PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY,) DECEMBER 18, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 18.
Trial of His Suit for Libel Against This Paper Begins Before Judge Angellotti and a Jury— Witnesses
for the Defense Testify of Episodes' at the Hotel Rafael.
VON SCHROEDER SUBMITS HIS CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
AGAINST THE CALL
WITHOUT TAKING THE STAND TO DEFEND HIS NAME
pany with male associates, Induce : a married
woman,' not' the 'wife of : plaintiff/ and her sis
ter, an unmarried woman, who .were then and
there guests of. the;. said '¦' Hotel Rafael. • and
then residing at said hotel, to leave said, hotel
and to accompany him and them' to"said'Pas
tori's, and. they did then and there engage. in
boisterous - revelry . and did drink large quan
tities of intoxicating . liquor - or wine to such
a degree that said married woman and the
raid unmarried woman, her sister, would . be
come intoxicated and helpless, and ¦ In such
Intoxicated condition' plaintiff : would bring
said women back to said Hotel Rafael at un
seemly hours.' That on ' one occasion j In said
year 1S98 the said women were discovered j at
said Pastorl's by a guest of said Hotel Rafael
in a state of helpless intoxication, who, pity-
Ing their condition; ; brought them home to the
Bald hotel in a vehicle which he. the said
guest, wus driving. "., •
Gaming in Clubroom.
Defendant further alleges upqn like .informa
tion and belief that during* the year 1898, and
while the wife of the said- plaintiff was a
guest of the said hotel, the said • plaintiff did
engage in lewd and lascivious conduct -with
a married woman, not his wife, • then , and
there a guest of said Hotel Rafael, and that for
the purpose of indulging in such conduct the
said plaintiff did; visit the room of said 'mar-;
ried woman in the ¦ Hotel ' Rafael. eald.
married woman being j then and' there a
guest of • said hotel ¦ as aforesaid, and for
the purpose of preventing \ the . wife of said
plaintiff, from , becoming ' acquainted with*, the^
facts of plaintiff's conduct, plaintiff did -em-;
ploy a servant " then "and ' there . employed ¦ In
the said Hotel Rafael- to" watch! the wife ot
said plaintiff arid to warn plaintiff, should the
wire of said plaintiff discover the whereabouts
Of plaintiff. ' J ;'
That each and every of the acts hereinbefore
mentioned brought scandal upon the said Hotel
Rafael. 1 and did destroy the L reputation of the.
said Hotel Rafael as a . reputable ' resort, and^
did cause respectable men and virtuous women',
to . withdraw, their, patronage .from v the . said!
hotel, and did ' prevent . respectable men and;
vlrtuou3 • women from ; becoming guests of- the
said -Hotel -Rafael. . . '•¦ . . .
> Defendant' is informed . and'-believes ¦ and • fur
ther alleges upon; information and. belief. ¦ '- '. ..¦
That to wit. -during; the' months, of I May-
June. July and "August,;, 1899,, during th« height
.of the season for the patronage of the said
Hotel Rafael, the 'said plaintiff did '. habitually
at night '.resort to .the | clubroom' attached f to
the said Hotel Rafael and forming a | part
thereof i' that In; company with" certain .women
who, were guests' of and. thkn ; residing at the
said Hotel i Rafael, > no ¦ one of whom , was the
wife of plaintiff, said plaintiff and certain male
associates did gamble during the night for money
In a game of cards called poker. That during
said game . it - was the ' habit of the \ plaintiff
and 'the said men ' and women' to' drink num
erous bottles of champagne, j some .'of which
were paid for. by the women, and during which
time ' said .women \ did .become very ¦ much in
toxicated. ¦ That by reason : of said intoxication
and the ' conduct ' of the ' plaintiff and ¦ his male
associates, large amounts of ' glass ' and dishes
and bottles were broken and thrown upon the
floor in a noisy and ' boisterous ; manner, and
were - also thrown .- after such • breaking ¦__ from
windows j of the - said | clubhouse ¦ upon the' -. roof
adjoining,', and the . noise of said drunken rev
elry proceeding from the said parties gambling
and drinking as' aforesaid* did ' create'/' great
scandal and d Id annoy the - guests > of the ' said
Hoter Rafael i who wished' to; sleep, and In con
sequence of such conduct guesta of said 'hotel
did depart and the business of said hotel and
of ; R. H. Warfleld, ; the . lessee and . manager
thereof,' was injured. ¦
Unseemly Conduct : Before Servants.
. That » on one * occasion," } to wit; ; daring the
month of July, 1899, j the . said plaintiff ; did al
low, a': certain • married ; woman. ; not ' his " wife,
but who : was '¦ then . and : there a ; guest of the
said .' Hotel • Rafael, and who , waa * residing ¦ at
said ! Hotel ' Rafael as such, to sit. upon his lap
in said*' clubhouse, and' while ' the 'servant of.
said I clubroom ,' was • serving ; wine ' to ' the said
plaintiff ; and * to • the said/woman ' said | plaintiff
did place his hands upon' the bosoms of : said
married - woman and j did . expose - the ' same ; in
the presence of • said servant ' in , said 'clubroom."
; fj That in '. the ' month ; of September, \ 1839,'-: the
said ] plaintiff did by hlmt elf , . In company with
male ! associates, induce a married '.woman, not
the . wife f of . plaintiff,', and her sister.' an < un
married " woman, who were ' then and '¦• there
J. J. Gallagher of Nlcaalo was called.
After stating the case to him in general
Eleven jurors had previously been se
cured and the examination of other citi
zens of the venire In order to select the
twelfth proceeded.
John Flllpplni was excused on the
ground of sickness In his family.
The courtroom was filled with Interested
spectators, mainly from San Rafael, but
among them also being many from sur
rounding towns and from San Francisco.
Wherefore defendant prays that plaintiff tak-j
nothing by bis suit, and for Judgment of his
costs.
Baron Von Schroeder in Court.
When the case was called at 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. Baron von Schroe
der and his brother sat together directly
benlnd plaintiff's counsel, coMistin-? of
James G. Magulre, James L. Gallaghor
and E. B. MartlnellL The defendant was
represented by I>. M. Delmas, E. F. Pres
ton, J. "W. Keyes, James W. Cochran©
and Thomas P. Boyd as counsel.
That such publication was made In the usua;
course of , the bnslnes* of publishing a news
paper by defendant, and that said defendant
was not. actuated by any ill -will or feeling *>f
perronal spite against said plaintiff, but that
said publication was made from laudable mo
tives after full Inquiry and Investigation a*
to the truth of the facts in said publication
stated and In the belief that they are true.
and things In such publication stated were true.
That defendant, further answering, and in
mitigation' of damages, alleges that the pub
lication alleged in the complaint to be llbelous
was made by the defendant after careful in
quiries from reliable sources as to the truth
of 'the facts therein .alleged, and that at the
time of such [ publication this defendant be-
""Careful Investigation Made.
toward women that it became generally known
that any woman who gave the plaintiff the
opportunity would subject herself to Improper
advances or to an unpleasant acquaintance.
That on other and sundry and divers occa
sions during* the years 1S98 and 1S33 the said
plaintiff 4Id harass and annoy ladles who were
guests of and ladies who were Tlsltors at the
said Hotel Rafael, and bis general conduct
That each and every of the acts nerelnbefora
mer.tloned brought scandal upon the said Hotel
Rafael, and did destroy the reputation of th«
said hotel, aa. a reputable rfort. and did cause
respectable men and virtuous -women to with
draw their patronage from the said hotel, and
did prevent respectable men and virtuoua
women from becoming guests of the said hotel.
tb< •¦•after the said plaintiff removed his rxiin
In said Hotel, - and at the came time the said
married woman aforesaid did have her room
removed, to a room adjoining the plaintiff*
and connecting; therewith in said hotel.
¦ncjren heretofore named ' as associating with
the plaintiff in the clubroom aforesaid and
elsewhere, did secure a room adjolnlntr tht
room of plaintiff and connecting* therewith, in
,. That during the year 1S99 and during; th»
months of, to wit. May and June, this defend
ant Is Informed, and believe*, and therefore
avers, that a married woman, not the wife of
plaintiff, who was then and there a guest at
Intrigue With Married Woman.
That thereafter the relatives of tho said un
married women heard of the action of the said
plaintiff, and knowing his general character
and hia actions at the said Hotel Rafael, tht
said relatives did reprimand said two young
unmarried wemen severally for being seen In
plaintiff's company, and told them that no
decent woman could afford to be seen speak
lnar with or in the company of plaintiff, who
sec-are an Introduction by the married one to
the two unmarried women, whereupon the sail
plaintiff did express himself that he had at
last secured an introduction to and acquaint
ance with said unmarried women, and ex
pressed, the delight and pleasure which sail
opportunity gave him.
1 That * he wai notoriously; free in making ad
vances' and " offering ' gratuitous , insults to un
protected females, , and .that he did on at
least 'one'" occasion,' to the knowledge of this
defendant, as this* defendant Is | informed and
believes ; and ' therefore ' arera. .-: force : himself
upon '¦ one _ married ' and " two ¦ young- 1 unmarried
women in the omnibus of the Uotel RaXael and.
That at all times during the said years IMS
and : 1S99 ' It .was the custom of the . plaintiff to
stare at women In and about said Hotel Rafael,
and by his - manner and gaze to annoy and
confuse ; them. That It was : th« custom of
the plaintiff to place . himself .' at - the entrance
of : the j ferry-boat • running from San Francisco
to Tiburon; .. there : connecting -¦ with - the train
to J San '; Rafael, '..where . said ; Hotel Rafael Is
situated,. ln\order ,to stare 'at and . ogle women.
Women Stared at ' and Ogled.
mentioned. ' occasioned by ' the plaintiff and ' hit
male and 'female, associates, which -female as
sociates were then and; there guests of the Mid
Hotel Rafael, during the months of June and
July.-. 1899,- was continued -until unseemly .hours, •
3 and 4 o'clock in the morning, and on on
occasion , in or about the month "of August.
1899, such,, revelry .carried on by;' the plalntirt
and his* associates.', as aforesaid, was such an
annoyance that the wife of the lessee of the
said Hotel Rafael, said lessew . being then ab
sent ¦ from the premises, . was obliged to | arise
from : her bed, . go downstairs - and order the
servants to , have ' the lights put out - In the
said clubroom, to the ( end that the said plain
tiff and his associates would disperse and stop
said revelry, but that notwithstanding such
Instructions the said plaintiff did persuade the
said servants not to extlng-uish. -told lights, but
to permit the said . revelry to continue, and the
said revelry ' did then so continue. That In
about one hour the said wife of said lessee
was obliged to again arise from -her bed and
again descend the stairs and peremptorily order
the extinguishing of said* lights so . that the
said plaintiff and his male and female asso
ciates | could - no longer' carouse | In said club
room and ' thereby annoy the grueats then and
there living; at the ; said , Hotel Rafael. "
¦ That plaintiff some time during- the year 1899.
the 'exact period . of which this defendant la
unable to state, was found In the room of a
married woman, not his wife, who was then
and there a guest of eald Hotel Rafael, which
said | room was occupied -or hired as a spare
room, and -which had' therein a* folding bed.
That -the, husband of said married woman, re
turning' unexpectedly, to the hotel, and finding
¦ the- plaintiff In said room with' his' (said hus
band's) -wife. ; did become -rery . angry and
created a disturbance, and did order the.fold
ing j bed to be taken' from said room immedi
ately. "¦¦'¦"'• ' -- . ¦. •¦.!.."¦; i
' That ' tha - nol se - f rom- tha clubroom ¦ heretofore
Wrath of Outraged Husband.
Sue-its of the said Hotel Itnfael and then re
siding at. Eald Hotel Rafael as such, . to leav
said hotel and .to accompany' him and: them
to said Pastori'p, and they did thea- and th«e
engage In boisterous, revelry and did drink
large quantities of Intoxicating liquor or win"
to such a degree that said married woman and
the said unmarried woman, her sister, became
intoxicated and . helpless, and In such Intoxi
cated condition plaintiff brought said women
back to the said "Hotel Rafael, at an unseemly
hour. . ', .
That en one occasion, in or about the month
of September, 1S99. the said plaintiff, and a
male associate, with the eald "married woman,
not the wife or plaintiff, 'and her' said sister,
an unmarried woman, did' hire' a " conveyance
and drive out of, the town of San Rafael; that
they did not return to the town of San Rafael
until 3 o'clock the following morning-. What
became of i the said married ' woman and the
male associate of- the plaintiff - this .defendant
does not know, but this defendant is informed
and believes, and therefore alleges upon In
formation and belief, that the said unmarrtea
woman, her' sister as afore-said, was left at a
stable in the 'town of San Rafael by the said
plaintiff In an intoxicated condition, and that
thereafter said unniarried woman Irentrto the
stable, of the said Hotel Rafael and wished to
have "¦ a. - horse- ¦ belonging to -her I then stabled
In .eald -'stable harnessed In order- that she.
might' drive. the same, ind that said certain
unmarried woman was so Intoxicated that she
struck "matches about said stable | trying; to
.find her horse. That after leaving the said
woman at. said stables, the said plaintiff re
turned to .the said Hotel Rafael by cutting
acrcrs ' unoccupied land, and not by walking;
upon the street.
.-.-.,... ... ..¦--,.--. ..,.,.. . •- ¦ ¦ ' - ¦ ¦ :- -
THE TRIAL OF BARON J. H. VOX SCHROEDER'S SUIT FOR LIBEL AGAINST THE CALL. BEGAN TE3TE"R-^
~-i>AY-AT SAX RAFAEL, BEFORE" JUDGE ANGELLOTTI '.AXt> A JUR>Y. THE PLAINTIFF RESTED HI3 '
, „ : CASE : WITH THE . SUBMISSION OF ' THE ARTICLE UPON WHICH HE BASES HIS CLAIM.
Members of the mob came to Boon
ville in wagons, buggies and on horseback.
Their rigs were left In a grove a half
mile out cf town and the men marched In
columns of twos under the commands ot
three men who had evidently been select
ed as leaders.
Citizens of Boonville made no effort
to assist in the protection of the negro
and a number quietly admitted that the
citizens generally were In sympathy with
the work of the mob. Judge' Swan of the
Warwick County Circuit Court sought to
prevent violence, but the members of the
mob Ignored him and proceeded wJth the
work.
Xone of the mob wore a mask. . To all
appearances men of every station In life
took part In the lynching. Not a shot was
fired before or after the lynching, and ex
cept for the excited groups of men stand
ing on the street earners' a Btrange'r would
have known nothing of the tragedy that
had Just been enacted.-
Little time was used in breaking: into
the cell and very soon the thoroughly, ter
rified negro was In the hands of his ex
ecutioners, who placed a rope around his
neck. All left, crawling again through
the hole by which they had entered, drag
ging the negro after them.
A few minutes' time w"as consumed in
the march to the Jail yard, where the rope
was thrown over the limb of a tree and a
hvndred willing hands pulled the rope and
pent the negro's body flying into the air.
The loose end of the rope -was tied to a
tree and as soon as the members of the
mob were sure that their work had been
completed they left in as quiet a manner
as they had entered the town.
Ring plteously to be spared The men
¦working at the door of the cell might
have been deaf, Judging by the attention
they paid to the walling of the negro.
BOONVILLE. Ind.. Dec. 17.— John
Rolla. the third cf the colored men impli
cated in the murder of Hollie Simons, was
handed to a tree In the courthouse yard
by a mob of about 100 men from Rock
port at 6:30 o'clock this tvering. Not a
ehot was fired and everything ¦was eon
ducted as quietly as if the execution had
beeo under the sanction of the law.
Rolla was brought to this place this aft
ernoon about 3 o'clock in charge of Sh*»rlfT
Anderson of Rockport. Upon his arrival
he was placed in a cell on the second floor
of the Jail and his presence was known
to only a few citizens.
A few minutes after 6 o'clock about
30!) men marched through 1 the principal
Ftreets of the city to the Jail and d*-njand
rd that the prisoner be turned over to
them.
Sheriff Hudson was out of town, and his
<3«»pi;ty, Raymond Cherry, was In charge
cf the Jail. He had heard that a mob was
en Its way here and at once made an ef
fort to get the prisoner out of town to
take him Jo Evansville, but before this
could be accomplished the mob had ar
rived and the futility of the attempt be
rr.mf apparent. He declined to give up
the k«*yB of the Jail and the members of
the rr.ob at once began to batter in the
v.alis of the Jail with a telegraph pole,
•which was handled by a doeen or more
men. As soon as a hoi© larg* enough to
admit the body of a man was battered
through the wall six members of the mob
crawled through with sledge hammers
and broke down the door of Roila's cell.
Inside the Jail tha negro coyld hear the
sourd** of the battering-ram as it pounded
-Sown the wall, and he lay upon the floor
ia his cell In an agpny of fear.
When the men reached his cell he pro
tested his innocenc* in loud tones, begr-
Visits to/iWay8ide;House8.
That, during said year' 189S the said -plaintiff,
did -repeatedly,- either 'by' himself "or ? in ' com-'*
¦:''¦¦;'•'¦ •"¦ - ' - ' v : . - . ¦• '" ¦ '•- :..! I.'-.'. •'
That during the -year. 1898, ":. In.v to : wlt. the
month of 'August of ¦ that -year, eald , plaintiff
did Induce an . unmarried woman then . a guest
of and . residing ; at " the said ¦• Hotel ' Rafael, | but
whose father resided In the '[ city and s county
of San Francisco, State aforesaid,' and ' who is
the same ¦unmarried'' woman, heretofore men
tioned as having been caused to! drink, until' it
was necessary to send for; a. doctor, 'to go, with
him to said Pastbri's, ¦.: «nd" while ') there did
Induce the said j unmarried ; woman ¦ to drink to
such an extentV that | said | unmarried ¦¦ woman
became very intoxicated: and was brought, back
by paid plaintiff to the said Hotel .', Rafael .at
a late hour In the night and was pushed along
the | corridor"; of, said ! . Hotel I Rafael ( byj. the eald
plaintiff,) who, from' time, to time, raised his
knee ( to , assist - him * in . forcing I «aid Vunmarried
woman along said corridor, with ; said , knee. \
That during the months of July and August,
1S9S, and at other times during the said year
IMS, the said plaintiff did on numerous occa
sions induce women guests then - residing " at
said Hotel. Rafael to leave said', hotel and to
accompany him, the plaintiff,', to a place, of re
sort upon a road ; about \ three or four miles
frcm the \ said Hotel Rafael kept by one. Pas
tori. That while at said Pastori's- the', said
I lalntlff : did induce' the ; said ~ women; guests
aforesaid to drink intoxicating liquors in such
quantities that . said ; women guests ' became | In
toxlcated and with* the plaintiff 'would return
in an Intoxicated ¦ condition', to j the - said I Hotel
Rufael at late and unseemly hours of the night.
Women Induced to Drink.
That/i to ¦wit, during the month of July. 1898,
the said plaintiff (ltd, In cornpany.wlth a mar
ried woman, not the wife of plaintiff; then &
guest' of-' and^ residing at said- hotel, .leave said
Hotel ' Rafael ¦ and ¦ ride to a spot on? the road
about one mile ; back of said hotel, and then'
and there the said plaintiff and the said woman
did indulge in certain lewd and lascivious be
havior and the said "plaintiff did then" and there
commit acts of gross Indecency In the presence
of a 1 , servant of the said J hotel, who . then , and
there observed the same. and upon bis return to
the said hotel did repeat the scene witnessed
83 aforesaid, '"^i V? : } V
That .-on one occasion, in to wit, . the • month
cf July, '189S, the said plaintiff did 'cause an
unmarried woman, then a guest; of and resid
ing at the said hotel, but whose- father .resides
in the city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, to • become so helplessly drunk
and intoxicated in said clubroom attached to
said hotel 'that' it ¦.became' necessary' to send
In haste for a physician to attend said 'woman. 1
and after the attendance of ' said 'physician it
did become necessary to carry said woman to
her room in said hotel, < which said 'conduct of
said;. plaintiff did cause great _ scandal. " */ ' ,.
That, to wit, 1 during the months of May,
June. July and August, 1898. during the height
Of the season for -the patronage of the said
hotel. Hotel Rafael, the. said plaintiff did ha
bitually at night resort to the, clubroom at
tached to the said Hotel Rafael and formlng'a
part thereof. That in company with certain
women who were guests of and then-residing
at the said Hotel Rafael." no one of whom was
the wife of plaintiff, said plaintiff and certain
male associates did gamble during 'the night
for . money In a game ¦ of cards called | poker.
That during said game it was the habit of
the plaintiff and the said men and women to
drink numerous bottles of champagne, some of
which were paid for by the women, and dur
ing which time the Bald women did become
very Intoxicated. That by reason. of said in
toxication and the conduct of the plaintiff and.
Ills male associates large amounts of glass and
dishes and bottles were [ broken and thrown
upon the. floor in a noisy and boisterous man
ner, and were also thrown after ; such break
ing from the windows of the said clubrooms
upon the roof adiolnlng, and the noise of said
drunken revelry proceeding frpm the said par
ties gambling and drinking as aforesaid did
create great scandal and did annoy the guests
of said Hotel Rafael who wished to sleep, and
In ponsequence of such conduct. guests of Bald
hotel did depart, and the business of said hotel
«nd It.';!!. Warfleld. the lessee -and manager
thereof, was injured.
Further Allegations Made.
E. F. Preston, his attorney, and answering the
complaint of the above-named plaintiff, for
answer ears: ¦ '
That defendant admits the publication of the
article as set forth in the complaint of plain
tiff.
That defendant Is Informed and believes and
therefore denies on information and belief that
the eam| was false, or malicious, or scandal
ous, or Wefamatory. or all or any of them,
or against the «tood name or reputation of th»
said plaintiff. •
That defendant is Informed and believes and
therefore denies upon Information and .belief
that said publication mentioned In the com
plaint concerning plaintiff was or Is entirely or
at all false or malicious, or scandalous or de
famatory, or all or any of them, or against
the good name or fame or reputation- of the
said plaintiff. • ...
That plaintiff Is Informed and believes and
therefore denies upon information and- belief
that by reason of said or any printing or pub
lication, or printing and , publication or circu
letion, or printing and publication and circula
tion of said or any false or malicious or scan
dalftis or defamatory or any word? whatever or
r*.hrrwi!««> or at all plalntliT has b«cn fxpni»d t.i
cblotjuy cr hatred or cohteraj.t. vr to any o(
them, "• or has sustained great rr ar.y Injury
whatever to his good rame or any mm* or
fame'or cred1t : or reputation, -or all oi* any of
them.- to his damage in . tb*- sum of^fZSQ.OOO or
any sum of monev" wh'atevi»«V or otiprwis*,'- or .
lliat platntjff was datn»se<i. *t^aU.^-'[rys>A> .
. Further answering ."i-a'ia^eomplalnt;'' this ¦ de
fendant-avers that he JsMnrormed and believe*
and' therefore: allejr-s"; ,upon" .Information and
btlief ¦ that all of the ; statements' contained, in
snld article published by' defendant of and con
cerning plaintiff as '*et forth In the complaint
are true, and defendant- Is informed an-1 fur
ther allege*: /
THE trial of the suit for libel in
stituted by Baron J. H. von
Schroeder against The Call has
commenced at San Rafael before
Superior Judge Angellotti and
a Jury. In this suit Baron von Schroe
der sues for 1250,000 damages for the
publication of an article which he
alleges defamed his character, injured
his business and blackened his. repu
tation. The article upon which Baron
von Schroeder bases his suit was pub
lished In The Call on October 25. lS99.jIn ,
obedience to Us duty as a protector Jof
publjc^morals'and the reputations of hon
est women, this paper published certain
facts in.thellf*? of Von. Schroeder. With
his private acts and conduct of dally life
this paper was not concerned until in his
actions and from his position he became
a menace to society. It then became the
duty of this paper to expose him. and this
was done. He now asks damages for that
expose.
In a variety of ways Von Schroeder had
made himself offensive to reputable guests
of the Hotel Rafael. His manner of life
had bred scandal at the hotel and had in
jured its good name to such a degree that
the lessee found his business interests se
riously In Jeopardy. Women against whosa
honor no breath of 'scandal had beem,
raised found themselves through the con
duct of Von Schroeder In an environment
which shocked them. In order that fur
ther injury to innocent people should not
be done .The Call published the facts. A
complete and most searching investiga
tion was made, and the facts. were mad*
public only after absolute verification.
Shortly after the publication Baron von
Schroeder Instituted proceedings before
the Grand Jury of Marln County, with a
view to holding the proprietor of this pa
per criminally responsible.. The facts were
presented under oath, testimony explain
ing the motive of The Call was submitted
and seventeen members of the jury voted
that the publication of Von Schroeder's de
linquencies, as a matter of public policy,
had been justified.
Baron von Schroeder then prepared to
prosecute his civil Bult -.' for damages
against The Call, tin presenting his case
yesterday he had no witnesses.', He had
been accused of offenses which. If true,
dishonor him In the opinion of decent
men, but he did not go upon the witness
stand in defense of his name. He had
been charged with conduct which, If he; is'
guilty, makes him an enemy to society,
against whom the hands of. honorable men
and honest women should be raised,' yet
he did not become a. witness arid' submit
himself to the cross-examination of his
accusers. He rested his case with the
presentation of the article In which he
claims his character was assailed.
The Call then began the submission of
the testimony which has been accumu
lated In defense. This evidence had re
lation yesterday to the manner in which
the article was prepared and to the motive
which prompted its publication. The facts
of verification were recited'and testimony
was submitted to prove that no element of
malice entered Into the purpose of The
Call to expose a man who had made him
self dangrerous to the community. The
trial will be resumed to-day f when further
evidence will be introduced to Justify the
publication of the article upon which Von
Schroeder bsres his suit, for libel.
Defendant's Answer.
Failing to' secure an indictment "of ; the
proprietor of The Call, for criminal libel.
Baron yon Schroeder began a civil action
against him. charging him with libel and
asking for $$jO,000, damages, alleging: that
his reputation and standing In the com
munity had suffered 'to that extent
The defendant's ansjver, filed with the
County Clerk of Marln County some time
since and offered by counsel yesterday
and ordered filed as a part of the record,
Is as follows: . • -.
In the Superior Court of the County 'of Marln^
State: of California— J. H. . von Schroeder,
plaintiff,' vs. John D. Spreckels. defendant'
:.'*!:. '¦•-: _'.VNo." M94.'i;-
Now comes- the above-named defendant.- by
STEAMSHIP FOUNDERS
IN A STORM
AND NINE MEN PERISH
Alpha Crashes Upon the Rocks on the
Eastern Coast of Vancouver
Mob of Indiana Men Batter In the Wall
of a Jail and Quickly .Hang
a Prisoner. *
Captain F. M. Yorke and Owner Samuel
Barber Among the Victims of
the Disaster.
VANCOUVER. Dec. 17.— The steam-
Fhlp Alpha foundered off Yellow
Island lighthouse, near Union Bay,
Vancouver Island, at 7 o'clock on
Saturday evening. Nine of her
crew were drowned, including the captain,
the purser and the managing owner, while
the other twenty-five men who were
i:boar<3 escaped to the shore as the result
of a heroic rescue planned l>y the light
house-keeper and Hardy, one of the able
f-eamen. Before midnight the vessel had
Cone to rieces. The dead are:
SAMUEL BABBER, owner. Van
couver and Victoria.
CAPTAIN F. M. YORKE of Vic
toria.
CHIEF ENGINEER MATTER
SON, formerly of the tug Chehalis
of Vancouver.
FIRST ASSISTANT ENGINEER
THOMAS DUNN of Vancouver.
SECOND ASSISTANT ENGINEER
MURRAY.
F. L. WHITE of Vancouver.
PURSER SULLIVAN.
SEAMAN CROSBY.
AN UNKNOWN STOWAWAY.
The bodies* of Captain Yorke and Sulli
van have been recovered.
The Alpha left Victoria at 5 o'clock on
Saturday morning on her trip to Japan.
Bfce was heavily laden with 800 tons of
failed salmon and was bound first to
Union for 300 tons of coaL The steamship
ran up the p-ulf during the afternoon in
the teeth of one of the heaviest gales that
has Ftvept the coast this season. She tried
to make the five-mile run into Union har
bcr, on the east shore of Vancouver Isl
and, but at 5 o'clock in the afternoon
pulled away again after several unsuc
cessful attempts.
Just after 6 o'clock she tried it agnin,
but missed the main entrance opposite the
lig-ht, beinir forced behind the inland Into
* i,«i-ryw rn\f. Before tftc Tii-adway given*;
her by the Impetus of the storm could be t
overcome she was against the rocks.
Ail on board realised that the steamer's
end had come.: The engineers stayed at
their posts and no one saw them after the
vessel struck. An attempt was made to
lower a boat in the raging sea, and in try
ing to do this Captain Yorke and the
purser, as well as Barber, the principal
owner, were drowned. James Hardy, an
American seaman, who had shipped at
Y'.rmria. then volunteered to take a line
ashore and with the assistance of the
llKhthouse-keeper made it fast. It was
only after repeated attempts that the
plucky sailor reached the shore and was
pulled up on to the rocks. Then some of
the crew and the Japanese passengers
•were taken ashore by the line. Finally
two more lines were passed ashore.
Several of the officers stood by In an en
deavor to work the vessel into a better
position, and while they could have been
paved they worked until they were swept
overboard and the lines parted.
What remains of the vessel is entirely
NEGRO HURDERER LYNCHED
IN A COURTHOUSE YARD
under water at low tide and her cargo '.s |
rtrewn for three miles alone the shore up I
and down from the lighthouse. The water |
poured through a half-dozen holes In her
bottom while the work of rescue was go-
Ing on. The crew stayed at the lightkeep
er's house for the balance of Saturday-
Right and all day Sunday until late in the
afternoon, when it was brought to Union
by a email steamer. The tug Czar brought
the lews of the disaster to Vancouver at
9 o'clock to-night.
The Alpha bnd no Insurance and was
valued at 139.000. She was bulk thirty i
years ago at Halifax and wast for many
years engaged In the trade to Bermuda, j
In the beginning of the Klondike rush she '
was brought out and sold to Genelle & !
Barber, the latter being former manager |
of the Imperial Bank of Canada at Cal
gary. The cargo was valued at $35.CX)
and was owned by Jan & Tamura of Van
couver and carried no insurance.
Since her return from her exciting ex
periences in connection TVfth her Nome
venture the Alpha's owners have had a
surcpspion of hard-hick episodes. For a
considerable period she ¦was out of com
miFP'.on. Sin* engaged for a short time
in the eoaeHrg trade, but this venture
was not particularly profitable. The ct
fcrts of her owners to arrange to pay a
fine to the United States Government for
the Cape Nome affair were unsuccessful
and as a last resort she accepted the
commission to the Orient. Intending after
discharging her car?o at Yokohama yto
engage in the Japanese coasting; trade.
The cargo of salt ralmon. amounting to
750 torp. was loo?.?!:- packed and before
she finally got away from this port with
her completed cargo in addition to the
fish the Alpha nl!«j carried 350 tons of
coa!, and there weie many rumors of
overloading. She ha<1 been out only three
days from this port before she was
obliged to return to Victoria. There was
something wrong witji her machinery and
It was said her engines had been tampered
with. Charge. 1 ? W<?r*flnld against the staff
of engineers and Chltf EngineerOordon.
¦who had said that the Alpha was tin
seaworthy, received a ten weeks' sentence
for desertion.
Only last Saturday the Alpha was pro
nounced seaworthy by Victoria inspectors
and after more trouble In engaging a new
complement of officers the ship started
for the coal bunkers at Union Bay to re
plenish her exhausted fuel supply. This
trip ended in the final disaster.
SEATTLE. Dec. 17.— The Pacific Coast
Company's steamship City of Topeka is
ashore on Lynn Canal with a strong pros
pects that she will become a total wreck.
There was no loss of life. The Topeka
left Skaguay in a blinding blizzard at S
o'clock on Saturday morning, December
S. .At 5 o'clock in the afternoon, after
hours spent in seeking shelter from the
gale and mow, she struck the beach of
Sullivans Island, only two and a half
hours' ordinary run from Skaguay. The
passengers were landed on the mainland.
The Alert on her way to Juneau picked up
part of them and took them to that city.
The Flossie was Immediately sent to trie
scene of the wreck.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
Continued on Page Nine.
The San Francisco Call.Conveying Machine Company
in Ruins. .
Plant * of the - Brown Hoisting « and
FIRE DESTROYS AN.
OHIO MANUFACTORY
NEW ORLEANS, Dec 17.— The British
steamer Milwaukee, from Table Bay,
Africa, reports that on November 2* la
latitude 7.47 south, longitude 21.23 west,
she spoke the British bark "Wlndoor Park
from. San Francisco for Queenstown, 127
days out, all well; wished to b© reported.
Windsor Park Spoken.
The German steamer Neva has arrived
from Gibraltar to assist in the rescue
work. As yet the sea Is too rough to per
mit the divers to inspect the wrecked ves
sel.
The first mate struggled for an hour
against the waves, clinging to a piece of
wood, but he finally went down.
The Spanish gunboat Nueva Espana has
left Cadiz to render assistance.
MADRID, Dec. 17.— Dispatches from
Malaga confirm the statement that the
naval commander there had warned Cap
tain Kretschmann of the approaching
storm and had recommended that he enter
the port, but It was of no avail.
The shock on the rocks is described by
eye-witnesses as terrible. Many holes
wer6 driven Into the vessel's stem, and she
sank within ten minutes. The captain re
fused assistance. When a Spanish sailor
got within a short distance of him and
threw him a rope Captain' Kretschmann
was so greatly agitated that he threw his
sword to the sailor.
Storm Was Approaching.
Gneisenau's Captain , Told That a
KBETSCHMANN WAS WARNED.
-While, they were at this task Kerns
drew his revolver from his coat sleev
and fired-. His attack was so sudden the
men did not have time to act and both
were Instantly killed. They fell from the
¦Wagon and their bodies crossed by the
roadside, i He then proceeded on his way
to the camp, where he reported the affair
to the authorities. The men were after
ward identified as old bandits in that dis
trict, whom the authorities had been after
for months. , . :
EL PASO, Tex., Dec. ' 17.—PersoWarriv
ing here from Pan-all, Mexico, report a
daring attempt at robbery near that place
which proved a failure to the bandits.
G. B. Kerns, a prominent man of Par
rail, Was going out to hlg mine, twenty
miles from.Parrall, Friday. night to pay
off his employes. Several hold-ups had
been reported in that vicinity recently,
and he had the forethought to guard
against losing his money in that way. He
had about $3000 in Mexican currency
which he tied firmly to the bottom of his
wagon, put his pistols under his coat
sleeve and started out Friday night for
the camp. \\'hen he had gone about half
way twq Mexicans suddenly halted him
and ordered him to get out of the wagon.
He obeyed, of course, and the bandits
searched his person, with no effect. Know
ing he must have some monty they pro
ceeded to search- his baggage and other
effects.
Special Dispatch to The C*U.
Mexican Mining Man Saves
Coin and Kills
Robbers.
SHOOTS DOWN
TWO BANDITS
MONTANA SENATORIAL CASE.
Chandler Again Calls It to the Atten-
tion of the Senate.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— The Montana
Senatorial case was brought to the atten
tion of the Senate to-day by an inquiry of
Chandler, chairman of the Committee on
Privilege* and Elections, as to whether
the Committee on Contingent Expenses
•was ready to report back the resolution
authorizing- the Committee on Privileges
*.r,«i Elections to send for persons and
papers in the investigation of the right of
W. A. Clark and Martin Maglnnis to a
seat in the Senate.
Oallinger of Xcw Hampshire explained
that no action had been taken by the com
mittee because of the absence of the
chairman. Jones of Nevada, and also of
Jones of Arkansas.
Chandler said he thought the Senate
had a right to an early report from the
Committee, and said he would to glad to
know what had influenced members of the
committee to delay action. This aroused
Jones of Arkansas, who questioned tho
right of the Senator to demand the rea
sons which may influence the actions «bf
any member of any committee. He could
not understand why Chandler should seek
to punish him, and intimated that Ci*t»nd
ler must have some personal interest in
the resolution. ¦-¦ ••
Chandler eaid that there was no uee for
the member of the Committee on Contin
gent Expenses to put on any disguise. It
wa6 perfectly ovident that no such treat
ment had ever before been given a resolu
tion of the character of that pending. The
matter finally went over. , >
Money of Mississippi. speakina» / to al
question of perpoiial Privilege, directed
the Senate's attention to a newspaper
publication of to-day in which the state
ment was made that a combination of
Senators had been formed to press certain
claims now pending before the Senate."
The publication asserted that the com
bination had determined upon the passage
of those claims, even though an extra
session of Concress was forced in the ef
fort. Money declared that so far as he
knew no such combination ever existed.
He had never heard of any such combina
tion, and was catisned that there was no
desire on his side of the chamber to press
claims beyond their merits. He dis
claimed any intention to delay action
upon any measure pending before the
Senate.
ELDORADO, Kans.. "Dec. 17.— Jessie
Morrison's attorneys, to-night filed a mo
ition before Judge Shinn asking that the
accused , be released on bonds pending a
new trial ofyhercase. Judge Shlnn will
»end«r his decision on the motion to-mor
row. -
May Release Miss Morrison.
Short Route to Pacific
Coast ,
Will Provide Bock Island With - a
CHARTER OF A NEW ;v v •
RAILWAY IS FILED
DAL.L.AS, Tex., Dec. 11.— The charter of
the Chicago, Rock Island and Mexico
Railway Company, with headquarters at
Twist in Bartley County, .Tex., was filed
to-day at Austin. The capital stock is
J2.000.000. -The proposed road is to run
through the counties of Sherman, Dallas
and Bartley. a distance of 110 miles, while
traversing, the' northwest corner of Texas
in passing frpm Oklahoma Territory to
.New Mexico.' Thi3 is the" Rock Island's
.proposed short Hh©' to the Pacific ' Ocean
on' the wefit coast of Mexico.
VOTING ON THE TREATY.
Thursday Set as the Day for It to
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.-Just before
adjourning late this afternoon the Senate
gave Its consent to the fixing of a deSnite
tim* to vote upon the Hay-Pauncefoto
treaty. Senators Money and Mason hai
occupied the time of the executive session
in making ppeechee upon th* treaty, and
-when Mason, who was the last speaker,
concluded. Senator Lodge renewed his re
quest to take a vote next Thursday fit
voice was raised in opposition and tho
unanimous agreement was recorded*. • The
understanding is that' the voting shall be
on the amendments at 3 o'clock, and that
the Senate shall continue in' session until
the first vote on the treaty itself is
reached.
GBAND^AILMY MEN, ; •
" TURN DENVER DOWN
Refuse to Accept That City as Place
for Next National En- -
; : " ¦ , campment 4 ',' / '
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 17.— The executive com
mittee of the Grand -Army of tho Republic
held a 'Bpecial -meeting to-day to decide
-on a place' for the next national encamp
ment, • which will be held September 10,
lOfn. ¦•¦ ;¦ • : . - ¦ • ¦ .-..-....
The cities desirouB of securing th« en
catnpment are- Denver, • Washington,
Cleveland and Pittsburgh • .
Several ho"urs J were spent in debate and
: wlrile no place was definitely chosen the
claims .of Denver were "turned down" by
VTote-.of/B to 1. This does not settle the
matter as far as Denver is concerned, for
its --representatives say that- they will
fight the decision and will lay claim to the
convention. I The reason- for the decision
of the. committee -is 'that the terms re
quired by the Chicago encampment last
summer. were not complied with by Den
ver. At Chicago It was. voted to accept
Denver as the site, .provided that city
would secure railroad rates of one cent a
mile.- This matter was the point on which
the committee and the Denver representa
tive* -disagreed, the- Denvcrttes claiming
that the. rate was -practically assured,
while the executive committee refused to
accept the evidence and set a new date
to consider the claims of .the other cities.
January 21 was determined upon as the
date, the place of meeting to be an
nounced later by Commander Rassieur.
The Cleveland committee stated that the
one-cent rate had been promised by the
CentraT Traffic Association. The disap
pointed delegates at the meeting seemed
to be of the impression that Cleveland
would-be the place selected for the special
meeting and that that city would be se
lected for the encampment. .
rSteedman Found .Guilty.
WASHINGTON, Dec? i7T-Captain>Rich
ard R*. Sffeedman, ElevetfthVXnfantryY was
tried "by^k general cotM-martial at San
Juan.' Porto Rico, on a charge of conduct
unbecoming an officer and -a gentleman
The court found him "guilty, of conduct
to the prejudice of good order and mili
tary discipline, 1 ' and sentenced him to be
reprimanded in general orders and reduced
in rank fifty numbers on the lift of cap
tains of infantry.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 17.-H. B. Neilson,
an "ex-City Trustee of Sacramento and
one of the oldest and best known citizens
of the city, fell dead at noon to-day.
Death is supposed to have been caused
by paralysis. He was about 72 years of
age.
H. B. Neil son.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— Mlsa Virginia
Jackson, an actress of the Abell Brinker
Stock Company, died to-day at Newark.
N. J.. of peritonitis. Her home was in
San Francisco, and for the past three
years »he had been with the Columbia
Theater Stock Company.
Virginia Jackson.
BAN JOSE, Dec. 17.— Sol Rinaldo of the
firm of Rinaldo Bros., cigar dealers and
manufacturers, died this evening of pa
ralysis of the brain. He was found In his
room this morning In an unconscious con
dition. He was a native of Poland, aged
47 single and came to California about
twenty-five years ago.
Sol Kinaldo.
' WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.—Major-Gener
al John O. Parke (retired as colonel) died
at his residence here yesterday of a com
plication of diseases incident to old age.
He served with distinction durinsr tho
Civil War and later gained a fine reputa
tion in the engineer corps. He was super
intendent of the military academy at
West Point for two years.
General John G. Parke.
PETALUMA, Dec 17.— James B. Bstfley.
one of Petaluma'B oldest citizens, passed
away yesterday. Mr. Bailey came to this
city in 1S54 from Massachusetts, traveling
the entire distance with an ox-caravan.
He was a native of Massachusetts an.J
was 78 years of age. Mr. Bailey and his
wife, who survives him, were married In
this city in 1855 and. claim the distinction
of having been the first .white couple
married in the town. The late Father
Waugh, the founder of the Band of Hope,
was the presiding minister at these early
nuptials. The funeral took place to-day.
James B. Bailey.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
NEW YORK, Dec. 1?.-Vlce President
H. E. Huntlngton of the Southern Pacifies
Company is reported to have had an audi
ence to-day -with President Hays and.
Chairman Tweed of the board of directors.
It is said that Mr. Huntington will not
retire from his present position, but ha
will accompany President Hays to Cali
fornia next -week.
Hnntington "Will Not Betlre.
The greatest obstacle that the State
Department has encountered in the effort
to collect our own claims was the vast
accumulation of European claims against
Turkey, leading: the Government of tli«
latter country to plead that it could not
pay our claims without paying the others,
which would be utterly impossible. Tho
British claims are saia to be many fold
larger than our own. and if they are to
be pressed now. before our own claims
are collected, 1t i? feared that the Turkish
Government will use the fact as a basis
for declining to pay at present.
It is apprehended at the State Depart
ment that the reported intention of Gr»at
Britain to press at this moment for settle
ment of the claims of her citizens against
Turkey will have a disastrous effect upon
our own negotiations in the interests of
the American missions. The State Depar
rnrat never haa been officially informed
that the Turkish Government has ar
ranged to pay our claims, although the
British actkm is said to be predicated up
on a belief that our claims had been set
tled.
WASHINGTON, Dec 17. — Captain
Chester cabled the Navy Department to
day from Smyrna notice of the departure
of the Kentucky for Port Said on the way
to Manila.
England Is Now Pressing
Her Claims Against
Turkey.
KENTUCKY SAILS
FOR PORT SAID
. The members of the board could not
see how West Point rules could govern
the - inquiry, but the young man would
not answer, although the information
was to a certain extent extracted from
him by a desultory fire of seemingly im
material questions. Albert saia that Booz
was not hazed any more than any other
cadet.- He was one of Booz' tent mates
while in camp, along with Anthony B.
Burnham of Kentucky. Albert then re
lated how he and Booz and other fourth
jlear men were made to do "ridiculous
stunts," such as making- the upper clds»
men's -beds and "other unmanly and dis
graceful" things. What ti.e unmanly and
disgraceful things were the witness re
fused to state, saying that it was none
of the public's business. He took the haz
ing because he expected it. He told of
one night when some fourth year men
were stood in a tent and told to open
their mouths and shut their eyes. They
obeyed and then some one squirted into
their mouths what was believed to be
tabasco sauce. It did not hurt Albert
because there was not enough of It. He
could not say whether Booz was one of
the victims, as they all had their eyes
closed. Albert said that when he was at
the academy tabasco, Worcestershire
sauce and catsup were used at mess.
He did not see the fight in which Booz
was engaged, but noticed that after that
encounter Booz was snubbed by tsome of
his own classmates and upper classmen.
He said he did not know Booz well
.enough to learn lf'he was of a religious
turn of mind, and added that Booz never
complained to him of ill treatment. After
some further unimportant testimony Al
bert was excused and the court adjourned
to meet at West Point tomorrow after
noon.
thought that if tabasco sauce had been
forced down Booz' threat it may have
made him more susceptible to the disease.
Sigrmond S. Albert, who had been a ca
det at West Point for fourteen months
and was a classmate of Booz, was called.
The young man at every question de
clined to answer. He had been asked to
state in a general way what sort of haz
ing had been indulged in at the academy,
but he absolutely refused to answer. He
was not afraid that he would incriminate
himself, he said, but refused merely on
the ground that at West" Point there was
a rule that no cadet should submit to haz
ing or stand by to see It done.
BOSTON, Dec, 17.~7"Mother worse,
come'home at once." was the wording of
the telegram that lured away Shirley El
lis. Harvard's famous fullback, last night.
The telegram came to him Sunday, even
ing and purported to have been signed. by
his father, 8. V. Ellis, a wealthy, mer
chant of Lynn. 3 On receipt of the mes-
WLge Ellis left Cambridge for Lynn, "cut
ting" his examination, which was to oc
cur to-day.' " • ' . * ••
This morntn* the elder Ellis said that
he had not sent the message and. the
young fullback has not been seen at his
home. It was I stated at Harvard this
evening that the disappearance of Ellis
is undoubtedly the work of the non-so
ciety men at Harvard, who have kid
naped him to prevent his threatened with
drawal from the fight against the society
element for the control of the class-day
elections. , ¦
The Hasty Pudding, the controlling so
ciety of which Ellis is a member, refused
to nominate him. for an- offlee and the
anti-society men eagerly picked him out
as their leading candidate. Yesterday
Ellis announced nls purpose of declining
the anti-soetety nomination, but his sup
porters were too quick for him.
The incident is the culmination of tho
hottest anti-BOCiety fight that has been
known, in the history of the university.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mysterious Disappearance of
• Harvard's Famous
Fullback.
BELIEVE ELLIS
IS KIDNAPED
•|— s?v RISTOL, Pa.. Dec. 17,— The milt-
Iv/ tary board of inquiry 'appointed
, l~~A\jhy the of War to in-
IL^i/'vestigate charges made by the
relatives -and friends of Oscar L.
Booz, the former West Point cadet, that
he came to his death. on December. 8 at
his home here as the result of hazing by
fellow- cadets at the academy two years
ago, began taking testimony here to-day.
The board, consisting of Major General
John R. Brooke, commanding. the Depart
ment of the East; Brigadier General Al
fred E. Bates and Colonel J. H. Clouse,
deputy judge, advocate general, arrived
here this morning. They were met at the
railroad station by William H. Booz. the
father of the former cadet, and Rev. Alex
ander Allison, pastor of the Bristol Pres
byterian Church, the worshiping place of
the Booz family. The inquiry was held in
the pastor's study. The entire Booz fam
ily was present. The Inquiry began at
10:50 o'clock, the first witness called being
Mr. Booz, who was Invited to tell all he
knew. Mr. Booz stated that Oscar en
tered the academy on June 10, 189S.- Soon
after letters were received from him stat
ing that he had been hazed. . .;.
Mr. Bocz said tlyit his son had com
plained to him of tie indignities to -which
he was subjected at West Point, but
when Mr. Booz spoke to Lieutenant
Blakeley , about it he was told that the
hazing ¦would stop after the cadets got
back in barracks. - He told, his son he
would have to stick to it.
Mrs. Boof, mother of the dead boy, and
his sister Nellie both testified to the let
ters they had received from Oscar while
he was at the academy. He told of hav
ing hot candle grease poured on him while
in bed, and Saving had tobasco sauce
poured down his throat, both in camp and
at the table. He was in one fight in
which he said he had his eyes blackened
and quit when he was winded. On an
other occasion he was called a coward
and told he was a disgrace to the corps.
Dr. Willis Weaver of Bristol the Booz
family physician, testified to the general
failure of Oscar's health after he returned
from West Point, but* refused to say
whether the condition of his throat could
have been induced by drinking tobasco
sauce.
Rev. Dr. Allison paid a high tribute to
the character of Oscar Booz. After the
young man had entered the academy he
received a. letter from Oscar in which he
told of 111 treatment, and said it was hard
to be a. Christian at West Point, but that
he would istick to it at any cost. Dr. Al
lison submitted a letter from Charles Bur-
An attempt was made to kill Thompson
about the - time .Rash was killed,- and
others among the proscribed people have
since been shot , at from ambush. Thvj
Bassetts^ Thompson and Davenport have
not left Brown3 Park, but are still threat
ened. There is talk of organizing a vigi
lance committee to hunt, down the mur
aerers and drive their abettors out of the
county. ,
Emboldened by immunity from punish
ment the men who incited these murden
warned the family of A. H. Bassett, post
master ¦' at Ladne," Ranchman Thompson
and Joe Davenport, all reputable people,
to' leave the country on* pain of death.
HATDEN, Colo., Dec. 17.— Two coward
ly murders of inoffensive ,' settlers, . at
tempts to kill others and the banishment,
under • the threat of death, of an entire
family from. Brown Park section have
caused a' reign of terror throughout the
northern and central part of Routt
County. ; . . - .
: Matthew.. Rash, a quiet, , inoffensive
ranchman, was killed In his cabin in July
last. October 4 Rash's partner. Dart, was
shot down as he stepped out of his door
after, breakfast. . -
Citizens of Routt County
Warned to Leave
Their^ Homes.
nett, president of the Young Men's Chris
tian ' Association at West Point, which
»stat«d-Mr, Burnett had investigated the
charges made .by the Booz family and
fourid them greatly exaggerated.
.'.In August a .letted was. received in
which Oscar said he had been in a fight
and, received a pair of black eyes, and
that he had been knocked out by a blow
oVer the heart: Mr. Bobz said he went to
West Point to see his son. Oscar told his
father he expected to be hazed, but he did
not want to be treated brutally. The
father said Oscar aid not want his mother
to know how he was being treatJti.
MY-. Booz then told how Oscar had in
formed him that tobasco sauce had been
forced down h.s throat. Mr. Booz aald
that when Oscar came home in the fall of
1698* he was broken in health and was
never well after that. Oscar liked fun,
the father said, but not brutality. While
in tents, the father continued, Oscar said
the cadets would pull the blankets from
him and pour hot wax from a candle on
his body. Mr. Booz also said Oscar told
him tha,t tobasco sauce was. poured down
his throat both in camp and at the table.
In answer to another question Mr. B003
said the only cadet he, the father, talked
¦with at "West Point was the son of ex-
Congressman Phillips of Ohio. Mr. Booz
thought the officers at the academy could
stop the brutality, but he would not say
they ' condoned it. All the cadets were
not treated like Oscar was, he said, and
he, ¦was at a loss to understand why they
had treated his son in such a severe man
ner. Oscar spent all of last year at home
in an endeavor, to build up his health.
In "June of thig year he accepted a posi
tion with a laiv- firm at .Philadelphia, but
was compelled to leave, that -occupation,
owing to. his throat trouble. . ¦: ¦
In conclusion Mr. Booz said that Oscar
would newer -mention any names. When
he felt very badly he would talk of the
brutal treatment he „ had been , subjected
to, but would never reveal the Identity
of his persecutors.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 17.— The Board
of Inquiry into the. Booz hazing case •con
vened at the Lafayette Hotel in this city
at* 4 o'clock for the purpose of hearing
witnesses residing in Philadelphia, Dr.
J. S. Cohen, a throat specialist, who had
attended Oscar Booz for two or three
months during the past summer, was the
11 rat witness called. He said that Oscar
had tuberculosis of the larnyx, and -that
when he came to this. city for treatment
his case was a hopeless one, and he so
told the sister. He continued to treat the
ex-cadet until he was unable to come to
the city because of. physical weakness.
In answer to a question whether, a per*
son could contract tuberculosis from an
Injury to the throat. ¦ the physician said
it could only come from a pre-existing
cause. The doctor said he noticed that
Boor had an old Injury In the throat;
it was .at.., the, base .of. .the tongue. He
REIGN OF TERROR
IN COLORADO
Sixth — That upon completion of each, ir
rigation project, public lands to- be irri
gated shall be subject to nomestead en
try, the entry man paying $2 50 per acre
and entering into an agreement to make
further payment, extending over a term
of not to exceed ten years, of $7 50 per
acre, the latter being for the use of stored
waters. Each entry is to be limited to
forty acres.
Seventh — In case reservoirs furnish more
water than is needed for reclamation of
public land, or if land in private owner
ship is found to- be better located for util
ization of stored waters, the right to use
euch stored waters mav be sold at th»
rate of $10 per acre, payment to extend
over a period of not exceeding ten years.
Eighth— The right to use stored water is
to be made appurtenant to th* land an<l
cannot be transferred to other lands, and
is forfeited if not put to beneflciaj use.
Newlands expects to introduce bills sim
ilar in character relating to the Truckee.
Carson and Walker rivers. He is endeav
oring to unite the members of the Pacific
Coast and arid States in the demand for
legislation essential to their section.
Newlands Invites views and suggestions
as to the practicability of Ihls bill.
First— That the Geological Survey be di
rected to finish surveys and prepare speci
fications for complete storage and utiliza
tion of the flood wattrs of Humbolut
River, In Nevada.
Second— That the director of the Geo
logical Survey shall report to the Interior
Department the capacity and cost of the
construction of each reservoir, location of
public lands to be reclaimed and other
facts . relative to utilization of flool
waters.
Third — That the Secretary of the Inter
ior have discretion to withdraw from pub
lic entry the land which it is proposed tc
irrigate from reservoirs.
Fourth— That there be appropriated
$136.7*0 for the construction of a reservoir
on Rock Creek, a tributary of the Hum
boldt River.
.Fifth— That there be appropriated $143.
3w for thei construction of lower Hum
boldt reservoirs.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.—Represen
tative Newlands of Nevada introduced a
bill to-day for the construction of reser
voirs for the storage of water on Hum
boldt River, in Nevada, and for the dlsp i
sitiOn and settlement of public lands
within reach cf stored water. The bill
directs:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
troduces a Bill of Impor
tance to Nevada.
Representative Newlands In-
WATER STORAGE
ON THE HUMBOLDT
NEW LONDON. Conn.. Dec. 17.— The
new torpedo boat destroyer Bailey, whicrv
has been "turning up" over the stand
ardized knot course in N'arragar.sett Eay.
promises in her official trial this week
to exceed in speed any similar- era ft ever
built.
Captain William A. Miller, who is tem
porarily In command of the Bailey, to
day spoke in glowing terms of the littia
craft.
Charles L. Seabury and the officers at
the United States torpedo station at New
port took records when the Bailey
last week sped over the standarUed knot
course, which is «5O82 feet in length. Tha
first time the boat made this run in two
minutes and one second. The second tim*
she did it in two minutes and the third
time in one minute and fifty-eight sec
onds, a speeii of about thirty-five stand
ard miles an hour.
When making this fast time she ha<l
little vibration and did not settle aft at
all. She can turn around twice in her
own length and speed as straight as an
arrow. In making her fastest run over
the measured knot she carried 237 pound3
of steam and her propellers were making
401 revolutions per minute.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Torpedo Boat Bailey
Is a Very fc paedy
Orait.
PROMISES. TO
BREAK RECORDS
and broke the British lines, the rest of
the commando following. He was forced.
however, xo leave in the hands or that
British a 15-pounder and fifteen wagons
with ammunition and stores.
Commandant Haasbroeke, with a com
mando end two guns, tried to get thr<>ugni
Springkai? Nek, but was driven back, los
ing forty men.
A Cape Town special says: Seven hun
dred Beers jiave crossed from Orange*
River colony into Cape Colony, near AJ1
wal North, and have reached Kaapdal.
A Wellington. N. Z.. special says: Lord'
Kitchener has requested thut the New
Zealand contingent may remain in Soutiv
Africa until the war is over, and the New
Zealand Government has .consented.
Boers Said to Have Been Totally De-
SEVERE BATTLE WON
BY BRITISH TROOPS
feated With Very Heavy Loss.
»
Dewet Leads in Person and Is Jwice
Repulsed Before Breaking Through
rhp hnpmv c I inPQ
LONDON", Dec. 17.— The report of an
other severe battle, resulting In a British
victory, ts current here. According to the
story the fighting began at daybreak to
day and lasted for several hours. The
Boers, who numbered from ioOO to 2000
men, were surrounded at the Orange
River and totally defeated, with very
heavy losses in killed ai:d wounded: A
number of Boers, it is added, were cap
tured.
A special from Maseru says: It appears
that Dewct's forces wore twice repulsed
r.cfore breaking through the British lines
in the neighborhood of Thabanchu. In
the third attack De-wet led In person.
With a few determined men he charged
NEW YORK, Dec 17.— An answer was
made to-day in the suit of Anton J. Dltt
mar against George J. Gould, Edwin
Gould, Howard Gould and Helen M.
Gould, as trustees under the last will and
testament of the late Jay Gould, to re
strain them from continuing to pay the
Count and Countess Bonl de Castellane
the Income of. the Countess from the
estate of Jay Gould.
The defendants allege that the Supreme
Court of this State has no Jurisdiction
over the person of the Count de Castel
lane or Anna Gould (Countess de Castel
lane), the alleged debtors; that they had
not either of them been served with the
summons in the action and have not ap
peared therein, and that the court is,
therefore, without Jurisdiction to decide
the question of how much of the income
is necessary to the proper support, and
maintenance of the Countess de Castel
lane.
The defendants also allege that the
plaintiff is not the real party in interest
and that the alleged assignment and
transfer to him 01 the alleged drafts and
acceptances and claims and causes of
action are without consideration and void,
and that at the time of said alleged as
signment and transfer to said plaintiff,
Asher Werthelmer, plaintiff's alleged as
signer, was not the owner or holder of the
said drafts and acceptances or claims or
causes of action, but had sold them to
Julius Cohen & Co., bankers, of London.
The defendants further claim that the
alleged indebtedness is for merchandise
sold to Count de Castellane and not to
the Countess and that by the law of
France, where said drafts were accept6.l
and payable, and also "bv the terms of a
certain ante-nuptial agreement, the
Countess is not liable for the debts of her
husband.
-The defendants say that a previous
action in the Fame case was .begun in
France and that .the present suit should
not hold.
The injunction -proceedings in the case
were called before Judge Blanehard to
day. Charles- A. Gardiner and E. C.
James appeared for the Gould trustees,
and Samuel Untermeyer for the plaintiff.
On request of Mr. James the case- went
over until Thursday. Mr. Untermeyer
asked if .the agreement made before Jus
tice I>eeventritt that -the allowance of
the Castellanes of $250,000 a year should
continua for the present ¦ and this was
agreed' to. • ¦ • •¦•- - - • '¦ - • •
Defendants Claim That New
York Court Lacks Juris
diction.
ANSWER FILED
IN GOULD SUIT
"While the social upheaval of China was i
primarily a revolt against Christianity, |
us most recent phase was routed into ai-- |
tivity by the encroachments of foreign;
powers, notably Germany and Russia, on j
Chinese territory, by the reactionary pol
icy at the Kinpress Dowager, anrJ by the
encouragements given the native secret
societies to combat the reforms promul-,
gated by the Emperor.
"The murder of two German mission
aries in Shantung being made a pretext
for the seizure by Germany, shows how
wpJI the soil was prepared, even antece
dently, for the causes enumerated fo? the
more extensive movements that followed, j
"The ¦ danger to which Christians in
China are likely to be exposed In con-i
sequence cf foreign aggression is thor- 1
oughly realized by those interested in j
missions, and Was pointed out in one of
our church magazines as far back as
May. 1888.
"The action of Germany in seeking ter
ritorial compensation was especially re
ferred to as likelv to lead to Identifica
tion in the heathen mind of Western re-
Hpfon with Western politics.
"This has literally come to pass, ren
dering the recent upheaval doubly for
midable, as .a combination of fanatical
fury with political hatred of foreigners."
¦*
WILL SEIZE THE LOOT.
Articles Shipped From China to , B ;
Held at Marseilles. j
PARIS. Dec. 17.— By order of the Gov- J
eminent a number of cases filled with !
Chinese loot sent to President Loubet and i
others by General Frey, commander of I
the French marine forces in China, will
be embargoed at Marseilles when they
are unshipped.
This action of the Government <of
France is evidently an outcome of the
protest of General Chaff.ee against loot
ing, which called attention to the fact
that the military forces '.r.-ere despoiling
China of works of art. The Government
here has come to the. conclusion that the
articles in the oa^es : cannot be'consid
ered prizes of war, and that, therefore,
they do, not. belong to the soldiers who!
seized trrem.' '¦' ¦ i
STAND OF ENGLAND
DELAYS SETTLEMENT
No Reason Given for the Demand to
Amend the Peking Agreement
It Is Believed at Washington, However,
That the Disagreement Is Only
Temporary.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— Such report? ,
as the State Department has from Min- !
iFter Cor.ger up to the present fail to 1
develop a satisfactory reason for the in- ¦.
eistence of the British Government upon !
amending the Peking agreement on the |
one hand, or for the hesitation of the '•
foreign Ministers in acceding to the j
amendment on the other. A close perusal |
of the British suggestion still faSis to
show that it is in any sense materla?. :
Already, as stated, it appears to be noth
lag more than the elirninatlur. of an ?x- |
placatory phrase, v. J.irh in no dpgroc af
ic-ets the action proposed in the section I
of the agreement to which the amend- j
mont applies- Thu# the action Is left to ;
stand toy itself without a statement of >
reason which wouM not even qualify or :
l.mit the action, which in thl* case r*-- j
iates to the punishment of the Boxer j
leaders.
Consequently it is believed here that j
this disagreement wiil be merely tempo- !
rary and the most serious consequences j
that can ensue is an annoying delay at a j
moment when the worst phase of the ne- j
potiations seems to hare safely passed.
A lonp instruction was sent to Minister i
Censer this afternoon informing him full.v i
as to his course, lie already had been ¦
authorized to sign the agreement and it ;
[a said that this f^c-h instruction will so j
clear the way of obstacles at Peking as j
to make !t probable that the signatures
of all the Ministers can be affixed at once.
This statement even includes the British
Minister, Sir Edward Satow, who has
been the last to come forward.
CARDINAL BLAMES POWERS
Says They Are Responsible for the
Boxer Uprising:.
XE*W YORK. Dec. 17.— A dispatch from
London pays: Cardinal Vaughan has is
sued a pastoral letter on the subject of the
Chinese massacres, declaring' that- the po
litical encroachments of European pow
ers, especially Germany and. Russia, are
largely responsible for recent upris
ings. :' ' v *
The Cardinal's fetter Is supposed to be
inspired by the Vatican. He says:
ARMY INQUIRY BOARD PROBING
INTO THE HAZING OF CADET BOOZ
Father of the Victim Testifies That His Son Wrote It
Was Hard to Be a Christian at West Point.
TEffi SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1900.
THE CADET WHOSE DEATH IS SAID TO HAVE RESULTED . FROM
HAZING AT WEST POINT AND MEMBERS OF THE ARMY BOARD
OF INQUIRY. .*;¦* -.
Confers With Scott as to Best Time
for Launching of the
. . , ¦ Ohio.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— Henry T
Scott, president of the Union Iron Worka
or Ban. Francisco, spent some time with
the President" this morning. One subject
of the conversation, .was the President's
trip to the Pacific (A)ast next sprlhg. The
battleship Ohio, built by Scot t's firm win
not be launched until the President ' goes
to San Francisco. The exact date of the
visit was not fixed this ; morni ng, 1 but It
will be in- May, and. af a tlmfe when the
tides are higher than usual on the coast.
High tide will be required, as the ship is
an Immense one, ' drawing -much water
Details : of the trip will be arranged here
after. . The -President will go by the
Southern Pacific and return by one of the
northern routes. He . will probably be
away from Washington a month, as many
of the large cities of the coast expect to
recclvevislts from him.
McKINLBY WILL VISIT*
CAJjIFORNLft? IN MAY
1 The. flames started. ;n the varnish room
of the.EUswell-Parkec Electric Company r
which 'occupied a part of one of.ttie
Brown Compahy's'bualdlngs. The loss to
the Ellswell-Parker" Company \ 3 -about
$100,000, : covered by Insurance. Hundreds
e-f .employes were compelled to Jump
from . windows as a result of the rapid
spread 'Of .the ! flames.* . No one, however,
aslfar ¦ as , known, ;was :seriously injured.
The loss to: the Brown Company is largely
covered by insurance. The plant win be
Tebullt at once; • . :
CLEVELAND. Dec. 17.— Fire early to
day almost entirely destroyed th« bis
plant of the Brown Hoisting and Convey
ing Machine Company. Five out of seven
buildings used by the company are. In
ashes and property estimated to be worth
over $500,000 was entirely consumed. Eleven
hundred •workmen are thrown out of-em
ployment.. The company, considered to be
one of .the largest. concerns of the kind
In 'the " world," has xn&ny contracts 1 with
the Government for hoisting apparatus to
be ef ecjedi at coaling stations that . ar 2
-being established In vurtous parts of the
world. ¦• ¦" -¦:• •
2
COMPANT,
Z\: Geary Street. Oy«« guiflM.
217 Geary Street. San Francisco.
EMERSON *15O
CHICKERINO #1TS
STEJNWAY ? 11>5
jo H-vYNS ¥325
Elegant New n«no» ft M>. Can be «xcfcange<l
any time in 5 years; IS down. $5 p«r month;
rented and rent allowed.
Or-on evenings.
$20--HolidayPresent--$20
THIS CERTIFICATE IS GOOD FOR TWEN-
TY DOLLARS when accompanied by *10 In
cash and wUl b« taken as & thirty-dollar first
payment on the r.urrha.«e cf a New Tlano (any
make) Upright or Grand, fmm our wareroonw.
Difference of price of piano c&n be paid in
cash or. If desired, tn Installments on our netr
rent contract plan, ThU lftc^ e must b *
presented before January I MO. Only one cer-
tificate taken oa any o^. ! fp UXO CQ
CUT THIS OUT.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take T^ixatlre Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
AraggirXt refund money If it XaiU to cure. E.
W, Grove's elgnature is on each box. ?5c. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I LIBRARY I
I WELSBACH I
I LAMP i
M With Gas-Saving Regulator J&
Si No Oil, No Wick, No TroubU. Ifi
f5t Beautiful Effect. V&
fg 83ft% Saved in Cost of lighting <S!
flu In Antique and jrK
JgJ Modern 'Bronze, *K
jot Cloisonne, Jv
|5 Tan Zan Ware jK
jE : . Hand-Decorated Shades 1 1
if ¦ To Match ? 1
*;; New Year Calendar ' »V
7$ Book Marker. £y.
& Welsbach Co. J|
%& 138 EIH5 SL j|t'
AjjL Of*n Evenings Purin. H -'.: '¦ »'¦ -___, JJfffiFor California Trade.
"Marks, mole on left cheek, near mouth;
small scar on Internal corner of left brow,
near eye. Age, twenty-three yean*.
Welgth, 203 pounds."
"Head Is second largest In Bertllllon
class; eye medium dark, slightly reced
ing forehead, medium height and great
width: nose of rectilinear profile; features
regular.
foot. &>i inches: forearm. 1S% Inches: mid
dle finger. 4Vi inches; little finger, 3% In
ches.
CINCINNATI. -Dec. 17.— The Duke and
Duchess of Manchester left to-day for
Baltimore and Washington In Eugene
Zimmerman's private car. They will re
turn to this city for the holidays and
then go to San Francisco.
The latest addition to the gallery at
police headquarters is a photograph
marked "Duke of Manchester, alias Kim."
During his visit to the City Hall the Duke
went through the processes In the Ber
tlllion room. He Is thus described in the
official records: "Height. 5 feet 9Va inches;
reach (arms extended), 5 feet 9H Inches;
head length, 8& Inches; width, 6& Inches;
MANCHESTER'S PICTURE
IN ROGUES' GALLERY
I>uke Gore Through Processes in Ber
tillion Room at Cincin
r,i: :^nati.
struck to-day because fifteen blacksmiths
and carpenters had not been given the 10
per cent Increase In wages.
operated by. the Shamokin Coal Company,
fjecinl Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrlrlit. 1900. by the Herald Pub
ll!>hinc Company.
LONDON, Dec . 17. — An extraordinary
story of a woman's terrible secret at last
revealed Is wired from Ostend by the
Daily Mall's correspondent there.
Three Belgian workmen were tried
about seven years ago and found guilty
of having committed a series of crimes,
among them the murder of an aged wo
man at Hammonds. Although they de
clared their Innocence until the last mo
ment, one of them was sentenced to Im
prisonment for life and the others were
guillotined. ¦ Now . a woman named Sou
magne'has juwt denounced her husband,
who, she says, committed the crime j.
She Is said to be . auite sane and the
authorities are Investigating: the charge*.
When Degroot, - .one of the men who werq
executed, was being pinioned, he caused
some sensation by saying: "Yon cannot
tie all of me. • You will not have my Im
mortal soul. You will be punished for all
the wrong'you have done me." 3£*f$gU£KQ
How true this was remains to be seen.
The . case is certain to , create much ex
citement. .-;•- '. '-•¦¦-
Strike at ' Shamokin.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Dec. 17.— Twelve hun
dred • men "¦ and ' boys at Natalie colliery,
Woman Denounces Her Husband as
Author of Crimes for Which
Others Were Punished.
SATS TWO INNOCENT
MEN WERE EXECUTED
BERLIN. Dec. 17.— An .official dispatch
from Malaga received here this morning
accounts for 314 survivors out of the 450
persons who were on board the German
training frigate Gneisenau, which foun
dered at the entrance to the port of Mala
ga yesterday, while she was taking refuge
from the terrible storm prevailing at the.
time.
The foundering of the Gnelsenau created
a most painful impression in Berlin, fol
lowing the, reception tendered the sailors
and marines from China yesterday. The
news spread rapidly throughout the city
this morning. Great crowds thronged the
Admiralty building and the Ministry of
Marine, inquiring as to the state of rela
tives. Many touching scenes were wit
nessed, Emperor William has received a
telegram of condolence from the Spanish
Queen Regent.
MALAGA. Dec. 17.— It is rumored that
the commander of the Gnlesenau commit
ted suicide when he saw that all was lost.
A nephew of the Imperial Chancellor,
Count von Bulow, named Berndt, was
among the saved, though he was injured
about the head. A sailor who survived
the wreck went mad as a result of his
experience. The first engineer, the as
sistant engineer and a number of petty
officers were drowned.
It is hoped that the guns, the treasure
chest and perhaps part of the hull will
be salvaged. ? . -
Of the 314 survivors, thirty-nine who
were injured were transported to the lo
cal hospital, 125 sheltered in the barracks
and 160 lodged In the town hall. The
municipality is providing for all.
Members of the German colony and
many Spanish ladies have offered to nurse
the Injured.
The flags over all the consulates are at
half-mast. |. - , .
Thirty-Six of Her Crew Are
Still Unaccounted
LOSS OF LIFE
ON GNEISENAU
The' vast majority of Hindoos do not
drink Intoxicants. .
The world Is llk» a piano— full of sharps
and flats. ¦ .
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 17.— Joseph Hoff
rer, a Russian, was arrested for killing 1
his six-month-old baby yesterday. Hoff
ner went to his home in a state of Intox
ication and attacked his wife while she
was holding the baby in her arms. ' H©
fell over on the child two or three times
and killed it. : ¦...,::
Falls on the Baby While Attempt-
ing to Beat His
Wife.
RUSSIAN KILLS
HIS INFANT CHILD
The engines of a first-class British man
of-war cost about £175,000.
FIRM STAND OF
THE TRAINMEN
Threaten to Strike in Sym
pathy With Telegraph
Oparators.
TOPEKA; Kans., Dec. 17.— General Man
ager Mudge of the Santa Pe left for Chi
cago this afternoon in his private c*ir. Mr.
Mudgo says his visit has absolutely noth
ing to do with the strike, but the strikers
say his visit there is occasioned by the
conference held ' between the officers of
the different trainmen's organizations and
the omcers of the read.
Mr. Dolphin, president of the Order of
Railway. Telegraphers, also left Tor Chi
cago to-night ana some interesting devel
opments may be looked for at once;
It is the purpose of the general manager
and the officers of the strikers and train
men's organizations to hold a conference
In Chicago to-morrow with J. W. M. Barr,
third vice president of the road.
When General Manager Mudge was ap
proached yesterday with the request that
he adjust the differences between the tele
graphers and the road he informed the
officers of the strikers that he could not
take such a step, and they would have to
interview Mr. Barr. The officers then
said they would present their grievances
to Mr. Barr at once.
The trainmen's officers, together with
the officers of the striking telegraphers,
will represent to Mr. Barr in Chicago to
morrow that the grievances of the tele
graphers should be settled at once. If he
refuses to take steps toward the settle
ment of the difficulties the officers will
then inform him that a strike may be ex
pected at once. • Part of the plan of the
officers is thought to be the setting of a
certain date upon which a strike will be
ordered if the telegraphers are not pro
vided for.
President Dolphin seemed very Jubilant
this evening over the ultimate outcome.
"You can just state," said he, "that our
cause is In a better condition right now
than it has been at any time yet. - 1 have
held conferences .with the officers- of the
different trainmen's organizations and I
am confident that they, are with us. Will
they strike In sympathy?. Well, it would
not be proper for me to answer that ques
tion, as it would show presumption, be
ing as I am not connected . with the or
ganizations. But things are coming our
way, all right." he added, with a confi
dent smile. . "I : know It. I have seen
strikes before, and I will say that I have
never known one to be any more favor
able than this one right now. y We will
win. That fact will be definitely estab
lished in a few' days. It may be Inside
of two days and it may not be for two
weeks. iB£llM?ffl' ( WlIj'iBMJJ)iOifcjiijQ j >
Favors Woman Suffrage.
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico, Dec.- 17.— In the
House of Delegates I to-day : Mr. Descarta
introduced a bill granting unrestricted
suffrage to women on the same terms as
men.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— A peculiar
question arose in the United States Su
preme Court to-day In a case from Idaho
on application for habeas corpus by
'"Jack" Davis, under sentence of execu
tion. The point was made that he was
convicted and sentenced to be hanged by
the Sheriff. Subsequently the law placed
hangings in charge of the Warden of the
State penitentiary. It was contended that
the old law was repealed and the new
law Inapplicable, being ex post "facto.
Justice Brown remarked that It would
make little difference to the accused who
executed him. and the decision of the
State court was affirmed, giving the Sher
iff the custody of the prisoner.
Condemned ICan Makes a Novel Plea
for a Writ of Habeas
Corpus.
COTJBT DECIDES THAT
DAVIS MUST HANG
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— A Journal 6pe
dal from London says: Embassador
Choate will. It is eaid, sail either on Sat
urday or the week afterward for the
United States, the death of his partner,
Charles C. Beaman, having rendered his
presence in New York necessary. It la
believed here that Embassador Choate
will not return to London. He Is not a
tich man, and his 21fe here as Embassa
dor entails not only the loss of profes
sional income but is likewise a heavy
drain on nis purse, as his salary is barely
sufficient to pay his house rent. This in
itff-lf made him disinclined to retain the
Krobarsadorehip for another four years.
find now that his partner in the firm of
Fvarte. Cho.ite & Beaman Is dead his re
turn to America for good has become
more than ever probable.
Owing: to Death of His Partner Els
Presence in New York Is
Necessary.
EMBASSADOB CHOATE
TO LEAVE ENGLAJJD
Miss Beatty. who is Dr. Denison's sten
ographer and private secretary, came to
Chicago from California three years ago.
CHICAGO, Dec 17.— Miss Lillian Beatty,
formerly of San Francisco, lies at the
repicer.ee of Dr. E. Lvman Denison. 5SC3
State street, hovering between life and
dr-ath as the result of a terrible fight with
a burglar to-night. l?or half an hour she
fought him. unaided, struggling back and
forth through three rooms, resisting until
the loss of blood from her ¦wounds sapp<"3
her strength. So bard was the tight that
her clothing was torn and half a dozei
chairs and a heavy operating table over
turned. During the scuffle the thief triad
to chloroform the girl and failing in that
beat her ¦with a heavv pair of shear*.
Before her strength failed he beat her
head against the floor until she became
unconscious. All he succeeded In getting
was $50 wtsrth of surgical instruments.
but Futile Fight in
Chicago.
Miss Lillian Beatty Puts Up a Plucky
The penalty asraintrt prize fighting, ac
cording to the State law. is from one to
ten years' imprisonment In the peniten
tiary for each offense.
CALIFORNIA GIBI/S
FIGHT WITH A BUBGLAB
It is believed the Mayor will sign the
ordinance, as it passed by a vote of 53 to
14.
According to the resolution adopted, no
permit* for Fparrir.g or boxing exhibi
tions can be issued br the Mayor, and the
Chief of Police is heid responsible for the
law being carried out.
nance by Almost Unanimous
Vote.
CHICAGO. Dec 17.— There 'will be ao
more prize fights heid in Chicago unlcFS
Mayor Carter Harrison vetj^s an ar.ti
figtst resolution almost unanimously
adopted by the City Council to-night. The
unsatisfactory ending of the Gans-Mc-
Govern contest at Tattcrsalls last Thurs
day night stirred up so much feeling that
the council decided that all pugilistic en
counters should be prohibited In the fu
ture.
Council Adopts Prohibitory Ordi-
END OF PirGjXISTIC
ElfCOUUTilfcLS HT CHICAGO
A Rome special says: The Messagero
asserts that the King of Italy Victor
Emanuel. has Informed the Premier,
Signor Saracco, that the Queen will be
come a mother about six months hence.
The Rev. William Rondon Pos is tak
ing legal action against John Alexander
der Dowle, the Zionist, of Chicago, claim
ins that he was libeled In the issue of
Dowie's Leaves of Healing of October 16.
in which publication the Rev. Mr. Pos Is
accused of fraud and immorality. Coun
sel for the plaintiff described Mr. Dowie
as a British subject, .said he was now in
Paris on his way to Switzerland and asked
for the court's permission to serve a writ
out of its jurisdiction. Leave was grant
ed, subject to Mr. Dowie having liberty
to appeal against the order.
Decoration for a Brave Woman. ¦
A special from Paris says: The cross of
the Legion of Honor has been confened
upon Madame Berosthorn, wife of the
Austrian Charge d'Affaires at Peking,' for
her heroic conduct and assistance to the
French during the siege of the legation.
Only one other foreign woman has been
thus decorated. She is Marie Schellenck,
a Belgian woman, who disguised her sex
and joined JCapoleon's army as a private
soldier, and become a corporal, a sergeant
and then a lieutenant.. She served seven
teen years, went through twelve cam
paigns and was . eight times .wounded.
Napoleon decorated her personally in 1508.
This Napoleonic affair is recalled in the
decoration of Madame Berosthorn, who,
with her husband, is rewarded for their
personal bravci.-y in defending the French
legation after Minister Pichon had I gone
to the British legation.
Next Year's Paris Salon.
A Paris special says: Next year's Salon
will be held May 1 to June 30 in the Grand
Palais des Beaux Arts, the one permanent
exposition building. There Is room for 1500
pictures and 500 drawings, besides sculp
ture. Artists can show only two works
each, as there Is space for 800 pictures less
than In the oM galleries. The varnishing
day will be April 30.
Keane Hade a Bishop.
A Rome special says: At the secret con
sistory held to-day the Pope appointed an
number of Bishops, including Monseignor
Keane, formerly rector of the Catholic
University at Washington, to the diocese
of Dubuque.
Italian Queen to Become a Mother.
In another editorial Dr. Parker urges
the magistrates to "apply the cat and
wipe out Hoolicanism."
Otherwise the paper is much the same
as usual, the p.dvertising columns being
filled with company prospectuses and the
news columns announcing "another ghast
ly East End tragedy."
Libeled by Dowie.
LONDON. Dec. 17.-The flrst issue of the
London Sun under the editorship of the
Rev. Dr. Joseph Parker, pastor of the
City Temple, appeared this afternoon. The
column where the day's betting is usually
published contains, under the caption
"Latest News, 1 ' "The wages of sin is
death" and other familiar texts, followed
up by vigorous protests against gambling.
The article declares "if a paper, cannot
live six days without pandering to the
gambler, the drunkard and sensualist let
it wither away."
Takes Charge of a London
Paper and Vigorously
Scores Gambling.
REV. DR. PARKER
AS A EDITOR
ATLANTA. Ga., Dec. 17.— The At
lanta Journal ¦ this afternoon
print? an Interview with former
President Cleveland, obtained by
a Ftaff correspondent at Mr.
Cleveland's home.
"In my opinion." said Mr. Cleveland,
"the great need of the Democratic party
Is a return to first principles. The Dem
ocratic party has not been fatally dis
organized, but it sadly needs rehabilita
tion on purely democratic iinec.
"What is the matter with the party?
It has. in my humble judgment, slmply
wandered off after strange gods. A large
mass of Democratic voters saw this be-
Mr, Crosby was very ambitious," said
the superintendent, "and not one man In
a thousand would have dared attempt
what he tried to do. It was through am
bition that he lost his life."
New Immigrant Station.
The new immigrant station on Ellis Isl
and was used for the first time to-day It
forms a marked contrast to the barge of
fice, with its dirty, dimly Uehted
cramped, penllke quarters. In place ol
worn floors and board partitions, grimy
and greasy, there are concrete floor* and
white, hard-surfaced plaster walls. In
stead of narrow, gloomy passages there
are spacious, well . lighted rooms. The
change from the old station to the new
one will be a welcome one to the immi
gration officials, as it will make their
work easier and pleasanter, and give them
more cheerful quarters. The hospital the
power house and the physicians' house
will not be ready for occupancy before
* ebruary. ,
Rich Purses Offered.
The Brooklyn Jockey Club, through its
secretary. Hugh D. Mclntyre, is out with
% lls I: of s.takes for the coming season.
All the stakes close on Wednesday Jan
uary 2. 1901. There are six stakes for
horses three years old and upward, four
for two-year-olds exclusively, and three
for three-year-olds. Of these stakes In
terest, of course, centers in the Brooklyn
handicap, which follows: The Brooklyn
handicap of $10,000, for tnree-year-olds and
upward;- $200 each, half forfeit, or only
$15 if declared by February 26; to the win
ner $8000. to the second $15000, and to the
third $500; weights to be announced Feb
ruary 1; one mile and a quarter.
Calif ornians in New York.
The following Californians are in New-
York: • From San Francisco— Miss O
Beardsley, at Grand Union: Miss G. \v'
Dean, at Netherland; H. Goldstein at
Broadway Central ; Captain W. O. Good
man, at Grand Union; G. Homer, at As
tor; W. Parry, at Navarre; H. Simmons,
at Gerard; I* Von Rosenberg, at Manhat
tan; D.. Watson and wife, at Holland- F
Zak, at Hoffman; H. Hough, at Marlborl
ough.
From Los Ang«les— W. Dteterle. at As
tor; J. A. Rlley, at Bartholdi; W< S Tun
per and wife, at Herald Square: V Vez
zetti, Mies Vezzetti, at Broadway Cen
tral.*
From Oakland— Misses Wellman. Mr*.
R, A.. Wellman, at Westminster.
. From San Jose— A. R. Carter, at Antor.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.-The first Chinese
trial to come before United States Com
missioner Gray since the Federal author
ities decided that too many Chinese were
finding it comparatively easy to get into
this country from Canada by way of
Malone will be soon heard at Ogdensburg
the case having recently come up. The
prisoner is Lon Fum, arrested last sum
mer at Malone for violating the Chine.se
exclusion act. The Chinese claims to have
been born in San Francisco and went
back to China arid was arrested when
about to return to his native home in
this country by way of Canada. An ai-
£ g , ,. father swore to his birth. Inspector
Ralph Izard of New York was present
with two Chinese from Mott street who
testified that they are acquainted with
the alleged father of the prisoner but
they were not aware max the prisoner
is his son. Their evidence went to show
that the prisoner had never beon out of
the rice fields until arrested iast sum
mer. The hearing was adjourned for a
week. '¦-.
Lost JAfe Through Ambition.
The marine superintendent of th° Whito
?£*! il ne k s authori *y for the .statement
that Mr. Crosby, who lost his life while
w&E* o? as » St in the work of d * v »ng the
Vvhite Star line steamer as reported from
yueenstown, was a young man who had
been chiefly in the Pacific service of the
Oceanic Steamship Company, havine
been an officer on the Doric, piylng be
tween San Francisco and China and
Japan.
Hereafter Chinese Cannot
Come in From Caiuda at
Thair Pleasure.
SUDDEN CHECK
TO SMUGGLING
fore the last election. They remained
quiet, but when the time came to vote
they said: "This is? not democracy," and
refused to support it.
"As I see it," said Mr. Cleveland.- "it
is the duty of Democrats everywhere to
aid in the rehabilitation of the party.
There are some signs of an Insistence
upon the necessity of a return to Dem
ocratic doctrines In the South, but they
are not so general as I would like to
see."
"What of the future?" was asked.
"With a sincere return to its old-time
doctrines," said he, "the old-time victo
ries of the Democratic party will certain
ly be won."
FORMER PRESIDENT GROVER CLEVELAND, WHO SAYS THE DEM
OCRATIC PARTY HAS WANDERED AFTER STRANGE GODS AND
ITS ONLY HOPE IS IN A RETURN TO FIRST PRINCIPLES.
CHICAGO, Dec. 17.— Men who In the past
have bitterly opposed each other in indus
trial contests filled Stelnway Hall at to
night's conference on arbitration, which
began here to-day. Both the day and
night sessions were taken up with papers
read by representatives of capital' and la
bor looking to the same end— a. cure for
strikes, from the tone of the addresses
it seemed plainly evident that both sides
were vigorously opposed to compulsory
arbitration, and if- a recommendation on
the subject of a .national board results
from the present gathering the recom
mendation wlil in all probability specify
that all. the board's work shall be along
the line of voluntary arbllration.
The night session was calied to order at
8 o'clock. After a few introductory re
marks by Franklin MacVeagn, the presid
ing officer* Henry W. Hoyt, president of
the National Founaers' Association, was
introduced. Mr. lloyt said in part:
"As long as the wage aarnei- beUevea oi
ls taught to arsume that society is in
league to rob h;m aB an individual of some
of the purchasing power of his services,
so long must society reckon with him in
his col.ective capacity. The employer who
elects to ignore this fact is as much of a
menace to the industrial peace as that
agitator who plays upon the prejudices
and inilames the passions of the men he
falsely serves. There is only one certain
rule o'f action. It was long ago called the
gold rule."
The next speaker was Samuel Gompers,
president of the American Federation ot
Labor. Mr.- Gompeis received a warm
welcome. At the outset Mr. Gompeis
stated that he decided to take positive
exception to statements that had been
made before the conference during the
afternoon. He had already, he said, ad
vised the gentleman whose remarks he in
tenued to critcize of his intention. Mr.
Gompers added:
"One of the things to which I took ex
ception was that, as an officer of the
Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad,
he should undertake In this conference to
present his side, the side of the railroad,
In a strike which Is still in progress, with
out a representative of the strikers being
here to present their side of the contro
versy. (Applause.) It seemed to me that
if the opportunity of this conference Is to
be taken advantage of for the presenta
tion of the railroad's side of this contro
versy due notice might have been given
to the representative of the Order of Hail
way Telegraphers. In order that he might
bo here to listen to what was said and re
fute it if necessary. (Applause.) .
"I am not prepared to say that what
the gentleman said was untrue. | but one
story is very good until the other side is
told."
Continuing. Mr. Gompers said that,
from the statement of the Santa Fe offic
ial, it would appear that all the over
tures toward conciliation or arbitration
In such disputes as that between the San
ta Fe and its telegraphers came from the
employers. Mr. Gompers asserted that,
on the contrary, where there had been
one offer from the side of associated cap
ital there have been hundreds on the side
of organized .labor. The employes, he
said, had become accustomed to hear
their proffers of conciliation met with
the answer that there is "nothing to ar
bitrate." He added, however, that he
was not unmindful of the fact that there
was a growing disposition on the part
of the employers toward a more concilia
tory policy. This condition, Mr. Gompers
believed.-was due to the growing strength
of organized labor. . -
Conciliation between ' two parties hav
ing diverse interests, he paid, Is only pur
sued when they have either equal power
or nearly equal 'power.
Though admitting that strikes ought to
be avoided in the interest of both capital
and labor, Mr. Gompers declared that
there were some evils* more dreadful
than strikes. He addod:
"We strike. People in China do not
strike. I wonder whether those who
would punish the workers for striking
would like to change the condition from
that which obtains In our country to
that which obtains in China. If the ab
sence of strikes was the measure of civ
ilization, then China nnght. to stand at
the hend of the world. (Laughter -and
applaupe.1
In conclusion he said:
"We shall insist upon the rlpht to onlt
work whenever the work becomes lrk
some to us, and we shall always insist on
our right to strike for any reason or for
no reason at all.
The session ad_1ourr»ed until to-morrow.
Samuel Gompers Criticizes Santa Fej
Representative for Manner in
' -» ' Which. He Refers to Teleg
raphers.
Day's Session of the Arbi
tration Conference at
Chicago.
MEET TO DISCUSS
CURE FOR STRIKES
WASHINGTON. Dec 17.— In the United
States Supreme Court to-day argument
was bceun la two crimes, the decision of
•which Is exr>ected to fix the status"' ot
Porto Rico and the Philippine Islands and
other insu'.ar possessions acquired
through the war with Spain, with respect
to the United Stales proper; to say
¦whether their people are citizens and to
indicate whether the constitution follows
the flag.
Ore of the cases is that of John H.
Goetze. who in June. iS?9. imported from
I'orto Kico a quantity of ieaf toba-cco into
the United States rhroush the port uf
New York and protested against the as
sessment of/ duty on ihe importation.
coLizoir^s that the tobacco was not sub
jevt to Cuiy because '. Porto Rico at ihe
time of Importation was not a foreign
country, an<1 because, therefore, the mi
iw.sition of cutks on soodn brought from
a place withlr. the territory of t'ne
United Rta.tes into a port of the U'nii.-d
fetates Is not lawful and valid undor the
constitution."'
The Coliertcr of the Port and the Board
of General Appraisers both ruied agal::.u
him. a? did me l'n 4 ted Suites Circuit
<_"ourt tor the Southern District of Nt'* :
York, when Ooetze took the case before
that tribunal. From tne cp.nion of tii^t
court the importer apo<-alPtl to thi» United
States Supreme Court.
The other case is known a.-: the fourteen
diamond ring ease. In that case the
claimant is one Manuel Pepke. w!»o
served as a so'dier of the United States
in Luzon. Philippine Islands. While there
he purchased or acquired the rings in
question and brought them to the United
States without paying duty on them,
some time in the yes>r 1899, between Juiy
SI and SeDt«»m,bt;r 2o. Tlu rings were
seized on May IS. 1909, at Chicago, by a
I'nlied States" cusioms officer, as mer
chandise lla.ble to duty which should have
be«n invoiced, and was fraudulently im
ported and brought into the United States
contrary to Jaw. An Information for the
forfeiture of the rings was iii*"d on behalf
of the Government June 1. l«tt. to which
the claimant pleaded, .setting up that at
the time he acquired the property Luz«n
was a part of the territory of the United
States and that the seizure was contrary
to the claimant's rights as a citizen of the
Tr.ited States under ihe constitution, ai:d
particularly under section 2. article 4,
thereof, ar.d he insisted that under artlcl-,«
1. section S, Congress is required to set*
that a!l taxes and duties shall be uniform
throughout the ITnitod States. To this
plea the United State* demurred, and up
on hearing of the demurrer the District
Court pave judgment of forfeiture to tlw
Government. This judgment the elaimai;'.
removed into the Supreme Court by a
writ of error.
Edward C. Perkins of counsel for
Goetze. asked that the Porto Rico case
and that involving the status of the Phil
ippines be combined. The Attorney-Gen
eral assented to this and it was arranged
that each side should have five hours.
The opening argument in behalf of Goetza
was then begun bv Mr. Brown of the
counsel for the appellant.
Mr. Perkins' ar^uim-iit wps in progress
when, at 4:30 p. m. . the court adjourned
until to-morrow, when Mr. Perkins will
continue and the other counsel will be
fcsard. The five hours on each side wh'ch
the court has allowed will extend the
hearing throuph to-morrow and part of
the next day if all the time if occupied.
the Flag.
Both Based on Claim That Islands
Are Part of the United States
£jid Constitution Follows
Opening of Two Test Cases
Before the Supreme
Court.
FIXING STATUS
OF PORTO RICO
Former President Cleveland Says Party
Is Not Disorganized but Needs
Rehabilitation.
DEMOCRATS MUST GO BACK
TO ORIGINAL PRINCIPLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18. 1900.
FHOE>JIX. Dec. 17.— Acting Governor Akera
to-day appointed James Bark. A. C. McQueen
and Burt Mosslnan delegates to the fourth an
nual convention of the National Livestock As
sociation at Salt Lake City. January 15.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.-Colonel Aldac©
F. Walker, chairman of the board of di
rectors of the Atchlson. Topeka and Santa
Fe, just returned from a trip West, says
the Atchlson will within a few days put
on 500 new refrigerator cars to meet the
needs of the California fruit trade.
3
MRS. MARY ENOELHARDT.
weak spots and drives them out of the
system."
MRS. MARY ENGELHARDT.
"For more than ten years I had suffered
with what the doctcrs termed female
trouble; also heart trouble, with swelling
of the feet and limbs. Last summer I felt
so badly that I thought I had not long to
live. I consulted doctor after doctor and
took their medicines, but felt no better.
The physicians told me my kidneys were
not affected, but I felt sure that they were
the cause of my trouble. A friend recom-
mended me to try Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and I must say I derived immense
benefits almost from the first week. I
continued the medicine, taking it regular-
ly, and I am now in splendid health. The
pains and aches have all gone. I have rec-
ommended Swamp-Root to all my friends,
and told them what it has done for me.
I will gladly answer any one who desires
to write me regarding my case. 1 most
heartily indorse Swamp-Root from every
standpoint. There Is such a pleasant taste
to Swamp-Root, and it goes right to. the
"You have no Idea how well I feel. 1
am satisfied that I do not need any more
medicine, as I am In as good health as I
ever was In my life." So says Mrs. Mary
Enselharfit of 2835 Madison street, St.
Louis, Mo., to a reporter of the St. Louis
Globe-Democrat.
Women as Well as Men Are Made Miserable by
Kidney and Bladder Trouble.
DIDN'T KNOW SHE HAD KIDNEY TROUBLE.
Gentlemen— Tn justice to you. I feel It is.. my duty to send you an acknowledge-
ment of the receipt of the sample bottle of Swamp-Root you so kindly sent me. I
had bef n out of health for the past five years with kidney and bladder trouble. Had
our best physicians prescribe for me. They would relieve me for the time being, but
the old complaint would in a short time return again. I sent for a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root, and I found It did me a world of good. Since then I have taken eight
small bottles bought at my drugstore, and I consider myself permanently cured. It
seemed as though my back would break in two after stooping. I do not have to get
up during the n!ght to urinate, as I formerly did three or four times a night, but
now sleep the skep of peace. My back is all right again, and In every way I am a
new man. Two of my brother officers are still using Swamp-Root. They, like my-
self, cannot say too much In praise of It. It Is a boon to mankind. We recommend It
to all humanity who are suffering from any kidney, liver or bladder troubles.
My brother officers (whos a signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself,
thank you for the blessing you have brought to the human rare in the compounding
of Swamp-Root. We remain, yours very truly
JAMES COOK.
Officers of th*- 65th Police Precinct. HUGH E. BOYT.IC,
Greater New York. JOHN J. BODKIN.
65TH POLICE PRECINCT.
GREATER NEW YORK. Oct. 11. 1900.
Dr. Kilmer & Co.. BitiBhamton. N. T.:
So when your kidneys are weak or oat
of order you can understand how quickly
your entire body Is affected, and how
every organ seems to fall to do Its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly" begin
taking the famous new discovery. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp- Root, because as soon as
your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will
convince any one.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
sponsible for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, and IT permitted
to continue fatal results are sure to fol-
low. Kidney trouble Irritates the nerves.
makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and
Irritable. Makes you -was water often
during the day and obliges you to get up
many times during the night. Causes
puffy or dark circle* under the eyes,
rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the blad-
der, pain or dull ache In the back, joints
and muscles, makes your head ache and
back ache, causes indigestion, stomach
and liver trouble; you get a sallow, yel-
low complexion; makes you feel as though
you had heart trouble; you may have
plenty of ambition, but no strength; pet
jreak and waste away.
The cure for these troubles Is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the world-famous kid-
ney remedy. In taking: Swamp-Root yon
afford natural help to nature, for
Swamp-Root Is the most perfect healer
and gentle aH to the kidneys that Is
known to medical science.
If there is any doubt in your mind as to
your condition, take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place It In a
glass or bottle and let tt stand twenty-
four hours. If on examination it is milky
or cloudy, if there is a brlckdust settling.
or if small particles float about in It, your
kidneys are in need of immediate atten-
tion.
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and Is
used In the leading hospitals, recommend-
ed by physicians in their private practice
and is taken by doctors themselves who
have kidney ailments, because they recog-
nize in It the greatest and most successful
remedy for kidney, liver and bladder trou-
bles.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root la what you need, you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and tl sizo
bottles at the drugstores everywhere.
EDITORIAL NOTICE.— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney. Liver and Bladder Remedy. is so remarkably successful that a
special arrangement has been mode by which all readers of the "Call" who have not already tried it may hare a sample bottle tent
absolutely free by mail. A<so a book tell,ng all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of tesiimonicl le tors received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root Be sure and mention reading this generous
cffer in the San Francisco Daily " Call " when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, HI. Y.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood-
that is their work.
It used to be considered that only urin-
ary and bladder troubles were to be traced
to th» kidneys, but now modern science
proves that nearly all diseases hare their
beginning In the disorder of these most
Important organs.
How to Find Out if You
Need Swamp-Root.
Reporters Haie ConYincing Interviews With Prominent People Regarding Wonderfol Cures by Swamp-Root
To Prove What the World-Famous Discovery, SWAMP-ROOT, Will Do
for YOU, Every Reader of the "Call" May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
Curative Properties of Swamp=Root
DB. XILMEB'S SWAMP-ROOT.
'¦'."*
fl'«i!w/ tti'l HI Out-of-town orders filltd— writs for
vlllSfJIra Hi Ha samples and self-mtasunng blank.
§h0!«ij . rnnfSI T1S Market Street and
Jt°sSS ! vIer^ Cop. Powell and Eddy*TOM HERMAN. WHO IS MATCHED TO FIGHT GEORGE BAKER BE
FORE THE RELIANCE CLUB. THE WINNER OF THIS CONTEST
WILL MEET TERRY McGOVERN. THE NEW YORK TERROR.
a hurricane flg-hter, and the way in which
he smashed Billy Decoursey around the
ring at the Reliance Club at the last
meeting is enough to make his backers
very enthusiastic. Baker is training un
der Spider Kelly at San Jose, and the
Spider says that Baker is a "comer."
Both sides seem very confident, and there
is a great deal of interest attached to the
fight.
Not a little interest attaches to the fight
between Joe Greg, a full-blooded Indian,
and Charles Hawley of San Francisco.
These will fight ten rounds at 140 pounds.
George Ourran and Kid Finnerty will try
ten rounds at each other at 118 pounds.
vista of embarrassments and expense
stretching before him and decides to
bolt; he claims to be able to make $o00
a month if freed from the alleged perse
cutions of Lottridge. and asks for the
annulment of the contract, and for an
injunction .as stated.
In an interview last evening. "Tommy
Lottridgre stated that he was unaware
that any dissatisfaction existed on thf
part of Willie Coburn or his mother. an.|
that he only learned of a suit being in
stituted on reaching Berkeley after the
races yesterday. Coburn was loaned tn
"Walter Jennings last spring to do th«
lightweight riding for that turfman's
stable on the Eastern tracks, but the
boVs saddle work did not please, and he
was discharged. When the season opened
at Oakland. Coburn came out here with
S. W. Street's stable. The Judges de
clared the contract held by Atkin &
Lottridge to be valid, and the rider said
he was perfectly willing to go back- to
his old employers. No objection was of
fered at the time by Cobum's uncle or
mother, and the incident was considered
closed.
Hot Six-Round Bout, but No Decision
Is Rendered.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 17.— Gus Ruhlin
and Peter Maher met to-night at the Penn
Art Athletic Club in a six-round contest
that proved to be one of the fastest and
most furious bouts of that length between
heavy-weights which has been seen fc#
some time. Under the local laws no de
cisioiis are permitted, Judgment as to the
outcome being left to the spectators. The
consensus of opinion was that Ruhlin had
by far the better of the right and clearly
outclassed the Irishman, notwithstanding
Maher put up one of the gamest battles
that he Has ever done. Both men were in
excellent shape, and from the first sound
of the bell to the end of the fight went at
it hammer and tongs.
Maher was especially active in the first
three rounds, after which he did not show
the same form, but apparently avoided
the heavy swings of Ruhlin. Attendance
4000.
Secure Verdict for S25.OOO.
A verdict for $25,000 damages in favor of
Hugh L. and Helen K. Shea and their
mother, Agnew W/ Shea, and against the
Pacific Power Company, was found by a
Jury In Judge Hunt's court yesterday. On
May 4. 1900, the father of the children
named and husband of the last named
plaintiff was killed by the explosion of a
boiler at the power house operated by t!i.j
defendant corporation, and suit for dam
ages was instituted, with the result as
stated.
RUHLIN MEETS MA HER.
IN a formidable series of legal docu
ments filed in the Superior Court of
Alameda County yesterday Jockey
Willie Coburn, through his mother as
guardian, accused Thomas "W. Lott
ridge, the well-known horseman, of at
tempting to blackmail him for $2500 on the
strength of an obsolete contract, and of
backing up his attempt by a threat of sys
tematically "knocking"" him on all the
racetracks of the United States. For all
this Willie Coburn asks for an Injunction
from the honorable court forbidding said
defendant to "knock" as aforesaid, or at
all. I
The complaint recites that in January,
1S97. Mary Coburn. the jockey's mother,
apprenticed the then but 13-year-old rider
to Lottrldge for a period of five years.
Mrs. Coburn was to be paid as follows:
Ten dollars a month for the first year. $20
a month for the second year. $30 a month
and $10 extra for winning mounts in the
third year, $30 a month and $15 for win
ning mounts in the fourth year and $40 a
month and $15 for .winning mounts in the
fifth year. Lottridge was also to have the
right to hire the boy out to other owners.
This contract Willie now repudiates as
illegal in itself and for the additional rea
son that his employer last spring cut him
loose without a shilling In New York,
having compelled him to go there against
his will. He further alleges "that at the
time of paid discharge the plaintiff, as
defendant well knew, was an utter
stranger in New York and utterly without
means to obUiin for himself common
necessaries of V.te and in danger of starv
ing, and that defendant wilfully refused
to make any provision whatever for the
maintenance of plaintiff, and wholly aban
doned plaintiff at said city of New I'ork.'.
Further the complaint says ""the defen
dant, well knowing the great demand for
the services of the plaintiff as a jockey
and rider, of race horses on race tracks
throughout the United States, has for
one year or more last past followed
plaintiff about from race track to race
track and has complained to Judges and
other authorities of race tracks, ' caus
ing Jockey Coburn great loss by trying
to prevent his riding for any other
owner; that the Judges have invariably
decided in the jockey's favor, but that
"nevertheless the raid defendant, Lott
ridge, is now threatening that unless the
said mother of the plaintiff shall pay him
the sum of $2,500 he will continue his com
plaints; whereat Coburn sees a continuous
Mother of the Rider Says His Employer Is
Trying to Ruin Him and Seeks
Aid From the Courts.
JOCKEY COBURN AND
LOTTRIDGE AT OUTS
The first examination for the advanced
eighth grade, open to grammar, pupils;
took" place yesterday at the ,' Lowell and
Girls' High Schools. Six hundred and
twenty-five pupils took the examination;
and of this number 400 were girls. Geogra
phy and spelling will be to-day's subject. '¦
Six Hundred Take Examinations.
¦ There is a general complaint at the
health office from ( the residents of Ocean
View regarding the unsanitary condition
of that place. At the present time there
are over thirty children down with diph
theria, and during the past month there
were over thirty deaths from the same
cause." The Board of Health and the
School Department were forced to close
the branch school on Sadowa street.
Unsanitary Condition of Ocean View.
The Congregational Chinese Mission, at
21 Brenham place, was the scene of a pret
ty wedding ceremony at 8 o'clock last
evening, when Miss- Lucy Lee, a Chris
tianized Chinese . girl of 19, became the
wife of Goon 8ing, a well educated and
versatile-Mongolian chef. The bride was
educated at the mission. She had spoken
to her nance • but - twice before the . wed
ding, the arrangements for the marriage
having been made by Goon Sing and the
bride's. parents. The bride wore an elab
orate gown composed -of many; colors and
spangled ornaments. 'The two children of
Rev. Gee Gan acted as flower girls. The
ceremony: was performed by . Rev. W. C.
Pond and was witnessed by over one hun
dred guests. "¦
Pretty Chinese "Wedding.
Auditor Wells and Expert Williams put
a diffeient interpretation on the condition,
of the city's liabilities. Wells' estimate
showed a total liability In claims and
Judgments of W89.402 59. This amount was
questioned by the Mayor, and he gave in
structions to Expert Williams to investi
gate. The expert now claims that over
1100,000 of Judgments was included in the
Auditor's statement which should have
been omitted. The Auditor's clerks have
been ordered to go over the statement to
discover the. alleged error.
Claims Auditor Erred.
The election of Jeremiah F. Collins to
the Assembly from the Twenty-ninth Dis
trict has been contested by Thomas J.
Horan on the pround of alleged general
misconduct on the part of election officers
A contest to *he election of C. R. Frank
lin to the Assembly from the Twenty
eighth District has also been contested
by Eugene F. Lacy. The grounds are
similar to those in the Butler and Collins
contests.
The election of John Butler to the As
sembly from the Thirty-third District has
been contested by Joseph H. Strand.
Strand makes no specific allegations of
fraud, but avers that improperly marked
ballots were counted for Butler, which re
sulted in his receiving a majority.
Three Election Contests.
The ladles of the Red Cross Society are
much gratified as to the generous response
of the public to the appeal for contribu
tions for the Christmas presents to be do
nated to the sick soldiers at the Presidio.
Handsome gifts have been recelved o from
H. S. Crocker & Co., Payot Upham & Co.,
Cunningham. Curtiss & Welch,' A. Mack
& Co.. the City of ParlB, O'Connor, Mof
fatt & Co.. Murphy. Grant & Co.. M. A.
Gunst & Co. and other prominent whole
sale houses. The ladies of the society still
desire many things, such as toilet articles
perfumes, neckties and such trifles as will
be appreciated by the sick men. Contri
butions can be sent to Mrs. J. F. Merrill,
1732 Washington street, or to the rooms
of the society in the Hearst building.
Desire Gifts for Sick Soldiers.
"Indian" Joe Gregg was on the war
path with a vengeance last night, but he
met a paleface equally as fierce as him
self In Billy Kelly and they battered each
other for ive rounds in good old Marquis
of Queensberry fashion. The redskin was
minus his head feathers, war paint and
Staahawk, but his two lists served I him
to ereat advantage. He pummeled his
rival 'and was beaten in return, but
neither could gain the ascendancy The
bout they fought before the Bay Cit>
Athletic Club was a "hammer and tongs"
affair '"After four rounds the judges were
unable to decide a winner ."£*""«£*
round was called. At the end of the con
test the men were even up on aggressive
work and the referee properly called it a
draw. .-i-^i- X. nvi^"
Frank Neil was too much for . Kid
Goldie. and ended the liter's hopes in the
second round. .Neil cornered Mb man and
sent out his left repeatedly and with such
damae'nK effect that Sergeant
Sped the bout before half the distance
was Eone Jerry Fairbanks concluded he
had enough 'after slugging three rounds
with Clem Richards. "Fuzzle > V. l 4Yi
dimmed the pugilistic asplratlona of B ll
lie" Zwerin two minutes after the gong
sounded. Three punches on Zwerin s
stomach caused the latter to lose his ap-
Pe jim Williams made an ideal punching
bag for Bob Thompson for four rounds.
Thompson was not a world beater In ms
class, but the Judges had to award him
the decision. Willie Schoenbeln lasted two
rounds before- "Spider" Joe Welch.
Schoenbeln was clever and did not lack
grit, but his tall opponent had the longer
reach and the stiffer punch. The bout
was a pretty one while it lasted. Against
an opponent his. size Schoenbeln would
have put up a better fight. s P lder ,.
Welch is coming along rapidly and^ will
soon be aspiring for higher pugills-Uc
Hawley was given a dedslon
over Thomas Burke after four fast
rounds. Hawley was the more aggressive,
but his opponent was a glutton for pun
ishment and came back at Hawley with
heavy swings. There never was a doubt
as to Hawley's chances of •winning. Hq
simply bided his time and sent in heavy
punches on Burke's head. "Nobby" Otta,
a brother of the clever lightweight, made
"Soldier" Billy Abrams quit in half a
round. Abrams fell down without being
hit and, wfls loudly Jeered by the disgust
ed spectators.
T. J. Cronln'a Vixen vs. P. McCabe's Fair
I.lllle; Sterl & Knowlea' Ripple vs. F. A. llc-
Ccn;b's Bona Fide; George Sharman's Bowery
Boy vs. Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon; Curtis A
Sons' Warpath vs. Captain Clarkson's Head
¦water; E. Sweeney's Cottage. La«s vs. J. J.
Krenan's (namw) SlelKhbells: Curtis & Sons'
Fashion Plate vs. J. J. Keenan's (names) Lun
dln Lilnks: P. Moore's " Thorndale vs. P. J.
Kellly's Moonbrisrht; J. McEnroe's Admiral
Sampson vs. R. E. de B. Lopez &. Son's Minnie
Wa Wfti Curtis & Sons' Kibosh vs. Curtis &
Son*' Cash: George Shaman's St. Ives vs. O.
Zahl's Tony Bowers; P. J. Reilly's Plow Boy
vs. James Hurley's Hurricane; H. Lynch's
Lmton vs. George Bharman's Miss Skyrocket;
J. H. PerrlRO's Controller vs. Curtis & Sons'
McKlnley; Aeneid Kennels' Aethra vs. Cap
tain Clarkson'i Flower of Gold; Pasha, Ken
rels' Rollicking Airs vs. O*Connell Brothers'
St. Helen; R. E. de B.- Lopez & Son's Eager
vs. \V. J. Lennon'n Daylight: L. a. Hodgklns'
Talm Flower vs. F. A. McComb's Patriot: J.
H. Perigo'« Lady Davenport vs. F. McCool's
Fin McCool; J. McEnroe's Magic Circle vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Athena; H. H. Walker's Cora
Pearl vs. R. L. Taylor's Brilliant Beauty; T.
J. Cronln'e Wild Tralee vs. R. E. de B. Lopez
& Son's Warrtgo; George Sharman's St. Val
entine vs. Pasha Kennels.' Roguish Antics;
James Hurley's O K Capitol vs. George Shar
man's Annie Laurie: Pasha Kennels' R<*al Las
*lt vs. T. J. Crnnln'i Thomhill; P. McCabe's
CtalK Boy vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne;
V. BaumelFter's Los Angeles v«. J. C. O'Don
r.ell's The Owl; H., Lynch's Clalrborne • vs. T.
Tlerney's Lucretla Borgia; Curtis ¦& Sons'
Kcho vs. H. ¦ A. Deckelman's Flyaway; Rterla
A Knowles' Amarosa vs. J. J. Keenan's Dread
naught; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Usurer vs.
I'ehha Kennels' May Hempstead; P. J. Roilly's
Peter West vs. C. Ryan's Rival: Curtis & Sons',
Ruslnante vs. H. Lynch's Lyddite.
The midweek stake to be decided at
Union Coursing Park to-morrow, on the
arrival of the 10:15 a. m. train, was drawn
at Pythian Castle last night. Some fast
doers are entered and the candidates are
eaid to be evenly matched. A feature of
the day will be the performance of
Fashion Plate, entered by Curtis & Sons.
This will be watched with deep interest
by the experts, as the entry is from the
litter of Beacon-Rockette. Following is
the result of the drawing:
Off at the Popular Park
To-Morrow.
SPEEDY DOGS WILL
COURSE AT UNION PARK
Midweek Stake of Merit to Be- Run
The racetrack interests were looked
afttr by W. J. Martin of the South San
Francisco Land and Improvement Corn-
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 17.— At a meet
ing held here to-day by the Board of
Supervisors, the petition limiting horse
racing in this county was again con
sidered. As Tanforan Park is the only
place in this county where the sport I*
conducted, the movement could be said to
be directed against that track. Rev. J.
J. Martin and F. H. Maar. representing
the petitioners, spoke eloquently on the
evils of the racecourse and asked that
immediate action be taken.
Limited Season.
the Petition Asking for a
San Mateo Board Defers Action on
SUPERVISORS CONSIDER
RACETRACK QUESTION
The new rcore card or programme at
Tanforan is a decided improvement over
the old single sheet, which was just nine
ty-nine years old when abolished.
Kilty's ride on Courtier was entitled
to a place In some comic almanac.
F. Kelly, a Stockton boy, who rode Ada
N. is though', to be a coming Jockey. He
docs extremely well for the short experi
ence he has had.
Atlantic Club. Mr. Yaeger is described
as a handicapper and speculator from
away back, and together with Pat Shan
non cleaned up about $80,000 on the Chi
cago tracks.
Nineteen books chalked up prices in the
ring.
Ben Riley, who replaces Bob McGibben,
announced the results through a mega
phone.
Saddle honors fell to Mounce, who pi
loted three winners.
Articles of incorporation of the Chil
dren's Protective Association were filed
yesterday. The name of the corporation
bespeaks the purpose for , which it was
formed. The directors are: James D.
Phelan, C. Mason Klnne, George C. .Per
kins, A. Van der Naillen Jr., Mary C
Brooke w. F. McNutt. Isaac. Upham',
James M. Seawell. Lydia A. Prescott Su
san H. Whiting and Phoebe B. Whitfleld.
rectors of a New Humanitarian
Corporation.
Prominent Residents Named as Di-
CHILDREN'S PROTECTIVE
ASSOCIATION ORGANIZES
One mile— Bloomfleld finished first but vrn<
disqualified. Belle Simpson won. I>omadge
second. Star Cotton third. Time 1:45U '
Five furlongs, selling— Animosity won Di
vonne second. Gracious third. Time, T03
Mile' and a quarter, sellinc— Admetus won.
Silver Coin second, Hood's Brigade third Time
2:12. *
Mile, handicap — Frangible won, Ida Ledford
second. Mint Sauce third. Time, 1-43
Seven furlongs, selling— Locust Blossom won
Jurist- Magee second. Heroics third. Time 1-31
Six furlongs, sellinK— Sir Chrletoul-er ' won
lMggrs eecond, JDousterswlvel third. . Time!
1:16^3.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 17.— Fair
weather favored to-day's racing, but this
track was slow. Summary:
Results at New Orleans.
The District Attorney said that the pro
posed ordinance was illegal. No decis
ion was reached, and Chairman McEvoy
sald that the matter would be continued
until the next meeting, two weeks hence,
me petitioners and others were requested
to attend and present data which would
enable the board to arrive at a fair and
just decision on that date.
After some deliberation Supervisor Til
ton moved that the petition be denied.
This was defeated: Ayes— Tilton. Cole
man. Noes— McAvoy, McCormack, J.
Debenedetti.
pany. He called attention to the great
amount of money expended by the Tan
foran Association, and of the many fam
ilies dependent upon its payroll in the
first township. .Mr. Martin said that if
the racing season were restricted, the
sport, which was now in good hands,
would fall into disrepute.
Superintendent Clayton of the electric
railroad company mentioned the fact
that his line was encouraged greatly by
the travel to Tanforan: that If the sea
son were shortened the projected exten
sion to San Mateo might not be com
pleted.
Amateur Boxers Batter One Another
for the Edification of
Sports.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— The biggest
card that the Reliance Athletic
Club has offered this year will
be put on to-morrow (Tuesday)
• night at the clubrooms in this
city. It Is a card of more than local
Interest, for the winner of the main event,
the- tight between Tom Herman and
George Baker, will make a match with
Terry McGovern.
The Herman-Baker fight will be of fif
teen rounds, and from the character of
the men this will be quite lonff^enough
for -a satisfactory % decision. Herman is
INDIAN AND PALEFACE
MEET IN THE RING
The change from Oakland to Tanforan
Park worked no beneficial result In the
performance of favorites, four heav-lly
hackod short-priced horses meeting de
feat reopening day at the San Mateo
County track. The card, not a very en
ticing one to bepln with, wore a shattered
look after own«rs had done with the
scratching blank, and. besides, failed to
attract the usual large attendance. The
track was muddy, and in an endeavor to
pick the dry going on the outside, some
rather peculiar tactics were resorted to
by two or three riders.
Beyond doubt, the severest blow dealt
the crowd was when Tappan grot the ver
dict from Walkenshaw b" a nope at the
finish of the mile purse run. Andy. Biake
ley's brown horse was heralded as a "Teal
Hindoo" in the rnud, causing the short
price of 3 to 5 to be accepted a.bout him.
At the start Coburn. on Astor. 'a 15 to 1
phot, went out In front, with the favorite
and Tappan trailing leisurely in his wake.
Turning into the stretch, Coburn went
very wide, carrying both Tappan and the
choice to the outside fence. Simmered
down to a drive, Dominick, astride Tap
pan, held his own with O'Connor, and on
the last jurnp, received the verdict. As
tor was third, beaten only a length.
Almost any one of the nine starters In
the first event, a five-furlong: scramble
for two-year-olds, looked to have a
chance, with the closing odds slightly
favoring Courtier, the entry of Louis
Ezell. Coming from the far rear, Mounce
pot home first with Cou?ar. beating the
12 to 1 chance. Ada X. Kiley lost all the
ground possible with the favorite, finally
managing to take show honors.
Mounce followed up this pood piece of
raddle work by capturing the seven-and
oxie-half-furlong run next decided, with
Hohenlohe. a 20 to 1 shot. Pat Dunne's
T^ainachus ruled favorite in the ring, but
despite Winnie O'Connor's desperate rid
ing, the outsider scored somewhat clever
ly by a length. At the head of the
Ftretch. Gllssando. which made, the run
ning, looked all over a winner, when Co
burn, by a wide turn, lost fully half a
dnzen lengths.
Toah. from the Corri^an stable, came
over from Ingrleside. and. with J. Waldo
up. took the second five-furlong dash for
two-year-olds. Well ridden, the filly was
hard pressed at the frilsh to down Ada
N a neck. Thracia ran a Hnse third.
In a race run at Oakland on December
B EFr'rardo displayed sneed for a panel
or two. and then settled back to rest In
the rear of the bunch. In the fourth
event yesterday, heavily played, the blacl%
gilding: loafed* along behind the 7 to In
choice Genua until >*raiphtened for home,
¦when Dominlck gradually let out his
wraps, winning under restraint. Moun
tain Vl*>w from "Doc" Street's stable,
•crhich finished third, broke down.
Only five faced the barrier In the sev
en-furlonfr event for maros excluslvelv.
The Lady, with Kilev in the saddle, ruled
favorite, and with 116 pounds tip von eas
ily from Preiudice. The Litter f.lly was
unfortunate in getting a poor start. How
ever, from the way the winner came in
it is doubtful whether the. result would
have been different under other condi
tions.
Following are to-day's entries:
(CcprtUtbtia. lPno, by TV. A. Martin. All rtffhts
1UUK4.)
Flrrt race—Five furlor.ps; three-year-olds:
purfe.
14S2 Durk^y f>2 14TA Fcrmatus V"S
i;<* Hiram Jrhr.son.10! 1402 Favcrito I*1?
13K3 Mac L*ren 105 Random Ittt
<li:2)Eva Mrw? 102 llt« I^»ipFi<-. lf>2
1371 Druidess 102 1370 Itaeetto 102
fveonfl race—5lx furlonjrs; two-year-olds:
pilTTC.
1455 Billy Lyons....U5| .... Marshall KeH.'.llS
Cantinus 113] fl3M>Brutal 113
147,1 Arpregor ....... 110 > 14?3 Litmus 105
Third iii>' Pf ffii furlongs: thr^e-year-oHs
firri Bpvnurtf, falling.
14<* Good Hope ttSi 137" Chateau 99
1477 Col. Root ...,,.ini| .... Pimon D Ki
MM Our L1k> ....lin'n4KS)Osmon<l 1<>4
1470 Billy Moore ...111 1416 Majrnus 19'.
14*7 Lomond 1"2 1496 Isaline S<9
Fourth race—Feven furlongs; three-ypar-olds
anfl ur'-ard: felling.
.... Tastf l«] 14?<5 St. Woed 107
HR? Owpnrboro Wl 1S«« rrHo 1«4
1494 Ale* MS 14«'i I'aPtakc 1"7
I4'T Fl«m<ro l«4i 1457 Twinkle Twlnk.104
1«7 Fir KinFFton...lo:,i 1437 Boundlee »»
ZZn Cyril lOfl
Fifth race—Five furlowre: three-year-olds;
purse.
King'* Pal 10-: r«2«)Alary"s Garter.1"2
14C2 Pamhoulia 1^2 14M Anjou 105
14*1 Herculean 1»2 147^ Fpike 102
1451 MrNamara ....1C2 S17 Beautiful Bill..11"
1422 Foul Play ....1C2 1470 Finch 102
1456 St. Anthony.... 1*>2
Flxth rare—Six and a half furlongs; two
y~ar-oMs: selling.
12S3 Nellie Foreet... 99; 14fiS David S IV,
14^<- Handy Jim K* 1476 Galanthus 141
1SE2 Bernota 1^3
Probable Winners.
Flrrt race—MacLaren. Formatus, Hiram
Johnson.
Second rare—Brutal, Marshal Neil. Argregor.
Third race—Our Lizzie, Go<m1 Hope. Lomond.
Fourth rare—Alee. Castake. Owensboro.
Fifth race—Alary's Garter. Bamboulia, Beau
tiful Bill.
Sixth rare—Bernota. Galanthus. David 8.
_
Track Notes.
Colonel TV. E. Applegate was an ob
per\er of prices in the bettinp ring. He
arrived here from the South on Sunday.
Joe Yaeg-er cut in under name of the
By F. E. Mulholland.
Walkenshaw, at Short Odds, Beaten a N6se by Old Tappan.
Hohenlohe, a 2O to 1 Chance,- Furnishes One of the Sur r
FOUR CHOICES DISAPPOINT
THE FAITHFUL AT TANFORAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1900.
RELIANCE CLUB OFFERS
BIGGEST CARD OF YEAR
Winner of the Main Event, the Herman-Baker Go,
Will Be Matched- to Fight Terry McGovern.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
: _^_^^^ORAyPARK^IQyDA"I^ DECEMBE R 17. 1900— Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
14»*. FIUST RACK— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. "$4007 I ~ "~""""
| iPo^l" "¦""¦ 1 7" Betting %
Index jHorse and Welght.il'stiSt. H. %. Str. Fin. JoAeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
H6S Cougar ' 10S 56 84 74 ... In j Mou nee ...... 3 5 9-2 S-3
J*2 (Ada X 1C5 S3 4 1 2 1 ... 2 1 F. Kelly..... 10 12 12 4
(MM) iCourtler 107 9 9 6 1 4 1 ... 3 X IKlley 11-5 12-5 11-5 1
1436 .Scallywajr 105 7 1 11 11 ... 4 % J. Walsh.... 7 10 10 4
146S jMamie Hlldreth..lO7 4 2 3 1 3 1 ... 5 2 E. Ross 10 15 15 6
1442 jllerida 105.6 4 5>i 54 ... «2 Buchanan .. 7-2 7-2 7-2 ¦ 1
,.kX Oscar ToIIe 10S, IS 72 6 1 ... 7 3 |Alexand»r .. S 30 10 5
1192 j kid red :....10£| 2 5 2 2 8 10 ... 8 10 Baesinger .. 15 30 80 V)
1«13_! Chaste _¦ . ¦ ........ ..105| 8 _7__ 99 ... 9 IPerslco 40 100 100 SO
Time— Ms. :l2»s: %. :3S; %, 1:04*4. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. C. T. Boots'
Cl! - c - b>* Tirer-Genette Edwards. Mounce on Cougar carr.e with a well timed rush at the
en<3. IvIIej* astride Oourtier loft an acre of ground at the. stretch turn. \lerida unable
to run in the poins. Oscar Tolle cut off at s.art. Scratched— Billy Lyons 105.
HIM). SECOXD RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse. 1350.
j j Po . netting ~
* n<>e * j Horsg - *&*• Weight. ! Pst St. %. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI., Cl. PI.
H™ Hohenlohe. S — 105? 2 i 4 2 4 3~10 2~1 1 1 (Mounce S 20 20 8
13SS Lamachus. 3 ....110; 4|5 3 4 2 4 3 15 2n iCV Connor ... 6-5 8-5 7-5 7-10
HaO .Gllssando. 3 107i 7 3 14 13 In 3 25 iCoburn 5 6 5 2
1479 lAcrobat. 5 112! 32 8 7^56 42 Alexander ..6 6 5- 8-5
141. jDon Luis, 5 IU\ 86 62 42 42 56 J. Woods.... 6 9 8 3
S<o6 Sam Dan'nb'm. 3.107: 67 71 64 62 62 iOominick ... 10 15 25 S
1416 (Rainier. 4 112 5 1 4h 8 8 7 4 Vickery .... w 30 30 10
1465 Onyx. 4 105 98 oh 62 71 S Frawley .... 10 20 20 8
14o» .Canejo. 3 S7; 1 j * £ .„ .„ J.i Martin. U 10 30 30 10
Ti^T. e ~ 1 : 16 - :06l * : 3 " 16 - :1S *« : "- 16 - :<4 *i: "- 16 - l:K'H: 7^f. l:38«i" Good start except Canejol
A\^n handily. Second and third drivinr. Winner. C. T. Boots' br h. by Imp. Brutus-
BrBwn Maria. Coburn threw race away with Glissando by a sweeping turn .Into stretch.
Hohenlohe *aved ground there. Lamachus hard ridden all the way. Others distanced.
Scratched-Lew Zara 97, Ballsta 112, Judge Shropshire 97. *Left
15«H>. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. J400.
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. 4- %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. FT
1080 Toah 105 3 4 3h S 1 : l in J: WaldD.... 4 5 7^2 sTs
1413 iPhll Archibald... 108 11 2 1 2 1 3 h 2 2 Frawfev ... 8 8 8 3
J*!* iT hra< L la » 10; i 43 43 42 < 2 32 O'Connor... 5 7 7 2
U.t Scotch Belle ....105 82 lh In lh 41 Ransch 8 12 12 4
14.4 Intiepido 105 25 61 54 64 66 Coburn "3662
1476 Bob Palmer 10." 68 8 8 7 4 6 »4 Martin 15 30 30 6
(1356) (Roundhead 105 5 6 7 4 7 6 C^ 76 Mounce 4 5 5 2
U4.4) iSlrsenvine 105 1 77 6362 8 8 Domtnick ... 4 6 6 2
Time— H. :13; %. :37; %. l:04Vi. Good start. Won handily. Second" "and third driving. Win
ner. K. Corrigan"? ch. r. by imp. Bass-etlaw-Mo<iesty. Waldo on winner took a short cut
into stretch, which won him the race. Thracia will be hard to beat next time. Scotch
Belle quit. Roundhead no speed. Scratched-Modder 1P5.
l.'Ol. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
I |P°-| ~ ~ ,¦ Betting' ¦¦
Index jHorge. Age. Weight I Pst {St. 4. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1440 JEsrirando, 5 102 212 21*22 24 11 Mounce ~ 4 5 7^2 M0
1SGS ;Oenua. 4 102 3 I 2 If 13 11 26 Domintck .. 7-10 7-10 7-10 1-5
J457 Mountain Dew, 4.103 1 64 5 82 328n 'O'Connor .. 6 12 12 4
H19 (Aluminum. 5 1C2I 41 3n 42 44 45 (Buchanan ..4 9 9 5-2
J4ftS jl Drn't Know, a.. 111! 3 5 4n 5 5 5 |Fallehy 20 30 SO 8
1342 iMainstay. a 1C5| 1 Left jj. Woods.. .. 10 30 30 8
Time— H. :124: *%, :37; %. 1:03. Good start exctpt Mainstay. Won easily. Second and »hlrd
driv.ng. V.'inner, I. Morehouse's blk. g. by imp. Brutus-Ardente. Winner had race-won
at h<»ad of Ftretch. Mountain Dew pulled up in a badly crippled condition. Aluminum
outfooted. Scratched— Jerid 112, Monrovia 109. • -
1502. FIFTH RACE— One mile; Belling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
! |Po.j , — ¦ Betting -
Index Horse, Age, Weight. PstlSt. V*. 4- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. C\. PI?
1409 (Tappan. 6 100 5|4 3n 31 35 Ins Domlnlck .. 5^2 3 11-5 ui
I41S avalkenshaw, 6...1C5 2 2 2 1 2 4 2 1 2 1 O'Connor ... 1-2 13-20 3-5 1-5
14S7 A«tor, 6 9S 43 14 Id In 35 Coburn 12 15 15 3
!4!i0 Topmast, a 112 11 4 4 4 15 4 25 5 100 J. Woods.... 10 12 12 2
I4 12_'g x ; lrat0 - 5 102 l 3 5 5 I 6 5 F. Kelly.. .. 100 200 200 60
Time— H, :26%: 4, :E24; %, l:lShil mile, 1:454. Fair start. Won first three driving Win^
ner, \\ . P. Maj?rane"s br. g. by PowhattanaFinlcal. Coburn carried the favorite and Tap
pan clean to the outside fence. This may nave cost Walkenshaw the race, although win
r.er was full of run. Astor ran without blinkers and did better. Scratched— Opponent 100
Meadow Lark 98. Dare II 98. Lothian 115.
1503. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; mares; three and four year olds; purse, $400.
I |P°-I j Getting
Index Age, Weight. jPst St. 4. Ftr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1423 jTh* I^dy. 3 116| 33 21 22 In 12 KIley 7-10 9^ 7T10" —
1471 Prejudice. 3 100 54 41 In 21 23 J. Martin... 7-5 7-5 13-10 1-4
1100 La Borgia, 3 105 12 3 14 45 36 3 25 O'Connor ... 8 15 15 5-2
14C3 Naples, 4 1<*7 2 1 13 3 2 4 10 4 20 F. Kelly 100 3C0 300 50
'iml\AJMXiM^:^.\.-. 107| 4 I 5_l t 5 5 Fauntleroy 30 30 30 5
Time— v;. :13\: H. :35K: S, 1:06; %. l:32»i. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. AV'inr.fcr. L. H. Ezell's b. f. by Kingston-Stville. Prejudice and .Maria came near get
ting left. Martin rushed Prejudice to the frort. but was beaten hands down. La Borgia is
rounding to form. Scratched— Torsida 120, Mortgage 100.
4
£f?8§SIH!Y K HEALTHFUL \
? O? A Natoral Mineral Water \
% &m * 5th medlcInal qttaliUs*' J
o /^ For Irdi^estioa and °
o iiS^nk Stoaaeli Duonlars. o
limm So^ alled vichy \
? IN SIPHONS 1
!HK— ¥JSHYI
? , ft^&§ Get tho Genulna S
O a. VIGNIER. Dl.trlbuUnsr Asont •
Jsfoflfttvet? cared tjj tX>c3O
JLittlo Pills.
TJicy also r»iicve Distress from Oyspeprfi,
fndigestkn and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect zemMty tcr Dizziness. Nausea, DrowsS.
nes3, BadTastemt&e Mouth, Coated Tcr.e^
Pafn in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
8mafl Pin* Small Dose*
Sma!!P??ce»
ADVEETISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OB* THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OB* TLLD— —
HANOVER
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY-
APNEW TORKL IN THE 8TATB OF >TEW
V£ York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1839, and for the year ending* on that day. a*
made to the Insurance Oomxnisaiooer of the
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections €10 and 611 of the Political Code
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPTTAU
Amount of Capital Stock, oaid op !a
Cash HOOOiOOB 00
ASSETS. ~~~
Real Estate owned by Company..... (4S0.00Q W>
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 3,500 00
Caoh Market Value of all Stocks and
Bends owned by Company 1^37.338 00
Cash In Company's Office 5S.534 SI
Cash In Banks 54.915 37
Interest due and accrued oa ail
Stocks and Loans 28,219 90
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgag-es 60 53
Premiums In due Course of Collection S19.349 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 13.U3 47
Total Assets C.0&HCJ t*
tIABTLlTIE6.
Xiowea adjusted aad unpaid,. ..._. VSA.8A a
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense TS.KS M
Losses resisted, including expenses.. U.SLS iS
Oroas premium* 00 Fire Risks run-
ning on« year or less, $tCH.0*» 19;
reinsurance CO per cent SC.Ma 10
Gross premiums on CTLr* Blairs ron-
Dinc more dan on« rear. C3H-
731 tS; reinsurance pro rata........... 04.139 (3
Reinsurance prsmtrtzna 1 m ¦¦¦»! ¦ !7.i7J S3
Total Idabtltties TV** *"* "
EVO0B&91
Net cas& actually reoctred for Ffcre
premiums ...tl.<33,Md ft
Reoetred for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ,. 179 0
RecelTed for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Lioans and from
all other sources »0. 413 13
Received for Rents.* 17.599 73
Received from all other sources...... «8.S33 SO
Total Income ..... ..._ — .H.C5.J8S 47
Wet amount paid for Fire Losses ftn-
dndisg $179,401 51, losses of previous
Tears) tl.0M,7» XT
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commtssloa or
Brokerage 278.3*4 13
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 132.44* M
Paid for State. National and Local *"
taxes C9 134 19
AH other payments and expendlturea lioiooi 3»
Total Expenditures „...._.. C. 794,870 71
BMre.
Lossee Incurred during tn* yeaiv. K.KO.-431 07
Risks and Premiuma. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
'written during the
„*«"• f223.C0.243 «.M».773 77
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
m ' m ' ua t887 -* n *
December Q. 1S99 238.879.533 1. 383,835 m
I. REMffEN LANE. President.
_, 'jj. CH^S- A. SHAW. Secretary.
aSWS&s? 'i^r to *•*- me - •"¦ **
¦JOS. McCORD. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
423 . CALIFORNIA STREET.
AlFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager. CESAR BERTHEAD, Manager.
GDS MESSINGER and MARTIN RASCHEN, San Francisco, Cltj Managers.
Telephone Main 272. , «»^o«*
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
¦ I feel it my duty to give my testimonial in
behalf of your sreat medicine,' 1 writes Mr.
John T. Reed, ofjefferson. Jefferson Co.. Ark.
*When I commenced taking Doctor Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery I was very low with
a couzh, and would at times rpit blood. I was
not able to do any work, at all, was weak and
my head was dixzy. The first bottle I took did
tne so much good that I had faith in it and con-
tinued until I had talcea twelve bottles. Non I
do not look like nor feel like the same man as I
was a year ago. People were astonished and
said they did not think that I could live. I can
thankfully say that I am entirely cured of a dis-
ease, from which had it not been for your won-
derful ' Discovery * I would have died."
Medical Discov-
ery," and it is entirely free from opium,
cocaine, and all other narcotics.
strength. ..'.'!^
There is no al-
cohol in "Golden
and so restores the
emaciated form
to health and
coughs, bronchitis
and bleeding of
the lungs. It in-
creases the nutri-
tion . of the body,
the beginning of
the attack.
Those who are
showing symp-
toms of lung dis-
ease should in-
stantly begin the
use 01 Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical
Discovery. It will
cure obstinate
Is like the constrictor which drops its
coils around its victim and slowly tight-
ens them until life is extinguished.
Once the coils are
m drawn tight thera
¦> is little chance of
4e* escape. The one
' hope of safety is
\ . to break loose at
CONSUMPTION
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
*
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AACHEN AND^MUNICH
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
Op AIX-IiA-CHAFEXXiE. Germany, on th«
Jlst day of December. A. T>. 18»9. and for
the year endin* on that flay, aa made to th«
Insurance Commissioner of th» State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the prortslons of sections
810 and «11 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by tn« CommtssloMr.
ASSETS.
Cash Mark** value of an Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J789.857 M
Cash In Comi»ny's Qffioo 80fl 41
Cash In Banks — . M.J32 88
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Ivmns 980 00
Premiums in due Cours* of Collection. 84.S68 S3
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for FJre and Marine Risks 1.150 62 !
Total Assets .'. ...{913.933 77
LIABIUrTTES.
Loase« adjusted *nd unpaid J7.S41 Cl
Xjosee* In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense - 41.439 •!
Losses resisted, including expenses..... 8,175 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; one year or leas. $405,875 48t re-
insurance SO per cent. KS.M7 73
Gross j premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. (131.344 »i
retnsuraaott pro rata.. XM.SS3 M
Due «nd accrued far salaries, rent, eta Hi S3
An other demands acalast the com-
pany ..«...¦¦¦¦¦.¦¦¦..¦.,..; BUM S3
Total Liabilities) . , T*" gl -M
TJCCOMEL
Met eaafc actually recdTwl tor Fire
premiums ~ ...tm.006 tl
Reoefred for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources B.8ST O
Received from all other aoarorsw...... 363 72
Total Income* - „.„,„„„ pram 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount pejd for Fire loss* a (!a-
cludln* 128,783 51, losses of previous
years) JS3.91S «»
Paid or allowed for Obtnmissloo or
Brokerage 95,779 Vt
Paid for Salaries, Ftoes and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 61*74 13
Paid for State, National and Local
j taxes „. 1».J«4 S3
All other payments and expenditures.. 83,0*7 53
TotaJ Expenditures ,~_...~~~.~.|633.£« 72
Fire,
liosaes incurred dm Ing th* y-ax.. ...... t343,77i 69
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of risks
-written durinar the
year WS.4S3.4SO *S1S.4S3 99
Net amount of risks
expired during: the
year 4s.143.J7J W0. 453 73
Net amount In foree
Dcoembcr SI, 1S99.... 4s.443.CT9 . S97.&9 88
8AMI* R. WEED, of Weed & Kennedy,
TJ. 8. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
dajr of January. 1900.
I B*. FISHI5ECK. Notary Public
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jlll GARTEftS]
|'CIGA!\S 1
CeqSl^
I IN PRICE 1
iMAU^ADLt^&Cai
|| SAN F^NCISCOvCAL. ||REDDING. Dec. 17.— Lloyd .Victor, the four
year-old son of W. L. Calllson of Fall River
Mills, was accidentally shot in the abdomen by
an elder brother to-day. A shotgun had been
left loaded by their father in a presumably
saf e place. Death ensued within twenty-four
hours. ¦ ' \ " <¦--'*¦ • : ¦ ' ¦
ANGELS CAMP. Dec. 17.— A probably
fatal stabbing affray between two high
binders occurred at Mokelumne Hill last
Thursday evening. Ah Tom 1 was detected
by Jim Quong in the act of picking the
pocket of a man who was sitting in a
drunkrn stupor in' a Chinese store. The
sleeping stranger had some coin in his
possession and Ah Tom was trying to get
it from his pocket when Jim Quong re
monstrated. Ah Tom sprang upon his
accuser with an , eight-inch knife, which
he. thrust between JinvQuong's ribs. The
wounded man is in a critical condition.
Ah Tom made his escape.
Chinese Stabbing Affray.
. Fountain Grove is the former home of
the celebrated community founded here
•twenty-five years ago' by Thomas Lake
Harris, the mystic. It Is one of the finest
and most productive properties In Sonoma
County. Its several thousand acres of
rolling hill land are . planted mainly in
vineyards, and it has one of the most
complete wineries Jn the State. The place
has been conducted entirely as a wine
making property for several years. The
entire property Is commonly regarded as
worth at least a quarter of a million dol
lars.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 17.— By the terms
of a deed filed for record here to-day
Thomas Lake Harris and- wife of New
Ycrk transfer to Kanal Nagasawa, Miss
Nicholas and Miss Margaret Parting of
this city and Robert Morris Hart and
Mary Elizabeth Hart of New York their
entire remaining Interest in the beauti
ful property known as Fountain Grove,
a short distance north of Santa Rosa.
The consideration named is $40,000, and a
peculiar clause in the deed provides that
the grantees shall hold a life tenure and
the property finally is to revert to the one
who lives the longest and to his heirs and
assigns. In other words, as the grantees
die one by one their interest goes to the
surviving partners until only one remains.
to the Grantee Who Lives
the Longest.
Fountain Grove Property to Revert
QTTEEE. TERMS OF DEED
FILED AT SANTA BOSA
Buchanan, in the proceedings instituted
to obtain his release from the asylum,
claimed to have been declared Insane as
the result of a conspiracy to which he was
a party, and alleged that he was promised
freedom after a brief term in the asylum.
Peculiar interest "attached to the case
because of the variety of expert testimony
Introduced as to the mental condition of
the prisoner. Much of this same evidence
will be given to show the prisoner to have
bfeen insane at the time of the commission
of the crime. The crime has proved costly
to Yuba County.
MARYSVILL.E, Dec. 17.— ihe trial of
Hugh Buchanan for • the murder of
"Billy" Miles, the gambler, In this city
on March 6, 1S94, bepan in the Superior
Court to-day. On a former trial of Bu
chanan In 1894, proceedings were sus
pended and the accused was examined by
the Commission in Lunacy, upon whose
report he was committed to the insane
asylum at Napa, Later Buchanan, who
claimed to have been sane at' all times
during his trial and tnereafter, ,was
brought before the Superior Court of
Napa County on a writ of habaes corpus
and on an appeal from the mandate of
that court was remanded by the Supreme
Court to Yuba County once more for trial
for his crime.
Prefers to Run the Bisk of Hanging
Rather Than Continue as an In
mate of an Insane Asylum.
HUGH BUCHANAN'S
SECOND TRIAL FOR
MURDER IS BEGUN
WATSONVILLE, Dec. 17.— Aaron Dean,
a resident of this city, died this morning
from the effects of injuries received in an
accident while driving yesterday. He was
a native of California, aged 34 years.
Victim of an Accident.
. CAHTON, Dec. 17. — The run of salmon
In the Eel River this winter is the largest
In years. This is the result of the State
Fish Commission's efforts In planting sal
mon in the fresh water streams of Cali
fornia. On Friday the fishermen on Eel
River caught an average of forty thirty
pound fish to the boat.
Big Run of Salmon.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 17.— The Southern
California Teachers* Association held its
annual session to-day In the First Con
gregational Church, more than 500 edu
cators being in attendance. Professor
Foshay, superintendent of city schools,
delivered the opening address, dealing
with the work of the past year.
Professor F. B. Dressier, of the State
University, advocated more efficient ven
tilation in the school room, Indorsing the
"forced draught" system. He expressed
warm sympathy with all kinds of recrea
tion. Professor E. ,E. Brown, of the
State University, spoko on "Instruction
as a Social Process," dealing with teach
ing as one .of the fine arts. During the
afternoon session. Professor Brown
spoke on "Instruction and the Training to
Do."
Annual Session.
Southern California Association in
GATHERING OF TEACHERS.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 17.— While a joint meet
ing of the Board of Trade and the Im
provement Club was being held to-night,
at which plans were discussed to merge
the former into the latter, the exhibit of
Santa Clara County resources In the
board's room was attached for $543. This
action was taken by Patrick Holehan,
who holds a deficiency judgment for that
amount against the Board of Trade,
which is part of $2000 borrowed to finish
the carnival pavilion In 1805. Holehan
lately sued all members of the Board of
Trade for their pro rata liability of $8 2y,
and this has been the means of disrupting
the association. The officers of the Board
of Trade now propose to disband and
turn the exhibit and affairs over to the
Improvement Club.^
a Creditor of the San Jose
Organization.
Action Taken by Patrick Holehan,
ATTACHES A BOARD
| OF TRADE EXHIBIT
In the Hester district there are 998 pu- [
piis and two schoolhouses. The district I
lies between San Jose and Santa Clara, j
but is principally contrlbutary to this
city. The Alameda, which runs through
the center, is named as the boundary,
and the territory south of that roadway
and west of the city is proposed to be
cut off. There are 460 pupils in the dis
trict and a large schoolhouse. By divid
ing the district and annexing it to the city
the pupils would enjoy the benefits of the
San Jose High School, which is one of
the best in the State. A counter petition,*
which strongly opposes a division, is be
ing circulated,' and there probably will
be a warm contest.
Suburban School District May Ba
Added to San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 17.— Preliminary steps
have been taken for a subdivision of the
Hester School District, adjoining the city
on the south, and it is said the ultimate
end will be its annexation to the city. A
petition asking for this division and the
creaton of a separate district to be known
as' Sunol District, has been filed with
County Superintendent Chipman, who has j
named December 22 as the time for a
hearing. j
ANNEXATION MOVEMENT.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 17.~Attorneyg for
Louise N. Creede have been granted thirty days
in which to prepare a bill of exceptions In an
appeal from the Judgment denying her petition
for a family * allowance. • Judge Shaw refused
to allow $150 a month from the estate of her
husband, N. C. Creede, deceased.
Both' men- are about 40 years of age.
Mack is a married man and has two chil
dren. Nathan Smith has resided here for
years and has always been • considered a
comical, Inoffensive negro. ',>
WATSONVILLE, Dec. 17.— Nathan
Smith, a negro bootblack, seriously
stabbed Emanuel Mack, proprietor of the
Hoffman House bar, in front of th© lat
ter's place' of business to-day. They
quarreled, in the saloon over the settle
ment for a game of, cards and after put
ting the negro out of the place Alack
struck him repeatedly. Finally Smith
drew a knife and stabbed Mack In the
abdomen around ' the heart. Macks'
wounds are considered serious and his
recovery Is doubtful. . ;
Probably Fatal Wounds!
Watsonville Saloon-Keeper Receives
STABBED BY Ai BOOTBLACK.
BIG FLAT OAK. Dec. 17.— Cerro Gordo
Union No. 39 of the "Western 'Federation
of Mines has called a strike of the em
ployes In the Longfellow and Nonpariel
mines. The union claims the management
has cut the pay of employes. The ten
stamp mill on the Longfellow mine has a
four-hour run ahead and will be compelled
to close when this is crushed. Last May
an agreement between the management
and the union provided 'that the wages of
a miner should be $3 and that of a mucker
$2 50. The union is distributing posters
urging miners to remain away from this
camp.
Two Tuolumne County Prop
erties.
Cerro Gordo Union's Action Atffects
ORDERS A STRIKE OF
BIG OAK FLAT MINERS
• Unless the city takes the action de
manded by Edwards the. latter will bring
suit himself to have the money replaced.
At -present the money for lighting the
electric tower is tied up by injunction,
Edwards claiming that, although his bid
was the lowest for lighting the tower all
night, the matter was so juggled by the
Council as to give It to the Light and
Power Company. For lighting the rest of
the city all night Edwards' bid was the
lowest, but the Council later decided to
light the streets but half the night and
gave the contract to the Light and Power
Company. Now .it is claimed the com
pa/iy has put. in lights that were never
ordered and is charging for them.
At the meeting of the City Council this
morning II. T. Edwards, the manager of
the Electric Improvement Company, de
manded that a suit be commenced by the
Council In the name of the city of San
Jose against City Treasurer McGeoghegan
and his bondsmen for the recovery of J2700,
which it is alleged has been Illegally paid
to the Light and Power Company for
lighting the streets during the past five
months. In his demand Edwards alleges
that the claims of these months Include
charges against the city for lighting cer
tain electric lights for which there is no
contract or order. The Council referred
the matter to the City Attorney.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 17.— San Jose lighting
contracts undoubtedly will be the subject
of a suit soon to be filed in the Superior
Court and sensational developments that
will show the inside workings of city af
fairs are promised. The trouble grows
out of a fight between the two companies,
and charges of favoritism on the part of
the City Council toward the LJgrit and
Power Company, which now holds the
contract for lighting the city, are made.
Representative of One Company Will
Bring Suit to Prevent Payment
of City Funds to Another.
WAR OVER STREET
LIGHTING CONTRACTS
IN THE GARDEN CITY
The special committee authorized by
Senator Carter is expected to inquire
fully into and report to the Senate every
charge reflecting directly or Indirectly
upon the integrity of Judge Noyes.
Sixth— The facts and circumstances
with and the inducements offered to
Judge Nelson, Judge Noyes' predecessor,
to Induce him to resign his position on
the bench and to become connected with
litigation pending In the court at the time
of his resignation.
Fifth— What, if any, money has been
spent to circulate statements reflecting
upon the honor and integrity of the
courts?
Fourth— What, if any, effort has been
made by any party to litigation to im
properly influence the court or any of
its officers?
Third— Whether any member of Con
gress or any officer of the Government is
or has been interested in any property at
Cape Nome now under litigation.
Second— Has Judge Noyes, having ju
risdiction over Cape Nome, been guilty
of any illegal or improper conduct with
any litigation before his court?
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The
alleged misconduct of Judge
Arthur H. Xoyes. while pre
siding over the District Court
of Alaska, has been called to
the attention of the Senate.
Senator Carter of Montana to-day in
troduced a resolution calling for a full
Investigation of his actions, and to ascer
tain and report to the Senate the names
of all persons who are in any way con
nected with any litigation in his court
concerning which any improper influence
or illegal conduct has been or may be
charged. * '
It has been charged that Judge Xoyes,
having jurisdiction over the Cape Nome
district, has been guilty of illegal or im
proper conduct in connection with litiga
tion pending In his court.
The judiciary committee Is directed to
thoroughly Investigate this scandal, di
recting its investigations thoroughly and
along the following lines:
First— Are the general mining laws of
the United States .applicable to the dis
trict of Alaska?
BIG SALE OF COALINGA
DISTRICT OIL IiANDS
Beport of the Transfer of theChanslor
and Canfield Interests Con
firmed.
LrOS ANGELES, rh?c. 17.— The sale of
th« Coallnga oil lands of Chanslor & Can
field of this city, and W. H. H. Hart and
associates of San Francisco, which was
reported five months agro and subsequent
ly denied, is reaffirmed to-day on good au
thority. The purchasers are said to be an
Emrlish syndicate, for which it is stated
Baifour, Guthrie & Co. of San Francisco
are acting as disbursing agents. Two hun
dred thousand dollars has already been
paid on the purchase price and a re
mainder of $1,650,000 is to be paid early in
Jariuaxy.
The property Includes 4300 acres of the
richest oil lands in the Coalinga field,
yielding an average of 30,000 barrels a
month, and paying a monthly profit of
from $17,000 to J30.O00. 'me net profit for
November was J2S.000. It is said that of
the purchase price Chanslor & Canfield
will receive Jl.0O0.000 and Mr. Hart and
associates $SM,000.
ilanag-er Binny of Balfour, Guthrie &
Co. was shown the dispatch and he said
that the matter of the sale was in exact
ly the same status as it was a few weeks
sgo whon similar dispatches were sent to
San Francisco from the south. He ad
mitted that the English syndicate which
bis lirra represented had paid an option
on the property, but said nothing had
l>e*»n done lately as to the payment of the
balance of the purchase price.
COAST BREVITIES.
Catcher Cnance Will Recover.
LOS ANGKI.ES. Dec. 17.— Frank
Chance, the wrll known baseball player,
wrha was struck on the ear by a pitched
'a;: yesterday and sustained concussion
of the brain, has regained consciousness
and is resting easily at the California
Hospital. Dr. F. D. Bullard, the attend
ing physician, says there is n<j doubt of
his recovery unless complications set in
s.r.<3 he Is confident Chance will b« out In
a few days.
Murdered for His Money.
HTLLSBORO, Or., Dec. 17.— Andrew
Dahlbergr, a Swede, was assassinated by
an unknown person on Saturday night in
hi§ cabin, three and a half miles south
east of this city. His body was found by
neighbors and Drought here by the Coro
ner to-day. Bobbery Is supposed to have
been the motive of the murder. The as
eass!n ehot through the window of the
cabin.
m
?
Hume Yerington Acquitted.
VICTORIA, Dec. 17.—Hume Yerington,
former Mayor of Carson, Xev., who was
arrested here several weeks agro on a,
charge that he took from a saloon a pair
of field glasses that did not belong to
hf-m, has been acQUitted. It waa found
th*re was no exidence to sustain the ac
(?naa.t!or..
VANCOUVER. B. C, Dec. 17. -Storms of
cstce-jeI severity have destroyed a portion of
the fi'.klrur In the delta district of British Co
lumbia. The damage to property Is consider
able.
REDDING, Dec. 17.— Growers of two-thirds of
tie pear crop of Anderson Valley have signed
fc five-rear contract with the California Can
r.ers' and Packers' Association at t20 a ton.
This price leaves the growers a fair profit.
COVETX), Dec. 17.— This section of Men
doclno County has been visited by one
of th* heaviest rain and wind storms ever
experienced here. A number of bridges
were washed away. Stages have been de
layed and considerable damage has been
done to stock and early sown grain.
GILP.OY, Dec. 17.— Porcella & McDuffee'i
Ftore was entered by m. burglar last night
through a back window. The safe, which had
been blown open about a year ago, was easily
o;«ned and between $5 and {6 taken. A few
cigars were stolen. B. J. Mayock'e barber shop
was entered, but the burglar was frightened
away beiore he had time to steal anything.
TACO1IA. Dec. 17.— The torpedo-boat <Je
strcjer Goldsborough will not make another
run on the Sound waters for many weeks. The
breaking of the eccentric rod on Friday has
disabled her for some time. The crew has been
discharged and the order for Government in
epectlon has been countermanded, so it prob
ably will be about two months before the final
trial trii> can be made.
FAN MIGUEL. Dec. 17.— Word was received
here of the suicide of a young Frenchman
naraed Joseph Burrell, a cheep herder, on the
Cholame craat, near Parkfield, last Tuesday.
The young man tu «ubject to flt« of insanity.
During one of these periods he went to the
camp ind cut bis throat with a dull butcher-
Icnlfe. Then he set fire to hi* clothing. His
body waa horribly burned, but he was still alive
when Tounfi by his father on the latter's return
to the carx;p at night. He died without regain
ing consciousness.
rNTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
sions Issued.
WASHINGTON", Dec. 17.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Idlewild, San Diego
County, Mabel L. Kelly, Postmistress.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
James E. "Wilson, Port Harford: Mattle
Lee Porter, Shorb. Oregon— Nelson G.
Falrchilds. Fairdale.
Pensions issued: California, original-
Robert M. Gillespie, Tulare, $6. Addi
tional—James Williamson, Los Angeles,
flO. Widows— Mary E. Charles, Alham
bra. J3.
Oregon: Original— Wales Russell, Mo
lalla, $5.
Washington: Original— Robert J. Fos
ter, Olequa, $6.
Secretary Gage to-day asked Congress
for an appropriation of $50,000 additional
for the enforcement of the Chinese exclu
sion act this fiscal year.
Senator Hale, chairman of the Naval
Committee, introduced a bill authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to contract for
the care, maintenance and treatment of
the insane of the navy and Marine Corps
of the Pacific Coast at any asylum in Cal
ifornia. Accompanying the bill was a loi
ter from Secrtary Long showing the ex
pense of the transportation of insane from
the Pacific Coast to the Government asy
lum at Washington, and stating that the
authorities of the asylums in California
had agreed to take them at a reasonable
charge.
NO FOREST FIRE BRIGADES.
Opinion That County Funds Cannot
Be Used for Their Maintenance.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 17.— Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Wilbur to-day advised the
Board of Supervisors that the applica
tion of the Chamber of Commerce for an
appropriation of $500 from the county
funds for the purpose of making a sur
vey and map of the San Gabriel forest
reserve with a view to an appropriation
from the general Government for tracts,
clearings and breaks as a means of pre
venting and stopping serious conflagra
tions In the mountains could not, under
the present law, be granted.
It was also held that under the exist
ing law the county had no authority to
spend money for the purpose of maintain
ing a fire brigade to fight and prevent
mountain fires.
An effort will be made to have the Leg
islature draft and pass laws for such a
fire system.
HOLDS GAS COMPANY'S
FRANCHISE ASSESSABLE
Superior Judge Budd Decides a Case
in Favor of San Joaquin
County.
STOCKTON, Dec. 17.— Judge Budd, of
the Superior Court of this county, ren
dered two important decisions this af
ternoon. In the suit of the Stockton Gas
and Electric Company against the County
to recover $1,432.43, which amount was
paid to the County Treasurer on the as
sessment of the company's franchise, the
court held that the franchise was assess
able. The franchise had been assessed
for J98.7SS.
In the case of the Board of Education
to compel the county school superinten
dent to apportion to the city school mon
eys from the State for attendance of pu
pils upon the high school and the night
and grammar schools, the court decided
in favor of the board. An appeal will be
taken.
PERJURES HERSELF TO
OBTAIN A PENSION
Los Angeles Judge Forced to Send a
Friendless Old Woman to
Prison.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 17.— Old, penniless,
friendless, Susan Rosenberg perjured her
self to obtain a Government pension. She
is the widow of a soldier of the rebellion
and in her application for a pension she
declared that she had r^ remarried since
her soldier-husband's -~.th. This state
ment proved to be untrue. When brought
before the United States District Court
she broke down and insisted on pleading
guilty despite the eftort9 01 Judge Well
born, and the latter was this afternoon
forced to. impose sentence. He made it
a Jl fine and three months in the County
Jall at Santa Barbara.
GBADEBS NEARING WILLETTS.
Progress on the extension of the Cal-
ifornia Northwestern.
UKIAH. Dec. 17.— The second ten miles
of grading for the extension of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway Is now In
course of completion. This grade will
put the road to within four miles of Wil
letts. The extension will be over heavy
grades and will be perhaps three times as
expensive as the first ten miles. The
track is laid four and a half miles north
of Ukiah. Some substantial bridges have
been erected and the track thus far com
pleted will be ready tor regular service
as soon as Wllletts is reached. The rainy
weather has gTeatly checked the work
on the extension. SBHiidBElKRi
Calvin E. Crocker's Will.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 17.-<:alvln E.
Crocker, brother of the late Benjamin R.
Crocker, to-day filed the latter's will for
probate. The will was made in 1876, and
was witnessed by the late Charles
Crocker and the late \V. E. Brown. It
bequeathed all of the estate, now valued
at a half million dollars, to his wife,
Mary E. Crocker. Mrs. Crocker died in
June, 1899. therefore the estate goes to
Mr. Crocker's helrw-at-law, seven broth
ers and sisters, and their offspring.
HAVE NOT YET AGREED
ON" FINANCIAL TEBMS
Negotiations Between Columbia and
Berkeley as to Football Game
Still Open- • -7
BERJCEL.ET. Dec. 17.— The manage
ments of Columbia and California cannot
reax:h an agreement regarding the finan
cial side of the two proposed football
games. Negotiations are still open and
the Berkeley men are awaiting a mes
sage from Columbia which- will decide
whether the games will be played or not.
This morning Manager Reno Hutchinsou
received a telegram from Columbia ask
it:% for a guarantee of ail expenses and
12000 whether the gate receipts warranted
it cr not. California had already guar
anteed all expenses and 50 per cent of
1 he gate receipts. The Berkeley man
agement replied this evnlng that It would
be" Impossible to g-uarantee expenses and
$2000.
The Columbia men were asked to con-
sider again California's first offer and to
roply definitely whether tha-t would be
acceptable or not. As the telegram was
Bent late this oveninc a reply will not
reach h<rr until to-morrow.
A Russian onsineer. Prince A. T. Dsha
varhoff, has invented an electrical ap
paratus manipulated from the stage of a
thrater. by which, at one touch, all doors
aoid exits are opened toward the outside.
Ladies Are Especially Invited.
To-morrow will be a gala day for ladies.'
Shoes that cost *2 50 a pair will be placed
on the table to pick from for only 75 cts.
a pair at bankrupt Ehoe sale of the Cali
fornia, 1206 Market £t. f near City Hall av.»
JUEK5E ARTHUR H. NOYES OF ALASKA. WHOSE OFFICIAL, ACTIONS
ARE TO BE INVESTIGATED BY A SPECIAL COMMITTEE AP
POINTED FROM THE UNITED STATES SENATE.
STOCKTON*. Dec 17.— Roy Smith, want
ed In Sacramento, Fresno and San Jose
for forgery, was captured here to-day by
Officers Carroll and Walker. He was vis
iting: Miss Ella Meyers, near the corner
of Suuer and Lafayette streets, when ta
ken. She is net believed to know his char
acter, and it is said she was to have
married him. Smith had about $S0 of the
S100 he Is alleged to have obtained by
Icrsrery in Sacramento.
Chief Gall received word to-day that
cmlth had come to Stockton to elope with
Ella. Meyers and Officers Carroll and Wal
ker were sent to the house. One went
around to euartf the bacfc door and the
other, entering the front door, came up
on Smith, who was promptly taken into
custody.
The prisoner formerly kept the White
Star Restaurant in this city. He left town
owing many bills, and when taken into
custody he believed at first it was for
this he was arrested. He was surprised
when told he had been identified as the
man traveling under the name of Myers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cities Is Apprehended at the
Hcnie of His Sweet
heart.
Man Wanted in Several California
OFFICERS CAPTURE ROY SMITH
Stockton Girl Saved From
Marrying an Alleged
Forger.
ARREST SPOILS
THE PLANS FOR
AN ELOPEMENT
ANGELS CAMP. Dec. 17.— Ami Laidet
of Esperanza, in this county, is the vic
tim of a peculiar affliction. One side of
his face is paralyzed and his eyesight is
affected, and his ailment is declared to
be due to the fact that he slept in the
moonlight. Laidct's couch was near a
window, over which there was no
curtain. Night after r.ight the silvery
raoonbeams were wont to stray in at the
window and beat upon his face. Gradu
ally paralysis set in, and recently Laidet,
awakened by pain during the night, con
ceived the idea' that his misfortune was
due to sleeping in the light of the moon.
He arose and improvised a curtain over
the window.
His condition on the following morning
was worse than at any previous time.
Since then, however, Laidet has kept the
curtain drawn upon the window, and his
improvement has been steady. He is re
covering his sight, and the paralysis is
disappearing. His physician says the in
valid will soon be fully restored to health.
Laidet is firm In his belief that but for
the discovery that he was the victim
of too much moonlight he soon would
have been in his grave.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Begins to Improve After Shutting
Out Luna's Rays by Placing a
Curtain Over His Bed
room Window.
PARTIALLY LOSES HIS EYESIGHT
Citizen ol Esperanza the
Victim of a Peculiar
Affliction,
PARALYSIS DUE
TO SLEEPING IN
THE MOONLIGHT
SAN JOSE, Dec. 17. — A new phase was
edded to-day to the promised contest over
the estate of William B. Frue, the mil
lionaire mining man, who died at his home
he»e on November 9, by the presentation
of a will for probate by Mrs. Maud B.
Frue, the widow. This evidently was done
to head off the petition of Public Admin
istrator Kell, who recently applied for
letters of administration on the estate.
Shortly after Frue's death Mrs. Frue
filed, a aeefi made by her husband on No
vember 8, giving to her all property, both
real and personal, belonging to him. '.A |
number ot creditors were dissatisfied with j
this and Public Administrator Kell applied j
for letters. In ihe application the .Public
Administrator alleged the estate to be
worth more than $10,Uuo and perhaps
$1, WO ,000. • i
The will filed to-day is dated October
31 last, and in lieu ot signature contains
simply the testator's marn. The witnesses
are T. A. Perrin arid C. D. Wright. In it
all property is bequeathed to tne widow,
the child being omitted, as it Is declared
its mother will care for it. The value of
the estate is placed at $3500, consisting of
an fcaO-acre ranch in Alonterey County,
with a rental income of $250 a year. Mrs.
Krue asks that John H. Suits, her brother,
be named as executor.
There is a mortgage of $22,000 on* this
ranch, and the small valuation placed
upon it is' a surprise. The creditors of
the estate probably will contest the stated
value.
Those interested in the estate claim
there is yet another will in existence made
by l<rue, in which his realty holdings are
enumerated, and an attempt will be made j
to have it produced in court. The deed J
made by Frue to his wife probably will i
be attacked, so that creditors may obtain |
Judgments against the estate A hearing 1
on matters afCectfijg the estate will occur j
on Friday.
Entire Holdings of the San Jose Min- j
ing Man Dsclared to Be Worth
but Thirty-Five Hun
dred Dollars. *
9 •
Special Dispatch to The. Call. j
By Its Terms She Inherits
the Estate of the Late
Millionaire.
LOW VALUATION ON PROPERTY
MAUD B. FRUE
PRESENTS NEW
WILL IN COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1900.
CALLS FOR INVESTIGATION
OF CONDUCT OF JUDGE NOYES
Senator Carter Introduces a Resolution
Bearing on Mining Scandals
5
entrance). Ban
Francisco, ,
DH.MEYERS & CO.
Specialists. Disease
and weakness of
men. Established
1881. Consultation
and private book
tree, at office or by
mall. ' Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
.Let street (elevator
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All sorts of people use 1:, all sorts of stores
sell it, especially druggists. ..
JAMES B. T. MEBSHON,
537-538-539 P ABBOTT BUILDING,
San Francisco,
Dealer in legitimate oil stocks only.
Correspondence solicited. Write for
one of our illustrated books of the
oil fields of California. Free.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Gran-Solvent" dissoWe* Stricture like snow be-
neath the sun, reduces Knlarged Prostat* and
strengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains and
Emissions In Fifteen Days.
No dmin to mln the stomach, but a direct local
and posIUtc application tothe entire uretb ral tracfc
Gran-Solvent Is not a liquid. It 1» prepared In
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flexible
and so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tne St. James Assn.. Box S34. Cincinnati. O.. bat
¦repared at (freat expense an exhaust- rnrrl
he illustrated Treatise upon the male LULL |
system, which tb»w will send to any rnrLi
¦Lie applicant, ¦ ¦••»•¦¦
St. James Assn.. -5O Kim St.. Cincinnati. O.
Avisit OR- JORDAN'S grcatJ
iMUSEUB OF ANATOMY?
9 £& UE1 KASZ£T K - &*• to*7a. e -'-° Bl ' i
T Or The Largest AnttcuniaJ Museum in the \
Jk * : 7M- m World WefcJtnessvs or Any contracted m
i 9£S'cSd disease pe*»«»««-5ycr»«r«<hjr the oldettT
Q) IgHl Specialist cu the Coaw. Estjftyo"* V
A AV9&1 Cf:.JO3i3AM-?RrtAT£O!SSASES#
\ *(?§!^E Caamiltsljen freo »n<l rtrkfly prlrttt \
a I liWH Til Itment personally ft by letter. A#
"3 Jr oB PKt.ttv Cmrt la e»ery c»»e oodertrnkesu T
ABU lls» WriteforBook.rBlLOauraVcfA
(fl U \\% jIAIinilCE, HAILKO FRSB. iA\
A A JL ' valuable book for men) X
Y pa JOBDAX A CO.. 1031 Market St.. S. F. ¥
(>sj t %^^^%^t>^l> < %%»%>
Dfi. HALL'S BE1N VIGOR ATGRgSgra
Five hundred reward for any f^^^^^^a
remedy stops all losses in 21 hours, I H
cures Emissions. Impotency, Vari- 1*33 |@a
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, fJjW Srffl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all ILJU LLXJ
wasting effrcto of stlf-abuse or tUffSQ P?J)
excesses. Sent sealrd. 12 bottle; S WjftrfiTTTrlTI H
bottles, $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 8W
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sal* at 1073H
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
jt^V^&SS* 4 **^^^ for Gonorrhcea,
Vy^K^CCnEs 1^^ Oleet. 3p*rmatPrrha-»,
JlPZjie&iB 1 to 5 d»ri.\S Whiter, unnatural dij-
EtSBsJ OavmntMtl 'Q chargt . or mar inOamma-
BOiJ not u> tuietnre. tio3, l ritaticn or olcers-
B» qPrcrmu ecnugioa. tion -f mucous men-
RS1theEy»S3Che«IC«lC3, branes. NoD-astringsat.
lS»ClNClN«TI.O.^a Sold b * Drnrrtsta.
""WfiTPiiL. O. B.A jiifeja or SPnt in Plain wrapper.
J^jiKgw ' "^sWta by exprnw, prepaid, for
*SWmt*m*«&fovl tl.OO, or 3 bottles, f3.73.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THB
great Mexican remedy; gtvt* health and
strength to eexual organs.' Depot. S23 Marked
...
STATEMENT
—OF THE^— .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on th» 31st day of December.
A. D. 1333, and for the year ending on that
day, as mads to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th»
provisions ot sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner. /- . ¦
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, pa'd up in
Caah n.000,000 «
. , AtSETS. ~~
Real Estate owned by Company $431. TOO 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 4C2.731 79
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,118, 040 00
Amount of Leans secured by pledgr*
of Bonds. Etoclcs and other market-
able securities aa collateral 153,000 00
Caah in Company's Office 13.519 M
Cash in Banks lSi.930 35
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.170 U
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 15. CSS 44
Premiums in due Course of CoUec- ,
tlon 3S4.624 07
Warrants 1.434 M
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 7.137 (3
Total Assets ..&797.512 »
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid $30. 025 43
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 127. SS4 73
Losses resisted, including- expenses... 3.773 CO
Grona premiums on Fire RUlcs run-
ning one year or less. $363,154 44; re-
Insurance BO per cent 484.577 a
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. S1.336.-
028 SI; reinsurance pro rata 713.M1 30
Gross premiums on Marine Tim*
Risks, t ; reinsurance SO per
eent - 113.W Kt
Total Liabilities $1,438,509 39
"'
Net caih actually received for Fire
premiums II. 413.323 00
jCet cash actually received tor Ma-
rine premiums 293,607 04
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 21.241 JO
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 11S.13S OT
Received for Rents M.S57 S3
Received for profit on sal# of securi-
ties 1.2O 06
Total Income $1,373,243 *•
EXPENDITURES. ~*
Net amount oald tor Fire Losses (In-
cluding $ losses of previous
years) $354,375 »J
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ losses of pre-
vfcros years J57.J23 41
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 239.40« S3
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, eto 2M.437 40
PaW for State. National and Local
Taxes 87.778 49
All other payments and expendi-
tures 206.183 33
Total Expenditures^ ..iZ.0iO.iS3 37
Fire.
Losses Incurred durlns th« year .JS57.27S K
Marine.
Losses Incurred daring the ye«r S37XC37 10
Risks and Premiums. Firs Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year i. Jl«9.974.«34 n.863.409 TO
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year II3.MS.163 n.s83,4?5 O
Net amount in force
December SI. 18» $137.n.0C7 H.353.m S
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $1O7.2S1.1S3 $335.796 31
Net amount of Risks
expired <turtng the
year 1108.031,234 $523,530 «0
Net amount In force
December XL. lStt..... $3.S6fl.80S $131. 513 M
:¦-•-- WM. J. DCTTON. Prest.
BERNARD FATMONV1LLE. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 13th
day of January, WO.
M. M. RHORER.
Deputy Insurance Conunlsslonssk
|» • 'P-'r ~ &
$ A Free Camera this week with every boys' suit or overcoat, jj
I Xmas 1HF EMPORillBi - pen I
i Cards, g|fl»i *•" a ™i every ;?
£ e • m F p Ooldentlale aazaar. Fvprmid *
J. DC tO IOC. CALIFORNIA'S LAROESTr-AWERICAS GRANDEST STORE. I-VSIling.
M «r-~J • sr
I A Holiday Store j
I Without Parallel J
£ In the West, occup-ing a floor space of mere than 350,000 square **
J feet, employing nearly zooo people, requiring 40 wagons and 72 J
if horses to deliver the Christmas purchases; operating 62 departments, x
$ wh-ch sell everything to eat, drink, w»r or use at department ,
*C store prices — a great store overflowing with Holiday ch:er. <g
K ~ " ;J
5: Pin Cushions, Etc. g!^_^ $
J[ Hand -painted Cushions, trmmei with satin [%
* ruffle and !a:e 6?C, $1.00 and $1 50 *
%¦¦ Hand-prntcd 5-pie c sets — 2 bottles aid pn .IJS^^**-"".*"" , ' _, , *" , &
I cushion. ... : $2 6a %£m- Oxford Teachsrs' |gj .;
jCMexican ar.d M:da2ascir hanl drawn were— .-rnvfj; BtK'*?'' "5? £0 Wi '%
i La DoyEa, Squaw, Trajl and Scars- each $g$ * *' < £t MS
5. *",. t n <•¦> zn c*FStft~ These zenuine Oxford $;,£¦ »
* 5 - c to •?•¦£••>" i&Sil Teachers 1 Bible*, with com- j f jV -J
*!.Ba:ter.berz ani Gui ure hanJ-made Circ'es, i>let^ helps. fin» flexible f-fi •*
•» «„„„». C.,» « .»,-' 95r tn t7 5ft i?lEs7i Morocco binding, opens flat. *rii« .J
£ Squares, b^z.s, eU Z3C to $/ S\) •^a/, Bm i t^nds or rolls without ftf-V X
H jrcSSfr' injurv divinity circuit. «i iJJ> .f
ft,*' ' 'Jifrxfc* leather lined to edc*, silk IBJKJ, St
•^ \J*A* j^wfil. r^ii under s;-*l.l 5Jr. ** ,*
& rlfiSTnnV lj?iririTP^ P*5*?» tort University Press: a •] $H?. S
k llUllUU V VU11U1C3. fe'im; r.IMe- that would have sold j&Kt '3
* A box of choice candies is alwav: an acceptable V^ ,|Vg *
B? presenr. Ail of our candies ar- made tr.sh a t;,ies us to s»Il th»m for^— Ji^Sji "'•
4£ daly in our own factory on the ferars. flPgtK «t« r% i f\ jffiff** «
The very best of matcnYs arr use! and better $0$M* iflsj»4iv« '\W** S
t.' can J i« cannot be proruced. We pu- up our c£p}&£ ,,, , , , . . . .. > J5
K nne can ie> in tin boxe, tor country shipxen: 4M* " f * WPi *
tf without extra charge. fflffi. < r ' atiS J f bU *"**" j£§! *
*;F.nest French MixeJ Candies— per lb 35c ($•?£>« tV ' r °^ iTC .flfiig "J
j£ All Nut TatFi s — per lb 25c JS^V^^r. t ;-'>stj-p--. | v-- r Y ->->' ¦r £Z$j VeB^^ n
tfCarame's an t Buttercjps— per lb 25c f3j2S2SSS2^w^s5S^5^^5^fl X
&Glace French Fruits -per lb 50c t^^^^^^^^^^^§ *
fefresh Saltrd A'monds— rer lb 50c e Z%B0 ir
* ; : 3»
I A Wondcrfvl Holiday 5
I /m\v Handkerchief Offering. |
|£ fjfl % 1 *\\ Our btillJar.t Christ lias window gives a slight idea of the 'J
& /fl V ¦'/' \i)i wonderfully complete tandkerchief stock. T/ousands of dainty "5
t£ >^j/, 4 *'|f handkerchiefs incased in pretty boxes to ira!ce the gift-givinjjc
ST v*," « ' I f VJA more pleasurable — ani all delightfully little priced. it
*" s ?£ '+^Vj/ * <^»^ Ladies* all-linen hemst.tched Handkerchie's, hani-embroideredj!
*1 **hSPh\. initial; half-dozen boxes, 90c and $1.50; each. .I5c and 25cjff
S iT2NJ^A /y- VS. /I stitched Handker-*
i <*^&£ "iff / / IVliK. chiefs, hand-en>-J
* All/ t ViS/ I '4\&&V btoideied !nitbl;JK
I" \W %^9m hailf -*»«a box«,*
l la ? C Haid aC ' : ?
5: *&^^ '^jitr li»;^cSS-£S
*f chkfs, with lace in- "2
fl> strtion^-each — '. 25c and 50c jf
SfReal Duchesie L*ci Haadkerchief3 or hind-made Honiton lace, braid style. . . .$1.50 to $10. OO*
jCMen's Initial Handkerchiefs — Extra qualty Japanot that looks like silk, with two-inch silk in--5
itial— box of six 5Ccjf
fc\M«n's Cambrc Handkerchiefs — Best quality, with initial — box of six $1.00-*
WMte Silk Msndkerciiefs — Made in Japan, hemstitched borders with beautifully ernbroid-'5
J> ered initials 25c, 50c, 75cjJ
A'A'aTaWa'A'A '*WAAAA'AyiWAA**AU'Ai*'A*\*WA*WAA*A'A'AlA"A 'AA^A'aTA'A'A'a'J^MA
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.A Scotti!»h soldier says that on entering
a captured Boer laager he saw a girl
about 13 or 19 years lying dead tv -*th a rifla
in her band and a bullet through her head.
Henry Miller Says "It Is the Only
Way."
. The traveling public saya "the only way" Is
tfit "Overland Limited." leaving San Francisco
daily at 10 a. m. via Central Pacific. Union Pa
cific and Chicago and Northwestern raUways
and running through to Chicago without char.ja
In tests than three days. Only four days to New
York or Boston.
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs. 25c. 633 Market street. •
J Thousands of pounds of California ghea
fruits all ready for shipping. Townser.d'3. #
Ex. strong hnarhour.,1 candy. Townseni'J*
Choice candles. Townsend's.Paiace Hotel.*
HELP HOME INDUSTRY.
4 •¦- # '
rROM the rains that have fallen so profusel)' in
all parts of the State, we can draw good auguries
of bountiful crops to come. We shall therefore
have large quantities of all kinds of California luxur
ies for sale next season. Why, then, should we not
take time by the forelock and at once do our best to
r.jake an eager market for them?
The season is propitious for such an undertaking.
Between now and New Year's day a great multitude
of gifts will be sent from this State to the East. These
gifts should be articles of California production. No
ether articles will be so welcome to the Eastern rela
tives or friends of Californians, for no other will be
sc thoroughly a Californian gift. Thus a double ben
ciit will be gained. We shall not only patronize home
iidusiries ourselves, but we shall help to create a de
mand for them in the East and thus bring about an
increased patronage from the people of those States.
It can hardly be necessary to remind Californians
that we have every kind of article appropriate for
Christmas remembrances and delights. We have
••vines, fruits, rai«ins, nuts, beautiful woods, pictures,
book* and many kinds of bric-a-brac. Why, then,
fhould we spend our money for articles of that kind
from "Europe?
In particular those industries engaged in working
up our orchard and vineyard products into fine wiriei
and the finer forms of fruit preserves and confections
merit liberal patronage. Although this is the- best
fruit and vine country in the world, we still import
from abroad large quantities of fruit confections and
wines. There is no reason for that sort of thing. It
is a result of the blind conservatism that goes along
the old way instead of turning aside to a better. Pat
ronize home. industries this Christmas. A single gift
will not be much in itself, but it "will help to make a
market that will consume large quantities of California
Sfoods later on. Be a helper in the cause.
WASHINGTON. Dec. IT.— Dr. D. B. Cof
fey of San Francisco and J. P. Dunn ot
Oakland are at the Metropolitan; L. I.
Levy and wife are at the Arlington; H. 5.
Scott and L. J. Scott are at the Shore
ham; Captain C. V. Malumgwlse. C L.
Malumgwise, ""A'tlUam Hunter, Jerry Hun
ter and T. Dlcknon aro at the National;
E. H. Buckman ia at the St. James; F. EL
Lcmsly and wife are at the Raleigh; *11
are of San Francisco.
CALIFORNIAUS IN WASHINGTON
ONCE more the Wholesale Seedsmen's League
has taken up the fight against the free distribu
tion of seed by the Government. The contest
is something like a forlorn hope, and yet it ought to
end in the success of the seedsmen, for there can be no
question but what the present 'practice of seed dis
tribution through Congressmen is a gross abuse of
what was intended to be a well-administered benefit
to the country. , . '¦¦$!*£
As at first devised the distribution of seed by the
Government was confined to rare seed, was under
taken for tKe purpose of introducing new plants and
finer varieties of existing plants among the gardens
and fields of the country. It began at. a time when
newspapers were few, communication was difficult,
and the propagation of new plants was a work that
might rightly engage the attention and some of the
energies of the Government. The old conditions have
changed. In our time anything in the way of im
proved seed is circulated faster by private competition
than any Government can possibly do it. Enterprising
farmers, gardeners. and florists read with attention the
periodicals devoted to their industries, and are prompt
to learn of any new seed and to make use of it.
While the conditions of seed dissemination have,
thus changed; the'practice of the Government in mak
ing the distribution has changed also. It is no longer
a distribution of rare seeds. It is a free gift of nearly
all kinds of common seed. Of late years the Govern
ment annually gives away 24,000,000 packets of garden
seeds and tens of thousands of dollars', worth of flower
and field, seeds. The specifications call for 241,000
pounds of lettuce, onion, cucumber, beet, radish. and
melon seeds, and 15,000 bushels of sugar corn, peas
and beans, besides many thousand pounds and bushels
cf other products.
In protesting against the injury done to their.trade,
by this free distribution of seed, the secretary of the
Wholesale Seedsmen's League gays in a -recent:' cir
cular:
"For years the seed trade has been the only business
FREE SEED DISTRIBUTION.
It will be remembered that when Buller was on his
way to the front last year he announced *an expecta
tion of eating his Christmas. "dinner, in Pretoria. He
| did not keep his word, -Kitchener may eat Christmas
dinner in Pretoria this year, but he cannot eat it in
peace. He knows not -at what point along his ; scat
tered lines the Boers may .attack, nor what troop will
be captured next. Clearly the Chamberlain pro
gramme is one that will have to be postponed.. From
the, present outlook, it appears that if the establish
ment i>f civil government is to wait upon !' the suppres
sion'of the indomitable commandos of Dewet and De
larey, it ' is so remote that it does not deserve to be
considered a part of, practical politics. \
The programme is a good .one and won for Mr.
Chamberlain not ; only a^vote^of confidence in. Parlia
ment, but considerable approval from the world at
large. Fortunately for Chamberlairi, Parliament ad
jcurned for the holidays' almost immediately after the
speech was made.' Had it continued- in session but a
short time longer, ao'me .awkward -questions would
have been put to the Colonial Minister. /The success
achieved by the Boers in capturing large detachments
of tho best -British ttoops within the last few days
would have made. those questions inevitable; for how'
could there have been any discussion of the Chamber
lain programme since. the\ occurrence of those victor
ies, .without raising the inquiry: ' "How fare you going
to suppress the guerrilla war?"
DURING the brief session of Parliament, Mr.
Chamberlain, in reply to attacks upon him,
made a statement of the policy the Government
intends to pursue in dealing with the Boers. The
policy was embodied in a programme of three parts;
first, the restoration of order by the suppression of
the" guerrilla war; second, the establishment of civil
government under the form of a crown colony, with
equal rights to Boers and Britons; third, the erection
of both the Transvaal and Orange River colony into
self-governing colonies lttce Canada or Austral^ as
soon as possible. . .. : . ¦ ' : ,^\: : :
A POSTPONED PROGRAMME.
Five Eastern cities— Buffalo, St. Louis, New Or
leans, Charleston and Atlanta — have expositions under
way or in prospect, but in the whole of the Greater
West there is not one so much as talked gf. Why
should we permit the East to get all the benefits that
accrue. from such enterprises?
REPAIRS— C... City. This correspondent
asks: "If 'a tenant .occupies' a": building
and seme boys, strangers and in no way
connected with the family: of the occu
pant, should in playing ', break . a window
In the house, must the tenant or the land
lord repair the damage?'- .The' lessor la
GENERAL J. F. ; SMITH-K. L. T.,
City.", James F., Smith, who left- this city
in May, isos.as colonel of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers and was afterward pro
moted brigadier : general of volunteers In
the Philippines, was appointed Military
Governor of Negros Island, o He • did no't
return- with the * First California. -He Is
still in the Philippines..
SPECTATOR— E. I_ P., City.. It la
proper to write, ."Miss B. was a spectator
at .the races to-day," but it is" not proper
to write, "was a spectariss." " Yet it
would be proper to write either "was a
spectatress or spectatrix," for either
means a female spectator. ; . ;
TWO HILLS-B., City. ./According to
the established grades of .Ban Francisco,
the Intersection of Union and Montgomery
streets on the peak of Telejrraph Hill is
220 feet above base. • The intersection of
California and Jones streets, the highest
point on California-street •Hill, is 300 feet
above base. , ' '
CHATTEL ; MORTGAGE — Subscriber,
Marysville, Cal.' If a person gives a chat
tel mortgage on a portion of his goods
and such goods are allowed to remain in
the possession - of the mortgagor other
creditors cannot • attach the . goods so
mortgaged. - -.- , * * ''•. y> ¦*;';-• ¦
LARGEST BU1LDING-P., City. Tho
most capacious building In the* world is
St. Peter's, at Rome. It has a capacity
of 54,000. There are any number of tall
buildings in the United? States. There Is
one In Chicago twenty-three stories In
height. ______ * . I
LARGEST CLOCKS— M. F. W.. City.
Among the largest clocks in J . the world
may be mentioned the one at Strass
bourg. the one In ; Westminster, ¦ London,
the one In the tower of the Glasgow Uni
versity and one In Buffalo, N. Y.
GLADSTONE— Reader, Colusa, Cal.
Miss Gladstone is not writing a biography
of her late father. The family authorized
John Morley to prepare such. Miss Glad-
Stone has only furnished data for the
work. .
: # '
BETS— P.. City. The Call's department
of Answers to Correspondents furnishes
the best Information obtainable as to
matters contained in letters of Inquiry,
but It does not undertake to decide beta.
TUNNELS— A. F., City. There are nine
tunnels between San Francisco and '.TlUah
on the line of the California, Northwestern
Railway Company.
STREET RAILROADS-J. H. S.. City.
The aggregate mileage of street railroads
in San Francisco is 245.50. ¦ -
THE NAVY— Subscriber, City. The navy
of the United States Is greater and
stronger than that of Germany.
THE GOLDEN MEAN— j. F. McC. City
Keep' th,e 'golden mean was one of the
maxims of Cleobulas. one of the seven
wise men who was King of Lindus. in
Rhodes, in the sixth c«ntury B C Tho
expression is used by Horace, whose
verse, freely translated, is:
He that holds the golden mean.
And lives contentedly between
The little and the great.
Feels not the wants that pinch the poor
Noi\ plagues that haunt the rich man's
- A LESSOR'S RIGHT— J. H., City Thl*
correspondent asks "Can I hold out rin»
If the landlord will nonrepair thS'rSS
The rain comes in every room. I pav my
The lessor', of a_ bulldlns: intended for J™
paocy by human beings must in the aWr££ r
an agreement to the contrary hut ., i?,
condition nt for such occupancy. nd re^.n
«ibi<«quent dilapidations tWof whlch^end.r
his ordinary n*e»rence. * occasioned by
If after a reasonable time art** „„.!„
the lessor of dilapidation whl?" h e o^ht «
repair, he neglect, to do no. the £«"£? JL l ?
repair the fame himself, where the cm'^ JT.?i
repairs do not require expenditure water Than
t.ne month*, rent, of the t.remises. and dedSo
the expense of «uch renalr from th" rem o ;
the lessee may vacate the premised Tin which
ment h< V r^ " >* dl i" h »^ 'ron, further ££
ment ot rent or performance of the condition/
ANTI-SUFFRAGE-C. H. S.,Clty. There
is no regularly organized association In
San Francisco againut woman suffrage A
movement of that character was started
in Oakland some time ago. If you> com
municate with Miss E. M. Van Duyne 761
East Fourteenth street, Oakland, you may
be able to learn something of the move
ment. ¦ *
THEATERS— T. G.. City. The atage of
the Grand Opera-house in Paris is 178 feet
wide and 74 feet deep; that of the Grand
Opera-house in San Francisco is 108 feet
wide, with a depth of S7Vi feet. The stage
of the Metropolitan Opera-house in New
York Is 101 feet wide and S3 feet deep
RAILROAD TERMINI-N. N.. City. The
termini of the Central Pacific Railroad
are San Francisco and Opden. For the
termini of the Southern Pacific with Its
many branches, consult either the A B
C Guide or the Railroad Gazetteer, to be
found in any railroad office.
ACREAGE-E. O., City. There Is no
such word in the English language as
acerage. to designate territory. The word
is acreage.
TABLE ETIQUETTE-F. S,. City. At
a dinner party a gentleman should alwavs
sit to the left of the lady he Is escorting.
THE CRIMEAN WAR— Subscriber.
City. The number of lives sacrificed dur
ing the Crimean war was 95,615.
not bound to make repairs except of such
damages as occur through his*- negligence
or there" Is a stipulation in the contract,
verbal or written, that he shall make re
pairs.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
" A thirteen-year-old boy in New York has been con
victed of being a professional gambler. When ar
rested he had on his person a sum of money equal to
$250, which he said he had won at craps on an original
stake of twenty-five cents. To have won so large a
sum at so small a game implies energy as well as skill,
and the youth may become a money king when he
grows up and be a Wall street idol.
MAUVE .VELVET TOQUE.
The toque represented Is of mauve mir
ror velvet, with a large chased gold
buckle in front and a bow of the velvet
above It, and two amazon feathers, one
of which droops over the back of the hat.
MAUVE CASHMERE DRESS
The indoor dress represented is of
mauve cashmere In the princess style. It
is In Imitation of a long tunic draped over
a violet velvet blouse, which shows over
the upper part of the bust. Beneath tha
indentations of the tunic is seen a frilled
flounce of amethy3t velvet.
C. E. Peassall and wife are at the Pal
ace. They came in on the Pomona yester
day morning and report that their boat
narrowly escaped being lost while cross-
Ing the bar.
C. E. King, heading a party cf seven
Eastern newspaper men, members of tha
Eastern Newspaper League, is at the Oc
cidental.
James E. Bell, who has extensive lum
ber interests in Everett, Wash., Is stop
ping at the Grand for a few days.
F. F. Mead and wife of New York, who
are on their .wedding tour, are registered
at the Palace. \
j. \v. Fuller and wife of Portland havo
taken apartments at the California for a
few days.
George Blake, a Coultervllle mining
man, is among the late arrivals at tha
Lick.
G. "W. Beecher. an Arizona mining man.
is at the Grand.
J. W. Barrett, a Sonora mining men, ia
registered at the Russ.
Judge J. . E. Prewett of Auburn arrived
at the Lick last evening.
George T. Ditzler, a Biggs rancher, la
registered at the Grand.
Adjutant General "W. H. Seamans ot
Sacramento is at the California,
Frederick "Ward© and Miss Ward© of
Xew York are registered at the Palace.
is at the Lick.
Dr. Paul C. Alexander of Angels la at
the Grand.
L.. F. Puter. a Eureka attorney. 1* at
the Grand.
L. F. Hatfleld, a Sacramento attorney.
Grand. f
Drury Melons ot Oak Knoll Is at ths
Palace.
J. Kerfoot and -wlf* of Fernfiale a—» at
the Russ.
David Starr Jordan is at the Occidental.
Dr. J. Dammon ot Stockton b 1 at the
PERSONAL MENTION.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
Our advice may not reach the stirring and excited
scene of these events, but if it could we would advise
the angry ladies, who seem so regardful of Mr.
Castle's feelings, that in lynching Miss Morrison they
may deprive him of a second matrimonial experience
thst would add to the exhibit Kansas can already
make as a !and p of vicissitude and novelty.
It is strange that none of the indignant and pros
pective lynchcrs has thought to discuss Mr. Castle.
"Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned," and as
Miss Morrison was obviously scorned, the "gentle
dames should admit that she had a right to out-hell
hell.
The ladies of Eldorado have divided into two camps,
and in one of them there is talk of organizing a lynch
ing party and hanging Miss Morrison to a lamp post
ci telegraph pole, if she is set free. This is to be done
exclusively by the ladies, with no aid, comfort or as
sistance by the coarser sex. The social fabric of El
dorado is split in two by the heat of the affair. The
local newspaper has been stoned by the Morrison
party, and that young lady defies her petticoated ene
mies, and says she does not fear them.
Mr. Castle, the gentleman whose surplus stock of
sttentions was the remote cause of the lamentable
tragedy, seems to be a self-centered sort of person,
with remarkable self-control. It is alleged that during
the trial of Miss Morrison for the crime of making
him a widower, he declared that the affair bored him,
and so-he got up a party and went hunting!
It may be that Mrs. Castle wore an air of triumph
with her wedding ring, but be that as it may, there
opened between the two women a great gulf of exas
peration, and they met one day with razors, and when
they parted Mrs. Castle's throat was slit beyond re
pair and the poor lady died. For this encounter Misi
Iviorrison has just been on trial, and a jury failed to
convict her. It is believed in Eldorado that she can
i:ct be convicted, and that her discharge will follow.
\A ISS MORRISON of Eldorado, Kansas, was
/ \ the recipient of the amatory attentions of Mr.
* ¦ Olin Castle. Mr. Castle had a large assortment
ar.d general stock of such attentions, and bestowed
tome of the good; also upon Miss Wiley. A marriage
between him and the latter followed and Miss Morri
son was left with nothing but Mr. Castle's attentions
oa hand.
LYNCHING LADJES.
It is not' easy to understand why legislation to pre
vent a misuse of the flag should be opposed by any
one. Of course, a measure too drastic in its nature or
unskillfully drawn would be worse than no bill at all.
The American people in their love for the flag delight
in using it upon all occasions and it is right they
should have the full and free use of it so long as they
do not really desecrate it. Nevertheless, there is such
a- thing as making it too common, and offenses ot
that nature should be prohibited under a penalty ot
punishment. Thirteen States have passed such acts
and the nation should confirm their action.
¦-,.-:.. t .__,_,______.,_______, . ,
The history of former efforts to procure the enact
ment of such legislation is interesting. We learn from
the pamphlet that flag legislation was enacted in the
fifty-first Congress, May, 1890, by the House of Rep
resentatives, but the Senate rejected the bill as too
drastic. Representative J. A. Caldwell of Ohio, who in
troduced a flag bill in Jarfuary, 1894, resigned from the
fifty-third Congress. Repeated endeavors of Jacob H.
Bromwell of Ohio in the fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth
Congresses met with discouragement in the Judiciary
Committee room, and Mr. Bromwell turned his atten
tion to other important legislation. William E. Bar
rett of Massachusetts attained no success with his flag
bill in the fifty-fifth Congress. Mr. Barrett declined a
renomination. The various flag bills introduced by
Representatives J. H. Davidson of Wisconsin, J. J.
Jenkins of Wisconsin, John Dalzell of Pennsylvania,
George E. Foss of Illinois, Ernest W. Roberts cf
Massachusetts, A. S. Toinpkins of New York and
others now lie in the Judiciary Committee room await
ing Congressional resurrection. In the Judiciary Com
mittee room of the Senate flag bills have been intro
duced by Senators Henry C. Hansbrough, John C.
Spooner, Joseph V. Quarles, Thomas C. Platt and
others. In 1898 General Griffin addressed a communi
cation to the flag committee of the Daughters of the
American Revolution as follows: "I have interceded
in behalf of flag legislation with members of the
Judiciary Committee until I think I have exhausted
their patience, and as to those candidates for Con
gressional nominations who refuse to commit them
selves to support and vote for some one of the flag
bills every patriotic citizen ought to feel justified in
opposing their nomination."
PROMOTERS of the movement for the enact
ment of legislation to prevent the desecration
of the national flag or its use for any un
worthy purpose have prepared for the campaign of
education on the subject a pamphlet containing strong
and unanswerable arguments in its favor. It contains,
moreover, statements from many of our greatest men
in favor of such legislation; and among them is no
less a person than President McKinley, who is quoted
as. saying: "Those^who seek to divert the flag from
its sacred uses should be restrained by public law."
LEGISLATION FOR ThJE FLflG.
The recently published inventory of. the estate of'
the late Cornelius Vanderbilt has attracted a goo'l
deal of attention in the East and it is noted with sur
prise that although the personal property is valued
a* $53,690,000 and the real estate at $20,000,000, the
estate contained no United States bonds or other pub
lic securities. Mr. .Vanderbilt preferred to U3e his
money in some industrial enterprise to investing it
in bonds, and consequently made it available in ad
vancing^ the general welfare of all who profit by in
dustry.
WHEN the French House of
Deputies passed a bill last
-week- forbidding -the ¦ manu
facture or sale In France of
absinthe and- other- alcoholic
liquors which are pronounced "danger
ous" by tho Academy of Medicine It rec
ognized the terrible spread of the "green
terror," which . is said to be responsible
for the great Increase In • Insanity and
other Bimilar afflictions among the French
people. Since 1894, as was pointed out in
the Chamber of Deputies, the amount of
absinthe consumed in .France has dou
bled, it now reaching the amount of 10,
000,000 litres, or , nearly. 10,060,000 quarts,
annually. .This.; amounts to one quart of
absinthe to each three Inhabitants, in
cluding men, .women and 'children. In
Paris the reports of the Ministry of Fi
nance show, that there : is an absinthe
seller to every three buildings in the me
tropolis. Already the green .terror has
killed many of the most brilliant men of
tho country. Guy. de Maupassant, Alfred
de Musset, Baudelaire, who translated
Poe's works into French; Theodore Bar
rlere, Andre Gill, the artist, and a host
of other men of letters and of genius
burned their- brains away with the green
name and died miserable deaths. ' Even
four years ago, before the habit had
reached half Its present strength, Henri
Rochefort started a crusade against its
use. In his appeal to the people he said:
"Absinthe is the bane of the nation and
is killing France."
The French nation did not go into the
drinking of absinthe of their own choice.
How it came to be introduced is a cu
rious story. During the Algerian war of
1844-47 the French troops, in Africa suf
fered greatly from tropical fever and
many things were tried as . preventives.
Among them was absinthe, and it was
found to be effective. The 'soldiers were
ordered to mix small quantities of it three
times a day with the ordinary French
wine which they drank, t They objected
at first to the new "medicine," declaring
that it spoiled the taste of their wine.
Gradually, however, they grew to like It.
and within a few years they were much
more willing to do without their claret
thnn without their "greeni spirits." Fi
nally absinthe drinking became such an
evil in the army that it was found neces
sary to entirely forbid It. Now a French
soldier or sailor who is found "sipping: the
insidious liquor is severely punished.
Hut the soldiers returning- from Algiers
took the habit back with them and It rap
idly spread among all classes of the peo
ple. H cured or prevented the fever of
the Algerian soldiers, but. it has come
near "killing the- French nation."
Absinthe is made by pounding the
leaves sfnd flowering tops of- various va
rieties of wormwood, which grow from
Thus, for Instance. It Is related that
one night he was lying, upon tho b«d In
his room reading by theXgaslight when a
large baboon came Into the room and
looked at him In a sorrowful way. Then
It went out. only to enter a moment later
with a second baboon in Its arms. The
two proceeded to stretch a slack rope
across the room Immediately above his
bed, and then, walking the rope, they dis
appeared through the wall. Following
closely behind them across the rope,
passing in through one wall and out
through the other, came all the animals
which were in Noah's ark. "When the ele
phant started to walk across the slender
cord to close- above his head. Barrier©
gave a tremendous yell of terror, which
brought assistance and a doctor.
Alfred de Musset. the poet, became such
a devotee of the green terror that he
made no effort in his later years to stop
its use. Regularly night after night he
went to his cafe and sat there consuming
glass after glass, until he was in such a
condition that he was often picked up un
conscious on the streets.
The effects of absinthe on people who
drink It habitually are admitted by medi
cal men to be worse than those which fol
low the use of brandy or other strcntr
spirits. It soon becomes to its devotes
the first necessity of life. To get it they
will sacrifice anything. Taken by a. nov
ice and in small doses, it has for a time
pleasant eflects". The br.iln and nil the
faculties are stimulated, and a dull per
son may under its influence seem almost
brilliant. It apparently has no effect when
taken In small quantities on the .steadi
ness cf carriage or the deportment of its
users. There is nothing about them to
betrav that they are under the influence
of a drug. But if a single glass above a
certain amount be taken the victim is
likely to fall like a log, all his faculties
paralyzed and entirely unconscious. He
may lie in this condition for hours, and
on recovering: his consciousness he will
feel like a man who is suffering from an
aronlz!nc disease.
Tortonl's famous cafe was in th» old
days the resort of a coterie of Parisian
writers and artists who went there before
the dinner hour to drink their absinthe.
For many years the green liquor was
drawn from the same old barrel, which
was periodically filled with absinthe
brought from ICeufchatel. Among the
young men who were present every even
ing In the crowd was Theodore- Barrlere.
He became a victim to the absinthe de
mon in its worst phases, and his disor
dered brain was filled for months with
the weirdest and most terrifying dreams
and visions.
two to four feet high In great profusion
under cultivation, and various other aro
matic plants and covering the mass with
alcohol. After soaking for eight days the
compound 13 distilled, yielding a green
liquor, to which a certain percentage of
anise seed oil is usually added. It wn3
first made by a couple of old Swlas v:v
men who found It a good remedy and
preventive for fevers.
TUESDAY DECEMBER 18, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MA.V*(iEli'i OFFICE Telephone Preii 2O»
ITBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. K.
Telephone Pren 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenioa St.
Telephone 1'rrw 202.
Delivered Th- Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per VTeelc
Single Copten. S Cent*.
Term* by JIr.il. Including Poataret
DAI_T CALT.. (lneludlnr Eunday), on« year $«-<!'>
DAILT CALL (including Sunflar). • months »•«
r>AILT CALL (Including Sundajr). » months l.CJ
DAILT CALL— By Single Month ***•
ELNDAT CALL, One Tear • 1M
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear 191
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
• oli«rrlpsfan<.
fsir.pl" cop«e» will be forwarded when requested.
Vail Rjbeer!t*rs in crderinc chance of aadre"' should b»
r«r.!cu!sr to glre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS !n order
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with thel f request.
i'AKUXD OFFICE .1118 Bn^adwor
C. -EO11GK KHOGTESS.
Vanager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lent Dirtance Telephone "Central 2Vtt.")
NEW TOnK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Sqosre
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnlldtns:
NETV TORK NEWS STANDS:
Weldcrf-Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano, — . Union Square:
Jlurray Hill Kctel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Frrr.rxt House: Auditorium Hotel.
Danger Ahead.
Lord Salisbury, who has a Parliament
on his hands, may well envy Mr. McK.n
ley, who, so far from beins obliged to as*
Congress for more taxes. Is able to recoinr
mend a reduction. -It is upon the rock _;
heavy taxes that the Salisbury: govern
ment will eventually split.— CHICAGO
CHRONICLE.
Moral Awakening.
There are some Indications of a moral
awakening: among the various branches of
the churches of Chrlstendnm. V. hether it
prows out of the prevalence of criir.e and
the frequency of divorce at home or tho
strained relations of the nations ar.d the
great crisis in missions abroad, or wheth
er it is a deepening «ense of responsibility
that comes with the entrance upon tho
twentieth century, one can only conjec
ture.—PROVIDENCE JOURNAL.
What Is There in Hypnotism?
Seriously, what Is there In hypnotism?
How much of truth is mixed with the
deluge of nonsense in which its curious
psychological phenomena ha\e been
wrested into recent /prominence? The
charlatans and fakers who have chiefly
posed as its exponents cannot answer
these questions to the satisfaction of anjr
one. It would seem to be a problem ia
medical jurisprudence worth serious in
vestigation.—NEW YORK TIMES.
Whera Women Voted.
A study of the votes cast by wonxa In,
the recent Presidential election doea not
reveal anything 1 of a startling nature. In
the States of Idaho. Colorado. Wyoming
and Utah female suffrage has full swing,
and the newspapers of those States report
that there was nothing particularly pict
uresque about the feminine vote. In only
one of the three States mentioned was
there a female candidate for office, and
she was overwhelmingly defeated, and.
strange to relate, largely by the votes oc
her own sex. She may have been one 05
those "stuck up things." or so much bet
ter looking than the other women aa to
arouse their Jealousy: nevertheless, »ha
was beaten, and a man got the office »ha
was running for.— NEW ORLEANS
STATES.
A Good Despot.
Rumors come to the outside world from
time to time that the Czar Is planning
some great reforms for Russia, and &
constitution, or some approach to one.
is confidently expected by an element of
the Russian population. It is significant
that there is an almost entire absence in
the past few years of all Nihilistic dem
onstrations. A good despot can accom
plish much in the way of reform. By a,
few strokes of his pen Nicholas II freed,
six times as many slaves as were emanci
pated by four years of war and the ex*
pendlture of hundreds of thousands off
lives and billions of dollars of money ia
the United States, and Nicholas II be*,
longs to the category of good despota.--
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT.
The Ministerial Profession.
There were a few suggestions ma_» by
the speakers at the Episcopalian Club
dinner this past week, which showed a
changed aspect going on In the Christian
ministry of to-day. In a sense, there 13
no professional calling which stands at a
greater disadvantage. Its efficiency and
its Intellectual strength are evident, but
its attractiveness as a profession is on
the wano. No profession receives bo
much criticism, and no profession grows
so sensitive over it. No on* would pre
sume to take this same sort of freedom,
with the professions of law and medi
cine. There the layman's criticism is
either Ignored or despised. Ministers, as
a class, in dealing with the people, have
too largely endeavored to shape their pro
fessions In accordance with the demands
of the people. Consequently they have
been made acquainted with strange
freaks In criticism and are exposed to
constant attack. — BOSTON TRANS
CRIPT.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
In the case of the Egyptian, Greek and Roman re
searches in archaeology, the world has the guidance
of much reliable contemporary history. But in Mexico
the mysteries of the ancient races are told only by a
few carved .stones. and these jade beads and ornaments
that must have come from Asia.
If the Spaniards had been less destructive we would
have had plainer trace's, of the introduction of Budd
hism than are now known. But there exist many
images of Quetzalcoatl that closely resemble the Chi
nese images of Buddha.
• American universities may well turn their attention
to the archaeological field presented in Mexico. The
great Toltec pyramids at Teotihuacon and Cholula
are practically unexplored, as are large numbers of the
lesser teocallis built by the Aztecs.
Anthropologists have long reasoned in the same
line, from the physical resemblance between our In
dians and the Tartars. '
Captain' Evans is of the opinion that our Indian
tribes were of Siberian Tartar origin, as were the
Scythians, who scalped their enemies in war.
The theory held is that the Chinese and Tartars
coasted in their primitive craft up the Asiatic coast
until they reached the Aleutian archipelago and then,
always in sight of land, followed that chain of islands
to -the Alaskan coast, down which they skirted until
they reached Mexico, .which is believed to have been
the country called "Fusang" in Chinese annals.
President Diaz considers the new discovery of such
importance that he has devoted $200,000 for the pur
pose of a complete excavation and examination of
the teocalli. As the Chinese language has been writ
ten longer than any other living tongue and has
changed less than any, it is possible that under the
Mexican teocallis and their mightier predecessors, the
Toltec pyramids, may be found inscriptions in that
language which will reveal the origin of the primitive
American races.
The Two Republics says that jade is found only in
China, but Captain Evans, an archaeologist of repute,
corrects this. He states that jade is found only in
Siberia, India. China and New Zealand. This cor
rection, it will be observed, does not at all mar the
importance of the jade find in Mexico. Mr. Vining
in his work gives the evidence, from Chinese records,
that a Buddhist priest reached Mexico in the year
499 A. D. and returned to China, and his report to the
Emperor became common knowledge throughout
China, Japan' and Korea.
But enough did escape to rouse the keenest interest.
The Aztecs prized jade ornaments above all other per
sonal adornments, holding them more precious than
diamonds are now.
Unfortunately, the Spanish conquerors of Mexico
ruthlessly destroyed as much as they could annihilate
cf the ancient Aztec and Toltec records. Whatever
escaped them had to be too ponderous for their icon
oclastic rage to extirpate, or was hidden in the ground.
In this way evidences disappeared that would now be
invaluable to the archaeologist and historian.
nary bead form
The Two Republics says that excavations in that
city have uncovered an old Aztec teocalli in the ruins
of which have been found a thousand jade beads.
Beads and ornaments of jade have been found in
Mexico before, but this last find amounts to nearly
a half bushel of highly polished beads, ranging in
color from a pale to a dark green. The most numer
ous are two centimeters in diameter, and of the ordi-
Mr. E. P. Yining of this city has recently published
a summing-up of evidence bearing upon the Chinese
origin of the primitive Mexican races. Since that
publication the author's conclusions have been con
firmed by a startling discovery in the City of Mexico.
But we have nearer to us a more interesting field
for the archaeologist. There have long been evidences
of a remote Chinese occupation of Mexico. It will be
rtmembered that the excavations of Troy, made by
Schliemann, developed evidence that in the Troad,
under the Greek remains and beneath those of the
predecessors of the Greeks, were found pottery,
jewelry and metal objects, that were clearly of Chi
nese origin, proving that a Chinese city had once oc
cupied the Troad. Tn Mexico have been developed
evidences that that ancient race had a foothold there,
and developed institutions which influenced the Tol
tec and Aztec civilizations.
J\A R. LOUIS DYER'S enthusiasm ha» lighted
/ \ American interest in the researches proposed
.*'.' in the, island of Crete. That work, which will
reveal much that is no»v legend, tradition and romance
in the archaic age of the Greek tribes, is of importance
to all students,- and will doubtless receive much finan
cial assistance in this country.
ANCIENT MEXICO.
There can be no question of the soundness of tho3e
statements. At the present time the only purpose
served by the distribution of free seed is that of enab
ling Congressmen to stnd the seed in small quantities
as a sort of souvenir to their constituents. . The only
thing encouraged by the practice is an expectation on
the part of ,a considerable number of people t*o g;t
something for nothing. It would be better to abolish
the custom; and all commercial and industrial organi
zations ought to make a common cause with the
Seedsmen's League in fighting against it.
thus crushed down by the .Government, and the com
petition is annually, getting worse and can only have
the one^effect of driving. some reputable dealers out of
business. ..* * * The Government takes care not
to antagonize any other interest except the seed busi
ness,. yet it might just as well present to the farmers'
wives baking soda or 4pap, or to the coal miner pow
der or dynamite."
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY; DECEMBER 18, 1900.
Extent of Absinthe Evil Against Wh ? ch the French
S^Sf Chamber Is Battling.
"THREE GREEN TERROR"
.'The local woman who is said to be making herself
heir to fortunes- which exist only on paper must have
accepted altogether too literally the desire to "have
money; to burn. '
Time to express Towr.send's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes cr Jap. bas
kets. A pice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses «nd public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
6
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator,
The host liver medicine. A vesotable cure for
i liver Uls, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
DR. SIEGERT'S Arrostura Bitters excit* tha
appetite «nd prepare the stomach for «• work.
A half wine glass befor* meala, G«t aiSOXRT*d.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Friday. December IX. at 11 o'clock.
Carnage?, nuggles. etc., at corner Natoma and New Mont-
6-otTier}- streets.
By Edward P. Spear & Co.— Thursday, Friday and Satur-
day, at 11 o'clock a. m. t at 31-33 Putter street. Bcoks.
A-IUSEl-ElSrTS.
A'l—mbra— "Paid Pasha."
California— "Cle Olson."
Orpheum — Vaude vil le.
Grand Or«-r»-hous«>— "A Tale of Two Cities."
Alcazar— "Madame Butterfly."
Columbia— "The Duke's Jester."
Tivoli— "Cinderella."
"Central Theater— •"Tlie Heart of Maryland.** Saturday night.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.inc.
Fi?ch?r>— Va-Jdevllle.
Tanforan Park— Races to-day.Prisoners in Morocco are compelled. to
pay the officers for their trouble in - ar
resting and escorting them to I Jail. I - This
plan makes the police watchful and al
ways alert for business • • • .
¦ -. — ¦ — -.¦<— "-¦ -~ . - -¦-/,>. "-
All kinds of provisions, candy and toys
for the Maria Kip Orphanage will be
thankfully received at Goldberg, Bowen
& Co., 232 Butter street, an Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, Dec 20, 21 and 22,
by a committee of the managers. Money
will be gladly received and acknowledged
Immediately by Mrs. Sidney Worth, treas
urer, 1721 Vallejo street.
Christmas Offerings.
OAKLAND, Dec 17.— The City .Council
to-night instructed the City Attorney to
commence action in the courts to compel
the Contra Costa Water Company to put
in additional flre hydrants which were or
dered, and which the company has failed
to provide. = .
The City Attorney - was instructed ¦ to
draw up an ordinance directing all elec
tric, telephone and telegraph, companies
to - put their wires under ground : in tha
district bounded by First, Twentieth,
Grove and Webster streets. r
An ordinance was passed to print limit"
Ing the merchants to eighteen inches from
the property line, within which to display
their wares on the sidewalks. ¦
The Legislature was asked to ' cedW to
the city a complete title to mil of ' Lmkm
Merritt.
Oakland City Council.
Sllsslon Camp, on the night of the 7th
Jnst-. gave an entertainment and dance In
the 6cd Fellows' Hall which was attended
by a large number of people who were
entertained with a pleasing programme
of music, songs and recitations which
was given by P. A. Dunworth. Messrs.
Kohn and Torres, Cyrus B. Newton, the
Columbian Quartet, Professor Miller,
Burt Van Cleve. Ed. Kreiss and Miss
Hazel Ott and Master Herbert Kavanagh.
muring the evening P. F. Gllroy. consul
commander of Mission Camp, introduced
to the audience the degree teams of the
Golden Gate and Mission camps, each of
which gave a short exhibition drill. The
affair was under fhe direction of S. H.
Stewart, Dr. A. L. White, Fred Hess. HL
C. Hazelrfcg and 6. F. Keith, the gen
eral committee. _ _
I^ast Monday night In Golden Gate Camp
after the transaction of the regular busi
ness of the evening, there was a. social
evening which was enjoyed by a large
number of the membership. Ttere was
a varied programme that was pleasing in
the extreme, and was calculated to show
that the social feature of this very active
camp is not neglected.
Western Addition Camp will hold a
Christmas tree festival in the Social Hall
of the Alcazar on- the night of the 20th
lnst.. when there will be an unusually
*t>od programme of fun and the distribu
tion of gifts to the children of neigh
bors.
Woodmen of the World.
Last week Bay City Circle showed
Its appreciation of the many acts of
fraternal courtesy by Martha Wash
ington Circle to it by glvfng the officers
and members of that body a reception In
the social hall of the Alcazar. After an
evening of music and dancing there was
a collation and addresses appropriate to
tbe occasion by a number of those pres
ent.
On the last night in November, Grand
Eub Chief Companion Miss Alice Tlcoulet,
assisted by Past Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. Emma Harrington, Grand Financial
Secretary Mips Agnes D. Bremer and
Grand Trustees Mrs. H. Worms and Mrs.
A. Davis, instituted a new circle in Hay
wards.- to be known as Haywards Circle
No. 461. with forty-one charter members.
There were present at the Institution the
members of Elmhurst Circle and repre
sentatives from Hamlet, Golden Era and
Martha "Washington circles. After the in
stitution the first work In that line by the
grand eub chief, and which ¦was per
formed in a manner equal to that of those
who have Instituted many circles, seven
teen propositions for membership were
presented and the promise wsls made that
the new circle •will in a. short time have
as large a membership as the court,
which numbers 125.
The apron and necktie party that was
given by Golden Era Circle on the night
of November 14, In Pythian Castle, was
well attended and was one of those en
jovable functions for which this enterpris
ing circle is noted. There was a choice
programme of dances and an attentive
committee to see that none who wished
to dance lacked for partners*
Inter Nos Circle at Its last held meeting
bad a large attendance and a very Inter
acting meeting. Among the speakers of
the evenir.g were Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, dis
trict deputy grand chief companion and
the chief companion of Martha Washing
ton Circle. Inter Nos will have a Christ
mas tree party, on which occasion each
member of th«» circle will receive a pres
ent. Emma Harrington, P. G. C. C. and
M. E. O. W., will have charge of the tree.
Companions of F. of A,
PALACE HOTEL
GUEST PLACED
IN THE TANKS
Andrew White Brown Said
to Be a Fugitive From
A well dressed young man named An
drew White Brown was arrested last
night by Detective Whltaker in a dis
patch from Kulton, Oswego County. New
York, for grand larceny. Brown arrived
here'about ten days ago from New York
and registered at the Palace Hotel. He
claimed that ho was the son of a New
Tork millionaire and that he was making
a trip around the world.
Late yesterday afternoon the head of
the detective department received a dis
patch from the Sheriff of Oswego County
asking him to arrest Brown. His address
In this city was given as the Union
League Club. Detective Whitaker was
given the dispatch,- which contained a
good description of Brown, and ordered
to arrest him. Whitaker found film at
the Palace Hotel conversing with Jule
Gamage. a private detective. When shown
the telegram Brown laughed at Its con
tents, but did not attempt to conceal his
identity. Whitaker took him to police
headquarters, where he was closely ques
tioned.
Brown pretended to be at a loss to ac
count for his arrest, except that he, had
purchased several articles' of jewelry in
Fulton and left without paying for them
In full.
"You have no right to lock me up," in
dignantly declared Brown to the chief of
the detective force. "This is a civil mat
ter, not a criminal one."
Gamage. who accompanied Brown to po
lice headquarters, also Interceded for him
but to no avail. Brown was then escorted
to the City Prison and locked up in the
"tanks." Word was at once sent to the
Sheriff of Oswego County announcing the
arrest and asking for further particulars
about his alleged crime. An answer Is ex
pected some time to-day.
Royal Arcanum.
A new council of the Royal Arcanum
has been Instituted at Stockton by Ij. R.
Le Land, p. G. R., with thirty-eight char
ter members.
The new council being organized at Ala
meda will be Instituted early In January
by Grand Regent L. A. Spencer.
Supreme Representative George W.
Dixon is organizing a new council In this
city. He has already secured about thirty
names to a petition for a charter and as
soon as fifty shall have been secured it
will be Instituted. ¦ •
WASHINGTON', I>ec. 16.— Under the
suspension of the rules to-day the House
passed bills. to divide Kentucky and West
Virginia into two judicial districts, to
create another district Judge In the
Northern District of Ohio and to refer to
the Secretary of the Interior for Investi
gation the claim of the State of Texas
for moneys expended oa public improve
ments in Greer County before the Decem
ber session of the Supreme Court placed
It within the jurisdiction of Oklahoma.
An attempt was made to pass a bill to
give soldiers and sailors of the Civil War,
the Spanish War and the war In the
Philippines preference In the -matter of
appointment to and retention In positions
in the executive departments of the Gov
ernment, but it aroused opposition on the
ground that it would. practically shut out
of the Government for years to come all
civilians, and was overwhelmingly rde
feated. One hundred and two private
pension bills were passed.
Just before the House adjourned a fine
tribute was paid to Representative
Charles A. Boutelle, of Maine, who served
eighteen years In Congress, and who has
been re-elected to the Fifty-seventh Con
gress. Llttlefield of Maine asked unani
mous, consent for the consideration .of a
bill to place him on the retired list as
a captain In the navy, Boutelle having
been in the navy during the Civil War.
Llttlefleld said that Boutelle's condi
tion was such that he undoubtedly would
resign. The condition of the Maine Rep
resentative was well known to the Rep
resentatives, and, although some of them
were Inclined to protest against" the pro
posed legislation, as establishing a dan
gerous precedent, no objection was made,
and the bill was passed.
Claims of State of Texas Re
ferred to Secretary of
Interior.
HEW DISTRICT
JUDGE FOR OHIO
but that they had not lived openly To
gether as man and ¦wife,
"He had his room and I had mine," said
the woman In response to Coroner Cole's
request to tell the jury her story. "He
would come to my room every evening.
We quarreled frequently. I can't account
for my feelings, but I was jealous of him
and could not rid myself of the thought
that he was with other women.
•'I knew I was doing wrong when I had
the messenger boy follow Paul. I had
tried to get rooms on Geary street where
I could watch him day after day.
"When the boy reported to me I thought
that my husband had gone to Devisa
dero street to some private house to din
ner I was not satisfied, however, and
when I next saw Paul there was another
quarrel. He denied the boy's story and
WIDOW OF THE DEAD VICE
COXSUL TELLS HER STORT
TO THE JURY.
General Chipman, president of the State
Board of Trade,- will preside and ad
dresses will be made by General W. H. L.
Barnes, William R. Davis and other
prominent men.
The call for the meeting for next Satur
day evening is signed by Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst, James H. Budd, I. W. Hellman,
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Reuben
H. Lloyd, W. H. Mills. James D. Phelan,
Louis Sloss, Frank J. Sirames, 'William
Thomas and Claus Spreckels. ¦' - ¦ <
The State University is now the second
In rank in point of academic attendance,
and while the number of students is dou
ble that of Stanford University, the in
come of the State institution Is only half
of that of the seat of learnlnc at Palo
Alto. In the past ten years the attend
ance has Increased four nundred per cent,
while the Increase of income has been but
seventy per cent.
The present financial embarrassment of
the State University is* giving the greatest
concern to the Board of Regents and In
order to relieve the stringency a special
meeting has been called to take placo
next Saturday evening in the Maple room
of the Palace Hotel at 8 o'clock.
Invitations are being sent to all prom
inent citizens In the State and It 1b ex-'
pected that the gathering will . result In
much good. The primary object of tha
meeting 1b to organize, for the promotion
of such steps as will secure the passage
by the coming Legislature of the inherit
ance tax law. by which" the State Uni
versity will be benefited.
State Institution of Learning
in Urgent Need of
Assistance.
FINANCIAL AID
FOR UNIVERSITY
After giving her testimony the woman
broke down and was led from the room
by a lady friendi Together they entered
a carriage in waiting at the door and
were driven away.
"When we reached his room I made
another scene, tore up some pictures and
smashed things. He said he was dis
gusted because of my threats to further
publish our marriage and said he would
end matters at once. He reached In the
drawer for his pistol and commenced to
load it, I told him he was having too
good a time to die and 'called him a cow
ard and other names. He grasped the
pistol firmly so I could not get it from,
him. Then came the shot. I could not
realize what had happened, and when I
went near him he told me to get away
and not let th© blood get on my dress.
Then the landlady and the police came up
and Paul acknowledged having shot him
self."
I should have believed my husband. But
no— I had to make a fool of myself and
go out there. I sent for the boy and
my husband tried to frighten him, but
could not deny his identity. Paul final
ly : told me that he had gone there out
of curiosity In answer- to -a telephone
message from a strange woman, v Again
I made a fool of myself and gave vent
to my Jealous, rage. . I slapped him and
In my anger nutted my head against the
¦wall repeatedly until ne stopped me. I
finally desisted and I wanted to get out
where I could' scream. He said he would
kill himself, and . I told him to do so.
"We went to his room quarreling on the
way along the streets. I called him a
coward and other names.
Christmas Hews Letter Publication
of Unusual Merit and Beauty of
Workmanship.
The Christinas News Letter presents
samples of some of the finest pieces of
typographical and color work that the
Pacific Coast has produced.- Tbe frontis
piece Is Caflenasso's "Wind Storm," re
produced In rich tones of sep!a in heavy
plate paper. Among the pictorial work
reproduced is a gTay day landscape by
WUIlara Keith. "Clearing After Bain/'
which reproduces faithfully the happy at
mospheric effects which nave made the
artist's name famous. Then there is a
s'jrr.mer landscape by Julian Rix, and
a. striking portrait by M. Froellch, bear
ing: the title "Opera Xlght." A beautiful
landscape by I* P. Latimer Is perhaps the
most striking single feature of the pub
lication. It ehows a pool of still water, in
the foreground reflecting on its inky sur
face some boldly conceived water plants
on its margin. The background of shad
owy elms against a sunset sky throws the
foreground into striking relief. The whole
forms a remarkable example of the per
fection of the reproductive process.
The literary features are aleo worthy
of more than pasemg attention. There
are articles on up-to-date topics by Ash
ton Stevens and Reginald Schuyler, a
poem by Wallace Irwin, stories by Carroll
Catrrlng-ton. JoaQuin illller and Alice
Prescott Smith, and a timely article on
"The Era of Good Architecture." Take
It fcr all Jn all, not forgetting its unique
cover design by C. J. Dickman, the Christ
mas News Letter must be classed as one
of the goodliest holiday publications of
the jeer.
OOI.OB. A1TD U.TKK.ATXTBE
f.m HvriT.TPrrr its PAGES
Democrats Speak of Him as
Probable Candidate for
Governor.
BOOM IS ON FOR
MAYOR SNYDER
Papers in Another Assembly Contest
Filed — Eugene Lacey- Claims
Election in the Twenty-
Eighth District.
The news published In The Call of De
cember 13 that leading Democrats . were
talking of bringing forward as their can
didate for Governor Mayor-elect ' M. B.
Snyder of Los Angeles has created a deal
of gossip in political circles. Members of
the Monticello Club, who claim to be the
true disciples of Thomas Jefferson, are
discussing the merits of Mr. Snyder and
wondering if he possesses the skill and sa
gacity to soothe the bitter factional fights
in their party. The Democrats south of
Market street are asking If Mr. Snyder
proposes to enter into a combine with
MayoT Phelan. Everybody In the political
swim seems to know what would happen
to the genial Mr. Snyder If; he should de
cide to cast his lot with the Phelanltes.
Eugene Lacey Is convinced that he was
elected Assemblyman to represent the
Twenty-eighth District In the Legislature.
Yesterday he filed a petition In accordance
with law as a preliminary step in the con
test to be seated in the Assembly. When
the Dalngerneld-Graham recount was or
dered Mr. Lacey engaged two competent
tellers to note the vote for candidates for
the Assembly in the Twenty-eighth Dis
trict. • Each ballot was Inspected and, a
close tally maintained. The tellers report
ed to Mr. Lacey that the ballots, correctly
tallied, gave him a majority of four.
The returns in the Twenty-eighth Dis
trict as officially reported gave C. A.
Franklin a majority of seventeen votes,
hence he obtained a certificate of election.
Mr. Lacey must go before the Assembly
Committee on Elections to establish his
right to be seated. He remarked last night
that a recount of the votes, fairly con
ducted, would clearly establish his right
to represent the district in the Assembly.
He said that he did not ask for anything
but Justice and fair dealing, and he ex
pected that the Republican majority and
the Democratic minority in the Assembly
would see that justice was rendered.
Mr. Lacey was nominated by Gavin Mc-
Nab's exclusive Democratic convention,
which assembled at Odd Fellows' Hall,
and was Indorsed by the Citizens' Repub
lican convention, which met In Shlels
Hall. C. R. Franklin was nominated by,
the Kelly-Crimmlns convention at B'nal
B'rith Hall. He was brought forward by
Martin Kelly and he now belongs to Kel
ly's small bunch of statesmen. The Dem
ccratlc push, rounded up by Ralney and
others, supported Franklin. Four hundred
voters In the district, presumably Repub
licans, declined to vote for Assemblyman.
As a rule, the Republicans voted for
Lacey as a rebuke to the bosses, and the
Democrats helped Franklin to assist the
boss element.
At the Union League Club last night
there was another conference on the sub
lect ol the primary election law. The at
tendants were: Tlrey L. Ford. A. Ruef,
John F. McGlynn, Cameron H. Kins, Rev.
Dr. Scott, Joseph German and R. P. Troy.
The Legislature will surely give the
question of a primary election law careful
and prolonged deliberation. No doubt a
joint committee df the Senate and Assem
bly will hold open sessions to hear argu
ments and suggestions pertaining to the
proposed new law. TJje committee will
doubtless agree on some measure, and
when that agreement takes place The Call
will publish the text of the favorably re
ported bill. ¦_
The Elks.
The. meetings of San Francisco Lodge
are unusually ¦well attended, the average
attendance being sixty-five. Exalted Ruler
Bonnet reappeared In the lodge room at
the last held meeting, the first time since
the recent accident he met with. James
Borroks, the "silent" member, will donate
a beautiful mounted elk to this lodge.
Esteemed Leading Knight Dunne and
Brother Wheelock will soon take an ex
tended trip through San Joaquin Valley.
Jimmy Hamilton and Uncle George Brom
ley visited the lodge at the last held meet
ing and favored with vocal selections.
Brother Marquise of St. Paul Lodge and
Brother Bill of Everett Lodge visited thla
lodge and were well pleased with the
manner in which the business Is conduct
ed. William Jones presented the lodge a
pair of antlers which measure eleven feet
across.
Sacramento Lodge received six applica
tions at its last held meeting. The lodge
has $12,000 in its treasury and will soon
purchase a lot and build a home. More
than $6000 has already been subscribed for
the purpose.
Three Initiations, six elections and four
applications last Tuesday night tell the
story of how Stockton Lodge is Increas
ing in membership. James E. Dunne of
San Francisco Lodge visited Stockton last
week and complimented the officers highly
for their efficiency in the initiatory work.
Oakland and Sacramento will send dele
gations to the social session to be given
by No. 218 next Tuesday and which Is to
be presided over by Judge Post of Sac
ramento. . .
It Is probable that the - new lodge at
Eureka will be Instituted In February
next. The Indications are that it will be
instituted with 175 charter members.
Chico Grass Valley, Nevada City, Santa
Barbara and Vallejo all report progress
and good prospects.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
California Castle of the Knights of the
Golden Eagle last week conferred 'the first
degree and received several applications.
D. N. Hanna, F. A. Milly and W.
O. Macdousall, the good of the order com
mittee, have arranged for a Christmas
tree festival for members and their fam
ilies in Native Sons' Hall on the night of
the 28th lnst.
W O. Macdougall has bee-n commis
sioned, deputy supreme chief for Califor
nia.
A VERDICT of suicide was the re
sult of the Inquest held yester
day afternoon in the case of Paul
Antolne, the French Vice Consul
who shot himself because of the
frequent quarrels with the woman to
whom he had been secretly married. An
toine died early yesterday morning.
After the reading of depositions of
minor witnesses the principal one was
called. "Send for Mrs. Madame Antolne,"
said Corcner Cole; "that would be the
proper way to address her."
The woman was heavily veiled when
the entered the room. Dr. Cole ordered
her to remove her veil and then in a slow,
dramatic way administered the oath.
Mrs. Antoine's testimony was practical
ly a repetition of the story published the
day after the tragedy. She said that she
married Paul Antoine on August 4 last
Scene When French- Vice Consul Receives Death Wound Is
Told of by His Consort, Who Faints After Narration.
TELLS WIFE NOT TO GET
HIS BLOOD ON HER DRESS
BROKER INGOLD
AMONG MISSING
Liaves His Wife aud Three
Young Children Un
provided For.
He Secures Funds by Discounting
Shipping Receipts of Goods Fur
chased From Wholesale
Houses.
Last Friday morning Ingold left home
after bidding his wife and children good
by, as was his usual custom. He did not
take any of his clothing or other property
from his house and the first suspicion
that his wife had that she and her little
ones had been deserted was when she re
ceived a letter Friday night from her hus
band saying that he was about to sail
for China on the Rio de Janeiro and
would send her some money as soon as
he possibly could do so. To no other per
son did Ingold mention a word as to his
future movements. Investigation yester
day by detectives showed that Ingold,
after securing the bills of lading from th«
{*.rms he had purchased gooes from In
the past two weeks, took the documents
to the Hongkong Bank and discounted
them. He also drew all the money he
had on deposit In the First National
Bank and :t is thought that he secured
$10,000 by these means. Ingold'-s name
does not appear on the passenger list of
the Rio de Janeiro and if he sailed on
that vessel he did so under an assumed
name. It Is thought In some quarters
that Ingold has fled with a fair compan
ion.
At his wife's suggestion Ingold went
Into business for lumself and opened an
office at li# California street, where h-i
represented Gurnow & Co. of Yokohama;
« ymark & Co. of Kobe, Japan, and
Franklin. Baker & Co. of Philadelphia.
With the credentials of these firms In-
Ifold had little difflcu'ty in purchasing
goods for shipment to China. His
intimate friends tuy that with the
proper devotion to business Ingold
could have built up a good financial
standing, for he was ihougnt well of by
all the wholesale houses he had trans
actions with. But to his regrular family
expenses Ingold was adding those of the
"cocktail route" and the region where the
lights burn red when respectable men are
ax home.
To the business houses with which In
eold bad dealings, the news of his
flight will come with surprise, but to
those who know of his movements
In the tenderloin, his latest escapade will
not be unexpected. Ingold is a good look
ing fellow about 25 years old and had
be~.a connected .with a number of well
known nrms tlnce his youth. About four
years ago he married an estimable young
lady who resided across the bay ana wlui
his wife's money ttarttd In business with
a man named Knuctskon In the commls
elon.llne. The firm did not last long and
Ingold and his partner socn went to the
wall, Mrs. Icgoid losing every cent oj
the money which her husband had In
vested.
Fred Ingold, a young commission mer
chant, is reported missing, together with
a considerable sum of money. The sup
position is that he is headed for China.
THE SAN FRA1SXJISOO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1900.
7
toys and dolls reign supreme
on the 3d and 4th floors at Hale's
We have extended the space devoted to toys and dolls,
we have largely increased the sales force. Had to do both.
One-half of the great 4th floor is now devoted to wheel toys
exclusively, while the 3d floor is packed with dolls, mechani-
cal toys, wood toys, tin toys, iron toys, games, blocks and
children's books. \ . " J •
it's a wonderful showing at wonderfully
low prices
. _ _ Wood kltch- Doll swings
[if LVHILU^jgjtawMiii. en sets of 25 — made by la-
g\^b^E^ft\^y^^ price .....°ll>c steara engines /. A/7 ,
V&B^sSS&ZSSFX* California -*acn ...OSo / ., //I
lua2^£™2£S£j oooatere-steel En!lmel9(1 / J
wheels-jactL. doll beds, with / JRxSikJ.
„ _. , »~.<M> mattress, two /
Boys* velocipedes— W-lnch wheels— each., pillows and &^OC
•••• • - 91.75 spread— each. , r^ '"^^^JJ
Express — &io
¦L warons— _ -1""J1" ' I
/ * wood bod- DoudIS" oar- |
/ les a n d reled shotguns •¦
lustratedl «*«<i Pianos, with -l 5 ht cot*s-«ach..-.40c
3 * a^ "pool lnche " Ion* — worth
tables, each— our price.. f. «r iC^N
wtth two cues, triangle and complete set 19c §~+*P'~Jj>*t.*i
of halls— 15x29 Inches— each .....f3.75 &&..L-AP
i.i i Croklnole boards — Doss that walk /\ "..T /\
jv » "^. » $2 50 kind reduced ---», «»r>_ in JL \
J /\S' \S. t( > S2.1»-the »1 50 each • SO ° A/I JV \
jP/y O\V klnd to *l«3»-t.he v LJ \ I \\
(T / /___N \ $1 23 kind to.... 08c Rabbits that Jump JJ K^Jl VI
/ I / ' > \ \ 1 Mechanical trolley — «ach 40o j jT\ «^
Hill • ') I F i C8 - rs — 8 Inches Jonar — fl A a
I \ V V^y I J each 7»e Pewter tea sets tC III
I \ x/*" - *\/ / f •Mechanical engines 15 pieces— each.. 50c 1 j /
Decorated china Magic I a n t e rns E?JL3
. t M ChUdren's wash brass awu^ 4 - » 11JM
gets— stand, rack, beard and tub— th» set., laches high— each fc3i3
...5Oc ....... .........$U.O w^i
Market street* near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate a venae.
Hale's.
Or we -will pay any one $25 who cannot be
with one box of Vents Pile Cure. Pric*
$2.00. Over 10,000 cured. No failure.
"I had Protruding Piles many years.
Tried every remedy I heard of and had
them cut out twice. I - despaired of a
cure until I tried Verus Pile Cure. I
was never so surprised in my life to find
myself cured before using half a box. It
Is indeed wonderful.
"E. P. WE1DNER,
•1178 Fifth St., Des Molnes. Iowa."
YERUS PILE CURE CO., RE 226, Wilson DM
Or the old and reliable Ellington Drug
Company. Agents. Fourth and Spring
streets, Los Angeles, CaL.
d&$$£s&\ ONE PHDCC
T 3^^^^ BOTTLE LUhCO
/ *li|jiis MCBURNEY'S
f, WzMj K"iHnpv tndBlad<J "
» nnj IVIUllcy CURE
ty f A thorough cure for
Q pains in the back,
A BRICHT'S DISEASE.
24 //' female troubles, incon-
j of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
Tretting of children, gravel, gall ffftrnfH^
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT •
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO., 214 Kearny st,
AND AT
THE OWL DRUG CO., 1128 Market st.
Send 25c in Zc stamps to W. F. McBurn»7.
418 S. Sprlne St.. Los Angeles, CaL. {or i
days' treatment. Prepaid $150. Drufrgists.
Dn 1 o na These hotels pos-
L aialrC S ess the attributes
, ; that tourists and
2JJJ£| travelers aporeciate
—central location,
Clvor\f\ IibcraI manaije-
VX1 Cilltl ment. modern ap-
TT x. 1 jpointments and
H ° telS rm^can .StS
San Francisco ropean p'ans.
YOLLY, YEKIALTYOVIAL, YIN6UNG
BEN HENDRICKS
IN THE PLAT THAT MADE HTM KAMOTTS.
OLE OLSON
COMMENCING SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
Tha Season's Bigveet Success.
AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVERN
Adapted from the German by Sydney Rosen-
feid and produced for two consecutive seasons
at "Wallack's Theater. New York City.
GRAND OPERA. HOUSE
CROWDED ALL T^E THE!
MATINEE SATURDAY AND STJNDAY.
Continued Success of th©
OLJVER-LESLJE COMPANY
. ONLY THIS WEEK.
ATALEofTWOCITIES
THE BIGGEST HIT OF THJO YEAR.
NEXT "WEEK— "AN OFFICER OF THE
SECOND.,''
Evening Prices— 10c, 15c, 25c and 50c.
A few front rows In orchestra, TCo.
Matinee Prices— lOc. 15c. 23c and SOe.
no higher.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
"IT HAS CAUGHT ON/!
THE BIO HOLIDAY EXTRAVAGANZA.;
By. FERRIS HARTMAN.
WITH ITS LOADS OP HUMOR, FUN AND
SPECTACLE.
HEAR THE PATRIOTIC FINALE AND
"SUNFLOWER SUE."
See Oscar L. Feat's Fine TRANSFORMATION.
THE FLO WERY KINGDOM.
Every Evening at S— Matinee Saturday at 1
POPULAR PRICES 23 and SO cents.
Telephone— Bush 3.
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOUnrin O Admission 1O;.
COG ILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS D*
- —THE WIDOW O'BRIEN I'J
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES - . - _
AND MUSICAL ACTS | "
B—ggft Jfefo. JJ5* M»tnicea Sunday. --
EVERY N16HT THIS WEEK, riilMRgSflBtfaj
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FREDERICK
WARDE
WITH— L*i£f-i£i£
MR. AND MRS. E. R. SPENCER
And the FfcxsotH Clarence M. Bran* Cbmpany,
In Espy Williams* Ramantle Comedy
THE DUKE^S JESTER
NEXT MONDAT:
PRIMROSE and DOCKSTADER MDfSTRELa.
VAUDBVIIXE A3 IT SHOULD BE!
STTRATT AND WAKH2f, TBT7LT
SHATTTJCK, TnTiTE. DOKIA,
TVTTiLE. CHRISTINA'S DOG, CAT
AND MONKEY CIRCUS, TTAT.
DAVIS AND INEZ MAGATTLEY,
THE HAEMONY FOXTB, SPEN"i
SEB KELLY, PANTZEB TSOTJPE,
GBEAT AMEBICAN BIOGBAPH.
Reserved Seats JSc: Balcony 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats 50c
ilatlcees 'Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Alf EUnghonse. Proprietor and Manager.
Phone fonth 770.
COLONEL. VT. A. THOMPSON Presents
THE BOSTON LYRIC OPERA COMPANY,
90— FEOP1*E— «X
To-ni£ht-"C A : RMEN."
With COLLAMAaiN'I, EUSSO and AXJS3SA3DR0H1,
In Conjunction With
THE BOSTON LYRIC OFKBA COitPANT.
Positively
4— NIGHTS ONLY—4
Tuesday Evening, Dec IS "SATD PASHA"
"Wednesday Eve.. Deo. 1» "TL. TROVATORE"
ThursdayBre. (farewell), Dec. ».."CARitE>r*
Evening 15a, 2Sc. 35c, SOc and 73o
Matinee 15c. Be, Me and 50o
Next Sat. Ew. — Oeo. H. Broadharat*» Ever
PoDular "WHY a>f yi'H T.t:it*i' Hfwnc •*
LAST WKKKL
LAST MATTNEES SATCRIXA.Y and SUNX>AT.
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the Funniest of AH Farces,
"A SERIOUS TANGLE."
SEATS— 15c, SSe. 35c, EOc
' MATIN EK SATURDAY A3TD SUNDAY.
Next Week. David Belaaco's Latest Farcical
Success.
"NAUGHTY ANTHONY."
EXTRA MATTXEE XMAS DAY.
S£K£k CENTRAL THEATER,
Market st., near Eighth— Opposite Cltr Hall.
OPENS «i7sAT. EV'G.
Magnificent Production— DAVID ' HBLASCO'S
™e HEART OF MARYLAND
Every Erenlsg. aiatlnee Saturday *&d Sundays.
SPECIAL ZMAS MATINEES TUESDAY.
PSTfCC EV«r»— lOe. l&o. SSSc. SSe. SOe
I illwEj M*Un««»-10o and 25c No higher.
Beats en sal* next Thursday. » a, nv. at
Sherman ft Clay's Music Star*.
6R1ND YULETIDE FESTIVAL!
Given by tit* British- American Unto*.
ODD FELLOWS' HALX*
WEDNESDAY. DECEaiBER 1», AT I P. 3t
BEAUTIFUL MUSICt BEST TALENT1
With a Representation of
WASHINGTON DIVING'S "CHRISTMAS AX
"¦'""* BRACEBRIDOEHALI*"
DR. H. J. STEWART. WALLACE SABIN;
Musical Directors.
1BO COOPBR..... Stair* Maaaser
MARQtTARDTS ORCHESTRA.
ADMISSION...... 33c and Mo
RESERVED BEATS, (L
CHBAFEST aad best In America— Th» W*e*!y
Call. 1* pacM. wat to any address &s vut
Cait*S Bute*, pcirjatd, for |& $*f n»%
» ~ t ¦ ¦ ¦ • i .. .
Sale's.Gold end Bilver are poured abundantly Into
the lap of the nation, but our material wealth
and«strenKth is rather in Iron, the most useful
of all metals, just as the wealth of a human
being lies In a useful stdmach. If you have
overworked yours until It Is disabled, try Hos
tettcr's Stomach Bitters. It will relieve the
clogged bowels. Improve the appetite and cure
constipation, dyspepsia, '¦ biliousness, liver and
kliiney disease.
Our Nation's "Wealth.
Th« eociety of Old Friends haa arranged
for a bullehead breakfast at Ineleside on
the afternoon of Sunday, the 30th Inst.
The committee eays: "'Breakfast goes,
rain or Bhine."
Old Friends.
Do. not delay. This week the, greatest
shoe bargains In the world. You can wear
good and stylish shoes by buying them
right in the right place. S3 shoes for men
and women to-morrow for Ti. 35 a pair, at
the assignee shoe sale of the Boston, 775
Market street, near Fourth. . •
Come Along.
The entertainment that was given in
Odd Fellows' Hall last "Wednesday night
by the National Union Social Club was a
most delightful one In ev»ry respect. The
attendance was large, eTery seat being
taken and every foot of standing room
being occupied. Messrs. w. W. Healey.
E. A. Kidd, F. H. Hastings and Joseph
Newberry Bunting, the committee that
had charge of these first-class entertain
ments, have reason to be proud of their
achievement.
Last week there was a large at
tendance of the members of Golden Gate
Council to enjoy an entertainment that
had been prepared for the evening aft< t
the regular businesi was over. The speak
er took charge at an early hour and pre
sented a programme of great variety and
remarkable for the high-class talent. One
of the features wu a performance by the
Columbia minstrels, who were greatly ap
preciated. After the programme six mem
bers of the council were made happy by
the tfistiibution to each of a fine turkey
for Thanksgiving:. ••
National Union.
of Justice.
Mrs. F. A. Irwin, residing at 928 Eddy
street, gave a burglar a lively chase yes
terday with the result that the man was
captured and locked up in the City Prison.
Hearing a noise in the front room of her
residence Mrs. Irwin hastened to inves
tigate and discovered a man ransacking
her Jewel case. The fellow took to his
WOMAN CHASES BURGLAR
AND CAUSES HIS CAPTTTRE
UTS. P. A. Irwin Surprises Thief at
Work and Runs Him. Into Arms
ELIA LAWLER .was arrested
last evening for throwing a stone
through one of the front win-
dows in the priests' residence
adjoining St. Patrick's Church.
The woman, who Is about 30 years of age
and evidently incompetent, had a charge
of malicious mischief placed opposite her
name at the Southern police station, from
which she was later transferred to the
Hall of Justice.
Father Cummlngs, pastor of St. Pat
rick's Church, reported to the police yes
terday that some culprit had broken one
of the windows in his house on Saturday
evening. He stated that another window
had been broken some ' time previously
and requested that steps be taken to ar
rest the guilty party as he feared a rep
etition of the offense. Captain Gillen de
tailed Policeman John Moriartty to watch
for the offender yesterday at noon. Mo
riarity was dressed in citizen's clothes In
order* to avoid suspicion. He waited pa-
heels, pursued by the lady, and at Golden
Gate avenue and Eddy street he ran into
the arms of Policeman W. F. Hasklns.
On being searched at the City Prison
several pieces of Mra.: Irwin's jewelry and
a Canadian bank note were found on the
robber, who gave the name of John Hud
son.
The woman was so Irrational that Cap
tain Gillen ordered her to be taken to tho
Hall of Justice Immediately, where she
will be carefully watched so that ahe may
do no violence to herself. \.
The woman would say but little about
herself when questioned. She said she
was born In County Kerry, Ireland, but
did not know her own age. She came
here three or four months ago and was
employed by a Jewish family on Eddy
street. The name of the family and the
number of the house she did not know.
She muttered something about having
enemies, but professed Ignorance when
asked who they were.
tiently all the afternoon and about «
o'clock he was accosted by the Lawler
woman, who engaged him In conversation.
The woman was evidently deranged and
wandered in her talk. Monarlty turned
to walk away and at that instant the
woman hurled the stone through the win
dow. The missile, a piece of granite about
the size of an apple, was secured as evi
dence".
WOMAN. EVIDENTLY DEMENTED, IS CAUGHT IN THE ACT OF
THROWING A STONE THROUGH WINDOW OF PRIESTS' RESI
DENCE NEXT TO ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH.
waste of time and effort to advertise them
for sale at a discount.
The following sample letter to Clinton
Stone of Tulare, who had sent ten tents
for a sample quarter-dollar as an evidence
of good faith, will illustrate the counter
feiter's method of putting out bait:
Dear Sir: There Is no danger In this if you
will only keep quiet and all your business to
yourself. Leave no trace whereby it can be
traced up. which is very easy done after the
first order. We will recognize you as our
a^ent and give you the address to our manu
facturing company where you can gret the
goods always at the same price— 125 worth of
goods for jlO and $50 worth for $20. Please
find sample Inclosed. Always send letters back;
I will do the same. I will be true to you. for
It is my interest to be so. trusting you to
be the same, all must be confidentially then
all will be well. Yours truly,
Address as per slip.
Inclosed was a typewritten slip with
the name W. F. Tripp, I.os Angeles.
Fritch was arrested shortly afterward
in Fresno County for using the mails for
the purpose of defrauding his correspond
ents and served a year in prison. He was
very much cast down when Chief Hazen
placed the handcuffs upon his wrists In
his room on Stevenson street last Thurs
day. Pretending to be suffering from a
pain In the heart, he asked Chief Hazen
as a favor to pass him a certain bottle
on a shelf containing medicine, he said,
prescribed for him for heart weakness.
The Chief took a whiff at tho bottle and
found that It contained chloroform.
Fritch then informed his captor that he
had Intended to commit suicide In the
event of his detection. He had set his
heart upon making a fortune by his lat
est counterfeiting venture and had spent
night after night, he said, In the public
library in this city consulting books upon
the properties of metals, such knowledge
being essential to him In- his nefarious
business.
Fritch has a 17-year-old son, Nelson
Fritch, working in Los Angeles, but he
is leading an honest life. Emmet, the
other son, who Is under arrest, will .be
prosecuted. Chief Hazen having come Into
possession of letters written by him that
show him to be an accomplice of his
father. He Is only 19 years old.
they would have been taken without hes
itation except by experts In the handling
and examination of coins, their only de
fect being lightness.
Chief Hazen succeeded yesterday in
welding the chain of evidence that will
convict William Benton Fritch, the father,
and Emmet B. Fritch, the son, and that
will insure to the old man at least a long
term in the penitentiary as a profession
al criminal. This evidence consists of a
series of letters written by Fritch in 1SV6
to his dunes when he was engaged In a
remarkably ingenious urneme to prey
upon the cupidity of his correspondents.
Under the name of "W. F. Tripp" at Los
Angeles he wrote to several hundred per
sons In this State and elsewhere, announc
ing the formation of a secret company of
silver mine owners, who had gone into
the business of manufacturing sliver coins
out of the product of their mines and
which he said would be very profitable
to themselves and their patrons, because
of the low price of silver In Its raw state.
After receiving a reply to his circular an
nouncing his appointment as the agent of
the syndicate he sent to his correspond
ents a genuine twenty-five-oent coin as a
sample of the coins for sale by him. He
advised the recipient of this sample to
take It to the bank and ascertain whether
or not it was genuine. It was a great
temptation to the dupe who believed that
the genuine piece had been manufactured
by the syndicate, to invest in a large
number of the Illicit coins as a sure-thing
proposition, never stopping for a moment
to reflect that if the coins would be re
ceived by the banks they would be re
ceived by business men and everybody
else without question, and that it was a
HURLS STONES AT
PRIESTS' WINDOW
Delia Lawler Damages Parochial Resi
dence Adjoining St. Patrick's
Church.
Improved Order of Red Men.
The tribes of late have been engage!
In electing chlefj for the ensuing term.
In many there have been lively contests
for the Beveral offices.
F, D. Brandon, G. S.; P. L. Bliss, G. C.
of R., and J. R. Tyrrell, G. J. S., officially
visited Weimer Tribe In Grass Valley on
the 5th inst. and the following night
visited Wyoming Tribe at Nevada City.
There was a large attendance at each
place and each tribe entertained the vis
itors at a banquet.
Last week the great sachem, great chief
•of records, Henry A. Chase, P. G. S^ anrl
Leon Enemark, sachem of Bald Eagle
Tribe, visited White Eagle Tribe, wit
nessed the conferring of the chief's de
gree in a creditable manner and then en
joyed a feast of corn and venison got up
in their honor. ¦
Bald Eagle and Blazing Arrow tribes
gave an entertainment and dance In Odd
Fellows' Hall last week which was at
tended by a large percentage of the mem
bers and their paleface friends. Both of
these tribes are increasing in member
ship and importance.
Sitting Bull Is tho name given to the
latest tribal addition to the order. This
tribe was instituted at Healdsburg last
week with fifty charter members by Great
Chief Brandon, Great Senior Sagamore
Boyes, Great Chief of Records Bliss, Past
Great Sachem Honry A. Chase, assisted
by a picked team from San Francisco.
The tribe, composed of many of the prom
inent men of that place, starts under most
auspicious clrcumKtances and a bright
future is predicted for it.
Montezuma Tribe will give a social on
the night of the 21st inst. In the Post
street wigwam.
Arrangements are being made for a
public raising up, or installation, of the
chiefs of the local tribes on the 10th of
next January in Native Sons' Hall. A
souvenir programme Is being prepared.
The members of Altamos xribe of the
Improved Order of Red Men had a de
lightful time last week In the social
hall of the Post-street wigwam, in
celebration of the fourth anniversary
of the Institution of the tribe. There waj
presented by the committee of arrange
ments, consisting of Lester Ulfelder, J.
L. Sanders, A. C. Brown. R. L. Apple, H.
Cills, J. S. Patterson and Frank Pearson,
a programme of dances interspersed with
musical and instrumanlal numbers by
Miss B. Able. T. R. Rogers, C. F. Graber's
Mandolin, Guitar and Banjo Club, Ed
ward Carey, H. B. Smith. R. Conlan and
E. J. Applegate. The several number.*
were judiciously presented . and received
with many marks of appreciation. A, I*.
Wessllng was the floor manager, R. L.
Apple his assistant and J. H. Hutaff was
the chairman of the reception committee
Knights of the Maccabees.
All the hives of the Ladles of the Mac
cabees, assisted by the members of San
Francisco Tent of the knights, gave a
joint entertainment and dance In the
Maccabee Temple last week to raise funds
in aia of a sir knight and his family who
were sufferers by the Galveston flood. A
neat sum was realized. Mrs. H. M.
Green was the chairman of the evening
and those who contributed to the pleas
ure of those present: were: Lady Daisy
Jakobs, Lady Eudocla Moffatt, "Baby
Devine," Mrs. Angelina Budd, Ladies
Blake and Leroi, the quartet of San
Francisco Tent, M. Orr, Miss . Mae
O'Keefe and the Japanese Drill Corps of
King Solomon Chapter of the Eastern
Star. The drill of the sixteen young ladies
FATHER AND SON, UNDER AR
REST FOR MAKING COUNTERFEIT
MONEY.
SEATTX.K. Dec 17. — A telegram re
ceived to-day from Inspector Day of the
HghthouBe service contains the informa
tion that lightship No. 67. anchored oft
Vmatilla Reef, off the coast of Washing
ton, has gone adrift. Several weeks ago
the eame vessel went adrift, but was re
covered. Mariners are warned of the
lightship's absence. -v,: :
lightship Goes Adrift.
Allen went into the Klondike in 1833. In
an accident on the way up the river his
kg was broken In three places. Hard
luck followed him for many months. He
was employed as watchman, porter an-i
finally dealer in a gambling house, and
every pay day lost his wages at the
pameR. In his latest play, as soon as
luck favored him, he ordered a dog team
and sledire to be :n readiness to bring him
up the river, and when he lelt that he had
reached the limit he lost no time In mak
ing for the outside. He is 32 ycare of age.
During the couree of his play two
houses were compelled to turn their
boxes on ¦ Allen and at others he was
held close to a £3 and $50 limit. From
the O'Brien Club he look $20,000: from the
Dominion J5800, and from the Savoy $5~uO.
At other place* his winnings and losses
about balanced. At each, game, after get
ting fairly started, his b»ts were always
to the limit.
SEATTLE. Dec. I',.— While his fortune
may have come originally from the mines
of the Klondike, it ie not to toll with pick
and pan that Oeorge Allen gives credit
lor his $35,000 clean-up in Dawson. It
came as the result of four days" continu
ous buckii.g &i the faro jjame, of which
iht-re are several in the northern town.
Starting with a change-In of $2 5" one Sat
vraay, Allen pressed his luck Bteadily un
:il noon of the following Wednesday. At
various intervals of the play he cut out
ironi the eamc-s t>nd bought drafts aggre
gating I-j.-i >j. which he mailed to a
brother in the States, continuing his play
with whatever happened to be left over.
He arrived in Seattle to-day on tho
Heamship Dolphin with about $10,000.
having ;..:.] his debts and staked numer
ous friends before ieaving Dawnon.
Gambling Souses to the
Extent of $35,000.
George Allen Touches Up Dawson
MANILA, Dec. 17.— Thirty rebels were
captured this morning in the suburb of
Ban Pedro Macatl. four miles from Ma
nila, by 25 men of the Twentieth United
States Infantry and 20 members of the na
tive Manila police. The force landed from
Fmall boats and surrounded the suburb.
Seventy persons were captured, but only
"0 were identified as insurgents.
WTNS A FORTUNE AT
FARO IN THE KLONDIKE
tieth. Infantry and Native
Police.
Surrounded by Detachment of Twen-
PANVILLTD. Ky., Dec. I".— James Stout.
one of the richest young men in this part
of Kentucky, is in Jail here charged with
fhooting into passenger trains on the
Queen and Crescent Railroad. Stout, who
has been acting queeriy for several days,
stationed himself on a hill two miles
from town Saturday and. it Is charged.
blazed away at passing trains with a re
¦olver. Several passengers had narrow
escapes. Stuart Robson. the actor, and
ils company were on one of the trains
hat was shot into. Two bullets crashed
hrough the window where Mr. Robson
was seated, narrowly missing him.
THIRTY REBELS TAXEN
AT SAN FEDBO MACATI
tuckian, in Jail at Dan
ville.
James Stout, a Wealthy Young Ken-
•'The stockmen of the West are all In
terested in this bill." said Mr. Springer
to-day, "and so are all manufacturers.
If such a measure as this can become
law, no industry in the country is safe.
If it should become a law and take effect.
It means simply that the stockmen of the
West will lose from three to four dol
lars on every steer they market. We
claim also that the only people directly
Interested in the passage of this bill Is
the butter trust. The farmer will never
benefit from it, and the stockmen of the
country are most emphatically against
It. and have protested heretofore, but we
had no idea that the bill would even pass
the House. We intend not only to fight
the measure, but the men In Congress
¦who g-lve their votes to such an infa
mous law."
•
CHARGED WITH FLUING
INTO PASSENGER TRAINS
DENVER, Dec. IT.— The National Live
stock Association will make an effort to
defeat the Grout oleomargarine bill,
which has recently passed the House, and
is now pending in the Senate at Washing
ton. President John W. Springer to-day
announced that the National Association
i.&d rt-tained Judge \V. M. Springer, of
¦Washington, to represent the National
Association before the Senate Committee
on Agriculture, and Senator Proctor, the
chairman of the company, has been asked
to delay action on the measure until af
ter the National Association has had an
opportunity to enter its protest.
Claim Its Passage Would Mean a Pe
cuniary Loss on Each Steer
Marketed.
STOCKMEN OPPOSE
OLEOMAKGAEINE BILL
WHEN George "W. Hazen. Chief
United States Secret Service
Agent for the Pacific Coast
Division, arrested the
Fritches, father and son," in
their room at 560 Stevenson street last
Thursday, he made a capture of
one of the most dangerous coin
counterfeiters on record. In all there
was J3G00 face value of ten-dollar
pieces ready for gold plating found In the
room, and the counterfeits are pronounced
l>y Chief Hazen to be the best on record.
In a few more days these coins would
have been put into circulation. The Im
pression and reeding were so fine that
not at all unlikely. General Manager
Kevin of the Santa Fe Bays that so far as
he knows his company is not contemplat
ing the construction of a line from Salt
Lake City, nor does he know of any com
bination with the Southern Pacific.
"You can say, however," added Mr.
Nevln, "that the Santa Fe will protect its
Interests, and we don't propose to have
our valuable properties in Southern Cali
fornia suffer from Increased railroad com
petition if we can help it. Just what will
be done remains to be seen. The Clark
road has not been built yet, you know."
It Is known that the Union Pacific ana
the Southern Pacific both have had sur
veys made from Salt Lake to Los Angeles.
It was Collls P. Huntlngton's plan to
build this road early in the coming year,
and Judge Thomas Marshall of Salt Lake
City, who represented the Huntlngton
railroad interests in that region, was
quoted not long ago as saying that but for
Mr. Huntington's death the road would
have been commenced by now.
Three surveys were also made some
years ago by the union Pacific, but It is
understood that Senator Clark has se
cured these, along with other Important
data gathered by the Union, and these
will prove of greatvalue to the San Pedro,
Los Angeles and Salt Lake Company.
A story come3 from the southern part of
the State to the effect that a prominent
railroad man in Los Angeles has made
the statement that "the Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe w'U have direct rail commu
nication with Salt Lake before any other
company." He goes on to say that the
Clark road, with the connections which
it may establish at Salt Lake, will prove
a powerful competitor for transcontinent
al business.
"Consequently," he adds, "it will be
hoove other lines to form a new conectlng
link with the least possible delay."
The impression seems to prevail thaf the
next two years are to see an unprecedent
ed amount of railroad building in the
West.
The Connections Which Salt Lake
Company May Establish Will
Bring It Big Transconti
nental Business.
Both the Southern Pacific and the Santa
Fe companies are trying to hit upon a
scheme which 'will -give them more direct
rail communication between Salt Lake
City 'and Los Angeles. This fact is not
denied by officials of both companies, but
further than :o assume that better rail
road connections must be forthcoming to
meet the keen competition that is bound
to result upon the completion of" Senator
Clark's new road tho officials decline to
make any statement.
Vice President J. C.Stubbs of the South
ern Pacific is expected home this evening,
and he may be able to throw some light
on the situation In so far as the Southern
Pacific is concerned. It is stated by one
who professes to be on the Inside of
Southern Pacific affairs that the directors
of the company have already taken up the
matter, and several plans have been dis
cussed for meeting the competition of the
Clark road. ;
It was rumored on the street yesterday
that a pool of Interests between the
Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe was
Southern Pacific and Santa
Fe May Ba Forced to
Build.
FEAR CLARK'S
NEW RAILROAD
"Difficulties arise when we see the doroi
r.iition of Rome pass from one to anoth
er, as though it was a right instead of
beinR the fruit of Injustice. We wish the
papacy 10 remain intact. We declare that
neither time nor the succession of rulers
can depress or diminish the Imprescripti
ble rights of the Pontiff."
ROMK, Dec. 17.— The Pope In to-day's
allocution thanked God, who had enabled
him to accomplish the holy year. Many
painful matters, however, afflicted him,
lie went on to pay, especially the conflict
between Italy and the church, resulting
in a violation of papal rights.
"Still graver things, perhaps, are to be
apprehended." continued his Holiness. "It
is truly a calamity that the Pontiff is
despoiled forcibly of his just and legiti
mate sovereignty, which Is closely bound
with the liberty of his ministry. The
Pontiff is now held under the power of
other men and subjected to their arbi
trary will.
Gives Thanks to God for Having En
abled Him to Successfully
Accomplish, the Holy
Year.
Regrets the Existing Con
flict Between Italy and
the Churoh.
POPE SPEAKS OF
HIS AFFLICTIONS
Evidence to Show That William Fritch
Is Considered the Champion of
Coiners.
HIS IS BEST BAD
MONEY ON RECORD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, DECEMBER 18, 1900.
Lincoln Lodge of the Friends of the
Forest on last Monday night celebrated
the fourth anniversary of its institution
by a banquet in the Shiels building.
Nearly all the members of the lodge were
present and it was a pleasant gathering,
during which the speakers of the even
ing discussed the past, present and future
of the lodge and the o»-der and had a
very enjoyable time. The ! supper was
under the direction of Mrs. Raymond,
Mrs. Bertha Mackrett, Mrs. S. Tryon,
Mrs. Howard, Mrs. Ida Blackall and Mr.
and Mrs. H. B. Burlingame.
Lincoln's Anniversary.
of the chapter and the specialties of
"Baby" Devlne, a most charming little
one, were the features of the evening and
were deservedly applauded.
San Francisco- Tent on the 7th Inst. in
itiated a class' of candidates. The new
degree team, which is to work alternately
with the old team, did the work In a
manner that agreeably astonished all on
lookers in view of the fact that the team
had drilled but one week. Captain Seely.
who drilled the team, was, complimented
In a high degree.
8
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Off Ice— 62 San Pablo Ave.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Or wherever else femininity Is a consider-
ation, a man must be at his best — not only
as to physique, but as to general "get up.
His lir.tn above all should be» beyond criti-
cism. If you bring your soiled linen here
¦we'll make It as wnite as Christmas snow,
and old Santa Claus will vouch for you to
the prettiest slrl in town.
"No saw edges." \
Domestic finish for full dress ehlrta If
you order it.
UNDER THE MISTLETOE
BOUGH,
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
62O Market et. (opp. Palace Hotel). S. F.
#>$|^g|||||g&k RUPTURE
Bm&JL y. » /• J^'v^jWH cannot be cured by
wEsSfekroC^ j^aSsr * alves . lotions, com.
epB®gSijWj>rf2i2Sj^ Tnon trusses, or
B'^^^mSS^ 1^' "Quack" operations.
II r-^sSS** °R- PIERCE'S MAGNETIC
U " sMi\ ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
» /13\ fe'en* It does the work; 1
' EX" BOOKLET NO. 1" given
full Information. Call or write
for It.
¦DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH, lawyer.
80> California st.. CInnle building.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C WILSON & CO J 00 B»««nr Street.
«l» v iriL.juil tt vV'i Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
CW. SMITH I!? lp S umblnK - Steamboat and
. «U Ji ' mu ' Bhip Work a specialty. U and
IS Washington st Telephone Main 5641.
FRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO c ?ay pln f ..f^ITW 04
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WAfiS.
Electrical Kngineer. M Ea»t rt.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD ft ELU8.
418 Front St., a T. Phone Main 1718.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TJNITED STATES BEANCH.
STATEMENT
—OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
London Assurance
CORPORATION
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, on the 3l3t day of
December. A. D. 1S39. and for the year
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of section* 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed aa per blan*
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stock* and
Bonds owned by Company $1.9TO,9»<5 Z>
Cash in Company's Office 1.3SS »9
Cash In Banks 1»622 7U
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5.533 o^
Premiums In due Course of Collection 197,363 »*
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 91 '*>
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance oa losses already paid... 12.754 *•>
Total Assets J2.341.C53 :3
—
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 123.103 8S
Losses ln process of Adjustment or
ln Suspense 109.M1 TI
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 13,121 10
Gross premiums on Fire Rialta run-
ning on« year or less, $3o9,4CS 61; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 279,715 11
Grc*s premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $SS1.4a7 52; *
reinsurance pro rata 431.405 13
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. I ; re-
Insurance 10O per cent \,Xb3 63
Gross premiums oa Marine Tlm»
Risks, } ; reinsurance W per
, cent 23.468 41
Amount reclalmable by tho insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Poli-
cies '... 174 80
AH other demands aealr.st the Com-
pany S8,?Sj C4
Total Liabilities $373,024 4«
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums SS01.632 M
Xet cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 375,290 14
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 87,47? S3
Total income .. CJ64.401 ?1
EXFENTMtU KESu
Net amount raid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $ , losses of previous
years) $571.4*1 M
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including i , losses of prevloue
years) 231,573 S4
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage , 213.233 24
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 33.743 19
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 43,524 20
All other payments and e-pendlrurei 80.634 SI
Total Expenditure* C.J41.19O 87
Losces Incurred during the yeaf 1713.913 0*
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $115,721,440 $374.337 09
Net amount of Risks I
expired during the
year 1118,951,743 983.137 26
Net amount In force
December 31. 1533 184.824.883 1 441,080 13
Risks and Premium*. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written .during the
year $110,971,543 $563.363 82
Net amount of Risks
expired during; the
year 1TUM7.558 B96.4S1 »
Net amount in force
December a. 1S39 4.6S6.716 23.C2 0"
C HARLES L. CASE. V. S. Manager.
Bubecnbed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of. January. 1900.
EMIL FRENKEL, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
221 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CEO. F. GRANT, Manager
& 1 jh\ 1 JCrfyV\fc*rN 1
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF" T1I.K
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, on th« Cat day of
December. A. D. 1839, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the I nsurir.es
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of section* 810 and 811
of the Political Code, condensed aa per bla:..;
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash J1.SOO.000 00
ASSETS. "~~ "
Real Estate owned by Company.... $2,113,533 41
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.317,639 SI
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds own»4 by Company IS. 443,235 27
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonda, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... . S,<78,334 SO
Cash ln Company's Office 8.9C0 33
Cash ln Banks _... 712,131 U
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 177.840 10
Due from other companies and from
agents 173,400 53
Premiums ln due Course of Collec-
tion 112.738 n
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1M.SS3 13
Rents due and accrued S.922 94
Stamps ~ 1.M4 23
Reversions owned absolutely by the
Company 1,(53,653 SS
Total Assets „„.. $38.812. 121 10
LIABILITIES. ~ "
Lessee adjusted and unpaid
Losses ln process of Adjustment
or ln Suspense > ¦ $3S7,S41 M
Lossee resisted, including ex-
penses ,
Groea premium* on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $ ,
reinsurance 50 per cent.......... ,__._„
Gross premiums on Fire Risks 1.772.973 S3
running more than one year,
I -, reinsurance pro-
Liabillty'tinder fife Department .... U.3S3.S7* (3
Bills payable 88.334 '"3
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 13.749 29
All other demands against the
Company — 153.307 08
Total Liabilities ..¦¦.¦'¦¦'..... .r.i,'.tn.40X74< M
TNCOMB.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $3,843,951 83
Net cash actually received for Life
premiums ¦ 1.231.652 SI
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all otb«r sources 944,095 00
Received for Rent* 47.413 SI
Received for sale of Annuities 41S.S14 94
Total Income . ..' .,".,,. ......... $s.245.S33 n
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) $l,S59,208 S3
Net amount paid for Life Losses
(Including $ > loss of previous
years) U09.J18 71
Dividends to Stockholders 443.655 00
Paid or allowed for Commlselon or
Brokerage 177.734 58
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charK<» for officers, clerks etc... 721. KS 43
Paid for State. National and Local
taxe. I ••• *>.*>7 94
All other payment* and expendl-
tare* tO4.9=3 41
Total Expenditures S'^-Jti I 3
Los.o»a incurred during the year.... $2.01i».10i q
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
JS?™..?™..** H.154.S37.159 tXKJUB
Net amount of Risks
73EZ£ZZ£Z US.14S.333 S.4M.O4 1,
Deceinber 11 ?!. 1393 7O.931.C3 8.3O.MT S3
H. J. LTTBBOOK. Chairman.
H. B. WILSON. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Sth
day of -April. c WATTS, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
221 SANS0M5 ST.,
.. : SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
THE MERCHANTS'
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey,, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900, and for the year endlns on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 619 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed aa per black furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPTTAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $ 400,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company S in. 463 58
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 376.150 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
IBcnds owned by Company 798,800 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 10.000 00
Cash ln Company's Office 21.62S 18
Cash in Banks 42,770 52
Interest due and accrued on ail
Stocks and Loans 2.6-45 II
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5,420 V
Premiums in due course of collection 168,443 9v
Rents due and accrued 329 33
Due from other Companies for Re-ln-
• a ranee on losses already paid S57 76
Total Assets -. tl.593.«15 S7
LIABILITIES. •
Loesee adjusted and unpaid $ 4LC94 43
Losses in process of Adjustment, or
ln Suspense 66.698 53
Losse« resisted. Including expenses.. 6,674 SO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. {657,734 OS;
re-Insurance 50 per cent 12!, 867 04
Gross premiums tin Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. (795.536 21;
re-insurance pro rata 298.749 53
All other demands against Company 81,341 04
Total Liabilities '..* 923,423 11
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $ 827.S00 88
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 13,768 t5
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 36.930 00
Received for Rents 7.133 73
Received from all other sources 13,525 82
Total Income Jt 004, 6J6 48
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $105,563 78, - losses of pre-
vious years) i 661828 58
Dividends to Stockholders 40.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 179,03117
Paid .for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 171,241 17
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 87.562 So
All other payments and expenditures 27.562 93
Total Expenditure* $1,117,224 29
Losses Incurred during; the year S 678,328 89
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during: the
year $121,416,587 JL 261. 355 24
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year U5.939.564 1,212.579 07
Net amount ln force
December 3L 1900 143,659,697 t<53.?70 29
G. LEE STOUT, Prea.
¦W. H. GUERRIN. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 20th
day of January, 1300.
R. S. STEADMAN,
Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT.
420 CALIFORNIA STR5BT
SAX PRAXCISCO.
WILLARD 0. WAYMAN, Manager.
G. W. McNEAR, General Agent
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut. on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1899, and for the year ending on that day,
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Btate of California, pursuant to the require-
ments of Section 613 of the Political Coda of
said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by
the Company 11L«11,937 33
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate 2S.192.C57 U
Airount of Loans secured by pledge,
of Bonds, Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral 1,100 00
Premium notes and loans ln any
form taken ln payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force.... 823,943 23
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Company 23,751,984 06
Amount of Cash deposited ln Banks 858 *17 S3
Interest due and accrued 983,777 38
Rents due and accrued 16.305 02
Net amount of premiums in process
of collection and of deferred pre-
miums 329,315 it
Total Assets .164.683,939 61
- LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid |64,9S5 50
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments ln process of adjust-
ment, or adjusted but not duo.... I4S.2S5 00
Claims resisted by the Company.... 55.452 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with
four per cent Interest 55.823.S63 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 888.867 66
All other liabilities 2S3.104 96
Total Liabilities ~$57.375.S9S 0]
INCOME. =====
Cash received for premiums on new
policies during the year *3M,I71 13
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year. 4,531.$75 91
Cash received for sale of annuities. li.913 so
Cunh received for Interest f.826.271 73
Cash received for rents 862.775 55
Cash received from all other sources 88,150 70
Total Income..... $8,007,757 a
.EXPENDITURES. '
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments S4.S23.OT 01
Cash paid to annuitants^.... t6i 83
Cash paid for surrendered policies.. 532.667 U
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders •-•• -.. 1.885.S34 04
Commissions paid to agents 179,703 #i
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
¦ agents and medical examiners.... 153.401 89
Salaries and traveling expenses of " w * w * •"
managers of agencies S3. CSS 43
Medical examiner** fees and salar-
ies •• 23,310 21
Cash paid for taxes 593 733 S3
Ca*h paid for rents 8 3S 00
Cash paid for commuting commis-
sions _. 333,513 M
Total Expenditures flurlnj th« ~ ~
year TyAc^t^On^i^"^^^ 1
HERBERT H. WHITE, SecretiryV^
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24th
day of February, 1900.
NATHAN F. PECK. Notary Public
A. K- P.HhARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT,
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F. R. NOYES, General Agent,
Rooms 30-31-32 MILLS .BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAU
#|| I A I £afl»a * Rand Waterproof
Q ¦ I H I V 1 Smokele " Powder, ln bulk
I flBB for catalogue of sporting
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of thi
Organs* of Generation. , ...
Price SI a bottle. For sale by druggists.
paints. -*-^§SHB£9H
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils, Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 8. F.
DR.MQNULTY.
rrnrs well-known and brlfable old
. I Special 1st cure* Blood Poison, UonorrhcB.i, Gleet,
Stricture, HemliiRlWpftkneso, Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Kook on Dtseaxes of Men, free.
OverlO veary experience. Terms reasonable. Hour*.
9to3dally;6:30to8.30ev'i»:s.Sun<lftTs,10tol2. Connul-
tatloufreeanrj sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE HI «XCIiTir. 31. D.
26 « J Kearny St.. Han Fran<-l»co,«-i
¦ &C0>K
(1 , a PATENTSl f)
V^330 MARKET bT.s!F>^y
Pirr nni/ll Corner Fourth and
I ¦ H I I H 1 1 I U I • ou/ k I'peciaT" Brew
Uni L llUInU stea ™ and *** er -
, , 5c Overcoats ' and
valises checked free.
PRINTINO.
E. C HFTfiHFS printer.
l" Wy IlUUilCj. 611 BanBome it., & F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.,"
'¦ ' ti Firrt rt.y Ban Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
10 PARTRIDGE ""•¦SSSFl
WfliTfi 15fl STEAM COAL.&KEaS
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO., at it« GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal ln the
market. Olfic* and Yard*— 450 Main *tre«U
ADVERTISEMENTS.
% Musical Gifts Make i
te Lasting, Substantial, I
§r Satisfying Christmas fl
$£ But when giving be sure II
Sf to have something you 11
iL won't be ashamed of — h
JS something with a guarantee ¦
I All KOHLER & CHASE'S I
g Goods Are Guaranteed. I
safe If you can't give a Knabe u
S you may get a less cxpens- ¦
Ja ive piano, or maybe it's a fl
pf WASH BURN mandolin. fl
Ip4 guitar or banjo, but what- fil
§9 ever it is, get it at ||
e? Headquarter Prices of Bl
M? the Largest Whole- Bl
Ql sale House in IS
jR the West, 81
H KOHLER & CHASE, 1
TO Knabe Ageccy, n
W 26-30 O'Farr^ll St., |
3§? SAN FRANCISCO. JH
jk EVENINGS. J|3. If ISO pounds be applied at the end of
a lever 135 inches from the fulcrum, what
weight will It lift forty-five Inches from
the fulcrum? (Ans. 1440 pounds.)
1. A lever has the fulcrum between the
weight and the power. The weight Is three
inches from the fulcrum; the power is
twenty-one inches from the fulcrum.
What power will lift a weight of 140
pounds? (Ans. 20 pounds.)
Una lever of the second class the arm
of the power is thirty-six feet and the
arm- of the weight Is twenty feet. What
power will support a weight of ninety
pounds? (Ans. a0 pounds.)
Exercises for Practice.
If we know the length of the arms, that
Is. the distance , between the power and
the fulcrum and the distance between the
weight and the fulcrum, and we know
either the weight or the power, we can
find the other.
Equals Weight X Its Arm.
It must be noticed, however, that when
a lever raises a weight it will be found
that the work done on the weight is ex
actly equal to the work done by the pow
er. For example. If a weight of 100 pounds
is supported bv a force of five pounds
with a lever of the first class the arm of
the power is twenty times as long as the
arm of the weight, and It therefore must
move through twenty times the distance
through which the weight moves. What
is gained In fore© is lost in distance
moved.
General Bole. — Power X Its Ann
One of the most important problems
which an engineer haa to solve is how to
raise heavy weights. "With a lever the
ratio of the two forces the power and the
weight, may be made by properly arrang
ing the length of the arms, as small or as
great as we please. Hence we may with
a lever support as great a weight as we
please with as small a force as we please,
provided the fulcrum Is fixed and the lever
Is strong enough.
The capacity for counteracting a large
force with a smaller one is called mechan
ical advantage. A lever of the first class
ha9 mechanical advantage when the pow
er arm Is longer than the weight arm. A
lever of the second class has always me
chanical advantage.
Insults Offered Women.
The witness was allowed to continue
and be said: „ .
"General Warfield told me of the poker
games conducted by Baron Von Schroeder
and others. He had protested, but it did
no good. He made the statement that cer
tain fool women had made It so easy for
the Baron that he thought he could in-
Eult any woman with impunity. He toid
<>f an elderly woman and her two daugh
ters who were annoyed by the Baron's
attentions; if they walked in the grounds
he would follow them and bob up from
behind rosebushes and appear at unex
pected places.
"The general eaid that the golf links
which were once very popular and
brought custom to the hotel, had become
almost deserted because the conduct of
Baron von Schroeder and hla cronies there
was such as to drive away respectable
t>eople.
"He mentioned the caae of a young
woman who had come to the hotel a re-
Maguire objected to the Question as
calling for testimony introducing: allega
tions made by other parties, the truth of
which was not known to witness, but the
court held that evidence tending to show
the circumstances Furrcunding the pub'i
tation was admissible. \vitness an
* w^red:
"Prior to October 24, 1S93, Frank I* Per
kins, our San Rafael correspondent, came
to my office and said that General War
fteld was about to give up his lease of the
Hotel ilafael. as he understood, because
of the scandalous conduct of Baron von.
B* broader having rendered It unprofitable.
I told him such matters could not be pub-
Usbed on hearsay, and the matter was
droppwl for the time.
Pf-rkir.s informed mo that Mrs. 'Vv'ar
fi<-!d had told him in the presence of Gen
era! Warfield that they would ask for a
relpai" 1 . Octo-ber 24 I received a. telegram
from Perkins saying that the release whs
to b<» signed that day. I called up General
"VVarfleld r»r telephone and told him I had
received this information and wanted to
f^nd a reporter to interview him. He re
gr«?tt«d that the Information had leaked
out and said he would see m«» personally
if I would come with the reporter.
"I tor.k \V. HL Raymond, a reporter on
The Call, and went to the California
Hotel for the interview. I conducted it
and direcu-d Raymond to take down the
answers. After some preliminary con
versation General Warfield confirmed the
report that the l?aso was to be surren
dered. He said jhe Baron's conduct had
brought scandal upon the hotel and had
driven many respectable people away.
Formerly he had nad a good Sunday-to-
Monday trade, as he termed it. but the
Baron's conduct ha-d caused that trade to
fall away."
The witness saJi that General Warfleld
had said in plain English that the Baron
had acted like a low. vile character; that
ho had said to him that there was a cer
tain prominent society woman of San
Rafael whose relations to Baron von
Schroeder were liable to become a public
f-candal at any time. She. the general
had asserted, was in the habit of inviting
voung women to parties or dinners given
by the Baron and abetting him In de
bauching them. Iv v '
As the recital went on Maguire again
interposed an objection, saying that there
must be a limit to the charges that could
be made in testimony upon the assertions
of eome one else. Attorney Preston re
torted:
"If this man was engaged in debauch
in? young women we contend that such
conduct blackened the name of the hotel
and that we have a right to introduce
<videnc« to that effect in proof of the
truth of the article alleged to be libelous."
Intervie-w With Warfleld.
to remove plaintiff's cause for action. He
Fubmitted the article upon which suit was
•based, and it was admitted in evidence.
¦ Counsel announced that the plaintiff's
case rested.
E- F. Preston offered the answer of de
.fep.'l.'-.r.t. and it was ordered filed as part
of record, and the defense proceeded.
"The defendant do^p not deny the pub
lication." began Mr. Preston, '"of the ar
ticle in question. The defendant will at
tempt to establish the truth of the alle
gations. But only a part of the article
published is included in the complaint,
\\'e offer the remainder of it in evi
dence."
Counsel for plaintiff consented to such
admission to evidence.
"If the article is true," Preston re-
Fumed. "and we can prove that the gen
eral trend ot it is true, and we expect to
rrov* tha.t, then the defensa Is esta.b
li^herl.-'
Maguire objected, saying the statement
vas argument and in addition was a false
statement of the law. Colonel Preston
sa.id his statement of the law was the Su
preme Court's interpretation of It.
"The other defense." continued Colonel
Preston, "that will be offered is mitiga
tion; that Is, good faith on the part of
defendant in the publication, the belief.
:.:•• r due investigation, that the facts as
set forth were true."
Defendant's counsel asked for and was
granted a recess of ten minutes before
calling the first witness.
\V. t?. Leake, manager of The Call, wat
the first witness placed on the stand.
After preliminary questioning Attorney
Preston asked:
"Do you know anything about what oc
curred in relation to that article before it
was published?"
"1 do."
"What information did you receive and
from what sources?"
We mnirni that the article was wanton.
Tn^lloi.uF. faise and for the purpose of using
The i»w«"t of a *rr<»a.t newspaper to blast the
r<*;njtatlnn of a. man against whom the pro
}Ti*tor had pome personal grudge.
Mr. Delmas objected to Maguire's as
sertions as being in the line of argument,
and Judge Angellotti agreed with him.
Maguire concluded his statement by the
exertion that the alleged facts as pub
lished would have to be shown to be
familiar to the hundreds of people who
were guests at the Hotel Rafael in order
terms Jufig© Maguire asked the usual
questions as to residence, occupation, ac
quaintance and impartial attitude as to
the action before ihe court, and passed
the juror.
D. M. Delmas. for the defense, asked:
* Do you think it right for a newspaper
to publish the facts of scandalous and
immoral conduct of an individual, even
though that publication mav involve cer
tain other individuals, when those fact-*
a-nd conduct affect public morality?"
'No, sir, 1 think not."
"You think it has not the right T'
.. t x * rnay have the right, but I do not
think it would look Just right."
.. * ou would go into the jury box with
that attitude, and it would take evidence
to remove it?"
"Yes, it would."
"We challonge the Juror," said Delmas.
Twelfth Juror Accepted.
Judge Angellotti p.sked Gallagher if he
\ not be ahle to render a verdict on
The evidence, fair and impartially, and
<_»a_.laeher said that he would.
"Assuming that the article be of such
description as 1 stated a moment ago,"
nvUed Delmas. "would you not start out
x:;»on your duties as a juror with the Im-
I-ressjon that the defendant had done
¦wrong. Did I not understand you to say
that uie paper, in such a case, had done
wrong in your opinion?"
"Yes. that's what I said."
*l ou think the paper does wrong if the
affair affects public morality?"
"Thpv could publish it if they desired,
rut 1 think it would be doing wrong."
J^dge Angellotti did not think the jur
or - position was such as to disqualify
him. as he had asserted his ability to
1 ring in a fair and impartial verdict.
Plaintiff passed the juror, and after a
fhort conference with his associates,'Del
mas said. "We are content with the jur
tr." and the jury was completed.
The jury consists of the following:
1. Eartori, Fan Rafael; Owen Casey, San Ra
*a<"I; JI. Gnudy, Toir.ales; Peter Vrang. Robs
ViiHT: E. L.. Uallagher, Nicasio; H. T. Daley.
Kafa#l; D. McOiure. Point Rfyw; P. S.
"Wilson. &an Rafael; \V. F. Baesett. TomaJee;
I". Roes. Sam Rafael; Joseph Burns. Point
Itpyes; J. J. Gallagher, Nicasio.
Ex-Judge Maguire opened the case for
plaintiff, reciting the publication of the
article alleged to be libelous and reading
the complaint upon which the suit was
1 ftsed. Continuing, he said:
The plaintiff i« a resident of San Rafael and
IrtTPFtPd in a large hotel here. That estab-
IIiIiiiixH had hwn conducted several years as
6 hich-class hotel unA summer re«ort. and
having a :.•.-:. fam», and plaintiff enjoyed
bisb fame. Defendant did maliciously pub
lish—with ir.tent to injure and defame plain
tiff—concerning him the following libel:
And counsel read the article which Is
the basis of the suit.
The d^ter.dar.t admJt» plaintiffs allegations
exi-f-pt to d»"ii>- that the publication was faiet
Continued From Page One.
VON SCHROEDER SUBMITS
HIS CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Be Sure and Attend
The greatest assignee sale of clothing. 1
will sell to-morrow men's genuine worsted
suits that cost 515 for $5 85; also 450 covert
cloth men's suits, worth $20. for $8 90.
Come one, come all, to the Boston. 775
Market St., P. C. Kelly, assignee. -• ••
Mining Suits Dismissed.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday dismissed the action of the Pea
body Gold Mining Company vs. Gold Hill
Mining Company to quiet title to three
pieces of mining property in the northern
part of this State. .
JOSEPH FIGEL. MERCHANT TAI
LOR. The latest styles to select from.
Suits from 520 upward. Overcoats, ; fancy
vests, etc..' at greatly reduced prices. -Sec
ond floor Flood Bldg.', Fourth and Market.
render Himself.
H. Benjamin, the o!6T auctioneer who
was struck by Edward Shirran, a young
attorney, at Sixth and Market streets No
vember-9 and fell, striking his head on
the sidewalk, died at his residence yester
day morning. His skull had been frac
tured. Benjamin and a friend, John Tun
gate, were both assaulted by Shirran, who
claimed that they made an insulting re
mark to his wife, who was with him at
the time.
Shirran was arrested on a charge of bat
tery and the case was assigned to Judge
Mopan's court, but continued pending the
result of Benjamin's Injuries. Shirran
went to Modesto on business, but on
learning that Benjamin was dying wired
Captain Seymour Sunday that he would
start for this city at once and surrender
himself.
Benjamin's son, Teenie, has a charge of
grand larceny against him In Judge Mo
gan's court, and when the Judge learned
yesterday that the boys father was dead
he agreed to reduce his bonds to $300 so
that he could go home, and continued the
case till December 27.
Edward Shirran, the Young Attorney
Who Struck Him, Will Sur-
BENJAMIN DIES FBOM
A FRACTURED SKULL
These have been, magnificently repro
duced.
San Francisco has received many gifts.
Some from millionaires; some from oth
ers.
48 of them are exquisitely reproduced.
Find out what your townsmen have
done for you and the city.
Only 45 pages of illustration.
But the Dest of modern art.
The record of record numbers.
The Christmas News Letter.
•Only three stories, but the best.
,One is by W. C. Morrow.
[ Another Is by Carroll Carrington.
Morrow can write; ditto Carrington.
There is a ringing poem by Irwin.
Wallace Irwin writes what is read.
The dramatic article is by Stevens.
Ashton Stevens knows his subject.
By prominent Calif ornians 22 articles.
Every one is authoritative.
Willis Polk on architecture.
Prank statements and his own draw
ings.
Joaquin Miller contributes an essay.
It is blended prose and poetry.
It is the beat of Miller in years.
These are only a few features.
Order copies now; send 'em to friends.
26 cents — quarter-dollar— the price.
At every news stand.
Also boys shouting in the streets.
See this and forget Christmas cards.
The record of record numbers.
104 pages of surpassing picture and
print.
Famous artists have painted special
This is a simple lesson in mechanics,
quite easy, enough for students who can
solve ordinary exercises In elementary
arithmetic:
The lever Is a rigid rod, movable about
a fixed point In the rod. The fixed point
is called the fulcrum. It is understood
that two forces act upon the lever besides
the reaction of the fulcrum; these two
forces we shall 'call the power and the
weight The arms of the lever are the
perpendicular distance of the lines of ac
tion of the power and the weight from the
fulcrum. In the exercises given here we
XX. HOW TO FIQXTRE LEVERAGE.
and "the."
A common blunder in the use of articles
consists in using "a" for "an" and vice
versa. "A" and "an" are different forms
of the same word, and the choice between
them in the usage of good speakers and
writers is determined by sound. Before
a vowel sound "an" is used; before a con
sonant sound "a" is used.
Sound and spelling do not always coin
cide. For example, "one" and. "unit" be
gin with vowels, but ihe initial sounds
are those of the consonants "w" and "y"
in "won" and "you"; therefore, we say
"a unit," "such a one." "Honor" begins
with a consonant, but the initial sound
is that of the vowel "o" in "onset"; there
fore, we say "an honor."
Usage is divided as to "a" or "an" be
fore words beginning with "h" and ac
cented on the second syllable. "We say
'an historical sketch" or "a historical
Buetch," according to taEte.
The use of a superfluous "a" or "an"
before a class name, especially after the
words "sort* and "kind," is a common
and obstinate error. We may say, "This
is an. eagle." meaning "one eagle." Fut
we may not say, "An eagle Is our national
bird." "This is a rare leind of an eagle,"
or "It is not worthy of the name of an
eagle";' because in these sentences
"eagle" is used as the name, not of a
single bird, but of a class of birds, and
includes in its meaning all the birds
which belong to the class called "eagle."
Another blunder in the use of articles
occurs when a person forgets that "A
pink and lavender gown" is not the same
thing as "A pink and a lavender gown."
The first expression in which the article
is used only once denotes a single gown
of mixed color. The second expression,
in which the article Is repeated,
denotes two gowns, one pink, the other
lavender. Similarly, "The secretary and
treasurer" denotes one person, while "The
secretary and the treasurer" denotes two.
Adjectives and adverbs are best consid
ered together in an account of common
blunders in using them.
An adjective is a word joined to a noun
or a pronoun by way of limitation or de
scription: as "Black horses"; "He 13
lazy."
An adverb is a word joined by way of
limitation to verbs, adjectives and other
adverbs: as, "The horses ran fast";
"She sang well."
The most common form of adverb in
literary English ends in "-Iy." It is made
freely from all kinds of adjectives except
those that already end In "-ly." Adjec
tives that already end in "-ly." as "live
ly" and "friendly," usually have no cor
responding adverb. We use instead some
adverbial phrase: as "in a friendly way,"
"in a lively manner."
Adjectives used as adverbs are fre
quent in literature of the seventeenth and
eighteenth centuries: as, "Then was the
king exceeding glad" (Daniel, vi, 23>;
"The sea went dreadful high" (Robinson
Crusoe). They also occur somewhat free
ly in modern poetry. In modern literary
p"rose they are seldom used, good writers
preferring the adverbial forms in "-ly"
except in a few cases which may be
learned by observation: "Pitch dark";
"He ran fast": "Come quick"; "Stand
right"; "I bought it cheap."
A very common blunder is to use the
adjective "good" for the adverb "well"
as in the incorrect sentence, "This pen
will not write good." "Good" should be
used only as an adjective describing a
noun or a pronoun, never as an adverb
limiting a verb. The following sentences
are correct: "He had a good sleep"; "He
slept well." .
This i (plural these) and that (plural
those) are the only adjectives In English
that have distinct forms for the plural.
A common mistake Is to use the plural
forms with singular collective nouns: as
"kind," "class," "sort." The following:
sentences are correct: "That kind of
house is common in New England";
"How do you like this sort of horse?"
Persons are sometimes In doubt whether
to use an adjective or an adverb after
certain verbs as "grow," "look." "sound,"
"smell," "taste." If the added word ap
plies to the subject of the verb, it should
be an adjective; if to the verb, it should
be an adverb. We say, "We feel warm,"
when we mean that we are warm: we
say, "We feel warmly on this subject,"
when we mean that our feeling is warm.
"As a rule, it is proper to use an adjective
whenever some form of the verb 'to be'
or 'to seem' may be substituted for the
verb, an adverb when no such substitu
tion can be made." Thus, "He looked
angry; he spoke angrily." Sometimes we
may use either adjective or adverb with
no difference in meaning: as. "We were
sitting quiet (quietly) round the fire." The
following sentences are correct: "Velvet
feels smooth"; "Roses smell sweet"; "The
wind blew furiously": "The men fought
gallantly"; "Ethel looked beautiful in her
new gown"; "He has acted strangely."
Sometimes blunders In the use of ad
jectives and adverbs are committed in
comparing two or more things with one
another. To say. "Iron is more useful
than any metal" is clearly incorrect, be
cause iron is Included in "any metal."
and of course iron is not more useful
than itself. We must in thought set iron
off in a class by itself, which we can do
by Inserting "other" after "any." "Iron
is more useful than any other metal" Is
correct. After comparatives accompanied
by "than," the words "any" and "all"
should be followed by "ether." ¦
To say "Iron Is the most useful of any
(or any other) metal" is also clearly In
correct, because we mean that iron is the
most useful, not of "one metal (no matter
which)," or of "some metals (no matter
which)," but of a*l metals. We should
therefore omit the word "any," saying
simply "Iron is the most useful of (all)
metals." It is also incorrect to say "Iron
is the most useful of all other metals,"
for Iron Is not one of the "other metals."
Beware of using "any" or "other" with
superlatives followed by "of."
Amusing ' blunders are often made by
the careless placing of words or groups
of words used as adjectives or adverbs.
As a rule, a modifying word or group of
words should come next to word or words
which it modifies. The following blunders
of this kind actually occurred in real
life:
"A lady wants to sell her piano, as she
is going abroad, in a strong Iron frame."
"Lost, a green enameled lady's watch."
"Wanted, a room by two gentlemen,
about thirty feet long and twenty /feet
broad."
"We all went to the seashore for a little
fresh air from the city."
"L»ost. a Scotch terrier, by a gentleman,
with his ears cut close."
"Wolsey left many buildings which he
had begun at his death m an unfinished
state " >'**- '•'
"My cousin caught a crab and took it
home In a pail of water which we had for
our tea." . . " .
The placing of the word only requires
special care. Observe how the position of
only affects the meaning of the following
sentences: "Only he lost his hat." "He
only lost his hat." "He lost only his hat."
or "lie lost his hat only." "He lost hia
only hat."
In the use of Articles, Adjectives and
Adverbs.
The articles are the words "a," "an"
BY PROFESSOR H. G. BUEHLER.
XIX— HOW TO AVOID COMMON
BLUNDERS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS.
NIGHT SCHOOL COURSE.
shall not consider the lever Itself as hav
ing any weight.
The balance Is a lever of what is called
the first class. The fulcrum Is between
A rigid search of all the pawnshops In
this 'city failed to discover the slightest
trace of any of the articles stolen from
the Stewart Hotel or from the Campbell
residence. The detectives, however, 'did
discover that Miss Bellingham had, during
the summer, pawned the Jewelry which
she wore on her arrival at the hotel.
Detective Harper some weeks ago traced
the trunks of Miss Bellingham to a stor
age warehouse, and searched them. Why
be did so he declines to tell. . I
A young student of St. Ignatius College,
who called upon ftlies Bellingham during
the summer, tells of seeing in her open
trunk a number of silver spoons, and his
description of them tallies with that of
the spoons which formerly adorned the
Campbells' tables.
Among the articles stolen from the
Campbejls were many silver spoons and a
real lace collar of special design.
While supposed to be visiting the Camp
bells, Miss Bellingham called at the Stew
art to make social calls, wearing a lace
collar which is described by those who
saw It as being similar In every respect
to the one purloined from Mrs Campbell.
Another remarkable similarity was the
possession by Miss Bellingham of em
broidered napkins that were counterparts
of those which Mrs. Campbell lost One
of the ladles residing at the Stewart tells
of a peculiar brooch which the little Eng
lishwoman wore when on a visit, such a
brooch also figuring in the list of stolen
goods from the Campbell residence.
Previous to thia event Miss Bellingham
announced that she was going to visit
Mr. and Mrs. Campbell for a few weeks.
As a matter of fact she ¦was hired to ¦wait
on Mrs. Campbell, who is an invalid. De
tectlve Harper has a long list of articles
stolen from the Campbells at the very
time that Miss Bellingham was residing
with them, consisting of valuable jewelry,
money, clothing, silks and silverware.
But one lady residing at the Stewart
had little faith in Miss Bellingham. One
evening she visited the bathroom and left
a valuable diamond ring there. Miss
Bellingham entered the bathroom soon
after the lady in question had vacated
it. Shortly afterward there was a scene.
Accusations passed to and fro, with the
result that Miss Bellingham left the hotel.
Detective Harper has for five weeks
carried In his pocketbook a photograph
of the fair Daphne, and while he has been
unable to locate her, she has been seen on
the streets and at the theaters, sometimes
wearing articles of dress which bear a re
markable similarity to some of those pur
loined from Mrs. Campbell.
Early in the summer Miss Daphne Bell
ingham arrived at the Stewart and an
nounced that she was prepared to remain
for some months. She spoke of her rich
relatives in England and claimed relation
ship with nearly all the families who ap
pear In Burke's Peerage. .
If, .in the course of conversation, the
names of any of the English nobility
were mentioned, the dashing Daphne
would at once claim them as blood rela
tives. It took but a little time for Miss
Bellingham to be on friendly terms with
all the guests of the house and she made
frequent social calls to the apartments of
her lady friends. The young men who
resided at the Stewart were fairly car
ried away in the desire to please the
young Englishwoman, ror she was sup
posed to have plenty of money. Coinci
dent with the freedom of the rooms of the
guests granted to Miss Bellingham, trin
kets and valuable goods were missed, but
not for a "moment were me thefts charged
to any visitor, least of all to the English
woman.
All of' the parties mentioned above
would like to. have a talk with Miss Bell
ingham, for they think that she. might be
able to throw light on the subject of val
uable goods stolen from the guests of the
Stewart Hotel and from Mr. and Mrs.
Campbell during the last few months.
If Miss Daphne Bellingham. a dashing
young Englishwoman, is in the city,
knowledge of her whereabouts would
bring joy to the hearts of Detectives Har
per and Armstrong and also to many
guests of the Stewart Hotel, Kills and
Leavenworth streets, as well as to H. P.
Campbell, bookkeeper of the National
Iron Works, and his wife, who reside at
1310 Hyde street.
Many Valuable Articles Also Disap
pear From the Residence of H.
J. Campbell at 1310 Hyde
Street^. ¦¦"¦ .
Detectives Fail to Find the
Thief or Locate Stolen
Goods.
STEWART HOTEL
GUESTS ROBBED
The candidate who expresses himself is
often beaten by another who pays the
freight. ¦ -¦ -.:¦¦-. \ .
Court German America has appointed
a committee to arrange for a Christmas
festival, to be given on the night of the
26th of December.
The name of Court Holland of Oakland
has been changed to Court Athens. N.
Holland of that court, for whom > it was
originally named, has been created a past
chief • ranger, and at. the next meeting of
the court he will be presented a ribbon
and certificate of his rank.
Court San Joaquin of Stockton has
in the past six weeks initiated fifty
strangers.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Next Wednesday evening the second of
a series of entertainments offered under
the direction of the Past Chief Rangers'
Association will be given in Golden Gate
Hall, when a choice programme will bo
presented. This will be followed by a
dance. ; .¦•¦-.-...,.. ' . **
Last week Court Yerba Buena of
the Independent Order of Foresters
gave an entertainment to its friends in
the Laurel Hall of the Shiels building
There was a large attendance of members
and their friends, who were entertained
with an excellent programme of vocal and
instrumental music, comic recitations and
a few remarks about the order Those
who contributed to the entertainment of
the evening were Professor d'Arcy R
Luders, Ed. Goldsmith, Elsa Arps g" a'
Heuter and Joseph Beckett. Each num
ber was greatly appreciated. After the
entertainment there was a well-arranged
programme of dances. . .
Independent Foresters.
Mrs. M. Kenny, who lives at Elmhurst
and Sillman streets, secured a warrant
from Judge Cabaniss yesterday for th«
arrest of. William Horgan, a young man
who used to live at her house, on a
charge of disturbing the peace. She al
leged that Horgan went to her house Sun
day night and bombarded It with rocks
and mud. She says he also threatened to
kill her and her husband and the hired
man, who took shelter in the barn.
Bombarded a House.
The will of the late Henry D. Cogswell
was admitted to probate by Judge Troutt
yesterday. George Chismore, who wit
nessed the execution of the will and Per
cie C. Black and George E. Jackson, sub
scribing witnesses to the codicil were ex
amined and the order admitting the will
followed. William G. Henshaw was ap
pointed executor, to serve without bonds.
Louisa Schwebs filed a contest yester
day to the will of her mother, Katharina
Dilges. who died recently, leaving an es
tate valued at $10,000. Contestant alleges
that the deceased was unduly Influenced
by Henry Dilges. her son. and Emma
Buccholz, her daughter.
At the Instance of M. C. Hassett at
torney for the Public. Administrator' the
investigation <.f the story to the effect
that Mate Green of the bark Melanope
was seen counting piles of gold in the
ship s cabin after the death of Captain
John R. Craigen will be continued before
Judge Troutt this morning. Mate Green
and Robert B. Hogue have been cited to
appear for examination.
Public Administrator Boland, as admin
l* tr w t ,° m of , the _ estate of the la *e Elma
Mabel Taylor, has sued Dennis Diamond
administrator of the estate of the late
Captain John R. Craigen to recover $53 900
??, cur ?. < L by , the sale o? the bark Melanope'
Plaintiff claims that the ship was the
property of Elma Mabel Taylor and that
the defendant's claim to the proceeds of
the sale of the bark is without merit.
Judge Dalngerfleld has gained twenty
two votes since the counting of ballots In
his contest to the election of Thomas F
i^t"™ 1^ l aSt P, rec , lnc t of the Twenty!
eighth District and six precincts of the
Twenty-ninth District were counted yes
terday, and Dalngerfleld made a net gain
of one vote during the day. The contest
at the present late will occupy about a
month.
Court Notes.
debauched her there In the hotel. An
other woman had been degraded through
the machinations of the Baron and his
brother. Many reputable guests had been
driven away from the hotel. His wine
sales had been cut down 65 or 70 per cent
on account of the Baron's conduct. He
also said that the Baroness* friends no
longer came to the hotel on account "
Maguire objected and the objection was
sustained. The witness continued:
"General Warfleld said further, 'There
are a lot of fool women who have been
easy. They have given .the Baron a
swelled head and he thinks he can 'insult
any woman.' The Baron and his brother
had ruined tha hotel and they could
have it."
The witness said that Mr. Leake asked
how the Baron had ruined it, and General
Warfield used plain English in his char
acterization of the manner in which the
Baron had acted.
"Who were the people who had been
driven away from the hotel?" asked Ma
guire. ,
"I have no names as to those. The
only indication here is a note of an elder
ly lady and her two daughters who were
persecuted by the Baron. He would fol
low them through the grounds, bob up
from behind rose bushes, and In various
ways make himself obnoxious; until final
ly they left the hotel."
"Was the article published as you
wrote it?" £ _ . ,
"It was modified somewhat I had
been rather harsher with • the de
fendant and the copy reader made some
changes."
Mrs. Warfleld Interviewed.
Prank L. Perkins was called. He testi
fied that he was the San Rafael corre
spondent of The Call on and_-before Oc
tober 25, 1899.
"Did you have an interview with Mrs.
Warfleld?" asked Attorney Preston.
"Yes. sir."
"In the Hotel RafaeL"
"Who were present?"
"Mrs. Warneld, General Warfleld and
myself." • ,,
"What did you communicate to Mr.
Leake concerning that Interview?"
"I told Mr. Leake that Mrs. Warfleld
had told me that the General would try to
get a release from the hotel lease; that
the Baron's conduct had been notorious
for months. Ho had insulted women, and
his conduct with o'yher women whom he
could not insult was such as to scandalize
respectable women. His conduct had not
been confined to the hotel, but had ex
tended to roadside resorts, his associates
being guests at the hotel."
Maguire objected to testimony regarding
conduct away from the hotel. The court
Bald the conduct alleged occurred In the
vicinity of the hotel and the testimony
was admissible.
••She named only one resort, the Fair-,
fax Villa. Bhe said he had taken guests
there. She had remonstrated with him
concerning his carousals, and he said he
was running his own hotel. Servants had
told her that he and his companions
passed whole nights in gambling. At one
time some of them had sat up all night
gambling. She had caused a servant to
watch them and had told the Baron that
her husband could not permit gaming in
the hotel. She had told Baron von
Bchrceder that such conduct must cease.
She did not believe it would cease, as she
did not believe the leopard could change
"Did you inform Mr. Leaks what Gen
eral Warfleld had said?"
"I told him that he sat quietly and of
fered no objections."
Questions framed to call forth testi
mony showing the absence of malice on
the part of himself and Mr. Leake were
objected to by Judge Maguire. The court
ruled that the witness might testify as
to the instructions given him by Mr.
Leake.
"He told me," said the witness, "not
to send over anything until the lease of
the hotel should be given up. When that
should happen my story would have been
verified, and I should notify him." ¦
"Did he ask you anything else?"
"I told him I had myself been at a party
at Fairfax Villa, where the Baron, his
brother and others from the hotel were
"What dld >( you tell Mr. Leake had hap
pened then?"
The question was objected to by Ma
guire, Preston wanted to ask witness to
give -what had happened as direct testi
mony, but that was not ¦ allowed, and
Preston returned to his original question,
the court permitting it to be answered.
The witness said:
"I told him that two ladles from the"
hotel were there with the Baron and his
brother, and that I had seen enough to
MISS JESSIE ACKERMAN, a
well-known temperance lecturer
and syndicate writer, was the
guest of honor of the Pacific
Coast Women's Press Associa
tion at a reception given in Century Hall
yesterday afternoon.
Miss Ackerman, who is about to start
on her 'third tour of the world, [enter
tained the ladies with a delightfully in
formal talk, in which she told of some
of the remarkable people she had met.
Miss Ackerman's- descriptions of the Ori
ental potentates whose hospitality she
had enjoyed were painted in vivid colors,
and the little personal anecdotes that
went with the descriptions showed in a
very few words the status of civilization
in the Far East.
convince me that the Baron was pretty
fresh with them."
"Did you sent Mr. Leake any word on
October £4?"
"I sent him word that I understood that
the lease was to be given up the fol
lowing day. and that General Warneld
couJd be seen at the California Hotel."
Adjournment was taken to 10:15 o'clock
this morning.
Miss Ackerman dwelt especially upon
her meeting with Olive Schreiner, and
pictured her appofirance, her home and
her surroundings m a way that made a
strong impression upon her listeners.
Century Hall was prettily decorated In
honor of the occasion. Potted palms
decked the platform and the flags of all
nations draped the walls. Mrs. Ellen Sex
ton, president of the club, presided, and
she was ably assisted by the following la
dies, who acted as a reception committee:
Mrs. J. H. Jewett, Mrs. Amelia W. Trues
dell. Miss Morgan. Mrs. Frances Edger
ton, Mrs. Hyneman, Mrs. Powell, Mrs
Van Pelt and Mrs. Reamer.
After Miss Ackerman's talk, music, tea
and general conversation were in order.
The hours of the reception were from 3
till 5.
MISS JESSIE ACKERMAN, THE WELL-KNOWN TEMPERANCE ADVO
CATE, WHO DELIVERED AN INTERESTING ADDRESS BEFORE
THE PACIFIC COAST WOMEN'S PRESS ASSOCIATION.
"He said the Baron frequently followed
women through the grounds, ogled women
from the veranda and had even been ac
cused of Indecent exposure. One case he
told of, that of a young woman who he
was convinced came there a virtuous wo
man, anJ was ruined by the Baron. She
was susceptible to flattery, in which the
Baron was a past master. The Baron had
Past master in Flattery.
"General Warneld admitted that he was
to surrender the lease of the Hotel Ra
fael." said the witness. "He stated that
guests had complained repeatedly of the
Baron's conduct and on frequent occa
sions there had been 6candal. General
Warfleld said that it was Baron von
Schroeder's custom to have girls and
young matrons introduced to him. He
mentioned one case. The Baron frequent
ly entertained a young married woman,
who invited other young lady guests.
Some of these were guests at the hotel,
others were from the outside.
Maguire objected, but the court over
ruled him on the ground that Buch state
ment was evidence in mitigation.
Maguire asked if the notes were War
field's complete statement. Witness said
they were not, but were catch notes to
refresh his memory, with occasional verb
atim quotations. The court ruled that the
use of the notes by the witness was al
lowable.
I»nghand notes were handed witness
and he identified them. Colonel Preston
instructed him not to mention any names
of women written in the notes, and cau
tioned him repeatedly not by any inad
vertence to use those names in his testi
mony.
"Tell what took place at that inter
view."
"What part did you take in the inter
view?"
"I took notes of General Warfiejd's
statements."
"I was."
"Were you present at an interview on
October 24. 1SS9, between Mr. Leake and
Genera! Warneld?" asked Preston.
Reporter Tells of Interview.
"It was since that time that you have
ceased to be on speaking terms with the
Mayor?"
"Yes. I have met the Mayor only a
few times."
"How long have you known General
Warneld?"
"Four or five years, I presume. I was
a member of the National Guard, and
met him in that capacity."
"Have you met him frequently eince
October 24. 1SS9?"
"Yes, frequently. We belong 1 to the
same club, and I meet him there often."
"You had no personal knowledge of the
facts published In the article?"
"None."
Witness was excused, and W. H. Ray
mond was called.
"I met him on the street. If anything
was said about this matter it was
brought up by him. and was casual. Our
con\'ersation was of politics."
"Did you meet Phelan or have any con
versation with him anywhere prior to
the election?"
"I certainly would."
"Did you have a conversation with Ma
yor Phelan on or about the 26th of Oc
tober in reference to the publication of
this editorial, in a room or stall in the
basement or under the Phelan building?"
"I did not. I have not been on speak
ing terms with Mayor Phelan for tome
time."
"Would you have recollected such a
conversation?"
"I do not remember that I did."
"No. There may* have been a man of
that name employed in some one of the
depar tmants. "
"Did you have an Interview with Mr.
Spreckels in regard to this story before
its publication in the presence of a third
person?"
Preston withdrew his objection and the
editorial became a part of the evidence
in the case.
"You Bay Mr. Bpreckels was at or near
Salinas City on the night of October 24,
1S33," said Magnlre. "When did h« re
turn to San Francisco?"
"My recollection is that he returned on
the afternoon of October 25- I am not
positive as to the date,"
"Did you talk to him about the article
published by you the- morning of the
25th?"
"I did."
"Had you a reporter on the paper
named McGee?"
Judge Angellottl perused the editorial,
which asserted it to be the sacred duty
of a newspaper to expose vice which af
fects puDlic morality. Turning- to Pres
ton, the Judge said with significant em
phasis:
"Do you object to the admission of this
In evidence?
Objections made by Preston were over
ruled by the court and an exception was
noted. Witness had read the article.
proposed to read the Bulletin article
and Preston objected that there was no
evidence in to show that Warneld had
written the letter, and the court ruled
that plaintiff's counsel was not entitled
to read the latter at that time.
Maguire oifered a clipping of an edl
orial published in The Call October 26,
l£Vy. Witness said it was published on
his authority. Counsel offered it In evi
dence to show malice, its publication hav
ing followed the publication of the Bul
letin denial. Preston objected on the
ground that no reference was made to the
plaintiff in the editorial.
"Did you see a letter written by General
Warfield and published in the Bulletin
October 25, 1833, denying the truth of the
article in The Call?"
The Bulletin I>eniaL
"Not entirely. I had Mr. Perkins' state
ment of his interview with Mrs. War
field."
"Who Is this Perkins on whose state
ment you relied"
"He was our regular San Rafael cor
respondent."
"Mr. Raymond, you say, wrote the ar
ticle alleged to be libelous?"
"He wrote the original article from his
notes. It passed through the hands of the
copy readers and may have been trimmed
and objectionable matter eliminated."
"Did you confer with Mr. Spreckels con
cen.ing Mr. Perkins' information before
>our Interview with General Warfield?"
"I do not remember to have done so. I
may have mentioned it casually."
"Your decision to publish the story was
due solely to General Wartteld's state
ments?"
"He stated that the Baron took no pains
whatever to cover them up; that he rather
took pride in flaunting them."
Witness had no acquaintance with
Baron von Schroeder and had had no
dealings with him.
"Where was the defendant, John r>.
Spreckels, at this timer'
The question called up objections from
plalntifi's counsel, which were overruled,
and the witness replied:
"He was at the Salinas sugar factory."
"Did he have any knowledge, of what
was to be published?"
"None whatever."
Defendant's counsel surrendered the wit
ness. .
"What is your exact position on The
Call?" asked Maguire.
"I am manager."
"You have direction of both the editorial
and the business departments?"
"I do not assume sole direction. I con
sult with Mr. Spreckels as to the policy
or the" paper."
"Did you authorize this publication
solely on the information gained from
Gene/al Warfield?"
"On that and information furnished by
Mr. Perkins."
Vice Flaunted in Public
"Did General Warfield make any state
ment as to the publicity of these acts?"
spectable girl, he believed, and had been
ruined by the Baron. He said he had the
reputation of running: a respectable hotel
and he could not afford to lose that repu
tation. Baron von Schroeder and his
brother had ruined the good name of the
Hotel Rafael and they could take It and
keep it."
"i>id he make any statement concern
ing* plaintiff and his wife?"
"Speaking about the hotel becoming un
prontable, he said that the Baron and his
wife had formerly stayed there during
the winter months. She had later gone to
Germany. Some question of a woman
came up and he could not leave to join her
until it was settled. He said the Baron
had squandered much of his fortune, and
maia particular mention of bonds of the
Donahue Railroad that he had sold."
"What effect did General Warneld's
statements have upon you?"
"I believed they were true or I would
not have published the article. I gave ex
plicit instructions to the reporter to elim
inate all the names of women used in the
interview."
THE SAN FRANQISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18* 3900.
Paints Vivid Pictures of Customs of
People She Has Met in the
Far East.
MISS ACKERMAN
TALKS OF ORIENT
In a lever of the second class the weight
Is between the power and the fulcrum. A
wheelbarrow la an example of this class,
or the oar of a boat, the water being the
fulcrum. A nut cracker is a good example
The sfeelyard Is another lever of this
class. A crowbar, a poker raising coals,
using the bar of a grate as a fulcrum,
and the handle of a pump are levers of
this class. Scissors, nippers, nut crack
ers, etc.. are double levers of this class.
Note illustration:
the weight and the power, or. as in this
instance, between the two weights.
at a doable lever of this class. Note
lustration.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
of Beef simplifies sick room
cookery. A cup of rich beef
.tea in a minute, before the
invalid's fancy foi food has
passed away. >^*
The (renufaie always f , m . ft .
bears thia »isnitare yr****' * >C^& Ofl
in bla* : (/ &S¦ Articles— ¦ Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. »—
January - 70% 70H 70 70%
May 78 73% 72% -732
Corn No. 8— •
December J7% 89% J7% gjii
January 85»4 86% 85^4 86V4
May «5%. 86J4 85% 36&
Oats No. »—
December .... 2iu
May 28% 23% 2SV4 23%
Mess pork, per barrel— ,
January 12 17H II 20 12 12hi 12 15
May v ......12 07Vi 13 10 U 02ft 12 07Mi
Lard, per K0 pounds—
December. 7 C5 7 10 7 05 7 07H
January 6 85 6 87H 6 S5 6 85
May 6 90 6 92^4 6 90 6 90 <
Bhort ribe. per 100 rounds —
January 6 22ft 6 25 « 20 8 25.
May 6 30 6 82% 6 30 6 32^
Caeh quotations were ae follows: Flour, dull;
No. 3 spring wheat,' 65@70',6c ; No. 2 red, ~2<g>7ic •
No. 2 corn. 39c: No. S yellow. 39c; No. 2 oats'
22H«f22%c; No. 2 white. 23*4 @26c; No. 3 white.
24%026%c: No. 2 rye, 4S@4Dc; good feeding bar
ley, 43®S6c; fair to choice malting, 57©S9c;
No. I 1 Northwestern, $1 64@1 65;- prime timothy
seed. >* 45 ; mess pork, per barrel, $11 12V*®
11 25; lard. " per 100 pounds, $7 05@7 10; short
ribs sides (loose), 58 25@6 50; dry salted should
ers (boxedi, 6 7 / ifi'6%c; short clear sides (boxed)
$6 60@6 70; whisky, basis of high . wines. |i 27;
sugars, cut loaf, 6.22c; granulated, 6. 70c; con
fectlonere' A, 6.60c; off A. 5.40c; clover, con
tract grade, $10® 10 25. ,
Articles— ' Receipts. Bhlpments.
Flour, barrels ................ 21,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels ...». .162,000 12,000
Corn, bushels ;. 150.000 192,000
Oata, bushels 179.000 76,000
Rye, bushels 9,000 . 1,000;
Barley, bushels ..... ,„ ,..,... . 46,000 8,000
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Dee. 17.— The surface Indica
tions in to-day's stock market all go to show
that etocks were in very active course of trans
fer from the hands of ttrong to those of weak
holders. The culmination of a rise invariably
presents this very condition, but lt is a con
dition which occurs also at intervals In any
long FUFtalned upward movement. The con-
Fervatlve clement after seeing a certain profit
r^currd rr.aies it a habit to 6*11 and take
profits regardless of the prospects of a further
advance. The weight of Influence then passes
to the bear party and the upward course is
not renewed until they have exhausted their
best efforts to rush the reaction to a culmina
tion. What was evident to-day was that pow
erful skillful manipulation was at work to
make the opening prices as high as possible
to meet the flood of outside buying orders
•rtdeb was certain to come into the market
alter latt weok'e event*. From the very first
enorrcous realizing was In evidence. Later In
the day very earnest attempts to hold up the
market by marking up the price of various
individual stocks, and as the fact became more
and more evident that the sustaining force of
these individual movements was taken advant
age of to continue the unloading of heavy lines
of long stock the professional element on the
Exchange turned to the bear side. They were
successful in forcing a sharp reaction, much
reducing the rains that had been largest and
completely wiping out a large number of those
that had only reached moderate proportions.
Manipulation dex-eloped at the clote again to
rally the market by bidding up Northern Pa
cific to 78Vfc— a record price. The shorts were
buying to cover elsewhere so that the closing
was generally steady with the further coursa
of the market very unsettled and doubtful.
Kv«?n with the net changes In prices to-day
very email the profits on last week's advances
are on en enormous scale. To-day's animated
outburst of outside speculation was the logical
consequence of last week's events. The pal
pable fact that large banking and financial in
terests were taking on enormous lines of vari
ous stocks axid the development* of the week
pointing to far-reaching plans and the Im
provement of values waa offset for a time
by the apparently dangerous condition of the
meney market against the natural drain In Us
resources. The normal course or sub-treasury
operations also promised some relief this week.
The outburst of bullish enthusiasm was a cer
tain consequence. Thi fact eeems to be that
strong banking interests provided themselves
Seng since with ample resources to take ad
vantage cf the reactionary tendency of stocks
Incident to the December period to absorb very
fcpavf amounts of the various railroad stocks
which have figured mout largely In the stock
market for many days past. Bo large and
effective was this buying as to overcome the
natural reactionary tendency In the market an4
to prompt the epeculati\-e public to rush to
eecure stocks reelng that the expected reac
tion U< not likely to occur before January.
llighfr prices for etocka In January have been
the universal expectation on the Stock Ex
change and speculators nave only affected an
opportunity to buy stocka and hold them safely
In anticipation of any rUe. Last week's bank
etateraent was accepted as the assurance that
ccsey resources would be ample to hold stocks
a — *
CHICAGO, Deo. 17. — Corn again took prece
dence on the Board of Trade to-day and was
strong and higher from the start. The unset
tled weather conditions, rendering still more
uncertain any increase in the contract stocks
and the total absence of contract corn in to
day's arrivals of 547 cars, revived anxiety
among shorts, who became active bidders for
both December and May as the session pro
gressed. Chief interest centered in the Decem
ber option. This was bid up very rapidly by
one prominent broker who is credited with be
ing heavily short, the price reaching 39%c be
fore the reaction came. Even at that figure
there was little offered for sale. The decrease
in the vjsible supply of 624,000 bushels helped
the bull situation. May In the meantime also
showed considerable strength, though having
periods of comparative depression. December
closed 2%c higher at 2S&c. May closed *jo
higher at SCVic.
Wheat was inclined to be weak early in the
session. Lower cables, world" s receipts of
about a million larger than expected and a
large Increase on I passage had a depressing
effect on bulls and the market for some time
appeared to be utterly without support. Open-
Ing Uo lower at 72%@7So May sold at 72%@
72%c for th» first hour of trading. Up to about
11 o'clock the market continued heavy and ap
parently barren of buyers, but a hardening
tendency appeared soon after, prospects of de
crease in the visible and the strength of corn
bringing good support. During the last hoiir
the market was dull but quite firm, and all
the early loss waa recovered. May advanced to
73 J ,Jc and closed at that price.
Oats were dull from start to finish, business
being confined entirely to professionals. May
closed a shade higher at 23%@23%o.
Provisions were dull and easy early, heavy
hog receipts causing a general decline in prices.
Lard and Dork were offered quite freely, with
few. takers. Toward the end the market im
proved, shorts coming into the market and
prices recovering somewhat. January . pork
closed 10c lower; lard, 2}*c lower; ribs, un
changed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 $2
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85V4
Sterling Cables — 4 MVfc
New York Exchange, sight — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 7$4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64
Mexican Dollars, nominal.. SOH ® "i
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The markets all over the world
continued dull and featureless. The American
visible supply decreased 412.000 bushels and the
English 386,500. The world's shipments for the
week were as follows: Russian, 143,000 quarters;
Argentine, 78,000 quarters.
The New York market showed no material
charge, and Chicago was dull and weak, with
small trading and a downward tendency in
prices.
The local market was elugelsh and weak,
with a slight decline in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97V4c; milling, $1 02&
@1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls,
$104.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctla, $1 04%.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
CALL, BOARD SALES,
BARLEY— The market is firmer, owing to
lighter offerings, though there is no advance In
prices.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72%c for No. 1
and 67>4®70c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
72%c.
Afternoon Seesion— Nq sales,
OATS— Rule . firm at previous quotations.
White, $1 80©l CO; Surprise, nominal: Red, $1 25
@1 40 for feed and $1 35®1 45 for seed; Gray,
nominal; Black, for feed. $1 1S@1 20; for seed,
(1 25®1 30 t>er ctl. .-:,
CORN— There Is. nothing 'new to report. Of
ferings are light and the demand- la nothing
extra. California Yellow, $1 15@1 20; California
White, tl 10@l 15; Eastern mixed, $1 12%@1 15
per ctl.
RYE— 85087^0 per ctl. ¦
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at %l 75®J per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— Calif ornla Family Extras, |3 23©
8 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15#S 25:
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for : family • and
$2 75(33 for bakers': Washington, bakers',
$2 7693.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. 12 50; Rice Flour, *7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60;' Oat Groats,' $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50IB3 76; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), Wa
7 25; In sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. (5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
, Bran Is slightly lower- under increased of
ferings. Hay . is" , still . easy and In ample sup
ply at • unchanged prices.
$14 S0@15 per ton.
/ MIDDLINGS— ?16 60@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J25@26; Jobbing.
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18; Corn Meal, $26®
26 60; Cracked Corn. J2« 60@27; Mixed Feed, J15
©II.- • ¦•- -..-> ... • -- •; •-, -. -.*>-•¦•
HAT— Volunteer. ' $5@8; Wheat, $ll@13*50;'
Wheat and O»t. $10®12 50; Oat, WS12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, V $S@9 GO; Barley, $7 5099 S4
per ton. -'••¦..
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds,
. • There were aalea of white Beans at firm
prices.' The other descriptions were unchanged.
• BEANS— Bayos, *2 (&ipZ 75: ; Small White
|4 8S®4 M; ' Largo White,: $3 8608 65; Pink, $2©
2:15; Red. $2 75@3 00; Blackeye, |3; Limas, $5 35
6an Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
EG; minimum, 46; mean, 6L
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly during the
last 2t hours over Northern California and
Southern Oregon. An area of high pressure
overlies Nevada, and Eastern California, but
will probably move quickly southeastward.
The temperature I; as remained nearly sta
tionary over the entire country west of the
Rocky Mountains. Throughout California the
terr.p^rt.fjres are nearly normal.
Rain has fallen gent^aJly on the Paciflc Slope
north of the Tecachapi. The following maxl
lEum wind velocities are reported: San Fran
cisco. 2S miles per hour, from the southeast,
and Independence, 2S miles, from the north.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight December 18. 1S00:
Ni-irthem California — Cloudy, unsettled
w«:at.hpr Tuesday; showers in central and north
em lortion; cloudy In southern portion; fresh
pouth«?rly winis.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday, with
conditions favorable for light showers; light
northerly wl«ds. changing to southwesterly
winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday. *¦¦ .
Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday,
with occasional showers; light northerly chang
ing t» southerly winds.
ALEXANDER O. McAT>IE»
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.997 barrels; exports, 16,076 barrels; again neg
lected, but manifested rather more steadiness
to-day, with less pressure to sell.
WHEAT-r-RecelptB. 9800 bushels; exports, 32,
000 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 86c t. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 77^4c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 83*,ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
S7V»c f. o. b. afloat. Options during the first
half of the session were weakened by heavy
world's shipments, local unloading and easier
cables. Subsequently, however, export busi
ness and an unexpected decrease In the visible
supply invited covering, which led to a partial
recovery. Closed firm at Me net advance; Jan
uary. 76 13-1GQ77HC, closed at TiMc; March,
78 15-16ctS79Vic, closed at 79Uc; May. 78 9-16®
79 l-16c, closed at 79c; December, 76 3-18@77Vfrc,
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Reilned, quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio market barely steady;
No. 7 Invoice, 7c; mild, quiet; Cordova, "9%@
13V4c Futures closed bttady at net unchanged
to 5 points lower; total sales, 28.500 bags, in
cluding Dec, {5 65; January, $a 65; February.
$5 76; March, J5 SO; May, $3 90; June, $5 90;
July, $5 95; August. $6 05; September, $6 05@
6 10; October, $6 05@6 10.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,500 packages; unsettled
and- weak; creamer y, 17@25c; June creamery,
17(g23c: factory, ll%<flflc
EGGS— Receipts, 3S62 packages; steady;
"Western regular packing, at murk, 22@'2ec;
Western, Ioeb off, "Sc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Deo. 17. -Choice and fancy
grades of evaporated apples are meeting with
a fair demand and offerings are light. The
market exhibited a steady to firm undertone at
fully sustained prices. State common were
quoted at 4®6c; prime, 4»i(g^^4c; choice, 5%<g6c;
fancy, 6@7c. »
California dried fruits were quiet and un
changed on the basis of SViQS'^c per pound for
prunes, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, U@14c; Moorpark. 15S16o.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled, 6^ 9c.
San Francisco Trade Journal.
The Pen Francisco Trade Journal Is out with
Jts annual cannery edition, a publication of
thirty-one pages, with illuminated covers. It
contains exhaustive statistics of the different
ranning industries, such as salmon, fruits and
vegetables, etc.. and directories of the dif
ferent canneries of the coast.
Dried Fruit in Nezfr York.
Mall advices from New York Eay: "Trade Is
very slow end the market generally continues
ea*y. Even at the lower range of prices de
mand Is not especially active, and there seems
a general Jack of confidence on the part of
buyers that the bottom has been reached yet.
On all but the regular holiday lines business is
extremely quiet, and the holiday buying is far
from what lt was a year ago at the correspond
ing time.
"Currants eeein Inclined to go lower If any
tl.Ics. Low grade goods are quoted at 9%c
but little eound stock can be bought under
1C.C. The local market is not on as low a
basis as the Z^igllsh markets and goods are
bpjng purchased on the other side by dealers
here. The raisin situation continues weak and
demoralized all along the line. Some business
in layer* is reported at Jl 4^1 50 for S-crown,
but loose are dull and easy. Seeded are In
some request from the regular trade. Two
crown coast seeded are going out "In a fair
way at £\c and S-crown at SJzS^c Some Mal
agas are celling for the Christmas trade, but
mostly In email lots. Prunes are In better
position, the association now being In control
of meet outside goods on the coast, lt is un
derstood. Sales of several cars of outside
prunes were reported yesterday, nevertheless,
at cut prices, the goods to come from Cali
fornia.
"More inquiry is noted for peaches, which
art a trifie firmer. Fancy apricots are firm.
Prime evaporated apples are slightly firmer,
but quiet. Chops are held at Jl 00 in barrels.
Waste is easier.
'Trench walnuts continue in good demand,
tales of several hundred bags being heard of at
i^ifjS^c Almonds sxe easy and in little de
r-if-ff
Weather Report.
«20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 17—5 p. m.
The followir.g are the seasonal rainfalls to
Aate sjs compared with those of same date last
M&Eon and rainfall in last 24 hours:
over the January X period. Outside of tha
opening general advance ranging up to be
tween 1 end 2 points the most striking later
advances were in the New York public utilities,
led by Brooklyn Rapid Transit and Metropol
itan, the Erie stocks and a number of minor
Vanderbllts. Amalgamated C%>per also de
veloped notable strength, rallying 4 points.
The excited bull market was a striking con
trast to the panic of a year ago, when the
constriction of the money supply waa forcing
stocks on the market at any sacrifice in order
to meet the calling of loans.
Bonds were not so active as stocks and the
movement of prices was Irregular. Total sales,
par value, 15,260.000.
United States Ss (registered) declined %. the
2s advanced % and Ss (coupon) % on the last
call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
eold. Stocks— Bid.
64.600 Atchlson _„ 43%
41.600 Atchison prefd 86%
£.900 Baltimore & Ohio 82
Canadian Pacific 87>i
7,600 Canada Southern 60
26,:00 Chesapeake & Ohio ; 39
6,250- Chicago Great Western. «x dlv 16%
17.100 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 1S8%
4,660 Chicago Ind St. Loulsvxllle 26%
6.C&0 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 61%
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95%
1,500 Chicago & Northwestern 169%
19.100 Chicago Rock Island & Paclflo 117%
14,700 C C C & St Louis 70%
8,500 Colorado Southern 8%
7,845 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 45%
600 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 1S%
6,300 Delaware & Hudson 121H
4,900 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 190
2.150 Denver & Rio Grande 26
3.900 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 81%
43,300 Erie 20%
70.700 Erie 1st prefd 55
L06O Great Northern prefd 188%
400 Hocking Coal 15'
6,700 Hocking Valley 42U
1,200 Illinois Central ....126%
100 Iowa Central 20
400 Iowa Central prefd 44
Lake Erie it Western .' 43
2.900 Lake Erie & Western prefd 111%
100 Lake Shore 225
13,500 Louisville & Nashville S5»£
43.100 Manhattan L 113
£1,700 Mertopolitan Street Railway 173%
4,500 Mexican Central 14% i
LOW Minn & St Louis 67%
$00 Minn & St Louis prefd 103% ;
22,500 Missouri Pacific 6'^k
1,000 Mobile & Ohio 44!^
1,500 Missouri Kansas & Texas 14%
10.000 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 40%
1.000 New Jersey Central. 146
9,600 New York Central 14214
9,000 Norfolk & Western 43%
300 Norfolk & Western prefd 81%
75,600 Northern Pacific „ 78%
11,400 Northern Pacific prefd S5%
£5,000 Ontario & Western 28%.
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
21,500 Pennsylvania 143%
21,600 Reading 041^
4M00 Reading 1st prefd .' 6S%
12,100 Reading 2d prefd 36%
Rio Grande Western C3
Rio Grande Western prefd 96
1,800 St Louis & San Fran 21%
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 76
2,000 Et Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 57%
1,850 St Louis Southwestern 15%
8,000 St Louis Southwestern prefd. ...... S9*i
60,200 St Paul „ 132^4
St Paul prefd "lSl
500 St Paul & Omaha 123
141,800 Southern Pacific 4->«
6S.400 Southern Railway .*...!" 1M4
16,800 Southern Railway prefd. * 69^»
16,600 Texas & Pacific ................ n\L
6L700 Union Pacific ." \" 75/J
6.200 Union Pacific prefd 82%
8,800 Wabash \yl
12,200 Wabash prefd """"" 24^4
8,950 Wheeling & Lake Erie '.'.'.'.'." 11<1
8.000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29»i
2,2.5 Wisconsin Central 1314
2,800 Third Avenue .118
1.E50 Baltimore & Ohio prefd. ." 86^
8.800 National Tube gj
1,200 National Tube prefd "103
Express Companies —
....... Adams j$j
~ American "l"3
United States 52
Wells Fargo ......1S4
Miscellaneous —
2,100 American Cotton Oil $i«
American Cotton Oil prefd 81
400 American Malting 6
300 American Malting prefd 25
16,200 American Smelting & Rafflning.... 64%
LD60 American Smelting & Ref prefd 96%
, American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
7,400 American Steel Hoop 30%
S00 American Steel Hoop prefd 77%.
12.600 American Steel & Wire wl
2,200 American Steel & Wire prefd 87%
23,100 American Tin Plate £2
100 American Tin Plate prefd 83%
22.1C0 American Tobacco 109V*
3E0 American Tobacco prefd..... 135
• 8,400 Anaconda Mining Co 47%
138,300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 77%
6,270 Colorado Fuel & Iron 62%
20,700 Continental Tobaoo© 87%
2.C0O Continental Tobacco prefd 9Mi
21,150 Federal Bte*l -. „ 63
7,600 Federal Steel pr*fd _ 78
600 General Electric 171%
440 Glucose Sugar £2%
Glucose Sugar prefd 99
200 International Paper 22%
100 International Paj>er prefd 72^2
Laclede Gas 71"
400 National Biscuit 87%
National Biscuit prefd 90
1,600 National Lead 21
300 National Lead prefd 94
7.100 National Steel ...: 38%
100 National Bteel prefd...— 92%
275 New York Air Brake 161
4,800 North American 13%
810 Pacific Coast ..• 60
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 89
Pacific Coast 2d prefd.... ............ 66
1.500 Pacific Mall „ .-... 41%
22,700 People's Gas 95%
2,4fl0 Pressed Steel Car ....". 51%
600 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82%
17.700 Pullman Palace Car 200
150 Standard Rope & Twine 6%
17,2 f i0 Bugar 124%
200 Eugar prefd 115
8,430 Tennessee Ooal & Iron 61%
1»,100 United States Leather ;... 14
1.E0O United States I^eather prefd 75%
2,600 United States Rubber 28
1,210 United States Rubber prefd 80
23,100 Western Union 88%
2,600 -Republic Iron & Steel Co... it
COO Republic Iron & Steel Oo prefd 66%
P C C & St Louis E6
25,100 Amalgamated Copper 92%
LE15.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
TJ B 2s ref reg 104^1 V T Cent lsts. 109«
Do coup -.105 X T Cent «ren Cs..l27%
Do 3s reg HO Northern Pac 3s... 70*4
Do coup 110 Do 4# io4tt
Do new 4s re*.... 138% N* Y C & St L 4s..lO7W
Do coup ISSVi N & W oon 4a 99«
Do old 4s reg 114*S Or Nav lsts.... 109
Do coup 115*i Do 4s 102
Do 6s reg 113% Or Short Line 6s. ..129%
Do coup 113% Do con 6s.. ......117
Dls of Col 3.65s 124% Reading Gen 4s 83%
Atchlson gen 4s....lO2 ! h, II G W lsts 100%
Do adj 4s 88% St L t I It con 6s.ll3Vi
Canada Sou 2ds 108'.i S L & S F Gen 6s. 128'
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO4 St Paul con ..178
Do 5s 120% St P C & P lsts.. .120%
C & N con 7s 133% Do 5s .........122%
Do 8 F Deb SS..121 SouthernPac 4s.... S2%
Chic Term 4s.-. 93 Southern Ry 5s....ll3*i
Colorado Sou 4s... 85 Stand R & T 6s... 70
D & R G 4s.rr.....l01% Tex & Pac lsts.,... 1UU
Erie Gen 4s 84 Do 2ds.., ....83
F W 4 D C lets.. 79 Union Pac 4s 107
General Elec Es 143 Wabagh lsts 117T4
Iowa Cent lsts... .115^1 Do 2ds 107T4
LAN Unl 4s 101% West Shore 4s 115
M K & T 2ds 75 Wls Cent lsts 87%
Do 4s 941,4 Va Centuries »5%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Coo — 20 Little Chief _ ..... 15
Alice ~—^-.. 40 Ontario .,*«.1.... M • 00
Breece ~. I 00 Ophlr ...,«,.«.,^.. 60
Brunswick „¦ II Phoenix ,^.^«. M 10
Comstock TumML.. 4 00 Poto«! ......,#,•»».* 10
On the morning session of the Bond Ex
change there was a fair business, with an ad
vance In Gas and Electric to 343 62%. Contra.
Costa "Water sold up to $72. and there- wa« a
sale' of Bank of California at $410.
There was no particular change In the after
noon..
On the Oil Exchange there were large sales
of Home Oil at $4 10(84, a decline, and of
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River at 38@43c. an ad
vance. Petroleum Center was also higher at
21@22c, and McKittrick Con. at 42c.
The California Title Insurance and Trust
Company, having accumulated a reserve sur
plus of $75,000. has declared a quarterly divi
dend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum, pay
able January 7.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany has declared a dividend of 50 cents per
share, payable on the 26th.
The German Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend of 3i« per cent per annum
on all deposits, payable January 2. . *
The San. Francisco Savings Union has de
clared a dividend of 3.60 per cent per annum
on term and 3 per cent on ordinary deposits,
payable January 2.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
•*" MONDAY. Dec. 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.l B!d.>*k
4s quar coup.. 115*4116% !<s do CD (new).13S%139
48 do reg 114%115Vil3s do coup.... — 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
WATER STOCKS
Bay Co P Co. 104% — I Oak Water 5s.. 104% —
Cal-st Cab 3s. 113 — 1 Oceanic SS 5s. — 111
C C Water 5s. 109 — Om C Ry 6».. .128 —
Ed L & P 6s. ..131 — !P»c U Imp 4».iul —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — — P & Cl Ry 6s.. 103 109
Geary-st R 5s. — 91 P & o K ft 03.115% —
H C Ke. S 5%s.. — — Powoll-st R 6s.ll3 —
Do 6s 102% — Sac E G&R 5s. — 100%
L A Ry 6s....110%111% S F & SJV 6s.U9%120»i
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S K ot Cal «s.. — na
Do gntd 6s... — — 8 P R of A 6S.113H114
L A gntd 6s.... — 102 BPCh (1905
LAPRR5S.100 — (Series A).... 109% —
Market-st 6s.. .128% — Do (Series B)U0% —
Do 1st M 5s.l22% — Do (1906) 113 112%
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Do (1912) 121 —
N R of Cal 6S.114U. — S P R 1st g 6s.lO7% —
Do 53 119 — S P R 63 131 —
N P C R R 6s.l0t — S V Watsr 6s. 114*4 —
Do 5s 103 — Do 4s 103%104
N Cal Ry 6s... 110% — Do 3d mtge.101^102%
Oak G L & H.110% — Stktn Gas 6s. 101 103
Oak Tran 6s.. — 120
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Contra COflta... — 72^ Spring Valley. w% 94%
Mann County. 51% — 1
Cent L & P Co — <H Pao L Co — 44%
Eqult G L Co. Z% 1% Sac E G&R Oo 33 34
Mutual L Co.. S'f; 9 S F G & K.... 4£ft 4J l i
O G L & H.... 49% mi Bun Franclsoo 4*, +»*
Pao Gas Imp. 43 49 Stktn G&E Co — .14
INSURANCE STOCKS.;'"
FIrem's Fund.223 235 1
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 76% — First Natlonal.318 —
Bank of Cal...4C9 — Lon P & A 143 143
Cal S D ft T.. - 105% Merchants' Ex 14 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... I860 1900 6av A L So... - —
Hum S 4 L... — — Sec Sav Bk..273 825
Mut Sav Bk... M — Union T Co.,.. — —
S F Sav Un..525 — .
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....123H — |O S L & H.... 39 41
G*ary-*t 45 — Presidio 17 U
Market-st .,... 70 70% |
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 Vigorlt ... M ... VA *
Giant Con Co. 83?i S4Vi
SUGAR 3TOCK3
Hana S P Co. 7*4 7% Kilauea S Co.. 20% a
Haw C & S Co S.i — M&kaweli S Co 41T4 —
Honokaa S Co. 31*4 32 Onomea S Co. 23U —
Hutch S P Co. 25% 26 Paauhau S Co. 3lf* 32
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l23H125 Pao A F A... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn.103 104 fac C Bor Co. — —
hin lix Ab-n.. a.- h«> Par Paint Co.. 12% —
Oceanlo S Co.. — 105
Morning Session,
Board — • $$ '
65 Giant Powder Con ;; ti OO
60 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 90 00
150 Honokaa Sugar Co Jl 75
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co ....21 00
25 Mutual Electric Light SCO
150 Onoraea Sugar Co 2S 25
25 Paauhau S P Co Jl 8T$*
25 S F Gas & Electrio Co 49 00
. 30 S F Gas & Electrio Co 49 50
25 S F Ga« & Electrio Co 49 «:#
45 S F Gas & Electrio Co 43 25
Street—
15 Bank of California -...410 OO
J10.000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 104 50
20 Contra Costa Water 72 00
$.-¦000 S F & S J V Bonds 120 00
Afternoon Session.
. :.. * Board— •-.-.
5 Alaska Packers' Association _..124 00
2 German Savings & Loan C..1S90 00
25 Giant Powder Con 84 00
70 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 90 00 ¦
60 Hutchlnson S P Co „.. 25 75
5 Market Street Railway 70 25
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 87V4
' 2 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
85 S F Oas & Electric Co 43 25
40 S F Gas & Electrio Co „ 49 12^4
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 CO
20 Spring Valley Water „ 94 00
$10C0 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage) 102 00
Street—
20 Makawell Sugar Co 42 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
BOO California-Standard _.... a
3 Hanford 120 00
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 33
850 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River t 40
1300 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 42
300 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 43
625 Home Oil 4 10
6550 Home Oil _. 4 00
100 Home Oil 4 05
25 Homestake 10 50
110O McKittrick Consolidated 42
100 Monte Cristo „. „ \ 50
200 Occidental of Wert Virginia. gs
200 Petroleum Center _.... 22
BOO Petroleum Center jj
100 Wolverine l 50
Street—
1500 Home Oil 4 00
10 Oil City Petroleum a oo.
10 Oil City Petroleum 80 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 California-Standard jj
600 Four Oil Co 50
COO Four Oil Co....... 61
- 1 HanfortJ .« ijo oo
1300 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River...,,.,... 45
200 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River.. ........ 44
EOO McKittrlck Consolidated 42
50 Monarch of Arizona. it
10 Oil City Petroleum jo 50
100 Petroleum Center «l
600 Reed Crude Oil Co... 51
100 San Francisco, & McKittrick \ 50
40 San Joaquln Oil & Development 9 371
150 San Joaquln Oil Sc Development 9 ->i
100 Twenty-eight * * »s
1000 Yukon ....; * 55
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Deo. 17— »rtt) p. m.
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San B*ran
dsco Stock Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 13 200 Mexican ..._. J9
800 Best & Belcher. » 150 Orhlr «]
10O Caledonia 48 400 Savage U
50 Gould & Curry. 52 •
The following were the sales la the Pacifla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
600 Con Cal & Va.l 50 200 Overman u
300 Ophir 6tf 50 Savage ......... 13
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. Z) 200 Mexican .„?... M
800 Chollar 14 200 Ophlr »
600 Con Cal & Va..l 55^ 300 Ophlr 83
200 Con Cal & Va.l 52 300 Potosl 14
500 Con Cal & Va..l SO 50o Savage 17
300 Crown Point.... 13 200 Sierra Nevada. SO
50 Mexican 33 300 Union Con. 23
600 Mexican 33;
Afternoon Session.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
200 Caledonia 4S1 100 Ophlr «T
200 Con Cal & Va..l 47l 100 Potosl U
200 Mexican 3*1
MOXDAT, Doc 17 — 12 m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05| Justice 02 04
Alta — 06 Kentuck 01 03
And»s 08 10! Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher 14 15jMex!can 83 34
Best & Belcher 27 2S' Occidental 04 09
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr 69 67
Caledonia 47 43 [Overman 13 13
Chollar 15 16 Potosl 13 14
Challenge Con.. 21 22 Savage 17 IS
Confidence. 65 60. Scorpion — M
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 SOSeg Belcher ... 83 04
Con Imperial .. — 01 i Sierra Nevada. t3 80
Con New York. 01 — i Silver Hill 47 4S
Eureka Con ... — 25 i St. Louis — 10
Crown Point .. 11 S 00 8 20
Exchequer 02 — [Syndicate ...... — 10
Gould & Curry. 51 52; Union Con . TS 24
Hale& Norcroaa 20 22 Utah 05 W
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket . a a
Silver lower. Exchange about the same.
Wheat dull, with weaker futures. Barley firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran slightly lower. Hay unchanged.
Sales of White Beans at stiff quotations.
Potatoes still arrive heavily. Onions steady.
Liberal receipts of Vegetables from Los Angeles.
Butter and Eggs lower under larger receipts. Cheese firm.
Eiglit cars of Oranges auctioned at good prices.
Provisions quiet at steady prices.
Hides lower, with a quieter market.
Meat market slenderly supplied and firm. «
Oil stocks sell freely on the Exchange.
Fair transactions in local stocks and bonds.
Game in heavy receipt and weak. *
Two cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Coa Cal & V«_ 135|Sa.vage 08
geadwood „.„ 65] Sierra Nevada 27
Horn Sliver 1 101 Small Hopes 60
Iron Silver 76 Standard 8 85
Leadville Oon og
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— old Dominion 30>4
Call loans 6@6 Rubber 23
Time loans 606 Union Pacific 75U
Stocks— - . Union Land 2^
A T & S F 43 West End 93%
A T & S F prefd.. 86% Westinghouse Eleo 65
American Sugar... .124H Bonds —
Ajn Sugar prefd..J14H Atchison 4s 101
Bell Telephone, .... 156 Mining Shares—
Boston & Albany.. 248 Adventure 7tt
Boston Elevated.'. .156 Allouez Mln Co.... V/%
Boston & Maine.. .195% Amalg Copper 92>,4
Chgo, Bur & Q 13S*» Atlantic 26
Dominion Coal 38 Boston & Mont 827
Dom Ooal prefd. ex Butte & Boston... 34
dlv 108 Calumet & Hecla...81O
Federal Steel 63 Centennial :. 22*4
Fed Steel prefd.... 78% Franklin 15
Fitchburg- prefd ..187% Osoeola - 73
General Electric.mU Parrot 49>4
Gen Eleo prefd 146 Quinoy 167
Ed Elec 111 217 Santa Fe Copper..' 6H
Mexican Central... 14% Tamarack 2S0
Mich Telephone.... 85 Utah Mining 8^4
N E Ga» & Coke... 11 Wlnona 8^
Old Colony 201 Wolverines _. 46
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK, Deo. 17.— Money on call, steady,
at 4®6 per cent: last loan, 4H P«r cent. Prime
mercantile paper, ¦ 4%®5H per oent. Sterling
exchange, weak, with aotual business In bank
era* bills at $4 84U for demand and at $4 80%@
4 80% for sixty days. Posted rates. $4 8104 81^
and $4 85V4- Commercial bills, $4 80®4 SOH- Sli
ver certificates, 64®65c. Bar silver, 64c. Mexi
can dollars. 50M.C Government bonds. Irregu
lar; State bonds, steady; railroad bonds, irreg
ular. •
. London Market.
. NEW YORK, Dec 17.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were fairly active to-day,
but they were more or less affected by a heavy
slump in West Australian mines, which may
lead to severe trouble in the market. Amer
icans were buoyant and, active, closing excited
at the top, although the dealings were still
mainly professional. Favorites were Northern
Pacifies, Atchlsons, Southern and Erie pre
ferred. There vru no initiative here, only im
plicit acceptance of New York tips. New York
sold Anacondas, disheartening operations here,
but to the surprise of every one they bought
Argentines and Brazilians. Th« Bank of Eng
land got £150,000 g-old from South Africa and
lost £180.000 to an unstated destination. Fort
nightly copper statistics show stocks increased
S45 tons and supplies decreased 430 tons.
Atchlson, 44%; Canadian Pacific, 90'4: Union
Pacific preferred, S5t4; Northern Paclflo pre
ferred. S8?4; Grand Trunk, 6?i; Anaconda, 8%;
Rand Mines. CD?*. Bar silver, steady, 29%d per
ounce. Money, 2%@3 per cent. ¦
Condition of the Treasury.
¦WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balance, exclusive of the $150,
000,000 In the division of redemption, shows:
Cash balance. $140,866,229; gold, $99,556,721.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . Dec. F"eb. Mar.
Opening .....i. 5 10T4 .... •
Closing U'10% .... (U'i
nTV PARIS.
Wheat- Dec Mar.- June.
Opening ;...„ .....20 10 2140
Closing 20 15- 2160
Flour —
Opening 26 05 27 35
doting , 26 10 27 35
Notice to Jlariners.
A telegram from* the lighthouse Inspector,
Portland. Or., report* that light vessel No. 70
(Umatllla Reef), went adrift December 15.
-U. SEBREE,
Inspeotor Twelfth Lighthouse District
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Deo. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2V
C00, including 700 Texans. Generally 10@15c
lower, except handy light butchers stock. Good
to prime steers, $5 20@6 10; poor to medium,
$3 65@5 10; selected feeders, $3 60®4 25; mixed
stockei-s, $2 40@3 75; cows, $2 50@4 25; heifers,
$2GO@4 60; canners, $17502 40; bulls, $2 5004 60;
calves, $4@5 60; Texas fed steers, $4@4 80; grass
25@4; bulls, $2 4003 15.
. HOGS— Receipts to-day, 41.000; to-morrow.
So, 000; left over, 6000; opened -a shade lower,
closed weak, S@10c lower; top, $4 97ft. Mixed
and butchers, $4 60@4 97^; good to choice heavy,
U75®4 95; rough heavy, $4 C0@4 70; light, $4 650
4 92H: bulk of- sales, $4 75@4 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 25.0C0. Sheep and lambs,
1&6 30c lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 30®
4 60; fair to choice mixed, $3 60<f3 85; Western
sheep, $3 90.^4 60; Texas sheep,. $2 2503 50; native
lambs. $4 65®4C5; Western steers. $4 7505 60.
New York Metal Market
NEW YORK. Deo. 17.— The week started with
conditions In metals with prices wholly In buy
ers' favor. Advices from London reported a weak
and lower market for a time, closing at £115
15s. The local situation was also depressed,
owing to the heavy shipments from the Straits
and In sympathy with the weakness abroad.
The close was very weak at $26 25. The pre
vailing low rates failed to stimulate demand,
however, and trading was slow. Copper was
dull but about steady, with business of a hand
to-mouth character, at $17 for Lake Superior
and $16 62% for casting copper and electrolytic.
Copper in London closed at £71 Is 4d. Lead
ruled dull and nominally unchanged, both here
and abroad, closing at $4 37% and £16 12s 6d.
respectively. Spelter was also dull at $4 15®
4 20 in the absence of speculation. Domestic
Iron markets remained dull and unchanged," de
spite a further loss abroad. Glasgow closed at
60s 4d and Middlesboro 52s 9d. PIglron war
rants, $9 60® 10 60; Northern foundry, $15@16 60;
Southern foundry. $14 60®14 75, and soft South
ern, $13015 75.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat, on
Saturday, December 15, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat— 61,062,000 bushels; decrease. 412.000
bushels.
Corn— 8,133.000 bushels; decrease, 624,000 bush
els.
Oats— 9,987,000 bushels; decrease, 888,000 bush
els, i
• Rye— 1,290,000 bushels; increase, 6000 bushels.
Barley— 3,482,000 bushels; Increase, 209,000
bushels.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— Consols. 97%. Silver
39%d. French rentes, lOlf 15c Cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California, 30s Cd; oargoes Walla Walla,
2Ss 10%d; English country markets, quiet and
steady; import into U. K., wheat, 265.0CO quar
ters; import into U. K., flour, 239,000 barrels;
wheat and flour on passage to U. K., 2,210.000;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent, 930,000.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 17.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 2&d; wheat in Paris,
steady; flour in Paris, quiet; French country
markets steady; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 13-32d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 17.— WHEAT— Spot, quiet;
No. 1 California. 6s 2M;d; No. 2 red Western
winter, 5s 11',-id; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 2%d.
Futures — Dull; December, nominal; March, 5s
ll%d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new. 4s
2d; American mixed old, 4s 3d. Futures— Quiet;
December, nominal; January, 8s 9%d; March,
Ss Slid.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 1 17.— Clearings, $587.
385; balances, J43.02S. •
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 17.— The wheat market is
steady at unchanged prices. A few sales of
Walla Walla were made to-day at 54@54&c.
TACOMA, Dec. 17.— Wheat 1b Ho higher. Blue
stem. 66V4c; club, 53%c.
WASHINGTON
General Merchandise.
BAGS-San Quentin Bags, J5 83; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
2S%®32He; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags.
*tt<T6ttc for white and 8H0S%c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington, 19 per ton; SouthfJeld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,
$3; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; CanneU $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $13 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
200tt lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered. 6.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.75c: Dry Granulated, 5.S5c; Coniec
ttoners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A. 5.25cr Extra C,
5.15c; Golden C, 6.05c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. . No . orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domtnoa, half-bar
-'els. 8.40c; boxes, 6.65c per lb. . v i;
Receipts of Produce.
DECEMBER. IT.
FOR MONDAY,
Flour, qr ska 45,5001 Alfalfa seed. sks. 48
Wheat, ctls 3.440 Shorts, sks 225
Barley, ctls 17,570 Leather, rolls 21
Oats, ctls 650 Tallow, ctls 421
Bran, sks 2,816 Brandy, gals «,45rt
Corn, ctls 1,120 'Wine. gaU 66.350
Potatoes, sks 9,607 Wool, bales 235
Onions, sks 905 Lime, bbls. 1S2
Bran, sks L913 Hides, No 1.S88
Middlings, sks.... 20 Pelts, bdls 433
Hay, tons 23«;Beans, sks S.36G
Hops, bales 105- »
market was dull: creamery, 15®24cr- dairy, IS©
20c Cheese, quiet, 10%®ll%c. ¦ Eggs, - dull;
freeh, 23Vio. -
®5 40; Pea, *4 2S©4 50; Red Kidney, $3 75®*
per cUj _ . .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 60@2 75; Canary,'
3%c per lb for California and -4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 7%@9%c: Rape, 2H@3c; Hemp, 4@4^4c;
Tlrnothv. 40*He.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green. $2 70
©3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were over 9600 sks. and
the market was easy In consequence. Onions
were steady.
There were free arrivals of Vegetables from
the south.
POTATOES— River Reds. 75c: Burbanks. 35@
65c for River and 90c@U 15 per ctl for Sa
linas and 50c@$i-for Oregon; Sweets,- 40©00c
f °r River and 75090c for Merced.
ONIONS-U 60@l 95 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1©
$1 25 per. ctl. -. ¦ . .
VEGETABLES— Green , Peas. 4<g«c per lb;
String Beans. 8@10c : Cabbage, 90c: Tomatoes,
75c@$l 50 for Los Angeles: Egg Plant. Los An
geles.7®8c per lb; Green Peppers from Loa An
geles, 2@Sc per lb; Dried Peppers, 9@llc; Dried
Okra, 10@15c per lb; Carrots, 25i{J35c per box:
Cucumbers, 75c; Summer Squash. $1@1 25;
Garlic. 4©5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $12@13
per ton;- Mushrooms," 5®15o per lb. • ;
Poidtry and Game.
Arrivals »f Game were over 200 sks, and In
connection . with the damp weather rendered
the market weak.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came In and
sales were made at $4 for Hens, old Roosters
and large Broilers; $4@4 50 for young. Roosters,
$3 50 for Fryers. $3 for small Broilers. $1 for
Pigeons. $2 75 for Squabs, 13o for Turkeys, $2 50
for Geese, $6 50 for. young Ducks and $1 50 for
old Ducks. Another car is expected to-day,
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12c for Gob
blers and 12®13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
14@16c; Geese, per pair. $1 75©2: Goslings, $1 75
J?2; Ducks, $3@4 for old and $4®5 60 for young:
Hens, ?3@4 60; Young Roosters. $3 60@4; Old
Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers, $3 50#4; Broilers,
$3 E0@4 for large and $3(33 25 for small;
Pigeons. $1 per dozen for old and U 75«2 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $128; Mallard. $3®4; Canvas
back, $3@4;. Sprig, J2@2 60; Teal, $125©150;
Widgeon, $1250160; Small Duck. $1; Black
Jack, $150; Gray Geese, $3: White Geese. $1®
1 25; Brant, $1 25®1 60 for small and $1 75@2 for
large: Honkers, $4@4 50; English Snipe. $1 60@
175; Jack Snipe, $1 25; Hare. $1 25; Rabbits,
$160 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves,
60@65c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Increased receipts of Butter and Eggs re
sulted in a decline In both descriptions on the
Dairy Exchange. There were two steamers in
with Butter, end the market is still bare of
outside orders. Cheese was still quoted linn.
Receipts, as reported by the Dairy Exchange,
were 28,200 lbs Butter, 607 cases Eggs and 4600
lbs Cheese.
BVTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 29c; firsts, 26c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 25c; firsts, 28o; seconds, 20c;
store, i
Storage— Creamery extras, 22Hc; firsts, 21c;
seconds^ 20c; dairy extras, 20c.
Pickle— 21c per lb.
—20c per lb.
CHEESE-r-Ffency. full cream, l»c: choice, lie;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13Vic;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch — Selected white, 41c; mixed,
colors. 37V&C per dozen.
California Oathered — Fancy, ; standard,
82Hc; seconds, — .
Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 32Ho; sec-
onds_ .
Storage — California fancy, 30c; standard. :
Eastern, fancy, 30c; standard. ; seconds,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The opening auction sale of Oranges consisted
of the offering of 8 cars. Only fancy Duarto
Navels brought the top quotations, as the rest
of the offerings were more or less green. There
was no demand for 80s, 96s and 112s. The sales
were as follows: Fancy Washington Navels.
$1 25«ff2 55: choice. $1 30@l 85; standard, $1 06®
1 60; seedlings, choice, $1(31 10; fancy Grapa
Fruit, ?115S165.
Other fruits showed no changes worthy of
note.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES — 3C@60c per box for common and
65c®tl for good to choice: Spitzenbergs, 75c@
}1 25; Oregon Spitzenbergs, Jl@l 25; Lady Ap
ples. $1 7oi^3 per box.
PEARS— 33c®$l 75 per box.
PERSIMJrONS— 40®S0c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. $11 50@12: Wlscon-
Bina. $13 50; Cape Cod, $13 E0@14 per barrel;
Coos Bav. 12 B<W2 75 rer box.
STRAWBERRIES— None In.
HAKPREHKIEri— None in.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1(81 60;
Seedlings. $1®1 50: Tangerines, 75c@$l; Jap
anese Mandarins, $1 60<Sl 75: Lemons, 25o$|$l '5
for common and $150^2 50 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit. 75c@$2; Mexican. Limes, $4®
4 60; California Limes, 25ff35c;. Bananas, $1 ZZ'si
2 60. per bunch; Pineapples, $1@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits^ Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c:
W-OOs. 7c: B0-60S. 5Ue: 60-708. 3%c; 70-80s. 3Hc;
80-SOs. 2%c: 90-lOOs, 2V*c; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, Vic premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qulns. >4c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, fi@
8c for Royals and 10@10%c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5® 6c; sun-dried, 3%@4i4<:;
Peacnes, 4@5c for standard, 5@6c for choice
and 6W8~c for fancy: Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, C-@6*4c; unpitted, lffl^c; Nectarines. 5®
5V4c for red and 5H@6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 19C0: Bleached Thompson's fancy, I2o
per lb; choice, lie: standard, 8%c: prime, to;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10V4c per lb: choice 9Hc; standard, 8%?:
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless.
50-lb boxes, 6%c; 4-crown, 7o; London Layers,
2-crown, $160 per box: S-crown, $160; Fancy
Ousters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $S. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7@8o per lb for Ital
ian; Walnuts, No. 1, soft-shell, lie;
No 2 8e; No. 1 hardshell. 10c; No. 2.
",V,c: Almonds. 12@13c for papershell, 9@llo for
FOftshell: Peanuts. B@6c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pecans, ll®13o; Co
coanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 18%@14V4o for bright and 12',4
e-13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7>*<£f8c; light amber, extracted, 6%®7c; dark,
6©SVic per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@28c per lb.
Provisions.
Previous prices are quoted, with a quiet mar
ket.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 1101114c per lb for
heavy. ll%@12c for light medium. 12H@13c for
lieht. 13%<5»c for extra light and 15@15tfc lor
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, liiitft
12c- Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel; extra Mesa,
$13;' Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $16: extra
clear. $19 60: Mess, $17: Smoked sEeef. 13o per
P< LARD— Tierces quoted at «%e per lb for com
pound and 9%o for pure: half-barrels, pure
9V4c- 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. ,10^c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels, Z%<s; three
half-barrels. 8c; one .tierce.. 7%c: two tierces.
7%c- five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co. says:
"The wet salted hide market Is weak and hides
are In less demand, which should be expected
at this time of the year, as hides are not In
good condition and the grubby : season has set
In. • Dry hides have to be shaded %o per lb to
effect ealea, but at that figure the demand con
tinues steady. Salted Horse hides find ready
sale at I advanced prices, but dry " horse hides
are neglected. Deerskins at the present prices
are on a good trading- basis and sell freely.
Goatskins also sell readily. Sheepskins are de
pressed, but sales can be made at prices
quoted."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lo- under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c : medium. 9c ; light. , 8Hc; Cow
hides. 9c for heavy and SHc for light; Stags,
6tfc; Salted Kip. 9V£c; Salted Veal, 9&c; Salted
Call. 10c; Dry Hide*. 16c: culls; 14c; Dry Kip.
16o; Dry Calf. 16®16Ho: culls and brands,
14c; Sbpeppkins. shearllnsrs, 2fWMflc each; ehort
"Wool. 30©50c each; medium, 6J@75c; lonsr "WooL
75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 60@2 73 foi
large and $2 25 for medium, $1 25 for small and
BOc for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for large.
SI 50 for medium, $1 25 for small : and 50c for
colts Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins.
20c Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, BOc; medium, 85c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@*%c per lb; No.
t 3%c ; grease, 2@2%c. •:-.-.
¦WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@lflc; Northern, defective, 13
@14c: Middle County, free, 14@l6c; Middle
County defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 9@10c: Southern Mountain, free, 1
months'. ll@12c: Southern Mountain, defective
1 months', 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno
16017c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb. .;-¦¦;
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6%@8c; do lambs, 8
09c- Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
tree' 10@llc; Southern Mountain, 7V4@8Hc:
Humboldt and Mendocino. 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— 12® 16c per lb. . .-.. ¦ . , " ¦ ¦
San Francisco Meat Market.
LAMB-10®10Ho per lb.
PORK-Llve Hos-b, &%c for small and l%o for
medium and 6>4<S5%c for large; stock Hogs ana
feeder*. 6fl*tfo; dressed Hogs. 7^«8%c.
Prices remain as before, and the tone of "the
market continues firm./
BEEF— 7®Sc for steers and 6®6%c per lb for
cows. ' 'i
VEAL— Large/ 8@9c; small. _9@10c per lb. ¦
:' MUTTON— Wethers. 9@9%c; Ewes, 9c per
pound. - ... .»<
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
THE; STOCK MARKET.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
*
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
On the Product Exchange to-day "the butter
BRAN-
Kes-
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Bid.
I Asked.
Buckhorn '. ;.'.....
Burlington •
California-Standard ............
Caribou
El Dorado
Four Oil Co.. «...
Haniord-Fresno-Kern River....
Home Oil Co.....
Homestake :
Independence .................
Kern Oil Co ......'
Kern River
Lion Oil Co... ;
Monarch of Arizona...
McKittriek
Monte Crlsto
Occidental of West Virginia"
Oil City Petroleum.... ..."
Petroleum Center
Keed Crude Oil Co :...'.!!!
San Francisco & McKittriek"
Ban Joaquin O. •& D. Co..
Shamrock .................
Twenty-eight ....;... .,"*""
Westlak», ............ .......7."'"*
Yukon •.>/>..»».. .x...,,.....**^
400
15
35
60
34
S3
SCO
S3
44
4 13
11 CO
23
10 CO
17 00
: 83
42
40
1 50
63
33 CO
21
SO
1 75
9 37^
100
140
in
61
43
4 10
10 50
22
950
16 00
26
41
140
SO 00
10 i
1 EO
925
60
¦•s*
•25
| Tills
s I Last
U ]
* re -,
¦ Seaso:
<n. | Season.
0.49
IS. 10
! j 2
0.04
6.46
".SO
7.09
) i 9^00
) I 8.67
t'.*2
i HI
S.S2
l:%
f a'.zz
t I Z.25
i 75
. 1.73
! 1 l.KZ
| Tills
s I Last
U ]
* re -,
¦ Seaso:
<n. | Season.
0.49
IS. 10
! j 2
0.04
6.46
".SO
7.09
) i 9^00
) I 8.67
t'.*2
i HI
S.S2
l:%
f a'.zz
t I Z.25
i 75
. 1.73
! 1 l.KZ
Bid.
I Asked.
Buckhorn '. ;.'.....
Burlington •
California-Standard ............
Caribou
El Dorado
Four Oil Co.. «...
Haniord-Fresno-Kern River....
Home Oil Co.....
Homestake :
Independence .................
Kern Oil Co ......'
Kern River
Lion Oil Co... ;
Monarch of Arizona...
McKittriek
Monte Crlsto
Occidental of West Virginia"
Oil City Petroleum.... ..."
Petroleum Center
Keed Crude Oil Co :...'.!!!
San Francisco & McKittriek"
Ban Joaquin O. •& D. Co..
Shamrock .................
Twenty-eight ....;... .,"*""
Westlak», ............ .......7."'"*
Yukon •.>/>..»».. .x...,,.....**^
400
15
35
60
34
S3
SCO
S3
44
4 13
11 CO
23
10 CO
17 00
: 83
42
40
1 50
63
33 CO
21
SO
1 75
9 37^
100
140
in
61
43
4 10
10 50
22
950
16 00
26
41
140
SO 00
10 i
1 EO
925
60
¦•s*
•25
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
tf Steamers leave Broadway
h*. wharf. San Francisco:
' EHw- For Alas Scan Ports — U a. m..
'^~ln5?K r>1 * c - 12> 17> M - 77 - Jaa - u
P^>?»/v*** Change to company'* steamers
i^CfclSnVrfl at Seattle.
•?\5*1 VA4 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fff£*\*2»**+i C), Port Townsamd, Seattle,
J l ** v^55gfS'm Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
and New Whatoom rWasta.) —
""* 11 a. m.. Dec. 11, 17, S3. 27,
Jan. 1 and every fifth day thereafter. Changs
at Seattle for this company's steamers tor
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma, to
N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Cureka. Humboldt Bay — 1 p. nu Doo.
14, W, 24, 29Tjan. 3, and every flftfi day there-
alter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Barw
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redonda (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 «- m-i
Eteamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. tn.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Caya-
cob. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviow,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Huenexne, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angelea) and Newport—
Eteamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.t »t earner
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Saa Joss del
Cabo, JIaratlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas <M?x.)—10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company"*
folders.
The company reserves th« riglrt to en&nga
¦teamen, sailing dates and hours ot sailing
without preview* ri^tii*©.
TICKET OFFICE—4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKTN3 & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San FYane!«co.
1BE 0. R. & fl. CO.
DISPATCH FAST 8TBAMXRS TO
PORTLAND
From_ Spear-streft Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE £!2~Flrst Class Includlnr~BertM
InllC $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Dec 14. 24. Jan. 3
GEO W. ELDER Sails Dec. 13. 29
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
A«OA5!n?i> C 6 /f*A HA;VMl - WU3 *> ""'
oeeanicb.s.io. sssksb
SS. ZEALAXDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. December 18. 1 p. a.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, January 2. 1301. 9 p. ra»
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday, January 4. 4 p. m.
J. D.SPRECKELS & E333. CO., Gsssra! J^sts, 327 Marts! St
Ssn'I Passenger Gt&sa, 643 Kartst St., ~nr h. 7, Paofls St
PANAMA R. R, S K
To HEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ST. PAUL sails December 18,
S. S. BQA30KE sails January 8.
From wharf, foot of Fremont St., at 3 p. nv
Freight and parsensrer offlce, 330 Market rt.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO, calling sf
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, anj
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for Ia-
dia. etc. No cargo received *on board oa day at
sailing. . . k . ..
6S. AMERICA MARU „
..Saturday. December 23. lMt
S3. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 24, 1K1
S3. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 13, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's o£3c«.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
mr Toax. bcdthamptos. kotos. nsA
Btopplns at Cherbourgr. westbouad.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a.nv
St. Louis... Dee. 2Kt*«"oordland Jan. M
New York Jan. 2|Fr1»«land J«a- »
Kensington Jan. 3[Vaderland Jan. M
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. IS Noon.
Westernland ...Dec 2C I Xoordland J*n- 1»
Westernland ...Jan. : Frlesland Jan. 23
Kensington Jan. SiSoutawark Jan. SO
For freight and passage s-PP 1 / *<>
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
tO Montgomery st.. Or any ot lt» agonta.
COMPASNIE SSNIBALX TKAKSiTLAHTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead or <gg3B|
Saturday, from N"" v " m , be v 2 -_i > :>99 T V,*?>7!^ !S^
10 a m from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morfo "street. First-class to Harre. 155 and
"™JJ qeeond-class to Havre, *43 &0 and up-
255d oenfM agency for united
STATES A^DCANADA.83 _Broadway_ (Hudson
buildlnx) New York. J. F. FLGAZI * CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery *v«w«.
Ban Francisco. »^— —^
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEIQL
Steamer "MontleoUa. **
• MOV ' Tues. Wed.. Thars. and Sat. at t:4S
. m ' "i-13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nignQi Frt-
Skvf *1 p in! and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. W; i
iKm! Landing and ofnc*. Mlsstoo-gtreet'DocV
Pier NoTi. Telephone Main IMS. ¦
iU -^gg^»"i""""r'T»"""""' Mi111 — '
AUCTION SALES
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
U and S3 SUTTER STREET.
,. ; • Telephone Main 513L
Cash paid for Furniture. Carpets. Desks and
Merchandise to parties not wishing to wait tot
Auction Returns.
"'BOOKS! BOOKS I BOOKS!
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY, De-
cember 20th, 2l3t and 22d. 1300.
Commencing each day at 11 o'clock a. m..
WE WILL SELL IN OUR SALESROOM by
CATALOGUE the private librarle* o£ two Eng-
lish gentlemen, consisting of 5000 books, finely
bound, and mostly English editions.
NOTE.— This is a collection that very seldom
Is offered at auction. Catalogues now ready
and books on exhibition.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auctioneers.
SPECIAL AUCTION.
On account of removal, premises «x» molS
and building will be torn down, H. M. Black's
carriage factory at the corner of Natoma and
New Montgomery sts., at 11 a. m., Friday, De-
cember n. 1300, we will sell his entire stock of
Carriages, Buggies. Wagons. Machinery. Tools,
* SULLIVAN & DOTLK. Auctioneer*.
Offlce 323 Sixth »t.Well-<Known , Resident of Centerville
Adjudged » Hopelessly , Insane
'and Sent to the Asylum.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.-George P. Hauck,
a wealthy Centerville ranchman, was
RANCHMAN CRAZED BY
SOFTENING OF BRAIN
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Nlta E. Bashaw from LevI Ba
shaw for cruelty, Josephine Estivalleze
from Julius Estivalleze for desertion and
J. E. Jeremy from Theodora Jeremy for
desertion.
Suits for divorce were, filed yesterday by
Emma against Florlan Dittrich for deser
tion, and Eleanor M. against John W.
Hope for failure to provide.
In the Divorce Court.
Xrfirge Number of Friends.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 17.— Funeral services
for the late Henry Sevening were held to
day at 1 o'clock at Masonic Temple, under
the auspices of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215
V. and A. M. The services were 2ed by
Worthy Master C. H. Wever. , Several
Bongs were sung, by the Temple Quartet
of Oakland. Rev. George R. Dodson of
the First Unitarian Church made thu
funeral address. A large number of
friends attended the services and the
floral offerings were many.
The pall-bearers were: ' E. Minor
Smith. J. E. Baker, Peter Kline, Colum
bus Bartlett. John Ellsworth. Joseph F.
Forderer, T. W. Leydecker. J. R. Know
land and F. W". G. Moebus. '
Funeral Services Were' Conducted
Under Masonic Auspices Before
FINAL TBIBTJTES TO -V
LATE HENRY SEVENINQ
Grand Secretary Miss. Laura J. Frakes
has gone, to her .home, Sutter ¦ Creek, to
spend the holidays. The grand president
has appointed Sarah , Osterman of Sans
Soucl Parlor secretary, ad interim. This
lady,' who Is a State organizer, has been
appointed" a special organizer to' start" a
parlor in Mendocino County after the hol
idays.
During the past week Mrs. 'Ema Gett,
grand president, paid official visits to
Las Lomas, La Vespero, Fremont and
Buena Vista parlors and on these visits
she was accompanied by Past Grand
Presidents Mrs. Belle'. W. Conrad, Mrs.
Mary E. Tillman,"Mr8. Lena Hilke Mills,
Lizzie Douglass, Lucie E. Hamersmlth,
Mrs. A. D; Coddinjrton. Eliza D. Keith
and Acting Grand Secretary Sarah Oster
man. At each place visited the grand
president was received with' a most cor
dial fraternal welcome and at each, there
was an exemplification of tho work to
demonstrate the proficiency of the. officers.
In La -Vespero Parlor, where the officers
were all dressed In white, it was particu
larly good and highly commended, as it
was also in all the parlors. There were a
number of speeches for -the good of the
order and a great deal of good feeling
was manifested. In Buena vista Parlor
Mrs. Qenevieve Baker, the grand vice
president, was present Las Lomas Par
lor presented Mrs. Gett a fine souvenir
sliver spoon, s La Vespero Parlor present
ed her a out glass vinegar and oil set and
Fremont and Bueiia \ista parlors gave
her beautiful flowers.
Las: Lomas Parlor, the bright subordi
nate of the ' Mission," had a holly berry
party in Mission. Parlor Hall and a Christ
mas tree. There wag a large number of
young ladles and gentlemen present who
were most delightfully entertained .by tha
several committees. Lou Moller, as Santa
Claus, distributed presents with, a lavish
hand and made everybody happy. Dur
ing the evening, by, way of divertisemen'i,
two little ones, Evelyn Pollard and An
nie Driecoll. gave an exhibition *of fancy
dancing. The following named ¦¦ were • In
charge: Floor director. Miss Julia Mol
ler; assistant floor director, Miss Mattie
Karris; floor committee— Miss Lucy
Relncke, MIbs Rose Smith. Miss Marga
ret Dunn and Miss May Lacy; reception
committee — Mrs., S. P. Daggett. Miss
Kathren: Harmon; Miss Mary Waters,
Mrs. Hattie Ehlert and Mrs.- Lizzie Schro
der. ••; ••,,.-.- '-:¦" ¦ ' •¦¦ {-,'•-¦,;' '•
Native Daughters.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— Mrs. R. P.
Thomas is a candidate for postmistress of
the Assembly.
Rev. George B. Allen, formerly of East
Oakland, Is a candidate for Assembly
chaplain.
John W. Mott of West Oakland will
be a clerk to Assemblyman D. F. Mc-
Wad'-. A. R. Waters of Niles has been
elaNsd «.i5 secretary to State Senator E. K.
Taylor of Alameda.
Some Political Plums.
Cross Society has decided to co-operate
with the San Francisco branch to provide
Christmas gifts for convalescent soldiers,
numbering 725, now ai the Presidio gen
eral hcsp'.tal. The articles recommended
for donation are handkerchiefs, mufflers,
woolen or felt slippers, soap, knives,
matchboxes, tobacco and the like not in
cluded In the army supplies. Good reading
matter is in groat demand.
Arrangements for a Christmas eve ceie
bration are in progress. A tree brightly
decorated and Illuminated with electricity
Is to be installed In the malirhospital dln
ing-rccm. For the convenience of donors
the Oakland society has established head
quarters at the Mutual Benefit Club, 1119
Jefferson street, for the receipt of gifts.
Committee s will be on duty there Weanes 3
day and Thursday from 9 a. m. until o
p. m. to receive donations. /
Oakland Bed Cross Society Appeals
for I>onations to the Presidio
Celebration Flan.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— The Oakland Red
CHRISTMAS CHEER FOB
CONVALESCENT EOLDIEBS
"Here," he said, "Is a big bill for soda
water. ' Was that used for construction
or for operating purposes?"
The witness replied that the soda wa
ter was posted to the construction ac
count and explained that it was used in
resuscitating the small boys who were
sent into the asphalt-covered pipes to
scrape them out. The sun's rays beating
on the pipes generated noxious gases and
the boys had to be hauled out by a rope
attached to one leg and soused with soda
pop to revive them.
Another item attracted the attorney's
suspicious attention. "Arsenic, forty dol
lars," he read. "Was that put into the
water for the consumers?"
The poison. It was explained, was used
to kill gophers and squirrels operating
near the company's dams and reservoirs
The examination was repeatedly inter
rupted by the company's lawyers, who
had to be repeatedly quashed by the
court during the day's proceedings.
President Watkinson was put on the
stand by the city for cross-examination.
It was Judge Hayne's purpose to get his
testimony on the statements furnished
the City Council by the water company.
The admissiblllty of this line of cross
questioning was fiercely assailed by the
company's attorneys. Judge Hayne main
tained that he waa at liberty to put to
the witness questions suggested by the
city's expert on the reports which the
witness had admitted preparing and
which he had testilled were correct. These
reports, he contended, were pertinent to
the statements of Watklnson previously
made regarding the money spent on con
struction in each year. The court decided
to allow the questions. Hayne then went
over the Hems contained in the report
for 1SS6. r
To-day's hearing of the water rate case
was taken up with an attempt to supple
ment from President Watklnson's mem
ory the accounts at hand bearing on the
cost of constructing the company^ plant.
The company first, however, attempted a
little surprise along the same lino by re
calling Expert Kiersted, who was dismiss
ed from the case last- week, and trying
to oiler In evidence some of the docu
ments from which his data were deduced.
Judge Hayne objected to the admission
of the evidence and the court sustained
him.
Oakland WHce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 17.
Attempt of City's Counsel to
Supplement Company's
Reports.
UTILIZE MEMORY
OF WATKINSON
&.SKS FOB MONEY AND
STEALS WHEN BEFUSED
E. Hirschfeld Bobbed of $100 by a
Tramp Who Enters His Store
Late at Night.
BERKELEY. Dec. 1T.-E. Hirschfeld,
who keeps a store at Sixth street and Uni
versity avenue, Wes* Berkeley, was
robbed cf $ino last night by a tramp. At
about 10 o'clock a poorly dressed man
rntered Hirschfeld"s store and asked for
five cents. On being refused he left tho
store.
Later Hirschfeld went into his back
yard, leaving the front of his store open.
<_»n returning he wc'nt around the side
walk and entered the front door. Th»
man he liad refused to give money to was
in the store and started to run. Hf
Codged by Hirschfeld and ran toward
¦ East Berkeley. The. storekeeper gave
chape, but the robber escaped.
Wh«n Hirechfeld returned to his store
he found bis safe open and 1100 gone. He
describes the thief as short and heavy.
with red whiskers and black slouch hat.
H!s clothes were poor and he had every
appearance of being a tramp.
On investigation it was found that a
man answering the description of Hirsch
1 eld's robber had been bepirtng at nearly
all the ctores in West Berkeley. The
peace offlcrrs are on the lookout for the
nan, but have been unable to find him.
RICH UNCLE STANDS
BEADY TO PROTECT HIM
Ban Francisco Woman Says Chris
Carli Swore Falsely to Marry
Her Daughte'r.
OAKLAND. Dec. IT.— Mrs. Annie Lipp
wsket of Pan Francisco applied at the
County Clerk's office to-day for informa
tion regarding the alleged marriage of
her daughter, Annie, to Chris Carll of
San Francisco, en the 27th of last month,
gnyf-g that the girl is only 16 years of age
and that she naa never consented to the
matcn. Finding Carll's sworn statement
on thf record that the girl was IS year*
old. and learning that the couple were
married on the nbove named date, Mrs.
Uppwstet denounced the young man blt
terly. She Fal<i that she would have him
fern to the penitentiary for perjury, and
also Mid that her daughter has already
come home to live, as Carli had no way
to support her.
Meanwhile a champion has come for
ward for the young people in the person
of a rich uncle of the groom. The uncle
sympathize? with the romantic attach
ment and declares that he stands ready
to pp'n<1 BS.000 to prevent the annullment
of 'ho marriuef or the conviction of his
nephew of. fr-lony.
SAYS YOUNG MEN
DO NOT WORSHIP
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— Miss Georgia
W. Pinkham, who In her stage
life Is Lonita Naloi, has Just
passed through a severe operation
for appendicitis at the Fablola
Hospital in this city. Miss Pinkham is
a New Yorker, where her parents and
relatives are wealthy and of high so
cial standing. The young lady desired
to put her dramatic and vocal ability to
some use; she adopted the 6tage as her
profession and Joined the Frank Daniels
Company in the "Ameer." She remained
with the company until it reached Oak
land last week, and was then taken with
a severe attack of this very dangerous
Secretary Jacks Declares
That Materialism Has
Captured Youth.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
i 1118 Broadway, Dec. 17.
"Every thoughtful Christian knows
that it Is true when I say that only 5
per cent of the young men of our country
are Christians. We have 7,000,000 men
under thirty years of age that never
darken the doors of the church from one
year's end to another."
Such was Secretary Noel H. Jacks' re
mark In the course of a farewell address
to the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion. Continuing, he said:
"I find in my own work that the num
ber of young men who profess to believe
in Ingersoll, spiritualism and material
ism *is appalling.
"The census of l%0 reports for our
country a population of 10,000,000 young
men under thirty years of age. These
young men are to shape our politics, give
color to our education and give charac
ter to this great republic. Goethe has
said: 'The destiny of any nation at any
time depends upon the opinions of the
young men who are under twenty-nve
years of age.' If this be true, then young
manhood is occupying a place of supreme
importance. It is also true that in that
fact there is great danger to our land
and to our sacred Institutions."
Secretary Jacks declared that the need
of the age was young men of integrity
and piety, with heart, brain, talent and
genius consecrated to the service of
A public farewell reception to Mr.
Jacks will be held to-morrow evening at
the association r^oms. The affair will
be quite informal.
A banquet In honor of Mr. Jack? was
given this evening at the Hotel Metro
pole by the directors of the Oakland and
of the San Francisco associations.
Secretary Jack* will depart on Wednes
day for Hartford. Conn., where he will
take charge of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association of that city.
SAYS HE WAS A TARGET
TOR TEAKETTLE AND SHOES
Patrick Carlin Explains Why He No
Longer Cares to Support His
Wife.
OAKLAND. T»er. IT.— Patrick Carlin has
made answer to the rharcos Rofie Carlin
Y.as fiU-d in her ruit for maintenance, and
h.p ro::plr>p his denials with a long cross
compHint. Pftt'ng forth many alleged acts
of rrrj'-lty or. trie part of his *pou«e.
Caritn romplalnf that because he denied
having Ftrlcn (39 from his wife Fhe huilcd
a trak^ttle at him and later beat him
with b shoe, likewise he avers that his
wife unj'JFtly arruped him of withholding
£*> ceits a df»y from his W3jtes and using
that In the entertainment of other women.
Carlln also deviates that because of Mrs.
"Carlin's ccn'Jui-t in arousing neighbors at
3 o'clock !r> th«» morning he Kuffered much
njroriv of spirit and was compelled to flee
from the irate woman. He wails that he
has lost his eTnuloymrnt as a laborer with
the Southf rn Pa cine Company, and cannot
now contribute to Mrs. Carlin's support.
Attorney \V. II. I*. Hynes represents Car
lin while Mrs. Carlin's affairs are in the
hands of Attorney Robert Edgar.
POUTICAX PLUM IS
! ? • PLUCKED BY PROWSE
Republican Candidate for Justice of
the Peace /at Haywards Ap
pointed by Supervisors.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day awarded the position of
Justice of the Peace of Haywards to
Charie* Pro wee. who was indorsed by the
Republicans of Eden Township. The ap
pointment was made necessary by the
death of the Incumbent, Joseph Plmental.
Prowse has heretofore held the office of
Town. Recorder of Hay wards. His only
opponent was "William Dale, a Democrat,
who presented a petition from members
of his party indorsing him for the office.
The successful candidate had the backing
of Supervisor" Talcott.
Major Cloman's Appointment.
BERKELEY. Dec. J".— Major Sydney A.
Cloman, -fcho was professor of military
pcience and tactics at Ihe University of
California at the time of the breaking out
<• f the Spanish-American war, has Juft
been appointed to the important office of
inr-pector general of the Department of
MiAdar.ao and Jolo In the Philippines,
with headquarters at Z.imboanga. His
department includes all the islands south
and w<st of Panay. by far the wildest
and most Interesting part of the Philip
pines. He viFits every post in the depart
ment every fow months.
Hard Fight in Forgery Suit.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— The prosecution
in the Barnes forgery case to-day called
Daniel Ames, the handwriting expert,
who testified that Barnes wrote the fic
titious signatures to the insurance poli
cies on which the ?ult was brought.
The defendant is making a stubborn
fight. His claim Is that the alleged for
geries were signed to applications mad-?
out for married men at the request of
their wives, on the "husband don't know"
plan, which he contends is regularly
recognized by all insurance companies.
Was in the Peking Siege.
EERKPZLriY. Deo. 17.-Dr. Anna G!a.<j».
one of tho women who wrnt through the
Fi^pe at Poking, arrived from the Orient
yrM<-rday and Is the shiest of airs. A. H.
Nv-<dham of Allston way. Dr. Glass had
r harge of the women and children 8 hos
pital In the English legation before the
Box*»r uprising. During the siege »ho
nursed the wounded soldiers and snarea
their privations.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— Judge Hall to-« a >'
committed Charles T. Ehert, a machinist
residing at Oolden Gate, to the asylum at
AgnewK. Ehcrt revealed his identity to
the court as the architype of all "hoo
dons." the prophet Jonah— but by a slight
scriptural anachronism believes himself
an intimate friend of the apostle PauL
Insane on Religious Topics.
Unitarian Club Lecture.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 17.— "The Law's Con
trol of Organized Labor and Organized
Capital" will be the subject of an address
which will be delivered by W.H. Jordan
before the Unitarian Club Wednesday
night. There will be several songs by the
Elks' Quartet and solos by Robert Lloyd
and Will M. Ogllvle.
Want Municipal Water.'
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— The Oakland
Single Tax League has adopted resolu
tions-favoring municipal ownership of
water works. . . ,
'- '-V 11 '-:' ". -'• ¦-"•¦- I
BERKELEY, Dec. 17.— President Benja
min Ide Wheeler will represent the
American Philological Association at a
convention of scientists which will be held
In Philadelphia, December 28 and 29.
He will read a paper on "The Causes of
Uniformity in Phonetic Change."
The paper will be heard at a joint ses
sion of the American Philological Asso
ciation, the American Oriental Society,
the Spelling Reform Association, tho
Archaeological Institute of America, the
Society of Biblical Literature and Exe
gesis, the Modern Language Association
and the American Dialect Society. Each
society will have a single representative
address this session, and Dr. Wheeler has
been chosen to represent the first named.
He will also speak at a session of the
Archaeological Institute of America on
the archaeological work now being car
ried on by Mrs. Phebe A. HearRt for the
benefit of the University of California,
Dr. Wheeler to Represent American
Philological Association at Great
Convention of Scientists.
HIGlfc TKIBUTE TO
UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT
trouble. She was removed to the Fabi
ola Hospital, where it was decided that
she would have to undergo an operation,
which was performed to-day success
fully.
Miss Plnkham's relatives in New York
have been much worried over her con
dition, and have ordered that every care
be given to aid in her recovery.
This Illness made It necessary for the
young lady to cancel her contract with
the Frank Daniels Company, and she has
been offered a leading position with the
Alice Nielsen . Company. Miss Plnkham
is possessed of a rich contralto voice and
no mean amount of dramatic talent, and
she expects to join the Alice "Neilsen Com
pany when it arrives in Oakland next
•week If her recovery is sufficiently rapid.
BERKELEY, Dec. 17.— Preliminary ac
tion was taken by the Town Trustees to
njght for the repeal of the present pro
hibition law. An ordinance waa passed
to print providing for. the granting of 11-^
censes for saloons. Vigorous opposition'
was made by the temperance people to
the ordinance. ' The meeting was closed
by the Trustees hurling charges of hypoc
risy and deceit at each other amid great
excitement. ,'. /"y;.>r.
Five hundred Berkeley residents attend
ed the meeting, and nearly three hours
were occupied by different temperance
people addressing the board. The vote at
the close of the discussion was:
Ayes — Staats, Dowd, - HofC and Marston.
Noes— Le Conte, Turner and Frame.
After the vote had been taken Turner
changed from the negative to the aftTkn
atlve and gave notice of reconsideration.
The license ordinance provides for a li
cense of $75 a quarter, an increase of $25
over the last saloon ordinance. To se
cure a license the petitioner must have
the signatures of the five citizens near
est his place of business. A special clause
is introduced which makes It Impossible
to grant licenses to women. Trustee E.
O. Turner opened the discussion against
the new ordinance. He said:
"We cannot afford to go on record as
letting those men run oyer us and defy
our court and our, laws."
"The temperance orfllnance cannot be
enforced." said President W. H. Marston.
"The best case we had was lost last week
and the Jury was only out five minutes."
"Liquor is sold openly. We propose to
settle this matter in a businesslike way,"
said Trustee -Hoff..- ¦ .
Trustee Staats, said: .
"My vote shall be cast the only proper
wnyYo regulate this > evil." _
The 'following people spoke against the
repeal: Mrs. Adelaide Marquand, Mrs. R.
M. Rhodes. J. L. Barker, L. Coryelle,
H Fisher, O. G. May. Charle3 Hadlen
spoke for the repeal. At the close of the
meeting the temperance people : crowded
around Trustee Turner to congratulate
him on the stand he had taken. Presi
dent Marston. after viewing the proceed
ings for some time suddenly exclaimed:
"They are all congratulating you,, but
you are in a business where you don't
dare to express*. your opinions. I am an
independent man. I can vote" according
to my ' convictions." •
"I don't blame Mr. Turner," said Hoff.
"He's a poor business man who Is striv
ing to keep up his end. But he hasn't
any right to be on this board If he can't
vote according to his convictions." .
"I call this gentleman to order," ex
claimed Turner. ' "I demand; protection
from the board." • _,. , „ „
"You are a hypocrite, cried Hoff. "You
said this temperance ¦ ¦ ordinance was a
farce, and now you vote to uphold It.
You have a - legal right on this board,
but morally you; don't belong here."
Trustees Pass to Print Ordi
nance Providing for
Licenses.
SALOON MEN WIN
BERKELEY FIGHT
THE Lindsay exhibit, famous
throughout the State as an expo
sition of the capacity of Tulare
County for growing high grade
citrus fruits, has been located at
the ferry building at the foot of Market
street. Yesterday fifteen hundred lemons
and oranges were attached to a huge de
sign of a centrifugal pump that stanos
seventeen feet high and Is supported by
a table twenty-two feet by twelve feet l*i
dimensions. Coupled with the pump is a
design of an electric motor, which is also
decorated with oranges and lemons. These
designs are the central feature of the ex
hibit, but there is an excellent display of
citrus fruits upon the table. Over tho
whole are the words "Lindsay" and "Tu
iare County,", thus announcing to the
crowds of people who pass by dally the
locality where the fruit grew.
The fruits used In the decoration of the
pump and motor are tangarlnes, lemons,
pomolos and Washington navels, which
First the East Oakland power house
was closed, and turned Into a car house.
Then the power house on Grove street
in Temescal was closed and rented to the
Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company,
which is using It for a power house to
supply Its electric lighting plant for
Berkeley. Now the Alameda power house
has been closed, but the machinery, will
be allowed to remain and It will bemused
as a reserve or emergency plant.
This will cause a great saving In labor,
for one crew at the Piedmont power house
can keep the entire system supplied with
electrical power. Po^r from the Pied
mont plant Is now carried from Berke
ley through Oakland, West Oakland. Ala
meda, Highland Park and out to Leona
Heights.
The Oakland Transit Company Is nego
tiating with the Standard Electric Com
pany for power whtn the latter corpora
tion gets Its plant at the Blue Lakes in
working order. The Standard Electric
Company already has a contract to sup
ply the Oakland Railroad system on San
Pablo and Telegraph avenues, and If It
gets the Oakland Transit Company's lines
It will operate everything in Oakland ex
cept the Haywards line.
Two additional cars have been put on
the Alameda line and other Improvements
are under consideration at the request of
the Oakland Council.
One by one the many different power
stations of the Oakland Transit Company
have been closed. When the Transit Com
pany was formed out of some' eight dif
ferent lines It found Itself with
four different power houses filled with
expensive machinery and as many differ
ent car houses as there were lines that
had been absorbed. This meant the spend
ing of a large amount of money for oper
ation of the different power plants and a
large amount of money for taxes upon
the car houses. Manager Kelly deter
mined that he would consolidate every
thing at the Piedmont power house, this
being the most central and commodious
of the many plants on the company's
hands.
The Oakland Transit Company has
taken the final step in its general scheme
for the concentration of its power plants,
and last night the power house of the
Alameda branch at the West End. Ala
meda, was closed down. From now on
the entire system will be served from the
power house at Piedmont.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 17.
Oakland Transit Company
Shuts Up Three
Stations.
CLOSING DOWN
POWER PLANTS
are worked into various figures. A few
public-spirited men in Tulare County have
shared the expense of the Installing and
maintenance of the exhibit in the ferry
building. The design originated with
Charles J. Carle of Lindsay and was de
veloped by Mrs. W. T. Simms and S. A.
Baggs and wife. When exhibited at the
San Joaquln Citrus Fair at Tulare from
November 28 to December 2 of the present
year It took first and second prizes over
all competitors for "best display of citrus
fruits." \
Thousands or persons will view the ex
hibit daily here. The display Is made pos
sible by the co-operation of the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners and tho
State Board of Trade. There are now 2000
acres planted to citrus fruits in Tulare
County, where there were only wheat
fields eight years ago. The county will
ship out of the State this year 600 car
loads of citrus fruit of as fine quality as
California has ever produced. It Is
claimed that oranges ripen in Tulare
County two weeks to one month earlier
than In otner portions of the State.
YOUNG ACTRESS. WHO. MANY MILES FROM THE HOME OF HER
WEALTHY PARENTS IN NEW YORK. IS JUST RECOVERING FROM
A CAPITAL OPERATION AT FABIOLA HOSPITAL.
HUGE CENTRIFUGAL PUMP. DESIGN FACED WITH CITRUS AND
OTHER FRUITS, THAT NOW STANDS IN THE FERRY BUILDING
NAVE. AN ADVERTISEMENT OF TULARE'S PRODUCTIVENESS.
The police are very anxious to know
who is the owner of a small gold mantel
clock, a gold hunting-case watch, a lot
of shoes and men's underwear, and pock
et knives, tnpether with some other arti
cles cf similar character that had been
sold by Gutting before he was taken Into
custody. Chief Hodgkins said the sus
pected prisoner's explanation about his
possession of the warp? was far from
satisfactory. In fact, the police do not
hesitate to say that they are confident
the property came into h^> hands by un
lawful prof-e«s. It is suspected that the
articles were stolen from a general mer
chandise store not far from this city. If
the property can be traced the detectives
declare they are confident Gutting will
have to face another charge of burglary
without a prospective father-in-law to
come to his rescue.
From latest reports Gutting has not yet
fulfilled his agreement to wed Miss
Brown.
Oakland OfHce Ban Francisco Call,
MR Broadway. Dec. 17.
Charles F. Gutting managed last Wed
nesday to walk out of his prison cell, be
reuse Oscar E. Brown, his sweetheart's
f^t-b^r. was willing to forego a proeecu
•¦•nn for allied burglary upon condition
mat Gutting should wed the daughter, in
•whose company he was found when ar
rested. -
The accusing parent, a West Berkeley
carpenter, aroused Gutting of breaking
' r - to hls shop, stealing a lot of tools and
felling them in San Francisco. The girl
loomed up In the affair so strongly that
after the case reached the Superior Court
evidence upon which Gutting was held for
trial faded away and the District Attor
ney was compelled to ask for a dismissal
of the Information. Judge Greene granted
the motion, but. from the bench, his Hon
or made some caustic observations, and
warned Gutting that another time he
would not fare so well in that court.
Cutting lost no time in getting away
rrom court, but luck seems to have passed
him on the other Fide of the street. This
erternoon Detectives Kyte and Hamerton
were on his trail and he was landed In
the City Prison pending an investigation
regarding a lot of miscellaneous mer
chandise he had been trying to dispose of
about town.
Man Who Was Saved by His
Sweetheart's Father.
With Arrest as a Sus
pected Burglar.
Unsatisfactory Explanation About
Merchandise Causes Detention of
Four Days of Freedom Ends
CHARLES GUTTING
AGAIN IN JAIL
Olympia.
The new bill at the Otympia this week
13 a good one. Hunt's dog circus Is asi
clever an animal act as has been seen In
some time. The Dulcie Sisters m»*> •alt*
a hit, and the programme aa a WB«le ia
excellent.
:' •' ' ' '¦" *
A few years abroad has developed Truly
Shattuck's talent until ihe title they have
given her on the Orpheum bill. "The Em
press of Burlesque," is a fitting one. San
Francisco theater-goers have all seen
Miss Shattuck In years past, and of late
the bits of Intelligence that came from
the East' and the Old World as to her suc
cesses served to Increase the public pleas
ure of anticipation when It was announced,
that she was to appear on the Orpheum
stage. She has met the public expecta
tion and more. Her voice has taken on
the finesse of greater use and cultivation,
and fcer figure, always attractive, has lost
none of its pleasing contour. A pretty
Japanese conceit— the story of love of a
Toklo maiden— brought Miss Shattuck to
the stage and she retired amid -the sincere
applause of the vast audience. She was
picturesquely gowned In . a crimson,
klmona, with bright chrysanthemums in
her hair, looking and acting the part she.
played— the maiden of Toklo. Miss Shat
tuck was even more striking In a blaek
beaded gown on her second appearance,
and later, when she sang the march song
from "El Capitan," robed In scarlet
tights, she received a splendid reception.
Mme. Doria, the operatic soprano, waa
also well received. Her rendition of "The
Palms" was exceedingly Impressive.
Among the comedies of the year Is "Qua
Vadls Upside Down." presented by Al
Shean and Charles L. Warren. Mile.
Christina's monkey circus Is among the
Interesting features on this week's bill,
which is completed by new sketches by
Hal I>avls and Inez Macauley In "Th»
Unexpected." and the Pantxer trio and
specialties by Spenser Kelly and the Har
mony Four and new and interestlngf
scenes on the blograph.
California."
Ben Hendricks and his supporting com
pany are giving good performances of
"Ole Olson" at the California. The old
time Swedish dialect play seems endowed
with perennial life and is attracting aa
large audiences as it did when first it
was put on the boards. Hendrlcka' char
acterization Is too well known to call for
comment and the rest of the company
are well above the average. An attractive
feature Is -the singing of the Swedish
Ladles' Quartet.
Fischer's Concert House.
George Woodthorpe. with CogUl &
Cooper's comedians, defied tradition and
appeared In the title role of "The Widow
O'Brien." at Fischer's Concert House
last /light. Heretofore the well-known
character has always been played by a
man. but Miss Woodthorpe made a dis
tinct hit, and kept an Immense audience
in roars of laughter for three hours.
Georgle Cooper and Hope Mosher. as Mrs.
O'Brien's daughters, were pretty and
pleasing, and the other members In a
long cast were capable. The many Intro
duced songs and specialties were well re
ceived. -¦ *-
Columbia.
Frederick "Warde opened at this theater
last night In "The Duke's Jester."
Orpheum.
Tivoli.
Last night the opening performance of
the Tlvoli's Christmas offering. "Cinder
ella," was given, and a lavishly funny,
bright and pretty, clever little show It Is.
Ferris Hartman is responsible for tha
arrangement of the charming old story,
and, as with anything that the only Fer
ris touches, a highly original "mix-up"
is the result. Perhaps the funniest feat
ure of all is the timely travesty of "Car
men"— "Collar-a-Cannen," In which tho
comedian himself does the Spanish fas
cinator, a la Collamarina. with a simply
gnft-geous humor. Edward Webb sketches
the favorite little tenor Russo in cleverly
comic fashion, and the lengthy RIchardJ
Is an amazing Mlchaela. The performance
was Interlarded freely with references to
"one-night" stands and other hits at tho
Alhambra mishaps of the week and waa
greeted throughout with roars of laugh -
The picturesque side of the show has
been amply taken care of by Oscar L.
Fest and there are ballets galore, new an.l
pretty. A dance of frogs and a dog and cat
hop delighted the children, and two tiny,
real Arabian cream-colored ponies drew
Cinderella's pumpkin chariot across tha
stage in sumptuous fashion.
Cinderella herself. Mls» Mae Hill, mada
her debut last evening as a star and mad.j
a most favorable Impression. Maude Wil
liams is a shapely and handsome Prince
Peerless and Annie Myers has a grateful
part as Dandinl. the valet. The wicked
sisters were splendidlv done by Tom
Greene and Fred Kavanagh. and Maggie
Levy was a good "bad stepmother.
Ferris Hartman's chief part is Buttons,
a Hartman Innovation in the story— and
one wonders "how it never happened be
fore? He has some good songs, very
good, and one or two poor ones. Edwar'l
Webb has the other comedy part as tho
Baron Boozmont, and adds much to th»
fun o£« the show.
"Cinderella" Is certainly booked for a
long run, and Is an ell-round creditable
show. It needs cutting in places, but
went last night with unusual smoothness
for a first-night affair.
'Tis the week before Christmas and aJl
through the town, not a show that's
a-stirring is worth half-a-crown— except
"Madame Butterfly." which i3 now enter
ing upon the" third week of a well-de
served success at the Alcazar. Miss Cros
by has improved considerably upon her
rendition of the first week; in many Places
where she formerly succeeded in attain
ing only odd effects, she now attains ef
fects that are truly pathetic. Mr. Mon
taine and Mr. Scott, as Yamaxlori and ths
American Consul, respectively, are now
thoroughly up In their parts and get a
great deal more out of them than they,Qla
on the first night
The play as & whole is so much superior
to the ordinary run of theatrical attrac
tions" (poor word!) that one Is safe In
recommending it. even to the most fastidi
ous, as well worth seeing once. It. no.
Nothing of this kind can bo said for
the farce, "A Serious Tangle." which
this week precedes "Madame Butterfly.
There is a gleam of originality in the
central motive, according to which the
action Is pushed along and the compli
cations are brought about through the
instrumentality of a character who Is
really ignorant of facts which everybody
else in the play knows. But this gleam is
obscured by the dullness of the treat
ment—much talk, little action and no tell
ing lines.
Mr. Henderson, the new leading man.
who will be favorably remembered for his
excellent acting with Mr. Royle In
"Friends." worked hard at his- part, but
you cannot squeeze juice out of a dry
lemon, and "A Serious Tangle" 13 not
only dry but is also desiccated.
Miss Stockwell had the only tolerabla
woman's part— that of a slavey. But she
never let you feel for a moment that this
was a real slavey; you felt rather that
this was a lady playing a slavey. That
kind of art went out with Madam* Ves
trtr—and is not worth reviving.
I cannot believe, moreover, that Sydney
Grunsy ever wrote "That tangle 1%
stopped." You can no more stop a tangle
, than you can tangle a stop. Mr. Bryant
Is mentioned on the programme as re
sponsible for the stage direction; to him,
therefore, I commend for unmixing this
choicest of mixed metaphors^^
"Madame Butterfly" Con
tinues to Please Appreci
ative Audiences.
— -? ¦ •
Truly Shattuck Is the Star of th©
OTpbeum Bill — "Cinderella"
Scores a Hit at the
BELASCO'S GEM
STILL FLUSHING
AT THE ALCAZAR
Member of Frank Daniels Company, Far From Home,
Undergoes Severe Operation, but Is Recovering.
NEW YORK ACTRESS LIES
A PATIENT AT FABIOL A
TULARE'S CITRUS FRUIT
SHOW IS MAGNIFICENT
Lindsay's Famous Exhibit Is Placed in the Grand
Nave of -Ferry Building.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec. 17.
The Bankers' Association ot the United
States has commenced an investigation
of the recent find by the Oakland police
of Burglar Clarence French's remarkable
collection of electrical implements which
were to be used in an attempt to force
the vault of the California Bank in this
city. Through the medium of the Pinker
ton Detectivo Agency the association has
taken steps to have the discovery of the
tools and all of the evidence surround
ing that extraordinary sAte-cracicing ex
periment transmitted to every bank in
the country with wnich the association
has affiliations, uhis move Is unusual ana
has deeii taken to properly inform linan
clers that they may guard against this
up-to-aaie method of oreaklng into their
strong boxes.
Special attention was called to the
French equipment because of the excel
lent photographic reproductions of the kit
whlcn were rrtade by The Call. Agents
of the Pinkertons began their Inquiries
to-day by making application to Chief of
Police Hodgkins for descriptions of the
tools and wires, together with copies of
the photographs, the negatives of wh'.cn
were made for The Call.
The outnt was complete in every par
ticular for the work which thc» burglar de
signed, namely, to melt by electrical cur
rent the steel covering of the vault. The
tools, wires, etc.. were so handily ar
ranged that electricians who examined
the paraphernalia declared it would have
been successful but for some un
foreseen obstacle. The current for the
carbon point was to have been obtained
from wires connected with an elevator
motor in the Masonic Turjple block, in
which the California Bank is located.
Since the police made public their find
some aditlonal facts have Deen brought to
lieht wlhch indicate hew near to the move
was the bold electrical bucglar. He had
bor«d holes through the partition sep
arating the. bank rooms from the elevator
well and had everything ready to make
his connections.
Electricians estimate that the burglar
could have 'melted down th*> obstructing
steel in twenty minutes and then have
removed the combination lock and freed
the bolts and bars of the massive door.
There is no burglary of that character of
record in the police books of the United
States.- Some time ago the German police
had an experience with the method, which
was successfully operated In a Berlin
bank.
.« . — >
Financiers' Association' Moves to
Have Information Spread Broad
cast About Recent Attempt
to Rob California Sank.
Burglar French's Kit for
Safe-Crackhjg Under
Investigation. / x
BANKERS CHARY,
OF ELECTRICITY
THEs SAX FRAXCISCO X CAL.T^ TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1900.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— Mrs.- Mason' W.
Mather, who Intended to spend the winter
at her residence in this city, has been
called to Plumbago mine. Sierra County,
because of the serious illness of her hut
band.^ganfM|| ¦•.-•¦. -¦
3SI; W. ' Mather Seriously 111.
E. M. Nordberg filed a suit in the' United
States District < Court ' yesterday - against
the American schooner ' Carrie arid Annie
for $499 33 alleged to be due him for wages,
maintenance .- ¦ and ¦•- : transportation -¦ from
Golovin Bay; Alaska, where he ' had ! been
dismissed by the captain of the BChooner.
Suit for Sailor's
Joseph Wilson, who was convicted by a
jury, in Judge Cook's court on the charge
of burglary for, breaking into the stew
ard's cabin on the steamer Apache, was
f-entenced yesterday to ten years In Kol
som Penitentiary. His .companion; John
O'Brien, got. ten years about two weeks
ago. - ' .
Ten Years for Burglary.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— The Oakland
Presbytery has elected the following dele
gates to the General Assembly of the
Presbyterian church, which will be heM
Jn Philadelphia next May: Rev., R. C.
Stone, Rev. G. W. Lyons; alternates. Rev.
F. H. Robinson. Rev. H.,H. Dobbins; lay
delegates, C. E. Cornell, Andrew Jones;
alternates, G. T. Webster, A. J. Young.
Presbytery Elects Delegates.
An attractive programme, Is being pre
sented at the Chutes, including Ahern and
Patrick, in their Irish comedy, singing and
eccentric dancing-, and Hose Lee Tyler,
the Creole nightingale. Other good num
bers ' are the Martinez Spanish dancers :
Ouhama. Japanese juggler and balancer;
A. M. Powers, monologist; Harry "Wal
ton, Chinese, and a series of comic mov
ing pictures.
Chutes.
committed * to.'Agnews , to-day by Judge
Hall "Hauck'wasBent to a, private sanl
tarlunvin Llvermore some. weeks since by
his wife, who had letters of guardianship
issued her on account of the evident' fail-
Ins of her husband's mind. The treatment
at * the ¦- Institution was. unavailing-, and
Hauciv rapidly". lapsed Into hopeless lun
acy.' He has: property -valued; at* $30,000
here and in Pennsylvania," where he has a
brother. >a^wealthy .business man. -
-The - examining .--physicians- ascribe
Hauck's trouble to softening of the brain.
' - "'*WBm8KBE£d
. •
o
11THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, PECEMBER IS, 1900.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
ccrcer Cley; open until S:20 p. m.
800 Htyes street: open until »:S» J>. m.
£2S McAUlrter street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street: epen until 9:30 p. m.
IS41 Mission street; open until 10 p. in.
E2«l Msrket etreet corner Sixteenth; epen
cntil t p. rn.
106 Eleventh street: cpea until t p. m.
:596 Valencia etreet; open until » p. ta.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tsckv streets; open ontil 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 8, R. A. M.. «
w'.il meet THIS .TUESDAT) E\£N- % »\,
JNG. December IS. at 7:30 o'clock. TiJ\
Stated raeetiaR. election of officers and ' *
K. A. Decree. By orfier of the H. I".
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDHN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and •
Tll.-OalM meeting THIS <TITES-^\^
DAY) EVKSINO, -it 7:30 .. c!o. K. )\J\
MaFter Masons cordially Invited. By'T'
order of the W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL I^-xlsre Xo. 1«4. F. and A. •
M — Firet I>f«rree THIS (TUESDAY) -,f\,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Afey/\
A. S. Hi:BBAKD. Secretary. / v
ORIENTAL Encampment No. ST. I. O. JV jft
O F. — Officers aJid members: You are Nf
notified to assemble in Encampment X\.
Kail WEDNESDAY at 9 a, m., to at-^ X
tend the funeral of our late patriarch, R. C
B SCHWARZ. F. W. DERBY. C. P.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204. I. -^Si*«!fc£s>
O. O. F. — Officers in.1 members:
veu are hereby notified to assem- "^gJSMssr-
ble at the lodperoom WEDNES- lvV
DAY MORNING.. 9:30 sharp, to attend the
funeral of cur late brother. R. C. SCHWARZ.
C. R. MACLACHLAN. Rec. Sec.
ilAGNOLIA Lodpe No. 28. I. O. O.
THIS .TUESDAY)
EVENING. ¦iSS*^^
J. T. JONES. N. G. fSM*© 1
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
THE sr.r.uaJ njeetir.g of the stockholders of the
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco, Cal..
«-i'l be held at its banking house, 301 Mont-
iromery et.. San Francisco. Cal., on TUES-
DAY. January S, 1S01. at 3:15 o'clock p. m..
fcr the election of directors to serve for the
er.suSrg year and the transaction of such
r- her business as may come before the meet-
Irp. GEC. GRANT. Cashier.
Sen Franrlyrn. December S. 1900.
AGENTS WANTED.
ROLIClTOIiS OR AGENTS.
Gentlemen or ladles having experience can
make bis mor.ey.
Apply at once between 6 and 12 a. m.
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND CO..
21 Ppear st.
RESIDENT apent to sell line of up to date
petticoats to Jobbers and retailers in San
Fran.-isco and entire Pacific Coast; liberal
commission: ir.ust have Al references. Ad-
dress JOS. CORN. 121 Prince st.. New York.
AGENTS to introduce a new imr>ortea house-
hold necessity of sound commercial value.
Dundee Mfg. Co., room 14, Flood b!dg.. $03
Market st.. S. F.
SOLICITC US wanted; men or women ; good
talar.-b warranted; payable either weekly or
monthly; expenses paid. S!7 Market, rm. €15.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for Blrl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 Eighth et.. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM IIOOF1XG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing;, sidewalks re-
paired: portal. 11E6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOUEET TAYLOR. Scientific Astrol^
prer— Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. tv. KING. 127 Market St.. Cth floor, room C27
— Estttes. damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; s.11 cases; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOTVE. atty at law, S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
TV. DAVIDSON. ST7 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
KRANK 'W". SMITH: mining and probate law
a specialty. Mills bldg., room 3, 4th floor.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bide. Third and
Market sts.; phone Red E2C2.
L. F. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bide-. »*7 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
DATII CABIXETS.
ROBINSON. N:agara. Perfection and others. W.
F. BROWN CO.. agency. 4M Ellis St.. S. F.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN sells the Best bicycles. Columbia,
ppalding. Barnes, Hartford, Monarch. Stor-
rcer. Penr-ar.t. 120 up. 201 Larkin & 1970 Page.
BICYCLES at reduced prices: we are clearing
out cur 1500 models to make room for new
IMl ftock. Yosercite Cycle Works. 1522 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — JmO; CORNER grocery and bar. one block
eouth cf McAllister St.; rent $45; 4H years
lease; Etock will invoice the price; a (rood-
paying; business and established many years.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V> Kearny st.
JL— »4S00: SALOON; estab. 20 years; close to
Chronicle bldg.; Etock will invoice the price;
lease; piece known as one of. the best-paying
rescng la city. Call R. G. TTllke, 26^ Kearny.
J400— CORNER saloon on Darts St.; no Sunday
or r..r:.t Ttork; rent $50: a first -class paying:
rroj>o?i*-io--. Inquire R. O. WILKE. 2Ct4
Kearny st.
JSCj — FOR tale; ealoon. one block north of
Market et. ; under present ownership over a
dozen years; reasonable rent; examine stock;
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A-«-£600; CORNER saloon on Jackson et. ; rent
JtO; k»pt by present owner 7 years: good busi-
ness; clearing (125 per month. R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny st.
A— 1100; BRANCH bakery and stationery; 4 11\>
lr.c rooms; rent fl3; a good business for man
zt.& wife. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26V, Kearny.
A — GROCERT and bar; beet corner location;
cause death. COWING & CO., 71S Market Ft.
A-RESTAURANT; best location; bargain this
day. COWING & CO.. 718 Market «.
A — FINE corner drug- store: clears 1160 month.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A PLUMBING ehop. centrally located; horse.
wagon; eickne*s. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A — SALOON; heart of city; money-maker.
COWING. 71S Market.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand cor-
ner etore and basement with fixtures suit-
able for grocery business; special induce-
ments. Apply SPECK & CO.. 6e7 Market.
A— MAGNIFICENT bargain; grocery and bar;
best corner location, near City Hall, estab-
lished 10 years; a money-maker; rent, $30,
with 4 years' lease and 10 months* insurance
paid on Btock. M. A_ BROOKS. 12 Golden
Gate ave. -
J45O-FRENCU laundry, with all tools neces-
sary; doing fine business. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
FOR SALE— A rare chance; a few Transvaal
Krtiuer sovereigns and balf-sovereirns; would
make nice brooches or any other design of
jeweiry for Christmas presents; also a file
cf Johannesburg Standard & Diggers News,
«riviag particulars of war— Boers vs. English.
405 Minna mt. •
CORNER grocery and bar; well stocked; 4
living room?; rent. f25. Apply at Call Office,
ETORE with living rooms; suited for bakery
and notions; low rent. 1209 De\-lsadero st.
FOR sale — Stationery and candy store; down-
town location; no agents. Box 7SS. Call.
BOOT and shoe business; established over 2S
years. 4 Summer at., off Montgomery-
BAKERY— Beet location in city; good store.
buFir.ess. Address Call. Box 282L
|400— RESTAURANT and saloon; good business;
cheap rent; must sell. £37 Mission st.
BARBERS, attention — 4-chair barber shop on
Market St.; frood location; first-class fixtures;
eellinz account going East. Apply HALEY
& CO., room 1C3, Murphy building.
COUNTRY peddling business; dry ettods. etc;
vacon and team: established 9 years; bic
money; owner retiringr rich; healthy occupa-
tion. Room 154. 321 Ellis St. '
PARTNER wanted— JJtOO down, balance pay-
ments; in legitimate business: net !2C0 month
each; '-an be increased. Box 3901. Call office.
%Vf— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
tion perfect; cigars, stationery, notions. Wait-
ing room. I3d-ave. station. East Oakland.
ELEGANTLY fitted up candy and ice cream
store, with a complete factory for manufac-
turing. Apply room 402, Call office.
f20 WINS $200 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
15c RESTAURANT; good location; fine living
for two; reasonable. Box SS1S. Call office.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar on account of
death. 423 Third et., corner Perry.
roil SALE— A eood paring fruit and vegetable
business. Call at 212 Gougb St.
J BL'SIXESS CHAXCES— COSTIMED.
A— PLAY THE RACES— f
~j to SO per cent profit monthly on our new
Ej-etem; call and investigate. N. 8. HAND & -
CO.. expert handicappers, eult 12, 34 Kearny.
PRINTING office for sale; bargain to start ;
cheap. Box 263L Call office.
$400 — GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; lo-
cation perfect; cigars, stationery, notions.
Waiting room, Twenty-third ave. station,
East Oakland. ' .-«• v-
CORNER grocery store for rent. IK: formerly
$60; big city, country trade. LAYMANCE,
480 Eighth st.. Oakland. <¦¦¦
$1000-GROCERY and bar; rent |80 for store
and 6 rooms upstairs: lease if desired. WICH-
MAX, LUTOKN & CO.. 318 Clay St.
J50O— PARTNER wanted In well-paying restau-
rant. Particulars inquire at 1067 Market, up-
etairs. In photo gallery: agents avoided.
$400— CORNER grocery and. bar; good business;
large stock; fine fixtures; cause eickness. Ad-
dress box 7S9. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale, with lease; good pay-
1 ing business; cafe, cash register, etc.; open
for inspection. 135 Ellis st.
A SNAP— $100— Milk depot, bakery and delicacy
etore. Box 390J, Call office. • ;- >. .;.¦¦¦ \;x.._
FOR sale— Small restaurant; reasonable; two
living-rooms. Box TS2, this office.
1
j fSCO— STATIONERY, clean stock and fixtures; j
I good holiday trade. Address box £52, Call.
I CANDY, ice cream, cigar and stationery store;
\ laundry office. C03 Post. cr. Taylor; no agents..
j FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale; on account of
! death; $1800. Call 222 Fell st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -¦.¦•-. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
I receive." at Call hrnir-h nfflce. 2200 Ftllnv>r» *t.
i T~— "~"—~''^^^~^~"'- ~"^~~*~ ~*~ T5
loogi\<;-hoi:si-:.s foii sale.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
11 rooms... $200, 29 rooms.. $900 85 rooms.. SCCOO j
11 rooms... 400'20 rooms.. 12C0 75 rooms.. 4000 I
12 rooms... 6Q0J24 rooms.. 1400 6S rooms.. 4500
I 13 rooms... 350j26 rooms.. 1600 63 rooms.. 3500
i 12 rooms... 500:36 rocms.. 1800 62 rooms.. 3000
' 14 rooms... 350:30 rooms.. 2400 60 rooms.. 7000
j 17 rooms... 350;34 rooms.. 2650 50 rooms.. 3200
16 rooms... 800,27 rooms.. 2750 100 rooms.. 1500
18 rooms... 600|30 rooms.. 2500 50 rooms.. 7000
; IS rooms... 475j40 rooms.. 3C00 60 rooms.. 5000
19 rooms... 700:40 rooms.. 4000i G4 rooms.. 2000
17 rooms... 9O0J43 rooms.. 3o00| 46 rooms.. 6000
, MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, 1H p. c. ;
anything you want in lodging-houses; s'mples:
37 rooms; on Powell st.j'rent $175; price.. $1900
14 rooms; on Leaven wtTth; rent $125: price 1200 j
J6 rooms; en sunny Fiue; rent $25; price.. 750 j
7 rooms; on Geary St.. rent $40: price.... 450
12 rooms; O'Farrell st ; rent $50; price... 550 ;
6 rooms; Turk St.: rent $27; price 300 j
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 916 Market Bt.; phone Black 5215. "
66 ROOMS 66 ROOMS
Cheap Rent — Corner.
Price $2400. Price $2400.
For sale only by WINSTON & CO.. 1C26 Market.
20 ROOMS 20 ROOMS
Rent ?50; water free
North of Market; business street
Price $1200. WINSTON & CO.. 102S Market.
! A-K-ROOM house; central 11000 j
j 2C-room house; first class 1150
11-room house; $475: 6-room flat 325
I 20-room house; Eddy; rent $75; only 900 J
! FISHER & CO.. 1C3Z Market st. j
• SNAP— 11 rocms. furnished; clears $25 per mo. : i
j only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
! €0 ROOMS; rent $150 $2200
12 rooms; nicely furnished 900
100 rooms; e'epant furniture 6000
¦\Vill loan from $100 up at l^j per cent.
DAVIS & RIVES, r. 69. 916 Mkt. st. i
j LARGEST list lodging houses; good bargains; j
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD, |
rms. 1-2. 917 Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
1 17 ROOMS: all occupied: central: bargain; $S50. i
DONNELLY CO.. C32 Market st.
$1100—60 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rented: low pent. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$150 — BARGAIN; 14-room lodging-house; fur-
nished. Apply 433 Dupont st.
CHEAPEST end beet in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
CARRIAGES A.\D WAGONS.
COLUMBUJTbUGGY CO., clearance sale: low- j
wheel, rubber-tire road wagon, $S0; other i
: styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents, irarkt. nr. 9th., opp. St. Nlch.
BUSINESS buggy and harness for sale cheap.
! 22 Hayes st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission. |
I NEW & M-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world renowned splrit-
' ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
, cults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty: clre. Sun., Wed.. Frl.ev's:
come and be convinced. Permanently located
613 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
j THE well-known medium. MISS CHURCHILL.
I from St. Paul, is here; spiritual readings on
i all affairs of life; answers all questions; also
j by mail; price JL 1035 Market St., suite 15.
j MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test! business me-
' dlum and life reader; also medical clalrvoy-
j ant: treats all diseases at office or by letter;
Elttlngs, Jl. 11C4 O'Farrell st.; take Ellis car.
i JUST arrived from St. Paul. Miss Churchill,
' spiritual medium; gives past, present and fu-
! ture through your spirit guides. 1035 Market.
S MRS. MARY EVANS' circle to-day. 2 and 8, j
j 10c; ever}' night except Thursday. 10S Sixth st.
EARLE, 305 Taylor st., corner Ellis— /tUngs
i daily; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Tyirsday.
| MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
i healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
; MRS. KOTTER'B circle to-night, ldc; sittings"
l dally; ladles 50c; gents «. 34 Sixth St.. r. 15. j
' MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-nijrht, also Wed.;
j spirit messages, 10c; readings 60c, $1. 148 6th.
j MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night
¦ 605 McAllister St.; 10c; come, skeptics.
i C. Mayo-Steers. 112% Oak. trance medium;
| readings. $1; hours. 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 527.
! ELSIE Reynolds, removed to 330 Ellis st. Ma-
; terializing seance Friday evening; 50 cents.
j FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
i Meyer, slttlntrs: convincing tests to-nlpht: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
' MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
j medium, is permanently located at 1206 Market
j *t., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
I 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
| anteed by mail. Send stamp for pamphlet
i with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
: MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
¦ reader, born with double veil— second sight;
! diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles GOc,
1 gects $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
j MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
| given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
; anteed: 25c ud. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
¦ IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
[ nalmist. permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
! 6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. rn.
! MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
! dlum; 2»c up. 823 Mission et., nr. 4th; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh Et.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25e. 148 Sixth st, room, 14.
MME. SYBILLE. 914 O'Farrell: reads life; fu-
ture husband's photo; S to 12 a. m. : ladies 25o.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. HELMUTH, card reader, astrologist—
Ladles. 25c: German spoken. 938 Mission st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. ECHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
elttlngs dally. 448% Jessie st
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st. . rooms 8-10.
2JME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 853-357 Tehama St. : tel. South id
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovatefl, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
Ic yd; laying a epeclalty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Se per yard' laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie S44.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; teL Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chli-
blalns; painless cure.. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 827 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. "
$10— COTTAGE; rear; 4 rooms and attic: gar-
den; water free. 1121% Filbert at.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Milliner* School;
patterns cut ; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
iDg, pinking. 121 Post/ever O'Connor & Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices; dresses
made-over; perfect fit. 387 Geary »t.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTlRO^DENTXL^CLrNlcTloTllar^
ket «t.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; plates,
SE, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and .fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 yeare' ex-
" perlence; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest, and guaranteed; lady attendants.
Pit. GEORGE W. LBEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
*nade: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per sot; extracting, 50c; gas given. ,
THE New York Dentists have moved to 36?
Mission st.. cor. Sixth. ¦ Consult us on crowns
ar.d bridges; difficult 'plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. 50c.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market
st. ; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
- A. L. SIMPSON. P. P. &
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1541 Polk st. _•
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag*cy, 426 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHElC3TARSirColiege, ParrotTBidgT—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and n'.ght sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and 'evening; individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College has positions
guaranteed to it by written contract, and can
therefore with confidence guarantee positions
to all its graduates. 3G5 Larkin st.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand- Academy;
lessons- by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 230 Parrott bid.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year sot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
PIANO, hist, of music; Fr. and Gr. MME.
PRILL, Y. M. C. A. bldg.. Dth floor.
VISITING governess; English branches, piano
and bookkeeping; 50c a lesson. Box 747, Call.
MUNSCN, School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish, 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
B. J. APPLEBY, banjo, mandolin and guitar.
408C McAllister st,; phone Folsom 2071.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A.McNelll.Mgr.,r. 31. Flood
bldg.; high school, irrammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
**tc. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Poet st.; near Powell; telephone Bush 125.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. : est.
1S70. 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. Hamada.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2001.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main B1SS.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help.426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Bcyt help. 41m O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
GERMAN girl wants general housework or up-
stairs work. 331 Fourth St., between Harrison
and Folsom.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, refined and
trustworthy, desires position as housekeeper
or cook on ranch; good reference. MRS. M.
LISTON. station M, Richmond District.
REFINED lady. 32, wants position as lady's
companion, nurse or reader to elderly person;
good home rather than salary. E. F., Call
office, Alameda.
YOUNG lady to ' act ae. first-class saleslady.
Address box 3823, Call office. /
RELIABLE woman, good American cook,
wants situation. Box 3925. ',
WANTED — Position as wet nurse by healthy
woman with fresh breast of milk. 116 Sixth
St., room 7.
A YOUNG woman wishes work by the day,
washing, ironing or house-cleaning. Box 3327,
Call ofllce. »
YOUNG woman wishes situation; wages $7 a
week. Box 2920. Call.
YOUNG lady desires permanent situation in
this city; willing to give light service for
room and board; Is neat and refined, but lost
her hearing. Box 782, Call ofllce.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter: go out by the day; make a
suit in one day. 1532 Folk st.
DANISH woman, experienced laundress, wishes
work by the day In private family. MRS.
NELSON. 108 William st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 50 to tt
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
EJIPLOYMBST WASTED MALE.
WANTED— A position as barkeeper by a re-
spectable, sober single man; German; good
recommendations. Barkeeper, 831 Kearny st.,
room 84.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position, hotel or
restaurant; first-class oity references. Ad-
dress PETERSON; 615 Larkin st.
STEADY, sober, married man desires position
as night watchman; references. Box 3329, Call.
AN all-around cook wants work In mining
town. Box 8930, Call office. ' ¦•¦.:; >;.¦¦¦¦
EXPERIENCED nurse and attendant wants
position with invalid gentleman mentally or
physically afflicted: willing to make himself
generally useful. HENRY FICHTNER, 1009
Mission st.
YOUNG man would like any. kind employment
during evening hours. Box 3928, Call office.
STEADY, temperate man wants work as chore-
man in private family or Institution; city or
country; understands care of horses, cows,
chickens, woodcutting, etc. : recommendations
Box 3926. Call office. - ¦ - . »
MIDDLE-AGED, sober man, pood address,
wishes situation as night clerk, night watch-
man, elevator man or companion to invalid;
light work, light wages. Address P. C H.,
641 Commercial gt.. city. . ¦ • • ¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED young man desires a position
as assistant engineer or fireman, In mines
preferred. Box 769, .Call office. • .
AN experienced ¦ nurse " wishes situation; good
reference. Address T. SHEEHEY, 144 Juniper.
AN active man geeks position of trust; general
experience; ref. AL; Box 771, Call office.
¦SITUATION wanted by a first-class baker on
», bread - or as foreman or • second - hand. Box
784, Call office. -¦
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other office work;
• security given if wanted. A. B. box 722. Call.
A JAP wants a sleeping room;; will do work in
the morning as payment. J. KAUAMITOR,
2000 Bush , st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
vubecrlptions has been • established at Mi
Valencia st.
FARMS, AND RANCHES TO LEASE.
HOUSE . with ' largo grounds for garden 1 in or
as . near city as possible. Address box 2045,
Call office. Oakland. - , <
PLATS TO LET.
A— SUNNY 6 rooms, bath, dreeser; $1*. 13U
Green »t.. near Polk.
A SUNNY flat, partly furnished; 5 rooms, 5
closets, bath and gas; reason. 223 Valencia st.
BEAVER, 22— Sunny flat of three rooms.
ELGIN; PARK. 3S, Thirteenth »t.. above Va-
ler.cia— 4 sunny rooms; laundry; partly fur-
nisaed.
FEW steps from City Hall; fine flat, 6 rooms
and bath, io Grove st. ,
FLAT 6 rooms, $22 50; 5 rooms, $20. 609 and
6C9& Grove at., near Laguna.
HARRISON, 1122B— 6-room flat; modern lm-
provements; must be seen;. to be appreciated.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. Ht Montgomery.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Vlctor»st.\ off Bryant, bet.
«tn and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 94J. Bryant.
EL^GAXTLY furnished flat to let; reasonable;
Z Kappeln- court, oft Mason st.. near Pos-..
_Apply Racine saloon. S01 Post st. -
fl!UXITPRE : FOR SALE.
FURNISHED flat for"eale: cheap. Inquire 633
Oeary at., between 10 and 12 a. m. ' ; .
SINGLE and double bedroom sets for sale. 1L29
Howard st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $4S 40. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. UB5 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for turn., carpets, etc.,
see W. E. CODY, 7S7 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
*
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel.Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses boucht: spot cas!».
HELP "WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... .....'Phone Grant 185
j HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Woodland; chambermaid, same
place, $20 each, see party here; waitress,
Marysvllle, $20, see party here; 2 waitresses,
Arizona, free transportation, see party here;
waitress. Gait, $20; waitress, Bakersfield, $20,
fare paid; waitress, Lathrop, $20; chamber-
maid, country. $20; woman cook, $35, small
hotel, see party here, young waitress, same
place, $15, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Very. choice place for housegirl on a ranch,
Martinez, pee party here, $20; houseglrl, 2
In family. $30; cook, Oakland, $30; cook and
second girl, $40: 2 second girls, city, $20;
. young- nurse girl; others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO waitresses, first-class . commercial hotel.
$22.50 and fare paid, see party here 10 a, m.
C. R. HANSEN. & CO.. 104 Geary.
MOTHER and daughter as cook and waitress,
country hotel, $50, see party here 10 a. m.
I; C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED — Neat, competent girl for general
housework; small family. Apply 2634 Howard.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework
and take care of children; small wages. 1525
Ellis st.
WANTED— Tailoress. ROOS BROS.. 25-37
Kearny et.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work; good cook. Apply 154S Page st.
GOOD waitress wanted. 134 Third st.
ENERGETIC ladles to represeot us; salary $15
weekly. 1206 Market st., room 19.
WANTED — A lady and gentlemen to rent a
restaurant, daily receipts from $12 to $16;
cheap rent; 20c meals For particulars apply
to MR. BECK. 646 Folgom st.
GIRL for general housework; must be a good
cook. Call 25 Baker St.; $20.
WANTED Immediately, thoroughly compe-
tent girl; must be a good cook and do down-
stairs work; wages $27 50. 2S35 Bush Bt.
GIRL for second work; no children; wages $10.
1710 Lasuna st.
WANTED— A girl to dip chocolates and bon-
bons. Apply after 10 at 22 Sixth st.
A TAILORE8S on finishing coats wanted at
oCi Fifth St.
WANTED— A good first-class waitress at 304
Mason st. ; wages $7 a week.
WANTED — Elderly German : or American
woman. Apply at 612 Treat ave.. corner
Nineteenth st. ' ,
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists. 560
Valencia et.. ...,.'
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 3- M i Fremont
st. Apply -to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies In toy, ba-
zaar and dry goods departments: also cash-
iers. Apply at- HALE BROS.. Inc.. 979-987
Market St.
WANTED— Young lady to train for nurse; high
school graduate. Apply 11 to 12, 4 to 5, 1609
Jackson st. f.
WANTED — A bright, energetic woman who has
had some experience In traveling. Box 794,
Call office.
WANTED— A lady to assist In housework:
good home, fair pay for right party. ;Call
after 2 p. m. at 116 Taylor st.
FINISHERS on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. E41 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. . • ¦ '
HUIiP WAKTED-MALE. r
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ..Phone Grant 1S5
RAILROAD WORK
Tunnelmen, drillers, muckers for big tunnel,
Chatsworth Park, . Los Angeles County, free
¦ fare.
Teamsters for railroad work, State of Ne-
vada, $2 a day, free fare.
100 tiemakers and woodchoppers for differ-
ent parts of State, good timber, good wages;
wagonmaker, $40; harneesmaker, $30; chore-
man, ranch, $25: fireman, $2 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, hotel, $60; fry cook, S50; 5 more
Italian and French waiters for genteel new
place, ,f 11 a week; • botel .waiters. $30 to SS5;
polisher and starcher, country laundry, $50;
all t around laundry hand, laundry, $40 and
found; polisher, country. $25. •
SUverman, first-class country hotel, $25 and
free fare; 3 colored waiters, flret-class country
hotel. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
8 COLORED waiters, flrst-clasa country hotel,
$26. Apply upstairB office, C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary St. - ¦
A— MURRAY & READT.... Phone Main ES«
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
MINERS PLUMBERS
6 single hand miners $60
Plumber, country shop .,
10 laborers, no experience, city work.. si 78 day
Married dairyman, Humbotdt County
Farmer and wife..........;... Carriage painter
Farm hands, chore boys, etc...
Tiemakers. 9c to 12c. fare paid
Experienced milk wagon driver.. $35 and found
Stableman for a camp ....$30 and found
150 woodchoppers, $1 to $3 per cord, tools and
provisions advanced on some places; young
man, country store. ' MURRAY & READY
634-636 Clay st S ¦• . '
A — COOKS and wives, country, $60; man and
wife, small mine hotel; dishwasher, easy
place, mine, J 20 and found; cooks, $30/ to S50
and. found; waiters, etc. MURRAY &
. READY. 634-836 Clay St. .
A— BOY for this office. MURRAY tt READY,
634-636 Clay st. ; -.
A— WANTED— Experienced milk wagon driver;
$35 and found: references required. W D
-EWER & CO.. 610 Clay. St.
A — WANTED — 10 ax men to get out ties, tools
and grub advanced. 10c and 12c each: 5 wood-
choppers, 4-foot pine and redwood, $1 25 and
60o a cord, tools and grub advanced, for So-
noma County. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
" Clay st. ..
A-l BRICKLAYER, 2 sticker ; hands, a hard
wood bench hands, carpenters and cabinet
makers, r all non-union; no ¦ officte fees. Me-
. chanlcs' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.
room 9. . -jgagtBlSaat**'-
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
free emply. bureau: only recog. union barbers.
lla Turk St.; tel. Folsom 1583. I. Less, . Sect.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union 14S meets
to-night,- 115, Turk st. ; election of officers- $1
tine for non-attendance;. S:30 p. m.
.-¦¦¦-•• I.' LESS/ Secretary. .
BARBERS' Progressive* Union— Free employ-
ment.- H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 151.
WANTED— A second cook at 26 Turk st..' Park
Hotel. : v
ELDERLY ;. man.: Swiss or •» German. ' to <?. do
chores. ,-, Apply bet. 8 and 10 a. m.. 119 Tenth. •
¦WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, : 15c and
' 20c. Boston House, 930 Howard ; st.
WANTED— A cook and waiter, or man and
wife to rent restaurant; > 20c meals;: 'cheap
rent;- dally receipts -$12 'to :J16. . For particu-
lars call on MR, BECK. 646 Folsom st. . --'
HELP WANTED-MAJLE. . .
BOY about 16 to 18 years of age to work to
drug »torc. 809 McAllister st.
DISHWABHgR wanted. 153 Third Bt.
BOY wanted at Union-square Market, etalls
1 and «. -
BARBER wanted, steady work, at 1291 Folsom
Etreet. '
WANTED— An experienced dishwasher at 29
Fourth st. - .
BARBERS— A good paying shop for sale. 200
Powell st. .
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1024 Hyde St.
BARBERS— <3ood S-chalr shop; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st
WANTED— Compositor. 1422 Foteom St., rear.
WANTED— Office boy for wholesale house.
Box 39S4. Call office.
WANTED— Good confectioner. R. ' STEIN, 11SB
Folsom St. • ' •
WANTED— Ornamental brass and iron work-
ers. S. F. Novelty Works, corner Bay and
Stockton FtF.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale. 1344 Turk
St., corner Fillmore.
MAN to do locksmlthing- and electrical repair-
ing. KNOWLES & KENNEDY. 2000 Fillmore
St., corner Pine. . . ¦
WANTED— A buahelman at 2916 Lyon st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25s
to COc. 562 Mission Et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
OLD man as bedmaker, etc., in boarding-
house. 222 Main st. .
BARBERS— Good four-chair shop for bale
cheap. Apply 9C2 Larkin st. '
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; sjffecial
Inducements; catalogue freo. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Experienced salesmen in toy and
dry goods departments; also wrappers. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS., Inc., »79tO87 Market Bt.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741 A Howard St..
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, orcllnnry seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S sul'.s to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
8. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch in height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
Btreet, San Francisco, Cal. •
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1033
Valencia st. .
11E.MOKHHOIDS.
ANY case of Tiles, Piles. Plies, Piles; over 300
permanent cures among business men of San
Francieco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1530. Call.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK* Etc — For Sale
40 . HORSES - for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
6-YEAR-OLD mare, fruit wagon, phaeton, 2
sets single harness; no dealers. 1ZSA Eighth.
~~*' HOUSES TO LET.
A^^IN^ElTL^sTllouiseTTo^le^
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSE of 11 rooms, unfurnished, near Van
Ness ave., $40; furnished. $50; nice and good.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
HOU8E of 7 rooms; very reasonable. Inquire
820% Jessie St., off Ninth.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly : reliable: teaches
hyrnotlgm in five lessons for 85. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAIRS AND TKIUYCLKS.
EOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eamea tricycle
chair. EAMBS Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market «t.
LOST AND FOUND. ~
LOST— An electric seel collarette, high neck,
with several little heads around top of collar;
lined with gray eatin; lost between Oakland
mole, Castro car and 4047 Seventeenth St., San
Francisco, Tuesday night, llth lnst.; reward.
$25 REWARD— Friday night, in Western Addi-
tion, English setter dog;, white with Iemon-
colored spots. Inquire at 1233 O'Farrell st.
LOST— Small pocket dictionary. Market or
Kearny St., containing valuable paper; re-
ward. Winchester HoteL
LOST— Brindle bitch greyhound from 16 Dame
at. Return and receive reward.
LOST— Lady's red purse; between 8utter and
Fulton, on Polk st. ; reward. 2020 Sutter St.
LOST— Gun metal watch: monogram G. P. L.
Please return to LARSON. 602 Powell 8t..
LOST— Sunday evening, from Ocean Boulevard,
a Scotch collie dog; color brown, with white,
streak) down face, broad white collar, white
breast and four feet white. Reward if re-
turned to W. ELVIjN. Ocean Boulevard, or
E. L. BANGS, basement, Chronicle building.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy seed
10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis et
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrS?
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any aliment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 9S7 Market mU. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fall consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN, 100714 Market, expert on dls-
eases of women; IS years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; 15 at office; bave cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladles' spe-
ciallst; safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market st
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 823 Kearny St.; call and see me.
POSITIVE cure for rheumatism: formula sent
upon receipt of $1. Address box 737, Call,
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' specialist; home
fcr patients. £04 Eddy st. ,
DR. NO TOY KF.E cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALii.'
BOILERS. Engines. <d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum; new and- second-hand; we rlwtiya
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
23 complete outfits on one floor, ready made:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission it.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 -lown and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and prio<*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st. ; rentals, new machines, $3 , per month.
A PURE white solitaire' diamond shirt stud
weighing 1 karat for only $76; Is a bargain at
$125. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.- :
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water-pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Bp>ar st.
DIAMOND ring, gypsy setting. 3 diamonds and
. 1 sapphire, cost $120, for $70. Cal. Loan j
Office, 32 Stockton st.
JUST imported, new ; fashion 6-stone diamond,
turquoise rings. ,$30 to $200.. J. T.. Winches*
. ter Hotel. t. ,-.¦;; ¦ j
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont »t
A GRGAT bargain: new $175 sealskin Jacket for !
$80.:, UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
CANARIES; good singers; price $3 'each. $23
.^Cumberland st.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL'KEY-
RER. 206 Clay st. ?
40 H.i P. COMPOUND Kteam engine, complete. '
cheap.- H. S. WHITE. 514-516-513 Mission at.
PORTABLE engines, boilers ; iron and wood
.. planers, lathes ; : 2d-hand. ; J. , Burke, 1S9 Beale. . !
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ami
boilers bought and sold. > KRQGH Mfg. Co. j
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. .216 California st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEIV
MAXX SAFE CO.. 417-433 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns new and' 2d-hand; mor'.ng
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
"WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
"WANTED— To buy a gasoline launch 20 to 30
feet long and engines. 4 to S h. p. Write full
description of boat with price to box 555.
Eureka. Cal.
LADIES' and gents* cast-off clothing bought &
sold. SUverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
"WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L*
WHTTEHEAD. 1710 Market st. ¦
3IOXE Y TO L _° **:
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avotd red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-69 Donohce bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
, Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market et.
ANT amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2* Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
et. ; tel. Main 1644, Branch 19 Third st.
A — $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erala. J. BROWNSTOXE, 11 Montgomery st.
JJOO.OOO TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
Watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount. lowest rates, on furniture, etc:
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned on personal property or pianos
without removal. 1187 Market, bet. 7th & 8th.
CASH loaned on salaries. New Tork plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
3% on .furniture and pianos; 515 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY !oaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtg3; city, country; 6% undl-
vided lnts; estates. HARPER. 897 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott build-
ing ; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confiden-
tial ; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MONEY WANTED.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE offer you better bargains in pianos than
can be obtaiaed elsewhere: a carload of ele-
gant Baumeisters at very low prices. Just re-
ceived; easy payments or cash, as you pre-
fer. MAUVAIS. 763 Market st.
OLYMPIA music boxes make splendid holiday
gifts; we have them as low as $6 and you can
select from a great number of styles and buy
for almost any price you desire; we give more
tunes with each box than any house on the
'coast: payments if you wish. MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.
IF you are looking for a really fine present
select one of our Decker & Son or Packard
pianos; they are simply elegant and have
the finest tone and action imaginable: we
make this a personal invitation for you to
call and inspect our stock; we sell on easy
payments if you wish. MAUVAIS. 769 Mar-
ket st. ,
ANY person having use for a' piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low.
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash anC
$3 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Butter sts.. Ban Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
"AS HOLIDAY GIFTS."
Emerson $33
Sohmer 100
Fisher 150
Chickerlng 18S
SMnway 195
3 new Haynes $235 up I
Heine and Hallet & Davis* grands. $225 to
$975; new pianos, $143. Can be exchanged any
time, in 3 years; $S down. $S per month; rent
allowed; open evenings.
: >\ r; HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A— BYRON MAUZY'B.
Holiday Bargains in Slightly Used Pianos.
Sohmer. nearly new .".... S4V)
Byron Mauzy, nearly new *00
Decker & Son, walnut case 123
Stelnway & Sons 1M
Weber - 125
Bord 6«
30S-310-312 Pest St.. opp. Union Square.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 23,
28 and SO O'Farrell et. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest : every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS, pianos on storage almost given
away; also car fine new pianos stored from
factory: must be sold at once to realize, stor-
age and freight; installments; open evenings.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. K10 Market st
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine large one. $155; num-
ber on time limited: agency Chickerlng. Ma-
son & Hamlln, Voee. Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SOX, 16 O'Farrell St.; open even-
lngs.
ALMOST new upright Stelnway & Sohmer sac-
rificed: greet bargains this month. BRUESN",
!0$ Post st. -ri ,.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano, used « mo. ; leav-
ing city. 419 Van Ness ave.. nr. McAllister.
A NICE upright piano, $90. Room 12. Flood
building: open evenings. *•
THREE-PEDAL upright; nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st. . - ¦
A MANDOLIN, banjo or guitar a nice Christ-
maa gift. Oraeber sells good ones; CM Post.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installment!. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; 8teck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. "W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. »33 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger asre:icy.
BEST rent stock In city: n«w pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st.
8UPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham pl.ice.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The WeeJcty Call, 18
pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A — 410 KEARNY— Sunny offices, en suite or etn-
\ gle, $S upward; gas; heat and Janitor service
-included.
~~ • " .. OIL. '• '
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to suit; will
contract delivery; our oil stock advances to 3c
share Dec. 20. JUANITA OIL CO.. 600 Mont-
gomery St.: agents wanted on commission.
CHOICE oil stock of rising value in the Me-
-Klttrick district for sale. DR. HERBERT
REEVE. 26V4 Kearny st.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. $30 Pine street.
MEMBER- PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
- Country correnoondenre -• solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE. ~~
KERN River Oil Land*— Proven territory in
the well-known tract of. "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or leaae; mo<t
wonderful oil field known; over 630 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
have been In field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
Francisco: 416 Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
Poitttwra Hotel. Bakersfield. -
PALMISTRY.
bTjEROME FOSSELLI. iclentlflc palmist. 513
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; teL Black ML
PATE3T1S AW PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge uales» »u«ce««ful.
OEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSOXAX.3. ¦ _,
OWEX MeCABE, - importer, dealer In f fathers:
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; oM
feathers renovated and purified: all feathers
•old warranted well dressed wlto my patent
¦team renovator. 870 Mission, tel. Jessie 111*.
TO all whom It may concern: My wife. Glulla
Firenae. having left my bed and board with-
out any cause on my part. I hereby give no-
tice that I will not hereafter be responsible
for any debts contracted by her. DOM*j»-
ICO FIREN2E (Signature).
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re-
sldln*- in and near Vancouver. British Co-
lumbia, during the years 1S91 to 1395. and
afterward in California, and was last heard
of In Sonora. Calaveras County. In California,
about June. 1SW. will apply to the undersigned
he will hear of something to his advantage.
WELLS & HIND, Solicitors. Nottingham.
England.
IMPORTANT to photographers— Photoe: of Gen-
eral Dewet and other rrominent Boer gen-
erais for sale. Apply 409 Minna st.
WANTED— Bright beginner, willing to pay
reasonable price for dramatic Instruction, can
have immediate position. Box 777, Call office.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years" experience. J. B. RAY. 3S7 Jessie st.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
I had paralysis and spinal trouble in Its worst
form, but after treating with Mme. Ada six
weeks gained 17 pounds and am nearly well.
I also had a bunch on my right eye. and both
being bloodshot and very weak. The bunch
has entirely gone and both eyes nearly w-. ¦;
and stronger than they have been elnce I was
a boy. K. Arnold. Address at MME. ADA'S
office, 1104 Market St., rooms 3 and 4.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOW3. tel. South 79^
trade to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed;fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packerl for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and r» llth st.
PICTURES and picture frames of all descrip-
tions made to order; portraits enlarged: we
do all kinds of framing. California Frar .• Co..
903 Howard; open evenings; tel. Howard 1073.
A removal sale: a nice cup and saucer free to
every one buying Si or more worth of goods.
MIKOSHI TRADING CO.. 316-323 McAllister.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound; absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. 8. MOORE. 4S3 Geary st.. S. F.
SUITS to order on installments; $13 upward: II
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Sevenoth and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light tn every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms-
25c to Jl 50 per night; SI 50 to S3 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, J2 15. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. mo-1312 Stockton »t.. near Broadway.
FINE salts. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery H.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pin».
DANICHEFF sell holiday glove orders, good far
gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant ave.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wig?:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles: trial free. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutcr.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
lng Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st-
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Us natural color; 11; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
lKlH Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical
operation. DR. J. H. REEVE. 2fiH Kearr.y.
REAL ESTATE -CI^Y FOrt SALE.
REAL. ESTATE BARGAINS.
A. M. SPECK tt ca
HARD TO EEAT HARD TO BEAT
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
*!7oO.
rive Cats; rents. 13; all rented; near 9th st.
$2600.
Four fiats; rents. $4S; downtown.
$6000.
Three choice flats, near Post and Taylor sts.:
pays 10 per cent; 27 feet front; offer wanted.
17300.
Flats: brand ne-w; east of Van Ness ave.;
rents, $72.
$13.730— REDUCED FROM $18.50%
Business property; same tenants for years:
store and rooming-house.
$1650— REDUCED FROM $2230.
Splendid 2-story 7-room house, with stable;
sightly location: one-third cash. .
$7300 INVESTED
Will yield $102 rent monthly above taxes; brand-
new Improvements.
$1S,OCO.
Pine st ; 70-foot front; not far from Jones;
rents $140.
$75, CCO— REDUCED FROM $83,000.
Choice corner lot, 7.5- foot front; within half
a block of Market st ; with old lmproverr.enrs;
rents about $400; the only corner that can be
bought vicinity of Sixth st.
$52.500— REDUCED FROM $60,000.
Grand investment; 100-foot front on Ellis st. :
with Improvements; nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about $3000; terms, half cash.
$S0CO.
Rents $100: 100 feet front; near Taylor st. ;
no chance like tt.
$20,000.
Sutter-st. corner; 87:6x37:8; elegant Improve-
ments; rents $lS00 per annum.
$so. coo.
Forty- four feet front: vicinity of Tlvolt; old
Improvements: rents. $200; block from Market;
will double surely In 19 years.
Grand' corner; new Improvements; under 5
years' lease (guarantee); pays W» per cent.
$ioo,ooa
Market St., near Call; one tenant; pays well.
H90.0CO-REDUCED FROM J225.000.
Market st: 100-foot front; near Palace Hotel;
pays 5 per cent.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
BARGAIN— The last of those fine cottages at
30th and Church sts. : 5 rooms ; all modern Im-
provements and 3-room Cat la lower floor;
small amount cash, balance same as rent; see
owner on premises.
IV you bave property north of the Park and
you with to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
QUNnT 630 California 8l
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. CUXN. 530 California
st.. S. F. Savings Union building.
FOR sale — Modern house; 8 rooms; flrst-clacs
condition: choice part of Castro st; terms
reasonable. Box SCO. Call.
EHOTWELL and Army sts. ; 43x116 and SO feet
wide In rear. Apply on premises.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY Far Sale
CIRCULARS free of htindreds of farms In all
psrts of the State; stock farms, fruit farms,
chicken raacbea. Call at office or wrtta.
MARION GRIFFiy. 719 Market, nr. Call big.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 30C0 ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agenU In city; state what's wanted.
N. P. SICKELB. the Land Agent. « Oeary »t.
FOR tale or rent— Chicken, ho* or stock ranch ;
near coal mine. Room 154. 321 Ellis st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NKW -ottage * rms.. bath; lot BOxlCO: Mission;
rental terms: snd vacant lots. 413 Kearny »:.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
S LOTS for aal* cheap; Telegraph a\;e. an<»
Ashbary »t.. Berkeley. Call at 8S3 HaigM »t.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$230 CASH, $15 monthly; a model home; ne-sr
lH-story house of « rooms; porcelain bath;
plenty of closets: lovely large complete pan,
try; in fact, everything is up to date; the lo»
cation is charming; Al.soil and superb cli-
mate; city water; sewer; about nine minute3"
easy walking from local steam cars; 1 square
from electric car line, and close to a high-
grade public grammar school ; neighborhood
well assured; adjoining East Oakland; price
all told. $1790. Call or send for circular of fine
and cheap, lots, 435 Seventh St.. Oakland
' Broadway station; carriage free. H. z.
JONES, owner.
$77S— FOUR-ROOM cottage with basement; lot
33x100: ten minutes' walk to train; healthy
location: must b« sold: make offer. Ad<1-r*s
-Box 2063. Call ofnee. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list "'from OEO W ATJ**.^
TTN » ro . inos ¦n*m«wr. Oakland. *
OAKLAND PURXIT'JRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from. H. Schellhaa/'tha
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland?A BREAKING BAR KEPT A FLEET OF SHIES 'OUTSIDE- YESTERDAY. SOMEOF THE VESSELS HAVE
BEEN IN SIGHT OF PORT FOR NEARLY A WEEK AND TWO HAVE HAD PILOTS ON BO^RD FOR
FOUR/DAYS.- A RISING BAROMETER GIVES HOPE THE FLEET WILL GET IN BEFORE DAYBREAK
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL. •
Steamer Movements.
hand column and the successive tides of the
5*y In tha order of occurrence as to time or
aay, the third time column gives the laat
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th«
united States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes th« height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from th«
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER «.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tha tides
the early morning tides are given in th« left
8t. Petersburg churches are the most
splendid of any modern churches in the
werld. ' • ' . . . . - •• ¦ - •-
Its Healthy Growth,
It is believed by laymen and profes
sional hairdressers that cutting largely
Increases the growth of the hair. This
belie* begins with the Involuntary com
parison of the hair with a plant. As grass
that la often cut short grows again and
becomes thicker, so, it is believed, the
hair should do when it is cut. This com
parison, however. Is a false one. A devel
oped hair is a perfectly formed mass of
horn which has .nothing further to do
with the case in which the hair rests than
to receive from it from below further
growth and to be. held firmly by . it.
In this mass of horn, as in the nails of
the. fingers and the toes, there is no lon
ger any sap in circulation: this mass, so
to speak, is a product which cannot be
quickened and strengthened by new nour
ishment, because the latter cannot enter
it. On the other hand, what happens in
a blade of grass is totally different. The
blade of grass is a network of fine ducta
in which, is constantly circulating the
nourishment which the blade draws from
the root; It presents, in contrast with the
dead bo«ly of the hair, a living, vegetating
substance which has a most intimate
connection' with the condition of its
root, and which dries up infallibly when
It Is eeparated from its root, while the
hair will remain- unaffected for thousands
of years after its papilla has withered
away. We need cite only one irresistible
proof of this, the hair on the heads of
mummies. • The root of the hair as Ions
as it exists can produce a new hair when
the old hair has fallen out, while the root
of f many a plant gives existence to one
pprout only and then together with it de
clines and dies. The more a hair is dis
turbed in Its natural growth by con
tinually cutting off its ends the less rest
Its papilla, the real producer of the hair,
finds; the papilla, being constantly Incited
to excessive production, wavers finally In
its activity, decays and dies. For thl3
reason a woman with a bald head is never
or seldom Been, as the natural and very
slow process of the growth of a woman's
hair Is not disturbed. The individual hair
reaches a definite length; after years it
falls out' of Itself, and a new hair, begins
to appear as soon as the papilla has nad
time to rest itself thoroughly and to pre
pare for the process of a new growth.
These are the reasons which lead to the
obviously , valid conclusion - that cutting
the hair is rather injurious than usefuL—
Frankfurter Wochemblatt. \,
That Is, Unless You "Want to Check
DON'T CUT ' YOTTR HAIR.
J Bradford, Redwood
L U Johnson, Ky
W H Taylor, Sulsun
J B Smith. Ind.
W H Skelly, Denver
F Smith, Alcatraz
R W GatPS, Chicago
H R Johnson, Mo
G McEnery. Los Gatos
Mrs Woolay, Mendocno
M H Dewey & w. Iowa
H Richardson. Ohio
C Henderson, Chicago
B H Rolf & vr, Willets
F F Frame, Vacavllle
R II Gregory. Sacto
R Kyle & w. S Dak
F B Llbby, Nev
JL Blbley.LamanuaFk
L Mlnlch, Wisconsin
E B Grubb. Mlasourt
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T B Pheby, Oakland
O W Langridge. Stktn
W H FauBt, L Ang
R O Whltlock, Ky
F L Weaver, Spokane
W D Comer, Seattle
\V R Mackenzie. Portl
J T Donnelly, Baker C
H Laughlln. L, Ang
A H Reichlin, t. Ang
A G I-iines, Boston
W G Klerkhoff. L, Ang
F Warde. N>w York
Mies M Warde. N Y
C E Pearsall & w. Cal
Mrs L. L, Baker. RoesV
YV Q Henshaw. Oaklnd
B F Lengle, New York
Mrs L E White, Berkly
F W Baldwin. 6t Almos
IF C Oostello. N Y
H Costello. New York
T R Minturn. Mlnturn
C P Braslau. S Jose
D Malone. O K Knoll
D S Rosenbaum. Stktn
J H Barrett. Mich
L, B Ingalls, 111
E V Stone. Ill
F F Mead & w. N T
C B Frost & w, L Ang
L. I* Rosenthai, Chgo
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND
J W Thornley, Provdno
J ¦ Berryman; -CtA — . —
Dr R C Alexander, Cal
W F Cochrane, Cal
A M Allen. Cal
T L Reed, Reedley
R D Spencer. Chicago
S C Cromwell, Treka
G F Ditzler. BlRgs
F C Williams. Chloo
C S Ruggles, Chgo
J H Read & w, Sacto
A A Graves & w, Wis
O W Belcher. Arizona
J E Bell. Everett
M F Martin. Montague
J McKay & w, L. Ang
J R Foster, Woodland
O B Little. Batavla
E D Crawford. Gllroy
C S Pierce, Fresno
R D Scrlver, L. Ang
L F Puter, Eureka
L P Bransteter, Cal
R D Johnston, Cal
J Balfour &. w, Cal
A L McCray & w, Cal
M K MacRae, Seattle
HOTEI^
Mr* H Brownlnj.Seattl
T O Patron. San Jose
8 P Poland. San*Jose
Mrs M E Smith, Sacto
R E Stearns & w, Cal
Li Whitneld, Cal
J D Hoff. Los An*
O A Dougherty, Cal
D O Germann. Cal I
J MacBain & w, Cal
It Dupont Syle. Cal
it J D Donovan, Cal
V B Lowe, Los 'Ang
H M Ellis, Sacto
tDr A H Sweeney. Cal
vW A Bell. Petaluma
~H B-Mulr, Uklah
W P Thomas, Uklah
A Barnard, Stockton
L L Pulop, Salt Lake
W Geary, Sacto
H CJ Tanner. Cal
F W Krohn, Colo •
G W Stewart. Boston
L Thomas, Cal
O M Bradt, Tennessee
S J Wolff, Sacto
The Arranmore loads wheat for Europe, 42s
6d, prior to arrival; the Diamond Head, mer
chandise for Honolulu ; the s Falls of Clyde,
merchandise for Hllo; the Wayfarer, wheat
for Europe, 42s 6d (Is 8d less direct), prior to
arrival. ' ' _ •
merchandise- for Victoria.
Th« steamship Walla Walla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with the following cargo, valued
at $6029: 8 cs arms and ammunition, 5400 lbs
bran. 6S86 lbs dried fruit, 05 cs canned roods,
10 cs candles, 200 cocoanuta, 4 cs drygoods, 800
Tha dried fruit. 187 bxs fruit, 109 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 8 c-s gramophones, 11 pkga
household roods. 91 cs hardware, 27 era Incu
bators, 22 pkgs machinery, 1083 lbs mlllstuffs,
1614 n>s nuts, 101 bzs oranges, 7 kegs olives,
2&0 bxs paste, 107 bxs 10 pkgs. raisins, 4 bdts
spices, 1194 lbs starch, -260 lbs tobaooo. 28 era
vegetables, 6 cs wine, 23 bdls wire netting, 61
crs wagon material. _
Shipping Intelligence,
ARRIVED.
Monday, December 17.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 20 hours from Eureka,
Stmr . Alcatraz, Carlson. 40 hour* from Port
Los Aneelea,
Br ship Crown of England, Hlrglns, 134 days
from Antwerp, via Flushing 128 days. .
Br ship Ditton, Davis, 73 days from Newcas
tle, NSW. -
Bchr Mary C, 8 hour* from Bodega.
CLEARED.
. . Monday, December IT.
Btmr "Walla "Walla, Hall, Victoria and Puget
Bound; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
NEWS OP THE OCEAUV
Water Front Notes.
There were only two arrivals up to sun
down yesterday. They were the steamers
Pomona and Alcatraz. Several other ves
sels were outside, but would not face the
breaking bar. The schooners James A.
Garfleld and Free Trade both sailed for
Gray's Harbor and the transport Thomas
sailed for Manila, via Honolulu.
The steamships \ Bureka, "Walla Walla,
Czarina and San- Mateo all sailed for
northern ports, while the whaling bark
John and Winthrop salted for the Arctic
A rising barometer told all the shippers
that clear weather .was probable, . so all
hands took the chanceo and went out.
It is now known that it was not the
Kosmos liner Neko that was in collision
with the Crown of Scotland, but the col
lier Washtenaw. The latter was without
a pilot and following the Neko In, mistook
her bearings and crashed into the stern
of the sailing ship. The collier has gone
to sea, but an inquiry will be held on
her return.
The British ship Ben Lee, now out fifty
six days from Santa Rosalia for Puget
Sound, is considered away behind time
by the Insurance men and 25 per cent
is being gambled that she will never reach
P( The Castle Rock is out flfty-two days
from Hongkong for Puget Sound and 15
per cent is being paid on her chances.
The Rathdown Is now out seventy-five
days from Yokohama -for Portland- and
85 per cent is being paid on the chances
that she will never make the Columbia
River. All told, the chances seem to be
that not one-half of Friday's disasters
have been recorded. .
Pomona in Heavy weather.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Pomona, which arrived from Eureka yes
terday, had a hard time on the Humboldt
bar and at one time the passengers
thought she was Agoing down. Doors- of
staterooms were torn from ¦ their hinges,
cabins were flooded, the" forecastle and
"glory hole" were gutted and minor dam
age was done. One big sea struck the
stout little steamer on the starboard quar
ter and nearly burled her. Another swept
the social hall and a few of the passen
gers were hurt, but ' not seriously. 'It
was a record trip for the Pomona, and
those who came down on her do not want
to repeat the experience.
OVERDUE SHIPS BEINSTJRED.
THE storm of last Friday has made
a lot of trouble for shipping 1 . Some
vessels It drove off shore and oth
ers it brought right up to the
Golden Gate, but a breaking bar
prevented their entrance. Some of them
took a tow and came In through, the north
channel, but the majority of the captains
preferred to stand on and off and take
chances on sailing. in.
At sundown yesterday there were In the
offing the British ship Crown of Scot
land, 135 days from Antwerp; the Amer
ican bark Undaunted, 29 days from Co
mox. B. C; the British ship Wayfarer,
151 days from Hamburg; the barkentine
B N Castle and the bark Diamond Head
from Hawaii; the ship Ditton, 80 days
from Newcastle, N. S. W., and another
vessels that is probably the Seafarer, 142
days out from Newcastle, England.
The Crown of Scotland and Wayfarer
both carry a lot of Christmas goods and
the shippers are more than anxious to
see them come in. .; ,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of "the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than' at Fort Point! the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Deo U7— Stmr Colum
bia, from New York, for Genoa and Naples.
Sailed Deo 17— Stmr . Aller. from Genoa and
Naples, for New Tork.
ANTWERP— Arrived Deo 17— 6tmr Noordland.
'LIVERPOOL— Arrived Deo 18— Stmr Etrurla,
from New York. Deo 17— Stmr Saxonla, from
HAOTOftfl- Sailed Deo 15— Stmr Pretoria, for
New York, _ „ _
NEW YORK — Arrived Deo 17-Stmr La
Champagne, from Havre.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander. Ban Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, December 17.
Stmr "Walla "Walla, Hall. Victoria, etc,
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
. Stmr Homer, Donaldson. Eureka.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Wlllapa Harbor.
Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Chemainus.
.Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
.',Stmr Santa Cruz, II Inkle, Amesport.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
U S stmr Thomas, Buford, .Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Whaling bark John and Wlnthrop, Maeomber,
whaling:.
Schr James A Garfleld, Rlsturn. Grays Har
bor. .
Schr Free Trade, Andflndsen, — - *, * •
8chr Fortuna, Luberg, Eureka.
SPOKEN.
rfJPer bktn- Amelia, at Honolulu Dec 7, reports
Nov 14. lat'30 23 N, Ion 135 32 "W, spoke schr
Commerce, from Port Blakeley, for Hongkong;
all well on board.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE, Dec 17— Stmr Dolphin, from Alas
ka, arrived and reports stmr City of Topeka
stranded on . Sullivan Island December 8, at
5 pm, during blinding snow storm. All hands
safely walked ashore and arrived on Dolphin.
LONDON, Dec 17— Ship Geo SkolHeld. pre
viously reported, put Into Nagasaka leaking
badly, but full extent of damage Is at present
unknown. Survey will be held and vessel will
have to discharge.
ASTORIA. Dec 17— Lightship Columbia River
went adrift on the 15th.
TELEGRAPHIC.
' POINT LOBOS. Dec 17. 10 p m-Weather
foggy; wind NE. velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Deo 18— Schr
Expansion, from Santa Rosalia.
.SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, hence Dec 11; schr Fred E Sanders, from
Port Townsend.
Sailed Deo 1G— Stmr John S Kimball. for
Honolulu.
' Sailed Deo 17— Ship Occidental, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA — Sailed Deo 17 — Ship Daahlnr
"Wave, for San -Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Deo 17— Bohr Ida
Schnauer, hence Dec 4.
SAN DrBGO— Arrived Deo 18— Tag L Lucken
bach, henoe Deo 14, for Santa Rosalia.
• Arrived Dec 17— Ger ship Alsterkamp, trom
Antwerp t stmr Iaqua, hence Deo 16.
SANPEDRO— Arrived Dec 17— Bktn Portland,
from Tacoma: stmr Geo Loomls, hence Deo 15.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec IS — Stmr Brunswick.
hence Dec 14,
Arrived Deo 17— Stmr National City, h«nee
Deo 16. J
COOS BAY— Barbound Deo 17— Stmr Empir*.
for San Franelsoo. ' •
ASTORIA— Arrived Deo IS— Stmr Columbia,
hence Deo 14.
EMPIRE CTTT, Or-Arrlved Deo 17— Stmr
South Coast, hence Deo 14..
¦ . . FOREIGN PORTS. -
HASTINGS MILLS— Ready for sea Dec »—
Ger bark Atalanta, for Callao."
VICTORIA— Sailed Deo 3— Br stmr Eti«rgla,
for Yokohama and Hongkong.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Deo 15— Stmr City of
Peking, for San Francisco.
SALINAS CRUZ— Sailed Dec 15— Bark VI- ,
dette, for Port Townsend.
ANTWERP— Sailed Deo 16— G>r stmr Pen
taur. for San Francisco and way ports.
LONDON— Arrived Deo 14— Ship Teoole, from
Port Blakeley.
QUEB.VSTOWN- Arrived Deo 15— Br »hlp
Port Elgin, hence Aug 2.
Sailed Deo 1&— Br ship Harlech Castle, for
TSINTAU— In port Nov 21— Br ship Helga,
for Oregon.
DUBLIN— In port Deo 3 — Br ship Haddon
Hall, for Liverpool.
DBAL-^Passed Deo 11— Qer bark Artemis,
from Newcastle, England, for San Francisco.
CADIZ— Sailed Nov 30— Geri stmr Totmes. for
San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Nov S3— Ger etmr
Herodot, for Hamburg.
IDE SAN FEAKC1SCO CAIi^, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1900.
DETAINED OUTSIDE BY BREAKING BAR
Many Vessels Driven Off Shore and Others Are Standing By,
Awaiting Their Chances to Come In.
Bun rises • "• ~ 7:J0
Bun Beta.'...... *..~.. .......4:63
Moon rises....... , 4:05 a. m.
13
Steamer. I Destination.
Balls.
I Pier.
W. Krueer. |(Jray« Harbor Dec 18. C pm Pier 13
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt Dec. IS, 10 am Pier 2
Argo CoqullleRiv.. Dec 13. 10 am Pier —
City Para.. Pan. & Way.. Dec. 18. 12 m PMS3
Bonlta Newport Dec. 18. 9 am Pier 11
St. faul Panama Dec 18, 2 pm Pier 34
MaiWalay . CoqulUsRlv.. Dec 18. 10 am Pier 2
Hatflor .... Hambg&Way Dec. 18. Pier 27
Arcata Cooa Bay Dec 13, 13 m Pier 13
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec 19/ 9 am Pier 20
Pomona ... Humboldt Dec 19. 2 pm Pier 9
G. W. Elder Portland Dec 19. 11 am Pier 24
Queen San Diego Dec. 19. Sam Pier 11
Kmplre Coos Bay..-.. Dec. 19. 10 am Pier IS
Fulton. Astorla&Ptld Dec 20, 4 pm Pier —
Samoa Humboldt Dec 20, 10 am Pier 2
C. Nelson... Seattle&Taco Dec 21. Pier —
North Fork Humboldt Dec 21, 9 am Pier 8
Corona .... Newport Deo. 21. 9 am Pier 11
Nome City. Seattle, Dec. 11, BpmlPler —
Coptlo |Chlna&Japan|Dec. 22, 1 pmjPMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena,. D«a tX 3 Bin I Pis* *
f B «ka •••• Humboldt Dec. & 9iS ! M«5
Neko Hambg&Way Deo. 2^ ..._(«« \
Steamer.
I
From.
Due.
Nome" City Seattle ...... b!£ j|
Matteawan .... Tacoma 1 fw' \l
Crescent aty.. Crescent City „.."'. Dec' 25
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Dae' 2n
San Bla» Nanalmo.. ........... D^." M
Point Arena... Point Arena ZZZZ d£ m
Eureka Humboldt d«£" %
c . oIo ° Panama & Way Ports... Dec! 21
£'* b urf Grays Harbor Dec 21
Zpalandla Honolulu _ Deo. n
Columbia Portland.. ......71....U SS a
P-'^al -¦- WllUpa HaiW .7... ~ D^" n
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor D^ 21
America Mara. China and Japan Dec. 23
Pomona Humboldt Deo. 23
* Jexl 5° Mexican Ports Dec. 23
Arcata ......... Cbo» Bay..... J>»c ">a
g!"** or J !ct£ S,» * y««»t Sound Dae 23
S"*f£ ~- Saa Diego Dae. 23
Bonlta ....^... Newport Dee. a
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena,. D«a tX 3 Bin I Pis* *
f B «ka •••• Humboldt Dec. & 9iS ! M«5
Neko Hambg&Way Deo. 2^ ..._(«« \
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 3« raceF. ser.t to any address in the
Vnlt*d Ptst<»8 or Canada one year for Jl.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 10%
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. E»0 Flllmora st.
\T ANTED— 4 rooms, complete. Including S
double beds; rent not to exceed C3. Box 33a
Call efflce.
VA> T KESS. 490-3 connecting- well-furn. sunny
rooms: tubs; yard; XE, cor. private entrance.
OAK. 123— Xicely furnished room, complete for
housekeeping, t".
MOSS, IS. off Howard, near Seventh— 2 rooms
furnished oomplete for housekeeping.
HIDE. 1114— 3 unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping; parlor Coor; sun all day: also
3 furnished single rooms.
MARKET, nr. Mason— Lexte sunny front rm..
kitchen, foldlnt: bed, gas. fit Call 313 Kearny.
rHYDE. 43S— Sunnj- : Trout basement suite. $15;
eUao rear basement room, yard, laundry. t!2.
HOWARD. K7— Neatly runny rooma, suitable
for housekeeping or otherwise; rood location.
nooais fob. housekeepixg.
STORAGE \M> WABEBODS1SS.
WIL60X BHOS.. etorace and moving; covered
vnns. Tenth and Market: phone South "€2.
BEKIN'P Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission »t-:
tel Main 1M9: Fhirp'nir «»t cut rates.
RAXLKO AD TBAVEL.
SATT.TtOAP TRAVEL
CALIFOINIA NORTHWESTERN BT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBTTRON FERRY-FOOT 07 3IARSS3 ST.
6»n Francisco to San Rafael.
> VrmCK DATS— T J0, >i00, 11:00 a. m,: UUS, I: JO,
B:10, S;SO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at ll:*>
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtas at 1:W and
ll:S0 r>, a.
6UNDAT&— 8:00. »:J0, 11:00 a. m.; lrfO. *:». 1:00,
S:20 p. in. .
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«a», 1:50, •:». 11:10 a. m.; Ui43,
1:40, 6:1') p. ra. 3aturd»y«— Xxtn trips at 1.43
and (:33 p. m.
BUNDAT3— «:1», 9:40, UlM a. BUI 1:40, 1:40. 1:08.
C:38 D. m.
Between San Frandsoo and Bohntaeo Pajrav
aame tchednle as abort. ..¦-- ¦'..-:'.«-¦ - v ~
Lntt J In Effect I ArrlT*
flan Francisco, f Nor. 7. 1800. I Ban Frandseo.
Week I 8un- I I Bun- 1 Wnk'
Days. I days. | Destination. [ days. | Day*.
lilOam 1:00 am NoTato, 19:40 ami 1:40 as*
8:30 pm 9:S0 am Petaluma. 146 pm 10:35 us
»i!0 pm 6^» pm Baata Rota. Ti36 pcaj t-.ta pn>
Fulton, i
7:10 am 'Windsor, 10:35 ao
Haaldslpirfe
Lytton.
CKeyssrrllle.
t:«0pna 8^0 ain] CloverdaU. [TtJSpm <:O pm
T:JO am] I Copland
I 940 am| and Uklah. TiC pm t:O pa>
7:S0 ami " " |10.-3$ ani
| 8:00 am Gu^rnerille. 1tU pm
l:Wpml *:tajut*
T:Wara) 140 am Sonpm* 1:15 ami t:40an>
aha
BilO pm 8:00 pea Glen Bllen. 146 pm l:Hpa
T:J0am| 8:00 ami |10:4O am 110:15 aoi
8:80 pm| t:O0 pm| Seaaatopol. I T:1S pm| %:J2 pta
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring*: at F"ulton
for Altruria- at Lytton for Lytton Springs*. a>
QeyservlUe for Skagffs Sprlnni: at Cloverdal*
for tha Geysers: at Hoplaad for Duncan
Bprlnss, Highland Bprlncs, Kaisvyvtlla, Carls-
bad Sprinss. 8oda Bay. Laiepcr: and Bartlett
Sprint.; at Uklah for Vichy Sprlnxs Sarator*
Bprlnss. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witte*
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Pottsr Vall»y.
John Day's, Riverside. LlerUy's. BucknaU'a.
Eanhedrtn Heights. Hull-rtlle. Orr-s Hot Springs.
Mendocino City, Fort Bra??. Westport, Usal.
WUUta. Laytonvile. Cummlnta, Bell's Sprinja,
Harris. Olsena, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at ra>
On Sundays, roend-trtp tickets to all potot*
Uyond Ban Rafael at half ratey-
Ticket offlo*. 860 Market at., Chrontcls build*
lni. K, X RYAN,
H. C WHlTljTO. O*n. Paas. A«t. .
Oen. Manaser.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«nry.
Commencing September 30, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAULKT
AND SAN RAFAEL,.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. «9:15. 11:00 a. m.. *1:45
8:15, 4:00, S:15, »i:15. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— *\>r Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SU:a>ATS-*S:00, •lb:C$. »ll:S0 a. m., 1-.VS,
S:15. '4:43. tM, »:C0 p. ra.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAii' RAFAEL. TO SAN PRANCISCXX
WEEK T>ATS— 5:3). *«:S0. 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30,1:45. »3:3(), 4:30, 6:W p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:S0. •8:00. 'lO:^ *U;45 a, m^
•1:40. 1:1&. 4:45. *«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•> start from San. Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISOa
WEEK DAYS-«:45. «:43, 7:». 9:30 a. nx,
1S:J3. 2:10. J:30, 4:54. 5:t0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:30 p. ra.
StJNDATS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15, 3:30,
5:00. €:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIX3.
8:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and. way.
stations.
1:45 p. m. SatuMar*— Tomalea and war
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Toma.'.es and way
stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves Ban Frandsoo, via Sausallto Ferry:
VTEKK. DATS 9:15 a. m. ; 1:45 and 4:00 p. ra.
Et."NDATS.-....8:CO. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:13 p. ra_
7tr«, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
KEW TAVEltN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. 821 Market st. Sausallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 SEAB5T ST. EsUbllshed
In 1*34 for the treatment of Prlvat*
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
il.iease weariniroa body and mind and
Skia Diseases. The Doctor cureswhea
others fall. Try him. Charges low,
« - nr*-« Euaranlrnl. Call or write.
Dr. 4. X*. UlilBUX, Sau franciaco, Cai,
WeeHy C^l $1.00 perYeaiv
RAH/ROAD TBAYEL.
¦ODTHKRN PAVIHC COMFAHT.
(riOII-IO SYSTEM.)
Trains !•»»• ««•<! »r« dn« to ttrrlv* mi
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lxati — From Dxokmbsb L 1900. — aRrxvi
•7sOOa. BenleU. Salsnn, Eltnlr*. V*c»tO1«,
BnmMT and oaoramonto *7>4Sr
•7>O*a Shasta Expreaa—DaTla^WOUama (foe
Bartlett Springs), WiUows, Bed.
Bluff, PortlamL. •?»«»
•7i30 a Martinez, Sid. lUrnon, V»llajo, N»p».
C»liatog»mmia»nta Ro» '«"ll»
•9:OOa D»tU. Woodland, Knights Landing.
M ar JSTille. « )ro»ill *.. *?I«S»
•SiOOa Atlanta lixpreoi— Ogi'.en and East **i48»
•8:00a NUm. Lirennors, Tr»cy, Lathrop,
Stockton nilS*
•SiSOASku Jose, Llrennore, Stockton.
lone. Sacramento, Flseccrille,
MMTtTtlla, Ohkso. Red Bluff Mtlitp
•SiSOa Oakdale, Chinese, Bonore, Garten... Mil dp
•11:00* Harwardt, Nileiand Way 8Utlon«.Mli43»
•SiOOaLo* Angeles Express — Mutinex.
Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton, Mtrced
Fresno and Ikw Angeles TtlSr
•S18OA. V all-Jo, Martins* and Way Stations •» j-t-ir
•I 0:0O a The OTerland Limited— Ogdoo, Den*
ver, Omaha, Chicago f 0i43»
•UsOOa. Ml™, Btookton, Sacramento, Men-
dota, Fresno, Hantotd, Vltalia,
Porterrllle MilS»
•IIiOOa UTertnore, Banger, OoshenT Juso-
tion, Bakersfleld, Lo« Angeles -
fliOOp Bacraraento Kim Steamers 13i00&
•3:«0r Hay wards. Miles and Way Station*. *Si48r
•4«OOp Martinez, flan Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa. Uallatoca. Santa Roaa •VilSa
MiOOr Benicla, Wlnttru, Saeramento,
Woodland. Knights Lauding,
MaryiTllle, Orofllle •?•:«»«
MiHOp Hsyirarda, tittw and Ban Jose tS<«U
•3:00r Nlles, LWemore aod Stockton • 10:43a
pOsOOF Hunaet Umlted, El Paao, Now
Orleans and East. clt>slSA
•3:OO*Tho Owl limited— Traor, Fierao.
Bakersneld, Saogns for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Angeles a l*il8A
•5i00f New Orlean* Express— Dakenfleld,
Bantu Barbara. Los Aneelea. Dem-
Ing, £1 Faao, Hew Orleans aad
Saat *7i«a
•SiOOr HaTwards, Kites aod Sao Jose *7i« *
tOiOOr Vallejo ..,.•! It-Mi
••iQOr Oriental Mail-Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago t. *2s43p
*«i«*r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, Chicago MtlBr
*7s00r Oregon and California UxBreaa,8ao.
rameutn, MarjB?lll«, lUddlng,
Portland, Pitgat Sound aud Kail •«:1.1a
••itOrSan Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and War Station! •! 1 s45*.
t««O3P Vallejo •llrittA
COAST DIVISION (Nnrnm tiange).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
~* a !lSaKewark.OenterTllle,8anJote,Fettoo,
Boulder Creek.Sau t a Orus and Way
Stations HiUr
tail Of Newark, OenterTille, San Joae, Kew
Almaden, Fclton, Boulder Creek,
8anU Orui and Principal Way
Station fl«iS«.
MilSr Newark, Ban Jose, Los Oatos *Ss5*a.
"a9:3Op Banters' Excursion, Baa Joae and
" Way Stations.... 7. &**•*
GREEK ROUTE FERRY.
torn III IIUCISCO— tni "if Mirkit Strati (Ilii I)—
t7il8 t:00 11:00a.*. 1:03 |iO3 B«CJf.h.
rrtaOllUIl— r«il trBreWwij.— f«:00 18:08 t8K)S
10:00A.M. irOO 2:03 4:03 'fcOOr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Oaage).'
(Third and Towmend 8ta)
* 4*i I •& Oeean View. South Han Frandaoo.. 1«iS«i>
*7i«OA San Joie and Way Station* (New
Almaden Wedneidafionly) •llltf
••¦•0* B»n Jose, Trea Ptuoa, Santa Crux,
. Pael&o Oro»«. Puo Robles. Saa
Luis Oblipo, Bnrf. Lompoo and
Principal Way Station* MilsVr
. •l»i€e)» Ran Joe* aod Way Slationa. *«is3a
•HiBOa Ban Jote aud Way Station *8i«0r
tSi4ftr San Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Ban Joaa.
Tres Finos, 8aata Cruz, Salinas.
Monterey and Faolflo Gror« fl«i3«4
fSiBAr San Jose aud War Station. *7i3Or
f4:13r Saa Joeeami Principal Way Station! *S>43a
iStOOr Ban Joie, Los Gatoi and Principal
War Stations... J».0«i
• •SiSftr 8an Jo»e and Principal Way Stations *tiS3a
•Uj:iop 8%u. To«e and Way Station* ?«sO<»a
«ll»45r San Jo»» and Way Stations ,... *7»S»r
A for Morning. P (or Afternoon.
•Dally. t Hunday exeepUd. I Sunday only.
9 Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays.
« Tuesdays. Ttrarsdaya. Sunday i.
.a Saturday onlr.
The California Limited
The Santa Fe new and sumptuous;
train, through to Chicago "
in' 75 hours, begins January 1st.
HENRY J.GALLAGHER CO.,
tSuccesffor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND-EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South bO.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO the next of kin of ANNIE MORGAN, other-
wise MARRON. late of 25 Dunmore St.. Bel-
tBtt, in the county of Antrim, Ireland, widow
(deceased), and more especially FRANCIS
MARRON. JAMES MARRON and JOHN
MARRON. If living. Or their Issue If dead.
Pursuant to an order of the chancery dlvi-
rlcn of the High Court of Justice in Ireland
made In the matter of the estate of the eald
ANNIE MORGAN, otherwise MARROIf (de-
ceased) and in a cause "McCANN v.
CRANNT" mOO. No. 64). the persons claim-
ing to b* next of kin according to the stat-
utes for the distribution of Intestates' estates
of the raid ANNIE MORGAN, otherwise
MARRON, living at the time of her death
In or about the month of December, 189S, or
to be the legal personal representatives of
euch of the eaiil next of kin as are now dead,
•nd more particularly FRANCIS MARRON,
JAMES MARRON and JOHN MARRON.
formerly of Redbay or Cushendall. County
Antrim. Ireland, If living, or their Issue if
\-^ead, ore by their solicitor on or before the
firct day of February. 1WL to come, in and
prove their claims at the chambers of th*
right honorable the vice chancellor at the
Fcur Courts, Dublin. Ireland, or In default
thereof they will be peremptorily excluded
from the benefit of the eald order. Friday,
the *th <iay of February, 1901. at 11 o'clock
In the forenoon, at the said chambers. Is
arpolnted for hearing and adjudicating upon
the claim*. Dated this 16th day of November.
1W0. H. A. COPGRAVE, chief clerk. PETER
MACAfLAT. LL.D.. Bollcitor for plaintiff,
U Upper Ormond cuay. Dublin.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. M (25 cents
per chare) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. 127 Market st.. on and after
Thursday, December 20. 1900. Transfer books
will close on Friday, December 14, WOO, at 1
o'clock p. m. E. H. feHELDON. secretary.
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of 3 per cent on
all deposits fcas been declared by The Califor-
nia Savings and Loan fcfoclety, payable on and
after Friday. December 14. 1900. at the office
of the society, Hi'.le building, 2d floor, room
2S. CHAS. D. FA RQUH ARSON. Secretary.
GEORGE TOUBNT,
DIVIDEND Kctice— The German Savings and
Loan Ejctety. 626 California street. For the
half year cmiSng with December SL 1300, a
dividend bas been declared at the rate of
three and one-quarter (3 1 *) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, fret of taxes, payablo
on and after V, ednesday. January I. 1301.
6AN Francisco Savings Union. E22 California
et., corner Webb. For the half year ending
wi;h the 31st of December. l»oo, a dividend ha»
been i>Uare1 at the rate p»r annum of three
end eix-tenthe (3 6-10) per cent on term de-
rcfits and thr^e <3) per cent on ordinary de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday. January 2. l&oi.
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPE WRITERS— We
e^ll better machines for lefs money than any
boose In the city; rentals, S3. The Typewriter
Exchange, £36 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters: any maki.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery «t.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced ratea. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
If- peg»s. In wrapper, for mailing, Jl per year.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1!<1S Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open e\*en. ; phone I3lack 1XT4. 205 4th.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES-
X3AD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
416 Montgomery Ft.. ror>rr.E 9-10; tel. £550.
CANTA CLAUSES to rent at 26 OFarrell et,
room J: H. ANDERSON.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; saie, reliable; take no other;
send 4e stamps for particulars: "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chiche«ter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
TWO gentlemen want, in house of private
family. 1 sunny nicely furnished sitting room
end 2 bedrooms; without board: In location
above Van 7C?ss ave. and between Broadway
and Sacraniento et. : modern improvements
required. Box SS18. Call.
norms wasted.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1( pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage paid.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubecrlpttons has been established at 1096
Valencia it.
CLASSIFIED ad\-ertlFements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
TVItK. 16 — Nicely rurniFhed front room In pri-
vate family; for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
BUTTER, *4»— Nicely furnished front room;
modern Improvements: suitable for a studio.
6CTTER, 71»— Very choice double parlors,
richly furnished; piano; investigate.
SUTTER. S20VJ— Changed han4«: newly reno-
vated: single rooms. g$; suites. $12 to S25 mo.
ROFEDALE House. Jl? ar.d 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night 50c to (L week ?1 25 to $4; open night.
EHEKMAN Apsrtmert House. 58 Eighth St..
near Market — F^urnished nr unfurnished.
fHIFLET, 6!— Large front room, nicely fum-
i?hffl; reasonable.
OTARRELL, 742— Sur.r.y front bay-window
room; gy. bath, phone: J1S; double room. t».
ROTAL House, 12C Ellis eU— Incandescent light;
reading-room. smoking-i*oom and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. ZZe to Jl 50; week. {2 to
$S; month. JS to 130: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
OFARRELL, 2)— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk., mo.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. JJ a week up: 3So a. day up.
MINNA. €57. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay window room, $1 per week: transient.
MINNA. :37. bet. 3<i ana <th (New Tork House)
— Outside rooms Jl 25 p<»r week and up.
LEWIS place. IS— Furnished an! unfurnished
rooms to let: single or en suite. (
LAS PALMAS, 1S20 Market St.— Suit* of 2 or %
nss. ; private ; bath ; Ein. rms. ; board optional.
HOW AUD. CO— A nice eunny single room, euit-
E.bl« for one or two.
OEARY. 813%— Large furnished sunny room.
GItAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner SeTenth
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
clsgle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GEAEY. 4K (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
ELEVENTH, 120— A lju-ge light front and back
parlor, unfurnished; reference.
DEVISADERO. 649. cor. McAllister— Choice
furnished roflBns.
CLIFFOKD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished ninny rooms: prices reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, and I'nfarn.
ANY person desiring board, board and room,
famished ard unfurnished rooms, furnished
ar.d unfurnished apartments, furnished and
unfurnished Cats; housekeeping rooms, houses
furnished and unfun.Uhed, pie&se call and
examine our lift; wa have largest and most
eatlFfactcry selection tn the city: we make
no charge for service*; tel. Red 2334. Elder
Rental Information Bureau. CG Market st.
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment National Cemetery. •
TO the Comrades of Lincoln Poet No. t O. A.
IX.: Comrades of Lincoln Post will assemble
In uniform at Poet Hall, 121 Eddy street,
this day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral services of Comrade John Lin-
drob, S. W. CARPENTER,
Post Commander.
LUMBERT — In Brockton. Mass.. . December 7.
1&00. Elizabeth, beloved wife of A. W. Lum-
bert, daughter of Mrs. F. A. Kelley, and sis-
ter of Mrs. A. J. Healy and George P. Kelley,
a native of Hyamus Port, Maes., aged 25
y*ars and 8 months.
MAGINNIS— In this city, December 17, 1900,
Lydia, beloved wife of B. Maglnnis, and
mother of Charles and J. B. Maglnnis, Mrs.
I. Ingerman and Mrs. F. Pcchart, a native
of Switzerland, aged 74 years.
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited t* at-
tend the funeral services at chapel In I, O.
O. F. Cemetery, to-morrow (Wednesday), at
U o'clock. Please omit flowers.
M/.NLEY— In Alameda, December 17. 1900,
O<x)rge, beloved husband of Harriet T. Man-
ley, and father of George. May and Charles
Manley and Mrs. Frank Brundage, a native
C7Friends sind acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of I* W. McGlauflin, 2250 San Antonio ave-
nue. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LINDROB— In this city. December 16, 1900,
John, beloved husband of Maria Lindrob. and
father of Maria, Lawrence, Sarah, Lucy and
Lincoln Lindrob, a native of Germany, aged
Vi years 2 months and 20 days. A member of
Lincoln Poet No. 1, O. A. R.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Haisted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Cremation
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOWLAND^In Alameda, December 16, 1900.
Amanda J. Howland. beloved mother of Mrs.
L. W. MeGlanflin, Mrs. Charles 8. Mason
and Mr. Stillman L. Howland. and sister of
Mr. P. P. Ward and E. L. Ward, a native of
Wellington. New Brunswick, aged 74 years
2 months and 19 days. (Santa Cruz and Maine
papers please copy.)
C7The funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
»>psidence of the parents. 671 Twenty-third
etreet, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
HANFORD-In Oakland, Cal., December 16,
1S.00. May Belle, beloved wife of William T.
Hanford. mother of Forrest, Irma and Amy
Hanford. and daughter of Mrs. P. J. Toll-
man. /
C7Frle«ds and acquaintances are respect 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-street
Presbyterian Church, between Eighth and
Tenth streets. Oakland.
HE WEB— In this city, December 15. 1900, Ellis
Hewes. a native of Wales, aged 79 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission
etreet, thence to St. James Church, corner
Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, for ser-
vices, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALL— In Oakland, December 17. 1900, Mar-
low Augustus, beloved son of Charles and
La.ura. Hall, brother of Ansel Hall, and
grnndoon of Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Crocker, a
native of Oakland, aged 6 years 5 months and
14 days.
OOVE— In this city, at Bt. Mary's Hospital,
December 16, ll<00. Mary, beloved* wife of
Hugh Gove, Bister of John and the late
James Hayes, daughter of the late Catherine
Hayes, aunt of Mary Hayes, and oounln of
Mrs. Hannah McAuliffe. a native of Queens-
town, Ccmnty Cork, Ireland, aged 61 years
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
cf her daughter. Mrs. E. C. Stllwell. 1029
Guerrero street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electrlo car.
CONNOLLY— In this city. December 17, 1900,
Joseph Patrick, dearly beloved son of Thomas
and K«.tle Connolly, brother of Thomas Ar-
thur Connolly, and nephew of Mary Gll-
shanon. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and S months. (New York Herald
pleas* copy.)
C^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
reeldenc*. 445H Tehama street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COYNE— In the City and County Hospital.
December 17. 1300, James Coyne, a native of
Ireland, aged £2 years.
CUNNINGHAM— A requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the eoul of Law-
rence Cunningham to-morrow (Wednesday),
commencing at 9:30 o'clock, at St. Dominic's
Church, Bush and Stciner streets, San Fran-
cisco.
FLETT— In this city. December 14, 1900, Wil-
liam Flett. a native of Scotland, aged £1
years.
JETThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighth and Harrison streets at 2
O'clock.
FORNER— In this city. December 17. 1500
Jacob B., beloved husband of Eliza Forner!
and father of Fred A.. Victor and Louis For-
ner and Mrs. Joeeph Dixon, a native of Ger-
many, aged 75 years. ,
GILLEN— In this city, December 16, 1J00, Mary
Glllen. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
CyRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
JC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at B o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 373 Ninth avenue, near Point Lobos,
thence to Star of the Sea Church, where a re-
quiem nigh mars wilt* be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHAMPLADf-ln this city, December 17. 1900,
Mary S. Champlain, beloved mother of Mrs.
E. C, Stllwell and Mrs. C. W. Geiger. and
eister of Mrs. D. W. Balch and the late Mrs.
Caroline Goltry and Mrs. C. T. Hoyt. (Syra-
cuse, N. Y., papers please copy.)
ARMSTRONG— In this city. December 17, 1900,
Mathilda, beloved wife of Rudolph Arm-
strong, and beloved mother of Mrs. A. Braese,
Mrs. C. F. Rodin and Hilda, Ernest, Oecar
and Georg* Armstrong, a native of Sweden,
aged £S j> ars 10 months and 4 days.
BKLL— In Berkeley, December 17. 1900. Julia
Bell, beloved wife of James Bell, daughter of
Martin Detje. and Bister, of Mrs. William
Meyer of Alameda, Mrs. E. E. Meyer of
Wrights and Martin Detje, a native of Ham-
burg, Germany, aged 59 years 4 months and
£3 days.
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
BENJAMIN— In this city, December 17. 1900,
Harry, beloved husband of Isabel Benjamin,
and father of George. Charles. Simon. Dave,
Joe. Ike and Sain Benjamin. Mrs. Ed Harris,
Mrs. K. Bennett and Mrs. F. Piquinna, a na-
tlv«> of BneSe.nd, aged 65 years.
BLUKER— In the City and County Hospital,
December 17. 1900, Edward Bluker, a native
of New York, aged 66 years.
BRANNAN— In this city, December 16, 1900,
James Edward, beloved son of Eva and the
late Thomas Brannan, and brother of Thomas
R., Mary F. and Agne* A. Brannan, Mrs. J.
P. Daley and Brother Zenonlan. a native of
San Francisco, aged 24 years 7 months and 5
dej-B.
DIED.
Armstrong. Mathilda
Bell, ~3ulia '
Beajajnin. Harry
Bluker. Edward
Brannan. James E.
ChaJiiiilaln. Mary S.
Connolly. Joseph P.
Ooj-ne, James
Cunningham, Law'
renoe
Flett, William
Forner, Jacob B.
Glllen. Mary
Gove. Maj-y
Hall. Marlow A.
Hanford, May B.
Hewes. Ellli
Howland, Amanda J.
Lindrob. John
Lumbert. Elizabeth
Maglnnis. Lydia
Mauley. George
Moore. Elizabeth J.
Newman. Sarah J.
O'Neill. Margaret
Pluskeil. August
Reran. Helen
Schutt. Alonzo
Schwarx. Richard C
Soule. William B.
Strahle, Magdalena
Toschi. Maria
Trolbert. August
Wallace. Catherine
Waters. Roger
Wiseman. Lorreta A.
Wylle. Florence K.
SVSH, 12-j <The Elk)— Nicely Jurnished sunny
rras: day. 23c up; wit, Jl 50 up. Mrs. P. Raaft.
BURNETT. 14TS Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.lfhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
A-BRUNStnCK House. US Sixth-Rooms 25e
to tl per eight; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; cpen all night.
ATTINGER-RIEPEH— In this city, December
15. 1900. by the Rev. George Guth, George
Attinger and Tillle W. Rieper.
CHANEY— RULING— In this city. December 12.
1900, by the . Rev. Philip Coombe, John E.
Chanpy of Spokane. Wash., and Laura Ruling
of San Francisco.
HOWARD— FORBES— In this city. December
15, 1M0. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Victor S.
MAKBIED.
BORN.
BROWN— In San Mateo. December 12, 1900. to
the- wife of W. H. Brown, a son.
COLE— In this city, December 14. 1900, to the
wife of P. J. Cole, a daughter.
LEONARD— In this city. December 17, 1900, to
the wife of James F. Leonard, a daughter.
SAALFrELD— In this city, December 17. 1300.
to the wife of L. A. Saalfield. a eon.
SCHWAB— In this city. December 16. 1900, to
the wife of George Schwab, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
ICT" Notice of funerbl hereafter.
WISEMAN— In this city. December 16. 1900.
Lorreta Alice Wiseman, beloved daughter of
James B. and Mary Wiseman, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 month and 10 days.
JCyinterment private.
WTLJE— In this city, December 18. 1900, Flor-
ence K.. daughter of J. H. and Isbel Wylle,
a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 15 years 2
months and 4 days.
(EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
TOSCHI— In this city, December 17, 1900, Maria
Toechl, beloved wife of F. Toschi, beloved
daughter of John and Mary Ramos, and sister
of Manuel. Antony and Julia Ramos, Mrs.
Mary Cunha and Mrs. Paulina Tenent. a na-
tive of Halfmoon Bay. San Mateo County,
aged 21 years and 1 day.
TROIBERT— In Rio Vista, Cal., December 16,
1900, August Trolbert, a native of New York,
aged 30 years 1 month and 24 days.
WALLACE— In this city, December 17. 1900,
Catherine E. Barclay, beloved wife of Hugh
W. Wallace, a native of Detroit, Mich. (De-
troit, Mich., papers please copy.)
gyinterment and funeral at Portland. Or.
WATERS— In thla city. December 17. 1900. at
his residence, 423 Noe street, Roger, beloved
fcusband of Winfraid Waters, and loving
rather of Patrick T. and Mary B. Waters, a
native of County Sligo, Ireland, aged 72 years
and 27 days.
K7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at the chapel at Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. Train leaves Third
and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
STRAHLE— In this city, December 16, 1900.
Mardalena Strahle, beloved sister of Jacob
Strahle and the late Mrs. Caroline Gilbert, a
native of Germany, aged 6S years.
SOUL.E— In this -city, December 15, 1900, Wil-
liam B., beloved husband of Lena Soule, and
father of Harold Soule, aged 47 years 6
months and 7 days.
[E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the Odd
Fellows' Hail, corner Seventh and Market
streets, where the funeral services will be
held under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge
No. 204, I. O. O. F. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of Theo. Dlerks,
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1921 Union street, near'La-
guna, thence to. Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHUTT— In Emeryville, December 17, 1900,
Alonzo, beloved husband of Delia Schutt, a
native of New Tork, aged 65 years 1 month
and 17 days.
SCHWARZ— In this city, December 15. WOO.
Richard C. B., beloved husband of Minnie
Schwa n, and brother of Hubert T. Schwarz,
a native of Stettin, Germany, aged 54 years
and 6 months. A member of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M... and Oriental En-
campment No. 57, I. O. O. F
(E7"The funeral will take place this day
' (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1K34 Felt street.
O'NEILL— In this city, December 17. 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Terrence O'Neill; a
native of County Tyrone. Ireland, aged B2
years.
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
("Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 227 Ney street (College Homestead),
thence to St. John's Church (Old St. Mary's
College), where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing: at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PLUSKELL-In the City and Comity Hospital,
December 17. 1900, August Pluskeil, a native
of Germany, aged 63 years.
REGAN— In this city, December 16, 1000, Helen,
dearly beloved wife of Jeremiah H. Regan,
beloved daughter of Peter and Mary Gaftney,
and sister of Mrs. 'William H. Holland, Mrs.
Kobert Grant and Peter Jr. and Thomas Gaff-
ney, a native of Weehawken. N. J., aged 24
years and 3 months.
E7" Funeral strictly private this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of E. L. Laneley. 1121 Morton street. Inter-
ment (Mountain View Cemetery.
NEWMAN— In this city, December 13, 1900.*
Sarah J. Newman, wife of the late Carlton
Newman, and mother of Mrs. James H. Da-
vis, Mrs. George Palmer, Mrs. Philip S. Tel-
ler and George H. Newman, a native of Saco,
Me., aged 65 years. (Pittsburg papers please
copy.)
of Zanesvllle, Ohio, aged 65 years and T
month*.
IC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), at » o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner Mich street and Enclnnl ave-
nue, thence to Bt. Joseph's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, on
the arrival of II o'clock creek boat. >
MOORE— In Alameda, December 16. 1900, Mrs.
Elizabeth J. Moor«> beloved mother of Mrs.
E. L. Langley, Mrs. O. W. Fitch and H. B..
G<x>rge J. and Harry T. Moore, a native. of
Brooklyn. N. Y.. aged 64 years 4 months an-1
24 days.
aiASKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriag* lioenses were 1mu«4
yesterday:
Victor Sundstrom. 24. 1S1&H Tork street, aad
Agrnes Olsen. 26. lJ15ti York street.
Charles A. M alien, 19. £408 Bush street, and
Emma Bush, IS. Rocklln.
Thomas J. Fallon. 30, Stephens Point, Wit,,
and Agnes B. llealy. 23, city. '
Baccl Firpo, 28, Oakland, and Mary Bor-
«one, S2. 1401 Point Lobos avenue.
Ambraglo Q. Kamacclottl. St. 2939 Clay street,
and Eugenia Cerlghlno, 22. 1401 Point Loboe
avenue.
Fred L. Cotton, 2«, city, and Josie Buchanan,
28. city.
Franklin C Smith. 23, Boston, and Alice B.
Connelly. 24. city.
Santa Fe
Trains- Da »y
' Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Z/ve. San < Francisco. 9:00 am 4:10 pm t:00pm
Ait. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:08 p m
" Merced 2:43 pm 1:13 am
"-". Fresno 4:30 pm J:0Sam
" Vlsalia. 6:00 pm 4:60 am
" Talare ~ 6:23 pm 6:10 a ra
" Hanford ....... 6:33 pm 7:04 a m
" .Bakersfield ... 8:50pm 7:30am
M Denver 10:00am .
" Kansas City... 8:15 pm
" Chicago 7:40 am
'It, m. train Is tha Overland Express. Corre-
epondlng train arrives at t p. m. dally.
4:10 p.- m. is Btookton Local.- Corresponding
train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfield Express.
'with Sleeping- Cars for both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 8 a. m. daily.
OFFICES— Ml Market Bt. and in Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; 111S Broadway, Oakland.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 190U.
spacious dlninsf-hall was elaborately dec
orated with red, white and blue streamers
and Christmas greens. The Installation
exercises took place In the Masonic Tem
ple. R. H. Countryman, assisted by E. F.
Delger, officiating. There were 125 at tne
banquet and- the toasts were by S. M.
Shortrldge, Frank McGowan, -Colonel C.
H. Murphy, W. S. Miller, F. P. Hooper
and George "W. Drew.. . • •
Occidental Lodge of Masons installed its
new officers and then' banqueted them at
the California Hotel last evening. The
Masonic Installation and Banquet
For family use Jesse " Moore "AA" whiskey
is a prime favorite; and In thousands of homes
it Is always on the buffet.
• :LOS 'ANGELES,- Dec. IJ.-7-A brother . of
Timothy" Campbell Johnson, who haa
charge* of , Garvanza . says he
knows nothing; whatever; of Rev. James
LA Baron'; Johnson. MrB. w. Jjl, . .Wtdtte-
Beached the ' Southland.
Dr. James Le Baron Johnson Has Not
NOT IN LOS ANGELES.
Neither has anything been heard , from
Miss Mary Hoffman' up to a late hour to
night. .
"I have not heard anything from my son
since he left the sanitarium and know
nothing of his whereabouts. The last
news ' I had ¦ from \ him was to the : effect
that his condition' was not improved. That
is all I can tell you, for that is all I
know." • .
NEWYORK, Dec. 17.— No informatioh
as to the whereabouts, of Rev. James \Le
Baron" Johnson, who mysteriously disap
peared from a sanitarium at Watklns, N.
Y., has been received to-day by the young
clergyman's relatives and friends, anil
even his father. Rev. Dr. George D. John
son, knows nothing about -him. Dr.
Johnson, who is an -archdeacon of the
Protestant Episcopal chureh'and lives on
Franklin avenue. New Brighton. L: I., in
speaking of his eon to a Call correspond
ent to-night, said: ;¦••' ,
Caesar and other friends here refuse to
believe that his disappearance has any
thing to do with that, of Miss Mary Hoff
man ' fi*om the ' Bellevue Training/School
Jo H§^L I31fcf K .was. reaotuOMaL"*
.TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 17.-Phillp V.
Caesar, president - of the Metropolitan
Bank and a close friend of Rev. James
Le Baron Johnson, has heard nothing re
garding his whereabouts. He says John
son wrote to a friend here very recently
that he had broken down and was almost
broken-hearted at having to give up his
work in New York. He wrote that he had
had much sickness and trouble, of which
he could not then give particulars. This
letter was written from the Atkins Sani
tarium and showed every evidence, Mr.
Caesar says, of complete mental balance.
The letter contained a statement that
Johnson intended soon to take a long
journey.- - Mr. Caesar thinks it probable
that he quietly packed his grip and start
ed, for Europe.
Be Due to Needed Best.
Johnson's Disappearance Thought to
— — «• \
MAY HAVE GONE TO EUROPE.
more, of Staten Island, who Is visiting
Rev. B. W. Taylor of. this city, says she
knows Rev. Mr. Johnson well. Neither she
nor Taylor thinks Johnson i3 here. No
body has heard of him.
The resolution declaring the Intention
of the Board of Supervisors to grant the
Market Street Railway Company a fran
chise for twenty-five years for an electric
street railroad connecting with the exist
ing lines on Third and Townsend streets,
thence along Townsend to Second street,
thence along Second street to its inter
section with Brannan street and there
connecting with the Second and Brannan
streets lines, was referred to the joint
Street and "Judiciary Committee, and fur
ther action thereon was postponed for two
weeks by the Board of Supervisors yes
terday.
The protest of the Richmond District
Improvement Association, of which
Charles H. Hubbs is president andrE.-P.
K. Troy secretary, against the « granting
of the franchise was read and Mr. "Troy
addressed the board' in opposition to '.tho
resolution. - »
"This application • is only"- for --'two
blocks," said -Troy, "but It .Is of ; more
importance ¦ than ' a | dozen blocks," . Enor
mous travel' will' come in at 'Townsend
street when the Southern Pacific has
closed its gap on the coast road and the
company will have all- the points of ,ap-
preaches to | Its terminal. The Market
Street Company has already, two points
of approach,'; so that 'with the prlvileg-e
reiuisted a monopoly of the approaches
will ¦ be enjoyed < by ¦ the big corpbration.
The two blocks In question are the, only
two blocks the-company has. not. grabbed
up in that vicinity. The Board of Super
visors has permitted the Market Street
Company to hem In the city so complete
ly that there are no streets available
should municipal ownership ever be final
ly decided on.
"One of these approaches should be left
undisturbed, "so that the company cannot
secure absolute control of the terminal
points. This . privilege should not be
granted until such time as other com
panies would find it a business proposi
tion to bid for it." ,
Brandenstein said the resolution was
not in legal form and would have to be
redrafted. The matter will be considered
in committee on Friday afternoon. CjSBEBE
Braunhart suggested as one o<. the con
ditions to be imposed upon the company
that it be reauired ; to pave the blocks
from curb to curb. '
The authorization to the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company for $S109 26,
which was cut by the Light Committee to
J75S3 99. tne difference .representing the
cost of erecting electric < masts -which the
company sought to make a charge against
the city, whereas the contract makes the
expense chargeable to the company, was
postponed for one week to allow Its rep
resentatives to be heard.
Action Postponed on Second
and Townsend Streets
Privilege.
FRANCHISE MEETS
WITH OPPOSITION
Fnencls;of the Missing Minister Have
Not Learned His Whereabouts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The 1 San Francisco and San Joaquln
Valley Railway Company petitioned the
Board of Supervisors yesterday for a
right-of-way for a railroad from a point
on Illinois street near Marin " street,
thence southerly on a curve to a point
ori Kentucky street on the center line of
Tomblgbee street, thence southerly along
Tombigbee street to the southerly line
of First' avenue South, thence southerly
along Tomblgfcee street to the southerly
line of Fifteenth avenue south. This is
merely a request for an extension of the
franchise , on Illinois street, which the
board has declared its Intention to grant.
The petitioner alleges that It forms part
of, a. transcontinental system of railroads
and that it has more than fifty miles of
road in operation. The company avers
that the usual conditions will be complied
with. The petition was referred to the
Street" Committee.
r The petition of the same company for
permission to amend its franchise for a
steam railroad on Illinois street was also
referred to the Street Committee. It
says:
The granting of the said franchise was sub
ject to certain restrictions, one being an in
hibition against the sale or transfer of the
franchise to any other ¦ railway company. As
JOHNSON'S MOVEMENTS
ARE STILL A MYSTERY
the company represents only a portion of the
Atchlson. Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Com
pany, as the Legislature passed an enabling
act enabl'nr the last named company to ac
quire the property of the San Joaquln road,
application is made that the franchise be
amended so that the inhibition mentioned shall
not apply to the sale, transfer or assignment to
the Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe Company.
McCarthy presented a resolution direct
ing the expert of the Finance Committee
to report the amount of the city floating
indebtedness of the forty-first. 'o«y-?ec
ond, forty-third, forty-fourth and fiftieth
fiscal years and for the unpaid teachers
salaries for the fiftieth fiscal year as spec
ified in constitutional amendment No.
15. adopted at the last election, that the
same may be provided for in the budget
of the ensuing fiscal year with Interest
thereon at the rate of 5 per cent per an
num. Also to finish a list of bills due by
the city. The Finance Committee will
determine and fix the date that Interest
on the claims shall cease to be computed.
The report of City Architect Mooser,
in which he sketches out a general scheme
for rendering the Alta Theater on Grove
street reasonably safe, was referred to the
Fire Committee. The ordinance condemn
ing the building was postponed for one
month, during which the alterations re
quired will be made by the owner.
Supervisor Booth Introduced an ordi
nance in the Board of Supervisors yester
day intended to restrict the height of all
fences to seven feet. Booth directed at
tention to the blowing down of many
fences during the last storm and of the
danger to human life resulting therefrom.
The ordinance follows:
Whereas, An occaelonaJ epeedy «ephyr of 60
miles an hour velocity visits our otherwise
rceful and delightfully salubrious city, ther*
*>ndanger1n* lile aftd limb of Supervisors.
r*-sld<"ntf and Btrangr-re within our gates, and
wh^rPUJi, philosophers feay that the inetinct of
Felf-preyervation is paramount even to that of
Rein, therefore be it ordained by the people of
the Uty and county that sidewalk fences b* not
hipYu-r than neven feet; that this ordinance go
Into effect at once, repealing all other ordi
nanwf in oonflict with it. and Imposing a pen
alty of not more than $50 for its violation.
The ordinance was referred to the Street
Committee.
The resolution directing the Board of
The ordinance making It unlawful for
any person to carry or have in his posses
sion "knock-out drops" or any compound
of chloral hydrate, which, when mixed
with liquor, produces stupefaction, ,was
finally passed.
The department of electricity filed an
The petition of the First-street mer
chants for the repaying of the roadway of
First street, between Market and Mission,
with basalt blocks was referred to the
Street Committee.
The ordinance authorizing the Tax Col
lector to require from applicants for the
sale of lands for delinquent taxes secur
ity for the expenses and advertising of
such sale was finally passed.
Public Works to pave Market street from
Second to Sansome and Sutter with a'
modern pavement was Indefinitely post
poned. The Street Committee recommends
instead the repavlngr of Market street
from Montgomery to the ferry out of
funds to be set aside in next year's bud
get.
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying se«
our "bureau trunk." A- B. Smith Co.,128BUU.'
Valley Road Officials Desire Additional
Right of Way in This
SEEKS EXTENSION
OF ITS FRANCHISE
Supervisor Booth Draws a Lesson
From the Recent Severe
Windstorm.
FENCES MAY BE
SEVEN FEET HIGH
The Board of Public Works was directed
to furnish on December 24, 1900. a state
ment showing the name and monthly com
pensation of each employe under Its con
trol during: November. Brandentein ex
plained that the Board of Supervisors de
sired to be advised as to the financial con
dition of the Board of Works. \
The Recorder was authorized to transfer
all bound volumes and flies of newspa
pers In the Hall of Records to the Public
Library.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs filed a protest against taking $1000
from the lighting fund to heat the Hall
of Justice.
estimate of the supplies required during
the ensuing twelve months. The pur
chases will amount to an average of $500
per month.
cently that Johnson was to become rec
tor of a small Episcopal church near L03
Anareles. _
Borne people think it is better to havo
loved and lost than never to have lost
at all.
14
Wondering
about that present ? Suppose
you go down this line.
China
Crockery
.Class waro
' Fancy waro
JardJnonos •
Lamps— Ornaments
• Silverware
Busts— Figur era
Dinner Sets
Fish Sets
Came Sets
Onyx Tables
Cups, Saucers
Plates, Salad
Sets, Berry
Sets, Toilet
Sets, Vases
Otooks, Steins
Everything that's Beau*
tlful for Christmas
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Qrsat American ImportiDa Tea Co.
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Ave., bet. Post and Sutter,
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
I4O Sixth 6t. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1S10 Devlsadero St.
148 Ninth St. 2008 Fillmoro St.
3008 Sixteenth St. 631 Montgomery At,
2516 Mission St. 8385 Mission St.
705 Larkln St. 2T32 24th St.
855 Hayes St. 475 Hal*ht Su
52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. 616 E. I2th St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 Pork St.
. SAN RAFAEL-B St.. near Fourth
I The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR
1 A Handsome Christmas fc&Ssgj
' Easy and Comfortable. £p3i£ft!&/
Price $15. Come and sea it.
W. A. SCHROCK,
•'v2 -»Htalfl9Bl*TOSSi«r_ .
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.', S. F; Cor. Park and Washington,* Portland.
Cor. 13th and Broadway, Oakland. 711 Second avenue, Seattle.
24 Sixth Street.
on All Plates, Crowns and
Bridftowork. : .-•«•¦••¦
FIHIn&H, 0Oc Crowns, «3.8 O
_- Plates, $5.00 Fall Set
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
30 Days Only,
% ™ DISCOUNT
Call and learn of Sherman, Clay & Co.'s new success-
ful rent contract plan for selling- Pianos. Terms as- low as
$6 a month.
Every month and every year sees more and more of
these good Pianps sold. They are the, Steinway of New York,
the A. B. Chase of. Nonvalk, Ohio, the Estey of New York,
the Emerson of Boston, the Ludwig of New York, the Starr
and Richmond of Richmond, Indiana.
Sherman, Qay & Co. have them the year round — to
be sold to other dealers, who, of course, are posted upon the
exact- quality 'they receive for , their money. These Pianos
are sold to them without guarantee or recourse.
Sherman, Clay & Co. only recommend first-class Pianos
to their retail customers. •
Every day is a sale day
able if you wish that sort.
New Pianos at $125 or $150 each are rea&ily obtain-,.
is the first consideration
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
f»rk £3^1 fi^n VSf^h 9%jjP\ Hfir^
lljy^, jjjjijj fWrA MB &$&££
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Joces.
holidayIpecials.
Black Silk Mufflers,
Hemstitched: made of eood qual-' CAp
lty surah silk— worth 75c ., OV/w
BLACK SILK MUFFLERS, 'TPJ r »
worth $1 25 lOt
, BLACK SILK .• MUFFLERS, 22 Inches
'wide; made of best, quality surah silk;
beautifully hemstitched — on eale at
$lz£ $1^:$2:^ $2^2
These Mufflers are sold ' elsewhere from
Jl 7& to H. Stamping: done free.
•-- vjsbvomw Holiday Jabots.
l^HL Accordeon Plaited
/5y^fes§2»W Chiffon t Jabots, all
JfVj^$S^§^3&^ colors — worth $1 50 —
(Pxj/yfj i \i*5Sy Accordeon Plaited
TO^/> iKvS5S» *""'* Silk Jabots, all
Tii^y7TV^V colors ~ Bold n11 over
CJ V^
Holiday Handkerchiefs.
Women's Linen Handkerchiefs, bordered
with .wide Duchess lace. . considered . IS/,
good .value at 25c— on sale at;..... JUV*
Also place on #ale to-day 150 DOZEN
HANDKERCHIEFS, which we've marked
to sell for . : -¦., .. • [
; 3c 5c 85c 10c 12^c
' Many of these > are worth i double - the
prices we ask..^; v^ . ,_ .
. Silk Waists. .mp>r"-^m
TO-DAY we -place f' «^^^k - >\. '
on sale about seven- f *^S^^ft \
ty-flve Silk Waists: / . Jya -^V V
tucked all over; Van ' ' . S ' "
E>j r ke • front: waist • ¦ * yj's^y^lt 3:15
and ¦•"' sleeves • lined; ¦ HSB^- O
come In all the fash- •
lonable shades. .Visit c irWl3iW^Vl\ ¦ •
other stores and iflw/w'MiOTl «Q
: you'll" -' find similar fl'I'ifi^Wf 1 1 \^A'
. waista marked $5— fllil&'O IJl.l
our price as Ions a» llSiV.SCffB ' Ll'SwA
this little lot lasts Is /jJ|%|||jW 'fel
.We are showing ~llffi Ks4k
an Immense line o' BM£JiiM±j&h
plain and fancy ' mz§$B8g£RBpr- i
HOSIERY for the ' wJWJjWJIMSvwiawl
holidays at prices that- cannot b« dupll-
, cated.
MAIL ORDERS RECEIVED.
I Christmas Bicycles for Old and Young.
) Q HBSxSBS^vShb WJ?ff?irtP£<%^\ »^t *^?'i5is l t£*3L WB^^SdH Vp^^SEuChBw " vCSaHflSSKsL V^HH^flB^^^ H^^k. kSSJ^BShIv <h9 *
[ q BmB^^^mQdSi w^sMBJok igH^SSSt^WWk. tBBBObB^ iJHmTOrilBa USBHSniX BB SSfSf BBm BHk. MS& im| |^k
I r - BICYCLES
if RAMBLER (Ujh 1 mFjlI P*j5?_ IDEALS
;| 1901— MODELS— 1901 '^^fck 1901— MODELS— 1901
»• 40— Racer (f 9 pounds) $5O " imm * , 6 2 — Youths', 26-in. wheels.. ./..... $25
;j 41— Men's Light Roadster $40 ¦ 1 — — — i — — — — A 2 _Misses' 26-in wheels S25
It 42— Women's Light Roadster S40 The Only 19O1 Ramblers now in Stock Are Models 43 and 44. °* , ' / %/hoA , c S oo « n
58 * M en S Roadster... $35 A Full Line Will Arrive in January. a 64-Boys , 24-in. wheels Hl^
>S 44— Women's Roadster $35 % ' — — ! : — i — — — 6?— Girls', 24-in. wheels. $22.50
It Tffi^^^Mlf^fS THO5 H B VARNEY 66-Juveni!es', 20-in. wheels.... $20
j: 46— Men s Road Tandem $75 ' f 7 67 Juveniles , 20- n. whees $20
11 I 4 C ° MARKET AND TENTH STS., SAN FRANCISCO. b^ Juvemie.,
ADVEBTlSSlOiN XS.