ANOTHER INDICATION OF PROSPERITY.
(Continued on Second Page.)
When Mr. Bryan arrived at 8:15 the
Roosevelt train had i.ot reached the city
and as a consequence many who came to
hear him went to greet Mr. Bryan. The
people rushed after the Bryan car as it
"East S^. Louis afforded a unique spec
taclec when the Bryan train arrived.
There was no general Information in that
city concerning the time that Mr. Bryan
was to reach there, but the announce
ment had been made that Governor
Roosevelt would speak there at 8 o'clock.
. "They tell us that we are loaning money
in Europe. All you that are loaning money
in < Europe hold up your hands." Not a
hand went up, and he exclaimed: "Then
It is they, not we, who are loaning money
abroad." - *, ' 7 . . /
: Mr. Bryan. spoke for about three-quar
ters of. an hour and at the conclusion of
the speech /returned to St. Louis for the
night. «'
-Mr.' Bryan made no reference to these
remarks, and when he had concluded the
dismantling process sufficiently to ansv/er
.his pprpose he went on with his speech.
Speaking of the Republican contention of
good, times, Mr. Bryan said:'.
Mr. Bryan did, not, however, comply
with this request. He had scarcely begun
speaking when he found that the bunting
and flags on the stand cut off his view of
the audience. He promptly tore down the
obstruction. This act was variously re
garded. Some one cried, "Don't tear
down, the flag," others "Tear It down; It is
where it ought to be taken down."
Mr.'rBryan. spoke with his hat on. and
some one yelled,' "Take off your hat, like
Teddy did."
and notwithstanding, it was 10 o'clock at
night before "Mr. Bryan .began his speech
the audience stood densely packed in a
mass that'e^xtendedso far out that it was
impossible for those* on the outskirts to
hear. ¦ *
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 8.— At Alton Mr. Bryan
spoke to thousands ; of people. His audi
ence was said to, be the largest ever as
sembled In . this city. The local Demo
cratic leaders, among whom was . Con
gressman Jett. occupied seats on a plat
form erected In front of the courthouse,
At Percy. Mr. Bryan spoke for ten min
utes-from a platform erected near the
train.- There were also short speeches at
Red Bud and Waterloo. A flambeau club
met Mr. Bryan at. Waterloo and escorted
him to the stand .'erected for his accom
modation in a nearby grove of fine trees?
He was presented there by W. R. Morri
son,' who resides at Waterloo.
, "The laboring man-wants relief from
government by. Injunction. 'Government
by Injunction is the means by which' a
man is deprived of the right of trial by
Jury in certain cases where the corpora
tions want to control the employes. .The
meanest thief that ever stole and . the
meanest man that ever murdered is enti
tled to trial by'Jury;' then why should : it
be denied to 'any "class? The Republican
party has been In control for three and a
half 'years and while you never heard a
Republican oppose' government by. injunc
tion in a pu6llc speech : the Republican
party has not had time to give to labor
ing men relief from this menace to their
interests and. to their welfare." . '.',
yourselves where your interests and, the'
Interests of "your children are in this
great contest. If you are a laboring niari
you believe in th« arbitration of differ
ences .between 'labor ."arid \ capital. The
Democratic party, declared for arbitration
In 1S96; It declares for it' again, and I can
not understand how any man. who .wants
Justice and belleves.hls cause Is just can
oppose arbitration as a means to settle
differences between corporate capital and
the employes of corporations.' Yet when
the laboring man asks for arbitration the
answer Is a large army. ... .'.)
DEADLY POLITICAL RIOTS
CONTINUE IN PORTO RICO
.;</-. . ¦ ...•¦•.... r . .< ¦ . ,
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Oct., 8.— Four persons, one of them a woman, were killed In another political street riot in •
Guayamo. which lasted all last night. The rioting started last; evening in a "cafe.-: when a. member of the Federal '*
party shot and severely wounded a Republican. Several of the latter's party friends tried to lynch the Federal, ',
but were prevented by eight Americans. Federals from Arroyo hastened to reinforce ,the Federals In Guayamo, •
and a bloody street fight followed. Rioting was kept up during the night, and three men and women were killed,' \
while twenty others,' Including several policemen, were wounded. . Several of these^will.'dle-V Armed bands ' paraded the •
streets this morning shooting. and shouting and terrorizing the town." 'The whole district la arming and the police force is '
utterly unable to cope with therioters. The' parties are about equally divided I In 'numbers..'... Leaders of the Republicans '.
are urging their followers not to engage In rioting,'. but the' Federals are- determined "to 'avenge the San- Juan affair, and '
further bloodshed Is expected. ...The. animosity} between the Federals and Republicans is increasing as the time for the |
elections approaches, and all over the Island are evidences that trouble may break out at any" moment. '-, "1 / : ,
definitions of the trust. He says that In
the first place that there are no trusts;
then next he says that the trust Is a good
thing:, and then he says: 'Do not be afraid
of the trusts; If they are Injurious we will
take care of them.' What a consolation
it is to be a Republican and not have to
think. Just to feel that you are safe in the
arms of Hanna! I believe that you will
have to destroy the trusts or they will de
stroy the country."
Jonesboro was the next stop, and Mr.
Bryan spoke at that place for fifteen min
utes. Murphysboro was reached at 3:15
and a half ho.ur's stop made. Mr. Bryan
¦was taken to the Courthouse yard, where
there was gathered a large and enthusi
astic crowd of miners, railroad men and
farmers. His remarks were directed more
to the laboring man than his other
speeches of the day. He said:
"The people here may be 'divided- into
three general classes — the laboring: men,
who work In your shops or In your mines:
the farmers, who work upon the farms,
and the people in town, who make their
living by ministering- to the laboring. men
or the farmers. Every person is inclined
to look at public questions from his own
standpoint. He reasons from himself out
ward. The head of a trust argues that he
must vote the Republican ticket because
it is good for him. The financier argues
that he must vote the Republican ticket
because it is good for him. The men
with special .privileges by law argue that
they must vote the Republican ticket be
cause it is good for them; and if. these
people have a right to use the ballot to
advance their own Interests it is impor
tant that the rest of the people consider
their welfare. The great mass of the peo
ple can only speak when they vote and if,
when they vote, they do not secure re
dress for their grievances, the case is
hopeless and I want you who are farmers
or business men or laboring men to ask
A SHORT TIMBAGO THE DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT MADE A: DESPERATE APPEAL FOR
FUNDS. AS IT HAPPENS. HIS "TRUST"-ED ADHERENTS HAVE BENEFITED BY, THE- ADMINISTRATION
OF McKINLEY. THE ABOVE PICTURE IS THEIR ANSWER TO BRYAN'S PRAYER.
GREAT THRONGS
MEET AND GREET
GOV. ROOSEVELT
Republican Nominee for Vice Presi
dent Appeals to Democrats to
Put Patriotism Above
Partisanship.
EAST ST. LOUIS. 111.. Oct. 8.—Gov
ernor Roosevelt to-night conclud
ed bis campaign tour of Illinois,
speaking in this city to the larg
est audience assembled here since
the McKinley-Bryan campaign of four
years ago. Various Republican organiza
tions of this city and St. Louis vied with
each other In doing honors to the Vice
Presidential candidate. Governor Roose
velt betrayed no sign of weariness, not
trithsta-nding he had made many speeches
in the Btate en route, the most notable
cf which was at Springfield. There the
Governor refrained from discussing
linance, trusts and »uch topics, devoting
himself exclusively to the life and
achievements of Abraham Lincoln, of
whom he said:
"He sacrificed himself In death that his ,
pecple should kr.ow not only liberty but
the union that symbolized order as welL
Fundamentally every great question that
arises can be solved by following his ad
vice. Lincoln came Into prominence by
his great debate with Douglas when they
were opposed to each other, but when
the honor of the flag was at stake Doug
las turned and upheld the hands of his
great rival. Bo have we a right to appeal
to the Democrats to-day to put patriot
ism above partisanship."
From Sprir.gfield to Jacksonville Mrs.
Yatcs, vife of the candidate for Gover
nor cf Illinois, enlivened the situation by
riding in the engine cab, and on arriving
at her home city blew the whistle which
Eigr.2.kd the presence of .the Roosevelt
rpeeiaJ. The crowd at this place was the
largest that had greeted Governor Roose
velt, ovri^g undoubtedly to the fad that
Judge Yates. who lives in Jacksonville,
was on the train. Between double files
of njcunted Rough Riders, Governor
Roosevelt ar.d Judge Yates, standing side
by side in Their carriages and receiving
the plaudits of the multitude, were driven
to a large tent in the public square. There
the procession halted and the people
cheered while Judge Tates Introduced.
Governor Roosevelt, who spoke briefly
and hurriedly returned to his train.
On arrival at Alton the Governor was
irrr-tted by a large body of citizens and
•r^-nizatior.s bearing flambeaus. A fea
ture was the presence of sixty marines [
ind U-irty former members of the regular
army, all of the latter having served un
ier Roosevelt at Santiago.
Proceeding thence to this city Governor
Roosevelt made a short speech, and im
mediately couth of the city his train was
stepped lor orders. An incident of inter
est occurred at this point. It was the ar
rival and stopping of Mr. Bryan"s train
northbound immediately alongside the
Roosevelt special. The Roosevelt special
arrived here at 11 o'clock, three hours be
hind time, and the Governor was driven
immediately to the platform erected in
front of the Courthouse, from which he
(poke. Apparently the entire city had
turned out to see and cheer the candi
dates. The Governor's speech was brief,
av.lrjg to the lateness of the hour, and was
in tart as follows:
"I see before me here men who served
in the navy and in the regular army near
me or under my personal command on the
battle field at Santiago. Here are brothers
l:.<J tons who were in the army that you
iiave been told to be afraid of. These
brothers and sons who fought to uphold
the honor of <the flag are coheirs in all the
honor that flag can shelter.
"They are coheirs, too, in all the shame
of failure. You, too, are the heirs of the
men who fought under Grant and upheld
the .arms of Lincoln. We hold our heads
high because of what those men did. Are j
you not going to leave to your children I
in their turn a heritage of honor? We
must do our share of the work of the
great world powers. If we filch from the
ta^k we shall show that our loyalty to the
mighty men who were equal to the mighty
task is a loyalty of the lips and .not a loy
alty of heart or deed. Remember the con
ditions cf the Coxey armies and the free
Bouphouses of six years ago.
"Think how ever}- prophecy made by our
opponents four j-ea.rs ago has been falsl-
Jied by the events. Then look around at
your own prosperity. Remember how the
trlasstiowers in this very town have had
a raise of 15 per cent in their wages and
that there Is twice as much employment
as there was four years ago. And with all
this in mind you cannot but realize that it
is for jour material Interest to keep un
changed the policies of President McKin
loy and that it would be folly unworthy of
a serious people to trust yourselves to the
exploded fallacies of our antagonist.
'•\Ve have a right to appeal to you on
more than- one ground. It often happens
that different issues will be In seeming
conflict with one another, but In this con
tent we have the right to challenge your
support of every issue raised in the cam
paign. If a man has' to choose between
wealth and honor, of course he should
choree honor, but as a nation we should
stand both for material prosperity and
for honor and renown abroad. We have
the right to appeal to you from the stand
point of your material well-being and ask
you to leave well enough alone: to ask
you to remember the prophecies of Mr.
Bryan four y^ars ago and compare them
v.ith the actual facts and then to make
up your mind if you can afford to trust
any further tfie prophecies of the Bryan
57.cd Democracy of the present day. In
the old days false prophets had a hard
time; at present they are nominated for
the Presidency by the Democracy. Now
don't go back Into the slough of despoud
In which our people were six years ago—
five and four years ago. Don't go back to
the days of the free soup kitchen and the
Coxey armies.
*
"We appeal to you to stand with us be
cause we uphold the principles of orderly
liberty for which our fathers fought, for
which the statesmen who founded this
great Government stood, because we
stand for orderly liberty under the law
at home and abroad. We stand for the
privilege of seeing a great nation do a
great nation's work. We appeal to the
young men, now in early manhood, not
to dishonor the deeds done by the men
who In their youth and early manhood
fought to a finish the great civil war.
"From the way in which Illinois has
turned out to-day, I cannot but feel that
next November she will be true to her
joyous traditions as In the past. We have
the right, coming here to this State, to
ask not that you fall in with the rest of
the nations, but that you lead them— the
State of Lincoln and Grant must pay to
their memories more than Up loyalty."
At the conclusion of his speech Gov
ernor Roosevelt was escorted across the
high bridge to St. Louis, where he Is a
guest to-night at the Planters Hotel.
BRYAN HESOBTS TO ABTTSB.
Declares Republicans Will Buy Votes
and Coerce Voters.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 8.— That particular por
tion of Illinois known as "Egypt" was
pretty thoroughly canvassed by William
J. Bryan to-day. The principal cities of
eleven southern counties of the State and
three of the Congressional districts were
visited, and large audiences addressed at
the various stopping places. Fourteen ad
dresses were made from 7 o'clock In the
morning, when the first speech at Salem
was delivered, until the train bearing Mr.
Bryan and his party pulled out of Alton
at nearly midnight. The addresses have
ranged from ten minutes to an hour in
length, and six hours would be a con
servative estimate of the amount of time
consumed by Mr. Bryan in actual talk.
Southern Illinois was intensely enthu-
Eiastlc. At every meeting the candidate
was greeted with hearty demonstrations
of affection, and his remarks were ap
plauded and cheered everywhere. At one
place there was a disposition on the part
of a few boys to cheer his opponent, but
there were no attempts to Interfere with
his remarks being heard.
W. J.- Bryan began to-day's work with
a speech in Salem, 111., his birthplace, and
was given a warm reception. He talked
about an hour near the Courthouse in
wTilch his father held court from 1SG0 to
1S72, and where he himself made his first
political speech twenty years ago. Mr.
Bryan was introduced by Judge William
Prentiss of Chicago, and among other
things said:
"If the election were held to-day there
is no doubt we would have a majority in
the electoral college and on the popular
vote. But the Republican managers are
now collecting from the monopolies a
large campaign fund. They will b/iy
every vote that can be bought. They will
coerce every vote that can be coerced.
They will intimidate every laboring man
who can be intimidated; they will bribe
every election judge that can be bribed.
They will corrupt every count that can be
corrupted. I don't understand how It Is
possible for the plain, everyday Republi
can to close his eyes to what is going on,
when he knows that if he aids these in
fluences to carry the election at this? time
the same means can be employed to car
ry other elections when those ¦who are
j supporting the Republican ticket to-day
| will be opposed to the Republican ticket."
The south of Egypt was well represent
! ed in Cairo when Bryan arrived there at
j 10:15 o'clock. There had been excursions
from the neighboring towns and villages,
i and the result was a large crowd to wel
' come the Democratic nominee. He was
driven to a stand erected near the center
• of the city. His speech was devoted
I mainly to trusts, although the question
j of a large standing army and the qucs
: tlon of Imperialism each received some
; attention at his hands. Among other
thine? he said:
"The Republican party has not fulfilled
its promises. It will riot do anything of
i permanent and lasting advantage to the
] great majority of the people, and the rea
foii is that it la to-day controlled, guided
I and directed by organized combined
! wealth, and combined wealth demands
j not equal rights but special privileges.
J and every privilege granted by law to
I these great combinations Is taken from
' the people. Whenever you find that a
few people by operation of law are gain-
Ing an advantage, you may rest assured
that that advantage is coming from some
body. The trouble is that the Govern
j ment gathers a little from each person
and dumps the wholcamount Into the laps
of a few, and the few receive it in large
amounts and you see the evidence of their"
prosperity, while the little is collected
from each one and the Republican' party
is forgetting the man from whom it col
lects while it takes care of the man who
receives. All over this land are the homes
of forgotten men, men whose rights are
disregarded, men whose interests are neg
lected because of the demands made by
combined capital. We are not enemies of
honestly acquired wealth. No one who
wants to eat the bread that he earns and
to earn the bread that he eats need be
afraid of the success of our ticket The
only man who needs to fear Is the man
who wants to eat the bread that some
body else earns and wants to eat it with
out paying for it.
"More trusts have been organized dur
ing the last three and a half years than
In all the previous history of the country,
and Mr. Hanna. the dominating factor in
, the Republican party, has given us three
BERLIN, Oct. 8. — The somewhat op
timlatlc view of the Chinese situation
which prevailed In Germany last week
has been unfavorably affected by the re
ports that the Chinese court has resolved
to seCTle permanently at Sinanfu, capi
tal of the province of Shensl. This the
Berliner Tageblatt regards as "indisput
able evidence that the Chinese court Is as
antl-forelgn as ever."
"The failure of the court to return to
Peking." It says, "makes a farce of the
proposed peace negotiations, Inasmuch as
the Chinese Government could annul the
whole procedure at any moment by re-
Acts of Chinese Court Make a Farce
of Peace Negotiations.
AS ANTI-FOREIGN" AS EVER,
CHICAGO. Oct. S.— In a letter to Miss
E. Ward of the "Women's Presbyterian
Board of Missions Mrs. L. B. Neal, a mis
sionary, says that the Boxer uprising in
China has wrought irreparable injury to
ir.issionary work in China. The writer
says:
"Can you imagine Peking now. and
Tungchow, and Paoting-Fu? All those
mission premises are gone, utterly de
stroyed, the work of years wiped out. as
it were, and the Christians terrified, scat
tered, robbed of their all and many of
them assaulted. Manchuria, Chill and
Shantung are already swept clean of all
missionaries and the first two of all large
mission stations, while the whole Interior
of China Is being cleared of foreigners of
every description. The sufferings of those
traveling from the inland stations have
been simply terrible, the China Inland
Mission being the worst sufferer.
One party of nineteen from Shansl, where
Tu Hsien. under whom all. this Boxer up
rising started In Shantung, Is Governor,
had fifty days of horror In getting from
Pingyang to Hanyo.^'
Boxer Uprising Has Wrought Great
Injury to Missionary Work.
WORK OF YEARS WIPED OUT.
sponsible authors of the outrages. Min
ister Wu has been informed of the degra
dation of Viceroy Yu of the province just
vacated by the Chinese court, and of his
Impeachment because of his anti-foreign
tendencies.
The State Department has Indicated lts»
desire that action be taken by t&e Chi
nese Government against General Tung
Fuh Slang, who is said to be assembling
an army apparently for his own protec
tion. Tung Fuh Slang was one of the
prime movers In the anti-foreign crusade,
and .officials believe an example should
be made of him.
Minister Conger has not yet sent to the
State Department his list of Chinese whom
he thinks should be punished, and until
this is received the department will not
further communicate with the powers re
specting this phase of the situation. It
is earnestly hoped, however, that nego
tiations will be begun as soon as pos
sible as conditions In Southern China are
dangerous and it is feared the viceroys
will not be able to hold the people In
check much longer unless negotiations
commence.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 8.
There is grave danger of the gen
eral negotiations with China be
ing checked as a result of the re
fusal of the Emperor to return to Peking.
His decision, or rather that of the Em
press Dowager, will not affect the pur
pose of tha United States to initiate ne
gotiations, but there ! are other powers
which are inclined to make hla return an
essential condition to negotiations. "With
him at Peking it Is the belief of diplo
mats here that there would be no delay
in effecting a satisfactory settlement, but
with him absent there will be a disposition
to pick flaws in credentials of the Chi
nese negotiators and there will be inter
minable delays. In the interest of early
peace, therefore, it Is believed to be high
ly desirable that he should at once pro
ceed to his capital, but the Emperor is
unable to do so, and the Empress Dow
ager has no intention of permitting him
to return when she Is not even invited to
accompany him.
Notwithstanding the urgent representa
tions made by this Government through
Minister Wu and of the British Govern
ment through the Chinese Minister sta
tioned in London, the Imperial Govern
ment has moved Its capital further in
land. The news of this movement is con
tained in an imperial decree handed by
Minister Wu to Secretary Hay to-day.
This Government will not further re
duce Its force In Peking, the 13C0 men un
der orders to remain constituting the le
gation guard. The Russian Government,
which was first to announce that its lega
tion and troops would proceed to Tientsin,
has retained in the capital a strong force
to offset the troops stationed there by
Germany, Japan and Great Britain. Rus
sia is undoubtedly willing to withdraw all
her forces provided the other nations do
so, and Baron Nlshi, the Japanese Min
ister, has recommended a substantial re
duction in the Japanese force.
But the German troops ate steadily re
ceiving reinforcements and have given
unmistakable Indication of their Inten
tion to winter at Peking. It is unlikely,
therefore, that the appeal of the Emperor
for the withdrawal of foreign troops will
be heeded.
While the Chinese Government has de
clined to accede to the request of the
powers to resume its seat in Peking It is
continuing its policy of punishing the re-
LONDON, Oct. 9.— The Times publishes
a. report that Emperor Nicholas recently
decided to call the Russian troops from
Manchuria after Mukden has been occu
pied.
To Withdraw Prom Manchuria.
HONGKONG. Oct. S.— The district of
Fatschan Is In an uproar and anti-for
eign placards are being liberally posted.
A plot has been discovered to destroy all
the missions. The Viceroy has sent
troops to the spot.
Plot to Destroy Missions.
Count von Waldersee's headquarters
will be the buildings in the Imperial pleas
ure grounds outside the purple city.
PEKIXG. Oct. 8.— General YamaguchT
will retain 10.000 Japanese troops, 20CG c£
them at Peking and the others at'TaKt:
and along the line of communication.
Eight thousand Germans will pass the
winter in Peking, and 1S00 Russians. Tha
number of British troops who will be re
tained has hot yet been decided. Sir Al
fred Gaselee will probably keep a brigade.
The allies are storing supplies for six
months.
Last Six Months^
Before withdrawing the Chinese looted
and fired the city. The Russians cap
tured numerous modern suns and Im
mense stores of war materials.
TROOPS REMAINING AT PEKING.
Allied Forces Storing Supplies to
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. S.-The Rus
sian general stall has received an offi
cial dispatch confirming the reported oc
cupation of Mukden. Lieutenant General
Subbovitch entered the city OiStober 1. Ho
advanced from Old Newshwangr on Sep
tember 24 with eleven battalions of In
fantry, two squadrons of Cossack cavalry
and forty guns and after fighting two en
gagements routed the Chinese army on
September 27.
Many Guns and Immense Stores.
Defeated the Chinese and Captured
RUSSIANS OCCUPIED MUKDEN".
"Five thousand Triads," says a dis
patch to the Daily Teiegraph from Can
ton, dated October 7, "have defeated tha
Imperial troops and occupied several
places between Mirs Bay and Deep Bay.
They are now moving southward. Tha
Viceroy to-day dispatched Admiral Ho
and General Tong to oppose them."
LONDON, Oct. 9.— The Shanghai corre
spondent of the Times, wiring October 7,
says: "It is reported that French troops
hold Lukochio. on the Luhan Railway-.
The Russians and Germans hold the Pel
tans forts and have also taken Tongshan
and the Kaiplng mines, thus monopoliz
ing the coal supply In North China. It
was expected that Count Von "Waldersea
would maintain an even balance between
the powers, whereas the actual result of
the operations place all the strategic posi
tions In the hands of other nations. A
strong feeling prevails that the situation
Is becoming dally moro gloomy."
an Even Balance of the Powers.
Von Waldersee Has Not Maintained
Chemulpo dispatches give news of the
murder of Mr. Bland, employed at an
American mine, by twenty-five Koreans
from an adjoining mine.
SITUATION IS MOBS GI.00HX.
The Nagasaki Press announces tha
death of Bertrand Ragsdale. eldest son
of J. W. Ragsdale. United States Consul
at Tientsin. The deceased has been ailing
some time and his illness was aggravated
by hardships he had undergone at Tien
tsin.
VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 8.— Rev. Dy
mond. who reached Hongkong from Tun
nan-Fu, says: "It Is an open secret that
the French have designs on Yunnan prpv
ince. They Induced a priest by offer of
a large sum of money to rent a temple,
but he was driven out. Recent riots -wera
brought on by a movement of the French.
Consul General Francois arrived at Yun
nan-Fu In June with twenty-five French
men, and on the Chinese mandarin's re
monstrating at the Illegality of their car
rying arms the Frenchmen pointed revol
vers at the heads of the officials. Ths
affair caused great excitement and finally
led to riots. On June 10 the rioters at
tacked the French yamen, and had It not
been for a cordon of Chinese soldiers
guarding It Francois would have been
killed. The French engineer's house, a
cathedral and some mission buildirso
were destroyed at that time ar.d some na
tive Christians killed.
Provoked Riots.
Actions of the. French That Have
"The Chinese Telegraph Company,
which Is Immensely rich, wishes to trans
fer its Interests to foreigners, fearing that
the property will be seized as Indemnity
by the powers."
DESIGNS ON YUNNAN PROVINCE
From Its Shanghai correspondent tha
Frankfurter Zeltung has received, the fol
lowing:
The Boersen Zeltung regards IT. Del
caase's note as "a wedge driven Into tha
recently re-established harmony of the
powers."
voicing the credentials cf Prince Chins
and Ii Hung Chang."
Without claiming any official authority
for 1U attitude the Tageblatt comments
favorably upon a proposal to declare Em
peror Kwang Su deposed.
The Berliner Post considers that tha
latest news "shows that the Chines©
court neither Intends to return to Pe
king nor to punish the guilty adequately."
Special Dispatch to The Call. "7?
Refusal of China's Emperor to Re
turn to Peking Will Cause
Further Delay in the
Settlement.
GRAVE DANGER
OF PEACE PLANS
BEING CHECKED
SAN. FEANCISCO V TUEOTAY, ;OCTOBERil9,: 1900.; 1
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 131.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLCOLLAPSE OF FLOOR IN
RUSSIAN MONASTERY
MEMBERS OF EXECUTIVE "
BOARD OF NO. 1 DISTRICT
(SCRANTON), UNITED MINE .
WORKERS.
Continued From Page One
Congressman Loud afldresses'-the young
men at Metropolitan Tempi* , to-night
Those who are fond of traveling (and who U
not) will hail with delleht the n«wi oJ a direct
etcamahlp roate to Tahiti. Thie charmtax land
hae until now been accessible only by slow
6*ll!n« veineli, but m November 1st the pppu-
Ur ctrarakhlp Auctralla will sail direct, mak
ing- the trip In 10V4 days. A reduced round
trip rate he» been made for the fint trip. Call
at tC Market street for sailing list. . '. •
Papeete the Beautiful.
Announces to Passenger Agents That
It Will Not Discontinue Ita
Excursions!
CHICAGO. Oct. 8.-The Great Northern
road to-day gave the Chicago westbound
lines to understand that It would not Ae
crease the number of Us low rate excur
»ions from Chicago to the far Northwest
Passenger officials of the Chicago "line;
met to consider the action of the Great
Northern, but were unable to reach n
satisfactory settlement, however, and left
the matter to be settled by the executive
officials, who will meet Thursday
It is Paid that oil of the .Chicago-St.
Paul lines will agree to a $5 one wav rato
from Chicago to St. Paul.
Cuban Customs Receipts.
•WASHINGTON. Oct. S.— The total cus
toms receipts for. the Island of Cuba dur
ing the first eight months of 1900 were
$10,072,029: as agahut J9.493.0S8 for the tame
period of 1899.
GREAT NORTHERN WILL
MAKE NO CONCESSIONS
Maximilian Hardin Must Spend Six
Months in a Fortress for Having
Displeased William.
BERLIN. Oct. 8.-MaxlmHlan Hardin
editor and publisher of the Zukunft has
been sentenced to six months' Impr'ison-
DrSns" CntUled " The Ba "l* Ihe
br-en widely circulated before the confis
cation of the Issue containing It conns
In November. 1S9S. Herr Hardin who Is
a well-known Socialist writer was s - n
tenced to six months' Imprisonment for a
series of articles in his paper in one n?
which. ."Pudel Majestat," he" comnaV^
Emperor William to a poodle prlS5? P ed
GERMAN EDITOR SENT TO
PBISON FOR I,£SE MAJESTE
Employment "Will Thus Be Given to
About Thirty-five Thousand
Mci
PITTSBURG. Oct. 8.-The American Tin
Plate Company will have in operation this
week twenty of Its tin plate plants out of
l?ir.l y " flvet BlvlnB employment 'o at least
SvSS wor . kniG , n - Th * «" P^te company
w?th£ y " <- a " °, ver 5 ' )000 workmen and
within a row week*. It is said, every plant
in the country will b e workinr Th»
Alonongahela mill of '.his cltv ih" Demn
»" r-'-ant and the one at New Keniffl?n
started to-day and the others wi 1 foTlow
as soon as possible. NVarlv every nlant
in the scs belt will commence to-n £ht
and by the end of the week every one of
canac?iv nty *'" b * ?**»H?« " "*
p^offlb^Ki fflj'ffl? the «-
TIN PLATE MILLS SHORTLY
WILL RESUME OPERATIONS
CHICAGO. Oct. 8.— The Presbyter/ of
ChicR»?o decided to-day to recommend to
the General Assembly the preparation of a
lupplerr.entary creed. The report of the
committee making the recommendation
wsi adopted by a vote cf 87 to IS after a
discussion lasting several hours.
Supplementary Creed.
Five Persons Killed and S«venty-
Five Injured in an Accident
at Karlsthor. •
HEIDELI3ERG, Transvaal Colony. Oct.
g. Five persons were killed and seventy
five injured in a railway collision at
Karlsthor. The ticcident was due to an
error In signaling. One official has been
arrested.
CARIXESSliESS OF OFFICIALS
CAUSES A TRAIN WRECK
llext.
CAPE TOWX. Oct. R.— The Boers now
©foupy Wepener. as well as Ilouxvllle and
yicksburff. in the Oranpe River colony,
ajid the British are attempting to sur
round them.
The Cape House of Assembly to-day
paesed to a second rea4!ni? a bill to raise
a loan of irr/rt.000 to Insure the immediate
payment of half the los.*es« sustained by
private persons through the war.
A proclamation «'f peace in South Africa
Is expected to be issued by Field Marshal
Roberts on Thursday next, that being the
anniversary of the declaration *«tf war.
Lord Roberts leaves at the end of the
month for England to assume his new du
ties as commander 1- chief of the British
army.
Proclamation of Peacs Will Probably
Be 'issued on Thursday
BRITISH SEEK TO SURROUND
BOEBS IN OEANOE COLONY
court-martial will convene to-morrow at
the r.aval academy to try six naval ca
<M? now under arrest and such others as
may be implicated in hazinp <adets. The
penalty ur.dc-r act of Congress. If con
victed ;¦ is dismissal from the service.
Thn accused cadets =.re Merlyn G. Cook
of Kanras. first class roan; William J.
Gile* of New York, third class man: John
g. AbJ>ott of WiFcon!»in. third c!a5s man:
George S. Radford of Michigan, thirl
class mar.; and William P. Reid of Ari
aora. third class man.
The accused had a fourth e]n«s man.
Cadet Dortch. in a room, where he was
made to ptand on his head. Ensign Book
waiter, in making an inspection, caush'.
the parties implicated \r. the act. The
member* of the court-martial are Com
mander J. Ek Morris. V. S. N.; LJeutpn
ent Corr.Tr:? rider 1^. B. Howard. V. S. N. :
Mfiitrnunt J. T>. Parker. V S. X.: and
lieutenant E. II. Campbell. U. S. N.
If Convicted. According to Statutes,
the Punishment Is Expulsion
From the Academy.
ANNAPOLIS. Md., Oct. S.-A funeral
CADETS TO STAND COTJKT
MAETIAL FOU HAZING
NEW YOKK. Oct. S.— District Attorney
Gardiner mad? a statement to-day con
cerninp the work done by his office to
solve th? mystery surrounding the death
oJ William R. Rice and thq checks with
his name attached.
"This matter." said the District Attor
ney, "was first brought to my attention
by the banking house of Swenson & Sons
through their counsel. Mr. Gerard. From
the information received from Mr. Gerard
it appeared that Patrick had presented a
cheek for J25.000, knowing Mr. Rice to be
dead and concealed the fact from the
banking: houso. and when they tried to
communicate with Mr. Rice owinp to the
ptisplcionB aroused by the check itself,
they were met by evasive answers over
the telephone by the valet, who at nrst
concealed the fact of the death of Mr.
Rice. Then they made further inquiries
and ascertaineo that the body had been
promptly embalmed with arsenoua fluid,
though Mr. nice had in his lifetime said
he was opposed to anythinp of that sort
and the funeral was boing hastened with
Intent to cremate the body. The situation
seemed to be one which required prompt
action and the detective lorce was Ira
mediately communicated with bv tele
phone and Mr. Gerard was Fent"for to
Pive all necessary information Coroner
Hart was called into the case and re
quested to prevent the funeral. Mean
while the brother of the deceased was
hastening from Texas.
"Last week Patrick called upon me with
his private counsel. Assistant District At
torney Iiik« was also present and the
conference lasred nearly an hour. In that
time Patrick's attention was called to a
number of very puspicious circumstances
particularly a? to the embalming of the
body with nrsenous fluid when it was
about to be cremated. He pave no exnla
nation of this, but admitted that a!l or
nearly all of Mr. Rice's property had been
a^lpned to him. The object of such as
sipnment he did not disclose.
"The question asked seem to cause him
12S2niu&?*&&. as his hand shook Pe£
ceptibly. which was noticed by both Mr
I neer and myself.
"I have seen a number of checks of Mr
™ oe drawn to the order of Patrick the
defendant, and two of them appear to ml
to^ bp clumsy forperies.
'The whole f-ubject will be thoroughly
K'S» tr^ "Pi only as to the cause of
the death of Mr. Rioe. but also as to this
remarkable series of proceedings
To me It seems tha,t there has been a
bu?k P of a Mr % ° J . )tain Possession of the
ouik of Mr. Rice s property
The henrincr en the charges of forperv
apainst- Patrick and Jones, which was to
have been held this afternoon was ad^
Journed until Monday next on the request
of counsel for the prisoners. re( ? u est
! 1-n.te this afternoon formal comDlaJnt
ag-ainst Patrick and Jones was md bv
of33£taJ3&£2 CUF f 6 the "^ndants
or hdUng forged the signature of W M
Sons. a e ° k f ° r ?2r '' 000 on Swenson &
Suspicious Circumstances That May
Uncover a Plot Where
in Murder Was
Done.
Accused of Having Forged
the Name of Millionaire
William Rice.
FORMAL CHARGE
AGAINST JONES
AND PATRICK
>;cxt tLtunday Solicitor General R:chards
cf the Department of justice «rfll submit
a motion relative to the Neely case, now
pending before the court on an appeal
irorn the <lec)?ion of Judge vvaua.ee or
»w York denying a writ of lial>ctis cor
vius. The motion probably will be made
to advance vhe case. The Department of
Justice is very anxious to procure a de
cision upon the main question involved,
viz., the constitutionality of tbe law un
der which it is propos-ed to extradite
Xeoly to Cuba. There is grave danRer
cf a dismiss: o{ tn<- appeal owing to the
difieronce ot opinion which exists as to
the legal status of Neely. The applica
tion for a writ of habeas corpus before
Judge Wallace was mad»r upon the theory
that Neely was then in the custody of
The United Slates Marshal under a pro
cess to be taken to Cuba. Judge Lacombe,
befcre whom vho original proceedings took
jilace. in^if ts that Neely was not in the
custody of the United States Marshal,
but was held OB an order of the court in
earjiishee iiroct-edings.
If the Supreme Court decides that he
¦was in the custody of the ITnited States
Marshal the court will be in a position to
pass upon the constitutionality of the law
and dispose of the matter. If not there
Jb no case i*efore the court ur.d the matter
•will have to tc disir.lFsed.
I'ndor a recent act of Cor.j;re<<5 Solicitor
General Richards will move for the dis
missal of tbe suit brought ajrainst the
State? of North Carolina. South Carolina.
Florida and Louisiana to recover the
nmoum* of certain bcr.ds issued by those
State* ar.d held by the United States. The
bond* were i<sru.-d before tha Civil War.
and the controversy over them is of lone
etendinjr. Th<? am n «r.t Involved If over
a million dollar*. The motion to dismiss
Is in accordance with the specific direc
tion Of CCJlRTCFP.
WASHINGTON. Oct. f.— The United
States Supreme Court convened to-day.
All of th«> member* of the court were
j>rcsfnt oxc-rt Justice Gray an* Jusiice
MoICenr.a. who are absent at Virginia
8rrlnps. Ch'.ff Justice Fuller announced
that no motions except those for admis
sion to practice before the court would be
mtmtalaed to-day, tut that the docket
¦wouia bo «-al!«-d to-day. About twenty
lawyers from tfce various States v.-«-rt- ad
xciueil to practice. Tte. session lasied
only seven minute*.
Tfie numbir of cases on the calendar at
the orx>r:i;ig of the court to-tlay was 437,
154 having b€«a added tiuriti^; tne recess.
This :s tWfrnt> -three mur*- ti^an were en
the calendar .a liie opening of the court
A Very Important Point in the
Neely Case Is Soon
to Be Passed
Upon.
All of the Justicss except
McKenna and Gray
Present
SUPREME COURT
RECONVENES IN
WASHINGTON
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 8. — Harry- S. Knappen, a newspaper
man, returned to-day from a perilous trip to the Hudson Baycoun
try in which, with nine white men and eight Indians, he sailed
600 miles up the east shors of the great inland sea. Mr. Knap
pen was assured by Eskimos whom he met that a "skyboat" had
come in the region on the extreme northeast shore of the bay two
years ago, that it cams to the ground, and that the savag-ss who
inhabit that country had killed the white men in it. This, he ex
plains, "vrr.s Andree's ill-starred expedition.
SAVAGES KILLED THE
MEN IN A "SKYBOAT"
Story Regarding the Proba
ble Fate of Andree's 111-
Starred Expedition..
Dennis M. Blackmere, Accused by a
Young Girl, Shoots Himself in
the Head.
BENNINGTON. Vt.. Oct. 8.-In the
municipal courtroom to-day Dennis M
Blackmere. who was being arraigned on
wound which will undoubtedly caus/ his
TRAGIC DEED OF AN
AGED PRISONER IN COURT
Baltimore and Ohio Railway Com
pany to Add to Its Rolling
Stock.
CHICAGO. Oct. S.-Arranfrements for
buildlns 3000 freight cars for the Balti
more and Ohio Railroad by the Pullman
Company at Pullman, 111., were completed
to-day. The contract calls for 2300 box
cars, each with a capacity of 60 »»
pounds, and 500 . flatcars. The total e'n*t
of the rolling stock will be SI.S65 000
This is the second lars?e order forfreleht
equipment given by the Baltimore and
Ohio management within the la<<t wp««k
co h 3 e t n $53MfiSr was fot 600 ° steel '««».£
BIO ORDEH PLACED FOR
BUILDING FBEIGHT CARS
To Be Presented by H. I,. Boas to the
Famous Commander of the
Allied Forces.
J. T. Fairley of the firm of S. T. Har
binson & Co., Eastern horse dealers ar
rived in this city Saturday evening, hav
ing made a special trip to this coast in
charge of two fine Kentucky thorough
bred horses destined for the use of Count
von Waldersee, commander in chief of the
allied forces in China. The animals were
purchased by E. L». Boas, a high offlclil
in the North German Lloyd Steamship
Company, who intends to present them
to the famous commander.
The horses are sorrel and black Reldinir*
sixteen hnnds high, and were selected bv
a noted Eastern judge of horses Th^v
are direct from Lexlnsrton. Ky., and werk
shipped across the continent in a special
car. The purchase price of the handsome
animals was $1000 each. They will be
shipped to the Count next week.
BLOOD HORSES FOR
COUNT VON WALDEESEE
dike Holdings.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 8.— A recent
order issued by Assistant Gold Commis
sioner Bell at Dawson is of a sweeping
nature, as it empowers him to put up at
public auction evcrythinK In the- shape of
a mining claim or mining prospect not
otherwise owned than by the Govern
ment, and If such property Is not sold at
the regular monthly auction day in No
vember, which is the 2d of that month,
it will all be open to location by duly ac
credited miners having regularly issued
licenses. In this list will be included
those claims and fractions on Bonanza
El Dorado and Hunker creeks which were
advertised some months ago to be sold
at auction, but which were withdrawn
Just before the day of sale. It is not
probable that the last batch" of claims
and fractions mentioned will be offered
at the October sale or until November
While It Is not yet possible for Mr. Bell
nor any of the employes of the Golil
Commissioner's pfflce to arrive at anv
thlng- like an accurate conclusion as "to
the number of claims which ¦ the new
order will dispose of. either by auction or
location, an employe of the office said
that on the various main creeks he be
lieved the number of new claims will be
from 5000 to C000. and. with the various
puns, gulches ami* other- tributaries. It
may run up to over 8000. ; 4'
Klondike Miner Drowned.
SEATTLE. Oct. 8.-Dawson advices re
port the drowning In the Yukon ot S. A.
Tonne, a well-known Klondike miner.
Tonne and his partner." Thomas Allison,
were building a raft six miles above
Ogllvie when the former slipped and fell
into the river. A swift current carried
him down to death, despite the efforts of
Allison to save him. Tonne was a native
of Fairmount, Minn.
Cornerstone Laid.
BERLIN. Oct. 3.— The Cologne Volks
Zeltung announces the laying of the cor
nerstone "of a Roman Catholic church 'on
a site presented by, Emperor "William.
Supreme Court in Session.
LOS ANGELE8, Oct. 8.-The ; Supre^
Canadian Government -Will Permit
Miners to. Locate on Its Klon-
THOUSANDS OF CLAIMS
TO BE THROWN OPEN
MAECHEES ARE ASSAILED.
Roughs Try to Break Up a Republi
can Parade and Several Men
Are Injured. -
CHICAGO Oct. 8.— Bloodshed followed
in the trall'of Chauncey Depew and h'B
three-mile escort of Republican marching
clubs to-night. Just as the last company
In line turned the corner of Sedgewick
street and Chicago avenue it was charged
on by an organized gang of men who. hail
concealed themselves in the dark recesd
of art unlisted alley. The rioters were
repulsed finally by the marchers, but not
until four or five of the Republican
marchers had been injured, some of them
ql The 'most. U seriously Injured were: Mlch
riel Ball found on the street unconscious
after the struggle: nose broken, eye cut.
three teeth knocked out, struck on head
with a brick; taken to the hospital.
George Hughes, picked up unconscious,
having been struck on the head with a
navinc block, slight contusion of the skull.
Captain Maurice Wollman. struck onthe
back of the head. and stunned. Robert
Lang, knocked down and injured about
the body by being stepped on.
Many others of the marchers were more
or less hurt and their uniforms ruined.
The men who precipitated the- riot
escaped. . ...•'..
Senator Depew spoke under the auspices
EAST ST. LOUIS. 111.. Oct. 8.-Bryan
and Roosevelt shook hands across the po
litical chasm to-night at Alton. Their
private cars came alongside in the yards.
Each stepped upon the platform and rec
ognized the other at once.
"Hello. Billy." said Teddy, thrusting
3 Teddy." quoth Billy.' grabbing
Roosevelt's extended hand and shaking \i
vigorously. "How is your voice?" |
••It's rough as a Populist platform; how
Js yours, Colonel Bryan?" laughed Roost-
V " l Mlne is as broken as Republican prom
ises." retorted the Nebraskan. laughing,
tO T*ben everybody laughed and' cheered,
the Democrats with Bryan, shouting
••Hurrah" for him and Roosevelt s fol
lowers yelling for McKinley. The meet
ing came wholly by char.M and was ao
cheerful as it was picturesque.
The Bryan special train stood on a side
? rack to let the Roosevelt special pags.
The former was bound from East St.
Louis for Alton and the lntter from Alton
to East St. Louis. As the trains came
alongside each other. a stop of several
minutes was made.
ROOSEVELT AND BRYAN MEET.
Pleasantries Exchanged. When Their
Specials Came Together.
was being switched about, yelling madly
for him and demanding a speech. When
the car came to a standstill there was a
general rush for the platform where Mr.
Bryan stood, with renewed demands for
a speech. This demand Mr. Bryan de
cllned to respond to beyond explaining
whv he cculd not apeak. He said: . ...
"The Republican candidate for the Vice
Presidency is announced to speak here to
night. It is his night and I don't wish
to interfere in any way with his meeting.
No political party has any chance before
the people unless its speakers can have
an opportunity to present the issues from
their party standpoint. I have had my
chance here; you have heard me. I want
you now to listen to the other side, and
when you have heard from that side as
you have from ours. I want you to de
cide between us as to what your duty Is.'
The crowd cheered the brief speech lust
ily and demanded a handshake. Mr.
Bryan grasped as many outstretched
hands as he could reach and then told
the crowd to hold up their hands and
that he would shake with them all at
once. A thousand hands went up and
Mr Bryan waved his hand to them.
There was also a big crowd at Granite
City between East St. Louis and Alton,
and Mr. Bryan talked to them for about
five minutes on the general Issues of the
M* East St. Louis Mr. Bryan's daughter.
Miss Ruth, who is attending school near
St. Louis, joined him and rode to Alton
with him. _
NEW YORK, Oct. S.— Democratic con
ventions for the nomination of Congres
sional candidates In the five, districts,
borough of Brooklyn, were held to-night
and resulted as follows: Second Dlstrlc*
John T. FitzReraUl: Third District. Ed"
mund H. Drigfrs; Fourth. B. L. Clayton:
Fifth Frank E. Wilson: Sixth. George
ti. Llndsey.
Nominated for Congress.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.— Twenty-five hundred
workmen employed in the shops .of tho
Pullman Company assembled In Market
Hall In Pullman when they finished work
this evening and for forty-five minutes
listened to a speech by National Republi
can Chairman Marcus A. Hanna. Mr.
Hanna talked at length of the Mclvinley
administration. Senator Hanna was ac
companied by several local Republican
leaders and a delegation from Pullman,
which had come to Chicago to escort him.
Hanna Talks to Workmen.
"The report Is fiction, as I never made
such a statement, nor have I ever enter
tained such a view."
Denied by Gorman:
WASHINGTON. Oct. 8.— Ex-Senator
Gorman of Maryland to-day authorized
an absolute denial of published reports
that he had resigned from the Demo
cratic National Committee and from the
other political committees on which he Is
a member. Regarding published state
ments that he had Informed ex-Governor
Stone of Missouri, that Bryan had.no
chance of election and he (Gorman) was
tired of the whole campaign, Mr. Gorman
said:
of the Marquette Club, a strong Repub
lican organization. The club had erected
a large tent at North Clark street and
North avenue, capable of seating 4000 peo
ple, a.nd it was completely filled.
Among such an excellent ca»: compari
sons would be invidlcus. but special men
tion must 'be made of Katherine Barry's
Nankl Poo and Maggie Olsen's Poo Bah
Edna Walsh. Daisy Daniels and Addle
Daniels as the three little maids from
school captured the hearts of the audi
ence. The chorus also deserves great
credit for its share— no inconsiderable one
— In the successful performance.
St. Rose's Academy, for which the en
tertainment was Riven, is conducted by
the Dominican Sisters at 1605 Scott street
between Post and Sutter. * '
The opera, stape managed by the Rev
Father Jones of St. Dominic's, was ad
mirably mounted, and the young vocalists
filled their roles with the assurance of
veterans.
One of the season's cleverest amateur
productions of comic opera was the per
formance of "The . Mikado" given in
Franklin Hall, at Fillmore and . Bush
streets, last night by the St. Dominic Ju
nior Choir for the benefit of St. Hose's
Academy.
OTTAWA. Ont., Oct. 8.— An order In
council was passed and approved at a
Cabinet meeting to-day ' dissolving, the
Dominion Parliament. A proclamation
to this effect will be Issued to-morrow
Nominations will take place on October
31 and the election on November 7.
«
"MIKADO" SUNG BY THE
CHOIB OF ST. DOMINIC'S
Youngsters Give a Splendid Perform
ance of the Comic Opera Classic
in Franklin Hall.
Ottawa Parliament Ends.
GTI.ROY, Oct. 8^-The trustees of the
Odd Fellows' Orphans' Home made their
regular visit of inspection to the home on
Saturday and. held a business session. It
is the intention of tile board to build a
hospital ward for the care of children
with contagious diseases. There are
forty-flve children at the home.
Hospital "Ward for Orphans.
Court met here this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Fifteen motions were submitted on briefs.
To-morrow applicants for admission to
practice law will be examined, and on
Wednesday the court, sitting in bank, will
take up the regular calendar.
GREAT THRONGS MEET AND GREET
GOVERNOR THEODORE ROOSEVELT
of the strike may be somewhat delayed
None of the operators who could be seei
here to-day would have anything to sa:
EVANSVILLE, Ind., Oct. 8.— Flr« at
Howell, a suburb of this city, to-day
caused $50,000 damage.
Damaged by Fire.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 8.—Presi
dent Mitchell Issued his call to
day for the much-talked-of mjn
ers' convention to consider the
operators' offer of a ten per cent_
lncrease in wages. The convention will bfl"
held In Scranton and will open on Friday
night. Representation" in the convention
will be on ihe basis of one delegate with
a vote for every 100 persons on strike.
It is the general expectation that the
decision of the convention will be to ac
cept the Increase and return to work.
Quietness prevailed throughout the an
thracite regions to-day, the call for the
convention being generally accepted as a
signal of cessation of hostilities all
around. There were many expressions of
satisfaction by miners and operators and
by merchants and others In the mining
section to-day over the prospect of an
early settlement of the troubles.
To-day completed the th.rd week since
the strike went officially into effect.
The miners will have parades and mass
meetings at Shamokin to-morrow and at
Scranton on Wednesday. President Mit
chell will be in attendance 'and Is ex
pected to Fpeak at both places. .
HAZLETON, Pa.. Oct. 8.-The Issuing of
the call, to-day by President Mitchell of
the United Mine Workers of America for
a joint convention of the anthracite min
ers to be held at Scranton beginning next
Friday for the purpose of deciding
whether to accept or to reject the 10 per
cent net increase in wages offered by the
operators is a long stride in the direction
of bringing the great coal miners' strike
to a close.
It is expected the convention will not be
a long one and it is expected that the
strikers will almost unanimously accept
the advance in wages. There Is, however,
a possibility that by the introduction of a
proposition to abolish the sliding scale
and another to have the operators agree
to a yearly wage contract, the termination
In regard to the convention call.
HARRISBURG. Pa.. Oct. 8.— Two thou
sand miners participated in a parade at
Wllliamstown to-night. About half this
number came from Lykens, where the col
lieries are i*i-> About 300 men at Wll
liamstown \vent on strike " to-day and
more are expected to remain out to-mor
row. Trouble Is feared to-morrow, as the
strikers seem determined to accomplish
the closing of the Willlamstown mines.
Sheriff Reiff has a large number of dep
uties on the ground.
SPRINGFIELD, ill., Oct. 8.— State Sec
retary-Treasurer Ryan of the United
Mine Workers of America has notified the
operators of mines In other places having
agents in Decatur that they must not
ship any coal into Decatur until further
notice after filling what orders they now
have, basing his notice on a claim that
members of the miners' union in Decatur
are not making living wages and that
most of the mines have been Idle over
half the time and that part have not been
in operation at all. Some of the operators
are inclined to right Ryan's order, for
that is what It amounts to. and there may
be trouble.
WILKESBARPvE, Pa.. Oct. 8.-Meetlngs
of local assemblies of the United Mine
Workers were held in many places
throughout the country to-night and
President Mitchell's circular calling a
convention to meet at Scranton on Friday
was read. • Sentiment seems to be grow
ing in this section that the convention will
vote for a settlement of the strike on the
basis of a 10 per cent increase in wages.
The grievance committee representing
the engineers and firemen on the Wyo
ming division of the Lenten Valley Rail
road have returned from New York,
¦where they conferred with the officials of
the road regarding certain grievance^
which the men have long complained of.
The members of the committee say that
the officers of the read promised to
redress the grievances complained of.
It Is understood . that the engi
neers and firemen of the big mogul
engines will be granted an increase of
wastes. Conductors on coal and freight
trains will also be given an Increase of
pay.
Damaging Testimony Given Against
the Defendant by the For
mer Secretary of
Taylor.
* ' —
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Oct. 8.— The Jury
for the trial of Henry Youtsey for alleged
complicity In the Goebel assassination
was completed to-day. Attorney Bradley
made the statement to the jury lor the
commonwealth.
Colonel Crawford, for the defense,
moved to discharge the jury on the
ground, first, that the jury Is not com
posed of bystanders, but summoned from
remote parts of the county; second, that
the Jurymen are all Democrats, and as
the crime charged Involves politics to a
large extent the defendant cannot expect
a fair and Impartial trial from such a
jury. Youtsey filed affidavits in support
of the motion.
The motion was denied by the court. :
McKenzIe Todd. private secretary of W.
S. Taylor in January, testified:
"On Saturday. January 27. my atten
tion was called to Youtsey by Treasurer
Day In the reception-room of the Secre
tary of State. He was sitting by the mid
dle window, a gun in his hand. I had
just entered the room. I had seen some
armed men in the hall and they s-aid there
was trouble In the Legislature. Later in
the day I saw him in Caleb Powers* pri
vate office with a gun, sitting by the win
dow. The window was raised a little and
the curtain pulled down. I asked him
what he was doing with 1,he gun. He
gaid: 'There Is trouble up there.* pointing
to the legislative building. 'I do not In
tend to start any trouble, but if it startd
I will be prepared for it.' He pulled back
a long board standing against the wail,
disclosing some guns, and said to me:
"They aay Powers Is a brave man. but
when there are signs of trouble he hides
his guns.'
"After that Powers himself came in and
Youtsey again said . he would not start
anything, but was prepared for trouble.
I told him he ought not to think of shoot
inE- out of a window and Youtsey said.
•Oh, that's all right. It will never be
done.' I left Powers and Toutsey In there
when I came out. I saw Youtaey again
Monday morning before Goebel was shot.
He was out in the main hall near the west
door of the legislative building. Caleb
Powers was present and Youtsey asked
me If we had any chance to win the con
test. When I told him the attorneys wer,e
hopeful he seemed satisfied and walked
toward his office. I was in my office
next to the Governor's when the shot
was fired. Some one said a man was
shot. I looked out and saw a man lying
on the pavement with Colonel Jack Chlnn
near him.
"When I went Into Powers private
office the day Youtsey was in there the
door was locked and I knocked to get in.
About ten minutes after the shooting I
saw Youtsey in my office, which is the
reception-room to the Governor's office.
I heard him say nothing and saw him
have no arms."
Tedd was not cross-examined by the
defense.
Frank H. Johnson, who •was Deputy
State Auditor in January, said he had a
conversation with Youtsey prior to Janu
ary 30, and while he recalled the talk
rather indistinctly he remembered that
Youtsey said something about feeling ag
grieved at Senator Goebel over some mat
ter about which he said Goebel had mis
treated him. •
The defense declined to cross-examine
Johnson, who was afterward recalled by
the prosecution and said that after the
shooting he called up all the clerks in
the Auditor's office and asked them their
exact whereabouts at the time of the
shooting; that when he asked Youtsey
where he was Youtsey said: "I was in a.
safe place."
Witness said a week or ten days later
he asked Youtsey again where he .was
when the shot was fired and he told him
that he was in the basement of the ex
ecutive building.
Ed Steffle, the telegraph, messenger,
said he saw a gun barrel sticking out of
Powers' office window a second or two
after the shot was fired. The gun wad
withdrawn a second later.
Ed Porter Thompson Jr., who was op
posite the east entrance to the executive
building when the shots were flred. ?aid
a minute after the shooting he saw Yout
sey run around the executive building
from the basement entrance and up the
steps and go In the east entrance.
J *B. Mathews. Assistant Secretary of
State under Powers, said Youtsey came
into his office about a minute after the
shooting with a pistol in his hand. Somo
ten minutes after the shootine Mathews
broke open the transom and climbed into
Powers' office, where he saw a rifle lving
on the floor near the west front window.
another leaning against the wall and a
carbine In the southeast corner next to
the bookcase. He said that after Yout
sey was arrested he told him that he
knew the front window of Powers' office
was not raised, but was bolted down, on
January 30.
Wade Watts and Louis Smith, keepers
of the toilet room in the basement, told
of seeing Youtsey run through their room
a few seconds after the shooting. Court
adjourned until to-morrow.
Motion Made by the Defense
to Discharge the Jury
Is Denied.'
YOUTSEY'S TRIAL
IS COMMENCED
IN KENTUCKY
VIGO. Spain, Oct. 8.— Fresh disorders
have occurred as a result of the Indus
trial rivalry between the fishermen ot tnla
neighborhood and those of Cangaa, prov
ince of Pontevedra, who. as already ca
bled fired on the Spanish gunboat Vasco
ICunez de Balboa as that vessel was leav
ing the port Saturday, wounding many
persons, and also attacking the naval
commandant of the port. The latest dis
turbances have resulted In numbers of
men being: wounded and In a fishing boat
being burned at Cangas. The Va3co Nu
nez de Balboa has seized seven fishing
boats.
Number of Men Wctmded and Seven
Boats Seized by the Cruiser Vasco
Nunez de Balboa.
FRESH DISORDERS AMONG
FISHERMEN NEAR VIGO
death. Mr. Blackmere la a well-known
resident of Bennlngton. is 60 years of age
and married. He was a member of the
First Vermont Cavalry during the Civil
War and was formerly adjutant general
of the G. A. R. of Vermont.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1900,
President Mitchell Issues a Call for the Convention
to Consider Operators' Offer.
STRIKING COAL MINERS ARE
EXPECTED TO RESUME WORK
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 8. — Five thousand pilgrims assem
bled at the St. Nikander monastery, in the Porkhoff district, for a
religious festival. During the night one of th* upper floors col
lapsed and many of those sleeping there fell upon those below. A
panic was caused by a false alarm of fire, and four men and thirty
six women were crushed to death, many others being seriously in
jured. /•* ' .
Panic Among Pilgrims and
Forty Persons Crushed
to Death.
2
APVKRTISSMTENTS.
WINTER RESORTS.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money lr It fails to cur*
E. w. Grove a signature li on each box. 25c *
To Cure a Cold In One Day
/ g^
[rf 6 PATENTS*'
VANCOUVER. Oct. 8 -United States Consul
Dudley has received a dispatch, from Washimr
ton to the efTect that In 1S3S Congress ma "e an
appropriation for a station for the propagation
of rockeye salmon on some tributary of the
Fraser niver. but this was abandoned and Z
station «-Ftabltn<?<l on the Skajfit River. At thi.
station last year over 12.000.000 fry were hatch"<i
and Planted and as the Skairit flows dlrectlv
Into Puget Sound, It Is believed that even if
the fish captured by American fishermen are
en route for the Fraser River this station un-
doubtedly wlllbe an important factor in keen
ing up the supply. . :. ¦ • -
LADIES- ONIA 3 *
CORRECTS MOST OBSTIHATE CASES IBHECUIAB1TIES
Absolutely if liable, hamlet*, pain!***; plain wrap*
per*. »*curely parked. pric» list. Tmi ON1.V
REMEDY CO.. 380 Phel&a Bldz.. Saa Franclsec Cat.
J. Mannon.wlll arraign the Democratl-
party as the party of opposition to-nie*>r
at Metropolitan Temple. 5IU
The beat «Tldenc» of the popularity of
these hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of thoae who on soma previous
occasion hava made them thetr head-
quarter* when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passacaway and
operated under one management on th*
American and European plan. '
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
|¥BEHY 'S HEALTHFUL! f
? SJ A Natural Mineral Wata? *
O SJa **th rnecSIcfnal qualities. O
o ' J|||&, Or and o
0 £*-f^§L Stoiaaci Disorders, o
1 jfefca^ s<>ca "ed VICHY*
? 2£§!£pX IN SIPHONS %
|PIl lip WCHYl
? . >V^£^?§ Get the Germlna %
? - - -
o a. V1GN1ER. Distributing Aserrt*
TEETH EXTRACTED AND STLLED AB-
SOLUTELY "WITHOUT PAIN, by our la.te sci-
entific method applied to the puna. No aleep-
producing mzent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors in San
Franctsco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and inKr»<1ienm to extract, fill and apply sold
crowns and porcelain crowna undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years,
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
te«>th J5; a perfect fit iroaranteed or no pay.
Ool.l rrownn. 15. Gold filllnga. $1. Silver fill.
Inn. BOc AH work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years" experience, and
each department in chance or a >peeiallit. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly as
we advertise. We will tell you In advance ex-
actly what your work will co«t by a FREB EX-
AMINATION. .;.--- --¦¦
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANClSCa
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. Or.
BRANCH SEATTLE. "WASH
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
'. A?ocittvct7 enred by tbeso
little Pills.
Tley also rulieve Distress from DjuaqafcW
Indigestion sod Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rexntdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drcwsi.
ness, Bad Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Poxely Vegetable. i
Smaa Pin* Small Dcso.
iSrneH Piles*'
S10K ffiADAOHE
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The. Carlsbad, ot America, la now open for tb*
winter season. Address C. T. BOMIK. Paraia*
Springs. C*L
BARTERSRansom C. Van Fleet, forcible and elo
quent, will speak on""Loglo of the Span
ish-American War" to-night at Metropol
itan Temple, ¦¦ . ...:
Sullivan Gets Decision.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Oct. 8.— Dave Sulli
van outpointed Oscar Gardner for four
teen rounds of what was to have been a
twentv-round tout before the Nonpareil
Athletic Club to-night. Gardner refused
to go on for the fifteenth round, claiming
a foul, which the referee refused to al
low. The Teferee then gave the decision
to Sullivan. ,
Colonel Lancaster Interred.
Mills Resume Operations.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 8.— The remains of
Lieutenant Colonel James Lancaster,
Third Artillery, who died at Fort Monroe.
Va Friday evening, were interred' In Ar
lington Cemetery at noon to-day with full
military honors. The tollowing promo
tions have resulted In the military arm
of the service by the death of Lieutenant
Colonel Lancaster: Major James Ingalls,
Elfth ArtUlery, to be lieutenant colonel
/f Third Artillery; Captain A. M. Hodges,
Fifth Artillery, to be major of the Fifth
Artillery- ¦
READING, Pa., Oct. 8.— The Reading
Iron Company puddlers have accepted $3
a ton, a reduction' from $4, and all mills
resumed to-day after a brief strike.
Jhe Pay's Dead !
George B. Blanchard.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.— George R. Blanch
ard, former commissioner of the Joint
Traffic Association, died at his home in
this city after an Illness of several weeks
from a complication of diseases, including
nervous prostration and erysipelas.
Mr. Blanchard was 59 years old. He had
been a railway man all his life. He be
gan as a clerk In 1S59 lnthe'employ of the
Cincinnati and Chicago road. lie was
subsequently connected with the Ohio and
Mississippi, the Central Ohio, the Balti
more and Ohio and the Erie roads be
coming vice president of the Erie In' 18S4.
He became a commissioner of the Cen
tral Traffic Association and then chair
man in 18i»6. and was given charge of the
Joint Traffic Association until It was dis
solved. He was regarded as one of the
highest authorities on railway rates In
the country.
During the Spanish wnr Mr. Blanchard
gave the Government the benefit of his
knowledge of transportation, but Ive de
clined a brigadier generalship tendered
him by the President. He waa called on
by railroads all over the country for px-
p S rt J . a . dvice and to act as arbiter in case
of differences, owing to his extensive
knowledge of railroad affairs. He was a
forceful and entertaining writer.
Arthur C. Armstrong.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.-Arthur. C. Arm
strong, one of the founders of Scrlbner's
Magazine and one of the oldest publishers
in the' city, died at ht P country home at
Stamford, Conn., to-night, aged 71 years
LABOREBS TO WOBK ON
THE ECUADOR RAILWAY
First Batch of One Thousand Jamai-
# cans Beach Colon in
Transit.
COLON. Colombia. Oct. 8.— The first
batch of 1000 of the 5000 Jamaican laborers
engaged by J. P. McDonald, the con
tractor, to work on the Guayaquil-Unlto
(Ecuador) Railroad arrived here to-day
in transit, accompanied by a representa
tive of the Jamaican Government, who
will act as their protector. The men are
engaged for two years' service. They are
to receive 60 cents per day and free lodg
ing, 1 hospital and medical attendance.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ir.d.. Oct. %.— Eddie
McDuffl» won the 2'»-mile motor-paced
match race here to-me;ht at Newby oval
in 22:2*5 1-F. beating Johnny Nelson of Chi
cagt) an eighth of a ml!e.
LEXINGTON. Ky.. Oct. 8.— James Gat
romb. the not»-d driver employed by
Thomas W. Lawson. while working out
Flrft Love to-day collided with Frank
Creamer. In the fall which resulted the
muscle* in his side were torn loose and a
hemorrhace from the lungs resulted. His
Injuries are Berious.
Eddie McDuSe Wins
lides With Frank Creamer.
While "Working Out First Love Col-
DB.IVEB, GATCOHB INJTJPwED.
In rae!nsr only hor«ps bred In France.
Mr. Vanderbllt ¦will comply with the re
quirements cf The French Government
that In the most value Me "Stakes only
horses bred In Frnnce are eligible.
NVxt year Mr. Vanderbilt will put a
of racers on the French turf. Sev
eral years ago he purchased a number of
brood marc? from Pierre Lorillard and
had them shipped to France, where li»
has an extensive stud. These mares were
1>re<3 to Bom" of the most speedy sires in
France and Erclarcd. and it is their pro
duct which v.ill carry the Vanderbilt
Cnlnr«.
ilcJOYNT TO RIDE IN
FSANCE FOB VANDERBIXT
Millionaire Engages the Jockey at a
N'KTV TORK. Oct. 8.— William K. Vati
<?orb!lt to-<3.".y at Morris Park engaged
Jockey McJoynt to ride his horses in
Fmnce. McJoynt's salary has not been
made public, hut he Is a fairly grood rider
;.:.1 could hardly be secured for less than
nO,000 .1 year, particularly if he had to
pi to France.
Princely Salary to Go Across
the Water.
Hay Have Yellow Fever.
HAVANA. Oct. 8.— Martin C. Fosney.
Acting Director General of Posts, was re
moved to-day to Las Animas Hospital,
suffering. It Is believed, from yellow fever.
Withdraw Opposition.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.— Aa the result of a
number of conferences the Chicago Build
ing Contractors have decided not to op
pose the formation of a new central labor
body, provided the various trades engaged
In the construction of buildings withdraw
from the present building trades coun
cil. The one thing that the union men
have held out fOT during a period of
more than eight weary months Is. their
right to a central organization.
Root's Health Improved.
WASHINGTON. Oct. S.— Secretary Root,
•who for some weeks past has been ill at
his Long Island home, is expected back
at his desk Wednesday. The Secretary Is
reported to be In Improved health.
Bank Examiner Testifies.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— The hearing in the
proceedings for the removal of J. F., W.
T. and E. H. Gaynor and Benjamin D.
Greene to the Jurisdiction of the Georgia
Federal courts, ¦which was resumed to
day before Commissioner Shields, was
taken up with the examination of Edwin
J. Johnson, a national bank examiner,
who prepared the elaborate tables of ac
counts for the Government In this case.
No new information was developed.
Accomplice of the Phoenix Park Mur
derer Is Again Taken Into
Custody.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 8.— James Fltzharris.
the Phoenix Park murderer accomplice,
known as "Skin the Goat," was rearrested
here last evening for falling to report
himself under the terms of his prison re
lease license. It is probable that he wul
only be temporarily detained.
SEARRESTED FOR FAILING
TO REPORT TO POLICE
Heavy Blow to the Australian
' Packing Industry.
BERLIN. Oct. 8.— This evening the
Vosslche Zeitung publishes a letter from
Krisbane asserting that the meat inspec
tion law, especially the prohibition as to
canned goods, has already proved a heavy
blow to the Australian packing industry,
in which Germans are heavily Interested
financially.
Prohibition as to Canned Goods a
INSPECTION BULL KEACTS
TJFON GERIIAN INTERESTS
Belong-ed to a Union.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. S.— Former Gen
eral Superintendent Sweigard of the Phil
adelphia and Reading Railroad was ar
raigned to-day before United States
Commissioner Bell on complaint of the
Brotherhood of Trainmen, charged with
violating the Federal law prohibiting the
discharge of employes of a railroad be
cause of their membership in a labor
union. Mr. Swelgard waived a hearing
and entered nominal ball for his appear
ance in court.
Mr. Sweigard was until shortly after
the big wreck on the Reading at Hatfield.
Pa., when fourteen persons were killed
and a largo number injured, the general
superintendent of the Reading Railway.
He resigned after the return of President
Harris from Europe. AVhile general sup
erintendent, the Brotherhood claims, he
discharged a number of employes because
of their membership in the organization.
A committee of the latter appeared be
fore United States Commissioner Hollau-l
and an investigation which followed re
sulted In Mr. Swelgard's arrest.
Charged With Having Discharged
Employes Merely Because They
F0R.MEE, RAILWAY OFFICIAL
IS* ARRAIGNED IN COURT
Young People Secretly Married.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— Richard H. "Wise, a
salesman In the employ of Clark. "Wise &
Co., music dealers of v San Francisco, waa
married to Edith Josephine Jloulton of
this city by Rev. Dr. E. K. Dille this even
ing.
The weddin? was In the nature of an
elopement, presumably because of the op
position of the parents of the young peo
ple.
After the ceremony 'Wise returned to San
Francisco, while the young bride Is said,
to have returned to the home of her par
ents. Tha bride Is the daughter of D. S.
Moulton. a lumber agent, whose place of
business Is In San Francisco.
X.OS ANGELES, Oct. 8.— There !3
another big deal In oil lands In Ventura,
which. If it has not been consummated.
will be In a very short time. This ia the
sale of the L. M. Lloyd ranch of 400O
acres, adjoining the town of Ventura on
the east. A Detroit, Mich., syndicate o£
oil men has been negotiating for soma
time for this tract, and. It Is reported, has
about closed the purchase of the land for
$80,000. The new owners Intend to pros
pect for oil.
Oil Syndicate Buying I*and.
Native .Islanders Showing
Much Activity in the
Elections.
ANTI-WHITE
PARTY MAY WIN
OUT IN HAWAII
It has been generally understood that
Prince David would be the candidate fcr
delegate to Congress on the Democratic
ticket. The candidate on the Independent
or anti-white party, as already an
nounced, will be R. w. "Wilcox, the leader
of the movement, a half-white and fully
Identified with the native element. He
ha3 recently made a tour of the islands
for the purpose of exciting an anti-white
sentiment, with the avowed object of
gaining control of the Legislature. The
Republican candidate for Congress will
undoubtedly be Samuel Parker, a half
white native. Many signs point to the
election of Wilcox.
There are some signs of a lack of har
mony in the Republican ranks over local
Issues. Up to the present time there has
been no municipal government In Hono
lulu or in any towns of the great island,
all local affairs having been conducted
by the goneral Government. Many who
have become residents of the islands sinco
annexation are clamoring for local muni
cipal governments, while the Kamaalnas,
or old residents, are firmly opposed to
such a departure, believing that the gov
ernment can be more economically ad
ministered as at present.
HONOLULU, Sept. 23.-The native Ha
wallans are showing much Interest in the
approaching election of a delegate to Con
gress and are registering rapidly and in
great numbers. Out of 2700 voters regis
tered on the island of Oahu. on which
this city Is situated, nearly 2000 -are Ha
waiians. This Interest is very likely pro
duced by the report which has been cir
culated among them that If they can suc
ceed In electing a delegate to the Ameri
can Congress the annexation bill will be
repealed and the Queen restored to th«
throne. The better educated of the na
tives have identified themselves with
either the Republican or Democratic
fiarty In the Islands, but large numbers
ed by R. w. Wilcox are Insisting upon
an Independent organization. It la
claimed that if these Independent votera
succeed In preserving their organization
and work together at the election they
will swamp the party organizations. But
the native Hawaiian is not as a rule an
astute politician and is easily led by the
strong leaders. It Is extremely doubtful
If any independent organization among
them will prove successful and It Is quite
likely that many will coalesce with one
or the other of the regular party organ
izations.
CVM'I'kAT. COMMITTEE BI/CT XDEIi
T>einocratic Nominee Graves Falls to
Speak at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 8.— William Grave*.
Democratic candidate for Congress, ar
rived this evening to open the campaign
and was surprised to find that no ar
rangements had been made for a meeting.
The County Central Committee had not
been notified by the State Central Com
mittee of the data of Mr. Graves' ap
pearance. He says he has been 111 for
three weeks and left a sickbed to coma
here.
McKlnlay Talks at Tulare.
TULARE. Oct. 8.— D. E. McKlnlay mads
an eloquent plea to-night In tho library
hall on behalf of McKinley. Rooosevelt.
protection, prosperity and sound money.
He was Introduced by his old time friend.
Judge J. W. Davis. Mr. McKlnlay la an
eloquent and forcible speaker and tho
meeting In point of numbers. Interest
and enthusiasm was the best or the cam
paign.
Copyright, 1900, by Associated Press.
MANILA. Oct. 5 (via Hongkong).— The
report of the capture of about sixty men
of the Twenty-ninth United Statea In
fantry on Marinduquo Island Is confirmed
through communclatlons received from
General MacArthur and Rear Admiral
Kemp from Marinduque Island, but de
tails are lacking. The Torktown's relief
column landed at Torrijos, on the Marin
duque coast, and marched to Santa Cruz,
which was the proposed route of the cap
tured party, without encountering the en
emy or learning anything definite regard
ing the captives, except that they had en
tirely disappeared.
Marinduquo is a small island within
forty miles of Luzon. t It is possible that
the rebels have conveyed the captives to
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— The War De
partment has received from General Mac-
Arthur the following death list*
Dysentery-September 25. Company K.
Thirty-eighth Volunteers. George "W
Brewer: Company C, Sixteenth Infantry'.
Corporal James A. Bush; September 23
Company C. Twenty-second Infantry, W.
P-" Cunningham; September 12. Company
K. Eighteenth Infantry. William J. Gard
ner; September 20. Company A. Ntne-
L een £h Infantry, Charles Mayer; Septem
ber 13, Company F, Twenty-ninth Volun
teer Infantry, Archie Rice; September 17
Company D. Nineteenth Infantry, Julius
Hletze; September 24. Company L. Sixth
Infantry. Eugene Shine: October 3 Com
pany B, Battalion of Engineers, William
H. Nolan; October 4. Company G, Seven
teenth Infantry, Sergeant Martin A. Mad
den.
A T T-MV°t ld 29. Company
A Thirty-ninth Infantry, Walter Morgan
Acting Hospital Stewart John A. C. Huen
neke; September 16. Company D, Twenty
ninth \ olunteer Infantry. John McCar
< y /», °fj»tember 25. Company G. Twenty
sixth \ olunteer Infantry, Sergeant Clin
ton s. Baker.
From all other causes— September 24
Company F. Twenty-fourth Volunteer In
fantry. Beaure Reiger; Troop A. Eleventh
Volunteer Cavalry. Frederick Lyons: Sep
tember Id, Company I. Eighteenth Infan
try, Porter H. \ oorhles: September 12.
Company K Forty-third Volunteer Infan
try. James E Clark; September 23. Com-
J£2ft *S S } xt \ In * at X r y- Cook Francis
«roald: beptember 26. Company E, Thlrtv
fourth Volunteer Infantry. J6hn Buchan
an: September 22. Company C. Eighteenth
Infantry James F McLaughlinToctober
1. Hospital Corps. Nels Hansen: October
3, Company L, Thirtieth Volunteer Infan
try. Courtlartf MacLean: September 13.
Company K. Thirty-second Volunteer In
fantry, Aaron P. Haverman: October 1
recruit unasslgned, Hugh Smith
• Paul Jenkins. Company A. Thirty-third
\olunteer Infantry, was killed near San
Quentin. Luzon. October 4; Robert L. Har
ris, Company B of the same regiment
was wounded, and Eugene Todd, Com
pany A of the same regiment, was wound
ed and captured at the same place and
the same day.
RELIEF COLUMN
FINDS NO TRACE
OF PRISONERS
Filipinos and Their Hos
tages Disappear From
Santa Cruz.
LONDON, Oct. 9. 2:30 a. m.— Only four
1S52.
The Daily Telegraph pays it understands
that the Cabinet has resigned as a for
mality and in order to enable any neces
sary reconstruction.
results out of the twenty-one constitu
encies polled yesterday in the Parlia
mentary general election have thus far
been announced. These show that the
Liberals have gained two seats, one in
Carmarthenshire and the other, strangely
enou^h, in the Radcliffe-Farnsworth
division of Southeast Lancashire, which
had hitherto gone strongly Conservative.
It looks, therefore, as If there might bs
a slight reaction In the county pollings,
but this will be too late to affect the gen
eral result seriously.
Last evening Herbert Henry Asquith.
one of the Liberal leaders, aamitted that
the Salisbury Government would return
to power with a majority of from 150 to
ICO. Of the 492 members already declared
officially elected the ministerialists num
ber 327 and the opposition 165. The former
have grained twenty-three seats and the
latter eighteen.
William Abraham. Liberal, has been re
elected for the Rhonnda Valley, divlsioa
of Glamorganshire. Wales, with a ma
jority of 650S. In the general election of
J5S5 he was returned unopposed, as wa^>
also the case in the elections of 1SS6 and
But a Slight Gain, and in
No Wise Affects the
Result.
REACTION IN
FAVOR OF THE
LIBERALS SHOWN
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— A dull, gloomy
day was responsible for a light attend
ance at the Morris Park racetrack to
day and those who did attend had the
discomfort of going home in a heavy
storm. It began to rain as the horsea
went to the post for the fifth race and
during the running of the sixth race it
came down In torrents, so that the horses
as they went up over the hill could, not bo
distinguished. Three favorites, two sec
ond choices and one outsider divided the
card and from a racing standpoint a fair
day's sport was enjoyed. The first Mon
day handicap went to Beau Ormonde.
The Ballyhoo Bey stakes went to
Gold Heels, which won from Colchester
by half a length. Potente made all tho
pace In the last race and splashed home
In the rain and mud four lengths before
Charentus. Results:
First Monday handicap, seven furlongs — Beau
Ormonde won. Moor second. Hardly third.
Time. l:27Vi.
The Olympian, five and a half furlongs— Ba-
RUto won. Orlenta. second. Advocater third.
Time. 1:07%.
Ballyhoo Bey stakes, six and a naif furlongi
—Gold Heels won, Colchester | second, Choice
think 'Time, 1:21.
One mile— Compensation won. Belgrade sec
ond. Wait Not third. Time, 1:41.
1 One mile, selllnc: — Annoy won. Olea second.
The Amazon third. Time, 1:42U.
Mile and a sixteenth, handicap, over the hill
— Potente won. Charentus second, Intrusive
third. Time. 1:49.
BUFFALO, Oct. 8.— "Weather pleasant;
track good. Results:
Six furlongs— Gold Lack won, 'Miss .Shanley
second. The Laurel third. Time, l:20H.
Five furlongs— Taaker won. Rustic Girl sec
ond. King's Favorite third. Time. l:07»£.
Four and a half furlongs — Kenllworth won,
Maggie W second. Clarlta third. Time, :57%.
Six furlongs— Our Lizzie won, Iola second.
Exit third. Time. 1:20.
Six furlongs— Race Bud won. Nancy Till sec
ond. By George third. Time, 1:19?4.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 8.— Results at Klnloch:
One mile, selling— Celtic Bard won, W. B.
Gates second. Tlckful third. Time. 1M6.
Selling, six furlongs — Maydine won. Belle
of the Glen second, William Boyer third. Time,
l:mi.
Five and a half furlongs— Orleans won, Isobel
second. Fanner Bennett third. Time, 1:10^.
Six furlones — Miss Mae Day won. Gold d'Or
second. Blsie Barnes third; Tlm«. 1:16H-
Mile and a sixteenth — Lore's Labor-' won,
Alice Turner second. Pinochle third. Time,
1:52. •'¦ ••• -¦¦¦:
Mile and a slxl*enth, selling— Grey Forge
won. El Caney second. Miss Patron third.
Time. l:52Vi.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.—Jockey Boland was
periously Injured in the second race at
Harlem to-day. Weather clear: track
fast. Results: _• •
Five furlongs —Royal Victor won, Mateo sec
ond, Tola third. Time, 1:01 1-5.
Six furlongs—Goal IJunner won, Highland
Lad second. Sir Christopher third. Time,
1:14*4.
Steeplechase, short course —Arquebus won,
Alice K Becond. Manchle third. Time, 3:46 2-5.
One mile, selling—Specific won. Scarlet Lily
second. Wax third. Time, 1:41 4-6.
Six furlongs —Bonnie Llssak won, Bowen »ec
ond. Port Wine third. Time. 1:14 2-5.
Mllo and an eighth, selling —Copmoosie won,
Trebor second, Nettle Regent third. Time,
1:54 2-5. . - a
CHARLIE HERE, WINS EASILY.
Has No Trouble in Annexing tha
Ashland Stake.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct. 8.— The track
to-day was In a miserable condition owing
to the continuous rain of Sunday and the
weather was cold and raw. The Ashland
stake for 2:16 trotters, narrowed down
to a tield of three starters. Charley Herr
was a big favorite at -50 to 9. He was
never in trouble and won with ease. The
Walnut Hall cup was won in a handy
manner by Chain Shot In straight heats
after losing the first to Chestnut King.
Summary: *
The A«hland, $3000. for 2:16 trotters— Charley
Herr won in straight heats in 2:14. 2:15%.
"••l'^i Neereta and Pilatus also started.
Walnut Hall cup, $300, for 2:16 trotters— Chain
Shot won the second, third and fourth heats
in 215'A 2:17U. 2:17. Chestnut King won the
first heat In "2:18. Aggie Medium, Frank
Creamer. Oracle Onward, Maggie Anderson.
I^ady Oeraldlne, Annie Burns and Captora also
2:15 pace. $500— lone won three straight heats
In 2:14%. 2:16. 2:17%. Nonamle. Sapphire, Saul,
Billy Boggs and Bouchman also started.
Talent Does Not Have a
Very Encouraging Day
at Morris Park.
THREE OF THE
FAVORITES IN
FIST PLACE
BISHOP ABRAM GRAXT. D. D..
OF THE AFRICAN M. E.
CHURCH.
BISHOP C. C. MeCABE. D. IX,
OF THE METHODIST EPISCO
PAL CHURCH.
PLAYERS RETAINED BY
THE NATIONAL LEAGUE
Joe Corbett Reserved for Brooklyn
and George Van Haltren for
New York. .
W'ASHIXGTOX, Oct. 8.—President N. E.
Young of the National League announces
that the following named players have
been reserved by the National League
Clubs for the season of 1901: ...-:
Boston—C. A. Nichols, V. G. Williams,
William Dlneen, E. M. Lewis, C. R.Plt
tenger, H. Bailey, John Barry. C. Stuart,
John Freeman, Hugh Duffy. W.. R. Ham
ilton, W. J. Clarke, William Sullivan,
John Clifts, Fred Tenny, R. L. Lowe, Her
man Long and James Collins.
Brooklyn—Joseph Kelly, Thomas P.
Daly, H: Howell, W. H. Keeler. Joseph
Mcuinnlty. J. Anderson, J. Gatens, Jo
seph Yeager, G. Huber, L. N. Cross, L.
Demontreville, H. Jennings, W. Kennedy,
J. T. McGuIre. W. E. Donovan, C. J. Har
ris. Joseph Corbett, J. McJames. W. F.
Dahlen, C. A. Farrell, F. A.Jones. F. R.
Kitson. J. T. Schreckard, D. L. Fultz, M.
Steel, Alex Smith and Thomas McCarthy.
Chicago—T. C. Donohue, F. L. Chance.
A. F. Nicholls. Charles Dexter, Grif
fith, James J. Callahan, John Taylor,
John Menefee. Virgil Garvin, E. Cunning
ham. E. K. Harvey, John Ganzel, C. L.
Childs. W. J. McCormick. W. J. Bradley.
James S. Ryan. Sam Mertes. Dan Green,
John A. McCarthy, "W. M. Thornton and
W. A. Lange.
Cincinnati—Frank Hahn, Edward Scott,
C. H. Peltz, J. P. Beckley. Robert Wood,
T. W. Corcoran. "W. C. Phillips, Samuel
Crawford. L. P. Gler, George-P. Masroon,
Mike Kahoe, E. J. Newton, Henry Stein
feld, Charles E. Irwin. E. W. Smith,
James E. Barrett. Theodore Breltenstein,
A. G. McBride. T. F. Hartsell and R.
Brown.
New York—"William Gleason, Charles
Gettig, John J. Doyle. J. J. Warner. C. F.
Foster, G. E. Van Haltren. William Joyce,
W. B. Meyer, Albert Selbach, C. Hick
man, L. H. Taylor. A. "W. Grady, George
S. Davis, E. R. Doheny, "William Carrlck,
J. B. Seymour, Amos Rusle. Huyler Wes
tervelt, F. E. Bowerman, E. P. Hawley.
Elmer Smith, C. Methewson and Daniel
Murphv.
Philadelphia—E. J. Delehanty, Monte
Cross, J. F. Slagle. Elmer Flick, Joseph
Dolan. Charles C. Fraser. Wiley Platt, E.
S. Wolverton, H. M. Rugglesby. Bert
Conn, N. Lajole, Roy A. Thomas. K. W.
McFarland. W. B. Douglass, Frar.«i L.
Donahue. ¦ "William H. Bernhard, Albert
Orth. J. Dunn, F. Jacklitsch, Sam Thomp
son,' R. C. Becker and Pierce Chiles.
Pittsburg—John Chesbro. Samuel Lee
ver. Jesse Tannehill, Charles I. •Zimmer,
"William Schriver, Claude - Ritchey.
Thomas "W. Leach, John "W. Wagner.
Thomas L. McCreery, Charles Doyle,
CharleB PhllllDPi, G. E. Waddell. John
O'Connor, Thomas O'Brien. W. F. Ely.
James T. Williams, C. H. Beaumont and
Fred Clark.
St. Louis—J. J. McGraw, W. Robinson,
L. Criger, D. T. Young, J. Powell, B.
Jones, W. Keister, W. J. "Wallace, D. Mc-
Gann. J. C. Burkett, J. H. Heldrick. P. J.
Donovan. M. J. Donlin, M. J. Hemphlll,
O. Schrecongost, W. J. Harper. J.
Hughey. W. Sudhoff.F. Buelow, O. Krue
ger, C. K. Nepper and M. J. Griflln.
»
WINS BOTH GAMES.
Cincinnati Closes the Season at Chi
cago in Good Style.
Clubs— W. I... Pet. ClubB— "W. I,. Pet.
Brooklyn 81 52 .R09 Chicago 64 72 .470
Pittsburg ...77 58 .571 Pt. Louis ...62 75 .452
Philadelphia 71 63 .530 Cincinnati ..62 75 .432
Boston 63 69 .483 New York...58 77 .450
CHICAGO. Oct. 8.—A double header with
Cincinnati closed the season here to-day, the
visitors taking both games and the series. At
tendance 9.V). Score:
First same —
Chicago 4 13 »io
Cincinnati W 14 -4
Batteries—Menafee and Donahue; Hahn and
Kahoe. Umpire—O 1 Day.
Second game—
Clubs— . R. H. E
Chicago 12 7
Cincinnati 8 11
Batteries—Taylor and Dexter; Philllppl and
Kahoe. Umpire —O'Day.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 8.—Pittsburg took the dou
ble header to-day without trying. Attendance
1200. Score:
First same —
Clubs— R. H. E
St. Louis 0 4 0
PlttBburg 8 14 0
' IJatteries—Jones and Crlger; Waddell and
Zlmnier. Umpire— Emslie.
Second came —
Clubs— R. H. » B
St. Louis 2 7 4
Pittsburs 8 13. v. 4
Batteries—Sudhoft and Crleer; Tennehlll and
Zimmer. Umpire —Emslie.
WINNERS OF SAN JOSE RACES.
Lively Betting and Close Finishes on
Opening Day. .
SAN JOSE. Oct. 8.— "Weather conditions
on the first day of the Agricultural Fair
races were perfect and the track was in
fine condition. There was plenty of ex
citement and some close finishes. This is
particularly true of the last race, when
Billy Moore In the stretch ran ahead of!
Ringmaster, beating the latter out by a
neck. Ringmaster w^s the favorite.
In the first heat of the first race a col
lision occurred between Fredericksburg
and Ratatat. Fortunately no harm was
done. . ,
Three firms made books on the races
and there was considerable betting. All
In all. the bookies had the best of the
day. Summary: . ,
2:21 class, paclnp. three in five; purse $500.
Fredorlcksbunj (Hunch) 3 1 1 j'
Hermia (Hart) 1 2 2 S
Clcon (Durfec) 2 3 4 d
Ratatat <\VIUiamB)............ 4 4 3 2
Time. 2:19't4— 2:15-2:14— f.lZV,.
Five furlonKs, selling, two-year-olds; purs*
J150— Screenwell Lako (Frnwiey) won. Parsifal
second. Gertie « third. Tnr.e. l:04V4.
Six furlonsis, selling, four-year-olds and up
ward, purse $150-Grand Sachem (Frawley)
won. Romany second, Alvira third. Time, lag
Six furlongs, selling, three-year-okls and upl
ward, purse «50-Panamint. <BaSs!n*er) won.
Amasa second, Mike Rice, third. Time, lag
Seven furlongs, selling, three-year-olds and '
upward, purse |150— Billy Moore (Balllnger)
won. Rlnsmaster second, 1 ule third. Time
1=29%.. ' __ <^ ' -,-^-j
Eailway Pension Fund.
TOLEDO, Ohio. Oct. 8.— Nearly Sj)o of.
the. leading employes of the Lake Shore
and Michigan Southern Railway Company
met here to-day In conjunction with the
meeting of railway men and after a long
discussion decided to submit to a mail
vote of every employe the system a
proposition looking to the establishment
of a pension fund, to be created by set
ting aside one-fourth of one' per cent of
all wageB. The company has already
agreed to start the fund with a generous
appropriation. -.
SPEECH OF GRANT
WAS MISUNDERSTOOD
Did Not Mean to Say the Negroes Were Con
sidering Whether to Allow White
Men to Remain.
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. S.— Bishop A.
Grant of the A. M. E. Church, refer
ring to the remarks credited to him.
while at the conference at Oxford,
Ohio, In which he is quoted as saylnc.
among other things, that "the negroes
were considering the question whether
they would allow the white man to re
main in this country or not," said to-day:
"That such an interpretation has been
placed on my remarks at Oxford is truly
surprising. "What I said, and the thought
I meant to convey was. that I was In
Africa last year and saw my own con
dition and what I was S00 years ago.
And, whatever the process of develop
ment had been, I would not discuss It
and had no complaint to make. I said
the American negro is the biggest negro
in the world to-day and there was no
use in his standing arouod asking what
the white man was going to do with him.
but he should ask the question, 'What are
we going to do with ourselves?* 1 said
that we had reached the place, after be
ing here nearly 300 years, where we had
as much right to consider what we should
do with the white man as he had to con
sider what he would do with us. The fact
is that I took the cptlmistic view of our
future In the United States."
. ..•.
CHICAGO. Oct. 8.— F. W. Wayland. as
eistant manager of the Mooney & Boland
detective acency. was arrested on his re
turn frora Virginia to-day and charged
with complicity in the alleged plot to de
fraud the New York Life Insurance Com
pany, the Canadian Order of Foresters
and The Kr.ipht*. and Ladies of Honor, in
which Mips Marie Defenbach became In
sured for $12,000 shortly brfore her death,
which occurred suddenly or. August 23
last. Dr. August M. Vnper an.l Frank H.
Smiley, a detective, were arrested on the
fame charge yesterday.
It is believed that Miss Defenbach was
oripinally one of the conspirators, and
that she thought her death was to be
feigned and another body palmed oft as
hers. On August "1 Miss Defersbach called
at the office cf a lawyer in the Unity
building named Johr.son and tol<J him phe
wanted to make her will. Some days
rarlior. it is stated. Dr. Urgcr had told
this lawyer a woman would call on him
for this purpose, and she announced she
had come in accordance with the appoint
ment. She told Mr. Johnpon she ¦wanted
to leavp her property to Frank H. Smiley.
her affianced, and then she went away.
Two days afterward she returned and
Mr. Johnson had the will ready. It pro
vided, as Fhe haxl instructed, that after
her debts were paid her property was to
FO to Smllpy. but she then wanted another
provision Inserted. It was that after her
death h*>r body be cremated- This sur
prised Mr. Johnson, but he complied with
the request. He was 50 .struck with the
circumstar.ee, however, as the cremation
clause had not been in the oripinal in
structions, that he railed in witnesses to
the xvjil frnm adjoirfnp offices as a matter
of protection. r.Iiss Defenbach then
Fipr.od th'* document. Two days later she
died in great Sgony. Hrr body was hur
riedly embalmed and then cremated. A
rornr.fr'? jury rendered the verdict that
denth ¦was caused by dysentery.
Frank H. Smiley, the detective of the
Mooney & Roland apency. who also was
arrost^ii to-day, has made n full written
ron*escrioT5 nf h:f= part in the crime. The
ronTtfSslonJ if true, implicates -with him
l>r. August M. Unper and Frank Way
land Urown. assistant mcr.aper of the
Mooney & Roland agency, the other two
men ur.cier arrest.
¦\Vhf-n the case g-oes on trial Smiley, it is
nrcnour.ced. will turn State's evidence.
State'* Attorney Dineen expects that all
three n> n vi'.l bf» convicted of conspiracy
¦to defraud the Xevr York Life Insurance
O"ixiri»r,y and the two benevolent orders,
the <."r.raf'.inn Order of Foresters and the
Kr.iphts arid Ladies of Honor, but It Is
very doubtful whether any charjre of mur
der can pvm be formally made on the
evidence availaiile.
At least, one rther man connected with
the Mooney & Boland agency is now un
der surveillano for su?vicious actions at
the time cf Mis? Defenbach's death, and
it is not 5mr,rohabl<? that several other
finfjilrators can yet be connected with
the crime.
Chicago Detective's Part in
Death of Marie Def
enbach.-
•
Police Believe That Murder Was Done
in Order to Defraud Life
Insurance Com-
MAKES S FULL
COSFESSION OF
GRAVE CRIME
YRACUSE. N. Y.. Oct. 8.— In the
(r"j Central New York Methodist
Episcopal Conference to-day, the
4*tM**' committee on temperance pre-
sented a report which condemned
the army canteen and urged the enforce
ment of prohibitive measures.
Bishop McCabe said that it was not al
ways policy to denounce those high In au
thority.
"I believe," he said, "that the Presi
dent wanta to do what la right. He is ono
of the best, one of the purest and one of
the bravest men I ever knew."
The bishop's remarks provoked great
Lpplause, but one of the members took
exception. The bishop replied that ho was
a man bofore he was a bishop and would
ceare to be a bishop before he will ceasa
to be a man. In a political campaign, he
raid, the President of the United States
ought not to be abused.
The Rev, A. B. Leonard of New York,
general missionary secretary, spoko at
length on missions. He said that not a
Methodist missionary had lost^ his life
in China, but that the property loss of
the denomination has been heavy.
Declares McKinley Is One of the Best, Pur
> est and Bravest Men He Ever
BISHOP MCCABE IN
DEFENSE OF PRESIDENT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 8.— Dr. Gordon
B. Hamilton, son of Right Rev. John ¦ W.
Hamilton, the new Methodist Episcopal
Bishop of California, delivered an address
In the Methodist Episcopal church In this
city last night on "Fellowship In Christian
Service," !n which he made a plea»for the
negroes of the Southern States as well as
for the races thnt have become a part of
tho American people as a result of . Ihe
recent Spaoish-Amerlcan war. He ap
pealed for both as to their education and
moral and civil development.
The address was especially notable be
cause of the fact that before his election
to the episcopacy Bishop Hamilton had
entire charge of the Freedman's Aid and
Southern education branch of Methodist
work in America. The opinions and argu
ments advanced by his son come, there
fore, with more force and authority.
A large audience was In attendance, and
at the close of the address a considerable
amount of money was donated to carry
on the work of which Dr. Hamilton
spoke.
Churchmen Are Urged to
Work to Uplift the
Colored Race.
DR. HAMILTON'S
APPEAL
FOR THE NEGRO.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 8.— The Los An
geles Democracy In municipal convention
to-day named the following ticket:
Mayor— M. P. Snyder. formerly Mayor of till*
dty.
City Clerk— C. H. Hance. Incumbent.
City Attorney — B. I*. Hutchtnson.
Street Superintendent— Hugh Masmtr*.
City Aweysor— John Morris.
Treasurer— Ex-Mayor W. H. Workman. "
Auditor— B«rt F. Lewis.
Engineer— V. J. Rowan. ' ". .*• -
Tax and License Collector— Leo A. McCon
nell.
For the Council-First 'Ward. F. M. Nlckell;
Second Ward, J. L. Mansfield; Third Ward.
to be niled: Fcnrth Ward. H. a Thomas. Flftt*
ward, to b« filled: Sixth Ward. Orerte Pe«
¦•11: Seventh Ward. James Ashman; Eighth
ward. R. A. Todd; Ninth Ward, no nomination.
It was "acclamation day," each of tha
nominees receivlne his "plum" without
opposition. The leaders say thero was no
slate, and It certainly looka that way.
Every prophecy made by those claiming:
to know whereof they spoke was dashed
to the ground, with the exception of Syn
der for Mayor and Hance for City Clerk.
There was nothing of an excitinsr na
ture duiinc the proceedings outside of
amendments offered to the platform com
mittee's report. Frank Allender, Demo
cratic nominee for tho Assembly from tho
Seventy-fifth District, thought It would
be a "vote catcher" to present a resolu
tion to be embodied In the platform giv
ing the striking electrical linemen plenty
of sympathy in their efforts to obtain a
"fair day's pay for a fair day's work."
The leaders could not see It that way and
promptly sat down on Allender. Chair
man Le Compte Davis declared the reso
lution out of order, and Allender appealed
from this decision. Chairman Davis was
sustained and Allender crushed.
For Councilmen two vacancies on tha
ticket are to be filled. In the Third "Ward
Guv Barham ¦will be the nominee, but will
make an Indifferent fight, as his opponent.
Louis F. Vetter, la his most intimato
friend.
Convention Votes Down a Eesolution
Extending- Sympathy * to tho
• Striking Electrical
Linemen.
M. P. Snider at Its Head
as Candidate for the
Mayoralty.
TICKET NAMED
BY DEMOCRATS
OF LOS ANGELES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1900.
3
Sound money and protection from ' a
young: man's standpoint will be discussed
by H. L. Rothchild and~A. W. North to-
night at Metropolitan Temple.
<IO1| JOCK Tor.
« I had a t<-rr:ble couzh something orer a year
a»oandcou:j imd nothing: to stop it. or even to
rta me a pc^-tie'.e of good," writes J. M. Farr.
Ksq., of Car-vron. Screvea Co., Ga. « I chanced
to s?e an c tvrrtisenient of youri, aad forth-
w.th boujrht a bottle of your invaluable * Golden
Medical 1/iv.uToy. 1 Before I had taken half a
. bottle I wa> entirely welL"
v - ». &*¦ Pierce's Pellets cure constipation.
The trust question as seen by R. O
Hudson to-night at Metropolitan Temple.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
N° matter what you are used
'S$ i k*Z?£\ to paying for your clothes it will
' Sgjf &*be well for you to see our line of
..-dfnjJSL niade=to=order i
jiff) MM, TJlf^ffli'rft 9, 1 $-4/% PA
111 Pi l smts at &59
II ill I 1 ' I iil'I'Sfl- You will find them made
j p* l *^*4J<^!ii || °f g°°d material— strictly
I |j 1| j Ij .all-wool, ,late fall pattern
Wrffll^ififil Cl °^' An^ t0 P r0Ve S
|i M I 'iI'l^li'Mf superiority of the workman-
I. ',( : ' ii|/®!||l||f ship we will agree to keep
' 'r v(i LMi/im^'\f the sult Jn P er f ec t repair
fcfif^itPiP'iw * ree * or one year * you
II ifitf^ $W'l are not satisfied and it is !
P^ifif it 11 ° ur fauit ' y ° u get y ° ur
\ IllSf ll if if mone y back f° r the asking.
I -f Ml 1 ijilj ou are f u l J y protected.
I I M il If A liberal supply of sam-
I 111 if mil pIes free ~~" caI1 and Set them. :
I \ |iftn liji 0(1 Out-of-town orders filled — writs far
1' '' f $'i ¦! "?•• ' M samples and self-measuring blank.
' "1 H SNWOOPfrQ) I
lit llii 7i8 Market st " et and
W **l&^ Corner Powe11 and Eddy sts '
"Joily" is the word generally asso-
ciated with the jack tar. He is the
picture of health, and the health bub-
bles over ia mirth aad merriment. When
.^ people are sick,
W?A especially when
**¦¦ \-l sickness attacks the
*-' JS&rL I3L lungs the doctor
£gji£>4j» EJSk often advises a sea
fiSt •! ggli voyage. But in the
\ large majority cf
yS\~y*<£2Jr cases the rea voyage
/5»Js^\\ \i * s impossible.
) it is to the men
/S&jyft^r* A and women of t!:e
W%5&££t\w workaday world to
whom sea voyages
SsT^v °r change of climate
SZJftt+^in. are impossible, that
jSSBaSsk Dr. Pierce's Golden
vS*&fc&f?*k Medical Discovery
V^^*'^*^V comes as the great-
\^3^>^MW cst earthly boon.
K£-34 iflg^ The effect of this
Z?*£i y*v£* medicine upon
p<%}jC-;t!& those whose lur.gs
£$*•*'$?''**£? are " uer ' 1|: " is re "
jfe^*^^S» markable. Even
EsI^^Ca "where there is bron-
«3p£i^ chitis, spitting of
\»^§«W*, blood, emaciation,
weakness, condi-
tions which if un-
checked or unskillfully treated lead to
consumption, "Golden Medical Discov-
ery" in ninety-eight cases out of a hun-
dred woius a perfect and permanent
cure. It rtrengthens the stomach r.nd
other or^a::s of digestion and nutrition,
so that the bo3y in all its parts is not
merely fei but nourished. And it is by
• nourishment that Nature builds up the
body to resist or throw off disease.WALDERSEE: "WHAT! OOINO AWAY! DONNERWETTER! WHY.
I'VE ONLY JUST ARRIVED TO CONDUCT YOU!"
. ¦ . —From Punch,
As.salt water now reaches solid ice Windom glacier will once more go" on
producing bergs and become a "live" glacier. ( Garsid« says these changes oc
curred late in September. ; Fishermen lh the neighborhood at the time were
greatly frightened, and reported that the entire glacier bad slipped- into the
sea.
From every Indication it would Eeem that the river which runs under the
glacier became dammed or blocked and a great volume of water gradually
backed up the mountain side beneath the huge mass of ice until it exerted
such a tremendous pressure that it actually forced its way to the sea. "When
It did so It tore away a section of the glacier about a half-mile In length along
the glacial front, 200 to 300 feet wide and 500 feet deep. It forced this -ice
through a solid moraine, cutting a deep channel, through which the river now
runs without hindrance.
TACOMA. Oct. 8.— Surveyor G.W. Garslde brings to Juneau news of start
ling changes in the face of Windom Glacier, at Taku Inlet. This glacier was
"dead"' and its terminal moraine extended in a great crescent shaped bar Into
the channel. Big trees grew on a portion of the bar and sub-glacial drainage
went on thro.ugh several small creeks or rivers. At present an enormous
section of the south end of the glacier is floating about in huge bergs in Taku
or has melted, and a deep channel 300 feet wide has been cut through the'bar
to tidewater. The sea now reaches glacial ice again, after possibly 200 years
or more, judging from the age of the trees. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DAWRON. Sept. 20. via Seattle. Oct. S.—
Alexander King, .who last July while en
route to Dawson in a scow shot and killed
Herbert Davenport, was found guilty of
murder and condemned to be hanged on
October I
Klondike Murderer to Die.
Section of Windom Glacier, 'a' Half -nile.Long,
at Takii Inlet Dislodged.
, • SAN JOSE. Oct. 8.— The Begerow mur
der trial, which has been delayed by the
disappearance of . Juror Benjamin, was
cailed before Judge Lorlgan' to-day and
went over until Thursday. Attorney Her
rington, Begerow's counsel, wanted an
other juror drawn to fill the missing man's
place, the testimony that has already been
taken read and the case proceeded with
District Attorney Campbell did - not be
lieve this could be done. Judge Ixirigan
said he wanted more proof, that Benjamin
had left the country, and for that reason
would continue -the .case.^ It. la believed
it 'will be necessary to try the case over
from the beginning.
Begerow Trial Continued.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 8.-The City Council
by a unanimous vote recently adopted a
resolution to offer $600,000 for the two city
water pipe plants and the entire water
system and water rights of the San Diego
Company. Mayor Capps announced
in an interview to-day that he would veto
the ordinance for the reason that it con
tained three propositions which, to be
legal, should be in separate ordinances.
He also objects to the clause agreeing to
buy. all water needed by the city for five
years from one company for 4 cents per
thousand gallons, because It does not state
when the water ls to be delivered nor un
der what pressure It is to be maintained.
The Council probably will alter the ordi
nances to meet the Mayor's wishes.
* .•¦¦ ¦ » ¦
Works Ordinance.
READY WITH A VETO.
San Diego's Mayor Objects to Water
MOUNTAIN OF ICE
SLIDES INTO THE SEA
CAESAR' EHLERS' TRIAL
TO COMMENCE TO-DAY
Colma Murder Case "Will Be Called In
Judge Buck's Court at Red
wood City.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 8.— The trial of
Caesar Ehlers for the murder of Eliza
beth Mitchell will commence here to
morrow morning, before a jury in Judge
Buck's court.
Mrs. Mitchell and David Mitchell were
shot on the ranch of William Mitchell,
near Colma, on July 4, and Frank Le
moscher, Caesar Ehlers and Albert Gayer
have been charged with the crime. Each
of the defendants has demanded a sep
arate trial, and those of Lemoscher and
Gayer will follow that of Ehlers. It Is
thought the entire week Will be consumed
In the Ehlers trial.
W. S. Barnes will assist the District
Attorney in the prosecution of the cases,
and Edward F. FItzpatrick will conduct
the defense.
Invalid Attempts Suicide.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 8.— Thomas F..
Shirley shot himself with suicidal intent
this afternoon and the attending physi
cians believe he will die. Shirley has had
heart disease for a long .while and suf
fered greatly. He was a resident of
Bakersfield and lately went to Montana
in search of health, but returned to his
brother's home in this city discouraged.
In a fit of despondency to-day he fired
a bullet Into his left temple.
Stoves for British Troops.
¦ VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. 8.— The
steamer Empress of India sailed to-day
for the Orient. Her cargo Included 500
slaves for the use of the British troops in
China.
Child Explodes Giant Powder.
SANTA CRUX, Oct. S.— The five-year-old
child of Mrs. Benson of Sequoia exploded
a giant powder cap with a match.- The
end of the thumb and the forefinger of the
right hand were blown off and the child's
hands and face horribly burned.
WASHINGTON", Oct. 8.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— WInthrop. Shasta
County, Eupene S. McDowell, Postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned: Oregon—
Henry A. Latourelle, Latourelle Falls.
Appointed: Washington — C. "W. Bonell,
Fall City. King County, vice John Mar
shall, resigned.
Pensions Issued to-day: California:
Original widow — Elizabeth Mealri. San
Francisco. $3. War with Spain—Orig
inal—John Murphy, San Francisco, $6;
James Hanson. San Francisco. $30.
Oregon: Original— Henry Platts, "Wil-
Fonville. $6. Original widow, etc.— Mary
J. Gray, Lents, $S.
sioned and Pensions Granted.
rNTEKESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed and Comxnis-
SUISUN, Oct. 8.— As Matt Swail. em
ployed by C. M. Hall of Cordelia, was
driving out of town this evening he was
struck by the delayed overland west
bound filer and received serious injuries,
the most dangerous being several large
gashes on his nead. Swall was driving a
team to a carriage. One of the horses
was killed and the other horse was so
badly injured that it was necessary to de
stroy it. The rig was a total wreck. That
the driver escaped alive ls little short of
miraculous.
Reports from Cordelia late to-night are
to the effect that Swail is in a serious
condition, and it Is feared that he re
ceived a fracture of the skull. His physi
cian Is also of the opinion there ls a pos
sibility of Internal injuries.
May Prove Fatal.
Cordelia Man Receives Injuries That
STRUCK BY A TRAIN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, O,ct. 8. — One of the. most
Een«atiopal suits* that has beerircom
menced in the local courts in months : >yas
filed to-day. It is entitled L. A. Richards
vs. The Farmers*' and Merchants' Bank,
P. B. Kraser and D. S. Rosenbaum. ' .
Ex-Assemblyman Richards alleges that
from 1SS9 to 1S94 he was a customer and
kept an account with the defendant bank,
and during that time deposited large sums
of money. On or about September 26. 1S90,
he placed $40,000 to the credit of his ac
count, and on the same day the bank, at
his request, paid out of the deposit $23,
514 26. Richards alleges that the defend
ants fraudulently omitted to make any
entry in the books of the bank either of
the HO.OOO deposited or the $23,514 26 paid
out. He further charges that the defend
ants misappropriated ihe remainder of the
deposit, J16.4S5 74, to their own use.
Richards says he did not discover the
facts of the misappropriation until Au
gust of this year.
Ex-Assemblyman Richards Alleges
That Money He Had Placed on
Deposit Was Misappro
priated.
STOCKTON BANKERS
ACCUSED OF FRAUD
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 8.— At Boulder Creek
next Sunday the recently completed St. Mich
ael's Catholic Church will be dedicated. Arch
bishOD Rlordan will officiate at mass and
sreach the sermon.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 8.— A petJtlon for letters
of administration on tho estate of John E
Shoobert, late member of the Shoobert & Beale
Co. of San Francisco, was filed to-day by
Elizabeth Shoobert of Sausalito and Charles S
Moses of Fresno. The estate, consisting of cash
and real property in several counties, ls valued
at J60.000. The hearing of the pettiion has
been set for October 29.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 8.— The Advent Christian
Conference has closed. The Publication So
ciety elected officers as follows: President.
George W. Place, Santa Cruz; vice president.
Rev. T. H. Organ; secretary, E. W. Fields
Santa Cruz; editor. Rev. W. R. Toung. Oak
land; corresponding editor. Rev. TV. R. Chan
dler of Los Angeles: editorial committee. E.
L. Priest of Oakland, Rev. M. McFayden of
Nara.
TACOMA. Oct. 8.— William Campbell was ar
rested In South Tacoma this morning on sus
picion of being the lone highwayman who
held up the Northern Pacific train near Rath
drum, Idaho, two weeks ago. Campbell stop
ped at a house and begrped for a meal. The
woman of the house, who had been on the
train when it was robbed, identified him as the
robber and notified the police. They believe
the woman ls mistaken.
RENO, Nev., Oct. 8.— T. F. Dunlway of
New York, representing the banking house of
Moran Bros., of New York, owners of the Ne
vada, California and Oregon Railway, running
north from Reno, is here and will assume the
management of the N., C. & O. road vice
Arasmus Gest. resigned. Mr. Dunlway ls a
railroad manager of over thirty years' expe
rience and was until recently the superintend
ent of the Colorado and Southern and vice
president of the Forth "Worth and Denver
Railroad.
Indian Squaw Commits Suicide.
VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 8.-News was
brought by the steamer Tees, which ar
rived to-night, of the suicide of an Indian
woman on the steamer Amur of this port
about ten minutes before the vessel ar
rived at Alou Bay on her way north She
was the wife of the Indian who had a few
days before been acquitted at Vancouver
on the charge of having murdered an In
dian boy in one of the villages at the
head of the Stikine. in revenge for the
alleged bewitching of a chief of the tribe
The Indian woman hanged herself with a
buckskin string to a pipe In her state
room. She belonged to a tribe at Port
Essington. It is thought her suicide was
induced by fear that the accused Indian
was to be executed.
¦
Crushed Under Falling Brick.
SAN- JOSE. Oct. 8.— One of the brick
foundations of the new cooler of the
Fredericksburg Brewery crumbled this
afternoon and two men, J. Schoenenber
ber. assistant brewer master, and An
thony Jezlorskl. were caught In the deb
ris. The former had a foot injured and
the latter may die, as a rib was broken
and internal injuries received. The loss
to the company will approximate $4000.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
SONOMA. Oct. S.-Anne Fi«her. a five
year old child, was horribly burned about
the face. back, chest and arms this after
noon and her recovery is believed tn h<.
Impossible. Sho nrd " Ru«eil Col ton a
neighbor's ch:!d of the same age. started
a lire in sott^ old papers. It flared up
eufldenly. fnghtrrirg the children, and in
en endeavor to Ftamp it out Anne's skirts
became itrrmed. She ran screaming to
ward the house. Her cries attracted her
grandmother^ attention, and the old ladv
with presence of mind rolled her in the
dirt, •xtinruishing the flames. Mre
Fisher was burned about the arms.
Baby's Long Journey Alone.
NEW WHATCOM. Wash.. Oct. S.-Tril
by McBoth. four years old, arrived here
to-day from Austin. Tex., having made
the journey alone. She wore a paper taz
bearing her name and the direction "Care
Miss Annie McBeta. Falrhaven. Wash "
¦which brought her safely to her destina
tion.
the Top of a Coach While on
an Outing.
SAX RAFAEL. Oct. S.— Rudolph May
risch of the well known firm of May
ripch Hrothers, tobacco merchants of San
Franeisco, lies at his home in this city at
the noiru Ol death as the result of injuries
received la«=t .vming on the road between
here and Point San Pedro.
Mr. Mayrisch onrne to th]s city yes
terday aft*-rr.<K>n from Ross Valley." where
he lias be*n stopping with his son-in-law,
I<. O. Kramer, and joined a coaching
party to Point San Pedro. Durin«* the ride
MX. Mayrisch. who was sitting on top
of the coach, had the vehicle stopped to
<>n£ble him to take a seat inside. While
descending from the box he slipped and
fell headlong to the hard road. He struck
on n:s head and ehoulders and was ren
dered unconscious. The injured man was
brought to this city and attended by Dr
,V J- }; """"nan. Besides cuts and bruises.
Mr Mayrisch-s -ollarbone was shat
ter.d end ho is believed to have sustained
renou* tniury to his head. The Injured
man i? «8 years of age.
?
CHILD BADLY BURNED
Aged Tobacco Merchant Falls From
BUDOLPR MAYKISCH
SEB.IOUSI.Y INJTJTLED
SEATTLE. Oct. S.— The Building Trades
Council held an executive meeting this
evening, at which the suspenilon of work
on local buildings was discussed. The
council declined to give out a detailed
statement of what was done in the ses
sion, but announces positively that no
general Ftrike has been ordered and that
probably none will be unless there should
r>e a material change in the situation. For
aim present the council will support the
Laborers who have quit work in certain
casts. Officers of the Western Central
Labor I nion express the belief that the
contest will be carried on only in these
FPfeinc cases, and that there is little fea"
¦J ¦ f encral strike In building trades, and
Ftill less of any disturbance among other
unions.
From 3100 to*1300 trades unionists are idle
and work has been stopped on over thirty
new rcFidonce buildings and six large
brick business Hocks as a result of the
fignt betw^n the worklngmeu and the
Builders Kxchange. The main point in
the controversy is the demand on the
part of the trades unionists that con
tractors ct the building exchange sign an
EKreoment to pay a certain scale of wages
ror «ne year. Many of the members of
the exchange are already paying th°
?cal<\ and other? have been "for some
tine, but they object to lying themselves
to an agreement reaching so far ahead
Thoso contract <rs who iiave yielded and
«ypned the agreement are having no
Interfere Only in Certain
Casts.
Building Trades Council I>ecides to
SEATTLE STRIKE WILL
NOT BECOME GENERAL
'Attractions on the Midway Prove In
teresting to Visitors.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 8.— The annual County
Fair opened here to-day with a good at
tendance. .The midway, with its score of
shows, is the principal attraction.
There is a fine stock exhibit. James
Whittaker of Gait shows a herd of Here
fords, Mrs. F. P. Burke of San Jose a
herd of Holsteins and Mrs. L. C. Fabin a
lot of Guernseys. In the poultry exhibit
some fine birds are shown, and there are
a number of Belgian hares.
The midway lines both sides of the ave
nue leading from the gate to the race
track. Here a large crowd congregated
this afternoon and evening. At 7:30 o'clock
there was a parade of the attractions.
The place was illuminated with electric
lights. A free vaudeville show was given
In connection with a band concert.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA. ROSA. Oct. S.— One of the larg
est crowds ever- in attendance at the
opening of any event In Santa Rosa was
present this evening when Mayor J. 3.
Sweet formally opened the Fourth Dis
trict Agricultural and Free State Fair.
No less than 5000 persons were in the big
canvas pavilion during the evening.
At S:30 o'clock John P. Overton, presi
dent of the board of directors, stepped
upon the band stand and introduced
Mayor Sweet. The Mayor said it was a
pleasure for him to open a fair under such
promising circumstances. He Bpoke of
the great importance of the exposition
and of what it meant to the district.
This fair, he said, was the representation
of what could be produced in the great
est agricultural district in the greatest ag
ricultural State in the Union. ¦ There was
nothing that could not be produced In
these two counties. A look around under
the large canvas structure would onlv
prove his statements. He welcomed the
visitors to the City of Roses and declared
the district fair opened.
Following the Mayor's remarks were a
number of songs by a quartet and music
by the band.
Never in Santa Rosa's history has tho
city looked more beautiful. Every busi
ness house is tastefully decorated, as arc
all of the principal business streets. The
illuminations are more elaboiate than has
e^er before been witnessed in a Northern
California town.
Among the fruit exhibits are a number
of novel and attractive, designs. Th'
Cloverdale country has a large display of
citrus fruit. The Sonoma County Horti
cultural Society shows In glass jars. 300
in number, the largest fruit ever put on
exhibition. - A number of Marin County
dairymen have some fine Jersey and Hol
stein cattle here. • There are blooded
horses from all parts of the district In
the art department are rare pieces of art
and needle work.
Lively interest is taken In the compe
tition for premiums and this promises to
be one of the most successful fairs ever
held in the Fourth District.
•
SANTA CLARA COUNTY'S FAIR.
Exhibitors Make a Fine Showing and
Never Was the City of Eoses
More Attractively
Decorated.
THOUSANDS ATTEND
SANTA ROSA'S FAIR
Affray Follows.
STOCKTON, Oct. 8.— At Tracy last
evening Otto Heyde slashed the throat
and gashed the nose of Robert Fetters
with a pocketknife. The knife wielder
was placed under arrest on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon. He was
released upon giving $100 cash bail. The
wounds of Fetters are not dangerous.
The affray was caused by Fetters com
ing into a hotel dining room with his hat
on. The head waiter told him to take it
oft and the row resulted.
Patron Grows Angry When Head
Waiter Objects and a Cutting 1
WEARS HIS HAT IN
HOTEL DINING-ROOM
SAN" JOSE, Oct. $.— A young Mexican
giving the name of Michael Garcia is un
der arrest at the city prison on suspicion
of being Antone Reyes, wno is wanted for
the murder of a Mexican at Kurn City.
Garcia admits hav:ng worked in Kings,
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles counties.
He had been under surveillance several
days. To-day he appeared in a change of
clothing and the discarded apparel was
found in the back of a saloon. The hat
and trousers tally with those worn by the
murderer. The prisoner will be held until
the arrival of an officer from Bakersfleld.
MURDER SUSPECT ARRESTED.
Believed to Be Wanted for a Killing
at Kern City.
Him to Jail.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. S.— Bringing
all a man's belongings and even his
house to the police station, as well as the
man himself, is a new method of arrest,
but that ls what happened to a Japanese
named Yasu, who ls now in Jail here
charged with burglary.
The house, which is now In the property
clerk's department of the police station,
looks more like a dog kennel than a
human habitation. By actual measure
ment it is three feet wide, seven feet
long and six feet In the middle. The
stolen articles -concealed in this hut were
many and miscellaneous.
Kennel-like Habitation, of a Van
couver Japanese Goes With
Forest Reserves Officials Find Water
When Almost Mad From
Thirst.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Oct. S.— I. B. Hanna
superintendent of forest reserves of New
Mexico and Arizona, and A. F. Herman
supervisor of the Grand Canyon forest
reserves, reached Flagstaff on Saturday
after having been lost on the desert for
three days. Their experience was a thrill
ing one. and both nearly lost their lives
\\ Ith a guide they started for Lees Fer
h«V« nea K ll l e Utah llne " Ont> n »Sht their
horses broke away from camp and the
party started afoot for its destination!
terL^n" 6 ? acr0FS th0 desert - Hanna and
Herman became separated from their
guide and lost their way. Hanna became
discouraged and could go no farther!
Herman struggled on. and finally reached
water five miles on. He took water back
thet Ia fl£ a n and ' h^f mad from suffering,
they finally reached a camp. Aid was
sent back in search of Pierce, the guide
and he was found at an abandoned camp
which he had reached after a hard strug
gle. . ¦
BURGLAR'S HOUSE TAKEN
TO THE POLICE STATION
LOST FOE THEEE DAYS
ON ABIZONA DESERT
The Generalissimo (just arrived at the
seat of war)— Well, general, what's the
state of affairs?
General — Everything, your Excellency,
is going famously.
Generalissimo— The Chinese army?
General— Quite put to rout. We have
20.000 Chinese prisoners. ¦
Generalissimo — The legations?
General— Safe and sound.
Generalissimo — In a word, your opinion
is?
General — My opinion is the war is quite
ended.
Generalissimo (coldly)— H'm! We will
begin again.
General — How's that?
Generalissimo— I -am the generalissimo
of the European armies; that ls to say,
I represent Europe. In order that the les
son which Europe means to teach China
may be complete and bear its fruit in the
future that power must be beaten, not by
this or that general or any one nation,
but by the European generalissimo — that
is, under the circumstances, by me. 1
General — Quite true, your Excellency.
Generalissimo— We will therefore put
On recovering consciousness. Mrs. Davis
gave the alarm and the police were
promptly at work on the case. There was
no light in the room at the time of the
robbery other than that from the street
lights, hence Mrs. Davis can give but a
rough description of the robber. She Is
suffering severely from the assault, her
neck showing livid bruises where the fin
gers of the thief clutched It. She was
bleeding at the nose and nearly prostrated
from the shock. She absolutely declines
to tell her Eastern destination. She ex
presses the belief that the thief followed
her here from Seattle, where she had
cashed large drafts that she had brought
from Dawson. She had suspected she was
being followed for several days by a man
whose description she says is that of her
assailant to-night.
The cash stolen was entirely In bills.
The jewelry consisted of diamond rings,
her wedding ring, a gold watch and sev
eral hundred dollars' worth of nuggets.
Returning to her room at 6 o'clock to
night after dining at a restaurant, she
discovered a man in her bed chamber.
Hefore she could cry out he seized her by
the throat and choked her Into Insensi
bility. Then he obtained her money and
valuables and made his escape. They
were in a hand satchel she carried.
Mrs. Davis is on her way East with her
little daughter. She has been at Dawson.
On her arrival here on Sunday she was
feeling 111 and decided to remain over
until her health Improved. The annual
lruit fair is in progress and all the better
class of hotels were filled, so she was
compelled to take rooms In a lodging,
house.
SPOKANE. Oct. 8.— Mrs. Mary Davis
was choked into insensibility in her room
In a lodging-house this evening and robbed
of $1500 in cash and of jewelry she values
at $1000. The thief bo far has eluded the
officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Woman En Route From. Dawson to
the East Almost Murdered
in a Spokane Lodging
Souse.
CHOKED AND ROBBED
OF GOLD AND JEWELS
Generalissimo— In this way • we shall
really show China the superiority of Euro
pean civilization over Chinese barbarism
and the lesson, by being a little delayed,
will be all the more Impressive.
things back In the state In which they
were before my arrival.
General— I am ready to obey. What
should be done?
Generalissimo— First of all. release the
£0,000 Chinese prisoners telling them it
does not count and that we will recapture
them later on.
General— Yes, sir. Next?
- Generalissimo — Next you will request the
representatives of France. England, the
Lnited States, Italy and Russia, as well
as all the people who were shut up in Pe
king in the buildings of the legations, to
be so good as to go back to them.
General— It shall be done.
Generalissimo— You will give them ex
actly the same quantity of food and am
munition that they had.
General — Just a little more, perhaps.
Generalissimo— As you please. You will
let them understand they will be relieved
a second time, and this time it is the
whole of Europe that will come to their
succor.
General— I'm off to carry out your or
ders.
MARTINEZ, Oct. 8.-The sensational
suit In which an effort will be made to
break the will of Mrs. Maria L. Shimmins
and In which grave charges are
made against Attorney E. D. Saw
yer of San Francisco was filed
to-t'ay In the office of the County
Clerk. The allegations in the complaint
are identical with those published exclu
sively in The Call yesterday. Attorneys
James H. Creely and Archie Borland are
retained by the alleged heirs, and the con
te ££. Promises to be exceptionally bitter.
The alleged heirs are Ellen Oaborn, a
sister of deceased, and Ellen Stuberfleld.
Eg-bert H. and Albert H. Housman,
Martha Griffith and Caroline Decker;
children of another sister of the deceased.
2£^P rop f r . ty at stake ls worth between
$35,000 and $40,000, and from allegations in
the papers in the contest, which bristle
with sensational statements, the fight for
the property will be an interesting one.
,, A fter reciting the facts of the death of
Mrs. Shimmins on August 10 of this year
and the filing of the petition for probate
by Attorney E. D. Sawyer of San Fran
cisco just four days afterward, the ad
mission of the will to probate on the 27th
or. the same month and the issuance of
letters of administration to Sawyer, the
contestants ask that the probate of the
will be set aside. They allege that the
signing of the testament was procured by
undue Influence. For thirty years Saw
yer was attorney for the deceased, and
Joseph Madena-s. the other legatee, and a
confidential employe of the old lady had
resided on the ranch for sixteen years It
is alleged that through their intimate ac
quaintance these two obtained control
over Mrs. Shimmins and forced her to
sign the will. The claim is set up that
Sawyer and Madenas told her that her
sister was dead and that her other rela
tives did not care for her, and in this way
poisoned her mind against her relatives.
According to the contestants, the old
lady was importuned to execute the will
making Sawyer and Madenas the sole
legatees, they telling her that they knew
of some dark secret in her life which they
would make public to the detriment of her
character unless she did as they desired
i u lta A l0 J 1 has been Issued, returnable
on the 20th of this month. This will be
the commencement of the fight for the
property.
Complaint Charges Attorney E. D.
Sawyer and Joseph Madenas
With Having Exerted
TJndue Influence.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Suit Filed at Martinez to
Break the Eccentric
Woman's Will.
IS REPLETE WITH SENSATION
CONTEST FOR
MRS. SHIMMINS'
WEALTH BEGINS
Haerloop has never been able to discuss
death prriousiy so far as he himself was
<¦or.oem.rd. and with Fritz Paatsch and
1-ritz Treptp. each an oddity m his way.
ho had purchased a corner crave In Moun
tain View Cemetery, in the Hermann's
faons plot, with the understanding that
"the three Fritzcs" should all be interred
therein, wherever they might happen to
die. Thjs will be a difficult arranRement
to carry out. for according to best ac
counts Fritz Faatsch is slumbering "in
the cradle of the deep," having been
crowned last June while journeying north
ward in Bering Strait on a schooner
««pr the collapse of the Nome boom.
Haesloop was one of the oldest saloon
wen .n rresno. He came here in the early
M s and was popular on account of his
eccentricities. The funeral will take place
under the auspices of the Hermann's
Sens, an organization of which he has
been a member for years. He will be
burled in the plat selected by himself and
Ms inends.
V'lark has been very ill of late and is
r.ipidly declining. Whether or not he will
fuJfill his part of Haesloop's prediction
rr-mains to be seen, but his friends hope
that a portion of the seer's prophecy will
prove faJse.
At the time the remarkable prediction
was made Haeploop was keeping: a saloon
on Mariposa street, in this city. He had
occasion to provide a lunch for Police
Judge A. M. Clark. It was Clark's birth
day, and HaetOoop's also. In a frolicsome
ppirit the saloon man had a friend type
write from h!s dictation the Judge's biog
raphy and his own. He concluded the
biographk-s with the prediction that both
would die in 1.*j0.
FRESjCO. Oct. S.— Fritz Hae6loop. a.
saloon man anJ ecf-entric character, died
to-day at the County Hospital from a
complication of troubles. Klght years ago
IlaesJoop predicted that he would die in
the year 1500. The prophecy was made in
a jovial moment and f robably would have
been forgotten had it not been found type
written en a slip of paper after his body
and effects had been brought to the
morgue.
FreeiiJ Dispatch to The Call.
Friends of Judge Clark, Who Is Now
Dangerously 111, Hope Fritz Haes
loop's Prediction Will Ba
but Half Fulfilled.
INCLUDES ANOTHEit IN FORECAST
Fresno Eccentric Guesses
Correctly the Year of
His Demise.
DEATH COMES
IN ACCORDANCE
WITH PROPHECY
T,3?i« n V> ye « r . ! L''''f o - ¦ tvhile a missionary j n
*t' £J N heeler suffered a severe sun
stroke. This trouble is believed by physi
cians to have been the origin of his pres
ent mental aberration.
The night attendant in the ward where
Dr. Wheeler was confined reports that the
ratient was all right at 5 o'clock Friday
morning. At 6 o'clock, when the attend
ant made his n<*xt hourly round. 'Wheeler
was found deal by strangulation. He had
tied a knot in each end of a sheet tuid
fastened one end to an iron bar above Iiis
window and the other about his neck. It
required extreme exertion on the part of
the demented man to cause death, for his
feet were on the floor and his knees
nearly touched it. Had he changed his
mind the Eimplc- thrustinp out of his
hands to the window sill would have
paved him. There had not been suspicion
that he would commit suicide, as he had
never before made such an attempt or
expressed a desire to die.
Kor ten years Dr. Wheeler had been one
of the most prominent clerpymen in the
Pupet Sound district. He held pastorates
in racoma. Fern Hill and Shelton beine
Ve .» y 5V ccepsfu l in all his work. His first
wife died years ago. and two years ago
he remarried. One of his daughters was
prominent for years in Tacoma society
and married Fiank Greene, a New York
architect.
TACOMA, Oct. 8.— Rev. F. M". Wheeler.
a prominent Methodist minister, was sent
to Steilacoom Insane Asylum ten days ago
suffering from melancholia of a violent
type. On Friday morning last he com
mitted suicide by hanging himself with a
sheet. The manner of his death was not
made public until this afternoon, out of
consideration for his family.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ties One End of a Sheet to a "Window
" Bar and the Other About His
Neck and Rests His
Weight Upon It.
DEATH BY SLOW STRANGULATION
Rev. P. M. Wheeler ol Ta
coma Hangs Himself
in His Cell.
INSANE PASTOR
ENDS HIS LIFE
IN AN ASYLUM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; OCTOBER^9, 1900.
THE GENERALISSIMO
ARRIVES IN CHINA
Amusing Skit in the Pans Figaro on the
Task Before Field Marshal
Von Waldersee.
4
Good music and speaking to-night at
Metropolitan Temple, " ~ . _.
soap is not only the best
in all the world for toilet
' and bath but also for shav-
ing*. Pears was the ; in-
, ventor of shaving, stick
; soap.
j All wrti of ptople nse Petn 1 to«p, all aorU
! cf stare* sell it, etpeeiaUj druy^Ut^, _ j
Campaign Issues will be presented by
first voters at Metropolitan Temple to-
night.
I In rainy i&ktithertfieydonileak, j
%Buckin$awHecfiti/Jhx)a Scotia |
I are built f or ulear-andcom/ortbejkfej. j
1 freVenidamfl&cMltyfeet-iitnejj j
1 tM& KdMded- M id only at j
H Mai I ordei skilled- "fZVm 7? 8 '•.WO \
address dept-ft / .^ Market St,JS
¦fV o ¥\ t^4 • a . ' n
UfUfifT 1 1^817 Buy your ramy- J
Rainy -Day Dresses, r^\ \
_',' RAINY-DAY SKIRTS— Made of all-wool piaid |
I ~~] back cloths, stitched round bot- DC fjf|
r- jrfF*$L torn, a $6.50 quality for UwlLU ¦
I W^^ RAINY-DAY SKIRTS— In plaid back homespun jj
*~jy/ cloths, all woo 1 , mad i with patched pockets ;
><Ok^\ and stitched, worth $10.00, for Qf rfj ',
lirJl *^i)V OfiwU |
I^Skv * XW, RAINY-DAY SKIRTS— In elegant imported ;
*=-^~v) „ JL>^ cloths, strapped and stitched, fit to wear in i
~7 ypTfo ."'-"Ti • a n y weather
*--M&&X[\ J Special Vatos for SIO to $18 Each j
$ ft$?y - : %m ¦ RAINY-DAY D.\ESStS — Made of elegant all- j
/fvi\. : 1 wool p!aid back cloths, With straight or blouse \
/fij&h jl '"££" w\ front jackets, and perfectly made short skirts, ¦
Mffj f '\4 tans and Oxford grays.
Mlmf&m Special Values $16.50 to $22.50 Each >
fc||ife^y|p||i| BLACK CHEVIOT LONG STREET SKIRTS —
>^^B^|flp|f|p'^ The nsw cut, trimmed with bands of stitched ;
T^^— taffeta and well lined — a $10.00 quality. - ' j
f-^v^'**- , Special for $7.50 ¦ •
i/ri I v o I ITDrC' CL0AK A * D SLIT HOUSE, !
j g\LLLY VX LILDLO 120 KEARNY STREET. *
iSSAY.'AINT i DTHOT3-n/EF5>
THE YELLOW KID
Even can have his linen laundered trj
beautiful style at this laundry. Collars,
cuffs, business or dress shirts are laur.-
"I dered to the acme of beauty and away
! up beyond the standard of ordinary laun-
dry work.
Domestic finish" for full dress shlrta If
you wish it.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Of flea 1OO4 Market Street
Near Powell.
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
DR; MEYERS & CO.
iHm (k^il ost Extensivs
•^feQ^^75/ Market St.,
Avisrr OR- JORDAN'S oucat i
} MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ -ty"^ Tha I-irgest Anatomical Mwenm ks tba \
9 jUSf^jm^ WwtA >* - .knef «»» or any contracted M
7 @S3 disease prvittvely ourou by the oldest V
9 fii't, I (bpedalistCBttotCout. Es:. 367321*. 1)
£ fc£*f ' QR - «O p &A*-PR17ATE 0ISEA32S < I
3AJ&*Ct T "™ r "- ixrwialiy P r by Utter. A|!
fl/7 Til J^^tvn Car* in nary case nadertaken. '
llrtf N> w M=fc«'Boo!t.PHlt©SOPItY#f , I
v ¦ u ¦ t mnancs, mailso pass. 4 a <
A Q I , ' valuable book for mrn) .
!*DaJUBDAXA CO.. 1CS1 AUrk«t St 8. F '
"^ MEN
?«&( C»J1 or write far booi, tn:
r*E% dr. cooper & go.,
iC^V^i 318 Kuray StrMt,
San Francisco. Cal.
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DS
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles. CaU
RUPTURE CURED.
Wh^n we lay "rupture cured" we mean It.
for it la a fact that during the past 20 years
DR. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing eis>*
like It. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for yourself. KTCall for '.'Book-
let No. 1." or lend 2 cents In atamss. Ad-
'magnetic elastic truss Co.,
C2O Market Street, San Francisco. .
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
iETy In 1 to 5 *^J*.^« Whitea. annitcnl ]|Z
SfiJ Ga»r»nwca f| charges, or any lnfla^mZ
ffSCf mi ta •triatan. *• tion. , irritation or uJcSl
B'.^r.Tjau oonuslon. tion ot docoii me2l
K«VheE«M3 CHEMtflitCa. branes. Hsa-Mtrtszeat.
Vfac:Na:NXAT).o •EJFJ5 SoU1 &y °*T»sri»t«,
Vj5?X U. ". a. s$A or aent la plain wrn ?? er,
¦ ¦all EW l?_ Goods> etl> - Hedrocic
&jLfi«l«9 i^ ce3^ Sen , d , for Ca v
SHREVE. 733 Market at!
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA EiyTEKS. TUB
great Mexican remedy; gives health- ana
atrength to sexual organs. Depot. C3 Market.
WeeHy Ci $1.00jerYear
ADVERTISEMENTS.Taylor "Will Plead Guilty.
J. B. Taylor, arrested in Sacfamento by
Postofflce Inspector Bricker for using, the
mails for the purpose of defrauding' his
correspondents, waived examination yes
terday morning before United Stntoa
Court Commfssioner Heacock and w!2
held for trial. The prisoner said ?hat hi
Intended to plead guilty. l ne
Mrs. Ellen Morton, wife of ex-Super
vlsor Thomas Morton, died at her resi
: dence, 6S0 Geary street, early yesterday
I morning. Deceased had been a resident
, of San Francisco for thirty-two years and
was very prominent In church circles be
ing a member of Calvary Presbyterian
Church She had been almost continu
ously ailing for the past three months,
but It was not thought that she was se
riously ill. In fact. Mr. and Mrs. Morton
had arranged to accompany the Shriners
to Honolulu. Besides her husband sh2
leaves one son. Thomas J. Morton Th!
P u r n elb!\er!2n
SKs' Sme?er-y ment S? £ *" th<J ° d3
Prominent Worker in the Calvary
Presbyterian Church Passes
Away Quite Suddenly.
MRS. ELXEN MORTOi?"
DIES AT HER HOME
Ferrer went to the office of the stable,
located at Sixth and Clara streets. In a
drunken condition and demanded his
vages from Sullivan, who happened to be
there at the time. The stableman advised
Mm to wait till he pot sober, and Ferrer
uruck at him. There was a scuffle, and
Ferrer went away threatening to kill Sul
livajj. He tried to get a revolver, but
failed, ar.d returned to tbe office with a
knife. He Etruck at his employer with
tbe weapon, which lodged In Sullivan's
h^ad with such force that It required the
strength of t»o men to pull it out.
Sullivan was taken to St. Mary's 'Hos
pital and it wan reported yesterday that
he was in a critical condition, as blood
pcisocir-g was feared.
Nash Ferrer, the hostler who on Sun
day Dlsbt stabbed M. J. Sullivan of the
firm qf Sullivan & Doyle, stablemen, for
whom he worked, may have to face a
charge of murder. His victim, who at
Sret was not thought to be seriously In
jured, is now !n a bad way. Ferrer ap
peared before Police Judge Cabanlss yes
terday on a charge of assault to murder,
v/ith which he was originally charged,
but his case was continued until to-day.
Hash Ferrer, the Stableman, May
Have to Answer to a Charge
of Murder.
SUZ.Z.TVA2J REPORTED IN
A CRITICAL CONDITION
The funeral of Mrs. Booker will take
place Wednesday at St. Stephen's
Church.
Mr. Booker and four children, Edith,
Ethel. Howard and Allan, were at, home
when the mother passed away. John
Hooker, who Is a clerk on the steamer
walla Walla, is up the coast He does not
know of the double trouble that has come
to his family.
one week of time with two such misfor
tunes as have afflicted Mr. Booker. Yes
terday hosts of friends went to Pierce
street, where the faithful wife and mother
lay dead, to express sympathy. There
were those who recalled the day when the
happy young couple first entered their
Steiner street home, and there were many
to whom the virtues of Mrs. Booker and
her unfailing gentleness and courtesy had
endeared her in the lapse of years since
her bridal day.
Mr. Booker Is the chief accountant of
the Spring Valley Water Company, and
sympathy was expressed in business cir
cles for him In his trouble.
OIC the anniversary of their wed
ding the home of George E. end
Ada M. Booker took fire and was
nearly destroyed, and the shock
of the loss and her hasty removal
from the house so weakened the Invalid
wife that Sunday afternoon she passed
away.
The Bookers had been married twenty
eeven years. They had always lived In the
house at 2215 Steiner street, and for the
greater part of the past year Mrs. Booker
had been confined to her room and to her
bed. She was In bed when the house took
fire, and she was carried out through halls
filled with emoke and bright with leaping
r.ames. She was taken first to a neigh
bor's house and then later to a new home
provided on Pierce street. The shock wa3
too much for her, however, and she rapld
ly grew weaker until Sunday, when the
filed.
Seldom Is It that a man meets within
The case of J. Snowgrass, charged with
assault with a deadly weapon upon Po
liceman Frank C. Howard in Mrs. Skel
ton's saloon, Sutter street and Central
avenue, was called In Judge Fritz's court
yesterday. Howard was in court with his
face covered with bandages. By consent
the case was continued until Thursday.
Charles Conwell and Thomas Hogan
two young teamsters, appeared in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday on a charge of
burglary. They were ' accused by Police
man Jordan of having broken Into Jar-
John Grant, alias George Graham, has
a penchant for eggs, and he will steal
them at every opportunity. April 13 last
Judge Fritz gave him twenty days for
stealing eggs irom a grocery. He went
to Los Angeles after serving his sentence
and was convicted there of stealing eggs
and got thirty days. Yesterday he again
appeared before Judge Fritz for stealing
a basketful of eggs from Goldberg, Bowen
& Co. and was sentenced to six months in
the County Jail.
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COURT.
John Grant, With, a Penchant for
Eggs, Is Sentenced to Six
Months in Jail.
dine's machine shops, 650 Mission -street.
They were able to prove a complete alibi
and the cases were dismissed.
Mrs. Abbie J. Woodman, charged with
grand larceny for stealing a tin box con
taining jewelry and valuable papers be
longing to Mrs. Dr. J. C. Stone. 1934 Page
street, appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday. She was Instructed and arraigned
and the case was continued until Thurs
day.
Scott Anderson, the colored man who
stabbed Moses Jones at the ' Ingleslde
racetrack Sunday, September 30. pleaded
guilty to battery before Judge Fritz yes
terday and was sentenced to ninety days
in the County Jail.
Martin Barellas. David Bays. R. W.
Randolph, Joseph Mera, Joseph Robles
and S. Barilla, all cooks, appeared before
Judge Fritz yesterday on charges of dis
turbing the peace. They were arrested
early Sunday morning on Vallejo street.
They were drinking wine out of a milk
can, singing Mexican songs and having
an all-around good time after their fash
ion. They all told contradictory stories
to the Judge about what they had been
doing, but as they promised to behave
themselves in future the cases were dis
missed.
M. Troy, who was charged with bur
glary -for breaking Into the office of Dr.
Alfred Hiller, on Sutter street, and steal-
Ing an overcoat, appeared before Judge
Cabaniss. yesterday. Dr. Hiller asked that
the case be dismissed, as he believed that
Troy was not responsible for his actions.
E. Hlntermann. manager of a grocery
on Cortland avenue, appeared In Jud~e
•Mogan's court yesterday on a charge of
asaauk with a deadly weapon, and tha
case was continued until to-morrow. Sun
day night the wife of. Bert IX Hurd a
news agent, went to the grocery with a
lady friend, and Hurd appeared on tha
scene Just as Hinterxnann was putting cur
the lights. Hlntermann and Hurd had a
flght and Hurd was stabbed three or four
times. Mrs. Hurd was arrested for dis
turbing the peace. In court yesterday
she claimed that her husband was cut by
broken glass as he attempted to Jump
through a window. . Her case was also
continued.
The Judge continued the case and mado
an order sending Troy before the Insanity
Commissioners to be examined.
Lottie Williams. 133 Ellis street, swora
to a complaint In Judge Mohan's court
yesterday for the arrest of Rona Gra
ham on the charge of felony embezzle
ment. A search warrant was procured
Friday to recover possession of Miss Wil
liams' trunk, containing personal property
of the value cf $500, from Miss Graham.
The trunk could not be found, hence the>
warrant for embezzlenmt- Miss Graham
was later arrested.
Rodman Blain. "dope fiend" and pie
maker, who stole $45 from the till In W
E. Bartsch's store, 230 Taylor street,
where h* was employed, pleaded guilty
before Judge Mogan yesterday to a
charge of petty larceny and will be sen
tenced to-day. ,
FIRE ROBBED HIM OF HOME ;
DEATH ROBBED HIM OF WIFE
Dual Affliction of G. E. Booker in His
Wedding Anniversary Week.
' "The States west of the Rocky Mountains
have sustained a relation to the rest- of the
country, resembling that of conquered ; prov
inces. We have sustained a relation so sub
ordinate and have attempted to expand' our
commerce under auch disadvantageous circum
stances that the populations of the coast have
grown but slowly. • We have vast natural re
sources. "Th« country, lying west of the Rocky
Mountains is the richest , metalliferous country
on the 'earth. "We produce in California over
seventy^ minerals forcommerclai purposes," But
we are at a . disadvantage- In . th* ''comoetltlve
S It good in the middle of the stream to
jump from the bandwagon of prosper
ity onto the swayback of a homeless
hybrid, part donkey, more tiger? "Will
the American voter do it In November?
Thinkers and travelers say he will not if
he knows when to leave well enough
I alone. They say he is in better financial
condition now than he ever was, with
continued promise of good times in the
shadow of the G. O. P. bandwagon. Every
interest, especially here on the ; Pacillc
Coast, cries our to the careful man not
to hesitate, but to keep on— as he has berni
doing— prosperinp.
"\V. H. .Mills, who has recently returned
from the Paris Exposition, gives some of
the most potent reasons why residents in
Pacific Coast Statfs should swell McKln
ley's majority In November, as they did
four years ago. He bases these reasons
not only upon the general distrust of
Bryan, but upon his knowledge of com
mercial and industrial conditions on this
part of the map. In an Interview with a
reporter for The Call Mr. Mills stated
these reasons. He said:
"The present administration found the coun
try !n a state of prostration. At the end of four
years we find a condition of the greatest pos-
Fible prosperity. That this is a fact is un
derstood throughout the world. The Un'.ted
States is known as the most prosperous nation
In the ¦world.
"The difficulty with any fiscal policy adopted
by the Congress of the United States has been
that It Is never maintained a sufficient length
ot time to determine by experiment its wis
dom. As I passed through the Southern States
last February, en my way to New York, I saw
evidences of the rising prosperity of those
States. We produced in the year 1S99 11.000,
000 bales of cotton. The market value of this
cotton on the basis of the present price Is
about J2CO.CC0.C0O. If that flbor was worked In
to fabric It would be worth $12,000,000,000. The
question is, where fhall this wealth be cre
ated? By the industry of operatives and the
association of great capital here, or In some
foreign country? Shall we pay freight on this
cctton fiber and haye It returned in the form
of cotton fabric, so that the consumer will find
it charged with the frieght both ways?
Silent Democracy.
'"The Democratic party is silent, practically,
on this question. Mr. Bryan, who Is a free
tiade man and who combines In his following
the free-trade elements of the country, did
not dare to challenge the marked effects of
the Ding-ley bill; but the election of Mr. Bryan
will be the practical repeal of the Dingley
bill, because If the people who favor free trade
are to get control of the Government the pro
visions of the Dingley bill are menaced. In
vestors of capital in manufactures will find
such Investments extra hazardous under those
circumstances, and the distrust occasioned by
the defeat of McKinley will be In all re
spects the equivalent of a reversal rf the pol
icy underlying the Dingley bill. It is the lia
bility of a change of administration at the
end of each four years which constitutes in it
self a menace to the stability of governmental
pclicies. which makes the Investment of capi
tal In enterprises very risky Indeed. It is use
less for the Democrats to contend that no re
form or modification of the present tariff laws
U Intended. The very fact that the party
which secured the Dingley bill is defeated at
the polls will operate to repeal the most salu
tary effects of the present fiscal policy, without
repealing the law, so that the provisions of the
Dingley bill are In Issue. In very truth, the
deliberate of the Congress of the
United States, from the standpoint of exist
ing conditions, ought to be maintained long
enough to furnish the only scientific basis ot
determination— that of experiment. If the pres
ent tariff law Is urging the country toward a
condition of inflation, which will eventually
picduce a condition of great depression, we
will have a precedent by which we may be
guided in the future. But tariff laws should
be modified, not radically changed, and if the
present policy of the country should be con
tinued for twenty years it would not be too
long to furnish standards of judgment as to
the effect of a high protective system*" — "
Pacific States' Interest.
"The Paciflc States have a peculiar Interest
In the present Presidential campaign. The Pa
ciflc Coast Is practically the most remote por
tion of the world. You acquire a realization of
this when you are on the other side of the
ocean. The very appearance of the map
shows you that the two American continents
ttretch almost from the north to the south
pole. California, Nevada, Utah, Oregon and
Washington are a group of Paciflc States
whose commerce by the ocean is served only
by the longest lines of transportation made for
oi-mmerclal purposes on the face of the globe.
The true, real and substantial development of
this country will begin when the Pacific ports
arc the front and open door to an independ
ent commercial system. Our provincialism
will pass an soon as the ocean becomes a
prime and leading factor In. our development.
"If we retain the Philippines snd by systems
of education, by respect for the rights of. the
people, by conferring upon them stability ot
government and all the modern Institutions
of religious and civil liberty we will make
them fit for self-government and they have
the right to this service at our hands. Mr.
Bryan appears to think that they are already
qualified to enter upon the conduct of a gov
ernment of their own. Well, If they are fit
to be a nation they are fit to be members of
this great republic. .If Mr. Bryan's benevolent
intentions concerning them are practicable he
can proceed to the accomplishment of his pur
poses only on the theory that theae people
are fit to govern themielves and If they are
fit to govern themselves they are fit to ex
ercise state sovereignty as a family | in the
American Union. You have not eliminated
them nor their Influence upon the commercial,
Industrial, political and social life of America
by making a nation _ of them. There Is a
greater Intimacy between . the nations : of the
world to-day than there was between the States
of this Union fifty years ago. They, would
exert an Influence upon our people as a mem
ber of the family of nations fully equal ta
that they would exert as a member * of the
family of States. In the former Instance we
would have no control over them and In the
latter Instance we would exert an Influence
with them. ¦
"The possession of the Hawaiian and the
Philippine Islands l gives us a standing. In tht
Pacific" Ocean absolutely Indispensable to our
supremacy In the great commerce which Is
rising on that, ocean. -When that commerce
rises the States lying west of the Rocky Moun
tains will be lt» chief beneficiaries.
"After fifty years we are confronted with
the opportunity, of having arise on the Pacific
Ocean a great marine commerce with numer
ous lines of fteamsl^s running in and out of
our ports.
: "Great cities are simply the focal centers
of converging and diverging lines of commerce
by land and sea. Wherever ocean transporta
tion- focalizes at a -port land j transportation
meets it with like converging ' and diverging
lines.
The First Consideration.
The foreign policy of Mc-
Klnlay has given the Ameri
can nation a standing- in the
earth which it has never be
fore achieved. It possesses an
influence in the councils of the
nations to-day more potent,
more dignified and more ex
alted from every standpoint of
view than it has ever occupied
before. Every citizen of Amer
ica who has traveled abroad
for the last twenty years real
izes this in a signal way. We
have achieved a national
power which carries with it
the responsibility of exerting
an influence upon the destinies
of mankind. This nation can
not by any possibility avoid
the recognition of the respon
sibility which rests upon it as
ons of the great nations of the
¦world. We are living in a time
which will exert an influence
upon all future time. The
great dead sea of human life
in the Orient is to be awaken
ed. New commercial relations
between the western nations
of Europe and the nations
whose countries border on the
Pacific Ocean are about to be
established. The commerce
which will result from this
new relation is vaster than
that of which the world has
had any former experience.
The Pacific Ocean will be th«
theater of a commerce which
will dwarf that of the Atlantic
Ocean, and this will be accom
plished in a very few years. —
W. H. MILLS.
Present Administration Has Shown a Capacity for
Dealing With Great Questions Affecting
the Country's Prosperity.
verge of bankruptcy, a radical change In the
administration of the Government would be
the suggestion of wisdom. We could take no
risk In the way of making: things worse when
we changed from the Democratic administra
tion of Cleveland to the Republican adminis
tration of McKlnley. We Incurred no risk of
making the condition of the country worse. It
was Just as bad as It could be. But at the
summit of the broadest and most beneficent
prosperity which has ever attended the his
tory of the nation, it would be unwise to look
backward, and I do not believe for a moment
that the Amerlcaa people will Incur the hazard
of' change.
The Second Consideration.
"The second consideration is that the foreign
policy of McKinley has given the American
nation a standing In the earth which it ha«
never before achieved.' It possesses an Influ
ence in the councils of the nations to-day more
potent, more dignified and more exalted from
every standpoint of view than it has everi oc
cupied before. Every citizen of America who
has traveled abroad for the last twenty years
realizes this In a signal way. We have reached
a time In the history of the world when our
course must be chosen with reference to the
policies of other nations. We have achieved a
national power which carries with It the re
sponsibility of exerting an Influence upon the
destinies of mankind. This nation cannot by
any possibility avoid the recognition of the
responsibility which rests upon it as one of
the great nations of the wftftft. We are living
In a time which will exert an Influence upon
all future time. The great dead sea of hu
man life in the Orient is to be awakened. New
commercial relations between the Western
nations of Europe and the nations whose coun
tries border on the Pacific Ocean are about to
be established. The commerce which will re
sult from this n«w relation Is vaster than that
of which the world has had any former experi-
ence. The Paciflc Ocean will be the theater
of a commerce which will dwarf that of the
Atlantic Ocean, and this will be accomplished
In a very few years.
"For a brief time the American nation has
arisen to the full stature of the other nations
of the world. For a brief time It has recog
nized its responsibilities as a nation. Only
within the past two or three years have we
received at the hands of the nations of the
world that recognition which has In all time
been our due, and this Improved condition of
things Is influencing: favorably our Internal de
velopment. It is having a direct Influence up
on our industries and commerce. The com
mercial relations of the world are being ad-
Justed and we must not be adjusted out of
them. Commerce exists only where great sur
plus products are produced. It- is the surplus
that Is the object of commerce. The natural
resources of America are greater than those of
any other nation. Under favoring laws our
productive capacity has been vastly augmented.
Let the present condition of prosperity continue
another four years and America will be the
most productive country In the world, and it
will produce the largest surplus of any coun
try. This surplus will be worth something or
nothing only If our relations with the rest
of the world are properly cared for by a wise
foreign policy. The present administration
has shown a capacity (or dealing with these
great questions, and there is no portion of the
United States that is so directly, so signally
and so vitally interested in this new foreign
policy as the country lying west of the Rocky
Mountains."
W. H. Mills Points Out Their Opportunity of Laying
Foundation of Commerce With the Rest
INTEREST OF PACIFIC STATES
IN THE PRESENT CAMPAIGN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1900.
THE LATE MRS. ADA M. BOOKER, WHOSE DEATH WAS HASTENED
BT THE SHOCK CAUSED BY THE BURNING OF HER HOME,
WHERE SHE LAY ON A SICK BED.
5
race In reaching the 'markets of the world and
in economic conditions relating to production.
"The opportunity Is now presented of laying
tbe foundation of 'a commerce which will be
long to us: which will eventuate In the estab
lishment of a commercial relation between our
selves and nearly one-half of the population
of the world. And yet there are persons who
Intend to turn their backs upon this great
opportunity: to undo the history of the past
two years; to extinguish the dawning hope of
the Paciflc States to place their industrial and
commercial development under the stimulating
Influence of an Independent commercial rela
tion with the rest of the world.
"To me this seems very weakmlnded and
foolish. Mr. Bryan says that If he Is elected
President he will give the Philippines an Inde
pendent government. If the Islands do not be
long to this country, what right of Interfer
ence will he possess, and what can he do as
President? If they do belong to the United
States, that settles the whole question, and no
President and no Congress will have the right
to destroy the territorial Integrity of the
country.
"There are two leading considerations which
may be Indulged in without the charge of
partisan bias and without exaggeration. The
first Is that when we compare the condition of
the country at the present time with the con
dition in which it was left by Mr. Cleveland
when his term of office closed, our common
sense prudence is appealed to. Wise men do
not want to hazard the change of existing
conditions when they are entirely satisfactory.
Changes should be consented to only in the
Interest of reforming existing evils. If at the
close of Mr. McKlnley's administration, as was
the case at the close of Mr. Cleveland's admin
istration, we had found every industry of the
country depressed, every Institution on the
First rally of first voters at Metropoli-
tan Temple to-nlfht.
\
House workis Hard work without OoMDust
Whorever there is a mucous membrane
there- catarrh may exist.
The only reason that catarrh Is more
frequent in the passages of the nose and
throat Is because these passages are more
exposed to cold than the other portions
of the raucous membrane. But one Is lia-
ble to have catarrh of the lungs or kid-
neys or stomach or liver or bowels, and
especially the bladder and other pelvic
cr&ans.
Peruna Is a specific in cases of female
weakness or pelvic catarrh and Is heart-
ily Indorsed by all the women.
A free book written especially for
¦women, entitled "Health and Beauty,"
sent to any address by The Peruna Med-
icine Co., Columbus, Ohio.
Mi^s Ida Murray writes from 2537 Polk
street. Minneapolis, Minn., as follows:
•¦•Kvery tall and winter of late years I
had a. severe cough and cold which phy-
slclar.s have been unable to cure. This
lsst winter at the advice of a friend I
decided to try Pcruna. Both my friend
and her family had used Peruna with
good results.
-I was more than pleased with what
the medicine <51d for me. and keeo it
always in the house. I also had chronic
catarrh of the head, which made the
slightest cold so much worse. 1 am com-
pletely cured of my catarrh after four
months' faithful use of Peruna. and my
eencral health is greatly improved. I al-
ways speak a good word for Perura."
IDA MURRAY.
Mrs. Annie Glen. President of the Gen-
eral II. W. Lawton Circle No. 27, Ladies
cf the G. A. R., writes the following let-
ter from Edg^water. 111.:
EDGEWATER. ILL..
S31 Rosemont Avenue.
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus,
Ohio— Gentlemen: "I have suffered for
nearly eight years with more or less back-
ache and bearing down pa-ins which no
doctor's medicine seemed to relieve,
"Finally 1 became discouraged ar.d de-
cided to try patent medicine. My urug^ist
recommended that I take Peruna. and it
was 6imply a God-send to me. Inside of
flv6 weeks I was once more a strong and
happy woman. This is nearly a year ago,
and I have had no recurrence of the
trouble. I am so glad to have found so re-
liable a medicine and shall take pleasure
In recommendliig It to my friends."
Catarrh Generally Thought to Be
a Disease of the Head Only.
Catarrh has been so generally thoug-ht
to be a disease confined to the head and
throat that it is very difficult to get many
people to understand that catarrh may
affect any organ of the human body.
All the organs of the body are lined with
mucous membrane; all the passages of
the body are also lined with mucous mem-
brane.
Completely Cured of
Catarrh by Peruna.
ONCE MORE A HAPPY WOMAN.
TH K TnvrPOBITJM.
TBE EMPOHXCTML
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W^ss Ida Murray
- : Go and listen to first voters' views a.t
Metropolitan Temple this evening, -
fA Drive in Men's
Fedoras*
¦^Numerous short lots of car $1.85 quality lien's
k"""' Fedora Hats, in black, brown, contrast' and pearls,
in all widths of brinn, are marked to c'ose out to-
0 .^ §1.39
£ 35c Poker Chips, 23s.
A big special purchase of 5000 boxe* of Compo-
sition Poker Chips, If inches in diamet3r, 50 white
and 25 each of bine and red to the box; *%*%
on special sale to-day on'y, per box ......... <s& ¦* O
Spevipi Sale of Fine \$f Hid Doll, 79c. /£&
Golf Skirting. * H3re are BOme n?ce Dolls t ; *££
Bay the material for your *'rainy-day dre3» for Chrisrma3: ki, / I]
skirt" to-day, for the chaaces are that jointed. 18 inche3 long' [ 41
anolhpr opportunity like this will not meta! riveted at shoulder) J/Y" 3
present itself this season. We cffer hip and knea, bisque heads- s , J. '
62-inch c'o*h, plaid back, tha right woven mohair wigi in rirg '
weight, in three Fhides of gray, two lets, sleeping eyes, shnwi g
browns, a pretty blue and a handsome teeth, shoes and stockings; g» §§
blue mixture, which is wor,th regu- regu arly $1 each; -? *¦*, M W *
lary $1.75 a yard, for *gy to-day only 79C «¦¦'
Tuesday on'y *pla<»f m _
35o Powdsr Puffs, 17c. Sate of Half Pairs
Bought 200 extra lar •YiJe Swansdown LaCQ CurtQiSiS.
Powder Puffs, with fancy handles, at
ha'f price; they ar<» the kini that w Another accumulation of 250 half pairs
sell regularly for 35c 'each; -« of Lice Curtains, jns'ndhf: some rery
yourj on Ta sday for 1 mC fcesvy linen lace effect?, Arabian and
Brussels irritations, a vjry ehoica lot.
. ¦ ; FinS English China atl of ttem s i yards long and from 45
Burns nnri <*aurni*<s to 6^ inches w:d% worth from $1.00
uups ana sauzers, t0 $5 00 per pair . oa specLal aale
ge-^ A tm-i\\ Jot, 12 dozen (j ay Tuesday, en y.
fcfS^*"S on y. of yery fine Ea-
<<^mWA^ gli ' h Chna TeaCas 4Oo to $1.OO Each.
V^fSj^w^^ and Saucers, a pretty
Jr *^ flited shape, vary tfcin _
and daintily decorated, regular price Ofl/e OT GOtnOSm
$4 20 a drz?n; special price to-day — . ,.._- i.S^«=^
: 8 °f *!*::::::::: :::z: si. 23 S &&A
Mt ** aS PJ*oto Frames, f^M* "MB
One- Quarter Off. Combs and Empire BacK 'MWl
A prominent manufacturer's entire sam- Combs, in the very latest VuHlt/lif
pie line of beautiful Metjl Frames, in ebapeh and finely flaished, a bijr. a*.
four sizes, for miniatures, card, vie- fortment of patterns, worth at least
toria an 1 cabinet picture 1 ; some are 25<^j oa special sale to-day «#>_
jjweled; some are plain; German gray. only. .^... M&G
si ver and go!d finishes; regular price."
from 75c to $6.5C; special to-day on y, n — .. .. -. - mr%
one-quarto* off. 25o Handkerchiefs, 12c
m " We bought from a manufacturer 85
Writing TabietS, 9O, doz^n, all tint ke had, of slightly
Note siz3 Writing T iblets. ruled or plain, jm^jfect a!l-'inen Hemstitched Hand-
linen or satin fiaish, worth regularly kerehiefa. mich sl-ght Imperfactioas as
15c each, 650 only on special -, a thread t0 ° heav ?" bere or a fine
sale to-day at 9C thread m;!>ilin ? th ere; their appear-
*"_ anc3 is injure! but little, their use-
Misses' 92 Shoos $1.38 %$£&$&£& 12o
T — «— I Misses' fiae Vici Kid
V: fe. \ Button Saoes, —— n>» ~ «»¦ J>««
| \V new coin toes, kid 65o Ptilow Shams, 48d
jV^ >sjV tJ P 3 ' shoes that 250 pairs of fu Usize Cambric Pillow
I NvJ^yV^^^ are worth rega- Shims, 3 2x32 <nches, having two rows
»=—^^ lar'y $2, will be of hemititchbg and stamped in a large
\ on sale to-day variety of fl)ra' and convantional de-
(Tuesday) only, all sizes ft - 9 Q sign3, a regular 65c quality; y- o
and widths 9im&t3 on sale to-day only, pair *rOD
Ypsllanti "^OolktctvRoBcaa^M^jii-. Monarch
Ur.ClOrWOHr* CUJFORNUS LAROEST~A.nEKKA-5 OSV-NDEST "sTOKU, GtOVOSm
lil ISi Tbe best ir^^^^^s Savcsfimci'/ li
... B3V AaS fcwiij'*'"" - - -Anecdotes of General Palmer.
Yellow jackets and peacock feathers ought to be
cheip now in China. The wheel of fortune has turned
again and an army of o(ncers are being taught to feel
the stings of imperial wrath.
The innocent old gentleman of New York who paid
$500 for a hug frc^n a lady whom he had never met
before has probably some very serious thoughts on
the expense of living in the metropolis.
"Abraham Lincoln and Bryan. Abraiari
Lincoln and Altgeld. To associate these
three name? together as allies tn a com
mon cause— aye, to pronounce them to
cether in the same breath— Is not only a
fraud, it is a sacrilege r*
It Is somewhat cruel, in view cf hH
present attitude. . for the Commercial-
Tribune o' Cincinnati to reproduce these
sentences from a speech delivered by
Carl Schurz at Pontiac. 111., iour years
ago:
Cruel, to Mr. Schurz.
territory. *
No pRf can again m«tly accuse the Boxer? of being
fearful cf death. A icc-b of thesn has invaded British
lr.wr.ity as an excuse for theft is becoming: some
what Etshioaable in San Francisco. Perhaps the clt
ttrate of Xapa is more conducive to health than thit
oiSanQurr.ua.
The national governors of foreign missions are pre
paring to discuss the situation in China. Th e death
reports from the Orient ought to mike a series oj
valuable documents in the discussion.
Our winter season for petty thieves ar.d highway
men seems to have commenced unusually early this
year. Chief of the Police Depart men;
should do everything in his power to restore thr.t
harmony which contributes at least to the capture cf
a few offenders.
—Atlanta Constitution.
PLANTATION PROBLEMS.
Moses in de trullrash — .
Dar dat boy.wuz foun";
Moses in de bullrush:
'Spose he had er drown?
O. dem ten comman'mlnts
Moses handed down
"vVhar'd dem ten comman'mlnts be
Ef Moses had er drown?
Daniel in «Je lion den
(0. dat titter cup!)
Daniel In d.e lion den:
'Spose dey'd chawed 'lm up?
O. Beisfcazzar.
Beaver hat en gown.
Kow'd you read dat wrltln'
Ef Daniel out er town?
Concerning the exclusion of' some of our wines
from competition because of their label*, the writer
says: "To the average wine-drinker in. the United
States — that is. the person who is not a con
hotsseuT — the words sherry, sauterne, burgundy, port
and champagne are descriptive of a kind of wine.
Without special thought it is taken for granted that
these words are generic, and so one often sees "ports
and sherries and clumpagxes and burgundies which
are made in the United States, and it never occurs to
the average person that there is anything unfair or de
ceptive in these names. To the Frenchman raised
in an atntosphere of wine cuhnre and to the thorough
student of the subject this practice is most reprehen
siblc** If isT noted, furthermore, : - that the practice of
In an elaborate review of the subject a correspon
dent of the New York Sun points out that the success
ol our wines at the exposition has been remarkable-
All told there were about 9000 different exhibitors of
wine and the samples aggregated about 36,000. of
which about 500 were from the United States, exhib
ited by about 100 producers. Notwithstanding the
heaviness of the odds against us, more than So per
cent of the American samples received either gold
or silver medals, and one wine missed by one point
only the Grand Prix.
J~\ FTER all the dismay caused by the announce
/? ment that many American wines had been de
* • nietl the right of competition at the Paris Ex
position, by reason of being marked with improper
Ir.bels. it appears we have come out of the contest with
flying colors and \vi\h a lesson that may be of grei:
profit to us if we give heed to it.
CALIFORNIA WINE LABELS.
Ruhstaller and family of Sacramento are
at the Arlington.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— H. P. Frear of
San Francisco is at the Arlington. F.
CALIFOENIANS IN WASHINGTON
"Civil service reform" is the cry under which
Mayor Phclan's -hired men are perpetrating: civil ser
vice frauds. It might not be unwise tor the gentle
men to give a fair examination just for the novelty
d the thing.
CIUCKERS-C. W. J.. City. "Crack
ers" Is sometimes used by writer?, who
apply the word improperly to the people
of the State of Kentucky. It Is a contrac
tion of "Corn Cracker." which is one of
the nicknaxne« of the State, but not of
the people. Corn cracker Is a corruption
of corn crake (krage) or crow, a speeies
of rallus or rail found In great numbers In
Kentucky. Its local name was given to
It on account of Its peculiar cry.
COOX-G. W. J.. Cits'. "Coon" as gen
erally used is a nickname for a qegro.
Coon as applied to man is a curtailment
of raccoon and is tnought to be of In
dian (Algonquin) origin, aroughem.
scratcher. tfceush some trace it to the
French raton. The contraction politi
cally dates from about 1S4O in th<» ITnited
States, when the raccoon was u*=ed as a
political totem by the Whigs. When thev
first ps*rad»d the raccoon they were called
by the name of the animal, but It was
found more convenient to call them
coons, and that curtallineat stuck to
them.
PREVENTION OF SCALE— A. G. K..
Petaluma. Cal. In a book on fnformatioa
for engineers appears the following on the
subject of the prevention of scale In boil
ers:
"It Is a well-lreown fact that xinc slabs
suspended In steam boilers prevent th«
formation of scale and larsre qcantltlej
are used for that purpose, the following
directions will enable any one to u«e «t
successfully: The proportions necessary
to Insure complete protection are oil*
square foot of rlnc to fifty square fec*
of heating surface in new boilers, which
may be diminished after a tlmo to on*
in seventy-five, or even one hundred fe«C
Merely placing Use xlnc in trays harp
ers or strip* will not Insure metallic con
tact and the action of the xlnc under «uca
circumstances will be weak and llin'ited.
The best method ox fixing the xlnc la to
place a number of studs la the sides of
the furnaces and combustion chambers
and to bolt en to these stud* the rlnc
plates which should b* aaout 10x5x1 tnciu
It is important to see that ti* contact
surfaces are clean and brlgSt and the £:?
screwed clcse to tha xlnc to exclude So
v^ 3 ,?^??* 1 * V^pUae th«n and prc
\f"^, nfir . tIle Kalvanio action. Otherwt^a
i^H?.?^ 8 lha watcr fcocuoua or non-
MUGWUMPS-G. W. J.. City. Mug
wump is derived from the lan
guage of the Algonquin Indians, used by
them to designate a chief or person of Im
portance. It came to be applied deri
sively to persons who exaggerated their
wisdom and importance, particularly
during- the political times of 1S43. It wi»3
use<1 again, politically, to a great extent.
in 1SS4 to designate Republicans who re
fused to support Blaine.
VOTING QUALIFICATIONS — E. L..
City. ¦ In Alabama. Arizona. Arkansas,
Colorado. Indiana. Kansas. Michigan.
Missouri. Nebraska. Oregon. South Da
kota, Texas and Wisconsin an alien who
has declared his Intention of becoming
a citizen of the United States In entitled
to vote, after having resided In the State
a prescribed time, rasping- from six
months to one year.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDEirrS.
M. H. Flint, who had charge of Install
ing the new mall service In Honolulu and
who Is connected with the same branch
of work In this State. Is in the city for a
few days and Is making his headquarters
at the Occidental.
Adolph A. Kraft, formerly of Sacra
mento and now with A. A. Kraft & Co.
of Spokane, Wash., is visiting friends in
town.
Joseph Craig, proprietor of , the Highland
Springs resort, arrived in the city yester
day with his family. They are at the
Grand,
Wiley J. Tinnin. former Surveyor of
the Port, Is in town from Fresno fcr a
few days and is staying at. the GraiyS.
L. J. Rose, son of the late Senator Rose.
is stopping at the Palace. Rose has
charge of a big ranch at Oxnard.
N. Blnckstock. State Railroad Commis
sioner, who resides in Ventura, registered
at the Grand yesterday.
Dr. 0. S. Trimmer and wife of Pacific
Grove are stopping at the Grand for a
few days.
Dr. E. S. Chapman and wife of Water
bury. Conn., have taken apartments at
the Palace.
H. T. Nolte, a prominent business man
in Honolulu, is stopping at the Occidental.
R. E. Hyde, banker at Visalia, Is at the
Lick.
Judge J. M. Mannon of Uklah Is at the
Lick.
J. C. Steele of Santa Monica is at the
Grand.
Dr. C. "VY". Nutting of Etna is at the Oc
cidental.
R. H. Cook, a New York capitalist, is at
the Palace.
John A. Mclntlre of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
Judpc T. G. Lnmbert of Monterey Is reg
istered at the Rues.
Dr. S. W. Jorpensen of Hydesville is
registered at the Grand.
Adjutant General \V. H. Seamans of the
Governor's staff Is at the Palace.
A. M. Allen, the well-known racetrack
builder cf Chicago, is at the Grand.
Superior Court Judge J. T. Ellison of
Leadville' is replstered at" the Grand.
Frank Mattison. grand president of the
Native Sons, is roistered at the Lick.
George L. Brown, an extensive timber
man at Boise City, is at the Occidental.
EPRSONAL MENTION.
Pinole Weekly Times.
Billy Sexton's goat was rattled last
week. \
• •
M. M. Hisruera Is Just recovering from
a sick spell.
• ¦ •
Abe Greenfield spent "Wednesday and
Thursday in San Francisco.
• •
Butcher Dean has been on the sick list
the past week.
• •
Sam McKay, the champion acrobatic
performer, has sot the rafter act down
pat.
• •
Several of the Pinole marHed men have
had to po home niphts for the past week
on accour.t of burclars.
• •
Georpe Grlffln? has been under the
weather for the pa^t week. Xothlng
serious, however.
Bennie Barren has been aultc sick with
inflammation cf the bowels. He Is at
present slowly improving-.
• *
Manupl Moitcza Is ennsidored the cham
pion dishwasher of the town.
• #
Johnnie "Wohlfrom came back from
Nome a sadder but wiser man. "When
nsked what kind of a country It was
John threw his hands in the air ar.d said:
"Oh. my! don't talk Xcnie to me. I'd
rather be on the old beer wagon."
DOIN'S IN PINOLE.
Chretien ar.d Ropers were associated in the scheme
to loot the estate of Joseph Sullivan. Chretien's guilt
Has heen brought home to him and he has entered
upon a ten years' sentence to penal servitude. Rogers
still holds his place as a member of the bar. The Bar
Association permits it. ; Can it be that the association
is utterly indifferent to thr practices of its members?
There are among the members of the association law
yers who are esteemed a« exemplars of the highest
standards and best traditions of the American bar, but
they seem willing to associate with practitioners who
are afraid to give evidence in co::n conccrn:nsr their
practices lest it should convict them of crir.:e. Surely
the public has a right to expect better things of men
»ho> are desirous of public esteem: it has a ripht to
expect the association to take action to defend the
honor of the California bar. Therefore it demands to
know w hat is to be done in the case of James Taylor
Ropers.
The issue is not for the coarts only. James Tay
lor Rogers continues to hold the privileges of a mem
f>er of the bar. Discredited, disgraced and suspected
or. pood grounds of the grossest offenses of which an
attorney can be g-i:i!ty. he still stands before the pub
lic a< a member of an honorable profession with all
the privileges and rights of the foremost and most
honored man at the lar. Under such circumstances
it is the duty of the Bar Association to take action.
The public looks to the association to uphold the
ethics rnd the «iisrn:ty of the California bar. and if it
fail to act in a case so notorious as this the whole pro
fession wiU fa!l under suspicion of conniving at frau
dulent practices, if not actually abettins; them.
When efforts were made to learn from Ropers what
he knew about the conspiracy he declined to answer
questions, alleging as a reason for lv.s refusal that his
answers would incriminate him. If that were not a
confession of guilt, what was it?
All the evidence that has been forthcoming in the
case points to the guilt of Rogers and affords ampl
grouad for n moral conviction that he is at least un
fit to be permitted to practice at the bar. Rogers en
tered the case chiming to represent certain hfirs of
Sullivan. When a motion was made to distribute the
estate to the heir Chretien had brought forward
Rogers objected, but afterward he withdrew the ob
jection and consented to the distribution. He testi
fied in court thai he had neither received nor been
promised money in consideration of withdrawing his
objection. That testimony has been contradicted by
three witne^c?. who have asserted that Roger? was
paid for withdrawing the objection. On that show
ing either Rogers is puslty of perjury or others are,
and the matter should certainly receive the fullest
¦judicial investigation.
JOHN M. CHRETIEN ha? been found guilty on
a charge of perjury committed in his scheme to
loot the estate of the late Joseph Sullivan and
has been sentenced to ten years' penal servitude in
San O«c:itin penitentiary. The conviction serves to
nva'l the offense to the public mind and to reawaken
popular interest in the case of James Taylor Rogers,
v.ho was connected with it about as closely as Chre
tien, but who up to this time has managed to escape
any punishment except the imprisonment imposed
upon him for refusing to answer questions.
James Taylor Rogers should not be permitted to
j>a"ss untried for his offenses. If innocent he shouU
have the advantage of proving the fact in court. If
guilty he should be convicted, disbarred and pun
ished.
CHRETIEN AND ROGERS.
These are straightforward words. Whether they
come from a man of German descent or any other de
<ccnt they represent true Americanism. They show
how foolish has been the boasting of the Bryamtes
that they could separate the German element from
other elements of the people and lure them into the
folly of voting for Bryan by any sort of appeals they
might make to them. There may become objection
able features in the policy of the administration, but
were they tenfold worse they would not be so bad as
the evils of Bryanism. On that point all intelligent
men are agreed. The prosperity of the country de
pends upon the election of McKinley, and German-
Americans as well as other Americans tally under
stand the fact.
Following the same lines and drawing the same
conclusions from the same facts, Abram S. Hewitt,
one of the foremost Democrats in New York, ie
cently said: "I do not see how a Democrat who is
title to the interests of Democracy can in the present
exigency take any other course than to vjote for the
Republican ticket. I projxose myself so to vote, and
I do this because I r.m a Democrat who feels that
Bryanism and all that it stands for is diametrically op
posed to the principles of the Democratic party ai
they were enunciated by Jefferson and as they have
been construed by all'thVgreat men who have led the
Democratic party up to the time of the holding of
the unhappy convention of iSo6, when the old organi
zation was broken up."
Just before his death the . late General John M.
Palmer said: "Imperialism is a false alarm. The
country is not. nor arc McKinley and his followers,
believers in imperialism. Mr. Bryan is the high priest
of Populism, a faction that is already strong enough
to menace the "best interests of a safe government.
Between McKinley and Bryan there is but one course
—to vote for McKinley."
That statement shows that the German point of
view is exactly that of all other conservative elements
in American life. In fact, it shows that there is no
such thing as a German vote distinct from American
votes. Our German fellow citizens are Americans.,
like the rest of us, and have common interests to pro
tect and a common patriotism to animate them. The
conclusions of Mr. Ottendorfer are exactly the same
a«i those of all conservative citizens of whatever race
or of whatever former party differences. Eminent
Democrats as well as eminent Republicans have re
peatedly announced them. '
One of the most influential Germans in the coun
try, Oswald Ottendorfcr, editor of the New York
Staats Zeitung, has brought his paper squarely into
line for McKinley. In an editorial repeating his ob
jection to the Philippine policy of the administration
he says: "In spite of all this we consider a Repub
lican victory less dangerous for the welfare of the na
tion than the election of William J. Bryan. He has
shown in his formal letter of acceptance and in nu
merous speeches delivered since then that he has not
learned, cannot and will not learn, anything in regard
to the financial question: that his ignorance and lack
of perception in this direction are incurable. He
must be considered the greater immediate danger.
His election would undoubtedly produce widespread
disturbance of present economic conditions, from
which hardly anybody would escape, and which would
subject a large part of the American people to severs
suffering."
It is fortunate for the boasters that they took their
rejoicing early iu the game, for otherwise they would
not have had it at all. German voters arc not given
to early shouting. Some of them wished the admin
istration had done more for the Hoers. some are op
posed, like Senator Hoar, to the annexation of the
Philippines, but none of them had any admiration for
Bryan. They' waited for the campaign to shape it
self so they might learn exactly what is to be ex
pected of the two parties. They have now seen and
heard; they have made up their minds and are an
nouncing a determination to remain steadfast in sup
port of the party of prosperity and good government.
DURING the early days of the campaign, while
the silly season was at its height, Democratic
orators, organs, boomer* and rooters had a
halcyon and vociferous time over the German vote.
They claimed it as their o>vn, and boasted a lead pipe
cinch on it. They did not wait for a single egg to be
laid before counting all the chickens in the neigh
borhood as theirs. They put down all the Statei
where there is any considerable number of Germans
as sure for Bryan. Ohio. Illincis, Wisconsin and
Michigan were announced as certain to give their
electoral votes to the champion of free silver and
anti-imperialism.
THE GERMAN VOTE
"TRUSTS" AND CHEAPENED COMMODITIES
A Brief Comparison of Prices for tbe Edification
of Democratic Friends.
Editor Call— Denr Sir: Will you kindly publish the prices on several
classes of merchandise, like sugar, flour, coal oil. etc.. in the years 1SS0, 1KM
and 1000, to show our Democratic friends that "trusts" have cheapened com
modities instead of makin- them higher? Yours, S. P. B.
San Francisco. October 3, 1900.
The Call takes pleasure in furnishing the information suggested, espe
cially in view of the fact that It will be instructive to Democratic readers.
The table below shows the average price of the. commodities named for the
years 1SS0 and 1SC0 and for the first ten months of 1900. figures maximum and
minimum being: taken from prices quoted during the first week of each month:
Maximum. Minimum.
18S0 Flour . 1 6.11 4.O6
Sugar (average for year) 12 9-12
Coal Oil 27 22
1500 Flour "4^30 ~~ "3.60"
Sugar 7.74 1-2 7.57
Coal Oil 29 21
1900 Flour 3.67 2.80 ~
(10 months) Sugar 5.97 5.26
Coal Oil 24.10 13.10
Uncle Sam has trievi expedients without number in
his endeavor to capture the fleet-foote 1 Agninrildn.
and now General Hare has been turned loose after the
rebel. We ought shortly to hear of some substan
tial results.
TUESDAY OCTOHIIR 9. 190
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A!l Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
SIAtfACnirS OITin: Telephone l»rri«M»^l>4
PUBLICATION OITICB !rtnrU«-t nntl Third. S. I'.
T«-I«-plion«- l*r«*«» SOI.
nniTOHIAT. IIOOM* S17 «o 221 Mcvennon St.
T>l«>ph€in«« l'rc«« 2O2.
Ilrlirrrrd by rarrirr>. 18 Onln I»«-r W«k.
miik1«- Copies, n Ce»t». .
TrrniN »»>' M«ll. Inolmlliiu Postaffei
T>AIKY CAM, iln.lu.'.lnu Punday). one y«»«r *« .M
IXAII.T CALX. <tnrlu,l!n«r 5»un<l«y>. 6 niotitb« 3.0<1
r>AlIVr CAM. <1nr!!i<1tn« Pnn.inyV 3 months J.W>
PAII.Y CA1J.- Hy SIiirV M ir.th *> : *
FtTNDAT CALJU On» Ywr ir '''
wni:iu.v cai.u <"n»> v-*« r 1M
All iKiolitiiiMrr* tiro nnHi«rl*«Ml in rrrHvc
walmowlptlon*.
Sample eriplra »i!l lw fprwnr.lt-il wh<«n rrfni^stert.
M«J1 nu!»'<-r!t'rr» In nrrtrrln* rhuicc of «<1<lr*-» fhiuli t«>
p«rt1ru!»r to gtvw both KEW ANP OLD ADOTUR88 In order
to lnsur* n jircmrt atvl Oarr«*t compliance with their rcqucnt.
OAKLAND OFFICE His Urondwajr
GEORCR <\ KHOfiNKSS.
Manarer Fo'«*i(jn Advert »iip\ MvaueO Builriinrf. CSicarro
<I<nnjr r»l*tanci» THejihr>n» "Ontrnl :619.")
rcirw YORK CORRESPOXDENT!
C C OAtll.TOX Hft-nWl J»«in»tre
KEW YonK REPRESKNTATIVB:
STnPIli:\ n. SMITH no Tribune HulMlnir
mew TORK KKWS STANDS:
\VcJdorf-Ainnria Hotel; A. Hrentano. HI I'nlon Square:
Murray Hill ITottL
niiCA(Vt Nicws STANDS;
fhrnnan Ilausw; P. O. Ni»w» Oo. : tlrcat Northern Hotel:
rVe»nnT5t noui«r: Ai:<J!torlum Ilntrl.
WAsnracrox <n. o office m*hi d st.. *. w.
MOIITO\ 12. CRAXE, Corre»i:<tn«!«-n«.
jmwril OKKICK«s fI7 MontK'Jrnery. corner of n»y. open
until »:30 o'clock. S*> J!nyen. open until 9:S0 o'clock. 031
MrAl!!»ter. op*n until 9.50 o'chn'k. SU I,arkln. oix-n until
»:I0 o'clock. 1»41 Mission, orx-n until 10 oVlock. ~61 MnrU*t.
corner Slitrcnth. OTH-n until 9 o'clock. 1034 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. lOfi nicver.th. open until S o" clock. N\V. ci>r
n#r Twenty -seoond Rtid Kentu.-ky. op.-n tint!!' ? nVlnrk.
JAMES B. GRANT, elected Gov
ernor of Colorado in 1882 on the
Democratic ticket, president oi the
Grant Smelting and Refining Com
pany, and a life-long Democrat, has de
clared strongly in favor of the re-elec
tion of President McKinley. He gives
his reasons in the following statement:
Editor San Francisco Call : I am go
ing to support the Republican ticket
this year because I think it is the only
one a sane man can support. This gab
ble about silver, what little of it Bryan
permits to creep into his Western
speeches and interviews, is too silly for
consideration. Silver is dead as a door
nail. If Bryan were elected, too, pro
vider! he carried out his promises, he
would overturn the American foreign
policy which has won respect abroad,
and would make us absurd in the eyes
of the world. My vote will be to let
McKinley finish what he has so well
begun. J. B. GRANT.
Denver. Colo.. Oct. 1, iqoo.
FORMER DEMOCRATIC GOVERNOR OF
COLORADO WILL SUPPORT PRESIDENT
Hon. James B. Grant Says: "Let McKLinley
Finish What He Has So Well Begun."
EVENING WTSCONSTN— Bryan de
serves ffir treatment. Everv man <?¦•
serves fair featment. But Bryan drv*
rot deserve the Indorsement of m»n who
believe in honest money and stable eov
ernment under the constitution. Such
men should b* careful to exr»r»*<» their
opinion of hi? heresies In terms that ear
not be misunderstood, as they krow Terr
well that h's election would be a ealamitr
more lnjurion* than a dozen Gali-eston
tornadoes to the well being of the Unirei
States.
CHARLESTON NEWS ANO COUP.-
IER — The only way to cure th*» dispen
sary lit to kill it and to that complexion
must It come at last. We belfeve th«t
there Is steadily prowine opposition to th-»
dispensary ar.d that this opposition wii!
yet assume political shape. It ha* been
the fruitful source of unnumbered evil*
ard the people will repurtfrUe it ar.d lnst?t
upon seme reasorab'e method of cor.tro"
ir.sr the whisky trade.
NEW YORK EVENING STTN.— T>*
voyaee of the Oregon and the America'*
cup races were in thernsclveg examples
of what American Inwrtion. manipulation
ar.d lmneination could do. American rails
ure F.T^lish streets. American cars ar»
on Enelish railroad 5. American bridses
are sDannlngr Er.pllsh rivers. No wvr.der
the British manufacturers hare grown
anxious as to what the future* will brlr.?r
forth.
PITTPBURO DIPPATCTT.— The United
States has attained supremacy more hy
the superioritv of its labor than th-?
cheapness of its fuel, but it mu?t hold the
lead by both. Wa'er power electricity
does not 'enter sufficiently t.-» disturb the
domination of coal. ar.«l until srae other
means of peneratir.p ener?v !.-? discovered
America and its coal will bold 2;rst place
In the manufacturing world.
DENVER TIMES.— The National Gov
ernment certainly ha«« as much rtznt ?.ni
rower to make ereat impounrUr.s reser
voirs r.ear the headwater? of the lonsr
We<5trrn rivers wherein to store water tor
lrrieatlnc arid lands and Improving navi
gation °f thp rivers In dry seniors as it
has to built! levees alone the rSverV lower
stretches to protect the lowlands from in
undation.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE.— In the pres
ent ca.«e Great Britain may rot want to
arrest Mr. Kruper anywhere. On the con
trary, she may be wll pleased at the
thought of his poinjr tr> Europe or to any
other place where h<» will cause her far
less trouble ard embarrassment than tn
South Africa or as a prisoner of state on
her own har.cls.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT.— When th«
owner of rural property conspire* with
the advertisers to disfigure It for a con
sideration laws and ordinances are power
less at least up to the present time, ana
ln'most instances the matter woulfl seem
to be beyond their constitutional Jurisdic
tion. _v^_ —
NEW YORK COMMERCIAL Ain E£-
TISKR.— As Bourke Cockran said In 1S0C.
Brvan bears in his hand the "flarcln?
torch of Populist discontent. Populist agi
tation and Populist destruction. Every
anti-imperialist who draws votes from
McKinley rtraws them to th'.3 man ana to
the anarchy which he represents.
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN-Mr. Bry
an's repeated assurance that if elected In
1900 he will not seek re-election in 1%A
does not cut any fl>?ure. The D»mocra 3
would be more pleased to hear that f de
feated in 13C0 he would not seek defeat
again In 1904.
CHICAGO RECORD — While Great
Britain has professed its Interest in the
open dcor it also has territorial ami com
mercial advantages which prevent it from
accepting with equanimity any larg-e in
crease of the other powers' pretensions.
CHICAGO JOURNAL-Until we are
wtlllne to put ourselves In the China
man's place and look at the affair from
his point of view as well as from our
own. we shall continue to add to a con
fusion that at times seems hopeless.
WASHINGTON POST— The administra
tion has done much for the people here at
home It has. no matter where the deep
er cau«es l!e at least utilized with
abmtv'and Intelligent devotion the factors
of a splendid national prosperity.
KANSAS CITY JOURXAL-No one can
blame the Filipino leaders for using 1 Bryan
and Bryanlsm to advance the'r cause, but
who can excuse Bryan and his associates
for selfishly eneourapins them la their
hopeles but destructive course?
INDIANAPOLIS NEV.'S. — Political
speakers might save their breatb in dis
cussing whether the constitution follow
the flag. The Supreme Court will attend
to that pba?e of the question and when It
speaks debate will close, too.
IXDIAXAPOL1S PRESS— 'Whether the
coal miners' strike is s.-ttled speedily or
not It has already accomplished great
thins? for the cause of arbitration In
labor disputes.
BOSTON GLOBE.-In ordering the
withdrawal of our troops from China the
Government 13 drawing Itself out of bad
company none too soon.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
That the public is rapidly coming round to that
view of the subject is no longer to be doubted. The
Call has supported it in this State and several, of the
best authorities in the wine industry have approved it.
In fact, right labeling is in the interest of the State.
There is no reason why California should not be as
renowned for its wine as for its fruit, and if our wine
makers display the name of the State conspicuously
on their wine they will soon make it so. The lesson
taught at Paris ought to be accepted in good faith
and not scouted at as an example of French unfairness
or jealousy. We have only to stand by the rule of or
der to obtain from it a larger profit than we could
ever get by sending our wine to market under foreign
labels.
The same view has been taken by others. Lee J
Vance, editor of the American Wine Press and Min
eral Water News, is quoted as saying American wines
are fine enough to stand on their own merits, and do
not need any French name to make them sell. He
admits it will be necessary to keep the names of
French wine districts to describe different kinds of*
wine which are made in this country, because these
names have come to be almost generic in the public
mind, but he advocates their use on the labels in such
a way that there can be no mistake as to the place of
origin of the wine. Thus he says if a winemaker
would use the label "California Sauterne" it would
be entirely fair and unobjectionable to the French
or any one else.
false labeling is not confined to the United States.
The writer says it is common in other wine coun
tries, and adds: "It is done in Germany particularly
with an unquestioned fraudulent purpose." Conse
quently he holds that the French ruling is right, and
that we have no good reason to object to it.
'Flunking people see in this the perpetuation of a'l
trusts, of all combinations in which Mr. Bryan's
friends happen to be interested, and they will be 'found
in a great many such combinations if he is elected. The
Tammany method of giving immunity for a consid
eration appears in Bryan's dismissal of the ice trust
issue. Every corporation in Xew York City that will
not give Croker and his friends an interest is attacked
and bedeviled by T-immany. Those which bestow
their stock on King Croker and his courtiers are not
only let alone but are given facilities and advantage?,
as the ice trust was given exclusive dockage.
We r.re to understand, then, that when a combina
tion buys out all opposition, gets a monopoly on the
dockage which is necessary to carry out its business,
and by the official favor of Tammany has the three
millions of people of New York City at its mercy, it is
merely local, and therefore not deserving of
Colonel Bryan's attention!
That the leaders of his party in New York are in
that trust: that Croker as king of New York gave it
public favors in docking and patronage: that it put
up the price of ice 100 per cent in the hot weather,
to the distress of the poor.* who cannot go to the
country in the summer, are all facts, but Colonel
Bryan decides that they arc not national facts but
local facts.
Another evidence that Bryan is going to pieces is
his answer to a Dakota question about the Tammany
ice trust. He replied, "The New York ice trust is
not a national affair."
Now it is impossible that Bryan should have uttered
such a vicious statement, such a misleading and per
nicious appeal, for any other purpose than to create
prejudice against banks and deceive his hearers into
putting their hands to the work of destroying a sys
tem which Lincoln says was for the protection of
bbcr against the fluctuations of a vicious currency.
U Bryan is not a sheer cretin he knows that a na
tional bank does not issue its note as a promise to
pay money that it has borrowed, but as a promise to
redeem that note in actual money. Its note is a title
to money which it issues to those who want to use
money and desire to pay for its use. A national bank
ing association desiring to go into business with $100.
ooo capital must have that amount of actual money
and must buy with it Government bonds and deposit
them in the treasury. The Government then issues to
the bank $100,000 in notes; each note is evidence that
the bank has in the hands of the Government the ac
tual money to redeem the note. The bank gets 2 per
cent interest on its bonds, and it pays a nearly equal
tax on its circulation, so that its net return on its
$100,000 of capital must come from interest paid by
those who borrow that capital. Its note is not issued
to borrow money, like a note of hand, but is a title to
money that it has deposited with the Government in
bonds. "When a private individual issues his note,"
says Mr. Bryan, "he issues it for the purpose of ob
taining money and pays interest as long as he has the
money." and adds: "When you can obtain interest
on your notes instead of paying interest, you will be
as good as the banks." Of course he knows, if he
know anything, that the bank note is issued not to
obtain money, bm as evidence that the bank has
money to the amount of that note in the treasury of
the United States ready to redeem it. The indi
vidual's note is not issued as evidence that he has
money, but that he has not, and therefore has rente!
the use of it and will pay a certain rent called interest.
We have already quoted Lincoln's recommendation
of the national banks in his second message. In very
few words Lincoln stated the essentials of the system.
His failure to distinguish between a note of lnn<i
and a circulating medium may be simulated. He may
not he such a fool as that speech makes him seem
He may know better, but be. unable to resist his nat
ural gift of deception.
It is somewhat difficult to deal patiently with such
rot. Hut it is of that quality of stuff which he utter*
that is rousing fear and widespread apprehension of
what would follow the elevation of such a man to
power.
In pursuance of his proposition to destroy the
banks he has taken up that issue among the farmer 1 ;.
Talking to them in Nebraska the other day lie said:
"Whenever the private individual issues his note he
issues it for the purpose of obtaining money and pays
interest as long as he has the money: the national
bank issues its note as money and draws interest on
the notes while they r.rc outstanding. When you can
obtain interest on your notes instead of paying inter
est, you will be as good as the banks."
IT is evident that Bryan is going into the air before
he riches the backstretch and will not get on his
feet again during the race. His acceptance speech
at Indianapolis had in it some meager evidences of an
attempt to think out an issue, -but it was injured by
the appearance of his chronic tendency to overstate.
His spirit of exaggeration outruns all discretion.
Since that speech was made he has to accept the Pop
ulist nomination and campaign in those States where
Populism is not yet dead, but sick, though promising
to be able to leave its bed long enough to vote for
him. In that part of his campaign he has rioted
again in all sorts of extravagance.
BRY0N BREAKING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUJUSUAi:, OuTiUiJSR 9, 1900
The late John II. Pa!rr.?r was one of the
•wits of public life. When he- reared from
the Senate he was not <Sl3coixraged, but
satd: "I come Into fashion about every
tea years In Illinois." .When Bryan sent
his message to the Kansas City conven
tion demanding a epeclae declaration for
16 to 1 General Palmer said; '.'If seems
that Bryan would rather 'be -wron^ tfcau
be Presidrnt/'-OseMr Ycrk Tribute.
6
STATIONER A>fO P^rrTER.
15 PARTRIDGE t ?.g5«*
WHITE ASB STEAfl COAL, xS^S
POINTERS. BOOK BIXDEP3.
THE H1CKS-JUDD CO..
O rim «*.. gaa rTtsrra,
PAINTS.
Cy!!a£e- * Labri^at!=c OH*. 3,,-hseU— •• U •-*•<.•
Canjle.. C G. CLINCH A Cot»FU?i"y*
OILS.
OALVANIZINO A>D METALS*
Wftr. * !>*!•? ta V»ta:» * GilvtttZite TOHJf
my METAL WQRKj. C3 H award*.
FRESH AND SALT .MEATS
JAS.BQYES&CQ. c^rr^r^™
ELECTRICAL.
r>. rx wass.
Octrtcal E=gfse~ S» E»a« rt.
COPPEPS.MITH.
L» Y»- i*liin sii P work » *^:*it^li lli
13 WmsJitertra «t. Ttl-phen* Mais S««
COAL. COKE AND PIO rpOX.
J-C WILSON SCO. S«5S5 r s STSa
OP RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
DIRECTORY
XVR- SIEGERrS Anfjatu.Tt BJtters czrtte ti«
»rr*t!t« aafi prep«r<» tie tiuuiiti r^r trs »'.iX,
A half W.sestew befcre cea!s. Get PTEGERT^
Tb« best llvw medioio-. A TecrtaM* rcr* CM
Urer J1X biliousness, frxl'certleis. ecsiKratJaa.*
Dr. Sanford's U-^sr Invigcrator.
Pasture In the milk raisiryr swtfo*
tributary to New Tcrk fca? been bar:*!
br lore cor tinned drr -weather. An a r»-
?nlt the price cf milk . has rone ut» aiv!
ther- is a prospect taat the tx>cr win have
to do wltfccu: the article altcg-ether.
Special Information JuopUed daily to
huslnes* house* and publ!c men dt th»
Press CllrPl^f Rtrreau (AHra'sV 519 ilont-
eamery st. Telephone Main 13-C •
CaL glace trait 5/V p*r T?> at Ta-w=3eT:d*3- #
AMUSEMENTS.
Cult'nrnll-'TlBit."
AIh»nibm — "A Te?.B» Steer."
«>ri»h«-uir.~ VMUiirvlSlr. ,
r.nuid Op.Tm-hi>u»ff— "In rar*rt!*r."
Air-war— "'We Vr\* of T»anr»see."
Tlvol!-"Th«» Jr »•«•»« "
i'niumM« "Qu.i Vttrtln."
Olyn-.j-la. oitimt Ms».>n nn<1 K<1Jy »trtM-t«— Sp*cUltle«.
Ohutm, Zoo and Th«-al«-i^-V«uiJrvllle every aftornoon and
rvrr.lng.
n»cher'f~ Vaudeville.
Sutn< r>ath«— Open tilefct*.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. 1TEBZRACB. lawyer. K3 CaL, CT=r.:* M.
METAL.
Extra CsetTT* «»3 Hfrectjr* cetil Pie**-,
MftAl Wcr»». ir-» First it.Vs*a Fra-.r1*».
PRINTER!.
E.CHTGBES. .aggg*.-3. Champlaln Is called "a greater than
Cartier," "the Illustrious Champlain." etc.
Justify these expressions. Give some ac
count of Chamnlaln's character.
4. Write brief accounts of the exploits
and achievements as explorers of (a) the
Cabots. 'b) Martin Frobisher. (c) Sir Hum
phrey Gilbert, (d) Sir John Hawkins, (e)
2. Who was Jacques Cartler? Give a
brief summary of his exploits as an ex
plorer. What was the practical outcome
of them?
1. What were the parts played in the
early explorations of America by the Eng
lish, French. Spaniards, Portuguese and
Italians respectively? How waa It that In
those early explorations the Spaniards and
the Portuguese had a distinct advantage
over other nations?
Note— In this paper only four questions
are to be answered in all. one of which,
however, must be No. 9. Only such an
swers are expected as can be framed from
a study of the lessons in the courses of
the Home Study Circle.
3. (a) Write a full account, and as pic
turesque as possible, of the life and ad
ventures of I>aniel Boone. (b) Give a
brief account of John Sevier.
9. Specify fully the work accomplished
In the task of exploring and opening up
the great West by (a> Meriwether Lewis
and William Clark, <b> Zebulon Montgom
ery Pike, (c) John C. Fremont. •
7. Give after Professor Smith a clear
account of the early French discoverers
and explorers of the'Mississippi.
5. Give after t>r. Powell a brief account
of the early discoverers of New England.
New York ami Virginia, with some ac
count also of their respective discoveries.
In particular Rive an account of Miles
Standlsh. Henry Hudson and John Smith.
6. Write brief notes on the exploits a.-!
American explorers of (a) Cortez, (b) Nu
nez de Ralhoa. (o Ponce de Leon, (d) Fer
dinand de Soto.
Sir Francis Drake, (f) Sir Walter Raleigh.
To what direct extent were these early
explorers colonizers, and to what extent
was the work of colonizing the new con
tinent indlrectlv affected bv them?
Directions— White with ink on white paper and on only one side of each sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at th« top
of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than one>
course should mall their examinations in separate packages. Mall the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage is fully
prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged In three groups according
to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent, (2) good, (3> fair.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the
courses. Candidates will have three weeks in which to prepare their answers.
Certificates will be granted in each course to students whose examination
papers meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to
The Home Study Circle, The San Francisco Call. Mark all papers "Exami
nation."
EXAMINATIONS.
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour- Eaton.
DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS OF NORTH AMERICA.
TO SAIL.
¦NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
tha city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the helRht of tide is th« same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
' Times \ and Heights of High and Low
"\Vaters\tt Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9.
Sun rises • ; «:12
Sun sets o:*l
M non rises ¦ *>:15 P- m.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N. f Mer
chants' Exchance. San Francisco, Cal
October 8, 1900.
The time ball on the tcwer of the now Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. •.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
. C. Q. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are (riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time of
the day. 'he third time column the third tl.io
and the last or richt hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as rometimes occurs. The heights
siven are in addition to the sounding on the
United States ¦ Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sl*n f— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth Riven hy the charts. The plane of
reference is th»» mpan of the lower low waters.
Judge Bahrs ordered a decree of fore
closure entered yesterday In favor of the
Ili'oprnla Savings and Loan Society and
against James T. Boyd and John G. Mc-
Cullough for $44,000 principal and $16,127
interest. Four pieces of property are cov
ered by the mortgage — one on the north
easterly line of Ninth street, 125 feet
northwesterly from Mission: one on the
southeasterly line of Park avenue, 150 fe?t
northeasterly' from City Hall avenue; one
on the northeast corner of Montgomery
and Lombard streets, and one on the
northeast corner of Hyde and California
streets.
Big Foreclosure Decree.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NETW YORK— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Bovlc
from Llverr>ool.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Deutsch
lanrt, from Hamburg', for New York.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Oct 7— Br ship Doven
by Hall, from Portland, Or.
NEWCASTLE, England— Arrived Oct 7— Br
ship Jessomene. hence April 23.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 6— Br ship Machrl
hanish, for Kraser River. ,
NEWCASTLE. Australl.i-In port Aug 2ft-
Br ship Dltton, for Ban Francisco.
NANAIMO-- Arrived Oct 6— Stmr San Mateo.
from Port Los Ansreles.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 8— Br stmr Duke of
Fife, from China; schr Ocean Belle, from seal-
Ing cruise, with 333 skins.
UNION BAY— Arrived Oct 8— Br stmr Tees,
from Alaska.
CASPAR— Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Luella. for San
San Francisco: 6 — Ship Ludle. for San Fran
cisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 24-Schr Aloha,
from Laysan Island. To sail Sept 27— Ship John
Currier, for Seattle; 25— Ship- Florence, for
Puget Sound; 2S— Br ship Dunreggan. for Seat
tle.
KAHULUI— Sailed Sept 22— Brig Lurllne. for
San Francisco; 2J-Ship Antlpe, for Oyster Har
bor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 8— Schr Mag
gie C Russ. hence Sept 15.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 8— Ft bk Amlral
Courbet, from Nantes. Arrived Oct S— Stmr
Del Norte, hence Oct 4.
PORT LOS ANOELES— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr
Pasadera. from Eureka: stmr Alcatraz, from
Greenwood. Sailed— Stmr Whltesboro. for San
Francirco; stmr Pasadena, for .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IXDBOS, Oct E— 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northwest, velocity 6 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept 19, Ion 26 W— Br ship Euphrosyne, hence
June 13, for Queenstown.
Sept 11, lat 43 S, Ion 113 W— Fr bk Marechal
Vllliers, from Oreron. for Tyne.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 8— Schr Oka
mogan, from Port Townsend; schr Maria E
Smith, from Port Townsend.
SOUTH BENL) — Arrived Oct 8 — Schr Gotaraa,
h< FORT CI BRAaG— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Noyo.
LANDING-Sailed Oct 8-Schr
Ocean Soray, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 8— Schr Stimson.
fr pORT eat BLAKEI>EY-Arrlved Oct 8-Schr
Ludlow and Fred E Sander, from Port Town
"haDLOCK— Arrived Oct 8— Bktn John Pal-
m pORT° m TOW e NSBND-Arrtved Oct 8-Schr
Okanogan, from Hllo. for Port Gamble.
COOS BAY— Arrlxed Oct 8— Stmr Empire,
hence Oct 5. '¦ ¦' ¦¦" * ¦¦
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 8— Schr F S Redfleld,
from ¦ Port- Townsend. i , , ¦ - • -
UMPQUA— Sailed Oct C— Schr Louise, for San
Pedro. Arrived Oct S— Schr Sadie, from Re-
BEATTLE— Sailed Oct 5— Bktn Bealcla, fox,
Schr Lottie Carson, Anderson, 10 days from.
Hedondo.
Sciir Repeat, Olsen, 8 days from Columbia
River.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 30 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Btulah, Mitchell, 8 days from Wallapa
Harbor.
Schr Monterey, Peck, 50 hours from Crescent
City.
CLEARED.
Monday. October 8.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. !
Ship Emily F Whitney, Brlgman, Honolulu;
Alexander & Baldwin.
Hr ship Milverton, Clecence, Antwerp; G. W.
McXear.
Br ship Glencaird, English, Queenstown; Ep
plnser & Co.
Schr Arago, Mclntosh, Unga; Lynde & Hough
Company.
SAILED.
Monday, October 8.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Eureka.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr « W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Newbursc. Peterson. .
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, Newport.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, .
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, .
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle. Am esport. ;•*¦-•;
II S strar Iowa. Cooper. Santa Barbara.
U S stmr Unadllla. Kavanagh, Santa Bar
bara.
Schr C H Merchant, Carlson. 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Anderson, 24 hours
The steamer Curacao sailed Sunday for Mex
ico with a (feneral cargo valued at $19,129, in
cluding the following:
3 cs acid, 4 sks stearlc acldi 4 cs arms and
ammunition, 17 cs axle grease, 4 cs assay
goods, 23 cs Apolllnaris water, 5 bbls beer, 10
sks-beans, 55 tins bread, 1934 lbs bird seed, 1000
lbs canile wax, 111 ca canned goods, 3 cs coal
oil, 24 ceils cordage, 15 cs dry goods, 20 cs
drug*. 40 cs dry fruit, 19 cs electrical goods, 11
cs lire bricks, 60 ca fuse, 1031 cs fruit, 7 hbl»
flour, 5S crs furniture, 12 cs Klnger ale, 1373 pkes
groceries and provisions, 250 cs hardware, 10
bales hay, 4 bales hose, 3 IS bdls iron, 40,919
feet lumber. 14 cs liquors, 211 pkgs machinery,
40 cs mill stuffs, 7 cs musical Instruments. 7
cs mineral water. 34 kegs nails t.id tpikes.
135 its onion?,- 4$ cs 3 bbls oil, 5 pianos
and Btools, 10 cs paint. 53o crs potatoes,
55 bdls paper, 62 bdls pipe, 228 cs
paste, 250 flasks . quicksilver, 10 . cs rubber
Roods. 19 cs starch, 58 bdls steel, 13 cs station
ery, 872 bdls Bhooks, 4 cs typewriters. 22 chests
tea, 17,228 lbs tallow, 118 cs whisky, 3 crs
wagon material, 40 bbls whale oil. 9 «s wire,
5442 gals 7 cs wine, 2243 lbs malt, S7 cs raisins.
17 bdls spice. 10 bbls vinegar. 15 bbls pitch. 10
bbls tar. 43 pkgs lead. 10 txlls oars. 10 bbls
r*Kln, 36 cs salmon, 69 pkgs Chinese provisions,
1S20 lbs rice, 27 cs shoe findings, 15,000 Ib9 blue
stone.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, October 8.
Ktmr Mlneola, David, 82 hours from Tacoma.
fc-tmr Scotia, Walvlg, 20 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, 22 hours from Eureka,
bound to Newport, put In to land passengers.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Tlllamook, Hughes. 14 hours from Al
bion. .
Stmr Coon Bay. TCoponder. 75 hours from
Newport and way ports.
Wh stmr Balaena, Williams, 26 days from
Arctic Ocean, via Unalaska 13 days*.
Hark Gerard* C. Tobey, Gove, 10 days from
Comox.
ltktn Tarn o' Shanter. "Wilson. S days from
Large Cargo for Mexico.
20.CSO lbs sulphur. 105 cs raisins, 15 kegs rivets.
170 lbs tobacco, 4 cs typewriters, 25 gala wine.
2 ca wire.
ley, 22.10S ctls rye, and 22,000 feet lumber dun
nag-e. Value, 182,628.
Charters.
The barks Alert and Andrew Welch will
load merchandise for Honolulu; the County of
Edinburgh, wheat at Portland for Europe, 40s
(Is 3d less direct), prior to arrival; the Europe,
wheat at Portland for Europe. 40s. prior to ar
rival: the James Kerr, wheat or bartey at this
port for Kurope, 40s, prior to arrival; the
Xomia, wheat at Portland for Europe, 41s 3d.
prior to arrival; the Tropic Bird, merchandise
to Tahiti; the Yosemlte, lumber on Puget
Sound for Sydney, 62b 6d, prior to arrival.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Umatllla cleared yesterday fcr
Victoria with cargo valued at 116.939. of which
$9194 was for Victoria and the balance for
Sydney. The following were the principal
shipments:
For Sydney— 100 cs canned pulp fruit, 1S30 cs
canned snlmon.
Kor Victoria— 2 cs arms and ammunition. 10
cs axle grease, 108 cs canned goods, 17 pkss
Chinese provisions, 2 bdls cordage. 4 cs dry
goods, 31,011 lbs dried fruit, 15 cyls gas, 5 pkua
Kraj'hophone Roods. 21 cs hardware. 60 pkRS
Kroceries and provisions. £5 bxs lerrtons. 1220
lbs mill stuffs, 24,590 lbs malt, 100,000 lbs
nitrate, ICO cs paste, 8 cs printing Ink and
supplies, 20 kegs pickle*, S crs vegetables.
BRITISH BARK GLENCAIRD, OVER WHICH THERE HAS BEEN
MUCH CONTROVERSY. LLOTD"S SURVEYOR HOLDS THAT SHE IS
OVERLOADED. THE UNDERWRITERS WILL LET HER GO, HOW
EVER.
A letter of regret was read from Gov
ernor Gape, who had an engagement In
Southern California.
Chief Executive of New Hampshire
Pleasantly Entertained by the
Union League Club.
Governor Frank W. Rollins of New
Hampshire was tendered a reception by
the Union League Club at Its cozy rooms
In the Palace Hotel last evening. About
100 members were present and a most en
joyable evening was passed. The guest of
the evening is the youngest Governor in
the United States to-day.
Governor Rollins was given a warm
greeting and he spoke about twenty min
utes, touching upon some of the more no
table things for which New Hampshire is
known to the world. The Governor dwelt
also upon the beauties and riches of Cali
fornia and described picturesquely some
of his trips through this section of the
State.
Judge Carpenter was called upon to re
ply to the sentiments expressed in the
following telegram received from Con
verse J. Smith, formerly of New Hamp
shire and now connected with the United
States Treasury Department in Boston:
New Hampshire Bends greeting to California
and thanks the citizens of the Golden State for
their hospitality to Governor Rollln?. The Ea^t
and W>5t are thus brought Into clneer honds of
union and sympathy. \\> offer you the toast
'"Our greater republic. whoi«e civilizing- influ
ence follows the f!a(j and the enterprise of its
citizens to all lands." : /.
GOVERNOR ROLLINS IS
TENDERED A RECEPTION
Acting Collector of Customs Stanley
Jackson has appointed Chinese Inspector
J. H. Barbour as chief pro tem. of the
Chinese Bureau durinjr the absence of
Chief Jamrs R. Dunn, who has gone East
for a vacation.
Barbour Is Chisf Pro Tern.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Ella A. Shaw from Edward J.
Shaw for willful neg!ect, and Mrs. S. B.
Chapman from II. S. Chapman for failuje
to provide. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Alice A. Alexander against 'Wil
liam I. Alexander for desertion: EmeUe
Preston against Joseph Preston for cru
elty; Mary A. Townsend against John E.
Townsend for desertion; Kit a Newhauer
against S.iul Newhauer for desertion, and
Charles Drescher against Marie E. Dres
cher for desertion.
In the Divorce Court.
David Bais Missing.
David Bais. a professional accordion
player residing at the corner of Vallejo
and Dupont streets, has been missing
from home since last Saturday.
In the matter of the listing of the
steamer W. II. Kruger In Santa Barbara
channel on August 20. Captain C. N. Krog
was exonerated from all blame. The
steamer was top heavy with a decklond.
of lumber, and when the lumber wa3
thrown Into the sea the vessel righted.
Captains Bolles and Bulger. United
States inspectors of steam vessels, filed a
report yesterday with Captain John
Bermingham. supervising inspector, in the
matter of the running down by the steam
er Dauntless of two gasoline launches In
the Mokelumne River on September 14.
Captain D. H. McNeill was exonerated.
Sea Captains Exonerated.
BIG BRITISH BARK GLENCAIRD
HAVING A PECK OF TROUBLE
Lloyd's Surveyor Re
fused to Pass
Vessel.
Unable to Secure
Crew to Replace
Deserters.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. . : pj/.
The British ship Glencaird cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 88.175 ctls
wheat valued at J99.S68, and 15.000 feet lum
ber dunnage, value 1375. Total value, $100,243.
The British ship Milverton cleared yeeter
day for Antwerp with 51,103 ctls chevalier bar-
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Water Front Notes.
Al Murphy, a City 'Transfer man, was
locked up in the harbor police station
yesterday by Sergeant "Tom" Mahoney
on a charge of extortion. This Is the first
arrest of the kind, in six months, and goes
to show how well Sergeant Mahoney and
his men have the runners in hand.
Monday night Fong Sing arrived from
the interior en route to China. He is
booked to. sail on the Coptic to-morrow.
At the ferry Murphy got hold of him
and by a roundabout way took him to Du
pont and Clay streets, charging $2 50 for
the run. The regular charge Is 35 cents.
Now, For.g's cousin happens to be secre
tary ot the Six Companies, and when he
heard the story he at once made his com
plaint. Result. Al Murphy is locked up
on a charge of extortion and has to re
main in jail for lack of $50 bail.
The bark Gerard C. Tobey. which ar
rived from Comox, B. C. yesterday, has
been purchased by Welch & Co. and will
go Into the Hawaiian trade. Captain West
Gove Jr. is master of her.
Captain West Gove Sr. retires from the
bark General Fairchlld. and Captain Wil
liam H. Ellis takes his place.
Captain Charles Davis takes command
of the bark Coryphene. Captain Erlcksen
remains ashore and will take a new ves
sel now building for the same company.
The new ferry steamer San Pablo will
go on the drydock Thursday and will have
her trial trip Saturday.
First of the Whaling Fleet.
The Pacinc Steam Whaling Company's
Balaena returned from the Arctic yester
day after an ususually successful season.
She ran into a school of whales and be
fore the leviathans escaped the crew of
the steamer had secured 47,000 pounds of
bone and ISO barrels of oil. So plentiful
were the cetaceans that oil was not
thought of and all the men secured in
nearly every instance was the head. In
round figures the catch of the Balaena Is
worth J2UO.O0U. •
The Balaena left here on March 19 of
last year and went direct to Bering Sea.
From Dutch Harbor .she made her way
north to Point Barrow and there the
whales began to appear. Captain Williams
followed them over to the Siberian coast
and made a "ten strike" every. time.
When whale after whale was taken the
men began to weary of the work and de
manded a return to San Francisco. The
Balaena's prow was accordingly turned
this way, but luck still followed her and
more whales were taken. A stay of a
couple of weeks was made at Dutch Har
bor to clean and assort the bone.
Captain Williams reports the catch of
the remainder of the fleet up to August
22 as follows: Jeanette 1, Narwhal 2,
Grampus 10, William Baylies clean, Alex
ander 1, Fearless 2 and Bowhead clean.
Up to August 22. therefore, the whalers
have made a very poor showing.
Wisconsin's Trial Trip.
The battleship Wisconsin will leave for
Santa Barbara Channel to-day to have
her trial. The Ranger left for the scene
of action a couple of days ago, the Una
dilla followed Sunday and the Iowa and
Philadelphia followed yesterday. The four
latter vessels will be used as stake
taoats. The trial of the big battleship will
probably take place next Thursday, but.
of course, everything will depend upon
the wind and weather.
Challenger Reports Finding Mast of
a Ship Floating in the Water.
Shipping men are wondering what ves
sel bound from Europe to this coast lost
a mast off the Horn. The American ship
Challenger at Honolulu from New York
reports that on July 24 in latitude 40° 41'
south, longitude S9' 35' west (about 1000
miles from the Horn in the Pacific), a ves
sel's mast was passed.
"It looked like a foremast broken off
half way up," says the captain. "It was
lying Hat in the water and the yards were
attached. The topsails and topgallant
sails were set and the royals were furled.
1 think tho sails were made of cotton
duck. The lower mast was a whole stick,
not a built mast. Kept a man aloft ill
day on the lookout, but did not see any
thing of the vessel. The Challenger was
running at the time under whole topsails
and foresail. Weather squally."
DISASTER OFT THE HORN.
THE British four-masted bark
Glencalrd has been having a hard
time of It lately. She came here
from Newcastle. N. S. W., and
soon after her arrival all of the
crew deserted. This did not bother Cap
tain English, however, as every deserter
meant a saving to the ship of from *40 to
$50 In back pay.
The Glencalrd went from England to
Australia and from the Island Continent
to San Francisco, and all the men got dur
ing the year which it took to make the
run was what they could draw from the
slop chest and a few shillings advanced
by the captain from time to time.
As matters turn out now the master of
the Glencaird would hav« done well to
have kept his men by the ship. The ves
sel Is loaded .*nd ready to fall, but for
nearly a week It has been impossible to
obtain a crew. Saturday a gang of hobos
was put aboard, but a Sunday aboard ship
was too much for them and yesteraay
morning they came ashore bag and bag
gage. Some of them complained that the
ship was overloaded, and the attention of
Captain Metcalf. Lloyd's surveyor, wn.s
called to the matter. A rigid examination
was made and Captain Metcalf refussd to
allow the vessel to go to sea. Then cap
tains Watson. Thayer and Mills, repre
senting the underwriters, were called in
and they decided that the ship was not
overloaded. Captain Metcalf still Insists
that the vessel is below her Plimsol mark,
but waives his right In view of the action
of the underwriters.
The chances are that a new crew will be
procured for the Glencaird to-day and
Captain English will at once proceed to
sea.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
America Maru.. China and Japan Oct. 9
Australia Honolulu Oct. »
Kalnler Seattle .*. Oct. 9
City of Puebla. Victoria Oct. 9
Mlneola Tacoma Oct. 1
Tollus iOyater Harbor (Oct. 9
Corona 'San I>l»»;o JOcL Id
Condor INanalmo lOct. 10
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 11
Eureka Humboldt Oct. It
Mackinaw Seattle „.. Oct. 11
Willamette Seattle Oct. II
Fmplre Coos Bay Oct. 11
Czarina Seattle Oct. 12
Bonlta Newport Oct. 12
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 12
Pomona [Humboldt Oct. 13
Panta Rosa ISan Diego Oct. 14
Walla AValla .. Victoria Oct. 14
Del Norte Portland Oct. 14
Progreso Tneoma Oct. 14
Arcata Coon Bay Oct. 14
Grace Dollar... Rray3 Harbor Oct. 14
Crescent Clty...lCrescent City Oct. JS
Coos Ray [Newport Oct. 16
Steamer. I Destination. I Satis. 1 Pier.
City PydneylNew York (Oct. 9, 12 m!PMS3
Argo |Coqulllen....|Oct. 9 1
North Fork|Humboldt i«Jct. ». 9 am Pier 2
Rival IWIUapa (Oct. 9 |
Arcata [Coos Bay Oct. 9. 12 m Pier 13
Coptic China & Japan Oct. 10. 1 pm PMSS
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 10. 11 am Pier 21
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 10. j- am Pier 11
Pomona ...iHumboldt Oct. 10, 2 pm Pier 9
Corona ISan Diego Oct. 12. 11 am Pinr 11
Rainier ISeattle Oct. 12 Pier 13
City PueblalVictoria Oct. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Czarina ... Seattle Oct. 14. 5 pm Pier 8
Bonita NcwtKjrt Oct. 14. 11 am Pier 24
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 15. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 13, 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 16, 11 am|Pler 11
n iTimel |Tlme| I'ilmei |llm«|
p Ft. - Ft. 1 Ft. i , F:.
• |L,W1 H_W L_V^ JH_W|
T~ f 501 1.9 11:23 6.0 S:6S|— 0.4
1H W L. TV - H -W Z. W
in 0'4S 4.9 5:42 2.S 12:03 6.0 6:45—0.4
11 '"¦ 1-48 4.6 6:27 2.7 12:45 5.9 7:40 —0.4
12*" 2:50 4.5 7:15 2.9 1:30 5.6 8:40-0.2
13 "" 3:57 4.8 S:17 3.3 2:25 5.3 9:43 0.1
14 "" 5:04 4.3 9:39 3.3 3:31 5.H 10:.v>l O.S
15 .." 6:06[ 4.5111:11 3.2| 4:47| - 4.8| 11:51| 0.8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
America Maru.. China and Japan Oct. 9
Australia Honolulu Oct. »
Kalnler Seattle .*. Oct. 9
City of Puebla. Victoria Oct. 9
Mlneola Tacoma Oct. 1
Tollus iOyater Harbor (Oct. 9
Corona 'San I>l»»;o JOcL Id
Condor INanalmo lOct. 10
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 11
Eureka Humboldt Oct. It
Mackinaw Seattle „.. Oct. 11
Willamette Seattle Oct. II
Fmplre Coos Bay Oct. 11
Czarina Seattle Oct. 12
Bonlta Newport Oct. 12
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 12
Pomona [Humboldt Oct. 13
Panta Rosa ISan Diego Oct. 14
Walla AValla .. Victoria Oct. 14
Del Norte Portland Oct. 14
Progreso Tneoma Oct. 14
Arcata Coon Bay Oct. 14
Grace Dollar... Rray3 Harbor Oct. 14
Crescent Clty...lCrescent City Oct. JS
Coos Ray [Newport Oct. 16
Steamer. I Destination. I Satis. 1 Pier.
City PydneylNew York (Oct. 9, 12 m!PMS3
Argo |Coqulllen....|Oct. 9 1
North Fork|Humboldt i«Jct. ». 9 am Pier 2
Rival IWIUapa (Oct. 9 |
Arcata [Coos Bay Oct. 9. 12 m Pier 13
Coptic China & Japan Oct. 10. 1 pm PMSS
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 10. 11 am Pier 21
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 10. j- am Pier 11
Pomona ...iHumboldt Oct. 10, 2 pm Pier 9
Corona ISan Diego Oct. 12. 11 am Pinr 11
Rainier ISeattle Oct. 12 Pier 13
City PueblalVictoria Oct. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Czarina ... Seattle Oct. 14. 5 pm Pier 8
Bonita NcwtKjrt Oct. 14. 11 am Pier 24
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 15. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 13, 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 16, 11 am|Pler 11
n iTimel |Tlme| I'ilmei |llm«|
p Ft. - Ft. 1 Ft. i , F:.
• |L,W1 H_W L_V^ JH_W|
T~ f 501 1.9 11:23 6.0 S:6S|— 0.4
1H W L. TV - H -W Z. W
in 0'4S 4.9 5:42 2.S 12:03 6.0 6:45—0.4
11 '"¦ 1-48 4.6 6:27 2.7 12:45 5.9 7:40 —0.4
12*" 2:50 4.5 7:15 2.9 1:30 5.6 8:40-0.2
13 "" 3:57 4.8 S:17 3.3 2:25 5.3 9:43 0.1
14 "" 5:04 4.3 9:39 3.3 3:31 5.H 10:.v>l O.S
15 .." 6:06[ 4.5111:11 3.2| 4:47| - 4.8| 11:51| 0.8
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlnp From " a. n. to U p. m.
ADMISSION'. 10c. CHILDREN, 5c.
P.athlnp, inrlufliriR admission, 25c; children, 20c
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN* NIGHTS.
, A man is often able to do seemingly, im-
possible things because he tnlnks he Is
able.
6AN RAFAOL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Ettwrat* Room a, Grmcwiiunj, Military OrtU,
Eto.
CHRIBTMABTERM BEaTN'fl AnOTJ8T 14TB.
REV. C. XUTCHOOCK. FrtncipU.
Hitchcock School,
Reasons will be given this evening: at
Metropolitan Temple why first voters will
support McKinley. . .
jgjj|d||8. £C £$>-
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
F °r the cure of GONORIIHOEA. GLEETS
STRICTURES and analagous cornplalnts of the
Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by drun«lsts
There is no hog fat in COT-
TOLENE, nothing but pure
vegetable oil and choice beef
suet, and as a consequence food
cooked 'with .it is delicious,
wholesome and easily digested.
One trial will convince you of its
gl The N.K.Falr bank Company,
I | Chicago— Sole Manufacturers.
PRTTF f Oar "dainty booklet, .
r l\fc~E< I .. A i, ubll0 eecret,"
mailed free to any addrenj. . For
one Sc stamp we will send free our
1» pass roclpa book. "Horn*
Belpm,- 7 edited by Mrs. Korer.
WHITE COTTOLENE
should take its place, and as a
result both your food and health
would be improved.
Don't use hog fat.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Maker weak mm and women strong and strong
men and womm stronger. Itoorns & and 6 47
Po»t st.. San Francisco. Cal.
PUTT DflUAl M°a r r n ke r t F S Urt - h '^
V ll I L II U I II L S«un?f«Sai Lage"
Sc. Overcoats and
valises checked fre«
DR. HALL'S BEINYiGORATOR^TSTf?!
Five hundred reward for any fejng Mfi£l
case -ac cannot run-. This secret E332 EiSU
remedy Rtnpg all losses In 24 hours, F m
cures Emissions, Impctency.' Varl- KZ8 (PKj
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Kitn. PfxA Wffl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all LfrMJ I L'i'l
wohtinjt e!Tr-rts of M!-!?-abusi> or BafflS B2«
r-xcesses. Sent sra'.^d. J2 br.ttlo; S wEaBESW
bcttles, $5: cuaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MKDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
liroadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for eale at 1073H
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Seng for fne book.
TTT^rrTFR'C; CONCERT HOUSE.
Alice Raymond, John Kurkamp. Lillian
Jeanette. Mae Tunison, Eudora Korde, Oscar
Lienan. Robert Ellis, Antonio V«rga«. Harold
Basford and New Moving Pictures.
Reserved fteate. tSei Matinee Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES— 23 AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone— Bush 9.
WEDNESDAY.'
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS,
• BARKER OF SLVILLE."
SIGNOR LUCENTI.
"THE JEWESS."
Special Er.prairement of th* Great Ba.-so,
ilXOTHER GALA GRAND OPKRA WKEK.
TO-XIGHT! TO-NIGHT 1 . TO-NIGHT!
Thursday, Sunday Evenings, Saturday Matinee.
AMUSEMENTS.
NOTHING BDTJEADLINERS !
CAMILLE D'ASVILLE !
TOM NAWN AND COMPANY.
EDDIE GliUBD-AND-JESSIE GARDNER
THE GREAT EVERHART.
WILLIS TflOUPE.
TlinnC POIRIEHS. BELLE DAVIS.
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH,
Showing a
Panorama of the Wrecked City
of Galveston
T>5*Tve<5 P^at?. r>; Balcony, l&c; Opera
nmirj" and Box Prats. f.Or.
M*t!ri*~9 1 Wedn»?>day. FsturCay and Sunday.
UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS.
r. C. WHITNEY and EDWIN KXOWLES*
vPl\HJll^i-l.L. N>w York Production of
! 'TfiTr.at'.zel by Ptanipla\i* Ptans*.
Stacd by Max Frcf-man.
Mufic by .TuMan Edwards.
loo— people— ioo: «-great acts— «:
rmrns *i r»o. ?i. 75c, soc. 25c
Tu-M'JHT: TO-XIGHT!
"FAUST."
L.AST WEEK AZZAU ITALIAN' GRAND
OPERA COMPANY.
TO-JIOBEOW NIGHT
"ERNAINI."
Commencing Funiay Aft^r-nr>on— A FAHCE
WITH A PLOT.
"a HiNivyj hoodoo: 1 "
Ir.trrvJucin*
ANNA BOYD. GEO. LARSEN. MATTIE
LOCKKTTK and £0 OTHERS.
POPULAR PRICES— Ntpht Tic 50c. Zk;
Matins 50c. Z>c.
ALF. ELI.INrjHOrpn. 1'r ;•. and Mgr.
Phone South 77<i.
EVERT EVEXINC THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY
THE RECORD-BREAKER 1 .
UOVTS Wry P.e*t Effort
A Texas Steer I
rAN* AM.-STAU COMPANY!
From Hoyt's Ma<lison-Souare ThraUr, X. T.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
"Takr Off That Hat!"
POPULAR PRICES:
nT»n!nir» 15c, 25c. 2Sc. 5fic and 75c.
M»tliw*e lie, 23c 35c and DOe.
ORAND CPF-PA HOUFC
—
SIATCCEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEW if IISfeFj SaHa U PANY
ONLY THIS WEEK!
The New York Comedy Success.
EVENING PP.ICES— IOc. I5c, 25c. SOc.
A Few Front Rou-«< in Orchestra 75c
SI ATI NEE PRICES— lOo. 15c. iI3c. SOc.
No HI cher
Branch Ticket OTnce— Emporium.
cIVheatre r A>
LAST WEEK.
WE UNS OF 7
TENNESSEE
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SURDAY.
Seats by Phone Main 2M- Six D«r» >n Advance.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ICext Weelc-"THE CORSICAX BROTHERS."
WnHr Call $1.00 DerYear
A2H7SE2IENTS.
For purity and quality in beer drtnlt
"Rainier," the only beer on Pacific Coast
awarded medal at Paris Exposition. •
Short speeches on live topics by first
voters at Metropolitan Temple this even-
ing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
With Shampoos of
And light dressings of Ccticuba, purest of emollient skin cores.
This treatment at once stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and
dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces, stimulates the hair folli-
cles, supplies the roots with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp, "when all else fails.
CompJeta External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor.
@r * coneicting of Ccticuka Soap (25c.), to cleanse tbe akin of crusts and
1*8^*1 l!T?*9i wsalci *n<l aoftea tbe thickened cuticle, Cuticuiu Oiktmbnt (50c.),
k. 3 £ i a f. P <fj! to in*tantlv Allay itching. Inflammation, and irritation, and tooths and
* *^ •••» ¦««» heol^ and CtmicCTLA. RE6OLVKST (SOc), to cool and cleanse tha blood.
_. e tC .| or. A Single Set U often sufficient to cure tho severest humor, with %
TtlO OCX 9 E.Z£> logs of hair, when all else fails. Sold throughout tbe world. Tot-
ZZfL Dura A5D Cos*. Coop-, Sole I^ops., Boeton. ?' All about the tikiD, Scalp, and llalr," tn%
afflicted with sickness brought on ' r$ ; §\&F^?& *V |l§j
A young lady from Denver, Colo., recently wrote a letter
to Mrs. Pinkham, which aptly pictures the condition of a
great many young women. She says :
•'This is the first opportunity I have found to writo and thank you for
the good your Vegetable Compound has done me. I feel better than I have
for years. It Eeems a ' seven days' wonder ' to my friend3. Where I used to
be pitiod, everything -is the opposite now, and there ia not a d3y but what a
some ono wants to know -what I have done to make myself look so well. I
"Before taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I had can- I
etant headaches, was constipated, bloated, eyes weak and watery, bearing- I
down pains, pains in the small of my back and right side; took cold very N
easily, which always caused intense pain in the ovaries, and I did not 'want m
to go anywhere or see any one. I was called cross, but I could not help it, |
feeling as I did. I could not lift anything or do any hard work without |
suffering for days afterwards. Menstruation lasted for eight or ten days, a
the first three or four days being almost constant pain day and night." A
What a picture this is, and how unnecessary I Read the I
letters which follow and see how easy it is to overcome 3
woman's suffering when, you go the right way about it. B
Nothing in this wide world has relieved so much female I
suffering as has Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- 9
pound; no medicine can produce such positive proof of |
cures and gbod results ; therefore, no other medicine can be 3
"just as good." Women should insist upon getting the med- 9
icme which has the best record, and which, they and every y
druggist in the land know, has no equal. 3
Miss Thompsons Pains are Cured. A
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — I want to tell you what L.ydia E. IMnfc- 1
ham's Vegetable Compound has done for me. For several years I had I
suffered with loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, constipation, palpitation of I
the heart, headache, pains in nearly all parts of tho body. My physician ;J
said it was only indigestion, but his medicine did rot help me any. I began H
the use of your Vegetable Compound. I have taken four bottles and now fl
those troubles are cured. I cannot praise it enough."— Mi33 Belle S. i
Thompson, Box 14, Acushnet, Mass. a
Just why Miss Thompson's physician diagnosed her I
trouble as indigestion it is hard to understand. This mistake, 1
however, is frequently made. If you have any doubt about I
your case, write to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass., for her I
free advice. She will understand your symptoms at once. I
Miss 5choltes Tells of Suffering Overcome. i
•• Dkae Mrs. Pinkham : — I writo to let you know that Lydia E. Pink- 9
ham's Vegetable Compound has cured me of painful menstruation from y
which I suffered terribly. I really believe that I would be insane Unlay if it I
had not been for. your medicine. I cannot praise your G->to pound enough, 8
and feel that if all who suffer from female troubles would put themselves §
under your care and follow your advice, they will find relief from their I
sufferings."— Miss K. E. Scholtes, Mt Oliver, Pittsburg, Pa. * \
*JJ ¦*» I . , • v v »- • w . e i re constantly publishing, we have jj!
li B deposited with the National City tank, of Lynn, Mass.. 55.000, 3
iBErllfllU which will be paid to any perscn who can show that the above «1
VmV * 7 testimonials are not zenuine, or were published before obtaining the JJ
writen' special permission.— Lydia JL Pi.nicham Mioiomb Co. flCHICAGO, Oct. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts. 19,
000 head, including 2500 Western and 6500 Tex
ans. Market steady and strong. Butchers'
stock strong. Western, about steady; Texans
shade higher. Natives, best on sale to-day,
four carloads, at $6. . Good to prime steers, J5 so
@6; poor to medium, 14 50@5 45; selected feed
ers, Blow. $3 7504 60; mixed stockers, weak, $2 50
68 65; cows, J2 65@4 25; heifers, J2 75@4 60; can
ners, J2@2 50; bulls, steady. J2 60@4 40; calves,
steady. J4@$; Texans, receipts . 6500; best on
sale to-day, one carload at S3 70;- Texas fed
steers, U 10@4 E5; Texas grass steers, S3 3O04;
Texas bulls, J2 60@S 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 35.000; to-morrow, Zi, 000; ea-
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.— The Earl Fruit Company
eold California fruit as follows to-day: Grapes
1 — Malagas, per single- crate 45<g75c, average 66c;
! 1 *okays, Elngle crates &5c<6$i 05, average 88c;
I Black Prince, single crates 50@60c, average 60c.
j Pears— B. Clalrgeau, boxes $1 "iKQZ 05, average
I JV9S: B. del, per box, average. $1 23; D'AnJou,
per box. average, $2 05; B. Lucrative, box $1 30
411 35, average $1 30. Peaches— Lemon Cling,
I*r box, average' 40c. Prunes— Italians, per
fiiugle crate 60ig65c, average 64c; Germans,
single crates 55©60c. average 59c; Hungarians.
i per single crate, average S2c. Eleven cars sold
! tc-day.
\ Porter Bros. Company sold California fruit
tu-day as fellows: Grapes— Tokays. $2 43®3 39
per dcuble crate, S5c@)l 50 per single crate and
Clusters $1 504j2; Cornichons. - $1 3501 40; Four
in-Iland. $1 25; Emperor, $110. Pears— Glout
Morceau, ?1 20SJ1 fcQ per box; Beurre Clalrgeau,
$1 40@l 75; Doy du Cornice, $1 25(31 75; Winter
Nellis. JltfZl 45; D'AIencon. $1 40; U'Anjou, Jl 10
01 35; White Doenne, Jl 30@l 35; P. Barry,
Jl 10®l 15: Beurre Dlel, Jl 10.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day an follows:
Grapes— Tokays, per double crate J2 6502 85,
average $2 77; Tokays, per double crate V0c@
Jl 45, average 96c; Cornlcbon, per single crate
$1@1 35, average $1 21. Pears— Nellis, per half
box Jl 75®2 25. average $2 07; Du Cornice, boxes
j: 30<f(3 04, average $2 50: Du Cornice, per half
box Jl 9002 35, average $2 19. Prunes— Italians,
single crate 40©75c. average 69c Fourteen cars
scld to-day.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb
Opening 8 3% 6 5
Closing 6 3% 6 i%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -April.
Opening 20 15 2160
Closing 20 10 2150
Flour-
Opening 25 60 27 40
Closing 25 40 27 35
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, I6®20o; dairy, 13®
ISc. Cheese, firm, 10>4@H74c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
l«c
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20.000 25,000
"Wheat, bushels 201.000 25.000
Corn, bushels 670,000 830,000
Oats, bushels 4J8.COO 327,000
Rye, bushels 4,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 19.000 20,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 6pring wheat. 75%@77>4c; No. 2
red. 7"®TSHc; No. 2 corn. 40% <g 41 Vie; No. 2 yel
low. 41Vi@41Hc: No. 2 oats. 22«44i22»ic: No. 2
white. 24V4'826%c; No. 3 white. 24®25Hc: No. 2
rye. 62c; fair to choice malting barley. 49@58c;
llax seed. J153; No. 1 Northwestern. J159Q160;
prime timothy seed, $4 20@4 30; mess pork, per
bbl, J13 5C©16 00; lard, per 100 lbs. J7 37^: short
rib sides (loose), t?®8 25; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6U@6%c; short clear sides (boxed),
J8 45ig£ 55.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Poultry and Game.
Game was lower . all around, as usual on
Monday. Hare were an exception. - They are
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 2@4o per lb;
String Beans. 2H@3c; Llmas. 2V4®3c per lb-
Cabbage. $1; Tomatoes, Bay.' 30@50c; Egg
Plant, 85iJ?50c per box; Green Okra, 40@«0c:
Green Peppers, 25©40c per box for Chill and 4S
©50c for Bell: Dried Peppers. 10J*15c: Carrots "
25® 35c per sack; Summer Squash, 65c@$l for
Alameda; Cucumbers, 25@40c for Alameda -
Pickles. Jl@l 25 per ctl. for No. 1 and 50@75c
for No. 2; Garlic, 4®4%c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash. J10@15 per ton. '.i
POTATOES— Burbanks. 33®50c for Rivera and
35c@$l 10 per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 75@85c
for Rivera and Jl 15@1 25 for. Merced.
ONIONS— 60@70c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35©
60c. •
Two cars of Merced Sweets sold at the quo
tations. Onions were quoted a shade firmer.
Otherwise there was nothing new.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 4c; Yellow Mustard.
5c; Flax. J2@2 50; Canary. 3V4c per lb for Cali
fornia and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;'
Rape, 2V4@3c; Hemp. 4@4«4c: Timothy, *1&i%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, »1 2501 75; Green. SI SO
QI 05 per ctl; Blackeye, 11 60.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
JJEANS— Bayos, Jl 8502; Small White, 13 25©
S V); Large White. $2 23fi2 50; Pink. J2 25f?>2 50;
Red. $3®3 25; Blackeye, $2 50; Lima. $3 1505 25;
Pea. $3 60©3 75: Red Kidneys. $3 25@3 50.
There is a very fair demand for Beans, es
pecially Bayos. but prices show no change.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15017 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. J2C@27; Jobbing,
$27 50"ff28; Cocoanut Cake, f 20(321 ; Corn Meal.
$2C«127: Cracked Corn, »26 E0@27 50: Mixed Feed.
113 50CT14.
HAY- Volunteer. JS©3; Wheat. Jll«?13 50;
Wheat and Oat. J10W12 50; Oat, JDifm 50; Clover,
$4©6; Alfalfa, J7©8 SO: Barley. J7@9 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@42'/4c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— U7@21 Der ton
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged,
£mt the market le very firm, particularly for
Hay and Bran.
HRAN-«6@17 50 ner ton. ',
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
FLOUR— California Family -Extras. $3 60(3
3 7Z, usual terms; Bakers'" Extras. $3 40i?3 50;
Oregon and Washington. J2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and JS 15{j;3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
?4 73(05 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, *3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour. J7- Corn Meal. J2 75.
extra cream do. J3 BO; Oat Groats, J4 50: Hom
iny $3 50^3 76; Buckwheat Flour. J4iR4 25;
Cracked Wheat. »3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $t>«*
7 25; In sacks, JS 75@7; Pearl Barley. J5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas. J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Pario were lower,
and New York declined lc.
Chicago was weaker under depressing cables,
but there were more buyers than sellers at the
decline. The quantity on passage Increased
600 000 bushels. An Increase In the American
visible supply waa expected; but there waa
none, much to the general surprise, and the
market became firmer In conseauence.r- Early
sellers could not replace their holdings with
out advancing the market. The world's ship
ments were laree. About half the milling ca
pacity of Minneapolis closed down to take ad
vantage of the poor flour demand to make re
pairs. Fine weather was reported In the North
west. , f;
Local spot quotations were unchanged, but
futures declined.
Spot W heat— Shipping, %l 02^4; Milling. $1 05
' ' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. Jl 0i\i; 2000. Jl 04%. May-6000, |1 lift
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 10,000
Ctls. $1 IH%. May— 40O0. $1 11H: 18,000. $1 11.
Afternon Session— December— 30.000 ctls,
Jl C3»i; 12,000, Jl 03%. May-8000. SI 10%; SOOO,
Jl io%: 12.000. Jl 10H; SOOO. Jl 1OH; SOOO. jl 10%.
BARLEY— The market was quiet and un
chanced.
Feed. 75®76V«c for choice bright. 72%@73%c
for No. 1 and 67%!g70c for oft grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, 80Q35c; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Second Session — No Bales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 73^c.
OATfe— Have again advanced. There Is a
Government order for 1500 tons on the market,
and as most all the available Oats are In the
hands of the middlemen the market rules very
strong. There Is also a very heavy demand for
seed.
White. $1 30t?l 33; Surprise, Jl 43®1 55; Red.
tl l'j'Hl 25 for feed and $1 25«T1 40 for seed; Gray,
$1 25'Rl 35: Black, for feed, $1 lOijJl 17V4; for seed.
Jl 22M:(S1 32'i per ctL
CORN— Eastern la quoted at Jl 20 per ctl,
with none offering.
RYE— 90^92c per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 14 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — ? 87%
Sterling Cables .- — * £§Vi
New York Exchange, slgrht — Ojti
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' n
Fine Silver, per ounce — Wi
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% G •»!
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, Oct. S. — November wheat opened
*»c higher at TTVi'&TTHc on selling:, part o£ It for
foreign account; dropped during the forenoon
to 77\ic. In this the factors were a decline at
Liverpool and clear cool weather in the North
west, together with liberal Northwestern re
ceipts and the closing of some of the Minne
apolis mills. There was considerable Bhort
selling on the early expectation of half a million
increase In the visible. The statement, how
ever, showed hO.COO bushels decrease and on re
buying by those who sold at first November
rallied sharply to 77%c; shorts being satisfied
the market weakened and closed dull, %c low
er at 76"jc.
Corn was firm and active on a good shipping
demand. November closed %c up at 37%®37T4c.
Oats were- extremely dull, closing unchanged
at 2-Vi^i22 s iiC lor November.
Provisions were quiet. The market showed
firmness early because of the hogs receipts be
ini? 5000 head under the estimates. Octqber
pork sold oft from $17 to $16 and November re
linquished its early gain in sympathy. Lard
and ribs also eased off a trifle, but closed
steady. January pork closed 2V4c lower, lard 5c
higher and ribs a shade up.
I The leading; futures ranged as follows:
I Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
I Wheat No. 2—
October 76S 76T4 76H "6*4
I November 77% 77% 76% 76!*
1 December 77Ts 7814 "7Vi ~~%
' Corn No. 2 —
October «H; 41',i 40% 41H
1 November 37H 37;» 37% 37T4
December 34? g 35V4 3»?» &H
! Oats No. 2—
! October 22% 22Vi 2?H 22%
November 22H 22 V* 22»4 22H
I>ecember 22»i 22*4 22H 22%
! Mess Pork, per bbl—
I October 17 00 17 00 16 00 16 00
I November 11 97H 12 00 116714 1170
I January 11 92>* 12 00 1185 11 85
I^ard, per 100 lbs —
October 7 3214 7 35 7 32^4 7 32^
i November 7 27Vi 7 374 7 27^ 7 27H
¦January 7 00 7 02& 6 97>* 7 00
i Short Ribs, cer 1W lbs—
' Octcber 8 00 8 15 8 00 8 10
¦ November 7 37% 7 45 7 37^ 7 40
j January 6 32'* 6 37>4 6 32Vi 6 35
That the shore of tne gulf upon which
Galveston Is situated is gradually slnkir.?
Is a fact which cannot be disregarded. A
city which had an elevation of only
twelve feet at most cannot last long even
with a subsidence of one to two feet In
a century. Direct evidence of the grei
eral sinking of the Atlantic coast la given
by the configuration of the land. Even the
historical record show3 that, though Im
perceptible In a single year, the advance
of the sea is considerable when decades
are compared and enormous when meas
ured by centuries.— New York Post.
The Sea Encroaching.
The Britannia, the pioneer vessel of the
Cunard Company, "was built on the Clyde
Jn 1840. and she and three sister shlpa
averaped a speed of eight and one-half
knots an hour. In a race bet-ween the first
American ship. Washington, and the
Britannia, the British vessel won by two
days. With the inauguration of the Col
lins line in 1S50. the Cur.ard Company met
wlthjceen Competition: but they held their
own, and In 1S35 they added the Persia to
their fleet, and she averaged a speed of
13.1 knots per hour— which eclipsed every
previous performance by any steamer.
The average length of passage from Liv
erpool to New York was then twelve days.
—London Mall.
Speed of Ocean Liners.
Local Forecast Official.
•
In area cf hish pressure overlies the Paelfl c
Flope. The pressure Is highest over the RDCky
Mourtain rt-eion and lowest in Arizona. The
charges have been slight in all district.
The temrrf-ratuie has risen over the Pacific
Flope except a flight fall in Southern Califor
nia anJ Northern Arizona.
Oar weather is reported from the entire
country v«st of the Rocky Mountains.*
CooGUiOtt* are favorable for fair and etm
tlnue.l warm weather In California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 9. 1900:
Northern California— Fair: continued warm
Tucwiay; light northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair; continued warm
Tu-^ilay; light northwest wind.
Nevada— Fair; continued warm Tuesday.
Vtah — Fair; warmer Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair; continued warm Tuesday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair: continued
warm Tuesday; light northwest wind.
G. H. "WILLSOX.
FORECAST.
Fresno 64!
Pan Krar.f-isco data: Maximum temperature,
£2: minimum. ST; mean. 70.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENKItAL.
ttroth meridian— Pacific time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. S— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka CO Los Angeles 83
Mount Tamalpais 7J Sacramento 85
Independence SO Pan Luis Oblspo t-0
Red Bluff S» San Diego TO
Weather Report.
The Xew Tcrk Commercial Fays:
"New California raislas are gaining In
strength very decidedly from day to day.
Further sales of seedless muscatels. Sultanas
t:.: 2-crown. 3-crown and 4-crown layers were
reijorted yesterday, and some extreme offers on
6eedless muscatels, wired later, were not an
swered at all. Ehowing that lt Is practically
impoEFitle now to get tbe goods. Sales of seed
less were heard of at a premium ranging frum
nearly lc to l'^c, while tales of two cars of
Sultar.&s were reported at an advance of not
quite a. cent. Two-crov.n, 3-crown and 4
crown layers were at a premium of He With
seedless rauf^catels well cleaned up some ex
pect 2-crcwn seeded to be the next to com
mand higher figures. Some packers are offer
ing rai»ir.s of all sorts very gingerly now.
"Much Interest was taken yesterday in the
new currants Ju^t arrived on the Glengnil. The
goods are not of very good quality, as was ex
r>eeted. Xew Axnallas are held very nrmly
fct IT'zC. at which figure Kales of 100 bbls were
reported. SaJes of 150 bbls old currants, also
ex Glcngoll. were made at 12c. Jobbing de
mand 'or currants continues quite good.
• "Dates are strong, and show tome disposi
tion to a further advance. Sales of 1<KW boxes
of Hailowi were re]«jrted at SSc, and later an
offer of 2%c for TjO boxes was turned down. An
offer of 3"ic for £00 boxes of Khadrawi was re
fused also. Salr are very firm at 3>«c. There
Is considerable inquiry for new Smyrna figs,
and to-day's auction sale is expected to result
in the establishment of high prices. Apricots,
peaches, apples and ether lines of dried and
evaporated fruits practically are neglected.
Prunes are taken only in a hand-to-mouth way
fcy Jobbers. Nuts show less activity."
Nuts and Raisins in Nezv York.
Nczv York Stock Market.
XEW YORK. Oct. g.— Trading on the Stock
Exchange to-day was marked by a revival «f a
considerable bear party, whose activities were
aggressive and pcrsirtent. Their efforts to de
prers prices were contested by the speculative
holders of long stock, who were successful last
week In lifting prices in spite of the various
uciavcrable factors which developed in the sit
uation. The conflicting forces at work were re
flected In a feverish and irregular movement of
Trices. The marked depletion of basking re
eerves revealed by the Saturday bank state
ment, had the eilect of unsettling speculative
Ci'lnioa. There was a constant variation be
tween aparf-hention over a constriction of the
money supply and the prospect of relief by Im
ports of sold. The conviction became pretty
well settled as the day progressed that the
cold would move from London to New York
this week. The market for foreign exchange
fell feveriFhly by successive stages throughout
the day end demand sterling closed a full cent
below Friday's level. This price Is within a
email fraction of the level generally agreed
upon as offering a profit on Imports of gold at
the present price of gold and rate for money In
London, and Is probably within the limit that
would- allow the special transactions which
generally prect-de a regular gold movement in
a etraggllug fashion. Owing to the temporary
&bunduice of money in London on account of
Government financial operations and receipts
of cold from Indian payment for silver, dis
count rates continue to fall there and offer no
resistance to the pn-ssure upon it for gold. The
email movement of gold frum London to Ber
lin to-day was in response to the exchange
sterling from London to New York, which
progressed in connection with the payment ot
subscriptions to the German loan. A member
of the German loan syndicate broadly inti
mated to-day that rwjulri-ment» for exchange
In payment of subscriptions to the loan were
about satisfied and expressed the opinion that
the i arr.e was true in connection with the Brit
ish loan. Without this future demand to sup
t>ort tb« exchange market, the flood of cotton
bills which continue to appear in the market
Insures a movement hitherto of gold which
only a sharp advance in Toreign discount rates
vi-ill scn-e to check. Such a contest for gold
bm would thus be precipitated, even if it result
ed in favor of New York, might be altogether
reapsurins circumstances for speculators, as
the forcing of liquidation in foreign markets
mi«±t have a reflex action here. Hence the
unsettlemcnt of the speculative mind to-day In
spite of the i>ro*i>ect tit gold imports. With
the exception of a period of strength In the
Iron and steel stocks, led by Tennessee Coal
end Iron and Colorado Fuel, the reactionary
tendency was predominant and the leading
stocks wore eff from 1 to 3 points. With the
late break in call money and the fall in ex
charure to about the gold point, prices rallied
somewhat, fcut the market closed feverish and
Irregular.
The active bond Issues were weak, but there
were exceptions among the hl«;h grade bonds
Total saliF. par value. tl.O'W.OOu. United States
bonds, unchanged on the last call.
JCEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares CIofIiijt
Sold. Stocks— BM.
6,080 Atchison T7'%
9.745 Atchison prefd 70^
6,963 Baltimore & Ohio 70%
Canadian Pacific 3fii-i
250 Canada Southern SO
1.710 Chesapeake & Ohio ;S
Chicago Great Western 10^i
18,030 Chic-igo Burlington & Quincy 12OV4
, Chicago lndianai>olls & Louis jii^
100 Chicago Indlanaioljs" & Louis pfd. i2Vj
Chicago <fc Eastern Illinois $6
400 Chicago & Northwestern 16U
1.S60 CMcago Rock Island & Pacific 103H
160 C C C & 8t Louis CO',;
678 Colorado Southern S
Z7Z Colorado Southern 1st prefd 36V4
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14
200 Delaware & Hudson 110<4
1T4 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 174
100 Denver & Rio Grande 18%
Denver and Rio Grande prefd 67
Erie 11
300 nrie 1st prefd 34U
L4JS Great Northern prefd 133'*
Hocking Ooal 14
Hocking Coal 22%
Illinois Central 115^4
Iowa Ccntrel 17
, Iowa Central prefd 39
Lake Erie & Western 29
Lake Erie It Western prefd 85
.« Lake Shore .2-
NEW YORK. Oct' 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:;
The general market here to-day was inactive
but steady. Americans were In accord with
others until near the close, when they became
heavy on New York sales and talks of dear
money. Paris sold Tlntos and New York sup
plied Anacondas. The bank lost £60,000 gold to
itoujnania and £30,000 to the Continent. The
London Market.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 8.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balance shows: Available cash
balance. J13S,S21.W3; gold, J86,4S2,442.
Condition of. the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Oct. S.— Money on call, firm, at
2HS3H: last loan, 2»,4 per cent. Prime mercan
tile paper. 665% per cent. Sterling' exchange.
very weak, with actual business In bankers'
bills at J4 S3vt@4 84 for demand and at S4 80H
for sixty days ; posted rates. $4 Sl%@4 82 and
54 t.i i i<[i 4 £G; commercial bills, {4 80V4@4 S0%.
Silver certificates. 64H©CoV4c. Bar silver. 64»,fcc.
Mexican dollars, 50%c. Bonds — Government and
State, tteady; railrxad, irregular.
Nczu Ydrk Money Market.
LOM Louisville & Nashville 71Vi I
8,375 Manhattan L 90 i
2.235 Metropolitan Street Railway 14S j
220 Mexican Central II 7 * ,
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 54 |
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 91 >
6.M0 Missouri Pacific 4»% •
1.800 Mobile & Ohio 35 :
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9li
235 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 27i 2
30<) New Jereey Central 133
1.920 New York Central 12SV4
1.540 Norfolk & Western 34*; j
Norfolk & Western prefd 75»i !
7.800 Northern Pacific 48*. j
415 Northern Pacific irefd 63\ ]
42i) Ontario & Western 20 l ,i ;
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
OreKon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
1S.545 Pennsylvania 13<>
1,2*) Reading 16
7.13U Reading 1st rrefd &•> I
Reading 2d profd »» j
100 Rio Grande Western 53 j
Klo Grande Western prefd 93
300 St Ix>uis & Han Francisco 10 l , 4 !
200 St Louis & San Francisco l6t pfd. 61 j
250 St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd. 33 l i j
7"0 St Louis Southwestern 12*» |
2.Z&1 St Louis Southwestern prefd 29"n
6.730 St Paul 112 1
St Paul prefd 169 Vi ¦
St Paul & Omaha 108
5,«20 Southern Pacific i* 1 * :
S.r.lO Southern Railway H^«
S.120 Southern Railway prefd 52% j
1.600 Texas & Pacific 15*i J
S0.SS5 Union Pacific 57 7 « 1
2.34? Union Pacific prefd "3U i
3(K) Wabash 6»i j
2.V) ¦VVabash prefd 17H j
845 Wheeling & Lake Erie $% ;
€9) Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 23Vi
500 Wisconsin Central 11
Third Avenue 109*i
Exrress Companies —
Adams 123
American 150
United States 4o
Wrlls Fargo 124
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 33
American Cotton Oil prefd 80
100 American Malting 4
American Malting rrefd 23
725 American Smelting & Refining 37i,i 1
140 American Smelting & Refining ptA. S8 l i
American Spirits 1
American Spirits rrefd 17
2.510 American Steel Hoop 19U
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 6*4 I
11.S10 American Ptetl & Wire 33 I
3,073 American Steel & Wire prefd 73>4 j
2,270 American Tin Plate 30?, ;
275 American Tin Plate prefd 8H4 ;
9,230 American Tobacco W» j
American Tobacco prefd 129
723 Anaconda Mining Co 44»i j
16.939 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ol 1 * !
• 4.C20 Colorado Fuol & Iron 34*»
620 Continental Tobacco 24?;
2M Continental Tobacco prefd 76%
6.200 Federal Steel S3-,i -
165 Federal Fterl prerd S4 :
General Electric 136'4
330 Glucose Sugar 49U
250 Glucose Sugar prefd 9S l i
International Paper lS»i
800 International Paper prefd 63
Laclede Gas 6S^
225 National Biscuit 31H
National Biscuit prefd S6 : i
National Lead I" 1 ;
National Lead prefd 90»i
l.ino National Steel 2".»i
200 National Steel prefd 85^
ISO New York Air Brake 118
£)0 North American ./. 14 s *
100 Pacific Coast '. 67
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
S10 Paclflc Mail 31
20.640 People's Gas S4*i
1.350 Pressed Steel Car 39
120 Pressed Steel Car prefd 75
Pullman Palace Caf 1S3
Standard Rope & Twine 4T»
20,540 Sugar llfi^i
Sugar prefd 117
14,373 Tennessee Coal & Iron o'M
1,22.1 T'nited States Leather 11
T,*) United States Leather prefd es>4
93j Vnlted States Rubber 1 2S%
United States Rubber prefd 94
200 Western Union 78*;
300 Republic Iron & Steel.. 11U
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 53
P C C & St Louis 52 ~
2S.L900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s. |N T T Cent lsts 10<iH
reg 104 |M K & T 2ds 65>i
do coup H>4 N J Cent gen 5s....l23 I 4
do 3s reg 109 No Pac 3s 61^6
do coup 110 do 4s 102 7 *
do new 4s reg... 134 N Y C & St L *S..1OEV;
do coup 134 Norf & W con 4s.. 96"%
do old 4s reg 114T4 Or Nav lsts 109
do coup 114% do 4s 10S
do Os reg I13y tj 0r S Line 6s 127
Co coup 113i«| do con Ea 1124
Dls of Col 3.63s 123 Reading gen 4s .... S6»;
Atchison gen 4s S9U-R O W lsts 89
• do «.dj 4s SCVSt L & I M con Es.108%
Can So 2ds 106V* St L & S F gen 6s. 121%
Chfs & Ohio 4Hs.. 98*; St Paul cons IBS
do 5s 120 'St P C & Pac lsts. 117%
C & XW ccn 7s. ...139 j do 5s 119H
do S F deb 5s. ...120 |So Pac 4a 7S%
Chi Term 4s 91 [So Ry Ss 108«i
Colo So 4s 80 IS Rope & T Cs.. 65
D & R G lsts 102<£ Tex & Pac lsts US
do 4s SSH do 2ds C3
Erie een 4s 68 Union Pac 4s IftS'i
Ft W & D C 1st*.. 7Ui Wabash lsts 117%
Gen Elec os 113 do 2ds 102
Iowa Cen lsts 1124UVest Shore 4s 112V4
L & Nash unl 4s... 98 T £ Wls Cent lsts 83',J
do 4s 90S Va cent 89%
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 18 Ophlr 70
Crown Point 10 Plymouth 12
Con Cal & Va 1 10 Quicksilver 1 23
Gould & Curry .... 48 Do prefd 6 00
Hale & Norcross.. 22) Sierra Nevada 30
HomMUk* E5 00 Standard 4 03
Iron Silver 64 Union Con 20
Mexican 80 Yellow Jacket .... 18
Ontario 5 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND&
Money — [Union Land 1%
Call loans If 4 West End 91H
Time loans 4ia>5 Westingh Elec 47*;
Stocks— Bonds—
Atchison 27% Atchison <s f. 68*4
do prefd 70\i X E G & Coke M.. 61
Am Sugar 116H Mining shares —
do prefd 115 Adventure 4^4
Eell Telephone ....13S Allouez Mln Co .... V,i
Boston Elevated ...147 Amalg Copper .... 87>4
BoFton & Maine.. . .189 (Atlantic 22«;
C B & Q 12514 Boston & Montana. 324
Dom Coal 39 jButte & Boston 61
do prefd 112 !Calumet & Hecla..755
Fed Steel 33',4 ; Centennial 16>$
<lo prefd 61 jFranklln 14'/4
Fitchburg prefd ...1S8 Humboldt 2a
G«n Elec 1S9 'Oi>ceola 68
t*l Elec HI 210 (Parrot 43
Mex Cent 12 iQulncy 143
Mich Telephone ... 83 ISanta Fe Copper... 6'4
N R G & Coke 14V; Tamarack 230
Old Colony 203'* Utah Mining 21
Old Dominion 'I'u Wlnona t'.i
I Union Pacific 5~;i Wolverines 4uH
California dried fruits steady at unchanged
prices. Prunes were quoted from 3V4c to 7%o
r*-r pound, as to Bize and quality. Apricots,
royal. 11014c: Moorpark. 15#16c. Peaches,
peeled, liglSc; unpeeled, 6®9c.
DP.IED FRUITS.
XEW YORK. Oct. 8.— There was a fairly
active sales movement experienced in the mar
ket for evaporated apples to-day. Offerings
were quite liberal owing to the large receipts,
but as buyers absorbed mostly everything In
bight, the undertone held steady, with prices
fully maintained at the close. State common
was quoted from 3c to 5c; prime, 4%@i'i;
choice, 54@6c; fancy, 6if6'4c.
EGGS — Ke.-eipt?. 7118 packages; market firm;
Western regular packing at mark, 15@lSV4c;
AVestern loss off, 20c.
BUTTER— Receipt?, 77C3 packages; market
quiet; creamery, 16'fi'20 1 4c; June creamer}', 170
2O'.iC: factory, 13U©16c.
SUGAR— Raw steady: fair reflninE. '4Vic: cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4V4c; molasses sugar, 4c; re
fined steady.
COFFEE— Futures closed Bteady, with prices
lOf/20 rKJints net higher. Total sales 26,000 bags,
including: October, 7.25S7.3Oc; December, 7.45
@7.5Oc; January, 7.50fi7.Sj>c; March, 7.65c; May,
7.75c; July, 7.80c. ijpot Coffee— Rio firm; No. 7
invoice, fc.3Sc; mild quiet: Cordova, 9.75@14c.
WOOL-Quiet
WHEAT— Receipts, 4S3.775 bushels; exports,
122.916 buEhels; sales, 2,550,000 bushels futures,
100,000 bushels spot. Spot easy; No. 2 red,
Jsl?ic f. o. b. afloat; Mo. 2 red, SO-Hc elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. S7%c f. o. b. afloat; Xo
1 hard- Duluth. S7^c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady on rather light offerings, but
quickly developed weakness arid a sharp de
cline under« bearish cables, big world's ship
ments, clear weather In the Northwest and
foreign selling. An unexpected decrease in
the visible supply brought an active covering
movement and a partial recovery, but final
realizing left the market weak at lc decline.
Sales included No. 2 red March, 80%(&86c, closed
85Hc; May. 85?4@85%C, closed 85%c: October, SO
4iMA 4 c, closed SCc; December, KI}»@&3c, closed
i2\,c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady. '
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.— FLOUR-Recelpts,
43,133 bbls; exports, 10,125 bbls; sales, 8100 pack
ages. Market very quiet and a shade lower to
sell, on account of declines in wheat.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silfcr declined. Exchange undisturbed.
Wheat futures loivcr. Barley dull and unchanged.
Oats again advanced. Com and Rye as before.
Hay and Bran firm at previous prices.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables stand about the same.
Game declined as usual on Monday.
Fresh and Dried Fruits show little variation.
Nothing nczv in Provisions.
Meat market as previously quoted.
New quotations announced for Mineral Oils.
Indian Government shipped for London bullion
7,500,000 rupees for its gold reserve.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 8.— Canadians, 89%; Atchlson,
2Sv4; Union Pacific preferred. 76: Northern Pa
cinc preferred, 71%; Grand Trunk, 6V4; Ana
cenda, 9'4.
>Bar silver quiet; 29 l-16d per ounce. Money,
l!-i&2 per cent.
OREGON.
Flour, or sk* .. 6,598 Potatoes, sks .... 70s
Oats, ctls 210 Bran, sks e,678
Flour, qr sks 33,713 Middlings, sks .. 1275
Wheat, ctls 91,759 Onions, sks 440
Barley, ctls ...... 19,430 Potatoes, sks ... 6.415
Oats,- ctls 440 Beans, sks 7,S64
Rye, ctls 950 Hops, bales ...... S2
Cheese.ctls 16 Wool, bales ...... 198
Butter, ctls 149 Hay, tons 602
Tallow, ctls 24 Pelts, bdls 318
Chicory, bbls .... 2oiHides, No 292
Sugar, bbls 250 Quicksilver, flsks 53
Raisins, bxs .... 1,260 Raisins, bxs .... 1,260
Eggs, doz 11,670 Wine, gls 8,100
Shorts, sks 330 Leather, rolls ... 217
Bran, sks 1,275
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 8.
Receipts of Produce.
OIL — Following are new quotations on Min
eral Seal Oil: Bulk (iron barrels or drums),
ISVjC per gallon; wood barrels, 21c; cases,
24Vic: mineral sperm, cases, 25Hc.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9: Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay/ $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $12 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton in bulk and
$1S In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 43 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb -bags:
Crushed, 6.65c: Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.23c: Dry Granulated, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.15c; Magnolia A, 5.75c; Extra C.
5.63c: Golden C, 5.55c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders takf n for less than 73 bar
rels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels,
b. '.««•: bnxf. V.15c per lb.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. E%c; Wool Bags. 28%@32V4c; Fleece
Twine. 7Hc: Fruit Bags. 6%@6Xc for white and
ty@8%c for Dieached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small, Z%m%c for
medium and 5U@5% tor large; stock Hogs and
fteders, 6@5Vic; dressed Hogs, 7%@8%c
There Is nothlnc new to report In this mar
ket.
BEEF— 5%@6c for Steers and 4H@5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; small, 7@9o per lb.
5 MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7Hc; ewes, 6>^®7c per
pound.
hAMB-!@8«c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
'WOOL — Spring clip Is quotable as fol'cws:
Northern, free. lSftlGc: Northern, defective, 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12014c: Southern Mountain. 12
months." 9@lQc; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. ll«?12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', Sfillc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
©17c; Nevada, 13®18c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, CVS?8c: do Lambs', 3
ESc: Middle County. 9®llc per lb.
HOPS— 11H314HC per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9iR9 1 4c; medium. %Mc; light, 8c; Cow
h'.aes. Ec; Stags, Be; Salted Kip, Sc; Salted
V*al. 8c; Salted Calf. 9c; Dry Hides. 15c; culls,
lie; Dry Kip. 15c: Dry Calf. 15c: culls and
brands. 12c: Sheepskins, Shearlings. 15@25c
ench; short Wool, 30@4Oc each; medium, 50©70c;
leng Wool. 75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $20
2 2.» for large, %\ 75 for medium, $1 for small
and EOc for colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 B0 for
li.rge, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 2.Vd50c
tor colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins,
17Vt^2Oc. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large
and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— Xo. 1 rendered. 4@4Hc per lb; No.
2. 3«f3Hc; grease, 2«J2%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Uhic per Ib for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13V4c for light.
14c for extra light and 15',ic for sugar cured;
Eastern sucar-cured Hams, 12c: Mes? Beef,
$12 60 per bbl: extra Mess. $13 50; Family,
$14 50: extra Prime Pork. $15 50: extra clear.
$19; Mess. $16 50: Smoked Beef. 13H®13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*4c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
9»;c; 10-lb tins, lOtfc; 5-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLExN'E— One half-barrel. . 8%c; three
half-barrels. *He; one tierce. 8Hcf two tierces.
Slie; five tierces. S%c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13H(g'14Hc for bright and 12%
ffHc for light amber: water white, extracted.
7^80; lipht amber extracted. 7®7!4c; dark, 6
©6Hc d*t ib.
BEEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices for the
reason cf 190O: Bleached Thompson's fancy.
12e per lb; choice, lie; standard. 8%c: prime,
Sc; unbleached, Thompson's 9c per lb. Sul
tanas—Fancy. 10H<* per lb: choire. 9Hc: stand
ard, 8S4c; prime, 8c; Unbleached Sultanas. 8c;
Seedless. 50- lb boxes. 6>4c; 2-crown loose Mus
catels. 6c: 3-crown. C\ic; 4-crown. 7c: London
Layers, 2-crown, II 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60;
Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3.
All nrices f. o. b. at common shipping points
In Pnllfornla.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@12Hc per lb; Walnuts.
No. 1 ioftuhell, lie; No. 2. 8c; No. I hardshell.
10c: No. 2. 7Hc; Almonds, 15016c for paper
nhel!. 11W4C for softshell. Peanuts, 5@6c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. HW13c: Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
FRUITS — frunes. Santa Clara?, 4 sizes. 3c;
40-50s. 7c; M-60s, 5Vic; 60-70«i. 3*lc: 70-80s. 3«ic:
80-908. 2%c; <"0-100s, 2Vie; 100s and over, 2c;
rubles. Uc premium; Sonomas. He and 8an
Joaquins, Vic less than Santa Claras, except
100s and over, which Ftand the Fame. Apricots,
6(T2c for Royals and lO^ll^c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. GiJTCc: sun-dried. 8®4c;
Peaches. 5®5Hc for standard. Sl^S'/fcc for choice
and 7@8c for fancy; Pears. 3@7c; Plums, pitted.
5@')»4c; unpltted, Wmc; Xectarlnes, 5@5^c for
red and 5Vj@6c for white.
The market continues dull and unchanged.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges. 75c®$2;
Vnlenclas, Jl@4: Lemons. $l»ff2 for common and
?2 f.C<&"3 fcr good to choice: Mexican Limes, $4 ft
4 50; Bananas. $1 30@2 DO psr bunch; Pineapples.
Jl 50<g3 £0 per dozen.
Dried, Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
•MELONS— Xutmegs, 50c@$l per case; Canta
loupe?. 7Sc© $1 50 per crate; Watermelons. $5@
13 per 100.
PLUMS— iOii/iOc per box.
ORAPKS- MUBcnt. 3.i4j6. r .c T^r crat": black.
35ifI6Gc: Tokay. 35©63c; Isabella. 73c: Corni
chon. e.Vfi'TSc; Wine Grapes. fl7 50<f?22 50 for
white, $20@22 50 for Mission and $22iQ'26 per ton
for Zlnfandel.
A car of New Orleans Bananas sold at $2®
2 50 per bunch. This fruit has been scarce for
some tirce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLKS— z5®50c per box for common and
60c«J$l 25 for good to choice.
PEARS — Winter Nrllls. 60c@$l; Cooking
Pears. 25®65c per box.
QUINCES— 2S«50<- rcr box.
PERSIMMONS— 75c@$l per box.
FIGS — 10o©n per ordinary box.
BLACKBERRIES— 55(S6 per chest.
CKANBEKRIES— Cape Cod, t80S 25; Wis
consin, ner bbl: Cnos Bay, $2 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-S2 50^5 per chest for
large and' for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
POMECJRANATFK— .»5&75c per small box and
$1@1 75 rer large box.
All kinds of fruit remained about as before
quoted. There is seldom much change at this
time of the year. Some Grapes are coming In
wet from the recent rain, and have to be picked
over. Wine Grapes are doing better. Figs
continue scarce.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Firkin— lS-J19c.
fc'trrage eoods— 22H®24c.
CHEESE— New. lO^ifllc; old. 9®10c: Young
America, 10H@12c; Eastern, 13>4@14n; Western.
10(f?12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 2C@25c for store and J2HO
C6c per dozsn for ranch; Eastern, 18@26c.
Stocks of Butter were materially Increased
by fresh arrivals, and the market continued
easy, though there was no decline. Cheese was
quoted as before.
Esrsrs ruled firm, and some dealers quoted
higher prices. Stocks of ranch are smaller.
HUTTEK- - »
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 2S623HC: Sec
onds, 27@27He.
Dairy— Fancy. 25Q'26c; good to choice, 23024c;
common, 20@22c.
Creamery tub — 20<922%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19S21c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
much lees plentiful than a few years ago, and
bring higher prices In consequence.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry were put on.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@16c for Gobblers
and 14@16c for Hens; 1 Geese, per pair, $1 250
1 60; Goslings. $1 50© 1 75; Ducks. $3@4 for old
and $3 60S4 50 for young; Hens, $4@5 50; Young
Roosters. $4®5; Old Roosters. $4©4 50; Fry
ers, $3@3 50; Broilers, $3©3 B0 for large and
$2ig'2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 23<&1 50 pt-r dozen
for old an>1 $1 75<?I2 for Squab*.
GAME— Quail. $1@1 25 for Valley and $2@2 25
for Mountain; Mallard, $4®3 50; Sprig. $3®3 50;
Teal, $2@2 75; Widgeon, $2@2 75; Small Duck.
$1 50^1 75; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1@
1 25: Brant, for small and for larpu;
English Snipe, $1 50^2; Jack Snipe. $1@1 25;
Hare, $1 254U 50; Rabbit*. $1 25<31 50 for cot
tontail and $1 for brush; Doves, 5O@60c; Grouse,
$7 30; Sage Hens, per dozen.
WASHINGTON.
TACOJ1A, Oct. 8.— Wheat quiet and un
changed; Bluestem, 5Sc; club, 65c for export.
PORTLAND, Oct. 8.— Wheat is steady, with
K@56Hc paid for Walla Walla and 58c for Blue
stem. Valley Is in demand for milling at from
60c to 63c. according to the immediate needs of
the buyer.
Cleared: Ship Portia for Queenstown, with
72,703 bushels of wheat
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Oct. 8.— Clearings, $532,749; bal
ances, $46,609.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 8.- Wheat, spot No. 2 red
Western winter, steady, 6s 4d; No. 1 Northern
spring, firm. 6s "Ud; No. 1 California, quiet,
6s 7d.
Futures dull; December, 6s 3%d; February,
6s 4tfd.
Corn— Spot American mixed, new, firm, 4s 5d;
do old. nominal.
Futures quiet; November, 4s 3d; December.
4s -V«J; January, 3s ll%d-
CLOSING
LONDON,. Oct. 8.— Consols, 99 1-16; sliver,
23 11-lGd; French rentes, ICOf 7%c; cargoes on
rassage. buyers Indifferent operators; Xo. 1
standard California, 32s; English country mar
kets, steady; imports into United Kingdom,
wheat 422.000 quarters, flour 271,000 bbls; wheat
and flour on passage to United Kingdom, 2.240,
000; wheat and flour on passage to Continent,
1,100.000.
LIVERPOOL,- Oct. 8.— "Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California, 6s 6%d$y6s 8d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, barely steady;
French country markets, quiet; weather in
England, fine, warm.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 13-32d.
Foreign Markets.
XEW. YORK, Oct. 8.— Aside from a further
decline of 25 points in Bessemer plgiron in
Pittsburg, the metal market presented very
little change of consequence. Piglron was easy
here, but not quotably lower on the basis of
$3 50(gl0. Lake copper, though somewhat lower
abroad, held steady here on light offer
ings and closed quiet at $16 75@17. Lead was
dull at-$4 07>& and tpelter very dull at $4 07^i
©4 12%.
Tin in London declined £1 7s 9d for spot and
£1 7s 6d for futures. This Influence prompted
a similar drop here and caused an easier feeling
on the- basis of $20 50<£f29. The brokers' price
for lead was $4 and for copper $16 75.
New York Metal Market.
XEW YORK, Oct. 8.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, October 6, as compiled by the Xew
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat— 55,401,000 bushels; decrease, 8000 bush
els.
Corn— 7.SS7, 000 bushels; increase. 395,000 bush
els, i
Oats— 12,022.000 bushels; increase 593.OCO bush
els.
Rye— 935.000 bushels; Increase, 6000 bushels.
Barley— 1,926,000 bushels; increase, 452,000
bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
tlmated left over, 4000. Strong, active. Top.
$5 42H- Mixed and butchers, $4 95@5 40; good to
choice heavy. $4 95®5 40; rough heavy, $4 80@
4 90; light, $4 'jO'«3 42>i; bulk of sales, $5 10@5 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 19.000. Sheep, stronger;
lambs, 10@15c higher. J Good to choice wethers,
J3 80@4; fair to choice mixed. $3 40@3 SO; West
ern sheep. $3 80@4; Texas sheep, $2 50@3 50; na
tive lambs. $125Q5 40; Western lambs, $4 75
<3?5 15.
Estate of Alexander Campbell (by Union
Trust Company of San Francisco and Benjamin
B. Duncan, executors) to Claus Hadeler. lot on
NW corner of Seventeenth and Mission streets,
W 100 by N 65; $1S,400.
Theodore and Anna M. Schoefer to William
Wllklns de Wlnton. lot on E line of Sanchez
street, 78 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by E 100; $10.
Annie C. Rlnes (by J. Lackmann, Sheriff,)
to John H. Brunlngs. lot on N line of Six
teenth street. ISO W of Sanchez, W 50:3 N 36.
NE 62:6Vi. S 87:4»»; $335.
Carl Schutt and David and Rose A. Salfield
to Julia A. Dinnlzan (wife of Richard R.) lot
on XW corner of Twenty-second and ' V««
streets. N 101:6 by W 30; $10.
Richard R. Dinniean to same, same- rift
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Marlon
S. Srauldinsr. lot on E line of Castro street.
76:6 S of Liberty. S 25 by E 100; $1300 treel *
Emma W". Butcher (wife to Thomas W
Butcher), lot on NW corner of Twentieth and
Hartford streets, W 25 by X 82:6; gift
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Marv
A. Lydon. lot on SW Una of Laskla street
226 NW Of Mission, NW 24:« by SW 85- $2000
Laura H. Wells to Anna L. Bale "(wife" of
Mariano G.) and Rebecca and William H
Morcan. lot on W line of Seventh avenue 23
S of C street, S 23 by W 120; gift * enue> ' a
Henry W. Watklns to Rudolph Spreckels lot
on SK corner of Thirty-eighth avenue and H
street, E 240 by S 600; also lot on SW corner
of Thirty-sixth avenue and H street, S 600 by
>\ 243; grant. ;
Louisa G. Kane to John M. Kane lot on S
line of N street. 120 W of Thlrty-sioond : avaifue
W 120 by S-200; $400. »«cona avenue,
Estate of Marie Harris (by Michael O. Har
ris, administrator.) to Louis Harris lot is
«!S?i?£l ° entral **** H <> m ««tead iJllUif.
Hull , g-ioUv* *¦
George A.. Turner to Hortens* Thompson
(wife of John), lot on XE line of Har-ln!rto2
Btreet. IK NW of Mission. XW 25 by NE 1W
block 4. Academy Tract; $10 *
William H. and Hattle E. Cameron to Clara
Stolzenburs (wife of A.) lot on NE line Sf
Thirty-seventh avenue, 150 XW of K ¦tr^.f
Seld? |1 T NE 10 ° f W "* "• ? " ra " H°~e-
James McMurray to Analle Elllngsen (wife
of George), lot on S corner of Sixteenth avenue
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY. Oct. 8-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. , Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 0« 07
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — 04
Andes 10 11; Lady Wash 03 —
Belcher 19 20|Mexlcan 38 4a
Best & Belcher 37 39;Occidental OS 10
Bullion 03 04!Ophlr SS 90
Caledonia 46 48;Overman 11 11
Chollar 26 27PotosJ 34 25
Chal Ccn 23 21<Savage 29 30
Confidence .... 7J 80 Scorplcn 01 —
C C & Va 1 30 1 35 Ses Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. S3 »
Con New York 01 — Silver Hill 36 38
Eureka Con ... — 43'St Louis — 15
Crown Point .. 14 15 Standard 3 90
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 65 67|Union Con .... 2A 27
Hale & Norcrss 2S 30 Utah 11 12
Julia 03 04 1 Yellow Jacket . 23 25
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
600 Andes 03' EOO Gould & Curry. «
600 Andes Wj 500 Mexican 38
300 Best & Belcher 3v 1100 Mexican 35
300 Best & Belcher 3S SCO Ophlr 80
200 Challenge Con .. 21 3CO Ophtr 84
300 Choilar 22 200 Ophlr 86
600 Chollar 23 200 Ophir 87
2W Chollar 24 £00 Savage 24
200 Con Cal & V.I 22'4 800 Savage 25
300 Con Cal & Va..l 25 400 Sierra Nevada. 33
900 Could & Curry. 45! 20O Sierra. Nevada. 3«
SCO Gould & Curry. 47|
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 0» 200 Hale & Norcrss 30
SCO Belcher 19 500 Mexican 33
300 Belcher .: IS 500 Ophlr 89
500 Best & Belcher 33 JflO Overman 12
EOO Con Cal & Va..l 30 2£0 Potosl 23
100 Confidence 77 12oO Potosl 2*
50 Confidence 7« UOO Savage 26
50 Confidence .".... 80 400 Sierra Nevada. 36
BOO Crown Point... 15 200 Sierra Nevada. 37
400 Gould & Curry. 56 600 Sierra Nevada. 38
400 Gould & Curry. 57 400 Union Con .... 25
200 Gould & Curry. 55 EOO Yellow Jacket.. 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
200 Belcher 17 400 Gould & Curry. 4«
100 Belcher 18 TOO Gould & Curry. 47
100 Beat & Belcher 35 400 Overman 11
100 Chollar 23 ICO Savage 24
200 Con Cal & Va..l 25, 1C0 Sierra Nevada. 33
60 Confidence 75 i
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 37 300 Ophlr 88
400 Best & Belcher 3S 100 OpWr 87
80) Caledonia 47 200 Overman 13
*200 Chollar 25 300 Savage 23
SCO Con Cal & Va..l 35 500 Savage 28
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 400 Sierra Nevada. 37
hW Gould & Curry. 57ilOOO Sierra Nevada.. 3S
900 Gould & Curry. 58 1 100 Sliver Hill 37
200 Mexican 33 700 Union Con ... 27
400 Mexican 39 300 Yellow Jacket . 23
200 Occidental OS'
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Oil City Petroleum 28 00
400 Petroleum Center 30
400 Sterling O & D Co 2 50
- Street—
600 Home Oil. b 20 4 35
60 Home Oil 4 30
Afternoon Session.
Board —
EM Four Oil Co 60
60 Home Oil 4 45
100 Home Oil, b 10 4 43
45 Kern River 20 60
60 Kern River 21 00
600 McKlttrlck IS
100 McKlttrick 19
100 Sterling O & D Co '2 50
50 Anglo-Cal Bank 63 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 pr ct bds.102 25
SO Hana, Plantation Co 7 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 24 50
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 104 75
20 Makawelt 43 CO
*:*C» Market-st R R Con 5 per ct bond».llS 00
20 Pacitlc Gas Imp al 00
20 San Fran Gas & Electric Co, ¦ 80.. 51 53
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 51 50
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 51 25
10 Spring; Valley Water 95 00
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mort)...103 50
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mort)....102 50
Street—
$7000 S V 6 per cent bonds 113 73
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
40 Hutchinson 8 P Co 24 SO
$1000 N P C K R 5 per cent bonds 106 00
30 Paauhau S P Co 30 25
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 52 00
100 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 51 87%
¦ 30 San Fran Gas & Electric Co. s 90 51 75
25 Spring Valley Water 95 00
$2000 Spring Valley 6 per cent bonds 113 50
$1000 Spring Valley 6 per cent bonds 113 75
Street—
POWDER STOCKS.
California. — 162", I Vlgortt S'.i 3'/£
Giant Con Co. 84 84 V* I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7',4 Kilauea S PCo 2M4 21%
Haw C & 6 Co — 874 Makawell S Co 42% —
Honokaa S Co. 30 — .Onomea S Co.. 27** 23*4
Hutch S P Co. 24tf — I Paauhau S Co. 30 30V*
MISCEIiLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 123^125 Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Assn 98 — Pac C Bor Co.150 151%
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co.. 12V4 —
Oceanic S Co.. 83 — I
Morning Session.
/ Board—
$1000 California St. Cable bonds 119 00
UNITED STATES BONDS.
4s quar coup...H4%115»4 4s do cp (new).13o^ i*>
4s do res 114%UMi 3s do coup 1<»*S
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co..l02Ul$3»i £aw Water as ~ J™
Cal-«t Cab 5s..im,~— .Oceanic S S &s.10.?*iu^*
C C Water 6s.. 106^106% !Om C Ry ««---^2 _
Ed L & P 63..131 - Pac O Il °p. 4 J;-}SJ' > _
Lf^st R R 6 is:= - p^o^K -
H D c ot s^?::iw = W^jti8m
L A R Ss 104H105 SF4SJ \5s.im*119*
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal to.lUU —
Do gntd 6s... - - 3 P of A 6s^. .111 Ultt
L A gntd 5s... — 101 SPCb 4 < J D05 \ ft7 1ff rv;
L A P R R 5s — 102 ! (Series A)...-!" 107H
Market-st 6s...l2S - ', tK) (Series B)M7Vs —
Do 1st M 5s.. - - S P C 6s <1DC6).10S£110
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Do (1912)-. ••• ll '^ ""
N R of Cal 6a. 113 115 8 P R 1st gntd — —
Do 5s 116 — S P Br 6s 130 —
N P C R R 63.102 105 S V AVater 6s. — —
Do Ss 106 106\ Do 4s }££? 103 »
N Cal Ay 6s... — 111 Do 3d mtg...l<>2^ —
Oak C, L & H.109H — Stcktn Gas 6s. — 10-V4
Oak Tran 6s... — 117
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 7CH 71 Spring Valley. 9l\ 95
Marin County. 6U* —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L 4 P Co 4 4% Pac L Co — 44V4
Equit G L Co. 3\i 34 Sac El G&RCo 33^ 35
Mutual El Co. — 10% S F G & E.... 51 61»s
OGL& H — 60 San FrancUco. 5 5V»
Pac Gas Imp.. 51 614
INSURAXCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 137 — (
BANK BTOCKa
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 — Lon P & A.... 133 135
Bank of Cal. ..407 — Merchants' Ex 15. —
Cal S D & T..105 — Nev Nat Bit... — —
First Natlonal.WS 300
SAVINGS BANKS.
G«r S & L — 1900 Sav &. L So.... — *1
Hum S <& L... — — Sac Sav Bk — —
Mut Sav Bk... SO 57H Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U 510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — |O S L & H — 45
Geary-st 25 — Presidio 14 22H
Market-Bt — 674i|
MOXDAT. Oct *-! P- m -
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Bond Exchange. Business was , d "J 1 ' tft I ° lv th *
afternoon Gas and Electric declined to 51U-
The oil stocks continued quiet. h
The Gould & Curry Mining Company Has
levied an assessment of 15c.
The Goethe-Schiller Monument Association
(owner) with Seregni & Bernierl (contractors).
architect Julius E. Krafft— Granite, brick and
concrete work for a pedestal and steps an-t set
ting up Of a double statue of bronze furnished
by owner In Golden Gate Park; J<-1'>-
John Demartini (owner) with Louis Cereehlno
(contractor), architect C. A. Meus3dorfTer— All
work for a 2-story and basement and frama
building on lot on X line of Verona, place. 206
E of Third, E 63 by N 70; J78S3.
Builders' Contracts
John Ballard to Maria V. Bollard 40 acres,
being the E half of the S hnlf of Plat 77.
Rant-ho V. and D. Peralta. Oakland Township;
G." W. Fisher (and as trustee) ta Puget Sound
Lumber Company (a corporation), lot 6, block
102, on nap No. 1 of a pprtlon of father trust
property, to correct 73) D. 431, Alarneda: $10.
J. R. and C. R. Talcott to Manuel J. and Rosa
F. Homen, lot on XW line of Patterson ave
nue. 200 SW from the point of Intersection with
S line of Bancroft street, thence SW 50. XW
150. NE 50. SE 150 to beginning, bains lot 11.
block B. on map of I*att»rson Homestead Asso
ciation No. 2, Brocklyn Township; J10CO.
Martha J. Haines. to Ellis S. and Eva J.
Kitchen, lot on W corner of Twenty-second
avenue and East Sixt»entri street. SW 35 by
Kff 100. being the NE 19 feet of lota 13 to IS.
block !4. San Antonio. East Oakland: "frrant.
Mrs. O. Lamler* (widow) tr> J. D. Spencer,
lot 15. block 13. Fltchbursr Homestead Tract.
Brooklyn Township (subject to tnortKageV. $10.
Margaret A. and Herbert Cowing to Martha
A. Cowing, that half of lot 13 which lies next
to lot 17. block 10, map of the Warner Tract.
Brooklyn Township: Jin.
LUIle H. find Georse R. Read to Myron L.
Wurts. lot on S line of Tompkins— or Oregon
street, 120 W of Ralston. W 120 by S 1S3. being
lot 2. block 8, State University Homestead As
sociation No. 3, Berkeley ; $15.
Myron L. and Rebecca Wurts to Albert E.
Hargraves. lot on S line of Tompkins or Ore
gon street. i;o W of Ralston or Grant. "W 40
by S 135. being the E 40 feet of lot 2. block 8.
map of same; ji ..
L. 1L and Agnes W. Farri3 worth to Edwin
Sutherland, lot or. N* line cf Dwight way. 173
E of Bowdltch street. E ST. 41 by N 150, betnsr
a portion of lot 2, block 8, map of property
of College, Homestead Association. Berkeley;
$10.
Ellen O'Orady to Bridget Sharp, lot on B
line of Myrtle street. 194 S of Third, S 23 by
E 100. block 440. Oakland: gift.
Peter and Sarah M. Thomson to Frank T.
McHonry. lot on W line of Webster street, 6H)
S of Walnut or Twenty-second. W 100. SW
6191. SE 97.S3. XW 13.S2. NE 37.05 to begin
ning. Oakland: $10.
Paul and Margaret Ny to H. W. Naylor. lot
7. block B, Suburban Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Alameda County.
and Q street. SW 100 by SE 25. block 332, O'N.
and H. Tract: 110.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, TUESDAY, KjKJLXjnjnu, v, lWV.
Nav York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Prices for local ' stocks and bonds remained
about the same on the morning session of the
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
California Fruit Sales.
8
OCEATT TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
Ifc^ wharf, San Francisco:
KV^^ Fcr Ala.'kan I'->rts— 11 i. m..
IWmQ'V Ort - *¦ '• 12 - 1". 23. 2S. Nor. J.
t'rJ**?S^ T^»k Change to rempany'j steam-
KSLB&iVA=| er " at Seattle.
St^5*^^*4 For Victoria, Vanrouver fB.
BMi-^f^il r >- Port Townsend. Seattle.
£ iy Tacoma. Kver^tt. Ari-rr'.pi
and New Whatcom (Wart. > — .
11 a. m.. Oct. 4. S. 13. IS. 23. 2».
Ncv. 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Chanr*
at Seattle to this company's steam*™ for
Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
Kor Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m. Oct. K,
10 15. 20. 25. SO. Not. 4. and eTerr flftli day
thereafter. .
For San Die**, utoppinsr only at Part Har-
ferd (San Luis Obl5P«>. Sarta Parbara. Pert
Los Angeles and Redondo <Los Angreles) — 11 a.
m. Oct. 4. 8. 12. 1<5. 20. 24. 23. Nor. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Panta Cruz. 5Innter»y. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspc). Gariota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Ea«t San Pedro <Los Arurel»«> and KewT>ort— 9
a m.. Oct. «. 10. 14. 18. 22. it. JO. Not. J.
and every fourth day thereaft«rr.
For Ensanada. Maetla!*na Bay, San Jo»« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
Kor further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company rwerves the right to charir*
steamers, nailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE — 4 Hew Montgomery
street (Palace HntpO.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS tt CO.. Ova. A»ents.
18 Market *t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R, CO.
MSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
r i OC $12 First Class. Including Berth
iflnC 5.8 Second Class. and Meals.
COLTTMBTA satis Oct. 5. 15, 25. Not. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails... Oct 10, 20, V>
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Ac-it,
C39 Market street.
GOODAlL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHAKT. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..-
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKOXO. calling »t
Kobe <Hiogo). Najtasakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong; with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU —
Wednesday. October n, 19M
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. Norsmber U. 190O
SS. NIPPON MARU^..- •»»•¦.
Thursday. December «. 19C0
Via Honolulu.
Rotmd-trip ttckets at reduced rates. Tor
freUht and passage apply at company*» of3ce,
421 Market str«*t. corner nf First.
W. H. AVERT. General A cent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KXW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. L05O0K. PAHI3.
Stopplnr at Cherbmitr. westbonpd.
From New Tort Everr Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Oct. VTfSt. Paul Nor. 1
si: Guis:::: oct. « «. louis — Nov. «
New Tork "" v— k Not. 17
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
From V-w Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ...Oct. IT Krtesland Not. T
Kensington Oct. M Southward .... Not. 14
Noordland Oc l - Sl Nov. 17
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of tts agents.
-0XPA3MI2 6E5SBAL? TRANSATLA5TIQU3,
I5IPECT LIXE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »^>^-
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <?[««££
Saturday from November 5. 1S». at3W*te
1ft » m from Pier K. North River, foot of
Mnrtnr?' street. L"AQUITAINE. Oct. 11; L.\
LORRAINE Oct. IS: LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 2S:
ta -TOirRAlNE. Not L First class to Ilavt*.
S^ «r.d upward. Second class to Havre, *4J SO
t^A uDwanl GENERAL AGENCT FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. » Bnjadwa »
(Hmlson building). New Tork. J. F. FLOAZI
irinusu pacinc Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue*. San Francisco.
Orr \vic s.s. co.-noNOLtn.TJ, apia
AITCKI..ANI> AND SYDNEY.
«;«? QUEEN (Honolulu only>
SS. V-I- Wednesday. October 17. 2 p. m.
9S "XiIaMEDA to New Zealand and Aus-
tralia Wednesday. October Jl, 9 p.m.
SS AUSTRALIA to Tahiti
"•„„.; Thursday. November 1. 8 p.m.
L 0 SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Aqts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freiaht Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
riSm-YARDanilVALLEJO
Steamer *' Montlcello."
HON.. Tijes., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. J:I5, 8:30 p. m. (e-x. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. tn. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., $
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street DocX
pier No. 2. Telephone Main UCi
FARE .„...„.»«Supervisor Dwyer stated that the clerks
in the office had worked as long as eight
een hours per day. Election Commissioner
Voorsanger made a plea for Increased sal
aries for two clerks, who, he said, are en
titled to greater compensation. These
clerks are Harry Zamansky and Dennis
Gordon, who are to act as deputy regis
trar and chief clerk respectively If the
scheme goes through.
Supci visor Heed could see no reason to
increase the salaries now that the work
has fallen oft in the Registrar's office.
The scheme concocted by the Election
Commissioners, aided and abetted by
Mayor Phelan, to increase illegally the
salaries of two clerks in the Registrar's
office wns delayed yesterday by the' Board
of Supervisors, some of the members ex
prepsirg bitter opposition to buch a palpa
ble cv.'ision of the charter. The resolution
authorizing the Board of. Election Com
missioners to employ a deputy registrar
and a chief clerk at a compensation of
$150 per month each "was referred to the
City Attorney for his opinion as to tne
legality of the proceeding. The resolution
was drawn in accordance with the recom
mendation of the Mayor, who acted with
the full knowledge that the charter dees
not provide for increasing the salaries of
Registrar's clerks, which are fixed at $100
per month each.
Mayor Persists in Ignoring
Express Provision of
Charter.
THAT ATTEMPT TO
RAISE SALARIES
SHOOTING AFFRAY IN
.11271)1211,0111 DISTRICT
A tragedy in low life which may result
fatally occurred in the lodsring' house for
merly conducted by Billy Abbott at 423
Dupont street early yesterday afternoon.
Thomas F. Fallon. known as "Hasher
Tom," was shot in the head by an opium
fiend who travels under many aliases, but
13 best known as "Curley" Cole. The in
jured man -was conveyed to the Receivtnjc
Hospital and the shooter made his escape.
The revolver used was a cheap affair and
the bullet did not penetrate the brain, but
fractured a portion of the frontal bone.
The shooting was the result of jealousy,
in which a woman known as Maude Wil
liams plays a conspicuous part. There
are two other persons named Williams in,
the case, but they are not related to each,
other. Both of the principals in the affair
are opium flenda. and Cole had just been
released from jail when he committed the
crime.
Cole had been llvlnjr with the Williams
woman for nearly a month. Recently Fal
lon appeared on the scene as a suitor for
the .lady's affections, and she besran to>
neglect Cole, who became very Jealous
and made threats afralnst his rival.
When Cole was released from Jail yes
terday mornins and returned homo ha
found Fallon in a room with the woman.
A quarrel ensued and tho shot was fired.
Fallon will not die.
Master Plumbers' Association.
The Association of Master Plumberg of
San Francisco has elected the following
officers to serve for the ensuing: y<?ar|
President. Moses Fishery vice president,
Georg-e Dallamore: treasurer, Henry ITuJf.
schmldt; financial secretary. A. New.
mark; corresponding secretary. J. L. HL
Flrmin: recording secretary, C T. M-v
Carthy; sergeant-at-arms. j. II. Brooke;
chairman general committee. F. Koch;
trustees— "William D. Quinn, G. C. Swee
ney, G. W. Bayreuther
None can foresee the outcome cf the quarrel
between foreign powers over the division o;
China. It is interesting: to watch the going to
pieces of this ancient but unproirresstve race.
Many people in America are also going to
pieces because of dyspepsia, constipation.
blood, liver and stomach diseases. We an»
living too fast.- but strength, vigor and good
health can be retained If we keep oft and cur»
th« above diseases with Hos tetter's Stomach
Bitter*
What Will Become of China P
DRAW FOB. THE tvi i iiwumr
STAKE AT UNION PASS
Sixty-Four Bogs Will Chase the
Harea for the Regular Wednes
day Prizes.
The draw for the midweek reserve stake
at Union Park, which will be contested
on Wednesday, was held last night at
Pythian Castle. Sixty-four dogs will
course for the regular midweek prizes.
The draw is:
Midweek stake, »lvty-four entries — J. J. Ed
niond's Whisky Hill v». F. A. McComb'a Uttle
Sister: J. J. Edmond'n Go On vg. P. C. Bllck'i
May Lawrnee; A. Johnson's Lowlander vs. J.
Byrne's Olympus: J. Farrell's Cash Day vs.
R. K. de B. Lopez's Warrigo: T. Cooaey's
Sweet Favordale vs. Pasha Kennels" Run
Amuck; W. J. Browning's Mountain Bells vi.
Captain Cane's Victor Queen; T. J." Cronin'*
Vixen v». J. L. Ross' Wild Wave; T. Cooney's
Modesty vs. P. C. Bllck's Advanc* Guard;
George Sharman'a Miss Skyrocket vs. J_ Car
rol's Turquoise: J. P. Thrift's Forget vs. J.
Carrol's Red Hind: J. H. McNeil's Pearl Mac
vs. J. It. Ross' Wautaugh: R. E. de B. Lopez's
AVombat vs. O. Zahl's Tony Bowers; R. K. de
B. Lopei & Son's Sweetness vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Real Lassie; Curtis & Sons' Old Glory vs.
Chlartnl Bros.' Brass Buttons; J. H. Hur
ley's Star - of Cuba vs.' Curtis & Son's
K'boeh: C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud vs. J. M.
SMIweU's Esmeralda; P. C. Bllck's La Rosa
Souvenir vs.«E. Dorety's Hartford Lass; Pasha
Kennels' Recording Angel vs. W. C Bariger's
Alameda Lad: M. Michallkl's Terronite vs.
O. Lennon's Jennie Nays; G. Lenoon'a Half
Moon vs. .A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; K. Do
rety's Springfield Boy vs. T. J. Cronln's Daisy
Dale; Pasha Kennels* Roundabout vs. T. J.
Cronin's Maid of Ball: J- H. Perigo's Querita
Vincent vs. J. O'Dowd's Shootover: Sterl A
Knowles' Amarosa vs. O. Zahl's Miss Wilson:
R. E. de B Lopez & Son'» Mlnnewawa vs. Sterl
& Knowles' Rusty Gold; Chlarlnl Bros." Pal
myra, vs. P. J. Olmo's Cora. Pearl: Joe Smith's
Master Workman vs. P. C. Bllck's Fedora; T.
J. Cronan's Rose of Tralee vs. M. Sullivan's
Wild Norah; Pacha Kennel*' Golden Nugget vs.
F. Jones' Tom Hurley; H. A. Deckelman's Ben
Klrby v». George Sharman" a Bona Fide: E.
Stetnhofra Veto v». J. Barley's Shylock Boy:
J. Cnrrol's Erin'» Bop* v». H. A. Decktlman's
Soap Shot.
Shepstoa Suing His Wife.
The action by which John A, Shepston
e*eks to compel his wife. Catherine M.
Bhepston, to reconvey reaatv located at
the northeast corner of Twenty-sixth and
EarUett streets has been submitted for
decision by Juijge Murasky. Shepeton al
ltgf he conveyed the property to his
wife ¦with the express understanding that
he b« given a comfortable home. She
f.nally forced him to separate from her,
he alleges, and now he wants his prop
erty back. "
Supervisor McCarthy had filed a report
in which he recommended that the au
thorization be cut to $3000 and | stated
among other things that he had received
an estimate of $2525 as the cost of the gal
lery, exclusive of the steel framework,
which cost $340. The Board of Public
Works filed a report in answer to that of
McCarthy in which it stated that it had
Invited the San Francisco Flreprooflng
Company to perform the work for the
sum named, and recommending the ac
ceptance of the offer should be made. A
lengthy report of Superintendent of Pub
lic Buildings Barnett, detailing a history
of the original contract entered into for
the construction of the gallery, was filed.
Barnett accused McCarthy of animus In
his strictures on the Board of Public
Works.
The caustic report filed by Supervisor
McCarthy last week. In which he demon
strated that the estimate of the cost of
the police photograph gallery in the Hall
of Justice made by the Board of Public
Works was entirely too high, has borne
good fruit. The board recommended to
the Supervisors yesterday that the com
pany which made the estimate of $2525
be invited to bid for the work and if it
compiled with the request that it receive
the contract. This will effect a savins
of nearly $1000 In the original figures of
the Board of Public "Works
The ordinance authorizing the Board of
Works to enter into the contract for the
erection of the gallery at an estimated
cost of $3500 was re-referred to the Public
Buildings Committee for action.
Board of Works Lowers the
Photograph Gallery Es
timate.
LARGE EXPENSE
ITEM TO BE CUT
Dyer Brothers were granted permission
to explode blasts on the southeast corner
of Second street and Dow place.
The ordinance appointing Stephen Pot
ter a stenographer to take down testimony
in the investigation of the Spring Valley
plant was passed.
The ordinance changing the name of
Frederick street, between First and Sec
ond avenues, to H street was passed.
The certified check of the Stanley Tay-
The bill providing for the creation of
a police relief and pension fund wai
amended to increase the allowance there
for from moneys collected for liquor . li
censes from 5 to 7 per cent.
The ordinance imposing a graduated
license on dealers in second-hand goods
was amended to exclude second-hand fur
niture dealers from its provisions.
Ordinances were finally passed prohibit
ing the gathering and selling of water
cress or other edible herbs which have
been grown within 1000 feet of sewer out
lets, cesspools or other places where
stagnant water may be accumulated; also
regulating the care of animals afflicted
with contagious diseases and placing their
supervision in the hands of the Board of
Health. ?
Miscellaneous Business.
A communication from the Point Lobo«
Improvement Club was read. In which il
was alleged that the Richmond District
Improvement Club, which had opposed
the granting of the franchises, was a de
funct organization, and that E. P. K.
Troy was its only member. The Point
Lobos Club disclaims any connection with
the Richmond organization.
The recommendation of the joint Com
mittee on Judiciary and Streets that ac
tion on the proposed ordinance granting
the Board of Public Works additional
powers to those provided by the charter
be indefinitely postponed was adopted.
The bill would have given the board abso
lute control over all street encroach
ments. The committee In Its report stat
ed that the Board of Supervisors had no
authority to delegate its powers to an
other board nor had it any authority to
increase the prescribed duties of any
branch of the city government
A resolution was adopted reassigning
the rooms vacated in the City Hall by
various departments as a result of new
and better quarters .will be furnished to
the Boards of Health, Public Works,
Civil Service Commissioners. Election
Commissioners, Registrar, Justices' clerk.
Hastings' College of the Law. City Attor
ney, Grand Army of the Republic and
Grand Jury. •; £
Reed moved tho reference of the reso
lution back to the committee with in
structions to assign quarters to the As
sociated Veterans of the Mexican War.
who had applied for them. Braunhart ob
jected to the delay, but said the Public
Buildings Committee would grant the pe
tition of the veterans, as there, were sev
eral rooms yet available.
Brandenstein submitted an amendment
requiring the company to file an agree
ment to begin the work of restoring the
pavement to its original condition on all
streets where it had abandoned tracks,
but it was lost. LJraunhart presented an
amendment, •which was also lost, requir
ing the poles and appliances to be of
home manufacture. He contended that
the company should be compelled to com
ply with the charter and objected to the
favorable report of the Public Utilities
Committee, which, he Eaid, contained
everything in favor of the company and
nothing in favor of the people. Heed said
there was a general law making it oblig
atory on the company to keep the streets
in proper repair. The Mayor said there
was difficulty in compelling the company
to live up to the law. Tobin said ho
would vote against the franchise because
the wires were not to be placed under
ground and because the company had not
complied with promises heretofore made.
Secretary Painter of the North Central
Improvement Club said that all the im
provement clubs and merchants In the
downtown districts favored the granting
of the franchises. The vote on the or
dinances was as follows: Ayes — Booth.
Brandenstein, Boxton, Comte, Connor,
Curtis D'Ancona, Dwyer, Fontana, Ho
taling, Jennings. McCarthy and Reed;
noes— Braunhart and Tobin.
Ordinances were finally passed by the
Board of Supervisors yesterday granting
the Market-street Rallv/ay Company per
mission during the pleasure of the board
to operate by means of electricity with
iron poles and overhead wires its street
railroad on First street, from Folsom to
Market, thence across Market- street and
along Battery to California, and also the
road on Fifth street to Market, to Blux
ome, to Fourth.
Effort to Impose Conditions
on the Company Not
Succ?ssfuL .
FRANCHISE FOR
ELECTRIC LINES
The board adjourned to meet Thursday
night to take up the investigation of the
Spring Valley water Company's affairs
with a view toward fixing the water rates
for the next fiscal year.
The assignment of a meeting place In
the Hall of Justice for the Grand Jury
was revoked,, as that body will remain
in its present quarters at the City Hall.
Reed s resolution that the sum of $200,000
excess be apportioned and set
apart as a public improvement fund, to
be used for no other purpose, was laid
over to await the opinion of the City
Attorney.
The Finance Committee will meet this
afternoon to hear the petition of tha
Point Lobos Improvement Club for th«
establishment of an emergency hospital
Jn Golden Gate Park.
The Printing Committee was authorized
to enter into a contract to furnish the
Fire Department with sixty assignment
books, to be paid for out of the urgent
necessity fund. The Auditor holds that
the regular stationery fund should be
drawn upon for this contract and says
he will refuse, to sign the demands.
The petition of George Roundy for tho
abatement of certain nuisances In the
University Mound district was referred to
the Boards of Health ami Public Works
for investigation and a report.
Tho Board of Works was directed to
furnish one steel safe at a cost of $75,
one stationery case and book racks for
the County Clerk's office in the Hall of
Justice.
The attention of the Board of Works
was called to the petition of the Potrero
manufacturers for the improvement of
Ninth street, between Brannan and Di
vision.
lor Company for $1750, deposited with the
clerk at the time of the submission of
its bid for printing supplies, was ordered
returned and a check for $150 was depos
ited by the firm as a substitute therefor.
During his sojourn In the far eastern
country Prince Poniatowski remarked
that he saw the Ormonde filly, bred at the
Napa stock farm of A. B. Spreckels, step
a quarter in 23 seconds, and it was the
opinion generally expressed that she will
be a crackajack. The young miss brought
$1400 at the sale held in New York last
August.
Perry Hildreth has lost his useful bread
winner Captive. The big chestnut horse,
which arrived at Oakland track last week
with the string of W. P. Magrane, con
tracted a cold and died on Sunday night.
A report erroneously circulated in the
East stated that the California season
would open November 19 at Tanforan
Park. Oakland track will set the ball in
motion Saturday, November 3.
There will be no dearth of saddle talent,
for "Winnie O'Connor, Henry, Bullman,
Spencer and ether pigskin artists will don
the ?llk.
Local race-goers may also have the
pleasure of seeing the colors of Mr. Feath
erstone of Chicago carried to the post, as
the owner of Mesmerist stated that he
would send a select stable this way In
charge of Julius Bauer, the noted trainer.
It has already been published that such
well known horsemen as Sam Hildreth,
Pat Dunne. Barney Schreiber and Albert
Simons will be represented by some choice,
bits of thoroughbred horse ttesh.
As steeplechase and hurdl? racing will
be strong-ly featured by the Tanforan As
tociatlon, the public may expect to see a
revival of tills exciting but uncertain
game. So, too, will events for hunters re
ceive consideration from the programmer.
J. \V. Colts, an enthusiast at the timber
topping sport, told Prince Ponlatowski he
¦would ship over the crack "leppers" Ben
Edcr and Dr. Catlett, while C. Whit
ney will send game old The Bachelor. A
number of Canadian horses may also par
ticipate.
Although Tanforan Park is without a
steeplechase course, ground will be
broken for one to-day. Xo hurdle events
will be less than one mile and a half,
while races through the field will vary
from two to three miles. The course will
be a stiff one, a "Liverpool" with a stone
fence four feet high and, sixty feet wide,
with wings on each side, being down for
construction. The water jump will be
placed nearly opposite the grand stand.
Some valuable stakes to be offered are
exrected to attract the select of the Jump
ing brigade.
To accommodate the expected rush ten
new stables will be erected, each to con
tain forty stalls. Tanforan will then be
able to house over 700 horses and training
over Ingleside track will soon become a
thing of the past. The new jockey club's
projector also said it had been decided to
build another paddock 500x300 feet on a
different scale from others In vogue. The
new ore will be open, with walks which
will permit of ladies promenading and
scanning the starters.
Prince Andre Poniatowski, organizer of
the new San Francisco Jockey Club, arr
rived from the East on Friday night last,
after a somewhat protracted visit In the
interest of the association over which he
Mill preside. The Prince received assur
ances from many prominent Eastern own
ers, among them James R. Keene, Pierre
Lorillard and W. C. Whitney, that they
would in all probability ship strings to
California. He thinks the prospect for the
coming season the brightest in the his
tory of the srort this side of the Rockies.
Prince Poniatowski Is En
thusiastic Over the
Outlook.
CRACK STABLES
HEADED THIS WAY
H. S.; Rose. H. H. 8.; Hinds. C. H. S.: Wyll*.
P. A. H. S.; Tarpey. P. A. H. S,; Gblssell.
P. H. S.: Turnbull, P. n. S,; Q. Boettiger,
B. H. S.
Abbreviatlons-P. A. H. S.. Palo Alto High
School; U. H. S.. Ukiah High School; B. J.
H. S.. San Jose High School; B. H. 8.. Berke
ley High School; C. H. 8., Central High School;
O. H. S.. Oakland High School; P. H. S..
Polytechnic Hish School: C. 8. M. A.. Cali
fornia School Mechanical Arts: Pet H. 8..
Petaluma High School; A. A., Anderson Acad
emy: L. H. S. Lowell High School; H. H.
8.. Healdsburg Illch SchooL
Valliere O. H. 9.: Hughes. O. H. 8.; B*U.
H. H. S-; Rose. H. H. 8.; Shipman. C U.
S.; Olsen. P. H. 8.; Hickey. B. H. S.
Twelve-pound hammer throw— Brown, U. II.
S.; Partln, U. H. 8.; Dutton, 17. II. S.; Ros*.
H. H. S.: Hinds, a H. S.: Wylie. P. A. IC
S.; Jacobs. P. II. S.; Volz, B. H. S.; O. Boet
tUer. B. H. S. »
Broad Jump— J. Weller. U. H. 8.; Flnne, IT.
H. S.; Partln. U. H. S.; TaCender. M. H. 8.;
Husband. M. H. S. ; Bell, II. H. S. ; Hlnda. C.
H. S.; Bowles. Pet. H. S.; Ghtsseli. P. H. 9;
Chaplin. B. H. S. : iretcalr. O. II. S.; Miranda.
O. H. S.; Smile. O. H. S.
Tweive-pound ehotput— Partin, U. H. S.;
Doran, M. H. S. : Volz, B. H. S.: Graves. P.
Xeedham. B. H. S.; Metcalf. O. H. &; La
Valllere. O. II. S. ; Hughes, O. H. 8.
HlKh jump— Finne, U. H. S. : Thomas, U. H.
S.: Taffender, M. H. S.; Husband. M. H. 8.:
Needham. B. H. S.; Metcalf. O. H. S. : La
Pole vault— Wyckoff. U. H. S.: Thomas, V.
H. S.; Taffender. M. H. S.; Husband, M. II.
S.; Bell, H. H. ?.; Rose. H. H. S.; Bhlpman.
C. H. S.: Olsen. P. H. 3.: Hlckey, B. H. 8.;
O. H. S.
SSO-yard nm-G. Weller. U. II. S.; L. Hen
ley. U. H. 9. : Dutton. U. II. S. ; Johnson. 11. II.
a; Martin. C. H. S.; Cople. C. 8. M. A.; Tar
pey. P. A. H. S. ; Graces. P. H. S. ; HellwtK.
P. H. S. : Mitfcewson, P. H. S. ; Harrison, U.
II. 9.; \Yramr«>lmeier, B. H. S.; Keedaam. li.
H. S.: Smile. O. II. S.
2»)-yard dash— First heat: Turpin, M. II. S.;
Henley. U. H. S. ; Byrne. P. H. S.; Nelson.
B. H. S.; Wllcox. O. H. S.. Seconrt beat:
Thomson. V. H. S. ; Olsen. P. II. S. ; Hughes,
O. H. S.; Healy. Pet. H. S.
XO-yard hurd>s— First heat: J, Weller, U. H.
S.; Howard. Pet. H. S. : Jacobs. P. U. K
Second heat: Bowles. I J et. H. S.: Brown. XT.
H. S. ; Chaplin. B. H. S. Thlrrt heat: Burpe*.
O. IL S.; Fince. U. H. 8.; Will, H. H. S.
Fourth heat: Parkan. L. H. S.; La Valllere,
O. H. S.; R. BoettlKer. B. II. S.
One mile run— Wyckoff. V. H. S. : G. WeUer.
V. II. S.; Johnson. M. H. S.: Malloy, S. J. H.
S. ; Martin. C. H. S. : Graves, P. H. S. ; ilathew
son, P. H. S.; Hellwig. p. II. S.; Harrison,
B. U. S.; Clough. O. 11. 3.; "ftestdahl, O.
II. S.; Dutton, V. H. 9.
Ono mile relay race— Oakland. Berkeley and
Polytechnic Hlsh Schools.
The thirteenth semi-anmial field day of
the Academic Athletic League will bo
held next Saturday afternoon, on the cin
der path cf the University of California
at Berkeley.
The entries, which are very numerous,
are as follows:
10O yards, two heats— First heat: Turpto. M.
H. 8. ; Howard, Pet. H. S. ; Turnbull. P. H. S. ;
Ghlssell. P. H. S. ; R. Boettlsrer, B. H. 3. Sec
ond heat: Healy. Pet. H. B.; AVllcox, O. H.
8.; Hlckey. B. H. S.; Jacobs. P. H. 3.; Shultz,
A. A.
120-yard hurdle— First heat: J. "Weller. U fc
H. S.: Burpee. O. H. S.: Will. H. H. 8. Sec
ond heat: Thomas. V. H. S;. Chaplin, B. II.
S.; Bowles. Pet. H. S. Third heat: Barfcm.
L. H. S.; Hlckey. B. H. 8.
440-yard dash— Thomson, U. II. a: WyUe.
P. A. H. S.; Tarpey. P. A. IL S. ; Wyckoff.
U. H. S.; Thomas. LT. K. S. : Byrne. P. H. S. :
Olsen. P. H. 3. ; Ualton, P. II. £5. ; La Valllere,
LIST OF ENTRIES
IS VERY LARGE
Academic Athletic League
to Hold Semi-Annual
Field Day.
THE meeting of first voters at
Metropolitan Temple this evening
may prove to be one of the notable
demonstrations of the campaign.
On behalf of the Union League
Club William M. Abbott will introduce to
the audience J. M. Mannon, chairman of
the meeting. The young men who are
preparing to participate In the demonstra
tion propose to vote for McKinley and
Roosevelt. The band and Union League
quartet will entertain .the audience.
Julius Kahn and Eugene F. Loud, Repub
lican nominees for Congress, will each
deliver a short address to the assembled
youngsters.
Elaborate arguments and long set
speeches will not be expected to-night.
The rule of giving each speaker ten min
utes will be generally recognized. J. M.
Mannon will pay his respects to "The Op
position Party." R. G. Hudson will speak
to the topic of "Trusts." R. S. Pierce. will
discuss "Imperialism." Herbert L. Roth
chlld will talk of the "Full Dinner Pall."
and Ransom C. Van Fleet will speak to
the subject. "The Logic of the Spanish-
American War."
The "twenty-onesters" of Republican
faith are taking a lively Interest in the
The meeting of The Board of Election
Commissioners last night was enlivened
by the determined but futile opposition of
a minority faction of the Citizens' Repub
lican party to the latter's petition to have
its candidates placed upon the general
ticket. The party was represented by
Charles Fortes, W. S. Scott and Alex
Truman, -who presented the petition, in
which It was stated that a convention had
been regularly held after a postal pri
mary had been carried out.
CITIZENS' REPUBLICAN TICKET.
The Bear Club will parade next Friday
evening In honor of General Clarke E.
Carr of Illinois, who will speak at Metro
politan Temple that evening under the
auspices of the Republican State Com
mittee.
proposed demonstration. Indications are
that the house will bf crowded to-night.
The managers of the Republican cam
paign in this State are receiving encourag
ing reports from the several Congressional
districts. Many well-known citizens who
were Democrats prior to the introduction
of Bryanlsm have openly announced their
intention to vote for President McKinley
and assist in the election of a Republican
Congress to sustain the administration.
The minority, faction was represented
by Charles Pettls and C. F. Buckley. They
allegeu that their side had held a pri
mary in which nineteen citizens partici
pated.
Both sides were heard by the Commis
sioners, and after an animated discussion,
in which allegations of fraud were numer
ously made, the Commissioners decided
to accept the ticket of.the regular Citi
zens' Republican party as represented by
Forbes, Scott and Truman, as it had com
plied with the law in all respects.
A. Lewis addressed the commission in
opposition to the petition of the Social
Democratic party, represented by Cam
eron H. King, but the latter's claim was
recognized. The ticket has also been ac
cepted by the Secretary' of State.
The contract for printing 75.000 sample
ballots and 75.000 regular ballots was
awarded to Phillips & Smyth for $364 75.
Joseph T. O'Connor Club.
A Joseph T. O'Connor Club was formed
last evening: In the assembly room of the
Mills building. The following officers
were elected: President, Alexander Mc-
Culloch; vice president. A. L. Well: sec
retaries — Newton B. Cohn and Dr. Prank
E. Sawyer; treasurer, Sanford Feigen
baum.
There will be but few recruits remaining
in the casual camp at the Presidio after
the sailing of the transport Grant on the
36th inst. Pour hundred and tifty of these
embryo soldiers -will be sent to the Phil
ippines on that vessel and assigned to the
various regiments at present doiiy* duty
In the islands. On the voyage and until
their arrival at the headquarters of the
resrtment to -which they are assigned they
will be in charge of the following officers:
Lieutenant Allen, Thirty-eighth Infantry;
Lieutenant Howcll, Philippine Cavalry;
Lieutenant Hasson, Thirty-fifth Infantry;
Lieutenant Leo Cutts, Eleventh Cavalry,
and Lieutenant Fenner, Sixth Artillery.
A detachment of twenty-four Siirnal
Corp* men, under command of First Class
Sergeant John M. Pool, has been de
tached from Port McDowell and ordered
to the Philippines on the Grant.
Twenty-four Hospital Corps recruits
from Jefferson, Mo., arrived at Fort Mc-
Dowell yesterday and were assigned to
the school of instruction.
An inrpeotion was made of the Govern
ment grounds at Fort Baiter yesterday by
tJenerai Shafter for the purpose of deter
mining the location of the new artillery
p-jst to be located there. A barracks at
this point is an absolute necessity, as
quarters are needed for the two batteries
of artillery thai have the care of the val
uable defenses located at Lime Point.
Tb« escape of an insane eoldler come
time ago from the Presidio van in which
a aumbcr of theza had been taken out for
aji airing has led to the curtailment of
the privileges enjoyed by the daft inmates
of the general hospital. An investigation
of the manner in which the mad soldier
made hla escape led to the Issuance of
an order by General Snafter directing
that in the future the mien remain in con
linement as it was possible- that a patient
whose insanity is ot a violent form might
secure his liberty and do a great deal of
damage-. The escape of the patient whose
case was cited was due to an insufficiency
of g-uards. owing to the small number of
troops stationed at the Presidio, and un
til tils force is increased the Insane pa
tients ax the general hospital must do
without their dally ride.
Colonel Alfred C Girard. who for the
last sixteen months ha« had charge of
vhe general hospital at the Presidio, and
to whose efforts and untiring zeal is due
the successful carrying out of the plans
of the medical department of the army in
relation to this the largest hospital in the
United States, has been proffered the post
of chief surgeon of the Department ol the
Lakes, but has declined the honor. The
offer was practically a promotion, but so
Interested is the colonel in the institution
at the Presidio that he prefers to remain
in hi* present post. The colonel's decision
will be a. source of much satisfaction to
the many friends he has made while sta
tioned here.
Shatter Stop3 Daily Airings
of Crazy Troopers in
the Park.
INSANE SOLDIERS
N0T TO RIDE
Tbe question under present consideration Ls
¦wh«n a secondary or incidental vein crosses
a common side line between -two mining locu
tions at an an?!e and the apex of the vein
is of »uch width that It Is tor a riven dis
tance partly within one claim and partly -with
in the oth»r, to whom does such portion of
the vein belong? This question does not ap
pear to have been ever directly passed upon
by the courts. A mining claim can have but
two end lines, and havingr been once estab
lished they become the end lines for all veln3
found within the surface boundaries. This
court ha» already determined that the line
BCD shown in the diagram introduced on
the trial Is a side line common to the two
claims, and therefore it cannot be considered
the end line for the Drum Lummon vein. If
then In construction of law the vein in the
twenty-flve feet in controversy must be either
upon the one location or the other, and if
the senior locator has priority of title it would
follow that the rlpht of lateral pursuit would
remain with the senior locator within a plane
parallel to the end line of the senior claim
and up to the point of departure of the apes,
or. in this case, the footwall. inasmuch sub
neither statute nor authority permits a division
of the crossing portion of the vein, and th
welrht of authority favors the locator,
the entire v*ln must be considered as apexing
under the senior location until It has wholly
P&ssed beyond lta side line.
Judge Morrow delivered the opinion of
the Court of Appeals, In the course of
which he observed;
The plaintiff claimed the right to pur
sue the Drum Lummon vein extralater
ally so long as any part of the apex of
the vein was within the boundaries of the
St. Louis claim. The Circuit Court Judge
of Montana charged the jury that so long
as the Drum Lummon vein apexed entire
ly within the St. Louis claim the plaintiff
could follow it in Its dip under the Nine
Hour claim, including tho iO-foot strip
referred to in the complaint.
The case is that of the St. Louis Min
ing and Milling Company of Montana va.
the Montana Mining Company, limited.
The action was brought in Montana by
the St. Louis Mining: and Milling Com
pany to recover damages for trespass and
the vaJue of certain ores alleged to have
been wrongfully appropriated and taken
by the Montana Mining Company, a cor
poration, of Great Britain. A verdict was
given awarding the plaintiff $23,209. The
plaintiff, however, not being- satisfied with
the amount of damages awarded It took
an appeal to the United States Circuit
Court of Appoals upon errors which de
prived it of a verdict for a larger sum.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
sitting in the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals with United States Circuit
Judges Gilbert and Ross, handed down
an opinion yesterday that will be found
of more than ordinary Interest to mine
owners and mine workers all over the
country. Judge Gilbert concurred in the
opinion and Judjre Ross dissented.
Distance It May Be Pursued
Into an Adjoining
Claim.
MINERS' RIGHTS
IN ROAMING VEIN
FOUR YOUNG MEN WHO WILL, CAST THEIR FIRST VOTES AT THE COMING ELECTION FOR PRESIDENT
McKINLEY. THEY WILL, ADDRESS THEIR FELLOW REPUBLICANS AT THE "FIRST VOTERS' " MEET
ING TO BE HELD IN METROPOLITAN TEMPLE TO-NIGHT.
I Colusa district— Presiding elder. J. Emery:
I Colusa. J. E. Squire*: Chico. W. J. Fentoa;
I Willows. T. Thoma»: Red Bluff. L. C. Wlll»on:
Princeton. T. O. Patterson: Yaba City. J. W.
Ray; Wheatland. L. A. Green: Lincoln. J. 11.
I Pratt: Sacramento, W. E. Vau«han; Elmlra.
i J. R. Sawyer; Winters aad DaTisvllle, R. F.
I Beaeley; Woodland. J. C. Simmons: Knight*
Landing. L. C. Smith: Gridler and Pennlnston.
to be supplied; Maxwell. O. L. Ruseetl; Butter
City and Grace. J. II. Parker; Sulphur Creek.
A. V. Harbin; Orland. S. B. DIUey; Mlllvtllo
and Ono. J. M. Brown; Big Valley, ; An
dereon G. W. Archer; RockrOle. J. C. Hy
den: Arbucile. W. H. Klncaid: Ilenleyvtlle,
A. W. F. Walters; transferred to Jar a a con
ference. XV. a. TJavls: to Virginia, Jobn. Han
non; Loa Angeles. C. M. Davenport, S. E. Wlll
son.
Pan Joaquln district— Presiding elder. J. J. X.
Kenny; Kr*«no, J. A. Hatchelor; Fresno cir
i cult. J. C. Robertson; Bl« Dry Creek, J. J.
i Roberta: Selma. P. T. Ram»ey; Sanger. J. B.
N'eeilham: Olziuba and Or»«. J. Hedgepeth: Vi
salla. Z. J. Needham: Woodvillo and Kxeter.
P. F. Pagre; Klnssbury. F. E. Pixon; Eakers
fieM, to be supplied; Lemocr» and Coallnga,
E. J. Page: JIadera. W. E. Phillips: Merced.
"W. A. Whltmer: \jh Grande. A. Odom: Mo
desto. N. A. Whltmer: Marlpojm. supplied by
Derrlll Harrison; Hornlto* and Cathay. II.
Neate; So nor a. P. >*. Elajskrashlp; Los Banos.
B. II. Green: Dos Palos. II. W. Curraln; Ray
mond, supplied by C. W. Huff: Snelllng ar.,1
Waterford. J. D. F. Houck; Hanford, L. C.
Renfro; Blsr Oak Flat, to be supplied; 3. K.
Martin, general colporteur.
San Francisco district— Presiding elder. C. B.
TlMdick: Fan Francisco. J. E. Moore: Oakland.
J. C. V.'ooton: Alaroeda. E. It. McWhorter:
Mountain View. Guy McHenry; San Jose, H. C.
Meredith; Gllroy. F. M. Staton; Salinas, W. P.
Andrews; San Lucas, to b» euppplled: Brad
ley, to be supplied: Holllster. J. J. IJetts; San
Benito, to be supplied; Pataluma. R. F. Allen;
Santa Rorn, XV. V. Wa<goner: Healdabur*. C
C Black: Cloverdale. W. A. Lindsay: Yorkvllla
and Boonevllle. W. M. Armstrong: Vklah, W.
P. Coffin; Laytonvl!!* and Round Valley, to be
«'JDplled; Potter Valley. C. K. Clark; Upper
Lake. C. T. rrttrk: Lakeport. ¦William Acton:
Stockton. C. Tl. \V. Smith: Gait. (J. H. Kraz»r;
Linden. W. T. Oouldin: Walnut Grove, A. L.
Paul: Milton. W. A. Booher: Berkeley, to he
supplied: president Pacific College, O. H. Wi!
kln»; editor Pacific Methodist Advocate, R. E.
WlUon.
The complete list of appointments Is *s
follows: •
OAKLAND,* Oct. 8.— The only sug
gestion of contest to stir a breeze
at this year's Methodist Church South
Conference came with the closing
session this afternoon, when Fres
no's delegates, lay and ministerial
aided by other strong San Joaquln
representatives, opened a fight to have
the conference of 1901 held at the Raisin
City. Oakland was too strong for the
country delegations, though, and was
again selected by a two-to-one vote as
the conference city. It was a good na
tured struggle, the chief argument on the
Fresno side being the desire to give the
church In the San Joaquin district an op
portunity to attend the annual conference
without the long and expensive trip to the
bay.
In token of their appreciation of the
work of Bishop W. W. Duncan of North
Carolina, who presided, the conference
adopted resolutions requesting the Bishop
to conduct the annual and the district
conferences noxt year. Bishop Duncan
expressed his appreciation of -the request.
The conference decided that on October
28 collections for the benefit of the Meth
odist sufferers by the Texas floods shall
be taken in all of the churches of the
conference..
Bishop Duncan announced during? the
morning session that Washington Duke,
a philanthropist of note, had given a sec
ond $100,000 toward the Trinity College of
North Carolina, a famous Methodist the
ological Institution.
It was reported to the conference that
the members of the church in Berkeley
were moving to establish themselves on
an independent footing. To that end Bish
op Duncan In tils appointments announced
that a supply would be furnished. Rev.
J. C. Wooton was reappolnted to the Oak
land church. Rev. E. H. McWhorter will
serve at Alamcda. Rev. C. B. Riddick.
one of the leading divines of the Pacific
Coast, was reappolnted for the third time
as presiding elder of the San Francisco
district.
Methodist/ Episcopal Church South An
nounces Full List of Appointments.
OAKLAND AGAIN CHOSEN
AS CITY OF CONFERENCE
FIRST VOTERS SWINGING
INTO LINE FOR MCKINLEY
Proposed Demonstration To-Night at Metropolitan
Temple — Citizens' Republican Party Is
Recognized.
On Saturday Judge Cook took occasion
to ny that Dr. Clinton's statements re
garding her condition were "colored by
j>rejud!ce" and he suggested that Dr. A.
W. Ptrry. in whom he had tne utmost
confidence, should be asked to examine
21rs. Craven and report as to her condi
tion.
Yesterday morning: when court con
vened Dr. Porry was called to the stand.
He was questioned by Attorney Riordau
ard answered that he ha<l Ken Mr*. Cra
ven three times recently, He saw her
Friday evening, but did not make any
examination, but Saturday evening he dH
so. He found that she was puffr-nrg from
hysterical paralysis and nervous prostra
tion. He did not thlr.k that coming into
court to-<lay or to-morrow or ev<»n with
in a week would er.danger her life. She
should have "rest" treatment for six
weeks and also treatment for wie stop
pas* of the hemorrhages from, which she
was suffering. There could be no possible
results under pIx weeks.
"Might not the, bringing her Into court,"
r>r. C. A. Clinton, who Is attending Mrs
Nettle R. Craven, threatens to pull some
body's nose owlnff to the reflections cast
upon htm in regard to tho lady's condi
t Ion and yesterday morning in Judge Car
roll Cook-s court It looked for a moment
as If something; in that way was.eoin«»
to harp^n.
DR. CLINTON IS ACHING
TO PULL SOME ONE'S NOSE
Physician Dislikes Statement of Judge Cook
That His Evidence Was Colored.
asked Rlordan, "increase the hemor
rhages in her present condition?"
"Not of Itself." replied the doctor, "but
it would be helped by the excitement."
"Would bringing her into court simply
to ask her to plead Rul'ty or not guilty
milan^er her life?" asked Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Deuprey.
"I repeat," replied the doctor, "that If
brought into court to-day, to-morrow or
within a week her life would not be en
dangered. She would suffer If brought
int<"> court say every day for three weeks."
At Attorney Riordan's suggestion the
Judge continued the case for three weeks
from laft Saturday.
"Are the physicians who are attending
her trying to stop these hemorrhages?"
asked tho Judge.
l>r. Clinton was in tho courtroom and
he waik<?d toward tho bench, lie r-eemed
to be laboring undor suppressed oxeite
inpnt. '"I am taking every care of my pa
tient," he paid to the Judge, "and every
thing that professional skill or science
can do is? hpfr.gr done to stop the hemor
rhncr^s and bring: her back to health."
That ended the matter, but when Dr.
Clinton got outside the courtroom he re
marked to Attorney Riordan that he
would pull somebody's nose if that sort
of thing- was kept up much longer. Attor
ney Klordan says that he will decline to
call any more physicians as experts as
to Mrs. Craven's condition, as he has had
eleven already.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCtOBBE 9, I90O.
Annual Tax Statement Filed.
The annual tax statement was filed by
Auditor Wells with the State Controller
yesterday. The figures are as follows:
Value of personal property taxed
and amount of money tiji «lfi vkj nn
Total value of the taxable prop-
TctJ^nount' taxed 'for State 'p^'rl 416 ' 146 ' 554 °°
Total amount^ taxed fo' r ' 'county' purl 200 ' 042 - 53X 83
S5I!LSS5SrSs*? "*"£*?- Smjjf oo
< preelections by the Assessor.... 35 j 55 37
value of personal property, a-id *«.'•»*<
amount of money on which taxes
have bern collected by the As
sessor A| A ... «M --
Amount of the tax for' B^Ve'puf: ' °°
poses collected by the Arweseor,
computed at rates for the present
Amount of'tax Vor'county'purpos'es 1H>9 ' 4 a
collected by the Assessor, com
puted at rates for present year... 8S4 eel *i
Total tax collected by Assessor ' ra "
computed at rates for the pres
ent year •.... K4 . ... „
Undercollectlons by the AsseVsor" 330 «| so
Value of real estate and Improve- ' su
ments **3^ r Tfi 4 r
Value of personal property "and ••»»«*
amount of money after deduct
ing value upon which collections
were made by Assessor 870 484 ssa nn
Tctal value of taxed property after w '"*' 8S0 °°
deducting value upon which col
lections were made by the As-
sessor 376 013 E2S on
Actual amount of tax for State
purposes collected by the A«
eessor, computed at rates for the
previous year, Including commis
sions 205.123 89
Actual amount of tax for county
purposes collected by the As
n*ssor, computed at rates for pre
vious year, Including commission. 851,212 49
Actual amount of tax collected by
Assessor, computed at rates for '
previous year. Including com
mission ESS.342 2)
Total charged to Tax Collector.... 600,110.232 23
Buckingham & Hecht's Employes
Quit Work When Union Laster
Is Discharged.
The employes of Buckingham & Hecht'a
shoe factory at Twenty-sixth and Valen
cia streets have walked out and the ma
chinery was Idle yesterday. There were
over 300 hands at work last week, union
and non-union, the shop being known as
"open." According to the statements of
Buckingham & Hecht and also of the
employes, the discharge of a man em
ployed as a laster was the cause that led
to the walkout.
Buckingham & Hecht issued a state
ment yesterday in which It was set forth
that "one of the men, a laster, who was
chronically Irregular In his hours of com
ing to work, was spoken to and warned
by the foreman of the department a num
ber of times and was requested to be more
prompt and regular in coming to work.
He paid no attention to the Instructions,
and in consequence was discharged last
Saturday afternoon at about 1:30 o'clock.
Very shortly thereafter all the men in the
bottoming and treeing departments left
the shop. This morning all hands re
mained out."
Last evening a representative of the
shoemakers made the following statement
at Pythian Castle, where a meeting was
held, at which nearly ail the employes of
Buckingham & Hecht were present:
"The welters have been getting 18 cents
per dozen. They used to dip two pairs
at once. The firm told them that they
must take an "oil can, and squirt water
Into the groove. They said that they
wanted a boy to do the work, as Cahn,
Nlckel?burg & Co. employ a boy for that
service, but this was refused. The welters,
numbering two, quit work, nnd that tied
up the lasters. After that one laster and
one welrer. were sent as a committee to
adjust the differences If possible. The
laster, who works by the pi^ce, lost half
an hour while acting on the committee
and the concern 'sacked' him. i He Is a
good man, and Industrious. After
he was gone the entire shop walked out.
If the union would stand to see tho laster
dropped under sveh circumstances It could
not last. We think that the concern was
afraid that the committee was trjing to
unionize the shop, which has been an
open shop, and made an excuse to get rid
of the laater." . •
A committee of employes will wait upon
Buckingham & Hecht to-day to get an
answer to resolutions adopted yesterday
In which the reinstatement of Fred
Masonbelder and a return to the old
method of work Is demanded, the alterna
tive to the last proposition being that
the firm shall pay the wages of a boy to
assist the welters. The employes, have
appointed Henry Gallagher as their busi
ness agent.
SHOEMAKERS WALK OUT
AND FACTORY CLOSES
Fire destroyed three flimsy frame build
ings of two stories each In Ohio place yes
terday forenoon. Ohio place Is a narrow
lane running from Pacific street to Broad
way, between Montgomery and Sansome.
The buildings were occupied as a board
ing-house and a stable. They were owned
by Giovanni Tajrlieri. Two were occupied
by E. Varsi as a boardinir-house and
the other by August FugonI as a stable.
A second alarm was turned In by Fire
Chief Sullivan and the fire was confined
to the three buildings named. The loss
will reach about $2003, most of which Is
covered by Insurance.
The owners of the South San Francisco
Packing House, which was gutted by fire
at 2 o'clock Sunday morning, estimate
their loss will reach $40,000. Fireman John
I ord of engine company No. 11 fell aown
an elevator fhaft during the progress of
the blaze and broke three ribs.
Three Ribs.
TWO BLAZES THAT WZBE
KEPT FROM SPREADING
Fireman John Ford Fell Down an
Elevator Shaft and Broke
The Auditor's suggestion that Gordon
be appointed an inspector to serve after
regular office hours and be paid therefor
was not well received by 'his Honor, who
quoted the charter as not permitting such
a course, though he apparently failed to
realize the equally binding provision of
the charter which does not permit of aal
arles being Increased. ,
Reed said th«e were really no addi
tional clerks to be appointed, but the
scheme simply contemplated an Increase
of salaries.'.-
Supervisor Brandenstein also opposed
the resolution and called attention to the
defects of the charter in the following lan
guage:
"We have no right, however Inadequate
the. charter may be, to override, its ex
press provisions. It is a regrettable cir
cumstance that the charter is deficient,
but we must accommodate ourselves to
it notwithstanding its shortcomings."
The Mayor, who did not appear pleased
at this confession, quoted the charter to
prove his right to recommend additional
clerks, but SuperviHor McCarthy called
attention to the fact that this power was
subject to the limitations of the charter,
which fixed the salary of, a Registrar's
clerk at $100 per month.
Reed opposed ,the resolution on the
ground that the payment of high salaries
to public officials was the cause of so lit
tle money being devoted to public Im
provements and because there is no rea
son to appropriate funds not provided for
in the budget. •
9
If you like good music attend first vot-
ers' meeting at Metropolitan Temple to-
night.
ALL DAY SUNDAY
Would Agree "With Her.
She Thought About a Food That
An unnatural appetite for rich and im-
proper food is kept aiivc by the
use of such foods, whereas a change to
healthful, nourishing and scientifically
made food will correct the unnatural ap-
petite. A little woman up at Peekskill
N. Y., Margaret Smith, P. O. Box iq.v
sa y6 :
"I was 6uch a sufferer from dyspepsia
that life was a burden. I could hardly
keep from eating all sorts of pastry,
cakes and other rich foods, although
they did not agree with me, nor, in fact,
did any sort of food. I became low-
spirited and discouraged, was too weak
to work and very seriously troubled with
palpitation of the heart.
"Drugs seemed to make me worse
rather than better. A friend oid one
day: 'I believe Grape-Nuts food would
cure you,' explaining that that food was
made with great care and intended for
the prevention" and relief of diseases that
were brought about by improper food..
"That was Saturday night, and all day
Sunday I kept thinking about Grape-
Nuts, and the first thing Monday morn-
ing I sent for a package. I had it^jn my
mind that the food would look like nuts,
and was disappointed when I found it
had to be eaten with a spoon. However.
I followed the directions and made a
meal of Grape-Nuts and milk, which I
found to be delicious, and for the first
time in months I suffered no distress
after eating.
"I at once began to feel hopeful that I
might be cured at last. Since that day I
have used Graiy-Xuts constantly, morn-
ing and night, and have steadily im-
proved in health, until now I am as well
as I ever was in my life: vveijrh 10
pounds more than I did a year aero, have
no palpitation of the heart and can work
all d2y long.
"At supper I have Grape-Nuts mixed
with soft,- boiled earsrs. I make mv din-
ner on any kind of food^ I desire. One of
the best things about this cure by oroper
food is that I no longer have any de-
sise for the rich, indigestible rubbish of
vhich I used to be so fond."
GBAPE-lTCrTS.
Congressman Kahn speaks at the first
voters? meeting to-nighi at Metropolitan
Tempi*. ;.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th# Ean Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third itreets. open
until „ o'clock every night !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner day; open until *:S0 p. m.
300 Hayes* street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS<» McAllister street: open until 8:30 p. m.
('.' Lorkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IS-41 Mission strwt; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth; ©pen
Until $ i>. in.
106 Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
10S6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*; orx-n until 9 p. m.
M_KTI\G >OTIC_S.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. m
will DIM THIS iTl'ESDAY) EVEN- -_r\.
ING. October S). at T o'clock. M. M. TC_3T
Degree. By order of the H. P. '
FRANKLIN* H. DAY, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. •
M — Fir*t derrees THIS (TUESDAY) -JV.
EVENING, at 7:50 o'clock. All Master J^Jt
Masons cordially invited. '
A. S. HT'UBARD. Secr-tary.
WALHAI.I.A nr.camoment No. 7. I. O. ry >»
O. F— Tho officer <¦ tr.d the funeral yf
oomn;jTT*"*- of tli* 1 above nain^d **ncamp- j
merit are hpreby notifl»*d to assemble -^ ;
at did Fellow- 1 Kail, corner Market and j
Sevpnth st* , on TUESDAY. Oct. ?. at 1:3) |
o'clock, far the purpo^f of attending the !
funeral nt our late brother and patriarch. '
CHAHLEH MKTZLER. By order of the !
Ch. P. CHAS. QUAST. Financial Scribe. j
IVAXHOK I^dge No. 5. K. of P.- ;«r >
The officers and member? of the ,. J*j*» I
above named In.1g-e are hereby notl-^^&«
fled to attend the funeral of our late *-_*"ijr*
brother. XORSIS STERXBHRG, THIS DAY
(Tuesday), from I2UA O'Farrell it., at 2
o'clock p. rn. eharp.
O. NOnCROSS. K. of R. and 3.
MAPTEK Marlr.ers' Be-nevolent Asso- — __^
elation — Special meeting will be held . *g r^»
at hall. _• Post Rt.. WEDNESDAY. A^_*
October 10. at 12 m. All members
are requested to be present for the purpoe?
brother. WILLIAM FREDERICK MUNDEK.
By order of the president.
I* TRAUNO, Recording: Secretary.
•STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— N otic- la hereby
ajiven that th* annual meeting of th^ stock-
holders cf THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA
wlU be held at the banking house In this city
on TUESDAY. October ». ISOO. at 11 o'clock
_ m. By order of the Board cf Directors.
ALLEN* M. CLAY. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
TO kandlT'r^Inson's^TherinXr Bath" CablnetT
Pacific Agenti Supply Co.. 34C1 Eighteenth ft.
_OEXTS of ability and experience In life Insur-
ance. Call at room 101. 9S7 Market, cor Sixth.
ASPUALTUJl UOOFIXG. J
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks ; cellar {
floors laid, repaired; postal. HS6 Mission st. ;
ASTROLOGY.
ERNEST S. GREEX p<->sitlvely proves the stars '
rul« your fate. 1804 Market St.. second floor. :
MME. HICKET— Astrologist; horoscopes. 50c; j
card reaJlr.g and palmistry. 25c. 1S>33 Mission.
_R. C. T. TAYLOR, ncientlflc astrologer, com- |
putes horoscopes by Ptolemy method. 765 Mkt. !
> j— -"-"¦ '~ i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. XT. KING, attorney at law, 9!T Market St.. !
room €27: estates, datnagres, attachments, '.
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
DO aflvance charge*; money loaned en estates. ;
At>VICE free; divorce law a specialty: private; 1
no fe* without success: collections. G. \V. |
HOWE, atty at law. fc50 Market, cor. Stockton. :
FREE advice; divorce laws, damage!;, estates. I
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE tree; no charge unless successful. W. j
XV. Davidson. J?T Market st.. opp. Mason.
_. S. CLARK. Emma Sprt.-kels b!dp.. 9H Mar- \
ket n.: conFuitatlon free: t^o f<*>« in advance, j
I
BATH CAEIXETS.
ROBINSON $;. 4-panel '.oldir.gr; door opens: firm j
and rufp. W. S. BROWN, pen, agt.. 426 Ellis. :
BOARDIVG FOB. CHILDHEX.
WIDOW would like two chiHran to board; fur- j
nlshed room fur parent. 2«S> (hlpley st. |
GERMAN* lady wishes infant babies to board; <
gocd refFrf-nces. 43J Minna Ft.
LADY with cwn home would Uke 1 or 2 email '.
children :o brard; good care. 221S Sixteenth. ]
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— PARTY wanted Jn manufacturing buflr.es*; i
r>aler.te<1 article; to be used in every house- :
hold; large profit? and immense sales lr. sight: ¦
a rare nusincsts imposition. Particular* R.
G. WILKE, 2£'i Kearny Bt. •
A— $4i0; RF.STAl'RANT and oyster house; ¦
close to Hall at Justice; daily receipts $.10; ;
owner rau?t fell or take pood partner; cause j
sickness. S'o It. G. WILKE, 26> s Kearny it. j
A-ISOO; "bTTCHER shop, with hen-se and cart, ;
in beft location of \V -stern Addition; place •
established for yenr* enti doing: a first-class |
business'; a sptendid <*ijan*"e tor $xnv niiin. ;
Call R. G. WILKK, 26'* Ivearny ct. !
A— $400; BUTCHER shop on Valencia St.; |
monthly receipts about $'100; selling 4 cattle !
per week: low r*-m;.frood business. Call R. ¦
G. WILKK, 26 l a Kearny rt. j
A— $3f)0i STATIONERY, nation* and branch
bakery: 5 living rooms; cheap rent and a '
good-j'aj'Ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. i
i6^» Kearny st. - '
A— JSSO; RESTAURANT, i blocks north of
Chronicle building; first-class prices; rent
S3S; owner wishes to sell on account of other '•
business engagements. Call It. G. WILKE,
2C^j Kearny et. j
>^_jl4<Xi; SALOON established ma^y years;
__f a Mock north of Mason arid Market;
rent $73; a first-class, paying place; partners
can't apree cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE,
JC^i Kearny st.
A— 11100; CORNER grocery and bar: choicest
location In the Mission; rent $35; 4 living :
rooms; place established years; owner, a
widow, wants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE, |
26^ Kearny st.
Ar-RESTAURAXT In b«"»t part of city; must
be eold this day. COWING. 719 Market st.
A— HOTEL; best location; money maker; call
at once. COWING & CO.. 71» Markft Ft.
A — CORNER saloon; eood location; this Is a
bargain. <X>WING & CO.. T1S Market st.
A— ROOMING-HOl'PE; north Market; fine lo-
cation; clears JT5 month. COWING _ CO..
71S Market st.
A GENERAL merchandise store tn prosperous
town across the hay; leadlnjr concern th»re;
must sell at sacrifice. KELLY. 131 Montg'y.
A— *350; DELICACIES, lunch; r^cei pts $25 : trial.
$400— Corner Paljon; 3 fur. rooms; no rent.
$700 — Cor. olsar Ftore; downtown; bargain.
SSUy— If hous^kpK. rms. : clearing $J0; Turk ft.
S1000— <"ountry saloon; Al offer.
$H"0 — Saloon: .". fur. ra».; rt-celnus 120; trial.
J1I00— l>ay wiloon. wholesale diFt.. nr. Market.
$2000 — Cor. saloon, north Market: grand offer.
!o0<)0— Gen. merch. rvrrf. prosperous town.
Apply KELLY, 131 Montgomery »t-. room 1.
A— EAy7~FISHER & CO.. have you lodging-
hounfs? Y«-s. What price? JSOO up. any loca-
tion desired; II rooms. $3*); 10 room*. $450: JO
rooms, new. $:«i0. fine; 20 rooms, bargain. $750.
27 rooms. S^XX!. snap: all sizes, all prices, all
new bargains: call and see cs. 1032 Market st.
tyX>_RESTAl"RANT. delicacy and bakery:
central : doin*: fine buxinesi*. BASILE. t Eddy.
A FINE Iarce store to let on O'Farrell St.. near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent.
Apply «*• 15 Grant ave.
$1000 INVESTED in legitimate business pays
GO per cent yearly: no scheme; Investigate.
Box 2S3. Call office.
RESTAURANT and chop house; pood location;
low rent. €17 Natoma st., b*t. S and 10 a, m. ;
no asents^
X SNAP — «."offee and chop house; rheumatism
compels ea> at once. 223 Eighth «t.
POR rale— A good corner grocery and bar; llr-
ing rooms. Inquire 13S3 Folsom st.
6AIX>ON for sale; opposite the terry. Apply
111 East rt., north of Market; no agent*.
FOR SALE— Klondike Oyeter House; money-
maker: causa sickness. Ii6 Third «t-
PARTNER with J«0OO in fine merchant tailoring
burinesjs; no cutter needed. Box 2231, CalL
TO let— Butcher ehop complete; established for
12 years: apply WA Howard St.. cor. Four-
teenth. MRS. DUMAS.
FINELY equipped lm«!nts» collect, located In
Stockton. Cal., for Baie or rent. Wrltt to
C. E. DOAN. Stockton. Cal.
A BARGAIN : corner Kroo^ry. with bar; cash
busineM: Mission district: no agents; terms
cash; lnv»«tlpatlon invlt*-d. Box ilSi, Call.
FOR sale— Philadelphia Oyster House; go Ser-
etith ft., opp. new postefflce building; eellinc
business on account of sickness.
PLUMBING thop. Hock, rhop tools, horse and
wagon for sale; In good location. Address
box 440L Call offlce.
JiAICERT — 1101 Howard st.; store and 2 rooms;
'bake over., with large basement; rent cheap.
VALUABLE Canadian patent of Interest to
t oundrymen. Box _<1. Call.
CLAF.-IFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch orflc<», 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlremenw and
subscription! has been established at 10s6
Valencia st. -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*. The Weekly Call,
JC p«f e a, in wrapper, for mailing. {I per year.
LODCI.\G-UOi:?ES FOR. SALE. .
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy St.— 44 rooms, rent
$123. good Investment: CO rooms, south of Mar-
ket, a mint: 15 rooms, on G. G. ave.. good,
price J575; 9 rooms on Jones, only $250; $3S00
will buy tfce best downtown 65-room house In
the city. Don't fall to see us. Phone Mint 1016.
R H WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
TELEPHONE MINT 1591
27 rooms $850 83 rooms .....$3300
30 rooms _50 CO rooms....: 2000
50 rooms.. 3400 100 rooms : 6500
LODGING-HOCSE buyers attention— Houses at
reduced prices: genuine bargains: slses and
location to suit; money lotoed. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO., 917 Market et., bet. Fifth and
Sixth: tihone 1911.
A— 22-ROOM rooming- house: central $1000
20- room house; fir-t-clara 10^0
11-roora house; $475; 0-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN
7J9 Market Ft., room 1; tel. Black 1KC3; see my
! list of 75 houses In ether papers to-day.
A— 30-ROOM hotel; modern; large lot; 2 stores;
always full; on main business street In Ala-
' meda: $7500: very easy terms. Apply A. M.
SPECK & CO.. CC7 Market st.
NINE rooms: nicely furnished; opposite Pan-
handle of Park; room renting clears rent;
price 5600. Address box 22S2. Call office^
FOR SAL?:-JV 10-room lodglne-house for $125.
12T.1'.! Mission st. ¦¦
MODERN 6- room flat for sale; rent low.
Ai>ply 1D29 Howard st.
NICELY furnished 15-roorn house: cheap rent;
easy terms, or cheap for cash. 742 O'Farrell.
5125 BUYS lo'lcing-hcu-e. 10 room*, all rented; j
rent $„ 60. Ircludlr.r water. 1QS Second ft. |
WANTED — Small roomlns house; must be
cheap and In good looatlon. Box 22SO. Call.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS. !
FOR SALE— 1 piano-box buggy, strongly built; S
also road cart and set of buggy harness; all
partly new. Apply 404 Third st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN &. SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, sinele. also light j
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission, j
NEW" _ 2d-band wagons, buggies, carts & har- I
ness, work _ driving horses. 15th & Valencia, j
SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Far'nham. world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life, }
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa- |
rated: mining a specialty; cirs.Sun..Wed..Fri. j
ev>: coir.e and be convinced. (Permanently) 1
"¦13 EMy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign. |
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nieht. 605 McAllister; 10c; test meeting to-
morrow night at Neptune Wigwam. Webster j
st. station. Alameda; 10c.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night, 8 p. m.; con- j
vinring test. 12^ Howard; Mrs. Maxwell; ]
readings daily. ; j
MRP. STODDARD, convincing spirit messages, ]
10e; Tues. and Thurs., 8 p. m. 27S Ninth et., |
sittings dally.
MRS. HAP.LAND'S circle to-night : reeled let-
ters read; 10c: sittings EOc. tl. 14S Sisth bt.
MR?. LKSTi:R-Circ:es Pun.. Tues., tVI. eve., ;
10c; readings daily. 200 Turk St., room 4. j
M VTCHETT— Circle 8 p. m.. 10c; test to all; |
sittings daily; L. oCr; G. $1. 132 Fourth st.
MME. MAJORS, cifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 152 Sixth St.. room 1.
SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, removed ;
to 1<51O California st. j
ATTEND Mrs. Durham's circle of truth; 2. 8 j
p. m. 14 McAllister St., rm. 35; admission 10c. J
MIPS SOPHIA SEIP— Sun. at 8 and dally read- !
ings. 6th _ Mkt. sts.. Oakland. People's HalL !
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. j
Merer, sli.dally; convlnc'g tests to-night; 10c. i
MRS. J. J. WHITNET. clairvoyant, test, busl- j
ness irMlum. life reader; sittings SI. 1104 Mkt. 1
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card i
reader, born with double veil _ second sight, j
•liatnoseg disease with life reading; ladles
50c. gent II: palm & clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk. |
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market.opp.
6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to » p. m.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently: advice
given In all affairs In life: satisfaction guar-
anteed: _<: up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
_RS~E. SANDERS. 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m.: Frl. 8; clr. 25c. j
JCST returned. MRP. E. L. DAVIS, clalrvoy- j
ant. card reader: mental questions answered; [
laJles. 25c; ger.t-, 5Cc. 34 Sixth st.. room 6. j
MME. A. CKRVAXTES, the celebrated Spanish j
fortune teller, gives b«>£t advice In difficult I
matters. IS Fulton St.. near Larkln. ¦- J
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa- j
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spokeii. J
CLAIRVOYANT, trance. buslnfB* medium, card 1
j reader. 2. r .o up. ¥23 Ml-sion ft., nr. 4th: no sign. 1
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
' m«*<llum. 425 Golden Gate ave. -
•¦ CLAIRVOYANT, mineral p«ychom«-tri-t. palm- j
I 1st and card reading. 25c. 1241>i Market St. i
; MME. WORELL. late from Washington: trance i
! m<HJium: private sittings, $1. 821 Mission St.
i MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
I let and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
i MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
! palmistry; truth or no pay; _c. 1143 Mission, i
' MME. HANSON, r-alml-try. card -reader; past.
1 ;ire."=er.t. futvre, 25c. 14S Sixth st.. room 14.
' MME. FCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
! Flttlris dally. «2',& Sixth st.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
j advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
j CARPET DEATISG AND CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor* work
I -end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carp»t-Beat-
! Ins Works. 353-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c. j
j STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. ;
i J. E. MITCHELL Car^t-Beating an<l Reno-
! vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tei. M'sslon 74. |
I CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 25a
; ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
• tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
i CONKLIN'S Carpet-Bratir.g Works. 333 Golden
I Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
i -
I CHIROPODISTS.
' BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
' painless: cinsult'n fre». Dr.I)urran.41S Sutter.
I " COLLECTION OFFICES.
! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No onare* un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 vfarket ft.
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar"-
I ket St., cor. 4th.. rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $i 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT orfzes. for best crowns, plates. . bridges
and filling*: extraction? or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience-: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; . lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et.
A NEW plate,- the unbreakable' Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work teeth without a plate; — fillings, ,60c.
crowns. {2 f>0: plates, full set. $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 54 Flxth.st- • . ¦ ' .
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors. 101J
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh. Consult
¦ us on crowns and bridges. Teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain. -
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 50;
bride* work. $5; all the latest methods. for
painless dentistry: hours, 9 a. m. to $ p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 120$ Market, cor. G. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. 50c: gas -Riven.
DR. WALSH. 811% Geary, nr. L-rkln— Painless
extraction 50o: plates $3 up; Tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST price* In S. F. ; painless extraction.
COc. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full »et of «eeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. ZSc
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evening- and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. - •
6ET of teeth without plate. DR. 57 G/
TOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
A WEEK'S new* for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog HospitalT'Pcst. Fillmor-—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. Wet tZS.
DR. Creely'B C P. mange eure and worm pills,
by drujxlsti or at hospital ,510 Golden Oatt »v.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, overO'Connor— Moffatt.
McDowell Dressmaking «_d Millinery School;
private class: patterns cut. . 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
llnery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market »t.; day
and evening; individual . instruction, $S per
month; life scholarsnip, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
and Is the best In S. F. : catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallaeher. expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught: prac- I
tlcal bookkeeping; full course $30; catalogue, j
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.. i
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. : day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school / for . the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford crofessor. Phelan building.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 305 Larkln
st., cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week, $3 a
month; al-o private. PROF. V. M.VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; S
mo*. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
$25 TARR, expert accnt., 220 Parrott bldg. 1
MISS M. C. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
lessons by mall: acknowledged by official re-
porters best tfacher. best system. SOI Montgy.
ALL student- but two taking full course this
year got poMtlonx. RAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 12S6 Market st.
ENGINEERING.clvil. dec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, array, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: -st.lS64.
VAN DAR NAILT.EN SCHOOL. S33 Market.
MUN9ON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio:
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
FRENCH. Spanish.etc. Prof. DeFilippe'sAcademy
of Language-.320Post; establd lS71;ablest prof- j
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us. 305 Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
BMPLOV3I1SXT OFFICESj
A^JATAXESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 year 5; all kinds help.
421 Post st.. near Powell; Telephone Hush 135.
FRED WAMATS. Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp. nfflce. £41 California: tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chlne-e employment of-
fice: all kinds h«*p. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.-Walter*. cooks,
dlshwa-hers: est. 1S90. 1026 Oak: tel. Page 547.
UNION Japan?se-Chlne-r emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offle<?-Japane«e. Chi-
nete help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Kmployment Offlce:
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806^. Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce-
Best help. 411H O'Farrell -St.: tel. Ea«t 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German nurse girl wants
position: good ref. MISS CULLEN, 225 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS cook desires a situation Jn a
restaurant or boarding-house. Address I. C,
822 Howard st.
AN experienced North-German woman wishes
a. place as cook in hotel or boarding-house;
city or country: no dishwashing: 172? Bryant.
A COMPETENT dressmaker: good fitter and
cutter; dre-s-es remodeled; quick worker. 4441
Twentieth st., near Eureka.
A GERMAN woman raised In America, wishes
a situation to do housework; is a good cook;
wajjps $10 to $12. Call at 609 Howard st.
LADY wishes care of one or two children. Ad- 1
dress box 470a. Call offlce. |
A THOROUGHLY exp-rienced lady would like j
a position as a child's nurse. Call at 1024 |
Howard st., room 2.
FIRST-CLASS French and German cook desires
steady place In quiet private family: no wash;
city or Oakland. Call 1105 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady as housekeeper or few
hours a day; sleep home or out; no incum-
brance. 420*4 Clementina et.
YOUNG woman desires a position as working
housekeeper; city or country- Box 4723, Call.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
fitting, latest styles: costumes remodeled. $1 25
per day In families. Address MODISTE, box
4725. Call office.
WANTED — By an elderly woman, a position In
a small family to do light housework; Is a
sober, reliable woman. _5 Minna st.
COMPETENT woman wants position in private
family to do chamber work or chamber work
and waiting, or. plain washing; wages $30.
Box 47^4. Call office. /'
A COMPETENT person wants a place a» cook:
willing to assist; wages $25 to $30. Apply 103
Van Ness ave.
AN AMERICAN woman wishes a situation to
do general housework of any kind, and will
do a little washing; wages $1 and carfare.
7R Third st. t room 10.
A GOOD family cook, willing to do some house-
work. Call at 2 Seventh st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; cooking or
general housework; sleep home. Apply 35
Stanford st.
A COMPETENT and trustworthy woman
wishes a situation to do general housework;
no postals. Apply 311 Minna st.
COMPETENT person wishes position to do
cooking and downstairs work; willing to go
In country. Call 220 Grove st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes position to do
housevork In small family or would take i
care of an Invalid or keep house for wlij-
ower with children: best of references. Call
or address MRS. M. CRAIG. 2138 Union st.
SWEDISH girl desires position to do general
housework. Address or apply 15 Freelon St.,
near Third.
WANTED— By two German girls/ housework;
would • like to be together. Address A.
HEINKCKK. box 4712." Call office.
WOMAN wants washing and cleaning by the
day. 211 Fourth St.. between 9 and 3.
SMART girl, willing to learn to be a medium:
willing to travel with a professional man.
Box 4706. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 BO night. $1 EO to Jfi
week: convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
sub-criptlona has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
BHPLOYMRNT WANTED — MALE.
COOK wants work; a rood, careful cook, or
would go as second cook. T. SMITH, 318
Minna st.
RELIABLE man, 54 years, wishes to attend to
invalid centieman or any light work;, wages
no' object; best references. Address 81 Na-
toma St., room 21.
GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper wishes
position: flr-t-claes references. Address W,
BOHL1NG. 417 Kearny st.
COMPETENT chef . desires steady position Jn
restaurant or lunch house. Call or address
GEO. WENSE. 115 Eighth st., city.
WELL qualified business man wants situation
as a boss of the concern; no references given.
Address box 4727. Call office.
BUTCHER, best of references, desires good
situation. Butcher. 503 Mason st.
SINGLE man. sober and industrious, with good
knowledge of stock raising and'general farm-
Ing, also the care of deciduous and citrus fruit
tre-*. wants 10 take chargp of grazing or
small fruit ranch; good references. Address
L.. C. 415 Powell St.
QUARTZ ¦" miner, good tlmberman and tool
dresser wants work; references given; will
go anywhere If wages satisfactory. Box 3791,
Call office. - ., -
COACHMAN who Is thorough horseman, good
driver, sober and reliable, wants situation;
. can milk or care for small garden If re-
quired : good references. , Box 4703. Call office.
COACHMAN wants employment; good refer-
ences; thoroughly competent. Address box
J785. Call Office.
YOUNG man would like position Bt mine: un-
derstands gold, silver, copper and lead assay-
Ing. ( W_ B. DAVIS. 2508 Larkln st.
OPEN for employment: engineer and washer.
Address C. H.. 3121 Sixteenth st.
A PROTOGRAPHER desires position' In a gal-
lery. HARVEY. Y. M. C. A.. San Francisco.
AN honest Japan »sn boy wishes - situation as
schoolboy. 230 Ellis st.
JAPANESE young boy who speaks English
wants to wait at table as - school boy. Ad-
dreBB K. 8. K.. 1329 Pine st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established, at 1094
Valencia -t. ¦ --, .-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmor*.
_ _ EXPBRT OPTICIANS- . .
BYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
KIJfANCIAl.. ' . 'L
INVEST your money In manufacturing; cafe,
profitable; $200 lowest amount accepted; com»
pany organizing; 6 % guarantd.^Box 2250. Call.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 604 Parrott building.
WANTED— $20,000 at 7 per cent of first 'mort*
gage. Box 2229. Call office..
FLATS TO LET. -
100 FLATS AND 'HOUSES TO RENT.
9 r. f., 1138 Ellis.. ..$60|5 r . f.."1711 Mason..$15
9 r. f.. 1515 Hyde.... 4714 r. f.. S04 Buchanan 8
7 r. f., 219 Polk 2715 r. c. 631 Jersey It
S r. f.. 641 Fulton. ..•..20i.4.r..f..-919_VallBjo... 10
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6S7 Mkt.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomwy.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements. 3442 Twentieth st.. corner Capp.
TO let— Flat of 4 large rooms, bath and laun-
dry: Mission Warm Belt. 347 Liberty st. . \
J1R— FLAT 4 rooms and bath; north of Market;
healthy p1t.ee; no children. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
ELEGANTLY furnished 9-room, middle corner
flat for sale; new carpets, new furniture, in
use 3 month3; and flat for rent. Box 4716. Call.
FELL, 111— Four nicely furnished rooms; tath;
sunny yard. ¦¦-'-"'¦ *
FrRMTUREFORVSALE.^
4 ROOMS furnished in cak for $4S 50. with No. 7
rang-. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WAXTISP. _
CH A sT " LEVY~buys~"your~f urniture, carpets,
planes, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie '761.
A. "WOLLPERT. 774 Mission st..- pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
i W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mlislon; tel.' R*d 3:'..13.
IIELI* ..AXTED-FE5IALE.
A COOK and second girl. Bakersfleld..$20 & $20
j Gorman nursery povemess $25
* Cook, small Amori<*an family..". $25
¦ Second Kirl, Fan Mateo $25
10 second slrls $20 and $25
Hotel waitress, San Rafael $20
Working housekeeper, country--- $ 2 "
Working housekeeper, city $13
[ MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
C. R. HANSKN & CO Phono Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
j 3 v.alti esses fo.- Arizona, free tran.ii>ort;il»on,
fee carty here 10 a. m. ; Wiltrttw, Nevada,
$2.'. free fare; waltrceW, Fresno. *25; 10 'other j
I and *2o. niany fares paid; 2. restaurant wait-
resses, $6: woman cook, few boarders, $25,
city: night cook, short orders. Ugh; work'.
$30 and found: saleslady, candy store, coun-
try. $S; chocolate dipper, same place
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
1 Housesirl. amall American family, on ranch,
I 'nfar city, $20. very choice place; German
second girl and seamstress, $20; housekeeper
for three men and two boys, see party here,
$20; housegirl. San Mateo. $20: 3 cooks. $30;
houseBirls, second girls, nursegirls
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.-
A— WOMAN for day's work. $1 a day and car
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— House^irls. iausallto. $25; Belve-
dere. $25; Oakland. $25; Hanford. $20; Vallejo.
$20; Palo Alto. $25; cook, $30; second girl, ¦ |20,
same place; German cook, $30; German sec-
ond girl. $25: Scandinavian housegirl, 2 in
I family. $30. Sonora: 3 hotel waitresses, south.
i $20. fare paid; laundress and chambermaid,
! $25; laundress, $25; pantry girl. $20; re-taurant
| waitrc-F. i." a week; hotel cook. $25, $30. $JJ;
180 hou.xKlrls. city and country. $20 and $25. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.'
WANTED— Lady's maid, seamstress and wait-
ress. $30. short distance; second girl, $25,
I same place. J." F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
| ter st. • " . ¦
I LAUNDRESS, $25; cook, *30; seamstress, $25,
I pee party Wednesday; chambermaid.- hotel.
I $20; cook boardlnc-house, $25; nnrse; Oakland,
$30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter gt.
GIRL wanted for ereneral housework. 3 in fam-
ily; wastes $20. 2613 Union st. . '
EXPERIENCED operators on underskirt-;
steam power; good pay. A. 1 Aaron, 579 Mission.
GIRL to assist with housework; good home.
3041 Baker St., near Lombard. ' .
WANTED— Finisher and apprentice on coats.
71S Turk si^
A— SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for gren-
eral housework. $25. Apply 233 Third ave.,
bet South California and Clement sts.; take
Geary or Sutter st. cars. ' " ¦¦ ' -
WANTED — Younc woman between 20 and 30
years of agre (German or Swiss preferred) for
jteneral hou-ework and cooking; references;
wage* $25. 1153 Octavia.
W ANTED— Girl for general housework; $15.
Call 2G13 Union st. • ••¦ ¦
50 OPERATORS on ladles' silk and flannel
waists. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409A Turk st.
PANTS finishers wanted; eteady work. 225
Fifth st. - • -- . ¦ -' -
LADY over 20 in physician's offlce, $10 month-
lj\ AoDly between "5 and 6 -this evening at
room 5, 3*0 Sutter st. ¦
WANTED— Girl for g-eneral housework. 344S
Twentieth St.. cor. Capp. -
COMPETENT woman for general housework
In small family. 3740 Twenty-fifth et., cor.
Fair Oaks. .
EXPERIENCED girl for general housework;
good wagp-. 313 Call building.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking- and also neat
seamstress. Room 129, Spring Valley bids.
FINISHERS on custom coats; eteady work. 304
Tohama «t.
WANTED— Young German srlrl for general
housework; small family; $20. 836H Harrison.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking. 206 Lily
avenue. •
WANTED— A good woman pastry cook at 467
McAllister st.
YOUNG woman for general housework and
cooking, small family: wages $15. 2047 Pine.
WANTED — Girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 83S O'Farrell at.
BUTTONHOLE makers wanted on shirts. Ap-
ply 3 Eddy st., rms 3 and 4, bet. 9 _ 10 a, m.
GIRL to assist In housework and plain cook-
Ing. 1E08 Larkin Bt.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and downstairs
work: wages $25. Apply between 9 and 12,
2200 Jackson jst. .
WANTED — An apprentice girl for dressmak-
ing; also sewer. 120*4 Hayes St.
GIRLS wanted as waitresses. 1432 Howard
St., restaurant. '..'..
WANTED — Finishers on custom • coats. 927
Market St., room 623. ."*¦;
WANTED— Strong clrl to assist with house-
work and children; $12. 392 Dolores sL .
EXPERIENCED aaleslady in ladle*' and chil-
dren's wear; good salary. MARKS BROS.,
106 Sixth st. • . _j •
GIRL, 15 to 15. light hou-ework: family, of S.
1514 Vallejo *t.. after 10 . a. m. ,
YOUNG girl wanted to assist In general house-
work. 1227 Geary st. ¦.:... " '
GIRL wanted to a-slst In general housework.
731 Green st.. near Mason. ' ¦ : ¦¦
YOUNG girl to assist in general, housework.
1320 Sutter st. - ,..-•• * ; *
WANTED-*-Flrst-class finishers on coats; also
experienced apprentice. 411V4 Kearny . st. 1 3 !
GIRL wanted for shooting gallery. E Call 403
Dupont »t. ....,..: ;.
WE want a few lady solicitors for the .Lo)-ta
Beauty Cream: salary and commission. 'The
. Bon Ton Beauty Parlors.-^ 324 Post st. : .
YOUNG girl as second girl for upstairs work.
15C2 Post st. • . - ¦' .-:•—: - ;
GIRL for light housework; good home; wages
$10 to $12 month. 13S Russ at. ¦ . ..
A GOOD tailoress on men's -' clothes: ; good
wages. S66 Fourth st. ; / - «- .- ',' ¦•
WOMAN wanted for light housework: no wash-
lng. 438 Clementina st. • - " '.'-. • ; : ,
APPRENTICES on overalls. • STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Goug-h and Grove at*.
REFINED Catholic housekeeper; must' under-
stand care of girl S years;' wages $12. 44
Mint ave. ¦ , » • :-• ¦ '
WANTED— Experienced finishers; also -girls to
sew buttons on shirts. EAQLESON _ CO.,
635 Market st. , .
PRACTICAL woman wanted; some business
exs>erlence: to travel for wholesale house.
Box ,4708. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS nkirtmakers- and apprentices
wanted. BOWHAY. . 516 Sutter «__, -
YOUNG girl for housework, no heavy work.
$20; references. c 720 Bay, st.. near Hyde.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss _ .Co.'s factory.
82H Fremont st. : no experience, necessary;
: good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS. . , . .
PAPER box factory, 10 experienced - girls.
WEMPE BROS., _7 Mission at. cor. Main.
, HELP WAirT—IJ FEMALE.
WANTED— Experienced necktie makers. EA-
GLESON _ CO.. 638 Market «t.'
OPERATORS on custom vesta; good pay;
steady work. 541 Market st. ¦
A-FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladles' tailoring;
none others need aoply. £24 Post st.
WANTED — A girl for light housework: plain
cooking; no washing or baking. 2S0S 24th st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call "advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia St. ¦
HELP WANTED- MALE.
A— MURRAY _ READY.... PHONE MAIN MIS
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE WE SHIP .EVEIIYBODY FREE
."..To all- parts of California. Utah. Nevada...
NUMBER, y WANTED AT. WAGES.
154— Xevada. Truckee. Lake View..^$41 and fd
IS— Los Angeles, Santa Barbara $2 day
24 — Redding. Shasta. Fresno ,...!1 90 day
US— Surfj -Soda Springs. Salt Lake ..*2 day
64— Dixon, Elmlra and Bakersfield...$l 70 day
lC3-Kor nineteen different divisions $2 day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
MURRAY & READY. .*
' ' -. 631-636 Clay st.
A— 4 CARPENTERS, near city, $3 day. bee
boss here
."* LUMBER-PlLERS-i'ARE PAID
10 men . to pile lumber, no experience neces-
sary, large mill and lumber company, ?33 anil
found, s«?e boss here fare paid
10 men. or strong boys to work In beans
$1 to $1 50 clay and found
6 teamsters, same bean ranch $1 50 day fd
Head dairyman $40 and found
8 laborers, no experience, Alameda Co
S27 50 to $34 and found
Carpenters R. R. work Free fare
Steel bridge men ..Free tare
Blacksmith helpers $2 day, $10 wee*
Boys' for machine and boiler shops
10 lumber pliers, north 4 $60
1J0 teamsters and laborers, city and country, |
..........$175 to $2 23 a day;
10 scraper teamsters $40 and found
43'farm, orchard -and- vlnnyard hands
126 and }30 and found
15 ¦milkers, •choremen, etc.-.J25 to $35 and fd
Farmers and wives Vegetable gardeners
14 ranch teamsters $26 to $3i and found
25 drillers V.'heelers Brick setters
Stablemen, hostlers and bufrssry-weshers
Stableman, .vineyard company.. J3o and found
FRUIT PICKEKS 100
men and boys to pick fruit and grapes, work
in packing-houses, etc.. ...$u0 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— SEE BOSS HERE
Band saw filer for Oregon
Farmer and wife for Oregon
Stenographer and typewriter, country
MURRAY & READY, 634-626 Clay st. j
A — MAN and wife or cook and dishwasher for ;
the mines, $70 and found, see boss here |
Second and third cooks, mine.. $40 and $35 fd
Camp cook, near city.. $40 and found
Cooks, city and country hotels, restaurants,
boarding-houses, etc $40 to $50 and found
Polishers, washers and Marchers. .$30, $35 fd
Baker, country shop, second hand, and boy
for bake shop; nurse, $35
Butchers ...• •. ¦
Walters, dishwashers, etc., ranch cooks.
- MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay. St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
. . RAILROAD WORK. •
Teamsters,- Wborers for State of N»vada.
for Surf. Santa Barbara County and different
divisions; regular waces.
Fee $1 Ship to-day Free fare
Three sandstone cutters, railroad work; free
fare; $3 £0 a day.
- 8 laborers to build a large dam. $2 50 a day
and half fare advanced; 6 swampers for the
woods," $35 and board and half fare advanced;
buggy washer, country stable, $45; 2 laborers
for a mine; $30 and found; farmer and wife,
$40.
'. HOTEL" DEPARTMENT
First and second cook, . eating house, Ari-
zona, see boss here, free (are, $53 and $50;
second cook and broiler, country hotel. $60
and $50; a number of cooks, $40 and $50; third
cook, mine boarding house; French bedmaker,
$30 and found; Italian dishwasher, Italian pot-
washer,. $30 each; a number of dishwashers,
$30 and $25; 2 head cooks, north. $100 to $125.
C R. HANSEN, & CO..- 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED * f
2 Germans or -Scandinavians to work In
winery; $30 and board. .W. D. EWER _ CO.,
610 Clay st.
A— WANTED
2 miners, 8 hours, $2 60 • a ' day; gardener,
country, $25 and found; milker, Sisklyou
County, $30;- shoemaker, country; wood-
chopper," stove wood, near city; 10 woodchop-
pers. 4-foo.t wood, Santa Cru_ County; 75c,
$1. $1 25 and $1 SO a cord, grub and tools ad-
vanced; 2 laborers for mine, $1 75 a day;
slaughterer, sheep and hogs, $35 and found.
W. D. ETV'EU & CO., 610 Clay St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
MECHANICS— All . non-union mechanics, such
as carpenters, painters, plumbers and other
craftsmen wanting work at their tra*den are
requested to register at the Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny st., room 'J; no
charges or offlce fees. .
M. — 40 carpenters. 1 millwright. 16 cabinet
makers, 1 foreman to superintend planing
mill, 24 bench hands, 4 stickers, I shaper, 2
wood turners, 3 sash and. door makers, at
MECHANICS' : REGISTRATION BUREAU.
410 Kearny St.; no office fees.
COMPETENT. stenographer for machine
works; must be willing, agreeable and
familiar -with this business. Address, stat-
ing: age. reference and salary expected. Box
4714. Call- office.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers, pants and vest
makers for Arizona: good prices paid and fare
advanced. • BAUMOARTEN & CO.." 7 Mont-
gomery st.
BUSHELMAN. presser and cleaner at the Cali-
fornia Clothing Renovatory, 116 Geary st.;
steady Job.
WANTED — Lacquerer. experienced hand; male
or female. Ap;ily superintendent THOMAS
DAY CO., 725 Mission Bt.
POLISHERS; experienced only. Western Plat-
Ing Company. 109 Fremont st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, . slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. £62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY. who understands stenography and office
work; give ase, wages desired. Box 4721. Call.
BOY, with some experience, to set type. Ap-
ply after 1 o'clock, 34 California st., 2nd floor.
GOOD cf-atmakers and bushelman. P. H. GAL-
LAGHER & CO.. 3 Flood building.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard _ Co.. that old
and reliable firm, 806 Market st., room 40
Phelan building. Pension vouchers executed,
25 cents. Advice free.
BOY to carry morning papers In Western Ad-
dltton. Address box 4720, Call office.
WAITER for lunch house, from 11 to 1 p. m.
115 Drumm st. .
YOUNG man to help in kitchen. 8 Golden
Gate ave.
BOY wanted to drive delivery cart for butcher
shop. Apply Dry Dock. Market i st., 100ft
Railroad ave., between Twelfth and Thir-
teenth ave. South.. , : -• .
YOUNG man to take care of 'horses and take
orders; reference. J. H.EGGERS, 1, 2 Grand
Western Market. 1312 Polk st.
WANTED— Tailor." ~ROOS BROS.. 25-37 Kear-
ny st. . . , ."
GOOD outside hustler: experienced In office and'
typewriting. . Address, giving experience, age,
references, salary. H. B.. box 4717. Call.
AN APPRENTICE for architect's offlce. Ap^
plications to be addressed to Box* 4719, Call
efflce.,- ../*, " . - .
TWO 'PAINTERS' wanted at 733 . Broadway.
GOOD barber; steady Job.- .725 Fourth St.. San
Rafael; Tel.. Red 15.
BARBER, 2-chalr shep. no onpfmitlon: four
living rooms ;' large yard; cheapest rent In
tbwn. Price $125. Address Box 471.%, Call.
SALESMAN who , thoroughly understands fur-
niture and carpet buslneM. ; Box 4713, Call.
BARBER shop for snle: no Sunday work: closes
at 6 p. m.- Corner Front and- Clay sts.
ERRAND boy for drug store; one with previous
experience. A. :H. SMITH. 130» Polk st.
WANTED-^-Dlshwasher at 238 Townsend St.
LUNCH waiter wanted. "S Jackson st.
BARBERSr-3-chalrshop for sale. 14 Turk St.;
WANTED— Four rubble stone masons at First
¦and E «ts.. San Rafael, Marln "County. E
SCHWIESAU. '
WANTED— Young handy wagon blacksmitn
helper to help In wagon shop. 318 McAllister.
WANTED— Steady ¦ man; light, genteel work;
. will pay. $15 to $1S per week; small capital re-
quired. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
BOOTBLACK In,- barber shop. 407 Bush st. •
"WANTED— A" tailor ; on > custom coats; steady
work. SMA; Minna st. , ¦--.
BARBERS— 4-chalr 15c shop for sale; best loca-
tlon In city : and best bargain ever offered
DECKELMANN. 106 Ellis St.
"WANTED — Young German about 18 or 20 years
-. of agg In grocery at corner Clay and Larkln.
WANTED— Man that understands nursery work
and Jobbing gardening. Call 500 Halfht at
BELP WAKTED-lIAIiG.
A MAN to buy out a route; good-paying busl-
new. MIS8 CULLEN, 325 Sutter »t.
MEN wanted for the United States Navy-
Machinists, first-class, age 21 to I). P»r Vf
month. $55; machinists, second class, age 31
to 35, pay per month. HO; electrician!", third
class, age 21 to 35. pay per month. $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), are 21 to io. pay P«r
month. $25; seamen. a«;e 21 to 33. pay P*l r
month. $14; ordinary seamen, age 18 to sv.
pay per month $19; landsmen, age 18 to zj.
pay per month $1«; apprentices, third claw,
age 15 to 17. pay per month $9. AH candi-
dates for enlistment must pass » physical ex-
amination showing them to-be free from dis-
qualifying ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination Jn electricity. ««P*£- j
tally on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen anu
aDorentlces will be required to pass tne
physical examination only. The term Of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
re-enllst within a period of four months rrom
the date of honorable discharge he win re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of SI 3« for eacn
re-enllstment. Rations, medicines and meatcai
attendance are furnished gratia In addition to
"Xt»y. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pa>
received at date of retirement. It is th» de-
! Mre of the Navy Department to obtain a
lara-f number of able-bodied Americans for
th* navy, who will be given every oppor-
nualtfiffWo* \h" C nlgher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
navy will make n large Increase In the en-
liM»«l force necessary, and this will cause a
<-orr*'«ponrilnir lane- InerwiM In the number
of p^tty officers, who will be advanced from
the low?" rstlnrs. Reorults who mav be ac-
cented vrlll be as*lsn«-d to » U- s - war Vf<9 '
l sel: apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion. San FVnncl*co. Cal. Applications should
be made at the IT. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dervoa*, corner of Market and East streets.
Pan Francisco. Cal.
WAITER wanted; must do porter work. S7
Eddv st.
BARBER shop. 3 chnlrs, centrally located, for
sale. Inr.uire 2 Sixth st.
EIGHT good painters at 410 Fifth St.
"WANTED— Barber to buy shop: running 2
chairs; 3 llvlns rooms; cheap rent 2144 Mls-
plon st. ¦
! WHITEWASHERS. brush and machine men;
j. correr Stockton and Bay sts. "W. WAIN-
' WRIGHT. I
I JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union No. 14S meets
TO-NIGHT. 102 O'Farrell St., 9 o'clock. L
LESS. Secretary." '
MAN that understands putting up French
ranges. Apply 837 Mission et.
WANTED- Dishwasher at 221 Grant ave.
WAITER wanted at 163 Third st.
WA NTED— Errand boy at 927 Market st., room
623.
WANTED— Oysterman; also waiter. 212 O"Far-
j rell at. !
WANTED-Cash boys; only those attending
night school need apply. S. N. WOOD & CO.,
"IS Market st.
WANTED — Immediately, competent horseshoer;
take floor or fire. Third and Sliver sts.
' BARBER, flrst-elass. would like steady place
J In San Francisco or Oakland. Address J. M.
j II... 914 Seventh St.. Oakland. '
FIRST-CLAPS coatmaker to work inside or
outside. 626 Montgomery gt.
WAKTED-A young Irishman to assist in a
saloon; reference. Box 4710. Call office. |
! BARBERS— Two-chair shop for sale. 200 Pow-
I ell st.
i ______________________________________
! SHOEMAKER and repairer wanted. 313 Ma-
< son st.
j WANTED— Good waiter at Healy's Restaurant,
! 1119 Market 8t., bet. Seventh and Eighth..
j TOUNG* butcher for shop and wagron. 1S23
| Point Loboa ave.
; WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
i 20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st*
| BARBERS — A complete 8-chalr outfit for sale
j at a bargain. Call 902 Larkln st.
i BARBER shot) for sale cheap. Corner Golden
j Gate ave. and Hyde gt.; account leaving.
I WANTEI5 — A steady, well educated young man.
healthy and active, and with good references,
to learn the poultry business; liberal Induce-
ments and a permanent place if satisfactory.
Santa Teresa Poultry Farm. Edenvale, Cal.
I WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
| In city and county: experience not necessary:
i we teach you the business; good contracts for
peber men willing to work. White Sewing
j Machine Co., 300 Post st.. cor. Stockton.
! MKN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight ¦
i weeks required: positions guaranteed; special j
Inducements; catalORue and map of city free.
! MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay gt.
! WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larg*
rooms; Z5c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GOOD helper In wagon factory; steady work.
j 630 Broadway.
'< EXPERIENCED men to handle the sale of
i stock; steady employment. Box 2270. Call.
j WANTED— A tailor at 320 Kearny St.. first
I floor, room 1: steady place.
j "WANTED— Errand boy. 766 Geary »t.
! 10 MEN for merchant shjps. all parts of the I
j world. HERMAN. 26 gteuart st.
! STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 630
j Market (basement) to 636 Market st.. upstairs, j
I UNDERPRESSERS —anted on coats, pants !
and vests. 541 Market st. 1
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
! all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 2« Steuart.
I MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
! BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
! PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18
j years' practice: Examiner building.
i LABORERS and drillers wanted at E27 Four-
j teenth St.. near Guerrero.
! LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms, 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 peT week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c nlsht: reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions j
j received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco: can be seen; no operation; no pain: par-
tlculars sent. AA. Phvs<«*|an. box l«50. Call.
IIOR5RS, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
cs.rts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINRON'S Stables. 57 Minna St.. be- !
tween First and Second.
$63: GENTLE mare, 8 years old, for express or
delivery wagon. 2701 Twentieth st.
TO e_chan_e^-A ?200 watch for a fine buggy.
122 Polk st.
SUITS to order In exchange for horses, buggle»:
anything of value. SKIFF. Z3W. Bush st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; send for clr-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 4 rooms, with stable, reasonable to
right party; no children. S2OH Jessie, off 9tl_
HOUSES TO LET— PURXIsIiEdT"
A— FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for sale;
rent of house very cheap;, rooms all full
Apply 1315 Stockton st.
FURNISHED house to lease for 2 years: $150
per month: modern. Box 471S. Call offlce.
" : . LOST A5D FOUXD.
LOST'— Oct. 6. near Fulton and Hayes, diamond
earring set In enamel; reward. 713 Hayes.
LOST— Sundaj-, on Twenty-third or Eureka
sts.. feather boa; reward. 24S Eureka st.
LOST— Gordon setter male- pup. 10 months old.
" Return to 3313 Mission St.: reward.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernta Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of CHRISTINE C. NELSON. No. 204-
117. The flnder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of. NICHOLAS MURPHY. No. 97.143.
Tho finder will pleaa^ return to bank.
_______ MASSAGE - ~~ '
EMILY SEGSWORTH. assistant to Dr. A. B.
Willcox, scientific masseuse, room 40. 8t-
Anns building; hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market-La dies-
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at ofnee; ladies treated can return
horn*; same day; HINDO HERB home cure.
J_y one can use It: perfectly harmless; hom«
for confinement. Send stamps for circular
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR KOnL. 937 Market St.. cor. Sixth;
reliable ladies' gpecialis: home treatment, Jo.
safe and aure cure {ruaninteeU; laJies treated
at office can return home the same day; pri-
vate home before ami during confinement;
best medical care: houra. 9 a, m. to S p. m.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renownej
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully: treatment can b«
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023^3 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists.
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands "f cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low feea. lCO'fr Market Bt.. near Sixth.
I MRS. DR. W5TETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.*
j practice: home in confinement: treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free con-
Hdential. 942 Pest St.. bet. Hyde and Larlcin.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St.. comer Kearny.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for 37
. years; always successful. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist: home in confinement: saJTe and reliable;
consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. WIS5, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market st.
£>U. WONfi HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human borty. 11.", Mason st. *
MISCKLLAXEOcS — FOR SALE.
i BOIl-ERS enplnes. 2d-hand machinery. Ms-
INTOSII & IVOLPMAN'. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counten.
llncleum, new and second hand; we always
have a larse stock of saloon outfits on band:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made:
w«f can ship everything- In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 103 Mission it.
• above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A VERT fine 12-bore hammerless B. L. shot-
gun for {29: cost originally $60. UNCLE UAR-
RIS. 15 Grant ave.
BUT a brand new typewriter for {3 down and K
per month: write for catalogue and prtca.
TTPETVRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California,
>t. : rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
FOR SALE— 2 months' old Mastiff pups from
prize winning stock. Apply 615 Santa Clara
ave.. Alameda.
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. 11 73. Pop-
I ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, 2-drlH
air compressor. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
"WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
A— EC IS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shaftlaff, pulley*,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 gpear st.
STEEL TANKS. r<. sizes; suitable for water or
oil: cheap; all snapes; second band. H. 8.
WHITE. Big Mission it.
KODAK films 3'4x3»i developed- only 23c per
roIL Rembrandt Studio. tZO Market, cor. Stktn.
' FIRST-CLASS parrots for sale. 343 Brannan
street. '
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MI3IT1T
CLOTH IXG PARLORS. 437 Montgomery rt.
SAFES— New acd second hand. THE HEU-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns new and 2d hand: movlns;
pictures. BL'LLARD fc BRECK. 131 Post st.
10-TON Fairbanks 'scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California at.
ID-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enrlnes and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES!- New and second hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ PAFE. 100-111 Marke* «t.. San Fran.
i MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
"WANTED — Oak sideboard: also small oak hat
rack; must be In srood condition and reason-
able. Box 1848. Call offlce.
WANTED — VpriEht piano for cash. H. L.
"VVHITEHEAP. 1T10 Market st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought A
sold. Silveman. 9S1 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
I KLEIN still pays best price for clothing. Drte-
j a-brac and books. 103 S ! »th St.: tel. Jeysic HI.
MO SHJ^J^J^P
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests in Estates
UndlTHed Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizis
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY amount at s Der cent: 1st. 2d anil 3d men*
gases, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no da»
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. t.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgagees, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 15. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obutln
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st.; teL Main 1544. Branch 19 Third st.
A — {300.000 ON city and country real estate and
eetatea; chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTON'E, 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
AT 12$ Kearny St.. room 9, respectable, prlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Da via 993.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
"WHY pay rent? "We loan money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 223 Sansome st, room 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by prlvata party;
low rate. 117 Market st.. room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 41. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Toualey Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on ncte without
Indorser. MORRELL. €09 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mlsslon: private. LICK, lit McAllister st
TO salaried people without collateral or la-
; dorser. S. F Discount Agency. 143 Pbelan bl*.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
DO not be misled by advertisements that ap~
[ pear to offer something for nothing; you can
get the best pianos for th« least money at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL Arlington plaaos la mahogany.
oak or walnut for $300, on payments easy; you
can exchange any piano you buy from us at
any time (or a Decker & Son. MAUVAJ3
MUSIC CO.. 789 Market st
THE MAUVAIS MUSIC CO. carry ths cele-
brated Decker 3t Son, Packard and Arlington;
select from these If you wish a satisfactory
article for your money. Coll or address 7S3
Market St.
ALL purchasers of planoa at SHERMAN 1
CLAY Jk CO.'S have the prlvtlega of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase prtc« allowed;
the best makers of. every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights J6 cash. $8 per month,
some good pianos for $3. {4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San 'Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
A NICE piano for beginners $73
One- a llttl* better 85
One KtlUUietter _.„. 100
Fine Hallet & Davis _. 133
Kingsbury. slightly used .'. 190
Easy payments: Chickering. Vose, Sterling.
Curt a?, and other pianos; sheet muaio and
everything In the music line. EENJ. CUB-
TAZ & SON. IS O'FarreSl St.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano hous« west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains In all standard makes from $50 to
J235. Agents for Hallet & Davis. Boston's old-
est acd most famous nlano; also Behr Bros,
and ft other make*. Planoa rent; rent allowed
j If purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary.
ANY amount on furniture, planoa. without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back tn Installments or as a whole; U you
owe a balance on the purchase- price wo will
pay it and carry the loan a9 long aa you de-
sire: avoid red tape, and publicity; see us
first; you will be watted upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-C9 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houaa
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2*.
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; pr#es lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
"WE have too many pianos In our warerooms—
ten will be sold at great discounts; high
trade: little money: we won't pay extra
storage. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
BEAUTIFUL large upright ptnno. 3 pedals;
sacrifice; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
A cleaning out of planoa for storage: dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFJTS, 933 Market at.. 4 elegant up-
r!ghts> at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN; must b« sold; nice upright piano.
BCHMITZ. 1C McAllister at, next Hlb. Bank.McCoy, Must Pay Five Dollars.
The United States' Circuit Court of Ap-^
peals yesterday reversed the . verdict of
the lower court tn the case" Of the United
States of America- vs. C. • C. McCoy "and
others,.and directed the court to find a
judgment In favor of the. United 8tates
for $5. McCoy was a contractor for car
rying mails In this city and abandoned
his contract. • H« wan sued by the Gov
ernment for $5772 99 damag-es; but a non
8Ult.was granted because of the failure of
the Government to make out a case. - . ->
Telegraph Lines Restored.
The Western Union Telegraph Company
has notified Us patrons of the restoration
of telegraphic communication with'-.Cen
tral, and South America by way of Gal
veston.- The- storm which swept the lat
ter city Interrupted all communication tor
a time. .
provement Club are very much displeased
wltlvE.P. K. Troy. Mr. Troy resides at
632 Point Lobos avenue, and the officers
of the club claim that whenever, they ap
pear before the Board of Supervisors or
city ; officials to urpe certain needed Im
provements thev find Troy has been there
before them with a contrary proposition.
In order to express its disapproval of
Troy the followfnp communication was
yesterday forwarded to the' City Hall:
. • i San Francisco, October 8. 1300.
To his Honor the Mayor of the City and
County of San Francisco and the Board' -of
Supervisors:
Gentlemen — It has been called to the atten
tion of the Point Lobos Improvement Club
through the columns of the dally press that
one E. P. B. Troy has been appearing before
your honorable body and the committees
thereof statins that he .represented the Rich
mond District Improvement Association and
the Richmond people. .. ¦ - _
As a mattrr of. fact the Richmond District
Improvement Association referred to by Mr.
Troy Is practically a defunct organization. -It
has not held a public meeting for several
yeurs and thin gentleman In uplnx Its name U
likely to mislead and confuse those not fully
aware ¦ of the .facts. ¦ " : .
The Point I^bo* - Improvement Cluh, which
holds semi-monthly public meetings. Is the
bona fide representative of ' the Richmond dis
trict residents and taxpayers, and when Mr.
Troy appears before you gentlemen' In the
future you will please understand that he sim
ply represents" himself and tTioae from whom
he can show actual authority, and: that' he
does not speak for the Point Lobos
ment Club nor Its members. Very truly yours,
•. ' Point 'Lobos 'Improvement Club. •
. ,• . O. K. • CUSHING.i President.
JOHXJ. CASSIDY. Corresponding Secretary.
Improvement Club Repudiates Any
Connection With Him in Com
munication to Mayor.
The members of the Point Lobos Im-
POINT LOBOS aUB IS
DISPLEASED WITH. TEOY
T Harrington. Coluea I
J L Swank. Colusa j
P II McJJahon. L Artt
J C Kalrley. Lexin^tn
C H-Pearsell & w. Cal
W-TV Stone & -or. Cal
E»A Cardlnl, Buenos
Ayres
H Reidy. Brazil . :
C B Mayers, NY '
A J GUlott. Vancouver
It It Bowles. Vancouvr
Dr G W DwlneU. Cal
AV B Peck. & w, N Y
J J Dooley. NT .
J W Blecher. Boston
K M Burbeck S Diego
J A Dubbs, Plttsbure I
L J Rose Jr, Oxnard
Miss E Allen. Ohio
MImK DrtscaU. L An
J R Phillip. Stockton
W Klersted, Kan City
F W Rollins. Concord
G A Batchelder. Cal
C W Thompson. L An
E D 1'haj.tnan & w,
Connecticut
S I) Hepburn & . w.
Japan
W l« ll^yn^lds. Cleveld
T B I.«iwler & w. N Y
W J Kelly, Oakland
A Kaiser, Stockton .
W H Seaman. Sacto
J M Barney. Cal
J A Black, .Tucson :
J K McOinley. N W
R H Cook & w. x Y -
W Strauba. Cheo
S Arnold. U.3N
S Blumenthal, El Paso
T J Nicols. Auburn j
Mrs J Scrtven, Sacto
P J Mattlngly, Ky
G R Stewart. Cal
M Mann. Oakdale
D Campbell. Los Ans
J H Graves, S Jose
H C Holling-er. Chgo
W S Green. Coluga
O Robinson & w. Cal
H A Smith. Portland
Mrs Hanson, Wash
J P Klwell, Wash
J T Ellison. R Bluff
J Fillins, w St ch. Cal
J McMurry. Weaver>-ll
W* I Hopp. weavervllle.
A Hutxler. "Willows
E It Hushes, Butte
N H Wolff Jr. Napa
C M Smith, Berkeley
M K Morford. Berkley
\V C Swa'n. Cal
F C Gibbons. Cal
A W8lker, Cai
E M Robits A w. Cal
J F Brown, Sacto
J P Bowman, Cal
C N Bremert. .Oakland
D E McKlnlay. Cal |
Mrs H Davis, Alameda)
T K Rothenberg-er. Call
C C Johnston. Cal
L Levy. Cal
C W Deuchler. CliKO
G W Hunter. Eureka j
Miss Fox. Weavervllle
Miss M F Durphy. Cal|
Dr S M Jorsenson/ Cal:
IS" Blackstock, Cal
W E Ready, Ventura
W A Shedd. Los Ang J
J C Pottle ft w. Sangerj.
S Praser. Los Ans !
A S Bradford & w. Calj
C M Brown, Redland
G W Br.rten. 3 Bernad 1
H R Herrey. L Ang
J C Steele.'S Monica
O H Parke. Los Ang I
\V E Crowley. Illinois
J Babler & tarn, Alask!
F E L?wls & w, Chgo
J E Stubbs, Los Ang
Mrs F A Stubbs. L An
Mrs E M Steuart. L A
Mrs O Julian & dau.
Yreka
R Cadwallader, Cal
E Bowman, Cal
M Connell. R Bluff
H R Dunnlway, Ptlnd
F M Heath, Riverside
J T Jr.rvis. Riverside
C E Mitchell. Los Ang
A H Larrabe*. Cal
Mrs J Scrivner. Sacto
Mrs W C Price. Cal
L B Barnes. Cal
\V Jacks. Monterey
O II A PhllllDs. Oai
n F Stoll. Sacto
F \V Buttleman. Cal
J A Mclntyre. Sacto
Dr O S Trimmer & w,
Pac Grove •
Mrs H Flood. Victoria
J K La mom. Cal
W D Ocasard, Cal
J Stevens & w. Cal
E Moybern, Chlco •
E Mes«'ar.e. Nevada
J N Cense. I mi's City
C L Merriam, Sianforil
C D Merriam. Stanrrd
C II Knowlts, Uoston
J P Orstott Jr. Yuba
W A CroweH. Auburn
D K Gray, Salt'Lake
D Lorlngfr. Auburn
B F Jameson. Placerr!
A Stevens. Colfax
T Gilbert. Berkeley
W K Heed, Mer.lo
D Freel it w, Cal
C M Ferden. Lodl
W \V Henderson,. Lodl
J H Beecher. Cal
\V J Qnlnn, Fresno
Ml.** McElvy. Colusa
O J Monroe. Lakeport
J Cmlc & w. HlKhlds
Mrs T T Park. Delano
j b nurr:'. F«iierton
\V N Woodson & w. Cal
F A lU-iman. Ft Mayn
F D Sears, Boston
O B Cash, Loa Ans
C L Wlllard. Chgo
F E Curtis. Los An*
n J Marshall, L Ans
J B Richardson, Cal
G C McMullen. Sacto
HOTEL AKHXVALS.
GKAND HOTEL.
Morgue Surgeon Leland performed an
autopsy yesterday upon the body of the
unknown man who died suddenly last
Sunday afternoon In Fitzgerald's saloon
at the foot of Powell street and found
that pneumonia was the cause of death.
The stomach was sent to the city chemist
for analysis.
Died of Pneumonia.
Chief, Sullivan received a letter yester
day from Chief Henry Cullen of Nash
ville, Tenn., asking him to find out* if pos
sible the whereabouts of John Powers, a
butcher. He Is now about 51 years of age
and ran away from home when 11 years
old. It is supposed that he is in this city
or State. His mother is possessed of
some property and money and she has no
one to leave it to but him. His father,
who is dead, was James Powers.
Wealth Awaiting a. Butcher.
An interesting item In the report is the
$GO,000 paid the Southern Pacific Company
by tn«» Sp"*« ff- t.Ni l^a^- of the for
mer cja pany's Teh-chapi dixls'on. The
SoutJierii . u..iic recei\rs JooOu a month
for allowing the Santa Fe the use of Its
tracks on this division.
The company has 163 locomotives, 30
belnpr added durlns the year. It has 1534
freight cars and 26 passenger cars.
Out of a total freight tonnage of 635,621
the company carried 165.6S2 tons of fruit
and vegetables, or 26 per cent of the entire
tonnage. . . •
The number of passengers carried, earn
ing revenue, was -87,595. The number, of
tons of freight carried, earning revenue,
was G35.G21. The number of miles run by
passenger trains was 250,540; freight,
453,380; mixed, 13.992. '
The annual report of the Santa Pte Pa
cific Railway Company has been com
pleted and a copy of it was filed with
the State Board of Railway ¦ Commission
ers yesterday. According to the report the"
company has 321 miles of track. The gross
earnings. from operation during the year
were $l,572,0S0; net income after deducting
interest on real estate mortgages, taxes,
etc., $2£6,S61. The passenger revenue for
the year aggregated $252,615; freight, $1,'
248,872.
Items in Freight Tonnage.
Fruit and Vegetables the Biggest
SANTA FE'S ANNUAL REPORT.
At the request of the Santa Fe the lat
ter-company was allowed an extension of
fifteen days In which to file Its demurrer.
The Southern Pacific filed its answer two
weeks ago. The Commissioners decided
that the entire matter should be submit
ted in briefs, as Judge Sterry is going
Kast and he desired to have tne hearing
disposed of as speedily as possible.
The Commissioners instructed the secre
tary to write to the various railroad cor
porations who- have not yet sent in their
annual reports and notify. them that the
time for filing their statements has nearly
expired. Thus far thirty-five roids have
been heard from and nineteen are delin
quent. , The Southern Pacific Company
will not be able to make Its report before
the last of the month. v ¦ • •
The Railroad Commissioners held '. a
short meeting yesterday afternoon I and
took up the complaint of the Los Angeles
Traffic Association against the Santa Fe
and Southern Pacific companies, which,
among other things, charges. that the two
raiiroad corporations are maintaining a
local freight pool or combine in connec
tion with the San Joaquin Valley traffic.
swer Freight Pool Charges.
Allowed Fifteen More Days to An-
SANTA FE'S TIME EXTENDED.
The capitalist told Mr. Mills that he
meant business, but that he wished to
place one condition upon its final con
summation. That condition is that in the
event of Mr. Bryan's" election the trans
action will be declared off.
It is proposed to construct a railroad
from Rocklin, which Is about eighteen
miles east of Sacramento, Into the timber
belt for a distance of thirty-five miles or
more. Both the capitalist and the South
ern Pacific Company will put appraisers
Into the district at once. The country
which It is desired to purchase Includes
four townships. The deal will involve
fully $500,000, including the construction of
the railroad.
Upon the re-election of President Mc-
Kinley hinges one of the biggest timber
de£.ls that has been carried out in "this
State for some time. A prominent Sacra
mento capitalist called upon William 'H.
Mills, land agent of the Southern Pacific,
yesterday, and requested that he be given
an option upon 25.000 acres of timber land
along the upper American River.
mated if McKinley Wins.
Half a Million Deal to Be Consum-
BIG TIMBER PURCHASE.
It is also positively stated that there is
absolutely no truth to the story that H.
E. Huntlngton had been offered the presi
dency but had declined.
"If Mr. Bryan is elected," said The
Call's informant yesterday, "the Southern
Pacltlc will, it is almost certain, have a
different man for president than will be
the case if Mr.' McKinley is retained in
the White House. The man who has betn
asked to direct the affairs of the com
pany will not, I .am told, accept the posi
tion in the event of Mr. McKlnley's de
feat."
Upon the outcome of the national fight
will depend very largely the selection of
the new chief executive of the Southern
Pacific. *
The new president of the. Southern Pa
cific will not be named until after the na
tional election. This Information comes
from such a source as to leave no doubt as
to its reliability.
Presidential Election Will Also Affect
a Big- Lumber Deal — Santa
Fe Files Its Annual
Report.
Election of Southern Pacific's
New President to Be
Delayed.
NATIONAL FIGHT
WILL DETERMINE
RAILROAD'S HEAD
McQuaide appeared on the scene and
they all escaped except Barron, who was
caught -making his way out of the win
dow. Yesterday morning he said that
Patrick O'Malley. Francis E. Clausen.
Charles Bristol. Peter Doyle and Ernest
Thule were his accomplices and they were
arrested by Policemen Tillman and Tracy.
They will be charged with burglary. Some
of the stolen Jewelry was found upon
them and also upon Barron. Bristol Is the
leader of the gang.
Barron is one of a gang of young
"toughs," and shortly after midnight the
gang broke off the shutter,on the window
of George H. Springer's second-hand store
at 766 Folsom street. They then broke the
window and forced It open. Barron
crawled inside and handed out the Jewelry
and other articles in the. window to the
rest of the gang.
Crawford has also been identified as the
man who broke into the dyeing establish
ment of G. Weinermann. 148 Third street,
and emptied the till. He has not been
booked on this charge.
Walter Barron, who was captured by
Policeman McQualde early yesterday
morning and booked on a charge of bur
glary, appeared before Judge Conlan yes
terday and the case was continued till
On August 8 G. \V. Dyche had a dia
mond stud valued at 1250 stolen from his
cravat while being shaved in the Golden
"West barber-shop, where Crawford at the
time was bootblack. The detectives re
covered the stud and Crawford was identi
fied as the man who had disposed of it.
On September 7 the residence of John
Foster, 371S Jackson street, was entered
by Crawford by breaking the rear win
dow. The family was In the country at
the time and Crawford carried off almost
everything with the exception of the fur
niture and carpets. He even went so far
as to take the window curtains. Almost
all the stolen property was found in
Crawford's house by the detectives.
Kred Crawtord, a colored man, was ar»
rested yesterday by Detectives Harper
and. Armstrong ana booked at the City
Prison on two charges— one of burglary
and the other of grand larceny. Crawford
has a wife and two children, who live on
Mission street, near Second.
The burglar pried open a small drawer
In the counter, but did nut get any
money, lie had left the door communi
cating with Jonn Taylor & Co.'s, bU First
strtct, open as a means of escape if dis
turbed. One of Morse's patrolmen named
Anderson left a note in nls onice that he
tounti the front uoor open bunuay mgnt
ana secured It. it is inuugni tnat the
burglar had been inside betore that, as a
screw was found that h« had used In fas
tening the door. It la supposed the burglar
was the same man v. no unsuccesstuiiy
operated on the safe in the Brooks-Foins
biectrical >Vorks, 526 Mission street, about
two weeks ago.
An attempt to "crack" the safe In the
office of the Pacific Rollins Mills at 41S
Mission street was reported to the police
yesterday mcrning, and Detectives O'L>ea
and Klordan were detailed to make an in
vo.itlgation. They found that a burglar
obtained entrance by opening the front
door with a skeleton key and Immediately
commenced opcratlcna on the safe, lit
broke off the combination, drilled a hole
and used a fuse and cap lo explode the
sare, but failed in his purpose. The fuse
and tools v.'erc • found in the oSEce.
and One Colored Man, Who Are
All Kinds of a Bad
Lot.
¦ ! - — ~*- — :
Police Make a Haul of Six Whits
Same Safecracker Tried Hi3
Hand About a Week
Ago.
BURGLAR MAKES
MATTERS LIVELY
FOR POLICEMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1900.
11
PALACE HOTEL.
TillSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
•\- Firings: never wet; best In the world-
u>.:nc ani repairing of all kinds of mu«lcai
Instrument*.; Carl C. Anderson. «17 Geary st!
:: -NTL-MAN golr.«r to New YorkVliTBacrlflce
large upright piano. S;i Golden Gate ave
: i: in the nrim: rent a new tlano for SZ n.^
,nor.-.h. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 66° Hayes . P * U
: < HMKR & CO.. Jlyron Mauzy. Gabler St>eil-
v.nn ana other pianos. COS Post eL '
.-• l'KP.IOK violins. zHhc-rs. o!d and new H
Vt-LLHU. maker, rrpalrrr. 2 LaTham plac")
REDUCTION sale; new pianos; $3 payments-
for rent. K up. DIU'EXX. 2cs Pou ,° '
i-OiiADK fianos: E'.eck. Ilardman. Con-
v.^ /: Pth-tr. V,-. H. AU.KX CO.. M 4 Post.
} orncEs •$ axd [ stores x to tLtii^
\\ ANTrn-T.-. ront i-art of store on Market
:k^*£? J^aT^ f fl cV vcnth - Addrf * 5
UABGE clfgan: store and basement' 9'iJ Valen-
e^SSr*5StoeS: bUSlmiS ~ n ter;'.ult a bie
r3x:3 «*~ e ? MO^"TGOMERT «t.. with entrance
¦•¦ Merchant M ; low rent.
rAL.MISTItT. ~
t,t . bet. Ooary and PcM; tel. black 5«L
IIME. NEEnOAABD hns removed to 700 Posf
¦v ins 1 to 5 tif , and Sunday by arpolntm>nt.
PKUSOVALS.
BEIKp as zry wife has left my board~~and
I <1c:r.g I am n. t responsible for any debts
tlint she may contract fnm this date. Oc-
XQber «¦ V% M. DAKWHRITZ. U13 Kearny.
rr.IVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
retW «acperteacfea J. n.'BAY. 151 Jessie tt.
AT l/>d(i>r-s. aU this week, large stock ;af
ha.r oT-nom»r.:s Bt Ic-n.- ligures; artistic hair-
Ortrsytng only i5c; BWitches cheap. 1*3 Stoktn.
THE HUDSON RlVElT CO..
HOPKE BROS
:Ja:tr«f»« and pHI—'S roa3» to order, recov-
ered and rrnovfcte'l; honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition; fine upholstery;
phoD* TICS; factory, r.S and Jl"0 Kleventb St.;
llist-class rli-anir.g and dyeing, irs O'Farrell
ft., near Powell. San Francisco.
ELKCTHIC liehts in every room — Winchester
Hotel <4 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms.
SSc to Jl I'j r**r night; JI fO to $5 per week;
free feus and bags age to and from the ferry, j
LAnin? Fhould up* Mme. Reiner's depilatory:
removes f=-ji>«~flu<-us ha!r instantly; no pain.
MME. REINER. Putter st.. 10 to 4.
eVtTS to orier on Irsiallnieats: J!5 upward.
S! n week. LF.iiN I.KMOS. 1117 Market st..
b*twcrn Seventh nnd Kijhth.
CRAXP Central Itldinjc Academy. 617 EHis t.t. :
cpea #>v^r::r.g« fri'ni f to 10 o'clock; phone
l^ast III. J. McKKNNA. Instructor.
ITS to rrder Jrorr. $13 up on easy payments.
T!:o Richfjleu. 700 Market *t, near Gearj".
l-Ent-rRHR'S QBlataBicft h*tr tor.Icr preeerves
arid beautifies] Ittor hair: try it; 35c bottle.
KODAK fln:s ?.¦¦-¦>.?,¦. deve'.orwvi nnly 2^c per I
rcO. Rfmbrar.dt Studio. £50 Market, cor. ptktn.
" EOERES*6 i>«rao SbamiKx>: a perfect clean-
¦er; try it onc-e: r»c rkc. 113 Stockton st.
ALL w:«h:n»r to j^ln an srait'ur dramatic club
call room 3. IIS: Market st.. for particulars.
VME. AT>A. th? wonderful pifted healer, re-
raovea to n"4 Market st.. offices 3 and 4.
51'ITS to order on easy payments. Art Tcilor-
U>S <"o.. 1S44 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD cj'.d. sliver. <!i»min<5s and precious stones
bought. J. R. .TEN K EL. 817 Market st.
HAIR <;uick;y curlej r-r waved by using Ta 1 -
cult's curling fluid: C5c a bottle; druggists.
WANTED — Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware: <-ur1«*. all descriptions. ZZ* Dupont st.
ALFKCDUMS Egyptian Henna rytores jrray
hssr ot its nstural color; SI. at all drop^Uts
CAFT-OFF rlothir.sr. otd roM ar.d silver bought -
yenfl postal. COLF.MAX?. KM Kearny it.
CHEAPEST ar.d b»Ft in Am°rica— The Weekly j
<>.!!. U races, wettit to any address in the j
Vi;«l ?•*'«"« or ("snida one year for SI.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SIKGEOS.
rn. C C. O'7X)NNKJ.L^^nr-rTna~refia»npT
I^r- V»-Vrt «' *-»ic»- <= T>h n n* S.V.TH
RRAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
TfTTLE. C30 MARKET ST.
Go out Pun-'ay ar.<l f^e th<? following property:
ISSM — Klesrant B-roon resMmc*; 826 Clayton
«.: take Ivddy-^. blue line; up-to-date; have
a r«rtv v. ho will lees? for five years at $45
a month.
jr/iuCi-HlFh-ri^-s reMdence; 143 Sixth ave..
near OaHfnrnlH ft.; S roome. tiled bath, bli-
!»ar<l par!".r; up-to-tiate.
H2Sfr— U0J Ptanyen st., one block south of
Cotdea Gate Park: elerant 9-room reeldence: j
ui—tc-date: make "an cfTer. i
t4S<>« — I'p-u-'ictp new 7-room residence; 59 j
Portola st.. looking on new Puboce Park. :
Offer wanted on builrting lot. Clayton St.. 37 .
fe*>t south at Pap* 1 ; iT.Klfifi.
iZnfi(>— Kl«>eant 7-room boo**; up-to-date: one i
aii'l a !;aJf M"fks south of <!olo>n Gate Park.
J3."*i*»— rour flats; south of Market; rent $41.
111. "if— Three elfjrant new flats: rent $110 mo.
jfjif:f._Two flepant flats: rent Jill-. Western Ad.
t-%0,0^'0— ni^eant l.uslneiss prcj#ity: 50x137: Al
three-st'.iry buildlnp. stores and offices; north
of an>i near Market st. ; splendid Income.
tvz:,. <¦¦•<— North of an.i nrar Market Bt.; three-
Etory brick: ZS:Cx€o; laree income.
EIXTH ave.. *mt tide, between Clement anJ
Point Lobes avf^.. the two choicest lots la
Richmond: ""jXIM: ready for building: car*
1'as^s in frcnt: Fubirilt me an offer as I want
to sell the lots; will sell for cash or on In-
• talirMor.ts.
T^nth avp.', west ride, close to Clement: lot
KxlIO; al&o a choke let: $S00. W. J. GUNN.
flO California Et., between Montgomerj' and
K( arny.
A I'lNE new cottage of * rooms and ht»n fia-
Jfhed basement: all modern improvements:
larpe let. with driveway; cheap; imii;
amount cash, balance like rent; see owner on
premises. Church and 10th sts. A. KLAUS'.
MODERN hoiis<*s hullt; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage: r.rw; 6 rooms, bath; lot Mx
'.«¦: ?;•""••: tprm? to fuit buyer. 413 Kearny st.
ItKAI. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
AOCURATB personal knowfedfe— each of~the
S«<» ranches en my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than ail other agents in this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land a^ent. 6 Geary st.
FOR KALE OR RENT— Fine fruit, grain and
s»'x~k ranch. 2fl0 acrrs. n«-ar bay. Address
H. Xl. hex g-6. Caii < f flee.
CITV pr<-ip»rty «nj 'arrr" sri<j or »xi"hanj5 e J :
rrlr.tf-n 1 lisiF. M. GRIKFIN. 7» Market, r. 1.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA RKAI, ESTATE.
F'in Tnvfst^jentT " -— — .^^
4 new mr<l»>m i-room cottnr»s; cay 10 per
cent: hen loratlon: nlwnvs rented. Arply to
A. R. TiKNKE SR.. HW Webster st.. Alameds
AXAHEDA ROOMS A3fP DOARD.
FIRST-CLASS Ixiard ani suite of rooms fur
rra:i and wife; private family In Alameda;
Apply '>^x 4417. Call offlfp.
iRKEiirlDYERTTSEMENTS
behkelet real estate.
t<-'-0— FINE 3-ro<im cottage In Rood order; all
fmced; cord well and pump on back porch;
all *«-w Ted : few fruit trees; high basement;
j.v. ca«h. balance 110 per month. W. C.
MORAN.
j;rc<— R-ROOM J-stcry house and basement, all
wwered: lot 4*xW: on fine corner; 3 blocks
to r-ar?: will exchamrp for a ranch of equal
value near Fan Kranr-fsco. \V. C. MOUAN.
L^rln StHtlnn. H»rk>!fy.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCH— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAK LAM) HEAL, ESTATE. "
tl'Z CAS-'H. 110 monthly: new cottaee. X large
room*; 7-fooi ba»*m»-nt; hricK foundation; i
laree level luts. ttaSSSi price all told. I77i:
will fence and f.r.lMh u;> to suit buyer; plenty
cf «rood vat^-r: s.*>il. climate and view the \-ery
li'-n: close to electric car line and 90-foot wide
tx ul^vard. aii'l net far from model »chonl-
hoUk*; no fess nor raw winOs here; Frultvale.
::,:.?• Ka»>t Oakland: Vj buJidinRK gene up
."¦lready; more coming; call or send for circu-
lar- tit Ft-venth et.. near corner Rroadway.
''••kland; carriage Jree. HENRY Z. JONE2.
O1UM.
tMM-WOBTH fCOlL ~~~~~
Corner: store with fxtures, etc., and 4 fine
liviiiR rc^ms. barn; lot, 25x100; an openlnjt for
erw^ry or trnktrj': terms If desired. J. S
MYCTS, lfioz nroadway. Oakland.
K1'HNJSIIEI> cr uti/urnit'h^d hout<» of « laree
loonv ai.d hath: sanitary plumbir.r: lot Mx
;r : r-.nirni W at ) OT , An .,|,. r.?« 19th wt.. OaMd.
OAKLAND IKH si;s TO LET\
tiOOU houses Get list from OEO ' \V. AUS-
TIN A- co . ief< nrosdmsv. Oakland.
bAitiAxn~a^n^yTcITEf~^on. sale!
AN icuwJucUon to you frora HTichellhau.'Tbi
turciture dealer, uth and Franklin. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA, S3*, near P<mell-Furnishcd
housekeeping beautiful room*; parlors.
EDDY. 207— Larse front room, complete for
nusekeeplng; others ; ninn'g water, fas, bath.
ELLIS. 1127— A nicely furnished front room.
euitable for housekeeping; kitchen adjoining.
HOWAKD. His— Nice airy housekeeplns; rooms;
also felngle; cheap. a
LARKIN, S04-Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en. furnished. $11; gunny single room. $4 50.
MARKET, near Fifth— 5 rooms, furnished ; fold-
ing bed; gas; »0. Particulars 342 Kearny Bt.
MISSION*. 94i— 2 large sunny rooms for house-
keeping:.
OAK. 119— Sunny slngrle roomK. *$ and W 60;
fumlrhed for light housekeeping.
O'FAURELL. 12»A-Nlcely furnished sunny
rooms with privilege of light housekeeping.
POLK. f22— Furnished and unfurnished hou*e-
. keeping rooms; sunny; rent cheap.
STOCKTON. 603-NMce sunny furnished rooms,
Flr.pli- or en suite; also housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable.
Tl'RK. lM-Two furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; clo»et; no children.
VAX NESS, 4<i0— 3 well-furn. i-unny connecting
rocmti; urlvate entrance; large yard: tubs. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
_recelveJ at Call l.ranch office. ?200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
Fut>R<-riptions has been established at 1994 Va-
lcncla ft. ¦ . • - .
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
K— imi'XSWlCK H^useT^iT^nrtn— Rooms 2',c
to Jl jer r.ifsht: 51 15 to %:. per week, and light
IiMiM'kecplr.g: op^ii all night.
A— PUTTER. TIT. r.r. Taylor— Sunny: choice:
reasonable: jleare Invest tgsite; bath.
AUSTIN ave.. 105. off Polk-Fumished and
unfur!;i«hr<l rooms, and ho:>Foki»erlnjt.
m-RNKTT. !l*e~~Market <olJ Ico^ 13C4)— Fur-
ni»h*i1 rmp.. f-ultps. *inclr>: also unfurnished
Bl.'SH. 224— Furnished sunny nioms, suits or
flnp'.e. 25c per night ui>; transient.
Bl'PH. r.iO <Th<» Elk)— Charured hands: newly
renovated. nic*-!y furn. sunny rms.. Jl E0 to J7
•reek: ?r* to n so night, mhs. p. ranft.
POL8OM. week; lante sunny furnished
room: closet; h&th; private.
OEART. *t'-5 (The Navarre)— Klegantly furnished
nn».: suites or iiir.Kle; travelers accommodatd.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
arnl Mission eta. — Sunny, rooms, en suite cr
Fir.gle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. TS4S— Finely furnialied sunny
roi-rns; bath; nil conveniences; homelike; fl
ivefk t:p.
HOWARD. 16f«— Flat of 2 rooms; bay window;
private; cheap; large yard.
HYIiE. 4i>7K— Furnished room; runny; private
family.
JESS IK. 3C3. near Emporium — Furnished rooms.
J4 nnd $5.
JESSIE. K2, near Sixth— Newly furnished,
cloan rooms cheap: bath; private house.
JONES, ML nMr Kills— Nice sunny bay-window
room, al«o j.arlor; reasonable.
LAS PALM AS.- 1Q Uarket Ft.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath; s!n. rms.: board optional.
LEA VEX WORTH, loll— 3 rooms; private house;
urftalr*: rent SIP.
MINNA. 667. rcr. Eighth— New furnlRhed bay-
window room, II per week; transient.
N EW ARLfNOTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARREI.L. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office*: elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. Two single sunny furnished
rooms for gentlemen.
POST. ClT'i— Two pleasant sunny rooms for
light housekeeping: rent $10.
RC'PKPALE Hruse. J19 and X21 Bills St.— Rooms,
nisht L5c tr> tl. week II IS to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading n->otn. smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, ner nicht. 35c to $1 50; week, J2 to
S c : month, ts to *S0; elevator on ground floor;
rooms wtth hot snd cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— One nicely furnished
room: private residence; light housekeeping
ul lowed.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 46S— One large sunny room, with
beard; use of bath; reasonable.
SIXTH. I3fi— Sunny furnished rooms for light
housekeeping: also other ropms.
CLASSIFIED cdvertisements ami subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BOARD and rooms at 415 Klrst St., near Har«
rison.
ROOMS AXD IIOARD WAXTED.
YOI'NO man wishes room with two meals a
day In private family; Swedish preferred;
state price. Box 47S2. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes room and board; state
tPi-ms. Boi 1M2. Call office. '¦
— ¦ —
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester' t English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
tend 4c stamps for particulars; "Rellfcf for
Ladles" in letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., PhlladeL, Pa.
DAD tenants ejected for U: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
412 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
ROOMS papered from t2 SO; whitened. SI up:
painting done. Hartrran Paint Co.. 313 Third.
SEWING MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds boucht. sold and repairing guaran-
tepd. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKIKS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tcl. Main 1S40; Ehipplng at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 712.
PACIFIC Ptorare and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson JSL*
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES. - ,
GREAT IJAROAINS TN TYPEWRITERS-We
eell better machines for lens money than any
house In th» city; rental*. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. H6 California; telephone Main 2C6.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters.: any make.
Write for pi-ires to L. &. M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery «t.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
JfOTICE^ — Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization— Control-
ler's Department. KUte of California, Sac-
ramento. October 9. 1S00.— In acconJance with
the provisions of Section J66S of the Political
t:ode. notice Is hereby given that I have re-
ceived from the State Hoard of Equal lzatlon
the "Duplicate Record of Assessments of
Railways" and the "Duplicate Record of Ap.
portionment of Railway Assessments." con-
taining the asrersments upon the property of
each of the following named associations or
corporations, as fixed by said State Board of
Equalization for the year 1900. to-wit:
Central Pacific Railroad Company, South
Pacific Coast Railroad Company, Southern Pa-
clne Railroad Company, Southern California
Motor Road Company, Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, California Northwestern
Railway Company (tersees Ban Francl«co and
North Pacific Railroad), Panta Fe Pacific Rail-
road Company, San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company. Southern California
Railway Company. North Pacific Coast Rail-
road Company, Pacific Coast Railway Com-
pany, Pajaro Valley ' Consolidated Rail-
road Company, Nevada County Narrow-
Gauge Railroad Company, Nevada-Callfornia-
Oregon Hallway Company. Alameda and San
Joaquin Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
Company of California, Randsburg Hallway
Company. Gualala River lUllroud Company,
Sierra Valleys Railway Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company. San Frtinclscu
and Fan Mateo <Kl«ctrIc) Railroad Company
and 1«ullman'n Palece Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property, and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable, and will be delinquent on the !fu-:t
Monday In November next at i o'clock p. m..
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Mpnday in April next, at 6
o'clock p. m.. an -additional 6 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining- one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property v,iM be due
and payable- at any time after the first Mon-
day In January next, and will be delinquent
on the i&st Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock
p. m., and unlers paid to the tstat« Treasurer,
at the Capitol, prior thereto,' 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
. . E. P. CPLGANy Controller..
CUSTOM-HOtrSE. San Francisco. Cal., Octo-
ber 1. 1900— Notice: Certain goods remaining
one year In bonded warehouse will be . uold-
at rublic auction at the United States j Ap-
praiser* • store on the 24th of October. 1S«>&,'
at 11 o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues
c*n br had at the Custom-house on October
19. 1900, or at time and place of sale. STAN-
LEY; JACKSON, Special Deputy Acting Col«
lector Customs. -
The young orator, R. S. Pierce, will talk
at Metropolitan Temple to-night. .
&AHB0AP TBAVEIfc
BiotiTii scr si ¦•««-i» < it: t'onriit.
i . . iTAtlriC HI«T«1(,1 ,
Train* l«»i»*«« n—t nr* d«« tn nrrli* al
MAN riUNI!INI<>,
(Main Line. Foot «l WarkM 3»r««t) } f - .^
!¦«->¦>» — Fkom QcTOBra 1. 1X3. — akritm
•7:00a Ben Ida. Siiimin, Elmira, V»c*»Ille,
Kiiiusi-J »U'l -iilr*tueiit<> •7:ll»»
•7:00* Shasta Kxprrss-Dails. WUUsms(for
Harttett aprlccsX WlUowa. lied
Bluff. 1-ortljtMil -7x«3r
•?z3«A Maruup*. *»u Utmon. V.:icJ«. S«p«,
t'ali*ti>(a»mtHanta Uusa *0il.1r
•*:<>o a DitU, Wtioiilaud, KuitfhU Landing.
.M»r».«ii.e. or.niii.- *7sl3p
•»:*>«» AlUuUu K>|>rau— O«'I«u «o I Kut M3il.1r
•ftiUM, Kilat, Tner. Latorou Stockton *V<I3a
•»lUt»» Han .Iom, Lifermurr, .Stucktou,
lone, jvtcrviinit". PUcxrilU',
M»rj<till». Chic. IU-1 IthtfT *lil.1p
< ••.¦run O»ii.U:., Chiurv. M>n"r+, «.'*r'.cts... *i:l.1p
, •!.:«»« H.>*»r.!x. :iu.-» »»•¦» Way **t*ln>v. * I 1 1 l.t*
• «>»:••»* L< ¦» Anjce'M aVxpraia— M»r'inr*.
Traej, l.ttnri'1 1 . .-"••wktrm, Mrreru
Kr.rf,,.. «i-.i Cx« Ad;o f* *7:15p
••:»«»» Vail. jo. MwMimS«inl »V»f rtUIInn* ••Ill.ip
• I Wins* T&-.- O»*rUiiti 1 i.nirml— Ogleo. l>»u-
»-r, I >.,.,.!.«, (.lbiCH.J-1 ••!¦«»»
•1 ¦:«•>.« >•!;.». tStocalOH, hwr»m'i)l", Men- -
riot*, t-'rtsnn, Hunfi>r-!, Vtoslla.
Hrwr»i!i« *I»I3»
•U.OO* V)Htw*e. Sacgtt. O..wh-r June-
-' ti-n. U«k»rj:ii!.L. lo» AujtUi
•I7;i>«i i;.,)»jr.u. \um»m| iV»j .r.«mm«. "»>l^»
f lifttif 1 iM«nnH» Kitri ST.mpM 1»:O«»*
•rtioup Hn;i««nU, NilrsandWaj Ntsiiirnt. •»!«!
•ll'»H|- Ulillt'irr. S»n IUuhiii, VhI.'oJii,
.¦»•!•». iTsilmwr*. itoata i:<>s* *»il.i»
•liitttp i:..iii,.|». Wtattn. Haotanmata.
<l-r).«i-.r, .lr,,»il«« MM1,
•••:|'»r Nll»«,Smi.l<"»»i.ilSHoe»lon *7H3p
•»t««pTli« Owl lii'iItml-Trvcr, ftumn.
iUkt rudoM. Mi.t^tis for Binti Uir-
Wtt. l»* AiiK-i.*. Mlhliv
•SiWr Stockton •!»»*»*
•Siettf Nf» (irl'm Kirra-lul«wlid.l.
hnuitM rUrtwrii, Im* Ang-lei. 1><-ui-
inc. Kl r«o. Hew Orlesiil s«d
K«»t »7.4.1»
•B:»ur lUyiwih, .Nlim»ml s«n .loa*. "7. 1*4
tO-.OOr V»II»H *l»il»f
•i.:O«i urviiui Mall— Oiil«o, CbejenD«,
Omsha. «ni»c«ff» *13«43p
•«:O0r Ortei.sal M*i!-Os.I*n, Denier.
<>:u*i.h, » bi«w<> ? MtlSp
•T:««- KiIm, Tn.ey, Lxhrop. Stocktca.... •l*«13e
••!•»!• <lr,-»,,,, ai,,t «:»l|l..f"lU Kl|.f«W.N«c-
IKiiiOxk.t, M*I7>«ill<>. Cr.l.lli^j.
I -..it !..¦,•;. I'ncrt hnitml ami Kast *9:<3a
t«t«.tp v»luj... h.ift UMa a;id Way NU-
tfc..m |ll.Mt
«O\sr IMVtxION (<Urro» «l«Pi;»).
<Pw.tof »i.rk.> street. >
' 'dilS* Neimrli.C'^ilrriUle.Sau Jo»*.Fi>ll4Hi.
Uontilec I -I.-,- k,.>ai. I a Onia a ml Way
Ht.:i,.i.« „ .,. ««it»»
ISilSr S«Mk, < Vni-rt 11!^. »%>. .1..-, No*
.Alm»i.i>. svttou. i:...il.l»r Creek,
e!ant» Crns anil 1'iiocipal VV» r
Hutlmis \.ftiArt4
¦4iI9p Newark. «an Joiie. Los Gatoa »<lif»O4
alliHpHunun' Excursion. Smn Jo»» aad "
*»y \tt»*r'
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr««SlB ritNCISCO— r»t .? Mark** Strnl (Slit S)—
•7:I» »:0O UOUt.H. |I:0fl ?J:03 tJ;W
•1:03 ' J5:C3 *l::3r.M.
rrimUmnD-rul • > Br«»4w.».— "«:00 S.00 10:00*. M.
IH.C3 '1:03 1103 '3:83 tt 53 'LZZfM.
co«!vr iHYiMoi inrani n—gii.
fl"htr.l i.i ¦* To»n»«>n.l SU.)
t«:l«A Ocean View, Sotilh Han FrancUoo.. T*A>3l»r '
•<:ea* San Jiwo ami War HUtli.im (New
Alimilfi '.VoliiexiUyiniiJjO *lsSOp
•V:O»» s»,, .),.«„. Tiu l'tiM«. Kunu rru«,
l'.ciilc On.»«. l'«... It.ihlw. Man
I. ills '>I>Ih|h>, Mnrf, I/O*apO0 ami
rrliicii>al W*» Sutlnm MtlWp
•IWilO* San Josx ami Way stations 'HiM,
•Ms3<kA San Jim ti.il Wa- MtHtioiia •Si^ltp
t'Jil-ir San Matro, ltmlwno.1. Meitjo P*rk.
l'»!u Alto. »anca<;Ura. Man .liw*.
Tres Hnos M»i.i» Vim, Sallnaa.
Mouteie) and I'acllte Oro»e U«li:lflt
()i«*rttDJ<iw«nil ffi| HUUdui *7>3up
M:l"»r Priuaipal Waj.Stetluua 'U:I3»
t3:oup3*u Jos-. Los Gatos and Principal
Wa* .-station* : ?»!««»»
MlSOr San Jd» amt PHoelpsI W*j Stations "*:3.1*
•ii::ii»r h*ii.Ii«»»ml Way Mtatious »<:««»*
1ll:4.-. r s»n .low »i..l \V»y Stationa »*:3<>r
A fur Munilui 1> for Aftemncin.
'Daily. . t .HmMay *xc«pt«d. t only.
.¦ - a n»lil|i|si «n!».
CALIF02NU N0STHT7ESTEB5 BT. COL
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tl&txron Ferry, Foot of Market OX
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAE1*
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:C0. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
1:30. 5:10. «:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays^-Eztra, trlss at l:t»
and 11:30 d. m.
EUNDAY3-»:C0. 9:30. 11.00 a. m.: 1:». «:».
6:00. S:20 o. m.
BAN RAFAET. TO SAJ* KRANC1SCX).
"WEEK DAYS — 8:10. 7:50. >:30. 11:10 a. m. : 12:0.
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Batardays— Extra trips at
1:E5 and «:SS d. m.
SUNDAYS-*:™, 9:40. 11:10 a. El.: 1:401 »:4tV
(.OS. iiti t>- m. .
BctwMn San Franclaco aad Scbuetzen Parti
sam« scheduls as abov«.
Le^ve 1 In Effect. I ArrtT*
Ban Franciseo. [Apr. 15. 1300-1 5an Fr*ndse<».
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I W«^»
Days. | days, f Dyatlnatlcn.l days. ] Days.
7:30 am 8:00 »m Novata. 10:40 ami S:40 am
• :30 pm 9:S0am Petaluma. f :06 pm 10:25 am
(:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roia. 7:35 pm| «:M pia
Fulton.
T Jfl am Windsor. 10:3 aim
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyserrllle.
1:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. T:35 pm <:»pm
7:3) ami I Hopland I 110:28 am,
»:30 pml »:00 am! sj>d Uklah. I 7:35 pml «:20 pn>
' 7:30 am 10:25 axa
8:00 am Gueraerlll*. 7:SS pm
t :80 pm <:»>P«
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma. 9:1a am 8:40 am
and
8:13 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. | <:C8 pm Iff) pm
7:30 im! 8:C0 ami |10:«0 am|10:2S aia
8:30 pmj (:C0 pml S«ba.stopol. | 7:35 pml. 6:10 pn\
Staves connect at Pnnta. Rosa for Mark West.
Springs and 'White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for I.ytton Sprlno: at
Geyservilh* for Skagxs Pprlres: at CloTtrdal*
for th<? Geysers: at Hoslaad for Duncan,
Eprlnjri. Highland Sprlnrs. • KelseyvilTa; Carls-
bad EprlnRB, Sods Bay. Lakeport and Bartletfc
Pprlnits; at IT*! ah for Vichy Sprlnss. SaratOK»
Springs, Blue LakM. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Pprtnzs. Uppr Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rhrerside. Ll*rley*s. Buckaell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Rullvtlle. Orr'a Hot,
Eprinss. Mendoclno City. Fort Braes. -West-^
port, Usal, WillltJ. Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Sprints, Uarrla. Olsen'a. Dyer. Sootl*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday roun .i*,trln tickets as
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all potats
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofnr~4. <30 Market st.. Oirontcl* hlJj,
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. . Afent. .
iRTH PACIFIC C0AST"RA1LR0aT.
Via Sausallto F«rry. .-•-
¦ Commencins September 3u. 1900.
FHOM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL V ALLEY
¦ AND 8 AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAY&-4:55. *3:15. 11:00 a, m.. "1:43^
3:15. 4:00. 6:15. •¦3:U 6:40 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sao
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays i.ad Sat"
unlays at 9:0O and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00. *10:00, # U:80 a. m.. "1:13,
3:15. *i:li. «:», 9:00 p. m. ?
Trains marked <*) ran to. San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-»:2S. '6:30. 7M5. »;30 a. m..
•11-30. 1:43. •3:30. *:3O. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 1:45 and 10:2') p. m.
SUNDAYS-<:»). »8:0O. *10:00. "11:45 a. m,.
•1:40. ¦ »J:15. '4:45. *«:S0 p. m.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentin. ¦
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FHANCI3CO.
WEEK PAYS— 6:45. t:45. 7:55. »:S> a. . m..
11-33 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:J0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 o. m.
SUNDAYS— S:03. 10:05 a. m.. 13:05. JO5, 1:30.
S'OO 6:45 P. m.
• ' THROUGH TRAINS.
I:S5 a. m. week days— Cazadero- and way at*.
tlons.
IMS p. m. Saturdays— To males and way sta-
tions. ¦
8:00 a. m. Sundays — To males and way sta-
tion*.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Lea** Mark ft -street Ferry Depot.
Lve. 6aa Francisco. 9:00 a m 4.-19 p m 8:00 p m
Arr. E'.ocktua 12:30 p m 7:15 p ra 11:06 p a
" Merced U4 Z:43 a m — — — i:l» a ra
" Fresno ........ 4:10 pm 1:06 a aa
** VlMlla «:00pm 4:50 •>«»
" Tolart 6;23pm i:10 a na
" Hanford 8:33 p m 7:04 a tn
" Bakersfleld ... 8:50 pm T:» a m
*" Denver — . 10:00 a m - i i »
" Kansas City... 5:15 p m
** ChlcaKO 7:40 am' - ¦ ¦
I a. ra. train 1* the Overland Rxpresa. Cm**
¦ponding train arrives at ( p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. is Stocktoo Local. Corresponding
train arrives ll:0i a. m. dally. - ¦¦
l:0O p. m l» Fresno and Baksrsneid Tlitii— ¦
with PleeplDc Cars tcr both cities. Cornspcnd-
Inr train arrives at 8 a. m. dally. *
OfFICEB-841 -Market » t: «"<! «n Terry Depot.
§Dr.GibboD's Dispensary,
???*3? : i BA f ari ¦*• astaoiished.
•n ***•* «» tnetrsatxaentor Private
Uisamaea, Leat Manbnml DeOlllty or
owe— e> "'wiling on faodyaadmlna ana
««¦ 1«CM,rCT^?wKS
•ithers fall rry him. Charge low
Or.J. r- UIBRO.V. Box IS»37.aaa VriacUco
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
CrFiienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 .o'clock, from the parlor*
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
etre«t. thence to Eintracht Hall. Twelfth
street, near Folsom. where services ¦ will, be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock, under the au-
spices of the Vereln 'Eintracht. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.- . ,
GORMAN— In this city, October 7. 1900. John
Gorman; a' native of County- -Longford,- Ire-
land, aze<l « years.
HASKELL— In Berkeley, October 8, 1900,
Rachel Hepburn, dearly beloved wife of D.
H. Haske-ll (recently, of San Francisco), and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Phillip Veriill
MfKhelH of London. England. Dudley HaBkell,
the late' Harry H. Haskell.- Mrs. Franklin B.
l'oore and Mrs. John Charles- Adams of Oak-
land, and sister f>f Mrs. William Kirk, James
K. Mitchell and Mrs.J. R. Scupham'of Oak-
land, a native of Pennsylvania. . ~. .
(tJTFrienris of the family are respectfully
(EJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlt;ed to attend the runeral to-morrow
(Wednesday*, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 711 Moultrle street, Bernal Heights,
thence to St. John's Church, old St. Mary's
College, where a solemn requiem mass will
b« celebrated for the repose of her soul, eom-
m»-ncir.K at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross
Cemetery.
EISEL— In this pity. October 7. 1900, Carl Wll-
• Ham Elsol, dearly beloved husband of Chris-
tina Elsel. a native of Baden, Germany, aged
EG rears and 3 months. ¦ - .
(C^Frlenrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. •
COLEMAN— In the City and County Hospital,
October 6, 1900, Thomas Coleman, a native of
Massachusetts, .aged 44 years.
CRANE — In Llvermore, October 3. .1900, George
I^evsley Crane, dearly beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. O. W. Crane, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 ye'ars C months and 2 days. • '
DOWLING— In this city. October 7, 1900. Mary.
beloved wife of the late Patrick Dowllni, a
native of Mountmelllck. Queen's County, Ire-
land, aged 72 years, (New York papers please
copy.) ,
E7The ¦ funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), from the Chapel of the Passion.
St. Mary's Hospital, where a requiem high
ma*s will be oelebrated for the repone of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
er*.
EICHOLZER— In th»s city, October 7, 1900. Mar-
ftaret, beloved wife of the late John Elcholaer.
and • dearly beloved mother of Camllle and
Theresa ElchoUer. Mrs. W. Manders and Mrs.
A. Wilson, a native of Ireland, aged 49. years
9 months and 2 days..
CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at '11:30 o'clock, by train from
corner of Third and Townsend streets. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BROWN— In East Oakland. October 6, 1900,
John F. Brown, beloved husband of the late
Isabelle C. Brown, and father of George and
W. H. Brown, Mrs. J. H. Kruse and Mrs.
Charles Boyer, a .native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 90 years 5 months and 2 days.
CTKrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend thcfuneral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
BROWN— In Alameda. October 7, 1900, at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. N. Boscher, JO44
¦ Buena Vista avenue. Margaret, relict of the
late Anthony Brown, a native of Dublin, Ire-
land, ajred 86 years.
CyPViends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, -from the .par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29
Fifth street, thence to St. Ignatius Church,
Hayes street, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repone of his eoul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BIERCK— In Iiondon. England, September 20,
1900, Don Alfredo Blerek of Guatemala. . ;
BISSEI-L— At the Southern Pacific Hospital,
October 7, 1900. of malignant" cancer, W. R.
BifseM, ased about 54 years.
AYLWARD— In this city. October 8. 1900.
Thomas Aylward. a native of the parish of
Mulllnavat, County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged
64 years.
DIED.
Aylward. Thomas Matculre, William
Bierck. Don Alfredo Metrler. Charles J. B.
Blssell. W. R. Miller. Jnmes A.
Brown. John F. Morton. Elten
Brown; Margaret ' Munder William F. '
Coleman. Thomas Muller. Nlcolaus .,
Crane, George L. Noonan. Matilda. \
Dowllns. Mary Quarney," Bridget
Elcholzer, Margaret ' Robcke, Charles'
Ei*el, Carl TV. Sernau, John H7
Gorman, John Sllkman." Charles P. .
Haskell. Rachel H. Slme, William M.
Herring, George D. ' Sutton, James E. .
Hillyer. Alford J. - Sternberg. Morris
Hillyer. James . Taylor. George G.
Kelly. Joseph A. . Thompson, Charles
Kerrigan, William M. -V.'idman. Curtis N.
Kline. U G. WulfT. Louise ;
Koch, Adam
MARRIED.
FITZGERALD— PETERSON— In thl« city, Oc-
tober 7. 1900, by Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterius.
Bernard H. Fitzgerald und Nannie M. Peter-
son.
JE1DE— HOPPE— In this city. October 6. 1900,
by the Rev. .1. M. Buehler, John M. Jelde and
Elizabeth Hrr-j>e.
KAISER-PAFSOT-In this city, October 6.
1300. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the First
English Lutheran Church. William Patterson
Kaiser and Josephine ,1'assot, both of this
city.
PELTON-BURRELL-In Elmhurst. October 2.
l&w), in the Presbyterian Church, by the Rev,
E. E. Clark. William H. Pelton of San Jose
and Elizabeth Burr^U of Elmhurst.
BORN.
BURNHAM— In this city, October 8, 1900, to the
wife of Dr. Clark J. Burnham. a son. •
LYONS— In this city, September 22, 1900, to the
wife of H. D. Lyons, a son.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
MARRIAGE LICENa^S.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Hubert Werti. 15, 22 Moss street, and Alice
Schwall. IS. 445H Natoma Et*tet. '
,.- A . u * ust "• ScJ.jia 45, Fresno, and Annie W.
A\ ill'ams, IS, Fresno.
. Thomas E. Dougherty, 2J, 105 Tehama street,
and Fannie Whltehead. 23. 406 Tehama street.
John E. Webster. 23, 273 Clara street, and
Marguerite Melskov. 22. 11 Langton street.
Henry H. Hudson. 32. 1316 Fillmore street,
and Louise J. Federick, 23. 1316 Fillmore street.
James F. Hifkey, 45. 26 Minna street, and
Alice Ealdwln, 25. 27 Minna street.
Emillo Franceschl. 3S. 1518 Stockton street,
and Marlanna Cecchl. 25, 1917 Jackson street.
fcwanl F. Wooda, 26, Stockton, and Lottie S.
Nelson, !l. Stockton. .
John M. Field. 34. 4S East street, and Lillian
A. Barron, 23, 191S Vallejo street.
James H. O'Hara. 2?, Vallejo. and Lizzie Mc-
Carthy. 22. city.
Frederick Kracke. 23. 577 Natoma street, and
Nellie V. Beldfoe, 2v, 577 Natoma street.
Philip F. Mandrngon, 37. 10*6B Washington
street, and Isaura. P. Luna. 25. 607 Vallejo
John F. Ke.efe. 21. St. Helena, and Georgle
M. Richardson. IS. St. Helena.
Frank B. Oilman, 2?, Stockton, and Elsie M.
Cardczo. 20, Stockton.
Hurley L. Tedrington. 21. 4 Morse place, and
Emma Bruce. 24. 4 Morse place •
Charles J. Nicholas. 47. 102 Bernard street,
and Josephine Hajdenrelch, 40, 11CS Powell
street.
Isaac Gerson. 2S, 305 Octavla street, and Hen-
rietta Schoenfeld. 19. f>45 Hayes street.
Llone-1 R. 1. Hawtrey. ?.*. Oakland, and Cath-
erine F. Laird. 31. Reddinir.
Samuel C. Wood. 31. 1040 Bush street, and
Romola Biglow. 24. 1300 McAllister street.
William T. Shelly, 2.'. 419 Green street, and
Netta M. Burch, 25. 1521 Market street.
Alpnso E. J. Smith. 25, 704V4 Mission street,
and Martha D. Wyckoff. 16. 146 Perry street.
Joseph Nlglis, 25, 1S1SV4 Mason street. anJ
Edith Jalnnl. 25, 1107 Montgomery avenue.
Lam Yow. 29. 709 Dupont street, and Low
Moy Qua, 23, 709 Dupont street.
V. s: ENGINEER office. Flood bid*.. San Fran-
Cisco. Cal., Oct. k, 1900— Sealed proposals for
conrtructing a wharf and tramway at Point
Uonlta. Cal.. will be received here until 12
m.. November 8. l<)00. and then publicly
open'-d. Information furnished on oppllca-
catlon. CI1AS. E. L. B. DAVIS, MaJ., Eng'ra.
PROPOSALS for constructing, by contract, six
armored cru;w>rs will be received at the Navy
department u'.itll II o'clock, noon, on Friday.
December 7. 1900, when they will be publicly
opened. A circular denning the chief charac-
teristics of said vessels is now ready for dis-
tribution among bidders. The plans and
specification* may be examined, upon applica-
tion to the department, on and after October
S. and forms of proposal and contract will be
furnished after Octcber 13, 1900,
,. , ' ¦ JOHN D. 1 LONG.
I °- 1 - '«A Secretary of the Navy.
PROPOSALS.
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Benlcla, thence to- St. Dominic's
Church, wher« a solemn requiem mass will
be held for tHe repose of her soul.
ROBCKE— In the City and County Hospital.
October 8, 1500, Charles Robcke, a native of
Germany, aped 4S years.
SERNAU— In- this city. October 7, 1900, John
H.. -dearly beloved husband of Annie L. Ser-
nau. and father of Howard and the late Wal-
ter Sernau, a native of Milwaukee, Wis., aged
33 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 109 South Park, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a aolemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. -*• s=
SILKMAN— In this city. October 6. 1500. Charles
P.'. Silkman. uncle of Charles R. Curtis of
Chicago, 111., a native of Illinois, aged 6:
years. • <
C3Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the- funr
eral parlors of Porter & White, vl22 Eddy
Ftreet, thence to fit. Peter's Episcopal Church,
corner Filbert and Stockton streets, for serv-
ices. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SIME— In this city." September 8, 1900. William
M.. beloved son of William M.. and Carrie H.
Rime, a native of California, aged 13 years
11. month» and 16 days.
STERNBEftG— In this city. October 7, 1900,
Morris, beloved hu*band of Rosalie Sternbergi
father of Louis. Charles, Jennie and iSadie
Sternberg and Mrs: Rebecca Lelzer of Fort
Bragg, and brother -of David Sternberg- and
Mrs. S. Marks of Vklah, a native of Prussia*
aged 61 years 11 months and 21 days.
B^TThe funeral will take place ..this . day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from 131SA O'Farrell
street. All friends and acquaintances In-
vited. Interment New Salem Cemetery..
SUTTON— In this city, October 6, 1900. James
E. Button, beloved son of Peter and the late
Mary Sutton. and brother of Mrs. John Hay
of Greenwood,. Mendoclno County, Cal.,' a na-
, tlve of England, aged 33 years 6 months and
\2 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the Darlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Patrick's Church. Mission street, for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceine-r
tery.
TAYLOR— In this city. October 8. 1900.' George
G.. husband of Josle M. Taylor; and son of
Robert H. and Mary J. Taylor, a native of
. California, aged 48 years 10 months and 2
days. ' • ¦. . .- ¦ ..
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission
street, Mission Masonic Temple. .Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city. October 6. 1900,
Charlee, beloved husband of Minnie Thomp-
son,' ft native of New \ork, aged 45 years. A
member of Hannibal Lodge No. i, jr. and A.
M. : Golden Gate Lodge No. 2007. I. O. O F •
Household of nuth; Past Grand Master's
Counctl No. 33. and San Francisco Patriarchy
No. M. G. U. O. of O. -V.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Third Bap-
tist Church. Powell street, near Bush, under
the auspices of Hannibal Lodge No. 1. F. and
A. M.' Remains at his late residence, 603 Hyde
Btreet, near Geary. '" • #
WIDMAN— Entered into rest. In this city,'' Oc-
tober 8, 1900. Curtit-Neal. beloved son of :An-
ton J. and Catherine W ldman. and grandson
of Mr. and Mrs. C. N. Pratt and Herman G.
and the late Kate Widman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and i days. •
WULFF— In this city, October 7. 1900, Louise,
beloved wife of William Theodor Wulft.-and
• sister of John' F. - Alfs of Moscow, Idaho, a na-
tive i of I Oldenbursr, Germany, agred 42 years
3 months and 8 days. ,(St. Louis.. Mo., and
. Moscow,- Idaho, -papers >please copy.). - ,,• * 4
$y Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend .the. funeral .this day
(Tuesday), at 1:SO o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Diirks. ; 957 -Mission street.
between 'Fifth* and ''Sixth. . Intennent j Odd
Fellows' i Cemetery.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend" the funeral to-morrow
•(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence,. 9ot> Fifth avenue, between H and I
streets South. South San Francisco. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
NOONAN— In this city, October 6, 1900, Matilda,
wife of William Noonan. a native of Ire-
land, ajed 75 years.
(£7"fh« funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at S:SO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4-)3Vx' Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of h»r
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. ..Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, •
QUARNEY— In Benicla. October 7, 1900, Brid-
get, beloved wife of John Quarney, a native
'of Ireland, aged 66 years.
tryFrlrnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend- the funeral Thursday,
October 11 ( at 11:15 o'clock, from the residence,
corner Bay street- and Santa Clara avenue,
via the 1 o'clock creek boat. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. ¦ .
MUNDER— In South San Francisco. October 7,.
1800. at hit residence, 956 Fifth avenue south,
William Frederick Munder, dearly beloved
husband of Henrietta Munder. beloved father
of Mrs. Ole Olsen and Emll J. and Hugo Mun-
der. and irrandfather of Erma Olsen, a na-"
tlve of -Germany; &srcd t"' years 9 months and
3 days. - • ¦ j ., ¦ .-
C7 Interment private.
MORTON— In this city. October 8. 1900, Ellen,
beloved wife of Thomas Morton, and mother
of Thomas J. Morton, n native Nof County
Dprry, Ireland, aged 58 years 5 months and 27
days. (Providence, R. I., papers please copy.)
O^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Calvary
l*r«byterlan 'Church. Powell and- Geary
streets. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MULLER— In Alameda, October S, 1900, Nlco-
laus Muller. beloved husband of Catharlna
Muller,' and father of Henry, Una and Nich-
olas Muller and Mrs. J. F. Schomer and the
late C. A. Muller, and brother of D. Muller,
Mrs. H. L-elllng. Henry Muller and Mre.
Wllle, a native of Germany, aged 62 years 8
months and 2 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from 636 Washington
street, thence to Odd Fellows' Hall, Seventh
and Market streets, • where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock, under the aus-
pices of North Beach LodKe No. 9, Hermann's
Sons. Interment Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
MILLER-In thl9 city. October 8. 1900. James
Alexander Miller, formerly of Louisville, Ky.,'
father of Mrs. Mary Lyman of LoutSvllle,
Mrs. Robert Howe Fletcher and William W.
Miller of this city, aged S5 years. (Louisville
papers please, copy.)
!L'7 > Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuestfay), at 2 o'clock, from the residence.
IIC2 Ea^le avenue. . ;
MAGUIRE— In this city, October 8. 1900. Wil-
liam, beloved son of Mary and William Ma-
ptilre. and brother of Isabel and Madeline
MaKUlre, a native of San Francisco, aged 11
years and 5 months. . .
METZLER— In this city, October 6, 1900, Charles
J. B. Metrler, dearly beloved husband of the
late Knthrlna Metjler, and father of Her-
mann and Charles L. Metzler. Mrs. James
Farrell. Mrs. L. W. Matthias. Mrs. J. Lynch.
Mrs. William von Ronn and Mrs. Ida Hoff-
man, a native of Zlzenhaussen amt Stockach,
Baden, Germany, aged 65 years 11 months and
22 days. A member of Gcrmanta Nov 116, I.
O. O. F. ; Walhalla Laser No. 7. I. O. O. F. ;
California Btamm No. 70, U. O. R. M.; Roth-
maenner Schuetzen Section: Yerba Buena
Lager No. 8, U. 0. U. M.; Metamora Stamm
•No. 4, Pocahontas Sisters; Hoffnungs Lodge
No. 1, Hermann's Sons; Sisters O. D. H. S. :
SlKel Helm No. 7. U. A. O. D. ; Hartnagel
S. A. Chanter. U. A. O. D.; Vereln Ein-
tracht: Walhalla Oesang Vereln; Sud
deutseher Verein; Empire Council No. 47. O.
C. F.; America Lodge No. 2229. K. .of H.
lyEoys of St. Charles Sodality and friends
of the family are Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from
St. Charles Borromeo Church, where a re-
quiem masB will be celebrated for the repose
cf his soul.: Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
KLINE— In Corvalll?. Or.. October S. 1900. L.
G. Kline, dearly beloved father of Simon L.,
I'aultne and Moce L. Kline, a native of Ger-
many, asred 7i years. (New York, Cincinnati
and London papers please copy.)
KOCH— In Alameda. October 7. 1000, Adam
Koch, dearly beloved husband of Clara Koch,
and father of Mrs. P. H. Halm. Mrs. N.
Rlenecker and P.' Koch, a native of Klrr-
we.Her. Hhetrpfaiz, Germany, agred 67 years
10 months and 23 days. A member of Alu-
' meda Loudce No. 4J, K. of P.
Invited to attend funeral services at the fam-
¦ lly burial plat. In Sacramento. Cal.. to-mor-
row (Wednesday)/^t 8 o'clock.
HERRING — In-" this oltji, October 7. WOO, Georg*
D. Herring, beloved brother of William J.
"and Tillman Herrlnj, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2S years 11 months and 7 days.
(ty Friend* and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertaken. 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thence to Mission 'Dolores Church, where mass
will be celebrated for the repo«e of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HILLYER— In this city, October 8. 1900. Alford
J., beloved husband of Katie" Illllyer, and
father of Annie, Irene, Walter and Alford
Hillyer, a native of Bristol, England, aged
37 years.
1C Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
Co.. 767 Mission street. ¦
HILLYER— In the City and County Hospital.
October 8, 1900, James Hillyer. a native of
Enjfland. aged 25 years.
KELLY— In Loyalton, Joseph A., beloved son
of Mary J. and Daniel Kelly, husband of the
late Annie Kelly (nee Bergst), father of Ak-
nes Kelly, and brother of Mrs. J. F. Neary
and Jamec, John, Louis and Mary Kelly, a
native of Brooklyn. N, Y.. aged 40 years.
CTFrienda and acquaintances are "respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, corner Twenty-third and Utah
Rtreeto. thonce to St. Peter's Church, corner
of Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets, where
a solemn high mass will be celebrated for
the rei>os» of his saul. commencing at 9
o"clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. " • ' Ifc .
KERRIGAN— In this city. October V 1300. at
the residence of his parents, southwest cor-
ner of Fifteenth and Idinna streets. William
M., beloved son of William and Bridget Ker-
rlsan. and brother of John L., Nora M.,
James P." and Catherine E. Kerrigan, .a na-
tive cf San Francisco, aged 15 years and 19
days. .
Fare, San FrancUco to Summit and Return,
$1 40. • ¦ ' ! •' - - • • * I -• ; • - * -
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALFAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket Officei, 621 Market at., Sausallto Ferry.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK- DATS. ..;»:15 a. m.; I:4J and 4:<Xf p. m.'
SUNDAY8 :..«:«>.• 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS- RAILWAY
CCEAN TRAVEL.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 229, Crockfr building. San Fran-
cisco. Cal., October 1, 1S90— Coupon No. 7, due
October 1!, 1900, from first mortgage six (6)
per cent bonds of Sierra Ry. Co. of Cal.. wtl!
be paid at the fiscal arrency of this company,
the Crocker- Wool worth National Bank, on
and after that date. ' - -
• ¦ 6. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DH'IDEND nctlce— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 22. oi. Seventy-
flv* Cents (75c) per share on the Issued
capital Mock of the company has been de-
clared, payable at the ofnee of the company.
430 California st.. San Francisco, on October
10. 19C0. Transfer books close October 3. 1900.
at noon. a. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
(Eucceesor to Flann«c*n * Gallaxher>. . "-
" DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M*r. '.'.':¦-
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS ANDEMBALMKM,
JO Fifth «t... opposite Lincoln-School, .'•-
Telephone South 80. ••. •.
Ht.NRY J. GALLAGHER CO..ORIGINAL PENCIL SKETCH OF FREDERTCH HOFMANN'S FAMOUS
PAINTING. "CHRIST IN GETHSEMANE," WHICH WAS PRESENT
ED BY THE GREAT ARTIST TO MRS. B. PAULSEN OF THIS CITY.
Hofmann Is nearly el<nty years of age.
but despite *his years he is erect and
alert. Like all geniuses he is unassuming
in manner. He is intensely interested in
California and pleased that his great
picture should be in the possession of a
Californian.
Bessie Wilson of this city, went to pay
her respects to the great painter. As
usual Hofmann's place was filled by the
housekeeper, who greeted all In the ar
tist's name. When it came to Mrs. Paul
sen's turn to meet her hostess she ex
pressed her regrets at not meeting Hof
mann, adding at the same time that she
had seen his painting "Christ in Geth
semane" at the Zeile home in San Fran
cisco. The mention of Mr. Zeile's prized
possession acted like magic. The house
keeper flew to tell the artist and .return
ing brought Mrs. Paulsen a special invi
tation to call upon Mr. Hofmann the fol
lowing day. Of course the lady from Cal
ifornia kept the appointment and then
she learned from the great man that he
had been ignorant as to the whereabouts
of his "Christ in Gethsemane," which he
considered his chief d'oeuvre, giving it the
preference over even his "Christ in the
Temple," which is hung in the Dresden
gallery.
A GRACEFUL token of a great
man's gratitude, a Christ head
from the pencil of the celebrated
painter, Frederick Hofmann, will
shortly be placed in the art gal
lery at the Park Museum.
The wonderful little pencil sketch is th.i
property of Mrs. B. Paulsen of this city.
It is the original from which the world
famous artist painted the Christ for his
picture "Christ In Gethsemane," which
is the property of John Zeile of 1717 Cali
fornia street.
It bears the signature of the great artist
affixed to a line of friendly greeting, t It
was presented to Mrs. Paulsen by Hof
mann during the lady's recent visit to
Dresden — a presentation that is wound
round with a delightful story. It has been
Hofmann's custom for years past to set
aside one day a month for a reception, at
which all American visitors are made wel
come. Of late years, on account of tho
artist's great age, ho has seldom appeared
at these functions, but in his stead hi3
housekeeper has dispensed the hospitality
of the magnificent villa.
On "American day" In August Mrs.
Paulsen, accompanied by Mrs. Ray of
Oakland and the Misses Lillie Toy and
THE Grand Lodge of Free and Ac
cepted Masons will meet in th^
Masonic Temple in annual convo,
cation to-day and will be in ses
sion for several days. There will
be a large representation from all parts
of the State. The fraternity has been
doing well during the year and it is at
this time in excellent condition. Charles
L. Pattoto, who has been the grand mas
ter for the year just closing, will retire
and the one who Is in line to succeed him
is Deputy Grand Master James A. Fo
shay of Los Angeles.
The other grand officers are: "William
S. Wells, senior grand warden; Orin S.
Reports Will Show the Fra
ternity in Excellent
Condition. '
ANNUAL SESSION
OF THE MASONS
However, the wedding of the prominent
couple will be celebrated within a few
months.
Lieutenant Potter Is now with his troop
in the Philippines and the date of. his
marriage to Miss McNutt has not yet been
set. It is not yet decided even whether
the ceremony will be performed here or
whether his fiancee will go to him at
Manila. It all depends upon whether he
will be able to get a leave of absence.
In the late 80s Potter was graduated
from the University of Cambridge in Eng
land. He has been a prominent figure in
New York clubdom, and although he has
had the entre he has generally eschewed
society. Good looks is a family charac
teristic of the Potters. Ashton Potter is
an extremejy handsome man, while his
niece, Miss Fifl Potter, has been voted
the most beautiful girl m New York* so
ciety. Her engagement, by the way, was
recently announced to the young multi
millionaire, James Stillman Jr. of New
York, son of the president of the National
City Bank.
Owing no doubt to the prominence of
his family undue notoriety was given Ash
ton Potter's actions while he was still
sowing his wild oats, but thoae who know
him best speak of him as a gentleman of
ability and rare promise, who has now
settled down and is regarded as one of
the most creditable officers in the service
of Uncle Sam.
Lieutenant Potter's father was a mem
ber of the well-known New York banking
house of Brown Brothers, having married
a daughter of the senior member of that
firm. He left a large fortune to be di
vided among his children, one of whom,
a daughter, married J. Kennedy Tod. a
wealthy lawyer of Gotham.
Ashton Potter is a nephew of the Epis
copal Bishop of New York, H. C. Potter,
L.L.D., D.C.L., etc., and the younger
brother -of James Brown Potter, whose
marital troubles with his beautiful actress
wife from whom he was divorced arc
known the world over. His grandfather
was Alonzo Potter, Episcopal Bishop of
Philadelphia, who, in 1859, died in the har
bor of San Francisco, where he had just
arrived after a voyage around the Horn
in search of health.
Both the prospective bride and groom
have been engaged before; Miss McNutt
to Lieutenant Rhun of the navy and Lieu
tenant Potter to Miss Carter of Philadel
phia. In each case * the engagement was
broken off. ; " - :
Miss McNutt Is the eldest daughter of
Dr. "W. F. McNutt, the well-known local
physician, owner of the McNutt Hos
pital and member of the Board of Police
Commissioners.
While the announcement will not come
altogether as a surprise to the swell set,
of which the bride-to-be Is one of the
handsomest and cleverest representatives,
still It will not fail to arouse much in
terest In military, professional and social
circles.
At a tea to be held this afternoon at
the McNutt residencs on Pacific avenue
the engagement of Miss Mamie McNult
and Ashton Potter, second lieutenant of
the Fourth Cavalry, now stationed in Ma
nila, will be formally announced.
Be Celebrated in
Manila.
The "Redding, Which Will Take
Place in the Near Future, May
Lieutenant Ashton Potter. of
the Cavalry Is the For
tunate Man.
MISS MCNUTT
TO WED NEPHEW
OF THE BISHOP
Querita Vincent Is still the featxtr* ot
the Olympla's bill. The new programme,
was well received last night, Al Hazzard,
the ventriloquist, making quite a bit.
Olympia.
do a clever Juggling act. Jessie Padsham.
used her remarkable soprano voice to ad
vantnee and scored a hit. .Arnold Grazier
and Hazel, the Juvenile wonders. Intro
duced several new dancing specialties.
Annie Goldle sang new coon songs. Smith
and Kills appeared In another laughable)
sketch. Mo-ring- pictures of the Galvestca
disaster conclude the bill.
Chutes,
The Chutes theater presents a good
programme this week.' Ozav and Delmo
Alice Raymond, the renowned cornet so-«
lolst. made her first appearance at Fisch
er's Concert-house last night and scored a
success. Her duet with John Kurkamp.
trombonist, was encored. The vocal so
lotsts of the evening were Antonio Vargas.
Mae Tunlson. Budora Forde, O. Linau,
Robert Ellis and H. R. Basford. and to
gether they made a great hit in the sextet
from "Loda." Lillian Jeanette Introduced
her school of Australian cockatoos for tho
first time In the city. The new moving
pictures were Interesting, and Hlnridtt's
orchestra was as valuable as ever.
Fischer's Concert House.
Hoyt's "A Texas Steer" is making a hit
at the Alhambra this week. Another
crowded house greeted the excellent pro
duction last night. Will H. Bray in his
inimitable portrayal of the X'lnlster to
Dahomey • was enthusiastically received,
'while James R. McCann as Mavericis
Brander, the shrewd old Texas cattlerar.n
who la forced to accept a place in Con
gress under the persuasion of six-shooters,
and Florence Rossland as Bossy came lr.
for a generous share of the applause. The
entire company la remarkable for Its uni
form strength, while nothing Is lacking in
the staging.
Altai
Holden's stock company produced '"Tto
Marble Heart", at the Alta Theater last
evening. Mr. Holden was Duchatlet;
Clifford Dempsey. Volage; Harry Ratten
bury. Veaudole, and the female roles
were taken by Maud Miller. lone Ever*
Kte, May Evelynne, Bertha Foltz. Alle-s
Bishop and Charlotte Clark. The house
was well filled and the performance was
warmly received. The same play will bo
on all the week.
Alhambra.
and the plaudits of the audience are any
criterion. The glory of what little acting
there Is In the play falla to the share of
Mr. Bryant as Llge Monroe, and he haa
well earned it. That sterling actor. Clar
ence Montalne. makes the most of the
small part of Colonel Poole. Juliet Crosbv
has not much to do. but she does It so
well that one regrets that tho role Is so
short.
The duel with bayonets between Liera
and Jack Is ridiculous. TCobody who known
anything at all about the use of a knife or
a dagger would hold one as they do with
the handle pointed at the enemy and the
point threatening to puncture his own
abdomen at every pass.
"QUO VADIS" A FARRAGO OF
HORRORS AND ABSURDITIES
/ McGlade's Bail Reduced.
Attorney Lennon - made application be
fore Judge Carroll Cook yesterday tor a
reduction In the bail ¦ of Peter McGlade
from $7500 bonds to $3000 cash. No objec
tion was offered and the Judge so ordered.
This is in the case of forgery, on which
McGlade I was convicted and. appealed to
the Supreme Court. The case of obtain
ing money under false pretenses was
called and put over until October 20 to be
eet. BGRariB5B«0MBMMinateBHfamMi
Drink "Rainier," only beer on Pacific
Coast that received a medal at Paris Ex
position; awarded for purity and quality.*
At the session this morning there will
be the presentation of the reports of the
grand officers and the reading of the ad
dress of the grand maste'r.
Henderson, Junior grand warden; Edward
Coleman. grrand treasurer; George John
son, grrand secretary; Edward B.- Church,
grand chaplain; Carroll Cook, grand ora
tor; William H. Edwards, grand lecturer;
John Tonningsen, grand marshal; Jerome
B. Richardson, grand Bible-bearer; John
Boyd, grand swordbearer; Samuel Prager,
grand standard-bearer; Emanuel J. Louis,
senior grand deacon; Thomas J. Richards,
Junior grand deacon; 'Walter Jansen, se
nior grand steward; Philip Davis, Junior
grand steward; Edward. S. "West, grand
pursivant; Samuel D. Mayer, grand or
ganist, and George P. Adams, grand tyler.
JAMES A. FOSHAT, IN LINE OF
PROMOTION TO BE GRAND
¦ MASTER. '¦
Olbrecht Will Contest.
The trial of the contest to the will of the
late Ann Olbrecht began before Judge
Coffey yesterday.
- • r
Chicago Tailoring Co. hare removed from 1816
Market st. to 113 Grant ave. }1 a week. •
Fargo Estate Taxed.
A. collateral inheritance tax ox $10,450
haa been levied on the estate of the late
Calvin F. Fargo. Decedent's estate is val
ued at $372,335 16. .
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor In
the center of the building:, ¦where passen
gers can . leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving In the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains 1 ! ilor
ton Special Delivery. 408 Taylor street and
600 Market, street. - •
The application of George A. Aid rich to
be declared *of sound and disposing mind
•was on Judge Troutt's calendar yesterday.
A. N. Drown, who represents the trustees
under the will of- the late William A. Ald
rich, petitioner's father, questioned the
court's Jurisdiction. . Authorities were
cited, after which an adjournment until
the 17th Inst was taken.
Aldfich's Petition."
The Australia for Tahiti.
This favorite steamer, trader command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming Islands of th»
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring SO to 40 days, but the time of new
steamship service will be: 10% days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rate at 643
Market street. • O ¦;=.:-;
The OlyrnpSc Club billiard tournament
was continued last night. Three matches
were played. Taylor beat Davis, Burns
beat Donnaway and Roggen beat Frank
lin. Taylor. Burns. Ropgen a.nd Franklin
are left in the tournament. Had Franklin
•won his match he would have been the
winner of the tournament.
Billiard Tournament.
The fair in aid of St. Brigid's Churc'i
started its first week yesterday, and if
eigrjs do not fail there will be a material
lifting of the cfcurch debt by next Satur
day night— and then there will be another
week to work on the balance. The fair
-was thronged all the afternoon and even
ing. The lapse of admission fee during
tho noon hours caught the public an<l
already it is beginning to avail Itself of
the chance to come in for the midday
meal- The programmes In the booths are
beginning and everything augurs a big
success.
St. Brigid's Fair.
tution allows charters to provide for the
Another suit against the civil service
provisions of the charter was filed yester
day in tho County Clerk's office by George
D. Squires. It is an action for an injunc
tion to prevent the payment of money for
certain purposes of the Civil Service Com
mission, and If it prove successful the
authority of the commission will be re
moved from the county offices and will be
greatly limited in the municipal offices.
The suit is brought with Timothy Crow
ley, a blacksmith, as plaintiff, who ap
pears as a taxpayer who does not wish
his taxes to be illegally expended. He
contends that in creating vacancies in the
various offices by examining employes of
county offices and throwing out those who
do not come up to the standard the com
mission is spending his money unlaw
fully.
The Civil Service Commission has been
getting down to the county offices lately
in Its progress toward examining all city
employes. The Sheriff's employes have
been examined, and several of the men
looked on as almost indispensable to the
office failed to make the standard and
were marked for dismissal by the com
mission. The turn of the other offices is
rapidly coming, and the employes decided
that something had to be done quickly
or they would be turned out into the cold.
The suit is the result.
The principal contention in the suit Is
that over the strictly county offices the
civil service has no jurisdiction at all.
These Include the offices of the Sheriff.
County Clerk, Assessor, Recorder. Cor
oner and some others. It is claimed that
under the State law these officers have the
power to appoint their own deputies as
they please, and also that under the same
law it is set forth that in all cases the
appointing authority has the power to re
move the appointee.
It is further suggested that in the case
of the municipal offices, such as those of
the Board of Works, the Board of Health,
the Tax Collector and the Supervisors,
the Civil Service Commission has power
only to fill such vacancies as occur by
death, resignation or removal, and the
further claim is made that the present
appointees can be removed only by the
appointing power— the head of the office.
The third important suggestion is that
the examinations given are unjust and
impractical and not calculated to proper
ly test the qualifications of the men ex
amined. It is pointed out that men who
have for years proved . their fitness for a
certain position have . failed to > make any
showing under the examinations imposed,
and consequently have had their places
jeopardized and sometimes made vacant-
There was a suit of a somewhat similar
nature tried before Judge Cook some time
ago. but it sought to throw out the com
mission Itself by the same method— that
of complaining that its expenditures were
not sanctioned by law. In the suit filed
yesterday, however, the aim Is not to
have the commission declared an illegal
body, but to limit its Jurisdiction, taking
it away altogether from the Btrictly
county offices and limiting it to the filling
of future vacancies in the municipal of
fices. The. last contention is a little com
plicated. It is claimed that when the
Civil Service Commission came into ex
istence it found in office a number of em
ployes who were presumably competent;
that it did not remove them and could not
remove them because the commission did
cot appoint them; and further that they
may hold office until the heads of their
particular departments see fit to remove
them.
These last two contentions are in the
complaint only by Implication. The case
Itself Is based solely upon the immunity
of the county offices. Starting with the
Idea that charters can do no more than
the Legislature allows them to do, the
plaintiff's attorneys find that the consti-
WOULD CIRCUMSCRIBE THE
POWER OF CIVIL SERVICE
Suit to Prevent Examination of Em
ployes in County Offices.
election of county officers, and to desig
nate the number of their deputies or em
ployes and the compensation of these em
ployes, but that is as far as it goes.
There is no mention made of how these
employes shall be appointed, and so In
formation is sought in another part of the
constitution which directs that the em
ployes of a department shall be appoint
ed by the head of that department in
county offices, and that the appointing
power shall be the removing power. That
is the gist of the case.
The suit is the result of an agitation
among all the employes of the hall. Gar
ber. Creswell and Garber, and George D.
Squires and J. C. Campbell are attorneys
in the case.
An application for a temporary injunc
tion restraining tho payment of any more
money on the examination of employes in
county offices was made before Judge
Bahrs. He granted the temporary -writ
and made it returnable before Judge Heb
bard, before whom the cas« will be tried
on the 19th inst. ,
Late yesterday afternoon the Board of
Civil Service Commissioners was Berved
with the temporary order, which will re
strain It from holding examinations as
advertised for clerks in the offices of tho
Assessor, County Clerk, Sheriff, Recorder
and Coroner. The Commissioners held a
meeting last night and a resolution was
adopted recognizing the service of the re
straining order and postponing the exam
inations for clerks in the offices men
tioned. The examination for Assessor's
deputies was set for this afternoon. The
next examination ¦will be that for expe
rienced clerks in the Board of Public
Works, on next Friday afternoon in the
Girls' High School.
On account of the issuance of the re
straining order the Commissioners will
not employ at the present time the three
clerks which the Supervisors authorized
them to employ to j carry on the work of
the examinations scheduled. V-l';:7
my and fe!l to the pround. •while the other
dashed directly onto the car. Three pas
sengers were penned in between the pair
of horses. Mrs. Goodman occupied the
front seat, and the tonprue of the wason
Ftruck her on the knee, badly injuring it.
She was taken out of the wreck uncon
scious. A man named Lewis, who resides
on I^ne street, was knocked to the
ground, but escaped without serious in
jury.
J. A- Tiarnus was caught beneath the
FtrujrslinK animal- After he wag released
he fourd he coiild not move. He was im
mediately taker, into the store of the
"Western Drug Company and everything
possible was done to relieve him. It •was
found that his left leg had been fractured
below the knee and his right hip dislo
cated. He vrai later removed to his home.
Th«i runaway team was owned by Levin
Brothers, the Market street grocers, and
•was driven by Ed HafketL Hackett left
the horses standing in front of a residence
on Buchanan street some blocks above
•where the accident occurred whJle he was
delivering an order. During his absence
the animals took fright. The wagon was
badly wrecked and the side of the car will
need considerable repairing.
James A. Barnus and Sirs. T. Good
man Hurt in a Thrilling Acci
dent at McAllister and
Buchanan Streets.
?
A team of maddened horses attached to
«. heavy delivery wagon dashed upon a
McAllister ctree: car at the crossing of
Buchanan yesterday afternoon, injuring
two persons and causing serious damage
to both car and wagon. The accident was
thrilling In the extreme and the expe
rience will never be forgotten by the pas
peng-ers who were on the car at the time.
That all of them escaped death i» regard
ed only as a miracle. One of the horses
was caught untfer the car fender and the
ether crashed Jr.to the side of the dummy
did almoFt over it.
James A. Raxnus, formerly the manager
rf the Manhattan Typewriter Company,
and an Inventor, residing at 2676 McAllis
ter street, and Mrs. F. Goodman of 1030
McAllister street were severely injured,
end several other passengers suffered
from minor bruises and the shock.
Shortly after 4 o'clock McAllister street
car No. 2S5, in charge of Gripman P.
Carey, started to cross Buchanan street,
groins west. The car was crowded with
passengers, many of whom sat on the
dummy. As the car reached the lower
crossing the passengers on the right side
•were terrified to Fee a team of driverless
horses swiftly hearing down upon them.
The gripman quickly released his grip
from the rope and tighted his brakes.
Several passengers attempted to leap to
the ground, -while others remained In their
peats, powerless from terror. •
H. Caro, manager for the Western
Towel Company, was seated on the oppo-
F5te side of the dummy. Like a fla^h he
realized the danger and reaching across
oa-JKkt a woman and dragged her out of
danper. Another woman dropped her
baby at the frripman's feet, then fainted.
Despite the efforts of Carey, who stood
travely at his post, the accident could not
be averred. The maddened animals were
•upon the car almost in an instant. One
of them cleared the fore part of the dum-
Two Passengers Injured by
Pair of Maddened
Horses.
RUNAWAY TEAM
COLLIDES WITH
A STREETCAR
The Orpheum has a more than usually
good programme this week, teeming not
only with quality but with novelty.
Everhart, billed as "the hoop-rolling
marvel and Juggler," is all the black
typed bills proclaim him to-be. : His work
is wondrously - clever • and - there is cer
tainly no disputing his dexterity. Tom
Nawn and company have a very clever
sketch, entitled. "Pat and the Genie,"
that combines clever construction and wit
and fun, . a combination seldom mef 1 •with
on the vaudeville stage.
Eddie Girard and Jessie Gardner In their
skit, "The Soubrette and the Cop," and
the "Wills ¦ troupe of instrumental • artists
complete the novelties of the week.
Camille d' Arville is still • on the pro-
Orpheum.
THERE is some good music (by Ju
lian Edwards) and there are some
beautiful spectacular effects (by
Frank Dodge) wasted upon Whit
ney and Knowles* production of
"Quo Vadls," given at the Columbia The
ater last night. Let us add that Mason
Mitchell (Petronlus) Is an excellent actor,
and we have said about all of good that
It Is possible to.say concerning the^ horri
ble farrago drawn from Sienkiewlcz's hor
riblo novel.
The play is a melodrama of the cheap
est and crudest kind, based upon an ap
peal to the Igrnorance of those who get
their history from third-rate authorities
and who take their God, with Kipling's
Tomllnson, from a printed book. It is
Irreligious and Immoral throughout, for
the characters with whom you are ex
pected to,sympathize are constantly talk
ing about a divinity who could prevent
Christians from beins impaled like Malay
fireflies, but who doesn't.
One might fill a column detailing the
horrors that are in this play and that
should not be there. To mention only a
few: "We have . an attempted seduction,
drunken men and women pulling one an
other around the stage, roaring lions and
unwashed noblemen. Among the farcical
elements (Intended to be serious) we have
a Christian pauper walking Into the Em
peror's palace as If he were a welcome
guest; a Pretorian guard .that doesn't
move a finger while its captain is being
murdered by an unarmed Christian, and
an Empress who proclaims In stentorian
tones to a roomful of people the details
of a conspiracy she is hatching.
But of all the absurdities in the play, the
most absurd is the ending. This could
eaBily have been made convincing if Vinl
cius had been allowed to stab Nero, as he
was on the point of doing. Instead of
this we are asked to believe that Nero,
after being momentarily frightened into
forgiving his enemies, will allow them to
retire to Sicily, where they are to live
happily ever afterward.
The fact is that the Jurisdiction of a
Raman Emperor ¦was the known world
and in no part of it. from the Rhine to
the Indies, could a subject of his live hap
pily or live at all if the Emperor wished
him to die. The only alternative was to
kill the Emperor, and that is Just what a
man In Vinidus* position would have
done. Had he done this, though, he would
have acted like a rational human being
and would therefore have been out of
keening with the other characters of the
play. L. DUPONT STLE.
'TVe-uns of Tennessee." in spite of its
lack of unity and other defects that glare
in the dramatic eye. is so full of humanity
and so rich In patriotic sentiment that it
has proved to be a success and has thus
confounded the critics. The second weeK
-of the production of this sketch-for It
cannot be called "picture"— of the Sunny
South amid the stirring times of the
Spanish war bids fair to rival the first
in popularity, if last night's attendance
Alcazax.
Donizetti'fl tragic opera, "Lucia dl
Lamniennoor," was reproduced at the
Tivoli Opera-house laat night to an audi
ence that was enthuaiastlc in the extreme
Slgnorina Italia Vittorlo rtepetto was
Lucy; Blgnor Domenlco Russo. Edgar-
Sig-nor Gulseppe Ferrari. Henry Ashton'
and Slgnor Alessandro Nlcolinl. Raymond
They were all in splendid voice and^t the
close of each act were several times called
before the curtain. Slgnorina Repetto
after her brilliant performance In the mad
scene, was recalled six times. Not the
least notable feature was a harp solo by
Mme. Marquardt, which had to Be repeat
ed. .To-night the tragic 'opera, • i Th¥jew-
S?Vh.^il«5f 1 Kt sented for !*• fl «t tfme
at the Tivoli with apowertul cast Includ
ing Signer Luigi Eucente, the famous
basso profundo. who will niake his iSffi
appearance.i^S»i " uuai
Tivoli.
The constant change of programme that
the Azzali management has been 'com
pelled to make Is a lively annoyance to
all concerned— artists, public and manage
ment also, and to a certain extent It ab
solves the public , from the duty of sud
porting so uncertain a quantity. But what
of the artists in such a care and entirely
worthy, clever folk as these Azzali sing
ers have shown themselves to be? It's «
nice question. They have done 111 In not
presenting some of the promised novel
ties of their repertoire, of thirty-five
operas, 'La Boheme," for example, and
others unfamiliar here, but It Is granted
that circumstances have been cruelly
against them throughout the whole en
gagement.
To-night a good house seems assured
lor the Faust performance with Tur
conl-Eruni as Marguerite.
At the California Theater the last
¦week's success. "Traviata," with Nice
Barbareschl as Violetta, was again suns
before an indifferently good house. The
slngrers did their best under the dispirit
ing circumstances, but 'twas a melan
choly performance. Applause ts the very
breath to the nostrils of the Italian-ar
tist, and though the singers' efforts were
well appreciated by the small audience
there was lacking the ewlng and Incense
of the familiar "bravas." the inspiration
of (he appreciative "Bis!" "Poco!" "Fe
lice!" and the lovely Italian rest of it.
The sentimental woes of the Italianized
"Camille" did not appeal to the Latin
quarter and Pietro and Tessa. Giovanni
and Lucrezia were mending their nets
last night or tending the brown bam
binos. Perhaps It was because they were
denied the announced delight of enjoying
the busy tragedy of. "Norma'Vnot a few
were disappointed in this latest switch
ing of the bill and "Norma" Is almost a
novelty here. ;
California.
gramme, and has yet another week be
fore she says good- by to the stage.
GLAUCUS. VINICIUS AND LYGIA IN ONE OP TIIE STRIKING SCENES
IN "QUO VADIS" AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER. THE PRODUC
TION IS ELABORATELY STAGED. . .V: .J> .'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1900.
NEW ART TREASURE
FOR PARK MUSEUM
12
JSt \.^Z_Gt>O& GOOt*£**^
flannelette?, 27 inches wide— the soft, fleecy- kind— pretty
pink, blues and dark colorings — a much better quality than you
would naturally expect for, per j'ard .' 10c
100 pieces flannelette, heavy quality, striped patterns. Hcrht
colorings — per yard "* l-2c
of course it's only a small price^ — but for the price we are
convinced there is nothing better than our 27-inch flannelette;—
light grounds, with pink or blue stripes, at, per yard 5c
new imported French flannels, in a large variety of beautiful
and exclusive patterns and colorings, designs that are elegant 1.1
the extreme. GOc and To c yard
50 pieces new wrapptr flannels— all wool — dark colors-
plaids and stripes suitable for wrappers and sacques. seldom one
finds so clever an assortment — such happy combinations °* col-
orings, styles and quality— per yard ••¦ 4OC
75 pieces imported German cotton flannels, 27 inches wide
— a collection that in patterns and colorings we are proud of and
should like to show you — suitable for sacques and wrappers-—
per j'ard • ""* c
cotton wrapper flannels, 27 inches wide — pretty coloringsjn
stripes, plaids and dots— a real Hale value at, per yard 15e
we had the new store and the new store's in-
i creased requirements strongly in mind when some
months ago we placed with several of the leading
mills important advance orders for flannels and flan-
nelettes, how well and true we ordered will be quite
evident to you when you see the great collection of
charmingly artistic patterns and beautiful, dainty col-
orings — and we fully believe the prices no less than
the goods will incite your interest.
first floor — first aisle.
a superior showing of
flannels and flannelettes.
•- „ v - -•....-..; ' ¦ . -^^^
........ X3. 16, 20 and 24cts
Jardinieres and Cuspidors
Cnspldores.io, 25 and 33 eta
Jardinieres _
.- .. 15. 23, 27, 33,40, 5O Ct«
Ware
illxlntr Howls, 4-6-8-i2-i6ct»
Balclnsr Disti— 4 l«ch. .,..4 ct»
Batins i»lsh-*> Inch 6cts
Baking DlsJi-7 Inch Sets
Baking Ul.+h—S Inch ....x2ct»
Rebecca Tea Pots
APVEBTISETVrrTNTS.
• - . ¦ ¦/¦. •
'Big Sale.
Yellow and Rockingham
"We are Cutting Pricea
all to pieces miring Our
Rig: Clearance Sale.
53 .Market st. junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
Great i^OTliarlinj.'ftaGi
HO Grant are.. t*t- Sutter and Post ita.
Ml Market St.. ODD. Po\rell.
First voters' rally at Metropolitan Tem-
ple to-night. •
If ron travel, fish, hunt - or play ' rolf . your
constant - companion should b« Jeww Moor*.
If you rent an ordinary piano at
$4 a month and keep it for five years,
you w31 have paid $240 and at the
end own no piano.
If you rent a fair piano at $3 a
month and keep it for five years, you
will have paid $300 and at the end
own no piano.
But -if you get a good brand new
piano (guaranteed by the manufac-
turers), valued at $300. from Sher-
man, Clay & Co. on their new rent
contract plan, and pay $6 a month
for 62 months, you will have paM
$375 a pd at end of that time the
piano is j-ours.
Don't you think it better to pay
$1.25 a month for the use of the
piano- than $3, $4 or S5? 3EkI
Note — For obvious reasons the
sale of pianos on this new rent con-
tract plan is confined to the cities and
suburbs where the stores are located.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Cor. Kearnjr and Sutter ete.. 8. F.
Cor. "i2iU and Broadway, Oakland.
Cor. Zd and . Morrison tts.. Portland.
711 Second arc. Seattle.
If you rent a poor piano at $.1 .1
month and keep it for five years, you
will have paid $180 and at the end
own no piano.
plan for
Pianos
contract
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
new rent
Trunks A traveling b&gs. Before buying see
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., 128 Ellis.*
Ladies' tailor-made suits. 6ilk skirt*, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Ilmhschi'.d. £26 Sutter. •
P. ROHCOE Mc\CLTT, M.D.
86 H Kearnyst* Han Francisco, Cai,
DR.MCNULTY.
n'HISWEfX-K>'OWN A2TDRELIABI.K OLD
L Specialist em-e» Blood Poison. <;onorrhren,G:<»rt,
Ntrictare, H*mlnal Weakness, Impotence »nd their
allied Disorders. Hook on Di««wes of Men, ir«a.
OTerI0Te«r*Vxp«r<ei>ce.Ternnrra.w>nable.Hour'«,
Dto3da!ly:6:30to3.30ev'R*.Sand:»v*,10talX C»n:s:il.
tetionfreeandaacredJr confidential. Call of addruss
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hole's.