A lisoing baby lister has many times been beaten down beneath his
blows and saved from death only by instant action, while h« *tood apart
In the face of superior strength and with maniacal shrieks of laughter
gloated over his brutish deed. From torturing his baby plater when for a
moment the eyes of parents or guardians were turned from him, he would
assault any living thing before him. Deprived of this means of gratifying
his abnormal tendencies, he would inflict cruel injuries upon himself. This
mad baby would drive his skull against a granite pillar with apparent im
pur.'.ty, only to again hurl him?elf head roremost to the floor or pavement
and end his paroxysm with a burst of sobbing laughter— the laughter of a
maniac. ___
scientists say, arr.rng the raving imbeciles of his kind. There is
no other place on earth for tiny Montee Ledderhos. Though of shuffling,
unsteady gait, without u?e of tongue or sign, his diminutive but sinewy
body 1? over alert to obey the mandates cf his distorted brain. Scheming
and cver an ally to death, he is a menace to the public safety, small as he
is, while he is outside of prison bars.
A MERE baby wil'. be committed to the madhouse by Judge
William P. Lav.-lor to-day. A commitment consigning Montee
Ijt-dcierrioF, a toridlmg youngster 4 years of age. to the asylum
for the insane at Napa was drawn up In the office of the County
Clerk yesterday morning. The signature and seal of the court
will be affixed to-day and the child, perhaps in the arms of a
guard, will be carried from his home to dwell until death, the"
"The asylum for the insane is plainly the place for him. HI3 mania is
to destroy, to kill and to maim . himself. There is no doubj that he will
be a source of endless worry to the management of the Napa Asylum, and
I fear that the trouble he will cause may result- in a demand being made
that he be discharged from that Institution and committed to the Home for
the Feeble-minded. Though there is no doubt that the ; Home for the
Feeble-minded is better fitted for the care of such 1 youngsters — or rather
simple-minded youngsters— in my opinion the only safe place to keep him
is in the asylum. His mania at any moment might cause him to seek"
gratification . among tho helpless Inmates of the Home, for the Feeble
minded, and even though he may be the source of endless worry to the
Insane Asylurr) His Proper flbode.
. "The child Is plainly insane. He cannot be classed among the simple
minded. Simple-minded patients are commonly divided into three classes —
idiots, imbeciles and cretins. The line of demarcation between the three
degrees Is; however, only relative. The idiot Is the person absolutely bereft
of intelligence, and tho other two ascend the scale.' The difference between
a simple-minded person and an Insane person Is plain. The so-called simple
minded person, who comes within the three degrees named, is usually, or
most always, to be more correct, congenitally so. In his case there is a
deficiency in the brain. He was never gifted with full mental capacity, and
his advance or the opposite would not find him another place on the mental
scale. Insanity, in the strict sensa of the term, is usually acquired through
injury or abuse of nature. The term insanity presupposes that the patient
up to the time of, the affliction was the possessor of a normal mind, but
that disease, injury or abuse disorganized its functions. These latter con
ditions are manifested by this baby patient. I have gathered from the
clinical history of the case that both the lad's father and mother were
nornial people of sound intelligence. .The story of the lad's injury when an
infant, the result of a fall from a hammock, has also been made known to
me, as well as the fact of his subsequent fever or measles, which is
usually accompanied by fever. . Doubtless the child's insanity was caused
by. the fall, aided perhaps by the fever, but from ray examination. of him,
being assisted with such meager details of his life, I am unable to assign
the exact cause of his condition.
After completing his examination Dr. Lustig said:
Her health broken from long and constant •worry and watching, the
lad's mother, when all hope had gone, gave up to her illness. Her hus
band, Theodore Ledderhos, had her removed from their home, 2501% Lar
kln street, to St. Winifred's Hospital. There she will undergo an opera
tion in the hope that her life may be saved, but a doubt hangs upon the
hope. After, her removal to the hospital Master Ledderhos was taken in
charge by Mrs. Barbee.- His constant attempts to commit murder and to
end his own existence by, butting his abnormal skull against harder sub
stances finally caused .her' husband to make the complaint on which he
was taken before the Insanity Commission.
appeared on the plate. This was the cause of the child's insanity. The
dark spot marked where the skull had thickened from the wound received
in infancy, and behind it the dim traces of degenerated brain tissue and
blood clots could be discerned. To remove the cause of the lad's insanity
would be to kill him. A large and vital portion of the brain was involved,
and to lift from it the bony cover that is bearing down so cruelly upon
it would only serve to free the blood vessels that long ago degenerated
under the pressure, and almost instant death, so the physicians say, would
be the reward of their labors. L ' ! :• '¦:'.
Upon this clinical history, of -the case the physicians of the College of
Osteopathy decided that a radiograph— an X -ray photo— of the child's
skull should be taken as preliminary to an operation, if such was found
to be reasonably certain of successful result. The baby patient was taken
to the laboratory of E. Fleischman, 611 Sutter street, and subjected to the
ray. The result was marvelous :rom tho standpoint of the radiographer,
but it extinguished the last spark of hope that remained in the _ minds
of the child's parents. Just at the base of the skull a large dark spot
fin Operation Would Mean Death-
Baby Ledderhos has been an enigma to the physicians of this city
since he was four months old. Recently he was treatc/3 by Dr. C. N. Mil
ler. That physician passed the case by a3 hopeless. Physician after phy
sician was consulted In the hope that at least the child's brutal habits
might be corrected. Dr. Louise Heilbron, who is now a resident of San
Diego, was tho last to attempt to relieve the child. She had the youngster
removed to the California College of Osteopathy. There it was decided
that the lad's insanity was congenital — from birth — but was perhaps aggra
vated by the existence of pressure on the brain from a wound jreceived
some time in infancy. The child's parents remembered a falKthe lad
received when but four months of age. He was left in a hammock sleeping
one day, when a playful youngster ran against the hammock. The baby
was thrown out and struck in tho bed of a little creek on the back of his
head. From that day his health began to wane. Finally he was taken
with j> fever. For weeks he hovered between life and death, and then
began to improve. But along with the light of health in his eyes there
came the flash of insanity. As a baby of eight months there was upper
most in his mind a passion for brutal things. Anything he could lay his
dimpled baby hands upon he would crush or hurl to the floor. This de
structive temperament developed with his months until the taking of life
seemed to be the aim of his existence.
Judge Lawlor said that if Dr. Rethers, who is acting with Dr. Lustig
on the commission, would agree that the child was not simple-minded. but
insane he would sign a commitment consigning him to the' Napa Insane
Asylum for treatment. Dr. Rothers was called upon to make an ex
amination of th« child. He immediately pronounced the lad insane, and
with Dr. Lustig: signed the certificate setting forth the nature' of the
chTTd's malady. This preliminary disposed of, the commitment was drawn
up. The little patient was led back to Mrs. Barbee's home to await the
coming of the Sheriff, who will take him to the asylum. The commitment
will be presented to Judge Lawlor this morning. His signature will be
aflixed and Jlttlc Montee Ledderhos will leave his birthplace to go to/ the
home where in all probability the remaining years of his life will be
passed. . '
J. W. Earbee, who affixed his name to the warrant upon which the
child was arrested, was called to the stand. He testified that for over three
years the child's parents had labored in vain to develop the child's
morality. He was vicious, destructive, murderous and brutal, the witness
said. A email fortune had been expended on him in an effort to secure
relief, but without result. Even the lad's mother had despaired of effect
ing a cure, lie said, and the safety of the child's relatives as well as the
public demanded that he be deprived of the power to do wrong.
Commission to give his views of the case. Dr. Lustig said that the case
was plainly one of insanity and r.ot simple-mindedness. The lad, in his
opinion, he paid, should be committed to the asylum for the insane.
MOXTEE LEDDERHOS, THE BABY MANIAC. AND AN X-RAY OF HI S SKULL. THE DARK SPOT WITHIN THE WHITE CIRCLE AT THE BASE
OF THE SKULL SHOWS THE SEAT OF AN INJURY WHICH PRESUMABLY CAUSED HIS INSANITY. THE RADIOGRAPH, WHICH WAS MADE BY
E. FLEISCHMAN. IS REMARKABLE FOR CLEARNESS AND DETAIL. THE YOUNGSTER'S BACK MOLARS. NOT YET THROUGH THE GUM,
BUDDING AS IT WERE, CAN BE PLAINLY SEEN. THE TINY PATIENT'S SKULL IS ABNORMAL BOTH IN SIZE AND FORMATION.
Physicians Are Unable
to Even Suggest a •
Remedy.
Hat Pin Was Favorite
Weapon Wlien He
Was Angry.
A Fall In Infancy Is
Assigned as Cause
of Malady.
Infant Sister Victim
of His Brutish
Assaults.
Tiny Montee Ledierlios,
Four Years of Age,
Is Insane.
An Assassin at Heart,
¦ He Seeks Lives of
Relatives.
MERE BABY ADJUDGED A MANIAC AND WILL BE
CURBED IN HIS MURDEROUS TENDENCIES AFTER BEING
COMMITTED TO THE INSANE ASYLUM AT NAPA
Montee Ledderhos, though but four,
years of age, has been adjudged a maniac by
the Insanity Commission. He will be com
mitted to the Asylum for the Insane at Napa
by Judge William P. Lazvlor to-day. The
youngster is t)ic son of Mr. and Mrs. Theo
dore Ledderhos, who reside at 2501 1-2 Lar
kin street. Whai the child was but a fezv
months old he suffered a fall from a ham
mock. He fell in the bed of a creek and it is
bclicz'cd so seriously injured the base of his
brain at that time tJiat his present insanity
may be attributed to the accident. Members
of the Insanity Commission zvho examined
him, however, arc unable at this time, owing
partly to the absence of a detailed clinical his
tory of the case, to advance a positive opinion
as to the cause of his malady. Since the
child's injury he has been constantly under
the care of physicians. 'Everything known to
medical science zvhich zvas zvithin the pozver
of his parents' limited means to procure zvas
tried in the hope of at least relieving, even
though a complete cure zvas impossible, the
sufferings of their baby. All efforts to aid
him haz'c been futile, herzvever, and the fight to
secure his commitment to an asylum has just
been won. In all probability the remainder of
his years on earth zvill be passed behind the
bars of a madhouse.
Homicidal and suicidal mania have
caused Montee Ledderhos' relatives to seek his
imprisonment. Without provocation he will
assault any lii'ing creature zvithin his reach.
His favorite weapon is a hatpin, but zvithout
one he is equally dangerous. Deprived of the
opportunity to gratify his lust for murder the
tiny maniac zvill cruelly injure himself. But
ting into stone pillars and throzving himself
head foremost to the pavement are common
practices zvith him, and unless closely zvatched '
he zcill continue battering himself until uncon
sciousness comes. His brutal and murder
ous treatment of his baby sister is past under
standing. He zvould frequently assault her
zvithout zvarning, and zvhen stopped by pa
rents or guardian would conclude his par
oxysm of rage zvith bursts of screaming and
laughter. From infancy he was of destruc
tive disposition, and this tendency gradually
dcz'cloped until he is more brute than human.
He will throw anything that comes into his
hands at any one zvho is near at the time.
Since his birth he has not spoken, but endea
vors to express himself by means of unintel
ligible noises. His murderous inclinations
prcz'entcd his admission into the Asylum for
the Feeble-minded, and in the absence of a bet
ter remedy or safer home he zvill be com
mitted to the asylum.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 128.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1900.
price rrvE cents.
"His skull i3 most peculiar in formation. What I would call knots
stick out all over his head, except the forehead, which recedes and Is low.
He refuses to walk steadily alone and constantly throws himself head
foremost to the pavement. For this reason it is always necessary that
two persons accompany him— one on each side to support him — If. Indeed,
they are not called upon to defend the passers-by. During his life he haa
never spoken a word. His language is an incoherent jargon and Is punc
tuated with devilish screams that freeze one's blood. His commitment to
the asylum will save those who now keep him perhaps from a fate as
pitiable as that which has befallen his mother. Th«re may yet be a
chance to save him from death in the asylum: It would be better that It
occur on the operating table when scientists are bending over him seeking
•to dispel the cloud that darkens his mind."
'.'He will sneak up behind an Intended victim and without warning will
inflict what injury he can. Hatpins are a favorite and dangerous weapon in
his hands. He will stab and slash at any one who attempts to interfere
with him. Great caution must be used In approaching him. for no one caa
tell what weapon he may have concealed in his hand.
"He was always brutal in his habits. Frequently, when he was not
watched, he would steal upon his baby sister, grasp her by the hair and
hurl her to the floor. Then he would attempt to stamp out her life, anrt
more than once her tiny neck has borne the imprint of hi3 heels. Again.
he would strike her and hurl anything he could get hold of In an evident
hope of maiming her. Only the day before yesterday he assaulted his
father. "Without a word of warning he picked up a stove-lifter and hurled
it with all of his maniacal strength. The iron missile struck his father
on the chest and Inflicted a painful wound. Had Mr. Ledderhos been
struck on the head the result would have been serious. "When sitting at
the table, without warning he will grasp the cloth and hurl the dishes
to the floor. Those that remain unbroken he will break if the opportunity
Is afforded him. Curbed In his desire, he will work himself into a frenzy
and then can only be cared for by main force, and It takes considerable to
handle him.
Always Brutal In His habits.
"Ever since he was Injured when an infant Montee has been Incor
rigible," said Mr. Kaeintz yesterday. "I was to have testified as to hla
actions before the Insanity Commissioners to-day, but I was so busy" that
I could not get there. If any more testimony la needed, however, I will be
glad to go. The little fellow should have been In the asylum long ago.
Though the doctors say he' Is hopelessly Insane, I am of opinion that ha
would not have been as bad as he is had he been placed in the asylum,
wfiere he could have received proper attention, two years ago. Though
his mind is disorganized, he has sufficient left to profit by the leniency
of his parents, who were wont to gratify his every desire when by some
peculiar action on his part they knew that he had a desire to gratify.
Though he Is? not a medical expert, Kmanuel Kaeintz. who resides at S
Golden place, shares the opinion advanced by Drs. Lustig and Rethers.
Kaeintz is an uncle of the unfortunate child who is about to be committed
to the madhouse. With the rest of the child's relatives, he had long hoped
that pome relief for the baby's awful malady might be found. Even now
ho has hopes that when the youngster grows stronger, if the fates so
decree, an operation may be performed with successful results.
asylum officials, for humanity's sake he should be allowed to remain there
until the end."
Early yesterday morning the lad was taken before Judge Lawlor for
examination. His aunt. Mr?. J. \V. Earbee. who has been keeping the ehiM
with h«r at ZZ1? Lombard street, assisted by a friend, led the child into
court. E>r. D. D. Lustig was called upon as a member of the Insanity
Formal y Declared to Bz Inscn:.
Cver two years ago the attention cf the California Society for the
Prevtntlrn of Cruelty to Children was called to the strange condition of
this lad's mind. The mother, wearied of her efforts to stay the homicidal
and fuicidal ;rndcr.cie3 of her rhild. Fought the a'id of the society in an
effort to plac; him in the Home for the Feeble-minded. Ledderhos was
tafcen tofere the directors of this Institution, but they rejected him. They
caid there was no room, but other children entered dally. The courts were
appealed to, but orders for his commitment to the home were regularly
evaded. F"or ivo y«*ars the ft£ht between the California Society, the courts
and tJie fllrectoni cf the Home for the Feeble-minded was carried on.
Finally the society was forced to pursue a different line of proceeding.
The fact that the lad wan not focble-minded, but was the possessor of a
mind of normal strength but hopele?sly disorganized, became generally
known ar.d the asylum for the Insane alone remained as a refuge for him.
In Napa Asylum, however, his jangled mind may take full sway, but by
to-night that institution may harbor a scene unparalleled throughout these
fr.lsed States— tb« s=eene of a baby boy, his tiny arms he'.d fast in leathern
p'raps, pacing the floor of an asylum cell with no one but himself on whom
to vent his lust for murder. His mother, ill perhaps unto death, the result
cf worry over hrr baby's terrible affliction, is lying in St. Winifred's Hos
pital. Her husband and friends have despaired of her life and say th6
hour of her knowledge thnt her boy has gone to live behind the bars of an
uytma wfll be the hour of her death, unless they can nurse her back to
health before she learns the truth.
The San Francisco Call.Papeete the Beautiful.
Those who are fond of traveling (and who Is
not) will hail with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming land
has until now been accessible only by slow
sailing vessels, but on November 1st the popu
lar steamship, Australia will sail direct, mak
ing the trip in 10U days. A reduced round
trip rate has been made for th» first trip. Call
at C43 Market street for sailine list. •
ANDERSON, Ind., Oct. 5.— The
meeting which closed here at 10
o'clock to-night was the last of a
series of remarkably large politl
i cal demonstrations made in con
nection with the appearance of William
J. Bryan in Indiana. Mr. Bryan left In
! dianapolis early this morning with the in-
I tention of visiting during the day as
j many places as possible in what is known
! as the eas belt of the State and in pursu
ance of that purpose he almost circled J^he
city of Indianapolis, visiting no fewer
j than nine counties and making an even
I dozen speeches. The speeches were made
j in succession at Noblesville, Arcadia, Tip
i ton, Klwood, Alexandria, Marion. Hart
j ford City, Muncie, Winchester, Richmond,
I Newcastle and Anderson. •
j A majority of these places are impor
| tant manufacturing centers and all the
i communities traversed are considered Re
| publican in politics. They could not, how
; ever, have given the Democratic, candi-
I date a more cordial reception than was
j extended if the sentiment had been pro
i nouncedly for him. There were immense
| outpourings at all the towns visited and
I no interruptions indicating pronounced
! opposition occurred. On the contrary,
there was at most places much enthusi
asm by Mr. Bryan's supporters, and after
i the last speech was concluded he ex
pressed himself as greatly pleased, with
| the day's experience. The speeches aver
i aged half an hour in duration, though the
Anderson speech was much longer, and
most of them were made either from the
car platform or from stands erected in
: the vicinity of the stopping places. In
one or two instances Mr. Bryan refused
to go to distant stands because of the
difficulty of getting through the crowds
and the loss of time. Trusts formed the
eubject of most of the speeches of the
day, but at Richmond Mr. Bryan devoted
all his time to imperialism.
The presiding officer at the Richmond
meeting was Henry U. Johnson, formerly
a prominent member of Congress, and
until recently a pronounced Republican.
Mr. Bryan said that imperialism is not
a prophecy but history, and said that we
were taxing the Porto Ricans without
giving them representation.
"Your own President," said Mr. Bryan,
"said it was our 'plain duty' to give free
trade to Porto Rico, and your own mem
ber of Congress (Mr. Watson) was op
posed to the Porto Rican bill until the
President called him to the White House
and begged him to vote for the bill and
asked him to do it, not for the sake of
duty, but for the sake of party harmony.
Republicans, in the game of Republican
politics, party harmony is a higher card
than 'plain duty.' I want to ask you if
you are prepared to surrender everything
for party harmony,"
Mr. Bryan continued: "I confess that
It is hard for me to be parliamentary in
my language when I think of men far re
moved from danger who are not exposing
their own bodies to the hardships of war,
who are speculating on how much trade
can be purchased with some mother's son.
Republicans, if you want to buy trade
with human blood go and buy it with your
own blood and don't send other people's
children there.
"Republicans, you prate about the na
tion's destiny. Do you want this nation to
be a bully and a braggart? Do you want
this nation to go out seeking weaker na
tions to subdue and hold jn vassalage?"
While Mr. Bryan was speaking at
Marion Borne one in the audience askeJ
in regard to the North Carolina negro
vote.
Mr. Bryan said: "My friend, I am glad
that you asked me that; I am prepared
for you. Now, I am going to assume that
the Republican who asked the question
is an honest man. I am going to ask him
about the constitution of the Republican
State of Oregon. I. will read a provision
of that constitution. It says:
" 'Section 35— No free negro or mulatto
not residing in this State at the time of
th% adoption of this constitution shall
come, reside, or be within this State, hold
any real estate or make any contract or
maintain any such therein, and the legis
lative assembly shall provide by . penal
laws for the removal' by public ofllcers of
all such negroes and mulattoes and for
their effectual exclusion from the State
and for the punishment of -persons who
shall bring them into the State or em
ploy or harbor them.'
"That amendment was adopted before
Oemocratac Camdiidate for Presadeinit Appears Before
1 Many Republicans lo Gas Belt.
where stops were made.
Two immense meetings were addressed
by Governor Roosevelt to-night, one at
; Davenport, Iowa, and the other at Rock
Island, III.
The train arrived at Davenport at 8
o'clock, somewhat behind time. The Gov
ernor and his party were driven to a tent
in the western limits of the city, where
an immense meeting was held and where
he spoke for thirty minutes.
Immediately upon the conclusion of his
remarks at that place he was driven to
Rock Island, where a great stroet parade
was moving. Immense numbers of people
lined the streets on all sides and the Gov
ernor's carriage was driven for several
miles through the shouting populace. It
was half past nine before he reached the
stand to talk. lie spoke for not more
than twenty minutes.
At the Davenport meting Governor
Roosevelt made the principal address of
the day. He spoke along familiar lines,
1 He referred to what he said about the
plan of the Democratic campaign to
ignore tho silver issue in the i2ast and
said:
"Now distrust any party, distrust any
body of men who dare not tell you how
they stand on the great questions before
the people. Distrust them and especially
if they stand one way in one part of the
Union and another way in another part
of the Union. Now we are for tho gold
standard. "We are for the gold standard
on the Pacific Coast and in the "Valley of
the Mississippi or anywhere else. We are
straight for tho gold standard."
WATERLOO, Iowa, Oct. 5.— A great
demonstration was held here to-day In
honor of Governor Roosevelt, who arrived
here from his trip through Nebraska. An
hour's stop was made, which gave the
Governor timo before the speaking began
to drive through the city and partake ot
a luncheon with General David B. Hen
derson, Speaker of the national House of
Representatives, who joined the party
here. General Shaw also joined the party.
A platform had been erected in the City
Park, where the speaking occurred this
afternoon. A large crowd was present,
including many strangers from the sur
rounding towns. At the conclusion of
Governor Roosevelt's address United
States Senator Dolliver and General Cur
tis Guild Jr. of Boston also made speeches.
DAVENPORT, Iowa, Oct. 5.— The sec
ond stop of Governor Roosevelt in Iowa
to-day was made at Waterloo. Great
preparations had been made for the visit
and an Immense crowd was assembled in
the park adjacent to the station to listen
to the speaking. The meeting was ad
dressed first by Governor Roosevelt and
next by Governor Shaw of Iowa. The
day was beautiful and the demonstration
magnificent. Governor. Roosevelt said in
part: ¦ —
"I do not appeal to Iowa because Iowa
leads and the rest of us follow. Iowa
possesses that combination of honesty,
courage and common sense which makes
us follow/ and makes us safe in turning
to her in any crisis. Now, then, we are
asked to give up our material prosperity.
Why are we asked to give it up? For the
sake of turning over the Philippines to an
unspeakably cruel and an unspeakably
corrupt syndicate of Chinese halfbreeds."
"What about the trusts?" asked a voice.
"We will have to ask that an essay be
written by Mr. Croker on that subject,
and then if you would like further litera
ture on the trusts we will get Chairman
Jones 'of the Democratic National Com
mittee to write one on the cotton-bale'
trust."
The special Roosevelt train stopped at
West Liberty for the purpose of changing I
engines some time after dark to-day. The
fact becoming known about the town a
wild and enthusiastic crowd surrounded
the train and insisted on the Governor
showing himself. Governor Roosevelt ap
peared on the rear platform of the car
and greeted his audience with a few
words. A rush was then made to shake
hands and women and children became
involved in a whirlpool of humanity which
for a time promised disaster to some of
the weaker . ones. Fortunately the train
pulled dut in time to prevent accident.
the Civil War: it makes it unlawful for
a free negro to go into the State, and it
authorizes the officers to put him out.
But you say that it is old. L«t me re
mind you that last June an effort was
made to repeal that portion of the con
stitution and the effort to repeal it was
defeated although the State went Repub
i lican."
Mr. Bryan then pointed to Porto Rico
and the Sultanate of Sulu as he has dona
in former speeches.
At Hartford City Mr. Bryan found a
toxt for his remarks in some McKinley
posters conspicuously displayed on a dead
wall in the distance. Referring to these
posters, Mr. Bryan said:
I Bee over on the side of that barn a hill cr
j roster, and all that I can make out from here
Is that McKinley was right. Now,, the ques
tion 1 want to ask is, which time was he risrht?
You know, my friends, a man who is on both
sides of a question has a great advantage over
the man who is only on one side. The mar.
who gfits both sides must be rlcht some time,
but when was Mr. McKinley right— when he
denounced fJrover Cleveland's nnanclfU policy,
or when he did the same thing that Mr. Cleve
land did? Which time was he right-in 1S:«6,
¦when he said in his letter of acceptance that
we did not need more money, or this year,
when hfr boasted in his letter of acceptance
that we had more money and therefore ought
to be glad? Was he right when he said in his
letter of 18S8 that he would keep in circulation
all the silver, or when he signed the bill to
retire the greenbacks and substitute a national
bank note? AVas he right when in his inaugu
ral address he promised to enforce the law
against the trusts, or was he right when he did
not enforce the law against the trusts when he
had promised to do so?
Was he rlshi when he pointed out the evils
df the trust in his inaugural message, or was
he right when he appointed an Attorney Gen
eral from New Jersey, the home of trusts, and
allowed him to draw his salary without en
forcing the laws intrusted to his kf-epini?? Was
he right when he said in 1S:<7 that forcible an
nexation was criminal ag-gresslon and con
trary to our code of morality, or was he right
when he sent 65,000 soldiers 7000 miles away
from home to force annexation upon an un
willing people? Was he right when he said
last December that it was our "plain duty" to
give free trade to Porto Rico, or was he right
when he asked the members of Congress to
vote aealnst giving free trade to Porto Rico?
I want you Republicans to take both arguments
made by your President and then see which
argument you will accept.
There were three or. four times as many
people as could hear the speaker's voice,
the crowd extending in some distance as
much as two blocks.
The Presidential candidate then devoted
his attention to the trusts.
i?C B P' an spoke to an enormous crowd
at the fair grounds in Anderson to-night
and at the close of his address returned
to Indianapolis for the night.
ROOSEVELT'S STRENGTH WANES
Heavy Campaign Work That Is
Wearing on the Governor.
ROCK ISLAND, ¦111.. Oct. 5.-Governor
Roosevelt, who spoke in this city and
Davenport. Iowa, to-night, thus closing
another day of hard campaigning, is be
ginning to feel the effects of the arduous
work undertaken by him at the request
of the Republican managers.
Governor Roosevelt, since he began his
itinerary through the northwestern
States, has been speaking from ten to
twenty times each day, closing the day's
labor usually with a night meeting. Many
of these meetings have been in the open
air, requiring extra exertion on his part.
He has now been on this journey for
more than thirty days, and though strong
beyond the powers of most men to en
dure, he is beginning to show signs of
distress and a falling voice. He has been
worked unmercifully by the State Com
mittees ot the different States through
which he has passed. Beyond this he
has had to endure unlimited handshak
ing, Interviews without number and much
pulling and hauling by the eager but in
considerate mob which has swarmed
around him in all the cities of any con
siderable size which he has visited. If
some relief is not afforded his physical
powers he may be unable to last to the
end of the campaign. It has even -now
been suggested that all his Eastern en
gagements be postponed for one week.
This matter will be determined by the
National Committee on the arrival of
Governor Roosevelt in Chicago Saturday
night. ¦
The trip through the State of Iowa to
day has been a very satisfactory one,
large meetings being held at all points
BRYAN SPEAKS IN INDIANA AND
ROOSEVELT TOURS STATE OF IOWA
SHOOTS HER CHILDREN
ANT> COMMITS SUICIDE
Terrible Deed of a New York Woman
Driven Insane by Long
Illness.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— Mrs. Lillian
Smith of Inwood, Borough of Manhattan,
while Insane to-day shot and killed two
of her children, wounded the third, and
committed suicide. Th» dead are:
MRS. LII/L.IAX SMITH.
THEODORB SMITH, aged 8.
MABEL SMITH, aged 4.
Ethel, the 12-year-old daughter, was
shot, but will probably recover. The tra
gedy took place In the old Franklin man
sion.
Mrs. Smith was the wife of Wajter M.
Smith, who has been connected with a
large grocery house In this city for twen
ty-one years. They had been married
thirteen years. Mrs. Smith had been in
poor health of late and long brooding
over the prospect of death Is believed to
have unsettled her reason.
WTLKESBARRE. Pa.. Oct. 5.— The crisis
in the coal miners* strike seems to be ap
proaching. A well-known operator here
said yesterday that there was an under
standing at the meeting of the representa
tives of the big companies and the indi
vidual operators In this city last Tues
day. According to the understanding the
notices of Increase of wages were not to
be posted all at the same time, but grad
ually. This part of the programme has
now been carried out. The companies and
nearly all the operators are in line for a
10 per cent increase.
It is now up to President Mitchell to
decide what he Is going to do In the mat
ter. If he delays action with the idea in
view that the operators will make a bet
ter offer he is liable to delay a settlement
of the strike Indefinitely. An analysis of
the 10 per cent increase offered shows that
the average miners' wages would not b-
Increased fully 10 per cent, but It is ar
gued that it is better than nothing: that
it is a victory after all for the strikers;
that it is the entering wedge, and that if
the United Mine-workers keep their or
ganization intact they can compel the
operators to make further concessions in
the years to come.
It Is said that President Mitchell take'
this view of the situation himself. It is
known, however, that some of President
Mitchell's advisers are against a settle
ment on the 10 per cent basis.
9
EREAK AMONG THE OPERATORS.
in Hazlston District.
C. A. Fardee & Co. Start Ball Boiling
HAZLETON, Pa., Oct. 5.— The belief
prevalent here to-night that the anthra
cite coal strike is approaching an end is
considerably strengthened by the action
of the individual operators to-day in fol
lowing the lead of the big coal carrying
and coal mining railroads ,by offering a
net increase of 10 per cent in the wages of
their employes. The first break among
the individual operators in this district
¦was made to-day, when C. A. Pardee &
Co., operating the Cranberry and Crystal
Range collieries, offered their employes a
10 per cent net increase in wages and a
reduction in the price of powder of $1 50
per keg. the decrease in the price of pow
der to be taken into account in the ad
vancing of the wages. That four more
of the individual mine owners will make
the same offer is hardy doubted.
It was learned to-day that before the
advance wan made public by the Pardee
Company several of the general superin
tendents of other individual coal com
panies were invited to the Pardee Com
pany's office in this city for the purpose
of giving their views on the proposed of
fer. These reports did not say what their
companies would do. but It was learned
that the consensus of opinion was that if
the mine owners wished to keep their col
lieries in operation they would have to in
crease the wages of their men. None of
the superintendents at the meeting would
Fay anything in regard to the report that
the coal carrying roads had made con
cessions to the individual operators in the
matter of freight rates. The representa
tive of the Associated Press was told to
night by a prominent mining official, who
would positively know if the railroads had
conceded anything, that as far as he knew
the railroads had not reduced the rates
to any individual company in this region.
Prestdent Mitchell of the United Mine
Workers is much interested in the ad
vance made by the individual companies,
but would say nthing for publication. He
continues to say that the strike cannot
be settled without a convention, and that
he is waiting on the operators.
In the meantime the men now on strike,
said to number 133,000. are not wavering
under the proffered increase in wages.
In the Lackawanna and Wyoming dis
tricts not a mine is working. The condi
tions remain about the same in the Le
high Valley rearion, while jn the Schuylkill
district more men have laid down their
tools and quit.
At quitting time to-night an attack was
made on the mine workers employed in
the Lattlmer mine. About fifty men.
while being conveyed to their homes at
Hollywood in a railroad car drawn by a
mine engine, were attacked by about 100
strikers. Stones and rocks were thrown
at the men in the car, and two of the
workmen were severely cut about the
head. Sheriff Harvey, who was on the
car, ordered the engineer to stop, and as
he and a few deputies stepped from the
coach the attacking party scattered in all
directions. Two pistol shots were heard,
but which side fired them is not known.
INDIVIDUAL OPERATORS ACT.
This Is Regarded as the Beginning
of the End of the Strike.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 5.— To-day's de
cision of the individual coal operators to
offer a 10 per cent increase in wages to
the striking mine workers Is regarded
throughout the anthracite region as the
beginning of the end of the strike. Nearly
all the individual operators to-day made
announcements of their willingness to
grant the increase, and notices to this ef
fect will, it is expected, be posted at the
various independent collieries to-morrow.
Some have already been posted. It is
fully believed that the few operators who
have not y"et expressed their Intention on
the subject will fall in line with the others
and grant the increase.
According to some of the operators,
powder will be sold to the miners at Jl 50
per keg, Instead of $2 75 as heretofore
charged, but this reduction will be taken
into consideration In figuring the net 10
per cent advance.
No other concessions to the strikers are
hinted at. and, in fact, it has been openly
declared by some of the officials of the
big companies that no further conces
sions will be granted.
The individual operators delayed an
nouncing their willingness to grant the
increase pending the report of a commit
tee sent by them to New York to endeavor
to secure some concessions from the coal
carrying companies. The committee was
unsuccessful and so reported, and the
operators, feeling that further opposition
to the big companies was useless, decided
to follow their lead and grant the ad
vance.
It Is the general opinion that a great
majority of the striking mine workers will
be satisfied to accept the offer and return
to work, but they express determination
to await the decision of President Mitchell
of the United Mine Workers.
Mr. Mitchell will give no Indication of
his probable action in the matter beyond
his oft-repeated assertion that the men
themselves decide in convention all ques
tions bearing on a settlement of the dif
ferences with the operators. He, however,
would not state when such convention will
be called by him.
The opinion prevails that he will wait
until every operator expresses a willing
ness to grant an increase. Meantime ar
rangements are proceeding for strikers*
parades and mass meetings at Shenan
doah to-morrow and at Scranton next
Wednesday.
RUSSIAN CRUISER RUNS AWAY.
Refused to Fight the Chinese Fleet in
Formosa Straits.
LONDON,. Oct. 6. 4:15 a. m.^It Is re
ported in St. Petersburg, according to th>,
correspondent of the Times at the Rus
sian capital, that the Chinese fleet in For
mosa Straits attempted to engage the
Russian armored cruiser Rurik, but th-j
latter's speed frustrated the "plan.
The correspondent says it is probable
the allies' sqadrons will force the Chinese
fleet to capitulate or will destroy , t mnese
Shanghai telegrams announce that the
imperial edict dated September SO order
ing the court to be removed to Sinan-Fu
was issued owing to the famine at Tai
yuan-Fu. capital of the province of Shan-
sl C. They * 0 "Press the opinion that the
object of the recent edicts regarding the
degradation of Chinese personages of high
rank is merely to gain time and to enabla
China to be in a better position to defy
the powers, as the new capital would ba
virtually inaccessible from the coast.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Morning: Post, discussing tnis aspect of
the case, remarks:
"The German troops have no means of
transport.* and any attempt to follow ths
Chinese court would be therefore quite
futile."
He says the Chinese firmly believe m
the existence of a Russo-German agree
ment under which Russia will take all
the territory north of the preat wall and
Germany the provinces of; Chill and Shan
tung.
The Times representative at Shanghai
?ays: "It Is believed here that highly in
flammatory edicts are being issued secret
ly, and that the recent public edicts are
only intended to hoodwink the powers."
PAEADE OF MDTE-WOREEBS.
Demonstration That Will Delay the
Withdrawal of Troops.
SHENANDOAH, Pa., Oct. 6.—Arrangre
ments have been completed by the local
branches of the United Mine workers for
a biar parade and mass meeting here to
morrow afternoon. Invitations nave been
extended to all the strikers In the Shenan
doah and Mahanoy valleys to take part
In the affair. The principal feature or the
demonstration will be an address by Na
tional President Mitchell.
Organizer Harris to-day sent representa
tives to all the neighboring towns and
mining patches to notify the unions thers
of the proposed demonsratlon. Mr. Har
ris says he expects about 15.000 men and
boys to be In line.
General Gobln said to-night that while
he did not apprehend any disturbance he
would order no more troops home until
after the demonstration.
It Is Now Up to President Mitchell of
the Mine Worker^ to Decide What
the Strikers Will Do.
Companies and Coal Operators Are
Nearly All in, Line for 10 Per
Cent Increase.
CRISIS APPROACHES
IN MINERS' STRIKE
CAM. ir.'P.EAr. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. CVt. f..- While the
;>owtrt are endeavoring to determine upon
a fraFii- «if negotiation acceptable to all
they are ais-o discussing the- nttitude the/
¦uil! adopt toward the Empress Dowager.
There is not the slightest intention on MM
;>art «.f any povernment of demann:!^
ihat th^ Empress Dowager bo physically
junish^d for the part sh<' played in the
recent outrages. In fact, should she rc
iurn to Peking she would undoubtedly be
given ample protection. Bat it seems to
ue the general expression of all the pow
ors that tho Empren Dowager shall i>"
excluded from further participation in rfio
administration of Chinese affairs. Bi
cause fif the friendliness she has always
displayed toward the Russian Govern
ment the St. Petersburg authorities arc
expected to lend her their support as far
as it is possible to do so. but with Grcai
Britain. Germany. Japan and the United
States favorable to her degradation it is
hardly lik< ly that Russia will insist thai
*he remain in power. The Empress Dow
ager probably understands the purpose of
' 'iirissoi.cioni to oppose her assumption of
ihe r<-ins ef government and this fact
will influence her decision Ujion the prop
osition of the several nations that the
i.mper->r return t«t Peking.
The State Department has been in
formed that a report is current in Shang
hai that the Imperial family is to retire
further inland. ;md this is considered not
unlikely in view of the laci that to the
Kmpress L>o\vager the Kmpt-ror is. to
quote hisn officials, "hor most valuable
asset." Through Minister Wu and othti
Chinese officials this Government and Eu
rope are endeavoring to bring about llio
i«turn lo Peking °f ttwong Hsu. Should
these cfTon? be successful it is proposed
lo surround him with a progressive cabi
r.et and ur;d<-r the protection of tht- pow
ers it is believed hf will be able to in
telligently administer the affairs of his
country and (¦¦imply with the demands the
foreign nations will make.
While the danger of a br^ak. among the j
powers is still present the action of CJer- i
many in withdrawing: from tlv position j
j-^he had assumed of insisting upon the i
surrender of the authors of the outrages {
r.s a condition prr-codem to negotiation is i
regardci as a pood augury of continued '
harmony. It is regarded as even more j
important than the note presented by thc
rrc nch Government and indorsed by Rus
tia.
The President -will call a meeting or j
his Cabinet for next Tuesday, when tin-
French note will be carefully discussed
and the policy of the United States will |
be determined. There are several feat
ure? of the French note, notably that •
requiring the razing of the Taku fortiu- i
cation? and interdiction of the importa- '
tion cf munitions of war into China, to j
which this Government cannot agree.
However, its declination to do so will m^ |
disturb the concert of the powers. Ofli- |
f';;'..« fay ihat if other powers desire lo i
take action of this character the Unileo j
8tau-s. if it cannot dissuade them, will j
not oppose it. An official who Is thorough
ly familiar with the views of the Pr'-si- '
<lert and Secretary Hay said to-day that I
th«= reply of this Government to the j
French note will be based upon the note j
of Secretary Hay. dated July 3. It w*H i
insist first upon the punishment of the |
responsible authors of the outrages.; sec- !
ond. upon grounds which will prevent a I
recurrence of such disasters; third, ihe |
protection of all rights guaranteed to i
friendly powers by treaty and jnterna- '
tional law. and fourth, a recognition ui j
the principle of the "open door." One ol j
the most important duties which Minister
Oinger will be called upon to perform in
the preliminary negotiations he is to con
duct will be to examine the credentials
with which Prinze <"hinp. I.i Hung Chans
and other Chinese commissioners are su;>- j
plied. Sir Oaude Macdonald. the Brilis'.i
Minister, ha? been given discretionary au
thority to begin preliminary negotiations.
This Govornir.«nt does not propose to
'•tipapc in any further hostile operations
n=a;n?t China. This is shown by the in- I
:nructlons which were sent by Secretary |
Lo:ic a fow days apo to Rear Admiral j
Rcrncj-. Admiral Remey wired the news ]
<~f the prop-isfd expedition to Sha::hui ;
Kwan and asked if he shouid participate i
la the bombardment of the fortifications !
m that point. Secretary Lone respondtd
that on no account should he fire upon
the Chinese fortifications.
FRANCE HAS A PROGRAMME.
the Chinese Question.
PARIS. Oct. :>.-T!if following official
rote was iesur-d this aftf-rnoon:
Propositions to Powers for Settling j
The FVrciEn M!niftf-r has instructed the rep
resentatives of France to sound the powers
¦nhose tr^oi* are operating with ours in the ex
trerr.e East regarding the adoption of a com
mon prctCT-amme for Northern China. The !
rejirewr.tativf-F acquitted th»RiS"lven of their
rnisfien and l<rft with the vario-j« foreign Min- j
jfter? a ropy of the following; note: :
In s«n'i!nc th^ir forces to <*hina, the powers i
prrtpOFed. firrt of all. to deliver their lrcationR.
Thsnks t^ their union and the valor of their
troop* t"!s aim has been attained. It is now
f> question of Focurlnj? from the Chinese Gov
ernment, which ha« given Prince Ohing and
ZA Hunsr Chans? full powers to negotiate and
t:>at in it« name, suitable reparation for the
¦Penetrated with the Eririt which inspired the
previous declaration* of the different Rovern
nen;?, the. Government of the republic be.
l'ev*?F It rum* up th<»'r real sentiments in the
ffiliowinr points which it Fubmits as a. ba?!s i
for nepoUstions to be entered upon immediate- I
ly afw the usual verification of the powers:
Firs=t— The punishment of the principal cul
prits who will he drs!enat«vl by the representa
tives of lh« rowers at Peking.
Second—The maintenance of the prohibition
of tiA itvporj of/ anna.
Third— Equitable indemnities to states, 60
< ietic »n1 individual?.
Fourth— The formation of a permanent guard
fir rvkinir legations.
Fifth— Tt» di.«marulrrr;pnt of the fortifications.
Sixth -The military occupation of two or
throe :>rint.s on the roart from Tientsin to Pe
kicr. wrfcirh v.-ruki thuf; be always oprn to the
J -cations wishing to go to the pea or to forces
p;vt<"irtir£ to lVkii<; trntn the sea.
Presented eollecttoeiy by the representatives
• if the powers, purported by the presence of the
International force*, it appears impossible to
the Government ot the republic- thru thes<e con
dition* which are so legitimate would not be
accepted by the Chinese Government at an
early date.
ASSAILED BY THE WOMEN.
Eight Italians Stoned While Going
to Work in a Colliery.
HAZLKTON, Pa., Oct. 5.— IOight Ital
ians, employed on the night shift of the
Calvin Pardee & Co.'s colliery, at Latti
mer, were attacked on the way to Holy
road early this morning by 100 women,
mostly Hungarians and Italians from
MJlnesrille. A few women with clubs were
arrested, but mo«t of them carried stones
In their aprons. The eight Italians saw
the women on the road ahead ol them and
crossed the field to avoid them. The
women a!«?o crossed the field and, over
taking the men. hurled stones at them.
The men ran and were soon out of the
reach of the women. One man received a
severe cut on the head, while several oth
ers were struck by stones.
There was to have been a march of
women and men from McAdoo and Jcans
ville to L;it timer early this morning, but
inr some reason it was called off at mid
night. It may be made to-morrow.
Some of the foreigners are showing an
ugly disposition. They are seen in greater
numbers on the highways, and as some
of them carry clubs a collision between
them and the coal and iron policemen
may occur at almost any time. There is
no material change to-dav in the number
of men at work in this region.
An English Version.
LONDON'. Oct. 6.— The Daily Chronic'.e
publishes the following sent by its Wash
ington correspondent:
"The United States Government has
proposed to the powers to Insist that
Prince Tuan be beheaded, that the Km
peror be induced to go to Peking to form
a government of progressive?, undfr the
support of European bayonets, and that
the Kmpress Dowager be deposed."
Evn the Daily Chronicle admits that
It Hnds considerable difficulty in believing
this roport.
» .
Russian Government Assents.
BERLIN, Oct. 5.— The following dis
patch from St. Petersburg has been semi
officially issued:
"The Russian Government assents to
the proposals in Count von Bulow's note !
of October 1. M. de Glers. the Russian i
Minister at Peking, has been instructed in
that sense."
HERMANN SPEAKS IN IDAHO.
BOISE, Idaho, Oct. 5.— Hon. Binger Her
mann, Commissioner of the General Land
Office, addressed a largo meeting here this
evening. The meeting was one of the best
held during the campaign and the ad
dreps was very well received.
Mr. Hermann prefaced his address with
some remarks eulogistic of Senator Shoup.
He spoke of the Senator's early career, of
the work he had done years ago in at
tracting attention to Idaho and of the
manner in which he had looked after Ida
ho's interests at Washington. The speak
er expressed the hope that the Senator
would be returned.
On the silver issue Mr. Hermann said
the public would hear iess and le?s of it
as the campaign progressed. Croker. he
said, had t<">ld Bryan he could not carry
New York unless he should drop 15 to 1,
and Croker's advire is being followed. For
that reason, the speaker said, "Mr. Bryan
came up to the captain's office and set
tled." Taking up the subject of Imperial
ism Mr. Hermann asked if any Democrat
knew a Republican who de^irod to change
our form of government. He challenged
any Democrat to name a single Republi
can who entertained any such desire. If
there was not, one, as he claimed, how
could the party, which is composed cf in
dividuals. stand for such a policy as the
Democrats allege?
Mr. Hermann dwelt at much lenprth on
the benefit that retention of the Philip
pines will be to the Pacific Coast. He said
we should hold the islands first, because
it was our duty to educate and otherwise
benefit these people, and second, because
it wfli be of enormous benefit to us com
mercially. He pave statistics showing
what benefit had already accrued to our
Orients*! trade and said it was necessary
for the West to cultivate the market In
the Kar East and that for this purpose
retention of the Philipoines was very es
sential.
HANNA AND ICE INCIDENT.
CHICAGO, Oct. 5.— Senator Hanna made
merry to-day over the stories about "the
attempt to assassinate him." He J=aid:
"The facts are as follows: After I had
done speaking and was sitting down lis
tening to Congressman Mann a piece of
ice about as big as your closed flst struck
the corner of the table in front of me and
fell to the floor of the Platform. I paid
no attention to It, thinking some one had
upset the water pitcher and the Ice hai
fallen out. I looked up and saw a hole in
the top of the tent, through which the
chunk of ice had evidently come.
'.'That It was thrown at me Is nonsense,
as In order to do that a man would have
had to climb on top of the tent, and it
would not bear one's weight. What prob
ably happened was that some mischievous
boy. seeir.g the piece of ice on the side
walk outside and the convenient hole at
the top of the tent, could not resist the
temptation and tossed it throuffh. it
could not have beon aimed at any one
however, as whoever threw it in could
not have seen any one Inside.
"The stories about it weighing five or
ten pounds are ridiculous. I paid no at
tention to the Incident at the time and
have not thought about it since."
Denies the Kingman Story.
CHICAGO, -Oct. 5— Lulu D. Hay of
Jacksonville. 111., has sent to Senator
Jones, chairman of the Democratic Na
tional Committee, a sworn denial of the
alleged Klngman story that ehe knew W.
J. Bryan to have been paid $150,000 by
silver mine owners to cause a silver plank
to be incorporated In the Kansas City
platform.
Atlanta's New Mayor.
ATLANTA. Ga.. Oct. 5.— Livingston
Mills was elected Mayor of this city to
day over three other candidates by a ma
jority of 15S out of a total vote of over
Larrazoli Nominated.
SANTA FE, N. Mex.. Oct. 5.— The Dem
cratic Territorial Convention to-day nom
inated O. A. Larrazoli of Las Vegas for
Delegate to Congress.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure
E. W. Grove's »iBnature U on each box. 25c •
Powers Desire Kwong Hsu to Return
to Peking and Inaugurate Pro
gressive Measures.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DOWAGER EMPRESS
NOT TO BE PUNISHED
But Will Be Excluded From Further
Participation in the Govern
ment of China.
THE; DEMOCRATIC .ROUGH RIDER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1900.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak m.-n and women strong and strong
ADVEBTISEarSNTS.
Mrs. May Hawkins Will Holp Every
Woman Save o Drunkard.
A Trial Packagpe of Her Marrelous
Ecme Treatment FREE&r the asking.
Any trt(9 woman might well be proud to have
saved one poor soul from the shackles of drink,
but Mrs. Hawkins has redeemed thousands by
noble and practical work among those who
PLAIN TALK.
PLAIN TALK.
To Catarrh Sufferers.
Every person suffering from catarrh In
Its many forms knows that the common
lotions, salves and douches do not cure.
Jt Is needles? to arg^je this point or to cite
tases cf failure, because every victim of
eatarrhal trouble knows It for himself If
he has tried them.
A local application, if it does anything
M alL simply srivrs temporary relief; a
wash, lotlnn. or powder cannot reach
i he peat of the disease, which is the blood
The mucous membrane seeks to relieve
the blood of catarrhal poison by secreting
large quantities of mucus, the discharpe
sometimes eloFlnsr up the nostrils descend-
ine to the ihrnat and larynx, causing an
Jr:ltatln*r c^usrh. continual clearing of the
ihroat. deafness, indirection and many
other disagreeable and persistent symp-
lt;rr>s. '
A remedy to really cure catarrh must
1>e an Internal treatment: a remedy which
->vU1 gradually cleanse the Fystem from
ratarrhal poison and remove the fever and
ronceFiir.n rlwavB present in the mucous
inembrane.
Th*» b?5t remedies for this purpose are
Butalyptol: SanirtJinniia' and Hydrastln,
I'Ut th<» difficulty has alway« been to set
«hese valuable curatives combined in one
palataiile. convenient and efficient form
R»»r*-ntly this ha? been accomplished
f.n<1 the preparatton put on the market
under the name of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
Jets'. Thry arc laree, pleasant tasting
lownpr-s. so that they may be slowly dis-
solved In the mouth, thus reaching every
part of the mucous membrane and finally
the stomach and Intestines.
An ndvantape to b<? considered also in
Ihat Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain no
ror.iine. morphine or poisonous narcotics.
to often found in catarrh Dowders and the
use of •which often pntnll." a habit more
0»ne*roiB lhan the ditcrnsp.
Sttt*rt'« Catarrh T»b!»»t« nr*« sold by
t^rupe'.Pts at T<n cents for frll-«!z»»d pack- '
pr*» ard ar<» probably the safest «nd most I
effectual catarrh cure on the market. '
haTa oeen victims of intemperance. Mrs.Huw»-
ias for years sufforca tie srict sni anguish
sharad by so many truo and fiit.hr-: i women ol
America to-day, wliohavetlrinU-afiiicted fath-
ers, husbandsor sons. She determined to oyer«
come this fearrul evil if possible. Her search
for a harmless, perfect and secret homo euro
was at last rewarded; when an old friend came
to her and pave her a remedy which bad never
been known to fail. Mrs. Hawkins gave ths
remedy secretly and in aXew weeks.to her great
joy. hsr dearest relative was entirely cured of
appetite for d rials and was again restored to
health and manhood.
After this wonderful result Mra Hawkins da.
cided to devote her life to the work ef helping
her sisters everywhere.whom she fonnd su£Ter»
insr as sha had suffered from the effects of alco-
hol upon a husband, father or son. Wiin th»
assistance of others she perfected the original
treatment and now oilers to send this treat*
ment free to Any distressed wife.mother or sis*
ter who will write lor it Mrs. Hawkins' rrezt
desire Is that evory weman who needi this
medidna will write at once to her and get is.
A Gmrefrtl TVoraan.
MRS MAT HAWKINS, Grand KSplds, M!en.-
My Dear Friend: You haTe been the meansof bring-
in^sanshineintomyhome. Last Annustl got ronr
remedy and be?an B.v.nii it to my cn»b 3 acl.dn.i f.-c^
t hat t ao until t^c present he hasnot ralccna (Jror>of
any kln.iof .ilcoholicnrinfes. Iracnot ssnoom^
rorwaatyourroniertyh.ast!onoformeand'Iur<reita!
» helosr to any mot aer jj- stcr or ir! f * w ho sii* u need
1 Feb. i4, > K H ' *• LANi
Thousands have saved their homes and loved
ones by tbi3 remedy and you can be amoas ft e
number If you only wish it. airs. HawUIna
treats every letter she receives sacredly confl-
dential and you n-eA have no hesitancy what,
evtr in writing her for assistance. Do not d--
lay; writfl her to-day. Address
Mrs. May Hawfciy Box lt^s. Grand Rioiit. Mich.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
.f^ilflljgkk specialists
flag? ¦ Trtk lf *x ¦ , Established
Sll lS f I - Lar *= st
X*%'' \7 \T Institution.
&L^^L Most Extsnsiv -
*%^'\^W Consultation
«P^^^75/ Market St.,
wrak* San frzncfsco.kind, baa Its duty
to perform In tho
working out o£
civilization. For
Us car. of this
great task It has
been Its whola
life preparing. On
May t. ISM. Ita
hour was at band, and In prophetic Ink In U>«
SyblUlno Book of Fata It had lony beea writ
ten what it should thea do. As the drop of
rain starts, but does not create, the life lying
dormant la the grain of. wheat, as th© flash, of
lightning reveals, but does not produce, th»
visions of tka night, so th« battla of Manila
did not of Itself create a new burden nor Im
pose a new responsibility. They had been for
years preparing, and the Saab. o£ Dewey'a gana
simply revealed them.
Destiny works In a mysterious way Its won
ders to perform, aad rarely reveals In advanco
what is forglns In the workshop of Fate.
Behind the curtain oi the future to-morrow
waits, holding la its hands tho unexpected and
the Inevitable, toward which the unerring and
Irresistible magnet of Fata hurries tha nations.
This nation did not anticipate the outcome
of Its war with Spain. The Antilles and not
the Philippines centered Its attention. The
liberating of tha Cubans and not the civiliz
ing of the Filipinos was the duty we under
took, tha burden we assumed.
Likewise neither 'Washington, Lincoln nor
McKinley anticipated the great things they
were to do nor the responsibilities they were
to assume, nor did they dream of the oppor
tunities that were to knock at their doors.
But each one proved himself to be a well
chosen child of destiny In be in? equal to hia
opportunity when It came, to be a "man of
mighty days, and equal to the days."
My fellow citizens, I believa that we will ba
trua to our traditions, ever watchful of cur
liberties and of the rights of others committed
to our care, loyal to our flag and all that It
represents. I am confident that In the future
we will not change in. sturdiness of character
or uprightness of purpose, but will continue
to grow la wealth and power so that as ara
our tasks, so shall our strength be. and that wa
wl:l ever be a light set upon a hill, an ex
emplar and leader among nations.
I believe that we will be equal to our new
opportunities, that we will do our duty in this
new sphere of national and International Ufa"
In which It has pleased God to place us^ and
that, under the leadership of William McKin
ley. we will continue In our new career with
no uncertain tread, meeting our new obliga
tions as fearlessly, resolutely and successful
ly as our revolutionary fathers met theirs
when they founded this republic.
Great nations must bear great burdens. That
Is what makes them great. Our nation did
not consciously s^ek this Oriental burden. But
we have this burden to bear, this responsibil
ity to fulfill, this duty to perform. We have
never yet shrunk from a danger, m*glected an
obligation or failed In a task. We will not
clo^e the century with an act of cowardice o*
an admission of lncomp«tency.
Go to the polls and vote for McKInley.
There can be and will be ro Imperialism, arid
so thinks every one who has confidence in tha
G-reat Audience, » Inel\xc3.ing HS/Esmy FeoiDle of Prominence and
Fetsliion, Listen Estgerly to tlie Orator's Trit>nte to tne
President and KEis Excoriation of Bryanism.
HORACE G. PLATT'S SPEECH IN McKINLEY'S CAUSE
IS A MASTERPIECE OF LOGIC AND ELOQUENCE
JflA^ rVNtr 6££N iCARCt-Tl
virtue, capacity, high purpose and rood faith
of the American people.
THtN LET OS Stt iOMt.
Treatment of
Hscent
Acquisitions.
Mr. Bryan, in quoting very often from the
speeches of Abraham Lincoln, would make It
appear that he is attempting to follow In the
footsteps of the martyred President. In this
regard President McKinley very pertinently
says: "If our opponents would practice as
well as preach the doctrines of Abraham Lin
coln there would be no fear for the safe
ty of our Institutions at home or
their rightful Influence In any territory over
which our flag floats." In this regard Presi
dent McKinley can very appropriately refer
Mr. Bryan to Lincoln's first Inaugural address
wherein he said, "The power confided to me
will be used to held, occupy and possess the'
minded soldier boy who deserts while I must
not touch a hair of a wily agitator who In
duces him to desert? This Is none the less
Injurious when effected by getting a father,
or mother, or friend Into a public meeting and
there working upon his feelings until he Is
persuaded to write the soldier boy that he Is
fighting in a bad cause, for a wicked adminis
tration of a contemptible government. I think
that. In such a case, to silence the agitator and
save the boy Is not only constitutional, but
withal a great mercy." ¦.:';'/¦:
Senator Fettlcrew of South Dakota has been
a very bitter opponent of the President In his
Philippine policy, and Is now an advocate cf
Bryan's election
and his own. One ? +
of these rath
era to whom Lin- Such Treason
coin referred re
cently wrote the Encourages
following letter to
the Senator in re- the Rebellion,
ply to his appeal
for aid In this + +
campaign. I com
mend this letter to Mr. Bryan's consideration.
It Is as follows:
"You ask for the active -assistance of your
'friends' to overcome the efforts of the Re
publicans to defeat you. Your friends are
mostly In the island of Luzon, and one of my
sons U now suffering from the tortures of a
Mauser bullet sent into his chest by one of
them. Your boasted friends are the enemies
of our country, and are thriving on the en
couragement and support derived from you
as Senator from South Dakota. I had two
sons in the Philippine rebellion, and your politi
cal consort. Judge Moore, prayed that the
god of battles would strengthen the arm of
their opponents, that they might drive these
sons and their comrades into the sea. This
sentiment you have countenanced and encour
aged by your every public act, and It Is because
of your having thus countenanced and encour
aged such treason that the rebellion in the
Philippines still hanss on.".
•'NEXT A A TO COMMERCIAL TAU-UKE^
It Is said of McKinley as It was said of Lin
coln, that he holds Ms car close to the ground
keeping step to the rhythm of the people's
tread. This Is a grand rhythm, second to none
but that to vrhtch the -stars keep time; It Is
the rhythm cf every national anthem that ex*
McKinley loosed tho American eagle that It
might wing its flight and drive the Spanish
vulture from- tho Islands of the sea. opened
the door through which this nation will march
to a grandeur yet unknown, and proclaimed to
the llstenln.tr nations that the United States
has taken Its rightful place on the right of the
line of the worH powers, and that Its flag, alike
In the Orient and the Occident. Its red. white
and blue flashing equally In the light of the set
ting and the rising sun, means everywhere th-»
Urhtenlnc of man's burdens, the lifting up of
God's people.
Lincoln unlocked the manacles of the slave,
made the bondman free and cemented In blood
these diverse sovereignties Into * Union one
and indivisible, now and forever.
Washington brought order out of chaos,
united the disunited pioneers of freedom, and
laid plumb and true the cornerstone of the
grandest political edifice ever reared by the
hand of man. this temole of liberty sheltering
for nil time government of the people, by the
people and for the people.
William McKinley Is one of the three great
presidents whose names shall be remembered
throughout all time, and whose administrations
mark the three great epochs the history of
this nation.
• : ' • '\l\ •
I believe that, as President McKinley has
said, we will by our treatment of the Filipinos
lead them to feel that it Is their liberty and
not our power, their welfare and not our gala
that we seek to enhance, and that, as our flag
has never waved over any community save In
blessing, they will acknowledge that" It has
not lost Its gift of benediction by its world
wide Journey to their shores.
I believe that we will show them how to
govern under laws that we will teach them
that office Is a public trust, power a shield for
Justice and not a weapon for personal prowess,
and Dublic moneys a means of public bene
faction and not of personal aggrandisement.
I believe that under the aegis of our Gag. law
and order will drive out anarchy and brigand
age. Industry and education eradicate- vaga
bondage and Illiteracy, sanitation drive out
disease, and that from the acorn of American
civilization sown by us In these Islands there
will grow the mighty oak of self-government
whose branches will shelter them and their de
scendants henceforth and forever.
ful of their own
Interests, they have poured out their blood and
treasure In defense of the rights of others. I
do not believe that all of a sudden. In tho
twinkling of ah eye, they have changed In
character, purpose, ambition, courage or de
termination. I do not believe that a. people
who besan a. war to rescue the Cubans from
oppression can end It by oppressing the Fili
pinos. I do not believe that we will establish
In thf Philippines a government different In
principle from our own. though different la
form.
3aeV-o' -lantern would leave the world !n utter
darkness. Impenetrable even by the flame that
liberty hoMs aloft to light the world.
Mr. McKinley predicted that Republican
success would mean prosperity In place o* pov
erty, work Instead of violence for Idle hands,
wealth at home, honor and respect abroad.
McKlrlcy was fleeted, and all the fog and
dust of Bryanlsm disappeared, and this country
stepped o'Jt cf the shadow and Into the sun.
It was because I believed that this would
t»e the result that In 1SSS I voted for McKlnley.
It Is because I believe that the election of
Bryan on the rechristened Chicago platform
¦would undo much cf McKinley's good work.
would disturb business, arrest enterprise and
suspend the labor of thousands; It is because
of McKinley's policy of honor and because of
Bryan's proposed policy of dishonor that I shall
a~a!n vote for McKlnley.
The paramount i'fje in this campaign Is
Eryanlsm. and Bnar.ism means political dis
honesty, political
Inexperience, polit- -K ?¦
leal bad Judgment.
and the domina- Bryanism Is
tlcn . of personal
opinion influenced the
by fanaticism over
the wisdom of Paramount Issue.
statesmen and the |
experience of a + ±
century of strug
gle and growth. As the Democratic party has
indorsed Bryanism, I air. opposed to the Dem
ocratic party.
In this campaign we have the unusual op
portunity of comparing th? two candidates by
the promises made by McKlnley four years
«go° and their fulfillment, and by the predic
tions made then by Bryan and their non
fulSllmer.t
A very gifted American orator once delivered
a lecture vrhich he entitled "The Mistakes of
Moses." This evening I propose to speak of
the "Mistakes of Bryan."
We aJl know that hindsight Is more reliable
than fores!iht, and that It is easier to be a
historian than a prophet, yet we also know
thtt there always must be prophets, leaders,
guides, whose duty It is to point the way, and
whore skill to guiJe must be in cronortion to
their ability to profit by their own experience
or the experience- of others. Of what avalleth
the lessons of yesterday if they help us not in
meeting the Inevitable to- morrow?
Judged by this standard Mr. Bryan has
shown himself little, adapted to lead or guide
the reople. In 1836 he did not point out a
road for us to travel that would not have led
to disaster, and even', road that he desig
nated as dangerous has led the people In safe
ty to the land of prosperity they so eagerly and
so Ion* had sought. In the language of Presi
dent McKlr.'.py. "The prophet of evil no longer
commands confidence, because he has been
pro-. en to be a false prophet."
A country on the double basis of gold and
silver, with the free and unlimited coinage of
¦Utct at the ratio of 36 to 1, necessarily will
become a country with a silver basis alone, as
witness Mexico and China. A country on the
double basis of gold nr.d silver, with a limited
CMr.p.Ke of silver at the ratio of 15 to 1, is on
a gol<l basis, and it gets its share of the world's
gnirt which its proportion of the world's busi
ness brings to it. We have the satisfaction of
knowing that of all the nations the United
Slates attracts and holds th» largest stock of
gold because the volume of its business trans
action* exceeds that of any other nation.
Wo have also the satisfaction of knowing
that every rarer or silver dollar Is exchange
able, flt i<ar In ordinary business transactions
for co'.<l of the rarr.e nominal value.
We are doing builnest on this basis, und to
c-ar great enrichment. We have given our
pledge to the world that the word dollar in
every American contract pi cl.liga.tion meana
a dollar in gold or the r»;tual equivalent there
of; we have bhIiJ to the laborer that a dollar's
wage means or.e hundred cents In gold/
To violate this pledge to laborer. Investor.
creditor, whether foreign or domestic, would
. be an act of dis-
I feel that the
American people
understand t h 1 a
Question and ap
preciate It. and
that "they hold
their financial
honor as sacred as
the Hag. and can
be rell»3 on to guard It with the same sacred
vigilance."
But, let ua lock the danger full in the face.
words, who mistakes epigram* for Ideas,
rhetoric for philosophy, declamation f!?r wis
dom, personal ambition for patriotism and a
dishonest dollar fcr an honest one.
I am entering this campoicn against the
Democratic party because It has r.crr.ir.ated for
the Presidency a man who as that old Demo
cratic warncrse. Henry eaid only
two years ago, "is not of the rr.at»r!al of which
the jjecple of the United States have, ever
rr.aiie a President, nor of which ar.y party has
ever before made a candidate," because his
speeches tend to disturb the peace ar.d orJer
of the State by their appeals to class distinc
tions that do nr>t exist and to an antagonism
between capital ar.d labor that cannot obtain
!r< ihis country as et present organized, ar.d
ixrause he la not honeit with the American
people.
I am entering this campaign or. behalf of the
I>put::can forty because its candidate for the
Vr^'Af-r.ry has a« President proven himself to be
a >k::;fui z>'Aot of our «h!p of state !n stormy
««-as, has shown himself to be one whoir. eu>1-
Srr> emergencies cannot confuse nor great
pr^lilerr.s overcome, during whose wise adrr.in
ic!ration the country has been l>l*ss*d with
prosperity and crowned with national glory.
and vi !::>«• continuance in office for the n«xt
Tour yzre- is a guarantee to our hoj>e* of the'r
p.r.l'.ct;>z:eC fulfillment.
Kour year* ago the t-ountry was startled by
the utterances of ibe Democratic National Con
uiiticn a* e^iljo»!i«-d in the Chicago platform.
At no :-.rior tirt>e in its history had the United
Mat** Item In «o rfeolorabie a condition. An
Industrial depression covered the land like a
pall. >*or several >ears th* unemployed had
l"cr. grtmir.g la number*, in wur.t and in de
!-pair. FfeRtOtiea w»-re empty, furnaces weiv
r-otd aixl mills had cea*e<l to srind. Iianker*
were closing their doors and depositors were
losing i^'r'.r savings. P.ai!roads could net pay
ti*lr !r.l«*r*5t and wore rasMcg into the hand*
if recei\'«rs=. Th* only armies that paraded
tb* land wr-re disorderly mobs of idle wcrklng
ir.en. strikers in a I mom every department of
labor threatened the stability of the Govern
n?»nt. Neighbor* were friends or foe«, as want
et wealth united ,-,r divided them.
It was after bcv<?rAl years of tbese growing
evils and at a Ume vf gtn«.ra! gloorn ar.d dis
content when the
growllngs of hun
ger were becoming
ominous, and lean
hands were threat
ening to take by
force or st«-alth the
bread they ha<i no
o p p o r t u nity to
»arn. that three
political national
r'.nvfntlor.s arserr.bleS to nominate candidates
'or tbe ¦ Presidency. Tie Democrats, dencua-
Bryan Dishonest
in Using-
Lincoln's Name.
The American people have for over a cen
turr been growing- In power and wealth
and righteousness.
They have expand- ? « ?¦
ed In territory. In
creased in wealth, American People
multiplied In num
bers, developed in and Popular
power, and held
fast to popular Government.
grovernment. Ever | >
vigilant and watch- »
Does any one seriously believe that from the
common schools of this country there can be
enlisted an army from whom any military sys
tem, life or discipline can eradicate that Intel
ligence, manhood, independence and love of
liberty that have made the United States the
land of the free? Does any one believe that
the people that dared In their Infancy to bat
tle with Hngland and wrested from her unwill
ing hands independence and sovereignty; that
has extended the boundaries of this republic
from the. Atlantic to the Pacific across arid
plains, over snow-clad mountains and In the
face of hostile savages; that stopped not at
ocean's bounds but brought within our domain
Islands In the sunset sea; that fought and won
the War of the Rebellion and the war with
Spain; that has built up this Government as a
tower of strength for struggling humanity from
whose summit liberty lights the world: that
has planted a schcolhouse upon every hill and
on each schoolhouse unfurled its flag — does any
one believe that the descendants of those that
fought at Bunker Hill or Gettysburg or San
tiago have aught to feax for their liberties from
a standlns army organized from their midst?
If there be such a man. then I pity him, and I
would not trust him on the firing line.
OP the «=-/». i i_ u « e. op &«">'.<vsj>,
t>HOP>HECIE i."
\
"He who dissuades one man from volunteer
ing or Induces one soldier to desert weakens
the cause as much as he who kills an Ameri
can soldier In battle. Must I shoot a slmple-
Mr. Bryan is very fond of quoting from the
speeches of Abraham Lincoln. I would sug
gest to him that when he calls the suppression
cf the Filipino insurrection an unholy and un
just wax, knowir.c that his words will reach
alike the ear of the Fllinlno rebel and of the
American soldier, as they scan each other along
the barrels of their loaded rifles, he quote the
following appropriate remarks of Abraham Lin
coln, aimed at such orators as he:
Think of that, Mr. Bryan
"President McKinley* ¦ proclamation to the
people of the Philippines!, through General Otis,
ought to secure the hearty co-operation in our
work of regeneration. The President promises
them all they hoped to win In their revolt
against Frain. President McKinley promises
that civil and municipal government shall be
carried on as far as practicable by officers
chosen from the Inhabitants of the islands and
if. In performing this work of civilization,
American blood should be shed, the position
of our anti-expansionists would not be enviable.
The first shot fired against the American flag
would make domestic opposition to the meas
ures of our Government overt treason."
I would commend to his thoughtful considera
tion the following statement made by the New
York Journal before the ratification^ of the
treaty:
Which will the American people believe?
The man who gave his life for his country, or
the man who gives only his Jaw,, and cares
not how many of our soldiers lives are sacri
ficed ujon the altar of his selfish ambition?
"If I am shot by a Filipino bullet It might
as well come from one of my own men, be
cause I know that the continuance of fighting
here is due to reports sent out from America."
Who tells the truth, the man at the front
or the man in the rear?
ago there died on the firing line at the head
of his troops as brilliant, as gallant a soldier,
as brave a man, as true a patriot as ever any
nation called a hero, and this people and gen
erations yet unborn will honor the fame and
name of Lawton. This is what he said a few
days before he was killed on the field of bat
tle by a Filipino bullet:
massacre, who
knows what would have been done by us?
We give nothing under fire. No, Mr. Bryan,
there was but one course for Mr. McKinley
to take after Aguinaldo had fired on our flag,
and the Senate had so ratified the treaty, and
that course he took and is now pursuing, and
the American people will cry out Jn no un
certain tone, "Well done, good and faithful
servant." •
In his Indianapolis speech Mr. Bryan said:
"The Republican party to-day., is responsible
for «very drop of blood drawn from an Ameri
can soldier, in the Philippine Islands or drawn
by an American soldier."
In thes j distant islands not many months
• • •
But what of imperialism? Mr. Bryan en
listed In the war acalnst Spain, not as a
private, but as a
colonel. (Roose- ?¦•¦ <'
velt was content
with the rank of No Laurels on
lieutenant colonel.
hough he gave up Colonel
the high position
of Assistant Sec- Bryan's Brow.
retary of the |
Navy.) The war ? ?
ended, but with
no additional laurels on Colonel Bryan's brow
and he looked around for an opportunity to
get into the procession. The band wagon with
McKinley and Roosevelt and Dewey and Samp
son and Schley and Shatter and "Wood and
Lawton and Chaffee and MacArthur aboard
had gone by, but there was still a chance tj
get in at the head of the second division,
which he hoped would be remembered best
because It was seen last. The treaty of Paris
acknowledging the Independence of Cuba and
cedlns to us Porto Rico. Guam and the Philip
pines was before the Senate for ratification.
There was danger of its defeat. The leading
Democratic papers were bursting from ex
pansion. The hour for a great coup had coma
and Eryan was the man for the hour. Here
was a chance to become marshal of the sec
ond division of the parade. To see the op
portunity was to grasp It and the Nebraska
colonel doffed his uniform and hied him, at
his own request, to Washington to save the
treaty. According to his enlistment hi3
duty was with his regiment. Accord-
Ing to his ambition his fluty was In
Washington. Before the vote was taken
on the treaty the Filipinos had succeeded in
bringing about a. clash of arms with the Amer
ican army, and while the vote was being taken
they were shooting at our flag arid our sol
diers. That should have been Mr. Bryan' j
signal for opposing the treaty if he was then
in favor of an immediate promise of Independ
ence to the Filipinos. He knew that the treaty
ceded Porto Rico and the Philippine Islands
absolutely to the United States; that it pro
vided that the United States should pay $20,-
OCO.CCO for the Philippine Islands: that the in
dependence of Cuba was guaranteed, and not
the independence of either Porto Rico or the
Philippines, but that on the contrary It was
provided that "the civil rights* and political
status of the native Inhabitants of the terri
tories hereby ceded to the United States shall
be determined by the Congress."
He knew that we could not, with any pride
or self-respect, adopt the treaty and thereby
accept sovereignty and then yield this sov
ereignty to those firing on our flag:. He knew
that we must and that we would put down
the insurrection before we would talk of the
Independence of the insurgents. He knew that
we had never voluntarily given independence
to the native Inhabitants of any territory ever
acquired by us. and that none could force us
to give that which we had determined It was
our right to control. Knowing all this he still
advocated, and, more than any other man,
secured the ratification of the treaty. With
out his aid it would have been defeated. When,
therefore, he says that "that party is respon
sible for the shedding of American blood in
the Philippines that wa« responsible for a
treaty that made free men of Cubans and tried
to make vassals of the Filipinos," the people
will point the finger at him at exclaim,
••Thou art the man."
"Now he says that he advocated the* adoption
of the treaty In order that wo might assume
the trtfk of giving
.+. ? Independence to
I the Filipinos. If
If Aguinaldo Had j Affuinaldo had not
j attacked our army.
Not Attacked if he had not at
tempted to drive
Our Army. ' " s out ° f il *e > s i
[• ands by shot and
i + shell and fire and
The American people know that the payment
of one set of coupons in silver would be an
earnest of what is to come, and It would there
fore Jeopardize the credit of this Government
and this people, and Immediately loans would
become difficult. Investments would stop, pay
ments would be enforced, manufacturing would
be suspended or curtailed and U1I«- working
men would curse the cry of imperialism that
was used to blind them to the real dangers of
Bryanism.
Industry, commerce and enterprise are based
on credit, and credit is based on confidence,
and when confidence Is destroyed credit dies,
and confidence would be destroyed by the elec
tion of Bryan, pledged to destroy the gold
standard, pledged to act independently of all
other nations in establishing our financial pol
icy, pledged to take the United States from the
front rank of the nations that do ninety-five
per cent of the world's business and place it
with these that now do only fK-e per cent,
pledged to substitute free trade for protec
tion, pledged to unsettle everything, to intro
duce confusion where now Is order, uncer
tainty where now is certainty, the silence of
Idleness where now Is heard the busy hum of
industry, the crowded souphousi for the futl
dinner pail, to place an Altgeld on the Supreme
Bench, a Tillrr.an In the Cabinet, to turn over
to Aguinaldo, with his pockets lined with the
traitor's gold and his hands red with the blood
of our soldiers, the trust we agreed In sisht of
God and man faithfully ourselves to fulfill.
The election of Bryan would be accompanied
bv the of a Democratic House of Rep
resentatives and of State Legislatures that
It is claimed that the payees could take their
silver to the treasury and have It redeemed in
gold. It Is claimed that under the present
currency law free silver Is Impossible. It is
claimed that any weakness In this law can
be cured by the present Congress after Bryan's
election and before his Inauguration, but all
this could not remedy the evil of his election.
There are some $700,000,000 of United States
bonds payable in coin. They were scld for gold
coin upon the implied understanding: that they
would be paid for In gold coin, principal and
interest. Mr. Bryan could order the interest
to be paid In silver, and he would order it to
be raid In silver.
promise has not
yet been kept, though over fifty years have
gone by. Alaska was acquired in 1SS7 under no
such promise, and she has just obtained local
government. Its admission as a Territory and
the admission of Arizona and Xew Mexico as
States depend solely upon the will of Congress.
In the | meantime we have given Porto Rico a
more independent government than we ever
gave to any of the Territories, j We have treat
ed her more generously. The other Territories
we tax to support a government in which they
were denied representation. To Porto Rico we
have given every dollar we have, taken by tariff
or taxation, and we are ready to treat the Phil
ippines In the same manner. But, Independent
of all this, what Is the difference In principle
between imposing government upon New Mex
ico against the consent of its people and treat
ing the Filipinos In the same way? Did the
fact that we intended to occupy New Mexico
with our own people, and that we expected in
due course of time to admit, It into the Union
Justify us In, imposing upon the New Mexicans
a : government against which they rebelled. If
all governments derive their just powers only
from the consent: of the governed? Has the
fact that . we did bo treat: them; that we put
down: their rebellion with tne sword; that after
But say the Bryanltes, "We acquired all our
previous territory with the Intention to occupy
the soil with our
+ ? own people and
.^s / eventually to ad-
Treatment 01 mlt It Into the
:.-',yi Union as a State."
B,SCent New Mexico and
Arizona were ac-
AcquisitionS. quired In 1S« with
a promise of state
+.. : »¦ hood, and this
I say, therefore, that in the above uterauce
he was dishonest with the people and sowed
the wind from which they may reap the
whirlwind, and therein he wandered as far
from the path that Lincoln trod as did the
path of Robespierre diverse from that of
Washington. • • •
He knows that no man under the American
Government is liable to be deprived of trial
by Jury through government by injunction or
by anything else except by the anarchy he,
Bryan, is inciting. He knews the province of
the writ of injunction, to wit: To prevent the
doing or continuing of an act that would cause
damage that no court of law in its usual course
can redress, such as the infringement of a pat
ent right, of a copyright, of a trademark, the
polluting or shutting off of water, the commis
sion of waste, the conspiring of tradesmen or
manufacturers or railroads in violation of the
interstate commerce act 01 of striking laborers
to prevent by force commerce by rail between
the States or the transportation of the mails.
He knows that this preventive remedy has been
applied alike to employer and employe; that it
broke up the combination of railroads to con
trol the traffic between the Missouri and the
Pacific and the combination of coal dealers In
this city to keep up the price of coal as well
as the combination of Debs and his associates
to stop the running of trains. He knows that
it Is a contempt of court to disobey Its writs,
whether of Injunction or otherwise: that court j
must have the summary power to mete out
immediate punishment fcr such disobedience;
that without such power courts might as weil
close their doors and the judicial ermine give
place to the redcoat of anarchy, the woolsack
to the guillotine. He knows that the railroad
officials and coal dealers would have been pun
ished by fine and Imprisonment if they had
disobeyed the Injunctions issued against them.
He knows that the striking workingmen defied
the mandates of the courts and were punished
solely for such disobedience, as courts have
done under the wisest Judges since English law
was known, and he knows that such punish
ments have not in the least impaired to any
man the right of trial by Jury.
Mr. Bryan is a lawyer. He knows the consti
tution of the United States and of every State.
He knows that the right of trial by Jury is
guaranteed in every constitution drawn by the
Anglo-Saxon race since the Magna Charta and
that no human power desires to or can take it
away from the humblest pauper that begs for
alms upon our public s:reets.
"If he is a wage-earner, and you do not know
how soon he may be e\en If he Is not now. Is
he safe when he Is llablo to be deprived of trial
by Jury through the system known as gov
ernment by injunction?"
Mr Bryan was, therefore, dishonest in so us
ing Lincoln's great nama to fan the flame
of discord between wage-earners and wage
payers. This dishonesty was again apparent
in a subsequent speech, wherein he said:
ltableness.
Lincoln was essentially a man of the peo
ple and his treat human h<?art had room In It
for all his coun
"* •?¦ trynien, rich and
_, _ . . poor alike, and his
. Bryan Dishonest mission was to sow
far and wide with
in Using 1 liberal hand the
seeds of fellowship
Lincoln's Name. and brotherhood
and not of envy.
4 ?¦ hatred and unchar-
Lincoln was the last man to attempt to
mount ambition's ladder upon the rungs made
of class dissension and internecine strife. He
recognized the catholicity of labor, the respect
due to honest toll, the interdependence of labor
and capital, the protection due to employer and
employe alike, and he voiced this sentiment In
that part of this message which Mr. Bryan
omitted to quote. He said: "Labor Is prior
to and independent of capital. Capital Is only
the fruit of labor and could never have existed
if labor had not first existed. Labor la the
superior of capital and deserves much the
higher consideration. Capital has Its rights,
which are as worthy of protection as other
rlchts."
property and places belonging: to the Govern
ment." Bryan's footsteps point in an oppo
site direction. He has pledged himself. If
elected, to call an extra session of Congress
to give up some of the territory of the United
States. But Mr. Bryan does not preach ttie
doctrines of Lincoln. He garbles Lincoln's
utterances and gives them a meaning Lincoln
never Intended, and, therefore. I do not think
him honest. In his quotation from Lincoln In
his Labor day speech at Chicago he made It ap
pear that Lincoln apprehended that an attempt
would be made to place the dollar above the
man. and that thereby the liberties of the
people would be destroyed by capital. The
quotation reads as if taken bodily from Lin
coln's first annual message to Congress. In
stead. It is made up of disconnected sentences
taken here and there from a message that was
discussing the monarchical tendencies of the
slave States, was contrasting the slave labor
in the South and the hired laborer In the
North, the hopelessness of the former and the
independence and helpfulness of the latter, but
which In no way was colored by any such de
moralizing rhetoric as that which Bryan at
tempted to ~lve to It.
SCENE AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE LAST NIGHT, WHEN HORACE G. PLATT MADE TRENCHANT COM
PARISONS BETWEEN* BRYANISM AND REPUBLICANISM. TO THE ADVANTAGE OF THE LATTER. HIS
SPEECH MET WITH GREAT APPLAUSE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1900.
oi ever? oiner naucn.
The Silver convention with like Porullstlc
passion was alFo captured by the rhetoric of
this man's cro«s of rold.
The Kepubllcans answered all thl3 political
and financial madness with a platform that
stood for *our.d. lior.est money, for an Inde
pendent Judiciary, for protection to American
industries, for union ar.d not for disunion, for
peace and prosperity and not for disaster and
Cissonslon. and upon this platform they placed
William McKinley.
Bryan predicted that the going out of his
ctr.g with bitterness Grover Cleveland, the onlj
Democrat -who hail led them to success since
1S06. ar.d who was in integrity of character,
nobility of purpose. In fearlessness and forti
tude cne of the greatest Americana and the
natural erwmy of the Altgeldfi and Bryans and
Tillmans. read him out of the party and, with
nlm Thomas Jefferson, threw all their teach
ing? after them and Installed in their stead
the Boy Orator from the fiatte. William Jen
nings Hryan, who mistook Bryanism for Pop
ulism and called It Democracy. They sent h!m
nbroad as a Populistic aspirant for the Presi
dency and authorized him to preach class dis
tinctions, to etir up bitterness on the part of
the many who had not acainst the few who
then had. to cry out against the fortunate, the
frugal, the prudent, the successful, to put a
premium on failure nr.d a discount on suc
cess, to threaten the independence of the Judi
ciary, to lm-ite the people to financial dishonor
and certain bankruptcy, to contradict every doc
trine of economics ar.d to endeavor to bring
about a financial impossibility, the stability
of the double standard of gold ard silver at a
fixed arbitrary ratio of 1C to 1, independently
Mr. Platt made the following address,
•u hich was closely listened to by the ap
preciative audience:
Ladies ar.d Ger.t'.en-.en: All my life I have
b-'-n a. Democrat. After mature reflection I
have determined to publicly change my politi
co! affiliation, and this evening I cake this
public confession at the faith that is In me.
I am opposing the Democratic par
ty because it is now radical, revolu
tionary, impractical and populistic,
and because its present aspirations
are a menace to the welfare of the
country.
I am supporting 1 the Republican
party because it is conservative, prac
tical, progressive and creative, and
because its success at this election is
necessary to tbe continuance of pros
perity.
I am ipavir.s the Democratic party because
that party has dethroned Jefferson, the man of
thought, the statffir.a3. the philosopher, who
b*!i*rve<! in sound mcrwry and territorial expan
t-irr., ard has enthroned Eryaa, the man of
tors to the End.
The Speaker Easily Held His Audi-
PLATT'S ELOQUENT ADDRESS.
C—^^ HATORS have come out of
Ik ** e East since the? opening
JM of the political campaign, but
Q San Frane'sco may say with
W pride mat a favorite son of
Jr ii^r own has excelled them
all. The ?pr<*ch delivered by
Horace G. Piatt at Metropoli
tan Temple last night, in <i!ctfon. in beau
tiful imagery, in pure eloquence. In clean
cut logic, in trenchant and comprehenFlve
treatment of the entire political situation,
outclassed all the addresses that preceded
It. BetrabUaui and Democratic.
The speaker occupied an hour and three
quarters m Its deiix'erj-. Frequent ap
pease interrupted him! Indeed, in por
tions of the address cheers punctuated al
most every sentence and followed surely
after every paragraph.
The audicr.ee. which fi'ied every seat
and occuplei all standing room around
the walls and well down the aisles, was
different from that present at the usual
campaign rally. Merchants and manufac
turers, attorneys physicians, clubmen and
society men were there, desirous of hear
ing San Francisco's lamed after-dinner
fpeaker — reared in an atmosphere of J<?f
fersonian Democracy — turn his eloquence
to the support of McKinley. Fashionably
dressed women were plentiful in the au
dience. ar.d the workinsmen and their
¦wives and daughters were well represent
ed. On the whole, the audience resembled
that which gathers at the annual lnter
collc-glate debate rather than the crowd
attracted by the ordinary political rally.
Albert Gerberding presided, and after
three songs by a quintet in Rough Rider
uniforms, he spoke as follows:
"I hcjK? that all of you are good Demo
crats and come here peeking reformation.
Mr. Platt's presence here to-night is uus
to the fact that love of couritrj- Is greater
and better than party fealty. It i3 lay
pleasar.t duty to introduce him to you."
It will take time to eradicate from our Island
possessions the evil effects of centuries of Span
ish misrule. For some time we must la the
Philippines sustain the law with visible force
until confidence la bred of Justice, and the hus
bandman learns that he will reap what he sows,
unmolested by native brigand or Governmental
bandit. This will require a standing army. A
great hue and cry is raised against a large
standing army, and from the pages of history
are culled the bloody records that standing
armies have Imprinted there of their onslaughts
upon the lives and liberties of the people. His
tory, like the Bible, can be used to prove any
crime or virtue, that human fears or hopes may
conceive. But history Is but an Incomplete and
Inaccurate narrative of the past. It tells noth
ing of the living present. It Is for to-day and
to-morrow that we are now planning and leg
islating. The people of this century and the
next are to produce the soldiers for our army.
This army will be of the same warp and woof
as the people whom It Is feared they will op
press. They will be American citizens, as an
American does not cease to be an American cit
izen when he becomes an American soldier.
the lapse of ever half a century we have not
kept our promise as to statehood lmperlalized
our Government? Is there a single fundamental
principle of our constitution, except trial by
Jury, that we have not extended to both Porto
Rico and the Philippines? There is none. There
is no distinction between our conduct in the
two acquisitions. The policy we adopted at the
start we still continue.
We Are
Our Brothers'
Keepers.
led warrlse hosts to battle or movM them t*
praise and thanksgiving- Inspired by Its mu
sla Lincoln saved the Union, leaving at his
death one flag alor.e floating in the United
States, and McKinley enlarged this nation and
maintained Its flag in distant lands, where fata
and valor planted It. and boldly and confidently
asks. "Who will haul It down?"
Xelther Individuals nor nations can llvs to
themselves alone. We ar» our brothers' keep
ers. This nation In tha great plans of the Al
mighty. In Uro
? ? economy of man-
3
Growing Evils.
Financial Honor
Sacred
as the Flag.
Bryanism Is
the
Paramount Issue.
No Laurels on
Colonel
Bryan's Brow.
Such Treason
Encourages
the Rebellion.
If Aguinaldo Had
Not Attacked
Our Army.
American People
and Popular
Government.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" I wrct: you for " fl 559 & Tl
advice February 4th, • f
1S96," writes Mrs.
Loaa Ilalstead. of Claremore, Cneroks* l*«t.,
Ind. Ty. "I was racfcingr with paia from the
bade of my head down to my- heels. Had
hemorrhage for weeks at a time, and waa un-
able to sit up for ten minutes at a time. You
answred my letter, advised me to use your
valuable medicine*, via.. Dr. Pierre's Favorite
Prescription. '. Golden Medical Discovery,* and
• Pleasant Pcl>ts,"also (rave advice about injec-
tions, baths and diet. To my surprise, in four
months from the time I began your treatment I
was a well woman, and have not had the back-
ache since, end now I put in sixteen hours a
day at hard work."
Dr. Piercc's Medical Adviser in paper
covers, is sent free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay expense of mailing
only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, n. y
* Favorite Pre-
scription n contains
no alcohol, and is
absolutely free
from opinm, co-
caine and all other
narcotics.
If you are sitting in a restaurant where
traitresses are in attendance, you will
note now and again some young woman
put her hand to her back, and straighten
herself up, while her lips are tightened
as if by pain. It's backache. Yet all
day* long she must
be on her feet, A>v52x
lifting, carrying, S^^^^i
That weak spot, V?fif
the back, can be v«__-3f
made strong by
the cae of Doctor
Pierce's Favorite J&n SL
Prescription. It traPBrnrrTB^
cures the womanly y*^^6 aWak
diseases which v'lMg&JBm
cause headache, \
backache, side- /'¦^BOteA^
ache, nervousness /* ffisfflk
and sleeplessness. I [a
It makes weak / I
-women strong I
and sick women J ,.
The weoh Spot.
/ f 1 \ MK MULRICHMOND, Wis.. Oct. 5.— John E. Glo
ver of this place and John j A. Humbird
of St. Paul have purchased of Frederick
"Wcycrhauser M),00o acres of stumpage in
Idaho, located along tnv headwaters of
the Clearwater. The tract contains 400.
000.000 fe»*. of high grade white pine and
over 1,000,000.000 feet of white and red
cedar, flr, etc.
Sale of Timber Land.
SWIMMING RACES flT
THE SUTRO BATHS
At Sutro Baths on Sunday. October 7.
the following races will be run:
Fifty-yard dash. juven!!,>s-F. Rundln P
f«"; k , H - B « ck »«y. J - O- linen.' XT. 15rro»:
J. MOCkton. J. Dlxon. T." Fell O Anderson
E. Klpp H. Smith. F. Hu«hetV Huzzon? £
Kerwln. C. Carter. E. Wells H Oohs J Vr-
Klllip. S. Flnnlffan. J. Mackel
Underwater swimming contest. h! K h diving
' i«& y V nd dlvln * for plate »- °P en to al1 
lWVyard race. amateurs— J. Bradley. R.
£ ee i ar r . • 11 ". J- Sanders. H. Mltrh'l.
Trtck and fan<-y sprinjrhoani rtlvin*— IT. r»o»
don. A. Rwse, F. Crowrter T farter O V.'al
lnce. J. Oarrttr.cr, J. McOutre. J. Kelly. J.
Lrasmy. V. Hand. O. Misner. L. HaywaMsun.
.1. Jackson. O. Kllburn. R. Cordell. K. Browa,
F. Butterwotth. G. Kelber.
Next Friday' evening. October 12. will
be ladies' night in the Young Men's
Christian Association gymnasium. Physi
cal Director O'Brien is preparing an In
teresting programme, consisting of turn
bling, pyramids, apparatus work and elec
tric club swinging — something new in this
line. Besides, the San 'Francisco Rushers
and the Athens of Oakland, the crack
basket-ball teams of the coast, will play
two 20-minute halves, and as there is
quite a rivalry between these two teams
the usual fierce and stubborn contest may
be expected. The programme will com
mence sharply at 8 o'clock.
BASKET BALL G0ME v
FOR LADIES* NIGHT
This will be the baseball clash of the
year— Sacramento and San Francisco with
but a few inches separating them In the
standing. Ever since the very beginning
of the season the Senators have been the
leading team of the. league. Two months
ago the "pretzel" brigade. Hank Harris'
nine diamond scrapers, began to fill with
microbes of action, and from last In the
list they moved upward, and now they
are within whispering distance of the
champions.
Last week San Francisco and Sacra
mento played a series of two games In
Sacramento, with honors divided in the
middle. This series will be for three
matches, two on the local diamond and
one in Oakland, Sunday morning. Two
victories for Frisco out of the three means
the lead: otherwise, the "champs" •will
stay where they are and give the old-time
grin to Hank Harris. A year ago about
this time the same conditions prevailed,
the same teams being in the same rela
tive positions. Then the Senators Intro
duced a few wise measures into their pol
icy and the local team was outdistanced.
A big lead at present for Sacramento
would in all probability decide the
championship of 1900, and then there
would be more local tears shed by fanat
ics. At any rate, this series will produce
whirls of excitement and every kind of
noise known to and practiced by the fa
natic. Last year at this stage of the sea
son the grounds were packed with vocif
erating enthusiasts. There is every prom
ise that as much noise will be generated
this Saturday and Sunday.
"Hank" Harris will try Iburg in Satur
day's game. Sunday morning Fireman
Fltz will play the hose on the Oakland
grounds, and should Iburg show good
form on Saturday he will also step on the
slab Sunday afternoon. Among the re
serves Harris holds Knell, ¦who may be
called into service." Iburg has been any
thing but unsolvable of late. In fact, the
opposing teams have been fixing their
hitting "lamps" upon his delivery with
direful effects. Doyle will twirl to-day
for the Senators. Devereaux in the morn-
Ing game at Oakland and Hughes Sunday
afternoon on the local grounds.
The teams will line up:
Sacramento. Positions. San Francisco
Stanley Catcher Sullivan
Doyle Pitcher Iburg
Hanlon First base Pabst
Stultz Second bnae Schwartz
Devtreaux Third base Reilly
Kenan Shortstop , ...Krue
McLiauchlln ijPtt field Levy
Sheehan , Onter field Brockhoff
Huches Right field Hildebrand
The freshman team Is slowly recovering
from its recent slump and will meet the
Mount Tamalpais team on the campus
next Saturday afternoon. Fewer men
have been out for places than formerly.
This is accounted for by the fact that
the management is werdJng out those in
special standing that eligible men may
have all the training possible.
The next game for which the first team
Is scheduled is with the San Jose Normal
on the San Jose grounds next Thursday.
Coach Yost started the training table
Thursday with fifteen men. More will be
added as the season advances, which will
be rapid if the present snappy weather
continues.
Several changes have been made in the
line men. Lee, formerly center, has been
moved out to tackle, taking Burnett's
place, who Is temporarily out of the game
on account of a severely twisted knee.
Emerson, a second eleven man* of * much
promise, is betng tried at the snap-back
place. The wise "ones are prophesying
that when Burnett does go back into the
game it will be as center. Allen, Mc-
Kadden. Nourse and Cooper are out for
end with chances in the order named.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 5.—
Improvement lias marked the work of. the
varsity squad during the past week. In
the game against the Reliance team
Saturday the cardinal aggregation proved
to be a strong one, though a large
score was not recorded in their favor.
From the standpoint of individual ability,
however, the showing was encouraging.
Seetejr and Slaker were given an oppor
tunity to nrove their football prowess,
much to the satisfaction of the coaches.
A.= an aggressive lineman and ground
gainer It is doubtful if Seeley will have
an equal on the coast this season. Slaker
is fast, runs low and hits a line like a
battering ram. When supported by the
rest of the team the sturdy little Chl
cagoan can be depended upon for material
gains. The work of Hill and Fisher at
halves was a surprise to all. Hill's long
*-nd runs and fierce tackle smashes mark
ed him for varsity honors, while Fisher
showed improvement over last season's
work both in advancing the ball and
backing up the line.
The line-u» for to-mcrrow is as fol
1ot.-f: Left end. Braley; left tackle, Al
brrtson; left guard. Clay; center, Corn
ish; right guard. Luce: right tackle,
Pringle: right end. Womble: quarter-back.
More: left half. Duden; right half, Smith;
full-back, Fautz.
The individual make-up of the team is
anything but final. Aside from the five
veterans. Smith, Womble, Pringle. Corn
ish and Clay, no other places in the <-leven
are at all sure. It is because of this
fact that the frequent changes in the
line-up during the game of to-morrow will
be noted and compared with unusual
interest. Braley has been given first
chance at Ihe vacant end, but his work
there has been only ordinary, and either
Hudson, Dibblee or Starr may take his
place soon. Albcrtson plays a fairly
steady game at ta«kle, but his rivals,
Hansen. Castlthun and Stowe, are plav-
Jng just as good, if not better ball. A
change in the line-up here is inevitable.
It is clear that one guard will have to be
lilled by a green man this year; and the
development of the best man for the place
is causing considerable interest. Luce, a
liut-'ky and rather insignilicant substitute
last year, "has been playing on. the Varsity
this Reason. Overall. Hendrjcks and Van
Valer. though new men. are playing close
up to him -and will force him to ¦ work
harder to hold his place.
The question of backs is, causing the
most anxiety. All the material for half
backs is comparatively light. Duden,
the heaviest and strongest man. has been
Kiven lirst chance and leads the bunch
by a narrow margin. The two star fresh
men, Sherman and Whipple. have a splen
did chance for the position when they cor
rect Eome dangerous crudities in their
play. Mini. Ka«-dingr and Promo are all
playing good ball. Fautz will be full
back if he keeps his present lead over his
ri\-als. He punts, runs, bucks and kan
garoos in good style, but is by no means
up to Kaarsberg's high standard. More
can outplay- him. but is i>< iiir tried at
quarter back — at present the weakest po
sition in the team. If. as now seems prob
able. McLean or Decoto should play the
position better, More will be returned to
full-back.
BERKELEY. Oct. 5.— The University of
California eleven, which will be pitted
against the Reliance team to-morrr.w
should have no difficulty in beating the
clubmen by a larger score than Stan
ford's last Saturday. Coach Kelly has
kept the same men playing togrther
steadily through the week, with the re
pult that a creditable amount of team
work has been developed. The backs are
light, but the line is heavy.
WHEELMEN PLANNING
FOR CLUB TOURS
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a
big smoker at their clubhouse, 441 Golden
Gate avenue, Saturday evening, October
27, George B. Stangenberger is chairman
of the committee of arrangements.
After several years of inactivity, the
result of an accident. Colonel Ralph de
Clalrmont, the pioneer bicycle rider of
the Pacific Coast and the second to own a
wheel In America, can once more be seen
among the ranks of the early morning
wheelmen. The colonells now 70 years of
ape, but in spite of the weight of time on
his back iis quite a notable figure on ac
count of his erect seat and skillful man
agement of his iron horse.
The California Associated Cyclists will
revive the annual 10-nule road race which
was such a feature of cycling several
years ago. It will be held from Fruit
vale to Haywards Sunday, October U.
Captain Thomas G. Spillane of the Olym
pic Wheelmen, chairman of the road rac
ing committee, has the event in charge.
Six members of the California Cycling
Club started to make a century run from
this city to San Jose and return under
seven hours last Sunday and • four fin
ished — C. L.. Brawn. 6 hours 40 minutes:
A. BarnwAll. 6:44; E. E.» Bergman. 6:53:
William Kbmbach, 7. C. Kristensen and
F. Westcott started, but broke down and
could not finish within the time limit.
This is the first club going for the cen
tury under the new time limit- of seven
hours. It used to be seven and a. half
hours.
Alexander E. J. Nye has been elected
captain and he has appointed Edwin Ru
sac Hrst lieutenant and Frank Bollo sec
ond lieutenant. It is the intention of the
club during the coming riding season to
devote a great deal of attention to coun
try runs. One method suggested is to let
each of the eleven directors of the club
name the destination of a run and have
charge of the arrangements. Now that
the club has given up racing every effort
will be made to make the country rides
attractive.
Membership — Archibald Reid. Austin
Kanzee, Fred C. Boeckmann. Frank H.
Kerrigan, -George B. Stangenberger;
house— Dr. E. T. Meivy, Frank Bollo,
Herbert W. Welch, Benjamin Raynaud:
race— Alex E. J. Nye, Frank Bollo. Fred
J. Gillman. Ed Rusac, M. B. Rambo, H.
T. Henning.
President Frank W. Smith of the Bay
City Wheelmen has named the following
committees to serve the club for the en
suing year:
The new board of managers of the Pa
cific Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union met last Tuesday evening to elect
officers. J. R. Bockman of the Ariel
Rowing Club declining to serve as presi
dent for another term W. B. Hlnehman or
the Alameda Boating Club was elected to
that office. II. A. Keeler of the Reliance
Athletic Club wished to resign his double
office of secretary-treasurer, but, was in
duced to continue to perform his duties
for the present at any rate. The com
mittee on the registration of athletes was
elected and consists of J. R. Bockman, II.
A. Keeler and A. P,' Rothkopf. The re
gatta committee is made up as follows:
T. Sands of the Pioneer Rowing CIud.
chairman; W. B. Hinchman, secretary: J.
R. Bockman. A. P. Rothkopf of the Dol
phin Boating Club, George James of the
Olympic Club and A. II. Mellitz of tho
South End Rowing Club.
The medals given by the semi-centennial
Admission day celebration committee of
the Native Sons of the Golden West and
raced for on September 9 were presented
to the winners or their representatives
last Saturday evening at the committee
rooms in the Palace Hotel.
At the last regular meeting of the Ariel
Rowing Club several new members were
initiated and the fund for building a new
.boathouse was started. The committee
appointed to select a site for the new
quarters of the club has reported favor
ably on a location near the Arctic Oil
Works. To aid-' the building fund a. ball
wiil be given in Union-square Hall toward
the end of next month. Shares or bonds
may be issued, as several members have
promised tb help the fund by taking stock.
As soon as $090 or $700 is secured the work
of building will begin. The house will be
of two or three stories and will contain
a storeroom for boats and oars, a' gym
nasium, danoeroom and lockers and pos
sibly a handball court. Nominations of
officers to serve during the coming year
will be made at the next meeting and
the election will take place in December.
An examination of the members of the
junior barge crew of the Ariels has
proved the fact that the barge did not
round the mark in the race on Admission
day, but passed over it. • '
A dinner will be given at a downtown
restaurant ne.xt Monday evening to th»
Pioneer senior barge crew which won tn»
championship at the last regatta. The
hostess will be Mrs. Muirhead, the late
J. B. Muirhead having been for many
years a member of the Pioneer Rowing
Club and an ardent supporter of rowing.
ARIEL ROWERS PLAN
ENLARGED QUARTERS
The ladies of the San Francisco Golf
Club are about to start a challenge class
similar to the one that has for some tlmo
been in existence at the Oakland, San
tiago and other golf clubs. The opening
game will take place at the Presidio links
to-day, and the places resulting from the
play will give the order of the players.
Once the class is established any lower
number may challenge the number im
mediately above, and if the player hold
ing the lower number beats the one hold
ing the higher she takes her place and the
defeated player takes the lower number.
The lowest player in the class is open to
challenge by any club player outside the
charmed circle. A player when challenged
must accept the challenge and play with
in a limited time or forfeit her place to
the challenger.
The Sausalito Golf Club is rapidly gain
ing new members and will soon be able
to engage in the much-needed work of im
proving Its course. General Shafter, to
whose courteous permission the club owes
the right to use the reservation as a golf
links, has promised to improve the wagon
road leading to the course as soon as
money can be spared for -that purpose.
-The tie in the match between two teams,
captained by W. P. Johnson and F. S.
Stratton. of the Oakland Golf Club, has
not yet been played off, owing to the ab
sence of H. H. Smith. Possibly another
player may be substituted and the tie
played off. To-day the qualifying rounds
over eighteen holes, medal play, for the
Captain's cup contest, will be played on
the Adams Point links. The eight play
ers who make the lowest scores will be
qualified to enter the competition for the
Captain's cup, the third contest for which
begins next Saturday.
LADY GOLFERS OPEN
SEASON AT PRESIDIO
The standing of the league teams:
For dogs defeated In the first round on
the first day of the stake there win be a
consolation, the prizes for which will
reach 512UO. In the annals of coursin? this
stake is second only to the great English
Waterloo. Jt will easily bo the premier
event in America.
All the trainers of nominated dogs are
busy these days training the hounds for
the great event. For Freedom, J. H.
Rosseter*s unbeaten champion and the
favorite in the stake, met with an
accident In the middle of the
week which will most likely inca
pacitate him from entering the stake
Among the fast ones fancied by the form
players are Curtis' Beacon and Luxor
Flying Fox. Narcissus. Sacramento Bov
and Mayflower. Some lofty guessing will
be necessary to pick the winner.
The Ingleside Coursing Association
seems to have stemmed the tide and
rtfled Itself safe in port. Last week
trconz rumors were afloat that the asso
ciation would withdraw from the game
until either the litigation now pending
reached a finish or the old Ingleside Park
was reopened. But this proved to be
solely rumor. As the stake for to-dav
and to-morrow shows, the San Mate©
park is still in full operation
A , 1 San Mateo Park a seventy-two-dog
stake will be run and at Union Park a
nlnety-six-dog stake. Coursing will begin
at both parks upon the arrival of the
10:lo a. m. train.
The lull In coursing circles at present
is not by any means due to Inaction or a
cessation of interest In the game. Ther*»
is no jumpy excitement manifested now In
passing events by the leashmen. for their
eyes are turned to the future, the. end of
this month, when the great John Grace
challenge cup stake will bo run at Union
Park.
Sixty-four of the fleetest and strongest
hounds have been nominated for this*
stake. Two payments of ?10 each have
been made, and on the night of the draw
the last payment. $30, will be due. This
makes an entrance fee of $50 for each
nomination, or $3200 entrance money in
all. With what the Interstate Coursing
Association and the Union Park Associa
tion adds to the stake over $7000 In prizes
will be distributed to the winners.
Classic Coursing Event,
Prizes of Which Run
Into the Thousands.
STRUGGLE FOR
THE HONORS OF
CHAMPIONSHIP
BIG WATERLOO
STAKE TO HAVE A
LOCAL EQUAL
THE football Pfason opened last Saturday with A match game between
Stanford and Reliance, a victory for the former by a single touch-down.
The content showed undevelopment of both teams and all the early
crudities of a first game.
As it was the Jir.<t real game in which the Reliance men found them
pelves their play was comparatively good. During the present work the club
athletes havo been training earnestly and expect to give a much better perform
ance against California to-day. There in good material in the team and it is
slowly but Eurcly developing. The football critic who has cast his eye over the
gridiron horizon anticipates late development of all three teams.
RELIANCE AND
CALIFORNIA ON
THE GRIDIRON
IMPROVEMENT
IN PLAY IS NOTED
AT PALO ALTO
Club and College
Football Athletes Will
Play at Berkeley.
Captain Burnett Meets
With an Injury to His
Knee and Is Disabled.
Recreation Grounds
Will Resound. With
Fanatic Turmoil.
V. Bell will try the Cordelia ponds. r
On the Canvasback Club preserves Joe 1
Sweeney, W. J. Hines, James Maynard, I
Clarence Haight and J. Wand got a string j
of 150 birds. W. J. Hines was high, with |
sixty-five.
Three hundred ducks were shot by
members of the Pringle Club on the open- |
ing day. M. O. Feudner brought In 92
and A. M. Shields 43. The remander were
killed by Jack Harper. J. A. Wilson, Ed
Whitby and AV. H. Bryan.
The Suisun Club members were equally
fortunate, 250 birds being the total. J. C.
Murphy being responsible for 5S of them.
A. R*. Jackson tried the Point Reyes
marshes and distributed 100 birds among
his friends.
At Alvarado the shooters were kept
dodging falling ducks. One party of threp
guns netted 350 birds. At the Willow
Lodge Club 600 ducks fell to four guns in
the hands of C. H. Shaw. Dr. F. J. Lane,
Bob Cirnen and Andy Wilson. Ed E.
Rchultz. who shot in the vicinity, is cred
ited with 200 birds.
From inside recounts there must have
been an awful siaughter of mallard, teal,
canvasback and sprig in Sacramento
County on Monday last. The members ol
the Del Paso Outing Club, the most prom
inent of the capital city's sportsmen or
ganizations, are still recounting to their
friends weird yarns of the frightful fu
sillading they gave the birds on that
eventful occasion.
WHENEVER two or more duck
shooters get together these
days— on the street corner, in
club, bar, cafe or business of
fice—the haupy hand is extend
ed and mutual congratulations are ut
tered. Not in many years has there been
such an auspicious opening of the season.
Even the oldest and most grizzled of the
winter shooters cannot bring back to
mind any other year, just like thie. From
north to south; wherever there Is a pond
or marsh suitable for duck feeding, there
birds are to be found. -Returning sports
men say that the birds were so plentiful
that they simply had to stop shooting.
The season opened last Monday, a day
when ordinarily but a few of the shooters
could leave their business affairs for the
sport of the marshes. Tho temptation
was too great, however, and the trains
that left town Saturday and Sunday even
ings were crowded with shooters bound
for the preserves. To-night every train
that passes through the Suisun country
will be packed with duck shooters. All
week long these sportsmen have been
ehating for this day. To the great ma
jority it will be the initial shoot of the
reason.
Sprig, teal and widgeon arc the species
abounding in the marshes at the, present
time. A few mallards have been shot, hut
not enough to count in three figures. The
best shooting reports come from the Sul
sun and Alvarado marshes, where the
birds have been flying very strong. The
rain during the past week will make the
conditions even more favorable than on
the opening day.
Two new eluos began life last Monday
in action— the Field and Tule Club, with
grounds at Cordelia, and the. Point Reyes
Sportsmen's Club, which has e-xtensive
hunting and fishing grounds .in Marln
County. The members of both clubs en
joyed the first shoot of the season, bring
ing back to town heavy strings of birds.
The Field and Tule Club gave a house
v.-arming last Saturday evening that last
ed from 6 o'clock until 4 the noxt mom
ing. A many-course dinner was served,
with wine accompaniment. On the Sab
hath the sportsmen rested— the season did
not open until the following day, when
they went at it with a double-barreled
vengeance. The party consisted of F. H.
Bushncll, F, V. Hell. A. Oummings. Dr.
A. T. Derby. R. If. Dclafiold. II. B. Hos
mer. A. F. Monke. L. W. Harpham. H.
T,. Miller, A. M. Shields. T,. Titus, M. K.
T T ngor. J. J. "Wirtnor. C. McMahon. Major
Eistrie and W. J. Street. The total num
ber of birds killed was 240. Dr. Derby was
high man. with 4fi to his credit. To-mor
row K. W, BriKgrs, H. L. Miller. AV. Bay,
H. B. Hosmcr, A. M. Cummings and F.
BEST WE HAVE EVER HAD,
SO SAY THE DUCK SHOOTERS
DUCK SHOOTING ON THE MARSHES ABOUT THE BAY.
NOTEWORTHY PROFESSIONAL AND AMATEUR
THE SA]S' FKA^CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, ; OCTOBER 0, 11)00. '
4
CLUBS
Parana
n
3
n
¦ : :
H
'acramento
: an Francisco
Unckton ,
>akland
_i t j [
. 37 I 23 66 I
. 3S 31 EO i
.. 30 37 67
.. 32 <<> 72
(
I .550
.447
Ml
CLUBS
Parana
n
3
n
¦ : :
H
'acramento
: an Francisco
Unckton ,
>akland
_i t j [
. 37 I 23 66 I
. 3S 31 EO i
.. 30 37 67
.. 32 <<> 72
(
I .550
.447
Ml
Everything may come to the man who
waits— except another man who owes him
money.
Street railway strikes are not limited to
America, as about 800 employes, at Burta-
fiest have recently struck for an Increase
n pay and reduction in hours.GAPOLIN IS WINNER
OF PRODUCE STflKE
LONDON*. Oct. 5.— At the Kernpton Park
autumn meeting to-day the Imperial Prod
uce stake of 1000 sovereigns for the foaU
of IStW, to run at two years, six furlongs,
was won by H. Chaplin's bay filly Gapo
lin, ridden by "Danny" Maher. Secoml
llace was enptured by Mr. Theobald's
brown colt Volodyovski; L. ReifT had the
mount. Santiland came in third. Nino
I orses :an.
• The Middlesex selling plate, one mile
and a half, waa won by Fahullst, guide 1
by J. Marton. Merganter ran second,
with Rigby up. and Yusen, with Tod
Slcan in the saddle, *vas third. *
The Half Mcon selllns Nursery handi
cap, five furlonirs. was won by Bredacott.
ridden by Maher.
The Richmond plate, handicap of KX*)
sovereigns, rix furlongs, was won by J.
A. Drake's bay colt Sir Hercules, on
which Lester Relff had the mount.
PACING TEfiM BREAKS
A WORLD'S RECORD
L0ST CRICKET GAME
FOR 1900 PROGRAMME
Those old rivals on California cricket
fields, the Alameda and Pacific clubs, will
meet to-morrow on the Webster-street
ground at Alameda for the last time dur
ing the season of 1900. The match will
make no difference in the results of tho
year, as the pennant to be presented by
Kdward Brown, president of the Califor
nia Cricket Association, to the club mak
ing the highest percentage during the
season ha? already been clearly won by
the Alameda club. The Pacific eleven will
be the following: J. Myers. C. P. Coles,
G. Theobald. J. J. Theobald, J. H. Har
bour. A. B. Willis. A. W. Wilding. D.
Jamieson. W. Jameson. W. McDonald
and H. C Casidy (captain). " The colors
of the Alameda club will be worn by J.
II. Saunders. H. Ward Sr., Harold Ward
Jr.. F. Croll. V. Seebeck. B. Bird. G.' I.
Bauch. W. G. Fortman. W. Richter, F.
Stahl and R. B. Hojrue Ccaptain).
The cricket club connected with the
Santa Cruz Country Club has communi
cated with the secretary of the associa
tion with regard to visiting San Francisco
at the end of the month. Arrangements
will be made for two matches. Santa Cruz
Country Club vs. the Alameda Cricket
Club on Saturday, the 27th. and Santa
Cruz vs. Pacific Cricket Club on the 2Sth.
hJARRY V0RDON WINS
GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP
CHICAGO, Oct. 5.— Before the largest
gallery that ever witnessed a golf cham
pionship in America, Harry Vardon. for
mer champion of Great Britain, won the
United States Golf Association open
championship from England's premier
golfer, J. H, Taylor, by the narrow mar
pin of two strokes on the Chicago Golf
Club links at Wheaton this afternoon.
Closing his first half of the long cham
pionship route with an advantage of one
stroke of Champion Taylor. Vardon be
gan to-day's contest with his best round,
concluded it with his worst and totaled
313 strokes. Taylor waa four strokes to
the bad side of the account at noon, with
three-quarters of the tournament played,
and finished with a total of 315.
David Bell of Carnoustie. the profes
sional of Midlothian, with former cham
pion Willie Smith, gained third place In
the championship with a total of 323
strokes. Bell won the $150 In cash and tho
gold medal presented by a. big golf supply
house for the American golfer who fin
ished next to Vardon and Taylor.
»
STB.IKE FOB, SMALIEE
WAGES AND WIN OTJT
Kentucky Miners Secure Recognition
Will Rssuxne Operations.
JOLIET. III.. Oct. 5.— After being Idle
three weeks for repairs the Pressed Steel
Car Ccmcany will resume next Monday,
putting on double turn about 500 men.
for Their Union by Accepting
a Reduction.
OWENSBORO. Ky., Oct 6.— The strik
ing miners at Baskett won their strike for
recognition of the union, carrying with it
a reduction of their wages. T. C. Blair,
former owner of the coal mines, never
recognized the Coal Miners' Union, but
paid wapes averaeinj? j cents more than
the union schedule. The union has be«n
recotrnized and the Pittsburgr scale signed.
This Is probably the first strike for lower
wages ever made.
LEXINGTON'. Ky.. Oct. 5-— The track
was fast to-day and Charley Herr broke
the track record for a race by going the
second heat in the 2:ff? trot in 2:07 flat,
which is a new record also for the little
bulldog trotter. He won the race in
straight heats and was loudly aplaudetf
when the race was over. The Wilson was
won with ease by Vesper in straight heats
after she had lost the first to Saul.
Two pacers entered the 2:10 list in this
race. Belle Onward won the first heat in
the 2:14 trot, but made a break near the
three-quarters in the second, was run over
by Scott Hudson and Baron ~ell and was
out of it. No serious damage was done
and the mare started again. After this
there was nothing in it but Dolly Bidwell,
and she won easily in straight heats.
Summaries:
I -OS trot, purse $1100— Charley Herr won three
straight heats In 2:09H. 2:07, 2:CS. Gratton Boy
and Gay ton also started.
The Wilson etake. purse $1000. for 2:10 pacers
—Vesper won the third, fourth and fifth heats
In 2-ll«4 2"-13. 2:1314- Saul took the first heat In
2-00H. The Admiral took the second heat In
2 : WU Cuba. Annie Thornton. Tom Calhoua,
Jean Ir.trelow and Bonnie Direct also started.
224 trot, purse J1C00— Dolly Btd-arell won the
seccnd third and fourth heats In 2:13%, 2:13.
2-H Belle On-«rard took the first heat In 2:UH
gcrlnsdale. Margaret. Red Cliff, Cozad. Hen
rietta. Mabel C. Lord Untoa. Mlnka, Earon
Bell. Hayama. William J. Caito and Sally
Spencer also started.
CHARLEY HERR BREAKS
THE TRACK RECORD
HARRY ELKES BREAKS
ALL WORLD'S RECORDS
BROCKTON. Mass.. Oct 5.— Every
record - from two miles - to ¦ an hour waa
broken to-nfght by Harry Kikes at the
Shoe City oval In a race with Arthur
Ross. He covered the distance of 39 miles.
1045 yards, beating the record of Chase,
made two weeks ago at the Parts Expo
sition, of 38 miles, 464 yards. Kikes rode
the ordinary pace, without. wind shields,
while Chase had all those protections. In
bis ride to-day Elkes beat by one mile
571 yards all previous records, coming
within 715 yards of making forty miles in
ore hour.
Charges Dismissed.
NEW YORK. Oct. o.— The Grand Jury
to-day reported a dismissal of the
charges which have been frequently made
against the Traders' Fire Insurance Com
pany officials.
The California Pigeon and Homing So
ciety held their third and last race of the
southern series from San Lucas on Sun
day, September 30. Sixty birds competed.
Barnes, who had a good prospect of win
ning the silver trophy, failed to have a
bird arrive soon enough to uphold his
average, his bird getting fourth place of
honor, which places him second best aver
age for the series.
The winner of the race and the sliver
trophy was William Hartery. The re
turns of the race and averages of the se
ries are as follows:
First— W. Hartery's I.X. 567: arrived 11:32
a. m.; distance air line 137 miles 1434 yards:
velocity S44 2-100 yards per minute.
Second— H. C. Worth's A. 63; arrived 11:32^
a. m.: distance air line 13; miles; velocity
936 3S-10O yards per minute.
Third— Williams Bros.' LX. S64; arrived
ll:40Vi a. m.; air line not surveyed.
Fourth — J. S. Barnes' A. 1923: . arrived 11:43
a. m. ; distance air line 136 miles 1120 yards:
Telocity 877 66-100 yards per minute.
Fifth— J. Jervls* I.X. 295; arrived 12:04H p.
m.; distance air line 134 miles 1273 yards; ve
locity 815 4-100 yards per minute.
Sixth— H. Miller; not reported.
Average for the series: "
First— W. Hartery. 971 88-100 yards per mln
ute; prize, silver trophy and diploma.
Second— J. S. Barnes, 965 77-100 yards per
minute prize, pair of breeders and diploma.
Third— H. C. Worth, 965 67-100 yards per min
ute: prize, two volumes breeding: books and
diploma. .
Fourth— 'Williams Bros. ; prize, pair of homers
and diploma.
Fifth— J. Jervis. 913 1-100 yards per minute;
prize, pair of youngsters and diploma.
Sixth— H. Miller; diploma.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ¦ Clubs— W. L. p c t.
Brooklyn SO 52 .606 Chicago 63 63 .477
Plttsburg ...74 57 .565 St. Louis. ...61 72 .450
Philadelphla.71 62 .534 Cincinnati ...59 74 .444
Boston 65 63 .4S9 New York... 57 77 .426
NEW YORK. Oct. 5.— Boston dropped the
first of the present series to the New Torks at
the Polo Grounds this afternoon. Willis" wild
ness in the first Inning rave New York six
runs. Taylor pitched good ball and had the
Boston batters fruesslng throughout. Attend
ance. 400. Score:
Clubs— R. h. E.
New York 9 8 1
Boston 1 10 3
Batteries— Taylor and Bowerman; Willis and
Clarke. Umpire, Snyder.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 5.— Scott was hit very
hard to-day. Attendance. .300. Score:
Clubs — R_ H. E.
Cincinnati 18 1
St. Louis 6 10 1
Batteries— Scott and Peltz; Sudhott and Rob
inson. Umj>ire, EmsIIe.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 5.— The Philadelphia-
Brooklyn game was postponed on account of
wet grounds.
LAST PIGEON RACE OF
THE SOUTHERN SERIES
BOSTON LOSES FIRST
GAME OF NEW SERIES
Describes the System Used by Flint
Glass Workers to Industrial
Commission.
KUNZLER IN FAVOR OF
COMPULSORY ARBITRATION
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— John F. Kunz
ler. president of tfce American Flint Glass
Workers' Union, was before the Indus
trial Commission to-day representing th6
workmen in the general Investigation Into
labor arbitration. Mr. Kunzler said he
represented between 9000 and 10,000 work
ers, the various branches of the flint glass
trade being amalgamated into one union.
He described the annual settlement of the
wage scale by the committee of the work
ers and the manufacturers.
He said it did not obviate strikes en
tirely as there were at present some small
strikes in progress over local questions,
but the arrangement on the whole was
satisfactory. He said he had not made a
special study of compulsory arbitration,
but thought it was a good thing and
would be glad to sec a national law of
that sort in operation.
MAY TAX RAILWAYS
ON THEIR PROPERTY
Governor Pingree to Call a Special
Session of the Michigan
I*egislature.
DETROIT. Mich., Oct. 5.— Governor Pin
gree will call a special session of the State
Legislature to convene on Wednesday or
Thursday of next week. The object is to
consider a Joint resolution authorizing
submission to the people at the general
election next month of a constitutional
amendment to permit the taxing of rail
roads and other corporations on the value
of their property. Instead of specifically
upon their earnings as at present. Th'!
Atkinson act. which was declared uncon
stitutional by the Supreme Court a short
time ago, provided for this change.
WILL RECONSIDER THE
SUGAR BOUNTIES QUESTION
Representatives of Germany, Austria
and France to Meet in
Paris.
BERLIN", Oct. 6.— It is .officially an
nounced that representatives of Germany,
Austria and France will meet In Paris In
a few days to reconsider the sugar boun
ties question. The French Govern
ment proposed the reconsideration. The
German delegates are not instructed and
it depends on the result of the prelimina
ries wliether the deliberations, which were
abortive at Brussels, will be resumed. If
Franco is prepared to concede enough to
Justify the hope that an understanding
can be reached all the sugar-producing
countries will be invited to another con
ference.
BROTHER OF BRAZIL'S
PRESIDENT MTT-R.TVFyR.-fli>
Colonel Campos Salles Killed, by an
Italian Fanner in San
Pablo.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1300, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
RIO JANEIRO. Brazil, Oct' B.-^Colonel
Campos Salles. brother of the President of
Brazil, has been assassinated in San Pablo
by an Italian farmer named Angel Sun
gerettl.
President Salles will *not postpone his
visit to Buenos Ayres on account of his
bereavement. Pie will arrive in Buenos
Ayres on October 24, and will remain there
until October 30.
m
Killed by an Explosion.
SHAMOKIN, Oct. 5.— By an explosion
at the Beckry Powder Mills near here
last night, Daniel Burke and Daniel Hale
Bush received injuries from which they
have since died, and Rephard Dewett was
so badly burned that he is not expected
to recover.
Commission Decides to Present It to
Prominent Frenchmen and
Museums.
DISPOSITION OF THE
CALIFORNIA EXHIBIT
PARIS. Oct. 5.— The California Expo
sition Commissioners have decided to
present their effects and exhibits to prom
inent Frenchmen and to th» mus»um«.
hospitals and schools of Paris. A beau
tiful redwood table, eight feet in amm
eter, made from a California tree, and
which attracted much attention, has been
accepted by President Loubet. A large
number of forestry specimens which se
cured a grand prix have been donated to
the Vlncennes forestry museums. Simi
lar gifts have been made to other mu
seums. The great Paris hospital, the Ho
tel Dieu, has received a selection of Call*
fornla wines, fruits and foodstuffs.
SOLDEEES AND SOCIALISTS
CXASH IN BELGIUM
Disturbance Caused by the Rendition
of Nationalist Airs by the Reg
imental Band.
GHENT. Belgium, Oct. 5.— A serious
conflict took place to-day between a num
ber of socialists and soldiers during an
open-air performance by a regimental
band. The band was a royalist
air and the socialists began singing revo
lutionary songs and stoned some soldiers
who were in company with the bands
men.
The soldiers thereupon drew their
swords, and In the flght which followed
several persons were wounded, especially
the bandmaster and an officer. Many ar.
rests were made.
ACCUSED OF HAVING
SLAIN HEB HTJSBA1XD
Damaging Evidence Leads to the Ar
rest of Mrs. David Crockett
FATAIXY SHOT BY
HIS FATHER-IN-LAW
at Pendleton.
PENDLETON. Or.. Oct. 5,-Mrs. David
Crockett was brought here and placed in
jail to-day to appear before the Grand
Jury. She is accused of having murdered
her husband at Milton on Monday night.
The authorities claim to have made the
discovery that the woman on Saturday
bought the pistol that was found in the
hand of the dead man. Her twelve-year
old son says she was In the room with his
father when the shot was fired, although
she declared that she was in an adjoining
room and did not hear the report. The
officers think they will be able to prove
that there is another man la the case.
WHEELING, "W. Ve.. Oct. 5.— General
Dryden, a prominent attorney, was shot
and killed to-day by Thomas Workman,
his father-in-law. WhUe Dryden's father
in-law waa visiting him, Dryden became
enraged at his wife and began beating
her.
Her father undertook to protect her.
and finally to save himself he drew a re
volver and Bhot Dryden. Mrs. Dryden
Is prostrated. , ».-.¦'
Wants Anarchists Suppressed.
PARIS, Oct. 5.— Le Journal publishes a
dispatch from Its Rome correspondent
saying the Italian Government has sent
to Washington- a protest against" the
"excessive liberty" accorded anarchists
In the United States.
Viking at Cienfuegos.
HAVANA. Oct. 5.— The revenue cutter
Vlkinir, which ran aground early in the
week on a key about sixty miles from
Batabano. has arrived at Clenfuegos.
General Wood and the members of his
party are well.
McKinley to Leave Canton.
WASHINGTON*. Oct. 5.— A telegram
from Secretary Cortelyou ¦ received at the
White House states that the President.'
lurs. McKlnley and the entire party will
leave Canton next Monday afternoon at
1 o'clock. .-"'¦--"•-•'
The San Francisco and California yacht
c";ubs have a cruise to Vallejo on their
programmes for to-<lay. returning to-mor
row, but though tide and moon are favor
cbie it is not likely that many owners
v.lll care to take so long a trip at this
reason. The winds are becoming fluky
cri<i it is a cr.se of a calm or half a gale.
neither of which i< quite satisfactory.
Some cf the Corinthian yachts will
cruise this evening up to Corinthian Cove.
w here they will drop anchor for the night.
< »'.hers will sail up to-morrow morning
if the wind permits or will be towed from
Tiburcn by a launch. To-morrow the an
nual Corinthian land sports will be held,
the principal feature being the baseball
pane between the "Keegans" and the
•"Shorts," the former captained by F. E.
Sehober and the latter by Jack Short.
Luncheon will be provided to-morrow un
«!*r the direction of Port Captain John H.
Keefe. and c larce launch will be engaged
to tow the Seet to its moorings in case of
the wlr.'l failing.
The yachts Queen ?nd Edna, both of the
C'orinthian Yacht Club, had a. race over
the channel course last Sunday. E. F.
Sagar of the slr^cp Edna and his crew
Faked the Queen and J. S. Hanson of the
slcop Qur-en and his crew sailed the Edna.
The race was very close, the Queen com-
Ir.z home in the lead and winning bv
atvmt two minutes corrected time.
J. T. Carrier's sloop Jessie E of the
California Yacht Club took out a party cf
thirteen on the bav last Sunday. Oft
California City A. J. Storey, who was
Standing on the d*ck. was struck by the
rnnin boom and thrown overboard." The
yacht was brought about and he was
p:<-ked up somewhat exhausted. A week
before that the sloop Mascot, also with a
r°.rty cf thirteen of bcth sex*** on board.
¦<vas becalmed in Raccoon Straits and
spent the night there, the worn-out pleas
ure seekers not reaching home till Mon
d v afternoon.
The Macdonough and Law cups and the
prizes given by the semi-centenn'.al Ad
mteeloa day celebration committee of th«?
Native Sons cf the Golden West, and
raced for at the annual regatta of the
Pac!f.c Ir.terclub Yacht Association, were
presented to the owners of the winning
>.r>ats cr thfir representatives yesterday.
The principal trophy was the Macdon
euirh cud. the first prize In the 30-foot
class. The cup is ornamented with th*
CaM'orr.Ia poppy Jn relief, and bears an
appropriate inscription. The presentation
r^rr.arks were made by Commodore H. D.
Hawks of the Corinthian Yacht Club.
J. J. McCarthy, secretary of the semi
oenter.r.:a! celebration committee, was
present on behalf of that body, and there
was quite a gathering of - yachtsmen.
.thirteen cups In all were presented, the
winners h*lr.z th* owners of the follo*^
5r.e yachts: The 20-footers Klttiwake and
T^er: the 25-footers May and Merope;
the ».CbOteni Presto and Aeolus; the 26
festers Harpoon and Edna; the 44-faot
rrs Speedwe'! a^d O.ara. and the 70-footor
Cfatepa. In the yawl class the recipients
were the owners of the Gypsie and the
Arcturus. The cup* Ere mostly three
handled cues, ar.d all are of solid pllver
Altogether they are far the handsomest
ft of trcph£ 8 *v~r offered to th«»
yachtsmen of San Francisco Bav
TARS TO PL£Y BALL
AT CORINTHIAN COVE
LONDON', Oct. C— Thirty-two contests
took place yesterday in the parliamentary
general election. Mcst of them were In
the rural districts and the results have
not yet been announced. So far as known.
441 members have been declared elected,
and the relative strength of the parties
is as follows: Ministerialists, 301; Lib
erals, 77; Nationalists, CO; I>aborl:es, 3.
In the Straiford and Wldne3 divisions
of Lancashire, Sir John William McClure
and John Saunders Gilllat, who respec
tively represented those constituencies in
the late parliament, have been returned
by the Conservatives with enormously in
creased majorities.
Sir Robert Bannatyne Flnlay, Attorney
General, was re-elected as the Liberal-
Unionist candidate in Invernessburg.
At Maidstone the Liberals secured a
seat, their candidate, J. Parker", receiving
2200 votes as against 2162 cast for his Con
servative opponent, Fienness S. W. Corn
wallls. who represented the district in tho
late parliament.
Thus far the Ministerialists have gained
twenty-three scats and the opposition fif
teen, which will give the Government an
additional sixteen votes on a division in
the House of Common;'.
Last evening Mr. Chamberlain, Secre
tary of State for the Colonies, sent the
following telegram to a candidate:
"Let all patriotic Englishmen remem
ber the words of the Mayor of Mafeking:
'A seat lost to the Unionist government
is a seat gained by the Boers.' "
Government Has Additional
'Votes in Case of a
Division.
CONSERVATIVES
STILL GAINING
PARIS, Oct. 5.— The International Peace
Congress epitomized its work In an appeal
to the nations, adopted to-day, in which
the congress condemns the refusal of the
British Government to agree to arbitra
tion or mediation In South Africa, and
expresses keen regret that the majority
of the governments who might have
offered mediation abstained from doing so
In spite of their pacltlc declarations at
The Hague. Regarding China, the con
gress:, after recognizing and pointing out
the primary causes of discontent upon the
part of the Chinese, urges that the solu
tion of the conflict be just and equitable
and in conformity with the inalienable
right of the populations to freely dispose
of themselves.
The congress also characterizes the Ar
menian massacres as the most odious deed
of recent times, and expresses the hope
that the universal indignation of the civ
ilized world will force the governments to
find a radical solution.
Continuing the congress points out the
moral and material Injury resulting from
formidable armaments and recommends
the governments to study those questions
on the solution of which, it is asserted,
depends the prosperity and the very ex
istence of the nations.
The congress then recommends Interna
tional arbitration and urges the conclu
sion of treaties making arbitration perma
nent and obligatory.
It is claimed the congress has thus
placed before the world the basis for a
preliminary study of International differ
ences, as they occur, in order to facili
tate pacific solutions before Irritation
spreads to the ill-informed masses.
Urges All Nations to Make
Arbitration Permanent
and Obligatory.
APPEAL MADE BY
PEACE CONGRESS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 5.— This Gov
ernment is preparing to take very de
cisive steps. It is learned, with a view to
bringing Turkey to a prompt performance
of its promises and obligations with re
spect to the claims of the Unietd States.
The recall of All Ferrouh Bey. Turkish
Minister, has vastly stimulated interest in
the somewhat strained diplomatic rela
tions with the Sublime Porte ar.d every
step in the negotiations is watched with
keen interest, especially now that it is
possible for the American fleet to be
withdrawn from Eastern waters for a
possible demonstration In the ...editerra
nean.
It was learned to-day from a high offi
cial source that the administration Is of
the opinion that no extreme measures will
be necessary In dealing with the Sultan,
but that It Is prepared to adopt such
measure? if the more usual and gentler
resources of diplomacy are of no effect.
These harsher measures will be. In the
event of th? failure of the present nego
tiations, nothing: less than an ultimatum
which would be presented to the Sultaii
by Minister Oscar S. Straus.
In speaking of this phas* of the situa
tion the official already referred to said:
"Our Government will not cease Its In
sistence upon the payment of these claims
ar.d has detained Mr. 3traus hero pending
the conelus'.ori of these negotiations, an't
unless these negotiations are speedily
concluded In a way entirely satlsfactory
to our Government and la accordance with
the promises made by the Sultan Mr.
Straus will return with very positive in
structions, which will brinp Turkey to
a realization that our Government ex
pects the Sultan to respect ms repeated
promises. "
Government officials here do not believe
that extreme measures will become neces •
sary. especially as the Turkish Govern
ment recognizes the bindinp force of its
promises, which have been repeated to tho
United States Charge since -»Ir. Straus'
return. The whole of the negotiations
have been difficult ar.d are considered
hlphly creditable to tho State Department
ar.d to the diplomacy and skill of Mr.
Straus.
United States Will Make a
Naval Demonstration,
if Necessary.
SUBLIME PORTE
MUST PAY CLAIMS
THE ABOVE PICTURE OF CONEY 2:0314. THE AMATEUR WORUI'S PACING RECORD TO WAGON. WAS TAKEN
AT TERRE HAUTE. HOLDING THE REINS OVER THE MARVELOUSLY FAST CALIFORNIA-BRED SON
OF JIcKIXXEY IS HIS OWNER, ED GAYLORD. OXE OF THE BEST DRIVERS IN THE COUNTRY.
First Academe League
Game of ihe Series
Is Flayed in This City.
— . —
Members cf the Lick and Lowell schools
football team* rr.f«t yesterday in the first
pj.rae Df the Fea.ion of the Academic Ath
letic I-cssrue at the ba!l jjrcjnds= at Six
teenth and Folfon streets. The fame was
von by the Lcvrlls »>y a score cf 6 to 0.
The garr.e was celled at 3 o'clock and
tbe Licks had the advantage of the kick
oil. Middieton of the Lov.-c'.l team se
cured the ball and made a good twenty
yard run -jp the BeML The plpslcin was
frraduclly worked to near ihe Licks' poai
pestx. but Tilth dogRevl ir.tcrferer.ee they
h^ld on and up to th*- end of the f.r*t half
There vras no score fcr «-ith~r team. The
fame up to this time wa> very slow. The
beys wrre not ir. condition and repeated
1'ng waits ensufl to pive the players
t:me to recover their wind.
The seecn-i hi!f proved more int<re<5tlne
snd the Lowells treat to v.ork with blocl
In their eye. Aft«>r a few minute?" p'ay
Kamlltor. the fullback of the Lowell
tf-am. with a well-directed kirk ser.t the
ball w«?ll down the lield. It was taken up
by Roor.ey. who in a grand run made the
l';n=t touchdown cf the day. The young
Indies of the Loveli High School, who
Tvere enthusiastic rooters, treat wild with
Jojr. Soon after Vopworth sent the ball
between the poal posts. The score then
Ftood 6 to 0 In favor of Lowell, and ?o It
remained until the close of the game. Vos
w<->rth played -i pood (tame throughout.
Titt of the Licks is a crod man and
made fevfrnl brilliant plays, but he did
not receive the support that he deserved.
K^rn. also of the Licks, did good work.
The line-up was as follows:
Lowc'.I. PoV.tloo. L'.ck.
Kidd On-«r Titt
J"-ur!a« Quarter Ferruson
V.:ii;arr_« liicht Ouard FIpck
\Vj-worth I>rt Guard Sch'uf
Ftcrn5 P.'.rht End Miller
J.«-«-itt I-*-rt Kr.fl Moss
Vii'ileton I^Tt TacWIe W1tte
Oral- ntc^.t Tackle Heltrr.uUer
r.ooney R'.pht Hft'.f Kern
Moore Left Half Swift
Hamilton Tu'.l Park Bradford
LOWELL BOYS
DEFEAT LICKS
BY ONE GOAL
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Henry's riding
was the feature of the racing at Morrli
Park to-day. Out of five mounts he won
four and finished third once. His . first
mount was en Glenellie in the Bonnlbert
handicap, and after a lough journey ho
had to be content with third place. This
race J was the feature of the day. The
Musketeer and Carnelian made the run
ning for five furlongs, when there was a
general closing, and O'Connor, bringing
Dr. Barlow up with a rush, won cleverly
by a length from Telamon. the favorite,
who was a neck before Glenellie. Then
Henry., took the next four races in suc
cession. He made the running and won an
easy victory with Him Time in the Fort
Schuyler selling race; he brought Taloose
home In front in the fourth race three
lengths before The Golden Prince, Lord
Pepper and Ginki. v.-ho were heads apart,
behind him; he managed to graduate Rad
ford in the fifth, but had to call forth his
best skill to beat SupDort a neck, and
then he wound up the day's racing by an
easy victory on Intrusive, who romped
home four lengths before the favorite,
Favonius, in the Grand Stand handicap.
Favorites for the second day in succession
won half the card. Weather, bright and
clear, and the attendance was pood. Track
fast. Summary:
Friday hurdle, mile and a half, selling— Mazo
won. Lens Isle Eecond, Holland third. Time.
2:47U.
Bonnlbert handicap, six and a half furlongs —
Dr. Barlow won. Telamon - second, Glenellie
third. Time. l:20»i.
Fort Schuyler, six furlonirs. selling:— Him Time
won. Pupil second. Dolando third. Time, 1:13U.
Six furlonps — Taloose won. The Golden Prince
second. Lord Pepper third. .Time, 1:1!%.
On? mile — Hadtord won. Support second, Bes
sie Resent third. Time, 1:42.
Grandstand handicap, one mile and a furlon?
— Intrusive won. Favonius second, Charentus
third." Time. 1:34*4.
CHICAGO. Oct. 5.— In the first race at
Hawthorne to-day Little Time was an 11
to 5 favorite, but he could not run fast
enough to keep warm and it was a very
hot day at that. Hampshire, at 12 to 1.
got first money. Sim W won the second
race without trouble and Port Wine had
easy Failing in the fourth event, winning
by three lengths in a walk. The weather
was clear and the track was fast. Sum
mary:
Six furlongs— Hampshire won, Tonicura sec
ond. Curry third. Time, 1:14*4.
Six furlongs — Sim W wen. Tame Irishman sec
ond, Emma R third. Time. l:13*i-
Seven furlongs— Sharp Bird won. Sir King
stcn second, Ben Adler third. Time. 1:27*1.
Five furlonss— Port Wine won, Katherlne Kn
nl." second. Bengal third. Time. 1:C1.
One mile — I»ulsville won. Mitten second.
Walkenshaw third. Time. 1:40.
One mile and seventy yards— The Sluggard
won. Prince Blazes second. Depending third.
Time. 1:«>4.
BUFFALO. Oct. 5.— Fort Erie results:.
Six furlonps— Bertha Xell won. The Laurel
second, Tyrba third. Time. 1:14%:
Four and a half furlongs— King's Favorite
won. Rustic Girl second. Gibson Girl third
Time, :5S»i.
Six furlongs— Cherry Head won. Donna Zeay
second. .Wild Het third. Time, 1:14.
One mile— L. W won. Raceburn second. Earl
For.5o third. Time. 1:41.
Five furlongs— Spinel won. Tasker second.
Frank Morrison third. Time. l:01H-
Seven furlongs— Sir Florlan won.'Ocie Brooks
second. Miss Shanley third. Time, 1:27^4.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 5.— Track fast: at
tendance good. Results:
Six furlongs— Dorallce won. Reefer tecond.
Wldeman third. Time. 1:15.
Selling, seven furlonrs— Pirate's Daughter
won, Kenova second, Al Lone third. Time. 1:29.
Selling, five and a half furlongs— Poyntz won.
Scorpolette second. Downhearted third. Time.
1:C9.
Selling, seven furlongs— Tom Klngsley won.
Two Annies second, Jackadle third. Time. 1:IS.
Selling, one mile and a sixteenth— Einstein
¦won. Greyforge second. Linden Ellis third.
Time. 1:47.
Selling, seven furlongs— Annie Oldfleld won.
Maydine second. Percy third. Time. 1:23.
Wins Four of Five
Races in Which He
Pilots Runners,
HENRY'S RIDE
AT MORRIS PARK
IS A FEATURE
FAST MOVING CONEY, HOLDER
OF AMATEUR RACING RECORD
SPORTING EVENTS WEST AND EAST
THE SAX FRANCISCO V CALL., SATURDAY, OCTOUEK 6, 1900.
BALTIMORE. Oct. 5.-Jimmy Michael
vrori a twenty mile motor-paced bicycle
rare to-night at the Coliseum from Archie
McEachem by 250 yards. Time. 31:41 2-5
The £rst five miles were ridden by Mich
ael in 7:52 S-5, one second faster than the
former world's record.
Jimmy Michasl Wins.
BtTTTE. Mont.. Oct. 6.— The Montana
T^-ag-ue baseball reason closed to-day
with the final championship pame between
Hfler.a and Great Falls. Darlrg th»
c'.srhth Ir.r.lr.sr. Pace, catcher for Helena!
threw the ball over the fence and the
umpire jrave the game and pennant to
Great Falls by a score of 9 to 0. At that
time the pan« stood 9 to T In favor of
Oreat Kails. The frame was plaved In a
rOirxTlns storm, making the frroxind very
sloppy.
Great Falls Wins the Pennant.
CANTON*. Ohio, Oct. 5.— At Minerva
Fair, fifteen miles east of here, to-day. Sid
Scott and Klcol, owned by C. A. McMahon
of Canfleld. broke the world's record for
a pacing team on a half-mile track, do
lne It In 2:13. The former record was
2:13»i.
5
at 7:30. California^ largest-American grandest store, osovcs*
Balance of a Wlanufac- - fi?H
turer's Stock $1. 00 and K^f
$1.23 Colored Shirts, 49 g >r1W^L
We cleaned up all that this manufacturer had gMc\ \W%
left of fancy stiff-bosom shirt3 with separate J]/M}\\ lit -*'•
cuff 3 to match; there are four different Iine3 $i^M\Vi v Hi A
in good patterns and color effects; up-to-date \^^Pc§S&S
$1.00 and $1.25 shirts, which we pace* /fi^^r^J
on special sale for Saturday only, '^ / V/>
each **•&& *
H C C\ New GSoaks &nti Sssiis
tl/^T h v^ "^ ae entire Jampe ; ice of Berjixin & Ca3.ary. New York,
By I « "¦ comprijirg teverat hundred ga men!*, new j ck<t - , sni'3.
yC?/ capes and skirt?, bought b7 u' at 5Co on iho $1»GD,
I \ on sale this we?k the same way — jait on?-ha'.f. R»meinb;r that
h , \ these era a'l new this seisoi girmeats. all s:z33, at 53c on the
ill \J^ S!0 Jackets, Caoes and Skirts for S3.00
t>1 -U — <r S |3 jjcket'. Capes and Skirts fur S7.5O
S2O Jackets end Capes for.. .*. SIJ.OO
S25 Jackets, Caprs and Suits for 5 2.50
53 J Tailor D. esses for. : 5 5.00
S40 Tailor Dresses for. .S20.00
gfriB A|2 for Ladies' Vici Ki ! Shoes — C;oth or kid tops,
<§? » a £J£ 5r button or lace style, new toes and patent leather
tips, a very big bargain for Saturday only.
& S%% 4S.B% * or B °y s * 57-50 and $8.50 Long Pants Suits —
*pv&B*Hr9JP Single breasted coats. double-brea3tel vest?,
all-wool fabrics, new Oxfords, brown and dark
mixtures, strictly up-to-date, sizs3 13 to 19 years— $5.45 for
thi* day onlv.
£%**£ €&£? * or $ 5 °° Vestee 5uits— The latest style one3,
*p* *k£ b ihP i£p in four new patterns of all-wool tweeds, coats
with small collars, vests of same material or
fancy silk, open in front. This price for Saturday only.
Children's Brasses $3.50
for School, $2.50. Gossa-
A s^lecdid a?so*tx9:it of dresses for rr%r»e*s /' /
fh;ldrc=,GtDl4yar-.of age. infi^cvi ' ' ~* ,,TO/// /
mixtures an! plain ci*simere. tastefa! y &a m z3h>a /// JEXv/ 7 •
trimmel and fa ly lined wai3ts and' .. , I '/ S VS
skirts; on sala to-day only at the. L^ 'S /Vl .
greatly reduc-d price $2m Sti SS^Voth / - J\<* /
covered, rubber \ U \ i
Cut Glass Bottles !\ nei - y™\ fag) ' '/,
Violet Water, 31c. \?£ *% U ji - //
Very pretty 2-ouace cnt g a-s Perfume b n -le cape, all ;\ >,
Bott'e*. that sail Mru!arly at 35c e-cb lengths rega- /\ jH
fi led with 2oc worth of "oar popular j ar p riC3 «3 50; I X/^l *
Cil forn : a Vioet Water, tht tcbolt to-day only LtT> IVS.
icorth 6-c; on special sale ' *j J^y. r^y
Saturday only <•* JlCj o# 00 | L "ty"^ J
Oyster Forks, $1.O8. Second Floor - Fr0^
In a lar?o sivprai purchase of Rogers Tea Clnthr: 4Qf+
Bros'. "1S47" Trip ePiated Si verw-re, *ea WOWo, <*i*C.
made by our buyer while in N*3w York! rhes e «9 fi"e sa'.in fin^slrd Duss&
reefnty. are 3) set 3 oily of fire? squares. 26x 6 inches, the hemstitch-
handed Oyster Forks; saca s?t of 6 is m S n atI 7 bani workei, wita taatefnl
in a reat .atin lir.elra?e. and if benqrht °P en ™* »l»o h"l made; bonpht in
in the re?u ar wiy won d sell for $2.50 the regilar way we shonld har, t> re-
for ae: of 6; onr special price tail then » at $1.0"> earn. They are
forth'se3)S3t<» to-day, -*- -^ o ° ae of * b » fc «t b^jranj onr I/con
eic h JDB*Ut5 Dapsrtment ever <ff;red at jsr*^
"" '. to-day'* special prico.. v!*G
Tray Cloths, 12c. .
A -little ric'i-up.of 24 dozn on'y of BaSCbaH Bats.
stamped all-linea Trar Cloth*, open uh £ or
work effect in flir«I and coayent.ona .^ b , ack Qn d '
d signs, with knotted fringed edges * 5 . ( j aT o -<_.
the 17*22 in.h size wh-ch make, such £* 'ffifffe to . daT Qo
good carmgcoth 3 and the design? Tne , a . ?( , g^ %<4 £ 15q
nice aad easy for beginners m em- Sportlng: Goods— Second Floor.
broidery work, will be P Ia «« ««-
on special sale t»-day only; each #^C Qotnbs, 18o.
TalCUm POWder,' 5C. 27S pairs of 25c and 35c She!l Side
A good qaility * f T3icuna Powa-r, put np Combs, in four of the nawest patterns
in a large tixa sprink'er to-> cans, g~ >nd best sizes, en special sale to-day;
regularly 10c; on sale to-day. ... A OC psr pair — 18c
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Venetian gondolas are now driven by
electric motors.
I ilufw lUl vi EJOsaidl F QSiUs&s §
g With Cffice3 in Portlind, Or., San Francisoj. CaL, EniV.t. Wash. o
§ ANT WORK DONE BY US THAT D0E3 NOT PROVS SATIS? ACTORY WILL 8
S BE ATTENDED TO FREE 0? CHAROS AT OUR NEAREST OFFIJE. g
I FULL SET OF TEETH, $5.00. |
8 Gold Crown $5.00 ffBPlATZS §
| Gold Filling $1.00 I
0 Silver Filling 50c J
| Bridge work $5.00 |
I Teeth Extracted Absolutely Without Pain. I
§We are making: a specialty of sole] crown and brides work: tfee most beaatira!. Q
painless and durable of all dental work known to th» profession. Our namo a!on« Q
~ will be a guarantee that your work will be of the t»?:. W« have s specialist ia each A
<3 department. Beat operators, test gold workmen am! extractors of teeth: In fact, ait *j>
W the start are Inventors of modern dentistry. We will tell you In advance exactly what O-
w your work will cost by free examination. Ulve us a call aad you will Bad w* do mx- O
S actljr m we advertise. ;3
I New York Dental Parlors, I
1 723 MARKET STREET, San Francisco, Cal. ||
8 RRANGH OFFICES $ * Portland, or. |
o tSKMrsv-n urn^^j SEATTLE, WASH. §
I Cleveland
§ Bicycles
$35.05
I A carload Just re-
I ceived from the
factory-
1 LEAVITT & BILL,
I 3G9 LARKIN ST. -- San Francisco.
I 20 S2fl Pab'o Are. - - - Oakland.
| 57 S. Seccnd St. - • • Sen Jo:e.SATURDAY OCTOBER 6, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. IEAKE. Manager.
MAVAGr.R'S OFFICE TeleI>^!^,^55^3^
PtBLICA^rooiT^9FVjCE7TT>TarU«-t and Third. S. V.
Telephone Prest* 201.
RDITOniAI. ROOMS 2IT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prean SO2.
Delivered by Currier*, in Cent* Ter Week.
MnirJe Topic*. 5 Cent".
Term* liy Mall. Including: rontairet \
r>A1T/r CAt.t. fincludir.r Sunday), one ye«r *5"£H '
rkATLT CAT.I, <fn<-Iu<l!n«r Pun<1ay>. 6 months J-JJ!
PATLT CALL (lncJudln* Sunoay). S months \?"
>AIT/r CAIX-Hy Pinple Month *£
FVTCDAT CAlvL. Cn» Tear Z^I
WEKKLT CALL. On# Tea- *-°"
AH pontma«ter« tire nnthorlzed to receive
nntinrrtptlonft.
Bamcl* eopiw will be forwarded when requested.
Mall ruTwcrlb»r» In orfl'rtnr chanre of ndflre" shoulfl t«!
TWrrlcu^ar to rive both XKW AXD OLD APPRF-SS In order
to Ir.Fur* & prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFIcn 111R Brondway
OEOnfJK C. KnOGNESfl,
Manager Foreign Advert'sing, Marquefe Building. Chicago
(Lsir.g riijrunce Telephone "Central 2619.")
TfKW TORK CORRESPONDKJCT:
C C. CAIIITOV nerald Jqnaw
N'KXV THTIK REPnEPENTATIVE:
STnPHK\ n. "SMITH no Tribune nnlldlne
NFTT TORK NEWS STANI>S:
*V*lC~r1-Aetori* Hotel; A. Brentsno. SI Union Equar*:
Mnrray Hill Hnte!.
CHICAGO ICKYTS STANDS:
Pherman TTou^e; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremort Rone; Auditorium Hotel.
WA«ni\r.To\ <n. c> office 1400 a St.. >". w.
MOHTOV E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
nn WCI? OFFICrS — BSJ M->ntjromery. corner or Clay, open
untfl ?:S0 o'el'X-k. 300 Hayes, open until 9:3* o'clock. 6T5
Mf-Allfrtor. op«>n until 9:30 o'clock. 613 Larkln. open until
?:S0 o'clock. 1P41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 25€1 Market.
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
rntll S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-i=ec"nd and Kentucky, cpen until 9 o'clock.
DAME AUX CAMELIAS— A. S.. City.
"La Dame aux Camelias," by Dumas, was
founded on Incidents in the life of a
woman named Mathllde Duplessls, who in
the forties lived in Paris, France. It has
been asserted, that Dumas was the orig
inal of Armand Duval of the novel, but
there Is no authentication of that.
panles E, F. G. H, I, K, L, M, Eighth In
fantry; companies A. C. E. F, G II, I. K.
Twentv-fourth Infantry all the compa
nies of the Twelfth. Thirteenth. Sixteenth.
Twentieth, Twenty-first. Twenty-seventh.
Thirty-fourth, Thirty-sixth. Thirty-sev
enth, Thirty-ninth and Forty-third Infan
try, regulars, and Forty-fifth Regiment,
United States Volunteers.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
HALP ORPHANAGE— A. O. S.. Garden
Valley. Cal. "Orphan" Is applied to a
child who has lost either or both parents.
"Half-orphan" Is applied generally, but
not correctly, to a child who has lost but
one parent. There la no institution in
California devoted exclusively to "half
orphans," but asylums receive such.
OIL CLAIMS— H. H. S., Brooks. Cal. A
claimant of oil land has to make proof
under the mining laws the same as in
other claims. Several persons can form
a company and bore for oil and that will
be considered as assessment work on
which final proof can be made. The same
rule that applies In placer claims applies
to oil claims. The necessary amount of
assessment work must, be done on each
claim. . ¦ ' -
SOLDIERS IN MANILA-S.. City. Ac
cording to reports from the War Office the
following companies and regiments were
In Manila, P. I.v on the 15th of September:
Companies A to M, inclusive, Fourth Cav
alry. Comnany F. Light Battery. Fourth
Artillery; companies A. B. C, D. E. F. G,
H, L, M, O, Sixth Cavalry: companies A,
B. C, D, E, F, G, H. First Infantry: com-
SOUTHERN MASSACHUSh *. TS— Sub-
scriber, City. The southeastern counties
of Massachusetts are: Bristol, Plymouth
arid Barnstable.
GREEN ROOM— Subscriber, City. In
the days of Queen Elizabeth (1533-1603) it
was customary to strew green rushes on
the uncarpeted floor of an actor's retiring
room In a theater, hence the term green
room.
SNOW IN SAN FRANCISCO-R. P.,
City. The last fall of snow .in San Fran
cisco was on March 2. 1896. Other records
of snow are as follows: January 20, 1876;
December 31, 1S-S2; February 6, 1883; Feb
ruary 7, 1SS4; February 5, 1S87; January 16,
1888, and March 10. 1893. . :.',¦ '.-. ¦;
ANSWEBS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— Mrs. W. H.
Bauer of San Francisco Is at the Raleigh.
George E. Rauer and wife of San Fran
cisco are at the Arlington. Miss L. H.
Dlckson. Miss Fannie Schofield, Mrs. E.
P. Bryan, Miss Bessie Bryan and Miss
Minnie Bryan of Los Angeles and John
A. Sanborn, H. P. Faear and Blancne
Bates of San Francisco are at wie Shore
ham.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— James Slanson of
Los Angeles and W. E. Lester of San
Francisco are at the Savoy. Louis Brogh
ton of Los Angeles Is at the Manhattan.
CALIFOBNIAHS IN NEW YORK.
John Hays Hammond, whose name was
prominently mentioned In connection with
the famous Jameson raid several years
ago, arrived at the California last even
ing, accompanied by nls wife. They cam*
here from Denver, where Mr. Hammond
has extensive mlnine interests. Mr.
Hammond will go to Monterey to-day 10
visit members of his family. His home 13
in London.
Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Laws are at the Oc
cidental. Mr. Laws is a prominent Hono
lulu business man. He Is on his way
home after an extended trip East
Frederick Cox, a financial and real es
tate man at Sacramento, accompanied by
his wife and daughter, is at the Grand.
D. A. Ostrom, former State Senator
from Yuba County, is spending a few
days in the city. He is at the Grand.
B. S. Hirsch and wife of Ukiah are at
the California. Mr. Hirsch is proprietor
of the Grand Hotel at Ukiah.
T. F. A hern of Detroit, who is interest
ed in installing a new telephone system in
this city. Is at the Palace.
Captain E. V. Roberts of the United
States steamship Conemaugh Is at the
Occidental for a few days.
William H. Mills, land agent of the
Southern Pacific, will go to Monterey to
day to spend Sunday.
L. P. Wikidal and E. C. Wikidal of Can
ton, Ohio, are registered at the Occi
dental.
James F. Farraher, a well known busi
ness nian from Yreka, is at the Palace.
W. A. Gctt of Sacramento Is at the
Lick.
A. D. Chase of Seattle Is at the Occi
dental.
8. J. Barrett of Stanford University Is
at the Palace.
Benjamin T. Gels and wife of Willows
are at the Lick.
Jackson Dennis, banker at Sutter Creek,
is at the Grand.
Dr. "W. H. Cofe and wife of Pleasanton
are at the Lick.
Joseph Collins, an Antloch oil man. Is
registered at the Grand.
John H. Gancey, a prominent business
man at Newman, Is at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
There is a large exhibit from this country at
ths ParU Exposition which will prove very in
teresting to all who may attend/ but no more
co than the - news that the . famous American
remedy, Hoetetter" s Stomach Bitters, will pos
itively cure dyspepsia. Indigestion, constipa
tion, biliousness and nervousness. To all suf
ferers of the above complaints a trial Is recom
mended, with the assurance that when honestly
used a cure will be effected. It also tones us
the entire system. *
Exhibits at Paris.
The "Xebraskan who wouldn't pay his doctor and
was shot to death by the physician lost the opportu
nity at least of kicking acainst the medicine.
And now our naval militia is to be investigated by
suspicious authorities. Playing at war seems to be
more dangerous to life and reputation than the real
thing.
Eastern railroads, it is said, are greatly in need
of more box cars. This ought to suggest an op
portunity to the Southern Pacific Company *o get
t'A of some of its day coaches.
Chief of Police S'lllivan is disturbing his rest in
an effort to establish for us a new Barbary Coast. It
might be wise for him to get rid of the old before
afflicting us with the new.
Success in mining at Cape Nome appears to con
sist in obtaining and holding the favor of the resi
dent Federal Judge, who has rich receiverships at his
disposal.
There is little wonder that some of the Chinese dig
natories object to the present proposals for peace.
It is quite' natural for one to hesitate in offering his
head as a peace sacrifice
Dick Croker, it is said, will have the privilege of
naming a member of Bryan's Cabinet. Can it be pos
sible that Richard is chasing this phantom of a
political debauch for himself?
The - National party, that peculiar organization,
which liked nothing, not even itself, has collapsed.
The members ought to give some study to the immi
gration laws of other countries.
Paris is breathing easier. That^erratic and most un
fortunate of monarchs, the Shah of Persia, has left
for. home, and the shocked sensibilities of the
Parisians are getting a deserved rest.
William H. Mills is of the opinion that we are likely
to become a hermit nation. If we do we will at least
have the satisfaction of possessing a hermitage in
which most human wants may be satisfied.
William Jennings Bryan defends the New York
ice trust on the score that it is not a national affair.
It will be interesting to see how he will characterize
the frost which will set in on November 6.
The Russian Czar is not permitting any of his uni
versal peace notions to interfere with the gigantic rob
bery in which his troops are engaged in China.
Practical peace is : somewhat different from the
That is surely a high price to pay for gold mines,
and the bill has not yet been settled. The Boers hold
the open country and the war goes on. It remains to
be seen whether famine will have to be called in to
complete the subjection.
nUCH has been said of the importance of trees
to a country from an economic point of view.
The value of the timber they produce and
their usefulness in conserving the water supply are
by this time admitted by all. There is, however, a
further argument on the side of forest protection,
which has been strikingly set forth in a recent num
ber of Health Culture by Dr. Felix L. Oswald; that
of the sanitary value of trees and their effects in
maintaining conditions tending to the healthfulness
of those who live among them.
Dr. Oswald holds that the destruction of forests
is the cause of malaria in many of its forms owing
to the diluvium carried down by torrential streams
from treeless hills and spread over the valleys be
low. In cities trees serve the useful purpose of ab
sorbing noxious gases and generating oxygen. He
notes that in Southern cities like Savannah, with its
fourfold rows of forest trees shading every principal
street, sunstrokes are far less frequent than in the
sun-scorched cities in the North, where there are
comparatively few trees. Furthermore, he claims that
shade is essential to the protection of the eye,- and
that trees are therefore a preventive against ophthal
mia. On that point he says:
"I am still haunted by a recollection of a scene
in the harbor suburb of Girgcnti, where children with
red swollen eyelids were foraging in a dump pile and
wrangling for bones with a number of equally blear
eyed dogs. There was not a tree in sight. Far up
and down the undulating beach the heat of the sun
made the air tremble, and the glare of its reflection
from the refuse of old salt pans was almost as af
flictive as the glitter of a snow field. Yet, on that
same spot, Agrigcntum with its population of keen
eyed Greeks flourished for three hundred years, a
city of gardens and groves, rivaling the wealth of
Carthage, the mistress of the Mediterranean."
Forests, as Dr. Oswald points out, mitigate cli
matic extremes, attract rain and conserve the waters
for a regular flow. at all seasons. When forests have
been totally destroyed over any extensive region the
FORESTS AND MEALTli.
There is a great deal of work to be done this year
by the Republican national committees and bv the
State and county committees of the party. These men
hnvc deserved the liberal support of all Republicans.
They perceive the danger and they have not hesi
tated to declare it. The Republican party must be
thoroughly organized in every State and district, for
it is to be confronted this yrar by an organized oppo
sition of no mean force. Bryan is doing the talking,
but he is not bossing this campaign. Better political
managers than he are preparing Democracy for the
contest on election day, and business men and others
who wish to assure a continuance of prosperity must
do their share in fighting the common foe.
Under such circumstances the prosperous business
men, who are so sanguine of Republican success that
they will not contribute to the campaign fund, are
not displaying much business sense. The election in
November is not going to be determined by public
sentiment, but by the voters who go to the polls. In
every campaign there is always a large number of
persons who stay at home on election day. They arc
r early always members of the party that has been
most sure of winning. by an overwhelming majority.
Consequently the stay-at-home vote this year will be
largely a vote that would have been cast for McKin
ley had it been brought out. It is the duty of the
party to bring it out.
We directed attention yesterday to the circular that
Croker has sent to the officials of the city of New
York who owe their positions to Tammany Hall.
The circular demanded money, and political authori
ties in that city estimate the amount he will receive
from the officials subject to the demand will be not
lc«<; than $500,000. A sum equally large perhaps will
be raised by Tammany from other sources subject to
its domination. The Democratic machine in Chi
cngo will raise another large sum. From the solid
South, where Democrats have to expend nothing to
carry their States, large contributions will be forth
coming. Thus the wcrkers in the Bryan camp will
be well supplied with coin, and, despite the badness of
their cause and the essential weakness of their leader,
they will make a dangerous fight in every doubtful
BRYAN'S appeal at Indianapolis to the Demo
cratic clubs for money as well as for work is
an evidence the Bryanite leaders are not relying
for success in this campaign upon oratory only.
Fot:r years ago there was hardly a single organizer of
first rate importance i:i the Democratic ranks. In the
Democratic National Committee of that year there
was only one man who had ever served on a national
committee before. Bryan in those days had implicit
reliance upon oratory. He expected to win by spell
binding, and cared very little for party organization.
It is different now. Some of the most astute cam
paigners of the nation are backing him. He has the
assistance of Croker and Gorman and others like
them who know the value of organization and who are
aware it cannot be effected without the expenditure
of energy and of money. Consequently Bryan has
been sent to Indianapolis on a money-raising expe
cition. "Come up with the coin" was the burden of
his address to the convention, and it is not unlikely
it will be responded to.
MUCH WORK TO BE DONE.
It is not strange that Roberts should resort to
harsh measures to force the war to a conclusion. It
Ii2s been costly and bloody beyond the expectations
of the world, and every day of its continuance adds
to the lengthening list of losses. A recent compila
tion from official sources in London gives the Brit
ish losses in the different divisions as follows:
For the purpose of forcing the Boers to lay down
their arms Roberts has resorted to extreme measures.
The reports state that the British troops are burning
the homes of all Boers who are still in the field, with
the intention of forcing them to surrender in order to
relieve the distress of their families. It is added there
is deep concern over the widespread famine that may
be thus produced throughout the Transvaal and
Orange River Colony. Hundreds of families have
been made desolate. There are no crops, and starva
tion will soon be an ally of the British in the dread
war against the struggling patriots.
Lord Roberts' dispatches received in London on
Thursday report contests and skirmishes along the
whole front of his far flung battle line. He announced
that Hart has returned to Krugersdorp after having
been in contact with the Boers for twenty-nine days
out of the thirty-three occupied by his expedition:
Buller had returned to Leydcnburg after an advance
which was marked by daily skirmishes; the Dublin
Fusileers had found a detachment of Boers between
Pretoria and Johannesburg and had succeeded in
driving] them from ;heir position only by making a
night assault with the bayonet; and, finally, that a de
tachment of Boers has broken through the British
lines and penetrated into Orange River Colony.
DESPITE the fact that Kruger has abandoned
the country, that all their cities and strong
holds are in the hands of the British, and that
their armies cannot longer hold together in large
masses, the indomitable Boers continue the war.
Some of them, of course, have lost hope and have
surrendered, but a goodly number remain in the field
and defy the efforts of their foes. It is now clear that
when they enlisted for the war they meant the enlist
ment to be binding until death took them or liberty
was attained.
THE INDOMITABLE BOERS.
"Spain in the glory of her ancient woodlands was
the Eden of Southern Europe; treeless Spain has be
come a gehenna of poverty and disease. Forest
shaded Sicily begat athletes and philosophers, heroes
and merchant princes; Sicily in its present sun-blis
tered condition evolves chiefly bandits, beggars and
vermin. The entire coast region of the Mediterra
nean has been 'cleared,' with the result of losing four
fifth of its former population and at least nine-tenths
of its former productiveness. The same in Southern
France, in Portugal, Asia Minor, Mesopotamia, Ar
menia, Persia and Hindustan. It might, indeed, be
questioned if all human follies and crimes taken to
gether have caused as much permanent mischief as
the insane destruction of nature's safeguards against
life-blighting droughts. A land without trees is in
as sad a plight as a flayed animal. The New World's
wealth of woodlands is the chief guarantee of its
To the intelligent reader there is perhaps noth
ing new in all that, and yet all will recognize the
importance of repeating the old lessons over and over
again in California, until the people have been roused
to the importance of profiting by them and putting
them to some practial use. Wasteful methods of cut
ting timber, carelessness in many ways and wide
sweeping fires are rapidly destroying our woods. Un
less something be done to cheek the evil it will not
be long ere we will have well nigh ruined the pros
perity of the most promising land that nature has
given to man.
territory becomes unfit for human abode and no high
state of civilization can be maintained there. Upon
that phase of the subject he says:
BANKER I. W. HELLMAN, A LIFE-LONG
DEMOCRAT, HAS NO USE FOR BRYAN
Says the Populists Would Control All the
Offices if He Should Be Elected.
LOCAL FINANCIER WHO DE
CURES AGAINST LEADER
OF THE DEMOCRACY.
• •I-H ! !¦!¦¦! ¦!¦¦!¦¦: ¦!¦¦!¦ I I M-H-M-M-l-H
EDITOR San Francisco Call: I am
a life-long Democrat, but I shall
not vote for Bryan for President.
The silver craze, with which
Bryan is identified, is the principal rea
son. The 16 to 1 idea is not only ab
surd, but also would, if put into practice,
upset all values. Everybody would be
injured, the mechanic and laborer as
well as the merchant. America is to-day
a creditor country and will contniue to
be so unless we change our, monetary
system. Let the ratio of 16" to 1 be
adopted and it will drive out what gold
there is here. Our securities will be
sent back from abroad to be sold here
in immense sums. One crisis would fol
low another. Manufacturing interests
would be greatly injured; labor, which
is now in good demand, would suffer.
No good can come to any one from 16
to 1 excepting the owners of silver
mines, who would receive $1 25 for 60
cents' worth of silver. •
Another objection to Bryan is that he
is not a Democrat. I consider him a
Populist. The Populists would control
the offices if he should be elected. The
recent State nominations in Nebraska
illustrate that point clearly. Every
nomination for any office of importance
in Nebraska went to a Populist, and the
Democrats took what little there was
left. .-:
I am a moderate expansionist. With
out expansion I believe that this country
would stand still, just as any other
large corporation which does not ex-
pand and keep up with the times. I be
lieve in holding on to every foot of
land that the American flaj? flies over
and would not give up one bit of ; t.
California has been much benefited by
this expansion. Our trade has grown
and is growing continually by reason of
the policy of the present national admin
istration. I believe that it will keep on
expanding. It would all be lost if
Bryan should be elected.
I. W. HELLMAN.
San Francisco. October 1, iqoo.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
BOSTON HERALD- We lnf>r from Col
onel Apuinaldos latest proclamation th-it
he proposes to fight it out on his present
lines if It takes until aftrr election.
PHILADELPHIA TELEGRAPH - IT
Bryan's free Mlv*>rism doei not amount
to anything, practically, neither doe*
Bryan's anti-imperialism' amount to anv
thlrg.
MEMPHIS COMMERCIAL-APPEAL —
On the whole it may he said that thes*
Oriental pearls, tho Philippines, belong t<>
Uncle Sam and he Is not polnr to throw
them away. He Is too thrifty.
PHILADELPHIA PRESS-^It is certain
In any event that thv radlcreiaraeu of the
attempt to frighten the country by the
cry of "empire" is nnwherp more appar
ent than In the South and nowhere has It
failed cf its purpose more conspicuously.
CHICAGO NEWS.— Tho question of sat
isfaction for the outrages committed 'is
now a diplomatic and not a military ques
tion. and the President has acted" wisely
in withdrawing American troops from Pe
king, leaving only enough to guard the le
gation.
PHILADELPHIA RECORD— The min
ers Van hardly fail of a substantial vic
tory. They have been to prudently led
and have so restrained themselves from
the usual violence which carries plerullmc
to the point of compulsion that they have
kept a full measure of public sympathy.
CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL TRIT
UNE — Not only will America not permit
a despotic form of government, no matter
by what name It may be called, in Cuba,
but it will also prevent the establishment
therein of any government hostile to the
United States.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— No error of
Judgment could be greater than supposing
that Colonel Bryan has a serious ntrhtln^
chance In this State. But that the Demo
cratic managers grasp at such a straw
only emphasizes the discouraging straiM
of campaign strategy to which they are
now reduced.
PITTSBURO DISPATCH— The United
States has maintained the right attitude
from the first. It is right now. It ha.-*
made It possible for China to enter lnt<\
negotiations. The German idea, if per
sisted In. would have forced China to con
tinue the struggle, however little Inclina
tion it might have had to do so.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT.—Re
publican prosperity skips nobody. It de
scends on the just and the unjust, the Re
publicans, the Democrats and the anar
chists alike. McKinley this year will prob
ably get a larger vote in the South than
any Republican Presidential candidate
has received since reconstruction days.
KANSAS CITY JOURNAL.— The farm
ers have gained $SCS.640.209 through Mr-
Klnley prices. What is more, the people
of Kansas and Nebraska, to whom Bry
an's manifestly false statements have
been mose frequently made, have been
particular beneficiaries The Increase in
Kansas was $73,060,991. while that in Bry
an's own State was 175,921,403.
ST. LOUIS STAR.— The masses under
stand that the policies of the Republican
party rescued them from poverty and suf
fering, reinstated hope, brought back the
smile and restored the family larder, and
once more- gave the stomach employment,
and they can afford to laugh at the grim
and gaunt shadows of the past. They
know what to do this year, and they can
be depended upon to do It.
CHICAGO TRIBUNE.— It Is remarkable
that Tolstoi has gone, so long without ex
communication, but it is stil? more re
markable In that land of autocracy where
he lives that the han of political excom
munication has not also been placed upon
him. Thousands of men have gone to the
gallows or joined the long, mournful pro
cession to Siberia for less offense than ha
has committed over and over again.
ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS.— The
more intelligent and conservative peo
ple of Cuba and the representatives of Its
property Interests are under grave appre
hensions that Cuban independence. befo r e
Us people are prepared for self-govern
ment, will result In a reign of plunder. In
the insecurity of life and property and a
long period of extravagance and misgov
ernment, ending probably in another clvi!
war.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD— So grent
has been the success of the undertrrounrl
electric that engineers freely make th«
prediction that in ten years London will
be supplied with a vast network of un
derground electric railways, with a grand,
belt of electric lines encircling the me
tropolis. The new system. It Is claimed,
has not only emptied the omnibuses but
has thinned out the crowds on the pave
ment.
CLOTH MAXTI.E FOR TRAVEL.
The mantle represented is of suede
colored cloth, ornamented with Btltched
bands. The upper part Is encircled by a
bolero, with shawl lapels and turn-down
collar. The wristbands are trimmed with
red velvet, embroidered with steel.
An Altgeld-Croker administration would be a sight
for gods and men, but Bryan would find it impos
sible to have any other. He would be limited in his
selections to the motley support that placed him in
power, and the country would know just what to ex
pect, and it would not be disappointed.
Such is the record of the man who put Bryan for
ward first four years ago and who probably influences
him more than any other.
Total $982,078 34
This was only the plunder of the State institutions.
In addition to it a large sum was stolen from the
State Treasury under circumstances that have made
Altgeld unable to deny the charge that he had some
thing more than knowledge of it.
His own administration of thr; governorship of Il
linois was the most corrupt ever known. It illus
trated the desperate spirit of the man. It was a car
nival of embezzlement and breach of public trust from
the beginning. The record shows that during his
term the following amounts were stolen from the pub
lic funds of Illinois by his appointees, associates and
tools:
University, of Illinois." 5549.662 29
West Park Board 318.00)00
Chester Penitentiary 30.000 00
Industrial Home frr the Wind 5,000 00
Geneva Home for Girls '. 8.50130
Grain Inspection Department 10.7S5 00
Peoria Insane Asylum C0.63C 75
Altgeld's final ambition is to sit in the Supreme
Court of the United States, and the headship of the
Department of Justice would be the door thereto. He
is not a man who wastes energies, words or hatred.-.
If he desired to kill an enemy he would not wasti
ammunition shooting r.t non-vital spots, but would
aim straight at the heart. He has for years sought
to kill our existing form of government. He wastes
no words on its legislative branch nor on the execu
tive. The vital point of the system is the Supreme
Court, and that he des-ires to reach. He framed the
attack on the courts in the Chicago platform. He
knows where a blow will tell. He knows that our in
stitutions, which he hr.tes, cannot survive destruction
of the judiciary as the rationalizing branch of the
Government.
It is conceded that Altgeld would be Attorney-
General in Bryan's Cabinet. He has been a nisi prius
Judge in Illinois, and really is the strongest an!
brainiest man in the Bryan ranks. He is also the
worst man. an enemv of everything that is; a viper
poisoned against every good institution so far de
veloped by the wisdom and patience of man. He
would be a socialist if he were at heart less of an an
archist. Socialism, with its peaceful methods, is too
slow for Altgeld. He resembles "Bloodybridles"
Waite of Colorado, that poor old pervert, who was
sent to plague that State, in lieu of the frogs, lice
and other lesser evils which scourged the Egyptians.
Nothing could bring into higher light the hypoc
risy of Bryan's pretense than the mention of Morgan
for Secretary of State. He. like Hearst, did all pos
sible kind of blathering in 1898 and the next year to
induce an uninstructed public opinion for holding
the Philippines, and now, turning on their tracks,
both are supporting Dry an and pretending to be
alarmed lest imperialism destroy the liberties of the
people.
When Bryan orders him to haul it down the world
will witness a struggle which has not been seen sine;
Jacob wrestled with the angel.
If such evil as Bryan's election should befall it will
be an interesting sight when Morgan hauls down the
flag which he declared planted there by such distin
guished authority. Hearst merely wanted it nailed to
the Philippines, but Morgan had it divinely planted
there.
But. like his section, he is for expansion. He wants
the Philippines and Cuba, too, and would not object
to a slice of China. He has ceaselessly howled,
bawled, yelled and hiccoughed expansion for years.'
When he was in San Francisco in August, 1898, he
said: "Our flag is in the Philippines and will never
be hauled down. The hand of God planted it there."
lie has the free range of three parties from which
to choose. The new Democracy, the Populists and
the silver Republicans will be entitled to preference
in selecting his official family and confidential ad
visers. Just before his nomination more Cabinet am
bitions were apparent among his supporters than now,
when his hope of election lessens with the progress of
the campaign. At that time it was understood that
Senator Morgan of Alabama would be Secretary ot
State. Having been chairman of the Foreign Affairs
Committee of the Senate, of course he is in line. He
has been a lifelong office-holder under the Southern
Confederacy and the Union, has some of the knowl
edge of public and international law required, and so
seems to possess the icquisite qualifications.
SPECULATION has been indulged in concern
ing the material from which Bryan would select
his Cabinet if the calamity of his election
should be visited upon the country.
BRYAN'S CABINET MATERIAL.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; OCTOBER 6, 1900.
6
\ V '-* H
of aS p
§ & of :
DIVISIONS. £.» 5 :
djjj, 33 :
Genoral Bnller. Including Warren's
command over Trichard's Drift,
and Clery's and Hilyard's divisions 5,500 700 6.200
General White, including French's
command at Elandslaaste 1,700 900 j 2,650
General Roberts, including divisions I
under French. Ian Hamilton. Pole- :
Carew, Kelly-Kenny and Tucker. 2,000 300 2.300
General Methuen 1,000 150 | 2,050
General Gatacre, Including Redders- J
burg 350 900 1,250
General Kitchener, including first
engagement at Paardeburg -1,300 1,300
General Rundle, including Cherm- 1
side's division 950 100 | 1,0."*
General Symons 250 350 600
General Brabant. Including Dal-
gety's defense of Jammpr^burs 450 100 rDO
General French, operations round •
Naauwpoort and Colesberc only.. 300 150 -150
General Hunter. Including relief of
Mafeklng 4. r /» 450
General Baden-Powrll 350 50 400
General Plumer , I 150 50 200
General Kekewich 2oO 200
General Carrlngton 100 100 200
Incidental subordinate commands, |
such as BroadwoofTs at Sanna'sl
Post, Macdonald's at Koodoosberj?
Drift. Hilyard's at Willow Grange,
Knox's at Kroonstad, etc 1.500 2,650 4,150
Totals I 17.500 | 6.500 i 24.000
\ V '-* H
of aS p
§ & of :
DIVISIONS. £.» 5 :
djjj, 33 :
Genoral Bnller. Including Warren's
command over Trichard's Drift,
and Clery's and Hilyard's divisions 5,500 700 6.200
General White, including French's
command at Elandslaaste 1,700 900 j 2,650
General Roberts, including divisions I
under French. Ian Hamilton. Pole- :
Carew, Kelly-Kenny and Tucker. 2,000 300 2.300
General Methuen 1,000 150 | 2,050
General Gatacre, Including Redders- J
burg 350 900 1,250
General Kitchener, including first
engagement at Paardeburg -1,300 1,300
General Rundle, including Cherm- 1
side's division 950 100 | 1,0."*
General Symons 250 350 600
General Brabant. Including Dal-
gety's defense of Jammpr^burs 450 100 rDO
General French, operations round •
Naauwpoort and Colesberc only.. 300 150 -150
General Hunter. Including relief of
Mafeklng 4. r /» 450
General Baden-Powrll 350 50 400
General Plumer , I 150 50 200
General Kekewich 2oO 200
General Carrlngton 100 100 200
Incidental subordinate commands, |
such as BroadwoofTs at Sanna'sl
Post, Macdonald's at Koodoosberj?
Drift. Hilyard's at Willow Grange,
Knox's at Kroonstad, etc 1.500 2,650 4,150
Totals I 17.500 | 6.500 i 24.000
~ AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll— "Carmen."
rv>lurrh!a— "A Nicfct In Town."
California— "X^nr.it."
Alharcibra— "That Man."
Or: hourr.— Vaudeville.
Grand Op^ra -hpu?* 1 — "The Sporting: Duchess."
Airaiar— "We T'ns of Tennessee."
<~>!yrr.p!a. r "rnpr Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer" p— Vaudeville.
Heereatlori Park— iiasehall.
Futro Bnths— Ojwn nights.
Peanut crisps. Townsend's.
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Townsend's.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Icecream chocolates. Boston mints, ala-
cuma. Townsend's. 639 Market street. •
Townsend's California Rlaee fruits. 5^j
a pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. 630 Market. Palace Hotel building.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'sO. 510 Mont-
gomery et. Telephone Main KM2. •
In Zante. one of the Ionian Island*,
there Is a petroleum spring which has
been known for nearly 3»X> years. It n
mentioned by Herodotus.
To rebuild waoteit tissue and fortify th* sys-
tem ncalnst the sudden ehanres of fall and win-
ter, doctors recommend DR. S1EGERT8 An-
tostura Bitters.
Sunday Call
' OCTOBER 7. 1900.
How 0. E. Smith Drove His Engine
Through Miles of Flame and Smoke
t0 Save a Burning Bridge
The World's Greatest As- Shipping Horses to China
tronomer a San Fran- For the Emperor of
ciscojGirl. Germany.
T c! u? 0 ** Ma 9 nif?cen t Daily Life in Far-Away
Stable in the World. Tahiti.
How to Beautify a Room And a Host of Other
With Home-Made Stories, All of Great
rurnishings. Human Interest.with the first of the period, was almost its
latest survivor, the member of the elasa
of '29. which he celebrated on Its anni
versaries with a brilliancy, versification
and wit such as no ether college class that
"keeps a poet" ever had In Its emplov?
Holmes was suf generis-, with great gifts
trimly cut. a kind of scientific precision
in the realm of fancy, and a humorous
way of T.'si»ipg to be dragged out by tha
•occasion before he pave the rein to his
muse. He was doctor and professor first,
poet afterward and always. He wrote
"Old Ironsides" and the "Ballad of the
Boston Tea Party" In spirited vein; he
drew the charming portrait of "Dorothy
Q."; he has a few serious poems like
"The Last Leaf." "The Chambered Nau
tilus," "Under the Violet." In which a
very true feeling is expressed with gTeat
delicacy and self-restraint. And he
punned and jested In capital verses, giv
ing of the abundance of his mind, taking
the public into his confidence without un
bending for a moment in the reticence
(Concluded.)
The creator of Zfnobla did not worship
at the shrine of Margaret. He probably
valued silence more than speech. Haw
thorne had, be it remarked, the strongest
horror of being bored, but his manners
were so perfect that this peculiarity al
ways passed for shyness. Read his de
scription of Concord In "Mosses From an
Old Manse." of the "variety of queer,
strangely dressed, oddly behaved people,
most of whom took upon themselves to
be important agents of the world's des
tiny, yet were Fimply bores of a very in
tense water." Earnestness and absurdity
ptrove for. the prize as they have done,
be it whispered, ever since in New Eng
land. The subdivisions of philosophy were
legion; each sought to express itself In
life. The community of Brook Farm was
founded that men might hoe beans to
gether in the beauty of the Idea, but the
idea even about hoeing beans was not a
unit; everybody had his own. When the
abolition struggle came, grotesqueness
and earnestness united under the flag for
a great cause and sincerity gained the
day.
Whittler was the poet of anti-slavery.
His muse had a limited range of ex
pression, but a pure and true note. He
had the religious fervor of an old projjhet,
and the cause of the oppressed was the
bone of his religion. He wrote stirring
war lyrics, Quaker though he was, and
touching appeals to humanity. He was
also the poet of all that is sane and
stanch and good in New England country
life. "Snow Bound" Is our "Cotter's Sat
urday Night." One can see In his poems
how near to the household heart and con
science the slavery question came. It Is
this intimate association of public and
private. right that makes the strength of
a nation: In moments of prosperity we
art too apt to let the tie relax.
But the book of the anti-slavery ques
tion was not a poem. The words that car
ried conviction round the globe were not
winged with meter; they were not even
chosen with any special literary care. It
was the story of Uncle Tom that fired all
hearts. "Uncle Tom's Cabin" was literal
truth, with a touch of melodrama. It
LITERARY TALKS MIND REMINISCENCES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GENERAL REVIEW OF AMERICAN LITERATURE.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
WILLIAM H. PRESCOTT. HIS
TORIAN' OF FERDINAND AND
ISABELLA.
Flow of Rivers.
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado, miner's inches. The figures ar*
from J. B. LIppincott. hydrographer ot the
I'nlted States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRT.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDA LE.
8AN JOAQUfN RIVER AT HERNDON.
TUOLUMXE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Sun rises 6:00
Sun sets 5:48
Moon sets 3:47 a. m.
Greenland exports oil of seals and
whales; fox, seal and reindeer skins:
eiderdown feathers and cryolite. Its chief
trade Is with Denmark.
NOTE.— In "the above exposition of the tide*
the earlv: mornlne tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive . tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time" of
the day. f he third time column the third tide
and the last or right hind column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. .The heights
clven are in addition to the sounding on the
United ¦ States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus elm - (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is t£* •£•"" !»J ?*"* 'wer low waters.
Sun, Moo-a and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights ot High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bav. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height -of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 6.
spectors Bolles and Bulger.
The investigation into the collision be
tween the Columbia and the ferry boat
Berkeley was resumed yesterday after
noon by Vnited States Local Inspectors
of Steam Vessels, Captains Bolles and
Bulger.
Captain Doran of the Columbia was
cross-examined at length by Captain
Bollesi. He testified that the Eerkeley
was turning upstream when the bow ot
the Berkeley wa.« abreast of that of the
Columbia. 150 feet away. Two frames
were broken on the starboard side of the
Columbia by the collision and only one on,
the port side. He did not consider that
there was any danger at the time he an
swered the Berkeley's whistle.
Captain Charles C. Tltchwort of the tus
Redmond said that the vessels came to
gether nearly at a right anele.
Captain Blaker of the Berkeley said he
saw the Columbia at the time he blew
his first whistle. At that time the ferry
boat had been gone only a few seconds
from the apron. The ferry slip I3 more
than 400 feet long.
The investigation will be concluded this
morning and Captains Bolles and Bulger
will render a decision early next week.
MORE LIGHT ON THE
3LATE BAY COLLISION
Captains Doran and Blaker Cross-
Examined by United States In-
madethe scenes of plantation life a vivid
reality to readers of all languages, and
though Its literary importance Inevitably
waned with the turning of the wheel of
events. It has kept the boards and Its
hold on the affections. Mrs. Stowe was
also the leader in a humbler and more lit
erary cause. Her short stories of New-
England village life were the first afield
and started the minds of observant writ
ers in that direction.
A legacy .beyond prose or poetry that
the war times left us is the memory of
Abraham Lincoln. His speeches are prm
of the treasures of our literature. His
very witticisms ought to be, for, man of
action though he was, he had the in
sight, tho roetic flash, the perception of
the ab«urd and the profound in their vi
tal lelations which belong to creative
genius. He. stood for American thought
In the stress and struggle of events as
Knierson stood for it in its abstract and
philosophical expression, and he had pre
eminently the quality which Emerson
niost lacked — a sympathetic comprehen
sion of actual erring, suffering humanity.
The country was making historians as
fast as it made history. Prescott, Ban
croft, Motley and Parkman all belong to
this epoch and add to its luster, but their
works have to give place in a brief sum
mary like the present to those of the
poets and men of letters who are more in
the line of tne belles-lettres.
Were the Cambridge poets less patriotic
or less American than Emerson or Whit
tier? Did they go abroad for their sub-
Jecfs or follow English models? Were
they less bound up with their country's
aims and struggles? Not at all; but they
represented the element of culture, and it
is the mission and special good of cul
ture to be cosmopolitan, to promote
understanding and the commerce of
literature. Longfellow and Lowell as suc
cessive occupants of the chair of belles
lettres at Harvard for a long array of
years brought all that is best in foreign
a» well as English literature before the
minds of American youth. They were In
close touch with art and life abroad, and
carried over cargoes of American litera
ture In exchange.
Longfellow was the most amply endow
ed of all our poets, the one who sang "to
one clear ham In divers tones." His
verse is always melodious, and the range
of his meters is extraordinarily varied
from the seldom-used hexameter to
"Evangeline" and tbe swinging rhythm
of "Hiawatha," both so well adapted to
their new-world subjects, to the ballad,
the sonnet, the lyric, even blank verse,
though he seems to have cared less for
that form. He failed in none of these;
he was master of each. His sonnets are
very fine. His choice of subjects was also
catholic; they are culled from mythology,
art. ethlc3, from tbe patriotic questions
of his day, and from the traditional and
actual life of his country. To read him
is like listening to a voice of fine reson
ance and compass which • Is sweetest In
Its lowest tones. It is in a certain num
ber of lyrics which bring us into what
George William Curtis has called "the
twilight of the mind, In which the little
facts of life are saddened in view of their
relation to the eternal laws of time and
change." that Longfellow is in his best
and most lovable mood. They have the
tenderness and grace, the combination of
perfect simplicity and popularity with
artl3tic expression which mark the lyric
at its best; indeed, they are a successful
transplantation of that flower of song to
our soil.
Ix>well has something, too, of this grace
and charm, but not In the same perfec
tion. His lyrics are less beautiful than
some of his "longer poems, especially "The
Cathedral" and the "Commemoration
Ode." His range is less wide than that
of his predecessor In the chair of belles
lettres at Harvard, but It Includes humor,
a trait which is missing In Longfellow.
Humor, shrewdness and good sense went
hand In hand with vigorous versification
In .the composition of the "Biglow Pa
pers." He was a. prose writer besides be
ing a poet, his essays standing like those
of Matthew Arnold, In rank and file with
his verse. He was a wit as well, and rec
onciled the World to his country by after
dinner speeches when he represented us
at the court of St. James. Since his death
he has been shown to us as one of the
most delightful of letter .writers, and; we
have another pleasure In store in the com
plete biography which will ere long be
given to the world. t
Lowell comes so near/In many ways to
Longfellow that he has slipped In, against
the laws of precedence, between the older
poet and Oliver Wendell Holmes, the con
temporary of Longfellow. But what fig
ure can more v fittingly close a paper on
the golden age of American literature
thaji that of the poet who, starting almost
and dignity of hts mental attitude, mat
ing It laugh as It had perhaps neve
laughed at anything so fastidiously del
cate In tone.
In his essays he accomplished the reti
cence of putting away his wit in favor of
a sort of modern Addisonian humor of a
delightful flavor. The autocrat was a
little more approachable than the poet. Tt>
the last of his honored life he was un
flagging In the literary charm, and the
thought how few years have passed since
he entertained us "Over the Teacups" la
a reminder that our golden- age was only
the day before yesterday.
SOPHIA KIRK.
Note— An examination upon this coursa
as the basis for the granting of certifi
cates will be published Saturday. Octo
ber 13.
A big fleet of deep-water ships made
port yesterday. Some of them came laden
with salmon from the Alaskan canneries;
others carried susar from the Hawaiian
plantations; one brought coal from New
castle; another was a United States trans
port, and still another came from Nome
with about thirty-five gold hunters, who
were more than anxious to get home.
The transport Conemaugh, thirty-five
days from Manila and twenty-five days
from Nagasaki, came in early during the
morning. She brought no passengers and
had a very rough" trip on the great circle.
The big freight boat will be at once fitted
out again and will take another load of
horses and provisions to the Philippines.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company's
bark John and Winthrop was the next to
get In. She made the run from Nome in
thirty-four days under sail, a very cred
itable performance, considering that
steamers frequently take from twenty-one
to twenty-four days to cover the dis-
Foll'owlng the John and Winthrop came
the bark C. D. Bryant from Honolulu,
with sugar: the ship Two Brothers from
Pyramid Harbor, with 47.610 cases of
palmon, and the ship St. Nicholas from
Xashagak, with 62,224 cases of salmon,
both consigned to the Alaska Packers'
Association; the French bark Charles
(iounoj from Newcastle. K. S. \V.. with
3300 tons of coal;. the bark St. Katherlne
from Honolulu, with sugar; the steamer
Umatllla from Victoria, B. C, and the
tu*r Equator from Kodiak.
The French bark Charles Gounod *is a
brand-new vessel on her maiden trip, and
is one of the last of the lleet built last
year under the new French subsidy law.
She is a handsome craft and is already
under charter to load wheat here for Ku
rope.
CANNERY FLEET MOVEMENTS.
Narrow Escape of the Tug Equator
From Two Waterspouts.
The tug Equator reports that the J. D.
Peters was t.o sail about September 23
from Kodlak. The schooner Maid of
Orleans was expected to sail the same
day. The ship Indiana was to get away
from Karluk about September 23. while
the bark Harvester was to leave Oyak
Bav September 24. The Santa Clara was
lying in Oyak Bay, awaiting a chance to
load at Karluk when the Equator left.
The Equator had a narrow escape com
ing down the coast. "When in latitude 46
degrees north, longitude 129 degrees 12
minutes west, two huge waterspouts
were seen bearing down on the vessel.
After watching them for a few moments
and noting their course the captain at
once put his vessel about and headed in
shore at full speed. The danger soon
passed and thon the Equator held on her
course. This makes the fourth vessel that
has reported waterspouts on! the coast
during the past few months.
The San Francisco ship "Wachusett is
now practically given up as lost. She Is
143 days out from Newcastle, N: S. \V\,
for Kahului, with a cargo of coal, and 90
per cent is being paid to reinsure her
chances. '
The Alex McNeil, also owned In San
Francisco and now out 155 days from Pu
get Sound for Fremantle, Australia, Is
being- reinsured at 40 per cent, while the
British ship Lancing, which is managed
here, has 20 per cent offered on her
chances. The Lancing Is now out 117 days
from Puget Sound for Port Pirie, Austra
lia. Th"> British bark Limacne is now out
eighty days from Callao for Tocaplllo and
the underwriters are paying 70 per cent on
her chances. Relnsurance - gamblers seem
to think that three out of four of these
vessels will reach port.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday re
turned a true bill of Indictment against
Lewis Peters charging him with assault
with a dangerouo weapon on the high
seas. Peters wau boatswain of the
steamer San Juan. On September 7 of
this year Peters had an altercation with
William Shanahan, the mate, in the
course of which Peters stabbed Shanahan
In th» left shoulder-blade with a sheath
knife, inflicting a trifling wound. United
States District Judge Hawley fixed the
amount of Peters' ball at $1000.
Water Front Notes.
The Stockton rivor steamer I>auntless
had a hard time of It getting hack to San
Francisco yesterday. For a long time
the crew has been grumbllriK at the food
plven them, and .Thursday night, accord
; ing to them, it was worse than usual.
TVnen Stockton was reached all the long
shoremen quit In a body and the steamer
was tied up for a time. Finally a new
crew was secured, but those men are ex
pected to quit as soon as they get back
to Stockton, so all the trouble will have
to be pone over again.
The new tug Slocumb, for the use of the
i army transport service, Is expected here
In a few days. She left Acapulco on Sep
tember 28 and should reach here Sun
day. The L.ewls E. Luckenbach is not
far behind her and should reach port the
latter part of next week.
The largest dredging machine ever built
on the Pacific Coast Is now under con
struction at Hay & Wright's yards in
Oakland Creek. She will be 150 feet ions.
50 feet beam and 12 feet deep. Powerful
machinery will be put on her and when
completed she will be a monster. Once
In good working . order the monster
dredger will go to work on the levees
between Eacramento and Yolo.
' A Taxe of the ferry steamer Newark
met with a peculiar accident yesterday.
"While the Newp.rk was docking, by some
mishap the flagpole was knocked down
and fell across Tajce'a.hand. His second
finger was so badly smashed that he had
to have It amputated at the Harbor Hos
pital.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest . to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The steamer Barracouta sailed yesterday tor
Panama with the following cargo, all of which
will he transhipped to New York, valued at
JU0.26S:
4GoO cs canned salmon, 5 cs typewriters, 22
bales rubber, 24S bales rags, 3002 ctls barley,
214,544 gals wine.
Merchandise for Australia.
Charters.
The stpamshlp Moana sailed yesterday for
Australia with a general cargo volued at
$1S2.262. manifested as follows: For Australia.
J13G.246; for New Zealand, $37,657; for South
Soa Islands. JS359. The following were the
principal shipments. »
For Australia— 5 drums acid, 25 cs ammonia.
t crs bicycles, 4M lbs blue stone, 12,537 lbs
coffee. 19 ca candy, 952 bdls codfish. 295 bdls
corrlase. 5."07 cs canned goods, 111.6S2,lbs dried
fruit, 21 cs dry Roods, 1601 yds duck, 26 cs
druRs. 31 pkRS electrical goods, 17 ere furni
ture. 72.",7 bxs apples, 5 cs glassware, 77,342 lbs
hojir. 15 cs hardware, 32 rolls leather. 12 cs
millstufTs, 4 crs mill work. 86 pkgs machinery.
1S0O crs onions, 40 cs 15 bbls oil, 12 cs oil
clothing, 31S cs paint, 94 bdls paper, 3 cs phono
graph goods, 9 cs printing irk, 2S0 pkgs raisins.
11 cs rubber goods, 25 bales rubber hose, 3 cash
register*. 29 cs shoes, 240 bxs salt flsn. 10.571
cs salmon. 9 cs silk, 3 sewing machines, 7 cs
undcrtakfrs' supplies.
For New Zealand— 2S22 lbs beans, 14.197 lbs
cocoa. 2332 cs canned goods, 65 cs codfish. 1247
lbs coffee. 36,749 lbs dried fruit, 35 cs drugs,
12 cr« engines, 1700 bxs apples. 4 cs hardware,
10,109 lbs hops, 151 cs metal polish, 64 pkgs ma
chinery. 11 cs mlllstuffs, 2340 crs onions, 17 ca
paper, 2 cs photo goods, 6 cs phonograph goods,
1""> cs raisins. 322 cs salmon. 13 cs shoes, 8
sheep, 12 crs trucks.
Kot South Sea Islands— 10 cs coal oil, 4 bdls
cordage, 210 cs canned goods, 2SS4 lbs coffee,
205 lbs dried fruit, 9 cs dry goods. 27 bxs fruit,
2S crs furniture, 1S5 cs groceries and provisions,
1OK cs hardware, 326 lbs lard. 7 cs" lamps. 5 cs
liquors, 91 cs mill work, 672 lbs nuts, 6 bdls
oars, 3 crs onions, SO crs potatoes, 4 cs paint.
6 cs paste, 33,600 lbs rice, 20 bbls wheat flour,
106 bbls flour, 115 cs 11 half-bbls Falmon, 3 crs
wagon material, 6 cs wall paper, 21 gals wine.
The Flintshire loads merchandise for Port
Arthur. •
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
CLEARED.
Friday, October 6.
Ktmr Conemaueh. Roberts. 35 days from
Manila; 25 days from Xaeasakl.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
BraRff.
Stmr Equator, Robinson, 10 days from Ko
diak.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 60 hours from Vic
toria and Pu*et Sound ports.
Ship Two Brothers. Wilson, 14 days from
Pyramid Harbor.
nark C D Bryant, Colly, 21 days from Hono
lulu.
Hark St Catherine, Saunders, 24 days from
Honolulu.
Bark St Nicholas, Brown, 28 days from
Nushaiok.
Bark John and WInthrop, 84 days from Cape
Nome.
Fr bark Chas Gounod, Gautier, 77 days from
Newcastle, Australia.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, 60 hours
from Sf-warts Point.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 4 days from
Bowons Landlns.
Friday, October 6.
Stmr Barracouta, Robinson, Panama; Pacific
Mail SS Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka: Goodall. Per
king & Co.
Stmr Bonlta, NIcolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu; Welch A Co.
SAILED.
Friday. October 6.
Stmr Empire. Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Bnrracouta. Hoblnson, Panama, etc.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Scotia. WalviB. Rockoort.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle, Amesport.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen, Westport.
Ship George SkoMeld, Street. Port Arthur.
Ship Edward Bewail. Bewail. Liverpool.
Brig Galilee. Dlnsmore. Tahiti.
Bohr Wlnslow. Birkholm. Salinas Cruz.
Schr Hel?ne. Christiansen, Honolulu.
Schr J Epplnger, Skipper, Stewarts Point.
Schr Balnbrldfe, Bauman, Port Blakeley.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen, Blhlers Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 5, 10 p m— 'Weather
clear; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN,
Per bark C D Bryant— Sept 25. lat 41 41 N, Ion
146 47 W, Br bark"Kilmory, from Honolulu, for
Puset Sound.
MISCELLANEOUS
Schr Anita,- previously reported ashore at
Ncstucci, Or, was floated Oet 4; no damage.
I/ONDON, Oct 4— Br stmr Emir, previously
reported, has a hole 14 feet Ion* knocked in her.
Probably towed to Suez to-morrow.
MEMORANDUM,
Per 6tmr Equator— Bark J D Peters to pall
from Chlgnik Bay Sept 23. Schr Maid of Or
leans and ship Indiana to sail from Karluk
Pppt 25; bark Merom waiting to load. Bark
Harvester tailed from Uyak Bay Sept 24. Ship
Santa Clara In port waiting to load at Karluk.
Oct 1. lat 46 N. Ion 123 12 W, passed tow large
waterspouts. Had to keep the vessel oft her
course to clear them.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
EUREKA— Arrived Oct H— Stmr Eureka, hnc
Oct 3; stmr Iaqua, hence Sept 3.
ASTOKIA— Sailed Oct »-Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 5— Ger ship Osterbek. from
Klaochau: Br bark Kilmory. from Honolulu;
Br phlp Dechmont, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE-Arrlved Oct 4— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Oct 1: »tmr Willamette, hence Oct 1.
Sailed Oct 4-Stmr Oregon, for Nome; stmr
Cltr of Seattle, for Skaguay.
Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Centennial, from Nome;
etmr Dolphin, from Skapuay.
EAST SAN PEDRO-Salled Oct 5-Stmr Geo
Lnomt?. for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct &— Nor stmr Horda,
hence Servt SO.
Sailed Oct &— Schr Glendale, for San Pedro.
COOS BAT— Sailed Oct &-Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 5— Barge Santa Pau
la, in tow tug: Rescue, hence Oct 3.
Sailed Oct 6— Baree Santa Paula, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Geo Loo
mls, for San Francisco: schr J M Colman, for
Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS.
i MANILA— Arrived Oct 4— Br stmr Btrathgyle,
from Kobe.
COLON"— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Hudson, i from
New York.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 6— Bark Rufus E
•Wood, from Unalaaka. » .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 8— Br itmr Man
mouthj3hire, from Oregon. . , •
NATHANIEL, HAWTHORNE AS
HE APPEARED AT THE AGE
OF 46.
AIDED BT A PAir k VIND A LARGE FLEET OF » DEEP-WATER SHIPS AND COASTERS CAME IXTO THE
OFFING YEST )RDAY ABOUT NOON. THE WIND FELL LIGHT, HOWEVER, AND MANY OF THEM HAD
to tow in; ¦ ¦;''¦;¦,.;¦"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1900.
Equator Has a Narrow Escape From Waterspouts— Four Long Overdue Vessels Are
Booming tne Reinsurance Market— It Is' Expected That Three,
at Least, Will Turn Up. '
SPANKING NORTHWEST BREEZE BRINGS A BIG
FLEET OF DEEP WATER SHIPS INTO PORT
XVII.
7
Steamer. I From. I Du«.
1 1 1
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland Oct. 6
North Kork Humboldt Oct. 8
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. <
Rureka Humboldt Oct. 8
Newburg (San Pedro |Oct. 6
IMval IWIUapa Oct. ft
Crescent Clty..iCrescent City Oct. 8
Arcata (Coos Bay Oct. 7
Iaqua |Humbolelt Oct. 7
State ot Cal...j Port land Oct. •
Pomona (Humboldt Oct. 8
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 8
San Jobo New York Oct. f
America Maru.. China and Japan Oct. 9
Australia Honolulu Oct. 9
Rainier Seattle Oct. 9
City of Puebla. Victoria Oct. 9
Mlneola |Tacoma Oct. 9
Corona San Diego Oct. 10
Point Arena.... Point Arena Oct. II
Mackinaw Seattle Oct. 11
Willamette .... Seattle Oct. 11
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 11
Czarina Seattle Oct. 12
Bonlta Newport Oct. 12
Steamer. Destination. I Salla. I Pier.
Bonlta Newport |Oct. 6, 11 amipter 24
LupII* Caspar lOct. 6, 4 pm I Pier 2
Ncwburg ..|Grays Harbor Oct. 6, 5 pm|PIer 13
Curacao ...JMexleo Oct. 7. lu ami Pier 11
O. Elder ..(Portland Oct. 8. 11 amIPler 24
Eureka ....(Humboldt jOct. 8, 10 am Pier 13
City SydnoylXew York.... Oct. 8. 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena.|Polnt Arena. .|Oet. 8. 2 pm Pier 2
Umatllla ..|Vlctorla lOct. 8. 11 am Pier 9
Santa RosalPan DIpko lOct. 8, 11 am Pier 11
North ForklHumboldt (Oct. », 9 am Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa (Oct. »
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 9. 12 m Pier 13
Coptic China &Japan Oct. 10. 1 pm PMSS
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 10, 11 am Pier 24
r-oos Ray... Wwnort Oct. 10. 9amiPfer 11
Pomona ...|Htimboldt Oct. 10, 2 pmjPIrr 9
Corona — ISan Diego Oct. 12, 11 am|Pier 11
Rainier ....iSeattlo (Oct. 12 1
City Puebla|V!ctorta |Oct. 13, 11 amlPIer 9
• I
Second Feet.
1899. I 1900.
Second 1
Feet.
DATE. ' -
oei'unu i
IS99. I
reel.
1CNV1
September 23 '.
September 24
September 23
September 26
September 27
September 2S
September 29
39S0~ ~
39S0
3980
39S0
3SW
3980
39S0
1900.
39S0
3<*05
3805
3S05
SK05
3S05
3S05
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1S99. I 1900.
September 23
September 24
September 25
September 26
September 27
September 28
September 29
1
BO 90
70 90
, 70 90
50 90
50 90
70 90
90 90
Secoml Feet.
DATE. Mn'frCo. Total
1S99. 1900. Canal. 190O.
Sept. 13 04 7 10 17
Fept. 24 54 10 io
Sept. 25 64 10 10
Sept. 2fi 54 JO io
Sept. 27 54 35 10 «
S«-pt. 23 54 110 10 120
Sept. 29 64 C5 10 75
Second Feet.
1899. I 1900.
1S99.
~r
1900.
September 23
September 24
September 23
September 2fi
September 27
September 2S
September 29
1999.
100
70
70
70
70
70
70
ISO
ISO
ISO
180
180
ISO
ISO
O |Tim»: Tlme| ' jTlmr Ttn»«l
* I i Ft. ( Ft. I Ft. Ft.
• IL W H WJ L W H WJ
6 ... 2:59 0.9 9:32 B.4 . 3:J2 0.8 9:59 5.2
7 ... 3:49 1.2 10:09 5.7 4:19 0.3 10:57 5.2
8 ... 4:21 1.5 10:45 5.9 6:05—0.1 11:52 5.1
9 .. 5:01 1.9 11:23 6.0 *:53 —0.4 ...........
10... 0:48 4.9 5:42 2.3 12:031 6.0 6:45—0.4
11.. 1:4S 4, d 8:271 2.7112:4.'! K.9 7:40-0.4
12... | 2:50| 4.5! 7:151 2.9| . l:30| ' 5.6| 8:40[-O.2
Steamer. I From. I Du«.
1 1 1
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland Oct. 6
North Kork Humboldt Oct. 8
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. <
Rureka Humboldt Oct. 8
Newburg (San Pedro |Oct. 6
IMval IWIUapa Oct. ft
Crescent Clty..iCrescent City Oct. 8
Arcata (Coos Bay Oct. 7
Iaqua |Humbolelt Oct. 7
State ot Cal...j Port land Oct. •
Pomona (Humboldt Oct. 8
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 8
San Jobo New York Oct. f
America Maru.. China and Japan Oct. 9
Australia Honolulu Oct. 9
Rainier Seattle Oct. 9
City of Puebla. Victoria Oct. 9
Mlneola |Tacoma Oct. 9
Corona San Diego Oct. 10
Point Arena.... Point Arena Oct. II
Mackinaw Seattle Oct. 11
Willamette .... Seattle Oct. 11
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 11
Czarina Seattle Oct. 12
Bonlta Newport Oct. 12
Steamer. Destination. I Salla. I Pier.
Bonlta Newport |Oct. 6, 11 amipter 24
LupII* Caspar lOct. 6, 4 pm I Pier 2
Ncwburg ..|Grays Harbor Oct. 6, 5 pm|PIer 13
Curacao ...JMexleo Oct. 7. lu ami Pier 11
O. Elder ..(Portland Oct. 8. 11 amIPler 24
Eureka ....(Humboldt jOct. 8, 10 am Pier 13
City SydnoylXew York.... Oct. 8. 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena.|Polnt Arena. .|Oet. 8. 2 pm Pier 2
Umatllla ..|Vlctorla lOct. 8. 11 am Pier 9
Santa RosalPan DIpko lOct. 8, 11 am Pier 11
North ForklHumboldt (Oct. », 9 am Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa (Oct. »
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 9. 12 m Pier 13
Coptic China &Japan Oct. 10. 1 pm PMSS
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 10, 11 am Pier 24
r-oos Ray... Wwnort Oct. 10. 9amiPfer 11
Pomona ...|Htimboldt Oct. 10, 2 pmjPIrr 9
Corona — ISan Diego Oct. 12, 11 am|Pier 11
Rainier ....iSeattlo (Oct. 12 1
City Puebla|V!ctorta |Oct. 13, 11 amlPIer 9
• I
Second Feet.
1899. I 1900.
Second 1
Feet.
DATE. ' -
oei'unu i
IS99. I
reel.
1CNV1
September 23 '.
September 24
September 23
September 26
September 27
September 2S
September 29
39S0~ ~
39S0
3980
39S0
3SW
3980
39S0
1900.
39S0
3<*05
3805
3S05
SK05
3S05
3S05
Secoml Feet.
DATE. Mn'frCo. Total
1S99. 1900. Canal. 190O.
Sept. 13 04 7 10 17
Fept. 24 54 10 io
Sept. 25 64 10 10
Sept. 2fi 54 JO io
Sept. 27 54 35 10 «
S«-pt. 23 54 110 10 120
Sept. 29 64 C5 10 75
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1S99. I 1900.
September 23
September 24
September 25
September 26
September 27
September 28
September 29
1
BO 90
70 90
, 70 90
50 90
50 90
70 90
90 90
O |Tim»: Tlme| ' jTlmr Ttn»«l
* I i Ft. ( Ft. I Ft. Ft.
• IL W H WJ L W H WJ
6 ... 2:59 0.9 9:32 B.4 . 3:J2 0.8 9:59 5.2
7 ... 3:49 1.2 10:09 5.7 4:19 0.3 10:57 5.2
8 ... 4:21 1.5 10:45 5.9 6:05—0.1 11:52 5.1
9 .. 5:01 1.9 11:23 6.0 *:53 —0.4 ...........
10... 0:48 4.9 5:42 2.3 12:031 6.0 6:45—0.4
11.. 1:4S 4, d 8:271 2.7112:4.'! K.9 7:40-0.4
12... | 2:50| 4.5! 7:151 2.9| . l:30| ' 5.6| 8:40[-O.2
Second Feet.
1899. I 1900.
1S99.
~r
1900.
September 23
September 24
September 23
September 2fi
September 27
September 2S
September 29
1999.
100
70
70
70
70
70
70
ISO
ISO
ISO
180
180
ISO
ISO
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-PAT. PATTRDAT. OCT. I.
Parquet. 25c. tnr seat: BaJeonr. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except rtf^rved.
A MODEL OF HIGH CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
CAMILLE FARVILLE !
THE THREE FOIRIERS.
JULIA KINGSLEY AND COMPANT.
BELLE DAVIS AiXD PICKANINNIES,
•WATNE AND CALDWELi* KOLB AND
DILL,
MR. AND MRS. JACKSON,
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
NEXT WKKK.
Panorama o. the Wrecked City
of Galveston
ON THE BIOGRAPH.
*TS ¥_O iLI*
Metlnee To-flay «n4 Sunday Nlpht.
"HUGUENOTS"
TO-NIGHT
"CARMEN"
/
NEXT WEEK
"THE JEWESS."
FOPTLAB PRICES 2Se and COc
7>lej.hor.* Bush S.
GRAND OPS: PA HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
The Great Ensllta Kacing Urania.
The Sporting Duchess.
MONDAY "IN PARADISE"
EVEM.\(J PRICES— IOC. 15e. Ait*.'.
A Few Front Hows In Orchestra 75c
MATINEE PRICES — IOC. I5o. 25c. 5Oc. (
No H»ch»r.
E^anrh Ticket Offlr*" — Emporium.
!
fl^HEATRE^A^
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY YOU UNS
night OF FRISCO
Inching Sunday. MUST SEE
The N. T. Melodramatic Hit.
WE UNS OF
TENNESSEE
ORIGINAL SCENERY. SPECIAL CAST.
• i
ALF ELLINGHOrPE I'rcp. and Mnur.
Phone South 770.
i.aft TIMES
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT.
A. II P*hntr*i SEX8ATI0KAL FARCE-
"THAT MAN."
Pnwnti! t y th* Comedian.
WALTER WALKER.
The Dalr.tr Comedienne.
MISS MILDRED FT. PIERRI.
TOMORROW (PfXI)AVl' AFTERNOON. ¦
Hoyf« Very Bert.
From Iloyt'c Madlson-aquare Theater, N. Y.
Pc pular Pnr»»-rvfnlng. lb-. lie. Be, ;0c anj
?Tc: Mfctine«, 15c. 25c. 2*c and 53c. Phone South
770.
CHUTES^and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON' AND EVENING.
SPECIAL~TO-NIGHT :
GRAND CAKEWALK
2O COUPLES 2O
20 COUPLES 20
2O COUPLES 20
THE CONGO FAMILY,
NOW ON EXHIBITION.
NOW ON EXHIBITION.
NOW ON EXHIBITION.
NOW ON EXHIBITION.
Telephone for S^ata Paxk 23.
BASEBALL!
Sacramento
vs.
San Francisco
TO-DA Y AT 3 r. M.
SUN DA Y AT 2:3O P. M.
RECREATION PARK
Klrhth and Harrtaon Streets.
FISCHFR'<n CONCERT HOUSE.
end Melton. Carrctl. Robert Ellle. De
k»o»co JJruthrrs. Antonio Vargaa. Mae Tuniaon
• nd N>w Moving Pictures.
Keaerv*d Seata. 25c; Matlnr* Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Or»n r>atly From 7 a. rn. to II p. m.
Bathing: From 7 «. m. to 10 p. m-
-_ - ¦¦- ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c
Hgthing. lnrljdlr.K admlMlon. »c: Children. KKs.
My Gall $1.00 pr Year ;
Only fife out of the forty-four New
York rational banks now hold Govern-
ment bonds not used as collateral either
for public deposits or for circulation.
Kohler & Chase Rive easiest terms
A Celebrated
KOHLER & CO.
Guaranteed
Seven Years
actually costs you
84c a mon th
This is how we do it: We eive
you a beautiful Kohler & Co. piano,
guaranteed for seven years, with
a fine scarf and stool for $275.00
(this is the factory price of these
renowned instruments: other houses
would charge you at least $.150.00
for this grade). You pav say $10.00
a month (smaller installments if
you wish), then the interest
amounts to only 84 cents per month,
which is all the use of vour piano
actually costs you. This is our resru-
lar installment plan. It has saved
money for hundreds and if you will
call we will explain how it will save
money for you.
Kohler & Chase
The Bis: Music House
Knabe Agency
1013-1015 Broadway - Oakland
26-30 O'Farrell St.. San Francisco.
For
TO-DAT AT 2:15 P. M.
The Azzali Italian Grand Opera Co.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15 P. M.
"NORMA"
Sunday Nlpht, CommenclnR the Last Week of
the Opera Season.
"LUCIA."
Debut of Mme. Tunponl-Brunl.
POPULAR PRICES — N'ieht. 75c, 50c. 25c.
Matinee, 50c. 23c.
MATINEE TO-PAT!
To-NlRht and Sunday— La«t Times
EDDIE FOY
In the Latest Comedy Succes*.
"A NIGHT IN TOWN."
Prices— n. 75c, 50c, 35c afcd 25c.
5g GIN NEXT~MONDAY.
Orieinal I»n<3on, Npw York and Chicago Pro-
duction of
"QUO VADIS,"
THE YELLOW KID
Evrn can have his linen laundered in
beautiful Btyle at this laundry. Collars,
cuffs, business or dress shirts are iaun-
dered to the acme of beauty and away
up beyond the standard of ordinary laun-
dry work.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
you wish It.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Neer Powell.
Telephone— South 420.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The b*«t «\-1<3enee of the . popularity of
these hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of those who on some' previous
occasion have made them their head-
quarter* irhm visiting: San Francisco.
Connected by a covered pasnaseway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plan.
Avis]? OR- JORDAN'S creat^
SeusEua of aRATomrS
T Sf Tb e Lirjeit Anatomical Museum in tbe \
A ijL. World We*kr.f"»» ot any contracted 4
T jlJA jO ditc»»e tx-5lUw«-!ycurexl by thr cldeit V
A i V?£&| CB. JCRDAH—PRIYATE DISEASES 4
\ £^>^£?)i§ Coiiultsrion fren and strictly 'privste. \
/} f jSW A Tn " n '-"' personally ft by Utter. A A
\ H a Si W '' tc l *' JTiia CV CO' cj^cund-rukcv. T
A&U lit* Wric (or Book. PBILO«or ¦ Vsf i
V • j| 111 aiaaiAsi!, mailed fkeb. * A v
A |J |j **luabl« book for n.rn/ \
f (t» JUBDANACO., 1051 Market St., 8. F. f
\^\ MEN
«lCir>3S»« LOST VIGOR
1K5& \\ RESTORED!
Wffi&QL OR. COOPER & CO.,
<-^fe^ 318 Kearny Strut.
.F«n Francisco. Cal.
Ks ma k %m*-T« ™ w •Til
1 Rlfiimn EMfcd dTajI
rj A c>~ CJ8 InvVi few «Jn _^ f3|
fltt CHICHKTER'S CNQS.I9H '
Pennyroyal fills
V<r nVA SJlrE^ /'*V r<! "» bl « Ludle*. ur Drnrrirt
PnSrask " T chiciikstek's knglwh
tC^'dffS^ ln KCD au4 Col4 BetaJlio Utt*. luled
J\ 5^ W« •"»*!«• ribboa. Toke no other. Rrraoe
Tn "E^ vCI !>•««•«»¦• fub.Hl.tlon. u d Imita.
I / fTT «'•"•• Boy of j»or i>rorK'.«t. or * o4 4r. In
\W» /** "O4 " Relltf for l.udl**," n Utter, bj r».
—\ A iMmMall. 1 0.Oon TMtfmonUli. p«!d b*
v-ZTT/i. "'»««""• ;: Chlrhe.te, Chemical C,
KCTtlcBltUp^pc. Maxima bq««rc f 11U.A.. !».£
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
•tor and Nervine.
The rnoBt wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organa for both. «exes.
Tbe Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS &. BRUNE, Agents.
K3 Market at., 8. F.-(Seo4 for Circular.)
. -M ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE^ECURITYr
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of
Terr uull «ai as easy
*• ULkr *a sugar.
SFF lf*AD-rrn>l FGR headache. epp
3LE CARTERS for DiniMEss. bLK
rcvmvTc for biliqushess. rprmMn
GENDINE hi vcD for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PI LL? F0R COHSTIPATIOH.
WRAPPER MZxM fOR sallow skih. WRAPPER
" MirLfl !K&gS£lL_jF0R TK£ COMPLEXION " KArrCK
"FRnSTTEID OIT RED PAPER."Following are the additional subscrip
tions to the Texas relief fund received
yesterday:
From Board of State Harbor Com
1 mlssloners —
Proceeds frorn promenade concert la
Union Depot and Ferry building, Sep
tember 29 $256 75
Committee on Cloak and Suit
Houses —
Kelly & Llebes '. 5 00
Chicago Tailoring Company 2 60
S. Shemanskl ; 5 00
D. M. Davidson & Co 10 00
R. D. Davis & Co > 5 00
L<oewenthal & Co..... 5 00 i
C. O. Gebhardt 6 Jjo
"WVR. Neary ' 500
Committee on Medical Profession—
Lengfeld's Pharmacy 10 00
Dr. L. U Dorr 250
Dr. A. A. D'Aneona 500
R. N. Wheaton, Dunsmulr. Cal 375
Received by Mayor Phelan—
West End School 751)
Starr King School 23 75
Harrison School U 15 i
Total ;... $3C2 65 I
Previously ackr.owledsed 33. 42.1 47
Total to 'date J*. J33.786 12 j
STJDDEN RISE IN
THE PRICE OF PORK
Sir Thomas Lipton, the English Tea
Merchant, is Said to Be Be
hind the Deal.
CHICAGO. Oct. 5.— "Shorts" on October
pork were given an unexpected shaking
up to-day by the price jumping $2 per
barrel, part of it at the rate of 50 cents be
tween trades. The price went up from $13
to $15 and closed at $14 50, a net gain of
Jl 40 for the day. Within thirty days
there has been an advance of $3 20. air
Thomas J. Lipton. the English tea mer
chant, is behind .the deal. The advance
was without any great excitement, as no t
to exceed 6000 barrels changeu hands. It
was a scramble on the part of the shorts,
with light offerings.
- A week ago there was an estimated
shortage of 75,000 barrels, or more than
double the actual stock here. Lipton Is
stripping it and selling the strips in large
quantities at 6% cents a pound, one lot of
300,000 pounds being disposed of to-day at
that figure, v
"We have no pork to sell for specula
tive purposes," said his representatives,
"but if anybody wants It to ship it out we
can accommodate them at reasonable fig
ures."
Treasure From Home.
James P. Curry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 5.— The steamship Cen
tennial arrived in port to-day with 325
passengers and $150,000 of treasure from
Nome. She left Nome on September 22.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Oct. 5.— James P.
Curry, for the past eighteen years Audi
tor of the Chicago, New York and Mil
waukee (Nickel Plate) Railroad, died to
day. He had been in ill health more than
a year.
Buella Fuller.
JOLIET, 111., Oct. 5.— Buella Puller, a
lawyer and a well known Illinois news
paper man, died to-day, aged 38.
Slade of Fair Oaks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALATIAL COUNTRY HOME.
Mansion to Be Built by Spencer E.
REDWOOD CITY. Oct. 5.— Spencer E.
Slade is about to commence the erection
of one of the finest country homes in this
part of San Mateo County. Mr. Slade has
purchased ten acres in the Marks tract at
l'"alr Oaks. The contract for construction
has been let, the work to be completed
In 120 working days.
The rooms will be finished in different
kinds of wood. The reception hall and
stairs will be in Oregon ash; the living
room in West Coast mahogany: the
kitchen, attic and the hall on the second
lloor in Oregon pine, and the billiard
room in selected Slsson pine. The bed
rooms will be iinlshed differently, as fol
lows: In white cedar, Oregon pine, maple,
spruce, hemlock, wavy redwood and red
wood. The private bathroom will be In
Oregon maple and the general bathroom
in white cedar. The doors are to be ve
neered in the same iinlsh as the rooms.
SPREAD OF THE STRIKE.
ing Accessions.
Los Angeles Electrical Workers Gain-
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 5.— The ranks of
the. striking electrical workers are being
augmented almost hourly and practically
all work of stringing and repairing wires
in the city is at an end for the present.
Managers of the electric companies de
clare they will fight the strike to the
end.
Officers of the union assert that al
though it is the intention to call out the
electrical employes of the city the union
vill detail its own men to repair what
ever breaks may occur In either the flro
alarm or police signal system.
COAST NEWS, IN BRIEF.
SAN ANDREAS, Oct. 5.— Owing to th« rain
yesterday, the remainder of the annual fair
of Calaveras County has been postponed to Oc
tober 7. 8 and 9. ;
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 5.— The Central Baotlst
Association, including all the Baptist churches
in this district, will be in convention at tha
Flrst Baptist Church next week.
HEALDSBURG, Oct. 5.— John Alexander, a
mulatto, was killed by a train near here yes
terday. Alexander had been drinking, and was
lying in a drunken stupor on the track.
SUISUN. Oct. 5.— Manuel Matthews, the 13
year-old Kalrfleld boy who was arrested last
Sunday on a charge of robbing the till In a
grocery etore, pleaded guilty to-day and was
sentenced by Judge Buckles to six years in the
reform school at Preston.
HALFMOON BAT, Oct. 5.— Ludwlg Lechner.
a Bavarian, was accidentally killed yesterday
near this place by a falling limb from a tree.
He had no relatives in this vicinity so far as
known. He came from Woodside last summer.
Amors his effects were found letters from
Myles Braero of 112 Shotwell street, San Fran
cisco.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 5.— J. E. Taylor, a one
armei man, alleged to be an agent here of the
original Mexican Lottery Company, was arrest
ed to-dav by a constable at the instance of a
secret Bervlce agent on a charge of conducting
a scheme to defraud, and the further charge of
conducting a lottery. He was held to answer
before the Federal Court In San Francisco ball
being fixed at $1,100.
JAMESTOWN. Oct. 6.— Work upon the dam
being constructed by the Melones Mining Com
pany above Robinson's, on the Stanislaus River,
upon which 110 men have been employed, was
discontinued yesterday on account of the rise
in the river following* the rain. General Man
ager jW. C. Ralston telephones that the pumps
were removed safely. Work on the dam will
not be resumed until next summer.
VICTORIA. Oct. 5.— A newspaper received
here to-day from Sydney. N. S. W., says a sen
fsatlonal gold discovery has been made at Long
Flat, near Gundagal, N. 8. W. Pieces of gold
covered with oxide of iron . have been found
weighing: up to three-quarters of a pound troy
Fullr 2000 ounces were obtained. Half of a
prosDectlnz dish of fine dirt taken out of a
chute panned out about twenty-five ounces of
fold. Gold still shows quite as good in the
loof drive, there being apparently a aeam of
almost pure gold.
Explosion Victims Interred.
Special Dispatch to The Ca!l
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 5.— The powder
works were closed to-day on account of
the funerals of Charles ilercler and John
Valencia, the two men killed by the ex
plosion at the works. Workmen to thi)
number of 150 attended both funerals in
a body. The services over Charles Mer
cler were in charge of the Knights of
Pythias and the Maccabees. Valencia's
funeral was conducted according to tha
rites of the Catholic church.
Needharn Talks at Corona.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CORONA. Oct. 5.— Congressman Need
ham addressed a large audience to-night
in Phillips Opera-house. One delegation
came from Riverside on a special train.
Judge Noyes of Riverside delivered an
eloquent speech.
SEATTLE, Oct. 5.— Eight days at sea
in an open boat with plenty of food but
not a drop of fresh water, was the awful
experience of Samuel Lutton and John
Bauer, two Alaska miners who started
out from Nome September 15 to round the
cape on a prospecting trip. They were
caught In the great storm, were blown
out to sea and left in a helpless condition
until they were rescued by the steamer
Centennial, winch arrived here to-day
with the unfortunate miners aboard.
Notwithstanding that they were care
fully nursed after their rescue by the offi
cers of the Centennial, they show unmis
takable signs of the mental and physical
anguish suffered during the eight days
in the open boat. At the time they were
picked up both were exhausted from
thirst and exposure and in an almost de
lirious condition, and they had no hope"
of seeing another day's sun rise.
The boat in which they were blown out
to sea was a small twenty-foot dory,
heavily laden with provisions, bedding
and mining tools. By a strange oversight
not one drop of fresh water had been
taken aboard. A strong wind was blow
ing off the shore when they started and
In a few hours it developed into a gale.
Jt was impossible to face it and make the
shore and it was found necessary to run
before the storm.
Physicians Puzzled Over the Condi-
FALLS UNCONSCIOUS
IN THE BOXING RING
tion of Steve Flanagan, the
Bantam-Weight.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 5.— At the In
dustrial Athletic Club to-night Steve
Flanagan of Philadelphia, ex-champion
bantam-weight of America, fell uncon
scious in the sixth and last round of a
contest with Jimmy Devine, a local
boxer, and at a late hour to-night. lies In
a critical condition in a hospital. Flana
gan's manager. Bob Delaney, Jimmy De
vlne and the seconds of both fighters were
placed under arrest pending an examina
tion of Flanagan's condition.
According to those at the ringside,
Flanagan's collapse was unaccountable.
It peemed to most of them as though no
blow had been struck. Those sitting fur
ther back, however, thinking there had
been a knockout, set up a cheer. Flana
gan's manager and seconds Jumped into
the ring, where Devlne was standing over
the prostrate boxer with a look of aston
ishment on his face. Flanagan was car
ried to his corner. All efforts to revive
him failed and he was taken to a hospital
near by, where the physicians expressed
doubt as to his recovery.
At the hospital the case was diagnosed
as hemorrhage of the brain. The doctors
could not say whether this was due to a
blow or some other cause.
Some months ago when Flanagan was
knocked out by Danny Dougherty, ten
hours elapsed before the physicians suc
ceeded in bringing him to.
The opinion Is expressed that Flanagan
may have been seized to-night with an
attack of vertigo.
Two Nome Miners Blown Out to Sea
in an Open Boat Arc Picked Up
When Almost Delirious
From Thirst.
WITHOUT WATER
FOR EIGHT DAYS
Coleman Gillespie Dies on the- Gal
lows Protesting His Innocence
end Accusing Another
Person.
GOLD BEACH, Ore., Oct. 5.— Coleman
Gillespie was hanged this afternoon for
the murder of Mrs. Christine Edson, in
September. 1899. On the scaffold he de
clared he was innocent and that Charles
Straun murdered the woman.
Mrs. Christine Edson, a woman over
70 years of age, who lived alone at Gold
Beach, was murdered, her house robbed
and her body cremated. Some days later
a mail carrier who passed the place dis
covered the house had been burned and
an investigation resulted in the finding
of the charred remains of Mrs. Edson.
Suspicion at once rested upon Coleman
Gillespie, a wild and reckless young fel
low. Gillespie sold Mrs. Edson's pension
check for $75 and this check when pre
sented at a bank at Roseburg gave the
officers their first positive evidence of his
guilt. He was arrested at Cottage Grove,
on September 30, and confessed to having
robbed the old lady of the pension check,
but denied that he murdered her. His
trial occupied two days and the Jury re
turned a verdict of guilty after twenty
minutes' deliberation. Gillespie's people
are highly respected In the community
where they live.
John Geisel. the first husband of Mrs.
Edson, the murdered woman, and their
three sons were murdered by the Rogue
River Indians in February, 1S56.
Southern Pacific Directors Meet.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.—A meeting of the
directors of the Southern Pacific Railway
Company was held in the company's
offices here to-day. Chairman Charles H.
Tweed said nothing of public importance
transpired at the meeting, the buslnes be
ing simply routine in character. Nothing
was said of a successor to the late Collis
P. Huntington as president of the com
pany.
Gans Gets the Decision.
DENVER, Oct. 5.—Joe Gans of Balti
more to-night got-the decision over Joe
Youngs of Buffalo before the Colorado
Athletic Club at the end of ten rounds.
The fight was & very hot one from start
to finish.
SLAYER OF MRS.
EDSON EXECUTED
Santa Cruz Members of the Christian
Organization Assemble in
Their Annual Con
vention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOQUEL, Oct. 5.— The Christian En
deavor hosts of this county are gathered
in convention here. They represent the
societies at Watsonville, Santa Cruz, Cor
ralitos, Aptos, Ben Lomond, Boulder
Creek and Soquel. The delegates are be
ing entertained at the homes of the local
members.
The convention opened this afternoon
with a praise and prayer service led by
the county president. Atexander Beck of
"Watsonville. The report of the late State
convention held in Stockton was given Dy
Miss May Theller. An open parliament on
"The World for Christ" was conducted
by Miss Bell Taylor. An interesting
paper was read by Miss Mary Theller on
"A Model /Christian Endeavor Society."
An address of welcome was given this
evening by Rev. G. H. Wilbur of the So
quel Congregational Church. Rev. L. A.
"W Uklnson of Santa Cruz spoke on "Loy
alty to Christ; What It Will Accomplish,"
and Rev. J. B. Orr gave an address on
"Christian Responsibility." A supper was
tendered the visiting delegates by the So
quel young people.
CONOREGATTONALISTS AD JOTJKN
Convention of Ministers and Laymen
Closes at Cloverdale.
Special Dispatch to The Call. #
. CLOVERDALE, Oct. 5.— The State Con
gregational Association concluded Its
work to-day and adjourned. Much has
been accomplished during the session, and
the delegates departed greatly pleased
with the hospitality extended to them by
the citizens of Cloverdale..
At the afternoon session Dr. G. C.
Adams spoke on the amendment to the
constitution of California relative to the
exemption of th« churches from taxation.
Mrs. E. S. Williams of Saratoga read a
paper concerning the work of the
Woman's Home Missionary Union, the
theme of which was "To Give Is to L4ve."
Mrs. F. B. Perkins of Oakland followed
with an address on "The Cradle Roll for
Home Missions." Rev. J. H. Goodell of
Petaluma' read an address entitled "The
Deepening -of Spiritual Life."
The Capen plan of systematic giving for
missions was adopted and recommended
to the churches.
In its report the special committee oh
temperance declared against the army
canteen and favored the supporting of
temperanco candidates at the coming ejec
tion.
At the evening session there were pre
sented three papers on the general theme.
"Relation of the Churches to Men." The
first paper, by Rev. E. W. Stoddard of
Martinez, dealt with the sub-topic, "In
the Presentation of the Go3pel"; the sec
ond, by Rev. F. B. Cherington of San
Francisco, was on the theme, "In Respect
to Life," and the third, by Rev. E. D
Weage of Tulare, had for its subject "In
Civic Life," 7
Delegates to corresponding: bodies were
appointed as follows: M. E. Conference
O. W. Lucas; Synod of the Pacific G B*
Hatch; Cumberland Presbyterian Synofl*
R. H: Sink; M. E. South Conference R
C. Brooks.
Rev. G. Griffiths of Eureka was elected
preacher for the ensuing year."
NEW OFFICERS NAMED.
Advent Christian Conference Holds
Its Annual Election. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 6.— At the Advent
Christian conference to-day, officers for
the ensuing year were elected, as follows-
General superintendent. Rev. T H
Organ of Oakland (re-elected); secretary"
Frank Taylor. Antioch; treasurer G W*
Place. Santa Cruz (re-elected).
The report of Treasurer G. W. Place of
£. anta ..£ ruz was especially encouraging
Over $2000 has passed through his hands
mostly for evangelistic work, $300 being
eubscribed for gospel wagon campaigns.
T £i re ls m a balanc e of $300 in the treasury
The officers elected by the State organ-!
ization of Loyal Workers areas follows-
President, Fred Colby of Santa Cruz; v^ce
president, Frank Taylor of Napa- secre
tary, Mrs. E. Stephenson of Oakland;
treasurer, K. Stephenson of Oakland.
SOQUEL WELCOMES
THE ENDEAVORERS
much Improved that some hope Is enter
tained that she will survive.
LOG BOOMS WASHED AWAY.
Rapid Rise in the Sacramento Causes
Loss at Keswick.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KESWICK. Oct. 5.— Burick & "Wengler.
wood contractors, suffered considerable
loss because of the sudden rise in the Sac
ramento River. The booms holding their
wood drive from Pit River broke this
morning and 1500 cords of four-foot wood
wos lost down the channel. Several car
loads of mining timbers went the samo
route. The loss will be $1000 to $3000. The
wood and timber had been coming down
the Pit and Sacramento a distance of
sixty miles, for use at the smelter here
since early last June, and In one week
more the last stick would have been de
livered in safety on dry land. The Sac
ramento River rose a foot in an hour yes
terday afternoon.
RKDDING, Oct. 5.— Heavy rains the
past twenty-four hours caused two im
mense landslides last night at Centra!
Spur, just above Keswlck station. Thou
sands of tons of earth came tumbling
down upon the railroad tracks. The de
bris of the first slide had Just been
cleared when the second occurred. No
damage was done beyond the delay to
traffic.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
sions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Oct. 5.— Post
office discontinued: Washington — Clo
cuallum. Mason County, mall to Elma.
Postmasters appointed— California: Ed
ward Asebez. £an Simeon, San Luis
Obispo County, vice Adolph Frank, re
signed; T. H. Garrity. Wright. Santa
Clara County, vice J. A. Squire, resigned.
Oregon: Theodore Arndt. Emma. Til
lamook County, vice J. D. Chitwood. re«
signed; C. T. Peck. Vida. I, an.- County,
vice H. F. Hartwich, resigned.
Washington: F. S. Warner, O'Brien,
King County, vice C. R. Montgomery, re
signed: G. M. Walker, Pialschie, King
County, vice James O'Grady. resigned.
Pensions issued: California: Original —
John Nolan. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
JC; Jargon Lundt. Eureka, tS. Increase —
Laurens W. Pool?, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angelrs. $10. Reissue and increase — Evan
E. 'Williams. Klamathon. $10.
Oregon: Original — Thomas Welsh, Port
land, $5. Original Widow— Amanda L.
Crosby, Yankton. JS.
Washington: Original— Thomas C. Shar
t!e. Olequa. $6: IJarius Matteson. Seattle,
fC: Levi Armstronc. 1-imi. SS. -.
IDENTITY OF MAN WHO "
EXPIRED ON A TRAIN
Unfortunate Proves to Be Jeremiah
Sullivan, Recently From the
Klondike.
SAN JOSH. Oct. 5.— The identity of the
man who died suddenly on the cars near
Palo Alto on September 2S while en route
to San Francisco was established to-day,
when Uirhael Sullivan of 36 Tehama
Ftreel, San Francisco, called at the
Morgue and identified the body as that
of his brother. Jeremiah Sullivan. Michael
Sullivan learned of the death of the man
on the train through a newspaper clipping
fshown to him by a friend. Failing- to get
any word from his brother, who had been
at Paso Roble.% and knowing him to have
been in a critical condition, he came to
San Jose this morning to investigate.
Jeremiah Sullivan was a well-to-do
miner. He was without family and because
nf ill health had recently returned from the
Klondike, where he owned several claims.
He had gone to Paso Roblcs to recuperate,
ljut prowing worse was returning to San
Francisco to enter a hospital when he
«1ie<i.
EIGHT-HOUR LAW IGNORED.
Los Angeles Contractor's Methods
Protested Against by Workmen.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. o.-The T»s An
geles Board of Public Works listened to a
lively controversy this morning between
A. 1*. Cross and representatives of the
I-abor Council. Cross has the contract for
sprinkling: the city streets and has en
t**ied a bi.l for the new contract shortly
to be awardr-d. The labor representatives
declare that his bid of $1 8» per team per
day makes It impossible for him to pay
his employes the $2 per day required by
the State law in the rase of persons em
ployed on municipal work. It was as
parted that as a matter of fact Cross
Says his mrn only CO 2-3 cents a day and
Sat he works thorn twelve hours instead
of rijrht. as provided by the law.
Cross said in r«»ply th.it his employes
•were old men and boys who but for the
employment he gave them would be pub
lic charges.
Grangers Visit Santa Cruz.
l.
Special Dispatch to The Cal
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 5.— Seventy mem
bers of the State Grange who have been
In convention at Los Gatos arrived to
day at noon over the narrow gauge They
brcuKht their dinner with them and en-
Joyed a basket picnic. The big trees and
the beach were visited. They returned
at 2:20 o'clock this afternoon to Los
Gates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 5.— The City of
Roses is putting on gala attire for the
Fourth Agricultural District Fair to be
held here all of next week. In addition
to the agricultural and horticultural ex
hibits there will be a free street fair,
with plenty of amusements. The city is
being decorated from one end to the
other with the fair colors— red, yellow and
green. At night the principal streets will
be illuminated with thousands of incan
descent lights. The Courthouse is to be
lined with lights from the top of the
dome to the ground.
A large canras pavilion if being erected
on .Fourth street. betwton Exchange
avenue and U. It extends the entire
width of the street and all traffic there
is stopped. This pavilion has a large en
trance arch at either end. Under this
canvas is 15.000 square feet of exhibit
room, where the horticultural and agri
cultural exhibitions will be held. Nearly
all of this space is already taken.
At the west entrance of the pavilion
will be a bear five and a half feet high,
made of prunes grown in Sonoma and
Marin counties. Just back of it will be
an apple, six feet in diameter, on a pedes
tal eighteen inches high. Both apple and
pedestal are to be built of apples. Close
to the. east entrance will stand a little
house 6x8 feet and eight feet high. Corn
on the ear is the material used In the
construction of this house. Not far from
this house will be the tobacco exhibit of
E. Hetzel of Guernevllle. Here he will
show progress of the tobacco from the
field to the cigar. Some of the plants he
will exhibit are ten feet high.
Judge Ira C Jenks will have his col
lection of Northern California birds, 1200
in number and 500 varieties.
At Ridgway Hall, on Exchange avenue.
Is to be held the fine art exhibit.
In the agricultural department a num
ber of herds of thoroughbred cattle will
be shown, as will hogs, sheep and horses.
The stalls are fast being engagad.
"Wednesday is to be Marln and southern
Sonoma day; Thursday — Mendocino and
Northern Sonoma day, and Friday, So
lano, Napa and Sonoma Valley day.
The directors of the fair are T. P. Kee
gan. John P. Overton. W. J. Kardley and
K"rank Muther of Santa Rosa: F. A.
Wickersham and J. B. Burdell of Peta
luma; J. 13. Waddles of Healdsburg, and
J. H. Pryor of Sausallto. John P. Over
ton is president. Allen B. Lemmon sec
retary, and E. J. Mullen assistant secre
tary.
Lavish Preparations for the Fourth
Agricultural District Fair and
Its Attendant Street
Carnival.
SANTA ROSA PUTS
ON GALA ATTIRE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, Oct. 6.— After less than
a week's work In the collieries of Vancou
ver Island the recently imported Scottish
miners have gone on strike. They want
an increase In wages, although the fig
ure now paid is according to the contract
made before they left the old country.
The men arrived here last Thursday and
began work on Monday.
Six months ago Premier James Duns
muir was running for office. To win the
labor vote of the coal mining districts he
agreed to dismiss all his ~«. nese In the
"Wellington and i_nion mines. Sixteen
hundred Chinese ~ere discharged. First
class miners were hired in the heart of
the coal mining district of Scotland and
at considerable expense brought to Van
couver. The first contingeni of 600 arrived
last week* On the fourth day of work
they struck. Nearly all have means and
are fairly Independent. The m«i at Union
wanted to come to Nanalmo to air their
grievances, but Premier uunsmulr owns
the railway lines as well as the coal
mines and decked that they should stay
at home. This did not suit the Scotch
men, and the last heard of them they had
started along the beach road to walk the
sixty-five miles from Union to Nanalmo.
No definite statement of the men's de
mands will be given out by the officials
here.
Imported Laborers Strike After Four
Bays' Service in the Col
lieries of VancouTeer
Island
SCOTTISH MINERS
QUIT THEIR POSTS
Moral Reform Epidemic Seizes Upon
Canadian Officials of the
Metropolis of the
Klondike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. Oct. 5.— All gambling
and dance halls have been closed at Daw
son. The moral reform wave is now mak
ing quite a demure and quiet city out of
the northern capital. Two months ago
instructions were sent by Hon. Clifford
Siftoa. Minister of the Interior, to Com
missioner Ogilvle to close all questionable
resorts, including the gambling houses.
It was decided at tnat time by the Klon
dike officials to leave over until spring
the enforcement of the order, so that peo
ple who had money invested in music
halls and similar property would not suf
fer. Hut a week later a new decision was
arrived at. and all the gambling places
were at once closed. There was a hue
and cry over it. as the order was executed
by the Mounted Police, and now all the
gambling that goes on is strictly out of
sipht of the red-coated officers.
Passengers from the north by thp
steamer Dolphin bring news of two Im
portant strikes of placer gold. One is on
Glacier Creek, a newly opened section of
the Klondike, where pans as high as $12
wrre taken out by J. Millard. who is now
here on his way home to Fresno, Califor
nia. Another strike which has caused
quite a stampede was recently made on
Cl«»ar Creek. 200 miles from the mouth of
Stt-wart River. About 300 miners went
there In August and the last steamer
that brought news down to Dawson had
reports that several claims yielded in all
over 120,000 this season already, pans from
50 cents to $10 being not unusual.
CLOSING DAWSON'S
GAMBLING HOUSES
SANTA CLARA, Oct. 5. — While trying to elude a party of attendants from the Ag
news Asylum for the Insane this afternoon Harry R. Talmage, a patient who had escaped
from the institution, met death in the Southern Pacific yards at this place. Talmage at 2
o'clock made a break for liberty and succeeded in getting beyond the asylum walls. He ran
all the way to Santa Clara, with the attendants in hot pursuit. At the depot he got between
two freightcars to evade his pursuers. The train was being made up, and a sudden jolt of the
cars caused him to loose his hold, and he fell under the wheels. . The unfortunate man's body
was horribly mangled, and death was instantaneous.
Papers on the person of the demented man show that he had a wife and two children
in Xipomo, Cal. Letters from his mother, also at Nipomo, make it appear that he was 26
years of , age. In one pocket was found a picture of two children, a boy and a girl, aged 7 and
4, respective!}'.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Agnews AsDlum Patient Meets a Shocking Death in/ the
Southern Pacific Railwag Yards, at Santa Clara.
FALLS UNDER CAR WHEELS
WHILE EVADING PURSUERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS GATOS. Oct. 5.— Hon. S. M. Short-
ridge and Congressman E. F. Loud to-
night addressed the largest and most en
1 thusiaslic political meeting ever held in
j Los Gatos. Bonfires were built and an
I open-air concert was given by the band
early in the evening. At 8 o'clock the
speakers were escorted to Masonic Hall,
which was soon filled to overflowing.
George II. Hooke acted as president of
the meeting, and first introduced Mr.
Loud, who, in a masterly effort, briefly
reviewed the financial situation of to-day
as compared with that of four years ago
and urged a continuance of the same con
ditions for another four years.
Hon. S. M. Shortridge opened his dis
course with a tribute to the statesman
ship of William McKinley and the dash
ing bravery of Theodore Roosevelt. He
attacked the Democratic arguments
against imperialism, militarism and trusts
and closed with an appeal to the voters
to let their ballot be influenced by a de
cision based upon logical reasoning and
common sense. /
RALLY OF STANFORD STUDENTS
A. J. Dannebaum and D. R McKin-
lay the Speakers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 5.— An enthusiastic
rally was held to-night by the Stanford
University and Palo Alto Republican
Clubs. Nortree Hall was crowded. Pro
fessor Sanford presided and Introduced
A. J. Dannebaum of the University of
California. •
Mr. Dannebaum said that Imperialism
was used by the Democrats to veil the
real issues— the tariff and the silver ques
tion. If Jefferson, who was an ardent ex
pansionist, were alive to-day he would
be a Republican. The facilities of modern
times, he said, had rendered as nothing
the remoteness of the Philippines as com
pared with that of Louisiana one hundred
years ago. The Republican party had
done its duty bv the people and the peo
ple should do tnelr duty by the Republi
can party.
Hon. IX E. McKlnlay of Santa Rosa
made a rousing speech and was frequent
ly interrupted by applause. He said that
the people were never so united as they
were now. Washington, Jefferson, Jack
son. Lincoln and Grant were all called
imperialists and McKinley was called an
imperialist for upholding the same poli
cies. Imperialism, said he, was a catch
word used by the Democrats to draw the
votes of the uninformed. In order to
have prosperity, labor and capital must
work together, which was impossible
under the Democratic platform. Mr. Mc-
Klnlay made his arguments clear by apt
illustrations and stories which kept the
audience in an uproar.
The meeting. was largely attended by
university students. Music was well
rendered by the university band.
IONE'S WELCOME TO WOODS.
Congressional Nominee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eloquent Speech Delivered by the
Ticket Named by the Republicans of
IONE, Oct. 5.— Ione's Pavilion was
crowded to the doors to-night with people
who had come to hear Sam D. Woods,
candidate for Congress in this district,
discuss the issues of the campaign. The
address was forcible and eloquent and the
speaker was applauded, at times so en
thusiastically that he had to pause for
several moments. The meeting was held
under the auspices of the local Republi
can Club, which numbers 150 members,
and the club gave Mr. Woods a rousing
reception before the speaking began. A
band, a series of bonfires and loaded an
vils were part of the outdoor programme.
Mr. Woods was preceded by Fred M.
Stewart. Republican candidate for the
Assembly in this district, who spoke for
about twenty minutes. The chairman of
the meeting was George Woolsfcy, a
prominent local fruit grower and shipper.
WEBBER FOR THE ASSEMBLY.
Napa County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Oct. 5.— The Republicans of Napa
County assembled in convention here yes
terday and nominated candidates as fol
lows: Assemblyman, B. L> Webber; Su
pervisors— F. W. Bush and Joseph Kldd;
Justice of the Peace, T. M. Marois.
The McKinley and Gage administrations
were indorsed, as was alao F. L. Coombs
for Congress and Robert Corlett for Sen
ator. A resolution of respect to the mem
ory of the late Colonel J. P. Jackson was
adopted.
• Robert Corlett resigned as secretary of
the County Central Committee and L. T.
Hayman was elected as his successor.
Next Wednesday night Samuel M. Short
rldge will address the citizens of Napa
on public issues.
SAYS NO VACANCIES EXIST.
Santa Clara's County Clerk Holds Up
Democratic Nominations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oqt. 6.-County Clerk Pflater
has refused to accept for filing the cer
tificate of nominations as presented by
the Democratic County Committee, be
cause of its variance with the decision of
District Attorney Campbell. The Demo
crats nominated Owen D.- Richardson for
City Justice and Martin Murphy for
County Auditor. A short time ago vacan
cies occurred in these positions and they
were lllled by the Supervisors, who made
Louis O'Neal City Justice- and Al Col
Auditor. The District Attorney decided
these men- were to hold office until the
State election two years hence. The Re
publicans made no nominations for the
places, but the Democrats dissented from
the opinion, claiming the terms of the
appointees expired with this election.
Santa Clara Republican Club.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, Oct. 6.— A Republican
club of fifty members organized here last
night. Judge H. G. Bond* was chosen
president, 8. Oberdeener vice president,
David Henderson treasurer and A. C
Gage secretary. The meeting was ad
dressed by Judge Bond and Hon. J. R.
Patton of San Jose, who spoke Interest
ingly on issues of the campaign. Promi
nent speakers will be engaged to address
the people of Santa Clara under the aus
pices of the club.
Weary of Factional Strife.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 5.— The Coconino
County Democrats rose In revolt to-night
ever the split in the party occasioned by
the factions headed by Smith and Wilson
rival candidates for Delegate to Congress,
and the Central Committee refused to al
low Wilson to sneak at Flagstaff. They
declare that Smith will not be permitted
to talk at his ratification meeting there
to-morrow night. Wilson left at once for
Wlnslow and will attempt to hold a meet-
Ing there to-morrow.
Henry's Campaign Itinerary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Oct. 5.— J. H. Henry,
Democratic nominee for Congress : In the
Fifth District, will complete his canvass
in Santa Clara County next week and
spend the week commencing the 15th in
San Mateo County. From here he will
go to ; San Francisco, where he probably
will remain until election day.
Contrast the Situation To-I>ay With
That of Four Years Ago and
Urge Voters to Support
the Administration.
Greatest Political Demon
stration in the Town's
History.
SHORTRIDGE AND LODD SPEAR
FINE SHOWING
OF LOS GATOS
REPUBLICANS
Special Dispatch to The Call!
SAX JOSE, Oct. 5— Mystery was added
to-day to the trial of Constable Begerow
of Alviso for the murder "of Joseph Cech
by the disappearance of B. Benjamin, one
of the jurors. When court opened Ben
jamin was not in his place, and all sounds
of the bailiffs voice failed to bring him
Into court. An adjournment till 11 o'clock
was taken, and later till 2. At the after
noon hour the juror was still missing,
and the cape was continued until Mon
day morning at 10 o'clock. Judge Lorigan
issued a bench warrant for Benjamin, and
instructed the Sheriff to find the recre
ant juror and bring him Into court on
Monaay.
None of Benjamin's friends or rela
tives can account for his erratic conduct,
although it is said by relatives that a
j=hort time ago he mysteriously disap
peared from his home for a couple of
days.
Benjamin has acted as a purchasing
agent, making daily trips to San Fran
cisco. He strenuously objected to serving
as a juror, but the court overruled his
objection. Benjamin was seen to board
the 5:35 train for Ban Francisco las:
Might. His wife has been visiting In the
metropolis for* the past week, but over
the telephone to-day t=he declared her
husband was not with her.
I'nleps IJenjamin returns Monday morn-
Ing, the trial probably will have to be
commenced over apain. The bulk of the
testimony Riven by the witnesses has
eustalned Kegerow's pl^a of self defense,
and the peneral impr^sFion is that he will
be acquitted. Now Benjamin's disappear
ance has arjiied now complications.
Bench Warrant .Issued for One of the
Twelve Men in Whose Hands
Bests the Alviso Consta
ble's Fate.
B. BENJAMIN LEAVES THE CITY
Mystery Enters Into tHe
Begerow Case at
San Jose.
JUROR'S SUDDEN
FLIGHT DELAYS
MURDER TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1»UO.
UKIAH GIRL ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
Swallows a Dose of Poison, but Her
Recovery Is Probable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
UKIAH. Oct. 5,-Miss Abble H. Mor«e
.the 20-year-old daughter of J. b Morse'
a well-known citizen of Ukiah. attempted
suicide yesterday by taking poison Her
parents discovered what she had done
and a physician was hastily called. He
found the young woman in a critical con
dition and ascertained that she had taken
?• lar Bp d ose of strychnine. After work
ing with the patient until 1 o"clock this
I moraine he reported her condition bo
Galveston Subscriptions.
8
The Day's Dead
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell It, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
¦
A spinster can't learn to play the violin
unless she has a beau.
I have riven personal Inspection to the working of M. I. S. T. on the hnmaa system, and
mast say that it entirely meets -with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical CoUef*.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
Address M. !. S. T. Co., Toledo. 0.
RHEUMATISM, no matter bow long- standing. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or lialarjretl Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients hare brea for Tears forced to n»«
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE- ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of I m potency that catt be enred, and permanently restore yonthfnl rlfor and
Tll allt ?A, It U no snmnlant. Its effects are permanent and lasting-. Will en re any case of
STRICTURE withont local treatment. Will core anj case of Varicocele. Will remore ea-
tirelv from the system Cancer and Cancerons Germs.
_n addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has en red many cases of Paralysis, Ixxwatotor
Ataxla, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseasea of the aerres.
M. I. S. T. has been on the marjeetfor over 20 years, and has cured thousands of snff-
•--r». It is prescribed by leading physicians allorrr the country. It is pleasant to take and
§8S absolB'st; «afe. It nerer increases or diminishes the action of the
BL| gL. Jeart. II yon are suffering from any chronic disease yon are urged to
HT h" wnte lo n9< no maUtr how many doctor* or kinds of medicines you
SBraaai have tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU
"T^ That yon may judpe of the Talnc of the Great Specific for yonrself,
we^ lU 8end JO" one larce case by mail FREE, only asV.ne- that
wn«u cured yonrself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to onr medical
department, glrinj symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for to. meaicai
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
MO. 2. JWL 1. *&m I «... MO. g-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. *J. Topher. D!gres. Lo» Ar.tr* lea
writes: "Dear Doctor DeFord — My son
Topher was mSrtally affected with the
most horrible general eczema. The Itch-
ing all but drove him insane. The best
specialists failed. Tour Blood and Skin
Cur« and Skin Ointment cured him— saved
him. He !s absolutely well."
DR. DeFORD
His remedies are *¦< *.rled and proven »pe-
ciflcs, »plalnly labeled, easy to take. No
failure, no delay, no experiment, no pois-
onous drugs. All druggists sell them. A
separate cure for each disease. Mostly 23
cents a vial. See or write Dr. Paul De-
Ford for free advice. 175 17. Spring
St. Rooms 2 and 3.
Remedies mailed to any addreta, post-
paid, on receipt of prtce.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the <"ui*s o? Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
Strictures nnd analogous comnlaiats
off the Orions of Ueneration.
Prtce II a bottle. For sale by druirslsta.
MiW WfciiTEtt.t KOTEU
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD <ft
CO. European plan. Kooms, 50c to II 50 day;
Ji to |S week: Is to »20 month. Free batha ; hot
anj cold water every room; fire crate* la every
room; elevator run* all ni£bt
Jl! **3P jZM(Board Cannot Delegate Its Powers.
The' ordinance presented by Supervisor
Curtis providing for the shifting of re
sponsibility from the Board of Supervis
ors to the Board of Public Works in re
gard to street encroachments and permits
for building alterations and -maintenance
of engines was reported upon adversely
vesterday by the Supervisors'. Judiciary
Not Wanted in New York.
Frank M. Travis, who surrendered him
self to the police Thursday night, alleging:
that he had robbed his father in New York
of $1000, was released fromgeustody yes
terday morning. Captain Seymour, who
telegraphed to New York, received the
following reply from Captain MeClusliy:
"Release Travis; •will not send for him."
Travis says it is a; load off his mind and
now he will be able to go to work.
Bank Officials Promoted.
Joseph Frledlander has been- appointed
cashier of the Anglo-Californian bank 'and
*\ E. Beck has been made assistant casn
ier. Mr. Frledlander has. heretofore acted
as assistant manager and Mr. Beck had
been accountant
Mayor's Veto Is Final.
City Attorney Lane informed the Mayor
yesterday that the latter's disapproval of
demands upon the urgent necessity fund
1% final. No money can be paid out of the
sime unless 'the Mayor joins with five
sixths of the members of the Board of
Supervisors in ordering such payment.
The Mayor alone cannot draw upon such
appropriation nor can the board, even by
a unanimous vote, do so without his con
sent. . ; >p
Say Signatures Are Not Genuine'.
A number of protestanta" appeared be
fore the Board of Public Works yesterday
in the -matter qf the San Francisco Con
struction Company to pave the roadway
on Belcher street between Thirteenth ana
Fourteenth. They alleged that the names
attached to the petition were not genuine
and some whose names were used were
opposed to the prosecution of the work.
A postponement was ordered until a fur
ther investigation. A delegation from
several improvement clubs also protested
against the application of John McQueen
for permission to run a carpet-cleanins
establishment on Albion avenue, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth streets." The
matter will be referred to the Board of
Supervisors. .._ ¦
MYSTERIOUS ABSENCE
OF A HANFORD MAN
The Police Asked , to Locate the
Whereabouts ot Joseph Alfred
Hewitt.
Deputy Sheriff Avers of Hanford,
Kings County, reported at police head
quarters yesterday the mysterious disap
pearance of his friend, Joseph .Alfred
Hewitt, and asked assistance in clearing
up the mystery.
Hewitt is an Englishman, but a resi
dent of Hanford fcr more than twenty
years. He is a heavy drinker and it made
him despondent. Two or three times he
attempted to commit suicide, and Ayers
was afraid that he might 'h»ve come to
this city to execute the threat.
Hewitt left Hanford in March for San
Francisco to consult a doctor about his
back, which had been hurt. Since then
nothing has been heard of him. He is a
single man, 42 years of age, five feet six
and a half Inches tall, brown mustache
and hair, fair complexion. He used to re
ceive remittances from h's people in Eng
land, and had made two . or three trips
there and back.
Work of Chinatown Squad.
The report of Sergeant McManus, in
charge ot the Chinatown squad, for the
month of September, was submitted to
Chief Sullivan i yesterday. The arrests
were- Chinese lottery keepers, 3; aiding
and abetting, 74; visiting, 4; having lot
terv tickets-- in" possession, 58; fan tan
V-oeners 2; visiting. 6S; felonies, 2; mis
demeanors. 24; total, 235. There were ZZ
whites and Yfi Chinese and the cases were
disposed of as follows: Convicted and
raid line 190; convicted and imprisoned,
2; dismissed, 39; pending. 4. The fines, col
lected amounted to $1720.
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COURT.
Con Walsh, Street Orator, Regrets He
Will Not Vote for Bryan.
Mrs. Marcclla Wethcrell. 000 Folsom
street, was arrested yesterday on a war
rant charging her with crue'lty to chil
dren. She has been drinking and neglect
ing her children, a baby eight months
old and a boy ten years old. Her hus
band is at sea. He is a Freemason and
nu family has been assisted by that or
ganization, but the wife's drunken habit'p
put an end to further assistance. The
children will be cared for by the Califor-
r ia^f l , ely for the Prevention of Cruelty
Alice Gardiner and Jessie Steinman
were convicted by Judge Morgan yester
£i>-for battery upon Irene Wilbert in the
Peerless restaurant early Tuesday morn
ing They will be sentenced to-day.
Giovanni Kachoe was charged with
vagrancy in Judge Mogan's court yostcr
?*?*, C n ,? d b *** n haunting the corridors
?l \ Z HaI1 of JusT -'ce. His defense was
£ %•?"£? -t^^ns Attorney Spinetti.
who heid his life in his hands, and he
ws J n fi. hI i n . to gIve u bac *- He also
said that Spinetti owed him J156S. As th.>
man was evidently insane the Judge or
dered that he be taken before the lnsan-
U £» Coi " mls sioners for examination.
Ro.se Troyer was arrested yestcrda'y on
a. warrant sworn to before Judge CaDan-
Iss by August Hinz, ZTA San Bruno ave
nue. She had been employed as a servant
b: V < - H , ln , z S nd Thursday night he and his
wife left her in charge of the baby while
they made a call. When they returned
Rose had disappeared: also $26 50 belong
ing to Hinz. She is charged with petty
larceny.
Con Walsh, the street orator, was ar
rested Thursday night at Pine and Kear
ny streets by Policeman Heinz for dis
turbing the peace. He was convicted by
Judge Conlan yesterday and sentenced
WANT ¦ A NEW SCHOOL
IN POTRERO DISTRICT
Improvement Club Committee Pro
tests Against Transfer of Pupils
From Columbia School
A committee from the Nuevo Potrero
Improvement Club visited the office of tho
Superintendent of Schools yesterday to
enter a protest against the School Board's
order transferring pupils from the Colum
bia School- to the Jrving Scott School.
The committee consisted of A. D. Pratt.
C. F. Kimball and John Kerr. Super
visor Dwyer accompanied them and a
petition was filed requesting the building
of a new schoolhouse.on property owned
by the city on Kansas street, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. ¦*
Deputy -Superintendent of Schools How-,
nrd received the committee in the absence
of Superintendent Webster, who is on a
vacation. Howard assured, the. committee
that he would call the attention of his
superior to the petition and the latter
would certainly present it to the Board of
Education. • -•"¦'.-: V2S|alS§|
Butchertown in Good Condition.
Supervisor Braunbart and Drs. Baum,
Buckley and O'Brien of the Health Board
visited Butchertown yesterday morning to
investigate the merits of a proposed ordi
nance regulating the operation of slaugh
terhouses. After a thorough investigation
Braunhart decided to report adversely on
the passage of the ordinance, which he
Bay* is not practical. The ordinance pro
vides for concrete or asphalt instead of
wooden floors, and Braunhart says this
would result in damage to the tools used
to slaughter cattle. The connection of
the houses' with sewers, he claims, is not
necessary as they are located on piles In
the bay. Braunhart says the conditions
are remarkably good in the aKsence of
any ordinance governing the subject. He
advocates the adoption of some general
sanitary regulations but will oppose any
drastic" measure. He says the only nuis
ance in that locality is the fertilizing
•works, where dead animals are collected.
ATTORNEY FAILS TO
MAKE HIS CHARGES GOOD
Grand Jury Investigates Alleged
Scandal in Health Department,
but Is Not Enlightened.
The Grand Jury made an effort yester-
day to probe the charges made by Attor
ney Joseph Rothschild against the
administration of the present food
inspection bureau. Rothschild had
made persistent accusations against
food inspectors, claiming they had
been derelict in their duty be
cause they had been paid not to condemn
impure milk, also that there had been no
milk condemned for some time past.
RothschiM also made vague charges that
bribes had been accepted by inspectors
during the Chinatown quarantine.
The Board of Health reauested the
Grand Jury to investigate the matter, but
the latter body failed to be enlightened
when Rothschild was a witness before it
yesterday. To all <juest!on3 he replied
that he "did not know and he failed to
make his charges good. He was before
the Grand Jury for five minutes only and
proved so unsatisfactory a witness that
he was allowed to take his departure.
SIX HUNDRED SICK ARE
EN ROUTE FROM MANILA
Presidio Hospitals Will Be Greatly
Taxed by This Addition — Guard
Sent for Prisoner Adams.
T'nni Ihn arrival of TVio tnnennrte CI-. -
rr.rn and Blea.de at thla r«-»rt the central
End post hospitals at the Presidio will be
taxra to th«-ir utmost capacity; for both
vessels carry iarge numbers of pj^k and
¦rounded Bt>l61*T*. The Sherman loft Ma
rila September 23 with 411 invalids. On
Of-t.il.rr 2 the Meade left tli<» Philippines.
«nd on board of hr-r were 273 ?!c-k Roidleira.
Both vessels will stop at Nagasaki en
route. ;uid will probably Increase thr-F«»
number*. In addition to the sick and
v.-"i:nded thf r? rrc on thp Shr rnian twelve
"nfar.e soldier?: and Kveaty-otn general
j Eonera. <">n the Meade there are five jn-
Eane. Th^re have been n-^ntly erected in
the '¦par of the tr^n^ral hospital Sve large
hospital trnt«=. whirh with little crowding
v.-.'H furnish accommodations for I'OO pa-
UentK.
Gei neaiol X- 3- Dlrkson and Private C
I». fiaulejr of th<» prison cuard at Alca
traz left for Sacramento ysterday to
bring bark to his island prison Jesse
Adams, the prisoner who escaped from
Alcstraz in a box puppoped to contain
fr<icht. Th«» <Iaiir:g fellow who touk such
desperate chances for liberty's sak» will
: • •¦¦urt-martiaied for Mil attempted es
<ajw>. and will in all probability r^cpive a
Ions ¦entenc* in addition to the ton years
be was serving at the t!me of his daring
break. Captain Charles Hobhs. ifimmand
ant >f the island, is making a strict in
vr-stiparion for the purpose of determining
Tjp<»n whose shoulders the blame for th°
« fCiipc shall rest, and to find out. if pos-
Mhl«\ who were Adams* accomplices.
Lewis Vomaka. private Company B,
Thirty-ninth Infantry, and Daniel Ufar
rinjfton. private Company M. Korty-sixth
Infantry, died yesterday at the general
hospital.
Jeremiah Lynch, Bohemian. Egyptolo-
Eist, author, bon vivant and miner, re
turned last night from a three years' so
journ in far away Alaska. Mr. Lynch
has prospered during his stay In the
frozen north and will now seek relaxation
in travel and sightseeing.
He has written another book during 1 his
absence and. will enter into -negotiations
-with his publishers regarding it at once.
He will then hasten away to the Paris
Exposition and to "Egypt, remainins in
the latter country some time.
The owls of the Bohemian Club blinked:
a solemn welcome to him last night when
he entered once again the edifice over
which they keep vigil.
Will Seek Relaxation at the Paris
Exposition and Will Again
Visit E^ypt- .
JEREMIAH LYNCH HOME
( FROM THE KLONDIKE
NEWSPAPER BULLETIN
BOARDS UNDER THE BAN
Supervisor Connor Prepares Resolu
tion Rescinding All Special Per
mits for Their Maintenance.
Supervisor Connor has had a resolu-
tion drafted which he will present at the
next meeting of the board, rescinding all
special privileges issued to the news
papers. Connor at the last meeting of
the Street Committee took exception to
the attempt to refuse a permit for a sign
in front of a lodging house, and alleged
that a morning paper had not taken in
its signs, though it had promised to do
po when the ordinance against freak ad
vertising was beiiipr discussed in com
mittee. The proposed resolution is as fol
lows:
JU-pnlvM That all permits issuM to the n»ws
pfpers of this city and county, or special prlvi
leeVs allowed to or exercised by th*m. 'n the
erection and maintenance of bulletin board*.
b« and the F*me an 1 hereby revoked; also that
nil orders or resolutions heretofore rassed by
tl is board under the provisions of which such
nfrmits wore issued or Fald privil^srs exer
cIfp.3, be and Fald orders and resolutions are
hereby r«-|>eal»>d.
tlon of Justices of the Peace will be held
next fall." They are 'to be-elected at the
same time and the same as State officers
and not as officers of the city and county.
This is in exact accord with the provis
ions of the charter, says the Registrar.
Citizens who have registered and who
have changed their residence since Janu
arv 1, 1900. have only until Thursday.
October 11, to re-register. As many
voters have moved they are urged to
appear at the City Hall at once. A chal
lenge list will be prepared consisting of
those who have not resided in their pre
cincts for thirty days besides a list of
doubtful voters.
JUSTICES OP THE PEACE
,\ GO ON GENERAL TICKET
Registrar So Decides, Though Gov
ernor Did Not Include Them in
His Election Proclamation.
Notwithstanding the fact that Governor
Gape omitted to call for the election for
five Justices of the Peace in his election
proclamation. Registrar Walsh says that
all the candidates for the office will be
placed on the general ticket to be voted for
on November 6, 1900. This course is In
accordance with the opinion handed down
by the City Attorney last April in which
he advised the Registrar to make all
preparations for the election of Justices
of the Peace, which the charter provides
shall be elected at the same time as mem
bers of the Legislature. The Registrar
says the proclamation of the Governor
does not cut much figure. Heretofore the
Judges of the Superior Court were includ
ed in the call for the election, but this
is the first time that the candidates will
go on the State ticket, the idea being to
avoid the use of two ballots, which will
save expense and facilitate the handling
of returns.
In an opinion of the Attorney General
on the subject he holds that the Justices
of the Peace are not municipal, hut State
judicial officers. He further states that "it
is assumed under the law that the elec-
to sixty days in jail. As he left tho
courtroom he remarked: "Well, that's
one vote lost for Mr. Bryan."
Buggy robrt thieves gnt a -lesson from
Judge Conlan yesterday. Frank Johnston
stole a robe from a. buggy at Post and
Kearny streets belonging to Thomas J.
O'Neill. The Judge convicted him and
gave him six months in Jail.
P. V. Pistol^si. dealer in coffee and teas,
2SS2 Twenty-fifth street, secured a war
rant from Judges Cabaniss yesterday for
the arrest of Otto Bruns. his driver, on a
charge of burglary. While Pistolesi was
at Sausalito, Thursds*, Eruns, it Is al
leged, broke iuto the store by the rear
door and stole a quantity of the stock.
lie first tried to open the front floor, but
broke the key in the lock. He -was seen
by a lady who lives in the adjoining
house.
The trial of "Wayne Harris, the messen
ccr. boy. charged with the murder of An
drew A. Layden, another messenger boy,
on the night of March 24, was concluded
in Judge Carroll Cook's court in the Hall
of Justice yesterday afternoon. The jury
after being out for about an hour, return
ed a verdict of nbt guilty. As soon as the
verdict was rendered the boy's mother
and a number of friends crowded around
him and "warmly congratulated him.
When the case was resumed yesterday
morning Detective Dillon was recalled.
He testified' that he saw Layden before
his death and Layden said that he did
not want Harris to be prosecuted as ho
was to blame. The defendant took the
stand and testified to the previous quar
rels with Layden and the circumstances
that led up to the stabbing.
After the addresses of Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Deuprey for the prosecu
tion and ex-Judge Ferral for the defend
ant. Judge Cook delivered his charge to
the jury.
The case3 of Angelina 'M. Abbott,
charged with assault to murder for shoot
ing Actor De Witt Clinton, and Albert
Frederick, George Verenesoneckockock
hoff, charged with the murder of Mrs.
Mary A. Clute at 603 Guerrero street, De
cember 15. lSr*7. were called and continued
by Judge Cook until to-day to be set.
Hoff. as he has been called for short, was
granted a new trial by the Supreme Court
after being sentenced to be hanged on
June 10, ISPS. In connection with this
case Captain Seymour received a letter
from It. A. Legg, who is now in Chicago,
stating that he and his wife would ap
pear as witnesses at the trial if their
transportation was paid. The captain at
onpe communicated with the Pinkertons
in Chicago to arrange for **¦ their, trans
portation. Mrs. L-egg is one of the most
important witnesses against Hoff. She
lived in the ftat below Mrs. Clute and
opened the door for Hoff on the morning
of the murder. She heard a scream from
Mrs, ( Clute's fiat and a heavy fall on the
floor and then saw Hoff leave by the rear
stairway.
Mrs. Nettle R. Craven and Adolph Silva
and" George V>'.- Simnton will also appear
this morning to plead to the perjury
charges against them. '':'.•
Cases of Angelina M. Abbott
and Murderer Hoff to
Be Set To-Day.
Jury Agrees on Ver
dict After Deliberat
ing an Hour.
PLOT TO MURDER "BIG" CHUNG;
WAYNE HARRIS IS ACQUITTED
The Notorious Chinese
Gambler Said to Be
a Marked Man.
Sergeant McManus Has a
Lively Chase After Sup
posed Assassin.
Chinatown i= excited over an alleged
plot to assassinate Chin Chunp, otherwise
known as '•Big" Chung, the most
notorious Chinese gambler on the Pacific
Coast. An attempt to consummate
the plot is supposed to have been made
late Thursday r.lpht. but was frustrated
by tie sudden appearance on the scene of
ppre^snt Barr.t-y McManus. The police
pergeant chased the would-be murderer
for several bloc"ks. but finally lost him in
the Chinese Th'-ater.
Fcr fome tim*.' past it has twen rumored
in Chinatown that an attempt would be
made \o kill "Big" Chunir, who is the rec
onniz"'l pucctssor of Uttle Pete. He has
many enemies, and these people are said
to have conspired against him. Every
precaution has been takc-n by Big Chung's
friends and associates to protect him from
assassins. Chung himself lias been cau
tious, but pretended to scoff at the warn
ings siren him.
Thursday right Sergeant McManus ob-
Krved a Chinese approach Chung from
behind as he was passing through an
alley. The sergeant waited for a few mo
moiiti-- and i:i-ally became convinced that
the man had a gun and was ibout to com
mit murder. Ho made a rush at him, but
til- supposed thug was too quick and
painec the street. McManus followed :ind
the p-iir dasned down Ltupont and Jatk
s<»n ?m-«:-ts.
The pursued Chinese dodged into the
Jackscn-Btreet theater and mingled with
the crowd. The sergeant spent some time
in an attempt to locate him, but was un-
EUCoessfuL
The Chinos claim that Chung's enemies
pro determined to kill him. and the police
are taking every precaution to protect
him. Chunsr always feared prominence in
affairs in whicn his own people were con
cerned because he knev.- that he would
some tinr* suffer the fate of Littl*-. Pete.
He atumpud to keep aloof from high
binr.^r organization* and never tried to
influence the masses.
Committee. Supervisor Reed said the
Board of Supervisors had no right to
delegate the powers conferred upon it by
the charter. Commissioner Mendell stated
thnt the Board of Works would require
additional inspectors to carry out the
provisions of the ordinance, which led
Mayor Phelan to remark that the board
had been accused of having a surplus of
employes already, to which Mendell smil
ingly assented.
Enedil-Cabte to T^ CtJ1 an(5 N * w ' Tork Her "
e:i. Cow light. 15*0. by the Herald Pub-
PARIS, Oct. 5— The American colony in
Par 1 * Is much interested in the engage-
ment that has Just been announced of
Miss "Mabel K. Hopkins of San Francisco
and Dr. Eilmond I,. Gros, who has been o
resident of Paris for several years.
fclSS MABEL K. HOPKINS OF SAN FRANCISCO, WHOSE ENGAGE
MENT TO DR. EDMOND L. GROS, THE WELL-KNOWN PHYSI
CIAN. HAS JUST BEEN ANNOUNCED IN PARIS.
November 21, ISSO, Melone and William T.
Wallace, as set forth in the complaint,
made an agreement that William T. Wal
lace was to receive for his assistance one
half of the sums recovered in the proceed
ings. Melone has set up that he received
J3fS.15O 25 from P'acervllle, but that his
share of that sum had been more than
counterbalanced by his expenditures to
get the bonds paid. Upon the advice of
William T. Wallace, so Melone averred,
he paid out from 1S?O to January 1. ISSt.
the sum of $11,600, which, with interest I
up to this year, would have amounted to
$1 2.230.
The items in the bill of particulars filed
yesterday amount to S11.S&4. The sensa
tional part of the averment Is that AV. T.
Wallace used his influence !n December
and January, 15S1, to procure from the
Legislature the passage of a bill to facili
tate the collection of Melone's claim.
Judge Wallace was ill last evening and
could not be seen. Ryland Wallace, his
son, who la a party to the suit, said he
had never heard of any such alleged facts
as were mentioned in Mr. Melone's bill of
particulars.
"It is all strange to me," said Mr. Wal
lace. "The dates mentioned are 1SS0-S1.
No bill was passed at that time by the
Legislature to enable Placervllle to in
corporate. Had there been the claim
would have been collected long ago,
without doubt. The Piacerville bill was
passed only last year. I don't understand
u at all."
EX-JUDGE W. T. WALLACE,
ACCUSED BY DRURT ME
LONE OF INFLUENCING
LEGISLATORS.
DRTJRY HELONE, through his at
torneys, filed a bill of particulars
yesterday In the Superior Court
concerning one item in his cross
complaint In the suit brought
against him by ex-Judge William T. "Wal
lace and his son Ryland.T. .Wallace. The
bill of particulars sets forth that consid
erable sums were expended in influencing
the California Legislature to secure the
passaage of a bill to facilitate the collec
tion of Melone's claim against Piacer
ville for payment of bonds issued by that
municipality and assigned by Jackson R.
Myers and George W. Harwood to Melone
under an agreement for collection. The
following are the items in the bill of par
ticulars:
December, ISSO — Board, lodging and transpor
tation or William T. Wallace to Placervllle,
lid.
December and January. 1SS1 — W\ T. Hig^ing,
for his influence and services in procuring tha
possage of a bill by the Legislature of Califor
nia to facilitate the collection of defendant's
claim, ?5CCa
December and January. 1SS1— W. B. Carr, for
his influence and services in procuring the
passege of a bill by the Legislature of Cali
fornia to facilitate the collection of defendant's
Claim, $4000. • -
December and January, 1SS1— Colonel Glllis.
for his influence and services in procuring the
rasa^te of a bill by the Legislature of Cali
fcrr.iE to facilitate the collection of defendant's
December and January. 1SS1 — Expenses of
"William T. Wallace, Myers, Duffy, Couroy,
Krady, et al. to Sacramento, using their in
fluerce to procure passage of a bill by the
L*K!slature of California to facilitate the col
lection of defendant's claim. .
February 1, 18sS— Myers' memorial, J4*.
Notaries' fees, George T. Knox and Holland
Eir.Ith, $10. '
Expenses of Mr. I.amont, former clerk of *W.
T. Wallace, to Piacerville. $eo.
Last vear Jlelone collected on the claim
of Myers and Harwood, before men
tioned, from Placervillo for the redemp
tion of Placerville's bonds. The suit of
the Wallaces against Melone is to get
what they think is their share of that
money from Melone. and they have
osked for JS1S3 33 for legal services.
Melone's counter-claim is for $63,2*5 40,
and in it are included items based upon
the alleged persuasion of Daniel Meyer to
employ William T. Wallace as attorney;
for" services in securing the employment
of \V. T. Wallace as attorney by P. A.
Finegan: for services in bringing about a
termination of the litigation between W.
T. Wallace and Miller & Lux over land
near Gilroy: for examining marsh lands
near San Mateo; for securing a compro
mise of John F. McCauley'a claim against
W. T. Wallace: for securing r purchaser
for W. T. Wallace's 1130 shares of Pacilic
Bank stock for $160,500; for negotiating a
loan of $100,000 for W. T. Wallace to the
Spring Valley Water Company; for pur
chasing property on Valencia street, be
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth, for
Wallace: for purchasing "Wallace's prop
erty" on Van Ness avenue for $55,000, etc.
According to the complaint filed by the
Wallaces, Melone made contracts with
Mvers and Harwood to get a settlement
with Piacerville of the bonds of the mu
nicipality held by them. From Myers he
¦was to receive one-half the money re
covered and from Harwood one-third.
BREWER'S WIFE
OF NEVADA CITY
WANTS DIVORCE
Charges Piled in Complaint
by Mrs. Gehrig Denied
by Her Husband.
Dr. Bertha Dale Sued by Her Hus
band—He Also Wants Alimony
and Certain Deeds Set
Aside.
Mrs. Georpe C. Gehrie. "«rt*e of a w « alt *|r
brewer of Nevada <'ity. wacts to te ai
vorced fr<TO her husbar.-i and has filed her
suit in the Superior Court of this city.
Her complaint charpos her husband with
cruelty, and it is expected that the suit
will prove sensational. Gehrig denies the
charces made by his wife, denouncing her
as an adventuress and claiming that she
married him merelv for his meney.
Mrs. Gehrig alleses in her complaint
that ehe married the brewer on October
!<\ IBS, and that it was hut a short while
after the event that he commenced abus
ir.R her. She alleges that on one occasion,
while his son held her. he lashed her most
brutally. With a great deal of dllBcalty
e3m managed to make her escape and se
cured a position in a family as a domes
tic. Subsequently ehe sought to return to
Gchrig's home, but he refused to receive
her.
GehrUr is a small man and claims that
his wife, being a large woman, would bo
abJe to handle him la a personal encoun
ter. He claims that fhe had been a do
mestic in his family for teveral weeks
l>ofore he married her. She married him.
h* says, for his money, and several i
weeks after the ceremony she demanded ;
«>f him 14000 in consideration of her r*- \
nouncir.g all claims upon him as his wJe. i
At the time she made the demand. Cten- i
rig claims, !=he «=i>at in his face and then i
rm to i ho window, broke the glass ana ;
Fhouted murder at the top of her voice, j
Th«j scandal that resulted trom this affair. I
f.l!f-pi\< the brewer, di^rracod him In Ne- ¦
vada CtVf and so proved upon his mind ,
that hiss health v.as almost ruined.
After his v ife left him he say? he
learned that Bha had come to Tracy from ;
Chicago soir.e month.** previously to marry '
a ir.a:i named Johrjpon. but on learning !
that he had no money refused to marry
him. II<* al.<o learned that she had artvpr-
Used In the Ban Francisco papers tor a
husband, but la the meantime they had i
met ar.d were married.
ivhrlf r!aimi= his -wife is of a quarre 1 .- j
som»> disposition and that while workinjr >
rt!= a domep'.lc in a prominent family of
Nevada City s he severely beat her mis- '
trrps. narrowly escaping arrest for bat- 1
U r>- At the "time she Fought to extort j
the J4;vm from him *=he threatened to do ;
him bodily harm, and was only prevented j
by the arrival cf his son.
A year apo Mrs. Gchrip filed suit against
her husband at Nevada City for malm?- i
r.ancc, sr:d he was ordered to pay her $33 •,
a month. After a lime he failed to pay :
this F:\rn aid a suit for absolute divorce !
¦S3? instituted in this city. Judge Smith i
of Nevada City. In his decision handed
down in the suit for maintenance, found '
that ail of her filleications were based on ;
facts and this finding is Incorporated in :
the complaint.
While Gehrijr claims that he is compara- !
lively nnnr his wife asserts that he is
worth *30,<Vi0, and she demands $70^0 ali
mony, t
Martin Dale, husband of Pr; Bertha
Dale, has filed suit for divorce on the
pro-jnd of cruelty. He also wants deeds
fXffurfii by him in 1W. ennveyinsr prop
erty valued at Jlfi.Wi to his wife, set
f.sMe. I>ale would aJso like a share r.f his
wife's income in th*> shape of alimony.
J»a!f> Js a hclpVsj paralytic and claim*
that r>n several occasions his wife has
brutally bonten him. He alleg-es that in
January last his ¦wife drove him from the
house and ha? since refused him admis
sion, forcing him to live on the charity
of friends.
The Dales were married In 1S65.
Suits for divorce were also filed yester
day by Marparet Simpson aealnst Ezra
\V. Simpson for desf-rtion. and !>*>na Fas
rhall apainst William Paschall for failure
to provide.
Kvilina Lopez has sued her husband,
jn.^ph I>-ipcz, for alimony in the sum of
?"•" a month. »rs. Lopez says her hus
band deserted h<T July L. 1^9. and took
up an illicit residence with a Mrs. Balet
to. He nlso took away her children. Fho
a!l<-pcs. and refuses to permit her to see
them. In addition to an alimony decree
Mrs. T.>opez asKs the court to award htr
the custody of h^r children.
Drary Meloee Files- BiM \ Alleging
Ex-Judge Tried to IinfliLaeiiiice
!L€|psIiitiioirL
ASSAILS WALLACE
IN A COMPLAINT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6,-1900.
AMERICAN COLONY IN
PARIS IS INTERESTED
Miss Mabel K. Hopkins of T!h3s City
v y S. VJl ILJ'jl a lL^s il_rf9 v \^ilil AJ/^
\J1 IP H £lliWw»
9
ADVERTISEMENTS. y
rLADlES-'ONIA"
I M3FCTS MIST GBST1HATE CASES HSECUIA81TIES
I it^TntWl-r reliable. b»rmle«<, painl*»*; plain ¦wr«J>-
I SSeDTCO.: SO Pbel*a Bids- San mnrtKW.CH.
She further says: "At this time I was
iHuced to take up the famous food
tinnk, Postum Food Coffee, and was so
much pleased with the results that I
have never been without it since. I
commenced to impro\*e at once, re
praiued my t.venty-five pounds of flesh
End went some beyond my usual
•<\ eight.
"I know Po?tum to be jrood. pure
snd healthy, and there never was an ar-
ticle, and never will be. I believe, that
»loes so furely take the place of coffee as
Pottum Food Coffee. The beauty of it
all is that it is satisfying and wonder-
fully nourishing. I feel as if I could not
ting its praises too loud."
Tea drinking frequently affects people
as badly as cotTee. A lady in Salisbury.
Md., Mrs. Belle II. Jones, says that she
\va« con:pei!cd to abandon the use of
Coffee a good many years apfo. because
it threatened to ruin her health, and that
fhe went over Jo tea drinking, but that
linaUy, about three years ago. she had
dyfpepsia so badly ihat she had lost
twenty- five pounds and no food seemed
to ,-ijrree with her.
WENT TO TEA
And It Wound Her Bobbin.
POSTUM CEREAL.
Musi G. H. Chappelu
Bician. She cannot bring herself to
tell everything, and the physician is
at a constant disadvantage. This is
why, for the , past twenty-five years,
thousands of women have been con-
fiding their troubles to Mrs. Pinkham,
andwhose advice has brought happi-
ness and health to countless women in
the United States.
Mrs. Chappell, of Grant Park, I1L,
whose portrait we publish, advises all
suffering women to seek Mrs. Pink-
ham's advice and use Lydia E. Pink-
ham's* Vegetable Compound, as they
cured her of inflammation of the ovaries
and wocib ; she, therefore, speaks from
knowledge, and her experience ought
to give others confidence. Mrs. Pink-
ham's address is Lynn. Mass., and her
advice is absolutely free.
How gladly would men fly to "wo-
man's aid did they but understand a
woman's feelings, trials, sensibilities,
and peculiar organic disturbances.
Those things are known only to
women, and the aid a man would give
is not at his command.
To treat a case properly it is neces-
sary to know all about it, and full
information, many times, cannot be
given by a woman to her family phy-
Is Able to Helr> Sick Women
When Doctors Fail.
WHY MRS. PIHXHAM
Will give you restful nights, a good
appetite, and stop that racking head-
ache and hackache.
HEALTH RESTORED.
Mrs. M. A. Cummings, 14o No. 50th Street, Phil-
adelphia, Pa., writes: " I have occasion to do a great
deal of work, and before 1 used Paine's Celery Com-
pound was troubled with frequent headaches, pains
in ths back, was unable to sleep at* night, and had
no appetite. I was .completely run down and un-
able to attend properly to my business. A friend
recommended Paine's Celery Compound to me, and
after using two bottles I feel like another woman.' 1
PAINE'S CEUBBY OOMPOJTND.
_ / _
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/*¦¦¦
*W*^\ir Variety
.<^|y^\ the Latest
/^*£%i$§k Novelties in
flllf Gameits
Including Muffs. Neck Boas,
Scarfs, Fur Hat3. Etc.. at
10 PER CENT REDUCTION.
Repairing:, Dyeinjr and Dressing at
Short Notice.
A&KP.C0URJ21 Post St
( Don V Mistake- the Number.) " ?
RoomsT to ii. over O'Connor. ¦
Moffatt"& Co.'s. Phone Black 37X\
"I ......... «*. '. "~ """""" — — ~"~ — —
rt?"c**2£"v * *—vl -f--* 1 — * fc, ¦ wSEfl
1 !"3i tPZ.^ * * «? y '.tT.**** **« il*.^^f*>***L
> k~ *^. "**i*iiu^Tl-51 Tii "pi * ¦ A t *l I
' t ** ""ty &iM,.<l i»t.MT^^ a^£ \-*?-^^ '*' iifjF-lV.i' ¦
.NEW YORK, Oct. 5.-R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow win » ay:
The anthracite coal settlement has been de
layed another week and the effect on business
in the East is more apparent, though distribu
tion In the West and South seems no less
active. Seasonable weather in the East would
uulckly aid matters. Prices are slightly lower
in Iron. wool, coal and sugar, but the produce
and textile markets are firm and In all depart
ments of business an effort by distributors to
Increase transactions would quickly advance
Si" 1 *-."" . There ls UttIe ordering ahead In any
kind of merchandise, but steel rail makers
look fcr contracts for about 2,000.000 tons
after election. Rain ls needed in the South
and on the North Atlantic coast, but In the
Southwest, rains have checked cotton picking. .
The most Inter-eating - financial development
was the further drop of lc, in the pound in
sterling exchange, completing a decline of 2c
in two weeks, without any important change
in our money market. At the same time Lon
don rates for discounts have strengthened ma
terially, though the Bank of England made no
Chicago Livestock Market.
. CHICAGO. Oct. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2000;
generally steady: natives, good to prime steers.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb.
Opening 6 3!. 6 4Ti
Closing 6 3% 6 4V4
PARIS.
Wheat— • Oct. Jan. -April.
Opening ". 2020 2160
Closing • ...20 20 2155
Flour—
Opening 25 75 27 50
Closing 25 65 27 55
On tho Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull. Creamery, 16(g20Hc: Dairy,
13«j'18c. Cheese, steady, 10Vi@ll%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 16c.
Dun's Rruiew of Trade.
Articles— Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrel 20.000 is.imo
Wheat, bushels 223.000 181.000
Corn, bushels 476,000 087 000
Oats, bushels 3S5.OOO 217 000
Rye, bushels 6,000
Barley, bushels 16,000 15,000
NEW YORK. Oct. 5.— The following table.
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank olear-
Ir.gs at the principal cities for the week «nded
Octcber 4. with the percentage of Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
,,... Percentage.
/.Ities- Amount. Inc. Dec.
New \ork J37S.13i*,519 .... 72
•B<*ton 11S.SI3.CS1 . "u's
Chicago 137.5S1.277 0 5
I'Liladei; l:ia 94,743,103 .... '4*3
St. Loul* 28.704.276 "" gi
I'ittsburc 30,«33,367 ..'.'. /»
IJaltimore 21.72».0<r9 10 5
S&n Francisco 24.CS0.S20 2 9
Cincinnati l"..248.35O .... 'i't
Kansas City 14.S70.075 1/5
New Orleans 11.372.0«2 21.2
Minneapolis 12.3S9.324 20 »
l^tro'.t 7.C40.614 • e'l
Cleveland 11,400.062 .... i'j
Lvulsville 7,750.000 .... u'l
Providence 6.675.700 .... 3.5
Milwaukee C8S6.545 .... 61
« t «- r , au! S.447.2SO .... z.s
Buffalo t.f.05.052 . 2.3
Omaha 6,3.'/1,3-!3 • .... X4 9
Indlanapollf i.HM.GSC 2 5
Columbus, 0 6.I7C700 60
Savannah S.f.24.36» 165 1 '!"
Denver 4.215.134 i«'i
Hartford 2.S5S.567 4 2
Richmond 3.43S.0S9 5^8
Memphis 2.&54.010 12.5 '.'.'.[
Washington 2.254.S01 22.3
: I'eoria 2.E36.718 4.3 . ..
I nochewter 2.C6S.2S6 13.7
New Haven 1.572.457 .... l'j
Worcester 1.441,762 .... 1.0
Atlanta 2.169.679 9.1
Fait Lake City 2.381. 5S0 .... 27 4
Sprinrfleld. Mass.. 1,291.750 . 22*2
Kort Worth I.33S.231 ....
Portland. Me 1,407,571 ....
Portland. Or 2,532.232 10.0
St. Joseph 3.777.701 3.6
Los Angeles 2.1*3,127
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 72%<3'77e;
No. 2 red. 77«.;©78c; No. 2 corn. 40H'S | 41c: No.
i yellow, 4a«i<54lc; No. 2 oats, 22^®23c; No. 2
white. 2CMc: No. 3 white. 24%S25Uc; n 0 . 2
rye. E2c: fair to choice malting, 58@65c; No. 1
flax seed. $1 63»t: No. 1 Northwestern. $1 64
prime timothy seed. $4 25@4 25: mess pork, per
barrel. *H 12%ifH 50; lard, per 100 pounds,
17 27^07 30; short ribs sides (loose), $S@S 30
dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6Vi©6 7 4c; short
clear sldrs (boxed). $6 &0©6 85: whisky, basis
of high wines. $1 27. .
Cash quotatjons were as follows
Bank Clearings.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 76H 77 . 76ft 77
November 77% 77% 77 77H
December n% 78*4 77% 78%
Corn No. 2 —
October 40 40% 39% 40H
November 37% ¦ 37^4 37% 37%
December 35 35 34& S4Ti
Oats No. 2—
October 22i; 22% 22% 22>i
November 22% 22\% 22% 22%
December 22?i 22% "22%, 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel- . *
October 13 00 15 00 13 00 14 60
November 11 67% 12 00 11624 11 M
January n 85 12 00 1185 12 00
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October 7 25 7 27H 7 22^ 7 27V4
November 7 27V5 7 80 7 20 7 25
January 6 97% 7 00 6 95 • 7 00
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 8 O2V4 8 07% 7 95 8 07U
November 735 7 40 7 35 7 35
January 6 32^ 6 40 6 32«4 6 37#
CHICAGO, Oct. 5.— November wheat opened
>4c lower to unchanged, at 77U(&77Hc. Liver
pool was weak, however, and Argentine ship
ments 664.000 bushels, compared with 256.00U
bushels the previous week. As the outside was
not buying selling by local longs sent Novem
ber down to 77c. Northwest receipts were
small, rain was predicted for this section of
the country and the cash situation later im
proved, local sales being reported of 300.0M
bushels. Under these considerations the mar
ket began slowly to rally and toward the enu
of the session rallied sharply to 77%@77%c 111
sympathy with the bulge In October pork. The
close was firm, November He higher at 77Hc.
Corn was quiet. November closed unchanged
at 37%c.
Oats were quiet and steady. November closed
%c lower at 22H@22%c.
In provisions everything was overshadowed
by the sensational rise In October pork. Octo
ber pork opened 10c lower at J13. Half a
dozen attempts to fill orders resulted Jn u
bulge to J15, and the close was at $14 60. The
strength of October was influential in holding
the rest of the list steady. January pork closed
15c higher, lard 2Vfee higher and ribs 5c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Bradstreefs to-morrow
will pay: Despite some irregularities both as
to demand and prices, due partly to warm,
rainy weather, but likewise a reflection of a
hesitancy to embark largely In new business
pending political events, the Keneral tone of
trade Is a favorable one and confidence as to
the outlook for business In the remainder of
the year Is notable. Some diminution in the
volume of Jobbing business Is noted at large
Western centers and continued rainy weather
In the Northwest alike checks the movement
of wheat to market. Injures the grade of the
same and discourages retail and Jobbing dis
tribution. Ten-cent cotton Is the key to the
very favorable report which comes from the
South and the character of reports from this
section is more nearly favorable than for
many years past at this time. The indispo
sition to contract heavily aa to the future U
perhaps most marked In the Iron and steel
trade and here also the most marked tendency
toward -weakness In the crude forms of pro
duction is noted. The Industrial outlook has
been Improved by the Blgnlng of the tin plate
scale, but the anthracite coal situation Is, on
the surface at least, rather more unfavorable
than a week ago. more mines and miners be
ing Idle and production steadily diminishing.
Special weaknecs Is noted In the sugar trade,
owing to the practical break of the raw sugar
corner as much as to the passing of the can
ning season and the reported intention of the
refiners to reopen the. war on prices. Special
strength Is noted In provisions and . hop pro
ducts In which the very strong statistical polnc
Is receiving more attention. The strength of
the railroad situation Is reflected in earnings
fully equal to last year and in instances
larger and the announcement that rates are
to be advanced on November 1. October dis
bursements were the heaviest ever known and
are partly reflected in current bank clearlng3,
which are the largest since last June. The
rail situation Is the cynosure of eyes In the
Iron and steel trade. A Western road has
bought 25,000 tons at Chicago and a large
anthracite railroad has gone Into the market
at the East, but the heaviest systems have not
yet contracted for their requirements though
announcements are awaited with Interest be
cause of the example they set to buyers gen
erally. Pig Iron is weak- all around, being
lower at the South and at Plttsburg and the
demand is largely for small lots. Export de
mand Is being favored by lower freights. A
help to the market for plates has been afforded
by the order for 6000 steel cars given by a
trunk line.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for th»
week aggregate 4,459.167 bushels, against 4.242,
810 bushels last week. 5.183.3SS bushels In the
corresponding week of 1899. and b,'497,224 busheU
In 1S&S.
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are 47.221.C67 bushels, against &5,699,413
bushels last season.
Business failures In the United States for
the week numbered 177, as against 169 last
week. 146 In this week a year ago and 163 m
1898.
Canadian failures for the week number 18,
as against "2 last week.
Bradstreefs on Trade.
Ehares Closing
Sold. Stock*— Bid.
-,.& Atchison 2fc«»
ll>70 Atchison pvM 7o"»
7.241 Baltimore A: Ohio 71"^
Canadian 1'acittc «7
300 CanaSa Southern J04
2,4€o Chesapeake ft Ohio 2$S
Chicago Great Western 10^
12.7S0 Chicago Uurlin.Tton & Qulr.cy 12SH
100 Chicago Ind & Loulsvlile n»,
CMcago lnd & Louisville prefd M
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95
3.C2f' Chicago & Northwestern l€l'~i
riO Cblcaeo R^^k Island & Pacific li'Clj
2*5 C O C & fit I>ouis CIV*
<;olorado Southern *•"*
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 38
237 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 144
Delaware & Hudaoa T!0
1*10 Delaware Larkawanu &. Western.. 173^
200 Denver & lila tJrcnde 1SH,
J2'» Denver &. Rio Grande prefd c:\
C2S Erie US,
£25 Krle 1st prefd S4»;
«ireat Northern prefd 152
100 Hot-kins; Coal 1»
200 Hocking Valley 22U
100 lUlnoi* Central HCVi
150 Iowa Central 17 s i
Iowa Cer.tral prefd 33
- 1.225 Kansai- City Plttrburg & Gulf
Lake nrle &r Western..^. 20*i
Ijike Hrie & Western prefd M
J.422 Lake Shore 205
10.D"i0 Loofsiille & Nashville 72^
j.ZfiO Moiihattan L. 91>«
1.2V) Metropolitan Street Railway U14
Mexican Central II 7 *
Mir.n & Pt Louis M%
Minn A Bt Louis prefd 91
».SS0 WlFsourl I'srific ro>ii
Molille & Ohio 33
MiMKiuri Kansas & Texa? S^j
flO Mi'Siurl Kansas & Texas prefd 2« 1 i t
New Jersey Central 13J4
l.C») NV* York Ontral lSM^
t20 Norfolk ft V». E tern 34v«
Norfolk & Western prefd 75
:'.C7<) Northern Pacific 4SSi
2.!*! Northern Pacific prefd CSV»
100 Ontnrio & Western 20V!
.-. Oregon Railway £r. Nar 42
Oregon Railway &. Xav prefd 7«
JT.m Penrsylvnnla UW t
2ftO neaiinit 1SV
4,200 R'-adlr.g 1st prefd 5.*,^,
lieadlnE 2<1 prefd 2.V4
Hi.t Oranrie Went^rn &3V»
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
y>0 Pt TxijIk & Ran Fran K'%
Pt I»uii< & f-an Fran 1st prefd C4U
700 St I^-.uls A Sa»i Fran 2d prefd 31
Pt Louis Southwestern 12
rrn St Louis. Southwestern prefd 2?
t.rz Bt r'aui 112*;
St Paul i<refd lE0«i
Ft I'«u] A- Omaha lin
*».«30 Southern Pacific 23?i ,
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
The sub-trvasury "iv-rations for the week have
taUfn from the >>ar.ke 11.623.000. so ihat th-;
l>aympr.t of Government Interest and bouj
jiremiums and rodemptkus a.r.d the payment
Ot <Iratt? en roM at Paciflc points have l*?ti»
offset t.y that excess on account of regular
OovfrrT*».ent collectors d»i>osits for transfer by
flepraph to points to the Interior. To-day's
money market continued firm and sterling ex
chsuire reacted, while discounts were easier in
l»jn<3on.
The bond market continues Irregular on a
rmn.!l volume of dealings. Total sales, par
value. $1,130,000.
United ftates bond* unchanged in the bid
price.
NEW YORK. Oct. 5. — The Mock market C33
tlnued to show the effects of professional
operations In the advance tc-day. No point*.
of 5tr«?rigth developed under the shifting oper
ations of the bu'.l party and the sustaining
Influence thus afforded was taken advantage
of to realize In stocks which have already had
their advance. Distinction was thus made even
In stocks of the same group, as for instance
in the fteel and iron group, where National
Steel cr.d Tin Plate, which have haJ their
notable advance, hur.g tack while oth°r mem-
L<-rs of the group wtre pushed forward. Ten
r.essee Coal opened up with an advance of 2
points, but dropped back and closed with a.
:•::.£'.: net Iofs. in the railroad list there was
the same disposition msr.lfest to take up tht
rifw stocks fur tht? advance and these wert
selected for which the borrowing demand in
<JicatfB that there has l-^en a large interest,
ilalumore and <Jhio. Northern Pacific. Missouri
Pacific and Burlington are In this class. There
was conspicuous buying of Pennsylvania anj
rumors were revived »>u<"h as were heard wh«n
the vast proportions of the >ear's earnings
f.rst began to l>e understood of an Increased
tflvider.d. Gcssip en the Stock Exchange at
tributed the buying to the ;m:e interests
¦which were active in the previous movement.
Pome Ftrer.erth was Fh-^wn by Fugar, People's
<Jat» ar.d brocktyn Transit, In all of whicn
d'-aiinss were laife-e. bat the tone was fever
ish and irregular. Th» market closed rather
heavy and at a FubstantiaJ reaction from « he
brst. Tl'.e preliminary estimates of the weekly
cash olianse* were rather disappointing to
those ivhx' have tijrure<J en fuavy offset* to the
forces toward d»rpietio:i of the money supply.
New York Stotk Market.
I Receipts of , Beans continue moderate, con
sidering the time of the year, and the market
Is firm. The rain did some damage in spots.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 8502: Small, White. $3 25@
1 50; Large White, $2 23g2 50; Pink. $2 25@2 50-
Red, 1303 25: Blackeye. $2 50: Lima, $5 15«?5 'S-
P»n. $3 MMP3 75: Red Kidneys. $3 25^3 50.
SEEDS— BrowD Mustard. «cj Yellow Mustard.
Beans and Seeds.
There was a spur£ In Alfalfa Hay, which
has become scarce, and prices advanced. Vol
unteer Hay Is also higher, as predicted weeks
ago, and eraln Hay is also stiff at the recent
advance.
The scarcity In Bran continues and the mar
ket Is very strung. *
HRAN— *16.&i7 an per ton.
MTr»r»J.JNnP— S17©21 r-er ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. *15@17 per
ton: Ollcak? Meal at the mill. $2C«J27; jobbing
$27 rO'Q2S: Cocoanut Cake, $2O@21; Corn Meal.
$26^27: Cracked Corn, $26 50£27 50: Mixed Feed.
$13 50W14.
HAY. — Volunteer. $3@S:. Wheat.'- $10^13.
with sales at J13 50; Wheat and Oat, J1O<512;
Oat, $S 50@U; Clover, $4@6; Alfalfa, $7@8 50;
Barley, $7@9 rer ton.
STRAW— 30fe37' / 4c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras. $3 60$
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extra*. $3 40^3 50:
Oregon and Washington. 12 ~51t3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
J4 75ffJ5 73 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, %2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 CO: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. J2 75,
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 5003 76; Buckwheat Flour. $4-34 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). W»
7 25: In sacks. J3 75S7: Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. 15; Green Peas, 13 10 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
RYE— 9O@92 1 / 4c per ctl. The ship Mllverton
takes for Europe 1000 tons. The shippers have
secured almost all the plump Rye obtainable,
and the farmers are holding the rest of tho
crop for higher prices. The market Is firm.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
OATS — Dealers report a fair demand on local
account, with a further slight advance In
prices. Stocks In the State are very light out
side of San Francisco, and all the Northern
surplus is being taken for the Philippines, so
receipts have been very light for some time.
White. II 3(Xf|!l 45; Surprise. $1 40@l 50; Red.
$1 12@1 22V4: Gray, $1 27V4??1 32H: Black, for
feed, $1 10@l 22Vi: for seed, $1 22^4@1 27V4 per
ctl.
CORN — Receipts from the East have been re
sumed, and 1000 ctls came In yesterday. This
description is quoted at $1 20 per ctl.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
74\ic: 2000, 74K.C
BARLEY— The dullness in Wheat has affect
ed the market, and all interests quote weaker
prices. The demand has also fallen off.
Feed. 75®76i4c for choice bright. 72Vi<373»;c
for No. 1 and 67%@70c for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, S0?jS5c; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
Regular Morning Session — December — WOO ctls,
$1 04%: 6000, $1 04%.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
Second Session — December— 2000 ctls, $1 04%.
Chlcasro was easy and the dull trade made
operators bearish. Cudahy was a moderate
buyer. There have been some bis local hold-
Inrs dumped, but the market readily absorbed
them. '
Tho weather In the Northwest continued
ralnv. Milwaukee mills paid 81c, and both
St. Louis and Minneapolis reported large ex
port sales of Flour. The Southwest reported
a good Flour demand and tho Northwest poor
inspection.
In this market futures were lower, spot prices
stand inir as before.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1 O2V4; Milling, $1 03
@1 07V4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 6000
ctls, $1 04%; 2000. $1 04%; C00O. $1 04H.
WHEAT — Liverpool. Paris and New York are
all lower. Argentine shipments were 600,000
bushels and_Danublan shipments 1,300.000 bush
els. The crop outlook In the Argentine was
reported favorable.
Wheat and Other Grains.
SterllnK Exchange, 60 days — " $4 S3 "
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7»4
Sterling Cables — 4 kS\i
New York Exchange, Fight — Ol'n
New York Exchange, telegraphic — lf>
Fine Silver, per ounce — ejs,
Mexican Dollars, nominal 604 ® 51
Exchange and Bullion.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Board —
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s ir- 5J
10 Contra Costa Water 70 1"'4
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 1P« 6:4
15 Powdsr Con gi
ESS Hana Plantation Co 7 1314*
10 Honokaa S Co. cash 30 00
J30C0 Los Angsles R"y 5s 104 50
10 S F Gas and Electric Co B2 73
25 S F Gas and Electric Co 52 R2'i
7-> S F Gas and Electric Co 32 so
100 S V Water, b 10 95 00
20 S V Water «« 23
J2CC0 S V 4s <2d mtge) 103 25
Street—
50 Honokaa 30 00
Afternoon Seaslon.
Board—
23 Contra Costa "Water 79 x*v.
25 Hana Plantation Co 7 uy,
$40110 Ix» Angeles R"y 5s 104 zo
30 S F Gas and Electric Co 32 2o
CO S K Gas and Electric Co. s 90 52 on
ico S F Gas and Electric Co zi'i
$1000 S P of A bonds, s 10 Ill U
4 3V Water <« r>
E0 S V Water 93 uvi
Street —
230 Hana Plantation Co 7 r»u
$5000 Oakland Gas bonds 103 2i
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
3 1-3 Blu« Goose « ft
SO El Dorado 1 go
500 Four Oil Co 43
5 Hanford. b 10 72 30
350 Home OH 45.,
£00 Reed Crude Oil Co JJ
300 Sterling O ami D Co ]c
Morning Session.
ratlfornla 123 — |O S L A H.... — 43
Geary-st 23 — IPresldio 14 22t4
Market-st - 67Vil
POWDER STOCKS.
California — IK 1 * ' Vlgorit SU «';
Giant Con Co.. 84H - •
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana, S P Co. 7 7H Kllauea S VCo 2SV4 *lt%
V-wC*SCo— — Makawell S Co — 44
Hnnoka.i S Co. 30 — Onomea S Co.. *73i 2S'i
Hutch 8 P Co. 24 23U Paauhau S Co. 30} 4 30U
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — 123 IPac A F A l\ _
cal Krutt Assn >S — ! Pac C Bor Co. 130 l.'.l'i
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 I«> Par Paint Co.. I2^i —
Oceanic S Co.. — 93*i
STREET RAILROAT> STOCKS.
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1900 Sav * L So. .. _ «
Hum S & L... — — Sac Sav Bk.... — _
Mut Sav Bk... 50 S7H Union T Co.... — —
S> F sav V 510 —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 67% — Lon P & A... .133 m
bank ot Cai...4 ; J5 410 Merchants' Ex li _
Cal S D & T..105 — Nev Nat Bg — _
First Natlonal.283 300 I
INSURANCE STOCKS.
FlrenVi Fund. 227 — 1
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 4 5 Pac L Co 1_ 441,
Eqult G L Co. 3 : ; 3 x i Sac El G&RCo — 40
M.Mni f- Co. — !>.'¦» S F G & E... 51* =•
OGLtH.... 49 SO San Francisco, i Jv
Pac Gas Imp.. 51 52 Stkn G & E Co — u
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa-. 70 70*4 Spring Valley. 95 33 *i
Mann County. 51** —
Bay CO P Co..l02m04 l^ak Wgt-r 5«». — jm
u.-ri c»D.in..ii« ¦<• tOceanlc S3 5s.107K107 t b
C C Water 5s..ir,«mO7 lOm <J Ry «s...l254 —
Ed L & P 6S..13PH — iPac O Imp 4s.. 1144 —
K * Cl Ry to.. - — IP & Cl Ry «s.lO4 _
Geary-st R 5s. — — iP&ORR Js.115 —
H C & S SVis.. — — IPowell-st R 6s. 117 —
Do Tn — — Pao L O*R Sa.moH —
L A R 5s 10*% — S F & S J V3s.llS^U3'i
L A Ll Co «s.. — 103 - '< "f C»l tfs.Htv^ _
Do gntd 6s... — — S Pof A 6s. ...in —
L A gntd 5s... — 101 5 »' <-¦ t>* ii%5)
I, A V R R 5s -- 102 (Series A). ..107 —
Market-st 6S...123 — !¦_ ¦*->!«•- «>.].. 7% _
Do 1st M 5s.. — — S P C «s (1DC6).1O3HHO
XCXORii.- 114 Do (1312) IK}, —
N R of Cal 6s. 1U 115 S P R 1st gntd — —
!->".¦:¦ II* — S p p- k, 1: »rt _
N P C R R 6s.lC2 1C."> S V Water es.ll3H114t;
Do 6s IOGHIOS'4 I Do 4s 103 104
N Cal Ry 6»... — 111 Do 3.1 mtg... — vxy.
O«V n L f, H.109 — iStcktn Gas os. — w^.
Oak Tran 6s... — 117 I
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Is quar coup... 114*4, Hot, 1, do cp (new).133Si!35
4s do reg lH^illS 1 * 3s do coup 109^110'i
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Oct. 5—2:30 p. m.
t-*NITED STATES BONDS.
The Segregated Belcher Mining Co. haa
levied an assessment of 3c.
The Alaska Treadwell Mining Company re
ports for September 40.CS3 tons ere worked.
valued at J47.4S3, and 871 tons sulphurets. val
ued at $20,S23. The total output was $73.43."..
The ore averaged SI 81. The working expenses
for the month were $20,300.
Stocks and bonds continued quiet, with a d»
cllne in Gas and Electric to 51 a i. There was
nothing new In the oil stocks.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Trading was of a hand
to-mouth character with the undertone quiet
at unchanged prices for evaporated applej.
State common, 3©3c; prime, 4%®5Vic; choice,
5H<ff6c: fancy, G^SHc
California dried fruits, dull.
PRUNES— 3V4@7'ic per lb.
APRICOTS— Royal. llS?14c: Moorpark, 15@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14Q18c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
DRIED FP.UITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts, 24.
41S barrels; exports. 7219 barrels; sales, 7150
packages. The market was again neglected, be
ing held l@2c above the buyers' views in most
grades.
WHEAT— Receipts, 204.100: exports, 15.961:
pales, 1,850,000 bushels futures; 6000 bushels
spot. Spot— Steady; No. 2 red, 81 Vic f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 81%c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 87%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
90»4c afloat. Options— Weakened a little to-day
and were extremely dull. Traders found sell
ing motives in lower cables, weakness of
Northwest markets In spite of shower predic
tions, small seaboard clearings, absence of out
side speculative support and more aggressive
bear actions. They finally rallied on covering,
closed firm at a partial He net decline. Sales
Included: No. 2 March, closed S6Mc; May, SS^f/i
SCc. closed E6c; October, closed EOTic; December,
82 l-16CaS3 3-16c. closed S3Hc
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
SPELTER— Easy.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 Invoice, 8»-ic:
mild, quiet: Cordova. 9?i@14c. Futures — Closed
steady, with prices unchanged to 5 points low
er. Total sales, 20,250 baps, including: Octo
ber. $7 15; December, S7 30@7 35; March, $7 45®
7 53: May, $7 55Q7 60: July. |7 70.
SUGAR— Ray, easy; fair refining, 4\ic; centri
fugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 4c. Refined
easy.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3755 packages. Quiet and
steady; creamery. 16(2?21c; June creamery, 17V4
©20^c: factory. 13H®16Hc.
EGGS— Receipts. 7500 packages. Strong: West
ern regular packing at mark, 12018c; Western,
loss off, 20c.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
I The money market was decidedly firmer, loans
: being: curtailed, owing to the heavy withdrawals
' of funds to the South and West, though the
, bank statement of last Saturday was more fa
; vorable than had been anticipated, so far as
i the reduction of surplus reserve Is concerned.
; Time mon<?y, however, advanced to 5 per cent
; and call money was firmer at 2^©3 per cent,
i The firmness of money was offset to some ex
i tent by the further decline of exchange which,
, as explained elsewhere, caused some expecta
| tlon of pold exports. It Is hardly thought, how
, ever, that any large amount of specie would be
' sent here at present, owing, to the continued
I strain In the position at the financial capitals
t abroad. London.took only a moderate interest
in our stock market, but was a buyer to some
little extent, particularly In the Pacific stocks.
It was also noted that Berlin Interests were
! apain buyers of Northern Pacific common, after
j having sold that stock heavily In the preceding
fortnight.
Speculative sentiment appeared to undergo a
change this week. The bearish feeling and de
clining tendency in prices, which had been
generally displayed for the preceding fortnight,
gave place to an exhibit of renewed confidence
and rising values. The Immediate cause of this
movement was the announcement that the an
thracite coal strike would be ended and, though
the concession of an Increase of wages to the
miners by the companies did not result in the
prompt collapse of the strike or the reopening
of the mines, the street seemed to accept the
idea that under the circumstances the strike
would not last. Reports that a settlement had
been arrived at were brought out several times
during the week and always produced consid
erable effect in strengthening the market. An
other factor In the same connection was the
prevalence among financial interests of de
creased apprehension about the outcome of the
pending election. Exactly what this is based
on is hard to determine, but it would seem that
the reappearance of support in various parts
of the market. r>o:~.iing irom powerful financial
interests, may be attributed to this influence.
The public, however, cannot be said to show
a disposition to follow such bullish leadership
or to indulge in any speculative buying-. The
large increase In the current transactions at
the Stock Exchange was, on the whole, due to
professional activity and the covering of the
large amount of short contracts that have been
put out in anticipation of a break was largely
responsible for the sharp advances In many
stoc!:s.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
FORECAST.
The rrpss::re has risen rapi.Jly over the Paci
fic S'.one an4 ai area cf high pressure is cen
tral off the coast of Northern California.
Thf teir:><»raiure has ris^n over Nevada and
the U:.p<?r Sacranjento Valley and fallen over
Southern Idaho.
Generally cloudy weather rrevalls in Wjisb
'r.ctcn. Kastern O-eg^n anJ iiaho. Lifiht rain
h«s fallen in OreRon. Nevada. I^aho, Utah and
Montana.
Coniitinr.s an? favcralile for fair and wanner
weather in Califnmia Saturday.
Foreran made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ondirig micSnight October €:
Northf-m «'alifornia— Fair, warmer Saturday;
fr»~sh north w«?pt wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light west
win.i.
Nevada— Fair, v.-arrrer Saturday.
l"tah— Partly eloady: ¦warnjer Saturday.
Arizona — Fair Saturday.
Eu Frar.cisco and vicinity— Fair: warmer
Saturday; fresh v.e t -t \rlr.d.
G. 11. W1LLSON. I^-cal Forecast Offlcial.
— -•
The CcQmrtoc are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
la^t seaeon. an<l rainfalls in the past twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Kuroka 8.01 1.73 130
Ked Muff O.02 2.01 0.02
Sacramento Trace t'.6S 0.02
San Francisco 0.02 1.11 Trace
Fresno 0.06 0.42 0.00
Independence 0. f O 0.S1 0.17
Han Lais Obispo 0.06 1.20 0.00
L.s Angeles Trace Trace 0.01
Fan Diego COS COS 0.07
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€1; minimum, 5«; m^an. I*.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
S.VN FB-VNCISCn. Oct. 5-5 r- m,
IV cat her Report.
Rpce-ipts of Mexican rpecle a t this' port dur
ing the first r.lne months of the year were
I<S.?73.23*i. against J2.716.C60 {or the same time
last year, the d^s.-riftlons beir.g as follows:
Silver <1o!l.-u-s. SZJ&.lSt: silver bullion. J1.314
fciu; Kold bullion, S:il.23O.
Specie From Mexico.
327..-00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
O S ref 2?. when |L & N unl 4s SS'-g
Issued, reg 1C4 N Y C lsts 10S%
Do coupon 104 «J J C gen 5s 124
L' S 3f reg 109 V Pacific 3s 64 7 »
Do 3s coup 109% Do 4s 102*i
Do new 4s reg 134 X T C 4 St L 4S..105H
Do nrw 4s coup.. 134 ,N" &W con 4s 96ri
Do old 4s reg 114*; Or Nav lsts 109
Do nid 4s coup. ..114*4 i Do 4s 1P2V4
Do 5s rcg 113U iOr Short Line 6s..l27»4
Do 5s coup 113 1 * ! Do con 5s 112H
D!st of Col 3.65e...l23 iReading gen 4s «%
Atchison pen 4s.... SOH R r, w lsts 9S«A
Do adj 4s 86»i, St L & I M con 5s.ioi> "
Canada So 2ds 106'i St L & S F gen Cs.122^
Ches & O 4^s SSH St Paul cons 16S
Do Is 115 St P C & P Ists...ll7»i
Chi & N con 7s 134"*4 1 Do 5s HS'-i
Do S F d»b 5s.. .120 S Pacific 4s 7?'£
Chicago term 4s... 91 S Railway 5s 10SU
Colorado So 4s SI Stand R & T 6s.... 65
D & R G lsts 102'4 | Tex & Pac lsts....m>£
Do 4? K%\ Do 2d s 63
Erie pen 4s 6S |U Pacific 4s 105
F W & D C lsts... "l'i'Wabash lsts US
Gen Electric 5s 113 Do 2ds 10H4
Iowa Cent lsts 110 West Shore 4s 113 ,
M K <t T 2ds GT.% wise Cent lsts ?4
Do 4» 91 v a Centuries 86V t
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20, Ontario 6 00
Crown Point lOOphlr 7g
Con Cal &. Va 1 25 Plymouth 12
D<-a1wood 50' Quicksilver 1 25
Oo'jid & Curry.... 27^1 Sierra Nevada 32
Hale & Norcross.. 22Standard 4 00
Hotno«tak» 53 00: Union Con 20
Iron Silver €6 Yellow Jacket .... 20
Mexican 32 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— lUnion Pacific ES%
Cal! loans 31J» Union Land l'j
Time loans 47i5 vVe« End 9'
Stocks- Westinghse Elec... 47
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 2SS Bonds-
Do prefd li% Atchison 4s 99
American Sugar. ..117^, Mining Shares-
Do prefd 115 Adventure 4K
Amer Telephone. ..138 Allouez Min Co.... 1%
Borton A: Albany. .246 lAmalg Copper ?7>i
Boston Elevated. ..146 (Atlantic 23
n-iston & Maine. ..IIS | Boston & Mont 32
Chi B & Q U6Vi|Butte & Boston.... S3
Dominion Coal 3S^ Calumet & Hecla.. 75
Do prefd Ill Ifentennial 16
Federal Steel 34'4 iFranklin 14%
Do prefd C5H Osceola 67>4
Fitchburg prefd...l37'4 Parrot 42U
Gen Electric 136>i Qulncy 142
Do prefd 139 Sta Fe Copper.....* 6
Ed Elec 111 209 Tamarack 234
Mexican Central... ll«i Utah Mining 31»i
Mich Tel. ex div.. S3%4 Wlnona 2 T i
£. U G " s & Coke.. 12Vi j Wolverines ........ 40V»
Ola Colony 204
1.715 Southern Railway 11%
1.010 Southern Railway prefd 63 .
1.108 Texas & Pacific 16
27.00 Union Pacific 3S?i
3,000 I'nloa Pacific prefd 74
ICO Wabash 7
COO Wbbaph prefd 1%%
370 Wheeling & Lake Erie S» s
720 Wheeling & Lake i:rie 2d prefd 23
100 Wieronein Central 11
130 Third Avenue 110U
Ex^rf-ss Companies —
Adan:t- 123
American 151
United Slat's 45
Wells Farzo 123
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil : 33 S «
American Cotton Oil prefd SS
100 American Malting 4V4
American Malting prefd 23
L250 American Smelting & Refining 37 V 4
100 American Smelting & Ref prefd SS»4
American Spirits Hi
American Spirits prefd 17
S.'KO . American Steel Hoop 20H
1,000 American Steel Hoop prefd 67 1 ?
U.5S9 American Steel & Wire 33\
3.073 American Steel & Wire prefd 74%
4,1'CO American Tin Plate 31
American Tin Plate prefd S2
4, SCO American Tobacco 91>i
Am»rican Tobacco prefd 129
C13 Anaconda Mining. Co 43H
Cl.i^O Brooklyn Rapid Transit T,3\
2.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 33V*
1.47". Continental Tobacco 25>j
ir.0 Continental Tobacco prefd 77
7.(7:. Federal Steel 34
4.770 Federal Steel prefd 60%
100 General Electric 136 l i
....... Glucose Sugar 5C^i
Glumse Sugar prefd ssi^
3C". Internationa! Paper 19
£20 Intfrnatirnal Paper prefd 03
Laclede Gas 70
210 National Riecult. ex div 32H
National Biscuit prefd , SS
462 National Lead 17V4
National Lead prefd 90
2.*' / > National Steel 26*i
200 National Steel prefd 84
S00 New York Air Brake 122
lOt North Amprican 14",
$73 Pacific Coast 59
Pacific Coast l?t pr^fd S5
4nn I>aciflc r,->a«t 2d prefd 63
4i0 Pacific Mail 3»i',
6.17.1 People's Gas FG»i
3,C>S0 Pressed Steel Car 40
Pressed Steel Car prefd 75
Pullman Palace Car 1S4
Standard Rope & Twine 4 7 £
14.7r,0 Suear 117^
Sugar prefd 117
12. ff-A Tennessee Coal & Iron 5fi«4
1.073 United States Leather 10'i
l.r.oo l"nited States leather prefd 6SU
S19 T'rrUed States Rubber 21'i
United States Rubber prefd 94
23$ Western Union "Rtj
l.ioo Republic Iron & Steel Co 12
430 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd f.3'4
P C C & St Louis 51
Carp S310 Sea Dass — 9131%
Codfish 12W — Smelts 12<*—
Flounders SS10 Soles 10«x—
Halibut VrB— Skates, each StilZ
Kingflsh !»<3— Tomeod — fili>
Mackerel l.V« — Clams, gallon jOfi—
Do. Horse IW4O— I Do. hardshell, lb Sfi—
Perch mm Crabs, each 12H'** —
Pompino 9Cf2— Do. softshell, dzlO<7—
Rockflsh 12 l a '5— Mussels, quart r^Tii!)
Salmon, fresh -f?— Oysters. Cal. l0O..1^l'A
Do. smoked — "ftl"' Do, Eastern, dz.2>t?M
ShrimpsU Stm
Putter and Eg;s stand the same aa last
week.
The Game season has opened and the market
Is well surpHed with all varietlPS. Game U
apparently unusually plentiful this year. Th*
Poultry market Is also well supplied. Meats
are unchanged. Fish Is scarcer, owing ta
Thursday's gale, which hindered fishing.
There Is nothing of Importance new la Fruits
and Vegetables.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ @1* CO Southfteld
Wellington . OH 00 Wellington Cll PO
Seattle 9 CO0 Coos Bay.... 0 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter per sqr. ..VfiSO Ranch Eggs, per
Do. per roll 33'uoO dozen ZZ"3iO
Cheese Cal 12-g 15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese Eastern. .l'.?i20 pound i;g20
Cheese.' Swiss ICftSo Do, extracted.. .1U'#1-'
Common Eggs 25t*30
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 15W17 Round Steak I<VU —
Beef, choice l51?:o Sirloin Steak 15^—
Do, good lCtfl2 Porterhouse do.... log—
Corned Beef — #10 Smoked Beef — fctt
Ham !V<t— 'Pork, salt 121*13
Lard — 4U3 Pork Chops IC&IS
Mutton l<ytt!2 Pork Sausages.. 12Vr?2'>
Lamb :c312;Veal 1I"&IJ
Pork, fresh 15<S— I
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 3CgS5 Grouse, pair.... $2 r,rg_
Vountf Roosters, : Sage Hens, palr... r nfj^
each 501275 Quail, per doz$l lO^gZ 00
Old Roosters, ea..10ij.'») Knglish Snipe, pr
Fryers, each 4<V34.>, dozen $3 00-g 1 —
Broilers, each 3H-&4O Jack Snipe. ..$1 oOff; CO
Turkeys, per lb...lSTj2f> Mallard. pair.$l OOtfa 23
Ducks, each 50*j*> Sprig l>yaV>
Geese. each...$l W& 1 7"> Teal '. iVS—
Pigeons, pair 40350 Widgeon 'iia—
Rabbits, pair (talO Small Duck 40S —
Hare, each — ©20 Wild Gee3e. palr..;c®:3
Doves, per doz To^gao I
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per lb. .Lit?— Limes, per &*z...A-'C.~<
Apples 4'<3i 5 Lemons, doz 15*1 —
Bananas, doz 13S20 Plums, per lb . 4® 5
Cantaloupes, ea.. 10^20 Quinces, per lb... 4'jt 3
Figs, per lb h® 6 : RaJs:ns, per lb S'fl3
Grapes, per lb 4fJ <i Raspberries, dr...30'u."..»
Watermelons. ea..lfr&'25: Peaches, per lb... 4£p S
Nutmeg Melons. Strawberries, per
each — ft 5 drawer 3MM0
Oranges, dcz lZ'QZH Walnuts, per lb. .15@—
Vegetables^ —
Artichokes, doz... SO^o; Onions, per lb 3f? 5
Beets, doz 12(5? 13 Ok ra. green pr lb.lO<U12
Beans, white. lb.. at* 6 Peppers, green, lb 5.?rii>
Colored, per lb. . \<rt 5, Potatoes, per lb.. Z'fi 5
Lima, per lb -^ 3 ?weet Potatoes.... 3f2 4
CabbaKe. each SftlO Parsnips, per doz.!;.fi—
Cauliflowers, each 5010 : Radishes, dz bcr.sio<gl2
Celery, bunch Z<5. — ?aare. driz bnchs..2J'&3.>
Cress, doz bnchs.^CSTi" String Beans, lb.. Vg S
Cucumbers, pr dzlUfi 13 Summer Squash.
Egg Plant, lb SfMOl per lb ifi S
Green Corn, doz. .101x301 Thyme. p«r lb....20fi3f>
Green Peas, lb C12 SJTumips. per do»..10'3:.".
Lettuce, per doz..l3<3 — iromatoes. per lb. 5i& 6
Fish-
Barracuda IIS— Shad V.ri —
Another advance in Silver. No change in Exchange.
Wheat weaker on call.
Barley quieter and weak, in sympathy with Wheat.
Oats very firm at a further advance.
"Shipment of iooo tons of Rye io Europe.
Corn again coining in from the East.
Ha\ firm, zciih an advance in several descriptions.
Bran and Middlings strong, but no higher.
Bca;\s steady wider diminished arrivals.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Butter and Eggs unchanged. Cheese firm.
Ga:nc in liberal receipt. Poultry /inner.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about as before quoted.
Provisions firm at the. recent advance.
Wool neglected. Hops firmly held.
Hides moving oft rather better at unchanged prices.
Meat market quiet and ttnehanged.
Family Retail Market.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
4s 4»,id; do old. nominal; futures, quiet; Novem
ber, 4s 2?i'; December, 4s 2d; January, 3s HVid.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 5.— WHEAT— Spot. No. 2
red Western, steady. Cs 4<3; No. 1 Northern
spring, firm. 6s 7Vid; No. 1 California, quiet,
6s 7d; futures, quiet; December, 6s 3%d; Febru
ary, 6s 4'id.
LONDON. Oct. 5.— Consols, 93 9-16f 9S 13-16.
Silver. 29%d. French rentes, lOOf 7c#100f 7%c.
Wheat cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
No. 1 standard California, 32s; Walla Walla,
30s 6d. English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 5.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California. 6s 6ijd(S68 Sd; wheat In
Paris, dull. Flour in Paris, dull. French coun
try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, G 7-16d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 5.— Walla "Walla wheat,
CBff 55VzC : blue stem, 5Sc; valley, 62c.
Cleared— French bark La Fontaine with 112.1S2
busheis wheat, for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 5.— Wheat was quiet and no
change In quotations. Blue stem, 58c; club, 55c.
Northern Wheat Market.
, PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 5.— Clearings, $453,897
balances. $32,260.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— The cotton market
closed steady with prices net unchanged to
seven points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
Pig Iron warrants, dull and unchanged at
$9 SOffflO: Lake Copper closed partially higher at
$16 S7H@17. Tin was 15s In London, the market
here closing easy, unchanged. $2S 75@23 20. Lead
and spelter, unchanged at $4 37V4 and $1 07V4®
4 12H. respectively. The brokers' price for lead
was $4 and for lake copper $16 87',*.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5. — The general situation
In metals presented very litle change in price
or feature.
Nczv York Metal Market.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 5.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day were as follows: Grapes— Tokays, SScijJ
$1 20 per single crate, average $1 15; Cornichon.
il&l 05 per single crate, average $1 02. Peaches
— Salways. *30<5 65c per box, average 33c. Three
cars sold to-day.
Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit to
day as follows: Grapes — Tokays, single crate,
average 69c; Malagas, single crate, average
60c. Peaches— Salways, 20@50c per box, aver
age 29c. Prunes— Italians, single crate, aver
age 50c. Four cars sold to-day. Weather hot.
' CHICAGO. Oct. 5.— Porter Bros. • Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Grapes
—Tokays, $3 05 per double crate and J1S1 00
per single crate; Emperors, $1 10; Blacks, 90c.
Karl Fruit Company sold California fruit to
day as follows: Grapes— Tokays, 65c(5$l 15 P*r
single crate, average 94c; Cornichon, $1 20@l 30
per single crate, average $1 21. Prunes—Ital
ians. 60<§"73c per single crate, average 65c.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Pears—
Beurre Clalrgeau, J2 50@2 70 per box; Duchess,
$165; Winter Nellis. $1 per half box. Grapes-
Tokay, S2 ip©3 43 per double. 7Oc@Jl 10 per
single crate, and Cluster, $120^155; White
Tokays, $1 20; assorted. S0c«?U oO. Muscats, 70c
<5$1 S3, and Clusters. $1 90; Morocco, $1 30@l 60.
and Clusters. $1 65: Cornichons. $1 40@l a-.
Plums — Coe's Late Red. J0®33c.
£' orfoIk 1,211.366 .... IS 3
&™"« 1.042,^ Jot
Des Molnes l e-^ sT' a?
Seville i:S5i:It5 is.k 3 - 2
J} "mington. Del... 1 092>3 .... io i
Kail River 1.013.337 .... Jo6
Scranton 1,1371244 54
Grand Rapids l! 2001*05 "" 1V5
Augusta. Ga 2,824,522 144 2
Lowell •(,; 110 ' i".";
SSSf^P •••••• im&n '.'¦'.'. 11
att 'e 2.926.J28 .... ie 1
2 ar , 0^a 1.176,140 1.9
Spokane I M M6 .... i^c
Sioux City L270.S06 .... 44
Ntw Bedford C36.663 13. •«• ....
Knoxville. Tenn 601 033
Topeka 1.017,300 37!i "."
Birmingham 846.472 21 3
Wichita 436,639 "4 •>
Binghamton SC8 300 13*5 """
Lexington. Ky G1S.033 33.2
Jacksonville. Fla.. 205.392 .. 59
Kalamazoo 3S7 677 26 7
kr f, n 6i5,ooo siii ;;;;
Chattanooga 3SS.SO8 1.8
Rockford, III 225 W6 18
Canton. 0 2»1.600 li'.S '.'.'.'.
Springfield, 0 2."3,462 34
Fargo, N. D 3S3.790 ...". 28*5
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 99.626 .... 14*5
Hastings. Neb 177,684 13.4 ....
Fremont. Neb 143.597 19 8
Davenport 1.230 S33 9 2
Toledo 2,C0f,?02 175
Galveston 6.747,000 .... 47.9
Houston 13,142.:2l 24.9
Helena 660,263 i 0
Evansville S64.2S7 8 5
Mecon 9S4.OOO 42.7
Little Rock 641.265 33.2
Springfield. Ill 440,409 .... 25.8
Youngstown 278,194 2.1
Totals. U. S $1,633,073,417 7.0
Totals outside New
York 659.933.S9S .... 6.0
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $14,510,553 16.1
Toronto 10.437.777 10.9
Winnipeg 2,032,253 26.8
Halifax 1.732.S9S 9.6
Hamilton 7S7,*i35 14 6
St. John. N. B $37,793 5S.2
Vancouver 1.347.OCO 40.8
Victoria SS9.700 3.9
Totals $32,275,2S5 .... 11.3
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
California Fruit Sales.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances show: Available cash
balance, $133,458,979; gold, $S4,S34,931.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Money on call. firm, at
2V4@3 per cent: last loan, 2H per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 5@3i4 per cent. Sterling Ex
change, weaker, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 84%' for demand and at $4 S1H«?
4 SHi for sixty days; posted rater, $4 S2«/i and
S4S6V4: commercial bills. $4 80«4@4 81. Silver
certificates, 64»iig65Uc. Bar silver, 64%c. Mex
ican dollars, 50%c. Government bonds, steady;
State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, irregu
lar.
New York Money Market.
LONDON. Oct. 5.— Atchison. 23%: Canadian
Pacific. 90>,4; Union Pacific preferred, 76V*;
Northern -Pacific preferred, 71*i ; Grand Trunk.
6%; Anaconda, 9.
Bar silver, steady at 29^d. Money, 2H Per
cent.
CLOSING
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here were buoyant to-daj' on the Gov
ernment victories on the election, the profes
sionals laying in stocks en the expectation of
a boom and the bears abo covering. The elec
tions are retarded as the last obstacle to act
ive markets. Americans were active through
out. Erie leading.
Sliver cloyed at 29 13-16 on speculative buying.
There was considerable business in all »tlons
for March.
London Market.
change In Its rate. In which an advance had
lieen expected. Heavy foreign buying of cot
ton has outweighed all other Influences and
there is Insufficient demand for regular re
mittances to absorb commercial bills drawn
against the staple. Cotton shipments are pro
ducing about double the exchange they did a
year ago, and as the crop is being moved with
the funds shipped from New York and without
gold Imports from Europe the net result la that
New York is loaning foreigners about half. the
value of the crop. Most manufacturing con
cerns are delaying extensive production until
after election and are buying little raw ma
terial. Plgiron has declined en small orders
end was also depressed by the cut In Southern
freight rates. Finished material and struc
tural lines are steady and export buying does
much to prevent dullness. Contracts for oars,
bridges and plates for phipbuildlng were sls?neil
during the week and rails were fold at $2b to
domestic roads, while a small amount was
taken by Italy. Boot and shoe factories are
more actively employed on ru«h orders, con
firming tho reported reduction of stocks, but
sprinK contracts are postponed. Kales of wool
at the three chief Eastern markets were 3,417,
265 pounds, exceeding every week since August,
but still Insignificant compared with last year,
and Coates Hrothers" average price of 100
erodes on October 1 was 19.64c. against 20.37c
September 1.
Wheat Is steady. For the week Atlantic ex
poits were 3,252,994 bushels, flour included,
apainst 3.562,062 In 1899. After the end of Sep
tember there was a decline in the price of
corn tor the current month's delivery, but ele
vctor prices remained firm and recelptb for
the week were only 4.S40.S02 bushels, against
7,679,540 last year, while Atlantic exports were
2,144,610 bushels, against 2,992.232 a year ago.
Lower stocks at Chlcaso caused a sharp rise
In prices of pork produce.
Failures for the week were 20S In the United
Ptntey. against 1G4 last year, and 34 In Canada,
ogalnst-20 last year.
HOGS— Receiptn to-day, 25,000: to-morrow,
18.C0O, estimated; left over, 3000; average, ehdo*
lower: top. $3 50; mixed and butchers, »r.#a ao;
good to choice heavy, $505 47V4: rough heavy.
$4 85^4 95; light. J3©5 4"',i; bulk, $5 15@5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. C000: sheep and Jamba,
slow; good to choice wethers, *3 80®3 95: fair
to choice mixed. $3 40Q'3 SO: Western sheep.
$3 S5@3 95; Texaa sheep, $2 t0ff3 40; native
lambs, $4 25@5 10; Western lambs. $4 M@a.
$3 4505 90: poor <o medium. $4 M>@5 40; selected
feeders, slow. $3 7. r >@4 50; mixed stockers. weak.
$2 50(g3 65; cows, $2 65®4 25; helfera, «2 gK»igi
canners. 10c lower, $:®2 JO; bulls, alow, $2 50G?
4 25: calves, steady., $4<g,6: Texas fed Pteer3,
J4 10@4 85: Texas grass Bteeru. $3 30i34; Texaa
bulls. $2 50^f3 23.
BAGS-San QuentJn Bags. $3 83: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6|;c; Wool Bags. 23^632^- Fleece
Twine. 7'.ic: Fruit Bags. ¦&&*%* for white and
t\4®S%c. for bleached Jute
«^ I ""' w " rt .« n *2 wl - w Per ton: southneii
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7- Ccxw
Bay. $3 50: Wallsend. »3; Co-operative WalU
end W: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and m 23 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $"- Can
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In ICO-lb ba«s-
Crushed. «.6oc: Powdered. b.25cT Candv Gran-
General Merchandise.
The demand and supply about balance and
quotations remain unchanged.
BEEF— r.HG6c for Steers and <H©5c per lb
for Hows.
VE - A iic: LarKe - 7JIS =: small. 7ff9c per lb
pound Wetfc '"' 7 ® T * C: eW "' ««^« P"
LAMU— 80SHc per lb
PORK-LI ve Hogs. 5\c for small. 5HO5Hc for
u r. m S82 H W^£S %3£l V^ s » •-
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9®3V4c; medium. SHc; light, 8c; Cow
h'.des. Sc: Stags. 8c; Salted Kip, 8c: Salted
Wai, 8c; Salted Calf, 9c; Dry Hides. 13c; tulls.
lie; Dry Kip, 13c: Dry Calf. 13c; culls ind
brands. 12c: Sheepskins. Shearlings. 15825c
each; short Wool. 30>840c each; medium. 50£t~70c*
leng Wool. 7iQ®$l each: Horse Hides, salt \Z7i
2 25 for large. $1 75 for medium, $1 for small
and 10c for colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 50 for
lnrge. tl 25 for medium. II for small and 2r,tf5Oc
tor colts. Deerskins — Summer cr red sktns. SJc 
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins'
17^6 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large
and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4Hc per lb; No.
2. 353'^c: grease. tffJ2Vic.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as foITcws-
Northern, free. 15©lfic: Northern, defective X«O
14c; Middle County, free. 14«18c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12® 14c: Southern Mountain 12
months.' 9«S10c; Southern Mountain. free 7
months". ll(S12c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months'. 9#llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno 18
©ire: Nevada. 131116c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. C'i'-Sc: do Lambs' a
6»c: Middle County. 9@llc per lb. "
HOPS— llV4©14Hc per lb.
Dealers report rather more movement In
Hides, with some decrease in local stocks.
Prices, however, remain unchanged.
Wool continues neglected. Hops rule firm
at the old quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll^c per lb for
heavy, 12c for lljtht medium. 13Hc for light.
14c for extra light and lo^c for susar cured:
Eastern surar-cured Hams. 12c: Mess Beef.
$12 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $13 50: Family.
$14 50* extra Prime Pork. $15 50: extra clear,
$19; Mess. *IS 50: Smoked Beef. 12\iG13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces ounted at fi-^c rer lb for com
pound and 9V4c for pure; .half-barrels, pure,
9»ic- 10-lb tins, lOVic: 5-Ib tins. lOHc.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8He; three
half-barrels. SHc; one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces,
S&c; five tierces. SHc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Pork products rule firm at the advance, with
a steady demand.
Provisions.
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-303. 7c; 50-6Cs, 5^c: 60-70*. 3%c; 70-SDs. 3Vic:
80-90s. 2%c; «0-100s, HJe; 100s and over, 2c:
rubles, premium; Sonoma*. He and San
Joaqulns, i£c less than Santa Claras, except
1003 and over, which *tand the same. Apricots,
6«?Sc for Royals and WJllVie for Moorparka;
Evaporated Apples. 506c; sun-dried. 3@tc:
Peaches. 5*i5Hc for standard. «Q6'-4c for choice
and 7f}Sc fir fancy: Pears. 3I?7c: Plums, pitted.
S'S'SHc; unpltted, lgl«*c: Nectarines. 5©5Hc for
red and 5H<ff6c for white. .
RAISINS— The- Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy.
12c per lb; choice, lie; standard. S?ic: prime,
Sc; unbleached, Thompson's 9c per lb. Sul
tanas—Fancy. 10U/> per lb: cholre. 9Hc: stand
ard. S^c; prime, Sc; Unbleached Sultanas. 8c;
Seedless. 60- lb boxes. 6Hc; 2-crown loose Mus
catels. 6c; 3-crown. fi^c; 4-crown. 7c: London
Layers, 2-crown, |1 50 per box: S-crown, $1 SO;
Fancy Clusters. 12; Dehesa, $2 50: Imperial. $3.
All prices f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. .
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12%c per lb; "Walnuts.
No. 1 KOftKhell. lie; No. 2. Sc: No. 1 hardsnel).
10c: No. 2. 7V4c; Almond*. 15J?16c for paper
shell. 11O12UC for Foftshell. Peanuts. 5®6c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. ll«?13c: Cocoanuts. J3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13H1?14Hc for bright and 12H
(f?Uc for light amb»r; water white, extracted.
7*;if?Sc: light amber extracted. KQlhiC dark. 6
@6Vic Per lb.
BEEESWAX— 2J^26c per lb.
Dealers continue to report a quiet market for
fruits.
The market shows very little change. The
rains have not produced any marked improve
ment In Grapes, and Melons are quiet, owing
to the cool weather. Peaches and Plums have
ceased to figure as important fruits.
Lemons are weak and in good supply. Oranges
and Limes are quiet and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPI-.EP— 25<^30c per box for common and
60cfiJl 23 for good to choice.
PEARS — Winter Nellis. 60c@Jl; Cooking
Pears. 23<SC3c per box.
QUINCES— ZotfloOo per box.
PERSIMMONS— 2; i g50c per box.
CRANBERRIES— C*n* Cod. $3<ffS 23: Wis
consin. per bbl: Coos Bay, $2 23 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-j:«5 per chest for large
an( j for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— SI'S" per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 3o(530c per small box and
$1 50 rer large box.
PLL'MS— 20'<730c r>er box and crate.
GRAPES — Mu?cat. 3o5I65c per crate; black.
3.",{I65c: Tokay, 3.7365c; Isabella. 50iQ73c: Cornl
chnn. tScOSl: Wine Grapes. $15®20 for white.
$iO©22 50 for Mission and !21f:23 per ton for
Zlnfandel.
MELONS — Nutmests. 5C5uc per case; Canta
loupes, 75c@$l 50 per crate; Watermelons, $5®
15 oer 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlinir Oranses. 73c@J2:
Valencins. $1?H: Lemons, $1*12 for commen ami
J2 5O.Jf3 for good to choice: Mexican I/mes, $4?*
4 E0; Bananas. $1 50(@2 SO per bunch; Pineapples,
fl 50Q3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The situation in Butter remains the same.
Most dealers quote a weak and dragging mar
ket for medium and lower grades, and even
fancy creamery Is none too firm.
There Is nothing new in Eggs.
It UTTER—
Creamerv— Fancy Creamery, RfflSHc: Sec-
CI Dalry— 'Fancy, 25SI6C; good to choice. 23t?24c:
"creamery tub^-20SKMc per lb.
Pickled roll— 1DS21C.
Flrktn— lS@19c.
Ptrras» Isolds— 2iV.ft?*c.
CHEESK— New, lnH^llc: old. 9tri0c : Young
America, IO^SIIc; Eastern, 13^i@14c; Western.
10012c per lb. . „
KCJGS— Quoted at 2C®2oc fcr store and 30@33c
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, lS#25c.
The nWatlon of 12^c for Chees- In yester
day's Issue was a misprint. It should have
read lOV-c The market for fine new stock Is
firm, and the quotations below are readily ob
tainable.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Quail were heavy, and of Ducks
moderate. PrlcM were rather better.
POULTRY— Live Turkey;.. 14(0 16c for Gobbler*
and 14«l«c for Hens: Geese, per pair. $1 2Stfi>
1 50; Gosling". $1 0<"»l 75: r>uck*. Ufl4 for oM
anfl $3 30@4 50 for young: Jlt-ns. WHZ 30; Young
Roosters. ti<3~>: Old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fry
ers *3©3 50; Broilers", J303 50 for large ami
$292 30 for small: Pigeons. $1 2501 50 per dozen
for old and *1 75iff2 for Squabs.
G\ME — Quail. *1<fil 25 for Valley and SIM
for 'Mountain: Mallard. J45*>: Pprlff- *2^2 50:
Teal $1 Mi81 R; Wldseon. $1 50© 1 75; Small
Duck' $150: Gray Geese, $2f!fV. White Geese.
Slffl 23- Brant. »1 30^fl 73 for small and J2ffl
2 23 ror large; English Snipe. *1 f.0«2; Jack
Snip*. H«l »: Hare. SI 8591 50; Rabbits II 23
©150 for cottontail and $1 for brush: Doves,
60c; Grouse, ; Sage Hens. per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Tlecelots of Poultrv nfe ample, but good fat
stock Is firmer. Prices show *om« Improvement.
S«v Vln* *t&1 Wl Canary, >'.•• P"«" ' b for Call
fni'iilj a'n.1 «u f.iF l-iafctarn; Alfalfa, nominal;
Ici|*V 3Vt<O3«j llWft «»«'»•: Timothy. «tHKc.
63 OS fier 6111 HUjfaay*, t» H>.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Oahbavft |« efaroa »m1 MtrhT. Other Veeo
iablcu ihow Itttl* *t»anir«. *rn1 quotation* for
Potatoes ami OnlOlM mftnd about as before.
POTATOJUJ-Karly llo»«. S&9«Oe; llurbanks.
40i8«0u fnr Illvrri «i».1 Me© 1 1 »<> P«r e . tl . 1 f0 ( f **'
Urn*. BWffU, «<tt»5t (or I(lv*r» an«l fl 2a for
ONIONS— AAiBUa t*r etl; IMckU Onions. 3itf
60 *¦
VKOKTA llI,K8-flr*«> I '•¦as, 3*1 Se per 1b:
rUrln* Dc»nJ. IHQSoi l.lnm-. 31/ V per ll>:
t'Hbtjnue. II: ToaiTtofd, luy, aofMo: J}*x
Plant. 35f/.V)fi per box: Orcm Okra. 40©. jc:
Green Pepper* IM>40o i~r i«>» ££, V' hIl l.* nd ,i 0
«»fiflc for Hell: I>rl<"1 Pepper-. IMTl^: < •»""' «•
2f. l 3>35c per »ack; Summer Buuash. 60tf«0c for
Alarm-da: Cucumber*. »©«>•• for Atameda;
Pickle* |l*il M P«r ctl for No. 1 ami 50<J/.jc
for No. 2: tJarltc.Sc per lb; Marrowfat Squash.
J74J10 per ten. •
Onions, sks 462 KH««s, No ."Ss
Middlings, ska .. 4U Pe'ts. bills Krt
Hran. ales 2.9>s Hay. tens LC*
Mustard, ska .... 532!<traw. tons z«
Sugar, sks 6CU Wool. bag3 £,7
FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5.
Flour, <jr sks.... 25.773 iSugar. bbla 2S0
Wheat, ctls 72.70-JIWIne. gra!s X1.10O
Darley. ctl9 9. JIG Leather, rolls .... \\\
Corn. East. ctls.. I,*)-) Quicksilver, flsks IS
Cheese, ctls .... US Chicory, bbla :.".
Butter, ctls J52 Uroe. cars 5
Tallow, ctls 239 'EL Corn, txlls 3i
neani. «ks 3. 0«.~ Raisins, bxs B.^r*
Potatoes, sks ... ;,£»>.> Egg*, dnz 9,4m>)
Receipts of Produce.
ulated. &2Sc: Dry Granulated. 6.15c: Confec
tioners' A. 6.13c; Masraolla A. 5.73c: Extra C.
5.65c; Golden C. 5.35c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxe3. 50c more: 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73 bar
rels or Us equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels,
6.9oc; boxes, i.lic per 1b.
THE SAN FRANCISUU CALL, SATUKDAY, OCTOBER O, i;«rv.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Pago Thirtsen.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE STOCK MARKET.Will Hold Club Bally.
Deputy. Collectors Appointed.
OAKLAND. Oct. 5.— The following dep
uties have been appointed by Tax Col
lector Barber to serve during October: J.
A. Webster. A. S. Barber. G. D. Warren.
W. R. Barstow. A. A. Rogers. J. W. Mott
and H. W. Crocker. The first installment
of taxes will be due Monday. October 8.
and become delinquent on the last Mon
day In November.
OAKLAND, Oct. 5— The following suits
for divorce were commenced to-day: Fan
nie 8. Heslop from William J. Heslop, de
sertion; Fthel I. Conley from Charles A.
Conley desertion and failure to provide;
Anna Kliegel from Joseph Kllegel, cruel
ty; May Elizabeth McChesney from
George G. McChesney, desertion; Annette
Flemmlng : was granted a divorce -from
Louis Flemmlng by Judee Ellsworth on
the ¦ ground of incompatibility of temper.
In the IKvorce Court.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 5.— The Democrats of
Alameda enjoyed themselves for several
hours last night listening to Democratic
logic as expounded by E. B. McCabe and
E. D. Holland. Democratic orators. The
meeting -was held under the auspices of
the Central Democratic Club. In the ab
sence of President Frank Bartlett, Rev.
S. A. Taft presided.
Democrats Enjoy Themselves.
A "California Democratic Textbook"
has been issued by the Democratic com
mittees. M. F. Tarpey, the national com
mitteeman. J. C. Sims, chairman of the
State Central Committee, and James R
Booth, chairman of the press committee"
arranged the material and authorized its
publication. The "Textbook" is a pam
phlet of sixteen pages. Mr. Booth is the
author of a prefatory, "To the People."
Extracts from Bryan's speech in response
to the notification address. From Towne's
speech in San Francisco, from Congress
man Richardson's speech on imperialism,
from Richard Olney's letter to Bryan and
from D. M. Delmas' speech at Metropoli
tan Temple, and the State and natltyial
platforms entire, make. up the. pamphlet..
Democrats Issue Textbooks.
OAKLAND. Oct. 5,-Marrlage licenses
were Issued to-day to Julius Odolph Ca
seres. 40 years of age. and Tlllie Meunleke.
26. both of Berkeley; Frank Nicholas
Burns. 27. and Gertrude May Lemmon,
28, both of Oakland: Carl Wllhclm Moller
33, Healdsburg. and Fredericka Magda
lene Maassen. 23, Oakland: John Joseph,
24. Sacramento, and Frances Rose, 2K,
Haywards.
Licensed to Marry.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 5.— Charles Kelly and
Max Jacobs, the companions of Myron
Brown who was killed by Officer Mac-
Rae while resisting arrest on September
24 were released from custody this morn
ing by Justice Morris. The evidence
against them was not deemed sufficient
by the District Attorney to convict them
of cruelty to animals. There is still pend
ing against the men. however, charges
of violating the ordinance prohibiting fast
driving. They are out on ball.
Brown's Companion Freed.
HARMONY RESTORED
IN OAKLAND CLUB
Miss Wakeman Curtis and Mrs. C.
D. Olney in Charge of Domestic
Science Magazine.
OAKLAND. Oct. 5.— The recent election
of officers of the Oakland Club has result
ed In the restoration of complete harmony
among the ladles o£ the organization.
With the withdrawal of the former mem
bers, who have organized the new Peralta
Park Club, Miss Wakeman Curtis and
Mrs C. D. Olney have been- restored to
their old positions as editor and business
manager of the Domestic Science
Monthly.
These ladles had resigned from the man
agement of the magazine after Mrs. Rob
ert Watt had been honored by a vote of
confidence. Their reappolntments were
made by the executive committee of the
Oakland Club. • .i>r-V
OAKLAND, Oct. -5.— City Prosecuting
Attorney Abe P. Leach is confined to his
house by a severe attack of throat
trouble. Deputy District Attorney Harris
Is acting In his place.
Prosecuting Attorney 111.
OAKLAND. Oct. 5.— The high senior
class of the Oakland High School Is pre
paring to give a farce In connection with
the closing exercises of the term, A com
mittee consisting of Miss Wills (chair
man). Miss Folsom. Miss Fiickstad.
Messrs. "Wllcox and Sunderland has been
appointed to take charge of the matter:
Lee Lucas, manager of the High School
Aegis, will issue an elaborate edition of
the paper In honor of the graduates.
Seniors to Present a Farce.
The Democratic State Central Committee
expects the meeting at Metropolitan Tem
ple to-night to prove one of the great
rallies of the campaign. Jud R. Rush and
John J. Barrett are the speakers. Mr.
Barrett's powers of oratory are well
known in San Francisco. Mr. Rush who
halls from Los Angeles, made a telling
speech at the San Jose convention. He
had»a strong following for the nomina
tion for Congress, but William Graves
won out against him. It was during that
contest that an enthusiastic delegate Bald
that after D. M. Delmas and Stephen M.
White, Jud R. Rush was the greatest
orator west of the Rocky Mountains.
The campaign committee appointed
Wednesday night for the Republican
County Central Committee will meet this
afternoon at 3 o'clock to lay plans for an
aggressive campaign for the local ticket.
DEMOCRATIC RALLY.
Dissatisfied Shipjoiners.
There is a prospect of a few men walk-
Ing out of the Union Iron Works some
time to-day unless the management yields
to the demands of the Ship and Steam
boat Joiners' Union 8186 of the American
Federation of Labor. The trouble at the
Union Iron Works is of long standing
and has at last been referred to a special
committee of the district carpenters for
adjustment. This body agreed not to
work on any of the German transport
vessels now being fitted up at less than
union rates." A committee of three waited
on Irving' M. Scott and notified him that
unless these demands were complied with
there would be a walkout to-day. In the
meantime the shlpjoiners were also noti
fied not to work on transports now at the
Union Iron Works. A further edict ¦went
out from a special meeting last night In
structing the union 6hipjoiners to witn
draw from the Union Iron Works this
morning. It is claimed that all ships for
transport service at the Rlsdon works
are paying union prices.
Delegates from the retail shoe 'stores
reported to the Trades Council last even-
Ing that W. H. Wolf, Blue Front store.
W. H. Nolan and B. Katchinskl have
declined to close their stores as requested
by the early closing committee. The fur»
ther action of the council In this matter
was referred to a special committee for
adjustment. The leather workers, while
reporting work brisk, complained of low
wages, and expressed an Intention of ask
ing an increase in the near future.
Schwartz at Liberty Without Bail.
Attorney Coffey, who has specially
prosecuted the poolroom cases, discovered
yesterday afternoon that Henry Schwartz
was at liberty without bail. The Juries
In Schwartz's case disagreed twice. After
the first disagreement he went away and
failed to appear and a bench warrant
was Issued for his arrest. He came from
San- Jose and surrendered himself. Cof
fey has now discovered that Judge Conlan
dismissed the attachment proceedings on
September 8 without notifying him and
Schwartz has been able to draw from the
treasury the $100 cash ball he put up for
his appearance. The Judge will be asked
for an explanation this morning.
About fifteen years apj Peru conducted
a variety theater on Eighth street known
as Golden Gate Hall. There he made
money rapidly and was a familiar flgun*
behind teams of fast horses. Finally th^
police closed the Golden Gate and its pro-,
prietor opened a roadhouse on the San
Leandro road. For a time he was suc
cessful, but with the advent of the electric
car and the decrease In buggy travel
Peru's fortune slipped away.
Not long ago he lost l.is last piece of
property and with it went his reason.
Peru has a wife and several children.
For some time Peru had been living at
Elmhurst. 'where he formerly kept a
prosperous roadhouse. He made his home
In the fields and barns, begging food from
door to door.
OAKLAND. Oct. 5.— William Peru, bet
ter known to old-time residents a?
"Billy," once a well-known sport and
roadhouse proprietor, is Insane. The Lu
nacy Commissioners declared him men
tally unsound this morning and this af
ternoon Judge Hall committed him to the
State Hospital at Stockton.
pital for Insane.
Committed to Stockton Hos-
REASON WENT WITH
LOSS OF PROPERTY
"Billy" Peru, a One-Time "Sport,"
PROGRAMME OF, CITY
TEACHERS' INSTITUTE
The Sessions Will Be Occupied With
Lectures by University
Men.
OAKLAND. Oct. 5.— The Oakland City
Teachers' Institute will hold its first ses
sion in the First Congregational Church,
Twelfth and Washington streets, next
Monday at 10 a. m. City Superintendent
McClymonds will preside.
The programme for the morning session
Is as follows: Address on China, Presi
dent David Starr Jordan of Stanford Uni
versity; "International Relations During
the American Civil War," Professor
Clyde A. Dunlway of Stanford. In the
afternoon Professor George M. Stratum
of the University of California will speak
on "The Main Features of the Mind."
Tuesday the Institute will meet in the
Alameda Unitarian church. • Professor
Stratton will lecture on the "Growth of
the Mind." and Professor Dunlway on
"Anti-Slavery Measures Caused by the
American Civil War." Professor Dunlway
will also speak at the afternoon meeting,
his subject being "Politics and Govern
ment During, the American Civil War."
The last session will be held on Wednes
day in the First Congregational Church
at Berkeley. Professor Stratton will lec
ture on "The Differences In Children,"
and Professor T. R. Bacon on "Geog
raphy." In the afternoon State Superin
tendent of Schools Thomas J. Kirk will
deliver an address. Rev; C. R. Brown will
close the session with a lecture on "The
Ethical Elements in a Teacher's Influ
erce."
land.
OAKLAND. Oct. 5.— With the life ground
out of his little body by the wheels of a
heavily loaded lumber truck, Manuel, the
5-year-old son of Joseph Pedro of 225 Sec
ond street, lies dead at the City Morgue.
The child had been dismissed from kin
dergarten at noon to-day and while play
ing In the vicinity of his home about 1
o'clock attempted to climb on a passing
wagon belonging to the Humboldt Lum
ber Company. Before he could gain a
firm footing he fell beneath the rear
wheels, which passed lengthwise over nil
body. The little fellow's head was
crushed into an unrecognizable shape and
his whole body was mangled.
Bystanders shouted to the driver, .who
was unconscious of the accident, and a
patrol wagon was hastily summoned. Be
fore its arrival, however, the child was»
dead, and the remains were conveyed to
the Morgue.
William Sllva, a 5-year-old companion
of the Pedro child, fell from the wagon at
the same time and was. badly bruised
about the back. After treatment at the
receiving hospital he was taken to the
home of his father, Manuel Sllva, at 611
Madison street.
Anthony Murphy, the driver of tne
wagon, was booked at the city prison for
manslaughter. He was released on his
own recognizance. He paid that a few
minutes before the accident he had
noticed the two children running toward
his wagon and had warned them away.
He was unaware that they had renewed
their efforts to steal a ride until after the
accident.
Joseph Pedro, the father of the dead
boy, is employed as a coal shoveler at the
Market-street bunkers. The child was the
eldest in a family of five.
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an Inquest
In the case.
Fatal Accident to Five-Year-Old
Manuel Pedro of Oak-
CHILD CRUSHED UNDER
A HEAVY LUMBER WAGON
Father Cassini Has Been for Twenty-
Five Years a Member of Sa
lesian Order.
Rev. Father Valentino Cassini will cela
brate the twenty-fifth anniversary of his
ordination to the priesthood to-morrs>w.
At 10 o'clock there will be solemn high
mass In Corpus Christi Church, at which
Father Cassini will be the celebrant, as
sisted by Father Genna. S. J., and one of
the Saleslan Fathers. Mercadante's Grand
Mass will be rendered under the direction
of the organist. Miss M. Rodgers. by the
following artists: Sopranos — Miss M.
Reilly. Miss R. Broderlck, Miss J. Cun
ningham; contraltos — Mrs. N. Galliano,
Mrs. J, Cato. Mrs. C. Stevens; tenors—
G. Oliva, T. Brady; bassos— J. Broyer, H.
Swords, J. Bonnet.
In the afternoon the parishioners and
members of the various sodalities con
nected with the church will tender a re
ception to their zealous pastor.
Rev. Valentino Cassini is a member of
the Saleslan Order. He completed his ec
clesiastical studies under the immediate
direction of the saintly Don Bosco, who
has been called the apostle of the nine
teenth century. Shortly after his ordina
tion. In October. 1875, he left his home In
Piedmont, Itady, as a missionary for
Buenos Ayres, where he was administra
tor of one of the principal colleges of
the society for more than twenty years
and also the founder of an agricultural
training school at Uribellarea. In 1S95 he
returned to Italy to regain his health,
which had been shattered by the contin
ual strain of active missionary life. Three
years ago he was chosen to accompany
Father Pipernl to San Francisco to take
charge of the Italian church here. A year
later he exerted all his zeal • and activity
toward the erection of Corpus Christi
Church on Croke street, destined to meet
the spiritual needs of the southern portion
of this county.
ITALIANS TO CELEBRATE
PRIEST'S SILVER JUBILEE
This evening the fair In aid of St. Brl
gid's church will open In the art gallery.
Mechanics' Pavilion. It will be something
of more than usual Interest, for as much
time and ingenuity have been devoted to
the decoration of the booths and the ar
rangement of them as has been spent on
what they will have for sale.
Not more than half the art gallery has
been used, but if the crowd warrants an
expansion It wUl be necessary only to
move the Holy Cross booth from the md
dle of the floor to the side, and the floor
j-pace will be more than doubled.
There are twelve booths ranged on both
Fides of the gallery. Kach has its own
distinctive colors and decorations and its
own plan for the design that marks Its
front. It is from these that the booths
take their names. The booths are desig
nated as: The refreshment booth, the
cliffs, the Roman villa, the Alhambra
booth, the Mikado booth, the Holy Cross
abbey, the fortress, the Arctic booth, the
Egyptian booth, where the St. Brigld's
Gazette, the official organ of the fair, will
be published: the Palestine booth, the pal
ace booth and ihe arbor booth.
Preparations are well under way and
when the fair opens to-r«5ght it will be
ready to receive all visitors and to cater
to ther wshes.
Completed.
Preparations to Receive and Enter
tain a Large Crowd Nearly
FAIR FOB ST. BRIGID'S
WILL OPEN TO-NIGHT
TO BE BRIDE OF
A SWEDISH LORD
Mrs. Helen E. Wagner Will
Be Mistress of Castle in
Scandinavia.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 5.— To become the
bride of a Swedish nobleman of high
r^j-.k. Mrs. Helen E. Wagner, one of Ala
roeca's most prominent society women,
took her departure yesterday for the long
Journey across land and sea to the Scan
dinavian peninsula. Upon her arrival in
Bveden] Mrs. Wagner will proceed to
Hofveror Cattle, Sorby. a short distance
from Gothenberg, and will there be united
In marriage to Baron Frederick Wallen
berg. .Jirst lieutenant of the Second Gren
adiers. Royal Life Guards.
The wedding ceremony will be simple,
the relatives of the grocm and the offi
cers of his regiment only being presert
liofveror Castle is the home of Baron
Wallenberg's sister. Lady Elizabeth Keck,
v.hose husband. Lord Henrick Fock, is a
gentlema:;-in-waiting to Utcar II, King
ot Sweden. Mrs. Wagner expects to ar
rive in Sweden about October 20 and thf-n
sppnd a few days in preparation before
me nuptials are celebrated. By a special
dispensation of the Bishop ol" the Luth
eran church the banns, which are required
t«i t't published, for three weeks after ihe
urrivaj of the bride in the country, will
be uttered but one*-. The wedding would
have taken pl'ice at Mrs. Wagner's Ala
meda home bad it not been for the regu
lation of the Swedish army which re
quires that no officer can absent himself
heyovd a day's call from his post.
Following the wedding ceremony th«
bride and groom will leave for a two
months' bridal tour over the Continent,
visiting many of the places of interest
and btinff received in the courts of the
rulers. Bsxon Wallenberg remaining,
however, within a day's journey of his
own country. This tour being over. Baron
and Lady Wallenberg will take up ;heir
residence at Beakenstaad. the hereditaxy
trute and cattle of the Wallenberg fam
ily in the neighborhood of Linkoopin^.
Much of their time ¦will also be spent in
Stockholm, where Baron Wallenberg's
regiment is stationed and where he has
many duties to perform at the King's
court. The social duties of Baron and
Lady Wallenberg will be numerous, as
they will be expected to entertain on an
extensive ecale.
Baron Wallenberg comes from one of
the oldest aristocratic families of Europs.
His mother is a direct descendant of King
Robert Bruce, the famous hero of Sc it
land. His father was <»ovc-rnor General
of the largest stat«» In Sweden, the high
est office in the gift of the King, iimnv
Idea of the standing of the officers of the
Second Grenadiers of the Royal Life
Guards may b<? gained from the fact that
thert is an unwritten law which requnes
that they must be ablr> to boast of a long
line of jiatrician ancestors.
Baron Wallenberg is an artist of marked
ability and for one of his paintings on
exhibition in Paris he has taken a medal.
Jt is his purpose, when he has attained
the rank ot captain In the S«-«.-ond Grena
riiers, to resign and devote himself to art.
Th<> Wallenberg family is immensely
veal thy. having large holdings In land in
Sweden, besides being In control of the
largest banking institution in the coun
try.
Mr?. Wngr.er Is the widow of the, late
lieutenant Commander Harold A. Wag
r.*>r of the ITnlted States navy and daugh
ter of Mrs. KUcn Horton. I^i^utonant
<"ommander TA'agner was killed in an ac
cident oleven years ago while or* a visit
with his wife in Paris. Miss Ethel Wag
r.er is Mrs. Wagner's only daughter. The
family residence is at 1232 Caroline street.
Mrs WapnT has traveled extensively
find is accomplished as a linguist. She is
s handsome woman and has a distin
guished bearing.
Mrs. Horton and Miss Wagner will re
main in Alamfda until December, when
they will lcavo for Sweden to make their
future home there.
Old Ladies Receiving Friends.
A reception was given vesterday after
noon and evening by the ladles of the
Proteptant Episcopal Old Lauies' Home to
their friends, and a very pleasant after
noon and evening were enjoyed. In charge
of the tables were Mrs. John I. Sabin.
ilrs. C. E. Glbbs. Mrs. James E. New
lands and Mr?. Alfred Clarke. The pro
gramme under the direction of Mrs. Lewis
K. Sanford. Mrs. P. Caduc and Mrs. G. W-
Klino was as fellows:
Aftrrnoon— Soprano solo, Miss Millie
Flynn; contralto solo, Mrs. J. E. Birming
ham; character sketches. Ml«s Jean Du
r*il: folos by Miss Grace Montgomery.
Miss Smart and MIfs Walby. Evening —
r«-a<Jlngs. Mrs. Frances Kdgerton: solos by
Mrs. A. Z. Jennings. MIfs Grace Nutting
:¦:¦<) Mr=. W. W. Briggs.
Liquor Men Not in Politics.
About fifty retail liquor dealers held a
meeting yesterday at B'nai B'rith Hall for
the purpose nf organizing a permanent so
' letar for mutual protection and goodfel-
U»wship. Th<> meeting was called to order
v E. L. Wagner, who stated briefly the
;''joft« for which they were assembled.
•Mr. Wagner was- elected temporary chair
inan and William Clack temporary Becre-
J**T- »t was suggested that, owing to
J/ 1 '' npar M'X'roach of the election, the
!?« fi?!"", 1 mi^ ht be construed as having
?n P i« al r " n T'^xion. In view of this fact
.m adjournment *- as taken until Xovem
'*, a ;, at *"hi?h time a permanent or
panlzatlon will be perfected.
Seven Pines Campfire.
,^ VPn Pines Circle. Ladles of the Grand
Arrny of the Republic, will hold Its an
-firl^f !h f, llth ln?t - ThPre »'«» be an
lowed hv^ Mt T ary Programme to be fol-
Jo«*ea o> dancing.
"After making a request for the books,"
said Mr. Van Bokkelen. "Mr. Watkinson
spoke up and said: 'Gentlemen, I might
just as well be candid with you from the
Ptart and say that we have no records
prior to the consolidation of the Contra
Costa and Oakland Water Companies.
When we removed from our old office i
to our present quarters we decided that
as we had no room at the new office for
our old records we might as well destroy
them. We then had five wagon loads of
the old books brought up from the base-
The witness testified that he went to
see President Watkinson on July 13 In
company with the other expert account
ant, J. R. Crandall, and Deputy City At
torney Condon.
The details of the burning of the books
containing the records of the water com
pany prior to consolidation were brought
out by Van BoUkelen. who recounted his
interview with President J. H. T. Watkin
son on July 13. When the case was re
sumed this morning Van Bokkelen was
recalled to the stand by Mr. Hayne. who
requested the witness to state what was
said by the officials of .the water com
pany when the demand was made toe
their books of account. t
All of the testimony introduced by the
city's attorney to-day was presented In
support of the claim that the officials of
the Contra Costa Water Company acted
in contempt of court when they ordered
the destruction of the records of the com
pany prior to its consolidation with the
Oakland Water Company. An effort was
made to prove that Judge Hart's order
granting the city's regularly appointed
experts permission to examine the water
company's books of account was ignored
and that by so doing .he corporation offi
cials were guilty of a violation of the
law. In support of their contention At
torneys Hayne and Dow. for the city,
placed Experts Van Bokkelen and Cran
dall on the stand to testify as to what
took place when the demand was made
on the company for its accounts.
The officials of the Contra Costa Water
Company were charged with contempt of
court by the city's counsel to-day. Their
failure to produce their books of account
when ordered to do so by Judge Hart
was arraigned against them and an effort
was made to show the violation of the
court's mandate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Oct. 5.
"I think I will bo able to show," he
said, "that those records were destroyed
to prevent a full and fair Investigation
of the accounts of this corporation."
Mr. Hayne objected to the Introduction
of the map book !n evidence as he held
that Its authenticity had not been estab
lished, and he was met with a reply from
Mr. McCutcheon to the effect that he was
trying to prevent the case from being
tried on its merits.
Further argument was stopped by
Judge Hart, who ruled that the book was
proper evidence In the preliminary In
quiry as to whether or not the company
had refused the city permission t o see
its records. The court remarked that the
hook would not be considered as evidence
in the case Itself.
Continuing with his testimony Expert
Van Bokkelen said he later made a de
mand upon the water company for the re
cords showing the cost or the company's
property, but he could gain no Informa
tion. Mr. Watkinson, he said, also re-
Mr. McCutcheon asked the witness if he
could not have obtained ail the needed In
formation from the company's map-bocK.
Van Bokkelen replied that he could not.
The witness proceeded to explain, when
he was stopped by Mr. Hayne, who stated
that the water company would like to pick
out a few particular books and allow the
city's experts to examine them but no
others.
On cross-examination the witness told
of conversations he had had with Secre
tary Walter C. Beattie of the water com
pany during the absence of President
Watkinson. Beattie always referred him
to William J. Dingee or Mr. McCutcheon.
"Mr. Watkinson told me." continued the
witness, "that the papers were burned on
May 24, 1809. He offered to show us any
other records in the office. Mr. Watkin
son then tendered us the company's ledger
and Journal. In these books the first en
tries were dated August 1. 1SD9. We then
made a request for the records of the time
between the burning of the books on May
24 and August 1 and were told that these
accounts had been kept on loose sheets
and later destroyed as being of no value.*
Mr. Van Bokkelen refreshed his mem
ory from a typewritten account of the
Interview with Watkinson and to this na
per Attorney McCutcheon Interposed nu
merous ineffectual objections.
ment and taken to our corporation yards,
where they were burned. I had an em
ploye at the yards watch the fire carefully
to see that none of the half-burned papers
blew away, as I did not want them flying
around town. You may send me to jail
for making the little bonfire, but It was
simply because we lacked room that we
burned the records, which were practi
cally useless, anyway. If I had known
this suit was coming up I would have
had the books and papers preserved, but
as it was I did not think they were of any
value.' "
Argument will be made at that time
on the question whether or not the offi
cials of the Contra Costa "Water Com
pany violated Judge Hart's order to pro
duce their books of account for examina
tion by the experts appointed by the
city's counsel.
Hewson was called upon to identify the
mans Introduced as evidence. He went
over the large map book page by page
and identified each separate drawing.
When Mr. Hewson had concluded h!a
testimony Hayne announced that the
city rested its case so far as the alleged
violation of the order of court was con
cerned. McCutcheon replied that the
water company had no testimony to offer
on that point and wan ready for argu
ment. It being agreeable to all concern
ed, argument was postponed until Tues
day morning at 10 o'clock.
Crandall testified that the testimony of
Mr. Van Bokkelen relative to the inter
view with President Watkinson was cor
rect and in answer to the questioning of
Mr. Hayne he repeated much of the con
versation had at that time. A great deal
of time was consumed In arguing the
relevancy of questions put to Mr. Cran
dall. He was excused to make way for
F. M. Hewson, the Contra Costa Water
Company's constructing engineer and
custodian of Its maps.
J. P. Crandall. Mr. Van Bokkelen's fel
low expert, was the next witness. Mr.
Hayne stated that the witness was called
to corroborate Van Bokkelen's, testimony,
and asked if the company's attorneys
were willing to stipulate that he would
do so. This Mr. McCutcheon and Mr.
Moore refused to do.
"Your remarks were entirely uncalled
for. Mr. McCutchecn." said Judge Hart.
"Proceed with the examination."
"I will not stand any such statementa
from you, Mr. McCutcheon. or any other
attorney. I am? honest when I say I do
not understand the word in the sense
used."
This remark brought the witness to his
feet and. Ignoring the court's admoni
tions, he declared:
"This witness knows exactly what I
mean," said Mr. McCutcheon, rather
testily. "He does not want to place any
construction upon it that will tend tr»
Injure the city's case. He is altogether
too careful."
fused him data In regard to rea! estate
owned by the corporation.
"I was not told." testified the expert,
"that the map book in evidence here con
tained descriptions of all the property
owned by the company. Mr. Watkinson
has told me that all the records prior ti>
the consolidation had been destroyed."
The witness was asked a uuestion in
regard to the "descriptions" In the map
book and showed some hesitation about
answering, stating that he did not quite
understand the word "descriptions" in
the sense used.
Evidence to Show That the Corporation Officers Burned Their
Books in Order to Prevent Examination.
ATTEMPT TO PROVE THAT THE WATER
COMPANY WAS IN CONTEMPT OF COURT
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— When Lawyers
Patrick and Jones were arraigned In court
this afternoon Assistant District Attor
ney Osbome did not tile any complaint.
Detective Carey submitted an aflldavit. in
which he swore that he believed Patrick
and Jones to be guilty of forgery, acting
as attorney and secretary of one Wlhia.m
Rice, now deceased, whose signature they
are suspected of having forged to checks
by acting in concert.
Patrick and Jones were then arraigned
and Magistrate Mott held them in $10,000
bail each for examination Monday. Mr.
Osborne stated that the men are suspect
ed of forgery in the second degree in the
matter of checks presented to Swinson &
Sons for $63,CO0 and $25,000. thus intimaUng
that it would be on complaint of forging
these checks that the Ditsrict Attorney
was to proceed. The men were taken to
the Tombs.
John W. Gerard, counsel for Captain
James A. Baker Jr., made public to-day
a list of the more important securities
found in Mr. Rice's strong box in the
vaults of the Safe Deposit Company of
New York. The value of the contents of
this box was estimated on Thursday
evening by Captain Baker as at least
$l,000.0"0. After a more thorough exami
nation of the Inventory Mr. Gerard said
to-day that they were worth about $2,
000,000. Mr. Patrick on Thursday night
placed a valuation of $750,000 on these se
curities although he said he knew ex
actly what they were.
AUSTIN. Texas.. Oct. 5.— Albert T.
Patrick of New York City, of prom
inence in connection with the case of
the millionaire, W« M. B.iee. who recently
died in New York City, and whose arrest
on the charge of forgery occurred yes
terday, is a son of Captain II. D. Patrick
of Austin. Captain Patrick is local freight
agent of the Houston and Texas Central
Railroad and his family is highly es
teemed.
Albert Patrick "was born and reared
here. After his graduation from school
he studied law and located in Houston
about ten years ago in the practice of
his profession. He removed to New York
City a year later and little has been
seen of him in Texas since. One of his
sisters a few weeks ago was married to
a millionaire of Denver, Colo., named
Millikin, whllo another of his sisters la
the wife of a wealthy St. Louis whole
sale druggist of the same name.
Charged With Forgery in
Connection With the
Rice Estate.
PATRICK AND
JONES ARE HELD
BERKELEY, Oct. 6.— The Town Trus
tees decided last night that their claim
against J. L. Barker and A. W. Xayior
for J4J0. alleged to be due on an agree
ment made by the gentlemen to indem
nify the town for losses of revenue from
liquor licenses on the passage of a pro
hibitive ordinance, was not good. After
hearing Mr. Barker's reasons for the non
payment of the money a majority of the
Trustees took his view of the matter and
voted to accept his statement. Thus the
claim was dropped.
On July 1. lss*. Mr. Barker and Mr.
Naylor agreed, on behalf of the temper
ance people, to pay the town $1SOO for one
year in quarterly payments, provided a
prohibitive ordinance was passed. The
saloon men were given three months to
close out their business. In presenting
his arguments Mr. Barker Faid that that
quarter's licenses from the saloon men
took the place of the first quarter's pay
ment by him and Naylor. He further
stated that they had promised in the ex
pectation that the prohibitive ordinance
would be parsed and enforced.
"You know, gentlemen, as well as we
do." eaid Mr. Barker, "that the ordinance
has not been enforced and the saloons
have been selling all the. time, and are to
day openly selling liquor. We rest our
case, asking simply Justice and what is
right."
A motion to drop the claim was voted
en as follows: Ayes— President W. H.
Marston, Trustees E. Q. Turner, A. R
Frame and R. C. Staats; noes— Trustees
Thomas Dowd and Christian Hoff: ab
sent. Trustee L. J. I^eConte.
The people at the next election will be
asked to vote for an Increased tax rate to
defray the town's expenses. The present
board favors the prohib ( 'ion ordinance.
Trustees Come to Agree
ment With Berkeley
Temperance Forces.
DECIDE CLAIMS
ARE NOT VALID
ind which even succeeded, so goes the
press agent's ingenuous yarn, in evoking.
:n the snowstorm s<*ene, a genuine shiver
through the imaginative audience with
the thermometer at PO!
Rut it is an altogether admirable pro
gramme and bears inherent evidence as
to the reinstatement of San Francisco in
the good graces and opinion of the the
atrical syndicate. And the programme is
not even yet complete.
The Yell Club has a new plan, by which
they hope to make the modern Athens
rival even ancient Athens. In the days of
olden Greece prizes were bestowed for
the best poem or the best literary work.
In modern Athens at Berkeley they have
decided to offer prizes for the best yell
with which to cheer the hearts of thn
stalwart gridiron combatants this fall.
So Berkeley now resembles ancient
Athens at least in the fact that both of
fered prizes, though the objects for which
they are offered are somewhat different.
ly one without much cohesion, but thl.«
year it has been turned Into a full society
with Stuart G. Masters as president an<l
Milton H. Schwartz as leader.
The Yell Club has been formed as a reg
ular organization this year, and the young
men who play football with their mouths
have united in full force in order to prac
tice the work of cheering along the great
Thanksgiving day game when the youns
heroes who play football with their feet
are on the gridiron field Up to the pres
ent time the organization has been mere-
body in Berkeley did not move
out. However, there are other meetings
to be held and the inhabitants of the col
lege town are preparing to take to the
hills or any old place that is available.
BERKELEY, Oct. 5.— The Yell Club
of the State University held Its
first session to-day. It was not
an unqualified success. Every-
The regular ppason at the Columbia will
Virgin next Monday with the original Lon
don, New York and Chicago production
of "Quo Vadis." Immediately following
which, enrried out, will place San
Frar.risco theatrically on a level with any
city of its fize in the States.
A BRILLIANT proRrnmme for the
winter season Is "announced by
the managers of the Columbia
Theater, Gottlob. Marx & Co..
SKETCH OF THE YELL CLUB OF THE STATE UNIVERSITY EN
GAGED IN PRACTICING FOR THE GAMES THAT WILL TAKE
FLACE BETWEEN RIVAL TEAMS.
MELVIIXE MARX OF THE CO
LUMBIA. WHO IS PRICPAU
ING FOR HI GUi:CIClPTS.
(Photn by Thors.
Fi-ultvale — P. C. Frederlckson. George Hans,
W. R. Thornnlly. A. Bason. R. Turnbull, A.
C. Fay, J. R. Talcott. A. Lohrsbach. A.
Schroycr. E. II. Merwedel. J. Bieves.
Berkeley — John McCarthy. W. P. Grant.
Clarence Merrill. E. J. Martin. John Foy,
Thomas Rlckard, John Finn, B, F. Arnold,
Charles Hadlen. T. Dowd, J. Hamilton.
Elmhurst-E. G. Stone, F. R. Stover, P.
Nlelson.
Alameda— Hon. John Ellsworth, Captain H.
A. Thompson, W. H. Davis, Hon. Edward K.
Taylor, Hon. J. R, Knowland. George Babcock
George IV Payne. Dr. C. L. Tlsdale, E. R.
Anthony, William Simpson, George R. Miller,
John Brick, W. F. Schulte, . Alex Mackle, J.
S. Forderer, W. R. Poyser. B. M. Lamborn,
J. 1>. Fields, Henry Severing, Georire E. Clark
E. B. Dunning. A. R. Hamlin. W. H. Noy,
Jchn Speback, Phil Klernan, J. C. Bates Jr.,
D. W: Martin.
B. J. Bmith, E. M. Walsh, Alexander Young,
G. W. McNear Jr., A. L. Stone. John L. How
ard. A. W. Coffin. E. A. Heron. W. T. Veltch,
S J, Taylor, Bernard McDermott, William
Blair. William O'Connor, W. R. Hume, A. D
Smith. I. L. Requa. C. W. Kinsey, W. W.
Garthwalte, W. Warnock. W. B. Harlow,
George Calvert. Oscar Stone. C. Pezzola, H. T.
Hempstead. A. E. Coffers, H. Kelton. W. J.
Babcock, A. McAdam. Hugo Llndeman, Wil
liam Joneg, J. C. Williamson. Charles Bon,
Oscar Lunlng, H. K. Geary. J. Pedrlnl, Emily
Nusbaumer, George Morrow, James Powell.
¦William RafTetto, J. D. Newsom. C. B. An
drews, W. W. Jacobs. H. W, Gnrd, H. C. Ellis,
W. J. Hall. Edwin Meese, Herman Muhr, A.
L. Leber, J. McBoyle. Henry Brower, T. J.
Care, D. W. Standeford, R W. Snow, W. B.
Church.
R. O. Baldwin. V. H. rtemmer. J. W. fehank
lln. F. E. BrlRham. C. S. Weston. Eugene Van
Court, T. B. Phebe. B. H. Pendleton. Joseph
Lancaster, Dr. D. D. Crowley, G. R. Babcock,
Dr. F. Paxe, W. P. Wheeler, Dr. It. R. Web-
Pter. W. M. Sack, C. J. Rice. F. M. Parcells.
J. B. McChesney. M. J. Hanley, F. G. Etben,
G. J. Anderson, W. J. Hennessey, S. P. Knight,
Iva A. Underwood. D. Robertson, C. II. Red
ding. J. W. Tompkins. W. G. Palmanteer,
Harry W. Pulcifer. C. C. IJavlson. O. B. Pal
mer. J. S. Burpee. J. L. McVey. W. X. Dlm
mlck, Jesse Storey, Charles W. Kellog*. J. W.
Nelson. V. L. Fortin, J. J. Allen, George W.
Reed, F. S. Baxter. D. J. Mullins. George
Samuels. W. H. L.. Hyn»e. George Fitzgerald.
V. K. Mott. B. C Cuvelller. Ju.ige F. B. Orf
den, A. P. Leach. M. W. Upton, P. W. Be'.
lingnJl. G. S. Meredith. S. Smith. J. H. Egen.
E. Campbell. T. W. le Balllster. Charles S.
Wlghtman. Dr. H. W. French, G. E. Aiken,
H. F. Larrabee, Q. W. Fisher, Dr. W. O.
Buckland, D. C. Borland, Pliny Bartlett, An
son Barstow. Dr. R. G. C. Harmes. Edward
Yateg. William Christen. P. Schlegelmilch. G.
N. Stetson.' O. C. Hyatt. H. N. Dalton. L. S.
Hackett, H. E. Pool. Andrew Johnstone. J. P.
Rohrbaeher. A. A. McKeon. William Long, J.
A. Jackson. A. J. Blarkle. G. R. Ainsworth.
H. W. Watklns, E. E. Wolcott, C. T. Spauld
ing. C. Roach. D. F. McWade. H. E. Long,
J. T. Drew. O. F. Brelltng. F. M. Walsh.
Oliver Llndsey. C. I*. Wines. F. D. Williams.
13. A. Boell. H. C. Morrison, Fred Sandelin, J.
M. Nash. Dr. B. A. Rabe, Hugh M. Fraser,
B. H. Grlffln, Thomas A. Deasy. John P.
Cook. J. B. Greenleaf, B. H. Welch, Dr. W.
J. Wllcox. Frank W. Bllger. W. A. Dow.
Frank R. Thompson. J. Fred Sulberger, John
A. Park, John Yule, Judson M. Davis, Dr.
E. R. Sill, Edward Burley, Dr. R. B. Wil
liams, F. W. Henshaw, George E. Perkins,
Harry A. Melvln, Frank C. Jordan, B. F.
Woolner, Frank Van Uxen. H. W. Crane. Pro
fessor H. Kower. William H. O'Brien. Henry
May, Oscar Rogers. Phil Walsh, Leslie F".
Blackburn, J. J. Allen, M. K. Miller, George
E. de Golta, H. D. Rowe, George W. Frlck
A. L. Frick. Stuart W. Booth.
The parade will form at Thirteenth and
Clay streets, and is expected to start at
7:45 p. m. The line of march will be
Broadway to Sixth street, to Washing
ton, to Twelfth street and to the Taber
nacle.
The Republican Alliance will lead off
with the Young Men's Republican Club,
the Quarter Ontury Republican Club,
the Sixth Ward Republican Club and Kel
ler's Rangers mounted. P. J. Keller,
commander of the Rangers, has Issued
a call to all members to gather, mounted,
in front of the City Hall, prepared to take
part in the parade.
The following vice presidents of the
meeting have been selected:
Oakland— Dr. George C. Pardee, H. A. Powell,
Frank M. Davle, T. F. Barnett, H. Hennlngs,
CwWca H. Gray, E. F. Thayer. R. J. Doyer,
Murray Latdlaw, J. L.. Donnavan, G. L. Yager,
William Watkinson, L. Pchaffer. Tyler Hen
shav. H. C. Ainsworth, F. V. Woods. Dr. J.
M. Stalder. M. Isaacs. W. D. Ford. J. W.
Bankhead. E. F. Holland. Frank Barnett. C.
R. Sloan, Thomas Ford. Ft. Avers. W. S. Har
low. W. D. Hettman. R. W. Church, S. W.
CJetchell. James Sloan, Firm D. Hinds, E. F.
Plainer. K. Farrell, Ed Beaudry, C. N. Fox,
L. G. Wolf. Harry Dennlson. G. W. Austin. W.
Itueter. C. McCarron, Noble Davis, F. W. Lit
tle. William Hyde, F. R. Glrard, F. W. Fry,
C. H. Bradley, Judge M. Smith. Dr. F. S. Bo
dle, D. McCarron, A. L. Hodgklns, G. Angell,
J. O. Paisons, Captain McMenomy, G. B. In-
Kcrsoll. Julius Kuester. Henry C. Kuester. Li.
G. Parker, J. M. Beer, C. F. Wood, J. B. Cruz,
R. S:>aneenbersr. H. Schellhaas, F. P. Me-
Feelty. II. Mohr, J. D. Scanlan, V. P. Mit
chell. Dr. J. L Milton. J. Breen, J. A. Ken
nedy, Dr. H. B. Mehnnann, J. o. Emery, J.
S. Nixon. A. Rercovlch. I... Bercovich. Henry
Menses. Charles L,. Inkier, W. B. Courtney, J.
H. Koster, Eugene Voorhees, Thomas Wil
liams, F. R. Williamson. J. C. Packer. C. H.
Jureens. W. M. Kent, J. W. Tompklns, J. F.
W. Sohst. Julius Conn. Dr. E. S. Barber, Dr.
F. J. Toild. H. Hook, H. K. Snow, H. C. Quel
len. Dr. E. M. Patterson, Dr. P. M. Parsons,
W. W. Moody. F. A. Jordan. Dr. R. L. Hill
Jr.. C. J. Heeseman. H. R. Havens, J. C.
Gibson. Dr. John Fearn, Dr. G. H. Derrick.
John A. Britton. Edward Bernstein.
The parade will be in charge of Frank
Barnett as grand marshal, with J. Cal
Ewlng as chief of staff. Mr. BarneU has
appointed the following aids: R. E. Re
valk. J. C. Bates Jr.. George S. Meredith.
Dr. Joseph Milton, Ray Baker, James G.
Quinn, W. H. L. Hynes, Will Blair, Frank
liilger, E. Farrell, J. Donovan, \V. Ford,
William Hennessey, Dr. O. D. Hamlin. W.
S. C. Schmidt, Dr. Tlsdale, A. A. Rogers,
Charles Klinkner. W, R. Thomas, Judge
Mortimef Smith, James Hawley, William
O'Connell. D. W. Doody, John Slavich,
Sam Bercovich, H. Kvers Jr., L. E.
Beaudry, William Sagehorn, Bert Swan
and J. D. Scanlan.
The Republicans of Alameda County
will hold the first general rally of the
campaign to-morrow (Saturday) evening.
The meeting will be held at the Taber
nacle, and there will be a street parade
beforehand. The meeting will be pre
sided over by W. Frank Pierce, and the
speakers will be United States Senator
George C. Perkins? and E. Myron Wolf of
San Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Oct. 5.
Republicans Will Gather in
Force at the Taber-
United States Senator George C. Per
kins and E. Myron Wolf to
Speak — Street Parade Is
Planned.
OAKLAND OPENS
THE CAMPAIGN
'TWILL BE A GAY WINTER
FOR THE THEATER-GOERS
Fine Programme fir
ranged for the Co
lumbia Seasor).
that will rnme Stuart Robson In last sea
son's delightful new play. "Oliver Gold
smith." Jeffreys Lewis and John E. Hen
shatr are included in his supporting com
pany.
"rank Panie's in "The Ameer" and
Alice Nielsen in "The Singing Girl" and
"Fortune Teller" will offer tribute to the
mislc lovers, and "The Belle of N'pw
Y^rk"— highly praised by London critics—
¦will please those more lightly inclined to
music's charms.
of the h^iivier "legitimate" attractions
Frederick Warde will appear. Louis James
and Kathryn Kidder. "Zaza" is ulso
cr.mU'.p to town with her auburn-aur^oled
exponent. Mrs. Leslie Carter, and "Car
men," done by Olga Nethersole, who will
also plve us "Camille" and "Sapho." be
sides a new play.
Then romantic comedy and drama will
be in the eminently safe hands of Ada
R^han. James EC Hackett, Sara Bern
hardt with Ovjuelin— presenting "Ham
let." "Cyrano de Beigerac" and "L'Ai
glon."
Of another type is the latest Eastern
success. '"Way Down East," which filled
Chicago houses to their utmost capacity
whi'.e the thermometer was exceeding all
previous efforts of the season at elevation.
It Will Include Many Fa
rr)ous People and Fa
mous Plays.
BERKELEY'S LEATHER-LUNGED
REND THE AIR WITH YELLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1900.
J. J. GOTTLOB OF THE CO
LUMBIA THEATER, WHO
EXPECTS A SUCCESSFUL,
SEASON.
(Photo by Thors.
BERKELEY. Oct. 5.— The Bryan and
Stevenson Club will hold a club rally
Saturday evening, October 13. in Ameri
can HaU. Frank Freeman, candidate for
Congress, -will- be the principal speaker.
The club now has. ninety members.
11THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 19OO.
12
KENT— Communicate with if. DAVENPORT^
1015 Market »t.. S. F. BISHOP PON APE.
ALL hair and scalp diseases a guaranteed cure|
dandruff and falling hair cured; gray re-
stored: the Egyptian Titian shade; a harm-
less vegetable compound is In lead; book for
stamp. E. R. DUNLAP. 6 Eddy »t.. 4th flojr.
THE HUDSON RIVEP. CO.. "
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition; fine upholstery;
phone 5309; factory, 313 and 320 Eleventh it.:
first-clans cleaning and dyeing. 12S OTarrell
St.. near Powell, San Francisco.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, employ*
only artistic artistes — result, artistic hair-
dressing always; price 25c; fin« switches
cheaj. 123 Stockton.
ELECTRIC lights in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 JO per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments: $15 upward;
$1 & week, LEON LEMOS. 111? Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth. .
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie »t
SPECULATORS — Consult about sugar, wheat;
Inclose stamp. Astrologer, box 4408. Call.
MME. ADA, the wonderful gifted healer, ra-
mored to 1104 Market St.. offices 3 and 4.
LEDERER 1 3 Qutntonlca Hair Tonic Is Tery
beneficial to the hair; try it; 35c bottle.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. -Nicholas Hotel.
OLD srold, silver, diamonds and pr-clous stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEU S17 Market at.
LEDERER' S Foamo Shampoo cleanses th«
scalp perfectly: nothing like It: 5c package.
KAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotfs curling fiuld: 23c a bottle; druggists.
"WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. £25 Dupont st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair ot Its natural color; fU at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlnsr. old gild and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'3. 508 Kearny st.
PHYSICIANS A\D SlUGEONS.
DR. C C CDONNELL— Office and residence.
1C21H Market st.. between Sixth and 3»vnth.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR. SALE.
$25TcASH, $10 monthly— A nice cottage. 4 larg»
rooms and basemert; also good well and
windmill. Casselt ave... not far from. Eigh-
teenth and C3stro sts.; price. $1400. LTOM
& HOAO. 114 Montgomery St.
A FINE new cottage of I rooms and high fin-
ished basement: all modern Improvements:
large lot. with driveway: cheap: small
amount cash, balance like rent; see owner on
premises. Church and 30th sts. A. KLAHN.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; new; 6 rooms, bath; lot BOx
100: J30C0; terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny »t.
REAL ESTATE — COUATItY — For Sal*
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of th»
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE*
list. More than all other agents In this city.
N. D. S1CKELS. the land agent. 6 Geary st.
FOR SALE OR RENT— Fine fruit, grain and!
stock ranch. 200 acres, near bay. Address
H. P.. box 333S. Call cff.ee.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CITY property and farms sold or exchanged:
lists free. MARIOS GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r.l.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
4 new modern 5-room cottages: B*y 10 per
cent: best location; always rented. Apply to>
A. R. DEXKE SIJ., 1400 Webster St.. Alameda.
BARGAINS ln Improved and unimproved Ala-
meda real estate in all parts of Alameda on
easy terms. Alameda Land Company. 150O
Park st.. Alameda; 20 Post st.. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN: 2 blocks from station; 4 larg*
room. 2 bay-window cottage, bath: foldin*
doors, mantel, pantry, marble wash basin,
large reception hall, brick foundation. 7-foot
basement; cement walk around house; nlc«
flower garden; lot 50xl2S: price S1S0O: J10O cash,
balance $20 monthly; take Berkeley train, get
off at Lorin station. OELLERICH & PER-
KINS. __
. [ imrn
4 URGE room, bay-window cottage ; 7- foot
basement, mantel: well so feet deep; good
pump and tank; barn and chicken house; nicaj
flower garden; electric cars pass door; lot 5U
135: price $1400; $200 cash, balance $15 monthly;
why ray rent when you can buy a home for
the same price as you are paying rent? Taka
Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station.
OELLERICH & PERKINS.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT— San Pablo *T».. a
miles north of Berkeley: $150 to $2M p« r acr«:
]ots $C0 to $i;o each: $5 a month: call for
reaps. «. W. HAIGHT. 401 California St.. S.F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FURNISHED or unfurnished hou>>« of 8 lane*
rooms ami bath; sanitary plumbing; lot 5ox
100: central location. Apply 50? 19th st. Oakld.
OAKLAXV HOUSES TO LET.
LARGE s-room house, furnished; modern: flna
location; reasonable: other bargains at E.
E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway. **
FOR list modern furnished and unfur. dwellings
apply Layrr.«nce Real Estate Co.. 46O-4W Sth.
GOOD houses. Get list from OEO, W. AUS-
TIN * CO. IOCS nroariwar. Oakland.
OAKLAND FU^MTURB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa th«
furniture dealer. Utl* and Franklin. OaklaaJL
BARBER shop of 3 chairs and fixtures for
6ale cheap. 252 Ellis st.
WANTED— A young waiter to work at 12 Ea^t
' street.
GOOD 2-chalr barber shop for sale cheap. 3142
Twenty-fourth st., near Folsom.
10 MEN for merchant ships, all parts of the
world. HERMAN. 2C Steuart st.
ETOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 636 Market St., upstairs.
UNDERPRESSERS wanted on coats, panta
ar.d vests. 541 Market st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
CIFIC GLASS WORKS. 7th and Townscnd.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green handa;
all carts of world HERMAN'S. 25 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, 18
.years' practice: Examiner building.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four-
teenth st.. near. Guerrero.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. . Boston House, 930 Howard st
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms, 15c to 25c night: 75c to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and bag-fcage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
VfllertoiJl St.
HEMORRHOIDS..
PILKS— 300 cures business men» ln San Fran-
cisco: can be seen; no operation; no pain: par-
• tfculars sent. Art. Physlrlnn. box 1950. Call.
HOLS KM TO LKT.
A^PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; Fend for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ASH ave., 220, bet." Van Ness ave. and Frank-
lin st —Fine 2-story sunny house; 6 rooms
and bath: modern Improvements; rent J22 50.
Apply 623 Golden Gate ave.
ALL slzea men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. -1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
WE want 10 honest, industrious men to solicit
in city and county; experience not necessary;
we teach you the business; good contracts for
sober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co.. 300 Post st.. cor. Stockton.
WANTED— In San Mateo. County, sober man;
muet be good driver and understand horses
thoroughly and must be recommended. Ad-
dress box 22"i3', Call offlce.
MAN and wife; $45: short distance. Apply
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
BARBERS* Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Seo., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Man, upright character, to manage
business of established house; $13 per week and
expenses, paid weekly, from headquarters; ex-
pense money ntlvanced; position permanent:
ref. Standard House. 301 Caxton bldg., Chgo.
4 CARPENTERS, . Jobbing shop, 7:30 a. m.
sharp; 8 cabinet makers; leader for planing
mill. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410
Kearny st. ; no fees. .
BARBER shop for sale, In country town, es-
tablished 30 years; a rare opportunity. For
full particulars apply at once to DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. ICC Ellis St.
¦WANTED — Two tailors, a coatmaker and a
pants and vest maker; steady Job. Address
W. II. WALKER. Daken-fleld, Cal.
YOUNG. man of experience (white) to do 'por-
ter work mornlncs in downtown saloon;
wages $1 per day. Box 223S, Call ofnee.
WANTED— A middle-aged man to tend bar;
experience and references required. Apply
454 Sixth st. -
WANTED — Steady man; light, genteel work;
will pay $15 to $18 per week; small capital re-
quired. 1016 Market st., room 10.
WANTED— A barber for Saturday afternoon
r.nd Sunday. 1357 Dupont St., near Green.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 10S
Fourth st \
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1205 Mar-
ket st. •
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday; wages
J4 1>0. 1125 Market st., near Seventh.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1322
Powell st.
WANTED— Young- man to drive milk wagon;
reference. 426 Tenth tt.
NIGHT cashier; ail-around man. 23 Stockton
street. .
BOY wanted. Apply HEYNEMANN, & CO.i
410 Mission Bt. :
TWO barbers wanted from 9 to 9, Saturday;
wages $3. Call 7:30, 66 Second st.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Retail salesman, familiar with groi
eery business; give references. Box 2257, Call.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
BOY wanted. E. C. HUGHES. 511 Sansome st.
COOK, country boarding-house, $40; hotel cook,
$65; dishwashers, city and country: waiters,
country boarding-house, and other hotel and
restaurant help. , J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
A— WANTED y.
2 pruners, fruit trees, $26 and found; 2 men
for winery, $30 and found; 2 woodchoppers,
Etove wood, $3 50 a cord; cook, small boarding
house near city, $40; gardener, near city, $25;
milker, country. $30; 2 laborers for mine,
$1 75 a day. W. D. EWER A CO., 610
Clay st.
2 PRUNERS, $1 day and board; young coach-
man for country, $25, call early; old man
to care for place. $5 and found; washer and
starcher. $30 and found; laundryman and
wife, $60; 2- farmers and wives, $35 and $50;
swampers, $3.1 and board; laborers, $1 day and
beard; teamsters, $1 EO and board; 4 coal
miners. $2 50 day; farmers, milkers, fruit
pickers, grape pickers; 3 , woodchoppers, $3 50
cord, see boss here, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
Ilf£l,t* WASTUI) UALH.
A-vvTN^ii:D~7r7rrrr!7rrTr^
12 prune pickers, Santa -Clara Co.; month's
work; 7Ec a day and board. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay at.
A— WANTED
Laundryman for State institution, short dis-
tance ln country: $25 and found. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— To charter, a vessel of 350 toni.
Apply to H. DAVENPORT. 1015 Market »t-
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 103 Sixth st.: tel. Jessie 141.
.MONEY TO LOAN.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests ln Estates
Undivided Interests ln Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and iliit
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY amount at C per cent; 1st. 2d and 3<i mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no ds*
lay; get my terms before doing business el»«-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. I.
ANY proposition, any amount: < per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates ln probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLPEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
Et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furrlture and pianos without removal :qulck
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
CS and 69, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. .-espectable. private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rotes; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jonea st.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with-
email monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome st. rocm 2.
MONEY on furniture and pianos without re-
moval. St. Ann's building. 6 Eddy, room 72.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party-
low rate. 917 Market st., room 1. *
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 421 California!
ON furniture nnd pianos: no removal- confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO galnrfed people without security: all busl-
neta confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.,
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsslon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan blc.
musical ti.\yruu.ME.vrs.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN'
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of everycrade to select from;
beautiful new uprights, $6 cash. t6 per month.
wrw^: P^t' A f ?- r ' 4 and * 5 veT month.
hHhRMAN, CLAY Jt CO., STEI\W\Y
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth sts.. Oakland. .
A NICE piano for beginners 173
One a little better " e?
One still better " io!»
Fine Hallet & Davis ~£ J^
Klngsbury. slightly used im
Easy payments; Chlckerlng. VoVeT'sVeVllng.
Curtax and other pianos: sheet music and
TAY&'goNrifS'Fa^en"". 8 - CUR "
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
t-J^""^ 8 . ln , an TI 8tar »dard makes from $50 to
fCSo. Agents for Hallet & Davis. Boston' sold-
es j ?P d £" ost fAmous Piano: also Behr Bros.
and 10 other make3. Pianos r»nt- rent allowed
, If purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. J17 Geary.
A r- S ?. UAR § £ lano for sale cheap; leaving city.
Call G. Robertson. 12SA Eighth, fruit store.
N l9 E^ U 5 ri /; h . t plano chea P at DEWING'3.
r looa DUilalnff.
BEAUTIFUL new $100 upright. 3 pedals; will
eel! for IloO or rent $2 50. 342 Kearny st.
BEAUTIFUL large upright piano. 3 pedali; sac-
rifice; leaving ciiy. 324 Golden Gate ave.
A BRANCH ofnce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia • ;.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore St.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731. Folsoni St., between 13th and 14th.
GOOD finisher on pants. 83 Third st.
GIRL about 15 years. CARSON GLOVE CO.,
35 Market st
SECOND girl for upstairs work. 1562 Post
St., near Lacuna.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice: steady work. Call WM. T. VALEN-
TINE. 354 Geary St.
WANTED— An apprentice to learn dressmak-
ing. Apply 710 Polk st.
WANTED — A young German girl for general
housework; $15. S3S^ Harrison Bt.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work: wages 320. Apply at 1025 Devlsadero.
TE" experienced waist and skirt hands at
rooms 124 and 134, Spring Valley building.
MECHANICS — All non-union mechanics, euch
us carpenters, painters, plumbers and other
craftsmen wanting work nt their trades are
requested to register ftt the Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny st., room 9; no
charges or office Iee».
MEN wanted for the United States Navy —
Machinists, first-class, age 21 to 35. pay per
month. $35; machinists, second class, age 21
to 55, pay per month, $40; electricians, third
class, age 21 to 35, pay per month. $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35, pay ' per
month, J25; seamen, age 21 to 35. pay per
month, $24; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 30,
pay per month $19; landsmen, age 13 to 23,
pay per month $16; apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17. pay per month $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to toe free from dis-
qualifying ailments. Machlni3ts must pas3
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination ln electricity, e3pec->
lally on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen mu3t pass an
examination in seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the.
physical examination only. The term of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
re-enlist within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enlistment. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance, are furnished gratis ln addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
large number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
qualified for the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine shlp3 for the
navy will make a large Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large Increase ln the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lowc-r ratings, rlecrults who may be ac-
ceDted will be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel: apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion, San Francisco, Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets,
Enn Francisco. Cal.
SHIRT nnd overall operators. Apply HEYNE-
MANN & CO.. 410 Mission' st.
BIISCKLLAXEOU3 — FOR SALES.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back ban, mirrors, showcases, counter*.
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made:
we can ship everything ln 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FINE suit. *10; dress pants. »3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery rt.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear at.
CALL' and examine what I have for sale: a
savlnrr of EO per cent on store prices. UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
STEEL TANKS, airsiz-s; suitable for water or
oil: cheap; all shapes: second hand. II. S.
WHITE. Bit Mission St.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, 2-drlll
air compressor. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
FOR SALE— Cheap. |65, M. D. steel range, ln
f rst-class condition. 226 Sixth st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; Id hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, ill Post st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stktn.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burclar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— New Ihd second hand; all slz«s. T1IH
WALTZ SAFE. 109-1U Market st.. San Fran.
BUSCE1J*AJIEOOS WA3IT3.
GOOD woolen spinners. Call at once BROWN
, BROS. & CO.. 121 Sansome St. .
FOR Seattle— First-class pantsmaker. Call 310
Bush st.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.^
A PHOTOGRAPH BUSINESS AT GRAND
.BARGAIN. ¦•' ££
Grocery and bar; largs stock; must sell.. J.00
lleetaurant. near Powell; fine trade £>0
Delicatessen store; large stock 12W
Kestaurant: best ln city 1003
2 candy stores: one $650; one J™
Saloon; cost J1W0; price 300
100 other bargains. DECKER. 1029 Market St.
LIST YOUR FTO'RE OR BUSINESS PLACE.
CITY OU COUNTRY REAL ESTATE WITH
ME I CAN SELL OR EXCHANGE FOU
YOU. MY COMMISSIONS ONLY 3 PKU
CENT. I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CON-
TRACT. II. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET.
$500-Barber shop, cigar & Jewelry store com-
blned. Add. E. E. Slmonds. Boulder Creek.
PLUMBING shop stock, shop tools, horse and
wagon for sale; in good location. Address
box 440L Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALU.
9 ROOMS: Jones St.; bargain $230
J4 rooms: Golden Gate ave.; a snap 600
15 rooms; Mission St.; at your own price..
5S rooms; best corner ln city; very cheap. .3009
109 rooms; Market st; eure fortune 4200
Inspect our lists. We have some bargains
and are dotnjr the trade. Come ln and see us.
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy St.. cor. Market.
I LODGING-HOUSE buyers attention— Houses at
1 reduced prices; genuine bargains: sizes and
location to suit: money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. 917 Market St., between Fifth
and Sixth; phone 1311.
i A «PEOIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
; KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary «t.
$700 cash for 50 rooms: new: Installments.
J-300 for 14 rooms; Geary: S35 profit.
UZ0 only for 14 rooms; Post; worth $300.
31. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room 1.
89 room*; Income $250 monthly $2000
21 rooms; corner: all front: a bargain.... 1200
IS rooms, 9 furnished: 5 b!ks N. Market.. 125
200 houses for eale; list free; please call.
i A— 22-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
j 20-room house; first-class 1050
11-room house: J475: 6-room fiat 225
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
A — 30-ROOM hotel; modem: largo lot; 2 stores;
always full; on main business street ln Ala-
nieda: $7500: very easy terms. Apply A. M.
SPKCK ft CO.. CC7 Market et.
I A-FL'nXISHED house of seven rooms for
! sale: rent of hou?e very cheap; rooms all full.
I A.i^ly i:i3 Stockton st.
i WONDERFUL: bargrvlr.— S-room house: hand-
! somely fur. M. A. Brooks. 12 Golden Gate av.
1 J!2.'. RUTS lo^citifC-bousp. 10 rooms, all rented;
i n l rt j;2 50. Including water. 1CS Second st.
CAKKIAGKS AM> WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons. burc!««s. carts, hnrnrss.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, nlso light '
'¦ camping wagon, for sale ch»ap. 532 Mission. |
NEW & Sd-hand wagons, buggies, carts & liar- '
! ness, work & driving horses. 13th & Valencia-
i SPOXCES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st.
i spiniTiALisr.i.
I ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
'. spiritual medium; advice ln all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
ratrd; mininpa specialty: c!rs.Sun.,Wed.,Frl. j
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently) ;
i £13 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign. ;
MRS. KOTTEU. 34 Sixth ft., circle to-day. 2 &
S p. m. ; lCc; sittings dally; G., $1; L., 50c.
J1P.?. LESTER— Circles Sun., Tues., Fri. eve..
10c; rcadir.es daily. 200 Turk st., room 4.
SANTA TERESA, th» Mexican healer, removed
to 1C10 California st.
MEDIUM and palmist, reading 25c this week;
satisfaction guaranteed. 1233 Market st., r. 5.
MISS SOPHIA SKIP— Sun. at S and daily read-
ing, fth & Mkt. Ft?.. Oakland. People's HalL
MME. MAJORS, rlfter spiritual medium,
l-.ealer and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. dally; convinc'g tests to-night. 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. bUFl-
r.ess medium, life reader: sittings tl. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIUVOYAXTS.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, te'.ls past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
swrrt; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market et.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
nailer, born with double veil & second si^ht.
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c;
gpr.t $1; palm. & clalr. sit. U I'J. IK Turk st.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gyp*y clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
Cth; private r<-adiiiEH daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. PANDEHS. 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
i —Clairvoyant, ralmlst and business medium;
j ladies' circles Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Frt.. 8; cir. 25c.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs ln life: satisfaction guar-
anteed: 2,1c up. 17 Third st, next Examiner.
MME. ZERFDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 23c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. K. M.I DUVALL. clairvoyant and healer, :
dlaenoses diseases. 425 Golden Gate ave.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium, card;
reader. 25c up. S23 Mission st.. nr. 4th; no sign.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader. mov-?d to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
"CONSULT WATSON." 15S1 Market Et., nr!
12th: -'famous medium, palmist": 25c and 50c
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings daily. 212H Sixth Ft.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. t Fourth st.
CARPET ItBATIXG AM) CLKA.M.NO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing WcrJcs. 352-257 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
J. JZ. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 2i ! J Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H. '
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 Sth et. ; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 4c.
fVTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 314.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 102 Sutter et.;
I tel. Main 331. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
j CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Oste ave.: telephone East 12G.
CHIROPODISTS.
I BUNIONS, lncrcwn nails, corns, absalute cure, 1
I f.a In !•¦£¦: cor.sult'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Butter.
1 —
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE XV. KELLY'S Agency— No cnarse un-
lees Fucceseful. Room 310. 927 et.
DENTISTS.
ATthe ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINICr809~AIart
ket Bt.. cor. 4th.. rrn. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have jour extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
! 13 50 up; plates, extractions free, {4 SO up; of-
j flc«> hours, 9 a. n. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 0 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
J EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
j and fillings extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice, free; prices
oh«-aposl and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE \V. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
j A NEW plate, the unbreakable, Ro*e Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns ar.d brldge-
xverk teeth without a plate; filling*. 50c.
! crowns, $3 50: plates, full eel. JS 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
i • lors. 24 Sixth et.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. Consult
us on crowns and bridges. Teeth extracted
roslti\-ely and absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free; plates. J5; crowns, $3 50;
bridre work. 13: all the latest methods for
painless dentistry: hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Derstnl Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
I DR. LI7DLUM HILL, 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
I —No chanre for extracting when plates are
I made: old plates made over like new; teeth
i from SS per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
; DIt. WALSH. 813*i Geary, nr. Larkln— Painless
1 extraction 50c; plates $3 up; Tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices ln S. F.; j>aln!es» extraction,
50c. New York Dentists. SC9 Mission, cor. Cth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 135 Kearny. cor. Bush—
; Full set of «eeth. *4: crowns. $3; fillings, . 25c.
J VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
j days. 1001 Market Kt.. corner Sixth.
BET o? teeth without plate. DR. H. G_
YOUNG. 18-41 Polk «t.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmor-^
j Advice and medicine. 75c: city visits. $1 50; all
Animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
j DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills,
I by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
mtttSSMAKKUS AND S12AMS I'ltttSSKS
j ACCORDION pleating factory; all klndiTpleat-
! ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School:
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
E. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
j llnery School; French system, ill Van Ness.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply between 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, the London
Tailor, 721 Market Bt. .
WANTED — Sober, strong woman for general
housewcrk. Apply £26 Harrison St., near
First.
WANTED— Competent girl for second work and
arslst with waiting; references required. Call
between 1 and 2 at 1421 Sutter st.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman to do gen-
eral housework ln family of 2; short distance
from city; anstver, giving wages expected and
references. Box 224S, Call offlce.
WAITER wanted. 560 Howard st.
BOOTBLACK. 28 Ellis St.
DISHWASHER; sober, competent and willing
to work. Apply early at 443 Third st.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss &. Co.'s factory,
32H Fremont St.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
GOOD night dishwasher wanted. 1S4 Third it
CAST-OFF
send post.
"WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO., Harrison ave.. between Seventh aud
Eighth sts., off Folsom.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of ths human body. 115 Mason st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market »t
FKIISO.VALj.
rALMisTny.
hTjEROMB^FOSSELLI, scientific palmist^
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; te{. Black 561.
MME. NEEROAARD has removed to 700 Post-
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 81S Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 103J Market— Ladles' special-
ist: home ln confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. WrETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
offlce, J5; any ailment; consultation free con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure {5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home: low fees. 1007V& Market St.. near Sixth.
DR. G. W. O"DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed ln San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1C23<4 Market it.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 957 Market st.. cor. Sixth;
reliable ladles' specialist; home treatment, fo,
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladles treated
at ofnce can return home the same day: pri-
vate home before and durins confinement;
beet medical care; hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market— Ladles'
specialists; S2 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladtes treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MEDICAL.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
C8I1. corner of Market and Third streets, open
er.tll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
ccmer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
fCO Hayes etreet; open until S:SO p. m.
CS McAllister rtreet: open until 9:30 p. ra.
f:5 Lsrkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. ra.
"S41 Miss-ion street; open until 10 p. m.
ICC1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cats * t>. m.
ICC Eleventh street: open until * p. m.
JCOC Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. in.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turkr street*; cri?n until > p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. «
M .— Spec'ril meeting THIS (SATUP.- _,#%_
PAY) EVENING, October 6, at 7 jL>\
o'clock. First Oegree. ' ~
THEO E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Ixvlfr* No. 1<2». F. and A. M.— ft
Called meeting THIS (8ATCBDATJ JfK^
EVENING. 8t 7:30 o'clock. Second )£>C
d-Srry. GEO. D. FLACK. Sec. / *
I>ORIC Lo<Jge No. 216. F. and A. M.— ¦
BpeeUl mftinc THIS (SATURDAY) -^U
EVENING, at l.Zi o'clork. First de- }LJ\
= rw. Jlawns are cordially Invited. ' hT j
liv order of the Worshipful Master.
3. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having Te-
ce;ved applications to mine by the hydraulic 1
process from the Pewey Consolidated Gravel j
M'nlng Company, ln the Homeward Bound. |
Evenlrr Star ar.d Morning Light mines, near
Icwa H:I1 Placer County, to deposit tailings
ir. Indian Csnyen: from Mary E. Ruth et ais..
In the Puckeye mine, near North Fan Juan.
Nevada Cour.ty. .to deposlf tailings ln a
worked-cut pit: from the RnlMon Divide Gold
Mlnir.* Corr.rany. ln the Pat Gorfins and
Blacksmith Flat mines, near Vlrrer. Placer
County to drp'-iyit tailings '.n Lorir Canyon:
from Nathan Gardiner, in the f-'idney placer
rr.'.ne. near Ir". Shasta County, to deposit
taiiir.jrs in Fidney Gulrh. and (mm A. \\ .
Whitney and C. T. H^pler, ln the Miocene
rr.irie near Crescent Mills. Plumas County,
to deposit ta'llnirs in Rush Creek, gives notice
that a meetir.c will be held nt room T,9.
Flood buililr.s. Fin Francisco. Cal.. on Oc-
trber lo. 19C0. at 1:33 p. m.
6T«~K"KHOLDF.R=' MEETING— Notice is hereby
riven that :he annual neeting of the Mork-
r.rlders of THE HANK OF CALIFORNIA >
Will be be!d at the banking house in this city j
rr. TCK6DAT, October 9. 1900. at 11 o'clock j
a. ro. By order of the Board of D'rectors. 1
AtLKX M. CLAY. Secretary. |
AGKXTS WAXTKD.
AGENTS— Best line of holiday books. also ;
"Galveston Horrors'- and "Chinese Uaaaa- ;
cres": outfit free; boFt lerms. H. R. PAT- ,
TEHPON. O Montgomery st. !
AGENT> of ability ar.d experience in life Inmi- !
gnre. Call at room 101. 1)37 Market, wir Sixth. I
VTR handle rawest novelties for npents. PA- !
CIFIC AGENTS' PUPPLY CO.. '401 :Sth ft.
ASI'HALTISI KOOKJVfi.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, p'.dewalks; cellar j
floors laM. repaired; postal. llEfi Mlffion st.
ASTRO LOG V.
TOUR future scientifically calculated by As-
trologer E. S. GKEEN. 1S04 Market; M floor, j
MME. MICKEY, r.strc'.opist: card reading and j
palmistry. 2Ze; hcrceeopes cast. 1J33 Mission. 1
DP.. C. T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer, com- |
rutec horo'cor* 1 * \'Y Ptolemy method. 765 Mkt. I
ATTOHMilSi AT LAW.
It. W. KING, attorney et law. P^T Market st., i
?v>:>m <£7; estates, damages, attachments. J
bankruptcy, collections; all cayos: fair fee*;
ro advance charges; money lcan«d on estates, j
ADVICE fret-; fiivcrce law a specialty; privet*; j
no fee without suc-ess; collection?. G. AV. •
HOV.E. atty at law. f50 Market, cor. Stockton. '
FREE advice: Oivrrce laws, damapes. estates, j
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 2H Montgomery. J
ADVICE free: ni charsrc nnien successful. tV. ;
W. Davidson. 617 Market St.. opp. Mason.
!.. P. CLARK, r.mma Ppreckels bid)?.. 327 Mar- 1
ket st.: r^F-jitatinn free: tio fees In advance. ;
XI ATM CAUIXKTS.
IIOBIXSON 5". 4-panel fo'dinir; door opens: firm
,nM rafe. \Y. P. BRdW.V. pen. a*t.. 42C Ellis. ;
I»LSIM» CUAACK5.
A— t4-V: RESTAURANT and oyster house; j
,!os<> to Hall of Justice; daily leceipts 430; ;
owner matt peU nr take gocd partner, cause i
j-k'knrts. .S«e K. G. IV1LK1E, ICfi Kearny.
A-fv; BtrrCSUEB shop, with horse and cart, ;
in rwst location of Western Addition: place I
¦ •ftaljlls-hed for years and <'^infc a nrst-class j
: wsincss; a siilen-iid chance for any man. .
Call I'.. G. WILKE, y/-t Kearny st. j
A— 3440: UUTCHKK shcx> on Valencia St.; !
monthly receipts .... -:t J1200; relline 4 cattle I
:*r w.-tk: low rent; pood bustacss. Call K. :
<;. CTILKK. VP& Kearny ft.
A— (3M: STATIONERY, notions and branch ;
l-akery: i- living rooms; cheap rent and a
pood raying bustr.ess. Call H. G. WILKE. !
. «H Koamy et. J
A-$«uO; RESTAUP.ANT on Valencia Et.; rent j
5U, or with 7 furnished roorcs, $7<j0 - rent $45 ;
for a!I: cood place: death cf child cause o£ ¦
ccfUar: a barsain. See K- O. WILKE, 26"^ j
Kearr.y Et. I
A -st3B: HESTAUKANT. 2 blocks north of !
Chronicle buildirc: flrst-cla*s prices; rent ;
I^UFln«4« encasements..: Qfcll B. G. WILICE. '
;C'i Kearny tt.
>— 11400; SALOON established many years; j
half a Mock north cf Mascn and Market: ;
rent ITS: a first-class, paying place; partners ¦
rnn't O57W cause of sale. S*e R. G. WILKE. ¦
jeii Kearny Bt.
/.-JllOi.: CORNER grocery ar.d bar: choicest-
location in the Mission: rent iZJ: t living '
rooms; rlao* established years; owner, a I
¦44SW, wants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE, t
2€ 1 S Kcp.rr:y ft.
A-SAY. FISHFU & CO.. have you lodging- !
bosses? Ye?. What price? JSOO up. any 3o- j
•-atinn fealred: 32 room*. riOO: 10 r'K>rr.s>. M5S: '
1<1 ro.-.ms. new. JrvYi. nne; 20 rooms, bargain.
5Tr/t; 37 nr.s.. jrw'-''. map: el! firep. all prices, '.
all new bargains; cnii and see r.s. 1012 Market. :
A— HOTEL? best lo"atlon; money maker: call '
at once. COWING & CO.. Tl» Market St.
A— MILK ranch: city limits; established 15 :
years: m'j^t ieU. COWING & CO.. 713 Market, j
A CORNER '-aloon: good location: this Is aj
bargain. COWING * CO.. 719 Market st.
S4«W — FIN!" candy and ice cream parlors ln i
heart of city; splendli fixture?; gocd busi- |
ness; living rooms. LANE & CO.. 5X3 Market. '
F<~>R honest business propositions of all kinds
or kf'.I your busine** quickly for cash call
r,n LANE & CO.. KS Market st. :
S.-.r^O-UESTAUP-ANT. delicacy and bakery-
central; doing fine business. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
TO-DAY only— Oil sto«-k In three best com-
r-anies. at ijreat Bacrince; make offers. FOW-
J41S Call buMdlns.
JinOO-ONE-HALF Interest in branch offlce at
Feattle. Warh.; main office located in this
cits': will fruarantee an average of 1125 per
month to purchaser: if either one Is dlEsatie- J
fi>d at the end cf six months will pay pur- I
<hn<=er Jl'M r*r month and give him JIOOO for',
the return of his interest; purchaser required j
to tr.ke full charge: short hours. Address
l>ox ICCT. Call office. !
SJ.-.CO— FOrt rale— Hair-interen in first-class
mon^y-making business; suitable for lady or
gentleman; K">0 cash and $700 to be raid out
<t profits: Jl"n stock on hand: the purchaser
can retain 5400 to extend the business; the j
purchaser must take entire charge, tne own- '
(¦r'e time is otherwise engared; open to ln- j
vcftlgation, Addreys box 2274. Call offlce. |
J<50— CIGAR, periodical, notion store; well es- !
tabilshed: bc-t location: across bav: pwl j
tnielnef* for man and wife, liox 22J5, Call. I
¦tt'ANTED—Partner for restaurant business;
small capital required; lady preferred. Bo»
4152. Call office.
A BARGAIN: corner grocery, with bar- cash
hufiness; Mission district: no cgents; terras
cauh; 1nve«t!catlcn Invited. Box 413.1. Call.
S:*fl<3 INVESTED In Jepltimate business pay*
SO per cent yearl.v; no scheme; Investigate I
Box 2*T.S», Call offlce. " !
FALOON for Ra!e; half cr as a uhoie~i»
Wafh'.TiSton et. j
JJAKERV— 1101 Howard Pt. : store and 2 rooms- -'
frafce oven, with large basement; rent cheap! i
OAKLAND rocminc-hous*. Si rooms- payj '
handsomely; rirht downtfrara: forced iais-
owner Rolns away: only R30: pay sirs per
month net profit. GTCO. W. AUSTIN & CO
:os Rro»<3n-ay. Oakland. "
I«..n— 72-CHAIR nftaurant; feed SO to 100 at '
neon: everything new; half down, rest on easv i
terms; one month's rent ndvanced; rents for '
(30: a bargain for restaurant man; cause
sickness. €50 Fourth »t.
WILL Rive half of fir*t month's wage* to i'«rty
scouring rne a position at some kind cf night
work: not o\'cr* 8 hours at JiO per month.
_Box_2C«. Call. j
fi.-CO— GHOCERY and fruit store; good-p«jlng
business ; pouth of Market; good location; 1
jirejent owner, there S years, wishes to sell j
on account tf other business. Box 2278. Call. ,
riXELT «?<julpx>ed business oollere, located In
Stockton, Ca!., for pale or rent. Write to '
C. E. DOAN. Stockton, Cal.
FOR sale— Philadelphia Oyster Houae; 50 Sev-
enth «.. opp. new postofflce building: selling:
business on account of sickness. '•
VAJJOABLZ Canadian patent of interest to
loundrynuT.. Eox 2J<L Call. I
MUSICAL IXSTnUMEXTS.
DON'T fall to see the beautiful Decker & Son
baby grands Just received at SIAUVAIS'. 783
Market st. They *re the best ever shown la
the city. •
A RELIABLE piano can be bought only from
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO. Is such a house. Their address is
7G9 Market st.
NO matter what you want In the line of mu-
sical goods, you can always do best at MAU-
VAJS'. 7E9 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou*»
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
23 and 33 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs ana
a'.l other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing' possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer. _^^^_^____^_____
VIOLIN strings; never wet: best in th« world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
A BARGAIN: must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 1C McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank
BE In the swim: rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 5M Hayes st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 533 Market St.. 4 elegant uj>-
rlghts at your own prtce^
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Speil-
man and other pianos. 30S Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and nerw. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos; $5 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BF.UENN, 20S Post st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. C01-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for stor-
age; $50 up. Wilson Storage, 1710 .Market st.
CHEAPEST and beat ln America— Th« "Weekly
Call, 16 pares, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE elerant store and basement: 593 Valen-
cia St.. near 21st; business center; suitable
for any business.
$15— STORE 2 rooms, cellar. 823 Bryant st..
between First and Second sts.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5S48
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
....' WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE.... WE SHIP EVERYBODY.... FREE
..To all parts of California, Utah, Nevada..
NUMBER. WANTED AT. WAGES.
154— Nevada, Truckee, Lake View.. $41 and fd
16— Los Angeles, Santa Barbara $2 day
24— Redding, Shasta, Fresno $190 day
IIS— Surf. Soda Springs, Salt Lake $2 day
C4— Dlxon, Elmlra and Bakersfleld...$l 70 day
IC3— For nineteen different divisions.. ..$2 day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
A— CARPENTERS R. R. Work. .Free Fara
steel bridge men free fare
harness-maker, ranch $3j and ra
blacksmith helpers $2 day, $10 week
boys for machine and boiler shops
LUMBER FILERS— See boss here......
10 men to pile lumber, no experience required,
for large mill and lumber company; see boss
at our offlce to-day; good wages •••
10 lumber pliers, north * w
150 teamsters and laborers, city and country.
$1 75 to $2 25 a day •••• ••••:
10 scraper teamsters $40 and f4
43 farm, orchard and vineyard hands. $26 and
$30 and found •••• • • ' V V j
15 milkers, choremen, etc $25 to $So and Id
farmers and wives vegetable gardeners
14 ranch teamsetrs $26 to $3o and fu
25 drillers ....wheelsrs brick setters
stablemen, hostlers and buggy- washers; pri-
vate family man
stenographer and typewriter,- country.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St. i
A— MAN and wife for Institution; wife as cook;
man to do chores
cooks, city and country hotels, restaurants.
boarding-houses, eto $40 to $50 and fd
polishers, washers and Gtarchers. $30, $35 & fd
baker, country shop; second hand and boy for
bakeshop nurse. $3»
butchers ...handy man for printing office
waiters, dishwashers, etc.: ranch cooks.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO MM GEARY ST.
Free fare Railroad Work Free fare !
100 teamsters and laborers, State of Nevada,
$2 a day <
100 laborers for S. P. Co., on different divi-
sions, regular wages
100 laborers for rock crusher and ballasting
gang for S. P. Co. at Truckee. regular wages.
Fee $1 Ship Dally Free Fare
20 laborers for S. P. Co. work at Surf, Santa
Barbara County; regular wages; Free Fare..
6 swampers for the woods, $35 and found,
half fare advanced, see boss here this morn-
ing: 8 laborers for a dam. $2 CO a day; 10
grape pickers, Sonoma County. $1 a day and
board; 6 railroad carpenters, $3 a day. Free j
Fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook. $50; head cook, $73; 2 second
cooks. $50; broiler, $30: young man as assist-
ant broiler. $40; 3 second cooks, $40; third
cook for mine, $35; dishwasher for mine, $30;
pantryman for Nevada, $40 and fare_ ad-
vanced; shampooer for Turkish bath, north,
$40
Experienced hotel runner, $40; hotel run-
ner. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
FOREMAN for a 6heep ranch. $40 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
MAN about place, country, no milking. $25
and found; see party here 9 o'clock. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Oeary et.
WANTED— 10 upholsterers for rough work. 473
Halght st.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop at 213
Sansome Et.
BOY to drive butcher wagon. Call 1612 Post
street.
WANTED— Middle-aged man or strong boy to
work on chicken ranch. 18 Montgomery ave.
LUNCH waiter wanted steady. MRS. T.
• CROWE. 606 Twentieth St., Potrero.
BOY ln wholesale house, about 14 years; state
wages expected. Box 2I6S, Call offlce.
WANTED— Man to clean up mornings for room
rent. 242 Kearny 3t.
KELP WANTEn— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
• Waitresses to register now for best hotels ln
Southern California: S waitresses, commer-
cial houses.. $20 and $25; 2 wal tresses, . city.
S20: restaurant waitress, $6; chambermaid to
watt, $20; pastry cook; woman cook, $30, and
many others
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Mlddle-oxed ¦ woman as housekeeper , for
widower and 2 children, $20, see party here:
Invalid's nurse, must read well. $25; young
nerson for Alameda. call early: housegirl.
choice place on ranch, Martinez. $20; 3 cooks,
city and country, 130; choice place for sec-
ond girl. Grass Valley; $20 and fare paid: 2
German second girls, city, second girl, Berke-
ley. $20; mother and daughter, $50; house-
girls, second girls, nursegirls. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish houseglrl, small Ameri-
can family, city, $20, $25, seo party here, no
offlce fee. C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 104 Geary.
ONE dozen housegirls for very choice places.
American families city. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, $30, no wash, sleep home; 4
cooks, plain wash, ?30; nurse and second girl,
$25; French nurse, $25; waitress, hotel, $25,
nice place; 2 cooks for men, $30; cook for
lunch house and bakery. $30 and found: 3
laundresses and chambermaids, $30; hand
laundress $30: 6 second girls, $20; cook, $30;
second girl, $20. same house; a large number
of housegirls, $20, $23, city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, $35; nurse for Oakland. $30; 3 nurse
girls, city, at $25 each. Apply MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— A lady of experience and refine-
ment, to assist in light housework, who can
give personal Interest and motherly compan-
ionship to a young married woman. Address
D. J. S., 132 McAllister st.
WANTED— Danish, German or Swedish girl
for general housework; good wages; no wash-
lng. Call between 1 and 5 at 1126 Hyde st.
FIRST-CLASS lady corset solicitors; excellent
garment; salary or commission. Address box
2267, Call offlce.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER BROS., 18 First St.
EGPERIENCED finishers and apprentices on
pants. E. H. LEVY, S13 Market st.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear, to work
ln factory. 723 Market St., room 35.
APPRENTICES wanted on ladies' ustferwear.
723 Market St., room S5. "
WANTED— An experienced nurse girl with
references, at 930 Eddy st., near Gough.
G!RL to wait at table; restaurant. 233 Sixth
street.
WANTED— Girl for candy store: experience not
necessary. Call at 1S7 Seventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; light housework;
small wages; good home. 15^4 Grand ave.
WANTED— A good girl or woman for light
housework; wages $10 or $12. 223B Twelfth et.
GIRL or woman: general housework; small
family; $20. 1040 Ellis st.
GIRL or woman to assist ln respectable family.
1915V4 Golden Gate ave.
NEAT girl for light housework, help with chll-
dren; $10. Call after 11 at 5 Columbia square.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market rt. ; day
and evening; Individual Instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 23 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
end Is the best In S. F. ; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping:: full course, $50; catalogue.
IIEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. V. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guftgres, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
and nlsht sessions; new SO-page catalogue tree.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.; registration,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
oolleRe?: references. President Jordan or. any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 305 Larkln
Bt., cor. McAllister; four lessons a week. $3 a
month"; also private. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. In college not equal to S wks. with me;
K3. TARR. expert aecnt., 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessens by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students hut two taking full course thl3
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, meeh. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1SG4.
VAN PER N ' TLLEX SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night Class. 424 Pine st.
FRENCH.Spanish.ete.Prof.PeFtllppe'sAcademy
of Languages.320Post:estab'dlS71; ablest profs.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 203 Larkln st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $3 mo. 1C2* Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
KMIM.OY.MKNT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years: all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; Telephone Cush 135.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 541 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help-. 313 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1S90. 1C26 Oak: tel. Page 647.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic sen-. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 378.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806^ Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMKXT WAKTED — rEMALH.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the riay. $1 60; will take work homo; per-
rcct fit. guaranteed. Address 238 Ellis St.,
'•furrier?."
ELDERLY American woman will go out as
housekeeper, cooking, washing and taking
cere of children; references given; wages $10
to $13; no postals. 250 Tehama st.
SWEDISH girl, first-class cook, wishes situa-
tion in American family in city: wages $30
to J23. Address box 22G0, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by mlddle-aeed German
lady as working housekeeper; no objection to
children. Call CS-76 Ellis et.. room S9, 1 to 3.
RELIABLE young lady desires a position as
laily's nurse; terms reasonable. Address SH
Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG lady stenographer wishes a position;
wages $3 50 per week. Box 2283, Call offlce.
WOMAN' wishes washing and cleaning by the
day. Call 211 Fourth st., bet. 9 a. m.. 3 p. m.
NURSE girl desires a position; can furnish
city references. Box 1S45. Call.
COMPETENT dressmaker: cood fitter and cut-
ter; $1 60; dresses remodeled: quick worker.
Address 4441 Twentieth St., near Eureka,
LADY wishes work by th«» day either wash-
Ing or housecleanlnc. 2i3 Minna Et., near
Third.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
house, window or office cleaning. Call or ad-
dress L. ANDERSON, 1202 Mission St.. room 3.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms.; 25c to JI £.0 night, $1 50 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED cdvertisements and subscriptions
recel\-ed at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S0
¦Valencia st.
EMPLOVMEOT WANTED 31 ALE.
COACHMAN and man of all work wants place:
single; go anywhere; best reference*. Ad-
dress box 2254. Call offlce.
STEADY young man (26) seeks a position at
anything where there is no Sunday work.
Box 22CC, Call : '
COACHMAN— Situation wanted by sober. In-
dustrious man; thoroughly competent. ED
AUSTIN, Menlo Park. Cal.
JAPANESE tailor wants position ln family to
do general needle work as a school boy. Ad-
dress O. K.. 1229 Pine st.
WANTED — Position as practical nurse; re-
spectable and strictly sober. Box 2264, Call.
MAN and wife wants place; man good cook,
wife all-round help: boarding-house, camp or
Institution: city or country. A. R., 628 Jessie
St.. off Seventh.
WELL-EDUCATED Japanese, neat, good ref-
erences, wishes situation; wages no object,
but wants plenty time to study. Box 2249,
Call ofnce.
YOUNG barkeeper wants situation In first-class
6aloon; willing to work for small wages. Ad-
dress box 2247. Call offlce.
A YOUNG Japanese, earnest boy, wants fIuiu-
tlcn as general help in family; city or coun-
try. N. SATO, £64 Stevenson st.
YOUNG man, fair writer, who understands
bookkeeping, desires position where reliabil-
ity and trustworthiness would be recom-
mendations; reference: security. Box 223?,
Call office.
YOUNG man, well educated, desires position in
store or manufacturing concern: understanOs
the drug trade; can alve Al references and
security. C. J. SHILLING. 13S1 Valencia st.
HARDWARE salesman of 6 years' experience
desires position ln city or country; flrst-clasa
references. Box 2244, Call offlce.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmoro.
EXI'KUT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
INVEST your money ln manufacturing; safe,
profitable; $200 lowest amount accepted: com-
pany organizing; 6 % guarantd. Box 2250, Call.
WANTED— Loan $000 for 6 months, $50 preml-
um; rccond mortgage; city property. Box
2252. Call offlce.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sole call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO., E04 Parrott building. >
V.'ANTED-$20,oio at 7 per cent of, first mort-
gage. Box 2229. Call offlce.
KLATS TO LET.
EDDY. 430— New flat of 7 rooms.
ES7H HAYES— Flat of 3 rooms; bath and yard-
new plumbing; rent $S.
IF you want to move Ret printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 10 Montgomery.
I'LATO iO 1-KT KCJt\ISIli;o.
FELL. Ill— Four nicely furntshedTooms-'baTh'
eunny yard.
PLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished flat or apaTtments; four
or five rooms and bath; must be good loca-
tion. Answer, with terms, box 3732 Call
office.
FUKMTUKK KOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for US CO. with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUIIN ITUKE WANTKJV
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets
plano». etc 1135 Market St. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOIXPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. ¦ 743 Mission.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk t94-
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cosh.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpet*. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3SG3.
HORSES, LIVK STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, busaries,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ONE fine saddle horse, also one work horse. 6
years old and sound, Just from the country,
for sale cheap. 615 Ellis st.
liT HEAD of drivinc and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 67 Minna St.. be-
tween First nnd Second.
LOST AXU KOtlM*.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savtnss
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln the
name of NICHOLAS MURPHY. No. 97.143.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Brlndle and white greyhound dog. Re-
turn to E. D. FALLON. Eighteenth and San
Bruno ave.; reward. *
LOST— Oct 1, commutation ticket marked W.
REMMERS. Return to ferry building.
MASSAGE. '
EMILY SEGSWORTH. assistant to Dr. A. B.
Wlllcox, scientific masseuse, room 40. St.
Ann's biilldlnz: hours. 9 a. m. to 13:30.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.James McNelll Whistler was once palnt
ln>? a portrait of a distinguished novelist,
who was extremely clever, but also ejt
tremely Ill-favored. When the portrait
¦wan finished the sitter did not seem satis
fled with it. "You don't seem to like It "
Whistler said. The sitter confessed that
he did not and sajd !n self-justlflpatlon
"You must admit that It Is a bad work of
art."' "Yes.", Whistler replied, "but I
think you must admit that you are a bad
work of nature."— Chicago Xews,
Nature at Fault.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg- and Plymouth.
Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Auguste Victoria, from
Hamburs. .Southampton and Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 5^-Etmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton
for New York. :
BROWHEAD— Passed Oct ft-Stmr ' TJmbrla,
from New York, for Queenstown. .
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Kaiser
Frlederich, ; from New York, via Plymouth.
NAPLES— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Kaiser Wll
helra II, from New Yorli, for Genoa.
-..-._¦ ¦-¦ — ¦ ¦ - - — — . — — ¦- — ,,--¦;. ¦'¦/ . . '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 6— Ship Star of
Italy, for Port Plrie.
PORT TOWNSEND^-Arrlved Oct 5— Schr O
W Watson, from Kahulul.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
• Friday, October 6.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, . >
Btmr Coqullle River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Tillamook, Hushes. .
Br stmr Carlisle City, Paterson, Seattle.
SAILED.
Friday, October 5.
Bark Annie Johnson. 20 days from Hllo.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
H Gates. Rio Vista
H Hickman. Cal
F Kahn. Oakland
E K Taylor, Alameda
G S Nuttine & w, Cal
E F Beck & w, Cal
J N Bailey, Helena
P ir Mack, Cal
Mrs L D H Draes, Cal
A J Wells, N Y
J C Yates & w, Oakld
P O Ostrum, Cal
J Gardiner. N Y
J N Rush, Rio Vista
J Mc^udden, Vallejo
Mlsa'McCudden, Valljo
Mrs W Ballard. Sacto
S P Poland. S Jose
J W Brunson, L Ans
F Cox <& w, Sacto
Miss Cox, Sacto
O H Hoa*. Cal
W McFarlane, Cal
A J Larson, Lodl
Mrs. M B Aueustlne,
Seattle
H L. Manley, Seattle
J V Simons, Los Anj
A G Weens, Vancouvr
W J Mitchell. Cal
R E Anderson & w,
Uklah
E C Cutter. Lakeport
C M Fernald. St Paul
F G Messmer, Modoc
E Boesch & w, Cal
R J Thompson, Phlla
H M Joseph, N Y •
J Dennis, Cal
B F Wetherby. Bostpn
A Xellson. Sacto
Mrs A G Schulz, Cal
HAG Schulz. Cal
E P Parnaworth, Cal
O R Stewart. Cal
PALACES HOTEL.
F H Harvey, Gait
M Kahn, N T
J Flnnell. Tehama
L C Schindler. Tehama
Mrs L C Schindler. Cal
Dr J E Drelbrodt, Chg
A W Kelly, Berkeley
J C Kemp Van Ee, Cal
S Rlnaldo, San Jose I
E A Wallace. Clevelad
W H Greer. Los Anff
T K Ahern, Detroit
C Schmidt. N T
E W Gilmore, Los Ang
F P Smith. Los -Ang
W J Stocker, England
A J Houston, Clevelnd
E R Grler, Chicago
J M • Patterson. Chgo
G M Stark. Mich .
S J Baxnett, Cal
O J McCarthy, Mex
A A Mitchell, Los Ang
C P Stevenson, S Lake
L K Baldwin. Cal
J TV Alston, Cal
J E Clifford, Alaska
E McHeser Jr. 3 Lake
C C Casaidy, N Y
P Xlssen, Guatemala
Mrs P Nlssen, Guate
mala
J F Farraher, Treka
J Loeb, B Jose
C E Green. San Mateo
Mrs C E Green. Cal
E Green. San Mateo
B J OBryan. Ky
Mrs B J O* Bryan, Ky
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Fire at Welbeck Abbey.
LONDON, Oct. 5.— A serious fire has
occurred at Welbeck \ Abbey, Worksop,
Nottinghamshire, the famous seat of the
Duke of Portland. The. Oxford wing was
gutted. The Duke and Duchess of Port
land are at present absent from- home.
The damage was estimated at £100,000.
but this is probably an exaggeration, as
the art treasures were saved. Consider
able injury was done by water and smoke.
Resolution Adopted Favoring the
Proposed Memorial Bridge
Across the Potomac.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— At a meeting
of the Union Veterans' Union to-day the
following appointments wera made for
the general staff:
Chief of staff. Brigadier General John
McElroy, Department of Potomac; ad
jutant general. Brigadier General S. F.
Hamilton, Potomac; quartermaster gen
eral, Brigadier General F. F. Bogia, Po
tomac; commissary general. Brigadier
General H. E. Smith, Department of New
York and New Jersey; inspector general,
Brigadier General L. F. French, Massa
chusetts; surgeon. General G. W. Mor
gan, Illinois; judge advocate general,
Brigadier General S. S. Yoder, Potomac;
chief mustering officer, Brigadier General
John Middleton, Potomac; chief chaplain.
Brigadier General William G. Roberta,
Michigan.
The meeting adopted resolutions Indors
ing the proposed national memorial bridge
across the Potomac from Washington to
the National Cemetery at Arlington.
APPOINTMENTS MADE
BY VETERANS' UNIOX
Discouraging Report From Cabell
Whitehead, Acting Agent of
* the Mint Bureau.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— Cabell White
head, assayer of the mint and at present
acting as expert special agent of the mint
bureau at Nome City, Alaska, in a re
port dated September 3 to George E.
Roberts, director of the mint, says that
the Nome beach has been worked out
practically and that some of the sluices
nave not paid expenses. The entire beacb
product for the year Is estimated at from
$250,000 to $300,000. »,
Much of the g-old dust In circulation in
Nome, Mr. Whitehead says, comes from
Dawson. Anvil Creek, which has been the
greatest producer up to this time and
which gives promise of yielding good re
turns for some time to come, has pro •
duced this year about $750,000. On Dexter
Creek there are a number of rich claims
and Snow Creek which already has pro
duced $300,600 this year. Is regarded as an
exceptionally rich district. Local compli
cations, however, Mr. Whitehead says,
are rapidly involving all of the claims of
value in the Nome region and many of
them are in the hands of receivers, who
are operating them under the direction of
the court. As a consequence investments
In mines are at a standstill.
SAYS THE NOME BEACH IS
PRACTICALITY WORKED OUT
MILWAUKEE. WIs., Oct. 5.— An Even-
Ing Wisconsin special front Wausau says
the Wisconsin River continues to rise and
is now thirteen feet above normal and
three feet from high water mark. Wash
outs have occurred on Mie Milwaukee road
at Pine River and Cedar Creek and all
trains have been abandoned. The Chicago
and Northwestern road suffered six wash
outs between Eland Junction and Marsn
field and traffic has been suspended.
Washouts Tie Up Traffic.
MONTEVIDEO. Uruguay, Oct. 5.—In
formation has reached here from Port
Stanley. Falkland Island?, of the disas
trous voyage of the American ship P. N.
Blanchard, which sailed on May 4 from
Baltimore for San Francisco.
After being buffeted by a terrible storm
for twenty days the vessel took fire. Cap
tain Courtney divided his crew into three
groups. They embarked in lifeboats. Cap
tain Courtney and his party arrived In
Cygnet Bay. The American Consul at
Port Stanley sent a schooner to seek the
other members of the crew. The schooner
sailed on September IS, and nothing has
been heard from her.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. •
Two of Her Boats Missing
and the Pate of Their
Occupants Unknown.
SHIP BLANCHARD
BURNED AT SEA
"Mr. Bryan Beekg power by an appeal
to the antl-expansioh and anti-trust sen
timent of the people. The difficulties of
our external policy were unforeseen, as
their solution is at present unrevealed.
The evil of trusts has no party parent
age and will be remedied by the com
bined intelligence of our parties. With
out minimizing the perils of either, wo
affirm that no greater evil can befall our
Government than the Impairment of its
vigor, the destruction of our credit and tne
ruin of our Industries, which Mr. Bryan
is specially pledged to effect if he gets
the power. Therefore, we appeal to our
countrymen again to divert disaster from
their country by his defeat'."
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 5.— The executive
committee of the gold Democratic party
to-night Issued a long- address to the
members of the party. The address at
tacks Mr. Bryan bitterly, and Insists that
silver is the Issue. The address con
cludes:
Say 'He Is Studiously
Overlooking the Real
Issues.
GOLD DEMOCRATS
ATTACK BRYAN
Van Wyck ice island is situated in the
newly discovered territory which was
charted by the Belgian Antarctic expe
dition in 1S9S. Officials of this expedition
win, within the next three days, present
Mayor Van Wyck with a large chart
prominently showing 1 the island which has
been named after him and, at the same
time, he will receive a memorial letter an
nouncing In official terms the facts of the
christening, the date of discovery and the
location of the Van Wyck island of Ice.
There is plenty of ice on Van Wyck
Island. It is estimated to be some 500
feet thick, and is about three miles long
by two miles wide— practically an unlim
ited supply.
"While the Mayor, in February. 1S9S, was
discovering large blocks of Ice trust stock
and having as many as possible named
after him at rock-bottom figures an in
dependent party of explorers was pushing
its way into the unknown regions sur
rounding the soiith pole.
The story of lm> discovery of Van Wyck
Ice island is full of thrilling incidents.
The little ship Belgica had been through
the most terrible storms and the hardy
explorers on board of her had endured
untold sufferings. On February 5, 1S9S,
the ship anchored in a bay of Belgia
Straits. Dr. Frederick A. Cook of Brook
lyn. the anthropologist of the expedition,'
and Roald Amundsen, the first mate of
XEW YORK. Oct. 6.— Mayor Van "Wyck
has just been honored by having an island
of ice christened after him. The ice is of
the best quality and is unlimited in sup
ply. It is quite a distance from Xew York,
being near the south pole.
On the official chart Just issued by the
Belgian Government showing the uOO miles
of new land charted by the Belgian Ant
arctic expedition He Van Wyck. or. In
English. Van Wyck Island. Is quite larsre.
A copy of this map will soon be presented
to the Mayor. Dr. Cook has just pub
lished a book entitled "Through the First
Antarctic Night." which also sets forth
the fact that the Mayor of Greater New
York has had an island named after him.
Its peaks were composed of black stone
covered hy-moss and lichens. Its base
was Incased In thick layers of Ice. This
Ice was shining: In the sun. reflecting all
the myriad hues of the rainbow. The ice
was so beautiful In color that It Ira
pressed Dr. Cook forciblv. When he re
turned to the ship he suggested that the
island be called Van Wyck Island.
Dr. Cook, when aslceo. by a World re
porter concerning- the naming- of the
island after the Mayor, said:
"Each officer of the expedition had the
privilege of giving seme names to cer
tain points In the new country of Danco
Land. I did not know Mayor Van Wyck.
but It seemed to me that as he> was the
first Mayor of Greater New York his
name would look well on the maps. As
his was also a Dutch name and the ship
had been fitted out at Antwerp the name
proved suitable to the rest of the party.
"Van Wyck Island is really beautifully
situated. Its peaks are irregular in for
mation and its ice-Incased base makes it
a picturesque object to look at. In size
it Is about as large as Blackwells Island."
the Belglca, went ashore and ascended to
the highlands of Monts Salvey, overlook-
Ing portions of Danco Land— a new conti
nent discovered by the Belgian narty. Far
to the eastward Dr. Cook descried a beau
tiful Island.
Antarctic Explorers Had the Trust in
Mind When They Christened It.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Ten.
100 Sterling Oil and D Co I 47:i
200 Twenty-Eight 185
Street—
5W Twenty-Eight 183
Afternoon Session.
Board— "
200 Four Oil Co 4S
100 Home Oil 4 50
200 Home Oil 4 35
700 Home Oil. b 80 4 40
100 McKittrick Consolidated 15
100 Sterling O and D Co 2 50
100 Sterling O and D Co 2 4T\i
Street—
25 Homestake 12 75
MINING STOCKS.
The following were tbe sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornln: Session.
100 Alpha Con 05} 2*) Hale & Norc... 2S
100 Andes 091 300 Ophlr Rl
200 Best & Belcher 36| 300 Ophir S2
3M Bullion 04! 200 Overman 13
200 Caledonia ¦).'.; r.ro <r>% Belcher.... 02
100 Chollar 24 100 Sierra Nevada. 36
600 Con Cal & Va..l 2> 200 Sliver Hill 3*
800 Crown Point... 14 200 Union Con 26
600 Gould & Curry 42 100 Union Con 27
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 03 400 Crown Point.— 14
200 Belcher IS 70<) Gould & Curry 3?
ICO Best A Belcher 35 ICO Hale & Norc... «
10O Caledonia 44 700 Mexican 34
100 Chollar 23 500 Ophlr 80
lftO Chollar 22 1W> Savage 24
700 Con Cal & Va..l 25 500 Sierra Nevaia. 32
100 Con Cal & Va..l 20 2CO Silver Hill .... 5t>
100 Confidence 77 4C0 Utah C5
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
ilornlnr Session.
100 Belcher 21 j 100O Justice 07
200 Belcher *>! 40O Mexican J5
600 Best & Belcher Z\\ 300 Ophlr 81
200 Best & Belcher 33, 300 Ophlr M
400 Challenge Con.. 22: ICO Overman 12
300 Chollar 23 200 Overman 11
200 Chollar 22 3C0 Potosl II
200 Con Cal & Va..l 2S< 500 Savage 24
300 Con Cs>.l & V.I t3H 300 Bavaffe 22
SCO Gould & Curry 42! 200 Sierra Nevada. 34
SOrt Gould & Curry 40' E00 Union Con 25
3C0 Gould & Curry 39 200 Union Con 24
200 Hale & Norc... Z*
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha Con 04. 300 Mexican ' Z4
1000 Con Cal & Va..l 2.V S«0 Potosl 22
334 Gould & Curry. 35 400 Utah 0*
£00 Gould & Curry 39
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Oct. 6.—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Justice 06 07
Alta 02 04 Kentuck — 04
Andes 03 C9 Lady Wash .... — C3
Belcher 17 is'Mexlcan 33 31
Best & Belcher 34 36,Occidental 07 10
Bullion 02 04 r>phir 7X SO
Caledonia 43 45.Overman 11 11
Chollar 21 22.Poto?i 21 22
Challenge Con.. 21 22:Savage 23 14
t Confidence 76 . 78 Scorpion 01 —
Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 25 =>eg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 32 . 33
Con New York. 01 —,"?Ilver Hill 35"5«
Eureka Con.... — 45;5t Louis — 15
Crown Point ... 13 14:Standard S 90 —
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry 37 3S; Union Con 23 24
Hale & Norc... 27 2Srtnh- 05 M
Julia 02 OlTellow Jacket.. 21 22
ISLAND OF ICE NAMED
AFTER VAN WYCK
THE SAN FRANCISQQ CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1900.
13
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m.: 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 10:00. 11:80 and 1:15 p. m.
- Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 40. •
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., Sausalito Ferry.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
f "^k Br. Gibbon *s Dispensary*
f^tl"a^ ln il13 * ial tbc*tr'?atmentof Private
SdLiJLr %Jf Diseases. Lost Mar. ao.nl D«>oiUty ar
IH^^SKS^g dineaae'^Sftrlnsron bodyandminaaixl
Skin Diseases, rhr doccorcureswboii
afflW&S&l otben! **& Fry him. Charyw low
Or. J, t\ biBBO>, Box li>37.Saa Ii'taadtca
RATLROAD TRAVEL^
I*A ¦/¦•OME-LT.'TZE-In thl. city. October 3.
U00. by the Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell. Dr. Frank
K IJalccme of St. Paul. Minn., and Anna
M. UtH of Kan Francisco. \
UAILKY— ("OOK-In Oakland. September SO.
\rn- LJ h . e llev - Dr - E - n - DiUe - William
Ellsworth Dalley and Mary Juana Cook, both
of h^n Francisco.
HALL- HAYES- In Sallnaa. Ausust 4. 1300.
Harry M. Hall cf San Francisco and Maegie
Haie* cf J-'alina*.
MA«K-CHIsrM-In thi« city, October 6. 1900.
i,y the Key. l)r. John A. B. Wilson. Frederick
< iiarl"* Ma<-k and Cora Belle Chlsum, bJlh
«f ban Francisco.
i:iCiivLLS-FREEMAN-in this city. October
MARRIED.
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Eat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nleht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone 'Main 1501
FARE 50c
Steamer " Montlcello."
BAY AND RIVEB STTVAMTres.
FOR U . S. NAVY-YARD and YALLEJO
Phiicmena M. Schmltt fwife nf J.) to Jacob
Schmitt. lot on W line of BartleU street. 120
N of Twcnty-th'.rd. N 40 by W 123: $10.
Anna B. ttrohmaler (Wucherer) to Christopher
Thomas F. Parkinson to Mary I. Parkinson,
lot on N line of Waller etreet, 134:7>i E of
Shrader. E 25 by N 100; $10.
James D. and Sarah Thornton and A. J.
Carmany to Sallie Carmany <wlfe of A. J.),
lot on S line of Clay street. 150 W of Spruce,
W 23 by S 127 :«U: tlO.
Owen and Margaret Carroll to Louts Cella,
lot en SE line of Klsling street. 172 NE of
Twelfth. E 23 FE SO. SW 21:8, NW SO; $10.
Anarew and .Sarah A. Downey to William
duff, lot on f? line of Twentieth street 60 W
of Ouerrero. TV 50 by S 114; $10.
Mar}' Qulrr.by to John and Gabrielle Traynor
lot en W Hne of Walter street, 100 S of Ridley,
S r. by W 100: SIC.
, William A. and Harriet H. Magee to Lillian
M. Wheeler (wife of Charles S.), lot on N line
of Broadway. 297:6 W of Baker. W 11:6 by N
1S7:6; «1U.
heax estate transactions.
R. E. Racland to Lucy C. Raeland. lot on
N line of Sutter etreet, 37:6 W of Bcott, W 34
by N 100; J10.
BORN.
COrRTNET— In this city. October 2, 1900, to
thp vlf» of p. c. Courtney, a son.
B!rth. marriare and death notices sent by
mall will aot be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication office* and be
!n *«r-<l »ith the name and residence of per-
fcor.» authorized to have the same published.
E1ETHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
SOaPAQMIE GESSRAI.5 TRANSATLA5TIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRB-PARIS. -^u,_
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <!S2&
Saturday, from November 2. 1339. at«~i^rr*a»
10 a m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Oct. 11; LA
LORRAINE. Oct. IS: LA BRETAGNE. Oct- 25;
LA TOURAINE. Nov 1. First class to Havre.
155 and upward. Second class to Havre. $42 &0
and uoward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson bulldlng>. New York. J. F. FUGA2I
&-. CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausaUto Ferry.
Commencing September 3U. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:ii. »9:15. 11:00 a. m.. "1:45.
3:15. 4:00. 5:15. •i:15, «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays end Sat-
urdays at 9:00 ar.il 11:35 p. m.
Sl'NPAYS— »S:00. 10:00. '11:30 a. m.. »1.U.
3:1j. *4:4j. «:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:23. *S:30. 1:43, 4 J:2O a. m..
•12:J0. 1:43. »3:3». 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTR-\ TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:20. •?:». •HhOO. *tt: C a. m..
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. •«:»> p. m.
Trains marked «•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:15. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:34. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedaeajays
and Saturdays at 7:1U and 10:20 D. m. ¦
SUXDATS- 8:05. 10:0S a. m.. 12:05. 2:13. 3:30.
5:00. C:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:33 a. m. week day»— Caaadero and way sta-
tions.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Toniales and way sta-
tions.
27 and 29 Fifth et. Tel. South 157.
ICKERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALXE33.
Finest Equipment at Moderate. Rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
(Successor to Flannasan & Gallasher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
FL"NERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln SchooL
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
HARRIAGE LICENSES.
The fcllowijn; marrlare lleenees were Issued
j-psterflay :
T-.jr.ctl.y F. Danaher. 2J. 24! Seventh etreet.
ar.d Ella M. Jcnes, l«, Tuba City.
John A. Murtarh. SO. Presidio, and Ramons
T. Short. H, 21CJ Octa.\-ia Btreet.
Ft^fano Messa. 26. 114 Pacific street, and
Muria Ghio. 1C. Zt Prospect place.
J<hn M. Jelde. 3;, Crockett, and Elizabeth
H"pr*. 27. 1712 Hyde Ftrt^t.
J^hn Cbattleton. 25, Pinole, and Oeorgina
Of.m*x, 1C, Pinole.
Frederick C. Mack. 36. SS4 Clara etreet. and
O>ra B. ChiFum. 25. 654 Turk street.
Jam*-* Rfa. 27. :io Fteiner street, aad Lena
Jiry6. 15. ;:o Stein*r street.
Iy-andrr Quint. :s, Alameda. and Carrie J.
J' TV S, 15, citj".
Pad Pierson. 21. Ean Jose, and Alma Xll-
fn, 21. Fan Jose.
OCEANIC 8.8. CO.— HONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNET.
g <> QtTEEN OMonolul a only)
B3. QU£^".\ We< j ne8da y. October 17. 2 p.m.
ES 'aIJVMEDA to New Zealand and Aus-
tralia. . Wednesday. October SI. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti. ..............
Thursday, November 1. 5 p. m.
j. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 6*3 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freiqht Office. 327 Market St
JJIVIDEND notice— The Giant Towder Com-
rony. Coa. A dividend, No. 22, of Seventy-
five Cents fTSe) per ehare en the Issued
capital etock cf. the compar.y has been de-
clared, payable at the office, cf the company.
4S0 California ft.. Ean Francisco, on October
19. 1SO0. Transfer books clo#* October 8. 1*00,
«; r.'j-r.. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
Santa Fe
Trains— Dan y
Leave Markit-street Ferry Depot.
Lv». Ean Francisco. 9:00 a in'4:10 p ml 1:00 p a
Arr. 8tocktun 13:30 p m 7:13 p m 11:05 p oa
" Merced ........ 2:43 p m — — — 1:1S a m
" Fresno 4:29 pm I:CSan
" VlM.Ua (:00 p m 4:3> a m
" Tular* «:22 p m 8:VJ a m
** Hanford 5:33 p m 7:04 a m
" BakersBeld ... »:M p a 7:30 a m
•* Denver 10:00 a m ¦
" Kansas City... 5:1.1 p m
" Chicago 7:40 am
I a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corr*-
spondinr train arrives at I p. m. daily.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corrcspondtna
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and BalcertSetd E.Tpress.
ulth Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspvnd-
lns train arrives at * a. m. daily.
OFFICES— 641 Market st. and In F?rrv Depct.
Pan Francisco: 111S Broadway. Oaklaml.
6. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
OmCE of K'erra Railway Company of Call-
forclt, room 129. Crocker bulHiag. Pm Fran-
cisco. CaJ., October L 1S50— Coupr-n No. 7. due
October 12. 1906, from first mornrage six (6)
p^r cent bonds of Sierra Ry. Co. of Cal.. will
b» paid at the fiscal arenry of this company.
th« Crocker- Woolworth National Bank, on
and after that date.
UIVIDB.VD NOTICES.
NEW typewriter*. $5 down, ti month payment*.
RKVALK, m Califorala Bt.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters: any make.
Write for prices to L. 4 Jl ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery et.
GRTTAT BARGAINS DC TrPETtVRITERS— We
*e!l better machines for l*v* money than any
house In th« city: r*r.tals, S3. The Typewriter
Excharge. e;6 CVlfornia; telephone Main 26«.
TYrEWHITERS A\D SUPPLIES.
PACIFIC Etora.ee and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. SS20 FV.lmore et. ; phon* Jackson iSL
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
etoppln«r.at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
gt Paul Oct. 17[St. Paul Xov. 7
<=t Louis Oct."24 St. Louis Nov. H
New York Oct. SI" New York Nor. 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ....Oct. 17 Frlesland Nov. 7
Kensington Oct. 24 Southward .... Nov. 14
Noordland Oct. Jl N'*r. 17
r 7NT r E^V T n iO^A 9 L a N!vV P I O 1 lT%X CO..
80 Montgomery 8t. Or any of Its agents.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
Vf. H. AVERT. General Acent.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and KOXGKONO. calling; at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of 'salltnr-
S8. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October 17, 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU........ ££"£2
Tuesday. November 13, 1900
SS >:^. N .^:^- U^ursdaV:De C embVr-«;-1900
TOTO KISEN KAISHA.
WILSON BRO3.. storage and moving: covered
var.s. Teeth and Market; phone South 7C2.
EEKIXS Van and Storage Co., Til Mission et. :
tel. Main 1M0; ffcirpin* at cut rates.
STORAGE AND WAREHOl'SES.
CALIFORNIA N38TBVESTEE5 KY. COL
LESSEE]
SAH FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.MPANY.
. Tlfcuroa Ferry, Foot of Marfcat 3*
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RATAEI*
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. l:C0. ll:C0 a. m.; 11:3%
S:SO. 5:10. 1:20 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 o. m. Saturday K-£xta Uisa at 1:1*
• and 11:30 o. in.
BUNDAY8— l:C0. »:S0. 11:20 a. m,: 1:30. 3.13,
i:C0. 8:20 d. a.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAY3-«:10. 7:50. ».S). U:10 a. m. : 12MS.
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Satcrdaya— Extra tr'.ps at
1:55 and S-.S5 o. m.
BUNDAYS— 8:1P, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. »:*«,
t:CJ, «:25 j>. m.
Betrre«n San Francisco and Schustzes P*z%
tmjnt schevlul* u above.
L*>5,v« J la Effect. I Arrlv»
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1300.! San Frandsgix
" Week I Sun- I . I Sun- I We»it
Days. I dayg. | De«tlnatlon.[ days. ] Dayi.
T:30am »:0O am! Kovatow 10:40 am! S:4O ara
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pmldiB m
i:U pm 8:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:S5 pmj 6:20 pm
" 1 Fulton.
T:J3 aai[ Windsor. 10:23 aia
J HealtlsburK.
| Lytton.
I O»>aervM'.e.
J:SO pm| !:W am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 5:19 pta
T::i am! I Hopland I |10:K am
»:M pral 1:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:W pm; t:20 pm
?:S0am 10:25 am
S:CO am Guernevlll*. 7:35 pm
l:Mpra «:23 pra
f:*) aal 1:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:49 am
and f
I:1J pmf 8:CC pml Clen Ellen. 6:05 pmf *:V> pta
7:30 am] S:00 ami 110:40 amilO:25 ana
. 8:S0 pm! 1:00 pml Sebastcpol. | 7.S5 pm. 6:10 pea
Stares connect at Fnnta Rosa for Mark West
Fprlnxs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyservlll* for Xkagss Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geyser^: at Honiand for Duncan
Bprlnjr*. Highland Sprtngs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlstt
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy 3ortn«s. Sarato?»
Bprtccs. Blue Lakes. Laurel T>e!l Lake. VTtttvr
Cprlnxs. tapper Lake. Porao, Potter Valler.
John Day**, Riverside, LJerluy'a, Bncknell's.
Banhedrln Heights, Rullvtl!«. Orr'» Hat
Bprtnts. Mendoclno CTTy. Fort Era*?, West-
port, Usal. 'WHllts. LaytonvHla. Cummins.
Bell's Sprlnc*. HarrU, Olsen'a. Dyer. Scotia
and Rureka.
Saturday to Monday rouni>tr!o tickets at
r*ductd rates.
Oa Sunday round trip tickets ta all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 830 Market St.. ChrontcT* nlSx.
Jl. C. "WHITING. R. X. RTAX.
General Uanaser. Gen. Pass. Agent.
nOt'GHT. eo'.d. rented, repaired: needle* and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, eoJd and r»r>a!rlnir puaran-
teed. Charles Plamberk. ISIS Mission, r.r. 15th.
ALL k'.r.fis bought, eold, rented, exchang-ed; n.
tairlr.g lowest rates; open even. "2% Fourth.
SEU'IXC MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
KOOMS pa»*Ted from J2 t»; whitened. SI up
flmtTH d^ne. Hartman Palr.t Co.. 819 Third
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CADE 512 First Cf2ss. Including Berth
I All J- 58 Second Class. end Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 5, 15, 25. Nov. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails... Oct. 10. 20. 39
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.'
Helena and all points In tha Northwest.
Through tickets to all point* East.
E. C. WARD, Oeneral Ag-»nt.
C30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
HAD tenants ejected fer $4; collections made
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.
41S Montecm'rr rt.. rooms *-10; tel. 65*0.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
x ROOMS A\D DOARD.
ROARD and room* at 415 First «t-. near H»r-
rtscm.
nnOMS \VA\TED.
? TNFTTILNrPHED roorr.s. connected, forlady-
?rwj..t!«n Market to Post. Leav*nwortli to
Kranklin. Box 268. Call office. •
A KUANClf effire for Call advertisement* an.l
pubycrirtions has been established at 1036
'"LA?5IFIT:r> advertisements and subscription*
received at <~ail branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
TJTIRH. 419. cor. Perry — B nice newly furnished
room?: rprr.fr Tat: bay-windewe.
THIRD, ?!?— N'lce'.y furnished sunny rooms;
roasor.fi.ble.
FTXTIT. 136— Sur.ny furnished rooms for light
houEekeepinp: also other rooms.
FKKRMAN Aranmect House, tS E ; ghth 6t.,
r.^ar Market— Furnished cr unfurnished.
n<~>YAT, Hnuse. 116 ni!i* St.— Incandescent light;
rcadias mom. en-.nkir.s rorrn and ladies' par-
!"r: rc-rms. r>^r rirht. S^c to SI 50: -week. ?; to
IS mrnth. JS to JS"; elevator on ground floor;
rooms •n-lth hot nr.4 c"14 water; baths.
P.OPnr>.*LE H^use. T.9 and Bl E:l!s «t-Room»,
n'.gh: l c c to fl, »f*k ?1 15 to f4; open night.
(VVAP.P.riX. 113*— Two find* eunr.y furnished
r^orrF tor rer.tlemen.
O'FARRELL. ?«— Punry furnished rooms and
offlces: e'.evatT: electric lights: day, wk., rr.?.
f'TARRELL. 504— Furr.iched rooms rrom J7 up;
1 suite for I'.eht housekeeping.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. Steamers leave Broadway
%j^ wharf. San Francisco:
f:^5w^^ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
lKI§|Shgk Oct. 4. 8. 13. 18. 21. 23. Nov. 2.
jSjKfrfKs^SPv C^iar-ar-" to rempny'j s:»am-
E^CSsVVa frs at Seattle.
F'^^4fJjjt5| For Victoria. Var.ooav»r (B.
L^S^^^iAi r ~>- Pn 't Towr.»r.d, Rcattl™.
• •'^ Tacorr.a. Evcr'tt. Anacrrt»«
and New Whatcom <^Vash. > —
11 a. m.. Oct. 4. 8, 13, 18. 23. 2*.
Nov. 2. and even* fifth day thereafter. .Chans*
at Seattle to this company 1 * steamers for
Alaska and G: N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For^ureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Oct. 5.
10. 15, 20. 25. SO, Nov. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Die^o. stripping only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Ohispo). Santa Barhara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo <Los Angeles) — 11 a.
m.. Oct. 4. 8. 12. 18. 20. 24. 2S. Nov. 1. and
ever} 1 fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
co«, Pert Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Ansrele»i> and Newoort — 9
a. m.. Oct. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 26. 30. Nov. 3.
and every fourth clay thereafter.
For Ensanada. Macdalena Bay. Saa Jose dM
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa RoialU
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. "th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to cfcanse
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OKPICE- * Xew Montgomery
street ("Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO., Oen. Ar-nts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
XKK ARLINGTON, ir.5 Market St.— Nicely
f-jrr.Sshed rocrr.s, $2 a we*-k up; SJc a day up.
MTf^I^N. f^^-Siinnr front hall room; eult-
• M« for la<5r *r c*"52t!emaru
LAP PALMAS. Id Market it.— Suite of t cr i
rtr.s. ; j-rivate: b«th; eir.. rms. ; board optional.
LARKIS, TTT. n^r Eili*— Large newly fur-
m^hod ro^rr-.«; bath; s'.ncle or ?ulte; priv. fam.
JtAILROAD TBAVEL.
NUI'Tlir.KM I'A« IfK' «•«»«!•.* NT.
(PArirn; sv*tkm.>
Trains tenn- nntl Mr* •!«•«• ••» »rrl»' at
maw rnaiicuti'o:
: '/ (Main Line. Fool "t Jlark< •< 3Sr»eU
lbate — From October 1. 13C3. — «rrit»
•7:«Oa Eetiida. Suiaurt, Kern, Vic»il.:e.
Utility »Jiil .">acr»'urn'<> *7:|!>p
*7:OOj» Entftta Kipr •»* - lHru. WiUUms(f3r
l?3rt!e:t Sirirg*). \Vii!ow«. lied
Bluff. l\>«;»ii<l "TsiSp
•7i3»* Martini. Haw i:»i:n>n.V.ii:ej<>. >'-»r*.
Csltati-ga »ml Saiit* I:>a:; '(Iil-Tp
*fl:O«A DaTb, WiKxlUud. Knights Landiaf.
MkrysTlIle. ••roville. •7:13p
•«•!«•«>» AtUu.ti.- Kii<rt*«~< ':¦>!. ant Kent *I2:l->?
•8:O« % >i:e<, Trtcy. ia.?irop, Stockton *9: 13i
¦»i:ii»* h»h .)t»te. J.iftri-.<»rr, rUocktra,
lone. Sarra^irut". !'!,»<•. Mill',
Jl*rjn?i:i-. i:».ic... Uo.1 I'.lni? •Isl-lp
•»:3Oa OakiU!-. Chine*). im.rra.<'artcn... # l:l3p
•!i:ou» Hassan*. >..:•• »»<l \v»y 'U«llnar ~lliiil>
•»:•«» Los Angelen Exprevt — Martlner.
Vncj. Ijithrop. .v<-.-kt«>u, Mrrceii
Frfir.u »i.,i Ixj A:i-.-Vj # 7:11p
•9:30* Vniiri... WtthiM ¦mi tVaySUtfcm *a:45p
•10:00* Th-Otcrlni.il.i i i.fl-<'K-'-eu. L>a-
tet. Oii:»ha. CUittiK<> •«:43»
*II:9Oa Iiilr*. Stockton. •«• .* :n-u u\ Men-
d-.u. Fr'S-o, liu.ir.r.l. Vital!;*.
ItrtmtUa MMSf
•I 5:00* Lii-nunr", S&tjr*r. Gerbea Ju&c-
tiou. Bii-rifi •¦III. r.'« A-.tf-les
•I'J:»O« lUywartis. Si;n^-1 W-j bH ti— . •<:!**
1 1 :<••) r -S^rraHim to i::n-r .-.->- •¦•¦.¦¦ i »5:«l»»
•:::<»oi- HsTtrarOs, Nil. n an-i Wij Stations. M:l-1r
•li»i»r Mm tiiier., San t'aiim. Vnlirjti,
Nap*. » •ull-t..**, Santa Un*a *Vi!3a
MiOOr U-meii. Winters. Haeiamsntn.
w. «,.:;«,«.•. K*i«Ua l-w-flrt.
Marjmhie. <•¦.>.-¦:;•• •ll»:«. 1 >»
*ls:t"r M!r«. h-in.Josu'i ,.! *:i:ckr'>u *7:l.iF
•3:00pT!i« Owl Uaateii-Trmcj. tnmm.
Hik. ij.". •»;•!. til I HIM fur .ii;,'» II»r-
bara. !.<¦» Aujries. "Ift-.l.it
•StflOr Stncktna *1»:-«3a
•5:©op»iew Orl'-aar Eipress— hakerelMil.
KatiU Kariiara, J,<* Ai'gt-le*. l> ¦><]•
ii!C. Kl I'uo. Hew Orleans and
Ka»t
¦*:«Or Ilaynartls. NiltM anil Kaii Jum "'¦¦ l^»
ISiOnr V»ltej» *iail»p
••:«•!• Oriental M»l! -U Z •en, t'tiejMine.
(.>iiiah», Cblo»jo 'Ittffll
•»:OOpOriei.tal Mail-Offden, IVaTer.
i>ma. ( va. Chlcajfo «l:l^^
•Ts««- Wtssk Tr»cj, LV.hiop. Stockton •l»:I3p
*7ilMlr f >rtrc**ti an«t Ualilni ula. Hn'tniw, Sm.
Mwnlifc .MarjHTitlr. ItifcHufc
I'nrllaiKl. I'ucrt SdiiixI kii-I I'l.st *«:I3a
J«:0.1p Valifj... l'.ir» l.riU «>.<1 r.'a, hu
ti..u» ;il:i>Or
4'OAST l»ITIMIt\ fNitrron Ifawa*).
<rout»f >l.nk..j Street. t
*4tl»A Newark. t>iil'rtill-..^ai».l( l »r.l'V!ti>ii,
Boilliler < f rt. Santa Unix and V.' »y
HUb'ni:a ••!«»*
fSiISp Nemk, •>i,t<-tTil>. M»i, .Ir««, New
AliiHilm, Ki-lton. lii.n >r Cirek,
Hii/Ji Crux »ul 1'riiiiij i! V>7
Suitloin 1 1 <» :.T (» «
MlISp NewarV. s*n .Jo»«. Los C«fns »»:5i»«
al 1:43 p Huntera' Hi rrj'.oa. 8*n Joso aad
Way Pmtana jZtanr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rMnm.r!ti!IC12CQ-rnt af Mtrkat Sir«i! <S.i> %)—
•7:15 900 11:00a.m. |I:C3 '233 13:53
•4:C0 t3:C3 •«:C3r.«l.
tfm 0»U»SB— 's.l ••Bn.l».». — -11:00 8:03 10:00*. a.
U253 *1:3^ n-ZZ *3::3 it::; -5:S3r.«.
COAST filTlsioN (BrM40aav<L
(Thli.l nit* Tow iigoi.it SU.)
««sia« Derail Vlerr. Mouth Han Francinco.. t*:3l»p
*!:««» San .1>«- »•¦.! ~/»y Sti.fl. .us (N««
Aliuvlm- W«<lne«Uj*<>i)ly) a l>3Mp
•9t«o» Han .lone, Tte» I'lniii. Hauta Crux.
Paoille « «mte. I'aio Kulilea. San
I.nla '»!>lm>.>. Hnrf. Irf>iiipoc aiul
I'riiici|>al W»r MUflmu •l:l« r
¦¦•:!»* 8au .!..*« aad Way Mtatlmia •«>:»*
•ll::ii>* Mail J«»» ami \V»- SUtiimt *S:3»F
t»««5pH»n M«t-o. IUnItiooiI. Haifa P\rk.
Palo Alto. .~*ii:i('i.ira. Had .:,.¦>-,
Trea rinoa -Santa Una, Halioaa.
Moiltere; anil I'actlio Cn.lt »II»:1H%
trti»»r **an.1>i— *i:<t Way Htatlona «7i3«»r
HiISf SanJnseanil rrincipai Waj Htatinna "J: « -T. %
t'tMlOpSan Jos*, Lt<s Oato* And l'riucipal
W»jrSUtloiia f3:0">
•S:SOp H»,i.Imi» am) l»rincrip»t \V»jr Si»5!.;ti!i •»:35»
•Kt3«r Han Jose auii Way Htatioua t«:»»\
m 1:4 r.r 8an .loaeaiul Way Statintia *?i3Op
A for Morniiig P for Afternoon
'Daily. f Mititdar exeepted. t bnndmj only."
qnlj.
JONES. HO— Larc' eunny fror.t suite and also
*!r.r!e room newly furnished.
IITPn. 407B— Furnished room; runny; private
family.
GEARY, < r " 'The Navarre)— Elegantly furnfehed
nr.t. ; ruit^s <->r single; travelers accommodate.
GP.ANP SOUTHERN, noutheayt corner Seventh
ar.d Mission st?.— Sunny rooms, en suite cr
*:nr>: ladles* parlor; rea<!!r.g-room; elevator.
Pni'RTH. r.5— Nice tunny room for two; a^o
Fir.gle mfa.
Hannah Wilson (owner) with Fink & Schir.d-
ler (contractors), architect J. E. Krafft,— Work
and setting of dining-room mantel, sideboard
and two china cabinets, reception-room mantel,
Ilvlng-room mantel bookcases of residence
in course of construction on W line of Devisa-
dt-ro street. 66:3% S of Broadway, S 66:3'A by
W 137:6; $1800. " "
Chrhten Nelsen (owner) with August R. Jr. Ik
E. IL Denke (contractors), architect . All
work for a 3-flat frame dwelling house on S
line of Clay street, 80 W of Hyde. W 37:0 by S
71:3: $6000.
Builders' Contracts.
Samuel and Jessy Davis, to Harry P. John-
sen, lot on N line of Clinton street. 175 W of
Summit, N 100, W 25, N 25. W 100 to SW line
of Thirteenth avenue, thence S to the point of
its intersection with N line of Clinton street.
E 204 to beginning, being lots 1 to 6 and 3 100
feet of lot 7. block A, on map of new town of
Lynn, East Oakland; also lot on SE corner of
Thirteenth avenue and county road, survey No.
113C. thence SE 99, W 114:6 to a point on E
line of Thirteenth avenue. 59:4 S from point of
beginning, thence N 53:4. to beginning. East
Otkland; also lot 35, map of Locksley Square,
Oakland (subject to deed of trust for $1200) ; $10.
Hattle and August T. Arens to John Alexan-
der, lot on SW corner of West Sixteenth and
Union streets. W 115 by S 50, portion of block
SS5. Oakland: $3500.
Antonio AgTela to Antonio Frates, lot on NE
line of East Nineteenth street, 75 NW of Twen-
ty-first avenue, NW 25 by NE 140, being lot
S, block 49^ San Antonio, East Oakland; $1000.
Dennis Healey to Laurentlno J. Mendonca.
lot on NW corner of East Ninth street and
Park way, N 30 by W 60. lot 20. block 11. on
map of Badger's subdivision of block 11, Clin-
ton, East Oakland; $10. *
William Joerndt to Josephine Joerndt (wife),
lot on NE corner of Bay and Curtis streets, E
151:14. N 1J5:6. W 15. N 85:6, W 36:6, S SO. W
100, S 141 to beginning, portion of block 10, Cur-
tis Tract. Berkeley: rift.
Homer T. Blckel to Abby F. Blckel (wife),
lot on N line 'of West Tenth street, 156:6 W of
Adeline, W 60 by N 118:3. block 563. Boardman's
map, Oakland; ?10. .
Michael and Nellie E. Fahey to Cesare and
Pasqualina Vercelll, lot on S line of Cleveland
avenue, 5S2.65 E of Telegraph. E 60 by S 100,
being lot 43, map of Linden Homestead, Oak-
lard; $10.
Germano Caregglo to Caterlna Caregglo
(wife), all Interest in lots 1 and 2. block 1
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; also restau-
rant business at 2208 Powell street, Ban Fran-
cisco; gift.
James and Susanna Kenney to Henry Cook,
lot on NE corner of Mountain View avenue
and Almond street, E 100 by N 150, lots 94 and
95, resubdivislon of block 34, Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $400.
Emma R. Patten to Millard F. Goodwin,
lot on S corner of Seventh avenue and East
Twenty-third street, SE.150, SW 150. NW 50
NE DO, NW 100 to E line of Seventh avenue,
thence ICO to beginning, block 137, Clinton East
Oakland; $600.
Maria A. and James H. Toler to Manuel T.
Pavila. lots 1 to 4 on map of the Toler Home-
stead EUbdivifiion, Brooklyn Township; grant.
Stewart Law and Collection Company (cor-
poration) to Mary K. Field (widow), lot on SB
corner of Bay and William streets, E 151. 2i;
S 145:11, W 157:10 15-18. N 110 to beginning, lots
11 to 16, block 43, map of lands of Oakland
Point railroad ferry landing, Oakland (auit-
claim deed): $10.
D. E. Besecker. John and Mary A. Mugge
to same, same (quitclaim deed): $1.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to John
A van. lot 227. in plat 36, Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland Townrhip: $124.
Carl Sundquist to Christine Sundqulst. let 17
block C. Parson's Golden Gate Tract, Oakland;
Flora J. Stevens to Martin Peterson, lot on
E line of Valdez street, 24S.61 N of Elm or
Twenty-fourth. N 10. E 3S.9S. S 10.92. W 103 36S
to beginning, being a portion of lot 13 Hock
B. on map of subdivision of Webster's Twenty-
fourth and Valdes street property, Oakland-
$10.
Mary A. Randlett to Ellen Dunn, lot on NW
line of Van Buren street with W line of Mound
NW 209:1. NE 120, SE 209:1. SW 120. to begin-
ning, lots 1 and 2, block 102, of map of city
of Alameda made by James T. Stratton In 1S-j3
Alameda; $2250. '
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Standard
Improvement Company (a corporation), lot on
E line, of Ninth street. 1S5 N of Allston Way,
N 45 by E 130, being the N 35 feet of lot 22 and
S 10 feet of lot 23, block 102, Allston Tract
Berkeley; $5.
Peter J. and Johanna Thorsted to Oakland
Buildlnp and Loan Association, lot on S Hn«
of Prince street, 200 W of Deakln, W 50 by 3
135, lot 7. block C, Woolsey Tract, quitclaim
deed. Berkeley : $10.
James de la Montanya to D. S.,Dorn (trus-
tee for Lorraine and Jacques de la Montanya.
minors), lot on NW corner of Willow and Sev-
enth streets or Railroad avenue. W 141:10»» by
N 20S:9. block 525, map of Gibbous property at
Oakland Point, and also known as lots 1 to 8
and 30, block 25, and strip adjoining said lots
to the E and along the W line of Willow
street, portion block 406, map of lands Oak-
land Point railroad ferry landing, Oakland;
also property In San Francisco, trust deed; $10.
Mary E. Knowles to Standard Improvement
Company (a corporation), lot 16. block P. map
of Knowles and Potter subdivision Kennedy
Tract. East Oakland: $10.
Robert and Mary Hansen to Karl H. Nickel,
lot on N lino of Joy street. 333.80 E of Tele-
graph or Humboldt avenue. E 50 by N 100,
portion block G, resubdlvlglon portion Roberts
and Wolfskin Tract. Oakland; $10.
Annie E. Peller to John Johnson, lot on N
line of West Tenth street, 128:74 B of Center,
E 35 by N 75, portion lots 3 and 4, block 65S,
Eighth Street Tract. Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
Estate of Eugene Moffat (by Mary E. Moffat.
administratrix) to Henry Mnffat. undivided half
of following: Lots 1209. 11S2. 11S3. 1210 to 1214.
Gift Map 4; also lot on SW corner of Sllllman
and Holyoke street.*. W 240 by S 400, block 36,
University Mound; $2200.
Edmund and May L. Worth to Philip D. Code
Jr.. lot 344. Gift Map 4: grant.
Wilson Lew/«Men to Louis Zlsslg, lot 8, block
313, South San Francisco Homesread, etc. ;
grant.
J. K. Owen to Sarah P. Owen, lota 5, 47 and
4S, block 26, Lakeview; grift.
Estate of Berenice Normand (by Emile H.
Xormand, administratrix) to D. Ftgonl. lot on
W line of Quttenberg street. 106:6 S of Han-
cver. S 108:6 by W 17S, subdivision 193. West
End Homestead; JlOfiO.
James M. and Mary K. Haven to Sarah J.
Bipelow. lot on SE Hne of Paris street. 150 NE
of Brazil, NE SO by SE 100, block 18, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Sarah J. Bieelow (widow) to T. H. O. Wal-
ton, same; $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
(a corporation) to Annie Hoxsell. lot on SE
line of Naples street. 125 SW of Japan, SW 23
by SE 100. block 53. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Frank E. and Georgle C. Ryan to Solomon
Getz. lot on E line of Eleventh avenue, 175 N
of Point Lobos, N 50 by E 120; $10.
Ezra F. and Mary L. Dennlson to William
Placeman. lot on W line of Fifteenth avenue.
175:5 S of Point Lobos, S 23, W r E6:ll. NW 28:3.
E 91; $10.
Same to Stephen Cleary, lot on W line of
Fourth avenue, 175 N of Clement street, N 25
by W 120; $10.
Katl^ McCall to Mary Cleary. lot on W line
of Kourth avenue, 200 N of Clement street. N
25 by W 120; $1(t.
Joseph O. McCall to Katie McCall, lot on W
line Hi Fourth avenue, 175 N of Clement street,
N SO by W 120; $1P.
T. H. Ribjohn to A. H. Vail, lot on W line
of Twenty-second avenue, 425 N of California
street. N EO by W 120; also lot on E line of
Twenty-third aver.ue, 425 N of California street.
N 25 by E 129; $10.
George G. and Anita Wentworth to Ralph
H. Mocre. lot on SW corner of Army (Colusa)
and Tennessee streets, W 100 by S 50, quitclaim
d»ed; 540.
Mary A. Bates to Richard* L. Ingram, lot on
N line of Twenty-second street. 50:10 W of
Church, W 50:11 by N 114; $10.
John and Gabrielle Traynor to Otto Schrader,
lot on \V line of Walter street, 125 S of Ridley,
N 0:3 by W 100? $10.
Loretta C, Estella V.. James M. and Josiah
B. Ryder and William and C. T. Nlcol to Gus-
tav H. O. Bartels, lot on SW corner of Pine,
street and Central place, W 20 by S 57:6; $10.
Hermann Steinhoff to Henry Meeve. lot on K
corner cf Zoe and Bryant streets. NE 35 by SE
Ernest A. and Helen B. Coxhead to Almerlc
W. S. Coxhead. lot on S line of Green street.
200 W of Pierce. W 25 by S 137:8; $10.
Jeremiah and Bridget Quintan to Elizabeth
SI. Gillespte (wife of William M-). lot on NW
line of Sheridan street, 80 NE of Tenth, NE 25
Katie E. Pelton to Tnez Shorb White, lot on
Olive \erkouteren (widow) to Ann Towns
(widow), lot on E line of Saratoga street, 100
N of Woolsey, E 120 by N 100. lot 6. block 171.
University Extension Homestead; J10.
Elois«s r Foster to Lucia H. K. Sherman,
lot on S line of Jackson street, 127:6 E of
Buchanan. E 37:6, S 127:$U. W 27:6, N 7:8^
W 10, N 120; $10.
Mary M. B. Martin (single) to Louise M.
Ogborn (wife of Y. B.). lot on W line of Tenth
avenue, 125 N of M street. N 25 by W 110; J10.
M. L. and Hilda H. Gerstle to A. K. P. Har-
mon O L block SoS, bounded by L and M
streets and Seventh and Eighth avenues; $10.
•F. A. and PrUcllla S. Berlin to Mary E.
Latham, lot 24. block E. Lakeview: $400.
Maurice Kraszynski to Thomas Edwards, lot
Christopher A. C. and Annie M. Wucherer,
Leonora Otto (.Wuchcrer) and Robert W. Otto
to Thomas and Catherine Gardner, same; $10.
Herman F. Whirlow to Mary B. Whlrlow,
lot on W line of Powell street, 22 S of Clay,
W 75 by S 40; gift.
Joseph F. and Ida A. Stromberg to Rachel R.
Best, lot on N line of Pacific Btreet, 91:6 .W of
Hyde. W 23 by N 87:6; $10.
James and Letitla Lough to Robert Dalzlel.
lot on NW line of Mission street, 108 SW of
First, NW P9:6 by SW 48; J10.
Emelie Uraln to Charles Bdelman, lot on SE
line of Silver street, 300 SW of Third, SW 2J
by EE 80; $10.
A. C. Wucherer, Leonore (or Leonora) Otto
(Wucherer), lot on W line of Shotwell street,
1W N of Twenty-fifth, N 25 by W 122:6, quit-
claim deed: $10.
FXLIB, C5. ror. Larkin— Pur.ny furnished room,
double folding bed for 2; $1L
FOLSOM. S«T>. cor. «th <The Oliver)— New fur-
r.irhed fj'.r.y rms, single or suites; reasonable.
CFTNTTtAL House. €2 Second ft. — Roomsc ISc to
tnc r.ight, 'be to 12 per week.
RI'SH. t;n (The Elk)— Chanced hands; newly
renovated, r.ice'.y furn. sur.ny rms., Jl 50 to 57
week: T^c to Jl HI night. MRS. V. RANFT.
lU'SH. £14 — Furr.ishe-l runny rooms, suits or
rlngle. ZSc per night up; transient.
BURNETT. 3426 Market (eld No. l'W-Fur-
r.ished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14 s Sixth— Rooms 25c
to II per nirht; »1 25 tr. JT. pr wwk, and light
li'-usekc^ping; orx'n all n. : r!:t-
ROOMS TO LET Porn, nnrt I'nfnrn
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. Btt Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1«»
Vn>rc1« st.
TURK. 126— Two furnished sunny hcusekeep-
lr.s rooms; running water; closet; r.o children.
EIIAXR, 3**. n*ar Fcurth— 2 cr 3 chean fur-
nished rnoir.s for housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 6T3— Nice funny furnished rooms,
f!r.^ie or en suite; also housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable.
OAK. USX. entrance Park — 2 or 3 sunny fur-
r'.rhed hou^c-keer>tng rms; kitchen gas etove
MARKET, near Fifth— 2 rooms, furnished; fold-
i-.c !.•».!: gas: $10. Particulars 342 Kearny st.
MINNA. 2*— Sunny furnished fror.t rooms f.">r
h<n:s<>kr<T!r:K; «:r-f!e rrr.n, 75c, fl per week.
JF.^PIK. S'ft. n^ar Emporium— Furnished roens,
;i. $"' and $6: hiuspkeeping, |J.
HOWARD. Ill* — Nice airy housekeeping rooms;
&!fi fingle; cheap.
HOWARD, lf£5B— Sunny furnished housekeep-
Ir.ir r • :ns: suites «>r single; reasonable.
GR0TR. ri*. near Van Ness ave.— I sunny front
rooms: furr,:rh»>'i Cor housekeeping; private.
r<~iI,sOM. II??. siuthrast cor. 9th — Large Funny
bay-window housekeeping rooms; also others.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
<Pun3ay). at 9 o'clock, from her late, resi-
dence, 2S24 Twenty-third stwet. thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cfemeterr.
OULIF— In this city. October 3. 1900. Alexis,
beloved husband of Blanche Oulif. and father
of Mrs. I. W. Caro, a native of France, aged
70 years.
ETTrieniR are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sunday),
at 10:15 o'clock, at his late residence. 2134
Post street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
PATTON— There . will be an anniversary re-
quiem mass for the repose of the soul ot
Mary A. Patton at St. Joseph's Church.
Tenth street, this day (Saturday), at 9
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend.
PEARSON— In this city. October 5, 1909. Mattie.
youngest and beloved daughter of R. C. and
Mary Pearson, a r.ative of Lo« Angeles, aged
10 years and 5 months.
SAI/>MON— In Ekaxuay, September 80, 19^0.
Jacob L. Salomon, beloved husband of Edith
Fslomon. and father of Melville and Arnold
Salomon, a native of Germany.
SULLIVAN — Jeremiah Sullivan, dearly beloved
son of the late John and Mary Sullivan, and
beloved brother of Cornelius and Patrick
Sullivan and Mrs. Julia Kelley of Tralee,
Ireland, and Michael Sullivan of San Fran-
cisco, a native of Tralee, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 33 years.
ETNotlce of funeral hereaftar.
ICT'Funeral Friday. September 2S, at 2
o'clock. »t 21S Pouth Main street, Los Ange-
les (Cussen undertaking parlors).
O'ROURKE— In this city. October S, 1900. Cath-
erine, daughter of Patrick and the late Mar-
garet O'Rourke. and sister of Margaret.
Thomas, Nellie. Lizzie and James O'Rourke
Rrd Mrs. D. F. Murphy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years.
CTFrlemis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence at Pubertino. thence to Bt. Clare's
Church, Santa Clara.
METER— In Alameda, October 5, 1300. Anna
Marie, beloved daughter of Emll and Marie
Meyer, and sister of Katheryn. Ella and
Emily Meyer, a native of California, aged
15 years and 13 days.
OHNIMUS — In Los Angeles. Charles Ohnimus.
beloved husband of Georgiana Ohnimus.
father of Roy, son of Elizabeth Ohnimus. and
brother of Lou'.s John and George Ohnimus
and Mrs. N. CuMck. a native of Scranton.
aged 40 years. (San Francisco. Cal., and
Scranton. Pa., papers pleaee copy.)
CrFViends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Ssaday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, L%Z7 Marshall street. Golden Gate,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tcry-
McCOMB— In Pubertino, Santa Clara County.
October 4, l!K>0. William Henry, beloved son
of James H. McComb. and brother of Ella,
Belle. Frank an-1 Welter J. McComb. a na-
tive of Santa Clara County, Cal.. «ged 2%
years 11 months and 12 days.
C^TFriends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
CSaturday). on the arrival of the Southern
Pacific bfiat from YallHo at noon, thence
frr.m the ferries to Holy Cross Cemetery.
HILSON— Frier.ds and acquaintances are re-
sjjectfully invited to attend the erection of
tombstone of the late Solomon Hilson to-
morrow (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, at Salem
Cemetery.
LAGEMAN— In this city. October 5. 1900. Henry
Latmnan. beloved husband of Katherin Lage-
man. a native of Germany, aged C5 years.
LANGFORD— In Golden Gate, Oakland. Octo-
ber 5. lf'tf), George Henry, beloved husband
of Isabell Langford, and father of Ethel L..
Alma A. and the late George F. Langford, a
native of Birmingham, England, aged 49
vears 1 month and IS davs. A member of
Court Eureka No. ««. A. O. F.
ITTFrifnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
of his parents, 212* Howard street, thence to
St. Charles Church for service*. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HERLIHY— In Valleja, October 4. 1900, Daniel.
beloved hu?bajid of Ellen Herlihy. father of
Fannie and Eddie Herlihy, and brother of
Mrs. P. Brcsnahan of Vallejo. Mrs. W. M.
Morgan. D. C. Herlihy and Katie Herlihy of
Pan Francisco, a native of Ireland, aged 36
jears.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
HEARNE— In this city. October 3. 1900. "Wil-
liam II. J.. dearly beloved son of William and
Mary Hearne. and brother of Frank P.
Heame, a native of Monrea Flat, Nevada
County. Cal.. aged 27 years 2 months and 24
dry?. (New York and Portland. Me., papers
P'.ease cor>'-)
CROFTON— In this city. October 5, 1900. George
Crofton. a native of Dublin. Ireland, aged 75
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
' Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DESCALSO— In this city. October 5. 1900. Mary,
beloved wife of Luca Deeealso. and loving
mother of Mrs. T. Bolger and Luke M., James
H. and the late Peter C. Descalso. a native
of County Cavan. Ireland, aged 72 years 9
months and 10 days. (Xew York City papers
please copy.)
DVNNIGAN— In this city, October 6. 19<Xt, Mrs.
Catherine Dunnigan, a native of County
Kerry. Ireland, ased Si years.
FLEMING — In this city. October 5. 1900. at her
residence. 217 Guerrero street, Ellen, beloved
daughter of Catherine and the late James
Fltminc, a native of Boston, Mass.
3, 1SO0. at the First Methodist Church, by the
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Thomas Henry Nich-
olls of San Francisco and Rose A. Freeman
of Auburn. Cal.
SMITH— RKAMS— In this city. September 26.
1M-0 by the Rev. Dr. II. H. Bell. Alfred G.
Smith "cf Vallejo and Grace E. Reams of
fc'uiEun. Cal.
DIED.
Biggins. Jchn J. Laeeman; Henry
Brown Nathaniel B. Langford, George II.
Caird. Mary McComb. William H.
Crawford. John Meyer, Anna M.
Crorton Georre Ohnimus. Charles
Descalso. Mary ORourke. Catherine
Luirinisan, Mrs. C. Oulif, Alexis
Fleming. Ellen Patton. Mary A.
Heame, Wm. II. J. Pearson. Mattie
Herilhy, Daniel S=a!om<in. Jacob L.
Hilson. Solomon Sullivan. Jeremiah
BIGGINS-In this city. October 5, 1000, at his
residence. 225 Montcalm street. John James,
dearly beloved son of John and the late
1 Mary" J. Hlcgins. and brother of William.
! Mary Margaret. Julia, Neliie and James
IHppins a native of San Francisco, aged M
i years S months and £2 days. iButte. Mont.,
papers please copy.)
Cy Notice of funeral hereaiter.
BROWN — In Ycuntville, October 4, 1900. Xath-
ani?l Bartlctt Brown, dearly beloved husband
[ of Sarah D. Brown, and beloved father of
1 Mrs. M. Rhodes, Mrs. S. D. Crowley, Mrs.
I A. D. Fomer, Mrs. E. Karpe and C. M.
Brown, a native of Sherbourne. N. Y., ageO
76 year? and 6 months. A member of George
H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R-. and Seven
I l'ines Circle. (New York and Vermont papers
1 please copy.)
E^Fricr.ils and acquaintances are resr>ect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from George H.
Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. R-, headquarters,
Red M<?n"s Hall, 320 Post Etreet. Interment
National Cemetery.. Remains at the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, i;<n< Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, until 11 o'clock Sunday.
CAIRD— Entered into rest October 4, 1900,
Mary Caird, beloved mother of Mrs. Alice
Adams and the late Georre B. Calrd, and
, beloved aunt of George. William. Charles.
I'eter, Edward and Robert Luhman. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 72 years. <New York
and New Orleans papers please copy.)
CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
iSundav) at 11:30 o'clock, from her late- resi-
dence, *1'K9 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Frances Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery- On Monday, Octo-
ber s. there w'ill be celebrated a requiem high
mass for the repose of her soul, commencing
! at S o'clock.
CRAWFORD— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. October 4, 1900, John Crawford, a native
of Ireland.
f"(>l.!-"'M. 63*— fSonojr housekeeping room;
cJoaet. «ove. liath: private; $6; or 2 rms 13.
ELLIS. US7— A rictly furnished front room.
suitable for housekeeping; kitchen adjoining:.
CLAY r*?li near FiJimore— 2 large unfurni»b»d
rooms; uprx>r flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
IIOOMS FOR HOISEKEEPIXG.
CALIFOaXIA, S.*2. near Powell— Furnished
hi>us""k« 1 '"rJnB l«"autiful rooms; parlors.
Kfe^f^yil^gsc^7^y^?H!ig<^!^8^Policeman F. C, Howard Can Blame Its BallefMl Power
for the Ugly Knrfe Woiand He Received an
a Row at Her Shrine.
MRS. SKELTON'S BEAUTY
IS FATAL TO THE MEN
Locked the Storekeeper in a Back
Room While He Stole
Cash.
Frank Grady, an ex-soldier who admits
being a deserter, was caught in the act
of robbing a till in the store ot Mb
S Knipper at 1435 Stockton street by
Policemen W. E. Dlnan and L. Olsen la£
night and was locked .up in the City
Prison. Mrs. Knipper declares that-
Grady came Into her store and alked for
some coal oil. and that when she wlnt
£V?J ?», bac ,, k room to draw the oil he
™ I? a *?** door and deliberately ran
sacked the money drawer. Mrs. Knlnner
got out through a rear entrance and gave
the alarm. When the officers entered tho
place Grady was leisurely helping* hl m -
Soon after Brady had been locked un
Mrs. Irene Hestin. a storekeeper • at 12*»
Stockton street. and her 9-year-old
daughter Emma, visited the prison and
recognized Grady as the man who h^l
committed a similar theft earlieY In the
U fl JT , *
The little girl told the police that Grady
after making a small purchase at thV
store, sent her for a glass of water, and
while she was absent abstracted smali
chanere amounting to $1 05 from a small
showcase.
BOLD TILL-TAPPER
IS CAUGHT AT WORK
Once on the beach the boys made their
clothes Into shipshape bundles and tied
them around their necks. Then, naked a,
w* nn y 'S^"! born . they pushed tne
big pile adrift and, getting astride it. be
gan to paddle for Oakland long wharf
They had no oars or sticks to help them
along but simply had to* depend uw>n
their hands and feet. The tide carried
them down toward the Pensacola.
The sentry on the training shin heard
voices, alongside and. suspfcting some
thing was wrong, turned out the watSn
A boat was lowered and the six boylwer
captured and taken aboard the training
ship much to their Joy. Yesterday thf
A couple of nights ago six of the lads
made a daring attempt to escape. While
ashore on liberty they found a pile that
had gone adrift from one of the wharves
and found a resting place on the beach of
Uoat Island. It at onco entered the heads
of the apprentices that they could reach
the mainland on the log. That night they
threw their clothes out of the window and
then sneaked out. one after another, on
the pretense that they were going to the
trying to steal a launch or one of the
ship's bats in order to reach Oakland or
San Franlcsco. -
SIX NAVAL APPRENTICES
TRY TO ESCAPE ON A LOG
The apprentice boys on Goat Island and
those on the training ship Pensacola have
suddenly acquired a mania for deserting.
Hardly a day passes but a youngster is
yanked ashore from the tug Vigilant,
while dozens of them have been caught
Caught Smuggling Cigars.
George Smith, a clerk on the steamer
Curacao, was caught in the act of at
tempting to pass 150 cigars to some per
son on the steamer Umatilla last night by
Customs Officer Stevens. He was arrest
ed and is now confined in the Broadway
Jail.
In a new dress the News Letter comes
out to-day, bright and crisper than ever.
One of the best dialect sketches of the
season is Horace Egbert's, in which
"Plum Puddin' Tommy" sees the Fraw
ley Company In "De Sportin' Duchess."
Mr. Schuyler writes about "Fools Who
Treat and Fools "Who Drink."
To-Day's News Letter.
detectives also found a lot of underwear,
which Is supposed to have been stolen
and a shotgun. '
Captain Seymour and his men are satis
fied that the men are counterfeiters and
that they were aware the police were on
to them, and expecting a raid they moved
their plant to other quarters
To-day efforts will be made to run down
the pals of Rudzinsky.
Rudzinsky, or Ross, as he is more fa
miliarly known, some years ago shot and
seriously wounded Caroline Foster his
mistress. He was convicted of an assault
to murder and was sent to San Quentin
for seven years. He was discharged last
June after having served the full term.
Rudzinsky is strongly suspected of be
ing the man who has been passing bogus
dollars on unsuspecting storekeepers. If
the pollc<;fail to locate the "plant" which
he and his confederates are supposed to
have been working in turning out coun
terfeit dollars they intend to deliver him
to the Salem authorities, who want him
and his two pals for burglary.
tective went to the lodging-house and
forced an entrance to the room in which
the plant ' was supposed to be. Rudzin
sky, alias Ross, was in the room, and when
questioned he denied that he was a coun
terfeiter. He claimed he had rented the
room a few days ago, and had allowed
two other ex-convicts to share his quar
ters.
Notwithstanding that he associated
with them in San Quentin he could not
tell their names, except that he knew
them as "Martin" and "Jack." After
considerable questioning Rudzinsky ad
mitted that he had another room at 176
Minna street, which he claimed he rent
ed last Thursday.
On searching the room the detectives
found a miscellaneous assortment of
clothing, which was at once identified as
being a portion of some property stolen
from a store in Salem, Oregon, about two
weeks ago. Rudzinsky claimed he re
ceived the stolen goods from a friend
whose name he had conveniently forgot
ten. Secreted in a corner of the room the
Detectives Ryan, Crockett and O'Dca
late last night arrested John Rudzinsky.
alias "Jack" Ross, an ex-convict, on sus
picion of being one of the trio of counter
feiters who have been flooding the Stats
•with bogus dollars. He was at once taken
to police headquarters and locked cp In
the tanks pending further investigation.
- Yesterday afternoon Captair of Detect
ives Seymour received information that
Rudzinsky and two companions were
making counterfeit dollars in the rear
room of a lodging-house at 140 Minna
street. f
Satisfied that they were the men who
•were long nought by the Government,
Seymour, after communicating with Chief
of Police Sullivan, ordered Ryan. Crockett
and O'Dca to capture the counterfeiters,
along with their plant.
Soon after 10 o'clock last night the de-
HARRIET KENTFIELD'S WILL
IS FIXED FOR PROBATE
Bulk of the Valuable Estate Left in
Trust for Her Two
Sons.
The will of the late Harriet Kentfleld,
who died September 2S, leaving an estate
exceeding $250,000 in value, was filed for
probate yesterday. Following are the be
quests:
To the Ladles' Aid Society of the How
??£ Street Methodist Episcopal Church,
$o00: to Walter K. Smith, $500; to Edward
E. Kentfleld and William J. Adams, the
residue of the estate in trust for the fol
lowing purposes: To invest the profits of
the estate and hold the same until Frank
Kentfleld, a son, shall arrive at the age
of thirty years, and at that time to divide
the estate between Frank and his brother
Edward Kentfleld. '
Caroline P. Smith, wife of G. F. Smith
is disinherited in the will, but in a codicil'
bearing date of May 2, 1884, she is be
queathed $50,000. In another codicil Frank
Kentfleld is given a separate bequest of
$70,000, and in another codicil this bequest
is revoked. In still another codicil the de
ceased bequeaths $5000 each to all of her
grandchildren and devises the residue to
her son, Edward E. Kentfleld.
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH FAIR *
PROVES A GREAT SUCCESS
Crowds Visit the Gaily Decorated
Booths to Purchase the Many
Handsome Articles.
Father M. D. Connolly of St. Paul's
parish is greatly pleased with the success
attending the bazaar at Twenty-ninth
and Church streets for the benefit of his
new church fund. Last night the charm
ing ladies whose presence has so much to
do with the success of the fair were pre
sent In large numbers, and their appeals
to take Just one chance proved ir
resistible. St. Anthony's booth, managed
by Mrs. G. Montgomery with the assist
ance of Mrs. F. Dowling, Mrs. J. F.
Crowley, Mrs. McGee, Mrs. Sullivan, Mrs.
Anderson. Misses A. M. and G. Clifford
and the Misses Kelley, was successful in
disposing of a large number of tickets on
their beautiful collection of sofa cushions,
lamp shades and other home ornaments.
The handsomely decorated booth In
charge of the Misses Ney, Miss McLaugh
lin, Mrs. Dowd and Miss L. Connolly
was thronged with visitors, who were
anxious to Invest in a most beautiful as
sortment of rugs, rocking chairs, parlor
lounges and cushions. To-night a chicken
dinner will be served by the ladies in
charge of the refreshment table. Between
the hours of 6 and 9 p. m. the wants of
the inner man will be well attended to.
The Australia for Tahiti.
This favorite steamer, under command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st.- Hitherto these charming Islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring 30 to <0 days, but the time of new
steamship service will be 10% days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rat* at 613
Market street. •
Latour's Will Sustained.
A Jury in Judge Troutt's court has sus
tained the will of the fate" Felix Latour,
who died recently at Twin Valleys Lake
County, leaving an estate valued at $20 000
Latour bequeathed his entire estate' to
Caroline Ford. His widow, from whom
ne.;had been separated for many years
came to this city after her Husbands will'
had been filed for probate and charced
Caroline Ford with having unduly in
fluenced the deceased. The Jury how
ever, found that such was not the case
and rendered a verdict for the proponent
An Itinerant Audience.
For the second time this week the two
opera companies in town announced' the
same bill for the same evening — "Faust."
In this instance It was to be given last
night. ¦•
Of course, the Tivoll Opera-house came
up to time— it always does, somehow,
even if it has to put on Tom Greene to
sing Tannhauser once in a while— but with
the fiendish luck that has of late pursued
the California Theater, some of the prin
cipals at the last moment developed a
severe fit of artistic indisposition, "they
wouldn't!"— "no, they couldn't!"— and
they didn't immortalize the Gounod hero
last evening in song.
So, and therefore, the goodly audience
trooped down Kearny street, then three
blocks up Market, and such as could be
accommodated lined up in the aisles at
the other house. It's an ill wind that
blows nobody good. '
And at the Tivoli was to be heard
Slgnor Russo's Interpretation of the
Faust role for the first time this season,
an eminently musical rendering, but
lacking a little in seriousness— weight.
The California announces another little
change for this evening, "Norma," with
Barbareschi. Franco, Castellano, Garan
aglio In the cast. To-morrow evening
••Lucia" will be given.
Against Daingerfleld.
The San Francisco Labor Council met
last nipht and adopted resolutions declar
ing Judge W. R. Dalngerfteld - a person
totally unfit to fill the position of Superior
Judge.
Galv:ston Fair.
To be given Saturday at 1144 OTarrell street.
Given by Maybelle Roeenthal. Hazel Conn and
Dollle Lewis. Admission 6c r. .' '^.v': '>¦*.**
Hughes Was a Sard I>rinker.
Detective Tom Gibson says James
Hughes, whose ravings about the alleged
murder of a man named O'Brien In Golden
Gate Park caused him to be taken from
the transport Thomas and held in jail at
Honolulu, was evidently suffering from an
attack of delirium tremens when making
his wild talk. No such murder ever oc
curred, but Hughes, 'who ¦was a barkeeper
for Al Connors (not his partner, as
stated), was a hard drinker before he
stowed away on the Thomas. That is the
substance of the report made by Gibson
to Captain Seymour last night.
One of the Suspects, Who Is Known as John Rudzinsky, Alias
Ross, Captured and Locked Up in the Tanks.
COUNTERFEITERS MOVE THEIR PLANT,
EXPECTING A VISIT FROM DETECTIVES
To-day it is more than possible that the
physicians at the hospital will allow the
long lost and supposedly dead husband to
see the afflicted woman, and there are
hopes that the meeting will have a bene
ficial result In restoring the now clouded
mind to its normal condition and heal the
wounds caused by her great grief.
ask If there waa any fresh tidings of her
lost husband.
live with me again, as until a few months
ago we lived together most happily.
"About a week since I was sitting in
the house on Natoma street alone and
saw my daughter come up and ring the
front door bell. There was nobody in the
house with me, and as I did not want the
folks to know where I was I did not an
swer the bell. If I had known what a
tragedy could have been averted by the
knowledge that I was in the city I would
have let them know of my whereabouts."
H. M. Finger, a brother of Mrs. Curran,
and who was the person who waa instru
mental in the detention of the atdicted
woman at the Receiving Hospital, is also
the guardian of the Curran children by
the order of the court. He had the two
boys— Frank, aged 15, and Harry, aged 13
—placed In the Youths' Directory, but
early yesterday in some manner they got
out and accompanied their mother to the
City Hall. The daughter, Mabel, also
formed one of the party. During the ex
amination of her mother the girl con
versed with the attaches of the hospital
and informed them that she waa about to
marry Charles McGreavy, who is the son
of a policeman, just as soon as he could
rais^ the money. The girl claimed that
the object of her uncle in swearing out
the warrant was that he wished to ob
tain guardianship of her person, a con
nection that was distasteful to her, as he
had threatened to kill her if she pe;jlsted
in marrying McGreavy.
Mrs. Curran, who is a little woman
about 45 years of age, before being taken
to the Receiving Hospital haunted the
Central Police Station and the Morgue
for several days. One moment she would
beg the Coroner's deputies to. exhume the
body of her child that she lost about a
year ago, and the next she would appear
at the office of the police and teaxfully
THREE MEMBERS OF THE CURRAN* FAMILT WHO ARE THE PRIX
CIPAL ACTORS IX A PATHETIC DOMESTIC TRAGEDY. THE
MOTHER IS IN A PADDED CELL AT THE RECEIVING HOSPITAL.
MRS. L. B. SKELTON. who con
ducts a saloon at CentraJ av
enue and Sutter street, has a
gift of good looks that is fatal
to men. The records of the
Police Court show that any number of
males have been, driven to drink by her
fatal beauty; that it has caused her hus
band not only to separate from her but
to. put a bullet into his successor in her
affections; that this successor has been
pupplanted by another, and that a police
man has not only lost blood at her shrine,
but Is liable to lose his place on the force.
The latest chapter in the life of Mrs.
Skc'.ton was written yesterday in Judge
Fritz's division of the Police Court, when
J. Snowgrass stood at the bar to plead
to a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon upon Policeman F. C. Howard.
The trouble occurred early yesterday
morning at Mrs. Skelton's saloon. Snow
prass, who served with the First Cali
fornia Regiment in the Philippines, and
Oharles Batterock, a friend, wont into
the saloon shortly after midnight. But
terock's intention being to stop all night
In one of the rooms of the lodging
house attached to the saloon. They
had been drinking and both fell
asleep on a lounge. Snowgrass says he
was awakened by a severe punch m the
Jaw. He jumped to his feet and was con
fronted by Howard, who was in civilian's
clothes, having reported off duty at the
Central police station at midnight.
Snowprass asked Howard why he had
struck him. and was gruffly told to "get
out." There was a scuffle and Jn the con
fusion Qnowgrass got hold of Howard's
hat. He and his friend Batterock were
hustled out and when they got to the
street Snowprass discovered he had the
wrong hat. He asked a special policeman
to get him his hat, but the latter refused
and Snowgrass went back to the saloon
himself.
Howard met him at the door, and re
marking. "So you won't go awav?"
struck at him with his closed fist. Snow
grass pays he had his pocket-knife in his
hand, as he was cutting his nails, and he
raised his hand with the knife to ward
off the blow. Just then Howard yelled.
I m cut." and Snowgrass saw * blood
pouring from a wound In his left cheek
Sergeant Burnett and Policeman Doyle
came along and Howard asked them to
arrest Snowgrass on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. Howard went to
Dr. Shumate's residence on Devisadero
street and the doctor stitched and dressed
the wound in his cheek. He then went
to his home at 142 Second avenue.
"hen Snowgrass appeared before Judge
Fritz yesterday morning the case was con
tinued till to-day, as no complaint had
been sworn to, Howard having been un
able to leave his home. Snowgrass is a
brother-in-law of Attorney Frank Dunne
Sergeant Burnett reported the facts to
Captain Wittman. who notified Chief Sul
livan. The captain was instructed to pre
fer charges against Howard before the
Police Commissioners. It Is also within
the range of probability that Mrs. Skelton
will lose her liquor license. It is only a
few weeks ago that her husband shot J
A Schaertzer Jr.. assistant clerk in the
united States District Court, because he
was tco familiar with his wife. Schaert
zer refused to prosecute the case and it
was dismissed.
Snowgrass -was released late in the aft
ernoon on a bond of $500 furnished by Abe
Levy of 2264 rsuph street and J. E. Mc-
Cormack of 202S Sutter street.
WOMAN SALOON-KEEPER AND FOUR MEN WHOSE- ASSOCIATIONS WITH HER. DIRECT OR INDIRECT
HAVE MADE SERIOUS TROUBLE FOR THEM ALL. THE POLICEMAN MAY LOSE HIS STAR AND- THE
WOMAN'S LICENSE TO CONDUCT HER RESORT MAT 3E REVOKED.
A STARTLING chapter in the com
plicated domestic history of the
Currans was unfolded yesterday,
in which the tragic and the pa
thetic are closely interwoven feat
ures. First was the reappearance of
Frank J. Curran, whose dead body was
reported to have been found a few days
ago in the woods on the outskirts of Santa
Rosa. Curran's action in coming to the
front to deny the report that he had com
mitted suicide because of a quarrel with
his wife following the reported elopement
of his seventeen-year-old daughter with
Charles McGreavy, was sadly ill-timed.
He should not have delayed the announce
ment of his being still in the flesh so long.
The shock of his supposed suicide, to
gether with the worry occasioned by the
behavior* of their daughter, prostrated
Mrs. Curran, and within a few hours of
Curran's reappearance on the scene and
before the welcome information ot his
safety had been made Known to her the
unfortunate woman was an occupant of
a padded cell in the insane ward of the
Receiving Hospital, a raving maniac.
The Currans, up till a few months ago.
were a happy family, but then a shadow
of gloom was cast over the home by their
eldest daughter, Mabel, a pretty girl
seventeen years old, going to live with a i
man named Charles McGreavy. The par
ents were brokenhearted and spent their
modest savings that had been put away
for a rainy day traveling over the State
trying to find their wayward daughter.
One evening after a fruitless search the
Currans returned to tlieir house at 416
Ivy avenue and in a fit of anger Curran
said that his children gave him so much
trouble that he felt sometimes as if he
could kill the whole family. Several days
afterward Mrs. Curran had him arrested
for these hasty words and the case came
up in Judge Cabaniss' court. Curran waa
discharged by the court with a suggestion
that if he could not live happily with his
wife they ought to- live apart. He took
the Judge's advice and quietly disap
peared. But this is a large city and in
stead of going away Into the country as
his family supposed he took up his abode
with some of his relatives at 521& Natoma
street, where he was seen last night by
a Call reporter and spoke freely on the
circumstances that had culminated in this
sad domestic tragedy.
"I am almost brokenhearted," he said.
"After the episode In the Police Court I
decided that I would follow the Judge's
advice and leave my wife. For three
weeks I have lived with relatives on Na
toma street and have been* fairly happy.
I am employed as a waiter and do not
have much time to read the newspapers
and did not know until I casually picked
up The Call to-day that I was believed to
be dead and that my body was supposed
to be lying in the woods back of Santa
Rosa, I had to work to-day and Just
heard that my wife has gone insane. 1
do hope that she will soon regain her rea
son. When she Is well I will ask her to
UefortMiniate Wonnae Becomes I msairae From tlhe Shock
of Has Supposed SmflcMe and tlhe Action of
Her Wayward Yooirag Damglhter.
ments might be repudiated and the plant
would then revert to the companv and
the city would be out and Injured. Under
the charter a franchise to erect poles and
wires would have to be granted and the
offer of the company contemplated that it
would receive the franchise and then
construct and sell the pole line system to
the city.
Attorney Lloyd thought there were no
legal objections to paying municipal
obligations in installments, but he de
clined to give his opinion on the merit of
the proposed system until it had assumed
more definite shape.
Preston said that after the City Engi
neer had prepared plans for the system
bids would be invited and the plan ¦would
then be submitted to the people. Auditor
Wells said there would be no surplus
available until the end of the fiscal year.
The Mayor thought that all the difficul
ties in the way of the acquisition of the
plant could be obviated by the issuance
of bonds. He thought there would be no
opposition to such an issuance on account
of the small amount involved. The con
ference then adjourned after general ap
proval of the propose pole line system
had been expressed by all the city offi
cials present.
"Will Insure Perfect Street Illumina
tion — Proper Method of Payment
for Municipal System In- .
volved in Doubt.
— » .
An Important conference was held in
the Mayor's office yesterday for the pur
pose of considering the offer of Claus
Spreckels, made through the Independent
Electric Light and Power Company, to
sell to the city a pole line system for the
electric lighting of public streets. The
offer contemplates the erection of the
necessary poles and wires for $225,000
actual cost, which will then allow com
petitive bidding for the electric current
.to be supplied to the system.
There were present at the conference,
Mayor Phelan, Auditor Wells, his attor
ney. Reuben H. Lloyd; Supervisors Con
nor, Reed, Dwyer, Jennings, Comte, Mc-
Carthy, Hotaling, General Manager Hunt
of the Independent Electric Light and
Power/Company and Attorney E. F.
Presto if.
Attorney Preston addressed the con
ference and outlined the legal status of
the offer made by the Independent Com
pany. He said that the system could be
acquired by the city in one of two ways,
one by the issuance of bonds, the other by
paying for it out of the excess revenues
of the city resulting from the increased
assessed valuation, which was provided
for by. the charter.
"The underlying thought in this offer
made by Mr. Claus Spreckels," said
Preston, "is to make San Francisco the
best illuminated city in the world. But,
as there is danger of the city defaulting
in the payment of one of the three in
stallments of $75,000 each, the title in the
plant would have to remain with the com
pany until the last payment had been
made."
Auditor Wells was of the opinion that
the franchise for the system should be
open to competition and Preston said if
the Independent Company was underbid
for the privilege it could not construct
the plant.
Reed said that the company had offer
ed to furnish arc lights for 27U cents,
against 4214 cents now charged in cer
tain districts, if it was granted the fran
chise. In three years the plant would bo
paid for at a cost of $225,000, whereas it
now costs an average of $300,000 per year
to light the city. Preston stated that If
the city should default in its payments
the ownership of the pole line system
would revert to the company. The city,
however, would have the use of the plant
until such default.
Mayor Phelan doubted whether tho pre
sent Board of Supervisors could bind its
successors to pay any sum of money.
There was danger then that the install-
City Officials Consider the
Independent Company's
Proposition.
OFFER OF POLE
LINE ELECTRIC
PLANT APPROVED
CURRAN ALIVE, BUT HIS WIFE
IS LOCKED IN PADDED CELL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, VV'LVBKLi C, lvvv.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Big: Sale.
Grey Enameled Waro
CoCTee Pol.i-i quart ao cts
Coffee i»ots-3 Pints 34 cts
Rice Hollers *8cts
Tea Ketlle-3 quart 40 cts
Fle Plates s cts
Cups _ ©cts
Dish Pan— xo quart 40 ct».
Soap Dlsn liB cta
Wash Basin T , ...... ta cta
Tea Pots-i quart a 4 cts
Chambers __«8 cts
Funnels u C ( S
nippers - .....i8cts
Ladles „ 8 cts
We are Cutting Prices
all to Pieces During Our
Big Clearance Sale.
I ¦ - . -
to^ Inches* wlde. C worth SILK NECK RIBBON.
SPECIAL SALE OF"
UND ERSKJRTS
69 Cents. HOSIERY.
MOREEN SKIRTS, trimmed with 10-inch ruf- ' - Q fp, nr A Daii»
A fle of accordeon pleating, regular price $1. t7 WCllia r«ll<
"* ¦¦¦__ . CHILDREN'S DOUBLE KNEE, HEEL. AND
75 CentS* TOE. HOSE, sizes 5 to 9V4. regular price 15
MOREEN SKIRTS, trimmed' with ruffles, good ' *' ° n i. 0^ 3^.^ 1^- ' -
value at Jl.25. §8,50.
' QQ n _<._ SILK AND WOOL MOREEN SKIRTS.
*7«7 WentS. trimmed with deep ruffle of accordeon pleat-
IMPERIAL SILK SKIRTS, trimmed with deep lngl ruffle llned ' Pr»« |5.0O.
ruffle of accordeon pleating, ruffle lined, • ; 9S> RfJ
regular price $1.60. . Tour choice of ' *3 Z£k lot of WOMEN'S
C| OUT I OVERSKIRTS, consisting, of black and
""• ou> / navy blue serge, brocaded cashmere, etc.
BLACK OR COLORED MERCERIZED I Some of these skirts are worth as high as
SATEEN SKIRTS, flounced and trimmed i * 7 -°°- We do this to».make room for our
with ruffles, worth $2.25. ' immense stock of rainy day overskirts.
! CROCHET~SKfRTS.
I I_A *V W A I 1 • WOMEN'S HAND MADE CROCHET SKIRTS.
made extra wide, different lengths, regular
$3.75.- P rlce * 2 -°°-
Best quality TAFFETA SILK WAISTS, sleeves I DRESSING SACQUES.
and waist lined, trimmed with 4S tucks. ' . l*C\-'r~ »-.«-.-.
all colors. Including black, regular price DU CCIltSi
*5-00. WOMEN'S DRESSING SACQUES. in red. pink
QQ fonj-c or blue. slze3 32 to 44. regular price |1.
accordeon pleated chiffon jabots. Specials -Taken at Random
sold elsewhere at *1 60. OSe for WOMEN'S FLANNELETTE WRAP-
¦,.;-.y; ; ':__'-. . FERS, trimmed with braid, waist and
.; ! ? . tpI.-4-O* sleeves lined. . . ¦ - •
FRENCH FLAWFI WATST<? lined through 12Hc for WOMEN'S RICHELIEU RIBBED
out. trimmed with braid, all colors and -.. f oi- p & N or R. & O CORSFTS sold
sizes, sold elsewhere for J2.25. elsewhere at%l ?00. CORSETS, sold
Aft fprifc TO-DAY WE ARE OFFERING A FEW
i^jiiU -I " GREAT SPECIALS IN OUR CHILDREN'S
DOUBLE FACED SATIN PULLET BELTS. CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
1212-1214 Market street,
.' . Bet. Taylor and Jcn;3. .
When that tired feeling comes along, side-
track it with Jesse Moore "AA"— the best
whiskey in the land.
DR.MCNULTY.
rjMIIH \VELL-KXOWX AND RKMABLE OLD
S m lc i U r r<Y ' s< ", mI "» l Weakness. Impotence «nd I their
alllM Dtmrders. Hook on Diseuies oJMin, ht«
Ov^rCOv enrVexpfT'enee.-rVrrns reasonable llnnr.
fcrtionlreeandsacredly conUdenti*i Call or address
P. RO8COE SIcXKLTY. M.D.
20 Y t Kearny St^ s»aa Francisco, Cal
210 Grant ave.. bet. Sutter and Po«t tts.
861 Market st., opp. Powell.
62 Market et.. Junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORKS EVERYWHERE.
Gppqt AFicpinan TmrinrHnrr To'i Hn
luat Jiiuuiiujdimijdiiilig luayO.
The Prison and Hospital Religious Associa-
tion seek magazines, books and clothing to
distribute to suffering ones. A postal addressed
to Mrs. & A. Burris. 317 O'Farrell street, the
secretary, will have her attention. •
Stop
renting
own your
Piano
You have often been told
this, but it has more signifi-
cance under the new rent con-
tract plan of Sherman, Clay
& Co. With us you can get a
$300 guaranteed Piano and
pay for it at $6.00 a month*.
$1.25 is the amount of inter-
est each month, which you
pay after the principal is paid
in like installment. The $6.00
monthly payments include
the interest. Why pay $4 or
$5 a month for rent when you
can never own the piano, no
matter how long you rent it?
Call and let us talk the plan
over with you.
Note — The sale of Pianos
on our rent contract plan is
confined to the cities where
our stores are located.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Cor. Kearny and Eutter sts.. S. F.
Cor. 13th and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Third end Morrison ets., Portland.
711 Second avenue, Seattle.
Clothes on credit, $1 a week, 113 Grant ave.
Chicago Tailoring Co. • ;
Regularly 42vjc dozen.
FETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen.... 22Js
Guarantee every Egg. Regular 30c
I, W. HARPER'S WHISKEY, hot 85c
Received Gold Medal at Paris.
1900. Regular |1.25.
GhirardelH's Ground Chocolate, Mb can 25c
Limit 2 cans. Regular 30c
FINEST TABLE SYRUP, quart can.... 15c
KairosTiel Brand. Regular 25c
GILMAN EXTRA SUGAR CORN, can. - - 10c
New. Limit 6 cans. Regular 15c.
F-LEGURT MUSHROOMS, can 222c
Imported. Limit 2 cans. Regular SOc.
Gloucester. Mass.. Mackerel, 15-lb kit $1.65
New. Regular J20O.
OLD KEMUCXY. Pure By?, Gal.... $2-50
Rich and Mellow. Regular $3.50.
EXTRA SODA CRACKERS. 15-lb box.. 55c
Limit 2 boxes. Regular C3c
Freight paid by us When within 1C0 miles.
134S-1354- MARKET STREET.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branch Store*,
30c and 20c can. Limit I cans.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square 50c
Fine Butter la our Motto.
3 squares $1-45. Regular 60c squars.
B^ST CITY EGGS, dozen 35c
Gathered Dally from the Mission.
Soecia/ Bargains Saturday and Monday.
"Who is interested in savins MONET and
LESSENING the coet of LIVING? S*e us.
Write to us. Give us a trial order and b«
CONVINCED.
GRANULATED Best Cane SUGAR, 161 lbs $1
Limit J2.00.
Singapore Pineapp'e, whole. 3Mb can 20c
Sliced, 2-lb can, IZHc. Regular