IMPRESSIVE FUNERAL SERVICE AT ST. BONIFACE'S CHURCH YES
TERDAY AFTERNOON FOR WILLIAM VALENCIA. WHO LOST HIS
LIFE IN THE GLASS WORKS CATASTROPHE. '-.
SMALLPOX EPIDEMIC.
City of Winona-
Two Hundred Cases Reported in the
WINONA, Minn.. Dec. 2.— There are 400
cases of smallpox In the city and to pre
vent Its spread the Board of Health has
closed two public schools and ordered the
street car company to stop its cars at
the boundary of the infected district.
ATLANTA. Ga., Dec. 2.-The plaat of
the Chattahootchle Brick Company was
destroyed by fire to-day. Loss ISO.Ooa
Destroyed by Fire.
The Baptist Ch\irclij one of the moit
ccmmcdl-ius buildings in D'xon, was taxe.l
to Its utmost with the assemblage for the
funeral at 11 o'clock this morning. Twelve
last night, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs.
Newby and a number if friends. The rel
atives and a large crowd of sorrowing*
friends were at the dervjt to meet the
grief-stricken parents. The body was
removed to the home of the decease.!
boy's grandmother. Mrs. A. Manning.
Borromeo on Eighteenth ... and.- Shotwell
streets announced the arrival of the sad
cortege with the body of Edgar J. Fla
havan at l:30 : o'clock;, in the afternoon.
The church was crowded by friends and
acquaintances of the family. The choir
rendered sacred- music., at the be
ginning .; of' the service.' /'Father McDon-,
aid." the pastor." approached the. sanctuary
preceded -by -acolytes, and conducted a
; short and Impressive 'service.'- The pall
i bearers were Fred Cook", John* Do'ugherty,
ELLERY CRANDALL. WHO
DIED FROM INJURIES RE
CEIVED AT GLASS WORKS.
EBEN PEARSON TICE.TWEN
TY-FrfiST VICTIM -OF THE
TRAGEDY.
clothed Dixon to-day In deepest mourn
ing. The body of Virgil Lr. Xewby, the
only son of Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Xewby.
was this morninpr consigned to the grave
after being' viewed by the largest throng
that ever 'gathered in this quiet village
on such an occasion.
The body arrived from San Francisco
This arrangement Is the result of a con
sultation yesterday between Coroner Cole
and Captain Seymour. The cramped state
of the only quarters available at .the
Morgue was instrumental In bringing
about the authorities' decision to hold the
Inquest in one of the courtrooms.
The time for the Inquest on the bodies
of the victims of the glass works disaster
has besn finally set for Wednesday even-
Ing, at 7:30 o'clock. In Judge Cabanlss'
courtroom.
"Wednesday Night.
Jury Will Sit in Hall of Justice
INQUEST DAY SETTLED.
A large number of floral pieces were
sent and a mass of flowers covered th
casket during: the services and later were
spread above the grave.
The pallbearers were Scott and Carro!
Rice. Harry Fester. Jakie McElwaine,
Jakle Mlsfeldt. Fred Kumle, Wyman
Morse, Julian Pritchard. Wallace Petty.
Bee Sweaney, James Monahan and James
Donoho. ' j'.'.
At the conclusion of the service trie re
mains were taken to the I. O. O. F. Cem
etery, preceded by the Dixon and Dav!s
ville bnnds with muffled drums. Tn the
procession were companies of the Kn'shts
of Pythiaa and Foresters of America, of
which B. F. Xewby, the father, is a mem
ber.
M. Petty, pastor of the Baptist Church,
preached an eloquent sermon. "?..;'
Frank Starratt, Harry Fex. . Thomas
Downs, Willie Stafford, George Moran
and Harry Stafford, all playmates of de
ceased, were pallbearers.. Rev. E. J.
Lion of St. James Mission read the Epis
copal service and spoke briefly. The boy
chums of deceased sent a larrcc floral piece
and several' smaller pieces w<-re sent by
REVISED LIST
OF THE DEAD
TALLEYIIAXD I1AIIXWELI,, IB.
JOHN I1KUVGH, 1O.
ELLEnY CRANDALL, 13. •
CHARLES H. CU.MMINGS, 15. ]
WILLIAM II. ECKFELDT, 12. .
EDGAR FLAHAVAX, 13.
L.EO.V G1RARD, 17.
IlonERT IIARRISOX, IB.
CHARLES 3IOXAHAX, ail.
HECTOR. McNEILI,, 15.
HOIIERT MILLER, 13.
J. A. 3IULRONEY, 38. «
LAWREXCE MIEL, 0. .
DANTE MONACO. 10.
CORXEL.Il!S f Mc3IAHOX, 12.
VIRGIL AEWBY, 15. vjc"
MOSES ROTHEXSTEI.V, 15. *'-
THOMAS RIPI'OX, 24. . c -
EI1EX IV TICE. 39. -
MEKKE VAVDVK. 4O.
WILLIAM VALEXCI A, 18. •"
Individuals. Interment 'was in Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
William Henry Eckfeldt's funeral was
held at 1:30 o'clock in *he afternoon at the
home of .his parents, 1920 Howard street.
The Rev. Dr. - Rader conducted the •''ser
vice*.; Freddie Pelly, Henry . Phillips,
Luke Bolder. Albert Je. Campcs, Gearjro
Hill. George. Knochner. Fritz Lutz, Joseph
Kearny, ; Eddie Moffatt and Herbert Stark
were pallbearers for, their deceased chum.
. Floral pieces and bouquets were sent by
J. C. Chester, J. H. Long, John Murray,
W. Hustin and B. J. Leonard.
The funeral services over the body of
little Charles Henry Cummings were held
in the afternoon at ihe residence of I113
parents, 1012 Pape street. The former
home of the lad was crowded
with sorrowing friends at the home
named for the service. Tfce casket was
buried in floral offerings and the entire
room was filled with fragrant tokens of
remembrance. One large floral piece of
pink and white roses was sent by the em
ployes of the Southern Pacific office in
which young Cummings worked. Rev. Dr.
Thomas of the Howard Presbyterian
Church conducted the service.
Schoolmates and playmates of Law
rence jVIIel. the youngest victim of th?
glass works tragedy, gathered by hun
dreds at his funeral in the afternoon at "
o'clock. Boys and girls filled the street
in front of the family residence at So33
Twenty-third street, , where the. servicca
were held, waiting patiently during thy
simple service in the little parlor ati-1
standing in reverential silence while the
casket was carried out and placed in th-^
hearse. Lawrence Miel, who was but 9
years old, was the only son of Mrs.
Marion Miel, a substitute teacher in the
'public schools^
; ; CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 3.— Hassin Pasha. Ottoman Minister of Marine,
¦ *nd General William? moroseming th* Cramp Shipbuilding Company of Phil
5*<5»>lphia. have signed a contract for the construction of a cruiser for the Otto
- man navy. The price to be palu is £350,000. which Includes £23.000 inoemnity to
¦;O*e.Ctated States for losses sustained by Americans during the Armenian mas
: >*cfe.£. ;'
Captain C, M. Chester of the United StateB battleship Kentucky, with a
number of officers of the battleship. Is expected here. He will probably remain
a few day*. ¦ "
Continued on Second Page.
SULIAN BUYS CRUISER AND
SETTLES WITH UNCLE SAM
FOREIGN DIPLOMATS ALARMED.
Erroneous Report of Canal Treaties J
. ' " ¦ "With Isthmian Republics..
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— Secretary i
;Hay's negotiation of preliminary protocols j
.with Nicaragua and Costa Rica wan a
•tnattter of earnest discussion in diplomatic
.and Congressional circles to-day.
...Qwlng to the inability of certain news
papers to comprehend the difference be
twwn . "protocols" and "treaties" many I
/renounced to-day that Secretary Hay had i
Hjwed "treaties" with representatives of
tTvri Central American Government*. Dip
]."mat* whose Government* have Interests I
in -..Xk-arajrua and Costa Rica are very !
•much int*-re«ted and made prompt in
.¦gulriej.. They were assured that no for
piai. conventions' had been entered Into.
Trie arrangements thus far made with
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON. Doc. 2.— Sitting in the>. White
House, the very personification of
serenity in a high place, President
McKinley is arranging the programme for
•Congress under conditions that are unex
ampled in the history of the T'nited States.
More power to influence legislation no
President ever had since Lincoln.
The opening of this session of Congress,
¦which will end with the first term of Mr.
McKinley, has much about it to suggest
the actual beginning of the pecond term
¦without wailing fcr the inauguration on
March 4. The first President to directly
succeed himself since Grant. Mr. McKin
ley and his party associates intend to take
the verdict at the polls last November
as an indorsement and mandate, and they
ere preparing t o obey the "mandate" at
home ar-.d abroad. Mr. McKlnley's sec
. ond term to all Intents and purposes has
: begun- He le f tronper than ever, and yet
i? proceeding: with great care and much
diplomacy. He has tasen the country
through the door of expansion. He stands
now- ready to lead into what his friends
are so fond of calling the "golden era."
~. A light Rip\ Van Winkle sleeper who
dozed on January 1, 1S9S. and awakened,
pay, last week could scarcely realize what
h?A happened, "so complete has been the
transformation. He would find the coun
. try at peace, just, as it was when he went
¦ t-p sle»?p. He would discover tha.t the ex
penses of the Government, which were
$3t5,7T4.1l3 in 3SS7, the last year before the
war; had leaped to. J4S7.713.791 in 1910. He
would observe that the total revenues
which in ISST.were $347,721,705 had sprung
under increased custom receipts and. the
•war tax KtUI.tn force to $367,240,651. Other
¦ things which would attract his attention
¦ would be the expansion of everything at
home and abroad where the American flag
jVoats. The array In 1897, which consisted j
of 2a.<X«J men. has grown to 103,'XX). Its ex
pense has p.woJlen from $23,278,402 to $133.
f*Vi,OO0, the amount of the estimates for
next year. The navy has more than
.'^ctuliled its Fire, its cost having advanced
from 530.500,000. to $S7,«00,000.
.Thrse are only a few things In this
golden era to. excite remark as Congress
reassembles. The plans that are going
forward to further qualify the United
State? for holding the place it has taken
'Smorpilip great world powers challenge
Imagination. . .
.• .Xh«? whole ' membership of Congress,
frpm Senator Frye and Senator Hanna
down to th* youngest member of the Sen
..«**, arid all of the Representatives, from
Mr. ¦ Payne of: New York down to the
xlgori-tenn members, are excited over the
if Kip subsidy -bill.
;' The great project of cutting a canal to
i*e: owned .by the United Stages through j
the. Central American Isthmus is before I
Congress- and has received powerful im
petus by expansion. The latest estimates
'.'of -. the Xicaragrua Canal are that it will
c<*t $175,000,0001 Powerful interests that
have delayed this work for ten years are \
¦6/^*in active, and it Is predicted that tht- |
•fight ¦ over the. Fhip subsidy bill will be
b mere, bagatelle when the Nicaraguan bill
Is. taken up. Much preliminary skirmish- '¦
ir.g Is now 'being conducted behind the!
*vtnef>. but the public sentiment behinu i
th«»- Nicaragua/ route I? expected to force'
nctlnn if the Hay-Paur.cefote treaty insur- j
ring the neutrality of a canal under Artier- 1
lc«n control can be ratified. !
¦ . The natural accompaniment of this pol
icy of expansion in the golden era is an 1
'American Pacific cable connecting us with \
our possessions «jn the F:ir Kast. If it is
b-uiit by the Government it will cost t?j,- ;
000,000.. The Senate has already passed a i
biJl for a Government cable. !n the House j
pentlm<*nt favors a private cable nubsl- j
dized by the .Goveniment. but there is i
ihuch opposition to private ownership. If •
it is a private cable, the cost to thu Gov- i
ernment will be about $109,000 a year for i
twenty years.-
Early Consideration.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.-fhe leaders of
the House are preparing to press with
great vigor the Important business of
the short session, which convenes to-mor
row. Already considerable preliminary
committee work has been done on the bill
for the- reduction of the war revenue
Army Rsorganization to Be Given
HOUSE FACES BUSY SESSION.
WASHIXGTON, Dec. 2.— Of the seven
new Representatives who will take the
oath of office before Speaker Henderson
to-morrow one Is a man who was once
sentenced to be hanged. Up is the suc
cessor of General Joseph Wheeler. His
name is William Richardson 1 ; and a'though
only 17 years old he was one of the cen
tral figures in a dramatic episode of the
«i\il war. General Fcrrest. then little
known, even throughout the Confederacy,
in July. 1SC3. received word that the Fed
eral troops under General Crittendcn. who
were at Murfreesboro. Tenn.. forty-seven
miles away, had captured a valuable Con
federate «py. He moved quickly, and with
11 <M men romplotejy surprised Crittenden's
force in the early morning, killing many
and taking more than ISO) prisoners. For
rest arrived in time to release the man he
fought, a spy in the Army of Virginia,
known only as Mr. Paul. Paul and his
boy companion had been told only a few
hours before that they were to be hanged
next morning. Richardson was no spy,
but was captured in Paul's company.
gressman Richardson.
Eramatic Episode in the Life of Con-
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— The Sun has the
following from Washington: The report
of the Interoceanic Canal Commission,
which was handed to the President on
Wednesday, will be transmitted to Con
gress, with a special message concerning
canal legislation, after the annual mess
age has been delivered. In its report the
commission unanimously recommends the
Nicaragua^ route and will give in detail
its reasons for believing that it is the
more practicable. The report treats with
the subject of an interoceanic canal ex
haustively, basing its comments on volu
minuos reports from its field parties. A
statement from M. Hutin, president of
the Panama Canal Company, pointing out
the advantages of the Panama route and
stating the terms on which the company's
property rights and concessions may be
obtained by the United States Govern
ment, will accompany the commission's
report.
ONCE SENTENCED TO DEATH.
Nic&raguan Route.
Unanimous Recommendation of the
CANAX COMMISSION'S REPORT.
To commence such a vast work many
preparations will have to be. made, and
while these are under way all matters
requiring diplomatic action can be settled.
It is believed Secretary Hay has been
given to understand that, notwithstanding
the provisions contained In the constitu
tions of Costa Rica and Nicaragua prohib
iting: "«e alienation of land, cession of suf
ficient territory can be arranged so that
once the canal is authorized the work of
construction can begin without delay.
Nicaragua has already denounced her
treaty with Great Britain and is preparing
to take similar action in the case of the
French and other conventions.
The special concern of the diplomats
here arose from the fact that the report
announcing the signing of treaties assert
ed that the conventions contained pro
visions by which the Central American
republics agreed to renounce the treaties
existing between them and foreign gov
ernments which interfered with the ex
clusive construction of the canal bv the
United States. No such provision is con
tained in the agreements, but both -Costa
Rica and Nicaragua have assured the
State Department that they will denounce
the treaties which conflict with the con
cessions to be made to this Government.
"It is manifestly impossible." said a
high official who discussed the matter to
day, "for the Executive to make treaties
setting forth compensations that will be
given to Nicaragua and Costa Rica, when
Congress alone can determine what their
character shall be."
Nicaragua and Costa Rica are of a purely
preliminary character and on the part of
the Central American Governments guar
antee the V'nited States' right to construct
a canal in cas-e of legislation by Congress.
There is no declaration respecting com
pensation, and it is stated emphatically
that the agreements are only to facilitate
building the waterway and insuring the
acquisition of necessary construction
rights by the t'nited States upon the most
advantageous 5 terms.
Nine of the victims of the glass works
tragedy were buried yesterday. Six of
them were small boys, two had not yet
reached manhood and the ninth was but
24 years old.
From 9 o'clock in the morning until 4 in
the afternoon there was no time at which
i the funeral proceesion of some one of the
j young victims of the catastrophe might
j not be seen making its way toward the
I cemetery. Men and women and children
i saw the sad pageants and spoke sorrow
; fully of the tragedy, and sympathy for
I the bereaved was in every heart.
The Church of St. Bonjface on Golden
Gate avenue was crowded to the doors
at 2 o'clock in the afternoon by friends
j of William Valencia, a victim of Thurs
j day's accident. Long before the arrival of
j the funeral cortege the streets became
! filled with people. As the hearse, ap
| proached the crowd divided and the re-
J mains were driven through a long line of
! people, all of whom stood with bowed or
J uncovered head. Covered with flowers, the
j tokens of sympathy from shopmates ana
I boy friends, the casket was carried Into
the church, where the Rev. Father Au
gustine read the beautiful and touching
service for the dead. He referred to the
untimely ending of the young life and to
the awful blow to his paren.ts and rela
tives. The railroad shops, where deceased
was well known, were represented by four
young men who served as honorary pall
bearers. They were II. 'A. Hermann, N.
Knudsen, II. Hoffman and R. Hare. The
body bearers were all from the shop
whf.re young Valencia worked. Their
names are: George Haas, Oscar Kreutz,
Ed O'Brien, Louis Crantz, Herman Scherf
and Joseph Feoster.
The funeral of Thomas J. Rlppon was
conducted at Sacred Heart Church in the
morning, after which the body was in
terred in Holy Cross Cemetery. A solemn
high mass was eald for the repose of the
young machinist's soul and afterward the
last sad rites for the dead were read. The
mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father
Culler., and he had for his assistants two
lifelong companions of the decea'sed.Win
Sullivan and George Monaghan. As the
body was carried into the church
Chopin's "Funeral March" was played.
After the mass had been said the funeral
service was read by Rev. Father Lagan,
and a touching sermon was preachedi The
pallbearers were J. J. Dowling. C. Keenan,
J. F. Tracy. A. J. Brennan, E. J. Morgan!
F. E. McCormack, T. J. Crawford end E.
A. Learjv Of the many handsome floral
pieces offered by friends of the deceased;
giving Day Tragedy.
Funerals of Nine Victims of Thanks-
SORROWFULLY LAID TO REST.
DAT by day more names are
added to the list of those who
perished In the tragedy at
the glass works on Thursday
afternoon. Yesterday while
nine of the victims were be
ing laid in their last resting
places two more succumbed to their in
juries, making a total of twenty-one.
Ellery Crandall died at 11:30 o'clock yes
terday morning at St. Luke's Hospital.
He had suffered a compound fracture of
the thigh and a fracture of the arm, and
for a day before his death he was uncon
scious. The shock received was probably
the cause of death, though the x>ther in
juries would almost certainly have proved
fatal.
The boy was thirteen years old and the
son of Edward Crandall, who is engaged
in the real estate business in San Jose. He
lived with his mother at 1104 Market
street. About four months ago he obtain
ed a position with S. N. Wood & Co; as a
messenger boy. His employers had him
.sent to St. Luke's Hospital after the ac
cident, assuming all expenses. They held
the lad in high esteem and frequently in
trusted him with large sums of money.
Mr. Wood has agreed to bear all expenses
of the funeral, which will probably be
held in Los Gatos. The boy's father, from
whom his mother is separated, arrived
two hours after his son's death.
Eben Pearson Tice died at 3:10 p. m. at
his home, 164 Alabama street. He was a
laborer, employed by the Haslett Ware
house Company, and was '39 years old. He
leaves a wife and two children, the eldest
of whom is but two years old.
Tice lived but a block away from the
glass works and when he saw the crowd
gathering on the roof he joined it and in
the accident which followed he received
Injuries which rendered him unconscious
until his death. His spine was fractured
and he received internal injuries. His
body was removed to the Morgue and af
ter beins viewed by the Coroner's jury
taken to an undertaker's parlors at 2423
Mission street.
Eight more victims, mostly boys, are
still hovering between life and death, and
of that number four will probably die
within the next two or three days. The
total of the dead will almost certainly
reach twenty-five, and It may even exceed
that number.
Fred P. Lilly, Thomas C. Pedler and
Charles Fulton at the City and County-
Hospital will probably not recover, al
though there seems to be .a chance in
Fulton's case. All of them are uncon
scious, and Pedler and Lilly are very low.
There remain fourteen patients at this
hospital who took the terrible plunge with
the collapsing roof of the glass works.
Edward Duggan is still at the Receiving
Hospital, his condition being too Berious
to permit of his being taken home. He
has lost even semi-consciousness and yes
terday he was delirious.
Peter Carroll, brother of the little Stan
ford mascot, Jimmle Carroll, is quite low
at St. Mary's Hospital, although he Is
holding his own fairly well.
Willie Connolly, James Quinn and Ham
ilton Woods are all likely to succumb to
their injuries. Each of the boys is being
cared for at home.
Death of Ellery Crandall and Eben Pearson Tice Raises the Total to Twenty-One;
Eight Boys and Men Are Still in Precarious Condition, and Four of
Them at Least Will Probably Not Recover.
NUMBER OF DEAD OF THANKSGIVING
DAY TRAGEDY IS INCREASED BY TWO
the Short Session That Will
Begin To-Day.
Shipping Bill and Isthmian Canal Measure
Bid Fair to Provcke Lively Fights iii
Senate and House.
* .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
McKINLEY'S POLICY WILL
SHAPE THE COURSE OF
CONGRESSIONAL ACTION
" -?
White House Arranges the Programme for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
schoolmates and by teachers In the Pea
body School and hundreds of boys and
girls, pupils In the Peabody and Marshall
Primary schools, were present at the ser
vices. Interment was in Mount Olive*.
Cemetery.
LAST BITES IN DIXON.
Funeral of Virgil Newby Held at the
.Baptist Church Yesterday.
DIXON, Dec. 2.— The tragedy enacted in
San Francisco on Thanksgiving day
classmates of the deceased acted as pall-
A union meeting of the Protestant
churches of Dixon had been planned for
the hour for which the obsequies were set.
It was postponed until this evening axfl
each of the pastors sat in the pulpit of
the Baptist Church 'to assist In the sad
ceremonies. A choir composed \ of the
members of the Junior Baptist Yount?
People's Society, of which Virgil was once
a member, rendered three songs. Rev. A.
seven came from the Southern Pacific
shops, where he was formerly employed.
Many employes from Nathan, Dohr
mann & Co.'b assembled at the undertak T
Ing parlors at 957. Mission street
at 10:30 a. , m. to 'pay their' last
tribute of respect to . ' their late
companion. .Robert -Miller, a' 15-year-old
boy who was one of the: victims. Young
Miller had been taken by Mrs. Milton
Campbell of 23 Glen- Park avenue from the
Protestant Orphan Asylum three years
ago and reared as one of her own family.
After securing a position with Nathan.
Dohrmann & Co. he still resided with the
family. This company defrayed the
funeral expenses and the pallbearers were
the cash boy associates of the deceased.
Rev. Dr. Smith of the Presbyterian
Church officiated. The remains were in
terred in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Dante Monaco's funeral services were
conducted at the mortuary chapel of the
undertaking parlors at 2425 Mission street
at 9 o'clock. The pallbearers who carried
the body to its final resting place were
rhomas E. Gardiner, Herman M. Hoad
ley, Julian Godell, Leo McKInnon, "Wil
liam Potts and G. Gluckbard, all boy com
panions of deceased.
John Brough, the eighteen-year-old son
>f Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Brough, was bu
rled • from the undertaking parlors at 2425
Mission street at 10 o'clock. Long before
:he hour appointed for the service the
chapel and sidewalk '. were crowded by
'riends of the family and school compan
ons of the little fellow. The boy pall
jearers were his late Sabbath School com
panions from the First Baptist Church on
2ddy street. They were William Fisher,
rlarry Abbott, Clifford G. Sheehan,
Jharles Swears, Charles Turner and Clar
ence Bidder. The remains were interred
n Laurel Hill Cemetery.
The bell of the church of St. Charles
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 3.
San mAyrcisco, Monday, December 13, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.taxes, the armj- reorganization bill, the
river and harbor bill and several of th«
appropriation bills, and the legislative mm
will start under a full head of steam
The army reorganization bill i 3 con«M
ered particularly urgent, owing to thn t^A«"
slbility of Its meeting strenuous opp^Z
tion after it reaches the Senate and \* 12
the Intention of the leaders to Ret it nm
of the way at the earliest possible mo
ment. It will be reported ¦ probablv « "
Tuesday and will be taken upaton Ceun
less, after further consideration it it *J"
dded to let the legislative, executive n t
judicial appropriation bill; which also will
be ready on Tuesday, in ahead of it Thi
Democrats will caucus on the army bin
on Monday, and the Indications now J»
that they will offer as a substitute f W r ?h«
permanent reorganization measure a hm
extending for two ¦ or three -years Thi
present law for a provisional arrnv
The bill to reduce the war revenue taxes
has been practically completed by the r|
publican members of tho Ways and Men n a
Committee and it will be submitted to ?h
full committee on Tuesday, unless in tS
meantime a caucus of the ReDuhHno e
should be found advisable Some of
Republican members are not saMmw
with the list of articles relieved of l ax f
"on by the bill.' and if too much oono«M*
tlon becomes evident when the HousE^n,!"
venea on Monday the leaders probably wMl
call a conference or caucus for the nur
P«2 B 0f adjusting and harmoi&?dlli:eE
On Thursday the Grout oleomargarine
And works off the Cold. Laxative Rmm^
Stops the Cough
MANILA. Dec. 2.-One thousand more
bolomen have surrendered to Canfnrn
Down Their Arms.
On© Thousand Additional Rebels Lay
MORE BOLOMEN SURRENDER.
Drunken Quarrel Among Italians in
Hackensack Ends in Two
Fatalities.
NEW YORK, Dee. 2.— Frank Tuscanl
was murdered at Hackensack, N. J., to
day, and the man who slew him was in
turn stabbed fatally by friends of the
victim. It was practically a lynching on
tne part of Tuscam s friends.
John Gambola, in a arunken quarrel
stabbed Tuscanl twice Jn the neck, tho
latter dyinr in a tew minutes. Some of
Tuscanl s friends started to take Gam
bia to Jail, but, instead, took him to
an unfrequented part of the town and
stabbed him in a frightful manner.
Four Italians were arrested.
IEIENDS OF MURDERED MAU"
KILL HIS ASSAILANT
Cffers to Back McGovern.
MILWAUKEE, Dec. 2.— Sam Harri?.
manager of Terry McGovern, announces
that he is willing to back McGovern
agrainst Kid Broad in a twenty-round bout
for any sized purse. If Broad should last
fifteen rounds be will give him all of the
purfe..
"Now, unlesg-such waste is eliminated,
It becomes so much poison in the system.
The great eliminating machine of the hu
man body is the kidneys. Unless the kid
neys do the work, the system is saturated
with poisons.
"A business man should get all the ex
ercise he needs from the requirements of
his business. A long walk only further
calls upon his reserve. Violent golf or
tennis only put a greater strain upon his
system. If he says ho needs fresh air,
oxygen, he can get it In his office, if the
latter be properly ventilated. He does not
need to exercise to breathe fresh air."
"I say that exercise for a business man
or men past middle age is detrimental. I
exclude th« young and the laborer, Every
action, whether of brain or muscle, de
stroys cells, uses up tissue and creates
waste matter to be taken up by the blood
and to be eliminated from the system.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— The World has
the following from Chicago: Dr. Albert
II. Hoy, after years of patient research,
says exercise Is positively unhealthful for
men past thirty-five years of age. Dr.
Hoy has published a book on "Eating and
Drinking," which is praised by the pro
feppion. He is a specialist in hygiene.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Donald Ross, of the late well-known
house of Ross & Hewlett, Is lying danger
ously injured at his home in the Mission.
Since the dissolution of the firm, Mr. Ross
has spent most of his time in attending
to his private business, while his spare
time was spent in hunting, f
About a fortnight ago Mr. Ross went to
Bolinas on business and one day last
week he started on a hunting trip. He
had promised ducks, quail and other game
to all his friends and was in hopes of se
curing a good bag. While climbing a
fence, the top rail broke and the hunter
was thrown violently to the ground His
gun followed him and the concussion dis
charged both barrels, the entire contents
lodging in Mr. Ross* left arm. The flesh
was torn away and the bone shattered
but nevertheless he picked up his gun and
walked back to Tomales. where he was
attended by the local physician. He was
then removed to Bolinas and Dr. G Chiid^
MacDonald of San Francisco v,-as tele
phoned for. As soon as Dr Mar!Vin,M
reached Bolinas he at once ordered at r
Ross Vemoved to San Francisco. The un
fortunate man bore the Journey well hut
home! 168 lD a » recari <™ J cond e i?!on e at his
Dr. MacDonald said last iu>h* >,- »,
"«?«•' «vinff Mr Ross' arm h ° had
When the rail broke and Mr n ft «
fell." said he. "a piece of the broken Mm
ber struck both barrels of the irun S
force enough to discharge the cfrtrtrivl
Mr. Ross is now doing Is well cln h«
expected and if all goes well hfwil ? £,
fe'F.Sf.* n ° thlng W ° r8e tha « * SXpiSi
Donald Ross May Lose Arm
Through Breaking of a
Fence Rail.
ANOTHER HUNTER
SHOOTS HIMSELF
Dr. Hoy's Advice to Men
Past Thirty-Five Years
of Age.
SAYS EXERCISE
IS UNHEALTHFUL
The accident was due to a misconstruc
tion of train orders. The double-header
was running down grade, and It was Im
possible to slacken its speed before the
crash came. The engineer of the passen
ger, train applied his air and reversed.
Both he and his fireman Jumped and
paved their lives. Neither has been seen
since the accident, and it is supposed they
fled to avoid being arrested and held re-
Fponsible under the Mexican laws, which
are exceedingly severe on train men. It Is
eaid that an attempt was made by the
EL PASO, Tex.. Dec 2.— Meager details
of a disastrous wreck on the Mexican Cen
tral Railway 100 miles south of this city
Friday night reached here to-day. "While
running at full speed on the main line a
south-bound passenger train and a north
bound double-header freight or work train
crashed together. The three engines and a
dozen or more cars were piled In a pro
miscuous heap. Eleven persons, according
to a dispatch received to-night, were in
stantly killed and twenty were seriously,
Eome of them fatally. Injured.
survivors to lynch them. Engineer Ross
and Firemen Reeves and Harveson of the
freight train were caught under the debris
and crushed o.r scalded to death.
A wrecking train with a corps of sur
geons was dispatched from Jlmulco, which
is twenty-five miles north of the spot
where the wreck occurred. The bodies of
the dead were piled in a heap as fast as
they could be removed from the debris
and the injured were removed to Jimulco
The telegraph operator at Jimulco is an
employe of the railway company, and full
details of the accident could not be ob
tained. He could furnish no complete list
of killed and injured, but it was learned
to-night. that most of the dead and wound
ed were Mexicans, who were riding in
third-class coaches or on the freight train
next the engines.
At 7 o'clock to-night eleven bodies had
been removed from the wreckage, three
being those of the freight engineer and
firemen, and the probabilities then were
that several more bodes were buried un
der the ruins. The wreckage caught fire
but the flames were extinguished before
much damage was done. The wreck was
one of the most disastrous In the annals
of the Mexican Central Railway.
Eleven Meet Death, in a Wreck on the
Mexican Central.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
TRAINS COME TOGETHER
WITH DISASTROUS RESULTS
TORK. Dec. 2.— Georgia Cay-
I van. the once popular actress, is
in a private hospital suffering
from nervous prostration in such
acute form that little hope for
her restoration to health is entertained
by her physicians.
Six weeks ago she was sent to Sanford
Hall in Flushing when it was decided re
covery in her own home was out of the
question.
Miss Cayvan's collapse has been physi
cal as well as mental and she is now com
pelled to live in such seclusion that her
intimate friends are kept from her room.
She has grown very thin. . At times she
rallies from her melancholy, but these
spells of improvement are only temporary
It was decided last October that the
means by which ehe could be treated
could not be found In a home. Six weelcs
ago she was secretly removed to the sani
tarium at Flushing.
The cause of her present illness is be
lieved to be her failure to recover com
pletely from an operation performed five
years ago. She was compelled after that
Special Dispatch to The Call.
to retire from the stage for a year. When
she resumed her professional work loner
tours from one end of the country to th=j
other exhausted her strength.
Sterns Gives a Dinner.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Stern gave a dinner
to-night at their residence In honor of
the United States Commissioners to tho
Paris Exposition, who recently returned
to this country. The host himself was one
of the Commissioners. The guests num
bered about fifty, among those in attend
ance being the following: Mrs. Potter
Palmer, Mrs. Daniel Manning^ M. H. de
Young, Brutus J. Clay, Ogden H. Feath
ers, Thomas F. Walsh, Calvin Manning:,
Alvln H. Sanders. William L. Elkins.
James Allison, Arthur R. Valois, H. M.
Putney. Peter Jansen, "W. N. Thornton,
Franklin Murphy, Henry A. Parr and W.
G. Thompson. The Commissioners will
go to Philadelphia to-morrow, where they
will be entertained by William L. Elklns.
On "Wednesday the party will' start for
"Washington, where they will be guests
at a White House dinner given in their
honor by President McKlnley. On Thurs
day the Commissioners will be dined by
Thomas F. Walsh, who was the Commis
sioner from Colorado.
Once Popular Actress a Sufferer
From Nervous Prostration.
GEORGIA CAYVAN DYING
IN NEW YORK HOSPITAL
TIENTSIN, Dec. 2.— Russia, it is under
stood here, will transfer the Shanghai
Kwan Railroad to the Germans Decam
ber 15.
MR. McKINLEY'S POLICY.
Continued From First Page.
Russia's Plans.
LiONDON, Dec. 2.— According to the St.
Petersburg 1 correspondent of the Daily
Mail, Prince Uhktomskl, now In Pekine
was commissioned to negotiate with O
Hung Chang for the transfer of the con
trol of the Shanghai Kwan Railroad to
Russia.
Russia Seeks Control.
NEW TORK, Dec. 2.— The Sun has the
following from Peking: LI Hung Chang
and Princo Ching, Chinese plenipotentia
ries, are considering a suggestion which
has been made to them that they ascer
tain what the Empress Dowager thinks
of a proposition that tiie court return
from Singan-Fu to Peking under a guar
antee of protection to be given by all
powers. This guarantee, however, would
b» made conditional upon the Empress
taking no part in the government In the
future. Furthermore, she would have to
agree to live at the summer palace or
some other place away from the Emperor,
the choice of such residence, being left
to her, but the powers would guarantee
that she receive an assured income for
the balance of her life. Under this plan
the Emperor would resume the throne
and exercise all the powers that were
usurped by the Empress Dowager and the
latter would agree not* to interfere with
his Majesty.
The first locomotive since the Blege of
the legations ran yesterday from Tients'u
to Peking. The line will not be opened,
however, for general use until about De
cember 15.
PROPOSAL TO THE EMPRESS.
The number of Chinese returning has
been considerably augmented, during the
last few days. Apparently they are
friendly. The provost marshals of tha
various nations are dally informed as to
the whereabouts of returning Boxers, but
only those are arrested against whom
thfere is conclusive evidence of havins
killed native Christians.
TIENTSIN, Dec. 2, via Shanghai.—Pro
tests and requests have been forwardel
to Field Marshal Count von Waldersee by
representatives of the powers urging the
prevention of tho removal of astronomical
instruments from ' the observatory at Pe
king. Most of the principal instrument?
have been prepared for shipment and la
beled for-Berlln or Paris. The Chinese
themselves do not protest, because, as
members of LJ Hung Chang's staff put it,
their objections would be useless, as
whatever they say or do in the way of
protest only elicits uncivil treatment.
The observatory is universally recog
nized as one of the most interesting sights
In Peking. Most of tho Instruments now
out of place are more than luu years old.
Many of them are magnificent bronzes
and, although not of modern type, may
still be used for the purposes of astron
omical observations.
Astronomical Instruments.
Powers Object to Removal of Peking
Chanjr Chih Tung has received a dis
patch from Sln-Fu, says the Shanghai
correspondent of the Standard, directing
him to stop the forwarding of further
supplies to the province of Shensi. It is
rumored that Emperor Kwang Su will
return to Peking immediately, and that
the Empress Dowager will follow if tne
reception given him is satisfactory.
Tho Shanghai correspondent of the
Times reports, also, that It Is believed In
well-informed circles that the Chinese
court is anxious to return to Peking, but
he says that such a course would not be
arreeable to Li Hunir Chang, who hopes
to gain an Advantage from dissensions
among the powers.
*
PROTEST TO VON WALDERSEE.
LONDON, Dec. 2.— Count von Walder-
Bee expresses some solicitude, says the
Peking correspondent of the Morning
Post, concerning expeditions into the sur
rounding country, but he believes that
they are necessary and saluatary. The
most of the British officers approve them.
Sir Robert Hart, in the course of a con
versation, said he considered the resent
ment against foreigners to be partly Just
ana the outgrowth of the last sixty years
of treaty relations. He seemed to think
the settlement would be a difficult prob
lem.
Chinese militia forces are being formed
everywhere, and even if the importa
tion of foreign arms is prohibltied a sup
ply will be easily obtained from Chinese
arsenals. A body of 100 American caval
rymen Is escorting some Chinese officers
to Tientsin.
Safe Escort.
Anxious to Go to Peking if Given
EMPRESS WOULD RETURN.
. WASHINGTON, Dec 2.—Administra
tion officials continue sanguine that the
Ministers of the powers at Peking will
soon reach a common ground of agree
ment in the demands to be made upon
the Chinese Imperial Government in satis
faction for the - Boxer outrage*. The
State Department is In communication
with th© Ministers and Embassadors of
the United States to the European courts
and advices which have come from them
from time to time lead the officials here
to hope that the powers will be
brought to the position maintained by the
United States in dealing with the Chinese,
viz., that there should not be demands
made upon the Imperial Government
which It is not able to fulfill. Our Gov
ernment has persistently held to this view
In the progress of the - negotiations be
tween the Minister's at Peking, and if the
principle of this contention can be main
tained in the combined note to be handed
to the Chinese plenipotentiaries, a decided
advantage will be had at the start.
The attitude of our Government on this
subject has been made clear to Mr, Con
ger. The meeting between Mr. Conger
and the German and British Ministers
yesterday at Peking presumably was in
compliance with the Minister's latest In
structions from Washington. Nothing has
been heard from Mr. Conger by the State
Department for several days.
Reassuring Advices Received From
This Government's Represen
tatives at the Foreign
.Courts. , .
Washington Expects Euro
pean Powers to Agree
to Its Terms.
MAY SOON SOLVE
CHINESE PROBLEM
Dt-wet Has Seven Guns.
LONDON. Dec. 3.— No further details
have been, received regarding the capture
by the Boer? of the garrison at
Dewetsdorp. November 23. but it is said
that General Dewet had seven guns.
LADVSMITH. Dec. 2.— Lord Roberts
t ho arrived here on Friday, inspected
Majuba and Laingrs Nek while en route
Replying to an address from the towns
people here; he expressed his admiration
of the gallant defense of the town, which
tie. characterized as a "glorious memorial
of British pluck and endurance, only
equaled by the determination and
bravery of the relieving force." He said
he trusted the day was not far distant
when .peace should reign supreme and
"without 111 feellnjj toward a conquered
foe." Lord Roberts has visited Colenso
and the surrounding battlefields.
Their Defense.
Compliments the Townspeople on
LORD ROBERTS AT UADYSMITH.
.When questioned wiih regard to the
war in South Africa he said he agree.l
with I^ord Roberts that 29.000 more reg
ulars should be sent out because any
f-lackcning would only revive the spirits
of the Boers. He estimated the Boer
forces at present at about 7000.
QT:EENSTOWN, Dec. 2. — Winston
Fpence.r Churchill, who is a passenger on
theCunard Line steamer Lucania. which
left Liverpool yesterday for New York
i-uid in the course of an interview here
lhat his soujourn in the United States
¦would -be short.
With Jjord Roberts.
3I0BE KEGUXAES ABE NEEDED.
Winston Spencer Churchill Sides
BLOEMKONTEIN, Dec. 2.— Further de
tails have been received regarding the
fight nrar Rectfontein between the Brit
ish under General Paget and the Boers
under Commandants Yillejoen and Eras
mus November 2S and 2*J. General Paget,
toward evening on the second day, closed
in- on the Boer position with the inten
tion of attacking next day at dawn. The
Boers, however, with reinforcements, in
cluding three guns, made a desperate at
tack and is^vere lighting ensued.
The Boers, who were repulsed with
heavy loss, withdrew in a northeasterly
oirecticn. General Paget, having oc
cupied their position, sent mounted in
fantry, in pursuit. The Now Zealandcrs
displayed great gallantry, losing five out
«'f the six wounded officers.
ing Near Eectfortein.
Further Details of Desperate Fight-
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 2.— Replying at
Btellcnborch. Capo Colony, to an address
presented to him by the leaders of the
A f rikanderbund. J. Morrlman. former
treasurer of Cape Colony, in the course
of an Impassioned speech, denounced the
war in South Africa as "one of the black
c*t spots in Britij>h annals." The pres
ent methods of British warfare, he said,
were such as encouraged the worst
element uti both sides and were bound to
prove fatal to the ultimate peace of the
country. He. declared that neither he
nor J. W. Sauer. former Commissioner of
Public Works, would attend the Wor
cester Congress, lest it should be said
that tr.^ Congress was engineered by pol
iticians, and he apoealed to all Afri
kanders to fpeak boldly when upholding
their rights, and yet to "avoid all language
or actions which might lead to the abro
gation of .the last vestag-e of freedom"
Mr. Sauer, Whose speech was rather
more militant, demanded the removal
tif Sir Alfred Milner. who he described as
"violently anti-Dutch." He declared that
if Great Britain deprived the two repub
lics of their independence she would lose
the affection of all South Africans. Re
ferring to the Worcester congress, he
urged the delegates to show firmness.
•
HEAVY HEPTJXSE OF BOEHS.
urer of Cape Colonv.
Impassioned Speech by Former Treas-
DENOUNCES TBANSVAAL WAR.
'. BERLIN*. ' Dec. 2..— Mr. Kruger has
.abundened his proposed visit to Berlin,
• owing to the receipt of an official intima
.tion thai Emperor William regrets that
jn consequence of previous arrangements
1.3 will be.urablp to receive him. The
: B"er StaiWman will therefore proceed di
rect, from. Cologne Tor Holland. He tele
' praphed-.to-'th'ls" effect !thls afternoon.
¦ The CVJrgTie Gazette, in an inspired ar
ticle, fays: "Mr: Kruger"* visit is not
" agreeable to -Germany, his aim being to
fjitain Intervention in South Africa. It
would be- .a (arrav<« political mistake — 't
.' would bi? even a great crime — to allow
him to ehterjaift even a spark of hope
'that Germany., will render him any prac
. tical. purport.";
.This- dy-flynation is accompanied by re
proachep, >Ir. Kruger twMng; charged with
. "'haviiijj '. encournged : a ustM^FS guerrilla
warfare and having disregarded Ger
'rr.anys advice., when he might have still
'.¦ followed it," . • • ¦
1 ne : press • generally strikes the Fame
note.- ¦
COLOGNE', Dec. 2.— Thousands of peo
ple waited to-day in : ihe vicinity of the
.-Cathedral- .Hotel to; retell a g-limr>se of
¦^1r. Krugpr. who, when roplyinp to the
'deputation of J3ohn stjiients In the after
noon, described the educational progress
¦ of ' the Transvaal, thanked n.e students
lor their kind welcome and shook han'is
'¦wifh each. Afterward he appeared upon
\he balcrrny and was loudly cheered. Hav
irg rested for half an hour bo went into
the .vestibule of the hotel, which was
.vrowded with visitors. Here, replying to
a deputation fmm the Pan-German
Lone wishing him success, he referred
to the close relationship between the
Boers and the Gfrmans. It Is expected
that Mr. Kruger will remain here until
Wednesday.
LONDON. Dec 3.— The morning papers !
oornrn<Ti with unhauiided enthusiasm!
upon the "abrupt snub administered by '
Emperor William to Mr. Kruger, which
is »1I the more noticeable when contrast
ed with the Boer statesman's successful
Visit t<> France. The snsb is regarded as ;
.further evidence of the grood relations
existing- between Germany and Great
Uritaln.- -
Emperor William's telepram to the Ger
man Minister at Luxembourg was the
• outcome of the following dispatch which
sit. Krujrer sent to "he Kaiser on arrlv- I
jr.p at the German frontier:
• "On reach <r.g German soil I hasten to
¦express to your Majesty my sentiments of ]
respectful devotion ard cordlaJ sympa- I
thy." ¦
The official explanation offered through
the German press Is that steps had not
Wn taken to ascertain whether Mr. Kru- i
pers visit would be agreeable. The Boer |
delegates admit that they have received
r>. serious check and Mr. Krug-er is said
to be extremely disheartened. There is a '
rumor that he had been requested to avoid
Helpium territory. • ¦ !
• PARIS. Dec. 2.— Emperor William's re- !
fuyal to receive Mr. Krujrer ha? caustd :
peneral surprise here. Most of the morn- i
inc papers make it an excuse for articles t
¦ sympathizing with the Boer statesman I
farid condemning the Kaiser.
"The Kaiser is no longer a modern I»
herprln.V says the Echo de Paris, "but a |
«irnw!e .disrinle of Bismarck. His attl- I
tu.jp is dictated by the interests of Ger
many, whir-h he considers identicai with
..those of Enpland."
Some papers publish the Kaiser's fa
mous telegram of 1596 to Mr. Kruger sida
by side with that of yesterday.
The Intransigeant and Nationalist or-
Eans comment with their customary vl>
-lence.:'
Boer. Chief for Encouraging
'•;• Useless Guerrilla War-
Receires Official Intimation
¦:"; That the Kaiser Cannot
Receive Him.
- Berlin Press Reproaches the Aged
KROGER WILL NOT
VISIT GERMANY
HUNTINGTON. W. Va., Dec. 2.— The
steamers Tom Dodsworth and Volunteer
both Pittsburgh towboats, collided twenty
miles above here to-day. Almost thirty
coal : boats containing 500.000 bushels of
coal sank. The loss is JHKUMQ.
Collision, of Coal Boats.
parents, and Is an heiress In her own right
In a modest way.
De Bourcia Is dapper, of medium height,
with a round face and delicate features!
His eyes and hair are black, and he wears
his small mustache twisted into points.
H© is a good horseman, an expert fencer,
crack shot and a clubman popular In
Paris.
Shipping Subsidy Measure to Dis
place the Philippine BilL
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— The Senate
will be called to order at 12 o'clock to
morrow, but beyond the -probable reading
of the President's message will transact
no business, adjourning till Tuesday out
of respect to the memory. of Senators
Davis and Gear. Senator Allison will
make the announcement of the death of
his late colleague. Senator Gear, and
tnere is hope that Senator Nelson may ar
rive in time to perform a similar service
concerning Senator Davis. These an
nouncements will be preceded by tho
ceremony of swearing in tne new mem
bers, who this year are Mr. Dolllver, who
has been appointed to succeed Senator
Gear, and Mr. Dillingham, who taKes the
place formerly occupied by Senator
itoss of Vermont, and the appointment of
the usual committees to wait upon the
President and the House of Representa
tives. •
Mr. Frye expects to get up the ship
ping subsidy bill on Tuesday, and if not
on that day then on Wednesday, and, in
doing this, to have the Spooner Philip
pine bill displaced. This will be the be
ginning of the important work of the
session, and upon the success or failure
of the scheme may depend much of the
future course of proceedings for the en
tire session. In order to accomplish this
result it will be necessary first to get the
consent of the Republican Committee on
Order of Business, and to this end a meet
ing of that committee will be held after
the adjournment of the Senate on Monday
afternoon. •
Mr. Frye Baid to-day that he had con
ferred with a majority of the members
o*. the committee, and that he felt assured
he would have no difficulty in securing
the assent to the proposed change. Thus
far there has been no consultation with
Democratic Senators, but the friends of
tho shipping bill do not look for factious
opposition to the taking up of the bill
from that source. A motion to take up
the measure is not debatable under tne
Senate rules, so they are confident of a
majority on a vote if a rollcall should be
demanded. It is probable that a friendly
arrangement will be made with Senator
Morgan, who has the Nicaragnan bill in
charge, that bill being on the calendar as
a special order for the 10th inst.
There is some talk of an effort during
the week to get up the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty In executive session. A movement
is on foot to secure the assent of the
Committee on Foreign Relations to the
abandonment of the Davis amendment to
ti.e treaty for the fortification of the pro
posed canal.
The usual custom of adjourning • over
from Thursday until the following Mon
day during the first week of the session
will probably be departed from this ses
sion. That is the desire of the Republican
leaders now. here, ann there probably will
be no such adjournment.
PROGRAMME IN THE SENATE.
bill will come up as a special order under
a rule made at the last session. It im
poses a tax of 10 cents per pound on oleo
margarine, butterine or other manufac
tured butters colored in Imitation of but
ter. It has strong backing In the dairy
Interests, and while It will meet warm op
position from the interests that are an
tagonizing it, when It reaches a vote Its
passage Is regarded as a foregone conclu
sion. Two days it is thought will suffice
for its consideration.
Saturday, under a special order made
last session, will be devoted to eulogies on
the life, character and public services of
the late Representative Harmer of Penn
sylvania, who for several years enjoyed
the distinction of being the member hold
ing the record for longest continuous ser
vice and therefore entitled to the title of
"father of the House."
No business will be transacted at the
session to-morrow beyond the probable
reading of the President's message. The
deaths of the late Representatives Daly of
New Jersey and Hooker of Delaware,
which occurred during the recess, as well
as the deaths of Senators Davis and Gear,
will be announced immediately after the
roll is called, and the House will adjourn
at once out of respect to their memories.
MISS ADELE ATLEE. the charm
ing younger daughter of "Wal
ter F. Atlee of Philadelphia,- Is
the latest American girl to wed
a title. She is the bride of
Louis, Viromte de Branges de Bourcla.
•whoso title runs back to the Bourbon
Kings, and whose house Is among the
most Illustrious in France. The Vicomte
is not wealthy, nor was Miss Atlee a
great heiress, although a daughter of one
of the exclusive families of Philadelphia.
It was a love match, pure and simple.
The bride Is the younger daughter of
Dr. Atlee, and was educated at Notre
Dame in Paris. She Is pretty, a deml
blonde, with graceful carriage and en
gaging personality. Although of the
bluest of the blue blood of Philadelphia,
the Atlecs go little into society, holding
themselves exceedingly exclusive. They
travel abroad much. The bride's grand
father was a celebrated physician and her
great-great-grandfather a royal judge of
the Province of Pennsylvania.
It was In Paris three years ago that
Miss Atlee met the Viscount. Subsequent
meetings ripened into love, but Dr. Atlee,
who la a rugged republican, refused to
recognize the Viscount's title, Insisting
that If he married his daughter he must
sink rank In the plain gentleman so long
as he should sojourn In America.
Acceding to this, the Viscount, whose
escutcheon bears thirty-five quarterings,
sunk his title and had his cards printed
"Mr. Louis de Branges de Bourcia."
The De Bourcias are well-to-do, but not
rich. The house Is prominent among the
Roman Cathollo families of France. The
Viscount has a modest competence. His
bride has prospects upon the death of her
Robert H. McName« has gone to New
Tork as the legal representative of the
cigarmakers to confer with Sir. Gomj>ers.
He will ask Mr. Gompers to take such
action as is possible toward cutting off
the box supply from New Tork and to
have the railroads stop hauling Tampa
made cigars.
TAMPA. Fla., Dec. 2.— The Trades Gen
eral Council to-day called the sympathetic
strike off. It was decided that the trades
unions should assist the Cigarmakers'
Union. In the Interest of which the general
strike was called, with liberal donations
from their salaries. Every line of indus
try will begin work to-morrow except the
boxmakers.
Makers With Donations.
Trades Unions Will Assist Cigar-
STBIKE DECLARED OFT.
Department orders were sent by the- Navy
Department to-day to Commander Bel
knap of the training ship Dixie, now at
Cafu. to proceed to Tanglers. take on
board Mr. Gunmere, United States Consul
General there, and go to Mazatraa, whence
Gunmere will proceed overland to Fez,
the capital of Morocco, to present to th©
Sultan the demand ot the United States
for the payment of $5000 Indemnity on ac
count or the murder of Marcus Ezaguln.
an American citizen. While Gunmere Is
at Fez the Dixie will remain at Mazagan
ready, to back up the demand of the Con
sul General If the Sutian should decline to
accede to It.
The Dixie is a converted cruiser, not as
formidable as a ship built for war pur- *
poses, but formidable enough to do all
that may be required of her. She Is a sis
ter ship of the Yosemlte. lost near Guam
two weeks ago. Her original name was
El Rio. She carries a battery of ten six-
Inch rapld-fh-e guns, and in her secondary
battery are six slx-pounders and two
Colts.
Special IMspatch to The Calt
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— In accordance
with arrangements made with the State
Ordered to Anchor Off Mazagan Wijto
the American BepresentatiT*
Calls Upon tho
Sultan.
Training Ship Will Back
Up Demands of Consul
Gunmere.
DIXIE TO COERCE
MOROCCO'S RULER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MQ]$DAY < DECEMBER 3, 1900.
Charming Adele Atlee of Phila
delphia Weds a Title.
AMERICAN GIRL BECOMES
THE COUNTESS DE BOURCIA
GEORGIA CATVAN, THE ACTRESS, WHOSE DEATH IS EXPECTED
AS THE RESULT OP AN ATTACK OF NERVOUS PROSTRATION IN
ACCUTE FORM.
ADBLB VICOMTESSB DB BRANGES DB BOURCIA, THE PHILADEL
PHIA GIRL WHO HAS WEDDED A SCION OP ONE OP THE MOST
ILLUSTRIOUS HOUSES IN FRANCE.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Catarrh, Asthma and Grip,
Relieves Colds, Opens Up All the Air Passages,
Instantly Cures Sore Throat, Bronchitis
and All Lung Diseases.
CURES BY INHALATION.
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled through the mouth, and emitted
from the ndstrils, cleansing and vaporizing all the inflamed tmd diseased
ports ¦which cannot ba reached by medicine taken into the stomach.
It permeates every air pasaac*.
And at one* destroys th» dlseas* rarma.
It cures through medicated and vitalized air.
It is an Invigorating tonic to the vital force*.
Tou are not confined to the mere odor of a remedy.
Tou obtain the remedy itself applied directly to the ailment.
It positively cures Catarrh and diseases of the oual omns.
It positively cures diseases of th« throat and lunxs.
It enables you to cure yourself at home ; '- "-*-
It Is a powerful yet harmless antiseptic. •
It is as easy to breathe as the common air. •
It renders unnecessary any cutting, burning or canttrixiar
It destroys at once the bacilli of bronchlU* and eonsumntlon.
Its use Is followed immediately by a sense of relief. *"¦""- . . •. . .
It enables you to save bis doctor's fees. " * - ¦' ¦ ~"
It Is the most rational treatment known. . "":»•¦" ¦¦ •
i It makes you feel like a new person, 7 -
Gome and See It, Come and Try It*
TWO STYLFS> "P* Klas» family Inhaler pictured la cut l» 4e.ifned for tit*
.* m. ««Sl v.M m ,5 0me - Th8 P 00 " 1 lnh * I « > «» n*<S» ot hard ruW. handy,
portable, unbreakable, unepillable; can be carried In the pocket.
PRICE $1.00. WITH ALL MEDICINES COMPLETE. SOLD BY ALL
DRUGGISTS.
Special Free Exhibition This Week at the Following Drug Stores :
THE OWL DRUG CO., NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.
1128 Market St. go Market St.. .¦
LOUIS ZEH PHARMACY, MCDONNELL PHARMACY,
1228 Market BL jm to 119 Grant At*, ¦ ;.'; ."; •"; .";*;¦" .•¦
GRANT DRUG COMPANY, GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.,
SI and 40 Third St. . u t K«arny. St.
H. G GERDES, v
MS Kearay St. Cor. Pine. .' . •• - ; . ,
the^nha!er lt a?™ a J1 tH a 7 in v be On h * s ? d to » n8 ~«" *" cations. Everybody to- tartUd %#*• .
attention to^mall orders. "* welcom * to * treatment whether you purchas* or aoc Special
Munyon's Homeopathic Remedies.
.h . Thls _ com P*ny has prepared separate uDeclfcs for all diseases, which ar» sold by all dro»> V
¦&"»• tn^mnnSclor 80 caTSe^ mf^e. With them every mother ; can b-
I will guarantee that my Rheumatism Cure will cure rheumatism In a f«w hoars; that my
Dyspepsia Cur. will cure any casH? Indtentton Tor SESaeh. trouble; that W per wnt tf kld-
ney complaints including: Bright's Disease can be cured with my Kidney Cure; that my .
Catarrh Oi re will cure catarrh of the head threat and stomach, no matter how ehronfo or
a " d ' nr i l, hat n *rv°«s aff«tlo£i •SS'dl.eS*." the heart ar. controlled and^urjdbr
TREATMENT BY MAIL.
Write Prof. Munyon for advice. ' which is ABSOLUTELY FREE. The most obstinate eaWV
successfully treated in strictest confidence. "Guide to Health" FREE. . ""T"^
MUNYON'S H.R.B. CO.; 1505 Arch St., Phila;Martinelll, the apostolic delegate, will
participate at services to be held at St.
Patrick's Church in this city at midnight
on December 31 to consecrate the new
century to God.
A year ago the Pop* gave special r>er
mlssion with a view to wide exercises of
the privilege to siny a solemn mass at
midnight of December 81 of lastyyear to
consecrate the closing year of the cen
tury and to repeat Jt on December. 31
next tor consecrating the entire new cen
tury. The coming ceremony is expected
to Se an unusually brilliant one. Moat of
the Bishops throughout th« country prolK
ably, will hold similar eoleznn services.
Archbishop Martinelli to Hold Mid
night Services at St. Patrick's,
Washington, on the 31st
WASHINGTON, Doc. 2.— Archbishop
WILL CONSECRATE THE
NEW OENTTJBY TO GOD
ROSEBXJRO, Or.. Dec 2.— Perry Kln
caid. aged 18 years, of Auburn, Wash.,
met a horrible death \ this . morning near
Comstock while riding on a brakebeam.
Klncald was accompanied by his i elder
brother, but tho latter failed to get on
the last train. Young Kincaid attempted
to change his position on the rods, when
he lost nis hold and was drugged under
the train over a mile, portions of his body
being scattered along 1 the way; -
Killed by a Train.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2.— A call has been is
sued by the National Livestock Associa
tion for a convention to be held in Salt
Lake on January 15. The convention will
deliberate on the extension of the industry
and Its general Improvement. Every
State and Territory Is entitled to repre
sentation, as are State livestock sanitary
boards, railroads, chambers of commerce,
stock yard companies and all allied in
dustries. .
Some\of the subjects that will come up
for -discussion will be: Resolutions favor
ing Government Instead, of State inspec
tion of livestock and against the passing
of the Grout bill; the* use of forest reser
vations for grazing purposes; methods to
secure - annual vital statistics in relation
to livestock industry; irrigation and its
relation to the grazing of arid lands of
the West; methods of securing more uni
versal laws regarding livestock; our ex
port trade and methods of building up the
same; transportation of livestock by rail
roads.
tant Topics. -
15 for Discussion of Impor-
Will Meet in Salt Lake' on January
LIVESTOCK ASSOCIATION
* CALLS FOB COlTvTINTION
SAN JOSE, Dec. 2.— A jury has decided
that C. H. Huckaby was not damaged on
account of his arrest at the Instance of
his father-in-law. J. H. Moelleriner. The
plaintiff alleged that his feelings had been
damaged to the extent of $12,500. .The case
was on trial all the week and this morn-
Ing the Jury, after being out all night,
agreed, finding a I verdict for defendant.
Judge Rhodes held a special session of
court this morning to hear the verdict.
Huckaby's troubles were of a domestic
character, and when his wife left him to
go home to her father Moellering became
Involved. The plaintiff called on his wife
several times to get her to oome back to
him and each time was arrested at the
instance of his father-in-law. Once it was
for disturbing the peace, then battery and
threats to murder. Huckaby spent some
days In jail, but succeeded In clearing
himself. He then sued for $12,500 dam
ages for malicious prosecution and injured
feelings, but the Jury decided h« had not
suffered to any extent.
favor of the Defendant, J. H.
Moellering.
San Jose Jury Brings in a Verdict in
HT7CKABY FATLS TO
SECURE DAMAGES
State Superintendent of Public instruc
tion Beok has Just returned from the
promised land, and his reports of the
great opportunities for limited capital
have given an impetus to the movement.
About December 15 Mr. Beck will return
to the South, this time leading a party of
a dozen of his fellow officers, who will
make a thorough Investigation and will
then conclude arrangements. It is said
that Governor Poynter will not be con
nected with the movement.
1JNCOLN, Neb.. Dee. X— Nebraska Pop
ulists are planning a wholesale emigration
to the Indian Territory. State officials
who have lost their positions as a result
of the recent election are leaders in the
movement. They say they will not remain
In a State In which they are la a political
minority. Many of tho officials and their
clerks have lost either the opportunity or
the inclination to revert to their former
occupations.
Twenty-five dollars for forty acres is the
price of land In Southern Indian Territory.
By expatiating on the advantages of this
great agricultural opening and by using
also the promise of certain political su
premacy In the future as an argument,
these retiring officials have persuaded
many of their party supporters all over
the State to embark with them in the ven
ture, and indications are at present that
the enterprise will be carried out.
6p»elal Dispatch to Th* OalL
Wholesale Emigration From
Nebraska to Indian
Territory. ,
POPULISTS TO GO
OH A PILGRIMAGE
CHICAGO, Dec. 2.— Though the formal
opening of the livestock exposition does
not take place until to-morrow, the gates
were opened to-day and the exhibits view
ed, by fully 10,000 people. Most of the ex
hlblts have been, jnatalled,
View Livestock Exhibit.
Navigation companies have done an un
usually profitable business this year. The
earnings of the North German Lloyd Com
pany are estimated ? at 9,000,000 marks
above the figures for 1899.
The prohibition of the Importation of
canned meats caused unusually heavy im
ports up to September SO, in anticipation
of the law becoming effective. Of the
total 4005 came from the United States.
as against 1929 for tho corresponding pe
riod of the previous year.
The ease In money causes unusual activ
ity in new issues of stocks and bonds.
.Obligations of the Allegemeine Elek
tricitates Gesellschaft to the amount of
15.000,000 marks at 4% per cent will be sub
scribed December 6 at 99%. Helios Elek
tricitates Gesellschaft will issue 4,000,000
In shares at 6 per cent, and 1,000,000 at 5
per cent. .
The Bourse estimates the financial needs
or the Government at 300.000,000 marks. '¦
The eas« In money caused a rise
In domestic! government funds, as well
as animated foreigners to the gener
al market. Iron shares vacillated con
siderably, but the gains for the week
ranged from 4 to 8 points. The market
was strengthened by the prolongation of
the girder and half-finished products syn
dicate, and by tho expression of opinions
by the heads of the coal syndicate that
the depression in iron would be only tem
porary. Nevertheless Iron prices contin
ued to fall.
/ On the Bourse th» most sensational
event of the week was the meeting of
the shareholders and creditors of two
mortgage banks whose affairs, as already
claimed, became embarrassed recenti-
Their total obligations are 465,000,000
marks, which, at present quotations, rep
resent a loss of. 110,000,000 marks. .
From Reichabank officials It is ascer
tained that the bank now looks forward
to entering upon the new year with the
existing rate. It also appears that last
week's movement, so far as the bank is
concerned, was highly satisfactory. Gold
to the amount of 10,000,000 marks was im
ported, and further sums are expected
from England soon.
BERLIN, Dec. t— Under unusually easy
money conditions th© monthly settlement
passed off. Private discount advanced
temporarily to i& per cent, but fell back
y%. Tho market expects easier rates.
Private Discount Advanced
a Little but Fell Back
to One-Eighth.
MONEY CONDITIONS
EASY IN BERLIN
j took the acid.
Marchant Acquitted.
JACKSON. Dec 2.-8. A. Marchont of
San Francisco has been acquitted on a
charge of highway robbery preferred by
Nicholas Belluominl. lhe latter missed a
purse containing $145 and accused Mar
chant of having taken it from his room.
It was found In Marchant's possession,
but he claimed to have found It This
was his second trial, th« first Jury hav
ing- disagreed. _ j
young woman who took carbolic acid last
night in an effort to end her life, is yet
alive, but her case is almost hopeless.
She took a large dose of the fluid and her
face, mouth and throat are terribly
burned. Her tongue is so swollen that It
protrudes from the mouth. Every effort
Is being.U!=ed to save her life. Miss Wyatt
Is about thirty years of age and a native
of this place. She was twice married, but
her married life was not happy and she
was twice divorced, the last time resum
ing her maiden name.
She made the attempt at suicide when
temporarily Insane and Is now eorry for
her act and wants to live. She took th©
poison at her home, where she keeps
house for her brothers. John and Tucker
Wyatt. She was found by a neighbor ly
ing on the floor in an unconscious condi
tion. When she recovered sufficiently to
epeak of the affair she said that she did
not know what she was doing when she
Says She Took the Poison While
Temporarily Insane and Is
Now Sorry.
PETAL.UMA, Dec. 2.— Kate Wyatt, the
MISS WYATT'S LIFE
IS DESPAIRED OF
RAX JOSE. Dec. 2.— "Warren Hartzell.
who deserted a wife of a few weeks to
elope with 16-year-old Maud McCormick,
was arrested at the home of his wife on
Willis avenue late last night. He must
answer to the charge that he abducted
the McCormick j?irl, which has been pre
ferred by her father. T. H. McCormick.
Hartzell, who evidently had expected
to effect a settlement, called at his wife's
house late last nipht and a few minutes
later Deputies Rives and Bache and De
tective Haley swooped down upon him.
He was taken to prison amid protesta
tions of love for him by hie wife.
The arrest of Hartzell is the outcome
of a three-cornered youthful love affair.
He courted and married Bessie Showers,
a 16-year-old girl. In less than threo
months he made love to his wifa'» girl
chum. Maud McCormick, and three weeks
ago he eloped with her. Tho girl stole
$35 from a lady she was working for and
a dress skirt from another In order to
make the trip with Hartzell. They went
to Ban Francisco, and two days later he
took the money from her and left her
stranded In the city. She was finally
arrested and brought back here, and the
charge of petty larceny was dismissed.
The officers were unable to locate Hartzell
until last night.
Mrs. Hartzell, who herself la onl7 In her
sixteenth year, had forgiven her hus
band and wanted him to come back. It
Is believed eh© sent for him. #
Mr. McCormick. father of Maud, has de
clared his Intention of prosecuting Hart
zell.
Man About Town Who Deserted
Bride for another Girl Will
Be Prosecuted.
HAETZELL ARRESTED
AT TTTS WIFE'S HOME
tate of William Marsh Rice, the Texas
millionaire. Albert T. Patrick, the lawyer
confined in the Tombs on the charge of
forgery, has declared he will be able to
prove "that his arrest and all the subse
quent stories affecting his character are
part and parcel of a plot on the part of
others to gain control of Rice's property.
Through his attorneys. Logan, Demond
& Harby. Patrick says that when the first
will of the old man Is offered for probate
on Thursday many startling facts will be
presented and the tables will be turned on
his accusers. It will be contended that
the will executed In 1S96 had attached to
it two signatures of witnesses, both writ
ten by one hand. It will not be charged
that the signature was a forgery, but that
the signature of one of the witnesses was,
and this will be the basis for the revela
tions that are to follow. There will be
no attempt to oppose the probate of the
first will on the ground of undue influ
ence, but on the ground of forgery and
fraud If Patrick's lawyers can prove that
the will made in 1896 Is in any way fraud
ulent It will clear the way for them to
prove the second will to be genuine. This
they assert they can do.
This Is the first Intimation that the
validity of the first will was to b« at
tacked, and Mr. Harby. who Is the chief
of Patrick's advisers, says if fraud is es
tablished it will discredit those who are
fighting the will executed last June, which
makes Patrick the chief beneficiary. No
matter ¦which will ie declared to be genu
ine, however, the litigation will be long.
PATRICK SAYS HE
WILL TURN TABLES
N'ETT YORK, Dec. 3.— The Press says:
Instead of being the head and front of a
coiiFpiracy to obtain possession of the cs-
NETW YORK. D«a 8.— Not m the recol
lection of the oldest resident of the "Red
LJght district" has that section of the city
been bo oleared of its dens of vicious char
acters as It was to-night" The owners
took fright on Saturday night and fled.
They had read that Captain Titus was
coming-.
The fight between Captain Titus and
the dlvekeepers has been a waiting game.
The dlvekeepers believe the reform will
soon be over and therefore Intend to keep
their shutters closed until they "get the
tip" to resume business. Committees of
citizens In tho district will be appointed to
keep a sharp watch for the return of the
divekeepera. The women in the district
will also organize to tha-t end.
The anti-vice committee appointed by
Charles S. Smith will probably meet to
morrow for organization. Headquarters
will be selected and various sub-commit
tees will be appointed to take up the cru
sade in earnest. It was rumored to-nleht
that the Parkhurst Society will be asked
to aid the committee.
The Central Labor Union took up the
vice matter to-day and adopted resolu
tions expressing sympathy with, the move.
ment.
Inmates of Gotham's "Red
Light District" Take
Flight,
DENS OF VICE
CLOSE DOORS
Notwithstanding the fact that it had
been stated on Friday that 116 witnesses
would be presented on both sides, It be
came known to-day that Judge Shlnn's
announcement that there would be a
night session of court yesterday found the
prosecution with no witnesses on hand,
and compelled them to place Olln Castle,
husband of the murdered woman and
probably their strongest witness, on the
stand. They had Intended to reserve his
evidence till the last. Caatle will resume
the stand Monday morning, and the de
fense promises some surprises before they
finish .with his cross-examination.
Miss Morrison spent another quiet day
in her cell In the County Jail. She greet
ed the members of her family who cam©
to visit her pleasantly, and if the damag
ing evidence adduced during the last two
days weighed upon her the prisoner con
trived to keep the fact from outsiders.
Upon the advice of her attorneys she re
fuses to see newspaper men. •
EL. DORADO. Kan».,Dec JL— Jessie Mor
rison may know her fate before another
week has passed. The leading attorney
for the prosecution In the murder case to
day announced that the State's side would
doubtless be closed by Monday night, and
It was said that the defense would occupy
but two days Jn examining its witnesses.
With two days given to arguments It will
be possible to give the case to the jury on
Friday or Saturday next.
Husband of Murdered Wo
man Testifies Against
Miss Morrison.
OLIN CASTLE ON
WITNESS STAND
"The popular vote of the Presbyterian
Church indicates that some change In our
creed Is demanded. Exactly what that
change or changes will be I cannot say,
but it is probable that the committee will
recommend to the next general assembly
that a supplementary creed be adopted.
"All the essentials of our faith will
probably be contained In this supplement,
but put in such a form as to be clear to
the popular mind."
The vote which Dr. Johnson will present
to the committee is as follows: For re
vision, 67; for a supplementary creed, 67;
for a substltutional creed, 15; for an ex
planatory statement, 11; for a dismissal
of the subject, 45. Forty presbyteries have
not been heard from, most of them' being
In China, India and Mexico. Dr. Johnson
said:
CHICAGO, Dec. A— The committed ap
pointed by the last general assembly of
the Presbyterian Church to consider the
revision of the creed of the church will
meet in Washington, D. C, Tuesday. Dr.
Herrick Johnson of McCormick Theolog
ical Seminary, Chicago, will preside.
Committee of Presbyterian
Assembly to Meet in
Washington.
WILL PROBABLY
REVISE THE CREED
easy-going and quite devoted to his
daughter. He admires the Duke and de
nies that the young nobleman has been
dissipated and a spendthrift. He admires
his son-in-law's pluck In going to work
as a newspaper man when he was "hard
up," and promises to grlve him money to
support his rank In the peerage.
EUGENE ZIMMERMAN, THE CINCINNATI RAILWAY MAGNATE. NOW
BEFORE THE PUBLIC EYE AS' THE FATHER-IN-LAW OF THE
DUKE OF MANCHESTER.
¦ •
No Reason Assigned for the
• Lodi Banker's Rash
Act
*
BANK IS IN GOOD CONDITION
. •• ¦ t
Jury's Verdict of Suicid* While
Temporarily Insane Is j
Generally Ac
..' ; :'¦-. • cepted.
; . Bpedal Dispatch to Tfee CalL
LODI. Dec. 2.— The suicide of Banker
Francis Cog-swell yesterday continues to i
be the aJl-absorbine topic to-day. Knots I
of men gathered on* the Blrects discussing'
the rash deed and a feeling of profound j
tadness hangs over the towu. for the dead
¦ man was personally acquainted with
CVCX'Ji parson In It. being one of the lead- |
tag lights of the place. His accommodat- j
ing nature had won him the friendship of
all who knew him, and many a. poor man !
lias been privately assisted by tiie dead |
banker. -wno ni "not accustomed to let- .
ting las deeds cf this sort be Known.
Inere" are absolutely no now phases of;
the .case. Not so much as a scrap of pa- :
l*r *as left to give any reason for the '
deed. The Coronet'* inquest wa.« held iast ;
nipht. the verdict being •"that deceased i
came to his death from a gunshot wound
Inflicted by himself while temporarily in- \
sano." The verdict is the accredited the- j
ory here. Of late the dead man had been •
brooding and at times seemed subject to j
deep melancholia. His health had been
very poor and wa? steadily growing j
wort-*;. Tvnieh no doubt accounts for the I
nervous brooding.
: The affairs of the bunk are said to be
:n a f.oiirtshir.p condition. Cashier C. M. j
Fcrdun states that the bank was never in j
a better condition than at present, ami he |
is as deeply 'tnystitied as anybody else.
fesjterd&y morninc Mr. Cogswell cheer- |
fully talked with his wife and assisted j
her In some hnupownrk. During th<- morn- :
Ing h«* fat down and read a portion cf a
home cure book. Be:!!R laughingly n.-ked j
t>v his wife what he found interesting in
it* he remarked, that lie was looking fjr a
remedy for liis etomach troubUs.
During the -day he paid up his dues »n |
the Odd Fellow and Masonic orders and j
' to the few: who spoke to him seemed to
be in t?.s usual frame of mind. The only
¦- fact thai U-adi- to the Idea that the deed
w^ at all pr^r.iedita.ted is that he re- ;
moved h}s .«olita!r» diamond rins. placing :
it on the flrewer before leavinsr home.
' The Wdy has betn embalmwl and word
: from his parent? is being anxiously await
<£ -¦ No arrangements have been made lor ;
the- f.iir.*-ral-. ' and it is probable that his i
parents may have the body sent to the old j
lKrn* ih- Boston. . 1
COGSWELL'S
SUICIDE STILL
A MYSTERY
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— HJs Grace
the Duke of 'Manchester, the
Duchess of Manchester and Eu
gene Zimmerman, her father,
passed to-day quietly at the Hol
land House, ha/inp decided to rest after
their lively experiences of yesterday un
der the protection of two of Captain Mc-
Cluskey'g detectives.
"We are passing the day quietly and
resting." said the Duke at the hotel, where
he was with Mr. Zimmerman in the mid
dle of the afternoon. They had Juat fin
ished luncheon and were unaccompanied
by the Duchess, who, his Grace said, had
gone out driving with a friend, whose
Identity he declined to reveal.
"I may go out for an hour or so to-day,
but we shall stop at home this evening,"
he said. "My wife and I expect to remain
in the United States until March — that is,
if Mr. Zimmerman will put up with us un
til then," he added, laughingly.
Mr. Zimmerman, who was Landing near,
smiled encouragingly.
"Our present plan." continued the Duke,
"Is to leave here on Wednesday next with
Mr. Zimmerman in his private oar and go
to Cincinnati. We shall probably remain
there a we«»k r.r »r> and then go South,
visiting Natchez. ».iiss.. where Mrs. Yzna
pa, my grandmother, lives. Then we shall
go West as far as the Pacific Coast. We
will spend some time in San Francisco.
The length of our stay there is uncertain,
but we shall return Kas>t in time to make
a few Visits before leaving for England In
March."
I asked Mr. Zimmerman If he could give
me the wording of the letters sent to him
containing threats of "egging" the Duke
on his arrival, which he turned over to
Captain McCluskey. who thereupon de
tailed Detective Sergeants Vallely and
Stripp to guard the Duke and his wife
upon their arrival.
"No, I remember scarcely anything
about the wording," he replied. "I paid
little attention to the communications,
but, glancing through them hurriedly I
gained the impression that It was the
work of som<? crank, and so sent them
down to Captain ilcCluskey. That Is all
there is to it, and the incident is closed."
"Yes, there is nothing more to be said
on that subject," added the Duke. "It's
all over."
Captain McCluskey said: "Two letters,
evidently from a crank, making vague
threats of 'egging* the Duke and Duchess
were the cause of my sending Detective
Sergeants Vallely and Stripp to meet them
on their arrival. Need for their services
no longer exists, and they have been with
drawn from their attendance upon the
Duke and his wife. Beyond this there Is
nothing to say. I refuse most decidedly to
make public the wording of the letters."
Eugene Zimmerman, rather of the new
Duchess of Manchester, is a prominent
clubman of Cincinnati, an Odd Fellow, a
Mason, a member of the Loyal Legion
and a member of the Episcopal church.
Mr. Zimmerman is descended from old
Knickerbocker stock. He is good-natured,
Planning a Trip Through Western States and
Will Spend Some Time in San Francisco.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 2.— A one month'5
jaunt through the wilds of old Mexico, an
erergetic pursuit of Wg pun», an exam
ination of some valuable mining proper
tics and l&rt, hut not least, the testing of
some new cmercenev army rations of
gTeat compactness will be enjoyed by Dr.
Frank Cornwall, the of San FTan
cIfco. He left his home in tnis city to
day on the trip, accompanied by his
brother. James Cornwall, of Denver, Colo.
The trip has been carefully planned and
will Ix? of interest to many besides Lhe
principals. It is un^rstood tnat a ne<v
and extremely condensed ration has bfren
Invented by the doctor, who will utillz-'
the occasion to make a practical test of
its qualities. It is saia of the new inven
tion that one man can carry in a water
proof sack the size of the ordinary flour
eack enouR-h nutriment to maintain him
well for tiiirty days and the weight will
be only about fVelye pounds. Upon hi*
return the doctor will make a full report
of the result of his experiment. If ail
kcx?s as expected the sporting world will
als<» be rem^mbf red and the wild turkeys
of Mexk-o which have hitherto defied the
« fforts of sportsmen io effect their cap
ture will no longer have things their own
way. For them the doctor has a specially
prepared phonograph, which will lure
them to the net or the fire zone of the
genial medico.
\t his home at Schuetzen Park, recent
ly called Cornwall Stauon, the doctor has
hred wime mapnificent ppeclmens of the
Thanksgiving day bird. By close study of
the flock at feeding lime their owner
discovered that they emitted peculiar
sounds as they came to the feeding
troughs. Here an idea struck him. Secur
ing a phonograph the doctor took records
everv day at feeding time until he figured
that* he had a. register of the whole tur
key language. That phonograph accom
panied him this morning on the trip to
Mexico, it will be used along trails in the
mountains, the doctor as the man behind
the gun will be close to it and the luck
lees turk that answers Its invitation to
dine will have his wings used as dusters
for the Cornwall hearth.
Doctor Also Carries Phonograph Rec
ords With Which to Beguile
Witless Turkeys in ,
Mexico.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
FOOD IS EXTREMELY CONDENSED
Invention ol His Own in
WMch He Has Great
Faitb.
DR. CORNWALL
STARTS TO TEST
A NEW RATION
DUKE AND DUCHESS OF MANCHESTER
SOON TO VISIT THE PACIFIC COAST
FINDS A LIVE BABE
IN A SHALLOW GRAVE
Searcher for- Buried Treasure Uncovers
an Infant and the Tiny Waif
Special Dispatch to The CalL
shovel and run, but a second thought
induced him to pry further and this
saved the life of Miss Stacia. Her eyes
and mouth were tilled with dirt- Tta®
man who found her Is the father of chil
dren and he tenderly lifted th® infant and
ran with her to the station.
Dr. Hoyt of St. Catherine's Hospital
said the babe was not more than two or
three clays old and that he believed she
would live. - ¦ '. ¦-¦> ¦ ¦ ' '.¦¦•¦
TWO BOYS MEET DEATH ¦
WHILE SWTBOHNa
Emmett and Ralph Hiord.an Drown in
the Santa Ynez River Near
Lompoc . .¦*:•
L.OMPOC, Dec. 2.— Emmett and Ralph.
RIordan. aged 12 and 14 years, were
drowned In the Santa Ynez River, a mile
from town to-day. With a number of oth
er boys they, went In bathing, when Ralph
was taken with cramps and called for
help. None of the others could swlna but
Emmett. He Jumped into the river to
as3iat Ralph, who clung to him and carr
ried him down. At the port of the river
where the accident occurred Is a hole
about fifteen feet deep and the river runs
very swift. ¦ The other lads were so 'fright
ened they could lend no assistance to the
drowning boys and tried to induce Em
mett not to jump into the river, but to
no avail. -.--' -¦ - - . .•
Both bodies 'were recovered •with some
difficulty late this afternoon. Both boys
were well known and their untimely death
has cast a gloom over the entire town.
NEW YORK, Dec. S.— Stacia la only a
few days old, but in her brief career she
has been burled alive. Nobody knows
her last name and her first one was be
stowed upon' the blue-eyed baby by the
policemen of the Greenpoint-avenue sta
tion-house. How she ever llv«d through
such an experience is a puzzle to the doc
tors at St. Catherine's Hospital.
" Yesterday morning some one set astir a
story that there was treasure, perhaps
the loot of' thieves, maybe the hoard of
a miser, in the meadows that stretch
away from Meserole avenue and Guern
sey street' In Greenpoint. Several men.
each venturing forth by himself, stole
out In the early morning to the strip of
waste, carrying spades. They were
treasure hunters and one of them un
earthed a treasure Indeed. It was not
the rust-covered coin of « miser, nor yet
jewels and plate stolen by some outlaw,
but just a. round, In. tie bundle of human
ity with the bluest of eyes and a squall
that would have done credit to a child of
many more days on earth.
The particular searcher after hidden
wealth who found the babe had selected
a pile of earth in the meadows that
seemed to have been recently heaped up.
It was loosely thrown together, and as he
thrust in his spade the blade struck some
thing of promise. It felt like a bap and
eagerly the digger plunged in his shovel
again. He leaped back amazed and half
frightened, for a sound, a cry. or a wall,
as of something living, came out Of the
earth heap before him. The first instinct
of t the man was to throw down his
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL,. MONDAY,., DECEMBER'. 3, 1900.
3
Purely., veritable, mild and reliable. CaxtM
< • r'.f-ct digestion, complet* absorption and
• •;-.• hful resularlty.
'*¦ •'•"• r the cure of all dlacrden of the Stomach,
¦L.\er. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
Elck Headache. BMoueneis, Con-
•t.p&tlon. Piles and all dera&rementa of tht
Jr.Urrr.jil VUctra. SSc a box. At Druerlets. of
ky maU. ZU27WAT A CO.. New TcrL
Radway's
Pills
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
IMUSEUH OF AKATOMY
A Ch 183UASSTSS.fci.fti*7&,3.rfcl. |
\ ¦ Hr^ The Ldtjct! Anatowieil Museum in the
A - jt Wold. We*k»ee*«» or »»y contracted i
~ fi?2$ di»ea*« |K?«««l»-rlyeur»<IhTth«6lceit
C ir" 5 CJl ipeaanstwUKCcaa. E*t3ty^iit *
t &*R*l OIL JORMK-PBIVATE DISEASES <
¦ iffsrfcB Cr.Mnltatfcm ffrt tod *trfc«T print*
Of '2<fa TnrBT.ern penonalty or by letter. A j
W I ijr 14 M AiXh CW»Uie»oryc*»««r.<Jcrt*lten. 1
¦#*«¦ H* Write for Book. r«u.««or»»*'i
A i ll' *aiuatMc lxx>k for meat j
r DB. J OHO AX A IO.. JO.! Market St.. S. F. \
OVER 3W PERMANENT CTTHES IN SAX
FRANCISCO, some after <0 year* of evtft^ixig;
many of the most prominent business men on
: thi* Cotft (some you know), who may be lnter-
vliwld bv VhoM who ruffer. THE TREAT-
SkSTT IS KAUI.TL.ESS. RESULT'* ARU
I \FTIN-O NO PURGERT. " DILATATION",
IIGATURE, CARBOLIC ACID. SALVES.
rilTEBT On HINDRANCE FROM BC8I-
VESS For further particulars addren PHT-
iritAN. Box l*&0. Call Offlce, S. F. Cal. Cut
this outl Write to-day. ¦¦/\':"- ,-•¦-;¦--
"White WTTOI-nXE \t absolutely neutral.
r'-rf<r't1y n<".^rl^ft and flavorless, and con?e-
CiU^rtij' inui'h sui>erior to lard a* a frying me-
dium and ehortfninit ajt^nt. It is more eco-
•m.micaJ, rieaner and tn'>r<» wholesome than
lard for all cooking purpoee*."
*•' t^\ The N.K.Falrbank Company,
i T^fri * * y Chicago— So!e Manufacturers.
fSfc^aSj F*IiT f Our «1a<nty booklet,
Si^^TW* rj\^LI. A I'atiUi Socrrt."
VtBEiPlizjttfmi mallrd fr*e to on- addre«(. Y<t
VVTiiiiM&fTrfn nw 2'itMiriwi' will wnd fr»^<>::r
T ~*^T3*' 1 f 12S P*** '"""I I*" l *>ok. "Home
T *"*7l^y I'.c';" «llted by Jli-s. Ilorer.
WHITE; COTTOLEXE
and use it in preference to all
other cooking fats. Mrs. Ewing,
who is dean of the Chautauqua
f X. Y.) Cooking School, says:
. l^xpeirt -Cooks are unanimous
iii. their praise of
WHITE COTTOLEXE.
THere is no hog^ fat in
¦ . WHITE COTTOLEXE
and you will find that your food
¦<a ill /he more delicious; appetizing
and wholesome than ever before.
Is not - : their opinion some-
liung to you? Try a pail of
WHITE COTTOLENE
in preference;, to all other cooking
Did you ever stop to think
that ; the V well-known cooking
experts, Mrs. Rorer. Mrs,
Ewing:, Marion Harland, Mrs
Lincoln, Mrs. Owens, Mrs. Par-
ker. Miss Vvillis. Mrs. Hiller, all
lise-ahd recommend
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| ¦ |
Top Sacli
Coat ° r a Suit '¦!
There is one thing that all men agree chv — every
man likes to wear as good clothes as he can afford.
I To satisfy the discriminating man — the man who
must make his dollars count — is our particular
object right now. j
While we have suits at all prices, we are at
1 present devoting time and attention to a line of top
coats and cheviot sack suits, at
While the price is low, you may rest assured that the
materials are all wool, and the making good in every partic- j
ular, as each garment was made by trained, skillful union I
men, whose work must be up to a standard. !
j The top coats are made from covert cloth In three swell !
shades— tan, olive and brown. But a short time ago we sold
the coats for $ 10.00.
The suits are all-wool fancy cheviots, in single and
double-breasted styles, all-wool material, well lined and
made to fit properly.
To get either the suit or overcoat at $7.50 should
interest any one who buys with the object of saving as much
as possible. . .
Boys' Two-piece Suits
a» *•
For a short time we are offering boys' two-piece suits in
I all-wool Scotch tweed and cheviot at a price that will inter-
j est many mothers; the suits from 9 to 14 years come in plain
double-breasted coats, and from 6 to 10 years in double-
I breasted style with a reefer collar trimmed with braid; sale \
price for one week commencing Friday last
$3.OO
Baseball outfit free with every boy's suit or overcoat. ||
Automobile coats, made of covert, satin lined, to order
I for little girls from 3 to. 13 years of age; price, $10.00.
I Out-of-town orders tilled— write us. j
SftWOOD&ft) 1
718 Market Street. IWORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
There Is $15,000,000 accredited to the Brit
ish navy since 1S97 for shipbuilding pur
poses which still remains unexpended.
Among the harbor improvements being
made at Vladivostok are two dry-docks
700 feet In length, which are nearlng com
pletion. Two shipyards are also being laid
out for building vessels up to 3000 tons.
The British Admiralty will shortly In
vite bids for the delivery of one million
tons of Welsh coal at depots and periods
prescribed. This will be the largest order
of Its kind in the navy, the plan having
hitherto been to contract for smaller lots
as required. \.
Thornycroft has received orders for two
torpedo-boat destroyers of 31 knots speed
for Japan. The six boats recently com
pleted for the same Government have ar
rived at their destination, making the
trip from Aden ta Colombo. Ceylon, a dis
tance of 2093 miles, without recoallng.
The German Government Is reported to
be negotiating with an Italian syndicate
of shipbuilders to undertake the construc
tion of three battleships and two cruisers.
The reason assigned is that the German
yards are unable to handle more work
than they have already contracted for.
and the Kaiser is in a hurry to get a big
navy.
Commodore Perry's flagship Niagara,
which lies on the bottom of the lake north
of the harbor of Erie Is plainly visible
•when the water Is clear, and the recent
Inspection of the harbor and the recital,
to the Government representatives on
that duty, of Perry's flght and victory haa
aroused local Interest which may result
In a bill being presented to Congress pro
viding for the recovery of the Niagara
and preservation of the old historical
hulk.
The British turret-ship Thunderer has
been rather unlucky. In July, 1876, a boil
er explosion involved the loss of several
lives and In 1879 one of her turret gruna
burst, killing eleven officers and men and
wounding thirty-five of the crew. The
latest accident, when the shells exploded
In the guns, fortunately without injury
to. any one, appears to have been more
serious to the guns than was at first be
lieved, for the guns are to be removed,
to be relined or to make way for new ord-
H&.I1C6*
It has puzzled the British Admiralty
why it is that the French Messaglere
Maritime Company has apparently no
trouble with the Belleville boilers used
in a number of Us steamers,' while In
the British navy the same boiler is caus
ing no end of trouble and alarm. The
reason for this Immunity from break
downs Is that the French company has
spare boilers and parts kept at Its home
port for every ship, and after each voyage
about three boilers are lifted out and re
placed with reserve boilers. Evidently
the French company has a system which
the British and other navies are lacking.
The Turkish battleship Mahmoudlch
was ordered last month to proceed to Ge
noa, there to be reconstructed, but ' her
departure has been Indefinitely postponed.
It was discovered when everything was
supposed to be ready and steam was up
that the boilers could only work" up to
five pounds pressure, entirely inadequate
to make the ship manageable. Seven oth
er vessels also Intended to be repaired. at
Genoa are detained on account of the dis
covery of serious defects and it Is esti
mated that their departure will be delay
ed at least four months. The entire Turk
ish navy in its present condition Is evi
dently not a match for the solitary Amer
ican battleship Kentucky. •
The coal consumed on board one of the
modern war vessels does not all go . to
ward propelling the ship. In the "Ameri
can navy- about 66 per cent Is used for
propulsion and 34 per cent Is expended for
auxiliary - purposes, such as for. blowers,
distilling pumps, lighting, heating, cook-
Ing and for steamboats. In estimating the
number of knots a vessel Is able to make
with a given quantity of coal In the bunk
ers the distance is approximately reduced
one- third through the numerous other
uses of the coal supply. The British
cruiser Diadem consumes about six tons
dally In running the first four auxiliaries
mentioned and the .' Japanese . battleship
Shikishima uses five tons dally.
James Taylor Rogers should congratulate himself
that in his life he is able to teach a moral lesson preg
nant with meaning. . The penalty of beginning life all
over again in the dread solitudes of the frozen north
for an offense against the dead is severe enough to
impress its moral.
Our Mexican friend3 appear to be contributing al
together too much to the "gayety of nations'. Our
southern neighbors, who persist in arresting Ameri
can trainmen, with or without cause, may discover
that we have rather an emphatic way of treating such
¦¦¦^ ¦ .¦ , • .
The Board of Public Works has been arraigned
again for violating the municipal laws established by
the charter. The board seems to be inspired -by a
notion that it has a special dispensation to do as it
pleases. , .-•. ¦ . .. - . ¦ , . ;
There was no feature of the horrible Thanksgiving
day disaster more deeply pathetic than that 'which has
made the loss of. life. the death' -of youngiives.'oif boys
in whom the hope of many * stricken", families was
centered. : '4>,>V-'
A GAT SEASON 1b promised at Hotel del
Coronado. Coronarto. Cal., this winter with a
Jolly houseful, in expert golf tournament, meet
ing of field trials club, hunting, flshinr, boat
ing, dancing, etc.
The president adds that the "institute committee,"
acting in connection with a committee of the sta
dents, is now engaged in devising some other form of
contest for trials of strength between the freshman
and sophomore classes. What form of contest will
be decided upon he is not at this time able to say; but
he announces in conclusion: "Plans have been for
some time under consideration in the institute for the
establishment of a system of physical culture
which should assist in the upbuilding of the health
of the general body of students rather than
in the development of expensive and time-consuming
athletic contests, and which may help a student of
serious purpose to decide what athletic contests he
mav enter without injury to" health or to scholarship.
Commenting upon the subject the president says
there are two objections to the cane rush as practiced
at the institute either of which is sufficient to banish
i* from college sports. In the first place, it is not a
game of skill and cannot be played* under definite
rules; in the second place, when carried on in an in
stitution where the classes are so large as to involve
400 or 500 students in the fray the danger of acci
dents is too great to be tojerated. For those reasons
that form of contest will be prohibited at the institute
hereafter.
In describing the contest and the accident the presi
dent says: "The can-, which is a strong oak stick
about four feet, long, with a knob at each end, was
placed in the custody of the freshmen. Six or eight
of the strongest men in the class grasped it firmly.
Around these a small circle of the most athletic fresh
men was formed with hands clasped and facing out
ward. Concentric circles of freshmen were added un
til perhaps 150 had been formed into a compact cir
cular mass. Outside of this guard, formed to defend
the cane, forty or fifty freshmen operated in detached
wings to interfere with the sophomores in their at
tack. These latter formed at the other end of the
grounds in two flying wedges which simultaneously
flung themselves upon the mass of freshmen in the
effort to break up their formation and reach the cane.
After the first three minutes all that one could dis
tinguish was one mass of struggling students., At the
end of fifteen minutes a pistol shot gave the signal
for a cessation of the struggle; the number of
hands on the cane was counted and the class to which
tlie larger number belonged was declared winner.
Young Moore was an unusually strong fellow. For
this reason, and on account of his interest in the cane
rush, he was chosen aa one of those to hold the cane.
At some time during the struggle he was caught in
such a way as to receive a powerful wrench, which, as
the autopsy showed, dislocated his neck. His death
was probably instantaneous. These, so far as I have
been able to learn them, are the facts."
\^ OVED by the dreadful accident which resulted
/ \ in the death of a student of that institution
* *at the recent cane rush between the sophomore
and freshman classes and by the wide publicity given
to more or less exaggerated accounts of it, President
Prichett of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
has issued a statement concerning the accident, to
gether with an announcement of the policy of the in
stitute in dealing with such sports.
THE DEAD Y CANE RUSH
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
VENEZUELA TROUBLE— J. E. C.
Palo Alto. Cal. The trouble between the
Tjnited States and Great Britain in regard
to the boundary line of Venezuela was
settled by compromise October 3, 1S99.
OF AGE— B., City. A man who becomes
21 years of age on the day preceding an
election is entitled to vote at that election.
'Parsons on Contract." a standard au
thority, says- "A person is of full age at
the beginning of the last day of his twen
ty-flrst year."
THE IJVNCERS-I* W. SL. City. If you
will go to a book seller you can obtain a
book that will give you the figures of the
lancers and many other dances at a very
small cost— 10 or 15 cents. This depart
ment cannot -publish the figures of a
dance so generally known as the lancers.
THE VESUVIUS— S.. City. The dyna
mite cruiser Vesuvius In March, 1398, was
a part of the flying squadron. When off
Santiago de Cuba the guns or tubes of
the vessel were turned shoreward and
they did considerable damage. At the
first fire the Spanish general Joral and
several officers were killed.
DEMOCRATIC MANAGER— C. H.. Si
erra City. The highest officer who man
aged the Democratic Presidential cam
paign of the current year was the chair
man of the National Committee, Senator
Jones. The meeting at whicb the Exam
iner represented Willie Hearst as present,
when in fact he was ! not there, was a
meeting of clubs in Indianapolis.
SCHOOL, OF MECHANICAL. ARTS—
G. J, J.. City. If you will write to the
director of the Lick School of Mechanical
Arts or to the director of the Wilmerding
School you will be furnished a circular
of information that will give you all the
desired information in regard to qualifi
cations for admission. ¦ The time that is
required to learn the machinist's trade In
such a school depends upon the ability
of the Individual.
LETTER CARRIER— C. F. F., City.
Under the new postal regulations, the
working hours of a letter carrier ar<.> eight
hours per day or forty-eight hours in six
days. If after working eight hours he has
not distributed all his mail matter, he
may work longer to accomplish that end.
but such overtime ,has to be deducted
from other days, so that he shall not work
more than the forty-eight hours. If he
has not distributed all matter at the end
o* eight hours, and does not care to work
overtime, he has to return all undistrib
uted matter to the office from which he
.•eceivfed It.
CUSTOM-HOUSE SERVICE— A Reader.
Grass Valley. In the Custom-house ser
vice the only positions exempt from the
civil service rules are one cashier in each
customs district; one chief or principal
deputy or assistant collector in each cus
toms dlstrtct: one principal deputy col
lector at each nuo-port or station. There
are three grades of . examination for all
positions (except those named) above un
classified laborers. Applicants are ex
amined as to their relative capacity and
fitness. The examination In the first
grade, which Is for deputy office clerk,
male or female, day Inspector and sam
pler. Includes arithmetic, spelling, letter
writing, penmanship, copying from plain
copy, copying from rough draft, and geo
graphy; the second grade, for assistant
weigher and messenger, and the third
grade for watchman, night Inspector
opener and packer, lnspectress, foreman'
Janitor, attendant, porter, and classified'
laborer is the same a3 for the first grade
with the exception of copying from rough
draft and geo^iaphy. The pay of day in
spector is $3 and $4 per day, night Inspec
tor $3 per night, sampler, examiner and
assistant weigher. $1200 a year Persons
desiring to apply for - positions should
write for. an application blank to the sec
retary'Of tne local board of examiners at
the Custom-house In which they desire
employment. • .
A CHANCE. TO SMILE.
Hetty (as they leave the church)— Mam
ma why do they have those big golden
eagles in the church? ' ™
Freddie (explainlng)-IV« • 'cos they're
birds of pray, of course, stupid!— pfek-
Me-Up.
Jinks— Spuds must have an enormous in
come.
Blinks-Why do you think so?
Jinks— He runs an automobile and a
camera at the earns time.— Detroit Free
Schoolmaster— Now, Mug-gins Minnr
the apple fell on his head? wnen
te£g&vSy Wl »' trt repU * d the UtW « ln "
ChrJnicirT^eA. W0Und ' M -- PltUbur «
te "wL! n d d id h ge c^r' rae V
The rebuke of a friend is kind, but this is not even
a rebuke— it is an amicable observation. The Call
acknowledges gratefully the . kindness of Oakland's
people, and feels that it is minding its own business
when it ventures to advise them along the lines for
the best development of the many capacities of their
city. .i
The location of Oakland is 'one of the' finest, in the
world. It seems to an unprejudiced, non-resident. and
observing friend that if fife would pool her issues and
strike for the full exploiting of her capacities as a
residence and a commercial city all things would be
added unto her. This means parks and a harbor,
Just then the unpleasant discovery was made .that
the taxable property annexed does not nearly yield
the additional cost of watching and tending it, and
the result has been a cramped exchequer and an
altogether unsatisfactory fiscal condition. As is too
often the case in the presence of difficulties, the mem
bers of the city" government have given to strife the
time they owed to business, and an administration
which went in nearly two years ago really desirous of
doing its duty is approaching the close of its term with
a record for inefficient honesty only. It is not for U3
to gird at Oakland, but really the soil is newer and
the field better there than in San Francisco for bene
ncial administration. 'Phis port needs more room for
transaction of business that comes and goes by water.
Oakland has two miles of water front that offers splen
did opportunities. It is on the harbor which the Fed
eral Government has been creating and improving
since so long ago that its beginning has almost passed
out of history into tradition. If the city government
would awake from some of its dreams of "Greater
Oakland" and "Oakland City ; and County" arid do
something to promote 1 the speedy occupation of that
water front by deep water trade it would relieve the in
creasing pressure on the wharf facilities" of Sati Fran
cisco and do something: that would bring more than
map greatness to, Oakland herself. This city has no
commercial jealousies against Oakland. We feel the
spirit of partnership in her progress and prosperity
and desire to see the members of her government quit
bickering and do business.
Equipped with this new pylactery, the people pro
ceeded to stretch it over contiguous territory and an
nexed various outlying spaces. Having become
"Greater Oakland"' the good city sat down to enjoy
the era of expansion, only to have her dream inter
rupted by importunate demands from her new posses
sions for street lights, police, schoolhouses, street
pavements, sewers and all the other muniments, con
veniences, necessities and luxuries which go with
"Greater" cities.
OUR neighbors in Oakland are the victims of a
"Greater" fever. Their charter was one of
those improved schemes" for municipal govern
ment and was regarded as up-to-date in cut and fit.
GREATER CITIES.
•;-r C depehder.t. and are apt to rise and fall with their
.governing centers, •hey" also are quiet at the 1 >-
rtient. Otherwise there is nothing in local trade call
ing for especial mention.
The feature of local trade during the week was the
combining of the salt works about the bay into the
control of the Federal Salt Company, and a conse
quent jump in the price of salt from 95c to $2 per bag.
Otherwise there were few fluctuations in merchandise.
In fact; trade in San Francisco is unusually smooth
end featureless. The wholesale merchants report an
unvarying monotony of liberal sales, easy collection?
and good profits. Shipping continues to lead in point
of activity and profit, ?nd those who own vessels have
certainly nothing to complain of. Their only appre
hension is how long the boom in sea transportation
will continue. Oil men are close on the heels of the
shipowners, and the industry is progressing more
rapidly than. at any other time in its brief local his
tory-: Sales on the San Francisco Oil Exchange are
lieavy.ind steadily increasing, and reports of strikes
are coming in from all over the State.
;; Farm produce is rather quiet than otherwise and
prices show iittle change from day to day. This is
the dull time ©I the year for most products, especially
cried fruit, which is no\. extremely dull. The other
riarketR. .such as provisions, hides, wool, etc., sympa
thize closely with the Eastern markets on which they
Wall street was quieter last week, though there was
ffood investment purchasing by the public, especially
when concessions could be obtained. In fact, the
public. form an important factor in Wall street now,
whereas for the past year they have been conspicuous
by their absence.
The condition of the leading staples confirms the
testimony of the bank clearings. The holiday trade is
reported brisk, and boots and shoes record a small
advance, as against a- recent depression of several
Tnonths. The advance is accompanied by large orders
from many points.. Dry good, too. are expanding,
; th.pugh slowly and irregularly. The wool trade is
reepverihg from the recent heavy failures and sales for
the week gained about 500.000 pounds, though prices
for roost descriptions are still weak. Cotton goods
are row reported very firm, with a number
tif;; advances. The iron and,, steel trade is
tteadily working around into firmer condition —
<nders: for finiFhed products are increasing, the rail-
Tos<is.: are. liberal purchasers and small advances in
quotations are reported here and there. In addition
¦a number of idle furnaces are going into blast. The
railrc>ad earpings sho*- a slight gain over 1899. The
hardware and lumber trades are reported flourishing.
\\ heat, however, continues the mule in the procession
and drags at weak prices, due to the large supplies all
txvtx the world and good crop prospects.
* I 'HERE. is no question that business is improv-
J; ing: From all points in the country commercial
. * .reports are to this effect. The best reports con
liirue.to come fr6;m the South and West, as unseason
able .weather in the East tends to check the
seasonal. distribution of goods. The bank clearings
>t:ll -show material gains Over 1899, those for the past
\vfek increasing .24. per cent. and. what is more, all
Urge cnies except Minneapolis increased, the clear
ings; for Pittsburg, the center of the iron and steel
i!i:du$tr>v gaining 27.1 per cent. Not for a long time
have these clearings shown such gains, though ever
sinceVthe election the tendency has been upward, as
iV yfis downward, before. As the bank clearings are
generally accepted as the best barometer of trade the
¦ronckisiqri that the country is again on an increasing
wave <rf prosperity, is irresistible.
BUSINESS SURELY EXPANDING.
MONDAY..;-. ... . .... • .......DECEMBER 3, 1900
;. JOHN D. SFRECKfcLS. Proprietor.
' Address AH Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
>H\AtiI*H> OKFICB #I>l 'P**^5.^?^^L5^i
I'lDUCATlOX OFFICE. . .Market and Third. S. F.
..' - . .' : ' • Telephone Pre«» 201.
EDITORIAL. BOOMS 217 to 221 Stfrenton St.
. '.;•_.'¦ . • Telrphone Pr*ti 2OS.
DfJlTfffd I»t f«rrler«. 15 «>nt» P*r Week.
- : .' . . . Slnjrle CoplcK, 5 Cents.
.'-•¦¦;¦-¦¦ Termt by Mall. Including Pontnitei
iJATLT.CAt.T- (Including Sunday), one year M.O"'
DAILY CALL, (Including Pundar). * month* *-°°
DAILY CALL, (indudln* Sunday). I months l.M
DAILY CALL-By finale Month ?5c
fclNDAT CALL. One Tear.... 1M
VEEKLT CALL. One Tear in0
•-¦All pr.»mi*natt>r« «r* «o«li©rl«ed to receive
: . v : ••'.;'•.-. • . >ub«rrtptlonn.
•¦¦'¦. -'Sashpte copies will be forwarded when requented.
-• Matl . Whsciiber* in orderlnr chanre or a<l<1r«» rhoulii be
raiticular to fire both NEW ANO OLD AI'DRESS In order
la -tofure aprompt and correct compliance with tnelr retjuett.
«:AKLAMJ OFFICE Ill* U-oadwa>
• ..%.': f. CEORUB KHOfiXESS.
Vanager Foreign Advert'sirtir. Varquette Bir'ding, Chicago.
¦• .¦(Lon* iMptance Telephone "Central 2619.")
¦¦"¦; :•¦•¦•¦'¦.-. XEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. "C CA11I.TO.\. Ilfi-f«ld Square
. ' ¦ .• "NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
VTiSPHE!* 6. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
. . . NEW YORK NEWS FTA.VD9:
¦Waldorf-Artoria. ".Hotel: A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murray JiW Hotel. .
:.•';•. "-.•: .. .. chicAGo news stands:
$ftf-tnan Hou**; P" O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
r>«xjont Hcose; Auditorium Hotel.
AVASHKCTOS <D. C> OFFICE 14OO G St.. N. W.
MORTOX E. CRANK, Correspondent.
TtllAXC'fl OFFICES— i27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
untU «:Xn. o'clock. 300. Haye«. open until 9 -.SO oVlock. 6S1
McAUivtei-: open until S:3G o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
8.80 o'clock ¦ 1?41 Mission, r.pen until in o'clock R61 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cperi- until $ o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until -H*. Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. SW. cor
n»r Twwty-wfond and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
MISS PEARL LADD SAB IX.
MOST STUNNING OF THE
DEBUTANTES.
(Photo by Taber.)
blazing eelf. Speaking of Mrs. Flood re
calls to me. that if I would pose as an In.
fallible I-told-you-so girl. I must right
here predict that when Mrs. Flood's mag
nificent Broadway mansion Is completed,
she will be the most sought after matron
in the swell set and that as a hostess San
Francisco .will not know her equal.
Laura McKlnstry and Mrs. Flood have
become the firmest of friends and that la
the most assuring thing to those who
have not the pleasure of the young ma
tron's acquaintance. Laura is clever,
quite the cleverest girl I know, and only
a clever and original thinker could wm
her friendship. I live In anticipation of
HAVE not the slightest doubt that
the presents the new Vanderbilt baby
found to welcome it Into this world of
wealth are far beyond my limited
powers of description, but of this I am
certain^-none were daintier than the one
sent from here by Mrs. Blair, the old
friend of the moth'er of the wonderful girl
baby.
" Mrs. Blair's gift was a pillow slip made
of Irish linen and finer than a cobweb. It
is all hand embroidered and the work on
It Is so fine that it looks as though It had
been done by magic hands. I understand
that it is on the Blair pillow that the
•Vanderbilt baby -will repose on her
christening 'day.
- ' . • « •
* I consider that Mrs. Roos is the luckiest
woman in this town. • She lost a magnifi
cent pin valued at $1000 at the opera and
early the next morning— while traces of
tears yet remained on her face— she had
it returned to her with the compliments
of the honest finder.
When Mrs. Roos discovered the loss of
her pin she was just preparing to step
Into her carriage. With her husband
she returned at once to the auditorium,
and while Mr. Roos furnished a match
illumination. Mrs. Roos and the theater
attaches searched diligently under each
seat. But to no avail. Then the theater
was swept up, but still no pin, and so the
lady went disconsolately home to weep
over. the loss of her Jewel. Maybe though
she was not glad when the next morning
a messenger brought a tiny box, and
within, nestling in a cover of tissue paper,
she saw her pin sparkling.
The finder's name, I believe, was Mrs.
Pike, and I understand that the vase,
with its wealth of costly blossoms, that
went back '¦ with Mrs. Roos' grateful
thanks, cost the loser just $100.
• • •
Every one. of the pretty students at the
Girls' High School is madly in love. Of
course, "that is nothing strange or ¦won
derful, but they are all worshiping the
same man, and that Is where my tale
comes in. On Monday last ex-Minister
to Siam Barrett visited the school and
spoke to the pupils.
"How shall I address the students?"
said the ex-diplomat to Principal Brooks
as he stood in the auditorium facing a
bewitching bunch of blooming girls.
"Shall I call them young ladies?"
. "Call them girls," said Brooks.
'"Very well," said Barrett, "but I really
would like to call them sweethearts."
And that is how It came about and that
is the simple fashion in which Barrett
with one fell swoop captured several hun
dred palpitating girlish hearts.
• . - • • ¦ •
•* Did you ever see such gorgeous gems as
Mrs. ' Flood has been showing at the
opera? Necklaces and flashing pins and
wondrous tiaras! Goodness me, she has
made me blink each time I looked on her
SOCIETY
MRS. BL AIR'S GIFT
TO VANDERBILT BABY
the gorgeous entertainments at which
Mrs. Flood will preside. -^ ¦ Mf
What's the matter with : the poor
old Bohemian Club? It's not HvWff
up to its name or Its traditions. The J town
has been full of artists— grand opera «-r
tlsts-and not a one has seen_ the^ ow.
blink in truly owl fashion. The room.*
have been dull and dark and 6™*™ ao °-
really we girls are almost ccmpelieo. «-°
believe that there are no longer any _*»«=»
hemians In the club— Just old fogies. Ana
then we had the right to expect so mucn.
We've been fed on flashy tales of the days
when Patti warbled at th» Grand ana
the red room was a series of scenes ox
substantial splendor by night and revelry
by dawn. i-""/-^'. ' ¦ '.' : '*7- ¦ •- ' '• "' w -
That Is an of the past, though, and real
ly hard on us girls. What tradition* are
we going to hand down to our children T
The only thing that looked at all 1U* 1
the things we have heard of was the din
ner Greenway gave to Fritzl Scheff. Sn»
is so Jolly that we are almost reconcile!
to the present quiet condition of affairs
and feel grateful to Ned and enterU'n
hopes for the future. . '¦¦';¦-,-
There la nothing small aJwot the Fri
day Fortnlghtlys. Two ox the prettiest.
Jolllest and most popular of the belles—
Bernie Drown and Oliv» Hdbrook— «x«»
to lead at the opening cotillon Wnlcn
takes place on Friday evening and Bur
bank Somers and Percy King, lucky fe>
lows, will assist them In their pteasant
task. There i» no use talking, dub* may
come and clubs may go. but the Fort
nightly always manages to have the pret
tiest girls on Its staff and where those
girls are— well, vou don't havsi to look
very far for the- boys.
• • •
I don't believe there ever wa a greater
love match than that of Lade Jackson
and Dr. Rothachlld and I don't b-sllav«
there ever was a sadder weddinff. Thar*
were heavy hearts and eyes weij&iad
with tears and an attempt at gayety that
was more depressing than a funeral. In
the presence of the beloved brld«r» happi
ness the bereaved family could not put
the memory of their dearly loved father
from them, and pretend as thsy would
their laughter sounded hollow. When the
boys sang the. dear old songs— the soec*
the bonnie> young brid» lovea— I n*d to
rush from the room; I was afraid there
was going to be a scene. But there was
not. Mrs. Jackson's composure wa» mar
velous and Mrs. Small, who was so ner
vous that she scarce could stand, man
aged to smile on till the end. How th*
Jackson's all love- Lucie! How they wish
and pray that she may be happy.
In spite of the fact that no Invitation*
were issued for the marriage ther» wer«
wedding presents galore. The doctor ¦
gift to his handsome young bride wm a
bow knot of brilliants topped with threa
splendid pear-shaped pearls. .
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. M. Peart of College City Is at the
Grand. '¦' ."'.;-"
Judge Hart of Sacramento Is at th«
Grand. •. ' . :
Thomas Hill has returned from Wawona
and is at the Palace. .
W. G. Isaacs of the United States Navy
Is at the California- : . .
Mark R. Plalsted. a Fresno newspaper
man, Is at the California. ¦' ..
A. L. Eliot, who Is Interested In Los An
geles oil. is at the Grand. ¦ .
State Senator J. C. Sims of Santa. Rosa
Is In town. Ha Is at the Lick. * '
S. P. Wible, prominent In the Kern
County fruit industry and also an oil man.
Is at the lack. ••"¦*-'**-
R. W. Polndexter. ¦wen known to con
nection with his Los Angeles oil ventures.
Is registered at the Grand. :•¦..'
Frank Short, a well-known attorney of
Fresno, accompanied by his wife. Is spend
ing a few days at the Palac*. ¦ . '¦ ' • :
Thomas Couch, a mining man of Mon
tana and who aiso controls large Interests
in this State, is a guest at the California.
The Burro Was Killed.
According to a report received tha
other day at the general offices of th*
Mexican Railway, a rather unusual Inci
dent happened on Friday, while th* ex
press was running' Into Vera Cruz. About
seven miles from the city, when the train
was running: at a high rate of speed, tha
engineer, upon rounding; a curve, saw a
man ridlr.sr a burro on the track but a
few yards in front of the efiglne. The en
gine struck the man and burro, throwing
them into the air. Upon the arrival of ths
train at Vera Cruz It was discovered that
the man who was rUUng the burro at th«
time of the accident was reposing on tha
little platform built on the front of Eas
lish engines. He was unhurt, bat In a
very intoxicated condition, his thrllllnr
experience evidently not having: resulted
In sobering 1 him up. The burro wu dis
covered lying beside the track th» next
morning . literally cut to pieces* — Msxlcaa
Herald.
GREAT BRITAIN has found in the Transvaal
a foe as tireless and as fearless as the guerrillas
of Spain, that in the early years of this century
wore out the strength and mocked at the strategy oi
the armies and the generals of the great Napoleon.
The Boers have surrendered their cities and their
farms; they have left their wives and their children to
the invader, but their arms and their horses they have
kept, and by means of them are harassing the British
and all who favor the British from one end of the
country to the other. .'-,?.
The Westminster Gazette recently published a map
marked so as to show places where the Boers have
made attacks since the first week in October, and the
map Was spotted all over. Not a single important
section in the Transvaal or Orange River colony is
free from disturbance. In commenting upon the
showing made by. the map the Gazette says:
Take the belt of country Btretching from Mafektng
to Barberton— some 350 miles as the crow flies— and note
how every Important place, and many others besides,
within that belt Is a center of disturbance— Ottoahoop,
Lichtenburgr, Rustenburg, . Krugersdorp, Johannesburg,
Middelburg, 'Belfast. Or, asrain, take another belt of
country from Barberton to Philippolle in the southwest
of (he Orange River Colony, some 500 miles in length,
and you encounter opposition at Carolina, Ermelo,
Bethel, Standerton, Platrand (where the railway was re
cently cut), Vrede, Reltz, Harrismith, Ficksburg (held by
the Boers), Ladybrand, Wepener, Dewetsdorp, Jagersfon
tein. Take yet another line from Vryburg. in Cape Col
ony—midway between Kimberley and Mafeking— to Vry
heid, in the -southeast of the Transvaal, a distance of
nearly 400 miles, and you have fighting - going on at
Bloemhof, Hoopstad, Bothaville, Kroonstad, . Venterg
burg, Senekal. Bethlehem, in the hilly triangle formed by
Reitz. Vrede and Harrismith, in the ¦ Drakensberg
passes, Utrecht and Vryheid. A glance at the line of
railway from the Orange River to Pretoria, and thence
to Komati Poort in the far East, and from, Volkarust in
the northern apex of Natal to Johannesburg and Potc.hef>
stroom, will show how our lines of communication are
daily threatened by the enemy. . ..,•-¦ ..' :',
To crush an opposition of that kind by- military
force it will be necessary to resort to what has become
known as Weylerism. From that the British naturally
shrink. A demand has arisen in London as well as
in Cape Town for a resort to statesmanship instead of
war. One of the difficulties in the way of conciliation
is that as soon as a Boer becomes conciliated and
settles down on his. farm the guerrillas raid his place
and kill him as a traitor. The problem is a difficult
one. but it is certain the solution of it is not to be
found in Weylerism. Such tactics have been' tried in
many lands and many ages, and always they have
failed. The indomitable Boers are not to be conquered
by anything Kitchener can do. If Great Britain have a
single wise statesman in her councils now is the tims
for her to listen to him.
THE INDOMITABLE BOERS.
BY SALLY SHARP.
It is going to be a crowded and a busy session. The
river and harbor bill alone will take up much time,
for it is expected to provide larger appropriations
than ever before in our history. The Republican
steering committees will have to exercise a great deil
of skill they succeed in carrying through even the
measures we have named. In fact some Republican
leaders, including Senator Frye. are quoted as saying
an extra session is inevitable. We need not, however,
face that fear just yet. The Democratic opposition is
composed mostly of Southern men, and they are likely
to be on their good behavior at this session for fear the
Congressional apportionment may be made upon the
basis of voters, and not of population. There is such
a thing as making the country tired of too much
South in Congress, and consequently there may be
no violent opposition to needed measures.
Where the session is so short and the number of
important measures so great the minority will have a
good deal of power, for by making a fight on every
measure that arises the business of Congress may be
delayed despite all the efforts of the majority to
hasten it. Consequently the attitude of the Demo
crats toward the leading measures of the session is a
matter of great public interest. Should they under
take a determined obstructive policy in opposition to
every part of the programme of progress they will
undoubtedly be able* to defeat much of it. To their
action, therefore, close attention should be given, so
that the public may have a clear understanding of
Democratic responsibility for the defeat or postpone
ment of any important measure.
Among the important issues of the time are the re
duction of the war tax, the merchant marine bill, the
Nicaragua canal bill and an. immigration restriction
bill. The canal bill and the shipping bill are now
before the Senate. The day and hour when the Sen
ate is to take up the canal bill is, in fact, already fixed
by action taken at the last session; and it has been
announced that Senator Frye intends to call up the
shipping bill as unfinished business. Those two meas
ures; therefore, are in good positions, and unless some
unfortunate conflict arises between their supporters
we may reasonably expect the passage of both.
Our dispatches from Washington are to the effect
that the Republican leaders, realizing the impossibility
of passing all desirable measures at this session, will
deal first with measures of imperative urgency and
leave for future consideration those which are not
absolutely necessary. It thus becomes a matter of
interest to the public to learn as early as possible what
issues are to be taken up and what are to be post
poned. It is quite probable the country may differ
from Congress as to the comparative importance of
various measures, and. therefore, pressure may have to
be exerted by the press and by boards of trade and
similar organizations urging action upon measures
which mipht otherwise be set aside.
The routine appropriation bills will have to be
passed, and the country also expects this winter a river
and harbor bill, carrying large appropriations.
Another matter of urgency is the army bill, for our
present military establishment terminates by law on
July 1, and unless a new law be enacted the army will
on that date shrink to very narrow limits. Finally
Congress is expected this winter to pass a Congres
sional apportionment bill, so that the various State
Legislatures may know how many districts they are
to establish in apportioning their States.
/^^•ONGRESS assembles to-day for the short ses
( sion with' an amount of work before it which it
can hardly hope to c&mplete. Between now
and March 4, when the session closes, the holidays
are to intervene, so that there will be hardly more
than sixty working days for the transaction of busi
ness: and so numerous are the important measures
before the two houses it is fairly certain that some of
them will have to be postponed to the next session.
CONGRESS AND ITS WORK.
It will be well for the faculty and the, students of
other American colleges to study with care the les
son which the Institute of Technology has learned in
this respect, and to follow the example the institute is
about to set in devising safer and better methods of
athletic sports and rivalries.
These plans will be pushed to completion as rapidly
as the, resources of the institute will admit."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 3. 1900.
. The allied powers, it is announced, intend to modjfy
fheir demands upon China. It is always wise when
you cannot get what you want to accept gracefully
what you can.
:.It is officially announced that the battleship Ken
tucky has mude a very deep impression upon the Sul
tan of. Turkey-. He should have a care that it does
not make a deeper impression upon some of the cities
cf his people/
Before the big intercollegiate football game on
Thanksgiving day the Berkeley boys declared that
they intended to rip things up. They seem to have
succeeded, but, in. the loss of the game, not as they
anticipated.. ....
4
.; ."• •:. • .AMUSEMENTS.
Colusiblfi— "Th* Fortune Teller."
;! Tlvull— ¦¦A-Joliy Mufkrtwr."
Alhambr*— "A Hot Old Ttnae."
. California— Haverly'e Minstrels.
•Orpheum— Vaudeville.
' Aljra2ar^*"Ms<l»me Butterfly."
Oljnipia. corner Mayon and Eddy streets — £>p«-.*ialtiea.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afterr.oon«and
>'»Vninx... • - '
Fifk+r'r— Vaudeville.
Csllf.opT'.ia, J.r>ckpy. Club. Oakland Rac*'ra ik— Ra<~py to-day.
AUC11OA fcuAO-hJa.
By Win.-. G. Lyanir— Monday evening. December 3. at 7:45
r cloek— Thoroughbred yearlings, at 721 Howaid nreet.
B> B. 'P."- Oliver— Wednesday. December 12. at 12 o'clock.
ii.es.1 E?tat«. at 2?1 Sutler street.
Poplar boxes for etching. TewsseaO'aL *
Choice candles. Townsend'aJPalac* HotaL*
Towneend'a California place fralts, BJc a.
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel bulldlif. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and publlo m«m by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont-
gomery tt. Telephone Main 1043. •
"One of de gr«t hindrances tn <5» wj; ef
de cullud race." said Uncle Eben. *i» dmt
dar ain* no way of habbln chicken Btsal-
ln" politely spoke of In de paperi u a de-
falcation."— Washington Star.
If You're In a Hurry Take tbm "Onr-
land Limited,"
L«*Tta« Sab Trmnelseo <**lly at 1» a. a, *ta>
Central Pacific. Union Pael3o aad Chleaco aad
Northwestern railway*, a&d arrtrtaff at Cbleaso
at 1:30 a. m. th* third day. A toltd t»mi baled
train of euperb splendor, cajrjlac Pullmaa
doublo drawing-room eleepef. *'w<wr car aad
buffet smoking and library ear. San Francisco
to Chicago without chance. Only four dan to
New York and Boston. If 70a want fexxory
and comfort combined with speed aad aaXacy.
take the "Overland Limited."
¦ e> « ¦ 1 \ '- -" -.,/
"I wouldn't call Miss Danger mor« than '
83. Would you?
"N-no. Not to her face, I wouldn't."—
Philadelphia Bulletin. - :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EASY CURE
What • will you say to a
cream that makes you digest
your food so well that 'you
lose your weakness and pain ?
It is Scott's emulsion of
cod-liver oil.
Turns common food into
nerve and bone and muscle
and fat.- . .'* A
We'll ««nd yen • Uttla to try If yen IDml /
SCOTT & BOWNE. 409 P«rl torn. HcwYdbfc:CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 2.— The Tur
ko-German difficulty regarding a coaling
station on the Red Sea has been settled,
Germany intimating that she only wants
a station during the Chinese crisis.
Turko-German Trouble Settled.
Point of View.
The Maurice Grau grand opera season
is a thing of the past for this year at
least. This morning at 1 o'clock the com
pany .left San Francisco en route to Den
ver in a special train of nineteen cars.
Immediately arter last night's perform
ance of "Higoletto" there was bustle and
hurry to catch the train, jn early all thr
scenery had been loaded on the cars dui
irir the daytime, and half an hour aft^r
midnight the train v.-as ready to pull
out.
Manager Grau was interviewed Just be
fore his departure for the train. He
seemed in good humor, and had all kinds
of nice things to say about San Francisco.
"I wish to bid farewell to San Francisco
people through your paper," he said. "J
have had a most successful season here,
and have done far better than I ever an
ticipated. I do hope the San Francisco
people are well pleased with my company
and are perfectly satisfied. I know of
no city outside of New Vork where grand
opera is so well patronized as here. You
must remember that we have played three
weeks this time, and the business improv
ed every night."
When asked if the season of grand op
era was a linancial success, he said:
"1'es; I have done very well. The only
thing that surprised me was that we
did bigger business with "Die Walkure"
than any oilier performance." .
Asked if he intended coming here
again next year ne said, should he de
cide to rro outside of New York, San
Francisco would be the first city he would
think of visiting. Ho said he did not
know whether Mme. Melba would be with
him next season or not.
The Grau company will sing at: Salt
Lake City. December 4; Denver, Decem
ber. 6. 7 and 8: Kansas City. December 10
and 11: Lincoln, Nebr.. December 12;
Minneapolis. December 13. 14 and 15; New
York. Metropolitan Opera-house, opening
Tuesday, December IS.
MANAGER GRAU THROWS
JUST A FEW BOUQUETS
Says Grand Opera Season Was Most
Successful From Financial
Mabel Hudson and the Leondor brothers
are the Olympia's attractions for the
week.
Samsone and Dellla, the equilibrists, are
at the Chutes and Zoo this week, also
Kenwick and the Jacksons.
hill and Cooper's comedians, are among
the week's attractions at Fischer's.
• * *
"The Green-Eyed Monster," with Cog-
Patrice in "The Girl in the Moon." Ro
hertus and Wilfredo. equilibrists and Jug
glers: Pantzer trio. May de Souza and A.
M. Powers are the week's headliners at
the Orpheum.
"The Jolly Musketeer" I? in its third
and last week at the Tivoli. The opera
has had an excellent reception. It will be
followed by the Christmastide fancy,
"Cinderella." the children's play.
The Alcazar Theater has an especially
attractive programme for the week in Da
vid Belasco's new Japanese playlet
"Madame Butterfly." The play has had a
remarkable success in New York and Lon
don and is probably in for a considerable
run at the popular little playhouse It will
be preceded nightly by the "howling
farce," "Where is Tompkins." . ••r •
cores, which leaves something very like i
complete change of programme. In thi
?econd part George Wilson has made ui
a new speech and Gardener and Hun
have taken on new tunes to play upoi
their musical curiosities. It bids fair t<
be another good week for Haverly's.
_Haverly's Minstrels opened their, second
week to a good house and much apprecia
tion. In the first part all the songs but
the favorites have been changed, and even
the favorites have been reserved for en-
An audience that taxed the capacity of
the Alhambra witnessed the opening of
the return engagement* of "A Hot Old
Time" last ni?ht. The piece, replete as it
is' with excruciatingly funny situations,
repeated Its former- success and Is des
tined to have a successful two weeks* run.
The brunt of the comic work fell to John
W. Jess, who played the part of Larry
Mooney In a way that made every one
laugh in spite of himself. He was. ably
assisted by Dan Baker, who plays Jack
Treadwell, a Yale quarterback. Tread
well, uisguiBed as Mooney, causes a verit
able comedy of errors to ensue and the
two "Irish Dromtes" were so comical that
several ladies in the audience gave evi
dence of hysterics. In the company are
Frank Hayes and Anna Suits, old favor
ites here, whose dancing is above the or
dinary. John and Bertha Gleaaon do 'a
clever cake-walk and Illustrate almost
every known form of dancing. The rest
of the company acquitted themselves cred
itably. Just before the. performance .the
audience looked pleasant while a flash
light photograph was taken from the
stage.
May dc Sousa, now singing at the Or
pl emn, is prooably one of the luckiest
Kirls at present making a living on the
vaudeville stage, ahe is a daughter ot
Detective Joliu de sousa of the Chicago
police department. A3 a little girl sne
was fond of music, ana nature gave her
a more man usually pleasing voice. The
child warned to go on tlie stage. Her
vc ce, in spite of nature's fine foundation,
required cultivation. Her parents couirt
not afford the expense, so May started out
to <io some cuU.vuting on Her own ac
count. , . ,
The little maid's efforts resulted In her
securing a scholarsnip at a Chicago
musical coilege, irom which institution
si e recently graduated with honors.
After scoring a series of successes in
the East, Fhe secured her present Or
pheum engagment. Just prior to her de
parture rrutn Chicago tne church of Holy
Name parish held a bazaar. One of the
prizes, contributed by a wealthy member
of the parleh, was a trip to Europe. This
prize was to go to the most popular girl
in the parish. May de Sousa wpn It. and
at the close of ner present engagement
will go to Paris and npend several years
studying music and singing under Mme.
Marches!. ,
Second T7sek of Alice Nielsen's Suc
cessful Engagement — "Hot Old
Time" at Alhambra-
Alice Nielsen and her opera company
enter to-night upon the second week of
their successful engagement at the Co
lumbia Theater. The opera for the week
is the popular "Fortune Teller." in which
Miss Nielsen gained =uch favorable note
In New York and in which she made her
first appearance as a star. Eugene Cowles
is also happily cast in the opera, and the
rest of the company is seen and heard to
advantage. v'-^ /l.^
NEWS FEOM CITY'S
VARIOUS THEATERS
Scotti'F I;]?;<jletto was nothing in the
nature of a surprise, bilt it is of the best
that this adirlrablo artSet has given us of
his splendid rcp^noire. a picture drawn
with surest, touch, deeply human, from
its fantastic drollery to the fine pathos of
the scene of the distracted jester at his
dead daughter's si<"ie. A vocal triumph,
too. the part was*.
Saleza is in no role h.ipnler than that
of the Duke, and pang with mopt admir
able finish and sweetness last evening.
His "Donn-i e Mobile," of cours", brought
dov.-n the house. "--«, ""•". '"¦'.
Louise Homer made a picturesque Mad
daler.a. singing and looking the part with
much Bweetness. Jrhe is a (banning art
ist.
timber, its sweetness:, flexibility, range, all
give strong hint of like achievement in
no very distant future. She has temper
ament, to'». but is yet GOmev/hat seif-con
fcious. She wri"* received most warmly
by the au lionce
TWO CHARMING SINGERS, ONE AN OPERATIC STAR. THE OTHER
A VAUDEVILLE CELEBR1TE. WHO ARE NOW DELIGHTING SAN
FRANCISCO THEATER-GOERS WITH THEIR VOCAL GIFTS.
RESCUED AT SEA
FROM SINKING SHIP
Norwegian Bark Bolivia Becomes
Waterlogged, but the Crew Are
Saved by a Steamer.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— The Lamport and
Hall line steamer Gibers. Captain Braith
waite. which arrived to-day from Brazil
ian ports, brought Captain Haakonson and
fourteen seamen of the Norwegian bark
Eolivia. which was abandoned at sea. The
Bolivia left Darien November 20 for Hull.
On the 26th she ran into a gale lasting
forty-eight hours. She labored and
strained oadly, causing her to sp-lng a bad
leak. Heavy seas also boarded the vessel,
and when the storm subsided she was
waterlogged. All hands were kept at the
pumps, but in spite of their efforts the
water steadily poured In from the bow
and stern, where her seams opened. On
the 29th the steamer Olbers was sighted
ar.d stood by while the crew abandoned
the bark and took all hands safely aboard.
The Bolivia w*s then «=een to be fast set
tling in the water.
Professor Moore contends that the deci
sion was a commendation instead of con
demnation of storm warning?. The^ bu
reau, he says, r-onsiders that out of every
five ftrecastF of precipitation one has
tailed of verification, while there has not
been a destructive marine storm any
wberc in the United Statfs in over six
years that was not j-reccced by the dan
prr v.artiir.Es. or n severe cold wave of
which farmers were not given timely
warning.
REBELS STILL ACTIVE
THROUGHOUT COLOMBIA
Insurgents Capture Town of Chngrss,
Being Subsequently Driven
Out.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Dec. 2.— Advices
to-day from Co!on by the Royal Mail
steamer Don indicate the continuance of
considerable rebel activity in all quarters
of Colombia. Last Wednesday a strong
force of insurgents captured the town of
ChagTes, fifteen miles from Colon. Eight
hundred Government troops were sent im
mediately to relieve the town, and shnrp
fighting followed. The Government forces
lost heavily, but the rebels were compelled
to retire.
The insurgents were also reported to be
attacking Porto Colombia and Snbinalla,
to which points Government reinforce
ments had been ordered. The martial law
was being Ftrictly enforced in Colon and
a large number of people had been im
prisoned under suspicion.
The V. S. S. Bancroft and the British
second-class cruiser Intrepid were at
Colon when the Don left.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— Professor
Mor.re. chief of the Weather Bureau, has
macf- .•». statement in which h» calls at
tention to the recent decision of the
United Stales Conrt of Appeals at Rich
mond. Va.. Involving the responsibility of
a vessel maFter for damages by rain to a
c.irfro of lice- discharged on an unshel
tered wharf at Charleston. S. C. when
the bureau hail predicted rain. He says
that, contrary to widely published com
ments, the de> ifMnn clearly stated that
n-her^ the Ftorm warnings are brought to
the attention of vessel masters It is their
dnty to take and observe
them, tboujrb the court saM the ordinary
predictions of rain, pp.ow and moderate
changes of temperature are lrss reliable
than nir^opt anything of which the gen
trr.l puMie is expected to take cognizance.
Verification.
But One Has Failed of
OntjOf Every Five Predictions of Rain
RATIO OF SUCCESS OF
THE WEATHER FORECASTER
NEWCASTLE, Pa.. Dec. L-What is
Raid to be a new species of fowl is being
raised. by Lindas Perkins. Constable and
chicken fancier of this city. His hennery
Is in the Sixth Ward, near an asbestos
: works, and the chickens feed on asbestos
«if tings. Persons who have bought eggs
from Perkins recently complained that
ihey did not cook well. Fire had little ef-
Ject on them. When eaten raw they
seemed to be ail right, but they could not
be boiled cr fried properly.
Seme young chicKens were hatched from
the r-egs arid instead of hav<ng feathers
the. new brood is growing a covering of
oown that resembles asbestos. They are
unlike anything ever seen by chicken fan
ciers.- according to Perkins.
' Hundreds ot persons have seen the
chickens, and. while Perkins Is pleased at
the excitement hia fowls are creating.
tn<r» is no market for fireproof eggs. He
eays he will ship some of the chickens to
the. Emithsonian Institution at Washing
ton for an explanation of the effects of
mineral wool feed.
Queer Progeny of Hens That
Peed on . Asbestos
Sittings.
In Lieu of Feathers They 'Are Cov
. • cred by a Down That Pos
sesses Mineral Qual
ities.
*P|fe,' .- Special Dl«pa.tch to The OIL
CHICKENS FROM
FIREPROOF EGGS
Mr. Woodruff says that on the night of
November 10 a band of six Indians, three
men and three women, a remnant of the
Xashult-Ple band of the Chiricahuas, who
did not surrender with Geronlmo and who
have been marauding the outlying Mor
mon settlements In Mexico for several
years, raided a Mormon ranch and carried
off a lot of plunder. Two men took up
the trail the next day and came upon the
Indians in a deep canyon and In the fight
that ensued one Indian and two squaws
were killed, the rest escaping to the moun
tains with the stolen stock. Woodruff and
three other men joined the pursuers next
day, but did nothing more than to bury
the dead Indians,
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.-The killing of
three Indians In a fight In Mexico has
been reported to the Indian Bureau by
Captain Michaelson In charge of the San
Carlos Indian Agency in Arizona. He says
that Mr. Woodruff of Salt Lake City, one
of the Mormon Church leaders, has come
to San Carlos and reported j to him the
particulars of recent Indian troubles In
Mexico near the Casas Grande.
Details of a Recent Fight Hear the
Casas Grande in Mexico Report
ed by Mormon Elder
Woodruff.
Marauding Chiricahuas Who
Did Not Surrender With
Geronimo.
SETTLERS SLAY
MEXICAN REDS
BY BLANCHE PArVTINGTON.
Excellent Performance Is Enthusiastically Applauded by
Appreciative Audience.
" RIGOLETTO" THE PARTING
OFFERING OF GRAU STARS
CSy 1 ? /GSM ITI1 an excellent P er ~
m I a I f° rmance of "Rigoletto"
g n I last evening, at the
/ H- Grand Opera-house, tha
"^^ Grau people took their
leave of San Francisco,
with expressions of utmost good-will on
both sides.
The theater retained the afternoon's
decorations for the Elks' memorial ser
vice, and had all the air of a farewell fes
tivity, as if the city were wearing the
weeping willow at the departure of the
sweet singers .from our midst.
The house might have been better filled,
but the enthusiasm has hardly been more
marked at any performance given during
the season, the singers receiving a perfect
ovation.
Three stand out prominently from the
cast— Saleza. who was in beautiful voice;
Scotti, who gave the finest Rigoletto
we have heard here, and Suzanne Adams,
whose Gllda suggested frequent compari
sons between the singer and Melba her-
Efclf.
It is not that Miss 'Adama has yet
reached or touched the supreme heights
from which Melba looks down upon all
artists In her own class, but the voice-
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— Five hundred
delegates are in Washington to attend the
twenty-seventh annual convention of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union.
whose regular business session begins to
morrow. The indications are that the
conv ntion will be one of the most profit
able in the history of the organization.
To-day a preliminary meeting was held,
presided over by the national president.
Airs. Lillian Stevens of Maine. Mrs. J.
R. Barney of Round the World Temper
ance Jlissiipary Workers for the W. C.
T. U. delivered her annual sermon. In
¦which she referred to the night of the
Israelites under Moses to Jerusalem. She
likened the promised land 01" the He
brews to the promised land of the twen
• tieth century now cawninE for the W. C.
i T. Ui workers. "Our Jericho." she said.
] "Is about to aawn upon us. It Is the com
ing century when efforts should be
redoubled and aggressiveness should be
i the watchword lor increased activity In
abolishing the saloon and stamping out
the hcuor evil."
One of the most important features of
the convention will be a Giscuasion of the
army canteen. Mrs. Ella M. Thatcher,
national puperintendent cf the sailors'
and soldier.-?' department, who has this
matter in charge, will offer a resolution
condemning the canteen. Mrs. Thatcher
| has visited all thf> army headquarters
; and soldiers' homes of the country, ex
i aminlng the workings of the canteen thor
] ouglily. She rteclaicfl that there is a
remarkable difference between the old
pololer al the home at Marlon. Ind..
! where there is no canteen, and other
\ po ts. The men are belter mentally and
| physically, she said.
Mrs. Helen Bullock of New York, now
| superintendent of the Social Purity
; League and a delega;» to the convention,
j delivered an address to-night on the sub
ject of temperance. She said the W. C.
| T. L\ now has 3M.0W boys and girls In
! its Royal Temperance I-ecrion. and 16.
i 0o.\(KW children in th»» public schools are
! receiving temperance instruction. In
i every State except South Carolina and
! I'tah. she stated, the laws demand that
! all public school children be taught tem
• perance and be instructed in the evils of
| drink and of th« virtues of abstinence.
Washington Promises to Be
Very Successful.
That "Will Shortly Convene in
Representatives to Woman's
Christian Temperance
Union.
? ¦
Twenty-Seventh Annual Convention
DELEGATES ARE
NOW ASSEMBLING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1900.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every Step South i :
1 of Market Street]
until -r^**^
\ y ? u \
; come j!
lj to . .:<!
\ 75O j!
\ MISSION >^
r^~ rJ ~ rJ ~^ S1REET
? means money saved in |
> buying your Christmas '
gifts. ||
S Our location is away '
]! from expensive Market- <
( 1 street rents, and that's <
i| a big item in a big store. !
Our patrons get the !
benefit in ]
FURNITURE ! :
A^4D IN CARPETS j
j! We will quote " you <
]! prices one - third less
< th°.n will greet you !
i; elsewhere. Let us ,
i| prove it to you. '
ilNOIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE CO.
| 750 Mission St.
DolopA These hotels oos-
A aiatC sess the attributes
j that tourists and
clXICl travelers appreciate
-^-central location.
H-ranH liberal manasre-
VII ullU ment. modern ao-
Yj , | pointments and
nOtelS Perfect cuisine.
. Amencan and Eu-
San Francisco ropean plans.
AMUSEMENTS.
A WHOPPING] BIG BILL!
PATHICE ANT> COMPANY,
EOBERTUS AND WILFREDO,
PANTZER TRIO, MAY DE SOUSA,
A. M. POWERS,
JULIUS P. WITMARK. MART DUPONT
AND CHARLES LOTHIAN. MALLORT
BROTHERS AND BROOKS.
THE GREAT WALDOS.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony. 10c; Ox>#ra
Chairs and Box Seats, 60c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALF ELLINGHOUSB Prop, and Manager
Phone South 770.
TRUTH IS MIGHTY AND MUST PREVAIL.
The Funniest of All Farce Comedies.
Our Regulation Bis House.
To Boom Along a Good Show.
THE RAYSv Howling Success,
A HOT OLD TIME !
FUNNIER THAN EVER.
Brought Up to Date. - With New Specialties
That Will Make You Laugh.
- Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
For Two Weeks Only.
Evening— 15c. 23c, S5c. 60c and 75c. Matin*-—
15c, 25c, 35c and 50c. Every Evening, including
next Sunday Matinee and Nlfjht.
DON'T MISS SEEING THIS SHOW.
. THIS MONDAY NIGBT,
The Sensation of N«w York and London.
David Belasco"» Charming Japanese Story
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the Howling Farce
"WHERE IS TOMPKINS?"
SEATS— 15c, 25c, S5c, 50e.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
FT^CHFR'^I CONCERT HOUSE.
COGHILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS IN
"THE GREEN-EYED MONSTER."
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICAL
ACTS!
Reserved seats 25c. .Matinees Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Our Advice to Country Buyers
is to send in their orders at once for
the holidays to insure prompt and
perfect delivery. We, as well as all
transportation companies, will be
very busy. We prepay freight within
100 miles. Write for Holiday (52-
page) Catalogue.
- SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
Kona Coffee, roasted and ground Ib 25c
The demand for Kon* continue* to
increase. Reg. 25c.
Narenberg Blue, reg. 25c box 20c
La AH: tha rery belt. .?:..
Cheese, reg. 35c ib 25c
Of the Stilton character. Mad« la
New York State. Very dellcat* Cavor.
Almonds, Gal. shelled, rsg. 40c ID 30c
This teaaon'i finest.
Olives, Qaesn, reg, 35c crt 25c
Gall Soap, from Germany ck 25c
Positively restores color pf faded arflts
or woolens. Removes tu and rreaai
spot*.
Puree de Foies Gras. Truffes %£• 20c tin
Ready for sandwiches. »• "
"Purltas" Ginger Ala tfoz SI.20
Rer. $1 tS. Equal to tSu» -fiaact Im-
ported-
Gas Lighter, reg. 35c 25c
Including a box of tapeofc - * "
Pope Night Lights, reg. 15 fax 10c
100 llshts In box.
Rjb Wblsky •"fiFSSSr^a
1S33L Th» leader of a! 1 rr«*.
Bat. $1.15; gal $4.50
Talcum Powder 3 boxes 25c
Rer. 10c each, lady Je&nette'a, Soota-
Ins to akin. For lnfaats and adnlta.
fffiAR^ Smoke~EL-EL (L. Leben-
wiuAna. baurn & Co )e A bJeh .
?rade clear Havana In all sizes..
Write for cigar price list.
Bon-Bona and Tree Ornament*- la pro-
fusion displayed at our store.
AM u h r, m is nxh.
THE NEW PROGRAMME- OF
HAVERLY'S
MASTODON MINSTRELS
MADE A BIO HIT WITH
TWO IMMENSE AUDIEXCES YESTERDAY.
Next Sunday Afternoon. THAT BTJNNT
FELLOW,
JOHN m. WELCH,
In tha Comedy Cyclone.
*T!VOLI*
| A Megaphone is a Loud Talker !
THI3 IS THE THIRD WEEK OO 1
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
WHICH IS PROOF ENOUGH OF ITS
MERIT.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Telephone Bush 9.
POPULAR PRICES 23o and 50o
SPECIAL! SPECIAL?
"CINDERELLA" WILL BE WITH US SOON.
MOBOSCO'S
GRAND OPERA. HOUSE
BEATS NOW ON SALE AND SSUiCfO FAST.
THIS EVENING".
REOPKNINO of the Dramatlo Beuos.
FIRST APPEARANCE of th«
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
Every artist direct from N»w York.
In a Btiperb production of
THE PRISONER of ZENDA-
First time at popular prlcea,
lOo, lSe. 23c and 5Oc.
A few front rows In orchestra, T6o.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Branch ticket office— Emporium.
COLUMBIAN
Be^Innln^ TO-NIGHT,
SECOND "WEEK OB"
ALICE NIELSEN
And th» ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO.
Direction of FRANK L. PERLET.
Ftrmt Time Here- of Herbert and Smith's
Socecsa.
TH _ FORTUNE
inn TELLER;
MISS NIELSEN In Her Orlslnal Stellar Role.
CHUTESjvND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND BVENINO.
SAMSOITE AND DTTT.TT.A, ANNA
KENWICK, THE JACKSONS,
DEL ATttTT.PHIA, LITTLE
at.-m-a QUS LEONARD, NEW
MOVING PICTUBES.
AMATEUR NIGBT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for Beats. Park 23.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— WINTER MEETING— 1901. ¦
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. «d to DEC. 13th. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leavs San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. J. !:*> and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved (or
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mcl« con-
nect with. San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
to direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last raca.
THOMAS H. WILLI AM3 JR.. Praaident.
K. B. MILROY. Secretary.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
]| Improved ||
iWelsbach f
ft IJ • (( g y I
i Light i!
! With I
1 Gas-Saving II
I Regulator— |
I a Guaranteed I
.1 Savinq 1
tin Cost of ii
en \it •
Jliohtina of ij
1 83V3 percent. ] i
"i~ — ; ij
."§ .. You can't afford to use % \
* any other light. t \
I Welsbach Company 1;
S 13$ Ellis Street |i
<i '¦'. IO28 Market St.'ee. Si
«!• Ciext Phonograph ParlorM
ft nnd al! dealer*. <1
r^^mK bottle CUnESJ
ft MCBURNEY'S g
f)M? rvluIIC J^ CURE Q
ijpV A thorough cure for
C pains In the back,
J v BRICHrS DISEASE.
M rj^ female troubles, lncon-j
nuence Of urine, brlcJc dntt deposits, bed>
wetting of children, pravel, gall stones,
<ir°J*7. diabetes, and rheuraatisnu
TOR SALE AT
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny 8t..
AND AT i
THE OTL DUCa CO.. 112% Market rt.
Per.d 2Sr in 2c etamps to 'W. F. McBurney
418 S. Pprlac et.. Lob Angeles. Cal.. forS
Care' tr^etment. PreraM tl SO. Druggists.
§MM, VIGOR. VrrALITYforME^
MORMOX BISHOP' S PILLS
have been in use orer fifty
yearm by the leaden of the I
Mormon Church and their fol- ;
lowers. Positively cum the I
woret caees In old and voting i
• risir.g from effect! cf »elf-
ebuse. (SieBipatlon, «xcee»e» or
c5(r«-rette-«mokiniE. Cures I^ost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. EvU Desires. Lame Hack.
Kervou* Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. «r V*r!cocele or Con-
ttipatlon. Etrr-sNe 3M r\-ous Twitch ln<r
cf Eyelids. Effectn Immediate.
Jrrpart vl^or and *»«-«» » potency to ei-ery 1
lunation. Don't get despondent: a cure ts at I
hind Restore* tmiJ!. undeveloped orjj*o».
ttlmulatet the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; « for J2 E0 by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money r»>fHn<l<>(» with * boxe*. Clrculari
'ret Address HISHOX' REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis
ex San Krajwlsco. Cal.. GRANT DRUO CO..
ts'and 40 Third st.
f&x&y FAVORITE
H *VoR WEAKWOMEW.
LrV. T. HESS.
: CTABV r£6*\Z ANJ 4.TT0£N£/-Ar>!.A7.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bide.
Telephone Brown 831.
aeaidence. ill California «t.. below Powell.
. Ban Frandsoo.
OR; GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
I or Ui# cure of GONORRHOEA, OLEET8,
ond analocou* complalnu of. ta«
Oitsns of Generation.
Frfe* n a bctUe, For sal* by drorfteta.
| MAGAZINE %
W HpHIS is the most beautiful number of The Century ever «(
f\, X issued,— in fact it probably will be pronounced the
A*, most beautiful number of any magazine. The color print- *k
m 'ing is exquisite,— Frank Vincent Du Mond has illustrated §p
*'jt M* lton ' s 9 deon the Nativity, and it is, printed in six colors !/•
M mid four tints ; each page is a work of art. §L
sj>: There are complete stories by Henry James, L. B. Wai- j/7
ford (author of "The Baby's Grandmother'), Carolyn Wells JK
';(" Ghosts who Became Famous— a Christmas Fantasy "), fr,
o? Charles Dudley Warner, Edwin Asa Dix (the author of
M " Deacon Bradbury"), Charles Battell Loomis (" While the fC
¦>• Automobile Ran Down"),— most of them illustrated; the »?r
&r first of a delightful series of articles, " Down the Rhine," *»
S by Augustine Birrell, M. P., for which the great illustrator l>
*V Castaigne is making a series of pictures which will be a
gT veritable panorama of the Rhine. Li Hung-chang's pri- "^
J'5 vate secretary, Mr. W. N. Pethick, contributes an article *V
W on the siege of Peking, and there are many other notable m§t
•S contributions. The points of the Christmas Century are Jv»
% 15EAUTY AND INTEREST i
xLl On and after the issue of this December (Christmas) Century, we will send |jfc|
the August, September, October and November numbers (containing first four B^J
**i3l ' FRFF- > nsta J ments °f that very popular novel, "The i Helmet bf Navarre") 7»jl,
Jr filLL f re Q of charge to any persons who will subscribe to Tke Century %g\
HP' for one year, beginning: with tho December number. Remit $4.00, the yearly 4BH
2»S subscription price, and get sixteen numbers for the TRICE OF twelve. Sri
JL- Remit by check, draft, money-order or express-order. JoJ
M THE CENTURY CO., Union Square, New York. S
jffj ,- . ..._..¦_¦ R w c VM
Heavy Willow Rocker,
An excellent, comfortable rocker —
/ we're telling them for
$3.75.
Estimate* on complete house fur-
nlehing cheerfully
special redu ;r:o:js
In FURNITURE AND CARPETS
Till Christmas.
Evaf! CASH OR CREDIT.
Free delivery on $25 worth and
over. . .
BRILLIANT'S
338-34O-342 POST 8T.
Near Powell. Open Evening*.Runs responsible for— Johnson 5. Three-base
hit— Stulz. Sacrifice hit— Graham. First base
on errors— Sacramento 1. First base on called
balls— Off Hughes 5, off Johnson 5. Left on
bases— Sacramento 6. Stockton 5. Struck out—
By Hughes 1, by Johnson 2. Hit by pitcher-
Stanley 2, Courtney. Double plays— Stulz to
Hanlon: Devereaux to Hanlon; Hughes to
Hanlon to Devereaux. Tim© of game— 1-23.
Umpire— Van Haltren. Scorer— Nathan.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 14 0 0 *— 5
Base hits 0 10 2 13 0 0 •— 7
Stockton 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 1 10 0 0 0 0 0 1—3
Totals 25 0 3 1 24 14 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNrNGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, If 3 0 1110 0
McGucken, cf 4 0 0 0 S 0 0
Moore, 5b 4 0 0 0* 2 1 0
McHale, 2b 8 0 10 2 5 0
Graham, c 10 0 0 3 4 1
Babbitt, s. s 8 0 10 4 10
Courtney, lb 2 0 0 0 9 0 0
Harper, rf 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Johnson, p 3 0 0 0 0 8 0
Totals 28 6 7 4 27 12 0
STOCKTON.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Sheehan, cf 4.0 1 1 00 0
Stanley, c 1 10 0 4 2 0
Eagan, s. s 3 10 0 12 0
Doyle, rf. 4 12 2 2 0 0
McLaughlin, If. .... 3 0 ! 0 0 0 0
Hanlon. lb 3 10 0 12 2 0
Hughes, p 4 11110 0
Stulz, 2b 3 0 2 0 S 4 0
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 2.— The Sacramen
to pennant winners let out a link to-day
In the closing game of the season and
shut out Dad Harper's hired hands to the
tune of 5 to 0. The game was the fastest
of the season and was all over In an hour
and twenty-three minutes. Hughes was
an enigma. Score:
of the Season.
Defeat Stocktons In the Fastest Game
! Knell, 2b 3 10 0 0 1 0
Levy, If 4 0 10 2 0 0
R«lHy.-Jb 4 110 13 1
Fitzpatrick, p 4 0 0 0 0 8 1
Totals 38 5 » 2 27 14 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 00600000 0-4
Base- hits 0 14000000—5
San Francisco 00200100 2 5
Base hits 01300112 1—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible, for— Borchers 1, Fitzpatrick
1- Two-base hits— Arrellanen, Bowman, Krug.
First base on errors— Oakland 0, San Francisco
3. First base on called balls— Oakland 5, San
Francisco 1. Left on bases— Oakland 3 San
Francisco 5. Struck out— By Borchers 3, by
Fitzpatrick 3. Hit by pitcher— Hutchlnson.
Double plays— Fltrpatrlck to Pabst to Reilly;
Francks to Hutchinson to Kelly; Francka to
Hutchlnson. Passed ball— Lohmaii. Wild
pitch— FiUpatrick. Time of game— 1:45 I'm
pire-Al. McDonald. Official scorer— H S. Me-
Farlin.
VICTORY FOR SACBAMENTOS.
Outside of this Inning Fitzpatrick
pitched good ball. Borchers suffered In
the third, but pulled together after two
runs were scored against his team.
Francks' work at short was the feature of
the game — ten chances and not an error.
The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, ef. 8 0 0 0 2 0 0
Francks, s. s 4 1 1 1 1 10 0
Held, rf 4 10 0 0 0 0
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 1 0 3 10
Hutchlnson, lb 2 1 1 1 14 1 1
Borchers, p 3 1 0 0 \0 2 1
Bowman, If 4 01 0 3 0 0
Lohman. c. 2 1 0 0 8 1 2
Kelly, 3b. 4 110 13 0
Totalt 30 *6 ~5 ~2 27 17 ~4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. Br. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, cf S 1 1 1 4 0 0
Hildebrand, rf 4 13 0 S 0 0
Krug;, a. a... 4 0 2 0 3 4 0
Pabst, lb 4 0 1 1 10 1 0
Schwartz, o. 4 1 10 6 3 6
Oakland 6, San Francisco 5.
Oakland doubted. the local team yester
day morning on the Oakland grounds in
the matter of errors, made but five hits
to Frisco's nine, yet won out the game by
a 6core of 6 to 5. The reason of It all
was a bouquet of hits In the third inning,
when Fitzpatrick was rattled for fojir
starry stickers and the local team for a
few costly errors. This netted six runs
for the Dudes. The run makers were
Francks, Held, Hutchlnson, Borchera,
Lohman and Kelly.
MORNING GAME.
Runs responsible for— Mosklman 3, Knell 1,
Kru8r 1. Three-bane hit— Held. Two-base Mts —
Krugr. Hildebrand, Schwartz, Mosklman. B&c
rtfice hit— Hildebrand. First ba*e on errors-
San Francisco 2, Oakland 2. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 3, Oakland 1. Left
on bases— San Francisco 8, Oakland 4. Struck
out— Ry Moskiman 1. by Kru* 1. Hit by
pitcher — Lohman. Double plays— Krug to
Brockhoff to Pabst; Held to Lohman, Time
of game— 1:45. Umpire— James McDonald. Of
ficial scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
SUMMARY.
San Francisco.... 102000000— i
Base hits 2 030010*1—*
Oakland 11030002*— 7
Base hits 33112002 •— 1%
Totals 34 7 12 2 27 15 2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
_ AB. R. BH. SR PO. A. E.
Drennan, o. f...^... 4 1112 0 0
Francks, a, s 4 0 2 113 0
Held. r. t 4 0 2 0 8 10
Arrellanea, 2b........ 4 1 2 0 1 2 0
HutchinBon, lb 3 ' 2 0 0 10 1 1
Moskiman, p 4 1 2 0 2 4 0
Bowman, 1. f 4 2 2 0 4 1 0
Lohman, c 4 0 0 0 8 10
Kelly. 3b 3 0 10 111
Totals \U 8 9 8 21 12 4
OAKLAND.
Levy. 1. f 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Reilly, 3b... 4 0 0 0 2 10
Knell. 2b & p I « 0 » 0 t •
AS THE CALL'S CARTOONIST HEWED THE CLOSING BASEBALL, GAME OF THE CALIFORNIA LEAGUE
SEASON. THE MATCH WAS PLAYED BETWEEN THE OAKLAND AND SAN FRANCISCO TEAMS AT
RECREATION GROUNDS IN THIS CITY.
WOODLAND, Dec. 2.— Forty-five sacks
of wild ducks were chipped from Knights
Landing on Friday. The hunting has been
better In the Sutter marshes for the past
two weeks than .In many years previously.
"Wild Game Plentiful.
Stockton Coursing.
STOCKTON. Dec. 2-The results of the
coursing of the Pacific Courting Club at
Goodwater Grove to-day were:
First found— Forgive beat R!«rht Arm; Scotch
Reel beat Graxt R; Arno beat Meadow Maid;
Glen Roy beat Cora B; Allesander beat J L It;
Tap Out beat Oa*h In; John Doe b*at Wild
Lassie; Black chief beat Cash Dar; Forget
Mo.- N<*. beat Haxel L; Bounding Belle beat
Mxiwrlt: Pink of Fashion beat Hanover;
Bappip* beat Sammy Gold; Leah beau. Lucy O;
.Jr.ker beat Waterloo Girl.
Peoond round— Forgive beat Scotch Reel;
Arab beat Glen Boy; Tap Out beat Allepandcr:
Jchn D>-e beat Haiel L: Bounding: Belle beat
Plae* Obtef: Ueah beat Pink or Fashion; Joker
b*at B&rpipe. .
Third round— Ami beat Forgive; John Doe
b*-2i Tap Out; Leah beat Bounding Belle;
J^ker a bye.
Fourth round— John T>oe beat Arno; Joker.
Final— John Doe beat Joker.
M. McDonald and W. Walsh 21 21 21
D. Connellr and .T. J. Kavanaujjh.... 16 18 IS
T. Murphy and D. Madden 21 21 21
M. Espen and T. Hanlow is u 17
Martin Levy and C. Schapfer 21 21 21
J. Dun-ant and M. Borwin 18 13 19
TT. Fisher and O. Tt. Hayward. a 21 14 17 21
VC. H. Sleberst and X. J. Pren
dergast 10 12 21 a 15
M. Bapch and M. Joyce 21 \% 21
G. B. Hayward and M. Levy 16 21 19
TV". I>. Cnrsllor and W. P.
BtaplT 21 i\ 19 20 21
F. \v. Stapfl and W. Darneal...20 18 21 21 16
Xj. TVatenftan and E. McDon
©URh 21 12 21 11 a
D. J. Bheehan and J. R. Bock
man 13 21 17 21 19
H. Racoullet and N. Polldorl 21 19 21
W. F. Brown and C. E. Llpp ,.18 21 18
P. Basch and M. Berwln 21 21 21
T. McManus and C. Baoch 21 12 19
The results of the handball games at
the San Francisco courts yesterday were
as follows:
Dan Rodjrers and M. McNelll.. .21 21 17 IS 21
P. McKinnon and G. MeDonald.13 18 21 21 20
Handball Games.
A keen northerly wind. blew across the
links and rendered the lack of a club
house severely apparent. Several friends,
however, accompanied the contestants
round the course. The fair green Is very
rough, being covered with tussocky grass,
which gives bad lies for the ball. The
putting greens are of earth mixed with
clay, but their rough and uneven surface
renders putting difficult. Consequently
low *core!« are not to be looked for. Hor
ace Rawlins and his brother Harry were
not at the Sausalito links yesterday, but
will visit them next Sunday.
In the mixed foursomes W. A. Horn
and Miss Grace Martin beat A. O..a"Arcy
and Miss Constance Borrowe, 1 up, and
J. M. Kllgarlf and Miss Mabel Mason de
feated C. H. Noble and Mrs. Leggett, 2
up, 1 to play. In the semi-final round R.
"\V. it a. -on and Miss Winifred Mason be
gan play against W. A. Horn and Miss
Grace Martin, but after playing one hole
the game was abandoned on account of
approaching darkness. The winning
couple will play In the final round against
J. M. Kilgjarif and Miss Mabel Mason.
Though yesterday had been set as the
concluding day of the tournament of the
SausaJito Golf Club, It was found impos
sible to finish the final rounds In any of
the eventB. Play In the final rounds of
the mixed foursomes and men's singles
was begun, but darkness fell before the
contestants could complete the nine holes.
In the ladies' championship event on
Saturday .Miss ilabel iM&son defeated
Mrs. Leggett and Mies Winifred Mason
was victorious over Miss Constance Bor
rowe. Miss Winifred Mason and Miss
Mabel Mason are thus left In the final
round, which will be played off during the
week or next Sunday.
In the men's championship event on
Saturday \V. A. Horn beat Major T. \V.
M. Draper by a score of 76 to 81 and Leon
ard Chenery defeated R. W. Mason by a
score of CS* to 7L Yesterday F. B. Find
lev beat \V. A. Horn by a score of 67 to
73^ L. Chenery drawing the bye. Play In
the final round between F. B. Findley and
Leonard Chenery began, but had to be
abandoned on account of uarkness. The
round will be finished next Saturday.
lito Golf Club Reach the Final
Rounds.
Players in the Tournament of Sausa-
CLOSE CONTESTS ON
FORT BAKER LINKS
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, s. s 4 1 2 0 2 S 1
Hildebrand. r. f 4 1 1 0 4 1 0
KrutT. p. & a. • 4 18 0 111
Pabst. lb 4 0 2 I 10 10
Schwartz, o 4 0 1 0 0 t I
Fitzpatrick, 0. f.... t 0 0 0 I 1 ••
SAN FRANCISCO.
Tho game at Recreation grounds was
interesting for its own sake and the fanat
ics who saw the last sad rites went home
with tears In their eyes that the season,
was over. The Dudes found Knell to their
liking for five innings, after which Krug
was put In the box. Heine proved very
strong until the eighth inning, when the
Dudes discovered a curve or two and shot
a brace of runners over the plate.
The first inning brought a run to both
teams. In the second Oakland took the
lead by earning a tally, but this was more
than counterbalanced In the fourth by a
couple of- Frisco chalk lines. But the
fourth was the decisive inning of the
fame. Hutchlnson, Mosklman and Bow
man made a fine display of Brummels on
the sacks. Schwartz thought he would
win sudden fame by catching "Hutch" off
guard, so he threw to Reilly. but the ball
went a few miles south of the third base
man, Hutchlnson and Mosklman crossing
the rubber. Later on Bowman scored on
the throw-in of Lohman's out. Thin gave
the Dudes an advantage which they kept
through the game. The score:
The windup of the season was devoid of
interest aa far aa championship honors
or a pennant were concerned. For a month
or more Sacramento led all the other
teams by so safe a margin as to put a
close finish out of the question. That
team still retains the championship and
the pennant. San Francisco finishes sec
ond, Stockton third and Oakland fourth
and last.
The California Baseball league season
of IWQ closed yesterday afternoon at the
Recreation grounds in this city and at Oak
Park In Sacramento. Oakland and San
Francisco gave the linal diamond per
formance here, Sacramento and Stockton
In the Capitol City.
RUBE LEVY had a chanca to dis
tinguish himself yesterday after
noon at Recreation grounds by
a deed that would have caused
his name to linger in the minds
of fanatics and small boys all during tho
winter intermission of baseball. It was
the last same of the season and until
April cf 1901 Rube would have been the
unworking king.
All that Mas required of him was a
home run or something less anarchical.
Pabst. Schwartz and Fitzpatrick were on
the bags, the inning was the eighth, the
score 5 to 3 In favor of Oakland, and only
a single death. Rube tried hard enough,
but he signally failed. A high drive to
Held ended .Levy's career and a quick re
turn to the plate, when Pabst was caught
coming- home, completed the death of
the local team's chances of winning. Har
rjs says ne will not fine hl9 left fielder,
but Rube is sad over toppled opportu
tunltles. In the next inning the Dudes
rubbed It In, the final score reading 7 to 'i.
San Jose Park Heopens.
SAN JOSE, Dee. 2.— The Ban Jose
Coursing Park reopened to-day, and In
th^ 48-desr stake Lovlna won flr« money.
Onward second and Oahara third money.
Open stake, 6*con<l round— J. T>sn's Gallant
b^at G^i/rge Ncthprcott's Floodgate. 16-12;
PasliK Kennels" Rude Awakening b*at E. H.
Si ul caster's ."af^uard, 15-S; D. J. Healej-«
I*-<3y Cl&irt beat RumpII & All^n'g Faithful
I-fctl. W-10: T. J. Cronlne Vixen boat R, E de
B. Lnr*M> Warriral. 6-3; Aeneid Kenneli"
Agamemnon btat H. Lynch's Krr.ma. M. 11-7;
Jjunes Sherkian'* Kore*t King tw.at H. L.ynch>
Lyddite,. 4-3: Curtis & Sons' Warpath beat El
Rurk»'» Night Time. 22-2; R. U Taylor's
Be&tity Spot beat A. Jchncon's Bald Eagl*.
«-l; .Captain Clarkson'n Headwater beat J.
Keenan'F Lady S*ars. 10-T; Curtis & Bma < ash
l-**t Pasha Kennel*' May Heini*iea<J. 7-3; Cur
tic & Pour W Eagle beat J. Kwian'« Lunflln
L'.r.ka. lb-ii Fas ha Kennelu' Ben's Babe beat
I'afha KennelF' Ren Assured, l-f'; Ru«sell &
Allege Bei!e Claire beat E. M. Kellcsjj's Kid
ileCojr. 10-«; J. Dean'p sirquoc a bye; K. Jones'
W «3eewe6<J h*at J. Oane's Mijw Penman, 4-0;
Rutrerll ¦& Alien'* Castaway beat E. M. Kel
lrsrsr> Sweet Eir.na, 6-1: E. M. K«Ilocr« Iowa
fcny -b»at T. J. Cronin'B Wild Tralee, 4-2:
Pasha Kennels' Reman Athlete beat J. Ken
nedy's Ever Sure. 6-4; T. J. -Crotiin's Vandil
b*.at George Sharman's Bowery Boy. 4-0; C
B*.har** Wiia Norah beat E. na.umei'ste/r's Loa
AT.pelM, 9-«; F. A. McComb'f Little Sirter beat
RE. de B. I>-,pez'ti Diablo, 30-4: Geonre Shar
iR'an't Chicago Boy beat P. J. Reilly'a Honesty.
12-4; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl beat P. Doyle's
L'Jwratcwv SS-13; F. Jones' Tom Hurllclt beat
i.usscll. & AJlen'e First Foot. 12-10; P. Jack-
Sin'* Honor Bright beat-Curtis & Sons' Nar
cImus, «-l; Pa*ha Kenntls' Royal Ann« beat
T Tierpey-B Lucretia Borgia. 25-11: Pasha Ken
re !•'• Firm Friend beat Sterl & Knowlea 1 For
Glory. 8-€;Lu.F. BarteU' Best Bargain beat
RaPBeil * Allan's Weddins; Bells. 5-2.
Third rewind— G&Jlant a bye; Lady Claire beat
Vixen. 11-9; Form King beat Agamemnon, 7-4;
Beauty Spot a bye: Cash a bye: Belle Claire
• a bye: Sisquoc beat R/»*t Arsured. S-2; Wedge
•wood b#ot Iowa Boy. I+-16: Roman Athlete
h-M CifUwty, «-4; Vandal b<rat Wild Norah.
¦6-3; -Little Sleter b*-a.t Chicago Boy. 5-1; Pleas-
Rr.t Girl beat First Foot. 14-«; Honor Bright
:beat Royal Anne, 5-4; B*«t Bargain beat Firm
Friend. 7-1.
¦ Fourth round— L«dy Claire beet Gallant. 8-2;
Forest K'r.tr beat Beauty Spot. 10-3; Cach beat
Belle Claire. 10-5; Wedgewood beat Sisquoc,
6-1; Roman Athlete beat Vandal. 5-J; Little
Fitter beat Pleasant Girl. 12-0; Honor Bright
bea.t Best Bargain. %-',.
riith round -Forest K!mr beat Lady Claire.
lt-4; Wedjrewood be«tt Ca*h. 5-0; Little Eister
. beat ' Rotr.axi Atblete, S-l; Honor Bright a bye.
Blith round— Wedrewood beat Forest King;,
11-5; LSttle Bliter beat Honor Brirht, 3-2.
Deciding courM— Little Eister beat Weiige
wood. 5-4.
' Xittla. Sister Won the open *take at
tJnjon Park yesterday. In a determined
¦ effort , to capture the game the daughter of
Einia Pasha executed a clever trick at the
of Wedgewood. her opponent in
. rhe deciding course, and turned what
Ve^Mfed trievj table defeat into a great vic
v'ia#y.'";:V ...¦'• • ¦ . ¦
V- Jtoth caurs^rs :had done pood work all
ifiay. The taJfent favored Wedgewood. how
<evefy snid niade him a 2 to 1 choice at slip
limp.. '.JoneS' dog showed the speed In the
.T : uf:>rup- to -a sood hare and held a good
lek<i, ... Working the game closely, he out
jioihted Sister and was about to finish the
t-oufpe bf a drive, in which he Just nipped
tbe'-toxk for tho pick-up. The talent got
ready :io cash, feeling that It was all over
l>ut : :th<* : shouting when Sister drove full
force (mo VVVdgewood. toppling him over
aii<3 virtually knocking the hare from his
mouth. The upset bewildered the dcg.
and before he could collect himself Sister
bad put. an ezui to the day's sport, with a
jKiir.t to spare.
The programme was replete with long
courses.- and many of the hounds had to
'r>e. withdrawn. -on account of the severe
wnrlc. ¦
. W-edgf'Wood beat Miss Penman pointless
in the second round and followed by out
pointing Iowa Boy 24 to 15. He came back
strong after this hard run. took the de
cteion. from Sisquoc in the fourth and de
r.:ed Cash the privilege of scoring in the
next. In the somi-final Forest King was
the. victim. Little Sister ran first to
Diablo, Chicago Boy, Pleasant Girl,
Iioman Athlete and Honor Bright in turn.
Narcissus, the hound on which the wise
ores had pinr,e<l theJr faith, was led and
t**ten.by Honor Bright. Curtis'- dog was
on the long end at 5 to 1. Such things
hap;>en. occasionally in coursing.
Fifteen favorites were beaten In the
stake. Jn the opening course Floodgate
Jed Gallant well, lo'.tered in a long run
«nd lost, to the joy of the pikers. Flood
rate was 10 to 1 on. Wild Tralee went un
c»»r to Iowa Roy and For Glory lost to
Firm Friend at 4 to 1. The others aver
aged at 2 to L
James Dean* youngster Warco showed
that the game is to his liking. Just break
ing into the ranks, in his previous work
he has not seemed to know what was ex
pected of him. In yesterday's stake he
had a chance to ppread himself, and he re
epor-ded in great shape. He ran two byes,
'each against a kennel mate. Sisquoc beat
him appint in a hard go in tho second
round, but in the next Warco made good
his defeat by raining a one-sided victory
from Gallant. Warco will be heard from
before long-.
Following ar» the results by rounds,
with the official scores of Judge John
Grace:
Takes Victory From Wedge
. wood When Defeat Seems
¦/-;:- Inevitable.
• .:¦ "¦ '¦ ¦-. .'¦•¦.. -> — ?
JTarcisEUSj the Pavorite, Is Beaten in
:'¦. • :: ; the •: Second Bound — Hounds
• ;: . . Bun Some Hard
¦'! .;:': . •. .:. Courses.
LITTLE SISTER
A WINS THE STAKE
Tfce first games of the handball tourna
ment arranged by the Olympic Club were
played in the big court yesterday. T':#
first round was practically played off,
leaving a bye, drawn by Sullivan of the
Olympic Club, to be played to-night.
There were seven entries, only one of
which was from the Olvmi>ic Club —
Charles Suilivan. The others were ama
teur players who have been playing in the
various courts of the c»ty and unattached
to any club. All, however, are well known
handball players.
The ru:es of the tournament require
that every player snail play with every
other player, the winner of the greatest
number of games to be declarcu the win
ner of the tournament. The games are for
the first two out of a possible three.
The tirs»t game of the afternoon was be
tween Maguire and Curley, both strong
players. Magulre outclassed his man and
beat him In two straight games by 21 to
11 and 21 to 13.
The second game was between Lenihan
and Harlow. Lenihan was new to the
Olympic court, but he found no difficulty
in beating Harlow by 11 to 11 and 21 to ii.
Harlow showed lack of Judgment in plao
lng. Time after time he sent the ball rigl.t
into Lenihan's hand i».nd he himself waa
in a great many instances responsible for
LenJhan's kills*
The game of the afternoon was between
White and Collins. White is considered
one of the coming players of the city and
Collins is close behind him in rank. Col
lins is a heavier man and plays a stronger
game, which accounted for his wlnaitig
yesterday. White did not play his game
or he would have won, for he plays with
rare judgment and precision. It took three
games to decide, the scores being White—
18, 21 and 19; Collins— 21. 15 and 21. In the
last game White picked up and played
more nearly to his urm. It took four
hands to raise Collins from 19 to 21 and
a winning.
The tournament will go on to-night,
commencing 1 at 8 o'clock.
guire and Harlow to Lenihan.
More Games for, To-
White Loses to Collins, Curley to Ma-
Night
First of the Tournament
Games Played Off
Yesterday.
GOOD HANDBALL
AT OLYMPIC CLUB
BASEBALL GAMES IN THIS CITY
AND SACRAMENTO END SEASON
MARKSMEN HOLD
RETURN MUTCH
Henderson and Schuster
Turn Tables on Mason
and Bendel.
Members of Companies I/, D and H,
N. G. C., Participate in Third
Series of State Shoot at
Shell Mound.
The most interesting event at the Shell
Mound ranges yesterday was the return
match for the one shot on election day
between C. M. Henderson and F. P. Schus
ter on one side and Louis Bendel and F.
E. Mason on the other. It was an Indi
vidual championship shoot with rifle at
200 yards, 100 shots each, for a trophy and
banquet, the losers to pay all expenses.
On election day Bendel and Mason won
by the narrow margin of four points.
Yesterday Henderson and Schuster re
turned the compliment by beating their
former conquerors by forty-four points.
The scores for each ten shots were: C. M.
Henderson— 223. 212, 226. 213. 216. 216, 218, 209.
226. 202; total, 2166. F. P. Schuster— 218. 207.
213. 220, 210, 221. 200. 20S, 208. 225; total. 2139;
grand total for team, 4303.
F. E. Majson-216. 208, 222, 226, 228, 222, 221,
217, 220, 220; total, 2200. Louis Bendel— 211,
196, 205. 200, 212, 187. 216. 204, 210, 220; total,
2061; grand total for team. 4261.
The third series of the annual State
shoot of the National Guard of California
was participated in by members of Com
panies L, D and H, First Infantry Regi
ment, under the supervision of Lieutenant
TV. H. Tobin, inspector of rifle practice.
The scores of the day follow:
Monday Handicap Among
the Events to Be Run
at Oakland.
SELECT FIELDS
REOPENING DAY
Fast Sprinter Gibraltar Carded to Go.
Reinstatement Will Be
Asked for Bull
man.
For the next two weeks racing will have
full swing at the track across the bay.
Tanforan Park closed on Saturday after
a session of sport far above the average,
notwithstanding some unjust criticisms of
Racing Secretary Tozer's work, and the
card furnished at Oakland this afternoon
has a decidedly catchy look, indicative of
more good things In store. The different
events are all well filled, with the Mon
day handicap as the feature.
The attention of horsemen is called to
the fact that the Antrim stock farm year
lings will be sold at the Occidental Horse
Exchange this evening. Manv excellent
performers on the turf were bred at this
establishment, and the youngsters to be
disposed of to-night are said to be espe
cially "good lookers."
An effort will be made to Induce the
Oakland officials to shorten the term of
suspension existing against Bullman. In
view of the fact that all circumstances
point to the fact that Coburn was also at
fault, It looks like a circumstance where
leniency might be shown.
Following are to-day's entries:
(Copyrighted. 1S00. by F. W. Leavltt. All rights
reserved.)
First race— One mile; three-year-old* and up:
1372 Imp. Mistral ILltt*; 1423 John A. Morris. 114
1319 Pin* 1041 1411 Specific ..'. 105
13S0 Silver Ton© Ill 1338 Expedient 97
1329 Headwater ....109 1323 Snips 1PJ
1415 Wax lOal 1338 Perseus V*l
1352 Loconomo lu-t 137S Lomond 10O
1388 Anjou 105
Second race — Seven furlongs: thr««-ye*r-olds
and op; selling:
1418 Edgardo 104 1401 Oar Lizzie 197
1408 Oltnthas Ill 1350 Pat Moniisey.105
1345 Dunblane .A. ..109 .... Rlnaldo ..M?
Wolhurst Ill 1409 Osmond 107
a424)Mitten 103 1417 El Mido 107
1391 Imperious 10? 1406 Herculean 104
Third race— Six furlongs; two-year-okU; sell
ing:
1403 Sc'nwell Lake..lC3i 12S4 Done* »*
The Elk 103 1113 Loneliness 103
1413 Bernota 103 1420 Picklow 9S
1289 Sp'cial ReservclOS! 1349 Ben Magen 1C«
1395 Dangerfleld ....112 1403 Galanthus 103
Fourth race— Mile and a sixteenth: all ages;
Monday Handicap:
1411 Bangor 11« 1421 Diderot M
1415 Vulcaln 114 1351 Malay 103
Florizar 112 1423 Wooster Boy.. .115
13S7 Former© 10* 1340 Goidone 35
1421 Tyr ¦. 93
Fifth race— Six furlongs; threa-y ear-olds and
up; selling:
Vohlcer 99f 1J7J Asian 110
Gibraltar 110! 13S2 Ordnung 97
1263 Hermoso 115: Prestldlg'tor .. 92
1335 Pomplno 107 1404 Pupil ».•
1S3.1 St. Cuthbert....lO3i 1330 Daniel 92
1157 Theory 103' 1406 Boundlee. J4
1337 Miss Kowena.-.l.XJ
Sixth race— Six furlongs; maiden four-year
olds and up:
123S Ulloa 104 4S4 Del Rio 104
1373 Louise Hooker. 104 1423 Dtaaora 104
1342 DtUa Connors.. VH 1425 Onyx 11>
1234 Senator Ma,tts..U» Racine Murphy.104
Probable Winners.
First race— John A. Morris, Headwater. Spe
cific.
Second race— Dunblane, Pat Morrissey. OHn
thus.
Third race— Danger-field, Galasthas, Screen
well Lake.
- Fourth race— Tyr, Florlzar, Bamror.
Fifth race— Gibraltar, St. Cuthbert. Ordnuns.
Sixth race— Del Rio, Raclns> Murphy, Onyx.
Company D, First Regiment N. G. C., month
ly rifle class and medal shoot. 200 yards — J. M.
Davis IS, A. Worthing 27, M. Letts 10. Captain
Charles White 41. Musician W. H. Fisher 23,
L. M. Isaacs 13, N. J. Malville 15, J. E.
Hnghes 10. A. Galvln IS, T. J. Galvln 13, F. J.
Dever 17, J. Robinson 35, William Kodder 1L
William Pitt Jr. 27. L. H. Anthes 17, Ser
genat Staples 36. A. A. Berg 19.
The finest score of the day was made by
Quartermaster Sergeant J. C. Klesow of
Company L, First Infantry Regiment, X.
G. C, who won the company medal by a
score of 44. The other scores are:
Lieutenant H. Curson, 40; Lieutenant A.
Adler, 43: Quartermaster Sergeant J. C. Klesow
44; Corporal E. Sengstack. 33: Corporal H. G.
Slndt, 42; Corporal H. Louis 33; Private John
ston, 39; Private V. Branch. 15; Private Dough
erty. 27: Private McCarthy, 36; Private C.
Darby, 40; Private L. Rey. 80; Private M
Cans. 34; Private A. R. Phillips. 82: Private
C. J. Wehr. 33; Private W. W. Schwab. 22-
Private W. B. Porter, 33; Private W. H A
Veil. 81; Private Joseph Murphy. »2.
Company A. Fifth Regiment, N. G. C.
monthly shoot— E. Oilman. 24; A, K. 8. Thelln.
38; C Smith. 39; Oorporal de Poy. 31: M. Gray.
32; C. Juniper, 36: Lieutenant Downie, 44; A.
R. Thelin, 43; G. Lancaster, 37; Corporal Poul
ter. 36; T. Beckwith. SS; Sergeant Tait, 40; M.
Francis, 37; A. Soderstand. 39; R. Orton, 24;
Captain Hunt, 42; P. R. Herman, 26.
Independent Rifles' monthly medal shoot — J.
K. Kuhlke. *>: H. Gaetjen Jr.. 10; C. Granz.
34; H. Ftfllx, 26; H. F. Reinhardt, 23; R. Blther.
The sharpshooter section of the Deutsch
er Krieger Verein held Its monthly medal
shoot and scored as follows:
First champion rlass— Charles "Wereemann,
369; Oscar Dammer, 374; first class— John Ben
der, 359: second class— X. SUberzahn, 307; third
class— Charles Meyer, 231: fourth class-— John
Langers, 243: most centers— Oscar Dammer;
best first shot — Oscar Dammer, 13; best last
sbot— Oscar Dammer, 2L
COLUMBIA BULEMEN
IN REGULAR SHOOT
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
Its regular shoot yesterday on the Har
bor View ranges. Captain F. Kuhlne led
with the 22-caliber rifle. A. H. Pape wltn
the fine rifle and F. D. Young with the
military rifle, pistol and revolver^ Scores:
Columbia target, rifle, class medals:. Experts
—i\ O. Young-. SO. Sharpshooters — O. M. Bar
ley, 12a Marksmen— O. W. Hoadley. SS; Mrs.
Waltham, 113; back score, 1M.
Pistol class medals— F. O. Tounf. U; O. M.
Barley. 74. Marksmen— Mrs. C. Y. Waltn*....
74: K. A. Allen. 113.
Re-entry matches, rl£» — A. H. Pape EX -V»;
F. O> Toung, «3; O. Manr.el, «7. 63, 7«, 7*. 74.
77. 78.
Military rifle, Cre»dmoor count— F. O. Tour?.
43, 47. 47. 46.
Twist revolver medal— V. O. Tonne. 41 61.
61. 62. 67; C. M. Daiss. 60, SI. 52, 63. 5*. 68/
Pistol— F. O. Ti>Tin*. 41; O. W. Hoadlay. 43.
65, 89; G. M. Barley, 59. 68; Dr. J. F. Twist.
54 57. 82. 66, «3, 74. 75: P. Becker. W. # «
Twenty-two and 25 caliber rifle medals—Cao
tain Fred Kuhnle. 17. 20. 22. 23. 29, XI. n: Vr.
J. r. Twist. 13. 31: A. B. Dorrell. 10. 30. 22. 22.
22. 23. 23. 28: Mrs. C. F. Waltham, 22. K>; P.
Becker, 22. 25. In this match Dr. Twist took
the lead from Becker by t points for the best
10 scores.
Cadets Play Ball.
Two exciting games of baseball wer»
played by the teams from the League of
the Cross Cadets yesterday afternoon at
the Presidio athletic grounds.
Company D and Company C played the
first game at 12:30 o'clock, resulting In
favor of Company D by a score of 11 to 8
The second game was between Com«
pany N and Company I, N winning by a
score of 9 to 8.
Daughter of Thomas J. Duffy of San
Rafael May Be Disfigured "
for Life.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 2.-Torn and bleed
ing, her face and arms. gashed by' the
beak and talons of a wild chicken-hawk
little Ieda Duffy fell from a tree near her
home here to-day, carrying with her to
the ground the bird she had sought to re
capture. It is feared the child will be
disfigured for life.
Some days ago she was presented with
a captive hawk. A string was fastene.1
to its leg and It was then allowed the
privilege of a large tree. This morning;
while she was playing with the bird the
string gave way and the hawk hopped to
a higher limb. Thinking that it was go
ng to escape the little girl climbed the
tree and grabbed at the short cord at
tached to the hawk's leg. This caused the
hawk to attack her with great vicious
ness. The child Is the daughter of Thomas
J. Duffy of this city.
CHILD ATTACKED BY
CAPTIVE CHICKEN HAWK
ROBERT WHITNEY AND
DB. LANE IN FINALS
Singles Handicap Tournament at
California Tennis Club Is
Unfinished.
The California Tennis Club held an
other single handicap tournament yes
terday on Its courts. There were four
teen entires, and many of the matches
were close and exciting, and several sur
prises occurred. The tournament has
only two men left to compete in the finals
—Robert Whitney and Dr. Lane. They
will plav off their match next Sunday.
H. W. Crowell gave Worthtngton $0.
and won in straight sets, 6-3. 6-4. Dr. Lane
received 4-16 of 15 from Paul Jones, and
defeated him, 2-6, 6-1, 6-4. John O'Brien
gave Charles Kuehn H-30, and beat him,
7-5, 6-3.
Grant Smith gave Richard Erskine half
30 and defeated him in" a good contest
6-4. 6-4. Robert "Whitney save Ray Cor
nell half 30, and beat him, 4-6, 6-0, 6-1
M. Johnson gave J. A. Code ami
beat him, 7-5. 2-6, 7-5.
In the next round Collier and Crowell
were on even terms, and Collier, after a
hard fight, won out. 7-5. 5-7. 6-3. Dr. Lane
received 4-6 of 15 from O'Brien, and won
6-2, 6-2. The next match, the best of the
day. was between Robert Whitney and
G. Smith. Smith received U-15. Whitney
won the first set. 6-1; Smith the second
9-11, and Whitney the third. 6-4. Johnson
beat Painter by default.
In the semi-finals Collier gave Dr. Lane
30, and received a severe defeat, Lano
winning. 6-2. G-2. Johnson defaulted to
Robert Whitney. This left Dr. Lane and
"Whitney in the finals, which were post
poned on account of darkness.
Marysville "Wins the Pennant.
MARTSVILLE, Dec. 2.-In the Northern
California League baseball came played
to-day in this city MarysvtHe defeated
Orovllle by the score of 11 to 3. Marvs
vllle secures the pennant. Colusa refusing
to continue the series. Batteries— Eager
and Thomas, McCabe and Farrell
lumbermen May Lose.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 2.— Lumbering
operations in Minnesota are practically at
a standstill on account of the warm
weather, and unless there is a change at
once lumbermen will be heavy losers this
winter. None of the swamps are frozen
over as yet. Loggers are being paid tha
highest wages In years.!
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Sarv«r—
Times and Heights of Hlga and Low
vyaten at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
AOTE— The high and low watera occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty.
five minutes later than at Fort Point; U>«
height of tide Is the nm« at both places.
v COOS BAT— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr 8outh Coat.t,
hence Nov 29.
Sailed Dee 2— Schr "Western Home, for San
Franclnco. ¦ . ...
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Dec 2— Ship
star of France, hence Nov 13 for Puget Sound;
ehlp Charles E Moody from Honolulu.
Arrived Dec 2— Br ships Torrisdale and Dur
ham, from Nagasaki : bark Dominion, from
Honolulu; Br; stmr' Glenshlel, from Kobe; Br
strm Ktntuck. from 'Manila.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 2— Ship Star of
France, hence Nov IS; echr H D Bendlxen, from
Honolulu. ¦ ¦¦ . .- —
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec . 2-Br ship Andreta,
from Yokohama; Ger bark Alsterufer, from
Yokohama.
Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Fulton, from Portland for
San Francisco.
German ship Gertrude reported outside leak
ing; sailed Nov 27. <
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr La Gas
cotme, from Havre ¦ ¦<- -r. ;..-¦•¦
Bailed Dec 2— Stmr Astoria, for Glasgow, via
McvUle; stmr Philadelphia, for Liverpool; stmr
Bolivia, for Palmero, Marseilles, etc.
K1NSALE— Passed Dec 2— Stmr Cambroman.
from Liverpool, for Halifax.
QUp:SSTOWN- Arrived Dee 8— Btmr Wan
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool,' and
proceeded. Sailed— Btmr Lucanl, from Liver
pool, for New York. >
ANTWERP— Arrived Deo. 2— Stmr Western
land, from. New York. - • .
Steamer movements.
him on the head with a broom, shied cups
and saucers at him, some of which hit
him and some of which did not, chased
him with a carving knife and pulled some
of his father's whiskers out by the roots,
Attorney Frank B. Josephs Vesterda/
applied to the Superior Court for a di
vorce. He avers that his wife did all
these things and many more which it re
quires half a dozen closely written pages
to enumerate.
For more than four years Josephs was
clerk of the police department of the
city of Oakland. He came to this city
recently and opened a law office on a
prominent street. Yesterday his. wife
caused to be sent up from Oakland a
complaint charging him with having de
serted her and their children. Josephs
Sacramento Attorney Alleges That
He Was Made the Target for
Clocks and China-ware.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 2.— Because his
wife threw an alarm clock at him, struck
ACCUSES HIS WlJb'B .
OF j CRUEL TREATMENT
"What man has done woman wants to do.
WOODLAND, Dec. 2.— W. W. Nelson,
Democrat, who on the face of the returns
\cas defeated for Supervisor by four votes
at the last election, has filed a contest
against T. J. "Vaughn, who received the
certificate of election, alleging irregulari
ties in every precinct and also "that the
election in West Woodland precinct was
invalid. •
"Will Institute a Contest.
gave bonds for his appearance and this
afternoon, through hfs counsel, brought
suitj for a separation. He says that he
left Mrs. Josephs about three years ago
and up to within a few months past con
tributed to her support. He claims that
she has now on deposit in the Oakland
Bank of Savings $1000 which he gave her
last June and that at the same time he
transferred to her for the support of the
children property worth about $2500.
Josephs Is a large man. apparently
weighing more than 250 pounds, and looks
as if he might hold his own in a contest
with a woman armed with a broom or an
alarm clock.
MONDAY. DECEMBER 1
TO SAIL.
NOTE— In th« abovt exposition of the- tide*
the early morning tides axe given In the Uft
hand column and the successive tides of ta»
day in the order of occurrence aa to time of
day. th« third time column the, third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given ar« In addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, escape
when a minus alga ( — ) precedes the height, and '
then the number given la subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low watera.
t-|— s^OTJR disgruntled stowaways came
¦jl ¦¦¦•J! in from sea on th*> pilot boat
r™^ America yesterday. They escaped
J| '. '' "¦ the men who searched the United
¦: '.'¦. Seates transport Meade before she
went out Saturday at noon and had it not
been that one of the youngsters poked his
head out of his place of concealment in
order to get a mouthful of fresh air they
would all now be on their way to Manila.
Tfce four lads are P. Jackson, a negro,
who wants to join his brother in the Phil
ippines: Sam Peterson, who says he is a
rivetter employed at the Lnion Iron
\Vorks and was carried away by mistake,
and Tom- Jones and Harry Lyons, two
Chicago hoodlums, who have been to Ma
nila as stowaways and were sent home by
General MacArthur.
• The two first named are decent. re#pect
.able boys and. well dressed, but the two
latter ere" as "tough as they make them."
Neither ore had bad a bath for a month,
frcm all appearances. On the pilot boat
they were taken in charge of Captains
Kortz and licCullough. Jackton and Pet
erson behaved themselves, but Jones and
Lyons at once begran prying into lockers
und opening closets sacred to the pilots
end committing various depredations that
tiiade Captain McCullough bring them on
cLr^cli:; where be could Keep hii eye on
them.
• All the youngsters fared royally on the
pilot beat and when landed at Me! pea
wharf Captain McCullough "dug down"
end gave ihe two "tough urchins {1 with
which to pet a square meal. Last time
"Mac" brought in a batch of stowaways
»»• tad no small change and gave them
Sua rises 7:©S
8un sets 4:$1
Moon seta »:51 a. m.
SAILED.
Sunday, December 3.
Br stmr Warfleld. Pattle, Chemalnus.
Stmr Rainier. Ilansen, Seattle.
fitmr Alcatraz, Carlson.'
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria. ¦
U 8 stmr Meade, - Wilson. Manila, via Hono
lulu and Guam.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Johnson, .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego. •
Strnr. Eureka. . Jessen. Eureka.
Dark Amy Turner, Warland. Hllo.
Bark Roderick Dhu. Johnson, Hllo.
Bark Katulani, Dabel, Honolulu.
Schr William Renton, Jensen, New Whatcom.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jensen.
»Schr A B Johnson.' Segelhorst, Grays Harbor.
Schr Kalph J. , Long, . Islgkelt, Sluslaw River.
•¦.-.-• TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 2 (10 p. m.)— "Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ; :l^!-
FORT BRAOO— Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Noyo,' for
San Francisco. ¦ ¦" ¦ . - i -..-'>
EUREKA-tArrlved Dec »— Stmrs North Pork
anfl Iaqua, hence Dec 1. '
Balled Dec 2-Schr J Q. Wall for San .Fran
cisco. ¦ • -:. .- -. --.::¦ ;y. ¦ ... . / .-.•¦¦
PORT LO8 ANOEL.BS— Arrived Dec J— Nor
stmr Tltar.la, from Kanilmo..'/ ••¦.«-
Bailed Dec 1— Br ship Lucipara,- for Portland;
schr F S Redfleld for Port Townaend.
Eureka; bound south, put in to land passengers.
• Bark Beese Alden. Potter, 25 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Nettle Sundborg", Larsen, 28 hours from
Bowens Landlnc.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wettel, 16 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Helene, Chrlstensen, 17 days from Hono
lulu. .
¦ Schr Mary C, Campbell. » hours from Fort
Roes.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, December 2.
Stznr Alex" Duncan. Guthrle, 30 hours: from
Moes Landing.
Etmr Bonita, Nopander, 74 hours from New
port and way Dorts. • ;"- --S
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 44 hours from ¦ Pan
Diego and way port*.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Johnson, 24 hours from
Shipping Intelligence.
was within 200 miles of San Francisco and
could make no headway.
The steamer Bonita came in from south
ern ports during the afternoon and Cap
tain Kicholson reports that, when off Half
moon Bay he saw a ship close Inshore,
fche was about two miles from the beach
and wls heading off. As it .was blowing
twenty-two miles an hour from the north
east at 5 p. m., the chances are that the
vessel made agood offing.
Captain W. G. Leale of the Caroline tells
a good story on his tailor over the 'phone.
The gallant Pilot Commissioner has been
laid up for a fortnight with pneumonia,
and yesterday was just able to get out of
his armchair to answer the telephone.
"I'm getting better," said ho, "but I've
a great Joke on my tailor. The day before
I was taken eick I was measured for a
new suit. Twice he has sent me word to
come and try It on. Now since I have
been sick I have lost between twenty and
thirty pounds In weight and my waist is
like a lady's. About Wednesday I'm go
ing to try that suit on and If that tailor
doesn't drop dead I'm a Dutchman. Good
by. I'll tell you the result when I see
you Wednesday." ¦ . •
Water Front Notes.
The bark Alden Besse arrived from the
Islands yesterday after a long run. Cap
tain Potter reports that for six days i he
Entire Crew Deserts Her at Last
Moment.
There was more trouble on the Ameri
can bark Kalulanl yesterday. Captain
Dabel promptly settled the matter, how
ever, and about 3 o'clock in the afternoon
she was once more on her way to Hawaii.
The Kaiulanl sailed the latter part of the
week for Honolulu, but on account of be
ing topheavy had to put back. Her deck
load of Iron ana bricks was transferred
to the barkentine Irmgard and early yes
terday morning the vessel was ready to
fall. Then the crew went on strike and
three of them assaulted the mate. The
latter used a belaying pin with great ef
fect and the three men saw 6tars. When
Captain Dabcl came alon? and heard the
crew say they would no so to sea on the
ship he told them to pack up and go
ashore. Then he went to the Sailors'
Home and In an hour had a new crew
aboard the Bhlp. The old crew decided
to go out or else to get pay for the few
days* work they had done. The police
were called In and Captain Dunleavy's
men soon cleared the vessel.
BABE KAIULANI SA3XS.
a gold-piece. Jones and Lyons both as
sert that they will get away for Manila
on the next steamer.
FOUR STOWAWAYS FROM TRANSPORT MEADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1900.
SPORT OFFERINGS OF A SUNDAY
6
I Yards.
NAMES. I
I 200. I 300. I 500
NAMES.
Compai.y L—
L. M. Rey 23 6 19
A. R. Phillips 17 6 4
M. Gans 17 17 3
H. G. Stindt 16 19 0
W. Johnston 21 16 10
H. Dougherty 18 11 4
B. Branch 20 13 11
W. B. Porter IS 20 19
Charles E. Darby 20 17 6
W. W. Schwab 10 10 3
W. A. Louts 10 14 12
W. H. Voll 14 1 16
J. F. Murphy 8 .. 9
Company H—
Lieutenant L. 1 P. Quedet 21 20 12
G. Irelan 4 7 2
Lieutenant T. P. O'Brien 20 18 11
Company D—
T. J. Galvin 3 2 0
A. Worthing 13 19 7
F. J. Dever 9 0 3
Arthur Galvin 13 2 12
F. M. Randall 0 0 0
J. H. Robinson IS 8 9
M. Letts 10 . 0 6
W. Nodder 4 S 3
W. Pitt Jr 15 13 5
W. H. Bean 2 5 0
Sergeant Staples ' 21 14 5
Captain Charles Whlto 19 19 6
J. M. Davis 14 5 0
W. H. Fisher 8 0 0
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Due.
Umatilla V..;...
[Victoria & Puget Bound
Dec. 3
victona Oyster Harbor Dec
Washtenaw .... Nanalmo Dea
South Portland Seattle " Dec"
Arcata .. Coot Bay - Dec."
Eureka Humboldt Dee
Mlneola Nanalmo \ " Dec"
Corona Newport " Dee'
Geo. W. Elder. Portland \\\\".' Dec"
Point Arena... Point Arena n«o"
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dee"
Mandalay ..... Coqullle Rlrer Dec"
Santa Rosa .,. San Diego Deo
v ty .£ l s d t Jan and Japan.:::::::: BE*
North Fork ... Humboldt..... V. Dec
Newburg Grays Harbor ." Dec"
Rival .....Kvillapa.. nee
City of Para... New York via. Pana'nia Deli
n£~ • •"••••-•/Hamburg' via. Callao... Deo.
City of Pueblal Victoria h Pu^t Sound Deo:
1
3
4
4
5
I
i
<
«
<
«
1
1
I
<
t
I
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails,
Pier.
Zealandla .. Honolulu Dee a j«m !
Samoa Humboldt..... Dec' 4 io£S
Australia .. Tahiti.. Deo 4 * Sm
Columbia ., Portland Dec! J; ,} ££
Bonlta Newport Dec. 4 " j Jr
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Dec. 4! J nm
Del Norte.. Portl'dAC.B: D« !' \
Queen San Diego Dec 5 • am
J. Klmball Seattle.*... Dec 6 5 SS
Mexico .... Mexico 5ec. 6
Arcata Coos Bay Dec «' mam 1
Nip.: Maru. China ftJapan t£c" « S
UmatlUa .. Vic & Pgt Sd Del 7 il SS
Curacao ... Mexico.? Dm ?: J JS
Corona .... Newport....... Dec 7 9 Zin
Clty^Sldn-ylN. Y.v.Pan. Dec^. 8.' 12 S
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena..\Dec. i 2 p £
Mnndalay .ICoqullle Rlr.. Dee. £
North ForkfHumboldt....; Dec. 10. »"»m
|Pter 7
iPler 2
Pier 7
Pier 24
PlerU
Pier •
Pier tt
Pier 11
Pier a
Pier T7
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 1
Pier a
Pier 3
V Time Time Time TImej
S Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W H Wj ¦ :- L. W H W
8... 1:46 S.S 8:12 «.» 1:09— «.5 10:01 «.«
4... 2:55 2.8 8:97 S.5 3:W — 0.9 11:00 4|
5... 3:» 29 9:« «-5 4:47-1.1 U:57 4 1
«... 4:14 3.1 10:« «.5 5:34 -1.1
n w l w h w i»-w "
T ... 0:« 4.7 5:04 S.2 11:12 9.4 «:20 — i.i
» ... 1:30 4.9 5:55 3.t 11:59 «.O 7:06 — fl a
» ... 1:19 8.0 «:51 ».2 13:48 4.6 7:OH)'|
I Yards.
NAMES. I
I 200. I 300. I 500
NAMES.
Compai.y L—
L. M. Rey 23 6 19
A. R. Phillips 17 6 4
M. Gans 17 17 3
H. G. Stindt 16 19 0
W. Johnston 21 16 10
H. Dougherty 18 11 4
B. Branch 20 13 11
W. B. Porter IS 20 19
Charles E. Darby 20 17 6
W. W. Schwab 10 10 3
W. A. Louts 10 14 12
W. H. Voll 14 1 16
J. F. Murphy 8 .. 9
Company H—
Lieutenant L. 1 P. Quedet 21 20 12
G. Irelan 4 7 2
Lieutenant T. P. O'Brien 20 18 11
Company D—
T. J. Galvin 3 2 0
A. Worthing 13 19 7
F. J. Dever 9 0 3
Arthur Galvin 13 2 12
F. M. Randall 0 0 0
J. H. Robinson IS 8 9
M. Letts 10 . 0 6
W. Nodder 4 S 3
W. Pitt Jr 15 13 5
W. H. Bean 2 5 0
Sergeant Staples ' 21 14 5
Captain Charles Whlto 19 19 6
J. M. Davis 14 5 0
W. H. Fisher 8 0 0
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Due.
Umatilla V..;...
[Victoria & Puget Bound
Dec. 3
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails,
Pier.
Zealandla .. Honolulu Dee a j«m !
Samoa Humboldt..... Dec' 4 io£S
Australia .. Tahiti.. Deo 4 * Sm
Columbia ., Portland Dec! J; ,} ££
Bonlta Newport Dec. 4 " j Jr
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Dec. 4! J nm
Del Norte.. Portl'dAC.B: D« !' \
Queen San Diego Dec 5 • am
J. Klmball Seattle.*... Dec 6 5 SS
Mexico .... Mexico 5ec. 6
Arcata Coos Bay Dec «' mam 1
Nip.: Maru. China ftJapan t£c" « S
UmatlUa .. Vic & Pgt Sd Del 7 il SS
Curacao ... Mexico.? Dm ?: J JS
Corona .... Newport....... Dec 7 9 Zin
Clty^Sldn-ylN. Y.v.Pan. Dec^. 8.' 12 S
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena..\Dec. i 2 p £
Mnndalay .ICoqullle Rlr.. Dee. £
North ForkfHumboldt....; Dec. 10. »"»m
|Pter 7
iPler 2
Pier 7
Pier 24
PlerU
Pier •
Pier tt
Pier 11
Pier a
Pier T7
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 1
Pier a
Pier 3
V Time Time Time TImej
S Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W H Wj ¦ :- L. W H W
8... 1:46 S.S 8:12 «.» 1:09— «.5 10:01 «.«
4... 2:55 2.8 8:97 S.5 3:W — 0.9 11:00 4|
5... 3:» 29 9:« «-5 4:47-1.1 U:57 4 1
«... 4:14 3.1 10:« «.5 5:34 -1.1
n w l w h w i»-w "
T ... 0:« 4.7 5:04 S.2 11:12 9.4 «:20 — i.i
» ... 1:30 4.9 5:55 3.t 11:59 «.O 7:06 — fl a
» ... 1:19 8.0 «:51 ».2 13:48 4.6 7:OH)'|
victona Oyster Harbor Dec
Washtenaw .... Nanalmo Dea
South Portland Seattle " Dec"
Arcata .. Coot Bay - Dec."
Eureka Humboldt Dee
Mlneola Nanalmo \ " Dec"
Corona Newport " Dee'
Geo. W. Elder. Portland \\\\".' Dec"
Point Arena... Point Arena n«o"
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dee"
Mandalay ..... Coqullle Rlrer Dec"
Santa Rosa .,. San Diego Deo
v ty .£ l s d t Jan and Japan.:::::::: BE*
North Fork ... Humboldt..... V. Dec
Newburg Grays Harbor ." Dec"
Rival .....Kvillapa.. nee
City of Para... New York via. Pana'nia Deli
n£~ • •"••••-•/Hamburg' via. Callao... Deo.
City of Pueblal Victoria h Pu^t Sound Deo:
1
3
4
4
5
I
i
<
«
<
«
1
1
I
<
t
ISudden Death of Solomon Harris.
overseer:. W. A. Canada, inside watchman; J.
y~ ''FtenbTir. out*lc> watchman; Jan*i N.
Block. trust«*e, • and James Irwin, organist.
Prosperity I.oct». A. O. \'. W., has elected:
J. A. Connelly, master workman; F. J. Klatzel,
f'rrrr.an; T. F. J. Murphy, overseer; Dr. A. L.
ftmjwm, ruide: W. E. PaJfreeman, Inside
wa.tr.hman' B D. Goodrich, outside watchman.
Franklin Lodge, a. O. V. VS.. bam elected: C. E.
Fheffer master workman: R. Isenbruck. fore
man; i. T. McMillan, overseer; Otto Klump.
*iiliie'; Oscar Hoffman, inside watchman; M. O.
Fhove, outsMe watchman; 81mon Hoffman,,
trustee. .
Magnolia l»dfre of the A. O. V. W. bas elect
*-<i:' M. H. Besson. ma*iter workman: F. T.
I'u'nran foreman: M, L.. Ptern, overseer: 8.
I**/*-* .'iftilne; H. Ratorky. inside watchman; J.
Ftarnpe outtifle watchman; J. M. Ellis, trustee,'
fani c. 6. Packard, organist.
Harmony Lodge, A. O. V. W.. ha* elected:
J '. i^jhdon. master workman; J. Worden. for*.
rrian; J.-Folry Jr.. o\-«-seer; George J. Gorrell,
.rulfie: J. Fi*her. tnelde watchman; P. J. Foley,
<Jtslae watchman; M. Brcnnerman, trustee.
workrn&n: J. E. Clifford, foreman; C. O"Brten,
Some of Those Elected to Preside
Over Local Fraternal
Societies.
A number of the local fraternal associa
tions have elected ofRcerc, who are to
eerve for the ensuing term:
Reflwood Circle No. 72 of the Women of
"Woodcraft has e!ect«»d Mrs. M. E. Schweinhard
nusrdtfcn neighbor: Mrs. A. E. Richardson, ad
viwr; Mr». Jennie P. Clark, secretary <re
etocteO; Mrs. E. F. Blanrv, banker (re-elect
rtft Mr». I>r. M. Mcliahon. marlclan: Mrs.
Huth R. Meadow*, attendant (i-e-eiected); Mrs.
K U. Johr.»on. Inside sentinel; Mm. L. A. Suel
f."*;n. nut« t 1<l^ »^ntln«»!; Mips M. fiharkey, cap
'.s'.n of th»- tuard: Mn». I. de L*ney. F. C Rui-
M li and Mrs. L. A. Derrick, manasrers for
'Sfchteen. twelve and elx month*, respectively.
':. Int^r Nb» Circle of the Companion! of the
J"T»Bt of America haa elected: P. H. Coyle,
ctiitft companion: Mary Errett. pub-chW: L.lz
x!# Slyer«, trfajrurer: Emma Harrington. P. O.
C. C. and M. E. O. W., financial secretary;
Metta Ra*mus*en. recordinf secretary; Cora
Mitchell, right guide; Alice Fa«en, left guide;
f.lrdie nradley, ln*id> guardian; Mamie Mc-
Grath. outside guardian; Mr». Raacmuesen.
?•¦,.<¦-«-, and Ore. Knorp and Hawkins, physl
<rlans.
: Cclty l»dce of the A. O. U. W. ha« elected
the -following named: Nat. Reise. master
OFFICERS CHOSEN FOB
THE EN-STJTira TEEM
BLOODLESS SHOOTING
AFFBAY IN A SALOON
John Thompson Tries to Kill Bar
keeper's Wife, but His Bullet
Goes Wide.
A shooting scrape in which four persons
were concerned and which nearly resulted
fatally for two of them took place in a
saloon at 408 Pacific street last night. John
Thompson, a laborer, fired a shot at the
bartender's wife, and then a woman ac
companying him, named Ella Langley,
seized the pistol and tried to Bhoot the
bartender, Joe Lopez, but she was quickly
disarmed.
Shortly before 10 o'clock Thompson and
the Langley woman entered the place and
after having a few drinks became involved
in a dispute with the bartender and his
wife. When Thompson suddenly drew his
revolver and shot at Mrs. Lopez he was
but two feet away, but as he pulled the
trigger a bystander caught his arm and
the bullet passed o\*er the woman's
Bhoulder. imbedding iteelf in the wall op
pofite.
Both Thompson and the Langley woman
were arrested and charged at the Hall of
Justice with assault with a deadly weapon
and exhibiting a deadly weapon in a
threatening manner, respectively.
COLLECTOR BTBATTON
ASSUMES HIS OFFICE
Says He "Will Not Make Any Change
in the Office at
Present.
Frederick S. Stratton. the newly ap
pointed Collector of Customs, entered upon
the duties of his oflice Saturday morning.
Accompanied by his wife he held a levee
for hclf an hour in the Collector's office,
during which the vcrious heads of depart
ments were presented to the Collector by
E B. Jerome, chief clerk. Simple greet
ings and handshakings constituted the.
ceremony, after which Collector Stratton
and Mrs. Stratton left the building, Sat
urday being a half holiday.
Collector Stratton said that he would
not make any changes at present Acting
Collector Stanley Jackson resumed his
duties downstairs as special deputy, and
John P. Jackson Jr remained at his desk
as confidential secretary.
Early Closing Movement.
The following petition, signed by <ho
leading wholesale millinery firms of this
city, will bring great J6y to their em
ployes:
We. the undersigned wholesale millinery
hrmres, acree to cIom? our respective places of
builnes* at I p. m. of Saturday afternoons,
commencinic J>cember 1, 1S0O, until Saturday,
February 2, 1901. Inclusive. We furthermore
acree to close our respective establishments as
a cpeciul feature of thin year from Saturday,
December the »d, until Wednesday morning,
December the 26th, and from Saturday after
noon, December the 29th, until Wednewlay
morning. January the 2d. 1801.
HOHN & NATHAN.
ROBERT L. TOPL.ITZ & CO..
BUTLEn-SCHUTZE CO..
ANDREW A. JACOB & CO.,
HENZ ft LANDT,
ML'L,L.ER-RAA8 CO..
ZOBEL, * BANNER.
Milliners Still Active.
At a meeting yesterday of the local
milliners a committee was appointed to
circulate copies of the early-closing
agreement among proprietors of millin
ery establishments. The committee is
composed of the following young ladles:
Miss LydJa E. Jager and Miss Rose Orata
of the Marvel. Miss Trueman and Miss
Harrison of the Globe, Miss Howe and
Mips .Everts of the Wonder, and Miss Mc-
Auliffe oi Lynch's. Copies of the agree
ment will be ready for the members of
the committee at the Globe millinery es
tablishment this afternoon, where they
may be procured for circulation.
ex-Soldier.
Frank Lennon of Vallejo called at the
Morgue yesterday morning with the ob
ject of seeing the body of the man who
committed puicide Monday In the Dewey
House by shooting himself. He thought
the man might be a friend of his. K.
"Walsh, who had been working recently In
the navy yard but had disappeared. He
said that the description of the man
which was published in the newspapers
corresponded with that of Walsh.
Lennon was told that the body had been
pent to the city undertaker, Joseph Ha
gan. 1707 Sacramento street, to be pre
pared for interment in the potter's field.
He called there, but was informed that
the body had been Interred Saturday. He
was asicd to t\i»H again to-day, when an
order might be obtained to exhume the
body for his Inspection.
Lennon is convinced that the body is
that of Walsh from the fact that the' de
scription of the three Spanish coins found
In his pockets were recognized by a lady
friend of Walsh in Vallejo.
Walsh went to Manila as a Foldler, and
after being paid off there started In busi
ness. When he returned he had $2500. but
instead of going into business here he got
a Job in the navy yard.
The Man Who Shot Himself in the
Dewey House May Be an
COMES FROM VALLEJO TO
IDENTIFY A SUICIDE
California Cat Club— Mrs. R. B. Beson. presi
dent; Mrs. Ivan Elchwald, vice president; Mrs
Ilawlinson. treasurer; Mrs. C. C. Taylor, sec
retary; C. C. Taylor, manager.
Central California Belgian Hare Club— F. E.
Mason, president: Henry Plttoefe, vice presi
dent: E. W. Bradley, secretary-treasurer; E.
G. Merwin, manager.
California Collie Club — J. A. Moroland, presi
dent; Dr. A. McChesney, vice president; Mrs
O. J. Altae. secretary-treasurer; Louie Haaf
superintendent; N. J. Stewart, manager.
American Runt Pigeon Club— Dr. C. M. Self
r<dge, president; J. A. Macdonald. vice presi
dent; O. H. Perry, secretary-treasurer; A. H.
Blow, superintendent.
Oakland Poultry Association— F. K. Mason,
president; F. A. Rowsell, vice president; L
N. Cobbledick, superintendent; C. G. Hinds
secretary; F. B. Van Nostrand. assistant sec
retary.
the dogs, Charles R. Harker the Belgian
hares. E. R. Truax the cats and H. F.
Whitman the runt pigeons.
The officers of the clubs associated in
this effort to outdo any previous effort
of the kind are the following:
first time at any bench show of tho St.
Bernard dog Roxy Savage Taylor Jr. He
is the offspring of the famous dog Tloxy
Savage Taylor and the prize bitch To
man, both the property of Hubert White.
Roxy Savage Taylor Jr. is now two
years and five months old and gives
promise of exceeding in many ways the
tine points of his aristocratic parents. He
bears a remarkable resemblance to the
father in his Immense head and slender
body. His color is light brlndle and he
weighs 140 pounds. Norman P. White of
587 Eighth street Is the owner.
The main building will house the
pigeons, cats, hares and Incubator ex
hibits. The poultry display will fill the
Harrison-street annex. The dogs will be
pm. in the Webster-street annex.
Cash prizes to the amount of $2000 are
offered by the associated clubs. Besides
these there are special prizes, consisting
principally of foodstuffs and parapher
nalia used for raising stock. Henry Ber
rar, R. J. Venn, J. R. Cory and F. A.
Rowsell will Judge the poultry; E. Davles
OAKLAND. Dec. 2, — The most am
bitious exhibit of well-bred birds
and four-legged animals ever un
dertaken on this coast will be the
one that is to be held in the Ex
position building beginning to-morrow
morning and running until Saturday, un
der the auspices of five fancier3' clubs.
Co-operating in the display are the Cali
fornia Cat Club, the California Collie
Club, the Oakland Poultry Association,
the American Runt Pigeon Club and the
Central California Belgian Hare Club.
"It will be double the size of the show
we gave last year," said Superintendent
L. N. Cobbledick of the poultry associa
tion. "Fully 90 per cent of the entries
are from fanciers outside the county.
They come from Washington, Oregon and
all over the slope. One entry comes from
New York. There will be 1300 chickens
in the show, while 1000 Is considered big."
An event in the show that will Interest
dog fanciers will be the exhibition for the
ROXY SAVAGE TAYLOR JR.. THE HANDSOME YOUNG ST. BERNARD DOg\ SON* OP A FAMOUS SIRE AND
DAME, WHO WILL. BE EXHIBITED FOR THE FIRST TIME AT THE BIG SHOW TO BE HELD IN OAK-
. ApsiPtant Adjutant General Bangham,
ho-haa n«t been well for some time, le
Ul th.e southern part of the State recuper
¦atir!*.
Th» delayed commissions for several of
f:r*r5 arr sMIl being held at Sacramento.
.. ;Ha<J there been a relnspectlon of some
f the rompanies in this city it Is very
likely that some of them would have been
foend very near the point of being classed
» - Inefficient. One of the«e. which, under
thf iaw. should not have shown up with
]>-ss than thirty-two rank and fife, fell
below the twenty-five mark.
The r**Hcv of ridding the State of the burden
c.f supporting weak companies to the exclusion
«C brttfr cr.e* j* a wi*e one and nhouM be pur
*'i*fi in th» future. The nalutary effect of dls
teaoaenti upon those other companies which
i"™ 1 • very near the point ot being pronounced
Inefficient, is very marked.
'--. In this State there is but one Inspection
a year, and for the occasion there is a
Flurrying arctir.d to get enough men to
rntke a.i-howlnjr so that there may be an
attractive paragraph in the inspector's* re-
X^rt. According to the report of the In
ppecter jrener&l of Massachusetts, a dif
ferent system prevails In that State. He
i-.otes that some weak companies were re
fficpticted find three of them disbanded. In
thi?. matter he says:
. If. the complaints that have been heard
durinr the recent inspection of the Sec
ond. Brigade are well founded, the field
officers are not culpable to the degree of
being too perfunctory, as eome of them
have not given any one a chance to say
fvn that about them.
It is apparent to this department that field
cfrWrs officially visiting company armories
do not do their »hole duty. Th» visit* are too
r>er?unctory- Comj>anle» have been fouDd In
had condition, which had long been ro, and
rh-mld have been reported by the visiting or
n<-eir. Colonels would do well to look to thin
and ft-t that their field officers <So the fluty
lor which they draw mileare.
The inspection developed in a marked
<lc\gr.ee, in both the Tim and the Fifth
Tiegiznents. the apparent lack of interest
on the part of the majors of the several
I attalions. . in connection with the com
l-iinses in the battalions. This has had a
j-erioun effect en the line officers, the non
ewmmifsioncd officers and on the men
themselves. A spirit of indifference seems
to permeate both organizations and it is
evident that as the Held otHcern are negli
g«nt. so the line officers become careless.
and as th* carelesFnehs of the line officers
is noted, the ncn-coms are affect ert, and as
tl.ese ehow a want cf zeal, fo do the men
In tho ranks. Company I at LJvermore
complained that since :ts organization laet
A-prll It has not been visited by the major
ot the battalion to which the company is
attached, and complaints of a similar
nnturt were heard from companies.
The attention of the superior officers will
be called to this matter with the possible
result that the delinquents will be read a
lecture that may result in betterment in
future. Possibly there may be a para
graph In the report of the inspector of the
trhor of one in that of Brigadier General
James L. Carter, inspector g-eneral of the
Massachusetts State Militia, filed on the
Cf last month. He eays:
The muster :»t Napa was not what was
expected, but at Livermore the company
made a good showing as to numerical
HxeAgth. As a whole, the inspection of
the fcitth Infantry showed that physically
the men in the different companies are
all very acceptable, and as to uniform
and adjustment of belts but very little
«.ould be discovered to Invite adverse crit
icism. There w;i*5. however, in a number
of companies evidence that there had been
a. lack of instruction in the drill tactics
and the manual of arms and that there is
room for improvement, which the officers
may be able to bring about by careful
f-iudy and by giving the men practice.
The drilling of tne companies by the non
commissioned officers was. as a rule. poor.
In the reorganization of the regiment a
number of new men were Introduced into
the ranks. The inspection demonstrated
that there is need of instruction by those
who are competent to impart it. The
imances of the several companies were
found to be tn excellent condition, the
companies having husbanded their funds
to enable them, in cape no special appro
priation is tnado for the purpose, to carry
cuUt tho orders lor target practice.
Vijor Margo. inspector of the Second
J>ngade, completed the work ot inspection
by. being with Company H of the Fifth
infantry, at Napa and* Livermore, ia?t
week.
Little by little the rules and regulations
of the Guard are being amended at supe
rior, headquarters. The latest has been an
amendment as to proceedings at court
mafuais. Under the o.d rule ihe judge ad
vocate was required to be present during
the deliberations after the case was sub
mitted to the <,fticers who were to pas*
in judgment upon the testimony present
'"• Tnis has been amended to conform
with the rule of the United States army,
which declares that the judge advocate
tnail not be present during such dellbcra-
Thss is the month in the year when
KteRTfcers of the different organizations of
the. National <_>uard are absolved from
.drill, consequently there will not he any
thing doliig in »he armories, but there 1p
a [promise of unusual work with the be
ginning oi the new year. Time will tell if
these promise* will be like NVw Year's
resolutions, as is paid In military par
lance, "fine for dre?s parade, but no good
in action."'
Need of Instruction in the Manual of
VAnns and in Drills Made Ap
parent—Delayed Com
'••>'.; ..-• missions.
Complaints Against Field
Officers Are Made by
Some Companies.
SECOND BRIGADE
IS INSPECTED
Taken From the Transport on the Mc-
Dowell and Landed at Presidio
Wharf.
The transport Thomas' load of sick and
convalescent soldiers was landed yester
day at the Presidio wharf and taken from
there to the general hospital. Fewer am
bulances were needed for these soldiers,
as most of them were able to walk.
On reaching the hospital the men were
formed in squads and examined prepara
tory to being resigned to the wards or
convalescent camp.
Out of the total number received 106
were found fit for discharge and these
were sent to the post, where In a few days
they will receive their finals and be dis
charged from the service. The others were
found in need of further treatment and
given quarters In the various wards of the
immense hospital.
There were only eighteen litter cases on
the Thomas, and they will probably re
cover.
The nine Insane were sent to the insane
ward, whence as soon as practicable they
will be removed to the Washington hos
pital.
Sergeant Walter H. Sanden, Eleventh
Cavalry, and Patrick Tafe. private. Xinth
Infantry, died yesterday at the hospital.
During the month of November there
were twenty-seven deaths at the hospltaL
Casket Draped in National .Colors
Placed on a Caisson and
Taken to Reserva
tion Chapel.
. m
The remains of Colonel Lis=cum, the hero
of TientHln, were removed from the Thom
as yesterday «fternonn and taken to the
Pr<>s=i<I!o to await transportation East.
Two troops of the Sixth Cavalry, under
command of Major Rucker. rode in from
the Pr^fidio to serve as an escort to the
remains of the gallant Foldler. The de
tachment drew up at the entrance to the
trans-port dock awaiting the appearance of
the ealps*on. drawn by eight coal black
horses, on which was the flag-draped
casket containing the remains. A carriage
In ¦w'hich rode the hero's widow and a few
friends followed the caisson.
The cortege wended its way along Mar
ket street to Van Ness avenue, thence to
the Presidio, and all along the route every
evidence of respect for the memory of the
gallant soldier ar.d of sympathy for the
bereaved wife was shown.
On reaching the Presidio entrance the
cavalcade proceeded to me chapel, where
the remains were placed awaiting further
Instructions from Washington
THOMAS' SOLDIER SICK
SENT TO THE HOSPITAL
Body of Colonel Liscum Is
Escorted by Cavalry
From Transport
HERO'S REMAINS
AT PRESIDIO
The bark Roderick Dhu got away for
Hllo yesterday with a full cargo and all
the passengers she could carry. Captain
Johnson and his ship are great favorites
with the traveling public and in conse
quence there are more passengers offer
ing' each trip than she can carry. Alex
Nicholson, the ship's ; carpenter, did not
go out on the vessel. His right hand got
caught in the donkey engine and his' right
thumb was taken off and also part of the
hand. H« was treated at th» Harbor Hos-
Roderick Dhu Sails.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 2.— When the con
gregation of St. Paul's Church went to
that place of worship to-day It found on
the closed doors signs giving warning of
danger. At a meeting of the vestry yes
terday, the announcement was made that
this church, which for many years has
been one of the most prominent In North
ern California, must at once be razed to
Its very foundation. Some years ago the
Immense steeple ' on the church was re
moved In order to relieve the building
from strain. Since that time, it appears
the foundation has gradually weakened'
and the storm of November 20 greatly
racked the structure. A.' Robertson fore
man of the engineering department of the
Southern Pacific Company and one of the
most competent builders In the State
made a thorough examination of the
church and returned a report condemning
it in unequivocal terms. B
Rev. C.L. Miel only recently obtained
the - entire freedom of the church ¦ from
debt. He Is greatly distressed over the
fate of the stately old edifice, but declares
that his congregation will put up a new
church which will be finer than the old
St. Paul's Church is - beautifully fur
nished and contains several magnificent
stained glass windows, one of them being
a ' memorial to : Creed Haymond and an
other to Leland Stanford Jr., the latter
having been presented some years ago by
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford.
SACRAMENTO CHURCH
CONDEMNED AS UNSAFE
High Water Causes Delay.
WOODLAND. Dec. \2.— Samuel Mont
gomery has been, eomnellcd ta ahanrinn
Policeman's Body Found.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2.— The body of Po
liceman Patrick McGlln was found float
in e In the East River to-day. McGlln,
who was regularly detailed to duty In the
House of the Good Shepherd, was last
seen at rollcall, at 6 o'clock this morning.
Mystery surrounds his death. McGlln had
been on the force about. twenty-flve years.
ASHLAND, Ky.. Dec. 2.— William Gib
son, charged with burning his two-year
old step-daughter to death with a poker,
has, according to a message from Rush,
Ky., been captured there by miners and is
being held for a reward. The miners say
they will not turn him over unless given
$1000. _^ x
Miners Capture a Murderer, but De
mand a Thousand Dollars.
fi f.t.t> FOR A REWARD.
day:
••The Czar passed a very good day yes
terday and slept very well last night. His
Majesty's condition this evening is very
patisfactory. His appetite is returning and
his strength gradually increasing. Last
evening his» temperature was 99.7 and hla
pulse 64. This morning the former was 97
and the latter 72."
COPENHAGEN, Dec. 2.— The Dowager
Czarina has started for Livadia.
Official Bulletin . States That He
Passed a Very Good Day and
Slept Well.
LIVADIA. European Russia, Dee. 2.—
The following bulletin regarding the con
dition of Emperor Nicholas was issued to-
CONDITION OF THE CZAR
IS VERY SATISFACTORY
Lines of the Traction Company May
Pass Into the Control of Bos
ton Syndicate.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— The Post to
morrow will say that a deal by which the
consolidated street railway properties of
the Washington Traction Company may
pass Into the control of the Boston Street
Railway syndicate, represented by Stone
&. Webster of that city, is under way. The
deal may be consummated Wednesday In
New York, when the bondholders of the
Washington company will meet the rep
resentatives of the Boston people and cap
italists interested In the matter, including
Jacob Firth, president of the Puget Sound
National Bank of Seattle, Wash., and A.
W. Albin of Savannah. Ga.
Mr. Firth, who has been in consultation
In Boston the past week with Messrs.
Stone & Webster, was In Washington
to-day looking over the properties that
the New York bondholders control, and
to-night expressed himself as much
pleased with what he had found. He says
that while it 1b by no means settled that
tne representatives of the various inter
ests will be able to come to terms, he is
in Washington to look into the properties
to report to the gentlemen with whom he
1st interested.
The officers of the Washington Traction
Company here say they have no knowl
edge of the proposed deal.
BIG DEAL INVOLVING
WASHINGTON STREET ROADS
Juarez this afternoon. The bulls were
Just from the mountain ranges and fo'ught
fiercely. Two horses were killed under
the plcadores and two men killed. Over
two thousand Americans from El Paso
were present.
To Retire From Deutschebank."
BEJtLIN, Dec. 2.— The forthcoming re
tirement of Dr. von Siemens .from the
directorship of the Deutschebank Is an
nounced, due,. It is said, to the pressure
ol political .duties." This is generally in
terpreted to mean that he' will succeed
Dr. von Miquel as Minister of Finance.
Killed at Bullfight.
EL PASO, Tex., Dec. 2<— The first bull
fight of the fiesta season was given In
JAMESTOWN, Dec. 2.— Carters, the live
mining and lumber camp on the eastern
lode of Tuolumne County, Is excited over
the Chinese question. Thursday night a
crowd of 100 men formed In procession and
In an orderly manner visited the several
Chinese business places and gave notice
that the Chinese must leave by Saturday.
This they decided to do, some nine or ten
coming to Sonora yesterday morning,
where they are taking legal council. They
claim protection on the grounds that they
are taxpayers. Kong Wo, a Sonora mer
chant, says his countrymen will return to
Carters, but the citizens of the town de
clare otherwise and have served .notice
on white men employing Mongolians that
they must discharge them.
dered To, but Say They Will
Return.
CABTERS EXCITED OVER
THE CHINESE QUESTION
Mongolians Leave the City When Or-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List if Pen
sions Issued.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— Postofflces es
tablished: Oregon— Nlcolal. Wasco Coun
ty, George Nlcholl, postmaster.
Washington— Bush Point, Island County,
John C. Farmer, postmaster.
Postmastere commissioned: Washing
ton — James C. Earley, Wabash.
Pensions Issued: California— Original-
John H. Livings, San Bernardino, $12. In
crease—Riley C Storley, Palo Alto, $10.
Original widows, etc.— isancy F. Mathews,
San Francisco. J8. Minor of James H.
Clark, Pasadena. $10. War with Spain,
widows, etc.— Nellie A. Everington, Oat
hill. $12.
Washington— Increased— Ellas Randall,
Olympla. $10.
BLOODSHED MAY ETTSTJE ,
BEFOEE A LAND OFFICE
Long Line of Men Await Opportunity
to File Upon Land in Indian
Reservation.
CROOKSTOWN, Minn., Dec. 2.— A line
of men several blocks long formed in
front of the United States Land Office
laet nlpht to await Tuesday morning,
when filings upon the lands of the White
Earth Indian reservation, which have
been opened for settlement, will be re
ceived. It is estimated that there will be
a half-dozen filings for each claim. Blood
shed may ensue.
Steps Taken to Form Amalgamation
Months.
NEWARK, Ohio, Dec. 2.— Delegates
from every division of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad, representing the organiza
tions of the engineers, conductors, fire
men, trainmen and telegraphers, held a
meeting here to-day to federate those or
ganizations. While federation was not ac
complished, It will come, according to a
delegate, within two months.
Grand Chief P. M. Arthur of the engi
neers declared that he is personally op
posed to such a step. Chief Conductor
Ferguson presided and Governor Nash,
Grand Chief Arthur, Grand Chief Sar
gent of the firemen, Vice Grand Chief
Garretson of the conductors and Grand
Chief Dodge of the trainmen addressed
the several hundred delegates present.
Within the Next Two
PLAN A FEDERATION OF
ALL RAILROAD MEN
The sum of $14,OOO,OUO would have been
attained U orders nad not been received
to coin $600,000 in half-eagles. Double
eagles— the twenty-dollar pieces— are as
readily produced as are the half-eagles.
When" it is considered that there was one
holiday in the short month oi thirty days
¦the record is regarded as something for
tne Mint to boast of.
The Klondike contributed a large share
of the new gold. It is not quite up to
the fineness of the California product,
but the process of refining makes all
equal before the stamp of the United
States is impressed on the coin.
.British gold from Australia and golden
yens from Japan were included in the
November output of American money.
The branch United States Mint of San
Francisco broke all previous monthly
records of gold coinage in November,
1900. when gold dust, nuggets, bars and
golden coins of foreign stamp aggregal
irg in value $13,200,000 were converted into
United States gold coin.
All Prior Records Broken in
the Mouth of November
This Year.
COINAGE OF GOLD
AT LOCAL MINT
"As soon as people heard me several
men came running to us, and we got tne
police to send for the ambulance.
Detective Holland said: "Mrs. Case was
not attacked for purposes of robbery. Her
own statement discredits that theory
absolutely. The brute who so brutally
treated her was. In my opinion, half
crazed from liquor. We find that the un
fortunate woman is of the highest char
acter. She has been the victim of mis
fortune, and for the last year and a
half has been struggling to Bupport her
children and herself. '
Mrs. Baxe. with whom Mrs. Case and
her 11-year-old son reside, spoice in high
est terms of the injured woman. Mrs.
Case has a grown daughter and a son
who is a clergyman In Chicago. The
mother is 48 years of age. Her husband,
according to the police reports, desert
ed her nearly two years ago.
Mrs. Case was kept at the Receiving
Hospital to-day, that the surgeons might
be assured that no complications would
arise from her injuries. When she was
taken to the hospital last night her face
was so badly bruised and cut that the
features were not recognizable. The po
lice were busy all night, while Detectives
Holland and Shoroy have been working
to-day In an effort to trace the assail
ant.
"I heard moaning, as if some one was
in distress," said Baker, "and, looking
about, saw the woman on the sidewalk.
She was covered with blood. I yelled for
help, believing she had been murdered by
some one.
The first person to the rescue of Mrs.
Case was Joseph Baker, a Southern Pa
ciiic employe, who was on his way home
from the deathbed of a iriend.
"There was no attempt at robbery. The
mr..i did not ask ior money, or make
any effort to find any valuables."
4 fell at last, ana tne blows continued
as I tried to fight off the brute. I must
have screamed, for I lost consciousness,
and the next 1 remember was when some
men assisted me to my feet.
"Stop or TtX kill "ou!" demanded the
man, who then seized me by the throat
as I tried to pass. x*e threw me against a
fence, and as I struggled he struck me
several times upon the face. His hands
were large and coarse.
"I had been uptown," said Mrs. Case
to Detective Holland, "making some pur
chases, and had stopped on the way home
to call on a friend on Fifteenth street.
Leaving there, I walked down Campbell
street, and had just passed the church
when I heard a gruff voice and then a
man's form appeared in front of me. -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec. 2.
Mrs. Elizabeth Case, residing at 803
Wood street, who was mysteriously as
saulted last night on Campbell street,
near Ninth, had recovered sufficiently to
day from the brutal beating she suffered
to give the detectives a lucid account Of
the struggle Bhe had with her strange as
sailants. . /
Mrs. Elizabeth Case Giv«s
Details of Mysterious
Assault.
TELLS STORY
OF BRUTAL ATTACK
his State contract "for clearing the site for
the proposed new channel for Bear River
on account of high water. One camp has
been abandoned and the other will be
to-morrow. However, the bulk of the
work has been. completed and there will
be but little to do to complete the contract
•when the water recedes.
MONTEVIDEO, "Uruguay, Dec 2.— La
Nacion, organ of President Cuesta, denies
alarming announcements made in Rio
Janeiro. It declares there is no diplo
matic friction between Brazil and Uru
cuay over the boundary Question.
NO FRICTION EXISTa
BERLIN, Dec 2.— Herr Spinola, privy
councillor and director of the Charity
Hospital, Is dead.
Herr Spinola.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 2.— Sarah A. Snow,
one of the wives of President Lorenzo
Snow, died to-day of heart failure. She
was married to Mr. Snow In Ohio In 1848.
Sarah. A. Snow.
LEBANON, Mo., Dec. 2.— Ex-Governor
Joseph W. McClurgf. aged 88 years, died
here to-day of hemorrhage of the stom
ach He was elected Governor of Mis
souri as a Republican in 1886 and served
one term. He served in Congress from
1S62 to 1S66.
Joseph. "W. McClurg.
OILROY, Dec. 2.— Elizabeth H. Martin,
widow of the late Julius Martin, died yes
terday at her home near Gllroy. aged 61
years. Mrs. Martin was one of the oldest
living pioneer women of the West, having
come to this State in 1843 in the same
party with Peter H. Burnett, first Gover
nor of California. The Martins were the
first white settlers In the Gllroy Valley.
Julius Martin died about ten years ago.
leaving an estate of more than 1500 acres
of the richest land in the valley. Six
daughters survlve-Mrs. Mary Tully. Mrs.
Martha Oldham. Mrs. Araella Lewis, Mrs.
Susan Philbrook, Mrs. Georgia Johnson
and Mrs. Charles Hornbeck. Mrs. Mar
tin retained her mental faculties to the
last. Her mind -was a perfect storehouse
of reminiscences of early days, and s£c
took an active interest In affairs of the
present day and managed her estate till
her death. The funeral will take place
on Monday at 2 p. m. -
Mrs. Elizabeth, H. Martin.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
EXTENSIVE PLANS OP
NORTHERN 1 PACIFIC
Purchases Fifty-Six Acres In Central
Portion of Tacoma's Tide
Lands.
TACOMA. Dec. 2.— The Northern Pa
cific Railway yesterday purchased fifty
six acres more of land in the central por
tion of Tacoma tide lands, adjacent to
deep water. This purchase, together with
the application mad© to- lease from the
State a large portion of the harbor rim
reserved by the State, tfves the Northern
Pacific control of the entire western part
of Tacoma harbor alongside of the city
Itself.
its tide land possessions along deep
water and at the head of the bay now
exceed 500 acres. Engineers of the road
here and at St. Paul are drafting plans
to cover this acreage with additional
ware houses, coal bunkers and terminal
facilities, costing $1,000,000. as recently an
nounced by President Mellen. The plans
Include the formation of facilities by the
terminal company to handle the Ori
ental shipping that is concentrating hers
and to permit other roads to use these
facilities.
HTJNDBEDS OF LIVES LOST
IN POWDER EXPLOSION
TACOMA, Dec. 2.— The steamer Energla
brings details of the terrible powder ex
plosion at Nanking, China, which killed
more than 300 people, last month. During
a violent thunderstorm IlJfhtninjr struck a
pawder magazine, which exploded. The
result was to utterly obliterate the small
valley where the magazine was located.
Throughout the districts were found
heaps of mangled bodies. The rescuing of
the bodies was carried on for a week by
Chinese soldiers, 100 being recovered the
first day. _
A high Chinese official reports at Shang
hai that while with the Chinese Court at
Tatung-fu he neither saw nor heard of
the heir-apparent. Pu Chun. Prince Tuan'g
youngest son. The official was convinced
that the heir-apparent was s«laln or died
during the flight from Peking, he says
this belief is strengthened by the unex
pected suicide of the heir s chief precep
tors two Dukes, who were responsible
¦orith their lives for his safety.
HIGH BRED DOGS, POULTRY
AND BIRDS TO BE EXHIBITED
THJB SAJV JfltAJNUlSCJO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1900.
minded enough not to take him to task
for his unKingly escapades. The second
act opens probably at mid-forenoon of the
day following the flight of Polixenes and
Camillo, who seem to have taken ship
on the night after the events of the last
scene. Mamillius is shown as preferring
his mother to the usual pastimes of a
King s nursery, and wearying her, not
by requisitions of amusement, but by
fondness dnd devotion. The smutched
nose no longer witnesses against bis
mother's dignity and carefulness for her
child; that was but for the moment,
while we were to look at Hermione with
her husband's eyes.
It is an idyllic moment; but the tale of
sprites and goblins is never told. Even
now is heard outside. In the passage, tha
tread of hastening feet «-nd without re
quest or permission Leontes and his lor<2»
stride in. He shows no disposition to ad
dress his Queen and probably does not
look her in the face. The consciousness
that her calm eyes are fixed on him. and
without expectation of evil, is not reassur
ing. Though he Is in detp excitement he
talks at length about his wrongs, appar
ently expecting that Hermlone will inter
rupt or ask some question. But she is
silent until he is prompted to seize Ma.
milllus. when she asks if it is sport. Le
ontes has the lad haled out, but finds
himself far from ready yet to voice hi*
accusation. So he speaks to the lords.
bidding them
"Look on 'her: mark her well. But be about
To say 'she ia a goodly lady," and
The justice of your hearts will thereto add
' 'Tls pity she's not honest, honorable.' "
When he is through there is bat &
strangely firm and klndlv answer:
"Should a villain aay so.
The moat replenished villain In the world.
He were aa much more villain. You, my lord.
Do but mistake."
There Is no hurt, no rebuke, no hint of
personalities in this reply; only lofty sor
row for the man who has let himself go
wrong. The mildness and repose of it
anger Leontes worse than raillr"- and
abu^e could do. He dares address her
now directly, though he qulcklv exchanges
the second person for the third. He- goe3
on by his own momentum, charging late
with being a traitor and an accessory to
the late escape. He. of course, knows bet
ter, but he would shock her, scandaiizo
her from her maddening repose, if that
might be. But the result la all the wors-J.
She will not be surprised or grieved.
She is only sorry and that, too, for him
self.
There Is but ono thing left fo.- the Kin*
to do. Since she is insensible to Insult
and slander she must be made to feel hi-*
power. He orders her to prison and stop.*
beforehand all words of protest from, hii
lords. Hermione is not dismayed or
startled even yet. She excuses herself to
the lords for not giving way to heart
breaking tears, and declares her submis
sion to her husband's will. It 13 a sub
lime moment. The infinite unseen powers
seem to surround her and sustain her and
echo abroad her words. Nobody remem
bers the King's orders and Leontes cries
out, as in helplessness, for his rights. Af
ter a moment's silence, when all stand
yet as under a spell. Hermione asks that
her women, those who relieved her of
Mamillius at the opening, may be with,
her where she is going. There is no wori
of assent, there is no sound at all sav?
the sound of weeping, and there are few
dry eyes. Then Hermione. after a few
words to her husband —
"Adlau. my lord.
I never wished to see you sorry. Now
I trust I shall—"
steps forth to prison. The women do not
follow until the Queen calls back for them.
As soon as, of her own motion, she is
fairly forth. Leontes finds his tongue, and
bids the halberd men do his bidding. But
they only escort the Queen, unarrested,
upon the way that she was going.
In the character of Hermione. which Is
wholly womanly, there Is fortitude unus
ual for her sex; acd from the scene be
tween her husband and Polixenes, in the
first act, some Impression of boldness has
perhaps been left upon our minds. To
remove any most distant suggestion of
mannishness, the author furnishes to the
plot Paulina — a creation unknown to
Greene's novel — in the second scene. The
moment we see her and recognize the typ*
all disproportion or lack of harmony In
the character of Hermione disappears.
The effect Is analogous to what is seen
sometimes of the tempering of hues In a
lady's toilet. The shade of the material
proposed for a gown proves too pro
nounced on making up; but a bit of coxn
plemental color somewhere, as at the
shoulder or In the sash, saves the whole
to harmony. The first need of a Paulina
here is to womanize and soften Hermi
one's strength of will.
We pass now to the trial scene In the
third act. Greene speaks of a Jury, but
this process has no such English feature.
Hermlone has no advocate to speak for
her or offer counsel. Her Indictments be
ing read, there Is no Inquiry whether she
proposes to attempt defense. But there
is little need. She rises, and begins at
once to address the court. She has little
hope that the proceedings now opened will
result In justice; yet she feels the sublim
est certitude that no aimed or attempted
Injustice will do her any harm:
"But thus: If power* divine
Behold our human actions— aa they do—
I doubt not then but Innocence shall mak*
False accusations blush and tyranny
Tretnh)* at patience."
Her utter, absolute faith In the right
transfigures her and makes the court,
with all its pomp and ceremony, seem a
cheap and sorry thing. Leontes had
thought perhaps to overawe Hermlone by
the display and pomp of this great con
clave, by the array of lords and Judsres
and doctors learned In the law; but she
has that within her which Is greater and
mightier than they all. It fa withal a
woman's pleading; there la no masculine
diction or emphasis or logic anywhere.
But it Is not a woman pleading for her
self.
Note— The studv of "The Winters TalV
will be concluded on Thursday.
It Is clear that Polixenes. in spite of
the savage hints he has received, is not
greatly displeased at the chance of stay
ing He is Incapable, besides, of guessing
the mischief that may befall the Queen
from seeming to have made him change
his mind. A pretty pair of fellows, sure
ly to try the patience thus of a sensible
arid helpless woman, though she is a
Hermione Is probably accustomed to the
flighty temper of Leontes. and 19 not
greatly disturbed at .the manner he has
exhibited toward his old friend. She be
lieves him good at heart, and Is large
XV.
Heroines of "The Winter's Tale."
It Is not often that a novel or a drama
has two heroines, and this happens no
where in Shakespeare except In "The Win
ter's Tale." But "The Winter's Tale" la
unique among the plays of Shakespeare
for other reasons, all of them more Im
portant and remarkable than this. It is,
In the first place, neither comedy nor
tragedy, but a union of both. From the
opening: till nearly the end of scene III in
the third act It is tragedy; after that it
is the essence of comedy. Again, the play
stands by itself for its defiance of the
usual time restrictions, since the period
covered by it is sixteen years and over.
More than all, the plot requires that these
sixteen years, necessary in order that a
Princess, born after the piece opens, may
have a lover before its close, shall consti
tute a period of penance for the King ami
that the Queen, pretending to be dead,
shall continue Inexorable and keep him In
suffering for all that time. This has
seemed, among students and readers gen
erally, a blemish, and been accounted
wholly improbable.
Shakespeare, apparently aimed and ex
pected to make these things seem reason
able, and even yield results of power; but
to show this would require longer and
closer study than can be contemplated
here. The chief Interest in "The Winter's
Tale" centers in its two heroines, Her
mione and her daughter Perdita. Her
mlone is the strongest and- grandest char
acter among Shakespeare's women, and is
probably the most remarkable feminine
creation in all literature. That this has
not been generally recognized is due rather
to the author's manner of treatment than
to asperities or defects in the character
itself. For the opening of "The Winter's
Tale" Is dismal and ehows little promise
of the greatness to be enacted in it. It is,
like "Cymbeline," a play of Jealousy, but
there is no such evolution or explanation
of the reasons as we find in the rival
work. In "Cymbeline" we are fascinated
by the beauty and nobleness of Imogen's
nature at the outset, and covet for her,
before her trouble come*, the largest hap
piness. We see, too, the brewing of the
mischief that alienates her husband from
her. In "The Winter's Tale" the author
keeps us from discerning the essential
worth of his heroine till the end of the
first act. He begins by presenting to us
King Leontes. her husband, in a fit of
jealousy for which no adequate cause ap
pears and which has seemed to many
readers inartistic. i .
Some hint of Hermione's greatness,
however, shines out even at her first
speaking in the second scene of the play.
Polixenes, In a rather grandiloquent way.
has intimated that, since he has come
to the end of a nine months' visit, he in
about ready to go home. He is very
grateful for his entertainment, and feels
that, were he to thank his Klngrfriend
properly, he should need to stay another
three-quarters of a year. Leontes, of
course, is bound to reply in kind, depre
cating the acknowledgment and urging
a yet longer tarrying. But he will, do
nothing of the kind, and even insinuates
stiffly that Polixenes, for all his saying,
does not mean to go. That makes Polixe
nes drop his circumlocutions and declare
that he shall go to-morrow. "Besides,""
he says, "I have stayed to tire your roy
alty." Instead of the expected protest
ings, Leontes Implies that his guest has
said truth:
"We are tougher, brother.
Than you can put us to "t."
That is to say: "You don't know how
much I can stand."
This is a disgraceful situation, and
fortunate it is that there are no more
courtiers present. All this while Her
mlone has been standing In silence be
side her husband, awaiting the outcome
of the dialogue. Leontes quickly ex
hausts his immediate resources, yet can
not leave the dialogue where It has been
brought; so he calls upon the Queen to
save the good name of his court. Even
his ungracious manner as well aa the
ungracious thing he says shows why she
has not aided him before and why he
has not addressed her hitherto. Plainly
enough Leontes is jealous, and believes
that his friend is staying, not for the
sake of his society, but his wife's. Of this
Jealousy Hermlone is certainly aware,
for she deftly avoids asking her hus
band's guest to remain, while making It
virtually Impossible for him to insist on
going. She "adventures the borrow of a
week" — the minimum time proposed by
her husband, chatters brilliantly over
Polixenes' solemn refusal, and half
charms away her husband's ugly mood:
You'll stay?
No, madam.
Nay. but you wlllT
I may not, verily.
Tou put me off with limber oaths; bat I.
Though you would seek to unspher* th« stars
with oaths.
Should yet «ay. "Sir. no going." '
You shall not go. A lady's "Verily" Is
As potent as a lord's. Will you go yet—
Force me to keep you as a prisoner.
Not like a guest T So you shall pay your fees
When you depart, and save your thanks. How
My prisoner, or my guest? By your dread
"rerlly"
One of them you shall be.
Tour guest, then, madam.
Kblomon Harris, a retired stationer. 64"
years of age. died suddenly yesterday at
his residence. 18 Woodward avenue, and
•his. body was taken to the Morgue. His
itio . fop.;-' heard him moving about his
..room early in the morninK. and becoming
they made an investigation and
P ind he wax •erJously HI. They sent for
* IV. Alderson. but trhen the doctor arrived
the old man waa dead. It Is supposed tliat
be died from natural cau««*
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
SHAKESPEARE'S PLAY WITH TWO HEROINES
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
7THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1900.
8
fioroughly
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE
COUNTRY newspaper . man and ; thoroughly
competent all-round Job compositor and press-
man wants situation, city or country;* fore-
man's experience; references. Address /• W..
1437 Pacific ave. -
ENGINEERS— Young man with J years' ex-
perience with Ball engines (one year aa aa-
Bistant, one year on gas engine and last year
tending dynamos) wants position. Box 685,
Call office.
YOUNG man with college education would like
position In an office; previous experience in
railroad office; also has some knowledge of
stenography; first-class references. ¦ Box 663,
Call office.
GENTLEMAN'S nurse, strong, healthy, many
years experience, wants employment; city or
country; will travel with patient; good ref-
erencea. Box 654, Call office.
BY assistant broiler from first-class hotel, work
In restaurant or hotel with opportunity to
learn the other branches. J. LLOYD, 108
Eighth et. ./
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 626 Mont-
gomery st. "
YOUNG -man desires position as bookkeeper or
assistant ; references. Box 683. Call of floe.
AX experienced accountant and bookkeeper
wishes work at moderate pay; good corres.-
pondent and, typewriter. Box 570. Call office.
A YOUNG stationary engineer wishes employ-
ment; strictly temperate. J. W.. 140 Seventh.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class dairyman
on a private place a- milker and to make
butter; can furnish references. Address box
615, Call office.
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker; single man;
looks for steady position; Pullman P. Car Co.
ref. Adr. H. P., San Rafael. P. O. box 877.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
recelveO at Call branch of flee. ?20O Flllmore st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician.- »10 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 HOUSES AND FLATS TO RENTV SPffiCK:
& CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
1308 Golden Gate. u. IBIS Dovlaadero. u.
r., 8 r $50 f.. 7 r ., $21
1519 O'Farrell, l.f.,7r.$35 3408 Paclflo, u C. 5r.$l«
1SC0 Fell, u. f., S r..|S5 1696 Page, u. t, S r..$15
192 Tremont ave., u. 331 Eddy, m. 1, 4 r.$20
f..-7 r $2S
Flats wanted to rent; guarantee B days.
BARGAIN — $16; sunny 8 rooms Just renovate-;
bath, dresaer. 1312 Green St., near Polk.
ELEGANT flat, 6 rooms and bath; partly fur-
nlshed. 1206 Golden Gate ave.
IF you want to move get' printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWBLL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children.
SUNNY flat 6 rooms: thoroughly renovated.
Corner Nineteenth and Hartford sta.. between
Castro and Noe.
THREE sunny rooms to let at 842 Teh-ma
street.
TO let— Flat of 4 rooms and bath; rent $14.
1S1 San Carlos ave.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
$13— FLAT of 6 rooms. 649 Stevenson St., oppo-
slte New Postofnce. .
$2C — BAT-WINDOW; newly renovated: modern;
7-room; bath. 1625 Clay St., near Polk.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage pa. Id.
FURNITURE POIl SALE.
FURNITURE of 8 rooms for sale for $160; 5
rooms rented. Call between 2 and 4 p. m.,
815% Geary st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $1S 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
£ FUKNITURl- WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 781. '.
A. WOLLPEKT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1SC5 Larkin; tel. Polk691.
furniture & furn'd hou&es bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
— ————————————————————————————a—————— _«———«
HEL1' WA..VTED-FBMALE. .
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $30; head waitress, south, $30,
fare paid; head waitress, city, $25 and in-
crease; waitress. Sacramento. $23; waitress.
Santa Monica, $20, free fare; waitress, Be-
nlcia, $20; waitress, Petaluma, $20; waitress,
first-class new hotel, country, $20; chamber-
maid, $20; 2 chambermaids, $18; restaurant
waitress. $4; lunch waitress. $4 60, no Sunday
work; dinner waitress. $10; woman cook,
country. $S5; woman cook, city, 135.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Swedish housekeeper. Nevada, $20; housegirl,
Antioch (no children), $20; housegirl, Oakland,
nice place, $20, $25; middle-aged woman,
housework, north. $20, fare paid; housegirl,
Visalla, $20. see party here; many others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
I NEAT young girls for candy factory. $4 week
to begin. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A— NURSEGIRL with city experience ana ref-
erences, see lady In our office. C. K. IIAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary at. ¦ ¦
WANTED— 8 cooks, $30 each; housegirl, $27 60;
second girl. $25; nurseglrl, $20; waitress, $25;
laundress, $25. MRS. NORTON. 813 Sutter st.
GIRL to operate power sewing machlno; plain
j sewln*. CRESCENT FEATHER CO.. 152
New Montgomery st.
WANTED— Competent girl for second work and
to assist with waiting. Call between 10 and.
12. at 1421 Euttor at. '
A GIRL for light second work and care for
child 6 years old. Apply morning, IMS La-
guna st.
WANTED— A German girl for upstairs work
and take care of a child age 6; wages $20.
1131 Laguna st., corner Eddy.
WANTED— 20 young and pretty girls for "Cin-
derella." Apply to-day at Tivoll Opeja-house*
10 to a.
YOUNG girl for general housework, plain
cooking-, $15. Call between 10 a. m. and 12 m..
8326 Twenty-fifth at.
WANTED— An experienced packer and caramel
wrapper. B. J. BAUM, 405 Jones st.
TAILORE83 as finisher on pants. 6% Kearny
St., room IS. top floor.
GIRL to assist housework family of three;
wages $12 to $15. 1922 Page St.. near Park.
DRESSMAKER for children; 10 to 13 a. m. 1117
Van Ness ave. .
GIRL or woman to care for child; wages $S
per month. 819 Larkin st. ¦
A LADY ironer and repairer, $1 BO per day.
Golden Gate, Dye Works. 1421 Point Loboa.
A GIRL to assist In Ught housework. In-
QUlre 1013 Golden Gate ave.
WOMAN or girl to assist with children and b»
useful at 1204 Post St. .
OPERATORS on shirts; best pay. BRENNER.
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses, 10 housework girls. 4
housekeepers. 1 Italian housework girl, coun-
try. Plaza Employment Office, 626 I et., Sac-
ramento, Cal. '
WANTED— Immediately, to Qualify for vacancy
by January L sharp business woman; state
age, experience and former employers. Box
696. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced hands on ladies' silk
and woolen waists. S. F. Mfg. Co., 403A
Turk st. .
KINISHER8 wanted X>n pants; good salary. J.
KIRSHBAUM, 407 Stevenson St., between
Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED— A lady as companion and assist in
housework: a good home and fair pay for tha
right party. Call after 2 p. m. at 116 Taylor.
WANTED— Operators on ladies' wrappers and
waists to work In factory; also take work
home; good pay; steady work. MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; t In
family. MRS. GAULLIE, 2901 Jackson St.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' whlt«
shirts; steady employment. 535 Valenola st
GIRLS wanted to work. Call Philadelphia
Manufacturing Company. 4S3 Seventh st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 83S
O'Farrell et. ¦¦ ¦ ;
OPERATORS on ladles': wear to work in.fac-
. tc-ry. 723. Market st.. room 36.
WANTED— A " first-class finisher .on custom
pants; steady work. :. 411% ' Kearny st.
OPERATORS on < shirt * waists and children'!
wear. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome St.-
FINISHERS on vests: steady work: good pay.
. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.," 641 Market st
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency,* 9 Geary;, ph.: Black 3719.
EXPERIENCED booUfolders - and apprentices
' wanted. ¦ Dookblndery. 636 Clay: St., : •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions has been established at- 10M
Valencia et. HHH
BA>- FUAXCISCO CALL.
Bt:EI>T_SS OFFICE of The San Francisco [
Cell, comer of Market and Tbird streets; open
ostil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open until 9:50 p. m. .
«0C Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. n_
C2S McAllister street : open until 3:*0 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 9:39 p. m.
J?41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
tr« M-rket street comer Sixteenth: open
cntll * r. n_
10« Eleventh street: open ur.tfl » p. m.
JC96 Valencia ttreot; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-eeeon- and Ken-
tucky rtreete: ' open until 8 p. m.
MEETIXC KOT1CBS.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No t. Royal
Arch V.a>onf. meets THIS E\ ENING. fL^
Business only. ___ ;
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. r2. F. and A. •
M -THIS <MONL>AY) EVENING, at -J%^
7:30 o'clock sharp. Annual meeting fcX.
and election of officers. *
WALTER O. AXDERSOK. Secret-TV-
HERMANN Lodge No. J27, F. and A. a
M -Stated meeting and election of
officers THIS DAY (MONDAY). D«-XX I
cember S. 1600. at 7:30 o'clock p. m. ' TT
By order of the XV. >» CHUMACHER . 8e0 , .
KING SOLOMON'S Lodpe No. Ceo. F. ¦
and A. M.. Fra-kl'.n Hall. Fillmore Bt.,
between Bush and Sutter— Annual J\X :
stated meetlnp and election of officers 1 '
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEH.R, Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Pa- -^2£__!_i. '
etna Janice No. Hi. I. O. O. F- ~*j2r*?!S=
•_•* hereby notified to taeet at ou- •
. luirtroom TUESDAY. December - /a;v
4. at 1 S3 P- ia.. to attend the funeral of our ,
_*. troth^MONH^ q .
FRANK B. McBETH. Secretary. .
: • : r=ee - .:rig el the y_f2L*-'^»|l'>^£^f^
tend— r.ce te requested.
at- business cf sr*cial Importance wlj conn
before the meetlsc- J- X. SPEAR. Secy.
DIVISION No. :. A. O. H.— The regu- Oj^?^.
¦isx mocthly meeting of this division >V\ X \J
• win be helfl at Hlbernla Hall, 1T0 **^ 'g
Ninth St.. on TTESDA.Y. December ?.fCX^g?
1SO0. — t 7:2d p. m. m^gs.
JOHN KEXNY. President.
T. L CLANCY. Secretary.
sconce to the stockholders of the
SAN FRANCISCO DHY JXtCK COMPANY IS
ticn of the Heard of Directors of said com-
rtny unanimously adopted at a meeting of
ta.:A boar.-J, held at th; effice of the com-
P_ny. in the city and county of San Francisco,
ttate of California, en ihe 2£th day o£ Octo-
ber 19"0, & meetir.s of the stockholders of the
i=F.n Fran-:if=co Dry Dock Company will be
fceid at the cftlee ot the company, aumter SM
California street £«n Francieco, California
(the same being the principal place of busl- ;
nets of said corroraticn and the building
where the Board of Directors usually meet), j
on Tuesday, the tzh day of January. 1901, at
the horr cf 10 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
' of considering end acting upen the proposi-
¦ tlon to create a bonded indebtedness of said
corporation to the amount in the aggregate of
five hundred thousand < $500,000) dollars,
T'r.lted States gold coin, for the purpose of
raisin? furiC.6 to be used in building and
a new drydock. ana for other legiti-
mate and necessary purposes of the corpora-
tion, such bonded indebtedness to be secured
by _ mort«a.ge or _e«d of trust upon all the
- property cow owned by said corporation, or
*-hich it raay hereafter acquire.
"By. crder of the Board ot Directors.
W. F. RUSEEXL,
Fecretary of Ean FVancUco Dry Dock Cotn-
ATTqn\EYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. ?27 Market st.. 6th floor, room 627
— Estatf*. (Jarnapes, atta chnients, bankruptcy,
collections; sil cases; fair fees; no advance
charsre*: ioari6 on estates. Tel. Howard 1S37.
ADVICE free: divorce law a tpeci_lty; private;
no fee without succers; collections. G. W.
HOTVE. _tty at law, §10 Market, cor. Btockton.
I. EDW. JAItRETT, Hearst bld£.. Third and
Market *t«.: phone Red E2€I. • :
ADVICE free; no charge ur.less successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON'. ?:: Market st.. opp. Mascn.
L t?. CLARK. Emma Spreckeli bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; oor.EUltatlon free; no fees in advance.
AGEXTS WASTED.
J2W TO $."-00 per month; men or women; salary
¦ •r f-ommicsion. CC7 Market St.. room 615.
ASI'UALTIM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rocflng, Eidewalks re-
r-ired; postal. 11S6 -lissricn; tel. Folsom 1G07.
ASTRULOGV.
DR. C. TOrSET TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
per— Free copy "The Ne-w Moon." 765 Market.
BATII CAniNETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
?. EFiOTTX CO.. agency. 416 Ellis St.. 8. F.
liOARDI.\G FOR CHILDHCX.
A LADY with a pleasant home in Santa Rosa
would like 4 boys to board and go to school;
a good home; beet of refs. Box 49, C— 11.
NURSE, having sunny cottage, Berkeley, wish-
t* infanta and children to board. Box 'AU Call.
ULMM-SS CUAAtXS. .
A— OYSTER depot; price J1500; place doing a
large bus:nes£. mnttiy wholesale, cash trade;
not tecs than $_00 profit per month; fullest In-
vestigation solicited. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny r_
A— *3'«0; OYSTER and chop house; opp. R. R.
di.-pot across the tay; dally receipts $30; rent j
?a. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 36^ Kearny.
A— 1700; SALOON and lunch house* surrounded
I'v wr;oles=a!<! houses and machine shops; es-
tablished years; rent tCO; splendid offer. Call
B. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny »t.
A-JTa ft ; ONE-HALF interest in good paying
restaurant on Keamy st.; a first -class prop-
osition for the right party. K. G. WILivli
-C 1 - Kearny st. •-.., ¦;. .
A-»75'Vi: SALOON near Chronicle building; es-
tablished j<-art and known as one of the :
leading plaetn of the city. Call R, G. j
WILKE. %,'¦* Kearny st. j
A — S12M; COKXKR grocery and bar; oae block
fouth of McAllister Rt.; rent $43; 4H years !
Siase; owner has two more places of busi- I
ness and must *ell one; rtock will invoice I
4 the price. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— JJOf'ii; KESTACFAST and coffee parlor on
Kearny St.. n<?*=-r Chronicle building; rent $125;
by!n<.-:-s clfaring ?-**) and above per month;
owner engaged otherwise; compellt-d to sacri- ;
__?• £f_' 5_ G ' V ' ILKE - Kl * Ke-rny st.
A— *?;>•; CORNER liquor bar; established 40
jinl rs; located ne_r Chronicle building; 3
years' U-n&r-: daily receipts about *jO; one of
the brst paying bars in this city. Particular-
It. G. WILKE. KH Kearny st.
A— CORNER butcher shop on Howard St.; do-
inRr a first-class jiayinsr cash business; must
fcfll at ence; owner going in cattle buying.
R. G. T.VILKC. 2t,' 2 Kearny rt.
A— *12OO: BAKERY, corner, in Western Add.;
<•j-ta.ii. rr.any years; 4 horst-g. wagon, etc.; bak-
" iiiK 4 barrels p< r day; 5 living rooms, bath;
r< nt iU 1 ; Z years' teaae: death of owner cause
of —Ue.nR. Q. Wll.KK. »;h Kearny su
A-LIVKKY ttab>; established nearly 10 years;
tuc-ted tvhpre its patronage it of the best,
both in letting and boarderr; paying now a
* handsome net Income; horse*, ha. cks. car-
n«'B and harrier are Ctrt claes. For par-
ticulars call or address M. F\ THOMPSON,
room J!0, Safe Deposit building.
A— COAL, hay and grain business, established
over 15 years: one of the b-st locations in
the city; paying now over *7 per day above
all. expenses. Kor ijerticulars call or address
>1. V. THOMPSON, rm. 310. Safe Deposit big.
A— GENUINE BARGAIN in a fine cash paying
jrrof-ery and bar business, with 12 nicely fur-
rs!*hed dwelling rooms Included: good busl-
„<>*» location; reut only $40; given away for
only $750. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Oate ave.
WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
Ftore and basement with fixtures suitable for
grocery business; »j>e^ial Inducements. Ap-
ply gPKCK & CO.. 667 Market St.
BARGAIN— Bakery and branch; store trade of
f barrels a day; 51200. Apply at once to Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^4 Market st.
$70") — H int- *n plumber busimas. established 10
years; splendid opportunity lor a mechanic;
Fickriefs cause of rale; Lane & Co., MS Mrkt.
JSW-RESTAIIRANT; near Market: clearing $?0!>
mo. : party 3 yrars in place. UASILE. 3 Eddy.
IF you have anything to sell or exchange nee
E. J. LUXPIN. S3j Market at.
t2?<0 WILL buy partnership in paying saloon
near Hall of Justice, 640 Commercial «t.. near
Kearny. Apply at 423 Jackson mU
EAiyON* for sale opposite the ferry. Apply
at 111 Eart rt.. north of Market.
.A— WHOLESALE liquor business; long estab-
lished; making money; no agents. Inquire H.
L. KEA, 403 Washington st.. B. F.
JiOO-STATTONERiF store; clean stock and flz-
tures; good location. Address box _r.2. CalL
KESTAUttANT; good paying place; cheap
rent; full investigation allowed. 869 Hayes.
TINE chance for shoemaker; old rtand to let
cheap. 2261 Twenty-fourth «t. •;
FAMILY Jersey cow. 10 dozen handsome pul-
i»u. U$ Pe__sylTS-da av«v '
A— DELICACY store; business location; call at
once. COWINO & CO.. 719 Market st.
X— BRANCH bakery, home kitchen, notions,
cigars; bargain. COWING &. CO., 719 Market.
A— RESTAURANT: heart city; money-maker;
come quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— PLUMBING Ehop: good location; come at
once. COWING & CO., 719 Market st. _^
A— PARTNER wanted In good hotel. COWING
& CO.. 713 Market st.
A — GROCERY; best barpain ever offered; $125
takes it. COWING & CO., 719 Market st
A— SALOON; water front; a snap this day.
COWING & CO.. 718 Market st. -,._*- .<¦!
KALF Interest in a good-paying office business;
small amount cash and balance to be paid out
of the business to right party; good for lady
or gentleman. Call at S16 Market st, room
40. between 7 and 8 p. m . 1 , ;
FOR sale — On exceptional terms, a complete
printing plant, suitable for printing a seven
double-column paper: plenty of type and other
accessories. For further particulars a ddres s I
M. F. WALSH, Castrovllle. Cal.
CALL to-day at THE DONALD McRAE FUR-
NITURE CO., E37 Mission st.; some good prop-
ositions in rooming-houses and restaurants.
CHEMIST of wide experience in manufactur- •
ing will furnish Instructions for making
anything desired. Chemist, box 646. Call.
WANTED— 2 sober young men with small capi-
tal to take charge o_-oyster house, hot lunch
and bar; transfer corner. 2801 Folsom st
WELL-EQUIPPED plating plant doing splen-
did business $£00: worth S1500; sickness com- '
pels quick sale. Box 4?8, Call office. :j.
BALOON at half Its value to-day; good busl-
cees. 809 Post Bt
PARTNER In dressmaking: good business. Box
477. Call office.
A LONG established saloon In wholesale dis-
trict for sale cheas. Address box 643, Call.
GROCERY and bar: 2 living rooms; very
cheap. 64 R— usch s_. near Eighth. - r -- ,
$375— WHITE FRONT ealoon; no agent; call
end see. G39 Washington st., nr. Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. KOO Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions h&s been established at 109*
Valencia st !
LODGING-BOUSES FOR SALE- .i
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses. 1H P> c;
anything you want in Iodine-houses; s'mpls;
37 rooms on Powell et; rent $176; price. .$1800
15 rooms on Geary st. ; rent $65: price 1050
15 rooms on O'Farrell et. ; rent t65; price.. 750
.£0 rooms on Mission Ft. ; rent $60: price.. 1100
16 rooms on Howard St.; rent $25; price.. 700
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY, 918 Market st; phone black 6215.
A— 22-ROOM bouse: central $1000
20-room hcuse; first-class 1060
11-roora house; $475; 6-room flat 825
20-room house; Eddy; rent $75; only JOO
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market Bt
SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished: clears $23 per mo.;
only $-3. FISHER &. CO.. 1C32 Market st
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Good-
paying houses; sizes, prices and locations to
nieet your desires; honest value guaranteed;
money loaned buyers; titles searched by a
regular searcher: your interests protected. All
this and mmy choice investments you will
find at SCHWEINHARD. Real Estate Office,
rooms 1-2. No. »17 Market st.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. room 1; free list;
over 600; all sizes and prices; please call.
FOR eale — The finely furnished rooming-house,
4XS Fifth St.. very cheap.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, cent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO. clearance sale; low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, $&0; other
rtyles at proportionately loir prices; suitable
Xmas presents. JIarkt. nr. 9th., opp. St. Nlch.
FOR sale— Cheap; fine Caffrey brourham. near-
ly new, with new rubber tires and patent
French brake. Inquire St. Lawrence Stable,
423 Poet st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, slcgle. also light
camping wagon, for eale cheap. 5S2 Mission.
SE W & 2d-hand wagons, burgles, carts & har-
ness, work & drlv'.n; horses. ISth & Valencia. 1
SPIRITUALISM.
MRs! DR. FARn'haM.' world^renowned ! spirit^
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the eepar— ted:
mining a epeclalty; cire. Sun.. Wed., Fri. ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
513 Eddy Et. bet. Hyde and Lerkin: no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all diseases at office or by letter;
eittingB. $_ 1164 O'Farrell St.; take Ellis car.
MRS. LESTER. 1035 Market room 1— Circle to-
night 10c; developing circle Wednesday eve. j
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psyebometrist. palm- ]
1st and card reading. 25o. 124 1H Market at.
MRS. GIL60N, €14 Jessie, nr. 7th-ClrclesTues..
Thurs., Bun., 8 p. m.; «it daily, $1; upstairs. !
C. MAYO BTEEttS. trance medium. 112% Oak !
St.; readings. >1; hours^ 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
EDW. EAJtLE, slate writer, removed !00 Ellis,
cot. Taylor; Sunday nl_ht. Pythian Castle.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium. !
healer and card reader. 148 Eddy st. I
MRS. DR. "WEST returned ; trance medium and 1
magnetic healer. 906 Market et., room 22.
"CONSULT Watcon," 1IS1 Mkt. et, nr. 12th; ;
medium, clairvoyant psychic, , palm. ; 50c, $1. 1
MRS. HARRISON — Medium, tert. readings; see i
her clr. Tues. Thurs.. Sun. Sag Mission st. .
FRIENDSHIP Hall, S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. j
Meyer, sittings: convincing tests to-night: 10c ;
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner of Golden Gate ave., room 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for paraph- j
let with gpeclal terms. | }
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
i reader, born with double veil— second night; }
i diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c, 1
I gents II; palm, and clalr. sit $1 60. 12« Turk, j
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice j
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar- j
er.teed; I5c up. 17 Third st, next Examiner.
! MRS. E. 8 ANDERS, 514 Taylor st, near Geary
i — Oa. Irvoyant. palmist and business medium:
: ladies' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Frt.. 8: clr. 25c.
: ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and i
i palmlft, permanently located 1148 Marketopp. ]
i 6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
! REMOVED — The great inspirational card read-
I er; price 25c and 60c: hours 19 a. ra. till 9 p.
I m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 22S Fulton St.
! GYPSY; genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
I Turk St.; ladirs, Kc; gents, 50c. "Frawley." j
¦ MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
I present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. ¦ ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist end card reader, 2jc. 7 Seventh st
I MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
I dium;25c up. 8S3 Mission st., nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant wa- !
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant has
I returned; fee 25c and SOc 708 Ellis st r
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny *t. rooms 8-10.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card-reader and
j palmistry; truth or no pay; 23c 1149 Mission.
' MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
i advice: names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
j CARPET BEATING AND „ CLEANING.
j WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
! send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
i Ing Works. 353-357 Teh-ma st; tel. South 40.
; STANDARD. 213 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
! kets renovated, 2Sc per pair; carpets cleaned.
! 3c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
\ CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c,
1 STRATTON'S. t Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth nt. ; tel. Mission .74.
i CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
' j STEVENS, mgr., 88-40 8th Et: tel. South 230.
: ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
j tel Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
! CONKLIVE Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
; ] Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
* GUIROPODISTS.
1 BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
• [ painlrFs: consul' n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
' , ;
COLLECTION OFFICES.
• : GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
• j less Euccessf ul. Room 310. . 927 Market st
• 1 r COTTA 5;f';* TP--- liE -'r.
'. ; FOLSOM. 2326-Cottage, 7 rooms and bath;
! large yard. ¦ •'.
• ; $12— » PERTNE et; 2-story house. S sunny
__ rooms and yard. AjbdIj- at 2H- r°"*"m>v. _,
__—_————— _——M—_C( . " - -'*— M_t_fl ¦_—_*—_—«__—
DENTISTS
I BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
HELP WAJKTED-MALE.
MUSICAL rVSTRUMKSTS.
AESOLLTELY the oldest and largest nous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 2*
a I and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organ- and
all other musical Instruments of all gradoa
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy __»-i
customer. '
HIGH-GRADE I-pedal uprisht piano; must b«
sacrificed, leaving city. 419 Van Nesa ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Coa-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
31^ upright. J75; Sherwood. J83: Peek.
nOQ; other bargains. BRUENN, 208 Po«t st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand upright-:
small Installments. Hornang. 21S McAllister.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Splel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. 303 Post «t
BEST rent stork In city; new pianos: » per
month. SCOTT-CCP.TAZ. 560 Hayes St.
8 w?r^» ViOl l aS ' Zlth " 3 ' oW an<1 new ' H -
MLLLER. maker, r*ralrer. 2 Latham plac*.
A f^.t_n™ R Ji Ut °£-?, lanos for storage: dirt cheap:
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market.
i-CTlMIT/. IK MoAliNrtT st.. next Ttlh. Ban*.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
PHYSICIAN'S office 'fixtures for sale; chain
operating tables. Instrument case, batteries
etc. 42 j Kearny st.
OIL.
EVERYBODY— Man. woman and caild In San
Francisco and Pacific Coast, can afford to
buy oil stock, 1 cent per share, ia regular
corporation with proven oil lands; sure in-
vestment: dividends will be paid with first
¦well; money be used for development purposes
only; derrick awi-caslng now on ground; will
give free $1000 insurance policy, good for on«
year, with «very thousand share- sold; thou-
sand shares, $10; 130 shares $1; only 1CJ/-W
shares to be sold. JT7ANITA OIL CO.. 300
Montgomery St.. Ban Fran. 1 agent wanted.
WISH people are still buying oil stock at 25o
per share; 5c per share down and 2c per sharV
a month. Only a few shares left E. J.
LTJNDIN. S35 Market st
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. J30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Countrr rorresriondenee solicited.
OIL LA.vns FOR SALE.
KERN River OQ Lands — Proven tenituiy la
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co," for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known; over SCO feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
have been in Held from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. Saa
Francisco; 41S Douglas Block, Los Angeles;
Bouthern Hotel. Bakersfleld.
A FORTUNE for SHOO— The first V. S. p_t-nt
oil land on the market In 20-acre tracts: send
for map and exj>ert»' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLET. ?1S Martcet Bt.. 8. F.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
AD VICS free: no charge unles* snooeasfo—
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
P. BitED— I must see yoa tarmwH-af ty. I*
TO whom It may concern— I. ISAAC W.
GREENE, will not b« responsible for _ny
debts Incurred by MR3. MAGGIE GREENE
or any one connected with her. I demand
any money or property coming to ma be sur-
rendered at once.
ACADE3IIE FRANCAISE for conversation;
private and clacs lessons by Parisian t«ach-
ers; popular prices. 743 O'Farrell rt
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely .
vegetable compound : absolute prooj. Call or
address DR. G. B. MOORB. 433 Geary »t. 8. F.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792;
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers- and hair cleansed: uphol-
stered furniture cleaning _ specialty: fine uj>-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. Sla and 320 lit— St.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stop* the _alr frora
falling immediately and restores gray hair to
its natural color; lad'.ea call and investigate.
Mexican Lady. 142 Sixth st.
ELECTRIC light in every roooa— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: TOO rooms;
23c to $1 EO per nlgbt; SI W to JJ per week;
free 'bus- and baggage to and from tha ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; II
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market ¦_. be-
tween Seventh and Eights.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFTTTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
KINK suits. 110: dress pants, S3 75. MISFIT .
CLOTHING PABLO23, 437 Montgomery rt.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, CO Keamy st. near Pine.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo she— Id be on, every
dressing case; cleanses thoroughly; So p— g. ;
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1S37: reliable and coa-
flder.tlal lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ, 70S Ellis st
DANICHEFF sells holiday glove orders, good
for gloves ready-ma. de or to order. 12- Or— nt.
PRIVATE detective work; re— sonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. S57 J<sal» st
FIRST-CLAS3 upholstering done at your house
by day or Job. S. JENSEN. >U Bush «t
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlgst
country orders. OOLDSTKIN.& CO.. 7a Mkt
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair ani
moles; trial free. MIS3 EATON. U19 Huttar.
DK. LAMOTTrS French Corn Paint., the beat
corn cure; -5c: all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., 1844 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas HoteL
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stone-
bcught. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDITMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for S cent*— The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p«r year.
F A Ul IVrKY .
MME. ASTRA. 803 Taylor st! room I; •clo_tl_o
astrologer and palmist; hours 10 a.m to 7 p.m.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific paJmlst. 515
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 56—
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post; teL Hyde S3);
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment
PHY-IC1AXS AND SURGEONS.
PH. C. C. 6^DONNEX__-Offleo and residence.
1CHH Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED — 6 or 10 acres partly improved good
land In a place where I can get work in
timbers, cutting logs, -wood chopping or any
other work In timbers. Address F. R. WIL-
LIAMS, 531 Greenwich St., S. F.
WANTED— Flats of any goo- Income property
under S10.0CO for spot cash. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.
REAL ESTATE—-CITY--FOR 8AM3.
RED HOT BARGAINS
AT— A. M, SPECK & CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT! HABD TO BEATt
PRICES "WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
$:?20. '
S small fiats, all rented for $31; near _t_rk9t
and Ninth sts.
4 flats near Sixth st.. all rented for HI: «o«t
$5500; must sell.
JfiOCO. • .
Two nice flats. Kli Fillmore st: business lo-
cality; offer wanted.
J73C0.
Down town fiats, all rented, tSi.; two- front-
ages; Hayes Valley. •
$7500.
Flats: brand new; east of Van Ness ave.t
rents $72. '
J7IS0 INVESTED
On Van Ness tve. produces $100 a month over
taxes; must sell; elegant new improvements:
this is five times what you get in savings
basks.
$•350.
Rents J1C0: 100-ft. front: near Taylor it.; no
chance like it
$10,500.
40-ft corner on Second st
$14,500.
Business property; rents $100; near new City
HaU - co.000.
Corner: «O-ft. f«>=t: vicinity Butter, east of
Hyde- grand hotel, office or roomln-house sit*;
rents $107. .
Rents $2S5: elegant new laaprovwneata; 53-rt,
front; honest vlue.
?4- ft front; Tiei_lty of Ttrolt; eld taprore-
ments; rents $3C0: block from Market will
double surely in 10 years.
rrs.ooo.
a Grand corner; 7»-ft. front: wlthia bloek ot '
Market st. ; old improvements; rents $400; wltn-
in block of Male's; worth $100,000.
$100,000.
Here is 10 per cent net; on a corner 70-ft.
front; guaranteed lease 5 years; building better
than the Palace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE— No time for triflers. Cash talks ia.
our office. Try us.
Money to loan, 6 per cent, including taxes.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. ««7 Market at.
$J600 EACH— Two elegant 3-story dwellings,
containing 9 rooms and bath. Just finished,
on the «ait side of Masonic ave.. S blocks
south of Halght st. Owner on premises. 151*
Masonic ave.
HOMES built In any part of the city en e«jr_
monthly payments. ACME BUTLDINa ANt»
LOAN ASSOCIATION. 14 Post st.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plan* and
I, Mtima.trs _uml-aeU. Campbell. U«7 __m1od.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar- <
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. ra.: Sundays, 9 to 3 ;
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D.. Manager. J
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful eecret, painless method: 20 years* ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices •
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. 1
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate. ' the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c; -
crowns. $3 SO; plates, full set, $5; all work (
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh -
—No charge for extracting when plates are 1
made; old plates made over like new; teeth ¦
from $8 per set; extracting. SOc; gas given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019 .
Market st, bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult t
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. A. -L. Simpson. 1206 Market st. : expert ex-
tractor; crown & bridge work. 9 a,m. to 8 p.m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c j
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
da"a. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DrT H. gT •<
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. /
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction, £
SQe. New York Dentists. ?C9 Ml»»lon. cor. 6th.
DEPILATORY. _^ .
O. C C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; Brents -
¦wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ««*cy. 426 Ellis. *
DRESS3IAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School; *
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st. ,
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking, m Post, over O'Connor &Moff at t .
DRESSMAKING; reasonable trices; dresses ]
made over: perfect fit. 387 Geary st. (
EDUCATIONAL.
MONSIEUR and Madame de Loery, from Paris, ]
have opened a studio at 712 O'Furrell st for
voice placing, correct breathing, tone produc- 3
tlon, artistic singing. Italian method, solo-
ists and duetiEts for concerts and church, •
oratorio, opera; also parlor enUirta>n«rs. / :
GALLAGHEK-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac- J
tloal bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.. 3
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
t-uagre. telegraphy, janullsh branches, civil, "
electrical and mining enpineerinK. eto.: day J
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A-MADEMOISELLE HELEN CLARKE, pupil z
of Genevieve Stebblns and Herr Bandman,
coaches pupils for the et<\re, teache? Del- <
earte and society training. 408 Golden Gate
avenue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory ;
school for the university, law and medical |
colleges; references. President Jordan or any .
Stanford professor. Phelan building. »
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: day
and evening; individual instruction, $8 per ¦
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
Ehorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a '
ehort time with expert Tarr, 120 Parrot bldg..
he would not: be wise. >
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy; .
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re- (
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course thla
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St. !
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. minlng,mech.,sur- .
vey. assay, cyanide, arch. ; dav. eve. ; eat 1864. ¦,
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market. J
PIANO; history of music: German; French: $5
per month. Y. M. C. A. bldg., fifth floor. '
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr. '
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio. -
violin, pultar. mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy St.. *
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-Nlght class. 424 Pine st. '
. ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wrltinr.
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In the \
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. _^ ,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; wtab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
1870; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2181.
! RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
'¦ flee; all kinds help. SIS Stockton; Main 5188.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
I f urn. : domestic terv. 417 Powell ; tel. Bush 376.
! ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
I nese help. 42G Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
j CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 41Uw 0'Farreil nt.: tel. East 42S.
J EMPLOY3IEXT WANTED — FEMALE-
WOMAN wishes work by the day; any kind of
j housecleaning; sood laundress. Address MRS. !
j M.. 7 Van Ness ave.
1 POSITION wanted by a deserving woman with
; baby 6 months old; would like to go into the
I country: is willing to do anything If only 1
I riven the opportunity. Address box 604. Call, j
j EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes a few i
i more engagements by the day or take work
home. Call or address 554V4 Stevenaon st.
near Seventh.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants plaoe in
hotel, restaurant or boardlns-house; first-class
pastry; hotel references. T. B., 242 Natoma
Bt, basement
j RESPECTABLE woman wishes to do house-
} work and good plain cooking. Apply at 514
I Second et. " >
WOMAN wishes work by the day, houseclean-
1 Ing or washing; $1 a day. 600 Mission st
! GERMAN girl wishes situation; upstairs work
• and waiting. 802 Larkin St.. corner O'Farrell.
' GERMAN woman, lately from the East, wishes
position as working housekeeper; very fond
of children; can take full charge of an in-
fant; city or country. Box 23, branch Call
office/ 106 Eleventh st.
1 a. YOUNG American woman with good city
I reference desires work by the day washing,
i ironing and house-cleaning; good work;
prices reasonable. Box M9, Call office.
RELIABLE, experienced young American wo-
man wishes to assist a woman on a ranch or
would rent small chicken ranch; references.
Box 653, Call office.
! SITUATION wanted by an experienced nurse;
would like to take charge of invalid or oth-
erwise afflicted patient; best references. Box
673. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a girl 18 years old to
do general housework and plain cooking.
Call or address 142 Fourteenth st. » • .
SEAMSTRESS wishes a place where she can
work in exchange for her room rent Call 215
Polk st., rear house.
COMPETENT German woman wishes a situa-
tion as working housekeeper or cooking: city
or country: no triflers. Box B82, -Call office.
WANTED by a young American lady, a posi-
tion as housekeeper; references given and re-
quired. Box 430, Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes to do chamber-
jvork. Call 115 Hayes St., rm. J, after 9 a. m.
A WOMAN wants housework by the day;
cleaning. 235 Twenty-ninth st.
A GIRL wishes a situation at laundry work
and upstairs work. 2207>/6 Pine st.
NURSE would like a few more engagements.
Please call at 605 Webster st *
SITUATION as housekeeper. Call or address
MRS. S. CLARK. 32 Fourth St.. room 2.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 50 to W
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubgcrlptlons has been established at . 1098
Valencia St.
. J*"' I '" VME ' V ' 1 ' VVA ->. >1 ' l ' ;i> —- MALK -
1 STEADY, eober, willing young man will go as
. dishwasher; hotel or -boarding house; want*
1 fair wages, board, room. JO, box 603, Call.
SECOND hand on cakes .wants situation. 1133
Folsom st.
, A POSITION wanted as night watchman or
work., in wholesale house. Address box 688,
Call office. -
! NEAT, middle-aged man will do Indoor work
in exchange for furnished room or pay. Box
, 676. Call office. ••¦¦¦¦•.¦••¦¦¦
BY ¦ an- Englishman, a position as Janitor or
housecleaner; 15 years' ¦ experience. 107 Berry
; st; near Third. .-. - - '• - V .
. YOUNG colored man would: like a; position^ as
cook; can give reference. G.- W. P., Golden
Ji . Tr * °-le Hpt-fi-i room 10. Sixteenth _t»' Oakland.
A— MURRAY & READY.. ......Phono Main 5841
..Leading Labor and Employment Agents..
...WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
72 laborers and teamsters, city and country
Jobs, $2 and $1 75 day, $30, $2S and found.
call early
16 ranch hands $26 and $20 and found
' 8 farmers and wives $40 and found
Stablemen, gardeners, choremen and boys....
Carriage painter "SVagonmaker
Concrete finisher $3 day and found
Helper for concrete engineer, laborer, $2 day
Steam shovel man for dredge •
Bookkeeper for ranch $30 and found
Stenographer ; pruners ; butchers.
..HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
9 cooks, $30 to $65 4 waiters, $30 and found
Bakers, $16 week Laundrymen
Dishwashers delicacy man, $45 and found
Cook and wife, $45 and found
....... No women there; easy, good job
Tiemakers and Woodchoppers
864 men to cut ties and cordwood. $3, $2,
$1 50. $1 and 80c cord. 13c. 12c. 10c each; some
tools and food found and fare paid.....
Now to Oregon. See boss here.
8 coal miners; engineer
MURRAY & READY,
¦ 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSHN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Barkeeper, city, $50; second cook, country
hotel, 550; broiler, restaurant, $50; head
waiter, country hotel, $30; waiter, country
restaurant $8 a week: 6 hotel and restaurant
waiters, $30, $25, $8 and $11 a week; waiter,
family hotel, $30 to $35; dishwashers, pot
washers and kitchen hands, $20 and $25. C.
K. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— 15 TUNNELMEN and drillers, call early
this morning with blankets, free fare. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St. :
A-COOK for hotel ln^Nevada, $35 to 140. C R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st -¦-;
"WANTED— A Scandinavian man to chop wood;
good wages. MRS. NORTON. 818 Sutter st.
A— CARPENTERS, 1 wood turner, 6 cabinet
makers, 3 bench hands, 1 sash and door man.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
st, rm. 9; non-union mechanic- register: new
Jobs dally; no office fees. Tel. Main 5384.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment bureau; the only recognized
union of barbers. 115 Turk. L LESS. Sea-
BERBERS' Progressive Union— Free etnpioy-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 15-
MAN wanted to do general work around stable
and wash wagons; wages $20 month, room and
board. Call between 8 and 10 a, m., 6S5
Fourth st ¦¦-*.-.' "-:
FIRST-CLASS salesman for children's dot— ing
department: window trimmer preferred. JO-
NAS CLOTHING CO.. Oakland. .
WANTED— Boy about 16 years of age for of-
fice work; one who has had some experience.
Address In own handwriting, box 605. Call.
HARNESS cleaner who understands city and
drive, wages $50; 2 hoatlers, $50. PETERS'
Stable. 1314 Grove st
MAN wanted with $75; permanent plaoe that
-will pay $15 to $18 a week; no experience re-
quired. Apply 1016 Market St., room 10.
$76— PARTNER wanted In small restaurant;
clearing $80 month; no experience necessary.
496 Fourth st [
BOY wanted: 18 to 18 years old. WIENER &
MER2BACH. 105 Ban-ome St.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 1508 Kentucky st,
Potrero.
WANTEP-^A boy in confectionery. 1803 Oeary.
WANTED— A lunch waiter. 228 Battery st
A SOLICITOR wanted for Golden Gate Dye
Works. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
¦WANTED— A male dishwasher. Call 1005 Va-
lencia St. '
BOY to make himself useful. Apply 13 o'clock
at 128»4 O'FnrreU st .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d eta.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply at Jefferson
Hotel. Harbor View.
WANTED— Boy about 16 to work around store.
1207 Market St.; call 9 o'clock.
•WANTEP-A portar. Call at 17-1» Powell st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15o and
20c Boston House. 930 Howard st.
j"50-_T\VO-CHAIR shop. 434 Paclflo «t. l must
sell.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marino Corps, U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch In height: able to read, writo :uid
6peak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
street. Ban Francisco, Cal. .
WANTED— 2 experienced boys, between 16 and
18 years old, for peddling- : wages between $4 50
and $6 a week. Call at 663 Natoma St., In tha
morning up to 9 o'clock. ,
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento st.. near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY, Prop.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 117 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
-weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay at.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old, reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building;
pension vouchers executed. 25o; advice free.
TO LET— 2-chalr barber shop, furnished; es-
tablished S years; rent $12. Southeast cor-
ner Turk and Scott sts. ¦
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25o
to 50c. 562 MlsEion St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
EXPERIENCED errand boys, $3 week: etat»
age, experience and references. Box G65, CalL
BOY to deliver bread and assist In bakery;
German preferred. 1515 Devlsadero.
WANTED— Good man or woman to 6ell oil
stock. E. J. LUNDIN, 935 Market st
WANTED— A man to drive delivery wagon.
- Apply 1928 Howard St.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale. Corner Golden
Gate ave. and Hyde st; good location.;.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tul-
tlon at S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et.. near Mar^
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL, 605 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Horse and wagon; state price and
give capacity of wagon. Box 606, Call office.
$30— HANDSOME furnished cottage, 7 rooms;
ftable. 1845 Blake, cor. Grove. East Berkeley.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BUSH, 1224— Sunny houso of 8 rooms and bath;
rent $37 50, water free.
HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath; good order; fine
. - location. 1427 Post st. - . • ¦
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
MODERN, sunny house, completely furnished,
to rent for six months from January 1. Ap-
ply 11 to 2. 3022 Clay st.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotism in five lessons for ?5. 997 Market st.
INVALID CIIA1US AND TKICYCLKS.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
cbatr. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market at.
LOST AND POUXD.
LOST— In vicinity of Orpheum, Saturday night,
pocket book marked w. A. Worthlngton. Re-
turn to room 46, 4 Montgomery st., after Sun-
day. .
LOST— On Market St., Friday, lady's gold
- watch with Initials "B. N. R." Return to
room 203 Parrott building; reward.
LOST— Silk umbrella with gun metal handle
gold ring and Initials E. H. on handle. $10
reward : If returned to E. HAQUETTE. 18
Post st. Palace of Art
LOST— Gold watch, with Initials F. J. Y. on
fob. Finder please return 204- Pine st. ; reward.
LOST— Fox terrier; black and tan ears, black
spot on hip. 15S7 Market st; rewarJ.
LOST— Gold locket, buckle attached; set with
diamond, ruhy and sapphire; liberal reward.
. P. iJ. NEUMANN, care M. A, Gunst & CoTi
corner Bush and , Montgomery sts.
LOST— Black Chinese Chow dog; name "Nig-
ger"; very liberal reward. S57 Devlaadero St.
AND ASSAYING. "
CAPITAL wanted^^deveTop^a^alu-We^gold
quartz mine in California. For particulars
address Owner, box SLZ. c*"M yrrir^,
MEDICAL.
— — — o-DOVNELL, moved to 1018 Mar-
MRS. DR. VV^ETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs"
successful practice; guaranteed tteatment at
office. $5; any aliment; home «»5 »?"S n i_^g5
suit free. 943 Post st. bet. Hyde and Laritin.
vfn<3 rm vrkWL. 997 MARKET ST., corner
M H.ih^fe K and U re 9 ll_ble
treatment. $3; positive cure guaranteed when
others fall consult, free. MRS, PR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years" practice in to. *.. »
cure guaranteed: $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladles' spe-
cialist: eafe and sure cure. $5; best care, low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' specialist; home
for patients. £04 Eddy st ;
DR. POPPER'S treatment can be had for the
cure In his office at $3. 323 Kearny st.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
rulTlce free. 704 Sacramento St.. near. Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS fr'OU SAL-].
_s6lLElts7~Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
33 complete outfits on o_a floor, ready made;
we can snip everything in 24 hour*. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 illssioa «t.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BOOKS— Over 6000 second-hand book-, pam-
phlets, etc. estate of WM. WATSON, de-
ceased, 23 Telegraph ave.; offers wanted Im-
mediately by executor for same and business.
Apply DAVID MITCHELL, lawyer, 854 Broad-
way, Oakland.
BUT a brand now typewriter for $3 down and
$S Der month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California
st; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. "WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
$27 B0— FOR sale, a National mahogany cash,
register; almoct new; double-ender. Apply
413 Larkin st •
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ tc SON.
16 OTarrell at
5-HORSE Golden Gate gaa or gasoline engine.
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st
ONE-HORSE gas engine; can be seen worklns
at shirt store. 635 Valencia at
H. S. WHITE buys, sells and rents motors,
engines, mach'y, mining outfits. £16 Mission.
SECOND hand gasoline engines; all sizes.
NEWELL, 68 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Oo>
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maglo lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery it.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
¦VILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN BAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 123 Beaie.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD &. BRECK. 131 Post Bt.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sixes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-tll Market nt.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
"WANTED— A good strong aecond-hand trunk;
not less than 40 Inches; must be a bargain.
Box 566. Call office.
WANTED — Second-hand gas engine about 15
horsepower, in good condition. Address box
C45, Call offlce.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st ; tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market «t.
MO.MSV TO LOAS.
ANY amount en furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a Wholtf; R you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-63 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortases ................
.....Interest In Estates ..............
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market."
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will Io3«
I their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 908 Market st
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. &
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation lo&ns. chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
A— $300,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONB. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S48 Market
st. ; teL Main 1644. Branch 13 Third St.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc;
no removal, no commission; strictly confi-
dential. Rm. 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; t% undi-
vided lnts; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. S«8 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott bid.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate cr for building:
low rate. Home Bids Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st, room 1
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S F. Discount Acmcv. 143 Phelan bid.
¦ MUSICAL 1XSTUUMEXTS.
WE are offering the finest lines of good and'de-
elrable guitars, mandolins and banjos ever
ehown on the coast; they are of the cele-
brated "Resal" and "Ideal" brand and are
beauties; the prices are very reasonable and
you can buy on payments if you wish; noth-
ing finer lor a holiday present MAUVA1S
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
A GOOD article is the best "banrain" for .any
one to buy; when you buy a Decker Jt Son
or a Packard piano, you always get a»* "bar-
gain." as it will last a lifetime and please
everybody; we try to arrange payments to
suit your convenience, if possible, and take
pleasure In showing you the goods, even if
re M to iiffAc w &.ygjKf s n t° w - "*"•
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co 's with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege glyen to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase
• Beautiful new uprights sold for $3 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
#'FS a r A^' i 4 oJ? d ** P* 1 " "aonth. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago -
agent peerless Heine and Hallet & Davis
Boston's oldest and most famous piano, and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent alloweU
on purchase.
3 Heine uprights an
1 Mason & Hamlln joo
2 Stelnways 153
1 Chickering !.'..'.'.". 163
1 Marshal: & Wendell 63
1 Emerson 15
HEINE PIANO CO.. HI Geary st. ; open
evenings.
FINE list of slightly used pianos $123 up; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 15 CF-r-
rell st: Chickering agency: Symphonlon mu-
sic boxes; eheet music, etc.; open Saturday
evenings. -
FOR sale— Elegant upright piano, J pedals,
7 1-8 octave. $150; or rent for $3. 342 Kewrny.
A FINE new upright sacrificed on account of
<Uo-t_u_. MS V_n N««« av_."That lady missionary declines to go to
Kentucky."
"Why?"
"She says she'd feel Just as eaf o In
China and can pet more brlc-a-brac." — In
dianapolis Journal. ¦
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Sweetman, Indiana
F Adams. Vallejo
W J Sethu, Daggett
W Chalker, Presidio
J Patterson, Vallejo
J M Rose, Vallejc
C S Churds, Helena
W Baumgardner, Cal
F Baumgardnor, Cal
A Derneli & w, Cal
G E Cowell & w, Cal
Mrs D Bauchman, Cal
J H Sterling. Neb
•J F Evanston. & w.Neb
W Jones & w. Eureka
J Pearlman, Stockton
C Brown, Vallejo
A Mllraln. . Vallejo
F E Murphy. Sacto
J E Johnson. Cal
O Meyer, Cal
P Howe. Santa Cruj
Mrs J A Port. Ariz
R Stowell. Honolulu
R Canby, Seattle
E Hazelrlgg, Loulsvilla
J A Downey, Hastings
B Green, Boston
H Patterson, Indiana
PALACE HOTEL,
H C Melone, Berkeley
J T Harmea, Sausallto
O M~Purnell, Sacto
C B Shaver, Fresno
G M Knight, Boston
3JV Voorhees. N Y
p A Currin, London
Mrs Proctor. Petaluma
Mrs Stodrlard, Mich
A W Brown, N Y
R McCormlck, Berkly
\V Sherman, Berkeley
W C Rlley, Berkeley
A W Kelly, Berkeley
Mrs Gibson, St Paul
P H Short, Fresno
Mrs Short, Fresno
H C Hoover, China
Mrs Hoover, China
A Roger!!, USA
W H Bean, USA
J A Hull. USA
G Worcester, N Y
W Lauterbach, N Y
L Stein, N Y
W Thornton, IC Y
Mrs Clark. Redwood
Mies Feet. Redwood
L R Macy, Pasadena
C'apt Houclberg, Paris
A Alexander. Phila
A F Curtis, Phlla
J Glldersleeve, Stanfd
J H Yost. Stanford
C K Mallory, U 8 N
W H Ping, 8 Clara
Mrs Ping, S Clara
D Melone. Oakland
J H Ludwlg. N Y
N Hatch, N Y
E C Hopper, Ky
F J Balllee, Salt Lak«
W Healy, Topeka
F J Lauch, Topeka
C M Wood, Topeka
C A Tilles, St Louis
Mrs Tilles, St Louis
H L Harris. S Rafael
L B Winter, Chicago
S gf,?"^ S L Obispo
T Hill, Wawona
W Hill, Wawona
Mrs Smith, Portland
A W Barton. L Ang
W P Holt, Kansas Clt
GRAND HOTEL
L Prior, Sulsun
K Chapman & w, Cal
r> P Anderson & w Cal
W G Cords. Mazatlan
G Dunning, Oakland
G P Roberts, Stanford
C Schuckuhl, Pinole
E McDonald, Pinole
E Halton. S Jose
Mn Lombard & f, Cal
E WlKgins & w, Salem
M E Jones. Cal
B Henly Jr. Cal
B T Thompson, Cal
J F Sherbum. Sacto
J A Miller, AuMln
D Spencer, Salt Lake
A C Foster. Minn
M Wallace, Portland
J W Ryan, Humboldt
J H Pratt & w, N Y
R M Polndexter, L A
G M Griffith. L Ang
Miss Dennen. L Ang
G Andrews & w, Ptld
C Beckman & w. Or
W Tlllotson. Redding
E Cleary, Coallnga
W H Cannon, Coallnga
A C Prpeley, Cal
A Hannan, Mare Isld
G Walford, Vallejo
Max Levy, N Y
T R Hayes, Detroit
J M Feart & w. Cal
M D N Tolk, Cal
Mrs Yolk, Cal
A L Elliott, L Angr
G V Deal, Mich
C Storke. S Barbara
E Malnhart, Grass Val
P Tuskon, Crockett
A Tompklns & w, Ky
C II Wllklns. Chlco
L A Alexander, N Y
J H McLeod, S Rosa
F McCallum. Salinas
M Leonard, S Cruz
J B Watkins, Eureka
R L Reldy, Ohio
O Mllholm. Fresno
F Frederlckson, Fresno
G Succop, Fittsburg
F Anderson, Pittsburc
L Morosco, L Ang
J E Baxter, L Ang
G B Burnett. L Ang
J Seykora, S Andreas
Mrs Seykora, 8 Andrs
Li Rankln, Lakeport
H Wlendieck, Red Biff
T Spauldlng. Woodlnd
8 H Woodn, Spokane
C Schlveley, Orovllla
J J O'Ronne, Colusa
D Dort & w, Keswlck
E C Hart, Sacto
\V E Doan, Sacto
G H Cutter & w. Sac
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Joseph H. McKenzle to L. C. Helffel. lot on
east line of Buchanan street, 22:6 south from
1'lne, 22:6x62:6, $2900; A. H. Sonnemann to
John W. Schultz, lot on northeast corner of
Filbert and Baker streets, 25x72. $1500; Daniel
and Jeannette Roth to Adam Heumlsch, lot on
northwest corner of Baker and Hayes street,
6Cxl21:10',4. $25,000; John C. and Louise D.
Brickell to Nathaniel Blalsdell and Graclbel
W. Brickell, all Interest In lot on south line
of McAllister street, 131:3 west from Lyon,
25x137:6, $1000; John Coop and James W. Smith
to Frank V. and Daisy I. Denis, lot on .east
line of Cole street, 210 feet north from Fred
erick, 25x125, $2000; James D. and Grace Byrne
to Matthew I. Sullivan, ' lot on northeast cor
ner of Twentieth and Valencia streets, S0xl03,
$19,000; Bridget Downey to Chaxles J. Phlpps,
lot on east line of Harrison street, 182 feet
north from Twenty-fourth. 26x100, $1500; Sophie
P. Bowman to the Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society, lot on the southeast corner of Twenty
fifth and Bryant streets, 25x90, $500; Vincent
Bellman to Margaret Bellman. lot on the south
line of Twenty-third street, 64 feet east from
Chattanooga, 48x100, gift; Caroline Jackson
and Elizabeth Fleming to Gulseppe C. Vlschl,
lot on east line of Dupont street. 162:6 north
from Filbert, 25x62, $1600; Charles S. and Annie
T. LaumeiRter to Cella Clayburgh and Isaac
Poly, lot on east corner of Mission and Main
streets. 80x137:6. $38,OCO; Raphael and Augustina
Tardelll to William T. and Mary A. Baker, lot
on northwest line of Minna street, 125 feet
northeast from Sixth. 25x80, $5500; Harry H.
Young to Hannah Barry, lot on southwest line
of Morris avenue, 276 feet southeast from Har
rison street, 25x80, $2000; George F. Lyon to
Timothy and Ellen Callaghan, lot on south
line of Clement street, 32:6 east from Twenty
sixth avenue, 27:6x100, $2000; Joseph F. Nolan,
to Maud M. Nolan, properties on the north
line of Sacramento' street, west from Battery,
northeast corner Haight and Buchanan, north
east line of Eighth, northwest from Brannan,
northwest corner of Eighteenth and Hartford,
west line of Noe, north from Eighteenth, south
east corner of Fulton and Masonic, northwest
corner of Hayes and Masonic, southeast corner
ct Hayes and Ashbury, north line of Grove,
east from Ashbury. southwest corner of Fulton
and AFhhury. south : line of Grove, west
from Ashbury, southwest corner of ¦ Grove
and '. Clayton, east line of Cole, eouth
from Fulton, south Una of Fulton east from
Cole, south line of Grove, east from Cole, north
line of Fulton, west from Masonic, north lln«
of Fulton, west from Masonic, and east line of
Buchanan, north from Haight, $100,000; Philip
and Delia C. . McDonnell to > Adam Andrew,
northeast corner of Pine and Pierce, 25x7J:6,
$7500 W. M. and Evangellne M. Thompson to
Howard C Holmes, north line -of Green, 1ST:*
feet east from Devisadero. 32x137:6, $5000; Louis
and Katherlne Holz to Edward B. Swales, north
Miss Ida IT. Brown and Maud R. C. B.
Hayne with John G. Cook and W. L. Halman,
for all work except plumbing and gas fitting,
etc., and also for electric freight elevator for
a five-story and basement brick building on
the northeast line of Fremont, 183:4 southeast
from Market, $31,400; Mary J. and Clara Pres
ler with Hugh Keenan & Son, for a two-story
basement and attic frame building on the east
line of Alpine street, 125 feet north from Thir
teenth. $3700; Caroline H. Robinson with A. H.
Wilhelm. for a three-story frame building on
the northeast corner of Folsom and Dore
streets, $9S57.
The following transfers hav© been re
corded:
North line of Vallejo street, 73 feet east from
Flllmore. 32:6x137:6, $4480; north line of Ellis
street, 137:6 feet east from Oough, 27:6x137:6,
$6100. The brokers In each casa were Thomas
Magee & Sons.
J. G. and Jennie L. James have conveyed
to the J. G. James Company twenty par
cels of realty embracing properties on
Howard, Folsom, Shotwell, Eighteenth,
Carolina, Second avenue. Third avenue.
Fifth avenue and lots In the South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation tract. Bay Park Homestead tract.
University Mound* Survey, Butchertown,
tract and City Land Association tract.
The Probate Court has decreed the.par
tial distribution of the estate of Jane A.
Brickell. Under the decree the north
west corner of Larkin and Chestnut
streets; the northwest corner of Califor
nia street and Twenty-seventh avenue,
the northeast and northwest corners of
California street and Thirty-second ave
nue, tho northwest corner of Twenty
eixth avenue and Lake street, and prop
erty on San Jose avenue, Sixteenth street,
Twenty-llfth and Twenty-sixth avenuea,
Thirty-second avenue and also certain
mortgages and property in San Mateo
County are conveyed, to Henry S. Brick
ell.
Calvary Presbyterian Church has con
tracted with C. A. Warren for the grad
ing, excavating and crlbbingr for founda
tion wails, piers and retaining walls and
for basement and areas for a two-story
tenement frame building and also for ifce
church structure and chapel building on
the northwest corner of Flllmore and
Jackson streets, and also with M. Keat
lnga and J. Leonard, J. H. McKay, Wil
liam S. Snook & Son., David Mcwhirter
and W. W. Montague. These several con
tracts amount in total to $17,750. They
mark the beginning of one of the hand
somest church structures on the. Pacific
Coast. Z
The Sunset Telephone Company will
erect an $8000 building for its business in
Berkeley.
Tho heaviest loan of the week was $55,
000 by Benjamin F. Garratt to Henry D.
Morton on the property at the northwest
corner of Natoma and Fremont streets,
75x137:6, at 6 per cent. The other loans
of considerable amount were: Daniel
Roth to Adam Heunisclir $21,500, at 6 per
cent, on the northwest corner of Baker
and Hayes streets; Hlbernla Savings and
Loan. Society to Matthew I. Sullivan, $14,
500, at ,6 per cent, on the northeast cor
ner of Valencia and Twentieth streets;
James N. and Ellen Powell have given a
deed of trust to the Mercantile Trust
Company, trustees of the San Francisco
Savings Union, to property 25x100 on the
south line of Oak street, near • Shrader,
and 50x20 on the southeast line df Minna
street, northeast from Ninth. The largest
release of the week was for $35,000, from
Winfleld S. Jones and James Otis, trus
tees, to Isaao Harris, of the northwest
corner of Grove street and Van Ness ave
nue.
Building contracts of a week Include
the following-:
A. M. Speck & Co. report several trans
actions to be as good as closed. One of
these involves a $50,000 property.
The west corner of F^lret and Natoma
streets, 38x50, haa been sold by Mary B.,
Margaret E. and William F. Feehan,
Teresa Brooks, John J. Feehan and John
H. and Anna B. Sohutt to Joseph Black,
and also property on the southwest line of
First street, 38 feet northwest from Na
toma, northwest 37, southwest 96, south
east 75, northeast 45, northwest 88, north
east 50. The amount paid for the two
properties Is about $43,000.
Thomas Magee & Sons report the sale
of property on the' southeast corner. of
Sutter and Buchanan streets, 137:6 feet" on
Sutter street by 67:6 on Buchanan, with
six two-story houses thereon, for $25,000.
The seller is Baron von Balvaren and the
purchaser Lena Du Mouriez. The same
firm has sold 25x85, the northwest corner
of Larkin and Eddy streets, with a-two
story and basement store under lease as
a grocery, for $25,000. The seller is J. G.
Deming and the purchaser Mrs. Catherine
LtavitL M ,.
Another lease of considerable Impor
tance Is reported. The property is at the
southeast corner of Sacramento and
Leidesdorff streets and Is owned by E. J.
Bothin. The lease runs for five years to
the Illinois Glass Company. The amount
to be paid for th© term is $35,000./ The
building- --will be renovated thoroughly.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntagr ar© the brokers
through whom the business was trans
acted.
David Buah & Son have been -oiling
country property— three tracts in the San
Martin ranch, aanta Clara County. The
buyers, tracts and the prices ere: "W. S.
Miller, ten acres at $100 • per acre; M.
O'Ryan, twelve acres at $100 per acre, and
Thomas Neary, ten acres at $100 per acre.
George M. Wilcox reports the sale of a
50-vara lot at the southeast corner oC
Green and Stelner streets from the Joseph
Wood estate to J. A- and F. R. DrlnR
house for $8250. The purchasers will erect
eight large modern flats and two modern
ten-room houses on the property.
O. C. Baldwin, who has been with G.
H. Umbsm & Co., has severed his con
nection with that concern and will open
an office In connection with Q, A. Ray
mond at 138 Montgomery strc-et.
Sales have been made indicative of val
ues as follows:
The ' Thanksgiving holiday interfered
with the general volume of business in
realty. Several sales that were about to
be closed have, gone over for a few days.
The outlook lias not been so bright in
years as it is now. All the brokers are
cheerful and expectant and owners of eli
pible properties are in a happy frame of
mind.
Weather Report.
line of Hayes, 100 feet east from Central ave
nue. 25:4V*xl37:6;»6000; William O. Trevlvecfc
to Isaac Ellaser, west line of Cole. 150 feet
north from Fell, 25xlO3:lVk, $3000: Isaac and
Emily Eliaser to James N. and Ellen rowell,
south line of Oak, 37:6 feet west from Shra
<}er. 25x100, $9500; German Savings and Loan
Society to Hattle E. Swain, lot 19, block 2,
Marlon Tract, $5000; W. P. and May B. Pratt
to Michael and Annie B. Cooper, • west line or
Guerrero, 110:6 feet north from Twenty-sev
enth, 25x100. $1500; Thomas McDonough to
Frederick W. Reich, east line of Julian ave
nue, 155 feet north from Sixteenth. 60x84, $4000;
John Swett to Sarah Borland, east line of Tay
lor. 110 feet south from Pacific. 187:6jt7x10x37x
147:8x30, $5500; J. W. Wisslnger to Margaret
Richardson, northeast corner of Hyde and
Greenwich, 5«:6x28. $1000; P. N. and Ida Eisen
berg to Thomas Shields, northwest line of Min
na, 200 feet northeast from Second. 80x25. $5500;
Joseph B. and Mabel Corryell to Seattle Brew-
Ing and Malting Company, east line of Ver
mont, ' 250 feet north from Alameda, 100x90.
$5000: Adolfo de Urioste to J. W. Wright &
Sons* Investment Company, northwest corner
of Twenty-ninth avenue and K street. 240x
600. and northeast corner of O street and Twen
ty-sixth avenue. 120x600. $4000: F. P. Deering.
as executor of the estate of Frances L. Wilson,
to Anna R. Hencke, property on the east line
of Btelner, 75 feet south from Post, 25x91:6,
$8500.
Mortgages put on record late Friday are
as follows:'
Lena A. Demourlea to the Humboldt Savings
and Loan Society, southeast corner Sutter and
Buchanan streets. 87:6x137:8. $20,000, for two
years at S per cent; John O. Reis to Samuel
Davie, properties on Kentucky. Twentieth, Si
erra, and Page streets. $40,000, for one year at T
per. cent; Davis also released to Rels prop
erty on Kentucky and the southeast corner of
Napa and Tennessee for $30,000.
W. R. Myers will build a one and a half
itory structure on the west line of First avenue,
217:6 feet south from the Presidio reservation,
to coat $2700.
B. M. Gunn A Co. report the purchase for
the Paciflo States Telephone and Telegraph
Company of the property on the west line of
New Montgomery street, extending from Minna
to Natoma. Part of the property -wm bought
from the Sharon estate for $75,000. The re
mainder was purchased from smaller owners
for an additional $25,000. The frontages art
160 feet on New Montgomery and 165 on Natoma
and Minna. Upon this property the telephone
company will erect a large building- 150x90,
fronting on New Montgomery street as a four
story, structure, but arranged to have four
stories added later; also a three-story structure
In the rear of the main buHdlng for factory
use. The larger building will be for a branch
exchange, for storage and for other uses. The
coet of the buildings Is estimated to approxi
mate $100,000.
H. E. Law will erect three two-story frame
buildings on the south line of Green street.- 60
feet east from Van Ness avenue, to cost $3200.
Oscar Heyman reports the sale of a lot 25x100
on the west line of Hoffman avenue, 51:8 north
from Alvarado etreet, for $800; also lot on the
east line of Andover avenue, 150 feet south
from Crescent avenue. He Is also building a
four-room cottage on the east line of Crescent
avenue.
Baldwin & Howell report the sale of the
southwest corner of Fremont and Folsom
streets lor "W. W. Dixon to «T. Moynahan for
$36,000. The lot fronts 100 feet on Folsom and
87:6 on Fremont.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction properties
on Monday, December 10.
A public sale will be held by CofCey, Hughes
& Co. iiext Wednesday.
POLICE SEIZE
FOOD AT DAWSON
Four Prominent Merohanta
Are Placed Under
Arrest.
Plead Ignorance of the Condition of
the Articles Offered for Sale
and Are Dis
missed.
Special Dispatch to The CatL
TACOMA. Dec. 2.— Four Dawson mer
chants were arrested two weeks ago
charged with selling impure foods. The
arrests were made without warning and
caused great astonishment.' The police
followed up this action by seizin? and de
stroying seventy-five. tons of butter, bacon
and hams and several tons of other eat
ables. Investigation showed that nearly
all of the goods seized were sold two
months ago for dog food by the Alaska
Commercial Company. Speculators then
obtained possession of the condemned
goods and they were soon placed in the
regular channels of trade. The merchants
offering them for sale were very severely
arraigned in the Dawson Police Court.
They pleaded ignorance of the fact that
the condemned food was in such bad con
dition, and were finally dismissed without
being fined. They were notified, however,
that severe penalties would be inflicted In
the event of a reoccurrence of the of
fense.
The Dawson police authorities ar« now
more strict than ever before as regards
the quality of food sold in the Klondike
metropolis. Police inspectors frequently
visit the stores, and any -complaint made
is swiftly followed up. This plan was
adopted last winter, when 800 tons of
spoiled beef were seized and confiscated at
one time.
Excellent mining reports have come
from Alaska. The richest quartz ledge
ever found In the Atlln district has been
uncovered In the Gleaner group, on Taku
arm. David von Cramer has reached
Skaguay with samples of the ore, !n which
free gold la plentiful. He says the ledge
•is eighteen feet wide and that It contains
a streak«of wonderfully rich ore. Two and
a half ounces from this streak pounded In
a mortar yielded $1 60 in gold. The own
ers declare that a half-ton of picked ore
will yield over $12,000.
A. G. Preston of White Horse brings
news that the number of men at work In
the copper mines there has been doubled
since the completion of the White Pass
Railroad to White Horse. The ore of the
district Is veryrich and there seems to be
no end to It. The .belt bo far discovered Is
about fourteen miles long by two miles
wide, and equally rich ore Is found in all
parts of the belt. The assays run as high
as 72 per cent copper, $20 in gold and 14 to
15 ounces In silver. Several mines. In
cluding the Copper Klngr and "War Eagle,
will ship ore this winter, sending It by
sleighs to the railroad.
A letter from Cook Inlet -states that the
richest placers known in the district were
found last month. Jack Button took from
his Canyon Creek claim gravel giving $40
per pan. The men working a lay on Lknox
Creek cut through a bar averaging $20 per
day per man. In two weeks they took out
about $1500 worth of gold. Two weeks ago
mining operations In the district were
suspended for the winter. A rich strike
has been made on the Monte -Carlo. Index
district. Washington. At a- depth of 320
feet the tunnel encountered a vein of gray
copper yielding values of nearly $100 per
ton in gold and silver.
Gompers Goes to Louisville.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.-Pres!dent Sam
uel Gompers of the American Federation
of Labor left to-night for Louisville. Ky..
to attend the twentieth annual convention
of the federation, which, he says, will be
the largest and most representative meet-
Ing ever held by that body. Accompany
ing him were Messrs. Peter Curran and
John "Weir, fraternal delegates from the
British Trades Union Congrress.
Review of the Conditions and Some of the
Sales During the Past Week.
MOVEMENT OF REAL ESTATE
IN AND ABOUT SAN FRANCISCO
* (120 Meridian— Paciflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 2—5 p. m.
The following ' are the seasonal rainfalls to
dato as compared with those of the same data
last season, and rainfalls in the last 24 hours:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
E8; minimum, 48; mean, S3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly ever the
northern half of the Paciflo Coast, and has
risen slowly over the southern half. An area
of high pressure overlies the country west of
the Rocky Mountains.
Rain- Is falling: over Washington and North
ern Oregon.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains, except In the northern portion of
the Sacramento Valley, where there has been a
rapid fall.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, December 3. 1900:
Northern California — Fair Monday; light
northerly changing to southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday,
with increasing cloudiness In the afternoon;
light northerly changing to southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY' DECEMBER 3, 1900.
9
Last This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka „ 14.9S 20.33
Red Bluff 6.69 7.13
3acramento 6.70 7.10
San Francisco - 6.83 7.71
Fresno 4.88 8.52
(ndependenco 2.14 1.22
San Luis Oblspo 8.66 5.8S
Lor Angeles 1.79 2.60
San Diego 1.70 1.28
STATIONS.
Last This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka „ 14.9S 20.33
Red Bluff 6.69 7.13
3acramento 6.70 7.10
San Francisco - 6.83 7.71
Fresno 4.88 8.52
(ndependenco 2.14 1.22
San Luis Oblspo 8.66 5.8S
Lor Angeles 1.79 2.60
San Diego 1.70 1.28
STATIONS.
REAL. ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
OWNERS o; property in the Potrero that wish
*?ree e t VH C K n !£ J V GlJNN ' & ™ CaKa U
street. S. )• . Savings Lnion building.
IF you have rroperiy nor;h cf the Park and
»^^£state^oux^^Z1^1mI
RAI>% * CH * r Orinda Park. C^ntra^CMta^rviTTir
tr: 10 miles from Oakland; 125acre?^O^-rei
ready for plowing; atnal orcnart*" bala^ci
?l 1 *. a . n<J «"*<*anr« list-more than
>. P. EICKELS. the Land_Agent. 6 Geary ft
FOR sale-In Santa Clara VaTliy7~ir icres
M Art££ G ? IFFIX - ™ M^ket Et.. sells and
-I!!Z!L "*• r pro ** rt y- Printed lists.
REAL ESTATE TO E1CHAXGE.
FOR exchange-Only 2 WoTkTfrora University
jtro-unds; an ideal boaraimt-houM of 18 rooms
lr«it or ? uchly poo<5 condition; xvill exchange
Fov y *. x, c r°^ n ' 5S5?**- Apply to MA -
n Ph. ,* M cLENATHEN. adjoining P. O
Berkeley gtatlon. '
NEW -x)ttaee C rms.. bath; lot 60x100; Mission;
¦_re-it«l terms: and vacant lots 413 K»»-ny n.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
.ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
1 *^~ XEn ' cottage of S roorn^: lot 45x120." New
icotlage C room*. f24-W; term*. N>w house S
• rooms. «3S90. j
If you want to build, buy. sell or exchange !
property rail on J. H. YOUNG. !?« Park St. j
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS j
_;__ BEnKELEY REAL ESTATE.
K»-HA.VDSOME furnished cottage. 7 rooms; !
fr.ali.e :mj Bicke ft., cor. Grov». l;. Berkeley, j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1U8 BROADWAY.
_ OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J35C0. ~~ W5noT~' fSSOfc
NEW MODERN HOUSE.
Lot Six\Zi feet.
TELEGRAPH AVE.
Fcr permission to Inspect premisses apply
A. J. tfNYDER A CO,
467 Xtnth et.. Oakland.
FI.EGANT lots sacrificed. 11500: cost $3000: 119x
Zb*: front* Fruitvale ave. Cost JW; 6^x |
1*0; adjoins Fruitvale ave. LAYMANCB
r.EAL ESTATE CO.. 4CT-«c; 8th Ft.. Oakland. ;
J'ATI.NG chicken buflnefs; chance for a ijulck i
fslg. E. E. El'NCE. *ZZ Broadway. Oakland.
OJUOUUrD BOUSES TO LET.
COCO houses. Get list from OEO. XV. AUS-
TIN' <fc ro . ions nroadTray. Oakland.
OAKLAND FUIMTLIILJ KOll SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
¦ furnltare «1y&'.er. Hth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
' ELLIS. U^T— Nicely furnished aleov* room with
-". nate and running waKr; housekeeping.
LIJZAEETH. 12. near Guerrero — Fine furnished
' ¦ rooms for housekeeping; rent $15.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. d— Sunny euite 3 room?,
'.: clear; hot & cold wwt; yard, laundry, etc.
JAi'K.-ON. S24 — 2 funny unfurnished hg«nirat
. : rooms; bousekfepinp: water free; *-". 50.
¦ MARKET, nr. Mason.— Large room ani kit-
chen, folding bed. gas, $10. Ca'.I HI K?arny st.
illNNA. 2S — Ni<:« Funny furnished front, house-
k<»ep{njr roornt; Toe and $1 per week.
• OAK. IIS — 1 *unny room; furnished for house-
keeping; ran^e; closet; running water: $S.
CCTAVIA. 14'3, corner Geary— Large bay win-
dow; mantel; sun sill day; 1, J10; 2. |12.
OTARRELL. T«-2 nicely furnished rear
• . rocms. complete for housekeeping; cas. bath,
phone: ill.
. SANCHEZ. 306. near Market— 2 or S elegantly
furnished rooms tor housekeeping; all mod- I
«*m improvements.
¦ TVP.K, "7— Large sunny room for a couple; j
Ft eve; tie a month.
• — i — — — — — -— .^_— _____ — . — _
• VALENCIA. 1232— Lovely Funny alcove room; '
:•»:.; housekeeping; pas and bath. j
A M'.ANi'h office for Call advertisements and
e'Jbscr'.pt«ons has been established at 109C
.¦ Valencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ana subscriptions
r»cp:ved at Call branch offlce. M f>0 Fillmore st.
M.OOM- TO LCI Kara. -«itl L'nfarn.
A— BBUKSWXCK Ho-uee, 148 Sixth— Rooms 2£c
• to tl per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
. . housekeeping; cpen all night.
UUr.NETT. 1VX Market (old No! 1264)— Fur-
:..-!.•-! rma., auitee. c.r.ple; also unfurnished.
EVSH. tM <Tfce Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rm«; day. _Lc up: wk, $1 50 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
CALIFORNIA. 1C22— Unfurnished parlor floor,
3 rocms and small kitchen; adults.
CLIFFORD, SN Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny room?; prices reasonable.
! ELLIS. 725 — Newly furnished room In German
family: suitable for rentlemaji; $5 per month. >
GEART. 405 'The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rma; suites or Bingle;tra\'elers accommodated. ,
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission eta.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
einple; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRIET, 4\ off Howard— A email furnished
front room for rer.t cheap.
LAS PALMAB. 1S20 Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
rnis. ; private; bath; eln. rms; board optional.
MARKET. 1CSS, above shoe shea-Clean eunny
rooms, double and f Ingle; command eee them.
McCLELLAND. WO Turk st.— Changed hands;
newly renovated; all rooms facing either
Trrk cr Jones et. : rent reasonable.
MINNA, 8C7, corner Eighth— New furnished
tiay-wirrfow r<x>m, $1 i<-r week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished roorce. $2 a week up; S3c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; «levator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
r.OVAL Hcu*e. 126 EHis St.— Incandescent light;
wadinc-room. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms. p«r night, 35c to SI t0; week, S2 to
1$; month. y> to IDG; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; bathe.
p.OFEDALE House. Sl» and 221 Ellis st.— Rooms,
rright toe to tl. week tl £5 to tt; open night.
FHERMAN Apartment House. 18 Eighth ¦_,
¦ near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
FIXTH. USA— Sunny rooms, double and tingle;
. gas. fireplaces, running water.
¦ CIXTH. 126— Furnished suite of rocms, suitable
for business; privilege of light housekeeping.
j EIJTTER. 717. rear Taylor— Sunny, choice, rea-
• ' sonabie; appreciate If seen; $11. please lnves-
. tlgate.
TURK, 12&— Front, sunny funtished room, suit-
able fcr one or two gentlemen.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch offlce. £200 Fiilmore st.
• A I3RATCCII offlce for Call advertisements and
... subscriptions has been established at 109(
• • Valencia gt. ____*'!
ROOMS AXO BOARD.
fcELECT lun'.ly hotel; new Interior; three ep«-
¦ : .clal dinners weekly: rates to establish. 807
: California tt.
TINE 9^5. near Taylor— Newly furnished room;,
hot and cold water; board optional; private.
BOARD and rocms at 415 First St.. near Har-
rircn.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since July L 1899:
Irene Valdez age S years; Laretto Duran. T,
: Madeline Dyran. 6; Ray Croal. 8.
1'AD tenants «Jected for ffj collections made;
• Ity c.r country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO., j
4U, Montgomery «t.. room;' *-10: tel. 5aSP. j
tEWIXC MACHINES ASM SUri'LI—S. I
ALL kinds bought, told, rented, exchanged; re-
' ; r.alring lowest rates; open even. 205 Fpurtn.
DOOOBT. fold, rented, repaired; needles and
«hattles; reduced rate*. 145 <th; phone Mint 5.
;M:l kinds bought, f-old and repairing guaran-
... t^d Ch-r>» Plambcck. 1915 Mission, nr. IStn.
¦STORAGE A.-TD WAREHOUSES.
i nEK7NTvTn~anT sitoragTci^^
. tel. Main 1840; -hipping at cut rates.
: V. ILBON BROS., storage and moving; covered
¦ vfcna. Tenth and Market; phone South '62-
. »"ACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
¦l*ny. C» FlUmoro et; phone Jackeoa 28L
. | _ _ _- SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
display; very cheap. 1167 Market.bet. 7th & Sth.
TY*'K\VniTKns AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPE WRITE J?S^W«>
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 26A.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for pricea to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~~
ODDFEU^WS' Savings Bank, room 7. 240
Montgomery »t.— Dividend No. 17 In liquida-
tion, being two and three-eighths (2H) per
cent on all deposits, will be .payable at Bald
bank on and after TUESDAY. November 20,
l?0<>; total amount of dividends declared In
liquidation, eighty-nine and seven eighths
(E&Tfc) per cent.
JAMES BENSON, Secretary.
Ban Francisco, November 19, 1900.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 22 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Co.. will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market et.. on and after Mon-
day, December 10. 1S00. Transfer book* will
close on Tuesday, December 4, 1900, at S
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend, No. 24, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal etock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 430
California St., San Francisco, on December
10. 1300. Transfer books close December 8.
i;>M. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for muslin— Depo7~Qua7terma7-
ter's Office. 3? New Montgomery ft.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. December 3. 19t»— Sealed propo-
| sals, in triplicate, will be received at this of-
! fiee until 31 o'clock a. m.. Friday, December
14. 1900. airf then opened, for furnishing 27,-WO
yards muslin. Preference will be given to ar-
| tides of domestic production and manufae-
[ ture. conditions of price and quality being
i equal (including In the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
and euch preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent of
the consumption required by the public serv-
ice there. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
: or any part thereof. Information and blanks
fnr proposals will b« furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be In-
dorsed: "Proposals No. 1*1143" and addressed
to MAJOR, OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster.
U. S. Vols., Depot Quartermaster.
BIT'S WANTED— Notice is hereby given that
reeled proposals will be received by the Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. Z70 Sansome st
San Francisco. Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a_ m"'
SATURDAY. December 8, 1S00, and opened
Immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville). Tor six months commencing
Janury 1. 1901. and ending June SO, 1901 Sched-
ules with Information and Instructions for
j submitting bids will be furnished upon apnll
I cation by the undersigned. Bidders will care
1 : fully follow the conditions of the schedules"
| and no bid will be considered unless. It Is lii
, accordance with such schedules. Each bidder
must accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bank
ing house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C Mason
Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
•will enter into a good and valid contract upon
. notice of acceptance as required by law The
board reserves the right to reject any "or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
th«» amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretarv Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
lornla. room 13. 820 Sansome st. Ban Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrec-
tors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
I BIRTHS — MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
I Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
I mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
i In at either of the publication offices and be
. i indorsed wi'h the name and residence of per-
; j eons authorUeil to have the same published.
BORN.
EMMOXS— In this city. November 30, 1900, to
I I the wife of J. E. Emmons, a son.
¦ | PATT1SON— In this city, December 2. 1900, to
the wife of George Pattlson, a son.
• I ROUN'TREE— In Oakland. December 1. 1900 to
J the wife of Walter B. P.ountree, a son.
. SIDLOWFKI-In this city. November SO, 1900
. to the wife of Aaron Sldlowskl. a son.
? DIED.
Ames. George H. McMahon. Cornelius
T>arnweII Tweet T. Mendell, Clarence
. I Benson, Edward Moore, William
Berry, James E. Nolan. James *
B«versen, Henry Pike. W. F.
Bither. Albert P. Planting. Frederika.
Black. Robert McG. Reardon. Margaret
Conklin, Philip A. * rtowan, Maria
Day, Thomas H. Ruiz, Jose M.
Dilges, Catherine Scott. Mrs. Hattle C.
Dispaux, Elizabeth T. Shaver, Jacob
Dorey. Chester S. Sharkey, Patrick
Gage. John W. Tice. Eben P.
Hansen, Lizzie Webb, Richard
Harris, Solomon Wind, Peter
Hlavin. Frank Wuhleid. Charles
AMES— In Alameda. December 2, 1900, George
'¦ Henry Ames, a native of Maine, aged 76 years
and 2 months.
BARXWEUi-ln this city, November C9, 1900,
! Tweet Tallyrande Barnwell, beloved eon of
; Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Barnwell, and brother of
Abe. Humboldt. Bradlaugh and Edna Barn-
well, a native of Hydesville. Humboldt Coun--
ty. Cal.. aged 15 years and 28 days.
E7"Kr!ends and acquaintances axe rcspect-
. fully lnviu-d to attend the funeral, which will
take place this day (Monday), at Cypress
Lawn Otmetcry. Take 11:30 o'clock train at
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
BENSON— In this city. December 1, 1&00. Ed-
ward Benson, beloved uncle of Charles John-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 12 years 3
months and 14 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
between Third and Fourth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BERRY— In this city, December 1. 1900, James
Edwin Berry, beloved husband of Mary J.
Herry, and father of Mr». Grace Wlngate and
Ruth. Calvin and Clarence F. Berry, a native
of Unity, W aldo County. Maine, aged 62
years 1 month and 2S days.
CTTrienas are respectfully Invited to at-
tend funeral services this day (Monday), at
2 o'clock, at First Presbyterian Church. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BEVERSEN— In this city, December 2, 1900,
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Sarah Bev-
ersen, and brother of Martin Bevenen and
the late Claus, Christopher and Carson Bev-
erren, Mrs. Claus Diers and Mrs. H. Brede-
h<^ft. a native of Lintig, Amt Lehe, Hanover,
Germany, aged 51 years and 7 months. A
member of Friendship Lodge No. 179, A. O.
U. V*. (New York City and Green Point,
Brooklyn. N. Y.. papers please copy.)
C7"Notic« of funeral hereafter.
BITHER— In this city. December 1. WOO. Albert
Paul, Infant son of Frederick L. and Sadie
Bither, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 5 montha and 21 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this flay
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 243'J Harriet street. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery-
BLACK— In this city. December 2. 1900, Robert
McGee, beloved liusband of Caroline V. Black,
and father of Francis Morris Black. Mrs.
Frank Norris of New Tork and Edna Storror
Black, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
CyFuneral sen-Ices will be held to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1324 Octavia street, corner Geary- In-
terment private. Kindly omit flowers.
CONKLIN— In Manila, P. I.. October 19, 1900,
Philip A. Conklin, beloved son of W. M.
Conklin, brother of Maurice B. Conklin, and
nephew of Frank and Kate Conklin. a native
of New York, aged 26 years and 6 months.
C7Funeral will take place to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 9 o'clock, from his late residence, 3S5
Golden Gate avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be offered for the repose of his soul, begin-
ning at 9:20 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
DAY— In Alameda, December 1, 1900, Thomas
Henry Day. beloved husband of Helen B.
I>ay. a native of England, aged S3 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from James Fowler's undei taking
parlor. 1524 Park street. Alameda.
DILGES— In this city, December 1. 1900, Cath-
erine Dilges, beloved wife of the late Jacob
Dllges, beloved mother of Mrs. Gus Buchholz,
Mrs. C. Schwebs and Henry Dilges. and
grandmother of Frida and Elsie Buchholz
and May Neuman, a native of Kirchgeus.
Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany, aged 63 years 3
months and 23 days. (New York papers please
copy. )
([./"Friends and acquaintances and members
of St. Markus Frauen Verein are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks, 837 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
DISPAUX— In this city, December 2, 1900,
Elizabeth T. Ditpaux (ne« Fennell), dearly
beloved wife of John T. Dispaux. and beloved
j HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
i (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
i DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Ti and 2» Fifth st. Tel. South 1*7.".
IUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EKBALMEB1.
• Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
McflVOY A CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
123* Market »t.. between Sth and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. ¦ ¦
daughter of Anne and the late Martin Fen-
nell, and sister of John, Martin, Annie, James
8. and William P. Fennell, Mrs. ¦ M. T. Zleg-
ler and Mrs. E. W. Fuller, a native of Ban
Francisoo, aged 34 years. (Honolulu papers
please copy.)
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to ottend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 65 Julian avenue, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth streets, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, Sixteenth and Do-
lores streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the- repose of her soul, eom-
mencing at I o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemerery.
DOREY— In this city. December 1. 1800, Chester,
Stevens, beloved and younger son of Alfred
O. and Leonora Dorey, and brother of Ray-
mond A. Dorey, a native of S«un Francisco,
aged S years 8 months and 7 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the home of
his parents, 1968 Green street, between Bu-
chanan and 'Webster. Interment private.
QAGEJ— In Berkeley, December 2, 1900. John
William, beloved husband of Mrs. Annie E.
Gage, a native of Sandy Point, Maine, atfed
66 years.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HARRIS— In this city. December 2. 1900. Solo-
mon Harris, beloved husbend of the late
Fannlo Harris, and father of Mrs. T. Buch,
Mrs. C. Ward. Sarah, Pauline. Gust&ve, Sam-
uel, Henry and Joseph Harris, a native of
Koenlg, Germany, aged 68 years. A member
of Pacific Lodge No. 165, I. O. O. F.
tC7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2:16 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Market and Seventh streets,
where funeral services will be held, under the
auspices of Pacific Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. F.
Intei-m^nt Salem Cemetery, by; train leaving
Third and Townsend streets, at 3:80 o'clock.
Remain? at the parlors of H. P. Petersen &
Oo.. 22S McAllister street.
HAXSEN— In this city. December 1, 1900, Liz-
zie, dearly beloved sister of Mrs. George Mc-
Govern and Mrs. Richard Doeprmer. a native
of San Francisco.
HLAVIN— In this city, December 1, 1900, Frank,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Hlavin. and
father of Frank, Louis, Mary and Emma
Hlavin. a native of Austria, aged 62 years
and 9 months.
(CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, tnence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery for cre-
mation.
McMAHON— In this city, November 30. 1900,
Cornelius, beloved eon of Felix and Mary Mc-
Mahon, brother of Charlotte and John Me-
Mahon, and nephew of Mrs. N. Hern and
John William and Nell Dougherty, a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 12 years and 4 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
? Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 2S11 Post street, between Lyon
street and Central avenue, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church for services, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment private at Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MKNDELL— Tn this city, December 1, 1900.
Clarence Mendell, youngest son of Colonel G.
H. Mendell and Ellen Adalr Mendell, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years 1 month and
22 days.
BCT Services and Interment private.
MOORB-In tills city. November 80, 1900, Wll-
llnm Moore, an ex-Union soldier, aged 63
years.
£7 Friends and acquaintance* and comrades
of Lincoln Poet No. 1, G. A. R-, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dav
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street. In-
terment National Cemetery.
NOLAN— In Napa State Asylum, November 29,
l$»0, James Nolan, a native of the parish of
Athemy, County Gal way. Ireland, aged C6
years.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. P. flodfau, 306 Montgomery avenue, thence
to St. Francis Church, where a high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
Foul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIKE— In this city, December 2, 1900." TV. F..
beloved husband of Sarah Pike, and father
of John, Belle. Frank, Bddle. Clarence, Harry
and Charles Pike, a native of Morrlstown, N.
J., aged 53 years and 3 months.
PLANTING— In Fruitvale. December 2. 1900,
Frederika W. Planting-, mother of Mrs. P.
E. Hultqulst, and grandmother of Margaret
Hedman, a native of Gamla Karleby, Finn-
land, aged 75 years nnd 8 months.
HEARno.S'- In this city. December 2. 1900,
Margaret, beloved wife of the late John Rear-
don, and mother of John and Daniel Reardon.
Mrs. N. D. Collins, Mrs. Maggie Cteterdahl.
Mrs. It. Hughes and the late Mrs. T. J.
Hughes, a native of County Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 62 years 11 months and 2 days.
ROWAN— In this city, December 1, 1900, Maria,
beloved daughter of the late Patrick J. and
Maria J. Rowan, and sister of John P.. Ethel
J. and Cecelia K. Rowan, and niece of B.
McDermott and Mary Rowan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 years and 5 months.
CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lots of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
Etreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUIZ— Entered IntoJfcst. In this city, Decem-
ber 2, 1900. Jose Mima Rulr, husband of Vic-
toria Alcayaga. Ruiz, «nd father of Mercedes,
Josephine R., Arthur. Daniel. Richard.
Charles Para and Aloyslus Ruiz, a native of
Lambayaque, Peru, aged 47 years.
ECOTT— In Lucerne, Switzerland, December 2,
1S00, Mrs. Hattle C. Scott, beloved wife of.
Mr. James Scott of San Francisoo.
SHAVER-In San Rafael. December 2. 1900,
Jacob, beloved brother of tho late Aaron Sha-
ver, aged 76 years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence «jf
Mrs. Aaron Shaver. Interment Mount Tamal-
pais Cemetery.
SHARKBY— In Oakland. December 2. 1900, Pat-
rick Sharkey, beloved husband of Elizabeth
Sharkey, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
C7" Friends and aenuaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9. o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 411 Forty-fifth street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will bs
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing: at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
TICE— In this city, Eben P.. beloved husband
of Mary B. Tice. and son of Henry M. and
Mary K. Tice, a native of California, aged
3!> years 11 months and 2 days.
WEBB— In this city, December 2, 1900, Rich-
ard, the beloved husband of Jane Webb, and
father of Richard H. Webb, Mrs. Joseph Ger-
rans and William Webb, and grandfather of
Joseph R. and Minnie J. Gerrans and William
Webb, a native of England, aged 74 years 6
months and 12 days.
WIND— In this city, November SO, 1900. Peter
Wind, aged 60 years.
WUHLEID— In the City and County Hospital,
December 2, 1900, Charles Wuhleid, a native
of Switzerland, aged 62 years.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITKW TOBX. BOtJTHAMPTOH. L0KS09. FAJUa.
8toppin» at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 19 a. m.
St. Louis Deo. 5 St. Louis Dec. IB
New York Dec It New York Jan. J
Bouthwark Dec. 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, U noon.
Noordland Dec 61 Westernland ...Dec. 2«
Frlesland Dec 1J Ken»?ngton Jan. ;
gouthwark Dec. 19l
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery st. Or any of its agents.
occaBics.s.eo. s^-s
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday. December !, J p. m.
6S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday. December 4, 4 p.m.
ES. .SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
' Zealand and Australia *
Wednesday, December 12. 9 p. m.
J. D.SPREC1ELS k BROS. CO..' Bineral Agents. 327 Hartal St
Gen'l Pasanger Offies, 643 Market St., Piar la. 7, Pacific St
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBsT"
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Mentloelle,**
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thura. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.; i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 80c
BA1XB0AP TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
T_»E3SSE3HJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11:35. 3:30.
6:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:3)
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. S:JO. 1:00.
<:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:50, »:», 11:10 a. ro.: U:43.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 1:13 p. m. r
SUNDAYS— 8:10. s:40. u:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40. 1:03.
8:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park.
same schedule- as above.
Leavt I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco, f Nor. 7, 1900. I Ban Francisco.
Week j Sun- I . J Bun- I Week
Days, f days. [ Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am S:40am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, <:05 pm 10:23 am
i:10 pm 6:00 pm Bant* Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:21 pm
Fulton. -
T:80 am Windsor. 10:15 am
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Oyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:09 am Cloverdale. 7:S5 pm (:23 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. [ 7:35 pmf 8:H pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Ouernevllla. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm i:23pw
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma »:16 am 8:40 am
¦ '¦¦ and s
B*:10pm S :00 pm] Glen Ellen, (:05 pm (:11pm
7:80 ami 8:00 am) 110:40 am|10:K am
8:30 pmf 8:00 pm I Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:23 pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wait
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyservtlle for BkacK* Springs; at Cloverdale
for th* Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Spring*. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Days. Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Eanhedrin Htlghta, Hullville. Orr's Hot 8prtnsi,
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. UsaL
WUlets. Laytonvlle, Cummlnga. Belrs Springs.
Harris. Olson a. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets . to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offic*. 630 Market St., Chronicle build-
in*. ' R. X. RTAN.
H. C W HI'l'lNO, Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager^
OCEAN- TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship' Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
ifc^ wharf, San Francisco:
VKjte-w For Alaskan Ports— U a. m.,
VWsSfe^ Dec - 2> 7 - 12 - "• 22 - 27 - Jan - i"
EWflf^S^^ ChanKe to company's steamers
ISaSflKjHl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
UHy«l C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
ir Tacoma . Everett. Anacortas
and New Whatcom (Wash.)— 11
. • a. m., Dec 2, 7, 12, 17, 22. 27,
Jan. 1, and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry.; at .Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, » Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Dec
4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29, Jan. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlo.ta.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Lob Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonlta, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joss del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKK.T OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st, San Francisoo.
THE 0.* R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From £pear-str««t Wharf it 10 a. tn.
CADC £12 First Class Including Berth
rMllL $8 Second Class and Meals.
OEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 29
COLUMBIA sails Deo. 4
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butta.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticket to all points East. . «C -
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LDAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, it In, m..
far YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, aad
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, eta No cargo received on board on day
of sailing:.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday, December «, 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
.. .....Saturday. December W, 1900
Via Honolulu.
SS. HONGKONG MARU........
Thursday, January 24. 1901
•Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
,W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
COMPAGNIE QENEBALB TRANSATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »^_
Salllnp every Thursday, Instead of &t.firrts
Saturday, from November 2, 1899, at ¦3*ws»
10 a. m..' from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. - First-class to Havre. 155 and
upward. Second-class to Havre, $42 50 and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). New • York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents, ~ B Montgomery avenue,
San Francisco. -
AUCTION SALES
fe* 5^ fe
GRAND' AUCTION SALE
—OF THE—
FINEST LOOKING AND BEST BRED
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS,
dffer«d This Yaar From the
ANTRIM STOCK FARM,
CHAS. KERB. Proprietor.
MONDAY EVENIN6, December 3, 1900,
Commencing at 7:45 o'clock.
OCCIDENTAL K0R5E EXCHANGE,
121 Howard St. near Third.
Home* la saJesyard. Send for catalosTM.
WM. O. LATNO. Auctioneer..
AUCTION SALE
£^ of £fc-
30 Head of BROKEN DRIVING,
EXPRESS, MILK WAGON, BAK-
ERS and WORK HORSES.
MATCHED TEAMS.
Property of J. B. NIGHTINOALa
GREEN VALLET FARM. CORDELIA.
To tv» sold on
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900,
AtUA. M.. at
SALESTARD. 1733 MARKET ST.. COR. TAN
NES3 AVE.
CHASE * CO.. livestock Auctioneers..
- . Bncc—sors to KlUlp A Co. '
BATLBOAD TBAVEL. Q
SUCTIIKR.t rAVINO COMPACT.
(TAOirio sr«T«*.)
Train* !•»*• Mad are ¦¦• ¦• «rrl» • at
• AN rUANClSVO.
(Mala Una. Foot ol Market Street)
lca v» — From Dicehbis 1. 1900. — Mxmxrm
•7:OOa Btnlda, SuUan, Elaain. V*c»Tffla,
Bamsey and Sacramento lil'r
•7i«Oa Sbuta Eirweu— Davis, WIUlaiM (for
Battlett SprlsaX WUIowa. Sod
Biuft. Portland... ,. v.— " *»*«*»
•7i*0 a M *rtlnez. San Ramoa. Vkltojot oapa>
Callitnga and S»nU Rosa *ttltV
•S:OOa D»tii, Woodland. Knights Uadlnr,
Mamtille, Orotill*. •T»«3»
•8:O«A Atlantis Kipres.— Ogden tad Eul •B:«5*
«8:OOA Nil of. UTermoro, Tracy, Lathrogt
Stockton «7sl3y
•Siliu* Smu Jose, Lliermors, atoekton.
lone, Sacramento, Flaeerrilla,
M»o«»ilK Chleo. K«d Bluff MilV
•¦iS»AOakdale.CMneM.SoDora. Carters... MtlSr
•»»«»» H»yw»r<U. ftiilea and War SUtioaa. a l Ii4S« '
•UiauiLcm Angelea Express — Martinez. • •
Tr%oj, Lathrop, .Stockton. Moved
Fresno and Lea A&nlea *7il3r
•9 I S»a Vallejo. Maitlnei aod Way SUtlons *Si43r
•IDiOtlA The OverUnd Limited— Ogdoa, Deo-
tflr. Omaha. Chica^i.. • "•«43»
•I1:OOa Nils*. Steekton. Baarmmento, M«i»-
doia, Fresno, Hanford. VUalla.
PortsiTlII* •*«!»»
' MIiOOa Ltvermore, 8*nnr. Gothsa Jem* - .
Uoa. BuenfleUL tea Aaielea
tl:O0p Sacramento KWaroteainsis • fSiOft*
•3:OAp Hajwarda, Nile* and Way Station*. •»|4.1 r
•¦liuur liartlun. Han lUiaoti. Vatlajo.
Nap*. Cali«t«c*. Santa Ross...... *••¦••
•imor Bruicia, Winters, Hacrameolo,
* Woodland, Kulgbta Landing,
Marystllle, OtOfUle MMi'S. .
*4i3or Hajwards, Nile* and Saa Jow t*>**4
•SsOftr Nile*. UTormoro aod Stookton «1Oj43a
f3>OOr Sunset limited. El Pa«o. Hanr
Orleans and East. «l»il3*
•3iOOrTh« Oal Limited-Tracy. Fresno. ,-..¦-
Bakendald, Bangui (or BanU Bar-
bara, Los Anielea. MtilSi
*3i««f Kev Orleanc Express— Bakenfleld.
Santa lUrlitra, Lca Angelas. Dem-
Inc. El Paso. Mew Otlaau* and . ' :
East •7i«i»a
•fltOOr Harvard*. Nils* and Saa Jose...... *7i« t »
tOlOUr Vafleju "11:4**
•OiOOr Oriental Slill-Oglen. Cnsyanna.
Omaha, Chicago •»: I5f
•««O»r Oriental Mali— Ogden. Denver.
Omtt», Chlcao. MiHr
•7:OOp Orsgou an<l CalUoroIa Expr»a».S»«-
Mineut... Mmj»II!», lUdtltnf.
Portland, fngeS Bound and Rast *Sl43a
•SiMpBaa Pablo, Port Coata, Martlnw
and Way Stations M trl»4
t«;O3r Tallin »llt*»a.
COAST DITtHIOl (barren Gaage).
(Foot ot Market Street.) '
•8iI3a Newuk.C«nUiTUl«.S»nJoas,VeltoB.
Boulder Cresk.Saata Oral and Way
Stations ••«*•«'
fast Sr Newark CsatsrrUls. San Jose. Hew
Almaden. Falton. rioalder Creek.
Santa Cnu and Principal Way
SUtlons fin.fl84
Milllr Newark. San Jo*e. Lca Oatos *8iAOa
atl:«5r Hunters' Bxeunioa. Baa Jos* and
Way Stations f*«— y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
foam ramiscD— r«t tr lukii sinrftsuii)—
17:18 S:00 11:00 A.M. 1:03 Ii33 !;55mi.
rnaiOllUII— ua»tltitimtj.— f«:00 {8:04 t3:05
18:00 4. M. 11:03 2:C3 4:03 »»:C3p.M.
COAST IMTISUIX (Uroadfiadje).
(Third and Townseiul 3ta.)
t«t I Oa Oocau View, South Ban F raacbeo.. t««i«7
*7iw*a Nau Jom and Way BUtlnus (Nsw
Almadaa Wedoeadajs ouly) •litor
•»'OO« Hwi Jose. Tres Pino*. Hants Crns.
PaeiUo Gcote. Faso Kobles, Saa
I.tils Obispo, Stuf, Lompoo aud
Prlnelpal way Stations.......... Milo?
•I":UU 8»n Jom and Way Stations. •«i a vi«
•IIiSOa Han Joss and Way Buttons •3iS«f
t'4>IAr San Mateo, Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Saata Clara, San Jose.
Tres Pines. Sauta Cmx. Salinas.
Monterey and Pacific GroT* t>*'***
fS>anp Saa Jose and Way Stations *7i3»r
f<:ll>r SauJoieand Principal Way SUtlons *Di43a
f5:oor San Jose. tc» Gatoa and Principal
Way SUUoos ?»-.Oi»»
*3t3Or 8auJois ami Principal Way Stations *S:33a
•«:aor Ban Jose and Way .Station*.... t«.:O<>»
Oll:43r Sail Joaeand Way SUtlons *7;30p
A (or Morning. [ I* for Afternoon.
* Dally. ? Hunday exeopUd. X Sunday only.
g Mondajs. Fridays,
e Tnaadaya, Thursdays, Sundays.
a Saturday oal; . '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 3U. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:65. *9:li. 11:00 a. m.. «1:«.
8:15. 4:00. 5:15. •<:1S I _I:«> p. m«
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDATS— •8:00. n0:0O. 'll.-JO a. m~ 1:U.
1:15. *4:«. «:»). 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qaentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20, •«:*>. 7:45. »:3O a, m.
•1C:3O. 1:43. *3:30, 4:S0. 8:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:20. «8:00. »10:00. »11:43 a. m.
•1:40. "2:1s. 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, «:45. 7:35, 9:30 a. m..
12:S5. 2:10. 1:30. 4:51, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:05. 10:05 a. m., 12.-05. *:«, »:J6.
5:00, 6:43 r- m.
THROUGH TRAINS
6:55 a. m. lreelc days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
a 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sunday*— Tomalea and way sta-
tions.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
L«aTa Mart»t-«treet Fwry DapoC
i>«. 8an Francisoo. 1:00 * m 4:10 p ml 1:40 p ni
Arr. Stoektoa 11:30 p m I:1S p m U:06 p n»
" Merced 2:42 pm——— UJ»a
" Fresno ........ 4:Mpm 1:08. am.
M VlaalU <:00 p m 4:50 a m
** Tulare 1:23 pm 1:10 a ta
•* Kanford .. n .. 1:83 pm 7:W a m
•* Bakersfleld ... 1:50 pm 7:30 * ta
•* D«nT«r ».. 10:00 a m ¦
" Kansas City... 5:15 p a
** - Chicago- 7:40 am
I a. m. train Is the Overland Kxprcts. Corra-
¦pondlns train arrives at * p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. la Stockton T^x-sl CorrespoikUaa
train arrives 11:03 a. m. dally.
|:C0 p. m. Is Frtsno and BaksnSald Expreas,
with Bleeping Cars for both cities. Correspcad>
tsc train arrives at I a. m. dally.
OFFICSS- tn Market st. aad In Ferry Dvpot*
fiaaJFrancUoo: 111* Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via. Sausallto Fwry:
WEEK DAYS....»:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. na.
SUNDAYS 1:001 10:00. 11:30 aod 105 p, at.
Fare, tea FraaeUeo to Sumralt and Rotura,
tl 4a.
NS7W TAVXBN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OTTCf.
Ticket otSoee. «21 Market it. Sausallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
629 KEAMT ST. Established
In 1*3 » for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
ilsBas* \v»arlngoti body and mind and
3kln Diseases. The Doctorcnreawhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
l - urr« tcn»ri»nte«-«l. Callorwtttav
Pr. J. r. «IUBO.\, ban Francisco, Cal. _ .IN ST. MARY'S CHURCH
WHEN MELBA SANG GOU
NOD'S "AVE MARIA."
To Baffle Lord Boberts' Portrait
• A full-sized portrait of the British gen
eral. Lord Roberts, will be raffled at For
esters' Hall, 132 O'Farrell street, this
evening. A speech will be made by H.
Dlgby Johnstone. L.L. D. The price of
admission will be 25 cents.' The proceeds
will be used In assisting the needy of the
British Benevolent Association.
Sacramento Han Disappears.
The police and Morgue officials were no
tified yesterday of the disappearance of
William Boles of Sacramento. He came
to the city a few days ago with his sis
ter Mrs. Clark, and went to reside at 137
Tv u Btreet - Thursday morning he left
n use> Myin 5 he was * oln ? to the
? h? Eame « and tha * w a» the Ia»t seen
Once You've Tried Evans'
Ale or Stout you will be surprised at how much
you did not know about good ale. All dealers. *
Funeral of August Ih-ucker.
Services over the remains of the late
August Drucker were held Saturday aft
ernoon at Masonic Temple under the
auspices of Doric Lodge. F. and A. M.
Many friends of the deceased attended the
funeral. -A. C. Freese. C. S. Laumelster
Captain Simpson, William Cluff. Nathan
Schlessinger. Milton S. Eisner, H. John E
Klein and F. Hufschmldt acted as p'all-
X^Y^ 8 ;, 1 Tne remains were Interred In
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Drillmaster Gaughran Resigns.
Andrew Gaughran, drill master of the
Police Department, has resigned his posi
tion. Recently Gaughran, along with a
number of others, underwent the civil ser
vice examination for policemen, but ; he
received only 67 per cent. As he was far
below the average ; and realizing that ¦ he
could not hold his position on account of
his poor . showing, he concluded to resign.
Union Barters Score a Victory.
.Late sleepers yesterday, were given. the
entire day to mourn • and lament when
they bobbed up against the barber shops
after 12 o'clock and found the bolts in
their places and the razor wlelders hurry
ing to get aboard the first car f er their
homes. Yesterday was the day set apart
by the barbers' union for closing at noon
and it carried out its Intention to the let
ter. In addition to the noon hour clos
ing, at 8 o'clock every evening except the
one preceding a Sunday or a holiday all
union shops will be closed. on these
nights 11 o'clock will be the closing time.
ACCUSED OF BREAKING
INTO CIGAB STAND
Young Man Said to Be an ex-Clerk
v in the White House Booked
for Burglary.
A young man who gave his name as
Charles Franks was arrested about 4
o'clock yesterday morning by Sergeant
O'Connor and Policeman Beach at a cigar
stand at 5*4 Grant avenue and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of burglary.
The officers watched him and saw him try
to break off an iron bar In front of the
stand. Not succeeding, he climbed over
the iron rail and got inside.
Franks was identified in the City Prison
as Charles Feder. a former clerk In the
White House, who was caught stealing
articles from his employers, and It was
taid he had been doing so for two years.
For the sake of his family the proprietors
did not have him arrested. He refused to
talk about the burglary, but his attorney
said he had, while under the Influence of
liquor, foolishly entered the cigar stand
to gut a vallee for a friend who had left it
there.
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal
Church to Hold Services in
a Worthy Cause.
A special effort will be made by the
congregation of Bethel African Methodist
Episcopal Church, located at 1207 Powell
street, near Jackson, to lift* the heavy
mortgage debt whlcn now incumbers the
church. Rev. Dr. Snelson, the pastor of
the church, was appointed by the House
of Bishops and sent out from the East to
save the property. There will be a Dip
rally at the church next Sunday and It
will continue to the following Sabbath.
The programme will be as follows:
Sunday. December 9, 11 a. m.— Sermon by
the Rev. K. T. Cottman. presiding elder at 3
p. m.— Sermon by the Rev. John A. B. WH-
Hon DD., pastor of Howard Street M. E.
Church; address by Rev. T. Brown of Zlon
Church. Stockton street. 8 p. m.— Sermon by
tho pastor. Dr. Snelson: remarks by Rev. John
Pointer of Oakland A. M. B. Church.
Monday night, December 10— Grand mission
ary public meeting to be addressed by Mrs.
Dr Snelson, Rev. J. H. Kelley of the Third
Ba'rtlst Church. J. C. Rivers Esq., J. A. L.
Derrick and others. The general financial state
ment will be read In detail by the secretary,
J. II. Fisher.
Preparatory entertainments this week
are as follows:
Monday night, . at 1006 Clay street— By Mrs.
C. A. Williams, Mrs. Wyatt, . Mrs. Stewart,
Mrs. Murray and others. •
Tueeday night, at Bethel Church— Literary
and musical entertainment by Isaac Womble,
assisted by special talent.
¦ Thursday night, at 1^3^ Pacific street — En
tertainment by ' Mrs. Barlow and a bevy of
Friday night, at Bethel Church— Auxiliary
board will give a grand social under the direc
tion of Mrs. M. Sullivan. Mrs. Stewart, Mrs.
Lambert. Mrs. C. A. Busby. Mrs. Evans, Mrs.
Franklin. Mrs. Mary Brown and others.
BIG BALLY TO BAISE
C".'- A CHUBCH MORTGAGE
Wrl'.e for new catalogue of wstohen. Jewelry & I
•Urtrwuk Hammersmith & Field. 36 Keaxny. • j
Fifty-yard dash— H. Hynes first. Kd Alken
secend. Underwater swimming contest — George
Duncan : first. Charles Brown second. Hid.
diving— Won by A. Schiller. Tub ra;e— S. Car
roll first, J. ; Alken : second. One hundred yard
dash— Charles Warren first, " M. Meyers seoond.
The cold wind was responsible for re
duced crowds at the Park and beach yes
terday. ' The crowds were as orderly as
they were small, and. in consequence no
accidents i or incidents worthy of special
mention were reported to the police. The
usual fun-seeking crowd assembled at the
Chutes and. enjoyed the features In and
out of.the theater. .Following are the re
sults of the contests at Sutro Baths:
Sunday at Park and Beach.
There was a gallant rescue on the water
front early yesterday morning, which un
fortunately did not much prolong the life
of the man rescued, as he died a few
hours later at the City and County Hos
pital. The hero of the noble act had an
uncomfortable experience in performing
James Bowen, whose home was at 22
Sacramento street, was saved from death
in the waters of the bay by Bert Davis
of the Harbor Hospital. An examination
by the doctor in charge showed that
Bowen was suffering from pneumonia.
He was at once sent to the Central Sta
tion and from .there to the City and
County Hospital, where he died during the
afternoon.
t JnJ* V s W . as ?* ound asteeP- H e at once
j-u'led on his trousers and opening the
window near his bed jumped on to thl
wharf. A glance showed him that he
would have to Jump into the bay in order
to save the person struggling in the
water. Bert waited long enough to divest
himself of his trousers and throw them
back through the open window, and the™
overboard he went. He soon had Bowen
in ssioty. ? : .» '¦...¦
5 % X h V} undre ssed and put to bed, Bowen
•J,? 1^; 1 ?. 13 s % r Z- " l Got sick during the
night." said he, "and toward daylight I
got so that I could hardly breathe Then
1 got up and dressed myself and went
down to the Harbor Hospital. On the
door I saw, after I struck a match •En
trance around the corner.' . 1 went around
the wrong corner and walked into the
The -Harbor Hospital Is on the Mission
street bulkhead and the side door faces
west toward Mission street. The main en
trance faces due. south toward the trans
port wharf. Facing west the building is
only a. few feet from the water's edge
and the windows look out on to the Sac
ramento River steamers and the State
tugs. Had Bowen gone around the east
erly corner of the building when he read
Entrance around the corner," he would
have been alive to-day, but instead he
went- around the westerly corner and into
Everything possible was done for the
unfortunate man at the Harbor Hospital,
and it was only when his case was found
?£ b £, P re carious that he was hurried to
the, City and County Hospital, where he
died. It was found that he was a victim
of pneumonia. * ..'.rr" 1
Man Saved From Drowning
Dies Later of Pneumonia*
in the Hospital.
GALLANT RESCUE
PROVES USELESS
Two of a gang of bay pirates, for whom
the police have been looking for some
time, were captured yesterday afternoon
after a long chase by Policeman Thomas
Naylor. One of the gang, supposed to be
the leader, escaped, although almost with
in the clutches of the law.
Frequent complaints have been made
to the police about a party of young men,
wno have been raiding small vessels on
*he Mission flats. Whenever a yacht or
k>oat would be left without a watchman
ihey would sail up at night, strip it of
everything portable and salable. Captain
bplllane determined to capture the ma
rauders if possible and specially detailed
Naylor for this dutj*.
Naylor found the gang yesterday after
noon at Hathaway'g wharf.* They eluded
him for a time, but Naylor finally located
them again in a boat anchored under a
wharf at the foot of Merrlmac and Ken
tucky streets, near the Arctic Oil Works.
Naylor jumped from the wharf into the
mud and caught John Kelly and James,
alias "Pogie," Lambert. The third man.
Cockey Stevens, jumped from the boat
Into a skift and rowed away. The pris
oners- were sent to the Hall of Justice,
where they were charged with vagrancy.
An examination of the boat showed that
it was admirably adapted fox the purposes
of -ts 'hobo" owners. The list of articles
on board, which were confiscated by the
police and sent to the -property clerk's
office, would make an excellent inventory
of a second-hand store. .
A keen-bladed knife about six inches
Jons was dropped by Stevens in his'-fiieht
1 hi 3 was. used to cut the lashings of sails*
which would be'taken from one vessel and
transferred to their own. As soon as this
would be done, the "pirates" would make
sail up the bay, and, stay away lone
enough to avoid suspicion. As soon as
arf owner can be found for the prooe-tv
taken yesterday by the police more se
rious charges will be preferred against
Policeman Naylor Captures
John Kelly and James
Lambert.
TWO BUY PIRATES
CLEVERLY CAUGHT
Hermann Bishop, who shot John Murphy
In tho neck at 14 McAllister street early
yesterday morning, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of as
sault to murder. Mamie Bigelow, the
woman who was with Bishop at the time,
is being detained at the prison as a wit
ness.
There is a bit of romance in connection
with the shooting. About five years ago
a lodging-house at Fifth and Stevenson
streets, while being raised for the purpose
of building a bnck foundation, collapsed.
Mamie was a roomer in the house and was
in her room at the time of the accident.
She was rescued from the debris by Mur
phy, who was then a member of Engine
Company 17. An attachment sprang up
between them and they lived together till
about a year ago, when Murphy went to
Cape Nome. During his absence she met
Bishop, whom she had knpwn previously.
Murphy returned recently from ! Cape
Nome and Saturday nlgnt lie met the
young woman and went with her as
far as 14 McAllister street, where she
left him, going to Bishop's room. Murphy
followed her and tried to force open the
door. Bishop warned him to go away, but
he broke the glass In the door and said
to Bishop, "I've got a bead on you."
Thinking he had a revolver. Bishop fired
and the bullet struck Murphy in the neck.
Bishop opened the door and Murphy said,
"You're the best man; shake." He was
persuaded to go to the Receiving Hospi
tal, where his wound was dressed. He
says he will not prosecute Bishop.
Later Bishop and the woman were ar
rested by Detectives Ed Gibson and
Bailey. The prisoner handed over the re
volver and paid he had fired the shot in
self-defense. • * *
John Murphy Bravely Saves
a Woman From a Cruel
Death.
ROMANCE IN LIFE
OF A FIREMAN
strains of "Ave Maria" burst from the
organ during the offertory and Mme.
Melba took her position by Eugene
Boegner, first violinist of the Grand Opera
orchestra, who played the violin obllgato.
All was silence throughout the church
during the rendition, the stillness being
broken only by the clink of the offerings
of the congregation. No Durst of applause
such as Mme. Melba has heard so often
greeted her, but the solemn Bcene of the
kneeling worshipers and the magnificence
of her lines inspired her. "Ave Maria"
was sung with all the feeling of Melba's
wondrous voice, FOftened with religious
ecstacy. The end of the song was a re
gret. The singer's voice grew softer and
lighter till it mingled with the whispers
of those saying the rosary, then ceased.
'Sanctus," by the choir, rang through
the church and Melba retired. The con-
gregation knelt at communion and when
th«r prayers were done Cremonini took
his place beside the organist. "Salve
Maria" is not calculated to move the
souls of men, as Is "Ave Maria." Its
theme is complex, like the recitative of
an oratorio, but Cremonlni's rich tenor
voice brought out all its perfections.
Father Smith pronounced the benedic
tion and out through the waiting throng
Melba and Cremonini made their way to
their carriage.
Lord. Inside all was silence, save for the
mellow notes of the organ and the violin
and the clear, sweetly plaintive intona
tions of the diva's voice. Outside a mighty
crowd surged around the entrance and
grew impatient after a futile battle for
admission to the sacred edifice. Later,
¦when tantalizing fragments of Merca
dante's "Salve Maria" floated from the
throat of Cremonini out over the crowd
in the street, it surged forward toward
the doors again, begging, imploring and
praying for admission, but a corps of po
licemen kept back the stormers.
The announcement that Mme. Melba
would sing Gounod's "Ave Maria" at the
Paulist Church, and would be followed
by Slgnor Cremoninl. also of Grau'? com
pany, in the rendition of Mercadante's
"Salve Maria," assured a vast congrega
tion. The police were therefore called
upon to keep It from overcrowding the
church and thus prevent possible acci
dent. A further precaution was taken bv
the Paulist fathers to keep- outsiders
from- usurping the> seats of the regular
pew holders. Tickets to the parishioners
were issued and outsiders were thus de
prl\-ed of admission. It was still early In
the morning, however, when the people
from other parishes began to gather near
the church door. Melba was to sing at 11
o'clock, but they were unaware that dis
appointment awaited them. An hour or
so before the service opened the ticket
holders began to arrive. This necessitated
the opening of the church and the crowd
rushed for the doors. The police drove
them back and announced that none but
ticket holders would be admitted. The
crowd, however, refused to accept defeat
B*e*use she feared for her life. Mir.
Eusle Conwar shot Edward Conway. a
'.eilni's cutter, last night at their resi
dence, tl7 Nineteenth street, Oakland.
The bullet from the pistol lodged in Con
wy's right side. Inflicting a dangerous
wound, but one which the surgeons say
will not necessarily prove fatal. The
vwnaa, who claims to be Conway's wife.
mts he attacked her with a knife. After
shooting twice through the^eeiling sbe
fired the third shot with the pistol aimed
¦traigrht ax Conway as he was upon her
with u-pUfted kxlfe.
The trouble, according to the woman,
was the result of drunken abuse and
threats Conwiy made to kill her. Milton
Kitch, 14 years old, a. eon of Mrs. Conway,
•wilM present during the affray and in a
BtttecKKit to the police corroborated his
mother's story. Conway denied h© had
m. knife and said the shooting- was due to
hie declaration that ho had Intended to
part company with the pistol wlelder.
He said she was not his wife,
Other circumstances surrounding the
difficulty tend further to bear out the
woman's version of the shooting. Short
ly after 7 o'clock E. S. Cheney, a pho
tographer, who boarded with the Con
ways, telephoned to Night Police Captain
Pftersen at the City Hall that a police
man vu wanted to arrest Conway, who
was at home, ' drunk and abusive. Th«
patrol wagon was sent, but before it ar
rived the shooting had occurred. Fif
teen minutes later Captain Petersen re
ceived another message, this time from
I>r. Cunningham at 1471 Grove street, call
ing for the police to take a ¦wounded man
to the hospital. The man was Conway,
v»hn had run out of his house to the doc
tor's, a block away, after he was shot.
• The shooting occurred In the kitchen.
Mrs. Conway' s Ftory follows:
Conway came home drunk and ugly. My son
and 1 were In the kitchen when he came out
and demanded his pittol. I wouldn't let him
r*t it but took th«- weapon myself. Then he
l-lckfd up a knife and started toward me,
Fhoutlnp. "If you don't give me that gun I'll
cut your throat."
I drew the pistol tip and warned him. "Don't
you. come near me or I'll shoot you." He
didn't stop and then 1 fired a shot through the
railing. As he advanced, brandishing the
knife. I again *ar:.i»l him and nred again in
th*' «ir. He did not pausa, but w&s then
right clos* to me. Fearing that in his drunken
fury he would make good his threats, 1 aimed
th* pistol straight at him and fired. That
•FtoiT**! him. He rushed out of the house and
I went into another room to wait for the po
li<-*>.
When Conway Is sober he If good enough for
anybody, but he has been drunk for a week
'and vrry ujtly and threatening ell of the time.
. He is a lunatic when he is in liquor. Once
fri^fore he had trouble with a. woman, who Rhot
him. I know that if he lives he will come
. to h5i« »ensos= and t+ sorry for this.
Mrs. Conway. a? she is registered at ths
City Prison, but not formally charged,
jw»ndinp the result of Conway'j Jn
. juries, is the daughter of Colonel Shaw of
IJiehland Park, manager -of Dun's Mer
cantile Aeency. She pave her age as 29
years. In her childhood she married
Thomas Fitch Jr., son of the great silver
. tongrued orator. By him she had two
children, the boy Milton and a son a vear
older, who Is In Northern California. "The
. Fitch marriage ended several years asro
In a divorce. Mrs. Fitch subsequently
wedded Charles Peck of Alameda, from
whom she was also divorced. She Is a
rtrun^tte. of fine figure and features.
She Says the Man Is Her
Husband and That He
Tried to Stab Her.
Ex-Wife of Thos. Fitch
Jr. Puts Bullet Into
Edward Conway.
Woman With Nerve
Uses Revolver
Skillfully. .
FIRES TWICE
TO FRIGHTEN,
THEN TO KILL
With plowing 1 oratorical eloquence, sol
emn requiem music and Impressive ser
vice for the dead, San Francisco Lodge
No. 3, Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks, yesterday afternoon at the Grand
Opera-house paid tribute to the memory
of their departed brothers.
The rule of the order Is that each lodge
in the United States shall on the first Sun
day In December hold memorial services.
A number, of these services have been held
in this city, but yesterday's observance of
the event far eclipsed all previous ones.
The service commenced at 2 o'clock, but
long before the appointed hour the opera
house was thronged with. Elks and their
friends, who were admitted by cards of in
vitation. The foyer of the theater was beau
tifully decorated for the occasion Jwith
white chrysanthemums, palms , and rare
hothouse plants. The stage boxes were
also tastefully decorated with evergreens
and elks' heads. The stage when the cur
tain went up presented a beautiful though
solemn picture. An enormous elk stood
silently In the background In a command-
Ing position. A circle of light fell on an
ivy cross hung with a mourning emblem.
At their stations were the officers of the
lodge, a circle \of members around them.
There was an overture by the orchestra,
members of the lodge marching In while
i the selection was being rendered and oc
j cupying seats in the center of the house.
Exalted Ruler T. F. Bonnet then formally
I opened the memorial service with the reg
ular ritual appointed by the order. The
| Elks' quartet sang "Still, Still With
"I nee. The opening ode followed, sung by
all the Elks standing. The Rev. John
Hemphill, D. D. t offered a fervent invoca
tion, and Mrs. A. B. Marquart executed
with fine technique a harp eolo, "Chant
Seraphlque."
D. M. Delmas, who had been invited by
the committee to deliver the oration, had
been particularly requested to take as his
subject "The Immortality of the Soul." He
said In part:
Wherever human lips have moved In prayer,
whether In the Bolltude of the hermit's cell
or in the multitudinous concourse which in
tones the swelling anthem under the groined
arches of stately cathedrals — whether to voice
the language of the affluent ritual of civilized
man or to chant the rude Incantation of the
savage; and wherever human hands have erect
ed an altar, whether of simple boughs beneath
the canopy of heaven or of marble and gold
and precious stonea under the lofty dome of
some majestic minster; and wherever human
eyes, 'dimmed with tears of anguish, have
turned their orbs In mute but passionate ap
peal to a hidden power for assuagement in
sorrow or courage in despair— there proofs have
teen given of man's longing for Immortality.
These are the outward evidences of the reli
gious feeling Inherent in in« human heart and
inseparable from human existence; and with
out the hope of Immortality were religion a de
lusion, worship a mockery and prayer as vain
and empty as sounding brass and tinkling cym
bal.
Nor may reason discard this hope a» a mere
fitful and transitory gleam of our emotional
nature. Strive as he may to weed from out
his breast all sentiment or emotion, resolve he
never bo firmly to accept as truth nothing save
what the cold precepts of logic demonstrate,
sear his heart as he will with the drear study
of skeptical metaphysicians, still shall not man
quench the fire of this inextinguishable flame.
Bulwark them as he may, the time will come
when the barriers of his factitious stoicism will
break asunder and pent up humanity will re
sume her sway.
At the close of tHe oration Slgnor
Abramoff sang: Adolphe Adams' "Cantique
de Noel." Brother Lewis Morrison then
read several poems selected appropriate to
the occasion. The quartet sang "Good-
Night." Brother J. J. Barrett then deliv
erad the eulogy. He said:
We gather to-day In spirit at the new-made
graves of our dead. We leave the scones and
thoughts and pastimes of pleasure, and "in
mute procession on the houseless road" we
bear our dear ones to their place of rest. Be
neath the kindly sheltering trees that line the
winding pathway on the silent slope we lay our
Bleeping brothers down. We turn their faces
to the light for a last, full view of every fea
ture, and as trait after trait comes back to us
and memory throbs over the past -we whisper
th« manly story that is closed. We pay our
final public tribute. And before we leave them
In the unnumbered company of the dead, as we
yield them to the cold embraue of mother earth,
we fix upon our comrades' breasts our little
flowers of love.
We have gathered on the shore of the ocean
of death and we watch their barque as It sails
away. As it dips at last below the horizon's
edge wo see them on the masthead 'waving us
fondly their final adieu. We signal back across
the waters our message of sorrow and hope.
Departed brothers, heaven speed you to the port
of rest. May angels guide you on the trackless
deep. May the winds be gentle and the waters
still. May the course be straight and the voy
age swift. May the day be fair and full of
light. May the heavens swing their brightest
lanterns through the night. May brother Elks
be waiting at the water's edge to meet you.
And when the waves that break about our feet
shall catch us also up and bear us oft from
those we love may we Join you again In the
land of the blessed in sweet companionship
that shall never end.
At the close of his address the orchestra
played Handel's "Largo." The entire
audience then arose and received the ben
ediction of the Rev. Dr. Hemphill.
The following members of the lodge
composed the memorial committee: Dr. E.
N. Short, chairman: A. J. Carmany, sec
retary; J. N. Odell. R. P. Churchill. T. J.
McCann, Phillip Bolger and I* C. Iuen.
Barrett.
Which Is Followed by Eulogy
by Brother John J.
D. M. Delmas Delivers the Oration,
Annual "Lodge of Sorrow"
Impressive and Largely
Attended.
DEPARTED ELKS
ARE REMEMBERED
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1900.
MELBA INTERPRETS GOUNOD'S
"AVE MARIA" AT ST. MARY'S
Brilliant Pete. Relioieuse at Which Parishioners Hear
Sacred Songs Rendered by. Inspired Singers.
>-*aBBjr OCN'OD'S .inspired "Ave Maria"
/ II rang through St. Mary's
fl V*« Church, Paulist, Dupont and
Bl I J California streets, y ester -
TQii i' day morning. It was Melba's
vole* that held In the »p«U
of its enchantment a vast
congregation !n this ' tabernacle of the
and -until long past noon the unsuccess
ful effort to gain admission to the church
was kept up.
Melba arrived in a carriage shortly after
11 o clock and was escorted to the choir
gallery- She was given a seat near the
rail and sat with her eyes intently fixed
on the purple-robed priests while Father
Smith celebrated solemn high mass. The
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We will exhibit all this week a
most complete assortment of elegant
BLACK DRESS FABRICS, in FINE
PANNE CLOTHS, ARMURES,
WOOL POPLINS, VENETIAN
CLOTHS, CORKSCREWS,AMAZON
CLOTHS and fine BLACK CHEY-
IOTS,
SPECIAL.
15 Dieces BLACK ETAMINE CHEVIOT for
Tailor-made Costumes, full 50 Inches wide.
Price 85c yd.
SPECIAL.
15 Dieces 50 inch BLACK CORKSCREW
(Mohair finish). Price 81.25 yd.
SPECIAL.
20 Dieces GENUINE BLACK FRENCH WHIP-
CORD, fulH^ncnKwlfle^PricB $1.25 yd.
We invite our patrons in the Interior to
write for Samples of our special lines of
Black Goods.
ir _ ** a J± Tfnlk" ¦* WFEr .^Qr .^r '
• Gur£ . Kir
HI. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
~~ ¦ — — — — — ¦
OOLDBERO. BO VEN * C0'8 8PECIAL SAYINg SJLLt
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
XCQ *
Christmas
tree ornaments
immense variety
Holiday souvenirs and fa-
vors — appropriate for all
occasions
Order now and secure
first choice
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— Kona— reg'iy 25c Ib 22 Jc
It pleases particular people
Catsup— 0 b&co 1 5c
Medium sweet — medium sour —
very best— reg'iy 20c bottle
Puree de foies gras 20c
Teyssonneau— popular gooseliver
sandwich paste — reg'iy 25c can
Whisky o 3 bottles $2
O B d- Co—0 K gallon 2
Sweet mash bourbon — reg'iy $i and $4
Sardines-i»pa— X's ioc
Small tender fish — best quality
reg'ly i2*c can
Candy boxes for the holi-
days — artistic shapes beau-
tifully decorated — select
them now — prices very rea-
sonable
01 i Ve Oi 1-0 B A Co' Lucca 50c
First class salad oil— reg'ly 55c bottle
Jams and jellies— i ib tin ioc
Selected fruit In cane sugar—
reg'ly i2}c— like home-made
FigS— Imported— reg'ly 30c Ib 2OC
Extra large London layers
Butter— creamery Vlb 25C
For table use— cut full weight
Vermouth-French r 5C
Almost wholesale price—
rtg'ly 65c quart
Appecitsild— imported correlate saus-
age—anchovies—smoked goose-breasts
—Enghth and Irish bacon— live tmaiU
from France— California ripe olives—
Stilton Gorgonzola & Cheddar cheese
—Pin Money pickles in bulk— imported
pumpernickel in cans
Cheese— eastern— reg'ly 22jc 17&C
Full cream-best for Welsh rare-bit
Mackerel— Norway XA'X $2 co
New catch— very, fine—
reg'ly$3--i2lbkit
Pimiento's morrones 12JC
Stuffed Spanish peppers — reg'ly 15c
Q0LDBEB3. BOWTN * CO'3 SPECIAL BA VETO 111.1
SausageS-tmported-rcg'ly 35c JOC
Wiener Wurstchen— 8 In can
Toilet SOap— Carmel 50C
Made from olive oil —
reg'iy 60c box of 6 cakes
Farina cologne— German 50c
Johann Maria — reg'iy 55c bottls
Listerine— Lambert 20c 65c
Dentifrice pate' a jars 55c
Violet — French tooth paste-reg'Iy 35c
PrunelleS— Hungarian Ib 25C
First of the season
Fard dates— reg'iy 15c ib ioc
Fresh shipment — very choice crcallty
BON BONS FOR DINNER FAVORS
Now is the time to make
selections — the low prices
will surprise you — ioc to
$4 dozen
Our big catalogue— Christmas
edition — Is now ready
«)3 Pln« 932 Sutter *8oo California San Franc! *C«
1075 Clay ber^en ElevantS «nJ Twelfth OaicUai
35 °A> OFF
PREMO & POCO CAMERAS.
23 °/ o OFF
SEED & CRAMER PLATES.
2O % OFF
EASTMAN KODAKS.
Oculist*' prescriptions filled. Factory en
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Mala Ml
OPTICIANS^^&ph^^
642 Market 5t. i»sT»uMtNrs
UftOER CHRONICLE BUHDIMG. CATALOSU! frfE-
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR <^&
A Handsome Christmas BggSBf
Easy and Comfortable. (J&2&&/
Price $15. Come and see It.
W. A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montgomery Street.
DR.MCNULTY.
nnnis well-kn*own and kkliable old
L Hpecla.l\*tevresWoo<i Poison. (Jonorrbcea.Glee:,
strip torn, jst-nilnal Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
allied Dtwrrters. Hook on Diseases of Men, free.
Over20y<»«rsVxp*rViice.Tprtnn reasonable. Hour*.
9to.ldaUy:8:aOti>*.aO<"T'K^. SundaTs.lOto 12. C.m.-.uS-
tatlonfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROMCOK McXri/TY, 31. D.
20 l-i Kearny *t- San Francisco. CeL
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
; | S A GUEAT KKSTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
| ¦ tor and Nervine,
The- most wonderful aphrodisiac and ImcIaI
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for bota s«te»
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tho KUi
ney» and Bladder. Seir. on Its own n*Srt«fc
NABER. ALKS & BRU.NE. Agents.
¦ «aMark*t»ua,y.--(Seadrorarcuiar«a '
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
l>rugglsts. 60c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay.*'
Should not b« confounded with other so-called
malt Droducts some breweries put out. It Is
not beer and "burnt sugar." See that the
name Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n Is on
each bcttle. Bold by all druggists.
ADVEBTISTTMTNTS.
Lifelike
Busts and Figures.
Royal Teplitz, Royal Dres-
den and Terra Cotta Busts.
Some of them —
The Slave
The Nubian
The Turk
The Arab
Sapho
Afra
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great Americaa LnportlDC Tea Co.
CITY 8TORB6.
210 Grant Are., bet. Post and Sutter. ]
861 MarVet St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 DcvUadcro St.
146 Ninth St. 2008 Fillmore 6t.
3006 .Sixteenth St. 521 Montgomery At.
2516 MlMlonSt. 3283 Mission St.
7O5 Lwrkln St. 2732 24th St.
8C3 Hayct St. 475 Height St.
62 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington 6t 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. 616 E. I2th St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— 1355 Park St.
6AN RAFAEL-B Su. near Fourth.
OB. MEYERS & CO.
Specialists. Disease Sglr^*'*
ar.d weakness of S§j£ f
men. Established S?w
Ifcfcl. Consultation Vp5j 3Gy*l<?
and private book \tK. i"7 VT
tree, at office or by 6f)£-\
mall. Cures fe'uaj- v^V'LifS?"^
anteed. 7;jl Mar- f^to'vc^NVl
!:« street (.elevator jL~^**±£'V*z£
tntrancf), San y^VVft^Si^aL
PAINLESS
tV&% GEART STREET
Between Hyde *o4 Larkin.
' rdetibo&c Polk •»3?_