'-' Continued on Second' Page.
velt spent a quiet day at his Oyster Bay
home. In the morning he attended ser
vices. After dinner ne took a long walk
through the .woods, reaching home again
about 8 o'clock. Tht;re were no callers
-/luring the day. The Governor said he had
received no messages of any kind. H«
Faid he felt no ill effects of his lone
campaigning trip.
1 To-morrow night no will Epeak at th»
Republican demonstration at Cy*ter Bay
and close the campaign. On Tuesday the
Governor will devote the day to hla fam
ily until the returns begin to arrive In
th« evening.
N'EW YORK. Nor. i.— Governor Roose-
ROOSEVELT AT OYSTEB BAY.
Spends the Day. Quietly and Receives
No Callers. ,
. The President's Sunday, was one of rest. 1
He and'Dr.'. Bixby> walked a' half 'dozen'
blocks to church this "morning and heard
a." sermon ; by. Dr.' C. -T. Manchester, Mr.
McKlnley's Canton pastor. The preacher
had chosen :"Man In God's Image" as, his
.It can " also be asserted with posltlve
nees that the .President' did not finally,
decide to remain here to receive election
returns until" ha. was convinced that he
would be the winner. Had he thought
otherwise he would have started to
Washington. earlvon'-Tuesday. ,
a shadow of a doubt of the success ofj/the
Republican ticket. Tp these friends he
has stated that' all his Information is to
the '.effect ,that Bryan cannot possibly win.
Should the Nebraska man - be. elected it
would come as a 'stunning surprise to Mr.
McKlnley, for he as confidently expects
his re-election as 'he does that- the earth
will .continue to rotate.
*T ' INCOLN. Neb., j Nov. 4.— Colonel
I . t j W.,! J. Bryan and Mrs. . Bryan
i t j, arrived at their home this even
>g ~™¦": Ing: from' Chicago". : To-morrow
¦ -morning Mr.' Bryan will start on
a flying trip through . Nebraska, devoting
the last day, of his campaign to hla own
State.- ' ¦.
'Mr. and Mrs. Bryan found a large num
ber of their friends at the depot j to greet
'them. A large number escorted them to
their - residence. •' The r trip' from Chicago
was '•comparatively^ quiet. Mr." .Bryan
slept during the entire forenoon and did:
not ¦ make* his - appearance until after j 12
o'clock. He. had. Just arisen" when . the
train, reached > Creston, "Iowa. Several
hundred persons had 'congregated at the
depot and there were- calls for .a speech. ¦;
Mr. Bryan fijald he never made, speeches
on. Sunday," but he shook hands'. with, most
of those -presept ' before^ the" train > started. 1
There \ were'; similar ..^crowds '; at? Red .Oak
and Pacific' Junction and when, late in the
C 'ANTON. Ohio, Nov. 4.— "I. am
absolutely certain of reflection.
I have information which' I re
gard trustworthy that leads me
to make this claim. ' From
what I know of the situation I will have
more electoral votes this year than I had
In 1896. With an honest election and a
fair count such as I hope uT get, nothing
can prevent the' Republican ticket from
winning Tuesday."
The quoted words are the sum and sub
stance of what President MrKinley nays
In. regard, to the result of . the .battle, of
ballots of Tuesday. This claim has ¦ not
been made for the public' It . has, not
been put In the «=xact form ' even, but
from sources regarded entirely, trust
worthy It can be said without ' reserve
that the sentiment expressed is the Presi
dent's, .'/vv - • - . , . •
From intimate friends of the President,
those who have enjoyed ,his 'confidence' in
all thinsrs.lt is learned that he has not
afternoon, the train landed the candidate
In his own State, at the town of Platts
mouth, there was a still stronger demon
stration. The crowd was large and there
¦were 'many calls' for Mr. Bryan. .. He de
clined to speak and the train did not re
main at a standstill long enough to afford
opportunity to . personally greet ' many
¦persons.- Mr. Bryan was met atOmah'a
b.; a number. of his personal friends.
I During the day Mr. . Bryan 1 was asked
; for, a statement^as to the probable out
come of the election. In reply he said:
"The fight has" been made and won.
Money and "coercion robbed us. of a vic
tory in' 1896, but I - believe ; they .-.will be
powerless to change the result this time.
-The. people are in earnest and tew can be
bought. Our organization . Is ' much better
¦than*,lt^was.ln 18% and even; where In
timidation has been "attempted It has
angered the employes rather than coerced
them." - ;
. 'Mr.: Bryan's attention was called; to the
• Special Dispatch to The Call.
"The Fight H^s Been Made and
Won," Says the Nebraskan-
BRYAN DECLARES HIS
SUCCESS IS CERTAIN
"I Am Absolutely Certain^ of Re
election," Is His Declaration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PRESIDENT HAS NO
FEAR AS TO RESULT
.Chief Devery's order,,ls couched In am-"
blguous terms.jt Is phrased 'in a most ih-^
genlous manner.but ltsjmeanlng is not to
be misunderstood. ' It \ is supplementary , .to'
Mr. Croker's advice to Democrats to, raid
polling places *and| throw those 'In 'charge"
of- the returns into the, street should the
result of the election | prove 'not • rattsf &c-'_
tory.. The order from Chief rDevery is to
Special ¦ Dispatch to The Call.' : . ¦ r f ,• .; , •/*
NEW. YORK? Nov.' 4.— In an order to the
commanding officers of 'the Police Depart
ment,-Chief Devery ¦ : haV -declared .'open
warfare upon John Mc'Culla'sh,* 1 superin
tendent of elections; andhis deputies.
Following in the: footsteps of 1 . Richard
Croker, • the '.Chief ot Police threatens a.
reign 'of terror at, thepblis In this city on
Tuesday.. In spite of the fact. that the law,
gives to- Superintendent -McCullagh- the
right to call upon'the police for, assistance,'
members. of , 'the'. force areTnow. under in-;
structlons not to .'tolerate the -methods of
John -McCuilaKh, _ Superlnte"^cnt of Elec
tions. \ ' • ;*;
Significant Order by
New York's XHief
of /.Police.
MEANS REIGN
OF TERROR ON
ELECTION DAY
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 4.^1. C. Adams,
chairman of the Territorial Republican
Central Committee, returned to-night
from a canvass of the Territory. He
said Governor Murphy will carry several
counties which were carried by "Wilson,
the Democratic candidate for Conr
eresslonal delegate, two years ago. and
In no county will Smith's majority equal
that of Wilson.
Arizona Republicans Confident-
Both sides are still claiming the State,
the Republicans by 5000 plurality for Mc-
Klnley and the fusioni3ts by 13,000 for
Bryan. As registration has been excep
tionally heavy and the campaign has been
thorough the Vote In the city and county
Is likely to be a record-breaker. The Re
publicans claim gains among the farmers,
while the Democrats expect an Increase
In the cities and among the foreign-born.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Nov. 4.— To-morro-v
will be a lively day In Nebraska and for
an ante-election day will probably eclipse
anything of the kind in th« State's hfci
tory.' Both Republicans and Democrats
are preparing for great demonstrations In
Omaha in the evening. Mr. Bryan will
speak at a doxen halls after a day's tour
In the State and the Democrats plan to
make It an eyeppener for this Republican
district. The Republicans will have %
monster parade and barbecue with a
"shotgun" regiment cjid lots of red lire.
Day of Bailies Is Planned by Both
Parties.
"The Republicans will also have »
larger majority In the Assembly. Of 130
Assembly districts ninety-four are abso
lutely safe, and four others are more than
likely to elect Republicans."
CLOSING DAT I2J" NEBRASKA.
"The State Senate will also have an in
creased Republican majority. Of fifty
districts twenty-«lx are now Republican
and twenty-four* Democratic. Conserva
tive estimates Infllcate that thirty-three
are sure to go Republican, while in* four
others the Republicans have more. than
a fighting chance.
"New York State will Rive McKlnley a
plurality of 100,000. Republicans will mak«
substantial gains In Congressional dis
tricts, and the delegation In the next
House of Representatives will be fully
two to one Republican. Twenty-two out
of thirty-four districts will send Repub
licans beyond a doubt, and six others
probably will be found in the Republican
column.
NEW TORK. Nov. 4.— Thia statement
on the election outlook in New York
was Issued to-night from th6 headquar
ters of the Republican State Central Com
mittee:
BRYAN WILL BE
SNOWED UNDER
IN NEW YORK
Indications Point to a
. Republican Majority
of 100,000 Votes.
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call.
' G-E-E-E-N F-I-R-E
On Big Dome
WILL BE THE SIGNAL THAT
BRYAN
Has Carried
NEW YORK.
GREEN BOMBS
Shot High in Air
WILL CERTIFY THAT
BRYAN
Has Car. led
CALIFORNIA.
The Searchlight, Espe
cially Secured for This
Occasion, Is the Most
Powerful Ever
Used on This
Coast.
f. 4.
I READ THE MESSA5ES IN THE SKIES
NEW YORK. Nov. 4— Rev. Dr. Robert
B. MacArthur, pastor of Cavalry Bap
tist Church, preached to-nlg-ht on "Es
sentials to National Perpetuity and Spir
itual Prosperity." Alluding to the elec
tion. I>r. MacArthur said:
"Recently a candidate for the high of
fice of President and hi? chief lieutenant
have virtually incited the lawless ele
ment to rioting on election day. This ad
vice is the inspiration of the candidate,
and It is the utterance of his lieutenant.
The great body of voters Js law abiding,
hut there is an element in every commun
ity ready to take advantage of encour
agement and to violate wholesome • law
Already there has been an outbreak of
violence alons the line traveled by this
verbose candidate. Speakers following
him have been Insulted and mobbed. This
candidate arcusos the passions of discon
tent and envy. Mob law at the polls is
the logical outcome of preaching the
tzne pel of hatred.
"A Senator who Is the titular head of
the candidate's party Indorses the ap-,
peal to riot uttered by the bellicose lieu
tenant in New York. Who Is this in
citer to riot? Where was he on November
,4, 1FT4. when 3n altercation took place at
the polls In this city? What relation did
he sustain to the man who was shot on
that occasion? Who wa? tried for mur
der then committed? Who was dis
charged because the Jury disagreed? Over
whose head still hangs the charge of mur
der?
"Dees this man Intend to return to fhs
practices of which he was master twenty-
Fix years ago? Is not this. threat of riot
ins a revival of the ruffianism of a quar
tr-r of a century ago? But this man is
too late for this form of political activ
ity.- "
F;w«-ial Dispatch to Th« CSall
New York Pastor Says
He Has Inspired Vio
lence at Pools.
LEADER BRYAN
IS CENSURED
FROM PULPIT
R-E-D F-I-R-E
On Big Dome
WILL BE THE SIGNAL THAT
McKINLEY
Has Carried
NEW YORK.
RED BOMBS
Shot High in Air :
WILL CERTIFY THAT :
McKINLEY :
Has Carried -
CALIFORNIA.
Depend Upon It
That Truth Is
Ukiminating
the Night.
When You See Search
light's Rays You Can
i
j READ THE MESS\GES IN THH SKiES
R-E-D -
FLASHES PSOn
the
SEARCHLIGHT
will
INDICATE
VICTORY
for'
McKINLEY.
Flashes of Living Light
WH1 Pierce the Heav
ens in Six Coun
ties. Watch
Them and
: G=R=E=E=N
\ FLASHES FROM :
: SEARCHLIGHT
I will
INDICATE
§1 C T O RY
Residents in Alamieda,
Contra Costa, Mann,
fan Mateo and
Santa CSara
Counties
Can
RESULT OF THE ELECTION TO B0 SIGNALED
FROM GREAT DOME OF THE CALL BUILDING
VOLUME LXXXVHI-NO. 158.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1900.
Continued on - Second Page.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Continued on /Second' Page.Both Sides Claim Delaware.
. WILMINGTON, Del.; Nov.. 4._Both
sides still claim victory. . No move of an
important nature *' was- made > during • the
day by the leaders ; of cither party. Tho
day was featureless.-
TRAVELERS FOR McKINLEY.
In Nebraska Poll of the Organization
Is largely Republican.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Nov. 4 — ThA f A u A «.
Ingr telegram was sent Vo PrSjLS m
Klnley; Governor RSoseveltSd*"^:
NtbraS^T^Ivete 6^ 9'Nell of" the
Traveling Men's McKlnley
?^I aS *™re rcU1 tra velers have returned
to the. normal 90 per ctnt '. nenuhiiran Vw
careful poll of Nebraska *lv" BrVi? m_ S^
K!nl«,y 1095: Vim. vlgo?. "]£»£"£? ISvJ^
caI on ?i n £ xp V\? of llb *"y. McKlhley prosperity
and Mark Hanna commercialism. *'"*'*'""*
CLEARm G AWAY THE
~ DEBEIS AT 'BEBRYSBURG
Mine Boss Ollie Marks Succumbs
and His Brother William
Will Die. ;
.PHIIitilPPI. '."W. Viu, Nov. 4.— The work
of clearing, the mine at Berrysburg pro
gressed so well to-day that operations
will be resumed to-morrow. The explo
sion was caused by dynamite and not by
gas. 'The list of victims as previously
given was correct. Mine Boss Ollie Marks
is also dena and his brother, William
Marks, will die.
James 'Jackson is not expected to live.
The miners . are all negroes.-- and if • the
explosion had occurred ¦; during the day
there would have been many lives lost.
Some of the bodies were torn into many
pieces by "the force of the explosion.-
Tennessee for Bryan.
: NASHVILLE, . Tenn., Nov. 4.— State
Chairman - FItzpatrick, Democrat, .de
clares Democratic victory • in Tennessee
is assured. The Republicans claim a gain
of. three Congressmen and the election
of one Gold Democrat, and expect mater
ial gains. In tiic Legislature. The, result,
they, assert, . will" place; Tennessee" in the
Republican column, by electing John Mc-
Gall Governor and -giving McKinley a
majority. .¦' '-'^MtBktStSSSBBEBSttBBAt
l'o a ws: PreClnCt command ers" and is as fol-
"Tactics and methods of intimldato™
««;"• «M Rlchmoidf. who have Sfed
.thirty days in an election dlntrlJt and whS
ffrj^vzf^'i'nefHS ar* 5
officials a communication In whlc^h Other
he has received information to th* 5r ay8
community to interfere : with f?n2 i°« th . e
date voters on election dav sf,™ 'ntlmi
ent McCuliagh says; s "Perintend
"I do not hesitate to state thaf ?>, •
S£>3s& 4rSr< ft S=
K t a^'^„s„•S%Kffi>¦J»''"
assaulted If they attlrSpt to'Tth 9^ 1 ,,,**
Continued From First Page.
MEANS A RIEGN OF TERROR
address of Charles R. Flint and others,
who claimed to be Democrats, but urge
Democrats to vote the Republican ticket.
Mr. Bryan said he was glad to find that
Mr. Frtnt was supporting McKinley, and
added:
"Mr. Flint Is. the leading member of the
Rubber Goods Manufacturing Company,
and is also connected with the Starch
Trust. He "has been the most conspicu
ous defender of the trust principle in the
United States, having made a speech at
Boston in May, 1899, and another at Chi
cago recently on that subject. I am glad
to have all trust magnates support the
Republican ticket, for, if I am elected,
they will not be visiting the White House
and asking favors in return for campaign
support. Our appeal is to the people who
Buffer from the trusts, not to the monopo
lists who profit by /them. Next to im
perialism and militarism, the trust ques
tion has done more than any other ques
tion to convince the plain people that the
Republican party is entirely given over to
the control of organized wealth. im
perialism exploits abroad while private
monopoly plunders at home, and the
large army advocated by the Renuhlioan
party Is intended to support the «vK!
of spoliation at home and abroad " J StCm
When Mr. Bryan reached Lincoln to
night he had been absent ' from • hnml
about five and a half, weeks. DUring thTt
time he has traveled about 9000 miles and
has made about BOO speeches. Previous^
entering upon this tour and since the "am?
paign had begun he had.made at least 100
speeches and had traveled about 7000
miles, making about 16,000 miles traveled
and over G00 speeches delivered by him
during the campaign. y nim
¦¦ In point of tlmo New, York and Illinois
have received more attention from the na
tional candidate than any- other two
States The campaign has been confined
almost .exclusively to the country east of
Lincoln and north of the Mason and Dix-
Of the territory covered Iowa is the only
State In which no speeches have been
made. Mr Bryan has gone all around the
State and has crossed it six or seven times
during the campaign, but" he has not done
more in the way of campaigning than to
shake hands with: the people at the rail
road stations. Pennsylvania also received
comparatively little attention
The crowds have increased 'steadily in
numbers from the beginning of the cam-
paign, and In many parts of the country
strong^enthusinsm^has. been manifested.
Upon the whole there was apparently
more interest in the cities than in rural
A r ?ii?' . In ",£ ew Jerse y. °hio. Indiana
and Illinois there were especially ble
crowds, and at most points in those States
the Interest was intense. ..This may also
be said of the cities In the State of NeV
Continued From First Page.
BRYAN SAYS HE HAS WON
thome. He exhorted his hearers to re
member that a divine hand formed man
and that it is the duty of the human pro
duct to strive to keep the temple worthy
of the dwelling of the holy spirit. There
was no reference in the sermon to the
President or to political affairs. A notice
able fervor was thrown into the ritualistic
portion of the pastor's prayer, in which
puidance and strength were invoked for
the President
In addition to the drive taken by Mr.
and Mrs. McKinley this atternoon. they
received numerous callers, who wanted a
handshake. The visitors were mostly fel-
Jow townspeople, though there were
groups of commercial men who went from
the hotels to get a grip from the Presi
dent's hand.
There has been no change in the Presi
dent's plans. He will probably vote early
Tuesday morning and then remain at
home to watch the casting of ballots
throughout the land, as reported to him
by lieutenants in places which are re
parded as essential to victor}-. He has at
his command private telephone and tele
graphic wires and an extra force of oper
ators.
STANCHFIELD GIVES UP FIGHT.
Convinced That Democracy Cannot
Carry New York.
NLW YORK, Nov. 4.-John B. Stanch
field. Democratic candidate for Governor
of New York, according to an intimate
political friend, is convinced that the Re
publicans will sweep the State on Tues
day.
Mr. Stanchfield's hopes have given way
to despair, according to one of the men
with whom he talked on Saturday night
while in this city. He and his friends
north of the Bronx estimated that they
would be able to keep tho Republican plu
rality up State down to 80,000. If the
counties south of the Bronx should give
the 100,000 Democratic plurality which
Croker promised the Democrats would
carry the State by 20,0u0 plurality.
While he was here Mr. Stanchfield
learned enough about the local situation
to become satisfied that the party plu
rality south of the Bronx would fall tens
of thousands short of what local lead
ers had been promising. This fact. His
friend said, convinced him that defeat
was inevitable, and that the Republicans
would carry the State by a large plural
ity. m
WOOLLEY'S FINAL STATEMENT.
PEORIA, 111.. Nov. 4.— John G. Woolley
f pent the day quietly here, resting in
preparation for his last day's work of
the campaign to-morrow. Mr. Woolley
this evening issued the following state
ment:
W# ProhlbltionlBU do not dlrMe our work ¦
into cunpaignt. It goee right on. I go East
to Toronto. New York and Baltimore to make
the t*me kind of speeches I have delivered for
thirteen year*. "With our share in this prewsnt !
canvass I am well «ati«fl«l. There is euch |
%*stneea !n a Federal election ihat one cannot
foretell or even tell after hl/effect on it. but
he may know always and rejoice in knowing
the quality of his message- to his country at
*t> great a time. The Democratic party ha»
aetumed an electorate of galley rlaves «jid
preaches mutiny. The Republican party has
Bi-famri a civic monster, half hog. half hypo
crite, and preaches "prestige abroad and pros-;
perity at home." The Prohibition party has'
assumed manhood, liberty and independence"
and preaches Christ, the king and savior of
the world. JOIfN G. WOOI^LEY. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call,
r
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Twenty-seven-
States, having 294 electoral votes, are
claimed for McKinley an'd Roosevelt In
the final estimate issued to-day by
the Republican National Committee from
its headquarters In this city. In its state
ment the committee' says:
"On. the eve of election the Republican'
National Committee's forecast of the re
sult, based on absolutely authentic and
unimpeachable figures and facts, differs
from its previous forecasts only In in
creasiftg the magnitude of the triumph
which Tuesday will bring to v the cause of
national honor and prosperity. All sources
of the committee's information, including
many that are very .'unwilling witnesses,'
concur - in indicating the conclusion - that
Tuesday's election will, prove a verUable
landslide for McKinley and seal the doom
of Bryan and Bryanism forever.
"The prime cause of this irresistible
and overwhelming popular revolt against
the Bryan Populist ticket Is perfectly ob
vious. It consists in the , desire of the
people to maintain the prosperity which
they have enjoyed and how enjoy under
the. policies of the McKinley administra
tion, and in their well-grounded fears of a
public calamity In case Bryan were to be
elected.
"The laboring man, his wife and his
children remember the poverty, the mis
ery : and despair which shrouded their
lives in the black years previous to Mc-
Klnley's inauguration, and they . remem
ber, with gratitude the relief which has
come . to them since . then, with abundant
employment aftd largely increased wages.
They listen now to Bryan's Invitations to
throw away their advantage, but they
respectfully decline them.
"Business men of the United States re
member what happened to them in those
same dark years, and they know what
the practical result of the election of 1896
has been in reference to the rehabilita
tion and prosperity of all lines of com
mercial enterprise during the last four
years. They correctly regard the propo
sition to indorse Bryan and his free trade
theories as nothing, short of insanity,
i "Farmers are not likely to forget the
evil days when they were reduced to bank
ruptcy and almost to beggary, and now,
with their mortgages lifted, their farm
products bringing greatly increased prices
and their homes filled with comfort and
4oy, they do not propose to change, their
conditions at the behest of the ' false
prophet of 1896 and the anarchical agita
tion of 1900.
"All who have remunerative work to
do, all who have wages paid to them, all
who have business to protect and develop,
all who have money deposited in savings
banks or invested in homes of their own,
have been confronted with a threat to
reduce the" value of _their property by
one-half and have been asked < to ratify
this suicidal proposition by their votes.
As they constitute the great mass of the
American people and as- they- are sane,
sensible and honorable men, the over
whelming majority for McKinley and
against Bryan which Tuesday will record
is thus accounted for. ¦
"The people know that the country has ¦
prospered under McKinley, that wages
have risen to a higher rate than ever be
fore, that employment Is abundant for
all,, that the savings, of labor have in
creased , a half billion dollars, that-com
mercial prosperity has been universal and
the - commercial .honor safeguarded
against the advocates of repudiation,
and- so they naturally have decided to re
elect him and continue present conditions
of national prosperity and safety." .
The committee's final . official forecast
claims at least" the following States for
McKinley and. Roosevelt:
States i and electoral . votes — California,
9; Connecticut. 6: Delaware. 3; Illinois,
24; Indiana,' 15;- Iowa, 13; Kansas, 10; Ken
tucky; 13; Maine, 6; Maryland, 8; Massa
chusetts. 15; L Michigan, . 14; Minnesota. 3;
New Hampshire; 4; New Jersey, New
York; 36; North Dakota. 3; Ohio, 23;,Ore
gon. 4; Pennsylvania, 32; Rhode Island.
4; Souths Dakota, 4; Vermont 4; Wash
ington,. 4: West Virginia, 6; Wisconsin;
12: ."Wyoming; 3. •* Total; 294. , . : .
.This, statement is signed by Cornelius
N. Biles, Joseph H. Manley, Nathan B.
National Committee Claims Electoral Votes
for McKinley.
•WASHINGTON. Nov. 4,— The Weather
Bureau to-night issued the following: For
the flxst time In ten days the weather
map shows a clear sky over the whole
region from the Paciflo to the Atlantic,
except over a small area on the Middle
Atlantic Coast, where some rain is falling
£? e i ul i t 6 8torm ' tJ » e center
of which is off Hatteras.
The pressure la high over the western
half of the country. These conditions will
surely give clear, fine weather and pleas
ant temperature. In all States on Slon
da y. except possibly showers on the 1m
med ate Atlantic Coast line. While it is
possible for a storm to develop some
where in this broad area by Tuesday the
conditions are unusually favorable for the
continuation of the fine weather Monday
over and throughout Tuesday *" u " ua y
~. . . 'WILLIS L, MOORE.
Chief U. S. Weather Bureau.
Election Day.
Bureau Predicts Fine Weather for
CLEAB SKIES ON TUESDAY.
Scott, Frederick S. Glbbs and Franklin
Murphy.
FINAL ESTIMATES MADE
BY REPUBLICAN MANAGERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— The Call and the
New York Herald have received tele
grams from the. chairman of doubilul
States giving their respective estimates of
the vote on Tuesday next. The Republi
can State Committee claims New York
State will give McKinley a plurality of
100,000. This is based on a canvass in all
of the counties.
Charles Hernly. chairman of the Repub
lican State Committee, says Indiana is
sure and safe for /McKinley and Roose
velt by over thirty thousand.
: George S. Long, chairman of the Demo
cratic State Committee, says: "As con
ditions stand to-day, , the Democrats are
justified in asserting that Ohio will go
against the administration, not on party,
but on patriotic and anti-trust lines.
Corruption alone can prevent."
Lieslie Combs, chairman of the Republi
can State Committee, estimates that Mc-
Kinley will carry Kentucky by 23,000 to
25,(KiO plurality. Former Governor J. B.
McCreary. chairman of the Democratic
State Committee, holds that Bryan will
carry the State by 20,000.
J. Frank Allee, chairman of the Re
publican State Committee, wires that
Delaware will give 4000 plurality for Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt. >
T. J. Atkins, chairman of the Republi
can State Committee, telegraphs that
Missouri will give McKinley a small ma
jority.
J. M. Siebert, chairman of. the Demo
cratic State Committee, says that Mis
souri will give ttryan a majority of from
40.000 to C0.OOO. It will give Mr. Deckery
for Governor a large plurality. "We will
control the next General Assembly," he
added, "and elect thirteen, if not fifteen.
It is ridiculous for Republicans to talk of
carrying* Missouri."
J. H. Edmlston, chairman of the Fusion
State Committee, claims Nebraska safe
for Bryan, and will join in the great land
slide that is coming to him.
P. L. Hall, chairman of the Democratic
State Committee, says the estimate of the
committee is that the Bryan electors will
have a plurality of 16.000.
H. C. Lindsay, chairman of the Repub
lican State Committee, wires: "I have no
reason to change my estimate of a plural
ity of from 5000 to 7000 for McKinley, made
several days ago."
Each party insists that it will surely
carry Kansas on Tuesday. Close observ
ers declare the outlook is uncertain.
Chairman Albaugh of the Republican
State Committee predicts 25,000 plurality
for McKinley. Chairman Ridgeley of the
Fusion Committee gives the State to
Bryan by 15,000 plurality.
William O. Dawson, chairman of the
Republican State Committee, says West
Virginia will give McKinley about 17,000
plurality.
Willard Saulsbury, chairman of the
Democratic State Committee./ says if the
Democratic majority is below 3000 in Dela
ware it should be attributed to the char
acteristic methods of Hanna and Addicks.
Frederick H. Rowe, chairman of the
Illinois Republican State Committee, tele
graphs that the third poll of the State,
taken under direction of -the Republican
Committee, shows a Republican plurality
outside of Chicago of 80.000. He figures the
Republicans will carry Cook County by
25.000.
' Walter Watson, chairman of the Demo
cratic State Committee, says indications
point to the election of Alshuler and the
delivery of the electoral vote of Illinois
to Bryan. He Bald: "I have repeatedly
Bald that the State, outside of Cook
County, would give Bryan and Alshuler
20/i00 majority." „
Parks Martin, chairman of the Demo
cratic State Committee, nays: "Indiana
will give the Democratic national and
State ticket a large plurality. The Re
publican rlalm that we will lose among
farmers is preposterous. We will make
gains in the country districts as well as
in the cities." -
BEPUBLICANS CLAIM IDAHO.
Reports Made at Headquarters by
';Z-', - . . B-sturdin g Campaigners. ~~ ~~ - :
¦WISE, Idaho, Nov. 4,-The Republicans
Epitome of Estimates as Submitted to The Call
by Managers of the Two Parties,
feel more confident than on yesterday of
carrying this Stata for McKinley and the
entire State -ticket. Advices received by
them by letter and. by returning cam
paigners appear to be very satisfactory to
them. Some bets are being made on the
result In this State, even money being
wagered. The Republicans are also bet
ting that they will control the Legisla
ture. The confidence of the Democrats
has undergone no change so far as can
be observed.
CLAIMS OF CHAIRMEN IN
VARIOUS DOUBTFUL STATES
Continued from First Page.
PRESIDENT HAS HO FEAR
Frederico Degetau has been elected. the first delegate to Congress from Porto
Rico. He is a lawyer, having studied In the University of Madrid. He also
studied in the Salamanca and Granada universities. He is & member of several
scientific and philanthropic societies, and was one of the founders of the Societe
Francalse pour L' Arbitrage entre Nations. Mr.: Degetau haa written several
books. He haa always been a Republican in politics, and since 18S2 has taken ac
tive part in the principal events of his country. He was one of the four com
missioners sent to Spain in 1896 to ask for autonomy. He was elected a depu
ty tc the Cortes In 1898, and is president of the local Board of Education at Ban
Juan.
-JT TT"JIEN Cornelius L. Alvprd Jr., former note teller of the First
\ / V / National Bank of New York, who fled frcm New York because
\ / \y he had embezzled nearly $750,000, was arrested In Boston a few
yf days agro he said to the detectives: "I have played and loet; I'll
take the consequences!"
He went back to New York not a heartbroken nor crestfallen man. He fully
realizes the punishment which may be dealt out to him, end takes his capture
philosophically. He told the detectives he had no one to blame but himself. He
was anxious to exonorare any clerk or official connected with the bank of
blame which may have been attached to them. Alvord Is credited with having
stolen $CK>,000 from the bank. $50,000 he says he. spent yearly for llvlrg.
THE MAN WHO STOLE $750,000 FROM THE FIRST • NATIONAL. BANK
OF NEW YORK. FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN THE DAY AFTER
HIS CAPTURE. >' "
AMERICANS IN
MINOR ACTIONS
WITH TAGALOS
Week Devoted to Scouting
on the Island of
Luzon.
Native Orchestra Lures Troops Prom
Their Quarters Near Dagnpan
and Two Soldiers Are
sia.m. , „
MANILA, Nov. 4.-Last w»ek wm d»
voted to active scouting. The insur*enta.
having failed to crush & single sarriaoc.
are now experiencing a reaction.
Lieutenants Wilson and Dorlty of the
Forty-fifth Volunteer Infantry destroyed
£ a >?J a ™ J V klnson ' wlth thirty-four men
0 »t t^t^^ y ." seventh Volunteer Infantry,
attacked 190 insurgents under Colonel Va
len^1^k^»,^ Verlne rwo American prisoners
and capturing a considerable quantity ot
ammunition and supplies *"*"v «"
A native orchestra lured thd United
States troops from their quarters near
w '¦"•J.the insurgents attacked .
wo^ndlnl'thVe 1 ""* *»•*««. and
To-day Senor Buencamlno, representing
the principal ex-insurgents in Manila, re
quested Judge Taft to forward to Wash
ington a signed expression of their
There Is considerable excitement over
the approaching Presidential election
with a good deal of betting on the result.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Tho steamer St.
Paul of the American line, Captain Rob
efts in command, arrived in port today,
twenty-four hours late, with her star
board propeller gone and her engine room
badly damaged. Statements of different
officials vary as to the cause of the ac
cident, but the damage sustained by tho
steamship will probably amount to several
hundred thousand dollars. '
The. St. Paul left Southampton and
Cherbourg on October 24 with a full cargo,
31C cabin passengers and 2-15 in the steer-'
age. About 8 o'clock on tho evening of
Monday last, while some of the saloon
passengers were still at dinner and others
were promenading, a sudden shock was
felt all over the ship, although it was not
sufficiently severe to cause a panic. The
engines were stopped in a few • minutes,
but it is said that during that brief tlmo
the whirling machinery, free of the weight
of the propeller.- wrought havoc In ths
engine room. The officials of the steani
ehip refused to allow anyone to enter
the engine rooms.
One of the engineers of the St. Paul
made the following statement to-night :
"It will tajie five months to repair the
damage, which is to the extent of from
$250,000 to $300,000. The starDoaxd engine
is a wreck. The ship did not strike a
derelict, but an unusually big sea struck
her. throwing the stern out of the water
and the propellers, having no resistance,
made frightfully rapid revolutions, which
caused the starboard engine to race and
the starboard tail Bhaft broke in two and
with the wheel fell into the water. The
amount of damage done Is not surprising
when you take into consideration trie sud
den liberation of, 10,000 horsepower.
"Four of the six cylinders are complete
ly wrecked, two piston rods are bent, one
connecting rod is bent and the starboard
engine shaft is sprung six Inches. The
starboard engine is wrecked beyond re
pair.' 1 . .
•James A. Wright, second vice-president
of the International Navigation Company,
which controls the American line, was u.
passenger on the steamship, having gone
abroad in October to bring back his
family. He said:
"I "was smoking in my stateroom when
I felt a slight tremor throughout the snip
I thought that probably her head had
fallen away a. few points and' th£t she
had in consequence shipped a big sea, Tho
shock was so slight that the average
passenger did not apprehend that any
thing unusual had occurred. I went be
low to lind out what was the matter. I
found that ship had lost her starboard
propeller, together with part of her tail
shaft and had otherwise damaged her
machinery. • .
"Captain Roberts and Chief Engineci
John Hunter are under the impression
that we struck a derelict. We were run
ning at full speed at the time, but were
not overtaxing her engines or driving her.
thief Engineer Hunter, at the moment
of the accident, happened to be passing
through the pantry and Immediately
turned the emergency valve, thus shut
ting off the steam. About tne same timo
the assistant engineer happened to be In
the vicinity of the tail shaft when the
propeller struck something and dropped
off, carrying with it a portion of the tail
shaft, which broke just inside the stern
of the ship. Th.e governing machinery
worked splendidly and the engines were.
brought to a full stop in ten seconds.
"The S.t. Paul will leave Tuesday 'for
the Cramps shipyard, where the neces
sary repairs will be made. Meantime the
Frlesland, which sails on Wednesday for
Antwerp, will take the St. Paul's pas
sengers, mails and freight to Southamp
ton.
Samuel Bettle, acting manager of tho
American line, said to-day, after consul
tation with Chief Engineer Hunter:
"At six minutes past 1 o'clock Wednes
day, while the ship was running at fuil
speed under the most favorable condi
tions, although she was pitching and roll
ing a good deal, the St. Paul's propeller
probably struck a derelict. The tail shaft
broke just inside the ship and the extreme
end of the propeller^ dropped into the sea
and serious damage was done to the star
board, engine, which was stopped within
ten seconds. None of the crew was in
jured and there was no excitement among
the passengers, many of whom remained
undisturbed at dinner, unaware that an
accident had occurred. »The ship had a
succession of strong head winds and seas
throughout, but it was not through driv
ing her that she lost her tall end Bhaft
propeller and stern tubing."
RUN DOWN BY .A LINES.
Cunard Steaiijsr Sinks the Schooner
Mary Mosquito.
QUEENSTOWN. Nov. 4.— The Cunard
liner Saxonia, Captain Prltchard, from
Boston October 27, which arrived here this
morning brought fifteen members of the
crew of the fishing schooner Mary Mos
quito.-which the Saxonia sank off Glouces
ter on the day of her departure from Bos
ton. One member of the crew was
drowned. The Cunarder was not damaged.
Dr. Bond of Chelsea, Mass.. one of the
Saxorpa's passengers, made the following
statement regarding the accident:
"We were proceeding at reduced speed
in the fog and blowing the whistles about
6 o'clock p. m.,'when the lookout reported
a sail ahead. The engines were stopped,
but the Bteamer's way carried her into the
Mary Mosquito, making a big, opening
amidships and flooding the schooner. The
Saxonia s crew worked vigorously and got
out two boats. Into these fifteen of the
crew scrambled and put off from the fast
sinking vessel. Fortunately the sea was
smooth. All the m«n are Portuguese. On©
of ¦• them unfortunately fell into the sea
and was drowned." ." - !
BIG STEAMSHIPS AGROUND.
Furst Bismarck and the Pretoria
Stranded at Schulau.
HAMBTJRG, Nov. 4.— The Hamburg-
American line steamers Furst Bismarck,
bound from this port for New York, via
Southampton and Cherbourg, and the Pre
toria, from here bound to New York by
way of Plymouth, both went aground
while passing down the Elbe at Schulau,
about thirteen miles from here. Assist
ance has been sent from here to help
the stranded vessels off.
Heavy Sea Lifts the Propellers Out
of Water and the Starboard En
gine Racing Is Nearly
Demolished.
American Liner Sustains
Very Serious Accident
in Midocean. .
HAVOC WROUGHT
IN ENGINE ROOM
OF ST. PAUL
Special rH»patrh to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— The Sun has the
following from ,:>ouisville, Ky. : Mrs. H.
W. Lawton, widow of the American gen
eral killed by Filipino sharpshooters, has
giv^n out in full the Utter to Hon. John
Barrftt. written by h« r husband. It is as
follows:
MANILA. F. I. Oct. «. 1S!>».— The Hon. John
Barrett, nt-XJstatcr to £iam. Review of He
vicwF. New Yurk-D<ar Sir: Your letter, with
rroof of your able article for the Review of
Iteviews. duly reached me. I thank, you for
y t*^i<l a n^ t-h**y tisi vt* not. n#*t urn* 3 *! th^m f-r I
have mislaid them so ihat I am not quite pure
of your addres?. This article, like your
others, is the best matter bting published ia
America on the I'hiltpi'ines and Asia. Things
were a little slow at !in=t. l>;it words were put
Into my mouth that I nt*v«-r Kaid. I agree
with you that mistakes have been made here,
but I would to G-kI that the whole truth of
this Philippine situation could bo known by
fvery on* Jn America. I. wish the ]>eople cou!d
know it as I know it and as you know It. for I
r^fcard you as the best Informed and most im
portant authority on all these Asiatic ijucs
tior.s, and 1 think the President made a mis
take in not naming: you as ;. member of the
Philippine Commission.
I spree that if the roal facts in connection
with the- history, inspiration and conditions of
This insurrection and hostile ruptures, local
and external, such as ihr Katipunan Revolu
tionary Society, and th<? Juntas that now en
couraee th*- fn»Biy, as well as the actual pos
sibilities of ih^w I'htUpfine Islands and |>oo
t'lf and the relation to this fcreat East, which
jou have pet forth so ably, could be understood
at home Jn Amerira, we would hear no more
political talk of unjust shooting of the *rov
•rnment Into th* Filipinos or of unwise
thrfats of hauling down our flag In the Fhllip-'
l.>infg.
You are right. Some of us have modified
otir views since we first raffle, and if these
Fj-called anti-imperialists of BostOB would
Iir>nc5tly ascert»in tht? truth on the ftmun<l
here, and nnt in distant America, they, whom
I dislike to Ixlieve to be other than honest men
rris'.r.formed, woul1 be oonvincetl «'f the error
of their exaeffprated statements and conclusion
fn<1 of the cruel and unfortunate e fleet of their
uJjlications here.
It Is kind of you to caution mo about cx
pesure under flr<\ but if I am shot by a Fili
pino bullet it mlEht a* well come from DOC of
my own irPii. Thp»e ar«> ¦ strong words, and
yet I th»-m. ('•¦huw I know from my own
observation, confirmed by stories of capt\Sred
Filipino prisoners; that th» continuance of
fishting; is rhiffly due to report* that are .s^nt
oi)t from America an«l c'.rr-ulated among 1k
fiorant natives l>y If-adpr? whi know better.
This letter, which, of rourw-. is strictly p<»r-
F'lnal. *i'*os not answer all your Question*, but
1* a lcr.g one for m<\ as I want to encourage
you in your labor* to rnakf th<> truth known.
I h^P* I «-hall e*e you nut h*re sdoh In Fome
h:«rh civil jw-ition. We FoMiers ne<><i practical
rtion like- y.->u to h»"lp u*. Thanking you aeain
lor your kind worrtis in prai»«<* of nv>' humble
effertP, I am ''ours very truly.
H. \V. KAWTOX.
l>eclares His Own Countrymen Are
Philippines.
Responsible for the Continua
tion of War in the
His Letter to John Barrett
Made Public in Its
FULL TEXT OF
LAWTON'S LAST
WRITTEN WORDS
New Statesman Is a Lawyer and
Was Formerly a Oepirty to
the Gortes,
PORTO RICO'S DELEGATE
TO AMERICAN CONGRESS
TEE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOYEMBEE 5, 1900.
"I've Played and Lost; I'll Take the
Comseqiuieinices," He Says Wheni
Arrested.
TELLER ALVORD, WHO STOLE
$750,000 FROM A BANK
FREDBRICO DEGETAU, WHO HAS BEEN CH08EN AS THE FIRST
DELEGATE TO THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS FROM OUR NEW
DOMINION OF PORTO RICO.
Stops the Cough
And works off lh» odd. laxative Bromo-Qul
!i re TaKfts cur* A cold in ope £*#. M* wn,
CO p&}'. PriC* ii C»Bl» *
2
ONE PI1RFC
r*^^^^ bottle UUnLO
/ MCBURNEY'S
7%S» Kj|)f Kianey cure
VA *V*y A thorough cue for
C? JL BRICHT'S DISEASE,
34 // ¦ femalo troubles, lneon-
tluenc© of urine, brick **»* ***&*!**
wetting of children, gravel, gall itones,
firopsjr. diabetes, and rheumatism.
T&otwands endorse it. Write lot testimo-
nials. Price $1.50. All Dnjsxists^^
W. F. McBnrney. Sole Manufacturer.
US South Spring St., Loa Angeiat, CM*
...FOR...
McKINLEY
ROOSEVELT
GL0SIN6 RALLIES TO-NIGHT!
NATIVE SONS' HALL
SEVENTEENTH AND VALENCIA STS.
HON. IRVING M. SCOTT will prorido.
EUGENE F. LOUD,
E. MYRON' WOLF.
RICHARD J. WELCH. Nominee for Senator!
E. D. KNIGHT. Nomine* for Assemblyman;
E. F. TREADWELL,
Nominee for Assemblyman:
D. J. MURPHY And Others.
ROUGH RIDERS QUARTET.
SARATOGA HALL
GBARY STREET. NEAR HYDE.
E. O. KNAPP will preside
JULIUS KAHN.
JOHN T. DARE.
E. MYRON WOLF,
JOHN O. TYRRELL,
FRANK D. MACBETH.
D. LOUDERBACK And Others.
KNICKERBOCKER QUARTET.
RICHMOND HALL
(RICHMOND DISTRICT.)
J. II. WILKIN will preside
EUGENE F. LOUD,
M. C. 8LOS3.
H. D. LOVELAND,
A. J. DANNENBAUM.
I. GOLDEN.
B. A. BAUER, Nominee for Assemblrmsnt
And Others.
PARK VlEW HALL,
(Snnset District, South of th« Park).
CORNER NINTH AVE. AND H STREET.
EUGENE F. LOUD.
I. GOLDEN.
EDWARD L WOLFE. Nomine* for 8«n*tor;
ARTHUR O. FISK. Nominee for Assemblyman;
MAXWELL McNUTT And Other*.
TEUTONIA HALL
1S22 HOWARD STREET.
M. A- CUSS ENS will pre»ld«.
JULIUS KAHN.
B. L. McKINLEY.
JOHN T. DARE.
J. G. TTRRELL, Nomtnte for Senator!
JOHN J. HOURIGAN.
Nominee for Assemblyman; And Otliert.
EUREKA QUARTET.
ARMORY HALL
SECOND AND FOLSOM STREET*
JULIUS KAHN.
GENERAL E. S. SALOMON. • ,
J. E. FLYNN, Nomine© for Senators
CHARLE3 R. FRANKLIN.
Nomine* for Assemblyman;.
THOMAS F. GRAHAM And Other*.
COLUMBIA QUARTET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCT ea mm soi I3M " ""^ &d&
IgLfiy I EgMngl case of eczema
Pries S cents. AlJdru*«i»t», or wwt Post
paid on receipt of Prtc* DB. PATH. DS
FORD. 175 N. Sprint it. LosAn«el««. Cat.
,. Judge -.William ' P.: Lawlor should receive
the support of all who believe In an hon-
est, .upright -arid if earless Judiciary. \ •
£ •S^2£V£ W I do ° ot fc *He T « thera
M$E$$SF3$lk a * ca3e °' dy«p«p-
/ggglfJRSaftji «*» indigestion or
jH)'^ >*5hL an ' •tomach tronble
t9^ ' jSjthat cannot be re-
Ks dr*5Br lieTed at once • a(1
111 "SytG&T permanently enrcd
At alf drnwMt,
<ntyy^BKttV$T xo Health and cedi-
1 I r cal «drlce free. 1505
I ' Arch ttreet, Fhfla.
Ill to I Km 1^3 S^jj I H C"l y*l 'III Ml
f%>^>^^ ¦» «* » » *¦
Avicrr OR- JORDAN'S omcatJ
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
T Br ThoL»r»s«tAaste«icUMo»««»»»tt«\
A jtfff 1 Oft. JOROAN-PRITrATE DISUSES $
3 1 I#iBCff Tn limcit prr»ona!ly ft b» letter. *M
f I ff T»il M»l.» CW. in e»«nr c*««n3<:it«^». \
9 • H iJl&naUtiZ. M*ttso »*«• **\
X Q jli" »»lu»W« book for men) A
W OB. JOUDA.N A CO.. 1061 Market SC^S .F. TJ. J. Murphy, who resides In Ocean
View, was locked up last night by Cor
poral Shannahan of the Ocean View sta
tion on the charge of an assault with a
deadly weapon. ' Murphy and his neigh
bor. A. Desban', who resides on Broad
street, had some words - over family
matters. They met In a saloon yes
terday, when Murphy drew j* knife and
threatened to do some carving on the
anatomy of Desban. Corporal Shannahan
arrived Just then.. .. , , .
Threatened to Use a Knife.
Pretty Frames for Photographs.
The new styles In small metal photo
frames are beautiful in shape and de
signs. We have Just a new, in
voice i of the latest : novelties In s oval, cir
cle and square shapes, finished in gilt
ebonized metal, gilt set with Jewels, made
in all sires and at all prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., i 741 Market- street. •
Shantung Province
BERLIN, Nov. 4.— Dispatches from
China, state that the Germans have de
feated a force of Boxers near Kaumi,
Province of Shantung, killing many of
them.
Many Chinese Slain in a Battle in
BOXERS DEFEATED BY GERMANS
LONDON. Nov. 4.— One of the features
of the American market has been the
enormous buying on calls on Southern Pa
cific. The selection of Mr. Hays as suc
cessor to Collls P. Huntlngton was made.
It is- thought here, through the advice of
President Callaway of the New York Cen
tral. Mr. Hays' resignation as general
manager of the Grand Trunk took the
British shareholders by surprise and Sir
Charlea Rivers Wilson, president of the
Grand Trunk, left for America yesterday
to look the ground over.
Active in London.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1900, by th« Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Successor the Stock Has Been
Since the Selection of Huntington's
It is probable that Earl Cadoga, Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland, will defer his resig
nation for some months. : - V- <
¦ •
HEAVY BUYING ON CALLS
—< ON SOUTHERN PACIFIC
For minor posts. Hugh Oakley Arnold
Forster, Lord Stanley and Lord Craborne,
eldest son of the Premier, are named.
LONDON, Nov. 5.— The TJmes an
nounces this morning that George Wynd
ham. who was Parliamentary Under Sec
retary of State for War in the late Cab
inet, will probably be appointed Chief
Secretary for Ireland. It 6ays It Is also
likely that Walter Hume Long, who was
president of the Board of Agriculture,
will become president of the local Gov
ernment board, and that Robert William
Hanbury, who was Financial Secretary of
the Treasury, will be given the Post
master Generalship, with a seat In the
Cabinet.
According to the same authority the
Marquis of Londonderry *Will be appoint
ed president of the Board of Agriculture
and Austin Chamberlain will be removed
from the post of civil Lord of the Ad
miralty to that of Flnanoial Secretary of
the Treasury.
Billet of Chief Secretary for
Ireland.
George Wyndham May Receive the
POSSIBLE APPOINTMENTS
UNDER BRITISH CROWN
PRAIRIE DU CHIEN. Wis.. Nov. 4.—
Discoveries : of pearls in the upper Mis
sissippi River have caused a tremendous
rush to the dam beds. Houseboats are
crowding the ; river and more than 1000
persons are encamped ' along ' the river
bank. The finding of a few. thousand dol
lars' worth of pearls started the raid.
One of the pearls recently found weighed
100 grains and la eald to be the largest
pearl ¦ yet taken from the river. It ' was
sold for. $3000.
rich: pearls found
in the mississippi
In those legislative districts where there
are contests the day was one of labor.
Every' effort -was being made by the lead
ers of the Quay and anti-Quay factions
to bring their forces into, line for Tues
day's conflict.
In the Third District, formerly repre
sented by Samuel J. Randall, and which
is in Philadelphia. Congressman McAleer,
Democrat, and Henry Burk. Republican,
are the candidates. Charges of police in
terference, repeating, false registration
and all manner of political frauds are be
ing made on both sides. Both claim vic
tory here. ¦
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 4.-Efforts to
day were confined almost entirely to
putting the finishing touches to the lead
ers' plans In those Congressional and
Legislative districts where there are con
tests of any moment. The two most
notable fights for Congress are in -the
Twenty-seventh and Third districts. In
the former, Congressman Joseph C. Bib
ley, who was elected two years ago as
a Democrat, but who during the recent
session of Congress announced his al
legiance to the Republican party, is the
candidate against Lewis Emery Jr.,
Democrat The fight here is a bitter one,
and the result la doubtful.
Congressmen.
FRAUD IS CHARGED.
Bitter Contest in Philadelphia Over
TIENTSIN, China, Sept. 28.— The return
of Li Hung Chang to Tientsin has brought
about a marked change for the better in
the native city. Hardly had the old states
man been settled in his yamen on the
edge of the walled city before shops be
gan to open, well-dressed Chinamen be
gan to appear on the streets, and now
the walled city Is being gradually rehab
ilitated. That portion of it which was not
utterly destroyed is being rebuilt, after
a fashion, and all available houses are
being made ready for the cold weather.
Ll Hung Chang has remained In his
yamen during his stay here. He has re
ceived a great many visits from business
men, as he has extensive commercial in
terests, but officially little notice has been
taken of his presence by the powers. Rug.
sla and the United States alone have given,
him official recognition as an official of
the imperial Chinese Government. Gen
eral Chaffee called on the Viceroy the
day after his arrival from- Peking and
had a long conference. As Viceroy of
China Ll said he would promise that not
again in his province would the Chinese
taka tho initiotlve in hostilities. It is re
ported on reliable authority that Ll has
said to others In the same connection that
If Great Britain and the United States
would agree en a common policy the set
tlement would not be long delayed, fn
the absence of such an agreement he Is
not sanguine of an early settlement.
a Good Effect.
Presence of Earl Li Hung Chang Has
TIENTSIN BEING REBUILT.
Agent Shoenfelt Recommends Pas
sage of Laws to Prevent Imposi
tion Upon Lo.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— United States
Indian Agent Shoenfelf, in charge of the
Union agency, whose Jurisdiction com
prises the five civilized tribes, protests in
his annual report against unlawful occu
pation of the Indian lands, and urges
rigid Congressional legislation to protect
the Indian citizen against the encroach
ment of . aggressive and grasping whites.
Many of tho Indians are too poor to insti
tute suit for possession.
The total population of the five civilized
tribes is estimated at 84,750. The agent
says that there is now every reason to
believe that the Indian depredations and
disturbances In this region are at an end.
A few full-blooded Creeks are strenously
opposing the allotments of lands, and have
banded together and refused to appear to
select their allotments. A large majority
of the Creeks have made selections. The
reports recommends that Congress appro
priate out of the Cherokee funds a suf
ficient amount to pay the indebtedness of
the nation, and that a law be passed com
pelling the five tribes to adopt a uniform
system of taxing non-citizens residing and
doing business in the limits of the nation.
portant Part in Supporting the
German Product.
BERLIN, Nov. 4.— The Bourse had the
best week^it has known since the down
ward movement In prices began, about the
middle -of April. The American Iron mar
ket reports also played a large role in
supporting the prices of German iron
shares, notwithstanding the fact that the
reports from the centers of production
here had been growing ¦worse- and worse.
The Dusseldorf Iron Bourse experienced
a heavy fall yesterday from the prices
recorded a fortnight ago, and Breslau
dealers reduced rolled Iron five marks per
ton. In the Siegon district many opera
tives were discharged, and the waiting at
titude of the consumers has grown pro
nounced. However, these conditions failed
to influence the Bourse.
Orders for industrials show good gains.
Government funds remain strong.
The increased speculation improved the
demand for money, causing an advance In
the private discount rate yesterday to
'4^ per cent.
Considerable attention is attracted to
the forthcoming nationalization of the.
Swiss railways. German capital Is ex
pected to participate heavily. American
participation excites apprehension In the
Berlin financial press, which Is evidently
growing Jealous of American successes in
the field of finance.
ASKS PROTECTION FOR (
INDIANS AGAINST WHITES
American Iron Markets Played Im-
BERLIN MONEY MABKET
HAD EXCELLENT WEEK
CHARLESTON, 8. C, Nov. 4.— Charles
FJr.ley Brown. 12 years old, is dead from
injuries received while being hazed at
the Porter Military Academy last Mon
day. The boys dropped him into a ce
ir.er.ted swimming basin twelve feet deep.
The besin was dry at the time, and the
lad received internal injuries from the
fall.
Hazing Causes Death.
TIENTSIN. China. Sept. 2S.— Russian
rr^rations to the north of China are be
ing watched with keen Interest by the
other powers. Since the taking of the
1'ehtr.ng forts, followed a few days later |
by the occupation of the forts at Lutai.
the Russian advance upon the line of the j
preai coal minr-s at Tung Shan has be.en ;
pteady. The Russians are now fcs the j
vicinity of Tur.grshan. The coal supply j
probably will be tho most important queo I
tton which will confront the armies and j
the value at the control of the Tungshan I
mine* Is evident. With a railway direct :
to Tongku. Tientsin and part of the way j
to Peking, the Tungshan mines, if cap- j
tured. unharmed, will easily supply tne i
armies now in China and ail the troops I
that are expected-
Shanhaikwan is also regarded as a
point of vital imponar.ee. It is an oper
.-md ice free port, with deep water and
ratural advantages for the construction
ot docks. The railway which connects it
•nlth Tongku was built by British capital
and leased to the Chinese. That itwil*
form a subject of diplomatic negotiation
i~ not doubted In well informed circles.
In the event of the occupation of Shan
haikwan by Russia or any other na
tion it is understood that America and the
other powers represented here will de
mand port privileges. Practically but
eight weeks remain until the closing of
Taku by ice and Shanhaikwan remains
th*> only available open port for the land
ing of belated supplies or supplies ne
cessitated by the exigencies of the situa
tion.
RUSSIA'S STEADY ADVANCE.
Vigilance Committee of Mansfield
'V> Citizens Deals Sharply With
-•' \ Zionist Loblaw.
MANSFIELD. Ohio, Nov. 4.— A vigi
lance committee of men and boys cap
tured a Dowie elder. Mark Loblaw, of
Chicago, accompanied by a woman, here
about noon to-day. E. H. Lelby. a local
Dowieite. who was witn them, was chase!
to a swamp and made his escape. •
Loblaw and the woman were taken to
the Brie depot and after being held there
for two hours were compelled to buy tick
et* for the next town. In the meantime
another elder, who refused to give his
name, waa also brought in by a citizen
'and* put on the same train. Both men
were kicked and cuffed by the crowd,
which numbered several hundred, before
the train arrived.
While the unknown elder endeavored to
make a speech from tlie rear platform of
the train he was pelted with stones and
gravel.
DOWLb ELDER- FORCED
TO LEAVE THE CTTY
or Leg.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Nov. 4.— The condition
of Senator C. K. Davis is reported as de
cidedly worse to-night and grave fears
are entertained that if his life Is saved
it may be at the cost of his foot or pos
sibly his right leg.
The pus which has formed In the foot
has now gathered farther back and indi
cations are that it is permeating the en
tire limb. The surgeons held a consulta
tion to-day and decided to send to Chicago
for a specialist The Senator suffered
much pain to-day.
If His Life Is Saved It "Will Be by the
Amputation of His Foot
SENATOR DAVIS IS
B.ZPOE.TED MUCH: WORSE
DENVER, Nov. 4. — Melton Smith., chair
man of the Democratic party in the State,
to-day estimated Bryan's plurality in Col
orado at the coming election at 75.000. Al
though a complete fusion on the State
ticket was effected when the State con
ventions of the Democrats. Silver Repub
licans and Populists were held, each party
has maintained separate headquarters
during the campaign. The chairmen, of
the other two fusion parties do not esti
mate Bryan's plurality quite so liberally,
but both agree that It will be over 60.000.
The claim of the fusionists as to the re
pult in the State election is that James B.
Orman, Democrat, will win by 45,000. Sil
ver Republican State Chairman Griffith
say* that not over twelve members of* the
next Legislature will be pledged to vote
for Senator Wolcott to succeed himself.
Congressman Bell's election is claimed by
20.000, and Shafroth's by 10,000.
. Republican State Chairman Ford, while
making no reference to the results of the
national election, says:
"The entire State Republican ticket will
be elected. Arapahoe County will give a
substantial Republican majority, and the
outside counties ¦will come down to Arap
ahoe with a fair Republican plurality."
rality at 75,000.
Democrats Put Bryan's Probable Plu-
RIVAIi CLAIMS IN COLORADO.
Republicans Claim Sweeping Victory
for Their Ticket.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Nov. 4.— Sunday
proved a day of great activity among the
political workers of the State. The fact
that the campaign virtually closed last
night did not deter the leaders from oc
cupying to-day with almost incessant
work, and the political fences in every
city, town, borough, village and hamlet
were examined with the greatest care anby
repairs effected where necessary.
Serenity permeated the atmosphere of
the Republican headquarters, while the
claims of the Democrats Indicated a grow
ing confidence. The Democratic State
Central Committee to-night claims to
have narrowed the probable margin of
a McKlnley victory in the State to 6000. as
against E000. the outside figure proclaimed
last night. On the State ticket the claim
of a minimum majority of 1500 for Bron
son for Governor is raised to 7000. The
Democrats also claim that they will elect
fifteen out of the twenty-four State Sen
ators.
The Republican leaders concede nothing,
and with much calmness claim a sweep
ing victory throughout the State on Presi
dent, State officers, Congress and the Gen
eral Assembly.
SITUATION TN CONNECTTCXJT.
TONGU, China. Oct. 2.— A gift of a
large quantity of flour, rice and tobacco
from the King of Korea to the allied
forces has arrived here and been for
warded to Tientsin for distribution. The
present was accompanied by a letter from
his Majesty expressing his friendship and
goodwill to the allies and begging them
to accept the supplies There were in all
3116 sacks of flour. 9S6 sacks of rice and
2000 boxes of cigarettes, which have been
apportioned among the respective troops.
The share of the Americans has been for
warded to the m»n at Peking.
The gift caused considerable comment
here and especially in view of the fact
that the letter from the Korean ruler
expressly requested that the supplies he
equally distributed among the forces. This
naturally includes the Japanese. The
cigarettes are much sought after as
eouvenirs.
•
GIFTS FROM KOREA'S KING.
The members of the board are Captain
W. Fountain. Eighth Cavalry, and Cap
tain S. W. Foster, Fifth Cavalry- Captain
and Assistant Surgeon J. D. Poindexter,
stationed at Fort Reno, accompanied the
expedition.
A single ration is supposed to contain
enough food to sustain a man a day, and
in its package weighs .slightly more than
a pound.
The board has two different emergency
rations with which it will experiment. The
first is a ration prepared by the board
after an examination and analysis of the
food preparations used in nearly all the
European armies. The board's observa
tions and conclusions are embodied In the
ration, which was manufactured under its
supervision. The second Is a ration pro
duced by a company at Passalc. N. J. C
The New Jersey ration consists "of tea
in place of chocolate, and a combination
of meat and breadstuffs compactly ar
ranged. ,
The board's own ration consists of two
cakes of pure, sweet chocolate, three cakes
of a combination of meat and breadstuffs
in compressed form and a small quantity
of salt and pepper for seasoning. • '
Captain •Fountain, who is president or
the board, said of the experiment: "Our
expedition will leave Fort Reno Just as if
it had been called suddenly away from its
base of supplies to fight an enemy in an
unknown and hostile country. The rou
tine of daily life will approximate as
closely as possible the conditions of
actual warfare. Five regular field rations
and live of the board's emergency rations
will be issued to each man at the start.
For two days the men will live on the reg
ular army field ration. On the third day
this field ration will.be abandoned and
the men put on the emergency ration,
which will be their only food for five days.
The test will be as rigorous as possslble,
so far as food is concerned. The results
will form the basis of the board's report
to the War Department.
"At the end of the seventh day we will
reach Fort Sill. The men will still have a
three days' supply of regular field rations,
which will be enough to carry them back
to Fort Reno." ¦
FORT RENO. O. T., Nov. 4.— The board
of officers detailed by the War Depart
ment to find If possible an emergency ra
tion that will meet all the requirements
of troops engaged in active warfare while
away from their base of supplies and in a
hostile country where provisions are
scarce left here yesterday with a detach
ment of twenty-five men from Troop A,
Eighth Cavalry, for experimental pur
poses. The men will observe the same
routine as if they were engaged in an
active campaign against an enemy.
Men on the March Required to Sub
sist on Specially Prepared Food
Averaging One Pound
Per Kation.
Board of Officers With Troop
A Making a Hard
Test.
Strong Garrisons to vBe Es
tablished in Districts
of Transvaal.
Will Be Made Bases From Which
Cavalry Will Operate Through
the Surrounding
• Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PRETORIA. Oct. 31. via Bloemfontein.
Nov. 4.— General French has arrived at
Springs, a few miles from Johannesburg,
after a difficult march from Barbeton. He
has lost 1500 transport oxen since his ad
vance from Machadodorp. It Is believed
the plan of moving large bodies of troops
about the country will now be aban
doned, and the complete subjugation of
the country will be attempted by means
of garrisons in district towns, which will
be well stocked with provisions and made
bases for mounted troops that will scour
the territory around these bases.
General Roberts, before starting on his
return to England, thanked his body
guard for its efficient services, and pre
sented to each of the men an autograph
photograph of himself. The principal
members of General Roberts' old Starr
will leave to-nlghyfor England. Colonel
Hamilton has been appointed military
secretary to General Kltchner, upon
whom tho military command has devel
oped. The new headquarters staff la v
ing rapidly installed.
The funeral of Prince Christian Victor,
grandson of the Queen, who died here of
enteric fever, will take place to-morrow.
A telegram from the Queen commanding
that he be buried In a soldier's grave ar
rived just in time to stop the arrange
ments made for sending the body to Eng
land.
The mounted forces are being { re
equipped. The New Zealand contingent
left for Rustenberg to-day.
The greatest satisfaction is expressed
by the British here because of the refusal
of the Queen of the Netherlands to give
an official reception to ex-President
Kruger upon his arrival in that country,
also because of the action of the Brussels
'authorities in refusing a permit for any
demonstration when Kruger reaches bc
gium.
The remaining battalion of the Royal
Canadian Regiment left for home to-day.
BOER PAVILION CXOSED.
French. Exposition Authorities Take
Exception to Placards.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900. by tho Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS, Nov. 4. — The exposition authori
ties have closed the Transvaal pavilion
because Mr. Pierson, tho Transvaal com
missary general, refused to remove tho
inscriptions insulting to England with
which the walls are covered.
Declares the Filipino Has
Not Contra verted Any
Pacts.
Discusses the Open Letter of the Rep
resentatives of the Insurgents
and Points Out Its
Weak Spots.
BUFFALO, N. T., Nov.' 4.— Professor
Jacob Schurman, who passed through this
city this afternoon en route from the West
to Ithaca, gave out the following reply to
an open letter addressed to him by Sixto
Lopez:
Mr. Slxto Lopes' ¦ open letter of the Sd inst.
addressed to me, although I have not yet seen
it except In the newspapers, is a gratifying
proof cf the correctness of the report of the
Philippine Commission. Mr. Lopez by his de
clarations confirms all I have eald of the prom
ising educational possibilities in the Philippines
anl the admiral character of the educated Fil
ipinos, few though they are. who may be taken
as a type and promise of the future. Nor does
Mr. Lopez deny that the' masses of the in
habitants of the .Philippine Islands of all
tribes end races are uneducated and very Ig
norant. Furthermore, by silent acquiescence
in the report of our committee Mr. Lopez
acknowledges that the majority of the Filipinos
either desire American sovereignty, as Is the
case with the men of education and property,
or acquiesce in It, or are- Indifferent to it. and
that the demand for Independence originated with
the^ambltlous Tagalo Insurgent leaders who have
diffused it with fire and sword, aided by atro
cious, misrepresentations of the aims and pur
poses of the Unltftd States. Lastly, Mr. Lopez
does not question the finding of our commis
sion that the inhabitants of the Philippine
Islands are marked by great racial and tribal
differences, by immense; varieties of social con
ditions, which range all the way from the
civilization of Manila down through all phases
of barbarism to the naked savage of Minando
and Northern Luzon, by a bewildering multi
plicity of languages which are mutually un
intelligible by dense ignorance on the part of
the masses of the people, by the absence of
union and concert and the utter lack of the
Idea and sentiment of nationality and by the
absolute inexperience of all classes In the af
fairs of government, which Spain always kept
in Spanish hands.
And the consequence to be drawn from all
this Is equally Indisputable; nor does Mr.
Lopez seek to dispute it. namely, that the
various and diversified peoples of the Philip
pine Islands are at the present time Incapable
of being considered as a nation; they are ut
terly unfit to accept sovereignty over the
archipelago, even If the American people
wished to invest them with it; nor have they
"any hop« of ever becoming a free and self
governing nation, except in the continuance of
American sovereignty over them, and in the
peace, prosperity and ever-Increasing liberty
of self-government which the American flag
guarantees them. Pull down our flag and you
leave the Philippines a prey to internal feuds
and domestic insurrections which would quickly
beget anarchy. This would necessitate the
interventlon of foreign powers for the protec
tion of the lives and property of their subjects.
Of course, the islands would eventually be di
vided up amons them and the Filipinos would
exchange the free institutions and home rule,
which the American people desire as soon as
possible and in the l&rgeot degree practicable,
to bestow upon them, for the genuine lmperial
lim of the Old world emperors, kings and
czars. It Is the mission of our republic to
save the Filipino*, who, in general, are most
promising, estimable and even lovable people,
from this cruel fate, and to train them up to
the use of free Institutions and the noble work
of self-government Just as quickly and an gen
erously as they or any portion of them can be
induced to exercise a civic function, so arduous
and so unaccustomed.
EXPERIMENTING
WITH RATI0NS
NEW PLAN TO
CRUSH BOERS
SCHURMAN MAKES
REPLY TO LOPEZ
Special Dispatch .to The Call.
COLUMBIA, S. C, Nov. 4. — James Swink. whose people have wealth and large interests in cotton mills at 'Wood
ruff. Spartanburgpounty, is in Jail at Spartanburg, charged with the murder o.f Mrs. "Wilhelmina Pearson, a very
well connected women and a leader in society, by whipping her .to death.
The affair of the whipping has been kept from the public since its occurrence in the middle of September
through the influence of Swink- It probably never would have been known had not .Mrs. Pearson, after terrible
suffering for six weeks, succumbed to the injuries Inflicted. The full story Is not yet known, but the main facts are
that Swink discovered Mrs. Pearson, who was a constant visitor at his house and a friend of the ladies of his family,
was bringing notes from a young man in Woodruff to one of the ladles. The contents of" the note Intercepted by Swink
may be made known at the trial. They can be conjectured now by the course pursued by Swink.
He had barely made the discovery when Mrs. Pearson called. Going into the parlor armed .with a stick or horse
hide he beat the woman until she became unconscious. When she revived he ordered her to leave Woodruff and she
went on the next train to Gastonia, N. C. There she was Joined by her husband, who had been spending a month in
the North Carolina mountains. She became ill on reaching town and after suffering for six weeks died of her in
juries Her husband testified before a committing magistrate that his wife's body was blackened by the strokes of the
stick. The young man who wrote the notes was warned in time to escape and is now in the West.
Swink "does not deny the whipping. His defense is that it did not produce death. The whole community is con
siderably stirred up. ... . .
Rich South Carolinan Must Answer for the
Alleged Killing of a Society Leader.
the vicinity of Nome. He also rccom
monds that lighthouses with fog whis
tles be established in Southeast Alaska
at the following places:
Cape Cox, near the southern boundary;
Cape Cimmanna, entrance from the north
into Congas Narrows; Five Fingers in
Frederick Sound: also a fog signal at
ITnimak Pass. He also recommends a
inilltarv reservation at Dutch Harbor and
a coaling station, and thinks that the
need may arise at some future time for
erecting fortifications at this place.
General Randall, speaking of the na
tives of Alaska, says: "The Esquimau
has been unnoticed by the white man he
has befriended and has been allowed to
die for lack of care and food. From all
points reports have been received of sick- i
ness, starvation and mortality so great
that it promises to wipe out almost the en
tire race. Lieutenant T. H. Jarvis of the
United States revenue service reported
these facts to me and the tug Meteor was
placed at bis disposal for relief work and
about a hundred destitute natives cared
for at Nome. The revenue cutter Bear
has been distributing supplies to the des
titute natives, while others in the vicinity
of St. Michael have been cared for by the
commanding officer of that post. The
¦work of Lieutenant Jarvis is highly com
mended." , . ,
In closing this particular feature of his
report General Randall says:
"In many parts of the United States
provision has been mude for the Indians.
Reservations have been set apart for
them and food and clothing supplied. In
Alaska it was not necessary heretofore
to supply much, but the great rush of
white men that followed the discovery of
gold has completely changed everything.
The game and fur-bearing animate have
about disappeared and the natives' means
of sustenance are gone.
"I therefore recommend that the Gov
ernment afford some relief to the natives
until such time as they can take care of
themselves."
General Randall ¦ also has this to say
regarding relief to white men who ven
tured into Alaska: •
"I am of the opinion that it would be
a mistake for the Government to give
any general aid in future to th« venture
some classes of white men who come to
Alaska. About 300 have been sent out
on transports and other vessels this year,
and many more will be sent before the
close of navigation. The conditions are
now generally known throughout the
States and the expectation of Government
aid In returning to their homes in case
of failure has, without doubt, been the
hopeful prospect in view to a considera
ble number who have come to the coun
try since 1S97. and especially in the re
cent rush to Nome."
WASHINGTON. Nov. 4. - Brigadier
General George M. Randall, commanding
the Department of Alaska, under date of
Ppptember. at St. Michael, has submitted
his annual report. Much sj>ac« Is devoted
to conditions at Nome, which he found
upon his arrival at a critical stage. It
was difficult to obtain convictions by Jury
trial in the United States Commissioner's
off.ee. which emboldened the lawless.
Labor organizations prevented men from
working for lees than $1 an hour and wera
the cause of much, destitution and want
ar.d destruction of property.
Fully 1S.000 people trrived at Nome in
June. Oalm-Jumpine was the order of
the day. Many property-owners were
disposed to defend their rights by taking
the law into their own hands. Th<* ar
rival of troops prevented serious disor
der. The military took charg*. thorough
ly examined Into all complaints, and
where the rights of property should be
determined placed it !c possession of the
lawful owners. Captain W. A. Bethel,
who acted as Judge Advocate in these
cases. Is highly praised by General Ran
tfall.
The Bacltary conditions were placed un
der the charce of Major Charles B.
Ehert. surgeon. The energetic efforts of
the military improved these conditions.
There were apout 59u men working on
the beach at Nome with machinery at
on* time, and many declined to give an
swers concerning the prospects for gold,
while others admitted they were taking
out only from $4 to $S a day. The beach
was practically worked out last year.
The tundra is believed to be rich, but it
¦would require larger capital to produce
results. There is a large area of country
¦which has not been prospected where
gold yet can be found, but it requires a
man of general experience to develop such
a country.
Oeneral Randall says it has been de
cided to establish a permanent military
station on the island of St. Michael. He
recommends the purchase of two stern
wheel river steamers for operations on
the Yukon, and that all coal forage and
building material Intended for Alaska
pests be started from Seattle not later
than June 15 and shipped in sailing ves
sels for economy. Also that a cable be
laid from Seattle via Juneau and
Ekaguay to Valdes, connecting with the
telegraph lir.e now building over the all-
American route from Valdes to Port Eg
bert and down the Yukon River to Fort
Michael. When this line is completed.
General Randall says, military head
quarters should b« in Southern Alaska
or at Seattle. ,
He recommends a llfe-savlne station In
Esquimaux Are Suffering From Famine
and Disease and Race May
Become Extinct.
RANDALL REPORTS ON
CONDITIONS AT NOME
CALL HEADQUARTERS. "WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 4.—
"While the powers are discussing the
amount of indemnity they shall demand
of China the Imperial Government Is
shrewdly presenting suggestions, the
adoption of which will mean that the
Western nations will themselves pay the
amount demanded.
Li Hung Chang and his colleagues have
proposed that the maritime customs
be doubled In order that China may raise
sufficient money to pay the indemnity
which it is conceded is due the powers.
The - maritime customs are at present
pledged to Russia and in part to Germany
and England for loans advanced to the
Imperial Government. The amount of
likin. or internal revenue, raised, would
probably be sufficient to make periodical
payments if it could be turned into the
imperial treasury without passing
through the rapacious hands of provincial
and imperial officials. At this time a very
inconsiderable portion of the likln is
turned over to the Imperial Government,
and under present conditions it is im
possible to increase it. The Chinese Com
missioners appreciate the difficulties in
the way of increasing the llkin tax. and
they believe the indemnity can best ha
paid by increasing the maritime* cus
toms.
It is altogether unlikely that the United
States and other powers will assent
to any such proposition. A diplomat well
informed on Chinese affairs reiterated to
day that the best way of obtaining the
amount of indemnity would be to demand
confiscation of the estates of those who
were responsible for the outrages, and to
require the rich men of China to eon
tribute a proportionate sum. It Is ex
pected hero that China will issue bon'ls.
but how they shall be secured i3 a mat
ter which Is giving some concern. TtT">
authorities are urging the powers t<«
reach a conclusion, however, resoectin'-c
the amount of Indemnity to be demanded,
and when thts is determined the method
of collection can be discussed.
It seems to be generally conceded in
administration circles that the Emprp^n
Dowager and Emperor will not return t"
Peking until the former is advised of the
intention of the powers respecting her
future. Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Min
ister, has left no stone unturned to in
duce the imperial court to proceed to thf*
capital, but hit efforts have failed. The
powers seem practically united on the
proposition that the Kmpresa Dowrasrsr
must not further participate in the r>f
fairs of China, and that she must be re
moved to a point where she will exercise
no influence upon the imperial Govern
ment. This amounts to i»xile. and will
certainly not be gratifying to the woman
who has dominated her country for *<*
many years. Because of the value of the
Emperor in the eye3 of the world, tlu-
Empress Dowager will probably hol'l
him practically as hostage.
The suggestion has been advanced ' tt>
permit the Empre?3 Dowager and the
Emperor to return to their oU! footing.
but to surround the Emperor with pro
gressive men and in this way alienate
, him from the influence of hfs royal aur.t.
: As the Empress Dowaser has been re
garded as the head of the Boxer move
ment, however, this suggestion is not
likely to be adopted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Seeks to Throw the Burden .Upon the
Nations by Increasing Maritime
Customs.
CHINA WOULD DODGE
INDEMNITY PAYMENT
MURDERS A WOMAN BY
WHIPPING HER TO DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1900.
3
SflW5ODfrfi>
718 Market Street.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
Baseball outfit consisting of ball, bat, cap and
belt free with every boys' suit and overcoat
Ages 4 to 13 years $3*45
Ages 14 to 19 years 4.95
Tan covert top coats for boys from 3 to 19
years old, made just like men's overcoats, well
tailored, neat and dressy: our regular prices are
$£.00 and $7.00 respectively ; special now
Last Friday we announced a sale of boys' top
coats to last one week. You can't get the coats at
the following prices later than next Thursday.
Prices are reduced one-third from our regular price,
and as we made the coats ourselves, we are saving
you one-third of the usual retail prices. Buy now
at two savings.
Boys' Top Coats
and $i<j.oo — every price
is moderate and the coats are strictly up-to-date.
They comprise all the weaves of this season, in
many shades of cheviot, covert, oxford gray and
whipcord, in box styles, winter lengths and
Raglans. , . '
$7^0, $8.^0, $io, $12.50
During this sale weare
showing overcoats at
It's a black kersey
overcoat with a velvet
collar, good lasting lin-
ings, fashionable length,
worth every cent of $10
— hundreds of them sold
here regularly for $10.
At $6 9^, it's a valup you
should look into.
If this heading had not
interested you, you would
not have read it. As you
are interested in over-
coats, we want to tell you
that you can get a styl-
ish, swell, union-made
(hence, well made) over-
coat, right now, during
our sale for
Judge William P. Lawlor's career. upon
the bench demonstrates that he should be
kept there . •
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak taea aad womea ttronf and ¦troof
men and women «tron«er. Rooms ft and i. 47
J "t*t «t-. Baa Frarartaoo, CaL
NABER. ALPS ti BRUNB. Apent«,
*» Market bL, 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA*
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most mondetful aphrodisiac and Bp«cuu
Tonic for the Sexual Orgaa* for both «exe«-
Tti* Mexican RetnmSy lor Dlwtwt of the Kld-
i:<--. r and Bladder. B*Ua on lta own m«rits.
,A Ti V V. RTTRTTnn^T^TT 1 .
ilij ; i i ij ! sinl iilvllii
that throbs, pains and
aches, or feels heavy, stuf-
fy, dull or dizzy, is a poor
head to do' business with.
It irritates the temper, up-
sets the stomach, interferes
with digestion and wears
out the brain and nerves.
Make the nerves strong,
the brain clear and your
head will be right.
*Ha<J headaches from boyhood, and
finally rot so nervous that I could not
rest. Felt dizzy, dull, confused and
could scarcely Ihink connectedly. Dr.
Miles' Nervine strenc* htnc< i m V nerve*
and made my head clear as a bclL"
Rev. W. M. Van SrCKLE.
Lewisburc, Ohio.
Dt. Miles'
• Net vine
quiets the irritation, stimu-
lates digestion and builds
up nervous health and
strength. Try a bottle.
* Sold by drugjrSjts on euaraniee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, lad.Have a Fighting Chance
RICHMOND. Va.. Nov. 4.— The electoral
vote Is safe for Bryan by 20.090 and th-
Democrats claim a fuil delegation in
Congress. The Republicans, however,
have a fighting chance In three districts.
LAW AND ORDER LEAGUE
MAKES A FINAL APPEAL
Opponents of the Poolroom Ordinance
Asked to Help Watch the
Count.
Tho leaders of the fight against the
poolroom ordinance have issued the
lowing as a last * appeal to the citizens
who believe wide open gambling to ba a
curse to a community:
The Merchants' Association, the United Im
provement Clubs, the Labor Council, the press
and the pulpit have lssu*d. warnings of tho
danger of the poolroom ordinance being carried
by the apathy, and' lassitude of tho citizens
The opposition presents a united front and may
be relied upon not only to cast every possible
REPUBLICAN RALLIES
"T IN VABIOTJS " DISTRICTS
Closing Meetings in San Francisco
and Throughout the Interior
of the State.
Closing rallies for McKinley and Roose
velt will be held In various districts of
San Francisco to-night. Following are the
more Important meetings and the speak
ers who will make addresses:
Native Sons' Hall— Seventeenth and Valencia
streets. Hon. Irvln* M. Scott will preside
Speakers: Eugrene F. Loud, E. Myron Wolf.
Richard J. Welch, E. D. Knight, B. F. Tread
well. D. J. Murpby and others. Songs by. Rough
Riders' Quartet.
Saratoga Hall — Geary etreet. near Hyde. E
O. Knapp will preside. Speakers: Julius Kahn
John T. Dare, John G. Tyrrell, Frank D. Mac
beth, Davis Louderback, E. Myron Wolf and
others. Songs by Knickerbocker Quartet.
Richmond Hall — (Richmond District). J M.
WUklns wHl preside. . Speakers: Eugene F
Loud, . M. C. SIoss, H. D. Loveland, A. j!
Dannenbaum. I. Golden, H. A. Bauer, nominee
for Assemblyman, and others.
Park View Hall— (Sunset District, south of
the Park), corner Ninth avenue and.H street
Speakers: Eugene F/ Loud, Edward I. Woife
Arthur G. Flsk. I. Golden, Maxwell McNutt and
others. ¦¦ ¦>,
Teutonla Hall— 1322 Howard street. M. A .
Cussens will preside. Speakers: Julius Kahn
B. L. McKinley, John T. Dare, J. Q. Tyrrell,
nominee for Senator; John J. Hour-lean, noml-
ballot In Its favor, but also If possible to pre
vent the counting of hostile votes.
Therefore we make this earnest appeal to
every citizen ¦who Is not In favor of wide-open
gambling to wield his - ballot and his influence
against this entering wedge for the legislation
of all forms of gambling. We also desire the
active co-operation of every citizen who has the
city's welfare deeply at heart by assistance In
watching' the count. Attend the meeting Mon
day evening, at 8 o'clock, at headquarters, in
Y. SI. :C. A, building, and give your name,
address and precinct where you can serve
EXECUTIVE COUNCIL^
¦ Law and Order Learue.
The executive council of the Law and
Order League Is composed of the follow
ing named • well-known . citizens :
James D.' Phelan,. Irving M. Scott, A. B.
Forbes, I. J. Truman, A. A. Watklns, H. J.
In voting for Joseph T. O'Connor, Dem
ocratic candidate for Justice of the Peace,
you will help to elect one who Is not mere
ly an able, but a thoroughly upright, hon
est man. •
CHANGES IN MISSOURI.
Assured.
Both Sides Claim That a Victory Is
BT.LOtriS. Nov. 4.— The situation !n
Missouri to-nisht j s eomewhat changed
from that outlined in these dippatche?
last night. The Democrats reiterate 'their
ability to carry Hie natioiia.1 tirket to
x-lctorr by from *0,000 to <X»,(X»O. The Re
publlcans on the other hand not on!y sti'l
entertain their brlief that tion- will cap
ture the Gubernatorial plum but now pre
dict that Missouri will give McIClnley a
email majority.
ELECTION FORECAST BY
DEMOCRATIC CHAIRMAN
To the Editor of The Call: California will go for Brran anri **?«,.„
by fifteen thousand plurality. By reason of the lncreised lnttr^ind J^^
of the people that this State shall not be flooded by an .nSoVof rS^
Malay, Filipino and other cheap labor from the Orient, Democratic Dm™*?*,
have brightened very much In California durine: the past few weeks tt!«
Chinese, Exclusion Act expires In May. 1902. The- people all und?r 8 ta^d T^!
policy of the Democratic party In. regard to the exclusion of chelrT ? n w
from the Orient. The Democratic party In Its platform makes this Issua r£,£
1 " ""^ °? SUbJeCt *»* la th^ SS
havrfarU^ec" of^ucSsI "^ "' ¦<*""»"?* "*. «*- ««•
Th© Assembly will be Democratic and the Democrats will oa v- . ,
rains In the State Senate from Republican districts. *naK» «. few
c . xr Ji C " SIMS> Cnalrman Democratlo State CormnJttt*.
San Francisco, November 4, 1900. • . . ¦ «wnnxu«t«.
' ¦. . •' . . . . . ¦ ¦ »
McCoy, Frank J. Bynunes, C. "W piv« n v
REPUBLICAN MANAGERS
FORECAST THE RESULT
To the Editor of The Call: The political battle Js won and all that re
mains for our friends to do is to see that the Republicans cast their ballots
and that they are honestly counted.
California will give McKinley and Roosevelt at least twelve thousand
plurality and the entire Congressional delegation will be Republican, as will
aJso be both branches of the State Legislature.
GEORGE STONE, Chairman Republican State Committee.
San Francisco, November 4, I960.
.To the Editor of The Call: It Is my unbiased Judgment, based on re
liable reports from every county In tho State, that the McKinley and Roose
velt Electors will receive a plurality of over twenty thousand In the State
of California: that every Republican nominee for Congress will be elected,
and that the Republican paxty will have a majority of the membership of the
next Senate and Assembly. WILLIAM M. CUTTER,
Secretary Republican State Committee of California.
San Francisco, November 4, 1900.
nee for Assemblyman, and others. Bongs by
Eureka Quartet.
Armorj- Hall— Second and Folsom streets.
Speakers: Julius Kahn. General E. S. Salomon,
i' uii ynn ' nomln «e for Senator; Charles R.
Franklin, nominee for Assemblyman; Thomas
F. Graham and others. Songs by Columbia
Wuartet.
Moetingrs win b« held throughout tha
interior of th* State as follows:
Vallejo Senator George C. Perkins ;.Napa and
Tountville. F. L. Ck>ombs; Stockton, Samuel
D. Woods; Modesto, J. C. Needham and H. S.
r oote.
<?*^ lftn<1 «-nd Berkeley. V. H. Metcalf and
JKilllam R. Davis; piacervllle. D. B. McKln
lay: Jackson^ Qeorro C. Pardoe and John F.
Da>l8; Los Gatos. Frank McGowan.
Santa^Rosa. Horace G. Platt and J. L. Mo-
Nab: Hanford. C. W. Kyle; Petaluma, Tirey
t"1 : Sa r nta Bt "-bara. H. H. Appel; Monte-
M?Aif° hn . H - R °bert9 and A. de la Torre Jr.:
Hopland. A. j. Bledsoe and Thomas Butts; Rio
Vista, J. M. Oliver: Los Banos, W. A. Beatty.
therefor* we urgently request for hrra roar
unanimous support and votes.
Most of us made the sain* recommendation
for him during- his candidacy for th« Assembly
two years ago. and his upright and manly ca
reer at Sacramento has fully Justlned that reo
ommendatlon. •
J. C. Owens, Llppman Bros.. P. F. Nolan. J
J. Lermen. R. E. White & Co.. Paul F. Kin«r
n ? Oh V^ M. Qulgley. M. D.;L. C. BretteUh.
Dr. Charles Fred Bloat. John F. Tyler J w
Eaton, Dr. R. Lalner, J. Kenny.
San Francisoo, November J, 1900.
BUSINESS MEN and property
owners. Irrespective of party,
will lend their support at the.
polls to-morrow to William E.
White, Citizens' Republican
and Democratic nominee for
th« State Senate In the Twenty-first Sen
atorial District. The disreputable politi
cal bosses deprived the Republicans of
the district of a choice in the. nomination
of a candidate for Senator, and foisted
BUSINESS MEN, IRRESPECTIVE OF PARTY, INDORSE
CANDIDACY OF WILLIAM E. WHITE FOR STATE SENATOR
by profession, and a man of unquestioned In
tegrity. It is not often that we are afforded
the chance to elect to this position a roan of
Mr. White's qualifications* In the matters of
aee, ability, expedience, integrity and commu
nity of Interests with our own. We are tatis
(led that the Interests of the district will be
well represented by Mr. White and that he will
never countenance any "cinch" legislation, or
lend his support to any legislative measure
which may not be, In his ,pwn mature Judg
ment, for the advantage of the State In gen
eral and his own district In particular, and
tho name of E. I. Wolfe on the ticket.
Republicans are under no party obliga
tions to support Wolfe. He has been tried
In the Legislature and found to be faith
less to the people. In 189<> he was elect
ed to the Senate by a large plurality.
When he got to Sacramento he entered
the corral of the bosses, and voted ac
cording to boss orders whenever his vote
was demanded to carry out a boss pro
gramme.
Leading business men of the district
_To the voters of the Twenty-first SenatorlaJ
Dlmrict: We, the undersigned, residents and
taxpayers within your district, desire to make
known to you our Indorsement of the candi
dacy of William E. White to represent this die
tr ict as Senator In the next Legislature.
Mr. White has resided In this district for the
past fourteen years, during the laet two of
which he has ably represented us In the Assem
b 'y- J* e Is a property-holder and a taxpayer in
the district, the head of a family, a lawyer
have indorsed the candidacy of "William
E. White in the following manner:
CONCEDED BY DEMOCRATS.
Big* Plurality.
Massachusetts Safe for MdCLnley by
BOSTON, Not. 4.— That flft©«n Presi
dential Electors pledged to McKinley will
be elected In Massachusetts Is claimed by
the Republicans and conceded by th*
Democrats. The Republicans do not hope
for any such plurality as In 1396, whan
McKinley had • nearly 190.000 rotes mom
than Bryan, but ¦will be content with
somethlnsf like J0O.00O for their Presiden
tial candidate. The Democrats, however.
halve the figures, while they also claim
four of the thirteen Congressmen. The
Republicans believe that the Congression
al result will be the same as four yeara
ag o, when they elected twelve. Th« Leg
islature will remain unchanged.
AEMY AOT NAVY LEAGUE
EXPOSES A RANK FRAUD
Attempt to Influence Voters to Sup
port Democratic Candidate
for Congress.-
OAKLAND. Nov. 4.— The campaign
roorback ha* % made its appearance in
Oakland in the shape of a small campaign
eheet issued und^r the name The Army
and Navy Gazette. No names appear in
connection with this sheet and there Is no
responsible editor, but. on the eontrarv
deception if attrmrtci. for every effort is
made in the publisher's notice "to supply
this lack of responsible editorship by geek
ing to maJce it appear that the paper Is
Issued by the Army and Navy League
The notice reads. "Published by'the Army
end Navy League." Then, in smaller tvne
fend below an American ea^le. come the
•wordB. "of the veterans of the Spanish-
American war." The only name that ap
pear* in the sheet is that of J. \v. Dut
ton. signed to a poem. Button, beinp one
cf the Bryan pupporters of Alameda
C ounty*.
This pappr endeavors to make ft appear
that the Army and Navy Loaptie j? sup
porting Frank Freeman, the Democratic
nomine* for Congress in^this district The
members of the Army and Navy League
fere justly indicant at this piece of wo-k
and they have issued the following as an
offset to this sheet:
A KJiAtrD EXPOSED.
OAKLAKD CAMP. ARMY AND N'\VT
£&££&*£ 2> W *- M a "^Iv meeting
cf Oakland Cam p. Army and Navy L-igu*
held on the evening of Xovembe r 2 1900 the
fcllowinr resolution, was artr.pted
¦Resolved. That this Ir-ag^e condemns in no
uncertain words the action of • clique of Fmall
caliber politicians In circulating a street tra^t
that is put before the public to mislead -hem
cailed the -Army ard Navy Oaxette • " nem -
We therefore taJte pleasure in again un
equivocally indorsing- that able and brilliant
r-hn and faithful public servant, the Ho n
Victor H. Metcalf. and a?k all lov-rs of pood
t-overnment to support him. f
JOHN C. LITTLK Colonel
M. K. HOUGHTOX. Acting Adjutant
Headquarter. Veteran Legion of A!am«*Ja
County.
.... November Z, IKO.
Wherea*. Tr*r» ha? be*>n < jU ;tf widely circu
ited during th* past few days a campaign
document pot up In the form of a. news
I. a per «Lnd fcearims the t'f!«. of Army and Xavv
Oarette; ar.d wttereu, th» design Is evident lv
to create the impression that it is a regularly
iifsued periodical and speaks for the army aril
ttfcvy organization*. Therefore
.Resolved. the Veteran Legion of Ala
d-.curr.ent as a fraud and entirely unworthy
cr attention; that while it purports to be "So.
7 of volume I" of a regularly iesued paper the
copy circulated m-suultously is the first and
cf course will be the only Jsrae. While n^
f.T.ere in it ran N» found the name of any one
M editor or proprietor it is well known who
• re behind it. The fact that it abuses or.e
cf the candidates for Oon«r»ss— our ecte^med
f.Tlow oitizen. Hon. Victor H. Metcalf— whlie
cortalnlnn? a picture and laudatory comments
cf hi* competitor, fixe* the purple- of its u
me; the effect of it* publication and distribu
tion, however, should be. and xyfn he, directly
E. J. LEONARD.*!!. D.. President.
G. A. ELAXK. fi*cn>tary.
LAST "WORDS OF
THE CAMPAIGN
Metcalf and Davis -Will Tell of
Prospects In tho
State.
OAKLAITO, Not. 4. — The RemrbHeans of
Oakland will hold their last grand rally of
the campaign to-morrorr evening at the
Tabernacle. They have chosen the- last
night before the election as the time when
they will do their last shoutiay for th*»
ticket, when voters can listen to their last
speeches, bo that they can go to the polls
the day following: with a determination to
roll up for Alameda County the largest
majority it has ever given for the Repub
lican party. Four years ago Alameda
County saved the State to McKinley by
giving the biggest majority It ever gave
for a Republican President, and this year
the Republicans of Alameda propose to
add to the expected Republican majority
In other sections.
The meeting to-morrow nijrtot will be a
local one and will be devoted to listening
to local orators. There will be a few
short speeches, but the evening will be de
voted mainly to Congressman Victor H.
Metcalf and 'William R. Davis. Presiden
tial Elector on the Republican ticket.
Both of thes© gentlemen will tell some
thing of tho campaign In the other por
tions of the State. Mr. iletcalf has been
In every town In his district and will tell
how the Third is soinp. William R. Davis
has Btumped half of the State of Califor
nia, Including all of the principal cities,
and he will have something to say for the
rest of the State.
THE KING OF THE CINCH BILL RING.
THERE was a mass-meetlnr of
colored people last evening in
the Zion Church, on Stockton
street, which was addressed by
Congressman Julius Kahn. Hen
ry C. Dibble and George "W. Dennis, a col
ored man. The church waa filled to Its
capacity by men and women, all of whom
gave close attention stnd generous ap
plause to the speakers.
Julius Kahn was the first speaker. Ha
spoke of the efforts of the "people of th.3
South to disfranchise the colored man
and suggested as a remedy that when the
time came for CongTess to pass appor
tionment laws the apportionment be baaed
not upon the number of people who re
side In a district but upon the number
who vote. In this way. he believed, the
negroes of the South would get their
right to vote Insured to them or the South
would lose much of Its standing and in
fluence In the halls of Congress and In
the electoral college. Mr. Kahn spoke
also of the record the colored race has
made In the army of the United States
and he recalled the gallant charge of the
Ninth and Tenth United States Cavalry,
two colored regiments, up the slopes a:
Ban Juan Hill to victory and everlasting
fame.
George W. Dennis compared the atti
tude or the South with that of the admin
istration toward the colored man and of
the efforts being 1 mode In the Southern
States to keep him In subjection. It was
time the colored man asserted himself,
he said. He believed that a race of sit
million people paying taxes on property
valued at fT.SQJiOOflOO waa entitled to some
consideration. There was a time when
there were those who stood up for the
colored racej It Is time now, he said, for
the colored race, to stand up for Itself.
Mr. Dibbl« spoke on the tuiconstltiition
allty of the acts being pasved In tho
Southern States for the rvrposo of dis
franchising the negro.
Julius Kahn, the Leading
Speaker, Argues for
Beapportionment
Gathering in Zion to Bear
Republican Doctrine
and Principles,
BIG COLORED
MASS MEETING
IN A CHURCH
CAHEFT'L study of impartial re
ports from every county in the
State convince the Republican
committee that McKinley and
Roosevelt will receive a plural
ity of 20.000 votes in California- Senator
Cutter, secretary of the committee,
tigns a statement that the plu
rality will reach that figure. Chair
man Stone does not wish to encour
age betting on SOjDOO, since in his signed
forecast he holds that the State will go
Republican by at least 12.W0. Chairman
6im* of the Democratic State Committee
is eomewhat of a claimant. He claims
that Bryan will win the State by 2o,l>lK). No
Democrat can be found willing to wager
money that Bryan will caxry California.
tenatcr is:ma as a L>emocratic ftHtesnian
is respected, but a* a political prophet nis
Imputation is yet to be made.
The special attention of voters is called
to the necessity of care in etaciijing tneir
ballots. They must stamp each nam»
voted for. They should be careful to vote
for each of the nine Presidential Electors.
In a former election the Republicans lost
cne elector by reason of the inattention
cf voters.
The Republican State Committee solicits
the volunteer services of good Republicans
to watch the count of votes in tnis city
to-xnorrow night. The committee 'desires
enly volunteers who will give their time
for the Republican ticket, and nut for
any individual candidate. Those who are
thus patriotically inclined will kindly call
at the headquarters of the Republican
State Committee in the Paiace Hotel to
day between 9 a. m. and 10 p. m.
Surprising as it may seem, there is still
much confusion in regrard to the long and
chort terms respectively for Superior
Judge. The contest for the short term is
between but two candidates. People of
intelligence, when asked to vote for Judge
Kerrigan, reply that they ate lor Judge
Lawlor or Coffee or Datng:erfi>ld or Sioss,
and that they cannot very well vote for
Kerrigan, believing that in sd doing they
would cast a vote against their man for
the long term. Judpe Kerrigan Is not
running against any of the candidates for
the long term. The short term for which
r.e is running is not <v> very short, in fact,
it is for four years.
The strong McKinl«>y sentiment in San
Francisco is demonstrated nightly at the
Orpheum in this fashion. One of' the art-
Ifts sings a song in which she refers to
Bryan and McKinley and the applause
Goes not subdue come hisses. Fhe catches
the spirit of the occasion bv saying: '"I
em groin? to *fe what kind of a 'political
rouse this if. I propose that all in favor
of Bryan giv»» him thrr-e cheers." The
Bryanites make a good show of applause.
Then ehe says: ".Vow I propose thrr°
cheers for McKinley." The great and
prolonged cheering which ensues shows
that the adherents of MrKinley outnum
ber the Bryar.ites two to one. The test
Is a fair on*>. as the audience is composed
of the average playgoers.
State Committee Calls for
Volunteers to Watch
the Count.
Voters Should Carefully
Stamp for Each of the
Nine Electors.
ESTIMATE
REPUBLICAN
MAJORITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER o, 1900.
REVIEW OF A SITUATION ON THE EVE OF ELECTION
4
AD V 1IKTI» r 1 . in udTTB.
Vote for Thos. F. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court •
See thatiyou vote for Judge "William P
Lawlor, who ihaa proved himself worthy
of the support of all citizens, irrespective
of party. •
REGULAR REPUBLICAN TICKET.
CONORESSIONAI* JTJDICIAIi AND LEGIS-
LATIVE CANDIDATES TO BE VOTED
FOB IN* THE CITY AXD COUN-
TY OF SAM FRANCISCO.
For Representative In Conyresa, FourU» Ctoo-
gTesslonal District.
JULIUS KAHX.
ITor R«present»tlT« In Coogmm. FlitJl Cw»-
KresslonaJ District.
EUGENE F. LOLTX
For Judge* of th« Superior Coart.
THOMAS F. GRAHAM.
DAVIS LOITDERBACK.
D. J. MURPHY.
iL a 6LOS3. „
For Jud*« of th* Superior CSoart (Ubecvtrad
TernO-
PRANK H. gfcRRIQAN.
For Jasttoes of tJi9 Pmmw^> _¦¦'¦¦
JOHN R- BAXTELa
THOilAS P. D^^L-
O. C OROEZTNOER.
H. il JOACHTMSEN.
PETRCT V. LONG.
yor Stat» B«natorm.
i»th H*«*t<yrlal DlftrictJAMES EL FIjTN^.
i«th Senatorial DistrlctRICHARD J. WELCH.
M«tlSatSrla district. EDWARD I. WO#?E.
wS ISSatSrlal Pt strict. JOHN G. TTRReLl.
SUl t^nlteritl Dl.trlcUOHN H. NELSOX.
For Mtnib^rs of ths AswsnWy.
Twenty-eighth Assembly DUtrlot-CHARLE3
X VwentySlnth 1 As«inbly Dlatr!o*-JERKM1AH
F ThirtSa > A»s«mbl7 Dtrtrlct-MICHAKI. Mc-
B Thiily-nrtt Assembly Dtstriofr-JOHSl j.
H TWrtT°s«wia A5*embry IMstrtefc-W, j.
B Thirty-thlrd Assembly Dhrtrlct-JOffii BTJT-
11 Assembly TMotrlct— El. D.
K ?hl^ty-nfth Aisembly Dlstrlct-EDTVARD JT.
TREA DWELL.
Tn'trty-stxth Assembly District— WTT.t.t a m
j OCIUPOTfLE.
"Thlrty-»eventi» Assembly IM»tplct-^AJR.THtra
Thirty-eighth Aisembly Dlatrtot— H. W
ROBERTS.
Thirty-ninth Aamembly DUtrtot— STtAXK n.
MACBETH. **¦
Fortieth Assembly District— HAMIX.TON A.
BAUER.
Forty-first Assembly District— HENRY p
; DIBBLE. . v "
Forty-second Atsembly Dlatrlct— LOKENzq
Forty-third Assembly Dtstrietr-aiARTIN W
»Sft I 5?Cr" U> Aaaemt>1 7 I>lstrt«-<3EORQa aWHY PROPOSED AMENDMENT
NO. 8 SHOULD BE KILLED
C. Stader, chairman of the executive
committee of the Thirty-sixth District
McKinley and Roosevelt Club, called the
meeting to order and introduced A. F.
Roberts as chairman. Mr. Roberts intro
duced several local candidates, each of
whom Bpoke briefly. Among these was
Thomas F. Dunn, candidate for Justic.3 of
the Peace: William J. Gullfoyle. candi
date for Assemblyman from the Thirty
sixth District: D. J. Murphy, candidate
for Superior Judge, and H. L. Joachlm
sen. candidate for Justice of the Peace.
John P. Irish. ; who was to make the
principal speech, was greeted with vol
leys of applause and cheers frequently ln
tcriupted him during his address. He
spoke in part as follows:
I am here to-day- to bring you what message
I may from the Bound-money Democracy,
from the gold Democrats, j who four years ago
Btood shoulder to shoulder with , the sound
money Republicans to defeat Bryan. This year
the sound-money Democrats still stand firm: in
their opposition to the election of Mr. Bryan.
We oppose him because he is not a Democrat
JOHN P. IRISH TRACES PROSPERITY
TO LEGISLATION FOR SOUND MONEY
Watch the ballots closely. Examine them carefully before any
name is called off. This will save time and avoid mistakes. GIVE
THIS CLOSE ATTENTION. Very truly yours,
Secretary.
The voter is entitled to vote for only T0TTB, candidates for the long
term and ONE for the unexpired term for Superior Judges. If the ballot
is marked with more than four names for the long term for Superior
Judges, then the ballot cannot be counted for any candidate for Superior
Judge for the long term: but it can be counted only for the candidates
voted for for Electors, Congressman, Senator, Assemblyman and Justices
of the Peace.
To be plain, the voter can vote for only four Judges for the long
term and only one for the short term.
A voter has the .right to vote for less than nine Presidential Elec
tors and less than four Judges for the long term.
The voter can only vote for^NINE Presidential Elector*. If the
ballot is marked with more than NINE names for Electors NONE of the
names voted for can be counted or tallied, but the ballot can be counted
only for candidates voted for Congressman, Senate, Assembly and
Judges.
Dear Sir: Your attention is called to the following:
Since The Call pointed out the liability to error that lurked In the official bal
lot the Republican State Central Committee has been busy devising ways and
means to impress even more directly If possible upon the voters of California
the necessity of care in the marking of their ballots. To this end It has caused
to be mailed broadcast the following circular letter:
SA2J FRANCISCO, Nov. 3, 1900.
Republican State Central Commit
tee Warns Against Pitfalls
in Official Ballots.
URGE VOTERS TO MAKE NO
MISTAKES IN THE BOOTHS
Voters who will exercise their privilege of the franchise to-morrow should
scan that portion of the ballot reproduced below, in which are designated the
men who should be elected. The crosses designate the candidates deserving of
the support of voters. Here is the section of the ballot referred to;
Some Suggestions to Guide the Voters in Making Their
Choice of Men at the Polls.
CANDIDATES WHO SHOULD
BE CHOSEN BY ELECTORS
The- theater was crowded to its fullest
capacity for the general programme and
Fpcaking. The audience was one of the
best that hfcs gathered during the cam
paign and enthusiasm -xas at a high pitch.
The harbecue began at 11 o'clock. A
ton and a half of beef was roasted and
distributed in sandwiches during the
course of the day. A band concert at il
o'clock and the usual attractions of the
park served to enfprtam the crowd until
2 o'clock, • n hen the speech-making be
san.
Under the cold standard law we have cap
tured the markets of- the world. Previously we
could not manufacture cheaply enough to com
pete In foreign markets. There are Just two
ways to reduce the cost of production— by les
sening wages or by decreasing the cost of capi
tal. The sound money law cut down interest
and cheapened capital in this coantry and pro
duction is consequently cheaper. That Is the
explanation of our remarkable Industrial devel
opment during this administration.
If by the frowns of heaven Mr. Bryan should
be elected next Tuesday the wage earners would
to' France. Now they are working to pay Inter
est to us.
fully and conscientiously. "
Frank French made a short closing
speech.
I desire to briefly call attention to the
condition? existing now and the situation that
confronted the country four years ago. I would
like to ask what Mr. Bryan represents that
nrpeals to any man as a reason why he should
be elected President. He has abandoned his old
position and is chasing a phantom ot air.
Max C. Sloss, candidate for Superior
Judge, was Introduced. He spoke briefly
of national issues and in closing pledged
himself If elected to do his duty care-
be the first and most pitiable sufferers. If Mr.
Bryan should get into office factories would
shut down, fires would die out In the furnace
and our industries would be laid prostrate In
ruin.
Xow you have in San Francisco two Congress
men who have aided in the wise legislation that
Is at the foundation of our prosperity^ and I
want no man in San Francisco who understands
the value of sound finances and sound economics
to cast his vote against either Eugene F. Loud
or Julius Kahn for Congress. We want sound
money men In Congress. Tou have got them
there. Keep them.
Four years ago we thought William J. Bryan
had been disnosed of for all time. He Is still
trying to break into office. ¦ We hope this time
to bury him 30 deep that he will never be
resurrected. Take no chances. That Is the art
vice we sound-money Democrats bring. A man
whoce inother-in-law had died was asked by
telegraph whether the body should be em
balmed, cremated or buried. He teleerraphed
back. "Embalm, cremate and bury. Take no
chances." So with Bryan next Tuesday. Em
balm, cremate and bury. Take no chances.
•Eugene F. Loud was tecelved with lou*d
applause. He said In part:
Under this sound-money regime the Interest
on the public debt has been reduced to -2 per
cent. We have ceased to be a debtor nation and
have become a creditor nation. We used to
work to pay interest to Kngland, to Germany.
Mr. Bryan said four years ago that if the gold
standard was maintained our schools would
have to be closed and labor would not have em
ployment. The Industries of the country were
then flat on the grcund. , Immediately upon the
election of McKinley our factories began to
prosper and now American laborers are in a.
better condition than laborers have ever been
anywhere. These 15.000,000 of wafte earners get
their pay In the best money In the world.
I want to say to the worklngmen present who
appreciate tho relations existing between sound
money and sound economics, that the election
of Mr. Uryan next Tuesday would have a more
harmful effect on the Industries of the country
than It would have had four years ago. The
Industries then could not have been thrown
down. They were already down. We have had
pictured for us the dangers of a standing army.
The only danger from an army that can possi
bly threaten our Institutions Is from an array
of unemployed, created by experiments in false
economics.
and does not represent Democratic principles,
but Is a Populist with strong leanings toward
anarchy.
COLONEL JOHN P. IRISH STATING POSITION OF GOLD DEMOCRATS
IN HIS ADDRESS AT THE REPUBLICAN RALLY AT GLEN. PARK,
AT WHICH CONGRESSMAN LOUD ALSO SPOKE. *v
BALTIMORE. Nov. 4.— Chairman Golds
boro of the Republican State Central Com
mittee 'to-night Issued a statement in
which he claims tnat McKinley will surely
carry the State by at least 11.000 votes.
Both sides seem confident and the betting,
which has heretofore been strongly In
favor of McKinley, has veered sharply to
ward Bryan.
Republicans Assured of Success in
Maryland.
CLAIM THE STATE.
The Democrats, however, hope to win in
two other districts. The Republicans claim
they will elect four and possibly five of
the eight State Senators. The Democrats,
on the other hand, claim six sure and pos
elbly seven. For the Assembly the delega
tion will be divided pretty evenly, the Re
publicans claiming thirty-five of the sixty
to be elected.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Though New Jer
sey is practically conceded to the Repub
licans both parties will make a hard fight
for their Legislative and Congressional
candidates. The Republicans are counting
on electing six of the eight Congressmen
and concede but two to the Democrats.
Democrats May Elect Two Candidates
lxi New Jersey.
DETROIT, Nov. 4. — A special from Bay
City Bays: Local politicians were excited
over a printed statement which appeared
to-dav 6lgned by the Democratic commit
tee of Bay County alleging iraud and rob
bery of official ballots. The statement is
accompanied by an affidavit of Judge
Wright of the Probate Court, a member
of the Election Commission, which alleges
that In counting the ballots as they came
from the printer they fbund 195 ballots
missing in the First District; also that
there were shortages in ballots for the
Second and Third districts.
FIGHTING FOR CONGRESSMEN.
covery of the Theft.
Sensation Created in Detroit by Dis-
The Democrats refuse to announce their
poll, but say Bryan will carry the State
by 10,000. and that the entire State ticket
for from Governor down will go in by
over 15,000 majority.
OFFICIAL BALLOTS STOLEN.
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 4.— The work of
the campaign has been closed and to-night
both the Republicans and Democrats
claim a complete victory in the State. The
Republicans to-day announced the com
plete figures of their poll of 551 out of
1031 precincts In the State, which gives
them a majority of 7757 over the entire
opposition. The remaining precincts, it
is claimed, will give them over 12,000.
Their Poll in Washington.
Refuse to Announce the Result of
DEMOCRATS ARE SILENT.
MILWALiyEE. Nov. 4.— Eugene V. Debs
will not withdraw as a candidate for
President on the Social Democratic ticket
in favor of Bryan or any one else. To
day In a telegram from Toledo to a lead-
Ing Social Democrat of this city he says:
"Sooner will McKinley retire in favor
of Bryan, or Bryan retire in favor of Mc-
Kinley than that I will retire In favor of
either. I am In this fight until the end
of my life."
to Stay.
Says He Is in the Presidential Fight
DEBS NOT TO WITHDRAW.
"The final prediction." said he. "based
on the latest and most accurate reports
and Information received, are that we
will carry, of the so-called doubtful
States, Indiana, Kentucky, Kansas and
Nebraska. We have a good chance of
carrying New Jersey and Delaware.
"The battle Is on in New York, Illinois
and Ohio. If we carry one of those three
States Mr. Bryan's election is assured. I
am positive we shall not fall to get one
of the three. In all three States we have
a much better chance than McKinley. I
feel certain to-night that we shall carry
New York and Illinois. Of Bryan's elec
tion I am to-night absolutely certain,
without a shadow of a doubt."
Bryan Will Win.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4. — Democratic Vice
Chairman Stone gave out his final pre
diction of the situation and the outcome
to-night.
Vice Chairman Stone Says He Is Sure
FINAL PREDICTION MADE.
1- UNCERTAINTY as to which court
to appeal. The right' to appeal is most
valuable, and there should be no uncer
tainty ajs to bow the right is to be
availed of. Under this proposed amend
ment ihc Supreme Court and the District
Courts of Appeal have not concurrent
jurisciction. If an appeal lies to the one it
does not tie to the other. And there is
no provision for transferring a cause from
the Court *>f Appeal to the Supreme
Court, or vice versa, if it should be found
that an appeal has been taken to the
wrong court. H is provided that appeals
11« to the Supreme Court in actions
WHERE IS NECESSARILY DRAWN IN
QUESTION the validity of a etatutt of
the- Ui.iu-d States or of this State, on the
ground of its being unconstitutional, or
Lbe legality of any tax, impost or assess
ment. Wliere, how mid by whom is it to
be determined wnether or nut such mat
ters are crawn m question, or necessarily
drawn in question in any given case? lo
whichever court the a-ppeal is taKen, uie
iovdtc wul c.d.ji. tU*it u snouia
have beeu taken to the other court, ana a
controversy on that puiiu alone will im
mediately be inaugurated, witn its at
tending labor, delay and aicnse. Wneilicr
or not me validity of a tiatute is drawn
or necessarily drawn in question ia not
or.e ot positive determination; it is one
upon wmch different minds might and
would diner. It tne a.pjje;iunt snouid have
(,-jctsta incorrectly ins apptai mil be dis
missed, not because he had net good leyai
ngi.is, but because his eounbel had ims
tuKejr ihe proceauie. Kuies of procedure
m-jst be oueyed, and if violated punish
ments npproxjnale to the oftense should
be imposed upon me parties or tneir coun
sel, more properly me latter. 1 believe
tliat in the rnaxen of civilization many
ve;ins will not pass away before it will
be held that to deprive a. party of ilis
property rigtus because hie counsel nave
trred, perhap* without fault, on a mere
yuttiion ci procedure, mil oe to inflict
• "cruel and unusual punishment."
Moreover, tnia question or jurisdiction
mav l.tj kvpt in the background until an
unfavorable decision has be<_-n rendered
on apptal by one cl the intermediate
court*, tht-n, within thirty days, a writ
<j£ oertiormrl may be obtained from the
Supreme Court upon the ground that the
appeal should have been taken In the
tirst instance to that cuurt. and here is
inaupurated- another controversy, with its
attenu:i:(f labor, delay and expense. And
if the Supreme Court should eo hold upon
certiorari the judgment of the District
Court of Appeal will be annulled, but the
Supreme Court will not hear the cause
nil o\*-T again, but the party will lose his
rights. If you tell me he might have ap
pealed to both courts I will answer you
that the people should not be put to
double expense, also that the amendment
does not provide for two appeals, and that
the counsel on the other side will say, as
euits his purpose, either that, having:
taken the first appeal, you have exhausted
your rights; that, having taken the sec
ond, vou have waived the first.
1. ADDITIONAL EXPENSE AND LIT
IGATION — By expense I do not mean the
few thousand dollars which it is proposed
the State 6hould pay as salaries to two
extra Judges. A large and wealthy State
like our6 could well ailord a few thou
sand dollars for even a trifling improve
ment In its Judicial system. What I
mean by additional expense in tins con
nection is the few hundreds of thou
sands of dollars that the people will pay
to lawyers for legitimate fees on account
of the additional litigation which will be
generated by this constitutional amend
ment. In my first objection, eupra. I have
shown eonae of the new litigation; now.
In addition thereto, under section 3, it is
provided that within thirty days after
Judgment by a District Court of Appeal
a petition may be presented to the Su
preme Court to have the cause heard all
over ifcsiir by that court upon the ground
that the decision of the District Court of
Appeal "conflicts with a previous de
cision of the Supreme Court or of an
other District Court of Appeal." and If
the Supreme Court so finds It must try
sb'.I ov*rr again a cace that has been thor
oughly tried, argued and decided by the
Dictrict Court. If ever there was a pro
vision for a waste of labor, energy, time
and money, here It is. And do you not
know that every defeated litigant will
Insist upon his counsel filing a petition !n
the Supreme Court and contending for h.
rehearing and that every successful liti
gant will insist upon his counsel appear
ing contra, and must not the fees
of all these counsel be paid and
be paid by the people? And in
point of practice will there not
be a vast number of reiiearings in the
Supreme Court rendering useless the la
bor cf court ard counsel In the District
Court? It will be a poor case in whlcb
counsel cannot find a decision of the Su
creroe Court during the last fifty years
in conflict, or alleged conflict, with the
decision of the District Court of Appejl
upon some one or more of the many
points Involved in tha case. There are
hundreds of overruled Supreme Court de
cisions and yet this constitutional
amendment reads "in conflict with a pre
vious decision."
3 This amendment provides that a
judgment may be delivered by TWO Jus
tice* of a District Court of Appeal. I
would like to know who those two Jus
tices are before I would be willing to en
trupt to them such responsibility. At
present It requires THRLE Supreme
hourt Judcrcs to render a department de
cision and that decision Is always open
to Teview bv the Supreme Court in bank
to a Judgment of which the concurrence
° f , fSgSJXSfZ. l8 given7o a The District
Sxp^rior Court. A case Is not determined
jn'th. Superior Court until final Judg
ment i* entered. There is therefore no ap-
JSSVntil after final Judgment TJwre «n
therefore be no appeal from Interlocu
tory orders, including appointment of re
c^vcFb granting or refusing njunctlons.
rti««»ol\-lnK or refusing to dlssorve at
tthS. Ranting or refusing chan^of
venue, or Interlocutory aecreea of parti
tion I do not believe there is one mem
bS ot the Legislature who can truthfully
Bay that he eupposed all these appeals
were to be abolished.
5. There is no limit to the appeals to
the District Court in respect of the
amount involved; The former'constitu
tion placed a limit at three hundred do -
lare: here there is none. There is no limit
to the right of appeal in probate cases.
6. The conceded Jurisdiction of the Su
preme Court is curtailed and belittle to
a degree which is offensive. It is con
fined to eminent domain, usurpation of of
fice and to criminal appeals where the
punishment is death or life Imprisonment
and questions arising upon city charters.
Matter? of eminent domain are generally
pettled between the railroad company and
the property-owner; If there is a contro
versy it ia Bimply how much per acre.
I am opposed to the constitutional
amendment, and fcr the following reasons.
eta-ted in as condensed a form as possible:
To the Editor of The Call: Dear Sir—
Pursuant to promise 1 have reduced to
writing my views en the subject of the
proposed new Courts of Appeal and sub
mit them to you herewith.
East Oakland, Nov. 3. m).
9. The standard of the District Courts
wili naturally be inferior to that of the
present Supreme Court. Thev will be con
sidered, and will be in fact* as to the lat
ter, inferior courts. The dignity of the po
sition will not be an Incentive to good law
yers to take that bench. It is a ratal mis
take to depreciate the judiciary of a
State; the bar takes its tune from the
bench, and both become degenerate. Lit
igation becomes more uncertain, more ex
pensive and -finally intolerable. Some day
the people of this Stato will learn, as
other States and countries have learned,
that it is poor policy to employ inferior
Judges. If the Judges of the lower courts
were given large salaries and the best
men at the bar induced to go upon the
bench, their decisions would become au
thoritative and not be appealed frum as
a matter of course in every case. It
would cost the STATE a few thousand
dollars more money, but !t would save
the PEOPLE millions in the expense of
their appeals. Yours very truly.
W. S. GOODFELLOW.
Cases of usurpation of office are infre
quent; sometimes a country Constable In
sists upon holding over upon some tech
nical ground. According to this amen'a
ment ne would be entitled to the priv
ileges of the Supreme Court. Criminal
appeals are always taken by persons con
victed after a preliminary examination
before a magistrate or upon indictment
of a Grand Jury, and a suusequent trial
in the Superior Court upon a unanimous
verdict of twelve jurors. Why should the
exclusive privileges of the Supreme Court
be given to these convicted murderers,
burglars and highway robbers and the
like privileges be denied to the hon?st cit
izen In defense of his property rights?
7. The amendment introduces a vast
amount of new litigation and new ques
tions. It creates labor for Judges and law
yers which is at present unknown to the
bench and bar. This I have specified in
my objections 1 and L\ supra.
8. The new courts aro independent of
f-ach other iind of the Supreme Court.
Causes cannot be transferred for hear
ing from one to the other; this is a step
backward. If any one of these courts.
say. for instance, the San Francisco
Court of Appeals, should become over
crowded with business, it couUl obtain nr>
relief from any of the other cjurts, even
if the Supreme Court and the other two
Courts of Appeal should be comparatively
idle. At present the Supreme Court de
partments give and take cases from each
other day by day.
It seems almost certain that Horace
Phllbrook will beat Wolfe and be elected
Senator in the Twenty-first District.
White has developed no strength and the
Democrats and honest Republicans are
combining on Phllbruok as the only way
to beat Wolfe. •
Philbrook's Chances.
Republicans Claim Iowa.
DES MOINES, Iowa. Nov. 4.— If the full
Republitan vote is cast the State commit
tee claims that Iowa will give 75,000 plu
rality for McKinley.
WHEELING, W. Va., Nov. 4.— To-night
there are claims from each party that the
other. 1» colonizing voters in doubtful dis
tricts, and it is feared that there will be
trouble on election day.
Charges of Colonization.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 4.— John Wana
maker announces that he has deposited
¦with a trust company $30,000 in marketable
railroad bonds to secure the payment of
that amount in cash to a committee rep
resenting various local organizations to be
used as a fund for defraying the necessary
expenditures for the investigation of
frauds agralnst the ballot a$ the -coming
election and the municipal One in Febru
ary next. ' -
Detection of Fraud.
Wanamaker Puts Up $5O,QOO for the
The National Committeemen of both
parties will go to their several homes to
vote. Most of them will return Immedi
ately to Chicagt), to be here when the
returns cpme in. Chairman Jones, Exec
utive Committee Chairman Johnson and
Secretary "Walsh of the Democratic Com
mittee will not go home to vote. • --:'
BIO REWARD* IS OFFERED.
CHICAGO. Nov. 4.— National political
headquarters were practically deserted to
day. Senator Jones, chairman of the
Democratic Committee, however, re
mained in his room scanning the field.
The outlook seemed to please him, for he
said he was more certain than ever that
W. J. Bryan would be elected.
Senator Hanna spent to-day carriage
riding. He declared that he had nothing
to add to what he had said for weeks
past; that McKinley would get more elec
toral voteB than he did in 1S36.
Senator Spends the Day Carriage
• " Biding at Chicago.
HANNA DOING NO -WORRYING.
While both State committees will re
ceive returns in Columbus on Tuesday
night Canton will also be a point of In
terest, since President McKinley has* de
cided to remain there to receive returnj.
It te understood that rhere may bi» a dis
tinguished party with him on Tuesday
night and If he is re-elected the tour on
his return to Washington next day will
be eventful at Canton as well as else
where.
The Republicans are trying to gain a
Congressman in the Third District. This
is one of the districts In which charges
of fraud are made on both sides. In the
Fifteenth District the election of Con
gressman Van Voorhees (R.) is generally
conceded. On account of the tctlve -woric
of Mayor Jones of Toledo there is som.j
talk of N. D. Cochnn (D.) defeating
Congressman Southard (R.> in the Ninth,
but the Jones vote is such an uncertain
element this year In Ohio that it is not
cutting much of a figure in the estimate.
In the Twelfth District Eramett Tomp
kins (R.) is making a hard fight to d<
feat John J. Lentz (D.). and on account
of the action of Lentz against the admin
istration In the last Congress special in
terest is taken in 'this district. It is cur
rently reported that Chairman Hanna and
State Chairman Dick have given special
attention to the Twelfth District.
CTXCIXXATI. Nov. 4.— Charges of
false registration have been made In Cin
cinnati and other Ohio cities. While thd
last census gave Cincinnati a population
of 323.000. Us registration Is S1.8S0. and a
citizens' committee has been organizing
to-day for systematic work with detec
tives for arrests on Tuesday. It Is claimed
also that colonizations have been mado
In some of the close Congressional dis
tricts.
tricts in Ohio.
Alleged Colonization in Close Dis-
PAUSE REGISTRATION CHARGED
CALIFORNIA VOTERS WILL RETURN
SEVEN REPUBLICANS TO CONGRESS
Solid Republican Dele
gation Will Go to
the House.
Encouraging Reports
From All Sections
of *the State.
Outlook as Seen by
the Republican
Nominees.
Increased Majorities
for McKinley in
All Counties.
People Want a Con
tinuance of Pres
ent Prosperity. ,
National' Ticket' Will
Win in Every
District:
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JSUVJi;j>iJ5J3Jit o, i900.
AND TIMELY WARNINGS AND HINTS TO VOTERS
THE Republican rally and barbe
cue at -Glen Park yesterday
drew a great crowd. It la esti
mated that more than 10,000 peo
ple attended and from" 11 o'clock
in the morning until late in the afternoon
the crowds in the theater and around the
fires where the meats were being toasted
were dense.
The rally and barbecue was given by
the Thirty-sixth District McKinley and
Roosevelt Club and its success was due
mainly to the careful work of the com
mittee of arrangements, consisting of C.
Siadcr, G. Sehnee, \V. H. Kountz, Charles
Ellis and A. F. Roberts.
fr I HE proposed constitutional
| amendment— No. S— to create
I three Courts of Appeal, is one
B that should be voted down by
every man who goes to the
*<5lls to-morrow, according to the view of
all honest attorneys and citizens who see
through the plan of the schemers engin
eering the matter. One of San Francis
co's leading attorneys. \V. S. Goodfellow.
points out how the electors should vote
on the amendment, and presents' a strong
argument against the proposed basic law.
as follows:
Attorney Goodfellow Points Out
Bad Features of Proposed • Law
and Advises Voters.
5
WILL REGAIN THE
-I: SECOND DISTRICT
GRASS VALLEY, Nov. 4. — To
the Editor of The Calli After
nix weeks' campaigning in the
Second Congressional District
I feel assured that the dis
trict will be Republican. Many
who voted for Bryan four
years ago will this year vote
the Republican ticket. I be
lieve that the. vote in the Sec
ond will show a Republican
majority of from 1500 to 40O0.
SAM D. WOODS.
USUAL MAJORITY
IN FIFTH DISTRICT
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 4 To
the Editor of The Call i Reply
ing to yonr request for a short
statement upon the political
outlook in California, vrlll say
that I wonlil not presume to
express a decided opinion
upon the entire State, though
my Information forces me
to conclude that the State Is
safely Republican. EAj carefnl
Investigation of all the condi
tions existing In the Fifth Con
gressional District leads '~me
to the Judgment' that that dis
trict will return^ much more
than its usual Republican ma
jority. E. F. LOUD.
McLACBLAN. WILL
CARRY TflE SIXTH
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 4 To
the Editor of The Callt. I have
just closed my canvass for the
Sixth Congressional District.
I have held . over ' eighty
meetings dnrlns the past ten
weeks. From the best infor
mation at my command, I be
lieve that McKinley will carry
California by= 20,000 plurality.
From the Intimate knowledge
I have of political conditions
In the Sixth District I feel
confident I vrill. be, elected by
at ; least 3OOO : plurality,; and , I
shall not be surprised if my
plurality Is 400O.
,. JAMES " McLACHLAN. . . .
A A A. A -A A A.^A.'i A. i A A j
NATIONAL TICKET
SAFE IN SEVENTH
FRESNO, Nov. 4.— To the Ed
itor of The Call! California
trill ffive McKinley at least
15,000 majority.' His vote Month
of Tehachapl and in the coun
ties of the San .Jonquin Valley
will greatly exceed that _oi
four years ngo. We will make
n greater Rain In 1OOO over
1808 than we gained In 1808
over . 1806 and In my opinion
McKinley will carry this dis
trict. I think my majority
over Crichton ¦will be at least
15OO. J. C. KEEDHAM.
REPUBLICAN GAINS
IN TB5R9 DISTRICT
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— .To the
Editor of The Call: I have
mode a very careful canvass
of this State, and In my opin
ion It will Rive a majority for
McKinley and Roosevelt of
from 13,000 to 2C,OOO. We will
Bain ninny Democratic, votes.
The Third Congressional Dis
trict will give, on a con
servative estimate,' a majority
for the Republican' standard
bearer of from 5OOO to 70OO. '
V. H. JIETCALF.
FOURTH WILL VOTE
FOR GOOD TIMES
SAX FRANCISCO. Nor. 4 Tc
the Editor of The Calli Bott
parties' are claiming; the
Fourth Congressional Dis
trict on the national ticket
A strong: light has been made
by the Republicans In the dis
trict^ and, although it ia no ml
nally Democratic, It seems tr
me that the prospect for car
rying: the ticket Is very good
this year. Resrardtnsr my ovrn
candidacy I feel confident thai
I will carry the district by a
handsome plurality.
JUJUIIS KAHS."
FIRST DISTRICT
IS NOT IN DOUBT
S0X03IA, . >*ov, 4. — To the
Editor of The Callt Prenfdent
McKinley will carry tlie Klrst
Congreuional District by 25OO
majority. He will go to San
Francisco with 15,000 ma
jority. Everywhere In the
Klrat District the people are
happy, contented and pros
perous. Their industries are
protected and stimulated and
they are not In the temper to
ctange. The wool, dairy, luiii
lier, vriue. poultry anil other
Interests are prosperons, and
n contrast, Trlth conditions un
der a tariff for revenue points
to the ennse and Illustrate*
the difference. The people
want more McKinleylmn.
FRANK L. COOMBS.
Chairman.
REPUBLICAN
TICKET.
For Presidential and
Vice Presidential Electors.
SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE.
WILLIAM J.
BARRETT.
JOHN
WALTER RYAN.
HAROLD T. POWER.
X
I
l
"WILLIAM R. DAVIS.
x
CHRISTIAN B. RODE.
FRANK
McGOWAN.
X
WARREN R. PORTER.
X
JAMES McFADDEX.
For Judges of the Superior C
urt.
THOMAS F. GRAHAM.
DAVIS LOUDERBACK.
D. J. MTJRPHT.
M, C. SLOSS.
For Jud&e of the Superior Court
(Unexplred Term).
FRANK H. KERRIGAN.
DEMOCRATIC
TICKET.
For Presidential and
Vice Presidential Elector
J. H. SEAWELL.
WILLARD H. STIMSON.
J. P. HATNES.
W.
R. JACOBS.
W. R. PRATHEK.
W.
T.
BAGCEIT.
JAMES N. BLOCK.
THOMAS A. RICE.
JOHN A. COLE.
For Judges of the. Superior O
art.
JAilES V. COFFEY.
STEPHEN V. COSTELLO.
WILLIAM R. r>AIXGERFIE
WILLIAM P.
LAWLOR.
For Judgre of the Superior Court
(Unexpired Term).
GAILLARD STONET.
REPUBLICAN
TICKET.
For Presidential and
Vice Presidential Electors.
SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE.
WILLIAM J.
BARRETT.
JOHN
WALTER RYAN.
HAROLD T. POWER.
X
I
l
"WILLIAM R. DAVIS.
x
CHRISTIAN B. RODE.
FRANK
McGOWAN.
X
WARREN R. PORTER.
X
JAMES McFADDEX.
For Judges of the Superior C
urt.
THOMAS F. GRAHAM.
DAVIS LOUDERBACK.
D. J. MTJRPHT.
M, C. SLOSS.
For Jud&e of the Superior Court
(Unexplred Term).
FRANK H. KERRIGAN.
DEMOCRATIC
TICKET.
For Presidential and
Vice Presidential Elector
J. H. SEAWELL.
WILLARD H. STIMSON.
J. P. HATNES.
W.
R. JACOBS.
W. R. PRATHEK.
W.
T.
BAGCEIT.
JAMES N. BLOCK.
THOMAS A. RICE.
JOHN A. COLE.
For Judges of the. Superior O
art.
JAilES V. COFFEY.
STEPHEN V. COSTELLO.
WILLIAM R. r>AIXGERFIE
WILLIAM P.
LAWLOR.
For Judgre of the Superior Court
(Unexpired Term).
GAILLARD STONET.
Bootblacks may not do business In Bos-
ton on Sunday."Amendment No. 5 — Being Senate Constitutional
Amendment No. 4, concerning primary elections
(giving the legislature power to enact laws relative
to the elections of delegates to conventions of politi
cal parties at elections known and designated as
primary elections)."
DECISIONS of the Supreme Court have made
it clear that -we cannot have in this State a
valid primary election law without so amend
ing the constitution «s to authorize such a law. An
amendment for that purpose is submitted in this elec
tion. Upon the official ballot it is marked:
FOR HONEST PRIMARIES.
Against that amendment not a single vote should
be cast, ncr should any */oter who takes a pride in the
financial honesty of the State and its cities neglect to
vote for it. It f?hou!<3 be neither opposed nor over
looked. The ieachtrs of our public schools are paid
none too much for their work, and they render a
most important service to # the State. They have made
our public school system an object of just pride *o
the commonwealth. They have earned their money
ard bv ever.* right rule of conduct are entitled to it.
Let i'l vote for this amendment, which author
izes the just payment of a just debt
It is marked upon the official ballot: "Amend
ment No. 7 — Being Senate Constitutional Amend
ment l$o. 15." It provides "for the payment of un
jjsid claims against the city and county of San Fran
cisco and tli* city of Vallejo of Solano County." •
LTPOX communities as well as upon individuals
j rests an obligation to pay in full every debt
justly due. and that obligation is the more bind
ing if the debt be due for labor rendered in a good
racse and faithfully done. San Francisco owes a
debt of that kind to many of the teachers in her
public schools. It is -not to be doubted that every
recent citizen :s willing and eager that the debt be
paid, but under our laws th; payment cannot be made
¦without an amendment to the constitution. To the
people of the State, therefore, an amendment" has
been submittted for that purpose, and should receive
the support of all.
PAYMENT CF JUST DEBTS.
AN OPPORTUNITY.— Take advantage, of the
round-trip steamer tickets, only $60 during.No
vember,, including fifteen day»' board at "Hotel
del Coronado.'.the Ideal summer and winter re
sort. Acply at 4 New Montromery at., city.'- -¦
The largest battleship yet built for
Russia., at the : Black Sea, named Knlag
Potemkina Tavorltchesky, was launched
October 9 'from the Nlcolaleff yards.. A
cruiser of 6250 tons and four torpedo boats
are to be started at once at that yard.
Two battleships of 14,865 tons and 1?
knots sp«K>d are to be laid down In French
ddck yards next ypar, the vessels to be
completed In 1905. They are to be 439 fee:
in length. 79.5 feet beam and have an all
around water line belt extending eight
feet above the water line*. Their comple
ment will be 42 officers and 751 men.
• • •
Sixty-nine warships were under con
struction in Great Britain at the begin
ning of October last. Of this number nf
teen aggregating 165.840 tons, were build
ing in the dockyards: thirty-eight, of
198 990 tons, were at private yards for the
British navy, and sixteen, of 63,055 tons,
for foreign navies, making a total ton
nage of warships of 427.8S5.
-••¦•:•-;¦ y
The Russian- programme for naval In
crease during the coming year provides
for the expenditure of about $13,000,000,
distributed hv part as follows: Shipbuild
ing $5,SOO,000; machinery, $3,970,000; armor,
$S50.00o'; guns, etc., $750,000. Thirty-seven
new vessels of ' all classes are included
In the list v of new building, of .which
twenty torpedo boats are for Port Arthur
at a total cost of about $240,000. , .
. ,. '-¦ \ .•¦ • •
German naval vessels are 20 per cent
more costly than ships of, similar typos
built in' Great Britain, notwithstanding
the fact that wages are much lower in
Germany.; The chief cause is due to the
excessive cost I of armor In Germany, the
manufacture of : which Is : practically a
monopoly of ,i Krupp and Dillinger. .The
Krupps recently admitted to a naval com
mittee that the > gross profits ¦ on armor
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
Four armored cruisers of the .Essex
class, building In England, are probably
the type which the majority of the Board
of Construction in Washiygton had in
view when it recommended three armored
cruisers of 9542 .tons trial displacement in
place of three protected cruisers of 8300
tons, proposed by the Chief Constructor.
The Essex class includes the Bedford,
Kent and Monmouth. These cruisers aro
9800 tons. 440 feet in length. C6 feet breadth
and 24 feet 6 Inches draught. They wlil
have engines of 22,000 horsepower, driv
ing the ship at a speed of 23 knots. The
armor belt of 4-inch Krupp steel extends
for a length amidships of 250 feet, taper
ing to two Inches at the ends. The mala
armament consists of fourteen 6-inch
oulck-flrers, of which two are carried In
each turret forward and aft. on tho
main deck amidships and four tin the up
per deck. All the broadside guns are car
ried in 4-inch casemates, and the turrets
and bases are five inches thick. The sec
ondary battery Includes ten 12-pounders
and three 3-pounders an& there are also
two submerged torpedo tubes. There is
some talk about changing the main bat
tery and substituting 7%-inch quick-Brers
for the four 6-inch guns In the turrets.
The ships proposed by the United States
Board of Construction are to be 424 feet
in length, 66 feet beam and 24 fee* 6 inches
draught. Their main batteries are Iden
tical with the British ship, the secondary
battery calls for. eighteen 14-pounders and
twelve 3-pounders; the speed is to be ¥2
knots and the protective water line belt
four Inches. It would appear as if the
Board had attempted to carry a heavier
battery than the ship's displacement
would permit and the speed of one knol
less than the British type does not rec
ommend Itself as an Improvement in the
adoption -of English armored cruisers lot
our navy. • . -
plate was 50 per cent of the price charged
to' the Government Other shipbuilding
material is likewise dearer to the German
navy than that of England. As $65,000,000
is to be expanded during the next sixteen
years for armor alone on the Kaiser's
navy on the basis of present prices the
Naval Committee is seriously considering
the propriety of breaking the existing
monopoly by the encouragement of com
petitors or by establishing Government
armor factories.
J .^ ub U sh ? p -" Thl8 8tor y ot Tours is splen
did. Don t use a nom d© plume. Publish
over your own name; will make you
famous.
Author— It's money I'm after, not fam».
Publisher— But you'll get Just as much
money In either case.
Author— No, I won't* If I publish over
my own name my wlfe'll jret ft—Philadel
phia Press.
trait 67 Wer * look!nff at a "Pellblnder's por
"IHs mouth Is quite prominent." said
Mr. Manchester.
,_." Ye . s C adde<i Mr - Birmingham, "that Is
his visible means of support. "— Plttsbur*
Chronicle.
He— Bertha. I'm going to ask you a ques
tion, a question which will have a lasting
effect upon my life as you answer It. Ber
tha, dear, will you be a sister to me?
She — No. Charley. I can't do that; but 1
will be your wife.— Boston Transcript.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
There is no need for these additional courts.
During the whole course of the campaign the advo
cates of the scheme have rarely undertaken to defend
it before the people. Now and then a letter would
appear on the subject, and such as were sent to The
Call were duly published, but they were few and far
between; and in no case did ihe arguments of. the
writers meet the serious objections which the people
have to the scheme. We have courts enough. 'There
arc already ample opportunities for appeal on every
sort of ground that legal ingenuity can devise. The
burden of taxation is already as heavy as it should
be. There is in short nothing to justify the creation
of three new courts and the payment of salaries to
nine "apointed" Judges, whose appoinirments have
doubtless been already slated by the men who de
vised the scheme.
Vote "NO" on amendment No. 8.
This amendment is marked on the official ballot:
"Amendment No. 8 — Being Senate Constitutional
Amendment No. 22, relating to the judiciary and
establishing courts of appeal."
UNNEEDED COURTS OF APPEAL.
AMONG the constitutional amendments sub
mitted to the people in this election is one'pro
viding for the creation of three'eourts of ap
peal, each to be composed of three Judges. For the
proposed new courts hardly a single reason can be
given, but against them there are a hundred. The
objections to the scheme are many and serious. The
establishment of the additional tribunals will disorder
the whole judiciary system, will impose upon the
taxpayers an additional burden of taxation and will
in the first instance place the appointment of nine
Judges in the hands of the Governor, when the set
tled principle of our politics is that Judges should
be elected by the people.
Kill constitutional amendment No. 8, involving
the scheme to create three courts of appeal. It is. full
of bugs ; -, ' , -\ . )- . : -
For the stay at home voter there can be no ex
cuse this year. Now is the time to crush Bryanism
and sweep the remains off : the earth:'
When William Jennings Bryan sought the cheapest
publisher he could find for his books it is reasonable
to suppose that he felt that cheap thoughts ought to
have cheap clothes.
Make up your mind to-day that to-morrow you
will vote* early and then get out and urge your friends
to vote. Take no chances with Bryanism.
Recent revelations are reasonably good evidence
that every favorable condition is present for the'oper-"
ation of a full-fledged faro game in the office of <
George W. Root, clerk of the Supreme Court \*i*
The Eastern authoress who has contracted brain
fever because of the severity with which her works
have been criticized must have either a guilty con
science or the advice of a shrewd press agent.
It is safe to say that the adherents of Tammany are
not sufficiently anxious to suffer the torments of
broken heads as to follow the advice of Richard
Croker to" use violence at the polls on Tuesday.-
For the welfare and th'e good repute of the State
let us have an honest Legislature. No "crooked
politician" should be elected to either the Senate or
the Assembly, no matter upon what ticket nominated.'
What McKinky has done for American industry
and American labor has evidences on every farm and
m every factory, mine, market place and home in
the country; but what has Bryan ever done for the
workingman?
If the people in this election kick the tools of the
Southern Pacific out of politics, it is probable the
new managers of the road will erase them from its
payroll;, and we shall then have clean politics and
clean railroading to start the new century with.
Under our system of government all interests of
property or person are dependent for security upon
an honest, independent and learned judiciary. We
must have good judges, therefore vote for Coffey,
Daingerfield, Lawlor and Sloss for full terms on the
Superior bench, and for Kerrigan for the unexpired
San Francisco should be worthily represented in
the State Senate; and will be by the election of
Joseph M. Plunkett in the Seventeenth district; R. J.
Welch in the Nineteenth; W. E. White in the Twenty
first; John G. Tyrrell in the Twenty-third, and John
H. Nelson in the Twenty-fifth. Each of these men
can be counted on to stand for honest politics.
LEADING BALTIMORE DEMOCRAT
STRONGLY OBJECTS TO BRYAN
Frank S. Hambleton Turns Against Bryanism
and Will Vote for McKLinley and Good
Government
FRANK S. HAMBLETON, a promi
nent Democrat of Baltimore and a
member of the banking firm of
Hambleton & Co.. of that city, is
strongly opposed to William J.
Bryan as a candidate for the Presidency.
Mr. Hambleton presents his reasons as
follows: ••>.
Editor San Francisco Call: When the
Chicago platform of 1S96 was adopted as
the creed of the Democratic party I
could find nothing in it that appealed to
me as a Democrat— its declaration for a
dishonest currency, Its denunciation of
our highest court. Its appeals to social
ism and its tendency, toward anarchism
disgusted me. I believed that the man to
whom the Democrats sought to intrust
the carrying out of their propaganda,
surrounded as he was by some or the
most vicious political advisers, would not
hesitate to go to the full UmJUi o* the
platform; that ruin would overtake thU
fair land as the certain result of h s ef
forts if elected; and even though his ef
fort! might not be successful the appre
hension of what .he would endeavor to do
would for a long time paralyze our lndus
tr Mr" Bryan stated distinctly In 1896 that
so soon 7s he was elected he would do all
fn his power to abolish the gold standard:
he hai? never revoked that promise and
his seeking to create an Issue which only
exists in his Imagination In order to dl-
vert attention from one which he despot
ically compelled the Kansas City conven
tion to recognize by the Insertion of hi3
16 to 1 plank is puerila and dishonest.
Bryanism is the "paramount issue" of
this campaign and '3 fraught with raoro
dread consequences than all it.e military
bugaboos evolved from the fevered brain
of Mr. Bryan and his Boxer allies. Alt
geld, Tillman, Debs. Wellington. Croker
and others.
Mr. McKlnley's record Is one he may
well feel proud of. Prosperity Is every
where apparent; his foreign policy is dlc
nlfled and strong and his promises to es
tablish the gold standard have been per
formed, and his administration has met
and mastered more untried problems than
any one since Lincoln.
This nation to-day is oppressing no on*
and it must be conceded that our peo
ple in the Philippines and Porto Rico will
get fully aa much benefit of our constitu
tion and the Declaration of Independence
and that. too. in less time than will our
dusky fellow-citizens lately disfran
chised, but taxed, by admirers and sup
porters of Mr. Bryan, whose sympathies
are all for those who are murdering our
soldiers.
I feel confronted to-day with the ques
tion. Shall it be "duty or desertion?" I
voted In 1896 as I believed It my duty to
do. I cannot desert hi November. The
fight is the same— Bryanism versus good
government. I shall vote for McKlnley
and good government.
FRANK S. HAMBLETON.
Baltimore, Oct. 28, 1900.
0
R. M. Wood, editor and proprietor of
the Pacific Wine and Spirit Review, who
has been seriously ill for several weeks,
leaves for Santa Barbara this mornins
for his health. Mrs. Wood accompanied
him.
William P. Pierce, a prominent resident
of Olean. N. T.. Is here on a pleasure trip
with his wife and daughter. They have
secured apartments at the Palace.
W. A. Wllcox. United States Fish Com
missioner, arrived from "Washington, D.
C. yesterday and registered at the Grand.
Walter Raymondj a member of the Ray
mond & Whltcomb excursion concern. Is
registered at the Palace with his wife.'
Dr. G. H. Ealley of Anaheim engaged
apartment* yesterday at the Occidental •
for himself and family.
E. S. Gordon, an attorney of Santa
Rosa, is at the California, accompanied
by hl3 wife.
C. A- Ivors and J. S. Crawford of Los
Angeles are among the arrivals at the
California.
C. A. Palmerlee, a well-known business
man of Los Angeles, la a guest at the
Lick.
H. -C. Van Ness of New York and A. H.
Christie of Milwaukee are at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The voting spaces on the ballot opposite the con
stitutional amendments are marked "yes"— "no." So
there need be no mistake there. The one danger is in
voting for too many condidates when making up, a
list from the several tickets. Upon that point the
voter must be careful.
One member of the Assembly.
The voter will find an easy guide in making up
his ballot in the fact that the Republican, the Demo
cratic and the Social Democratic tickets have each
nominated a full set of candidates for each office, and
no more. Consequently if he vote for as many for
each office as are to be found in the lists of either of
those parties named for that office, he will make no
mistake. It may be as well to point out, however,
that each voter is entitled to vote for the following:
Nine candidates for Presidential and Vice Presi
dential Electors.
Four Judges of the Superior Court for the full
term.
One Judge of the Superior Court (unexpired
term). • •
Five Justices of the Peace.
One Representative in Congress.
One State Senator (in districts where Senators arc
to be elected).
THE BALLOT AND THE VOTER.
WHEN the voter enters the polling booth and
opens the official ballot, he will find upon it no
instructions as to the number of candidates for
a particular office he is entitled to vote for. He
should therefore post himself upon that point at once.
It is a matter of importance to him, for if he vote
for one too many for any office his entire vote so
far as that office is concerned will be null and void.
Thus far all is well, but the end is not yet. New
roorbacks are doubtless in preparation and may bt
sprung upon the people during this last day of the
fight in the expectation that truth will not have time
to crush the lie before the election tak'es place. It 1?
therefore timely to warn the public against them.
That is something that has to be done in every cam
paign, and the warning is needed now as much as
ever. Let no man be deceived. The roorback is the
tavorite weapon of desperate demagogues, and th*
Bryanites are desperate.
WE have reached the closing day of the earn
paign, and the time for the roorback has
come. Two of them of considerable magni
tude, one in the national and one in the local field,
have already appeared. The first was a 'declaration
that Senator Scott of the Republican National Com
mittee had asserted in a speech at a banquet given to
Roosevelt that our prosperity is due to trusts and that
he is in favor of them. The second is the
circulation in the Sixth Congressional Dis
trict of a "dodger" addressed "confidentially"
to Spanish-American voters, to- the effect that
fames McLachlan, the Republican nominee, is
noted for his hatred of the Catholic church,
and as a member of Congress had said in a speech in
the House: "When the appropriation bill was pre
sented to Congress for debate I was surprised to know
that this Government made such large appropriations
to the institutions managed by the Catholic church. I
voted to strike from the bill every appropriation to
an institution of this kind, odious and hateful in
principle."
These two roorbacks have been exploded. Senator
Scott has denounced the falseness of the charge con
cerning him, and Mr. McLachlan has refuted the lies
of the, dodger. It is not likely that either of these
two will be repeated. No Democrat of decency will
uphold either of them, and the yellow journals of
Bryanism will hardly dare to reiterate them. As a
matter of fact the recoil has hurt the Democrats more
than the charge has injured Republicans,*and we may
be sure that all who were concerned in launching the
falsehoods will hunt cover until the election is over.
THE DAY OF ThjE ROORBACK-
In San Francisco trade is healthy and more active
than in other parts of the country. Provision men
report large shipping orders for cured meats, though
prices are a shade off, owing to local cutting by Chi
cago houses. More tone in wool is observed, the
inquiry having been better during the past ten days.
Hides a:id leather continue very firm, and the former
have gone up several times within as many weeks.
The demand for canned goods is steady, but dried
(toils are very slow, as the fall buying is largely over.
Rp.isins continue brisk at firm prices. The minor
cereals are strong, and several have advanced. Beans
have risen rapidly of late, in spite of heavy receipts,
and the farmers along the Sacramento River are reap
irg a rich harvest in consequence. Prices for live
stock continue good, with no indications of any de
cline at present. Th= oil industry seems to be mak
ing great strides; new wells are continually being
struck, and the transactions on the local oil exchange
have increased materially during the past thirty days.
Local stocks and bonds, however, have been dull
fnr some liule time. Collections are reported up tc
the average, and money continues plentiful at rates
of interest which are tending downward rather than
Wall street is acting cautiously, with an eye to
the election, and business there is slow. Large houses
bare been looking to their fences in view of any
emergency, and have advised their customers to re
strict their operations until after the 6th. There is
general confidence in the result, but the long heads
who govern the street do not mean to be caught
napping.
The staples showed little change. Wheat started
up again under advene reports from the Argentine,
l>ut ihr advance was wary and skeptical, and was
mostly lost again at the close. The iron and steel
trades report an improved demand for their products,
* : th slight advances at several points. Some im
jortnnt foreign contracts have been placed, buyers
<*ecid:npr not to wait for the result of the election in
the general confidence that the country will make no
change in its administration this year. There is more
activity in wool, with slightly firmer prices, though
no real advance is reported. The continued warm
weather in the East still affects the distributive trade
l>y postponing the usual retail demand for winter
goods.
The failures for the week were 198. against 183 for
the corresponding week last year. As a rule they
were ?ma!l arid without significance.
The country's bank clearings were 12.9 per cent
below those of the same week in 1899. Considering
that there was a commercial boom last year, with
no election staring ibe country in the face, the ex
hibit last week was encouraging. It is a question
whether, if the Presidential election were eliminated
this j-ear. last week would not have shown an actual
gain over I So/?. As usual the largest cities exhibited
the heaviest decrease, New York losing 15.3 per Cent,
Boston 22.6 per cent. Chicago 7.7 per cent atjd Phila
delphia 14.8 per cert. Piitsburg showed a slight in
crease of .6 per cent, which speaks well for the con
dition of the iron and steel trades.
EVEN* in the liveliest times the week immediately
preccding the Presidential election is never
brisk, and last week was ho exception to the
rule. Trade was quiet all over the country- There
were no fluctuations of importance, no new opera
tions were recorded, and the attitude of the nation
was one of waking.
A GOOD ANTE-ELECTION WEEK-
They are telling a good story on Beylard
Morgan are among the most Interested
and enthusiastic horsewomen. The club
is more than gallant to the ladies and
each girl Is presented with a neat souve
nir in tho shapo of a knife, suitably en
graved and the hilt encased In the luck
less foxskln. Marie 'Wells is the proud
possessor of two of these knives, on© pre
sented by Peter Martin and for the handle
of which the first fox slain In the Bur
lingame hunts sacrificed his paw. and
tho second the gift of the master of the
hunt.
Marie Messer has returned from her ex
tended European visit and brought with
her a trunkful of Paris gowns that have
excited all the ladies out at the Presidio.
Miss Messer is a great favorite out at the
post, and her return means many gay
gatherings In her honor.
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Payne will spend
the winter In Paris. They have leased the
Tiffany home. there, the magnificent place
in which the Will Crockers passed the
summer months.
Mr. and Blrs. Joseph Tobln have taken
the Blair home, on Van Ness avenue, for
the winter. I think that Mai Tobin ought
to fit beautifully in the artistic get up of
that home. There Is a gorgeous red
drawing-room In the Blair home that
should make a glorious setting for tha
sinuous beauty of its new hostess.
Blitz Paxton's home In Santa Rosa will
shortly be adorned with n magnificent
sideboard of carved Flemish oak. Th*
sideboard is one of the> handsomest that
has ever been seen on this coast, and
comes direct from Italy. It cost Paxton
VZQ. i
• • ¦
down at Burllngame. On Saturday last a
stranger went up to him, and mistaking:
him in his correct dress, square-top hat
and frigid hauteur for a groom, called
him "fellow." There was great excitement
for a moment and every one thought there
would be blood shed. But not a bit of It.
Beylard Is too much of a gpntleman to
take offense at suc*h a trifle. Instead of a
blow there was a hearty handshake and
an explanation that made all matters
clear. I don't know how true this Is, but
eome one told me Beylard remarked aftfr
the exciting Incident: "This Is the
proudest moment of my life."
WHAT MISS FLORENCE BRECK
INRIDGE SAW IN THE STREET
CAR.
ALL experience shows that when a people under
take to' tax their own bonds they work an
injury to themselves. In no land has the les
son of that experience been more fully taught than
in California. We have imposed ta-xes on public
bonds for many years, and as a consequence the
greater portion of such bonds have been sold to non
residents and held abroad where they could not be
taxed. Thus the people have lost the income they
sought to gain by the taxation, and have been forced
to send out of the State the interest due upon the
bonds. Furthermore the taxation has had the effect
of discounting the bonds in the market, and , the
people have obtained less money for them than would
have been obtained otherwise.
To remedy the evils resulting from that unwise
system of taxation there has -been submitted to the
people a constitutional amendment exempting from
taxation "all bonds issued by the State of California,
or by, any county, city, city and county, municipality,
niunicipal corporation of any sort, or district (in
cluding school, reclamation and irrigation districts)
within the State."
On the official ballot this amendment is marked
"Amendment No. 4— Being Senate Constitutional
Amendment No. 14." Vote "yes." Such a vote will
help to relieve the State and its various communities
from the ill effects of the existing law. .The exemp
tion will enable every community" to sell its public
bonds to greater advantage, to obtain money at less
rates of interested" to keep at home the money now
sent abroad for interest payments. Every community
in the State and every class of people will benefit by
the exemption. Vote for it.
TAXATION OF PUBLIC BONDS.
Down at Burllngame they are getting
ready for the exciting hunts that are to
be resumed upon the return of Peter Mar
tin and Frank Carolan from their Eastern
trip. Then there are to be the Jolly hunt
breakfasts that were euch good fun last
year and other novelties that the Bur
llngame contingent look to Carolan and
Martin for. The girls are Just as inter
ested as the men In the regular Saturday
drag hunts' and Marie Wells, her cousin,
Marie Oge, Addle Murphy and Therese
I do not belleva it Is necessary to pose
as a prophet to declare that Genevleve
Martin is going tp cause a, commotion In
Manila. Think of the . Filipinos gazing on
her gorgeous blonde beauty and think of
our army officers and their poor suscepti
ble hearts. It is time for Mrs. Martin to
doff her mourning. For one full year she
has clothed her woe in somber black with
nary a bit of white or lavender to lighten
the emblem of her mourning. When she
gets to Manila, though, I understand all
will be different. The climate of pur new
possessions will compel the use of light
clothing and long before ahe returns to
us Genevleve will lay aside her widow's
weeds. Mrs. Martin has adopted the lat
est coiffure,. the pompadour saucily tilted
over one eye, and she looks smashing In
it I'm truly sorry for the male inhabi
tants of Manila.
There are to be two debutantes in the
Parrott family instead of one, for when
Mr".' and Mrs. Louis, Parrott present their
daughter, Maries Louise, they will also
introduce her Bister, Miss Daisy, to the
gay world of society. It is an established
fact that one debutante makes a home
pretty lively, but when it comeB to two-
Let's all hope to meet at Parrott' s this
winter.
The first debutante of the season. Miss
Marion Eels, has been formally presented.
She made her initial bow at a tea (of
course) and was no end admired. Marion
is a San Rafael girl and. like all the
Marln County, Eirls, is stunning, fetch
ing and pretty. The Eels have come over
from, their suburban -home and taken a
place out on "Pierce street, -where, I am
told, there Is to. be considerable "doing"
this winter. • ,
We begrsred and coaxed, but Florence
would, not tell. I wonder if it wasn't—
no, I don't believe It la fair guessing in
this particular case.
"It. was terrible." .jald Florence, when
she told it in confidence. "I never was
and hope never again to be so embar
rassed. I got into the street car and there
was— no, I won't tell her name. Well,
she sat opposite me. She bowed to me
and oh, my! she had a white chiffon veil
on, and— her— lips— were— rouged. She had
been fussing with her veil and hoisting it
up, and there, plain as plain could be,
Printed on the flimsy chiffon that half
hid her pretty face, were two red cupul
bows, one right above the other."
I HEARD a funny story the other day
and as It was a "truly" tale I am
naturally curious to know who tha
girl was that played the leading ' part
in it. Florence Breckinridge told the
story and she told it in that happy way
so peculiarly her very own.
• It happened in the street car anil
caused the pretty raconteuso th» full
amount of misery that has been known to
be crowded Into an awful minute.
MONDAY". NOVEMBER 5, 1900
JOHN 0. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to VY. S. LEAKS. Manager.
MASA-GCni OFFICE.V. Telephone l*re»« 204
IflVUCinSS OFFICE Mnrkrt and Third, S. F.
Yrlrphoop Prrss SOI. x
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... 'ai7 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Vt'-Jlxr-rni tty Carrier*. 15 CrnU Per Weete.
Mr.jLir CopteK, 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mull. Including; Vontsjrei
DA.TLT CAZ.Ij (Ir.clJdinc Sunday), on* year J8.M
UAILT CALL «nc!udir.K Sundar). « moslhs 8.00
r»AIt.T CAM. (iacludirg Sunday), 3 nonth* 1.60
DAILT CAlJj-By SlngV Month 6R0
tUXDAV CALL.. One Tear 1.60
••VKKKL" CALU On* Tear 1.00
A.H poitmiiattrii arc anthorlced to receive
¦ uliBcrlptionn.
Eatr.ple cop'.ea will be forwarded * hen requested. >
Mail rjbrcribr* in crdPT-ins chajyre of ii!dr*tt »J>nti1i5 t<»
ravt)cu!r.r to rive boih .\EW AND OLD ADliltESS la order
tc insure a r^cirrt «nd correct compliance with tfcMr rarest.
BY SALLY SHARP.
SOCIETY: WHAT BURLINGAME DOES FOR ITS PLEASURES.
The conservative elements of the American people,
Democratic as well as Republican, should approach
this ; election with a clear understanding of the
momentous isssues" that would be at stake should
Bryanism survive to make appeals to class hatreds and
to popular discontents in all the complex elections
that are to follow this. It is no slight thing that
one of the great historic political organizations of the
republic should be dominated by a man so unscrupu
lous in his methods and so wild in his creed. Politi
cal apathy at this time is almost tantamount to a lack
of patriotism. Xo good citizen should indulge it. Go
to the polls and vote for the prosperity of the
country and the redemption of Democracy.
1 — ;OR the achievement of a sweeping victory this
I year,. there is needed only that every citizen who
. desires the continuation of the prevailing pros
perity based upon protection and sound money
should go to the polls. The one danger is that of
apathy resulting from overconfidence, buf; that
danger is serious. It is now so well assured that Mc-
Kinley will be elected by an overwhelming majority,
pot only of the electoral college but of the popular
vote, that many citizens who dislike the duty of
going to the polls and voting will be sorely tempted
to stay at home or at their places of business, under
the conviction that their votes will not be needed.*
Such feelings should be put away from the heart
of every patriotic citizen. It is desirable not only
that Bryan be defeated, but that the whole propa
ganda of Bryanism be crushed out of our politics by
the weight of a popular majority so large it will never
have enough strength again to get possession of one
of the great parties of the country. This is an issue
whose importance can hardly be estimated. In times
of prosperity like this Bryanism is not dangerous,
but it was a grave menace to the republic in the hard
times of 1896, and should it be permitted to live with
any prestige at all after this election it will be a ter
rible menace indeed when next overspeculation and
overproduction result in the inevitable reaction from
the industrial and commercial activity that now pre
vails. •
THE DANGER OF 0PATHY.
A fair, honest primary election law is a vital need
of our political system. The amendment submitted
to that effect should, therefore receive the support of
every fair minded, honest man. Vote "yes" for
amendment No. 5. ¦
not be lost upon the intelligent voter. ".Wide open"
primaries are the avenues through which the ward
bosses "and their gangs attain power in politics.
Where there is no law to prescribe punishment for
offenses committed at the primaries, the bosses prac
tice every 'manner of fraud and violence. Honesty
has hardly any chance against corruption under such
circumstances, and consequently good citizens in
many districts abandon the contest and leave the pri
maries to be run by ward heelers as they please. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NO YEMBER 5, 1900.
For that amendment every man who is in favor of
honest politics should vote. The lesson taught by
the primary elections of both parties in this city and
elsewhere at the beginning of this; campaign should
6
Well s»nd you a little to try It yon Hxe.
SCOTT & BOWKE, +>j Pearl street, Ktm Votk.
f
Pure cod-liver oil is hard to
take and hard to digest. A
man that can keep it down,
can saw wood. He thinks he
is sick ; he is lazy.
Let cod-liver oil alone if you
need it. When your physician
orders toast, do you breakfast
on flour?
NOT COD-LIVER OIL
but Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil. They are not the
same ; far from it.
Scott's emulsion is cod-liver
oil prepared for the stomach.
ADVEBTISEEEENTS.
Carrie— I had to do It. He Is so selfish,
you know. He told me he could not live
without me. Just thinking? of himself, you
see. — Boston .Transcript.
Clara— I hear. Carrie, that you nave re-
fused Frank Swetser.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men br th*
Press Cllpplrs Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1M1 " >
Cal. glace fruit 60c per Ib at Townsend's.'
AUCTION SAT/F.S.
By P. Waik'.rs— Monday, November 5. at 11 o'clock. Horses,
et Jt.ll VaH'-Jo streets.
Eherrcin-C!ay Hall— Pltco Recital next Tbursday afternoon
Satro Baths— Open n'.ffhts.
Columbia --"OKvrr GM<Ismlth."
Tivi li-'-Othfllo.' 1
Alhambra — "KiPK of the Oi>!u:n Rlns"
QUlfcrr.ia- "Whose Eaby Are Tou."
Calif crnui - Piur.j Recital, SlocGay eTternocn.
Orriheurii— Vaudeville. ' t
Grand Oj>«-*-hr>ue<^— "A Divorce Colony."
Gr»nc Oi-*TJ-ii.-j^e — Maurice Grau Optra Company. Mon-
Cay «-veninc. Motmilaer IT. ¦-
Alcarar— "IyMrt Paradise."
Olyirjia. corner Uaaoa and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
even: Tie .
AJiTJSEMJENTS.Croom was taken to the royaP palace,
where he is being nursed by the Queen.
She is none the worse for her experience.
The Queen is an expert swimmer, and.
seeing the boatman was drowning, she
sprang into the sea in her. clothing before
any of her attendants could prevent her.
With rapid strokes she swam to the'boat
man's Bide and held him up until persons
on shore put out in boats and rescued
both the Quern and her boatman.
The Queen, who has been staying at the
royal palace at Cascais, was on the beach
to-day idly watching Catalao Croom, her
boatman, bringing his boat In to • shore.
Suddenly a huge wave overturned the
boat. Croom's arm was broken and h©
was overcome by the 'Undertow, which
carried him beneath the waves.
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— The Journal haa
the following from Lisbon: The Queen of
Portugal at Cascals, a fashionable seaside
resort, to-day made a thrilling- rescue,
which has made of her a heroine In the
eyes of all her subjects.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
Crowned Head of Portugal
Prevents the Death of
a Boatman.
QUEEN RESCUES
DROWNING MAN
John Smith, a- guest at the Llndell
House, 202 Sixth street, dropped dead last
evening shortly after 6 o'clock. Smith had
been drinking heavily of late, and death
Is supposed to have been the result of
heart failure. . _ '. -
Vote for Thos. F. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court *
Died in Lodging-House.
HERMOSILLO, Mex.. Nov. 4.— The
construction of the branch line of the So
nora Railway, which Is a: part of .' the
Southern Pacific, to the San Marclel coal
fields, in this State, has been stopped, and
It Is rumored that the project is to be
abandoned. The building of this road was
one of , the pet projects of C. P. Hunting
ton during the latter years of his life.
May Be Abandoned.
Kail way to San Marciel Coal Fields
COtfSTBTTCTIOM' WOEK STOPPED.
The members of the Calvarian Society
commemorated All Souls' day yesterday
at BL Mary's Cathedral In a service at
3 o'clock in the afternoon. The services
opened with the "Stages of the Cross,"
led by Father Ramm. Father J. F. Sul
livan preached the sermon.
Calvarian Society at St. Mary's.
With all tta* changes of centuries ale has
never lost its hold on public favor— and it
never was more popular than now. Thanks to
EVANS. . •
The Stationery Department's Specialty
Engraved^ and printed visiting cards,
wedding invitations and announcements
a specialty with us. Special attention
given to prevailing forms and the correct
styles always assured. The character of
our work is always the best. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Oluse Francisco, a resident of Colma,
while trying to pass In front of a Kearny-
Btreet car yesterday • at the crossing at
Bush Btreet, was struck and knocked
down. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Starr used several
stitches sewing up a gash In his scalp.
Hurt by Kearny-Street Car.
Bakers' Union No. 24 met at B'nal B'rith
Hall yesterday afternoon, and a unani
mous vote was taken to stand by the reso
lutions of the union for eight hours per
day and no work Sunlday. The employers
have yielded on the six-day question, but
want the men to work ten hours a day
and fifteen hours on the sixth day. The
men demand that they be compelled to
labor but thirteen hours on the sixth day
and be given their meals.
J. Rosenberg, secretary of the Saji
Francisco Labor Council, addressed the
meeting, promising It the support of the
San Francisco Labor Council and calling
on the men to stand by their resolutions.
end Hope to Secure a
Victory.
Hold Out for Eight-Hour Day
Helping 1 Hand.
Anbeuser-Busch'a MAX.T-XUTRINK helps
the Infirm, the aged, the conx-alescent and the
new mother beyond all other preparations. Re
news strength and appetite. The easy tonic
Sold by all drugeiets;
BAXERS WILL STAND BY
UNION'S BESOLUnON
Her season in New York, she said, would
be positively limited to four weeks, owing
to engagements made elsewhere. She
goes from here to Philadelphia, then to
Washington, Baltimore and the West and
in February expects to open in San Fran
cisco. As this will be her first visit to
the Pacific Coast, it Is her intention to
present her entire repertoire to San Fran
ciscans. .
Miss Nethersole wlll'have a new leading
man in her company this year. He is Har
rison Hunter, a native of Nashville,
Tenn., but trained abroad.
"I have appeared In public only once
since I went away last June. That was in
Paris, where I made my debut with a reci
tation In aid of the Galveston relief fund.
I spent most of my time in a little hunt
ing lodge which I hired 'on the moors of
Scotland, where I went fishing; and shoot-
Ing."
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Miss Olga Nethor
sole. ardent as ever and fairly glowing
with enthusiasm, arrived in New York
from Europe to-day on the American line
steamer St. Paul, ready to begin her sea
son's work at "Wallack's . Theater on No
vember 12 as Sapho. She said to The Call
representative: ; * 7
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Expects to Open San Fran
cisco Engagement Dur
ing February.
NETHERSOLE TO
STAR ON COAST
Uvan by a morning paper for liberating
boys who had been arrested, for violating
the 8-o'clock ordinance caused consider
able amusement in police circles yester
day.
Some time agro the Police Judges held
<l meeting, and after discussing the fre
quent arrests of boys fo*. trivial offenses
empowered the Chief of Police to release
the youthful prisoners whenever he saw
fit, as It was not thought wise to compel
them to remain in prison all night in
every case. In ordering the release of the
boys w)*se names were mentioned in the
article referrd to the Chief was only car
rying out the order of the Police Judges.
STLI.Y ATTACK MADE
ON CHIEF OF POLICE
Criticized Becausa He Released Im
prisoned Boys by Order of
Police Judges.
The attack made on Chief of Police Sul-
THE Rev. Father Hunilngton, the
Episcopalian monk, lectured in
the auditorium of the Young
Men's Christian Association yes
terdfty afternoon on "Success in
Life." There was a large audience pres
ent.
Success in life, Father Huntlngton said.
can only be attained by the direction of
the energies toward the end for which
God has fitted a man. The difficulty was,
he said, to find out just for what a man
was best fitted, but this could be done by
asking the only one who knew — God.
"A man's identity is divided into three
parts," said the speaker, "his will, his
heart and his mind. His mind is given
him that he may know God; that he may
learn of his infinite g&odness and mercy
and his eternal love. The heart Is given
to a man that he may love God, who is
infinite love. A man must love something,
and he should love somethings that will
uplift him and beget in him newer and
stronger love, for all mankind aa well as
for God. If he loves wisdom, he will find
it in God; if he loves knowledge, he will
find it in God: if he loves purity, he will
find it in God. But if he turn from God
and love only himself, his love will turn
to hate and in time he will loathe himself.
"So a man can find out what he will suc
ceed, at by asking God; and he can find
out all the sooner if he will first ask him
self what he is unfitted for. There are
many things which a man can see at once
are not for him. A sinful life is not for
him. He knows in his heart that God
never Intended him for that. Let him seek
this knowledge from God and he will re
ceive it."
Father Huntingdon appeared In his cas
sock, the garb of the Episcopal order to
which he belongsv
"The world has no regard for a man out
of his place, and God cannot «top to en
dangve. his plan to turn aside for a man
out of his place. He will help the fool if
the fool be wllllntf. but ho cannot stop if
the fool be Bet !n his folly. Man was given
a will that ha might exercise it freely, but
there is a difference between a man who
cannot do a mean or sinful act because
it is beneath his manhood and the man
who can. The man who can do a sinful
act may believe he is the free man, but it
is he whose nature re'yolts at unmanliness
and sin that is the real free man. Aman
out of place may keep to his folly, but if
he do he must be crushed under the on
rush of God's laws.
He-Is jriven a will that he may do God's
bidding- and become part of his great
scheme for this universe.
William Jones; j^Tess Boy on Trans
port Meade, Reports Hold-Up
to Police.
An alleged bold hold-up at the corner
of Broadway and Sansome street was re
ported to the police at the Hall of Justice
shortly after 5 o'clock yesterday morning.
William Jones, a mespboy on the trans
port Meade, claims he was followed for
nany blocks by three men, assaulted and
obbed of J7 50.
Jones told the police that the r»bb«rs
started to follow him on Kearnv street,
i«r Market. He walked in the direction
Df the water front on Rroadway, and
when he reached Sansome street the men
seized him. struck him .on the head and
throwing him up against a building: took
\i from his pockets. Fifty cents was
passed back to him, whereupon one of
the men drew a revolver and threatened
hi* victim with death if he made an out
cry before they were out of eight.
The detectives worked on the case yes
terday, but thus far no arrests have been
made.
SAYS HE WAS BEATEN 4
AND BOBBED BY THUGS
SAN" RAFAEL. Nov. 4.— Antonio Taocpi
was stabbed 'n the leg this? afternoon by
X. Botterir.a. The two men differed on
political quegjions and Botterlna finally
used a knife in emphasizing his argu
ments. A warrant has been issued for his
arrest.
Italian Uses a Xnife.
House Topples Over.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 4.— William An
drews, en employe on the broad gauge
railroad, put in to-day in moving his resi
dence from C street two blocks north.
The work went merrily along, and the
frame structure had rearhed its new rest
ing place, when on adjusting the jack-
Ecrews to lower the building: to the level
of the street an Improper balance caused
the residence to topple over with a crash.
The furniture was nil smashed and the
domicile completely wrecked.
HEAL.DSBURG. Nov. 4.— A serious ac
cident occurred at Healdsburg this aft
ternoon, which resulted In serious In-
Jury to two of the most popular young
ladies of this vicinity.
A horse, the property of Robert Haigh,
was being driven t>y his daughter, Miss
Ethel Haigh, when . the animal became
frightened and ran away. In turning a
sharp corner the vehicle was upset and
the occupants thrown against a fenca.
Miss Haigh was " severely injured, and
doubts are entertained as to whether she
will survive. >" Miss Lou Thompson sus
tained a fracture of the leg at the ankle,
while the other occupant, Miss Maud Rob
inson, escaped ur.hurt.
Buggy While Driving Near
Healdsburg.
Miss Ethel Haigh Thrown Prom a
VACAVILLE. Nov. 4.— The last carload
of green fruit has been shipped from
Vacaville to the East, making a total of
552 cars for the season, against about 700
carloads last year. The decrease was
due to the unusual amount of fruit dried.
There have been 267 cars of dried fruit
forwarded East, as against about 75 cars
last season, and it is estimated that there
are nearly 100 carloads in the valley to
be shipped yet. The returns from the
fruit Bhipped this year were not as large
as In 1S99, which amounted to $700,000. The
receipts for the past season only ag
gregated $600,000. The difference is prob
ably traceable to the'fact that the past
season has been most unsatisfactory in
the matter of time made to the Eastern
markets. Of course there were other rea
sons, but the future of shipping green
fruit to the East is dependent upon a
more expeditious railroad service.
YOUNG LADY SERIOUSLY
INJURED IN A RUNAWAY
ties for, Shipping.
Growers Handicapped by Poor Facili-
FRUIT SHIPMENTS LIG-^x'.
THE DALLES, Or., Nov. 4,— Two men
were killed in a collision between two lo
comotives in the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company's yards at this place
to-day. The dead are A. Nash, night yard
master, and J. McVeight, switchman.
The accident was caused by a signal to
the engineer of the switch engine being
misunderstood by the engineer of an en
fine that had just uncoupled from a
relght train. Both engineers answered
the signal, and the two locomotives
crashed together with great force. V
lng the two men between them.
Railroad Yards at The Dalles.
Crushed Between. . Locomotives in
TWO MEN MEET DEATH.
The engine struck the wagon and demol
ished it. Gervasi was thrown about fif
teen feet, but was not seriously injured.
Colombo was thrown into the gutter
alongside the track and was dead ¦when
picked up. The horse was also killed. Co
lombo had family troubles recently, re
sulting in his wife taking her three chil
dren and going to her parents, who live at
Davisville.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 4.— S. Colombo
was killed at the railroad crossing near
Ben All station, about four miles north
east of this city, to-night. Colombo arid
another Italian, named John Gervasi,
were driving to their cabin on the Haggln
ranch. As they neared the crossing an
outwaid bound freight train was ap
proaching, and Gervasi called Colombo's
attention to it and told him to stop. In
stead of doing so Colombo lashed the
horse and tried to cross in front of the
train.
Sacramento and Is Hurled to
¦ His Death.
Attempts to Cross the Track Near
RECKLESS DRIVER
KILLED BY A TRAIN
On a flatear loaded with lumber were
five men, none of whom escaped unin
jured. Bryan lived about ten minutes.
He had a wife and three children In Den
ver, and died with their' pictures in his
hand. A" badge on his breast indicated
that he had served under Dewey at Ma-
Th'e unknown man was frightfully
mangled by the wheels. He boarded the
car at Slsoon, where a saloonkeeper had
cashed a check for him. He was about
45 years of ago, and wore a full beard.
Hart Is a sewing-machine repairer, and
had boarded the car at Copely. HIb leg
is so badly crushed that it will be neces
sary to amputate it. The injured men
were taken to Redding under care of Dr.
Lowery, the railroad physician.
It -is fortunate that the accident did not
occur either a few minutes sooner or
later. - In the former Instance the heavy
timbers would have rolled d&wn the em
bankment upon the house occupied by
George Galllmar and his family. Had the
train proceeded a few yards further it
would have crashed through the bridge
over Spring Creek. Passenger traffic was
delayed until 2 o'clock this afternoon,
when the track was finally cleared.
KESWICK, Nov. 4. — A disastrous
wreck, "resulting in the loss of two lives
and serious injuries to a number of per
sons, occurred here at an early hour this
morning. Charles Bryan of Denver,
Colo., and an unknown woodsman -were
killed. The Injured are: James Hart,
Charter Oak, Iowa, leg broken; Bird
Woodruff, Ashland, Or., leg broken;
Charles Alexander, Clrcleville, Ohio, scalp
lacerated. •
The train was an extra freight under
charge of Conductor Frank Matthews,
and was running at a high rate of speed
to make Redding in time to meet the
northbound Oregon express. Shortly after
It passed the depot the axle of one of the
lumber cars broke, and the train had sped
200 yards before it was brought to a
standstill. Four cars were overturned
and their contents scattered along the
track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
All of the Injured Men
Were Stealing a
Train Was Loaded With Lumber and
ROAD BLOCKADED MANY HOURS
¦ ¦
Two Men Are Killed. and
Three Others Seriously
Wounded,
BROKEN AXLE
CAUSES WRECK
HEAR KESWICK
PHOE.VIX. Ariz.. Xov. 4 — C. W.
Harris, the ma^notle healer, and Mrs. C.
M. Ulnford, \7hn eloped from Los Ange
les, nre still in jail, but it is believed
that the latter will be released in the
morning. Binford arrived In Phoenix this
rnorninp, and spent the day with his wife
at the priFon. He had previously sent
the following telegram to her:
"Dear Clara: 1 will come to save you.
You certainly must De hypnotised."
As poon as she had talked with her hus
band Mr^ . Binfora rlpettted of her rash
! act. She eays she will return to him if
' she- escapes punishment. In an Interview
! Bmfcrd said:
•; "I shall do what I enn to save my v/lfe,
but I shall also use every endeavor to semi
Harris to jail."
Mrs. Hinford first took the matter as a
I joke, but she ha? been melancholy ever
; since the arrival at her husband.
She is the daughter 01 Judge C. C. Mc-
Coinas of Los Angeles, who is assisting
; Binford to secure her release upon $500
i bonds.
Upon his arrest Harris wired to his wife
¦ for aid. although she had begun an action
for divorce. To-day Mrs. Harris tele-
J graphed her fcrjrivennrss. arid she is ex
: pected to ro ; f«e the necessary bonds. It
: Is said thnt Harri? was a train dispatcher
j in Chicago, nnd left that olty after be
i comfng involved in a diniculty. He has
| slnc^ been poalng as a magnetic healer.
fr^lal Dtppatch to The Call.
Woman Is Now Penitent and the
Magnetic Healer Is Alsa Ask
ing His Wifi to For
give Him.
MAY SECURE HER RELEASE
Husband ol "the Erring
Woman Visits Herat
Plioeoix.
MSR. BINFORD
AND HARRIS ARE
STILL IN JAIL
LODI. Xov. 4.-Mkhael Yeopp was mar
ried n?«r herp yeptorday. and his w<l
f.\r\z, day wa* fraught with excitement
trough to serve h!m the balance of his
Myi,
"While the celebration Tva» po'ngr on two
brothers, named Frank and George
<T.ant!er. arrived and sent In won! that
they deplred to see tllchicL They were
in-.oxlcated nnd boisterous, ar.d the' bridc
proom rofused to apow. fearing: bodily
injury, as the Char.tlers had previouely
given him trouble. The bride's brothers.
John and Jake Heib. expostulated with
the intruders. One of the Cbantler* made
a tr.ov<> for hfs revolver, and .Tnke Heib
< aJied to hif= brother in Grrman to look
out. A» the Fame instent Char, tier pulled
his pun. Heib seized the weapon, wrest
ing it from his murderous assailant. The
other Chantler ran to hi? wagon and cam?
hack with » <loubl*-h*rrel*>d shotgun. He
!«v«=lpd it at young H*«ib. when
the letter's brother grappled with
him. A wild ftruggle followed. Chantlei
j"Jll"d tho tr1jj*<»r. but Heib's hand was
below It and th«= weapon failed to dls
rhrjrBe. Heib finally overpowered the
other nnd broke the shotgun to pieces over
the fence.
The Chantler« jumped into their rig and
drove hurriedly sway. John Heib hurried
to this place, but rnuld not find an officer.
This morning the Chantler? returned and
afked for their guns, but the weapons had
been turned ovnr to Constable Co'.eman.
The Chantlers have not yet been located,
and Teopp fours to have them arrested.
The case will be laid before the District
Attorney to-morrow. An old feud is said
to be the ca-j5e of the murderous attack.
Special D'.'pa'ch to The Call.
Lif? of One cf the Eeibs Probably
Saved by the Prompt acd Cour
ageous Action of His
Brother.
OLD FEOD BREAKS OUT ANEW
Cbantler and Hell) Broth
ers Have a Lively
Battle.
FIGHT FOR LIFE
AT A WEDDING
CELEBRATION
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, -NOVEMBER 5, 1900.
Eloquent Words of Rev. Father
in Y. M. G;.A, Hall.
HOW MAN ATTAINS
SUCCESS IN LIFE
REV. FATHER HUNTINGTON, THE EPISCOPALIAN MONK, WHO AD
DRESSED A LARGE AUDIENCE YESTERDAY UPON THE BEST
WAY TO ATTAIN SUCCESS IN THIS LIFE. •
7
AMUSEMENTS.
GREATEST VAUDKVILLE SHO"W OK
EARTH.
THE DUNHAM "FAMILY, ./JESSIE
CQUTHOUI, MAGGIE MOORE,
NORA BOYES, DOLAN and LEN-
HARR, PRELLE'S TALKING DOBS,
HOWARD AND BLAND.
WORLD and HASTTXC3. J<~>HN*SOX. RIANO
and BENTLET.
R^servM seats. 25c; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
an«t box *«>at9. 60c.
Mattnws Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ELECTION~RETURNS
Will be announced from
the stage to - ftiorrow,
Tuesday evening*
LAET TTiTES. TO-NIGHT & -Wednesday Night.
"OTHELLO."
Last Times. Friday and Saturday Nights,
"IL TROVATORE."
Positively Final Performances ef
"CARMEN"
Tuesday. Thursday, Sunday Nlgfctt. Saturday
Matinee.
ELECTION RETURNS WII^I, BE READ
FROM THE STAGE TUESDAY NIGHT.
POPULAR PRICES. 23 and 50 cents,
TO-NIGHT. Tuesday and 'Wednesday Night*.
Professional Matinee Wednesday.
STUART ROBSON
And his excellent rnpporttnsr comoany tn Au-
gustus Thomas' Masterpiece,
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
Thursday and Remainder of T^eJt,
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER."
Etuart Rohson as Tony Lampkln.
Next Monday— FTtAXTv DAXIEL9 TN "TfTB
AMEER."
O\/ER 25OO
ANXIOrS PEOPLE WE KB UNABLE TO
SECURE ADMISSION AT THE CALI-
FORNIA THEATER YESTERDAY.
Two Tremendous Houses Howled at ths Fun-
niest Play Ever Seen Hers.
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOU"
Next— "THE ROTAL MARTXB BAN1V'
OF ITALY.
THIS AFTERNOON at 1:15, O'CLOCK.
THIRD DA^ROSCH RECITAL.
" SIEGFRIED! "
I Wednesday Afternoon— FAREWELL RECITAL!
! • •OOTTERPAMMERUNG V '
|
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
Matinees Saturday and Sunday-
LAST WEEK OP
JHE JBm$kWil P"V COM *
- NEWH !$iJMA.a l 19 Mala B PANY
THI9 EVENING
First Production on Any Stage of Sydney Ro-
senfeld's Farcical Romcnce of South
Dakota,
A DIVORCE COLONY.
Evening Prices 10c. 13c. 23<x 5f>o
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra 73o
• Matinee Prices 10c. ISc. 25c. 60c— No higher
Branch Ticket Of flee 'Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
Beginning MONDAY EVENING. NOV 13TH,
Morosco's Grand Opera Ronse.
REPERTORY FOR THE FIRST WEEK:
Monday Eve.. Nov. 12.. ROMEO ET JULIETTE
Tuesday Eve.. Nov. 13 TANNHAUSER
Wednesday Eve., Nov. 14 AIDA
Thursday Eve.. Xov. 15 FAU8T
Friday Eve.. Nov. IS ..LOHENGRIN
Saturday Afternoon. Nov. 17 LUCIA
Saturday Eve., Nov. 17.. To b« announced later
SALE OF SEATS
For Single Nights Begins WEDNESDAY
MORNING NEXT at 9 O'clock at Box
Office of Grand Opera-house.
PRICES— Orchestra and Prera Circle. $7;
- Back Rows of Orchestra, J3: Family Circle, $3;
Gallery. J!: all reserved. Boxes. MO to J6O.
WEBER PIAXOS USED.
» .
» ALF ELLINGHOUSE. Proprietor and M'gT.
P Phone South 770.
SLECTI05 RETUilHS aansuaeta from ths itig» ta-
merr«w Tu»sd»y. ivsniag.
THIS WEEK— LAST TIMES OF THE
B I G SHOW !
"KING OF THB OPIUM RING."
EVERYTHING NEW THIS WEEK!
NEW Bongs, Dineei. Kstio. Xitinst Saturday.
Farewell Performance Saturday Nljht!
Next Sunday Afternoon — The Popular Come-
dian. FRANK TANNERHILL JR. and His
Own Company, Direct From the Star Thea-
ter. New York City; Presenting Last Sea-
son' s Success,
"A YOUNO WIFE!"
POPULAR PRICES
EVENING 15c, 23c. 23c, 50o and 73o
2 MATINEE..... 13c. I3c. 33c and 60o
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Melodrama of tna Highest Order,
LOST
PARADISE!
" ELECTION RETURNS READ FROM THB
STAGE TO-MORROW (TUESDAY) NIGHT.
Next— THE ABSENT BOY.
t RACING! RACING! RACING!
O 19<XV-WINTER MEETING— 1301.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NOV. JD TO NOV. 17TH. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each cay.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. I. 2:30 and S p. nx. connecting
' „ with trains stopping at the. entrance to th»
• track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
- electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
l. nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
, Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
le 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
t- THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
Write for new catalogue of watches, jewelry,
silverware. Invaluable to out-of-town purchas-
ers. Hammersmith & Field. M Kearny st. •
Mr. Joseph T. O'Connor, Democratic
candidate ' for Justice , of the Peace,' has
the experience and ability to decide a case
on its merits. He has the courage to rule
In accordance with his convictions. •
FOR
BRYAN and STEVENSON!
GRAND CLOSING RALLY I
M. ji liVernash
...ON...
CHINESE. INVASION THROUGH THB PHILIPPINES.
METROPOLITAN BALL
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Judge William P. Lawlor has proved an
honest, efficient and able Judge, and
should receive the votes of all citizens, Ir-
respective of party. •
VOTE FOR
Senate
Constitutional
AmendmentNo.15
THE SEVENTH AMENDMENT ON
THB TICKET— PROVIDING FOR THE
PAYMENT' OF TEACHERS* SALAR-
IES AND OBLIGATIONS DUE TO
Merchants of San Francisco
®VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for ME*
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
woret cases In old and young
arli>lnr from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
elgaj-ette-smcking. Cures Lest
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desips. Lame L'ack,
Nervous Debility. Headache, l/nfltness to Mar-
ry. Lo« of Semen, p— f\ Varicocele or Cpn-
rtip«tion. Stops Ne CJ rvous T wl tehlnc
ef Eyelids. Effects i"ij7«*r« Immediate.
Impart vlror and CKMTS^ncy to every
furrtion. Don't ret despondent: a cure Is at
htnd Reetorea email, undeveloped orgrans.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box; 6 for $1 60 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with € boxes. Circulars
fr£ AddreM BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EUls
rt San Franel»eo. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
*• "and 40 Third «t. _J__
Radway's
Pills
Purely veeetable. mild and reliable. Cmm
perfect d!c«etlon, complete absorption . *ad
healthful remlarlty.
For the cure of all disorder* of th# Stomach.
LSver. Bowel*. Kldn*jr», Bladder, Femal* " Ir-
repularltlee. Sick Headache. BllloumeBS. Con-
stipation, Pile* and all derangements of tht
Internal Viec«ra. 25c a box. At Druggrlets, or
Lv malL RADWAT & CO.. New York.
The population of the Berlin suburb
Charlottfnlmrp If in a curiously unstable
condition. Lrtst yoar 44.718 of thf» popula-
tion of 174.5X 1 left the city and 53,744 from
elsewhere took th^ir place.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I fashion I
j book „
I free
[ The new winter cata-
I log containing all the
Jl autumn styles is ready —
I send for a free copy.
I RIVER MINK FUR CAPE—
II like cat above, ruffle around
I bottom, elegantly lined with
I heavy satin— a Iiebea leader.
1 14 inch *15.0>)
j 16 inch $17.&)
« COLLARETTE-
!¦ with electno eeal yoke. Top
1 collar and border of electric
}I, chinchilla; very handsome; 10
/¦I lnche* fie«p $g.5O
3 HXiebes
I ©• Company
f mcoREoRorto^ _ • V
I 133-157 PoVt/t at
TELEPHONE GRANT S3.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
In order that country buyers may
enjoy the same advantages as city
buyers for tne holidays, we will
prepay freight within ico miles on
¦»t| catalogued priced gcods "xcepi
Flour, Sugar, £oal Oil and AV.ntral
Wnt?rs, providing orders amount to |
55 oo and over. November cata'o^ue {
tree for the asking.
Hams, reular tfc ib Ws,
Our celebrated Eastern Royfll nrar.d.
Plne?*npie h Maraschino i-ot 7fc
?on,.»th)ng n^w.- with patent Klass
stopper; mest select goods ev»>r put up.
tea ib 25c
Of the Ptflton character, mnile In New:
York State: equal to the imported, which
coats eoc lb.
Brandy, Cal. R & n 3 hots $?.G0
Pure grar«. Reg. 14 gal. gal. sf.t.OO
Bin. Ho'hnd. 0 * bet 75c
L. L. & Co. brand; imported.
Sweet Arpla Cider, reg 50c gal 4Gc
De lione's. New shipment Just In.
Canfing Set?, Tpfe e « 8 "- set 75c
English Bteel. Regularly $L15.
Salt Boxes, TSS2S8: each 25c
"With DeUt Decoration*. Reg. 80c
Apple Butter. HfpR 25c
Regularly 60o full quart. 40o
Pennsylvania home-mad*.
Keller Sprotten, ffi'&H tin 15c
Slightly gmoked Sardine in Olive Oil.
Farina. H?cker's, pig 10c
Nutritious for Invalids and Infants.
Toothpick Holders each 15c
Porcelain. New and novel— the point
of the toothpick is never handled.
HifTSirQ O ur imported "La Mu".
Ulgdldi riel » tit cigar i s a i arge r
and sweeter smoke than you can ge*
flsewhere.
"WATCH OUR THURSDAY'S ADS.
f^ "^<
Single Box Mattress
IS steel tempered springs,
hardwood, legs. We are r
soiling this mattress for
V?e carry a complete* stock of
everything in the Furniture line.
BIG REDUCTION IN EVERY
DEPARTMENT. Call and in-
spect our prices. /
WE EXTEND CREDIT. *
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST..
Near Powell. Open Evenings.
I- ,„ .i. M —^
I Why don't you i
¦use
i"Ko-Nut"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for
Shortening and Frying.
Try it, and you will never
use Butter or Lard again. ;
Never gets rancid. j
Guaranteed free from Ani-
mal 'Matter.
!Ask your Grocer, or write
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia. I
PAINLESS
mV. r *-t^*^ gl5^ GEARY ETREKT
Between Hyde and I^arkln.
Telepnone Polk 1135.
INSCRIPTION
BL FOR WEAK WOMEIM. j
1A/. T. HESS.
H0TART FUBCI0 AND ATTO&NSr-AT-LAIT.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels B!dg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs of Generation.;
¦ Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggUta.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES^ ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
HUNT'S DOO CIRCUS, EDDIE MACK.. MOLL
& RAND. EDNA DAVENPORT. AZARA.
HENDERSON & ETVERS. NEW MOVING
PICTURES^
TESS AND HEIMFABY MONKEY.
THE CONGO FAMILY,
AMATEUR NIGHT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
PTCpiir'P'C CONCERT HOUSE.
Plo- Faccl. Sylvia Puerarl, Cesara AUesan-
dronl, Antonio Vargas. Adelbert , and Adelaide
Frank, Frank and Cella Morris and Claire Fez.
' Reserved Seats, 25c; Matinee Sunday.
APVEBTI5EMSNT8. jSecond race — Five furlongs: maiden two-year
olds; purse.
905 Cath. Bravo.... 104 .... Special ReservelO9
1143 Missel 104 1183 Aphrodis ......109
1148 Billy Lyons 104 El Sonoro 109
.... Argot 109 Instants 109
.... Roundhead 109
Third race — One and one-eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward; celling.
Osmonde 104 1216 Gauntlet 107
1286 BanKor 107 Benroe 107
.... Walkenshaw ..107 .12S6 Imperious 104
1170 Opponent 10^ 1233 Castake 104
Fourth race — Futurity course; two-year-olds;
Belling. '
1198 Loneliness ....99 .... Xellio Forest. .107
1277 El Topic 108 (1207)Andrattus 107
1273 Picklow 96 1241 Scr'nw'll Lake.103
1207 Irate 101 1207 Intrada 105
1284 Marcy 105 1284 Seide 106
Fifth race — One mile; three-year-olda and up
ward; selling.
1287 Hungarian ....103' 1287 Wooster Boy.. .103
1270 Malay 103 12S6 Locochee 103
1243 Loconomo 104 126S Sunello 88
12S7 Pat Morrlssey. 97 12S3 Goldone 93
1201 Silver Tone 1071 1273 Ping 97
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; all ages; puree.
12S2 Sybaris 110 .... The Singer 106
1200 Lost Girl 110 621 Midian 107
1205 La Borgia 113 Tenny Belle.... 96
1264 Letlger 98 748 Ifaversham 110
1190 Montanus 113 1231 Redwald 116
.... Werthelm 107 1208 Alas 113
Possible Winners.
First race — Girly Ducat, Lucera, Galanthus.
Second race— AphrodlB, Special Reserve, In
stante.
Third race — Bangor, Gauntlet, Opponent.
Fourth race— Nellie Forest. Andrattus, Irate.
Fifth race— Wooster Boy, Locochee, Pat Mor
rlssey.
Sixth race — Faversham, La Borgia, Alas.
While the fields at Oakland track this
afternoon are not so "classy" as on the
opening day. they are evenly balanced
and some splendid sport should result.
The stables of Sam Hildreth and Green
Morris are again represented, as well as
those of several other Eastern owners.
The racing on Saturday created a most
favorable impression among followers of
the turf, and a successful season of sport
is assured.
Just at present there is a scarcity of
riding talent, which will disappear no
doubt very shortly. Pat Dunne expects to
secure the services of T. Knight, and
"Walter Jennings la waiting patiently to
hear from the employer of George Odom.
The latter received a fearful fall last
year on one of the Eastern tracks, and
for a time his riding was oft* color. Now
it is said his courage Is gradually return-
Ing and he bids fair to recover his old
form. Patsy McCue and young . Slack
will also be seen on the local tracks, so
reports say.
The stable of Brown & Llger Is due to
arrive at Oakland to-day. "Curly"
Brown, one of the firm, is well known
in this section of the country, where his
ability as a starter first brought him Into
prominence. The fast sprinters, Gold Or
and Merry Day, are members of this
string. Wedderstrand is the stable Jockey.
It Is not generally known that besides
being considered, the top-notch trainer of
this country, Sam Hildreth has few equals
at plating the race horse. When younger,
Sam tried his hand at riding, after which
he became a Liacksmith.'
Though the bookies were not pestered
with any great number of big: bets on Sat
urday, they were all well pleased with
the outlook. Paul Ridley, George Rose,
Gus Miller, the Palace Club, Jim Davis,
Johnny Coleman and F*red Cook were all
mentioned as comfortable winners, with
the others to hear from.
One Eastern penciler took a rather hard
fall out of Bavassa in the betting, still
this same bookmaker is a big gambler
and the fact that he did should crea'te no
distrust. Stuart, who rode the filly, has
never been accused of wrongdoing, and
it was no doubt a fit of the sulks which
caused the filly to fall out of it early.
It is rumored that the officials of the
San Francisco Jockey Club . are not in
favor of using the recall flag.
If Thomas, who rode Grand Sachem on
Saturday, expects to become a rider, he
should put a dash or two of tabasco sauce
in his soup when dining. It doesn't look
well to go duck hunting on a horse that
recedes from 6 to 15 to 1 In the betting.
Billy Randall had a swell bet down on
Gauntlet to win the mile and a sixteenth
event, taken by Bangor. Fauntleroy
scrambled the eggs badly.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race— Five furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; purse.
Galanthus ......109 .... Litmus 109
1349 Lucera 104 Lu Rayo 104
1196 Kitty Lundy... 103 ....David S 109
. 1277 Richard S 104 106S Faenza 104
114S Briton 109 1125 Girly Ducat... .107
George Odom, Patsy McCne and Slack May Soon Don the Colors on Local Tracks— Another
Batch of Excellent Entries at Oakland Track This Afternoon-Stables Coming. \
CRACK HORSES HERE IN COUNTLESS NUMBERS,
BUT CAPABLE RIDERS ARE IN GREAT DEMAND
New York physicians generally believe
that Dr. Koch's mosquito theory of the
spread of malaria has been verified, but
credit for the proof ;s given to Dr. Pat
rick Manson, an English physician.
Joseph T. O'Connor, Democratic candi
date for Justice of the Peace, is growing
stronger every day. The people recognize
his ability and integrity. . •
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Knell 3. Two-base hit
— McLaughlln. Sacrifice hits — Devereaux 3.
Stanley, Levy. First base on errorsi — Sacra
mento 2. First base on called balls— Doyle 4,
Knell 6. Lert on bases— Sacramento 3. San
Francisco 4. Struck out — By Doyle 2, by Knell
«. Balk — Knell 1. Double plays — BrockhofC to
Schwartz; Hildebrand to Rellly. Time of Rama
—2 hours. Umpire— Van Haltren. Official
scorer— Nathan.
Minor Games.
At the Sixteenth and Folsom street
prounds yesterday morning: Company D
defeated Company N, League of the Cross
Cadets, by a score to 10 to 0. Pitcher Mc-
Quade of Company D twirled in remark
cble fashion, allowing but one hit. The
second game, between Companies C and I,
resulted in a tie. 5—6, at the end of the
eighth inning, darkness preventing a com
pletion.
On the Presidio grounds teams from the
Industrial and accident departments of
the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany played a match game. The indus
trials won. 21—11.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and . Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water3 at Fort Point, ntrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent, j
NOTE— The h!*h and low waters occur at the
city front (MIsKlon-street wharf) about twenty
five . minute* later than at Fort Point; tho
hflsht of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW VOH1C— Arrived Nov <— Stnir Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogme: stmr f-t
Paul, 'rum Houthampton and Cherbourg; stnir
Caledonian, from Liverpool.
Sailed Nov 4-t-ttrcr Htsperta. for Marseilles.
Genoa, etc. j
ANTWERP— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Urn
bria, frnm New York, for Liverpool; stmr Eaxo
nia. from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Lucar.ia, from Liverpool,
for Xtw Tork.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
th« early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand 1 column and the ! successive tides ¦: of the
day. in'the order; of occurrence as to time of
dar. the third .time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide < of the day. '. except .when .there are but
throe tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven* are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes ".he height, and
then the number given . is sub'.f acted from th«
depth given by the charts. - The plane of refer
ence U the mean of the lower low waters.
Trunks — Trunks — Trunks.
Again we lead In this line. Oure is
the only store In town showing the new
wardrobe trunks. They cost a little more
than other trunks, but you'll admit they
s.re worth the difference if you will come
and see them. Made in ladies' and fjen
tlemen'i? sizes. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market Ftreet. •
Sun rises.: g.53
Sun sets ..*!"!!!.'."X!s:07
Moon sets..........;. 6:02 "a." m.
Firearm Is Dead.
NEW TOUK, Nov. 4.— Firearm. «on of
Rayon d'Or and Kidos. died to-day of
pneumonia. He belonged to James
Bode:i. H« won the Juvenile stake and
the Manhattan handicap In 1S99, and In
1900 the T>st handicap, the Sea Cliff, the
l-'iight and many others.
GEORGE WHITNEY IS
£>?*. AN EASY WINNER
the Single Tournament at Cali-
Heavily Handicapped, He Attacehs
f ornia Club.
The semi-finals and finals of the single
handicap tournament at the California
Club were played off yesterday and
George Whitney won the first prize. He
was heavily handicapped all through the
tournament, but* by his skillful playing
he distanced all competitors.
The first match was between John
O'Brien and Richard Ersklne. Erskine re
ceived 15 and 1-6 and in the first set, by
well placed drives, won with a close saore
of S-6. The second was another deuce and
vantage set which O'Brien won. 8-6. by
his clever back-hand, cross-court shots.
Tne third set and match was won by
O'Brien. 6-4. Erskine was tired and off
his game. . ** ;!?¦•"*'
The next match was George Whitney
vs. Paul Jones. Whitney gave Jones 15
and owed 30. The first set was hotly
contested.- both playera winning to the
net at all times. Whitney won. 6-4. In
the second Jones made a stand and by
clever volleying made It 4 all. • Whitney
won the next two games and set, 6-4.
In the finals Whitney gave O'Brien 30.
Whitney won the first set easily, 6-1. The
second was his also, 6-1. The third, la&t
set and .match, fell to Whitney, 6-1.-
The British ship Springbank Is having a
lot of trouble getting rid of her cargo.
While rounding the Horn she had a ter
rible time of it. and many of her sails
were blown away. But luck came with
the end of the voyage, the captain's wife
presenting him with an heir. The decks
were swept during the heavy weather and
much water got down into the forehold.
Much cement was In the cargo, and 1400
barrels of it are "cemented" together so
tightly that it will take crowbars to get
the barrels apart. About fourteen pianos
that formed part of the cargo are ruined,
and, all in all, the voyage, of the Spring
bank will prove an expensive one for the
insurance men. Captain Crosthwaite's
wife and child are doing well at fat Mary's
Hospital. The baby was born the day tho
Springbank made port.
A Change of Time.
The Pacific Coast Steamship "Company
Is always up to the times. Another steam
er has been added to the southern route,
and Messrs. Gcodall, Perkins & Co. now
announce that four boats a week will
leave San Francisco for San Pedro and
way ports. The Santa Rosa will leave
every Sunday and the Queen every
Wednesday. These vessels will be filers,
not stopping at way ports until Santa
Barbara 1b reached. After leaving Santa
Barbara they will touch at Port Los An
geles Redondo and San Diego. The Coro
na will leave every Friday, and the Bonita
every Tuesday. These vessels will stop at
all way ports and will, fill In'the blanks
left by the fliers.
Water Front Notes.
The river steamer Pride of the River
was towed to her dock by the Aurora yes
terday morning. A manhole gasket blew
out when she was near Antloch, and the
Aurora'had to bring her back to San
Francisco. . :
The steamer National City arrived from
Needle Rock yesterday wlth'the wreckage
of the steam schooner Sunol. Much ma
terial had been saved. The National
City was covered with wreckage • and
looked like a wreck herself as she came
Into port.
The steam schooner Jeanie, that went
ashore On the rocks.near Point Arena and
was gt>t off. has been repaired. She sailed
for Port Angeles. Puget Sound, yesterday.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 4.
Btmr National Clty,'D«ttmer»,' 13 hours from
Little River; bound to San Pedro; put in to
land wreckage of the stmr Sunol.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Braggr.
Stmr Newsboy, Lundqulst, 20 hours from
Usal.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland 27 hours from Moss
Landing.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, 21 days from
Hilo.
TELI*!RAPHIC.
BAILED.
Sunday, November 4.
Stmr'Jeanle, Mason, Port Angeles.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astdrla.
Stmr. Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Btmr National City. Dettmers, San Pedro.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, Bowens landing.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pedersen, Chemainus.
Schr Fortuna, Lubcnr. Eureka.
POINT LOBOS, Nov' A. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind S\V, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed inward Nov 4—
Ektn .Skaglt, from Honolulu, for . Port Gam
ble.
Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Dirign, from Dyea.
Sailed Nov 4— Br bark Low Wood, for Dela
groa Bay.
VENTURA — Arrived Nov 4— Stmr South
CoaHt. from Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGKLES— Sailed Nov 4— Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr North Fork,
hence Nov 2; stmr Samoa, hence Nov. 3. ,
Sallerl Nov 4— Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Eureka, for San Francisco; schr
Jessie Miner, for San Diego.
' ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 4— Br ship Dechmont,
for ; Br ship \\* 3 Pirrie, for Queenstown;
Br'ship County of Edinburgh, for Queenstown;
stmr Geo W Elder for Pan Francisco. -
Arrived Nov 4-Br ship Leicester Castle, from
Shanghai.
POKT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov 4— Bktn Ska-
Klt, from Honolulu. *
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Sailed Nov 3— Br bark Fiery
Cross, for London.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Handball Games.
.The handball matches played yesterday
at' tho San Francisco courts resulted as
follows:
J Manning and E. Garrey 21 15 21
\V. Cummingf and J. McXamara 16 21 20
r>. Regan and M. KIrby 21 21 19 13 21
E. Barr>- and J. Foley 17 18 21 II II
W. "tVilliftms end TV. Walsh... 21 20 21 1» SI
D. Connelly and M. Joyce 12 21 10 21 U
F. Lex-ene and B. TVurkhelrti 21 21 21
B. Meyers axd M. Levey 20 16 IS
G McDonald and M. McDonald 21 21 17 20 21
P. McKinnon and M. McXeill.. 10 14 21 51 U
XV. H. Eteberst and G. B. Hayward... 21 19 21
W. Fisher and \V. H. Kediaa 16 21 17
V?. Hassell and T. Foley 21 21 10 15 21
T. Leach and A. Collins 14 lfi 21 21 19
X. J- rren<Jerra*t and K. Jacoby 51 11 21
J. Hosan and W. Kennedy 14 ]7 20
K. H. LrUner and J. J. Kavar.augh.. 21 1& 21
W. Walsh and R. Lonjfabaeh It M 20
E. Curley and W. Maguire 21 13 21
J. CoIIir.s and J. rtiordan 20 21 17
O. B. Hayxrard and E. J. Murphy 71 51 21
J. McCarthy *r.<! J. Condon 18 13 19
PRIVATE OAKLEY M AIMED
THROUGH CARELESSNESS
Soldier Cleans His Gun While It Is
Loaded and Loses Two
Fingers.
John Oakley, a private In th« ElghteenOi
Infantry, lost two fingers of his ilgnt band
yesterday at the Presidio. He was en
gaged in cleaning his rifle when the gun
went off. Inflicting the Injury. In explana^
tlon of how the affair happened Oakley
used the time-honored excuse that ' he
did not know it was loaded.' He was
taken to the post hospital, and the fin
gers, which were hanging by shreds of
flesh, were amputated.
Her Cargo of Cement Got Wet Off the Horn and Fourteen Hun
. - dred Barrels Must Be Taken Out With Crowbars.
THERE IS TROUBLE IN STORE FOR
THE SPRINGBANK'S UNDERWRITERS
Thieves Secure Seven Hundred Lire
SAFE AT VATICAN
IS AGAIN RIFLED
From the Store of Peter's
Pence.
Eneelal Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Coryricbt. l& f -*. by the Herald Pub
lifhir.fi; Company.
LONDON. Nov. 4.— A dispatch to the
Chronicle from Rome 6ays the police have
traced the securities recently stolen from
the Vatican. They were sold at Genoa to
some unknown persons, who are supposed
to have pone to the United States. There
was another theft at the Vatican Satur
day. The safe in which Peter's pence are
kept was rifled, but the thieves secured
only 7uO lire. •
NEW, MINISTRY NAMED.
Cabinet Crisis in Chile Is Satisfac-
torily Passed Over.
VALPARAISO, Chile Nov. 4— The Cab
inet crisis was terminated to-day by the
formation of a coalition Ministry, made
up in part as follows:
Premier and Minister of the Interior,
Marsano Sahchez Fontocilla.
Ailnister of Foreign Affairs, Alberto
Gonzales Errazurla,
Minister of Finance, Manuel Covar
rubias.
Minister of War, Arturo Besa,
to Murder and Two Other
Arrests Made.
As a result of a fight in the saloon at
440^4 Sixth street, Richard O. Thurman.
the saloonkeeper, Is locked up in the City
Prison on a charge of assault to murder;
Daniel Frawley, a laborer, is locked up
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon, and Thomas Frawley, his broth
er, on a charge of disturbing the peace.
Shortly before 8 o'clock yesterday
Frawley entered the saloon with his
brother and two other men and
asked Patrick Lynch, Thurman's father
in-law, who was attending the • bar,
for drinks. Frawley was drunk and Lynch
refused to serve him. There was a row,
and Thurman, who was upstairs In his
bedroom, hurried to the bar to see what
was the matter. He saw Frawley coming
from behind the bar and accused him of
stealing a bottle of whisky. Thurman or
dered him out of the place, and he threat
ened to get a fighting friend who would
come back with him and clean out the
place. He and Lynch grappled and Thur
man separated them. Frawley grabbed
hold of Thurman, and Thurman used a
club In beating him off.
Frawley went away andThurman locked
Saloon-Keeper Arrested for Assault
ROW IN A SALOON LEADS
TO A SHOT BEING FIItED
the door. Frawley and his brother re
turned and Frawley tried to break In the
door. Thurman opened the door to allow
his wffe to enter, as she was outside, and
Frawley made a rush at him. Thurman
had a revolver In his hand' and warned
Frawley not to enter the phxee. Frawley
threw a heavy rock at Thurman, which
missed him and smashed a number of bot
tles and glasses that were on the counter.
He continued to rush upon Thurman, and
just as he was about to close on him
Thurman fired and the bullet struck Fraw
ley on the right shoulder, making a flesh
wound.
Policemen .O'Connor and Conlan heard
the shot and saw Frawley and his brother
running away. They pursued and over
took them, and on learning the facts ar
rested Thurman also and booked the three
on the charges mentioned.
DESIGN OF LIPTON'S YACHT
BEING KEPT VEEY SECRET
Sir Thomas Confers With. Watson
Relative to the Building of
the New Challenger.
Fivclal CaMe to The Call and New York Her
ald. Corrrleht. 1900. by the Herald rub
ll«hlr.E Comr>any.
LONDON. Nov. 5.— Sir Thomas Lipton
1b conferring at Glasgow with George L.
Watson, designer of the new challenger
for the America's cup. In reply to the
questions of an Express correspondent Sir
Thomas declined to make any statement
in regard to the building of the new racer
in question.
"The desig-n and construction of the
yacht." he said, "are entirely in the hands
of Mr Watson, in justice to whom It
would be unfatr to make any statement."
From other authoritative sources, how
ever, it is learned that Sir Thomas' visit
to Glasgow was for the purpose of sign-
Ing contracts for the building of the
yacht. The^e. as anticipated, have been
placed with the Hendersons' Meadowside
Yard builders of the Thistle, the three
Valkyries, Britannia, Meteor and Syba
rlta. ' The date specified in the contracts
for the handing over of the vessel is
March 4. The frame work will be laid
down this we«kl . '
The greatest precautions are being taken
to preserve secrecy regarding the design.
The footpath along the banks of the Clyde
•which skirts Henderson's yards is already
closed.
•Firrt time.
tSecond time.
Company L, First Infantry, N. O. C, medal
shoot— Lieutenant Curzons 41. Corporal Sens
stack 34. Musician W. B. Porter 38. L. M. Key
31 E. Kenton 39, F. Wehr 29, T. Branch 33, C.
E Darby 38, H. B. Stlndt 41. Sergeant T. Mar-
Iowa 24, H. Dougherty 22. C. J. Wehr Jr. 23.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 4.— There was a
good attendance at the Schuetzen Park
rifle range to-day, and the shooting was oC
good quality. A. Strecker carried off tho
honors with an exceptionally good score.
The shooting? in th« California Schuet
zen Club section resulted as follows:
For first champion class medal— A. Strecker.
223, 22S; F. P. Schuster, 211; D. B. Faktor. 210,
206. Second champion class medal— Captain F.
A. Kuhls. 228. 216: Otto Brraer. 219, 215: T. J.
Carroll. 200. 193; William Ehrenpfort, 156. HZ.
First class— C. M. Henderson. 222. 217: H. Eck
man, 211. Second class— A. Gehret, 222, 204; G.
Tammeyer. 217, 205; A. Jungblut, 205. 200; C.
J. Wolden. 205. 139; R. Stettin. 193. 131: T. C.
Babln 188 156; Captain F. Attinser. 176, 160.
Third class— F. A. Schrumpf. 135. 167; R. San
jrer. 190; J. C. Waller. 179. 155: C. A. Sagehorn.
1S4 169; F. C. Hagerup. 113. 105. Fourth class—
J. T. Peck. 175. 92; T. D. Smith. 173, 130. Cadet
class — TV. "Woenne. 150; 145.
The shooting in the Verein Eintracht
section resulted as follows:
Champion class medal — Captain F. A. Kuhls.
425, First class— A. Stroh, 310. Second class—
C. Thlele. 303. Third class— O. Ludwlg, 314.
First best shot. F. A. Kuhls. 21; last best shot,
F. A. Kuhls. 22.
On Sunday, the 13th, there will be a pub
lic turkey shooting festival at the park
open to all marksmen. Bowling contests,
with gobblers for prizes, will also be in
order.
COLUMBIA RANGES
WEEX PATRONIZED
Regular Shoot at Harbor View
Brings Out a Good
Crowd.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
its regular shoot yesterday at Harbor
View. Captain Fred Kuhnle led with the
22 rifle, C. M. Daiss with the revolver. A.
H. Pape with the fine rifle and F, O. Young
with the pistol and military rifle. Scores:
Columbia target: Class medals, rifle, ex
perts—A. H. Pape. 68; F. O. Youn*. «L
Sharpshooters— G. M. Barley, 117.
Markwnen— O. Hoadley, 65; Mrs. C P. Wal
tham 87: Dr. J. F. Twist. 110: Dr. H. C Traak,
lei; i. A. Allen. 163: X. A. Robinwm. 106. back
score 232; G. Mannel. back score 88.
Pistol class medals, experts— P. O. Toune.
44. Q. M. Barley. 43: C. M. Dalss, U; A. 1L
Pape, 9*.
Sharpshooters— O. Hoadley. 78.
Marksmen— Mrs- C. F. "WaJtham, 6S : Mrs. G.
Mannel, 88, back score 65; K, A. Robinson. 93,
back score 90; O. Mannel. back score S3.
Rifle — F. O. Young. 61: O. ManneL 88. 73. 73.
73 84. Record scores — O. Hoadley. 95, 10O; Dr.
Twist. 114; J. E. Jewell. 137; T>r. Tr&sk, 158.
Military rifle match. Creedmoor count— F. O.
Young. 4S. 47. 47. 44, 45; A. H. Pap*. 47. 4«. 44,
"""Twist revolver medal— C. M. Dalw. 4J. 44. SS.
5S, J7. ». 62. 62, 69, 96; P. O. Toua». 64, 6!>. 63,
63: Mrs. Mannel, 101.
Pistol medals— F. O. Toanjr. 80; P. Becltsr.
83. 82. 64. 66; O. Hoadley, 74. 77.
Twenty-two and 25 caliber rlfl» medals — Cap
tain Fred Kuhnle. 13. 20. a. 23. 24, 24. 21 27;
V Becker. 23. 27, 25. 29. 31: A. B. DorrelL 25. 27.
23. 23; Dr. 3. F. Twist. SO. »4, 24, 15.
Record scores, pistol— X. A, Robinson, n, TT.
Several of the German So
cieties Shoot at Sciinet
zen Park, San
Rafael.
SHELL MOUND
RANGES USED
BY TWO CLUBS
Yesterday was rather a quiet one at
Shell Mound Park. There were only two
clubs at the ranses. and these failed to
record any remarkable scores.
In the medal shoot cf Company L, Fir3t
Infantry, N. G. C. the laurels were car
ried off by Lieutenant Curzons with 41
points to his credit on the ring target,
second honors being secured by Corporal
Sengstack. whose rtcord was 34 points. In
the State medal shoot, hefd by the same
company at 200, 300 and 500 yard targets.
Lieutenant Curzons again carried all be
fore him with 24 at the 200, 20 at the ZW
and 21 at the 500 yard targets. Corporal
E. H. Sengstack shot second best with
20. 18 and 19 respectively.
The monthly medal shoot of the Inde
pendent Rifles resulted in a victory for
Corporal P. Schonig with a score of 43.
Sergeant George Mitchell being a closa
second with 41.
Detailed scores follow:
Monthly medal shoot of the Independent Rifle*
— Corporal P. Schcnijr 43, Sergeant GeorK»
Mitchell 41. H. Kuhlke 37. H. Goetjen Jr. 31. C.
Iverscn 22, H. Mitchell 21, C. Kornbeclt XL
State shoot. Company L, First Regiment:
Annnal Handicap Road Event
Across ttie Bay Captured
by an Olympic Club
• Wheelman.
The sixth annual 10-mile handicap road
race of the California Associated Cyclists
was held yesterday over the Fruitvaie-
Haywards course. The read was in splen
did condition and fast time was made.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen captured
first place. J. P. Simmons, a three-min
ute man, winning- the race, while the Gar
den City Whtelrnen of San Jose made
fastest time, l^ace T)owning covering tho
course in 23 minutes 57 seconds.
There was one unforunate accident,
which marred the race somewhat. H.
Noyes, of the Sacramento Club, while rid
ing to the start, was, run over by a team
and badly bruised. Otherwise the race
was without incident.
The following table show6 the 6core:
SIMMONS WINS
THE TEN-MILE
CYCLING RACE
Stockton 4, Oakland 2.'
Jim McDonald, umpire, referee and de
feater of champions, eat in judgment yes
terday at tho diamond mix-up between
the Dudes and the Millers. In the sixth
inning something happened which looked
very much as If McDonald was looking
through unwashed windows. "When it was
all over two of the Millers scored, tho um
pire's decision making the runs possible.
To McDonald's credit it may be said that
he was in a. position that made- it impos
sible for him to see the play.
Thlg is how the only featural event of
the game- happened: Two of the Millers
were sleeping under tombstones chiseled
by the Dudes, Moore was on the third baj
and Streib on liret. McGucken, at bat,
rolled the ball to Fraucks. who, after a
pretty 6top, threw low to Lohman at lirst.
Lobman's foot strayed from the bag as
he caught the ball, but ho recovered an ln
etaiit before McGucken reached the Initial
fetation. This McDonald could not see, so
he called the runner safe. When Lohman
realized what, the decision was he began
to throw wildiy, and the ball streaked the
infield before it found a resting place at
second. Moore and Streib having crossed
the rubber. '-
The game started well, but after the
third inning dragged painfully. In the
third Courtney made the first of his two
baggers. McGucken. who then did the
running act for him, stole third and scored
when Harper hit to Lohman. In the
ninth Graham scored for the MUlers,
which, with the two runs of the. sixth,
made the score four for Stockton.
The Dudes scored in the sixth and
seventh. With Lohman on third and Bow
man on first. Graham tried to force the
third out as Bowman started to steal sec
ond. He threw wildly, and Lohman
scored while Bowman was safe. In the
eighth, with Francks on second and Held
en first, Pop Hardie batted out a double
to right. Francks scoring, but Held died
at the plate.
Few hits and many errors were the
wearisome attributes of the game. The
score:
STOCKTON
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
McCarthy. 1. I 4 0 0 0 5 0 0
KcGucken, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Moore. 2b 2 10 0 2 2 1
Streib, lb... 4 12 19 4 2
McHale. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 10
Graham, c 4 10 0 4 0 0
Babbitt, s. s 4 0 0 14 4 0
Courtney, 2b 3 12 18 2 1
Harper, p 4 0 11110
Totals 33 4 6 4 27 11 4
OAKLAND.
AE R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f 6 0 10 2 10
Francks. s. s 4 110 2 4 3
Held. Ib 4 110 2 10
Hardie, r. f 4 0 10 10 0
Vosktonan. p 4 0 10 18 1
BcwrSin, 1. f 3 0 0 2 10 0
Lohman. lb 2 0 0 0 12 3 1
Kelly. 3b 4 0 10 2 4 0
Mangerina. c 3 0 0 0 4 0 1
Totals 33 2 6 2 27 15 5
KUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 00100200 1—4
Base hits 00101101 1—3
Oakland 00000110 0—2
Base hits 10100220 0—6
SUMMARY.
kuns responsible for— Harper 1, Moskiman 1.
Two-base hits— Courtney <2), Hardie. Sacrifice
hit — Courtney. First base on errors — Oakland
8, Stockton 4. First base on called balls—Oak
land 4. Stockton 1. Left on bases— Oakland 6,
Stockton 5. Struck out— By Moskiman 2, by
Harper 2. Hit by pitcher— Moore. Double
j,;ays— Streib to Babbitt; Lohman to Kelly.
Time of game— 1:50. Umpire— J. McDonald.
Olflcial scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
MORNING GAME.
Oakland 14, Stockton 5.
Oakland won the game yesterday morn
ing on the Oakland grounds by tearing
strips off the ball. Babbitt, who was on
the slab for the Millers, was so easy for
the Dudes that not an inning passed with
out a hit off his delivery, and In four In
nings great bunches of exploded fireworks
were etrewn over the field. For the mat
ter of that Borchers was no better, but
he received a support which. In compar
ison with that bestowed upon Babbitt, was
like Paradise to the nethermost recesses
of the torrid place below. Moore and
Courtney were the arch offenders.
Stockton played with more or less ab
sence of luck, especially in the flffh, when,
after making three hits, not a man could
be shoved over the rubber.
OAKLAND.
Lohman'j drive over the left field fence
was the spectacular piece of pyrotechnics
of the day. The score:
AB. R- BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c f 6 3 3 0 2 0 0
Francks; e. ¦ 6 0 10 3 5 0
Held, r. f 6 1 2 0 8 1 1
Moskiman, 2b 5 2 0 0 3 2 0
Kcrchers, p 5 110 0 2 0
Bowman. 1. f 4 2 2 13 0 1
Lohman. lb 5 2 3 0 7 10
Kelly. 3b 6 2 10 3 3 0
lAangerlna. c 4 110 3 10
Totals 43 14 14 .1 27 13 2
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. 1 4 2 10 2 0 1
Mt-Gucken. c. f 4 12 0 6 0 1
Moore, 3b 4 13 0 12 2
Fireib. lb 5 110 8 0 1
McHale. 2b 4 0 2 10 2 0
Graham, c 4 0 2 13 0 1
I^bbitt. p 8 0 0 0 12 0
Courtney, e. s 4 0 10 3 3 2
Johnson, r. f 4 0 0 0310
Totals 3« 5 12 2 24 10 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 1 0 3 0 0 0 10 0-5
Base hits 20303120 1—12
Oakland 01133106 •— 14
Uase hits 112S211J •— 14
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchcrs 2, Babbitt 1.
H< roe run — Lohman. Three-base hit — Bowman.
Two-base hits — Drennan, Kelly. Held: Sacrl
fl'-e hit— JIcGucken. First base on errors — Oak
land 6. First base on called balls— Oakland I,
Stockton 3. Left on bases— Oakland 6, Stock
ton 8. Struck out— By Borchers 3. by Bab
bitt 2. "lilt by pitcher— HcHale. Double play
Babbitt to Streib. Parsed balls — Graham 3.
Time of Bame— 1:40. Umpire— J. McDonald.
Oiftcial scorer— H. 3. McFarlin.
«.
Sank Is Out of It-
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 4.— Whitewashed
was Henry Harris* pretzel eaters to-day.
His defeat means that Sacramento will
be sure pennant winners. The game was
close and interesting, the features being
some fine fielding by Sheehan and great
infield work by Eagan and Reilly. The
score:
BACRAMENTO.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. 8b 2 0 0 0 4 3 0
Sheehan. c. f 4 0 2 1 4 0 0
Stanley, c 3 O 0 0 2 1 0
Eagan, ss 3 110 0 4 0
Doyle, p 4 1 10 0 1 0
McLaughlln. 1. f 5 « 1 0 3 1 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 1
UuBhes. r. t 2 10 0 10 0
Stultz. 2b 1,001121
Totals 26 3 5 2 27 IT -. \2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. DH. SB. PO. A. K.
Brockhoff. c f 3 0 0 0 2 1 n
Hildebrand, r. f. ..... 4 0 0 0 3 10
Krug. « 4 0 2 114 0
Pabst. 1b 4 0 0 0 10 0 1
Schwartz. 2b 4 0 1^0. 2 1 l
Sullivan, c 2 0 1 0 6 1 0
Levy. 1. f J 0 0 0 1 1 0
Rellly, 3b 2 0 0 0 2 J 1
Knell, p 3 0.0 0 0 I 0
Totals ..29 0 4 1 27 14 "l
•RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0.0 1 0 0 0 0 0 2—3
i Bas* hits 0 0 10 0 10 0 *— 5
: Ban FYancitco 0 0 0OO00O o V
I B&se bits 0 1 1 tO 1 0 0 1—4
Morning Event Was Foil of
Hits and Errors — Slow
Match on Local
Diamond.
MAJORITY OF
GAMES TAKEN
BY THE DUDES
With Saturday's rundown furnishing
good all-round coursing and the contest
ing hounds In yesterday's finals running
close up to top form, the big 123-dog open
stake offered by the Union Park manage
ment as the •week's event can go on rec
ord as the equal of any of this season's
attractions. The hares, like those of the
previous day, put the dogs to severe tests,
and though there ¦were not many escapes
recorded relief dogs were turned loose
quite often. .
Palo Alto, the incendiary, set fire to
great bulks of money in his course with
Iowa Maid.- Geary's celebrated flier has
two first-class reputations— as a sprinter
and as a hesitator. With 8 to 1 quoted In
his favor the fast son of Kmin Pasha al
lowed the Maid.tolscore the kill and even
up points on him, when he could have won
In easy style If he had not hesitated. In
the run-off tt was the same old story — had
her beaten but would not pick up the
game.
Curtis & Sons' Narcissus played against
coursing luck. In the second round he
went the limit In a go with Gold Nugget,
in which he showed himself possessed of
the necessary qualities of a stake winner.
A hard hare full of tricks worried the
game dog to a finish and made the work
doubly severe. The punishing test told on
Narcissus and he was withdrawn. Consid
ering the great form he displayed it was
a certainty, that Narcissus would have
been an important factor at the finish.
F. A. McComb's Little Sister won the
deciding course from P. J. Reilly's Royal
Union. Both dogs showed well through
out the stake. In a bye with Twin City
Girl in the third round Union went up
against a hard course, which undoubtedly
hurt his chances in the final. Against Mc-
Comb's fast hound he showed the effects
of hard going in the early part of the
course, but picked up and was doing good
work when he scored the kill, leaving Lit
tle Sister three points ahead of him.
It was a Rood day for the favorites,
though the few short ends which landed
were at average good odd3. Miss Ellen
was kind to her backers, getting the flag
twice when the odds were five to one
against her. Rocker did well and reached
the fifth round, where he was put out by
Floodgate. Most of his courses were hard
ones. Russell & Allen's youngster Spite
ful got well along in the stake by good,
clever work.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, second round — J. P. Thrift's Bru
tus beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist, 7-0; E.
Geary's Ireland beat J. Morlartty's Jimmte An
thony, 22-3; R. B. de B. Lopez's Dairy Maid
beat Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells. 4-0;
Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter beat J. Ma
iler's Emma M, 8-6; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael
beat E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha. 2S-11: P. J.
Reilly's Royal Union beat Pasha Kennels' Rude
Awakening, 5-0; F. Schou"s King's Borderer
beat P. J. Olmo's Cora Pearl, 8-6; James Sher
idan's Forest King a bye; D. Toland's Pleasant
Girl beat J. Morlarlty's Klttleman. 14-8: P. J.
Reilly's Honesty beat F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys, 12-0: C. Bonar*s Wild Norah beat O.
Zuhl's Miss Wilson. 1S-3; E. M. Kellogg' s Iowa
Maid beat E. Geary's Palo Alto, 7-6; L. F. Bar
tels' Best Bargain beat Connell Bros.' St.
Helen, 10-8; R. E. de B. Lopez's Crawford Rex
beat George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket. 10-2:
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs beat T. J. Cro
nln's Vixen, 3-0; Russell & Allen's Spiteful
beat P. Doyle's Liberator. 9-6; A. Buker's
Kanaka beat E. M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe. 10-0;
Erskine & Jones' Lavender beat George Shar
man's Bowery Boy, 14-12; J. Moriarity's Snap
per Garrison beat T. J. Cronln's Vandal, 14-2;
F. A. McComb's Little Sister a bye; R. L. Tay
lor's Mose beat Curtis & Sons' Echo. 5-3; Lande
& Gerber's Rienzi beat J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince, 8-2; B. Silver's Reannex beat Aeneld
Kennels' Achilles, 7-5; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Sweetness, 8-7; Curtis
& Sons' Narcissus beat Pasha Kennels" Gold
Nugget, 27-9; F. Jones' Lavlna beat T. W.
Bartels' Mac's Melody. 4-3; George Nethercott'a
Floodgate beat Russell &. Allen's First Foot,
6-0; James Sheridan's Forest Queen beat Pasha
Kennels' Round About, 24-11; Pasha Kennels'
Roman Athlete beat E. & R. Scott's Lord By
ron, 8-2; Pasha Kennels' Reve d'Amour beat
J. L. Ross' J L R. 7-4; H. A. Deckelman's
Rocker beat Curtis & Sons' Cash, 7-5; E. M.
Kellogg's Sweet Emma beat Captain Cane's
Victor Queen. 13-5.
Third round— Brutus beat Ireland, 8-4: Dairy
Maid beat Golden Garter. 11-9; Royal Union a
bye; Forest King beat King's Borderer. 32-3:
Pleasant Girl beat Honesty. 10-8; Iowa Maid
beat Wild Norah. 1S-14; Crawford Rex beat
Best Bargain, 4-3: Spiteful beat Rollicking
Airs, 4-2; Kanaka beat Lavender. 6-0; Little
Btster beat Snapper Garrison. 3-1; Mose beat
Rier.zl. 14-11; Miss Allen beat Reannex, 34-21;
Lovlna a bye; Floodgate a bye; Rocker beat
Roman Athlete, 16-6; Reve d' Amour beat Sweet
Emma, 6-1.
. Fourth round — Dairy Maid beat Brutus, 28-18:
Royal Union beat Forest King. 10-6; Iowa Maid
a bye; Spiteful a bye; Little Sister beat Ka
naka. S-l; Mose a bye: Floodgate beat Lovlna*
8-2; Rocker beat Sweet Emma, 18-13.
Fifth round — Royal Union beat Dairy Maid,
12-8; Spiteful beat Iowa Maid. 8-5: Little Sister
beat M/we, 8-4; Rocker beat Floodgate, 19-11.
Sixth round — Royal Union beat Spiteful, 5-S;
Little Sister beat Floodgate. 10-6.
Deciding course — Little Sister beat Royal
Union, 10-7.
FORGIVE WINS STAKE
AT GOODWATER GROVE
Results of the Coursing at Stockton
From First to Last
Bounds.
STOCKTON. Nov. 4.— The results of the
coursing of the Pacific Coursing Club at
Goodwater Grove today are as follows:
First round— Erin's Hope- beat John Collins;
Pink of Fashion beat Black Chief; Cash In.
beat Egyptian Princess; Pansy Pasha beat
Hard Game; Forget Me Not beat Top Out;
Terronlte beat Lucky Al; Joker beat Little
Hope; Mountain Chief beat Miss Pollard:
Sarah Gold beat Bounding Belle; Prince of
Fashion beat Wild Lassie; Rough Rider beat
Henry Gold; Low Shake beat May Gold; Glen
Roj beat Arno; Right Arm beat Raceaway;
Forgive beat Four Spot; Cash Day beat Sleepy
Dick. -.1- A'"-
Second round— Erin's Hope beat Pink of
Fashion; Cash In beat Pansy Pasha; Forget
Me Not beat Terronlte: Mountain Chief beat
Joker; Prince of Fashion, beat Sarah Gold;
Rough Rider beat Low Shake: Cash Day beat
Glen Roy; Forgive beat Right Arm.
Third round — Erin's Hop* beat. Cash In:
Mountain Chief beat Terronlte: Roush Rider
beat Prince of Fashion; Forgive beat Cash In.
Fourth round— Erin's Hope beat Mountain
Chief; Forgive beat Rough Rider.
Final— Forgive beat Erin's Hope.
Royal Union Is Rnnner-Up.
Palo Alto a Loser at Odds
of 8 to i.
FIRST MONEY
GOES TO GAME
LITTLE SISTER
SPORTS OF A SUNDAY IN THIS AND ADJACENT COUNTIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1900.
JOHN BULL AND THE YANKEE JOCKEY.
"CHEER UP, JOHN. LOOK AT THE EXPERIENCE YOU'RE GET
TING." :y O<s - -New York Herald.
8
>e:
t AM) CLUB.
Handl-
| cap. !
1
Net
Time.
J. p.
P. Ml
N\ Be
F. He
3. L
V. Gr
Si
ur:
on
ion*, O. C. W..
B. C. W
O. C. W
0. C. W
ony. O. C. \V..
. C. W
3:00
2:00
2:45
3:00
5:45
3:15
25:06 4-5
23:07
24:i2 1-5
25:07 2-5
24 :S2 3-5
: 25:22 4-5
Ln. B. C. TV..
U. C. YV
; o. c. w
G. C. YV
G. C. W
ay. unattach*<:
3:13
3:15
S:00
2:00
2:30
2:15
25:Z!
26:12 1-5
25:27 2-5
24:22
24:37
2:30
24:52 2-5
ta,
•, unattached..
ZM
24:22 3-3
2:00
24:27 3-5
u
a!
11
ISI
Bi
o. c. w
v. B. C. W....
is, B. C. W....
o. c. w
3. C. W
i-n, C. C. C...
3:00
2:45
2:45
1:33
1:30
2:00
' 2.',: 27 4-5
25:13
25:32
24:17 1-5
24:27 4-5
24:»8
2:00
24:SS 1-5
2:15
B:U 2-5
i 24:15 3-5
G. C. W
24:15 4-5
I • .•>
er. O. C. W...
24:31
1:00
Scratch
24:16 1-5
'•23 *57
; Scratch
I 1:15
t23:37 1-5
25:12 2-5
Scratch
¦ ?>craicn
i Scratch
23:58
air
MM
. B. C. W
l, unattached..
i 2:15
1:15
j 26:35 1-5
26:23 2-5
111
! 3:03
2:00 ;
1:30 i
2S:27 1-5
2S:45
2S:15 1-5
30:00 2-5
NAMKS. f
200
ras.
i SOO I
JTds.
Y4
0
i.
Lieutenant Curzons
Corporal E. H. Sengstack..
W. Branch
Charles Darby
L. M. Bey
F. H. Wehr
W. B. Porter
Sergeant T. Marlowe
W. Schawb
J. Murphy
W. H. A. Voll
Corporal H. G. Stlndt
L. E. Fenton
C. Wehr Jr
N. Gans
21
20
12
:i
11
17
19
18
8
17
IS
13
13
20
20
. L
10
13
IS
18
19 "
19
21
19
17
19
n
23
23
19
13
21
19
22
13
n
a
ij
3
20
20
21
21
17
Steamer.
From.
Due.
South ¦ Portland Seattle.......... .:.... Nov. 5
Uonita ......... Newport................... Nov. o
Eureka Humboldt....... Nov. 5
Cleone Tlllamook... ..*...... Nov. 5
Manaupnte .... Comox. Nov. 5
JInttcawan Tacoma .' Nov. S
St. Paul... Cape Nome Nov. 6
O. W. Elder... Portland........... Nov. 6
Queen- Honolulu..'..: Nov. .6
Newport New York Nov. 7
Santa Rosa ..:. San Diego.... Nov. 7
Pomona — .... Eureka. ..'.".;:.'.:. v Nov. 7
Empire ........ Coos Bay...... Nov. 8
City of Puebla. Victoria... Nov. 8
North Fork .... HumboMt;. Nov. 8
Point-Arena.... Point 1 Arena...... Nov. -8
Cooa Bay Newport .....Nov. 9
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Czarina ... [Seattle. ........ JNov. 5, 10 am|Pler 8
Corona .....sail Ditgo..... Nov. 5, n am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. [Point Ar«na.. Nov. 6. 2 pm Pier 2
Alliance ...|Portlan4 Nov. 6. .; Pier 20
San BcnHo|Mexlco (Nov. 6. 12 m
Curacao ... Mexico..., Nov. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla.. Victoria Nov. 7. 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta .... Newport INov. 7. 9 am] Pier 11
Eurrka Humboldt JNov. 7, 9 am|Pier 2
P<"1 Xer York INov. 8. IS mlPMSS
Santa Rosa San Diego [Nov. 9. 11 amlPIer 11
("Jeo. Elder. Portland Nov. 9. 11 am Pier 24
t-mplre .... Coosjiay Nov. 9. 4 pm Pier 13
Xpalandla . Honolulu Nov. 10,- 2 pm Pier 7
Xorth Fork Humboldt Nov. 11. 9 am Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Newport....... Nov. 11, 9 am Pier 11
D Time (, Time Time Time
* ; Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
. »:. L W H W L W H,W
6 ... 3:06 2.0 9:29 6.2 4:06 0.S 10'59 4 a
«... 3:50 2.3 10:08 6.3 4:55 —0.8 11.54 4f
7... 4:83 2.6 10:50 6.4 6:43 -1.0 ...... .'
H W L \V H W L W
8... 0:4» 4.7 5:1S 2.8 11:31 6.2 6:34—0 9
9... 1:44 4.6 «.-0T 3.1 12:15 5.9 7:24—0.7
10... 2:41 4.6 7:00 3.2| 1:03 5.6 8:15—0.4
11 ... 3:3S 4.6 8:08 "3.81,2:00 5.2 9:09 0.0
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Czarina ... [Seattle. ........ JNov. 5, 10 am|Pler 8
Corona .....sail Ditgo..... Nov. 5, n am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. [Point Ar«na.. Nov. 6. 2 pm Pier 2
Alliance ...|Portlan4 Nov. 6. .; Pier 20
San BcnHo|Mexlco (Nov. 6. 12 m
Curacao ... Mexico..., Nov. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla.. Victoria Nov. 7. 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta .... Newport INov. 7. 9 am] Pier 11
Eurrka Humboldt JNov. 7, 9 am|Pier 2
P<"1 Xer York INov. 8. IS mlPMSS
Santa Rosa San Diego [Nov. 9. 11 amlPIer 11
("Jeo. Elder. Portland Nov. 9. 11 am Pier 24
t-mplre .... Coosjiay Nov. 9. 4 pm Pier 13
Xpalandla . Honolulu Nov. 10,- 2 pm Pier 7
Xorth Fork Humboldt Nov. 11. 9 am Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Newport....... Nov. 11, 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
South ¦ Portland Seattle.......... .:.... Nov. 5
Uonita ......... Newport................... Nov. o
Eureka Humboldt....... Nov. 5
Cleone Tlllamook... ..*...... Nov. 5
Manaupnte .... Comox. Nov. 5
JInttcawan Tacoma .' Nov. S
St. Paul... Cape Nome Nov. 6
O. W. Elder... Portland........... Nov. 6
Queen- Honolulu..'..: Nov. .6
Newport New York Nov. 7
Santa Rosa ..:. San Diego.... Nov. 7
Pomona — .... Eureka. ..'.".;:.'.:. v Nov. 7
Empire ........ Coos Bay...... Nov. 8
City of Puebla. Victoria... Nov. 8
North Fork .... HumboMt;. Nov. 8
Point-Arena.... Point 1 Arena...... Nov. -8
Cooa Bay Newport .....Nov. 9
D Time (, Time Time Time
* ; Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
. »:. L W H W L W H,W
6 ... 3:06 2.0 9:29 6.2 4:06 0.S 10'59 4 a
«... 3:50 2.3 10:08 6.3 4:55 —0.8 11.54 4f
7... 4:83 2.6 10:50 6.4 6:43 -1.0 ...... .'
H W L \V H W L W
8... 0:4» 4.7 5:1S 2.8 11:31 6.2 6:34—0 9
9... 1:44 4.6 «.-0T 3.1 12:15 5.9 7:24—0.7
10... 2:41 4.6 7:00 3.2| 1:03 5.6 8:15—0.4
11 ... 3:3S 4.6 8:08 "3.81,2:00 5.2 9:09 0.0
A -n-p-E-B. nSEMENTS.
.Judge William P. Lawlor Is thoughtful
and • studious as well as a practical t man
of affairs, and merits the support of all
voters. j&£«£I8B *
OUR RECORD
Twenty years" success In curing
weakness and diseases or men.
OUR GUARANTEE
No pay required till patients ara
convinced that they ara cured
DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS.
We cure Lost >Ianhood and
Weakness -which accompanies it;
also Private Diseases, Varicoceie.
Stricture, Blood Poison, Diseases
of the Kidneys. Bladder, etc.
Home cures a specialty. Private
book, question list, etc.. fee at
office or by mall. Correspondence
confidential. ¦ .
HOURS: Dally. 8 to 5. Everi'll&S'
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 1L ELE\ A-
TOR ENTRANCE.
721 Market St.
J (3JL San Francisco.BERKELEY. Nov. 4.— Professor Louis
Dyer of Oxford will lecture on Dr. Bchlle
mann's excavations at Troy, Mycenae and
Tlryns before the students of the State
University to-morrow afternoon in the
gymnasium. One of the Interesting fea
tures of the lecture will be the story of
the finding of a Bite now recognized as the
place where Homer's Troy • lay. Friday
morning Professor Dyer will speak during
students' hour on the Boer -war.
Professor Dyer's Lectures.
Hugh S. Hart Dead.
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— Hugh S. Hart, a
well-known writer on sports, died in
Brooklyn this evening of a complication
of diseases.
Oakland Office Ean Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Nov. 4.
Peter Farrell, who was shot a week ago
last Friday by Edward Rlvest during a
fight over the removal of furniture from
Farrell's house at 1316 Klrkham street,
died of lockjaw in the Kecelvlng Hospital
at 6 o'clock this morning.
Farrell had been taken to tho hospital
Friday in a dying conJitlon. The wound,
which was caused by a load of buckshot,
was in the leg close to the groin. The
missiles made an ugly. Jagged hole, and
while not considered fatal In. Itself, was
at all "times dangerous, because of the
possible complications.
Farrell was treated at his home until
his condition began to become serious.
He waB seized with violent convul
sions and spasms Thursday. An opera
tion was performed as soon aa he was
sent to the hospital, but it had only tho
effect of prolonging life another twenty
four hours.
The body was removed to the morgue.
There this afternoon Annie Hollenbeck.
who claimed to be Farrell's wife, and
Mrs. A. Brockoff of 136 Henry street, San
Francisco, the dead man't sister, met.
"You must let me bury him," declared
Mrs. Hollenbeck.
"No, Annie; you are the cause of his
being on the slab," replied Mrs. Brockoff.
"We will bury my brother from our
home in San Francisco."
The women separated *.?lthout further
words. •
Farrell was a deputy poundmaster with
Nathan Hollenb«ck, who waa shot and
killed several years ago by a Chinese
gardener in Temeacal. After Hollenbeck's
death Farrell and the widow occupied the
house on Klrkham street where the shoot
ing occurred. • The couple quarreled ¦ and
they, agreed to separate. Mrs. Hollenbeck
was given the privilege of removing some
of the household furniture.
Her brothers, Edmund and Hector RU
vest, went to the house Friday after
noon and removed one load of the furni
ture. When they returned , Farrell wa»
there. Hector started In to get some
more stuff, when Farrell ordered them
out. In the Quarrel that followed about
r- ¦ . '.-¦¦¦:¦¦
Peter Farrell Succumbs to
Disease the Result of
Buckshot Wound.
DIES IN AGONY
FROM LOCKJAW
the Perfection of His Wire
less Telegraphy.
Fprial CaMe to The Call and New York Her
aW. Cojyrirht, 1?W. by the Herald Pub
lishing Ccrnrany.
LONTXIX. Nov. 4.— The Belgian packet
FtPanrr Princess Clementine, -while near-
Ing Dover pier on Saturday, exchanged
¦u<->r<1s with O*tr.nd across nearly fifty
miles of ?<--a. Mr. Marconi's instruments
tick"d of? mp?=j=np»»B to and from Belnrlum
with congratulations to King Leopold, to
th<» MiniFur of ItaiKays and the mail
packet department at Brussels. Tho
Princess Clementine was doing her twen
ty knots in the darkneps aixl the pa«-
FT.gers were peacefully pjeeping in their
bunks. The only connection between th^
thip and the shore «-if a wire hoop at
th« topmast- It was/a demonstration of
th«» perfection of the Marconi system of
wireless telegraphy. The preliminary Of
ficial trial by the Belgian state officials'
on Wednesday will be a formal approval
of the institution. The land instrument
ie at I-<a Panne, on the FVanko-Belgian
frontier thirty mlleg from Ostend.
At soon as the Princess Clementine left
Ostend Mr. Marconi, the operator. Hat
dov.n In a litlle deck cabin, from which a
¦wire runn to a hoop at the extended mast
head, and tapped a mpsfage to La Panne
as the boat ran along the coast to
La Parne. The vessel then crossed over
to Dover and the instrument merely
ticked on. Before Dover was reached re
plics had been received to the message
s*nt over the Fea. When the Belgian au
thorities h^ve formally approved of the
eyet»»m it will be extended to ail the other
H^lpian packets.
Marconi Gives a Demonstration of
SENDS MESSAGE ACROSS
FIFTY MILES OF SEA
Kilauea seems to be again getting active,
for on October 10 last there were four
shocks of earthquake, that made the
The bark Roderick Dhu brings the news
that the volcano on the Island of Hawaii
is likely to be in eruption at any time
now. In July last earthquake shockB
warned the people of Hilo that "some
thing was doing," and a few weeks later
Kilauea was on fire. The lava overflowed
the crater and ran down the mountain
side, at one time threatening destruction
to HIlo and all the surrounding villages.
townspeople leave their homes in a hurry.
"There were three rumbles, one Bucceed
lng the other at intervals of about an
hour," said Captain Johnson of the bark
Roderick Dhu yesterday. "Then, about 3
a. m., there came a shock that made us
all seek the open air. I am satisfied that
the volcano Is again in eruption and that
the next steamer will bring the news."
The Roderick Dhu brought up the fol
lowing named passengers: Mr. and Mrs.
McKlnnon and two daughters, Mrs. E. R.
Folsom, Mrs. Knowlton and baby, Mrs.
Larsen and W. H. Little. All of these
were shaken out of their beds ashore by
the earthquakes, and are glad to get away
from the land of "The House of Fire."
The clipper was twenty-one days get
ting here and Captain Johnson is dis
gusted. The Roderick Dhu is the fastest
of all the sugar fleet, and her master hates
to Bee other vessels passing him. It la
nearly a year ar.d a half sines the Roder
ick Dhu was docked, however, and barna
cles retard a ship's progress. The Rosa
mond is still cutslde. and last Thursday
she pased the Roderick Dhu as though
the latter were at anchor.
VOLCANO KILUE HAS PROBABLY GONE
INTO ACTIVE BUSINESS ONCE MORE
ALAMEDA. Nov. 4.— Alameda's
next big amusement affair, to
follow the recent event of the
ladles' minstrel company, will
be the annual vaudeville en
tertainment to be given in Armory Hall
on Friday evening, the 9th inst., under
the management of the Alameda Boating
Club. All former shows put on by the
local oarsmen have drawn Immense
crowds, and the«high class programmes
rendered have established a reputation
for the boating club in the entertainment
line that Is second to none In this city.
Already the sale of tickets has been large,
and before Friday evening it is expected
of his special skits. Arnold Grazer and
Helen Callaghan, who are soon to go on
the Orpheum circuit, will sing and dance.
Popular songs and fresh stories will be
"Bob" Mitchell'D contributions. The Kehr
leln brothers of the Olympic Club are to
fence, and there will be two. four-round
sparring matches by boxers from the
same club. An orchestra of ten pieces,
under the leadership of Miss Sadie Rice,
will furnish music.
The boatlnp club committee in charge ot
the vaudeville show consists of W. B.
Hinchman. Theodore Eisfeldt, Fred S.
Cone. Charles «H. Smith. George H. Miller
and John A. Hammersmith. The last
named, who Is the leader of the Olympic
Club in San Francisco, will be stage man
ager.
that standing room will be at a premium.
Among the executants on the prog
ramme Is Miss Maud Fay, a soprano of
exceptional promise. She has a voice of
remarkable purity and sweetness, with a
carrying- quality that Is always effective.
Miss Fay's splendid presence Is another
advantage, which has contributed much to
her success as a vocalist. George Ham
mersmith of this city, who has by his
clever work in specialties become" the
vogue among the cluba and In amateur
performances, will produce an original
travesty on "Sapho." Clinton R. Morse
and his Berkeley quartet, comprising
Ralph Phelps, Ray Judah. Arthur Nahl
and Ralph McCormick. will be heard.
Messrs. Nahl and McCormick are Ala
meda boys. Mr. Morse will give a series
8chlatt«r then dismissed tho subjects
from the etage, and with a remark that
he might possibly be seen at the hall
next Sunday night, but that as it was a
long way off and he mieht go somewhero
els« before then, he retired.
He invited all those who were sick to
Ftep upon the stage and he would deliver
the goods; but he scratched all those who
were lame or blind. One negro ascended
the Rtage, and was shortly followed by a
gentleman with a long white beard, who
said he Teas not sick, but "would like to
take a chance." Two ladles also sum
moned enouph courage to go up and bo
healed. The negro was barred because
he was lame and the rentleman received
a hfarty shake of the hand. He waa
asked afterward how he felt, and with a
knowing wink he said: "I feel quite well,
thank you." The ladies were more en
thusiastic, and eaid they felt much bet
tpr.
Schlatter "looked like money" when he
stepped upon the stage and made a stiff
bow to the audience. He commenced fRe
evening's entertainment with a long ad
dress about his being a "grand piece of
work," but the forty-seven members of
the audience began to get restless and
shuffle their feet, so with a few more
bouquets at himself he settled down to
business.
Forty-seven people paid a quarter of a
dollar last evening to see Schlatter in
his great act of "healing- the 5ick on the
platform." The affair was very tame,
and one disgruntled member of the
audience, on leaving Hoover Hall, where
the exhibition took place, remarked that
he did not get a run for his money.
Nigrht Was to a Very Light
House.
SCTCLATTEF PASSES BY
ATT. THOSE "WHO ARE ILAJIIE
His Exhibition at Hoover Hall Last
There have been some great election days
in the p««t. Moses stood before the camp and
a«ked, "Who Is on the Lord's side?" Joshua
sayn. "Choose this day whom you will serve."
and the roob before Pilate voted upon the ques
tion of the release of Jesus: Barabas von
in that election. The power of choice has been
the Judge of the gr»>at questions of life.
The vote defines the man, which Is to say,
makes htm a. responsible agent: elves him
volition, the power of choice and recognizes
him as a freeman. Cattle do not vote, be
caute they have no intelligent will. The
greatest gift God Rives to man is jfreedom of
choice. He is not a puppet, but a freeman,
capable of saying y«s and no.
We are approaching a national election and
the people are to vote for a President, for
principles and measures. It Is a picturesque
and dramatic proceeding, this national elec
tion. We, are reminded again that we are
the people, and the people are the govern
ment. The ballot is the plain man's weapon
and ever)' man's prerogative. In this «he*t
of paper is the spirit of American democracy.
I do not mean to tell you how to vote; that
is one thing the minister is not permitted to
do, but he can tell you to vote^ — to use the
ballot and seize the opportunity of being a
part of this great Government. A man may
I've in America and still not be a citizen. A
man is a citizen when he claim* his citizen
ship by the use of the ballot. The man who
does not vote has no business to nnd fault
with the results of this election. lie is only
"a. looker on in Venice."
The Rev. William Rader preached an
able sermon on the topic of "The Man and
the\ Vote" at the Third Congregational
Church last night. The preacher drew a
parallel between the ancient method of
decision by popular acclamation and the
modern system of voting by ballot. Con
tinuing, he said in part:
Social Conditions Wielded by
the Ballot.
Dr. Bader Speaks of the Influence oa
"THE MAN AND THE VOTE"
IS ONE PASTOR'S THEME
MISS MAUD FAY. THIS YOUNG LADY HAS A SPLENDID STAGE PRESENCE AND A BEAUTIFUL SOPRANO
VOICE. SHE WILL SIXG AT THE VAUDEVILLE SHOW TO BE GIVEN BY THE ALAMEDA BOATING
CLUB AT ARMORY HALL, NEXT FRIDAY NIGHT.
so to cultivate all his qualities that men
—and what is more — women may forget
He longs for power at all risks. He ac
cepts evil as his servant, says plainly
Richard invented by Shakespeare is born
into a land of blood and intrigue. The
:rown is the best thing in life. To attain
t women become mere pawns on a chess
board and men are of no moment when
they stand before It. Richard is con
scious of his mental strength and too
conscious of his physical deformity. He
is skilled in all the arts of his time, and
tils very uncouthness has determined him
The principal character In "Richard
III"— representing unbounded ambition—
is what the dramatic- critic calls a "star"
part, consequently Ihe drama which holds
it is better known to the general public
than others, like "Measure for Measure,"
which are much more characteristic of
the great master's genius. It is oftener
played and consequently better known
through the curtailed acting edition than
through the full text. It bas all Shakes
peare's early faults,, which were the
faults of that Elizabethan school of
which Marlowe was the chief. Professor
Dowden names It second in the croup
which shows Marlowe's influence. The
date of the composition of the play is put
about the year 1594.
An examination of any typical drama
by Marlowe^ — "Faustae" or "Tambur
laine" for Instance— will show the cha-
acterlstics which one easily dlscmrers" in
"Richard III." There is a central pas
sion and a central figure, and all other
characters and events are mere acces
sories of the prime passion and figure.
There is no development of character;
there Is much evil, undiminished by hu
man tenderness, small sympathy with
humanity, a profusion of grandiloquence
and little of that fear as to the probable
danger of bad actions which even the
greatest villains are subject to. Permit
me to recommend to the busy reader, for
the higher appreciation of Shakespeare
by comparison, "The Best Elizabethan
Plays," by William Roscoe Thayer. It
contains "The Jew of Malta," by Mar
lowo, which may well be read compara
tively with "The Merchant of Venice."
Shakespeare's "Richard III" follows,
historically, Sir Thomas More and Hol-
Inshed's "Chronicle." It does not do tho
real Richard justice. It would be as un
just to take without reserve the char
acter of Caesar as painted by Suetonius
as to assume that the gTeat Yorkist,
Richard, should be fairly presented by tho
Lancastrians, whose traditions Sir
Thomas adopted in eood faith. It is a
fallacy to imagine that Shakespeare's
"Historical Plays" are history in our
modern sense, or that they are to be
taken as such. They embodied tne tradi
tional view of historical characters taken
in England late in the sixteenth century.
And Shakespeare presented to his coun
trymen the episodes as he found them,
changing and elaborating as the theatri
cal demands of the time required. Facts
to him were material. His theater could
not afford the means of offering a splen
did pageant to the eye. He made up for It
by flooding' the ear with mellifluous
words. His historical plays stand apart;
as a rule they are not dramatic, they are
declamatory and rhetorical— "contests in
oratory," somebody has calleu them — in
which one or two SDeakers take alter
nately the front of the stage and try the
effect of blank verse upon the hearers.
The character of Richard of Gloucester
as depicted by Shakespeare does not
grow. From the beginning- of the play
we find him strong-willed, intellectual,
masterful in resources, looking at hu
manity as his tool. Those critics who wlil
insist on comparing one species with an
other rate "Richard III" unfairly when
they compare it to "Othello" or "Mac
beth." An artist must be Judged by the
object he wants to attain and the inten
tion of Shakespeare in "Richard III" is
evidently very different from what it is
In either "Othello" or "Macbeth." The
O God. whom this blood raad'rt. rerwac* his
death!
O earth, which this blood drink***, revenge his
death!
Either heaven with lightning strike th* mur
derer dead.
Or earth rape open wide and eat him quick.
A» thou dost swallow up this rood king's blood.
Which his hel!-gr>vern'(l arm hath butchered.
And later she cries out:
O wonderful wfaea derlls tell tit* trots.
Gloucester's retort Is:
More wonderful when anr^ts «ir» so angry.
And when she recounts his murderous
deeds, he answers:
Your beauty was the catwe of that affect;
Tour beauty which did haunt me In my s!e«p
To undertake the death of all the world.
He utterly despises Lady Anne after she
has yielded to his persuasions.
Was ever woman In this humour woo'd?
Was ever woman in this humour won?
I 11 have her, but I will not keep her long-.
What'. I. that klll'd hep husband and her
father.
To take her In her heart's extremest hat*.
He finds that he can be a lover, but
does not love.- He determines that Anno
shall be broken like the others who have
served him; he has that gift of proph
ecy that comes of perfect self-control.
He sees the end because he has no scru
ples, and he is as sure of himself a a
he is of the vulnerability of those who
stand in his way. He bears curses wflh
the air of a man who believes himself
superior to every decree of heaven. He
listens to the thunders of Margaret -wilh
a half smile and turns then upon her
with a quibble; In act 1, scene 3, she
cries:
Thou elfish-marked, abortive, mot In « hoc!
Thou that wast nealed in thy nativity
The slave of nature and tlie son of hell!
Thou rag of honor! thoti detested
Here the Duke calmly says:
Margaret.
The curse Is turned upon herself. The
murder of Clarence with the assassin's
climax, "Look behind you, my lord!" is
one of the really . dramatic passages of
the play. The introduction of the two
children of the murdered Clarence givine:
additional corroboration of Richard's
treachery Is marred by the revengeful
ness of the children. It is true to th<i
spirit of the time when revenge seemed
to be looked on as a duty of the individ
ual, sine* each man was for himself and
organized society was beginning to
emerge from chaos.
Anne, waked by his "timorous dreams."
for Richard only fears when he is
asleep or half asleep, knows now that he
hates her for her father. "Warwick.
But, as Richard's wife, she must be
crowned, f houph she knows that her hus
band means death to her. In act 4, scene
4, where the wretched Duchess of York,
mother of Richard, bereft by him of two
sons, and the utterly wretched Queens,
drawn together only by their mrrows —
which have not softened them — sit down
together, we have a dramatic culmination
entirely worthy of Shakespeare, Margaret
is implacable, and our sympathies aro
with the Duchess of York when she asks,
somewhat weary of Margaret's constant
curses:
Why should calamity b« foil of words?
To which Queen Elizabeth replies:
Windy attorneys to their silent woes.
Airy successors of intestate Joys,
Poor breathinar orators of miseries!
Let them have scope; thougrh what they do
Impart
Help not at an, yet do they ease th* heart.
Even after this debauch of curves Eliza
beth in a tremendous duel of words—
most musically set in Shakespeare's ca
dences—yields up her daughter, and Rich
ard cynicallv thinks:
Relenting; fool, and thallrvw. ehaagtnr woman!
Richard's worst enemy lies In his own
mind. He has killed all scruples; by day
light he is the all-compelling one: at
night sleep unnerves him. Ills conscience
breaks from his control; he is half asleep
when, after his fearful dream, he calls
out:
Have mercy. Jasat
I ihall despair.
He adds as the ghost dream passes:
There is no creature loves me;
And if I die no soul shall pity ma.
Say. wherefore should they, sine* that I my
self
Find tn myself bo pity for mrialt
The night wanes; he Is himself again:
the shadows frightened him; ten thou
sand soldiers cannot! He will guard
against real dangers:
Cone with m«;
Under our tents I'll play the eavesdropper.
To see if any mesa to shrink from me.
It ' was the way of the time; men
thought it no dishonor to desert a leader
at any moment. He Is clear-headed to
the end. To his Intimates he says, drop
ping all hypocrisy:
Conscience 'Is a word that cowards use.
Devised at first to keep the strong la aw«;
Our strong arms be our conscience, tworda our
law.
Bombastic, overrhetorical. undramatlc.
"Richard III" certainly Is. And yet It
is a truly great and artistic Interpreta
tion of a powerful human mind which
deliberately chooses evil, not aa its good,
but as the means of attaining: what it
deems to be its hiR-h«»st R-ood.
MAURICE FRANCIS EAGAN.
Catholic University of America.
CHILLY WTCATimit AT
THE PARK A2TD BEACB
Tess and Her Baby the Feature at
the Chutes— Contests at Sutro's
Baths.
The mnshlne of yesterday was a de-
lusion and a. snare, and out at the park
and beach the fog seemed turned to sleet
in th© chilling wind. The small crowds
that made their way early in the after
noon to the city's pleasure places soon
turned homeward and by 4 o'clock the
park wa3 practically deserted. No ac
cidents or Incidents were reported to tha
police during the day.
A large crowd, considering the weather,
assembled at the Chutes and enjoyed the
many features. Tess and her baby In the
Darwinian Temple are the features this
¦week and for the time being the Contfo
family is relegated to the background.
Many new attractions are on the bill
in the theater.
Notwithstanding the cold weather the '
tanks at Sutro's Baths were well patron
ized. Following are tho results of the
aquatic contests:
Fifty-yard da»h— H. Leicken. first: O. Sund
burR. second. Underwater «wlmm!nsr contest—
O. Rasmy, first; II. Lelcken. wcond. Divine
for plates— J. Johnson, first prize; P. Robert,
second; J. Jones, third. One hundred-yard
flash— 8. Clougb. first; D, Samuels, second.
Spring-board dlvlnsr — I*. Burdln. first; H.
Saunders, second. High diving— S. James, first
prise; S. Frank, second prize.
CYCLIST RUNS
INTO A BUGGY
Harley Noyes * Fractures
His Skull and Receives
Other Wounds.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 4.
While scorching on his wheel along the
San Leandro road this morning Harley
Noyes, who was to have' represented the
Capital City "Wheelmen In the California
Associated Cyclers' annual road race, ran
Into a buggy and was seriously If not
fatally Injured. Noyes now lies at the
Receiving Hospital with a fraoture of the
skull at the base of the brain, his right
ear nearly torn off and numerous bruises
about the body. The hospital physicians
are awaiting developments before oper
ating upon him.
Noyes, accompanied by John Posch, an
other cyclist, arrived from Sacramento
this morning at Fruitvale station and
started out on their wheels to inspect the
course for the ten-mile road race. After
going out on the county road for a. mile
or more they turned and started to come
back to the starting point at High street.
Posch was leading and Noyes was imme
diately behind him.
When the riders arrived opposite one of
the crossroads they met a buggy which
was being driven by an Italian. Without
warning the driver of the rig made a sud
den turn into, the crossroad. Posch just
got out of the way In time, but Noyes cRd
not see the buggy and ran directly into
it, striking the right rear wheel with great
force. The right side of his head struck
against the tire of the wheel and he fell
like a log. • He was picked up In an un
conscious condition by his companion and
several other cyclists who witnessed the
accident. .
The wounded man was placed aboard
the first electric car that came along and
was taken to Thirteenth and Washington
streets, whence he was removed in an am
bulance to the Receiving Hospital.
"Noyes must have had his head turned
the other way, judging from the way he
was struck," »aid the wounded cyclist's
companion. "He was close behind me and
we were going pretty fast. It was all I
could do to get out of the way of the man
in the buggy, and Noyes was so close to
me that he could not have seen his dan
ger. : We did not have any idea the Italian
was going, to turn into that road, or we
would have been prepared."
that he is "false and treacherous" and
prepares to make the devil serve him.
Like Autolycus, "As for the life to come,
he sleeps out tho thought of it." In spite
of his hideousness of mien, he persuades
Anne and Elizabeth into belief In him,
after he has done things almost too mon
strous for belief. There are sneers and
grins in his thoughts whenever he proves
humanity weak or foolish. And human
ity, whenever it comes in contact with
this arch-hypocrite, is impossibly weak
and foolish. It is true that Anne of War
wick married Richard after his party had
killed her father and her husband, the
Lancastrian Crown Prince, but not after
such an impossible wooing. It was a mat
ter of political arrangement. It is true
that the young Elizabeth of York wa*
sent to Richard's court and that he In
tended to marry her as' soon as Anne
should die. He promised the ambitious
young Elizabeth — who longed for a crown
— that Anne could not live beyond* Febru
ary 14S5. She did die at the age of 37, and
there were suspicions. Elizabeth, after
Bosworth, for reasons of state, married
Henry VII. Richard had intended her at
first for his son. who died; he was only
prevented from marrying her by the- pro
tests of his counselors. The wooing of
Lady Anne and the yielding of Queen
Elizabeth, under the circumstances of the
play, which confirm Richard's belief In
the weakness of women, are Inventions.
Richard was not looked on as entirely
responsible for the excesses of the Tork
lstn. There Is even a doubt as to h!s part
in the murder of the two young Princes.
For us the legitimate interest in "Rich
ard III" lies in its- psychological and lit
erary rather than in Us historical aspect.
We must admit that the character of
Richard does not develop; -that he shows
no signs of kindliness and only one touch
of self-pity:
There Ii no creature lores me, .
And If I die no soul will pity ran.
"We know, too, that he does not deceive
himself; he is honest in his own thoughts,
while to this world he Is a consummate
hypocrltfe. What, then Is the charm about
him? He is deformed, his observation has
convinced him that he cannot be a lover
he deliberately turns a fine mind to the
accomplishment of the most atrocious
wickedness: he is even mean. Why do we
tolerate him. then? "The woolngr of Lady
Anne by Richard." Professor Fumlvall
says in his remarkable preface to the
"Leopold Shakespeare." "has stirred me
to reading It aloud almost as much as
anything in Shakespeare." The truth is
Richard is not a monster: he is as human
as Milton's Satan, but never humane.
The women in the play— Queen Marga
ret, Lady Anne. Elizabeth, the Duchess of
York— are termagants. Least of all have
they any touch of that tender, pathetic
reticence that accompanies all Shakes
peare's best women. Anne rants with al
most the bombast of the Intolerable Mar
garet, her mothtr-ln-law. She exclaims:
PROMINENT FAMHJES
UNITED BY 3IARB.IAGE
E. Wlllard Burr, son of Mr. and Mrs.
C. C. Burr, and Miss Ada Belle Jewett.
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Phllo E>. Jew
ett, were married last Saturday evening.
Owing to the Illness of the bride's father
the 'wedding, which was held at the home
of her parents. 2443 Union street, wa* a
Sulet one. Tho Rev. Bradford Leavttt of
ie First Unitarian Church conducted the
marriage ceremony, which wa3 witnessed
by only the relatives and a few of the
most Intimate friends of both families. It
was a pink wedding, with unique decora
tions In rare pinks, flmtlax. bamboo and
maidenhair ferns. The decorations were
under the direction of Mrs. Judd.
The> maid of honor waa Miss Mary 1*.
Farnham, cousin of the bride. The brides
maids w«re Miss Helen K.Jewett and Miss
Ethel A. Greene. The best man was Wil
liam Faull. and the ushers were Robert
H. Collins. A- C. Lawson. Lathrop "W.
Jewett and Carlton W. Greene.
The bride Is a graduate of Mls9 "West's
school of this city. Her father was one
of the early founders of Bakersfleld. Th©
groom la superintendent of tho Alvarado
Sugar "Works, and waa formerly a prom
inent, university man. He is a grandson
of the late Hon. E. W. Burr, formerly
Mayor of San Francisco, and lonf prom
inent In banking circles.
CRITICAL STUDY OF "RICHARD III."
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
Siontee has displayed no suicidal mania nor
has he shown any desire to harm any one since
being at the institution. At different tiroes,
however, when things do not go as he thinks
fuey should he butts his h*ad against the floor
and walU. These arts are attributed to ine
fact that he has no Intellect and docs not know
any better. His case is a remarkable one and
It will take time and the stud}- of physicians
to comprehend It fully. At present the child
is undergoing no special treatment.
There ts hardly any hope as to further proper
development of the lad's mind. There may be
some change when Montee grows elder, but
this is hardly possible. He !s in the hands of
experienced attendants and Is friven every care
possible. This is what he BMdl ar.d he is not
v<ry troublesome. His speech is Just the sams
as when he was admitted to th» asylum, Just
a rumbling pound, ard thfre 1? no hiipe of his
ever belnr able to talk. The lad can compre
hend an idea when told to pet something if
the same ie pointed out to him.
NAPA, Nov. S. — Just one month aso to-day
Montee Ledderhos of San Francisco, a four
year-cld boy. was received at the Napa. State
Hofpltal for the Insane. He was comrnUtrd to
this institution on account of a homicidal
mania that was displayed In his disposition
and the belief thai an asylum was the proper
place fcr him. Since Mnntee's arrival at the
Napa institution he has attracted the atten
tion of physicians nnd attendants hen?. The.
lift!* fellow wan placed In the receiving ward
in the female part of the institution ar.d is
getting Hlongr nicely. He is m Dr. Dczier's
cere, and that physician says that the little
fellow Is not a mar.'tae. as has previously been
reported :n the prese. hut a degenerate, hav-
JriB been born imperfect.
The condition cf the lad has not im
proved any, as the following dispatch
shows:
The death of Mrs. Ledderhcs was a
| particularly sad one. She was the mother
j of Montee Ledderhos, the four-year-o.-l
! maniac who was sent to the asylum at
: Napa a short time agt>. During his entire
life the child was a source of trouble
and anxiety to the loving mother, ana
she finally broke down under the strain.
j At the time of his commitment to tho
I asylum she was an inmate of St. Winlr
I fr^d's Hospital. Her condition at that
; time was such that the news was with
| held from her. She gained in strength
' and at a fitting time was toid of the fate
! of her boy. The shock was too much aad
I 6he suffered a relapse, from which sho
! never recovered.
Following the stricken husband and
motherless children came the brothers
and sisters of the deceased, weeping- bit
ter t<»ars. The eyes of the friends at
tending the funeral, moistened at the sad
sight, and many a tear was wiped away
furtively by strong men. At the house
the funeral service of the Companions
of the Forest was read. From the deso
late home the funeral cortege wended its
way to St_ Boniface's Church, where- the
funeral service of the Catholic Church
was r«ad. From there the funeral pio-
CGeded to Calvary Cemetery, where tho
last sad rites were performed. Tho many
beautiful floral pieces sent by sympathetic
friends coverwi the freshly made mound.
Literally covered with flowers was the
casket that was carried ytPr^rday from
the home of Theodore Ledderhos at 6
Golden p'.ace. The renjains within the
coffin were those of a loving wife and
mother, and the sorrowful 'mien of the
epectators as the remains were reveren
tially placed in the hearse was mute tes
timony of the sympathy l'clt by them.
Beautiful Floral Pieces Cover Casket
Containing All That Is Mortal
of a Heartbroken
Mother.
..--¦¦ -.-•"¦¦
Sorrowful Scenes Witnessed
at the Funeral of Mrs.
Ledderhos.
STRICKEN WOMAN
NOW AT REST
Fcr my part, whatever may be the result
Ot the Presidential election. I have an abid
lnp fa'.th in the perpetuity of our republic.
I have an unbounded confidence In the good.
st.sp end jietriotism of the American people.
Tbey love the constftution. They cherish our
political and civic Institutions. They revere
the fathers of the country- The illustrious
founders of the nation, though they be dead,
still live by their writings and example. Their
lirht rriV. «h;t!<>* upon us. their voice is still
heard in the ;ar.d.
Vote then on Tuesday for the candidate of
your choice. And ap you are guided by your
conscientious Judgment in the selection of your
candidate you should give to your neighbor
wlio differs from you due credit for being actu
ated by the like honorable motives. Po not
Jma«rlne that the country will go to perdition
If your favorite is defeated, and let not your
opponent indulge In the pessimistic notion that
w* shall witness a revolution and & social up
l;eavcj if his candidate is not elected.
No citizen should be a drone in the social
fcive. No mar. should be an indifferent spec
tatrr cf the political and civic events which
Ere oc-urrir.g around him. A« we are all
equally jrrctected in our person ar.d property
by the PTronp arm ci the Government we should
take a personal, loyal and vital Interest In the
r.rtion's welfare. The more intelligent and
Influential y^u are the greater should be your
concern in public affairs, for if cultivated and
vlrtuou" men withdraw from all participation
in natior-al or State or municipal elections
the govermer.t of the commonwealth will b»
left in the hands of incompetents aad deroi.
g-^rues.
As there are two candidates in the field, bo
t:.cre are two gr*at parties in the country—
th" Republican and the D»m»cratle parties.
The existence of parties Is not on!y useful, r»ut
even essential in a popular and enlightened
Government like ours. Where there are no
rattles, or where cr.e party is too weak and
ir.6:pn:ficant to present a formidable barrier
to the other, the dominant party will revel in
power ar.3 is liable to run to excess. But
wijrre hoth parties are almost equally divided,
as is the case with us, one party will watch
th» other, it w;;i hold up to public criticism
ar.d cendemnatfon the Fhortcomlnga and offi
cial misdemeanors of the ruling power. It
ill compel the dominant party to mend its
ways or ft will seek redrefs by driving its
3*eders from office in a coming election.
On next Tupscay an election will be held
throughout the I'nited Plates for the higheM
orfice In the irift of the people. There are two
cardMares for the Presidency. Mr. McKinley
•nd Mr. Bryan. Of course, only one caidl
dat? will be succeppfiM I earnestly hop* that
the result of the election will bo so decisive as
to leave no room for doubt, or cavil, or con
tention, ruch as happened when Tilden and
Hayes were candidates in IS7S.
'I'lt-mr.ctr :*T.rts enchantment to the scene. "
V hi!* travfl;ns through the Tyrol, in 1SS0. I
had a natural deulre to ascertain who wa«
Dominated for the rrrsldency : but in that coun
try nfw? tra\<'ls very slowly. On reaching
Innspruek 1 learned that Mr. Garfleld had re
c»-ive«l the Republican nomination, and I get
rr.y Information from an American student
burled In the cloisters of a seminary, and to
whem the outside world wee arrsrently dead.
How re got his inforrr.stlen I never filseov
«r*4. ar.d I care pay hip professors were equally
Ifl -.he cark. Put I <io know that the news was
ci! red.
The tnrerf^t whlcu an American feels in a
I*ret;:der.lial election or ar.y ether Important
<!<-mi*s'..ie event is inter.slJteS when be is abroad.
Next to God. our country should hold the
rtrotige*; place In our affections. When w«
r<rffect en th* inestimable blessings we enjoy
unfl»r c*jr eyptem of government, when we con
«idw the civil freedom which is shared by
*"U* oitls^n. and the liberty we possess of
•worshiping the God of our fathers without let
or hlnarsmce. when we ccnslaer the protection
wftBflllS espionage which surrounds our person
and property, when we reflect en our unparal
leled material promerity and the facilities
wfcloh are accorded t? even' induatrioub man
t<-> earn a cosipetencc. ar.d that no citizen is
debarred by the constitution from competing
fcr poeitione of the highest rack— when we re
fleet ca all this it should be our delight as well
a* our duty to do cJl In our power to perpet
uate cur political inMirutione and to avert any
cr.r.rrr that rr.ey threa'fn to ascail them.
T'erhar* it i* only when an American travels
•bread that he fullj- realizes how deep-rooted
it- hi? love for his native land. Let a citizen
from M=.lne meet a citizen from California on
the bank* of the Tiber, or on the shore* of the
Boerherus. they will at once forget that at
home they live SOW) rr.'.ler t?art; all State Maei,
arc obliterated, party differences are laid aside,
rellcioua «ir.!niot".ties <lf ar.y r.ad existed) ar«
extinguished. They will warmly clasp hands
and will remember only that «hey are Arc*ri
<H.n citizen*- and children of the same mother.
FAlvmrORE. lid., Nov. 4.-Cardinal
C'.bbons took occasion at high mass to
cty to say a few words on the- subject of
Um coming: election in his regular month
:>• sermon to hla congregation at the ca
thedral. The Cardinal never takes any
active part In politics, rarely if ever cast
ing his ballot, but to those who are fortu
nate enough to be in his confidence he
cor P not hesitate to express himself freely
upon the issues involved In the present
contest. He lakes the position that thera
need be r:o alarm on the part of any one
over the result of the coming election and
asserts that there is nothing in the situ
ation to warrant the belief that the elec
tion of either candidate will In any wise
seriously affect the future welfare ar«i
proepemy cf the American republic. He
eaid in part:
Urg'es His Ccngre gation to Vote and
Says Tkat "Whichever Candidate
Wins No Disaster Will Re
sult to the Country.
Cardinal Gibbons Speaks
Anent the Forthcoming
Elections.
HAS FAITH IN
THE REPUBLIC
ganization Proves a Highly
Successful Affair.
The South End Rowing Club enter
tained over a thousand of its friends at
its regular annual high jinks yesterday
afternoon in the clubhouse, at the foot of
Third street. The affair proved to be
highly successful, replete as it was with
vocal and instrumental numbers by well
known amateurs. Refreshments were
served in unlimited quantities and the oc
casion served as an opportunity for a
number of political candidates to meet in
an exchange of pleasantries. The pro
ceedings were opened • with a graceful
speech by Timothy I. FItzpatrick, presi
dent of the club and candidate for Justice
of the Peace, who then turned over the
active management of the entertainment
to William Humphreys.
Julius Kahn and Porter Ashe told some
funny stories, and Judge William P. L,aw
lor. Steve Costello. Thomas Graham,
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan. Thomas F.
Dunn, Percy Long and James Murphy
made speeches that were entertaining.
Songs were rendered- by the Columbia
Quartet— Captain Leale. William Hess.
Keaver and Parker. Tom Gllfeather and
"Doc" Flynn appeared in a furious four
round boxing contest.. W. T. Rosetti, Jo
seph Hanson, Kelly and Marlow and nu
merous others helped out. The commit
tees haying the affair In charge were:
Arrangements"— Edward Scully, Harry • M.
Kelly, Thomas Grennan. . William Mead,
George McOrill, James Pallas. Judge Frltx.
Reception— William • Humphreys, t. I. FItz
patrick, Charles Crelghton, 8teva Costello. Jo
teph O'Connor. Edward Barry. Edward Short
all, Alex McCulIough. John McOulre. Harry
Mulcrevy, James Feehan, Ed Pallas, .John Bo
gan, Thomas F. Dunn. John Williams. John
O'Oara, John , Humphreys, John J. McCarthy
and J.J. Lennen. .-.-•¦ .
AnnualHigh Jinks of Popular Or-
SOUTH END ROWING CLTTB
ENTERTAINS ITS FRIENDS
Farrell failed to heed Rlvest'B warning
to keep away and aa the poundman
rushed upon him fired, and the charge
lodged in Farrell's leg:.
Policeman Cockerton was a witness to
the shooting. Edmund Rlvest was ar
rested and charged with assault to mur
der. Hector was charged with assault
with a deadly weapon. Both men are now
In 4 the City Prison. The result of the
Coroner's Inquest, the time for which has
not yet been fixed, will determine the
future action of the authorities so far as
the Rivests are concerned. They both
claim that the Bhootlng was done In self
defense. Farrell was 35 years old. Ho
was with Hollenbeck when the latter was
killed. The Chinese claimed that they
were robbing his cornfield.
the removal of a etove Hector drew a
knife and Farrell threw him Into tha
street. Edmund cama to his brother's
support with a shotg-un. which he had
concealed In the wagon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1900.
Well-Known Specialty Artists on Both Sides of
the Bay Are to Be Among Talent.
ANNUAL VAUDEVILLE SHOW
OF ALAMEDA BOATING CLUB
vn.
c
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
J. B. BOOTH AS RICHARD m.
9
Serve hot and you will discover that
the meat has acquired a most savory fla-
vor from the Grape-Nuts and at the same
time it na* been rendered easily digestible
and the elements in the Grape-Nut« fur-
nish most valuable nourishment for ath-
letes as well as invalids.
Grocers etll Gr»i>e-Nut*.
Put a little piece of butter on top of
each patty If they tend to become dry,
but do not use enough to make greasy.
Now thcrnuR'nly mix meat and all Into
a ha5h, form into pattie; like sausages
and place in a hot skillet with only
enough butter on bottom to prevent stick-
jng. Plaf«* cover over the skillet and cook
until done.
gslt and pepper to taste."
Chop berf, mutton or pork Into a hash.
Take a quantity of Orape-Nuts equal to
half the amount of m«>at. Mix into the
Grap*>-Nuts a raw egg and what milk Jt
will take up.
¦With a New and Savory Flavor.
A FAMOUS DISH.
GRAPE-NUTS.
*
When a man looks in a mirror he knows
how it is himself.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1900.
10
SAX F-RAKCISCO CALU ¦ .
BUEHCEFS OFFICE of The Pan rrandsco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until ii o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFF1CES-U7 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open ur.tll f :80 p. m.
300 })«->«¦- ctr«et; opes until f:30 p. in.
6X? McAllister street; open until *:30 p. nv.
CIS Larkln etreet; open until »*0 p. m.
l?4l M;«s1on etreet: open until 10 p. m.
12<tl Mfcrket street, career Sixteenth: crf»e»
crtll t p. m.
10C Eleventh street; open uctll » p. m.
1C*« Valencia ftreet; cpen until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky »trs»ts; cpen until t p. m.
3IEETIXO *OTICES^
AAJ* FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal
Arch ilfct :.-. meets THIS EVES IN Q. xlX
RuFlnees and R. A. degre-e^ / V >
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A- _¦ .
ML— THIS (MO.MiAT) EVENING, at J^_
at 7:S0 o'clock. Stated meetlna-. >&__K
WALTER O. ANDEitSON. Seo. t^r y
HERMANN Lodge No. 1T7. F. and A. M. '»
—Stated meeting THIS DAT <MON- JV
DAI"), November &. UOOb a' « :S& P- o^jJU?
By order of the W. M. r^p\
L. SCITL'MACHrR, Secretary.
PACIFIC Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society— The members of this society are
hereby notified that the annual election of
trustees taies place on MONDAY. November
t. IMC. at the office cf Davis. Belau A Co..
115 Bush at. Poils open from 11 a. m. to t
p. m. By ordsr
LEO ELOESSER. Secretary.
ATTENTION. Master Bakers— A epeclal open
meeting of the Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation will t* held at Turner Hall. £23 Turk
et. on WEDNESDAY, Nov. 7. 1800. at ! p. m.
All master bakers of the city and county of
fan Francisco are urgently requested to at-
tend.
MASTER BAKERS" PROTECT1 V hi ASSN.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF TUB
t>AN FRANCISCO DRT DOCK COMPANY is
hereby glv*-n that, in pursuance of a resolu-
tion cf the Board of I'lrectors of caid com-
j.any. unanimously adopted at a meeting of
raid board, held at the office of the com-
pany. In the city and county cf Eon Francieoo.
£tate of California, on the Zllii day of Octo-
ber. 1M0, a meeting of the stockholders of th«
6an Francisco Dry E*>ck Company will be
hel4 at the office of the company, number SOJ
California street. San Francisco. California
<the hh» being the princlpai place of busi-
ness of said corporation and the building
where the Board cf Directors usually meet),
on Tuesday, the «th Cay ct January, 1&0L at
the hour cf 10 o'clock a. m.. for the purpoee
of conelderlnr and acting upon the proposi-
tion to create a bonded Indebtedness of eald
corporation to the amount In the aggregate of
five hundred thousand (tSCO.OOO) dollars,
T'nited Btatea gold coin, for ths purpose of
raising funds to b» used In building and
e-qulrplr.g a new drydock, and for other legltl-
tr.ata and r.eceeFary purpoeea of the corpora- I
tlon, euch bonded Indebtedness to beaecured |
by a mortgfcge cr c>ed of trust upon* all the j
property cow pwned by eald corporation, or |
which It may fcereafter accuire.
Er order ct tha Board or Directors.
W. F. RCSBELL.
ftecretary of Ban Francisco Dry Dock Cosb-
pq^r-
AJOTX'AL rr«ef.r.g— The regular tr.r.atl meeting
of tie stockholder* of tht Honolulu Planta-
tion Corrrory win be held at the office of
the company. No. STT il&rkst atreet, San
Fructeoc. California, on MONDAT. the 19th I
£e.T cf November. J»00. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board or directors to serve for the ansulttf
year, ocd the transaction of auch ether busi-
ness mm cir oorae before tt:e meeting. Trans-
fer bocka will cloee on Thursday, November (
E. 1900, at 1 o'dock p. ci.
E. H. BHELDON. Secretary.
A-NTCUAl. meeting- — Tht regular annual meeting
of the Btork-hoiaers of th« Honolulu Sugar
Comracy wl'.l be he!d at the offioe of the coro-
rar.r. No. 227 Market street, San Francisco,
Ca'.lfornJa. on MONDAY, the Uth day of No-
vember, lity*. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpoe* of electing a beard of direc-
tors to perve for the er.sulcg year, and the
transaction cf eueh ether business as ma/
come before the rre*tlrtg. Transfer booka
¦wl'.l close en Thursday. Ncrrember 6, »00. at
f o'clock 9. in.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALL can borrow money en »i;ks. oil palrtiags
• nd bugries from <*OLLATERAL BANK. 15
<Jr»nt ave.. r.ear Merket et. :
ASPHALTUM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, osphsJt roofing, rldewalk*: cellar
r.oors lsld. r-pair<»d: p^tsl- HSC Mission »t.
ASTROLOGY.
pr.OT. PEARS ALL. icm. Market st. ; rtaul'.nps.
future ev< ::;«., QUestiOKa; horoso^>pes ; {1 up.
MME. HICKET— Aetrolopist; horosccpes, ,5c;
card Mi-;r.i- end peJrnletry, *•' \ 1933 Mission.
DR. C. TOUSET TATLOR, ScienUflo Aetrolo-
_r?r — Free eery 'The New Moo?V "&> Market.
ATTOUXEVS AT LAW.
R. W. KINO, attorney at law, «7 Maricet St..
rocm €27 — Eetates. dan^ages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; ralr fees;
no advance charges; money leaned on evtatts.
ADVICE Zr*«; dlvoro« law a epedaity; private;
no fee without euccess^ collections. G. W.
HOWE, etty at law, 550 Market, ccr. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRHTT. Hear*t bldr.. Ttttrd and
Market rts. : phone Red t2C2.
FREE odvtoe; dlvoroe la'ws, damages, estates.
oollectlont. J. A. Mitchell, S14 Montgomery.
ADVICE fr»e; no charge unless successful. W..
V-'. Davidson, t" Market ct.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLmCKK, Emma Epreckels bldg., «27 Mar-
k*t tt. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BA'I'll CABI.VETS.
StOBOffBOT'f Xlafrara, Perfection and others.
\C. B. BROWN CO.. agency, 426 ElUs St., S.F.
BLSIMiM* CUA.\CES.
JL— »4'0; CORXHR ¦aloon on Keomr at., estobL
easy yean; must sell to-day; come end make
an cSer. R. Q. V.ILKH, ii-_ Kearny Et.
A. — CT50— COFFEE saloon, oyrter and chop house;
dose to Alcazar Theater; rent (75; a first
elass paying" tutLwe. elckress compels
cwner to eacrlflo*. &«e R. G. v» JLKE, 2C_
K«amy rt.
A^-CU0O; ealooc on Market rt. ; rent {75. Includ-
ing 11 fumlshad rooms; dally receipts about
tie; mercantile lunch; leas*; first-clans pay-
ing proposition. Particulars R, G. 'WILKE,
it~% Kearny it.
A— JJSC; SALOON, estab. many years, on Fourth
••., rent tit; S Uving rooms; place located
close to factories wbort ISO men employed;
a splendid chance and bargain. Particular*
R. O. W1LKE. an>. Kearny st.
A tilt); RESTALTIANT on Market st.: rent
ttt : a rood-paying place; sickness of wife.
coTr.p*> owner to sell. See R. a. WILKE,
WH Kearny rt.
A— U000; LEADING ealoon: located between
wholesale houses, Inruranee and mercantils
offices; place e?tab!t«hed 40 years: known as
cne of th* best whisky bars In this city. Call
R. O. WILKE. TEH Kearny rt.
A-KZ»; SALOON and boarding-house with 10
furnished rootna on water front; rent J40; 2
y<ears' 1««j>«: a rood business. See R. G.
T11LKE. MH Kearny et.
A— TX0; CORNER naloon in wholesale district:
place estab. years; good paying; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 2C\4 Kearny st.
A— J"K>; CIOAR store with 4 rocois; rent SIS;
place clearing J7S per month. R. Q. WILKE.
tCV. Kearny st.
A— «:«>; BRANCH bakery, delicacy, candy: S
rootns. J210 — Clear store: rood locution; fln«
bUKinesa. $350 — Half Interest In fine office
business. |6C0— Fine corner saloon; paying
well. All butln*f»*er LANE A CO.. J« r , Mkt.
MW-CHJCKEN buslne-s: 400 chickens; tools;
horse: 2 wagons; rent J12 rno. Baslle. S Eddy.
I100C— SALOON: near Market: central: fuii
value stock; cause sickness. EABILE. S Eddy.
GROCERY and bar !n gr>od location; stock In
«lpht for full purchOF* prtce. W. L HAR-
PER. 397 Parrott building.
WANTET>-Cnoj>hoUBe or ec2*e saloon; whole-
aaJe district or near ferry. Add, boi ft. Call.
RETAIL butter and ecg rout- for sale; »300.
Box 6S. Call office.
BARGAIN— Bus'.neaa and furniture of flrft-
elasa family ard trar.«lent hotel on California
St.. clearin«r upward J4W month, for »ole; good
location. Call after 10. o'clock at 1607 Polk
et. ; only responsible parties need apply.
WANTED— A lady would like to meet som«
good woman who would be willing to Invest
about J10C0 In a rood-paying country hotel;
»atlsfar-t!on g-uarante«*d. Fur particular* ad-
<!i«88 box 84, Call office. v ; ; .
A GOOD opening for tea right man to securt
working interest In on established whole*a!<
business; J3000 to tMOO re<juir*d; must hav<
Al n-fercnces. Box 4». Coll ofAo--.
IIAIJ" interest In restaurant and coffee-house,
41 J Market st. ; grand offer for right man
serving 500 for lunch; small rent: everythinj
new; trial allowed for Investigation.
FOR «Ue— Laundry route; established for 1!
years; paying commission of 5C to $50 pet
week, boat M. Call office.
RHSTAURAJCT dolnc good business; well lo-
cated ; bargain. Apply SSI Hayes at. . * -
>- SNAP
Chrp house. S» Eighth at.
GROCERT and ealoon; at firweent occupied
rent reasonable. Apply ISOO Twenty-second.
FOR BALE— S-chair barber ehop, lndudlni
botha. Box 12. Coll office. - -
ZNEIDE route on thia paper for ssJe. Applj
CALL bttrtoesa of&oa.
j ntrsixEss chajtces — continued.
I A--BUTCHER shop; best corner location In
city. COWING A CO., 71» Market st.
A — CANDY and Ice cream, cigars and notion
store. COWING & CO.. 719 Market «t.
A— DELICACY and homo restaurant; fine busi-
neas. COWING It CO.. 718 Market at.
A— ROOMING house, south Market. 14 rooms;
snap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at.
A— BAKERY, candy, school books, notions; bar-
gain ; cheap rent. COWING. 71» Market at.,,
A— COAL, wood and grain business; fine loca-
tlon; tnap. COWING A CO.. 71» Market st.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE; fine location; bargain
thle day. Se« COWING A CO.. 71? Market tt.
A— SHOE rtore; good location; clears J50O to $S00
mo.: bargain. COWING A CO.. 713 Market at.
A— GROCERY and bar; best ever offered for
sale. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at.
A— BALOON downtown: money maker: come
quick. COWING A CO.. 719 Market at.
A— SODA water business for one-half, its value;
sickness. COWING A CO.. 719 Market at.
A— RESTAURANT In best part of city; must
be sold this day. COWING. 719 Market at.
A^-BAKERT; clearing JSOO per month: snap.
COWING A CO., 719 Market at. •
flO.WO-SOUND investment; one of the best-
I paying merchandise businesses in Oakland,
established for years; *afe and profitable in-
vestment; half cash, balance In property. K.
! E. DUNCE. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
i FINE large stort to let on O'Farrell st.. near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap reat.
Apply at 15 Grant are.
RARE business chance: day saloon: rent cheap;
no agenta. gOO Clay; wholesale district.
CI*A5EIFIED advertisements »nd subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2100 Flllmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
M. GRIFFIN, 7J» Market at., r. 1. Free list of
611 houses; abftra-ot free; money to loan.
| 7-room flat; new; o'.ectrlc light $3J5
I 8 rooms; sunny side; low rent j^o
I 10 rooms; rent S33; clears $25 month o50
14 rooms; r»r.t J40; always full -50
15 room*; rent JGO; clears JS5 month COB
I 23 rooms; transient: new; leaving city 1M0
j £4 rooms: income $290; 4 blocks n. Market.. 1400
i 26 rooms; corner; fine apartments; no work. l«50
77 rooms; rent $55; on Mkt. et.; all sunny. 1000
I 30 room*: all men; clears $107 month 1700
: 40 rooms; rent $150; bon ton: the finest 43W
i 45 rooms; rent $1KO: Income $400 month 4000
¦ 4S rooms; Sne corner apartments 8500
i C3 rooms; rent J160; 2 blocks of Market.... 2000
| 75 rooms; center of city; money coiner — 4300
' BUYERS of lodging houses will find large list;
! fine bargains in lodging houses. Samples:
i 102- rooms; rent $64; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $S4; prtce $400.
! 44 rooms; rent $2D0; fine corner; clears $300 a
! month: price $4000.
We loan monev to buvers at 1X4 per cent.
! 8CHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. be-
I tween Fifth and Blith. Phone Mint 191L
I R. H. WINSTON A CO.. 102« Market at.
18 rooms; rent 130: only $459
$$ rooms; rent $50; for «S0
€5 rooms; must sell; only 1101
U rooms; corner; reduced to tOO
12 ROOM bouse; Golden Gate ave.. ...... ...$£33
l-room house; Howard at Sro
10-room bouse: Post st M)
11-room house: Van Ness ave 8C0
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Eddrst.
l A — a-ROOM rooming hous«; central $1000
J?-room house; first-class 1051
11-room hou*e; $475: 6-roora flat. .A 325
19-room house: Efldy; rent $75: only S00
FISnER A CO.. 1032 Market st.
LODGINO-HOTJSE. It room*; a bargain; sis
count sickness; good paying. 1182 Mission.
t ROOMING hou*e of IT rooms on account of
: slckness; cheap. 130A Eddy ft. '
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOX9.
i ALL klnc> cf wajrori, burries. carte, harness.
! etc.. cheap. EOAX & PON", ?117 Mission st.
i AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
! camping wagon, for sale cheap. E35 Mission.
I NEW & 2d-hand neons, buprlpo. carts & har-
I r.* 1 *!". work & driving hordes. I5tb & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
AJIRIVHD — Mm. Dr. Famham, world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a ej.ecJalty; clrs.Sun.,Wed..Frl.
«-v'«; come and be convinced. (Permanently;
M3 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
j MRS. LESTER. E21 Turk St.; circles Bun'.. [
Tues., Kri., 8 p. m. ; dev. cir. Wed. eve, 25o.
' MME. MAJORS, cm«d ep'.rltual medium,
j healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
I MUS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busl-
I ness medium. Hie reader: sittings <L 1104 Mkt.
I EmVARD EARLE. psychic 128 Powell et-;
hours, 8 to 5;- Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
CONSULT Watson. 15S1 Mkt.. nr. 12th; famous
medium and palmist; advice infallible; 25c up.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S25 McAllister— Jtfrs. C. J.
j Meyer. Elttinp«; convincing tests to-nlKht; 10c.
I -,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant A card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies Mo.
gents Si; pa'.m and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk,
REMOVED — The gxeat Inspirational card read-
er; price 2oc and 60c; hours 10 a. m. till • p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN, 228 Fulton st.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
! given In all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; Z&C up. 17 Third et.. next Examiner.
I MRS. E. SANDERS, 614 Taylor st, near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladiee' circle Thurs., 2 p. m.; Frl.. 8; dr., 25c.
Ifc-MAK. the Eryptlan gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
<th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
LINCOLN, occult student and clairvoyant; the
wonder of the age; consult him; you will
never r-frret tt- Parlors 125 Turk st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader End
palmistry; truth or no pay: 23c. 1149 Mission.
MME HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future, 25c 143 Eixth St.. room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 42S Golden Gate ave.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 2&o up. S2> Mission St.. nr. 4th: ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known cla!rvoyant,wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. VALEEN, olalr., card reader, palmist;
lucky charms. 25c up. 215 Leavenworth st.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
lat and card reader; 2oc and 60c. 7 Seventh.
MME. 6CHAJTER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie at.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: nam.es given; 25o up. 6 Fourth st.
CARI'E'r JUEATIMJ AXD CLEAMXU.
STANDARD. S13 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents cleaned,
So yd.: laying a specialty. Phono Mlislon 106.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIKG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ins Works, 3C!t-S.'7 Tehama si.; tel. South 40.
| CARPETB cleaned at 8c per yard, laid at 8c.
STRATTON'8, Z Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
?atlng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Bteam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
6TEVEN8. idit.. ES-40 Sth St.; tel South 2S0.
: I ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanlnjr Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
, j t»l. Main tS4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
'. ! CONKLIN*8 Carpet-Beating Works, 33$ GoUsn
I Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
j CiHI^lOPOIJISTS^^
I BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
I painless; con«ult'nfre». Dr. Duncan, 415 Sntter.
[ j COLLECTION OFFICES.
| GEORGE W. KELLT'S Agency— No charge un-
| lea t successful. Room 310, 027 Market st.
A.T the inixrrm^EN^r : AL~CTll*NIc£ YOT~Mar^
ket et., cor-, 4th, rm. 7, flood bldg., you can
; have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
[ J3 Mt up; plat«-s, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
. flee hours. 9 a. m. to 1<> j>. m. ; Sundays. 8 to 2
" _P- m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
' ¦ EIGHT priies for beat crowns,, plates, bridges
" i and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
• | detful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
' I r*rlence; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
• _? R "^. EOnaE W ' LEEK « w O'Farrell si.
1 A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
' j warranted for 20 years; crowns and brldge-
• . work: teeth without a plate; flllrnsrs, too:
S crowns, S3 CO; plates, full tel, 15 W); all work
' 1 painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
'. lors. 24 Sixth Bt . ¦
I I "MAIN Office" New Tork Dental Parlors. 1013
j Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
| us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
' ! positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. I44S Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates • are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from ti per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
• SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
l?4l Polk st
; PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. eor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. H; crowps, W; fillings. 25a
t LOWEST prices In S. F.; palnleoa extraction.
COc. New York Dentists. S69 Mission, cor, tth.
r VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market at., corner Blxth.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD"8 dog hospital, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine, 76c; city visits. $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. TeL West 636.
UKESSMAKERS AMD SEAMSTItESaUBS
FaTrFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amine work; send for circular. 1228 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Poet, overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private clagg; patterns cut. 1019 Market at.
8 F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French erstem. 411 Van Nees.
LADIES' skirts repaired and rebound, 85e up.
Apply at 804 Larkin St.. upstairs.
'• EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Pamrtt Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and beokkeeplng; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post at.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80- i r>age catalogue free.
A— THE LTCEUM. and accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn In a limited time, take private leesona
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 68. TJiurlow block. '124 Kearny st.
AYRES' Business College, 753 Market at.: day
and evening; individual Instruction, IS per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
ahortliond. telegraphy, eto.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Taxr, 220 Parrott bldg
he would not; be wise. '
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. S02 Montgy.
ALL studrnts but two taking full course this
year (rot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
neps COLIjEGE. U3« Market at. '
ENGINEERING, civil, el ee., mlnlng.mech.,«ur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. : eet. ISM.
VAN PER NA1LLEN SCHOOL. 835 Market.
KENT Law School. 74S McAllister at.; day and
night: Latin taught free; phone JesMe 11664.
SPANISH. French. German, ainglng, piano. $1
mo.; hours. 2-4. 6-g. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Monfy. Ey M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, musio studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 18S« Eddy Et.
ILLUSTRATION— PARnNGTON'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine at.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 805 Larkin at.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Wsskly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
K MPLOYMES T OFFICES.
ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY CO...--...
24 MONTGOMERY AVB
Furnish mechanics, miners
Railroad men. ranch hands
and woodchoppers at short notice
A-JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post m.. near Powell; telephone Bush 12 J.
FOR reliable help send to Open Door Employ-
ment Office. 1272 Fol6om st. ; tel. Howard 1447.
JAPA-NESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. SO6V4 Stockton.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. S15 Stockton; Main DISS.
JAPANESE Housedeaninr Co. — Walteri-.cooks,
dishwashers; ««rt. 1890. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese erap. office— Best help
furn.; domestio serv. 417 Powell; teL Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tol. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offic*—
Ppst heir. 411H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 428.
E.WLOYMEr.T WANM'fcit* KEMAL1S.
FIRST-CLAPS German cook desires situation.
b*>st of reference; also a competent German
vi.iii.in -with a child, good cook and hou^e-
-work**r; French chambermaid and seam-
rtress; Swedish second girl and a neat young
plrl as nurse or assist second work, await
situations. MISS CULLEN, 223 Sutter st.
SWEDISH woman with a child -wishes t>!ac»;
good cook. MRS. NORTON, 318 Butter st.
A NEAT girl, 15, wants position In American
family; take care of children and assist up-
stairs work; b*et of references. Address 91i
Golden Gate ave.
j GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework; can show the best cf reference*;
3 years In last place; no postals answered.
44 I >i;in-.ci:d St.
A COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
with best references wants work by the day.
Address by mail only 1045 Mission st.
NEAT young Swedish girl would like, to do
light housework. £34 Blxth at., between
Bryant and Brannan.
A SWEDISH girl of experience; a good cook
ana houKwworker: city reference. Call from
10 to 6. room 9. 1030 Howard st. -
GOOD, obliglr4r woman wants to do general
housework in city or short distance in coun-
try:, good plain cook; laundress. 770 Jessie.
GERMAN girl wajits to <lo washing and clean-
Ing by the day; $1 10 per day. 113V4A Leaven-
worth St., in rear.
MARRIED lady wants plain sewing or will go
out from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m. Coil or address
MRS. J. C. S103 Buchanan st.
GERMAN cook and man helper want places to-
gether in hotel, restaurant or boardlng-houae;
city or country. 242 Natoma Bt., basement.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, wishes posi-
tlon as housekeeper; good care of children.
Call at CS-76 Ellis St., room (3, bet. 1-3 p. m.
LADY wishes to do gentlemen's plain sewing
or mending. Address B. W., box 68. Call.
TOUNG clrl wants to work in a candy store.
13SG Howard Et.
WOMAN wants situation as cook In private
family; reference. Call at 1022 Larkin st.' '
YOUNG lady wishes position as bookkeeper or
assistant 705 Valencia et.
COMPETENT nurse wishes a position by day
or week. Inquire at 84 Natoma st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes sltuatlan as
hwEtkeeptr; city or country; take care Jn-
vaMd. 124 Welch st., near Foartn.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant av.
WINCHESTER House, 41 Thira st., near Mar-
! ket -SCO rooms; 25c to $1 60 night, $1 (0 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baccage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED 'advertisements and nubsctiytlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsementa and
cubficrtDtlons bas been established at 1034
Valencia St.
COOK wants employment; a good, careful oook:
or would et> as second cook. T. SMITH. 31S
Minna at.
YOUNG all-around butcher for the country;
best of references. Box 84, Call office.
COMPETENT, sober, single man. with first-
class references, -would like a steady re-
Bponslble position on orchard or ranch; single
or as working foreman; I think I can give
, satisfaction in every respect and lay more
stress upon steady work and fair treatment
than high wages. Address 221 Second st.
YOUNG man, 83, temperate, reliable, educated,
with business experience, familiar with typv-
! writing and of network, wants position as of-
fice man, clerk or salesman. Box 27S2, Call.
i STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wants posi-
tion, having good knowledge of bookkeeping
, with lone business experience in several lines
and flrst-cla*s references. Address P. N.,
12T5 Mission st.
COACHMAN, first-class alt around man, can do
gardening or milking; reliable driver; thor-
oughly competent; city references. E. A., tl!
Kearny at., dty^ • ¦
' COMPETENT young man.. 21 years: good in
mathematics; speaking and writing Huently
[ Spanish, French, German and English ; best
references. A. M.. 1S£S>,_ Green st.
! TOUNG roan violinist wishes musical work;
dance wnrk; sportlnjr house or saloon -work
accepted; line tone; plays by note only; terms
tery reasonable. Box 387S, Call.
I TOUNG German wants position as port?r or
anything; best references. Box 38, Call office.
YOUNG man with 6ome experience In museum
and fchow business, good talker, wishes po-
[ sltion. Box 8S96. Call office.
| GASOLINE engineer: licensed either marine or
stationary; do my own machine work. O. O.
. Y.. 322 Fourth st.
J THE employment department of the Y. M. C.
. A. furnishes only reliable young men. Ma-
son and Ellis Ets. ; phone Bush 17. .
1 JAPANESE, honest boy. wishes to have a po-
sition bjs schoolboy. . K. NATARI, S58 Jessie.
1100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
'. ceaisklns, piano?, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
, . 15 Grant ave. ¦ -
¦ TOUNG Japanese, speaks English well and has
had . 8 years' experience* desires • position for
general housework. M. 6.. ttf Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MAIiB.
JAPANESE~Voy wants position to do house-
work- with experience; speaks English well.
MATSUO. 858 Jessie st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 3200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsementa and
subscriptions has been established at 10»«
Valencia st. __-_-_—_-—----.
EXPEllT OPTICJANS^^^
EYES examined free; spectacles Properly ad-
.usted. N. Manaase. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LE1\
BAT-WINDOW flat of S rooms; aunny; rent
*12 60; water free. 1185 Bacramcpto at.
BI-EOANT new eor. 7-room flat; store-room;
Janitor service; moat desirablo location. BE.
oor. Golden Gat* A Loguna; op. Jeff, square.
FINE modern flat. 7 rooms and bath. 626 Qolden
Gate aye., bet. Van Nees ave. and Franklin.
OEARY, 241OB— Top flat of 4 rooms and large
porch; rent tlO.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MONET advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from tl to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS ,
16 Grant ave. ¦
UPPER flat of 6 rooms and bath. SIS: on How-
ard eC, and upper flat of 8 rooms and batn.
stove attached, *12. Apply PATTERSON &
• CO.. 170< Market at.
VALLEJO, 1111. nr. Leavenworth— Upper flat *
tunny rooms; newly renovated; gas *°& batn.
J7-4-ROOM flata on Victor at., oft Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. ?41 Bryant.
17 60— FLAT of I rooma. 266H Harriet at., be-
tween Cth and 7th. Harrison ' and Bryant.
FURNITURE FOliSAIiB. ',
i ROOMB furnished In oak for *« 60. with No.
T range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket at.: telephone South 637.
FURNITURE- and carpets of forty-room house;
In fli-st-class condition. Apply between 2 and
B p. m., SQ9 Powell St.
FURNITURE for sale at 4 Taylor place; also
Jewelry tools. ____-_-_._-_-_-»»-»-.
FURNITURE 1^ y ' T ' ED ' - - -
CHAfl.' LEVY buya your furniture, carpets,
planoa. eto. 1135 Market at, ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 77! Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1J05 Larkin ; tel Polk 691.
furniture & fnrn'd houses bought; epot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
' HELP WANTED FEMALE.
"a R. HANSEN A CO Phone Grant 185"
j... ...... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city, $23; 3 waitresses, city,
120; 4 waitresses, country, *20 and S25; cham-
bermaid, south, |20, special rates; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait dinner, $20, city and coun-
try; woman cook. 130; 1 chambermaids. $15;
plain laundress, institution, J23; pantry girl.
Housegiri for' small' "American family, Oak-
land, keep two girls, $25; houseglrls, Santa
Cms, $20; young girl to assist. Modesto, aee
party here; housegiri. Wlllovrs. S17: houseslrl.
Sacramento County, $10; bousegirl, Oakdale,
$20;' £0 houseglrls, city, including five very
choice places, $25; young nurscgirl, care of
two children, cltyj housekeeper, country, $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Peary et.
TWO neat young salesladies for candy store,
$7 a week to begin. C. R. HANBEN & CO..
104 Geary at.
WOMAN to cook for men 120
Helper for a mining camp In Nevada $30
Housework, Santa Barbara, no objection to
a child $15
Working housekeeper, country, no objection
to a child J13
Restaurant cook and helper $30 and $20
Boarding-house cook $25 to $30
. MISS CULLEX. C5 Sutter st.
NTrOSE. Institution, $25; laundress, $25; 2 cooks,
• $30 and J2S; cook and second Rirl, $30 and »-0,
same house; second girt, $25. MRS. XORTON,
313 Sutter st. '
WANTED— French or German girl for upstairs
vrork waiting at table and sewing-; references
required. CaU between 9 ar.d 10 or 5 and 6
at l«0 Pino st.
WANTED- Two women to do housework. $20;
13-year-old irlrl for light work. Open Door
Agency. 1272 Folsom at.
SWEDISH or German flrl for general house-
work; wages $25. CaU between 9 a. m. and t
p. .ni., 1S0S Post »t.
100 OPERATORS to take work home. 723 Mai^
ket st.. room 85^
OPERATORS to work In factory.. 723 Market
St.. room 35.
A GIRL for reneral housework and cooking.
704 Golden Gate ava.
NXTRSEOIRL wanted. 3438 Billmor* s«.
NEAT, reliable girt wanted. 1423 O'Farrell et
GIRL! for plain cooking and assist In house-
work: small family. 1444 O'Farrell, upper flat.
A GIRL for general housework. 14G0 O'Farrell
street.
TOUNO girl to assist in housework; no wash-
in«. 1032 Ellis at.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
623 Haicht st.
GIRL for general housework at 1134 CUls st.
WANTEIX-Experienced dressmakers, S30 Eddy
street.
TOUNO girt for general housework; need not
cook. Call at 1SS1 Eddy at.
YOUXO girl to help wait at table In restau-
rant. 195 Tenth st.
TOUNO woman to help In codes parlor. 1613H
Folsom st.
8MART girl; assistant nursa.' Institution for
children; wages .$12 month.' 513 Minna at.
GIRL 14 or 16 to care for .child. Coll M onday
at 2S0 Mirma St., be-low Fourth.
PANTS finishers; steady work. $S8 Howard St.,
between Fourth and Fifth, over ball court.
\OUNG girl to assist at light housekeeping;
good home; good wages. 822 Twenty-ninth ec.
WAITRESS wanted in home reataurant at Ul
Seventh st,
EXPERIDNCED hands en altemtion work:
suits and waists. DAVIS, BCH0NWAH9EII
A CO., 128 to 134 Post st.
WANTEP—Eaperteneed saleslady for art ern-
broldery foods; one oompetent to teach em«
broidery preferred. Address L. F.. box 24.
Call office.
WANTED— At once, a woman of strong per-
sonality; will be well paid if capable; refer-
ences rcqnlrcd. Box 63. .Call office.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; small
family: $15; call Monday, after 10. 81J Flil-
mbre Bt.
BKWIXG girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts.; steady
work: good pay. Lowenbcrs Co.. 27 Jessie at.
FIRST-CLABS pantsmakers\good wages. Ap-
ply at once, CO* Kearny Bt.* room 10.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
lng; $15. 43 Stanley, bet. 1st A td. oft Harrison.
WA>rTKr>-Sman ulrl; light housework; *10 to
$11. 1022',. Fol»om at.
WANTED— Experienced starchers; hours from
7:30 to 8:20. EAQLESON A: CO.. 636 Market.
A O.IKL for housework: small family: wag-ei
$25. 2118 nakcr Rt., comer Jackson.
WANTED— Experienced apprentices nr.d finish-
era on coats; steady work. 117 Russ at.
GiRijfl to learn book folding. C3« Clay et.
WANTED-qerman Udy to assist in* bakery;
good hom«. 9S0 Harrison at. -¦'
GJRL for typewriUne and r>fflce work; good
penman. Address box 65. Call office.
WANTED-Girl of 16 years to assist in light
housework. 807 Van Ness ave., nr. Eddy at
WAN'TED-^Girl for general housework. Applj
838 O'Farrell at.
WANTEIX— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom at., between 13th and 14th.
POUROW. money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIK1KD. advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH 'omen 'for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
I»nc1a nt. .- . ¦ - ¦ ¦
HELP l WANTED- M ALB.
A NORWEGIAN or Swedish family can get i
rcod house and barn In the county for th<
winter; rent free; 120 acres of fanning lanf
for rent if desired near town; good road
' ¦ healthy location and •- Rood water. Addres:
P. O. box 274, Santa Crus. Cal.
A— WANTED— 15,000 men of backbone to .voti
for JOHN G. WOOLLKY, for the horn'
ayainat the saloon.
COATMAKERS— Highest union prices; free sit
tins room. ALFRED ULIENTHAL, 903 Mar
ket, at. ¦...¦/.,,;.,¦..,.,.-: ¦ -
GOOD swift coatmakers to work Inside; stead;
• work and good pay. Apply at 27 Geary et.
aecond floor.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6843'
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT MONDAY 7 A. M
7 carpenters, build barns, etc. at mine. $82 60
and found; E carpenters, bridge and trestle
work, $70 and found; turner and bench hand
for Nevada '
timber man for mine '. $3 25 day
turner and band sawyer, $3 a day. country
¦ job; wagon makers, woodworkers $<o, $90
blacksmith; also other mechanics; 2 foremen
for a mine; 3 miners; carriage painter; boys
to learn trades; coachmen: 13 laborers for a
mine you' 11 suit. $34 and found ; 38 laborers
and teamsters..... $176 and $2 day
teamsters and laborers, city Jobs
29 milkers, farm hands, eto., $28 and found,
$30, $25 and found; 9 chore men and boys
t farmers and wives $50, $40 and found
milker and wife, $40 and found; 6 laborers,
city factories; 18 stablemen, buggy waBhers,
hostlers, etc., city and country, $50, $40. $35,
$30, $25 and found; 155 woodchoppers and tie-
makers, $3. $2 CO, $2, $1 60, $1 cord. 13c, 12c. 10O
each, tools, provisions and cabins furnished...
12 laborers for a quarry, $60..........
MURRAY & READY, 63i-636 Clay st.
A— 25 MEN for South FREE FARE
laborers.drillers. etc., free fare.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL DEPT OTHER DEPTS.
27 cooks, different places, $60, $50. $40, $30 and
found; some cooks and dishwashers, same
places, come, see; cook and wife, 25 men, no
women there, $45; IS dishwashers and wait-
ers, $35, $30. $25. $20 and found; second, third and
first hand bakers: boys to drive bakery and
other wagons, etc.; polisher and help starch,
country, $35 and found; pantrymen, porters,
butchers, eto.; experienced dellcateesen man,
$45 and found.
MURRAY ft RE-APT. 634-636 Cay. at.
AT a R. HANSEN A CO.'S. .A. ...104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK
10 stonemasons, R. R. work. Nevada
$3 50 a day
Stonecutter, B, R, work, Nevada,. $3 60 a day
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Far©
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, $100; meat and pastry cook, $C3; aecond
cook, $75; aecond cook, $40; third cook, $30.
same country hotel; third cook, springs, $35
and fare paid; oysterman, $40; dishwashers,
kitchen, hands, etc
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
DISHWASHER, 'strong, active man, country
hotel. $30. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary.
'OFFICE boy wanted for this office. C R.
HAN6O*& CO.. 104 Geary at.
A WASHER; country laundry; $40 and found;
see party here. C. R. HANBEN A CO.. 104
Geary st.
A— WANTED , !..„
Working foreman for ranch. $80 to $33 and
found; driver for milk wagon. $35 and found;
i teamsters, country, steady Job. $24 and
board; farmer and wlfs for orchard. 140;
farmer and wife with a ohtld. $S0 to $85. W.
D. BWBR A CO.. «10 Pay st
A NO. 4. carpenter. S electricians. 5 cabinet-
makers, 6 bench hands, 2 sash and door men,
1 atlcker hand. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau. 410 Kearny St., room t; non-union me-
.chanlcs please register; new jobs dally; no
office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Fre« employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Seo., 104 7th; tel. Jassle 152.
RELIABLE young man for grooery store and
take care of horses. B. K. TRUELSEN,
Golden Gate. CaJL
WANTED— A good, strong man for porter at
Winchester Hotel. 44 Third at.
BOY wanted. 1170 Market at., room 88.
TALL boy wanted; $5 weekly. LEON LEMO8.
1117 Market at
BOY wanted. 8066 Twenty-fifth St.. near Har-
rison; call before 9 a- in.
LIVE man to take orders; big money; refer-
ence; salary and commission. Call S33H Bush.
WANTED — Walter for eofiCe* and lunch hous«;
$7 a week. 32 Sixth at.
WANTED— Strong boy around printing office.
79 Third at.
WANTED — Boy who has ¦worked at upholster-
ing. Apply 841 -Hayes st.
GOOD bakery wagon driver; must have expe-
rience. 811V4 Larkin st.
COOK wanted; good wages. 6S1 Clay tt.
WAGON -woodworker wanted.* BS7 Brannan st.
WANTED—A good lunch waiter at BOO Beale st.
"WAITED— A first-class dish-washer. IS Ed(5y.
STEADY man with $135; will pay $C0 a month;
no experience required. 1016 »\larket, room 10.
BARBER chairs — 1 Hydr-Kokens. best, new,
HO less than regular price; 1 ditto, slightly
used. $15; call early. STOLTZ, <36 Market.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
eklns. UNCLE HARRIS, lo Grant ave.
TOUNO man IS to 20 at S* N. WOOD A CO.'S.
71S Market et,
COATMAKER or pantsmaker can have nice
neat room. 104 Kearny st., tailor shop.
' WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 619 Sacra-
mento st.. near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen comin«
to the city can find nice, cloan. cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERT, Prop.
WANTED — A young man to act as floor
walker; one with good address and sterling
habits; for Weinstock. Lubln & Co.. Sacra-
mento. Apply at BI3 Market st., near First,
between 2 and 3 p. m.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced clothing
talesman: cne who can talk Portuguese; for
Sacramento. Atiply at SS3 Market St.. room 7.
between 2 and 3 p. m.
' WANTKD— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver llou«a, 117 Third st. : ISO larjro
¦ tnonu; 25c p«r ntsht: tl to tt p*>r w«ek.
' MEN wanted to Uarn barber trade; only eight
weeks m)ulrt>d; pcatttiws guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and man of city free.
MOLKK'H UAUUKIt OQLXJCQB, 635 Clay St.
I-UNSIONB-J, u. Bhei.»r\l A Co.. old. reliable
; firm, SOU Market, rn>, t\ Ph*l*« blag.; pen-
sion voucher* executed, Wo; advle* free.
A BTUONO hovj i'S.aiuvo fur advancement.
riAVIKIl IIROH, PO , $1 fi«ni.»i«» at,
' WANTWIWA K0CK1 ' •i)v«rtUtn« MUMtor fur" a
monthly pu till. -at ton; t*ti, JK»< R OOl ofrto*.
. ALL slaes man's atioea, .n.tiUv .tanmje.t. half
1 rriott, it* Mission si., t.-t. »»t ana »t at*.
I TAILOR wanted, OaU flujuUyT JU ' "O'ramli
street. \
' 11AHHKR shop HrAute.t tn »«** eountrv town,
Al. J. HILVBIKA, 1000 8*vsntn »t., CVtkUmi.
• WANTKiv-r'urrler, "~A'p1pl>" *t IWO rtwrjf at.,
1 after 1 p. m, •
G RNTLEM EN ' B suits tn order, $) par w«#h, at
cash prices. N. V. Tailoring Co., 115 K««*rnjr.
• GI3T your shoes half-aoled while waiting; JSo
to Bflo. lit Mlaston at., bat, l»t and U »ta.
' WANTED— 100 men to taka room*. lOo. 15c and
SOo. Hoeton House. PSO Howard «t.
'. SAILORS, ordinary iramen and green hand*;
all parts of world, UEIOfAN'ri, *« Steuart.
i MEN anil women to learn barber trade. S. F.
. HARnBrt COLLT5OE. 741A Howard St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.,-near Mar-
• ket: 700 rooms, 25c ntfrM: reading-rooms ; free
t 'bus and bagKace to and from the ferry.
; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office, 2100 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH qfflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
V&lonrla st
' * ' HE'^KK'IOIPS \
• PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
1 clsco; can be seen; no operation; no pain: par-
j tlculara pent. Ad. Physician, box 19f-4). Call.
HORSES. L.IVK STOCK, Ktc — For Sale
" 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
" FOR SALE^Palr young mules; medium size;
I lady drives single or double. 4S4 Merrlmac
Bt.. Oakland; forenoons.
FOR sale — Light span of young mareo. Inquire
1202 Mission st.
• • FKKD Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows,
Z poultry and dogs healthy. 12S3 Folsom st., S.F.
r 2 FRESH cows with .calves for sole. Apply
. J. F. PERLE, Anjel Island.
• CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
.Call. -16 pages, sent to any address In the
r United States or Canada one year for 11.
t IIOUXKS TO LET.
_, A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
i cular. G.-H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE, 8 rooms and batn; lot 25x137. 1715 Ed-
¦ dy at., near Pierce; price $4250.
MODERN house 6 rooms, -.decorated, bath, largra
„ yard, basement: grand marine view; rent $23.
a j 23Z5 Leavenworth St., near Lombard.
• CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
™ Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the>
'• United Slates or Canada one year for tl.''
UYI'.NOTIS.M.
is PROF. DILLON, considered bT~thT"pree«~'and
I public as - America's greatest hypnotist:
- -teaches hypnotism sdcntiflcally in class or
"•- private; all rervous diseases and. bad habits
> cured without the use of drugs. S24 O' Fan-ell.
— COMPLETE course ¦ Instructions and diploma,
y 5 lessons. ,?5; cigarette and other bad habits
., cured. ; PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND, 997
Market at.; hours 2 to I dally.
LOST AJfP FOXnfD.
LOST— Gent' a silver watch, Benson maker, be-
tween Cliff House dancing hall and ocean
train yesterday. Please return to 848 Mc-
Allister st. ; reward. • . .
LOST— Green leather * pocket-book containing
valuable papers. In Golden Gate Park. Finder
please return to C. L. METERS. 17 Stockton.
LOST — Commutation ferry ticket: name B.
Flexel. Finder return to 1317 Seventh St.,
Oakland.
LOST— Nov. 1. purse containing gold and check:
liberal reward; no questions asked. Return to
E. N. N.. Black Hawk Stables. 1018 Valencia.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Eoclety of San Francisco, in the
name of MURCT B. WADDELL. No. S01-1S8.
The finder will please return to bank. Octo-
fcer n, 1900.
LOST— Lady's gold watch and fob. initials L.
M. S. on case and elephant on fob. Reward
for return to 757A Howard at.
$100,000 TO loan dn watches, diamonds, silver.
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS.. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladle?
specialists; S2 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladies treated can return
home sarnie day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one Van uee It with satisfaction: perfect-
ly harmless.- Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. VT. O'DONNELL, moved to 101$ Mar-
ket, opp. 6th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be uaed at home; consul-
tatlon free. After all others fall call on him.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F.: low fees.
1007}. Market at., near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; J5 yrs.'
practice; guaranteed treatment at office. $5;
any aliment; home for patients; consult free.
942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
THE well-known Dr. Popper, female specialist
for 37 years, for all female ailments; treat-
_jnent at office, $5. Call on physician with
men's knowledge. Z23 Kearny st.
NO TOT KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc; all diseases treat-
ted: send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
MBS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth — Safe and reliable ladles' physician:
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 10S5 Market— Ladles' spe-
ciallst: safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
MRa DR. GWTER, ladles' specialist; home
for patients. B10 Eddy st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 185-137 Fremont at.
BARS, bock bars, mirrors, showcased, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of aaloon outfits on hand;
$2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
w« can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOOSAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st^,
abov* Sixth; write for catalogue.
8T. GERMAIN Billiard Co., formerly Jacob
BtrahU A Co.: pioneer billiard house; estab-
lished 1SJ2, 409 Market at.; billiard, pool, tlv-
olt and pagoda tables; "expert" cushions, un~
rlvaled for apeed. accuracy and durability;
celebrated "Rapid" steam and lager beer ap-
paratus, with flashers and cleaners; Install-
ments or rented.
ETEAL6KTN coat for sale cheap at BIS Post st.
AN elegant solitaire' diamond ring, a perfect
gem, for only $45: former price $30. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
A NICKEL-PLATED B-flat cornet made by
' C. G. Conn, Elkhart, Ind. ; original coet $35;
our Brie* now $24. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden "West Broom Fac-
tory at S2S and 630 Clay st., near Kearny, has
Just etarted: storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mall attended to.
BUT a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st. ; rental?, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUTS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, bolleaB, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear at. j
BUTCHER'S Icebox. 8x12. value $300; will sell
for $40; leaving city. 1126 Folsom st.; Inquire
upstairs.
B-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline, engine.
{150; can b« seen running;, at 623 Golden
Gate ave.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON.
16 O' Farrell St.
PHOTO and magic lantern goods bought, sold,
•Tenanted. IN Montgomery st.
FINE Milt. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery «t.
A— $3 10 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, SS) Kearny st., near Pine.
A— IX) HOF.SHFOWER engine! boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDIXE'S. m> Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS seeend-hand modem engines and
boiler* bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
JW-LIOHT dynamo, er.pine and boiler, cotn-
plete: cJieap. H. S. WHITE. SI 8 Ml.«sion st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 SO. Portland Loan Otic*. S Stktn.
S^FES — Xew and second hand. THE HER-
MANN' SAFE CO.. 417~<n Sacramento St.
PORTABLE engines, bcilers: iron and wood
planers, lathes; Sd hand. J. Burk». 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and M hand; moving
pictures. BULLARP A BRECK. Ul Po»t st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flr« and burglar
proof safe. Hi California «t .
B 'K.FES— New and second hand: all eiz-e*. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
SECOND-HAND screw cutting power bond
raw; planer and Iron vise. St. Oermaln Bil-
liard Co., » 409 Market at.
WE are paylnc for dry rabbit »nd Belgian
hare akina 7W> to $^c per lb. HERMAN
WALr>BCK CO.. H Clay St.
A-CIX)TUING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought;
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phono Black ian.
U PrARBER A SON removed 634 Mission at;
pay highest prices for tools and machinery.
SvaNTEP — Upright piano for cosh. H. L.
wHITEHEAP. 1710 Market st. ? ¦
LADIES' and gents'cast-off clothing bought A
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
Kl.FIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
n-brao and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
XnY amount on furniture, planes, without re-
moval. or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance en the purchase price we will
pay it and carry, the loan as long as you de-
sire- avoid red tape and publicity; see u*
first': you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-69 Donohoe bldff., 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terma.
Second Mortffases ••••
Interests In Estates
.......Undivided Interests in Real Eetate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY, 630 Market.
>. — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will bo better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; lat. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terma before doing, business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16, .first floor.
Chronicle building, HALLORAN' & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Si$ Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
A — SWO.OOO ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny St., room 9, respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; taka elevator. Telephone Davis 903.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mortgages; city or country:
6 per cent undivided Interests; estates,; any
proposition. HARPER, 397 Parrott building.
ANY amount" by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; conndentiaL
BONELLI. Spl Jones St.. comer Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with:
»mall monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Hansome at., room 2. '
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent; no removal; no commla'n. 6 Eddy. r. SI.
.TO salaried people without security; all busl-
ne#j confidential. Tousley O>.. 321 Parrott big.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rat*. II? Market, at., room L
TO LO.V.V.
°tf fa"»"ure and pianos" no~removai; «nfl-
aentlal; on dlamonda. etc. S3 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bull.»ns.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b'.g.
MQVET WASTED.
WANTED-^To borrow, 6 per cent per an-
num; real estate aecnrlty. Box 8. Call otflo.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy' s
hare the privilege of- exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to th«
public for the past three years. A large slz<\
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$330. Jo cash and $6 per month. This la not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY, Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co.. Eyrcn Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 303. 310. 313 Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN,
CLAY Jfc CO.'S have the privilege- of ex-
changing for a STEINV.'AY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
. the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $3 per month:
some good pianos for f3. Jt and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEIN W AY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway aad Thlr-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
THE Decker A Son pianos excel all others.
The Decker & Son planoa please food players.
The Decker & Son pianos last a lifetime.
The Decker & Son pianos are the onea to buy.
THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Mar-
ket st.. aeents.
WE want you to call and aee the bargains w«
have. Fine second-hand pianos for $100. $130.
J175. $200. $300. $330. Beautiful new ones for
»20O to JS30. All pianos sold on easy pay-
ments if you desire, and you can at any tlm*
exchange for a rew Decfcer A Son.
We mx« the only hous» In the city that sells
all kinds of musical Instruments on easy pay-
ments; call and see us and learn how easy
It la to buy. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 783 Mar-
ket at.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous<»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S, K,
23 and 20 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organ3 an.1
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A MAGNIFICENT nprlght piano, used a abort
time, offered this week. $160; a fine piano.
$100: elegant new stock at popular price*.
DEWING' B. Flood building.
SPECIAL snaps In a faw slightly used pianos.
See us. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 O'Far-
rell at.: Chlckering a«ency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonion music boxes.
4 FINE uprights, little used; 8honlnger. Behr-
lng, Stelnway and 8ohmer. KEEFFE*S. 933
Market at.
'< LARGE upright grand piano: must b« sacrificed,
i In S day»; leaving city. 333 Turk at.
$190— FINE large upright piano. 3841 Eighteenth
street. ¦
WANTED— Good second-hand upright piano
from iZO to $180 cash. Box K. Call office.
BEST rant stock In city; b»w pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT CTTRTAZ. 580 Hayes at.
HIGH-GRADE piano, nearly new. R85. HEINB
Piano Co.. 817 Geary at.
SUPERIOR violins, slthers. old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
ELEGANT Bohmer upright, good aa new, and
other great bargains. BRUENN, 20S Port st.
FINE 3- pedal upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister at.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFTE'3, 933 Market ft.. 4 elegant up-
rlaMs at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A EARGAIN; must be sold: nice upright piano.
PCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. ne*t Hlh. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
ovpr & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 9T7 Market St.—
Light sunny offices, $15 to $25 per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and use cf phcne.
! STORE. 2 rooms, $15:' corner stor-», $17. B3 and
S2S Bryant st., opposite new factory.
SALOON and lodjtfre house. Corner First and
Federal sts.. Mall Dock; good Inducements.
LARGE elesant rtorw and basement. 993 V»-
ler.cla St.. r.ear ?!st: business center.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 880 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lasds In the Kern River field
for sale; no stock proposition: no wildcat
scheme; this Is sure territory In the largeat
I ar.d best known field in California. If you
1 want to form a company buy good land on
! the lin? of the railroad. NEWTON. CARMA.V
I & SOME?. S. "C. MASON, arent. 11 Mont-
gemery at.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME' FOeSELLI. scientific palmist. 51$
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 5<1.
MME. NEERGAAP.D, "00 Post; teL Hyde 2333:
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment
PATENT S AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
fEHSOXALS.
OESTLEHAN about to settle, la Mexloo Ctty
will be glad to executa commlaslona, repre-
sent commercial .house, tt& Box «3, Call.
LEDERER is the hair dresser who gives von
the latest hair styles for the least money. So;
switches. $1 up. 123 Stockton st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 7W;
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feather* and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fin« up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. Z13 and 33> 11th st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
ISO to $1 SO per night; $1 60 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from th« ferry.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife,' plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second st.. N. T.
COXSTIPATION— Positive cure by means of
the Dilator or Marvelous Blood Circulator; no
drugs or medicine. S32 Geary; consult free
SUITS to order en Installments: 115 upward: $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. _^__
NOTICE— I clean all kinds of wallpaper sama
as new; free trial. Parker. J49O Post at.
LEDEREIVS Quintonlca Hair Tonic stops the
hair from falling out, price S5c bottle.
BORROW on piano\ furniture, diamonds,
paintings: secrecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant av.
AKK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
$1 25 a pair: guaranteed. 121 Grant ava.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. K. RAY. 337 Jessie at.
SCIENTIFIC maasase treatment by trained
male nurse from the Eaat. 334 O'Farrell st.
LEDERKR'S Foamo Shampoo • cleanses th«
scalp thoroughly, tc pkg- Get samplo pkg.
DR. LAMOTTE*3 French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c. all druggists.
PUT your coal of LANG1T& GOFF. successors
to W. H. Wiseman, 1711 Sacto. ; tel. butter ZT.a.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair.
mole*; trial free. MISS EATON. 1113 Suttgr.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Mcholaa Hot?L
OLD gold, silver, diamonds ,»^<» P r ' c ' ou » stones
bought. J. P- JEMCEL, 81 1 Market St.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its -natural color: $1; at all druggist*
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
lfi pages, in wranpor. for mailing. $1 p-r ye-u^
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEO.VS.
: DR. J HERBERT REEVE, W4 Kearny St.—
' x«w" hygienic sanitarium: supposed incurable
chronic diseases are cured by electro hygiene.
• DR C C O' DOXNELL— Office and residence.
1021^' Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
: PHOPTBRTV WASTED.
WANTED— Lodging-house for cash or «-
i change fruit aifci grain farm, with or with-
out improvements, or exchange farms for
home near bay. Apply A. L. W1LLEY. room
IS 918 Market st. S. F. ; office hours 8 to %.
• REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
I if you have well-located property In the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
- vou really want to sell, then call on the under-
signed. W. J- GUNN. SSO California st.
• HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
r Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Then,
call on W. J. GUNN. 6J0 California st.
- HOUSE, » rooms and bath: lot 25x137. 1713
Eddy at-, near fierce; price $4250.
; MODERN houses built; lowest pti*.i; plana an<t
estimates furnished. Campbell, ni7 Mission.Mrs. -XJly Samuels, grand senior, -in
company with a /number of the sisters
from this city and Oakland, visited the
temple in San Jose last Wednesday night.
Mrs. "Wessle Katzensteln, formerly of
Sacramento Temple, „ Rathbone Sisters,
now a resident of Bpokkno, has been ap
pointed deputy supreme chief for British
Columbia. She will work to organize
temples in that Jurisdiction. /""¦
Grand Chief Mrs. Juliet Stlbbens ls mak
ing a tour of the temples. She will visit
the. temples of San" Francisco, Oakland,
Rio Vista, Sacramento and San Jose ¦dur
ing her stay in this portion of the jurisdic
tion. .- 1 MniMrV »ttriiiiM<i"Wri«riwriiiiiw>iiiiiTriTt»8f
• Rathbone Sisters.
FORECAST.-
The weather is generally clear over the Pa
clllc slope except along the Central California
coast, where it is cloudy or foggy.
Tho pressure has fallen slightly along the
northern coast and risen-' along the southern.
The changes have been slight in all districts.
With the exception of a fall at San Francisco,
the temperature has remlned nearly stationary
over the Pacific slope.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Monday, except partly cloudy or
foggy along the central coast. „
Forecast made at San Francisco for 80 hours
ending midnight November 5, 1900:
Northern California— Fair Monday, except
partly cloudy or foggy along the central coast;
light southwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday; light,
northwest wind. .'
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy or
foggy Monday; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast OfflciaL
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Padflo TimeO
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 4— Z p. ra.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka ., 68 Los Angeles I. .90
Mount Tamalpais 66 Sacramento , 78
Independence 70 San Luis Oblspo 76
Red Bluff. 78 San Diego ft
Fresno 84
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
(3; minimum, 60; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
46 N of Filbert. N 81:6 by W 77; $10.
Meta W. E. Goedecke to Meta Ooedecke,
beginning at SW corner 60 vara lot 391, N 122:1%
to Montgomery avenue, BE 59:2%. BW 4:6, S
74:1, W 33:71* ; also lot on W line of Powell
street. 100:6 >« of Chestnut, N 74:6 by W 87:6;
frart.
Giovanni Linarl to Theresa Llnari, rerecord
11S2 D. 243 and 1152 D. 883, lot on N line of
Valiejo street, 117:8 W of Powell. W 20 by N
76:6; J2000.
Sarah Killip {widow of William J.) to Carrie
C. O'Neli. all interest In the following: Cot
on N line of Post street. 137:8 W of Jones, B
22:11 by N 68:9; also lot on SW corner of Waller
and Scott streets, W 116:8 by S 23:6; also lot
on NW line of Brannan street. 251 SW of Sec
ond, SW 46 by NW 197:6; also lot on NW line
of Chenery street, 112 SW of Mateo, 8W K by
NW 100. block 6. Fairmount Land Association:
$1104.
Mary R. Scott to II. 1L Tilden. lot 1178. gift
map 2; $250.
Murdoch A. Campbell 'to Eu*en« Cook, lots
2:3 and 325. sift map 2; $10.
Ichitaro Koyo to Klntaro Klmura. and Nishl
yama Torll. lots 23 to 26, block B, L.ikevlew;
$10.
Henry F. and Clara H. Blanchet to Peter
Andersen, lot on NE line of Sixth avenue
6outh, 100 SE of K street, SE 10 by NE 100. lot
23(i. £>lock S3, Central Park Homestead; $10.
lister J. and Nelly L. Clarke to O. F. and
Anna Thompson, lot on S line of Crescent ave
r.ue, 46:8 E of Porter street, E 23:4 by S 75,
portions of lots 76. 78 and SO, Holiday map A;
$10.
Rufus H. and Ellen L. Huthaway to Olive
Verkouteren. lot 6, block 68, Paul Tract Home
stead; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to Southern Padflo Com
pany, same: $10.
Alameda County.
B. G. and M. M. Smith to Wells, Fargo &
Co. (a corporation), all Interest In lot on E
line of Broadway, 2C2 8 of Walnut (or Twenty
recond ctreet), S E0, E 128:5%, E 61, N 83:1H.
W 175:7»i to beginning. Oakland; grant.
William T. and Sarah B. Harris to Alice M
Colby, let on SW corner of Mono and Bhattuck
avenues, W 126. S 88, E 120.98, N 88.14 to begin
ning, being lots If and 15, block D, Brumaglm
Tract. Oakland: 110. \
George S. Stride to Jesse Bpencer Stride lot
9 on map of resubdlvlslon of block 84, Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Adelbert T. and,Lettle D. Hay to Edward and
Hazel O. Dwelly, lot on E line of Tevls street
825 N of Lloyd avenue, N 65.5, SE 108.1 SW
86.51, W 100.4 to beginning: being lot 10, block
D, map of Fruitvale Station Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
L. W. and Susan A. MoGlauflin to William
McMurray. lot on E line of Paru street. 60 N
of Dayton avenue, N 50 by E 147, lot 15, block
Q, Cak Park Tract, Alameda; $10.
J. O. Rtedman to Llllle B. Btedman. lot on E
line of Park avenue, 257:8 N of San Jose ave
nue, N 50 by E 126:6, portion of block 44, map
of Alameda Park Homestead, Alameda; $10
E. G. Vinzent to George B. and Wllhelmlna
C. Congor, lot on W line of Peralta street 103
N of Seventeenth, N 25 by W 110. Oakland- $10
G. Firpo (administrator of estate of John
Firpo, by J. B. Lanktree, commissioner) to F
Foccacci, lot on SW line of First avenue, 146 23
BE of Hardy street, SE 80, SW 325 to center of
Temescal Creek, thence N 97.65 to a point dis
tant 269.4 BW from point of beginning on a
line at right angles to First avenue, thence NE
269.4 to beginning, being lots 39 and 40, Clare
mont Park, beinga resubdivlslon of lots 3 to 8
block I. Vernon Park, Oakland: $265.
Sarah F. Warren to Edward II. Warren, un
divided half Interest in lot on NW line of
Eighth avenue, 100 NE of East Seventeenth
street, NE 50 by NW 100, portion of lots 9 to 12.
block 97, Clinton, East •Oakland; gift.
Mary C. Hirglns, J. J. Dunn and John M
Creed (by J.- B. Lanktree, commissioner) to
Elizabeth W. Parker, lot on SE corner of Uni
versity avenue and Sacramento street, E 100
by 8 138, portion Hardy Tract, Berkeley; $1200
Samuel H. Jenkins (executor of estate of Ada
line M. Jenkins, deceased) to Peter Droge,' all
Interest in lot on N line of Santa Clara ave
nue, 160 E of Eighth street, -E 40 by N 137-6
Alameda; $2400. ¦- * '"•'
11. J. McMullen and W. G Moody (trustees
H. H. Jr. and Mabel Colt) to State Savings
Bank, 714 D. 118. lot on S line of Thirty-third
street. 156 W of Market, S 87 by W SO, portion
of block Q, map of. property of Central Land
Company. Oakland (trustees' deed); $500.
R. P. M. and Hester A. Greeley to Eliza B
TJrmy. lot on B line of Thirty-sixth street, 881
W of Grove, W 40 by S 120:3, portion of lots
7 and 8. block C, . map ; of property of same
Oakland; $10.
by S 120; elft.
Magdalena L. Kuhlrt to Philip Hurewltz,
lot on 8 line of Grove street, 171:10% \V of
Baker. W 21:1CH by S 112:8; no.
Charlotte Gerlchien to same, same, quitclaim
de<:d; }10.
Ernest C. Hoffmann to same, name, quitclaim
de*d; $10.
William and Elizabeth J. Barber to Charles
A. and Ada W. Shurtleff. lot on S line of Pa
cific street. 72:« E of Walnut, E 85 by 8 127:SU;
$10.
Henry Hart to Catherine Hart, lot on N line
of Washington street, 117:9 W of Maple. W
28:6 by N 127:8%; gift-
Ferdinand and Catherine Formhals to Bal
thazar Huth, lot on W line of Dupont street.
Emlla and Theresa Ortlon to Auguste Ortlon.
lot on NW corner of Hayes and Webster street,
W 25:6 by N ICO; $10.
Clinton and Sarah W. Jones to Sarah L.
Coffin (wlf* of James), lot en N line of Broad
way. 217:6 W of Webster. W 67:6 by N 275; $10.
James and Sarah L. Coffin to John and Nellie
S. Flournoy, lot on N Una of Broadway, 137.8
E of Fillmor*. E E7:S by N 127:6; $10.
A tble R. and Martha Wood (executors estate
Joseph M. Wood to John A. and Frederick It.
Drinkhouee, lot on E line of Btelner street, 87:6
S cf Vallejo. S 14 by £ 137:6; $1260<
Samuel and Leonora S. McCartney to Mlsk
Julia Betz, lot on N line of Clay street. 60 W
of Scott. W 25 by N 102:8^4; SeOOO.
M. JL. Dorn to Walter B. Dorn. lot on SW
corner of Broderick and Haight streets, W 60
SEAL ESTATE
NOVEMBBR. 1300.
Amelle Aaronson with J. W. Miller and
Balston Iron Works, for brick work and steel
and castiron work on steel, castiron and brick
building on the north line of Union Square,
east from Stockton, > $10,050; Hiram F. Kelly
with Erik Boes. for a four-room and basement
cottage on the west line of Ware, near San
Bruno. $1250; Paul Bancroft with John Mc-
Delia Q. Lynch to Roswell Lee. north line of
Ellis, 90 feet west from Scott, JOx76, $4000; *R.
Ernest Schultz to Hlbernia Savings and Loan
Society, south line of Clay, 65 feet east from
Broderick, 27:6x100. *4206; Herbert and Mary A.
FoUer to Edward O. Webb and Hattle E.
Meek, west line of Sansome, 114:6 north from
Bush. 23x67, $1000; Rabecca Van Bergen to Her
mann Q. Lackmann, northwest corner of Broad
way and Leaven worth. 20x60. $3463; Robert S.
and Florence Moore to Esther O. Henderson,
northwest line of Howard, 90:10 southwest from
Steuart, 0:10x137:6, $1000; Margaret and Jo
sephine Kehoe to the : Continental Building
and Loan Association, northwest line 'of Fed
eral, 375 feet southwest from First, also south
west line of Bllery, 450 feet northeast from
Second, 87:6xS0, 11470; estate of Ellen K. Line
han to Johanna Sproete, east line of Tenth ave
nue, 136 feet south from California and 100 feet
south from California, depth 120 feet. S1500;
Solomon and Dora Getz to John G. North, north
lln« of I street, 67:6 east from Seventeenth ave
nue, 25x100, 1500; -Joseph £. and Mary E. Theriot
to Susanna Bocker, west line of Ninth avenue,
150 feet south from II street, 25x120. S1000; John
L. Howard and M. W. Farrell to tho Paclflu
Coast Company, east line of Madrid, 60 feet
south from Franc*. 50x100, 1500; Elizabeth and
J. Ladd Flnnlcann to Lena Fauser, east Una of
Laguna, 153 feet south from Golden Gate ave
nue, 22:6x112. $2000; David H. and Nellie U.
Moors to A. Rlvors, west lino of
Castro, 101:8 south from Twenty-eighth, 25x100,
$2000; Bank of California to Joseph and Jacob
Harris,* west Una of Powell, 62:6 feet south
from Chestnut. 60x130, $3000; Marietta Shattuck
to P. M. Morrison, southwest line of Steuart,
183:4 southeast from Mission. 45:10x137:6. $500;
James 8. and C. T. Banneil to Michael Har
rington, east Una of Fifteenth avenue, 250 feet
north from Clement. 25x127:6. J1000; 8. W. Hor
ton to Marie Hartoh. north line of C street.
102 :( feet west from. Fourteenth avenue, SOx
124, $1000; John Jr. and Mary Dunmore to Her
man A. Hagan, lots 704, 706, 708, 710 and 712,
Gift Map 2. $2000; Mary A. and Grace A. Mc-
Gulre to the Southern Paclfio Company, north
east line of Sixteenth avenue, 60 feet north
west from P street, 75x92:6. $4000; Oeorte and
Bertha Fuchs to Milwaukee Brewery of San
Francisco, northeast line of Juniper. 60 feet
northwest from Bryant, 25x85, $2000; Fillippo
and Glovanno Poazo to Giuseppe Pastori. south
line of Water street, 160:8 east rrom Taylor,
22:9xS7:6. $1000; Jean M. Taylor «t al. to J. W.
Wright and Son* Investment Company, east
1 line of Thirty-eJghth avenue, 125 feet north
from A street. 150x120. $1000; Mary M. B. Mar
tin to Sarah E. Aston, east Una of Eleventh
avenue, 150 feet north from M street, $.500; Har
rison Barto to Augusta J. Smith, northwest
corner of Eighth avenue and N street, north
west corner of Twelfth avenue and L street and
northwest corner of Eleventh avenue and L
street, $3500; Oscar Heyman to Julius S. Arn
heim. east line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 100 feet
south from Q street, 100x120, $500; Henrietta A.
Becker et al. to Roswell Lee. south line of
Turk, 31:3 feet east from Pierce, 25x87:6, $8500:
Julius and Fannie Newman* to Daniel D. and
Jeremiah E. Lowney, southwest line of Ninth,
250 feet southeast from Harrison. 25x100. $3000;
Homeseekers' Loan ' Association to John E.
Cross, west line of Hartford, 171 feet north
from Nineteenth, 22x125, $1650; G. B. and Cath
erine Dondero to the Cathollo Archbishop of
San Francisco, south line of Lombard street,
1278 west from Powell, 50x111:3. $6500: Walter
H Llnforth to Mercantile Trust Company,
southwest • corner of California and Leaven
worth, 20x67:6, $5000; San Francisco Savings
Union' to Spencer C. Buckbee, northeast line of
Fremont 85:6 northwest from Harrison, 137:6
Xl87'6 $6500; Celsus and Ida E. Brower to
Ellen' Geoghagen, south line of California, 82:6
feet east from Third avenue, 25x100, $1000; 8ol
omon and Rose Getz'et al. to Thomas Russo.
northwest line of Athens, 100 feet northeast
from Persia, 25x100, $500; Cordelia L.. Dodge
to C B van do Mark, southwest line of Pres
ident 50 feet northwest from Flint, 26x119:9,
$250: Cordelia L. Dodge to Casslus B. van de
Mark west line of Flint and southwest lino of
President. 119:9x50, $500; Antoinette C. Stohl
mann to Carl F. W. Anton et al., southwest
corner of FUlmore and Germanla avenue, 48
x81 SO gift; Edwin W. Jacobs to Arthur Ja
cobs 'Western Addition block 684, bounded by
Hayes, Cole, Fell and Clayton. $1500: Ameri
can Surety Company of New York to Catherine
B Cheesman, southeast line of 'Market, 120
feet southwest from Fourteenth, 31:3V»xCl:S?i,
and southeast line of Market. 105 feet south
west from Church, 50x100, $5250: Amy. Ehnln
eer to the Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society,
south line of Twenty-fifth, 229 feet west from
Dolores, 25:5x114, $1500; Catherine Kamps to
Henrietta Stewart, south line of Clipper. 133:4
east from Noe, 24:6x114, $1700; Jeremiah Sulli
van north line of Natoma. 125 feet east from
Sixth 25x80, $1800; Richard and • Alice O'Neill
to John Center, south line of Sixteenth, 50 feet
east from Vermont, 50x100, and east line of
Vermont, 150 feet south from Sixteenth, 60x100.
$1000- James Nixon to James and Barbara
Dundas east line of. Thirteenth avenue, 175
feet north from M street, 25x120, $500; Thomas
A Bulger et al. to Mary A. Bulger, lots 1 to
R ' Sunnyvale Homestead, $500; Henry F. and
Clara H. Blanchett to Hiram F. Kelly, west
line of Ware. 109:4V4 north from San Bruno.
2£x94 1500; Ltna Benx to John Pforr, north
line 'of Marshall, 100 feet west from Craut,
north line of Marshall. 200 feet east from Cong
don south Una of Marshall, 281:11 east from
Mission, and south lino of Marshall. 350 feet
east from Congdon. $8000; Emlle and Theresa
Drtion to Auguste Ortlon, northwest corner of
Haves and Webster, 23x100. $5500: Abble R. and
Martha Wood to John A. and Frederick R.
Drlnkhouse, east line of Stelner. 37:6 south
from Vallejo, 14x137:6, $1260; Samuel and Leo
nora S. McCartney to Julia Betz, north line
of Clay 90 feet west from Scott, 25x102 :8<4.
$6000; MaRdalena L.Kuhirt to Philip Hera
wltx south line of Grove, 171 -.10% west from
Baker 21 -10*4x112:6, $3500; William and Eliza
beth j Barber to Charles A. and Ada W.
Shurtleff south line of Pacific, 72:6 east from
Walnut 35xm:8U. *3«X>: Ferd and Catherine
Formhals to Balthasar Huth. west line of Du
pont: 46 feet north from Filbert. 71:6x77, $13,500:
Sarah KilHp to Carrie C. O Nelll, all Interest
in north line of Post. 137:8 west from Jones,
southwest corner of Waller and Scott, north
west line of Brannan. 251 feet southwest from
8econd and northwest line of Chenery. 112 feet
southwest from San Mateo, $1104; Henry F.
and Clara H. Blanchet to Peter Anderson,
northeast line of Sixth avenue south. 100 feet
southeast from K street. 50x100. $500;. Olive
Verkouteren to the Southern Pacific Company,
lot 6. block 68, Paul Tract. $1000.
The following building contracts have
been placed, upon record:
Clara E. and J." A. Folger to Edward M.
Dunbar, southwest line of Main, 137:6 north
west from Folsom, 45:10x137:6, {20.000; Thomas
G. and Sarah J. Taylor to Henry Sahleln,
southeast corner of Polls and Austin, 60x120.
f 20, 000; Clinton and Sarah W. Jones to Sarah
L. Coffin, north line of Broadway, 217:6 west
from Webster, 57:6x275. S23.000; James and
Sarah L. Coffin to John and Nellie 8. Flour
noy, north lino of Broadway. 137:6 east from
Flllmore, S7:Cxl37:6, $23,000; Cora A. Martin to
tho German Savings and Loan Society, north
line of- Broadway, 137:6 west from Webster,
I"7:6x!fr5. $52,600.
The actual consideration in other sales
was as follows:
There were ninety-flve deeds placed on
record during the week. The transactions
were small in dearly all instances. The
larger transfers were the following':
Th«r« continues to be a fair demand for
business properties, which demand will be like
ly to Increase three or four fold after the eleo
tlon. Th* demand for lots for manufacturing
and warehouse business continues. For sev
eral months that demand has been larger than
evor before in the history of the city. All the
signs Indicate that, after tho election, there
will be a very good real estate market, with
advancing prices. For residence purposes, land
on Padflo Heights continues to be in tlje lead,
and as next best, lots between Vallejo and
Union streets, commanding a view of the bay,
are inquired after by peopla who cannot afford
to buy Pacific Heights property. There ls a
continued demand for property below Market
street for wholesale business. .^- -
The sales of realty in San Francisco
during the month of October amounted to
$1,563,495 tfnd numbered 279, which were
distributed as follows i Fifty varas, 27;
one hundred varas, 16; city Blip and water
lots, 6; South Beach, 1; Potrero, 16; Mis
sion, 79; Western Addition, 73; outside
lands, 39; South San Francisco, 22. The
mortgages numbered 834 and amounted to
$1,184,203. The releases were 212 in number
and amounted to $1,027,254. For a period
of ten months the loans amounted to $13,
795,874 and the releases and reconveyances
to 513,742.752.
Magte's real estate circular for Novetm
ber contains the following:
Review of th» Conditions In the
Movement of Realty and Other
Hatters Pertaining
to Lands.
Lisf of Transfers and the
Amounts Paid for the
Lots Sold.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET OF THE
PAST WEEK
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H J Miller, Chicago
O Gordon. Bouldln
B B Fiemralng, Kenvl
P F Linton & w, Stkn
A E Ilansen & w. Cal
Mrs Longest, Cal
Miss M Long-eat. Cal
C J Smith. Cal
J W Bowman, Cal
Miss M Ireton. S Jose
Miss A Helman. 8 Jose
A J Van der Memton.
Iowa
E Guseke, Tracy
E M Hoshan, Nebr
C A Spark. Boston
P Joseph. Sacramento
Mrs Walker. Sacto
L B Fllan, Norway
L Kragmos. Norway
J Harry, Tacomt
C P Shockley. Vallejo
R C Small. New York
"W Moore & w, Chicago
E O'Connor. Marysvl
G A Hedge. Chicago
E P ¦Williams. Chgo
H J Johnson. St Louis
W W Klnes. Salinas
W S Klnley. Kans City
GRAND HOTEL.
W H Lnmsden, 8 Rosa
T Cunnngham, S Rosa
H Brown, Cal
A H Berdley, Ls Ang
W E Haynes. S Clara
H H Braley, Berkeley
A Belloli, San Jose
Miss Belloli, San Jose
E Kane, New Tork
E C Cary, Lodl
H A Bell & w. Sacto
H Isaacs, Los An?
J C Donaldson, Detroit
B M Kurtz, N Y
Mrs J Perrott Jr. Cal
C H Schlveley. Orovil
A L Dorn Si vr, S Jose
Capt P H Mason. Cal
W H Murphy. P Alto
T Casey. Plnola
T T Moran. Cal
J Manning, Cal
J S Reardon, Ls Ar.g
G 9 Brownlee, Xapa.
F.J Carr, Cal
F Jones, Cal
F T Harris, Bakersfld
M M Garvln. Bakersfld
C Leidtrh. Ohio
W A Wllcox. D C
C E Horton. Reno
Mrs F Stevens, Detroit
J S Brown. WatsonvlU
W B Ellis & w. Oakld
DrLE Cross. Stocktn
E F Peart. Sacto
L Whirfleld. England
A C Rosendale, Pc Grv
PALACE HOTEL.
Z S Spaldlng, Paris
Miss Spaldlngr, Paris
R P Spaldlngr, Paris
L P Sanders & w, Mont
C P Monis. Texas
A F Kelly, Ohio,
C A Harrison, S Jose
W Raymond & w.Mass
J Leszlnsky, N Y
W P Pierce & w, N Y
Miss M Pierce, N Y
J H SIgel. N T
Mmi Melba. N T
Miss Mitchell, N Y
H R Shirley. N Y
Mrs E R Folsom, Hono
Mrs W T Knowlton,
Honolulu
T L Munns, Cleveland
J Ferguson, Cal
W H Hanson & w. Cel
J H Blackall. London
F B Kellogg, St Paul
W L Jones, Milwaukee
Ebert Sisters, Denver
Mrs J E Hopkins, Lond
Miss Hopkins. London
Miss D Smith. London
G O France. Los Ang
F B Webster.N Orleans
B Husted. N Y
A Xeckelman. Harnfcg
Easton & Eldxldge will auction off Lar
kin street and. Market street Investment
properties, 'Western Addition •flats, parlc
panhandle flats and lots in the Excelsior
Homestead and Market-street Homestead
Association tracts, on Tuesday, Novem
ber 20, at noon.
G. T. Wayman has sold the lot and im
provements on- the south line of Sutter
street, sixty-eight feet nine inches west
from Polk, for $23,000. The lot is 63:9 by
137:6. Tho building on it does not cover
all the frontage.
The Seattle Bulletin says that next
year will be one of the liveliest, in
a building way, in the history of Seattle.
Still the demand for eligible renting
properties in the bay cities is strong.
Rents have been raised in some instances.
Flats are going up in several localities, to
be rented. The same condition is notice
able across the bay. In Berkeley there
are not enough houses to go around.
The value of buildings and improve
ments for which permits were issued last
month was $390,000. Only one mechanic's
lien was filed during the entire month and
that was for the small sum of $78.
Clara E. Folger to Edward M. Dunbar. the
water lot on the southwest line of Main street.
137:6 feet northwest of Folsom, 45:10 by 137:6
feet. $20,000; E. A, Self ridge and wife to Ed
ward M. Dunbar, the fifty-vara lot on th«
southwest line of Beale street. 137 :« feet north
west of Harrison. 137:8 by 137:6 feet, $45,000;
Ban Francisco Savings Union to" Spencer C
Buckbee, northeast line of Fremont street.
85% feet northwest of Harrison, 62 by 137:4
feet. $65,000.
G. T. Wayman has sold th« northeast
corner of Minna and Shaw streets, 55x20
feet, for Dr. Jones to Robert Dalziel for
$10,000.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have sold, with
Hooker & Lent, the northeast corner of
McAllister and Lagoina streets, the lot be
ing 3Qxl00 feet, for $18,500. The seller is
George L. Payne and th« buyer Margaret
A. Skelley.
David Bush & Son have sold for Phil
lips & Vaohel, in the San Martin ranch.
Santa Clara County, 26.29 acres to Frank
Knipper and 10 acres to Mrs. D. Berry at
the rate of $100 per acre.
The Jacob Heyman Company reports
sales as follows: Lot and two cars on the
Ocean Beach to M. Morrigan for $600; also
three lots on Ninth avenue, west line, be
tween^ and C streets, 25x120 feet, for $SoO
each: also lot 25x100 feet, on the north line
of li. street, between Forty-seventh and
Forty-eighth avenue, for $350; also lot
23x96 feet on Roscoe street, near Crescent
avenue, for $250.
Thomas Denlgan will build six flats on
Katoma street. ~
Cordelia L.. Ford has purchased from
the estate of Celia Hagan property on the
north line of Sutter street, 103ft feet west
from Buchanan, S4:4^xl37:6'feet, $S0O0.
Joseph F., Maud Nolan and Thalia and
James P: Treadwell have sold to Fernan
do Nelson for $21,000 the property on the
east line of Hartford street, 96 feet north
from Eighteenth, and on the west line of.
Hartford street, 100 feet north from
Eighteenth. The frontage of the two
tracts is 563:1 feet.
The big lumber firm of C. A. Hooper &
Co., consisting of C. A. and George W.
Hooper, has purchased the Los Medanos
ranch, near Antioch. Baldwin & Howell
negotiated the deal. The price paid was
$175,000. The ranch contains about 8000
acres and is nearly all under cultivation
and rented to prosperous farmers. The
seller is the executrix of the L. L. Robin
son estate. The property adjoina Antioch
and has a frontage on the San Joaquin
River of nearly Bix miles. The Southern
paciflo Railroad and the Santa Fe line
both run through the ranch. C. A.
Hooper & Co. will establish a lumber yard
and planing mill on the water front of the
ranch. The sale is one of the most im
portant and the largest transaction in
country real estate made for a long time.
C A. Hooper & Co. will dispose of that
portion of the ranch not required for their
business in moderate size farms through
Baldwin & Howell.
The old buildings on the lot where the
new Calvary church will stand, at the
corner of Jackson and Flllmore streets,
will be moved oft. They are offered for
The Commercial block on California
street has its new stories added and work
men are hurrying to get it ready for occu-
TheAlvinza Hayward building on Cali
fornia- and Montgomery streets is up
seven stories. It will be eleven stories
The finishing of the interior of the Cus
tom-house at Portland will cost $95,993.
South line of Jessie street, between First and
Second. 28 by 87:8, $5500; flats and lot. 30 by
75, on the north line of Ellis street, between
Scott and Devlsadero, $4000; on the west line
of Steuart street, between Market and Mission.
20 by 45:10. for $1600; south line of •California
street, between Baker and Lyon, 25 by 137:6,
two flats, price $6150; north line of Clary street,
between Third and Fourth, 25 by 75, old im
provements, price $1650; 5 lots. Eighteenth
street, between Noe and Castro, 25 by 100, each
$1250.
The following sales have been made by
Messrs. Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co.:
Nathan and Lewis Dusenberry to Julius
Platshek, northwest line of Market street.
252:11% southwest from McAllister. $60,000;
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Ferdi
nand and Caroline Formhals, west line of
Dupont, 1 48 feet north from Filbert, $13,200;
Market Street Railway to Paul Boynton Chute
Company, leasehold interest In block bounded
by Haight. Waller, Clayton and Cole, $10,000.
Madison & Burke report the following
sales:
The loans have been Email, with few ex
ceptions. The Hlbernia Savings and Loan
Society has loaned $25,000 to the Catholic
Archbishop on property on the road
around Buena Vista Park, and on other
lots In that vicinity, for one year at six
per cent: Louisa M. Babcock has loaned
to Kate M. Fitzgerald $13,250 on property
on west line of Grant avenue, forty feet
north from Sutter street, forty-two by
thirty feet, for two years at six per cent.
The releases of greater Importance are
as follows:
Carthy, for granite and brick work In exterior
walls for building on the east line of Van Ness
avenue, south from Sutter, $2725; Maria J. and
J. C. Cebrian with Cahlll & Hall Elevator Com
pany, foV four hydraulic ram elevators for
building on northeast corner of Mission and
Fremont, $1640; F. A. and Mary Beretta with
L. Medes, all work for flve-room and basement
frame building on north line of Francisco. 12»
feet 'west from ¦ Mission, J1340; G. Talert with
Petterson & Persson, for one-story and base
ment brick building on east line of Ohio, south
from Broadway. J560O; Slg. Stern with Bush &
Mallett and J. R. Tobln for mosaic, tile, and
marble work for plastering, stucco work, pa
pier mache, etc., for two-story attic and base
ment building on Pacific avenue, east from Oc
tavla. $;625; Thomas G. Taylor with H. H.
Larson & Brother and Ralston Iron Works,
for iron work, etc., on four-story and basement
building on southwest lino of Beale. 229:2 north
west from Mission. 19169; Alfred Wartenweller
¦with Edward T. Leltter, fop\two-story frame
dwelling on the north line of Washington, 56
fe«t west from Baker, 17867; American Biscuit
Company with Thomas W. JButcher, brick and
stone work for an addition to buildings of said
company on the northwest corner of Broadway
and Battery. J3S0O; also same company with
the Ralston Iron Works, for additions to sam»
buildings, J3973; John T. Williams with Edward
Glnley, for two-story and basement frame
building on east line of Tenth avenue, north
from Clement, $3760; A. Merle with A. D.
Fcroggy and C. O. Gowing, for sandaton* fac
ing for nve-*tory building on south line of
Mission, west from First. $4150.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; NOVEMBER 5, 1900.
11
CAUL, CALENDAB.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
S.
M.IT.I
IW
T. I F. I S. | Moon'i Ptiw
r « s Fun Moon «
_^ W Kov«mt«r «.
*JL_L_i-_i_Li?Lrf7 Lm^ Qu«^t«r.
IT 12 13 14 13 16 17 , Wowmbw 13.
4^ K«w Moon.
18 19 » 11 U » M W November tL
jJ^- November 29,
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
TWO large sunny rooms upstairs, rear; JS. Ap-
ply 71SB Natoma St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109<
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore Bt.
ROOMS AXD DOARD.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
rison.
FURNISHED rooms with board, eaa and bath.
$18; gentlemen. 110^ McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 16&4 California st
WANTED by young; srentleman. furnished room
in refined German family north of Market,
eventually with board. Details box 67. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th,
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 14} 6th: phone Mint 45.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 20S Fourth.
BUTTER. 849 — Nicely furnished front room,
suitable for two; hot and cold water; private.
TURK, 126—1 furnished room, with closet and
running water; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
TURK. E29 — Large front room; running- water
and grate; al&o small single room; $5; bath.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTT.
tSSS and SSS7 Seventeenth St., near Junction of
Varket and Caftro rta.; this desirable business
property consists of store and rear cottage;
etreet accepted by the city: lot 50x100.
CHOICE MARKET-ST. IX>T.
Market St.. IC. line, near Church St.; lot SSx
126, Irregular; street bitumlnlzed and accepted
by the city.
Kor further partlcalars apply at oar office.
G. H. CMBSEN & CO.,
* 14 Montgomery st
ruaranteed by the California Title and Insur-
ance Co. : lot 2SxS0.
BOCTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
?! Morris ave.. b«t. Harrison and Bryant. Sth
and Cth sts.: improvements consist of S flats of
4 rooms each: rents $27 per month; cement side-
walk; street accepted; bank mortgage of $1250
at S per oent can remain.
Q. H. CMBSEN * CO..
1« MONTGOMERY STREET.
AUCTION!
AUCTION'!
AUCTION!
ADCTIOSI
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
At our Salesroom, Monday, November 5, WOO. at
12 O'clock Noon.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
v Partition Bale.
itvv. cor. Jackson and Drumm sts.; Improve-
ments consist of € etorei and lodging-house
rented to one tenant: J120 per month; lot 60x60.
HATES-ET. BUSINESS PROPERTT.
Administrator's Sale.
<-l aad 4£3 Hayes et.. near Octavla; flat of 5
rooms aad bath, coal yard and stable; rents $5S
P*r month: lot 25x120 to rear street; subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
An undivided half tnterest in the following 2
properties, subject to confirmation by tha court:
NO. L
Ml. «4S and US Haieht St.. S. line, near FUl-
more st.; S J-etory bay-window bouses of T
rooms a»* bath each; rents f75 per month; ce-
ment walks; street accepted; lot LOxlZO to rear
Rreet.
NO J.
Market rt.. 6. line. bet. Noe and Castro sts.;
this choice lot ls well situated and rapidly be-
coming choice business property: lot 2::10xl3L,
irregular.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
*I2» Graea st-. 6. line, near Flllmore st.:
rholc* modern residence cf 14" rooms and 3
rsths; commanding a marine view; lot £J:Sx
DCrWNTOIV?* INVESTMENT.
~. *? and ri Mary rt., near tth and Mission
rts.; I two-story houses of < rooms each: al-
w «-rs mited; rents $42 per month: with little
outlay these rents could be considerably Im-
proved; lot 40x76:8.
BRTANT-ST. INVESTMENT.
Rz and t cr-j Bryant St.. N. line, near >d st;
J flats of S rooms acd bath each: rents $18 per
month; street accepted; lot surveyed and title
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALES.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
¦WRITE J. W. HORN'. 611 Main st.. Petaluma,
for f re« copy Sonoma Co. bargains : new edition.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6589.
ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened Jl up;
palntln* done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
ALL the counties: free lists of farms and prop-
erty In bay cities for sale or exchange. 1L
GRIFFIN. 718 Market St.. r. 1. nr. Call bid*.
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
THE expressman who moved some furniture,
etc, for an aged lady from a housa ha vine
a high stairway on Utah St.. bet. lflth and
20th. on Baturday, Nov. >. at about 3 p. m.,
will please notify MRS. HANS OLSON at
the same place after 7 p. m.; reward offered.
SPECIAL NOTICES".
REAL ESTATE TO EICUASCa
NHT cottage. ( rrcs.. bath; lot SOxlOO; Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lets. 413 Kearny «L
EEKINS Van. and Storage Co.. 722 ailsslon st_;
tel. Main 1840; thlpplnc at cut rates.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOl'SES.
RATLBOAD TRAVEL.
¦ostuku fAciriu conrAsr.
(pacific sTsrax.)
Trains leave xu.l «r« tin* !• arrlv* at
HAJt KKiMIOtO.
(U»ia Line, Foot »f il*rk*<i Street)
tMATt — Fbom Qcroan L UCX — a Karri
•7iOOa. Benlda, Suisun, Elmlra. VtcarUle,
Euauej ul bMnmwto »7l41»»
*7i«Oa Shaata Express— DaTia, Williams (for
JSartleit String*), Willows. Ksd
Bluff, Portland. *7i43*
•7iS0a MarUues. Sao lUuion. V*lle]o. Napa.
CaiUtcga ami »»nt» Row *«lilSr
•SsOO* Davis, Woodl&od. KnlghU Landing.
MirjsfilK «»ro»Me. •7:I-Tr
•SiOOi Atlantic Kzpreas— Ofden aad East *12:<3r
•*:««4 NUes, Tr»ey. tathrcp, Stockton *D:I3a
•siUUa 8au Joae. Liieriuore. rtlockton,
lone, Sacramento. PlaerniUo.
M»n»«»i!l«. Chico. Ueil HlulT Milil»
•Sil»A Oakdale. Chinese, clonora. Carters... MHSf
•O:OO* Howards, Nllei aud Way nuiioui. *l li 4 J*
•M:«l» a Los Angele* Express — Martinez,
Tracj, Lathrop. Stockton, lloroed
Fmuo mill Lei Acj»!ea *~:V»»
•0:30a Tallrjo. Martinoz ami Way Stations »Oi4.1*
•10:00* Th" Overland Limited— Cgdea. £«.-
?er. Omaha. Chicago *Cs43»
•H:»0a KUes. Btoektoa. Hacrameato. Men-
dot*. Vtttaa, lUnford. Vtaailft.
PorteriiUe *4ilS»
•11:00a LlTermore, Banger. Goshtn Juno-
lion. Bakenfieid, Los Aiigelsa
¦I9)i*Om Hajwarda. Vl\e* and Way atalioaf . 'a: |.1»
tliilOp S»CTam«ulo Kl»e» 8te»m«n t3:00«
•3i«M>r Hajwarda. Nile* and Way Htationi. > 3il3r
M:oor Marttuex, Han lUmou, Yallejo,
Napa, CalhinK*. Hanta Itosa *Vil9a
MiOOf BtuleU. Winters, Baoranunta
Woo.lla.id, K nights Landloc.
M*r>>TllU. Oro»illa •¦•:4S*
MiSOr Nllea, Han Joae aud Btoektoo *7iI3»
•8iO«rTh« Owl Limited-Tracy. Fresno.
Bakenfield. .Saogui for aauU Bar-
bara, Los Anzslea, MOii.i*
••««»F Stockton •1>i-»a
•B'OOf New Orleans Rxpress— Bakersflald.
tiaula Barbara, Loa Angeles. Dem-
Ing. El r uo, how Oriaaus aud
East *7iM*
•StOOr Hay wards. Nllee-and San Jose *7<«34
t«:OOr Vailejo *iail3r
••¦OOr Oriental Mall-OgJen. Cheyenne.
Oaaoa, Chicago •«2il!i*
•OiOOr Oriental Mail-Ogdon, Dearer,
Omaha. Chieafo *<lsl3r
•Tr*** KU«v Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.... Ma»»a»
•7i»Of Oi<jii ud CaltturuU UzpreM.Hao-
ntuieuto, Mu-jarille. lUiMTng,
1'urtUuil. Pngel Houml ami Kaat *8i13a
JSiOSr Vallnjo, Pork CeiU and Wsj 8ta-
Mops HliO«»
COAST IHVISIO1 (."farron »aa s e).
(Tout of Market 3treet.>
*8tl9A Newark, C«iitartllle,8ao Jose, ITslton,
Boulder Creek. 8auu Crui and Ws»
Hutluna •«¦»••
t*U»r Ke>ut, Centervllle. Bau Joae, Ni>«
Almailen, Feltou, Doolder Creek.
Btnta Ciuj and Frinclpal Wsj
Stations t<tl««4
•wilSp Newark, Haa Jo«e. Loa Oatoa •SiOOa
«] li-i.tr Bnntan* Exounloo, Baa Josa and
i WayBtationa f7««O»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
fnasis ruscisca— . r Mt «r *mu Uuk. isiuS)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00A.M. 11:03 *a:03 tS:CI
•t:C3 J3:S3 *(:33p.m.
rr*a0iIUI>— Fs«l •fBrMlw.T.— '6:00 8:6* 10.00*. m.
112:03 *l:03 12:03 «3:03 1t:C3 «3:C3r.M.
COAST DIVISION |l>ro».l<;a» s r,.
(Third >i ** Townsemi SU.)
'?*!•* Ocean View, Soath San Franotaoo.. Tki**w
*Ti«Oa 8an Joae and *7ay HUtluiis (New
Almader Wedneidajs oulj). *liSOt
*ffiOOA Baa Joaa, Tres Pluos. Hm.ta Cms,
Paclllc Oriira. I'aao Itoblea, baa
I.ula OliUpo, Surf. Loaapoo and
Principal Wn Statiuba Mil**
•lOtiai Ban Jose ami Vf\j Htatlons... *«iS.1a
*IIi>Oa 8an Jots anj Wa- Stations *3<307
tai I5r San Mateo, Redwood, Henlo Park.
Palo Alto. Banta Clara. Han Jose.
Trea Pinos. Santa Crux. h»h*»»t_ •
Moateray&nd 1'aolOo <iro»B flOiSfla
IStSOr 8an Jess and Way Stations *7:30r
fl:ISr SsnJoseand Principal Way Ststioas "J:I3»
t3:OOr8aa Jose, Los O*tos snd Prlaeipal
W»r Stations t»iO«»
•S:3l»r SauJoieaud Principal Way Stations *•¦«•%»
•niMrStuJoKiad Way Stations t»i«o»
«lli«lr San Jcsaand Way Stations *7i8»i>
A for lioruing P for Afternoon. ~~
•Daily. _ t huuday ezeepted. 1 Suadar only.
a 3tlmd»t onlr-
CALffOKNU NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.'
L.ESSEH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIHC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibcron Ferry, Foot of Market St
SAN KBANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »^0. 11:00 a. m.: ttiSS.
S:30. 6:10, «:30 p. m. Tliur»<laT»— Extra, trio
at 11:30 o. m. . Saturdays— Extra tripa at 1:»
and 11:30 r. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. U:M a. m.: 1:30. 1:30.
5:0O. <:1O v. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAM TRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:10, T:». »:». 11:10 a. m.: 11:0.
1:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra tripa at .
1:55 and 1:85 o. jn.
BUNDATB— 3:10, t:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:49. l:UK
8:05, t:Z5 p. m.
Between Ean lYaocdsco and Bolmatsan Park.
same schedule aa abort*.
Lear* j In Erect. I Arrlr»
Ban Franelseow [Apr. U. 1900.1 San Franelseav
"Week I Bun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. ( days, f DesUnatlon.] days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 im Norato. 10:40 am »:40ara
1:30 pra 8:30 am Petaluma. «:06 pm 10:18 ara
8:13 pm »:00 pm Santa Rosa. IM pm • JO pm
Fulton.
1:30 am - Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburg*.
Lytton.
Oeyserrllla.
t:30pm 8:00 am Clovsrdala. 7:SS pm 6:30 pm
7:33 ami • I Hopland I |19:2S ara
8:80 pm| 8:00 amf and Ufclan. | 7:35 pml «:20 pra
7:30 ami {10:25 am
I i:00 am Oaerneville. 7 JS pin
t:30pm{ «:»pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Bonoma 9:13 am S:<0 am
and
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. »:05 pm »:») pnt
T:30am] 8:00 ami 110:40 am!10:» ana
3:30 pml 8:00 pm| Sepaatopol. | 7:85 pm| »:IQ pm
Etajtea connect at Banta Rosa for Mark West
Eprirt*s and White Sulphur Spring*: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyserrllle for SkacKS Sprines; at Clov»rrl«!»
lor the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Sprtnp. Kelseyvllla. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Spring*; at Cktah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. RlvenMa, Llerley's. BacknelVs.
Banhedrin Reights. Hullvtlla. Orr*s Hai
Sprlncs, Mendocino City. Fort Bra«?. West-
port tJsal. Willlts. Laytonville. Cummins,
Ball's Spring*. Harris. Olsttn'a. Dyer, Scot!*
and Eureka.
Eaturiay to Monday round trip ticista at
radoced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all pctetst
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket office*, «30 Market at., Chronicle bld&,
M. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
Crensral Maaa««r t Crea. P*»s. Aiwt, .
5anta Fe
.Trains— o a "y
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. San rraaclaoo. t:00 a m 4:10 » ml 1:00 p m
Arr Btocktoa !>:» p m 7:1S 5 m 11:05 p m
" Merced ...«•... 8:43 P m — — 1:1S a m
» S&Vno ...U1J 4:20 p m 1:05 a ra
« Vtsolla ........ «:00 p m 4:50 a m
'•• Tnlar* t:npm 8:10 am
- ftanford s:» p m 7:0« a m
•• Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p m I:» a n
•• Denver 10:00 a m '
M Kansas Clty.~ »:« P m
** Chicago 7:40 am
* t a. m. train ls the Overland Express. Cocra-
fpqnding- train arrives at 6 p. ra. dally.
4:10 p. m, ls Stockton Local. Correapoodms
train arrives U:C5 a. m. dally. -.
1:00 p. m. ls Fresno and Bakersfiald gxurraa.
with Bleeping Cars for both cities. Corrwpcnd-
teg train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OKKICES-<41 Market st. and In Ferry D»pc4»
g.n yr^nctyw; 1^18 proadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WKKK DAYS... .9:15 a. m. : 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS «:0O. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare. Ean Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. «a Market »t.. Saosallto Ferry:
f Cr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mi+miufh 'JS*'* KEA8.1CI NT. Kstaollsbed
WMPsa In 1SS4 lor the treatment ol Frlvata
|j» I \ 4fHf Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
t£"«f*£>#5>]lk disease rearing ou bodyaad mind aad
VKiS&ftSa " slcln Dt*ea«ea. Tht doctorcureswhen
jjaBgaJUCSa others lalL Try him. Chargw low
TH&fi&J «'nre»gnarant»e.1. CallorwrlM.
Or. Jt *'. »«iiJB«.>, Uui 1937tSaa rtMOdaa*
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
van*. Tenth and Market: phone South 761.
PACIFIC Btoraire and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlmore et.; phone Jackson Z1L
BOUGHT and sold; new and second hand; large
dlfplay; very ciwap. 827 Market, room 22&
MACHINES
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery Bt
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OFFICE of the engineer. Twelfth Lighthouse
District. Ean Ftanctaco. Cal.— Proposals will
be received at this offlce until 12 o'clock
noon, on Friday, November SO, 1900, and then
opened, for the rental of Ban Clemente Isl-
and, Los Angeles County, Cal. (reserved b/
Presidential order aa a lighthouse reserva-
tion), for a period of five years. Informa-
tion and blank forms of proposals may be
had at this office. CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS,
Major, Corps Engineers, U. B. A., Ea-
Kineer Twelfth Lighthouse District.
GOOD houeea. Get list from GEO. W>AUS-
TIN A CO., 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND I ¦tUXiTUlE FOR SALE.
.-«.N Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
meAVOY «fc' CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1223 Market st. between «th and 9th.
. Telephone South 247.
NEW ARLINGTON 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OAK. 88S— Larre front room: nicely* furnished;
private family; gas and bath; cheap.
MISSION. 1061— Nice eunny room for house-
keeping; also *lnele; reanonable price.
MIFSION. 1121— Newly renovated eunny front
roome; single or housekeeping.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and » Fifth st. Tel. South 1S7.
ICNESAL DIEECT0R3 AND EHBALHEB3
Finest* Equ'--nent at Moderate 'Rates.
MISSION, 654, near Third— Front sunny room
for gentleman; reasonable.
MINNA, C$7. cor. Sth— Newly furnished bay-
window room,_ Jl per week; transient.
MINNA. 237— Rooms SI 25 per week upward- 25
cent* per night; centrally located.
(Successor to Flanna*an & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mar.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
MARKET. 1O72H. nrf 7th— Lane front rnnrr,
unfurnished: ha, been uaea^oVphSf.tSSS*-
would do for builness or workroom- also
neatly furnished front rooms and suite from
$6 to «lo. «,
LAS PALM AS, 1S20 Market ft.-8ulte cf J cr 2
rmt.: private; bath; .In. rms.; board optional!
"gs^^i^as saa* ¦—* »-«
WS^SfffT 9 rurnlshea room for geDl:
GR £ N Sr. E ? UTlIERN - •ou^heaat corner Seventh
«E,ii. t S^ n ,« t8 --««"5ny rooms, en suite or
nngle. ladlps parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GEARY. Ml (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms: tu;tf» or *inrrle; travelers accommodated.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CA DCS 12 First Class. Including Berth
Iri li L 58 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nor. 4. 14, 24, Dec. 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. », 19. 29
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East
B. C. WARD, General Arent.
630 Markat street.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. .
SS. HONGKONG SIARU
— Tuesday. November 13. 1900
S3. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December •, 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 29, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Ronnd-trla tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent. .
AMERICAN LINE.
HIW YORK. 80UTHAMPT01!r. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg-, westbound.
From New York Every *Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Nov. 14|Bt. Louis Dec 5
New Tork Nov. 21|New York Dec. 12
Bt. Paul Nov. 2S St. Paul Dec. 19
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark Nov. 14|NoordIand Dec C
Westernland ...Nor. 2llFrlesIand Dec. 12
Kensington Nov. 28 Southwark Dec. la
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
OCEANIC 8.8. CO.-HONOLTTLU, APIA
AUCKLAND ANI> SYDNEY.
S3. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti ~.
Thursday, November L 4 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Saturday, November 10, J p. m.
SS. 8IERRA. for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. November 21. 9 p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market SI
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SI Freight Office. 327 Market St
COKPAONIS GENERAL? TRAN3ATLANTIQU2.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. _-—^
Saillnz every Thursday, Instead of <Tjrf^
Saturday, from November 2, 1S33, at «J*«ff*»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE, Nov. 8. First-
class to Havre, $35 and upward. Second class
to Havre. 1 13 50 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUQAZI & CO., Paclfio Coast
A rent*. 6 Montgomery avemi". San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS."
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD and VALLEJO
Steamer " Montlcello."
HON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days,. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. n.. Landing: and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier Xo. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE : ,T. BOO
« BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September to, 1M0.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WKKK DAYS— «:55. *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. *1:43
»:«, 4:00. 5:1J, *6:1S. 1:40 p. tn.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and 6aa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays aad Satur-
days at 8:00 and 11:33 p. ra. ...
BUNDATB-«S:0O, n0:00.. 11:10 a," ra_ mil
IMS. H:45. «:S0. »:00 p. ra.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.*
WEEK DAYS— «:2S. M:S0, 7:45. 1:20 a. m,.
•1J:3O. 1:45. •3:*>. 4:80. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wadaaadays
and Saturdays at t:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:30. 'SiOO. «10:00, *U:« a. n..
«l:40. *t:lb. 4:4J, •«:» p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Qutntln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:43. «:45. 7:M. 9:30 a. nv.
12:i5. M0. 3:S0, 4:54. 5:20 p. m. -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturday* at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:06. 10:08 a. m.. 12:06. 1:15. 8:30.
•:00. «:46 p. m. -* **
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:65 a. m. week day*— Caxadero and way at*,
ttona.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — TomaUs and war sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— To males and way sta<
GEARY. 1127— Eunny newly furnished; en suite.
hot, cold water; phone; steam heaters.
FOLPOM. SSS, cor. Cth (The Oliver)— New fur-
nlfhM sunny rm«.. single, suites; reasonable
ELL1P. 70i-Newly furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonabl*; u*e of piano.
EDDY. i;t>A— Suite of rooms; sunny; nicely
furnished; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furn:»h^d eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 711— Newly furnished rooms;
double and alngie: *1 25 to it a week; tran-
ricot; light housekeeping.
lit'SH. 630 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms.. $1 SO to J7
week; 25c to $1 60 nicht. MRS. P. RANFT.
BURNETT. U2S Market (old No. 1864)— Fur-
nished rrr.s. suites, single; also unfurnished.
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth— Kooma lac
to Jl per nisht; }1 'JS to 15 per week, and light
houtekeepicj; cpen all r.Ight.
nOOMS TO Li:T Forn. and I'nfnrn.
A HRANCH oTflce for Call advertisements and
Fufcscrlrtions has been eet&bliehed at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
CLASSIFIED cdverti^ments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 7200 Flllmore st.
THE BELLEVUE. ZZZ Van Ness— Nicely fur-
nished suite, kltrhen. complete hskpg. ; ref.
THKEE furnished rooms for housekeeping In
private family. Call S56 Birth St.
I'OINT LOBOS ave , 2120—3 sunny furnished
rootnji; housekeeping; 510; no children.
FEVEXTEEXTH. 32DS, near Mission — Two
housekeeping room*; moderate.
NATOMA. 7C1— Nice sunny housekeeping room;
rran and wife; rent low.
MARTHA pi., S, off Geary, near Mason— Sunny
housekeeping rmi>. ; also others; reaeonabla.
LliROY place. 111, off Sacramento, near Jones
—3 pleas&nt sunr.y housekeeping rms.: cheap.
HYDE. 40S— Sunny front alcove suite, complete
for hous-ektering. tZO: also other suite, $17.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:20 o'clock, from the College
Chapel of Notre Dame. Dolores street. In-
terment Holy Croes Cemetery.
DOHERTY— In Cuba, Phillip A. Doherty,
brother of Sarah. John, Thomas, William and
Frank Doherty and Mrs. F. J. Harrington of
Mexico, a native of Grass Valley, Cal.
FORTUNE— Busan May, youngest daughter of
Mary and th» late James A. Fortune, a native
of San Francisco. . .
tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), from her late residence, thence to
'St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated, beginning at 9:30
o'clock.
GARRITT— In the City and -County Hospital,
November 3, 1900. Patrick Garrtty, a native of
Ireland, aged 67 years.
GIBSON— In this city. November 3, 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of George E. Gibson, a native of
Freeport, Me., aged 68 years. (Lewlston and
Norway, Me., papers please copy.)
GRAUERHOLZ— In this city. November 4. 1900,
Adele dearly beloved wife of Henry J. Grau-
erholz. mother of George. Irma and Infant son
Grauerbolz, daughter of George and Mar-
Earethe Bruns, and sister of Mrs. Sophie
Heneken. Mrs. H. G. Schubert and Miss
Emma Bruns. a native of San Francisco, aged
81 years 1 month and 17 days.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at J o'clock, from St. Markus
German Evangelical Lutheran Church. OTar-
rell street, between Franklin and Gough. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
|C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the psrlors of Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth
street, Oakland.
BUCKLEY-In this city, November 3, 1500. at
the College of Notre Dame, Sister Mary of
the Nativity, and beloved sister of Cornelius
and Dennis Buckley and Sister Anne Joseph-
' lne of Notre Dame College, San Jose, a na-
tive of Ahtna. County Cork. Ireland, aged 25
years.
tC7Interment private.
BRANDON— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the lat* Margarett Brandon, beloved wife
of E. J. Brandon, at St. Rose's Church, to-
morrow (Tuesday), commencing at 9 o'clock.
Friends aj-e respectfully Invited to attend.
BROSNAN— In Oakland. November 2, 1900,
Dennis Brosnan. uncle of Michael and Ellen
Collins, a native of Scartaghan, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 60 years.
ADAMS— In East Las Vegas. N. Mex.. Her-
man Adams, beloved fath-r of Isaac Adams,
a native of Germany, aged 77 years.
BDTHIN-In this city, November 4, 1900, Edith
W. Bothin. daughter of Henry E. and Jennie
Whittier Hot h in. aged 8 months and 13 days.
Gibson, Mary Roedde. Annie
Orauerholz. Adele Smith. W. Frank
Hur*nt. Louis G. Tarbox. Mary J.
Huber, Louisa J. Welcker. William T.
Mahlke. Catherine G.
DIED. v
Adams, Herman Mervy, Agnes E.
Bothin. Edith W. Moore. Miss Nellie
Brandon. Margarett Nelll. Sarah
Brotnan, Dennis Newhall, Margaret J.
Buckley. Sister Mary Olsen. Ulga C.
Doherty. Phillip A. Piant. Rose E.
Fortune, Susan M. Price, Lizzie B.
Garrity. Patrick Reddy, Agnees
FIFTH. K3— I furnished housekeeping, connect-
inc. {14; also 2. $12; mjto hall rooms. U to $5.
HARRISON. 731— Thru rooms; furnished com-
plete fcr housekeeping; la_rce yard; rent $13.
furnished rooms; light housekeep'g if desired.
CLARA. S2— Housekeeping rocras to let; 3 or
4 rooms.
ROOMS FOR HOUSlillvCEPIAa.
EARTLETT, 424 — Four large completely fur-
nished rooms en first floor; gas; bath; fine
house; large yard; iZl.
SCHUSSLER-GOTZEL-In New York. Novem-
ber 4, 1S00, Toby 6chussler and Selma Gotzel
of Vienna.
BROWN— SULLIVAN— In New Tork. October
22. 1900. by the Rev. Father Duffy, William
MAREIED.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either- of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Ccon.). A dividend. No. 23, of seventy-
five cents <7Ec) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company haa been declared pay-
able at the cff.ee of the company, 430 Cali-
fornia street, San Francisco, on November
19. 1900. Transfer books close November 3,
1S00. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Seoretary.
NEW {-room Colonial house; modern bath;
pastry, on g-ood street; Z minutes to R. R.
sta.: 14 bl^ck to electric cars; near school*,
churches end stores: trice $2000; $100 cash,
lal. JTO monthly. OHLLEEICH & PERKINS.
Lrin Station. Berkeley.
rnrrrvALE real estate.
SMALL chicken ranch for sale; bargain. In-
quire P. NIELSEN. Grocer. Fruitvale.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DVriDEN^^'otlce^Dlvldend~No] 21 (thirty
cents i»?r share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company. 827 Market st., en and after
Saturday, November 10, ISO. Transfer hooks
closed on Saturday. November S, 1900, at 13
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
4 LARGE room bay-window cottage: 7 ft. base-
mer.t: fine well. pump. barn, flower garden;
electric cars puss door; 3 blocks from R. R_
eta. : let 47x123; price $1499; $;oo cash. bal. $15
monthly. OELLERICH~& PERKINS. Lcrin
Station. Berkeley.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3300 WILL buy a choice new house of I rooms;
half cash. Owner. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^ONVl[N~TTPE\VRITER&^We
tell better machines for less money than any.
house In the city; rentals, JJ. The Typewriter
Exchange. ESS California; telephone Main 264.
::2tO — AUCTION price; finest modern (•room
rottaar« in Alameda: perfect plumbing ; tin*
location; 2 blocks from station & high school;
(a:r terns. A. G. Bums. 1SC1 Park, Alameda.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
kk. wharf, Ean Francisco:
»4T>-w_ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
K?JsSfc». NoT - 2 - 7> 12 - "• 22 - n « Dec - 2 -
PJ^KSJ*^. Change to company's steamers
fil^5jNJ§a§ For Victoria, Vancouver (B»
IS^tVjRKSai c -)> Port Townsend, Seattle.
i f^H^aaB Taeoma, Everett. Anacortes
"*«MmSS| and New 'Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m., Nov. 2. 7. 12, 17. 22.
27. Dec. 2, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaeka and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Taeoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Hay — 3 p. m.. Nor. 4.
9. 14. 19, 24, 29, Dec. 4 and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a. m..
Nov. 1, 6. 9, 13, 17. 21. 25, 29, Dec. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huaneme. San Pedro.
East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles> and Newport — 9
a. m., Nov. J, 7, 11. 15. 19, 23. 27, Dec L and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th« right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
(E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, front the Commercial
Hotel, thence by 11 o'clock creek boat, foot,
of Market street, to Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
MOORE— In this city, November 4, 1900, Miss
Nellie Moore, a native of Virginia City, Nev.,
aged 17 years 3 months and 2$ days.
NEILL— In this city, November 4. 1900, Sarah,
beloved wife of the late James Neill. and
mother of Samuel Nelll and Mrs.. P. Daly, a
native of County Donegal, Ireland.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 696 Bush street, thence to Bt. Mary's
Church (PaullstJ. corner of Grant avenue and
California street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
NEWHALL— In this city, November 8, 1900,
Margaret J. Newhall, wife of the lat« Henry
M. Newhall, and mother of Henry G., W.
Mayo, Edwin W., Walter 8. and George. Ai-
mer Newhall, a native of Indiana.
ETTuneral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, from her .late residence. 1259 Van
Ness avenue. Interment private.
OLSEN— In tills city. November 4. 1900, Ulga
Charlotta, beloved daughter of Lewis E. and
Julia Olsen, and sister of Llllle and Walter
Oleen, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months and 11 days.
PIANT— In this city, November S. 1900. Rose
Emma, beloved wife of F. F. Plant, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 43 years and 2 months.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 616 Octavla street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
PRICE-In this city, November 4, 1900, LoMio
B. Price, beloved daughter of F. J. and Ann
Murray, and sister of Eugene and the late
Walter T. Murray, Mrs. M. Mountain of
Portland, Or., and Mrs. Frank Holbrook, a
native of San Francisco.
ETTtiends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),- at 12:30 o'clock, from her lata
residence, ll>j Folsom avenue, off Folsom
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street, for
services at 1 o'clock. - Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
REDDY— In this city. November 4. 1900, Agness
Reddy. beloved sister of Anne Gannon, a na-
tive of County Sligo, Ireland, aged 6J years
and 6 months. ,
[C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to 8t. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROEDDE— In-this city. November 8, 19O> Annie
Roedde, a native of Plumaa County? Cal.
SMITH-In this city. November 2. 1800. W.
Frank, beloved son of Grace and the late
Pethuel Smith, and brother of Charles and
Henry Smith, Mrs. Frank Smith and Theresa
Schiller, a native of San Francisco, aeed 27
years 10 months and 17 days.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 1304 Shotwell street, thence to
St. Peter's ¦ Church, where, a requiem high
mars will b» celebrated- for .the repose of his
eoul at 9 o'clock. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TARBOX— In 8an Jose. November 4, 1W0. Mary
J. Tarbox. a native of Sudbury, Mass.
E7F"uneral services at her late residence,
64 Sunol street, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock. Private Interment Wednesday at
. Masonic Cemetery, San Francisco.
WELCKER— At his residence. 2244 Bancroft
way, Berkeley, Cal., November 8, 1800, Wil-
liam T. Welcker, a native of Athens, East
Tennessee, aged 70 years 4 months and 10
days.
(CTThe funeral will talc* place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S o'clock, from St. Mark's
Church, Bancroft way, near Ellsworth street,
Berkeley. Interment private.
HARANT— In Guaymas," Mexico. November 8.
1900, Louis O. Harant, beloved son of Mrs.
Helolse Coutoleno of Santa Barbara, aged 14
years.
HUBER-In this city, November 4.. 1900, Louisa
• Josephlna Huber, dearly beloved daughter of
Theodore and Adelheid Huber, and sister of
Johnnie, Joe, Christina and Lena Huber, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 month and
18 days.
MAHLKE— At rest, in this city. November I.
1900, Catherine Grace, dearly beloved wife of
Louis Mahlke, and mother of Annie, Marie,
Louise and Ida Mahlke, a native of New-
York.
Gone but not forgotten.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:80 o'clock, from the residence,
813 California street.
MERVY— In this city. November ». 1900. Agnes
E.. beloved wife of Dr. E. C. Mervy, a na-
AUCTION SALES
O'FARRELL. 224— Nicely furnished front suite;
also other eunny rooms. .
ROEEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25o to Jl. week Jl 23 to J4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to Jl 60; week. S3 to
JS; month, JS to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
BUTTER, 8230— Front room, rrate, closet; use
of bath; 1 or I men; rent $8.
No. 1(11 Vallejo st., between Van Ness avo.
and Franklin at.. I will sell a complet* con-
tractor's outfit, consisting of 23 head of horsea
and mares, sand wagons, dump carts, harness,
tools, eta, etc: also 1 zino lined scavenger
cart and 1 phaeton. This sale is peremptory.
3. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
£* £a» £a»
THIS DAY.
MONDAT November 5
At 11 a. m., on tho sremlses.
SLOTSwim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best in city. •
Boys— Clarence Aelled Fay, Louis Aloyslua
Bobbins, Samuel Joseph Robblns, James Tur
ner, Francis Joseph Trainor,. Thomas Stephen
Henry, James Joseph Klerney, Henry Murphy,
Timothy Fogarty. Andrew Victor Bruzzone,
Frank John Joseph Curran, John William Mc-
Carthy, Edward Raymond Herold, Arthur An
drew Barricks, Walter Peter Zimmerman,
Thomas Ignatius Udell. Edward Joseph McDer
mott, James Joseph Murphy, Joseph Hugh Kee
nan William Joseph Carden, George James
Connelly, Charles Raymond; Joseph Keane,
Harold Vincent Descalso, Robert Francis
Brady, Francis Meagher de Sales Rodgers,
Francis James Corrigan, John Anthony Mlskel,
James Emmet, Joseph Foley. Eugene John
Beymour, Joseph Burton Dryden,* James Mc-
Namara. John Aloysius Connor, George Jo
seph Carr, Arthur Aloysius Cooney. ¦; Ferclval
William Raggett, Joseph John O'Keefe, Julian
Aloysius Tormey, Edward John Hansen, Mich
ael Joseph Lawley. John Edward Feeney, Rob
ert John McCloskey, Stanley John Owens, Leo
Aloysius Murphy, . Richard Patrick Wlndel,
George Bartholomew Murphy, Edward -Aloy-
Blus Stock, Osmund Vlncon Kramer, George
Matthew Hearst, Fred Vincent Klenck, Ray
mond James Gallagher, Eugene Anthony Dock
ery. Vincent Francis Long, John Crawford, An
thony • Carroll, Robert Edward ;Lee, Francis
Kane. Raymond Paul Merkle, Francis Gregory
O'Connell, Francis Matthew Kramer, Arthur
Ignatius O'Connell.' Vincent Aloysius Thomas,
Victor Ignatius Boor, Thomas Aloysius . Con
ner, Patrick Joseph Deasy, Walter Ignatius
Descalso. Adrian Charles McDougaU, James
Peter McElroy, Armon Peter -Wllllts, Elmer
John Anthony Gallagher,' Milton Bernard Mora-
Solemn benediction was then celebrated
by Father Scanlan, at the close of which
his Grace made a strong appeal in the
cause of temperance, and at his request
all the boys stood up and took the League
of the» Cross pledge to abstain from ail
alcoholic liquors and not to enter a sa
loon before they become 21. The follow
ing were confirmed:
My Dear Children: It is. a very pleasing sight
to me to see such a large class for confirmation,
and I do hone that this is a day that will be
never forgotten by you all. I want to impress
on all parents to lead Christian lives. If your
children see you going to communion, if they
rnse that you love and respect your religion,
they will also grovr up good ' Catholics. The
way to live a holy life is by copying some one
as an example. What life can we better at
tempt to live up to than that of our blessed
Lord. I confirmed a large class this morning,'
and how I wish and do hope that all the chil
dren I confirm to-day will grow up good- and
stanch Catholics, and thus be a strong support
to our holy church.
At 4 o'clock his Grace, attended by
a large number of the prominent clergy
of the city, entered the sanctuary. The
service commenced by the congregation
singing the "Venl Creator." The chil
dren then approached the rail and rever
ently kneeling, were anointed by his
Grace, who was attended by Fathers Mul
ligan and Cullen. As tne last child re
turned to its seat the Archbishop was
relieved of his crozier, mitre and copt.
He then made the children the following
short address:
His Grace Archbishop Riordan con
firmed a large class of boys and girls
In Sacred Heart Church at 4 o'clock yes
terday afternoon. At the time appointed
for the administering of the sacred sacra
ment the edifice was crowded to the doors
by the parents and friend3 of the chil
dren, who were anxious to witness the
solemn ceremony.
Many Little Ones Confirmed
by Archbishop Riordan'
at Sacred Heart.
ARE RECEIVED
INTO THE FOLD
OF THE MASTER
I Girls — Agnes Mary Krlmphaff. Gertrude Ver
onica Donavan, Margaret Bernardette Mc-
Glade, Mary Gertrude Josephine Black, Louise
Frances Storer, Teresa Mary Maguire, Jlary
Frances Humphries, Mary Burnadette Johnson,
Adele Cecilia Aurlgny. Leonle Gertrude Roh
mer, Agnes Amelia McMahon, Anna Loretta
Harrlsman, Irene Geraldlne Downs, Mabel
Agatha Chase. Mary Margaret Merle, Harriet
Clair Chick, Ethel Cecilia Harrlsman, Mary
Imelda Peterson. M. S. Cecilia Burns. Eliza
beth Evlyn Cecelia Grave, Catherine Agnes
Storer, Helen Jane Mabel Tercavlch. Agnes
Ethel Davis, Anna Madeline Lawler, Mary Ce
celia Daly, Adele Frances Brady. Agnes Cath
erine Waters. Josephine Cecilia Marinl, Mary
Ann Veronica Doherty, Gertrude Mary Agnes
Wiseman." Julia Veronica Donlgan. Genevleve
Imelda . Borar, Maud t Concillo Kllcommon,
Beatrice Mary Calombinl. Marian Philomena
Johnson, t Alice Annunclata McCarry, f Anna
Imelda Robinson, Mary Gertrude Cooper, Clara
Gertrude Yeongeault. Mary Elizabeth Gaffney.
Anna Bernardette Ileydenrlch, Ellen Margaret
PItrlcevlch. Margaret Elizabeth O'Neill, Cath
erine Teresa, Mclaughlin. Teresa Cecilia Va
hey. Louise Francisca Ratto. Albtna Augustine
Wallace, Florence Burnadette Agnew, Clar
inda Maria Agnes Ragglo, Margaret Mary Ver
onica Conroy, Irene Agnes Glover, Margaret
Veronica Connahan. Mary Anna Spiegel. Emi
lia Francesca Zabaldano. Charlotte Cecilia
Walker, Irene Cecilia Theil, Cecilia Elizabeth
Nichols, Mary Ellen Veronica Eager, Mary
Magdalene Fitzgerald, Annie Elizabeth Mc-
Laughlln, Lucy Gertrude Mlnone, Ellen Maria
Engelke, Mary Assumpta MeFadden, Ella Con
ception Gaflney. Gertrude Veronica Donavan,
Elizabeth Josephine Flllp, Margaret Bernar
dette McGInde. Josophlne Black. Louise Frances
Storer. Teresa Mary Maguire. Mary Frances
Humphries; Mary Burartette Johnson. Adele Ce
cilia Aurlegny. Leonie Martha Elizabeth Fran
ces Klerce, Charlotte Elizabeth Ryan, Eliza
beth Josephine Green. Ana Gabriel Hodge,. Rose
Veronica Wilson, Mary . Margaret Finnlgan,
Alice Emelda Garrick. Mary Gertrude Frances
Murphy, Gertrude Claire Cornlps, Catherine
Emelda PettlngiH. Mary Agnes Teresa Jones.
Mary Jane Cecilia Glanettonl. Anna Agnes
Frances Renner, Jane Clair McCormick, Rose
Mary Willlg.' Hazel Frances Imelda Gies, Jane
Magdalene. Wllllg. Alice Margaret Burke. Ger
trude Agatha Donohue, Josephine Elizabeth
Robblns, Anne Catherine Gleason. Mary Ger
trude Garrett, Isabel Clara Jones, Irene Imelda
Ritchie. . Mary Elizabeth Roach. Ethel Caro
line Schage, Elvlda Elizabeth Antonovich, Car
oline Mary . Schander, Alice Anna Messmer,
Dorothy Francesca Eager and Ethel Veronica
Hynes.
mlck, Henry Ignatius Murray, Carl Joseph
Steffen, William Joseph Bowen and Andrew
Thomas Freese.
Boys— Robert Alfred Donovan, Robert Claude
Avy, Augustln Anthony Hulter. Frank Bertrand
Sllva, William Terence •Brower. John Joseph
O'Brien, Edward Joseph Barth, Clifton Joseph
Catania, Edwin Joseph Bartram. James -Ah
drew McGough, William John Cooper, David
Lawrence Ryan, Gerald Henry Catania. < Wil
liam Walter Gunn. Phillip Griffith Carroll.
Chester Arthur Lynch, George Th»maa Francis
Vahey, Edward Bernard Freese. Charles Jo
seph Houlten, Mathew Edward Shea. • James
Joseph Brady, Frank Joseph Davener, Walter
William DrasslI, Arthur Anthony Auregery,
John Aloysius Hayes. 'Emmet Beuker. Wil
liam Thomas Carr, David Emmet Geary. W'l
11am Francis Kelly, John Joseph MoFadden,
John Francis Gorman, William Aloyslus Her
bert, Anthony Peter Paul Mortola, Edward
Paul Pendergast. Joseph Arthur Sllva, • Leo
Ignatius St. Amant. Robert James McGUl.
William Ignatius Waters. Edward Bernard
Hannlgan. Mortimer Francis Roach, Joseph
Michael Flynn, Walter Gerald Eager. John Jo
seph McGlade. Maurice Joseph Selna. Walter
Joseph Bloomfleld. James Thomas ¦ Kearney,
John Berkery Ferguson, William Edward Aloy
sius Ryan, Thomas Sarsfleld O'Connell. Daniel
Joseph McKenna, John Joseph Fagen, James
Francis Shea, George Aloysius Duddy, Edward
Phillip Garrlgan, Edward John Shea, John- Jo
seph Carr, Iceland Francis Coogan. Joseph Au
gustus Steffln. James Joseph Clancy, William
Clarence Vahey, Edward Aloysius Geary,¦¦Al
bert ' Joseph Glannottl, John Joseph Bowen,
Patrick Henry O'Hara, David Charles Aregger,
Walter James Rlgney. . James Matthew Han
nlgan, Eugene Leo Aureguy. James Charles
Syme. John Aloyslus Storer, John Joseph Kelly,
Domingo Edward Alves, Walter Joseph Glover,
Arthur Theobald Johnson/ Michael John Crow
ley, Richard Francis Murray, Francis Joneph
de Andrles, Lawrence James Garrlgan, Victor
Francis de Andrles. William Francis Geary,
Michael Joseph McMahon, Stephen Ignatius
Sullivan, George Louis McMahon.' Frank
Charles Shea." Anson William St. Amant, Rob
ert Emmet Ounn, George Edward Murphy. Er
nest Francis iRemy, Joseph Francis O'Brien,
George- Patrick • Carroll, r Joeph William Faria.
Denis Richard Kelly. James Oirtnc* McCor-
At the 10:30 o'clock high mass yesterday
morning his Grace, Archbishop Rlordan,
confirmed a large class at .St.- Francis
Church. Special music was rendered for
the occasion and the high altar was.beau
tifully decorated with choice cut flowers.
His Grace made a short address. Those
confirmed were: ;
The Reverend Fathers Scanlan. Connol
ly. Coyle, Lagan. Cullen and Byrne oc
cupied seats in the sanctuary and Miss
Alice Bailey and P. FItzsimmons stood
as sponsors for the grirls and boys re
spectively.
CONFIRMATION AT ST. FRANCIS.
Children Anointed, at tha Close , of
High Mass by the Archbishop."
ghan, Michael Aloy6lus Brady. Edward Fred
Rashael. Harry Vincent Kenealey, James Wil
liam Quit-ley, John Ignatius Duffy. Nell
James Reiterman. Thomas Raymond . Vincent
Kragen, James Matthew Dermody. Robert Cor
nelius Drlscoll, Jos-eph Ignatius McCoy, Joseph
Pamell Mangan, Edgar Joseph Bailey, Louis
Zachert. James Martin Feeney, James Aloysius
Ryan. Milo Peter Walt. John Joseph O'Neill,
Francis Raphael Rentes, William Joseph Hus
sey, Arthur Joseph Mayrhofer, Mervyn James
Callahan, William Joseph Bresnean, Hobard
Augustine Kavanaugh, Joseph Ausrustine Mur
phy, Edwarrl Anthony Collins. William Igna
tius McCarthy, James Ignatius Egan, Henry
Anthony Monahon, Bryan Joseph Connor, Jo-
Eeph Mlchae.1 Bresnean, Joseph Bernard Rodg
ers. Fred Charles Mack. Edward Ignatius Bres
nean. Thomas Joseph AloyMus Kllnk. Howard
Melvln Beverly, Homer Kdward Welch. Wil
liam Robert Crummey, Milton James Hallah&n,
Thomas Francis Butler, Thomas Francis Dru
han. Michael Joseph Savage.
Girls— Lucy Irene G. Corbett. Mabel Bernice
Golden. Gertrude Catherine Wellor, Agnes Mary
Josephine Laherty, lone Clalr Flennon. Elena
Eullalluo Murasky, Elizabeth IJlllan Hadler,
Anna Cecelia Winters, Irene Gladys Lippert,
Alice Margaret RIattery, Florence Ruth.Dowl
ing. Jane Gertrude Mclntoah. Jennie Rita Far
rell, Alma Agnes Cain. Catherine de Sales Cur
ley, Anna de Pales Murphy. Irene Mary Hay
den, Elizabeth Madeline Sullivan. Annie Chris
tine Seymour, Cecilia May Fenlnf. Margaret
Mary Rita Hyrne. Ruby Oeraldlne Green, Mary
H«l.-n Crowley, Emily • Mary. Winters, Gene
vleve Mary Boyd, Imelda Mary I^eary, Helen
Mitcheson Dodd. Nellie Cecelia Farrell. Gracf
Florence Krafren. Ethel Mary Baker, Annie
Catherine Mannion, Agnes Liiclle Brown. Marie
Fellcite Robinson, Anna Berenice Uarnett.
Irene Bernadette Madden, Gertrude Maria
Ryan, Hubby Aloysius McCloskey, Josephine
Terrsa Hester, Maud Mary McCIoskey, Isabella
Hel«-n Williams. Margery Elizabeth Donahue,
Eleanor Mary Mulherln. Gertrude Helen Cain,
Mary Ethellnd Moore. Alice Mary McDougall,
Mary Taullne Cecelia Sullivan, Agnes O'Con
nor. Mary Alberta Sheehan, Marie Irene Qulnn,
Violet Mitchell, Mary Deasv, Mary Frances
Klley.
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day Includes Professor Hunt's dog cir
cus; Eddie Mack, descriptive buck and
wing dancer; Moll and Rand, horizontal
bar performers; Edna Davenport, sou
brette; Henderson and Evers, sketch ar
tists; Azara in Poses Plastiques, and new
moving pictures.
Pamplin, the Australian Juggler, and
Annie Goldie are the Olympia's attrac
tions. . •
Fischer's Concert House has Plo Facci,
Sylvia Puerari and Cesar© Alessandroni.
the fine Mephisto of the late Azzali Com
pany, among its list of entertainers for
the week.
The Dunham family, "the world's
greatest aerialists;" Jessie Conthoni, fa
mous character dialect impersonator: the
debut in vaudeville of Miss Maggie Moore
and Norah Bayes. "a pretty girl with a
sweet voice," are the Orpheum's headlines
for the week. Other names from last
week's bill are Dolan and Lenbarr,
Trelle's talking dogs, Howard and Bland.
World and Hastings, Johnson Riano ana
Bentley.
crowding the Alhambra Theater to its ut
most capacity. It has certainly "caught
on" with its brilliantly absurd situation.-,
happy nonsense, and lurid melodramatic
qualities. Next Sunday afternoon -"A
Young Wife" will be put on.
"The King of the Opium Ring" is still
The Tlvoli Opera House announces a
triple- bill this week: "Carmen," which
is still drawing Its crowds: "Othello."
with the great Iago of Salassa.and ''Trov
b tore," in which Salassa will also appear.
These are the last two weeks of the
best grand opera season yet held at the
Tlvoli, and the gratitude of all music
loving San Francisco for these excellent
and cheap performances is due the en
terprising management.
The Alcazar Theater will put on "Lost
Paradise." a bright melodrama, which
had much success on its former produc
tion here, for election week.
• • *
The second and final week of the Stuart
Robson engagement begins this evening
at the Columbia Theater. The very suc
cessful production of "Oliver Goldsmith"
will continue to be the bill up to, and in
cluding, Wednesday evening, with a spe
cial professional matinee on Wednesday
afternoon. On Thursday night and for
the remainder of .the week, with a nice
sense of the fitness of things, Oliver
Goldsmith's immortal comedy "She Stoops
to Conquer" will be put on. . Next Monday
night Frank Daniels will appear in the
latest comic opera success of Victor Her
bert, "The Ameer."
On Wednesday "De Gotterdammerung,"
last number of the triology, will be given.
•'"v.
MME..MEL.BA..THE CELEBRATED DIYA, WHO REACHED SAX FRAN
CISCO YESTERDAY, DIRECT FROM* VOCAL TRIUMPHS IN EUROPE,
WHERE SHE WAS DECORATED BY AUSTRIA'S RULER.
• • •
The third of the interesting series of ex
planatory recitals will be given this after
noon at the California Theater. The sub
ject of Mr. Damrosch's lecture will be th«
second number of the "Ring." Siegfried.
• . • •
«,6. large and hysterically enthusiastic
audience greeted Mark E. Swan's "effer
vescent ecstasy," "Whose Bafcy Aro
Jo"? ?} the California Theater last
fir^h™ l £ aS « tne o fir3t appearance of the
farce-comedy in San Francisco, and to
Judge from its enthusiastic reception
Whose Baby Are You?" is destined to
rival in its popularity the author's better
known "Brown's in Town."
The Plot of the play Is of .respectable
and ancient lineage— none of your imper
tinent novelties or doubtful innovations
but Just an old reliable re-hash of once
used-always-used material of the best.
The bachelor artist with a baby of prob
lematical parentage upon his hands; and
it s and his various adventures before the
child reaches its own nappy home are
the materials out of which the clever au
thor has evolved a sparkling, most mirth
provoking and altogether enjovable farce
comedy.
MME. >IELBA arrived In # this
city yesterday morning to Join
forces with the Maurice Grau
Opera- Company, which is to
play an important engage
ment at the Grand Opera House beginning
next week. The diva is the picture of
health and contentment and came direct
from London, fresh from her European
conquests in the operatic field. She is ac
companied by her sister, Miss Mitchell,
who tt seems is not endowed with the
vocal gifts that have been showered on
her more favored relative. Melba took
pains to assure The Call's representative
that Miss Mitchell is not an operatic star
like herself.
"She's a lady, she's not a singer," said
tho diva naively.
The ladies have, engaged aoartments at
the Palace, where they will be domiciled
during the Grau engagement.
Melba expressed herself as being pleased
to be in San Francisco once more, which,
next to London, she said was her favorite
city. This morning she will leave for Bur
lingame, where she will be the guest of
}^° £°*. ina and Martins for a few days,
on Wednesday morning: she will proceed
itii j S An eeles, where tho company is
billed to sing on Friday night. She will
return to this city on Saturday to pre
pare for the opening of the season in
Komeo et Juliette" next ilondav. The
famous singer pleaded fatigue after her
long journey, but graciously condescended
to ,, T a n interview when seen at the hotel.
I have come here directly from Lon
don, said Melba. "and I assure you that
I am heartily tired after the fortnight's
trip. 1 was seasick and trainsick all the
way and I cannot express my delight at
Being stationary once more, and especial
ly In San Francisco, or wnich city I am
very fond.
"1 have had an unusually gratifying suc
cess in Holland, Austria and Germany,
and my. triumphs I am afraid have quite
turned my head. I was decorated by the
Kmperor of Austria, but this being deco
rated by mon.archs is an old story and is
of no particular interest to any one ex
cept myself.
"1 am especially pleased that I am to
commence my season • here as Juliette.
That is a role which I dearly love, and
l consider myself as very fortunate in
having studied it with Gounod."
», i n *" n La Dlva was asked whether she
had posed recently for any new photo
graphs of her charming self, she gave
a little shrug of her shoulders and said
poutingly:
"I have decided that I will have no more
photographs taken of myself. This con
stant posing becomes monotonous. It is
very tiresome to take a million wigs and
a million costumes to the photographer
and after being pulled and hauled this
way and that to ilnd that the results are
far from desirable. I had the last pic
tures of myself taken in Ireland and they
were so wretched that I gave immediate
orders to have them destroyed
in"pnrfit C i a lovely time wi'th my friends
tSLrSS I ? s S m !i t Rnd , after that come * a
period of hard work-for, of course we
tbe S vo?ce " W ° rk> CVen " U Is onIy wltn^
Will Visit Burlingame and Appear in Los Angeles Before
Singing in This City Next Monday. ~- .
MME. MELBA, WORLD-RENOWNED OPERA
SINGER, ARRIVES IN S AN FR ANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1900.
12
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
100 Ladies' Silk Waists, extra heaYU dualltu,
corded and hemstltGhed front and hack, new color-
Ings, also Black,
$4.50 Each
275 Ladies' Wool Waists, Pleated Fronts, all
the new colorings, sizes 34 to 44,
$2.OO Each
EXTRA SPECIAL.
Ladies' Eiderdown Sacques, Kimonas and
Bathrobes, also all the leading makes of Foreign
and Domestic Corsets and Fine Muslin Underwear at
popular prices.
Ladies' Wool Moreen Skirts, Accordeon
Pleated Flounces, also with Small Ruffles, Black and
Colored,
S3.OO to S4.5O Each
Ladies' Alpaca Skirts, with Ruffles and Ac-
cordeon Pleated Flounces,
$2.00 to $6.00 Each
Ladies' Wool Waists In Cashmere, Flannel and
Cloth,
S2.OO to S8.OO Each
Ladies' Silk Waists, latest Stales, new COlOP-
lngs,
$4.50 to $15.00 Each
Ladies' Silk Skirts, Ruffled and Accordeon
Pleated Flounces, all colors, also Black,
$7.50 to $30.00 Each
We are now showing an elegant assort-
ment of New Goods In Ibis department.
AM ELEOANT SEI^CTIOW.
OcnMsts* prescriptions Med. Factory oa
premises. Quick repalrlnr. Phone. Mala IX
OPTICIANS^^HJCWPARATU.
642. Market 5t. instrument
u*oi« cHHOMicn Bu>ioiM6. Catalogue Fmc.
Lorgnettes,
Opera
Glasses,
Jinany GlVdl I 1 WW
WITH
no Grant ave.. bet. Butter and Post sta.
661 Market «t.. opp. Powell.
S2 Market St., Junction California.
OCR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE
Come Just to See
Great Am Rri c an Imp o rtinff Tea Co.
Good Time and Place to Bay
Teas, Coffees,*
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking, Powder
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay.*
¦ Voters of -t?he Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict, remember that In casting your vote
to-morrow for the Independent candidate.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, you will help to elect
the people's choice, a lifelong foe ofcoo-
lielsm and Japs and the champion of the
original restriction- act. He Is pledged to
accomplish a renewal of the restriction
act, and who can do this better than he?
Don't forsret to vote for him. •
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best erldence of t!» popuJarity of
these hotels can be found la th« continued
patronage of those -who on aome previous
occasion have made them their headquar-
ters when vlsltln* San Francisco.
Connected by a covered pas» a * ewa J r »nrt
operated under one management on the
American «.nd European plans.
GOLDBERG
BQWEN "
Vista del Valle wines are
the choicest products of Cal-
ifornia's vineyards— types
of the grand wines of France
SPECIAL SAVING SALE-
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— fancy creamery $7^C
. The same high quality we always
sell — reg'ly 45c square
Sai'dineS— boneless }s 22§C
Arzano— large white imported fish
— the best value we ever offered —
reg'ly 30c can s
Tea— popular flavors 50C
Mandarin Nectar — "Bee" brand
Ceylon— not obtainable elsewhere
—reg'ly 60c Ib
Whisky— o b&co 3 bottles $2
O K bourbon gallon }
Sold to families who use but little
whisky— but want it good and
reliable— reg'ly $4 gallon 5i bottle
Coffee— Crescent 2OC
The quality will surprise you
considering the low price —
roast or ground— reg'ly 25c Ib
Cheese— eastern 1 7^0
Rich full cream— the only kind for
Welsh rare-bit— reg'ly 22§c ¦
Brandy— California bottle 75c
reg'ly $4 gal $1 bot gallon $}
Age alone can Improve the quality
Don't forget your soldier
friends at Manila— holiday
groceries shipped free —
order at once to arrive on
time — next steamer sails
November 17th
French mustard 1 bottles 25c
Louit— ready.^made— reg'ly 25c bot
Jams and jellies ' iqc
Sxceet Brier-zt this price it
hardly pays to put up home-made
preserves— reg'ly 20c can
Almonds— shelled 2cr
New crop— Calif ornfa— '
reg'ly 40c Ib
Salad dressing— reg'iy 30c 2«;c
Sierra Madre - \°
A richly seasoned Mayonnaise
Prunes-California 3I lbs 25C
Choice new fruit— reg'ly irx Ib—
serve at breakfast time
Talcum powder 3 boxes 25c
Lady 'Jeanette-sooMng to skin
irritations— use after shaving
Toilet soap— reg'iy 25c 20c
Box of 3 cakes— different brands
ToOth pOWder-listerated 2OC
Antiseptic— it will preserve the
teeth and keep the gums healthful—
reg'ly 2?c bottle
OOLDBERO. BOWEN ft CO'S SPECIAL 8A7I3 Q SALS
DR.MQNULTY.
n'HlS WEHrKNOWN ASDRKLIABLE OLD
I Specialist eur«j Blood Poison, Gonorrbffia Gleet.
Ptrfetur*. Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men. free
OTera>years>xp*Hence.T>rnn reasonable. Hoor*"
UUonfreeandsacredly confidential C&U or addrew
P. RO8COB MeXCLTY, II. D
20 V. Kearny 8t n Man Francisco, CeL
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK H. KERRIGAN,
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
...FOR...
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
O0LDBZB8. BOWZH ft CO'S SPECIAL SAVING 3AL3
Cheese— Imperial .. i
MacLaren— club siza 3 f Of 35c
reg'ly 15c and 30c med 25C
In porcelain jars— rich and delicious
Our stores are pnrticularly attrac-
tive now by the display of new holiday
groceries — some of this season's food
novelties are entirely n*w '¦-'. •"
Bar le due fruits — smoked eels-
imperial cheese — glacef prunes stuffed
with walnuts and apricots — cobble
atones (honey cake)— California glacef
fruits 1 H> cartons — Bismarck herring
—fancy Norway bloaters — sage cheese'
— new made mince-meat and plum
pudding
4)t Pino «jj Slitter 2S00 California San Francisco
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
The a
mat 1 Marvel
MAT of
Sensation Prettiness,
nf th^ Becomingness
ot tne and Chic
Winter Raphael's
_ Smartest Hat
Season, for Ladies,
L'AIGLONL'AIQLON
y^-^-i' 1 1 : : 1 1 : 1 1 1 : 1 1 ! 1 1 ! ? ? ? t, ?.*^.. T . t 7 t t • m : i :::::: 1 1 :; i ; tt
X #l^ L ' AI * plon h «" "irrady created a aeniiatlon in San FrancUeo amamr 1
% 1-. itXHi 1 ' U C ° m " lD tW ° Brnde "' tW ° mantle—one at f&0, 1
The beantr of thl. hat Is eqtranelng. . - t.
y j i . : : : 1 1 : : ; ; >h-i i-i-i-i-h^h-m-:-: ¦;¦¦: : : i ¦; i-i-m-h-h^h-h^H'S
HAT DEPARTMENT, FIRST- F.LOOR.
The Top
that the Boy W** 'ji^ll
JUVENILE DEPARTMENT, SECOND FLOOR.'
*^h& ! UNION SqUARE Avc.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.