DENVER. Colo., Nov. 22.— District At
torney McAllister of Colorado Springs
has ordered Sheriff Freeman of Lincoln
County to proceed against the members
of the mob who burned Preston Porter
Jr. at the stake last week. The order
was issued alter. a correspondence^ be
tween Governor Thomas and Mr. McAllis
ter. .-..-.; ... ¦•.- ¦-...: ¦ ¦ f ¦'
Just how, the Grand Jury will be chosen
has not yet been decided;. Mr. McAllis
ter says It will be composed'of men who
will do their duty at' all hazard. The
Governor insists upon a prosecution.
Governor of Colorado Insists That
Mob Who Lynched the Negro
t- Be' Punished.
PORTER'S EXECUTIONERS
WELL BE PROSECUTED
LONDON,- Nov. 22.— At the ' Old Bailey
to-day F. F. Hodgklnson, a" former Brit
ish ;Vlce Consul at Bremerhaven, was sen
tenced to eighteen' months*, penal servi
tude for 'trying to sell a : Foreign Office
code book to an agent - of a foreign
power. . . , ,
FORMER BRITISH. VICE
CONSUL IN DISGRACE
gratitude for the marks of interest your
Government and country have so kindly
wished to offer me."
The prefect of the department of
Bouches du Rhone visited Mr. Kruger to
present President Loubefs compliments
and thanks for the telegram.
bet: ¦.<¦ ,
"In debarking on the hospitable shores
of France,, my first act is to greet the
worthy chief of the French republic and
to ! forward to you a testimonial . of my
MARSEILLES. . Nov. 23.— Mr. Kruger
has sent the following to Piesident Lou-
KRUGER SENDS A
MESSAGE TO LOUBET
BERLIN, Nov. 22.— The . Pan-German
Association • has. taken . up, the cause of
several hundred Germans who were ex
pelled from the Transvaal by the British.
It announces that It "will force the Gov
ernment: to make an energetic demand
upon Great Britain for adequate dam-,
ages." ¦
BLOEMFONTEIN, Nov. 22.— The Boers
under Brand were defeated November 18
at Baderspan, with heavy losses, the Lan
cers charging through the Boer, line, do
ing deadly damage, as a number of rider
less horses , demonstrated. ,: Brand himself
was Nvounded. The British casualties
were not , serious.
- MASERU, Basutola'nd, Wednesday,
Nov. 21.— Natives report that former
'President; Steyh • and '% General Dewet,
.with a thousand men, traversed tho Brit
ish lines betwee'n "Alexandria and. Ward- ;
ingham's- store -and ¦ attacked*- a British
post, : subsequently ¦ retiring * by -the . road
to ";¦'. Dewetsdorp, in the Orange r River
WILL DEMAND REDRESS FOR
EXPULSION FROM TRANSVAAL
New. Orleans and Papal delegate for
Cuba and the Philippines. Is also being
mentioned as a possible recipient of the
distinguished honors, although this is not
based on the advices from Rome hereto
fore alluded to. It Is noted, however,
that Archbishop Chapelle is expected to
be in Rome at Christmas time, about the
time of ' the . Consistory, ' after having
spent some time In the Philippines ad
justing affairs ' relating to the j church.
His visit to Rome is understood to be for
the purpose of making a report of his
work as delegate to the new American
acquisitions. ' In previous ' rumors con
cerning the bestowal of the red hat,
the name . of Archbishop Ireland of St.
Paul has figured, and there is a renewal
of this comment now, as there is said to
have. been some recent movement in that
General Manager Harding, of the Iron
Mountain, and General Superintendent L.
A. Fuller, of the • Pacific Express Com
pany, to-day issued a Joint circular ofCei
ing £»00 reward for the arrest and con
viction of each person engaged in the
hold-up and robbery. The circular also
states that the Pacific Express, Company
will pay 10 per cent of the moneys recov
ered and returned to it which were stolen
from the express car Wednesday night,
the reward to go to the presons who actu
ally return the money, but no portion of
It to go to persons engaged in the rob
bery. ' ¦ - .
Officials at the headquarters of the Pa
cific Express Company would make no
statement as to the amount of . money
taken by the robbers, except to say it was
Email. Only the way safe was broken
into. i
robbers secured, but thought the amount
was small. ; The large safe, which was
subjected to five explosions of dynamite,
to yield up its strong-box, was brought to
St. Louis. In all its exterior portions and
its cement linings, it Is a complete wreck.
The Inner casing apalnst which the
.strong-box rests, however, is intact, al
though battered and twisted out of shape.
Another charge of dynamite would have
made all the funds in the box accessible.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— The ap
proaching Papal Consistory at Rome is
attracting much attention in the highest
ecclesiastical circles of the .; Catholic
church, owing to the growing impression
that honors may be conferred upon ono
or more of the representatives of the
church in America Private .advices re-,
ceived recently from sources close to tha
Vatican express the belief that Monslgnc-r
Martinelli, the present Papal delegate to
tho United States, will be elected to the
cardinalate. This Is entirely unofficial,
and ' until the Consistory assembles \ on
December 17, there . can be nothing
definite, but the sources ', of the Informa
tion are such as to strengthen the belief
that the appointment is under considera
tion and will be announced at that time
or soon- thereafter. The name of Arch
bishop Chapelle of the archdiocese of
During a Performance He Leaves
Suddenly, Taking With Trim
Honey and Jewelry.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22— Several members
of Miss Olpa Xethersole's company at
vraliack's Theater would like to meet
George Leslie again. Some of Captain
George McClusky's men, too, would like
to make his acquaintance. Mr. Leslie was
a "super" in "Sapho" at Wallack'a
Theater until last Thursday night. That
evening he left the playhouse suddenly
:»nd a lot cf money, jewelry and other
valuables belonging to members of the
company went with him. The matter was
reported to the police at once and all last
r.lgrht and to-day Detective Mannion was
looking for Leslie, but up to a late hour !
to-nifcht no trace of him had been found, i
The detective did manage, though, to
loam a RTcat deal about Mr. Leslie's past
history— for one thing, that Leslie isn't his
real name: for another, that this is not
the firpt time that he and other people's
property have disappeared together and
that In consequence on several occasions,
for various periods, he has been housed
and boarded at the expense of the State.
In fact, one such period ended only three
months ago.
The detective also secured evidence that
Leslie belongs to a respectable family and
that his mother resides in this city on up
per West Side. Leslie, who is a tall, fine
looking fellow with a manner that in
spires confidence, applied for a position
as "super" In Miss Nethersole's company
et the beginning of the season.
APACHE XTD IS SAID
TO HAVE BEEN KILLED
mon Church Returns From
Mexico "With the News.
President Joseph Smith of the Mor-
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 22.— A special to the
Globe-Democrat from El Paso. Texas,
says that President Joseph F. Smith of
the Mormon church, who has arrived
there accompanied by O. A. Woodruff and
Dr. Seymour, after a tour among the
colonies In Mexico, reports the killing of
the notorious Apache Kid In the recent
Indian raid at Colonla Pacheco. Mr.
Woodruff was one of the party that pur
sued the retreating Indians and assisted
at the burial of the Kid. who Is now pos
itively identified as the notorious Apache
killed. Mr. Woodruff Bald they will put
in an application for the reward offered
for him in the United States.
COLOMBIAN TROOPS
CRUSH REBEL FORCES
COLON, Nov. 22. via Galveston.— The
rebels at Buena Ventura have been com-
I-'.etely crushed by the Colombian troops,
which captured two cannon and two gen
erals. General Alban. the Governor of
Panama, personally directed • the opera
tions from on board the British eteam
*h!p Taboga. seized by the Colombian au
thorities, and saved the situation there.
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico. Nov. 22.— The
Venezuelan Consul In this city *has re
rrived a cable dispatch from Caracas that
the rebels seized the principal seaport of
Colombia. The news was com r eyed by
a eteaxner which arrived at La Guayra
to-day from the west.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark, Nov. 22.— Reports
to-night from the vicinity of last night's
train robbery on the 6t. Louis. Iron Moun
tain and Southern Railroad show that
the robbers are still -?t large. The posse
to-day was close to the fugitives, and it
was thought capture was certain. Offi
cers are confident that the robbers are
still around Gilford, where the robbery
occurred, and It is suspected one or more
of the gang Joined a posse to throw the
authorities off the clew they are working
on.
Accurate descriptions of the men have
been secured from the train crew and sev
eral arrests are likely to be made soon.
Governor Jones could offer no reward to
day, the State reward fund having been
exhausted.
A Gazette special from Hot Springs to
night cays: The Indications are that the
robbers of the express car on the Iron
Mountain train last night near Malvern
secured a large sum of money, though it
was reported that only a small sum was
taken. It Is positively known that a man
In Hot Springs telephoned to Malvern
Just before the north-bound train arrived
yesterday afternoon lo ascertain If tho
express company would have- the large
safe In the car en route north opened and
deposit therein $15,000 which he desired
to send away. The agent at Malvern re
plied that the safe was to go through
and would not be opened.
The money was sent and hence must
have been placed In the tmall safe, which
was blown to pieces and robbed of its
contents.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 22.-The Cannon Ball
train which was held up by masked men
at Gilford, three miles from Malvern,
Ark., last night, reached here at 10 a,.m.
to-day. Sam R. Avery, the express mes
senger, who was injured in the attempt to
dynamite the through safe in the express
car, was ;the only one of the crew who
came through with the train. He is. not
seriously injured, though his face was
badly cut by flying cplinters. The mes
eenger could not tell just how much the
At the Next Papal Consistory it Is Believed Mon
signor MartinellS and Lelegate CoapelSe Wall
Be Created Cardinals.
TWO AMERICAN PRELATES
WHO MAY GET RED HATS
It Is Now Believed That the Masked Bandits Who
Held Up the Cannon Ball Express Secured
a Big Sum of Money.
POSSE CLOSELY PURSUES
DARING TRAIN ROBBERS
"I thank the president of the Marseilles
committee and the president of the cen
tral committee of the Independence of the
Boers for their welcome. I thank all this
population assembled in great concourse
Replying to the addresses of welcome
of, the presidents of the Paris and Mar
seilles committee Mr. Kruger spoke In
Dutch and in a low voice, accompanying
his words with energetic movements of
his hat. which he held in his right hand.
He said:
Xrug"eT's Thrilling Speech.
. Mr. Kruger repeatedly ccKnowledged
the acclamations of the crowds that filled
the sidewalks and balconies cf the nouses,
black with sightseers waving hats and
handkerchiefs. At several points along
the route several bouquets were presented
to him and on the balcony of the Military
Club stood a group of officers in gala uni
forms, who Joined In the ovation. On ar
riving at the hotel Mr. Kruger's ears were
greeted with the strains of the Boer
hymn, played by a local band. whil3 the
standard -bearers drew up jn two ranks
at the entrance and waved the standards
as Mr. Kruger, bareheaded, passed be
tween them to his apartments.
Kvery one expressed astonishment at
the robust and healthy appearance of Mr.
Kruger. considering his' 'advanced age.
He walked firmly, leaning but lightly
upon his cane, when he crossed the land-
Ing stage to the landau In vrnich he drove
with Dr. Leyds and MM. Paullat and
Thourel. The landau was followed by five
carriages containing Boer officials an.3
these were followed by six others convey
ing the officers of the Geldarland and the
members of the Marseilles reception com
mittee, all forming a procession, headed
by various societies with handsome ban
ners and escorted by a large police force.
The incident was the main topic of con
versation this evening anl Indignation
was universally and vigorously expressed,
but the adult better classes did riot peek
to magnify its Importance. The Mayor,
Immediately on hearing of what had oc
curred, issued vigorous instructions for
the discovery and prosecution of the cul
prits.
Throughout the evening, however, large
bands of students and other youths
marched up and down in front of Mr.
Kruger's hotel and of the hotel which was
the scene of the unfortunate incident,
cheering In chorus for Mr. Kruger and
the Transvaal and denouncing England.
These demonstrators were more noisy
than dangerous and the police wisely left
them to relieve their feeling3 by shouting
instead of interfering with them, which
might have created disorder.-
Students Denounce England.
The unfortunate occurrence at the hotel
on the main boulevard alone marred the
character of the demonstration, which,
up . to that time, had been unanimously
and exclusively a tribute of sympathy
and admiration. "Vive Kruger," "VIv%
les Boers" and "Vive la Llberte" were
tho cries that formed a hurricane of
cheering and swept over the city. Un
fortunately the reprehensible foolishness
of half a dozen persons In throwing small
coins Into the crowd as Mr. Kruger
passed acted like magic in conjuring up
an anti-British outburst, which It needed
all the promptitude and energy of the
police to prevent becoming a serious
disturbance. The hotel remained for the
rest of the day In a state of siege, while
at one time a procession several thousand
strong marched In the direction of the
British Consulate, shouting* "Down with
the English" and raising other threaten
ing cries. The result was that a strong
body of police was compelled to disperse
the demonstrators, although It was not
found necessary to make more than a few
temporary arrests.
He announced to the world this morn-
Ing that the Boers would be a free people
or die and the faces of the men about
him— Fischer, Wessels, Groebler and the
other Boer representatives— bore the look
of fearless determination, reflecting the
spirit that Mr. Kruger declared animated
every man, woman and child of the
Transvaal. •
Fearless Determination.
MARSEILLES. Nov. 22.— To-day proved
a triumph for Paul Kruger such as even
the Boer delegates and his most ardent
admirers failed to anticipate. The en
thusiasm which marked every step of his
progress from the time he landed until
the hotel was reached was a revelation,
e'wen to the people of Marseilles them
selves. It fully equaled if it did not sur
pass the frantic demonstration of pa
triotism with which France opened her
arms to Major Marchand at Toulon on
his return from Fashoda.
An assembly of such masses, exceeding
even the most sanguine estimate, might
perhaps be partly explained by the cere
monious obsequies of the Bishop of Mar
seilles, Including an Imposing religious
procession from the cathedral, but noth
ing can minimize the spontaneous explo
sion of sentiment displayed toward Mr.
Kruger by the entire population of the
first port and one of the largest cities of
France.
Yet the grandeur of this demonstration
perhaps ranks in importance to the em
phatic manifestos of "Nor compromise"
which Mr. Kruger delivered in a low voice,
but one vibrating with emotion, accom
panied by energetic gestures of the right
hand, stirring the hearts of all within
hearing. The last sentences of his decla
ration were uttered with a vigor and- a
decision which bore out his reputation as
the incarnation of iron will and stub
born resistance. His mere delivery of
a declaration of such far-reaching im
portance testifies to the independence of
his character, aa it came as a surprise
even to his intimate political advisers,
who, up to the last, were in ignorance of
his determination.
"Welcome him." savs the appeal. "la
the name of that liberty which you all
have at heart. Give him a most positive
testimony of our most profound admira
tion for and ardent sympathy with the
race of heroes of which he Is a magnifi
cent incarnation. Parts should say to
Mr. Kruger that sh# is entirely with him
in bis sacred mission.
PARIS, Nov. 22. 1:40 p. m.— The commit
tee of Boer independence has posted a
placard In Paris calling upon Parisians to
give Mr. Kruger the warmest possible
.welcome.
For the Paris Reception.
"In the name of President Kruser I
have the honor to drink to the health of
the President of the French Republic."
Mr. Kruger will leave for Paris act 9
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Dr. Leyds then said:
"I am fatigued and am In mourning.
Moreover, I never attend banquets. Oth
erwise I should have liked to spend a few
minutes with you and to thank you. I
shall never forget the warm welcome I
have had in your beautiful city. Your re
ception of me has surpassed all I could
have expected even from the city which
gave France her admirable national
hymn, that 'Marseillaise' which is the
song of all the peoples whose Independ
ence is threatened and who are struggling
against Invaders. I would that your ac
clamation could have been heard by all
those Boers in arms who are encamped
In our mountains. They would thank you
from the bottom of their hearts. I thank
you In their behalf. Could r have been
with you I should have also expressed my
thanks to all France and would have,
raised my glass in honor of her worthy
President, M. Loubet."
Dr. Leyds represented him at the ban
quet given In his honor, where all the
Boer officials and members of the pro-
Boer committees were present, and read
tho following message from, him:
Eventually becoming fatigued, he asked
that the other addresses be presented lo
him In writing and then withdrew again
to his apartments, where he passed the
eevning quietly, receiving no one.
After luncheon and a little repose Mr.
Kruger descended to the hall of the hotel,
where he received the delegations. He
sat In a gilded chair Immediately In front
of the fireplace. Dr. Leyds and Messrs.
Fischer and standing near him.
Dr. Leyds briefly interpreted the ad
dresses of the various speakers, but it
was evident that Mr. Kruger was
fatigued and found It a great strain to
follow the gestures of orators speaking a
language unintellglble to him, but ho
listened attentively with his hand to His
ear as Dr. Leyds gave him the gist of
what had been said.
Mr. Kruger replied briefly, declaring
how deeply he had been touched by the
unexpected warmth of his reception In
Marseilles and by the sympathy i of the
French people.
Tho Prefect and Mayor then, called to
pay their respects, the latter. M. Flals
sieres. making an eloquent speech In
sympathy with the Boers.
Finally, to testify his gratitude, he took
In his hand a corner of the French tri
color that was flying from the balcony
between the Transvaal and Free Stat«>
flags and pressed It to his heart again and
again. The enthusiastic people cheered
ldm until he withdrew to his rooms,
which he found half-filled with bouquets
and garlands presented by his admirers.
Presses Tri-Color to His Heart-
Soon after. In response to a thunderous
ovation, he appeared on the balcony and
repeatedly bowed, but as some ten min
utes elapsed without; a sign of abatement
In the enthusiasm, he "spoke a few words
which were Interpreted In French by Dr.
Leyds and were followed by a renewal of
the enthusiasm.
"I assure you that if the Transvaal and
the Orange Free State must lose their
Independence it will be because all the
Boer people have been destroyed with
their women and children."
"The war waged on as In the two re
publics fcas reached the last limits of bar
barism. During my life I have had to
flgbt many times the savages of the
tribes of Africa, but the barbarians we
have to fight now are worse than the
others. They even urge the Kaffirs
against us. They burn the farms we
worked so hard to construct, and they
drive out our women and children, whose
brothers and husbands have been killed
or taken prisoner, leaving them unpro
tected and roofless and often without
bread to eat- But, whatever they may
do, we will never surrender. We will
fight to the end. Our great Imperishable
confidences reposes In our God. We know
our cause Is Just and If the Justice of men
Is wanting to us. He. the eternal, who Is
master of all peoples, and to whom be
longs the future, will never abandon us.
to greet me, for although I wear mourn
ing for -the misfortunes of my country
and although I have not come to seek fes
tivities, still I nevertheless accept with
all my heart these acclamations, for I
know they are dictated to you by the
emotions which are Inspired In you by
your trials and by your sympathy for
our cause, which is that of liberty, which
awakened you. I am truly proud and
happy at having chosen as my point of
landing a port In France, to set foot on
free soil and to be received by you a3 a
free man. But my first duty la to thank
your Government for all the tokens of in
terest that again only recently it wiw
pleased to give me. I believe England,
had she been better informed, would
never have consented to this war, and
since the expedition of Jameson. wh3
wished to seize the two republics without
the necessity of firing a rifle shot, I hava
never ceased to demand a tiibunal of ar
bitration, which up to now has always
been refused.
LONDON, Nov. 23.— The rumor of the
Czar's death appears to be unfounded.
Nothing to confirm it has been received at
the Russian embassies In Berlin and
Paris, and the embassy here has received
nothing' since the bulletin yesterday
(Thursday).
Better news has been received at Copen
hagen as to the Emperor's condition. A
courier has arrived with news that the
doctors believe the crisis' has passed. Sim
ilar favorable Intelligence has reached
Berlin. Grand Duke and Duches Ser
t'us. who arrived In Vienna yesterday
from Florence, were expected to start Im
mediately for Livadla, but on receipt of
favorable telegrams they decided to re
main at the Austrian capital until Sun
day, unless there should be an unexpected
change for the worse.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 22.— To-day's
bulletin from Livadia apparently Indicates
that the crisis Is past.
BRUSSELS, Nov. 22.— A private tele
pram from Paris makes the assertion that
the Czar is dead. There is no confirma
tion frcm any other source.
The Figaro has received nothing- and
disbelieves the report The Paris office
' f the Associated Press says it has re
ceived no such news. Such a rumor was,
however, current In Paris last evening.
At the Russian embassy and at the Min
istry of Foreign Affairs they declared the
tiory to be unfounded.
NO NEWS AT THE EMBASSIES
»
Latest Bulletin Prom the Sick Ruler's
Bedside Indicates the Crisis
Is Past
Dispatches Denying
Rumor of Czar's
Death.
»
Report Is Freely Circulated,
but Confirmation Is
Lacking.
NICHOLAS
OF RUSSIA
STILL ALIVE
Upon LaedSmg at Mars^aMes For
mer Tramsyaal President Is Em
tlhiuisflastflcally Welcomed — Says
the Boers Will Never Gave Up.
KRUGER RECEIVES
A GREAT OVATION
FROM THE FRENCH
CZAR OF ALL THE RUSSIAS AND FAMILY.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 176.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
• ¦ ¦ ¦,..-., «* ,:¦-. ¦ .
NICHOLAS II BORN IN 1S68 MARRIED IN 1894 PRINCESS ALIX OF HESSE. GRANDDAUGHTER OF QUEEN VICTORIA. THREE DAUGHTERS HAVE
BEEN BORN TO THEM-GRAND DUCHESS OLGA (SEATED IN FRONT), BORN NOVEMBER, 1895; GRAND DUCHESS TATIANA, BORN JUNE, 1S97,
AND THE GRAND DUCHESS MARIE (IN ARMS), BORN JUNE, 1899.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SUPER STEALS FROM
NETHERSOLE'S COMPANY1 I ira not optimistic enough to believe that
the ingenuity of man can encompass- the re
demption of the 800,000,000 of acres which com
prise the nation's vacant nubllo lands, but if,
as has been claimed, there la water enough
for the Irrigation of 100,000,000 of acres (pro
vided the supply Is economically used), I can
easily imagine 10,000,000 of good citizens finding
homes on farms which are self-supporting.
It seems to me, therefore, that the plan pro
posed by one of the members of your associa
tion is most feasible and Just. It is: Let the
Government build the storage reservoirs and
the main line canals and the settlers provide
the smaller distributing systems by banding
themselves together In co-operative organiza
tions.
Congressman Francis G. Newlanda of
Nevada told how tho waters of four rivers
in his Siate were lost in Kinks "of the
desert Instead of being used to Irrigate
the thousands of acres of fertile : land,
which needed only the water to change It
from a desert to a prosperous agricultural
country. __^_
CRIMINAL COMMISSIONER
OF. BERLIN ABSCONDS
Announcement Made During the
. : Trial of the Rich Banker Stern-
; -:: ; berg at Berlin. • /
BERLIN, Nov.' 22.— During , the trial to
day of the rich Berlin banker, Sternbcrg,
who is accused of an offense against mor
ality, the announcement was made that
Criminal Commissioner Thlel had ab
sconded. • .
? .
Oil Lands Sold.
AUSTIN. J Tex., Nov. 22.— A dispatch
from.Tampico, Mexico, says: A deal has
Just been closed here for the purchase by
a syndicate of California oil men of 400,000
acres of prospective- r- oil lands situated
twenty-flve miles west of Trtmplco. The
purchase price exceeded $1,000,000 in gold.
The land also contains large deposits of
liquid asphaltum. . - ¦
Stops the Cough
And works • off ; th» ¦-¦ Cold. ¦ Laxative ¦•¦ Bromtv
Wuinlne Tablets cure a. cold In one day. No
Cure. Ho Fay, . Price Zi rent* ¦ ,
OFFICER FREED
BY FILIPINOS
Lieutenant Alstaetter Given
His Liberty by His
Captors.
MANILA. Nov. 22.— Lieutenant TV. Fred
erick Alstaetter of the United States en
gineers, who was captured by the insur
gents early in September north of San
Isldro, has been released. He entered the
American garrison at Gapan. province of
Nuevltas Ecija, Tuesday evening, his ap
pearance there being a' great surprise.^s
Aguinaldo'e order for the release of Amer
ican soldiers included >only enlisted men.
He will start for Manila to-morrow.
A detachment of 100 men from Compa
nies E and M, Twenty-fifth. United States
Infantry (colored), under Captain O'Neill,
made a clever capture of thirty insurgents
with rifles, supplies and 1500 rounds of
ammunition in a camp east of San Marlo
lano, which the Americana charged at
daybreak. Among the rifles captured
were a few Krag-Jorgensens which the
insurgents had^ recently secured. Several
of the Filipinos were wounded.
Captain Gulick, with sixteen men of the
Forty-seventh Ijifantry, had -a sharp en
counter with insurgents concealed in a
blockhouse near'Blnorongan. The insur
gents fired a volley from thirty rifles on
the. approach of the Americans, wounding
two, one mortally. The firing soon be
came hot on both sides. With. nine men
Captain Gulick swam the river, gained
the hillside, routed the enemy and Inci
dentally killed several bolomen. The same
party with a score of. comrades drove "the
Insurgents .. from Bulusam, where they
were intrenched. The detachment killed
fourteen and captured seven in three
days.
Numerous reports of minor engagements
and captures In Southeastern Luzon have
arrived here in letters brought by
steamer. . ¦ _ .- • . .
The Philippine Commission has passed
the bill for the civil government of town
ships in the province of Bcnguet; first
adopting a few minor amendments sug
gested by Filipinos. n
AGTJINALDO STILL LIVES. \
kong at all -Hazards.
Filipino Junta Will Remain in Hong-
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— A World special
from; Hongkong says:- Rounsevelle Wild
man, United States Consul here, has In
formation that- the. Filipino junta, at a
meeting held .November' 15, decided to
biave the chances of deportation rather
than quit: Hongkong. . Recent correspond
ence between the junta and Insurrection
ists proves that Agulnaldo is still alive,
but; he is- said to be suffering from a
gunshot wound: in the stomach.
The Hongkong Junta has also decided to
majte .Mother attempt y, send arms .to
Thousands in No Way Connected
. Protest Against Being Forced
¦'** Outjpf Employment. " . .
TAMPA. Fla.. Nov. 22.— The Federated
Trades Assembly to-day decided to de
clare a general pympathetic strike as.'a
result of the trouble here between the In
ternational Union of Clgarmaker* and the
Resistencias, the opposing organization.
The Assembly decided that the strike
should eo Into effect Monday.
Thousand* in no way connected with
the cigar industry will be affected and the
latter bodies are protesting against being
forced out. Appeal^ are being made, to
the unions to which they belong to pre
vent the strike being* made effective I
SYMPATHETIC STRIKE TO
• :* HELP THE CIGAR-MAKERS
. Sine Die.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.-The National
Grange, which has been In session in this
city for Fevrral day*, adjourned sine die
to-day, after transacting considerable
routine business.
A resolution recommending the estab
lishment of a department of commerce,
with representation In :the Prepidenfs
Cabinet, was refused without recommend
ation, the prevailing opinion seeming tj
be that the fim interest of the Grange
is In the Department of Agriculture
A communication was received from the
White House *>aying that the President
would be pleased to confer with the l*>g
tvlatlv* committee of the organization
on legislation pertaining to agricultural
qu*s<tions. The Grange is especially in
terested in the Grout oleomargarine bill
and will ask the President's good office*
in behalf of the measure.
Convention Which Has Been in Ses
sion in Washington Adjourns
NATIONAL GRANGE
COMPLETES ITS WORK
LONDON. Nov. 21— General duller, the
former commander of the British troops
In Natal, in the course of a speech which
h^ made to-day at Exeter, on the occasion
of a sword of honor being presented to
him. said he had received a quantity of
old iron, sent by nonuT German critics
while h«= was trying to relieve Ladygmith.
He added:
"The laugh was on my side, because
when the iron <-ame 1 was Inside Ladv
emfth."
Th»re is an old paying in Germany "He
should be thrown on the old iron neap."
meaning that the person so referred to is
of no good. It may b«" presumed that the
tending of old iron to General Buller by
his critics had reference to this
frying. j
Speaking this evening at a banquet giv
en in hip honor. General Buller defended
th*> British army against th«» charges of
ravishing women and <f barbarous treat
ment of Boers, declaring that all wem
filpe. He paid that in thre* case? of at-
Jfged assaults upon women that were
brought to hi? attention, two of the ac
<-us*-d were Hott«»ntot* following tht,
forces and the serond wan a local Kaffir.
"No army ever behaved better," eaid
Sir R^dvers. "There is no doubt that th<*
war has come to its crisis and induce*
ffVTfr treatment. But why Ik it p<i? Are
the real patriots fighting for their coun
try? The whole people whom we kn^w as
Bo«>r« have already surrendered or ate
prisoners, or doing th-ir level best to sur
render. The people left in th* Held aie
either mercenaries or bandit*."
General Buller quoted an Oranee Rlvci
County judge as saying that the moment
wh*>n the men in the field ceased to be
paid the war would end.
•" , i m m . — -
While He Was Trying to Believe
Lady smith He Was Sent a
Quantity of Old Iron.
INSULT TO BULLEE
BY GERMAN CRITICS
the Filipinos in a launch, which will prob
ably fly the German flag. The venture
will be In charge of Colonel Julio del
Pilar.
Heyes and Garcia, two Filipino agents,
have a large stock of ammunition and
munitions of war at Macao.
The Chinese General Pana. who was re
cently deported from the Philippines, has
b«-en conferring with the junta here, but
has gone to Singapore.
Black Diamond Child Drowned.
BLACK DIAMOND. Nov. 22.— Josie
Alello. aged 5 years, while standing on a
net rack to-day fell overboard and was
drowned. The body was in the water
about two hours before being recovered.
In his annual report Assistant Secretary
of the Navy Hackett says that the port of
Pago-Pago is destined to grow in im
portance and to prove of the greatest
convenience to the commerce of the
United States in that part of the world.
Pago-Pago ha« become a regular port of
call for the fast mail steamers of the
Oceanic line.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WKLLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.-Bids
have been invited by Rear Admiral
O'Neil. Chief of Ordnance, for the forg
ings for twenty-two twelve-Inch guns.
These gun? will cost the Crovernment
mere than $7,000,000. With twenty others
under construction at the Washington
gun foundry, they will form th« main
batteries of the battleships building and
authorized. The invitation for bids
followed the successful trial test of the
twelve-inch gun at the Indian Head prov
ing grounds'.
Secretary Long's" annual report will be
published on Tuesday next. In connec
tion with his rt- commendation for an In
crease of the^army, he has incorporated
in his report recommendations of the gen
eral policy board, board on construction
and Rear Admiral Hichborn,- chief con
structor. He has submitted also his own
recommendation on the line stated in
The Call. A determined effort will be
made by the department to Induce Con
greits to make an appropriation of $225,-
W) tor the enlargement and maintenance
of the naval station of Tutulla in the Sa
moan Islands. Commander B. F. Tilley.
commandant of the station, earnestly
rr-commended that a small alotment be
made from any appropriation* Congress
may make which will enable him to con
ptruct roads across the island. Com
mander Tilley has notified the department
of the peaceful and orderly character of
the native* and his enlistment of a small
force to act as an armed guard.
Building.
To Form the Batteries of
the Wafship3 Now
ASKS FOR BIDS
FOR BIG GUNS
He was taken to Morristown, N. J.,
heavily ironed to-day and was committed
as a private patient to the State Hospital
at Morristown Heights. The commitment
was made at the instance of his father,
R. W. Mellick. a wealthy farmer of New
Germantown, N. J. James La Boyde, an
attendant in the Detention Hospital at
Chicago, brought Mellick here. He tells
the story of assault and robbery.
Mellick had been in Chicago several
days, had sola his cattle and was prepar
ing to return to the Snake River country.
On the evening of November 17, with a
large roll of bills, he started out to visit
the theaters. >^ato that nlgi.t he stag
gered Into the hotel where he had been
staying and asked for a loan of $2 with
which to pay the cabman for bringing him
horn* 5 . The cabman said he had found
MHliek out near Lincoln Park on the
boulevard, wandering around In a dazed
condition. His money, watch, rings and
all valuables were missing. The next
morning Melliok drew a check for a mil
lion dollars and ordpred a thousand-dollar
banquet to be served by mo waiters in 'his
room. The proprlotor called a physician
and policeman, and Mellick. after a strug
gle, was taken to the Detention Hospital.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— W. F. Mellick,
former president of the National Bank of
Pocatello. Idaho, and "Cattle King" of
the Snake River, Is now a raving lunatic,
the result, it is thought, of having been
sandbagged in Chicago a week ago.
Ex-Bank President Com
mitted to Asylum in
Idaho.
SANDBAGGING
SHATTERS REASON
LEAVENWORTli, Nov. 22.— The hear
ing in the habeas corpus proceedings in
the case of Oberlln M. Carter, late cap
tain of engineers, U. S. A., will come up
In the United States District Court in
this city to-morrow morning. Judge Thay
er of St. Louis will sit in the case.
Capialn Carter has made an effort to
have the case* heard without having to
appear in court, desiring to avoid thu
gaze of the curious. This request has
been denied. However, he will be spared
the degradation of appearing In his prison
uniform.
Colonel John W. Clous, judge advocate
of the military court which tried and
sentenced Carter will be present to as
sist the United States Attorney.
Frank P. Blair of Chicago, attorney for
Carter, and General Grosvenor of Wash
ington. D. C. arrived to-day. 'V-- ,
Captain Carter to Appear In Court.
ens (Mark Twain) was at the office of the
chief of the Bureau of Licenses to-day to
make a. formal complaint against a cab
man, whom he charged with extortion
and Insisting on an overcharge. Mr.
Clemens secured the suspension of the
cabman's license.
William Beck. th« cabman, admitted
that he tried to charge Jl 50 for driving
Mrs. Clemens' maid from the Grand Cen
tral station to the Clemens residence,
though the legal fare is only |L
yTATTK TWAm SECURES THE
DISCHARGE OF A CABMAN
Driver Sought to Collect a Higher
Bate Than Is Allowed
by Law.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— Samuel I* Clem-
KANSAS C1TT. Mo.. Nov. 22.— A special
to the Star from Eldorado. Kans , says:
The attorneys for the defense In the case
of Miss Jessie Morrison, charged with th«
murder of Mrs. G. Olin Castle, havinff
failed to delay proceedings by their mo
tions of abatement and to quash the in
dictment and the panel, the selection ot
a jury was taken up this morning. By
11:30 o'clock the entire panel cf twenty
four men had been examined. Only two
who had not already formed an 3pmion
on the case were found. The otherj mra
declared ineligible and excused. A rev.*
venire was ordered drawn and a recess
till the afternoon was taken.
To-day again the courtroom was crow-l
ed with spectators, many of them, as on
yesterday being women. Olin Ca3il^ tat
beside' his father-in-law, closely watchm*r
the lawyers and venlremen and fpewil
Miss Morrison, who. from her seat near
the jurybox. dreamily watched th** slow
moving proceedings. The examination of
talesmen proved dull and monotonous anil
the prisoner, whose feet do not touch, tho
floor as she sits in the bis: chair wit'iin
the enclosure, became visibly tired.; ar.d
nervous. ¦
Pretty Prisoner Grows Tired and
Nervous as the Examination
Slowly Proceeds.
BUT TWO JURORS FOXTND
IN THE MORRISON CASE
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.—Represent
ative George W. Steele of Indi
ana, a member of the House
Ways and Means Committee, is
quoted in a special from Wash
ington 33 saying of the work of the ap
proaching short session:
"I express my personal judgment only
when I say that it woul'd be a good thing
for Congress to take action toward mater
ially reducing the number and amount of
taxes being paid by the people under the
present revenue act. I do not think there
Is much doubt concerning the passage of
the ship subsidy bill during this session.
The intention Is to ret this measure be
fore the House as early as possible. It is
a bill that ought certainly to pass.
"Under present conditions. I am not In
clined to favor the establishment of an
army of 100.000, as Is being advocated in
certain sections. Under the present law
we have from 63,000 to 65,000 men. That Is
quite a large army. Now. when the con
ditions become such that an army of that
size is not needed, we could easily, reduce
the number. I am not in favor of a perm
anent army of 100.000 Just now, because I
want to ascertain before I vote on the
subject Just how many men we are likely
to need when the army in Porto Rico
has been reduced, when troops have been
withdrawn from Cuba, and when the war
in the Philippines resolves Itself into some
tangible form or is concluded and guerril
la warfare is stopped.
"I think that the bill providing for a
reapportlonment In nccordance with the
Increase of population will be passed.
Some States under this law will no doubt
suffer, while others will benefit. • I do
not think that the subject of decreased
Southern representation as a separate
matter will be considered at this session.
There Is no time for the decision of that
problem during a short session."
New Figuft in Pugilism.
A new figure has loomed up on the
pugilistic horizon. Herman J. Witte. a
lawyer from Cincinnati, has called upon
Corbett and Champion Jeffries with an
offer of $15,000 for a twenty-round bout,
to take place on or before February 15.
Mr. Witte' s offer was practically ac
cepted by Corbett. who said that he would
increase the purse to $20,000 by adding
$5000 to the original amount bid. Jeffries,
however, refused to consider the propo-
The following Calif ornians are in New
Tork: From San Francisco— H. C.
Breden is. at the Savoy: F. Brooks is at
the Metropolitan; Miss Gibbs and J. Glbbs
are at the Cadillac; Mrs. W. Hill is at the
Navarre: J. E. Lombard is at the Astor;
Mrs. W. P. Morgan Is at the Herald
Square; Mrs. M. F. Robinson is at the
Navarre; J. A. Story and wife are at the
Vendome; G. A. Story and wife are at the
Astor; C. S. Benedict and C. J. Benedict
are at the Gilsey; S. M. Bettman, Miss B.
Bettman and F. P. Bodkin are at the
Grand; H. Hume and A. Meyersteln are
at- the Hoffman; M. Curtis is at the
Herald Square; G. E. Dow is at the Gll
sey; D. Moses and E. Rideout are at the
Criterion.
From Los Angeles— Miss Hyatt Is at the
Bartholdi: H. G. Otis is at the Hoffman;
R. H. Sanborn is at the Bartholdi: H.
Loughlin Jr. is at the Herald SJfuare; C.
B. Richards of San Diego is at the Mur
ray Hill.
Standard Oil shares made another high
record to-day, selling up to $741 a share.
"ex-<Jivldend." This represents a jump of
twenty-one points" for the day and is
equivalent to an advance of thirty-one
points, the dividend being ten per cent.
Californiana in New York.
-A committee composed of S. "W. Setton
and Frank Turner of Rama, Blueflelds
River, Nicaragua, representing the Inter
ests of the independent banana growers,
Js spending a few days here for the pur
pose of completing arrangements looking
into the establishment of a direct steamer
service for the benefit of the banana
growers. On Saturday the committee will
meet a number of the leading banana job
bers to discuss the situation and formu
late plans.
Standard Oil Stock Jumps.
Mr. Wltte said- that he represented the
Business Men's Association of Cincinnati,
and was instructed to offer $15,000 or sixty
per cent of the gross receipts for a go be"
tween Corbett and Jeffries. The Mayor of
the city, according to Mr. Wltte. has
given the promoters sanction to have one
contest before February 15, so as to aid
the Business Men's Association fund. The
organization has for some time occupied
the convention hall, but as it will vacate
the building In February, it is the oncers*
intention to hold a big fight there to make
up a deficit in the association's fund be
fore going. V
To Promote Banana Trade.
sitlon. saying that conditions were out of
the question.
Believes in Reducing the Wa
Tax and Increasing Army.
music to Shakespeare's "Tempest." He
I produced numerous cantatas, overtures
I and oratorios during the next decade, but
! his international fame was made by his
operas and operettas.
His "Pinafore" was an almost unex
ampled success on the English-speaking
nagp. This was first produced In 1S7S. In
the following year appeared "The Piratts
of Penzance." Then successively were
brought out those otht-r universally pop
ular operas — "Patience." "lolanthe."
"Princess Ida" and "The Mikado." Ha
was also the author of the incidental
music to some of the most popular of
Shakespearean plays. Cambridge Uni
versity conferred upon him the degree of
Doctor of Music. France recognized his
talent by making 'him a Chevalier of th-T
legion of Honor. In 1SS3 Queen Victoria
knighted Arthur Sullivan at Windsor. Th«
librettos to his most successful comic
operas were written by W. S. Gilbert of
London. The death of Sir Arthur will In*
deeply regretted in the musical world ana
where%*er delightful music Is appreciated.
Infected With the Plague. .
A Cape Town special says: In connec
tion with the plague. Sir Alfred 'Milner,
the British High Commissioner, has pro
claimed that all the east coast ports of
South Africa between the tenth and for
tieth parallels are infected. .
The- Noted Musical Composer
Dies of Heart Disease.
LONDON. Nov. 15.— Sir Arthur Sul
liyan, tlie musical composer.- is
dead. ; His deaih was vory sud
den. At 9 o'clock this mornipg ha
tras laughing: in his house, but
, died a few minutes later of heart failure.
! Sir Arthur Sullivan r.id been ailing since
' he returned from Switserland in the mid
dle of September. He caught a chill there,
i and his chest and lunj,". c became affected.
! He took to hi.* bed a fortnight ago, but
was convalescing and sitting up in bed
just before he expire*?.
Sir Arthur Seymour Sullivan was one
of the most distinguished and successful
composers of his day. He was born in •
London -May 13. 1M2. anj reared in a very,
atmosphere of music. His father was the
principal professor at Kneller Hall, the
training school for British military bands.
Young Arthur received his first pystemallc
instruction in music at the Chapel Royal.
St. James', and he was still a chorister
when, at the age of 14. he won the Men
delssohn scholarship. After studying un
der Bennett ajid Gos:?. he spent three
years at the Leipzig Conservatory, and,
returning to Encland in 1?C1. brought will*
him an oripinal composition which at
once obtained favor for him. It was the
THE LATE SIB ARTHUR SULLIVAN. THE DISTINGUISHED MUSICAL
COMPOSER. WHO DIED SUDDENLY "FROM HEART. DISEASE,
WHILE APPARENTLY RECOVERING FROM LUNG TkOUBLE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— The ©lection of
fifteen directors for the Associated Press
was held yesterday. The baJlotin;? was
very heavy. The count shows the electlci
of the following gentlemen: Frank IX
Noyes, Washington Star; Charles W.
Knapp. St. Louis Republic; Victor V.
Lawson. Chicago .Record and Chicago
Daily News; Stephen O'Meara. Bosta:*.
Journal; Albert J. Barr, PUtsbtirtr Pest:
Harvey W. Scott, Portland (Or.) Oxon
ian and Portland Telejnram: Gcortu
Thompson: St. Paul Dlspat-lli: W. I* Mi-
Lean, Philadelphia Evening Bulletin: Dnn
C. Seitz. New York World; Herman Rkl
der. New York Staats-Zeitun;?; Them;;*
G. Rapier. New Orleans Picayune; CliarUs
P. Taft. Cincinnati Tnnew-Star: Charles
H. Ga3ty. Baltimore Kvenmsr Nf :
Whltelaw Reid, New York Tribune; M. II.
de Younc. San Francisco Chronicle.
The directors subsequently met ana
elected the following officers: Frank M.
Noyes. "Washington Star, president: Clai«
Howell. Atlanta Constitution, flr^t v!cf
president; Thomas M. Patterson. Rocky
Mountain News. Denver, Colo.. s«-cor<I
vice president: Melville E. Stone, secre
tary and manager: Charles S. Diehl. ;iss!s
tant secretary and assistant general mar
aper; V. P. Snyder, New .York, treasure.
Executive committee— Stephen O'Mcara.
Don C Seitz. Frank D. Noycs. Victor K
Lawson and Charles W. Khapp.
Star Elected President and Mel
ville E. Stone Manager.
NEW OFFICERS CHOSEN
F-OR ASSOCIATED FBES3
Frank B. Noyes of the Washington
Report That This Country "Will Take
a Slice of China.
NEW STORK, Nov. 22.-A Journal spe
cial from Washington says: Several days
r.po a Congressman who called at the
Av nit* House was informed that the
1 nited State? would probably have to
take possession of a # port. and Amoy was
n:ggeste<l as the one the I'nited States
rould take and which would, of all Chi
use ports, be the most advantageous to
this country.
The State Department v to-day aban
<i<ine<1 all discussion of a m*re port, and
that a good slice of terrttoty is to be this
country's portion when the earvlne is
done is certain. The strip in all prob
ability will be bounded by Fuchow on
the north and Swatow on the south, in
cludinsr Amoy. a port located convenlentlv
rear the Philippine* and only a short dis
tsnee further away from the archipelago
Than is Hongkong.
TERRITORY FOR AMERICA.
According to the best information of the
Ftate Department tach power propose.* tj
submit a demand for expenses of its «.x-
I'edition to and while, in Chin i. . The
longer the troops stay in 'he empir° the
Jonper will be. the bill. TV.- v.-ithdrawal
Df American troops and the establi^iircen;
of a !ep«tion puard will result in making
the expense account of the Amcican
army much less than will be the case
fif other troops. The War and Navy de-
Jiartments have been preparing a state
ment of the cost of the «rmy and navy
or>eratlons of this Government and an
poon as they are complete they will be
f unreined to Secretary Hay. Vhj will
forward them to Mr. t'onper. It is doi'br
ful if the American bill of expenses will
be more thaai 52 .« to .000. Thin will, of
course, be outside of the- demand for in
demnity for the killing of American :r.is-
Fionarles and other American citizens.
Much as the authorities would H'm.i u.
have jn Pckinpr a representative ur;:irr*ct
+<\ by any feeling- of hatred for. ttw Chi
nese and with a desire for revenge, it Is
<1e« med inexpedient to reli. re Mr. Co::
jrer. The authorities have don" the besr
They could under the circumstance? in
«1esipnatinic Mr. Rockhill an adviser of the
American legation. Mr. Ro -khlll is very
conservative and it Is apparent that hi*
advice has not altocether been he-'ded.
erpeelally in the matter of nunishn:^nts.
The administration has no intention. h:>w
ever, of letting- Mr. Conger pursn? ihe
vengeance policy which he and other Min
isters favor. Instructions sent him som?
days ago relative to the presentation of
a demand for punishment which the im
perial Government can execute have been
ir prated.
5r*claJ.Di*p«tch to' The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 22-On :h?
Theory of giving CJermany -?nouj?h rope li»
tlie hope that she v.-lll hang herself the
administration has adopted a -waiting
policy in the matter of the Chln-^e ne
pntiations. No action has been take:i upon
•.Jermany'? proposal to 'moke, the v-x.-cu
tion of the responsible authors *«jf tht
outrages a condition preeedriH to the con
tinuance of negotiations, "he President
ha*= decided, it Is understood, that lhifc
matter can very well rest until turtlivr
(lovolojimontp show what the German and
other governments opjwsed tu prompt net
tloment propose to do. At the £anv:- tl:ne
Air. fonper will, in accordance " with his
Instructions and notwithstanding bis con
irary view, earnestly advocate that'll
powen adopt a demand wnich th<? Chi
nee Government will be able to comply
with. -
Pressure is l*Hng applied by this Gov
ernment to the oth<-r powers to forln?
•nbout a reduction of their forces In China.
The desire of the l'nit<-d States is causeel
Jiot only by the probability that t!?e 're
tir«ment of troops will induce the :nT);-rial
<ourt to return to Reking. but al.io be
tause the bill of ear h Gove-.iment f'.r in
demnity will be smaller.
According to the best information of the
Ftate Department *ach power propose.* tj
submit a demand for pspen^es of its «.x-
I«*iition to and while, in Chin i. . The
longer the troops stay in 'he empir° the
Jonfcfr will be the bill. TV.- withdrawal
Df American troops and the establi«iin;en;
of a lepwtion ruard will result in making
the expense account of the Amcican
army much less than will be the case
fif other troops. The War and Navy de- 1
jiartments have been preparing a state
ment of the cost of the «rmy and navy
orxratlons of this Government and an
poon as they are complete they will be j
f ubmitted to Secretary Hay. "whj will '
forward them to Mr. Conger. It is dot'br- ,
ful if the American bill of expends will
be more than 52 .« to .000. This will, of
course, be outside of the- demand for in
demnity for the killing of American :r.is-
Fionarles and other American citizens.
Much as the authorities would lite to !
have in Pekinp a representative un.-ifr.ect- ;
+<\ by any feeling- of hatred for. ttw Chi-
Dew and with a desire for revenge, it Is
<1e« med inexpedient to reli. re Mr. Co::
jrer. The authorities have don" the besr !
They could under the circumstance? In I
«1esipnatinic Mr. Rockhill an adviser of the
American legation. Mr. Ro -khill is very 1
conservative and it is apparent that hi* :
advice has not altocether been banded, j
especially <n the matter of nunishn^nts.
The administration has no -.mention. h:>v/- {
• ver. of Jettinp Mr. Conp^r pur?u> the j
vengreance policy which he and other Min- 1
jsters favor. Instructions sent him som? •
days ago relative to the presentation of
a demand for punishment which the im
perial Government van execute have been
lepeatcd.
No Action Yet Taken Upon Proposal
of Germany Concerning . the Pun
ishment of Parties Respon
sible for Outrages.
Policy of the Administration
Relative to Chinese
Affairs.
HOW PLAYING
A WAITING GAME
Chairman Payne was at first disposed to
oppose any reduction in excess of $20,000.
000. but Secretary Gage convinced him
and other Republican members of the
committee that it would be safe to cut
off $10,000,000 more.
The total cut In the documentary tax
schedule will foot up about $20,000,000 and
the repeal of proprietary taxes and modi
fication of legacy taxes will foot up about
$5,500,000 more, leaving about $4,500,000 t&
be cut off to bring the total up to $30,000,
0C0.' It is probable that this will be accom
plished by repeal of the special taxes im
posed by the war. revenue acts on banks,
bankers, brokers, billiard tables, bowling
alleys, theaters, circuses and other places
of amusement.
Persistent efforts are still being made to
have beer and tobacco taxes reduced, but
thus far they have not met with success,
and it is- not probable that any change
will be made in either of these schedule?.
Efforts are also being made to have
further changes made in legacy taxes, in
view of the fact that legacies are taxed
under the laws of some of the States.
Special excise taxes on refiners of petro
leum and sugar will probably be retained.
The reductions are much heavier than the
leading members of the Ways and Means
Committee contemplated before Secretary
Gage appeared before them and made his
statement showing that the condition of
the Treasury v.as such as to warrant a
material reduction in revenues.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— All pro
prietary stamp taxes and many of the
documentary stamp taxes will be repealed
by the bill which the Republican members
of the House Committee on Ways and
Means are engaged in framing. The gen
eral features of the ' bill were agreed to
before adjournment of the committee this
afternoon and the sub-committee consist
ing of Representatives Payne of New
York, Dalzell cf Pennsylvania and Hop
kins of Illinois was appointed to confer
with the Commissioner 6f Internal Rev
enue and draft the measure. As soon as
this .draft Is prepared it will be submitted
to a meeting of all Republican members
of the committee- and a meeting of the
entire committee, including the Demo
cratic members, will be called for Satur
day. December .1, ¦when the text of the
bill will be made public.
Unusual efforts are being made to keep
the details of the proposed bill secret, but
it has been learned that it is not the
present intention to make any reductions
in taxes on spirits, fermented liquors or
tobacco. The entire reduction will amount
to about $30,000,000. Taxes that it has been
fully determined to repeal are those in
schedule B of the war revenue act. em
bracing proprietary taxes, amounting to
about $5,000,000; taxes oft telegrams and
express receipts amounting to about $2,
000.000;.legacy taxes on bequests to re
ligious, educational and charitable Institu
tions, roughly estimated at $500,000, and
taxes on mortgages, promissory ' notes,
checks and drafts, insurance policies and
premiums, warehouse receipts, certificates
of various kinds; deeds and practically all
other documentary stamps, except those
on stock exchange transactions.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
Republican Members of the Ways
and Means Committee Make
Rapid Progress in Formu
lating the New Bill.
Proprietary Articles, Deeds
and Mortgages to Be
Exempted.
CHANGES IN THE
WAR REVENUE TAX
PARIS. Nov. 22.— A dispatch to tb-»
Temps from Rome says the Pope yester
day visited the Basilica of St. Peter's and
experienced such fatigue that, he had to
take to his bed. It la further claimed
that ho fainted twice.
Exhaustion of His Holiness Was So
Severe That H» Was Forced
to Take to His Bed for
Best.
•Visits the Basilica and Is
Overcome by
Fatigue.
POPE FAINTS
FROM EXERTION
SIR ARTHUR SULLIVAN
PASSES AWAY SUDDENLY
REPRESENTATIVE STEELE
TALKS OF LEGISLATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1900
CONGRESSMAN GEORGE W. STEELE OF INDIANA. A MEMBER OF
THE WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE. WHO IS INTERESTED IX
REDUCING THE WAR REVENUE TAX.
Maurice Brenman, One of the St.
Louis Strikers/ Sentenced to
Serve Ten Years'. ' •
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 22.— Maurice Brenman,
arrested for dynamiting property of the
St.. Louis .Transit Company; during. the
recent street railway strike, was found
guilty by a jury to-day and sentenced to
serve ten yearn in the penitentiary. ....
Fred North way and James Schwartz,
who were indicted with Brenman, will bo
tried goon. - -
FOUND GUILTY OF HAVING
DYNAMITED STREET CARS
l*»her, a daughter of Captain Alfred J.
Kelleher of San Francisco and who for
the past three years has been a member
of Daniel Frohman's stock company, Is
to be married to George Hlckson. a rich
voung lumber merchant of Chicago. The
wedding will occur at the Church of the
Transflgwatlon Thanksgiving morning.
Dr. Houghton will officiate. Only mem
bers from Frohman's company will be
present at the ceremony. The bride will
be given away by Mrs. Thomas Whiffen,
a l*o of the Frohman company. Mrs.
Whlffen Is an aunt of Miss Kelleher. The
bridegroom will be attended by his
brother. Robert Hlckson. a student at
Yale. After the wedding Mr. Hlckson
will return to Chicago and his wife will
continue on the stage. The wedding trip
will be postponed until next: cummer,
when the couple will go to China.
Captain Alfred J. Kelleher,' the father
of the bride-elect, is a well-known
musician of San Francisco and was an of
ficer in the First California volunteers
during the war with Spain.
Bride-Elect a Daughter of Captain
Kelleher of This City, and an
Actress With Frohman.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— Blanche Kel-
BLANCHE KELLEHER TO WED
CHICAGO LUMBER 2EERCHAI
So Great Is the Crush at Opening of
* the Box Office That Scalpers
Reap a Harvest.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Theater-ticket
speculators yesterday on the sidewalk in
front of the Garden Theater held seats
for Mme. Bernhardt'i opening perform
ance in "L'Alglon" next Monday night at
$25 each. The box-office price is tf. The
public, unable to buy Beats at the thea
ter, rebelled at the exorbitant charge.
The advance sale of seats for the en
gagement has proved larger than any
other since Pattl, In her prime, visited
New York. On Wednesday night the to
tal receipts, including checks for season
tickets, amounted to $80,000, and yester
day's sale swelled the total to more than
$100,000.
Richard Mansfield objected to having
the Bcrnhardt sale conducted in the same
box office with the sale of seats for his
laet performances of "Henry V," so , a
special box office was constructed for him
in the lobby of &e theater. The actor's
reason was that the crush in front of the
window was too great for the comfort of
his patrons.
TWO TORPEDO BOATS ARE
SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCHED
Blakeley and De Long Leave the
Ways Amid Big Crowd at
South Boston.
BOSTON. Nov. 22 -The torpedo boats
Blakeley and. De Long, which have been
under construction at the works . of
George Lawley & Son, South Boston,
were successfully launched to-day. In
vitations for the double event called to
gether a very large attendance of specta
tors and many distinguished guests
The Blakeley is named for Captain
Johnston Blakeley. who was born in Ire
land in 1771, and, who became famous as
commander of the fighting ship Wasn in
the war of- 1812. f , » ;
Mrs. Sophie Laurie de Long Mills ¦ of
New York christened = the De Long amid
much cheering. She is the daughter- of
Lieutenant . Commander, de for
whom the boat was named. \ :
The contracr-for, the: Blakeley; and the
D« Long caljed. for boats of 163 tons dis
placement, with a speed of 26 knots per
hour.
TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS FOR
TICKETS TO SEE BERNHARDT
"SAVE FORESTS,
STORE FLOODS"
Scipi'o Craig's Motto for
the National Irrigation
Congress.
CHICAGO. Nov. 22.— The National Irr,*
patlon Congress, which began its ninth
annual session here last night, got down
to business to-day. President Elwood
Mead of. Wyoming presided. Sciplo Craig
of California made a motion that the
motto of the congress be "Save the For
ests, Btore the Floods," and that a com
mittee on resolutions flt instructed to
draft a memorial getting forth the ob
jects of the congress and showing the im
portance of the reclamation of the arid
lands in the United States and to report
Saturday.
On motion of ex-Governor J. Bradford
Prince of New Mexico committees on
credentials, organization, rules and reso
lutions were appointed, consisting of men
from each State and Territory represent
ed. Captain Hiram M. Chittenden of the
United States Engineer Corps wars then
introduced and spoke on relations of the
general Government to reservoir construc
tion.
At the conclusion of Captain Chitt«m •
den's address a seneral discussion fol
lowed on the storage of water by the Gov
ernment for Irrigation purposes.'
At the night session a letter from Vice
President-elect Roosevelt was read, in
which ho said:
. I believe to th? last point In the vital nec°s
*lty of storing the floods ami preserving the
forests, especially throughout the plains of the
Rocky Mountain region. The problem of the
development of th* Greater West Is In part a
problem of Irrigation. I naturally believe In
Government clvlnsr generous aid to the mov-.
ment, for It Is not po?eible. and If It were poo-.
Bible It would not be wise to have this storage
work done merely through private ownership,
and owlnsr to the peculiar necessities _of the
case much of the work must be donlTy the
national and not by any State government.
A letter was also read from General
Nelson A. Miles. In which he said:
2
Wm There is an advantage in buying your neckwear here^ — in e3
HI fact, many advantages. We sell at clothieri' profits, which are Eg
|9| far less than exclusive haberdashers'— or. in other word?, we are Em
ps9 in a position to have better material put in our 50 cent ties as we !^f
nj pay more to the manufacturers for the goods. _ |?|
yQ The tie here pictured represents a lot that have iust come §J
£3 from the silk looms — been made up but a short while. They $ -A
H§ come in the new . shape four-in-hands, tecks and imperials, and Bjc
pH the colorings and patterns are so exquisite that you must see gap
Eg them to appreciate their attractiveness. • gy
||| Out-of-town orders tiffed— write us. • > §£|
I sftWoop&fo I
H . 718 Market Street. IISANTA BARBARA. Nov. 22.— A local
section boss named Green went home last
night in an intoxicated condition after
a prolonged spree. He met his daughter,'
a girl of 18 years, and attempted to shoot
her. Tho revolver ho drew missed fire
though he snapped It at the ghTs temple
a number of times. He then beat and
attempted to strangle her. Green Is a
powerful man when sober, but was too
drunk to hurt her much before help ar
rived. A charge of disturbing the peace
was placed against him and he pleaded
guilty. Had there been other witnesses
than his own family the charge would
have been heavy.
• ¦ ¦
Talbot Arrested.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 22.— Sheriff John
son has caused the arrest of Walter Tal
bot and May Graham, a domestic, on
suspicion of having taken part In the
robbery- of $1000 in Jewelry and diamonds
from the residence of Frank Ruhstaller.
the wealthy brewery man, on H street
Monday, night last. The family was at
dinner when somebody entered the house
unobserved and rifled a Jewel box in a
front room, escaping without detection.
May Graham had been a domestic In the
Ruhstaller house, but was discharged
some, hours before the robbery. She was
known to have kept company, with Tal
bot. who vuntil recently was a hotel
waiter. i
Conductor Bobbed.
SEATTLE.- Nov, 22.— Within six feet of
his own door at '7 o'clock . this evening
Albert Miller, ;" a conductor ¦ on - the . Great
Northern Railway, was held up and
robbed by two masked men. One of the
robbers made him keep his .hands in • the
air while the other desperado went
through his pockets and took $G0 in cash
and a valuable gold watch, and chain.
FULL telegraphic communication
with the outside world, disturbed
by the recent storm,' has once
more been restored. The big storm
which raised such havoc with the
telegraph and telephone wires all over, the
State appears to have exhausted, tempor
arily at least, its supply of ammunition,
and while meditating whether to burst
forth afresh or shift its course, humanity
is endeavoring to calculate to what extent
the benefits from the much-prayed-for
rain will be offset by the damage that has
'been wrought.
It is safe to say that not in many years
has Southern California experienced a
fiercer demonstration from the elements,
and those who have felt the storm's fury
most — whose property. has been wrecked —
marvel that there are no fatalities to
record or catastrophles to describe.
According to reports received by the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe companies
yesterday afternoon, the storm showed no
mercy for the lines of either of these big
roads. Seemingly solid earthworks, upon
which tracks were laid, were undermined
as if they had been loose piles of soft
sand; rails were torn up and carried along
with the rushing torrents ,11k* toothpicks
floating in a basin of water; telegraph
poles were rooted out of the earth or
snapped in two, while wires were twisted
and tangled Into a thousand knots. Great
gulches were mowed out of the ground
thirty feet deep and several hundred feet
long; massive stone abutments were car
ried off like so much chaff and even the
stout spans of iron bridges failed to with
stand the wind and water. .
Thousands of dollars' worth of damage
has been done to railroad property in this
State alone. Officials of the two roads
say it is many years since so much Injury
was caused by a single storm. It will
take many days to repair the damage in
some sections. Every available workman
has been put to work and the companies
are doing everything in their power to
prevent total demoralization of their
roads.
Another Storm Coming-.
A second storm Is reported to be on Its
way. There has been a decided change in
the temperature in Northern California
and according to Weather Prophet Mc-
Adie this section may get some snow for
a change. The second deluge which may
strike the coast has been sighted off Van
couver Island. Its path Is a little uncer
tain, but Mr. McAdie says there is a fair
chance that at least a section of it will
strike San Francisco. ¦ -
Shortly after the noon hour yesterday
the Southern Pacific Company's telegraph
operators were able to communicate with
the outside world In a satisfactory man
ner. Before that time the lines for more
than twenty-four hours were either en
tirely or partially out of order. A raft of
telegrams began to pour into Manager
Fillmore and G. F. Richardson master of
transportation, late in the afternoon, and
the heads of these departments were kept
busy until a late hour sending out instruc
tions.
There were seventeen different wash
outs between here and Los Angeles
These were hurriedly repaired, and at 4 "30
yesterday afternoon the first train for the
day was sent out.
The limited through train which is due
here at 10:16 a. m. was. according to last
reports received yesterday afternoon,
stalled at Pomona, east of Los Angeles
Between Pomona and Bassett terrible
havoc was raised with the road. Rails
and ties were broken and standing ver
tically for a distance of many hundred
feet.
The "flll" at San Demas Is washed out
to a depth of thirty feet. A stretch of
half a mile of track has been washed out
on the Santa^Ana branch track and some
of the rails were carried ten feet.
Tore TJp Rails and Ties.
A stretch of 1480 feet of track was wash
ed off the bed a mile west of Puente; also
300 feet at Yerbas crossing, and ten minor
washouts between Puente and Oil Siding.
There were also washouts at Burbank,
Ravena and Merced.
Some damage is reported on the new
Coast division. Word reached the local
offices yesterday that the inspection party
composed of Vice President H. B. Hunt
ington. Chief Engineer Hood and General
Manager Kruttschnltt had left Salinas to
continue its inspection. The party was
stalled at Pajaro, where a tunnel col
lapsed and blocked the track.
The Santa Fe did not suuer quite as
much as the Southern Pacific, though
grave fears are entertained lest tho storm
continues to work east, where it would be
likely to injure the Santa Fe most.
General Manager W. G. Xevin, whose
headquarters is in Los Angeles, arrived
in the city yesterday on a special train.
He reports numerous small washouts
along the route.
"We have spent a great deal of money
of late." said Mr. Kevin last evening, "in
fortifying ourselves against storms of this
kind, and but for this fact I think the
damage to the Santa Fe lines would have
been much greater.
"But it is bad enough as It Is. It would
take a terrific storm to hurt us at all" so
you can judge for yourself the severity of
this storm. It seemed to me more like a
cloudburst. We hope to have all our
trains running on time again by Friday.
Train No. 5 from Bakersfleld, due here at
8 a. m. did not get in until 4:30 this after
noon."
At Le Grande the Marlposa Creek flood
ed the tracks to such a depth that it was
impossible for a train to get through. On
the Santa Ana road workmen had Just
finished the construction of a new bridge;
yet, despite its newness, the storm swept
away one pier and two spans an- i».u
other damage that will take some time to
repair.
The Rain That Fell.
The following table shows the rainfall
In Inches in several California towns dur
ing the twenty-four hours ending at 7
o'clock yesterday morning; also the tem
perature:
Ther. , — —Rain ,
7 A. M. Last24Totlfor
Station— Nov. 22. Hours. Season.
San Francieco SI .02 c.CT
Oakland 60 .16 6.92
Llvermore 49 .45 95
Stockton 60 .22 6.46
Berenda 62 ,<j0 6.93
Fresno 60 .60 6.42
Bakersfleid 60 .60 1.60
Portervllle 64 .73 S.48
Beats His Daughter.
Reports of Widespread Damage Continue to Arrive and Railroad Traffic in
/ Southern California Is Still Impeded.
TRANSPORT LEELANAW PASSES THROUGH
A GREAT STORM OFF THE CHINA COAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 190O.
SAUNAS BlVEit RISING.
Does Considerable Damage Through-
out Monterey County.
BALINAS, Nov. 22.— As the result of
the recent rainstorm throughout Monte
rey County the Salinas River has been
rising rapidly and doing damage '.n- sev
eral places. At tho Spreckels sugar fac
tory, which !s situated on the river bank,
watchmen have been kept constantly on
the lookout for any unusual turbulence
of the stream. '- The large jetties have
been taxed to their utmost, and if the
water rises much more will undoubtedly
be damaged greatly. The river is report
ed as being higher now than for many
years.
To-n!ght the machinery at the factory
was closed down and tho night shift laid
off. Up. to the present time it has rained
5.59 inches for this storm and 6.16 for the
season. - '
FTJLL.ERTON. Nov. 21.— The' heavy rain
of last nigbt caused high water over the
entire valley. The water ran Into the
stores and all buildings on the lower end
of Sparda street ana the railroad was
washed out in many places. The town is
covered with mud and oily slush. The
water ran into Stern & Goodman's de
partment store, causing heavy damage.
The lumber yard is under water and sev
eral brick buildings were undermined.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 22.— The Santa Ana
River Is out of its banks to-night and
flooding valuable farming lands in a new
course to» the sea. Low-lying celery lands
south of here are partially submerged
and much of the crop will be ruined.
Stock Is being removed to higher ground,
as the water is still rising.
LOS OLIVOS. Nov. 22.— The great storm
that began here last Friday morning
came to an end last night. A stage was
overturned In Naples Creek and Mr. Par
ker of Ventura and two horses were
drowned. A wagon containing three
drummers turned turtle in Santa- Ynez
Riv»r, but its occupants escaped with a
ducking.
Shoots Her Husband.
VENTURA. Nov. 22.— Last night ¦ dur
ing a family quarrel Mrs. James Davis
discharged' a shotgun at her husband,
inflicting injuries which are thought to
be fatal. One side of his jaw was torn
away, the shot lodging in the back of
his neck. The woman Is In jail.
Despair Causes Suicide.
REPUBLIC. Wash.. Nov. 22.— Lost In
the mo'-intains, with a blinding snowstorm
around him, George Melvin despaired of
relief and shot himself last night. With
J. G. Haxisom he had gone deer hunting.
They lost their bearings and Melvin be
came exhausted. Hansom left him to
bring aid and brought news of his part
ner's danger to Republic. A relief party
weiit out this morning and found Melvin's
dead body. He had placed a revolver in
his mouth and pulled the trigger. The
body was warm when discovered. Melvin
¦was a pioneer of the reservation.
Coal Veins Pound.
TACO1IA, Wash., Nov. 22.— Three coal
veins four and a half, five and nine feet
wide have be*a found at Chlgnik Bay, 325
miles tliis side of Unlmak Pass, by pros
pectors who have teen working there sev
eral years for Thomas Mayon, manager
of the Apollo Mining Company, at Unga
Island. Tfc« veins are found very near
tide water, and Chlgnik Bay is so shel
tered that either cteam or sailing vessels
will be able to load coal there in com
plete safety. The formation was found
to be broken in places showing the coal
veins. • They have been traced for a to
tal distance of seventeen miles, making
it certain that they are close and prob
ably unbroken. Diamond drills are to b«
emploved next spring to determine the
depth and full extent of the coal meas
ures.
jes^, ALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
ff HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Nov.
vL> 22.— Advices have been received
here from Manila relating the ex
perience of the horse transport
Leelanaw In a terrific typhoon through
¦which she passed. The vessel lost 236
mules and fourteen horses, but is reported
otherwise in good condition.
The Leelanaw, which left here In the lat
ter part of last month for Manila with a
cargo of horses and mules for the use of
the troops. Is particularly unfortunate In
potting into fctonns which Involve the loss
of her cargo.
In September, 1S?9. she. ran on a reef
and was badly damaged. It was feared
ehe had broken her back. On January 23
cf this year she had an experience sim
ilar to her present one. For two weeks
ehc boat nbout in a furious gale while on
her way to Manila and lost several of her
equine "cargo. She has been, however, aa
fortunate in escaping injuries to herself
as she has been frequent in Involving her
self in difficulty. She entered the trans
port service in May, lbilS, and has since
pli«J Jietwe^n this port and Manila as a
norse transport.
MEMPHIS, Term., Nov. 22.-Tho
number of deaths from the
storm in Williamson County
Wednesday night is seven and
the property loss amounts to
many thousands of dollars. One death,
that of Clayton Tucker, has occurred
near Columbia, making the total-In that
section twenty-four. Three persons in
jured at Nolecsvllle are in a critical con
dition. Three members of the Ellis fam
ily, living at Walnut Lake. Tunica Coun
ty, Miss., were killed by Tuesday's storm.
They were blown away with their house.
Clarence Thomas, living near Corinth,
Miss., was carried away by the wind aud
no trace of him has been found.
The people of La Grange, Tenn., have
een't out an appeal for help. They say all
the business portion and nearly all the
residence portion of the town are in ruins
and many of the inhabitants are destitute.
They usk that contributions be sent to
W. B. Hancock, Mayor of the town.
DENVER, Colo.. Nov. 22.— It is impos
sible for the railroads to estimate tho
amount of damage suffered by reason of
the windstorm which swept the lines for
nearly one hundred miles along the base
of the mountains yesterday and lasc
night. The wires were blown down and
trains are moved with great caution in
the absence of telegraphic orders, seri
ously delaying traffic. Many freight cars
had their roofs blown off, station build
ings were damaged more or leas all
through the storm region and the tracks
etrewii with wreckage, which further re
tarded the movement of trams. Between
Pueblo and Colorado Springs houses were
damaged, haystacks blown away and out
buildings demolished. The property loss
will be heavy among the ranchmen.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Nov. 22.—
The city is rapidly taking on its normal
appearance after yesterday's storm. Ihe
damage will approximate $200,000 and is
due entirely to destruction by the wind,
all reports of serious lire losses being un
founded. There were ten alarms of fire
in ten hours, but no serious fires occurred.
Incandescent lights are burning to-night,
but the streets are still dark. Light wires
and telegraph wires are still strewn across
the trolley wires in many places an-1
street railway traffic will not be resumed
until some time to-morrow. About 600
houses and business blocks are damaged
and 150 trees are uprooted.
No lives were lost in the storm, and Col
onel E. T. Ensign, who was struck by a
telegraph pole and suffered a broken leg,
has the most serious injury. The storm
was not attended by rain or snow. The
gale came direct from Pikes Peak, which
is west of the city, and it blew from 1 p.
m. to 2 a. m. At 2:30 p. m., when the wind
gauge at Colorado College was destroyed,
it had registered a velocity of 82 miles
per hour. The weather to-day has been
fair and warm, with little wind.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Nov. 22.— The
path of the storm in Arkansas is strewn
with wrecked farm houses. The • fatali
ties in Lee County will not exceed six and
are confined mainly to negroes.
BUFFALO, Nov. 22.— Inspection of the
Government breakwater shows that a sec
tion about 1100 feet In length was demol
ished by the. storm of last night. This
section was being repaired and the waves
which pounded upon it dashed away so
much of the structure that extensive re
pairs will be necessary. The damage Is
estimated at 5200,000.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22.— The storm
that reached its culmination last
night was the most severe that
has been experienced in Los An
geles since tho great deluge of
1SS9.
The local Weather Bureau this morn-
Ing reported the precipitation for the
twenty-four hour3 preceding 5 a. m. to
day as 3.G6 inches, a downpour such as
has rarely been equaled in this part of
California. The total for the storm was
6.53 Inches. The Blight precipitation that
preceded the storm swelled the total for
the season to 6.79 inches.
Between 5 p. m. last night and 5 a, m.
to-day more than two Inches of rain fell
in this city. The consequence was such
a flooded condition of the streets as prac
ticaily prevented local traffic. Many of
the residents were compelled to secure
shelter down town, where the deluge had
caught them. The hotels were packed with
storm-bound guests, some, of whom live
not a mile from the center of the city.
The street-car systems were tied up on
all divisions. The passengers on tho
"Westlake line were drawn through a
flood at the corner of First street and
Fremont avenue, where the water pourod
in a torrent the full width of the street
and a foot deep.
The principal divisions of tho railway
Bystems centering at Los Angeles were
completely tied up by the storm. Wash
outs were known to exist, but no detailed
statements could be obtained to-day as
the wires were down in all directions.
Construction trains were sent out on tho
various divisions. Not a wheel was turn
ing on the Santa Fe lines, and the San
Pedro and Santa Monica divisions of the
Southern Pacific were the only ones open
to traffic this 'morning. Several washouts
on the Redondo Railway Comnany's nar
row-gauge line held the road Inactive un
til noon. The Terminal Railway beach
line was running trains this afternoon,
but the Pasadena and Glendale branches
were only open to traffic to-night Wash
outs rendering it unsafe to send out
trains were reported on both divisions.
Kast of Barstow on the Santa Fe no
trouble was experienced, but serious dif
ficulty was apprehended In the Cajon
Pass and on the Surf lino.
Los Angeles County has had a minia
ture Galveston disaster of its own. At
beautiful Terminal Island, heretofore one
of the ideal summer and winter resorts of
Southern California, more than two
blocks present a picture of desolation,
property being damaged to the extent of
$5000.
The high seas with a heavy southwest
wind dashed angrily against the bulwarks
that protected . the pretty cottages and
homes. By 7 o'clock this morning the
breakers were seven feet high and the
spray was above the second story win
dows. When the sea began rolling higher
and higher, the protecting jetties in front
of Terminal Tavern and of the cottages
were washed away and it was evident
that there was no hope of saving two of
the cottages from the fury of the great
waves. The islanders rallied to the as
sistance of the inmates of one of the cot
tages end made quick work of moving out
the furniture. The occupants of the sec
ond cottage had taken but a part of the
furniture from the house when the waves
swooped under the two doomed cottages
In the boiling, surging surf were heavy
logs and timbers that had been washed
from the Jetties. The timbers and the
angry sea together beating against the
slender supports soon knocked them out
and the front ends of the cottages went
crashing down. Tho buildings creaked
and trembled, •while the water rushed into
the rooms, destroying everything in its
way.
From Monrovia comes the story of the
worst storm in the history of the settle
ment. Colonel Baker's beautiful orchard
is badly damaged and the home of W. F.
Marshall is a sorry looking place. It is
entirely covered with rocks and debris
and the lawns and flowers completely
covered up. The grounds are as bare of
vegetation as the middle of the street.
Miss Anna Pettit and her niece had a
miraculous escape from death by drown
ing this morning while attempting to
cross the middle stream of the San Ga
briel River. The back seat of their car
riage camo out and dropped them into the
stream and they were carried down by
the swiftly running current sixty feet be
fore being rescued. Frank Thrasher at
the risk of his life, rushed into the
stream, 'the rocks knocking him about
like a piece of wood, but ho reached the
women almost exhausted and gallantly
carried them to the bank.
POMONA, Nov. 22.— Six inches of rain
fell during seven hours in this region last
night, and the severest injury ever known
has been done by the flood to all kinds of
real estate. All day yesterday rain fell
but as evening came on the downpour be-
The storm ceased at about 2 a. m At
dawn everybody in this region was up to
see how great damage had been done to
property. In some localities the Injury to
what has cost years of toll and a lot of
capital to create is pitiful. The severest
destruction In Los Angeles County has
been along the foothills in San Gabriel
Azusa and Pomona valleys. '
P. J. I>reher. secretary of the San An
tonlo Fruit Growers' Exchange, has been
out on a tour of inspection among the
citrus-growing, localities to-day. <f I be
lieve." said he. "that the damage to the
oranpe and lemon groves ; of thia reeion
Is fully 51.000.noo. A great, many men will
have to spend hundreds of, dollars to re
pair the damage to their property. Manv
proves have been damaged from $1000 to
MERCED, Nov. 22.— The overflow . of
Beer Creek last night Inundated the en
tire eastern portion : of the- town, flUintr
all cellars and yards : and ¦ making - it Im
possible lor residents of that part of town
to get to their business houses this morn
ing. ;
THE TRANSPORT I^EELlAJs'AW HAS JUST PASSED THROUGH A TYPHOON OFF THE CHINTA COAST, LOSING
HOST OF HER CARGO OF MULES. SHE HAD A SIMILAR EXPERIENCE LAST JANUARY, THE ACCOM
PANTING ILLUSTRATION SHOWING HER PLIGHT AT THAT TIME.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HSIL IUU
To icike end's meet? If *o, try the rlirht place
to lay out money and *e« how easy tt will be to
keep out of debt.
Tenal» flannel, rlffht rood quality 5e
T«nnl» flannel, high jrafle IOo
Preach flannel, ctylea pretty IOo
Eiderdown, wool, all colors 35c
Wool yarn, the $1 klnfl. per lb Tde
L.Jtt!e folk*' l&-cent ctocklngs 5c
Ldttl* folk*' waroaa and carte 25c
l/ttl* people'» pretty shoes KOc
Men's bent calf-lined eho*« S.t.oo
Men's serviceable ehoes, lace or ecnrrees.&l.tf.i
White bedspreads, full Eire $1.OO
Gray blankets, not wool, rood site TCc
Boys' cap* overcoats to 12 years 93.no
Men's etrll"*» winter o\-ercoat» $10.00
Men's stylish winter overcoats «S.OO
Men's £n« winter overcoats flO.OO
i8 do* little rrar underpants Be
*0 dor little iray underpants IOo
to aox Cray ¦underpants, larrer. 15c
15 doi grty paat«. irlrls, 10 to U 26c
L«a<lle«' H.00 pants (vests out) 60e
Ladies' &0c pants (vesta out) 25c
storeThings.
Ota- last o2er of store fixtures from upper
Boors which will be seen on Steuart-etreet en-
trant, until rold, includes:
1 rlas« case, 6 ft. long 4 ft hlffh. 4-th!ck rlass,
ccn $150, now $65. 1 store butter and meat re-
frt£er»tor. latest improved, cost SS5, now $45;
#«.v«> lt» co^t any eeason. 1 thirty- five-dollar
butchers' rmokeriouse. iron, now >*I(». 1 pier
rlaes. ?3S Urt. f 12. Tea canisters, large and
?mall; cracker cans, p&cklns C"e6. paper nold-
sm, old d*«lc«, stools, chairs, at Junk prices.
8aJe Includes GO prospectors* rockers, sold at
no each row 25o and &Oc; they do the work.
A!*o • 1000 items, troods and fixtures not now
«-ar.t«d at nominal prices. We want your r?s-
¦Ur business in family supplies at
SASlT'STORE
Our readers will foe rl»d to know that this
\. r *- iabl « house ie now runnlnr full blast
ETHier the rcanatement cf the 6MITHS'.
EEKD FOR FULL PRICE LISTS.
21-27 j Market St, San Francisco, CaL
'¦¦i . -
The picture shows a line of clothing that we have been talking about con-
siderably of. late, and which is proving to be quite popular with money-saving folks.
On the extreme, right is a black kersey overcoat of stylish length, with
velvet collar and durable linings ; it bears the union label — a guarantee" of good
workmanship ; sold here not long ago fcr §10 oo— we had too many, so thought
it best to close them out when people were in need of overcoats ; price reduced to
$6.45
In the center is a box overcoat, union made, from fine covert cloth, well
lined and tailored ; colors : tan, olive and brown — every one stylish, formerly
$12.00 ; sale price now because of overstock
$7.50
To the left is a single-breasted sack suit of blue serge, which is the most
popular suit we ever sold ; it is union made, serviceable and, as you know,
stylish — blue serge is always proper ; though the price is low, remember that
the making is good and the color is fast ; price but
As all bur ready-to-wear clothing is union made, you can count on excel-
lent workmanship. We protect you thoroughly — any customer dissatisfied
through our fault can have his money- back ; every garment kept in repair free
lor one year. .
Boys' Top Coats siS^
This week we have a particularly good value to offer Y*^*y
in our children's department — a line of all-wool, blue thibet V"L>L '
top coats for boys from 4 to 12 years old. The material is jfiE^^w
a smooth-finish goods that will wear well ; velvet collar, rff^^^^^K
four ro\vs of stitching on bottom of coat and sleeves, vent / Sy^lfl'l ftfflflV
in back like in men's overcoats ; price of the coats only /^S
$3.45 IllliR
Boys* waists, ages 5 to 12 years, all sorts of patterns and colors, m|J !ijl ||'P;^^S
2?c each. _^_ $$i« | |{j W$m
— — : IlllfppSi
Boys' all-wool sweaters, all sizes, solid colors and stripes, $1.00 ' jjMl B^|^
Boys' golf caps 15c each or two for 25c. • I |gj Wp|
Automobile coats for little girls from 3 to 13 years of age, made to ||p Ipi
order from covert cloth, satin lined, $10.00 each. =^ m W$ .
Baseball outfit, consisting of ball, bat, cap and belt free with J&^W0
every boy's suit or overcoat. - : :.;;v:i <grift*^^ "rJPJ
Out-of-town orders filled — get into communication with our mail order department and you will
save money on your c/othes and furnishings.
718 Market Street,CHAIRMAN AND TWO OF THE MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE OP
ARRANGEMENTS, WHO ARE PERFECTING PLANS FOR THE CIR
CUS MAXIMTJS NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
Church Benefit Is a Success.
The fourth performance' 6£"Melllcoe's
Medley," • presented by the memben of
the congregation of the First English
Lutheran Church \ last . night, was a de-
Schaefer Bests Saylor.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Jake Schaefer of
Chicago and Ben Saylor, champion of the
Pacific Coast, played a farewell game of
billiards of200 points to-day in Harry J.
Ubert's rooms., prior to 4 their departure
for Europe. Schaefer won by 200 to Bay
lor's 178. Saylor. then played a match
with Lloyd Jevne, the ; champion three
cushion carom player, and Saylor won by
five points, the score at the finish being
Saylor 25, Jevne 20. Schaefer and Saylor
will leave on • L/Aquitalne to-morrow lor
Paris. .
Fight a Draw.
"WHEELING. W. Va., Nov. 22.-Mya
terious Billy Smith and Mike Donovan
fought a twenty-round draw before the
Metropolitan Athletic Club to-nlsrht ,
RAILBOAD MEN ACCEPT
COMPANY'S PROPOSAL
Conference Between Fillmore and
Trainmen Ends Satisfactorily
to Both Sides.
The conference between Manager Flll
more and the railroad men was practical
ly ended yesterday, although there will be
a final gathering of the delegates and
grand officers this morning. The company
presented a final proposition to the men
yesterday and after an executive session
which lasted three hours It was agreed
to accept the terms of the new schedule.
The schedule will go into effect De
cember 1.
- Grand Master Clark said last evening
that everything had been amicably set
tled and he was well satisfied with what
had been accomplished. "It has been a
case of give and take," he said, "and as
a whole 1 think the new schedule will
prove satisfactory."
In regard to the yardmen, many of the
switchmen who protested because < they
were not given representation ,at the con
ferences have since agreed to abide by
any schedule that might be drawn up by
the two railroad " associations, so what
ever objection Is now offered will come
from only a few disgruntled ones. An
effort will be made to conciliate them and
the ; . friction will probably soon wear
away. ' •"'."iV -,"-,'¦
Seeks Wife and Coin.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 22— James R.
¦Ralne. a mining man of Las Cruoes. New
Mexico, is here in search of his wife, who
eloped with 8 bartender named Sam
Rirnms six woeks ago. taking with .her
their only child, a pirl. and $2200 in cash
which Baine had just deposited In bank
to her crWllt. Baine relumed home from
a visit to hi? mines to find a note from
his faithless wife saying she was tired
of living with him. that she wanted to
see the country and was gorng with
¦Simms and would take the money to de
fray expenses.
He-wis Knocks Oat Hawley.
STOCKTON. Nov. 22.— At the Stockton
Athletic Club meeting to-night four pood
contests were Bfn. Henry Lewis (col
ored) and Charles Hawley. both of San
Francisco, urerc matched for ¦ ten-round
(To. but Lewis won it In a knockout In the
third round. Curran put out O'Brien of
San Frandfco in the first round, and Gil
feather knocked out Snaling in the. sec
ond round. The two lant were Hj?ht
welphts and the winners -will he matched
The other fljrht wan a six-round draw be
tween GiFhell and Kelly, local youngwters
Burned to Death.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 22.— Amos Zancr.
night watchman at the cai^, barns of the
St. John's motor line, met a horrible
death this rooming about 5 o'clock. He
was oiling a motor engine. preparatory to
its beginning the work of the day. when
it is supposed th«? torch which he car
ried, the morning being dark, set fire to
his clothing. He was terribly burned and
died in great agony.
» ¦
Verdict Against Hyan.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov.* 22.— The Jury in the
Ryan breach of promise suit has decided
that John Ryan, the wealthy rancher of
the Pajaro. must pay Frances Buelna $750
for breach of promise and also the costs
of the court, - .: . • .
Naval Militia Eeviewed.
SAN'TA CRUZ. Nov. 22.— The Fourth
Gun Division of the XavaJ Militia was
visited last evening by Colonel Evans of
Oakland for the purpose of inspection and
muster.
Cathedral Council Smoker.
Cathedral Council No. 69. Young Men's
Institute, had a smoker in «ts hall in ihe
Native Sons' building last night tint was
a source of much enjoyment to those who
attended. E. J. Dollard acted as master
of ceremonies and announced the follow
ing programme, each number of which
was well rendered: Dr. Richards, tenor
solo; Ed O'Connell. coon songs; Graebsr's
Mandolin Trio, selections; B. MoKinley
bass solo: William Judge rag time; A
Artigues, piano solo; William O'Brien
tenor solo; Thomas Kickey, recitation- s'
Yale, piano solo.
TETtTVF, JTJROBS ACCEPTED
OUT OP SEVENTY-SIX
Examination of Talesmen in Ho2
Murder Trial Goes Slowly
Forward.
The examination of Jurors for the sec
ond trial of Albert Frederick George Ver
eneseneckockockhoff, called Iloff for
short, charged with the murder of Mrs.
Mary A. Clute, proves to be a tedious
task. At tho present rate of securing
jurors It will take over a week before the
twelve shall have been accepted.
Twenty were examined yesterday and
only one was accepted. He was H. E.
Brodek, a bookkeeper. Those examined
were: J. J. Hughes. E. Unger, C. C. Riv
ers, Harry Sayler, A. J. Donzell, D. Rich,
A. Nordman, Daniel Bon, C. R. Havens,
Peter Koppen, George B. Barber, M. Hart,
A. W. Craig, I* Well, H. E. Brodek, E.
B. Rail, L. A. Rea. R. N. Nason, B. Low
enstein and S. I^ubin. The last named was
peremptorily challenged by the. prosecu
tion and the others were excused for
cause. Most of them had formed a den
nite opinion as to the guilt of the defend*
ant and others did not believe in con
victing a man charged with a capital of
fense on circumstantial evidence alone.
Seventy-six talesmen have now been ex
amined, and out of the number only three
have been accepted. Five have been per
emptorily challenged, two by the prosecu
tion and three by the defense. As the
venire, was exhausted the Judge ordered
another venire of 100 to be issued, return
able this morning, and court was ad
journed. v
Hoff's Interest ln the examination of the
talesmen was more Intensified yesterday.
He watched every question and answer
closely, and several times prompted his
attorneys to ask certain questions. A
nervous clasping and unclasping" of his
hands was the only Blgn that he was at
all excited.
nf^t*?? "Jf"^- T^® haJ1 ln th » basement
of the church at Geary and Cough stree-i
was packed and the many witty saying?
actors and actresses were greeted with
•m / , a PP' a " 8e - week's performance
will net a tidy sum for the church
Nine Cvents on the Programme of
the Merchants' Athletic
Club.
The Merchants' Amateur Athletic Club
has arranged a card for Its opening exhi
bition to be held to-night at Woodward's
Pavilion. Following is the card:
Willie Bourne vs. Jack Scott: John I>a!y v*
Jack Sullivan; Jem Carney vs. Kid Flnn«y;
Younjr McFadden vs. The Roy Kid; Tom I>av-
Idaon vs. Jack Hart; Efl<1!e "Wilson t». Ktrl
Burns: Kid "Williams vs. Harry Sowers- Tom
Pell tb. Charles Sohepor; Jim Egan vs. Mike
Curtan; Geors© Sullivan vs. Tom Casey.
MERCHANTS' AMATETJB
CLUB ANHOU1XCE3 BOT7T3
A banquet in honor of Julius Kahn,
Representative In Congress from tha
Fourth District, will be given In tha
Maple Room. Palace Hotel, this evening
The Julius Kahn Busln«s3 Men's Club*
under whose auspices the dinner ls to bo
given, has Invited many leading men of
the city to attend.
IMnnex to Julias Kahn.
By F. E. 3^XJI_.I3:OI_.I J^LZSriD.
THINGS broke very nicely for I
Trainer Walter Jennings at Tan
foran Park yesterday. His An
drisa burned the- track up In the
opening event. Vesuvian annexed
th*» handicap and later Asian, from the
fame stable, purloined a purse that right
fully belonged to Mortgage. All three
horses were ridden by Mounce, who. di
vided the saddle honors with "Monk"
Coburn.
A howl was raised among the horsemen
because of the track not having been har
rowed up. Instead It was Jry and sogjry
in spots", unxife and unsatisfactory to
race over. The fields were not heavy and
favorites captured four of the six events.
The performance of Autumn, favorite
for the introductory overture, grated
harshly on the nerves of those who had
put their checks down on the Hildreth
entry. For six furlongs the brown horse
refused to try. Then he made a bluff at
it. finishing third. Andrisa galloped in,
over half a dozen lengths before Specific.
There was a demand for only one of the
seven starters In the six furlong aprint
following. Mocorito attracted all the
play and the result never looked in doubt.
Our Lizzie acted her part well and
some othin piece will score a hit. When
thoroughly acclimated this mare will take
some beating. Away poorly Mldlove lost
the show to Sweet CaporaJ.
Boiled down to a Held of four nothing
looked to have a chance to beat Vesuvian
out of the handicap at six and a half fur
longs. A 1 to C favorite, Mounce waited In
behind the three other starters with him
until It looked as If he had been stricken
with stage fright. Then called to a drive
he managed to down Duckcy a neck on
the last couple of strides. 'Doc" Street's
Doublet came In for considerable support,
especially for the place, but proved a dis
appointment.
When it came to stretching the distance
out Andrattus was no match for Dkleror.
Each picked up 107 pounds in the handi
cap for two-year-olds over p:x and a half
furlongs and Diderot ruled a warm fa
vorite. Andrattus staid with tha first
choice to the stretch, but gradually weak
ened, finally losing the place to Setde, a
somewhat tardy arrival.
Scratched from the handicap the Burns
& Waterhouse stable started Mortgage In
the fifth recital and with only 97 pounds
In the saddle the mare closed equal choice
¦with Formero. Ransch had the mount 0:1
the favorite, and moving along from
fourth position, led Into the stretch.
Mounce astride Asian, who had been
forced to relinquish the front position,
Htole up aRv.ln on the Inside, and catching
Ransch winking won by a neck. Formero.
the early favorite, lost show honors to
Her ulean.
-A scrubby bunch of maidens started In
the concluding scramble. Billy Lvons,
the 2 to 1 favorite, -ridden by Coburn,
came home a clever vinner over Illusion
and George Dewey.
Track Notes.
Marty * Bergen, the popular old-time
rider, is here again. Marty did some ex
cellent work In the saddle on the Chicago
tracks the past summer, and his services
ought to be in demand. He is still under
contract to Louis Ezell.
Nine yearlings bred at Menlo stock farm
were sold at Occidental Horse Exchange
last evening, bringing the following;
prices:
Achlllefl. br. k.. by St. Carlo-Moonlight. |825,
J. P. Atkin; Hrunswirk, b. g., by St. Carlo-
Sloe. $700. W. M. Murry; Hatnault. br. *.; by
2*t. Carlo-Llbertlfllbbett. $400. "Da«Ble" Smith;
GlendcnnltiK. ch. g., by St. Carlo-Glenllvet.
1200, Joost Bros. ; I^ass of Langden, b. I., by
St. Carlo-Imp. Countess Langden, $900. C
Llnd; St. Philllplna, b. f., by St. Carlo-Bessie
\\\ I4S0. E. I*anlftan: Rose of China, ch. f.. by
St. Oarlo-lmp. China Rose. $300. Joost Bros.:
Atheism, ch. f.. by St. Carlo- Anarchy. $300. F.
O'llourke: Parlzarte, b. I., by KU Carlo-Par
tlHana. $200, 8. Watklns.
Then followed the dispersal sale of Palo
Alto stock farm, seventeen yearlings and
two and three year olds passing. undtr the
hammer. Following were the prices ob
tained:
Slyly, ch. f., by Racine-Aurelia II, J305, R.
Hughes; Charmer, ch. f., by imp. Mariner-
Charm. $100. J. Paulson; Fllrter, ch f -by
Imp. Marlner-Fllrtatlon. $1SS. J.- Kitchen: Mu
sical, ch. t. by imp. Mariner-Music. *80, ( G.
Ashe; Koeary. b. I., by Raclne-Ilosebud. $160,
P. Hawley; Marlosa, b. f.. by imp. Mariner-
Shannon Rose, $100. J. McGovern; . Mara tin.- 2
ch. %., by imp. Mariner-Faustina, $100, D/ Mc
carty: Ilavlno 2. _b. ».. by Radne-Precious.
5135. J. Nell; Marlncuse 2, h. g., by Marlner-
Fctroleuse, $100, J. Reavy; Revelry 1. by Flam
beau-Queen Bess. $40. F. Niahlo: Mureho 1.
ch. c. by Imp. Mariner-Fidelia. $150. J. Dunn;
Lcylin 3. br. g.. by Loyallst-Rlglln. $80. R.
Walton; Belle of Palo Alto ». b. f.. by Flam
beau-imp. Fairy Rose. J300. W. O'B. Macdon
ough: Position 3. b. m.. : by Racine-Pottery.
%l&, S. Watktns; Swanette 1. gr. f.. by Flam
heau-Swan. $55. G. Ashe; Marino 2, b. g., by
Marlner-RlRlln. $:.5. D. MeCarty: Tlaelvo 8.
en. k.. by Racin^Oeneva, $75. J. Xell.
On Tuesday pvening. November 27. the
yearlings from Napa stock fRrm and also
Sr.noma stock farm will bo sold at Occi
dental Horse Exchange.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward: selling:
]£» Jennie Reid 119 1330 Osmond ....... .114
WM Alas in 125S Lomond ..117
Becnnd race— Plx and n. half furlongs: two
and three year old flllles; puree
\%?, C°™\nxEv<int.A2<> 1361 Bab 100
13,1 Birdie Stone 100 1J35 Merida MiHKMlOO
Third race-One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward; selllne: ~T^~
}£i £*¦ Bern ay»---102 13. r .7 Opponent .... IP*
13o« Gauntlet 107 1372 Pllvertone lin
1368 Campus 105* 7f" K5j?S^];i^iw
!r6i^n u^is--::::::^!^6)prh t n TciM>r ] 0 °I
(13€6)Eddie Jones. . ZinY&R Fonsovannah' V.1M
upward :Teli7n S cf furlon *»: three-ye.r-olds and
U59Toung Morello.102 .... Ordnunir .... 104
im M as ?:: a ;;::l§J g» Mft c ter ecknoa:: S
up^ar^TenTnif thr «"^r-old 9 and
JW Maydine »9 1358 Pilot .... 93
1363 MacLaren 102 1374 Matt Vm!,!^ „„
"KOThe SlnKer...... 93 1266 R act van "•"im
(134S)Un Cadeau 93 Flral Call 1%
1164 Scotch Plald....lO4 " 107
¦ • '
Probable Winners.
First race— Jennie Reid. Lomond. Astor.
'Second race— Bab. Merida. Birdie Stone!
Third race^-Gauntlet. Dr. Bernays. Opponent.
Fourth race-Eddie Jones. Autumn. First
Tenor.
Fifth racfr-Sweet William. La Mascotu
Pupil. '
Blxth race— Racl van. Scotch Plaid. Pilot
EASTERN BACES.
Results at the Tracks at Newport and
BenningB. '
CINCINNATI. Nov. 22.-The weather
was fair and the track muddy at New
port to-day.' Summary:
xSSh f < S rl t°h n ifrASi 1 S2.T?i n 6iiP rrt# Goan 8econd -
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Loyal
Tl'me C *l*7 n ' Avatap Becond ' P«»rlan<I» third.
and an eighth miles. Belling— Governrr
?Tme. i*£ife C - We ' Ch 8eCOnd ' ™?™£
One mile. Felling— Brulare won, Horseshoa
Tobacco second. Left Dower third. Time. 1 -UK
Five and a half furlongs-Miss Aubrey Won"
Dolly V»agn»r second, Dynasty third. Time
l.K'%. •
Six and a half furlongs. Pelllnir— Joe Martin
T'.wl Agltator second. Acushla third. Time)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.-Results at
Bennlngs:
Soven furlones— Maribert won, Hardly -»c
ond. Humboldt third. Time. 1-30 " BTOljr Bec
Five furlongs-Pigeon Po«t won, Termless
second. Rabunta third. Time. 1:03 3-5
Hunters* Bteeplechase, about two miles—
"t?d! e %£'.*:&. Protectlon -«««». backet
Maiden two-year-olds, six and a half fur
lonfts-Blue Skin won. Automaton second
Amorlta third. Time, 1:23 1-5 '
«?i U . ln 5: <?l? furlon S8-Hultiilopochtle won.
Midnight Chimes second, Brisk third, lime
1:16 4-5. --..,-, . '
Handicap, mile and an elfthth-K night or the
Garter won. Alslke second. Rochester third
Time, 1:E7 2-5.
I*. REIFF WINS TWICE.
American Jockey Sure to Close the
Season Heading the List." •
. LONDON, Nov. 22.— At the first day's
racing of the Manchester November
meeting to-day the Thursday plate of 103
sovereigns, for two-year-olda and upward
at six furlongs, was won by Lord Cado
gan's black filly La Flglla, ridden by Les
ter Reift. L. Reiff also had the mount on
Orris Root, which '.won the De Trafford
Belting plate of 30 sovereigns.
The Guerdon plate of 150 sovereigns at
one mile, was won by the New Coin filLy
with Johnny Reiff in the 'saddle. • -?.-:T*
The victories of, to-day assure L. Relit
ending the season at the head of the win
ning Jockey list. . . -
'.'Sammy" Loates, who throughout tho
season has been Lester Reift' a most vigi
lant rival;. Was cautioned by the stewards
for erratic riding against Reiff In the race
to-day for the De Trafford selling plate.
Andrisa, Vesuvian and Asian Capture Purses
for the Well-Known Trainer.
made." said Curtis, "is for an inf*-riny
Z*¥L™L ni - Th * Street ComUee S
m«^i"i r £ aveme nt and has so recom
to tlt^ ,„ S Vi e Bo ? rd ot refuse
Bur4 a rviso S rs^ eStl0n9 frOm the Bonrd of
trdS:sa is deaired « and -
th^ a Fir« n fvfm e i V i?? an other scoring before
tt,?,, / e Committee when tho condemna-
o ri "° ln the Alta Theater was under^on
?i,a hSJiPii- B ? a , r(1 Katachlnskl. owner of
the building, declared that he was belne
Persecuted by the Board of Publk^ Work*
xrh«i 2 lls *l? nc , r , Manson ls ™n!ng the
skl. if a person talks with him he sim
ply caya 'No! No!' and that ends It I
vU£S C £ V et -n' an . y satisfaction from the
Board of Works. The board has con
demned the Alta. but Fire Chief Sullivan
pronoun . ces it as safe as some of th»
are^ecSry 3 .-. X admlt that mor * ««.
am anxious to see fair treatment, and tha
Board of Works might b© appealed to
Uon e " mOr ° l ° reconslder »t» condemna
££? 1 4 rr ar< ?, 1 .?'" 8aId KatachlnnkL "I
am perfectly willing to make any altera
tions that may be required of me "
The committee reported in favor of re
questing the Board of Works to direct its
architect to ascertain what repairs are
necessary to mak* the structure safe, the
repairs to be mad© under its supervision.
Engineer Ford of the SprirTg Valley
t 2^ oxx l pa S y P r °t, ested to the commit
tee against the ordinance requiring tho
connection of 6-Inch mains with the auto-
Ei at r!. C Bp J 1 ? k^ r ?,^ nlcn vnn be required to
be placed in buildings and manufacturing
Plants. Ford wanted the ordinance re
ferred back to tho Board of Works, which
had submitted It for adoption, in order
that his company could present argu
ments against the feasibility of the plan
Dwyer thought the committee wag com
petent to consider tho matter, but Ford
was of the opinion that engineers could
alone pass on the disputed point. It va<i
thereupon agreed that the Fire Commit
tee d e?oiX.° f W ° rkS SbOUld take UP
Commissioner Manson of tha Board of
Public Works had an uncomfortable half
hour before the Supervisors' Street Com
mittee yesterday morning as a result of
the neglect of the Board of Public Works
to make a recommendation for the per
formance of street work on Pine, Clay,
Sacramento and Washington streets, be
tween Sansomo and Montgomery.- The
board had originally recommended an in
ferior pavement of bitumen on a cobble
stone base, but this was overruled by
the Street Committee, which recommended
a modern pavement of asphalt on a con
crete base.
It Is declared that the Board of Works
Is nettled because Its recommendation waa
not accepted, and several members of the
North Central Improvement Association
expressed a fear that tho recommendation
for the superior pavement would not be
forthcoming on that account. As the
charter specifically provides that the
bpard must recommend the performance
of any street Improvements, It was
thought that tho proposed improvement
would be tied up Indefinitely.
Secretary Painter of the association
named stated that he had visited tho
Board of Works and found everything on
the subject in a state of confusion. He
was lntormed that no action would be
taken because the board had not been
otiicially notified that the new recom
mendation was desired by the Board of
Supervisors. Commissioner Manson, he
said, had stated that no other recom
mendation would be made by the board.
"Why," said Chairman Curtis, address
ing Commissioner Manson, who had been
sent for, "you promised in tho presence
of Mayor Phelan at our last meeting that
the Board of Public Works would furnish
the necessary recommendation."
This was denied by Manson, who Bald
that he was only one member of the
board.
"Anyhow," he said, "we have already
made a recommendation and I cannot bee
why another one should be required. In
fact. I am not prepared to say whether
another will be made at all."
"The recommendation your board has
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
v^ A 4^32 A^ s PA^K ; J[lIURSDAT^Jo\'ember 22. 1900.— Weather Cloudy. Track heavy.
1372. FIRST RACB-One mile; three-year-oldn and up; puree. 1360.
T . |Po. j , Betting
indeg Home. Age. Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockers. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
!«! Andrlfa, t 107 l 1 H il H l g Mounce 8-5 12 4-6
1357 Specific. 3 110 74 2^22 25 23 Dominick ... 3 5 5 1
137 Autumn. 4 112 35 62 54 3% 32 Coburn 7-5 8-5 1 2-o
Vdl S 00 '" 1 ' 8 '. 6 m| 42 42 »h 41 43 F. Kelly 50 100 1P0 20
\%l S IVer Ton «. «-...ni: 5 7 3H«3 5 10 5 10 Kllej' 20 20 20 8
33^6 None Such. 5 H4| C6S ? 8364 Dlngley 00 200 200 50
UN imp. Miff! II. 6..115! 23 5h 72 72 75 J. Woods.... 30 75 75 15
1S41 Log Meflano«._4...ll5i 88 76 61 8 8 McElhanon 60 300 300 100
Tlmp — *«. :26%: Vt. :52U: K. izVnii mile. 1:44%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving-. Winner. W. B. Jennln*R & Co.'e b. f. by imp. St. Andrew-Fannle Louise.
Inner pralloped the entire route. Specific Inclined to bolt in run home. Autumn had shown
FlKns of lameness. Tie labored throughout Silver Tone i>ore. Scratched— Fonsovannah 112,
Magwisl^Judge Shropshire 107.
I.t7.'t. BECON'D RACK— Six furlongB: sellinir; tuares; four-year-oldg and up: puree, $400.
I jPoJi j I, Bettlne «
Index Horse.' Age. Weight. Pstl.St. U- %. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1M iMooorito. S 10M 6!l 12 12 12 14 iCoburn 6-5 6-5 1 2-5
.... Our Lizzie. 5 1071 3!4 3^33 2V4 2 1H IWcdderefd 2 9-2 4 7-5
ISM Sweet Caporal, 4.inr,| SI2 4h 84 4 U. in I* Daly 20 60 60 12
12*1 Mldloi-e. 4 1071 417 52 42 65 42 iMcDonald .. 5 9 9 3
12S2 j.Vovla. R Ill 7 3 2 2 2 2 3 3 (15 G. Jones.... 4 9-2 9-2 6-5
Guess Me. 4 lt\r>) 115 7 6H H * 8 IJ. Walsh.... 10 20 20 «
.... I l^ou 1 et H .g9j^£._6 j<»j_ 2 \j 627 7 ; 7 tfjotcue | 30 100 100 30
Time— 1<. :2T>M: 14. :50: K. lrifiH- «oo<5 start except Mldlove. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. Abbey Stable 1 * ch. m. by Amlgo-Panta Monica. Mocorlto had It nil her
own way. Our Hzxlo under restraint first part. Place her name In your hat. Mldlove
almost left. Xovla had »>arly speed. ¦ .
1374. THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlonjrs; handicap; three-year-olds; purse, $500.
I !Po.| T [, Betting t
Index 'Horse and W^elKhtJPstlSt. %; H. Rtr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Ct. PI.
MC4M IVesuvlan 1091 1 I 4 i i~* 4 Tn iMounce .... l-« !-? l-<! 1-1"
1?f!S inuckny S6! 2I1 3S 34 1H22 RBnsch 6 20 2f» lB- r i
VS» lOoublet SS! 3I2 m 1 4 .*! 4 3n Coburn 4 7 7 1-2
I ISffi |Matt ITogan 90| 4J3 2^21 2H 4 |J. Waldo.... 15 SO 80 5-2
Time— 1-16. :07: 7-1C. :Sl«i: 9-l«. :56>i ; e^f. 1:2SV>. Oood start. Won first three drlvlBR.
Winner. W> B. .T^nninirs * Co.'s b. c. by Imp St. Andr»vr-Hot Spring:. Mounce on V?suv
lan fell sound asleep, the striking of a distant town clock finally arotis'ng him. It was a
' clo?e call, but no death* from heart failure were reported. Duckoy finally ran to his work.
Doublet Mew up. Scratched— Modrlne 131. Mnrtgnpe 102.
137f>. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; handicap; two-year-olds; purse. J500.
I ~~|PoTJ '¦ \f ~ Betting ¦»
Index Horfe and Wclffht.l'PstlSt. U. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. ! Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(1?.4a» (Diderot 1071 1t2 21 23 In 11 ICobum I 8-. r » 3-5 3-5 —
USE IPeide flr.l JlS SS Sn 38 2X4 iRansch 8 15 IS 2
ISM Andrattus 1071 III In In 24 38 iDomlnlck .. R-B 2 9-5 1-4
JM1 [Argot 93! 4 | 4 4 4 4 4 |J. Walsh.... 20 40 40 6
Time— 1-16. :f»7:.5-16. :31U; 9-16. :53H: «Hf. 1:23H. Good Ptart. Won easily at the end. Beo
ond and third driving. Winner. Atkln & Lottrldge'n ch. p. bv Rousseau-La Relna. Rout*
suited th«> wlnnor. Andrattus found It too far. Argot retired early.
137O. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and up: purse, $400.
I "iPoTj j ', IWtlng
Index IHorxe. Age. Weight. IPstiSt. U. Vi. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. Hi. a. PI.
1330 tAsIan. 3 lOrtl BlS 13 12 22 In tMounce 5 7 7 5-2
1VC, iMortgnr". 3 971 7|8 4h 4h In 21 IRansch B-2 »-2 S 8-2
136? iHerculean. 3 ....91! 2M 7 7 3 *4 3 n I.T. Martin... 6 6 fi 2
(12SS) iFormero. 4 110' lti 61 61 42 43 lEnoa 2 3 8 6-5
13.-.7 'I^vator. 4 1071 6|7 3h 3h 63 (2 ICobum 8 11-2 11-2 2
US* [Pupil 3 102! SI2 2h 2h K %l «i (Weddersfd fl 12 10 4
13«9 iKIght Dollars. 4.. 90| 4 15 S 2 5 h 7 7 | J. T. 30 B0 50 20
Time— H. :13: M. :25U: H. :50»;: T 4. l:30Vi. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
W. B. Jennings & Co.'s ch. c. by Imp. Goldflnch-Lydln. Ransch on Mortgage had race
won. but allowed Mounce to catch him napping. Herculean away poorly. Formero re
l>orted out of condition. Rven then Lavator couldn't b<»at him. Scratched— TTarda 107.
1377. SIXTH RACK— Six furlongs; maiden two and three year olds; purse. J400.
1 |Po.! j l^~ Betttoig H^
Index !Horse. Age. Weight. I PMjSt. »4. *;. Ktr. Fin. I Jockeys. J Op. HI. Cl. PI.
13.-." iRIlly I,yons. 2.... 97! 713 32 35 11 In ICoburn H-« 2" 2 3^8
nn Illluslon. 2 97! 6|4 In In 23 25 IRansch 5-2 5 4 2
I2S5 (George Dewey. 2.1001 «|j «5 44 44 3 2 I.Mounce .... 2 7-2 7-2 1
.... iBonltary. 2 971 111 22 22 35 46 IDomlnlck .. • 4 9-2 9-2 8-5
.... lAgamemnon. 2... S7I 2 16 7 7 7 6 1 |J. Daly 15 30 tt 30 8
1344 !Free Pass. 3 117! 4J5 5H «1 62 61 R. Jones.... 12 15 15 fi
1^0 iNVmests. 3 1171 3(7 43 54 5'i 7 (Martin 12 20 20 8
13.V. |Rasp. 2 92! 5 | * |J. Wal«h... 20 RQ 40 15
Time— 'i. :25^: H. '.5^: 8 i. 1:1". Bad start. Won cleverly. Second anl third driving
Winner. AtHn & Lottrl'ice's b. g. by Rlazes-Octa Reed. Billy Lyons hunched his hits In
the last Inning and scored for the "braves. 1 * George Dewey directed the bombardment from
the fo'castle. Bonltary heavily backed. Scr atched— Sam Howard 117. *IWt
Commissioner Manson Severely Scored byi Owner of
Alta Theater, Who Says He Is Being Persecuted.
SUPERVISORS BLAME BOARD OF
WORKS FOR BLOCKING PAVING
BENEFIT BAZAAR FOB
CHURCH. OP THE ADVKNT
Golden Gate Hall Lined With Booths
in Charge of Fair Sales-
Women.
The benefit bazaar and entertainment
of the Church of the Advent opened at
Golden Gate Hall. 633 Sutter street, at 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon. It will con
tinue this afternoon and to-night. The
attendance yesterday was good, and a
large crowd la expected to-night.
The bazaar Is under the general super
vision of Mrs. S. M. Mansfield, and Mra.
William Thatcher Marvin has charge of
the entertainment.
The following programms was given
last night: Soprano solo, Mrs. Louise
W right McClure; illusion. Lamar McKln
ley; sleight of hand. Warren Keane; tab
leau from "Carmen." Miss Lupi Prado;
marionettes, Messrs. Kewen and Green;
illusion. Miss Prado: vocal duet. MJs3e?
Spadlna; cake-walk. Master and MIsj
Murray. An orchestra played several
pieces in the course of the evening.
The hall la elaborately decorated and
the various booths are ranged alon# tho
sides. Following are the booth* and the
names of those In charge of them:
Candy booth— Mrs. George Crux, assisted by
Mrs. A. C. Alken, Mrs. w. W. Alverson, Miss
JOvelyn Mo»i, Miss Laura. Van Wjck. Miss Eva
Rountr?* and Miss Anderson.
Doll booth— Mn. F. M. Ooxe. uststed by Mrs.
I.yman V.'elch. the Misses Coxe, M!«s M. Ri
cord. Miss Maud Jackson and Miss Qraca
Knowlton.
Flower booth— Mr*. Stu*rt Aldrtch. assisted
by Mn. 8. R. Mather. Miss LoU Harrison. Ml.**
Henrietta Moffit, Miss Jeanetts Deal and Miss
Lane.
Fanry table— Mrs. Ltrals Steller. assisted by
Mrs. H. Ivwey, Miss L. Dempsey. Mla» Lou
llaycroff and MIsx Ida Steller.
Grocery booth — Mrs. A. J. Ka»t*n, assisted by
Mrs. I* Shcdd and tha Misses Eunice and Lot
tie Kasten.
Utility booth— Mr*. Z>. F. Dodr*. assisted by
Mrs. Warden and Miss Edith Johnson.
Fortune tellers* tent — Mrs. Arthur OornwaJl.
assisted by the thr^e Mlsae* Van Winkle.
Embroidery booth — Mrs. H. E. Blossom. a-»
slsted by Mrs. Eairl». Miss Louis* Wlnterbura
and Miss Alicia Mills.
Picture booth— Miss Lucy Dallorzo, assisted
by Mi*s Mabel Van l>e«Tlln. Miss "Winifred
Van D-erlln and Miss Stella Snertdaa.
Turkish booth— Mrs. Judson Rrusio.
Orab-ban^Mrs. J. Wilson Shtels.
Paper flower booth— St. Agnes Guild. Mrs. F.
C. Moore, directress.
A large number of articles are for sale.
Including curloa from Russia and cruci
fixes carved at Oberammergau. \V*. J>.
Wills has donated twenty dolls with
carved ivory faces, made by tha Esqui
maux. These are to be seen at the doll
booth.
year and make this the top-notch
of Its kind In fraternal annals.
The programme as laid out is a strong
one and with features enough to put the
frreatest hippodrome of modern times far
n the shade. Barnum's most beautiful
dreams were but nightmares to the ex
hibition which the committee expects to
offer, and it would bankrupt a syndicate
of showmen to produce the equal of the
menagerie of wild and woolly animals
which nave volunteered for this occasion.
Stanford Parlor Preparing a Show for Monday
Night That Will Eclipse Barntim's Efforts.
THE "good of the order" committee
of Stanford Parlor, N. S. G. W..
is working hard these days to
complete to the most minute de
tail arrangements for the Circus
Maxlmus which is scheduled for next
Monday night Rt Native Sons' Hall.
Bruce Cornwall, chairman of the com
mittee, is positive in his declaration that
the parlor will eurpass its efforts of last
The California League of Mutual Build
ing aria Loan Associations in convention
yesterday referred to the committee on
legislation two bills which are considered
of ¦much importance to the associations
and the large interests that they repre
et'nt. The delegates also took definite ac
tion concerning the much discussed defi
nite contract, recommending it to all the
tsecretaries. The legislative bills provide
fur a revision of the statute concerning
the associations and also for the reduc
tion cf the number of State Building and
Lean Commissioners from two to one and
fur ihe appointment of one deputy com
missioner, it also being provided that the
Commissioner and his deputy must both
be practical men. versed in the affairs of
balding and lean associations. A commit
tee on legislation was appointed, which
consists vi i-Yank utis, A. Sbarboro,
Ciiarles fc.. Nayior, George T. Wright, a.
C. bencfttne ana D. Heidericn of this
city. C. C. Voiberg of Alameda. J. ii.
Kichardson of Oakland, Frea ±1. Clark of
lierKeuy, H. H. StarKweather, I), llirsch
fcid. r'remom Wood. George M. Mitchell
and Allen O. Wright of San Francisco and
"\\ . H. Waste 01 uerk*-iey.
The election of oilicers also took place
end resulted in the choice of the old
board— * rank Otis as president, Albert
George \V. Lovie of Kedwood City
er»a Uonjamin HrooKs of San Luis Obispo
as vice presidents, Fred 11. Clark as sec
retary, Ucnjamin Harris as treasurer.
These officers were also made an execu
tive cDinnimi*, with the audition of O. K.
Cushlng and Joseph .Nash. Several pa
pers were read A. Sbarboro dealt with
Cit-oporsticn in Europe and explained
the causes for the diminished usefulness
during th<> past years of the building and
loan associations. Charles K. Nayior
enoke concerning "Present Conditions."'
.Albert Meyer read a line paper on "The
L'ennitf Contract Plan."
Prpsidf-nt Otis read his address, in
•which he told of the benefits of a State
league. He s*ald that all moneyed institu
tions had found difllculty in keeping their
lunds employed. They all had reduced
cnidrnds and Increased balances to show.
It was, therefore, no wonder that the an
nual report of the Building and Loan
t ommissl«>ners shows a loss of assets of
J1.34SX7" in the assns« of the California
es^ociation?. Only one national building
and loan association in St. .Louis and
seven outside of that city in Missouri
were doing- business recently, whereas
there were twenty-seven such associations
in Missouri in ltf>v In that State there
was a mortuary record of this class of as
sociations of over 70 per cent in one year.
The failures of the national associations
throughout the land had inflicted distress
upon those who h:<d trusted to national
association promises. All this had in
jured ihe h*;me institutions President
Oti« made recommendations for legisla
tion. Conceriiins that he said:
1 now come to the subject of legislation. Our
sessions usually come b.-fore the Legislature
meets so that we may be prepared for war.
both ajrirrt-fslve «nd defenFive, Jn building and
loan matters. I think I voice the general opin
ion when I state that the building and loan
law of this State !s too ritfid and that It needs
to tw- made more liberal and elastic. When it
was enact~<J allowance was not made for fu
ture development. I do not refer to the law
r-*ulatinR Mate eu:>ervislon nor to the stric
tures under which foreign corporations of this
type are nerniittc-d to do business within the
Mate. Mate supervision cannot be too strict
The present law Fh..uld be so amended as to
Bive the Commissioners fuller pdwers. This
1« the protection given by the commonwealth
to shareholders. I do refer, however, to the
fact that the older corporations are on a dif
ferent basis from those Incorporated since the
enactment of the present law. the sections
of the civil o J( 3e as then existing having been
continued in forct as to the organizations then
doing business. The unbiased think<r must
concede that there shoul.J be one uniform law
governing these concerns. Why should the new
corporation* be -compelled to call themselves
Mutual nuilding and I^an Associations "
while the older ones are permitted to retain
their original names, whl-h may not give the
s ightest indication that they belong to this
class of comranlee? Why should not the ut
most liberality be granted in the selection of a
r.ame? Ik a savings batik required to incor
porate the word "Saving*" in its corporate ti
tle? This 1b only a sample item. In methods
of tr.sking loans and th« issuance of different
classes of stock there Is rr>oin for improve
ment. A\hy should a "hard and fast" rule
be put on the ftatBtMt What Is wanted in the
law is salient and 1 essential features. The orig
inal buildlns and loan association, as Is well
known, is quite different from the modern in
stitution. It would be surprising Indeed if it
had stood still uhlle the ration was making
colossal strides in dev*-lonment.
Perfection In JMieh institutions' in not attained
in a moment. Evolution of plan accompanies
development r <t new condition?. The terminal
plan of l??ulng shares has drifted into tha
serial i>lan and thi* in turn is now in com
petition with tho Dayton .misnamed "perma
nent") plan. Indeed. «o many have been th«"
ohansrm that on!y two feature have remained
unaltered from the b«frinnlnjf to the present
time and those are that loans can he made onlv
to shareholder* ar,d in an amount not exceed
ing the matured value of the Fhare* held. The
amount and time of payment of dues, the pre
mium, the loaning: and inventing of funds, the
maturity of «hare*. the. manner of #-lectln/r of
ficers and nf conducting the business all have
ohanjred. There in <>v«-n a tendency to abolish
Tiremlums. though this move is of doubtful
benefit, for there are many country districts
¦«h«re the old method or 1.1. Mine for loans Is
still in effect and work* Jupt a-<« well as in
early davg. neslde*. the prr-mium i n son,*.
fnrtfi is the only practical method of settling
the oonfilctinir claim* of different members to
a loan. -• ¦
This constant evolution Is Indicative of the
ne*-d of legislation on hroad line?. The last
T^irWature passed a bill which although not
bv any means perfect In details, yet was a
rast Improvement ution the cresent law r»la»
!nr to t.uiltftng- «n<l loan associations. Tt v+*
carefully considered and amended by the
>wu# committee so n* to contain Just and
«iu«l provision* for all but for some unknown
reason it fslled to obtain the sir-nature of
t»-« Oovemor and so did not become a law— a
'«cf to t»e rer-retfed. Inasmuch as much hard
f-nd consclentlou* work had been iriVen to its
formation.
Important Action Is Taken by Con
vention After Considering the
Recommendations Made by
President Otis.
Bills Are Placed in Hands
of a Committee on
Legislation.
HOME BUILDERS
SEEK NEW LAWS
Mrs. Fern Thomas, residing: at 277 Dore
street, between Ninth and Tenth streets,
claims to be the vlcrlm of a conspiracy
having as Its end tha placing of herself
In the Insane asylum and the kidnaping
of her little son. The head and front or
tha conspiracy sh» claims Is h»r husband.
Firman Thomas, who has Disappeared
with the little boy, Israel Perdval Marlon
Thomas, and has not teen heard of for
two days. Thomas has taken, his wlf*
says, several valuable wedding gifts pre
sented to her on her union with her first
husband, a gold watch and chain and the
papers appointing; her guardian, of the lit
tle boy.
Thomas, his wife alleges, has always
treated her brutally, and has been. In
sanely fond of his little boy.
Last Tuesday morning says Mrs.
Thomas, her husband took the child away,
and later she found this nota or tho door:
Dear "Wife— By the time yon find th!s yon can
look at tha Morgue any time (or the remains
of your aoa and husband.
FIRMAN THOMAS.
Thomas until recently owned a second
hand store on Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth, but two weeks ago he
sold it. ' What he has done with the
money, or how much he received, Mrs.
Thomas does not know. The police be
lieve he is hiding In this city and expect
to apprehend him shortly. Mrs. Thomas
is sick and destitute. She haa been, mar
ried to Thomas four years.
Firman Thomas Leaves Home With
TTla Little Boy and Wedding
Presents, Gifts to His Wife
on a Former Marriage.
Conspiracy.
Deserted Hother Claims She
Is Victim of Husband's
FATHER AND SON
STRANGELY VANISH
The Board of Civil Service' Commission
ers yesterday announced the names of the
candidates for positions on the police
force who successfully passed the exam
ination. Profiting by Its experience. In the
Leavy case, In which, by exchanging the
ratings in examination papers for posi
tions of bookkeepers in the Department of
Public Works, it brought a storm about
its ears, the board took the precaution to
Invite several city officials to be present
when the identity of the various appli
cants, whose papers had been marked,
was disclosed. Among those present
were Police Commissioners McNutt and
Mahoney, Chief Sullivan and Commis
sioners Freud and Quinn. On the eligible
list for policemen are eighty-three names.
Ihree hundred and twenty-five applicants
took the physical examination, of which
113 were successful. Of these thirty failed
in the written examination. The success
as fU • * teS and theIr Percentages are
Rank. Nam*— p er Cent.
J~^™ nk t de Qrancourt 97.9
2-Robert A. Coulter 96.45
/2rV ltI i i i ;k »? rewinan Herllhy 95.S
?~«?^ d , Morton Reavls.... 95.75
%Z$ a^f , Hampton Clay 95.1
6-PatrIck J. Foley * 94.4
.— Tnomaa Francis Cashln 93.7
oZ^? 1 ? 1 ', • k^'nss 92.95
in a C aS Joseph Barry 93.3
10— Alonzo A. Hicks 91.6
JJ— Oscar H. Roedlger 90.9
J* — lJuncan Matheson 90.5
H"~^ V L mam p - ""sell 80.2
IJ-John a. O'Nell 90.13
i2~ "John *<<lward Oolan 89.6
16— Frank Joseph Teutenber* 89.4
«~^.°f»? h F^derick L.ycetts 88.8
JS-^ v [l'lam George Brown 8S.75
™-J°hn Jacob Frledrlchs 8S.65
I, £$?. Bruce Berrie 88.1
;i~«. am Louls Oinar 87.9
Si" Tv 11 *? 1 Desmond 87.75
23— John Mullan 87 65
24— David Russell 87.4
25— John Patrick Collins 87.1
Zt^-Joseph P. MacCormack 86.95
£J~i am * B D< ?nniston Skelly 86.7
3r~Ej rC3r L " Sm 'th - 88.65
2!>— Kdpar C. Marsh S8.
3°— "William James Mahoney 85.9
31 — William Joseph Cavanagh 86. S
';— Oeorge Klnkade Small S5.55
33— James Robert Welch 85. 2o
|j — Charles Alblrto Landls 85.1
35-Charlra H. Wcdeklnd 85.05
SG— Thomas Paul Maloney 84. 9i
37— August Henry Schlmpf 84. S
38— Kdward Henry Mills 84.7
89 — I'eter Murphy 84 fi
40-Kdwln B. Lloyd .".$4 65
41— Thomas L. Murray 84.45
42— James P. Foparty S4.S
43— William Henry Cannon 83. S5
¦44— John Henry Helms S3.ti
45— Kdwln W. Meredith $3.73
46— Frederick H. Flynn S3. 2
47— James Hruce J3.15
4S— John T. I^anckman S2.9
49— Charles F. Groat S2.S
60 — Harry narnett 82 55
El— Robert A. Curtln 82.4
F2— John C. Stelzner S2.35
53— Andrew Joseph Rellly 82.2
54— Frederick Charles Nobmajin 82.1
65 — Walter G. 1/otnn g2.
56— Charles Francis Skelly 81.7
£7— Frank Tulte .. 80.95
ES— George W. Blum 80.75
C9— Harry Walter Crowly 80.6
60— Norman 7.. La Grange 80.4
61 — Louis John Becker 80.3
62— Oiarles B. Munn 80.
63— Michael AVhelton 79.7
64— John S. Barrett 79.2
65 — Paul V. Hellman 78.95
66 — Charles J. Ward 78.8
67 — Andrew J. Gaughran .......78.6
68— Daniel J. Keohane 78. S
69— Charles Francis Jenkins 78.25
70— John J. Cameron 78.2
71— Joseph Mlgnola ; 78.
72— James J. Farrell ...77.75
73— Pamuel 1 HlKgins ¦ .- 77.35
74— John Francis Walsh 77.06
75— Frederick W. French 76.95
76— John J. Clancy 76.85
77— Kdmond J. Casey 78.45
78 — Joseph P. Maloney 78.1
79— John B. McCue 76.05
S<V_WUltam J. Hyland 75.8
SI— William F. Krueger 75.6
£2— Arthur A. Sprlngett 75.5
83— Cormack McGorty 75.1
.Chief Sullivan says there are thirty va
cancies to be filled and a requisition will
be made on the Civil Service Board im
mediately. The first thlrty*two names will
be certificated, from which the thirty
will be selected.
OBTAINS DRAWINGS ON'
FALSE REPRESENTATIONS
Mrs. Lillian Kendall-Jones Swears to
a Warrant for H. O. Abbott's
Arrest.
Mrs. Lillian Kendall-Jones, the artist,
secured a warrant from Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of II. O. Abbott on
the charge of misdemeanor. She alleys
that Abbott called at her rooms at 1812
Market street, representing that he was
the agent for the Gray Lithographing
Company, New York, and he would like
to have some of her drawings of Califor
nia popples to use on Christmas cards.
He got drawings valued at $20 last Janu
ary, and since then has refused to return
them, and on the company in New York
being applied to they wrote that they did
not know AbbGtt.
F. A. Aldrlch was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Mogan yes
terday on two charges of burglary in $3000
bonds on each charge.' He stole a num
ber of carpenters' tools from new build
ings at California and Montgomery streets
and at 24 Turk street.
M. Lenack. the man who threatened to
kill Policemen Herring and Dougherty In
Chinatown Wednesday and when arrested
and searched had a slungshot, dirk knife
and revolver In his pockets, appeared be
fore Judge Fritz yesterday. He told the
Judge that he worked for a tailor and
some of the boys in the shop had put the
slungshot In his pocket; the knife he had
used for skinning sheep, and he was go
ing to sell the revolver. The Judge or
'dered him sent before the Insanity Com
missioners.
MERRITT REFUSED A
WARRANT FOR PERJURY
He Will Lay the Whole Matter Before
the Grand Jury for Investi
gation.
Warrant Clerk Peery again refused yes
terday to i&sue a warrant on complaint of
Charles W. Merrltt, 1312 York street, for
the arrest of Contractor George W. Mc-
Ginn on a charge of perjury, as detailed
in yesterday's Call.' Peery gave his re
fusal after hearing both sides of tha dis
pute, and as a reason for his refusal said:
"I refused the warrant because 1 deem
it as much my duty to protect Innocent
people from arrest as it Is to cause the
guilty to be arrested. The facts as they
appear to me are thai Mr. Merrltt Is not
at all damaged, Fllnn & Treacy.the con
tractors refusing to make any claim
against him for the work, and that Mc-
Ginn is entirely free from any criminal
motive whatever in what he did in the
premises. Under these circumstances I
cannot- but think that Merrltt desires the
warrant for other than a desire, to pro
mote public Justice."
Merritt will at once lay the whole mat
ter before the Grand Jury.
With Wisdom Born of Experience in
Leavy' Affair, Opening of Ex
amination Papers Is Done
in Public.
Civil Service Board Gives
Names of Successful
Applicants.
ELIGIBLE TO BE
POLICE OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,; NOVEMBER 23, 1900.
GAMES OF THE ANCIENTS
FOR MODERN SPECTATORS
JENNINGS' COLORS THRICE
PAST THE WIRE IN FRONT
4
H W e like to talk about our $i.Q5 hats which we here picture— S
H we like to sell them, although we have much higher priced hats. As 9
|| $2.50 is the popular price for a hat we thought that to create interest H
in our hat department we must do something that is not done by pi
other dealers, so we searched the markets for a pood hat which »
would retail at $2.50. When the hats came in we sold them for $1 o^ " B
and have been doing it ever since. They come in derbys, fedoras and n
graecos in the popular shapes and colors. If you are used to oayinjr H
$2.50 for your hat. just try one of ours at U
$1.95 I
718 Market Street. SLOS ANGELES, .Nov. S.— Jud?e Snaw
has made another entry on the pages of
history in the famous Creede will contest
case. This morning he denied a motion
cf Mrs. Louisa N. Creede for a family
aliowance of J2S0 a. month from the
estate. . Mrs. Creede entered into- a sepa
ration Contract with Creede In considera
tion of a payment of 0,000 made by him
to her. The court therefore decided she
was not entitled to any share in Us<s
estate
NV> 3Icney for Mrs. Creede.
FRESNO, Nov. 22.— Only a trace of rain
has fallen in the last twecty-foty hours,
and the weather forecast is cloudy. No
damage from the storm or flood Is re
ported in this county, and the unusual
rain has been a very welcome one to the
grain farmers.
SACRA1IENTO. Nov. ~L — Normal
weather has prevailed here since the big
storm of Tuesday night. To-nignt the sky
is overcast, but there is hardly a breach
of wind, and unless a breeae ccrnes up
ram is cot Iikel? to falL No reports of
damage by Tuesday night's storm have
been received beyond the breaking- of a
Jew windows, tlie overturning of some
windmills and o«thouses, etc.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. r.— The rain
cea«ed fallinj this afternocn and the
clouds cleared away for the first time
¦ince last Saturday, ending the greatest
November rainfall for over twenty years.
The total precipitation for tiie storm is
S.GS inches, making 7.01 Inches for the sea
son. No damage was done.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. Jt— It has rained at
Intervals during the day and to-night
there is a. hea.vy downpour. The total for
tie storm, ta t>^« city at 3 p. m. was only
1.31, but in the Interior the precipitation
haa been pheccmesal At Cuyarnaca,
where the flume company's great storage
reservoir Is situated, the rainfall has
reached the enormous total of twelve
Inches, and there is now eighteen feet of
water In the reserve!*, which had been
practically cry before the storm.
At Descanso and Oak Grove there has
been a. fall of et?ht Inches; at Morena.
dajs. 3.60 inches, and the streams there
are now risirs and 400 inches of water
la Cowing into the darn. At Sweetwaxer
the precipitation has been L50, and water
Ss not yet flowing into the reservoir at
that place. Alpine tax had 4.25 and there
was 3 inches at Lower Otay dam
FAB3H2TG LAXDS BENEFITED.
cf the State.
Sain. Is "Welcomed In 2£any Sections
Treasurer's Of 2ce Reopens.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 22.-The County Treas
urer's office, which has been closed for a
couple of days because of the contest
over the County ' Auditorshlp between
Auditor Col and Martin Murpny. is O o#n
again for business. v^
Caught With Plunder.
CHICO, Nov. 22.— Howard Hanlon alias
Hamlin. suspected of being implicated in
a robbery at ahaata last Friday nizht
was arrested In thi* city last night, Han
lon had been seen to crawl under a wa-e
house near the railrtwid and officers were
stationed to arrest him whea he came out.
About 9 o'clock he appeared carrvtng a
large bundle. He wa3 immediately ar
rested. The bundle contained three
watches, two dozen new knives and sev
eral dozen silk handkerchiels. which have
been positively identified by Sheriff Beh
reps of Shasta County. Hanlon was
taken to- Redding to-nlrfat.
Asks Judgment Against E. C. Single
taxy for Breach of Contract.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 22.-Charies M. Short
ridge, editor cf the Evening Herald to
day filed a rait in the Superior Court
?*¦&&. £ C " Siasletary,- the capitalist
for SlOflO. for alleged breach of coatrac*
Editor Shortridge cornea out with a «(»n
sational article tn the Herald this eveni"-?
in which he charges Singletary violated
his contract in order to scheme with
George W. Cozzens, president of the SaH
Jose TVater Company, to oust him from
the Heraid. He declared this Is attempted
because he stated he will make a fiyht
for lower water rates.
EDITOR SHOBTBTDGB SITES.
Special Dtapatdi to Tae CalL
SEATTLE. Not. £.— Amcng the prison
ers fcroug-ht from Nome yesterday was
Gladys Shores, sentenced to five years
ia the McNeils Island penitentiary for
drug-^lrg and robbing William Conway, a
miner, during the summer carnival cf
: crime at Nome. Gladys Shores ia the
first woman prisoner at McNeils and there
ia another aide to the story that 13 con
siderably out of the ordinary.
Steadtastly maintaining her innocence,
she jives a statement to the presas, which
ia, to say th* least, startling in its naxure.
whether or not there be any truth tn it.
In a signed letter she sayi tn part: "My
arrest was brought about by the machina
tions of a United States deputy marshal
by the name of Campbell. Several days
previous to my arrest, while my husband
was away from town on. a. trip- to tne
hiils, this man Campbell came to me and
made a proposition that only a man cf his
caliber is capable of. On my indignant
refusal to comply with his request, or as
it misbt b« termed command, he thr«»a.c
ened to- have me put In jail. The sequel
shows how well be kept hi* word."
The letter states that whil* ilrs. Shores
was in her tent one evening a young man
named Myers brought Conway to th<»
door, and. statin? that he was ill. asked
that he be permitted to lie down. Camp
bell, who, the letter sayi, waa always
han^in? around the tent, saw the two
men enter and shortly afterward rc3hed
in, accompanied by two soldiers, and ar
rested Myers and Mrs. Snores on a cha-?e
of drug-jzlnz- and robbing Conway. Myer«
escaped before the trial, but Mrs. Shore3
aa she says, by the perjury cf Campbell'
was convicted as an accomplice to the
robbery and se-ntenced to five year*
"Not longr after my trial," writes Mrs
Shores, "tne man Campbell wa3 trans
ferred to the jail as a zlzhz guard. Every
eight while he was on duty at the jail h*>
would come to my cell and make the <aae
proposition to me that he had mad«» be'o-^
my arrest. He also stated that if I had
?iven In to him before my arrest I would
not have been, in the preificanent I th a n
was and it was not too late yet to jr«t out
of g-cins to the penitentiary.
"At last I sent for my attorney. M"-
Miller, and stated the facts to him. H*
said that the man should be prosecuted"
In the meantime one of Campbell's fello-w
oScers heard cf the consultation I had I
had with my attorney, and ccmin? to me
made the threat that tr I did not let
thinsrs go Campbell would p-e«c-» a
charge of blackmail against me "*Sq
nothing was done about the matter'"
r ¥*** . Sh ° rea was taken to McNeils
Island to-day.
bery, Slakes Grave Charges
Against a United States
Official at Hcme.
Gladys Shores, Charged With Bob-
WOMAN ACCUSES
A DEPUTY MARSHAL
Cfcief cf Police ax Los Anzeies think* he
is the cian who operated there last win
ter.
The latest inquiry for Ramsey comes
frcra the Sheriff a.: Carson City. Nevada.
TTxar official thisks Raxasey migbt b* the
person who operated at Carson last sun
der under the guise of a special a?ent of
the War Department in search cf cavalry
horses fcr the Philippines. The fellow
put n-p at the beat hotel in the town, and
purchased, a couple of car loads of horaea.
These he had deilrered at the railroad
yards en a certain, day and snipped to
San Francisco. The owners cf the ani
mals were zlven a neatly written draft on
the Assistant Treasurer of the United
States In New York In pa.yr=ent for tfc.e
fccrsea.
The swindler disposed cf the horses In
San Francisco throt^h a stockyard. A
couple of weeks later the Nevada stock
nea received notice from the Assistant
Treasurer that the drafts were worthless.
12 the rnaa wanted at Carson turns out
tc be Ramsey fce will have to answer to
many chara-ea of grand larceny and ob
taining nicney and foods under false pre
tenses.
Ejxscial Elspa-tcH ta Tt» CaXL
SAN JOSE, N'ov. 21— "WTIIiara F. Ram
sey, isrho is ttzder arrest for defrauding
I>r. Eenrey o* a cctrple ci huiiired dollars
fcy rneariS d worthless checks, is believed
fcy the police to te aa ali-arotind crook.
HalJ a dczen towns en the coast have
coisri:tiriica.tecl -with Chief of Police Kid
•ward in regard to Ramsey, who answers
the description cf men wanted in those
places- Six years ago Ramsey passed a
nursber of worthless checks at Sacra
rseriro. but the crfease is outlawed. The
Under Arrest at Saa
Jos«.
Police Seceive Manj Inquiries E«
g-ardlagr ~W. F. "Ramsey, 2To-w
SOSPEGTED OF BEING
ALL-ABOUND CROOK
SAr.*TA CRUZ. Xov. 22.— The last boat- '
ness at the nte^tin? cf the Episcopal Ccn- '¦
re cation cf Baa Jcse was the selection cf j
t&e n-xt place of meeting. sa':-as was :
rhotn. ft is ?nbaK« a. special meeting- >
¦w-.u b»* held immediatelr aiter the <iio- !
c^san ccnvccation; wiiich m^ets tn Jan- !
cs_ry. If to it win t* held in Trinity !
Cir^rch cf Saa Jcge. J
"Will 3£eet at i^^^c
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 22.— State
Prison Guard Samuel Randolph
Tvas shot down by a discharged
convict. J. EmxningtOTL, alias John
Conway, alias Larry Doyle, at the
doorway of Shepherd's Hotel at Point San
Quentin at about 3:3) o'clock this after
noon. Randolph will recover.
Following a usual custom, after 5
o'clock, a number of the guards, among
them Randolph, sauntered from the
prison down to the hotel for their mail.
In the barroom Emmington was seen, but
r.othing was thought of it. as he was o4T
the prison grounds and was accompanied
by a young man who had called at the
prison" to- see a convict. The trouble
started before any one realized it. Eia
mingtcn called Randolph a vile name and
said he never was any good. The ex
convict then backed to the door, and
drawing a revolver, took deliberate aim
at Randolph and flreci- His victim fell.
As the trigger was polled Randolph was
In the act of springing upon his would-be
murderer.
These who wer* present say that Em
rr.m^ton's face was livid with raj?e am!
that be looked more like a wild beast
than a man. After surveying the pras
trate man he ran down the read, taking
off his overcoat as he ran. At the first
break in the fence he left the road and
The alarm was given at the prison and
a large body cf guards was sent cut.
Sheriff Taylor hurried to the Point and
arrested the fugitive's companion and
locked him up in the County Jail. He,
however, claims to have known. Ernming
tcn only a few day3 and says that they
came here on the 1:20 narrow-gauge
train. He gives the name of Jimmy Davtj
and says that he lives in San Francisco.
Emmington has served several terms in
prison. He was discharged from tbe
prisoa en July 24 last He had finished
serving- a ten-year sentence from Sierra
County for burglary. While at tfce
prison he was known as a bad prisoner.
Ht had an ugly disposition and was al
ways In trouble.
Randolph has been a guard for seven
years and has had charze of the yard. It
is believed that the assault was the re
sult of some grievance that Emminston
fancied he had against him. Randolph
Is the man who- captured Johnson when
he and Heaiy attempted to> escape sev
eral months ago.
The bullet rfred by Emmington struck
Randolph in the thigh. He will recover.
Late to-nl?ht Emnisrton wad captured
by Sheriff Taylor on a hill near the boule
vard. He took hL« arr^t as a matter of
course and tan Randolph had beaten
him and caused him to lose his credits
He hiul an old-fashioned pistol in his
Docket.
Special Dispatch to Ths CalL
Samuel Randolph Is Wounded by J.
Emmington at San Quentin.
EX-CO N-VICT J. ERMINGTON. WHO ATTEMPTED TO KILL SAMUEL
RANDOLPH. A SAN QUENTTN GUARD. ERMINGTON ESCAPED
INTO THE HILI^S. BUT WAS CAPTURED BT SHERIFF TAYLOR.
Rev7 H. B. Restarick of the Episcopal
church of this city has undertaken to
help, and he has received considerable en
couragement from the Deople of this city.
The manzarita berries were a failure
and the acorns dropped from the oak trees
in June because of the lack of moisture.
Mrs. Watkirs write? that ten years of
service with the Indians has accustomed
her eyes to sad sights, but she has never
seen anything like the picture which ia
presented by their prospective suCering
during- the coming months.
There will be many dead from, lack af
nourishment before the winter is passed
unless the white people of the State con
tribute to their support. On reserva
tions near the inhabited valleys the young
bucks secure work with the white ranch
ers and divide what they earn willingly
with those who are older and unable to
work, but neither old nor young know any
theory of life save money earned 13
earned to spend, anc it goes quickly.
There are many reservations, however
which are not within reach of work for
either young or old and it is on tho** that
there Is th© zreatest suffering and li"-tely
to be the greatest lack of food.
Mrs. Mary Watkins, the teacher at Me«a
Grande Reservation, where there are 3C6
people, of irhora twenty-seven, are so otd
that they are helpless, writes of having
visited seven of the reservations and
found the Indians in a dreadful condition
of want In all of them. Children and
women are almost naked, and there Is
not enough food tn any of the lodges to
keep the inhabitants thereof alive through
the winter.
The dry years have left the Indiana In
dire distress from lack of food and thetr
condition li Indeed pitiable. The Indian
ts never a provident bein^, and the years
which have not broug-ht enough, water to
the lands to admit of reaping aa zsuch aa
had been sown have left them poorer and
poorer and less able to stand against
privation.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 22.— The report that
there are In Han. Diego County several
hundred people In danger of starving dur
ing the ccmins 1 winter haj startled the
peopie of this city, but the facts are
vouched far by the teachers of the schooi3
on. the Indian reservations, and they have
by request visited nearly all the reserva
tions for the purpose o-f learning the con
ditions.
Special Dtejjatch to The Call.
Naked.
Crops Fail Owing 1 to the Prolonged
Drought and Many of the Un
fortunates Are Almost
NO FOOD ON THE RESERVATIONS
Pitiable Condition ol Indians
in San Diego
HUNDREDS ARE
ON THE VERGE
OF STARVATION
As Boon as possible alter the ?-r.$ ; rg of
the three bodies ¦wcrd was sent to
Er:»e-:«r.-i, and a posse c* mounted rurales
¦x;< started out to maie a hunt for the
fndtara and bring then to justice. The
razalea have to travel many miles before
reachirg- the country in which the crime
•eessreo and it is possible that word from
thera will not be received fcr a day cr
:wo.
Th« r<?p-:rt =ara that Peter ilelandres,
¦w-.;. tULM a. reputation, ail ever the lower
pctiti "-..i s_s a cutthroat and thief, ia
with the Iniians. It is believed here
tber* :s seme mistake in the report and
that the maa mean: is Pedro Morales.
wiio is wanted is tnls county fcr th-sft
B I>*s Ang-eles Ccunty fcr the mur
_-r ef Z*puty Sheriff Wilson several
; ears tea. UoraJc* was recently report
ed to have b«?*n Stilled by a rural near
Alar- w. bat tin* report turned out to te a
mistake, as the outlaw was merely sight
ed tad vocnded by the nfflftr:
KoxhSsff seen of the umCerota Ia
dl*na, cut i: wtls net hard to guts* whera
to Ia.7 the responsibilty far the crime.
-nes« Indians, particularly these ilvin? in
tie mcu-tai-s, are aesxi-baxtarets. Tfcey
ha.v« the rtp'-itaticn cf b<?i^? willing to
kill Cox the merest txlfia, Caxtle sceaxins
is ccrs^ricri w.th th-em. and thoug-hi co'x
jared to attack they a.re par-aculariy bru
tai and biao&tbixwxj when able to surpr.se
en wwyij Sseh appear* to have b*«n
the character cf the mrrtfer in this case.
The India^is i--"- 1 ma.de a rail c=. the
zr.'.-'.-.g C2^=5 end had ru= :ff a number
of cattle telcn^-.ns- to Asur.o. the stcre-
In crier to reco-.-«r his teat stoci
Acur^o. is. com^anj ¦sritli a ~a.r: naraed
Bottto «r.d a. rural ai-iiicar. poSec crS
cer) ¦wrhcae -*-^» ttsj net reverted, gave
chsje. Xs? y~'rs fis heaLrd cf th* pursu
ers for rwa days, when a =5.-., who was
crtvizc i tunch cf cattle through to the
Ccicra.d» River, <-* — - upen thai bodies of
th« zire« ces >j tw l cear th* trail- They
¦were ccverec with wcu-ds. indicarir.?
thii they had fc€€n taken :r surpr.se and
had r.c; beer. £ive- a chance ffcr their
lives.
SAN EIEGO. Not. r.— A.cccrd:=? to re-
P«~J Jrot= Easecada, received by tie
Unicr to-day, the bloodthirsty Ccccpai
Isiiazs ci ti« deser; ans respc^sitie *cr
th« surier ci three men. aad the cSScers
cJ the Law are en a hu^r for rhe EufiOF
fa-tei The murder txxmed r.c: far
rrcrs the drurj towa cf Juarez en the
desert side of the zz.c-intaiz.3. ahc.it nine
ty rr::!eai frota. Si- Zntgo, and well ever
tawaxd th« r-If ccast.
S^i^*I DUraica ta Tie CaU.
Pcsse cf Ycsted Hcrales Leaves
Z^s«nada and Is in Eot ?ur
6'ait cf tie Treachercus
Hfid Men.
BODES ARE BADLY MUTILATED
T&ree Men Killed by Savages
Near Mining Town
ol Juarez.
INDIANS ARE
ACCUSED OF A
TRIPLE MURDER
PRISON GUARD IS SHOT
BY A FORMER CONVICT
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, XOYEMBEE 23, 1900.
5
AH VEBTISZ3tE2ITS.
• »I'T!«s:hi rtfiritr rnqpiii.
tP4CiriC 11"T«.I
Trmlas l«»«e ••¦•( «r* <in« ta> aarrl*« <»i
«%5I rtXAXClMCO^
( ili.n Line, Foes cf 11 u tit ;5r«st ;
( tUTI — 7ii)» SOTBI35.1 7. 1300. — iJMH
•7^«* B-okix Eisiira. Vaearda,
Eaaiseyvnt sujsnmeamo ......... >JtUr
*T:O« A Sl^uta Exoriss Daria. Wtdaasa <t=t
Bara«tt Scrisfak WfUava. sLad
BluC. gactlanrt... *Jrl3p
>7t3«» Maninax, -!»a tt »ajoa. T ».-.* jo. 5*9*.
Calls srg» aad 3aa?» Boas "IjIV"
*9sw«a Daru. w ocliaj.!. Sa^asa T.^n.ftw^
Marfs»Jlie. f>ro»UI»_ ........ ... «T:J3?
•»!«•» A ejaacii: Kzpraaa — Ocdon aad Rast *«:«i»
•*«?•» Xn-r*. Lfrsnuors. T»7. Laircp.
osacssoa *7:13?
•»iJ« 1 • »a J«s«, LlTimor*, -skumh.
lane. .•acrvneuM. P'. wrrtCj,
U.rj"'"-. thico. It*.'. B:»J M.ISp
•¦«fS»« C*< 1*.-, Ckiaese. sanara. Carters... *4>l3p
**=?*>. H»T »•-.-!». N .i^ »o.l fftr Bsadooa. " I I : * *«
tiavtln An«-9>es Ex^raas — Mtrdawt.
Vncj. Lainrnp, itocCuo. X«r3r4
s"rssna tmt Lea As^ilea .......... *7:13p
«9tS»A V l> '.1. \Ii.-.ia-t: t.1.1 VT »f *3r43p
•!•:««• Thi- O»-riAn.i Li nit«-t— C'slea, Das-
»«r. OmaJja. Chioa*-. «•*•«*
•!!;«•»% 2THrs, Stocaton. *acna>vata. X«a-
iiisf». fmm, Uaafari. V!n*^*
Partertin* *4tll»
*llr«<lv Uf-r^ior*. 3asj^r. Go>itea Jtsaav
don. Baisrjiju!. Lea .kngsida.....
tl:«a>p ¦'fnai-mu UiTerSc««aMHt* . ••:«•»
*%«•; Hirneb, KUn ud Wi) dts^ou. *3il3p
«4:«*P Martinet. Raaj Kakioii. V»i!«>o.
>'iji«, r<i:!«ti:{'t. f*ii:i !t>:ss, **tlS«
• *i««? n-n.i3». Whxsexa. -?*cr»:n»n!o.
WwMlUml. Ku!<ibU i^adfaf.
MixjitUJ*. OroTUia. •!•-«>,
Mil^rEiTTjrli M;«».i,! ; a.-iJiM t«:4.1 A
¦%rw«r >'nes. Liveraicrs aad Stoekvai * I «>t-O ».
j.5m«? casa«S Ltxitrd. El Paa», 5«w
Otieaaa icd Salt. ;1 0:1.1,
*3:*«?Tfa» O-»l iiaiite<i— Tracy. Ffun.y.
Bahen&eUl. Saasna for ?*.ic* Bar-
- ban. L«a Anzviea. *I»:H»
¦Wtr.N^ Orl>>aac Cxzrsss— B&k«rsfleld.
>»n W H»r!F«i. Laia A n j ;ic4. Dem*
Ing; EH Pwio. Jft* Orleana aa4
East „...., *7i«a» i
*«:««p B«wii. Nilea aad Saa Joav •7>4«« i
? <l:*»«»r V»ll»i» „ •! M-U '
•*r«M» r Orsantal Mill — Os-lan. Cheiraa«.
Outaha. Chlc«i3 "Ss-Up
•«:••• OrieuUI Uati-Opiea, DmTtr
Omaaa, Calaa«a..... « M:ll?
•Tiw^pOreiruH xad WL'cril* Kxpr-o ¦•*«.
r.tri:»ii.l. Pn-t -mu,,| «„<! Kj« M:«li i
••iwSr 9*a Pi bio, F»rt CtMta. Xarsloaa
a»it W%» dutlona Ml.« %
t»»03p VaiHa «l 1»43> j
CQaSI MfCalfNI (5arr»i« »«¦««).
I (F0.1t u{ Uir'ut .itr-^l.: j
B.miil-r Cr-e«. <*.i ta Crra a«l Wa»
8UUo«a «««a<»i>
. t»tl3p !Te»*rt. Contorrtile. aan Joae, 5»w
Alai* !-n. r^ton. RiiaMer Cmk.
Santa, Cm aa<l FrrncipaZ Way
„ ...... 1 !••»•.
Mil Jr 5«wirt. l*»i) Jon, tnGttM... •»*»•«
«llri3p Hmuen' ZxaaaSaa. Saa Jcaa ami
Wayatattoaa fiawp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaiu riii-::s;3 — r»t »r n.rnt 3l-i.i,j;u1!
•7:15 »:«I 11:00*. a. J1^3 *l:5a tJ;» '
M:C3 15:53 *S:JJ:'.a.
IfimUHUtJ— fwt •.'3rui».T.— •••CO ; CO M40«a :
tU:C3 'irg; trss «3:ca tU3 ?i;:^^. ;
f».l»T BITISIO1 (Braa4 6aa««). .
(Thlr-i ami To-»n«iiri Sta.)
tfl:H»» (Jcean Vla», Smith Fr-»oci*eo.. t*t3«r '
•7:w»* P** Jom ,i.,.J W*» -t*tl..uii (S«w
A!:nl.iei» V7*tH*i<!.trt only) ...... •I:ls* '
*»i«»» Haji Jnow. Tires Pliius. 4*m4* t.'ras. |
r»^i.1<! <lr-i»- Pass Rubles. Saa
Lola itl.mmi. s,, r f. Lonpoc ami
Prtucfpai W*y Steci.ima ..... •4il«p :
*••«<<»* Saa Joa» tint Way -!i4iinn« ....... Msi.1 4
*l lrl» , -,4.;i Jusn au>! V7ay itatinna *3i3«* •
t»r«»r A«a >li:rt. Halved!. Msoto P«rk.
P»:.» Altai .taauCUn. ¦*•¦» J>i««.
Tr<9 Finos. Saata. i.'ruz. g-'«"-n
Moutervj ami FactSe Gnw...... rl 9:in » '
f*cS»r f»aa Joae m<t War SUlfens «7ja<»p
Hsl^r Saa Joae »a«i Principal W»yduUon» *9:I3» ;
t-5:«»»? mji Jen*, Lea Gasca aa4 Principal
Way dtaifona .-«. . *»!••* !
•3s3»p 3uJow *o<I Principal Vi| 3taHoaa •«:-t--»»
H:3a> Su Jui wt V>r jtatlou t«:««»
aHltti!" Saa Jea« »m! Wap 'itmHamm. ..... *T»3a)p
AfarManun{. Pte Aftarmtaa.
'Daily. t »tcm>t*&. t Samdar caiy.
a Mondays. W«<iae»Iay». yriiaja.
si rtaftiirtis j ocix.
Santa Fe
Trains—^Hy
X^eaw* Slirfc st-*tr?«t Ferrr DvocC •
LTe. Saa Fraadsco. »^» a ai;4:rJ p ts| IS» a j
Arr. Stocitua ~.... 12:30 p ia;i:15 b ai;il:flS a ta |
•* Merced ........ 2:C p mi 1:13 a s !
•• Freaa* ..—— 4:» p aii MSia
¦ Vlsatta. *:0«i o aa 4:39 a. aa I
•• Tular* .....—.. «^3 V ni - 5:ia a m i
•* Haaford ...... 3:n p m . t:0* a 31 .
•* EakerafieU ... !¦'&> 5 ai IJ9 a m
- D«aT«r ~ WrfW a o - '
- Kaasas Clrr— S:U p ax
- Cticaga ':«* a &
t a. =. trala la ta« Or«rLaa>I t^X7r«sm. Cerra- !
s^andlnc cuts tirttw at * p. ai. OaOy.
4O3 n. ax. ta Stodcraa Local. CcmsscniiLaj j
trahi arrtT»a U:« a. bl daily.
I:«J p. bl ts Fr«sca aad Bai«n£«!<l Expmav
with SIe«pla* Cars :cr aota dtles. CdmapcadV
tax trala arrive* at I a. m. daUT-
OFFICES— Ml Maritet st. aad la Ferry Pag.ia»>
CALIFORNIA SO&TBVESTSiS fiT. CO.
SiM FEASCISGoT^loHTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COVIPA>Y.
i TiBcaox rsaar- rocrr o? »«agTgr rr:
San Fraincfaco t» 61a Rafae'.
! WETSX DATS— T .30. »:<». UrOO a. av; UJ8. I:J»X
t-^A. t:30 3. m. Thar*i»T»— Sitra, trip at U:>»
p. re =atir-iiy» — Sxtra> tzlsai «£ \:» ma&
11-23 9. ta.
I SC.VDaTS— I'M. »:». XL-CO a. bXJ U«. I:Jt. t A
i a 5. a.
6«n Rafael to 6«.t Fpwaclaco.
«£U DATS- 4il». !:% »:3a. E:ia a. jn.; a:«»,
: l;«l. KM ;. Q. Samriar*— Extra trt;a *z Ui*
tr.i 13 s. =.
j lUNOATS-t^J. f:«. H^» a. sn.: 1:*X !:«, lrf»;
i:25 ?. m.
B«t-vees Saa aTaadaco aaiS Schataea Pa^X.
I aazi* ach«!3i* u abo-ra.
LeaTs j Ia SS«ct { Arrr»»
gas Friaclryx ( Nov. :. UcO. I 3*a rranclacrx
Weeit ! 5sa- f J Soa- | W*.*
Davys. , £a?a. . Destination. { iizi- I Ewr*.
: f^Saa' S ""• »rr. N5ri:j, 1">-*>u:: S:«l a=a
: 110 ;=v 9:33 *.r. Petai-ama. i » 'IS ;=.a a aa
I l:li pa; $.-j» fa; Saata Rc«a.[ • JS ;«a 1:3 ;a
rwtBo. j
I : JC aa> XVtndscr. DO-.S ia
H**.iJ3irj. I
Lrttin.
Gey^errlUt. J
1 t:t ° gta >:g8 * = C 1^ 8^ 1 *-*' > 7:a P^' >J> ?**
¦ tJOani' j HejUad 1 {
I } 1^0 ajaj and U^iAh. f T:3S ya! 1:3 ?aa
! T:3) aal I 13: a ia
f l^» a=»F O««r=«Ttr«. T:35 pta;
; iragexl { H-Opq
; 1^30 u I:CQ ast! Sccosaa, J:ti azai i.*» ta
laa pml 5^0 pn! ClatTiglea. f «~CS gmf «:g ge>
• :^0 a=* «i» ao| 13: « asi;l»:S a=a
130 ;n, S.CQ p=, Setaatopci. 1 7:JS ;a. i.S ;=»
Stasis eocnect at Sasta Rcss Tzr Vf.ir* "ST»-«t
Hsrtnys aad 'WrMts Sulaaar Sprts^s: at 3*3ltoa
tor Aimrta; at Lyttcc far Ljrttoa 3pr*.= r». as
GtwIm* for Rcacx* 9?rla4-s; it Clirmrla:*
for ta* G»T^er»; at Boplaad f=r Dcacaa
£prt=r». ElaiilaatJ SprSara. K«is«TTta». Car!**
Sal 3sr!=<3. so<la Bay. Lii^jor: aa<l 3a^t>tJ
SsrCrss; at CViaii far Vtcay yprtn**. Sar»tara
Eprtars. Bl-ae LaJi?a. La\or«l Dei! L*.«*. 'Wltte*
Spriar*. U5?«r Lak». P^ino, Pottsr VaJl«y.
Jota Da7*i. Risrersiils. Ller'.sy'a. BarkseH'a.
C aaa»dr!a E«!xau. HailTta*. Ctt'b Hot Sprta*-*,
MsrJoctao Ctty. Fart Brxrr. W^stport. Caai.
WUlets. LaytocTlI«. o»"^p B*U's a L "' »~ L
JSarrta. OUesa. Dyer. Sctxia »-.i Su.- *»-
aatarday ta Sfcedar rxs^!-ut? dciuta as r«-
<seed rat«s.
Oa 5ii.-..la.7?. rccatf-trts tickrtj ta »3 pntatt
fteT-r-.ii Saa RaTacI at aali rausv
Ticket o±ac«^ CO \tirxst ax.. Car?e!3i« boIT4>
tB«r- • R- 3C RTA.V.
tt. C WiUrtNO. Gao. Paaa. A«S.
G«x 3£aaa£>r.
HQBTB PACIFIC GQAST BAILBOAOL
Vic Sausatxto F«rry.
Cca^aencia* aept«aii«T *). DCOL
TRO3* fi-O» FRANCISCO TO V'T-T, V'ALLSZ
'A.ND 3AN RAPAZL,
EXTRA TRTP*— Far Mill ?aC«y aatt SaA
r_iTa#i. as UofKtays. WmT wiliji 3*»»
Brtiyi at J-iO aa<: US 3. bl
sundat*- # j.tm. *:a:a<», «t::» *. m~ nji
I:li «4:4i. 1:30. 9:«0 a. n.
Trxiaa manted «•> roa to 3aa Ca*etta.
FROIT 3.O* RjUTAEL. to 3AX **R-U<CI3CrX
WKEX DAT3 — 6:X. -<l:ja. S:«B, tJB a. oa_
•S30. 1:«S. -2 JO. tdit, J:M a, aj.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Maa^iaT*. Wtdsesdaj*
aad 5a::r!ay» a: C:O aad :1 *) 5. a.
SCXDATS— 4":3Q. "l:«0t •M.Oflt "H.a> a. am-
n:«a. «1:U. 4:*i *«:30 9. m.
Traias csar»»>l «•> start from San gmmj-X. ¦
FPOM \m.T. V1LLBT TO 3A>< rHAXCI3COL
WEX r>AT3— «:«. «.45» I:SJ. 1 3 *. a_
B:». ::B). 1:30. «:S*. S:3 B. ra.
EXTBA TRIPS ea M:=ii7i. WadoMadart
and eataniays at 7:13 ial 19:a a. a.
8OTDAT3— irfSS. a CS a. ai.. C:flS. I.O. a^a.
¦ .-0O. «:«i 3. na-
THHOTTOH TRAEC3L
I.H a. bl week day*— Caxadars aasS way **.
Cess.
t:«3 p. ra. Eatariax*— TaaaJaai *a& way it*.
ties*.
*;•» av sa. li. n'aja 7w*i'*- aaA way aca*>
«CSaW
MQUNf TAHALPA1S RAILWAY
LesT*9 Saa FrL=cl»ca. -rta SaosaSto 5"»rry:
WSEK OATS >-13 a. m.; 1:«S aad ?.•>O 3. =x.
3VXDATj J.20. :j-JO. U:M aad XU3 9. a.
Fare. FroacUca ta 3"— ..t.'.: aad Rgtara.
JTSTW TAVERS OF* TA JtALPAIS XtTW OPE!*.
Tlr-»yt efB«r»*- Cl M»rVe» «>.. 3aC!—Ilto ftrr.
/" "^ l)r. Gibbon^ Dlspcnsarj,
•»• 1 '**» £c* t»* tr«atin»c; of Pr;Tr»i8)
S lAffil Else**"*, Lest itiaa.^-1 D-clUty -jr
W^Bvai i:>«»ta^*^aTt2^on 5*Ml7»ailaila«I vad
rV^^rfaa -itn Dt****:*. ra« -toc»rcnrwT«ae>%
l^ESBSctJ'iiiieniail Fry ai=L Caan»» *w
StijESraCi!; t'ai r«~»m »f»«»»i Ca;ior»-:A
Oa-. J. *•- blBBO.V 3ai 1 J-JT. au-i J*nadaca»
liU. T. HESS,
«ta3T pciiu a«j Arraujf-A.r-ii.T.
T-?nta STcor. Boom I3I3w_Qa3a Snreclui* 3,'uXg.
T»L*pccne Brawn Wl.
Resi&eace. CI «ZaO;ara!a it., below riaafT.
t gas TrxsdacaL
ADVZBTISZSCOrrS.
Free to the
Ruptured!
Dr. W. S. Eice, tfce Well Kco-wti An- |
tiority. Sends a Trial of His
Famous Xetfcod Free :o All.
Out c: the cha:« cf cli-tl=e fallar* c=~e« a I
rew ar-i «tart:i=»: cure i-.v r^pr-r?. Dr W. S. !
Ejc«. 41S X. Itam re. Aia.=ia. N. T.. *-^- In- i
vented a, szeti-rd that cirw w-.iisout p»in. <laa- !
VS. C3.XS. ULN'GS. *
*-er. cr«ra::ca cr a= tnzz'i lc«» at tiis« f>-=i !
tie is.7 • w-^-u. Ta ar^id an qa«atlona cf -"AxSt ;
t« ««iii» rree te e-rerr sa--r-r a fr%« trial ot '¦
matlmC *=i c*n &e no eartily rtasci
¦»rty &rr eae. rtca or twer, giiouii 20 t ind '
tteats«;Te» of ti^s reaerocs cCer. aj aa '-- j
«ta==* sf talj rea^arkabi* raethoJ, tie ca-«"if :
or m*e — l^e^ce.
34r. I<rt- la & w«2 sld «^=tlecian. !
73 rears cr a*-, a.-.S :.-r e:j=te?a 7-3.-5 toil
bad Saato r; : tare whlca no tr«t=eat^:* j
cco« artth. After a •hort tiae sf tae PJc« !
r:et=s<I tie left rupturs heaiei entirely and 'Sk '
rtjrnt was aJLmc«t eics«i In a few weks. i*a- i
¦ZjlT ce Is aa »:-;-! u a dcllar. -wears no -,-l«« !
»?r ctier su^^crt aai hi« cure is ccly cae ot '
h'Zs.iz+iM cf i.r*;;a,r cas«s r»pcrtp<i !rr ti»<»a# '
irri cse the P^ce catted. S^d fir tWa ; r«« S
trial. Dcn't b« bacinrart. It w.H iurrr-.»i» you ;
•with It* wcnderful pewer to teal. Ac<i ir you ;
k=r.w cf ctner n: tared p»ric:» ask tiear ta I
write cr write for th«si. I>> sot rail to wr*-e '
at cna: do «o t>^ay.
/^fe^Sl BOTTLE LUntc
MCBURNEY'3
/ ™ * <iy rwiuuc^ cure
*^ t^y A tsoroufa <r=re lor !
frj I Q p*i=s ia tie baci,
S J\ ERIGHTS CISEASE. I!
24 r /^ female trocblea, isecs.- :
cicecceof urtse. brlcic daat <lepc«;:«, fc^i- j
wett:a«; cf ctiiirea, nrravel. gail stOQea, j
drop«7. fiiabetes. and rbEcnatua-
FOR SALE AT
DAKL.BEJTEER. DRL'O CO.. nt Kearay «.. j
A.VD AT
TEE OVTX. DEITG CO.. US Market at. j
¦cad Tjc tn 2; stamps ta W. F. McBamey. I
«1S S. Scrta* St., Lc» Armeies. CaL, for S I .
d&rs" »¦¦!'—" PncuaU C 56. Dmjrista. I
§\TM, %1GO2. >Tr*JJTYforME\ I
MORMON BI5H0fS PUXS |
ba^e b*«a fa sac o*<?r firty |
year* ty the leaders <jf ta« >
Marsioc Church asd their tol- '
lowers. Positively eares the 1 '
wcrw cases In old and yoona; I I
crlaiac frca «*2Tecti cf aeif- :
abuse, disci pa tlca. »xcet»*a or ;
«:;ffarette-«sickl3r. Cures Lett
S&mhood. Impctsscy. Lest
Power. N"i«ht Lcs^ea. Inscin-
mav, Falsa la Hark. £»-.! Desires. List Btcx.
f."er»c^a Debility. HeadacSe. Un2t3ess ta Mar- 1
ry. Less cf Sean-n, ¦» V'*r!coc«4* cr Ceo- .
•tipatioR. Steps. S»'« *^ #1 rrcca T wljchlax '
»rf Eyelids. Effects JTv^r«* f '* iB5»=edlate. <
Iirs«rt r.gr:r asd CEJ»T3 r^mcy ta emery <
fiiiwrticB. EK^t't «;et despotideat: a emt Is at j
r«ri. Resrares vmall. uadeirei'^ied cr?au. ,
Et]iBB'^t« ta« trara aad ctrre ctatera; Sic a .
t-x; « Ii:r tt UJ fcy irall. A writtea ruanatee ta .
<ure cr iccs*y r»*-.r=<!<«i wit* < boxes. ClrcsUra '
rr»«. Acirens EISHCP EEMEDT CO.. 49 Enia '
at.. Sar Fraceiaco. CaL. GRANT DSCC CO, '
t a£d «9 Third at. [ t
TJNTTED STATES BSAXCH.
st/\xe;v\eint
i —OF THE-
I CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THZ—
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP LIVERPOOL. SXGLASD. OX THS E5T
day of Decstnber. A. D. XS39. and for tile
y»ar eadlcr en tiat dar. as made to th»
Insurance Commissioner of the Stats of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to th* provisions of S*ctfonu
SIO and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per Mnnk furnished by the Cocmilasloaer.
ASSETS.
Real tstitc cwsed br corapaay C143.090 05
Loans on bcmi'i aad raortga*?s 22O.(H00 CO
Cash market value at all stocks and
bonds owairf by company 1.736.30 )Z
Cash ta company's office. ............ !.a: Tl
Cash la banks 343,313 83
Int*r»st da* acd accrued en all
atocis aad loans 44.33T it
Interest du* aad accrued oa tondd
and dort«affes 1.I1S »T
Premtnms tn dTie coarse of con*r-
tloa SSn.JSS «
Rsats d'a* aai accrue 13.422 4T
Aaiouat receivable under cerpstoal
pollcfes S8S J7
Total assets ..... SZ.2Vl.S' J 2 #t
LIABILITIES. "
Lc«s«s adjusted and unpaid Ci2S3 tX
Losses ta process of adjustment or
la suspense C3.IT5 13
Loaees resisti^il. lncludltur eipea*«.. 52.333 «;
Gross preraluasa on fire risks nrnnlna;
cc« year or 1ms. 13.777,283 33; rein-
surance 50 per cent X.33S.S4C M
Grras pr^inlums en fire risks ruaalay
mors tian one year. |4.3S,iat 45;
retnstiranc* pro rata, 2.2^.313 3
Amount r^:lalmable br tae iaaur-d
on p«»rp<!tual ars lnsuraace policies 22S.S35 17
LlabtUty undsr lire department 1*J,«3 S3
Due and accrued for salaries, rest
etc - - *— 23.321 82
All otter demands against t£« com-
pany K3.CS5 4£
Total UatCltlM J4.7G,*t2 45
rscazrsL .. : r,
V«t cash actually received for £r-
premium* «.ao«.fl3 31
Recsiv-ti for toter-st en bonds asd
rnortjases W.3J7 :«
Recetvid fcr taJerest aad dividends
on bonds, stocks. loans, and tnts.
all other sources 134.731 Tt
: Received far ma 34.007 S5
Total tacota* J4.22T.K3KJ
EXPENDITURES.
X«t amount raid for are tosses f In-
cluding J4S5.839 2«. losses af Dre-
vtou3 years) .....J2.94S.32 14
Paid or allowed far camailastan cr
. brok»ra»« ...... v — : «34.4+t j«
Paid for salaries, fees, and otaer
chars«s for officers, clerks, etc 243.S23 OS
Paid for State, national and local
taxss - 132.S33 K
All other paym-nts aad expendi-
tures K3.3S3 U
Total expenditures J4.:si.i:r C
Losses tnetrrred dtxrtzx tae y»arf2re>.Ii3^.a37 03
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Prtniteaw.
>J»t amount of risks!
* written during the;
year j SBM.SSS.*ia E,333.I3t 13
>Hs/t amount of rlsJtsi
expired during taej
year -I 583.3tJ,147 4,^3,133 71
Net amount la fares!
.December «. IS33....f 791.040.31 T.lOg.382 M
E. F. BEPPAT.T.. TX 3. ManagerT"
Subscribed and aurora ta before me. this ZSA
day of Jacuarr. 1300.
ED1TOTD HARVEY, Notary Public.
ROLLA V.^VVATT, Manager,
PACIFIC DEPART.nE^rT,
ROYAL INSURANCE BUILDING,
Comsr Fine aad Saas^me Sts.
BRANCH OFHGE - -TT 310 PINE STREET.
GORDON Z, FRASER, Manager*. j
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ia A GREAT RESTORATIVE. XSTVTGORA- '
tor and Jfervlae. •
Tbe most woaderfol aphztxilslac aad Special j
Toalc for tae S«xnal Orsaas. for boti sexea.
Tile Mexican EUraed7 for Diseaaes o£ the Kid-
neys ami Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. '
N'ABER. ALFS & BRC3TE. Agents.
323 llariit at., S. F.— tieaii for Circulars.)
BATT.TIOAD TEAVZL.
WILL IT BECOME POPULAR?
Eo-58- Do You like This New Fad?
V>g«taria.Es, anti-coCee drtnk»rs and
face cranks cf every description must
caw taJce a back seat, Tor a new fad has
the fioor.
A society has recently been formed, the
members of which pledge themselves to
eat no food whatever that has b*?en cook-
ed. Tney claim, that uncooked food 13 the
only rational heaithfril diet; that our re-
mote ancestor* ate no codked food and
therefore if we do the sarn© vigor and
health will be our reward.
Raw meat, raw potatoes, raw wheat,
raw e*g*. raw everything. Is the enticing
bill cf fare held out to the enthusiastic
food craaic of th<s future, and ths society
proposes to establish restaurants In the
larger cities where thi3 delightful menu
may be served daily.
Modern cooking ia often a dyspepsia
producer, because we fry so many foods
which should b» baked, roasted, broiled
or boiled; fried food is indigestible be-
cause each particle of food i3 incased in
hot jrrease. which th* digestive juices of
ths ston^ich cannot easily penetrate; but
properly cooked food 13 more easily di-
gested than the same feed uncooked, asd
we predict for the new fad a very limited
following-.
The real cause of indig-*stion Is the lack
of Hydrochloric acid ati<2 peptones in the
stomach, so that no matter how well
cooked the food it cannot be well digested
unless the gastric Juice i3 abundant and
contains the necessary amount of pep-
tonos to dissolva the food.
Therefore the most sensible cure for
poor digestion is to take after* each, meal
some safe and reliable digestive like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which supply
peptones to dijrest the meat and eeg-s and
diastase to digest th« bread, potatoes and
similar starchy foods.
Laxative medicines never cure Indiges-
tion, because they have no digestive effect
whatever upon the food; on the other
hand. If the food Is properly dig-esti^d
there will be no need of laxatives. Good
digestion does away wirh constipation.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tabl-ts contain pure
aseptic pepsin (government test) diastase
and the dig-estive elements which weak
stomachs lack, and they cure indigestion
by assisting the overworked, rundown sto-
mach in its hard work until it is restored i
to its normal condition, when the tablets I
are no longer needed; but there are thou-
sands of robust men and women who
never eat a. meal witlvaut taking- one or
two of Stuart's Tablets, because by 30
doing they can eat what they please and
when they please and be free from any
bad after effects.
SruarYs Dyspepsia. Tablets are sold by
druggists everywhere in the United
States, Canada and Great Britain.
LIEBIG
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
of Beef makes the difference t
1
between a flat, flavorless dish
and a tidbit that would tempt
the most jaded appetite in the
world.*. iM 'Jt %*t »m \3t 'Jt
Awsr? OR JORDAN'S wzxri
IMUSEUM OF ftNATOHYJ
* Ch isamrnrss.trt.etxK'tt. sj.cai i
T .Of T Se driest Aoamnial Moaeum in tb«
A _S_jL, Woiitt Wekl3«fl«« or any contracre-i 1
¦ ifcig «B» £.%ene p«»IU»»J/o«ir«dny th-; oldeit '
9 1531 acesniisc ea iS». Coast Ea. -p jmin- 1l
£ i&2i*l C«. .-CfiOA»-<>Sr»ATI C!SL«ES4
\ T tlSftS Co2«iltaaan fre»f kk! smrSy pri-raw. \
j j' S3f M Tn UTient prrionaily <ir by lettrr. A ¦
\ I ' 'ri S ****"¦** Carta erery case osderuiaa. T
f I f auuuE, maizes ria uf
A A I . mtoabM Insk fcr om| . \
7 »I5. J«»KI9A»*«--O.K»14farfc|.tSit..a.F. f
j> «%>¦*»'*» < *aV*^^^^%^^ < f < V^aV^il
Specialists. Disease
aSL Consultation Ww
and private book -VSbV 1 /-li
free, at odce cr by "V&.4 H*3kA.
mail. Curen gnar- VuRil^M^K'
ket street (.elevator X^rw^^f
entrance), San
Francisco, -t-d^tr***?- -W*3^i
BATLBOAD TBAVEL.
ADVZ3.TISZ3IEXTS.
'I H ri W! iw POTtTTTIff J I'M H RMW)^H/IT. | TSE £3IP02XUiL,
Greatest o! Holiday C S I 59& jFMPJjftffifrBB l^iS TJunksgivnig Lineiis, J
Doll Shows, U g.ITi^wiCi^JsS Dishes, Cutlery, etc :?
My 8 a. m. to 6 p. in. 'P "^loWeillitllle ftaxa^T. S A: |
Adrniasxoa Free. caupocnia'S LAaQEST~A.nERiCA*s gzaxdest ST08E Sccre Pncts. Jf
Men's and Boys* aaa^- Nickel KM Hair A ?^ lS3 5
n ... "* tsnn a T e con- --c cf /*C?^ »>*«»***** g-os* cr kid Hxr Csrlcs, as- '2
tiouimg canes. A2 », Watch 96c. I Curlers, icrrri br3w=j bfack, « a J
70c on the $L0O. 2 . . K -, - * frT5C1 ? ° sH Ja - 5 «* s ?«ai 5 > <j3 ? x
dcthmj made ter grade nickrl sr=a /<^^^^^\ only, per dbaea 4V J»
this season's wear. wLidLij asd p«=±us set /fjfoS^ V^\ ¦-!
.H«n'$S12J0 Sack Suits, all-wcol, nobbv e f- xr^h^ «_ „,„ |P° a -A« « . •. j i> n .-««v «
tn» Wa^b^pxanntttitorenel/g "jj$- JomledDoIl jg& $
McnsSVl^O Overcoats, Rogina, .V^r ?«r, will he soM K ta^inr', f^5 x^v ±P) -¦» | fi
Qx&rds, Ktrseys, rcanT of them sfk-'cxrd »p«Jai pri e » - • Q/%/» \Xr^\'*W i) IV 3«-2§5» W
throughout...; ;„. SI0J5 . . ";.!;. 7UW .• . h^g3p( S
Men*$ Overcoats, wcrdi up to <t;.ao, == a?^' These DoEs are si taciss • j # * |^! \ >j
safeprlce ...-..$17.75 ' tej, h^ eaBCgi a> fe bab«" V:^ *
Boys* 510.00 Long Pants Scitj, Bine Cher- Dlavtntf Ti * : *** <*=£rr esarae^d cktia^ r^ paraa jwited piaier W^- MjH
lets, FW Twerds aad Cnrasa, &r izn J, Jj ia K«y=? Carb with pctaze cf sacile *******?** I A IS S
I3ta 19 $6.93 taniS IOC Tie Ea^iriaa buHdiag on the T^™ 1 ?? 1 ??^ W - S " n ' | "T S
Boy?* % 5.5 a School Suits, all wcoI..S24S back of rack card, ecaal ia ralae &>aay-ff\ ra^ess, tessa chat !M», emcy J i
Axid many other cy.ially as sood bargains. 35c card made: spedai to-far onlr, pack.' 1UC i !?* lhoe3 lai caCjCls 3 3 » s ? c " jt ' V Q
$1230 Automobile Th^^ker- C . 1O gW 2
Jacket $9.95. Fancy Shape $3.18. <*£ |
vg|l sre, aH silk Eacd, CVSpidorS 27C. 5=^^ X
n\ 1 \\ S »= += c "^ »«^E*fe #*^^ VeilingS 29C acrr-r,r;=cr 3 ni.cf ths f
t^^iiLla^ f'- ***' Aa:edaa FC=T,Ia?!^ <*Sy b«t .-aUrr iZ-*£c c5or=d Chlrba VdJ-gs at J
C3SSW V A^ ! e?l^ y * rs -5 c » aai shaded coton, oa Friiay ooly, <y] iboct half their Tiiae, a tctt ttr'Jsh Ice, black, 5
J2j^^|% t^iay ca^y each... fc^, whir= , «i 3
A^^t CO 05 =avr, the rrs-ar 5 cc r^irr. . ClQ S
V r/\ -> "3c instead of $1.00, 1f)c CreCC sni Finished Crrse Poser, zs r\ c i r- ¦ * j c j j "?
f\l^ dT a bi? lot of r=ry F«ry {y C leches wide, b ta-fece l^dtt, ° : 57/<? O«J Szturdl?. «
/ I new nncy dot=d aad striped WSpeF /C. all colcn cf the raf=i»w, juiable LfltiieS' S3.0O Fcr r *° «
I E3 — K Fiasneletrc Walsa, Ilsed tor laisp shades, iowss aad ieccrariYs work, "7 _ «ji «-¦• ri <T3 !^ 3 ** "* Jf
(^ g g| acnaa shoulder, ewers piak, rrj^ariy i=c, special Fr^iay fC •] cr~r these ,t
J light bice and red and ¦ » jts- rl.jv Lacs Shoes, -J
/ j navy, nrz^l? 5i--c, /"-.- _^/ -"Jy? onr jpris ecia tsa ks kii
' ta-cayosly. 'J'2r% fimC«?HeS A choics assorsaeat cf Koiidar fX*/ <Nfc cIcti <* <fi
««5C "f 0061^ 1 "* Groceries aowreadv. E.^ tf\/ «V kit »« widx h,^ .«
UqUOrS. fcr the Thasksgr»i25 tables that iFlUA wcric ey^pa. a «?£sa Ta;
GOOd B€(l- Wi;te doaMc . tfa ? d a gocd to eat aad &ak ar de?ar=ier.t nrr: prices. <fcs * ' a «*=« "J
- z , crochet Spreads tor roll • " >r^^, a=t^ widths, xz r*** «•
SpKadS 64C thr«-< I uart=r beds, rood Corn— Eitra standard Maine Cora, reyj- t=t «. «•< QQ **
for hct=Is, bearding honses cr spare vxos. lariy 1 3c caa, ta-day |Qc dal price per pai .'. t . . .apl*7O *J
Because cf sEght naa.!i£icrjrer'i ircperfecriora Sliced Pincappfe— nnesc Singircrs, 3-Jh cans, 5
we are able to ofier thera at special £f tr% to-day *.. 13c — _ _, , - . . . Jf
sale »-day; each U*tC Condensed Mince Meat— "N'ane Sodi" brand, IOr Men S ""f r 'J
8^^^r^ SBilfi^ ;i
IniHed lad delicately scented, a Soap that has , •¦•/"•• 'p^V: ' " " '' ' " {l V " "J " C i=:=:lJ *° TCS a C=r:er "' °- Qf* *
nev^rbeea sold for' fa. than i^ -| _ »^« Soaj>-rW=r & Ga=cle *, *-T <**T X
bo^; spedal tor Fridav 0C I VF « box. . 1 0C ,. b " 3 -; " V^ : ' ' ' ' • • - " C ?
: . .W^WNutS-T.srjbesr,* 15c ChtldpgnV PV Eim hory bxerei *
DreSSCr A r?iniir75c qsaHtrof Hermitage Bocrfsoa Whiskey — 3 y-ar» old, foil X , _.^ ,»T*'^ ribeed thr=e-ehr=»d Ccc- '3
C_ a e« Dr«serSc3ra,iox43i=ches, <patt botdes, re-ular «i.if, to-day only. . .S3c liOSS IOF lYC c=a Hose, dtresk kaes, Jt
JUC. washable drawa work, Crerae de .Her.the — The geauiae Afare Brarard aeaailess heei aad «, apatraatsrd isr buck, s •?
serial centers, with a raSe cf plain swiss aad Sc Rogers, tiacy deoaters, S>iiay S 1.30 ane srockiaj Ka 1 roti^h wear, jaes d 4 "} 4
£incy colcrcd Iirung, b*^ on;y r C/^^» Port or Sherry— Ocr 6-year^:!d |i.;o nade, to- a> i=, ea-^txy, per pair 1/0 J
each *?VV dayenly, pernllon..' ' Ti*\3 P*tTS GT jOZ. .1
Mpti\ %70 MncWrntnshe^ The mano^ ctarsr t 31^ » few dc^n of this pa^cd*.- sry-e re-— -;
i veil lYiacniiiiu^iic^ kj. .^ ovcr _ we fcOT , h: mJw^.^ fe 3
On Sale To-Day — $8.95. 2s?^^"i^/T ' cid ftr SsfeT^ :o °^^-?^ S
¦^ got them; stvi^h all-wool plui scrracc, wovca Isnngs, j£i £--»;. J»
Iiniri23, velvet coEars, dp h.om buttons, guaranteed absalrrtelv waterproof, regtdarlv J20.cc, to-dav, CO H" "*
while ipmotjr lasts, choice for „ \ . $O.7J "j
1JOHN CHINAMAN. IN A QUANDARY.
THE POWERS ARE BUSY IN THE CHINESE NATIONAL LAUNDRY.
ACCORDING TO A ST. LOUIS REPUBLIC CARTOONIST. THE PRO
PRIETOR WONDERS WHEW THEY'LL FINISH.
"AN OPPORTUNITY— Take advantage of the
round-trip steamer tickets, only $60 during; No
vember/ including fifteen days*. board at Hotel
del Coronado, the Ideal summer and winter re-
Bort; : Apply at 4 New Montgomery . at., city.
CALIFORNIA^ IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— P. Sweed.
Mrs. P. Sweed, the Mis*es Sweed and Mas
ter Sweed, of San Francisco, and D. K.
Edwards, of Los Angeles, are at the Ra
leigh. *.. ... L^g^tfs
A Kentucky cashier is $200,000 short in his accounts
and he blames the races. He ought to be able to
sympathize with the story of the ass who tried to feed
in a field of thistles.
Superintendent of Schools Webster has resented the
interference of the Board of Supervisors in his affairs.
Perhaps he shares a very general belief that the board
has as much as it can do to mind its own business.
Lord Salisbury has decided, in condescending re
luctance, to accept a salary as Premier of England.
If it really pains him there is no doubt that some
of his influential friends can save him from the un
necessary infliction. ; •¦
His Highness the Mayor has been authorized by
the Supervisors to fell seven horses at auction. Here
at last is an opportunity for using our glorious muni
cipal flag; his Highness may drop it instead of the
hammer at the sale.
General Kitchener, it. is announced, intends to pur
sue in South Africa the dread tactics which made war
a horror of extermination in. North Africa. And
British statesmen still prate of the glories of their
civilization. . •
In the general shuffle which accompanies the la
bored efforts of our "reform" municipal administra
tion the city has lost several bronze lamps. Perhaps
some local Diogenes believes that he needs them all
in his business.
Norman Godkin von Galen, with blood as noble as
his name is long, has deserted the battlefields of
Luzon to be arrested for reading palms in-.Tacoma.
He should have- tried to turn his Own hands to ad
vantage instead of those of others.
The police believe that they have captured,the thiei
who robbed Collector of Internal Revenue Lynch of
many, of his valuable household effects. And' the
strangest part of the affair appears to be that nothing
indicates that the malefactor is one of the Collector's
political friends. , .
A national proposition is on foot to remove the
internal war tax on the vast business which passes
through the hands of the express companies. Wash
ington evidently recognizes that the gigantic outrage
of the Wells- Fargo Company and its associates upon
There remains, it is true, a little element of doubt
fulness in the lease, as one feature of it will have to be
submitted to the Legislature for ratification. It i s not
likely, however, that any strong objection vvill be
made to it there. Every clause has been carefully con
sidered after prolonged investigation of all subjects
that in any way affect it or will be in any. way affected
by it. Commissioner Herold is quoted as saying:
*'\Vie feel that it is so drawn that the interests of the
State will be carefully guarded, and at the same time
the railroad company properly p-otected in its rights."
Prominent representatives of the Merchants' Associa-
AT last the lease of China Basin to the San Fran-
ClSCO and San Joaquin Valley Railroad has
been satisfactorily arranged, agreed upon, exe
cuted and signed. Thus another avenue has been
opened for the advancement of the interests of the city
and the State. All good tilings appear to be coming
to us at once. A tremendous victory for prosperity
was gained in the Presidential election, the abundant
rains have brought a promise of bountiful crops, the
Southern Pacific has passed under a new management
that will doubtless devote its energies to a strict at
tenti«n to business, the gap in the coast road is about'
to be closed; the Pacific Commercial Museum has be
gun actual work, and now the lease of China Basin
gives a terminal in this city to a competing trans
continental road. With all those advantages to start
with, the coming year ought tq be a record-breaker
in the way of industrial and commercial activitv.
CHINA BASIN LEASE.
Iowa is to have a constitutional convention on her
hands without wishing it. The statutes of the State
provide that the question of calling such a convention
shall be submitted to the people every ten years, and
accordingly it was so submitted at the recent elec
tion. There was nothing to hold such a convention
for, and no argument was made upon it by either side.
Every one supposed it would be rejected as a matter
of course, but when the voters got to the polls they
voted affirmatively on every proposition and carried
the constitutional convention along with the rest. It
has been a great year in Iowa.
Mrs. Genevieve Green Hamilton, who, as
Genevieve Green, has done much clever
foreign correspondence for The Call, has
arrived here from Europe. She is the
gruest of Mr.. and Mrs. XV. S. Leake at the
Palace. ¦ »
William F. Herrln of the Southern Pa
cific leaves to-day for Washington to pre
pare for the coming ¦ hearing before the
Interstate Commerce Commission relative
to a suit-brou&ht against the company by
the Merchants' Association of St. Louis.
E. E. Silve'rstone, contracting agent for
the Southern Pacific, lias been appointed
traveling freight agent for the Rio Grande
Western, to succeed G. H. McMillan, re
signed.
P. ileigs, wlth,his'wlfe and three daugh
ters, arrived at the Palace yesterday from
Santa Barbara and they will remain in
the city for some time. >
E.B. Shaw. a. prominent Chicago mer
chant, arrived at the California yester
day with his wife and they will spend a
month or six weeks here. ; .:-V* :.-;;
General Manager W. G. Nevin of the
Santa Fo arrived In the city yesterday
from Los Angeles. He Is on a tour of in
spection.
'A. M. Tinker, who Is connected with
the Interior Department at Washington,
was among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace.
Marcus A. Smith and L. H. Manning,
Tucson. Ariz., mining men, are registered
at the Palace. . '
Former Mayor Robert Effey of Santa
Cruz is stopping at the California for a
day or two.
J. H. Elnhorn, a big Santa Rosa mer
chant, is at the California,
Surveyor General M. J. Wright and wife
of Sacramento are at the Grand,
Captain Walter Swelson of tho United
States army is at the California.
V. E. Schumberg, a New York city, min
ing man, is stopping at the Palace.
John T. Grace, a Santa Rosa merchant,
is stopping at the Grand.
W. O. Gosslin, a prominent Portland
merchant, Is at the Palace. ! *
PERSONAL MENTION.
STANFORD trNIVERSITY-J E «?
Aromas. Cal. The Stanford Univcrsl'tv i«
in the hands of trustees under an onAnJ
ment by the founder. Inland Stan fo?n
a memorial to the memory of his son 'l^ 9
land Stanford Jr. The cxDons^ Ji ' Lc "
by the revenue from* the ffiwmenP The
students are not charged any tuition fee
The widow of Leland Stanford has fur'
ther endowed the institution.
EORN ABROAD-H.W.. Butte Mont
The naturalization laws of the Un?t"d
States say that the children of persons
who are now or have been citl7*>n« T «* ,u
United States are thofiMS *S o he
SS?£. a £n33 r eS 1C^
SkSfcJ&K? l b J5ST-? "SS
United States, should that Kl. 1^
the United States during "hi, *E3nS?l?y I
stated in the letter of inquiry he would
?Ste attaInInff majorlt y ha^ the rtgh? U !o
SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR QUES
TION-W. R., City. The Maine was de
stroyed February 15, 1SD8; the blockade of
Cuban ports commenced April 23 isns-
Manila was captured August 13 ISOS ami
the first fight between Filipinos and
Am " lcan soldiers was at Paco February
THE MINT-M. G. IT., city. There Is
no position in the United States Branch
Mint in San Francisco designated as "Hdv
to take care of the ladies* lunchroom"
There is a janitress at the Mint £L
looks after the welfare of the ladle*
?2 2r e p d er h d a r y: The salar * °* JanUrlss^
AUTOMOBILES-A., Ockemlen, Cal
The department of Answers to Coir*'
spondents does not advertise any kind of
business, and for that rea«of. J~,~ I
"print in the Answers to Correspondent
the names and addresses of amomobi 0
companies in San Francisco." CoV re
spondents desiring business addressY*. nf
firms should Inclose a self-addressed and
stamped envelope for reply UIt * 3et » ana
THE SPRINGER HEIRS— G. H.. City.
For Information about the Sprlng-er helra
of Wilmington, Del., address a letter of
Inquiry to the County Clerk of Newcastle
County, Delaware.
THE AUDITOR— F. T., City. An Aud
itor in a city or city and county Is respon
sible on his bond for any act by which he
illegally indorses demands upon which
moneys are paid. But before any action
can be taken it must be established that
his act was illegal.
COLDEST WEATHER-F. H. C
Groveland. Cal. ' The coldest recorded
weather In the United States Is Poplar
River, Mont.. January 1, 1885. 63 1-10 de
grees below zero. At Werchojuask Sibe
ria, on the 15th of January. 1SS5, the rec
ord was 90 4-10 degrees below zero.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
What more does the spirit of the Great Khan ask,
through the body of President Martin of the New
University of Peking?
For every woman missionary Sacrificed by the
Eoxers 500 Chinese women have gone to torture and
death. For every man ordained for martyrdom a
thousand Chinese men have atoned with their lives.
For every missionary child cut down in its innocence
a hundred Chinese babies have been tossed and im
paled on Cossack spears. For every missionary com
pound burned or sacked value a hundredfold has been
looted in Tientsin and Pelting.
The murder of the missionaries was a great crime,
to be atoned for. The siege of the legations must b
avenged and some one* punished for it. But has not
slaughter of the Chinese gone far enough to more than
balance the ird ledger? If Dr. Martin is to be ap
proved by his Christian brethren, why should the
clergy of Denver reprehend the burning of Porter?
If we carry our religion abroad to be practiced in the
line of Dr. Martin's idea, why not practice it at home
in the same line?
Does Dr. Martin consider that phase of it? Does
he try to put himself in the place of China, over
run by foreigners, who enter a door opened by for
gery to attack all other forms of religion and mu
tually assault the sectarian forms by themselves pro
fessed? Does he consider the effect upon an ancient,
people of taking advantage of a forgery to attack the
moral foundations of a nation whose system was
ancient when the other existing world religions were
bora?
What is it all about? A French missionary forged
a clause into the treaty of i860 by which missionaries
v.ere to be free commoners in the Middle Kingdom.
They went there from many nations, leaving behind
them a greater need for their services than they found
in China. We do not say that all of them knew they
were protected by a forgery, but all might have
known it.
If Dr. Martin will indulge in a little introspection
he will probably see the spirit of the Great Khan in
side himself. As between him and the Empress Dow
ager we are inclined to think that warlike and crue!
shade would be more at home inside the president of
the new university of Peking.
REV. DR. MARTIN, president of the New Im
perial University of Peking, whatever that may
be, has indulged in an "open letter" in which
he chides all who advise moderation and mercy in
dealing with the Chinese. He sees the spirit of th.e
Great Khan in the withered body of the Empress
Dowager and desires to hit it hard. He says that no
punishment can be »od severe for the murder of the
•missionaries. The Great Khan, Genghiz the Con
cueror, used to be of the same opinion. - He boiled
victims in oil, burned them in great heaps, grilled
them in cities which he put to the torch, and the
blackened foundations of which he then plowed up
and sowed with salt. He built pyramids of skulls of
the slaughtered and strewed the world with their
bones. In earning out his policy, which was politico
religious, it was his opinion that no punishment was
too great for those who opposed him, and as an in
ventor of punishments he was a past master.
CHINA'S PENALTY.
While much can be done under the existing sys
tem in the way of redressing evils, a comprehensive
plan of encouraging mining and protecting the rights
of miners can hardly be effected until all governmental
work of any kind relating to the industry is placed
under one responsible head. For that reason the de
mand for the establishment of a national Department
of Mines is one of justice and expediency. The issue
should be strenuously urged upon Congress. It will
not be a forlorn hope fight by any means, for in all
sections of the Union there are powerful interests to
be served by it, and if the West take the lead there will
be no lack of supporters from the East and from the
I— RESOLUTIONS adopted by the Miners' Con
|—/ vention show that the amount of work which
will have to be done in the way of reform legis
lation to remedy existing evils is of sufficient magni
tude to fully justify the demand for the establishment
of a national Department of Mines and Mining. It
appears that almost every branch of the law affecting
the industry requires revision to some extent, and
such revision cannot be effectively carried out except
under the direction of a responsible head.
A brief review of the resolutions will show the na
ture of the evils complained of and the character of
the legislation desired. The passage of the measu-e
known as the "California mineral lands bill" is urged
for the purpose of "preventing the further absorption
by corporate interests of an area of land of great
value to the prospector and the miner"; the execu
tive committee of the association is instructed to test
in the courts the right of a miner to carry on hydraulic
mining when "holding a regularly issued license by
the Galifornia Debris Commission"; revision of ex
isting laws is recommended so as to "effectually check
the present injurious practice of holding mining
claims year after year without development"; Con
gress is called upon to put an end to the practice of
securing "as agricultural lands, by the use of so-called
scrip and otherwise, great tracts of the public domain
that are unquestionably mineral in character"; the
passage of an act by which "the location of petroleum
placer claims is so regulated as to secure to the miner
an opportunity to make technical discovery" is fa
vored; State legislation for the purpose of promoting
and protecting petroleum mining is called for; the
State is urged to be liberal in supporting the Mining
Bureau, the work of the Debris Commission is ap
proved and additional appropriations are recom
mended for its work, and forest preservation is urged
upon both the State and the nation.
With such an array of work on hand it is not
strange the convention should have included among
its resolutions one declaring: "That in the judgment
qi this association the mining industry of this country
with its output of raw material exceeding a billion oi
dollars in annual value, its tremendous significance to
the industrial prosperity of the nation and its still
ifrere splendid promise for the future, warrants and
demands the governmental protection and assistance
that can be adequately extended only through a Cab
inet department of the executive branch of the Gov
ernment. We therefore heartily indorse the now na
tional demand for a Cabinet Department of Mines and
Mining."
RESOLUTIONS OF THE MINERS.
LOS ANGELES TIMES-A!tcgether It
Is most unfortunate 'that a commission
was not appointed to represent California
at the Paris fair which would have gone
ahead .In a businesslike manner to make
a first class exhibit of our resources, for
the purpose of attracting settlers and
capital, after the fashion of the hlghly
successful exhibits that have been made
by Southern California at Chicago. San
Francisco, Atlanta and elsewhere. Major
Truman la reported to have remarked be
fore leaving for Europe that what the
Parisians wanted was to be entertained,
not instructed. He appears to have car
ried out his ideas on this point. Whether
the taxpayers o? California Trill approve
of such a programme remains to be seen.
One hundred and thirty thousand dollars
is a large sum to expend upon a good time
for half a dozen people, even if the hospi
tality of the State has been incidentally
exploited.
RIVERSIDE PRESS— "We are not aware
who did the Job of estimating on the com
ing orange crop, which we believe orig
inated with the Los Angeles Evening Ex
press, and has been widely republished
since. The figures given are 25.0)0 car
loads, and we believe they are much too
high. Deducting the lemons we have not
shipped over 17,000 carloads of oranges for
1S93-1900, and to suppose that the com
ing crop will be 8000 cara more than that
is absurd. We have talked with a good
many fruit men In Southern California
about the matter, and the general consen
sus of opinion is that the crop will not be
much larger than last year— say 20,000 car
loads at the outside, with lemons enough
to make a total output of 22.000 cars. The
fruit will run more to large sizes this year
than last, but in the mature orchards
there is nothing to justify any prediction
of a large Increase In the total crop.
STOCKTON INDEPENDENT — The
army reorganization bill and the Nica
ragua Canal bill would make a splendid
record for the short session of Congress.
In addition to the regular appropriation
bills. There is not a great deal of time
for action during the short session and
the appropriation bills take a great deal
of attention. We hope, however, that
there may be a bill passed appropriating
a definite sum for water storage reser
voirs, even if the amount Is not over
$50,000 or $oO. As soon as a beginning Is
made then it will not be within the power
of one man to prevent appropriations here
after on the point of new legislation In an
appropriation bill.
CALAVERAS PROSPECT— The action
of the general Government, recently, in
appointing three students of the Univer
sity of California to the task of charting
the Philippine Islands for the United
States is" worthy of more than passing
notice. It is an act that will tend greatly
to encourage practical education. "When
our universities can turn out students
capable of performing such a responsible
task, it shows that the work U good. The
three young men are members of the de
partment of civil engineers, and are ap
pointed on the recommendation of prom
inent professors of the institution.
In all his hHoousness, as witness the
Colorado incident.
FRESNO DEMOCRAT-Nero fiddling
while the Christians 3000 years ago were
being put to death and covered with pitch
set flre to to illumine the circus arena was
not the less barbaric and fiendish than
those 300 Lincoln County men who chained
a miserable negro ravlsher to an Iron rail,
poured kerosene on him and set fire to
him with a match. After all this boasted
civilization of ours Is but a thin veneer.
The savage man la in us all. --The veneer
cf civilization cracks every now and then
and exposes the savage and brutal man
SANTA ROSA REPUBLICAN— A flood
of moralizing may now be expected over
the burning In Colorado of a fiend who
richly deserved to die. While mob law
is generally to be deplored, if there ever
was a case in which it was excusable, this
is one. The men who took the law into
their own hands In this instance felt that
they were fully justified in what they
were doing and no utterances whatever
will cut any figure in the case. It will
be just as well to dismiss the matter with
the least possible discussion.
SAN LUIS OBISPO TRIBUNE—Accord
ing to the new plan of redlstrlcting the
State into Congressional districts, which
is now being carefully considered by the
Republicans of California, and which
will: be' submitted to the next session of
the Legislature for ratification, it is pro
posed to cut Los Angeles loose from the
counties which it has so long governed
and make that county a district by itself.
Good bye to Los Angeles. Half regretful,
and yet greatly pleased, are the people of
this section to lose it.
TULARE REGISTER-About the first
hard work we may expect Congress to
take hold of upon reassembling will be
the construction of the Nicaragua Canal.
The East Is for it now and the
combinations of the transcontinental rail
roads cannot prevail against the move
ment. There will be as little delay as pos
sible In beginning the work. • The first
year of the new century will see the first
dirt thrown.
POMONA PROGRESS— So many- prom
inent citizens of this community— lawyers,
educators and merchants — Insisted upon
taking plunge baths, or wading in water
with their shoes in their hands, in the
main business thoroughfares of the city
while the streets were flooded with water
on Saturday, that the City Trustees are
talking of passing an ordinance forbidding
bathing and wading barefoot In water In
the public streets.
RED BLUFF NEWS-Several towns In
the valley complain that there are not
houses enough in them to accommodate
the people who wish to make them their
homes. The reason given by real estate
men for not building houses to rent Is
that the coat of building Is so great that
the rents to be obtained are not sufficient
to pay interest on the investment.
FETAL.UMA ARGUS— It has always
been pur opinion that In the matter of
primary election laws to govern the af
fairs of parties In their nominations and
manipulation of their own concerns, the
law should be very simple. The one thing
to provide against la fraud by rings and
bosses.
Late dispatches announce 'that our controversy
with Canada is at last to be settled, but without con
sideration to the Alaskan boundary, the critical point
at issue. Our English cousins no doubt like our
friendship, but are evidently determined to lose noth
ing by it.
SPIRIT OF CALIFORNIA PRESS
Editorial Opinion From All Parts of the State
on Matters of Interest.
FRIDAY NOVEMBER '23, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AM Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Tolephoiie^lPr^M^Sa*
J'lBMCATIO.V OFFirB...MiirkH and Third. S. F.
Telephone Prrnm 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTtnion St.
Telephone Prefta 202.
Delivered Ux- Turrlern. 15 Cent" Per Weelt.
Slnprle Copies. R Cent".
Term* hy Mnl!. In'clndtni; Pontajret
r>AIL,Y CALL< <ine!udin«r Sunday), one r'»r J«.™
PAILT CALL <1nclt:<J!n* Sunday). « month" 8.38
PAILT OAI-T* <1relu<nnr Sunday*. 3 month* LSI
7>AILT CALI^-By Sintfe Month «5e
n'NDAT CALJ^. Ow Tear I.M
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear l.M
All po«tma*tera nrc nntfiorlced to receive
• nbacrf ptlonn.
FarrpV copies will be forwarded when requested.
Matl *ur*cr1b*n> 'n nr«1»r«njr rharir* of a4Ar»r* rhrwXf. N»
rarMcnlsr to r!*-e both NEW AND OLD APPRKPS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 BrondTrny
C. GEOnnK KIIOG\K!B|B.
Wenager Foreign Advertisinjr. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lore Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
KFVT TORK CORRF.EPONDKNT:
C. C. CARLTON* Iternld Sqnarc
NTW TORK REPRE5KXTATTVE:
f-TEPITEN B. SMITH .^ SO Trlbnne Ilalldlnsc
NEW TORK KE.t'S STANDS:
WsJdrrf-Artcria. Hotel; A. Erentano. a Union Siuare;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebennan How**: P. O. Ntwi Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fresjont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WAsmwcTox rn. c> office 1400 n m.. *. w.
MOIITOV E. CRA\E. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICHS 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, cpen
«ntll t:SO o - elock. 8"0 Hayes, open until *:*> o'clock. Ml
McAllister, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open nntil
t:K o'clock. 1**1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until f o'clock. 1C9« Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. XW. eor-
T^r Tw^nty-ye<*on4 and Kentucky. or-n tintll 9 o'clork.
In his view of policy and principle he is a destroyer
snd not a constructor, and his faculty for destruction
is carried into his party leadership. He found the
Democratic party in power and led it out and in each
of his campaigns led it further out, until now it is in
the wilderness, with no place to lay its head and no
head to lay if it had. Republicans are far from re
joicing that all this is so to the extent to which it is
so. The health of a party in power requires an op
position that is more than a mob or a memory. The
old Democracy is a memory, and the Bryan Democ
racy is a mob.
The hard background to all this iridescent vision
is the fact that Mr. Bryan has already made political
kindling-wood of two old parties, the Democratic and
Populist, and has left on the fence the hide of one
new one, the Silver Republican.
We are amazed at Mr. Washburn's moderation.
Why does he cut the Republican and Democratic
parties into thirds? Why not pass the whole of each
tc Bryan on a silver platter and invite him to go an*l
be inaugurated without further formality, while Hill,
Gorman and Croker sit listening to the tick-tack of
"the machine"? *
All right. But a word right here. Mr. Washburn
will need the services of more "repeaters" than history
tc make such a movement win.
Mr. Washburn then abandons himself to frenzy, in
vhich he prophesies that: "Although unsuccessful at
the polls. Bryan is s mightier man than his suc
cessful opponent. He is the greatest political cru
sader the world has ever seen. He stands alone. He
13 enough of a political genius to become the
founder of a great new party, even as Jefferson
founded the Democratic and Lincoln the Republican
party. Millions of men would enthusiastically rally to
his standard under these new conditions. It is not
extravagant to say that Bryan would thus hold two
thirds of the Democratic party and would soon at
tract at least one-third of the Republicans. These,
together with the other reform forces, would give him
before the next election a majority of the voters of the
country-" Where now is Colonel Sellers?
Mr. Washburn declares that Mr. Bryan "will not
again become the candidate of the Democratic party.
He will not surrender to that element. He will not
repudiate his record. He will not disappoint his
friends. But he can lead to victory a new party, con
ducted on safe and conservative yet progressive lines.
Therefore, to hold what we have 'and maintain our
present momentum a new party must be formed.
This can be accomplished by uniting the Bryan Dem
ocrats, Bryan Republicans, Populists and other
smaller bodies." We make no quarrel with Mr.
Washburn for talking about a new party, that is not
born yet nor christened, "holding what it has, and
maintaining its present momentum," but pass on to
his description of what is to happen when it is born,
named, and holding the momentum and things which
it had before its own existence. He proposes that
after it is created there shall be added to it "The
strong personality and masterful leadership of Bryan,
and history would repeat itself in the rapid assembling
of patriots to uphold and preserve the national honor
under the inspiration of the Lincoln of the new cen
tury."
His proclamation is very rhapsodical. He charac
terizes the union of Populists, Silver Republicans and
so forth, on the Chicago and Kansas City platforms as
eh unwise "attempt to put new wine into old bottles."
That Scriptural reference as to the jugging of new
wine arose out of the fact that the bottles spoken of
were pigskins, and the ne.v wine burst them and was
wasted. Therefore it is that Mr. Washburn considers
the Democratic name and organization as a pigskin,
and an old one at that, unable to bear the pressure. of
such effervescent contents as Populism and the other
political vagaries which sent the brains of the old
Democracy out of the party and failed to bring any
new brains in to take their place. Mr. Washburn
frankly states that the pigskin will go back to the con
trol of "Gorman, Hill and Croker and the old ma
chine regime they represent." That is to say, if there
is anything left of the Democracy which went on a
debauch at Chicago and failed to sober up at Kansas
City, the three worthies named may have it, and
go to!
Among these the most excited seems to be Mr.
George F. Washburn, president of the Bryan Clubs
of Massachusetts. Mr. Washburn does not take the
preliminary precaution to confer with anybody. He
sits down and makes a new party out of his own head
and invites approving 'and admiring correspondence
as to his head and handiwork.
THE St. Paul conference between Mr. Towne,
Mr. Shively and other committcemen and sup
porters of Mr. Bryan, in the Middle West,
which had for its purpose examination of the wreck
of Democracy wrought by the new departure of 1896.
has roused other political architects and new party
THAT NEW PARTY AGAIN
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— It would be
not altogether amiss to paraphrase the
creed of the wise man cited by Andrew
Fletcher to Montrose. and to nay, "Let*
me control the railroads of a nation and I
care not who makes its treaties and its
lawa." That would be within the limits
of. discretion, at any rate, in the case of
such a country as China la to-day. Dip
lomats may make treaties for open doors
and what not. The practical execution of
those treaties will lie In the actual open
ing up of the country through the exten.
sion of railroad lines. The function of the
diplomat Is as essential as ever, but it
must be supplemented, or perhaps more
properly complemented, by that of the
engine«r. Civilization may sometimes get
forward upon a powder cart, but the rail
road car In its more general and more ef
fective vehicle of progress.
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER-So long
as *tt£ present situation continues what
is thcTjse of saying and of pretending to
believe that there is no longer any sec
tionalism in the country; that the divi
sion between North and South has been
ended; that we are ail a happy band or
brothers? There is sectionalism, section
alism of the worst and most dangerous
k'.nd, and it is the part of wisdom to rec
ognize the fact and so consider by what
means, if by any. the evil can be cured.
It is no use denouncing the South for the
attitude which it persists in maintaining.
It has Its reasons which it deems suffi
cient and upon which it has a right to
act. The thing to do Is to find out if there
is any way of convincing the Southern
mind that the attitude Is one for ¦which
there is no occasion and which ought to
be abandoned.
HARTFORD COURANT-Now how
long will the South maintain Us solidity?
For one thing, it Is becoming rapidly a
commercial instead of & purely agricul
tural region. Cotton is not only grown
there; it Is also spun and woven. Mills
are springing up with an abundance and
a success that the mill men of Massachu
setts do not need to be told of. Cities are
growing, and, even this year, there was a
decided opposition to Mr. Bryan, though
it was not openly expressed. His defeat
has brought no regrets there. Several
States, by methods that are altogether
unjustifiable and indefensible, have prac
tically disfranchised the negro. But the
one explanation offered by Southern peo
ple for their proverbial solidity has been
the innate opposition to alliance with the
colored voters.
SPRINGFIELD REPUBLICAN—Some
thing practical In the way of expansion
is in contemplation by the States General
of Holland, namely, the draining of the
Zuyder Zee,, that great grulf which 400
years ago was created in the heart of the
Netherlands by the Incursion of the sea.
Around Its border are what are known as
the "dead cities." and beneath them
nearly a thousand square miles of land.
A scheme of partial reclamation was de
termined on some two years ago, preserv
ing the deep-water channels and a small
er lake; but now. it appears, this is to be
substituted by a complete drainage of the
vast area. Much of the ancient beauty
and charm of those "dead cities" will be
taken away, but when accomplished Hol
land's people will be much richer.
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN— It xrfay be
doubted if a more tremendous compliment
has ever been paid to any race of men.
than is offered to the Scots by Joseph
Sohn in the current Gnnton's Magazine.
Eulogists have dilated upon the Greek's
intellectual keenness, the Roman's genius
for administration, the Arab's generosity,
the Turk's fortitude, the Spaniard's cour
tesy, the Frenchman's precision, the Ital
ian's art. the Russian's patience, the Ger
man's steadfastness, the Scandinavian's
couraere and the Englishman's love of
freedom. To the Scots Mr. Sohn gives
still higher praise. He asserts that they
are the dominating, though silent, partner
in the great "house" known as the Eng
lish-speaking races, now leaders In the
business of civilization.
LOUISVILLE COURIER-JOURNAL—
The evil of the Increase of divorces fa
recognized, especially when they are sur
reptitiously obtainedTv But divorce Is the
consequence and not ' the cause of the
breaking up of families. Its chief cause
is inconsiderate marriages. Where civil
divorces are not allowed, there Is apt to
be a great deal of immorality resulting.
While there are a few persons who con
tract the divorce habit, the majority of
those who get divorces either remain sin
gle or. remarrying, get along with their
new conjugal partners as well as the av
erage of married people.
PROVIDENCE JOURNAL, — Congress
must provide not only, for a new army
but for an improve! staff system. We
outfit to Ret rid as s.ion as we can of the
unfair and antiquated arrangement which
has permitted the bureaucrats at the na
tional capital to wax fat and lazy at the
expense of the officers of the line. A man
who has had a certain length of service
at Washington, dancing attendance at
balls and receptions, should be sent to the
front, both for the sak* of pivir.g some
body else a chance to er.joy life at Wash
ington and also to enable him to acquire
some useful knowledge o? the art of war
fare away from the enticements of an
agreeable but enervating society.
NEW YORK SUN— Actually there 1»
no "nejrro domination" In any State or
this Union, and t) ere has been no danger
of any for many years past. SrvlarRe a per
centage of the nej-Toes are illiterate that
It is easy for any State to prevent it by
requiring an educa-ional qualification for
the franchise, which would be strictly con
stitutional.
NEW YORK COMMERCIAL ADVER
TISER—To dis;ouraRe divorce effectively,
it must be im«le unfashionable, as well
as punishable ty every possible social and
ecclesiastical sanction that can be
brouRht to bear against it. and or these
the frown and penalty of Protestant Epis
copal authority Tisited upon Its fashiona
ble congregation;- is not the least.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
These are illustrations of the rapidity with which
Pacific Ocean shipping is advancing, and as Congress
will in all probability pass the shipping bill this win
ter, the rate of expansion in the next few years will be
greatly increased. Thus it will be seen we are none
too early in arranging for an increase of wharf room,
and the city, the State and the railroads are to be con
gratulated on the good prospect that such increase
will be speedily attained.
In commenting upon the need of increased wharf
age Mr. Irving M. Scott gave some 'figures that are
interesting. He said: "Since June of this year ves
sels aggregating 250,000 tons intended for use oh the
Pacific have been contracted for, and during the year
ending June 30 vessels were finished or contracted for
aggregating 350,000 tons. Among these were seventy
six steamers, of which ten are of 10,000 tons each.
Hill is having two monster steamers of 33,000 tons
loaded displacement built, the Pacific Mail two of
18.000 tons displacement, and there are on the ways
in this city two steamers of 16,500- tons loaded dis
placement for the American-Hawaiian Steamship
Company. John D. Spreckels is having three steam
ers ¦ of 6000 tons each built. Captain Dollar has a
large steamer on the ways, and • the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company is building a fast steamer to run
between San Francisco and Seattle."
The benefits to result from the establishment of a
railroad terminal at the basin are many. The first will
be the improvement of that section of the water front
and a large district of the city adjoining it. The in
creased wharfage that will result from the improve
ment will in itself be of immense advantage to us at
this juncture, when there is such urgent need of
greater facilities for shipping.
tion, who from the first have taken a keen interest in
the lease and have- studied every feature of. it,
have also cordially commended the terms in which it
is drawn. Being thus satisfactory to the officers of tha
State, the representatives of the* railroad and to the
merchants of the city, it is hardly likely a valid ob
jection can be- made to it on any score.
• ¦¦-¦¦ — - # ¦¦' V .,Jr- -" - ¦¦ ¦'¦-¦¦ 1 - -'- ' >y '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^Nby EMBER 23, 1900.
6
I You may as well be comfort-
! able ; that is healthy ; as ani-
[mais are. It is natural, both
for you and for them.
If vour ill health is caused
by imperfect digestion, try
I Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil. 'It does what it does by
getting the stomach 'going
right.
We'll send you » little to try if yon IHte.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl street, N«w Yo»V.
DISEASE
and discomfort are not-ease
and not-comfort. Ease is
health ; so is comfort.
* ADVEHTISEMENT^.
In the Boston High schools the girls
3Utnumber the boys by 1000 or so. but In
the- primary Kra<1«»s the boys outnumber
the girls by nearly 2500.
You Don't Have to Wait for "The
Overland Idmited,"
As It runs every day in the year, learJna; San
Francisco at 10 a. m., via Central Pacific. Union
PaclSc an.l Chicago and Northwestern Rail-
ways, and arrives at Chicago at 9:30 a. m. tha
third day. A solid vestibuled train of superb
splendor, carrying Pullman double drawing-
room sleeper*, dining car and buffet nmoklng
and library ear. Pan Francisco to Chieas^j
without chans*. Only four days to New Tork
and Boston. -If you're In a hurry ***• *Th»
Overland Limited."
Somehow the authdV of a love story ner-
er sees the -wart on the nose of his hero
or the freckles on the face st his heroine.
Special Information supplied Anily to
business houses and public men by tR9
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1041 •
Townseni's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets, 639 Market, Palace Hotel building. •
Choice candles. Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
AUCTION RAT,T f R
By 'W / . H. Hord— Saturday, Nor-ember J4, at 10 o'cIock,
Ecrtea and Mules, at Annstroni'i Ranch, Davisville.
TlroM— "A Jelly Muskete«r."
Alhambre.— "A Stransrer In New Tork."
California— Royal Marine Band of Italy.
Orpheuci— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "Gil Uronottl."
Alcnxar— "Tlie Railroad of l«ove."
Columbia — 'The Ameer."
O!jTr.pla, corner Mason and Eddy *treet»-Speelalties.
Chute*, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' ¦— Van (Seville.
Tanforan Park — Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.IMPRESSIONS OF A CALL, CARTOONIST AT THE GREAT BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN AT THE OR
PHEUM YESTERDAY AFTERNOON IN AID OF THE CHARITY FUND OF THE ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL
MANAGERS OF BAN FRANCISCO.
Although by divine dispensation and the elec
tion of the electors of the Roman-German em
pire we have been raised to a dlsmlty which
leaves nothing to be desired by way of title or
consideration, yet It must be our care as ruler
of the house and monarchy of Austria to see
that its perfect equality of title and hereditary
dignity with the greatest European powers be
maintained and confirmed— an equality due to
the sovereigns of the house of Austria, both
by its ancient glory and In consequence of the
size and population of its states which com
prise extensive kingdoms and Independent
principalities and secured by International
treaties and practice. Therefore, for the perma
nent conflrmatron of this perfect equality of
rank we are prompted and Justified, in accord
ance with the example In the last century of the
Russian imperial court and now of the new
The fulfillment of the peace of Lunevllle
involved the dissolution of the holy Ro
man empire. The fabric of states, secu
lar and religious, monarchies and repub
lics, embracing both Germany and Italy,
the political counterpart of the church,
under the headship of the Emperor of the
Romans, the secular counterpart of the
Pope, after having weathered the
Protestant revolution and survived the
thirty years' war, was now to meet Its
doom at the hands of the new Charle
magne and to pass on its inheritance at
his behest to the empire of the French.
Uts end really came, although nominally
It lasted a few years more, with the de
cree of the Diet In 1S03 parceling the
ecclesiastical states and free cities
among a few leading princes. The dis
tribution of the spoil waa practically
dictated by Napoleon and the real work
of this reorganization of Germany was
done in Paris under his eye. The prince*
fairly scrambled for the spoil, and
through their agents lobbied desperately
for Talleyrand's • favor, sparing neither
money nor self-respect.
Having things in his own hands Napo
leon planned to weaken Austria and to
establish several other states in Ger
many strong enough to prevent the re
covery of Austria, but not strong enough
to dispense with his protection. Austria's
gain was therefore small and her real
loss Immense, for the ecclesiastical states,
which all disappeared but, one, and the
imperial cities, of which only six had been
spared, had long been her faithful clients.
Prussia gained In size and compactness,
exchanging 127,000 subjects west of the
Rhine for 600,000 in Westphalia and Thur
ingia, Baden, Hesse, Darmstadt. Wurt
temberg and Bavaria all made large
gains. Bavaria in particular was in
creased by a population of 300,000 and
rendered more compact.
This wholesole absorption of petty sov
erignties and the establishment In their
stead of a few states of moderate size
was an immense step to the unification
of the German people. It cleared the
ground. But something more was need
ed before a new Germany could rise from
that foundation. Unity of heart and ac
tion must needs precede political unity,
and, for this, too, Germany was indebted
to Napoleon. It was the scourge of the
conqueror that awoke the German na
tional feeling and created a common pa
triotism after conquest had stricken off
the bonds of petty despotism. The new
life that came to Germany through the
reforms of Napoleon and his client
Princes made the humiliation of subjec
tion to France all the more keen. .
Napoleon looked upon himself as the
successor of Charlemagne and as Charle
magne had been crowned emperor of the-
Romans and thereby assumed the politi
cal headship of Europe, so for Napoleon
the assumption of the same title was the
logical step when he had attained to a
similar position. During the middle ages
and practically until the entry of Rus
sia into western European politics the po
sition and title of emperor were unique.
There was but one emperor as there was
but one pope. They were in politics and
religion the heads of Christendom. Con
sequently the assumption of the title of
emperor by Napoleon and the reality of
his sway over western Europe expose!
the house of Hapsburg to a new and
strange peril. Having been emperors for
centuries, must they now sink to the level
of mere kings? Must Francis II, "em
peror of the Romans always august." be
come merely a king of Hungary aad Bo
hemia and yield the first place in the
precedence of Europe for one behind
France, Spain. England? It was unthink
able. Hardly had the Intention of Napo
leon to take the title of emperor of tne
French become known than Francis II
resolved to constitute t.he Austrian lands
an empire. This step was as unprecedent
ed and revolutionary as that of Napoleon
and, like It. could hardly be taken with
out some assurance of recognition. Napo
leon assumed the title of emperor May
18, 1S04. and from May until August Fran
cis bargained to secure in return for
recognizing the establishment of the em
pire of the French Napoleon'a recognition
of the transformation of Austria into a
hereditary empire. 'August 14 Vienna was
astonished bv the following proclamation:
Concurrently the area of France is ex
tended beyond har "natural" boundaries
by the annexation of Piedmont and the
LJgurlan republic (Genoa) and the Bour
bons In Naples are dethroned by procla
mation and their mainland territories as
signed to Joseph Bonaparte as King.
Within a few yeara the old Italy waa as
completely transformed as Germany. In
1S07 the kingdom of Etruria was Incor
porated with France: in 1S0S the eastern
part of the papal states was annexed tf»
the kingdom of Italy, and in 1S09 the re
mainder of the papal states was added to
France. As in Germany, the ground wax
now swept • clear of the political debris
of the middle ages and prepared for a
new and united Italy.
EDWARD G. BOURNE.
Yale University.
In describing the dissolution of the em
pire the train of^events which forced this
action on Francis has >>een anticipated.
The campaign of Austerlitz was Immedi
ately followed by the treaty of Prpshurg,
by which Austria was hustled out of Ger
many and Italy, and her new "empire"
restricted to those of her former territo
ries Inhabited mainly by Slavs and Hun
garians. Bavaria, "Wurttembere and Ba
den received the spoil of Austria, and the
two former were erected into kingdoms.
The absorption of petty sovereignties, so
extensive in 1S03. was now carried through
completely.
The new states In Germany took their
place as vassals of Napoleon through the
formation of th« confederation of th«
Rhine. This new union, whose members
severed their connection with the old em
pire, was made up of the archbishopric of
Regensburg. the kingdoms of Bavaria and
"Wurttemberg. the grand duchies of Ba
den, Hesse. Berg. Nassau and some small
er states. It comprised about 40.000 square
miles and a population of 8.000,000 people.
The confederation of the Rhine consti
tuted in reality a vast protective cushion
for France against the attacks of the al
lied powers. It was bound to furnish Na
poleon, who was entitled protector of the
confederation, 63,000 troops In war, and.
later, when its area was increased and its
population doubled. 120.000. To the north
this protective fringe of client monarch*
is extended to the sea by the forcible
transformation of the Batavlnn republic *
in 1S06 Into the kingdom of Holland, with
Napoleon's brother lLouls upon the throno.
Meanwhile the changes In Italy were in
harmony with those l\> Germany. The as
sumption of the imperial crown carried
with It, following the example of Charle
magne, kingship in Italy. In 1S02 Napo
leon had reorganized the Cisalpine repub
lic as the republic of Italy, of which hs
became President; In March. 1S03. the re
public becomes a monarchy and Napo
leon assumes the title of the King of It
aly. The new kingdom was enlarged «i
year later by the cession from Austria of
Venetia.
ruler of France. In bestowing upon the hou»» of
Austria In respect to Its Independent states the
hereditary Imperial title.
Napoleon crowned himself hereditary
emperor of the French December 2. 1S0J.
and on the 7th Francis II. "emperor oi
the Romans elect always Augustus," be
came also Francis I. "hereditary emperor
of Austria." By thl-s adroit move the
new empire of Austria, a modern,
arbitrary creation like the empire
of the French, owing to th« long
and intimate relations between the house
of Austria and the holy Roman empire
was abla to glid«» Into Us shoes, receive
Its mantle and consequently to masque
rade In European politics as an ancient
empire bo successfully that outside of
Germany the old empire- has disappeared
from the common stock of historical
knowledge almost as completely as it has
from existence.
For eighteen months Francis II bore
the double title of Roman emp«ror-elect
and hereditary emperor- of Austria, bu!
Napoleon's victories In 1S05 and the con
sequent formation of the confederation
of the Rhine *av© the finishing stroke
to the old empire, whose formal dissolu
tion came In August. 1SO«. On the 1st of
August Napoleon announced to thw Diet
of the empire that he could no longer rec
ognize the existence- of the German con
stitution, and at the flrst opportunity
Frands II, In a proclamation (Au
gust 6). declaring It no longer possibla
to fulfill the duties of the imperial offlc*
owing to the changes that had taken
place In Germany, especially the forma
tion of the union of Rhenish states, form
ally announced that the empire was dis
solved and laid down the Imperial crown.
Freeing his German province 1 * and im
perial lands from all their obligations to
the German empire and uniting them as
emperor of the Austrian state, he woulrt
strive to restore them to prosperity, etc.
Thus, calmly and coldly, the holy Roman
empire wa9 consigned to the grave. It
had outlived Its day. and. llk« a great
man who Ions survives his activity an<!
fame. It passed away almost unnoticed,
leaving the papacy alone as a visible sur
vival of the Imperial fabric of ancient
Rome.
MAP OF EUROPE MADE BY NAPOLEON.
,
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Eaton.
m: ¦ .
WAR GEOGR/\F»HY OF* EUROPE,
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23,1900.
Theatrical Managers' Fund Generously Increased by the
Second Annual Benefit at the Orpheum.
ACTORS AND SINGERS GIVE ,
THEIR BES T FOR CHARITY
The Leando brothers from the Chutes
did astonishing acrobatic feats, and Stell
lng and Revelle, comedy horizontal bar
artists, closed the programme.
Walter Damrosch was to have accom
panied Bispham. but illness prevented his
attendance. Max Hlrschfeld, musical di
rector of the Tivoll, played the accom
paniment in his stead, and also for Signor
Castellano. the tenor, who sang later.
Eddie Mack of the Olympia did some
clever buck and wing dancing. Max "Wal
don of the Orpheum pleased the audience
with his female Impersonations.
The Alcazar company presented act 3
from "The Railroad of Love." a dainty
gem of comedy, given with the delicate
touch of true artists.
Anna Boyd of the Orpheum sang sev
ernl character songs. \
The Tlvoli Opera Company pang Feveral
choruses from "The Jolly Musketeers "
and Annie Myers and Ferris Hartman
were received with the favor always ac
corded them.
Mme. Rosa Olitzka of the Grau Opera
Company was next on the programme.
She sang "Indian Serenade," by George
Liebling, and "Habanera," from "Car
men." The applause was enthusiastic and
Olitzka graciously gave an encore.
David Bispham unquestionably carried
off the honors of the benefit. He sang
Damrosch's "Danny Deever" with a dra
matic Intensity that clutched the heart
strings. When he had finished the audi
ence broke into applause that was almost
hysteric and lasted until the great bary
tone responded with an encore.
Conditt and Morey of the Orpheum pre
sented a sketch, "The Tie That Binds,"
and the McCoy sisters and Sam Marion
of the Alhambra did clever acrobatic
dancing,' and singing that was not quite
acrobatic.
No on© complained of not getting: his
money's worth. The programme began,
at 1 o'clock and was not concluded until
a quarter of 6. Opera eingers, actors, vau
deville artists, dancers and acrobats had
offered their services freely, and the only
embarrassment suffered by the managers
was that caused by the superabundance
of talent. The programme was well
chosen, but the order in which the num
bers were put on was not always happy —
as, for illustration, when, a clog dancer
from the Olympia came on to entertain
the audience before it had settled back to
earth from the clouds where David Blsp
ham's voice had carried It. But in general
no criticism was heard among the audi
tors and every participant, whether grand
opera singer or "knockabout artist." was
accorded a generous reception. In fact,
the insistent audience, demanding en
cores early in the entertainment; was
partly responsible for the undue length
of the programme.
Young women who are generally seen
by rne public only , across the footlights
sold souvenir programmes at the door and
in the aisles, ana in this manner several
hundred dollars were added to the gener
ous sum realized from the sale of tickets.
fr^g-^HE best that all of the theaters'
I have on their bills was offered at
1 the Orpheum yesterday afternoon
[I for the entertainment of those
who attended the benefit of the
charity fund of the Associated Theatrical
Managers of San Francisco. The audi
ence, which filled the theater to standing
room capacity. Included a noticeably large
number of theatrical people. AH of the
profession now in San Francisco and not
behind the scenes were in frontof the cur
tain.
W. J. Hynes pleased the audience with
his monologue and songs, ending with his
old-time laughing song.
Dolan and Lenharr of the Orpheum gave
"A Strange Adventure," a laughable
travesty on "The Sporting Duchess."
Congressman Julius Kahn, an actor
himself in his young days and still the
actor's friend, was Introduced for a few
remarks in explanation of the use of the
money obtained by the benefit. He said
that theatrical people were always flrst
to come forward in aid of other charities,
and when they asked the patronage of
the public for a charity within their pro
fession they were careful to give patrons
their money's worth in entertainment.'
Harry Orndorft acted as stage manager
and also announced the numbers, the
order of which was changed from that of
the programme.
After an overture by Roaner's Hun
garian orchestra the Brothers Martine or
the Orpheum opened the entertainment
with their funny acrobatic feats. lone
MacLouth. also of the Orpheum, Bang
Scotch songs most acceptably. •
The Royal Italian Marine Band, from the
California, played the second act and
sextet from "Lucia" and Lorraine's "Sa
lome." The audience applauded enthusi
astically and would* not be denied. For
Its encore the band played the "American
Patrol."
They were vigilant and persuasive, and if
any one slipped through their nets he
must have felt himself to be very small
fry indeed. Those who sold programmes
were: Misses Rose Ashcroft, Blanche
Woodman, Frances Stewart, Mabel
Hilliard, Josie Davis, Julia Cotte, Hazel
Kilday, Ollie Hefforn, Violet "Voldaire and
Mana Barman. The programme had an
Illuminated cover designed by W. J. Kelly
of The Call art staff.
power, derived from one -¦ power-house
about twelve miles from Copper City. It
is expected that Bully Hill, the Delemar
mines, the Black Diamond mines and ths
Mountain Copper Company will be sup
plied and subsequently the company In
tends to construct another power-house
which will give, with the first, a 10,000
horsepower. Canals nave already been
constructed and a dam is now on the
point of completion. The McCloud River
Is admirably suited for the •mrpoae to
which it is now to be harnessed, as it
has a capacity of 2400 cubic feet "a sec
ond. The company of which Mr. Johns
is general manager has the following offl
cers: President. A. Hochhelmer of "Wil
lows; vice president. R. B. Butler of Fres
no; secretary. and treasurer, W. E. Palmer
of San Francisco. • W'
TO HARNESS MoCLOUD,
RIVER UP IN SHASTA
A. P. Johns, general manager of the
McCloud River Electric Power Company,
has JU3t returned from the East, where
he purchased elaborate long transmis
sion electric machinery for Installation by
the company he represents. On June 1
next power will be for sale by this com
pany and this means that a great Impetus
will be given to mining in Shasta. County.
It Is the purpose of the company t«ysup
ply power to the various mines and In a
short time, as soon as the work can be
done, to furnish electric lighting to Red
ding and then to Red Bluff. The com
pany owns the land on both sides of the
McCloud River for the distance In which
It will operate.
When power is ready for sale, the com
pany will have a capacity of 3000 horse-
¦ Cook for City Prison.
The Supervisors', Police Committee rec
ommended yesterday that the Police Com
mission be authorized to employ a cook
for the. City Prison in the Hall of Jus
tice at a salary of $60 a month.
The Original Little Beneficencia Publica
Company of San Francisco. Numbers
for November 22, 1000.
No. 60710 wins $37.71, sold in San Francleco;
No: 243S 'Wins $1250, sold in San Francisco; No.
42654 wins $825, sold in San Francisco: No*. 6197
19R13, 28112, 41335, 42787 each wins $62 50, sold in
San Francisco. Virginia City. Xev:, Log >n
geles and ' AVatsonvllle, Cal. ,•
A bit of the life of the late Jesse Sheldon
Potter and the conditions that surrounded
hia last hours /will be learned from the
lips of witnesses in a suit which will go
to trial before Judge Daingerlleld and a
jury to-day. Ann'e J. Pronk, whom the
defense openly charges with having been
an inmate of a well known Elli?-strect
resort, is the plaintiff in the action, and
sho seeks to recover 13460 from decedent's
estate "tor services rendered him as -a
nurse and attendant during his illness
from April 6 to September 4, 1899."
The case was called for hearing yes
terday, but owing to a delayed train,
which prevented J. C. Campbell, plain
tiff's counsel, from completing his prep
arations for the trial a continuance until
this morning was ordered. Miss Pronk.
who is an attractive woman,, about 30
years of uge, sat beside her attorney and
took an active Interest In the proceedin&a.
It was at a time when Potter wa,s oc
cupying bachelor's quarters downtown
that he met Miss Pronk. According to her
complaint they met frequently, and when
he was taken ill on April 5 he summoned
her to his apartments to nurse him back
to health and strength. She remained at
his bedside until September 4, Miss Pronk
claims, and as he told her he would pay
her well for her services she demands $29
a day for such, her bill aggregating the
sum stated.
AVhen the claim was filed with the rep
resentatives of the Potter estate It was
rejected on the ground that the deceased
was not ill and in need of a nurse during
the dates mentioned by the plaintiff. The
defense also claims that the suit was sim
ply brought for the purpose of extorting
money from the estate and has no • sub
stantial basis in fact.^&s&SPCBPf
Miss Pronk declares she has proofs to
substantiate her claim, however, and says
she has no fear of the questions which
will be asked her on cross-examination.
Annie J. Pronk's Suit Called
for Hearing by Judge
Daingerfield.
WAHTS TO SHARE
POTTER'S ESTATE
Evans' 1 Ale and Stout
Can be tested at any flrst-class place anywhere
from the Pacific to the Atlantic Oceaa. • j
The Society of California Pioneers gave
a reception for members and their fam
ilies last night at Pioneeir Hall. There
was dancing from R to 12 o'clock. Robert
Vandercook was floor manager. The re
ception was given as opening the winter
season of lectures and dancing. John I.
Spear, secretary of the Pioneers, made a
short . address. refreshments were !
served: „ !
Pioneers Give Reception.
t/f{a/&&H&fa#ne>
Has no equal for Its well-defined purposes of
aiding the convalescent, the weak, the mother
In recovering health, strength, appetite. Made
only by the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n,
St. Louis, U. S. A. Sold by all druggists.
The ceremonies were concluded with the
celebration of pontifical high mass by
Mgr. Martinelll. The dedicatory sern'on
was preached by Right Rev. Mgr. Conaty,
rector of the Catholic University.
The institution is one of the mo?' am
bitious firojects of higher education that
has yet received the attention of the
Catholic authorities. Its inception and
actual execution are due to the Sisters of
Notre Dame. The plan is m.ost compre
hensive, covering the first ball dedicated
to-day: a science building for physics,
psychology, geology and chemistry : an
art school, library building, music hall,
gymnasium and residence building. The
art school Is promised.
The college is located near the Catholic
University and the grounds cover twenty
seven acres, overlooking the Capitol and
the National Library-
Cardinal Gibbons, In giving his first
blessing to the project,, said it would re
lieve the university from the embarrass
ment of refusing admission to women,
many of whom had applied for its higher
instruction, and would complete and
crown the whole system of Catholic edu
cation.
¦WASHINGTON, Nov. 21-r-Trlnity Ccl-
Icge. the newly founded Catholic institu
tion for the higher education of women,
was dedicated to-day with Imposing cere
monies In the presence of a large assem
blage, including prominent officials, many
members of the diplomatic corp3 and rep
resentative educators from various parts
of the country.
Higher Education of
Women.
TRINITY COLLEGE
IS DEDICATED
Catholic Institution for the
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
PATTOSIEN'S.
ESSUBCBnB^Q'rSaKeBRSSaaKfSEHHaBBEIBHHEBnBslBaBiZaslIIB
IJ.O'BRIEN&CO.i
¦ >¦; *" . „ . •¦ ss
B ¦ ' ". - ¦
*jjj* ¦ -.... ,"¦-.-¦ . Mi
g More extraordinary items will be placed on sale this Ej
g morning. (SPECIAL CASH PURCHASE.) ¦
g iooJACKEXS, value for $7. ?o. will be offered (%f% fliT 5
| at ¦.¦;¦„ ....... . aJ.lJU ¦
B 500 CAPES, elegantly embroidered, in castor, navy blue, g
E3 garnet and tan, value for $5.00, will be of- 00 Qf) ¦
g fered at ........ .......I ........... . .. . dZiUU ¦
g 1 -B
¦ 500 GOLF SKIRTS, in air sizes, value for $2.50, Q ftp ¦
B will be offered at uUu S
IS ¦ * - >.:¦
H (Please note the quantity is limited to 3 to each person.) ¦
Ij.O'BRJEN&GO.i
¦ , 1146 MARKET STREET. S
MOHOSCO'S GBANO OPEXA-HOUSE
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
To-nightata^UUGbNOTTr
fTKK TltTGrENOTS.)
N'ordir*. O!!tiks., BauermelPter.' Van Cauteren
rnd Suzanne Adams; Difpel, Plancon, Seottl.
Rare and Ed. de Rcsike. Conductor, M. Flon.
To-Morrow. Matinee at 2. "LOHENGRIN."
Gaflfki and Bchumann-Helik; Van Dyek
HiFpham. Pufrlche and Blass. Conductor, Mr.
¦\V alter Damrofich.
To-Mcrrow Night at 8, "FAUST."
Me'.ba. Bauermetster and Homer: Ealeza.
Campanarl. Vivianl and Ed. de Reszke. Con-
ductor, Slg, MancinellL
SZVZIkT EVENI50 at 8-24 Or»B« Popnlar Mght
"TAXNHAUSER."
Susan Strong OlUika. Karyin, Dippel, Muhl-
mann. Hare, Ilubbenet, Gjlibert. Vlvianl aad
] 'la neon.
OrcbeatzaC «: Dr^ss Circle, M 60; ramlly
Circle. J-; Gallery. :l General Admission. U.
TVCX.T VA/EEK..
DER RING DES NIBELDNQEN,
CWacner).
M-n<5«y at P:3& "PAS RHERCGOI,D"-S,»*a
String. Marylli. Seheff. Olitzka and Pchumann-
H^nk: \sn ]>yrk. Bifpham. Muhlmann. Blaes.
.' »urn"t. nufriclie. U&rs. Hubbenet.
Tuesday ,t 7:4S. "DIE WALKUERE"-
Cfi<J*kl Pchumatsn-Heink. BcheJT. OUtzka.
r.arylli. I>ml. Bauermelpter, Van Cauteren.
I.'riaewell and Nordica; Van Djck Blass and
H;srham.
YiX3ne*aay. at 7:48. "ErEXJITlIED"— Schu-
r-ann-Hejnk, ScheJI and Kordica; Dippel, Bisp-
ham, Blass. Hubbenet and EiS. <Je Resrke.
(Conductor for ell ••niNG' Performances.
Mr. Walter Dimmirh.)
Thursday. November 29, at 8:15 (by reaueit),
LA BO1IEME* 1 — Melba, PchffT. Baler*, Glli-
r*rt. Journet. Dufrichp. Mailer* and Campa-
s arl. Conductor. £lg. MandneUl.
Friday, at 7:30— "GOTTERDAEMMEBCNO"
— I- Pi <¦:. Muhlmann and r.d de ReEZke; Susan
Ftrona;, Schumann-Heinle. Echeff. Bridewell and
Norfilca. Conductor. Mr. Walter Damroech.
Prices. $2 to 17. Branch ticket office. Em-
porium.
TTEBETt HAXO tJSEP.
A NEW COMPANY OF UP-TO-
DATB VAUDEVILLE STARS.
MAX WELDON, STELLINO AND
EEVELLE, CONDITT AND
MOREY, BBOTHEBS MABTIirE,
IONE MACXOTJTH,
ANNA BOTD. MR. ar.4 MRS. DAK HIATT.
DOLAN AND LENHARR, W. J.
HYTTES.
Btwrwj Seats. ZSc; Baloony. l«o; Opera
Chairs and Bex Seats, fro.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
THIS EVENING
"Billy" Hynes' Night.
LAST 3~~NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FRANK DANIELS
And His Splendid Company. In
VICTOR HERBERTS LATEST SUCCESS
"THE AMEER."
NEXT MONDAY EVESINO
FRANK I* PERLET Will Present
...ALICE NIELSEN...
In "THB SINGING GIRL."
By VICTOR HERBERT. HARRT B. SMITH
and FTAXISLAUP STANCE.
6EAT3 KOW ON BALE.
LAST THREE PERFORMANCES OF !
ROYaL MARINE BAND OF ITALY, j
TONIGHTS PROGRAMME: 1 — March,
"•Man Behind the Oun" (Sousa); J-Overture,
'•Lltht Cavalry" <6uppe); J— Harp solo, ee-
Jected, Slrnor Relaro: 4— "Melody In F" (Ru-
t.in«tein> ; E — "Hletorle fl'un Pierrot" (Costa),
II: 6 — March. "Tajinhaueet" (Watner); 7 —
Tenor solo, selected, Signor Gianninl; 8— "Dan-
aa Erotica" <Ms.scagnl), flute eolo, Slrnor la
Monara: &— "Ernanl." act III (Verdi). Inci-
dental anlrm by Plgnor de Titta. Ladles' mat-
Jnee to-morrow. Re<jue»t night. Saturday night.
Mall your requests to box office.
N^xt Pur.day Afternoon— The Aetr.e of Mln-
«tr*l Su'cestes. HAVERLY'S MASTODON
MINSTRELS, with GEORGE (Waltr-Me-
jt.paln) WILSON. Engagement Limited to
Two Week*. The frual Popular Prices.
•THE FAP3AESENKRASSA IS ALL RIGHT!!
ANOTHER CROWDED HOUSE LAST
NIGHT.
Ar.« The Opinion of All Is:
THE GREATEST SUCCESS EVER KNOWN
For Superb Comic Opera,
"A JOLLY MUSKETEER"
rtret production In this city.
%\'r!tten an<l Composed by Stange & Edwards.
BIG DOUBLE COMPANY!
POWERFUL CHORUS!
SIANY OLD FAVORITES and NEW FACES!
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 5Oc
Telephone Bush 9.
AIF ELLINGHOUEE Prop, and Manager
I'HONE SOUTH ".7.770
Breaking All Past Records!
HOTTS-FINE AND DANDY
"ASTRAKGER IN NEW YORK."
Headed by the McCOY BISTERS and SAM
MARION. •
And a Company ff Comedians That Art Funny
With Girls That Are Pretty and Who
Can Dance and Kin*.
EVERT EVENING THIS 'WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Ev^nlnp— 15<\ Zhr, 25c, S0c and 75c Matlaee—
ihc lac. 2£c end &0c.
Next Sunday Afternoon— HERRMANN, the
Great, ao-ompanied by the Musical Wonders,
the 6— NORSES— 5. NEVER BEFORE AT OUR
1'OPUL.AR PRICES.
ilLYH EAT R e^A>
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
For Superb Comic Opera.
Alt"»rether. a decidedly enjoyable perform-
ance and all • for the ridiculous sum or fifty
cents—* performance better than many you
vlll se« la »w York for two dollar*.
L. DU PONT 8YLE. "Call."
Acruettn Daly's Charming Comedy.
THE RAILROAD
OF LOVE...
NVrt Week— Ausrustln Daly's Bright Com-
*¦<*.?. •~.-V>-*."
CHUTES AND^00. E £7££;"
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
CANNON, THE FAT MAN,
IN POSES PLASTIQUE.
TO-MORROW NIGIHT— CAKEWALK.
Telephone, for geats— Park a. •_
FTQrRFR'Q concert house.
r lOtfian D Admission IOs.
Olive Vail and Frank Tully: Irene Franklyn:
Ouhama. the Jap; Harry H. Waltoa; Helen
Ftuart and Claire Fex.
RESERVED SEATS rtc. MATITfEE SUNDAY.
OR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Tor the cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS,
f THICTURKS and analogous complaints of tat
? Oresns of Generation.
¦> Price U a bottle. For sal* by firurftstt.
.•"1 , I t ;j
K :'
£ Put on a pair of shoes ;•
:¦• that will keep your feet ;. ;
;i : thoroughly dry through :.:;
l|: wet weather — certainly £
% }Jou have the inclination jft
!:: — a nd we have the shoes. ;:; \
:f!J Picture shows a box ;.¦
i;;J calf, strong, serviceable ; -
;;i| and withal stylish shoe, £
.g which is Just the thing ?
:;.| for wet weather; also *j
::j| comes in kid, with pat- :;•
••J ent or kid leather tips i: :;
l:| and heavy extension £
w soles. The shoes have ~
I proven satisfactory to ¦.¦
1| every customer we know ?•
|| of: price '>'•¦
I $2j50 j
f;l Misses' or children's lace or •
!u= button shoes in kid or box '
•;"£ calf; guaranteed to wear well i
ij; — a new pair free if they don't. :¦¦
i sizes 6 to 8........ $1.00 ¦¦.
:!: sizes S l A to it 1.2.% :-.
:•; sizes IIJ4 to 2 1.5O j:;
• 1^** 832 MARKET ST.,S.r^ t".
y-J "Ktufc.iaa 6t»js in Lnekt'i Shoes. " f>
j -- v --- ¦¦'¦' -^^-i^frj
$6.00
WILL BUY THIS DEW PATENT BURNER
OIL-HEATER.
/^x Sent on approval,
5jf city or country, to
/ttfipyry be returned at our
expense if not satls-
feSi wn pay ™ K
WfMM freight.
'&£2siMk\ This heater has
Si.'V^H£| large iron base, re-
s!O. 'uivfy movable cast top.
)&£&%A H^Prant nickel trlm-
K^VmijraS mings, Russian iron
cylinder, height 31
> c3?5?^i>";s3 1 "£xV'i inches, base spread
v^^^jpa&r) 18 inches.
tW^^ftS^f There are other
W WI heaters, but no oth-
Gf >Si «r heaters are Bold
with a guarantee
like ours.
$0.00. Send for catalogue.
PATTOSIEN'S
FURNITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING,
Sixteenth and Misaioa Strest3.
FOOT REST
Upholstered with
Axminster carpet;
tempered steel legs
of French design.
Country homes and flats
furnished complete.
We extend credit.
BRILLIANT'S
336-340-342 POST ST.
Near Powell. Open Evenln^m.
vL— —-J
"Ko-Nut"
y A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for
9 Shortening, Frying and
H General Cooking,
|J and you will keep it up. ;
Ij Absolutely Free from Animal \
K " Mitter.
y Never Gets Rancid.
y Crullers have the old-fash- j
ij isned taste when "KO-NUT"
« is used to shorten and fry. 3
I Ask Your Grocer or Write
India Refining: Co.,
Philadelphia. '
TTfcen Prof. Munyon i*yi hit KIDNBY CWRB
tr a ¦p«clfle for nearly every form of Kidney
disease be does not overstate the case in the
least. It has iron for itself a place among the
almost infallible remedies. It will not cure
Jirlirhi's Olsesee In the adrunced nt&gee. It
will not <5o the Impossible, but it ¦will cure erery
phase Of Kidney complaint, «ven the incipient
ttarc-s of Brieht's Disease.
Flfty-slz other cure*. All druggists. 25c rial.
Oulde to Health Is free. Medical adrloe freo—
writ* to Broadway and 28th St.. New York,
BH Ev§39 a \S3sasm El - IBf t^^l ¥9t
w R C f3 E!£Z& BB BSs & 1 fiUSn
After-Theater Refreshments.
The completeness of th« arrangements
made for your entertslnrnent In the Sup-
per Room csn be estimated when It Is
known that the attribute)* responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are In
evidence here. Delichtful music, prompt
service, moderate chiirg-es. Open every
eveninr (Sundays ezcepted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
1 — ———————— ¦ — — !
_^^_^__^^_^^^_ . . ' j ¦-¦'. t
%Jr FAVORITE
1 SL FOR WEAK W€EMEM.
. RDTTC£ri7Q rOK barbers. bak.
XjHU Dlli-4U<) '"• bootblacks, bath-
i houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
' blc-mcn. tar-roofere. tanners, tailors, efc.
BUCiiA>A.-N BROS..
( Brush Manufacturers. 608 Sacramento St.
AMUSEMENTS.
- THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Initial meeting Monday, Nov. 13, to Saturday,
• Dec 1. Inclusive. Six or more races each week
1 day. Six stake events, one hurdle race and
two steeplechases first two weeks. First race
. of the day at 2:10 p. m. Trains leave Third
I and Townsend street* for Tanforan Park at 7,
10.40, 11:20 a. m., 1. 1:30 and 2 p. in., followed
after the last race, at Intervals of a* few min-
utes, by several specials. Rear cars re*;r^<y.
, for ladies and their escorts. Admission t9 r«e
i course. Including railroad fare, 11.25.
D. LYNCH. PRINGLE, Secretary.
RALPH H. TOZER. Racing Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Neiu Yark Money Market.
LONDON. Nov. 22.— Atchison, 41%; Canadian
Pacific. 90%; Union Pacific prefd. 84%; North
ern Pacific, 86U: Grand Trunk, 6*4; Anaconda,
10%; Rand Mines, 40U. Bar silver, steady.
?3 3-16d per ounce. Money, 3% per cent.
CLOSING.
spotty character. London continued buying,
though arbitrageurs sold. New York worked
both ways, but on balance realized, causing an
uneventful finish. The London bulls seem a lit
tle inclined to take profits. The short interest
Is not extensive.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— Consols, 93 9-16: Silver,
29 9-16d; French rentes, lOOf 60c; wheat cargoes
on passage, firm; not active; No. 1 Standard
California. 30s 6d; AValla Walla, 29s 6d; Eng
lish country markets, quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 22.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
Standard California. 6s 2d@6s 3d; wheat In
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull; weather In
England, fair and cloudy.
COTTON-Uplands, 5%d. -
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, flrm. 4s
Id. Futures— Firm; November, 4s l%d; Janu
ary, 3s 10%d.
WHEAT-Spot. quiet; No. 1 California, 6s
2%d; No. 2 red Western Winter, 5s ll%d; No. 1
Northern Spring, 6s 3d. Futures — Steady; De
cember. 5s ll%d; March. 6s %d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 22.— Wheat, dull and nomi
nally unchanged; bluestem, 56%c; club, 53%c.
PORTLAND. Nov. 22.— Wheat, steady; Walla
Walla, 54@54Hc; bluestem. 07c.
Foreign wheat, exports from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 206,9^3 bushels.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
.PORTLAND. Nov.. 22.-CIearlng;s. $327,917;
balances, $56,118.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— The cotton market
opened firm at 6@12 points higher and closed
steady, with prices 1 point lower to 3 points
higher net.
New' York Cotton Market.
Lead was quiet at $4 37% and spelter steady at
$4 30@4 35. The brokers' price for lead was $4
and for copper $17.
New York Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
i Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup..H5%116V4 Is do cp (new)137%13S
4s do res .115%116% 4s do coup 109%ll0
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.104 — Oak Water 6s..lO4T4 —
Cal-st Cab 5s..llH»; — I Dceanic SS 5s.llOTillH4
C C Water 5s.lOS% — Om C Ry 6s.. .128 129
Ed ti & P 6s...l3U% — Pac G Imp 4s.. 102 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P & Cl Ry 6S..106 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P&ORR 6s. 115% —
H C & S oV-s... — — Powell-st R 6s — — '
, l>o Rs ,100«4 '— Sac E G&R 5S.100 —
L. A Ry 6a 110% — S F & SJV 5s. 119%"—
LALt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do gntd Os.. — — S P of A 6s....U3V; — •
L A «ntd ns...lM 102 S P ofCfis(1905)
L A P R R 53.102 — (Series A) 100»J —
Market-st 6s...l2s% — Do(Seri»3 B)110% —
Do 1st M 5S.120 — Do (1906) ....112 —
NCNGRiS. — 114 Do (1«12) 120 —
N R of Cal 6s.U4'/i — S P R 1st g 5s.lO7 —
Do 5s — 119% 3 P R 6s 131 —
N P o R It 68.101 — S V Water 6s.ll3%U4%
Do 5s 108 — Do 4s 102% —
N Cal Ry 5s.. .113% — ¦>" 3ii mtg«».. !'*•,.
Dak G L & H.110% — Stktn Gas 6s. .100 103
Oak Tran 6s. ..116% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70% 71% Spring Valley: 93Vi 93%
Marine County. 61% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent It & P Co 3% — Pac L Co...... — 44%
Equit G L Co. i-» 3% iac E G*R Co — an
Mutual El Co.. — 9% S F G & E... 49>i 49%
O G L & H.. 49% — San Francisco. — »
l-ac Gad imp.. 61 52 JBtktn G&E Co— 14
. . INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 227 %230 ] ,
THURSDAY. Nov. 22—2:30 p. m.
# — — *
Stocks and bonds were quiet and unchanged
on the morning session, barring the usual
fractional fluctuations. 1
In the afternoon Gas and Electric got down
to $19 12%, ' making a decline for the ilar of
87%c. . • ¦ - .
The oil stocks sold very well at steady prices
as a rule. Petroleum Center levied an as
sessment of 3 cents, delinquent December 21.
The Standard Con. Mining Company paid a
dividend 1 1 10 cents yesterday.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared a dividend of 50 cents per share, pay
able December 1.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared a dividend of 33 cents per
share, payable December 1.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull and easy; No. 3 spring wheat". 66%@77c;
No. 2 red, 72%(fi-74c; No. 2 corn, 44%<345%c; No
2 yellow, 44%?i45%c; No. 2 oats, 22«4c; No. 2
white, 25%@25?ic; No. 3 white, 24>.4'{j26c; No. 2
rye, 45^c; good feeding barley. 39&40C; fair to
choice malting. CoiSGOc; No. 1 tlaxseed,' $1 o9%©>
1 70; No. 1 Northwestern. ?1 71; prime timothy
seed, $4 10(g4 20; mess pork, per barrel, $10 87%
PJll; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 10(§7 12%; short
rib Bides (loose). $7 2507 75; dry salted shoul
de.rs f boxed). $5 87%'gS 12%; short clear Bides
(boxed). $6 S54f6 95; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 27; clover, contract grade, $10. ¦
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels "... 20.COO 10.000
Wheat, bushels 195,000 297,000
Corn, bushels 227,000 481,000
Oats. buBhels 126,000 9&.000
Rye, bushels 1,000 - 3,000
Barley, bushels 97,000 14,000
'On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries, 15y2nc; dairies
12Vif«22c. Cheese, active, 1O011UC. Eggs, quiet;
fresh, 22c.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Business was gener
ally very slow in metal circles to-day. Tin,
though somewhat higher, showed very little
strength and closed steady at $28 80. Lake Cop
per ruled . quiet and unchanged . at . $16 76® 17.
Plglron warrants were quiet at $9 50@10 50.
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000; sheep and lambs,
firm and active; good to choice wethers, $ (i
4 80; fair to choice mixed, $3 Wai; Western
sheep, $4@4 25; Texas sheep, $2 &0&3 65; natl-se
lambs, $4 40®5 40; Western lambs, $4 i>5@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 40.000; to-rrxrrow
28,000, estimated; left over, 5000; steady to 5c
lower; top, $4 95; mixed and butchers, $4 CCfi*
4 95; good to choice heavy, $4 iC@4 92%: rough
heavy. $4 55ig4 65; light. $4 60^4 87%; bulk of
Bales. $4 7S!Fi4 85. .
CHICAGO, Nov. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts, 15,
500; best steers, steady to slow; others 10<& T5c
lower; good to prime steers, JJ 25@5 75; poor
to medium, $4 2S(^5 15; selected feeders, slow,
$3 75@4 25: mixed etockers. weak, $2 25<gs2 C5;
cows, $2 C5@4 35; heifers, $2 75^4 75; canncrs,
$2@2 65; bulls, strong, $2 50©4 40; calve*,
steady, $4@5 75; Texas fed «eers, U(<}i K5;
pram steers. $3 25@4 10; bulls. $2 60@S 25.
PARIS.
Wheat— . Nov. Mar.-Junc.
Opening 20 10 21 55
CloFlng 20 10 2155
Flour-
Opening 26 10 27 50
Closing 26 10 27 50
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dee. Feb. Man
Opening 6 11% 6%
Closing 5 11% ..."
Nciv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22— There was the same
ebb and flow in to-day'e dock market that has
characterized it for several days past. Neither
the beginning nor the end. however, was so
veil defined as they were yesterday. The cur
rents and cross-currests were very confusing
all day and made it difficult to analyze the
tone, except during a period of pronounced re
action, which developed after the oj>enir.g. and
an equally j>ronounced recovery before the close.
The close itself was reactionary and weak under
the influence of a violent break of 4Vi points in
American Steel and Wire. That stock got up
to 11 In the general rally of the market, but
plunged downward to «6* 4 in a few minutes and
closed about there, with heavy offerings etill
coming on the market. The professional trad
ers in Wall street have worked for some time
In the faith that they were following the bull
ltadei-ehi^ of a combination cf forces between
the naoet notable speculator In the street and a
newer tind almost equally dashing operator who
made his mark, and a deep one at that in the
speculation in steel etocks during the last year
and & half. The break In Eteel and Wire com
ing near home to this alleged speculative com
bination, served to unsettle sentiment very con
siderably at the close. The bear contingent suc
ceeded in pretty well getting the upper hand
early in the day. The market opened with
price currents moving In whirling eddies. There
was continued absorption in some of yester
day-s etror.g stocks, the local tractions -»nd St.
Paul being conspicuous. Later a etrongMemand
developed for Chesaueak and Ohio on buvlne
eaid to be for Philadelphia account. This Btock
moved up an extreme Z%. This movement was
however, not sufficient to discourage the profit!
taking and bear pressure, which had been mo'e
or less manifest, especially In the steel stocks
from the opening, and the whole market fell
away without much support to the lowest of
the day. The rally w*s Inaugurated in St
Paul. That stock was boosted to nearly 13.)
and the other grangers. Sugar and the locai
tratetion stocks and General Electric made the
readiest response. An effort was made to con
tinue the movement by the time-honored device
of bidding up the Vanderbilts. but this proved
unavailing In face of the acute weakness ehown
by the steel stocks. The news of the day was
little regarded. Some disappointment was felt
at th* cessation of yesterday* heavy demand
from London. That center turned seller to-dav
to the extent of about 40,000 shares on balance
There was a failure of expected heavy demand
for clocks from the West, which was cut off
from wire communication yesterday The beari
were also inclined to make capital out of the
reported dispute among the diplomats at Pek'n^
and their tactics were ehown in the circulat'on
of a rumor that the Czar was dead The fart
that these rumors were given some weight and
that the Kruger demonstration In Mare'eitles
and the reported injury to General Roberts lATa
an ir-Huence. tend to show that the movement
of the market was to a large extent on sentl
rner.tal crounds. The money market showed
no signs of any stress from the large specula
tion and was appreciably easier on the lar^
receipts of Australian gold here during the
wee*. Sterling exchange hardened on the large
telling of stocks by London. H is conjectured
also that sterling exchange is being accumu
lated with a view to New York subscription, to
loreii^i loans.
The bond market was notably strong In *i>ott
but weakened at other points. Total eales t>ar
value. $3.E:€.000. *^
United States refunding 2s advanced U and
the new 4s % per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares CicMfw
Bold. Blocks- Bid
48.100 Atchigon ziv
41.800 Atchison prefd " 8 «r
K.OOO Baltimore & Ohio j" fjij
Canadian Pacific ' g^ij
11,600 Canada Southern - j$u
Chesapeake & Ohio 26V
1,400 Chicago Great Western 14U
15,209 Chicago Burllnrton & Qulncy 137%
Chicago Ind A Louisville 23
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd f,7U,
1,400 Chicago & Eaetern Illinois 99
2,100 Chicago & Northwestern ics%
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
vVheat No. 2 — ,
November 71% 71% 71 7114
December 71% 71*4, 71 71S
J^ U rn r> No.-2- '*' "» ™ 72 *
November 46 47 44 45%
I>ecember 36 36% 35T4, 36H
May 36% 36*£ 36«J 26&J
Oats No. 2— "
November 21«i 21% 21«i 21?i
December 21% 22 21H 22
May 24 24% 24 24U
Mess Pork, per barrel- .
November \\ to
January U 80 11 go 11 70 11 77%
lla >' • v^""- 1173 " 77 * u 75 "75
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 6 S7% 6 87% 6 87% 6 87%
.November 7 12% 7 12% 7 10 7 12%
December.. 6 97% 6 97% 6 95 C 97%
January 6 85 6 87% 6 82% 6 85
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
November .... .... 7 75
January 6 30 6 32% 6 23 6 32%
May 6 30 6 35 6 SO 6 35
Oliver R. Chapman to A. G. Ropes, undivided
half Interest In lot on SE corner of Fifth ave
nue and East Eleventh street. S ISO by E 100
block 21, Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Same to Charles R. - and Wallace B. Flint
undivided half Interest In same; $10.
Arthur V. Folsom to CD. Griffith, lots 63
and 63, block B. Christlanla Tract. Berkeley
(warranty deed) : $100. ' ¦ ...
Rod W. and Mattle Church to James Town-
Alameda County.
W. S. Hopps to Hulda Hopps. lot on W line
of Victoria street. 100 S of Sargent. S 25 by
W 100. lot 33, block 37, City Land Association
gift.
Harry II. Lorentren to Lilly A. BtshDp. lot
on N line of Montana street. 440 E of Orizaba
E 50 by#N 123. lot 8. block U, Railroad Home
stead Association; gift.
Pacific Coast Savings Society to Martha .T
Darnley. lot on E line of Corbett avenue. 7t-4
from Casselli avenue, SE 45, NE 84-1 XW
70:7%. SW 46:5*4, lots A and B and lot O as
per Bruces Map of subdivided lots 1 and "
block 9, Market Street Homestead: $10.
Caroline Gilbert (by Frank W. Fuller trus
tee) to John E. Klein, 1791 d 324. lot' on N
line of Eleventh avenue (south), 125 E of P
street. E 25 by N 100. lot 43, blcck 210. Garden
Vllle Homestead Association, in Haliy and
O^Nell tract, trustee's deed; $300.
John M., George P. and Tereaa J. O*Nell (by
Henry S. Martin. lat« Sheriff) to D. E. B#
secker. lot on S line of Morton street. 1G0 5
E of Stockton. E 22:11 by S 50; $2S1.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Aqguste Hay, lot
on W line of Nineteenth avenue. 225 N of Pom*
Lobos avenue, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Frances L. Hess to Ward M."' Smith, un
divided % of lot on E line of Thirteenth ave
nue. 230 N of J street, N 23 by E 120; $10
German S. & L. Society to George H. Moore
and C. H. Olinger, lot on W line of Portola
street. 216 S of Waller. S 25 by TV 90. block 2
Marion tract (Hospital lot): $10.
George H. and Charlotte M. Moore and C.
H. and Caroline L. Olinger to J. L. HoKelln,
same; $10.
Frances Hess to A. G. Booth, undivided %
of lot on S line of Aldlne (Tyler) street, 120
E of North Wlllard, E 27 by 8 125, lot »,
Cashman tract: $10.
Madge E. Gray (wife) to O. F. Gray, lot on
NW corner of Green and Sansome streets. N
68:9, W 22:11. S 68:9. E 22:9: also lots 3C. 31.
32, 52, £3, 58, 67, block 9. and undivided % lota
1 to 14, block 10, undivided 10-28 of lot* 1 to
14, block 10. all of lot 31, block 11, lots 43 and
44. block 12. lots 33 to 41. block 14, Flint Tract
Homestead; also block 14. map A, Castro Street
Addition; also property In other counties, quit
claim deed; $10.
American Bank and Trust Company to Emlllo
Wallach. lot on W line of Scott street, 30 N
of Grove, N 27:6 by W 110, quitclaim lejd; $1.
H. Francis and Beatrice M. Anderson to
Harry W. Goodall, lot on N line of Washington
Btreet, 103 W of Spruce, W 62:5 by N 127:S%
$10.
Same to James H. Bennett, lot on N lire of
Washington street, 165:6 W of Spruce, \V 12 - 6
by N 127 :8H; $10.
II. TV. and Lulu Clark .to Lilly A. Bishop
and Harry H. Lorentzen. lot on N line of Mon
tana street. 440 E of Orizaba, E 60 by N 123,
block H, Railroad Homestead; $10.
Jacob Deutsch to Bernhard Davldow. re
record 1S23 d 392, lot on S line of Geary street
103:1% W of Laguna. W 34:4% by S 137:«; $10.
Alvin B., Madge. "Walter and Milton D.
Grosh,- Louise M. Sage (wife of O. G. Sage).
Elizabeth G. Larzelere (wife of W. R. La r .
zelere), Charles S. and Lillian N. TVheel»r and
R. H. Lloyd to Fernando Nelson, lot 00 N line
of Waller street, 137:6 W of Pierce, TV 142:6 by
N 137:6; $10/^ ,
Andrew McMahon to Annie McMnhon, lot on
NW line of Corbett street. 234:9 NE of Cassell
avenue, NW 116:1, NE 50, SE to a point SW
50, lot 2, block 5, Market Street Homestead*
Lena, and Andrew Christensen to R. H. Lar
sen, lot on SE line of Arlington street 26S:{
NE of Miguel, NE 27:6, SE 90. SW 27:6. NW
95. block 36. same; $10.
Mary Hansen to Lena Chrlstensen (wife of
Andrew), lot on SE line of Arlington street,
26S:4 NE of Miguel. NE 53:3. SE SO. SW E3:&,
NW 95. block S6. Fairmount; $10.
William J. and Emma Gunn to Solomon Getz.
lot on E line of Sixteenth avenue, 150 S of C
street. S 25 by E 127:6; $10.
Myra A., Frank M.. George D.. Fred A. and
Jer.nio B. Greenwood to same, lot on N line
of California street. 57.70 E of Fifth avenue,
N 94.10 E 123, S 81.27. W 125.63; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CALL CALENDAR.
CHICAGO, Nov. 22.— The corn pit was crowd
ed to the last inch at the opening, other mar
kets being almost deserted by traders. No
vember opened at from 45c to 45%c and *oon
touched 47c under heavy bidding, but Mr.
Phillips, who Is credited with controlling' that
option, sold a few 5000-bushel lots and a re
action followed. A sale was made at 44c, but
it was a fiuke, as the market really stood at
44"jc. The market became much quieter toward
the close. Acceptances were light an3 the
weather was reported as again being unfavor
ab 5ber ? ece V,P e L corn *° li between 35%<&?.6c
and 36»4c. closing %c higher at 36%c. Nov»m
ber closed %c higher at 45%c Receipts wera
311 cars, only seventeen of which graded con
tract.
Wheat ruled dull and featureless. Cable3
were firm and receipts light. These factor*
caused a better tone, following easiness at the
start, when the bearlshness of local trader*
and the absence of commission-hous^ *ra«V>
was felt. December opened a shade to 'tti^s
lower at 71*i£71Uc. touched 71c, rallied to
<lV t c on cash sales of 210,000 bushels and closed
6teady and unchanged at 71*»@7iy.c
Oats stuck in the same old rut and made ro
attempt to get out of it. December cloa-nl >ic
higher at 21%@22c. *
Provisions were neglected and dull. Tha
market opened lower on hea'-y hog receipts
and lower prices at the yard3. Fluctuations
were narrow and the close fairly steady. Jan
uary pork closed 5c lower, lard 2%c lower pnd
rlhs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
The pressure has risen rapidly over the west
ern half of the country. i_mring the post
t»enty-Jf>ur hours there has been a rise of
rearly .3 of an inch over California.
. The Etonn of Tuesday is now well to the
«a*t. A second Ftorm has made Its appear
ance over Vancouver Island and will prooably
jri'.ve slowly down the coast.
The trmperature has risen rapidly over Ore
fron and Washington. Throughout California It
l:as remained nearly ttationary.
Forecast made at San Fra-eisco' for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 23, 1SO0:
Northerr. California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, with occasional showers;
fre*h southeasterly, winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; light
northwest wlr.<Js.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday.
Utah — Cloudy, colder Friday.
Arizona— Rain Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday,
Vith occasional Ehowers; fresh southeast winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
EL': minimum, 47; mean s 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Chicago Grain Market.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm but quiet; refined, steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady; mild, market
quiet. Futures, net unchanged to 5 points
lower. Total sales were 41.500, bags. Including:
l>ecember. 6 20<g6 30; January, $6 30; Februarv,
$0 35; March, $6 43(S6 SOjJklay, $6 60; July. $6 65
©6 70; August, $6 70; September, $6 70@6 75;
October. $6 7J@6 80. ¦"<¦?"'
BUTTER— Receipts, 4226 packages. Steady;
creamery. 19IS-26C; June creamery, lSS23%c; fac
tory. 12Sj16c
EGGS — Receipts, 6045 packages. Steady;
Western regular packing at mark, 21fi < 24c; do,
loss off, 27c.
DRIED FRUIT.
Trading was of a hand-to-mouth character
In the market for evaporated apples and the
undertone was no better than steady at nomi
nally unchanged prices. State common. 4$T5c;
prime. 4%©5Uc; choice. BMiUXdc: fancy, 6@C%c.
California dried fruits were quiet and steady.
Prunes were quoted from 3Vj@S%c per pound
us to size and quality. Apricots— Royal, ll@14c*
Moorpark. 15Ql6c. Peaches— Peeled, 16@2Oc; un
pttled, 6@9c.
* — *
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20,090 barrels; exports, 563. Well sustained and
fairly active, without change.
WHEAT— Receipts. 65,200 bushels; exports,
620,122. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 7S%o f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red. 77%e elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. S3%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. S7%c f. o. b. afloat Options were gen
erally firm all day, exce.pt for an interval of
depression at noon under realizing and short
selling. Strength was inspired by higher cables,
unfavorable Argentine crop news export buy
ing in the Southwest and fair speculative sup
port, closing firmer, partly %c net higher.
March, 80%@Sl%c, closed Sic; May, 80 3-16®
SO 5-16c; November, closed 77%c; December
77*»@7S 1-lGc. closed 77%c.
There was no further advance In Butter and
Eggs, but both were firm. "Dealers were dis
agreed as to the advisability of advancing But
ter €>o radically as was done on Wednesday, and
a good many objections- were heard. Still, the
advance was acquiesced In. Stocks of both
Butter and Eggs were moderate.
BUTTER—
¦ Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 23@24c; seconds
22%c. - ' '
Dairy— Fancy. 21c; good to choice, lSg'Mc;
common. 17%©18%c.
Creamery tub— !!0@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
Firkin— 18@19c.
. ' Storage goods— Zl@22c.
CHEESE— New. 11%©12c; Old, lOiffllc: Young
America, 12®12%c; Eastern. 13%©14c; Western.
11013c perlb^/. :'-. ¦-...- . _
EGGS— Store. . 26®30c ; ranch, 82%®34o for
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry was steady at previous prices and
young stock ruled firm.
Game . was In light receipt and firm, and
Hare and Rabbits were particularly strong.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13<3Hc for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
15@17c; Geese, per pair. $175@2; Goslings, $175
<?T2; Ducks, $3@4 for old and $4@3 for young;
Hens, J3 50<3>4 50; Young Roosters, $4@4 50: Old
Roosters, $3 6004; Fryers, $3 50®4; Broilers. $3 50
@4 for large and $3 2503 50 for small; Plgaons,
$1 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25©1 60 for Valley and $2®
2 25 for Mountain; Mallard, $3®5; Canvasback,
$407; Sprig, $3®4 50; Teal, $2 50; Widgeon, $2;
Small Duck, $150; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese,
$ltf?l 50; Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 for large;
English Snipe, $1 50; Jack Snipe, tl; Hare, $1 60;
Rabbits, $150 for cottontail and $1@1 25 for
brush; Doves, 65c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
The recent storm, by Interfering with road
and rail transportation, has cut down receipts
of Potatoes, and tho market Is firmer In con
sequence. Onions have also advanced. Vege
tables are firm, and Tomatoes are scarce and
considerably higher.
POTATOES— River Reds, 75® 85c; Burbanks,
50@75c for River and $1<S1 15 per ctl for Sa
linas and 90c@$l 10 for Oregon; Sweets, 50@75c
for River and S5(g:90c for Merced.
ONIONS— Jl 35igl 65 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2%@6c per lb;
String Beans. 6®7c; Llmas. 4@5c per lb; Cab
bage. 90c: Tomatoes, $1 25@1 75: Egg Plant.
75c per box; Los Angeles do, 8@10c per lb;
Green Peppers, 3Sj?5Oc per box; Dried, Peppers.
lW&loc; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Summer
Squash, per box for Los Angeles; Cucum
bers, 75c for Alameda; Garlic, 4@5o-pcr lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $10@12 per ton.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 C5(i?2 70; Small White. $4®
4 10- Large White. $34i3 25; Pink, $1 65@2;
Red $2 50®3; Black eye. ?3@3 15; Lima, $3 20®
1 25;' Pea, Wiii 25; Re-1 Kidney. $3 75SJ1.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 25^2 40; Canary,
3%c p*r lb for California and 4r for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 7%@9%c; Rape, 2'i@3c; Hemp, 4Q'l%c;
DRIED PEA&-Nlles. $2@2 50; Green, $2 25@
2 7& per ctl; Blackcye, J2g"2 50.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans continue In fair demand and firm as a
rule, with several changes In quotations.
Whites are particularly strong.
F*EEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15 50@16 50
per ton; -Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2i®26; Job
bing $26 50- Cocoanut Cake, J17@18; Corn Meal,
J26<827; Cracked Corn, J26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed,
$1 HAY-Volunteer. J5©8; Wheat. m©13 50;
Wheat and Oat. $IC©12 50; Oat. tiitll 50;
Clover. t5@7; Alfalfa. *« 60®8 60; Barley, VH
9 oer ton.
STRAW— 35@45c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— U<5 50^19 50 per ton.
Receipts of Hay were very light, owing to the
recent storm. Prices were unchanged, and
Feedstuffs stood as before.
KRAN-SUS15 50 per ten.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, J3 60®
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, %l 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 7('»@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15®3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
(4 7»@5 75 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. K 75; Rye
Meal {2 50- Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal. 12 75;
extra cream do, J3 60; Oat Groats. $4 50: llom
lny, $3 5O®3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4i?4 25;
Cracked Wheat, |3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour »3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; In sacks. $5 75Q7: Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, J5; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No salts.
Regular Morning Session — 2000 ctls, 74c
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Dealers reported a good demand yes
terday both for seed and feed. Offerings con
tinue light.
White, $1 30@l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 2<Vgl 30 for feed and Jl 3Eftl 40 for seed; Gray,
nominal; Black, for feed, $1 12%S1 20; for seed,
|1 20SJ1 30 per ctl.
CORN— The market Is dull at the revised quo
tations. California Yellow, $1 10&1 15: California
White, $1 15<gl 17%: Eastern Yellow, $1 20;
White, $1 20: Eastern mixed, $1 17% per ctl.
RYE— 90<5"92%c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@2 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No pales.
Second Session-May-2000 ctls, »1 04%; 6000,
$1 0W*. December — 1000. 97%c.
Regular Morning Session— May — 6000 ctla,
$1 04%. December— 4000. 9S'/SC.
Afternoon Session— May— awo ctls, $1 04%.
BARLEY— Previous prices rule, with a dull
market.
Feed, 75c for choice bright. 72V4®73%c for No.
1 and 67V4@70c for oft grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. SOSSSc: Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT- Liverpool was firm, but dull. Paris
was weak. New York was a couple of frac
tions firmer. Chicago opened steady to firm,
with a light local trade but a good and In
creasing shipping demand, 300,000 bushels being
taken for the latter account, with more or
ders expected. Hamburg cabled to accept all
orders, as Argentine news was bad.- The sea
board reported good Continental acceptances.
It was expected that the visible supply next
Monday would not show any further increase,
as receipts are falling off. Last year at this
time the visible increased 2,000,000 bushels.
There Is now a good domestic demand for
Wheat, and that for Flour Is Improving. The
Northwest Is selling freely, though there is
very little Wheat left up North. Liverpool is
responding better than of late, and the situa
tion seems better all around.
The local market showed no change worthy
of note.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; Milling, Jl@
1 02V4 per ctL
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — J» S2«4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — C3%
Mexican L>ol!ars, nominal 50% © 61
Exchange and Bullion,
NEW YORK, Nov. 22,-Tbe Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Americans still monopolize attention lir th«
markets here. Trading; In them to-day was ex
tensive, although there was leas exuberance
than yesterday and the dealings had reached a
London Market.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar OS Ophir 75
Crown Point 07 Plymouth '.". 10
Con Cal & Va 1 15 Quicksilver 1 25
Deadwood 67 Quicksilver prefd . 7 00
Gould & Curry 1 W) Sierra Nevada 93
Hale & Norcross.. 20'Standard ....... 2 90
Homestake 60 00 ! Union Con " J2
Iron Stiver 74 Yellow Jacket 20
Mexican 22 Bnmswtck 10
Ontario 6 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Pacific 72%
Call loans 304 J Union Land 3
Time loans 4S5 West End '. 92
Stocks— Westlnghouse El'.'.'. 52
A T & S F 33% Bonds—
A T & S F prefd... R3% Atchifion 4s 100%
American Sugar.. ..135% >j e Gas&Coke 5s. 6S<a
Am Sugar prefd.. ..116 Mining Shares—
Bell Telephone 159% Adventure 6
Boston & Albany. .249% Allouez Mln Co.... 2V.
Boston Elevated.. .157 Arnold Copper. 98%
Boston & Maine.. .193 Atlantic 27
Chgo. Bur & Q....137>4 Boston & Mont 320
Dominion Coal — 41Vi Butte & Boston... SO
Dom Coal prefd...H3 Calumrt & Hecla..S30
Federal Steel 50% Centennial ........ 19
Fed Steel prefd 75% Franklin 15U
Fltchburg prefd ...138 Humboldt 23
Oeneral'Electric ..169% Osceola 78%
Gen Elec prefd 143 IParrot B0
Ed Elec 111 215 Qulncy .160
Mexican Central... 18% Santa Fe Copper... 73^4
Mich Telephone.... 85 Tamarack ...... ...289
N E Gas & Coke.. 15 Utah Mining 35
Old Colony .../.. ..2C2 Winona 4
Old Dominion 30*4 Wolverines 45%
20,600 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 116U
17.000 C C C & St Louis 67V4
2,400 Colorado Southern 7
200 Colorado Southern l6t prefd 42»£
Colorado Southern 2d prefd IS
Delaware & Hudson 116
1.000 Delaware Lack & Western ISO
E00 Denver & Rio Grande 22%
2.200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 77U
3fO Erie 13H
3'.« Erie 1st prefd 40
4.0U0 Great Northern prefd ; 18H4
fcOO Hocking Coal 16
300 Hocking Valley 39
S.100 Illinois Central 126
600 Iowa Central 20H
Iowa Central prefd 47>4
500 Lake Erie & Western 36f 4
200 Lake Erie &. Western prefd 107
Lake Shore 210«-i
C.M0 Louisville & Nashville ". h2H
400 Manhattan L 111%
ll,3i>j Metropolitan Street Railway 173>i
200 Mexican Central 13»i
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 64
10O Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 100
14.300 Missouri Pacific B9%
ll«) Mobile & Ohio 40
300 Missouri Kansas & Texas 11%
5,600 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 37»;
300 New Jersey Central 144
2S.700 New York Central 140%
16.000 Norfolk & Western 44
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 81>4
SI.SOO Northern Pacific 72>4
14.3VO Northern Pacific prefd S3
4,300 Ontario & Western 25V*
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Orejron Railway & Nav prefd 76
2S.200 Pennsylvania 143
3.10J Reading 19
15,7(0 Reading 1st prefd C3
1.UO0 Reading 2d prefd 30»4
Rio Grande Western 65
200 Rio Grande Western prefd 94.
6,300 St Luuis & San Fran 17
100 Ft Lnuin & San Fran 1st prefd 73
2,900 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 45*i
St Louis Southwestern 14
l.KK) St Louis Southwestern prefd 33
SC.200 St Paul lJSti-i
2CO St Paul prefd 17'* 4
ICO St Paul & Omaha 121
24.0-Xl Southern Pacific 41 V ,
2.400 Southern Railway 14 H
6.200 Sr»uthern Railway prefd 63H
1.200 Texas & Pacific 13
69,000 I"nlon Pacific '. 72%
II, PC«) Union Pacific prefd ?2
Wabash 8
3.300 Waliash prefd 21%
2.900 Wheeling & Lake Erie lOVi
2. COO Wheeling & Lake Krie prefd 29H
Wisconsin Central 12
Third Avenue 112
Express Companies—
Adams 135
American 160
United States 48
Wells Fargo 132
Miscellaneous —
500 American Cotton Oil 31V4
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
600 American Malting 5
American Malting prefd 23
1S.700 American Smelting & Refining 60V$
1,200 American Smelting & Refining pfd. S3V4
American Spirits '. Hi
American Spirits prefd 17
2.100 American Steel Hoop 30'4
' American Steel Hoop prefd 77
26.4M American Steel & Wire 47
2.600 American Steel & Wire prefd 88 '
7.1M American Tin Plate 4314
200 American Tin Plate prefd SS-ii
12,i>00 American Tobaceo 110%
American Tobacco prefd ...134
3,930 Anaconda Mining Co 50%
C1.5f>0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76>i
8,400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 63^4
8,100 Continental Tobacco 37
1.20-1 Continental Tobacco prefd 94
34.6'V) Federal Steel 60%
2,60-1 Federal Steel prefd 7614
3.600 General Electric 170
Glucose Sugar 66 !
Glucose Sugar prefd 102
2.6O) International Paper 22 '
1,200 International Paper prefd 72
109 Laclede Gas 72
200 National Biscuit 2S%
National Biscuit prefd -. 92 '
200 National Lead , 20
National Lead prefd 95 ]
2,liV) National Steel Z'Vi
tOO National Steel prefd 9'U i
COO New York Air Brake 163' I
2,200 North American \&% !
Pacific Coast s bs !
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67
600 Pacific Mall 43
21.6>'O People's Can 100
1.2"0 Pressed Steel Car 5314 |
100 Pn-ssFd Steel Car prefd 85 I
200 Pullman Palace Car Ufi |
Standard Rope & Twine f.U I
9S.S50 Sugar 135H '
400 Sugar prefd ng
2.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron '',
S.800 United States Leather 1314
400 United States Leather prefd 7fi'
3.100 United States Rubber " 3514
600 United States Rubber prefd 93
l.SM Western Union 841/
3.S00 Republic Iron & Steel i*;ii
1.2^0 Republic Iron & Steel prrfd '.'. 64'*
p c c & st l ;;;
1.1S9.200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 2s ref reg 104'4!N Y Central lsts...lOS%
I- S 2s ref. coup...l04'4! N J Cent gen 5s. .126%
U S 3s reg... ...109i 4 jN Pacific 3a 71?
U S 3s coup..: 109«^,N Pacific 4s 104%
U S new 4s reg....lS7HiN Y C & St L 4S.106H
U S new 4s coup..l37H|N & W con 4s... 9S\
U S old 4s reg 115UjOr Nav Ists 109
U S old 4s coup...llSH!Or Nav 4s 104
U S 5s reg 112%jOr S Line 6s "l27
U S 5s coup 112*ijOr H Line con 6s.. 115
Dts of Col 3. 65s.... 1244 Reading Gen 4s... 89%
Atehison gen 4s....l01%!R G W Ists.. 100
Atchison adj 4s.... 86%jSt L & I M con 5r.112«A
Canada So 2ds IOS'4 St L & S F gen Cs 127
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l0H4 St Paul consols.... 174U.
Ches & Ohio 5«....I18 St P C & P Ists ..118%
C & NW con 7s... .140 St P C & P Ss 119*4
C & NWSFdeb 5s. 113 So Pacinc 4s '.. 83%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 93 Po Railway 5s 112%
Colo Southern 4s.. S4 Stand R & T 6s 71U
P & R G 4s 100 Tex & Pac Ists...'!ll6
Erie General 4s.... 741i Tex & Pac 2d* 82
F W & D C lets.... 76 Union Pacific 4s...lO6V4
General Elec 5s...l43Mt Wabash Ists 116»*
Iowa Central Ists. 116% Wabash 2ds 104T4
L & N Unl 4s S»%hv>Kt Shore 4s 114
M K & T 2ds 70H!WIs Central Ists.. 87^4
M K & T 4s 93% 'Va Centuries 92
. The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
ltst season, and rainfall in the last tweaty
lour hours:
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 2C-5 p. m.
lT-th Meridian-racific Time.)
Weather Report.
"Nuts are going out very well to the con
suming trade. Walnuts are scarce anil
ttrcng-er. .New Gmiobles are :>art!cularly hor>l
to find, with the price very firm at llV^c, anl
some holders aakir.g ll^c. Almonds are qultt."
•¦Raisins continue easy, and deliveries are
quite heavy. Trade is light. Not much ln
tcresx. is taken in new Imported Valencia,
raisins, but there is a very good demnjil Tor
Ma^ajrafi lor the holiday trade. Uiipsele-1
jieaches are in better demand, and 6om / j in
quiry is noted for peeled. Apricots are firm,
but rather quiet. Pears are dull and easy.
Currants are steady and In ia<r demand. Ap
ples continue strong and a trtfle higher, ihe
rjxjt market now being linn at irom f>'«S5Hc
No r'tund lot sales of epot were reported. De
cember delivery is firm at 4*4C, lales ol *ever«U
cars bf>ir.g trade at that figure.
the coast materially by purchases of outside
I runes. It was reported yesterday, however,
that a good rour.d lot of the four sizes, out
eide goods, has Just been bought from the coast
by a local house at a considerable reduction
under association figures. Details were not
given out, however.
Mail advices from New York eay: "The
feeling of the local market on prunes continues
to Improve and demand at the moment Is good
Eizes 50-COs and C0-70s are In especially ecoJ
request &.sd the smaller sizes also are erclng
out more freely. Oregcns are selling well also
at full quotations. The opinion of the trsuli
here seems to be quite general that the Cured
Dried Fruit in New York.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Harvey L. Ross to J. H. Wood, lot on SW
W 150 by S 100. beln* a portion of lot 5 block
a. map of property of College Homestead As
sociation. Berkeley; $10. "" "° m ««e»« *¦"
Niels Rasmussen (single) to Daniel TV \tn
Donald, lot 6. block D. Golden Gate Tract.' Oak
land; *10. '
Mary E. Holton (by attorney) and Luther J
Holton <and as attorney) to W. J. Mnrtim»r*
lot on SE corner of Home street and Berkeley
way. S 89 by E SO. being a portion of . lot '1
block B. Map of Villa lot* adjoining the unl'
verslty site on the west. Berkeley; $10
W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to RooJtwoo-1
Flint, lot on E lino of Home street 45 S n f
Berkeley way. S 44 by E 50. being a portion
of lot 21. block B. map of same. Berkeley- lift
Charles T. and Hlllma C. Canon to George
H. Lee. lots 9. 10. 31 and 32. block 7 w» o
Allenriale Tract. Brooklyn Township-" $10
Walter D. Bruce to Sarah K. Bruce, lot on
SE corner of Central avenue and CamDheil
Same to Charles B. Crane, lot 14, same Berke
ley: no.
Same to Andrew C. Lawson. lots 18 and 17
same. Berkeley; $10. *
Same to Paris Kilburn, lot 19. same, Berkeley
$10.
Same to Pe Winter, lots < and 23. same
Berkeley: $10. *
Same to Sidney D. Townley, lot 14 name
Berkeley: $10.
Same to Nellie W. Montague, lot 27 same
Berkeley; $10.
Jane Watson Thomas (widow) to Mary B.
Rltter. lot 4. Map of La Loma Park. Berkeley
$10.
Same to Olivia O. Holmes, lots 11 and IX
same, Berkeley: $1".
Ida M. and William W. White to Cornelius
Monahan (single), lot on NW line of Four
teenth avenue, 113.49 NE of East Twenty-thini
street. NE 38. 7S. NW 16T.84. SW 37. SE 15« 23
to beginning, being a portion of block 141,
Clinton. East Oakland: $200.
Elizabeth E. and J. E. Bacon to P. Basche
and E. S. Fanll. lot on W line of Twenty
fourth avenue. CO N of East Twenty-first street.
N 23, W 118:10. S 75. E 118:10 to beginning,
quitclaim deed. East Oakland: $1.
John Davidson to John Center, lot on NT3
line of East Twentieth street. 139.66 SE of
Twenty-fourth avenue, SE 35 by NE 150. bains;
a portion of block M. subdivision 50. Associates
Tract. East Oakland: $10.
George W. Spencer to Elizabeth E. Bpeneer.
lot on W line of Center street. 64:3 3 of Ninth.
S 30 by W 91-.7V4: also lot on NE corner of
Cypress and Eighth streets, E 100 by N 130,
Oakland; gift.
Kathertne V. Kllnkser (executrix estat«
Charles A. Kllnkner) to John A. 'Wood, lot 3.
block I. on Amended Map Butler Tract. Oak
land: 1925.
Clara Koch (widow), to N. Rlenecker, lot on
S l'ne of Eagle avenue. 310:11% E of Evsrett
street. 8 110:5 by E 11. being a portion of lot
3. block 3, Jenks & Mead Homestead Tract.
Alameda; $10.
John Eaoejo to Louis Espejo. lot on N 1 11ns
of.Bonton avenue, 75 E of Twelfth street. E
23 by N 140. being the E half of lot 4. block
A. Kllnknervtlle Tract, quitclaim deed. Oak
land; $10.
Ciaude E. and Amelia B. Lee to John E»
Castlne. lot 14. block A. Melrosa's Station
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Alameda Savings Bank to JI. E. Aokerson.
lot on E line of Sherman street. ISO X o(
Central avenue, N J5 by E 150, lot 47. block 20.
Fitch Homestead Tract. Alameda; $1000;
Georse Woods to Georg* E. "Woods, lot 13,
block 122. on Corrected Map Raymond Tract,
Berkeley; J10. »
John Quaid to Christopher A. Mulvey. lot on
N line of Third street. 96 E of Filbert. E 23
by N 94. lot S and E 4 feet lot 7. block 4S1.
Map of Adeline and Market Street Homestead.
Oakland; $10.
Harold S. and Marie Andresen to JaxaM H.
Jackson, lot on N line of Third street. 100 W
of Harrison. W 23 by N 100. lot 14. block 33.
Kellersberger's Map. Oakland: $1200.
Samuel Wilson to Frank M. Wilson, rerecord
738 D. 80. lot 4 and X half lot 8, block 22.
Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley: $19.
Martin Ebeloe to Sidsel Ebeloe. lot 8, block
H. Stone Tract, Brooklyn Township; gift.
Thomas F. ChatfleU to F. W. Clough. lot
on SW line of East Twelfth street, extended
distant SW 534 from 8W line of East Four
teenth street and SE 1439.85 from point of In
tersection of W corner of East Fourteenth
street and Twenty-fifth avenue, thence NW 60,
SW 130. NW SO. SW 63.21. SB 140.J2. NE 221S3
to beginning, being a portion of lota 7 and •
on map of subdivision Requa Homestead,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
C. H. and Ida L. McLenahen to Louis Titus,
lot on W line of Prospect street. 400 8 of Chaa
nlng way. S 100 by W 200, lot 6. block B. en
map of subdivided block B. Berkeley property,
subject to a mortgage for $2000. Berkeley; $100.
Frank S. Oliver to Lottie H. Titus, lot on SE
corner of Durint and Telegraph avenues, E til
by S 90. lot L block 10. Collej-9 Homestead.
Berkeley: $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Ernest and
Bertha Krtske, lot on E line of Ellsworth
street, 89:8 N of Parker it. N 44:10 by E 127:6,
lot 17, block B, Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $400.
Myron and Rebecca Wurts to Frefl A, Bler
wlrth. lot on S line of Tompklns or Oregon
street 160 W of Ralston or Grant street. W SO
by S 135. being the W 80 feet of lot t. block ».
map of State University Homestead Associa
tion No. 3. Berkeley : $10.
send {single), lot on SE line of Thirteenth ave
nue. 110 NE of East Twenty-first street. NE
40 by SE 100. block in Clinton. East Oakland:
; »io.
L. 2.1. "Williamson t-> Frai W. Fosa. lot on
E line of Shattuck avenue, 160.21 S of Center
street. E 109.53. N :4. V 1OU6. S :4 1-10 to be
ginning, being a port. on of lot 3. block B,
Berkeley property maps 1 and 2. Blake Tract.
Berkeley; $30.
Fred W. and Anna M. Foss to L. M. William
son (single), lot on E lire of Shattuck avenue.
1?4.56 S of Center street. E 113.53. N :4. W 11X36.
S :4 1-10 to beginning, portion ot lot t. block
B. same; $50.
Louisa Barling (widow) to Kathertne S. Bas
iell (single), rerecord 674 D. 338. lot on S lino
of Bristol street, 175 E of Hamilton. E 23 by
S 123. being the E 23 feet of lot 31. range 7.
Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $10.
A. Mecartney to Mary A. Barneat. lots S and
6. block 1. Chapln Tract, Alameda (quitclaim
deed); t».
F. Mathlesen to Elizabeth H. Vineyard, all
of plat E. Ladd Tract, town of Llvermore.
Murray Tbwnshlp; $7.
Mary A. (by attorney) and A. V. Tnohy, ana
as ' attorney to Margaret Thompson, lot 14.
block G, of Tuohys second addition to town
of Berkeley, Oakland Township; $1<X
F. W. Fry to John Erickson. lot on W Una
of Hannah street. 135 S of Second or A, S 15
by W 133. being the S 15 feet of lot 9 and N 10
feet of lot 10. block O. map of lands of Peralta
Homestead Association. Oakland; $474
M. B. White to S. V. White, lot on 8 Una
of Thirty-eighth street, 3M ff of Telegraph
avenue, W 100. S 144:10%. E 1C0. N 144:11 to be
ginning, being lot» 23 and 23. Perrtn Tract.
Oakland; 110.
Patrick Conroy to Mary Conroy, lot on N
line of West Third street, ICO E of Linden. E
25 by N 94. lot 8. block 4S0, map of Adeline
and Market Street Homestead. Oakland; Blit.
Karl H. Nickel (single) to Ed Sf^Campbell,
lot on NE line of Spring street. ISO SE 01 PJfd"
mont avenue, SE 35. NE 113.205. NW 35.042.
SW 114.91 to beginning, lot 7 and NW t feet
of lot 8. Spring Tract. Oakland; JW.
Harry L. Holcomb (single) to Edward M.
Walsh, lot 5. block D. Sather Tract. Oakland;
Sidney and Jane Lovell to William VT¦Brn
ner.lot on SE Una of Eleventh avenue. 100 SW
of East Twenty-second street. BV> MO W SB
150. block 130. Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Jane Watson Thomas (widow) to Ernst A.
Denlcke. lota 5 and 13, map of La Loma. Park.
Berkeley* $10
Levlna'c. Cushln* to C. M. Mlkkelsen, lot
12. map of Henry and Phillip* subdivision of
Bray Tract. Brooklyn Township: *10.
R. W. and Louise T. Graft to Frtta Boehmer.
lot 16. block 20. map of North Alameda Tract.
Brooklyn Township; HO.
Mathilda Meetz (executrix of the estate of
Theodor Meetz. deceased) to Loui9 and G.
Bruzzone. all Interest in parcel of land bounded
S by Buena Vista avenue. W by Concordla.
street. N by Marsh line of segregation between
marsh and high lands and E by right otjra.y
of Southern Paeine- Company. Alameda.; $3000.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Ken
nerley Bryan, lot 33. block; I*. Linda. Vista Ter
race. Map 2. Oakland: $10.
, H. S. Lindsay to Kathryn Montgomery. lot
on W line of West street. 40 S of Thirty-third.
S 45 by W 116:3. portion block H. map of the
Central Land Company, subject to a mortgage
for $1500. Oakland; K6C0.
J. anu Henrietta M. MacGregor to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on N lino of
Fifty-fourth rtreet (formerly Central avenue).
475 E of Park Btreet. E 73 by N 100. lot 24. and
E half of lot 23. block B. Parsons' Golden Gate
Tract. Oakland: also lot on S line of Webster
avenue 130 W of Linda. W 30 by S 100. portion
lot 5, Glen Echo Tract. Mao 2. Oakland; also
lot on SE corner of Weston avenue (now Thir
ty-eighth street) and Gold street. S 150. E 100.
N 30. W 70. N 120. W 30 to beginning, lots 4
and S, block C. Broadway and Telegraph Ava
nne Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Frank C. and Clara L. Howe to Matilda Wid
ell lot on NE line of East Seventeenth street,
100 NW of Sixth avenue. NW 2i by NE 100,
portion block 99, Clinton, East Oakland: J10.
Anna M. Lies* (widow) to Carl Schley. lot on
SW line of East Fourteenth street. 37:6 NE of
Twentieth avenue, SE 37:4 by SW 140, block
9, San Antonio, East Oakland; S10.
Hartland and Ada Law to L. H. Sly, lot on
S line of Dwlsht way. J16.9O W of ShaUuck
avenue. SO by S 123.65. portion plat 63. Itaacho
V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley; $10. . . ..
Silver a fraction weaker.
Wheat seems to be working into better shape.
Oats in good demand and firm. Other cereals unchanged.
Nothing new in Hay and Fecdstuffs.
Beans continue firm, with light receipts and a good demand.
Potatoes higher, ozving to the storm.
Onions advanced. Tomatoes very scarce.
No furtlicr advance in Butter and Eggs. Cheese steady.
Apples higher and Pears firm. Citrus fruits unchanged.
Provisions in moderate demand at unchanged quotations*
Hides quiet and none too steady.
Meat market as before quoted.
Poultry steady and Game very firm.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THURSDAY. Nov. 22— t p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 C3!Justice 02 03
Alta 01 02iKentuck C2 04
Andes 04 05|Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 17 19j Mexican 27 JS
Best & Belcher. 22 23J Occidental 06 08
Bullion 02 04 Ophir .*. S3 84
Caledonia 3S 40iO\-ennan 07 OS
Chollar 11 12 Potosl IS 20
Challenge Con.. 23 25 'Savage 15 n
Confidence 67 60 Scorpion — *04
Con Cal & Va..l 30 1 35Seg Belcher.... 04 05
Con Imperial... — Oil Sierra Nevada. 3S 33
Con New York. — 02i Stiver Hill 46 43
Eureka Con — — 35; St Louis 10 —
Crown Point.... CS 10 Standard 3 20 —
Exchequer ..*.. — 03 Syndicate 07 — .
Gould & Curry. 1 15 1 2O Union Con 13 15
Hale & Norcra. 24 26'i;taJi 07 08
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 23 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
Following were the sales in the San Francisco '
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
ICO Belcher IS 4OO'Savag» 15
100 Mexican 25 .
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia 39 1 600 Overman 07
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 200 Potosl is
100 Con Cal & Va..l 25 300 Silver Hill 45
100 Gould & Curry. 1 15 200 Silver Hill 43
ICO Ophlr 82
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Con Cal & V.I 27>4 500 Crown Point.. 09
200 Con Cal & V...1 30 700 Gould & Curry. 1 15
. • . Afternoon Session.
200 Bept & Belcher. 22 200 Gould ft Curry 1 15
200 Caledonia 33 300 Ophir. 8S
400 Con Cal & V...1 30 400 Silver Hill 46
300 Con Cal & V.I 32V4'
20 Kern River 18 00
500 McKlttrlck Consolidated 80
300 McKittrick Consolidated 73
500 Monte Crlsto 145
15 Oil City Petroleum 34 60
10CO Petroleum Center 15
35 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 9 SO
600 Yukon ' 42
Street—
125 Independence 22
230 Occidental of W Va 62
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Caribou .' ,. R)
SO Home Oil 445
100 McKlttrlck Consolidated 79
100 McKittrick Consolidated 77
1000 Petroleum Center 15
1300 Petroleum Center 16
50 Stt-rling O & D Co 2 63
Street—
600 Yukon to
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 California Standard 82
10O Caribou 44
100 Caribou 43
100 Kern Oil Co 9 00
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 — 1 First National.?** 300
Bank o' Oil... — — j«Lon P & A.. .140 —
Cal S D & T. — 105 I Merchants' Kx 1* IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L _ 1900 Sav & L So... *1
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav-Bk... E0 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav Un...515 : —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....123 130 ,O S L & H.... 33 4«4
Geary-st — 47V4 Presidio "T K
Market-st 63H — I
POWDER STOCKS.
Callfornta .... — jro Vigorit *% Pii
Giant Con Co.. 83U 84 '
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7% 7% Kilauea S Co. 20% —
Haw C & S Co S4!i 87 Makaweli S Co 4lVs 42'i
Honokaa S Co. 31 31«4 Onomea S Co. 29 —
clutch H V Co. 25ij 26 iPaauhau S Co. 31tt 31H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Asn.124 123 Pac A F A.... 3 —
Cal Fruit Asn. — 105 Pac C Bor Co. — 13J
Mer Kx Assn.. ?7 im> Par Paint Co.. 124 —
Oceanic S Co.. 98 —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Hana Plantation Co •'• ' ST'i
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 84 624
13 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 00
10 Makaweli Sugar Co 42 00
40 Paauhau S P Co 31 12%
120 S F Gas & Electric Co 4J 87Vi
20 S F Gas & Electric Co *» 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 62»4
10 & F Gas & Electric Co....'. 49 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
X23 Hana Plantation Co 1 «2H
25 Hana Plantation Co 1 "5
420 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 25 75
60 Paauhau S P Co 31 12*4
60 8 F Gaa & Electric Co 49 37*,
100 S F Gaa & Electric Co 49 25
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 12H
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 43 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 30 49 375,
Street—
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 119 73
$5000 S V ft (M Mortgage) 103 50
J.5000 Stockton Gas & Elec Light bonds... 101 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Flour, qr sks 21.593 Pelts, bdls 165
Barley, ctls 5.51% Wine, gals 90.2CO
Wheat, ctls 4.12f» Sugar, ctls. 7,300
Beans, sks 520 Raisins, bxs 2.40O
Potatoes, sks 2,P«1 Brandy, gals 7.6OO
Onions. ?ks 7. r .0 Tallow, ctls 271
Bran, sks 1,025 Lime, bbls 91
Middlings, sks.... 150 Hifljes. bdls 184
Shorts, sks 2*>ILeather, rolls 41
Wool, bales 277 Butter, ctls 263
Hops, bales 30 1 Cheese, ctls 194
Hay. tons 65 Eggs, doz 10,980
Flour, qr sks 2.016 i
FOR THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 22.
Receipts of Produce.
COAL— Wellington. J9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, }9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. J7; Coos
Bay, t5 50; Waliser.d. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. {9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 £5 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. J14; Can
nel, 912 per ton; Coke, *15 per ton in bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
JS 45 per 2000 lbs and %% 50 per ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR— The 'Western Sugrar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lt> bags:
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered. 5.73c; Candy Gran
ulated 5.73c; Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 5. Roc; Magnolia A, 6.25c; Extra C.
5.15c- Golden C. 5.05c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrtls. 25c more; boxes, r.Oc more; 50-Ib bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes. 6.65c per lb.
BAGS— Snn Quentln Bacrs, fo 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July. 6%e; Wool Bags,
2S%<332%c; Fleece Twine. "He; Fruit Bags. 6%
©6%c; for white and S>4@S%c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%©Sc; Ewea, 7@7%c per
round.
LAMB— 8g9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%e for small and 5"$c for
medium and 6\4@"5?ic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5®5Vic; dressed Hogs, 7%©SVsC.
VEAL— Large, 7%®Sc; small. S%®9c per lb:
"BEEF — 6®7c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb for
Cows.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6%@Sc: do lambs'. 8
<59c; Middle County, 9©10c; Northern Mountain,
free, lfi'rfllc: Southern Mountain. 7%@S%c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— ll%@15c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands se.ll
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8%@9c; Cow
hides, 8%@9c; Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c;
Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides.
16c; culls. 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf.. WUYIc:
culls and brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20t»'30c each; short Wool, 3CK&50C each; medium,
60(tS.'.c; long Wool. 75c@$l each; Horse Hides,
salt, 12 50 for large and $2 for medium. $1 50
for small and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large. $1 CO for medium. $1 23 for small
and 2C@50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins, 17HS20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4<g4%c per lb; No.
2. 3%c; grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL — Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective. 12
<&'t4c; Middle County, free. 14@16c: Middle
County, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. ll@12e; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', Sffllc; Humboldt and Mendocino,
16!??17c; Nevada, 13iffl6c per lb.
Hides are quoted quiet and dealers rather ex
pect lower prices In the near future. Other de
scriptions under this head are unchanged.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c;
10-lb tins. 9»; C ; 5-lb tins. 9Tic.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. SX.C-. three
half-barrels, SVic; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
Sc; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
CUItED MEATS— Bacon, 10%Sllc per lb for
heavy. ll%@l2c for light medium, 12%c for
light. 13%c for extra light and 14%®15c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, ll%c;
Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Family. $13 50 : extra Prime Pork. $16: extra
clear, »19 50; Mess. {13; Smoked Beef. 13c per
lb. 1
Previous prices are quoted. The demand Is
fair, but nothing extra.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13%®14%e for bright and 12%
<fU3c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7»*<iiSc; light ember, extracted, 7@7%c; dark,
6<&'6%c r*r lb.
BEESWAX— 241516c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6®7c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshell, lie; No. 7, 8c; No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No. 2, 714c; Almonds, 12®13c for papershell,
9ffllc for softshell; Peanuts, 5fl6c for East
ern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans. 11
O13c: Cocoanuts. {3 50(f?5.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers" Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas—
Fancy, 10%c per lb: choice. 9%c; standard. 8%c;
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless.
EO-lb boxes. 6%c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, t
crown, ?1 60 per box; 3-crown, $1 €0; Fancy
Ousters. $2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 3c;
40-50s. 7c: 50-SOs. 5%c: 6O-7Os, 3*4c: 70-80s. 3%c;
SO-SOs, 2%c; 90-100s, 2Uc; 100a and over, 2c; ru
bles. Uc premium: Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qulns, %c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6jJ
8c for Royals and lO'S'lHic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples; 5@6c; sun-dried, 3%£?4%c;
Peaches. 4%<£oc for standard, 5@€c for choice
and 7@7%c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, 5@6U C ; unpltted, l@l%c; Nectarines. 5®
6%c for red and 5%®Gc for white. ¦
Dried Fruits, 'Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Apples are doing better, ' as will be seen.
Pears axe also firm.
There Is no change In citrus fruits.
No berries came In. Grapes were very scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—33@60c per box for common and
6!Jc<!?$l for good to choice; SpltzenberE*s 75c©
$1 25; Oregon Spitzenbergs, $1 25@1 50.
PEARS— 60c<S$l 23 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 73@S5c per box.
' CRANBERRIES— Capo Cod, $11011 50 per
barrel; Ccoa Bay. $2 2."W2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— None arrived.
RASPBERRIES— None arrived.
GRAPES— 65®S3c per small box and per
crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 PO02 75;
Seedlings, $l«tl 75: Tangerines. - %l TT^tX 50:
Lemons. 25c®$l 25 for common and $1 50<?T2 75
for good to choice; Grape Fruit, $2@3; Mexi
can Limes, $404 60; California Limes, 25t?35c:
Bananas, |l 75@2 50 per. bunch; Pineapples, J2@
3 50 per dozen. ,
fair and 35@37%c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern, 22%@>80c. f-li ; - '-:.' ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 19OU.
WASHINGTON, Nov. . 22.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the 1130,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, 5135.9S6.418; gold, $32,414,259.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Money on call,
steady, at 3@4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 4@4»i per cent; ster
ling exchange, firm, with actual business In
bankers' bills at $4 84*i for demand and at $4-81
for 60 days: posted rates. $4 82 and U 85%; com
mercial bills. $4 80^<8'4 80%; silver certificates,
W&tohbc; bar silver. 63%c; Mexican dollars,
50c; Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
Inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
NOVEMBER.
v.i t. [ r. 1 s.
1900.
8. I M. I T.
W.
T.
Moon's Phases.
¦• *•-•-•
! 2 3 pv Full Moon.
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 JtOTimtw 13.
dNerr Moon,
Xovemlxir a.
25 I 26 27 28 » I SO j
-jk First Quarter,
j-^ Novemb«r 23.
rm
:j
s ii
:r»;
; s,
This
Season.
[ Last
j Season.
1 1'
_r
14.23
U.44
5.99
| "-V
6.34
6.5>6
7.58
4.i">
I 2.Zt>
"4
XX
2.14
S.C6
j d!s4
H
€.€1
• ¦¦
£1
I.IS
! 1.2S
NOVEMBER.
v.i t. [ r. 1 s.
1900.
8. I M. I T.
W.
T.
Moon's Phases.
¦• *•-•-•
! 2 3 pv Full Moon.
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 JtOTimtw 13.
dNerr Moon,
Xovemlxir a.
25 I 26 27 28 » I SO j
-jk First Quarter,
j-^ Novemb«r 23.
rm
:j
s ii
:r»;
; s,
This
Season.
[ Last
j Season.
1 1'
_r
14.23
U.44
5.99
| "-V
6.34
6.5>6
7.58
4.i">
I 2.Zt>
"4
XX
2.14
S.C6
j d!s4
H
€.€1
• ¦¦
£1
I.IS
! 1.2S
AUCTION SALES
j£z AUCTION SALE! £gv
80 MULBS-60 HORSES I
By order of McMurtrle & Stone, I will sell at
public auction, on the R. B. Armstrong ranch,
two miles souMiwest of Davtsvllle. on
SATURDAY ."November 24. lOOO.
AT 10 A. M.
80 HEAD OF MULES,
Weighing from lOOO to 1400 pounds, all broken
and in good ;ondition. FORTT SETS OP
CHAIN HARN5SS Single and Double Buggy
Harness. 2> Palm Lead Bars. Single
Buggy, 2- Horse Wagon, etc.
At the same tim» |»nd place by order of J. B.
Nightingale. I will sell
SIXTY HEAD OP DRIVING AND DRAUGHT
MARES AND GELDINGS.
Weighing from 10O to 160O pounds, broken ana
unbroken. Mares In foal. Yearlings and
two-year-olds.
Sale can be held under cover, and will take
place ratn or shine and without limit or reserve.
TERMS CASH. Free Lunch Will B* Served.
•v ¦-¦»¦¦'¦¦» W H. HORD, Auctioneer.MLLE. FROU-FROU, A MAG
NIFICENTLY GOWNED DOLL
FROM PARIS.
Unknown Drowned Man Found.
The body of an unknown old man badly
decomposed was found floating In the
bay near Fort Point yesterday afternoon
by .William Barlow, a : fisherman. No
property of any. kind, excepting a' pair of
spectacles, was found on the body. The
remains are at the Morgue awaiting Iden
tification. -*$&gimmM
George R. Munroe. aged 80 years, resid
ing at 4096. Seventeenth street,- was killed
yesterday while painting a house, 783
Stevenson street. Munroe was the owner
of the property on which he lost his life.
He undertook to paint the exterior and
while worklnp en the rear side he rlg-ged
up a sling,. into which he placed. himself,
and while raising the crude apparatus the
rope broke and precipitated him a dis
tance of thirty feet. He struck a lot of
lumber which wan lying In the yard. The
ambulance was sent from the
Hospital, but upon Its arrival Dr. Starr
pronounced Munroe's injuries fatal.:
An Old Man Killed by a Tall.
A: pretty marriage ceremon^ was cele
brated at the , Methodist Chinese Mission
on Washington street last evening, the
contracting parties being . Miss Bertie
Locke, a Christianized Chinese woman,
and N. G. Yung, who conducts a ranch In
Haywards. The chapel was tastefully
decorated and the bridal party numbered
twenty Chinese girls from the mission.
Dr. Bouvard, assisted by Dr. Gardner,
performed the ceremony.
Married in Chinese Mission.
This Is Hynes' last week at the Orph
eum and the clubs have se'ected Friday
night as the most suitable time for a
really fine demonstration jf tnelr nppre
cintion of all he has done for them in :he
past. The Press Club will turn out In a
body and in .addition to other organiza
tions will be* the Young Men's Institute
and. the League of the Cross Cadets. A
large turnout from the Olympic Club is
also expected. There Is hardly a cluh In
San Francisco which has not been aided
at one time or another by Hynes and tho
committee having this matter in hand in
vites them all to attend the Orpheum on
Friday night and tell "B'lly" "Thank
you!"
A number of the local clubs to whose
Jinks, benefits and other celebrations
"Billy" Hynes. now W. J. Hynes at tho
Orpheum. has contributed his talents, will
attend the Orpheum in as great strength
as possible to-night to show Hynes their
appreciation for past favors. Representa
tives of at least six clubs will be present
and each club is going to do Its best to
outdo the others In demonstration of con
gratulation to "Billy" on his vaudeville
Will Honor Billy Hynes.
General Greene, a Prominent Eastern
Business Man, .Visits San
Francisco.
General Francis V. Greene, for many'
years a popular officer In the regular
army, arrived here from New York yes
terday and will spend some time on the
coast sight seeing. He has taken apart
ments at the Palace. General Greene is a
retired engineer and contractor and he
was also at one time largely interested in
the Trinidad asphalt syndicate.
When the Spanish-American war broke
out he offered his services and President
McKlnley made him a brigadier general
of the volunteers. He reported to Major
General Merrltt in this city and had com
mand of tho second expedition leaving
here for the Philippines In the summer
of 1898.
General Greene was with Merrltt when
Manila capitulated. He is a graduate of
West Point.
MAN WHO LED VOLUNTEERS
ON VISIT TO THE COAST
MUSICAL FUND SOCIETY
CELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY
Members Spend a Pleasant Evening
Together and Present Badges
to tho Veterans.
Members of the Musical Fund Society
assembled In n. downtown restaurant last
night and celebrated the thirty-seventh
anniversary of the organization. The
tables were laid to accommodate the en
tire strength of the society and not a
chair was vacant.
The anniversary banquet was a very
pleasant affair, the members spending
many hours in dispatching fine dishes and
In listening to stories and witty responses
to toasts. P. Johannsen acted as master
of ceremonies and E. E. Schmitz was
toast-master.
During the evening veteran badges were
presented to those who had been mem
bers of the society for twenty-five years.
Epworth League Rally.
A quarterly rally was held last evening
Jn the Howard-street M. E. Church by the
members of the Epworth League Alliance.
The programme was as follows:
Pralne service, conducted by A. B. Weeks
chorister of tho Alliance; prayer. Rev John
A. BL Wllnon. D.D.. pastor Howard Street M
E. Church; business of the convention' ad
drew, "The Forward Movement," Arthur II
5 rl f K8 'w5 D> i Ie i b * rt F - nri KK»: anthfm. "We
Praise Thee. O God" (Th. Spencer-Lloyd), so
loist*, the Misses Mattle and Pearl Whlttlne
r - ?*' D «« N I obIe ' Anson Hilton; address,
California, 1901," Rev. J. N. Beard D D
rastor Grace M. E. Church; vocal duet "My
Faith Looks Up to Thee" (Basstoro 1 ). Misses
Mabel and Kt hoi Perkins: address "The Out
look for the Twentieth Century," Rev E n
ptlle. D.D., pagtor First M. E. Church. Oak
land: bass solo, "How Lon«r Wilt Thou Forret
Me?" (Mletzke), Anson Hilton; benediction^
At the conclusion of the programme the
young people of Howard-street Leairue
held a reception and served refreshments
In the church parlors.
To Honor the Director.
Golden Gate Council of the Young Men's
Institute will give a grand ball and ban
quet in Golden Gate Hall on the night of
the 28th Inst. In honor of Supreme Dree
tor F. J. Drlacoll. For the first tlme^n
the history of the order In this city the
council named will conduct an affair in
the social line 30 that the members and
their gentleman and lady friends mav en
Joy the festivities of ball and banquet
thessame evening.
San Jose Merchant Insolvent.
O. T. Jamison, a commission merchant
of Ban Jose, filed a petition in Insolvency
yeBterday in the United States District
Court. Hid liabilities are $1,136 58 and he
has no asBeta.
BASTINGS LAW COLLEGE
WINS STUDENTS' DEBATB
Discussion on Municipal Ownership
of Utilities Decided in Favor of
the Lawyers.
BKRKni-KY. Nov. 22.— The Hastings
fjfjw College won the debate to-niirht with
the Students' Congress of the UnJvers'ty
of California.
The debate \ras he'd at Stiles Hall, the
presiding offirw being J. H. Eteinhart and
the judges Frederick Barton. Archibald
Cloud and E. Mrron Wolf. The question
was. "Resolved. That munlclpallfes
should own and operate plants for the
supply of light, water and surface trans
portation."
The law college had the affirmative,
with R. E. Hudson. Walter Rothsch'ld
and F. R. Altken. and the Students' Con
trr^ss had the negative, with Alexander
Adler. D. S. McGarry and Monroe E.
Deutsch in charge
• • •
UNIVERSITY OF. CALIFORNIA
BERKELEY. Nov. 22.-A university meet
ing will be hc!d to-morrow morning at
11:15 o'clock in the trymnasium. Regent
Aldeti Anderton. Speaker of the last As
sembly, and President Wheeler will <Je
.iver addresses.
• • •
M!ss Alfr^da Mitchell and Hiram Binjr
hatn were married Wednesday at the
br me of the bride's parents, air. and Mrs.
A. F. Mitchell, in New London. Conn. Mr
Hlnghem received his M. A. degree from
California in 1S99 and taught President
Wheeler's Greek history classes while -he
last named was East. He is a Yale grad
uate. Miss Mitchell Is an accomplished
Eastern girl.
• • •
The women students of th«» University
of California have be*>n Invited to com
pete for a prize of $1000 offered by the
Association for Promoting Scientific Re
farch by Women for the best theses pre
sented by a woman on a flclentiflo sub
let, embodying the results of her inde
pendent laboratory research in any part
Of the field covered by the biological,
chemical and physical sciences The
'l"T<?r> mUSt hC Complete<1 by December
WOMAN LAWYER ADDRESSES
THE CO-EDS AT BERKELEY
BERKELEY, Nov. 22,-Mrs. Edith Ellen
roster, a distinguished lawyer and Red
fross worker of Washington, D. C ad
dressed the women students of the Uni
versity of California in east hall to
day noon. She told of what the Red
Tross Society had done for the world In
reneral and touched lightly on the
Peace Conference at The Hague. The
Ir-cture was largely attended by women
?tudents.
UNION LABOR WINS
VICTORY IN COURT
Jury Decides That Geider
Is Not Entitled to
Damages.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Nov. 22.
A Jury in Justice Qulnn's court decided,
after deliberating a few minutes this
evening, that John Geider was not en
titled to 1239 damages against the Interna
tional Cigar-makers' Union No. 253 of
America, for causing him a loss of busi
ness by means of a boycott. The jury w<w
rot unanimous in Its decision, standing
nine to three when polled at the request
of the plaintiff's attorney, and It Is likely
that an appeal will be taken.
The trial of the case has been going on
for the last five days and there has been
present every day a large representation
of labor union men. Great Interest was
taken in the outcome, for upon It depeno
ed In a measure the right of labor unions
to declare boycotts against persons who
antagonize them.<
Gelder's offenses against the union date
back, according to the official organ of
the trade, to 1S97. when he was under sus
pension for non-payment of dues. He is
charged with selling Chinese-made cigars,
placing labels en non-union cigars, repre
senting them as union-made and misrep
resenting the label to consumers of cigars
during the time of his suspension, which
he had no right to do. For these viola
tions of union law he was fined $25. which
he refused to pay. Subsequently Geider
was boycotted and union men were for
bidden 'to trade with him, notices and
circulars having been sent to all the labor
organizations in the vicinity.
A specific case against Geider Is that he
1* alleged to have sold a box of non-union
cigars to a union blacksmith named
Perry, representing it to contain union
made goods. When Perry discovered that
the box did not bear the label he brought
it back to GHder. who put an Interna
tional Labor Union '.abel upon it. stating
that was sufficient. It developed during
the trial that the International label is
not valid unless accompanied by the seal
of the Pacific Coast Blue Label League.
Gelder's father, who was nut on the
stand this morning, stated that it was his
understanding that It Is not a rule of tho
unions that union labels should be put on
good cigars— that they were only meant
to be put on the cheaper brands. In reply
to questions b*» uaid that he considered
a cigar at *G0 a thousand one of the
pheaDer brands.
J. Fibusch was put on by the defense in
rebuttal of Geider to show that a $0) cigar
Is a good cigar. He *ald that he had ai
way« understood that the union required
labels on all cigars, whether they were
cheap or good. He was substantiated in
hi* statements by Levl Barr and J. F.
Bima.
The entire afternoon wan taken up with
th»* arguments. Attorney J. E. McElroy
called the Jury's attention to the rules
of the International Cigar-makers' Union,
which required that the coast label should
accompany the International Union label
and pointed out Gelder's direct violation
of them and his defiance of all union laws.
Attorney McVev. for the plaintiff, said
that It had not been shown that a rule
of the kind had ever been adopted. Tt
required written rules to prove that
Geider had violated any particular mlo
end not one that had become recognized
by custom.
Alameda Merchants to Meet.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 22.— A meeting of the
merchants of this city has been calleu
for to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock. In the
murtroom of the Justice of the Peace.
The object of the gatfcrring is to organize
an assodation of the iocal dealers In dif
ferent lines of business Several officials
Df the California Grocer*' and Retail Mer
chants' Association of San Francisco will
oe present and deliver brief addresses.
Deplores Hebbard's Decision.
The Building Trades Council has Issued
a statement deploring the recent decision
of Superior Judge Hebbard. In which cer-'
tain offices of the city and county were
held not to be subiect to the civil ser
vice provisions of the charter. The de
cision is regarded as a severe blow to the
merit system and tending to Impair the
present Htandard of excellence of depart
mental labor. The council has also Issued
a statement flatly denying the reported
claims of certain members of the Mill-
Owners' Association that the union mill
men are returning to work and declaring
that the men are absolutlev confident of
ultimate victory In tho contest.
Bacon Heirs Enter Denial.
OAKLAND. Nov. 22.— The Bacon heirs
:o-dav filed an answer to the suit* that
inve* been brought against them by
Frank Soule and Mamie C. Bacon for
:w»o each, the balance they claim In their
•avor from the unoaid part of a legacy of
?:0.0ft0. hequeathed to them by the late
Henry D. Bacon. The defendants deny
that it wr>.s the intention of the deceased
to leave them more than $2000.
Alligator Pears Duty Free.
The Board of United States General Ap
praisers have declared that avocado, or
Alligator pears, are not dutiable, since
they are not pears at all. but the fruit
of the Pernea RratlEslma. The common
pear is the fru!t of the Pyrus communls,
an altogether distinct species.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Nov. 22.— Licenses to marry
v.ore issued to-day to Anton Wilson, 28,
Mountain View, and Hannah Erlckson,
2S. Alameda; Joseph Vincent. 24. and Vlr
cinia Bravo. 27. Oakland: Georire Kean*.
2 s . pnd Henrietta BIrnbaum. 36. ftin FYan
cippo: Nils Anderson, 20. and Amelia A'i
pufita Carlson. 26. Oakland; Richard
Jnmes Lvon. 28. and Mary Frances O'Con
nell. 23. San Francisco.
Left Estate to Daughter.
OAKLAND. Nov. 22.— The will of the
'ate Jacob Jochim of Chicago was filed
Tor probate to-<lay by his daughter. Mrs.
Anna Deblcke. who Is named as sole ex
"cutrix. The property Is estimated to be
i-alued Rt 130.000, represented In real es
tate in Sonoma. Pan Francisco and Ala
mrda counties. The entire estate go«s to
the daughter.
No Verdict Reached.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— Contrary to expect
ation, the Racing Calendar to-day did
no*, give the decision of the stewards ot
the Jockey Club In the case of the
charges brought by Lord Durham against
Lester Relff, the American Jockey, and
It was learned that the Investigation In
¦till In progress.
Strike at a Quarry.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— About 5000 men re
cently struck In the Penrhyn (Wales)
quarries because the management refused
to install a dismissed overlooker. Lord
Penrhyn afterward closed the quarries.
Violence Is expected and troops were sent
there several days ago.
Mrs. Louisa Hays.
WOODLAND, Nov. 22.— Mrs. Louisa
Hays, a native of Tennessee, aged 81
years, 7 months and 22 dayg, died here
this morning.
Denied a Divorce.
OAKLAND. Nov. 22.— Frank E. Perlera
«-a* denied a. divoroe to-day from Mary
Purler* by Judfre Ellsworth, a* the wife
established the fact that she was forced
to desert her husband becaute he bad
'ailed to support her.
United States Senator J. C. Pritchard
of North Carolina arrived in the city yes
terday. He is at the Palace. The Sen
ator has been In Oregon, where he went
to intercede with Governor Geer for a
Tennessee boy who Is serving a term in
the Oregon prison. Pritchard is on his
way home and he will remain In Ban
Francisco only a day or two.
The Senator is a prominent North Caro
lina Republican. He was sent to Wash
ington to fill a vacancy and In 1S97 was re
elected for a full term. In speaking of
the national election in his State lie said
that McKlnley should have carried North
Carolina by at least 25,000 plurality. As
it was Bryan swept the State by 15,000.
The reason he attributed to the outrage
ous laws in force there which disfran
chise the* negro voters. In the Ustrlcts
where this law was enforced Bryan's
gains were very noticeable.
Senator Pritchard says the business
men of the South, almost to a unit, be
lieve in McKinley's expansion policy, and
it Is a foregone conclusion with them that
the cotton industry of the South will ben
efit by it. ;
Senator Pritchard Attributes Bryan's
Big Vote to Outrageous Negro
Laws.
SAYS NORTH CAROLINA
IS A McKINLEY STATE
"CROOKED" BURNS LANDED
AFTER A HARD CHASE
Supposed to Bi One of a Bold Gang of
Robbers. •
"Pat" Burns, alias "Crooked" Burns,
alias George Thomas, alias "Pie-faced
Tommy." a well known crook, was ar
rested yesterday after a hard chase, on
suspicion of being one of the three men
who have been holding up saloon keepers
south of Market street.
From the description given of one of
the men the detectives yesterday arrested
Burns, who is an ex-convict. He la known
as a desperate criminal and soon after
his arrest he was positively Identified as
being one of the robbers who held up tho
bartender at the Mission Turn Verein
Hall a week ago. According to the) police
Burns was arrested In Oakland some time
ago and s»nt to the penitentiary. He was
released only a short time ago, and meet-
Ing the two men who were with him
when he committed the hold-ups, planned
further robberies. His companions aro
well known and the detectives expect to
arrest them to-day.
Captain Meredith served as Chief of
the Bureau of EngTaving and Printing
during the Harrison administration. He
Is a practical plate printer and at present
is in charge of the plate printing depart
ment of the Western Bank Note Com
pany of Chicago.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— Captain VT.
M. Meredith of Illinois has been ap
pointed Chief of the Bureau of Engrav
ing and Printing.
Under President Harrison, Is
Reappointed.
Captain W. M. Meredith, Who Served
NEW CHIEF FOR THE
BUREAU OF ENGRAVING
The admission to the "Nursery Levee"
will be only fifty cents at the afternoon
and evening performances. Everybody is
requested to come and show by attend
ance an Interest in this charity.
Mrs. Dernham and Mrs. A. H. Martin
will preside over the refreshment booth
and are sure to do a big business. Arthur
Spear, who always comes to the front
in the cause o£ charity, will be on hand
the latter part of the evening. He has
promised to auction off ail the pretty
things that have not been sold up to 10
o'clock.
most beautiful, being gowned in pale blue
taffeta silk, appllqued with whit? lace,
ruchings of white chiffon and sash and
bows of black velvet. The doll was
gowned by the leading ladies' tailor in
town and is a marvel. A chance to win
this doll can be secured for twenty-five
cents.
Cclumbias, Who Have Aided Many
Worthy Charities, Will Take a
Benefit in Their. Own Behalf.
The Columbia Minstrels, who have so
frequently given their services to the dif
ferent charitable societies and beneficial
institutions of the city, will give a per
formance tn-nlsht In their own behalf at
Odd Fallows' Hall. The popularity of thla
company ar.d the generosity with which
it has contributed to the success nf many
worthy efforts give assurance that tha
entertainment In Its own behalf will be
financially a success.
The programme is an elahorrxte one and
of exceptional excellence. It is practical
ly the same as was rendered recently at
Metropolitan Hall for the benefit of
Sacred Heart Church. Among the num
bers will be a chorus of forty-five voices
well trained. Among the contributors will
be the following local favorites: P. A.
Densworth. C. F. Franklin. Genrsro
Cheney. Hobart Cnvnnasrh, Fred Grtffrug.
Elton Lambert. Ed Hnnn, Penny Jnrdnn,
1,. Freed. Ed Kreiss and Harry Depew.
W. W. Bracken is the director of ths
company.
POPULAR MINSTRELS
TO PERFORM TO-NIGHT
Blaze in a Lodging House Where Coal
Oil Is Strongly in
Evidence.
Engine Company 1. responded to a still
alarm shortly. after midnight last night
for a small blaze at 414 Jackson street,
which was extinguished without much
tr Louis" Ramos rents the building, using
the upper floor as a lodging-house and
the ground floor as a saloon.
Fire Marshal Towe discovered enough
evidence of an attempt at arson to war
rant an investigation. Coal oil had heen
poured for a considerable distance along
the hall and stairway and a can which
had been used to. distribute it was found
close to the door.
Ramos was not at home when the fire
started. The police have been notified
and are looking for him. Ramos carried
quite an insurance on his property. ,
Emanuel Evangelical Church Bazaar
Opens at Foresters' Hall and Is
Well Patronized.
The Ladles' Aid Society of the Eman
uel Evangelical Church. Twelfth and
Stevenson streets, opened a bazaar for the
benefit of the church fund at Foresters
Hall 102 O 1 Farrell street, yesterday after
noon. The many booths were tastefully
fitted up and the articles placed on sale
were above the usual standard. The dls
nlav of fancy cushions attracted consld
eraole attention and the booth set apart
for it was well patronized during the
afternoon and evening. Handsome de
signs, made more pleasing by their wealth
or colors, caused many expressions of ad
miration from the visitors, and even the
Sder patrons were allured by -the clever
ajfdfartistlc exhibit of stylishly dressed
d °Master Arthur Mansfield entertained the
large audience during the afternoon with
clever 8 elections on the piano, and In the
eveninK the following programme was
given" Piano solo. Mrs. J. A. Born; reci
tation Clarence Krone: waltz. "Over the
Waves," Mrs. Fiedler's class: quartet-
Bertha Oprecht. Mrs. G. Meuser , D. Mau
erhan and G. F. Ochs: march, Mrs. Fled
fer's class; solo, . A. Prepenberg: instru
mental duet, Messrs. Heinz and Schwartz.
The fair will be continued this and to
morrow afternoon and evening. Those in
charge are: Mesdames T. F. Ochs, T\.
Graniger, H. Kresky, C. Stromeyer. G.
1 Meuser S. Schutler. F. Frank. O. K.
Brown and A. Hewelck. Miss Tlllie Otto.
Miss Koehler. Mrs. Otto. Mrs. fpelgel.
Mrs. J. Hess, Mrs. C. Senk and Mrs. C.
Wucherer, /
SUSPICIOUS FIRE IS
, BEING INVESTIGATED
LADIES' AID SOCIETY
FAIB IS A SUCCESS
ARE you going to the "Nursery
Levee" in the Maple room of the
Palace to-morrow afternoon and
evening? If you do not you cer
tainly are not up to date, and you
will be overlooking one of the most fash
ionable charitable entertainments ever
given In this city.
The sweet little tots of the San Francis
co Nursery for Homeless Children are
going to spend a happy Tuletide if the
ladles who compose the board of directors
of this worthy society can have their say
about it; but it costs money even to make
children happy and comfortable. That is
why the "Nursery Levee" Is to be held to
morrow afternoon and evening at th©
Palace.
Charming society buds who have never
sung outside the shadows of a drawing
room have kindly come forward and vol
unteered to sing. Ladles skilled in art
decorations" paintings and all things that
add an artistic finish, to a room have
donated i articles to be sold. Among the
rood things that are down on the pro
gramme is a cake walk specialty by little
Harold Borchers and a piano solo by Miss
Rose M Woolf. Miss Ames will render a
beautiful "cello solo, accompanied by Miss
E The fan e cy°work booth will be Presided
over by Mrs. R. H. Countryman. She will
he as"l«»tVd by Mrs. C. Mills, Mrs. Gabbs.
Mrfwarren Mrs. Russell Osborn. Mrs.
J F Schuyler and Miss Florence Scufier.
Several young society men will assist the
la M'r, S V^&e ha. taken charge of
a doll booth and will be assisted by s^v-
METROPOLITAN Temple should
be crowded to the doors this
evening on ihe occasion of the
concert and entertainment giv
en in aid of the Teachers' An
nuity Fund. No tickets were sold in v the
public schools, as the Board of Education
thought that this might Interfere with
the children's studies, yet the sale of
seats has been phenomenal.
During: the year property valued nt $12 S71 CO
was reported stolen, of which $3820 25 worth
was recovered.
Upon assuming the duties of Chief of Police
I Impressed upon the men that nothing less
than livinc up to the rules and regulations o'
the department would he acceptable, and
while there have been a few violations I de
sire to commend the men for their conduct an.l
especially for their efficient services rendered
during the pa*t year.
The proximity of Oakland to the
city of San Francisco," he says, "requires
constant vigilance on the part of the Po
lice Department of this city. But few
people realize how easy it is for criminals
to corr.e from Ran Francisco, operate in
?hL °j t>^, and ,T etu £ n b€fore " ' 8 Known
that a crime has been committed, for it
is a fact, with few exceptions, that most
burglars who operate in San FnmSsco
a» R o operate in Oakland. iancisco
in'i'^i' 5 w. a llne of work wlth wh| ch most
inland cities are not familiar and not re-
Q K red .£° suard and whlcn en
able? them to get along with a consid-
BaA:° Pen ' ng h ' 8 reP0rt °' hlet Hod^ins
To be able to keep good order and to cuard
live, and property of our citizens In such a
manner as to prevent crime has been my
hlpheet ambition, believing that It is th" t^o
£>"*£ <* «• POUw officer to prevent crime If
possible thereby Farm* the trouble r"7% "
Pmjm of lookini after the offenders af*" r "*
crimes have been committed. It afford* m
fnTth?' 8f r tlOn 1O ** able to **t« that <J™r*
ins: the last year no serious disturbances or
unusual number of serious offenses have oc
curred An examination of the record* will
show that comparatively very few o f those whn
committed crime In Oakland during the u,t
year escaped arreFt and punishment. In the
ear y part of the year quite a number of rob"
beries were committed, one of our citizens wa,
vmSS /* r.°. Un tr 3 hy , b >T ln , K fihot and another
killed at his plac- of business by a irane of
r ? b ?T\ Thl I. **"* en * a se<l In these ofTens°s
eluded immediate arrest, but all of them with
one exception, were eventually arrested," con
victed and are now eervlnjr terma In the peni
tentiary.
Chief Hodgkins commends his men for
general good conduct. He says;
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 22.
"The greatest need of the Police De
pendent of this city is an increase In the
force," says Chief of Police Hodgkins in
his annual report, filed to-day with the
Board of Police and Fire Commissioners.
Here are some of the reasons the Chief
gives for that statement:
Chief Hodgkins Gives His
Reasons for an Increase
in Force.
Some of the best amateur talent In the
city has kindly volunteered to appear,
prominent among the participants being
the Misses Pasmore, who will render
several selections on the piano. Among
those who have worked hard to make the
affair a success are Miss Estelle Carpen
ter and Mrs. N. L. Marks. The price of
admission this evening will be fifty cents
for reserved seats, twenty-five cents gen
eral admission and fifteen cents for chil
dren.
MORE POLICEMEN
ARE NECESSARY
TWO YOUNG LADIES WHO HAVE ENTHUSIASTICALLY WORKED FOR
THE CONCERT THAT WILL TAKE PLACE THIS EVENING IN MET
ROPOLITAN TEMPLE FOR THE TEACHERS' ANNUITY FUND.
The Berkeley eleven is as follows: Cen
ter. McCoy; right guard, Plummer; left
guard. Lamb; risrht tackle. Parker: left
tackle. Fish: rieht end. McQueston: left
end. Dp Merritt: ouarter. Sollnsky: right
half. Stahle: left half, Seltzpr: fullback.
Volz. Ernest Llnscott is president of th9
athletic association and George Elliott
delegate to the league.
The league had already placed tickets
on sale at B0 cents.* Boettlger and Stetn,
will have tickets out to-morrow at 23
cents. What will be done with those who
demand to see the game on the league
tickets is still undecided.
When the league delegates next meet It
must he decided whether Berkeley and
Lowell or Rauch shall go. The schools
are now practically out of tho league, but
they claim the support of nearly all of
the other schools and hope to have the
difficulty settled In their favor.
The Berkeley High School Athletic As
sociation met this 1 afternoon "jid unani
mously upheld the uction of Oscar Boet
tigtr, the manager of the team. In enter
ing into a contract to hold a privato
match wiih Lowell. The young athletes
declare that they want to stay In tha
league, but that that they want Preston
K. Ranch, chairman of the league's foot
ball committee, put out of power. They
claim that tluy have heen unfairly treate«l
in the matter of complimentary tickets
and refuse to be under Rauch's manage
nunt. They state that Rauch offered tho
school two complimentary tickets and at
the same time freely distributed passes
to his university friends. The Berkeley
boys demanded • forty complimentary
ticKets anil ten side-tine badges.
Rauch gave the schools until 11 o'clock
to-day to make up their minds whether
or not they would play Saturday. If
they would not as:roe to terms by then he
declared two other teams 6hould play for
the championship. While Ranch was
waiting for an answer Oscar Boettlger,
the Berkeley manager, and Xorman Stein,
the Lowell manager, got a written con
tract for the grounds for Saturday. They
have hired policemen and intend to hold,
the fort.
BERKELEY. Nov. 22.-Th.ere will be a
football game between the Berkeley and
Ix>well Hiprh schools next Saturday after
noon at the Sixteenth and Folsom street
grounds, but It will not be under the au
spices of the Academic Athletic League.
Neither will it be for the trophy offered
to" the winning preparatory school eleven.
The managements of the Lowell and
Berkeley teams secured the ground.*
ahead of the league and will pull tho
game off in spite of past and prospective
difficulties.
They Engage Football Grounds Be
fore the General Management
Secure Them and Will
Hold Private Contest.
Berkeley and Lowell High
Schools Object to Treat
ment Received.
REFUSE TO PLAY
A LEAGUE GAME
Yesterday afternoon Engineer Le Conte
was busy at the hour of adjournment ex
plaining how he had placed a valuation
on horses. This afternoon the session
closed with the expert explaining upon
what theory he valued "boats and barRes"
at San Leandro Lake at $750. Judge Hart
abruptly aujourned court at 4:21 o'clock
while Le Conte and Hayne were discuss
ing sluiceway valuations.
The water company has the Le Conte
valuation of the plant in 1SRG In evidence.
It Is now supplementing that report with
the present day estimates of the same en
gineer based Boardman's figures.
Engineer Boardman. who has been in the
employ of one or ,'the other of the com
bined corporations since 18S6, was not
asked a question concerning constructioij
after 1S86.
Starting with the Le Conte-Boardman
combination of estimates for 1884, the
water company has added Its valuations
upon construction since then, and thrown
In the valuation which William J. Dlngee
and Expert Adams have placed on the
Oakland Water Company's plant. After
Le Conte has been retired from the stand,
the water company still has experts
Schuyler of San Francisco and Klerstad
of Kansas City to examine.
The Boardman and the Le Conte esti
mates as to quantities of material do not
entirely agree. For example, to-day a
question of sluices was raised. Le Conte's
figures showed five miles at $2000 a mile;
Boardman's figures were three miles.
This discrepancy was noted by Attorney
Hayne as an evidence of the conditions
under which the expert testimony is going
upon the record of the case.
That same year Le Conte furnished the
city of Oakland with an Independent esti
mate of valuation, but It appears from
his testimony that he was compelled to
rely upon what the late Anthony Chabot
had told him about construction.
It was apparent from Hayne's cross
examination to-day that he had started a
hot campaign to do a lot of smashing of
expert testimony.
The further peculiarity in Le Conte' s
estimates is the fact that he was given a
lot of estimates of quantities of material,
etc., used In construction, made by Engi
neer Boardman. Upon these estimates He
placed his valuation without regard for
the existence of any of the work, the
water company depending upon Board
man for figures only upon the condition
of the works in 18S6.
Engineer L. J. Le Conte Is In part re
sponsible, according to his evidence on
cross-examination to-day, for this lump
ing of valuations. His testimony also dis
closed a remarkable system, of doubling
up In estimates. Mr. Le Conte Informed
Attorney Hayne that he had Included "In
a broad, general way" in his figures upon
numerous items of construction all of the
tools and other paraphernalia required for
the work specified. Following that by a
process of close questioning, Attorney
Hayne also ascertained that the expert
had made separate and specific valuations
upon those same tools. So the city's coun
sel finds that this peculiar system ac
counts in some measure for the millions
of valuation which are going into evi
dence. ' i-
The "lump sum" method of placing a
valuation on the Contra Costa Water
Company's property for purposes of reve
nue only has been developed as one of. the
ways that Items of $10,000 and upward are
being piled on to the enormous total which
the water company claims as the worth
of its plant.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Nov. 22.
Engineer !Le Conte Spends a I>ay in
Explanations Under Rigorous
Questioning of Attorney
Hayne.
Contra Costa Company Uses
a Double System in Its'
Estimates.
EXPERT METHODS
OF FINDING VALUE
"When Hrown saw me this morning."
paid <Juttirg at the County Jail, wher<»
be i? he'd pending examination, "he de
('arod he was porrv le had caused my
arrest and that nnthlnr would come of
'bis affair if 1 w-iuld marry the rirl. We
w#»re to have been married Christmas,
out this situation mav hasten the wed
*in;r affair a little."
Wheo Gntttnjt was nrrested he pave tli"
-,nmr of Clifford Oar<J!r.er. After the de
ttctires had escorted the two from the
ndeing-houpo to the t'lty Prison, a pack
= e». supposed to contain :?tryehn«ne or
morphine, was f^ur.d In the "room Gut
tire had occupied. The police are now
Investigating that unexplained aspect of
the rase.
IVtP.tlv* Holland said to-n5ght:
"Guttirjr ?nd a young man named Mo
-an rented the room fit the Weber House
r>st r.lght. This m^rnine. about an hour
before wp arrested Gutting, the girl was
seen hanging urnimd the street corner
?r>d a little •whil" before we arrived she
found Guttine's room, and was In there
alking to Mm when we entered. The girl
tnd her father both claimed that she was
it her home In Berkeley last night."
Gattlns and his maif companion wero
¦ ¦•^ir.ed at the City Prison and the girl
«,-!¦ wnt homo in charge 6! her father.
who had boon searching for her for sev
•¦r.i! da\s. Shortly afttr thf- arrept. Town
-vlarshal Lloyd of Berkeley took rhargre of
>i;ur.K Gutting. Ferve<1 the warrant and
mok the prisoner before Justice Edgar
at Berkeley for arraignment. Gutting s
li'arins was eet for to-morrow moninj,
bat! hvingr flxod at $2*>0.
Hardly had th^se formalities be;>:i dis
posed of before the an;ry parent appeared
n court, but Hrown had changed his at
titude. Apparently he was more than
ir.xlous to hsvo the rase acainst Gutting
ii^missed. Within Marsha! Lloyd's hear
r.g. Brovn said he guessed he" had beei.
:no hasty, lie asked Gutting whether he
would wed the pirl arid the young car
l>un«5«»r S5>eedil>- answered In the affirm
ative.
Guttlrg der.fos Ratly that he was a bur
g'.ar. and be declared he could not ac
i ount for the charge upon any other the
ory than thnt th* father -was opposed to
his association with tl.e daughter.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Nov. 22.
Aroused of burulary by the father of hi*
sweetheart. Charles F. Gutting, a car
builder of West Berkeley, was arrests!
to-day by Detectives Holland and Bhorey,
who fcund the young man. wJlh the
pirl end a male companion, at the
Weber House. Twelfth and Franklin
greets. The accusing parent is Oscar E.
Brown, a contractor residing at Eighth
and Grayson streets. \V05t Berkeley. He
charges Gmtir.e with the theft of a lot
01 tools. The prisoner flatly denies tho
theft. Intimates that his arrest was the
result of too haFty action on the father's
part, and declares his readiness to marry
•<he young woman juft as quickly a? th<*
present obstacles to el* freedom are re
moved.
Charles F. Gutting Under Arrest
Upon Complaint of Oscar Brown,
Who /pparently Relents In
His Prosecution.
Sweetheart's Father Blocks
Way of Prospective
Young Groom.
GOES TO JAIL ON
EVE OF WEDDING
Society Will Attend to Aid Cause oF
Chanty for Little WaiFs.
NURSERY LEVEE OPENS
AT PALACE TO- MORROW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ¦¦NOVEMBER 23, 1900.
Sale oF Seats Points to Big Crowd For
Metropolitan Hall To-Night.
SUCCESS OF ANNUITY
FUND BENEFIT ASSURED
9
THANKSGIVING ISSUE, NOVEMBER 25.
//TWELVENX
// PAGES \\
// INTENSELY \Y
// INTERESTING \\
I I STORIES 1 1
\\ EIGHT PAGES OF //
\\ COMICS. //
\V TWENTY PAGES//
\v IN AL£ //
SUNDAY
[/ ILLUSTRATED >\
// AND \\
|[ PRINTED AS ONLY | J
II THE I]
\\ SUNDAY CALL JJ
\\ CAN DO IT. JJ
DON'T MISS THE GREAT COMIC SECTION.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, NOYEMBER 23, 1900.
10
SA.V FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cell, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 13 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— IT! Montgomery eireet.
corner Clay; open until *:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes etreet; open until s:30 p. m.
€7i McAllister atreet; open until 9:50 p. m.
CIS Lerkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
!!>41 Mlfs'.cn etreet: open until 10 p. m.
22€1 Market atreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 8 p. m.
109€ Valencia *treet; open until S p. m.
North west corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXO NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. IC. .«.
T.. 8 Poet st-— n«-frular assembly THIS %t«
EVENING at 7:$0 o'clock. Order of IFjj
the Temple. All fratera courteously IJ*
invited. By order of the Commander. v
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. _, F. and A. a
M.. will meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- JL
ING. November 23. at 7:30 o'clock. V[*»
First Degree. By order of the Master. /Vi
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 150. F. and A. M. ••
—Special meeting THIS (FRIDAY) _#V_
EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third degree. T£3f
Master Masons cordially invited. By / *
order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3. I. <j.-$>«rti£v
O. O. F.— The officers and mem- rajSSs«S^
bers are requested to be present '^'vSSJF
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. JWIW
November 2Z. to meet the Grand Master and
nomination of officers; — U members of the
order are Invited.
S. B. HUFFMAN, N. O.
x F. M. HEGEMAX, R. S.
6T. ANDREW'S Society. — Open meet- . \y >»^
:ng and lnsta'l— tlon of officers on f\ iJj
MONDAY EVENING. November 26.
at Scottish Hall, M7 Larkln at '**a_7*
Members and friende Invited.
WM. BALNAVES. President
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from F. D. Soward et al., in the
T'ndln* and May Day placer mines, consoli-
dated, near Co'.d Lake. Bierra. County, to de-
PofK tailings la a worked-out pit; from Mrs.
Annie E. Jones, In the Nusget placer mln*.
near Johnsvllle, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings in Hopkins Creek: from C. D. Haa-
zh.nl. In the Piurr.a* Imperial Mine No. 1.
near Qutficv. Plumes Counts', to deposit tell-
ings In Slate Creek; from David Corbett. In
the Golden Gate Mine, near Glbsonville, Sier-
ra County, to deposit tailing* In Wisconsin
ravine, and from Charles Schneider, In the
American Mine, near Cr-nJi"h Ranch. Plumas
County, to deposit UilHnffs in a ravine, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
f9. Flood building, San Francisco. Cal., oa
December 3. 1900. at 1:20 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Paauhaa
Sugar Plantation Company will b« held at
the ofaee of the company. No. 817 Market tt..
San Francisso. Cal., en SATURDAY, the l»t
day of December. 1*00, at the hour of 11
c'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve fcr the ensulnx
year ar.d the transaction of such other busi-
ness bs may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will dose on TUESDAY. November
SO. 1S00, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
TWO or 3 good ad. solicitors; mal4 or female:
holiday edition; good com. Apply HOOVER
Ha'I, Tenth and Market, rm. 1; 4-6 p. m.
ASPHALTLM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflcg. sidewalks t*-
pclred; po«t«J. 11S6 Mlraion: t*V Folscm 1STT.
ASTRO LOG Y.
tin. C. TOtTSEY TAYLOR. Sclentlflo A»tro".o-
t:*r — Free ccpy "The New Moon." 765 M*rk»t.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ft W. KINO. ?27 Market »t.. €th floor, room CC7
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fees; no advance
charges; leans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without tuccess: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, tl!> Market cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JA1IRETT. Hearst blcg.. Third and
Market sts.; phone Red C262.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
w. Davl'lscn. St7 Market st, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket tt. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
A WEEK'S news fcr S cents— The Weekly Cari.
It pagra. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
11AT11 CA111NI2TS.
ROBINSON*. Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
P. BROWN CO.. agency. <26 Ellis St.. 3. F.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GERMAN lady wlches cne or two children to
board; mother's care. 439 Minna at.
Ul'SINESS CHANCES.
A— J1C0O; SALOON with mercantile lunch, sur-
rounded by wholesale houses and factories;
business Clearing $125 per month easy: owner
keeps place In Oakland and must sacrifice.
K. G. WILKC, 26H Kearny st.
A — $2000; RESTAURANT and coffee parlor on
Kearny st.. near Chronicle building; rent $12i;
business ciearnir.g $200 and _bove per month;
c*ner engaged otherwise; compelled to eacri-
rice. Call Ii. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny tt.
A— ISSOCi; CORNER liquor bar; established 40
years; located near Chronicle building; t
years' lease; dally receipts about $50; cne of
the best psj'irig bars In this city. Particulars
R. Q. WILKE. 26S Kearny tt.
A — COItNER butcher thcD on Howard et.; do-
ing a first-class paying cash business; must
*ell at once; owner going In cattle buying.
K. G. WILKE. 264 Xearny st.
$500— LADY partner wanted. German preferred,
¦with best refer-aces. In a large paying busi-
ness established for many years. Particulars
call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny et.
A— $1-0: SHOEMAKER repairing shop on Third
et., doing from i;; to W work every week; a
rare chance. Call R. O. WILKE. 26fr Kearny.
A — S35O0; WINE and liquor nalooa doing a
eplen£id businees; established S years;
choicest location on Market st; rent $100;
long lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A— JLOOO; HOTEL with 57 rooms, dining-room
and bar; rent S150; located 1 block from Call
buiiding; established years; known as the
b*6t-pajir.g second-class hotel In this city;
Investigate and you will find a pplendid busl-
n»8t. R. G. WILKE. 264 Krarny st.
A — 11200; BAKERY, corner. In 'Western Add.;
eetab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
ing 4 barrels per day; & living rooms, bath;
rent. $50; I years' lease: death of owner cause
of sale. R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A— WOO; FINE candy etore In splendid location;
nicely 'urnlehed; cheap rent; clears $325 per
month; great bargain. LANE & CO.. £60 MkL
PARTNER wanted In an established bullness,
clearing $76 mo. each; light work; short hours;
no exper. required. LANE & CO.. &65 Market.
RESTAURANT; nice place for man and wife*
receipt* 115 a day; low rent; »ee this at once:
-n-p; only $225. LANE & CO.. SC5 Market gt
RESTAURANT; adjoining a car house; flne
opening for a man and wife or 2 ladles ;money
maker; low rent; lease; cood reasons for sWl-
Jng; cacrtflce; J500. SCHWEINHARD & CO..
91. Market tt.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
A SALOON; water front; bargain this day
COWING 3c Co.. 718 Market tv
FOR sale — Bargain; saloon doir_? business, with
living rooms; lot 29x137:6; 3S36 Mission st.
Call and see owner ealoon north corner Sev-
enth and Bryant sts.
A— $4000; BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er has other business; cannot attend to both-
~ will sell half or whole. See owner. 605 Battery."
WANTED— Partner, active business man to
take charge of local Interests; wholesale busi-
ness; references. Box S97. Call office.
ESTABLISHED hotel and liquor store for sale
In mining town; good-paying place. Box S53
Call oiflce.
JIOO— RESTAURANT; near Market: clearing $»0
mo. ; party 3 years in place. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
¦WANTED — Man and wife to rua a country
hotel. Address 225 Third St.
ICOO— COP.XER saloon; old established business;
on principle street south of Market; sunny
living rooms. Apply box 375. Call offlce.
RELIABLE party with limited capital - wishes
to invest In a rood business; no agents. F.
T., box 377. Call offlce.
TRANSFER corner grocery and bar; einjmt
£tock and fixtures; big bargain. Particulars
at 215 Tenth st.
POR c— le Hey, grain, ~ rood and coal yard.
Call or address 2130 Sacramento st., near
Lyon. -»
STORE to i-ent la best block of Market at;
10x3C. with ux>per floor and large basement:
bonus wanted. Box 1033. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good location;
rm&ll cxpenres; pays good and good reasons
for selling. Call at lit Green ft
T.- ANTED— Lady or gent with $100 to act as
ctshier; salary SIS per week. Including ex-
pt-nses; most travel. H. S-. box 2S6. Call.
FOR sale— A 88-room lodring-house; price rea-
Bonable. Ut Howard gt. near Second.
BAKER'S larg* portable sand oven. $40. 22S2
Mlefion st.
GROCERY and bar; good business; celling ao-
cemxu sick-ess, nil Howard it, cor. Lanston.
BtJSI.VESS CnANCES CONTINUED.
PUBLIC Administrator's Bale-Sealed bids will
be received at my offlce, 23! Montgomery i>t.,
for the grocery and b_r corner of Folsom
and Jupiter sts. belonging to the estate of
EDWARD GORMAN. Bids will be received
up to 12 o'clock noon. Nov. !«. 1500. A' cash
deposit of $50 required with each bid. Store
now open for inspection. P. BO LAND, Pub-
llc Administrator. S
A SALOON with 8 rooms, also bar and fix-
tures; 2 blocks from Call building: north of
Market; reasons departure for the EaEt Call
for particulars at S, BLUMENTHAL & CO..
€£S and ceo Mission st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1096
Vnlencia st. __________»
LODGING-HOUSES KOU SALE.
sTR^~MFcn~P^weir7rrrenrS175: price. .$1900
7 rootns en Taylor Bt; rent J20; price.... *:io
15 rooms on Geary ft.; rent $ r .5: price I')*)
14 rooms on O'Farrell St.: rent $50; price.. 800
12 rooms on Pest St.: rent J5fi; price **>
15 rooms on O'Farrell st; rent $65; price.. 75C
20 rooms on Mission st: rent J60; price... 1KH;
16 rooms on Howard et.; rent J'-3; price... 73<*
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILEY. S16 Market St.; phone black E215.
A— 22-ROOM house; central $1000
2C-room house; first class 1050
11-room house; $575; 6-room flat 825
JO-room house; Eddy; rent $75; only SCO
FISHEU & CO.. 1022 Market st.
SNAP: 11 rooms, furnished: clears $25 per mo.;
only $326. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market fet
BUYERS of locsing-houses will find large list;
flne bargains in lodcins-houses. Samples:
102 rooms; rent J64; price ilSOO.
12 rooms; rent $34; price S4C0.
"We loan money to buyers at 1'4 per cent. "
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market et., be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
17 ROOMS on Eddy St.; rent «0
28 rooms on Howard st. : rent $42 tty)
9 rcoms on Jones st; snap 375
10 rooms on California et <T50
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 ?-:ddy tt.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., rocm 1: free list;
new bargains every day In rooming-houses;
over E00; all e'.zes and prices. Please call.
A BARGAIN— Ho'jre. 27 rooms and full; no
j work: cheap rrnt. Inquire Call offlce.
$500— LODGING-HOUSE. 14 rms.. newiy furn.
Inquire 1C3 New Montgomery, cor. Howard.
FIRST-CLASS rooming house for sale, price
i $$50: rays well. Address Box £2.1. Call office.
j CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI,
postare pnid. ____^____________
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO., clearance sale; low
wheel, rubber tire, rond wagon, $S0; other
rtyles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xraas presents. Markt. nr. 9th., opp. St. Nlch.
ALL klncs of wagons. butTgies, carts, harnesx,
etc.. cheap. EGAN -; SON. 2117 MUslon st.
AN A No. 1 express wa«oa, single, also light
camping wagon, for tale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
r.esn. work A driving horses. lDth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsTdrI FARNIIAM, world-renowned tplrit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law- I
euits. divorces, deaths; unites the separated; I
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun.. Wed.. Fri. ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
113 Ed<5y 6L, bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader: also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
sitting;, tl. H€4 O'Farrell st.; take Ellis car.
"CONSULT Watson." IIS1 Mkt St.. nr. l?th;
medium, clairvoyant, psychic, palm.: 50c, 11.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. ?35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
j Meyer. Blttinsrs; convincing K>sts to-nlRht: 10c.
j MRS. HARLANDS circle to-nl_ht; also Sun.
! eve.. 10c; sittings dally. 60c. $1. 14S Sixth. •
j MRS. DR. GILSON* Is located at 614 Jessie st.
I near Seventh; sittings daily; to-night.
MME. MAJOP.S. gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 14G Eddy 6treet.
EDW. EARLE. slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
cor. Taylor: Sunday nicht. Pythian Castle. ,'
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1208 Mar-
ket et.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26: take ele\-atcr. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
cents $1: palm, ar.d clalr. sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
REMOVED — The treat inspirational card read- j
er; price 25c and COc; hours 10 a. m. till U p.
r.i. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 225 Fulton et.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS'. 514 Taylor at. near Geary
: —Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium; j
j ladles* circle Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Frl., S; clr. 25c. j
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm- !
1st and card reader; 20c. 7 Seventh st. j
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 25c up. S23 Mission, nr. 4th; ring bell, i
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. £15 Kearny Et.. rooms $-10.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 448H Jessie Bt
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; nam>i given: 25c up. Ii Fourth Ft.
CARPET BEATING A.VD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor wore
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 213 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
3c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 10S.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 844.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, rogr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Bt.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beatlr.g Works, 333 Golden
Gate live : telenhone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
Pitlnlpyy. consult'n frep. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE. W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market at.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DEN'TA irCLINIc'sOS M.r-
Ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. in. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or flllinga by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guarant-ed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 80 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
¦warranted for 10 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate;' fillings. 60o;
crowns. $3 CO: plates, full set. $5; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per fet; extracting. EOc; gas given.
"MAIN Office" New Yorjc Dental Parlors. 101»
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings and Sun-
dajn. 1C01 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Polk Et.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction.
EOc. New York Dentists. 96J Mission, cor. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or- Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. -
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmakingand Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. 1013 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kind* pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor A Moffatt.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for : permanently
removing superfluous hair; will . not > Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agent*
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ttfey, 426 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg"—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $10; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
and night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
Fchool for the university, law and medical
colleres; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn In a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. XV. COR-
NELL, room 63, Thurlow block. 126 Kearny et
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: day
And evening; Individual instruction. $8 per
month: life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
thorthand. telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr. 220 Parrot bldg,
lie would not; be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course Uils
year cot positions. SAN FKANCISCO BUtSi-
NESS COLLEGE. 1?36 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.: eat 1864.
VAN DEJt NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MUNSO.V. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
j ing, Spanish. 137 Mcnt'y. K. M. Carpenter, pr.
UK. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, muelc Btudlo.
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 13J6 Eddy Bt.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and-
ILLUSTRATIOK— Night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
T OFFICES -
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eetan. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st.. near Powell; telephone Bush :3s.
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co. ; eet
l£70: practical recommend; try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. £26 O'Farrell st; tel. Hyde 2131.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; ail kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main Sljg.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
n*»f=e help. <;g Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black £072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411'4 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYSIEXT WANTED FEMALE.
A NEAT English woman, good cook and house-
worker, references. Apply MRS. NOTRON.
313 Sutter st.
P.ESPECTABLE woman with girl 5 years old
wants housework or chamberwork In private
or rooming houso; references; no trlflers;
wages $10. 744 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED housekeeper would like to
cook for men on ranch; wages $25 or $30. Box
338, Call office.
GOOD, reliable girl to do housework; very good
cook and housekeeper; email family; good
wages expected. Please call at 379 Brannan.
AMERICAN woman wishes a position to house-
clean by the day: wages $1 a day and car
fare. Box 3S5. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as stenographer or type-
writer is desired by youn* lady recently grad-
uated. Box 205. Call offlce.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework
and plain cooking. 614 Freelon st.. bet. Third
and Fourth, Bryant and Brannan.
WANTED— Position by nurse to mental or
affed patient; best reference; hospital experi-
ence; wages $30 to $35 month. Box 391. Call.
WANTED— By young lady, position as hou*e-
kepper or light chamber v^ork. Address 1007^
Market st. room 14. second floor.
COLORED woman wants any kind of day's
work. Call at 253 Jessin St., IL A.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady wishes place
as working housekeeper. 14 Pearl st.
LADY, good machine operator, wants sewing
at home or would go out. 1043 Mission st.
A YOUNG German woman wishea work by ths
cay; no postal cards. 21C Hickory st
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, experienced,
first-class cook, wishes employment. - Ad-
dress box 381, Call offlce.
YOUNG lady would llko a furnished room for
two days' sewing each week. Address _. B.,
139 Dolores st.. near Fifteenth.
POSITION wanted by an Eastern lady; Is n
pood plain cook and a neat -vorker; city or
country. 342 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants work In
families. 943 Sutter St.; tel. Larkln 962.
GERMAN woman wishes work by day for
house cleaning. Box 384, Call offlce.
SITUATION as housekeeper by woman with a
pirl 14; country preferred. Apply 1148 Mis-
sion Et.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night, $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bacj-apo to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 1200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
COOK and wife want work in country hotel:
both are experienced, American, and flrst-
class; wages will be moderate If work la
reasonable. Box 102, Call offlce.
A RELIABLE and good salesman would like
to represent a California firm In the East;
can give the very best of references. Box
392. Call offlce.
POSITION as bookkeeper or assistant by a
young man; thoroughly familiar with all
lines of offlce work; flrst-class references,
llox 390, Call office.
GERMAN cook and helper want places to-
gether In hotel or boarding-house; city or
country; can do any kind of cooking. 242
Natoma St., basement.
COOK wants work; a good careful cook; or
would go as second cook; wages moderate
T. SMITH, 318 Minna st.
YOUNG German wishes position; willing to do
any kind of work. Box 393, Call office.
FRESCO painter (German) wishea position.
Box 394, Call office.
YOUNG man stenographer, very rapid and ac-
curate, four years' experience, wishes em-
ployment during afternoons: not working for
experience; ttatc salary. Box 3S0. Call.
YOUNG man having some experience In busi-
ness chance and real estate offices desires
position with reliable firm; reference. Box
374. Call.
A YOUNG man "wishes a position in furniture-
or grocery store; has had experience In both,
sober and steady. Call or address F. R.
PERRY, S43 Mission Bt. ,
STEADY eingle man, experienced coachman,
all stable work, also milking, wishes situa-
tion; best references. Address, stating wages,
Coachman, 791 O'Farrell st.
EXPERICENED mechanical designer and
draughtsman, technical graduate, with shop
. practice, wishes to change. Box 383. Call.
CARPENTER.. good all-around man. sober and
honest, wants work In a store, institution or
for a corporation; good rets. Box 379, Call.
RELIABLE), sober man wants situation In
lodging-house In any capacity: experienced.
IRA HARDIN. 1035 Market St.. room A. i
A BOY 18 years, honest and willing, wishes to
learn a trade; electrician; wages no object.
Address A. F. HANKE, 1635% Howard st.
EDUCATED young Englishman desires posi-
tion as private secretary or companion. Ad-
dress J. B.. care Mr. Morgan. 1009 Stanyan.
SITUATION wanted as bookkeeper, • salesman
or clerk; quick and accurate.' O. H.; 23 Tele-
graph ave.. Oakland. .,, -
FIRST-CLASS laundryman wishes a position.
Address box 376. Call.
BAKER; third or last hand on bread; will help
on cakes. H. F. J.. 1213 Twenty.-Blith «t.
SITUATION wanted by a eober. industrious
and reliable man of 22 as porter, janitor or
to make himself useful around manufactur-
ing, or business place. Please reply to F. H.,
box,' 307. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS g&rde er and coachman wishes
place prun*jr. grafting or propagating plants:
good driver for family. Box 360, Call offlce.
MILKKKS, separators and flrst-class - cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
gomery st .
JAPANESE schoolboy would like position, cook
or waiter. In a small family. HARA, - 1010
Pine at '
A FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wants posi-
tion; has many years' ' experience. N. 'A., 4
Carlos jlace. • .
JAPANESE ¦ house - worker and school boy — If
you want me I come at once.' H.-INOWYE,
414 Stevenson*et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established ¦ at . 1096
Valencia st. - , -",
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscript Ions
receive, at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore tt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manaase, ocullet optician. 910 Mkt
FLATS TO LET. '
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: t bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
GREEN 1312, near Larkln— « rooms, bath; en-
amel sink; dresser; latest Improvements; sun-
ny; $18. -
IF you want to move get printed list flats to Ut
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children. ¦
712 SANSOME. handsome sunny flat $16: 804
Bansome, large store, $10.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant
$18— UPPER flat, e rooms and porcelain bath.
641 Castro st. near Nineteenth. ¦
$25— SUNNY bay-window, newly renovated,
medera. 7 rooms, bath. 1708 Washington st.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
NEW furniture and carpets for sale and email
modern flat for rent cheap. Call soon at 2615
Sacramento gt. .'
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— A cozy 4-room flat by a mother and
son; $12 to $15. Box 400. Call office.
WANTED— A house or flat of 4 or 5 rooms fur-
nlshed. Box 363, Call office.
FURXITURLJ FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS,. 8 nicely furnished: suit a couple
with one or no children. 128 Eighth Bt.; no
agents.
4 ROOMS - furnished In oak $4S 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FCRNITUHK WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jeasie 761.
$10,00^ WORTH of furniture wanted imme-
diately for cash. 11S2 Mission St.. near Eighth.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
Auctioneer^— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission ; tel. Red 3353.
, IIELP WANTED FEjIALE.
C. R. IIAXSEX & CO? Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 more waitresses, different railroad «.»atlns
houses, Arizona, *20. free fare; waitress. JIG,
hotel, city; 3 waitresses, different country
hotels, $20, fares paid; woman cook, hotel nt
mines, $30, fare paid; 2 chambermaids to
wait dinner, same hotel. $20; exparl^nct*-
chocolate dipper, retail store, no offl;e fee;
and many others
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 choice places for house girls, Antloch and
Oakland. $20, $25; house girl. Truckee, $20; it
nurse girls, $12 to $15; and a number of places
too numerous to advertise. C. R. HANSKN
& CO., 104 Geary Bt
EXPERIENCED operators wanted on shirts;
a few beginners taught. Apply fhe L.
ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery at.
WOMAN for general housework; wages $20;
sleep home. Inquire In bakery at SE. corner
Eighteenth and Noe sts.
YOUNG girl wanted for light houseworn. 1389
O'Farrell at.
WANTED— An experienced operator and also
apprentice girls on custom coats. 128 Russ st.
WANTED— Girl to learn to wait at table.
Restaurant 62 Eighth st.
GIRL to assist In housework; small family;
must elecp home. 1413B Mason st.
GIRL wanted to do general housework. Apply
30 Lily ave.
WANTED— Experienced crockery salesladies;
give references. Box 399, Call office.
GERMAN or Italian girl to learn typesetting:
$3 £>0 week, 9 hours; will t>e advanced. Young
Folks' Weekly, 516 Commercial st.
WANTED — By a wholesale house to engage the
services of a woman to travel; one who is
trustworthy and accurate. Box SS6, Call.
WANTED— Girl for plain cooking and general
housework; $15 to $18. 219 Haves st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. S3S
O'Farrell st.
NEAT young girl for light housework. C03
Guerrero at.
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency. » Geary; ph. Black 8719.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 641 Market
street.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery. 638 Clay st.
¦YOUNG lady to learn to be a medium and
travel with professional man. Box 332. C-U.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Foleom st.. bet. 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for CaJl advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
IIELP WANTED— MALE.
A NOTICE TO
All coal miners „....
With families or single
Who want to go to
Gallup, New Mexico
Superintendent will meet you
..Saturday and Sunday. November 24 and 23..
In our office...
Free fare Free faro
C. It. HANSEN* & CO.. 104 Geary st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK.
Teamsters, tunnel men, stone masons
Free fare
Engineer and electrician who understands
running dynamos, country $50 and board
Lineman, electrical work.... $2 to $2 25 a day
6-mule teamster for ranch $28 and board
3 Ingersoll drillers $3 a day, see boss here
2 miners, asphalt mine $2 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Meat cook. $45; helper, $25. institution, coun-
try, see party here: second cook for Bteamer,
$40; second hand on bread, country shop, $9
a week and board; third hand an cake, city,
$25; head waiter $40 and S waiters $25, coun-
try hotel.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6SU
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
¦¦Ingersoll drillers, $3 a day Wagon-maker
Farmer and wife, see boss here
Hostlers, city stables \ i
Ranch hands and teamsters.... $26 and found
150 woodchoppers and tiemakers. tools, pro-
visions and cabins furnished. MURRAY &
READY. 634-6S6 Clay st.
A— COOKS. hotelB and ,*estaurants, $30 to $50
and found; second cooks, $35; washer and
Btarcher; foreman baker, second and- third
hands; man for delicatessen store, $40 and
found; German waiter $30 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st_
A— WANTED— Extra driver for milk route:
reference and experience required; $35 and
found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— 6 TINNERS, 2 carpenters (hardwood finish-
ers), 6 cabinet-makers, 4 bench hands. 2
simper hands. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau, 410 Kearny st., room 9; non-union me-
chanics please register; Jobs dally; no fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment, H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Thoroughly competent shoeman,
salesman and manager for retail . business.
Apply in person at Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717
Market st ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
WANTED— Active young man not afraid of
work as partner In fruit, produce and com-
7 mission business: only small capital required.
Box 403. Call office.
WANTED— Man of business exoerience for a
position with a new corporation; must navo
$1000 to Invest. Box 402/ Call office.
"WANTED — A flrst-class candy helper; must
have experience on hard candy. B. J. BAUM.
405 Jones at.
COATMAKERfl and pantsmakers for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter Bt. ¦ , .-
WANTED — Young man ! to learn barber trade.
Call at 721 O'Farrell Et. ;
BOY for Job printing; one with experience pre-
f erred. Call after 0 at 632 Bush at
EXPERIENCED milk wagon driver wanted.
1408 Devlsadero St.. near Geary. . - ' ¦¦
BOY to work in a bake shop. 612 Kearny at.
ERRAND boy wanted. LEON LEMOS, 1117
. Market st. , . . -\
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25o
to EOc. 5C2 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
STEADY shoemaker wanted; wages $9 a week.
.. 2140 Flllmore Et. :.-':-.
BARBER for Saturday; short hours; $3. 100
Market st.
CASHIER: all around man. 29 Stockton st.
STRONG boy to work In a bakery. 142 Second
¦'street. .,-:¦ • ¦ .. • ¦ ¦,•¦-..".-"¦-.- ¦• '.
STRONG boy to learn the bakery trade.
Wheeland's Bakery. 2232 Mission st. V
WANTED— Good barber: steady Job. Apply 725
Fourth St.. San Rafael : telephone Red 15. * ¦ •
YOUNG | man with some experience In butcher
business. Apply.1103 Scott »t.
¦ .
'HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— German, sober, reliable, as bakery
wagon driver; must have sufficient experience
in that line and good references; good salary.
Addreea box 371. Call office.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; complete
from 6 to 8 weeks; situation secured; trans-
portation paid; best climate in California.
Gordon's Barber College. Loa Angeles.
WAITED at once, an Al all-round bread bak-
er; must be eober and reliable; good salary,
. board and lodgings. New England Bakery,
\Honolulu, H.T.
BOYS' clothing salesman. Apply In boy*'
clothing dept. between 9 and 12, S. N. WOOD
A CO.. 718 Market st.
Al RESIDENT salesmen of wide acquaintance
to solicit family trade In the country for a
wholesale wine and liquor house. Address,
with references, box 362. Call offlc*.
WANTED — Experienced electrical wlreman:
must be steady and reliable man; wages $3
per day. BAKERSFIELD GAS AND ELEC-
TRIC LIGHT CO., Bakersfleld. Cal.
GRAND chance to get rich; drugstore. .vicinity
of Ellis and Powell sts.; price $1500. Apply
A. M. SPECK. 667 Market St.,
WANTED— At once, three or four high-grade,
reliable solicitors; men of good address; men
who can get subscriptions Tor The Saturday
, Evening -Post (Philadelphia): salary guaran-
teed to the right men. £9 Columbian bulld-
lng. San Francisco. .•
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. -519 Sacra-
mento st.. near Montgomery ; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city ca n find nice, clemi. cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
J that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor Btill
runs Denver House. 217 Third st- ; 150 large
rocmB: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city freo.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard &. Co., old. reliable
firm. E06 Market, room 40, Phelan building;
pension vouchers executed, 25c: advice free.
FOR tale — A good-paying country barber shop
and baths, suitable for married man. Ad-
dreas box 356. Call office. .
$S0— 2-CHAIR shop: rent $5; receipts $25. Ap-
Ply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh St.
$150 WILL buy a fine 2-chalr barber shop; fine
trade; must sell. 294 Sixth st
JEWELERa S2S Bush St.. third fioor. room 4.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. EC2 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, tfc and
20c. Boston House, 9S0 Howard at.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
caeh prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 113 Kearny.'
SAILOR3, ordinary seamen and green hands;
_all ports of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. 5*.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st. |
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 23c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES — 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
tlculara sent. Ad. Physician, box lO.'-O, Call.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827. Sixth it; auction pales every Wednesday.
KULL1VAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSE clipping by experienced men: best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL, 6C5 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate; sult-
able for grocery. Address 156 Ninth Et.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send fcr clr-
cular. G. H. UMESEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FINE furniture, complete, of 6-room corner
flat for gale; no dealers. 411C Van Ness.
IXVALID CHAIRS ANI> T1UCVCL1CS.
EOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market tt.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A round diamond scroll brooch, Nov. 21.
Finder will be liberally 'rewarded by return-
Ing same to THOMAS II. BROWNE, 20 Front
St., corner Pine. .
LOST— November 21. English setter dog. white
with lemon spots; Dash Antonio on collar;
liberal reward. 1233 O'Farrell st.
LOST — Saturday, Newfoundland dog. curly
hair; white and brown Bpots. Return to 11 De
Boom st; reward.
LEFT by mistake in some saloon on water
front, a pair of French marine glasses. Re-
turn to 812 Third at.; reward., -
LOST— On Halght-st. car, bunch of keys.
Finder return to 202 Grove st. ; reward.
FOUND In carriage Ia3t Saturday night— Dia-
mond brestpln: owner can recover by proving
property. MRS. LOUIS SLOSS, 1500 Van
K'ess avenue.
medical:
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market— Ladles'
ttpeclallsts; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
nny one can use it with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Mar-
ket. opp. Sth; world -renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable: practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After al! others fall call en him.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any aliment; home for patients; coa-
eult free. 942 Post tt.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others -fail consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DP.S. GOODWIN, 1OO7V4 Market, expert on dls-
eases of women; IS years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of caves; unexcelled success: see free.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer., catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; fend for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 'Market— Ladies' spe-
clallst; safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for nntl<»-t*. .110 Ktitlv nt.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, Engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything 1 in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019.* 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a' brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write fcr catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st; rentals, new machine?, $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A GENT'S 14-karat gold stem-winding Ameri-
can watch for $20; cost $45. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant ave. ¦
B-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine,
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave. ¦< '
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farreirst.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS second hand modern engines and
¦boilers bought and sold. KROCH Mfg. Co.
OASOLINE. gas engines, second-hand, bought,
sold and exchanged. NEWELL. 56 Blu-ome Bt.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic - lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 100 Montgomery st.
10-TON j Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. • 216 California st.
200-LIGHT ! dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission, st
WILL rent I full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
. suits for $2 SO. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and . second-hand. THE HEH-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
i .-planers, lathes; 2<J-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC i lanterns. - new i and 2d-hand ; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
1 SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THJ3
j "WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
. , Call. 7 16 paces, sent to any address , In . the
' United - States or Canada one. year, for $1,
postage paid. '
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— San Francisco Bulletin for March.
6. 12 and 19. 1839; quote price. W. F. PUR-
NELL, Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— San Francisco Call for January.
February and March. 1890; quote price. W. F.
PURNELL. Sacramento. Cat
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Foliom 1191
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlo-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St. : tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. I_
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market tt.
I MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price wo will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-ft> Donoho* blJg.. 1170 .Market
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortages
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will bo better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business elso-
where. It. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 1
¦ANY proposition, any amount; t percent: Orst,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 18, first Poor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN &. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtatn
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $;0O.CCO on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWN STONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, Id Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, dlajnonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal, low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jonen st. cor. Eddy.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country; 6% unrt!-
vlded lnts; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary' Loan Co., 266 Parrott butld-
lng; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
TO salaried people without security: all bust-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bid.
$100,000 TO lean on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg Co., 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room L
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 23 Taylor at.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. fo& Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL IXSTRUJIEXTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac>
commoOated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any Urns
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights EOld for $C cash and
?5 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $1. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN'. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house weft of Chicago; '
agent peerless Heine and Hallet & Davis.
Boston's oldest and most famous piano, and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase.
3 Heine uprights $K7
1 Mason & Hamlln 300
2 Steinways » 105
1 Chlckering 153
1 Marshall & Wendell 65!
1 Emerson 33 !
HKINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.; open)
evenings.
THE old reliable Decker & Son pianos; estab-
lished In 1856; are found not only in the par-
lors of the wralthy, but also In the families
where a flrst-class article is desired without
being obliged to pay an exorbitant price.
They can bo had In small sizes with plain
case at a figure within tha reach of most
any one, and as the tone and action Is the
best, they are real bargains. We s-11 them
on payments if desired. THE 7.ENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house-
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'8. i«.
23 and 30 O'Fnrrel! St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all gralas
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BARGAIN LIST.
Conover Walnut. Behr Bros, mahogany. Ster-
ling walnut. Bacon ebontzed Hallet & Davis.
Halncs Bros., at sacrifice; $14) up. BENJ.
CURTAZ St SON. 16 O'Farrell st.. Chickertng
agency.
HIGH-GRADE plano3; Steck. Kardman. Con-
over & others. XV. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post
NEUMAN upright^ $73: Sherwood. SS3: Peek.
1100; other bargains. BRUENX. SOS Post st.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market st. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shpnlnger agency.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand urrlghts;
small Installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister. |
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Maury. Gabler, Splel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. 303 Post st.
FINE large 3-pedal upright piano; must be sac-
rificed In 6 days; leaving city. 332 Turk st.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers. old and new. iF
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A clennlng out of pianos for storage ; dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market.
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMIT7. 16 McAllister st. next Hlb. Bank.
MUSICAL INSTniJCTION.
GOOD German piano teacher: lately arrived;
lessons, month $5. 216 Golden Gate are.
OFFICES AND STOUES TO LET.
NICE furnished office and workroom for a den-
tist In a physician's house on Van Ness ave.
Box 376. Call office. .
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, S30 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country corr ¦esT>ond?nc» solicited.
OIL LANDS POR. SALE.
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River field for
rale; no stock proposition; no wildcat scheme-
this Is sure territory In the largest and b»st
known field In California. If you want to form
a company buy good land en the line of the
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN & SOMES
& C. MASON, agent, -oom 101. Chronicle bid.
A FORTUNE for JSCO— The first U. S. patent
oil land on th» market In 20-acre tracts; ser._
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLEY. 916 Market c^. S. F.
PALMISTRY.
H^JEROME l^O^SELLlT^clentlflc palmlstTTt;
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. B.acK 5S1.
MME..NEERGAARD. 700 Post; tel. Hyd» 2932;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment, j
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. %t-yer. Ex-tntae? b?g
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN of 30. dark-complexioned with
good position in city, wishes acquaintance of
lady of about the same age with money
enough to make her Independent. Box 404
Call office.
PERSON that was seen taking tmrs« at 1»*
Powell return to 102 Ellis; no questions asked
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, 12 23. Eastern Outfitting Co.. U10-
1312 Stockton at. near Broadway. \[
OPERA hair styles; the very newest: on!- 23e-
doll wigs a specialty: also hair ornaments"
switches. $1. LEDERER. 123 Stockton^"!
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jenle st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel South 73- :
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed ;. uphol-
stered, furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 21S and 32i) Hth st.
E H^t^T R « G T 1 >lFJ^ t J n « ver y'°°ra-Wlnchester
Hotel.. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c tp Jl 50 per night; *1 50 to S3 per week :
¦ free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FRED MANN." magnetic healer of nervous and
other diseases, specialist In head trouble and
rheumatism: pamphlet sent free. 848 McAlllstr.
SUITS to order on Installments; J15 upward- SI
„ a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market at be-
tween Soventh and Eighth.
./- PERSO5ALS.
MASQUERADE costnmes. play books, wigs":
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
LEDERER'S Qutntonlca Is a superb hair tonic;
unsurpassed: 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
FINE suits, $10: dress pants. |3 7S. MISFIT
CLOTHINO PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A-$3 S3 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 T3. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at. near Pina.
MRS. Dr. James positively cures rheumatism
without drugs or medicine. 23 Eddy. rm. 30.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. HO 8utter.
USE LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo. It will
keep >our hair fresh and clean; 5c package.
ASK for unequa!ed D. P. Black Saede Glores:
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by tratned
male nnrsa from the East. 334 CFatrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; S>c; all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1644 M!rt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEN K EL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restore- gray
hair to Its natural color: SI: at all druggist*.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C C. Or DPNNELL— Of flee and residence.
1021^ Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. OU.VX. 530 California
street. S. F. Savings Union building.
TO owners of lots north of the Park, bet— een
First and Twentieth avenues. Lak- and D
streets— I have ca-ls fcr lots; I hare fold
everything that was ver7 cheap that I had
to offer. Parties wanting to sell are asked
to call. I want a new list of property. W. J.
GUNN. 530 California st. between Montgom-
ery and Kearny.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. S30 California st.
$i2M— JUST finished; a large 9-room residence,
containing salon parlors, dining-room and re-
ception hall, highly decorated 3 wood man-
tels kitchen, slnkroom. 5 bedrooms and largi
hard-finlshM basement: on Waller St.. 1
block from Halght. between Pierce and Scott:
terms, one-quarter cash, balance $43 montmjr
at 6 per cent.
V.ODERN houses built: lowest r-rices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In ths
United States, postr-wld. for $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
IC ACRES level, sandy loam; 1 mile from Peta-
luma: 4-room hard-flnlshed house: well: barn;
poultry houses: $1400: terms to suit; write for
free list. J. W. HORN. Petaluma. Cal.
IIGAI, ESTATES TO K.VCIIAAGK.
NEW -rcttace. 6 rms.. bath: lot 50x100: Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lota. 413 Kearny st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
nOOMS AND BOARD.
WE can offer elegant suite of rooms and board
In an elegant private home in Atameda to
refined couple; references required. Box 363.
Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFriCE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sal? in Oakland— By order Hibernla Bank:
2-«tory house, double parlors, dlnlng-rooirfand
kitchen; 6 good bedrooms; bathroom; closets;
pantry: lavatories; corner; lot o0xl25; 1 bloc*
from Telegraph-ave. electric line; only $3000;
easy terms if desired; Just renovated and In
perfect condition.
HERON & HOLCOMB.
1C60 Broadway. Oakland.
$27CO-ACTUALLY worth $4000.
House, 8 rooms, bath: modern: first-class con-
dition, reighborhocd and surroundings; fine lot;
sunny; 2 blocks to broadgauge trains, school,
cars and business center; part cash. J. S.
MYER3 & CO.. 10CI Broadway. Oakland.
A — $1500; modern 5- room colonial cottage: larga
lot; lawn, flowers, garden ; beautiful place; 19th
st.. nr. 13th ave.. Oakland; U2 mo.; worth
$?000: must sell; terms. Box 233. Call office.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get from GEO. W. AU3-
TIN & CO.. 1003 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
f-jrnlfnre dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
'rooms for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 34S — Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
GOLDEN GATE av-.. KT— Sunny suite; clean,
comfortable; gas stove: running watir.
HOWARD. 10S2\i — 2 completely furnished sunny
rooms; running water; also others.
JUNIPER. 2, off Folsom. between Tenth and
Eleventh— Two unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: bath; rent $3.
LARKIN, 1C1S. near Washington— 2 sunny un-
furnished rooms, with carpets.
MARKET, nr. Mason — Larca room and kit-
chen, folding bed. gas, $10. Call 342 Kearny st.
OAK. 119—1 large sunny room, furnished for
housekeeping; clean; see It; closet; $3.
PERRY. 174 — Two large nicely furnished house-
kpg rms.; hot cold water, bath; reasonable.
POLK. 717 — Two furnished rooms for light
housekeeping, with us* of bath.
SILVER. 165. near Fourth— 2 cr 3 rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; cheap.
TEHAMA. 42. — Housekeeping rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LBT — Fora, and I'nfnrn.
A—BRUNSWICK House. i« Sixth— Rooms 23o
to $1 per night; Jl 25 to $3 per wee-, and Ugac
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 14K Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
EDDY. 204S — Sunny furnished room; nuon-
able. ,
FOLSOM. S63. cor. «th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms., single, suites; reasonable.
GEARY. 403 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
ran; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. 7S4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; private; $1 a week up.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market st -Suite of t or I
v.rms.; private- bath; sin, rms; board optional.
McCLHLLAND. 100 Turk st.— Changed hands;
newly renovated: all rooms facing either
Turk or Jones st: rent reasonable.
MINNA. C03— Lars* sunny furnished front room
In a private family to let
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $3 a week up: 3Sc a day up.
O'FARRELL. M— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POST. 631— To rent, small furnished front room:
neither drink nor smoke in the house: Prot-
estant Christian preferred; $5 per month.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.-Incandescent light;
readlng-rocm. smoking-room and ladles par-
lor; rcoms. per night. 33c to $1 50; week. $3 to
$3; month. $S to ttO: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot twt cold water; baths,
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night 23c to $1, week $125 to $4; open night
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH 136— Furnished suite of rooms. 3iltaM*
for business; privilege of light houae'tefpln.-T.
THIRTIETH. 27>-S nice sunny furnished
rooms to let: flne view; private family.
VAN NESS. 1100— Newly furnished sunny
t>o— s: very convenient: large closets.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call hranch office. 2200 FlHmore st.
A BRANCH offlc« for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lovi
Va>-clr* wt.
~~ ROOMS A.VD BOARD.
SELECT family hotel; new Interior: three spe-
cial dinners weekly; rates to establish, so:
California st.
TEHAMA. 217— Room and board; private fam-
lly; H I*r week.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First st. near Har-
rieon.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call. 1«
¦ pages, la wrapper, for malllr... ¦ Si per year.Pig Stern (owner) -with - Conlln & Roberts
(contractors), architect Richard H.- Hunt— Roof
covering:, leaders, metal flishlnB. duck cover
ing cutters, chimney tflw, screens, hoppers
skylights, etc.. for a two-story, basement and
attic. frame building, covered outside with wire
cloth and plaster, on lot 'commencing- at a
point .14:10 N~of Paclflc-avenus curb line and
15 K of Octavia-i-treet curb * line. - thence ¦ N
ir::TJi. E 70:6. S 132'.7U, W 70:8; J5M.
.) George W. Harlow . (owner) with E. Clemen
sen (contractor), architect » All. work for
a one-story and basement cottage with barn in
«ar on NW corner of Twenty-flfth (Yolo) and
Mississippi streets, N 100 by "W" 50 p O i rBrn
Nuevo = 2S3; $2300. ¦ . . * rolrero
Builders' ' Contracts.
Charles Freund, motorman of a Bryant
street car, was arrested last night on a
charge of battery. He was taken to the
Hall of Justice ajio> released on ball Earlv
In the evening a widow named Mrs F
Momm. residing at 1331 San Bruno avenue*
after completing her duties as janltresa
of a Harrison-street school, attempted to
cross the track at Bryant and Twentv
fourth streets. Apparently she did not
notice the car approaching. She wm
knocked down and badly Injured and sent
to the- Railroad "Hospital for treatment
Her condition was considered precarious
and at a late hour It was feared she
would die from her injuries.
Victim of Car Accident.
The performance for the benefit of tha
Universal Service Society laat night at
Sherman & Clay's Hall afforded a great
deal of pleasure to a large audience. The
numerous selections rendered by the bliml
musicians were gems and were heartily
applauded. Following was the pro
gramme: Piano solo, Mme. P. Prill- clar
ionet solo. Henry Foster; baby specialties
Miss Mary Pettee; zither soio. Lewi " p f
Zeis: piano solo. A. Terwilll^er: sone"
Frank King; cornet solo. Miss Jessie Mil
ler; piano solo. Henry Foster.
. After the rendition of the programme
the floor was cleared and several hour*
spent in dancing. The affair was under
the management of L. P. BacigaluM
Slind Artists Give a Benefit
Branch Hydrographlc- Office. TJ. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. CaL
November 22, 1900. . - *
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferrr
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
t, , "" ¦' C. Q. CALKINS, •
Lieutenant Commtnacr. XJ. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide ot the day. except - when there - are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtractr-d from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Height* of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th* high and low waters occur at th»
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
belffhi of tide Is the same at both places.
FRESNO. Nov. 22.— Con Daly, who says
he Is a member of the bakers' union -at
Ix>s Angeles, and is a stranger here,- suf
fered the loss of both feet by being run
over by the yard switch engine a-t the
Southern Pacific depot this forenoon. By
standers say. that he deliberately threw
himself under, the, wheels. He was -taken
out from between the wheels of the. tank
and the engine. He- has < three sisters liv
ing In Boston. Daly Is at the county hos
pital.
Loses Both Feet.
BTOCKTON, Nov. 22.— Mrs. Katherine
King, a Stockton pioneer, died last even-
Ing at her home In this city at the age
of 73 years. In the death of Mrs. King
Stockton loses the oldest lady inhabitant'
a distinction of which she- was Justly
proud. The deceaseu was Mrs. Morton
when she came to this State in 1848 with
her husband. v:ho was a member of the
memorable. Stevenson's regiment of New
York- Volunteers. Mrs. King came to
Stockton In 1849 and has lived here ever
since. There were only four white women
In the place when she arrived, and they
have since died. She passed away In the
place where she originally settled, now
an old house on Lindsay street, between
Hunter and San Joaquln streets. Mrs.
King raised a family of twelve children
In the midst of early hardships and pri
vations incident to pioneer life. Seven of
them survive her. ;
Mrs. Katherine King.
Harris made his money In Rossland
mines, being associated with Senator
Turner and others in the War Eagle and
Le Roi.
BPOKANE, Wash.. Nov. 22.— The dl
vorca troubles of William J. Harris, the
wealthy mining: man, ended to-day, when
Judge Prather approved stipulations dis
missing six suits aggregating nearly $300,
000 brought against Harris by his wife and
Judge Richardson granted her a decree
of divorce. Harris agrees to give her
$125,000. as provided In their original agree
ment, and settles $25,000 upon her daugh
ter Louise, besides paying the wife a
large additional sum, the amount of which
is kept secret.
Wife of Wealthy Mining Man
Secures a Decree.
DIVORCE FOR MRS. HARRIS.
Pensions Issued to-day: California-
Original— Andrew C. Shepperd, San
Diego, $6.
Oregon — Increase — George W. Wiley.
Milwaukee. $12.
Washington — Original, Widows^ — Rebec
ca J. Sargent, Aberdeen, $S.
The Postmasters at Fullerton and
Fruitvale. California, will become Presi
dential on December 1. The salaries of
the Postmasters will be $1100 each.
Oregon— M. E. Page. Clatskanle, Colum
bia County, vice H. L.' Warren, removed.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22,-Postofflce
established: 'Washington— Reynolds, Lew
is County. John W. Reynolds, postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned : California —
Frances A. Myers, Grapeland.
Appoint^!: California— J. B. William
son, Moorpark, Ventura County, vice I. C.
Villegas. resigned; Martin Jongeneel,
Trask, Sacramento County, vice P. J. Van
Lohon Sele. removed.
Postofflces Established, Postmasters
Appointed and Pensions Granted.
INTEEESTS THE COAST.
Attorney Nutter made the sensational
charge in the afternoon that Martin and
Mrs. Stella. Williams had arranged to get
Williams In a quarrel by himself, kill
him and then swear the killing was justi
fiable. He accused Martin of breaking up
Williams' home, and his sensations
startled the spectators frequently.
BTOCKTON. Nov. 22.— W. B. Nutter
spoke to-day for the -defense) of Captain
Williams, the slayer of William Martin of
Oakland. Tbe jury will be instructed by
Judge Jones in the morning. Mr. Nutter
denied the contention of the prosecution
that the burden of -proof in a murder trial
rested with the defense. District Attorney
Ashley stated yesterday In his argument
that when the lacta of the shooting were
proven as they wore admitted In the Wil
liams trial, the burden of proof rested
with the defense. Jf the latter was not
able to prove that the killing was cither
excusable or justifiable then the jury
should convict.
Charges.
ARGUMENTS IN WILLIAMS CASE
Attorney Nutter Slakes Sensational
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Victoria, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamburg.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Nov 22-Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool, for New York.
LIZARD— Passed Nov 22— Stmr La, Cham
pagne, from New York, for Havre.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 22— Stmr New Eng
land, for Queenstown and Boston.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Nov 22-Stmr Potts
dam, for New York. " ¦
PORT "A RTHUR— Arrived . ; Nov 21 — Stmr
Flintshire, from San Francisco, via Hiogo.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived -i Nov 21— Stmr Glen
ogle. - from Yokohama, for Hongkong.
Sailed Nov. 17 — Stmr Glenlochy, from Shang
hai, for Taeoma.: - ¦
HONGKONG— Arrived; prior to Nov 22-Stmr
Rio Jun Mam, from Seattle,, via; Yokohama;
stmr'Taroma. from Taeoma. via Yokohama.
Nov 22 — Stmr Beaconshlre,* from Tacoma." via;
Hlcro,' etc ¦ •
LIVERPOOL— Failed Nov 22— Stmr Pennland.
for Philadelphia. *
PLYMOUTH- Arrived Xov 22-Stmr Augruste
OCEAN STEAMERS
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, for San Francisco..
MAZATLANr-Salled Nov. 20— Stmr Curacao,'
for San Francisco. J
AUCKLAND— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Alame
da hence Nov 1.
VICTORIA— Sailed Nov tl— Br bark Kllmal
lle. for Tacoma.
Arrived Nov 21— Stmr San Jose, hence Nov IS.
Passed up Nov 21— Br stmr Wellington, hence
Nov 17. for Chemelnu*. • — - '-;-.-
COI.ON— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
Sailed Nov. VS— Stmr AUlanca. for New York.
- FALMOUTH— Arrived Nov 21— Br bark East
African, from Oregon.
LIMERICK— Passed* Nov 21— Br ship Shan
don/ from Seattle, for Queenstown.
"HONGKONG — Sailed -Nov- 81 — Br ttmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver. .
MANILA— Arrived Nov 21— Br stmr Wye
field, hence Oot 13.
TSINTAU—Arrlved Nov 22— Br ship Helga.
f rom ' New l York. ¦» ,
VICTORIA— Sailed Not 22— Br stmr Victoria,
for Yokohama. . ¦ .
FOREIGN PORTS.
, ARRIVED.
/ Thursday, November 22.
Etmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 43% hours from
San Dtejro. etc. f«
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, 100 hours from Ta
coma. . • •
Stmr Newburg. Peterson, 72 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 12 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Pomona, Bhea. 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson. SO hours from Ban
I>leeo. via- San Pedro 41 hour*. • ¦
¦U S etmr Philadelphia, Meade, 43 hours from
Ban Diero. t
Br ship Bermuda, Kohn, 155 days from. Ant
werp. - ' ¦ • •
Bark Kate Davenport. Merrlman, < days from
Port Blakeley.- ¦ '
CLEARED.
• Thursday, November Ti.
6tmr Marlposa. Rennle, Honolulu and Syd
ney: J I> Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousin?. Victoria: • Goodall,
.Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr TVashtenaw, Zollln? Nanalmo': S P Co.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pedenren, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. November $2.
Etmr Navarro, Peterson, How-ens Landing.
Stmr Scotia. WalvJr. RockDort.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Puget
Sound rorti.
Stmr Eureka, Jensen. Eureka. . -•
Whaling stmr Chas W Morgan. Earle, whal
ing;.
.Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Chemalnus.
Ship Berlin. Bennett. Tacoma.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Bchr Zampa. Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Melancthon. OlBen, Coos Bay.-
Schr Metha Nelson, Christiansen. Kahulul.
Schr Ksther Buhne. Salvmsen. Eureka.
Schr Del Norte. Jacobnen, Rogue River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 22, 10 p m— "Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 4 miles.
SPOKEN.
Nov 6, lat 14 15 N. Ion "119 41 "W— Br bark
Inveramsay, hence Oct 27. for Queenstown.
Aug 7. lat 8 53 N. Ion 12 21 W— Br shlo Ben
Dearg, from Shields, for Santa Rosalia. .
MISCELLANEOUS. *
VENTURA. Nov 22— Weather has moderated
and the schr John F Miller has been hauled out
from the wharf,- but is badly damaged about
DOMESTIC PORTS..
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Farallon. for
Arrived Nov 22— Stmr Rainier, hence Nov 18.
H1IX>— Sailed Nov 9— Barjf Santiago, for San
Francisco. • '
KAHULUI— Arrived Nov 4— Schr 8 T Alex
ander, hence Oct 17; schr Ottlllie Fjord, from
Eureka Nov 6 — Ship Columbia, from Tacoma.
Sailed Nov 1— Schr Dora - Bluhm. for San
Francisco. Nov 3— Bark Carrollton. for Ta-
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Not 21— Stmr Brunswick,
for Ban Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Alcazar,
for Ban Franclsoo.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov 22— Bktn Bt
nlcla. from Port Townsend ;•
Sailed Nov 2S— Bktn Skaglt, for Hllo.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nov 22— Stmr* Noyo
and Sequoia, hence Nov 2L
Sailed Nov 22— Stmr National City, for .
REDONDO— Sailed Nov 22— Stmr San Pedro,
for San Francisco,
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 22— Stmr Alliance and
schr Laura Pike, for San Francisco; schr
Emma Utter, for San Pedro
¦ EUREKA— Sailed Nov 22— Stmr. Samoa, for
San Francisco. ; »• . •<•
Arrived Nov 22— Stmr laqua, hence Nov 21.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 22— Dutch bark Pax,
from Yokohama. " -.
-PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Nov 22^ — Br baric
Kilmalle. from Vancouver.
Arrived Nov 21— Br bark Adderly, from Hono-
Salled Nov 22— Fchir Forest Home, , for Val
paraiso; bktn Skaarlt. .for Hilo.
Shipping Intelligence.
The steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with the following cargo valued at
$10,18$: 27- cs arms and ammunition, OCK> tbs
beans. 7 bales bags, 63 cs canned good*. €9)
lbs chocolate, 769 lbs coffee. 15 kegs catsup. 1
cs dry goods. 13 cs drugs, 21.033 lbs dri-*l fruit.
114 bxs fruit, 6 cyls gas, 84 cb hardware, 4>>
sheet*- Iron, 1800 lb« lard. 6 rolls leather, 71
C8 lemons. 9 pkgs machinery, 14,200 lbs malt,
1440 lbs mlllstufts. 7323 lbs nuts, 55 crs cnlons.
6 bdls pipe. 90 cs paste, SSI bxs raisins. 15
bars steel, 8 cs oil. 10 ~egs olives, 63 crs terra
cotta building material, 10 era sewing: ma
chines, 18 pkgs vegetables, 1048 gals wine. |
Merchandise for Victoria.
f NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Langdale loads wheat at Portland fcr
Europe.
Roienfeld'a coal bunkers were on fire
yesterday. The rain started spontaneous
combustion and a string' of wagons had
to be kept going all day removing the
smoldering coal heap.
The cruiser Philadelphia arrived from
San Diego yesterday. She will coal here
and then start for Central America.
The Logan came off the drydock yester
day. She will coal in the stream and sail
for Manila about the middle of next
month.'
The Aztec will sail to-day for Manila
with mules and commissary stores.
Water Front Notes.
Miner Goodall rtrove it home. It was a
most interesting sight and all the Invited
guests enjoyed the ceremony.
NEW TWIN-SCREW STEAMER GENERAL FRISBIE, WHICH WILL PLY
BETWEEN SAN FRANCISCO, VALLEJO AND MARE ISLAND IN 6f-
POSITION TO THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Join at Honolulu for Pago Pago— J. H. Booth,
Mason Mitchell.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— F. R. Dellett.
R. Deekln. II. Estlnghausen, C. A. Field and
wife. W. W. Funge Jr., E. C. Wilson.
The steamer Mariposa carries a cargo of gen
eral merchandise valued at HS2.266. manifested
as follows: For Australia, $94,433; for New
Zealand, J3fi.0R5; for Bamoa, $1745. The follow
ing were the principal shipments:
For Australia— 5 cs arms i and ammunition,
300 gals beer. 66,000 lbs bluestone. 30 c« cand:.'.
6136 cs canned roods. 66.700 lbs codfish, 32 ca
drypoods, 8 s cs drugs, 22,900 rbp dried fnilt,
2000 lt)B evaporated fruit, 4 cs electrical. goods.
W00 dxb apples, 4 cs fuse, 78 cs fireworks, 18
pkffs groceries and provisions. 20 cs glassware,
1?.7C9 rtis hops, 24 pkgrs household goods,- 6 bxa
Iron chain. 11 rolls 10 pkgs leather. 160 kepe
white lead, 68 pkga machinery, 900 tt>» mill
stufta, 352 bdls newspapers, 45 bbls oil, JS cs
paper, 43 cs paint, 6 cs rubber goods, 181 cs
raisins, 38 cs ehoes, 2000 tbs seed, 7664 it 100
half-bbls salmon. 8 bbls whal« oil, S half-bbla
34 ce whisky. -' •
For New Zealand — 2 ca arms and ammuni
tion, 10,207 lbs beans, 3070 cs canned goods, W
ftB codfish, 6 cs drj-foods, 43,060 lb» dried
fruit, 200 bxs fruit. 19,807 lbs hops, 18 era mill
work. 16 pkgs machinery. 20 sa mlllstuffs. 8:9
bdls newspaper, 36 bdla pipe, 14 crs nape, S
ca rubber 723 cs raisins, 6 ca ehjja, 4
cs saddlery. 360 cs salmon..
For Samoa— 3 c» drygoods, 450 ttm dried
fruit, 68 cs canned roods, 2 tons coal, 83 pkfts
groceries and provlslona, 60 cs ¦ aalmon, 1 bbl
oil, 20 crs onions.
New Vallejo Steamer.
The General Frisbie, built at New
Whatcom for the trade between here, and
Vallejo. will soon reach San Francisco,
She will be engined here and on her trial
Is expected to make twelve knots. : She
will carry no freight except small stuff,
and Is expected to make as good time as
the railroads. She will be 162 feet between
perpendiculars. , twenty-five feet beam,
nine feet six Inches draught and will be
all In all/a model passenger ship.
p »
Captain Benson Injured.
Stories of the storm are still coming in.
Some of ;- them are laughable and some
are serious. Captain Benson of the Zin
fandel thinks the gale was no laughing
matter, btitr nevertheless, he has to laugh
when he thinks , of how he ,came to be
knocked out. The Zinfandel was on her
way from Napa to San Francisco when
the gale came up. Captain Benson was
Just going on watch. The steamer! was
rounding a curve when a gust of Wind
threw her against a' bank and the wheel
went around like a- top. The rudder had
struck a ledge and that threw, the , wheel
over. Captain Benson attempted to seize
it and was thrown on his. heam ends,
breaking his ieg in two places, against
the cabin wall. On the arrival of 'the
steamer here he ' was removed to a hos
pital and Is now, doing fairly well..
The First : Rivet Driven.
There was quite a time at the Union
Ironworks yesterday. The first rivet In
the hull of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's hew steamer for the. Alaskan
trade •• was - driven . and '¦ crowds ¦ witnessed
the ceremony. - General Shafter held- the
rivet In plare.whlle' Captain Reiter of the
battleship Wisconsin and Captain Charles
The Oceanic Steamship Company's llar
iposa got away late last night for Aus
tralasia. It Is many a moon since a' steam
ship left San Francisco with such a pas
senger list. When Captain Howard, super
intendent of the steamship line, learned
how many passengers were going, he at
once cut short on the freight, and the re
sult is that nearly 500 tons of freight is
lying on the wharf. The passengers will
get the benefit and the freight will not
suffer.
Those who. went away in the cabin of
the Mariposa were:
Honolulu— W. H. Bailey and wife. Miss M.
H. Bailey and maid, C. Bolte. Ben Bruno,
Charl*3 E. Bryant. Captain B. F. Chapman,
J. IC Farley, C. H. B. Fowler. E. T. Hall.
Mra. C. Hedemann and child, F. Hustac« and
wife. Miss M. Jamieson. T. S. Kay, James
Klrtwell. Professor Ko«bele and wife. Master
Koebele, Fergus F. MacWUkle. Miss H. Mc-
Carthy, A. H. Chesney. Mrs. M. McNamara.
H. J. Nolte. Mrs. P. Peck, Miss E. Peck, MUs
M. Peck. Miss S. Peck. Miss Poston. T. B.
Richards and wife, A. Robinson. J. G. Roth
well. W. 14. Raiding and wife. A. A. True
blood, C. AI. Walton, wife and son; Miss L.
Ward, Alex Youns. .
Auckland— L. A. Bachelder, wife and child;
A. I. Benedict. Baron Bultzlncslotren. J. Cot
ter and wife-. Miss G. Cotter. P. F. Flood, Miss
G.. E. Flood, James Horn, Mrs. R. House,
James G. Lamb, James Leslie, Miss A. Leslie,
F. R. Packham, E. II. Patterson. Mrs. T. E.
Toneycllffe,
Sydney— G. Seals, J. S. Bentley and wife,
E. P. Bevan. T. H. Bla<«lcall. Edward Cave.
Oeonre Claikson. James Cumin?. Miss Cumins.
Wyndham J. Davies, Jamen Evans, Mrs. M.
Flynn and child, Charles Franklin, C. Gard
ner, wife and child; Master Gardner, Charles
Garrettdon. H. J. Gerritson. C. C. H. Gib
bons. Mies Sarah Hart. Frederick R. Hogarth,
Mrs. 11. S. Howell. Mrs. T. K. James. W. H.
Johnson, George Knox, Captain Robert Laurie
and wtfe./Stanley Learmouth, wife and three
children; T. W. Llssaman, Mrs. J. McGinnis,
F. aicPhall, F. H. Miller and wife. R. D.
Millet. W. Mitchell, Alex Moir. Miss O.
Moore. R. D. Rlano, wife and child: Miss M.
Robertson, A.' Rofe. R. L. Scrutton. Miss C. M.
Scrutton, V. C. Sharp, W. N. Stace, R. S.
Wall, Mrs. L. N. WeUlar, . Mrs. M. William
son A. IX Wltherby. S. G. Wright and wife,
C. G. Youne and wife, M. Zeltner and wife. A.
The Mail Boat Was Crowded With
Passengers and Freight.
SAILING OF THE MABIPOSA.
R. H. Wakefield Underbids Three Local Firms for the
. Biggest Water-Front Contract So. Far Let.
ONCE more an outside. contractor
has come in and captured a big
contract from under the hands of
the local men. This time it Is R.
v H. Wakefleld of Portland, and
the contract he has Becured is the big
gest plum the Harbor Commission has had
to deal out. For 5326.S47 he has agreed to
build four new wharves and two ferry
Blips. . Bids for the work were opened by
the Harbor Commission yesterday and hl3
figures were accepted.
The bids were called for wharves to be
erected in the vicinity of the Lombard
street slips. It is the intention to move
the slips from the south to the north Bide
of Lombard-street pier, and In the space
left between Lombard-street pier and pier
17, which projects from the front between
Green and Union streets, to build four
covered wharves. This will do away with
the present fishermen's wharf, and the
fishermen will have to be located else
where.
Bids were called for the construction of
"car ferry slips 1 and 2; pier 19, Union
street wharf; pier 21, Filbert-street
wharf; pier 23, Greenwich-street wharf
No. 1; pier 25, Greenwich-street wharf No.
2." Individually, and a separate bid for
the whole work, was also required.
The bids and bidding were as follows:
R. H. Wakefleld— Slips, $72,895; pier 19, $61,
7S9; pier 21, J64.SS3; pier 23. J83.S75; pier 25,
J63.1S5. Bid for all five works, $326, £47.
L. H. Flerson— Slips, $105,000; pier 19, $85,000:
pier 21, $55,000; pier 25, $90,000; pier 25, $S0,000.
Bid for all five works. $450,000.
City Street Improvement Company— Blips,
$78,484; pier 19, $67,837; pier 21, $69,813; pier 23,
169,445; pier 25, $69,445. Bid for all live works,
$353,000.
James A. McMahon— Slips, $89,600. No other
bids. ¦
Dundon Bridge Company— Slips, $S4,7S3; pier
18, J67.400; pier 21. $74,477; pier 23, $73,737; pier
25, $72,SS3. Bid for all five works, $373,290.
. It was seen that In both the individual
and the collective bids Wakefleld was by
far the lowest, and so on motion of Com
missioner lierold he - was awarded the
contract. It is a long contract, but Mr.
Wakefield Fays he is going to put tne
work through as rapidly as possible. He
believes it will take him three or four
months at least to complete each wharf.
Wakefleld has bid on the contract in his
own behalf, and he is not certain which
one of the firms in which he has interests
will take charge of the work. He is a
member of Wakefleld & Jacobs, that has
been doing the jetty work at Coos Bay;
also of Smith, Wakefield & David, doing
the reservoir work at Seattle, and also of
Wakefleld & Bridges, general contractors
of Portland, Or. It is his belief now that
the firm of Wakefield & Bridges will take
up the contract he has Just secured. Most
of the material, he says, will be brought
here from the Columbia River and hla
own people will handle all of it.
The fishermen will be moved to a place
now being built for them between the end
of the extension of the seawall and Black
Point. A breakwater is being built, and
in the lee of the bluffs of the point the
boats can He as snugly as at any place
along the front.
CONTRACTOR FROM OREGON GETS
A PRIZE PLUM FROM HARBOR BOARD
Authority wbs given to J. Ross Clark
and T. E. Gibbon to determine between
the two surveys already made between
Los Angeles and Riverside and- to let a
contract for the construction of the road.
While Perry S. Heath has been named as a
director, his connection with the road may
extend much further than his duties as a
director. Overtures Have been made to
him to take an active part in the con
struction and operation of the road.
It was decided to build a road at once
from Los Angeles to Riverside, a distance
of about fifty miles, the construction of
which will cost, approximately, with roll
ing stock, $2,000,000. It was also ivoted to
purchase additional locomotives, passen
per and freight cars for the Loa Angeles
Terminal road, now in operation.
The Empire Construction Company was
organized with a paid up capital of $1,000,
000. This corporation will undertake the
entire construction of the new road and
will be paid in bonds of the railroad com
pany. The president of the construction
company Is J. Ross Clark, with T. E. Gib
bon as vice president. A development
company was also organized with Thomas
Kerens as president; Perry S. Heath,
vice president, and R. C. Kerens Jr. as
secretary. The development company
will have a capital of $5,000,000 and will
control all the town Bites, real estate and
coal and mineral lands along, the line of
the road, Including the property of the
Los Angeles Terminal Road.
The road, when completed, will have a
trackage of 1100 miles and will absorb the
Los Angeles Terminal Railroad, fifty-one
miles in length, with 'all its property and
franchises, including between 3CO0 and 4009
acres of land and embracing all the
wharfage of the San Pedro harbor, about
two miles in length. The Los Angeles
Terminal Road, in which Senator Clark
now has a large Interest, will be taken
over by the new company at a valuation
of $5.W0.O00.
The incorporators of the road were all
named directors, in addition to whom
David Keith. C. O. Whittemore, S. A.
Bemls. A. H. Hanlin and "W. B. Clark
were also selected. The directors named
the following officers: President, "W. A.
Clark; first vice president. R. C. Kerens;
second vice president. J. Ross Clark; third
vice president, T. E. Gibbon; secretary,
T. F. Miller; treasurer, F. K. Rule.
The capital stock of the company is
placed at $25,000,000, of which $6,000,000 has
already been paid up. The directors of
the company are: W. A. Clark, Montana;
C. W. Clark, Montana; R. C. Kerens, Mis
souri; E. W. Clark, Missouri; G. B. Leigh
ton, Missouri; J. Ross Clark, California;
T. F. Miller. California; Perry S. Heath,
"Washington; Thomas Kerens. Utah; W.
S. McCormick, Utah, and Reed Srnoot",
Utah.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Nov. 22.— The talk
which has been current for the past three
months regarding a direct railroad con
nection between this city and Los Angeles
took final 6hape to-day in the agreement
for corporation of the Los. Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and the
enterprise now seems assured.
Senator W. A. Clark and (associates who
are interested in the enterp^se met here
yesterday and went Into a conference
which lasted, until 2 o'clock this ¦ morn
ing. The articles' of Incorporation, which
had been drawn up by Attorneys Blbbon
and Whittemore, were discussed and ap
proved. The articles will be filed with the
Secretary of State to-morrow.
Incorporators of the New Enterprise
Are AllsNamed as Directors and
Senator Clark is Chosen
President
Line From Los Angeles to
Salt Lake Will Rapidly
Be Built.
CLARK'S RAILROAD
IS INCORPORATED
"It is my opinion that $S0 an acre Would
be a fair sum to pay for the entire prop
erty, and I say that if the State Lesi^in
ture Is Induced to authorize a pureha**?
the entire transaction should be com
pleted at one time. Let us nave it all cr
nothing. The forest conrains, without
doubt, the finest specimens of redwood in
the country. Should the State decfd* It
make a public reservation ot the land the
Southern Pacific Company would unciues
tionably extend the narrow-gauge railway
Into the district. The distance would V*»
about nine miles and the extension would
r.ot cost more than $75,000."
The owners of the land h*ve askeu *10>
Ptr acre, which the party was lnct-n^tl 10
think a bit exorbitant. Mr. MU13. tin *l'a
cussing the question yesterday." sai-J:*
"There are two sections or land which
have been offered for sale. One cover.*
about 160t> acres and the other about 7lo.
but between these two pieces there is a
apace of two and a half miles. Now if
we combine ownerships arid secure; the
entire tract, covering some 13.0W acres.
1 wouid approve of the pUicnas<*. but I
do not believe it would i>e advUiMk !<>
buy either one or both ot the • plcc-s
offered with the two-and-a-half-mils gay
between. It would destroy the beauty -,i
the reservation, and while this khp is -not
heavily ¦ timbered it would iiftord protec
tion to the creeks and main forest. Then
again It wouldn't be wise to have th»» »tr*a.
around the forest disturbed or subjctnl
to the ravages of fire. If «i»e State pur
chased the entire 13,000 acres it would
always be " desirable property. rvh-»h--r
used as a reservation or not. and would
enhance at a rate that would more thar.
be equal to the interest on the money ;r.
vested.
The party arrived at Bou!i!er Creek en
Monday and returned to this city Wednes
day evening. The object of the tn;> v.<»s
to explore the redwood belt in the 15:g
Bat<ln with a view toward ««elt!n^ some
fair price upon the property, mhich- it is
desired to have the ritate purchas*: for u
public park, thereby .-*avins the bea\»tii"ui
forest irom the ax of ihe woodman. Ar:
option on the lands tiesirtd ha> bee-.' or -
tained up to December i. when 5C*i.t«»
must either be deposited as part payment
or a proper guarantee lor the earns must
be given.
The Bis Basin at Santa Cruz is again
attracting the attention of prominent San
Francisco men who want to see the prop
erty converted into a State reservation.
A party of local capitalists, railroad ar.rt
professional men has just returned from
an inspecting tour of the basin. ' Amons
the party were William H. Mills, fand
agent of the Southern Pacific; James L.
r lood. Professor Benjamin . lde Wheeler,
Professor David Starr Jordan, the Rtv.
Father Kenna. Professor Dudley, Proie-»
sor Ornery Smith. W. O'B. Aiaedonough.
Hervey Lindley. J. H. Jackson. K. C. Kad
cllffe, "W. F. Perkins. General Chlpuuvi
and Captain Wells.
Visited the Big Basin With a View
of Putting Price on Property
For a State Reserva-
Party of San Francisco Men
Return Prom an Explor
ing Tonr.
TO PROTECT THE
FOREST GIANTS
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 22.— The trustees
of - the Preston School of Industry were
to have met here to-day In conference
with Governor Gage touching a successor
to D. S. Hirshberg, superintendent of- the
echool, resig-ped, but owing to the ab
ftenrr of thfe Governor from the city noth
ing was done. The trustees mot only long
enouph to accept the resignation of Major
R. M. Blair as military Instructor.
Preston Trustees Meet.
R J Burton. Leadvllle |
B Swinford & w. Cal|
TV* Osborne, Bt Louis
C Hope, Tacoma i
Dr Allen & w, Cal
J Eakle & w, Grafton]
J Mansfeldt. Freeno I
T J Ward, N Mexico
J H Eherer, Colusa '
H B Harrison. CaJ
H \V Darrell. SUnford
A B Jones. B Rafael
C M Hatcher. B Jose
O W Lowerr. S Jose
H Hlgglnbotham, Stkn
J P Pearson. L Banos
A J Playfalr, Cal
J C Lutgen. Berkeley
A Jeis. Oakland
F Fowden, Berkeley
W Rooker. Palo Alto
H Gross, Cal
J W Priest, Cal
E Whipple, Dccoto
J R Alken. Decoto
C Rackllff. Ferndale
J H Jenkins. Keeler
H Reed & w, Reedley
F Lemon. Boston
W Harcombe. Ogden
M F Evans 4 w. Ohio
J B Mullay. Portland
R 8 Booth. Eugene.
C E Elliott. Denver
J Foshay, Albany
H R Brown. Tucson
H C Carrier. Dawson
H J Baron, Wrangle
P Walton & w, Fresno
J Darling 4w,RI'
M Wright A. w. Eacto
L Prior. Euisun
R Prior & w, Stockton
D Btrelnwlte, Chicago
A Parfltt. Cal
J M Stone, Seattle
E L Barre, Chicago
A J Larson, Lodi
Mrs J Denman. Cal
J Denman, Petaluma
P B Miles, N Y
J Butler, N Y
W Carpenter, Wls
R W Gordon & w. Cal
J McBatn & w, Menlo
L Hellbron. Bacto
E Vanderlelth. Carson
W II Carell, Carson
Miss Vanderleith, Cars
Miss Bhlrland, Pacto
A Cobb, Lincoln
II L Moody. Redding
W Crowley, Benlcia
A Moreno, Costa Rica
A Machomlck &w, Cal
Mrs Pareon A d. Cal
J T Grace S Rosa
J Meyer. New Orleans
H Drukker. N Y
J C Collyer, Portland
PALACE HOTEL
C Oprenhelmer. N Y
O W Fenwlck & w.Cal
K H Vance. Eureka
EMe S Vance, Eureka
A M Tinker. Wa*h
S E Levf. St Joe
H G Stevenson & w, •
• Menlo Park
H R Roberts, Keswick
W <i Gcsslin. Portland
F V Green, N Y
A W Fev.all, N Y
D W King,
M A PmJth. Tucson
It H Manning. Tucson
G B Grifnth Jr. N Y
V E Schumberff, N Y
G P Chase, N T
J O Prltchard & w,NC
O J Brown & w. Ariz
J B Gildersleeve, Cal
E A Coult, Marysville
P Meirs & w, Cal
Roeamor.r] Meigs. Cal
Helen Mc!gs, Cal
Leonora Melgs, Cal
G B Gow. San Diego
H B Wood & w, Cal
W E Keller. Low Ang
IG XV Smith, N Mex
|A F Hilton. Kans
iJ H dishing, N Met
jW G Kevin. Los Anc
P Olsen, Lo* Angeles
:F B Sutton. Los Ang
rW E Mitchell. N Y
Mrs T H Hopkins. Or
.Mrs J H Wood ward, Or
J \V Ptrawn, Nev
R B Halnes. Los Ang
Mies Lion, Ban Jose
E M-Lion. S Jose
\C I>unphy, Millbrae
!O Smith. Milwaukee
i A Ilettena, Byron
!T Hopkins. Menlo Pk
,W ElsasEer. N Y
A A Goldschmidt. N T
; J II Bweetser & w, NY
. L B Carpenter, Denver
I A L Ptone & w. Oakld
jC A Missing, N Y
iDr AS Pinto, U P A
[HA Hurlburt & w.NY
; Babel M Brown. Chic
1 J P Smith. Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2$, 1900.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 23.
11
Steamer.
I Destination. |
Sails.
I Pier.
Corona Newport Nov. 23, 9 am Pier 11
Isls Harabg&way Nov. a. — am Pier •
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 21. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 24. !pm PUt 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 24. !ptn Pier 9
San Pedro. Humboldt Nov. 24. 10 am Pter 2
Albion Honolulu Nov. 24, 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa fan Diego Nov. 23. 9 am Pier 11
Czarina .... Seattle Nov. 2.">, 5 pm Pter 8
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 23, 10 am Pier t
Alliance ... Portl'd * C.B. Nov. it. » am Pier 20
Rival Wlllapa Nov. M. 3 pm Pier 2
Newburic .. Grays Harbor Nov. 26, 5 pm
8. Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 26. 10 am Pier I
Eureka .... Humboldt Nov. 27, 9 am Pier 13
City Puebla Victoria Nov. 27. U am: Pier »
rtonlta Newport Nov. 27. 9am!Plerll
Ktnplre .... Coos Bay Nov. 27. 19 amiPler 1.1
Queen San Dle*o Nov. 28. 9 am) Pter 11
Doric China & Japan Nov. 28. 1 pm PMSS
Acapulco .. N*w York..... Nov. 23, 13 m PMSS
Arcata ....[Coos Bay Nov. 39. 12 m Pier 13
Geo. Elder. I Portland |Nov. 29. 11 am Pter 24
Steamer. I ¦ From. - | -Du«.
From.
1
San Pedro Redondo JNov. tt
City of Puebla. Victoria [Nov. 23
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 23
Rival Willapa Harbor JNov. 24
Willamette Seattle Nov. 24
Nome City Cape Nome Not. 54
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 25
Bonita Newport Nov. 13
ProgreBo Tacoma Nov. K
Queen San Dl»*o Nov. 25
Kureka Humboldt Nov. 23
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 25
Mattewan Tacoma Nov. 25
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 23
O." W. Elder... Portland Nov. 21
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 26
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Nov. 27
Curacoa Mexico Nov. IT
Pomona % EureXa. Nov. 27
Del Norta Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 23
Corona m Newport Nov. 2S
Senator (Alaska & Puget Sound. Nov. 2S
Zealand!* Honolulu Nov. ZS
Australia Tahiti Nov. »
North Fork .... Humboldt Nov. 28
Rainier Seattle Nov. 2S
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 29
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 2)
Point Arena Point Arena Nov. 23
South Portland Seattle Nov. 30
Sun risrs .' 6:55
Sun sets 4:54
Moon sets 6:04 p. m.
a ITlme I Time {Time Time!
• 1 Ft. I Ft. I Ft. f Ft.
s |HW JL, W JH W L W|
23 ... 0:53 4.4 5:07 3.2 11:04 E.g «:13— O.«
24 ... '1:3$ 4.5 6:52 3.2 11:43 5.7 6:64 — 0 f
25... 1:22 4.« «:42 3.2 12:25 5.3 7:S6—0.4
26... 3:06 4.8 7:41 3.2 1;1S 6.2 8:22 — O.J
27 ... 3:50 5.0 8:50 3.2 2:19 4.9 9:12 0 2
25 ... 4:33 5.1 10:02 2.S 3:33 4.5 10:05 0.6
29 ... 5:16 5.3 11:16 2.2 5:00| 4.2 11:00 1.1
Sun risrs .' 6:55
Sun sets 4:54
Moon sets 6:04 p. m.
a ITlme I Time {Time Time!
• 1 Ft. I Ft. I Ft. f Ft.
s |HW JL, W JH W L W|
23 ... 0:53 4.4 5:07 3.2 11:04 E.g «:13— O.«
24 ... '1:3$ 4.5 6:52 3.2 11:43 5.7 6:64 — 0 f
25... 1:22 4.« «:42 3.2 12:25 5.3 7:S6—0.4
26... 3:06 4.8 7:41 3.2 1;1S 6.2 8:22 — O.J
27 ... 3:50 5.0 8:50 3.2 2:19 4.9 9:12 0 2
25 ... 4:33 5.1 10:02 2.S 3:33 4.5 10:05 0.6
29 ... 5:16 5.3 11:16 2.2 5:00| 4.2 11:00 1.1
Steamer.
I Destination. |
Sails.
I Pier.
Corona Newport Nov. 23, 9 am Pier 11
Isls Harabg&way Nov. a. — am Pier •
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 21. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 24. !pm PUt 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 24. !ptn Pier 9
San Pedro. Humboldt Nov. 24. 10 am Pter 2
Albion Honolulu Nov. 24, 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa fan Diego Nov. 23. 9 am Pier 11
Czarina .... Seattle Nov. 2.">, 5 pm Pter 8
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 23, 10 am Pier t
Alliance ... Portl'd * C.B. Nov. it. » am Pier 20
Rival Wlllapa Nov. M. 3 pm Pier 2
Newburic .. Grays Harbor Nov. 26, 5 pm
8. Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 26. 10 am Pier I
Eureka .... Humboldt Nov. 27, 9 am Pier 13
City Puebla Victoria Nov. 27. U am: Pier »
rtonlta Newport Nov. 27. 9am!Plerll
Ktnplre .... Coos Bay Nov. 27. 19 amiPler 1.1
Queen San Dle*o Nov. 28. 9 am) Pter 11
Doric China & Japan Nov. 28. 1 pm PMSS
Acapulco .. N*w York..... Nov. 23, 13 m PMSS
Arcata ....[Coos Bay Nov. 39. 12 m Pier 13
Geo. Elder. I Portland |Nov. 29. 11 am Pter 24
Steamer. I ¦ From. - | -Du«.
From.
1
San Pedro Redondo JNov. tt
City of Puebla. Victoria [Nov. 23
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 23
Rival Willapa Harbor JNov. 24
Willamette Seattle Nov. 24
Nome City Cape Nome Not. 54
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 25
Bonita Newport Nov. 13
ProgreBo Tacoma Nov. K
Queen San Dl»*o Nov. 25
Kureka Humboldt Nov. 23
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 25
Mattewan Tacoma Nov. 25
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 23
O." W. Elder... Portland Nov. 21
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 26
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Nov. 27
Curacoa Mexico Nov. IT
Pomona % EureXa. Nov. 27
Del Norta Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 23
Corona m Newport Nov. 2S
Senator (Alaska & Puget Sound. Nov. 2S
Zealand!* Honolulu Nov. ZS
Australia Tahiti Nov. »
North Fork .... Humboldt Nov. 28
Rainier Seattle Nov. 2S
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 29
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 2)
Point Arena Point Arena Nov. 23
South Portland Seattle Nov. 30
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
H Steamers leave Brcadway
San Kranclsco:
Fnr Ala«k.in Port?"— 11 1. m..
fjfc^^k Nov. 27. Dec. !. Change to
fas*&rtf£?Siv company's Pteamers at Seattle.
J"Sk W'^VSi'l F ' or 'ictfr'a. Vancouver ( R.
PjB&*9f'jjftl r -^- r " rt To»r.!«»nd. .«*»U!e.
H^^rC^SV! Tacoma, Kverett, Anaoort»«.
U~^~BS£sJ^ an ' J New Whatcom (Wash.)--
~*w*j|3- 11 a. m.. Nov 27. Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter.
Changs at Seattle for this company's steamer*
for Alaska and O. >T. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Nov.
24. 29. Dec. 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Rerlondb (Los An-
geles )— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
•teamer Santa Rosa. Sunday.". 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayti-
f©9. Port Harford (San Luui Ohlspo). Oavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
fcast San Pedro (Lns Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Friday*. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Uonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Enaenttda, Mastfalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m.. tth each month.
For further Information obtain company*
folders.
The company reserves the right to chnr.gr-
steamers, sailing dates ana hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OI'KlCE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteD.
GOODALL, PERKINS *• CO.. Oen. A*ent*.
10 Market st., San FrandKO.
THE 0. R. & N. CO. '
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Frcm Spear-street Wharf at 19 a. m.
CADC £12 First Class Including Berth
lAnL $8 Second Class anj Meals.
COLUMBIA sails ...Xov 2*. Dec." 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails ...Nova*
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
r E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market St.
TOYO RISEN KAISfli
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 p. ra..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONO. calling at
Kobe- (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing;. , . ,
SS. NIPPON MARU
/.Thursday. December*. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December Z). VHO
Via Honolulu. • -. -
S3. HONGKONG MARU -
Thursday. January U, 19C1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rat»«. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
4a Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KXW TORS. S0BTHAXCT0S. L0SO09. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York. Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Kenslng-ton....Xov. 23 t South wark Dec IJ
St. Louis Dec. 5 ' St Louis Dec. U
New fork Dec. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York, and Antwerp. •
i From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington. ...Nov. 2S { South wark... '..Dec. 1>
Noordlaml.. Dec. 5 Westernland...Dec. 23
Frlesland Dec. 12 I
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agent*.
OceaalcS.8Xo.sSI
S3. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday. December 3, 1 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
,. Tuesday. December 4. 4 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. ¦ Xew
f Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, Dec. 12, 9 p. ra.
J. D. SPKECKLS& 6305. CO.. «gt5.,rid!t Gfca, 643 sarhtSt
Frtigtit Dlfa, 327 Hartal St, Pier Bo. 7, Pacific SI
COMPAGHIE QENERALE TRA.NSATLAITTIQOS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^u^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November Z. 1839. at
10 a m. from Pier 41, North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to HavTe. S35 and
UDward Second-class to Havre. J42 50 and up-
ward. GENERAL AQKNCT FOR UNITED
STXTES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). New York. J. F. FCOAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agenis, 5 Montgomery avenue*
San Francisco. !_.!. 1__
BAY ANDJMVEB JTEAMEE3.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Moatlcello."
FIRST TRIP SATURDAY, \
0:45 a. m., also 3:13 and 8:30 p. m n
noons waxted.
W ANTED— Two cr three furnished cr partly
furr.ifhe^d rooms for housekeeping, two
»>r three block* from the Call bulldlsg; state
terms. Boa 2060, Call office.
WASTED by a Japanese couple, housekeeping
room, conveniently located; respectable
house: r>ermanent : state terms. Box 39€. Call.
WANTED— Larpe unfurnished basement room.
C or J4: one person. Box 887. Call office.
SPGG1AL KOTXCES.
fTl^s"^iETER~FliETLING r s"pUe salve.' Jl "per
hox; warranted to $ure all cases of bleeding.
itching, external. Internal or protruding
rile* without fail, no matter of how lone
standing. 16S Dcvisadero st., near Suttcr.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO
«:'¦ Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
r.<~»OMf rar^red from « 65; whitened. Jl up:
paint ir.g done. Hartman Paint Co.. 819 Third.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly ¦
<-all. 16 page*, sent to any address in tbe
: mo States or Canada one year for Jl.
8E\y»C 3W A CllLjtX E^S AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold. r«nTeX~«5ianF*dTrr-
palrlng iowec-t rates! open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, told, rented, repaired ; needles and
shuttles: reduced ratMi. 145 €tn; phone Mint 5.
ALL klnis bought, *ol<I and repairing guaran^
teed. Charlea Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORA^E^AXp A y AREHOL . s|E . s
BEKINS Van and Storage CoT^I^sTwTm?;
tcl. Main 184?; shipping at cut -rates.
VTILSON BROS.. Btorage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
TACIFIC £u>r&«% and Furniture Moving Com-
rary. 2220 Fillmore Et.: phone Jackyon 2S1.
WEURITEUS^iXD SIPPU ES.
GREAT BAIU3ATNS IN~TT?EWRiTERS-^Cv>
sell better machines for less money than any
r?use la the dty; rentals. ». The Typewriter
Exchange. £16 California: telephone Main 264.
-AJ TV ATS bargains in typewriters: any make.
V. rite for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
'.19 Montgomery st. '
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and aol<5; new and »econd-hanil; Urge
ClspUy; very cheap. 11CT Market.bet. 7th &. 8th.
DIVIUKM) KOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— DlvTdend~Tfo! 1U (fifty
centj p«r share) of the Oceanic Steamehip
Company will be payable at the office of the
«ompany, 82? Market St.. on and after Batur-
oay. December 1. 1*50. Transfer books will
close en Saturday. November 24. 1SO0. at 12 m.
EH. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS wm be received at the Bureau of
Supyliea end Accounts, Navy Department,
¦Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon. De-
cember 11. 1900, and publicly opened Imme-
<S!at«ly thereafter, to furnish at the Navy-
yard. 2Care Island, Cal., a quantity of screws,
frroonia, bruehep. wire, belting, leather, lum-
ber, too'.e, drills, sheet copper. *he« eteel,
rivet st«el, cheet tin. bar Iron, packing, alco-
hol, lard oil. varnishe*. paints, pitch, pipe
fittings. TB-lves. copper pipe, brass pipe, hard-
ware, stationery, aand paper, flies, eoan.
rronge, waste, motors, planir.g machine,
traveling crane, «eel plates, ete*l shapes,
copper wir*. hangers, bolts, nuts and steel
tcblr.g. B ark proposals will be furnished
tij>on arulicatlon to the Bureau or to the.
Navy !*«•>• Office. Fan Francisco. Cal. A. S.
KKN'NY. Payrr.sfter General U. 8. N. 11 -2-00.
•WATfRTAfVP. t TriFrTTKES.
T>.e following marriage licenses were issued
y»Fterfia}-:
Thedor* TnrX U. Oaklaafi. aad Elfrl«4a
C. O. Holland, 2«, Oakland.
Julius Iea&ca, 24. 1X2Z Howard street, and
Gertrude Bowen. IS. S Rauech street.
Emanael Maa"neT. ET7 Turk street, and Roale
C. Uiiderwoo-i, 22. city.
¦Waiter Nge Yuen. «. Haywarfis, and Bertie
Ksrr. I>vk*. 19. Pit Washington ttreet.
E1RTHS—MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, jr.arriaee and death notice* sent by
mail mtU not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bt
Indorsed ¦with the n&xne and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
BOEN.
BRUNINGS— In this city. November 14. 1S00,
to the w.fe cf J. H. Bruninga, a ton.
JJENHJEN-In this city, to the wife of O. I
Mem-ben, twin sons.
_______
HECEX-JfcGRATH-In this city. November
14. 1W0. « St. Paul'* Ccurcb, by the Rev.
Ffcthtr Kjezztty, Hugh Br*en aad Mollle Mc-
Grath. . .
CH RISTHNSEN-METERS-In this city. No-
v*-rcb«3- 20. 1300. by tiie Her. Father Ke— an.
Alfred B. ChriEteneen and Lillian A. Meyers.
EILVERMAN— LEVY— In this city. November
15. POQ. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Dr. Joreph
A. Sllverman and Henrietta Levy, both of
Ban Francisco.
ZKIMER— EHRLICH— In this city, November
18. 1600. by tne Err. M. 6. Levy. Isadore Zel-
raer ana Hutb Ehrllch, both of Baa Fran-
cisco.
___ _ _ __
Aihou, "William H. HutchinBOn. Jane. B.
Berg-land < infant) Kella. Mary
Brady. Michael McCa.be. Margaret
Bradley. EJi—beth McCarthy. John
Caldwell. Mary A. Marcus. Oscar
Oanavan. Catherine Morril. Harriet H.
Chappeil, Clara B. Monroe. Georg* R.
Connolly. Loo A^ Retchart. Sister Mary
Cuka. John Rott*nzl, Leopold
Day. Ann M. Saul, Edmund
De Long. Charla* B fmith. Joolah F.
Dlel L:hhi« Etcvena. William
ntrharris. John I. gwartz. Everett
Oreen. F. Thomsen. 'Wm. M.
Hallett. Lillian Wnitehorn. Piioebe
Hentzell, AarustOB J. .
ASIIMAN— In this city, November 20. 1J0O
William H Ayhman, dearly beloved buvband
oT Marr&rrt ABhrnan. and father of William
Jr.. Arthur and !>• "a. Asbman, a native of
<".enr.an>. A raember of Eureka Lodge No. *,
K. of P. '•.--
C7Frimdi and acquaintances' are respect-
fully inWted to attend the funeral this day
< Friday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. £uhr & Co., 1127 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and C!fh:h. Interment Mount
Olivet Crmetery.
BEP.GLAND— In this dty. November 2L 1900.
infant and d«arlr beloved eon of William E.
and Amelia Bergland. a. oatlve of San Fran-
cisco.
BRADT-In thl» city. November 22, 1900. Mich-
ael, belovrd husband of Kate Brady, and
father of Mamie, Peter and Jeremiah 'Brady,
a rativ*- of Co«nty Cavan. Ireland. .
C7Fn«id« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
? Saturday), et 1:80 o'clock, from hU late resl-
cecc*. 1413 Seventh avenue, Bouth San Fran-
claco. theac« to All Hallows* Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be- celebrated for
th« repoas of his soul, commencing at 10
0 ciock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS asd members cf Bay View Lodge
No. 151, A. 0. U. W.: You are hereby noti-
fied to assemble et your loicerooms to-mor-
row (Sa-turday). at $ o'clock, to attend the fu-
neraJ of Brother Michael Brady. By order of
th* "'f" workman. - . ¦
WM. J. B. WARNER. Recorder.
BRADLEY— In the City eod County Hospital
November tL 1900, Elizabeth Brsiley, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years.
C/ LDWELLr-In this city. Korember 22, 1900.
Mary A. Caldweil. beloved mother of lira.
Lovlna. Beec&ex, agefi 73 year*.
CANAVAN-Io thli city, November tL 1900,
Cetberlne. beloved wife of Patrick F. Caaa.-
van. d&ugftter of Mrs. C. Kane, and sister of '
James P. Kac* and Mra. C. E* Drlsh. a. na-
tive of San Franclsoo. aged SI years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 8:S0 o'clock, from the residence
of ber brother, James P. Kane. 120 Lexington
tvnnu>, sear Eighteenth street, thence to Bt.
Jamea Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will bt celebrated for tbe repose of ber eoul, I
commencing at « o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CHAPPELL- In this city. November 22, 1*00.
Clara B. Chappeil. beloved mother cf Mrs t
Ada Macdonald. a native of Pennsylvania, j
rged €9 years 3 months and 6 days. [
CONNOLLY— In this city. November 2L 1300.
>o A., beloved eon of James | J. and Mary !
Connolly, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months and 4 days.
C7Tne funeral will take place this day *
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from 'the parents'
rr-f Idence, 2706 Marlposa etxett. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Ci:KA-ln this city, November 2L 1900. John
''uka. dearly beloved eon of Jacob and Mar-
tha Cuka. and beloved brother of Victoria, j
Katie and Georsie Cuka. a native of Cleve- 1
land, Ohio, aged i'i years 3 months and 5 j
day*. (CleA eland, Ohio, papers, . please copy.) <
CTFriesas and acquaintance* are respect- I
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to F! anna ran & Gallagher) |
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. . i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. i
20 FifLB ct.. opposite Lincoln .School. j
Telephone Bouth 60. - .
1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
n and 2S Fifth et. TeL Booth 167.
ItnrEBAX. D.EECT0E3 AITS EKBALKEB3.
Finert nquipment at Moderate Rates.
mcauov & c:o.. „ fl
FVTCEHAL DIKHCTORS &. EMBALMER&. B
JSi'S Market et.. between 8th and »th. f
Telephone 6outh 247. 5
'fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence cf
hi* parents, 921 Howard street, between Fifth
and Sixth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
DAT— In this city. November 22, 1SO0. Ann
Maria, beloved wife of Paul Day, and mother
of George E., Charles T. and Rosa Day and
Mr». Mae Sims, a native of Dublin. Ireland,
aged 72 years 4 months and 17 days.
£7Kriends end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 25. at 10 o'clock, from her late resU
dence. S40 Mission etrect, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where 6ervlces will be held.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DE LONG— In this city. November 22. 1900,
Charles E. <Je Long (Bert), son of the late
Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. <!e Lone, a native of
Nevada, aged 33 years 5 months and 8 days.
C7-l<"rtetuis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services at
Oypres" U»n Chapel at 1! o'clock tomorrow
(Saturday).
DlEL—ln this city, November 22. 1900. Ltbbte.
dearly beloved wife of A. T. Diel. and daugh-
ter of Mrs. F. M. Fowler, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged S9 years 9 months and 6 days.
CrXotlce of funeral hereafter.
F1TZI1ARRIS— In this city, November 21, 1900,
John I., beloved husband of Cruz Q. Fltz-
harris. and brother of Mrs. Joseph v. Ames
and Louis Navarro. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged SS years and 4 months.
GREEN'- In this city, November 21. l?00, Wil-
liam F.. beloved hu«band of Adeline C. Green,
a native of Providence. R. I., aged 60 years
2 mor.ths and £3 days.
HALLETT— In Byron Springs, November 21,
1W0. Lillian Hallett (formerly Lillian Carroll^
beloved wife of John M. Hallett. a native or
Cleveland, Ohio, aged 38 years » months and
13 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 1^ Eddy street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HENTZELL— In this city, November 22. 1900.
Aug-ustus Joseph Hentzell. beloved husband
of ElUa M. Hentzell. and father of Ivus<;ne
A.. Kinily, Johnnie. Florence and Catherine
! Hentzell. a native of Canton. Ohio, aged 48
j years 8 months and 4 days.
HUTCHINSON— In this city. November 21. 1DC0.
I Jane B. Hutchinson. beloved sifter or Atkln
E.. Caroline \V. and John R. Matches, a na-
tive of Wales. England, aged 72 years and
10 dayfe.
r?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to fcttend the funeral this flay
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the Central
Methcxilst Church. Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh. Interment 1. O. U. tr.
Cemetery.
KELLS— In this city. No\-ember 21. 15W>. Mary
Kells. a native of Templetown. County
ford, Ireland, aged S3 years.
EXFrie-nds and acquaintances are resPf^ 1 -
fully invited to attend the funeral this oa>
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from the residence
! of Neal McGlllaway. IS Guy place, off First
I street, between Fclsom and Harrison, tnrnce
to 8t. Brendan's Church, where a eolemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
' ropose of her fouI. commencing at 10 o cloch.
• Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
McCABE— In this city, November 21, l?00. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of James McCabe. and
mother of Mamie J. MrCabe, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aced 65 years 3
months end 3 days.
r7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral this flay
( Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the luneral par-
lors of McG.nn Bros., 31 Eddy ftreet. lnt^er-
Eient Holy Cross Cemetery-
MCCARTHY— In this city. November 21. 1900.
John McCarthy, a native of the parish or
Desert, County Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years.
CTFriends acfl acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
1 « Friday), at J:SO o'clock, from the parlors of
; the United \Und»rtakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, -where
a requiem high maas will be celebrated for
- the reposa of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARCUS— In this city, November 21, 1900, Os-
car, beloved brother of Charles. Emil and
Josle Marcus, a native of Sweden, aced J7
years X month and IS days.
tTTrlenfis and acquaintances and members
of the Longshore Lumbermen's Protective
Association are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 3
o'clock, from the parlors of Halsted &. Co.,
tit Misaion street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
MORRIL-In Berkeley, Cal., November 12. 1900,
Harriet H. Morril. belo\-etl wife of David L.
Morril. and aunt o* Mrs. M. A. Platt and
Mrs. S. H. Nye. a native of Illinois, aged 70
years. (Madison, Wls.. papers please copy.)
MUNROE— In this city. November 22, 1900,
George R.. beloved husband of Margaret Mun-
roe, a native of Scotland, aged 6S years.
REICHART— In this city. November 21. 1900,
Elst-r Mary Aloysius Reichart. Sister of
Mercy, a native of Chlcaro. 111., in the 56th
yrar'of her age.
£7"The funeral will take place this day
; /Friday), from the Chapel of the Passion, at-
: tached to St. Mary's Hospital, where a sol-
I ran requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Friends are invited to attend the mass. In-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
ROTTANZI— In this city. November H. 1900.
Leopold Rottanzl. a native of Faldo, Switz-
erland, aced ££ years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Friday), at 9:20 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors ot G. Iacch»ri. S29 Broadway,
thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Church, cor-
ner of Dupoct amd Filbert streets, where a
requiem high mass will tee celebrated for the
repose ot his eoul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EAUL-In this city. November 21. 1900. Ed-
mund, bucband of the late Martaret Saul, a
native of Proepect. Nova Scotia, aced 75
years and 11 months. (Boston and New York
papers pleas* copy.)
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funcra! this day (Friday), at 9:SJ
o clock, from his late residence. 2010 Eddy
str»et. thence to Holy Cross Church, where
a solemn requiem mats will b« celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mour.t Calvary' Cemetery-
1 SMITH— In this city, November 21, 1S0O, Joeiah
F. Smith, beloved father of Elbrldge T. and
Winnie Smith and Mrs. Mary Robertson, a
native of Main*, aged 63 years 4 months and
C days. . .
E^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Friday),
at t o'clock, at kis late residence. 3033 Sacra-
mento street.
STEVENS— In this city. November 22, 1900.
W'UIiara Stevens, a native of England, aped
fj years. t
6WARTZ— In this city. November 22, 1900.
Everett, beloved husi>*nd of Olive Josephine
Bwartz, and father of Marguerite and Rachel
Ewartz, a native of Bangor, Me., aged 43
years 7 months and £3 days.
THOMSEN— In Alameda, November 21, 1900,
. William M. Thomson, son of Johanna and
the late Christian Thomsen, a native of Ala-
mela. aged 22 years.
CTFuneral private.
WHITEHORK— In Ukiah. November 20. 1900.
Phoebe Hester, beloved wife of George White-
horn, mother of Muriel E., Clifford and Doris
Whitehorn, daughter of Charles and HeBter
Kewell. and slater of Charles II., Frederick
W. and Emelie W. Kewell and Mrs. Minnie.
J. Francis, ft - native of London, England,
esed SS years 10 months and & days.
C7R/ema.lns at the home of h«r parents,
2047 Mission ttreet, near Seventeenth. . -.'..- ¦_.-?(b) A law ¦with reference to the necessary as
ssossment work, which will prevent the accu
mulation of a large number of claims in the
hands of one individual.
(a) A law making the location and segrega
tion of a mining claim a personal act and
abolishing the power of attorney.
2. The establishment of an effective mail
service between the States and the Northern
part of Alaska.
3. The chancre or amendment of the mining
laws of the District of Alaska, as follows:.
Resolved, That, therefore, a committee of
three be elected and chosen by the people of
Nome in mass meeting assembled and requested
to proceed at once to Washington and there
to urge upon Congress the passage and en
actment of the following laws:
1. A change In the law of Incorporation for
municipalities within the district whereby one
half of the license money now devoted to school
purposes may be turned into the general fund
of the municipality.
Whereas, Owing to the remoteness of this
section of Alaska from the centers of civiliza
tion, peculiar conditions prevail whereby the
laws applicable to Southeastern Alaska and
the State of Oregon do not furnish the neces
sary means for the development of our re
sources. ;
When questioned concerning receivers in
general and McKenzle in particular, the
captain became quite emphatic.
"This >IcKenzie business." he said, "is
the greatest piece of wholesale rascality
the world has known since the Panama
Canal scandal. It is nothing more nor less
than an attempt on the part of an organ
ized band of smooth freebooters to ac
quire every valuable claim in the country
through a corrupt interpretation of the
mining laws that govern them. The very
possibility of there being any two sides
to the controversy is laughable to any one
acquainted with the matter. The manip
ulations of McKenzle and his parasites
have already cost the people of Nome and
the merchants on this coast doing busi
ness with them hundreds of thousands of
dollars, and unless they are legally stop
ped this winter Nome will see some ex
citing and disastrous times in the future.
"The best way to understand the work
upon which the committee is sent is by
reading the resolutions which were adopt
ed by the meeting at which the committee
was appointed, and to which 'the commit
tee stands solemnly pledged."
The resolutions of which the captain
spoke are as follows:
Territory are the power of attorney,
claim jumping and the appointment of re
ceivers. It la against these we will prin
cipally work."
• Recent Deciision.
The Civil Service Commissioners will
proceed with the discharge of their duties
as prescribed by the charter, regardless
of the recent decision of Judge Hebbard.
Commissioners Will Proceed Without
Regard to Judge Hebbard's
NO CHANGE IN CIVIL.
SERVICE EXAMINATIONS
They Were Released Recently From Folsom and
Were Preparing for New Career of erime.
FORMER CONVICTS CAUGHT
BUYING KNOCKOUT DROPS
Mary Jane Rlggs was granted a divorce
yesterday from Joseph Riggs on the
ground of desertion. Suits for divorce
r^i"^ ? est f rda y by Annie Herring
against Albert Herring for, desertion and
c*ru*lt aeMnst St. John G. Fell for
In the Divorce Court.
Write forn«w catalogue of watches. Jewelry &
tllverware. Hammersnlth & Field. 36 Kearny. •
out another clerk to hunt up Policeman
Ti'Imttn. whose beat is on Market street,
vvnen Tillman reached the store he no
ticed two other men standing on the side
walk, who proved to be Johnson and
Clarke. He placed the trio under arrest
ar >d took them to the City Prison and no
tified Captain Seymour. They were locked
up in the tanks" and will, be shown to
th ,e different watches.- after which they
win be booked on a, charge of vagrancy.
'-.'¦Lynch when arrested yesterday gave
tne name > of -.James Stewart ; ¦ Johnson
wanted to ' be known as John Smith, and
Clarke as Frank Edwards, i They had evi
dently,, made | their arrangements . for co
partnership in crime while doing ¦ time in
folsom. ; .They are. looked upon by the
police as three dangerous men.
convicts who have been re-
I leased from Folsom ¦ Penitentiary
j within the past 'month had. appar
il ently arranged to go into the busi
ness of robbing people by means
of the use of knockout drops. They are
John . Johnson, alias John Feldenhauser;
W. W. - Clarke, and James Lynch,- alias
"Buck", Lynch, alias James Hugties, alias
James Lane. Yesterday /morning Lynch
entered the Owl drug store on Market
street end asked for some chloral hydrate,
which is . the | principal [ ingredient I in what
is commonly known' as "knockout", drops.
The clerk -was suspicious, and while' he
engaged Lynch in conversation he sent
THREE EX-CONVICTS "WHO WERE ARRESTED YESTERDAY 'WHILE
ONE WAS BUYING DRUGS TO ' MAKE "KNOCKOUT" DROPS.
THEY WERE CHARGED WITH VAGRANCY.
Love and Money. Disappeared.
A. J. Nelson, a smelter from Keswick
came to the Hall of Justice last evening
and unfolded a tale of love and decep
tion to the police. He said he answered
an advertisement placed in a paper bv a
woman who said <S he wanted a husband
and. : after epending considerable ¦monev
In a matrimonial venture, finds he his
been duped. The lady whose charm! and
advertisement hired him to the city he
thinks has skipped, and with her went a
vrtS. 0 ?* 1 rine and , raoney which he pro
vided for the wedding arrangements
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended .by. physicians. ; Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best la city. •
Over one hundred seats in the best part
of the house were sold in .this way, and
the speculators thought that they would
earn a rich' harvest. They, were sadiy
disappointed, as the >3an Francisco thea
ter-going public are very skeptical. The
men who bought the seats employed sev
eral men to stand In the Grand Opera
house block - and accost everybody that
looked like a grand opera patron, and at
tempt to sell the seats at a good margin
The scheme was. a dead failure On the
opening night of Melba tne- solicitors of
fered their seats for seven," five and at
last: three dollars, and could not find pur
chasers. . On the Tannhauaer aight, with
Madame Gadsk-i, they even went as low
as one dollar, and no bidders
.- A ticker scalper stated yesterday even
ing, to a Cajl reporter that he had never
seen anything to equal this poor demand
He said. that the scalpers" days were^ver :
that when anybody wanted to see the ner
formance he went to the box office and
bought a seat., and did not 'care to "ana
act-business; with anybody outside a reg
ular attache of the theater s
* One speculator bought thirty-two seats
for the season, paying, for them Svm u
is said^that he wlll S lose ove? S" the
money he invested. Two more bought ten
and • twelve ; seats, respectively, and it is
claimed that they will be lucky if they Vet
back half the money they invested *
'¦ To i show how bad th« sdalpers 1 business
Is, it .is claimed .that they presented their
s$$«$$£«ii ( ° ? "• &-
Alfred Bpuvier stated last night that h««
•£¦? "°n ? a J v ? re the "Peculator! had tried
to resell their seats, but he said any such
attempt would be useless, as once^he
tickets were sold the Grand Opera man®
So wfth'-SetS? nOt haVC anythl1^ mo? e ?°
Few people are aware that the empty
seats in the orchestra of the Grand Opera
house last week were -sold and paid for,
but such" is the case. When the sale
opened: last month a number of specu
lators bought season tickets wholesale.
They secured seats located In the orches
tra for the entire season for $3 a perform
ance. They figured it was a good in
vestment and that they could employ
solicitors to dispose of the tickets on the
street and -sell them for the usual price
of $7 for one performance.
SCALPERS' DAYS NUMBERED.
They Buy Up Choice Seats, but Can
not Sell at Half Price,
Dr. Wm. Botsford. 1170 Market St.. noti
fies his patients that he has returned. •
That Purpose.
By giving Judgment in favor of the de
fendants in the case of Laura Le Tour
neux against George P. Gillis and E. Wil
son, brought to recover J635, including
principal and Interest, on a promissory
note executed by the defendants in favor
of Thomas Eager and assigned to the
plaintiff, Judge Belcher has again decided
tliat "lobbying" is contrary to public
policy.
In an answer filed to the complaint of
Laura Le Tourneux, Mr. Wilson stated
that he indorsed the note for Gillis that
he might obtain money from Eager "with
which to lobby certain bills of interest to
Gillis and others by whom he was secretly
employed which came up for- the. consid
eration of the Legislature of 1S37." It was
further alleged that the plaintiff did not
pay for the nnte,- but the same was as
eigned tocher in other than good faith.
Judge Belcher decided that the conten
tions of the defendant were correct. "Th' 1 }
note." said the court, "was gjven for the
purpose of procuring the expenses of lob
bying, and in the hands of the holder
there can be no" recovery because the con
tract which" caused its execution was
against public j policy, and Eager's in
dorsee has not shown that she took the
note Jn good faith for a valuable consid
eration and without the knowledge of the
infirmity of'the contract. Judgment will
hence be entered for the defendant "
Judge Belcher Holds No Recovery
Can Be Had on Note Given for
DEBTS FOR LOBBYING ARE
AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY
This course has been adopted by the
commissioners upon the advice of City and
County Attorney Lane and Garret W. Mc-
Enerney, attorneys for the commission,
who do not believe Judge Hebbard's decis
ion will be affirmed by the higher court.
At a meeting of the commissioners yester
day It was decided to continue the holding
of all examinations ¦without rejrard to the
bearing of the decision on the offices In
volved.
• And Melba? Melba has been accused in
every language- and* tone -of being a cold
•Juliette. The diva is certainly -not ef
fusive, but neither Is she frigid. '.'She has
the young girl conception.' timid."' yielding
and romantic, but it is perhaps rather the
young girl, of colder climes than, sunny
¦Italy. ,-.j But it; is a sweet and graceful
rendering, if lacking in thrill and passion
and was sung; as only ..Melba can sing it'
UJ 4 ?.* r i! T gn V." The J EIuguenotB " wtn be S ; ven".
with Nordlca. Suzanne Adams. Dippel
Plancon. Scotti. Edouard de Reszke and
other distinguished artists In the cast.
Of the artists. Saleza alone seemed quite
unaffected by the attitude of the house
He repeated his splendid performance of
the opening night, a virile, graceful spir
ited rendering of the Romeo role. He was
in excellent voice, did Just what he
pleased with it. and pleased to do great
things. De Reszke's Friar Lawrence was
nobly sung. This gorgeously satisfying
bass fills every musical need, and he looks
and acts the kindly friar to perfection
Plancon as Capuiet, played a royal part*
and was worthy, as were all of the cast'
of frendlier bearing.
: For one thing, it was a small house com
paratively, and the second time of hear
ing for the opera, which. In Itself, for
some or other reason, has never founa
popularity here. "Romeo et Juliette"
certainly suffers by comparison with the
master's Immortal "Faust." "Written
some twenty years afterward, it is yet
reminiscent In many themes of the former
work, yet lacking somewhat its' facile,
charm and brilliant Interest. But bo the
reason what It may, San Francisco will
not have "Romeo et Juliette" at any
price, not even with "Melba, Saleza de
Reszke and Plancon in the magnificent
cast, and she signified her sovereign pleas
ure in the matter quite unmistakably
last evening. ,
The atmosphere made itself physically
felt. Women drew their wraps about
them, and across the footlights, where ap
plause is the breath of life, things lagged
a little, too. Melba did not "get a hand"
on her first appearance, and even the
famous waltz-song, beautifully given as
it was, roused only a languid enthusi
asm. *.
It was a cool house last night at Moros
co's that came to hear "Romeo et Juli
ette" for the second time this season; a
frigid house; ice to Us finger tips and
silent tongues. There was not a "bravo"
In the crowd; heels might all have been
rubber for what noise they made, and the
palm music had as much warmth and
depth as the thin clank of an Icicle
chime.
By Blanche Partington.
Romeo et Juliette Is Spar
ingly Applauded.
OPERA AUDIENCE
IN COLD MOOD
Silverine for Silver.
Abe Isaacs, a Jeweler at 343 Kearny
street, was arrested yesterday afternoon
on a warrant charging him with obtain
ing money by false pretenses. The com
plaining witness Is Manuel Souza, a sailor.
He alleges that he was induced to go into
Isaacs' store yesterday to buy a silver
watch, for which he paid $12. and it
turned out to be silverine.
Ann F. Reynolds Sues *Presidio and
Ferries Company to Compel
Obedience to Franchise.
The alleged act of the Presidio and Fer
ries Railroad Company in practically mo
nopolizing Union street with its tracks
and appurtenances has led to the filing' of
a suit by Ann F. Reynolds against the
corporation for damages and . a decreed
adjudging the tracks a nuisance.
The plaintiff alleges that the prox
imity of defendant's tracks to the side
walk in front of her property, situated on
the south side of Union street, near Hyde
has damaged her in the sum of $7800.
Mrs. Reynolds avers that the company,
in violation of its franchise, has intruded
upon the south half of the street and laid
Its tracks within four feet two Inches of
the sidewalk and eight feet southerly o/
the line proposed in ita franchise. The
maintenance of the track, Mrs. Reynolds
alleges, obstructs the use of her sidewalk
and endangers the life and limbs of her
self, family and tenants, and has depre
ciated the value of her property in the
sum stated. .
Mrs. Reynolds asks that the company
be forced to tear up the tracks and move
them to the center line of the street, or
that It be forced to suspend operations.
UNION-STREET TRACKS
- DAMAGE HER PROPERTY
The good citizens of San Francisco will
rejoice if the Assemblymen representing
other counties shall unite and resolve to
exclude from consideration every member
of Boss Kelly's bunch.
The Call does not attach any signifi
cance to Kelly's statement that a Sena
torial combine has been formed. So far
as can be ascertained there Is only one
member of the San Francisco Senatorial
delegation that would consent to an alli
ance with Kelly and Crimmins. The story
of a. Senate scheme was told to several
Assemblymen in order to induce them to
get in and pull the boss chestnuts out of
the fire.
Boss Kelly has no patronage to be
stow. He has nothing In sight to deliver.
If the .interior members could be hood
winked as easily as Kelly would have
the city members fancy the boss might
be able to reach out and' get a few clerk
ships and a committee chairmanship or
two by the use of a solid San Francisco
delegation, but as the scheme is now ex
posed the forty-six Republican AsBembly
men from counties other than San Fran
cisco will make it a special study to re
buke the boss. If a San Francisco mem
ber wants to get the "ha-ha" through
out the session from the first day until
the adjournment sine die he will Join
Martin Kelly's combine.
can take measures to prevent Its execu
tion.
Promises of Patronage and Chairmanships to Induce
Legislators From This City to Combine.
Martin Kelly is using the old-fashioned
boss methods to trap unsuspecting mem
bers of the San Francisco delegation In
the Assembly. He is telling them that if
they will stand in on a combine and fol
low his leadership he will secure the bulk
of the patronage for them and guarantee
that every member of the combine shall
have a committee chairmanship, no mat
ter how the coctest for the Speakershiy
terminates. The boss is anxious that the
members of the delegation shall give him
capital to put into the business at Sacra
mento. He cannot command the support
of more than four or live members of
the Assembly, hence he is resorting to the
shallow device of promising something
that he cannot deliver. He tells the As
semblymen that the San Francisco Sen
ators have established a combine to con
trol the patronage of the Ccnate and that
the members of the other branch of the
Legislature will get i othing if they do
not fall in.
Kelly says to the Assemblymen that he
has no candidate for speaker, as it makes
no difference who may be chosen to pre
flflc over the Assembly. All that he de-
Flres is the authority io handle the dele
gation for the benefit ~i the combine. The
boss never went to Sacramento to do bus
iness with a smaller followirg than he
row swings, therefore he is extremely
anxious for an immediate reinforcement.
Members of the Legislature from adja
cent and Interior counties are advised of
the boss programme in advance, so they
CLUMSY SCHEME OF "BOSS" KELLY
TO HOODWINK MEMBERS OF ASSEMBLY
Angust Bodel, the famous repairer of
broken statuary and bric-a-brac, of 514
Post street, is missing and the police have
not been able to discover any trace of
him. He disappeared a month ago. It is
thought that the eccentric eld Frenchman
may have committed suicide by drowning.
Bodel's goods and chattels litter the side
walk In front of his shop on Post street,
and passersby with no pangs of conscience
are helping themselves to souvenirs. All
<!ay yesterday a curious crowd gathered
around the evidences of luxury. Broken
vases which once graced a place of honor
In somebody's parlor, only to be dislodged
by a careless servant and sent to the old
repairer to be made presentable again, lie
mournfully recounting past surroundings.
Fluffy haired bisque dolls gazed at the
wreck in open eyed wonder and looked
cold and unpresentable, but they were un
able to vent their thoughts because of
cracked cranlums or other injuries. A
Chinese Idol that once graced a sacred
place In a highbinders" headquarters at
tested to the visit of a desecrating police
man, who had little regard for their re
ligion or crockery images.
All these and other relics of luxury re-
The souvenirs, however, will be of little
use to those who take them, as only the
master hand of the old Frenchman could
make them take on a semblance of their
former self. Bodel's goods and chattels
may remain there for all time unless the
Sheriff or Madison & Burke remove them
to a Junk store or some place of storage.
For the last ten years the mlssjng man
occupied the little shop and during that
period he made the hearts of many people
glad by skillfully repairing a broken keep
sake or a valuable ornament. He was a
widower and lived In the rear of his lit
tle shop. He led a typical Bohemian life
and was at peace with himself and all
the world. He cooked his own meals,
made his own couch and minded his own
business. True, he drank at times to ex
cess, but as he gave no annoyance to his
neighbors his Intemperance was looked
upon as a Bohemian eccentricity.
pose on the broken tables that were used
by the expert. A hard-hearted Sheriff's
deputy, armed with a writ of ejectment
secured by Madison & Burke, real estate
dealers, carried out his orders to the let
ter. The little shop next to the Olympic
Club, which was familiar to nearly every
resident of that vicinity, was stripped ana
the loot now remains on the sidewalk, at
the mercy of the elements and passer-by.
Eccentric Old August Bodel Gone and His Curios and
Old Relics Litter Sidewalk in Front of Shop.
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE
OF BROKEN STATUARY REPAIRER
! After hearing the testimony of wit
nesses from 11 a. m. until 2 p. m. yester
day the Coroner's jury returned the fore
going verdict. Much of the evidence on
which the verdict was based was drawn
out by Police Sergeant Duke, who as
sisted the Coroner in the examination of
witnesses.
There was some contradictory testi
mony becring upon th« relations of
ThomasfBurke with the Eayrs family and
as to the appearance In shirt sleeves of
Thomas Hugh Cameron, the lodger in the
Eayrs residence. Cameron swore that
when he was awakened by Eayrs at 1
o'clock in the morning he slipped on his
shoes, trousers and coat and went down
to the sidewalk where Burke was lying.
He did not put on his shirt, he said, and
wore only his undershirt under his coat.
The Coroner called attention to the fact
that Cameron in his deposition to the po
lice had said that he put on his coat,
trousers and shirt. Cameron said that
the statement in the deposition was a
mistake.
J. Stenson of 464 Hickory avenue 8wo*re
that he heard cries of "murder!" and
"help!" and looking out of his window a
short time afterward saw Burke lying on
the sidewalk and the policeman and Eayrs
approaching him.
This testimony was supported by that
of Police Patrolman William Minehan,
who heard cries of "murder!" proceeding
from Burke. He ran into the alley and
saw Burke lying on the sidewalk. When
Minehan asked what was the matter.
Burke replied:
"I could lick one of them, but the other
fellow gave it to me."
When Cameron came downstairs in his
shirt sleeves Policeman Minehan observed
that he wore tan, laced shoes; also a vest,
white shirt, collar and necktie.
Eayrs testified that he came home at 1
a. m.. and as he turned into the alley he
heard a man shouting: "Help! help! I'm
chained here to a railroad track!" He
went Into the house and aroused Cam
eron, who identified the prostrate man as
Burke. He admitted that Burke was a
frequent visitor to the house. •
Mrs. Mary Eayrs, wife of the last men
tioned witness, swore that Burke had vis
ited her house only three times. Upon
those occasions he called upon Miss Josle
Foley. ' The last time he called was on
election night, November 6. Miss Foley
was not In, and Mrs. Eayrs stood at the
door in the full glare of the street lights
and talked with Burke for about an hour.
She admitted that, in company with Jo-
Eie Foley, she had met Burke and his
friend, John Nagle, one night at the
Chutes, but the meeting was accidental.
John Nagle testified that Burke had
been in Morris Levy's saloon and was un
der the Influence of liquor when- he met
him a few hours preceding his death.
Contradictory Statements Made by
T. Cameron, Lodger in Eayrs'
House, Concerning Myste
rious Affair.
— •
We, the jury, find that the de
ceased, Thomas F. Burke/ of 603
Buchanan street, a native of Califor
nia, 26 years old, camo to his death,
on November 20 through acute pul
monary oedema, due to weak heart
action caused by a shock due to in
juries received to the spinal . column
at the hands of parties unknown to
this jury.
He Had Been Attacked
by Two Men.
Jury Hears Evidence ' That
DECLARE BURKE
IS VICTIM OF
A FOUL CRIME
Young Girl Suddenly Drops Out of Sight and
Police Are Searching Diligently for Her.
AS'N'A COLTON. a daughter of A.
D. Colton, a well-known haber
dasher of this city, residing at
131 Second street, has disappeared
and her parents and the police
*re making every effort to find her. The
young woman left her home last Tuesday
afternoon and has net been heard of
since. Her parents are extremely anxious
about her. as she is mentally unbalanced.
During the past three months she has
been under the care of Dr. Perry, the
family physician. He was treating her
for nervousness, and knowing her desire
to wander away from home, he warned
her mother to keep a close watch upon
her. Despite the close care and attention
given Miss Colton. she slipped out of the
house and now her whereabouts is a mys
tery. It was thought the young lady had
gone to the home of her sister, Mrs. Ben
jamin Hirsch, of Sacramento, but Mrs.
Hirsch has had no tidings of her. A mes
sage was also sent to iriends of the fam
ily at Woodland, but the missing girl has
not gone near them.
Wednesday evening a brother of Miss
Colton called at the office of the Chief
of Police and asked the aid of the de
partment in locating his sister. He de
scribed her as being five feet three and
a half inche* in height, having brown H
hair and a light complexion. When she
left home Miss Colton was attired in a
tailor-made suit of black material. She
wore a white lace Jabot, green gloves
and a hat similar to the one in the ac
companying photograph. *5
LEAVES HOME WHILE
MENTALLY UNBALANCED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOYEMBER 23, 1900.
Captain George B. Baldwin Speaks of Alaska
and of the Reforms Needed Up There. *;
NOME SENDS A COMMITTEE
TO ASK HELP OF CONGRESS
.MISS ANNA COLTON, WHO IS
NOW MISSING FROM HER
HOME.
CAPTAIN BALDWIN, WHO IS ON HIS WAY FROM ALASKA TO WASH
INGTON AS A MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEE APPOINTED BY THE
PEOPLE OF NOME.
A. MONG those who arrived here
» yesterday morning on the Oregon
express were Charles D. Lane,
, the Nome mining capitalist; Lafe
Pence, ex-Congressman from
Colorado and right-hand man of the "Wild
Goose Mining Company, and Captain
George B. Baldwin, delegate from North
eastern Alaska to Washington, where he
will. go In company with Dr. Rlningar, a
well-known physician of Nome, and Sam
Knight, ' the attorney of this city, the
three gentlemen having been chosen as a
committee to represent to the nation's
legislators the needs of the people of
Nome district, and put before Congress
the abuses that threaten to ruin one of
Uncle Sam's richest possessions.
Owliig to the many abuses that have
grown out of the unadaptablllty of the
laws culled from the statistics of other
States for the government of Northern
Alaska, It has been thought necessary for
the people of that section of the country
to call the attention of Congress to these
abuses with the idea or so mending the
laws that the injustices now suffered may
be done away with. For this purpose the
people of Nome, In the greatest mass
meeting ever held in Alaska," unanimously
elected those named as a committee to
represent them in Washington, empower
ing it to speak at the nation's capital as
the voice of the entire population of the
portion of the Territory It comes from.
Dr. Riningar has already gone East and
Captain Baldwin and Mr. Knight will fol
low In the course of the next few days.
Captain Baldwin Is an old San Fran
ciscan and well known to the people of
this city. He had command of the guards
during the Midwinter Fair, was In charge
of Alcatraz Island during the war with
Spain, served with Logan during the Fili
pino trouble and was twice wounded while
carrying the bodv of that officer off the
field. From Manila he went with Ray to
Alaska, where he resigned from the army
and went into business. When seen yes
terday the captain said:
"The object of the committee of , which
I am a member Is* to see If It cannot pre
vail on Congress to do something to re
lieve the present unwholesome condition
in Northern Alaska. The abuses there
this summer have been something fearful
and have ruined and blasted the hopes of
thousands who would have made money
had they been given anything like a fair
"Nome, and in fact all Northern Alaska,
Is a mining community, and naturally it
Is the mining laws with which we are
principally concerned. It would be too
much to go into all details, but the three
great evils doing the most to hurt the
(e) The enactment of a law whereby only
citizens, or those who have declared their In
tention to become such, may hold mining prop
erties within the District of Alaska.
(d) The enactment of a law which will pre
vent the appointment of receivers to work
<placer mining claims.
(c) The enactment of a "law which will pre
vent the present unjust. Indiscriminate and
unwarranted jumping: of claims.
12
DISCOUNT
From Regular Price*.
CHAS.M.PLUM&CO.
1301-1307 Market Street.
25 %
OUR ENTIRE LINE OF
ORIENTAL RUGS, CAR-
PETS AND CURTAINS AT
Oriental
Rug Sale.
P. ROSCOE MpXUI/TY. M.D.
j>O Y* Kearny f»t.. Han Francisco, Csl.
DR.MCNULTY.
qMII3 WErX-KN'OWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I SpTlalktcurMBlood Poison, Oonorrhcea.Gleet,
strk-tim-, s< t mii:ulAv>aknPs.'<, Impotence and tbetr
nllitf.l Disorder*. Hoote on Diaean^s of Men. free.
Ov«*rC0yeart*» > xper l ence.T«»rins reasonable. Hour*.
9to:ida!iy ;6:»to3.aoev*(j*. Snndays.lOto 12. Consul-
tation free aud sacredly confidential. Call oraddres.1
Price 25 cents. Allaruggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD. 173 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles, Cai.
'j4&&**^ "Alnl LESS
>^a^^^V^ EXTRACTION
jflffilHfa|||!*||!£|||SF Our $5.00 Plata*
XsIJLJLA"?^ gljti GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Polk 1135.
Cloak and Suit House,
120 Kearny St.
TAITX>R - MADE BLOUSE
DRESSES, with new cut Jacket; taf-
feta Bilk lined; has the new stylo
Fklrt: blnck and blues; a Rood $17.60
dress. SPECIAL 813.5O
Kelly Flielies'
ELECTRIC SEAL FUR CAPE,
trtth genuine ASTRAKAN FUR
YOKE and COLLAR— SatJn lined.
14 Inches deep. SIO.OO; 16 Inches
deep. {*l*i.nO; 18 inches deep,
SI. 1.00.
CHILDREN'S AUTO COATS— In
fine all-wool tan Kerseys; a*es 6 to
14 years. Prices. 84. OO to 81OOO
Specially priced
.$10.00
FINE A L L-
WOOL KERSEY
CLOTH JACKETS
—Best tailor finish
and all silk lined,
first quality pearl
buttons; tans and
castors; a (12.50
value;
Specially 0*7 Kfl
priced..:. . «P/^U
ELEGANT IM-
PORTED TAN
KERSEY CLOTH
JACKETS - Style
like illustration;
Panne velvet
trimmed and heavy
silk lined; worth
$25.00;
00
LOOSE BACK
BOX COAT — Silk
lined, handsomely
tailor ptitched:
tans, castors and
blacks; a $12.50
value;
Special
Jacket Sale
in
fifeii'ffiStTgrrgraovetf the stomach 1
«LQ J 9 ffila terror of lard-made H
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Style, Finish and Knitted Underwear .Talk, 1
Modest Prices 0£'\ »n n PA RTictrLARLT a
Are the Trio That Is Bound to Attract JtT r f thebe^x judges OF I]
Knowing Customers to This A-J?k Quality and THOSE M
Department. /gjjjjgV MOST CONVERSANT |
. LADIES' GOLF fegv PRICES 5vDv2SnEl! |
Tffl& SKIRTS, made of good uJntfZJi) AND SHOW THEM »
¦IB quality golfing, cut fe,|7 I^GAIX^^'tHIS 1
after most approved H- ! M0 LINE. H
£K$i! tailor patterns, welted J>V ¦///•¦/ , . a
seams. Inverted back. LHjM WOOL VEST g
¦ ifSt ™*«y etched around fg* 2X£»°!hr^ .'£? £3fc I
J# ; «jCn bottom, all thorouphly l\.;( cated. long sleeves, hljjh H
Jpl > sponged . and shrunk. Vi; n«* n^k finished with i
£M P-^, han^g, fitting U |
JB£$k*v\ and finlsned - /A ribbed. A -hance to prac- §a
<«l||4 Our crowd - brining \{ PANTS to°£° a my ,;" 40c 8
. »r» — — U «.. i.l t0 match, same Q
PrfCe S2 " 0 length. FrerfcTUand 33 ab ° Ve ' *?$?. |
$1.98 for a Waist r ... v \ u , ° I
That Looks Like a $7.50 Taffeta silk Weather Underwear. H
Waist. LADIES' VESTS, half silk and half B
It is made of very best quality fast- wool. Richelieu Tlbbed. net* cro- «
black sllkollne. all over tucked front, cheted and drawn through with silk H
back and sleeves, new sleeves, flare tape, high neck, long sleeves- colorC' H
cuff, dress collar, lined throughout. Pink, blue and white. Koaenhen^t II
neatlv made and well finished. Our attraction is his low price «i o^ a
introduction price S1.9S . -••»X.»5o rf
It Costs But Very Little Save Doctor Bills 1
To be Warm and Comfortable When By Clothing Your Children With All H
You Buy Your Flanne'.ette Car- Wool Underwear "3
menis from our Manufacturer _. . „,,„ H
direct - and that's what we are. t&X°SUItI^ZdPnf v COM BINA- H
¦ LADIES' FLANNELETTE Australian woo^^tea^n gh™^ 11 J I
GOWNS made of best striped flan- medicated, high neck? long "leeves* 0
nelette. lace trimmed or plain. Our an kle length? neck finished Ir.d* It
manufacturer's price 49c drawn through with silk rib V^ U
ANOTHE R ! c °l°™. natural and white; marveloui
LADIES' FLANNELETTE opportunities o§C *
SKIRTS, deep flounce, hemmed, all ., t i
colors .\ 45c Neckwear.
Remarkab'e uncirDV
Offerings in n[}bllK\. H E n
500 dozen LADIES' AND CHIL- 'JfclSL S&Jr J 7 T £ EC K
. DREN'S HOSE, made of finest wool JG8LS&. -vrT^ J 3 so
yarn, steam shrunk, soft and pliable. -^CiSSufc i-A.H," J **
warranted fast black, double heels. rfiO|CT>9lSs\ V r J5^V E^ x °
toea and knees, full length. At the >TS& . Ss&rfL^ £'^ L ' DHE S3-
Riven away prico, ladles" or chil- / m»^w. £Vri:,~r WOi lAN*
dren's 23c a pair ( im^Sp^- B E
r* • t *"» i « r. m «\ 'TCilv.'V "J "11 HOLT A,
Gloves ! G'oves I Gloves! neck ruche: m
v—j^. "We have them _ TT I**T" BLACK NECK I
~JC, in every variety RUCHES, mad© of good quality fa3" W
7i I i 2£ToJ imaginable. The black liberty silk, accordion pleated M
I' I , following are ends, large and full around th« neck. N
%Jl ' >^ J U3t two o* our Only ««„ B
Sin L <SStv special attrac- " &c fi
H I W bS?a!Ss?° sitlve When You Buy an Urn- 1
W Mi\Vft LADIES' KID h-nlla i
v5SS>^^^v CLOVES, made- Drella S
of best Russian _ H
leather,' heavy v\\lii\ jton want a good one, I
and durable, ()Tm\ j usI> - as good as th« ¦
Paris stitched back, two-clasp, col- mone y can buy: here's H
ors tan, brown and dark red. The- PQgX+sZ+rT wnere you get full R
best fitting gloves in Fnsco..«t .OO Mvtarrtri A«a value for your money. R
WHY SUFFER WITH COLJD "i25^% LI - A^ 5°° LADIES* AXD R
HANDS \ AND POSSIBLY CHIL- x£#T GENTS' U1IBREL- B
BLAINS? \ l£O\ LAS « mad & of best |
We are selling this week LADIES* faat . black Italian R
GLOVES made of best fast-black ¦ vOj twill cloth. ste>el rod. 13
cashmere, two clasps, stitched back. . ¦"-", 2 tempered steel ribs. M
fit and wear like kid, but keep the natural wood handles, sterling stiver El
hands much warmer. Our leader.... trimmed. Our price 8oC H
"•"" ;;i 1 Vtauhi >1 " c Ladies' Mackintoshes, §
Vei'inq Season Is Well On 3 ® °* best quality waterproof a
_ . mackintosh cloth, double-breasted M
jBKv.. we have a wonder- cape, velvet collar, comes in brown or H
J£v*« ' ' • y large and va " blue checked material and navy di- H
F&&S .V. as3 °™ment of agonal cloth, such as sell all over H
a§8$fe& 'uiWmSi p^r a e ce ?. u r...5.°: K3 ° «* $3 - s ~°- 1
**$3i|&g3ggp, 600 yds BEAUTY »— « o [|
l^^m\ S^SSSt meshS UST WEEK 0F OUR FAMOUS I
(rn\W SSt'ffiS'Mrft Ribbon Sale. I
reliable "mesh /'"'enS on^s « U A ?fe" n^s^hade^'wS^ 3^ £ 1
JOE ROSENBERG,
816 Market Street, [
RUNNING THROUGH TO II O'FARRBLL.
PHELAN BUILDING.