ILLUSTRATION OF EVENTS IN THE. CUDAHY KIDNAPING CASE.
Continued on Second Pag?
ST PETERSBURG. Dec. 30.— Emperor
Nicholas, according to very recent Infor
mation from a member of the imperial
family, will arrive here from Moscow
about the end of January.
Will Return to St. Petersburg.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 2L-At 12:45 this ;
morning the street car strike. Inaugurated
a week ago. was called eff. President
Clark. General Manager Silliman and two
directors of the street car company came
to the strikers' hall after the vote to com
promise was pnssed and were received
with tumultuous cheers. The men de
manded what was equivalent to an ad
vance of 3 cents an hour. They were al
lowed, 2 cents. The men are also allowed
a ten-hour day. .Three hundred and twen
ty men were affected.
Scranton Car Men Granted Advance
of Two Cents an Hour.
STRIKE IS DECLARED OIT.
'The woman jtayed two days at the Met
calf street house and then left. She re
ceived no visitors while there, but, went
out frequently. Mr. Ruggles [ no.
visitors at? Miss Gleason' s, but was out
all day long.
messages for "Mr. Ruggles" were deliv
ered at the Windsor Hotel resulted' In
the finding of a special service boy who
was called about 11 o'clock on the morn-
Ing of December 9 to the boarding-house
In Mctcalf street and received a message
for a man whose name he remembers as
"Mr. BugleV at the* "Windsor Hotel. . He
cays'the lady was tall, dark and hand
some. She gave him money* and told him
to hurry. At the Windsor, while he was
asking for the person to whom the mess
age was addressed a man who, he says,
answers "the description of Johnson
stepped and said.' "That's for m#,"
taking the'envelope and giving him a tip.
Special lilspatch to The CalL
The clerk at the key counter also recog
nized tho picture and said that the man
received several messages at the "Windsor
under a funny name. When asked if it
was "Ruggles," he said:
"Yes, that is it. One was a telegram
early In the morning and during the morn-
Ing he got some messages delivered by a
special service boy."
Pictureaof Mr. Johnson and of a young
woman who disappeared from New York
at about the same time as the minister
were shown to Miss Gleason. That of
Mr. Johnson shows him in his fire depart
ment uniform. After she examined ; It
Mies Gleason said:
"The hat and clothes make him look
different, hut Mr. Ruggles had Just such
a face as that. The picture of Mrs. Rus
gles Is not so good. She was so beautiful
that no photograph could do hwr Justice. " ?
Inquiries ; baaed on lcTorciation that
MONTREAL, Quebec, Dec S3.— Close ln-
leaves little doubt that Rev. James
Le Baron Johnson of New York was in
this city from December 9 to 13. A photo
graph of him was fully identified as that
d "Mr. Montgomery," who was at the
Windsor Hotel on December S and 10 and
or •'Mr. Ruggles." who lived at the bouse
cf Miss Gleason. "Mr. Ruggles" left Mon
treu on December 13 "with a. woman he
called his wife to soil on the steamship
Tunisian from Halifax.
The tlcture of Mr. Johnson was shown
t<7 Chief Clerk Phillips of the Windsor
Hotel this afternoon and he vu asked
It It resetr.bled "Mr. Montgc=sery."
"I could nwear that that ia the same
nian." he tzil? "I did not s«e the woman
here at til, but there 1* no doubt whatever
in my mind that the picture la that of the
maa you have been inquiring about and
who w« here for a day."
."The question arises whether the occa
sion, should not be seized to separate the
British troops . from "Count Ton Walder
gee's command." ¦' . '
Repeating his statement that the Ger
mans are preparing for an expedition to
SInganfu in the spring' and also fomenting
trouble In the Yangtse Valley, Dr. Mor
rison says:
In a dispatch dated December 23 Dr.
Morrison sends a long protest against
German harshness, which, he says. Is cre
ating instead of checking disorder. He
accuses the Germans of punishing the In
nocent and the guilty indiscriminately In
order to levy fines for defraying their own
military expenses and to form an excuse
for continued hostile oppression. He also
charges Count von "Waldersee with a
breach ' of faith, on the ground that he
gave Li Hung Chang a map defining the
area of the occupation In the province of
Chill and Indicated the' district beyond
which the allies would not operate, and
yet allowed the German troops to inflict
severe punishment upon the Chinese -at
Tsangchau and Yungchlng, both of which
are outside the area. &9S
"Five expeditions are now operating.
Every report tells of Increasing unrest.
The policy of-rteprivlng the Chinese of all
power to exercise authority is spreading
disorder broadcast and forcing peaceful
Chinese into opposition."
LONDON, Dec. 31.— Wiring to the Times
from Peking yesterday Dr. Morrison
says: "The Chinese have accepted all the
conditions of the Joint note. They are
sending formal acceptance by an envoy,
and ask . that . negotiations should com
mence forthwith and military operations
cease. LI Hung Chang is much better,
although greatly shaken.
Dr. Morrison Accuses the Commander
of Duplicity.
DENOUNCES VON WAXDEBSEE.
astonished at receiving the imperial in
structions. Neither Li Hung Chang nor
Prince Chlng had expected success In
persuading the court under ten days.
The Emperor's lnstiuctlons are to agree
fully to the note, but to endeavor to get
the best terms possible, particularly In the
matter of limiting the number of the lega.
tlon guards and also as to the places
where these are to be located.
The plenipotentiaries are Instructed to
endeavor to limit the number of army
posts along the line of railway to as few
as possible and finally to request tua
powers not to destroy the forts but merely
to disarm them.
Li Hung Chang's health is bad and it is
doubtful whether he will be able to do
more than affix his ..signature' to an in
strument delegating hra powers to Prince
Chlng until another plenipotentiary shall
have been appointed. He was dressed
this morning and' earned In a chair to thu
residence of Prince Ching, with whom he
held a "long 'consultation. Prince Chlng
then called upon the dean of the diplomat
ic corps, the Spanish Minister, Senor de
Cologan, and requested him to notify the
other envoys that instructions had been
received from the Emperor to sign the
note. '
Th« foreign communities in Peking are
satisfied at the decided tone of the col
lective "note and " the assertion that 'the
powers are determined to entertain no
proposals for the modification of their de
mands. ¦ It is understood Li 'Hung Chang
eent a memorial to the throne couched In
very strong terms urclng complete com
pliance. .
.The Germans killed forty Chinese troops
near Mancherig, northwest of Paottngf u.
They had yno r casualties. Among tte na
tlvesa feelingr of great distrust Is being
caused, apparently by- the high-handed
action of the Germans, as the. Chinese
suspect - them of an Intention to force a
serious engagement with the Chinese
troops. -
FAVOBS WTTHDRA'WTNG TBOOPS
State Department Anxious to Termi-
nate Occupation of China.
""In view i of : the. prospects that each nation
will ; hereafter; maintain a ; legation guard
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— China is anx-^
ious that foreign occupation of her terri
tory shall come to an end as promptly, as
poslble, as it is constantly/. causing Jdls
orders and is an obstacle to the' peaceful
adjustment of
Commenting upon the Helvetia disaster,
the Dally Mail calls upon the Government
to send out at least 50,000 additional
mounted men.
A warrant has been Issued against Dr.
Tewater, a member of the late Schreiner
Cabinet, and he Is under arrest on a
charge of delivering a seditious speech at
Graaf Relnet. inciting to rebellion, in
connection with the recent Boer invasion
of the colonies.
"This," says the Cape Town correspond
ent of the Dally Telegraph. "Is the com
mencement of a series of arrests herald-
Ing a wide extension of partial law."
The elaborate statement given to the
"French has occupied Ventorsdorp.
Clements reports that he Is opposed on
the road to Kustenburg. The eastern line
was blown up near Pan and a train was
held up this morning on the Standerton
line. General Knox's column and Boyd's
brigade are holding Dewet from breaking
south."
SHANGHAI, Dec. 3L— There are persist
ent reports. In circulation here that the
imperial court is preparing to return to
Peking. Chinese advices from the capital
say that ninety carts with mules and
horses have been dispatched to Talyuenfu
to meet and bring back the imperial per
sonages and their entourage. It Is also
asserted' that Emperor Kwang Su has
summoned Hu Ping Chlh. former Gov
ernor of the province" of Shansl. to Sin
ganfu to accompany him to Peking. /
The Mohammedan rising in the province
of Kansu is spreading, and the troops of
the Viceroy of the province of Hunan are
aVt^e able to bold their own against the
p Jsels.
Prince Ching and LI Hung Chang, ac
cording to another dispatch to the Havas
Agency, say that Emperor Kwang Su has
expressed a desire that the court should
return to Peking at the end of February.
peror declares that China accepts the
Joint note and authorizes Prince Chins
and Li Hung Chang to negotiate; and to
ask for a suspension of hostilities."
:;MARQTJBTTE,-Mleh., Dec. 1 <j0.^-;"WllHain
Sullivan, .a ¦, tramp, , picked \, up '.-. the ¦ five-,
y ear-k>ld son . of Raymond ' Thlery } of Dol-
Tramp Steals ; a Boy.
"• Detectives*! to-day- verified .the-; Smith
story, and are now satisfied beyond doubt
of Crowe's connection with the' abduction.
Smith :has lived In Omaha twelve years
and has known ; Crowe for . much of that
time. _ - j» V ?'/ -'¦'¦'.' \ .-' \'.~ >~ ';'"*•
"You need not show me any pictures. -I
know that man.- It. was Pat Crowe. I was
busy at the broom machine when Crowe
called to rent the house- arid paid no at
tention to -him-, during his talk with Mrs.
Schnelderwlnd/ . Then \ I thought I recog
nized, the- voice, and stopped my machine
long enough to get a good look at him. I
saw at a glance that the man was none
other than Crowe, "a" man "Whom. I .had
known for ten years. I am as positive as
to the identity, of- Crowe as I would.be of
my, own; brother." , ¦
John Smith, an employe of the Schneld
erwind broom factory, has positively
identified Pat Crowe as the man who
rented ' the' Bchnelderwind house, in which
Eddie Cudahy f was. held by his abductors.
This Is the first positive recognition " of
any of the bandits. "When shown a picture
of Crowe, Smith Bald: '
Mr. Cudahy. says that he has not with
drawn the reward and does not propose to
do bo.
"The letter was shown • to me." and I
thought that the Chief of Police ought to
see it, as it might help In the investiga
tion, but I advised strenuously that noth
ing'whatever be said about It. because I
thought it was to the Interest of all that
until, these parties had been captured the
letter should be withheld."
The heartlessness of the letter has
aroused public indignation to a high pitch.
The detectives Infer from the letter that
Pat Crowe was positively connected with
the crime and that the criminals are still
in or near this city. .The letter, was mailed
at the postofflce In Omaha at 8 a. m. De
cember 22, showing clearly that one of the
gang was In the postofflce on that date If
the letter had the same origin as the let
ter demanding the ransom. That the ori
gin was the' same 'Is attested by General
John C. Cowln, who saw both. missives.
Speaking of It General Cowln said to-day:
Dec. 22, 8 a. m.." arid was delivered at the
Cudahy home at 11 a. m. by a postman.
The paper used was ordinary white note
paper and the matter was printed in cap
ital* letters with black Ink.
The last letter Is dated December 29.
and again the woman — If the writer be a
woman— gives names and dates that are
convincing on the point that she knows
enough about the Cudahy abductors to
be wanted. Her letters areMengthy and
most mysterious In facts, dates and de
tails. Efforts to ascertain who the writer
is havs proved futile. She keeps well In
the background, and .-evidently considers
her position well before intrusting the let
ters to the mails.
Is the quotation she uses to explain her
position.
FULLY IDENTIFY "MR. MONTGOMERY"
AS THE REV. JAMES LE BARON JOHNSON
Clerks of Montreal Hotel at Which the Clergyman Stopped Are
Positive in Their Statements.
C -:-:-:¦¦: •:::* ;¦¦•¦¦;-.-.-. ¦•- ?-*-
LONDON. Dec. SI.— The "War Office !
has received the following dis- |
patch from Lord Kitchener:
-PRETORIA. Dec. 30. 7 p. m —
General Littleton reports that our i
post at Helvetia was captured yesterday
rr.orr.irg by th» Boer?. About fifty were
killed and wounded and 3M taken prison
ers.
"Colonel Kitchener report? that he Is ;
following with a srr.all force in the track i
cf the enemy, Helvetia being reoccupied I
•fcy Reeves, who has been reinforced from {
Belfast.
"Helvetia was a very strong position on
the Machadodcrp-Lydenbwrg Railway.
and was held fcy a detachment of the |
Liverpool Regiment. An asking for fur- j
ther information."
¦While Lord Kitchener sends Ubrfa bad j
news for England on the closing day of |
the year, the press continues to take a ;
surprisingly hopeful view of a grave sit- !
nation and of revelations of an enormous* i
2y wide field of Boer activity. General \
Dewet is Etill at large. Kimberley is iso- j
lated. The Boers are in force enough to
have captured a strong position at Hel
vetia. In the Lydenburg district, while
judging from lord Kitchener's very re
cent advices no progress is being mfcde
against the Boer Invaders in Cape Colony.
According to further telegraphic advices
received yesterday Zeerust is practically
b+sieged. but has provisions sufficient for
five months. The garrison at Ottoshoop ;
l-.as been withdrawn to Uchtenburg.
A <!i£patch from Cnrnavon, dated^yes^
terday, reports that the Eoers who have
been threatening that poin'.were driven
eff and are being pursued. _„ _ ¦¦'}¦¦-
"It is e%ident," cays a belated rr.«.f?age
from Krugcrsdorp. dated December 21.
'"that the Boer commissariat in the direc
tion of the Magielsburg is well supplied. |
end that until the country between here
and the Magi?lsbunr is properly cleared
of Boers they will continue to concentrate
there, the ground being particu'arly
&<3aptPd to their methods of warfare."
The Boers admit that In their fight with
Grreral Clements at Nooltgedacht they
lost 130 men.
"It- is understood that Lord Kitchener
cannot ask the colonies officially to send
troops," says a Durban dispatch, dated
December 29. "but he desires It to be
known in Australia and Canada that Aus
tralians and Canadians arriving In Natal
will be eligible for immediate enlistment
In the irregular corps, which is proceed
ing to Johannesburg for five months' ser
vice.** •
To emphasize Lord Kitchener's covert
edmisslon that no progress is being made
against the invasion of Cape Colony, a
correspondent at Burghersdorp, wiring
Saturday, reports as follows:
'Two fresh commandos are entering the
Colony. One has already crossed near
Knaapdaar and the arrival of another Is
momentarily expected In the Steynsburg
district. The Boers are said to have two j
or three horses each, though in bad con- !
d'.tion. They have no gnns or transport. |
tat are well supplied with Lee-Mctford |
rifles and ammunition. Captured Boers j
ray that the Intention of these com
mandos Is to roam about and wait until
Dewet appears on the scene."
All dispatches arriving in London agree i
that the Cspe Dutch show no* inclination j
to rise, but. on the contrary, appear to •
be tired of the war and desirous of peace.
Many refuse to supply the Boers with
food, and are willing to give Information j
to the British regarding Boer movements. I
Details of the Greylingstad affair show |
This letter, which was unsigned, was
sent through the malls and was addressed
as follows: "E. D. Cudahy. 51S South 37th
St., City." It was postmarked "Omaha,
"Cudahy: If you value the boy's
life at the price of a bullet you will
withdraw the reward at once and let
well anough alone. If you don't do
this we will finish the job with a bul
let. If any man whather gilty or ino
csnt is ever arrested a bulet will close
the boy's mouth. You will think of
this warning when it is to late."
» veal to the public the contents of
the second letter he received from the
abductors of his son, The Call Is now per
mitted to publish a verbatim copy of that
communication. Here is the letter:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
/^-^v MAHA, Dec. 20.—E. A. Cudahy,
fi \|the millionaire packer, having
\1 )j thought better of his .resolution
*"*^ of Sunday that he would not re-
CINCINNATI, Dec. 30.— The Enquirer
has received a second significant letter
from "EIMse T.." who now signs herself
"Elolse V. Tarrell." In this letter the
writer says that conjectures as to her
identity on the part of the Omaha cor
respondent are wrong:, that she is not Liz
zie Burns, and that the correspondents
are not likely to fathom the mystery of
her Identity. She also gives reasons for
her offer to clear up the Cudahy mystery
"Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned"
Clear ths Mystery.
"ELOISE T." WRITES AGAIN.
Renews Her Anonymous Offer to
lar Bay on Saturday and led him to Point
Mills, some miles off. Sheriff Lean appre
hended the man eighteen miles south of
Houghton this afternoon. There was con
siderable excitement over the affair, but
it is not believed that Sullivan harbored
any sinister Intentions. He Is believed
to be mentally deranged.
that Trhiie Colville's column wa/> pursu
ing the Boers a second force of ko of the
enemy was seen moving toward the camp
Ti-ftere the British transport was In
spanned. The small British force made a
plucky stand. Reinforcements arrived
with artillery, and after a severe fight the
Boers were defeated. The British losses •
altogether were nine killed and sixty- \
three wounded and missing. The Boers
are said to have had thirty-one killed. .
Lord Kitchener, wiring from Pretoria on
Saturday, December 29, says: 'There is
not much change in the situation In Cape
Colony. The eastern force o\the enemy
appears to have broken up Ir.ti » small par
ties at Utrecht and to be moving about
rapidly in the same district, evidently
waiting for support from the north. The
last report states that the western force
is moving to Carnarvon. De Lisle and
Thornycroft are In close pursuit.
press on Saturday by Major General Hen
ry Colville, whose resignation has been
demanded by the War Office but who has
refused to resign and has demanded a trial
by court-martial, t» establish the respon
sibility for the Yeomanry disaster at
Lor.dley last May. excites considerable
sympathy and n tendency to make further
attacks upon the War Office. It is gener
aily conceded that Colville has' been
harshly treated, but as his statement is
ex parte the papers -withhold final judg
ment.
====== ¦
DESIRES THE COURT'S RETTJRN.
"Emperor Hwang Su Wishes to End
Its Ezil« From Peking.
PARIS. Dec. 30.— The Havas Agency ha?
received the following dispatch frocx Pe
king: "Prince Ching and LJ Hung Chan?
tave communicated to the foreign en
voys an Imperial edict in which the Em-
Zeerust is bssieged, Kimberley is isolated and news of Boer successes comes from points cover
ing a ¦wide area in South Africa. Lord Kitchener repprts the capture of Helvetia, a "strong post on the
Machadodorp-Lydenburg Railway, by a Boer commando on Saturday. Fifty of the garrison were killed
" or wounded and the remainder, two hundred in number, led away into captivity. At Kimberley tb.2 scenes
that marked the former siege are being repeated. Famine pricss prevail and the military has taken
charge cf all food supplies, with the object of husbanding the resources of the town It has been found
necessary to withdraw the garrison from Ottoshoop. Practically the whole of the two former republics
and the northern portion of Cape Colony are overrun by Boer raiders, whose mobility enables them to con
centrate rapidly and swcop down upon the smaller garrisons along the British lines of communication. To
add to the misfortunes to British arms in South Africa, the demand for the resignation of Sir Henry Col
ville has raised a storm at home that threatens to involve the London War Office and the' army chief
tains in one of the greatest scandals that has ever shaken British military circles .
Patriots Besiege Zeerust and Additional Commandos Cross
the Boundary to Invade Cape Colony.
Lord Kitchener Reports Fifty Men Killed or Wounded and
the Remainder of the Force Prisoners.
The report of Lieutenant Colonel E. A.
Garlington. inspector general, who mada
a careful investigation of the beef ques
tion, sustained General Miles' assertion
that the beef was treated with preserva
tives, and the testimony of officers before
the war commission and court of inquiry
will also be quoted in substantiation of
General Miles', attitude.
Surgeon Daly's delay In submitting his
report to General Miles arose from the
fact that he became ill after returning
from Porto Rico and the necessity of
making a careful . analysis of the beef
which he had secured.
In his reply tc General Alger It Is un
derstood the commanding general of the
army will not hesitate to publish certain
facts which. It Is said, will not be credita
ble to the former Secretary of War. Gen
eral Miles will take up fn detail the
charges of General Alger and make a spe
cific answer to each- With respect to
General Miles' delay In bringing the facts
In connection with the beef furnished to
the troops to the attention of the Secre
tary of War, it Is explained that he did
not care to make serious charges, which
would cause such Indignation throughout
the country, unless he believed the facts
warranted their submission. He therefore
Instituted a qu!et Investigation and gave
consideration to the reports made to him
by subordinate officers. His duty as com
manding general required that he should
take steps for an Investigation as soon as
he became convinced that the Government
had been defrauded and that the troopti
had been compelled to eat nauseating
food, which was responsible for so much
illness. Had he failed to take this action
he would have been derelict and unfaith
ful to the obligations of his position.
General Miles deeply regrets that the
beef controvery has been revived. He re
garded it as closed, his charges in his
opinion having been sustained and the
country having passed final Judgment.
General Miles' action after the Spanish
war In calling attention to the character
of the meats rupplled the a*rmy was not
dictated by any desire to call down public
odium upon General Alger or upon Gen
eral Eagan. In fact, he studiously avoid
ed mentioning their names. He feels that
as a result of the charges then made and
the investigation and publicity which fol
lowed there has been a vast Improvement
in the rations 5upplied the service, with
a corresponding Improvement In the
health o* the soldiers. The be«f packers
are more careful, the Inspection Is better
and the rations of the troops superior to
what it was during the Spanish war. -
General Miles' determination to answer
General Alger Is regretted by his Imme
diate official and personal friends. They
believe that In the interest of the general
and of the array at large be should let
General Alger's charges go without com
ment now, and write a book when he re
tired fully dealing with' the Spanish war
and the beef controversy. General Miles
will not. however, wait so long. He will
commence the preparation of his reply,
and when ready he will make It public.
"As to the statements which Mr. Alger
makes wblch are untrue, I cannot discuss
them. I do not propose to go Into detail*
now. I Intend to answer the article, but
I will do so In my own time. That Is all 1
care to say now."
This Is the answer Lieutenant General
Nelson A. lilies, commanding the army.
consented to make to-day to the charges
of General R. A. Alger In his North Amer
ican Review article. General Miles re
turned to-day from North Carolina, 'where
he had enjoyed several days* bunting. He
read General Alger's article and then
went for a drive with Mrs. Miles.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. MM O
STREET N. W.. WASHINGTON. Dec.
30.— "A great many statements that former
Secretary of War Alger makes In his arti
cle The Food of the Army During the
Spanish "War' ere absolutely untrue. The
case was tried In the high court of pub
lic opinion and the press, and Its verdict
¦was given two years ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Friend3 of the Commander , in Chief
Seek in Vain to Dissuade Him
From This Course.
Announces That He Will
Reply in Detail to the
Statements.
Accuses Ex-Secre
tary oi Deliberate
Falsehood, i
MILES SAYS
ALGER SHUNS
THE TRUTH
PEKING. Dec. 30.— The Chinese pleni
potentiaries have been unexpectedly or
dered to sign the preliminary joint note
and ' have ¦ notified tho foreign envoys to
that effect.
The Chinese themseives were greatly
Special Dispatch to The Call
Kwang £u Only Asks That His Pieni
poten'ianes Obtain the Best
Possible Terms.
Imperial Edict Comes as a
Surprise to Ministers
at Peking.
Chinese Emperor Or
ders'Signing oi;"
Joint Note:
AGREES TO
DEMANDS OF
THE POWERS
BOER RAIDERS MAKE A DESCENT
UPON AND CAPTURE THE BRITISH
TROOPS GARRISONING HELVETIA
Declares That if Any Alleged Abductor Be
'Arrested a Bullet Will Avenge H m
Second Letter to .the Lad's Father Demands
That He Withdraw Reward.
OMAHA THUGS THREATEN
YOUNG CUDAHY'S MURDER
IF WARNING IS IGNORED
'', SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1900.
PRICE FTFE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— XO. 31.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Stops the Cough
And ;: work* s off _; the - Cold. - Laxative. Bromo-
Qulnln* '.TaWets ¦ cure, a cold ¦• In : one .day.' No
Cure," No Pay. -Price 25- cents."-. •
Danish Official Declares Antilles Are
for America Solely/
COPENHAGEN. Dec. 30.— In Danish of
ficial circles the report that Germany is
negotiating to purchase th.e Danish An
tilles is denied. "If the islands are to be
sold." said ; a high official to-day, '.'the
purchaser will be the United States and no
other power. All will be sold or none.','
Business Block Burned.
WEST LORNB, Ont., Dec. 80.— Fire to
night wiped out one of the principal busi
ness blocks of- the village, causing; a loss
cf $125,000. . • ' . • ¦ -.--¦:•
NOT DEALING WITH GERMANY.
Colorado last night and has continued
with varied strength throughout .the State
to-day. The temperature fell-in most sec
tions and at several places the fall of
snow has been ¦ quite heavy. ' Railroad
traffic, thouph not seriously affected, has
been interrupted and trains are all ar
riving late. No great damage to live
stock has been reported.
OMAHA. Dec. SO.— A furious blizzard be
gan in the eastern part of Nebraska at 8
o'clock this morning, continuing through
out the day and to-night; extending over
the State. In this, olty the street car
traffic is badly blocked. A high wind is
piling the snow badly.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Deo. SO.— A snow
etorm set in to-night, and the temperature
is falling. Reports from Northern Mis
souri, Kansas and Iowa show the fall to
be heavy. "Winter wheat in many sec
tions of these State.?, as well as through
out the "West generally, has been heavily
incased by a blanket or snow, which will
afford protection to the grain from ' se
vere freezing.
Railroad Traffic, Though, Not Serious
ly Affected, Is Interrupted,
Trains Being Late.
DENVER, Dec. CO.— A blizzard visited
COLORADO VISITED
BY FIERCE BLIZZARD
PARTS, Dec 30.— Th© Luxembourg Mu
peum has "purchased several: pictures dis
played at the Parisi Exposition. , Among
these are Walter McEwen's "A Sunday
In Holland" and ¦ Humphrey -Johnson's
"Portrait of. a '"vTomanJ both r from! tha
United States section.
Work of American Artists.
BERLIN, Dec. : 80.— The Lokal Anzeiger
announces that the appeal in. the case of
Banker Sternberg. convicted of, an offense
against morality, will result in a new. trial
owing to a legal flaw. It also asserts that
proceedings have been begun* against- Dr
Belle, the leading counsel for , the • defense
and Dr. Werhauer, the Junior counsel, for
collusion, with Criminal Commissioner
Thiel to secure illegally the acquittal ; of
Sternberg. ,,..-..
New .Trial for Sternberg.
SAVANNAH, Mo., Dec. 30.— A traveling
man, whose name has been incidentally
mentioned in connection with the murder
on Christmas eve of -Frank • Richardson,
has disappeared and detectives are ¦ en
deavorlnsr to locate him. Mrs. Richard
son is stilj confined to her bed with ner
vous prostration and the attending, phy
sician said to-day:
"It is probable that sh© will 'not' live;
Her Brief and suffering are Indescribable
and she wants to die.
trated From Shock.
Relict of Murdered Millionaire Pros-
WIDOW MAY DIE OP GRIEF.
HENDERSON, Ky., Dec. 30.— A train on
the Henderson roa.- was wrecked two
miles east of this" city this afternoon and
five persons seriously injured: • '
William S. Holloway of Henderson had
an arm broken and was badly bruised;
John Mason of Henderson was injured in
ternally and is in a serious condition, and
Cyrus Scott of Madisonville suffered a
broken .leg. Two others whose names
could not be learned were seriously In
jured.
A coupling pin placed in the switch frog
apparently by wreckers caused the wreck.
the Result of Dastardly Crime
in Henderson.
Five Persons Seriously Injured as
PUT COUPLING PIN IN
SWITCH AND WRECK TRAIN
-.; KANSAS .CITY.* Dec. *30r-The fire early' this
mornlnic.in the Pennock block.- whlrh for a time
threatened the Baltimore Hotel,' was ¦ got under
control with small loss. ¦
Former Premier ¦'» Sagasta Declares
. That a Changs _of : Ministry Is V
Inevitable.
\. MADRID, Dec. 30.— Rumors of , a Cab
inet crisis increase. Senor Sagasta, for
mer Premier, who has finally, broken si
lence, ; declares ; that < a change of Ministry
is inevitable, on. account of the differences
in - the Cabinet , itself, * as well .as In the
ranks of its supporters. . • ;
Little Doubt as to the Outcome in
Nebraska.
LINCOLN, Nebr.,, Dec. 30.—Members
elect of the Nebraska; Legislature \ began
arriving in force to-day. The annual ses
sion convenes at: noon Tuesday. Interest
Is heightened from the fact that two Unit
ed States Senators are to be elected — a
successor to Senator Thurston, whose
term .will soon expire, and one to • fill' the
vacancy caused by the' death of Senator
M.~ L. Hayward, elected two years ago.
The Republicans have a majority in both
houses, making it reasonably certain that
the two new Senators :,will be of that
party, There are nine avowed candidates
In the field, besides a number of others
whose • names have : been mentioned but
who ar$ making no active canvass. .
. There are three candidates for Speaker
of the. House, and two for "President of
the Senate, i all Republicans. . - The fusion
members have brought forward no can
didates for the two "positions.' On Thurs
day. Governor-elect Dleterich will be in
augurated:, and -the other State officers
sworn in.'
CABINET CRISIS ,
THREATENS SPAIN
TWO REPUBLICAN SENATORS.
,: -Joins the Republican.
HARRISBURG, .Pa.. Dee. SO.— State
Senator Washburn, vho was elected two
years ago as a Populist, with Democratic
and Prohibition Indorsement, issued a for
mal statement to-nlffht. announcing that
he had allied himself with the Republi
can party. His desertion gives the friends
of Mr. Quay control of the Senate, and
practically insures the election of W. P.
Snyder as president pro tern.
State Senator Washburn, Forme?
Populist, Leaves His Party and
GIVES QUAY CONTROL OF
PENNSYLVANIA SENATE
WASHINGTON, Dec 30.— The report
that the Chinese Plenipotentiary had been
directed to sign the joint note is a source
of satisfaction to officials- here, as indi
cating a disposition on the' part of the
Chinese Government to heed the'deslre-of
the, powers that negotiations shall be en
tered'on at once -and the present unsat
isfactory condition 'of affairs terminated."
The Emperor, it, was expected; would'in
struct his agents to obtain the best terms
possible. One of the principal objections
said to have been made by the Chinese
to the location of any great number of
legation guards in Peking is that these
guards would be a menace to the existing
Chinese Government. As had been al
ready stated In , these dispatches, -"" the
United States Government does not de
sire the absolute demolition of the Taku
forts, but simply their dismantlement, so
that ready access of a foreign force to
the Chinese capital would not be pre
vented. ! The demand of the powers in the
note, however, was for the destruction of
the fcrts. The inquiries said to have been
made by the Chines© Government of th©
envoys, of which inquiries, however, no
official intimation has been received from
Mr. Conger, have been regarded by the
officials of this Government as reasonable,
and because of this more delay than has
occurred was I expected In the court's di
rection- for the signature of. the note.
Nothing has come from Mr.* Conger re
garding the status of r the note since a
cablegram from . him some days ago an
nouncing that It had been presented to
the Chinese. "r^* **VI1lil Ilil
• Mr.- Wu, . the Chinese Minister, is some
.what puzzled as to just .what construction
to place on the Peking dispatch. He has
regarded . the demands '¦'¦. conveyed in ; the
joint 'note . as : harsh and - severe and : the
statement that it had . been; signed' caused
him' surprise. He 7 Is inclined to believe
that* in all 'probability what- the Emperor
has agreed .to Is that the Chinese envoys
should discuss . in a friendly ; manner, with
the other, envoys thelterms of the, agree
ment with a view,! as stated in the, Peking
dispatch,'to obtain. the best terms possible
along '.certain . specified : lines. , and also "In
others not"; contained -in the cablegram. •
of Emperor's Action.
Washington Not Officially Informed
In Peking. China Is anxious that it shall
be reduced to as small a number as the
powers can be induced to designate.
Cnina regards the American force con
stituting the American legation guard as
altogether too large. It numbers only
1800 men, but the Chinese diplomats here
point out that if each nation maintains
a guard of this strength Peking will be
under the control of a force of 14.000- for
eign' troops. There are now in China
about 100.000 allied. troops.
Ofllcials of the administration Insist
that It is absolutely necessary to main
tain in Peking the force now there, de
claring that the interests of the united
States could not bo. protected with a
smaller number. 'General Chaffee is in
control of a section of Peking, and a few
days ago sent out an expedition to a point
south of the city. Adjutant General Cor
bln denied to-day most emphatically that
this column was in any sense punitive.
There are to be no executions nor inter
ference with Chinese officials and people.
The duty of the column is to rescue some
missionaries and return with them to
Peking.
NO NEWS FEOM MR. CONGER.
Sails With Recruits.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 30.— The Rus-
Flan trar.Fport St. Petersburg has left
0MeF?a with 1500 recruits for the maritime
provinces. She carries, also, numerous
preeents from the Empress to the Red
Cross Society officials and nurses in' that
rHstrirt.
The company ordered a tug to accom
pany her, but none was available here.
Tugs will be sent from Liverpool to meet
her. There will be considerable anxiety
as to her safety in her present disabled
condition, especially as the weather has
again broken in a high northwest gale.
It was impossible to interview any of
the Lake Megantlc's people, and the com
pany's agents are reticent, but It Is un
derstood that there were indescribable
scenes among the passengers, who are
tald to have howled In despair expecting
that the steamer would founder at any
moment. '
When th© storm moderated Captain
Taylor decided to return to Queenstown.
It was difficult work to steer the big ship,
but she managed to anchor hero without
assistance. Her officers and men were ex
hausted.
To everybody's surprise, the Beaver
Company directed Captain Taylor to take
the Lake Mesrantlc to Liverpool, and ho
proceeded there with all her passengers
and mails, to be transferred to the Lake
Superior, which will leave the Mersey on
Tuesday.
'--¦ - — ' ' : «•¦<¦
QUEENSTOWN, Dec. 3L— The British
Fteamer Lake Megantlc, Captain Taylor,
from Liverpool December 25 and Queens
town December 26 for St. John, returned
to Queenstown yesterday (Sunday) morn
ing after a terrible experience In the gale.
She left Queenstown Wednesday carrying
th© Canadian mails, forty-five saloon and
twenty-eight cabin paBsengrers and about
BOO steerage passengers, principally for
eigners with many Jews among them.
She had reached a point about forty miles
west on Thursday night when she encoun
tered a merciless gale. Behaving splen
didly, she would have got through had
not « the steering gear become damaged
badly, placing her in a dangerous position.
The crew worked bravely and rJgged the
hand-gear, and th© vessel was again
broug-ht under control.
Unfortunately the hand-gear also be
came damaged. Th© gale lasted twenty
hours and an Immense sea broke over the
vessel, smashing the booby-hatch and
flooding her between-decks. where the
uteerase passengers were located. It also
washed away the greater portion of the
fittings and did considerable deck damage.
Three lifeboats were smashed. Some of
the crew were seriously injured and one
seaman was killed on deck.
30.— Of especial interest to tha country Is
the forthcoming naval register for . the
year 1901, which is being prepared under
the direction of Rear Admiral Crownln
shleld, chief of th© Bureau of Naviga
tion. It will show th© remarkable growth
of the navy^during the nineteenth cen
tury. From a few olRcers and still fewer
ships the navy has grown to a total of
1838 commissioned officers, 17,500 enlisted
men, 2500 apprentices and 232 ships of all
classes, with 61 under construction. The
new register will also present the name
of an officer bearing the rank of admiral
of th© navy, while the highest grade of
th© navy of 1800 was that of co-mmodorb.
The senior officer of the navy is still Ad
miral George Dewey.
While, compared with the foreign ser
vice, the material of the navy is small,
it has as high a position as the ships of
1800 had established for themselves after
their battles with French and Tripoli
tans.
The battleships in commission number
seven— the Alabama, Kearsarge, Ken
tucky, Iowa, Indiana. Massachusetts and
Oregon— and this number is shortly to be
Increased by the addition of- two other
vessels of this class— the Wisconsin and
the Illinois.
The armored cruisers number two — the
Brooklyn and the New York.
The protected cruisers .number fourteen
—the Columbia and Minneapolis, laid up
in ordinary; the Olympia, San Francisco,
Baltimore. Cincinnati. Raleigh and Bos
ton, undergoing reconstruction: the Chi
cago, Philadelphia. Newark. New Orleans,
Albany and Atlanta, in commission.
Lastly, there are the second class bat
tleship Texas, six modem monitors and
many unprotected cruisers, converted
cruisers, torpedo-boat destroyers, torpedo
boats, tups, colliers, training: ships and
receiving ships.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, 1406 G
STREET N. W.; WASHINGTON. Dec.
Remarkable ' Increase in
Uncle Sam's Sea-Fight
ing Power.
Special Dispatch to Thepall
NAVY'S GROWTH
IN A CENTURY
Surprising Action on the
Part of the Owners of a
Big Steamer. \
DISABLED SHIP
IS ORDERED TO SEA
IN a speech before 200 Harvard and
Radcliffe students at his annual
Christmas eve reception. Professor
Charles Eliot Norton declared the
United States to be the worst of all
nations. He said that for the past two
1 Christmases there had been a sad gloom
banging over this country. We have not
been at peace with the world, and we
have not shown good will toward man.
of a thorough knowledge of the teachings of our
Holy Book, combined with loyalty to the prin
ciples of obedience to established rulings, which
shall not be amended except by the best attain
able wisdom of experts. And perhaps we differ
from wme upholders of one form of orthodoxy
in our conception of what constitutes orthodox
Judaism which seems to us to require a per
manent council to record the Interests of our
religion by defining Jewish duty in response to
new conditions, which so frequently arise.
The evil of reform Judaism is that changes
are made frequently by men who do not claim
to be experts. The standard of learning among
the older ministers was very high, but among
the younger ones who have received their He
brew education in this country only the stand
ard Is not so high as it should be. Even lay
men, an trustees of congregations, presume to
Introduce Innovations, and the logical result of
this is that as individuals they carry the prin
ciple of liberty to do as they please into their
home and personal lives. The Jewish features
of orthodoxy are gradually, omitted and sooner
or later nothing Jewish remains.
The necessity of a synod that should be a
permanent body and composed of representa
tives from all parts of the world, s» that Juda
ism in one country will be the same as Juda
ism In another country, becomes apparent when
we. read of the action taken by the eighteenth
council of the Union of American Reformed
Hebrew Congregations, held in Richmond In De
cember of last year. At that session they
adopted resolutions declaring that "the Jews
are not a nation. America Is our ZIon."
Against such * radical departure from the
teachings of Jeramlah we must emphatically
protest, for such gross misrepresentation of
Judaism and its Ideals will mislead many He
brews, as well as many of our neighbors of an
alien faith, by causing them to believe that we
no longer entertain tbe ideal of Jewish nation
ality. ¦
Dr.. Mendes then dwelt on the fact that
many Jews are content with such divorces
as they can obtain from the civil courts
of the country, the custom of widow*
marrying the brothers of their deceased
husbands and of the intermarriage of
Jews and Gentiles, all of which he de
nounced as being Inimical tn LL# Latcresta
of Judaism. V.
Dr. Mendes spoke of correspondence he
had with Seth Low of th© American Peac-3
Commission to The Hague concerning the
proposed action of the peace conference
in connection with the Geneva Red Cros*
convention. The letter to Seth Low and
another to the President of the United
States were in relation to the substitution
of another emblem than the red cross for
Jewish physicians, surgeens and order
lies, who had conscientious scruples
against wearing what is an emblem asso
ciated with a religion whose doctrines
are antagonistic to their own.
Seth Low replied that the commission
would do what they could to carry th*
idea Into effect and the President replied .
saying the matter had been brought to
the attention of the Secretary of State.
The following resolutions were adopted:
That a committee be 'appointed to form
unions for the purpose of instructing the young
In Enclish. .
That on the eve of all Jewish festivals and
holidays an explanation of the significance of
the same be sent to the Associated Press, to
gether with a request that they, publish, th*
same.
' 'That the executive committee talcs such steps
as they may deem advisable to further Sabbath
ntririrnTirr 'lTTI^iTTy^irWail^JWWpCTTt'IffiUtPW
That a committee be appointed to communi
cate with the National Government at Wash
ington, asking them to provide chaplains in the
United States Army,, and Navy to minister to
religious Instruction of the , Hebrews in that
branch of the imblic service.
A resolution providing^ for special ser
; vices for the Instruction of <iie young
brought forth a storm of opposition and
the resolution was finally referred to the
executive committee for such action as
they, may deem proper after careful con
sideration. The majoiity of those who
spoke on this resolution were of .the opin
ion that any -special service would tend
to lessen the respect . • which the children
would have for the repular." service ani j
that -In no way could tncy be so effective
ly-taught to reverence the divine service
than by participating in It In common
with' their eld«rs. .
*¦ Officers for 1901 were elected as follow*:
Rev. Dr. Mendes. president: Rev. Mr. Oe
Sola, Montreal; L. M. Dembitz. Louia-
The Union was organized two and a
half years ago for the puroose of advanc
ing the interests of positive biblical, rab
binical and historical Judaism. Not be
ing a synod the meeting had no authority
to amend - religious questions, but as an
assembly of representative men and con
gregations it was the Intention of the
meeting to take such steps as they could
for the advancement of the creed.
Rev. H. P. Mendes, president maa© th©
opening address, in which h© explained
what the Union desired to do, and said
In part:
We differ from reform Jews in our Insistence
of Montreal, -Rev. -Dr. P. Klein. Joseph
Blumenthal, Dr. Cyrus Adler, L. Napo
leon Levy, I. Silverman. Max Deusch
raann and Jacob Hecht.
meeting of the Union or Orthodox He
brew Congregations was held to-day, at
tended by representatives from ninety-six
orthodox congregations in the United
States and Canada.
Rev. I>r. H. P. Mendes, president of the
Uuion, occupied the chair and among
those present were: L, N. Dembitz of
Louisville, Dr. S. S. Cohen of Philadel
phia. Dr. A. Frledenwald of Baltimore, H.
K. Sarasch of New Tone, Kev. M. da Sola
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Th©' bl©nnial
RepresentatiTes From Nine
ty-Six Congregations
present.
ORTHODOX JEWS
IN CONVENTION
JACKSON. Mich.. Dec. 30.-8. J. D#
franee, a noted forg«r. sent to the State's
prison here from Kalamazoo County In
1S94 for eleven years for defrauding a
Kalamazoo bank of several thousand dol
lars, has been pardoned by Governor Pin
gree.
Pardoned by Pingree.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Dec. Si).— General
Urlbe, chief of th© Colombian revohitl«n.
recently defeated at Corozai. In the proT
lnc© or Bolivar, naa arrived at a&aracalbo.
This ts regarded as a deathblow to the
revolutionary movement
KINGSTON*. Jamaica, Dec. ».— The
British steamship Orinoco, which arrived
her© to-day from Colon, reports consider
able rebel activity In nearly all th© pro
vinces. Business Is at a standstill In al
most every section.
The Colombian Government, according:
to the same advices, has been makinsr un
successful attempts to corner th© rebel
bands.
General T/ribe Arrested.
LONDON. Dec. SI.— Colon©! TTOcocka
has cabled th« Government that tha
Ashanti rebellion has ended, all the robe!
chiefs, having surrendered.
bellion Is Suppressed.
Colonel Wilcocks Cables That the Be-
ASHJLNTI CHI K KS SUTZKE2TDZR.
days ago Mr. Reed, who had been in St.
Luke's Hospital. New York, in a critical
condition, was removed to his home In
West One Hundred and Twenty-second
street, much improved. On her father's
complete recovery, Miss Reed's Philadel
phia friends say, her theatrical career
will begin In earnest.
FOR several seasons Miss Florence '
Reed has been a social favorite
in Philadelphia? A short time ago
she went to New York City with
the Intention of studying for that
profession of. which her father, Roland
Reed, Is so •• popular a member. Several-
MINE PRESIDENT
HELD FDR MURDER
Police Investigating Death
of Mrs. Hammers of
Chicago.
• •' ¦ • -¦ ,'. ; - ..¦.'¦•-' ¦
CHICAGO. Dee. 30.— Merritt D. Hoff,
president of the Xurnagain Arm Gold Min
ing Company of Phoenix, Arizona, was ar
rested here to-night and is held pending
.an investigation by the police into the
death of Mrs. Nora Hammers, who was
found dead in her room to-day with a
bullet in her brain.
Hoff, who has been acquainted with
Mrs. Hammers since July, admits that he
was in the room at the .time of the
shooting, ' which was done ' with his re
volver, but he claims the -woman com
mitted suicide. Charles Gaussen, a friend
of Hoff. and Mrs. Qrlswell, a sister of the
dead woman, have also been arrested/
These two maintain that the woman killed
herself because she feared Hoff, who has
a wife and daughter, intended to cease
his acquaintance with her.
Hoff's revolver was found In one of the
dead woman's hands. Hoff claims that
when Mrs. Hammers fired the fatal shot
he picked up the weapon and ran for a
doctor. On the way he met Gaussen and
told him of. the tragedy. Hoff says he
gave the "revolver to Gaussen, who in
turn took it back to the room where the
shooting occurred and placed it In the
woman's hand.
Hoff lived for eighteen years In Minne
apolis and was the station agent of the
Great Northern in that city. : -- r.i
CHINA AGREES TO DEMANDS
Continued. From First Page. '
A PHILADELPHIA SOCIETY FAVORITE ; AND DAUGHTER OF ACTOR
ROLAND REED. WHOSE THEATRICAL CAREER WILL BEGIN* IX
EARNEST "UPON HER FATHER'S RESTORATION TO HEALTH.
Governor Murphy of Arizona ts at the
Holland House, and will go to Washing
ton on Tuesday to continue his efforts to
have that Territory admitted as a Stat».
""We have a hard fight on our hands."
lie Raid to-day, "but we purpose keeping
:t up until euccess crowns our efforts. Our
people want pelf-government and the ad
vantages of statehood. Freedom is the
underlying eentiment which urges us on.
"U> bellev© it entirely wrong for a people
i«f» taxed, directly or indirectly, without
representation. We are tired of Terri
torial vaFFalage. Arizona has a popula
tion of more than 1T2.000. having lncreasei
over 100 per cent in the last decade. We
liave. more people and more money than
twenty-three of the States had when they
were admitted."
Working for Statehood.
Addresses Mass Meeting
Under Auspices of Chris
tian Association.
— » —
Simultaneously His Speech Is Read
at More Than a Hundred Other
Gatherings Throughout
the Country.
* ¦
NE*V YORK. Dec. 30.— Governor Roose
velt spoke this afternoon at Carnegie Hall
before an audience of young men that
completely filled the house. It was a mass
mect.'ric; arranged by the Y. M. C. A. of
this city, but it was somewhat unique
In the fact that the chief speaker was
In a. way addressing more than a hundred
other audiences throughout the country.
<"<>}»ies of Governor Roosevelt's address
had been secured in advance and sent to
ussoeiations throughout the country and
It was paid that the address was read
aloud at more than a hundred other meet
ings at the same hour at which he ad
#f;^sy«'d his audience.
William K. Dodge presided. Among
iho.-e on the platform were General O. O.
Hov.ard. General John R. Brooke and
various officers from the harbor forts and
-.he ravy yard. There were also more
than a hundred bluejackets and soldiers
present; most of them members of tne
army and navy branch of the association.
"Tie New York festival chorus, conducted
!>y Morgan, tendered musical selection?.
Mr. Docgp spoke briefly on the history
of the Y. bL C. A. asid then eulogized
«.'oloncJ Roosevelt in the various capaci
ties in which he is known to the public.
The Vice President -elect wa.« received
with prolonged applause. lie spoke iji
jiart as follows:
"It Is a peculiar pleasure to me to come
before you to-day to greet you and to
hear testimony to ihe great good that
has been done by these > oung Men's and
Young Women's Christian Associations
throughout the United States and the Do
minion of Canada.
'•These association!? of yours try to make
men self helpful and to help them when
they are self helpful. They do not try
rnerely to carry ihem. to benelit them for
the moment at the cost of their future
undoing. This means that all in any way
connected with them not merely retain
T>ut Increase their self respect. Any man
¦who takes part in the work of such an
• •rgaiiizaiion is benefited to some extent
iind benefits the community to some ex
tent—of course, always with the proviso
tiiat th© organization is well managed
md If run on a business basis.
"Kach one of us has in him certain pas
t-ion? and instincts, which, if they gain
th* upper hand in his soul, would mean
That the' wild beast had come uppermost
5n him. Envy, malice and hatred are such
passions, and they are just aa bad if
direct «t against a. class or group of men
&s if directed against an Individual. What
ve need In our leaders and teachers is
lielp in suppressing such extreme oppo
site*. Woe to us as a nation if we ever
follow the lead of men who seek not
to smother, but to inflame the wild beast
«iualities of the human heart! In social
*nd industrial no less than in political
reform w© can do healthy work— work fit
for a free country. Jit for eeJf-g-overning
democracy — only by treading in the foot
«-tep» of Washington and Franklin and
Adams and Patrick Henry, and not In the
Mepe of Marat and Robespierre.
"So far what I have had to say has dealt
mainly with our relations with on© anoth
er in what may be called th© service of
the state. But the basis of good citizen
ship Is in the home. A man must be a
Kood eon. husband and father; a woman
*l good daughter, wife and mother, first
and foremost. There must be no shirk
ing of duties in big things or in little
ihinirs. The man who will not work hard
for his wife and his little ones; the wo
man who^hrks from bearing and rearing
many healthy children: these have no
place among th© m<=n and women who ar©
striving onward and upward."
Robert Speer, lay secretary of th© Pres
byterian Board of Foreign Missions, mads
ihe ronrliidinE- j>r1rtr<~i«i
ROOSEVELT TALKS
TO YOUNG MEN
¦"Let tlW»American people celebrate the
birth of the twentieth century by a mem
orable act— give liberty" to the Filipinos.
Victor Hugo used to say that no festival
or celebration- was complete which ; did
not bring amnesty or pardon- to some peo
ple.. Let us pardon the Filipinos for rebel
ling against our sovereignty if that Is
their crime, and in addition, let us confe:*
upon them liberty. Let America es
tablish a divine precedent — that of giving
freedom freely and without price to a peo
ple who prefer liberty to life."
CHICAGO. Dec. 30.— Professor Manga -
sarin, a Congregational clergyman,, to
night at the Grand Opera-house delivered
a lecture on "The Close of the Century."
He said in part:
gyman at Chicago.
Text Chosen by Congregational Cler-
The value of merchandise Imported into
the islands during this period is 6et down
at $18,390,698. Gold and silver to. -the
amount of J1.80G.340 went Into the Islands,
making the total importation $20,196,983.
The import trade from the United States
amounted to $1,450,807. The value of ex-
Jorts for the jeriod named amounted to
19,459,003, $17,634,391 in merchandise and
$1,824,612 In gold and silver. The value of
the exports to the United States is set
down at $3,594,575. A total of 69,644 tons of
Manila hemp, valued at $10,582,173. was
exported during the period stated, $3,405,808
worth being shipped to the United States.
' m
GIVE LTBERTY TO FILIPINOS.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30.— The division
of the Insular Affairs of the "War Depart
ment makes public a statement suAi^
marizing the trade of the Philippine Isl
ands for the eleven months ending May
31. 1900.. - ;:••;
and Exports" Nearly as Much.
Importations Over Twenty .Millions
TRADE WITH MANILA.
The Philippine Commission has added
to the pending school bill a provision for
the employment of 600 Amercan teachers
at salaries ranging from $75 to $100 a
month. .
General Fun^ton reports . that five in
surgents were killed and several captured
near Gaysan.
General Smith wires that the proclama
tion ¦• of the .Governor General has had
good results in his district. - *
Near Moroles yesterday a dozen insur
gents were killed and eight wounded.
General Grant telegraphs that he has
detachments . covering the lower portions
of Mount Arayat in the hope of catching
Alejandrino. He saya that last Friday
a detachment of the Forty-first Infantry
raided the camp of the insurgent leader
and secured some of his papers.
Near AlaJjaba to-day Captain Mendoza
with thirty men .of Sandlco's command
surrendered. A detachment of the Elev
enth and Ninth Cavalry killed twelve
Insurgents and destroyed several camps
in the Camarines district - ...
General Wheaton reports having- cap
tured and burned Gremorie's camp in the
peninsula, near San Antonio.
cans in this work sustained no
casualties. A detachment of the Fourth
Regiment captured sixty rebels in thd
province of Cavite.
M4NIL.A, Dec. 30.— To-day brought
reports of the capture of"insur
gents as the result of scouting
throughout Luzon. The Ameri-
skinned while yet alive."
any time during the year pre
vious. As one instance of their
ferocity he writes: ..i*-v
"The other day they jumped
a detachment of v our Twenty
fourth, numbering: twenty
two men, and captured sixteen
of them. One of them was
found terribly mutilated,
showing signs of having 1 been
Dec. 30.— In a letters-written
from the Philippines just bs
fore the recent election, to his
folks in this city,: Captain
Harry W. Newton says
at that time the encroach
ments of - the natives were
worse than they, had been at
WEST SUPERIOR, Wis.,
INSURGENTS
SKIN CAPTIVIE
SOLDIER ALIVE
American Generals Report Numerous
Successes in Recent Ope
rations Against the
Filipinos. "
Horrible Barbarity Prac
, ticed by Tagals Upon
« a Prisoner.
ATROCIOUS ACT
OF INSURGENTS
ville: Dr. A. Friedenwald, Baltimore, and
Dr. K. H. Sarasch. New York, vice presi
dents; Jacob Hecht, New York, treas
urer; Albert Lucas. Max Cohen. Isadora
Hirschfeld and J. Buchaiter. all of New
York, secretaries.
Trustees and members of the executive
committee were also nam*d. all thosa
chosen being from the East.
Scandalous scenes ensued at a Dowin
Zionist meeting In Bermondsey Town Hall
last evening, the disturbances culminating
In a free fight.
Zionists in a Fight.
With reference to the order for Prince
Henry of Prussia to repair to Berlin,
which the N'ord Deutsche Allgemeine
Zeltung explains is due to the wish of
Emperor William to have him learn th»»
affairs of government, the Berlin cor
respondent of the Daily News mentions a
conjecture that the summans Is prepara
tory to a visit by the Kaiser to the United
States.
Kaiser May Visit America.
who take this view think that the climax
may be postponed until the next Rettle
mpnt, but the prospect la far from hopp
ful, unless the bears themselves come to
the rescue of the brokers who have been
prominent in this attack.
It Is announced that the Marquis of Duf
ferin and Ava, on receiving: news that his
son. Lord Frederick Temple Blackwoorl,
had been wounded at Glenfonteln, re
signed the chairmanship of the London
and Globe Finance Corporation.
The Daily Telegraph says: The bear or
ders to sell, for a fall in Lake View and
other shares emanated chiefly from Ade
laide, where the condition of the proper
ties was presumably better known. So
persistent did these operations become
that an opposlnjr group, headed by th»
London and Globe Finance Corporation
(Limited), tried to create a corner in the
shares to squeese out the bear3, bnt they
were unable to pay for the large block3 of
shares purchased.
The Financial News, which Is inclined
to the view that the London and- Glob©
Corporation will yet get the accommoda
tion it requires, mentions a report that
one group actually offered half a million
pounds to assist In dealing with the crisis,
but was informed that at least ' £$00,000
would be required.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— London stock brok
ers are apprehensive as to the result of
to-morrow's dealings. Traders for the
past fortnight have been concentrating
their attacks on the Whltaker-Wrlfjht
share?, and had their assaults failed the
results must have been quite as sensa
tional as was the suspension of the Lon
don and Globe Finance Corporation,
Limited.
As affairs stand now, it Is expected that
no fewer than six additional flnrts will
suspend to-morrow. "The feeling Is very
gloomy. It is feared that tha genera!
markets must become affected. Those
Feeling Is Very Gloomy and It 13
Feared the General Markats
Must Become Af
[ *fected.
Six More Establishments
in London Expected
to Pail.
OTHER FIRMS ON
BRINK OF RUIN
TEE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1900 v
Awaits Her Father's Restoration to Health Be
fore Entering Upon a Theatrical Life.
ROLAND REED'S DAUGHTER
CHOOSES A STAGE CAREER
Well- Known Educator Who Believes That
America Is Degenerating.
PESSIMISTIC PROFESSOR
C. L. NORTON OF HARVARD
PROFESSOR CHARLES ELIOT NORTON OF HARVARD. WHO HAS BIT
TERLY CRITICIZED THE INTERNATIONAL POLICY OF THE
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.
"To-day," he added, "the United States
Is standing. forth as one of the worst of
all nations, for she is expressing ill will
toward man; she Is at war."
After reading from the Bible and wish
ing his g-uests a merry Christmas and a
happy new century, Professor Norton
said:
"Let us hope that next year our country
may again be at peace, and that she will
then be extending good will toward man."
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wondering
tbout that present ? Suppose
you go down this line.
China
Crockery
Glassware
Fanoy ware
Jardlneres
Lamps— Ornaments
Silver ware
Busts— Figures
Dinner Sets
Fish Sets
Game Sets
Onyx Tables
Gups, Saucers
Plates, Salad
Sets, Berry
Sets, Toilet
Sets, Vases
Olooks, Steins
Everything that's Beau-
tiful for Christmas
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great American ImportiiiE Tea Co.
CITY STORES.
SIO Grant Arc, bet. Post and Sorters
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
! 4O Sixth 6t. . 1419 Polk St.
112 Third 6t. 1819 Dertcadero «U
148 Ninth St. 2008 Pillmor* 8U
3OO6 Sixteenth <Jt. 152 1 Montftomepy A** -
2316 MUdoaSt. 6283 Mission 6u
T05 Larkln 6t. 2782 24tb 6U
8GS Hayes St. 475 Halftht SU
O2 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
f 003 Washington 6t 1237 Broadway.
US» 23rd Aw. . 616 E. I2th ««.
1510 6*wrth St.
XLAMEDA-I855 Park St.
6AJV RAFAEL- B 6t.. near Poart*,
APVERTiyraTvrTTNTS.
DAINTY BRACE
PARLOR ROCKER, ARM ROCKER.
Solid mahosrsny: Can* ¦•at. A
upholstered 'Wtth ffnod- rocker
vpIout; trimm«<l for little money,
with bras9 ( tack*.
15 Per Cent Reduction In
Every Department.
Estimates on complete House-furntahlnv
cheerfully riven.
Free delivery wltbla ZOO miles en C5
worth and over.
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO.,
OPEN EVENINGS,
338-342 POST STREET, ft£ w .
i _ _ —
-d^Kjg&^X'^^ EXTffACTJO*
BSp^^^^^^^^^f Our $5.00 Plates
fit llk.2 a jjlov*.
' 8JM4 GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Polk 1125.
®VIM, VIGOR. VITAUTYforMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been la use over ttvj
year* by th* leaders of tb*
Mormon Church aad their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases ta old and youi>s
¦rising from effects of aelf-
abuse. disslcation. excesses or
cigarette-smoklnr- Cures Ivj*t
Manhood. Impotency. Loit
Power, Nlcht Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains la Back. Evil Desires. Lama Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, pmm Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stops N« *5 t J rvous Twitrhins
of Eyelids. Kffects J^l, * r • Immediate.
Impart vlior and CE " T3 potency to every
function. Don't set despondent: a car* Is a:
hand. Restores small. Undeveloped orirans.
Stimulates th» brain and nerve center*!: 50c a
box: 6 for 12 50 by mall. A written truarantc* ta
curs or money refunded with 8 boxes. Circular*
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO. 40 EUU
rt.. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DUUO CO..
iS and 40 Third st.
IA/. X. HBSS,
K0TARY PC3C13 A!O aTT0RX2T-AT-LA-».
Tenth Floor. Room.1615, C!au« Sprteekels FM~
Telephone Brown 331.
Residence. S21 California st.. betow Puwell.
San Francisco^ing, and the pleadings of a heart-broken
mother have caused Foster many . hard
days' work to save some son from prison
or to take him out. _ ¦ ._¦.
One incident of Foster's early Hfe,shows
a disposition which few people gave : him
credit for. When he was . a young man
he lived In San Jose with his father.- The
elder Foster, had been rather wild In his
youth. It was his wish, though;tha^ Ned
follow In a straighter path.v The daughter
of a well-to-do merchant fell in love with
the boy; and it was with great hope .that
the father sanctioned the match. • Started
In a nice home.' : the couple lived happily.
As time .went' on, : however, the tralts'-of
the father showed In Ned and- It "was not
long before petty troubles were followed
by one of a 'serious nature. - Dark as
things : looked, the young ? wife 'stuckv to
her husband until one: day Ned left the
town. - A letter which he had left behind
explained all. rW*i^ < Tfiifw?Ti? a ' r* 'tiiBBflB
•In itihe.told thafhe was not the man
to make >a. husband for so good a wile,'
and; that* If he remained .it- would ; bring
disgrace*upon ' her. There was no Bhow
to live down vwhat he bad done,' and with
what money.-he had saved - he . had ; ar
ranged matters that by leaving, the' coun
try his troubles s would • be. hushed;uju , He
advised her to get a, divorce, which j after
a time was quietly done." Few of th% peo
ple of San Jose remember iNei- Foster: as
the' husband of . a ; beautiful, glril who pos
sessed a fortune in her own. right. 1 - \To> his
most intimate friend Foster I confided that
he - had • honestly $ loved.i: and : thatv rather,
than bring, disgrace upon his wife by 'the,
NILES, Dec. &l-ice half an Inch thick
formed here this morning, being the
vont freeze la many years. The ther
mometer registered 40 degrees at 7 a. m.
Cold Snap at Nlles,
The exercises of to-day b<»gan at 8:30
a m. with a session of the missionary in-
Ftltute, under the direction of George W.
I>eavltt of New York. At 9:30 o'clock
Mr. Colton and C. V. HIbbard of Chicago
conducted Biblo classes, both of which
were largHy attended, and at 10:45 the
day's platform address was delivered by
E. T. Coltor_ The theme, which was
"The Overcoming Ufe," was taken from
Timothy I. iv:7— "Exercise thyself unto
podliness."
PACIFIC GROVE, Dec. SO.-Although
to-day was Sunday the work of the Pa
riSc Coast Students' Conference, which
opened a ten clays' session in this city
on Friday night last, was carried on with
unabated vigor. The exercises of to-day
were, naturally, different to some extent
from those of yesterday, but were full of
importance and earnest interest A num
t«r of students arrived last night, thus
welling the list of delegates up to the
3:5 mark* and as so many institutions are
r< presented there is a great deal of
friendly rivalry manifested among the
ri*n. .. ¦
The leaders of the various departments
wem full of enthusiasm for their work.
»nd being remarkably able young. men
ere already producing a strong impres
*lon upon the students. This fact is es-
T-*cIally noticeable In the ca.«e of the
rhaircnan. E. T. Colton of New York, who
Ur tbe newly elected International College
«¦•« .-retary of the young Men's Christian
Association l.« making his first appear
am* among the college men of the Pa
' ' Coast. - H£9«Hwrit
Delegates Listen to Interesting and
Instrnctive Addresses by Prom
inent Speakers.
SUCCESSFTJX DAY AT
THE STUDENT CONTEBE1TCE
- New i nraps have yearly, almost dally,
been, created by the sword. First it is
the- Bahrel-Ghazal. then It Is the Nile
Valley,.and now, with the Inclusion of *he
Orange Free State and the Transvaal in
Her Oklajestey's dominions, another vast
' tract of territory bas to be colored red.
Who actually does the painting, and when
does it begin? The question is one of
those which' is permitted to flit promiscu
ously-across the mind and never receive
*an answer. But It prompted an Express
representative to callat the headquarters
of 4 the Royal Geographical Society and
tax an official on the subject of imperial
map-making— literally, not with maxims
or i over a volunteer dinner table.
Apparently the task of the pen and the
comoass Is as exacting as that demanded
bvi the sword. For it is a remarkable,
stupendous and detailed labor. The first
es«av is to determine the length, size,
ownership and color of the various rivers,
railways, towns, etc.. which run or lie
approximately near the borders of the
new possessions. The explorer may dis
cover.-or the officer with a scouting party
may alight : upon a new. village, river, or
mountain, a careful survey of which he
makes; and this may reach the Geographi
cal Survey. But the greatest care has to
be taken- in- accepting the absolute accur
acy- of - the. reports, for the enthusiastic
discoverer is often led astray by inevita
ble circumstances. - >
.•Miiltarv. surveys are usually made, it
was ; explained, before -a surveying com
mission meets - to decide the ."spheres of
Influence"— political and commercial,
boundary" lines, etc. The reports fur
nished, by these commissions are sent to
the Foreign 'Office, who Issue blue books,
which are laid upon the table in the Hou'e
of > Commons. After that— and not till
then— are the new : British possessions col
ored red.— London Express. . •
Colored Bed by the Pen.
Possessions Won by the Sword Are
IMPERIAL MAP-MAKTNG.
revelations of his wrong-doings he had
maae easy the freeing, of the. ties which
bound ah-. innocent- and good woman to
him. » . :. . :, ¦ ' -
Foster was never Idle. Out of one busi
ness and Into another, he was always on
the go. While things were not coming his
way and he was short "of funds he would
resort to some queer methods .tin 1 raising
a few dollars. About a year ago he con
templated a trip ,tO; Bakerafield. but had
not the necessary fare. .Nothing daunted
he ; borrowed a - two- foot * rule and going
Into the saloon of the Bella Union Theater
commenced to measure- the entrance lead
ing ; to the auditorium.", : The ¦ theater had
been closed for years; The saloon - pro
prietor espied Foster, who up to this time
had not . spoken a word,' and ! asked him
what he was ; doing. ¦•.,
: In a .careless - way Foster' unfolded' a
plan i in .which' he < was to - reopen - his - va
riety show, and . was figuring on. account
of the side entrance ordinance to enlarge
the ~ saloon 5 entrance, if the proprietor
would permit, so that the theater patrons
would j, be compelled to " pass ¦ through the
saloon.; Seeing: a boom "in vhls business
the proprietor,- of course. consented. -
Soon ' the two were ,. exchanging- ideas
'Incidentally Foster borrowed $20 on.leav
ing and pledged his ; new-found friend ' to
secrecy. Foster; forgot ,the Incident long
. before the'man realized that he had been
duped.' ; v ¦;;-,-.: .;?-'- ¦¦ ;¦-¦:.;... ¦./:¦. •-
V, Foster was' a: native of ¦-Missouri, and 51
years : of i age." v As yet ¦ no ' time • has . been
, set for the funeral, though it .will-prob
', .ably,' take place ' to-morrow.
NED FOSTER ANSWERS DEATH'S CALL.
Ten years ago there was an active news
paper man named George Duraind in this
city. He was for several yearn on The
Call.- but he spent most of his spare time
writing books and ; poems, and finally left
active dally newspaper. work to finish an
epic, which he afterward ¦ submitted to
several literary men, among them Profes
sor David Starr Jordan. His work re
ceived much praise from those to whom
he sUbmlttedTlt. and he spoke -frequently
of going East to 'secure a publisher. He
has not been In San Francisco for three
or: four years, out it was , understood
among his friends here that when he left
he was going to New .York. His reputa
tion here, as a newspaper man was good
Very little was known about his private
life.
"Among ths patients was a negro sub
ject to epileptic fits. The nurses beat him
shamefully and made sport of him.
Another patient was a man 80 years okl.
who was always talking about writing to
bis sister In New Jersey. He was In bed
most of the time, but the nurses showed
brutality even to him." '.
running after him. The man's hands were
fastened at.hla waist.. The nurse struck
him a blow on the" jaw which knocked
him down, and the other, nurses threw
themselves upon himTjumping on him and
beating him. . :. . >' .
"They took the man into his cell and
called for a sheet, which they put around
his throat and twisted until his tongue
protruded from his mouth. For another
remark at the table he treated In the
same way, except that a .towel Instead of
a sheet was twisted'- around his throat.
When the. towel was brought out of the
room I saw It was bloody. t
"There was . a Japauese ; fighter or
wrestler, among the patients who was a
very strong man. and the nurses were In
the habit of setting him on the other pa
tients for their amusement.
Ned Foster, the- well-known showman
and Pacifllc Coast character, died at tha
Oakland Receiving Hospital early yester
day morning. Despite every effort of the
physicians who,, with the hospital staff,
were attending him, death caane without
, his having regained consciousness.
! At the request of the widow the remains
were sent to the undertaking parlors of
Porter & White In this city. From there
they will be carried to their last resting
place.
While the stories are many in which
Foster figured as a' 'man of ¦ resourceful
Jdeas in the art of obtaining money from
others there Is one which will show that
he had at least one Tilend who remem
bers some kind act in the checkered . life
of .the man. . . -
When Foster went to Bakersfleld it, was
with the idea not to make a fortune,. but
to gather enough to. keep him from day
to day, for he had been "broke" for some
When i the news of his Illness was pub
lished it" reached a man who had known
Foster in better days, and it' is likely
that his offer to assist Foster financially
will be accepted to help defray the " cost
of burial. '
Prosperous or with a light purse Fos
ter was always ready to start a" subscrlp-'
tion to aid a . destitute . family, save v the
shame of a pauper's grave . to an i unfor
tunate or to provide care and attention
for a sick friend or stranger. As a worker
in helping those in trouble he: was untir-
"One night we had for supper three
prunes, a slice of bread and a cup of tea.
One of the patients made some remark.
He was immediately seized by one of the
nurses and rushed down the corridor until
he felL The nurses cursed him In the vil
est language.
"I had been suffering from malarial
fever for more than two weeks," said he,
"and drove to Bellevue Hospital on Sep
tember 22. I was carried across the yard
on a stretcher 1 and placed in the alcoholic
ward. The atmosphere in the place was
so foul that it was almost impossible to
breathe there. There were two deaths
in the alcoholic ward while I was there.'
One man, who had been strapped to his
cot, had worked himself loose from the
straps until his head hung down over the
side of his bed and pounded against the
floor with every movement he made. No
attention was paid to him. He was car
ried out dead at 5 o'clock in the morning.
It was the custom of nurses on duty at
night to sleep. If any of the patients
made disturbance enough to arouse them
they would run to his room and beat him
until he was quiet. Attendants not In
uniform were permitted to give patients
hypodermic injections to keep them stupi-,,
fled and quiet. The hypodermic syringe"
was freely used for this purpose. These
attendants also brought the patients
whisky and gave them water in return
for a promise of fees.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— G. J. Duraind of
San Francisco tells a shocking story of
alleged cruelty in Bellevue Hospital.
Duraind Is a newspaper faan, who wrote
several books In that city, and was en
couraged to come to New York for the
purpose of obtaining a publisher. He
brought with him letters from newspaper
men and from President David Starr Jor
dan of the Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity."
"These nurses: waited until * the '..head
nurse was away and then took the- man
by 'surprise. They knocked him down,
one of them holding him by the throat
and the other by the legs. They choked
and kicked him until he was unconscious
and' then dragged him /Into ¦ his room.
When -he recovered hly senses , he com
plained of a pain in his heart.
"One man was admitted to the ward af
flicted with religious mania, and was con
stantly preaching. Two of the nurses ran
him down the corridor, threw him down
and put a restraining belt on him, telling
him to keep quiet. At the table he made
some remark and got up to leave. 'What's
that you said?'/ shouted the head nurse,
" 'We are the earth in here.'
"To this he replied, 'Yes, you're -the
scum of the- earth.' , . . : • . .
"Another patient was an Irishman. He
camp in about 4 o'clock In the afternoon,
sat down on a bench and began to chafT.
Finally one of them said:
"I witnessed many brutalities while I
remained in the insane pavilion. There
was a Russian boy about twenty years
old. He was covered with bruises from
head to foot and his face was a sickening
sight. He was accustomed to sing, as a
result of his mania, and this angered the ¦
nurses extremely. The head nurse would
come behind him, seize him by the neck,
hit him in the back with his knee and
throw him to the floor, where he would
kick him brutally. Sometimes .he rushed
him to the door of his cell and hurled him
In with such force that his head ' would
strike the wall. If the boy made an out
cry In his cell the head -nurse would shout.
'Bring me that_.Mrap,' and j one . of the
other nurses would bring a long strap
with a buckle at the end. used In restrain
ing . patients. With this the head nurse
would beat the boy over the back as he
lay on his bed or knelt on the floor. .This
treatment was repeated nearly every day
and sometimes twice. , •
PHOENIX, Dec 30.— Amado Morales, a
drunken Mexican, ran amuck at Morend.
Deputy Constable Kepler attempted • to
arrest him and the Mexican pulled, a re
volver and tried to kill the officer.- The
latter was too quick, however, and killed
Morales. with the first shot.
Constable Kills a Mexican.
SAX JOSE, Dec. 30.— While boring an ar
tesian well at Alum Rock yesterday a flow
of natural gas was encountered at a depth
of 620 feet. A lighted match was applied
and the flame, two -inches In diameter,
burned steadily. The property belongs to
the city.
Gas at Alum Rock.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. SO.— The signal
corps of the Third Brigade, X. G. C, en
joyed a very successful day's work to-day.
A squad, composed of ex-Lieutenant Har
vey, Sergeant Condon ana Corporal Ells
worth went to Auburn, Placer County,
some forty miles distant, and exchanged
pome fifteen or twenty hellographlc mes
sages with a party of signal men stationed
on the dome of the State Capitol in this
city. The air was very clear and the work
of the signal men was perfect and hence
very satisfactory'
Signal Corps at Practice.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. SO.— A' system of
electric roads, operated as feeders for the
Northern Pacific, is one of the enterprises
under consideration for the improvement
of the Yakima Valley. In case the plan is
found feasible after an investigation,
which Eastern capitalists will make next
month. The first step toward its con
struction will be taken early In the new
year. The citizens of Yakima, who have
been interested in the project, believe
that about fifty miles of road could be
made a paying proposition from the start.
Cheap water power is available for gener
ating electricity. Better transportation
facilities are especially necessary for
fruit growers and dairymen.
Electric Roads Projected.
The responses were quick, and In a
short time subscriptions amounting to
$4000 were secured. The Chinese Six Com
panies subscribed $750 of the amount. The
surplus will be used in the event of
shortages.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 30.— The $90,000 debt of
the University of the Pacific has been
raised. At a mass meeting of citizens
held at the Victory Theater to-day.
Bishop J. W. Hamilton presiding. It was
stated that it was necessary to raise $2700
to clear the debt.
Generous Contributions, Chi
nese Giving Liberally.
Call for Subscriptions Results in
UNIVERSITY OF FACIFIC
NOW FREE FROM DEBT
him a Miss.
PETALUMA, Dec. SO.— A wedding of. a
San Franciscan and a popular young lady
of Petaluma took place at Santa Rosa
last week, but was not made public until
to-day. The principals were Edward D.
Warren of San Francisco and Miss
Frankie M. English. Rev. W. O.
Waggener of the Santa Rosa Methodist
Church. South, performed the ceremony.
Mr. Warren and Miss English left Peta
luma last Wednesday afternoon, osten
sibly for a pleasure drive. They drove to
the county seat, procured a license, were
married and returned to Petaluma with
out letting the secret escape. Mrs. War
ren to-day told of her marriage just be
fore she and her husband left on the
northbound train for Uklah, where the
bride's relatives reside.
• /
San Franciscan Wins a Popular Feta-
WED AT SANTA ROSA.
San Francisco Newspaper Man Says. Invalids Are Beaten
and Choked and Allowed to Die Unattended.
'-.;.¦..••-:•¦"••-•¦.••¦¦,-. ¦.--. -¦---: •..-.;; rV-:.U •••>,-v. >: "- " ' * ¦' * •' • ~ ;; f ',;TO;*;
Shipments of Products of Ranch and
Forest Greater Than Ever
Before.
TACOMA. Dec. 30.— Statistics of Wash
ington's progress during last year have
been compiled here, shjowlcg greater ad
vancement than during any previous
year. Rail shipments of lumber com
prised 16,842 cars of lumber and 20,373 cars
of shingles. Cargo shipments of lumber
during the first ten months of the year
aggregated 405,000,000 feet, as compared
with 353.000,000 in 1S99. The'coal mines of
the State shipped during the past year
2,335,200 tons, an Increase of over 400,000
as compared with the previous year. The
salmon pack of Puget Sound canneries
tvas 432.U21 cases, a decrease from ths
previous year, but a great increase over
1S3S. The butter output amounts to 4,500,
000 pounds and it is shown that there are
now 221 creameries in the State, as com
tared with fifty-eight only two years ago.
Washington's wheat production exceeded
2u,000.000 bushels this year for the first
time.
Shipments of fruits were likewise aug
mented, amounting to 2137 carloads of
apples, prunes, peaches and pears, grown
chiefly in Walla Walla, Yaklma and Pa
louse districts. The value of stock in tha
State amounts to $6,542,020.
A similar Increase is shown in the pro
duction of precious metals. The smelters
at Tacoma and Everett have turned out
bullion worth $3,^)0,000 during the year.
YEAB OF PROGRESS
.IN STATE OF WASHINGTON
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 30.— A young man
named Jchn Lewis was drowned in the
river near Courtland yesterday even'ng.
The rewboat In which Lewis and a com
panion wer*» crossing the stream got in
the wake of a passing steamer and was
capsized. The body has not been recov
ered. Lewis has relatives In this city.
Drowned in the Sacramento.
An . interesting watch service will be
held. at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium to-night from 9 to 12
o'clock.'' Several of the city churches will
unite in the service and quite a number
of the pastors will participate in the pro
gramme. A special feature of the even
ing* will be the reading of the message
tq young men of the - twentieth century
from Vice President-elect Roosevelt. This
message will be read by Rev. George C.
Adams; D.D., pastor of the First Congre
gational Church. Mr. Fred B. Smith of
Chicago will preside and close the service
at 1 the ushering in of the new century.
¦ At * the Howard-street Methodist Kpls
copal-church John A. B. Wilson, the pas
tor, will preach his last sermon of the cen
tury .to-night commencing at 10 o'clock.
The singing will be under the direction
of Miss Flora Bollinger. who will also ren
der solos appropriate to the occasion. Re
freshments'will be served.
Watch Meetings.
. KANSAS CITY, Dec. 30.— Bert L. Good
ale, a theatrical man of Los Angeles. Cal.,
died In his room at the Elks' Club last
night of tonsllitls alter a short illness.
The remains will be sent to Kalamazoo.
Mleb.. the home of Goodale's parents, for
burial. , ,-,
Edwin Bradford.
PARIS. ,Ky., Dec. 30.— Edwin Bradford,
a noted breeder of shorthorn cattle, died
here' to-day, aged 57 years.
Bert ~L. Goodale.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— George W. North
rup,- D. D., LL. D.. professor of theology
and head of the department of divinity in
the divinity school of the University of
Chicago, died to-day in his 75th year. His
health had been failing for a number of
years He was president of the Baptist
Union Theological Seminary for more
than twenty-five years.
George W. Northrup.
, SAN JOSE, Dec. 30.— There was a light
but distinct shock of earthquake at 8:05
o'clock to-night. The general movement
was northeast to southwest; duration one
second. v ¦ : ' '
The Day's Dead
Earthquake at San Jose.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 30.— William Sher
idan, an Iron molder. while under the In
fluence of liquor, took a shot at himself
td-nlght In his home, but the bullet only
grazed his cheek. He lays his trouble
on his wife and grown son. who. he says,
are against him, but they say he had
been abusing them all evening. He was
locked up for safekeeping.
Attempts to End His Life.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 30.— Matt *Burts.
sentenced. to the penitentiary for train
robbery, made a desperate attempt to
escape at Yuma on Friday. He had just
been brought from Tombstone and was at
a lunch counter guarded by deputies. He
was handcuffed with Sid Page, a murder
er. , Seizing an opportunity Burts attacked
Deputy Rlchey, and pulling Page along he
tried to secure Rlchey's gun and a hard
fight .ensued. Deputy White mixed in the
scuffle and Burts grabbed his gun and was
about , to use it when •¦ another guard
grasped his arm. The convicts were then
quickly overpowered. :-• yi- - -r -
Sheriff's Deputies Have Desperate
Encounter at Yuma.
BATTLE WITH CONVICTS.
NEW .YORK, Dec. 30.— To the Ed
itor of The Call: The experiment
of an outsider editing a paper for
a day or a ¦ week to show
how it ought to be done has
been tried already more than once,
but never with much success.
What Mr. Harmsworth proposes
to do is different and more prom
ising. He knows the business and
has himself "achieved quick and
remarkable success .in It In. the
greatest city of the* world. When
he undertakes to- show how he
thfhks a paper, ought to be edited
in the greatest city of the new
world there is no American editor
wiir not recognize .the weight to
which his opinions. are entitled and
tegard with Interest what he does.
If his familiarity "with" local con
ditions were only equal to his
knowledge of newspaper work in
general,, .the present experiment
could not fail to ; prove most in
structive. : • . _..¦»<-•
WHITELAW REID.
ALL EDITORS ARE
INTERESTED, SAYS
WHITELAW REID
Alfred Harmsworth Is the owner of
thirty English periodicals in addition to
the London Dally Mail. Two months ago
it wa3 said he was negotiating for the
London Times. He becan as, office boy
on Tid-Bits twenty years ago, _wlth a
salary of 10 shillings per. week. In two
years he became the editor of a weekly
run in conjunction with the Illustrated
London News. In seven years he had
saved $7000, and with that sum started
his first weekly. Answers. He was joined
by his brothers; and- one by one he has
added to his publications until their com
bined circulation has reaclKid the toial of
15,000,000 copies a week. .¦ Among them is
Harmsworth Magazine. ' which alone has
a circulation of 1.000,000. His great suc
cess is due to the introduction' of Ameri
can methods into his publications. . Mr.
Harmsworth Is the son of a lawyer. H«
is 34 years old,, and in twenty years -has
made $20,000,000 out of his publications. ;
Instructions were given to the editorial
staff on Saturday night that the experi
ment was to be tried and the young Eng
lisn newspaper man will find a kindly dis
posed staff. They will also be fair to look
upon, for It was decided at a meeting of
the office force— the various editors, codv
readers and executives— that they should
appear in all the gladness of: their even
ing clothes in order to add splendor to the
occasion.
lar sixteen-page section of the paper will
appear, therefore, as a thirty-two page
paper.
TELLS OF HORRIBLE BRUTALITY
TO BELLEVUE HOSPITAL PATIENTS
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Editor Al
fred C. Harmsworth, who has
caused a distinct alteration o*
newspaper methods In England,
is a young man possessing the
courage of his convictions. He has writ -
ten articles and. authorized Interviews
giving his views of the proprieties in j
newspaper making and to-morrow he will
give a practical expression to his bellel3.
i Editor Pulitzer of the World, who re
; turned from Europe en the same ship
\ with Editor Harmsworth, will turn over
to the latter full control of his great
newspaper plant,- from, press sub-cellar to
the obituary department In the gilded
dome, and Mr. Harmsworth will be. ths
genius of Tuesday morning's World. He
has full license to cut, kill, adapt and dis
pense with. Tuesday's World will, there
fore, be such a newspaper as Mr. Harms
worth would prin-t If he were In business
•In New York. It will be a decidedly Inter
esting experiment for ail newspaper men
as well as for the public.
The paper will have an unfamiliar look,
as the first order which Mr. Harmsworth
Issued in connection with his work was*
the changing of the apparent size of the
paper. The sheet will be folded across
the middle, making each page one-half the
size of the present pages, and containing
four columns instead of eight. The regu-
NEW YOEK, Dec. 30.— To
the ¦ Headers of The Call: I
have come to the United States
to exchange ideas of journal
ism, to learn and to suggest.
The editor of the New York
World has given me complete
control of his magnificent or
ganization for twenty -four
hours, and though the time is
but brief and I only reached
this country on Thursday last,
I shall appeal on Tuesday to
the fair play and intellectual
discrimination for -which
Americans are noted the world
over. I feel confident that my
system of portable, pocketable,
logically arranged journalism
will meet with careful consid
eration, and that from the in
vitation I shall make on Tues
day to the American people to
offer suggestions as to what is
wanted in newspapers of the
twentieth csntury, I shall re
ceive valuable advice.
AT f TH.TVn HARMSWOBTH.
GREETING OF
HARMSWORTH
TO THE WEST
Alfred Harmsworth of the Daily Mail/ to lest: His Journalistic
Skill on New Year's' Edition of a M'€y/, York Publication.
-SEATTLE, Dec. 30.— Automobiles are to
be run between Dawson and Grand Forks.
The Dawsoni News of 'December 7 says
that the service will be Inaugurated about
January 7 unless something .unexpected
happens to upset the plans of the pro
moters of the novel scheme.
j| The' machines were being brought In on
sleds, and on December 7 were somewhere
on the trail between Dawson and Selkirk.
They were in "knock down" condition, but
two experienced men from the factory are
already in' Dawson, waiting to set them
up. and put them in operation. The auto
mobiles were started down the river on
the steamer El Dorado, but as she was
unable to get through. It was necessary to
adopt other means to finish the Journey.
• Other automobiles for the Dawson-
White Horse run have been ordered, ac
cording to the statement- of E. H. Clear,
manager of the company, which is known
as the Dawson Transportation Company.
Outside capital is backing the scheme. Mr.
Clear declined to affirm or deny that the
Rockefellers were connected with the en
terprise. • • •
At first the route will be confined to
Grand 1 Forks. Eventually it will be ex
tended to Hunker Creek. If practicable,
service will be given the year around. The
machines running to the creeks will carry
only passengers and light parcels.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Manager Clear Declines to Affirm or
Deny the Statement That the
'.' ' ~- Eockef ellers Are In-
terested.
MacMnes Are Now En
Route ani Soon Will
; •'.;¦ Be in Operation.
DAWSON -GRAND FORKS LINE
AUTOMOBILES
TO BE RUN TO
THE KLONDIKE
TACOMA. Dec. 30.— Korean advices re
ceived to-day via Vokohama. state it has
become known at Seoul that the Korean
Emperor is a partner with Leigh Hunt of
New York in his ownership of gold mines
at Usang, Korea.- Mr.. Hunt was the first
foreigner to obtain mining concessions in
Corea. He went there eight years ago
and obtained an audience with the Empe
ror himself before getting all he wanted.
The scruples of the Government were
overcome by transferring a- portion of the
capital stock to the Imperial household,
which is receiving a share of the month
ly profits. Mr. Hunt also went to China
with the object of securing an Important
railroad concession there. At his solicita
tion rich "New York men, including ex-
President Oakes of the Northern Pacific
Railroad. Invested money in the scheme.
Mr. Hunt decided later- that the railroad
was not -then practicable and returned all
their money.
Symptoms cf unrest continue in Korea.
There have been anti-Christian riots in
the neighborhood of Pyongyang. The
present situation has caused much uneas
iness at the United States Legation at
Seoul, as the missionaries in Pyongyang
consist chiefly of Americans. Representa
tives of the United States have made a
strong appeal to the Korean Government
and detachments of troops have been sent
out.
A sensation has been caused in Japan
by the arrest of Captain Nimura and a
bank clerk on the charge, of divulging
military secrets to Germany. It is stated
that Nimura caused an accurate copy to
be made of a map showing the whole
district occupied by the First Division
of the Japanese army, together with de
tails of its organization. This map was
j turned over to the bank clerk, who em
ployed a man in Yokohama to sell It to
I the German officer for a large sum. The
j p.ot was discovered before its consumma
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Present Situation^ Causes Much. Un
easiness, as the Missionaries En
dangered Are Chiefly
Americans.
MANY ANTI - CHRISTIAN RIOTS
KING OF KOREA
IS A PARTNER
OF LEIGH HUNT
Identified With Americans
I in Developing Usang
Mines.
ON EXHIBITION AT VANCOUVER
measures twenty Inches in circumference
at its thickest part. It 'was captured on
Saturday in the lake in front of Nelson
by Frank P. Graves, a prominent mer
chant, and his son, who were out fishing
in a row boat. They hooked the sea snake
and the way he made tho water foam
around the boat showed his tremendous
power. They tried to pull him in. but he
turned the tables on the two men and
they were nearly thrown out of the boat.
The serpent threw several feet of his
length over the boat and snapped at the
frightened fishermen with the vidousness
of. a mad dog. A tug finally came to
the assistance of the fishermen and tha
big serpent was lassoed and towed Into
town. Now he is on exhibition in a bis
vat of water. His Jaws are very power
ful, and he snaps a cane In two as if
it were a toothpick. No one has yet at
tempted to classify the big snake accord
ing to scientific formula. He is the first
one of the kind seen in this section. Hl»
head Is flat, like a black snake, and about
five infches across, and has the general
appearance of a wolfs face. •
Two small horns at the top on either
side give the expression of the snake's
face a particularly ugly appearance, and
the set of the mbuth is hideous.- The
mouth extends from the bases of th«
horns\ind Is seven Inches around. Thera
are more than forty teeth. Those of th»
lower jaw are twice as long as the teeth
of the upper. They are set far out and
are sharp and powerful. The exhibit is
attracting much attention.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 30.— A sea
serpent of large dimensions has been cap
tured alive in Kootenay Lake. The big
snake is more than ten feet long and
Length is About Ten Feet and tna
- Snake Has a Wolfish Face
Surmounted by Two
Horns.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Fisbers Capture Advertising
Agent ol Seaside
. Resorts.
SEA SERPENT
IS AT LAST IN
DURANCE VILE
LONDON EDITOR WILL ATTEMPT
TO PRODUCE IDEAL TWENTIETH
CENTURY NEWSPAPER IN AMERICA
Cupid is gaining in the Yukon country.
All marriage and birth records were
broken during the month of Xovember.
Five native born Klondlkers were official
ly registered, and strange to say four of
the little human nuggets were girls. The
cne boy born lived but a short time.
The deaths in the Yukon territory for
November numbered thirteen, nearly
three times the births, but this is not con
sidered discouraging In view of . the fact
ihat after the discovery of the 'Klondike
many months passed before there was
•¦ven one birth. Twenty-three weddings
«fre recorded in sixty days.
I»ve fof another man's wife caused
Karl W. Schlecht, an employe of the Ames
Mercantile Company at Dawson. to*at
tempt suicide on the evening of December
. Physicians were called in time to save
tbe despondent man's life. He was ar-
I'sted and will be tried under the law
which prescribe-* a penalty of two years*
imprisonment for attempted pelf destruc
tion. Schlecht is a Philadelphian and has
a wife and children In hi? native home. He
left several letter?, which 'proved conclu
sively that he had carefully planned to
? r,d his existence. A hopeless love was
¦t the bottom of It. In one of his letters
}>¦ that he was in love with another
man's wife. The official? havp the letter
sir.d have carefully concealed the name of
thp woman implicated.
U. Pilgrim, a Cheechaco Hill mine owner
in the Klondike, was killed on December <5
rrh'.le worKing on his property. The earth
t.t the wall fell on him while he was dig>
pir.g. and he»was burled. Captain Rut
lidge went to Cheechaco Hill to hold an
inquest. Full particulars of the accident
had nnt been learned when the mall left
v.ith the news of the accident.
According to advices from Dawson
* placer strike was reported on December
7 on the left limit of French Gulch, one
pan running $126. while an averacre run of
t he p» v streak was obtained running from
51 to tt DO to the pan.
Steve Helgaf. a gambler, committed
suicide in the Gold Hill Hotel on Grand
Forks on December 6 by morphine.
as sureties. \ -
Buetau is favored by the Yukon Pio
neers, to which order the deceased be
longed. The alleged value of the estate
&s represented In both applications is less
than popularly supposed, as McDonald ;
owa^d an Interest in No. 2 below Dis- ;
covery on Bonanza Creek and a half in
terest in a large amount of mining ma
chinery.
McDonald went to the Yukon Valley
fourteen years ago and was known from
one end of it to the other. He was very
popular. He first located at Forty-Mile
• :> t.k In the days when there were very
few men in the long and desolate valley.
Next he went to Circle City, where he
l-evame prominent in all local affairs. In
ZK>7. when the Klondike boom set the
vorld wild with excitement, he was there
among the tirst.
Dawson soubrettes are happy once
more, and the popping of corks is heard
in the variety theaters. The new police
regulations do not allow an actress to ask
any one to purchase wine for her at $13 a
bottle, but she has found a way to pet
e round this seemingly unsurmountable
obstacle.
The Dawson News says that the "fair
percentage rustlers have a way of using
their eyes which will draw the last two
bit piece from an anchorite, and many a
small bottle is tapped as of yore."
Managers of the Dawson variety
theaters say that the rule refusing to al
low them to accept gold dust or checks
for drinks had in boxes is the best thing
that ever happened to them.
There is come complaint over the rule
that any employe must be Immediately
discharged on complaint of the police.
Montague Martin, the well-known brush
and elocutionary artist, died at the Good
Samaritan Hospital in Dawson December
S after a week's illness from typhoid
fever.
Oxford, England, was the birthplace of
Montague Martin. He was bora thirty
two years ago and never married. Mar
tin had the soul of an artist and perhaps
would have made himself more felt In the
world of culture along those lines had he
but lived. He was clever in sketching
and with pencil and oils and a gritted
clocutionlst-
Montajrue Martin came to the Klondike
by the Sticklne and Teslln routes. He
went up the Stickine In # 9S and got as far
as Glenora, stayed there through the win
ter and helped to bring the mail through
to Atlin. He made a return trip to Glen
ora and then back to Atlin, crossed the di
vide to the Hootalinqua River and de
scended the stream to the Yukon and on
down to Dawson in 1S33.
The Arctic Brotherhood committee has
called a meeting of the Dawson camp to
make preparations for the funeral of Mar
tin.
only J2000 and filed a bond of J4000, with
Tom Chisholxn and Charles P. llcLeod
a bond for $30,000, with Tom O'Brien and
Christ Sonnickson as sureties. Colla
McDonald, alleges the estate to be worth
property to be worth $15,000. He tendered
neer miner, who died at Davson Kovem
ber 26, are engaged with a partner of the
dead man in a contest for letters of ad
ministration. McDonald's mother, two
sisters and a brother live in San Fran
cisco now, Frank Buteau. who Is op
posing the heirs In their efforts to have
Cclin McDonald, a brother-in-law of the
deceased, appointed, was a partner of
McDonald's and claims to be a creditor
of the estate.
Buteau in his application alleges the
SEATTLE, Dec. 20.— The San Francisco
heirs of Peter McDonald, a Yukon pio-
Yukon Country Are Broken
During Month, of Ko
veraber.
?pedsj Dispatch to The CaU
CUPID'S VICTORIES IN THE NORTH
All Marriage and Birth Records in
San FraScisco Heirs of
Klondike Pioneer Are
Dissatisfied.
CONTEST OVER
THE ESTATE OF
PETER McDONALD
xi±ts SAK FRANCISCO CAJjL,; MON^Y, ' DECEMBER 31, 1900 r
ALFRED HARMSWORTH, EDITOR ANT> PROPRIETOR OF THE LON
DON DAILY MAIL, WHO WILL HAVE CHARGE OF THE NEW YORK
WORLD FOR A SINGLE DAY. . . . •
3
DR.MEYEftS&CO.
Specialists. Disease*
and weakness of
men. Established
1SS1. Consultation
and " private book
free, at office or by
mail. ¦ Cures guar-
anteed. 7111. Mar-
ket-street (elevator
visit OR- JORDAN'S 3*rAT
HOSEUH OF AftflTOHY
• Q| USHU2ZS? ST. tft. &*?!*, S.f.Cal. ,
' K|r The Latest Anatomical Mosetsn in tbe
- ~W V.'ortd. Vi e*Jtae»«» e» xrf eantneted ;
fgfQTl specali-tcntbt Cout Eii^r*™-
ft&ivi rau'caajw-PsrwTE diseases
3 f?fi& 0 t-o MoKattca free ar.d strktfy prfrtte
I x£5?3 Tnitment ptrsoiaNy pt by letter. A
fl <y >» a /mlIm CW«tne»«rjCM9oadertaiie«.
R if lllr. Wrt. far Book. *H»1-O«©r»w«*
i' If IJT alASBIACB, HM1U9 '2XB. 1A
7} Jl ' valuable booh for wnj
1 j>b. xo«Ei A*? A CO.. IK,' Market St.. 6. F.
ADTTEB.TISX3O27TS.
$!.!§
10 Third St.. San Francisco.
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD ST. San Francisco.
HORNS GIVE** FREE WITH
EVERY PURCHASE OF
SHOES.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
VOTICE.— Tht.i store will close at «
p " in on and after January 1. 19C1. and
Will continue to close at that hour.
PROVIDED ALI> OTHER SHOE
FIRMS WILL DO THE SAME. Our
customers will please remember the
above and not feel disappointed i: they
and our store closed evenings.
rUere Is your chance— LADIES* PAT-
ENT LEATHER OXFORD TIES, new
coin toes and tlss. turned miles and
standard French heels. Reduced to
.<! .!>r». Regular price J3.CD. All widths
and sizes. >
SI.S5
! We have some beautiful QCIX.TED
S\TXN JTJTJETS for ladles ca band. In
Red Black and Old Gold, all fleece
lined and trimmed wlt£- Alaska Seal
Fur. The regular price; was 12.00. but
we OTerbought our stocS. and to clear
them out wl!l sell them at ?1-15 *
pair.
THEY MUST
BE SOLD.
We Overbought.
KADWAT'S RKADY KULIE1C ha» stood
unrivaled before the public for 5a yeara asi
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and qutcklv
cure* all Cclds. Sore Throats. Influenza Brc-i-
chitte. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache, Toothache and all pain, intern*::/
for ilalaria and all Bowel Palaj. All drtJEzUt*
; -,\ fresh- Impression of the Immensity of
London— that U*.tle - world 'by Itself— U
gained * from ¦ the statement that In 1SS)
the killed « and wounded In the London
streets ¦ numbered 3891. . of whom 207 were
killed ; outright." No battle In. the South
African -War can "show- so' large a total
of ) losses as : thin list of casualties in the
streets of. peaceful London,
entrance*.
Francisco.
SanThe discussion as to when a century begins will
now go over as unfinished business, to be taken up
again in 1999. Until that time we can rest.
San Francisco is about the only city of importance
in the country that has made no preparations for a
k-rand celebration of the beginning of a new century
but after all we may have as good a time and as big
an uproar as »ny of them.
San Francisco is famous for the manner in which
has pa«sed nights chosen by her as incidents of
-ignal interest in her history, but it is safe to say that
she will mark the death of one century and honor
:he birth of another in a way which in its extravagant
enthusiasm will surprise herself.
It is doubtful if any General had better luck in war
than Lord Roberts. He was not sent to the Trans
vaal until Buller had done all the preliminary wo«-k
?r\<] found out how the war should be carried on, and
now he is permitted to gp home and leave to Kitch
ener the disagreeable duty of cleaning up.
j Now' of course it is known to the people of every
j part of. the United States except those of New York
City that a sheep has nohairjand therefore in trying
,, to' raise hair from a. sheep it is necessary to take the
i skin itself. Wall street docs that with i the lamb whj
.ventures to graze in its pastures.
I That Christmas song, of the brokers, that, exulta
1 t:on of bull* and bears, comes as a suggestive ditty to
WALL street as a rule teaches by 'example more
than by precept; and by experience more than
by example. In the great school which it keeps
open for all venturesome comers,. the lessons are cost
ly and each has to learn them for himself and profit
by them as best he c?.n. It is therefore a matter" of
passing interest to note that much of the moral of
all Wall street instruction has been embodied in a 1
song and was sung with hilarity by the brokers at
the Christmas eve jinks in the Stock Exchange. The
chorus of the song runs thus:
Here's to the bull and the bear;
May each one #et his share,
, But as for the lamb
-We don't care a , ¦>
We'll akin him out of his hair, 0 hair*
. "WeMl skin him out of his hair!
A SONG WITH A MORAL.
A recent dispatch from, Europe described the finan
cial situation in .Germany; as being "black in the
face," so it' would- seem to. be a good time for the
Kaiser to get in and paint it red. •
California expects her Legislature to startthe new
century by setting an example of straigh't politics and
good government, but j there may be some disappoint
ments ahead. V.v^V'A ¦'¦". "
When Congress comes to enact the ne.w apportion
ment bill our delegation should remind the House
that California expects an additional Congressman by
way of marking, the, difference between the old cen
tury and the new. Y:- .
Morocco has .paid, the indemnity which we de
manded of her. Thi?»appears to be one of the inci
dents in which the study of history is good for v a na
tion. We had a little discussion with Morocco once
before, and' her existing governing spirits probably
were taught to rem-mber that we meant then what
we said and we have not changed in temperament.
The only defense that has been, made of the out
rage and brutality of West Point hazing is that it was
a "measure of • correction." Somebody powerful
enough and *;lose enough' in the confidence/of the
President ought to cany that measure to the comple
tion, where the other students of the academy would
be . taught that the trade in which they are being
educated by the Government is not one of crime.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
DEALERS'- IN. COINS— E. R. P.. . En
cinal, Cal. If this correspondent will send
a self addressed and stamped envelope
the addresses of dealers in old coins will
be forwarded. This department does not
advertise such. .
SOLDIERS' LAND QLAIM-T. R., Sac
f^mento. No provision has been made
with regard to land to soldiers who served
in the 9panish-Am*erican war. as was done
with those soldiers who served In the war
of the Rebellion.
SHELLESS EGGS— J. L., Lorln, Cal.
When 'hens lay eggs without shells it is
a result of a lack of a sufficient supply
of lime and an excess of 'soft and animal
food. The remedy is to give the hens
powdered oyster shells, powdered egg
shells, ' plenty of small gravel and old
plastering broken up into small bits.
ADMIRAL-*C; R. " W., Del Rey, Cal.
The grade of admiral In the United States
Navy Is specially created. . Those '¦ who
have, held that grade prior to Admiral
George Dewey were Farragut, who was
commissioned in 18C6, and then Porter,
who was commissioned upon the death of
Faragut In 1&70. On tbe death of Admiral
Porter in 1S91 the grade became extinct
and was not ; revived until Congress con
ferred It on Dewey. .
TABLE ETIQUETTE— Table Talk. Car
son City, New The serving , of salad at
a. dinner la a^matter' of taste with th<»
hostess. Asa rule thp Americans serve
salad either immediately before or after
the soup, as an appetiser. '.The Frencn
serve the salad with the roast . to settle
the dinner. "
Everything that 1* taken as food Is as
a rule eaten. Bouillon is a clarified soup,
and whether_.one eats .• or. drinks bouillon
depends upon the manner -of -serving the'
tame. If served in cups it ; Is proper ¦ to
say that it is drinking soup, if served. tn
an ordinary soup plate and carried to the
mouth by means of a spoon it Ja proper
to say. that It' is eating soup. ..Generally
speaking. 'when other soups are In ques-^
tfon, Jt is proper to say "eat soup." In
France bouillon Is i always served at "din
ner. ;If served, at a luncheon it^should
be served in cups... Soup should be eaten
from ¦: the -side , of 'the > sooon. ¦¦• -
The proper way to handle a dinner knife
at table is to, grasp the handle In the
palm of the hand, close the third, fourth
and little finger .: over it. '.rest the Index
finger, on -the. back- of the. blade and .use
the thumb t« steady, the blade.:
ONCE more we remind our readers *of th<*
"watch meeting" to be held by the Ameri
can National Red • Cross this evening at
Golden Gate Hall, on Sutter street. Arrangements
have been made by the society for similar meetings
in upward of fifteen thousand cities, towns* and vil
lages in the United States, consequently those whvj
attend will be in sympathetic touch with the grandest
of all demonstrations made in welcome of the twen
tieth century. ,
The meetings are to be held for the purpose of
obtaining contributions to the funds of the society
As has been pointed out, the Red Cross societies in
other countries have received endowments from vari
ous sources which supply them with means for prompt
action whenever an emergency calls for it. The
American National Red Cross has no such endow
ment. When in peace or in war a call is made upon
it in the cause of humanity, to which it is devoted,
funds have first to be raised before help can be given
So long as that condition of affairs lasts the Red
Cross of the -United States will be less fitted than
that of Europe to perform its charitable and humane
work. It is right and fitting that the beginning of
the new century should be marked in this country by
such liberal contributions to the Red Cross fund as
will enable it. to act as swiftly as the emergency de
mands, and to follow with h«lp immediately upon the
occurrence of disaster. Bear the meeting in mind,
and be among those-who watch the old year out an.i
the new century in at Golden Gate Hall under the
banner of the Red Cross and in sympathy with its
work and its aspirations.
RED CROSS WATCH MEETING.
For a long time past there have been forebodings
of financial troubles in Great Britain and also in
Germany. These forecasts have undoubtedly had
some effect in preparing the public mind, and 'Conse
quently the evil of the London failures will not b»
so great as would have been the case had they come
Iiyholly unexpected. The disaster will throw gloom
over London, and will cause some anxiety elsewhere,
but will hardly occasion anything like a general panic.
It. is a cloud that will pass, and does not to any great
extent dim the bright prospects of the new year. '
The fact that Lord Dufferin has been involved in
the failure of the London and Globe Finance Corpora
tion furnishes another illustration of the old saying,
"Call no man fortunate until he is dead." No English
man of his time was more successful and more for
tunate through a long series of years kthan Dufferin.
He is the most distinguished of the living Governors
of Canada and of India, in both of which countries
he is honored for his ability and his service; and
moreover as a diplomatist at Constantinople and at
Paris he attained a reputation as high as that gained
by his service in the colonies. Now in his old age
one evil after another falls upon him, and he has to
face the wreck of his fortune as well as of his happi
ness.
OUR British cousins are having bad times. The
war in South Africa continues to harass
. Britain's. army and her treasury: and now a
great disturbance has taken place in her financial af
fairs, leading to the failure of many firms and seri
ously imperiling others. The coming of the new cen
tury will find London in anything but a joyous moo«i.
BAD TIMES IN BRITAIN
The three Russian torpedo . vessels,
Oslotr. Kepal and Losos, building In
France, will be subjected to unusually se
vere tests.before being accepted, and their
construction involves a great expense, In
that the. frames and hulls are to be of
nickel steel, which Is very difficult of
working. The boats are to steam 26 knots
with 4750 horse-power. The trials include
one of eight hours at 14 knots to ascertain
the coal consumption, after which there Is
to be a six-hour trial at full speed. This ia
to be followed by ar speed trial of 22 knots
during which ithe behavior of the engines
Is : to be carefully noted, and within two
hours of the end of this trial the boat*
are again to make a spin under full speed
for two hours. There Is a penalty of $3Ot'0
for each one-quarter knot less than ?5
and down to 25 knots, at/ which a' penalty
of $3000 : Is Imposed for each one-quarter
knot down to 24 knots, which latter ts the
lowest .limit for 'acceptance. A miscalcu
latloniora break-down may 'thus cost the
The British armored cruiser Cressy. of
12,000 tons, has had her first coal consump
tion trial of thirty hours under one-fifth
power. The ship was down "to her de
signed mean draught of 26 feet 3 inches,
and the engines developed 4731 horse
power, with 208 pounds of steam and 74
revolutions. The speed was 13.89 knots
and the coal consumption 1.87>pounds per
unit of horse-power. Under full power the
engines are to develop 21,000 horse-power
and 21 knots speed. The Cressy Is of the
same class and identical with theAboukir,
Bachante.Euryalus.Hogue and SutleJ.now
in course of construction. They are
sheathed and coppered, and the six new
American, armored cruisers of the Cali
fornia class are improved' copies of the
British type.
The British Navy League calls attention
to the fact that the fighting strength of
Great Britain In China waters is far in
ferior to that of France and Russia com
bined, and only slightly superior to that
of Germany. Of battleships England has
only three against six of . Russia and
France and four of Germany. England
has but three armored cruisers, whereas
Russia and France have six and Germany
one. Of first and second class cruisers
England has nine, Russia and France
eight and Germany six.
The Earl of Selborne. the new first lord
of the British Admiralty, has resigned the
chairmanship of the church defense"com
mittee. He is still, however, one of the
directors of the P. * O. Steam Navigation
Company, which receives' a liberal annual
subsidy from the Admiralty, and there
has been no Intimation of his resigna
tion nor intention of so doing.
Additional frauds in the Japanese navy
are coming to light, three clerks at the
Saheho dockyard and four merchants
having recently been arrested, charged
with embezzlement and collusion. The
frauds appear to be almost general at the
several shore stations, several high rank
officers and a number of clerks being im
plicated at three dockyards.
The British cruiser Europa. of 11.000
tons, which was completed about one year
ago and v has made one cruise only, is to
be reboilered. The Bellville boilers in the
ship have proved worse than useless, and
it has been decided to apply the only rem
edy to cure the defect— the taking out of
her thirty boilers. It Involves an expense
of about $150.0i"i0.
The French armored ships Duperre and
Neptune are to be modernized and receive
new boilers and a change of batteries, at
an estimated cost of $300,000 for each ship.
The Duperre was built in 1S71 at a cost
of $2.SOO.OOO. and the Neptune cost $3,900,000
in 1887. The are both antiquated ships,
and the Neptune has a poor reputation
as to sea-going qualities.
WORLDS NAVAL NEWS.
out at the Presidio on Christmas eve. I'll
admit that we girls worked hard and fully
expected the great success the fete turned
out to be, but I riiust say we were Incap
able of imaglnlng\the joy It was to pre
sent gifts to the boys. I choked up more
than once when I saw those dear fellows,
with their deep-sunken eyes, pale faces
and yellow kid ears, propped' up with pil
lows and comparing presents. I must say
that I never^knew before the splendid
amount of Joy a plain linen pocket hand
kerchief could bring to a lonely heart.
And say. you should have seen those boys
munch candy, not the French mixed va
riety, but the plain "grocery kind": and
you should also hava seen them punish
• • *
M. Lanessau. Minister of Marines, eon
templates certain radical Improvements in
the French navy, the principal of which
in to reorganize the <>ystem of naval con
struction. He contemplates placing that
bureau under the direction of a naval en
gineer and the executive bureau under
civilians. The term naval engineer in th<»
French navy la different from what is im
plied by that title In the American and
British navies, the French engineer belnjf
a naval constructor and marine en*in-»
designer. M. T,anessau's object In making
these changes Is to fix individual respon
sibility and have each department attend
to Its own particular business. Under tha
former arrangement a council of sixteen
officers, sea-going and naval engineers
were wrestling with the preliminary de
signs of new ships, and after determining
the general outline detailed designs were
Invited from the engineers at the five
dockyards. It is not to be wondered at
that so many ships, designed under such
a system, have proven failures, and M.
I-ockroy, the predecessor of M. Lanesaau,
strongly condemned it.
• • • ¦ » •
Mrs. "Willis la home once more, and so,
nf course. Is her niece. India Scott WllUs.
I think Mrs. "Willis Is without exception
the most loyal Callfornlan I know. After
a sojourn of several weeks in New York,
she pot back here Just three days before
Christmas, and then put In a trio of
shopping days such as were never known
before. • Mrs. "Willis thinks lots of her
friends, and she considered that the best
she could do for them on Christmas was
to send them presents purchased right in
this beautiful cltv.
contractors $32,000, which would more than
wipe out the profit on the $300,000 contract.
Icecream. I have not heard anything
from the doctors at the post, but I Imag
ine they had a busy Tuesday.
In San Francisco the century goes out brilliantly.
All kinds of trade report a good movement at profit
able prices, if we except those farm staples which
rre always dull at this time of the year. The export
trade of the port was never better, and the demand
for the northern mining regions and the Orient keeps
the ship* and shippers busy. The domestic distribu
tive trade, too. is active, and the noteworthy develop
ment of the oil fields in different parts of the State
is exercising an indisputable influence on general
business. Money continues plentiful at easy 'rates of
interest and collections have been exceptionally good
t- ver since the Spanish war, now two years and more
in our wake. No complaints are heard from any
quarter of merchandise trade, and our local failure?
are few and generally unimportant. We thus begin
the new year and century in exceptionally good shape,
?nd the weather thus far this season has been such
that there is a general feeling of confidence in the
rtsults of the year 1901.
Wall street, however, as before mentioned, was Hve
i> last week. There was a sharp demand for bonds
and stocks, chiefly for investment, and from this it
was be'ieved that the public had^ again entered the
market as buyers. Continued good bank statement
encouraged the belief that there would be no
stringency in money, and this stimulated speculation.
London bought largely of American securities. The
demand for gilt-edged stocks and bonds for dividends
ha<= heen so keen ever since the election that th«y
have become scarce ?nd buyers are now limited *o
new stocks and second-class bonds. The demand is
still for dividend payers, however.
Business last week was featureless, as was to have
been expected. Thee is never much life to trade
during the closing week or two of the year. There
was nothing new in the staples worthy of remark,
but the feeling is that all ought to do better after the
ti rn of the year. *?'.:/
These figures are gratifying as showing a healthy
condition of spot business, but the record of failures
for 1900 is not as satisfactory. In round numbers
the commercial collapses last year amounted to total
liabilities of $170,000,000. represented by 10,600 fail
ures. In 1899 there were 9393 failures, with liabilities
of $123,132,000. This exhibit shows more failures in
1000 than in 1899, with .$47.ooo,ooo more liabilities.
As the foreign export trade this year has been very
l2rpre and domestic commerce more than good, this
n-arked increase in failures is peculiar. Some ef
fort is being made to explain the inconsistency bn
the ground that there was a boom in 1809 with rising
price?, and a reaction with falling prices in 1000, and
perhaps this view is correct.
THE closing week of the year and of the century
was distinguished by noteworthy activity in
Wall street and an increase of n.g per cent
in the country's bank clearings. New York showed
s gain of 16.2 per cent and Pittsburg one of 11.5
p<r cent, and all the leading cities of the country ex
cept Philadelphia, Baltimore and Minneapolis showed
an increase, something that has not happened fo"
months. The failures were 213, against 220 for the
corresponding week if 1899. *
COMMERCIAL OUTLOOK
(Efre -t^^IssN Call*
MONDAY • .'....DECEMBER 31. 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor.
AUrtct ill Cicmictleitieti tt W. 8. LEABTE, Xtmtgtr.
M4.XAKKK** OFFICE. . »«_«_«« iT^ffPJ*???*-^ 1 -*"- ?9*
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. P.
Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 (• 221 SteTemioa St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered br Currier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Stable Copies. B Cents.
Terms bf Mail. Including: Poitmcet
DATLT CALJ. (InclndtriK Eunday), one year $1.00
DAILY CALL (Inclosing Sunday). 6 montht t.M
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday). X months 1.89
r>AILT CALI^By Elnffle Month «5e
fUNDAT CALL. One T«r 1.60
•WEEKLY CALL* One Tear l.M
AH postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall rubeerthert In ordering rhanr# of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to :asure a prompt and correct compliance wllh their request.
OAKX.ASD OFFICE 7 111S Broad war
C GRORGG KROGCTCSS.
Kictgu Fcnigv Aimtisi&g, Ktrquttti Biiliiaf, CUetft,
iLo&f Distance Telephone "Central :tlf.")
JfEW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
NTW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
»Ti:pnr\ H. SMITH 3O Tribune Bolldlnc
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf-Aftoria Hotel; A. Brentano, XI Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWg STANDS:
p v »t-tt-.«?i Hook; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHUGTO* <D. C.\ OFFICE. . . .14OB G St.. W. W.
MOHTON K. CRA.\B, Correspondent.
BHA5CH OFFICES— <17 Montgomery, comer of Clay, op*™
until »:S» o'clock. tOO Hayes, open ur.tll t.SQ o'clock. 631
McAllister, open ur.tll *:S0 o'clock. €15 Lmrkln. open until
*¦?.* o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2ZC1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, opec until t o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until t o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twer.ty-eecond and Kentucky, open until J o'clock.
John Hays Hammond. Cecil Rhodes'
right hand man, has returned from a
brief trip to Oregon and has put up at
the Palace.
Dr. D. E. Chapman, a 'physician con
nected with the Napa Insane Asylum, la
registered at the Grand. , f-
C. A. 'Peterson, well known In connec
tion with his Pescadero cattle- Interests,
is at the Russ.
C. C. Merrltt, a prominent Insurance
man of Santa Rosa, is staying at the Cal
ifornia.
H. Justy, a capitalist and land-owner of
Stockton, is among yesterday's arrivals at
the Grand.
E. J. Roy. who is Interested In Santa
Barbara real estate, Is stopping at the
Grand. .
George E. Owens, a prosperous oil man
of Los Angeles, and Mrs. Owens' are at the
Russ.
W. H. McCllntoek, an extensive mine
owner of fSonora, is registered at the
Lick. ,-
J. Touhey. a Sacramento merchant, Js
stopping at the Lick.
D. Smith, a physician of Livermore, is
a guest at the California.
E. M. Lion, a wealthy furniture manu
facturer oT San Jose. Is at the palace.
E. E. Manhelm, one of Fresno's best
known merchants, is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
EVERYBODY Is en the tip-tea ef
expectancy concerning the "cen
tury, ball" that is coming, off at
the Jewett home thin evening.
The wide latitude allowed by th»
invltattons-gue«t» to. come In character
representing some fail or fancy of the
old century or some anticipated wrinkle
of the new year— are sure to be productive
of much merriment. I confess lam anx
ious to see how Mrs. Jewett will arrange
ner home for the affair, r She Is nothing If
not original, and I have an Idea that on
this occasion ahe will surpass herself.
Then, again. I am nore than curious xXO
see what she will w*ar.
On Christmas nteht Mm. Jewett gave a
deHehtful little dinner that Must bristled
with new. pretty and effective Ideas. Six
teen people sat down to a table that was
beautiful to behold." with its arrangement
of fruit and holly. As the jruests entered
the dining-room they were showered with
fine white confetti, until they looked as
though they had just come in from a
snowstorm. Another surprise was the
string of dolls dangling from the central
chandelier. One w»nt to each guest, and
with them went a dainty present con
cealed somewhere about the sawdust Im-"
ages.
. • - . • •
A Christmas house party such as you
rpad about In sweU novels Is the kind they
nnd over at "Casa Boyd." the lovely
™untry seat of Mr. , and Mrs. Colin M.
Boyd. at Frultvale. on Christmas day
The Boyds are idealentertalnersy Their
Rnests are always fr»e to follow their own
sweet will. If they so please, or else they
may enjoy the many good things that are
always arranged for their entertainment.
When I tell you that en Tuesday last they
surpassed even their own high standard,
yon may get a faint Idea of their merry
Christmas. I -think there never was such
a Christmas night. First came the good
cheer, then the dances, in which the fea
ture par excellence was the Virginia reel,
and then the fire. The fire was not a
part of ; the programme, but when all the
excitement was over we all concluded that
it- certainly ended a merry day in just
the proper way.
tt was past 1 when the two and hap
py guests bid each other good night. It
was hardly 4 o'clock when dear Mr. Boyd
was roused from his pleasant dreams by
the cry of' "fire!" In less than five min
utes all the members of the household
were rushing through the smoke-nlled
house to the cellar, where a defective
chimney was causing all the mischief.
Each and every one fell to work with
bucket and hose, and danger was speedily
averted. Then all went back to th«
downy beds and took up. the thread of
interrupted dreams.
• • •
We all had just the jolliest kind of a
time at the Ames vaudeville show on
Thursday night. The performance went
off without a single- hitch, and the actors
covered themselves with lasting glory.
Lathrop's little play was a gem— full of
bright, snappy lines and clever situations.
I hear It Is to be done by truly actors,
but I don't believe they will do it one
whit better than did North Ames and
beautiful Norma Preston.
In the midst of all the fun. though.
there was a sweetly sad side to the even-
Ing. We all said "good-by" and "bon
voyage" to Edith and Norma Preston.
They left on Saturday for a trip around
the world, and It will be a few months
before we have them once more with us.
* • • ¦ 1
I never saw anything half as pathetic
as was the soldiers' Christmas festival
That is the record made up by the yellow journal
in dealing with' the first number of Porto Ricans en
gaged to work in Hawaii: and now another company
of Porto Ricans are on their way toward this city.
Surely it will be worth while for the public author
ities, the labor unions and all concerned to see to it
that none of Ihem be stopped in this State to bt
either placed as competitors with our* own workers
or else made charges upon public charity. One fake
of that kind is bad enough. Let us not have another.
After a further exposure of the methods of the yel
low jdurnal. the Coast Advocate goes on to say:
"Many times in the past people who could not afford
to give- five cents without imposing hardships upon
their own. have been cajoled into giving five or
more dollars',' to some protege of the yellow journal:
and concludes by saying: "It is time this'incubus
upon the American journalistic world should be called
down. It is nauseating." . . .• *
Commenting upon the action of the yellow faker,
the Coast Advocate "It created a hullabaloo,
stopped the men and women from going to occupa
tions where they could have earned a comfortable
livelihood, and where they' would doubtless be much
better oft" than in the land they left; and now appeals
to the public in well turned phrases to assume the
care of the unfortunates whom its grasping lust for
trade has thrown helpless and penniless among a
strange people, of whose ways and customs they are
intensely ignorant. • '••-.*.• * _ * If this bpmbastes
furioso in the journalistic field were sincere in its ef
forts for the amelioration of the condition of these
people, why does it not send them back to their own
country, announce the fact that it has done so. and
await the praise that might be bestowed were the
public satisfied that the act arose from a.disinterested
motive?"
Are mild-mannered, strong youn? men, speak only
Spanish and can do plain manual labor. Telegraph an
swer. ¦ . .
Oeorge P. Schaefer. Halfmoon Bay. Cal.: \\Iill you
assist fis In doing a kindness to stranded Porto Rlcans
by giving Immediate employment or a good home for
one of them?
All such considerations were as nothing, to the yel
low journal. .Having made a fake display of philan
thropy by provoking the Porto Ricans to refuse to
go to Hawaii, it then undertook to make another by
providing work for them. The means by which k
sought to do.that without, expense to itself are shown
by the following, telegram' which it sent to the editor
of the Coast Advocate: -
- SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 18.
That little item of news is a matter of some con
cern to the people of California and particularly to
those employed as workers in our farms and orchards.
Not long ago, as will be well remembered, a number
of Porto Ricans engaged for work in Hawaii were
brought across the continent. From the time it was
known they were 'coming, a yellow journal of this
city began working* up a sensation, charging that the
Porto Ricans were being carried into slavery- By
the exercise of its peculiar tactics it managed to in
duce a good many of the number to break their en
gagement to go to Hawaii, and to stop in this State.
They were without money, without skill in our kind*
of labor and could speak only Portp R^can Spanish.
They thus, became competitors with California labor
and were of necessity compelled to accept any wages
offered. Moreover, ns may be clearly. foreseen, they
are likely to become charges upon the charity of the
communities that receive .them.
DISPATCHES from San Juan, Porto Rico, an
nounce that the steamship Arkadia has sailed
from Ponce for New Orleans "having on
board 400 Porto Ricans, sixty-five per cent of whom
are women and children, destined for Hawaii."
MORE PORTO RICANS COMING.
BY SALLY SHARP.
SOCIETY: READY FOR SURPRISES AT
JEWETT BALL
The twentieth century will have very different ideijs
from those which have so intensely influenced human
life during the whole of this one. .It promises to b
much more nearly a Christian century than this. It
is therefore one to which all men and all nations can
look forward with hopefulness.,
- We cannot expect men of future ages to have any
greater respect for our science and art than that which
we have for the beginnings of those things in former
centuries; .it is therefore probable that when seen
from a distance our chief characteristic as an epoch
in history will be our -Napoleonic ideals of individual
success. For the whole century we have been living
under the stimulating influence of that marvelous,
man who showed that by talent, tireless energy and'
dauntless courage a man can attain to leadership and
mastery, and gain for himself all the prizes of life.
That example has been inspiring to thousands, and its
benefits to the world have been large, but its influ
ence of it is already waning. Men are coming to
have less regard for individual glory and more fo"
the general welfare. The spirit that found a stern
joy in strenuous competition is giving way to that
nobler one which finds its joy in co-operation and
helpfulness.
Each of these views of the century is in a measure
accurate. Compared with the past, the nineteenth has
been indeed a century of science, of invention, of in
dustrial and commercial expansion, of material im
provement in the conditions of all classes, of a deepe«
and broader sympathy of man for man. and of an in
creasing liberality of thought and «entiment. These
noble things, however, are not likely to make any
deep impression upon the minds of people of the
clo?e of the twentieth century. Measured by their at-,
tainments our inventions, science, industry, com
merce, social conditions and liberalisms will hardly
appear much better than those of the eighteenth ap
pear to us. The developments of another hundred
years of endeavor are going to make our marvels
show as very little things. It is great, indeed, for man
within a single century to have passed from the days
of comparatively small sailing vessels beating their
way slowly against. th: winds to these days of mighty
ccean steamers that have converted the Atlantic into
a ferry; but what will the noisy steam-driven, machine
racked, laboriously-going, wave-tossed steamship
appear like to a man in the next century, who looks
down upon it from his swift, quiet, aerial flight, far
above the storms, in an airship?
To us it appears as an era of revolution bringing
about such marvelous changes in government, in
dustry, commerce, science, art and war as to have
virtually created a new social organism; a civilization
the like of which was never before seen or heard of.
To one it wilLappear zs distinctively an age of science
with Darwin as its foiemost man; by another it will
be deemed the century, of humanity with Lincoln as
its type;, a third- will look upon it as the age of ma
terial improvement through the combined forces of
commerce and industry, having its greatest men
among those who have compelled steam and electric
ity to serve human needs and make better the con
ditions of all human homes from cottage to palace; a
fourth may regard it as a century of liberalism in re
ligion, politics and society, the age in which the
human mind has well nigh thrown off all the old
shackles and bandages of ignorance, superstition and
caste, and stands forth with something of that intel
lectual freedom necessary to its dignity and its hap
piness.
THE CLOSING CENTURY.
AS great men are never fully understood by those
who see them nearest, so the great human
movements of any particular century can not
be rightly appraised by the people of that century.
In this as in all things else it is necessary to stand at
a distance from an object of much magnitude to be
able to perceive it in perspective and so obtain an ac
curate view of the relations of its parts to one another
and their comparative proportions. That which is im
mediately in front of the eve and is ever present to
the mind naturally appears larger and greater than
that which ts distant and seldom thought of. Conse
quently the nineteenth century seems to us much
larger»and grander than it will to those who look back
upon it from the distance of a hundred years. ~"
the people of the country. This is to be a prosperous
year. There will be much speculation all. around us.
The enticements" of ! Wall street will 5be many. The
safe thing to, do is to keep out of the ring. .Don't
be a lamb. * '/ " ; •";' -
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; DECEMBER 31, 1900.
MRS. ALICE ZISKA JENING, WHO HAS RETIRED FROM SOCIETY AND
IS NOW DEVOTING ALL HER TIME TO THE STUDY OF VOCAL
MUSIC. »
4
A GAY SEASON .li proml**! ; »t Hotel e \
Coronado. Coronado, .Cal.'. , this \ winter I with a
jolly, houseful.- an expert *olf, tournament, meet-
' in» of Held t trials , club. . hunting, ¦ fishing, : boat-
ins, dancinc. etc. SaHH^- "
It is to be used as a food,
whenever their usual- food does
not quite answer the purpose
of food. *
We'll send yon * little to try, If yoa da.
SCOTT & 80WXE, «O9 Pearl urcct. < 3cw Y«l\
And "important** means that,
it keeps them in 'even health.
Whenever they show the least
disturbance of even balance of
health, it promptly restores
them.
FOR CHILDREN
Nothing, that comes in a"
bottle, is more important for
children than Scott's emulsion
of cod-liver oil.
The record for sailing b«lon*s to Uj#
Flying Cloud, ¦which covered 420 rallea In
twenty-four hours, over seventeen mlle«i
an hour.
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery at Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend's California place fruits. 50c ft
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building •
Best eyeglasses, specs. 20c to 80c. Look
out for 81 4th, front barber and a^roeery. •
Time to express Townsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. •
TowT.send's famous broken and plain
mixed candy. 2 lbs 23c 639 Market »tr<»«t-*
Thousands of pounds of California glace
fruits all ready for shipping. Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
New fire-etched boxes at Townsend'*. •
All new stock of candies-at Townsend'K •
Plenty of fruit at Townsend's. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The B«ll« of New York."
Tivo:i-"Ctnderella."
Central Theater— "Th* Heart of Maryiand."
Callfornta— Eflwart Strausa.
Orrt*um- Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-House— "Nell Owyn."
Alharcbra— "Bhenandoan." *
Aleaiar— "Nell Gwynne."
Olynipia. corner Mason aad Eddy etreets^ — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
cember XI.
Jisch-r 1 *— Vauflevllle.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Maaquera.de Ball. Monday evening. De-
cfnaher II.
Metropolitan Temj.!e— Tale Glee and Banjo Clubs. Thursday
wentsts, January X.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Lost on the Desert.
PHOENIX, Dec' 3fl.-W L. Hopkins, one
of ;the ? oldest* residents jof Yuma, is lost
on the desert : near tMes^tite.. There la no
tope of flndins»him alive.
Little May McCanity * of New Tork Ib
eaid to ; be' the- only girl bootblack : In the
countr>'-V She Ihas r her. place * In-: Central
station, and does a jrood business/ mainly
with \womon passengers.
The Southern Paclflc announces an Im
portant change in time to take place* on
New.;; Tear's , day,' which will affect ¦- three
outgoing trains and one Incoming. No. 4,
the overland express through Reno and
Ogden, which now leaves at 8 a. m., will
leave at :7:30, a half-hour, earlier. ;. The
corresponding train ' westward '.will , arrive
at 12:15 p. m.. instead of 2:45. • .
The Oregon express. No. 12. , for Port
land, now leaving at 7 a. m.,- will leave at
8:30, -a. m.,> and the local train for:Napa,
Santa Rosa and Ramon will leave at 8 a.
m. instead of 7:30. ,
Important Changes for New Year's
NEW TEAIN DEP AUnniES.
Mns. Emma A. Young, an elderly woman
living at 1410 California street, was
brought to the Receiving Hospital last
night, suffering from asphyxiation by gas.
When tbe ambulance from the. hospital
reached the house the woman was found
on the back porch of the dwelling, par
tially disrobed. Neighbors, police officers
and a doctor called from the neighborhood
were trying to resuscitate her. Their ef
forts will probably asRifi in causing her
death. Heroic treatment had to be re
ported to at the Receiving Hospital by Dr.
Dray in order to bring her Into anything
like a proper condition for treatment.
' Mrs. Young wa* found in the bathroom
of the residence, a portion of which Is oc
cupied by the woman and her husband,
when the latter returned about 9 o'clock
from & brief outing. The odor of gas per
meated the house and waa traced to the
bathroom. When the door waa forced
open the woman was found lying on the
floor In an unconscious condition.
William Young, who owns a number of
ranches In the vicinity of Sacramento,
came to : this city with his wife about
three weeks agro and they have since been
residing on California street Young
clnims to be unable to advance any theory
regarding what had " befallen- his wife,
whether it was by accident ex fleslgn. ,
Neighbors and Policemen Try to Re-
vive Hex, With Nearly Fatal
Results.
AGED MBS. YOUNG FOUND
ASPHYXIATED BY GAS
The members of the association showed
their reluctance to part with the services
o. President Hirsch and he was unani
mously re-elected for the ensuing- year.
The t following named gentlemen were
selected to serve on the board of trustees:
8. W. Heller, vice president: Albert Mey
er, treasurer; Meyer H. Levy, eecretary
(re-elected); A. < Anspacher, S.-W.'-'Ro
senstock, ' Juda Newman, Slgr- Schwa
bacher, Henry Sinehoimer and Herman.
Levy. ¦ -"¦'¦-¦ ¦ * ¦ - - ¦
• Secretary Levy presented his annual re
fiort, the chief items of which are as fol
ows: Receipts for general , fund, $27.
723 05: disbursements for genera, fund.
$40,909 31. including building, account, $18.
194 96. The capital account of the general
fund now stands at $19,413 60, being a re
duction of $13,491 15. Receipts for widow
and orphan fund, $8666 52: disbursements
for widow and orphan fund. $6345 36. Capi
tal account of widow and orphan fund
increased from $135,834 26 to* $138,128 27.
Net loss to the association .during the
year, $11,247 26.' Net Iosb of. membership.
37. Total of membe-rship. 772. Number of
cases treated. 2380. *~"auses of distress —
Out of employment, 438: insufficient earn
ings, 607; sickness, 712; old are, 620; deser
tion of husband, 5. Number of free inter
ments," 40. .
The meeting dosed with a. hearty vote
of thanks "tendered by the members to
the officers of the association.
lsh board of relief in this city so that
the now independent charitable organi
zations might worH as a combined body.
This- plan worked most advantageously
wherever tried. The president closed an
interesting: address with, thanks to tho
various business firms and professional
men who had in the past year aided" th-}
association in its work'and said that
while appreciating the honor of beln^
elected three times to office he desired
that another succeed him as president.
President Charles Hirsch was In the
chair and the large room of the headquar
ters was well filled,* . many. I prominent
Jewish citizens being present) v-
President Hirsch, In addressing the
meeting, said that It was a matter of con
gratulation that the association assem
bled In so noble an edifice to celebrate
fifty years of charitable' work. He dep
recated the falling off In membership and
income of the association and urged that
radical steps be taken to* remedy the loss.
The wealthier members of the community
could more readily respond to the needs
of the association' than they have been dy
ing, said the president, and he advocated
a change In the law by which rich and
poor ' members alike paid the same dues.
If the work of. caring for the sick and
distressed of . the JewSah community waa
to be carried on those able to aid finan
cially rrftist more readily help the cause,
the president- said, and. he suggested tho
formation of a committee • whose .duties
It shall be to secure a list of subscribers.
Although the revival of Industrial condi
tions was most pronounced there had not
been a corresponding decrease in the ap
plications for aid duriQgr the • year > last
past. The National Conference of Jew
ish Charities had been permanently or
ganized and during the year Secretary
M. H. Levy had attended the convention
held in Chicago last Juno. One of ..the
great benefits of that oiganiration was to
nut a stop to the pernicious system of
traveling "schnorrers." or mendicants.
The co-operation with kindred f associa- t
tions in the East would prove most, bene
flcial. As a result of th<- convention ¦ the
president urged the formation of a Jew-
The fiftieth anniversary of the founding
of the Eureka Benevolent Association was
practically celebrated yesterday, morning
when the members of the association held
the first annual meeting in the handsom.j
new : Quarters recently ' erected at 43B
O'Farrell street.
Eureka Benevolent Associa
tion Celebrates Its Semi
centennial.
FIFTY YEARS OF
JEWISH CHARITY
The familiar scenes of "Shenandoah, '
with more soldiers, more burning powder,
more horses and more thrills than ever
before, are being played at the Alhambra.
It always was a noisy play, both before
and behind the footlights, but all the
noise Is of the patriotic kind and there
are hundreds of thousands who have been
the better for the sentiment that "Shenan
doah" gives. There was a good audience
last evening to cheer the tattered flag, to
laugh at Sergeant Barkers quaint humor
and to weep for the generals son as he
dictates his last message, and there was
no lack of each .sentiment as the piece
progressed. , ' . .
The play is well cast and well acted.
The ladies are particularly good, the Ger
trude Elllngham of Estella Dale and the
Jenny Buckthorn of Julia Batchelder be
ing parts that fitted well and received
merited applause. F. Rollestoo was Ker
chival West, a good character well taken.
The great scene of the play, the battle
• • •
A SPECIAL matinee w^ll be plven
at the Tivo'.i Opera-house of the
successful holiday spectacle "Cin
derella." which will continue to
be the bill /or the coming week.
The extravaganza is strictly up-to-date,
new Kongs and dance?* bein* continually
Introduced.
With the sisters Lola and. Xellie Haw
thorne and the first appearance in San
Francisco of William Cahill T>avis, the
An engagement of especial Interest at
the Alcazar Theater will be that of Flor
ence Roberts, beginning next Wednesday
evening. Miss Roberts will bring out an
arrangement of the. latest Ix>ndon and
New York rape. -"Nell Gwynne," written
for her by Miss Charlotte Thompson, a
local dramatist. "Naughty Anthony" will
continue to be the . bill until Tuesday
evening and also for the New Year's mai-
Inee.
" At the new Central Theater "The Heart
of. Maryland" still holds sway, and is
drawing excellent houses. A special mat
inee is announced for New Year's day,
and the performance is good for another
week's run, if not more.
and retreat, ending with Sheridan's ride,
is put on at the Alhambra better than
ever before In this city. There are more
men: for one thing, and more horses for
another, and by some superhuman effort
on the part of the stage manager the men
have been well drilled and the horses have
been well trained, and the battle Is the
closest thing to red war that has> appeared
here. . •
"Shenandoah" will run for one week
only, i
A trombone quartet composed of Messrs.
Colverd, Hobbs, Delany and Newman
rendered several numbers. Samuel Davis,
secretary of the Musicians' Union, mada
a few remarks, in eulogy of the deceased.
He • was ; followed ¦; by- Walter Macaxthur.
editor of the Coast Seamen's Journal, who
gave , a short ¦ address. A band of ten
pieces rendered a number and Mr. Pierce,
a traveling-, delegate from Boston, made
a few remarks. - • . ¦ _ .
The' funeral parade formed In front of
Union* Square Hall, with the union band
at Its head. A hundred and fifty musi
cians composed the band, and as the pa
rade moved along Powell street Chopin's
Funeral • March waa -played. Represen
tatives of various labor, unions to the
number of probably 400 the band
participated In the parade, 0 which moved
along Powell to Market street and thence
out" to Golden Gate avenue. .where it was
disbanded.' J. - Wenzel was - marshal of
the ; procession." .Thj- ; officers of the Mu
plcians' Union and members of the Labor
Council accompanied, the body to It* last
resting place : in > Laurel Cemetery:
* The funeral of Kdward I*. Clapp, lat©
president of the San Francisco Labor
Council, was held from the rooms of tha
Musicians' Union In Union Sqaare Hall
yesterday at 10:30 o'clock. It was attend
ed by a'laxge number of , representatives
.of the various labor unions and the char
acter of the music rendered made the cer
emony a notable one.'
Deceased was a ' member of the Musi
cians' Mutual Protective Union No. 6 and
was Its delegate to ; the Labor Council,
of which he was president. Members of
the union \ honored their friend's memory
by the rendition of choicest music,-
Memory of Deceased
Labor Leader. '
Musicians Pay Tribute to
MONSTER BAND
LEADS PARADE
On Thursday afternoon next the first
I concert by the Yale University Glee and
I Banjo Clubs will take place at Metropoll-
I tan Temple and a second and last concert
will be given at the Grand Opera-house
the following afternoon. Seats are now
on sale at Sherman-Clay's music store.
The Olympla includes Mabel Hudson.
Hadley and Hart. Mae Bdgerton and
Anita La Mont in its week's offerings.
''Ten Days in Fairyland" and a "Santa
Claus Ballet"* are the holiday Attractions
at the Chutes and Zoo, with a big Christ
inas tree containing presents for all the
children.
Blanche Mallory, Marie D. Woods. Kal
cratus. Stanley D. Woodward, the L*an
der Brothers, Tom Mack and the Grazers
are among the week's entertainers at
Fischer's Concert-house. The specialty
bill stems to be welcomed after the farce
comedy innovation of the last few weeks.
man from Ireland, the Orpheum Road
Show in an entirely new programme will
hold down the boards, at the Orpheum
this week. The excellent programme has
been filling the big theater to Its utmost
capacity, and no better vaudeville bill
could have be«n offered for the holiday
show. , ¦
The patient was taken out by the female
attendant yesterday for a walk, and al
though tractable in the building, he began
acting queerly on the street. When the
woman stepped into a store for the pur
pone of ' telephoning .McGinnis made his
escape. He was brought back, to the dis
pensary, where he is being closely guard
ed to prevent any further attempt to es
cape, s
He was overtaken near the ferry by
Dr. Peters and a'n attendant, but when
they tried to compel him to return with
thim he offered fierce resistance. He
s- wore he was going home and made a
rush for the ferry. At this point Police
man Ingham of the Harbor police station
appeared on the scene, and at the request
of Dr. Peters took McGinnis into custody.
The young man fought fiercely to regain
his liberty, but the policeman was too
much for him. He was quickly subdued
and taken back to the sanitarium.
McGlnnlB, who is but 22 years old. ¦ was
brought to this city from Santa Cruz by
relatives for treatment and placed in the
McAllister-street Institution, where he is
being treated by his family physician and
Dr. Peters.
Dr. Peters was not to be found at his
place up to a late hour last night. Ac
cording to a statement made by a woman
in charge McGinnis has been a patient at
that place for nearly a month. He was
placed there by his relatives, who were
having him treated for some mental dis
order.
L. McGinnis. a- young man who has
l>e*-n undergoing treatment for some men
tal trouble at the "Medical Dispensary"
conducted by Dr. B. Peters on the top
floor of the building at 14 McAllister
street, managed to elude the vigilance of
his custodians yesterday, and started to
return to his home in 8anta Cruz.
L. McGinDis Escapes From
Sanitarium but Is Re
cipturel
ALLEGED INSANE
MAN GETS AWAY
JAMK.-5TOWN. Dec. 30.— Some time dur
ing Saturday Ira Kouns. a shoveler in
the Dutch mine, waa instantly killed by
falling from the tenth level into the sump
below, a distance of 225 feet. His remains
were shipped to Calistoga. where he was
a member of the Native Sons of the
Golden West Deceased was 23 years old,
his home being at Lower Lake, where his
parents reside.
Killed in a. Mine.
And the leader! One can read hie whole
history in his tall. slim, well-set-up figure.
Like Sousa. he 5s picturesque, but where
Scusa is the poseur by preference. Strauss
is ihe unwilling and unconscious poser.
From head to knees he is the Strauss who
graduated as a philisopher: but from the
treacherous knees to the mercurial heels
he is son of old Strauss, who made the
merry magic of the modern waltz and In
whose steps the erstwhile philosopher, by
force of imperious heredity, was com
pelled to follow. A curious combination
of dignity and abandon he is. as. handling
his vlriUn like a rirtuoso. with the upper
half of nim. and* waltzing -with the rest,
he leads his devoted hand. He is well
worth whi!p without the rest, and his
work is unexceptionable. Hail, Strauss,
last king cf the waltz!
Delibe"s, "Nalla." ail slight, light ele
gance, was given with absolute, grace and
as encore the famous 'Blue Danube" cre
ated its wented furor One of the "Songs
Without Words" cf Mendelssohn followed
and was enthusiastically enccred; and
with a picturesque "Caucasian March" by
the conductor, of irresistible swing, thu
first Strauss programme ended.
There is ro question that in his own
line Strauss is incomparable. Froth it is,
doubtless, but champagne froth. It is the
coquetry of music, the laughter of lit-;,
the jeweled moment ii;at is here caught
and crystallized. t One can almost see the
fair Yiennes* floating round on her patri
cian tres to its enchanting rhythms or
catch the substantial twat of happy Ger
man h*els in its merry movement. As to
the manner of its playing it is above com
ment. Shading, intonation, ensemble are
perfect, and the orchestra answers as one
man to the baton of the leader.
A brilliant rendering of the Liszt "Hun
garian Rhapsodie," So. 12. perhaps the
most jMctun-scjue number given, opened
the second part <>f th,? programme. With
Hungarian heart and hand back of its in
terpretation, tor it must be remembered
that the Strauss band is simply the apoth
eosis of iht Blue Hungarian Bands of be
loved memory, the ' Rnaps;-:die" was
eiven with exquisite understanding, with
the free. wild, gypsy touch: the graceful
sadness, the lignt brilliance that only
those to music born mav reach.
of Mopzkowski: but the "Wiener Bluf
of the waltz king, Johann, waked up both
audience and orchestra, ami the rest of
the programme was ampfy enjoyed by
both. Following the "Wiener Blut" came
E. tiill^t's dainty entr'acte, "A la
Rococo," exquisitely given by the strings.
"Hearty and Sensible." a clever enough
polka composed by the conductor, came
next, and elicited a hearty encore.
It is to see. as well as hear, this week
with the Strauss orchestra at the Califor
nia Theater. Of the hearing first: Only
a light house, considering the eminence
of the attraction, listened to the charac
teristic programme this famous band
played j Jast night. A frosty evening, a
cool house, and an orchestra sensitlve.to
the tips of its bows to the prevailing at
mosphere, opened the ball not overaus
piclously. A perfunctory encore greeted
the first ar.d second numbers, the "Wald
meister" overture (Johann Strauss) and
a fragment from "The Nations 1 ," fantasy
By Blanche Fartington.
Hungarian Bhapsodie, No. 12, Mosz
Picturesque Piece Given by-
Famous Orchestra at A
California.
The Famous "Blue Danube"
Creates Its Wonted
. Furor.
INCOMPARABLE IS
EDUARO STRAUSS
Florence Roberts Will • Begin Engagement in "Nell Gwynn" at
Alcazar Wednesday' Night—Lola and Nellie Hawthorne Shine
With, the Orpheum RoadShow — "Shenandoah"at the Alhambra
CITY'S PLACES OF AMUSEMENT
FURNISH ATTRACTIONS OF MERIT
FOR THOSE SEEKING DIVERSION
CROOKS' HARVEST
ON GEARY STREET
Enttr E. C. Downer's Resi
dence and Steal Valuable
Property.
« ¦:
S««n Leaving Place by Citizen,
Who Has Given ;the Police
a Description of
That a sang of clever crooks is operat
ing in this city is eviaenced by the
numerous burglaries' reported to the po
lice. Scarcely a day passes that one "or
more houses ai*e not entered and valua
ble booty taken. It was thought that by
the arrest of the three Eastern crooks.who
were no cleverly appienended by De
tectives Ryan and O'Dea. house breaking
would temporarily cease; but judging
from the reports of burglaries sent to po
lice headquarters a more more dangerous
gang is at work in the city.
The latest burglary reported to the po
lice was committed Friday night at the
residence of E. C. Downer at 6SB Geary
street. Mr. Downer and his family went
to a theater, and on returning home they
found that the house had been entered
during their absence and a lot of jewelry
taken.
An entrance was effected by prying: open
a rear window with a "jimmy." Among
the property taken was a valuable dia
mond ring which belonged to Mrs. Downer
and whifh she prizta very highly, as it
was an heirloom.
A citizen who was passing at the time
saw two men leaving the house. ,One, he
claims, had a revolver in his hand, as if
ready to shoot the first one that attempt
ed to stop him or his pal. As they walked
down th* street they were Joined by an
other man. who evidently had kept watch
while they were rausackjng the house.
The description given of the house
breaker? tallies exactly with the three
men who have been operating in the
Western Addition, plundering private res
dences and stealing valuable property.
Yesterday a man who answered the de
scription of one of the daring burglars
was arrested, hut as he satisfied the head
of the Detective Department that he was
innocent he was at once released.
It is thought that the same gang entered
a lodging-house at 112 Geary street a few
nights ago and stole a purse of money,
which was in the pocket of a gossamer
and which belonged to a Mrs. Reynolds.
A number of other daring burglaries are
attributed to the gang but for some rea
son the police are strenuously endeavor
ing to suppress them.
Thieves Break Into a Boom.
The room of W. B. Custer at 903B Pol
som street was broken into last night ami
a gold watch and chain and a valuable
diamond ring stolen. Custer reported his
loss to the police.
In the Boston high schools the girls out
number the boys by 1000 or so. but In the
primary and grammar schools the boys
outnumber the girls by nearly 2500.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY^ DECEMBER 31, 1.900.
LOLA AND NELLIS HAWTHORNE. HERALDED AS CLEVER PERFORMERS. WHO OPENED AN ENGAGE
MENT AT THE ORPHEUM LAST NIGHT AND WILL VIE WITH THE MEMBERS OF THE FAMOUS ROAD
SHOW TROUPE FOR PUBLIC FAVOR.
Day.
• ' *
• ' •
5
Stear-er "Morrticeiio."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
t. m-, 8:15. i:80 p. m (ex. Thurs. night); Frt-
faye. i p. m tr.d S.?.f>. Sundays. 10:21 &. m.. I
;, ra. Lasting ar.d office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephon* Main 1508.
FAKE SOc.
FOR U. S. )>W YARD AKD YALLEJO.
BAY AKD BIVZB STEAMEBS.
CCKTAGJTIE GtXERALE TRAKSATLAKTIQUI.
r>:p.rjCT line to havre-paris.
8a::iM every Thursday. lr.e»ead of <mRXh
Eaturiay, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, •-" UL * i *
Nurth Hirer foot of Morton street. Flnt claas
to Havre SS5 and upward. Second claas to
Karr., t« aid upward GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. M
Broadway (Hufison building). New Tork. J.
F FUGAZI & CX>.. Pacific Coast Agents, S
Montromeo avenue. San FYanclsca Ticketi
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
S. S. ROANOKE sails January 8,
S.S.ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont Ft., at t p. m.
Fw'.rfct and pa*senper offlc*. 838 Market at.
F r CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PANAMA R. R. "SUS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
; I SPEECKLS k ES9S. CO., Euenl icer.ti, 327 Ktrfcet St
Jin'l Pascogir CSa, ((3 Iterket St., Per It. 7. ticA: St
ES. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Easioa. New
Zealand and Australia
....WAiin'fiJv, January 2. IK1. at 9 p. nv
FS AfSTIUUA. for Tahiti
" Sunday. January 6, 1 p. m.
FP ZBALANDIA onlr)
Wrtr.<ssfiay, January !•. J p. m.
oceanies.s.co. ----;-
Ffrn Ne»' Tork Every Wednesday, 12 Noon.
Wetternlaad ...Dec. 161 Noordtend Jaa. II
¦WestemJand ...Jan. JlFrtesland Jan. a
Ken*lnrton Jan. »'?outhwark Jan. SO
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION" COM PANT.
CHAS. D. TATLOR,
OeneraJ Agent Pacific Coast,
RED STAR LINK.
N«w York, and Antwar*.
f nV YOKE. ECCTEAKFTCN. LOKD0M. PARIS.
f ftorpirir at Cherbourir. westbound. ;
Vrorn New Tork Everr Wednesday, 10 a m.
Ft Lmjls Dec. 2€iNoordland Jan. H
N»w Tmt Jan. 2 FrleFland Jan. S3
Kenplnrton Jan. »]Vaderlend Jan. 30
AMERICAN LINE.
SO Montrotnery st.
AMUSEMENTS.
*T-iypLi*
EXTRA NEW TEAR'S MATINEE and SAT-
URDAY at I p. m. SHARP. EVENINGS AT g.
THE MARVET>OUS HOLIDAY SHOW.
CINDERELLA!
By...... .FERRIS HARTMAN.
BE ST'RE AND BRINO THE CHILDREN.
' See Oscar W Feat's Fine TRANSFORMATION.
Tne Flowery Kingdom.
POPULAR PRICES *S and U cents.
Teleshone— Bush t.
¦ f* rt S IB WlR Dlil SA!I FRANCISCO'S
i UULUBHPIA mOUOIBEATBE
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
; 7— NIGHTS— T • - »— MATINEES— »
HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Matinees at Specially Reduced Prices.
MR. GEORGE W. LEDERER Presents His
Fatnoun Cantno Theater. New York City, and
' Shaftesbury Theater, London, Success.
THE BELLE
OF NEW YORK.
THE MOST FAMOUS COMIC OPERA IN THE
WORLD.
Music by Hugh Morton. Book by . G-ustave
I » , Kerker.,
65 — ARTISTS — «
Next KtoUj J»B. 7-"WAT DOWN XAIT."
Alf. EUlnghouse Proprietor and Manager.
Phone— Bouth 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE TO-MORROW. NEW YEAR'S DAT.
: JACOB L1TTS Magnificent Revival of
SHENANDOAH!
' 200-PEOPLE OX THE STAQE-200
5O— HORSES-BO
25-^VETERAN ARTILLEHTMES- ZS
FROM CUBA AND THE PHILIPPINE*
Words of Praise From GEN. MILES: "The
i Very Best Play I Hav« Ever Seen."
KVENJNO 15c, JSc, 15c, SOc and 7S«
MATINEE... .15c. 25c. S5c and EOo
NEXT 8UNDAY AFTERNOON.
{Special Enffafement of RICHARD QOLaDBW.
in^OLD JEirpROUTT."
Phone South 503.
LAST 7 NIGHTS— LAST 7 NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW— NEW TEAK'S
DAT!
To-night and Every Evtnlnr— Sa*. Mule**,
.THE GREATEST BUCCE8S IN TBARS.
David Belasco'a Famous Military Romance.
the HEART Of MARYLAND
.THE BEST OF ALL' BIG PLAYS!
SEE THE GREAT BBLFRT SCENE!
Magnificent and Realistic . Scenery, Exciting
Climaxes, arousing the greatest enthusiasm.
CDjrpc Ev'kb-IOc. 15c, 25c, Joe, 50c.
rKlvLj Matinees— 10c. 15c. Kc No hlrher. ,
Secure Seats at Box Office of Theater.
Next Monday— "WOMAN AND WINS."
SAN FRANCISCO
RED CROSS
IN V1TES PUBLIC TO ¦ WATCH ' OLJO CES-
. TCRT OUT
TO-NIGHT
' . At OOLT>BN OATB HALL. STJTnait ST. .
GREAT ENTERTAINMENT.
Musto. World Greeting*. Speechoa.
. ADMiaaiON-M CENTa
MECHANICS* PAVILION.
THIS EVENING, Deo. 31, 1900,
MARDI GRAS
Fancy Masquerade Ball.
YALE 6LEE AND BANJO CLUBS. .
MACDONOUQH (OAKLAND), January I.
METROPOLITAN TKMPLE THURSDAY
EVENING NEXT. . JANTJARY I.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE FRIDAY AFTER-
NOON NEXT. JANUART *-J O"CLOCK.
J-BRILLIANT PROGRAMMES-*.
Seats ready to-day at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s.
and at Macdonough Theater, Oakland.
¦ Prices— t>,enln«. 50c. il. II 60. *2; afternoon.
STEAMER? WILL LEAVE WHARF. COU-
n»r First and Rrar.nan FTr^t.". at 1 p. m.
ff^r TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
K<->b* <Hlo«ro). Narunkl and Shar.phal. and
connwctlnK a* H-'i> im: » - ith^t»>arr.er» for In-
<:a. etc. No car^o received on board on day of
eallinc.
SS. HONGKONG MARU ;. ;
Thursday. Januarr 54 1501
FS. NIPPON MART"
Tuesday, February 1» l*<7i
FP AMERICA MARt:
Friday. March IS. im
Rrmnd-trip ticket* lit reduced rates. Kor
frelrht and passage api>ly ot company's office.
421 Market «reet. oorner First.
W. H. AVERT. GenTaJ Arent.
TOYO KISEN KAflSffA.
CADC S!2 First Class Including IJerth
I MIIL S3 Second Class and Mm!-.
COtt."MBIA Fa!!* Dec ?4 Jan 3
OEO. W. ELDER Sails D^c. ti
Short Lln^ to Walla Walla. Ppoksne. Butte
H*>na and all point* in th<> Northwest.
Throua-h ticket* to sll polntp East.
E. C. WARD. G»n«»ral A(r«nt.
es» Market st.
Frorr Sr>»ar-«tr»et at 20 a. m.
PIPPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
Pacific Coast Steamshin Co.
u Pteamer« !e»v» Broadway
wharf. S-an Francisco:
Y'jS»^^ For A.rkar, Pert* — 11 a. nr.
WBiBfK .'a-. 1. 6. ii, 16. :i :s. si. f*>v>.
ratr?ijf*v 5. ChaiiRe to i mpsny'e Bteam.
Ht KEMHgtt ers tt S»«t:>_
DfitGi^J^; •" ' '¦ ¦'• tori*. Vancouver (B.
U&tj^*1rjk 1 c> - Por^ Towr.wnd. Feattif.
I 'l^^&KSSt - j" Rf *'" r t 1 s- Kv»rrrt. Anar"rt«^.
and New Whateom (Wash.)—
11 a m.. Jan. 1. «. 11. l«. ;i. id.
fi. F^b. 6. an4 »very fi'lh day th»r»after.
« at P^attl* for th:» company"* sfamers
lor Alaska end O. N. Hy.: at ?eattl* or Tacom»
to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver tn C. P Ry
For Eureka. Hun-.boldt Ray— 2 p. m.. Jan. 3. «.
13. IK. 33. ;s. F^b. 2. and every fifth dav there-
e'ter.
For Pan Di^pn. topping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lof ARKrlr-s and R«»dindo <Ix>p An-
F«>les)— Pt«-an:PT Que*-n. Wednejday?. S a m •
»:<-arr:»r Santa Roe- Punda\-». S a "m
For Panta Cruz. Mnnterry. Pan Flmeon C»r-
u-o#. rort Harfortl ifta t,u!» Obi*po). Gaviot'i.
Panta Bartiara, \>ntura. Huenraie. San Pedro.
EiFt Pan Pedro il/m Ar.pre!»»si and Newport—
Stpamer Corrma. Fridays. » a. m.: steamer
Honita. Tuei-daya. S a. m.
For Enser.a-Ia. Masdalona Bay. Pan Jose del
<~aho. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Gusynsf <M»>x.»-10 a. m. 7th » a .-h mor.ih.
For further information obtain comnanv>
frlders. »
Th» company KWllM the right to chans*
Fteamer*. eailinr f!ate^ and hour? of sailing
wMhmit prrvfeoa iotir^.
TICKKT OPFICC-4 K«W Montgomery
street < Palace Hole')
OOOD^LL. PERKINS & CO.. Con. Apents.
3 n Marktfi St.. Pan Francisco.
OCEAU TRAVEL.
Y »u cai fiiA out what U
"KO-NUT" is by asking |
\ our grocer. sj
Hi and every one else who Q
has tried it knevs that O
"Ko-Nut"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat H
For Shortening g
and Frying, |
Is the Bfst M terial mad-. 1
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
PTRICTfRE? and anal fiout complaints of the
Orranr of Generation.
Prl^e »1 a )>ottlf. Fcr fa!f by dn:gr!»ts.
PATTOSIEN'S
Furn'ture Exposlt on Building,
cob. Sixteenth and Mission streets.
ameter, and la
equipped with
the new rrr.ake-
lese burner.
And i; the heat-
tr Is satisf&c-
tor}* send us a
postal order for
V5.00.
This beater Is
ZS Inches high.
14 Inches in di-
3 DAYS,
SEND NO
MONEY.
TRY IT FOR
«*P«ne« if n :•
not all r«u «x-
P«ct*4 It t» W.
d>CT f\f\ £«_ the Best Heatc
$5.00 for 2gas«^
ADollroreil to any
iddreBs. dty or
oountry, to b«
returned ct our
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
We extend the compli-
ments of the season to all
our friends. ¦
OPEN Tm EVENING.
All advertised "Specials"
of last Thursdav h' Id sood
for to-day. We offer in
addition for
TO-DAY— -TUESDAY— WEONESDAY
EUTTER 'VzsLr \ 43c sqaare
Sold last vrfk at "r
CLARET ft®-,.. *5& 35c g^I
COFFEE. 'Koia' 1 "5S&, 2 p c ib
Se^mii to p!" a .» the most fastidtous
Ctoffee Drinkers. R«a°. 25c • '•¦.¦¦
SARD'NES &?&. 3 tins 2:c
Imported— n«w stock.
CORNIC Jfe fn^^r 1 " 1 SI.35
Tricoche. F.or.r.lot & C...
[filDC N> w holiday roods of all l»ad-
1UAIIJ lnjr imported and Key West
brands from 91.25 to •¦» U» per box.
AirrjSEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO CAPTURED!
THE TALK OF THE ENTIRE COrNTRT.
ENDORSED BT PRES3 AND PUBLIC.
THti GREA%T
ORPHEUM | SECOND AND I
win IihVlii FINAL WEEK.
ROAD ==
SPECIAL MATINEE
SHOW I NEW Y BAR'S DAY.
ETE31TTHINO NEW.
And In addition the woria-wnu m uefl
SISTERS (Lola and Nellie) HAWTHORNX.
WILJ-TAM CAHILt. PA VIS and THE
BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seaU. 25e; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
TRIUMPHANT RECEPTION TO
And his unrivaled VIENNA ORCHESTRA.
TO-NIGHT'S PROOR.\MME— <1) Orprture to
the operetta. "The Queen's Lace Handker-
chief" (Johann Strauss) | <21 March* Funebre
(Choptn) (orchestrated by Etfuard Strauss); (3»
waltz. "Morning: Journals" (Johann Strauss):
(4) Anitra'3 Dance, from "Per Gynt" (GrieR);
(5) Entra'acte and Pizzicato from the bn.:i.»t
"Sylvia" (Dellbea). Part II— if) Potpourri from
the opera "Carmen" (Bizet); (7) Waltz. Forest
Tales, from th» ballet "The Mountain" (Eri.c
Meyer-Helmund); (8) Evening; Song, for string
quartet and harp (Reinecke); (9) Galop. "Clear
tho Track" fEduard Strauss). This week only,
special matinee to-morrow (New Tear's Dav>
and Saturday. Special Prices— Orchestra. t2:
Orchestra, last ? rows, 11.50; Balcony, first t
rows, 11.50: Balcony, balance, fi: Gallerj-. re-
served. T5c; Gallery, unreserved, SOc. Next at-
traction. "Human Hearts," at our usual popu- -
lar prices.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
The Greatest Success in tha City.
OLJVEH-'.EPMK COMPANY
THIS EVENING.
First T1m« Here of Mario Doran'a Romantic
Play.
NELL GWYN!
The Theatrical Sensation of th* East.
Evening: Prices— 10c. 13c. J5c Me
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 73c
Matinee Prices— 10c. 15c. tic, SOo— No Higher.
Branch Ticket Offlc»— Emporium.
HWkftSMf
NEW YEAR MATINEE TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW. Farew«!l t9
NAUGHTY ANTHONY.
Beginning WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
Special Bagagenwnt ot
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNN
By Charlotte ThotnpsoQ.
New Scenery Painted From Historical Ra-
seerehea.
SALE OS* SEATS NOW OS.
CHUTES^and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVBNTNO.
Grand Spectacular Production,
TEN DAYS IN FAIRYLAND
mm mm M ft Dmmmm
SANTA GLAUS BALLET!
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE!
Presents for AH the Children!
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
TsUpheaa for S.a.ts Park a.
RACING ! RACING ! RACING !
UOfr-WnfTER MEETDJQ— VOL
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
•JDE3C. U TO JAN. IS. INCLCBIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. • ¦
Racier Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurt-
day, Friday ana Saturday. Rain or shine.
FTr» or more races each day.
Raees start at 3:15 d. m. sharp.
Varry-boAts leavs Baji Fmndsco at 12 m. asd
13:10. 1. 1:30. X 2:90 and S p, rn.. oonnectlnK
with trains ttoppta* at th« «ntrmnc« to th«
track. Last two car* on train n«#rve<) for
ladies and their escorts: no smoktne. Buy your
ferry ticket* to Shell Moand. All trains via.
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo av«su«
eeletrlc ears at Sev*nth and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains rla Alameda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. Th«ee electric cars
so direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning 1 — Trains leare the track at 4:13 and
4:48 p. m. and immediately after the laat-race.
THOMAS H WILUAMd JR., President.
R. a MILROT. Secretary.
FT^r.HFR*<5 CONCERT HOUSb.
Marie D. Woods, Kalcratus. Blanche Mallory
8tanley and Woodward, the Leander Brothers.
Tom Mack, the Grazers and Others.
Reserved Seats 25c. Special Matinee New Tears
nil ia. These hotels pos-
rul Alir 9e9s the attributes
1" that tourists and
Qflfl travelers appreciate
fl»U —central location,
PDA Kid liberal manage-
UllAllU ment, modern ap-
UfsTri O pomtments a n 4
HU tLoi p crfect caisine
IIUIkLUj American and . Ea-
San FranC?SCO. ropean plans.
ADVEBTISEatENTS.Visions of a Call Cartoonist at the Coursing Field.
4-3; Curtis & Sons' Warpath beat Sterl &
Knowles' Ollta. 6-3; J. E. Hoskings' King
Cashier beat Chlarlnl Bros.' Bunco Bill, 5-4:
E. M. KellogB's Bens Babe beat P. J. Reilly"*
Ploughboy, 4-0; D. Dillon's Dewdrop beat Rus
sell & Allen's- W'eddlne Bells, 4-0; P. J. Reil
ly*8 Honesty beat P. Jackson's Honor Bright,
3-2; P. J. Reiliy's Warship beat George Shar
man'« Black Flush, 6-3; M. Dunlea's Erin beat
F. Jones' Harlean Gladys. 8-0; - George Shar
man's St. Ives beat J. P. Thrift's St. Michael,
4-1; Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant beat Pasha
Kennels' May Hemrstead, 10-7; H. H., Gray's
Rona beat Lande & Gerber's Rienzl, 19-16;'Cur
tis & Sons' Shadow beat Pasha Kennels' Fiery
Face, 4-2; -P. Doyle's Liberator beat George
Sharman's Bowery Boy, 5-4; George Nether
cott's Floodgate beat Curtis & Sons' McKinley,
15-10; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat Curtis
& Sons' Narcissus. 17-12 R. L. Taylor's Mose
beat H. A. Deckelman's Rocker,' 16-5; Ersklne
& Jones' Lavender' beat Captain Clarkson's
Headwater. 6-0: J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat E.
Geary's America, 4-2; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha
beat Curtis & Sons' Echo, 3-2; R. L. Taylor's
Beauty Spot beat D. Toland's Pleasant ¦ Girt,
3-2;. Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne beat P. Rell
ly's Cascade, 2-2. . .
Third round— Snapshot beat Tyrone Prince,.6
0; Silver Cloud beat Master Claire, 6-3; Ireland
a bye; .Warrigo beat Auckland, B-4; Palo "Alto
beat Anchor. 7-2; Warco beat Greenhall, 7-V;
Warpath beat Klnfr Cashier, 5-4; DewTlrop beav
Ben's Babe, 7-5; Honesty beat Erin, 6-1; St.
Ives beat Warship,'*, 4-0; Rona beat Mamie
Pleasant, 14-9; Shadow beat Liberator, 7-1;
Floodgate beat Rural Artist. 4-0; Mose beat
Lavender. 5-0; Brutus beat Bonnie Pasha, 6-4;
Beauty Spot beat Royal Anne. 5-4.
Fourth round— Sliver Cloud beat Snapshot,
6-0; Ireland beat Warrteo. 6-2; Warco beat Palo
Alto, 14-11; Warpath beat Dewdrop, 5-4; Hon
esty beat St. Ives, 4-2; Shadow a bye; Mose
beat Floodgate, 2-1;' Brutus beat Beauty Spot,
8-2. -.-...' ?'-." - ' -
Fifth round— Ireland beat Silver Cloud, 4-2;
Warpath a bye; Honesty beat Shadow, 8-6;
Mose beat Brutus, ¦ 5-4. i
Sixth round— Ireland beat Warpath, 8-0; Hon
esty beat Mose, 3-1.
TAP OUT WINS.
Deciding course— Ireland beat Honesty, 10-J.
Regular and Consolation Stakes Run
by Pacific ((Coursing Club, Stockton.
..STOCKTON, Dec. 30.— The results of the
Pacific Coursing Club meet to-day are as
follows: •,
First round— Montana Jack beat Just In Time;
Amoricus beat Bounding Belle; Glen Roy beat
Wheel of Fortune; Allesandro beat Winning
Ways; Sarah Gold beat Joker; Firefly beat
Prince .- Hal ;. Spring , Time . beat Low Shake;
Tap Out beat Arno; Thunderbolt beat Cash,
Day; Miss Manila beat' Nonpareil; Forpive
beat Glen Chloe; Cash In beat sDolando; Ter
ronlte beat Magnesia; Leah beat Scotch Reel.
" Second round— Montana Jack beat Amerlcus;
Allesandro beat Glen Hoy;, Sarah Gold beat
Firefly; Tap Out beat Spring. Time; Thunder
bolt beat Miss Manila; Forgive beat Cash In;
Terronite beat Leah. . • .
Third round — Montana. Jack beat Allesandro;
Tap Out beat Sarah Gold; Thunderbolt beat
Forgive; Terronlte a bye.
Fourth round— Tap Out beat Montana Jack;
Thunderbolt beat Terronlte.
Final — Tap Out beat Thunderbolt.
Consolation prises went to Scotch Reel first.
Joker second, Arno third.
New Year's Coursing.
A M-dog stake will be the attraction for
New Year's day at Union Coursing Park.
FLAMES GUT WAGON
FACTORY OF WHITE BROS.
It Is Reported Erroneously That
¦ • Wallace White Perished in
the Flames.
A flre broke out in "Wbfte Bros.' carriage
factory at 39 Beale street about 3 o'clock
yesterday morning. An r alarm was.
promptly; turned in, but before the depart
ment had time to reach the lire the place
was badly gutted. . * V , •
A rumor was circulated that "Wallace
White, who had been in the habit' In the
past of sleeping In the factory, had been
burned to death, but the report was
groundless, as White had not slept In
the building for several months. •¦ The
damage will amount to close upon $10,000.
which Is partly covered by Insurance.
At the San Francisco handball court the
following matches were played yesterday:
J. Durrand and P. Basch..... 21 21 21
M. Berwln and Martin Levy... 16 13 18
G. McDonald and P. McKinnon 21 21 10 11 21
M. McNeil and I* Carraine 12 14 21 21 17
\V. Williams and J. Lawless 21 21 21
D. Connelly and lit. Joyce 13 15 20
T. Serrea and E. White! 21 19 21
A. Whiteman and W. Johnson 16 21 13
E. J. Murphy and J. J. Kava- •
naugh 21 15 17 21 21
G. B. Hayward and ' G> Ma-
BUlre 10 21 21 19 14
M. Dillon and P. Kelly 21 21 21
\V. Kelly and G. Hutchlneon...' 18 20 9'
A. McVicker and 'W. Maguire.. 21 21 14 16 21
J. Condon and T; Leach 18 13 21 21 19
A. Hampton '» 21 21
JrC Neoion 11 9
E. Curley :.. 21 21
J. Collins 11 2l>
R. Linehanand M. J. Kllgallon... 21 21 21 13
J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton..:.. 16 18 14 21
¦ o ¦
AUTOMOBILE LJNE PLANNED.
Vehicles to Be Run Between Fresno
and Monterey.
MONTEREY, Dec. 30.— A rumor Is afloat
hereabout, said to' be well-founded, that
an automobile line Is to be run, from
Fresno to this placed during the coming
summer to accommodate the large num
ber of people from the Interior who visit
this section during' the 'hot 'weather.
It is stated that the vehicles to be used
will : be -built*, to carry fifteen passengers
and that the trip will 'be made via Pa
noche, Hollister and Salinas.
Tipton Slasher Challenges.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— Benny Yanger, the
"Tlpton Slasher," through his manager
to-night deposited a forfeit of $1000 1 with
George Slier and . issued ¦ a challenge . ; to
flght Terry McGovern, at 122 pounds at
the ringside, before the" club offering the
best inducements.. As these are the terms
place. A large number of -fans will ac
company the local team. There Is great
rivalry between the two teams.
FAST SOTJTHERN BASEBATiL.
Close Games in Los Angeles and San
Bernardino Before Apprecia
tive Crowds.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 30.— San
Diego defeated San Bernardino In a game
of baseball to-day by a score of 2 to 0.
It was tho greatest exhibition . of the
American game ever given in this city
and was played without error on either
side,
Taylor. San Diego's mute pitcher,
showed great speed and accuracy in de
livery. Score: *-
Clubs— R. H. E.
San Diego 2 9 0
San Bernardino 0 3 0
Batteries— Taylor and Works; Whalen ana
Mangerina. Umpire— Thurman. .
I.OS ANGELES. Dec. 30.— The Levys
won the game from the Maier and Zobe
leins to-day by a score of 2 to I. 1 The
won the game from the Maier & Zobe
& Zobelefji failed to score after the first
Levys 2 10* 2
Mater & Zobeleln 1 B 5
Batteries— Mosklman and Carter: Babbitt and
Whaling. Umpire— Karly.
¦ m ¦
Swiss Club Shoot.
The Swiss Rifle Club shot on the Har
bor View ranges yesterday. In the bulls
eye shppt the following shows the rank
ing:
¦ A. Monottl, Ed, Suter, J. Seeman, P.
Ceroce, E. Bacala, A. Von "Wyl, F. Baum
gartner, A. Studer, A. Gehret, J. C. Glen
guenln.
The medal shoot resulted: Medal cham
pion class — A. Gehret, 427;' first class. A.
Studer. 371; second class. F. Suter, 361;
third class. Ed. Suter, 362.
HANDBALL
PLAY IN COURTS
OF THE CITY
Results of the Contests Yes
terday Between Devo
tees of the Garnet
Makes Sure of His Money.
James Dolan, a driver on a milk wagon
belonging to George Smart, was locked
up In a cell at the Seventeenth-street sta
tion yesterday . on a - warrant sworn out
by his employer charging petty embezzle
ment. . Dolan,. before quitting his milk
route on "Saturday"! evening, 4 decided to
leave Smart's service, and In order that
he might make sure - of the amount - of
wages coming to him he held out $35 of
the money (Collected.
Favors Charter Amendments.
WOODLAND. Dec. 30.— At a meeting of
the Chamber of Commerce held last even
ing a bill amending the city charter str
that municipal offices may be consoli
dated was indorsed. The bill provides for
the consolidation of City Marshal and Su
perintendent of Streets; City Clerk, Re
corder ahd Assessor; Treasurer and Tax
Collector. It also provides for the ap
pointment of the District Attorney at the
option of the Board of City Trustees.
• - !¦ •
Officers Elected.
MONTEREY. Dec. 30.— San Carlos Coun
cil, Y. M»'L, No. 304, of this city has Just
elected officers for the coming year. Those
chosen are: J. Pray, president;' Charles
Pinto,- first .vice president; Joseph Sil
veria, second vice president; . William
Hunt, secretary; V. Cor riea, treasurer;
Leon Narvlz, marshal; Ramon Corumlnes,
inside sentinel; Frank Cruz, outside se»
tinel; Antonio Silveria, Charles Pinto and
Manuel S. Perry, executive committee.
* . 1
The Mount Oswald Floated.
MIAMI, Fla., Dec. 30.— The British
steamer Mount Oswald, which went on a
reef at Elbow Reef on December 17, was
pulled off by a wrecking tug to-day and
proceeded on her voyage to Tamplco,
Mexico. : ~-- ¦ . »
asked by McGovern's manager it Is al
most certain tho match will be made. | If
the men meet it will be for the feather
weight championship of the world.
To Consolidate Fair Districts.
"WOODLAND, Dec 30.— It is conceded by
all who made, the rounds of the district
fairs this season that Woodland held the
most successful fair - In the State, the
State ' Fair alone - excepted, although the
State appropriation Is only $2100- for two
years. With a view, of getting an In
creased appropriation and thus enabling
the directors to offer larger premiums and
thereby enocuraging representative ex
hibits of all the industrial products of
Yolo County, a movement Is on foot to
so amend the district fair bill that the
Fortieth District will be comprised of
Yolo and Sacramento counties.
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United i States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights .; of . High and Low
Waters' at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. > Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. - >
J. NOTE— Th« high and low. waters occur at the
dty. front: (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minute.. later_ than at Fort . Point; the
hei«ht «f, tide Is. the samft at. both places.
. NOTE — In the above exposition of the tlien
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tl>]e
of the day. except when there are but threa
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey > charts, except when a
minus sign (— > precedes the height, and then
tht» number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
ANOTHER vessel has be«n sighted
bottom up off the coast. It is only
two days since the Chilean bark
Temuco arrived at Port Townsend
and reported a. capsized ahlp float-
Ing off Cape Flattery. Yesteray the
schooner Sacramento came In and report
ed a schooner bottom up off the Mendo
cino coast.
The Sacramento herself did not escape
rough usage, as the report furnished by
Captain Gruggel goes to show. It is as
foi.ows:
Left Siuriaw River , December 14. Encoun
tered heavy southeast sales rts-ht along until
the last five days. On December 15. in latitude
43 degrees 30 minutes north, longitude 325 de
crees 40 minutes west, we encountered a very
heavy southeast gale, with a beavy tea. run
ning. About 10 p. m. a heavy breaker broke
right over the vessel, throwing; her on her
b.-am ends, broke In the cabin doors, flooded
the cabin and shifted the upper part of deck
l»ad to. leeward against the riffgingr; carried
away some of the deck lathings, blocking up
the pump hole. Found the vessel leaking badly
Hud to threw part of deckload overboard to
ss.ve lives and vessel. '
On the 23d of December, tn latitude 44 degrees
1£ minutes north, longitude 12S degrees west,
figbted a vessel bottom up three points on the
Jee bow. Bore down to her to Investigate and
fcund her to be a vessel about e!ghty-flve feet
heel, with a newly copper painted bottom.
Her stem was well out of the wat^r. She was
white painted and had a black oval name board
¦with yellow painted letters, with San Francisco
painted on. The lower part of her name could
not be eeeri. as It was under the water the
moment we passed her. Her rudder was etlll
on and on «*c& side of the bottom of the rud
der was a two-lncb piece of plank spiked on.
Bktn Monitor, 7 days from Coos Bay.
Bktn Gatherer, - Youn «rer, 17 day* from Ta
coma, via Callum Bay 9 days.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Smith, 11 days from Port
Hadlock, • ¦•# . :¦ . .. • ¦
Schr Sacramento, Gruggrel, 31 days from Sius
law River. ¦¦ , • -
Schr Monterey, Beck, 74 hours from Coo« Bay.
Schr Jennie and Stella, Krebs, 24 days from
Grays Harbor. ¦ "¦¦ ¦ ,' . -- ".-¦
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bodega.
'- Br schr Enterprise. Gullin, 1« days from Vic
toria; put in for repairs. iRHHBHH
SAILED.
Sunday, : December $0.
Stmr. Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Btmr Robert Dollar.. EUefaen. Seattle, .
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Trinidad.
Stmr .'Aberdeen, Hansen.'—— .TWJBH , .
Stmr Greenwood, .
Br ship Crompton, Hume, Queenstown." ¦
Schr Rio Rey, ¦ Skipper, . '¦*'-><¦' ¦
tfchr J Eppinger, Jensen," Stewarts ¦ Point. .
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Mandalay— The bell . buoy at Cres
cent. City has moved about 100. yards to the
eastward.': .. : .-¦¦--. ¦ ;-:¦• • ¦'•¦;,"•
- P«>r schr Jennie and Stella — On Dec 16, In lat
46 08 N.i Ion . 126 W. had heavy/ g*Je SSEJ.: with
high and - confused • i sea. causing? ' : vessel to
spring ' leak ' and damage the ' rudder.*; Had' : to
throw , over about ITO « M < lumber to • save t the
vesseV: ; ¦ '_¦ ¦¦¦--:¦ .'¦. ¦ :, ¦• •;¦•¦...":¦.•. -A- .-•-.•¦•. ?•:'
Per Br »chr Knterprlse— On Dec 15 and 18. off
Vancouver Island, ¦ had , a heavy SE gale;: stove
In . boats . and skylights and ; flooded i the cabin;
put in ' to : San Francisco , f or ' repairs. • -
TELEGRAPHIC.
. POINT . LOBOS. ' Dec .' 30, V 10 v ' p m— Weather
clear; wind NW,- velocity 10 miles. ; •
TACOMA— Sailed •¦ Dec 30--Schr 'Annie Larsen,
for ean Francisco. ; i t;
' ¦ ¦ ' • ¦ ' ' v. - i
DOMESTIC ;.- PORTS.
aboot sixteen Inches wide and stuck out be
hind the back of'tbe rudder about eighteen
Inches T It probably wa» the schooner Con
ftansZ, as It tallies with her description.
Captain Gruggel is mistaken In the mat
ter of the Conflanza. as that vesasel did
not" leave the Coqullle River until Decem
ber 28, and 1 the wTeck. was passed on De
cember 23. • •
MOKE VESSELS IN DTSTBESS.
Luck Stories.
Another Fleet Coines In With. Hard
The British schooner Enterprise came
In from sea yesterday for repairs. She
left Victoria, B. C, on a sealing cruise,
but during a heavy gale off the Vancou
ver coast had her decks swept, . boats
smashed, cabin flooded and other damage
done. '
The barkentlne Monitor had an unevent
ful trip, but the bark Theobald, 32 days
from Port Blakeley, caught it on Decem
ber 21. She was in a terrific south-south
east gale and a mountainous sea running-.
The vessel labored a great deal, and fin
ally Captain Henderson put her about and
ran before It.
The echooner Jennie Stella, 24 .days from
Grays Harbor,- came, near going down
on December 16. She was • swept by the
waves again and again, and the ' rudder
was damaged. In order to save '.the crew
and the vessel 100,000 feet of lumber had
to be Jettisoned. This lightened her up
considerably and she rode out; the sale.
Still yesterday eJfce looked like a featured
wreck, and It will be several weeks before
she Is ready for sea again.
Bell Buoy Shifted.
The steam schooner Mandalay, which ar
rived from Coquille River yesterday, re
ports that the bell buoy at Crescent City
was moved about i 100 yards during the
recent southeaster. Mariners should be
careful to remember this fact, as 100 yards
distance means a great deal when a ves
sel is making port .
Shipping Intelligence.
* „ - : arrived. .. r;j, ;.
- Eunday, December SO.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, -62 hour* from Coqullle
River. . s\ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ :-
Stmr Aberdeen, t Hansen, 60 hours from Ban
Diego, via San Pedro 44 hours.
Stmr Geo - Loomls, liridcett, 34 hours from
Ver.tura. •.¦...-
Stmr Noyo, Johnson,. 13 hours from .Fort
Brafg. ,
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 22 hours from Kureka. '
Stmr North Fork, HcLellan;- 22% ' hours r from
Eureka. *^o — *"5 ' * '
- Btmr Queen, Thomas, 45 hours from " Ban
Diego and way ports. >-4^8a#4f>VBK3*n8M)sKSSK
. Stmr Gipsy, ' Leland, 24 hours from Monterey,
etc - - . •.-...-.. jpu-; ¦ ¦ ¦-¦¦:¦. ¦ ... ,
* Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 47. hours . from Port
Los Anceles. - ¦ ¦ • ;
" Whaling: stmr Fearless, -McKenna, 35 days
from Unalaska, via Cook Bay 63 hours. ¦
Br etmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, 98 hours
frc-m Nanaimo. :•• . ¦
. -Ship. Occidental. Watkins, 13 -days from Se
attle. : ~ " • - . . t ••'-.-.-•.• ......
¦ Bark Theobald, Keeset, ' S2 days from Port
Blakeley. . :;;-7'.\ -- - - . - .:
Mackinaw...... Seattle Jan. S
Point Arena.... Point Artna Jan. 3
Santa Rosa..... San Diego,... Jan. 8
G. W. Elder... Portland ..:.......;...... Jan. 5
to; arrive.
' Steamer Movements.
YOKOHA3IA— Arrived 'Deo 29— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru,* hence Dec 6. • "\
FOREIGN. PORTS.
UUHEKA — Arrlred D«o 80 — Btmr ' Pomona,
hence Deo 29;stmr Santa Ana, hence Deo IS.
Sailed Df a SO— Stmr Lakme, for San Fran
cisco.
BOWENS : LANDING— Arrived . Deo SO— Stmr
Na\ - arro, hence Dec 29. . - •,*-•"
6BATTLB- Arrived Dec 29— Jap itmr Rlojun
Maru, ' from China: stmr State of California.
Sailed Dec ' 2&-Stmr Dolphin, for Skaguay ;
etrar Willamette, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Deo 29— Stmr Arcata,
hence Dec 29. - > . •• . -• ¦' - ¦ \ '- ¦
N'DAU -BAY— Passed in Deo SO— Stmr Nome
City. -.--¦¦-,. ¦ ¦¦. :- ¦ - - ¦
Passed out Dec SO— Ship Clan Macpherson and
•hip ' Oriental. ¦-•¦-¦¦ -
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Deo 30-Schr Queen,
for Kallua.
Jeffries to Start Training.
CrNCIrfKATT. Dec. SO.— It is announced
that Ed Cook, as representative of W. A.
Brady, will be here this week to open
Jeffries' headquarters, and Jeffries Is ex
pected to go into training at West Baden,
Ind., next week. Gus Beznah is trying to
make a match for the preliminary of the
Jeffrtes-Ruhlla flght here February 15.
Poolsellers' 'Agreement.
When the cases of the poolsellers are
again called in Judge Mogan's court to
day It Is expected that Harry Corbett.
who has been out of the city, will be pres
ent. Corbett made the agreement with
Chief Sullivan to plead guilty to all the
cases in the Police courts if the Superior
Court decided adversely to the poolmen,
and he said he represented the other pool
sellers. It will be interesting to see
whether he will bear out bis attorney in
repudiating the agreement.
ANOTHER VESSEL, BOTTOM UP, IS SIGHTED OFF THE COAST.
WOODLAND. Dec 30.— The Bohemian
football team Trill go to Willows on New
Year's day to play the team of that
"Will Play at Willows.
Cadets Play Ball.
Yesterday afternoon the baseball team,
of Company I defeated the team of Com
pany N at the Sixteenth and Folsom
etreet grounds by a score of U to 1L It
was a close came, Company N having the
lead until tho last Inning.
To-naorrtKw afternoon two games will
be played, the first between Company C
and Company I at 12:80, and Company D
and Company X at 2:30.
DENVER, Dec, 30.— In answer to an. in
vitation issued by the president of th©
Young Men's Christian Association of this
city to speak before that body on his ex
periences while hunting lions in Colorado,
Governor Roosevelt replied that he was
coming to Colorado to escape talking and
to kill. lions. He therefore must decline
to address the Y. M. C. A, .V
To Hunt Lions, Not to Talk.
Guardsmen Win SXedals.
Captain Frank K. Moore won'the cham
pion medal by a score of 40 and Second
Lieutenant William B. Corcoran won' the
second best shot medal by a score of 37
in the annual shoot of Company I. First
Infantry Regiment. N. G. C, at Shell
Mound yesterdty. The medals must be
won three times in yearly succession in
crder to become the property of the suc
cessful marksmen.
Sunday at Park and Beach.
Those who visited .the 'park and beach
yesterday were treated to some Christ
mas weather. Those who enjoyed this
one feature of the day's outing were not
many, however, as the home nreside had
a greater attraction. No accidents or in
cidents worthy of special mention were
reported to the police. At the Chutes the
visitors were a pain given a peep Into
fairyland and the youngsters all received
a ' present from, -the big tree. Notwith
standing the cold weather, the tanks at
Sutro Baths were well patronized and
the contests were held. Tne results of
the contests follow: Fifty-yard dash, ju
venile — H. Leicken first, M. Hinz second.
Underwater swimming contest — C. Lan
din first, C. RolllnB second. Tub race — S.
A. Wade first. M. Jones second, E. Louis
third. Hundred yard dash, amateur-
Charles Davis . first. T. Levy second.
Trick and faney springboard dlvins— L.
James first prize. S. Casey second prize.
High diving— O. Sundburg first prize, M.
Willis second prize.
HARE.* 5 BArTTTR IS NOT
A PARTY TO THE SUIT
Disclaims Connection 'With. Attempt
of Tax Deputies to Restrain
Civil Service Board.
Harry Baehr, cashier in the License Of
fice, is not to be a party to the suit which,
is to be brought by some of the deputies
In the Tax Office against the Civil Service
Commission to restrain It from certifying:
the names of eligiblea for positions as dep
uties in the Tax Office. Baehr'a name
was published* ii an article outlining tho
suit proposed to be brought.
Baehr eays that the reason he did not
take the civil service examination was
because his position is not classed as a
deputy, but as cashier. While the char
ter provides for but one cashier tn tha
Tax Colector's office, now held by O3car
Curtaz, Baehr has been advised that as
a cashier is absolutely necessary for the
License Office, his place will be exempted
from civil service provisions. Baehr says
he has never been present at the confer
ences of the deputies and has at no tlma
been desirous of attacking the Civil Ser
vice Commission in any manner. »
THEN VEBZUf EUJOTS
A CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL
Members. "With. Their Friends and
Children, Follow Out an Old
German Custom. *
Following an old German custom, the
Ban Francisco Turn Verein held a Christ
mas festival yesterday in the society's
building, 323 Turk street.
In the afternoon the children belonging
to the various athletic classes assembled
in the exhibition hail, and in the presence
of a large number of the adult members
of the verein grave a series of drills and
evolutions under the direction of Profes
sor Hans Goetze. A huge Christmas
tree was provided for the children, and
valuable gifts were made to the younger
clement by their elders.
In the evening an entertainment and
dance made the hours pass merrily for
the member* of the vereln and »thelr
guests. The programme of the entertain
ment was rendered by the singing section
of the verein, the Columbia Zither Club,
Mrs. Rose Hansmann. soprano; Arthur
Blumel, who drew rapid sketches of
prominent persons; A. Trost. violin selec
tions, and Mrs. E. Vcroni presided, at the
piano.
The committee In charge of the festival
was as follows: President John Simmen.
F. Attinger. G. A. Trost. Wilhelm Schroe
der. A. Hoffman. Mrs. C. Nielsen. Mrs. G.
A. Trost. Mrs. E. Nlchol, Mrs. G. Htntze.
F. Zecher had charge of the floor during
the dancing, which was kept up to a late
hour.
JEWISH CHILDREN" FORM
A SOCIAL. SOCIETY
gogue Entertain Their Elders
and Friends.
Toting 3Sleiiib«rs of Bush-Street Syna-
- A pleasing entertainment was given
last evening by the Cynthia Social and
Literary Society, which is composed of
the young members of the Bush-street
Synagogue, The affair vu held in tho
auxiliary hall of the synagogue, tha
friends and parents of the children being
present in large numbers. The commit
tee In charge of the entertainment was
composed of Walter Brandt. Ellis Hart
man, Milton Meyer and Sadie Meyer. The
children who took part m the entertain
ment displayed considerable talent and
were rewarded with applause, which was
well deserved.
Those Who entertained wera Albert
Hass, Cora Davis, Sadie Davis, Milton
Meyer. Walter Brandt, Leona Brealauer,
Bertha Kantrowltz, Elsie Kahn. Juliet
Hayman, Sadie Meyer, Tessle Neuberger,
Lenora Goldschmidt, Willie Stern. Esther
Mosbacher, Calire and Eddie Deutsch and
Herbert Williams. At the close of th«
programme Rabbi Meyers of the Bush
street Synagogue made an address, dwell
ing upon the benefits of social, literary
and educational intercourse.
The doubles tournament played . yester
day at the California Club grounds for the
Davis cups was a success Only, two
teams axe left in the tournament. Weihe
and Adams and Collier and Crowell. Their
match was postponed on account of dark
ness until New Year's* morning.
The first match was between the pony
team. Adams and Weihe. and R. Cornell
and M. Johnson. The pony team allowed
their opponets 15 and beat them easily,
6— 0, 6—2. Al Rosenberg and Hodgklnson
¦allowed David Painter and Charles Kuehn
30 2-6 and won by a score of 6—1, 8—6.
Collier and Crowell gave R. Whitney and
W. Stauf 15, and in a close match defeat
ed them. S— 6. 9—7. 6 — t. In the next round
Jones and O'Brien, who had drawn a bye.
played Adams and Weihe. Adams and
Weihe gave then 15 2-6, and defeated
them. 6—1. 9—7.
The closest and most Interesting match
1 of the day was the one of Rosenberg and
Hodgklnson, a new team, and the veter
' ans. Collier and Crowell. The teams met
on even terms, and the first set was won
by Rosenberg and Hodgkinson, C — 4. Th<»
second was a stubborn contest, and the
novices one time had a lead of 5 — 3, 40-15,
only to lose Jlhe set to Collier and "Crowell.
10_8. in the third and last set Collier and
Crowell were able to pull out a victory.
7—5. The losers made a preat fight and
gave a clever exhibition of clean-cut and
well delivered strokes. Collier and
Crowell will play Weihe and Adams, both
teams scratch, on New Year's dayl
On New Year's day at 11 o'clock there
will be a single class tournament at the
California Club.
The Alameda and Bellevue clubs will
have an interclub -tournament on the
courts of the Alameda Club. Open sin
gles club doubles and mixed doubles will
probably be the programme of events. The
Bellevue Club will be represented by
Leigh Jones. Sidney Haslett R. 8. Wheel
er E. II. Otis and R. W. Alexander. The
Alameda Club will have for its . repre
eentatlves O. C. Haslett. H. M. Lansber
cer E" A. Younger. George Coftey. R. G.
Hunt, F. B. Bain and C. D. Gresham.
California Club Players Are
Struggling to Carry Off
the Davis Trophv.
- d s^ UGENE GEARY'S Ireland won !
t" first prize in the big 128-dog open
stake yesterday at Union Cours-
in Park by beating P. J. Rellly'n
Honesty in a well contested go.
Ireland by this -victory not only had his
name enrolled by a narrow margin on this
season's list of stake winners but added
double laurels to tho record of Emin
Pasha by beating the get of St. Lawrence,
whose name stands second as a winning
sire.
While the winner of yesterday's stake
worked his way to first place by good go
ing and is deserving of credit fpr his
performances, it was well for him. that
the hare did not stand ionger. When the
game escaped Ireland had about exhaust
ed his chances and Honesty was In gool
6hape to pile up. a. few more points. The
hare, by the way, was, the now celebrated
Gazabo. He seemed to know Just what
was expected of him in a deciding course
and after having given the- dogs a hard
run got far enough ahead of them to
make a safe exit at bis favrrite escape
door.
Emln Pasha closes the season with his
whelps of 1S98— Palo Alto Little Sister,
Reannex, Bona Fide, Lady Granard and
Ireland— annexing stakes which put him
to the fore as a sire of record.
TWO TENNIS
TEAMS NOW
IN TOURNEY
Silver Cloud reached the fifth' round,
where he lost the flag to the stake winner.
His work of late has been of high class
and he Is about' due to have his colors
raised in any stake.
Mose Raptured third place and was un
fortunate through Honesty, his opponent,
being favored decidedly by the hare. H-3
was strong and his chances looked good
for at least one point closer to the hon
ors. Honesty, when Ihe hare broke, took
the turn, followed it out and killed.
James Dean's youngster, "Warco, showed
In good form, winning twice on the short
end. After taking: the decision from Mas
ter Workman and Greenhall, the latter a
& to 3 favorite, Warco by his .cleverness
outworked Palo Alto :n a hard course.
Six to one could be had on his chances.
Strong and willing and showing better on
the hare from stake to stake Warco will
soon be on the list.
Rona, after winning a stiff course in the
second heat, beat Narcissus at 5 to 1.
Favorites held their own, sixteen upsets
being recorded during the day.
Following are the results, with Judge
John Grace's official scores:
Open Stake: second round— H. A. Deckel
man'6 Snapshot beat Pasha Kennels' Risky At
tempt, 2-0; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat J.
Dempsey's Jingle Bells. 4-3; C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud beat Aeneld Kennels' Fine, Fire,
4-1; J. Carroll's Master Claire beat Maher &
Reid's Uncle Fuller, 6-0; E. Geary's Ireland
beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete, 5-3; F. A.
McCombs' Sir Pasha beat C. O. Peterson's Half
Moon, 7-5; J. Carroll's Auckland beat Curtis-*
Sons' "War Eagle. 5-4: R. E. de B. Lopez's War
rigo beat Russell & Allen's First Foot, «-l;
Curtis & Sons' Anchor beat J. Keenan's Lady
Sears, 5-2; E. Geary's Palo Alto beat Captain
Clarkson's Golden Garter. 10-0; J. Dean's Waroo
beat J. Smith's Master Workman, 7-3; Captain
Cane's Greenhall beat J. Dean's Connemara,
0 ' ¦ . ¦ ¦
Opening of a New Track
Will Be the Cause of
the Trouble.
ST. LOUIS. Dec- 30.— Racing will b-s re
sumed at the St. Louis Fair Ground? on
May 11, to continue for ninety days, the
limit fixed by the Mlssouir Breeders' law
for any single track. [ Although the Turf
Congress permits the St. Louis course to
open on April 1, tne State law does not.
It fixes the opening of the season oa April
15, and the close on November 1. Between
April 15 and May 15, when the Fair
Grounds opens, it is considered likely
that Klnlcch Park will have a season of
twenty-three days. If the Tilles-Adler-
Cella syndicate track is completed by the
end of the Fair Grounds season and the
Klnloch people seek to resume at that
time, a fight between it and the syndicate
would undoubtedly result.
The drawing, held yesterday at the
grounds/ resulted as follows:
Open stake, sixty-four entries— H. Lynch's
Lattie M vs. J. McNeil',* Black Hawk; J.
Dean's Warco vs. Curtis & Sons" Cash; Curtis
&. Sons' Psyche, vs. B. M. Kellogg's Ben's
Babe; H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway vs. J.
O'Donnell's The Owl;" P. J. Rellly's The
Grafter vs. J. Dean's Connemara; Russell &
Allen's Faithrul Lad vs. H. Lynch's Lilac; E.
11. Kellogg' s Kid McCoy vh. George Sharman's
Annie Lawrence; J. Dempsey's 'Jingle Bells vs.
Bussell & Allen's Strayaway; J. Hurley's O
K Capitol vs. Pasha Kennels' Random Aim;
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs. R. L. Tay
lor's Beauty Spot; Curtis & Sons' McKinley vs.
P. Rellly's Lady Granard; H. Lynch's Game
Cock vs. T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee; D. J.
Healey's Tapioca vs. D. J. Healey's Narcaslo;
Pasha. Kennels' Risky Attempt vs. J. Button's
Herschel's Pride; P. J. Rellly's Plowboy vs.
F. M. Kellogg's Iowa Boy; Maher & Reid's
Uncle Fuller vs. Sterl & Knowles' For Glory;
P. ReiHy's Cascade vs. Russell & Allen's Scot
land Yet: Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured; Georse Shax
rr-an',6 Black Flush vs. I>. J. Healey's Urania;
George Sharman's Chicago Boy vs. T. Kenny's
May Boy; R. E. de B. Lopez's Werrlbee vs.
Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter: Curtis &
Sons' Rosinante vs. P. J. Rellly's Peter West;
Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells vs. R. E. de
B. Lopez's Warrigal; P. J. Rellly's Royal
Union vs. Thomas McCbol's Fin McCool; Cur
tis & Sons' Echo vs. Aeneld Kennels' Aga
memnon; F. A. McComb's Little Sister vs.
R E. de B. Lopez's Eager: Captain Clarkson's
Headwater vs. P. Jackson's Honor Bright;
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire vs. T. J. Cronin's
Vixen; J. Sutton's Master Lawrence vs. J.
Hurley's Hurricane; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl
vs. Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold: H. A. Deck
elman's Belle Rocket vs. Pasha Kennels' Belle
Claire; T. Tlerney's Lucretfa. Borgia vs. F. A.
McComb's Bona Fide.
TURF WAR
MAY SOON RAGE
AT ST. LOUIS
Nobles Play Ragged Ball
and Fail to Connect
With Perrine.
Plenty of Errors and Hot Much Stick
Work Characterize *Vn» Gome
From the Start to the
Finish.
i e
Koeni gs Q, Nobles 2.
Another victory for the Koenigs In the
midwinter series and an easy one at thai.
It wasn't that J. Shea, was hit unmerci
fully, but his support was so ragged as
to make an ignoble team out of the nom
inated Nobles. Perrine) for the Koenigs
pitched his usual steady game, allowing
but six hits.
The game was won in the first Inning.
Brockhoff started with a three-bagger,
scoring en a wild pitch. Knell's single
put him Into the game and a stolen base
advanced him a peg. An error at third
put Dagar safe at first. Knell scoring
soon after this on J. Bodie' a bit to Broad
hurst, who errored. Eagar scored on Mor
rison's single. This made three runs for
the Koenigs.
In the sixth with a couple having gone
the path that kills, J. Bodie singled and
completed his bag course when Keogan's
fly was muffled. Morrison politely sin
gled to right and Keogun crossed the
rubber. Then there was a lapse of run
getting until the eighth, when J. Bodie
scored again.
In the ninth Barry and Schwartz
stepped on the plate going and coming
and the bellboy rang twice for the Xobles,
the mim of Sunday clangs against six for
th« Koenigs. The score:
KOENIGS.
AB. R. BH. EB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. L t 4 12 0 10 0
Knell, rb 4 1 J 1 « 1 0
J.~s:ar, c 3 10 0(21
D. Bodie. sc 3 0 0 0 1 4.'.*
J. Bodie, Sb 4 2 2 1 8 1~ «
Keoran. lb 1110 7 10
Morrison, r. f 3 0 2 0 1 I U
McGee. c. f 4 0 0 0 I Z 0
Perrine. p » 0 0 0 1 I 0
Totals tl e s I n 14 4
NOBLES.
AB. R. BH. SB.PO. A. E.
"Walters. 1. t 4 0 10 10 1
neaton. c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 2
Bulger, r. t 10 110 0 0
Harry, lb S 1 1 0 13 1 0
Schwartz. 2b 2 1 0 1 S . 2 0
JiroadhurEt, n 4 0 10 0 7 2
D. Shea, c 4 0 10 8 1/9
Kelly. ?b 4 0 0 0 10 2
J. .-¦;.«!!. p t 0 0 • 1 2 0
Totals .81 J C 2 24 U 7
P.UXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Nobles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—2
Ba»e hits 0 I 0 0 0 1 0 1 1—6
Xoenlgs 3 ©000201 •-«
.-:.-...« hits - S 0 10 0 2 12 •— 9
SUMMARY.
Run ressonlsble for— J. Shea. Three-base
hit—Brotlchoff. Two-base kit— J. Bodie. Sacri
fice felt — Eaear. First hasp on errors — Koenirs
6. Noblea 4. First base on called balls — Nobi;*
4. L#ft on bases— Kocnlga 6. Nobles 5. Struck
out— By Perrlne 7, by J. Shea 5. Wild pitch—
Phea. Time cf Earne— 1 hour and 35 minutes.
Umpire— Jack O'Connell. Official eeorer— J. W.
S5ta.I>le?on. . '_
Jerid.
Fifth race— Bangor. Elr Holla, Campus.
Sixth race — Malay. Flush of Gold, Astor.
Probable "Winners.
First race— Dolly Welthoff. Vohicer. Lost Girl.
Second race— Dandy Jim. Bcreenwell Lake.
Rollick.
Third rac; — Silurian, Bard of Avon. Eavlland.
Fourth race— Gibraltar, Alice Dougherty,
Silurian, the Bard of Avon and Other
Fast Ones Will Facs the Bar
rier — Distance Races
Also. .
«
The California Jockey Club will In
augurate a three weeks' season of rac
ing at Oakland track this afternoon. A
nicely balanced card, calling out both the
cprinters and distance horses, is offered
turf goers.
To-morrow tha racing will begin
promptly at 1:45 p. m.
The entries are as follows:
First race— Sir furlongs; tnree-year-olds »ad
upward; selling.
1501 Aluminum IOC 1539 Dolly WeithofT.ir3
.... Lit. Minch Jr.. 103 1516 Matt Ho&an.... 9j
(l«7)Lost Girl 103 1549 Billy Moore — 10O
1497 Vohlcer 107 1530 Pilot 35
(1506) Lomond . 101 1546 G«nua 1C3
1506 Isallno 93 14S6 Blomed 1C2
Second race— Futurity courie: two-y^ar-olds;
selling.
1143 El Kara 33 1483 Mare sa 100
1332 Grafter 10« 14S8 Teaay Bella. ...1CS
O561)Dan<iy Jim 1C3 1561 Kingstelle 100
1480 Quis XI 103 1442 Scr'nwell Lake. r>0
1357 Tola 101 1503 Nellie Forest. ..100
1525 Flatterer 103 1132 Rollick ISO
Third race — Seven furl ones; all ages; purse.
1555 Silurian 73! 1430 Dunfree 79
1565 Dang'ous Maid. 103) 1555 Bard of Avon.. S4
1471 Imp. Bit" dbrim.. 1101 1533 Sea Lion 115
1563 Bathos 1101 1*35 Havilaad 98
14S2 Tony Lepplng.. ».;
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olda and
upward: selling.
1440 Tiburon 103 150« Good Hop* ....«¦
<1516)Jerid 110 (1419)Amasa .- 103
1J49 St. Wood 108 1506 Our Lizzie ....111
(1530)Presttdlgitator 102 153S Gibraltar 112
1528 Al. Dougherty.108 1436 Necklace P3
1551 Herculean 104J 1547 Socialist 10»
Fifth race — One mile and an eighth; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
1535 Campus 10i 1534 Bangor lit
(1490)Essence 93 1556 Koenig 102
1556 Topmast 102 15J6 Sir Roll* 105
. 1531 Specific 105
Sixth race— On« mile; three-year-old* and up
ward; selling.
1560 Flush of Gold. .1031 1565 Sunello 103
1495 Horton 107| 1551 Lamachus 104
14S7 Wyomlns 102 1535 Limelight 103
1563 Grand Sachem. 102 1539 Mocorito 107
1551 Uarda 104! 1517 Astor l^J
1543 Coming Event.. 83| 1543 Malay 1C3
Reopening Day Will Be
Marked by a Card of Pine
Running Events,
FLEET COURSERS AND SWIFT H ARES FURNISH SPORT
POST CALL AT
OAKLAND TRACK
IRELAND, EMIN PASHA'S FAST SON, WINS FIRST PRIZE
IN THE BIG OPEN STAKE AT UNION COURSING PARK
Eugene Geary's Clever Hound Beats P. J. Reilly's Honesty for Final Honors in a Great Event— Warco,
James Dean's Coming Youngster, Outworks Palo Alto, the First Choice.
THE SA2T FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1900. >
MOXDAT, DECEMBER ZL
Sun rises 7:23
Sun sets .............5:01
Moon seta 2:43 a. m.
6
K0ENIGS TAKE
ANOTHER GAME
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Bonlta..:......:
Curacao..
Argo. . .". .T7V. .T.
Wellington....:
.Willamette.'....
Columbia.;'.'....
Peru:..:........
Australia. . :...'.
Prosreso...:..;.
Coronado. ......
City of Peking.
r Arcata:;'..r:.':7.
Pomona. . rv: . : .".
Mexico. :V. .:.v.".
Corona rr " 77VT.
Umatilla. .;.....
Crescent City..
Newport '~ ..:.......'.......]
Mexican Ports:..'.....'..;
CoqulUe 1 River.....
Oyster 'Harbor
Seattle " . . ::. .' .". . .: . .*. : .". V.
Portland '. and ¦ Astoria.'.
Panama; & ". Way Ports.
Tahiti;......'..............
Seattle ¦ : ...:.: .....¦.;..-.•..
San" Pedro* :rr.rrr:'.Trrr;
China' and Japan .TT.T.T.
Coos ' Bay.': : .;¦... .
Humboldt ;V.'; ; .:..'.. : : ;%•.
Mexican : Ports. .r.. ;..."..
Newport *"; 7.7."."; .~. : r. . . r.
Victoria I & Puget Sound
Crescent > City ¦;. .:. ;v. : .*. .
I Dec. SI
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Jan. 1
Jan. 1
Jan. 1
Jan. 1
Jan. l
Jan.\S
Jan. 2
Jan.; >
Steamer. - 1 Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor] Dec. 31, 6 pm Pier 2
Newburgr... Grays Harbor Deo. 21. 5 pm Pier 2
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Jan. ' 1, « pm Pier 13
Eureka..... Ilumboldt Jan. 1, I am Pier U
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 1. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt ... Jan. 1. 9 am Pier 2
Bonlta...... Newport Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay.. Coqullle Rlv.. Jan. 1. 10 am Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor Jan. 1, 5 pm Pier 2
Samoa...... Humboldt ... Jan. 2. 10 am Pier 2
Alameda..... Sydney & Wy Jan. 2, 9 pnrPler 7
Queen San Diego.... Jan. 2, 9 am Pier 11
Excelsior.;. Alas. v. Scat. Jan. 2. 2pm|OilWks
Columbia... AstMa & Ptld Jan. 3. 11 am Pier 21
Arcata .. Coos Bay Jan. 3. 12 m Pier 13
Czarina..... Seat. & Tacm Jan. 3. 5 pm Pier 8
Pomona Humboldt ... Jan. 3. 2 pm Pier 9
Corona. ... . . Newport Jan. 4. 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. Jan. 6. 2 pm Pier 2
Mexico Mexican Pts. Jan."* 5, 12 m Pier 27
Australia. .. Tahiti ........ Jan. 6. 4 pm Pier 7
r^ilf- V C , & * gt Sd JaS: « : " SS «^ : »
Curacao 4 Mexican Pts. Jan. 7. 10 am Pier 11
O Tlma Time Time Ttma
¦ £ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
SLW H TV LW HW
II ... 0:19 1.4 6:54 C.I 2:04 —0.2 g:5< 4 ;
1 ... 1:25 2.7 7:51 6.3 2:57—0.5 10:00 4.<
2 ... 2:20 2.8 8:41 C.4 S:43 —0.9 10:51 4.1
S ... 3:14 2.9 9:31 6.5 4:35—1.0 11:40 4;
i ... 4:04 3.0 10:21 S.5 6:17—1.1
H W . L W H W L W
6... 0:24 5.0 4:54 2.9 11:08 (.3 «:00 — 1.(
6... 1:06 6.1 6:45 2.9J 11:4S «.O 6:40—0.-
Steamer. - 1 Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor] Dec. 31, 6 pm Pier 2
Newburgr... Grays Harbor Deo. 21. 5 pm Pier 2
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Jan. ' 1, « pm Pier 13
Eureka..... Ilumboldt Jan. 1, I am Pier U
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 1. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt ... Jan. 1. 9 am Pier 2
Bonlta...... Newport Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay.. Coqullle Rlv.. Jan. 1. 10 am Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor Jan. 1, 5 pm Pier 2
Samoa...... Humboldt ... Jan. 2. 10 am Pier 2
Alameda..... Sydney & Wy Jan. 2, 9 pnrPler 7
Queen San Diego.... Jan. 2, 9 am Pier 11
Excelsior.;. Alas. v. Scat. Jan. 2. 2pm|OilWks
Columbia... AstMa & Ptld Jan. 3. 11 am Pier 21
Arcata .. Coos Bay Jan. 3. 12 m Pier 13
Czarina..... Seat. & Tacm Jan. 3. 5 pm Pier 8
Pomona Humboldt ... Jan. 3. 2 pm Pier 9
Corona. ... . . Newport Jan. 4. 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. Jan. 6. 2 pm Pier 2
Mexico Mexican Pts. Jan."* 5, 12 m Pier 27
Australia. .. Tahiti ........ Jan. 6. 4 pm Pier 7
r^ilf- V C , & * gt Sd JaS: « : " SS «^ : »
Curacao 4 Mexican Pts. Jan. 7. 10 am Pier 11
O Tlma Time Time Ttma
¦ £ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
SLW H TV LW HW
II ... 0:19 1.4 6:54 C.I 2:04 —0.2 g:5< 4 ;
1 ... 1:25 2.7 7:51 6.3 2:57—0.5 10:00 4.<
2 ... 2:20 2.8 8:41 C.4 S:43 —0.9 10:51 4.1
S ... 3:14 2.9 9:31 6.5 4:35—1.0 11:40 4;
i ... 4:04 3.0 10:21 S.5 6:17—1.1
H W . L W H W L W
6... 0:24 5.0 4:54 2.9 11:08 (.3 «:00 — 1.(
6... 1:06 6.1 6:45 2.9J 11:4S «.O 6:40—0.-
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Bonlta..:......:
Curacao..
Argo. . .". .T7V. .T.
Wellington....:
.Willamette.'....
Columbia.;'.'....
Peru:..:........
Australia. . :...'.
Prosreso...:..;.
Coronado. ......
City of Peking.
r Arcata:;'..r:.':7.
Pomona. . rv: . : .".
Mexico. :V. .:.v.".
Corona rr " 77VT.
Umatilla. .;.....
Crescent City..
Newport '~ ..:.......'.......]
Mexican Ports:..'.....'..;
CoqulUe 1 River.....
Oyster 'Harbor
Seattle " . . ::. .' .". . .: . .*. : .". V.
Portland '. and ¦ Astoria.'.
Panama; & ". Way Ports.
Tahiti;......'..............
Seattle ¦ : ...:.: .....¦.;..-.•..
San" Pedro* :rr.rrr:'.Trrr;
China' and Japan .TT.T.T.
Coos ' Bay.': : .;¦... .
Humboldt ;V.'; ; .:..'.. : : ;%•.
Mexican : Ports. .r.. ;..."..
Newport *"; 7.7."."; .~. : r. . . r.
Victoria I & Puget Sound
Crescent > City ¦;. .:. ;v. : .*. .
I Dec. SI
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
Jan. 1
Jan. 1
Jan. 1
Jan. 1
Jan. l
Jan.\S
Jan. 2
Jan.; >
H»— Do you think it la proper etiquette.
fora gentleman to talc© a lady's arm?
She— No; but he might ask her for hez
hand.— Philadelphia Evenlnj Bulletin.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Minne-
apolis, from London; stmr La Caseosne from
Havre.
Sailed Dec 30—Stmr Anchorla, for Glasgow.Sandbagged and Bobbed
Jsm** Brady, a laborer residing at 611
ptever.fsnn street, was sandbagged and
robbed of $13 at Fifth and Natnma streets
early yesterday morning. He was on his
way to his home from n downtown saloon
when he noticed a man following him.
As he <julck»>ned his pace the man behind
him Ftruck him with a Randbag. When
jjrady recovered consciousness he told his
rxperl^nce to Policeman Eskew. At the
necrlvinc Ho«r»ital he wa« treated for a
damaeca r»r.and a bruised lip.
Jtayor Snow Not a Candidate.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30. — Mayor R. W.
Fnow to-day announced that he would
rot again be » candidate for any office
s.1 the hands of the people of Oakland.
Australian Election.
Australia is to hold her first federal
election this year, and the old party divi
sions of the several colonies do not ex
actly meet the new conditions ushered In
by the consolidation*. For example, fed
eration destroyed the free trade move
ment of New South Wales, for the need
of revenue renders a tariff a matter of
course. The various free trade elements
have accordingly made common caose
with the tariff- for-revenue school, to pre
sent a solid front to the protection advo
cates. Though this is the leading issue
in the Impending election. It will not cut
much of a figure. In time, no doubt, the
federation will call Into existence strong
national parties with well-defined pro
grammes and policies. There Is room for
such under* the 'constitution recently
adopted and ther-scoto* of activity assign
ed to the Federal Government. But -the
first election viJi be somewhat chaotic.—
Chicago Times»-He--»Ul.
GUEST OF BUSS HOUSE
FOUND DEAD IN BOOM
John P. Harrington, - Mining Man,
Dies of Heart Failure Un«x
pectedly. m
John P Harrington, a mining man who
controlled' extensive Interests in that in
dustry in Mexico and also owned much
San Francisco property, was found dead
f nh i;w at the Russ House yesterday
morning when a bellboy went to rouse
Harrington, who was a middle-aged
«.n retired early on Saturday night,
"aving a recurs? that he be called early
in the morning. When the attendant,
after ?ep^ated knocking, failed to re
ceive anTresponce from Harrington, th«
S^r was broken open, and the occupant
rU^^P™ 'rtr&^xs.mVnatloV;
Inowl* hWb. f^^rWody
of I?arrln*rton-s untimely A emtee is
thought to have been heart fal'"™- .
Harrington had made his home at the
hotel anTin Mexico. He was unmarried
and his relatives In the East are distant
ones. He had many friends herjr to whom
the news of bis death will com* aa a
shock. ,
Mayor Snow at the Y. M. C. A.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30. — Mayor R. W.
K iow to-day r«»nd the address written by
Ihf'odnre Roosevelt for' d«*l Ivory before
t ti*> N^w York Young Men's Christian Ar
t-i-i.-iatinn to-day, -which Is ontitled "A
Tv rmleth c#»nturv M^ssag* to the Young
M'n of America." This was followed by
a tea minutes' talk by Rev. K. R. Dille.
CHURCHES CLOSING THE CENTURY.
at this church- Monday " evening begin
ning at 9 o'clock.
Rev. M. H. -Alexander -of.- the Chester
street Methodist Church preached unon
"What Walt I For?" at the evening ser
vice to-nlght. His pulpit wni filled In the
morning by Mrs. S. M. Woodman who
spoke upon "The .Fate of Nations' that
i-orget God."
Rev. S. B. McCormlck filled the nulnlt
of the First Presbyterian Church this
morning, and in evening the Christ
mas musical programme was repeated
Rev. H. W. Frazer preached at the
Brooklyn Presbyterlan'Church this morn
ing upon "A Nineteenth Century-Retro
spect."" going over the work of the clos
ing century.
Rev. -Dwlght. E. Potter of -the Union
street Presbyterian Church closed his se
ries of Sunday evening discourses upon
"The Workingman and the Church" this
evening. They have attracted a great
deal of attention.
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills this morning
repeated his address upon -"The -Wonder
ful Century." which ¦ was originally given
before the Starr. King Fraternity and at
tracted so much attention. '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec. 30.
The end of the century will be observed
by a number of churches on Monday.
There were New Year sermons In most of
the churches to-day, but special 1 services
will be held to-morrow evening in many
places.
The mortgage-burning Jubilee of the
Centennial Presbyterian Church to-morow
evening will be an Interesting one, for
that church will start the new year free
from debt. The ceremony will be very
Interesting.
! There will be special services on Mon
day evening at tne First Baptist Church,
which will be participated In by a number
of prominent divines of all denominations.
The exercises will begin at 9. o'clock and
will last until the new century has
dawned. There will be addresses by Rev.
J. K. McLean, president of the Pacific
Theological Seminary, a Congregatlonallst,
upon "The Urgency of Life. Rev. C. M.
Hill of the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church
will speak upon "The Divine Leadership."
Rev. K. R. Bennett of the Twenty-third
Avenue Baptist Church will speak .upon
"The Present Duty." There will be other
addresses and music, to which all are
invited.
The First Congregational Church will
hold a "sunrise" communion service In the
chapel of the. church on New Year's 'day
at 7:19 o'clock In the morning, the sun
rise time of that day. ¦ t
The First Methou.st Church held its
New Year's services to-day, when the
pastor. Rev. E. R, Dille, delivered New
Year's sermons both morning and even-
Ing. In the evening there was special
music In the shape of a Christmas cantata
entitled "The Word Made, Flesh." render
ed under the direction. of J. M. Robinson.
The subject of Dr. Dillo's morning ; dla-
course was "A Backward t«ook— An Old-
Year Sermon," and in the evening n«
spoke from the topic "At the Threshold
of the New Century." '
The Episcopal churches all repeated
their Christmas music to-day. The music
at St. Paul's was under the direction of
Edwin Dunbar Crandall, choirmaster, and
Artjiur Flekenscher, organist. -¦
At the Church of the Advent Frank H.
Mather of London took charge of the mu
sic and repeated the Christmas service.
Mr. Mather will increase the choir of- this
church to sixty trained voices and will
make the 'musical services' a special.fea
ture. Mr. Mather has a musical reputa
tlon'of great excellence.
Rev. E. R. Bennett preached his last
sermon at the' Twenty-third Avenue Bap
tist Church to-day. He leaves this church
to become general missionary of his de
nomination for California.'
Rev. C. H. Hobart preached two New
Year sermons to-day at the First Baptist
Church. In the morning "Crowning Tri
umphs of the Crowning Century ."¦ and In
the . evening "A Century of Evangelism
and an Outlook." • •.
Rev. C. R. Brooks preached • at the
Tenth-avenue Baptist 1 Church this even-
Ing In exchange with the pastor, Rev.>C.
M. Hill. '
Rev. W. ¦ J. Spears of ¦ Los Angeles
preached at the -. A arket-8treet Congrega
tional-Church this evening.- :
St., John's Episcopal Church, on the cor
ner of Eighth and Grove streets, will hold
services -New Year's T eve. beginning at
11:80- o'clock and lasting Into the new
year. -There will be a long celebration of
the holy eucharlst. ¦'-¦':¦ ¦:.; "; :~.
There. will be a watch-meeting on. Mon
day evening at the First English Luther
an Church, on the corner. of Sixteenth. and
Grove streets. .'. .' *¦ : . "¦.-¦ .
- Rev. A; T.iNeedham; preached, upon"
"The -. Funeral - r\t / the Old v Yea r".V this
morning, at the; Eighth-avenue Methodist
Church. .-There .will be a; watch-meetlnsr
> Sunday School Teacher— Where did the
three wise; men -come* from?
Phil Adelphyji whose -family had only
recently moved to Chicago)— They came
from the east.*
¦ • Sunday School : , Teacher— And why we»<
. thev ' called "wise men"? ¦¦-•
Phil .; -Adelphy— Because. . ma'am, -they
went, back home again.— Philadelphia
Press."
' New Wdttian— I'm going to -lecture on
woman's ¦/-¦¦'. ' ¦ " .
Husband (plaintively)— And what- will
I»do? ->¦¦¦ ¦/¦.-¦¦ ¦..-¦¦. - . :..; ¦¦;>¦¦;
. Nfw.Woman — fWell.'-T- suppose I. might
take, you r along, as ; a : fdghtful" example.—
Detroit Free Press. '
SfifB&giSiE&SSnBSSiSiSSSHBSHiBiBBS^ ¦'.- -.- : - .¦'.-.
SERJfOlTS TO BE
PBEA.CHED JN STORIES
The First Unitarian Church Will Be
gin a Unique Series of Sunday
Services.
OATTLANT>. Dec. 30.— A unique series of
Funday evening penices will be begun at
the First Unitarian Church beginning
wi*h Bunfiay evening. January 6. They
•will be under the auspices of the Unity
Club of that church and wll' be conducted
r.y the Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills. Each
r'nn will be a sermon In a story and based
upon some novel of strong character.
"The Modern Man and the fid Theol
oj»r mi'.l h* the topic for January <>. and
viil have- Janiw Lane Allen's "The Relsrn
of I^ew" as a basis. January 13 Charles
Fredrick Ooss' "T*-.e Redemption of
I>avid Corsf>n" will be the basis and the
topic Is "When He Came to Himself."
The tonlr for th» 20th Is "Do the Churches
Misrepresent Christ?" The book used will
be "The Master Christian." by Marie
CorH!l. January 27 Mrs. J. Humphrey
%Vard's "Eleanor" will be the book chosen
and "Via Crucef, Vis* Luois." the topic.
WATCH MEETIWGS IN
CHURCHES AND HALLS
Bed Cross Society to Offer an Elabo-
rate Programme at Golden
Gate Hall.
Dozmip of watch meeting will be held
to-night to Sfe the birth of the new year
and the new century. The greatest of
these will be the Red Cross meeting at
Golden Gate Hall, where a programme Is
to be rendered that will be in every sense
worthy of the occasion.
Mme. Camllle d'ArvUle-Crellln. with the
graclousness that has always distin
guished her, has consented to sing. The
famous Third Artillery Band will play a
number of selections on the programme
and during the Intermission will play "La
Paloma" and selections from "Martha.'
The choristers of the Good Samaritan
Minion will sing. " rt r »he r pm< - r ' , th . e
violinist: Miss Marie Wilson, the Pianist:
Mrs Walter Fonda. Mrs. Arnold and
other well-known musicians are on the
programme. The reading of the greet
ing« to the Red Cross Society from the
celebrities of Europe will be a feature of
th Me?m32*wlll be he-Id In many of the
churches. Among th-,sc a_special ser
vice will be held at Grace Church, com
mencing at 11:15 o'clock. It will con-
F}«t of a programme of music and an ad
drew bv the rector. After the new year
begins the full choir will sing "Gloria In
Kxcclcis." from Gounod s Messe de
O At h th° i Central Methodist Church' a ser
vice will be held, beginning at 9 o'clock.
Bishop John W. Hamilton will preach the
ieV-mon. Preceding this "watch-night
service" an all-day service of prayer will
b< I»Snt!nral high mass will he celebrated
ot fit Marv'x Cathedral N*ew Year's
morning at 6 n'clrx-k. Mozart's "Twelfth
5J2m" will be- sung by an augmented
choir, accompanied by an orchestra.
T. X. C. A. TO Kt-TKI*
NEW YEAIf S DAY
P-eceptlon and Refreshments in the
Afternoon and Programme in
the Evening
OAKLAND. Dec. SO.— The Young Men's
Christian Association will keep open hoase
on New Tear'ii day and evening and all
are Invited. There will be an Informal re
ception In the afternoon from 1 until 8
o'clock. From 3 until <5 p. m. refreshments
¦yrd be served by the Ladles' Auxiliary.
Xn ti»e errenlsg the following programme
yrd be rendered:
"aoaebed Fiir" (K&cr). Knickerbocker Male
Oratrtet: refcfiisjr. "Death Brifipe of th* T»y"
tOartotoa). Cyrua Brownlee Newton: violin
t^.'i. ~Ttui i*nr»** TCarasate). Bernard Walther;
tenor solo. "M*arlral" (HiitIi), Hert>ert WH-
!:&•£*; faotaoroua •ones. Williwn J. Hyr.es;
; i--.o solo, "JlKtC.a.-. Rhapeodr" (Llezt),
Ko«co* Warren lAity. "Bolero" fGeibe), Knick
erbocker MaJ« Qoartet: r«a4in»;. "Lecture on
*h«> Ormsd C&sroo cf th» Colorado" (Newton).
Crrcm Hro*rBla* Nrrton; b&ss solo, "Thou
Art Bo Till" rP!n*utl). I*. A. Laraen; violin
rt\o. "ZigueaerwelMa fOypty Thoughts)
<Par»BS.t*), Bernird Walther; humoroui selec
tions. William J. HjT)«»; "Dearert Maiden.
Tj*ae» With Me" fToeel). Knickerbocker Male
Quartet.
Shakespeare's company, now known as his
Majesty's servants, returned ta this the
ter. But by this time Shakespeare was al
ready planning to withdraw from the
stage, and he can hardly have aippeaxed
often on its boards.
The Rose and Newington Butts.
Long before this time, however. Shakes
peare had crossed the Thames and tried
his fortune as an actor and playwright In
the theaters of the Bankslde. Of this fa
vorite playground of the Londoners In
Shakespeare's day a word must now be
said.
London In Shakespeare's time was a
long, narrow city drawn out along the,
northern bank of the Thames. The river,
flowing crystal clear, covered with swans
and spanned only by the famous London
bridge, was easily reached by a short
walk from any part of the city, and
served as a public highway and the chief
means of communication between district
and district. The public carriers of the
day were the watermen, as they were
called, an almost Incredible number of
whom, estimated In 1S13 at 40.000. piled
their trade along the stream. Their most
profitable occupation was transporting the
crowds of pleasure-seekers across the
Thames to the Surrey side. That district
was verv dlffernt from the grimy, crowd
ed suburb of to-day. Beyond the little
cluster of houses at the end of London
hridge. known as Southwark. and already
in Shakespeare's day Incorporated with
London proper, a thin line of buildings
ran westward along the> Thames, and th«n
came the gardens and the green fields.
Hither the Londoners nocked on Bandaya
and holidays for a ramble In th* country.
a trial of skill In archery at the butts or
the more exciting sports of ball or bear
baiting. Plays too. were frequent on the.
Surre/ side. Before the suburb pused
under the control of the London antnori
ties they were given In the Inns of Sotrtb
wark. afterward in the taverns of re
moter suburbs, especially those of tit*
strip along the river called th« BaaJc
slde, or the Liberty of the Clink. About
the year 1587 It entered li.to th© mind or
Philip Henslowe. dyer, lumber merchant
and money-lender, to build a playhouse In
this district and thus divert Into Ms own
capacious pockets some of tno goMen
streams that flowed so freely there. For
some reason the building of this theater,
the Rose, seems to have been deferred till
about 1592. but In the meantime Henslow*
had undertaken, perhaps tha construction,
certainly the management, of a theater
not far away, beside' the old archery
ground. Kewlngton Butts. At these two
theaters Shakespeare made bis debut as
a skillful reviser of old plays and an orig
inal author of the highest drawing power.
In 1591 Henslowe seems to have leased his
theater at Xewlngton Butts to Burba**
and his m?n. and here In March of that
year a "King Henry VI." probab.y
Shakespeare's re-vision of an old chronl-"
cle play, was given to crowded houses.
Ten thousand spectators at least are said
to have seen.'ts performance, and when
we consider the very limited capacity o<
the early theaters we can guess how fre
quently this play must have been given.
Some years later we find an entry In
Henslowe's diary of another- play of
Shakespeare's, again apparently a revi
sion of an old favorite, "Titus Andronl
ous." whose performance at Newlnrton
Butts brought In the largest sum received
for a long tim* by the worthy manager.
Among the other plays produced about
this time at one or the other of theae
theaters were a "Lear." a "Hamlet" and
a "Taming of the Shrew"; all three crude
performances enough but of Immense Im
portance to English literature, since they
suggested to Shakespeare the glorious
dramas which now bear those names.
Note — This study, by T. M. Parrott. Fh.
D., will be concluded next Thursday.
plays within the city limits. It was not
altogether a puritanic hatred of art an<l
pleasure that prompted the Mayor and
Aldermen to such a step. The public per
formances of the plavers undoubtedly
drew together the most disorderly ele
ments in the city. Pickpockets riled the;
profession In the crowded vard. courte
sans thronged the galleries and the wild
apprentices of London not Infrequently
stormed the stage itself. Worst of all.
the plague hung like a pall over the city.
Its cause unknown, but Its effects too
terribly seen In the closed houses and«the
swollen death list. And the plague wa«
thought to have an Intimate connection
with the performances of plavs. As a
preacher of the day aptly put It: "The
cause of plagues is sinne; and the cause
of sinne are plays; therefore the cause of
plagues are plays. Quldquld est cauw*
cnusae est causa causati." No doubt In
plague time— and there were five great
epidemics In London, not to speak of
minor attacks during Shakespeare's llfo
— the.conco'jrse of people at the plays con
tributed to the spread of Infection: one
of the first precautions taken on an out
burst of th& pestilence was to suppress
not only plays hut all similar public as
semblies until the death rate had fallen
again below a certati; mark. But the
grave nvxgistrates of the city deMre-1
something more than the mere restriction
of dramatic performances. To nlay In
plague time, they argued. Is to increase
the plague by Infection: io play out or
plague time 1» to draw the plague by of
fending God. Ergo, plays should never b^
performed at all. Hence the order of 137i
prohibiting all public performances of the
drama within the walls of London.
The Theater.
But the pleasure-loving Londoners were
by.no means ready to abandon their fav
orite amusement at the bidding of city
magistrate ¦¦ or Puritan preacher. Plays
they would have. If not within the clty
then just across the line; and an oppor
tunity was soon afforded them of seeJng
plays in a better fashion than ever be
fore. James Burbage. a quick-witted and
versatile man. an actor In Lord Leicest
er's company and the proprietor of a tav
ern and livery stable outside of the city
wall's, conceived the original Idea of build
ing a house which whould be devoted
wholly to popular amusements — tumbling,
rope-dancing, fencing and plays. He se
cured trie lease of a bit of ground opening
on Flnsbury fields, half a mile or <o
north of the city wall, borrowed sufficient
money from his father-in-law, and In 1576
built the "Theater" himself, being, among
his other occupations, a joiner or carpen
ter Here for the first time an admission
fee was charged: the old appeal to th»
liberality of the audience was abandoned
in favor of this surer and more profitable
method. A certain system of profit-sharing
between the owner of the theater on the
one hand and the actors on the other was
adopted along with this innovation. With
our scanty knowledge of details It Is lm
cosslble to define this system exactly, but
we know that all the great Elizabethan
actors made handsome -fortunes — n fact
which could be predicated of no Elizabeth
an poet as such. •
In Burbage'a company, variously known
as Lord- Leicester's. Lord Strange's and
the Lord Chamberlain's men, we find to
ward the close, of 1594 the name lot William
Shakespeare. /His mode of entrance to the
company is probably explained by the old
tradition that he began life In London by
holding horses In front of a theater.
Shakespeare must have ridden up to Lon
don, and his first step on arriving at the
city would have been to sell his horse. He
may very well have disposed of It to Bur
bage the Inn keeper and. liveryman, and.
when the money was spent, have accepted
an offer. from Burbage. In his capacity of
theater-owner, to look after the horses on
which the gentleman patrons of his play
house rode through the fields to Its dOor.
The step from holding horses without to
waiting on actors within was H?robably
soon made. Shakespeare's gentle man
ner* ready *it and adaptability must
soon' have attracted their notice. He
joined the company.' tradition tells us. as
a "servitor." perhaps a prompter's attend
ant or call-boy; -but wtthin a few years
we find him a leading member of the com
pany playing with Richard Burbage. son
of James and the greatest tragedian of his ,
dav and" Kemp, the famous clown, before
Que'en Elizabeth, at -Greenwich. Some at
least of Shakespeare's. early plays must
have been brought out at the Theater, but
we have no record of the fact. Two plays
we know were given there that must have
been- of great Interest to him— the old
"Hamlet," on which 'he was to found the
most wonderful of all tragedies, snd the
superb play of "Dr. Faustus" by Shakes
peare's predecessor and master in tragedy,
Christopher Marlowe. gBjMa
Close to the -Theater stood the Curtain,
the second of the English theaters. It is
mentloned : as 'early as 1577. but when or
by whom it was built we do not know.
Shakespeare's company acted here aa
PASADENA AJETEB A PASTOR.
The T&v. Charles H. Hobart of Oak-
land Bsceives Call Prom South.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec 30.
Tti- First c Ba.ptltt Church of Pasadena
i<-,-riay «-.Ttende<I a unanimous call to the
I?pv. Charles H. Hobart of the First Bap
t!?t Church cf Oakland to become pastor
of the Pasadena flock,
TJif Rev. Mr. Hobart said to-night:
"At this time I- do not care to eay any
thing except that I have lecelved a call
to th^ pastorate of the First Church at
K-jt-ar'.erja. The call I now have under
consideration. Whether I shall accept
or inject it 1p a matter for future d>
vrnih-.ation. At this time I axa not pre
5*rod to make public anything further
' Bcerning the call. My decision will be
{riven out in due time."
T!;c announcement that Dr. Hobart h&a
even !r, vi*>w a possible retirement from
ffce pulpit hf ha? occupied for nearly four
• • ¦ • -•ar* wiil he a f:;rprtsft to his nax-
Ishtooers' and h's congregation, which
} -..Ms him In the highest esteem. Dr. Ho
l-art has a very high place among the
rietjfymen of this city. Ho Is a gifted
j ulplt orator, and stands as on© of the
kadeni fr, the religious activity of Ouk
!~r:d. His church is the largest of the
I^aptSst denomination In this section. Be
«''U-F th*> church work. Dr. Hobart has
; 'v.sys Taken a lively Interest In the Cal
if <rnia College cf this city, an Institution
<--nducted by the denomination of which
hf is a representative/.
myself to appeal to ' his children to
have them - join heart and soul
In sustaining and supporting this Institu
tion,which Is so deserving of support from
the Israelites of Oakland. I trust my few
words will have effect, and that Rabbi
Friedlander will be able shortly to report
to me that there has been a material gain
In membership and spirituality. .
"There has been no such wondrous
epoch ae ours of to-day. Illiteracy, bigot
ry and fanaticism flee in dismay before
us, and our people are better, purer and
more progressive. A more tolerant religi
ous spirit Is manifesting Itself among the
people. We should render praise to God
that we live in freedom and In so glorious
a land, where religion, commerce and
education are marking time together in
the closing hours of the nineteenth cen
tury. ' "*
"The knowledge of how to work in the
name of God for the good of man is the
ideal of the religion of the future. It Is
not a new aim or object. It has been the
purpose of Judaism all through the cen
turies." When the people understand It
they will blot out injustice. Intolerance
and Iniquity. Judaism will be In the fore
most rank. It will be the religion of the
world. It Is in harmony with science
preaching the oneness of universal law.
Have we not all one father?.' Has not one
God created us all? Fear God, obey his
commandments — that Is all the duty left
to man. That is my ideal of the religion
of the future." .
An Admonition.
"Keep in mind the -purity and holiness
"The Need of the Hour."
Miss Gretchen "Bennett tariff Mendels-
Fohn's aria, "O, Rest In the Lord." Rabbi
William H. Greenburg of Sacramento de
livered an address on "The Need of the
Hour." Ho said:
"If Judaism 53 to live It must be forever
undergoing change. The reform movement
In the Jewish church must be registered
as an epoch, and if Judaism has a mes
sage and a mission It v<\\ be consum
mated by the united action of the re
formed Jews wherever the blessings of
freedom and liberty prevail. The cultiva
tion in our daily life of simplicity Is es
sential. Too great a proportion of our co
religionists are giilded by no other
thoughts than those of gain and desires
for pleasure. Jewish family, life lacks the
beauty and simple character of those that
went before u*. Our Ideals are sinking
Into decay, and we must unite and give
Ptrength to the faith that Is ours from the
centuries of old."
"Israfrl" (Klng> was rendered bv Clem
ent Rowlands. Then Rabbi Jacob Voor
panger of the Temple Emanu-EI, San
Francisco, preached the sermon, from
Exodus, 3clll:13. He said:
"All cerrmonlal is dry rot unless the
rabbi teaches his congregation the Illu
minating strength of the symbol. The
Ideals of Judaism are not straw men, to
be threshed out In the pulpit; they are not
distant on the mountain tops; they are
not worth a snap of your finger unless
they begin among men and women right
here under them. I will not glorify the
achievements of the twentieth century un
less they begin here to-day. Never mind
about patting each other on the back
over Ideals. They have no value in the
orthodox or the liberal point of view un
less that polnt'of view Is among us now.
Dpople of the First Hebrew congregation,
you must resolve that there Is something
In Judaism to keep, or let us dissolve and
adjourn.
"It Is the fault of the Jews themselves.
They have been glorifying the future and
'forgetting the needs of the hour. We can
not discharge all of the duties of religion,
but we each can do something. Let re
ligion be the sign manual of your own
hands. Do not rely on preachers, for
pome preachers haven't much religion. Do
not rely upon the ghosts of your grand
fathers, for they have been -dead a long
while; and do not rely upon poetic ideals
about the future. 1
of the Jewish faith, and let the youth
come to worship in the synaposfue In the
faith of old. Remember that the true re
ligion is that which brings all of us Into
touch with Almighty God. whether It be
in synagogue or in the daily walks of
life."
With musical Interludes Rabbi Fried
lander delivered the memorial address.
Rabbi Levy the closing prayer and the
benediction was pronounced by Rabbi
Friedlander.
Following are the officers, members,
committees and auxllfary organizations of
the congregation:
Officers— President, Sol Kahn; vice president,
Julius Abrahamson Abe Jonas; sec
retary, E. Bernstein.
Directors— Jacob Rosenberg, Nathan Rosen
berg, Max Mareuse, Davs Maijnes, George Sam
uels, George. M(>sbacher.
Rabbi— Rev. Dr. M. Friedlander: assistant
reaier,' E. Bernstein: sexton, D. Barnett..
Committees: Flnance^ — George Samuels (chair
man). Max Mareuse, George Mosbacher. Cem*
tery—Goorge Mosbacher (chairman). A. Jonas,
Gforge Samuels. Choir— Max Mareuse (chair
man). A. Jonas. George Mosbacher. Sabbath
pchool—T>. Mapin (chairman). N. Rosenberg.
J. Rosenberg, Mrs. A. Alexander. Mrs. Max
Mareuse, Mrs. Hugo Abrahamson. Mrs. Henry
Kahn. Library— Julius Abrahamson (chair
man). Max Marcufe, N.' Rosenberg.
Past presidents — I&a&c Alexander, 1S75: Jacob
Letter. 1S76-1ST9: Aaron Cerf. 1S80: M. H. Cof
fee. 1WMRSI: P»vH S.- Hlrschbf-rg. 1SS2-1SS3
and 1X94-1S95; J. M. Cohn, 1884: Abraham Jonas,
1S85-18S8: Jacob Greenhood. 18S9-1891; Joseph
Harris. 1S92-W3; Julius Abrahamson. 1895-1S96;
Jacob Rosenberg. . 1S97-1S99.
Sabbath school— Superintendent. Rabbi M.
Friedlander: teachers— E. Bernstein, Miss Mae
Cohn. Miss Lucie. Pere*. Miss Ella Rosenberg,
Miss Emma Danlelowltx, Miss Eva Magnes;
fiost-fcraduate class. Rabbi M. Friedlander;
librarian, M>rwln Samuels; assistant librarian.
Miss Josephine Rosenberg: library directors —
Mrs. A. Alexander. Mrs. Max Marcuse.
Choli — Organist. William B. Kin?: sopranos —
Miss Mary Chester Williams, Mrs. Martin
Schultz; contraltos— Mrs. Carroll Nicholson,
Miss Greichen Bennett; tenors— Harry Taylor.
II.- A. Redfteld; bassos— Clement Rowlands, H.
A: Melvln.
Orchestra— Director. William J. McCoy: first
violins — Miss Ida F. Fox, H. Peekamp: second
violins— William Rickey. Roland Oliver; viola,
Kueene Colby: flute. Louis BurrU: cornet. B.
P. Kent: 'cello. James Coleman; clarinet.
Howard, Baxter: trombone. O. F. Mllner.
Affiliated Societies.
Daughters of Israel . Relief Society —
President,. Mrs. M. H. Coffee; treasurer.
Mrs. H. Barrett; recording secretary. Mrs.
H. Marks; financial secretary.'- Mrs. D.
Magnes: trustees. Mr». n. Hlrschberg, Mrs. E.
Bernstein. Mrs. M. Scharman. Mrs. M. Sam
son. ."¦"¦'¦•"-•.¦• • .
Ladle*' Auxlliary-Pr*oldent. Mr*. A. Alex
ander: vice president. Mrs. GeorKO Samuel*;
treasurer. Mrs..J. Rosenberg; recording secre
tnry, Mrs. K. Schwartzbaum: financial eecre
tarv. Mrs. 8. Eleaser.
Woman's Council— President. Mr*. .Max M«r
ru?e; treasurer. Mrs. A. Alexander; secretary.
Mins Alice Perei*: leader. Miss Eetber Frank.
Sowing School— Directors, Mrs. J. Letter. Mrs.
D. Macnes.
. Celebration committee — Sol Kahn. Julius
Abrahamson. Jacob Roswiber*. Rabbi M. Fried
lander. Decoration committee— Mrs. A. Alex
ander,. Mn«. M. Cohen. Mr*. George Samuels,
Mm. H. Hoffman, Mrs. E. Sohwartzbaum.
Tshers — Fred Kahn, Isaac TobrlnRer. Bert
Llnsner. Henry Ussner. Fred Bernstein. Leo
pold I>evy. Member* of congregation — ,iul.
Abrahamson, Huko Abrahamnon. . H»nry Abra
hamcon. ¦ A. Alexander. A. E. Alexander, P.
Boas. I. Blagolosky. Isaac Bernstein. Jacob
Bauml. M. H. Coffee.. Jut. Coleman. Jul. Conn.
S. A. Cohn. Isidore Conn. Sam Elease.r. S. Fischel.
Aaron Fibush. Jacob Flbu.«h. Max Oreenhood. H.
Ooodman. Oarny Ooldberir. D. P. Hlrshbenr.
Alex Hlrehbers. H. A. Hoffman. S. M. Harris.
Abr. Jonas, Marcus Jonas. Aaron Jacobs*. Pol
Kahn. Henry Kahn, Fred Kahn. Jacob Klrnh
ner. Meyer I>*vy. T^eopold Levy, IWt Uasner.
Mrs. H. Letter. Max Mnrcuse. Georce Mm
bacher. D. Mairn*". Mrs. Harriet Marks. George
Newman. Jacob Pantosky, Nathan ¦ Rosenberg,
Jamb Rosenbere. Morris Rosenberg, Charles
Rosenberg. Simon Rlnftolsky, M. M. Samson,"
Albert Pallnrer. George Samuels, gam Sam
uel?.. S. Stlberber*. M. Scheellne, Kll Pchwarti
haum. Jacob i-ilberstetn.- Mrs. M. Scharmart.
Meyer Steinberg. . Henry Trasrer. Mrs. Van
Mourlck. A. N. Wachs, M. Welnsteln. AVtl
llam Wolfflohn.
THE TWO UPPER PICTURES ARE OF THE FIRST AND PRESENT
PASTORS RESPECTIVELY OF THE FIRST HEBREW CONGREGA
TION OF OAKLAND. "vt : 'v; ," ' '^ a •
OAKLAND, Dec. 30.— Amid a syna
gogue's brilliant decorations the
songs of Israel and the eloquent
words of learned rabbis mingled
to-day in celebration of the First
Hebrew Congregation's twenty-fifth anni
versary. The silver jubilee of the pioneer
Jewish church of Oakland was attended
with ceremonial and worship that called
out the attendance of hundreds of fol
lowers of the faith. The congregation's
ample and elaborate arrangements for
the festival were marked by the superb
programme of music that • vied w".th the
strong appeals from the rabbis to awaken
and quicken the hearers In their adher-.
ence to the faith of their fatherSV
The exercises were begun promptly at
2 o'clock this afternoon. The synagogue,
with its symbolical lights glowing from
masses of ferns and evergreens and glis
tening upon the golden fringed adorn
ments of altar and candelabra, was a
beautiful picture of religious setting.
With Mendelssohn's orchestral "March
of the Priests" (Athalie) for accompani
ment the rabbis and the church officials
took their places at the altar. Then the
greeting of choir, organ and orchestra In
Psalm cxviii. was rendered. After that
came the invocation by Rabbi Isidor My
ers of San Francisco. James Coleman
gave a 'cello solo and a solemn Mincha
service was read by E. Bernstein, the ven
erable secretary of the congregation.
Bpohr's Forty-second Psalm was
chanted by the choir with Miss Mary
Chester Williams as soloist.
Rabbi Nieto's Greeting.
Rabbi Jacob Nieto of Congregation
Sherith Israel. San Francisco, in his greet
ing from sister congregations said:
"It seems fit and proper that I should
be selected to greet this congregation on
this auspicious occasion, because a for
mer rabbi of Congregation Sherith Israel
was the one that consecrated this syna
gogue to God, and Sherith Israel was the
first to offer assistance and to hold out
Its hands twenty-five years ago to the
struggling men of the faith who founded
this synagogue. This congregation is to
be congratulated upon its growth,
progress made despite the small
population and desplts little fac
tional differences and despite its uphill
traveling this quarter of a century. If
sister congregations greet you they have
reason to be proud that your members
have been true to the faith. Oakland has
been an example in a great many ways
for other congregations. In greeting you
to-day I say look well to the future gen
erations, strengthen the youth In the
faith, that it may not be one of the lips
alone, but that actions as well may carry
the name of Jew proudly forward In the
vanguard of progress."
Handel's "Hallelujah Chorus" was sung
by the choir, and Rabbi M. Friedlander;
pastor of the First Hebrew Congregation,
gave a brief history of the organization
during Its twenty-five years of life. He
paid that men in Judaism, like Nathan
Rosenberg, Jacob Letter, Rabbi Levy,
David S. Hlrechberg, Abraham Jonas,
Max Mareuse. Sol Kahn, George Samuels,
George Mersbacher, E. Bernstein, Jacob
Rosenberg and many others, had been the
firm supporters and upbuilders of the con
gregation. He dwelt upon the differences
and troubles which arose about the
adoption of the reformed ritual, and de
clared that the story of twenty-five years
was the story of a struggle.
Continuing Rabbi Frledlander said:
"We want a presentable position in the
community. We want in the service of
God all the brothers of our faith.- We
cannot have these unless we? are united.
If that be accomplished we shall stand as
one of the leading congregations of the
country. The great need !s to fill the
membership roll of our congregation. The
reason you have not orthodoxy is because
the -women want to dress and be among
the people of to-day, that our men want
to live, that wo want culture. Influence
and education. How long are we to mourn
over the old forms and symbols, when
we should be bringing the young genera
tion into our congregation? Do not look
at the past and say we are going down
ward. Our mission at the beginning of
the new century is to build, so that our
children and our children's children shall
be of us and with us."
First Pastor's Kind Words.
A/ter an interlude, "Alma Virgo"
(Hummel), sung by Miss Mary Chester
Williams, with full choir, organ and ori
chestral accompaniment. Rabbi M. S.
Levy of Ban Francisco, first pastor of the
church, delivered an address upon "The
Religion of the Future." He said:
VIn listening to the appeal of your
rabbi, who has wen fit to designate m<s
as the father of this congregation. I feel
that none could have a better right than
XX.
When Shakespeare came to London in
15S6 he found the first regular theaters,
or, as the Elizabeth-ins called them,
playhouses, already established. Com
panies of professional actors, Indeed, had
been in existence for over a century.
Richard III, while Duke of Gloster. i=»
known to have had a troupe' of actors in
his play; his successor had two distinct
companies, and with *he beginning of the
sixteenth 'century it became common 'or
noble natrons' of art and letters to lend
the authority of their names to fellow
ships of players and thus rescue them
from the 'clutches of the law, which
threatened unlicensed players with flog
ging and imprisonment as "sturdy rogues
and vagabonds." For a long time, how
ever, these companies were content to
confine themselves to performances 'n
private houses and to such public shows
as could be given in the courtyard of an
inn. Indeed, the court of the old English
inn, with Its paved yard open to the sky
and its surrounding galleries, was the
first home of the popuiar romantic drama
and the model of the earliest English
theaters.
It was not only on their travels through
the provinces that the actors made use of
these Inn courtyards. Even in London
as late as 1575 all public dramatic perform
ances appear to have been given Jn such
places, and the names of several of these
inns have been preserved for us — the Crois*
Keys in Gracious street, the Bull in Blsh
opgate street and the Bell Savage on Lud
gate Hill. But in that year the growing
hostility of the municipal authorities
came. to a head In an order forbidding all
well as at the Theater: and here his first
original tragedy, "Romeo and Juliet."
came out and took the town by storm.
Here at Shakespeare's intercession Ben
Jonson's first comedy of manners. "Every
Man In His Humor." was produced, and
It was here, probably, rather than at the
Globe, as is usually stated, that Shakes
peare crowned his "Histories" with ttte
heroic play of "Henry V." apologizing to
the spectators for his boldness In dar
ing to bring forth so-great an object "on
this unworthy scaffold."
Blackfriars Theater.
There was yet another theater In Lon
don at which Shakespeare played and In
which he had a certain financial interest.
This was the Blackfralrs Theater. It
seems to have been built by Burbaxa
about the year 1598. when his lease of the
ground on which the Theater stofid was
threatened. His establishment of a new
playhouse on the northern bank of the
Thames in the center of a most aristo
cratic quarter was at once at anchor to
windward and a thorn In the side of his
enemies, the civic authorities. For al
though the Blackfriars district lay within
the walls of London, it was a "Liberty."
preserving from the time when It had
been the domain of a great monastery a
certain Independence of the city govern
ment. The playhouse erected there by
Burbage was soon leased out to a chil
dren's company, composed of the boys
who sang in the Royal Chapel, and it
soon became the most fashionable the
ater in London. It is spoken of as a pri
vate theater, and was smaller but more
commodious than the large public play
houses: completely roofed over, with seats
in the pit and on the stage, as well as
In the galleries and in the "rooms," or
boxes. The bitter attack In "Hamlet" on
the aerie pf children shows. how* the older
company to which the poet belonged re
sented the sudden popularity of these Ju
venile performances. In ths year 1810
THEATERS OF SHAKESPEARE'S TIME.
j[ V,> Copyright, '1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THIRTY SH/*KESF»E/*RE EVENINGS,
First Hebrew Congregation Listens to Songs of Israel and
Eloquent Words of Rabbis.
CELEBRATE THEIR SILVER
JUBILEE WITH GREAT POMP
XMscharg^d Soldier Causes a Turmoil
Which Involves Rival Clothing
Establishments and a Zeal
ous Officer.
A discharged soldier's unpaid debt for
clothing and the attempt of the creditor to
collect by the aid of the strong arm of
the law has started a controversy which
may result in the arrest of the limb of
the law itself. F. I,. Heywood of 119
Ninth street declares ho will swear to a
complaint to-day charging Deputy Sheriff
Felix Ducan with disturbing the peace,
using profane language, or some such of
fense.
The soldier who was the object of the
pursuit of one clothing establishment and
of the solicitous protection of another is
C. A. Chapman, a guileless Tennesseean
who served with the Fourth Tennessee
Infantry, U. S. V., in Cuba during the
Spanish-American war and afterward
joined the Forty-seventh Volunteer In
fantry and was sent U> the Philippines.
He reached the rank of sergeant in Com
pany H of that regiment. Lately he was
returned to the Presidio. und last
Wednesday he was discharged.
Along with his discharge papers Chap
man received $159 92 in back pay, clothing
allowance balance and travel allowance.
For three days the discharged soldier
busied himself paying debts that he had
been able to contract on the strength of
giving two prices for the goods purchased.
Saturday night when he fell afoul of the
law as represented by Felix Dutran,
deputy Sheriff, he had just $2 50 left of the
$159 P2. Hi? arrest was due to his light
hearted, Filipino way of answering
"Manana" to the repeated attempts of one
creditor to collect $52 50 due for goods
purchased.
Chapman admits that he bought cloth
ing to that amount of Brick & Co.. a firm
of soldiers' outfitters doing business on
Greenwich street. He also admits that
one of the firm was on watch for him at
the foot of the elevator in the Phelan
building Wednesday when he came down
from the paymaster's office with $159 92
jingling in his pocket.
"I told him," Chapman said last.nlght.
"that I would come out and pay the bill.
He wanted me to go right along with him,
but I told him I didn't need a guide.
Then Friday 1 found that they were
watching me for fear I was going to leave
for Tennessee without paying them, and
I decided to let them get the money as
best they could."
"They got the money." and their way
was a rather good way so far as effec
tiveness was concerned, though the forms
of the law were somewhat strained.
Chapman has a friend In F. L. Heywood.
who Is an outside salesman for the Golden
Gate Tailoring Company. Heywood Bays
that Chapman did him many good turns
during his business dealings with the sol
diers. Heywood was dining the hero of
two wars at his home, 119 Ninth street,
Saturday night, when the deputy Sheriff
and an ex-soldler named Thompson, who
is working for Brick & Co., pushed the
door open and entered, and after some
words between Dugan and Heywood,
Chapman was arrested on a warrant
charging him with embezzlement. The
deputy Sheriff took him to the police sta
tion at the City Hall, and then started
with him on a hunt for a Justice of the
Peace to fix ball. Justice of the Peace
Dunne was not at home, but Justice of the
Peace Cook was, and he accommodatingly
fixed cash bail at (100.
- Heywood started out to t»*cure that
amount, but finally loaned Chapman J45.
and the latter added to it his J2 50 and
paid over the $47 BO and was given a re
ceipt In full and released . from custody.
"Dugan forced his way Into my rooms,"
Heywood said last night, "without any
explanation of "his being- an officer or hav
ing a warrant. He said he had come for
Chapman and was going to have him.
and he emphasized what he said with
oaths. I told him my wife was present
and I would not allow him to Insult her.
I ordered him to show his authority or
get out, and was going to put him out
when my wife interfered, and Chapman
said he would go along. Dugan had no
right to come into my house after dark
to serve the warrant, and his behavior
was most Insulting. I shall certainly
Fwear to a complaint in the morning and
cause his arrest.
"Dugan and Thompson both kept urging
Chapman to raise the money in some
way, so that he would not have to go
to JalL Finally I agreed to let him have
$45, and he has telegraphed to friends In
Tennessee for money."
Deputy Sheriff Dugan denies that ha
used profane language In the Heywood
home. He asserts that he trampled on
no one's rights In the discharge of his
duty, and that he will have no trouble
in proving his innocence if he shall be
arrested. ' * i: t; ' ' '
Clothing Salesman Threat
ens the Deputy Sheriff
With Arrest.
SEEKS REVENGE
ON FELIX DUGAN
OAKLAND LOSES
ONE TAX SUIT
Supreme Court Holds That
an Increase Was
Illegal
First Final Decision From the Su
, prenie Court Upon a I/ong Line
\ of Railroad Tax
Suits.
\ Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Uroadway. Dec. 30.
Thn- city of Oakland has finally lost the
Srst fof a series of railroad tax suits that
havo\bff>n on a snaill'ke progress through
thp courts for half a dozen years. Th^
:;rst Oectaloa that has tome from the Su
preme/ Court is in ihe case of the rail
road raise that wa« nude in ISM when the
upsoFPnfcent upon the Central and South
era Pacific Railroad companies was near
ly fioublVd under the then existing anii
reilroad sentiment.
In thav year the railroad was in deeo
trouble. The water front seizure had
fust been made, ordinances were before
the Council reg-ulating the speed of the
trains running througa the city, taking
:h© p&.tes off the local trains, putting flag
men en all street crossing, and when it
c-ame to the taxes of jUie corporation the
City Council, sitting as a Board oi Equal
ization, raised the assessment of the rail
road a considerable figure over the return
na4f by the County Assessor.
The speed onUnance was modified and Is
now in force as modified. Mayer Pardee
vetoed the ordinance removing the gates
from the local trains. Flagmen were or
dered on the important crossings and they
have been cf great benefit to the travel
ing public and have prevented many an
accident. The water f*ont suits have not
yet been finally settled as to street open
ln». though practically settled as to the
rrenerai title of the wa.ter front lands.
Now the emit over the taxes of the cor
poration has been settled by the Suprem-
Court. The corporation pleaded that the
method of procedure laid down by the
itw iiad cot been followed by tfce Board
cf Exroa21«atlon In making the increase.
Instead of dtlnjr the railroad properly
and taking testimony upon the value of
the property the Supreme Court holds
th*t the !ncre&«e was made arbitrarily
asd without the proper process and test!
ewny. -. , ¦
The raflroaA Mid Ita taxes ux>on the
-undisputed portion of the taxes levied
¦^•pon the valuation made by the County
JK **essor.
There are etni other «nits pending upon
the validity of the assessments upon the
Seventh-street local, itnd many other dif
ferent disputed Questions. Some of these
fcr* before the Sus>re.me Court and some
THE SAN fRANClSCO CALL.; MONDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1900.
The Hope Theater in 1647.
The Curtain. ;
7
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
The Philippine Islands are already cov-
ered with a fairly complete telegraphic
system. Under Spanish rul» this probably
would not have nappened In 1000 year*.
jr^rttt Enthusiastic Golfer— I say, will
ynu play another round with me on
T Se'cond > Enthusiastic Colfer-W*H. I'm
kooked to he marrfed on that day— but i:
c&s be postponed.— Punch.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONOAYv DECEMBER 31^ 1900.
8
BUSINESS CHAXCES CONTINUED.
PARTNER wanted in ' wholesale fruit and j
produce business; well established; splendid,
opportunity' to right party ; capital required,
$3000 to $4000. Apply P. O. box Wl, Sacra-
mento, Cal. ¦
WANTED— A good man with $500 or $1000 cap-
ital to buy livery stable !n a first-class coun-
try town; cheap rent. Particulars at 4$
Eighth st. . .' .
FOR SALE — Cheap: restaurant and chop house;
retiring on account of death ; : must sell this
week; best location; low rent. Box 811, Call. •
|KK>— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent: loca-
tion perfect: cigars, stationery, notions. Wait- •
Ing-room, 23d-ave. station. East Oakland. i
PARTY with $1W*» to take % Interest and man- .
element of good paying established business: \
fullest investigation invited. Box 843. Call. J
FOR sale cheap — Candy store and factory; }
cause of sale. eickne«s. all Larkln st. 1
RESTAURANT; bargain; paying business; .
cheap rent; good location. 269 Hayes St.
. SALOON for sale. 23 East Bt.
J3S0— HALF interest in splendid Job printing ]
offlce; good trade. 402 McAllister st. .
BAKERY to let. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero;
established six years; good corner: rent cheap. "
' $3« WINS S300 per month at races: references
! given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
EAKERY— Beet location In the city; flne Ktore .
trade. Address Box SS'l. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and .
cubecrlptlons has been established at 10M «
Valencia tt.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALES.
MONET loaned on lodging-houses, 1H P. c; ;
anything you want in lodging-houses; e'mpls:
6 rooms on Turk st rent $27. .Price... $S0O
i 7 rooms on Larkln st rent S40.. Price... 1*50
I 10 rooms on Taylor st rent $40. .Price... $550
12 rooms on O'Farrell st. .rent $50.. Price... $550 •
I J! rooms on Mason st rent $35. .Price.;. $350 <
I 15 rooms on O'Farrell st..rent $65. .Price... $750
It rooms on Turk st rent J6S.. Price... $800
1» rooms on Howard St.. ..rent $23. .Price... $760
17 rooms on Taylor st rent $S0.. Price. ..$147&
IS rooms on Taylor st rent $75. .Price... $1250
« rooms en Leav. st rent S125.. Price.. .$1900
J7 rooms on Powell 6t.:..rent $175. .Price,. .$1900
44 rooms on Market St.. '.rent $175. .Prifce... $2400
More money wanted to loan on lodging-
houses on 1-3 value at 1 per cent up;
»rilt-e<lge security: no expense to lender.
j For quick pales list your houses with A. L. .
I WILLEY, S16 Market St.: phone Black 5215.^
I MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market: by Call bldg.
j 10 rooms, new fur.: new carpets: furnished 3
' months: rent $27 50: best residence part $1000 1
11 rooms; rent ?40; good carpets; good fur.; !
good location; owner leaving city $550 1
I 79 rooms; respectable; clears J1S0 to $l?O..$26OO
14 rooms; rent $E5: good location; can be
bought cheap enough to b? refurnished.
15 rooms; respectable; rent 165: residence.. $1000
24 rooms;' good rur; good carpets; best loca- ,
t tlon; clears $133 per month; extra $2000
I 40 rooms; elegant: rent $150; fine $4i00
! C2 rooms; rent $135; good; pays well $3000
: (0 ROOMS; newly furnished: rent $1S0 $3000
) 4S rooms; apartment; rent $120: price 3000
! Si rooms; money-maker; near Market.... 1900
12 rooms; Market; good location 1000
I JO rooms; Van Nees; finely furn.; extra... 950
I 18 rooms; Eddy; just cut: only 950
! 23 rooms; Market; elegantly furnished... 1950 .
I }i rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 50 900
I 10 rooms. $150; 10 rooms, quick 350 •
> 10 rooms; detached: handsome yard, with i ,
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month: clears $100 month; epe-
dal snap. FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 103« Market.
17 rooms; cheap rent? only $«50
j 21 rooms; rent $60; must sell 1000 j
j fS rooms; part cash TOO j
46 rooms; corner: rent $60 1100
I 190 rooms; men only; see it 1000 j
I J7-ROOM boarding-house; north of Market. j
12 rooms; on Eddy st. *
j 21 rooms; on Kearny st.
See large list of many other bargains at offlce.
EMERY & CO., 3 Eddy St.. rooms 1 and 2.
• BOARDING '& lodging- house: 40 rooms; doing
' tine bar trade: cheap; sold on account of slck-
! ness. PATTERSON. 11 City Hall square.
1 $1100—60 ROOMS; flne location: well furnished;
j all rented^ low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
, . SPIRITUALISM. !
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world renowned spirit- j
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law- j
cults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
rrinins a specialty; clrs. Sun.. Wed.. Frl.ev's.
come and be convinced. Permanently located
E13 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
J JOHN SLATER; circle to-night, 8:15 sharp;
I 1S09 Stockton, near Greenwich; sittings 10 to
4; to-day only.
I EARLE, 305 Taylor fit., corner Ellis— Sittings
'¦ dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
i MME. MAJORS, gifted epiritual medium,
; healer and card reader. 146 Eddy Bt.
¦ FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
1 Meyer, sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
; MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
( life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1161 O'Farrell.
C Mayo-Steers. 112H Oak. trance medium;
resdir.— *. $1: hours . 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard £27.
CLAIRX'OYAXTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Market
Ft., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
2«; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Bend stamp for pamphlet
1 with special termt. Daily and Sunday.
j THE Quaker medium, clairvoyant and palmist;
] 15 years experience; her knowledge of the un-
j seen forces is invaluable to professional and
1 business men. to wlvss and lovers; follow her
I advice and you will make no mlttak?. 1104
t Market St., corner Mftson, room 28.
j A — Mrs. Dr. Saylor. Queen of clairvoyants and
i palmists: Important advice on mining specula- j
Uon. business, law; evil influence removed; •
fee tOc.mall $L 1611% Market, opp. Van Nets. |
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents '$1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed: 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
1 ISMAR. 'the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
• I palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
', 6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
! CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psyehometrtst, palm-
| 1st and card reading, 25c. 1241H Market st.
! MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
I water reader. 11 Sixth st; German spoken.
! MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
! daily. 109 Fifth et.. room 2.
• : MME. ECHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader";
: I sittings dally. 44*% Jessie St.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card rearder; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
, i MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
, j palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
: j MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny «t.. rooms t-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
¦ advice: name* piven: 2"o un. R Fourth st.
. CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
. WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
. lr.g Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; teL South 40.
STANDARD. 81S Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
1 CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
I STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st : tel. Jessie 944.
. J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
•vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
• ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.-
.tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
• CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Oat* ave. : .telephone East 126j
: CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
, AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
; camping wagon, for sale cheap. E32 Mission.
FOR SALE— Fruit wagon and harness, IJO*
I » NEUMILLER. 19 City Hall ave.
• FOR sale — Horse, harness and top wagon* a
. bsnrain. 24* Bartlett st.
! "~
• CORNS, bunions, ingrown nailsr'wartY. chil-
! Wains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sntter.
COLLECTION OFFICEsi
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Axency— No charge un
less 8ucc»«sful. . Room 311. 927 Market st.
[ DENTISTS^
• AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLi"nTcT^09__i^
ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
; h_ve your extractions done painlessly; teeth
• without plates dur specialty; gold crowns
• SS Mi up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; ot'-
rice hours, 9 a. m. to 1) p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 1
. p. m. g. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
1 A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridge work. See our. new
1 unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fillings. 60c; plates
- I $6, full set; all work painless and warranted.
' Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth et. . ' f
• EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 yean'-' ex-
: -t-erience; no "student-*:, advice . free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
• PR- GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
, PARIS Dental; Parlor. _?E Kearny. mst.> Bush-
Full ect of teeth, $4; crowns, _Y;.ngs, 25c. ;
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL," 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are }
made: old plates made over like new; teeth ;
from $&. per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
THE New York DentUts" have moved; to '
Mission s_. cor. Sixth. Consult us on orowns
and bridges: difficult plate vfork solicited ; ,
positive painless extraction, 50c. : "¦:
MODERN DKNTAL PARLORS, 120«- Market
St.; expert extracting, crown and bridgework. -
. •¦ A. Ij. SIMPSON. P. D. S.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun- ;
days. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
SET of- teeth without plates. DR. ' H. G.
TOUXO. 1S41 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. ' 1019 Market at.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. over O'Connor & Monatt.
EDl'CATiqXAL.^^^^^
i^nENTN^^ScllO^LTnsr^FT^USINESS COL-
LEGE 1236 Market St.; Individual Instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil eervlce coaching; tuition $5 month. ¦
ALL. students but two taking full course this
year _ot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI- .
NESS COLLEGE. 1238 -Market st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening: $S per month; 130 life scholar-
ship zuar&ntees a comDlete business educa- .
tlon. including the commercial and shorth— ud
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallacher. expert court reporter, teacher of
! shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALrra business college, :< Post «t.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. - English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue tree.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posN
tlcns guaranteed to, it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. , SOS Larkln st.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or_ any
Stanford professor. •¦ Phelan building.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected : expert accounting. 220 .Parrott bid.
FRENCHMAN will give lessons; 'violin and
conversation. ANTOINE, 3M Stockton, r.« 8.
VISITING governess: English branches, piano
and bookkeeping; 60c a lesson. Box 747. Call, j
i ENGINEERING, "civil, elec. mining,mech..sur-
i vey. assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS? M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy:
lesson* by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgry.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' .Agcy, A.McN!ell.Mgr..r. 31. Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 183S Eddy et.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION; night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
j etc.. day or eve.; {5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post gt., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
1 JAPANESE responsible housecleaiilng co. : est.
I 1870: practical recommend: try them: removed
I to, 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAM AD A.
1 RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
nce; all kinds help. 316 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 526 O'Farrell Bt. : tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMEXT 'Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. BlackJ072.
j CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell at.; tel. East 42S.
j EMPLOYMEXT WANTED— FEMALE.
t MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as
working housekeeper for gentleman or wid-
ower; with references. MISS COLLIXS. 905^
Valencia st.
A NEAT young lady .wishes a position as
cashier in restaurant, or bakery or lady's
maid. 4 Vernon place, off Hawthorne St., be-
tween Folsom and Harrison.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation as
working housekeeper; no trlflers. Box 821,
Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a home with
a small family: willing to assist around the
house. Box 818, Call office.
WANTED— Family washing and Ironing to do
at home. 511 McAllister st.
YOUNG woman wishes any kind of work by
the day. Address C. H., 4 Falmouth st.
GIRL: general housework and cooking. Call
Monday mornir.g bet. 9 and 12 at 2321 Scott st
POSITION as stenographer and typewriter; ex-
perienced. Address L. S.. 2606 Folsom Ft.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket-200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night. SI 50 to J«
week; convenient and respectable: free/bus
and bargaire to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiiimore st.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
Fubecrlptlons has been established at 103S
Valencia st.
I EMPLOYMEXT WANTED MALE.
I NURSE and attendant. German, wants posi-
tion with invalid gentleman, physically . or.
mentally afflicted. HENRY FIOI'NER, 100a
Mission st.
STEADY man with good references wants sit-
uation on private country place as coachman
and general worker. Box 804, Call offlce.
A GOOD cook wants a situation in hotel, res-
taurant or boarding house. 62 Second, rm. 17.
CARPENTER, experisneed, desires work; is a
good repair man and ie a practical house
painter; middle-aged, single, steady habits;
has good outfit of tools; willing to go any
place outside of San Francisco; price mod-
erate. Box S24, Call office.
SALESMAN, experienced in wholesale" grocery
line, desires position In that or good specialty
line; city or suburban towns; good references.
Box E76, Call ofnee. : ¦ ' ¦ . ¦ '-
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIEHL, New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
WANTED— Work in grocery or general mer-
chandise store by voung man; speaks English
and German. Address box 828, Call office.
GERMAN druggist with best of references
wishes some kind of a situation. Box 809,
-Call office.
NO. 1 bookkeeper and offl* man, long bustness
exi-erlence, good references, is open for posi-
tion at once. Box 875, Call offlce.
BY a middle-aged, sober . man, situation as
watchman, porter or work in store; bonds
end references furnished. M.. 1006 Valencia.
EXPERIENCED offlce man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other offlce work;
security given if wanted. A. B., box 722. Call.
SITUATION by young colored man as
- walfr or porter; will, call.. Box 807, Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1096
Valencia st. ' ¦
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may. address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson Bt.
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY flat; 4 rooms and bath: good condi-
tion; $14. 39 Langton St., near Seventh. ~~
A SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms; good condl-
tlon; {10. 118 Perry at., near Third.
DALE pi.. 12,. eft Golden Gate ave.. bet. Leav-
• enworth and Hyde sts.— 4 nns. : no children.
ELEGANT upper flat, 7 rooms and bath;: rea-
gonable. 128 Fair Oakg, near (Twenty-third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
$14— NEW flat; 4 large, sunny, rooma; water
free. 22 Sumner et.. off Howard, nr. Eighth.
$11 50— UPPER flat 4 rooms; ; lower flat J9 60.
129 Ivy ave.. corner Van Ness, nr. Hayes st.
*7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor at., off Bryant "bet. -
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery; 941 Bryant. »¦
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FLAT, 5 rooms; newly furnished: bath; $20 a
month. 156 Hawthorne st.; near Folsom and
Third: no children. ¦ ¦¦
ELEGANT completely furnished " 6-room Cat
M or C months; no children. C25 Ellis st. ¦= ¦ ¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ..
• 4 ROOMS furnished in- oak: $48 40. .with No>,7
¦range. . King Furniture Co.. 1127- 1J81 Market.
FOR ' sale— New furniture * of \ seven-room - flat;
must;Eell at once. . 8J0 Ellis ¦ at. . . V; ' ...
• FURNITURE of 4 rooms for. sale cheap; rooms
for rent cheap; no dealers.. 12SA .Eighth st.-
BAJT FRAJftnSCO CALL.
BTJEIJTESS OFFICE of The Ban Fraaclsce
Call corner cf Market an* ThlnJ etreet*: cpen
ontii U o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 127 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until J:S> p. m .
SCO Hayes etreet; open until t:JO p. m.
Ct? McAllister etreet: open until »:J0 p. m.
fl5 Jerkin etreet; cpen until S:M p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open undl 10 p. ta.
SCI Market street, ccmer Sixteenth; open
trr.til « p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open CEttl I p. m.
1M* Valencia rtreet: cpen until t p. .hl
Nor_we Bt corner Twenty-second and Ken- j
tucky gtreeta; oper . until 9 p. ~.
MEETING NOTICES. ¦
GOLDEN^ GATE Com — anderj" No. tt. ;*___" j
K T.. Golden Gate buildine. £-» Sut- *fiBj I
t»r St.— Special assembly THIS UVEN- JFJ i
ING *t t> o'clock. The order of the BUB j
T«_pl* will be conferred. All fratert ~V : ; j
_re courteously lnvit«-d. j
KOIiEUT McMILLAN. Em. Com. [
"tTM. T. I-X>XI>A. Recorder. j
ORIENTAL F.ncami>— .ent No. 67, I. O. *j |
O F.— Officers and members: You are yf
notified to aFsemble in Encampment /\
Hail, MONDAY, at 1:30 p. m., to at-*' >
lend the funeral of our late Patriarch. J. _.
v.kW-rx. f. \v. derby, c. p. i
UTFICE cf the District Deputy y<»__.''fl'- I
Grand Master of the Grand Lodge __i_2KS=
of California, I. O. O. F.. District
.No. 2, San Francisco, Dec. 21, "*"¦»*
j. ue — To t_* Ilespective Lodges Comprising
l>ietrict No. 2. I. O. O. F.: At ttoe request of
Yar-aertx Lodge No. 211, 1. 0. 0. F., Oak-
land, the installation ot olflcer* ot eaid lodge
has been deferred to January IB, 1901, on ac-
count of sick_*s of the Noble Gra&d elect.
Fraternally la F., I- and T..
JOSEPH G. MYSE— U D. P. O. — .. Plst. 8.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SAX FRANCISCO DRY DOCK COMPANY Is
hereby given that, in pursuance of a resolu-
tion cf the Board of Directors of said com- 1
peijv, unanimously adopted at a meeting of ]
Kt:d board, held at tie office of the com- j
paziy. In the city and county of 6an Francisco.
Elate of California, en the I5th day of Octo-
ber, 1S00, a meeting cf the stockholders of the
San Francisco Dry Dock Company will be
helfl at the offlce of the company, number 3C2
California etreet, San Francisco. California
1 the time being the principal place ot busi-
ness of eaid corporation and the building
where the Board of Directors usually meet),
on Tuesday, the fcth uay of January. 1901. at
the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of considering and acting upon the proposi-
tion to create a bonded Indebtedness of said
corporation to the amount in the aggregate of j
five hundred thousand .$300,000) dollars, |
I'nited Slat os GoM coin, for the purpose of j
ralsine funds to be used in building anj
equipping a ue— ¦ drydoc— , and for other le^iti- ,
mate and necessary purposes of the corpora- i
Cloo, toich bonded indebtedness to be secured
by a mortgage or deed of trust upon all the
jiroj.*rty now ouned by said corporation, or
which it may hereafter acquire.
Bv crd<* of the Board of Directors.
W. F. RUSSELL,
Secretary of San Francisco Dry Dock Oom-
ffcny.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- j
reived arpU'^tlons to mine by the hydraulic ]
rrocejs rr— B John Costa et al.. in the Lady's ;
ration Mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to.'
deposit tailings In n -orked-out pits: from W. B. .
Tnidley et al.. in the Dudley Placer Mine. I
rear North Columbia. Nevada Co., to dfpoail I
taUJngs In a —orked-out pit: from tb* Eagle 1
Cicil Mining Co.. in the Relchel Claim, near j
Mountain Ranch. Calaveras Co.. to deposit i
•.a!ling;» In Murray Creek, and from the Em- 1
ery Gold ilir.icg and Water Co.. in the Rose |
Hill Mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras
Co., to deposit tailir.ps in Murray Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room E9,
Flood builc'.nr, San Francisco, Cal.. on Jan- ;
i:ej->- 14. 1301. at 1:50 p. m. I
SPRING Valley Water Works— Annual Meeting ;
—The ennual meeting of the stockholders of ,
the Spring Valley Water "Works will be held
*t the office of the company. No. 126 Stock-
ton etreet. San Francisco. California, at 12
o'clock M.. or. WEDNESDAY, the 9th day
rf January, ISM., *o elect trustees to serve
fcr the ensuing year and for the transaction
r.f such other business as may come before
the meeting. San Francisco, California.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
""HE enr»»el meeting of the stockholders of the
Neva<Ia National Bank of San Francisco. Cal.,
Tvill be held at H* banking house, 301 Mont-
pom ery «t., San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
IiAT. January $. 1S01. at S:15 o'clock p. m.,~
for the election of directors to serve for the
« n^uinir year and the transaction of such
r.ther business as may come before the meet-
ing. GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
San Francisco. December 8, 1900.
ADOPTION.
/, GOOD home open for Klrl cr boy baby. Add.
M-. Pr Fur.k». V.lt Eighth rt.. Alaraefla.
ATTOBXPVS AT LAW.
R. BT. KING, 527 Market et.. €th floor, room €27
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
oniiectlons; all cases: fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on f-states. Tel. Howard 15ST.
AlJVJCE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no ie« without eucoess: collections. G. W.
HOWE, stty at law. 8M» Market, cor. Stocktoa.
FRANK W. SMITH; mining and probate law _
ppecialty. Mills big., r. J, 4th fir.; teL Red S£16.
a DVirE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market et.. opp. Mason.
• 1. EDW. JARKETT. Hearst bids-. Third and
Market ets.: phone Red C28J.
L. F. CLAKK. Emma Spreckels bid*.. 9*7 Mar-
»-et rt.: consultation free: nn fee* in advance.
AGEXTS WANTED.
LADIES and gentlemen experienced in celling
a nice class of froods to homes; an entirely
new prr>i>os;tion that cells readily and Is a
\lg money-maker: only solicitors accustomed
to makins pood incomes wanted; no peddlers.
Box 833. Call office.
FCL.ICITORS wanted; men or women; good
e_l*.ries xr arranted: payable either weekly or
monthly: exr>«n<es paid. 927 Market, rm. 615.
ASPHAI/TTM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, apphalt roofing, eldewaiks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
BISIXESS CHAXCES.
A— KT5; CORNER paloon in the Mission; rent
$%>: lease; good-paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26i» Kearny et.
A— T~-0; CORNER grocery and bar, with 11 fur-"
nished rooms; rent $40; finest business corner
in Western Addition; is doing a splendid
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^i Kearny st.
A— S300; RESTAURANT In the Mission, kept by
present owner S years, and always cleared
above J125 per month: rent $25; with 8 rooms,
m. Call K. G. V.ILKE, 2SVs Kearny st.
- A— ttZOO; CORNER tn-ocery and bar on Nine-
teenth st., known a* one of the best paying
corner groceries in this city; rent MO; stock
will invoice JTOOQ; boree and wagon; only rea-
son for selling owners to retire. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26i* Kearny st.
A — 1750; restaurant with 23 furnished rooms, in
Stockton; rent $25; 2 years' lease; owner to
leave for East; must sell quick; a good-paying
business. Call R. G\WILKE, 2G 1 * Kearny st.
A— $325; RESTAURANT and chophouse opp. R.
R. cable house; rent J20; good paying place;
investigate soon, as rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. C6% Keexny *t.
A— $5000: LEADING barroom of this city; es-
tablished many years and doing flirt-clans
paying business; place is located near Kearny
acl Market sts.; above $2500 etock on hand;
tpiendid bargain: owner must leave the city
at once to attend business north. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26'j Kearny et. .
A — 13250; CORNER grocery and bar, one block
south of McAllister Bt.: rent M5; 4% years*
lease; stock ¦will Invoice the . price; a good-
paving business and establiehed many years.
Call R. G. WILKE, £64 Kearny st.
A— CIOAR stand: heart city; must sell. COW-
ING & CO.. 719 Market at. . : . -
A—GROCERY and bar. with rooms; fine loca-
tion; good stock. COWING & CO., 719 Mkt.
A— PLUMBING shop; big stock; horse, wagon;
sickness. COWING & CO.. 719 Market »t.
A BAKERY outside town, 2 horses and wagons,
rent $20. $650; merchandise business for $1000;
employment agency, doing well, $200; good
paying saloon on corner. $2M0; delicacy stores,
country hotels and eumnr ler resorts for sale
and rer.t. E1TEL & CARROLL, lCOS^j Market.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand cor-
ner store and basement with fixtures sult-
sbia for grocery business; special lnduee-
tiients. Apply KPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
A-RESTACRANT; dally sales 120; price $400;
u at *22 50; fine for man and wife. MARION
GRIFFIN. 71» Market St.. by Call building.
J*2">— CIGAR rtan(S: bargain; near Market.
Mclaughlin _• co.. 77?h Market «t.
JIESSRS. A. NEL*BOi:ifl3 & CO. of Shanghai
desire to cc~ ie into touch with capable San
rraneiseo or Eattern manufacturers with a
view to business In China. Address J_ RO-
SSN7IIAL, 12i3 Octavla et.
. nUTCHER business In thriving country town;
f-etabilyhed over 40 years; owner wishes ta re-
tire: property will Invoice prtce. Box S06,
Call. ¦ ___________
V.' ANTED— A partner or promoter.' Box *05,
Call. '- ' ¦¦
-RAKERY ana restaurant for sale chean: rent
$10. 851 Illinois Bt., near Union Iron Works.
YOU can win every day at races; a system any
one can win with; $5. Address box 904, Call.
A -PLAT THE RACES— ~~~
?': to £0 per cent nrcflt monthly on our new
fj-ftem; call and investigate. N. S. HAND &
CO.. expert ha ndi cappers, euit 12. S4 Kearz ly.
UAKERY and notion store on account of sick-
ness; prioe £200; S tiring room*. 29 Zoe si.,
bet. Bryant and Brannan, Third an! Fourth.
V MT8C_Ii_AB~SOtJS— FOR SALE.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe... aPCallfornia St..
SAFES— New and Becond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD Ss. BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
miscellAxeou^wa>ts.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oJt clothing bought &
sold. Silvern—a. 934 Folsom: tel. Folsora 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. I*.
WHITEHKAD. 1710 Market st.
money:to_loax.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
;....... .Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
¦Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 6S0 Market.
A— MONEY to lean at rates which people can
afford to pay on furnltur?, pianos, etc.; da
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooma 9 and 10. 906 Market at.
ANY amount at 6 per cent", 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lav; get my terms before doing business else-
ffhtre. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. lot floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY reipectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture, pianos, no removal, or any other
security; quick; lowest rate; easy terms: no
brokerage; private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
ket St.. room t3. '
A— JICO.000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
eials. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery St.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc. i
no removal, no commission; otrlctly confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for buildinr:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sanaome, — n. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan.
THE TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
3% en furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy at.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs.; city.country; 6%; undl-
vlded lnts. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 3G6 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loana on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. S17 Market St., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; con-
fidential ; on diamonds, etc. 23 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL.. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without' collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL IXSTOUMESTS.
A ! CREAT^Iearing up~sale; all 1900 styles 25
per cent discount. Net bargains for holidays:
Guild $38
Emerson $i3
Fisher **5
Decker $135
Gtelnway upright, slightly used $1!U
Chickering J213
Hallett 4; Davis «75
Heine $4S5
Rent allowed: lnst-llm ents. $6 down. $» p«r
month up: open evenings. HEINE PIANO
CO.. SI" Geary »t. '
BEAUTIFUL Chickering upright; cost $475.
now $275. H_IXE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st
ANY person havtne use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the beet
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlme 4
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $S cash and
JG per month. We offer to sell some irood
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter ets., San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth et.,_ Oak-
Ian^ ' . ¦
NOW is your chance to buy a good piano for a
small sum of money; $C0. $7a, $100, $15C. any
price you want. Now. what do you want?
Call on us and get It. MAtTVAIS'. 7«3 Market.
FOR the first 15 days of 1001 we are roing to
tell our pianos and all kinds of musical goods
at special reductions, with an extra discount
for cash purchases; make money by saving It
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Mattket st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largeat hous«
west of Chlcaso Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
18 and !0 CFarrell Bt.; pianos, organs and
ell other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BIG sale of pianos now going en; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine large one. $163; num-
ber on time limited; agency Chickering, Ma-
son Sc Hamlln, Vose. Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell St.; open even-
ings.
PIANOS? Yes. a big stock at little prices
and little payments; big variety. DEWING
CO.. 12 Flood building.
3-PEDAL upright piano; sacrifice: party going
East. 419 Van Neas ave.. near McAllister »t.
PIANO; great bargain: must be sold before
Tuesday; $145. 1253 Migslon at.
A CLEANING out sale of pianos in storage;
flirt cheap. Wllaon's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer St Co., Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Post.
SFECIAL sale— Immense reductions: see our
leader, only $150. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
THREE-PEDAL upright; nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2223 Mission at.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
HlfiH-CJRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN a CO.. 814 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. S33 Market st., 4 elegant up-
rlshts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city, new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ.- 16 McAllister at., next Hlb. Bank.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to any address In the
TTritert f*t*ti»« or Canada one yewr for SI.
• OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MONTGOMERY, 621— Depth 150 ft.; suitable for
machine, carpenter shop, wholesale or mnfg.
~~~~ ~ OIL.
HOW to get rich— Buy these bargains: 1000
shares Bear State oil etock, sacrificed; COO
shares Sunset, only $M; 100 shares. $10. 935
Market st., room 8. '- '
BOOO SHARES in Mt. Diablo Oil Co. at 10V4c
per share— if taken before January 1. Apply
to W. E. BARNARD. 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence aoltdtM.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
2500 ACRES oil land, strictly In oil belt. $« to
$600 per acre. WILLIAM C. HAMILTON.
Flood building, room 8. »
KERN River; proven territory: line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
™^ PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black £81.
PROF. HAIGHT. Palmist— Readings this week
only for 25c. 1926 Market st.. S. F.
PATEN1S AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. 1— iwyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer In. feathers:
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and pained; all feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
. steam renovator. 870 Mission, teL Jessie 1114.
FIRM changing hands, want place for woman
employe; invaluable in store or offlce; speaks
Spanish, some German; reliable, genteel. Box
810, Call offlce. ' -. - ¦
NOTICE— I. W. D. Knight, will not be
sponsible for .- any debts contracted by my
.wife. Ma May Knight, after, this date.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 793.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
stery-.' goods carefully packed for shipment or
Storage. HOPKE BROS. ; 313 arid 320 11th st.
KLECTRIC light ' in every room— Winchester
Hotel.' 44 Third. st.. near Market; TOO ro^ms-
25c: to $1 50 per, night; $1 60 to $S per week-
:.free ; 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PERSOXAI.S.
Superfluous hair removed wjth electric needle;
*'*«rie roller facial treatm ent for wrinkles;
all branches taught. Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
«Jl ults ' J10: dr " s Pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery t_
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, SZO Kearny St., near Pine.
WHITE enamel Iron beds. «tngl<% three-quarter
; SJ-. d ? U , b » e - I 2 a EA STERN OUTFITT1NU
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. g. MOORE. 4M Geary st. S.F.
SUITS to order or. Installment- $15 upward- (I
a week. LKON LEMOS. HIT 'Market St.. b«-
. tween Seventh and Eighth.
YOUNG business man wants la<! y partner wita
means; object matrimony. B u ' x 3s 13. Call.
SUITS to order on eaty payment* Art Tailor-
Ing Co., 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nirholas Hotel.
PRIVATE detective work; reasons b> rates- I_f
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st. /
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores erray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all •;ru<gi »t».
DANICHEFF (¦«¦"•> holiday glove orter«., eo 7j for
gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant) ave.
MASQUERADE costumes, plav books • K»\7a~
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3>, Mkt.*
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint. theTb-Tt
corn cure: 23c; all druggists. ;
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEO!*^
DR. C. C. O'DOXJTELL— Offloe and realdence"
lOata Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh!
PARALYSI3, rheumatism, asthma effentuallT
cured. DR. J. H. REEVE t%j Keaffny st.
RE.VI. ESTATE— CITY-— FOR./ SALE.
KEAl! ESTATE BARGAf.»I3. ~*~"*
A. M. SPECK & CO.
HARD TO BF1AT HARD TO B2UT
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVAXCE;"'
mco. •
Cory eotta«e (Mission), lot mrtOO f»et. .
$210Q-REDUCED FROM $2500. ',
Four flats; rents $39. _
$3«M.
Four flats; rests $45: <Jo— nto-ra.
$«co».
Thre« choice fiats, nair Post and Taylor *sts. |
pays 10 per ceat; 27 feet front; offer w anted.
$7500.
Flats: brand new; east of Van Ness a»_;
rents. $72.
$3500— REDUCED FROM $18,000.
Market street corner store and fiat. -' / i
$1400.
Grand 14-room residence on Jackson street.
JU75O-REDUCED FROM $13,500.
Business property; saxne tenants for T»r»;
store and rooming-hnuse.
$16,000.
Grand corner, Leavenworth street: TO fe«»t
front: all rented for $123; mortgage $9000: can
remain at 6 per cent.
$73. CCO— REDUCED FROM JS3.0W
Choice corner lot. 75-foot front: vHhls hall
a block of Market St.; with old lminownicti;
rent* about $400; the only corner i!_t eta bu
bought vicinity of Sixth st.
$32. 500— REDUCED FROM JSO^OOft
Grand investment ; 1C0 foot front tc EIUi .st,t
with Improvements; nicer and better thaa PaJ-
ace Hotel; rents about JCCCO; terms, half e_ _.
$3500.
Rents $10C; 100 faet front; near Taylor st.; Be-
chance like It.
rco.ooo.
Corner: 80 feet front; vicinity Suiter «t. ; st
of Hyde; rraod hotel, office or roocalog-boaje
site; rents $107.
$20,000.
Sutter-et corner; S7:5iS7:»; «le«~at lmprore-
ments; rests flSCO per annum.
$100,000.
Market st.. ne«r Call.
A. M. SPECK St CO- «87 __r_ « st. .
$700 — 4-ROOM sunny cottage; • years old: aear
Berrml Primary School. Inquire Plelhop't
grocery, 249 CcrtlanJ are.
IF you have property north of the P*rk and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GtTNN. 630 California «t.
ISO EACH— On 15th ave. : $13 monthly pay— rats.
free carriage at S23 Clemcat st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Week'.y
Call. IS pares, sent to any address In taa
United State*, portpatid. for n p»r yor.
REAL ESTATE — COTJXTRT — For Sale
A CHRISTMAS gift of $20.CCO: $3 for $1: don't
be such a fool as to doubt -without Investiga-
tion: Just think of It. only JS5 per acre for a
lovely tract of 100 acres, the finest land on
earth; almost adjoining the depot and steamer
landing of Xapa City; all highly cultivated
lsvel loam; 20 acres perfect garden land:
living creek forms on« boundary: Includes
crop, no— r looking line, worth $1300; easy
terras; must be sold before Nen ' Tear's; tak*
my advice and buy this on speculation or
for lovely home: it's worth and will sooa
bring $200 per a<—» N. D. SICKLES.
The LA! <T> AGENT, 8 Geary at.
MAFJON GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
Circulars free of Farms in all the couaties.
Also city and country eicha— g» list. .-¦¦'-.-
ACCURATE: know l~le«. ««ch of th* tOCd ranch-
es on my sal* and exchanr* list— raora than
all other asents In city: rtata what's wanted.
X. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 8 Geary st.
A WEEK'S news for Be— The Weekly Call. 18
pnge*. in wra— per, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
{SiCO— WORTH $3S0O; house. 8 rooms, bay front;
lot 50x178; 3 days only.
J1775— First-class new colooiaJ cottage, S
rooms and bath: lot 43x120; terms. J. H.
TOUNQ, builder. 1243 Park rt.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
. ; '
BERKELEY B.— AX. ESTATE.
' $4foo— WITHIN 2 blocks of university; In th •
very best cart of beeutiful Berkeley-
Now house of 9 rooms and bath; thoroughly
modern in every respect; fine coraer lots
splendid view.
$3500— t-story hooae of T toc_b and bath;
near station; street work an done; a barg-ln.
Apply to MASON t MaLKMATHAN, ad-
Jolnlng P. P.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
Pair of flats; 5 rooms and bath each; Market
st. station, Oakland: being 12 p«r cent per
annum on Investment: first come, first served;
must be sold at once, J. S. MYERS & CO..
1008 Broadway. .
$1800— WORTH $3000; Harrison s_. fronting City
Parte: 3 blocks to Broadway; 2 blocks to>
schools and local station, etc.: neighborhood
the beet; 8 rooms, bath and basement: fur-
nished and ready for occupancy; tenns 1$
desired: must be seen to be appreciated;
positively must be sold this week; first come,
first served. J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1903 Broad-
way.
$6000— ACTUAL COST $8300.
House. 9 rooms; corner lot; p!ate glass win-
dows. 4 blocks from Broadway and S blocks
to narrow and broad gauge local stations; la
the finest neighborhood; open plumbing; th«
¦* latest ideas in architectural construction. J.
S. MYEKS tc CO.. 1005 Broadway.
OFFICE OPEN JANUARY 1, NEW TEAK" 3
DAY.
$S50— A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath: must
be sold: J3th et.. near Telegraph ave.: 25x100.
A. J. SNYDETl ft CO., Real Estate. 487 Ninth
st.. Oakland. Cal.
$750—4 ROOMS: S3-100; must be sold. A. J.
SNYPKR » CO . 4S7 Ninth »t.. Oakland.
Oakland" ftrxituiie for sale.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th*
furniture daaJer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMSFOB HOUSEKEEPING.
BUShT"i301— Large sunny front room with gas;
unfurnished^ ________
ELIZABETH. 12. near Guerrero— Five furnish-
ed housekeeping jrooms; rent $15.
FIFTH. 353— FurnfS_ed for housekeeping, t dou-
ble parlors, kitchen, bath. $10: also single. $5.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 623— Suite of rooms for
housekeeping; also a single room reasonable.
HOWARD, SITTA— Suite housekeeping rooms;
JACKSON. SCO. near Mason— Furnished large
sunny housekeeping rooms. $7 to $S; single. 34.
MISSION, 923'i— Nicely furnished and houae-
keepinz rooma. .
NATOMA. 701— Sunny housekeeping rooms for
mac and wife. '
OAK. 119—2 sunny rooms, furnished for heavy
housekeeping; yard: $11. ; |
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished sunny par-
lors; gas. bath and phone; light housekeep-
ing; other rooms.
PCLK. 717—2 furnlnhed rooma for light house-
keeping; use of bath.
POWELL. 415%— 2 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. "
SECOND. 212— Newly furnished; reasonable and
respectable: very convenient and qalet. (
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103*
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiiimore st.
'¦-.'; .\ '•-: :¦ ftjrxiturk^ waited. '
CHAS. LEVY "buys - = your f furniture," ¦ carpets,
jm pianos, > etc." j 1135 ; Market st.;s .tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
„;.. see W. ¦ E. CODY.^ 757 Mission, tel. Red 3153.
A^ WOLLPERT,' 773 • Mission St., ' pays ; highest
: price , for. eecond-hand furniture; tel.; Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L." Vincent, 1305 Laf kin; tel. Polk 691;
furniture & Curn'd houses bought; spot cash.
~~~' HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C.-R. HANSEN & CO........ Phone Grant 183
J .HOTEL DEPARTMENT. . . . . . .. . r.".
Head waitress, country hotel.' $25; head wait-
ress, institution, German preferred, $25; 2
waitresses, south, KQ. free fare; 2 waitresses,
Fresno, $20; 2 waitresses, Salt Lake City. $20,
fare advanced; 2 waitresses, Arizona, $20,
free fan; ; waitresses for Gait, Lathrop, Co-
lusa. Marysville. Petaluma. Oroville, J20 each,
many free, rare; 5 waitresses, city, $20; 2
qAambermafds to wait, $20.'.'
T... ....... FAMILY DEPARTMENT.. .........
Houpe girl, north, 2 in family, $30, see party
here; house girl, Alameda. $20; middle-aged
German woman as housekeeper, $15, north,
tee party here; 30 house girls. 5 second girls,
nurse girls. C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 104
• Geary et. .
SCRUB woman for drygoods store, $1 day:
nlBij weman for cleaning Institution, $20 and
found: C. R. IIANSKN &. CO., 104 Oeary St.
SF.COND girl for Oakland, $25; 2 cooks, city,
J30 each; German. housekeeper, $15; chamber-
maid, hotel, ; $20; waitress, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, S13 Sutter st. ¦ :
A WOMAN to do plain cooking (no housekeep-
ing) ;\Amerlcan family; a child or a grown,
companion if employed elsewhere no objec-
tion; -references asked and given. Apply 670
Harrison at.. Rlncon Hill.
WANTED — One housekeeper, country ; woman
cook, country, $30; 8 house girls, $15 and $20;
woman nurse, country. Plaza Employment
Office, 626 I Bt.,- Sacramento, Cal.
GIRL; general housework and cooking. . Call
Monday morning bet. 9 and 12 at 2321 Soott Et-
EXPEHIEXCED waitress. Call GIBBS. _
East st.
WANTED— Woman with reference, as working
housekeeper.' Box 905, Call offlce.
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory. KVi Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A "bright, self-reliant woman with
fair education; $45. Address Proprietor, Nix
HO. 'Call office. - .
OPERATORS" on underskirts; waists, lawn
hats and cap»; also two tuckers; steady work.
I-. 11AUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome st.
THREE or four youns, ladles of good address;
salary and commission. CURTIS PUBLISH-
ING COMPANY, 53 Columbian building, city.
GIEtL wanted— Girl to do plain cooking; wages
$20. 1311 Larkln it.
WANTFD— An experienced chocolate dipper at
148 Fourth st. _^
'CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BKANCH office for Call advertisements and
fa ascriptions has been established at MM
Vn1»n<Ma *t.
! HELP WASTED MALE.
A .50 COAL MINERS
..50 COAL MINERS
50 COAL MINERS. :
FOR GALLUP, NEW MEXICO
Large Vein 70c a Ton
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
..See superintendent in our office January I..
Married and single miners...
..Call, tfire, write or phone for Information..
C. R. ¦ HANSEN & CO -.104 Geary st.
A— CORRESPONDENT familiar with Eastern i
and coast trade in dried and canned fruits,
salmon and general line of provisions; salary
to commence with- 1125.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— FIRST-CLASS head waiter; must be thor-
oughly competent man; one who has been In
business for himself preferred; $100. Apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ......... ..104 Geary st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
....j* RAILROAD WORK
20 teamsters, railroad work $2 a day
; For State of Nevada Free Fare
25 laborers for company's work. Surf .$1 75 day
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
10 tunnelmen, big tunnel, Chatsworth Park
'. >. $2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
6 miners, asphalt mine ....$2 a day
Coachman and gardener, private place, coun-
try 130
Gardener, private place, country $30
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook $100
Second cook ...$60
.Head waiter $100
¦ 5 French and Italian waiters.. $11 a week
Waiter, springs, fare advanced $22 60
2 waiters, country hotel $30
Colored waiter, country club S35
Colored waiter, country hotel $25
Polisher and stareher. country laundry $60
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
L. S. STARR, head cook, please call.
C. R. HANSEN fc CO 104 Geary St.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
Plasterer, see boss here; cabinetmaker, city,
steady place; 4 farmers, same ranch, steady
Job, $2K and fd.; farmer sand wife; boys to
learn trades; boy for country store; 150 wood-
choppers and tiemakers, tools and provisions
furnished, fare paid for tiemakers. MUR-
RAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St. -
A— CHEF cook for grill, good wages: 2 grill-
room waiters; 8 waiters, hotels and restau-
rants,* $30 and $40 and fd.j dishwasher for a
mine;' second baker, country shop. $30 to $30
and M.; baker, $14 week; 8 cooks, $30, $35
and- $40; night -cook. $8 week. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay et.
WANTED— Man and wife; short distance; $40.
Apply MRS. NORTON". 313 Sutter st.
A^12 ROUGH carpenters (young men), 1 brick-
layer, 1 tinner, 1 shaper hand, 2 bench hands.
S cabinetmakers; all non-union. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st., . room
9; no offlce fees. '¦
JOURNEYMEN ; Barbers' International Union
, free employ, bureau : only recog. union bar-
bers. 115 Turk; tel. Folaom 15S3. I. Less, sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union-Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
A FEW more waiters to work on commission
at the Mardl Gras ball at the Pavilion to-
night. Apply at Cafe Columbia. 13 Powell St.,
this afternoon. -
BOY or younsrnan to wait at table; emaM
place; ?12 and found. 1224 Point Lobos ave?;
Geary cars. -" -
WANTED— 100 men and boys to sell New
Year's horns; liberal inducements. Call early,
2 Post St., downstairs.
WANTED — Steady man; light Indoor work;
will pay $50 monthly: - $100 required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 V^ Market st.
BARBER W8nted to buy 5-chalr barber shop:
running 4 chairs steady; best location in city;
price $350. Address -box 903, Call offlce. '
BARBER wanted with one year's experience.
Apply 1732 Halght st.
WANTED— Good steady barber; $11 week. S095
Sixteenth »t. . -
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 1724H Market
st.. between Polk and Van Ness. ; : ¦
FIRST-CLASS presser wanted. Olympla Cloth-
lng Renovatory, 532 Sutter et. ,
GOOD lunch cook. Palm Garden. P21 Market st.
WANTED— Cook, dishwasher and 2 girls to
• wait* at table. 1550 Market St.
COMPOSITOR, bills of fare; steady Job; state
wages, etc. Box 813, Call office.' .-. .
STRONG boy about 17 to work in grocery.
Call after 2 p. m.. at 1607 Fiiimore st.
CLEAN, quick waiter wanted; $45. jlll>l_j>
kin et. '".--: .'.:.¦:,'¦ - ¦
DISTRIBUTORS wanted. Modern Laundry
Co.. 385 Eighth st. '
BOY to carry morning paper route. Inquire
56 Pleasant' st. ... -
BOY to make himself useful about house. Box
¦ 840, • Call » office. ,
WAITER wanted to carry trays; do porter
work. 37 Eddy, st.
GET your shoes half-soled i while | waiting; 25c
to 50c. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and > mechanics ' to ': know
!- that Ed . Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
1 -' runs Denver House, ¦ 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night ; ; $1 to $2: per week. ¦¦•.;..-¦.
GOOD day cook in a restaurant. 1759V4 Mission
¦' street. . ¦ ¦ .•"¦¦'-". ' . : '
WANTED-A good cook and lunch waiter at
': 434 -Fifth St. ' ; ..,¦.•.'¦
i WANTED— Foreman \ cake • baker. - 966 ¦. Seventh
: st.; . bet. Myrtle and Filbert. Oakland.
AGENT to Introduce | best thing " on I the coast."
•Address Dundee Mfg. Co.,' 14 Flood bldg.. S.F.
WANTED— Man that understands nursery work
and florist ¦ business. ; Call ' 500 ¦ Haight St.*
WANTED-^100 men' to take rooms,' 10c, 15o and
• 20c. Boston House. 930 .Howard < st. 7 ¦ . ; . .
! PENSIONS— J. ; H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
'•; firm, 1 806 Market.!, room 40, Phelan building.--.
', MEN to learn barber trade.' 741A Howard St.,'
'.' S. - F. ! Barber School.".;'' " ' ; -H ; : " ;r
; BAILORS, -ordinary ¦ seamen " and ', green hands;
all "parts of ; world. : HERMAN' S, ; 26 Steuart.
i GENTLEMEN'S suttsto order,"$l per week, at
• cash prices. N.Y." Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
.-'.. '_y -., •> ; .^ ¦..¦..¦ - •¦,. - ¦ ¦¦' - -. ¦• ..-* ¦¦¦¦._
HELP WASTE D-MALB. , r
WANTED-^Master -* ot 1 tugs— An examination
Of-applicants will be held at the Naval .Traln-
: ing Station, i San Francisco, Cal.. ! January 8.
1901; for a master of tugs at $4 per diem.. No
person will. be appointed unless he is a quali-
fied tug captain and a flrst-clasa San Fran-
cisco Bay. and contiguous waters and Pacific
Coast pilot from Astoria. Or., to San Diego.
Cal. ; The examination will be open to all
comers who can give evidence of experience
in conducting the. kind of work for which they
eeek employment and who are citizens of the
- United ¦-. States. Applications should -be ad-
dressed to the Commandant., Naval Training
Station, San Francisco," Cal.. and must be de-
livered to him on or before Wednesday. Janu-
ary , 2.-* No application received after this
date. will be considered. Each applicant will
state In his application his name, age, resi-
dence, citizenship, present occupation and
previous experience or work done. The ap-
plications will be accompanied by evidence of
•citizenship and. by certificates, preferably
from previous employers, as to character,
habits of Industry and sobriety and skill and
experience in conducting work of the kind
required. ' JOHN D. IX>NG,
Secretary of the Navy. .
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade complete
Jrom elx to- eight weeks; toolB donated; we
have the only barber college in Southern Cali-
fornia; n'o side Issue; special discount; don't
be misguided by* flowery catalogue, or photo-
graphs: we can cive you references from all
parts of coast. GORDON Barber College, Lo»
Angeles..
WANTED— Recruits for Ihe Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
¦ character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than. 5 feet 4 inches and not over «-feet
1 inch- In height: abla to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at th» Marine Recruiting Ofllce, 40 Ellis
St., San Francisco. Cal.^ , - '
WANTED— A man who is or has been an en-
gineer or conductor on the S. P. R. R. ; must
'., be a good mixer; a. splendid opportunity for
the right man: must be industrious and am-
bitious; If in doubt address or call upon the
Syndicate Company, 5 Market st. .
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
. Inducements: * catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
BARBER'S good-paying 5-chair shop; central
location: old established place; a bargain.
DECKBLMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to ancl from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
.. subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. *¦ ; --'.'-°- ; -
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY case of Piles. Piles, Piles, Piles; over 200
permanent cures amons business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
FOR SALE f
A perfectly matched team of royally bred
horses, both of the Electioneer family. 6 and 7
years old next spring, 16 hands 3 Inches high,
beautiful dark bays, with no white: sound and
gentle, having no bad manners: neither has a
blemish; a better or more stylish team cannot
be found in - California. Can be seen at CAS-
SIDY'S, corner of Point Lobos and Twentieth
aves., city; will be sold at a reasonable price
/and guaranteed. -
FOR eale— Two horses, one business buggy and
harness, 14-passenger carryall and a 4-horse
brass mounted harn8«s; together or separate-
ly. Inquire daily between hours of 1 and 4
at 2451 - Mission st. ._
40 HORSES for sale; also wagone, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
J27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^5RK^T^D~Xl?T^IouEe3^to~leTrsenTfor^ir^
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable: teaches
hypnotism in five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID CUA11M AND TKIOYCLES.
FOLD and rented: manfr. of the Earn ee tricycle
r»-«Hr. 'RAMVB THfwl» «"w 21W1 Market «»
~ LOST AND FOUND. ~~~
LOST — Diamond locket and fob, with the
initials D. F. Suitable reward will be paid
or. returning same to MEYER BROS., 7 and
9 Battery st. '
SMALL yellow bitch; answers Mamie; collar,
white bow. Please return MR*>. KING, 9
Pare St.; reward. '
LOST — Fur boa. Saturday night. Van Ness,
Sutter. 140S Van Ness ave.; liberal reward.
LOST— Large St. Bernard dog; brown and
whita. Reward at 1732 Washington st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society ot San Francisco, in the
name of JOHN MURRAY, No. 236-12S8. The
finder will please return to bank. /
$25 REWARD for return of gray horse, about
14 hands high, weighs about 1400 pounds. 245
San Jose road, bet. 6 and 7 mile house.
LOST— Saturday afternoon, gold brooch, 4-leaf
clover, with single opal setting, valued as a
wedding gift; liberal reward for return. MRS.
A. LASSER. 1223 High Bt.. Alameda.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MARY J. McCONAHY, No. 172-1403.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Black and white greyhound bitch. Re-
-, turn to 31 Fourth st. and receive reward.
~~~ MATRIMOXIAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
10c for latent U?t. MRS. HERTZ. 70S K11U »t.
~ MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Market,
opp. Bth; world-renowned ladies' specialist:
safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
years: treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be ued at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 Market st.. cor. Sixth—
Sate and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$&; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult, free. MltS. DR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
»ult free. 94* Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS.' DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day: HINDOO HERB home cure: stamps clr.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007V4 Market, expert on ils-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at offlce; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure. $5: best care; low
fees; when all ;others . fail consult free. .:.\
LADIES' Home Remedy Co., 212 Ellis st. Prt-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 823 Kearny st. ; call and see me.
MRS.. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 604 Eddy st.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento st..'near Kearny.
.MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new. and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything, in 24 hours.' J.
NOON AN, 1017, 1019, 1021.: 1023 Mission 8 _,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
- $5 per month; write for catalogue and prioe.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
st. ; rentals, now. machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
-' glnes, boilers, ¦ water pipes, shafting pulleys,'
.etc. . WHITPELAW, 216 Spear st.
SOME nice furniture for sale very reasonable.
Call -8 to 9 a.. m. and 7 to 8 p. m., at 1340
¦ Sutter st. : no dealers. . . .
A-100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors." JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
GAS i engine, one ; horsepower, $75; . can -. be * seen
at work, v Shirt Store. 635 Valencia" st.
CANARY birds • • choice songsters. ¦' 1S77 i Minna
st.'.lnear Fifteenth. ..
CHEAP— Aermotor windmill and two tanks. , P.
< : O. box ! 214," San' Rafael. . ' '/
PATENTED bandages for eale. Box S50, Call
.roffice.:. ..'.-¦'.•¦. : ,"¦ .-¦:.•-.
A 2-STORY cottage at 215 O'Farrell st. to be
-;¦¦ removed: -'."Apply 15 Grant ave,'
2D-HAND eteanv gas, - oil," water and air ma-
; chinery. bought : and sold. .White, 616 , Mission. •
BLUB gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
. :SER,,206 Clay, st. x .';; ,- /•;--. ¦ : -.;.-. -.-f : ';
PORTABLE ; engines, ; boilers ;*iroj| •_ and wood
..:-. ' planers, lathes ; r2d-hand. ';? J. Burke, > 129 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
•t boilers boueht and sold. KROGH Mfg. 1 - Co.THE SA^ FKANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 3 1;; 1900.
9
KORkCAST.
San Francisco data.: Maximuin temperature,
u: minimum, 41; mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
GtneraUy • dear -weather prevails over th»
country we«t of the Rocky Mountains. Light
vprlnkles of snow are reported from stations
in the Rocky Mountain and plateau regions. r
An area of high pressure overlies Western
Montana, while tha pressure is lowest in
Southern California and Southern Arljona.
The* temperature has fallen In all : districts
and is from 2 to 20 degrees below the normal
The fall has. been decided over Utah, Nevada
•aid Northern Arizona. ¦:.:,i;. c- ' • . '.
Conditions are favorable for continued cold
weather In all districts. .Heavy frosts will
occur throughout California Monday morning,
also in Southern Ariiona. The weather will
be unsually sever* Monday in Nevada, Utah
and Northern Arizona, with occasional Enow
squalls. - r "-'.".'' -
Forecast made at Saa : FTancisoo for thirty
hours ending midnighLDecember 81,^1900: ,;
Northern California— Fair Monday; continued
ccld weather, with heavy-fronts;- light north
erly wind. tt»iii m\n^t\Mk[ ¦># >¦! r >M •"'¦.! ijff
Southern California— Pair Monday; colder,
with heavy irosts;. light north wind.
. Nevada— Occasional enow: squalls > Monday;
continued cold weather. . - -
Utah— Snow Monday; continued cold weather.'
Arizona— Snow in north portion, fair in ?outh
pcrtlon, Monday; coiaer; # hea,vy frost In south
I i ' Inn "HiHf'si .Ml JTf iffniil jMft |s*HHg|Jinsj HMji»ii]n.HjJm
San Francl»eo and vicinity— Fair'; Monday;
continued cold ' weather: light northerly wind.
ALEXANDER O. Me ADIE." •
Forecast Official. .
Last This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka 20.17 26.65
Red Bluff........... 8.71 10.88
Sacramento • .... 8.04 10.00-
San Francisco.-- 7.23 10.88
Fresno Trac» 6.43 4.61
Independence ....... .... 8.27 1.77
San Luis Obispo 8.92 10.37
Los Angeles... 6.79 : S.40
San Diego .... 1.78 1.93
HOTEL ABRIVAIA
GRAND HOTEL.
C H Egan. Petaluma
H 8 Hill. Seattle'
A Belcher, Seattle
A L Homer, Oakland '
J M Stevens }& w, Spo
kane ,-<¦
TW Duckworth, -,Cal
G -W Beecher, Klngmn
J W Malcolm & w. Ill
J R Rayburn & w. 111
R de B Lopez. Cal ¦
W H LumBden, S Rosa
Dr J J Murphy, Cal *
IT Owens, ; San • Jose
8 J Bartley. Cal
W Dolan, Sacto =
W E Moldrup, ¦ Alamed
E 8 Ferguson. Cal
A.Sylvester. Cal
M FCochrane. Cal
J Smith. San - Rafael ;
J Henderson,- Los^Ang
C E Miller, Cal
J J Baumgartner, - Cal
F J Zechandelaar, Cal
Miss Mackenzle.Cal
C.L'ApeL Iowa City
EN Jenkins, Salt Lak
Miss N M Hollenbeck,
Boston ' '¦¦";.'•¦ '
Miss C W Llndbergr.
I Boston . " -'.-{•
AM- Dow, Boston
A P Adams," Fresno : -
P D McQulddy, Cal
P F Erb * w. Dnllas •
5 B. Katzensteln Jr.
Sacto
5.F Smith, Sacto
B Chllds. Los Ang
C3 Carney Jr, 6 Barb
E J'Roy. a Barbara
Mrs • N J Winsome &
son,'. Sacto ',
O Nelsser. Chicago
H P Mason, Fresno
r P Flint, Cal .
K F McPhail, Reno
H L Emery, Cal
Mies M Emery,' Cal
(Alexander. Sacto',
D P Hall. Modesto
D Bhirek, N.Y ;,;'<•
CO Wilhlte, Wash
CW Parker," Mass
H ¦ H . Hunter, , Butte '.
S K Chapman. Napa
JH Paige & w, Ohio •
Mrs C Rhine," Clayton
Miss A Rhine, Clayton
J r Jones, Clayton - - .
B F Falrohlld, N Y-
M Cody & w, C»l
J/A Lewis . • ¦
L E Er.slgn A w, Yuba
A P. Van Dusen, Butte
W 1# Nuckolls & w.' Cal
B P Henshaw, Cal
J Elder, Cal • ; :. .
Mrs W < G Ferrell, Sac
PALACE HOTEL.
E5 T Wlltxee. ' Denver
F C Baker. Portland
T T Williams. 6 Rafael
C Dunphy, ¦ MUlbrae .
E C Emery, Cal
F\ A- Valentine,, N Y
L Slmonson," Mont •
Mrs Simonson; Mont .
E J Dlven. Pa •
J^BlHslnger.- Portland -
M MollPr.;N J >" : •'
E V, Church,' Chicago ~
Mrs A^Graham. Portld
B M Lion; San' Jos» ",":
Mrs A M Tinker. -Mass
F D Wood. i S.Barbara-
Mrs Wood.-; S • Barbara
Q J Rflner.'Spokah©
A C'Almy. US N -r * '¦'.
Mrs Almy.iU 8 N
E ' Strau**,:; Neir ¦ T<»rk ¦ i
F Robinson. M Tork '
Mrs Robinson. N-York
J S Echofleld. N York
Mr -,' & , Mrs . Castner.
••Sydney-/-. . - -
B L Falconer, a C
H Dpplnger,* Cal
Mrs Epplnger, * Cal
J Jones. ¦• Stockton .-.
W B Gray, -Sao- Jonei'- '-
Mrs Gray, San Jose - -
R f J. Trimble,! Cal
Mrs Trimble. 1 ! Cal
JH Hammond." Cal ¦ I
W-E.Ciirtls,»Colo i \ '
J Ferguson. 'Denver^. ;
A-L Brown. .1* Ang ;
J. Hall,] New. Zealand >
Mrs Brown." N' Zealand
D S ' Rosenbaunv Stktn
Mm ¦ Rnnrnbaum, ; Stktn
J;W, Adams. Carson ¦ y
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Paeiflo Tim*.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 30—8 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same dat»
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-lour
hours: . ¦ . v "
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIOirS.
John D. and Elizabeth R. C. Feldmanato
Joseph I. Hogan, lot on S line of Lloyd street,
143:9 E of Devlsadero. E 25 by S 100; $3000. f
Thomas and Hvlen C. Magee'to Isabella /Van
Winkle, lot on N line of Broadway. 154 of
Devlsadero street. TV 5 by tt 137:6; $1500. j
City and County of San Francisco to Emilia
L. Perley (Miller), lot on SB corner of How
ard and Fourteenth streets, S 60 by E 95; |— .
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Kath
arine Whelan. lot on E line of Mission street,
125 S of Nineteenth, S 31:5 by E 122:6; $5000.
Andrew and Annie Beckraan to Samuel H.
Curtis, lot on \V line of Noe street, 101:6 S of
Hill. S 25 by W 105; »2700.
Andrew and Susan Epauldlng to Catherine
Denvir (wife of "William), lot on W line of
Castro street, 3n:5T4 S of Seventeenth, S 2V4
inches by "YV 125; %'yH.
Margaret Bannon to James and Mary Mc-
Adoo, lot on N 'line of Twenty-fifth street, 80
E of Castro, E 30 by N 114; $1500.
John H. and Ellen O. Grady to San Francisco
Savings Union. 1~5 D. 22. lot on VT line of
Castro street, 73 S of Twenty-first, P 123:4, W
250, N 48:4 E 125, N 75, E 125, deed cf surren
der; $— .
Florence M. Petersen (Cumming-s) and George
Fetersen to Theresa M. Brooks, lot on SE cor
ner of -Elizabeth street and Hoffman avenue
(Ellen). E 25 bv S 114; $1000.
Presley C. Hyman (bankrupt) (by Frank . I*.
Owen, assigneei to A. S. Baldwin, all interest
in lot on W line of Battery street, 45:10 N of
Pine, N 91:8 by \V 137:6; $500.
Frederick C. Peters to N. K. Masten. lot on
PE line of Mission street. 91:8 KE -ot Beale,
XB 45:10 by SB 137:6; $54,000.
Richard O'Neill to John J. McDad*. lot on
NAV corner of B street and Thirty-seventh ave
nue, W 189:7. NE 333:1, S 273:11; also lot on
NE corner of A street and Thirty-?5xth ave
nue, N 37:4. SE 65:3, W 53:8: $5.
William W. Coates to J. W. Wright & Sans'
Investment Co., lot on E Una of Thirty-elRhth
avenue, 200 N of C street. N 60 ty E 120; $500.
Builders' Contracts.
Lewis Meyerstein (owner) with H. I* Peter
sen (contractor), architect Julius E. Krafft—
r.xcavattnp, grading, concrete, artificial stone
and granite work for alterations and additions
to a two-story and basement frame residence
on NW corner of Clay and Franklin streets,
N 1W:8H by W 112:6; $2S?2.
Same owner with Ponald Falconer (con
tractor), architect same — Carpenter and mill
work, roofing, plastering, plumbing, gas' fit
ting, iron work, glass and hardware for sarno
on same; $4945
DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL
COMMITTEE TO STAND
J. G. Johnson, Chairman of the Body,
Says There Will Be No Re
organization.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 30.— J. G. Johnson,
chairman of the executive committee f of
the National Democratic Committee,
passed through Kansas City from Chi
cago en route to his home in Kansas. He
said:
"I am not In a position to say what will
be done toward maintaining the Demo
cratic organization perfected during the
last campaign, but! will say that there
will be no reorganization of the national
committee. Tfce committee is organized
until 1904. and: will remain practically as
it is until that time. I believe that the
present precinct organization can . be
maintained ' and made entirely self-sup
porting."
DENVER ALDERMAN'S FTTNERAL
Despite Cold Weather a Large Num
ber of People Attend.
DENVER, Colo.. Dec. 30.— Despite the
cold weather- and the fact that several
inches of snow had fallen during the
night, the funeral of Alderman Martin D.
Currlgaa to-day was perhaps the largest
and most impresslvo ever held in Denver.
The body lay In state for two hours in
the Council chamber this morning, where
hundreds passed in line and reviewed the
well-known face* Requiem high mass was
conducted by Father Duffy at the Church
of the Sacred Heart, after which Rev.
Father Malone delivered the funeral ora
iion. Interment was in , Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Among the honorary pallbear
ers were Governor C. S. Thomas and
Mayor H. V. Johnson of Denver.
KENTUCKY'S BIjOODY
RECORD* FOR TWO WEEKS
Clay County Factions Again at Outs
and Soldiers May Be Sent to
' the Scene.,
LONDON, Ky., Dec. 30.— Four men have
been killed and ten wounded in Clay
County fights within the past two weeks,
while two other Clay County men were
killed and two wounded in a flaht Just
over the Clay County line during the same
period, making a total of six killed and
twelve wounded within two weeks. The
factions are again becoming hostile," and
soldiers may have to be taken there soon
to quell the trouble. ; • '¦
Winona Quarantine Raised.
ST. PAUL.. Dec- SO.— This local Health
Commissioner, satisfied that ; the new
Health. Board, formed at Wlnona, has
taken proper measures to guard against
the spread of smallpox said to exist there,
has raised the .quarantine between the
twocities. .
WICHITA, Kaa., Deo. SO.-Mrs. Carrie
Nation; "" the Woman's . Christian Temper
ance Union "joint wrecker,'' has refused
the bail obtained by her co-workers. She
now says that under no circumstances
will she step out of jail until cleared of
the charge against her, and the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union committee,
which had taken up the matter, has prac
tically abandoned its efforts to obtain
her release. V .'¦"•
The County Attorney, it is •aidris se
riously considering a suggestion made by
the saloon man_to withdraw the charge
of xnalicio-us destruction of property and
prefer one of insanity against her., There
is no doubt in their minds that' they can
hold her upon the present charge and
they are bound to punish the woman' In
some form for the mischief she has done.
When spoken to on this matter Mrs. Na
tion laughed and said:
."I expect they will resort to this as a
last means to make me abandon* my cru
sade against the . liquor •. dealers, , but* I
will appeal to every liberal • minded per
son and let them judge in any argument
with mo and my conversation whether
or not 1 am crazy. As I sit alon» la this
cell and think of how many boya are
•going- to the dog's' because of this evil
traffic in liquor I am ready to endure
anything for the cause. When I leave this
prison 1 will not be conquered; I will go
on to other cities and there do Just what
I have done in Wichita. Tl^ere are thou
sands of joints and open saloons taking
the money and manhood from our young
men and officers stand by and take fines
and bribes to allow such awful work to
continue. I appeal to the . people in the
Cast to stop such abuses -of the law. I
admit that my method of wrecking- sa
loons has been rather out of the bounds
of the general custom, but something des
perate Is necessary. •
"If the people of the East who are for
temperance will lend me their moral sup
port and Influence with the few hard
working temperance women of Kansas
we will be able to get rid of the joints
in Kansas, and I don't think they would
ever come back. All I want Is people to
help me out of these scrape3 - when I
wreck saloons. . I need money to pay my
fines so I can get out and go at It again,
instead of lying in jail. True, I can now
get out on bail and go to Fmashingr
saloons again, and I may yet decide to
do such work, but I want to make a clean
sweep as I go, and not have fines hanging
over my head. Quick aid is what is need
ed. Money to prosecute this work must
be forthcoming immediately, i I will make
the saloon men sjrry, and in three months
there will not be one joint in the State.
I point with pride, to what work I have
already accomplished in Medicine Lodge
and Klowa. Both towns are devoid of
joint* because of my work, and no one
will deny it."
Appeals to Teraperanoe Advocates
to Pay Her np.es So Her
Crusade May Not Be
Mrs. Carrie Nation Plans
New Victories While in
. Prison.
HOPES TO WRECK
OTHER SALOONS
ROOKS TO LET— Turn. >nd Vntun.
Alf^BORX HOTEL., sa Grant vrc— 3e«t dol-
kr a day Jamlly hctal In dxr; pclitt attend-
i e; large roods; codeni conrealences;
t.-ocj 5r>e up: ftrst-c'tss meals I5c; free coach.
A- BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— R»in» »c
t- tl per nlrht; $1 26 to JS per wtJt, *nd Urht
csfkeeplsg; cpea all nlgtt.
BTBKKTT. H2S Market (eld No. 1SU)— Fur-
cthed mis., ruites, slntrle: al«o urffcrnlshed.
i:T.SH. E20 (The Ellrt— 2Clc*lr furnished imaij
rms; day. S5o up: tl M "P- Mrs. P. Ranft.
2:r>DT. R7— A email tunry s'.ngl* room, with
r j. U; hous*.
GITAKT <0*<The Ks.rarre>— Eleg-ctlr furnished
rat; stilus or eingle; traveler* ftecoJffiw-ttJ.
JR.OCD tOTJTKEIC'. eouthe_st corner Seyenth
ar.d Mission Us.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ls-gl's' r-rior; readlng-roota; elerator.
.ARKTX. B3V — Newlr furnished eunny rooms,
for genilezavn or — «»» ana wife; re««on_l)l«.
,AF TALMAS. IS20 Market st.— Suite or 2 or 3
rms: rrlvate; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
tE'^*IS place. It— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; elrirle or en rulte.
rALLISTER, ?r:Mr— Large bay-window room.
g-g, bath, grate. tS.
rCCVA €—. cor. Eighth— ICleely fureiehed
bay-window rocm . tl per week; tr— — lent.
Oe*V ARLINGTON. 1015 Market et.— Nicely
furnished rooms, 12 a week up; 33c e. day up.
IAR.RELL. 20— §ucr.y furnished rooms and
orSces; elevator; electric lights; day. w_., mo.
n'.HT, 174 — Sunny front par'.or. nicely fur-
nlehed: cultab'e for S rentlemen; bath; re«-
s enable.
OLK. t22— L'nJurnlehed and furnlfhtl rooms
tnr housekefjlns.
r-oiyK. S)»— in^ganOy furalshea «ucnr milt
T.nh ba.th.
*OSt, d\— Two un'urelshed rooms for rent;
PsetCstast Christian rreferrefl; nelthrr drink
nor rsioke.
1OTAL JioriKf. Z.ZS EHit" St.— Incan'l<>«c«'r.t light:
rfadlns-room, emolclnr-rooni end ladies' par-
W; rooms, per nisfct. 25c to fl 60: we*lc, 12 to
IS; month, JS to JSO; elevator on Erour.4 floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
1OSEDALE Houee. 3*9 and £n EMU «t.-Roonn,
| lileht. 26c to tl: week, tl 25 to i*: open eight.
1SG:B— I rooms; s«DaraU en-
Lr trance; l'pht tcl sunr.y; rent $7.
¦HERMAN Apartment House. ZS EljtV.th St.,
Biiftr Market— Famished or usfumlfhed.
¦:XTII, ll? A— Front rocrr.B, double and single ;
¦ cas: running water; fireplaces.
ftTEVKN'SON. C31HB— A widow withes a few
roomers: pew get.
TM. comer California. — Euasy front
Brooms, elr.grle or en suite. •
¦"TTER, SPH— Changed hanfin r.ewlr reno-
&•¦"•*•¦". single rooms, ?*; suites, til to J25 mo.
B/TTER. :«:S-Two nicely furr-Ji;he<i ro<->m«
Juith ill rtiodyni ccnveciences; rent re«s-nable.
ITRK. 1T6— Furr.'.ihefi sunr.y fror.t room suit-
Hfthle for J gentlemen er man ar,d wife.
¦ ALnNCTA, 471. e«t Slrteesth— Sonny front
JBr ¦~zn. kltcSwo e.n2 bath.
¦ AI^nNCIA. 471. rr. Ifth — Eunny frcr.t room;
H^'iltabls for two gentlemen.; private family.
¦ HP.ANCH off.'"* fcr C-'l suJverlisemer.ts ana
'^rPUbacriptlon* has been eytabUshed at 1036
adTertl semen t« scd subscriptions
•^p#ive3 at Call brar.ch ofP.'-'i, 2»0 Fillmore st.
¦7KAPEST ana best In America— The Weekly
8P ~ 1( pares, cer.t to any z-itrt-r In th*
SB '.': :•« ' P-: ¦> - or Canad& on* year for il,
| nOOMS AXD BOARD^
tjfl th* cli Stevenson manalon. ocp. Ormc*
¦ Church, with annex S&7 California et.. may :
found a niort exceptionally gooi tab'.e, at-
aad elgKlly rocms at modest rates.
|B"XIS. KT— Sunr.y bay-wlnflow room, with
f&y itrd. 't two p>bi!/ibwi.
i SPECIAL NOTICES]
EKad tecarts ejected for (4: collections mad*;
¦c!ty er country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
SJSJC* Mor.tr" rr.erv rt.. rooirt g-10: t»l. ES80.
t\MXG MACHINES ASH SCPPLIEs!
¦(-'- kir.£s bourht. sold and repairing pu^rar.-
Chsjiea Plambeck. If 15 Mission, nr. ISth.
|^FIlIkln<5» bourbt. aold. rented, exchanged, re^
¦paired ; open even. : phene Elack 1124. M6 4th.
told, rented, repaired; needles and
J*huttW: reflucad rates. 145 <th: rh^ne Mint 5.
l| SLOT MAC 11 1 >' ES.
wFLCY machines— Latest etyle: Sid each. 1157
j* Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
"1 STOIIAGE AXD AVAJIEHOUSES.
BROS., ftcrace acd moving; covered
J^arj. Tenth ar.d Market; phone South 761.
Hi-K.l.Nb Van and Storage Co., 72! Mission St.;
Ma!n 1*iO: fhlrplng gt cut ratpy.
¦ TYPEWniTHRS ASTD SUPPLIES.
RrEAT BAKOAINS IX TTPEWRITTERS^TV-e
BtcU better machines for leas money than any
M r-rr tn the city; rentals, S3. The Typewriter
636 California: telephone Main 2t6.
WLWATS bixgains in typewriters; any mike.
fcr rrlccs to L. £ tl. ALEXANDER,
Bt*' f M^ntgrrr.^ry ft.
\ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
¦TIDEXD NOTICE-Californla Sa'e Deposit
r.d Trust Company, corner California and
•^¦-tcntrcniery ets — For the eix monihe ending
* ¦ vcec-ber 81. 1&00, dividends iiave been de-
¦¦iared on depoeits in the savings department
this company at follows: On term de-
at the rate of £ 6-10 per cent per an-
Ipum. er.4 en ordinary deposits at th* rate of
¦* p-r cor.t r+T annum, free of taxer. and pay-
¦|.H( oa and aft^r W^needay, January 2.
D' I Dividends ui.called fcr are wiiti to the
Hrinfiral ar.d bear tin sam» rate . f dividend
HB* t.Vri-inc'pa.1 from and after ."anuary 3,
J. UALZELL BP.OWX. Manager.
'HlF* Continental Suilding and Loan Associa-
¦ion. _I tansorae Et.. ha« for the year end-
¦*'-£ December SI. "500, declared a dividend of
H per cent per annum on ordinal-.- deposit*
-¦n'a 6 r*T c<?nt on term der>c»slts.
P WM. COR R1N, f»cr<>t a ry.
notice — Security Eavinss Bank Zii
Ft..' MJUs Du!loin«r— For the half-
¦ *-a.r »ndlnjf IVcember 31. ISjO. divSdi-ads on
¦L-rm dei>o»its at the rate of three a~nd elx-
<8 (-1") rxr cent per annum, and on or-
deposit* at the rate of tfcr»e <l) per
Bpnt por annum, free of tax*s. w.U !•« pay-
"¦ble on and af*er January 2. 1WL
B B. L. ADBOT JR.. Secretary.
Hi- 1CK cf Tfce Hlh»m!a Barings and LoaJi
¦Bociety. comer Market, McAllister and Jones
H» - San Francleco, Dec. IS, 1W0.— At a reg-
B'-'' meeting of the Board cf Directors of this
: BR "'".:¦- held this day, a dividend has been
at the rate cf three and cne-eighth
"M:Vt) per cer.t p»r annum en all deposits for
¦ i° rlx racnths ending December S!, lt'<0, frc
H "'• all taxes, and payable on and after
W^k nu&ry 2. :>'j .
V ItOBERT J. TOBCV. Secretary.
B*riNGS~aT!d Loan Society. 1W Montsromery
¦t., corner of Suttcr— The Board cT Directors
¦ •clarea a dividend for the term ending De-
Hfc :r.\ ' r SI. VfVS, at the rste ot thre« and nne-
HKuarter (3'<) per cent per annum on all de-
SflB' •;*-*. free of taxes, ar.d payable on and after
Uanuary 2. 1*01. Dividends not called for are
jy5 ¦.-'. to. and b»ar the Fame rate cf dividend
B' the principal, .from ar.d after January 1,
H^Cl. CTRX'tftW. CARMAXT. Cashier.
tl'KXD NOTlCi;— ?5utuai Savirgs Bank of
} M ' r • Franrtsju. S3 Post st!— For the half year
¦ «r.ding Ix.-rfniber 81. K-XJO. a di\-idend has been
jmc*'K<r<i at the rate rt three <3) j«r cent per
¦ » : • uni on ell deivifUs, free of taxee. p*y-
¦ tt > ca and aft*>r Wtd nesday, Jar.oarj' 2. 1901.
1 GnOUGE A. KTORT. Caahl. r.
¦ ir.!EOLDT Savings and Loan Society, II
¦ Crary «t.— The directors have declared a dlrl-
S<i-'. of C'« per cent per annum on its de-
¦ posits, payable on and after January 3, 1$<81.
9 ERN'EST BRAND. Secretary.
¦ 'rvi::xKI> NOTICE— Divided No. 112 (fifty
¦ '»r.u per «hare> cf the Oceanic Steamship
H< -n :>i!:y »-lil b» pay&b> at the office cf
BV ¦ * cempacy, SZ7 Market et., on and after
»V«Sr.esday, January 2. 1S01. Transfer books
H'-ose en WefineEday, December it, 1900. at i
r^rl^ck p. m. I*:. H FHELTjON. Secy.
V LEGAL AD^-EBTISEMEJfTS.
¦Hi: pOUia is hereby Ir.fcrmed that the Cura-
Htor cf State property will sell at aoctlon. at
BL* ¦«.;•»••* <Tahltl). o» the 6th cf Fabmary.
JH> .1, the fine Government schooner "Papeete"
. ¦ -1C totjs burden, with all its ealls and rig-
¦nr, the whole la excellent condition; xhs
ym>-: :r.s t'd will be rJ5.CO0 francs; this vessel
!W '!'- at San Francisco, In 1E?2, may b« con-
|^p*rtefi into either a yacht or a taerchxnt vea-
|^*l «t w moderate cort.
KlRTBS— HABBIAQE8— DEATBti
R3rth. marrlar* and death notices sent by
Sn '- «*Jl! net be Inserted. They murt be haJiiJed
¦ *i either of the publication offices wnd b»
; ¦l.'ri'.d with the name and resldenoe of per-
¦ t'RCH— In this city. December St.' 1M0, to
¦ 'M 1 * *¦¦* ¦* Cherley FL O;urch. a daughter.
Une cf T>\ oo^llana.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves Saa Francisco, via Saosallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS....t:U a. a.; l:« aad 4:00 p. m.
6UKDATB.. t.-OO. 10:00. 11:30 aad 1:U p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return,
tl 40. .
N£W TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OWS.
T?ck«t offlcgn. Cl Market »t. Raus»l!to F»ttt
From Sin Francisco TuMdays and Thurtdayt —
EVERYWHERE es.t '
j^^tK^^I £31 MarUst Street.
H^tlnflf^iBl Ssn^ Fnnc:ieo.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 SEAB5TST. XstabUsbed
In 1KS4 for tbe tr»»u_r*at of Prl»»t«
Di.vasei. Lost Maouood. Debility or
dl.vase wearing on body and mind aad
Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctor cures- when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
4ur«-« ruMrno !<¦«¦¦!. Call or writ*.
5>r. JI. **. <J1BUO\, baa Francisco. Cat.
$1 00
A YEAR,
16
PAGES.
The Greatest
iCO. ILLUSTRATED PAPER P^ YL
'•""- I OF THE WE8T-THE I
WEEKLY CALL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSCU AND . HURTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«iry, Foot of Market St. . -
San Francisco to San Rafael."
WKEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:90 a. m.; 12:15. l:».
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:3*
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59 aad
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:M. 1:39, 5:00,
8:20 p. m. - . -
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAY&-6:lO. 7:60. >:20. 11:10 a. m.; 11:4*.
3:49, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and t:35 p. m. ' • -"¦"¦'
SUNDAYS— 8:10, S:4S, 11:18 a. m.; 1:4*. <:M. 6:0*.
¦ :25 p. rn. "¦
Between San Franciscv and Schuetien Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [Nov. 7, 1900. I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. I Destination. | days. | ¦ Days.
'7:30 am 8:00 am . Novato, 10:40 am 8 Mi am
' 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma.- 6:05 pm 10:55 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Ron. 7:35 pm 1:13 pm
' . ' . Fulton. •
7:30 am -Windsor. 10:18 am
Healdsburr. i :
Lytton. ¦
Oeyserrlllt,
1:30 pm »:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm <:23 pro
7:30 am] I Hopland I I
I 8:00 ami and Ukiah. f 7:35 pmf 1:2a pm
7:30am ¦-.".-- 1 10:35 am
- -j 8:00 am Ouernertlle. I 7:35 pm
3:30 pm ¦-.:¦¦-¦¦ •- '.- " I . . 1:12 pm
7:10 am 3:00 am Sonoma 11:15 am 8:43 am
• :• . ¦ and - . J • ¦-...-.
5:10 pm 8:00 pm GlgnEllen. | 1:06 pm »:M pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami '. 110:40 am|10:» am
3:30 pmf 6:00 pmf Sebastopol.' I 7:35 pmf 1:8 pm
Stages connect at Santa, Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; s,t Fulton
for Attrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Sprints; it
Geyservtlle for Skaggs Sprints; at Cloverdal*
for the- Gsysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bmrtl«tt
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake., Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porao. Potter 'Valley,
John Day's, Riverside.' Llerley's, BuckneU's.
eanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr's-Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
WlUets. Laytonvlle, Camming:. Bell's Springs,
Harris, Cisens, Dyer, Scotia and Eurelu
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced • rates. 3ttSOBI>4M«Bsss«lp(aaMB«Msjia^|saJI
, On -Sundays, round-trip tickets- to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bulld-
1DC. R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. -Art.
,' Gen. Manager.
THt MEN IN CHARGE of the.
Burlington Overland Excursions nave
crossed the continent scores of
times. They know all the" points of
interest er. . rout6. They help tt>
make you ENJOY your. trip.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry-
Commencing September SO. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-«:55. n:15. 11:00 s. m.. *1:43.
3:15. 4:00. 6:15. S:15. 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Ban'
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDATS— •3:00. •10:00, »ll:S0 a. m.. n*lS,
1:15, M:45. l:S0. 9:6o p. m. .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM RAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:20, »«r30. 7:45. 9:30 a. m.,
?12:W. 1:45. «3:30. 4:30. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 1:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20, •S:00. «10:00. »11:4S a. m..
•1:40. »2:15. 4:43. •«:*> p. m.
Trains marked (•> start from San Qnentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:46, 1:43. 7:55. »:30 *. m..
12:35, 2:10. J:SO. 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:05. 10:06 a. m.. 12:05. »:15. l.ZX
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. - m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
S:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations. vismtaaKsamtata9t^iMMt»i!maaKmts
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
LEAVE MARKET-STREET rgRRT DEPOT.
Local Over- Stoek-
,, Express land ton
. Dally. Dally. Local.
Leave-
San Fraxfisco 7:20 am 1:00 pm 4:20 om
Arrive— ,
Stockton 10:25 am 11:05 pm 7:23 pn»
Merced 12:25 pm 1:15 am .........
Fresno 2:23 pm 3:05 am... .
Handford .... 4:22 pm 7:06 am
Visall* 4:10 pm 4:45 am ..._...
TuUre 4:27 pm 5:05 am .........
Bakersfield ... 6:50 pm , 7:tO am „,
Kansas City 7:30 am
Chicago 9:00 pm
» A. It train Is the CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Corresponding train arrives at 5:."*- P. M. dally
4:20 P. M. is STOCKTON LOCAL. Corre-
sponding train arrives 11:05 A. M dally.
8:00 P. M. is the OVERLAND EXPRESS,
with through Palace and Tourist Slaepers
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 P. M. dally
7:20 A. M. Is BAICER3FIELD LOCAL, stop-
pingr at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 A W M. dally.
OFFICES-441 MARKET ST. as3 In FERRT
DEPOT. SAN FRANCISCO; 1113 BROADWAT.
OAKLAND.
There is a quaint little fish which
haunts the weed tracts of the gulf stream
and there builds its nest and lays Its eggs
like a bird rather than a llsh. This ani-
mal—the antennarlus— imitates in color
the weed it lives it, and, like the chame-
leon, constantly changes its color.
NOT "tTSTJRERS,
Yet Will Receive Four Hundred
Thousand Per Cent on an In-
- vestment.
C. H. Denton of 2320 H street, Sacra-
mento, drew 5400 00 on a TEN CENT tick-
et of Henry S. Cahn & Co.'s LJttle Bene-
flcencia Lottery in the drawing of Dec.
27th. Mrs. Flora Harris, the wife of H.
Harris, a tailor on FHlmore street, be-
tween Bush and Pine. San Francisco, also
drew $400 00 in the same drawing.
5 Both : of these fortunates will receive
their money in full by presenting their
tickets at the office of the company. •
No. Prls«.|No.-.* - Prise. No. Prlxe.
68883 , »20«f0M........ 20 6921S..... ...20000
*63334... ...... 20 69349;. ' 40 69449........ 20
69555 20 69684; 20 69727 iH
69814. ;...".. .i 20 S989J... 40 69934........ *0
63930 '....'- 100 MM5: 20 70006... 39
"0037 • 20 WH9.. ...... 1070072 20
70275........ >A20 70518........ 20 70638... 100
70«l........-;V»7«)CT.V 40 70984........ 100
71112........ - 40 71239 100 71310... 20
71549 20 71553 100 71573 40
71593 ; : 40*71714 '200 71730 ¦ IOC
71746.......; -40,71808.. ...... 20 71933 40
72111 .40,72206 20 72294...:.... 20
72370........ 20 72377 20 72427 M
72563 4073389 20 72SM 40
.72957........ ; 20 73013^...... 600 73018 40
73051... 40 73128 40 73131... 20
73203 297-319 20173451 100
73458 40 73496 40|73740 20
78742.:..;... 20 73797 20 73944.. 100
73957........ 20 74051 20)74188 20
74267. 20 74276.. 20 74322 2<X>
74376 40 74447 20 74559 20
74653 100074671 40 74833 -20
7513S... 20 75178 100 75197... 1000O
75247........ £0 75383........ 40 75449 £0
75513........ 100 75677 20 75807 „ 2)
75S44. 100 75849 20175915 20
75932 20 75943 40 75983 SO
76040 20 76071. 200176078 4»
761» 100176162 20I761SS 20
"6340 20 76404.....:.. 43176425 £0
"6598 20076736 20|76S73 59
77033.. 20177110 20 77361 100
7747S " 20177638. 40 77544.. 44
77611..V 20177983........ 20 780S8 23
78150.... 20 78541 20 78553 40
78661 20179167 20 79173 20
79186........ 20 73452 40 7946J 20
79552 20 79368.. 20 79689 M
79695 100 79753........ 40 79S92 «
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 4M2S to 4912S. In-
clusive, being SO numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prise of $60,000—160.
One hundred numbers from 6916* to S9268. In-
elusive, being SO numbers on each side of the
number drawing ' capital prize of 120,000— $40.
One hundred numbers from 75147 to 75247. In-
clusive, .being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $10,000— $20.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
. V; Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 78, being the last two figures of the
number drawing the capital prize of $60,000— $20.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
Ing with 18, being the last two figures of the
number drawing tha capital prlzs of 120,000 — $20.
No. 49078 draws first capital prize of $60,000,
sold in San Francisco, Cal. ; Denver. Colo.
No. 69218 draws second capital prize of $20,000.
sold In Meiida. Yuc. ; Xuevo Laredo, Tarns.;
, Puebla. Pue.: Mexico, D. F.
, No. 75197 draws third capital prlza of $10,000.
sold In New Tork City. N: T.
Noa. 20292, 21081, 80497, 659C5 and 74639 draw
each S1C00, sold in Vicksburg. Miss. ; San An-
tonio, Texas; Mexico: San Francisco, Cal.; St.
; Louis, Mo.; Chattanooga, Tenn.: Peorla. 111.;
Easton. Pa.; Houston. Tex., and Belton. Tex.
DR. GREGORIO ORTVE.
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intenrenor.
NUMBERS
' v'.— -op "the— - ; ;
BENEFIGENGIA PUBLICA
City of Mexico, December 27,. 1 900.
No, Prlza. No. Priae. No. Priae.
IS 4.0 151 20 269......:. • 20
$72.:...... 40 722 40 85« 20
889........ 20 1051... "23 114S.:....« 20
1*21.. ...... 100 1405........ 20 1418 ...' SO
1683........ 40 1618. :....¦.. '20 1624 -'»
1380........ 29 21)42........ 40 2133 40
2140........ 20 2174........ 100 2271;....... ; 20
2304........ 40 2402... 40 2427 20
2529........ 20 2550........ 20 25«9.'....... * 20
2591 40 2604 i» 2681 • 40
2753:. 40.2953........ 20 3030 4-}
8049 ~40 3084......... -20 3142..:..../ 20
3157........ 500 3160......... 20 S288. ....... 100
3319........ 20 3287........ 20 S440. ....... 40
«538 .--_• 20 S587. ....... 20 8702 20
377«.. ...... 40 S797.-. 20 3832........ 40
384S: 40 3870........ 40 4016 100
4041.'....;.. . 100 4083........ 40 4151........ 100
4192 20 4331 .100 4430........ 100
4591....;... 40 460S 20 4611: 200
4G87 .20 4711 100 4726 1U0
4840 40 4846. 100 5006 40
6310........ 100 6319 20 6337.. .. 100
636S 40 6384 40 5540........ 40
5621...;.... 40 6729... 20 5768..*. 20
68SS.. ...... 20 8287... 20 6500........ 20
6648........ 20 6779........ 20 6S27. ....... 20
6901 40 7019 40 7047........ '20
7331... 40 747S ... 40 7558... 20
7806 300 7816 40 8044 20
80S8 20 8110 20 8182 ".. 20
8321........ 100 8410........ 20 84T4 20
8«86 -20 8783........ 20 8811...'....". 100
8900 20 8942 > 20 9059... 20
8146 20 9293 40 9316 20
9429 ...40 9494 20 8527 20
9559 20 9593......:. 40S645 20
8761 !20 9854....:... 20 9870.. 20
9888........ 20 10084........ 40 10065 20_
10130 2010202... 4010218... 20
10220 -20 10249...'...-.. 40 10465 40
10567 2010599... 20 10557........ 41)
10660 4010688 100 10845.. 20
10883........ 20 11130........ i 40 11255.... ' -20
11296.... ¦ 40 11411 2011475 100
11546 40 11679 20 11720 20
11795 20 11866 100 11918 40
11959. -20 11972 '.20 12001; 40
12064........ 40 12151.. 4012285 40
12515. 100 12710 20 12764........ 40
13417 .-..- 20 13453 40 13591 40
13617.. 40 13680........ 20 13681.. 20
13715 40 13758 20 13769 20
13776 20 13852 40 13S65 20
13989 40 14134 40 14144........ 4 1 )
14172 100H218 200 14237 100
14279 10014553 100 14761........ 40
15001. 100 150S4 20 15278 20
15379 40 15740 40 15749... 20
15783 100 15799 20 15S09. ....... 40
15900........ 1C0 16022........ 20 16168 - *>
16198 100 16206........ 200 16309... 20
16367... 20 16402........ 20 16670..;..... 20
16698 40 16777.. 20 16893 41
16919 20 16970 20 17040........ 20
17151 20 17159 49 17194 . 20
17238.... 100 17328........ 40 17370 «
17679 40 17823.. 40 17836.... 40
17872 2017888. 100 17377 2i
18189.. 40 18197........ 40 1S205. ....... 40
18240 40 18279 40 18303 4'J
18638 40 18671 20 1S692 20
18788 100 18791.. < 20 18872 25
18S87 20 18950 20 18967 23
18383 2015930..^.... 20 19014. 20
19112 100 19179 20 19451 4)
19634........ 20 19706 ...20 19857 40
1S934... . 10019997 20 20001......... 20
20013... 40 20022 20 20C62.. ...... 43
20220 20 20256 40 202t>2... lOOfl
20961 ¦ 2021050... 40 210S1 1C00
l^«5 41)21097 20 21214 .40
21'.S2., ...... 40 21314 40 21368., 2.1
21416 40 21579 20 21583 20
21843... 20 21907 20 21924 23
21967.. 40 22113 20 22122....;... 40
22136 100 22231........ 20 22315 • 43
22335..:...;. 20 22491........ 100 22370.. ' 20
22711 40 22776 20|22S9l 21
22S95.. 40 22913 .... 100 23001..; 20
22307 20|23422 20 23436 20
23437 20|234S7 20 23001 40
23716 20I23S63.. 20 23328 ; 40
24003..-. 20 24067 500 24079 100
24310 20 24472... 20 24321 21
24357 20 24373 20 24642 40
24715..". ' 20|24936.: 20 24973........ 40;
25018 2025053 49 25331 40
25133........ 20 23578 40 236S2 20
2*876 40 25S98. ....... 100 26050 : 40
26140 20 26287 40 26400 500
26728 20 26906 20 26964 20
27021. 20 27194 40 27211 ..40
27253 20 27362 40 27447. 40
27698 20 27713 20 27904 ' .40
28182.. 100 28134 40
2S326 20 28349... 20 2S526 40
28632 20 28849 20 2SSS5..: 20
29127........ 40 29199.. 4123205 20
23278 .... : L0|29503 * 20 29652 100
29716 5C0I29S30 '. 20 !9SK>2 200
29S98 20 23907 20129973 4U
30045 40|30O70........ 40J300R8 20
30"235 20 30275 20 30318 40
30S34 20 303SO 20 30420.../-.... ' 40
30443 200 30497........ 1000 30539 -2ft
305S0 20 30611.. 20 30632 20
30668........ ICO 30761 40 30953.. V>
30978 20 31340.... •.... 20 31378... 40
31S82 20 31474 20 81534 40
31629........ 20 31911 KiQ|22005 2'}
320SI 20 32217........ 100132425 4il
32509. 20 326S 1 " 20 32771..;..... VM
32785........ SO 33131 =40.13254 20
33459 100 33471 20 33776.... 2'>
33778........ 20 33829 41 33*49 20
S3S6S 4033926 • 20 33336........ 10!)
33981........ 20 34232........ 20l3«23 X.' 20
34472 200 3*483.. 20 34613 20
34759 20 34787 100 34797 20
34822 20 35012 20 35036....'.... . 20
33076 200 35103........ 100 33265......;. 2f)
35426 40135478..... 7.. 43 35563.... V..; 40
85675 30036074 20 36242... ...... . 20
36253 .20:36280 ;.. 20I3631S... 41
33517 *aOIJ6CSl..i . 20J3692S... 20
269C0 20137111 4O|371S3 20
37?20 40 37297...:.... 20137353 20
37401 .'10037424 40137464.. 40
$7487 :.'¦. 100 37579........ 20137657 40
37738........ 20 37787 100 37901 <l00 ,
37939........ 20 37979 20I38002.... '40'
38119........ 20 38298......... 20 38414........ 20
88595..;:..".. 20 3S650 40|38667 20
•38855 20 38390 20139165........ 20
S9171.. .: 20 39345... 20 39411... < 40
39348 40 30680. 20,29608.. 40
89768 40 39S31 40 39987.....;.. * 40
39998 500 40000 40 40091.. ...... 20
40194 100 M21.) 100 40267........ 4 1 )
4038<? 2040556 20OUO53* 20
40780. ".' 2OJ407S4-. -" 40 4OS17 100
40Sf«.. ...... '2040868........ 4014092.1 40
409*9 4041161. 20 41207........ 100
41S13........ 40 41216 20 41314... ' 20
41436.. 20|41447 20 41460 20
41503........ 20 41552 '...- 40 41640 40
41738........ 45)|41766 20 42052.... 40
42057. 20 42142.. 20|42236.. ...... 40
42309.'.; 20 42365.. 20 423S0... 40
42919........ 20 43097 40 43327 ...20
4?fi3S...;.... 40 43775.. 1 ...... 40 43963..;..... .' 2ft
4420S.. 20 44410 20 44333... 120
44371;....... 100U462S 20 44677."....... ,40
44836...... ..*¦ 40|41S98 100 44902. 20"
44W9. ..' 40 45023... 20 45112... 40
452S3. ....... 2043315........ 20 45508.. \ 43
45523........ 20 45654 20 43759 200
45866.. .40 46177........ 2046553... 200
46551 20 46743... 100 46784. ...20
46797 20 46827........ 40 46887 10)
46928........ 20 46932 20 47032........ .23
47048 40 47366. 20 47400........ 40
47474 40 47600...;.... 20 478S3 100
47961 20 48050.. ....... 2048170 '20
48278 40 48533........ 20148336... 20
45582........ 20 48970. 20149021 40'
40044 .'.. 20 49078. .......60000143261. ....... 40
49307 2049323... 40149758 .20
45840. .-2049S71 20149974.. 41
50065 20 50144........ 20I50243.. 20
50364 100 50422........ 20)50491. 20
50500...;..;. "20 50784..;..... 40J50S02.. ¦...;."; 100
60924........" 40 M021.. ...... 20|oll22.. ..;... 20
BU32 2061162.. 40|51416........ 40
6U6«.. ......-• 200 5137a........ " 20 J51574... •.'.,.. 100
B150S 4051628.. 4015173*. ....... 43
51921........ 100 51926.'....;.. 20151963 20
51S68 Zft 51991.. ' 100 52203........ 2!)
52216. -2OE234S. 40 52550 40
52713 200152756 2O152SS0 100
52939........ "20 32330.....'... 500152937.. '.-..... 20
63126........ 40l53272 40|533?4. ....... 40
• 533S5 .... 20153433 40 53463 ."V.W
53394...;.... 100 53602........ 40 53638.;.. :... 20
R3751 2053799 C. 40 53935 -20
53955........ SO 54042; 20J54062... 20
64091 20 54337. 40I54248. ....... 20
54360...;...." 100 M560 40|54631 40
64742. '-'. 40 54793. 40 54847 .'... ,-20
64870........ : 40 54951.. ¦ 500 55104....:... 20
63179.;...... . 20 551?! .; .'•¦ 40 55300... .'.¦... -40
55476 1W) 555S9........... 40 55905/ .1000
66041.... 20 56049 .1 200 56174 41
663T.1........ 2015636S........ 20*56378........ 20
B8392 20I56409 40 36425..."..... 40
58470... MOI56497 2056552... 20
56615........ 40I&6622 ; 20156875.. 2.1
JS68S5..'.:..;. 20I56921.. ...... « 40|5702«.......; 2J
'B7038..Y:.... : 20J57106. ;...... 200 57165........ 200
57172.. 20I57188 20 57220.. 20
57375 .100157418.....;.. 20157474........ ,20
57708........ 20 57717..;..... 100 57774..;..... 40
57816........: 40 58199........ 20I5S319. ....... 20
88417.:. 10058507. 10015SS04. ....... Zrt
(8871.:.....-: 20 58910........ 10159128.. ...... 2s)
69197..."..... 30 5920*.;...... 40159630........ 20
69649........ 20 59S92.. ...... 40 59958.'....-... 100
69964........ 20 60117........ 20 60259.;...... 100
•0801. ....... 20 60338..:..... .^40 60363.. l«l
M651...V.... 20 6077!...;.... 20 60813. ........ ' 21
60856. ....... 20!61157.:...... 20 61324.;...... 20
61420.."...*.;. .-»i«1336:.. -.-..-.. 40 61638....;... .20
61732......... 200161915.. 100 61932........ 40
6194S. ..:;...• • 20 622S0. ....... '20 623S1;. ..;... f)
62466....:... 20 62557..;....; * 40 62601........ 40
62776.,......; 20 62868....;.'.. 40I62S73..;..... . 100
63093..,...;. 20l«3115..\.:... : 40!63334........ 40
638S2..:.. 20I63477..;.;... 40163654......... 501
63775........ 40163799....:... 20153837. ;...... - -40
64112........ 100164184... ....r 20J64266........ ' 43
«4338.:...... 20164539......... 40(64790......... s 100
64948..'...... \*<40!650S2.r..:.;. 20165070.......; SO
63164.-..'..... ¦' 40!63178......i. 20163339...:.... 2.1
B5552.. 100165570..:..;.. , 40I65G16. ;."....-. ;-20rt
65627...'..... 401637W).. :.;-... 40I65800........ 20:1
65S«<» .'.;.;..;¦ 20l6.'915.......; 20:6.-|96.'... .100
66064..:.'..*:. 2O0J661R5... ;.::.- 20166210. *...Y.;r ¦ 2ft
66377. * 200166383....'.... •0016S462...:; ~. ' Uo
RM69. ......'. " ¦ : 100166476.... .... ¦20!86634.'.7...V: ' 41
66682........ 30166709.-.;....^. y|66740.;..v:-. 1H
«68l8. ...:... 20)66913...:.... . 40l6fi960. ....... . 20"
67292........ 20167449.. ...... Iftij67472.;.....r '41
«759?....V... -:•" 2O;«77S3......V. • 20!5777!>.. ;::;.. 41
67881 r. -..-.v..-; 20i€8iS5.*...r.:. -.znlMiss.:;;-;..-.;.. y,
S8216. •;-...-.:. - 4i!«s2ss.:;;.r.. . 40!es«>2.v..T..".iv2O
68333."....... 4?!6S-ss6. ...;... *»|Mf43. ..;;:.; ~2»
DIED.
Alexander. Bernard MoOralth. Thomas -
Anderson. Lexi McElra&y, Olivia A.
Baruch. Mori:* McGowan, Patrick
Casey. Irene McNamara. Patrick
Oaseldy. PhlUo Moore. Mr.
Coughlln. Maud Morrison. Ann
Cramer. Josephine Pfarrer. EH eanor B.
EdselL Jaoob W. Picasso. Frank -
' Foster. Edgar M. Rooney, Francis
Gillian, Christopher Rosman. Peter
Greenwood. William Roy. Allen J.
Hegelund. Ida, W. C. Schafer. Catherine
Jaxnleeon. Anna A. Sohmala. Marlam
Kenneally.Bridget Seely, John A.
Kullman. Herman Smith. Edward
Lacouma, Baslle v Smith. Jarris
Loulxllle. Earah Smith. John "W. .
Lutsmann, Henry Btoddar. Eben
Lynch. Arthur A- Woodcock. Oeorg* T.
ALEXANDER— In this city. December SO, 1300,
Bernard Alexander, husband of Flora Alex-
ander, and father of Isador. Henry. Mitchell
and Jacob Alexander, a native of Prussia,
a^ed 70 rears.
CTThe funeral will take place thia day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall. Seventh and Market streets. Interment
Drivate. Please omit flwoers.
ANDERSON— In this city. December 23. 1J00.
Lars Andersen, a native of Norway, aged 67
years.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2423 Mission atreet. near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BAEUCH- In this city, December », U00,
Maritz Baruch, beloved brother of Simon,
Isidor and Bemhard Baruch. Mrs. B. Blu-
menth&l and Mrs. I. Eichwald. a native of
Loebau. Germany, aged 88 years s months
and 23 days. (New York. St. Louis and Los
Angeles papers pleaae copy.)
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to At-
tend tbe funeral services this day (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray
& Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by train leaving Third
. axd Townsend atreets at 11:30 o'clock.
MEMBERS of Golden Gate Council. United
Commercial Traveler* and Paclflo Coast Com-
mercial Travelers, will assemble at N. Gray
& Co.'s parlors at 10 o'clock.
CASEY— In this city. Irene, beloved daughter
of John J. and Mararet Casey, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year 7 months and 23
days. *
CTFTiend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 42 Morris avenue, between Harrison
and Bryant streets.
CASSIDY— In this city. December SO, 1900.
Philip, beloved ron of the late Mary and
Philip CasEidy, and brother of Mrs. Mary
HaJpin, the late Thomas, Joseph and Alice
Cassidy and Mrs. Annie Mehegan, a native
of San Francisco, aged SO years 10 month*
ana 20 liavc.
CT Friend s and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of his elster, Mrs. Mary Halpin. .867 Harrison
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for aer-
vlcee at 12:20 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross -
Cemetery.
COUGHUN— In this city. December 80. 1300.
Maud, beloved and only child of Daniel and
Teresa. Cou^hJln. a native of Marysvllle, Cal.,
aged 11 years 5 months and 8 days.
CItAMER— In Sew York City. December 22.
lVOrt, Josephine Cramer, beloved sister of Mrs.
Annie Doyea., and niece of John Cramer,
Mr*. Mary Wallace and the late Mrs. Hannah
Donohue, a native of Hyannis, Mass.
CJTKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeVal this day
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to Et. Ignatius Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her fouI, commencing at 8:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDSELL— In this city, December 23. 1300,
Jaccb W. Edsell, beloved son of Mrs. D. P.
Smith, and brother of Mrs. w. A. Burns, a
native of New York City, aged 40 years 11
montho and 2S, days.
C7"Ttie funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
his l.rother-in-law. W. A. Burns. 20S Valen-
cia street. Interment strictly private, Cy-
press Lawn* Cemetwy.
FOSTER— In Oakland, December 30. 1900, Ed-
par M. <.X«>d) Foster, beloved husband of
Karsnie A. Foster, and father of Eddie Fos-
ter, a native of Missouri, aged 51 years.
GILLIGAN— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated this day tMonday), for
the repose of the eoul of the late Christopher
tillligan at St. John's Church (Old St. Mary's
College), commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
GRKENWOOD^In this city. December 2S, 1900,
at his residence, 172 Clinton Park. William,
eon of the late Her.ry and Hannah Greenwood,
and beloved brother of George, Richard, Jaine
and Leah Greenwood and Mrs. W. W. Mead,
a ratlve of San Francisco, aged 34 years.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HEGELUND— In Alameda. December 2?, 1300,
Ida W. C. beloved wife of the late Jacob R.
Hegelund. and mother of Mrs. Serena E. Cox
and Harry R. H*Kelun'd, a native of Den-
mark, aged ***> years 4 months and 19 days.
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
;Tjesday), at JI o'clock, from the famfly resi-
dence. 2413 Buena Vista avenue, Alameda. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
JAM1E&OX— In this city, ' December 2S. 1900,
Anna Amanda, dearly beloved daughter of
Jarncs W. and Amanda Jamieson. and sister
of Helen L. and Daniel J. Jamieson. a native
of Pueblo. Colo., aged 16 years 3 months and
£0 days.
CTfricnis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence cf
her jj arents. fcl2 Hampshire street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Twentieth and Guerrero streets.
KENNEALLY— In this city, December 29, 1900,
Bridget, beloved wife of the late John Ken-
v»ally. and beloved mother of Thomas, Wil-
liam." Charie*. John. Jot=eph, Henry and Fran-
cis KenneBlly and the late Mrs. Marr.ie Mur-
phv. a native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
(C7"rhe funeral will take place this day
Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
KULLMAN— In this cltj\ December SO, 1900,
Herman, beloved husband of Amalia Kull-
man, and father of Jacob and Herbert Kull-
man, Mrs. Alpbonee Judis. Mrs. Jacob Adler
and Mrs. Edward Salz, a native of Ungstein,
Germany, aged 63 years 7 months and 12 days.
(Stockton and Benlcla papers pleas* copy.)
EXFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to att'-nd the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at P:SO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2109 Broadway. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock. Kindly
omit flowers.
1.ACOUME— In Modesto, Stanislaus County.
December 2», 1S00, Baaile Lacoume. a native
of France, aced 27 years.
LOUJZILLE— In this HtyX December 80. 1300,
Sarah Liuizille (nee Keervvn), beloved mother
of Sin. J. J. Colling, Mrs. \Loulse Meyer an'l
Mrs. Badle Morton, a nathV of Count/ Ty- ,
rone, Ireland, aged 74 years^6 months and 6 |
days.
LUESMANN— In this city. December 2?. 1900.
Henry Luesmann. beloved father of AmalU
Lutsmann, a native of Schleswlg-Holstein,
Germany, aged 70 years 9 months and 6 days.
C5"Fri*-ndB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1E2S California street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
HALL of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W., 32
O'Farrell street: The funeral escort is her«by
notified to assemble at the hall this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother. Hepry Luesmann. Fines
will be strictly enforced. By order of
. T. W. WARD. Master Workman.
II. GRIMSHAW. Recorder.
LYNCH— In this city. December 29, 1900, at his
residence. 26A Silver street. Arthur Ambrose
Lynch, beloved son of John and Abble Lynch,
and dearly beloved brother of Joseph, Mar-
guerite and the lale Walter and Mabel Lynch,
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 10
months and 16 dare.
tnTFrieniis and acquaintances] are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
«Tuesday). at 12:30 o'clock, from h's late resi-
dence, 26A Silver street, thenc* t ¦vgt. Rose's
•Tiurch for services at 1 o'clock: Interment
Holy Cro>s Cemetery.
MeOnAITH— In the City and County Hospital.
December 29. 1300. Thomas McCraith. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 67 years.
McELMAY— In San Rafael. December 29. 1900,
Olivia A. McElmay, beloved daughter of
Mary McElmay, and sister of Mamie McEl-
may. a native of San Rafael, aged 27 years
1 month and 56 days.
fTTFrirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
rMonday), at 9:30 o'clock, front her late resi-
dence, G and Fourth streets, thence to 8t.
Raphael's Church, where a rtoulem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. t
McGOWAN— In this city, December SO. 1900,
Patrick, beloved husband of Kate J. Mo-
Gowan. and father of Henrv H. McGowan
and Mrs. George M. Jewett a native ot Ire-
land, aced 74 years 9 months and 16 days.
(St. Louie. Mo., and Sacramento and Marys-
ville, Cal.. papers please copy.) ,
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McNAMARA— In this city. December W. 1300.
Patrick McNamara. dearly beloved ' husband
of the late Ann McNamara, beloved father of
Mrs. P. O'Donnell and. William and Edward
McNamara. and brother of Mrs. P. Mahoney
of Petaluma, a native of Ireland, aged 75
years S months and S days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALUBRS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
J7 and 2> Fifth at. Tel.' South 1«7.'
FCHEBAL DIRECT0K3 AND EK3ALMEIU.
Fisett Equipment at Moderate Rates.
meAVOY d: CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
Id Market St.. between Eth and 5th. f
Telephone South . 247. ¦ I
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral thla day
(Monday), «.t 8:80 o'clock; from his lat© resi-
dence, 1080 Hampshire street, between Twen-
ty-second and . Twenty- third, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth, where a solemn reouiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repos* of his soul,
commendnr at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cro«B Cemetery. ¦ •
MOORB-In l this city, December 29. 1900, Mr.
Moore, beloved husband of 'Mathilda Moore,
and father of Samuel Moore, a •» native of
Hampden, Me., aeed 87 years 1 month and
24 days. ¦ • •-...- . • .
SIORRISON-r-In this olty, December 29, 1900,"
;Ann Morrison, beloved sister of Maggie and
Roee Morrison, a native of Donegal. Ireland,
aced SO yeara.
(L^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(atonday), at 8:80 o'clock, from, her late reslj-
dence, so«8 Sixteenth street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem hlgb mass
will be celebrated for the repose ot her soul,
commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery. ¦ '
PFAHHEHr-In this clty« December 89, J#00.
Eleanor Bdlth. dearly teloved daughter of
Charles T. and Johanna Pfarrer. and grand-
daughter of Mrs, A. O. Muller. a native of
Ban Francisco, ared 7 months and 24 days.
C7Fr!endB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 8514 Twenty-first street, corner
of Dolores. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by funeral car from Twenty-second and
Guerrero streets.
PICASSO— In thta ' city, December : 30, 1900,
Frank Picasso, dearly beloved stepson of Bar-
tolomto Gatto, brother of William Picasso,
and stepbrother of Louis Gatto, a native of
Ean Francisco, axed 2S years and 8 months.
C7Frlends tuid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
January 1, 1901. at 9 o'clock, from his late
resldcnoe, 826 Francisco street, between Powell
and StcV.'ton. Interment New Italian Ceme-
•trr. near Colma.
ROONEr— In this city. December K. 1900, Fran-
da Rooncy, a native of Dublin. Ireland, aged
73 years. ¦ " ' '.
cy Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the Chapel of
the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hospi-
tal, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his i soul, com-
mencing: at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cro6s Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
ROSMAN— In this city. December 80. 1900. Peter
Roeman, a native of Roskllde. Denmark, ared
47 years.
ROT— Xear Fairfax, Marin County, Allen
James, beloved son of John A. and Barbara
Roy, a native of San Francisco, ag-ed 10
years 9 months and 27 days.
C7The funeral services will be held this
day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at the residence
of Mrs. Marearet Hayward, 1023 Shotwell
street, between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-
fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ECHAFER— In this city, December 8», 1900,
Catherine Schafer, wife of Albert Schafer, a
native of Germany, aged 72 years and 3
months;
C" Funeral and Interment strictly private.
No flowers. Remains at the parlors of H. P.
Petersen & Co., 22S McAllister street.
SCHMALZ— In this city, December 29, 1900.
Mnriam, beloved wife of William Schmalz, a
native of Wales, agrei SO years 6 months and
1 days.
C"? 1 Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1S52 Webet«r street. Interment, via
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SEELY— In this city. December 80, 1900, John
A., beloved husband of Nancy C. Beely, apd
father of Mrs. Katie L. Hogan and Carltor.
W. Beely.
tCTRemains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mi«-
slon street, near Twenty-first. Interment at
North San Juan, Cal., January 2, 1901.
SMITH-In Seattle, Wash.. December 27, 1900.
Edward Smith, dearly beloved brother rf j
Sam Mattson of Brooklyn. N. T.. and beloved |
cousin of Mrs. Captain M- "iVeltkunat of San ;
Francisco and the late Captain Olson, a na- I
tive of Walterod, Stlllingan. Sweden.
CT"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Theo Dierks. 957 Mission street.
SMITH— In this city. December 2S. 1900, Jarvls
L. Smith, a native of Ohio, aged 68 years 10
months and 4 days. - - ;
K7FtiendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
? Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors cf Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Maaon
street, between Gear- and O'Farrell. Crema-
tion Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
EMITH— In Concord, December 2Si 1900, John*
\V. Smith, beloved brother of Mrs. J. C. Mc-
Donald and Mrs. Nellie Macy. a native of
Antloch, Contra Costa County. v.. ¦•.
STODDAR-In Oakland. December 80, 1900,
Eben Stoddar, a native of Hlng-ham, Mass.,
agred 77 years 8 months and 15 days.
C7 Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 8:15
o'clock, from the parlors of the Western Ad-
dition Funeral Directors. 242S California
street, between Fillmore and Steiner. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WOODCOCK— In this city, December 28. 13CQ,
George Fi Woodcock, a native of England,
asred 40 years.
(T7Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), *t 11 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. j
BATLBOAD TBAVEI..
•OtITIIKR!<f PAVIV1V CO3IFAMY.
(PACtriO STSTCM.)
Vta«iffma !#!»»•> niftd nrfl «!!•• !• arrlw ••
n/kn ritAXviHV**.
- (Main line. Foot Ot Msrksl Slrsst)
uatb — Ts.au Ombimi 1. l»Wt » ¦ auwi
•7:«Oi BenicU. Sui.an. Elmlr*. V«e»»*Ite.
Somsay »nd Stcnmaato "7>43r
•7:0»a Shut* Express— DaTis_Wlfllsjas (fox
Bartlstt SralapX Willows, Brf
Bluff. Portland.. > nrfM
•7«SQiM»rttaet.S»nn»aioa.V»lleJo. Ssps.
Ca.Ustotm»adS«at» Ron ••il»»
¦»:»IH D»Vto. Woodlmnd. KnighU L»o<Hn«.
MsrysTUIe. Orofilla-
*.*:OOt AtUntia Kxpress— Ogden aad Ea*t «l:43f
.•8:OOAN)Ies, liTermore, Tnc7. lathrop,
Stockton .niia»
•SiZ»* Smu Jus*. Lirermor*, Stockton.
lone. KMramrato. Fl»cerfUl«.
M«rT»T»l«. Chloe. K«<J Bluff *••*•'
•HilOAOskdale,Chinese,8onora, Carters... *4>l9r
•o:ut> \ Hs;wmiIs, NUts ud W«y SUUonr. *1 1»4S a
•UiOOaLos Anteles Express — UsrUnes. X
Tracy, Latliropt H look ton. Mooed
Fresno »nd Lea Angvlsa * 7 »}? r
•»a«t V»UoJo. UuUim and Way Stations •»*«3>r
• I O:oo* Tna OrerUnd Umlt«tt-Ogden, D«n-
fer. Omaha. Chi&mgu »»t41r
•IliOti 2fU»j, StooktOD, Haoramrato, Msn-
. dota, Fretno. Hinfoid. Vbsiia.
PortwrUl*..... MilS»
•11:OOa LiTermore. (unr, Oo«h«D Jun<v
Uod. Bakamfield. Loa Anselea _
fli«Or 8aciameuto llltw Staaniers.. ....... »3'0«4
•tiMr Hsywuds. Miles »nd Wsy Buttons. # »i *» t
•l:0or Mmrttuez, 8«u IUmou, V«ll*jo,
* Napa. UaiUUw*.. Sauta Rosa *9ilS*
•lio« r n-nlcU. Wbitan. H»ciamtn»o.
- ¦• -Woodland. KiiighU Laadlnc.
M»r,.»IU«, Oro.llt. 'IStlOA
••i:n»rniywirdi. N lien and H»n.lo.» t»>*^*
•SiOftj- NUrs. Iifsrmora aad Stoektan. •10:13a
f5:»0r Bunse* limited. El P»jo, N«w
Orleans and East. «1O:13a
•SsOWrTbe Owl Umitad— Tncr. Wtfmao.
BakanOeld. Saagn* for Siata Bar-
bara, Los An«elea. »1»i1»a
•Bi«OrKew Orleans Expreu— BskotiUeld,
Bants Barbus, Los Anfales, Dam-
lug. £1 Puo. N«w OrlMns tnd
XmmI *.. "7i4»A
•«i««r Day wards, IiU«a and Baa Jots *7<t»*
1 »:•»!• r V»!leju "Hi*. 1 **
•0:9Or Oriental M*il-Ofden, Cbejenna.
Omaba. Chioszo *3t43p
•CiOOp Oriental Maii-Ocden, Dearer.
Omaha. Chioaco. MilSp
•7«Stwr Oregon and California Kzpresa.Haa-
rmiieiitn, Mari*>lll«. itaiMlng.
1'orklaixi. Piigei H,,,:nA aud Kaak •»:«*»
•Si«3pS»a Pablo, Port Costs. Mirtinej-
and Way Stations Mlf^aA
tMtOSr V»ll»]n 'lMIt
COAST DIVISION (.N*rrot» Uaaga).
(Tool cf Market Street.)
•««I5» Newark. Cont«rilllf-.8auJoee,»>l»on,
Iloiildcr Cnsk.Saata Cr ui sad W»y
SUUoos *«iMff
{tilSr Newark. CeuterTllle. San Jos*. New
Atmadaa. f«:ton. lliul.lor Creak.
Santa Crua aad Frladpal Way
SUthns -VT. t«»»»wa
MilSr Newark. Ban Jo««. Los Oatos •»!»•»
at>'uUi> Hunters' F.xeursion, San Jom and
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaStl rillC'.SSO— r»t if Mirkit Stritk (Slit S)—
t7:18 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 • 1:C3 S-CJ".".
riwomnj- r.iiirarnd»if.— tn.ca jioo t3.<»
¦ 10:00*.-: 1!:SJ 2:C3 i:03 '8:S3r.M.
COAST D1VISIOX (Urosdfa'aase).
(ThlrJ and Towniend Ste.)
"tCitOA Ocean View, South Sao JTranci»e»..~ |«>S*P
*7s«w« gkii Josa ami Way SUtious (New
Almadea Wedneidajs only) *li80t>
•»>i»«» Ban Jose. Tres Pino*. Sautt Cms.
Pacillo Orova. Paao llobiea. Baa
I.nli ObUpo. 8nrf. Lompoo and - '
rrinclpal Way Station* Mtlw*
•IdlOi Ban Joss aud Way Stations. *«iS3a
sIIiIOa Han Joie and Way SUUous a at«»v
t«i43rSsn Mat«o. U*4wood. Menlo Fstk. .
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. 8au Joss,
Tres Plnos. Santa Cmx, Halinas,
MonUrayaud rnolfle Ctoro...... fl«i3<la
t3iSOp 8i*n Joteaud Way Stations •7»3i»r
tl:lSr San Joieand Principal W»y_ Station* *»i43a
f5:0«p 8*n Joie, Los G»:o# and Prindp»l
WsySUtioos 4Si«wa
•5:3O e San Joia and PrlaoJnal Way StaMoos -"-.35 »
•tf:3Op Saa Joaeand Way8tatlona W*
«ll:43p Saa Joaeaad War Station! **:i')f
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
'Dally. t MmMay sxeepted. I Sunday esty.
7 Mondays. Wedaesdsys, Fridays,
c Tnesdays, Thursdays. Soadsys.
a Saturday. pnlx
AT €\ A.M. $
I The California Limited !
; . starts for Chicago over the Santa Fe and gets i
there on the third, day — 75 hours. i
\ Everything on this train is real. i
Begins January i st % ! ;The rival factions of the Sam Tups and
Bee Tups, the two most powerful organi
sations of Chinatown, are on the verge of
a bloody war. Yesterday Chief of Police
* Sullivan received word tha.t hostilities
were imn-inent between the two societies,
and he lost no time In sending an extra
squad of policemen Into Chinatown with
instructions to prevent the threatened
clash at all hazards. Orders were Issued
to all the policemen in the Chinese quarter
to hold up the fighters of both organiza
tions and search them for weapons. The
Chief Intends to take every precaution to
prevent the threatened war, but realizes
the hopelessness of his task.
It is known that a number of desperate
highbinders have arrived here in the past
few days from various interior counties,
expecting to take a hand in the inevitable
conflict.
"The threatened clash cannot be avert
ed," remarked a Chinaman who is friendly
to the police, yesterday, "as both sides are
anxious for a battle, and no power will
stop it. despite the precautions taken by
Chief of Police Sullivan and his men. The
threatened shedding of blood would have
taken place a week ago but for the inter
position of the more influential Chinese,
who were waiting the decision of the
Police Commissioners on the proposition
of licensing gambling in Chinatown.
"As I understand it. the members of the
See Yups, Incensed at the killing of one of
their number at Marysville some time ago
by a Sam Yup man, declared war against
that organization. The usual rewards
were offered for the heads of the various
members of the Sam Yup Company, but
as the matter of licensing gambling in
Chinatown was then before the Police
Commissioners it was decided not to open
hostilities until final action had been
taken by the board on the gambling sub
•'Kow that the matter has been decided
the warring factions are arming them
selves and are ready to do battle. The
Sam Yups have Imported some of the
best fighters in this State and are conn
dent of vanquishing their deadly foes. The
See Yups, evidently expecting a hard bat
tle, have summoned their most trusted
warriors and are eagerly waiting for the
first shot to be fired."
RIVAL TONGS
MAKE READY
FOR STRIFE
Desperate Highbinders Are.
Awaiting Signal to Com
mence Hostilities.
Extra Squads of Policemen Patrol
Chinatown in the Hope of Pre
venting the Impending •
Battle.
[?.*'??}££'¦ ¦¦ '-¦'---'' -the Men!/
,\\ Captain . Seymour": received . a , dispatch
from the police authorities In .Washington,
DV: C, yesterday /morning, that there was
a reward- of $600 offered for the capture of
two burglars • who ¦ broke into ' a residence
there and stole a' lot of valuable diamonds
and other jewelry.. In. the [dispatch It waa
suggested that Charles Lowell and Eugene
Charigino.i the two Eastern crooks - who
¦were arrested Thursday night by.Detect
ives Ryan* and O'Dea* for .breaking' -into
the <i residences 1 of * Mrs. - Ford, . 1716 . Baker
streetriandf Mrs. ' Pauline "Hlrshberg, 2313
California street, might be the men.
•"-••• Detective ' Ryan * closely i questioned \- the
two. men yesterday in the Clty.Prison; but
both denied that' they -were ever iniWaah
ington, and said they' knew nothing of any
burglary ithere.-; Their, denial vwill have. to
be 1 accepted till a \ description^ of i the ;' two
men .wanted ; is ' received from ¦Washington
in i two 5 or j three , days.-?:' '
Eastern Crooks" Arrested Here Thurs
, Are Suspected of Being*
TWO BURGLARS WANTED
Hi WASHINGTON/ D. a
The celebration of the thirty-seventh
anniversary of the emancipation procla
mation * was held at the First A. M. , E.
Zlon Church last night. I Rev. T. Brown,
pastor of the church, presided, ,and the
address 'of the i evening was delivered by
George "W. Dennis Jr. , Mr. 'Dennis spoke
of, the .wonderful growth of -the United
States;during the past century, and told
of the great possibilities of the next. Hp
then outlined what had been accomplished
by the negro during the thirty-seven
years I of : his Jf reedom.
"The negro race," said Mr. Dennis, "has
demonstrated Its fitness for civilization
and that it is worthy of the progress and
prosperity which has visited our glorious
country. The negro has sat In the Senate,
in Congress, has held judicial positions,
and has taken a front rank In the • busy
marts of commerce, and on the battle
field he has not been* found, wanting. He
has: shown., that he has aims and ambi
tions that are as honorable and compara
ble with- those of other men whose skin
Is lighter In color."
.Mr. Dennis" then exhorted his. hearers to
equip themselves for the battle of life,
and to be honorable in their dealings with
their fellow- men. ,
During the evening Miss Pauline Bryant
read. the emancipation proclamation; Miss
Vivian Simmons recited "Lift the- Black
Man's Burden,". Professor J. H. ¦William
son sang. "Praise Ye the Lord," and the
choir sang several. selections,
CELEBBATE AlTNnVEBSAE-Y
OF THEIR EMANCIPATION
George W. Dennis ' Jr. Delivers Ad-
dress at Exercises Held in
A. M- K Zion Church.
-' Dansby fled 'to ¦. the house of^ his father
in-law, i where Kennedy called i to i him Lto
surrender. '. Dansby ¦ came . out and, with
the -remark, '."We. will all go < to; hell * to-
gether,"; commenced' firing. ''Dansby A was
shot twice f in "the -leg "and once' in ft the '
chest,' and the Sheriff ; was struck near the
heart and fell. ? Dansby. walked fifty ; steps
and was reloading his pistol when he: was
Bhot' again'by.' the dying; Sheriff.' Dansby,
and the Sheriff, died within a- few minutes
of each 'other.;'-' v • ; . ; - -
ABBEVmiiE, 8. C, Dec. 30.— Sheriff
Kennedy of this county, William Kile of
Massachusetts, who has been superin
tending the building' of a cotton mill here.
and ' Captain Dan soy , r , a United ' States
Marshal, are dead , the result of a shoot
ing over a'ganie of cards.
¦ Several persons were playing cards last
night when ¦ Dansby ' threw $2 on the table
and said, "I play for. this." ..The men at
the table refused • to let y Dansby; Into the
game and an altercation ensued. Dansby
finally drew a pistol and shot Kile in the
stomach.- Hei.then-i. backed ¦.out.: of -i the
room, 1 declaring > he \ would -shoot any one
who attemptedito stop him. :He was fol
lowed byJitwoSppllcemen,:: but held ; them
at'bay until' Sheriff , Kennedy. and a,num
ber i of ' citizens i arrived. ;.,:-,'>¦- . .
United) States Marshal ;
Begins to Shoot..
TRIPLE TRAGEDY
OVER CARD GAME
Not Being' Permitted to Play,
In 1S93 the Sea Breeze and W. H. Meyer
were lost, and the rept of the fleet about
paid expenses, f In 1894 McKenna only
sent out the', barks Reindeer and James
Allen. When they weie gone he started
for ; Europe and purchased the Fearless.
The James Allen and Reindeer were both
lost, and In 1895 Captain , McKenna is
found .wintering in the Arctic ¦ with ¦ the
Fearless ' and bark Northern Light. In
1696 they were still in -the frozen north,
but in 1897 the Northern Light came home
without '; having made expenses. In 1893
the Fearless- came home "clean," The
steamer was taken by the creditors and
sold by the United States Marshal. Cap
tain McKenna's friends came to his res
cue and thought the, vessel in. They ad
vanced the money to fit her out, and
again the plucky' mariner sought fortune
in the frozen* north. ¦; This year • he has
done fairly well, and it Is to be hoped that
the back of his bad luck is broken.
In 1892 the Sea Breeze came back with a
fair catch, as did also the James Allen.
,The John P. West was burned at Hono
lulu, and the Northern Light came in
"clean." The Hunter made a splendid
catch, but the W.- H. Meyer, was "clean,"
and the Bonanza had only 5000 pounds of
bone..
It is seldom -that bad luck pursues, a
man as it has Captain McKenna. He has
striven against ill luck since 1891 and ill
luck has won. In the beginning of that
year he sent out the brig W. H. Meyer,
the bark Northern Light, bark Hunter,
bark Sea Breeze, bark James Allen,
schooner Bonanza and bark John P. West.
Not one of the fleet made an unusual
catch and some of them came home
"clean." < .
*— : ; *
CAPTAIN McKENNA'S STEAM
WHALER FEARLESS AND
SOME OF HER PASSENGERS.
+- -T— V
stopped off Cape Nome, and then had to
run for Unalaska under stress of weather.
At the latter place she remained ten days
and took in a good supply of coal. Heavy
weather and light winds alternated all
the way down, and the provisions soon be
gan to give out. When the whaler was
off Coos Bay there was nothing left but
"salt horse" and coffee, and no water with
which to make the latter. Each man's al
lowance was cut to the lowest peg. and,
sooner than make them suffer, the captain
decided to put into Coos Bay.
No sooner was the whaler alongside the
wharf than the .carpenter, two firemen,
nine sailors and the cabin and steerage
boys deserted. This left Captain McKen
na with three boat-steerers, one sailor and
the steward outside his officers with
which to bring the ship to San Francisco.
Nothing daunted he made the attempt
and landed the Fearless in port yesterday
morning.
The Fearless brought down an Involun
tary passenger. Dick, an Eskimo, board
ed the vessel at Point Barrow and asked
for a passage to Point" iiope. He was re
fused and bundled aahore. Watching his
opportunity he Etowed himself away and
came on deck when the Fearless was well
under way. \ At Point Hope there was an
unusual quantity of ice for. that time of
the year, and besides it was blowing a
gale and icicles were in the air. There was
nothing for it but to, bring Dick to San
Francisco, and he is now aboard the steam
whaler. Captain McKenna .will care for
him until next spring and will then' take
him bnck to the Arctic. !££*§£&££&•• •
WHEN the steam whaler Fear
lees left here on April 6. 1S99.
Captain James McKenna told
his friends and backers that
he would not come back from
the frozen north until he had captured
enough whales to pay all his debts.
The Fearless returned to port early yes
terday morning, but Captain McKenna's
hopes have not been realized. During her
first season the Fearless went well to tho
westward, and not a whale was caught.
Two whales that had been caught by the
natives were secured 'for "trade," how
ever, eo that evened up matters a little.
The Fearless then went Into winter quar
ters, and in the spring secured four more
whales. In all 6he secured about 10 000
pounds of "bone,"' which will more than
pay expenses, but it will not net a great
deal for Captain McKenna.
While in the Arctic a.id again along the
coast the Fearless met with nothing but
hard luck. Off Point Barrow whales were
again and again seen. spouting, but they
were always In a hole In the ice and the
fcteamer was in another. In a clear sea.
with the water as calm as a mill pond, a
whale would spout a mile away,, but as
soon as he heard the dip of the 'oar he
would sound, and that would be the last
seen of him.
The whales are well trained in Arctic
waters, an3 they know the sound of an
oar in the rowlock' as well as an old
sailor. . • ¦ .
Then th* Fearless was caugrth in some
heavy seas and lost three bf her whale
boats. Harry Spencer, 18 years old. was
taken sick, and In spite of everything that
could be done for him he died in the
spring and was buried at Cape Bathurst.
Captain McKenna refused to throw the
body overboard, but went ashore with a
burying party and saw the remains placed
under the frozen sod.
After leaving Point Hope the Fearless
There was one item m "Whitney's favor
to-night when he made his heroic stand
and saved a trainload of passengers from
a frightful death. He was moving cau
tiously across the approach and the slow
speed enabled him to more easily check
headway when the poundidg over the
roadbed commenced. But even then the
intrepid knight of the throttle had all h<5
could do to prevent the engine from run
ning upon the bridge, where surely, the
trainmen believe, it must have ended in
the toppling over of the locomotive intu
the brink and carry wUh it the cars that
were trailing behind.
Three tracks meet at the point where
the derailment occurred. One is the long,
straight line from Alameda across the
marsh. From the west comes the curved
combination narrow* and broad gauge
tracks from Alameda mole. The three
meet within twenty feet of the junction
of the southern approach embankment
and the bridge. At that point an inter
locking automatic "point switch, oper
ated from the bridge bignal station, is lo
cated. This switcn controls the tracks
and is utilized for either broad or narrow
gauge service from the west. At 6:30 last
night, shortly before the train that wa»
derailed came along from Alameda, a nar
row-gauge freight tram bound for Four
teenth and Webster streets Oakland,
passed over the switch safely and ran on
jo its destination. That switch, accord
ing to the telltale evidence at the point
of ¦ derailment, was not thrown back,
either from carelessness of the operator
or because it failed io work. Whitney ran
down the mile of straight track to a sig
nal post a hundred yards from the draw,
where he stopped.
"The signal was set against me," he ex
plained last night, "and I had to stand
there for live minutes. Tuen I received a
band signal from the bridge to como
ahead. The towerman for some reason
had ordered his assistant down to flag me
ahead by hand. , As soon as I got that
signal I started up. As soon as I struck
th^ switch I felt a sudden lunge and
pounding of»the engine. Realizing; that
•I v?as off the track. 1 shut dov.-n as quick
ly as possible. The engine ran down to
the I edge of the approach before wo
stopped. We were derailed by running on
the [narrow-gauge track, the switch be
ing (pen.
"Gt course I do not know" why the
switch was open. The hand signal from
the bridge should not have been given un
less the towerman knew that the switch
was closed. But I don't know anything
about that. All I do know is that the
signal to go ahead was given and ahead I
went. Both the hand signal and a set
signal on the north side of the bridge gave
me the right to go ahead."
Whitney modestly disclaimed any hero
ism in his act. Fireman John Barnes
thought the engineer was a hero, rating
Al. Barnes was making ready to take a
flying leap for safety when the crash on:
the ties occurred. Conductor Alexander
Buchanan steadied tho passengers, who
were startled by the sudden stop of tho
train at the bridge end. They were sub
sequently transferred .to a train that
backed down to Alameda mole. The ex
planation made by -Assistant Division Su
perintendent W. S. Palmer, who was early
at the scene, follows:
"Until a full and complete investigation
can be held I am unprepared to place tho
responsibility for this- accident. Th2
throwing of the broadgauge , engine by an
open switch upon the narrow-gauge tracks
naturally derailed the - locomotive. But
the speed under which the local was run
ning prevented anything Berious. The ten
der wheels did not leave the track nor
did any of the passenger coach trucks.
The most serious feature of this affair is
the blocking of travel. There b«>ing only
a single track here everything must be
held up until we can get this train out of
the way." ¦"
As soon as Whitney felt the pounding of
his locomotive" wheels over the ties he
realized his danger. Instead of looking
for a place to leap and save himself from
the disaster he telt was upon his train,
the brave engineer stuck at his post and
coolly brought his ) derailed engine to a
standstill. Tnere was just room tor a man
to crawl around the pilot without stand
ing on the drawbridge itself when tha
engine was brought to a full stop. One
side of the big locomotive was careened
and within, a couple of feet of the de
railed driving wheels was a plunge of
twenty feet aown into the waters of the
estuary, where ten vears ago, by an al
most similar accident, thirteen lives were
lost in a submerged local train.
A /railroad horror, parallel to. that. of
Mayday, 1890, when r u Southern Pacific
narrow-gauge train ran through the open
draw at Alice street bridge,' in Oakland.
was averted last night at the new Harri
son. I street railroad bridge only by tho
coolness of Engineer 'W. H. Whitney, in
charge of the 6:30 o'clock broadgauge local
train from Park street. Alameda, headed
for. Oakland pier. Hid engine. No. 1220,
hauling three crowded coaches, was de
railed at the brink of the southern ap
proach to the bridge, a misplaced switch
causing the accident.
Passengers on the Broad Gauge Prom
Alameda Have a Narrow Escape
From Death Through an
Open Switch.
Stops Train Just in Time
v to Prevent a
¦ ¦¦•¦¦. Disaster.
BRAVE ENGINEER
WHITNEY SAVES
SCORES OF LIVES
THE \ SAN FR ANCISCO ;•" CALL, MONDAY; DECEMBER 31 , 1 900.
Captain James McKenna Does Better This Season Than for Years.
His Friends Now Hope That His Spell of Bad Luck-Is Broken.
The Fearless Is the Only Vessel Left, of Hi's Former Big Fleet
STEAM WHALER FEARLESS AGAIN
RETURNS FROM THE ARCTIC AFTER
ABSENCE OF NEARLY TWO YEARS
10
-j Trapper's" OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia/
Druggrists,' BOc:fla»k. ; :Rlchards &"Co.,"40« Clay. •
t \Vlt • never] killed r any /one,- but many
have died; from 1 the want' of It.
If You' Are' an Ale -Drinker
.Ton owe ' It" to 1 yourself .to find out", the' merits
of Evans'/ Ale alid Stout." -Brewery bottled. ?..«
l^y M INCORPOMATS^ t^HIOH SQUAPE AVC
The Frisco Boys want to
wish you one and all d Sappy
New ' Year. We're happy be-
cause it's been a prosperous
one for us^ and we hope that
1901 will usher in happiness
and prosperity for you all.
QOLDBERq
BQWEN
Last sale of the
Century
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea
reg'ly 50c lb . rtr
ten kinds— our Mnds 4 OC
Ma ckerel
5 lb pall— reg'ly $1.00 O rr
—a treat °5 C
C o c ktails
& ! 5 y 90c
Gifts
Box of candy — box of cigars — box of
tea — chafing dishes — carving set —
case of wine— perfumery— casseroles
—ramekins— Malaga raisins
Cor n
¦sue cot as h
Sea Foam — Maine t o x r»
—reg'ly 15c tin 1 *i t
regMyioclb— o rr
good fruit— 3 i lbs * j **
Sar d in e s
reg'ly 25c— large tins nr\r*
—French
Vermouth
nzly 60c . . - - «
-Noilly.Pratt & Co 0. 55 C
S a u t e r n e s
. Vista del Yalle
»$5 50* to $10 case
always welcome
jOra nges
Navels „ mjr%
reg'ly 4oc.dozen 3 5^
Le m on s
dozen* .£L/C
Whisky
ScotcK— reg'ly $x bottle $ 85
arid reg'ly 1 35 bottle' I 10
Irish ¦ reg'ly 4 50I gallon 3 *. 50
Assorted case— l .. "rf A*
i twelve bottles^twelve kinds. . \PP.-
eOlSBXBS, BOWEIC ft CO'S SPECIAL SATINS SALS
GOLDBEHO, B0 WEN ft CO'S 5PSCUI, 8ATX59 SAL
of the
wr BB 1BH ;
Raglan
for Men
" iBi " -^m^^. ¦ ' - v
As a fitting wind up of one of
the biggest years the big Kearny-
street house has ever enjoyed we're
going to give you the smart Twen-
tieth Century Coat t the Raglan f in
a beautiful vicuna Oxford gray.
Just alive with smart bits of tail-
oring. You know the Raglan is a
$20.00 coat. A Raglan as good as
ours can't be sold for less than
$20.00, but we're going to sell it
for less.
If you're with us to-day you'll
get this Raglan at
GENUINE BANNOCKBURN TWEEDS, full 58 Inches
wide, an all-wool fancu mixed suiting In Yeru
stullsh colorings, Imported to sell for $1.25 yjard.
Sale Price 600 Yard,
GENUINE FRENCH TAILOR SUITINGS, smooth finish,
mixed color effects In dark tones, full 44 Inches
wide. This line of Suitings Imported to sell at
$1.50 and $2 rjard.
Sale Price 75c Yard.
ENGLISH SILK MOHAIR BLACK CREPONS,. In Yeru
handsome designs j small, medium and large pat-
terns, The regular value of these Crepons $1.75
and $2 uard.
Sale Price $1,00 Yard,
BLACK FRENCH PIEROLAS, CREPONS, POPLINETTES,
'SATIN VENETIANS and FRENCH CORDS, In dress
patterns and skirt lengths, atiout 200 lengths In all,
marked at less than half prlGe.
We ask our customers In the Interior to write for sample*
of above goods promptly.
ifisaTr
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
During ttie entire month of JANUARY we will offer
Extraordinary Values In all our departments In order
to close out our stock of Fall and Winter Goods, and
commencing MONDAY, December 3lst, we will have on
salelnour Black and Colored Dress Goods Departments
Cigars
The kind to imported ;y
depend upon Key West
Buy by the b o'.x C;
• Country
buyers entitled to these prices
if the order is posted these
three days — wholesale prices
on big orders.
4)3 Pine 232 Sutter *Seo California S«n Fr»nc!s«a
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oaklaai
Broken
Eyeglass
Lenses replaced for SO cents.
Any A<ttlsisaUo lenses duplicated for $l.f
and $1.50.
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory r
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 13. (
0P™ANS^ w >Sr '
642 Market St. instruments
•j.MDf.3 CM3OWICIE BuitDiNO. CATALOGUE F?I£
K75-Bv44/ _ %4 X& fcM (Sifc^^Z^vtljS
Ej-Cj I h Djn {¦ fiEfi I SiSj fl
liaiERCES '
§L^ FAVORITE
IBESCRIPTION .
| JL FOR WEAK WOMEM. \f
BAJA CALIFORNIA i
Damiana Bitters!
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVlGORi
¦ tor. and Nervine. - ' I
The* most wonderful aphrodisiac and Spec!
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both «exea. \
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kt
neya and Bladder. Sells on Us own merits..
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNE. Agents, .
$23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Clrculant.V
DR.MCNULTO
THIS Wfca-KXOWN AND RRUA BLE OT,
.1 8pecla:Utcur«*B!ood Poison, Gonorrhoea, O;e<«
Strictoro. Seintna! WmSiiw, Impot^oe* ana t!ie
allied Dixorrters. Hoolt on Diseases of Men, fr»>
Over20yenrs>xr»er'eriee.T<*rm«treajinnAbie. Hoar
9to3dally;5:notoS.30<>T I g%Siinday%,10tol2.C<in3r
Utionfreeandsacre<Jlyconfl(ientla].Callor»ddre i
V. KOSCOK McSnUVTY. M. D. .' I
SSH Kearay «U Htn Franetsco, C?
ADVEBTISEMENTS.'