WILLIAM J. BRYAN OF NE
BRASKA. DEMOCRATIC CAN
DIDATE FOR PRESIDENT.
.Looted by Soldiers.
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct. 16.— Passengers
who arrived from the Orient on the Em
press of Japan say that residences and
stores at Tientsin and Poking were looted
by soldiers, correspondents and mission
aries. An immense amount of silver and
valuables were taken.
CHRISTIANIA. Oct. 16.— Six members of
the Norwegian State Council of Stock
holm, who are here in connection with the
proposed visit of King Oscar, have been
telegraphed to return to Stockholm. It
is understood the 'summons Is connected
with the probable appointment of the
Crown Prince as Regent during the ill
ness of the King. The Crown Prince, pre
sumably, therefore, will open the Storth
ing in the capacity of Regent.
Crown Prince as Regent.
VIENNA, Oct. 16.— The facade of the
Czech High School at Prossnitz, Moravia,
toppled Into the street to-day, killing
seven' persons and Injuring ten.
Fatal Accident at Vienna.
Shanghai telegrams report that the local
mandarins have received a dispatch from
Prince Tuan announcing that the court is
now in safe keeping and exhorting them
to have patience until winter decimates
the allies, to keep the arsenals in con
stant work and "everything ready for a
massacre of all foreigners when the
proper time arrives." .
It is also reported that the Empress
Dowager has issued a decree removing
Liu Kung Wi, Viceroy of Nankin, from
his post and ordering General Yung Lu
to join her at Sian-Fu. The Shantun
Boxers are returning to their homes.
Twelve thousand of them were utterly
defeated outside of Sangchao, / near the
Chili border, by. 5000 of Governor Yun Shi
Kai's troops under General Mel.
The evidence of Prince Tuan's continu
ance in power causes anxiety. According
to the Shanghai correspondent of the
Morning Post it has produced a serious
depression in trade there. Two Chinese
banks have failed, others are expected to
close and It- is rumored that the Russo-
Chinese Bank is in difficulty, owing to the
removal of the Chinese court to the prov
ince of Shensl.
LONDON. Oct. 17, 4 a. m.— There ir, no
confirmation of , the -reported capture of
Paoting-Fu, of which, according to the
Shanghai Echo, M. Dochine, the French
Consul here, has received -news. The re
port is generally discredited in London,
especially as there is no direct telegraphic
communication between Shanghai and
Paotlng-Fu.
Hongkong dispatches ' tell of the con
tinued spread of the southern rebellion.
The Hongkong correspondent of the Dally
Kxpress sends a report that the British
torpedo-boat destroyer Handy shelled
2000 rebels who were advancing on San
chun,. killing forty and wounding hun
dreds. This is -not confirmed from any
other point.
Forty of the Rebels.
British Torpedo-Boat Shells and Kills
SOUTHERN REBELLION SPREADS
The Roosevelt special arrived here at
7:30 and for two hours the Governor rode
in a brilliantly Illuminated electric car in
a great parade which traversed High and
other principal streets of this city. The
parade was more than two hours passing
a given point and Its -course was marked
by a blaze of colored fire, lockets, tiring
of cannon and bursting of bombs.
When he strode across the platform the
Governor was greeted with a roar of ap
planse. Yet he looked upon a smaller
number of persons than composed the
crowd that had been unable to find stand
ing room in the building.
When Governor Roosevelt rose to speak
he was given such an enthusiastic greet
ing that for five minutes he could not
make his voice heard In his endeavor to
restore order. «*¦„--',
.Governor Roosevelt severely criticized
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct. 16.— Not once
since the great Blaine demonstration in
1SS6 has this city been so crowded with
visitors as it is to-night, the occasion of
the appearance here of Governor Roose
velt. Every hotel Is full and hundreds
of those who came to see or hear the
Governor are being cared for at the homes
of residents of Columbus. Ten speeches
made to large audiences since leaving
Cincinnati at 8 o'clock this morning had
not impaired the Governor's vocal organs,
nor did he show any evidence of fatiguo
when he was Introduced at the Audito
rium at 9:30 p. m. An impatient throng
had been waiting him nearly two hours.
— — AMILTON. Ohio, Oct. 1G.— At this
L^J place, twenty-five miles from
1 1 Cincinnati, Governor Roosevelt
* I made the first stop to-day on his ¦
tour of Ohio, speaking to a large
crowd. The Governor was escorted ' by
Governor Nash to the speaker's stand.
A feature of the meeting was the presence
on the platform of the mother of Captain
Huston of Oklahoma. Captain Huston
was an officer in Colonel Roosevelt's regi
ment in the war with Spain, and on the.
breaking out of the trouble in the Philip
pines he went thither, where he died..
Governor Roosevelt escorted Mrs. Hus
ton to the platform.
"I recall your noble son," he salel, "and
know him well as a brave man and sol
dier."
"Y/es. Governor,". was the reply, "I gave
my son to my country and would give an
other if I were blessed with one."
Captain Huston's body .la buried here.
DAYTON, Ohio, Oct. 1C— When Gover
nor Roosevelt arrived in Dayton he was
tendered a public reception at a hotel and
later was escorted by a parade to the
fair grounds, where he addressed a large
crowd. Stops had been made at Middle
town and Mlamisburg. where the Gover
nor spoke to large audiences, at the lat-'
ter place using the front porch of the
Mip.rol Steel Company's main office as a
platform.
The Governor will leave Columbus to
morrow morning at 7:30 over the Hocking
Valley road for his second day in Ohio.
To-morrow night he will ppeak in Cleve
land and at noon .Thursday, he will arrive
in Wheeling, W. Va., having made twen
ty-seven speeches in Ohio.
He quoteel from President Jefferson's in
structions to the commander of the Amer
ican armies which took possession of the
Louisiana purchase to show that the
"consent of the governed" was not con
sidered. ' •
Mr. Bryan's attitude on the Philippine
question and reviewed the history of
Ag-uinaldo, pronouncing It a "career of In
famy."
WATERTOWN. S. D., Oct. 16.—
With an original programme of j
five stops in to-day's itinerary j
Senator Hanna's train stopped
at fourteen towns in Minnesota
and South Dakota during the day. with
Watertown . for the- principal stopping
place. So much pressure wa*s brought to
bear by committees from various points
along the line not lncluued In the itlnei
ary and by Minnesota and South Dakota
Congressmen through whose district the
train ran that Senator Hanna consented
to make brief talks at as many station:,
as was possible to include in the day's
travel and nearly every town of any im
portance through tho valley of the Min
nesota River and across the prairies of
Western Minnesota and Eastern South
Dakota Senators Hanna and Frye ami
Victor Dolliver made speeches, varying in
length from two to twenty minutes.
Large crowds were present at nearly
every stopping place, farmers In some in
stances composing a large part of the au
dience arid.the speakers were interrupted
many times by questioners, though al
ways apparently in a friendly spirit.
In. one or two instances in Minnesota,
through that part of the State noted for
its dairy, industries and stock raising, the
speakers paid some attention to the tariff
question, but the. speaking generally was
on the trusts and prosperity^ ,
"That's all the . people seem to care
about," said Senator Hanna to-night. "All
they want apparently is to be assured of
the continuance of the present conditions.
The sentiment seems to be all one way.
too. I can see nothing but an overwhelm
ing vote for McKinley in this section of
the country."
The presence of school children in the
crowds was a feature of the day. At
several points, notably Marshall, Minn.,
the youngsters were present in large num
bers, C00 children in the public schools
being included in the audience at Mar
shall.
PatHetic Incident at One
of the Places in Ohio
Where Roosevelt Spoke
An Overwhelming Vote
for McKinley Is Prom
isefl bu Minnesotans.
TELLING SPEECHES BY
ROOSEVELT AND H ANN A
THE IM^AJST WITHTHE DOUGH.
CHANG WAS DECAPITATED.
Former Minister to America Slain by
Order of Dowager Empress.
WASHINGTON. Oct. lS.-Confirmatlon
has been rerrlved here of the execution on
July 20 of Chang Yon Hoon. the former
Chinese Minister to the United States.
Chang was a loyal adherent of the Em
peror and a warm supporter of the lat
tor's reform ipovoments. When the Em
press Dowager supplanted the Emperor
two y*>ars ago he was ordered to be be
headed, but through the Intervention or
the American and British Ministers his
punishment wa» commuted to banishment
In the district and province of Kashgaria.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 15.— The cable dis
patch from St. Petersburg, indicating that
Russia's attitude In China will be inde
pendent of the concert of the powers,
cpusrd no surmise among officials here. It
¦was noted when the aggressive military
movement was br-fruri by Germany and the
expedition sgainst Paoting Fu started,'
that Russia was among the powers which
<".1<J not join in th* movement. The dis
j atrh from Ft. Petersburg is looked on as
merely another step similar to that taken
v.hen Russia v.-Jthhold support from the
PactSng Fn expedition and other aggres
rivo military moves. Moreover, it is re
rardrd as quite in consonance with the
pnoific tendencies of this Government,
which have been directed all along to se
curing a settlement by diplomatic means,
rnther than by the sword.
The expectation Is that the Chinese Gov
ernment Is about to utilize all its re
sources of duplicity to keep the powers
occupied with vain negotiations and pro
posals and the dispatching of notes in or
der to gain time until the winter, counting
on the rigors of the climate to prevent
military operations and allow China to
prepare her resources for a spring cam
paicn.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 16.— The Rus
sian Government permits It to become
known that its attitude In China will be to
increase the independence of the concert
of the powers. Russia. It is explained,
is disposed to attach loss value to joint
action, since her Interests have been fully
secured by the successful campaign in
Manchuria. Moreover, Russia is not will-
Ing to "follow the Irreconcilable policy of
Fome of the powers."
Czar's Opinion Is Changed.
Since Successful in Manchuria the
BTJSSIA'S STAND IN CHINA.
Inquiries are being made by foreign
Governments as to the action of the
United State?, .and they are expected to
make immediate appointment of their
representatives on the international court.
The organization of this body is espe
cially important in view of the proposal
of the Russian Government to have it de
termine the amount of indemnity China
phould pay for the outrages committed
and expenses incurred by the powers.
Junpre George Gray of Delaware was at
the White House to-day and talked with
the President relative to his appointment
tis a member of The Hague International
Court of Arbitration. He had called at
the State Department to see Secretary
Hay relative to the duties of the foreign
office tendered to him, but the Secretary
was at the Cabinet meeting, and he saw
Mr. Adee. Judge Gray told me he had
not formally accepted the appointment,
but would do so.
report received this afternoon
from Consul McWade a.t Canton an
nouncing the success of the Chinese Im
perial troops in the operations againct
the Boxers. The action of the Southern
Chinese officials and the conduct of the
imperial troops are regarded as the best
obtainable evidence of the desire of tho
Chinese authorities to preserve the peace
and the successful destruction of the in
surgent organization should have a good
effect, it is thought here, upon the whole
of China an& Europe as -well. This Gov
ernment Is most anxious to expedite peace
neg-otiaticr.s ar.d in view of the fact that
all the powers have forthwith replied to
the French proposals It Is now urgent
that negotiators be designated to engago
in the rrciinur.ary exchange of views with
the Chinese commission. It will be nec
essary, of course, that further negotia
tions be conducted by the powers so as
to agree on the exact basis of negotia
tion?, but certain general .principles have
b*-<?n apreed on and it is not thought here
that these to which some powers have
taken exception will be insurmountable
obstacles in the way of the adoption of
a programme satisfactory to all inter
ested powers.
This Government has designated Minis
ter Conger to «r.ter into preliminary re
lations with the Chinese commission and
General Wi!«=on is being hold at Peking to
frn-o with him when permanent *-eac3
negotiations are begun. The Russian and
French Ministers have also been directed
to er.tcr into preliminary negotiations and
Bir CU-c<3e Macdonaid. the British Min
ister, has l>een authorized to do so .if in
his Judsmcnt such action be wise.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Oct.
16.— Considerable gratification Is
expressed in official circles at the
Special Dispatch to The Call..
CHANG TEX HOON, THE DIP
LOMAT DECATITATED BY
ORDER OF THE EMPRESS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 16. -William Jen
* nings Bryan of Nebraska. Demo
cratic candidate for President,
arrived In this city at 2:25 o'clock
to-day and received a real Tam
many welcome. His reception was an
emphatic ovation. As the train steamed
into the annex of the Grand Central sta
tion that part of the immense building
was thronged with a multitude. Mr.
Bryan was driven to the Hoffman House
in an open carriage, in which he sat next
to Richard Croker. and with uncovered
head bowed and smiled to the thousands
who cheered him. Forty-second street
presented an animated scene. From Lex
ington avenue on one side to Sixth avenue
on the other the sidewalks were lined with
the populace.
At 2:35 o'clock a loud cheer went up and
the open carriages containing the Tam
many Hall reception committee rode to
the annex. William R. Hearst led the
way, followed by Richard Croker, O. H.
P. Belmont (President of the borough).
James J. Coogan. James Shevlln. Lewis
Nixon, MorriS Delmour and about' a
dozen others. Three cheers for Croker
were given.
Mr. Bryan reached the Hoffman House
at 3:20 p. m. All the way down Fifth
avenue he was cheered by the big crowds
that lined the thoroughfare.
For hours before the time for the open
ing of the doors, 5:30 p. m., Madison
Square Garden, where Mr. Bryan was to
speak, was besieged by crowds. At 5:30
o'clock to the minute the sound of ex
ploding bombs outside the garden an
nounced the opening of the doors. In
stantly there was a great rush by the peo
ple from the Madison-avenue hallway and
from the Twenty-sixth-street., ejitrance*
which, according to police arrangements,
were to be tfept clear for ticket holders.
In the first ,rush were a few women, who
got near the speakers' stand. In less than
ten minutes every seat on the floor was
taken and the crowd, .which had begun
to pour in from all sides, attacked
the galleries. Five minutes later- saw
the balcony and a part of the galleries
black with people. The rush was then
over, but there came a steady stream
through the principal doors and all empty
s<?ats were soon filled.
The crowd did not appear at first to be
demonstrative. When the li?hts were all
turned on there came a brief cheer. The
big semi-circular tlectrical display over
the speakers' stand bore the portraits of
the two Democratic candidates, the Dem
ocrattc emblem and the Democratic
watchword, credited to Mr. Croker. "We
wish to remain free people," in great let
ters of light.
Warming Up the Crowd.
Then the band struck up a national air
and as the people recognized "Yankee
Doodle" they got up' In their seats with
uncovered heads and as they waved thou
sands of small American Hags shouted out
the words of the song.
The garden was decorated in the na
tional color* only. Streamers radiated
from the center, from the roof, under
neath the skylight to the heads of the
iron pillars over the galleries and festoons
of ilaps with the colors of different States
lined the galleries. The speakers' stand
was drapod simply with American flags
and red, white and blue bunting.
At 6:30 o'clock the only scats remaining
vacant in thv entire garden was an occa
sional box. the tickets for which remained
good until 7 o'clock The crowd was or
derly, and frequent performances by the
band brought out enthusiasm. The arri
val of prominent Tammany men brought
out the first strong applause of the even
ing As 7 o'clock approached, the hour
wbtn Mr. Bryan was expected to arrive,
the crowd becan to warm up. The garden
was Jammed, but the police kept the" aisles
fairly well cleared, and back of the gal
lery seats there was not an inch of avail
able space.
Mr. Bryan Enters.
Mr. Bryan entered the garden at 7:15
o'clock. As the face of Mr. Croker, be
hind which" appeared Mr. -Bryan's, was
seen the crowd burst forth in one gTeat
prolonged yell. Every one stood tiptoe on
his seat and the garden was a sea of wav
ing flags. As Mr. Bryan, escorted by Mr.
Croker, mounted the speakers' stand tho
cheering was continued. The two climbed
the stairs and made their way to the
front, followed by the reception commit
tee. Mr. Bryan and Mr. Croker frequently
responded to the cheering by bowing to
the vast audience, and the faces of both
were wreathed with smiles.
Just behind the two as they mounted
the platform. Mayor Van Wyck escorted
Edward M. Shepard, who acted as chair
man of the meeting. The cheering con
tinued, now dying down, now being re
newed with increased vigor. It continued
for five minutes." not abating when Mr.
Bryan rose to his feet and raised his
hands. Mr. Croker pulled him back Into
his seat. The cheering went on.
Mr. Croker rose, hesitated a moment,
then raised his hand for silence. Instead
of ceasing the crowd broke forth louder
than ever. ' Do what he could Mr. Croker
could not silence tne crowd.
After fully fifteen minutes of cheering
the applause began to' decrease. Mingled
cheers and hisses,' the latter for silence,
lasted a minute longer. A call for three
cheers for "Our Next President" brought
Tammany Men Head
ed by Dick Croker
Turn Out and
Make Noise.
Vast Throng in Madi
son-Square Garden
" Greets Candidate
From Nebraska.
BRYAN VISITS
STRONGHOLD OF
THE ICE TRUST
TIENTSIN. Oct. 15 (via Shanghai, Oct.
16).— The .expedition against Paofing-Fu
had met with.no opposition up to Octo
ber 14. Reports received by courier say
that a column of 500 French, marching to
Hsicn to relieve a party of French
priests, met with no opposition in the six
days' march to the south.
The fourth brigade of the British 1b
now arriving. The Americans have evac
uated the arsenal, which has been turned
over to the provisional city government.
1 «
Missionaries Heard From.
DENVER. Colo.. Oct. 16.— Rev. Joshua
Gravett, pastor of Galilee Baptist Church,
to-day received a letter giving assurance
of the safety of Mr. and Mrs. Allen N\
Cameron of this city, who went to China
two years ago as missionaries and from
whom no tidings had been received since
June 1 last. Mr. and Mrs. Cameron reach
ed Shanghai with other missionaries from
the interior late in August. Mr. Cameron
wrote on September 1 that he desired to
return to the interior on October 1, and
appealed for money and tracts and for
more missionaries to work in China.
- •
Occupied by Russians.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 16.-Official confirma.
tion has been received of the report that
the Russian southern army has occupied
Fiehling. the terminus of the Shanhal-
Kwan railway. The occupation w/ tf
fected October 4. /
MET WITH NO OPPOSITION.
March of a French Force to Relieve
a Party of Priests.
SEIZED MONEY HELD IN TRUST.
China Given Credit for the $278,000
Taken at Tientsin.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 16.— Secretary
Long has deposited In the treasury a
draft for ¦$278,000. representing the gold
seized by the American marines at Tien
tsin. According to Treasurer Roberts an
act of Congress will be necessary to with
draw it. Administration officials insist
that the money is being: held in trust and
is not regarded as spoils of war. Should
an indemnity be awarded the United
States against China the amount of the
deposit will be credited on China's bill.
General Chaffee will so inform Li Hung
Chang, who recently demanded that the
money b« returned to the Chinese Gov
ernment.
Return of Baroness Von Ketteler and
Others From Peking 1 .
VICTORIA. B. C, Oct. 16.— Among the
passengers on the Empress of Japan,
which arrived this evening, were Baron
ess von Ketteler, Dr. Edna Terrill, Rev.
Dr. Reid and wife, Dr. W. A. P. Martin
and several others who went through the
siege of the legations. J. C. Hemment. a
New York photographer and correspond
ent, and H. Savage Lander of the Xew
York Herald, returned.
The Baroness von Ketteler was suffer
ing from nervous prostration, but was re
covering 1 . She was accompanied by Mr.
and Mrs. Ledyard. Mr. Ledyard is her
brother. She is bound to her father's
home In Detroit, Mich. Her father is Mr.
Ledyard. superintendent of the Michigan
Central Railway.
WENT THROUGH THE SIEGE.
Minister's Letter Acknowledging the
Aid of Christians.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 16. -The follow
ing letter was given by United States
Minister Conger to the missionaries at
Peking:
Besieged American Missionaries, One and
AH of You: So providentially saved from cer
tain massacre, I desire In this hour of dellv
eraixe to express what I know to be the uni
versal sentiment of cur diplomatic corps—sir
cere appreciation of and profound grat
itude for the Inestimable help which
the native Christians under you have
rendered toward our preservation. Without
your Intelligent and successful planning- and
uncomplaining fortitude I believe our sal
vation ttouM have been Impossible. By your
courteous consideration of me and your con
tinued patience under most trying occasions. I
have been deeply touched, and for all of it I
thank you most heartily. I hope and believe In
God'B unerring plan your Eacrlflces and dan
cer will bear rich frvit in a. material and
rpirltual welfare of the people to whom you
have bo nobly devoted your lives and work.
As suring you of my personal respect and grati
tude, very sincerely yours,
E. H. COXQER.
CONGER TO MISSIONARIES.
It now appears that the Empress Dow
ager, taking- advantage of the late reign
of terror at Peking, and knowing Chang's
influence with the Emperor, ordered his
execution by decapitation. Chang was
considered by those familiar with his af
faire as one of the ablest men in China.
He had been decorated by the Queen of
Great Britain and by the Emperors ot
Russia and Germany. He was pre-emi
nently the most liberal and enlightened
of Chinese statesmen, and had his life,
been spared till the occupation of Peking
by the allies he doubtless would have
been recalled and have taken an active
part in the pending negotiations and fur
ther government of China.
Officials Gratified bu
Success of Imperial
Troops Against
the Boxers,
?
Brighter Prospect for
Beginning Negotia
tions for Settling
Trouble.
CHINA'S DESIRE
TO KEEP PEACE
DULY EXHIBITED
The much disputed cost of the dinner
was settled by the Hoffman House man
agement, who said that the cost was JU
per plate, exclusive of the wines.
Mayor Van "Wyck sat In an Invalid
ch&lr brought from Arabia. On cither
side of him. two and two, were special
chairs, on which sat Mr. Bryan. Mr.
Crcker, Adlal E. Stevenson and William
R. Hearst.
All the tables were decorated with flow,
ers, roses predominating. The service was
the best that the house could provide:
wines of the most costly sort, the heaviest
table ware, cut glass and the best of china.
Although Mr. Bryan did not drink his
wine, glasses were provided Just as for the
other guests.
The dinner tendered Mr: Bryan at the
Hoffman House. at 5:30 o'clock this after
noon was not held In the Moorish room.
as at. first intended, but in . the salon
Louis Quinze. Fifty covers were laid, an
Increase from what was first intended.
The room was beautifully decorated with
laurel leaves, palms and evergreens. Mr.
Bryan's portrait, framed in a silk Amer
ican flag, was Ju3t behind the chair re
served for Mayor Van "Wyck. the presid
ing officer. Fifteen persons sat at the
table reserved for the guest of honor and
other distinguished persons. The remain
ing guests sat at smaller tables.
He spoke at some length on the subject
of Imperialism. It was 10:30 o'clock when
Mr. Bryan and his party came out of
Cooper Union. The crowd seemed to go
crazy. It was the most dangerous outlook
of the evening and it seemed «s if scores
were to be trampled under foot. Repeat
edly the police charged to get Mr. Bryan's
carriage through, but every time the crowd,
came back. Night sticks were finally
drawn and a lane opened Ions enough to
let the Bryan carriage into Irving place.
Through that street It went at a dash and
up Broadway. Several hundred persons
ran In pursuit and kept right after the
carriage as escort to Union Square, while
hundreds were on the curb. Toward Mad
ison Square the "crowd 'tired and most of,
them dropped out, but an -immense crowd
was in 'front' of 'the- Hoffman House to
meet Mr. Bryan when he got out of his
carriage. * * ' - _
Dinner at Hoffman House.
This is the fourth meeting for to
night that I have spoken at- It con
cludes the ratification held under the
auspices of the Democratic party of
this city and county and I am pre
pared to say great Is Tammany and
Croker as its prophet.
At 10 o'clock Air. Bryan arrived at
Cooper Union. His appearance on the
platform was the signal for one of the
most enthusiastic greetings ever accorded
to any one man in Cooper Union. It was
fully five minutes before the enthusiasm
subsided and the audience resumed its
normal quietude. Then John Dewltt
"Warner, chairman of the meeting. Intro
duced Mr. Bryan, who said:
Bows Low to Tammany.
Other speakers were Adlat E. Stevenson,
"Webster Davis, Golden Rule" Joftes
and John B. Stanchfield. "William McCune.
candidate for Lieutenant Governor, was
the last speaker. "When he concluded the
band struck up "Dixie" and the small re
maining portion of the throng that had
gathered In the garden early In the even
ing filed out.
"When Mr. Bryan began speaking his
voice was scarcely audible a hundred feet
away from the stand, but he gradually
spoke louder, and In a moment his voice
could be heard by the galleries. The
crowd listened in silence for a time, but
when the speaker said that the Demo
cratic party recognized the rijht of abil
ity of mind and muscle to the fruits of Its
toll the crowd broke forth into cheering.
"Mr. Bryan concluded his speech at 9
o'clock precisely, having spoken one hour
and forty-one minutes. The crowd rose
and cheered as he left the platform in
company with Mr. Croker. shaking hand3
as he left.
He suddenly stopped and introduced
President Gugenhelmer of the C'cune'l.
who offered the formal resolutions of the
evening. These welcomed Mr. Bryan an 1
Mr. Stevenson to New York: approved thw
Kansas City platform; opposed imperial
ism; protested against an enormous stand
ing army as a menace to the republic;
praised the volunteer army as being suffi
cient In emergency; opposed entangling
foreign alliances: sympathized with the
Boers; denounced trusts; pledged the par
ty to bring back to the people constitu
tional government, and charsed the Re
publicans with having raised a gigantic
corruption fund to debauch the suffrage.
Before Mr. Shepard could pet Into tha
subject of "imperialism." to which most
of his address was devoted, the crowd got
so Impatient to hear Mr. Bryan that Mr.
Shepard could not proceed.
out a final cheer, but an effort to repeat
it was drowned in cries of "Put him cut. ""
The enthusiasm nearly carried the
crowd away. The throne at the Madison
avenue end of the garden jammed flown
the ais>Ie and the sixty-odd policemen at
that point had to do battle with the crowd
to keep it under control. When quiet was
restored Mr. Croker rose, took Mr. Shep
ard by the hand and introduced him to
the audience as chairman of the meeting.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 139.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1900.
ONE MORE EVIDENCE OF PROSPERITY.
The San Francisco CallStops the Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
nlne Tablets cure a cold in one day. No cure,
no pay. Price 25 cents. . ' , ¦ ¦ •
, A Judge, who- cannot command" the re
spect of/the citizens is a menace to the
commonwealth.! ~.M. C.' Sloss has the char*
aeter. education and ability to Inspire con
fidence, and this should Insure his election
to .the. office .of Superior. Judge. *.-' »
Those who are fond of traveling (and who Is
not) will hall with delight the news ot a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. , This charming land
has until now; been ;' accessible . only, by slow
galling- vessels, but on ! November 1st the popu
lar; steamship Australia will ; eall, direct, mak
ing - the ; trip In '- KH4 days. A reduced round
trip,rate has been made ror the first trip. Call
at 64S Market street for Balling list. -
Papeete the Beautiful.
LONDON, Oct 16.— If is , officially an
nounced that Lord Alverstone • better
known as Sir Richard -Webster, has been
appointed Lord Chief Justice, of England
in succession to the late Baron Russellof
Klllowen. Justice A. L. Smith succeeds
Lord Alverstone as master of the rolls.
Will Succeed Baron Russell.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.-Charles H.
Tweed, chairman of. the board of directors
of the Southern Pacific Raijroad, said to
day that all rurrwrrS » relative jto the ap
pointment of a successor to the" presidency
of the committee; were simply haphazard
guesses. He said: .
"I don't think. anything -will be done this
week as to appointing a. successor to the
late Mr.' Huntlngton. It' Is not wise to
predict what may occur a, week hence aVid
I am not in a position to say whether the
President of the ' United States or the
Chairman Tweed Says That Rumors
in Circulation Are Merely, Hap
hazard Guesses.
NO SUCCESSOR TO
HTJNTINGTON CHOSEN
LONDON, Oct. 16.— Lord Roberts was
to-day gazetted' honorary colonel of the
new regiment „ of Irish Guards. .
LONDON, Oct. 16.— Andrew Carnegie has
presented £10.000 to the town of Hawlck.
Roxburgh County, Scotland, for a public
library. ",
¦ ¦'¦:•¦*; -^ ¦/: ¦-.' •."— •
Roberts Is Honorary Colonel.
Andrew Carnegie's Gift.
president of our company will be chosen
lirst." ¦ ¦ •
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— There were no Indian troubles in the Depart
ment of the Colorado, last year, according to General ¦Merriam,"* and the only
difficulties between white men and Indians were individual, arising from cards,
and whisky. The white men, says the general, were . the aggressors. -In his
annual report General Merrlam states the disposition of his troops, and says:
"It will be observed that nearly all of the posts are placed^ on or In the
immediate vicinity of large reservations. The exceptions— Forts Douglass, D.
A. Russell and Logan— are at important railroad centers, rendering their gar
risons quickly available for emergencies Which may arise."* .
The general speaks with commendation of .'the excellent progress being
made toward civilization by the Apaches under the management of Captain
Nicholson, Seventh Cavalry. He said: , , .
"I found them largely and successfully, engaged' In agriculture, and saw
large numbers, of men as well- as women at work .In" the fields— most un
usual for Indians. I was told by railroad* officials that they could'not employ
better men for railroad labor. than these Apache Indians. 'In view of these
fact3 and of the assurance of Captain Nicholson of the absolute loyalty and
efficiency of his Indian -police I recommend the withdrawal of all the
troops from San Carlos agency, instead of repairing that post."
MERRIAM'S CONFIDENCE
IN APACHE INDIANS
Says There Have. Been No Uprisings andj
Troops May Safely Be Withdrawn. •¦: •
M. Gohier fought a duel October 18. 1899,
•with M. Mercier, a son of the former Min
ister of War, who .came into prominence
during | the Dreyfus trial. M. Mercier
was slightly wounded in the chest. Swords
were the weapons used.
Count de Sabran Ponteves was one of
the young Royalists arrested in August,
1P99. on the charge of engaging In the
demonstration against President Loubet.
M. Gohier was tried in 1899 on the charge
of Insulting the French army by the pub
lication of his book, "The Army Against
the Nation." He was acquitted.
PARIS, Oct. 16— M. Urbaln Gohier, the
anti-military journalist, author of the
book. "The Army Against the Xatlon,"
¦which created a. sensation in 1898, fought
a duel with pistols to-day, his opponent
being Count de Sabran Ponteves, without
any result. The dispute which led to the
meeting was an article published in the
Aurore, which the Count considered of
fensive to him.
Count Boni de Castellane was one of
Count de Sabran PonteVes* seconds.
M. Urbain Gohier and Count
Ponteves Meet and Ex
change Shots.
FIGHT DUEL BUT
SHED NO BLOOD
DETROIT, Oct. I6.r-As a result of a flro
this afternoon In. a building at 15 Jeffer
son avenue, occupied by . the Mitchell
Brothers, dealers In shoes, two men are
dead and eight persons more or less seri
ously hurt. , The dead:
ALONZOIRESON, shoemaker,, aged 40;
jumped from third-story window.'
I j ERNEST LISETTE, laster, smothered
in third floor. • . • f -
Injured: • Jennie McTaggert, aged 1G.
skull fractured, .and internal injuries;
condition" seripus. Augustine Spufta.'.hlp
and ribs .broken and burns;" condition se
rious. Charles Dessoll, aged 65. broken leg
and knee cap; condition serious. ', Charles
O'Connor,' shoemaker; fractured knee and
burns about head and arms. Joseph Pul
lare, laborer, bad burns, scalp wounds and
bruises. Minnie Corbett, aged 22, burned
about hands and arms. I>anlel Cardinal,
aged 45, internal Injuries, spine Injured,
severely burned. Belle Straight, aged 15,
severe burns. ¦. .
Several other employes received lesser
injuries, but were not taken to the hospi
tals.
The "origin of the fire is unknown.
Employes of a Shoe House
Forced to Jump Rrom
the Windows. •
TWO KILLED AT
MICHIGAN FERE
The deceased is survived by a widow,
two sons — Francis J. Thomas, an attorney
of this city, and Chester. Thomas, who Is
.connected with W. A. Clark's mines at
Jerome — and a daughter, Mrs. Annie E.
.Bancroft of this city.
In the development of ¦ the Comstock
mines Colonel Thomas took a prominent
part. He was made superintendent of the
Hale & NTorcroM, the Uncle Sam and
the Overman mines, and later became
fwnersl superintendent of Sutro's Tunnel.
He held that. position for nearly sixteen
years, until he retired to his home In -Los
Angeles about five years ago.
At the outbreak of the Civil TVar Colonel
Thomas received a commission as colonel
of a Maryland regiment. He started from
Ean Francisco to join his rejrlment, taking
passage on the ill-fated steamer Golden
¦West, which took fire off the coast of
Mexico. 600 out of her 700 passengers per
lfhlng. The heroic character of the man
was shown during this catastrophe. Col
onel Thomas returned to San Francisco
with the other survl\-ors and surrendered
his commission, looking upon this incident
as an Intervention of Providence to pre
vent his taking part in the war. .
LOS ANGELES. Oct 36— By the death
to-day of Colonel C. C. Thomas a promi
nent figure In California's history Is re
n:ovcd. Colonel Thomas was a native of
Maryland and 73 years old. He came to
California across the plains, arriving In
January, 1R49. and engaged In mining. He
was elected a member of the first Legis
lature of California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Was for Sixteen Years Su
perintendent of the
Sutro TunneL
DEATH'S CALL
FOR COL. THOMAS
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Betting on the
result of the Presidential election yester
day developed the remarkable odds' of 5
to 1 on McKinley. This was the answer
of the. New York sneculative public to
•Mr.- Bryan's bid for the JSeW York elec
toral vote. . - .
r An offer was made, by Ed Washerman
to bet JlOO.OOO.on McKinley against $25,000.
on Bryan, but no takers were found.! An
other offer was made soon thereafterat
odds of 5 to l,- but no Bryan money was
forthcoming/ 7- ¦;-.:¦. •;.
Wall street was alive with, bettlhe
stories yesterday and local Democrats
who had been betting on Bryan at odds'
of Vx and 3 on McKinley were now tn
deavoring to place bets' on the other sida
in order to hedge. Odds have been run
ning up on them so rapidly that verv
.large sums of money must be placed now
by these backers of Bryan In order to
hedge any considerable' portion of beta
i they have made against McKinley
It is believed in sporting circle* that
there, will be no falling in the McKln^
odds and If this be true thJre will K
practically.no bettlns at oddi of 3 to '
unless Mr. Bryan's visit to New York
State creates a very deep imnr*><5«irwr.
W. B. Oliver Jr. to-day offered »h. (
of $1MO even on McKinleJ on ea?h 10 0M
; plurality in this State up to"lOO<X» iff
AVa 2 S !L m * al^ s JP r °Posltion is to bet JlooO
i evert that " McKtriley will have 10 mx» ViuV
rality; lioop ev 9 n that, he wifl haTe P 2&
E^tffo 111 " 1 , 89 - °5 up t0 J10 °.«00 He 'also'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Heavy Odds Offered in New
York. With But Few!
Takers.
BRYAN MONEY
IS VERY SCARCE
NEW YORK. Oct. M.— Robert Wamsley,
who arrived in Brooklyn from San Fran
cisco on Saturday last and who was taken
in charge by the police there on account
of his strange behavior. wa> escorted to
Hoboken this morning by a policeman and
put aboard the meamship Deutschland.
which sailed for Plymouth and Hamburg
Mr. Wamsky. who is advanced in years',
had in his possession bonds and drafts
for a large amount. Just before the ship's
hour for sailing Wamsley indulged in va
rious antics do deck which caused the
captain to decide that he would not be a
desirable pa.«.«en{rer on the trip. Special
Detective Memenkoft went aboard the
ship and brought Wamsley ashore after
a struggle. He was taken to police head
quarters in Hoboken and was removed
afterward to St. Mary\= Hospital. It is
believed that he is demented.
Placed Aboard the Deutschland, but
Is Afterward Taken Ashore and
Removed to a Hospital.
WAMSLET BELIEVED
TO BE DEMENTED
LANSFORD, Pa., Oct. 16.— About
1500 men and sixty women and
girls marched eighteen miles from
the south side of the Hazleton re
gion during the night for the
Panther Creek Valley, -where they ex
pected to close the ten collieries of the
Lehigh Coal and ; Navigation Company,
but just as the weary marchers wen;
nearing their destination this morning
they were met on a mountain road by
three companies of infantry and at the
point of the bayonet were driven back
four miles to Tamaqua and dispersed.
Another crowA of £00 strikers from the
north side of Hazleton also marched here
and succeeded in closing the company's
No. 1 colliery at Nesquehoning, near
Mauch Chunk, before it was scattered.
The presence of the soldiers was entirely
unexpected and the. strikers were much
crestfallen that they failed in accomplish
ing the object of their long march.
It was probably the most exciting morn
ing that the Panther Creek and the Nes
quehonlrg valleys have ever experienced.
Strikers wore scattered over the various
roads and companies of soldiers were
scurrying in all directions, heading off
the marching men. For a moment just
after the two forces met on the road in
the darkness it looked as if a clash would
come, but the good sense of those who
had charge of the strikers prevented a
conflict.
The march on Panther Creek Valley was
on the strikers' programme for several
days. The United' Mine Workers ever
since the strike started have been at
tempting to close the collieries of the
Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company In
this region. Organizers were constantly
in the region, but a.s a rule they did not
meet with much success, so it was de
cided to use stronger methods to get tho
men "employed in the ten mines out on
strike. Accordingly it was arranged that
a big demonstration should be held in the
'valley. .¦ It was to have been held yester
day morning, but owing to the heavy rain
and muddy roads it was called off until
this morning. Thoso who took part were
strikers from McAdoo, Yorktown, Bunker
Hill and Silver Brook, from the Fouth
side of Hazleton, and the Freeland, Drif-
The .strikers began to protest that- they
could not be stopped on a public highway
«nd many of them showed a disposition to
resist the soldiers. The officer in charge
of the troops, however ,~ kept his men in
Position and the strikers, seeing
that the soldiers evidently meant
business, slowly ' began to re-
"In the name of the people of the State
of Pennsylvania. I command you to dis
perse and to return whence you came."
At a point half a mile from Coaldal"
there is a sharp turn In the road and
as the newspaper men rounded it there
came a command of "halt!'.* and about
fifty feet in 'front of them stood solid
rows of soldiers, who were stretched
across the road with bayonets ! fixed
Sheriff Toole of Schuyiklll County was
with them. Tho commander of the troops,
speaking to the waiting crowd, said:
Carriages containing newspaper corre
spondents who had been trailing along at
the rear of the proc;>r-sion were requested
to lead, so they would not Interfere with
the plans of the strikers. Following the
newspaper m<?n came the two convey
ances containing the McAdoo women and
then followed a long line of Hungarians,
Italians, Poles, Slavs and English
speaking mine-workers.
The marchers came down like two ar
mies, the South Side men marchinjr hy
way of Tamao.ua. while the strikers
from the North Side went over the moun
tain at Beaver Meadow and entered the
Panther Creek Valley by way of Nesque
honlnp. The South Side army concentrat
ed at McAdoo and the order to march was
piven at 10:30 o'clock laft night. Thero
were several life, and drum corps 'and a
brass band In the line. The women and
girls were conveyed in two large omni
buses. The whole town of 'McAdoo Was
out to see the marchers start. Until 12
o'clock the night was very dark, it be
ing difficult to see any distance in the
mountain passes, but after midnight the
moon came out from behind a bank of
clouds and for the remainder of the
journey the marchers had plenty of light.
As the town of Tamaqua was efftered at
2 a. m. the strikers began, to make as
much noise as they could. The marchers
went through the town without stopping
for rest and headed for Coaldale. four
and a half milos away.
ton. Jeddo and Beaver Meadow strikers
from the north side. The women and girls
all came from McAdoa. which borough i»
the only one in the Hazleton region which
has organized female marchers. -
Those in attendance at the morning ses
sion were President Harris and Directors
Loeher, Welch and George F; Baer of the
Reading Company: John B. Garrett, vice
president of the Lehigh Valley Railroad;
Dr. Herbert M. Howe of A. Pardee & Co.;
M. S. Kemrnerer of Mauch Chunk, and
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 16.— A secret
conference was held to-day in the office
of the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad
Company between representatives of vari
ous coal carrying railroads and a number
of individual operators. The participants
were pledged to secrecy as to the objeel
of the consultation and nothing could bo
learned of what took place. There were
two sessions of the conference. The first
began at 11 'o'clock In the morning and
continued until 1 o'clock in the afternoon.
After adjournment ror i lunch another
meeting was held, continuing until 5
o'clock.
Representatives of Railroads Meet at
Office of Philadelphia and Reading.
Superintendent W. D. Zehner of the
company stated that if Sheriff Brislin of
Carbon County, In which the colliery is
located, had performed his duty in a
proper manner the Nesquehoning colliery
would not have been shut down. Mr.
Zehner said the remaining nine collieries
of the company are working, most of
them full-handed. . .
¦ ¦ a
SECRET CONFERENCE HELD.
When the soldiers ha,d driven the strik
ers over the mountain- a company was
sent back to Coaldale, where the soldiers
bearded coal cars and were sent to Tama
qua to quell p.ny disturbance the scatter
ing strikers might stir up there. Further
along «t he road a company was deployed
to protect a -colliery while the marchers
were passing it. and later it was also sent
to Tamaqua. The three companies com
bined in the later town and soon had the
marchers well scattered. While all this
had been going on the North Side march
ers had everytning their own way in the
Nesquehoning Valley. . They reached
there after 2 o'clock and succeeded in pur
suading enougrh men to remain away from
the Lehigh Coal and Navigation Com
pany's No. 1 colliery to compel its shut
down. General Gobin sent two companies
of soldiers over there and soon had order
restored.
During all of this time the identity of
the troops was unknown, owing to the
darkness, and it was reported through the
crowd that they belonged to the Thir
teenth Regiment of Scranton. The sol
diers were really members of the Fourth
Regiment, which has been stationed at
Shenandoah for three weeks. Eight com
panies of the regiment left Shenandoah at
12:30 a. m., leaving two companies behind.
Brigadier General Gobin was in command.
On their arrival at Coaldale, three com
panies, under command of Colonel O'Neill,
were sent out to .meet the South Side
marchers. Three companies were left at
Coaldale. while ! two companies, under
command of General Gobin, came here.
turn toward Tamaqua. "Mother
"Jones vehemently protested against -the
action of the troops !n stopping the
marchers, but she. was shut oft! and or
dered to move on. The McAdoo women
had to be almost pushed along, so slowly
did they walk. They continually Jeered
at the soldiers, calling them all kinds of
names and threatening them with pun
ishment if they should dare to visit Mc-
Adoo. It took from 3 to after 6 o'clock
to drive the crowd back to Tamaqua.
SCRANTON. Pa., Oct. 16.— The Gibbons
Coal Company's colliery in South Scran
ton is being put in order for work and the
company says it will begin operations to
morrow or next day surely. This com
pany has agreed to grant the strikers' de
mands if the strike is raised, and further
that it will only mine enough ccal to fill
its contract with the school district. Dis
trict Secretary Dempsey. of the United
Mine Workers said to-day that the board
had not acted on the matter, but that in
all likelihood the request of the company
will be granted.
The Delaware and Hudson. Company's
two washerles at Carbondale and Olym
pant have resumed operations after an
idleness extending a month beyond the
beginning of the strike.
A Hungarian laborer who went to work
at the Carbondale washery was badly
beaten in a saloon. He was not able to
return to work.
Demands of the Strikers.
Gibbons Coal Company Accedes to
WILL RESTJME OPERATIONS.
It was long after nightfall when the
first of the strikers who marched to
Panther Creek Valley returned. .They
were, for the most part, footsore and
weary. The distance of eighteen miles
from Hazleton to Coaldale is principally
down grade, and the walk there was
scarcely noticed by the strikers. The up
hill march home, however, with the added
facts of a sleepless night, and a failure
to accomplish their purpose, tended to
dampen their ardor somewhat.
This was an exceedingly quiet day
around the headquarters of - the United
Mine Workers. President Mitchell spent
most of the day in disposing of the mail,
which had accumulated during the miners'
convention last week. Air. Mitchell said
he had received no communication or even
an intimation that the operators would
accept. .the proposition made by the con
vention.
HAZLETON, Pa., Oct. 16.— The report
that Frank Pardee, manager of the Cal
vin Pardee Company colliery at Cran
berry, had requested the Governor to
send troops into .Luzerne County, is not
exactly correct. Mr. Pardee to-night de
nied that he had done so, but said he and
Governor Stone had talked on the advisa
bility of having soldiers in this region.
It is Mr. Pardee's belief that if troop3
were stationed here it would' have con
siderable effect in the way of keeping the
peace and preventing marches. Mr. Par
dee added that the Governor told him
that he would refer the matter to General
Gobin, who is now on duty in Schuylkill
County. , . .
visability of Their Presence.
DID NOT ASK FOR TROOPS.
Pardee Says He Only Suggested Ad-
William Connell of Scranton and John
Markle, whose collieries are at Jeddo.
General Manager Henderson and General
Superintendent Luther of the Reading
Company were called in at various stages
of the conference. President Harris and
Mr. Welch did not attend the afternoon
meeting. It is understood that anothei
conference will be held to-morrow. After
the consultation George F. Baer remarked
in a general way that it might be some
days before a settlement of the strike id
reached. ¦ •
Winners of Salinas Races.
SALINAS, Oct. 16.— At the Agricultural
Fair races to-day the 2:30 trot was won by
Maggie McKinney and the 2:35 pace by
Fredericksburg. Venus K and Limber
Jim captured the sprints.-
DEN\*ER, Oct. 16.— Joe Gans of Balti
more, put out Otto Seiloff of Chicago In
the ninth round of what was scheduled -to
be a ten-round go before the Olympic
C.ub here to-night. Gans had the best
of it all the way through. Seiloff showed
a willingness to engage the Baltimore lad.
and took his drubbing well. Gans forced
the fighting but little and was noticeably
fresh »at the end of each round and at
the conclusion of the fight. The fighting
was clean and the 2000 persons who saw
it were well pleased with the result.
Easy Victory for Gans.
To-night's right was not so fast at any
time as the men's first fight. Matthews
did the leading and crowding from the
start. The crowd approved the decision.
DETROIT, Oct. 16.— Matty Matthews o'
Xew York and Rube Ferns of Buffalo met
before the Cadillac Athletic Club to-night
for the second time for the welterweight
championship, and after fifteen rounds of
fighting Referee Slier gave the decision to
Matthews. The decision on their former
fight .went to Ferns. The latter was
handicapped to-night by a bad left shoul
der. Two weeks ago blood- poisoning de
veloped in It, and to-nicrht there were
three open sores on the afflicted shoulder.
Both men weighed in at 140 pounds at 3
o'clock this afternoon. Matthews was
|n the pink of condition and Ferns was in
good shape, aside from his bad shoulder.
dicapped by a Lame Shouldsr.
Defeats Rube Ferns, Who Was Han-
The fair was not a financial success, so
the secretary claims, and the money
taken in at the gate went to meet j the
daily expenses. Horsemen from all "over
the State entered their horses and were
under heavy expenses In bringing them
here. W. D. Randall won four purses
and received the same number of prom
ises. ' ' Other horsemen are in the same
predicament.
The present fair was the besl attended
of any ever held here, and the Supposition
was that it was making money. Treas
urer Austin of the association said this
evening no money had been turned Into
the treasury. Secretary' Main refused to
be seen or interviewed, but instructed his
daughter to say that the horsemen would
get their money In time. /
. -.- ••., ..-.,. . — « . ...
MATTHEWS GETS THE DECISION.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 16.— Horsemen who
participated in the races at the County
Fair last week are clamoring for their
money won in purses and denouncing
Secretary Main and the directors of the
Agricultural Society. The first two days
the purses were promptly paid, but- after
that I. O. U's were handed out to the
horsemen. These aro to be met when the
$3000 appropriation due the district Is ob
tained from the State.
San Jose's Fair.
Have Not Received Purses "Won at
HORSEMEN COMPLAINING.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 16.— The Association of
Railway Superintendents of Bridses ar # ,i
Buildings fcepran Its eleventh annual con
vention to-day and will continue in session
until Thursday. Ail the officers and nearly
100 members were present when the first
pession opened in the Southern Hotel.
President Marklcy delivered h!s Jrnnual
address, and business of a routine nature,
with the presentation of reports and pa
pers, took up the remaining: time.
Railway Men Meet.
The enemy surprised a party of scouts
of the Forty-third Infantry at a point
three miles from Takloban. *I>eyte Island,
killing three of the Americans; at the
firft volley. Two escaped and grave the
elarm, but the enemy succeeded in evad
ing thfir pursuers. The native police of
T.-iklr.ban had conspired to surprise the
Americans. The bodies of the dead sol
diers were badly mutilated.
MANILA. Oct. 14 (via Hongkong-, OcL
JC— A detachment of twenty men of the
Twt nty-f«urth Rrgiment. While engaged
in repairing- ti-legraph wires October 10
at a point near San Jose, Nueva, Ecija
Province. Luzon Island, was set upon by
1?33 rebels, overpowered' and scattered.
Se\"en of the- Americans reached San Jo^e,
but it is probable that the remainder were
captured.
Died from wound? received in action —
Septemlver 3<.», Company M, Forty-tifth In
fantry. Edward Hyland.
Accidental discharge of pistol, July SO,
hospital <:»rps, William D. Sharper.
KiUe'.l by comrade — October 7, William,
Ktlnatrick. - ¦ * ¦¦
Pneumonia — Octobor 8, Company B,
Thirty-seventh Infantry, Edward Sum
mers.
Df-ngue— Aupust 29. Company L. Forty
fourth Infantry, James P. Alloritton.
Cardiac dilation— October 10, Company
M, Twenty-flfth Infantry, Smith Berna
han.
Malarial fever— October 7, Hospital
Corp^, Henry G. Patterson; October 5,
<"ompar.v A, Fortv-ninth Infantry, Arthur
Hunt.
Drowned— October 4, Troop M, Fourth
Cavalry, Loroy W. Plants.
Tuberculosis — October 2. Company L.
Forty-ninth Infantry. Corporal James
Robinson.
Typhoid fever— October 9, Company E,
Twenty-fourth Infantry, Ermine Cook;
October 4, Hospital Corps', Edward
C. Roth; August 'SI, Company L, Forty
lifth lnfantrv. Thomas B. Riley; Septem
ber 2», Company 11, Twenty-Juxth In
fantry. John J. Dclaii.
Uleeration of Intestines — October 8,
Company K. Thirteenth Infantry. James
1*. Suliivan; October 6. Company C,
Twelfth Infantry. Joseph B. Halley.
Enteritis— October 12. .Troop F, Third
Cavalry. John Lindon.
Dysentery. September 2S. Company K.
Sixth Infantry, Francis li. Bowling; Sep
tember 25. Troop C, Eleventh Cavalry,
John J. Curry; September 17. Company A,
-Nineteenth infantry. • Jaxnes McShearer;
Ociober la. Company 1>. I-'orty-tifth ln
lantry, Peter Sotierpren; October 12, Com
pany 1, Thirty-third Infantry, Jules D.
Alexander; Company A.' Forty-fifth In
fantry. Uaniel K. Kobb; Company G,
Thirtieth Infantry. Homer W. Poland.
October 31, Troop G, Fourth Cavalry,
John E. Herndon; Company K, Seven
teenth Infantry, W. W. Kcssendon. Oc
tober 7. Company F, Thirteenth Infantry.
Uaniel Currie.
General MtuArthur gives no details of
the jr.ar.m-r of the rescue of Captain
Shields' party, but there is every reason
to euppotHj ttiat it was due to the ptr
eiFiom efforts ot the forces under the
eommatid of General Hare. Captain
Shields' party consisted ot" himself and
fifty-one inen, aii but one of whom were
menik-rs of Company F of the Twenty
ninth Volunteer Infantry. Captain Shields
was- seriously wou::dod in the neck, mouth
avA *hould<-r.
Gent-rul ilac Arthur also cabled the fol
lowing list of deaths in the Philippines:
Wounded— September 33. Captain Dever
caux Shields, 'lcttK, mouth and shoulder,
t-oriuu:?; L. ii. Colvin, hip, slignt;
Hoberi D. Jackson, cheek, slight; Oliver
<J. Johnson, titad slight, arm. serious;
Juan I>. l J ooie. iiead. Blight; John C. Hew,
head ar.d wrist flight, snoulder serious.
Ki;led — September 13. Company F,
Twenty-ninsh IU gimeat. U. S. V. Infan
try, William Andrews. Elmer Rurare, Er
w:n Klles; September 14. Frank Weigh
and.
WASHINGTON, Oct. IS.— A cable dis
patch was received from General Mac-
Arthur to-day giving the casualties of
Captain Shields' command in the island of
Marinduqut. t'aptain Shields and his
men were captured by the insurgents and
afterward rescued by General Hare's
troops. The ii~t follows:
Details of the Rescue Are Lacking,
but It Was Probably Accomplished.
by Persistent Efforts of
Gentral Haire.
MacArthur Cables Names
of Those Killed and
Wounded.
CASUALTY LIST
OF MEMBERS OF
SHIELDS' PARTY
LONDON. Oct. 17.— "I would give every
penny I have anil begin again at the bot
tom of the ladder to lift the America's
cup." .
Thus spoke Sir. Thomas Llpton with
characteristic earnestness and frankness
when talking yesterday afternoon about
his second challenge for the trophy, which
he believes he will bring back to England.
Sir Thomas took the defeat of the Sham
rock very much to heart, for he was firm
ly convinced that she was a better boat
than the Columbia, and that she should
win under ordinary circumstances. But
Sir Thomas accepted the reverse -like <i
true sportsman and did not seek to make
any excuses. When the Shamrock II ia
fitted out for her voyage to America Sir
Thomas will make use of the knowledge
gained in handling the first ShamrocK.
He will intrust his new, yacht to new
skippers.
If in their hands she fails to "lift" the
cup Six Thomas wil\ concede that ..it
Americans have no peers as yacht, build
ers.
"I take off my .hat to the Herresnoffs."
said Sir Thomas yesterday. "They -arc
wonderful men. I would give all I havo
to build on this side of the water a craft
better than they can produce. If money
can build a yacht superior to the Her
reshoft boat then I will bring the cup
back to England.
"I want no fairer course than the Sandy
Hook course.
"My challenge is possibly the shortest
ever sent to America. . No conditions are
attached except a request aa to the time
when the races shall be held.".
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Satisfied With the Sandy Hook Cours3
and Will Not Ask for Any Con
cessions Out of the
Ordinary.
Says He Is Willing to f p?nd
Every Penny He Owns
if Necessary.
SIR THOMAS
DETERMINES TO
GET THAT CUP
CAPE TOWN, bet, 16.— The British re
entered BFoeinhoef, near Kimberley. Oc
tober 14. unopposed, and captured fifty
Boers. . -'*.-
LONDON, Oct. 16.— Lord Roberts reports
from Pretoria, under date of October 15,
da follows: ' ,.,•..•
Frenrh started from ' Machadodorp towarl
He!«l<»li>erg to clear a part of the country iwi
yet visited by our trocus.
Malwn, commanding the mounted -troop*.
successfully encased the, enemy on October l:
but oi;r looses' were severe, three officers aiii
elerht men being killed and three of fleers an.
twenty-five men wounded. *
Frrncn occupied Carolina yesterday, captur
ing a convoy during his march.
Lord Roberts also reports a number of
mirfor affairs, showing that the P.o<?rs are
still active over a wide field. . .
— •?— —
Three Officers and Eight Men Killed
and Three Officers and~Twenty-
Five , Men Are
' Wounded.
Roberts Reports Successful
Engagement, but Admits
. . Heavy Losses.
BOERS CONTINUE
BATTLE AGAINST
BRITISH TROOPS
¦ ' ¦ -" '•¦:•¦: ¦ ¦'¦¦ r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEK Yl, i'-'tru.
After Tramping Eighteen Miles Toward the Lehigh Mines They Are Met by
a Phalanx of Soldiers, and Forced to Turn Back to Their Homes.
LONG AND WEARISOME MARCH OF
MINERS ENDS IN DISAPPOINTMENT
THREE COMPANIES OF THE FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA REGIMENT
'STATIONED IN PANTHER CREEK VALLEY YESTERDAY HEAD
ED OFF A MARCH OF MINERS.
2
ADVEBTISET/IENTS.
VISCOLIZED
SHOES
Keep Your Feet Dry I
Leather tanned with VUcol oil has a '
world-wide reputation. The leather be- i
tng saturated with the oit makes It ah-* j
solutely waterproof and yet as soft and }
easy as a glove on the foot. Men's vis- i
colized lace shoes in all styles of double ',
soles sold lor ."«;t.~O a pair. «
We Have the V1SC0L OIL For Sale
at 25c a tottls. I
U . SPKCIAL SALE LADIE3* SPRING- I
il HEEL SHOES in VlcJ Kid Button.
<S cloth or kid tops, and Pebble Goat But-
>7 ' ton with medium square or narrow
K coin toes and tips, sizes 2H to 6. widths
« A to EE. will be sold at i?l.l.*i a pair.
YZ formerly J2. . We have not all sues In
ii every line, and that is why we have
? cut the price to clear them out.
B. KATCHINSKI,
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
> 10 Third St.. San Francisco.
= NOT! = ,
The lowest price, but the
; best suit of clothes at mod-
erate prices Is what you
want. This combines a styl-
ish cut. perfect fit and best
of trimmings and is what
you get at
JOE POHEIM'S,
• THE TAILOlt,
Suits to order, Sl.i.fJO to
StftMJft- Panls - S4-™ t«>
5I2.OQ Overcoats.
tflo.OO to 840.00- Hon-
est dealing and prompt at-
tention.
201 and 203 Montgomery st..
1110 and 1112 Market at.. San
Francisco.
143 S. Spring st., Los An-
- . .geles. .. . ..... . .
JDRrpiERcimicTRiaiiL?
1 This is the Belt "* x f .V"— «k». «>.««.
WITHOUT (+ f 2±Jt? c ~~ n 1* f ' <?si'
, I'Ati mnilm-n T«I *¦ f 1 - tTlC CUITeTIt'
£xes N * er r ous D'8W»e» of both
fIflti»M! y ' cu E d when other rtmedle*
out" in i- & *'° r £- Lame **<* "*nocjwd
SS nv\$ * y 2. T , Prtc « reasonable. BCT
' PIKT»n£^. V^ T °U SEE -DR.
nnrt^7ivv9^9 MPANT - Eleven forty-flv^
Pacing riT (near 26th st-).Nr.W YORK.
r£,w . f* 8 4 h ««*iuarters. 3lx twenty )
I SAN FRAXCiacr, (
»hA.\» n £ Booklet N'a 1" t*l!s all )
1 rrnl-P h p . le "*"" Electric TRUSS. It (
C li KES Rupture ! , )
Price 25 cents. All drucgtJts. or sent post
E^ on receipt of pricl DR. PAUL DB
FORD. 175 N. BDrtus St'.'Los Angeles, Cai.
fWeare making a clean-up in our sta
tionery department by closing out a lot
of odd Writing papers ' and envelopes • at
especially low prices.- • It ' will pay you to
comfi and see them. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741' Market street . •
A Clean-Up.
HARLAN BOUND OVER
TO KEEP THE PEACE
Napa Physician Accussd of Having
Threatened the Life of a San v
Francisco Miss.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 16.— Dr. \V. L. Har
lan of Napa. after an examination last-
Ing more than a week, was to-day bound
over in the sum of $2000 to keep the peace
Unable to give bail he is in Jail. The cas*
will be appealed.
H , a .tf a ?.. ls a^, 0 " 5 *^ of having threatened
to kill Miss Floy Firman, with whom he
was infatuated. He met her in Denver
and when she and her mother left that
city he hired a detective to ascertain their
¦whereabouts. After a long search he lo
cated them In San Francisco. Harlan de
nies having made any threat.
The proposed ordinance fixes the age at
17 'years.. Any boy or. girl under that age
found wandering on the street after 9
o'clock may be locked up, but' the par
ents ' also will be subject to arrest and
may. be fined from J5 to $25 for the viola
tion of. the curfew law by their children:
LOS ANGELES, Oct. lG.-Chicf of Police
Elton has framed a new curfew ordinance,
.which the Council *' will be asked to pass.
The trouble with the present ordinance is
that no practicable means is provided for
enforcing it. Children under 15 years of
age may be arrested for being . on the
streets after 9 p. m.. but it is neither
Humane nor desirable to make them spend
the night In the city jail.
les Chief of Police.
Regulations Proposed by Los Ange-
FRAMES A CURFEW ORDINANCE.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 16.— From a compi
lation made in the County Clerk's office
this afternoon it has been ascertained
that the presnt. registration In this city
Is I960. Four ¦ years, apo' If was 1563.
Santa Rosa's Increased Registration.
FRESNO, Oct. 16.— Since the 26th of
September and up to the close of business
last/ night there has been-received-$824,
9S7 by the association for this year's crop
of raisins. To growers $520,145 has been
distributed. - Yesterday's ; receipts were
$r>8.238 79. which is $12,000 less than the
highest receipts for any one day.
Gold for Raisin-Growers.
PORTLAND. Oct. 16.— General F. C.
Carr of Illinois, who is . campaigning in
the West under the auspices of the Re
publican National Committee, tpoke here
to-night to a large audience: 1 General
Carr dwelt at length on the question of
expansion. He said with the opportunities
for commerce now being opened up In the
Orient the cities of the Pacific Coast will
In a few years rival New York, Boston.
Philadelphia and Baltimore.
Cf.rr Advocates Expansion.
the eleventh annual session of the j
High Court of the Independent order. The i
red, white and, blue official badges of th« j
delegates are seen everywhere. The vis
itors are met at the railway station by
the following reception committee:
Court Sequoia Xo. 1767 of Santa Cruz— F. P.
Cooper, G. Staffler, C. M. Lewis, D. Jonas, J. I
Severio, E. P. Youngr, "S. J. Strauss, W. S. j
Moore, E. Daubenbis, \V. S. Rogers. L. J. ;
Dake, L. H. "VVessendorf.' H. K. Pierce, K. J. |
Helms, E. Alzlna, E>i\ F. E. Morgan. |
Court "Wildwood No. 633 of Boulder Creek— I
W. H. Dool, Henry A. Jameson. M. C. Swart
hcut. H G. Hollonback. J. P. Mullen. Joseph i
H. Aram, A. H. Stagy, A. L. Seldlinger, W. B. j
Peery. I. T. Bloom. j
The local committees, which have work
ed hard In preparation for the coming of,|
the Foresters v are as follow: I
Finance — J. F. Helms, David Jonas, I* H. !
Wcssendorf, Will S. Moore, C. M. Lewis and I
\V. S. Rodgers of Boulder Creek.
Hotel Accommodation— George Staffler Jr., J
E. Alzina and Will S. Moore, . ">
Programme, Entertainment and Music — John ;
Severio, Enoch Alzlna and \V. S. Rodgers. '
Hall— H. K. Pierce and John Severio. {
p re£!S _e. M. Lewis, Ed Daubenbis and W.
S. Rodgers.
The High Court headquarters are at th^j
Hotel St. George and here, are to be found
the grand officers. They are: High chief
ranger, G. A. McElfresh of Los Angeles;;
past high chief ranger. Dr. F. M. Parker J
of Los Angele3; high vice chief ranger, S. ,
L. Hogue of Fresno; high secretary, W. !
H. Perry of Los Angeles; high treasurer,';
William E. Reavls of Los Angeles; high |
physician, J. C. Stinson, M. D., of San
Francisco; high councilor, F. D. McClure j
of Visalla.
The High Court convened at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon and was called to order by I
High Chief Ranger McElfresh. ;
The first business after organization \
was the report' of the credentials commit- j
tee. Ninety-five delegates took the High !
>^ourt degree. Th* standing committees!
appointed were: !
, Credentials— W. H. Perry. Lo» Angeles; E. I
A. Schulz, Monterey; J. A. Relniers. San Fran
cisco; L. H. Wessendorf, Santa Cruz; G. F.
Harrison.' San Bernard'no.
Distribution— G. G. Vanderllp. San Rafael;
C. Clark. Pomona: W. C. Sr>aldlnsr. Colusa:
C. W. Greer," Satlcoy; Cyrus Maddock, San
Pedro. • -
Finance— A. L. Darrow, San Diego; W. W.
Waller. Santa Monica; Charles L. Wilde. Los
Anqeles; L. M. Robinson, Stockton;- O. S. i
Coor-er, Vallejo.
Appeals and petitions— J. M. Johnson, Wheat- I
land; P. F. Skelly. Westminster; E. F. Mills, |
Sevastopol; J. H. Nash, Halfmoon Bay; E. M. ,
Cameron, San Franciueo. j
. Constitution and laws— Dr. C. C. Dlckson, Los '
Angeles; R. E. Wlrschlng, Los Angeles; J. J. |
Cornell. Los <Jatos; V, Waller, Salinas: Rev. |
E. HY Dlnsmore,. Santa Barbara; C. M. Lewis. \
Santa Cruz; W, S. Rodgers. Boulder Creek;
A. J. Bradley, Los Angeles; Dr. F. W. Brown- !
Inp. Haywards.- ' [
N"ew business — Benjamin Brooks. San Lul« ]
Obispo; Earl Downing, Pleasanton; 8. F. Ben- |
nett, San Luis Obispo; Thoma3 Murphy, Chlco: j
S. L. Savane. Livermore. !
Mileage and per diem— F. H. Seymour. San
Francisco: W. J. Bell. Vlsalia: Charles T. i
Young, Palmetto; T. A. King, Norwalk; H. J. „
Wood, Corona,
Press-sw. S. Rodgers. Boulder Creek; P. S.
Struckman, Oakland; S. J. Duckworth, San
Francisco.
High Chief Ranger McElfresh gave a ¦
report full of encouragement. In Califor- I
nia the membership is 9354, the number of
courts 166. Courts have been established
at San Rafael. Irvlngton and. Vacavllle. ;
Sixty-one members dled«during the year, i
High Secretary W. H. Perry of Los An- i
peles reported the number of members in |
July, 18C9, as 8818; initiated during the termj
164o; by card or' reinstatement, 351; total.'
10,614. Withdrawn, 305: died. 51: sus- ;
pended, 898; expelled, 3; placed on, perma
nent debility list. 3: total. 12S0. . I
High Treasurer William E. Reavis of
Los Angeles reported the total amount re
ceived 114,070 84; expenditures, J05S8; bal
ance, $4482 11.
This evening an open air concert was.
given from the St. George Hotel balcony
and for an hour choice music was ren
dered' by Hastings' Band. Later the'
opera-house was crowded to the doors at
the reception tendered the delegated The •
platform was prettily" decorated. Charles ,
.M. Lewis, chief ranger of the local lodge, !
presided. The address of welcome, giv- J
Ing- the delegates the freedom of the city. '
was made by Mayor J. P. Parker and the j
response by High Chief Ranger Me- 1
Elfresh. There was an. overture by Hast- ;
Ings'. Band,' a vocal solo by Miss Paula 1
Fisher, a recitation by Miss Minnie Cope, i
a ; saxophone solo by Professor • George
Hastings and a piano solo by Miss Ida ¦
Wilson. * , j
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 16.— Santa Cruz
Is now In full possession of the
Foresters, who have come from
all parts of the State to attend
High Court of Foresters
Begins Its Annual
Session at Santa
Cruz.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CITIZENS OF THREE CALIFORNIA TOWNS
ENTERTAIN GRAND LODGE DELEGATES
Ladies of the Eastern Star
In Full Possession
of the Garden
City.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call."
SAN JOSE, Oct. 16.— The ladles of
the Eastern Star have captured
the Garden City and there will be
a reign of gayety in San Jose the
balance of the week. All of to
day's trains brought large numbers of
delegates and mnre are expected to-mor
row. When the Grand Chapter was called
to order in Home Union Hall about 300
delegates were present.
This evening the visitors were tendered
a reception in St. James Hotel Music Hall.
This was but the beginning of the hos
pitality and entertainment to be extended
by San Jose Chapter. The place was
crowded by the elite of the city and
a' hearty greeting was extended to the
guests. Jui^e Hyland delivered an ad
dress of welcome. A tine musical pro
gramme was rendered, followed by re
freshments and dancing.
The twenty-eighth annual session of .the
Grand Chapter of the Order of the East
ern Star, which comprises California and
Nevada, promises to be an Important one.
The Grand Chapter did little more than
effect organization this afternoon. The
delegates were slow in assembling and it
was 2:30 o'clock when Dr. Lawrence,
past grand patron, called the convention
to order. He delivered a short address.
All of the grand ofilcers were present
and In their places, as follows: George
Darling, worthy grand patron; Mrs. Fan
nie T. McCowan, worthy grand matron;
Charles Corbler, associate grand patron;
Mrs. Lulu Lucas, associate grand matron;
Mrs. Kate Willats, grand secretary: Mrs.
Isabelle Vawter,' grand treasurer; Mrs.
Anna Johnson, grand conductress; Mrs.
Minnie Hallet. associate grand con
duetreas; Mrs. Mary Devereux, grand
chaplain; Miss Nettie Foree. grand mar
shal; Mrs., Carrie Hoff. grand Adah; Mrs.
Annia Kleiinner. grand Ruth: Mrs. Mary
Correll. grand Ksther; Mrs. Jennie Hall,
grand Martha: Mrs. Agnes Conant, grand
Electa; Mrs. Clara Spalding, grand organ
ist; Miss May Beemer, grand warden;
Miss Minnie Brown; grand sentinel.
The various commiltees had been ap
pointed at the last sesFlon and they at
once took up their work. Grand Secre
tary ¦ Kate J. Willats presented her an
nual report. It showed 158 chapters in
the jurisdiction, with a membership of
more .than 12/100. During the year 1103
new members had been added and the
Grand Chapter was in a flourishing condi
tion. Now chapters were Instituted at
Lorapcc, Ontario. Berkeley, Centerville,
San Francisco, Windsor. College City,
llocklln, Crockett, Sail Mateo and Santa
Paula. One ehsirter haa been surrendered
during the year — that of Sanger.-
The report of Grand Treasurer Isabella
Vawter showed the financial condition of
the Grand Chapter, to be excellent. The
credentials committee reported, Bent'ng all
the delegates. An adjournment was taken
until to-morrow morning.- when the im
portant work of the chapter will be
taken up. , ' *
Redding Supplies Amuse
ment for Visiting
Odd Fellows and
Rebekahs.
Epoclal Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. Oct. 16.— Interview*
with many delegates to tht
Grand Encampment of Odd Fel
lows, now 'n session In this city
show that Fresno is in the lead
and is almost certain to be designated as
the meeting pla^e of the next Grand En
campment. At the tl.ae when Redding
obtained the honor Fresno was its most
formidable opponent. Merced, Modesto.
Paso Robles and Eureka are strong candl
dates, but the indications point to their
defeat.
At to-day's session of the Grand En
campment nominations for grand ofilcers,
for which the election occurs to-morrow,
were made as follows: For grand patri
arch x. D. Gummoe of Grass Valley;
grand high priest, C. H. Weaver of Ala
mecia; grana senior warden, A. C. Bates
of San Jose; grand scribe, William H.
Barnes of San Francisco; grand treas
urer, Henry C. George; grand representa
tive, Joseph Foster of San Francisco;
grand trustees— H. S. Winn, \V. S. Pot
ter and F. A. Week.
For grand junior warden there are no
less than six candidates in the field — W.
H. Wocdbridge of Stockton, James Ash
man of Los Angeles, John A. Foster of
San Francisco, George Jcssen. W. E. Du
bois of San Francisco and Louis Moore of
Redding. At this time it Is difficult to say
which has the best chance of election.
The friends of Louis Moore are working
hard in the interest of their candidate, as
it Is a matter of sectional pride to have
Northern California represented among
the grand officers.
Nothing further than organization was
effected at the morning session of the en
campment. In the afternoon the encamp
ment convened in secret session. At 4
o'clock a military council was called at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
There were not many arrivals of dele
gates to-day. Four hundred are already
here. Of these 250 are officers and mem
bers of the Grand Encampment, the rest
being members of the subordinate lodges.
Ample provisions have been made for the
accommodation of all Odd Fellows who
may come to town, but other visitors are
not so fortunate. The accommodations
are here, but in the absence of commit
tees to look after strangers they iind it
difficult to find lodgings. The cantons and
drill corps that have arrived' and are
either encamped or have quarters in the
town are as follows:
Canton No. 15 of Stockton, Captain Wil
liam Bruce, 21 members.
Rebokah Drill Corps No. 1 of Stockton,
Captain Emma Lambert, 21 members.
Canton No. 11 of Oakland, Captain C. H.
Cole. 3) members.
Canton No. 5 of San Francisco, Captain
C H. Cornbeck, 38 members.
Rnbekah Drill Corps No 2 cf San Fmn
cisco. Captain AUie Parker. 21 members.
Cantcn No. 9 of San Jose, Captain F.
Barthel, 7 members
A large numbtr of delegates spent the
dav In driving to various points of inter
est. The Sar. Francisco Patriarchs Mili
tant band serenaded the town.
On Thursday the drill corps contests
¦will take place. On Friday all the dole
gates will have a much coveted oppor
tunity to visit the great copper smelting
plant of the Mountain Copjper Company
at Keswick. six milts from Redding. Gen
eral Manager Lewis T. Wright of the
copper company has placed a special train
at the disposal of the delegates for a ride
over the picturesque Iron Mountain Rail
way, connecting the smelter with the
mine twelve miles distant.
To-night a public reception was ten
dered the delegates at Armory Hall. Mu
sic by the band and speechmakin? were
the order of the evening. A ball will he
given In honor of the guests on Thursday
evening.
Among the incidents of the terrible
calamity the heroism of two of the ladv
passengers stands out conppicuousiv.
r?"th are of French nationality. Mme. <i*.
Camilla, the late editor of tr<* Indepen
dence Tonkiroisr, who was en her way
to North China. ?Hzo«l Mrs. Krell's infant
child and thr^w herself overboard. It Is
to bo regretted that her gallant act re-
Fluted in death, lime. ! Dechanel tooK
charge of Mrs. K roll's second child, a girl
rf 6 years, and swam for some time be
fore 'they were rescued. Mrs. Krell.
w»i*>n picked up. was found clinging to
wreckage from the Fhip.
The list of the drowned contains the fol
lowing namos: .Mrs. Mack. Mrs. Davld-
F<m. Mrs. de Camille. Mrs. Naumoff. Mrs.
ZaborofdCF. Mrs. Vaviioff and Mrs. Ro-
Pt-n it~al. and Messrs. Richardson, Oev«?
cours. Saborofsky, Ctiermy, ShestapalofC
an<i Hr-rkstein.
\\ hen UK crash occurred the foreigners
¦were at dinner in ihe saloon of the Co
lando. 7 hey rushed on deck and went
lorward. but the captain drove them back.
Th' n tlMTC was a rending sound and the
vr-sfel t»-gan to GIL The third engineer
and a dw.K passenger jumped into a boat
which had been lowered and twelve Jap
an* so and seven Chinese got in aiid
pL.s-!ieci off the boat. This boat was after
ward picked up by a fishing boat and
taken to Nagasaki. Of the oiner.« aboard
the Colando twenty-two were picked up
by the boats of the Ise Maru. but tnirty
three were lost.
The collision occurred at night on Sep
tember 30 off the- harbor of Nagasaki. The
Colando was making for the Iwoshima
lieh: and blowing her siren, which was
answered by the Ise Maru. The vessels
mistook one another's signals, and the
captain of the Ise Maru says the Colando
etteirpfM to cross his bows. The Japa
r.'ttr captain then ordered his engines re
rersed; but the I*e Maru had on too much
heaawy.y and struck the colando as the
latter came across her bows from port
to fctarfcoard.
VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 16.— Full details
Of th^ Ftiikini? of the Norwegian steam
ship C'.laudo in the harbor of Nagasaki
were brought to-day by the Empress of
India from U.e Orient. On the day prior
to the sailing of the Empress the Japa
ns*- ftoamship Ise Maru arrived at Naga
saki with the survivors of the Colando,
wrfcScb was a new vessel of SS9 tons, mak
ing her third trip from Vladivostok to
Japanese ports. The Ise Maru had col
lided with ami sunk the Colando off
Iwoshisxa and thirty-three of those on
board were drowned. Of these five were
Americans and ninttven in all were for
eigners.
Fl—<?ial Dispatch to The Call
Norwegian Steamship At
tempted to Cross
His Bows.
— »
Captain of the Ise Maru Claims the
FATAL MISTAKING OF SIGNALS-;
Victims oi. Nagasaki Harbor
Disaster Include Five
Americans.
THIRTY-THREE
LIVES LOST ON
THE COLANDO
'ine Chinese pay $25 each, or only $10
apiece If the party is a large one, while
the Japanese are given a map and the di
rection of the sun at noon for the modest j
sum of Jo. The Japanese are usually j
strung out In a long line, sometimes a
quarter of a mile from one another, and
each shows the succeeding tine the trail
by marking the tre^s on either side of the |
path. Thus they get throuf?h,»-and if one
Happens to be captured the others have
time to get away. It takes three days to
make the trip, traveling at night and
sleeping in the daytime.
It was reported this morning from
Stevrston that three Chinese were
drowned two nights ago near the boun
dary line at Point Roberts. A revenue
launch on patrol nearly ran down their
craft-, which had been watched for some
tim<\ When the Chinese saw that they
could not get away they pulled the plugs,
In the bottom of the boat and threw
themselves overboard. About $1209 worth
of opium was found stowed In the sink
ing craft.
All of the Chinese who illegally cross
the boundary carry from five to. ten
pounds of opium. There are several opium
factories In j Vancouver, and the poppy
product Is smuggled In small boats j
around to Blalne and VVhatfom.
The real trouble lies, according to the
custom* officers who were Interviewed to
day. » n the laxity of the immigration laws
of Canada. The Orientals know they can
not land directly in the States and they
come through Canada simply to find the
easiest route to the desired point in the
States. Canadian laws are complained of
es being lax Jn other particulars, for no
punishment can be Inflicted upon the
guides, who live on this side of the line
ar.d who take good care 'never to be
caught in thf> United States. •
VANCOUVER. Oct. 16. -Three hundred
and fifty Chinese, fifty Japanese and
thousands of dollars' worth of opulm
have been smuggled from Canada into
the United States on an average each
month for nearly a year, according to dis
coveries made to-day by the American
agents of the Immigration Department at
the boundary line. The smugKllng has
been carried on despite the utmost vigil
ance of the officials, but so extensive Is
the open boundary line that a thorough
scrutiny is impossible. American officials
recently redoubled their, efforts to arrest
smugglers and smuggled Orientals. Dur
ing the past month 2<k» have been captured
while endeavoring to cross the boundary,
but it was only during the last few days
that the extent of the system was ascer
tained. Now every effort is being made to
cope with it.
R. G. Tatlow, member of Parliament
for Vancouver, obtained the first clew to
the illegal operations at the boundary.
The details he gave have blen Investi
gated and are found by the American of
ficials to be practically correct. Most of
the Chinese are taken through in parties
of fronj ten to twenty. There are in all a
score of roads and trails across and
»round Mount Baker^ between Chilliwack
and Whateom. Only six are watched,
and even these are insufficiently guarded.
So nicely has the underground railroad
system been worked that well drawn
maps, containing plans of all trails and
roads are supplied to men going across
tne line, so that there is no possibility of
their losing their way. The guarded roaas
are marked and the secret paths are out
lined, so that fully two-thirds of the t»o0
or 700 Japanese and Chinese who try to
get through each month are successful in
their endeavors. While the Chinese are
taken through in large parties under the
personal supervision of Canadian guides,
the Japanese are usually sent through by
American Immigration Officials Tak
ing Steps to Cope With a Ring
Operating in (British
Columbia.
»
£j>ecia.I Dispatch to The Call
ENTER BY MOUNT BAKER TRAILS
Hordes of Coolies Crossing
From Canada to This
Country.
MONGOLIANS
SMUGGLED IN
BY HUNDREDS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct
16 -Dr. Edward A. Robs, head ol
the department of sociology ai
Stanford University. Is the recip
ient of a high honor. He received
tverd to-day from Paris that the Insti-
SAX JOSK. Oct. 16.— Seven Jurors have been
sworn for the trial of "Jack" Ortega. charce<l
with arsault on little Gracie Gamble. Th<»
taking: of testimony probably will begin to
morrow afternoon.
rnOFESSOR EDWARD A. ROSS
OF STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
(Photo by Thors.)
SEATTLE. Oct. 1G. — The steamer Hum
boldt arrived to-day from Skajruay, bring
ing $700,000 in Klondike gold and 200 pas
sengers, including a number of prominent
mining operators. Of the gold the Cana
dian Bank owned a consignment of $3C6,-
the Humboldt.
Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars on
BRINGS KLONDIKE GOLD.
SEATTLE. Oct 16.— Kadlak. the Island
port off the coast of Alaska, was shaken
by a series of temblors on October 3, the
shocks occurring at intervals for six
hours. Much damage was done, but no
lives were lost a» far as could be ascer
tained at that time.
The first shock occurred at 2:15 o'clock
in the morning and lasted three minutes.
It was severe, breaking windows and
causing chimneys to overturn. At the
various stores and warehouses in Kadlak
and adjoining towns much damage was
done to crockery and glassware. The
Alaska Commercial Company lost $200
worth of drugs. The North American
Company at Wood Island suffered dam
age to breakable goods. Its big whart at
that place was also destroyed.
Great excitement prevailed throughout
the various communities. People ran from
their houses, crying and praying, and
eould not be pacified. The natives, espe
cially, were terrified, thinking the last
day had come. In all twenty-seven dis
tinct shocks were felt within six hours
and the earth was in an almost constant
tremor during the entire time. The vi
brations were from east to west and were
accompanied by a low, rumbling noise.
SEATTLE. Oct. 16.— Advices from Daw
son state that the steamers Just In from
St. Michael bring word that the United
Sta,tes telegraph system in the Yukon will
be completed from Nome to Tanana by
Christmas. The line from Dawson north
ward to Eagle, on the American side, will
be concluded a month hence. Dawson and
the outside world will be connected with
in two months. By Christmas the stretch
between Eagle and Tanana alone will re
main to be built to connect Nome with the
world at large. That stretch is 800 miles
long.
Within Two Months.
TELEGRAPH LINE TO DAWSON.
System Will Bs in Working Order
292 85. sent to the local assay office. J. E3.
McAlpin has JSO.ono and the remairiBer 13
distributed among a number of passen
gers.
The Humboldt's passengers report that
on Thirty-mile River early In October
Benjamin. Stone of Victoria, mate of the
river steamer Clifford Sifton. fell over
board and was drowned. The body was
recovered. All upper river steamers on
the Yukon have gone to winter quarters
except the Bailey. Sifton. Orca and Zea
landia. These intended. If possible, to
make another round trip between White
Horse and Dawson before the close of
navigation. , Large quantities of ice are
already floating In the river.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Seismic Disturbance Almost Continuous for
Six H6urs Does Great Damage.
SERIES OF TEMBLORS
JAR KADIAK ISLAND
tut . International de Sociologie had
elected him an associate member at Its
annual congress. Considering 1 the fact
that there are only five other members of
this society in the United States and that
only two of these are teachers of sociol
ogy. It will be seen that Dr. Ross' selec
tion is a marked distinction. . It comes
as a surprise to Dr. Ross, as It was both
unexpected and unsolicited. Said he to
dav:
'*l was very much surprised to hear of
my selection as a member of this dis
tinguished society. Though I have writ
ten some on*sociological subjects. I hard
ly considered my contributions more than
articles and did not know that they had
attracted any notice abroad. The subject
of sociology has Interested me very much
and I had hoped to make a more sub
stantial contribution to the science at
some future time. However, my election
to membership will hardly deter me from
this resolution."
Dr. Ross, who has also attained a na
tional reputation as an economist. Is yet
a young man. He graduated from Coe
College. Indiana, in 18*6, and took his
doctor's degree from Johns Hopkins Uni
versity five years later. He'wis called to
his present position as head of the depart
ment of economics and sociology by Presi
dent Jordan in 1S93.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
He Gains Fame as a
Writeron Economic
Subjects.
STANFORD PROFESSOR
GIVEN A HIGH HONOR
Dr. Ross Elected a Member of the Institut
International de Sociologie. •
.;- j. »
News of His Good
Fortune Comes as ,
a Surprise.
THE SAJS FKANCISCO CAX.L, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1900.
Evidence Was Not Sufficient to Prove That Eseurial Was
Unfairly Ridden,
JOCKEY REIFFS LICENSE
WILL NOT BE WITHDRAWN
LONDON, Oct. 16. — After a searching- Inquiry into the running 1 of the American horse Escurlal at Newmarket, October
-11, the stewards of the Jockey Club have completely exonerated from all blame the owner, J. A. Drake, and Trainer
Wishara.
Suspicion had been cast on Lester Relff. the jockey, owing to Escurlal losing, though he had been confidently ex
pected to win. The stewards say that although they are not altogether satisfied, they do not consider the evidence
sufficient to prove the horse was pulled or to justify the withdrawal of Reiff's license.
NO JOCKEYS ON THE ENGLISH TURF HAVE MADE BETTER RECORDS. THIS YEAR THAN THE REIFFS.
UP TILL SEPTEMBER 14. OUT OF 3S6 MOUNTS LESTER REIFF HAD 105 WINS, AND JOHNXY, OUT OF
391 MOUNTS RODE 88 WINNERS. THE ABOVE PHOTOS WERE TAKEN RECENTLY IN LONDON.
3
GRAPE-NUTS.
THE CAUSE OF SICKNESS
I? very generally traceable to improper
or non-nourishinff food. You employ a
food expert when you u?e Grape-Nuts.
for this delicious food is a product of
long experimenting and experience in
what the human body needs. It is pre-
sented in a form that charms the palate,
can be digested by babes or adultsand
wins them a3.
Made by the Postum Co.. Battle
Creek, Mich.;
c®cccoeeo«®cs»o«e«OGQ
cc# »
«• You Expect «
CO 0
gg Strength •
QO From FOOD %
GO . ry . ©
I 6rape=Nuts |
CO Sold* by £roc rs q!
The Union Label
i
The union label in J^^^^WW W
of our suits and over- >^|li^|i{l'li Wra W
coats proclaims the j^iHf I||H1|
workmanship as the
best in America and plllll'l \sl Mil f
practically guarantees wffl^^
suit is so well made, |ra|i^
i?wSoy™fcom- lpS L fe|i«^
longer than any other
we have " ever seen. M^TOiw
For one year we have V V *v
been working and studying to make a good ser-
viceable suit for
We now consider that we have it.
Overcoats
Whole Iind of union-made ready-to-wear over-
coats in fashionable weaves for fall, also at
$10.00
We are wholesale manufacturers, employ union
labor and guarantee our clothing.
Boys' Suits •
Wnile our second flobr, which is devoted to
boys' clothing, hats and furnishings, is an attractive
place, because of the spacious salesroom, the cozy
reception-room, the flood of light, the general con-
venience and so forth, the most interesting features
to mothers are the values we <zive. ;¦• 'r.\
B*>ys* suits, ages 8 to 16, double-breasted coat
and knes pants; stripes, checks and plaids in new
fall mix ures of all-wool goods, our manufacture.
Price to'ycu the same as retailers have to pay —
$3,50 a suit
( )
Boys' Vestee 5uits
Ages 3 o 8 years double-breasted vests, some
fancy, some not. separable shield, to be worn or not,
as it pleases you; knee pants, strongly made —
, *2.00 a suit
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street.Cameras and Photographic Supplies.
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing and developing
done in the latest styles. Sanborn, Vafl
&. Co.. 741 Market street. •
Convict Ward Found to Be Serving
Two Terms That Run
Concurrently.
PAN RAFAEL, Oct. 16.— R. XV. Ward
was to-day ordered released from San
Quentin prison by Superior Judge Angel
lottl. Ward was serving two terms of
four yearn each from Fresno County for
grand larceny. He had served four years
and one month, and petitioned the court
for a writ of habeas corpus, claiming
that the two sentences ran concurrently.
After hearing the arguments,. Judge
Angellottl ordered the man released from
custody.
Jesus Garcia, another convict who had
hopes of tripping the path of freedom by
the habeas corpus route, had his hope.«
blasted. Garcia came from Monterey
County and claimed to be serving two
sentences. The novel points raised in hla
case doubtless will be taken to the Su
preme Court.
»
Woman Physician for Napa Asylum.
NAPA. Oct. 16.— The Napa Board of
State Hospital Managers last Saturday
confirmed the appointment of Dr. Myrtle
A. Alpin of San Francisco as fourth as
sistant physician at the Napa Institution.
This appointment installs a woman phy
sician there. >
ORDERED RELEASED
FROM SAN QTTENTIN
Drink "Rainier," only beer on Pacific
Coast that received a medal at Paris Ex
sositlon; awarded for Durity and Quality.*
Brooklyn Wins on Errors,
PITTSBURG, Oct. 16.— Pittsburgr put up a
miserable exhibition of ball' playing In the sec
ond day's gram© for the world's championship
and presented the game to Brooklyn, on errors.
Outside of the errors there were no. special fea
tures and the same lacked Interest. The at
tendance, 18O0, was kept down by the cold
weather. Score: .'j ; • '
1 it tSDtirg .................... ........ 2 ' • 4 * - 6
Brooklyn 4 7^-0
Batteries— Leever and O'Connor; KItson and
Farrell. Umpires — Swart-wood and Hurst.
SEATTIiE. Oct. IB. — A str«^tcar collision
occurred early this morning on the line
between Seattle and Renton. A passenger
car met a freight car bound to the city
on a. long open stretch of road. Both
were going at good ppeHl. Thirteen per
sons on the passenger car and ono on the
freight car were more or less Injured. A
heavy fog enveloped the valley at tho
time. The injured are:
Major \V. V. Rlnehart. president of the
City Council, severely shaken and bruised
from being thrown through the rear win
dow.
Leander Miller, ex-president of the City
Council, right arm bruised and wrenched.
Alfred Almqulst. motorman of the pas
senger car, bruised; not seriously.
R. J. Rhodes, conductor of the pas
senger car. cut and bruised.
F. Abrahams Dunlap, injured internally,
bruised and shaken; serious.
Mrs. C. Wilson, internal injuries; seri
ous.
S. G. Espy, Sunnyside, badly cut and
bruised.
H. \V. SCott, superintendent of the
Cedar River water system, severely
bruised.
Miss Belle Wade, badly bruised and
shocked. .
George Baskett, cut about the body and
leg- dislocated.
Merton Groat, conductor of the freight
car, perious internal Injuries; left shoulder
dislocated and knee split.
Thomas Chambers, serious Internal in
juries.
Milton R. Roy, badly shaken and hands
cut.
David Simpson, aged 12, bruised.
O. F. O'Brien, face badly cut.
Thirteen Persons More or Less Seri
ously Injured on a Line in
the Suburbs of
Seattle.
STREETCARS CRASH
TOGETHER IN A FOG
»¦ .-;
Wreck in Idaho.
POCATBLLO, _Idaho._Oct. lG.-^he^re
gon "Short Line's" fast maU'was wrecked
at Topaz, thirty miles east of here, this
afternoon by running Into the rear end
of a freight train, standing on the main
line. The. engine of the passenger train
rolled down the embankment and Engi
neer Beckman and Fireman George were
badly Injured. An unknown tramp was
killed and another had his les crushed.
Stanford Seniors Beaten in a Close
Football Game.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct.' 16.-
The second of the series of Interclass
games played between the seniors and
Juniors to-day went to the latter team by
a score of 5 to 0. Aside from a few long
runs by Frissele and Cowden for the
Juniors and the line-bucking of Boren the
game was devoid of sensational' features.
So evenly matched were the teams that
no score had. been made at the regular
time for closing the second half. The
players decided to play oft the tie. It
took the Juniors Just twenty minutes to
put the ball over their opponents' last
line and win the game. .
' Coach Yost refused to allow the fresh
men to meet the sophomores and settle
their tie game played yesterday till after
the freshmen intercollegiate match.
VICTORY FOR THE JUNIORS.
Disease and Hunger Fast Destroy
ing the Aleutian Island
Natives.
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. lG.-The
United States revenue cutter Rush ar
rived to-day from an eventful cruise in
Bering Sea and is the first of the fleet to
return. During her cruise she steamed
about 1500 miles and rendered assistance
to eighteen vessels In distress along the
Alaskan coast, besides doing patrol -£uty
in the interest of sealing.
Captain dishing reports finding the na
tives in a wretched condition, suffering
from hunger and disease.
! The Rush was engaged in taking the
census of the islands, and on Attu found
only seventy-three persons, including
men, women and children. 'On Atka Isl
and, the largest of the Aleutian group,
137 remain of a once numerous tribe, and
since leaving that island twenty-seven
deaths were reported to Captain Cushlng.
At the present rate of decrease Captain
Cushing predicts that the natives on the
Aleutian Islands will soon become ex
tinct.
NORTHERN TRIBES SOON
WILL BECOME EXTINCT
Judpp McDonald was permitted to spend
the night at home. The preliminary ex
amination will occur to-morrow.
There are other sensational charges in
the affidavits. One is that Judge Mc-
Donald forced Mrs. Keech to pay him
more than $300 for a pardon he (McDon
ald) obtained from Governor Rogers for
W. Keech.
For nearly two years McDonald and
Nessly have been enemies, and the recent
trial and acquittal of Nessly on a heinous
charge. Judge McDonald being the appa
rent prosecutor, added fuel to the flames.
Kessly in his aflidavits charges that Judge
McDonald sent M. T. Coffman to Ross
land to pet a man convicted in Spokane
County of horse stealing to return to Col
fax and bea.r false witness against Nessly.
He also charges that H. P. Harrington,
once under arrest on a charge of robbing
a bank, w5is approached by Judge Mc-
Donald and offered liberty If he would
testify against Nos^ly. Nessly avers that
both Harrington and this Rossland man
absdlutelv refused.
SPOKANE. Oct. 16.— Judpe William Mc-
Donald of the Superior Court of Whitman
County was arrested to-day at the ranch
of Miles T. Hooper, near Johnson, on a
charge of subornation of perjury. The
complaining witness Is J. E. Nessly of
Colfax, a newspaper correspondent.
Among the witnesses subpenaed are Gov
ernor Rogers and Editor I>urham of the
Si>okes=man-Revlew.
NEW YORK. Oct. 18.— As If to offset
the run of five winning favorites yester
day one only was first past the judges
at Morris Park to-day. King Barleycorn
won for the first choice players In the
fifth race, but the others went down ono
after another. Two stakes were decided
—the Silver Brook, for two-year-olds, at
five and a half furlongs, and the Dixiana,
for three-year-olds, at one mile. Temple
ton, -at 6 to 1, won the first named rid
den out. Gonfalon took the Dixiana, but
Killashandra the favorite, was pounds
the best and should have won easily.
Turner rode a very bad race, so much so
that it was said It wouid be Investigated.
Only three horses started, but he took
the mare the overland route and messed
her badly In the stretch, and then was
only beaten by a neck. Results:
Seven furlones, sellinK— Rlnaldo won, Olea
second. Fatalist third. Time, 1:31%.
Six furlongs, Belling— Infhot won, Talcose
second. Uilllonalre third. Time. 1:11*4-
The Silver Brook, flve and a half furlongs.
sellinK— Templeton won. Lief Prince second.
Maxinius third. Time, 1:05%.
The Dixiana, one mile— Gonfalon won, Killa
rhar.dra second. Water Cure third. Time, 1:43.
One mile — Kine liarleycorn won, Hammock
second, Herbert third. Time..l:45.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling—Prestidigi
tator won Miss Hanover second. Belle of Or
leans third. Time. 1:49^.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 16.— Results:
Six furlongs, selling — Hungarian won. Tenny
son Fecond, Kaster Card third. Time, 1:144.
One mile, soiling— Jack Atlle won, Miss Pat
ron second. Stuttgart third. Time, 1:43^-
Five and a half furlonEs. celling— Tea Gown
won. Otidenarde second. Belle of Harrlsburg
third. Time. 1:C8.
Seven furlonus— Felix Bard worn Bohul sec
ond. Captain Cialnes third. Time, 1:2S^.
Fiv<» and a hnlf furlongs— Curd Glllock won.
Kitchener second, Elsie Barnes third. Time,
1 :0T'^.
One mile and an eighth — Llndella won. Will
Fay serond. El Ghor third. Time, l:5oV4.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 16.— Results at New
port: .
One rr.lle and seventy yards, selling — Meggs
won, Beana second, Colbert third. Time,
1:46H.
Six and a half furlongs— Donna Seay won,
Jake Webber second. The Sluggard third.
Time, 1:21V*.
Seven furlongs — Hernando ¦won. Our Lady
second. Russian third. Time,- 1:30%.
One mile and fifty yards— The Rush won,
John Halsey second. Miss Soak third. Time,
l:44>i.
One mile and a quarter, sellinc— Nettle Re-
Bent won, Amelia Strathmore second. Clay
Pointer- third. Time. 2:0Si4.
Six furlongs, selling:— Lamity won. Fairy
Dell second. Irish Jewel third. 1:15&.
CHICAGO. Oct. 16.— Not a favorite won
In the first four events at Harlem to
day, but every winner was well backed
and the bookmakers had a bad day. In
the first race Red Sigrnal, backed from lvK)
to 1 down to 50 to 1, won by three lengths.
Advance Guard and Sir KlnKston were
the winning favorites. Results:
Five furlongs. Red Signal won. Lord Lisa
second. Albert EnriKht third. Time, 1:02 2-5.»
Six furlongs — Emma P. won, Orey John eec
ond, Fausturo third. Time, 1:14 2-5.
Six furlongs— Our Lizzie won, Sim W second.
Rival Dare third. Time. 1:13 4-5.
Ore mile — All Brown won. Fancy Wood sec
ond. William Ack third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
One mile and a sixteenth — Advance Guard
won, Ohnet second, Van Hoorbeke third. Time
1:46 2-5.
One mile, selling— Sir Kingston won. Disso
lute second, Sldbow third. Time. 1:41 1-5.
Only One First Past the
Judges at Morris
Park.
FAVORITES PLAY
IN HARD LUCK
?
Superior Judge of Washing
ton State Placed Under
Arrest.
SUBORNATION
OF PERJURY
On learning of tiie success of Sardonic
in England Bob McGibben immediately
ordered Tom Calvert taken up from pas
turage. The cpldlng looked thin and not
unlike a stage setting, so Bob requested
a stall at Oakland, where there was no
noticeable draught.- lie said he did not
want the horae to blow away before his
"bad leg" had been given a trial. Sar
donic wfis onco beaten by Tom Calvert at
Tanforan. though in 4 all fairness it must
bo said Sardonic was left at the post.
Johnny Coleman, the widely known
layer of odds, was expected in town last
night from the Easetrn country.
The flrm of Ilayman & Franks, that will
snrinp its colors for the first time in
this part of the country the comlnf? sea
son, possesses some handy pieces of rac
ing bric-a-brac. Cherries and Fluke are
among the bunch. »
The Eastern game must be a ticklish
one when "Billy" Beverly could start off
$20,000 loser. He did. nevertheless, but
persevered and is now out and treading
on velvet again.
O. W. Scott, connecetd with the St.
Louis firm of Hoffman & Co., arrived here
on Monday last. Herman Hoffman will
cut in opening day at Oakland and will
also put another book on.
Up to date the San Francisco Jockey
Club has received application for 144
stalls from different owners. At Oakland
stable room is rapidly becoming scarce,
and the approaching season is on the
boom.
Another well-known Eastern owner who
will race here this winter Is "Doc" Street.
Several years ago "Doc" fell Into disfa
vor with the Kastern stewards owing to
the erratic performances of Summertime.
After a time he was returned to tho turf
and the mnre raced in California with
considerable success. In the Street stable,
besides others, aro Hungarian, Doublet
and Sister Anne. "Monk" Coburn will do
the saddle work.
Bookmaker Johnny Humphrey said
yesterday that he has about decided not
to try the Los Angeles meeting this. year.
The charge for booking there, about J200
a day. is pretty high: still the presenpe
of Anaconda, Searchlight, Bonnie Dirept
and other equine stars ought to prove
great drawing cards.
James J. Caldwell, the whlt**-halred vet
eran of the starter's box, who has been
engaged by the California Jockey Club to
dispatch tlie horses the coming Reason at
Oakland track, will wield the red flag at
the Los Angeles race meet. Mr. Caidwell
will use the recall flag at the track
across the bay, and with his almost per
fect control of the riders sl^uld score a
distinct hit.
Veteran Flag Wielder Will
Officiate at Southern
Race Meet.
CALDWELL STARTS
AT LOS ANGELES
At Yokohama the wind blew forty miles
an hour and the new Christ Church was
destroyed.
. The steamer China of the Taciflc Mail
Steamship ' Company had a very trying
time while hound from Yokohama to
Kobe. Considerable damage was done
aboard the vessel. Some of her boats
wero smashed and her rails were swept
away. The vessel shipped two heavy seas,
which placed her In serious danger for
a time.
The steamer XTrato Maru was stranded
oft Mikokujima and probably will be a
loss. The Yachijo Maru, a sailing
vessel of f*20 tons, was wrecked in Shim
izu Bay and all on board were lost. The
200-ton schooner Shintoku Maru was
wrecked off Karaura.
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct. lfi.— Tho Empress
of Japan brings news that the typhoon
at the close of September, was felt
over tho entiro Japanese group. A vast
amount of property ashore and afloat was
destroyed and there was heavy loss of life.
Hundreds of houses were blown down,
flooded or otherwise . destroyed. At
Tokio' three lives were lost. Two hundred
Namadzu fishermen were blown out to
bea and all are believed to have perished.
A number of vessels were reported
wrecked, mostly junks and small schoon
ers.
Heavy Loss of Life and
Property on the Jap
anese Coast
HUNDREDS PERISH
IN A TYPHOON
SCENE AT THE "WELCOME HOME" BREAKFAST AT THE OCCIDENTAL, HOTEL YESTERDAY GIVEN BY THE
BOARD OF LADY DIRECTORS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO POLYTECHNIC IN HONOR OF THEIR WORTHY
PRESIDENT. MRS. M. H. DE YOUNG.
Spiritualists in Session.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Oct. 18.-The
eighth annual convention of the National
Spiritualists' Association of the United
States and Canada began here to-dayt
Delegates representing thirty-five States
and the Dominion of Canada were pres
ent.
Convention of Passenger Agents.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Oct. 16.-The forty
fifth annual convention of the American
Passenger and Ticket Agents opened hero
to-day -with nearly 200 members present.
The opening session was occupied by rou
tine business. A large delegation from
the Southern Railway is booming Ashe
vllle, N. C,».for the next convention.
Freight Train on the Chicago and
Alton Railway Derailed Near
Liawndale.
CHICAGO. Oct. 18.— Two men were
killed and one fatally Injured by the de
railment of a freight train on the Chicago
and Alton at Lawndale, near here, to-day.
The dead:
CHARLES EATON, engineer.
WILSON, fireman.
Injured: B. F. Strimple. brakeman.
The victims were all residents of Bloom
lngton. 111. The wreck was caused by the
removal of a rail by a section gang mak
ing repairs. It Js said that. they failed to
post any danger signals.
TWO METT KILLED AND
ONE FATALLY INJURED
Authorities to Look Out for
Two Men.
HAVANA, Oct. 16.— The police of this
city, have cabled to the French authori
ties that September 12 two well-known
and _ suspicious characters — JImlnes Ca
pote and Feixandez Febles— sailed for
Spain on the same steamer as Mrs. Hora
tio Rubens, who was robbed of money and
Jewelry estimated at more than $20.u00 in
value. The police authorities in Spain
were also informed that a third man on
board the steamer Is also suspected of
knowing- something 1 about the-robbery. It
is believed that a plot to rob Mrs. Ru
bens was concocted In Havana, and tha:
other persons were concerned in it. The
latter are believed to be in the United
States. The Spanish authorities were ad
vised prior to the arrival of the steamer
Ciudad de Cadiz at Santander. October S>,
that it was probable an attempt at rob
bery would be made. 'but the suspected
persons were not arrested. One of the
suspects, a Cuban, was on tho same train
as Mrs. Rubens when the robbery oc
curred.
A new Cuban chief of the secret police
was appointed by Governor General
Wood yesterday.
Mrs. Horatio Rubens lived at Sherrys.
N. Y., until recently. As already cabled,
she left Havana fast month for Parts, go
ing by way of Madrid.
Police in Prance Warned by Havana
SUSPECTED OF BOBBING
MRS. HORATIO RUBENS
lngton in a happy vein. Mrs. S. S. Kahn
responded to the toast "Our New Mem
bers." Mrs. Andrew Davis took care of
"Our Absent Members." and Mrs. Martin
Regtnsburger replied to "Our Work,"
sketching in a few well chosen words the
work of the ladles of the San Francisco
Polyelinic from the date of that popular
charity's inauguration until the present
time.
Aftor i'Ag breakfast canYo the. business
meeting, at which the subject of a benefit
entertainment was discussed at length.
It was finally decided that although a
benefit should be held in the near future
no appeal should be made this year. But
when the Polycllnic benefit does come it
is bound to create a sensation. The ladies
have all sorts" of plans and a big vaude
ville show with society talent is one of
the thlnps that they are whispering about.
When the benefit does come off the pro
ceeds will be devoted to enlarging the
present home of the Polyclinic.
IT was a great day with the ladies of
the Polycllnlc yesterday and the
ladies made the best of it, combining
business and pleasure in that par
ticular way of theirs for which they
are famous.
A charming- breakfast at the Occidental
was the pleasure end of the day and
that delightful function served a three
fold purpose. First, a welcome home to
the president. Mrs. M. H. de Young; sec
ond, the celebration of the tenth anni
versary of the founding of the Polycllnio.
and third, the inauguration of the new
board 4 of lady directors.
The breakfast was a most delightful
affair. A delicious menu was served at
a round table made beautiful with pink
roses urewn with an artistic* carelessness
on the snowy white damask. Silver can
delabra, in which burned pink candles,
shaded in silver, shed a soft light over
the pretty scene. Seated at table were:
Mrs. M. H. de Young, president; Mrs. I.
Hecht. first " vice president; Mrs. T. G.
Walkington, second vice president; Miss
Adelaide Pollock, corresponding secre
tary; Mrs. Lewis Meycrstein, treasurer,
and the following directors. Mrs. J. B.
Stetson, Mrs. Harry Gray, Mrs. Andrew
M. Davis, Mrs. G. T. Davis. Mrs. L. Lil-
Us, Mrs. S. S. Kahn. Mrs. ii Elkus, Mrs.
W. D. O'Kane, Mrs. Martin Regensburger
and Mrs. Ed Rothchild.
Not the- le.ist of the deliphts of the
breakfast were the toasts offered and the
happy responses they brought forth. Mrs.
T. G. Walkington was chairman and
toastmistress and she filled the duties of
her post with tact and prace. Her ad
dress of welcome to the gue.^t of honor
was a gracious and charming little speech.
Mrs*, de Young responded to* Mrs. Walk-
To Walk the Carpet.
William O. Ob«=-rnauer. ¦who kew>ps a
cycVry at 1R02 Dovisadero street, filed
charts with the Polire Commissioners
yostr-rday apainst Policemen Isaacs and
•*il]. n. The two officers compfliHi Ober
r-.tUfr to tak^ from the sidowalk Jn front
" his ft < re a rack and h<" placed a p'acard
• •i the rack explaining why it was in the
..ind^w Instead of on the sidewalk. For
this he wtis arrf-stert on complaint of
Jpaacs for disturbing th«? peace.
Contributions of $1<XX> from the Pitisburg
Society a.nd $150d trum the American Na
tionaJ Red Cross reiuf committee or New
"1 ork were gratefully acknowledged,
t-'ince the Galveston disaster the society
has forwarded .*14uy to the sufferers, and
h:ifc leeeived a letter of gratitude and ac
knowledgment from Mayor Jom-s of that
City.
The Manila library committee reported
sending LOjOOO books to Manila and 15,000
nuiSTazmes*. The treasurer's rejiort'showed
the disbursements and receipts for the
year to be **.juaJ, both amounting to
Jll.CC 71.
The officers of the society elected at
yesterdays meeting follow: President,
\V. B. tivrincton; nrst vice presi
dent, Mrs. S. A. O'Neill, Alameda; second
vice president. Mrs. A. Elkus, Sacra
mento; third vice president, Mrs. J. S.
Abbott: secretary. Airs. L. L. Dunbar,
Belvedere; treasurer, W. E. Brown,
Crocker- Wool worth Bank; assistant j
treasurer. Mrs. M. F. McGuern, AJameda. !
Directors— Mrs. J. T. Clark, Mrs. J. F. j
Merrill. Miss M. B. Penniston of Los An- >
pries. Mrs. W. R. Smed!>erg, Mrs. A. Mar- i
guand of Berkeley. Mr*. J. L. Lemmon, j
Mrs. J. H. Harrison, Mrp. Taylor Albm. •
Advisory hoard— Mrs. M. F. McGuern, j
Charles Gardner. Mrs. H. W. Rakewrtl.
Treasurer's report— The treasurer's re- j
port of cash donations to the State asso
ciation? follows:
Anderson's AoaiSpmy. fC>: Dr. C H. Allen,
r«itcnill», »5: Irvingt^n. J'.O; A. E. Ellsworth, i
J!1 Ji>; Jackson R/»<1 Cr--?<<. *2r>: Ijakeiort and ;
I'pper l^ke- Rp.l <><>«s Society, I-' 1 ' «">: Redwood !
City Rr<i Cross. $47; Mrs. W. T. Pimmnr.s. j
«'a!lstopa. $1': :>*nta !{¦->»« Rf<i Cross $3fi SO: i
BakerFfifid. ST": Ol^ta R«vi Om*s, $1; St. lie- I
I'j-.a IS; Sonoma. %f* «5: Oakland Red Cross, j
|O»S5; :>;ii5un. $.'.0: Charles A. Fitzgerald. $1; |
J. IX Murphy, II: Ch<«tcr-Ftr<»et Methodist
Episcopal Cliurch. Oakland. $12 75; Monterey !
and Pacific Orove Ue-i Cross, t25; Vallejci Red I
<'r.*s. fUi.
The report of the secretary, Mrs. L». I*, j
I)ur.bsr, was <n many respects the most I
interesting of the day. It stated that
fince the organization of the California
TXf-S rripp liiS societies have he*>n en
rolled and of th<>se ninety-two remain in
thf organization. The work in the Philip
pines is largely reduced, as the Govern
ment is ahle now to look after the sol
diers without the assistance of the society.
The report sppak? in plowing terms of the |
brave work done by Mi«> Smythe. one of !
the first Rf-d Cross nurses to set foot in ;
Manila and nne of the last to leave. In I
tlosirg Mrs. Punhar offered her thanks to
all who had aided In the work of the so
ciety.
Preparations are hpmg made for the
publication of a history of the work of
the California sooiety. which in many re-
Fppcts has plavc-d a more important part
than any other society in the country in
military relief work. . i
The Oakland Rf>d Cross has contributed
a large share to the work and its report
thowF a gratifying interest taken. At
the last meeting the following officers
were re-elected: President. Mrs. J. S. Ab-
Tiott: first vicp president. Mrs. Henry
¦\Vetherri*** : second vice iirejsident. Mrs.
A. u. Nye: recording secretary, Mrs. Ada
H. Van Prlt; corrf-spnnfiinp spcrctary,
Mrs. J. L. I/'mmon; treasurer. Mrs. John
Bakewell; assistant treasurer. Miss Marie
Uabson.
The report contains an interesting ac
count of thf> work done in receiving sick
poldlers and assisting them to their
hom^-s.
San Jose Sf»nt nn account of the burial
with military Honors of an ex-soldier,
Harry Clinton. Fan TV.fgo presented a fa
vonble financial report. Viialia, Calls
toga. Hratrioe. San Maten. Sausalito.
Frcrn. Dixon. Downievlllp and St. Helena
all reported Favorably. Sacrammto has
571S 12 In its treasury and will cheerfully
give as needed.
The report of thp San F"ranclsro Society.
r»»a<l by Miss Anra Beaver and prepared
by Mrs. J. L. Loosely, showed that the
Bocfety hns $400 in its treasury. In the
past year thf '.oral poripty has aided ©XW
discharged soldif-rs to thoir homes. It
has Found fmi'loymer.t for ?A0 and sent 797
more t>» places where th<=y co»ii<i secure
work. Thf report showed an pxpediture of
RIJBU S2 Jind the receipts foot up $11,141 33.
Many of th» discharged soldiers of the
First California are In great
¦want and the local branch asks for funds
to aid th^ d*-S'iving cases. f
Annual Convention of the Charity
Workers Held in Philomath Hall
Demonstrates the Good Done
by State Organization.
The annual meeting of the California
State Rod Cross Society, held yesterday
in Philomath Hall. Van Ness avenue and
Bush street, was one of the most inter
esting the society has yet heM. The re
ports presented show that the charitable
work cf the organization is being taken
up with interest by branches all over the
State.
The meeting opeced with an address by
the president. Mrs. W. B. Harrington. In
reference to the reports which were to be
read Mrs. Harrington paid that the wiJrk
accomplished ana the good done could
not be reduced to figures or facts, as
many little nameless, unremembered acts
of kindness which never lind their way
into the reports were daily being per
lormed by members of the society. The
s-ptraker called on the society to band to
fcoicer in active work. Oooa as had been
mat iieconii>i.i»ue<i in tne pusi. iise spoaiier
locked for oetter eliil In the iuiure. Tne
ut-rna::cs <•>» tt*e society axe not now as
tlearVy as* during uiv war, but Mrs. Har
rington stated Ihe necessity ot oemg in
reaiiiuess ti>r an vnn:im.-u^j , citing the
oaiveston jsv>eiety as a. case in point. In
tonciusiun Mr^. Harrington extended the
thanks of tne kdciety to tfie ruuroad eom
i -i.-.it .- and tile press, which, she said, had
uone much to ...a the efforts of the relief
Reports From Delegates the
btate Over Shows Much
Earnest Work.
ONE BUSY YEAR
FOR THE REd
CROSS SOCIETY
His wlf3, who was Lucille Blackburn,
had a narrow escape from death by a
pistol wound about three years ago. Mrs.
Lane kept a loaded revolver in her bureau
drawer and one night she was found in
her room with a bullet wound in her
breast. It was explained by the family
that in taking some laces from the drawer
the pistol had been lifted up and falling
on the hammer exploded. She lingered
between life and death for some time..but
ultimately recovered. The shock of last
night's tragedy completely prostrated her
and she Is now under the constant care
of a physician.
Senator Blackburn was In Hagerstown.
Md., last night wlien the news of the sui
cide roached him. He had been on a cam
paign tour of the State. .He left as soon
as possible -for Washington, and it Is
likely that the occurrence will force him
to abandon any further active work In
the campaign.
Mr. Lane was the American representa
tive of the London firm of Vickers' Sons
& Maxim. It is said that he. was driven
to the act by brooding over his ill health.
He was told some time ago that he had
Bright's disease and he allowed the mat
ter to prey on his mind.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— Thomas F.
Lancgon-in-law of ex-Senator Blackburn,
committed suicide at his home here List
night. Mr. Lane entered the house about
11 p. m. and shot himself in the presence
of his little daughter, while his wife was
resting on a*couch In an adjoining room-
Death was almost instantaneous.
Deceased Was the Son-in-Law of Sen
• ator Blackburn and Had Long
Be«n Brooding Over His
Ill-Health.
Shoots Himself in the Pres
ence of His Little
Daughter.
THOMAS F. LINE
ENDS HIS LIFE
DRAMATICALLY
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1900.
/Arrangements Mac
for Big Benefit Per
formance irv the
J^lear Future.
Ladies SKoW Qrace
and Jact ir\ Reply
ing Briefly to the
Toasts.
Breakfast Is /\Iso Made the Occasion of a Jer\tK /\r\r\iv>ersary Gele
i bratior\ ar\d Ir\a\jguratior\ of NeW Board.
LADY DIRECTORS OF POLYCLIN1C
" WELCOME HOME " THEIR PRESIDENT
4
ZJ3Vi:BTI3EM.EKTS.
The result is shown in
WHITE COTTOLENE, odor-
less, neutral.
"It looks good enough to
eat,*' and its looks don't
ft^~»*5!l The N.K.Fairbank Company,
({[_ MjMijjj Chle»iro— Sole Manufacturers.
\K5^"^5* 'FREE ! Oor °" lnt r bonklet.
KK v&»S§m n3k1 '*^ 1 flve to aT) y »<i<irfR!>. Kor
aga?**£Taji! oncSc rump we will n-nd trreout
ie^28n?»8eF*l ' IS1 P"£* rertp* book. "Home
HelTs,' 1 edited by Mra. Korer.
CIn most cases they overheated
it — burned it.)
It was not an objectionable
odor like that from boiKng" cab-
bage, but
// -jzjs a iutjd one
And so we decided to do away
with the odor entirely.
COTTOLEXE.
Some women objected to the
faint odor which came from the
old yellow
DilUOni-iO ••!•*. bootblacks. !,„.,.
houses, billiard tabl-s.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makera, cannery*
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCnA>AN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
Hunters' Equipments,
8 ¦S HVAutt Fishins Tackle, Athlet-
l-B H Bv5 ' c < -"°°d3, etc. Bedrueit
a H K y E VJ WlM I>rlCes - Send for Cat-
SHREVE. 739 Market 9t".
Makes weak men and women •tron? and atronz
men and woratn stronger. Room; i and 6 17
Post >t.. San Francisco. Cal.
Dr. Bennetts Electric Belt
ADVEBTisEMSNTB.
ARE QUICK TO SEE.
Good Doctors Are Quick to See and
Appreciate Heal Merit in New
Hedicines.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a discov-
ery of great value to the medical profes- j
sion and the public. They are an unfall- 1
Ing specific In all cases of dyspepsia and j
disordered digestion.
Almost everybody's digestion Is dis- j
ordered more or less, and the commonest !
thing they do for Jt Is to take some one !
of the many so-called blood purifiers, I
which in many cases are merely stronp j
cathartics. Such things are not needed. '
If the organs are In a clogged condition, j
they need only a little help and they will
right themselves. I Cathartics irritate the j
sensitive linings of the stomach and !
bowels and often do more harm than )
good.
Purging Is not what Is needed. The I
thing to do is to put the food In con- i
dition to be readily digested and assiml- ;
lated. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet3 do
this perfectly. They partly digest what !
is eaten and give the stomach just the ¦
help it needs. They stimulate the secre-
tion and excretion of the digestive fluids I
and relieve the congested condition of the |
glands and membranes. They put the i
•whole digestive, system in condition to do j
Its work. When that Is done you need '
take no more tablets, unless you eat what '
does not agree with you. Then take one '
or two tablets^-give them needed help and
you will have no trouble.
It's a common-sense medicine and a com-
mon-sense treatment and it will cure
every time. Not only cure the disease,
but cure the cause. Goes about it in a
perfectly sensible and scientific way.
We"have testimonials enough to fill a
book, but we don't publish many of them
However—
Mrs. E. M. Faith of Byrds Crpek Wls
says: I have taken all the Tablets I go't
of you and they have done their work well
In my case, for I feel like a different person
altogether. I don't doubt If I had not got
them I should have been at rest bv this
time.
H. E. "Wlllard. Onslow. Iowa, says- Mr
White of Canton was telling me of your
Dyspepsia Tablets curing him of dvspep-
sla, from which he had suffered for eight
years. As I am a sufferer myself. 1 wNh
you to send me a package by return man
Phil Brooks, Detroit. Mich., says- Your
dyspepsia cure has worked wonders In my
case. I suffered for years from dyspepsia
but am now entirely cured and enjoy life
as I never have before. I gladly recom-
mend them.
It will cost 50 cents to find out just how
much Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
help you. Try them— that's the best way
to decide. . *
All druggists sell them. A little book
on stomach diseases will be mailed free
by addressing F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall
Mich.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE UAMU.NA BITTERS. TUB
great Mexican remedy; eiv»s health ana
•trength to sexual organs. Deput. 323 Market.
Glet-t, Spermato, rha a,
in 1 toS'Uf* \J Whites, unnatural •li>
C*&3 r,n»r»atec<i \J charges, <>r any inf-fnma-
fjhM»J| not to itriotar-. tion. irritation or alcera-
¦"-3 t'KTenia contagion. tion %*f m n c o u * m.-m-
E?7»VhsEv»NSChEM£>!_C2; br3ne * < - Non-a*trin*ent.
Sold by nrneclito,
C S A 5v»i or " lnt in f !ain wrapper,
JV£K3s^ lJV>\ 'I'? "prPH*. rr»p;ii.l. for
v'fiG!s« p o o n *'¦""• • •«• 3 botti.-n, «-•.-¦>.
-JiP •MPy..- U Circular rent ou r«iu«^
(V\ CHICHKTCR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
fd\ &&A for CHlLIIl>TEn\S KNGLLSU
Cr^tf?!^ 10 KEI» »ni fcold metafile bo«e. .-»>*
JN 5~->W^"Jthb:u«rlM»n. T»ke no other. bSJ
T?J «J* *J\jl '»«*C«<"»"» *nb«tltntloil» an. I Imltw-
| / fjT tlon.. 11 ,j of 7 n,ir iTum.i. or .. a 1 »<•. , o
IX Fi !^?. P .W, i*? rtl 1 elI i" r "» Te«tlm«nU!a
\V* ft* »n4" Rell^r fnrL»dlr«,"r» Urter b» -«.
-A^^^A lnr» Mull. 1 0.O«n» Ti-uimoniaU. siihj
fen-.too Uii» pacer Uadtooa ~u — rv. Fil uLa" J\i7
iaa^ FAVORITE
M FORWEAHWOMEM.
visr* OR JORDAN'S orcat^
MUSEUM OF flaaTOBY*
Ch i::i KA2SX7 ST. te aura, 3./.ca. i
fcj> The Largest Anatomical Mu*ran ia the \
- M ~J\ , V.'oiij. V. e^itiie' .<#» or my contracted 4
/£» Hi Speoaiiitcu Uk. Coast Est-jfiyear* *S|
AiOTl QS. JORDAN-PRIVATE OiSEASEStf
JftTSffen to.nultjtion itm and stnVtl* private \
i ief&L *1 Tr» itmeni personally or bv ler:?r. A A
M 3" Si If *•••<••• Otr«ui erery casa undertaken. \
r 7 tl«> Wme hr Book. POlLOSOrav 1 1 A
If !»" .4*11111^1.1-., MA1LSO F*38. tAW
Q fp valuable book (cr mra) \
OB. JonnAX A to. lMl Market &.. a F. f
"Patients may deposit the price of a
cure in any San Francisco bank, to re-
main there till they are well, or may pay
in monthly installments. Our prices aro
reasonable alike to rich and poor."
Dr. Meyers & Co, TO?
In answer to a reporter's Inquiry yester-
day Dr. Movers & Co.'s manager made
the following statement:
"We owe our remarkable success chierly
•to our remedies and methods. These em-
bot-y the most Important discovers.*
j which have been made by physicians and
i scientists in both the old and new worUIs.
I from the dawn of light on tho dark agt»
' down to the present time.
; '•The specialists of our institution do not
cast away an old remedy which has been,
used successfully in curing am! restoring
men. simply because it is not modern.
They are. however, on the aiert for new
| discoveries ard turn such to practical use
j as soon as proved to be t of value.
"Men seekin? health and strength,
j should not be misled by so-called new
discoveries which are so frequently ad-
vertlstd, and which are usually as worth-
less as free trial treatments. Eastern
quacks, electric belts and similar swindles.
A cure-all that is new, just discovered.
etc., cannot be anything but an experl-
] ment. Years are required to thoroughly
! test a cure or a restorative.
"The great majority of the many thou-
I sands of men we have cured owe their
I health and strength to the remedies an.l
appliances which have never . failed us
during the past 20 years. In addition to
these important aids, we have ample cap-
ital to equip and maintain our large in-
Btltution. AVe do not consider expenses
i when buying medicines, appliances, etc.
! The best that wise judgment can select
' and that money can purchase. In Europe
I or America, have been secured and ard
added to from time to time.
"Our physicians are all regular gradu-
! ates from the best medical colleges in tha
land. They have had many years' experi-
ence In hospitals, in general practice and
as specialists. We do not send our pa-
tients to high priced drug stores wherq
their prescriptions may be carelessly
filled, but we supply all medicines neces-
sary to effect a cure from our own pri-
vate laboratories, FREE OF COST. This
department is under tho direct supervision
of competent pharmacists.
"The two surgeons of our institution,
perform operations when absolutely neces-
sary, but we avoid the use of the knife
as much as possible. Among other ail-
ments, we cure lost manhood, wasting
drains, unnatural losses. *-tc. private dis-
eases. Including contagious blood polscns.
also va'ricocple. hydroc^le. diseases of tho
kidneys, bladder, spine, etc.
"Our home curp department has been in
successful operation since ISSX. Sufferers
who cannot come to San Francisco should
write for our private book for men. ques-
tion list, advice, etc. This little publica-
tion should be In the hands of every man.
young or old. married or single, sick or
well. All letters treated with sacred con-
fidence. No printing rn envelopes to in-
dicate name of jender.
"We are now curing men in all parts of
America and many in foreign lands. Our
offices are still at tho old location, where
we have been for so many years, 731 Mir-
ket street, San Francisco. We can be
consulted free of charge from S to 5 daily;
7 to 8 evenings; 9 to 11 Sundays. Elevator
entrance.
0
An Argument Backed by
Common Sense and
Experience.
TALK TO MEN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
9AAAA/\\vtwvvvvvvvyvvvvvvvvv\g
I A PERMANENT CURE I
> of the most otwrinate cas«i of Gonorrhcra 5
? and Gleet, rmuntrtd in from 3 to 6 C
c dayg ; nc othi r treatment required. C
% Sfll'l b» # a!l druggist*. ¦THE lost resource of Julian T. Bld
dulph Arnold in opposition to ex
tradition has been exhausted.
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Haw
ley, sitting in the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals, yesterday dis
missed the appeal made on his behalf
from the order of extradition issued by
United States District Judge de Haven.
As soon as the necessary papers shall
have been secured from the Secretary of
State, Arnold will be started to England
to face the charges of embezzlement that
have been preferred against him.
Arnold was arrested at the ferry depot
Arnold at first Intended to waive the
usual extradition proceedings and allow
liimseif to be taken at once to London
A few days after his arrest it became
known that he was tho second son of Sir
Edwin Arnold the poot. Upon that fact
being given publicity Arnold began a bit
}^»r. *& aRalnst extradition, and he has
been able to stave off his reckoning with
the British courts until the decision ren
dered yesterday against his appeal
May 23 by United States Marshal Shine
on a warrant Issued on a complaint sworn
to by British Consul Pickersgill. The
crime with which he is charged is the
embezzlement of .C37S0 of the funds of
Keighley & Co., of which he was the
sonior member.
John A. Parker of Elmhurst, Alameda
County, filed a petition in insolvency yes
terday In the United States District
Court. He owcb $40,527 6S and has $355
assets.
1 . > , -'¦-.
Insolvency Petitions.
The Smith Cash Store will again open
its doors to-day under most auspicious
circumstances and under the same man
agement as before. Last night the mem
bers of the firm paid Harvey H. Dana
the last payment for money 'loaned last
February to satisfy their creditors. Now
the firm has 6oie control.
Made Their Last Payment.
Are the shapes and finishes of our new
frames just received. Exquisite' designs
in oval, square and other odd shapes,
finished in dead black, grays and greens,
with the daintiest gold-top ornaments and
festoonlngrs, fitted complete with pold
beaded mats to match, i at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. •
The Prettiest Yet
There are no funds to be devoted to the
purchase of St. Mary's Park. That has
been settled by the opinion of the City
Attorney. Attorney Chadburne says that
an ordinance has been prepared providing
for two appropriations, of $50,000 each on
condition that all claim to the $123,000 now
tied up In the Treasurer's office is for
feited. He is confident that he will have
votes enough to carry the ordinance pro
viding that the money may be made avail
able at the end -of the fiscal year.
No Funds for St. Mary's Park.
and heroes" faces distinguish our new playlnc
cards— new series Just issued. We send them
prepaid for 23 cents, money or stamps. Backs
are red. Kreen. blue or brown, with sold
Malt-Xutrine Dept.. Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass'n. St. Louis, Mo.
Assorted Backs
The members of the Exempt Fire Com
pany last Monday evenlnar presented their
secretary, J. J. Guilfoyle, with a magnifi
cent gold badge in recognition of faithful
and continuous services rendered the com
pany for a number of years. The badsrc
bears the Inscription, "Presented to J J
Guilfoyle, Secretary, by the Exempt Fire
Company. San Francisco. Oct. 15 1900"
The presentation speech on behalf of the
company was made by Henry r>. Hudson
vice president. After the presentation a
collation was served. Among those pres
ent were: Mrs. A. J. Jessup. honorary
member, for kindnesses shown the mem
bers; Charles H. Klmball. J. W. Kentzel
George W. Kennard. "A. J. Jessup J J*
O'Donnell, Joseph S. Marshall. P h"
Fleming, August Browning and Henry A
Chase.
Presentation to J. J. Guilfoyle.
Janitor Nathan Gatz discovered the fire
in the hallway. He ran through the
building shouting to the tenants. Private
Watchman Earn Laseurus, stationed on
the block, heard him and sent in an
alarm.
Missing: Miss Horrowitz, Manuel
Strauss.
Injured: Mary Martin, back severely
burned.
Six families lived in the building, three
on each side.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Several lives
were lost in a fire early this morning in
a three-story and attic double frame tene
ment on Hester street. The dead:
MRS. FASS.
SAMUEL FASS. 13 years old.
LENA FASS. 3 years old.
MORRIS FASS. 2 years old.
WOMAN, believed to be Mrs. Lewis,
mother of Mrs. Fass.
and Others Are Hiss
ing.
LIVES LOST IN
. A TENEMENT FIRE
Five Members of One Family Perish
"The Fortrsss," One of the Hand
somest Booths, Crowded Nightly
With Pretty Girls.
Notwithstanding the inclement weather
last night the attendance at St. Brlgid's
fair was unusually large. The bazaar Is
now drawing to a close and those who
have not paid a visit must go this week if
they would not miss the opportunity of
seeing one of the prettiest fairs ever held
in this city.
Among the handsome booths at the fair
is "The Fortress," presided over by the
postgraduates of St. Urigid's Convent, ot
whom .Miss Convey Is president. She Is
asghued by Misses Enwright. Desmond,
Power, Galvln. Healy, Duffy, CooDer
Rourke, English, Curly and Brown '
In the Arctic booth two of the' able
assistants are Miss Lily Botters and Mrs
McGulgan.
SAINT BRIGID'S FAIR
DRAWING TO A CLOSE
States He Will Meet His Creditors
To-Day and Make Them an .
Offer.
The creditors of the United States
Fruit Packing Company held a meeting
yesterday afternoon in the office of T. D.
Rlordan. A sensational incident was
sprung in the early session by Sol Jacobs,
president of the company. He stated that
he had transferred about JSCOO worth of
tho stock to his brother-in-law, Morris
Levin- and that he had transferred tho
plant to his mother-in-law. This was a
knockout blow/to the creditors, who up
to yesterday were under the impression
that the shares of the company were in
tact in the hands of President Jacobs.
Some of the creditors became very in
dignant and stated that unless Jacobs
would to-day make them a proposition in
which they would realize at least some re
turns for their loss they would commence
bankruptcy proceedings.
Jacobs stated that he would see his
mother and try to offer them some sort
of. compromise, but if they would give
him s=ix months' more time that he felt
he could repay them dollar for dollar.
S. JACOBS TRANSFEBBED
STOCK TO RELATIVES
The report shows that the output of
young fish from the State hatcheries dur
ing the last two years amounted to twtn
ty-three and a half million salmon fry
and eleven million trout fry. In speaking
of tho results; reached since the commis
sion was created in 1S70 the report says:
It Is now thirty years since this commission
was established. It owes Its creation to the
Kood Judgment and foresight of a few men
who early appreciated the possibilities of flsh
propagation and fish culture in the diversified
waters of the State. They fully realized that
proper attention, protection and propagation
of the finny tribe would maintain a lasting
and everlasting supply of nutritious food to
our people, and that the Increasing settlement
of our State with the subsequent development
of our mineral and agricultural resources would
have a tendency to decrease the spawning area
of anadromous flsh and that artificial hindrance
of a natural propagation must be made and
overcome by atrtlficial or protective breeding.
They knew that so long as flsh food was cheap
and abundant the prices of their animal foods
would be lower If this substitute was at han.i.
They understood that the people In their
sovereign, capacity were the owners of all flah
in public waters and that they could not be
surrendered to private ownership and that their
preservation was a duty which devolved upou
the State.
The hopes of its founders are to be realized
each day in irreater measure. It is safe to
say that California has never known a com
mission that has rendered such good returns,
for' the small annual expenditure as has its
flsh commission. ...
Through the efforts of the board the delicious
and abundant shad and striped bass, which are
the food of the wealthy of other States, now
come cheaply to the humblest of our citizens.
If the commission In thirty years had accom
plished onthing further than the Introduction
and -propagation of these two species it has
Justified the expenditures that the State has
made In Its support, i By the efforts of this
board the salmon has been saved to this State.
The decrease of the spawning area and the
encroachments of civilization would have long
since put this "king of fishes" among the
creatures that were If the efforts of the State
had not supervened to save It. It has been
maintained in full supply and the board hopes
each year that it may be Increased to some
thing like its pristine abundance.
It may not be out of place to reiterate that
The sixteenth biennial report of the
State Board of Fish Commissioners was
forwarded to the Governor yesterday by
Chief Deputy John P. Babcock.. It is a
lengthy document and contains matter of
interest to the fisherman and also those
who never angled for the finny denizens
of the water. It reviews the work accom
plished by the commission from Septem
ber 1. 189S, to September 1, 1900. Attention
is called to the Increased, public interest
in the work of the board, which Is grati
fying to its members. Mr. Babcock states
that the supply of food fishes has been
abundant and that the run of salmon has
been slightly above the average. He also
says that the pack of salmon in 1900 was
the largest In ten years, and that the ex
port of fishery products from San Fran
cisco for 189S amounted to $2,113,763 and for
11<00 to $2,6S5,712.
The methods In use by the Chinese fish
ermen are shown to be most disastrous
and the necessity of a change in the law
is pointed out. The destruction wrought
by sealions is clearly shown and the ef
forts made by the board to reduce their
numbers are given in detail. The work of
the late game convention is reviewed and
the bill framed by it or some mere strin
gent measure is recommended. *The re
port is a lone and interesting document,
but it is not likely to see publication until
after the Legislature meets, as the print
ing appropriation of the commission Is
exhausted.
The work of the United States Fish
Commission in the State is highly cdm
mended. and the assistance rendered the
board by game associations In different
counties Is acknowledged. The present
salmon law Is advocated at length arid the
necessities which led to Its passage are
reviewed, it being shown that the repeal
or amendment of the present law would
work disastrously to the most valuable
fishery In the State.
The Commissioners In reply to the often
repeated question, "What do you do to
ward the enforcement of the laws?" pre
sent a table showing that 525 persons wrre
arrested for violation of the fun and game
laws, of which number 104 entered plea^
of guilty, St> were convicted. W) acquitted.
76 have their cases still pending and 62
were discharged. The total of lines Im
posed Is shown to be $5779. It is also shown
that $11,300 worth of illegally possessed
fish and over 2500 game birds were seized,
all of which were donated to public chari
ties.
the successful administration of this trust Is
made possible and Is In fact guaranteed by
the attention of our corps ot trained and
efficient men. For many years the salaried
officers and employes of this commiMlon have
been secure In their employment. re?ardle*a
of changing of administration and regardless
of all considerations save honesty. Industry
and efficiency.
It was announced that on November 12
the Pacific Coast Manufacturers' and Job
bers' Association will meet In this city.
The coast association Is composed of the
executive committees of all the city asso
ciations. One of its most important items
of business at the next meeting will be
the freight rate case, and how It can best
b«- made to redound to the Interests of
this coast.
The executive committee elected Is com
posed of the following: E. R. Lillenthal,
A. L. Scott. Edward Everett, J. F. Little
field. Wakefield Baker, H. D. Loveland,
Charlee F. Fay. Leon Guggrenhime,
Charles Holbrook. A. C. Bates. Charles R.
Havens and A. G. Towne.
The San Francisco Manufacturers' and
Jobbers' Association met in annual ses
sion yesterday, elected an executive com
mittee and received the reports of Its offi
cers. The report of the president was
confined mostly to a statement of the con
dition of the suit brought by the St. Louis
Business Men's League over freight rates
to San Francisco. The suit Is now pend
ing before the Railroad Commission of
this State.
Rate Case Brought by St.
Louis Merchants.
MANUFAOTTJBEBS MEET
IN ANNTJAJj SESSION
Association Interested in Freight
Biennial Report of the Fish Commissioners
Filed With Governor.
SALMON PACK IS LARGER
THAN IN PREVIOUS YEARS
JTJXJAN TREGEXNA BIDDULPH ARNOLD HAS HIS LAST HOPE OF
ESCAPING EXTRADITION DISPELLED BY THE UNITED STATES
COURT OF APPEALS. HE MUST RETURN TO LONDON.
| hlr.d Kennedy, and although they also be
; lieved ar.d tectlfied that Graney had done his
: work well during the period of his contract
, and that he Jeft the bonea tn good condition,
: th»-y diJ not like <Jra.ney and undoubtedlv the
i prejudice they had for Graney they had al?o
I for Kennedy, nnd that feellnr Influenced their
; Judgment in declarinj O'Rourke to be the low
: est bidder.
i In accordance with a writ of mandate ispued
i out of this court the beard passed a resolution
: to advertiFC fcr blfls. Thomas McGee. James
\ F. Mooney, N. Morrlwjr. Paul Friedhoffer and
I T. J. Crowley, who subsetjuently were appointed
; to shoe the department horses In their
' teverai districts, were asked to report on the
condition of tho horses resulting from the work
done by Graney, -who for ten years prior to
May 1, 1S00, had done all the work of horse-
Fhoeine in the department.
Their reports were made and were to the
effect that Graney had done hl« work badly
and charees were also mntle therein against
eome of the drivers of the department. These
reports were ordered spread upon the minutes
of the board, but neither then nor thereafter
was any investigation made as to either the
truth of the charges or the real condition of
the horses.
l"pon the trial of thl* case all the officers,
and with four or five exceptions, a driver or
other employe from every engine, chemical en-
I Bine and battery company In the city, the
"afr tower and corporation yard, save tes
timony as to the number of horses, bar shoes
and rubber pad?, and from their evidence and
other evidence- In the cape. It appears that
I Kennedy was the lowest bidder over O'ltourke
j by I(W a month.
I The conclusion which the court has reached
In this ras« Is that Kenned^ was the lowest
bidder for the work of shoeing the horses of
the Fire Department for the year from June 1,
1S0O. to June 1, 1901. That by reason of the
lack of prooer Investigation Into the subject
matter of the bids and because of a. prejudice
existing In the minds of the members of the
board ayainst the lowest bidders the bid was
awarded to the bidder O'Rourke, who wan not
the lowest bidder, and that the award of the
i contract to O'Rourke was unlawful. Plaintiff
! Is hence entitled to the relief sought and it Is
j eo ordered.
Horseshoer Kennedy's Suit Decided in His
Favor by Judge Hebbard.
Ju^pe Hebbarfl has prantri the pptitlon
of J. F. Kennedy, and the effort of the
F*ire Commission to award the contract
for thwir.c department horses to John
O'Rourke hap faik-d. An Injunction was
Issued restraining the board, which is
mposed of Rolla V. Watt. John H.
Grady. James C. MeKinstry and M. H.
Ilrcrit. for the period of one year, com
monclr.g June 1. 1?X). from awarding the
horse shoeing contract to O'Rourke or to
any ether person other than the petition
er. J. I". Kennedy.
Judjre Hobbard finds that O'Rourke's bid
wa? rot the lowest. In his opinion Judge
Htbbard says:
No difhcr.est motives however, may be at
trflrtited to ar.3 - one cf the Commissioner*. They
are vi'^ll known to thie community an<3 weil
Icnowa to ih<? court to be honest and upright
Citizens. They are not erch cunFpirators. nor
Rre they jruiity of any actual fraud in this
:-.p.:!~r. but it dr>es »pp*-ar from their own nd
mi^slons that th*y Aid not jrlve that full, care
fu!, unprejudiced attention to th»> details of
Th<? Jetf.np <f this contract which ought to have
bw.i s'.Vfn.
They flW nr>t personally examine into the
&rt:ial <vjr.<fitions existing In the department
cir.cerninp :h» t-hrvlv.e of horses: they did not
px-r«cnr.:iy visit the «ii?irie houses to Inspect
the horse*; they Old nor peeic information, ex
ofj-t in one cr two instance?, from the officers
or tnen of the department who know their
hrr**-n well ani have great affection for them.
nor did they a.*k them !*> appear at their meet
:r.c? to Rive the information which thej- could
f!vo better than all others, and none of the
¦witr.e«es who did appear were sworn.
Tbey beUer«d that Graney was the man be-
FIRE BOARD ENJOINED
FROM DOWNING GRANEY
JULIAN ARNOLD MUST FACE
CHARGE OF EMBEZZLEMENT
Appeal From Extradition Order Dismissed
in Circuit Court of Appeals.
"I am authorized by Mr. Irving, who is absent from the city, to say that the Paraffine Paint Company will donate $1000 to the Gal
veston sufferers if the S. E. Slad? Lumber Company and the San Francisco Timber Preserving Company will submit their cash and check books
for the year 1897 to a committee to be appointed by the editors of the morning papers, provided this committee be permitted to publish the items
therein contained which show the financial transactions between said companies and the then members of the Board of Harbor Commissioners, and
also any alterations and mutilations in connection with such items." — Excerpt from interview with Attorney W. B. Cope In reference to harbor front
andals.
AS the foregroing remarks clearly
indicate Attorney Frederick S.
Stratton has ptirrfd up a hor
nets" nest by his communication
to the Harbor Commissioners
In reference to the suits of the Paraffine
Faint Company and Samuel C. IrvinR
drains! the board- In this communication
Mr. Stratton took occasion to criticize
Judgre Belcher very severely and to assert
that while the plaintiffs won the suit they
abandoned all benefits which they won by
their litigation.
"W. B. Cope, one of the attorneys for
the plaintiffs, now makes reply with the
Etartlir.g ailegatior.s which so seriously
reflect upon the Harbor Commissioners
who were In office when the suits were in
6titute<l. Mr. Cope does not care to em
bellish cr elaborate his assertion, but the
offer of his principals to donate a thou
sand dollars if the books of the S. E. Sladv.-
Lumber Company and the San Francisco
Timber Preserving Company are submitted
for public inspection is deeply signincant.
Mr. C«-.pe returned from the country
yesterday and was bristling with allega
tions and uncomplimentary remarks of
Attorney Stratton. whom he handled ut
terly without concern or consideration for
that gentleman's feelings. Mr. Cope in-
FistP that his principals in the litigation
facrificed nothing of value. He declares
that they won everything that they could
possibly obtain and pave up the crsts ot
tuit simply that The settlement might be
hastened. It will be interesting Co note
vhetht-r or not the S. E. Slade Lumber
Company or the San Francisco Timber
Pi-pservtnp Company care to submit their
books for the period specified and secure
a donation <>f one thousand dollars for the
cofferers of Galveston.
Said Mr. Cope yesterday:
Cope Explains.
Tlie rrtio> In Th* Call cf Sunday last con-
Tn'.nir.K qytatior.!- from a report made by At-
t r rr.»>y FreiVrick S. Stratton to the Board of
Fiat* Harbor Cr^-.misFinners in reference to
t sett'en-.art of the cases bt-oujrht ajraln«t the
fcj-HXT tv>ar>5 by the ParafSr.e l'aint Comeany
air! ?arr.ue! C. Irvir.p was called to my atten
t - OB my return fr^m the rountry- I hav»
r ¦' \i >i an opportunity to examine the report
er.3 can ¦¦•!*.!>• Kp^ak from the quotatior-.s made
5t Tbe Call. My only reaym for speaklr.K at
«:: if Th:it Jnie^ Belcher, whose fairness and
Judicial conduct are directly assailed In the
¦ r< port, probably feels restrained by a ser.se of
• dignity ar.d Judicial propriety from making a
\ reply in person to an uncalled for. malicious,
: ur.jii't an.l in many particulars untrue attack.
The attack rn Judge Belcher by this dis
' b i untied attorney cannot 1»» excused upon the
i ground that It. was nn >>¦¦! J in the p*-rform
a;ice of his duty. No report of the settlement
\ wrs necessary, tor the reason thet the board
j knew as well as Mr. Strattoii. and had pre
\it.ufly consented to. the terms of the settle
j nent and authorized him to make It. But
i even if rome report were proper to close the
: matter before the board there was certainly no
! reason why Mr. Stratton should have taken
1 the occasion to criticize and abuse the Judije.
j That the lonK-pendinp litigation between the
Parainne Faint Company and the members of
! the former Board of Harbor Commissioners
| had been settlrd by the agreement of all par
ties concerned, with the active co-operation of
Mr. Stratu.n, is true: but that the Parafflne
IV.ir.T. Companv has relinQu:Eh'*«l in that ytttle-
I rrent one item of the b^netlts for which it
! crntended in the litigation is absolutely talse.
Purposes of the Suit.
i The Parafflne Paint Company's suit was In
1 flituted for the purpose of compelling the
1 Hoard of State Harbor Commissioners to award
a contract tor mating piles to be used In
t Gree:i-s:reet wharf, and also for the treatment
j ot such pile* as mijrht be called for br the
i b^ard for one year from the month of Kovem
! ber, 1*?7. The time consumed In the trial and
subsequent procoedingE rendered a contract for
or* year of no value. As stated in Mr. Strat-
I ton** communication, the conttact fcr Green
, street wharf was awarded to the Para: fine
¦ Paint Company in compliance with the Judg
] ment. Mr. Stratton seemed to be very anxious,
I ftr soir.e reason, to perfect an appeal, and in
i r-ritr to enable him to do so the attorneys for
I the company consented to the entry of a Judg
ment in a form prepared, if 1 am not mistaken.
i by Mr. Strattcn himself, or at any rate rag
j gf-frtPd by him.
The contract for the matins of plies for one
year was n»ver regarded by the company as o'
any value whatsoever, as Mr. Stratton well
knows, and there has never been a time when
it would not wil'.lr.ply have relinquished that
part of the judgment. The only other benefits
relinquished in the settlement were the costs.
In the Paraffine ca.ee th<?se coats amounted to
or-Ir a few dollars, and In the Irving case to
about $250. The cofts in the Irving c\5e were
not relinquished because Mr. Irving was not
entitled to them, but because their collection
would have caused furthor delay in the >»«-ttle
ment. and pot^lhly might have prevented It and
subjected the company to a continuance of the
litigation for no practical purpose, and at th"
probable expense of ton times the amount of
the roftf. As another result of the settlement,
apparently not rcftrre<J to by Mr. Stra.tt.in In
his report, the Paraffine Paint Company recov-
ered from the Board of State, Harbor Commis
sioners its certified check for $1000, being four
times tho amount of the costs.
The Questions Involved.
I am not inclined to dircuss the questions In
volved in the litication. The readers of The
fall will perhaps remember that the cases In
volved charges of gross fraud and favoritism
In the dealings of the former board with cer
tain contractors, one of whom was admittedly
a client of Mr. Stratton and advised by him in
certain business matters with the board which
came directly Into consideration on the trial.
That the opinion of Judge Belcher, which was
published at 'length in Tho Call of April 24.
1S9S. refrained from any criticism of Mr. Strat
ton htmsolf was a matter which should have
excited his lively gratitude instead of planting
In his breast a spirit of malevolence which,
aftf-r long cherishing, seems now to have burst
forth. Indeed, I am credibly Informed that
ilr. Stratt&n shortly after took the trouble to
peck Judge Belcher at his chambers and thank
htm profusely for his consideration in not re
flectinjr upon him (Stratton). and added that
the honor would nover be forgotten.
As to the manner in which the trial was
conducted. I remember very distinctly that at
the outset technical objections were raised by
Mr. Stratton to the Introduction of any testi
mony on the part of the plaintiffs and the
Judge seemed strongly inclined to sustain Mr.
Stratton's objections.
It required, in order to get in any
evidence, a long and warm argument,
in which the counsel for the Paraffine
Paint Company promised that if per
mitted to introduce the testimony
they woud show that the business of
the Harbor Commissioners ! on the
water front had been conducted with j
gross favoritism and even corruption, j
This promise was abundanty justified !
by the subsequent testimony wrung j
from the unwilling lips of witnesses
deeply concerned in the transactions
under investigation, and from books
of account marred with recent eras
ures and containing fictitious entries
of charges to imaginary Battersons,
Mattersons and Rattersons.
T'pon fuoh a statemer.t it was no wonder that
an upright Judse, with a desire to brine the
truth to light, should have decided to hear the
testimony and determine afterward, upon care
ful consideration, how much of It was relevant
and what portion should be caBt aside. That
this Is no unusual practice In the trial of cases
before a court, where there is no Jury In at
tendance. Is well known to lawyers and to
others familiar with legal proceedings. Par
ticularly Is this so where It Is sought to prove
fraud, as the parties guilty of fraud usually
are careful to cover up their tracks.
Mr. Stratton'rf Complaint.
The real gravamen of Mr. Stratton's com
plaint Is not that the testimony did not ills
close corruption and favoritism, but that the
testimony was not "relevant," which means
simply that. In the opinion of this biased
critic of an unbiased court. It -was not con
nected closely enough with the so-called tech
nical Issues In the case. That It was "rele
vant" in a broader sense Is shown by the fact
that it convinced not only the court, but the
great intelligent public to whom it was re
peated through the columns of the dally papers,
of the Justice of the Parafflne Paint Company's
cause. It was the publicity given to the tes
timony which disturbed the peace of mind of
the Individuals whose methods were thus, for
the first time, disclosed.
It Is not true that the Judge was responsible
for any delays, either In reference to the entry
of the Judgments or the settlement of the bill
of exceptions. The bill of exceptions prepared
In Mr. Stratton's office was. In the opinion
of counsel for the Parafflne Paint Company,
unnecessarily and ridiculously lengthy. The
priming of it would have been a Kreat expense
to tbe sitate. and we prepared several hundred
amendments designed principally to reduce the
bulk Of the bill.
I was not aware that the trial Judge had
manifested any irr.patleme or objection to the
defendant's appealing from his decisions; but
if he did have such feelinRS and did state that
the questions Involved were merely academic,
I can quite understand his disgust at the con
duct of attorneys for public officers who would
ho willing to subject the State to a very heavy
expenditure of money, including attorneys'
fees. In maklnc up records and arguing ap
pealai the result of which could be of no ad
vantage whatsoever to the State.
One of Mr. Stratton's detentions on the trial
was that no matter how corrupt the Commls-
Monors may have been, there was no power
in the courts to regulate their conduct. Judge
Uelchcr held acalnst this contention, and his
declMon was at the time regarded by honest
contractors as «. decided advantage for those
who wished to compete for public work upon ati
equal footine without favoritism.
I desire to Bay that there Is no member or
the itcspM Hoard of riarbor Commissioners
whose conduct was attacked In the litigation,
and that there was nothing In the evidence
or in th<? decisions that would reflect in any
way upon those who are now on the board.
S. C. Irving Will Give $1000 if Two Prominent Firms Will Submit the
Record of Their Transactions With the Harbor Commission
to an Inspection Committee.
MAKING GRAVE CHARGES OF FRAUD
IN THE AFFAIRS OF THE WATER FRONT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1900.
5
$10.50 trixnmsd Turbaa cf black velvet.
fe't, black Paris, with ornament ani colored
bow en hair; special to-day only $6*75
All that ia new and
cr.a-m:E(r in Fa'.l Mil-
linery. An SB^ortment
that h incomparable
for siz3 and beauty.
Here are two bargains
in trimmed hats for
this day on'y:
$12.50 trimmed short
back Sailors, velvet
and ne' ting with oma-
rarnt: special to-rfa?
only $8.75
Millinery Special.
A Special Saie of
Mrs. Potts' Irons.
C§O5i\ Every housekeeper
V/ ~2jv knows Mrs. Potts' Fiat
£**»— *^g- Irons. A set co-.si.st-i
tof 3 irons of different
?iz3i, one of which \\
curved for po ishing,
handle a'd ho'd^r, and
B?lis regular y for $1.25,
to-day cn'y, set com-
plete, with eithe- «tvle
handle - Q3C
r
24 sheets <f paper 12o
25 envelopes. ..:..... ~12o
To-d <j W9 will close out nuny broken lots
of Hurd's b?3t quality kid finish writing
paper and envelopes, in whit?, heliotrope,
pink a d si'ver gray tints, in commercial,
octavo, victor, Alexis and Mignon shape;
Tuesday only.price3 will be:
Writing Paper 12c.
100 of the be3t grade large s:z3 write
Honeycomb Bed Steads, hemmed, ready for
u*e, worth $1.50 eich; en saie «o
to-day only *j)Mmt%9
Bed Spreads §?,18,
Music Cabinet — Mahogany finish, tice'y
polished, has 5 adjustable she ve*. w rth
17.50. on sale to-day $5,5Q
Bookcase— So id golden oak with glass
dcors, adjistabie shelves, 3 feet wi^e.
worrh $ a .5O. on sa!e to-day $3.75
Enameled Beds— Tull size only. wi;h
woven wire wool-top mattre s and pair
of pillows, complete, worth $13.5'). on
eale to day SO* 75
Rocker— Golcen oak finish, high b->ck
and arm?, cane or wjoi seat, worth
$2.fiO, on Fa!e to-<hy $1.85
Parlor Chair— Mahogany finish, nphol-
sterei seat and back, good damask cover-
i'fr. worth $4.50, ot ?ale to-day $2*75
art f.r to-dsy Wednesday inly.
Furniture Specials
These lig reductions :rctn regular price*
We have bought another sma'l lot of n00
larj;e spoo's of b'ack sewing si k that hwa
a few j linings on eich unool acd ar» marked
"factory ends," letters A and B, guaranteed
the be3t quality; on special tale *~}gz
to-day only, per spoo! afdC
Spool Silk,
A big buy of G >ru:ne Leather Fr iires,
n popular color?, p ain and ornamented,
Paris panel and cibinet sizj3, which s v l
regular y from 75c to J3 each, on sp*cia :
sale to-day on'y 5So and 83c
Sain of Leather
Photograph Frames*
150 only, fine qia'ity gaid-plated waist
sets, enameled, fleur de li.<, ston? ret and
b'ack enamaled; set3 consisting of one pair
of dumbbell link?, threa stud' and collar
button.", and guaranteed to piva satisfac-
tion; en special sale to-day, get no
B -ij C
Waist Sets 13c.
Lace Ru5bd Shaci3, with colored lin-
ings, in blue, pink and yellow, ready for
use, also stand covers to match, two
big bargains at to-day' * special pries,
each 35c and SOc
•Sale of Shams*
For purity and quality In beer drink
"Rainier," the only beer on Pacific. Coast
awarded medal at Paris Exposition. •
To choose the best la the wisest course.
EVANS 1 ALE'and STOUT are the highest
made brewings In the world. "Well bottled
too. All dealers. - •
#VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for ME*
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL**
hav« b#«n In use over nrty
years by the leaders ot tha
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Pcstmely cures tha
worst cases la old and yours
arising from effects of self-
abuae. dissipation, excesses or
ciRarette-smoklng. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Los:
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, mmm Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *^ aa rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effect*^V-J^Tla r • Immediate.
Impart vigor and** c " la potency to every
function. Don't ret despondent; a cure is at
hand. Restores small. undeveloped orsan.i.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; SOc a
box: C for 12 50 by mall. A written ruarantee to
cur", or money refunded with * boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 49 Ellis
«t.. San Francisco. CaL. GRANT DRUO CO..
39 and 40 Third st.
W. T. HESS.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown SSI.
Residence, ill California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
O I rr nnUtl Corner Fourtn «na
lirr nMiu -•&£^
valises checked it e«
VIN MARIANI
MARIAN! WINE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
It Improves the app*tlt» and also has a re-
markable effect la strengthening the voice and
maintaining: lt» tone. For the latter reason.
Joined with the tonic action of the entire »y»-
tem. n Is largely employed by clergymen,
lawyers, teachers, singers and actors.
Sold by all IJrugglsts. Refuse Substitutes.
ADVEBTTSEK3NTS.
aseaeasoBOBeoneBOBaoeeeois*
\ Mit)$fm \
J No truer words were ever said. ¦
o Anita Cream actually tc- a
• moves the outer cuticle And 2
g with it all discolorations and •
o coaxes to the surface a fresh, •
b new skin, as soft and trans- J
• parent as an infant's. ¦
I ANITA CREAM \
• Is a positive CURE for tan, ¦
S freckles, liver mole, moth 2
g patches, etc , and has stood *
a the test for years. e
B Further particulars, instruc- "
2 tlom and a sample sent to any g
• address for 2c postage. Full m
• size jar for 50c %
5 Anita Cream & Toilet Co, 207 •
a Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cal.
o n
MUNYON'S INHALER
Jr~J| CATARRH
Colds, Coughs,
s*Ji&$i^> Hay Fever, Bron-
j|||iSp|||Kchitis, Asthma
&t#J *jj &Wand all Disease!
i0jc£^t $M°S the Throat and
Oocfis cf Medicated Vapor are Inhaled
thronjta the mouth acd emitted from tb<> not-
trtls. drawing end raporlzlnff all the Inflamed
crd rflsf-awd r»«« which carnot be reached by
mp&clne t&Lra Into the ctomach.
// rrarJie* lUe tore rpoU—It heal* th« raw
j>lcrrs—]t por-: to thr rral ofditeaxe—It act* as
fitnlm cmh t'mir it //<<• whol* ryxtrm — f '1. 00 at
r" '?" ~r »<— ? r --fnf~i'. |V>* Arrh /if.. Phila-
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Car: of Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaint*
ot the Or«ai« of Generation. .
J'rlc* |1 a keltic ftor tal. by OrunlsU.
Fine Shoes
Y|_ "Gr \ About 100 pair3 of Lidies'
Yf" V V Fine Vici Kid Button Shoe?,
fe.-Vf" >w with hand-turn: dsoles,
1§J Cy/ >w new style toes,
v§vT\ «^rf' \. patent leather
tips, worth
•iJ'N, a pair,
*"'* an ideal shoe
for ease and comfort, U placed en
special sa'e for Wednes- £*** **Q
day only n^XamSO
An Extra Bargain in
Ladies' Und&rwear.
For this day only — Ladies' Pure Am-
tralian Lamb's Wool »nd Cashmere Pasts.
steam shrark, the celebrated "Star"
make, white enly, s°z>s 23 to 44, sold
everywhere at $1.50 par gar- — ,-,
ment, each mOQ
50c Cuspidors 27c*
Only 288 of these jffjgffiffjy-ftffS^
Royal Blue Cuspidow, N^ 2 "- rj^y
stiple goid edge and side,
at to-day'e price one of I -^L><X';
the greatest values th3t yy 5^^?}*
we have ever offered in s **$g& i $$'' !
cuspidors, they are '^SSSKfic*^
worth 50c each, this lot goe3 _
for ZmG
$1 Fancy Waists 69c.
$£!&&¦?:, ew Fancy F.an-
Jo3W^J n<?Iette Waists.
imall or medium
sizsd polka dots, on
.^T^»vj*v^ red, light blue, la-
/^'.\. «v»\w^^fcf vender, navy and
/*'» *•£*•*•* vY'll jCS black gronnd, fin-
r;y\S'»4f'\]fir iih ' d with bras?
Vv X'kifjXl/ button?, all size?,
jT^^/tm'tii'*^^ regularly $1 each,
~~**?f/^§ V 1 or. sale to- g*r%
k \ dav only.. Owv
j-
Carpets, Linoleums, Mattings and Rugs
Note the very low prices quoted on all. standard go ids.
Tapestry Brussels — Good wearing carpet, in strong, serviceable
co or?, worth 55c, on sale all this week, per yard .-39c
Brussels Carpets— A fine, heavy carpet; full line of Parlor, Bed-
room, Dining-room and Hall and Stair Patterns, well worth 65c, on sile al' thi?
weik. per yard GOO
Ingrain Carpets — One yard wide, full line of veryd2si.-ab!e pattern*,
sp'en'"il wearing carpet, worth 55c, on sale all thn wek, per yard! 40c
Smith's Axminster Carpets— The well-known" make; our large line
of well-selected pattern?, w,ith handsome border to match, all the latest Dat-
lerns and coloring?, the very special price, per yard thi3 week Q1c
Hartford Axminster Carpets— An excellent line of this poDulat
make, with or without borders, the very low price, per yard, this week SKIS
Mattings— Japanese linen warp, closely woven, all styles and de-
si 'n<. per yard 20a
Linoleums — Sp^ndid quality heavy Linoleums, neat, choice pat-
terns, p?r ya:d SOc
Japanese Rugs— At a quarter or more below actual worth:
18x36 inches, worth Sl.lO, sale price this week SOc
3 x63 inches, worth $3.00, sale pries this week $2*25
36x72 inches, worth |4.25, sale price this week $3,OO
4x7 feet, worth $7.00, sale price this week $5.75
We have bought at a large discount from regular prices more then 18,000 yarcs of manu-
facturer's loom ends of ribbons, lengins varying from i\ to 9 yards, no: suf-
ficient for a full piece of 10 yards, and therefore sold to us by the manufacturer in bulk at a big
loss. First installment of this immense purchase will be placed on sale to-dav, and will inc'ude:
6^00 yards of g>od quality A V-SHk Taffeta Ribbon, 2000 Short Lengths of A 1! Kinds of Black Rib'
in whitp,pink,blue,cream and other good coIorsjperfectgooH?: /, O n, best quality, double-faced satins, biacK tsff.'as,
N. 3Ki^n^^^p^ya;d:::::;.:::::::::::::::::::::::::/ 5 S b "^ ?*«• v ck *r pra i!- r* and gro9 srain - t3ffsta
N.i. 4?— 4 .nches wide, per yard 13o fuIe » et c-» »* * rc ™ 9C to 33o yard, which is about half
No. 6 )— 5 inches wide, per yard 16c th<> rega'ar price*.
immense Purchase of Loom Ends
Ribbons at About Half Price.
Kohfer's Practical <jfg?gi|B|jP iPill^i^^ll&iO^&JllS Ii^>il^ esfc d°z--n Cabinet or
Piano Method, reg- 8 Hf| W iL sfw «^P§C B If 1 iHH Oval Photographs,
PflP^ «&r*«3 latest style melton-face
plarly 50c each, g g P^«»oi«tell'R.ulgflfcs»y«»g»r > . mounts, &<& -*eZ
to-day only . . .^«^*« r California's largest-America's grandest store this week V*wo a Sr
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Ripe Olives - Fancy Ripe 0 ive3, in bulk.
tod y on y. p?r qaart. ~...2Oc
Mince Meat -Libby's Conlensed. 3 pack-
age* for 25o
Pyramid Washing Powder— 12 packages
for 25o
Bourbon Whiskey— A fine 52 50 grade, to-
day, per gallon $1,95
Befnafroig — ?cotch Whiskev, ona of the
best impor.eJ, to-day oa'y, per bo: 85c
Claret Wine— Our popular 40c par gallon
quality, to-day oa y 28o
Grape Nuts— To-day, 2 pkzs for 25o
New Figs—\\b cartons, 3 for 25s
Roast Coffee — Oar Go'dsn Blend, to-dar
on'y. 4J lbs for $1.00
Chocolate — Ghirardelli'a Eag^e, to-day
on'y. per !b ,.. .t9o
Groceries — Liquors,
Be Wise I
USB |
"Ko=Nut" I
A Pure Sterilized Cocoarint H
Fat — never pets rancid — twice H
the shortening power of lard. j
For Shortening j
and Frying. |
For Butter flavor "KO-XUT" 1
requires the addition of salt. 1
About i oz. of salt to I pound j
of "KO-XUT" srives the reg-
ular butter flavor. ;
: Ask your Grocer, or write b
India Refining Co.,
Philn-lelphia.Some of our local highwaymen appear to be hold
ing overflow meetings in Oakland, and as far a« \ve
are concerned there is no objection, to their mission
an- spirit.
The Santa Rosa woman who thrashed a school
mastcr for whipping one of her hopeful offspring
?ccms to have bad. after ali, a lingering beiicf in the
rflicacy of the rod.'
Several prominent New Yorkers are planning, for
the spring, an expedition to discover the north pole.
Is it possible that the ice trust is looking for some
thing in the nature of n diversion after election?
And now even the Police Judges arc laughing at
the charter .?nd violating its provisions. This much
fufTering instrrment of our new municipal govern
ment promises to be the most thoroughly punctured
Jocument in existence.
Some of the venturesome editors of Berlin are put
ting a red in pickle for themselves. Thcv say that a
pclicrriiati wo:ild be «f more service in China than
Count von Walderscc. and there is a growing/ si: s
j'icion that they are /ii^ht.
THE PRESID.ENT-R. \v.. City. If it
should happen that the President-elect an 1
Vice President-elect should die between
the time that each was declared elected
and the time ret^ for inauguration the
Electoral College would meet and elect i
new President and a new Vice Presiripnt
to fill the vacancies. It is thedutvofth
Presidential Electors to mcetinftliVc!
toral College and oast their ballots for n
President and a Vice President of the
United States. There is no law that com
pels them to vote for the nominees of the
SIXTEEN TO ONE— A. T. C, City. The
following definition of 18 to 1 is taken
from United States Treasury Circular No
123: The phrase "1C, to 1;" as apphed to
coinage, means that the mint value of
sixteen ounces of silver shall be equal to
the mint value of one ounce of gold- that
is that sixteen ounces of v.lver shall ho
coined into as many silver dollars as one
ounce of gold is coinabie into standard
dot itirs.
. WALKER. FILIBUSTER — Reader
Fairfleld, Cal. The recruiting in San
Francisco of .volunteers for Walker th«
filibuster, who sought to take Lower' t al
ifornia by force of arms, was in 1S33
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
'CREAMERY AND DAIRY— W., Fisk
Cal. The reason given for the'higher
price for creamery over dairy butter is it
is always uniform in all particulars while
dairy butter is not. - .
The friends of E. T. Cospcr of Kings County, who
have encouraged his appearance on the platform,
should advise him that the famous weapon' of Sam
son is not dangerous in these modern days of war
fare. . • :*':;"«;'
Campaign orators will soon be at-a loss to persuade
their hearers that the Filipinos do not take readily
and quickly to American civilization. Most of the
Filipino Judges have been discovered to be no
toriously and shamelessly dishonest.
If the international concert is not doing any better
through the channels of secret diplomacy than it is
through the-various notes that are made public, the
pacification of China is going to be a continuous per
jormance to the end of the twentieth century.
The secret spring of Webster Davis' eloquence for
the Boer cause seems to have been discovered. The
ex-Assistant Secretary of the Interior is accused of
having attuned his voice to the jingle of Boer gold.
This appears to be no good reason, however, why he
should espouse the silver cause as well.
The "khaki campaign" in Great Britain has been a
great deal more successful than the genuine campaign
in khaki made by the British in South Africa. Salis
bury is over all his troubles and has rest in sight, but
Roberts is still hunting for Boers and finding them
every now and then where he was not looking for
them.
For an understanding of that measure it is to be
borne in mind that when Mr. Loud entered Cong-ess
;,. i8ni h. was undoubtedly better informed udou
Among the measures of national importance, such
as those providing protection to American industries
and the establishment of a sound monetary system,
which he has supported in common with all Republi
cans, there arc some with which he is particularly
identified. Among these are plans for the improve
ment of the postal service in such a way as to make
it possible to establish a one-cent rate for letter post
age without loss to the Government. That was one
of the main objects of the "Loud bill," of which there
has been so much talk ever since it was presented
The bill, as will be remembered, provides for such an
amendment of the existing postal laws as will pre
vent the abuse of the second class mail privilege, an
abuse which entails a heavy loss to the department
and benefits no legitimate industry of the country.
FOR ONE CENT LETTER POSTAGE.
VOTERS of the Fifth Congressional District have
many local interests wliich Mr. Loud has pro
moted and can find iff them ample reasons for
re-electing him, but over and above all matters of that
kind there are other reasons why they should return
him to Congress. Mr. Loud is in the fullest sense
a national statesman, and ever since entering the
House of Representatives has been actively engaged
in promoting measures designed to benefit the people
of the whole country.
W. J. Shattuck has been appointed com
mercial agent of the Santa Fe at Sacra
mento, vice 'F. E. Valentine, resigned.
Mr. and Mrs. A. F.Knudsen are regis
tered at the Occidental. Mr. Knrudsen Is
an extensive Honolulu planter.
W. S. Hasan, a Chicago merchant, ac
companied by his sister, is spending a few
days In the city and is registered at the
Gra nd. 'vi' ;¦;¦ , Vf .V S
Daniel Anderson, a wealthy builder of
Dawson City, is In town for a few d/iys
and is stopping at the Grand.
CM. Wheeler and wife of Eureka are
stopping at the Grand on their way home
after an enjoyable trip East. .
Dr. C. H. "Blemmer, State Veterinary
Surgeon, whose home is in Sacramento,
is registered at the Grand.
B. L. Smith, wife and child, of Eureka,
Nevada, are at the Occidental. Mr. Smith
is a prominent merchant.
James P. Carroll, Chief Engineer of the
Stockton Fire Department, is visiting in
San Francisco.
John H. Hall, a prominent Portland
business man, is staying at the Occidental
for a few days.
J. S. Schumack and W. S. Becker, mer
chants of San Antonio, Texas, are at the
Palace.
Frank Waterhouse and J. C. Hayden,
Seattle politicians, are stopping at the
Grand. '
Christian Hoffman, merchant at Santa
Cruz, is stopping at the Grand for a few
days. \
Lieutenant Commander W. M. Parks of
the United States navy is at the Occiden
tal, f
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
J. F. Colley, a Nevada City merchant,
is at the Lick. \
A. W. Fox, mining man at Grants Pass,
is at the Grand.
Frank Dulmaine, a Grass Valley mining
man, is at the Grand..
R. B. Butler, a Fresno fruit man, Is
stopping at the Grand.
C. D. Howry, an Antioch oil. promoter,
is registered at the Grand.
A. Peterson of Kimberley, South Africa,
is registered at tha Palace.
Dr. H. N. Wlnton and wife of Haywards
are stopping at the Occidental.
W; J. Richmond, a Cov'ngton, Ky., mer
chant, is stopping at the Palace.
James McCudden, a big naval contractor
at Vallejo, is registered at the Grand.
The Rev. Richard A. Wylle of Napa ar
rived at the Occidental last evening.
S. R. Porter, proprietor of ' the Vallel
mines, Js registered at the Occidental.
J. B. Over ton, owner of the water works
at Virginia City, New, is at the Russ.
George Strait has been promoted to Mr.'
Shattuck's former position of traveling
agent.
Mrs. C. T. Norton and family of Diaz,
Mexico, are staying at the Russ. Mr.
Norton has large railroad interests in
Mexico.
F. H, Ransom, a prosperous lumber
man at Portland, Is on a brief business
trip to the city and is stopping at the
Grand.
Hervey Lindley, a successful lumber
man at Klamathon and a politician of
some fame. Is registered at the\ Palace
Mr. Lindley formerly resided at Los An
geles.
Wynkoop Kiersted. hydraulic expert, is
stopping at the Palace. He -was for sev
eral years chief engineer of the Kansas
City water system. He is here as an ex
pert for the Contra Costa Company in
Oakland, which has a case In litigation
¦with the city of Oakland. Mr. Klersted
with J. Scuyler and M. Adams, are to
fix an equitable valuation upon the
company's water plant. Mr. Klersted
came into prominence in this State some
time ago as an expert witness In the case
of the city of Los Angeles versus the
water company of that city.
% . . ..¦•.
EDITOR OF THE CALL: The remarkable story recently telegraphed
here by a New York yellow Journal of the killing of a long-lost son and the
disappearance of his father, a well-known army officer, has caused a great
deal' of amusement in local army circles. In 1S72 Major Rockefeller, then
lieutenant, was, so the story poes, stationed at Hongkong. A wife and child
were with him. Completing his tour of duty, the officer made arrangements
to return to this country. A few days before leaving his child disappeared
and no trace was ever found of him. Twenty-two years after, so the story
ran, the officer, with the rank of major, was sent to the Philippines and In
an attack shot and killed a white youth, who was leading the natives in an
attack. This youth was supposed to be the long-lost son, and when it dawned
upon the oflicer that he was the slayer of his own child, it so preyed upon
his mind that he deserted and has never been seen or heard of since.
,Thls thrilling story was read hy a number of people who knew Major
Rockefeller intimately. They wondered greatly, as to their certain knowledge
that oflicer was never married.
The wife of an oflicer in the Ninth Infantry, who knew Rockefeller in
his younger days, said yesterday:
"He never was married and in 1S72. when he was, according to the tale,
in Hongkong, ho was stationed at Fort D. A. Russell. My husband was
there at the same time and I remember distinctly the presence of Lieutenant
Rockefeller. He was a confirmed bachelor, though I believe that at the time
he went to. Manila, about 1S9S, he was engaged to be married."
The story is laughed at by the enlisted men, who claim that the body of
Major Rockefeller is probably lying at the bottom of one of the numerous
wells that are to be found in the islands. FYLES ON PARADE.
San Francisco, Oct. 16.
Story of the Slaying off Major IRockefeller's
Son Founded on Fake.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— San Francisco—
K. Birmingham is at the Savoy; Mrs. G.
Caremose is at the Bartholdi: O. Glllespie
is at the Grand Union; B. .Hart Jr. is at
the Imperial; Mrs. P. Mllltz 13 at the
Grand Union; K. B. Putnam and wife are
at the St. Denis; the Misses Robinson and
R. J. Robinson and wife are at the Ever
ett; J. Sonntas Is at the Savoy; Dr. B. X.
Dow is at the St. Denis; L. M. Kellopg la
at the Park avenue: W. H. Leahy Is at
the Bartholdi; Miss L. G. Barchial I3 at
the Victoria; 1^. F. Weaver and wife are
at the Murray Hill. L03 Angeles— R. A.
Johnson 13 at the Astor; Mrs. Weaver la
at the Park avenue. San Jose — F. A.
Whitmire is at the Grand; Dr. J. V. Hall
Is at the Park avenue.
cisco— J. W. Barber is at the St. Clnu.l:
J. H. Brunnins? Is at the Grand Vnlon: Q.
M. Caro and wife are at the Broarlw;»;."
Central: Mrs. A. D. Clark is at the He.
Denis; H. F. Conrad 13 at the Imperial:
Mrs. A. r>. Curry Is at the Grand I'nlon:
H. K. Ellis Is at the St. George: G. R.
Folsom Is at the Everett House; J. S.\
Hanna la at the Holland House: A.^ J.
Hartford la at the Broadway Centra!;" .T.
F. Hlnrichs Is at the Belvedere: C. O.
Huse is at the Holland House; Ml**
Javell Is at the Grand; H. Payne Is at th«j
Morton; J. Dernlngham and Julian Soim
tag are at the Savoy; B. H. LJchtenstein
is at the Manhattan: Mrs. S. M. Ritch Is
at the Rartholdl; Mrs. H. Schwartz is at
the Savoy;' J. Stern and N. W. Stern are at
the Holland House: B. B. Hamrick is at
the Imperial: Miss Carroll. J. B. Rein-
Stein and Mrs. "W. R. Whittler are at the
Holland; TV*. C. "Wltlle 13 at the Imperial.
From San Jose — Miss Coatre and Iff. A.
Geoffray are at the Astor; A. L. Carpen
ter is at the Grand.
J. J. Gill of San Dleeo is at the Hol
land; F. M. Shibler of Eureka i3 at the
Grand Union.
Los Angeles — Miss Amestoy Is at the St.
Denis, R. C. Cline and wife are at tha
Imperial: E. Baeaue is at the St. Denl.*;
J~ T. Fitzperald and wife are at the Im
perial; the Mis5es Etchemendy are at ''ie
St. Denis: F. W. King is at the Imperial;
Miss A. Larrabee la at the St. Denla; L.
Pietro and wife are at the Holland; W. CS.
Symondson is at the St. Denis; J. E. In
graham is at the Manhattan.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— From San Fran-
CAJLIFORNIANS IN NEW YOSK.
ARMY PEOPLE DERIDE
A YELLOW SENSATION
It is our opinion that if the people of this city are
not already disgusted with the Phclan Democracy
they will be disgusted after water rates are fixed in
February ac?t.
Bm there i« little prospect of the people getting
results with respect to water rates from this Boarl
of Supervisors. The personal feeling displayed at
Monday's meeting indicates that upon the water sub
ject at least the members are irreconcilably at ioggrr
heads. Indeed, the signs of disorganization multiply,
as time goes by. Platform pledges, political obliga
tions and a desire to accumulate j>artv prtfstige melt
away in the face of bickerings and jealousy among
rival demagogues. .'.
Perhaps it may be said thr.t there is little to learn
regarding the affairs of the water company. Possibly
it IS true that if all the information which has been
accumulated in past years in the course of similar in
vestigations were compiled in book form it would
make :« series of volumes as voluminous as the Brit
ish Patent Office rcp.irts. This fact, however, should
not <lct«*r the Supervisors from making further in
qniry. It is less trouble to listen to (he evidence oi
Spring Valley officials than to read up the testimony
given at former sitting? of the board.*
However, it is to be hoped that the investigation
which is about to be instituted into Spring Vallej-'s
af airs will be thorough and effective! Last winter the
Supervisors alleged lliat lack of "information" com
pelled them to fix rates at a higher figure than was
called for by their pledges. They did not dare to
let the month of February pass without enacting an
ordinance, and between January 8 and February 28
there was not sufficient time in which to make a thor
ough investigation.
Indeed, f-hou'd such turn out to be tht ca>e, it may
be said that he is not the first California politician
whose views of local affairs have been modified by
consultation -.vith the crown-heads of Europe or from
inspection of the cfTeic municipal systems of the O1J
World.
For four years now the water company has been
I'helan's especial bete noire. By means of inquiries
into its affairs he has managed to manufacture x suiTi
c:ent amount of personal notoriety to keep himself*
constantly before the community in the light of an
honest and painstaking official. If it be tru?, as inti
mated by Reed, that at last he has changed his mind
with reference to the relations of the corporation to
the communhyAthc people should be apprised of the
fact at once.
On the surface the difficulty between Mayor Phe
lan an«i Supervisor Reed appears to be merely a quar
rel among rival politicians over the privilege of ac
cumulating political capital out of the popular griev
ance against the water monopoly, but between the
lines <;ne may easily read something far deeper and
more important than personal jealousy.
THE proceedings of the Board of Supervisors on
Monday afternoon with reference to instituting
the annual inquiry into the affairs of the Spring
Valley Water Works as a basis for fixing rates le
quire explanation before the public will be able to
fully comprehend them.
ThJE ANNUAL WATE^ 1ISQUIRY
Was the confidential letter of the banker to Valen
tine any worse than Valentine's circulars to his em
ployes? That question cannot be answered until the
letter has been made public. We challenge Valentine
to publish it and let the voters judge.
It will be difficult for any one to explain why Valen
tine sent his pamphlets to his subordinates in the ex
press company upon any other ground than that of an
intention to influence their votes. He has not, in
deed, declared an intention to discharge any one who
does not read his circulars and support Bryan, but hz
lias certainly made known to them how he wishes
them to vote, and clearly conveyed to them the in
timation that if they wish to stand well with the cor
poration they must stand for the Democratic candi
date.
We can hardly hope that Valentine will make the
letter public. It is easy for a tax-shirker to become a
shirker of all sorts of public duties. Moreover, in
making 'charges of intimidation Valentine is walking
on ground that is dangerous for him. He is known
to have been sending his anti-imperial circulars to the
employes of Wclls-Fargo and also to employes of the
Southern Pacific Company. These pamphlets- de
nounce McKinley and advocate the election of Bryan.
The employes of Wells-Fargo know that Valentine is
president of the company, that he has power to dis
charge them, and it is therefore natural they should
draw from the pamphlets the conclusion that Valen
tine demands they shall vote for Bryan.
If Valentine stated correctly the purport of that
banker's letter, his duty as a citizen is plain. He
should publish the letter. That would be a benefit to
the public, for it would have tJie good effect of put
ting before the people a specific offense of the kind
complained of by the Bryanites and giving the coun
try "a chance to estimate just how far the intimida
tion is seriously meant and how far it is dangerous.
The cry of coercion in the campaign is not a new
one. It was raised by the Bryanites four years ago
and has been as?erte-l more than once this year. It
is therefore an issty: in which the people have an in
terest, and, moreover, that interest is one of some
importance. An attempt to coerce or to intimidate
voters is about as gross an offense as can be com
mitted. If, therefore, an attempt has been made to
coerce Mr. Valentine it is his duty to expose the of
fender. He should not keep as a confidential secret
a letter from a banker threatening him with a loss
of his office merely for supporting Bryan.
WHEN addressing a political meeting in Oak
land on Saturday .night John J. Valentine,
president of Wclls-Fargo Express Company,
stated he had received a letter intimating that he
would be removed from his office if he did not cease
advocating the election of Bryan. When asked by a
reporter to give the name of the author of the letter
be declined to'do so. saying it was confidential. The
o;ily information he would give is that the letter is
from a banker. He is reported to have added that he
referred to it at the meeting only "to illustrate the
fact that there is a disposition to coerce people in this
campaign." *
VALENTINE 0ND COERCION.
pai&n four years ago on a platform of free
silver Mr. McKinley advocated a sound
currency and protection to American in
dustries. We have seen and experienced
the effect of U.p latter polK-y. which has
been put to practical test, and rs a result
we are now enjoying the gre«itc-5t era Oi
prosperity California has ever known.
How could any person possessed of Ms?
reasoning faculties desire to return to the
former conditions?
"If the theories and principles of the
Democratic party are correct, then the
theories and principles of the Populist
party are incorrect. If such were not the
fact there would be no necessity for the
existence and maintenance of the two or
ganizations, and the only conclusion that
I have been able to draw from actual ob
servation is that both of these parties are
prolific in theories which are incapable of
bein? put to practical use, and when the
two narties combine one of them must
sacrifice its principles and theories or be
inconsistent. Therefore, the rational de
duction from such a combination would
imply that their adherents will be pre
sented with a lot of impracticable theories
for consideration, while the manipulators
of fusion endeavor to secure the patron
ape that would be created should Jlr. j
Bryan be successful, of which, however,
I think there is not the slightest proba
bility. E. F. BERNHARD.
F/esno, Cal., Oct. 11, 1900.
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 17. iQoo
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Ccmmwiications to W. S. LE*KE. Manager.
9IA VlGKft'S OFFICR Telephone Vrenn 2O4
ri'HLICATlOX OITIfK...Hlnrke« and Tlilrd. S. R.
Trlrplionp Pretni 2OI.
nniToniAL noo-us 217 to 221 steTenwon s*.\
Telephone Pr«-K» -OU. •
•
Delivered l»y rnrrlrr«. \T» rrnl« Per U>ek.
Sinclr lopu'n. Ti <'«-nts.
Terms l»v Hall, laeladtaic ro«<a«ei
PAILY pAXX Cndafllng Sur.day), one year !••<•
I»AIMT CAUL, lin^udins Sunday). 6 month* S.on
DATI.T CA1X, ¦¦:¦¦ hi Vr-: BlinflT). 3 month? l.tO
I'AII.T CAIJ By Ftr.jrie Month 6 s "
SfNPAY CALL. On*> Year 1-3°
WEEKLY CMJU One Y«-ar l-"°
All pomnianlrnt nre r« nt liorlrctl to rt-eelve
Kit l>»<-r I |>f > <»•>«.
Faroplp copies will b» forvardod whr" requests.
*?aV. KahKTtbftt ir otticrlnr <-hanpe of acMrpys rhnuld o»
rartioul.ir to nivo both NHW AMI OT^r> APDI'.F.F!! in onW
to insure a prompt and ocrrvrt compliance with tli'-lr reiuest.
OAKL1VD OFFICE It IS IJrondvtay
GEoacn c kiiognkss.
Vansger Foreign Advertisir.5. Warquette Building. Chicago.
iLcrc Distance Ti-lephrne "Central 2G13.")
xew Tonic coRnnproNnrs'T:
C. C. CAULTOS M-rnl.l Suunpe
ICETF YORK REPHnPEN'TATIVE:
STEPIIES il. SMITH Tribune Dnlldlnx
KEW rOF.K KBITS STANDS:
•VTaldorf-AFtoria Hotel; A. Hrentano, SI Union Squar»:
Murray Hill I2ct»l.
bmcAGo jcEtra ftakp?:
Fh»»— r.an Roue: P. O. New? c"o. : Oreat Xorthern Hotel;
Fremont Bocae; Au<Jitcrium HoteL
WASmXGTOX <!). <\> OFFICE...;. 1400 O St.. Jf. W.
MOKTOS I-:. CHAM-:. Correspondent.
DRASCO OPFICBfl rr: MontgoniCTT, corner of Clay. oj*?n
ur.ii! ?::.."• o'ci^oU. T.rr, Hays, open unti! 9:3^ o'clock. 63.1
McAllister, or»n until ?:30 o'clock. 61" Larkln, o]v>n until i
?•38 •VcJ'-x-lc. 1MI MMtD, op»n unti! 10 o'clock. ;2*M Market, j
lci it* I Sixteenth, ojt, until 9 O'clock. 1C36 Valencia. cp-»n
vjntil " o'clock. '«, Eleventh, rwu until ? o'clock. N\V. cor- '
T)fT Tv. ¦> '.'t\ --s.-f"r,il snil yfcnttickv. open until if nVIw-k,
l~" MIL F. BERNHARD, a prominent
L_ Democrat of Fresno, and who is
j well-known throughout the San
I Joa/iuin Valley. has announced
I that he intends to vote for McKin
ley and Roosevelt. Mr, Bernhard is one
of the 'active members of the Fresno
Chamber of Commerce and one of the or
ganizers of the San Joaquin Valley Com
mercial Association. He was a member
and secretary of the committee that three
years ago made the successful campaign
against the New York importers who
¦were endeavoring to prevent the increase
of the tariff 'on raisins from 1% to 2%
cents per pound and on Zante currants
from UA to 2 cents per pound. Mr. Bern
hard comes from a Democratic family
and has voted the Democratic ticket since
attaining his majority in 1SS2. In the fol
lowing statement he tells .why he will
support McKinley for President:
"Editor San Francisco Call: President
McKinley is a true American and a great
statesman. The principles of government
advocated and practiced by him are for
the best interests of the people. His
patriotism, ability and honesty of pur
pose should commend him for the sup
port of every loyal American who be
lieves that good and honest government
is superior to party considerations, and
who haa the moral courage to rise above
party prejudices, assert his manhood and
cast a vote in accordance with these con
victions.
"In view of the great change made in
the historv of the world in the past three
years, the successful termination of the
international complications with which
this country has had to contend and the
masterly and successful manner in which
they have been handled ought to appeal
to . every patriotic citizen who loves his
home and honors his countryao show his
appreciation of the administration that
has placed this great republic in a posi
tion to command the admiration and re
spect of all the powers of the
"In his selection of officers for The army
and diplomatic representatives to conduct
negotiations he has risen superior to
party lines and demonstrated his loyalty
and patriotism by the selectfon of men
of integrity and ability regardless of po
litical affiliation.
"The Pacific Coast owes to the policy
of the present administration all the pros
perity which it now enjoys. A gTeat and
pro-wins trade has been opened with the
Philippines and the Orient. Without pro
tection ih^ fruit, raisin and other indus
tries of this coast will be destroyed.
"I cannot support Mr. Bryan because
he and the leaders of the Democratic
party do not seem to have realized that
the history and the conditions of the
country have changed during the past few
years and that if the people are to pros
per a new and progressive policy must be
adopted to meet th- 1 changed conditions.
They appear to be unable to deviate from
a policy that may have been beneficial in
the past, but is now wholly inadequate to
meet present requirements.
"When Mr. Bryan was makU.g his cam-
To the Present Administration, He Says, Cali
fornians .Owe All the Prosperity They
Now Enjoy.
E. F. BERNHABD, FRESNO DEMOCRAT,
DECLARES FOR PRESIDENT McKlNLEY
BA.NT.OR NEWS— We are paying orT
our old debts. We are making money
faster than at any other time in our his
tory. For the first time since we became
a nation we are Irndinp money to Ens
land, the world's greatest money lender.
The administration is dotnjc all right in
every way. There is no demand for a
change, except among a few office-seek
ers. There will be no change.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN-The record
.13 it has been given meana that President
McKinley should be re-elected with a min
imum -of dissenting votes. His achieve
ments in commerce, finance and s erl^ral
trade, the profits of which have gone into
the pockets of the people, entitle him to
a continuance in office.
CHICAGO RECORD— Why the Intelli
gent and enlightened peoples of the earths
at this late t"ay should bs more disposed
to war than ;helr respective rovermnentJ
is not so clear. That they are. as a mat
ter of fact, iruch less conservative than,
their rulers is little reason to doubt.
INDIANAPOLIS JOURNAL— The Re
publican candidate for the Vice Presi
dency is an all-around man, a man of
strong character and individuality, a pa
triot In the truest sense — a sense that
every citizen in every walk of life should
emulate.
RICHMOND TIMES— The Independent
Is at heart a party man, only he Is a con
servative whose careful going sometimes
excites the radical party man. The inde
pendent is a force that make's for party
purity and party government.
BALTIMORE HERALD-The only fact
which stands out with tolerable clearness
Is an obstinate tendency on the part of
commanding personages In China to ig
nore exigencies and to Invite partition by
the adoption of bad policies.
ROCHESTER DEMOCRAT AND
CHRONICLE— The Cuban question will
eventually settle itself. No one can forca
a settlement, and no one, except the ex
treme advocates of the expulsion of Amer
icans, wants to force it.
CLEVELAND LEADER-It i3 apparent
that the voters of the former silver State3
are coming back to the Republican party
on the Issue of expansion, and ther» la
likely to be a Republican landslide all over
the country.
CLEVELAND LEADER-When you
think it all over and sum it all up, isn't
it a fact that the paramount issue is how
to make a groo<l Uvlnpr and pet paid lor
honest work with honest money?
CHICAGO TIME3-HERALI>-The man
who votes for Bryan should understfinl
that he is supporting either a conscious
revolutionist or a tricky demanogue who
will court popularity ut any cost.
KANSAS CITY JOURNAlr-Mr. Bryrtn
pays the Republican party "has not ful
filled its promises." But what the Repub
lican party really hasn't fulfilled Is Mr.
Iiry«*n's prophecies.
BOSTON JOURXALr-Democratic solici
tude for the "consent of the governed" tJ
just as hollow a humhUR in Luzon ar.<l
Parsav as it id in the Carolinas. Alabama
and Mississippi.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the '
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
It is Mr. Loud's desire to put the Postoffice Depa-t
ment on a paying basis, so that one-cent letter post
age can be adopted at an early date. His efforts in
that direction have had the indorsement of every
business organization in the Union. All citizens are
interested in these improvements, for all will be bene
fited by them. The voters of the Fifth District should
be proud to be represented in Congress by a man
whose national statesmanship is recognized all over
the Union and whose work has been so widely bene
ficial. •'
Of Mr. Loud's earnestness and zeal in this con
test for the public interests there can be no doubt.
His persistence in continuing the fight in the face^of a
most powerful opposition has been as remarkable as
the nature of the opposition itself.. He has studied
the subject so thoroughly that his knowledge of pos
tal affairs, not of America only but of foreign coun
tries, is superior to that of any other man in Ameri
can politics. He has worked in the postoffice and he
knows .the subject not only by study' but by practical
dealing with it. His management of the postal legis
lation of Congress for the last five years has already
resulted in marked improvements, among which may
be mentioned the extension of the rural delivery ser
vice.
postal matters than any other man in the House, hav
ing made a thorough study of them during his service
in the Postoffice of this city. The first two Congresses
in which Mr. Loud served were under the control of
Democrats, and consequently, while he was -appointed
to the Postal Committee, he could take no initiative in
postal legislation. When the Fifty-fourth Congress
was organized, with Tom Reed in the chair, Mr.
Loud was appointed chairman of the Postal Commit
tee and at once began to institute those reforms and
extensions which have so much, improved the ser
vice of late years. Among the measures he designed
was that of placing the department upon a self
supporting basis. The -famous. Loud bill, aiming at
the prevention of the J.buse of second class mail privi
leges by those who have no right to such privileges;
«vas the result. Hardly any important reform of re
cent times has been more violently opposed or more
misrepresented by the opposition. Mr. Loud suc
ceeded in getting it lhrough the House in 1897, but
ii was defeated in the Senate. The fight, therefore, is
still unfinished, arid, it rests with the voters of the
Fifth District_whether or no the champion of postal
reform and cheaper letter postage shall be defeated
in the interests of men and corporations who are
profiting by an abuse of the existing law.
A FEW weeks ago a delegation of Los Angeles
jobbers met the traffic officials of the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe railways in this city with
the purpose of inducing the latter to establish the
same rates per mile from Los Angeles to San Joaquin
Valley points as are in force or might be established
from San Francisco to said points. As our Los An
pcles friends have attempted to pose as the unself
ith benefactors of the valley merchants by assuring
the latter that the sole purpose of the former is to se
cure reduced freight rates from Los Angeles, it is
well here to note that the Los Angeles delegation
plainly stated that it mattered not to them how the
railroads accomplished this equalization of mileage
rates— whether by raising the rates from San Fran
cisco or reducing them from Los Angeles. This re
moves the mafk of philanthropy and discloses the
proposition as it is — one of plain, cold business. The
Los Angeles merchants wish to sell goods in the San
Joaquin Valley without yielding up any portion of
their profits in the equalization of freight rates, and
therefore ask the railroads to relieve them of the ne
cessity for so doing.
The railroads declined to disturb the existing re
lation of rates between the two cities and San Joa
quin Valley points, and the Lcs Angeles people have
filed a complaint before the State Railroad Commis
sioners praying for an order which will bring about
the desired result. We are informed that able attor
neys have been retained to present their case and that
the same will be heard in the near future.
Our southern jfnends u?c mileage as the ground
work of their case, and claim that as they are con
siderably nearer Southern San Joaquin Valley points
than is San Francisco rates to these points from Los
Angeles should be proportionately less than from San
Francisco. This on its face appears equitable an^l
just, and we are free to admit that where Ifie condi
tions — physical or competitive — surrounding trans
portation from two different points to a third point
arc the same, mileage is the proper basis for rate
tnaking. By this we do not mean that tariffs so es
tablished must necessarily bear the fame rates per
mile regardless of length of haul. It is to be borne in
mind that the cost of loading, waybilling and unload
ing freight moving but ten miles is quite as great as
though the same was transported one thousand miles.
Therefore it would be manifestly unjust to adopt for
the one thousand mile haul the same rate per mile as
that established for the ten mile haul.
We find a wide dissimilarity in the physical condi
tions between Los Angeles and, for example. Bakers
field, as compared with those between San Francisco
and the same town. Between Los Angeles and Bakers
fiehi are three range? of mountains, involving climbs
to altitudes of more than fourteen hundred, thirty-two
hundred and four thousand feet, respectively, and ne
cessitating the employment of ponderous "helpers,"
as the extra locomotives used in the mountains are
called. Occasionally in winter it is even necessary to
employ snowplows on the Tehachapi Mountains.
Through these ranges of mountains are numerous
tunnels, among which is the San Fernando, the long
est, we believe, on the Southern Pacific Compan3*"s
system, and one of the longest in the world. These
tunnels were expensive to build and arc proportion
ately expensive to maintain. Furthermore, along this
stretch of road there is no way traffic to speak of,
there being no towns of any consequence and no agri
culture between Los Angeles and Bakersfield. On
the other hand, between San Francisco and Bakers
field the grade i= almost imperceptible, as indicated
by the sluggish San Joaquin River, which drains the
valiey. There is not « tunnel worthy of mention on
the entire line, and "helping engines" and snowplows
arc uncalled for. The railways serving the San Joa
quin Valley from San Francisco are lined .with nu
merous towns and even prosperous cities, and the soil
is, comparatively speaking, under a high state of cul
tivation, thus affording a large volume of way busi
ness. With these facts before them, can our enter
prising friends of the Angel City consistently ask that
the same rate per miie be established from Los An
pcles as from San Francisco to San Joaquin Valley
points?
Nor is the difference in competitive conditions fo be
lost sight of. Between Los Angeles atVd San Joaquiu
Valley points the railroads encounter absolutely no
water competition whatsoever. .On the other hand,
they are exposed to the permanent and, at times, ex
ceedingly aggressive competition of the river boats
which ply between Sin Francisco and Stockton, and
which practically puts the railroads out of the local
freight business. The river influence is directly felt
by them as far as Newman, the head of navigation on
the San Joaquin, and necessarily has to be consid
ered in establishing rates to points beyond.
There is a third element in the situation which we
do not believe the Honorable Board of Railroad
Commissioners will ignore in considering the de
mands of our friends of the southern metropolis. It
is that of equity. The merchants and capitalists of
San Francisco built the San Joaquin Valley road, and
thereby brought about a very material reduction in
freight rates between this city and valley points, thus
benefiting directly not so much themselves as the pro
ducers of the valley. Is San Francisco to be rewarded
for her enterprise and public -spirit by having the back
door of the- valley thrown open to competitors who
have taken no part or spent a dollar in its develop
ment? We think not. If the people of Los Angeles
would share in the trade of the San Joaquin Valley
they should build a railroad over the Tehachapi
Mountains. The right of way will cost but little.
Sen JOflQUIN VALLJE.Y FREIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER. IT, 1900.
PATRIOTIC VALLEY DEMO
CRAT WHO APPRECIATES
WHAT HcKIN'LEY HAS DONE.
6
PERSONAL MENTION.
HOTEL DEI, CORONADO-m maklne your
winter plans think of this beautiful country
home with city advantages. Ideal climate no
heavy fog or rain. At 4 New Montgomery
street, city. *et Inf ormailon and aDeclal rate*.
»oc »o(t J« oo. »!i druz?ms
scon's BOWSE. Chemist* NtwYafc
colds and contagioubdiseases.
Scotls 5mufeiciL
brings new life to such chil-
dren If enriches the blood;
it restores health and activ-
ity ; it gives vigor and vitality
to mind and body.
children are sick children.
Their inactivity and sober
faces are not in keeping with
robustchildhood. They lack
vitality and resistive power,
and are very susceptible 10
ADVEZTISEMENTa
It is easier for a person to bear all the
misfortunes of his neighbors than a single
one of his own.
Fountain Fens.
Ask to see the "Waterman Ideal fountain
pen. with a Falcon-shaped nib. It la en-
tirely new. "We have It, as well as a full
line of Waterman, Swan and other foun-
tain pens. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. •
Remember the qualities required for our
Judges. They are honesty, ability and
energy. M. C. Sloss has all of them. *.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 .Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50o per n> at Townsend'au*
A'.i.nrr.l'r.v- *"Ttfr Man From Mfsico."
California— "A Hindoo Hoodoo."
Or;<heum— Vau<>\ille.
Gran>5-oiH>rn Hou?e — "Tfc«» Knslsn."*
Alcazar — '"Tlw Curyican Brothers."
Tiv( !i— "The Jr«t»js."
Colujrbia— "Quo Va>i;s."
O!y:r.pia. oo'n«r Maaon and n.V3j- *tr«->»F— Specialties.
Chute*. V. • ¦ anj Theater — Vaudeville every afteraoon and
eve:; i p.; .
FIm !:»r'p— Vaudevil>.
Ta! iri's Theater— Vaudeville.
Putin Hatlit. — <)f»on nlslit«. .
AiiUSEiaiENTS.Miss K. Smith Will Pay Lengthy
Visit to Her Brother, Gen. J.
F. Smith, at Negros.
Mrs. General Fred Funston Goes
Out to Rejoin Her Husband
at the Seat of War.
ARMY OFFICERS' WIVES LEAVE
FOR MANILA ON THE GRANT
Their Sisters, Cousins and Aunts Were Down. to. See Them Away
and All of the Final Partings Were More or Less_Tearful.
TO SAIL.
Deprecates Reform Schools.
Mrs. Hattle N. Sager, a. nurse residing
at 222',4 Elm- avenue, applied to Judge
Dunne yesterday to have her son. Henry
Sagor, sent to the reform school. She
said the *. lad - .- .was incorrigible. Judge
Dunne, however,, refused to commit the
youngster. - saying . that life in a reform
school ordinarily meant social and moral
death.. He ordered the child placed In the
Boys' and Girls'- Aid Society for the
present. • .... - :;:
Bargains in Pictures.
200 more mid-framed pictures and panels
from 25 cents up to be closed out to make
room for fair goods. Everything marked
with' a red tap to be- sold at one-half oft
from the regular price. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Time Ball.
Branch Hj-drocraphic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
October 16. ,1900.
The time ball on. the tower of the new Ferry
building- wa« dropped at exactly noon to-day
1. e.. at noon of ' the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
< C. G. CALKINS, '
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in Charge.
NOTE— In the above exrosltlon of the tides
the earlr mornlnc tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
tlar in the order of occurrence as to time of
day. tho third tlm« column the third tide and
the last or right hand column Rive* the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the helpht. and
then tho number given is subtracted from tho
depth given by tho charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE,
Steamer Movements.
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five, minutes later than at Fort Point; tha
height of tide Is the Fame at both places.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 17.
Norton. Clarissa M. Keyes, Josephine
Dow, Katherine Smith, sister of General
J. F. Smith. Anna J. Xeale, Mrs.
Jesse M. Baker, Mrs. J. J. Emory. Mrs.
H. S. Wallace, Mrs. R. II. Brotherton.
Mrs. Dr. M. A. Probert, Mrs T L. S. Sor
ley and child, Mrs. R. Fergusson. Mrs.
Thomas M. Tongue and family, Mrs. F.
H. Bowen and child and Mrs. Captain
Ralph Flatt.'
The Grant got away from the wharf
about 12:13. but it was 2 p. m. before she
sailed. She took away forty-three civil
ians, six children, three female nurses,
one commissariat sercreajit, Fevcnty-four
members of the hospital corps and 507 re
cruits*. The officers in charge were Cap
tain Duboys, Forty-second Infantry; Lieu
tenant J. P. Hasson, Thirty-fifth Infan
try; Lieutenant F. M. Cutts, Eleventh
Cavalry: Lieutenant R. II. Tenner. Sixth
Artillery; Lieutenant E. B. Howell. Fili
pino Cavalry; Assistant Surgeons W. Ii.
McLaughlin, M. A. Proborl and W; J.
Lyster; Colonel M. C. Goodrell, United
States Marino Corps, ancl Major T. C.
Prince, quartermaster United States Ma
rine Corps.
Among the civilian passengers is the
Hon. Thomas II. Tongue, who, with his
family, goes as far as Honolulu. They
will make a tour of the islands, visit the
volcano and return in time for the elec
tion next month. Mr. Tongue is a Con
gressman from Washington.
A. Seale, a scientist connected 1 with the
Bishop Museum at Honolulu. Is also a
passenger, while Le Roy M. Edwards
goes to Manila to act us ofiicial stenog
rapher to the Collector of Internal Reve
nue.
The exodus of wives of army officers
in due to an order of the treasury allow
ing them to join their husbands in the
Philippines. Consequently all who could
possibly get away took their departure on
the Grant yesterday. Another crowd will
go on the steamer booked to leave on
November 1.
SLOCUM AND LUCKENBACH:.
Buns of the Two Tugs From New
York Compared.
Captain McCoy has every reason to be
proud of the time made by the new tup
Luckenbach from New York to San Fran
cisco. In elapsed time the Luckenbach
beats the Government tug fourteen days,
but in actual steaming time the Slocum
wins out by a small margin. The Slocum
Is nearly as big again as the Luckenbach.
so the time made by Captain McCoy is
all the more noteworthy.
The runs of the two tugs were:
Luckenbaeh— From New York, 72 days;
from Santa Lucia, C6 days; from Rio do
Janeiro, 41 days; from Coronel, 20 days,
and from Callao to San Francisco, 16 days.
Slocum— From New York, 86 days; from
St. Thomas, 78 days; from Pernambuco,
65 days; from Montevideo, 45 days; from
Callao, 16 days, via Acapulco 7 days.
It will be noted that the Luckenbach
and Slocum both made tne run from Cal
lao in sixteen days, but the Slocum put
in at Acapulco and lost a day in conse
quence. Nevertheless the run of the
Luckenbach is the best ever made from
ocean to ocean by a vessel of her size.
Captain Williams Discharged.
United States Court Commissioner Ilea
cock yesterday dismissed the charge
against Captain Bert Williams of the
whaler Balaena of cruelty on the high seas
preferred by Michael Brown, who accused
the captain of having triced him to the
rigging for being saucy.
The evidence was very conflicting and
Judge Keacock was of the opinion that a
conviction could not be had.
"Water Front Notes.
Tho Toyo Kisen Kaisha s America
Maru will sail for the Orient to-day. She
will call at Honolulu and as the Queen
(under charter to the Oceanic Steamship
Company) leaves for that port these two
cracks will have a chance to . try con
clusions. The Qu«^on . is considered the
fastest boat In the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company's oervice, while the Amer
ica Maru Is easily the best ship in tha
Toyo Klpen fleet. It will make an intr
estinff race.
The City of Peking was due yesterday
afternoon from the Orient, but the
chances are she was detained at Honolulu
by a rush of freight and will get In early
this morning?
Charters.
The Admiral Courbert will load wheat at
Portland for Europe; the S. C. Allen, mer
chandise for Honolulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday, October 16.
Stmr Westport, Erlckson, 22 hours from Bear
Harbor. . .
Stmr National City, Dettmera, 15 hours from
Fort Birec.
Ptmr Progreso, ZoIIing, 92 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Sunol. Green, 22 hours from Hardy.
Creek.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, 66V* hours from
Portland, via Astoria 5O',i hours.
Stmr Coos Hay, Nopander, 74 hours from
Newport (S), etc.
Stmr Eureka, Jensen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 56 hours from Coos
Bay.
Schr J B Leeds, Nielsen, 4 days from Eu
rfku.
Schr J G Wall, Jensen, 4 dayB from Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
• CLEARED.
Tuesday. October 16.
Etmr San Mateo, Fletcher. Xanalmo; P I Co.
Ship George Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
Ship Ersklne M Phelps. Graham, New York;
John Roswifeld's Sons.
Schr S T Alexander. Ipsen, Kahulul; Alex
ander & Baldwin. *
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 16.
U S stmr Grant, Schiller, Manila and Hono
lulu.
Stmr Santa Barbara (new), Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup, •Tacoma.
Stmr Gliisy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, Seattle.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, -Fort Bragg.
Br ship King George, Bennett. Queenstown.
Schr Daisy Rowe, .Nyman, Coos Bay.
POINT LOnOS, Oct 16, 10 p mp-Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 12 miles. ~
DOMESTIC PORTS
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct H-Schr Jennie The
lin, hence Sept 21.
Sailed Oct It— Stmr Del Xorte, for San Fran
f?AX PEDRO— Arrived Oct 16-Schr Jennie
Stella, from Grays Ha/bor.
PORT TOW.VSKXD-fl'assed up Oct 16— Schr
Mildred, hence Oct 2. for Seattle.
Arrived Oct 16 — Schr Corona, from Santa Ro
salia, for Seattle; Chil bark Latona, from Port
Blakeley.
Passed inward Oct 16— Stmr Humboldt, from
Dyca. i \
SOUTH BBXn— Sailed Oct 16— Schr Gctama.
for San Kranclsco.
Failed Oct 16— Stmr Rlvela, for San Fran
cisco.
VKXTI'UA— Arrived Oct 16— Barge Santa
Paula, hence Oct 14, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Alcazar,
for Snn Francisco.
NKWPORT— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 15-Stmr Pomona,
hence Oct 13.
Failed Oct 16— Stmr Brunswick, for San Fran
cisco.
XBAH BAT— Passed Oct 16-^Stmr Rainier,
hence Oct 13, for Seattle; ship Florence, from
.Honolulu, for Port Townscnd; echr Ethel Zane,
from San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Dlrlgo.
from Skagruay. Oct 1C— Stmr Humboldt, from
Alaska.
Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Farallon, for Skaguay.
FOREIGN' PORTS.
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 13— Br bark Cambus
doon, for Kan Francisco.
CAI.LAO-Sollcd Aug 81-Chil bark Fran
cisco Tozo, for Astoria.
GUAYAQUIIi-Salled Sept 27— Ger Btmr Ta
n!s, for Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 13— Br ship Beech
dale, for Vancouver.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Oct 15— Br ship Musko
ko, ?or Oreiron. • •
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Palled Oct 12— Br barlt
Invermark. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 12— Br stmr Queen
Adelaide, for Tncoma.
MANILA— Sailed Oct 15— Auff stmr Slam, for
San Francisco; Br *tmr Athenian, for .
Arrived Oct 15 — KOr stmr Federlca, hence
Sept 4. Oct le-^-Br stmr Westminster, hence
Sept 7.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived— Br bark High
lands, from Port Blakeley.
IQUIQUE— Arrived Oct H— Schr John D Tal
lant, from Vancouver. -
MAZATL AX— Sailed Oct 14-Stmr Peru, for
Ban FranclFco.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 18— G«r Btmr Serapls.
hence July 7.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 16— Br Btmr Em
press of Japan, from HongkonK.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 15-Stmr Mlnne
haha. from London; stmr Taurlc, from Liver
pool.
Sailed Oot 16— Stmr Deutschland, for Ham
bur/?, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; utmr Kal
perin Maria Theresa, for Bremen, via South
ampton: Btmr Bovic, for Liverpool; stmr Ser
vla, for Liverpool.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Serapis,
from San Francisco, etc.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
MANILA— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Belgian King,
for San Francisco.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Oct 17— Btmr Graf Wal
dersee. from Hamburg and Cherbourg, for
Xew York. •
LIZ ARD— Passed Oct 16— Stmr Pennsylvania,
from New York, for Plymouth, Cherbourg and
Hambursr.
BOSTON— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr BOstonlan,
from London.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Ems,.
from New York, for (Naples ¦ and Genoa, and
proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Oct 16 — Stmr
Latin, from New York, for Bremen.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States, Coast and Geodetic Survey—
SAILING OF THE ARMY TRANSPORT GRANT FOR MANILA WITH A NUMBER OF WIVES OP ARMY OFFI
CERS. A RECENT RULING OF THE WAR DEPARTMENT PERMITS WIVES AND RELATIVES TO JOIN
OFFICERS NOW IN THE PHILIPPINES. , *
and his master to run all ordinary rlak*
of the service, and this- includes the risk
of negligence upon the part cf a felioyv
nervant when he is acting in the dis
charge of his duty as a servant of him
who is the common master of both.""
The Injured employe therefore did not
recover anything. He hart assumed the
risk, so the court said, of any Injury hap
pening through ihe negligence of his fel
low employes. Of course a stranger can
recover ef a person who has injured him
or from his ¦ servants whiK» acting In his
master's employment. bo( ause he has not
assumed or expected that he would do
anything of the kind. But thi> court says
the rule is otherwise with respect to em
ployes.
In the years IS II ancl 1S4^ the courts in
this country were first required to decido
this -question. The first case arose in
South Carolina, the other In Massachu
setts. The latter case of Farwell vs. Bos
ton and Worcester Railroad Company 13
the leading case in the United States.
One reason for this is that Chief Justioa
Shaw, who gave the opinion of the court.
was and still Is regarded as one of the
most eminent on the roll of American
Jurists and many of his opinions are more
weighty than those written by less able
men. Although the cases mentioned hai
been previously decided, he said he
would consider the question as though it
had not been answered, and thus he rea
soned out the answer quite independently
of those who had done so before him. Yet
he came to the same conclusion. The casj
was that of an engineer who had been
injured through the negligence of a
switchman. In the South Carolina case
the court decided the question the same
way. two of the Judges, however, differ
ing from the majority. Thus the English
rule that an employer is not responsible
to an employe for an injury caused by a
>fellow-employe was adopted as the Ameri
can rule, and on the ground that the risk
was assumed when the employment waa
undertaken. This rule wan adopted by
one State after another until it came tj
be the rule everywhere.
There has been difficulty in trying to ap
ply It, as we shall soon lf-arrf. The reader
will bear in mind the words fellow
servant. An employer Is not liable to ono
of his servants for an Injury caused by a
fellow-servant. But who is a fellow-ser
vant? Are the conductor on a train anil
the engineer fellow-servants? Some courts
have s=aid they are; others that they are
not. In all those cases in which servants
are not thus related to each other the
master la liable to one of them through an
Injury caused by another. Just as he
would be to a stranger. The Priestly an I
Farwell cases and all others simply go In
this extent. And, as we shall see before
concluding these articles, there are raanv
cases In which servants have the same
employer but are not regarded* as fellow
servants. When they are not thus related,
the moat ancient of all rules, stated at tho
outset of this article, still applies, and the
master is liable for injuries nappening to
them as In the case of persona who ara
not employed^by him. With this state
ment of the most general of all rules de
fining the relations of employe and em
ployers the way is prepared for looking
more closely into their legal relations.
ALBERT S. BOLLE3.
University of Pennsylvania.
HOME STXTBY CIRCLE QTJE3IES.
Xote— This Is the first Installment of a series
of Interesting questions to be published In this
eclumn on Wednesday of each week.
1. What foreign capital is named for an
American President?
2. What foreign Queen married an
American?
3- What midshipman In the war of 1S12
became a noted admiral In the Civil War?
4. To what noted Englishman was the
name of "John Bull" first applied?
5. Which of Victoria's grandchildren are
descended from a hotel waiter?
6. What Queen was smuggled Into Cae
sar's presence in a roll of carpet carried
upon the back of a slave?
7. What city is called tne "Key of Rus
sia"?
8. What Roman Emperor was a Span
lard, raised from a farm to a throne?
9. For what statue was the Coliseum of
R'lmc nameil? •
10. AVhat famous p^cm was founded on
the Ullinsr of a sea bird?
11. What English Queen twice set a price
upon the head of her brother?
32. Which was the "Hundred - Gated
City"?
33. Who wrote "Alice In Wonderland"
over the pseudonym of "Lewis Carroll"?
II. Who designed our present flag with
thirteen stripes and a star for every
State?
15. AVhat celebrated American patriot
was killed by lightning?
16. What American has been called
Tils country's curse. h!« children's shame.
Outcast of virtue, peace and fame?
Note— The answers will be published on
Wednesday next.
BY ALBERT S. BOLLES. LL. D.
I.
Introduction.
We can hardly Imagine a subject of
greater practical Importance to the mil
lions of workers than the legal relations
existing between themselves and their
employers. If an operative in a factory
is Injured through the carelessness of an
other operative, can he recover anything
of his employer for having such a negli
gent operative? What is the employer's
duty in such a case? Can he employ, any
one he pleases without incurring any risk
for his inefficiency or negligence? What
kind of machinery can he use? Has he a
right to use any he pleases, however de
fective or dangerous it may be, without
rendering himself liable? Suppose a ma-
Chine is defective without his knowing It;
is he responsible for the consequences?
Again, if he promises to repair a machine
and does not. Is he liable for an Injury
that afterward happens? What Instruc
tions must he give to minors before set
ting them at their task, and what safe
guards or means of protection must he
use to prevent accidents? These and
many other questions of a similar nature
will be answered in this series of articles.
The great army of employers and em
ployed have a deep Interest in knowing
what their legal relations are.
• No principle of law is better known
than this— that no man Is responsible for
the acts of others. No principle is more
obvious or more In harmony with the
general sense of justice.
Liability of a Master for the Acts of
« His Servant.
Tet there 1b one great exception to this
rule. A master or employer is liable for
the wrongful and negligent acts of his
servant or employe which are done while
pursuing his master's business. Of course,
his master Is not liable for every act. but
only for those that are within the scops
of his business. For these, however, he
has long been held liable, nor is there any
escape for him. For example, if a coach
man while driving his master's hors*3
should drive negligently and run into an
other carriage and Injure it his employer
would be obliged to pay for the injury
on the ground that he ought not to em
ploy, such a coachman.
The story Is told of an eminent lawyer,
Lord Abinger, that one day when his
coachman was driving his horses became
very wild, and Abinger feared unpleasant
and costly consequences. So he shouted
out to the coachman, "Drive into some
thing cheap." Few, Indeed, are those who
combine so much law and coolness. If an
accident must happen, for which he knew
by the law he would be obliged to pay.
he would rather pay a small sum than a
larsre one. and consequently the order.
This doctrine of the responsibility of the
master for the acts of his servant is best
known in,the.form of a Latin maxim, re
spondent superior. In the Roman law it
was applied to the head of a family, be
cause neither his son nor slave could be
sued and made responsible. The pater
familias only could be sued. But with us
all have equal personal rights and liabili
ties.' Nevertheless, this rule taken from
the Roman law is still the rule existing in
England and America, although the rea
son for its existence does not exist either
In English or American society. Let us
not forget, though, that the master Is re
sponsible for those acts only that are done
"by his servant within the scope of his
business: When he departs from this- he
and he only is answerable for his conduct,
as much as though he had no master.
The Case of Priestly vs. Fowler.
Such was the rule of law determining
the relation between master and servant
until 1S37. when Lord Abinger decided the
case of Priestly against Fowler, which
has caused far more suits and legal dis
cussion than any other case in the wide
realm of law. Priestly was a servant of
Fowler, who was a butcher. Fowler re
quested him to go with some goods In a
van that was driven by another sen-ant.
Priestly went as he was bidden, but the
van was overloaded, broke down and
Priestly was thrown off and badly in
jured. So he sued his master and tried to
recover, for the injury that had been
caused through the negligence of .another
servant in Fowler's employ. Lord Ab
lnger In rendering his judgment said th.it
ii a master was to be held liable to his
servant in this action the principle would
extend to an alarming degree. . "If ,the
owner of the carriage is responsible for
the sufficiency of his carriage to his ser
vant he is responsible for the negligence
of his coachmaker. or hl3 harnensmaker
or his coachman. The footman, therefore,
who rides behind the carriage may have
an action against his master for a defect
in the carriage owing to the negligence of
the coachmaker. or for a defect in the
harness arising from the negligence of the
harnessmaker, or for drunkenness, neelect
or want of skill In the coachman." Lord
Abinger then declared that if the master
was or ought to be held liable in these
cases the principle holding him so would
extend his liability to many others. "The
master, for example, would be liable to
the servant for the negligence of the
chambermaid for puttlnp him into a damp
bed: for that of the upholsterer for send
ing in a crazy bedstead, whereby he was
made to fall down while asleep and Injure
himself; for the negligence of the cook in
not properly cleaning- the copper vessel*
used in the kitchen: of the butcher In
supplying the family with meat of a qual
ity injurious to the health; of the builder
for a defect in the foundations of the
house, whereby It fell and Injured both
the master and the servant by the ruins."
The learned Judge thought that the incon
venience, not to say absurdity, of these
consequences afforded a sufficient argu
ment against holding the master liable in
such cases.
The court then went on to say that the
relation of master and servant never can
Imply an obligation on thr- part of the
master to take more care of his servant
than of himself. "He is no doubt bound
to provide for the safety of his servant
in the course of his employment to the
best of his judgment. Information and be
lief." A servant is not bound to risk his
safety in his master's service and may.
If he fears injury, decline to serve. In
short, the court declared that "to allow
this sort of action to prevail would be an
encouragement to the servant to omit
that diligence and cnutlon which he Is in
duty bound to exercise on the behalf of
his "master to protect him against the
misconduct or negligence of others who
serve him."
The Limit of a Master's Liability.
"Thus, while a master Is responsible to
another for tho neglect or misconduct 1 of
his servant while exercising his employ
ment, he Is not liable to one servant for
the neglect or misconduct of a fellow
servant. This Is the principle decided In
this famous case, and we have plven the
full reasoning of the court because it lies
at the foundation of all the law on this
subject. The case has been cited thou
sands of times, and our readers should
understand It before going- further. They
may indeed think the rule ought to be
otherwise, but we may remark that in
this series of articles we shall not ven
ture on the inquiry what ought to be the
legal relations between employed and em
ployers, but simply Reek to show what
the existing relations are. Thus we shall
not consider theories or indulge in any
Ideas of our own concerninz what the
law ought to be: our task Is a very dif
ferent on"— to" show how the courts in the
different States have defined the rights
and liabilities of employers and their em
ployes In the numerous cases that have
come before them.
The question did not come up again in
England for thirteen years. Then it arose
in the case of a railroad collision, and' a
railroad was sued by one of Its servants
for an injury caused by the collision of
its trains. The court declared the ques
tion to be whether the railroad company
was liable for the injury happening to
one of its own servants by the collision
while traveling In one of its carriages in
discharge of his duty as a servant. Un
doubtedly it would be liable to a passen
ger who had paid his fare: would the
same rule apply to one of its own serv
ants? This was the question, and it was
decided in the negative. The court, after
giving all the reasons for their judgment
stated the rule in the following words:
"A servant when he enrages to serve a
master undertakes- as between himself
WHO ARE OUR FELLOW-SERVANTS?
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
LAW LESSONS: E.J*\ F»LO-VEF?S f\ N D EMPLOYES.
THE.SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, : WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1900.
There was an exodus of array officers'
wives, sisters, cousins and aunts on the
transport Grant yesterday. Never In the
history of the sen-ice was there a more
tearful leavetaklng and the gong had to
be sounded three times before the vessel
could be cleared. Even then she had to
be anchored In the stream in order that
the treasure to pay the men might be put
aboard. Among the ladies who went away
on the steamer were: Mrs. General Funs
ton and sister, Mrs. Lieutenant Roach,
Mrs. Captain E. A. Miller and children,
Mrs. Captain Allbrlght, Mrs. Lieutenant
Chapman and children, Mrs. McCaskey,
Mrs. J. Clark, Mrs. W. A. Randall, Mrs.
Lieutenant Laubach and child, Mrs. How
ard, Mrs. Alice M. Farmer, Misses Mary
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
Sun rises 6"20
Sun sets !!5:S0
Moon rtfes 0:50 a. m.
(3 Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o I- W £ II W L. W H "W
17,.. 0:46 1.0 7:« 4.9 1:37 "^6 7:20 4.4
IS... 1:32 1.1 8:22 5.1 2:27 2.1 8:23 4.5
19 ... 2:16 1.4 8:B6 5.2 3:0S 1.6 9:1« 4 5
20... 2:53 1.6 9:29 5.4 3:45 1.2 10:05 4.6
21 ... 3:25 1.8| 9:57 5.5 4:13 0.8 10:50 4.fi
22... 3:55 2.1110:23 5.5 4:4". 0.4 11:35 4.5
23... 4:20 2.4 10:50 6.5 5:20 0.2
Steamer. J From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
, . , 1 _
State California Portland.. Oct. 17
Tltanla Nanalmo Oct. 17
Dot.Norte Portland Oct. IS
Iaqua Eureka Oct. IS
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 18
Corona San Diego Oct. IS
Mlneola Tacoma Oct. 18
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 18
IUval WlUapa Oct. 19
"\V. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Oct. Id
Umatllla .'. Victoria Oct. 19
Alameda Australia Oct. 19
Peru ....... N>w York Oct. 20
Honlta Newport Oct. 20
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 21
Rureka Humboldt Oct. 21
Crescent City... Crescent City...- Oct. 22
Columbia Portland Oct. '22
Santa Rosa.. "... San Dioffo Oct. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 23
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 24
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 24
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Q. Dollar.. Grays Harbor Oct. 17. 5pm|Pier~2
Amer Mara China & Japan Oct. 17, 1 pm PMSS '
Quern Honolulu Oct. 17. 2 pm Pier 7
Alliance ... Portland Oct. IS. 9 am PlefciM
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 18, 12 m Pier 19
Ccob Hay... Newport Oct. 18, 9 am Pier it
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 18. 10 am Pier U
North Fork Humboldt Oct. IS, 9 am Pier 1
Walla W... Victoria Oct. 18. U am Pier 9
City Para.. New. York Oct. 18, 12 m PMSS
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 20, 2 pm Pier* 9
State Cal.. Portland...... Oct. 20, ll am Pier 24
Corona .... Pan DleRO Oct. 20, 11 am Pier 11
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Oct. 20
nival Wlllapa Oct. 22. '. pi er
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 22. 2 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport Oct. 22. 9 am Pier 11
Umntilla .. Victoria Oct. 23. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Dlepfo Oct. 24, 11 am Pier 11
Sun rises 6"20
Sun sets !!5:S0
Moon rtfes 0:50 a. m.
(3 Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o I- W £ II W L. W H "W
17,.. 0:46 1.0 7:« 4.9 1:37 "^6 7:20 4.4
IS... 1:32 1.1 8:22 5.1 2:27 2.1 8:23 4.5
19 ... 2:16 1.4 8:B6 5.2 3:0S 1.6 9:1« 4 5
20... 2:53 1.6 9:29 5.4 3:45 1.2 10:05 4.6
21 ... 3:25 1.8| 9:57 5.5 4:13 0.8 10:50 4.fi
22... 3:55 2.1110:23 5.5 4:4". 0.4 11:35 4.5
23... 4:20 2.4 10:50 6.5 5:20 0.2
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Q. Dollar.. Grays Harbor Oct. 17. 5pm|Pier~2
Amer Mara China & Japan Oct. 17, 1 pm PMSS '
Quern Honolulu Oct. 17. 2 pm Pier 7
Alliance ... Portland Oct. IS. 9 am PlefciM
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 18, 12 m Pier 19
Ccob Hay... Newport Oct. 18, 9 am Pier it
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 18. 10 am Pier U
North Fork Humboldt Oct. IS, 9 am Pier 1
Walla W... Victoria Oct. 18. U am Pier 9
City Para.. New. York Oct. 18, 12 m PMSS
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 20, 2 pm Pier* 9
State Cal.. Portland...... Oct. 20, ll am Pier 24
Corona .... Pan DleRO Oct. 20, 11 am Pier 11
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Oct. 20
nival Wlllapa Oct. 22. '. pi er
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 22. 2 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport Oct. 22. 9 am Pier 11
Umntilla .. Victoria Oct. 23. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Dlepfo Oct. 24, 11 am Pier 11
Steamer. J From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
, . , 1 _
State California Portland.. Oct. 17
Tltanla Nanalmo Oct. 17
Dot.Norte Portland Oct. IS
Iaqua Eureka Oct. IS
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 18
Corona San Diego Oct. IS
Mlneola Tacoma Oct. 18
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 18
IUval WlUapa Oct. 19
"\V. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Oct. Id
Umatllla .'. Victoria Oct. 19
Alameda Australia Oct. 19
Peru ....... N>w York Oct. 20
Honlta Newport Oct. 20
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 21
Rureka Humboldt Oct. 21
Crescent City... Crescent City...- Oct. 22
Columbia Portland Oct. '22
Santa Rosa.. "... San Dioffo Oct. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 23
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 24
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 24
¦¦¦.¦-
If you want to vote for an honest, able,
energetic candidate, vote for M. C. Sloss
for Superior Judge. •
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-XIGHT, Friday. Saturday Evenings,
"THE JEWESS."
Suns by Lueentt. Llchter. Stewart and Barren
Bcrthald Farewrll Appearances).
Thursday, Sunfia^ NISfata and Saturday
Matinee,
' "CARMEN."
The Great t>!va COLLAMAEINI a* CARMEN.
IiUSSO. FALASSA. REPETTO. N'ICOLINI.
BCHUSTEB IN THE CAST.
POPULAR PRICE? 25c and DOc
Telephone Bush ?.
FrEHAL-THfRSDAT AFTERNOON. Oct. 25,
GRAND SYMPHONY CONCERT.
r<.r#>ctlon of MAX BIIISCHFEXD. Orchestra
tr €0. St-ats mi sale THURSDAY. Sherman,
Jay & Cot's t^tnre.
SECOND GREAT WEEK
ETKBT NIGHT (EXCEPT SUNDAY)
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE ONLY REAL
Tht; Original London. New York and Chicago
Production.
thf: best plat, the best players.
the most imposing production'.
PRICKS.-. £I.5O. 91. 75c. OOe. 25c
I I II I I !»¦¦!> I JJ«-,~. J. |,
...TO-NIGHT...
AND ALL THIS WEEK, MATINEE SATUR-
DAY. Whltlnr & Willis' Comedians In
the Pclite Comedy Classic,
A H I N D GO HOODOO
CociTr.enclr.e Next Sunday Afternoon.
T WH. H. Y/EST'S BIG MINSTREL JUBILEE.
Po*it1vp]y th* bifre^t fhow that Mr. West
has ever brought to the Pacific Coast.
TltE PEST EVER.
TO-NIGHT An > d vf££ IRE
Bflanptaooa Spectacular Production.
THE
CORSIGAN
BROTHERS!
A(5ar*ed by Howard Hall From Alexander
Imtr.as" Novel.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Wffk, an Original Romantic Drama —
"A SOLDIER OF THE EMPIRE."
GRAND OPE! PA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEWF^Mi?^ W Eafe- ¥ PANY
ONLY THIS WEEK
William Haworth'B Great
Patriot Iff Naval Drama
THE ENSIGN
Next We<k-MAUAlin SANS GENE!
— EVENING TRICES l«e. 15«\ S5o. 5Oc.
A F*-w Front Rows in Orchestra 75c.
MATINEE PRICES lOe. 15c. 25c. 50c.
No Hicher
Hranch Ticket Office— Emporium.
¥Am^sjEkS^jm^jMmbM
Alf EllinKhoui"*. Proprietor and Manager.
Phone South 770
Every Erwdm This Week. Mat. Saturday.
¦THEY COMi: WITH JUNKERS WAVING."
FLAYING TO STAKDISO KOOM.
TO SEE
THE MAN FROM MEXICO
That Funny Farce Is Repeating Its Former
Record.
WITH GEORGE C. HONIFACE JR. and a
£.-!«>ot Comedy Caet..
First Time at Popular Prices.
Evening 15c, 25c, £>C 50c an<l 75c
Matir.f-c lie, 2T>e. S5c and 50c
Nex; Punday Afternoon. Another Stellar At-
traction From New York— "BROWN'S IX
TOWN." ,
CHUTES AND^00. E -7 E^sr
THE COINGO^ FAMILY,
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-MORROW RIGHT -THE AMATEUHS
IN A HEW FEATURE.
TeWihone for Seats Park 23.
FFSrHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
J. Wcrren Keene. Alice Raymond, MIm May-
1 l*l!e. Mae Tunieon, nudtra Forde. O«oar Lie-
Itol^rt Eilih. Antonio Vargas, Harold
Tt.i*ford ana New Moving Pictures.
Kfycrved Seats, 20c; Matlner Sunday.
Weekly" Call. 81 per Year
Q. What- is- Warner's. Safe Cure? P
<5 A. A scientific liquid vegetable preparation. 2*
** Q- How long, has it Seen in use? jg
gs . A. Publicly twenty-one years, and in all parts of g
Tg the civilized world. g»
fS Q. What does it cure? g
A. All forms of Kidney, Liver and Bladder Dis- g
cases. SE
Q. Are many cures vouched for ? 5p
A. Nearly one million unsolicited testimonials from g»
men and women in. all walks of life are on file. ¦£
3 Q. Is it pleasant to -the taste ? 5*
g A. Exceptionally so, and perfectly safe to take by g
young or old, under any and all conditions. g^
5 Q. Where can it be procured. g
§ * A. . Of all druggists. _ The largest bottle and the S
2g greatest benefit It is the_ kidney and liver medicine g
of the -world to-day. 5~
_t» WFree wnple of Warner's Safe Cure sent on application. St
* ' Address, Warner's Safe Cure Co.. Rochest.T, K. Y. »c
WABNER'S REMEDIES.
AMUSEMENTS.
VAUDEVILLE HARD TO BEAT !
MATIXEE TO-DAT. "WEDNESDAY. OCT. 17.
Parquet, 23c. any seat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part except reserved. ,
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND, EiDGAR
ATCHISON - ELY, RAUCHLE,
TWIN HALE SISTERS, TOM
NAWN & CO., THE GREAT
EVEEHAET, EDDIE GIRARD
AND JESSIE GARDNER, WILLIS
FAMILY, BIOGRAPH.
FABBRI'S -THKATER
(ODD FELLOWS' HALL.)
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 17, 1900.
Immense Success of Our New Enterprise.
The week's programme will consist of a de-
lightful farce comedy. AN OPERETTA BY
OFFENBACH, together with an olio of spe-
cialties, dances, songs and sketches of rare
mt-rit by a host of eminent artists. Every Fri-
day evening OERMAS PERFORMANCE by a
splendid company of players. Popular prices —
Sc and We. Box sheet at the theater.
SUTRO B«THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathln* From 7 a. m. to 10 p.. xti.
ADMISSION* me. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing. tm-lU'Hr.g admission. £¦>: Children. 20c.
CASH OR CREDIT.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INSPECT OUR PRICES.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open' EvenlncB. « Near Powill.
MEN
\&@ f sZa® LOST VIGOR
UHtf RESTORED I
v«K&k Ciller write for b»ok, fr»».
8Pw^% DB. COOPER & CO.,
WzsfczzftSm . 318 Keirny 8trwt.
l|£g^l r \^'.^'_iaiy ' Ean Francisco. Cal.
patents! > J
330 MARKET ST. SI.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 603 Cal.. CTunle bd.
COAL. COKE AJND PIO IROX
J f ttll CAV & C(\ M* Bat^ry Street
JW Y"» IL3Ui> 5 LU-, Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
CW pn! P Plumbing. Steamboat and
• n- JiUllll. ghlp Work a ispeelalty. \i and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main UiU
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WAES.
Electrical Engineer. 36 East it
FRRSH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RflYFS fc TO EnlpptnB Butcher*. NX
JA3- DUICJtt tJ- clay. Tel Main 1MI.
OALVAMZINO AND METALS.
M 42,t5 St?i"". ln M ' talB * Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 815 Howard it.
METAL. — —
E w r f , U^° tr^ e and 'tereotTPe metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First it.. San Francisco.
— _
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front »t.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS.
Cj-Hnder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Ml"lne
Candle*. C G. CLINCH & CO.. » Front. S. P.
PRINTINQ. '
F C HUflRFS ' PRINTER.
C» V- I1UU11C3, 511 Sani»ome »t.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE 1I1CKS-JUDD CO..
* TZ First >t. Ban Fra n -I sco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Ttl cS£ h>c PARTRIDCE ""gaSf"
WHIIfi ASH STEAM COAL, SgSgSS
I»AMONT> COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
UIVER COLLIERIES, is the Beat Coal in the
market. Office and Yards— CO Main street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DONT be bashful
Atjout stating your preference as to the
laundering of any particular article. If
you like more starch— or less starch— in
your linen, be kind enough to tell us. and
you will get just -what you want. In
short, we mean that we are under obli-
gations to you if you criticize where crit-
icism Is due— you'll admit that this Is sel-
dom the case.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts, It
you order It. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1O04- Market Street
. Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Off Ice— 62 San Pablo Ave.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The b«*t evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found in the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them thetr h?aJ-
quartrro when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on tb»
American and European plan.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored D7
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
tuit. 3. ISPIO : tfiw Tori, E. FOUGSftA * CJ.
SOLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS.
K£W WESTERN tiOTEt,
KEAHNTY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European pfan. Rooms. i>0c to il iO day;
$5 to }S week; S4 to 120 month. Free baths; hot
ana cold water every room; fire crates la every
room: elevator runs all Bixbk.Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 81H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85 ,
Sterling Cables — * 86/
New York Kxchange. sight — , 07*4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 62»i
Mexican Dollars, nominal E0V4 @ 51
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16— Tho stock market to
<!ny demonstrated convincingly how the large
Fhort interest had Jx>en eliminated in the course
of yesterday's wholesale demand for stocks
tr.a the purporting influence of this element
deprived the bull pools of a very effectual
fnuw of strength. The campaign for the rise
vat by no means abandoned. On the contrary
very Powerful and resourceful efforts were
made toward continuing the upward movement
of price*. The notable bujing ol the day was
in t'nton Pacific, in which transfers of IOC;,
lioo and even 3flOO share lotn were frequently
recorded on the tape. It was the advance jr.
prl"e* that brought out thcue offerings and
they w<?re confidently absorbed by the brokeis
having the advance in charge. On the frt?
•juerit traction? the volume of dealings both
in this Ftuck and in otherv which were manipu
lated for a ris- fell away notably, leading to
recurrent perils of dullness during the day.
Norfolk and Western gave most conspicuous
«"\1<ienc« of *-iricert<"<l efforts for a rise next
to l/ni<-in I'aclftr. Hut these movements by the
l<uil party <51<J not become prominent until
alter very lanre selling to realize had been
aocompllFhed. The fart of the nrst
hour way {riven up to furious activity and a
fonw»t.at wavering upward movement, mark
ing the feeing of outside demand by those who
had accumulated ptocks at the lower level.
The taking of profit* during this period mubt
have been on a very larxe scale. The sub
wiuent tSfortF to resume the td.anre met with
a number of drawbacks and the heavy under
tone of the market gained force at the da>
progressed. The closing was distinctly heavy.
with prices b«-iow the best and net losses in
»nif lm].onajit stocks while the striking net
fraln* wire confined to comparatively few cases.
1'anly as a cause ar.d partly as an effect
there was a recurrence of some of the de
pressing sentiments regarding the speculative
feature* which have long overhung the market.
The fact emerged with some cleaj-ners that
th»- large short interest which was driven to
cover yesterday had b«en actuated to take the
b«>ar *!de by drawing aa analog)' with ths
correF|»ori<5ir.K period In the -&st Presidential
campaign, w h«-n the Etock market wa* vio
lently dl«arl>e<J and rapldlr declining. The
(¦udd«-n brightening in the money outlook by
reacon r.f Saturday's bank eUKement and the
gild imsK.rt movement gave the bulls an op
jiortunity' for a swift turn against their op
pinit-r.'.i'. There was some positive weakness in
People's Gu as a rrsult of the proposition for
municipal control of the selling price of the
prr^Jurt. and tome of the steel stock! gave
evidence of the depression. There were reces
sions in the anthracite coalers on the delay of
U» btrlke settlement. These and other like
Xm. 1 York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady ; No. 3 spring wheat, 69@75Vic; No. 2
red. 74^<376 1 4c; No. 2 corn. 4U*c; No. 2 yellow.
4Ui<341 > /4c; No. 2 oats, 21Hc; No. 2 white, 24@
24&c; No. 3 white. 2ZV*<Sioc; No. 2 rye, 52c; good
feeding barley, 41c: fair to choice malting, 47e$
59c: No. 1 naxsced, $1 75; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 76@1 76V4; prime timothy seed, $4 10@4 15;
mess pork, per barrel, $12 00912 75; lard, per 100
pounds, $6 &2%?6 SO; short ribs sides (loose),
$7 20@7 40: dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6'/i@
6Hc; short clear Fides (boxed), $7 37%@7 60;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; Sugars, cut
loaf. 6.60c; granulated. 6.10c; confectioners' A,
5.85c; off A, 5.83c; clover, contract grade, $10 23.
Articles— I Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 32.000
Wheat, bushels 222,000 75,000
Com, bushels 53.000 825,000
Oats, bushels .421,000 ' '398,000
Rye, bushels 1,000 8,000
Barley bushels ;.. 206,000 25,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
October ....: 73T4 74 73',4 73%
November 74>4 74% 74 74^g
Ltecember 75 75% 74% -75%
Ccrn No. 2—
October 41 41% 40»i 4U*
November S7% 3SH 87% 38'*
December 35H 35»4 35Vi 35%
Oats No. 2—
October 21% 21% 21H 21%
November 21% 21H 21H 21%
December 21% 22^ 21% 22^
Mess pork, per barrel—
Octcber 16 00
November 10 S2^ 1100 10 fTi 1100
January 11 22»i 1132^ 11 22',4 11 27&
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 6 82\s 6 MM 6 75 6 75.
November 6 &2H 6 ?2',4 6 75 6 75
January 6 E7V4 6 60 6 55 6 57',4
Short ribs, per 1C0 pounds —
October 6 SO 6 90 6 87*4 6 90
November 6 30 6 32V4 6 30 6 30
January 5 97% 6 00 5 95 6 00
CHICAGO, Oct. lfi.— The most activity in
wheat was at the start. A 1% drop at Ham
burg and unexpected steadiness at Liverpool
gave rise to Irregular opening, December be
ing quoted in the first movement all the way
from 74°i to 75c. The Liverpool steadiness
proved to be the most Influential factor, how
ever, as the crowd was largely short owing to
yesterday's operations and the Liverpool atti
tude caused them some uneasir.eps. The re
opening of mills at Minneapolis and the sale
of a cargo at Antwerp, the nrst in sixteen
months, were a later Influence. Trade, how
ever, was largely local. The buying was large
ly quiet and In a moderate way by shorts,
bulls making only an occasional Investment.
Outside trade as uuual was painfully prominent
by its absence. December slowly advanced
from the opening to 73%c. The advance caused
some profit taking, December I4'8'%c higher.
Corn was moderately active and firm. De
cember closed Vfcc higher at 35V4^35%c.
Oats were t^ulet but firm. December closed
\ic up at 22Hc.
Provisions started easy and were somewhat
Irregular later, but concluded the session fairly
Fteody. lies receipts over the estimate and
lower prices at the yards were discouraging
factors early, and heavy selling o£ November
lard early weakened the whole list. The grain
strength later caused a recovery, but this was
mostly lost on profit-taking. January pork
closed 2V4c higher, lard 2',4c lower and ribs a
shade down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
City and County of San Francisco to Hart
land Law. lot on 9 line of Turk street. 137:4
W of Larkin. W 137:6 by S 137:8; .
Mary Kelly to Robert Kelly, all interest In
lot on S line of Green street. 149 E of Van
Ness avenue. S S5:2T6. NE 31, N 70, W 25; gift.
Estate of William Mangan (by Thomas Man
can, administrator) to James Carroll, lot on
NE corner of Webster and Grove streets. Q
37:6 by N 82: $3000.
Charles Alpers and J. G. W. Schulte (surviv
ing trustees of Germanla Savings and Building
Union) to Carl Jantzen, lot on W line of Web
ster street. 33:6 N of Waller. N 52 by W 100; $10.
Carl and Hannah C. Jantzen to J. G. W.
Echulte, same; $10.
J. G. W. and Minna Schulte to William
Hears lot on W line of Webster street, 53:6 N
of Waller. N 2S by W 100; $10.
Julia M. Felge (widow) and Henry Feige Jr.
(single) to Henry A. Moore lot on W line of
Sanchez street. 51:6 N of Elizabeth. N 25 by
W 100; $10.
Isadora Jones to John B. Blzzano, lot on Jf
line of Green street, 50:3 E of Mason. E 25 by
N 97:6; $4000.
James H. Pooler to Charles and Mamie Mitch
ell lot on N line of Filbert street. 42:8 E of
Jones, E 20 by N 120; $10.
Julia A. Holm to Margaret Nolan, lot on 3
line of Eddy street. 37 :« E of Hyde. E 25 by •
S 87:6: $10-
Felix Mullan to Frank Mullan, undivided one
nuarter of lot en NW line of Folsom street, 200
SW of First. SW 23 by NW 73; $10.
Arthur and Annie Mullan to Joseph Mullan.
lot on SE line of I_>e Boom street. 179:8 NE ot
Second NE £0:6 by SB SO: $10.
William W. Cleveland to Marcla B. Cleve
land (wife), lot on E line of Fifth 'avenue. 123
N of Lake street. N 30 by E 120; gift.
William H. and Georglna Uuckler to same.
8a Fr«lerick W. Herring to Richard Herring
Jr.. lot on E line of California avenue, 75 N
of Stoneman street, N 23 by E 80. lot 63,
CLeesman's map 1. Preclta Valley lands; $10.
William Hilling or Helleng to Julia Hilling
or Helleng. lot on E line of Paris street. 150 3
of Russia avenue. E 100 by S 150, Excelsior
Homestead; gift.
Richard ar.d Mary Miller to Charles A. Peter
son lot on E line of Seigel street. 25 8 of Pow
nattan. S 50 by E 70, lota 426 and 42S. gift map
1; *i3wx £j amc( ia, County.
James T. Eccleston to Niels P. and Hans F. "
Porensen. lot on W line of Pine street. 85 N
of Seward. N 60 by W 95, being a portion of
lots 21 and 22. block 4C2. Oakland; $10.
Melitta C. Day to E. O. Dulsenbers. lot on
SW corner of Howard and Montgomery streets.
W 60 by S 10O. being lots 40 and 41. block lo.
on map resubdlvlslon blocks 10 and 11, Howo
Tract. Oakland: flO. _•¦ ¦"__-- »>
H. F. and Anna G. Hobson, Tnomaa and
Catharine Fanning, Michael anil Delia Casey
to Nathan Hurt, lot on SE line of Moss avenue,
277 02 NE from NE line of country road. Oak
land to San Lean.lro. NE 40. SE 126.42. SW 40.
NW 125. S3 to beginning lot 25. block A. Amended
Map Moss Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Bertha and James E. Murphy to E. A. C.
Postel. Tot on N line of San Jose avenue 220
E of Willow street. B 40 by N 150. being a
portion of lota 5 and 6. block L. on Map of
Property Pioneer Homestead Association, Ala
tneua; $10.
Maria L. Avellar (wife of Jo3e J.) to Manuel
Madres, lot on SW line of First street I5i)
NW of t>. NW 30. SW 73.14. SE 30.15." NES
70.C54 to beginning. Town of Haywards *E4en
Township; $10. J
F. A. and Mae G. Losh to E. O. Dulsenbera
lot on S line of Thirtv-slxth. street. 281 25 E of
Market. E 35 by S 120.23. being the E S5 feet
oakVSor^* t0 MeUUa c ***' w
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Pieiron warrants wen; dull at $9 50<gl0;
spelter, quiet, at $4 10!&"4 15; lead, dull, at
$4 37 l ;c: lake copper was dull at $16 75<S17. The
brokers" price for lead was $4 and for copper
$16 S7Vic.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The market for metals
was generally dull and without special new
feature of importance. In sympathy with an
Improvement In price abroad, the local market
for tin held steady at ?2S Zo<iJ2S 10. The rebt
of the list were entirely nominal.
New York Metal Market.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common
were quoted at 4{/*.e; prime, 4%'gSVic; choice,
SH'fiGc; fancy. 6'f/SHc.
California dried fruits were dull but steady
at unohar.Kfd prices.
PRUNES— ViftShic per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. llffiHc: Moorpark, lr.fllSc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 10fj20c; unpeeled, 633c.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1(5.— The market for evap
orated apples was not particularly active and
he!d quite steady on light offerings throughout
the day at fully sustained prices.
DRIED FRUITS
EGGS— Receipts. 12,632 packages. Firm: West
ern regular packing at mark. 16@19c; Western,
loss off, 21c.
COFFEE— Spot, dull; No. 7 invoice, 8%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, Sii5?14c. Futures— Closed
firm at a net rise of 10^115 points. Total sales,
9750 bags, including: November. $7 10; Decem
ber. $7 30; January. $7 35; March, $7 3507 40;
May. $7 45; July, J7 W.
SUGAR— P.aw. steady; fair refining, 4*4c;
centrlfucal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 4c.
Refined, steady.
HITTER— Receipts, 3275 packages. . Steady;
creamery. 18'?i22c; June creamery, lS?T21c; fac
tory, 13fv 16c. r
NKW YORK. Oct. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts. 33.
15S barrels: exports. 23.99S barrels. Sales, S250
packages. Steadier and rather more active on
choice prade«, but otherwise dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 130,325 bushels; exports,
4S.000. Spot— Steady: No. 2 red, 79Uc f. o. b.
afloat and 78c elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth,
S4-«c f. o. b. anoat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 87^c
f. o. b. afloat. Options— Were generally firm
and higbtr all day, Ftimulatod by an absence
of liauldation, considerable buying on the re
action theory, firmer cables, a good Northwest
ca?h demand and local covering, closed firm,
at %<&Hc net advance. March. S2V(?S3 l .ic, closed
S3c; May, 83<gS3%c, closed S3Vic; October, closed
77^c; December, 79 S-16@80c, closed 79%c.
HOPS— Cuiet.
HIKES— Steady.
The Following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 54 Los Angeles 78
blooat Tamalpais 75 Sacramento 56
Independence 78 San Luis Oblspo S2
Ked BluJT S'.':5an LKego 6€
Fresnu SS !
San Francisco U^ta— Maximum temperature,
Cl; minimum, 45; mean. iS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific
Elope quite rapidly during the past 24 hours. It
Ss highest over the Rocky Mountain region and
lowest in Arizona.
The tenip«-raiure has fallen slightly along
the immediate coast and risen over the in
terior.
The weather Is ger.era.Ily cloudy from Cen
tral California northward over the Pacific
t^tatef. foggy along the Central California
oout and clear in the ?an Jr^quln Valley,
Southern California and the plateau region.
Fun-cart mp.de at San Francisco for Z'<i hours
ending midnight. October 17, IS>00:
Northern California — Cloudy in north portion,
probably with showers in tbe extreme north;
partly cloudy in south portion Wednesday;
<-<>oler In the Sacramento Valley; light Bouth
wert wind.
S<juth*-rn California— Fair Wednesday; light
ven wind.
Nevada— Fair W*>dne?<Jay.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
San Prano'.so and vicinity — Generally cloudy
trtggy Wednesday night; light southwest
wind. G. H. WILLSOX,
Local Forecast Official.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 16, 5 p. m
Weather Report.
National Income and Outgo.
The Government receipts for the flr*t three
months of the f.scal year corrrare as fellows*
1RSS. l»rt).
r-Uf-tnms ir.fi.C3S.ro? J6n.8vT.;S3
Internal revrr.ue 7C.924.20C 7G.rH42.S6J
Mis-ceHaneous S>i3,*61 7.51S.C96
Tr**l J141.306.F76 J14».S4S.r»3
The Jishursr-rnfRtF for the eame Interval
cmnparo wt follows:
1W. 1X0.
Civil $27.^4.:.12 $32.m.«41
War 44.Sl2.Ss5 4S.2''2.U>9
Navy 14. 426.064 15.60S.E1J
Indians 2.r^«.J'M 2,S49.32n
Pensions 37,0S".677 36.. r .'.S.s:,7
Intert-st 13.130,341 8.2U.6S2
Total I1SS.SC2.773 S143.649.S22
Climate and Crop Conditions.
A. O. McAdie. California section director of
the climate and crop service of the Weather
nurtau. makes the following report for the
wet k :
"The temperature has been nearly normal
durir.g the week, end in the northern part of
the State conditions have been generally favor
able 'or fruit dryi!;s and raisin making; In the
central nad souihrra pertiurs cool weather,
viti. considerable cloudiness, has prevailed.
&n<l has retarded this work. Light rain has
ikller. in nt-ariy all sections, the greatest pre
cipitation having occurred In Los Ang-eles and
X'icinity. No flams ce fcas b«?en reported, and
It is now stated that the rain of the preced
ing week was less harmful than estimated, as
m^Ft cf the drvirg fruit v.as stacked, and
Javorable weather follow iraj the rain lessened
the injury to grapes on the vines.
"Fruit drying ar.d raisin making are nearly
completed, and late grapes .ire being gathered.
T'>kays and Unseats are plentiful and of ex
ctll^t.t quality. The yield of prunes and oth«r
ceciiuous f 1 ults Is reported r.early average in
i. sections except the south. The raisin crop
»i!l be almost equal to the average, and in
many placet the quality It said to be superior.
Walnut picking has rrogTesseil Slowly, owing
to unfavorable conditions: the nuts are gen
erally cf good quality, and the yield will be
about the Fame ae last season's in some places,
though there are large quantities of the email
«r sizes. Oranges continue thrifty In all sec
tions. a:id are maturing raplcly; prospects are
«xc^;ient for an urupually heavy crop.
"The soil has been softened by the recent
rains, ar.<l iK now in gocd condition In most
ewtionF. Farmers are plowing and seeding,
end preparations are b<?ir.g made for a large
acreage of crain. Grass and volunteer grain
have I'^en riven a good start by the rains, and
pasturage is becoming mere plentiful. It is re
ported that there is ar^ unuFually large amount
of enow In the mountains."
(£2.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s. when M K & T 4s • 92
Issued 103"4 N Y Cent lsts lOS^i
U fi 2s coup 103*b N J Cent 0en 5s 124
U S 2s reg 109 No Pacific 3s 6i~*
U S 2s reg 105% No Pacific 4s 102T4
IT B Ss coup... 109»4 N Y C 4 St L 4s.. 106
U S new 4s reg 133 N & W con 4s 37
IT S new 4s coup... 134 ")r Nav lsts 109
U 6 old 4s reg 114% Or Nav 4. 10314
0 B old 4s coup...H4 ! S, Oregon S L 6s 1271$
U S 5» reg 112 j Oregon S L con 5s.ll2^t
U66i coup 113% Reading gen 4s.... <>7>i
Diet of Col 3-65S....123 R G W lsts 8S»I
Atchison gen 4s.... 9S% St L & I M con Ss.lfflij,
Atchlron adj 4s S7 . St L & S F gen 6s 12"^
Canada So Ids 107 1 St P con 170
Ches & Ohio 4«4s.. W StPCiP lsts...HSVi
Cheo & Ohio 5s 1194 St P C & P 5s 11&7?
C & NW con 7s....l39«i|Ro Pacific 4s 79V
C A NW SFdebSs.. 120HI Bo Ry 6s 1C9
Chicago Term 4s... 91%! Stand R & T 6s 68
Colorado So 4s m; T & P lsts n;i;
D t: II G 1st* 103UiT & P 2<Js 70
D & R G 4s 9$VUnion Pacific 4s 105
Erie general 4s €9^4 Wabash lsts m«
Ft W & D C lsts. 72Vsi Wabash 2ds .......101^
General Elec 5s 120 i West Shore 4s 113
Iowa Cent lsts 112 jWls Cent lsts go
L & N' unified 4b.. 9S«i Va centuries fj
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 24 Ontario .' 6 00
Crown Point 14 Ophir 75
Con CrI & Va 1 14 'Plymouth 13
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bi'l
14.140 Atchison --''h
1£,163 Atchison pref'i '- 1 *
12.000 Baltimore & Ohio 73%
Canadian Pacific S7
SO0 Canada Southern M
11.100 Chesapeake & Ohio 39
450 Chioagi Great Western W/s
S.K'O Chicago Burlirgton & Qulncy U'7
tlO Chicago Ind & Louisville 21
Chicago In-1 &- Louisville prefd 53
KO Chicag.. & Eastern Illinois 92U
1C0 Chlcag.i & Northwestern 161
2,735 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific H'7 1 *
7£5 C C C & St Louis C2> s
Colorado Southern Mj
Colorado Southern 1st prefd SSU
U-0 Colorado Southern "d prefd 15
Delaware & Hudson 112U
K20 Delaware Luckawanna * Western. .17.1
2.510 Denver & Rio Grand? 1?V«
fir. Denver & Rio Grande prefd CS>i
210 Erie 12
2<X> Eric let prefd 3S%
l.W> Great Northern prefd ; lOH*
300 Hocking Ccal 1U-.
1.100 Hocking Valley 14fc
2.270 Illinois Central HT-*
100 Iowa Central lt«
Iowa Central irefd 41
I^ake Erie & Western 31'i
£70 Lake Erie & Western prefd 97- 4
2'« Lake Shore 206
Ijouisvllle & Nashville 74
..7.CS5 Manhattan Elevated »:•!,
25.^20 Metropolitan Street Railway 154?i
9.C70 Mexican Central ll»t
Minneapolis & ?t Louis 55
l fl 0 Minneapolis & St Lculs prefd 9.'>'
11.410 MifFcuri Pacific iZ\
560 Mobile & Ohio 37
700 Missouri Kansas & Texas 9& 4
2.S10 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 2*s.«
432 New Jersey C«»ntrai 134^
2.220 New York Central Ulii
22.0.31 Norfolk & Western 87?.
120 Norfrik & Western crefd "14
12.3.*Q Northern Pacific c2'i
1.S15 Northern Pacific prefd 71
3.120 Ontario & Western 21
Orogon Railway & Nav u
Oregon Railway & Xav prefd 76
24/*0 Pennsylvania 13::*,
920 Reading i<-,»
S.100 Reading 1st prefd ."i
600 Reading 2d prr-fd 27
Rio Grande Western 43
Rio Grande Western Drefd 90
100 St Louis & Pan Fran :0W
120 St Louis & Fan Fran 1st prefd 60}I
w>0 St Louis & San Fran 2d preM 35
2..T0 St Louis Southwestern i">u
im b! p.ui' Southwestern fd -• ::: *L
250 St Paul pref',1 '....'. 17,,^
W0 St Paul & Omaha '—; u>
11.5(0 Southern Pacific " 34
7.-75 Southern Railway ,.;; i»i
7.700 Southern Hail way prefd ---¦•• -*
2.S1Q Texas A I'aolnc ' ' -- i«2
B3.14J Union Pacific «?»*
7,000 Union Pacific prefa " r-at
KO Wabash -?
1.1C0 Wabash preM "*; lii!"
KO Wheeling & Lake Erie 9
J'-rn «*f ieelln ? & L*** Erie 2d prefab: 21ft
1.1C0 Wisconsin Central 14
1M) Third Avenue :;.". 112
Express Companies— ¦••¦-•-•• -
Adams 12«
American " " |7.
United States " ?i
Wells-Fa 1 go •' '".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.".'.'.'."125
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil o.y
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
American Malting ••¦•-..
250 American Malting prefd " -m*
S.72S American Smelting & Refng Iia 7
.2* American .Smelting & Refng prefd" S r t4
American Spirits j *
American Spirits prefd... 17
2,700 American Steel Hoop, ex dlv 20
American Steel Hoop prefd " Jifiu.
S.125 American Steel A Wire 3?'2
83ri American Steel & Wire prefd " 74^4
COO American Tin Plate, ex dlv '.'."." 30
American Tin Plate prefd 75
1Z.0M American Tobacco .'."'" !)3vi
American Tobacco prefd 12
2.700 Anaconda Mining Co.. 44
15.W) Brooklyn Rapid Transit r. 4 w
4,«f,0 Colorado Fuel & Iron \'.\\\' «2
5.7P2 Continental Tobacco " " V71I
1.W0 Continental Tobacco prefd """"•"" M »
4.220 Federal Steel ¦{.*,
2.',70 Federal Steel prefd ej
1,501 General Electric !!l!"l4'
1,130 Glucose Sugar -' f.ju
450 Glucose Surar prefd 9s
1,035 International Paper " 19
1, ¦".;."> International Paper prefd 65V
110 Laclede Gas egv
1,700 National Biscuit ..['. 33
National Biscuit prefd 55
200 National Lead ]gt£
100 National Lead prefd 91 Vi
1.C78 National Steel 27
1SS National Steel prefd MV>
UiO New York Air Brake 122 "
350 Nr.rth American 15%
Pacific Coast js
Pacific Coast let prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 46
2W Pacific Mall 3314
19.1R5 People's Gas 92V,
1.120 Pressed Steel Car 59
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 76
215 Pullman Palace Car 86
.: Standard Rope & Twine 514
4C.O00 Sugar 12114
Bugar prefd, ex filv 11514
3.405 Tennessee Coal & Iron 5714
3.405 United States Leather if»tj,
125 United States Leather prefd 70^
1,410 United States Rubber 29U
United States Rubber prefd 91
1.2S7 Western Union 79W
1.E75 Republic Iron & Steel Co i»
920 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 53U
600 PC C & St Louis 55
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
minor considerations would have been yester
day's ruF.h to buy. but in the pause to-day
they had added Influence. One large engage
ment of gold for Import was announced, but
there is a striking falling off In the number
of cotton bills offering In the exchange mar
ket, which rroniws to reduce accumulat
ing credit? from foreign cotton buyers.
The boiid market showed a continuance of
yesterday's: Improved conditions', prices gen
erally advancing on an enlarged demand.
Total sales, par value. J2.170.0O0.
fnited StatfS refunding 2s and the old is
advanced >» per cent on the last call.
LONDON, Oct. 16.— Consols, 98%'S9S%. Sil
ver, 29Mid. French rentes, 99f 87%c(ff99f 95cV
Wheat cargoes on passage, less offering: No. 1
standard California, 31s 3d; Walla Walla,
29s Sd. English country markets, part cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 16. — WHEAT — Steady; No.
1 standard California, 6s 5V4d(§6s 6d;. wheat in
Paris, weak. Flour in Paris, weak. French
country markets, quiet. Weather in England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 5%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 16.— WHEAT— Spot, No 2
red Western winter, dull. 6s 2d; No. 1 Northern
spring, dull. 6s 4V4d: No. 1 California, 6s 5Vid;
futures, nulet; December new, 6s %d; Febru
ary, Ss l*;-d.
CORN— Spot, firm: American mixed, now,
4s Mid; futures, quiet: November, 4s 3d; De
cember, 4s 2V4d; January, 3s ll&d.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, Oct. 16. — In the Portland mar
ket there Is nothing of consequence being done
in wheat and prices are nominally unchanged,
with 53c generally quoted for Walla Walla and
an occasional sale made at slightly higher fig
ures. Valley Is easier, with the milling demand
less urgent than It was a few weeks ago.
OREGON
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. 16. —Clearings, $450.25S; bal
ances, $G5,545.
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 16.— Cotton futures opened
steady, four points lower to six points higher
on the first call. January,* the most active posi
tion, opened at 9.17c, then broke to 9.12c and
later rallied after many ups and downs to
9.31c, with the price from that position finally
9.12c. Throughout the session there was more
or less heavy selling on continued heavy re
ceipts. The market closed easy at a net loss
of 2 to 2'^ points, having gone on* the last
half hour under general selling and fears of
weak cables to-morrow.
New York Cotton Market.
to-day 12,450 bales were offered. American rep
resentatives took several good lines of greasy
grades. The home and Continent operated free
ly. Good merino and some scoured goods were
withdrawn nnd new clip superior combing sola
well. Cape of Good Hope and Natal greasy
wools were quiet, enow whites being fairly
competed for. The attendance was large.
LONDON, Oct. 16.— At the wool auction sales
London Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 16.— The movement of wool
this week was even slower than for the pre
vious week. The only Bales .made were those
for present needs. Manufacturers have tried
out the market by bidding lower prices, but
have been unsuccessful, as the dealers are de
termined to hold on to their goods until after
the election. Quotations:
Territory, scoured' basis — Montana and Wyo
ming fine medium and fine, 17iglSc; scoured, 47
@4Sc; statile. Me.
Utah— Fine medium and fine, 16@17c; scoured,
47Q4Sc; staple. SOc.
Australian wools — Scoured basis, spot prices,
combing superfine, nominal, S2'SS5c; good, 7S©
SOc; average, 70ig73c. ,
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, ."500,
including 2500 Westerns and 9-X) Texans. Native
and steers, slow; good to prime steers,
$3 SC^H SO; \-oot to medium, $4 5O4J5 25; selected
feeders, t?> £Mj4 60; mixed stockers, $2 85t<3 75;
cows, $2 65414 10; heifers, $2 E0@4 75; canners,
$2@2 60; bulls. $2 75(g4 40; calves, S4-f?4 65; Texas
fed steers, J4Q4 90; gra-ssers, t3 25iQ4 10; bulls,
$2 75^3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-<]ay, 25,000; to-morrow,
36.000; left over, 2000: 10c to 15c lower; top,
$5 10; mixed and butchers'. 14 70*15 07^4; rough,
heavy, $4 6T@4 75; light, $4 65@5 10; bulk ot
sales, $4 S0{} 5.
SHEEP— Receipts, 17,000. Sheep, steady;
lambs, choice, steady; others slow to 10c lower.
Good to choice wethers. $."! 90<fJ4 20; fair to
choice mixed. $3 50S4; Weptern sheep, $3 9CH3
4 20; native lamb*. $4 40(55 65; Western lambs,
4 OOfgo 50.
Boston Wool Market.
Chicago Livestock Market.
¦>f — _ — ¦*
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The Karl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Grapes-
Tokay, double crates, $2 35Q3 33, average $2 SO;
do. single crates. 95c(JTJl 80, average $1 29.
Pears— Nellis, boxes, $1 05^1 30, average $1 19;
Buerre Diel. boxes, $1 25@1 30, average SI 29;
Early Buerre, boxes SX^l 05, average $1 04;
Green Morceau. boxes. $1 75i§-2 40, average $2 C-6.
Plums— Coe's Late Red. single crates, $1 15®
1 20. average SI 15. Prunes— Italian, single
crates, .75<p5c, average 77c. Eight cars sold
to-day. Weather hot. _
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit soM at auction to-day: . Grapes— Tokay,
double crates, J2 75@3 15, average $2 66; do,
single crates, $1 ZVql 90, average $1 44; Corni
chon, single crates. $1 30® 1 60, average $1 E6.
Pears — Buerre Clairg-eau, boxes, $1 30®l .0,
average $1 55; Vicar, boxes. Tl 15@1 30, average
tl 24; Nellis, boxes, tl 20@l 40. average SI 22;
Du Cornice boxes, average $1 33; Green Mor
ceau, boxes average $1 25: Buerre Grls, boxes,
average $1 25- Nellis. half boxes, average 95c.
PHuns— Coe's Late Rsd. single crates, average
?l 10. Prunes— Italian, single crates, 15'<}6>.>c,
average 42c. Weather hot. Nine cars sold to
day.
BOSTON, Oct. 16.— The Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit at auction to-day were
as follows- Grapes— Cornichon, single crates,
tl 8031 S5. average $1 SI: Tokays, double crates,
$2 f.0S4, average $3 14; Tokays, single cratea.
$1 30ff2 50, average |l 65. Prunes— Italians,
single crates, AZff.iCAc, average 54c. Two cars
sold to-day. Weather hot.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 16.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit to-day and real
ized the following prices: Grapes— Cornichon,
double crates, J2 S0@3, average $2 86; Cornichon,
single orates, average $1 35; Tokays. double
crates, $3 65<S3 35. average t3 19: Tokays, single
crates, Jl Oc.fjl SO. average $1 65; Clusters, sin
gle crates, $1 9(Xi/2 30, average $2 19. Plums—
Coe's Late Red. single crates, average SOc.
Weather hot. One car sold to-day.
Sihcr and Exchange about the same.
IWicat a fraction lower. Freights nominal.
Barley weak and very slow of sale.
Oats held high. Corn and Rye easier.
Hay very firm again. Feedstuffs show little change.
Beans in heavy receipt, but good demand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables featureless.
Seven cars of Poultry in thus far this u'cck.
Game about as previously quoted.
Medium and lower grades of Butter weak.
Cheese firm and Eggs slightly higher again.
Fresh Fruits quiet and witlwut feature.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins and Honey unchanged.
Provisions fairly active, zit'th some' changes.
Wool neglected. Hops in fair demand.
Hides and Tallozv as before quoted.
Hogs weak, but no lower. Other Meats unchanged.
Canned Fruits stand as before.
Xoihing new in Oils.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shmvs: Available cash
balance, $132,174,056; gold, *SC,715,792.
[New Yorli Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Money on call firm at
3-S3'/4 Per cent; las£ loan, 3>i per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 5fi6 per cent. Sterling ex
change steady, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 M>* for demand and at $4 80>.4(?4 80>g
for sixty days; posted rates, $4 SlVi^g'-i fco^:
commercial bills, $4 79Vr?4 81U- Silver cer
tificates, 6214&MC liar silver, €2^0. Mexican
dollars. 4!»Sc. Government bonds. strong;
State bonds. Inactive/ railroad bonds, firm.
A'cxi' York Money Market.
LONDON', Oct. 16. — Atchison, 30: Canadian
Pacific. 90%; Union Pacific preferred, Tihi;
Northern Pacific preferred, 73; Grand Trunk,
€H: Anaconda, 9V£. Bar silver, 29 3-16d per
ounce. Money, 1U per cent.
CLOSING
"The bank lost £31,000 cold in French coin
£23,000 to South America and £60,C00 to Egypt.
From Australia £25,000 was secured."
"The markets here were quietly firm to-day
and securities were the feature on New York
orders and professional buying, besides some
Berlin purchases. There was more yelling than
dealing, however. Copper shares were good on
the fortnightly statistics, showing stocks down
190 tons ajid supplies diminished by 590 tons.
NEWYORK. Oct. 16.— The Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
P* 1 " 1 .™*** <5 Quicksilver 123
Gould & Curry 75 Do prefd 6 00
Hal» & Norcrosa... 3S Sierra Nevada 33
Homestake M CO Standard 3 90
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 23
Mexican 35 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
~ a ?. on , ejr ~ Union Land 1%
Call loans 35414 West End 814
Time loans 6536 West Electric 4SV4
Stocks- wis Cent 14
A T & S F 29H Bonds—
Do pref 72U Atchison 4s 93Vi
American Sugar... 121V4 N K Gas & Coke.. 64
A IJo Pjef lie Mining Shares-
Amn Tel 144 Adventure 4^i
Boston & Albany. .247 (Ulouez M Co....'.'. 1T4
Huston Elevated... 149 Amal Copper SS'A
C n & O 126% Atlantic 22
Dominion Coal 30 Host & Mont 334
Do prof U3 mute & Boston.... 63
Federal Steel 34^ Calumet & Hecla..762
!>> Pref 64\ Centennial 16Vs
Fitchburg pref ....138 Franklin 14Vi
Oeneral Electric. ..141>i Humboldt 25
Do pref 133'i'Osceola 69
Ed Elec 111 212 Parrot 43
Mexican Cent 11% Qulncy 143
Michigan Tel 5 Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
N E Gas & Coke.. 12^ Tamarack 261
Old Colony ..; 203 Utah Mining 30H
Old Dominion 21 Winona 2^
Union Pacific Cl'i Wolverines 4OV4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The combined stock of wheat at Portland.
Or., Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., decreased
661,000 bushels last week.
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
tha Rockies, Increase 1.S7C.000 bushels: afloat
for and in Europe, Increase 2.400,000 bushels;
total supply, increase 4,273,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockfes. increase 2,401,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 9SS.000 bushels.
NEW YORK. Oct. 16. — Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstrect's show
tho following changes In the available supply
from last account:
LIVERPOOL. *
Wheat— Dec, Feb.
Opening 6 H 6 Hi
Closing 6 % 6 1%
PARia
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -April.
Opening 19 95 2110
Closing 19 95 21 30
Flour-
Opening 25 30 27 05
Closing 25 25 27 15 ;
Available Grain Supply.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Some changes in Pork products will be ob
served. The demand Is fair.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, llftc per lb for
Provisions.
Quotations for all descriptions remain un
changed. Prunes are In fair demand and
steady. Peaches and Apricots are quiet and
Pears very dull. Raisins are firm and active
and Honey is selling well at steady prices.
FRUITH — Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes 3c
40-ROs, 7c: 50-60S. 5Vic; 60-70s. 3%c; 70-SOs. 3V4c;
S0-90s, 2%c: 90-lOOs. 2Vic; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, Uc premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qulns We less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6<fp
8.? for Royals and lO011»ic for Moorparks;
Kvaporated Apples, 4ViS5^Jc; sun-dried. 2VjS4c;
Peaches, 4«.40">c for standard. 5ifc06c for choice
and 7'jJSc for fancy: Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted
ollti^c; unpitted. l@lHc; Nectarines, 5@5^c for
red and 5H06c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
rer lb; choice, lie; standard, S%c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lh. Sultanas —
Fancy. 10V4c per lb: choice. 9V4c: standard. s%c;
prime. 8c: unbleached Sultanas. 8c: Seedless.
60-lb boxes, 6^ic; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c;
3-crown, 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
cicwn, $1 EO per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
rrlces f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. .
NUTS— Chestnuts, 1O012Vjo per lb; Walnuts,
No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2. Sc; No. 1 hardshell,
10c; No. 2. 7'/4c; Almonds. 15016c for paper
r.hell. ll@12>-ic for softshell: Pelnuts. 506c for
Kfistern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pecans,
11013c: OocoanutE. $3 5005. '
HONEY— Comb. lZ l ,i®U\ic for bright and 12^
tflKc for light amber; water white, extracted.
"4i®Sc; light amber, extracted, 7®7%c; dark, 6
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb. .
The only Oranges left on the market are
Navels of the Intermediate crop, knowa as
ntw Navels, and there are only a few of them
here. Lemons are in heavy supply and weak,
nnd Limes, too. are plentiful and slow.
Deciduous fruits show no changes worthy of
note. Grapes and Melons are steady at prices
which have shown little change for some time.
Hananas are In better supply and rather
cheat er.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES — 250511c per box for common and
60090c for good to choice: Ppltzenbergs, 90e<ft$l.
I'KARS — Winter Nellis, t»c<g$l; Cooking
Peers. 25065c per box.
QUINCES— 250 COc per box.
PERSIMMON'S— 6C085c per box.
FIGS— 35c© $1 per ordinary box.
BLACKBEKRIES— $5<ii6 per chest.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. $S@S 50; Coos
Bay, ?21?2 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES — $3ff4 SO per chest for
large nnd $60S for small berries. '
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6c per lb.
RASPBEKRIKS— $506 per chest.
POMEGRANATES- 3O0S5c per small box and
$1 .'002 per large box.
PLUMS— 25060c per box.
GRAPES— Muscat, 25065c per box and crate;
black, 35065c; Tokays. 25060c; Isabella. 75c0$l;
Cornichon. 60075c; Wine Grapes. $20022 50 for
white. $20023 for Mission and $24027 per ton
fcr Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 75c per case; Canta
loupes, $1 25 per crate; Watermelons, J5@15
per ICO.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, HHi 50;
Lemons, 60c9$l 50 for common and $203 for
Kood to choice; Mexican Limes, $434 50: Ba
nnnas, $1Ji2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@
3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Dairy and the medium and lower grades of
Creamery Butter are depressed and neglected,
and even fancy Creamery is quiet and easy.
Thero Is no scarcity in anything.
Cheese is (lira at the advance already noted.
Eggs are scarce and continue to advance.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. 28c; Seconds,
26027 He
Dairy— Fancy, 25c; good to choice, 230/24c;
common, 20022c.
Creamery tub — 20 l S'22Hc per lb.
Pickled roll— 19021c.
Firkin— lS®19c.
Stornee goods— 22Vi024c.
CHEESE— New, 110Ui,£e; old. 10c: Young
America, 11012c; Eastern, 13H@14c: Western,
10^12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 22V4@25c for store and 35@
39c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 20<g'25c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry came in, and
rales were made at $5<S3 50 for Hens, $5 for
young Roosters. H 50 for old Roosters. $303 50
for Fryers. $2 ZOftZ for Broilers, $6 50 for J"oung
Ducks, $3 5O'<(4 for old Ducks, Jt 75fi2 for Geese
and 12© 13c for Turkeys.
Thus far this week seven cars of Eastern
Poultry have been received and the market is
weak in consequence. The tendency in prices
is downward.
Game shows no particular change, sound lots
selling well and tainted lots being worked off
cheap or dumped.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14*?16c for Gobblers
and H'2'166 for Hens: old Turkeys, ll^n^c;
Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings. $150@173;
Ducks. $3(34 for old and $3 5004 53 for young;
Hens, $3 50<fJ5: Young Rooster?; $3 75^4 50; 6ld
Roosters, $3 5004; Fryers, $303 50; Broilers, $3
3 50 for large and $2©2 50 for small ; Pigeons,
JlfJl 25 per dozen for old and SI 50@l 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $101 25 for valley and $202 50
for Mountain: Mallard. $406; Canvasback. $C@
8 f.ir choice, down to $3 for poor; Sprig. $2 50J*
3 50; Teal. $2 5003 50; Widgeon. $2^2 50; Small
Duck, $150(gl75: Gray Geese. $3; White Geese,
$lfil 25; Brant, $1 2501 50 for small and $2 50 for
lnrre; English Snipe, $1; Jack Snipe, 75c0$l;
Hare. $1 23: Rabbits. $1 2501 5(1 for cottontail
and $1 for brush; Doves, 5O0SOc per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Prices for almost all descriptions remain the
same, and the market is without feature.
POTATOES— Burba nks, 303160c for Rivers and
85cff$l 10 per ctl for Salinas and 65®90c for
Orepon; Sweets, 50@65c for Rivers and 75c?$l
for Merced.
ONIONS-80@75c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 351?!
60c.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2% 4c per lb;
String Beans, l@3c; Limas, 2@3c per lb; Cab
bage. $1; Tomatoes, Bay, 20@60c; Egg Plant,
"5Ii,T.0e per box; Green Okra, 40'gGOc; Gre»n
Peppers, 35fi50o per box for Chill and 4:>'Q50c
for Bell; Dried Peppers. 10®15c; Carrots, 25/fi35c
per sack; Summer Squash, 75cfi$l for Alameda;
Cucumbers, 85@50c for Alamcda; Pickles. $1 50
per box for No. 1 and 65c for No. 2; Garlic,
4@4^c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10 per ton.
A- good shipping demand for Beans keeps the
market ud in the face of continued heavy re
ceipts.
HEANS-Bayos. $2@2 10; Small White. $3 500
3 60; Large White, $2 40(52 50; Pink. $1 9)'8'2:
Red. $2 50<g3: Blacke> e. $2 C0@2 75; Lima. $5 20
(&5 30; Pea, $3 8504; Red Kidneys, $2 75@3.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 4c; Yellow Mustard,
oe; Flax, $2 2502 40; Ca..ary, 3%c per lb for
California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nom
inal; Rape, 2' / i'03c: Hemp, 4'S?4Hc; Timothy,
4®4Hc
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $150^2; Green, Jl S0@
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $150^175.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay is again very firm, though there Is no
advance. Receipts are more moderate. Bran
and Aliddlln&rs stand as before.
BRAN— $18{il7 50 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS-$17@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mlll.*$25@26: jobbing.
$2C 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal, $26®
27; Cracked Corn, $26 50027 50; Mixed Feed, $15
@16.
HAT-Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat, $11^13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10® 12 50; Oat, $9@1150; Clover.
$5@7; Alfalfa, $S 50®3 50; Barley, $7@9 per ton.
STRAW — 35@45c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 fi0<5
3 75; usual terms; Bakers* Extras.' J3 40*83 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 7503 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15<g'3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
|4 75*?5 75 per bbl.
AlILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham'
Flour, ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75:
extra cream do, $3 50: Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
ing. $3 50^3 75: Buckwheat Flour, U®* 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, *4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; in sacks, S5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas. J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning. Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— In spite of the. depression in Wheat
and Barley this market Is firmly held, though
outside of the inquiry on Government account
there is not much demand at the moment.
White. $1 l-igl 50: Surprise. $1 45®1 55; Red.
tl lo^l 25 for feed and $1 25<3 V 1 40 for seed; Gray.
U 25©1 35; Black, for feed, Jl lOfil 17H; for
teedrjl 22>4@1 32V6 per ctl.
CORN— Prices have a wider range. Eastern
yellow and white are quoted at $1 25 and East
ern mixed at $1 22V4 per ctl.
RYE— Sales at 90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. .
Second Session— May— 2C0O ctls, fl 04% ; 10,000.
Jl 04%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
97&«c. May— 10.000, $1 04%; S000, $1 04H-
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— Offerings are growing larger and
the market la weak and very dull, there be
ing no sales worthy of note.
Feed 71Vi@72V4c for choice bright, 68^0700
for No. 1 and 62%«r«7V4c for off grades; Brew-
Ing and Shipping grades, 77%@S2V4c; Chevalier,
nominal.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co..l02^104 Oak Water 5s. 103 —
Cai-st Cab 5s..ll»V> — 'K-eanic SS 5«.107?il08
C C Water 5s..lO6«* — Om C Ry 6a. 125
Ed L & P 6s.l31 — Pae Utlmp 4s. HUM —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. - - P & Cl Ry 6«..104>i -
Oeary-st Ros. — . — P&ORR 6s. 115 —
H C & S 5V4s.. - - Powell-st R Ks.lUH —
3o 5 " I™* — Sac L G&R Ss.lOOVi —
L A R 5s 105 — S F & SJ V 5s. 113
L A L; Co «s.. — 103 S R of Cai 6s. — —
Do gntd 6s... — — S P of A 6s. ...Ill 3 -; —
L A gntd 5s.. — 101^ S P ofC6s(1905)
L A P R R 5s. — 102%i (Series A) 107H —
Market-st 6S...12S 129 Do (Series BU0SX —
~ I ??J; ! V, A L 5s " U7V4 r S P C Sa 0906)1094110
N C N G R 78. - li3i* Do (1912) US 113
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Oct. 16—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Is quar coup...UI ! Kill5% Is do cp (new). 134 135
ts do reg 114%ll5?i» 3s do- coup 110
The California Powder Works Company has
declared a dividend of $1, payable on the "Oth
The Central Light and Power Company will
pay a dividend of 5 cents on the 20th.
The usual 3 per cent quarterly dividend by
the Fireman's Fund Insurance Company will
be paid to-(?«y.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
will pay a dividend of 60 cents on the 20th.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany has declared a dividend of 50 cents, pay
able on the 25th.
According to the last monthly reports of the
Alaska Mexican and Alaska United mines the
first named ran 120 stamps for 29*i days,
crushing 14,533 tons, yielding $22,363. and saved
257 tons sulphurets, valued at $3733. Total bul
lion produced $28,130. The ore averaged $1 94
per ton. Working expenses $20,301. The Alaska
United mine employed 220 stamps, crushing
27,871 tons ore, yielding $38,514 and saved 537
tons sulphurets, valued at J1J.430. The bullion
produced was $37,093. The ore averaged $2 05
per ton. The working expenses were $36,535.
The Alaska Mexican Mining Company has
declared its twenty-fourth dividend of 10c per
share, amounting to $1S,000, payable October 20.
The Alpska Treadwell Mining Company has
declared Its forty-sixth dividend. The amount
is 37^jC per share, or $75,000, payable October 29.
The only change of any consequence on the
morning- session of the Bond Exchange was a
decline in Gas and Electric to $50 62%@50 50.
Business was light. There was nothing new
in the afternoon.
There was a very fair business in the oil
stocks, as will be^een by the sales below.
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 16.
Flour, qr sks 8.150 Middlings, sks 73
Wheat, ctls l,03n Hay, tons 477
Barley, ctls 2,320 Hops, bales 17
Oats, ctls 6931 Wool, bales 10.1
Corn. East. ctls.. 600 » Pelts, bdls 377
Cheese, ctls 24 "Hldea. No 5T.6
Butter, ctls 13fi| Rnislns. tpts 250
Beans, sks 6.3S2.Wlne. gals 13,200
Potatoes, sks 3.S2O] Leather, rolls ... 72
Onions, sks $00; Eggs, doz 7,590
Bran, sks 400 *uga,r. sks 440
THE STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
75c; pure, Jl 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw. 73c; cases, 6c more; Lucol. 63c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil, ex
tra winter strained barrels, 70c; cases, 75c;
China Nut. 6S*H72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, Kc; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 37US42HC per gal
lon: Fish Oil, barrels. 35c: cases. 40c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil, in bulk. 12c: Pearl Oil.
cases. ISc; Astral. 18c; Star. ISc; Extra Star,
22c: Elaine. 23c: Eocene. 20c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk. 1414c: cases. 20'Ac; Benzine,
bulk. 13'-ic; cases. 19»,c: Sfi-degree Gasoline,
bulk. 2rtc: cases, 2fic per gallon.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at 61e per gallon in
cases and K5c In drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. .7'ifJ
7^4c per lb; 'White Lead. 7@7\c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $48 per flask for local use
and $4.VS'46 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, .per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.65c: Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.25c: Dry Cranulat"d, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.15c; Magnolia A. 5.75c; Extra C.
5.65c; Golden C. 5.55c: barreln. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equH'alent. Dominos, half-bar
rels. 6.S0c: boxes. 7.15c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows; Pine,
ordinary sizes. ?16«?17; exrra sIzps. higher: Red
wood. $17*i>18 for No. 1 and $15f?15 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. $3 50-S4; Pickets. IIS; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes.
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, J21S27.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S@33c per lb: Sole
Leather, medium. £<5S3Oc: Sole Leather, light
26©28c; Rough leather, heavy, 27@2Sc; Rough
leather, light. 25ffl2Cc: Harness Leather, heavy,
32@3Sc; Harness Leather, medium. 3O*i37e: Har
ness Leather, light. 23®35c; Collar Leather, 13
«J16c per foot: Kip. flrtished, 40<g50c per lb:
Veal, finished. SOQSSc; Calf, finished. 73c@$l 20;
Sldea. finished, 16<§fl7c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14f?16c; Rough Splits. SfglOc 7^r lb
TANBARK— Ground, $26®2S per ton; Stick.
$!Sf7 2O per cord.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13U*gl7c for prime
to fancy washed; 12Vifi 13c for strictly good
washed: Hffl2c for good washed: 9%flKi*ic for
fair washed: 9Tr9Hc for medium; t%O8%e for
inferior to ordinary: 13'&14c for good to prime
washed- peaberrj-; llfzll^c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 10^@llc nominal for
good tr> superior unwashed.
Salvador — ll I 'i'fjl3V«c for good to prime
washed; lOH^llc for fair washed; 12^13^c for
good to prime washed peaberry: llffilisic for
good to prime semi-washed: lO^Qllc for super
ior unwashed: lOffce for good green unwashed;
ll-TfllHc for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 7>j#?c nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 131i 16c for prime to fancy washed;
10UQ12fte for fair to strictly good washed: 10^
<filO-%c nominal for good to superior unwashed:
HQUtte nominal for good to prime unwashed
poaberry.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5%c; Wool Bags. ZS£032%c; Fleece
Twine. 7%c: Fruit Bags. 6^'S6?ic for white and
8KG84&C for bleached Jute.
CANJfKD FRUIT— Extras In 2^-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots. Jl 50; Cherries, $2
for black, $1 85 for white and $2 for Royal Anne;
Grapes, $1 35; Peaches, $1 65; Pears, $1 85;
Plums, Jl SoQl 40; Quinces, $1 65; Strawberries,
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, J7; Bryant, J7; Coos Bay.
$•"< CO; Wallsend, J3; Co-operative Wallsend. JD;
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 23 in sacka:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egsr. $14: Cannel. $12
per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in hulk and $1S in
eacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 43 per
2C00 lbs and |S 50 per ton. according to brand
COHDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. lUi<? per lb;
Sisal sizes and bale rope. S'4c; Duplex. 7>ic
Terms, 60 days or iv 2 per cent cash discount!
PACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles. 3»ic; cases, 2\
04c; imitation Eastern, 5c; Doneless 4»;c
strips, r.fi6c; blocks, 5fl3%c: tablets, 6c; mid
dles. d'S<Q7Hc; desiccated. 75c.
TOFFEE — Costa Rica — 14^15c for prim*
washed; 12 1 i'513>^c for good washed: 13@14c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 12®13c for good
to prime peaberry; ll'-jfjlSc for good to prime:
10 V" lie for good current mixed with black
beans; 9'ySllc for fair; 7Vif9 I ,ic nominal for
common to ordinary.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small. 5«»i«5% for
medium and 5%~<8'5V.c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 5gS}ic; dressed Hogs, 7%S3Uc.
LAMB— SG&Uc per lb.
Hosts are weak, owing to a decline at Chi
cago, but prices here are no lower, though the
packers are Indifferent buyers.
All other meats are unchanged.
BEEF— 6S6&C for Steers and 5®5Hc per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®Sc; small, 8H®9e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7Q7%c: ewes, 6%'37c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 1.1(5 16c; Northern, defective. 12®
He; Middle County, free. I4^1«c: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12SKc; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 11®12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9#llc; Humboldt and Mendocino, 15
©17c: Nevada, 13?M6 per lb.
FaU Clip— San Joaquin, WVSSc: do Lambs'. 8
@9c: Middle County, 9<Sllc per lb.
HOPS— 11® 14c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Ic under quotations." Heavy salted
Steers, 9®9Hc: medium. 8Hc; U*ht, 8c: Cow
hides, 8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Salted
Veal, 8c; Salted Calf. 9c: Dry Hides. 13<315Uc:
culls. 12913c; Dry Kip. 15c: Dry Calf, 15«?16c;
culls and brands. 124113c; Sheepskins. Shear-
Hnss, 15<g25c each; short Wool, 30<S40c each;
medium,. G0^;70c; lonjr Wool, 75c!fi$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. |2fl2 25 for large. Jl 75 for medium,
II for small and 50c for colts: Horse Hides,
dry, $1 50 for larjre, $1 25 for medium. $1 for
small and 2."!i?50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer
or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c;
winter or thin skins, 17%if?2Oc. Goatskins-
Prime Angoras, 73c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4^4Vic per lb; No.
2. SfiSlic; grease, 2^2'ic.
There Is no chance in Hides and Tallow.
The local Wool trade reports a dead and fea
tureless market.
Hops are in fair demand at the quotations.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13^c for light.
14c for extra light and 15Vic for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured hams. 12c; Mess Beef,
$12 50 per bbl: extra Mess, $13 50; Family. $14;
extra Prime Pork $1S: extra clear, $19 50; Mess.
J17; Smoked Beef, 13c per lb.
LA nD— Tierces quoted at 6*ie per lb for com
pound and 9Hc for pure; half-barrela, pure,
9»4c: 10-lb tins. ICttc: 5-lb tins. WsC.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel, S%c; three
half barrels. SVic; one tierce, &%c; two tierce,
8V«c; flve tierces, 8%c per lb.
JIO.OCO Spring Valley 4a <2d mortgage) 10S 00
Street—
10 Hutchinson S P Co 21 25
1WSF Gas & Electric Co. s 30 50 10
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
20C California-Standard 35
700 Home Oil 4 K
50 Kern Oil Co 10 M
100 Petroleum Center »>
200 Petroleum Center »
75 San Joaquin Oil & Development 8 25
IOC- Sterling O & D Co 3 Cft
300 Twenty-eight ~ 2 00
Street —
300 Reed Crude OH Co 50
3000 Independence W
100 Four Oil Co 43
5P0 McKittrick Consolidated TO
10 Kern River 20 10
Afternoon Session.
Board—
500 California-Standard 34
100 Four Oil Co «
tOC Home Oil 4 13
ZfAK) Independence I*
20 Kern River 20 CO
W McKittrick Consolidated 6S
SI McKittrick Consolidated ''V
i 200 McKittrick Ccnsolldated *>T
100 Monarch of Arizona »*
3"i Oil City Petroleum 3j M
200 Twenty-eight 2 <»
Street—
2M McKittrick Consolidated W
MINING STOCKS.
! The following v.-ere the sales in the San Fran
i Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
; Morninz Session.
100 Con Cal & Va..l 25 MM) Mexican 33
100 Gould & Curry. 7S 550 Ophir *>
100 Gould & Curry. 31 fi f| 0 Savage 33
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher »¦ W Mexican 43
4.'<0 Best & Belcher 40 50 Ophir S3
450 Best & Belcher 3D 500 Ophir M
100 Chollar 2S 30>) Potosl Z3
VJQ Con Cal & Va..l 25 M0 Savage 35
10O Confidence "i ; luO Sierra Nevada. W
300 Gould & Curry. SI I 300 Yellow Jacket.. 24
1000 Kentuck 04 1
The followlnsr were th» sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
70n Chollar 27 800 Mexican 39
500 Con Imperial... 02: 300 Mexican 40
5(V) Con Imperial... 01, 200 Ophir S*
500 Crown Point... 15: 400 Ophir »•>
700 Crown Point... IS, 2C>0 Potosl 23
800 Gould & Curry. 77^ 200 Savage 34
200 Gould & Curry. 7S 1150 Savace 3.1
2<10 Gould & Curry. Wi 300 Sierra Nevada. 37
3f>0 Gould & Curry. SI 5<K> Silver Hill 3S
300 Justice 08 20O Yt-llow Jacket.. 24
500 Mexican 38 200 Yellow Jacket.. 25
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 03 300 Mexican 43
200 Best '& Belcher 3D 500 Sierra Nevada. M
10O C C & Va 1 27H 400 Sierra Nevada. 37
700 C C & Va 1 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Oct. IS— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask. -^
Alpha 05 C»>! Justice 07 r* f
Alta 03 04 i Kentuck 03 04
Andes 09 10 1 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 22 23 1 Mexican 42 41
Best & Belcher 38 40 ! Occidental ...... 03 11
Bullion 05 l« Ophir SD 90
Caledonia 42 44 j Overman 10 11
27 2S: Potosl 23 24
Challenge Con. 24 2>| Savage 35 36
Confidence 75 73, Scorpion 01 —
Ton Cal & Va..l XS 1 30! 3eg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra' Nevada. 35 38
Con Netv York. 01 — Silver Hill.* 38 41
Eureka Con — 45 =?t Louis — 12
Crown Point... 17 IS! Standard —3 60
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. SI S3 Union Con 27 23
Hale & Nor 42 43} L'tah 14 15
Julia 03 Ml Yellow Jacket.. 24 23
Ml.s:;iXLANEOl'S STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 1241.13S PacAFA.... 1% —
Cal trult Aan. .i8' a — p ac C Bor Co.150 lol^i
Mer Ex Assn.. n 100 p ar Faint Co.. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. 92'i 93' 2
Morning: Session.
Board —
330 Equitable Gas j g2>4
10 Equitable Gas . 350
JSOGO Los Angeles Railway £9 105 CO
25 Makaweli Sugar Co 43 23
£•000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 101 75
50 S F Gas &. Electric Co 50 62^ \
7iSF Gas & Electric Co 50 SO 1
2 Spring Valley Water 94:3 r
$3C00 Spring Valley 48 CM mortgage) 103 CO
J'OO United States 3s (coupon) 11O 12*4
Street—
5 Alaska Packers' Association i;3 co
$1000 Los Angeles Hallway 5s lOj 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Hutchinson S P Co 24 25
25 Paauhau S t* Co 30 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 5n 6*14
70 S F Gas &. Electric Co 50 75
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 50 75
5 Spring Valley Water 55 00
POWDER STOCKS.
SB^sSi" Vlsom 3^ «*
SUGAR STOCKS.
u?Z £ .* a S r F° ~ ss Makawelt S Co 4J CM
S}"»* ™ - oncmea 8 Co. 27\ -
Hutch S P Co. 24 tfK i>aauhau S Co. 30 -
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....123 -iOSUH . - 45
& °* Cal 63.113 - S P R 1st gntd - -
*£ * 9 116V4U7 3 P B S* 130 --:
n£ ? R R 63102 - S V Water 6s.113 m i
*>? »¦•• M6>il07% Do 49 103 —
(£v t c H103 H - Stktn Gas 6s..lOO -
Uak Tran 6s... 116^11;
WATER STOCKS.
M°"w County. S5 Z Sprin * 7?*r- 91 * «*
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
P» \i & ,"•••• 43l i "?* Sa " Francisco. 5 s£
fac Uas Imp.. 5I'i — Stktn G * E C — 1*
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fur.d.22S 230 '
HANK STOCKS.
t-'al S4UT..1M - MerehnU" J&: IS*, -
SAVINGS BANKS.
Hum ti'Y"~ 190 ° Sav & L So".. _ iX
s f s s aV v u. k :: 3 u I Vnlon T Co -
market was firm: creamery. 16021%c; dairy. 13
@18c. Cheese., firm; 10%@ll?ic.- Eggs, firm;
fresh. 17V4c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, '1900.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
CALL, BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December
4000 ctls. 9Sc; CO00. 97%c; 10.000. 97?»c. May—
10.000. $1 Ollj. -
Paris and Liverpool were lower. New York
was several fractions higher. Chicago opened
firmer, but the market was featureless. The
weather was sood. The secretary of the Kan
sas Dealers' Association estimates that 60 per
cent of the croo has been marketed.
Spot "Wheat— Shipping, 95@96V4c; Milling,
97'4c@$l per ctl.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— In the practical ab
sence of disengaged tonnage tn port the spot
market is wholly nominal, but may be quoted
at 45s, on the basis of the last charter. The
chartered wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonrage of 33,800. against 45.500 tons on the same
date last year; disengaged, tons, against
13,100; on the way to this port, 161,150 tons,
azainst 198,500.
WHEAT— There • was no further - decline
on call, but spot quotations were a frac
tion lower.
WOO I
Dull
8MEMBERS SHOW ESTEEM
FOR THEIR PRESIDENT
FDR a time the police and detec
tives dseamed «,f catching the
Eastern safe-crackers, who have
transferred their tools ana craft
to Pacific climes, but their
"pipes" soon went out and the glory of a
great capture was not tor them.
Last Sunday a woman reported to Max
Goldberg, president of the San Francteco
Collateral Loan Bank at 638 Kearny
etreet, paying ishe had been disturbed for
four rights in succession by the opera
tions of safe-crackers, who were drilling
and filing In an effort to reach the Interior
of the vaults of the bank. Goldberg at
once sent for the detectives and an Inves
tigation wat* begun. The woman impart
ing this valuable "tip" to the president
stated that she occupied .a room Imme
diately over the large steel repositories
and ehe declared she knew what she was
talking about.
For a long time the detectives searched
the premises. They' arrived at the con
clusion that the "crooks" were experts In
their line of business and had covered up
the traces of each night's work to renew
It the next. They derided to stow them
selves away and await with bullseye
lanterns the burglars' coming 1 .
Soon after 11 o'clock the sleuths were
rewarded by the sounds of files and drills
The noise of the shrill prating came from
overhead.
"They are cutting In from the top," Bald
one detective drawing his revolver.
"Let us descend upon them in a body "
said his companion.
The detectives located the sounds fn a
room overhead, and with visions of black
masks, diamond drills and fine flies
stealthily entered. The noise st&pped and
a man Jumped out of bed. He made pro
fuse apologies for his loud nnorins and
said that If It resembled the noise of filing
he would chanjre Its key. He also ex
pressed regret that he had crushed the of
ficers' hopen bo abruptly, and turning over
In bed he went to sleep again.
Just as the officers were leaving they
met the woman. She Informed them that
she had heard the safe-crackers at work
that evening:, but they gave her the glassy
etare and passed out.
Goldberg bought the drinks.
EXCITING CHASE OF DETECTIVES AFTER SAFE CRACKERS. THEY
FOLLOWED THE SOUND OF FILES AND DRILLS. AND FINALLY
CAME TO A LODGER SLEEPING PEACEFULLY AND HEAVILY.
9
AMATEURS WILL SPAR
I FOR SILVER TROPHIES
Bay City Athletic Club to Hold Its
/ Initial Exhibition To-
Morrow Night.
The Bay City Athletic Club will hold
Its initial boxing exhibition to-morrow
evening at Its clubrooms. 320 O'Farrell
street. An excellent card has been ar
ranged and ring-goers will be treated to
some lively bouts. Jimmy Uttle Is to
meet Tom Woods at 122 pounds; Dan
Barry will box Jim Dailly at 135 pounds:
Jack Maguire and Jack Reddy will do
battle at 125 pounds; George Watson and
Alex Hart are to box four rounds, as
will Fred Bell and Jim Eagan, Abe Attell
and Dick Collins, Joe Sullivan and Hugh
Garrlty. Jim McDeavltt will act as ref
eree and Toby Irwin and Frank McCon
nell will be the judges.
The following amateurs will box for
trophies at the monthly exhibition of the
San Francisco Athletic Club to be held a
week from to-morrow night: Abe Attell
vs. Lew White, 105 pounds; Jack Doyle
vs. Jack Cordell, 110 pounds; Ben Kirby
vs. Joe Welch. 110 pounds: Kid Krell vs.
Jack Kelly, 112 pounds: Mike Hart vs.
Jack Martin, 120 pounds; Billy Snallham
vs. Jack Nolan. 120 pounds^ Ed Devlin vs.
Tommy Warren. 124 pounds: Oscar Wilson
vs. Jack Kenna.
Workman's Skull Fractured.
Ed LeidolpH, a workman employed by
the Potrero Land and Improvement Com
pany, met with a serious accident yester
day. He was blasting on Twentieth street
at a hill known as* Blue Rock Hill, in the
Potrero. A blast had lust been fired and
he run in to see the effects, when a huge
bowlder loosened by the effects of the
explosion foil and crushed him. He was
conveyed to the Receiving Hospital,
where Drs. Bunnell and Bauer found he
was suffering from a bad fracture of the
skull. All that is known regarding him Is
that he. had only been working at the Job
one day. He Is a native of Germany ana
aged about 50 years.
Hours of Laundry Workers.
The Supervisors' License Committee de
cided yesterday' to recommend that the
ordinance prohibiting the" washing and
ironing of clothes in laundries and wash
houses between the hours of 8 p. m. and
7 a, m. be Indefinitely postponed. A'dele
gatlon of laundry proprietors and their
employes addressed the committee in
favor of the present ordinance recently
passed, which prohibits laundry work be
tween 7 p. m. and 6 a. m. Their petition
was successful. v.\T*;-:
M. A. Dorn V«ry n'l.
Attorney M. A. Dorn is critically lil at
the Waldeck Sanitarium on Jones street.
It was stated at the Institution at mid
night that while Mr. Dorn is a very sick
man the attending physicians are hope
ful that he may pull through. .
Attorney Barclay Henley is trying to
compel Registrar Walsh to place Stephen
OosTello> r.ame fnr Superior Judge on the
ballot twice. The Kegistrar pays that
placing a name more than ence on the
lialiot would be a violation of the Austra
lian ballot law. Costf-llo's name will ap-
I>ear onlv under the Democratic designa
tion. Walsh expects that mandamus pro
ceedings will be brought in the effort to
compel him to give Costtllo's name a
place under the Non-Partisan heading
also.
Desires Name Twice on Ballot,
An informal meeting of the line and
Et&ff officers of th<? First California Regi
ment v.as held at the armory at Page and
Gough streets last night. Some twenty-
Eix officers were present and they dis
cussed the conditions surrounding the
election of a colonel of the regiment, but
no decision vras rtacht-d. The two candi
dates are Lieutenant Colonel T. F. ONVil
Ur.6 Lieutenant Colonel Charles Boxton.
Uoxion claims seventeen vote* and O'Keil
claims nineteen. An attempt was Hade
to have Lieutenant Culonel Charles F.
Crocker aec*-j>t the epreafl eagle, but he
declined the honor.
The First's Colonel.
SOUGHT A BURGLAR BUT
FOUND ONLY A SLEEPER
liam Schopplein's Case Is
Continued.
Albert Loux, the boy, who fatally
stabbed Daniel Harney, the newsboy, at
Clay and Mason streets September 2, ap
peared before Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
He was represented by Attorney Abraham
Ruef. He was instructed and arraigned
and by consent the case was continued till
to-morrow.
The boy. who was seated beside his
sister Miss Gabrlelle Loux, seemed to be
calm and collected and did not appear to
fully realize the seriousness of the charge
against him. He fails to see that he was
to blame for Harney's death, as he did
not mean to kill him. Harney beat him
after he had a Pght with Charley Harney
and In the mix-up Daniel was stabbed
with the knife the Loux boy had taken out
of his pocket to cut his shoestring with.
The case of William. Sehopplein. the boy
who fatally shot A. Brizzalare, another
boy, with a shotgun on Telegraph Hill,
was called In Judge Conlan's court yester
day afternoon, but the preliminary exami
nation was postponed till Friday morn
ing, as several of the witnesses could not
be present. The Judge fixed the bonds at
$r>000 and Mrs. Lena Koch qualified as one
of the sureties. The other will qualify
this morning.
Albert Loux Is Arraigned and Wil-
BOY HOMICIDES APPEAR
IN THE POLICE COURTS
We buy trunks by the carload. That'*
why we sell good trunks at reasonable
prices. Suit cases, valises, traveling bags
coin purses and | pocket-books in our
leather goods department. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Trunks and Valises.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Lora,Eichelroth from Francis C.
Eichelroth on the ground of failure to
provide, and Minnie Luton from Frank
Luton on the ground of cruelty. Miriam
B. Harton has sued Charles Bronson
Harton for divorce, alleging desertion as
cause of action.
In the Divorce Court.
Court Seal Rock of the Foresters of
America will give a musical and literary
entertainment, to be followed by a dance.
In its courtroom in the Pythian Castle to
morrow night in aid of the widow and
two children of the late Emil Erickson,
one of its members who was recently
drowned in Humboldt Bay, leaving those
dependent upon him destitute.
To Help a Forester's Widow.
Commission to Investigate.
The Police Commissioners and the Chief
may soon recommend the establishment
of a hospital in the City Prison, now lo
cated in the Hall of Justice. Last night
the board. In company with several
guests, visited the prison. One of the
matters? discussed was the location of a
hospital in oases where medical attend
ance is required immediately.
The eases which require immediate at
tendance are those which arise among
prisoners confined in cells.
Frequent Need of Immediate Attend
ance for Prisoners Arouses Police
MAY ESTABLISH NEW
HOSPITAL IN PRISON
Coroner Cole held an inquest yesterday
morning into the cause of the death of
Matthew Bulllvnn, the liveryman, who
died in St. Mary's Hospital October 12
from the effects of a knife wound Inflicted
by Naeh Ferrer. Arthur E. Mack ap
peared as attorney for Ferrer. The testi
mony was to the effect that Sullivan,
knocked Kerrer down and kicked him sev
eral times and that while Ferrer was at
tempting to regain his feet and to protect
himself from further onslaught, he drove
his pooketknife into Sullivan's skull.
Attorney Mack showed by the testimony
of several witnesses that Sullivan's repu
tation for peace and quiet was not good
and that he was of a very quarrelsome
disposition
The jury returned a verdict that death
was caused by septic meningitis, "the di
rect result of a knife wound in the head.
Inflicted by Nash Ferrer." The Jury
charged Ferrer with the crime of man
slaughter.
NASH FERRER CHARGED
WITH MANSLAUGHTER
Testimony at the Inquest Shows That
He Stabbed Sullivan in Self-
Defense™
Last night was the first time the mem
bers had met gince. and when Secretary
i'urr.minKs read the new committees at
the request of the fh.air Healy 1 ? name on
the lit>rary committee was conspicuous by
Its absence.
Tl>- l tllowtog are the committees as
they will ptand until ;he next annual
election, which will take place In the
month of February of next year:
finance — Kendrick. Nea.1. Tauspig;
buildings and repairs— Mcl^aren. Wilson.
Mead; library— Irving. Tausstg, Beanston;
lectures and classes— Wilson. Cosgrave.
Neal: printlnc and advertising— Brunt.
Beanston. Cosgrave; pavilion— Plum.
WaJlls. Mead; Folsom-Ftreet lot— Wallls.
McLaren, Mead- management— Taussig,
Wilson. Plum, Healy. Neal; exhibits—
<"OPgrave. Beanston. Healy; machinery —
Mead. Wallls. Plum: art— Neal. Healy.
33runt; music— Healy. McLaren. Neal;
tickets and admissions— Boanston, Wilson,
U«-unt; special committee on institute
properties— Irving, Plum. Healy, Taueslg,
WalJls.
Healy episode was reached by the acting
chairman. R- Ker.drick. appointing new
members for all the different committees.
At the last meeting, held about two
ff^k? ago, which was a very stormy one,
Irving and Taus=*ig refused to act any
longer on the librarv committee if Healy
cid not withdraw. After considerable ar
pum^r.t a motion, was made at that time
and carried requesting the chairman to
discharge all the committees and appoint
Colleagues Refused to Act With Him
and Beanston Takes His
Place.
The members of the different commit
tees of the Mechanics' Institute hold a
meeting la?t night, and the climax of the
HEAX.Y NO LONGER ON
LIBRARY COMMITTEE
brought to the attention of the police late
last night. While passing along Folsom
street, near the corner of Fourth, Henry
Ordway was approached by a little girl
almost naked and crying bitterly. Be
tween her sobs she said that her little
sister was dying, and asked Ordway to
come to the house and help her. He fol
lowed the child to the rear of 906 Folsom
street.
Lying naked on a bed in the one room
of the miserable home Pauline Schneider,
a six-year-old girl, lay choking to death,
tho result of a violent hemorrhage.
Ordway did what he could to relieve
the little one's sufferings and had an am
bulance called for. When it arrived not
a stitch of clothing could be found in
which to wrap the dying girl.
The ticking was torn from the mattress
and pressed into service and the little one
was sent to the Receiving Hospital. It
was found that the little one's sufferings
were caused from eating raw vegetables.
She will die, it Is thought.
The mother and two other children are
still at the Folsom street room without
food. The father is sick in a Chicago hos
pital.
Terrible Case of Poverty and Sick
ness Discovered in a Room
on Folsom Street.
A sad case of poverty and sickness was
LITTLE . ONE DYING FROM
EATING RAW VEGETABLES
King Albert's Illness.
DRESDEN, Oct. 16.— The illness of King
Albert of Saxony has become more acuto
recently. His Majesty fainted yesterday,
causing considerable alarm. It Is said his
condition to-day has improved.
CHICAGO. Oct. 16.— Jack Root, the mid
dleweight champion of the West, knocked
out Dick O'Brien of Lewiston, Me., in
three rounds to-night at Tattersall's.
Root kept O'Brien at long range by con
stant left-hand Jabbing and the latter was
unable to land a single effective blow
throughout the fight;
The first round was Root's by a big mar
gin. He jabbed O'Brien all over the ring
with straight left-hand jabs to the face.
O'Brien tried hard to retaliate with right
swings, but was unable to land.-
The second round was a repetition of
the first. O'Brien endeavored in every
possible manner to get home a punch,
but was unsuccessful. In the meantime
Root was working his left to the face
and stomach with sickening regularity
and O'Brien was wobbling when he took
his corner.
After thirty-five seconds of fighting in
the third round Root ended the one-sided
contest with a straight left to the Jaw.
O'Brien had to be carried to his corner
after being counted out and it was fully
ten minutes before he was able to walit
to his dressing-room. The men met at
catchweights.
In the preliminaries Harry Harris of
Chicago was given the decision over Cas
per Leon of New -York after six rounds
of fast fighting, in which Harri3 had a
big advantage in every round.
O'BRIEN KNOCKED OUT.
SEATTLE, Oct. 16.— Dawson advices re
ceived to-day tell of the hanging of Alex
ander King on October 2 for the murder
of Herbert Davenport on the Yukon River
on July 15. King passed a good night
preceding the hanging and never once
showed the slightest sign of fear. He
walked to the gollows steadily and re
quired no assistance at any time. He was
cool enough to talk to the hangman in a
joking way while the latter was adjust
ing the noose. When asked if he had any
thing to sey he replied:
"No, nothing to raise a Bensatlon — no
lies to tell. Be sure you fix it right: don't
strangle me." he continued to the hang
man. He died without a quiver when the
drop was sprung.
King had no property or relatives so far
as known. He was about 50 years of age
and had been a prospector all his life. At
his own request he was executed in his
rough miner's garb, moccasins and all.
Murderer Alexander King Jests With
Dawson's Hangman While the
Noose Is Being Ad
justed.
GOES SMILING TO
IGNOMINIOUS DEATH
Four houses were robbed on the Ala
meda last night. They were the residences
of Messrs. Calkins, Williams. Kelly and
Moore. Entrance was effected through
windows and but little plunder was ob
tained.
Frank Gallagher was the last victim so
far reported -and he lost $350. He had been
carousing during the night and at i
o'clock this morning fell in with Green
and a companion of the latter. Green aim
his friend got Gallagher into a stairway
on North First street and relieved him of
Ms money.
A warrant was sworn out before Jilstice
Wallace charging Green with hlghway
robbery. He was arraigned on the charge
and held on $1500 bonds, In default of
which he went to Jail. The police are now
looking for Green's accomplice. None of
the booty was found on Green when ar
rested.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 16.— Three highway rob
beries and the looting of the Manila res
taurant was the criminal record of the
city last night. This carnival of crime be
gan about sunset and closed about S
o'clock this morning with the arrest of
"Jim" Green, the pugilist, who has been
Identified as the chief actor in two of the
highway robberies.
About 3 o'clock this morning C. J. Hegu
land was held up on the Alameda. near
Sunol street, and robbed of $42 and a gold
watch. Two men did the work. A few
minutes later J. A. Dunn happened along
In the same locality and was relieved of
$15. He was in doubly bad luck for short
ly afterward the police came along and
pounced upon him as one of the robbers.
At the jail he cleared himself of all sus
picion. This morning he positively Identi
fied Green as one of the men who robbed
him.
Preceding Mr. Metcalfs address Hon.
J. J. Luchsingcr and Hon. Alden Ander
son. Republican nominees for State Sen
ator and Assemblyman, respectively,
made short and effective speeches. Hon.
A. J. Buckles, Judge of the Superior
Court, presided at the meeting.
EPIDEMIC OF HOLD-UPS
AT THE GARDEN CITY
SUISUN. Oct. 16.— The Republican rally
held here this evening was the largest
and most enthusiastic political meeting of
the campaign. Hon. Victor H. Metcalf
was the speaker and delivered a logical
and forcible address. Two years ago Mr.
Metcalf delivered in Sulsun the second
political speech he ever made. His ad
dress to-night demonstrated that the vot
ers of the Third District had sent the
right man to Congress. Mr. Mvtcalf will
score a sweeping victory in Solano Coun
ty on November 6. Besides receiving a
full Republican vote many Democrats
have signified their intention of voting
for him.
• —
Largest and Most Enthusiastic Rally
of the Campaign in the
Solano City.
METGALF ADDRESSES
VOTERS OF SUISUN
RATTLESNAKE KILLED
IN SAN JOSE STORE
Clerk Has a Narrow Escape From
Death Before the Reptile
Is Given Its
Quietus.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 15.— A rattlesnake cre
ated a sensation In the hardware store m
Chris Hirth on South First street yes
terday afternoon. When discovered it wua
coiled and prepared to strike at Gearga
Hirth. a son of the proprietor. The rat
tling by the reptile warned the you.i?
man and he stepped back in time la avoiu
being struck by the snake. The rattler
missed him but a few inches.
Young Hirth was in the office and th*
snake stood In the doorway. While prt
paring to strike again the snake was ren
dered hors du combat by a piece of irim
piping in the hands of a p!umJ>er. Uo
fore It was-ki!let3 the »nake bit itself,
thus aiding In its own destruction.
•
The reptile was two feet long and ha<l
three rattles and a button. How u got
into the business part of the city is a
mystery. It may have ueen brought m
a load -of hay or carried into the plumbing
shop in a piece of pipe returned by plumb
ers after fixing a well In the country.
INTERESTS THE COAZT
Postoffic© Changes and Patents and
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Oct. lO.-Postmasters
commissioned: California — Oscar E.
Mays. Ozena.
Pensions issued: California—Restora
tion, reissue and increase: Hubert Be*at.
dead. Red BlufT, $12. Increase: William
E. Hanford. San Francisco, $¦<: Rlchani
Felsthorn. San Francisco, $S; Hela C. lUe,
Arroyo Grande, $10. War with Spain, orig
inal: Chauncey T. Esh. Baker-field, $1-.
Oregon — Increase: Tillman G. Harmon.
Dryden. $10.
Washington — Original widows: Isabella
Haley, Goldendale, $s.
Patents issued: California— Charles W.
Arrasmith, Courtlaod, receptacle for
packing fruit: Ernest C. Atwood. Golden
Gate, assignor to Pacific Coast Syrup
Company, San Francisco, can heading
machine; Edgar Cherry. Santa Rosa,
mechanical movement: Caleb E. Cook.
Whlttier. universal support; William A.
I>oble. San Francisco, hydraulic nozzle;
MacDonald Elliott. Santa Eton, acetylene
gas apparatus; Andrew S. HaliHie. de
ceased. San Francisco (M. E. HallMle.
executrix), conveyer for ropeways: Rob
ert L. Hill. Saticoy. disk cultivator;
George Hotpner. San Francisco, assignor
to Union Scale and Manufacturing Com
pany, Sacramento, automatic weighing
machine; Peter L. Jones. San Fraiei^oo.
spring connection for vehicles; William
Lambert, Los Angeles, rotary engine;
John A. W. Lundborg. San Francisco,
dental rubber dam holder: Zephyr A.
Macabee. Ix>s Gatos. gopher trap; John B.
E. MacNamara. assignor |h.i!f to R. \i.
Warfleld, San Francisco, 4nck and latch
combined; Thomas L. Mahoney. Sun
Francisco, aprarel hat: John Manesa. San
Francisco, weighing machine; William A.
Merralls*. San Francisco, mortar for
stamp batteries: Hubert C. Ray. Visalla.
carbureter for explosive engines; Walter
G. Read. Colusa. almond hullor ami sep
arator: George N. Todd. I_«os Anijeies.
wave motor- (two).
Washington— Charles A. Casad. Seattle,
pipe boiler; Thomaa J. Johnson. Harring
ton, attachment for saw bucks; John
Sands. Seattle, water motor; George W.
Stetson. Seattle, planer.
Oregon— Alexander Kitterman, Port
land, lamp-fllllng oilcan: William A. Mil
ler. Waplnltla. drag saw.
TWO UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA GRADUATES WHO HAVE BEEN
CALLED TO BERLIN TO TAKE PART IN IMPORTANT WORK NOW
BEING CARRIED ON BY THE ROYAL PRUSSIAN ACADEMY.
SIGNORINA ESTEFANO COLLAMARINI. THE FAMOUS DIVA NOW
AT THE TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. WHOSE PERFORMANCE OF CAR
MEN HAS AROUSED ADMIRATION AMONG THE CRITICS.
BERKELEY. Oct. 16.— As a recog
nition of the high standing of the
University of California two of
Its graduate students have been
summoned to Berlin to take part
!n Important astronomical calculation
:.ow being conducted by the Koyal Prus
fian Academy of Sciences. The young
men eo honored are Russell Tracy Craw
ford and Frank Elmore Ross.
The work which the two students have
to do Is assisting In the compilation of
"The Thesaurus Posltionum 'Stellarum
Kixarum," to be published by the Royal
Prussian Acadomv. This work will em-
Uody all the results thus far obtained in
i!Ve determining of the positions of the
fixed stars. It has been undertaken by
Dr. Rlstenpart, one of the greatest of
European mathematical a<-tronomers.
who. while at Heidelberg and Kiel, saw
the difficulties under which astronomer?
labored on account of the inadequacies of
the star catalogues In existence, .^o
formed a plan for the publication of a
work which will embody the results of
the labor* of an astronomer* in th.» past
on determining the r«n»ition of lixcl £'ars
On his plan bcirj: leari.ed by the Royal
Prussian Academy of Science* he was im
media:e!y fumrauncd to H^rlln and an
immense" furti <^f money was set aside for
the undertaking.
The Thesuuru.*. when completed, will
indicate the position of some M0.000 fixed
Ftars. It will be the one complete cata
logue of them and will be fundamental for
stellar astronomy of all future times. Sev
eral years will be taken to complete the
calculation.
The appointments of Ross and Craw
ford were made by Dr. Ristenpart. Both
young men have zraduated from th«
State University. Ross receiving his B.S.
in 1S?6 and Crawford in 1837. They «are
now taking post-graduate work and aro
lioth candidates for the degree of doc
tor of philosophy next spring. Both
have published papers in astronomical
journals and have had favorable attention
drawn to their work.
The young men are students of rare
ability. Both have been student assistants
at the Berkeley astronomical department
and fellows at the Lick Observatory. Mr.
Crawford is at present at Mount Hamil
ton.
These two graduate students are the
only Americans who have been offered
appointments by Dr. Rlstenpart. It is a
high compliment to their ability and to
the splendid advantage* which California
offers to her astronomical students.
Ros»s> and Crawfonl will remain hero
until spring to receive their doctors' de
grees. They will then go to Berlin and,
besides their work, will pursue higher
studies at the university there.
Salassa's Toreador 13 good, as is every
thing that the clever actor-singer at
tempts, but the braggadocio role is not
Ms happiest part. Repetto pleases as
Micaela. but the vo'ce strikes one as bo
ing a little light for the part. NIcolini
does excellent service as Zuniga, and the
lS one of the beat roles in his repertoire.
re«,t all nil well their parts. It Is to he
regretted that the Italian half-singins
half-speaking interpolations should be in
terpreted in good Yankee everyday speech
— in the tavern scene by Schuster* anil th<j
other brigands— it i.s the one seriously in
artistic touch in the whole performance
and against all artistic precedent.
THE third edition this season of
"Carmen" was given at the Tlvoli
Opera-house last evening before
one of the largest audiences in
the history of the popular house.
Hundreds unablo to get seats were turned
away.
The measure of popular appreciation
happened in this ca.=e to be a just one.
Rarely indeed has San Francisco heard
so good a Carmen as the Collamarini—
rarely indeed has so good a Carmen been
so admirably supported. In the notable
cast Salassa appears as the toreador,
Russo as Don 'Jose, Nlcolinl as Zuniga
and Repetto as Mlcaela, and all seemed
Inspired to highest effort by the pplendid
Carmen of Collamarini, who herself ap
peared inspired in turn with the congenial
atmosphere. Her conception of the fas
cinating, gypsy— the only operatic heroine,
by the way, entirely destitute of any sav
ing grace— only arouses to new admiration
with each additional performance seen.
Her glorious voice of richest timber, an
swering without effort and instantly to
the painted mood, her fine truth and grace
of gesture, her luxuriant physical charms,
her admirable art, all make a picture that
will not be easily forgotten by those for
tunate enough to have seen and heard
her.
The Don Jose of Russo last evening was
in amusing contrast to his performance
of the same part some weeks ago with
another Carmen. There was in that case
a really absurd discrepancy of size, and
the little tenor, who h&s no small sen?e
of the ridiculous, could not help betray
ing his appreciation of the humor on't.
Last night it was different and the Don
Jose of Signor Russo must be set down
Given Fine Support
by Others in
Cast.
Sings Before Audi
ence That Paeks
House.
This was not exciting enough, so Mur
ray did the usual thing In such cases
made and provided. He rode his horse
into the saloon owned and operated by a
man named Ager. Murray wanted more
whisky and when it did not come fast
enougn he phot a few bottles to pieces
with his revolver. This accelerated tne
movements of the barkeeper and Murray
added still more to his overplus of whisky
and blood.
During these antics Murray's horse was
charging around the saloon and a large
oil lamp was overturned. In a moment
the room was in a blaze, and Murray rode
his horse out into the back yard. Here
he found himself enclosed with a high
board fence on three sides with no hopo
of escape and the burning saloon on tne
other, lagging his spurs into his horse he
charged through the flre and down the
road up .which he had come.
The people of Sunol turned out to fight
the flre first, and when they had suc
ceeded in putting that out they turned to
look for Murray. But Murray had al
readv gone and nothing remained but the
damaged saloon and the recollections of a
lively night for Sunol.
Murray came from somewhere out of
the darkness in the canyon over near
Pleasanton. As Sunol is a very quiet lit
tle town Murray's presence was soon no
ticed, for a fusillade of shots from a re
volver does not occur there every night
in the week. When the; shots attracted tho
attention of the good people of Sunol and
they peered cautiously out into the night
they beheld Murray charging up and
down the main street shooting as he
went.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 16.
With blood in his eye, cartridges In his
revolver and a plentiful supply oflwhisky
In his stomach, Charles Murray rode Into
Sunol last .night, lie increased the sup
ply of blood in his eye and whisky in his
stomach and decreased the number of.
cartridges in his revolver while he took
possession of the town for about an hour.
Urges His Horse Into a Saloon,
Knocks Over a Lamp and Then
Escapes Through the
Flames.
A Cowboy Makes Things
Very Exciting at
Sunol
RODE HIS HORSE
THROUGH A FIRE
AT TIVOLI COL.LAMARIN1
REPEATS FIRST TRIUMPH
THE members of the Sunnyslde
Improvement Club made last
night a most graceful acknowl
edgment for the many and Import
ant services rendered the district
by their president, Gustave Schnee. The
securing by Mr. Schnee of six arc lights
which have recently^ been placed In posi
tion and were in operation last night for
the first time Is one of these services.
A largo number of Mr. Schnee s fellow
members called at his residence, dragging
an elaborately decorated carriage almost
burled under flowers, flags and bunting
and made him and his wife take their
places within. The carriage was then
pulled by the enthusiastic citizens to Sun
nyslde Hall, where the ladies of the dis
trict were In attendance and where Mr.
Schnee was given an ovation. -
A banquet was served and sixty-eight
couples partook of th«» good things pro-
Mr.* Schnee lost his composure and very
feelingly thanked his friends and neigh
bors for his magnificent reception and
pledged himself to continue the good work
with all his energy until Sunnyslde had
become the finest suburb of the city
• As his fellow-workers presented Mr
Schnee with the silver tablet the ladies',
not to be outdone, gave to his wife an
enormous bouquet of flowers, tied with
masses of ribbons of the national colors.
vlded. Many speeches were made, among
the speakers being John A. Johnson. Au
gust Ewell, J. H. North. M. Hotun, Wi A.
Hicks and M. Avers. They all eulogized
Mr. Schnee for his most earnest. Intelli
gent and unremitting efforts In behalf of
the neighborhood.
As a fitting, end to the speechmaklng
TV. B. Peel. In the name of the residents,
presented Mr. Schnee with a solid silver
tablet. suitably engraved, gratefully ¦ ex
tolling the recipient for his services in the
presentation address.
. _____
ENGRAVED FACE OF SOLID 8ILVER TABLET PRESENTED LAST
NIGHT TO GUSTAVE SCHNEE, PRESIDENT OF THE SUNNTSIDE
IMPROVEMENT CLUB, BY GRATEFUL MEMbziRS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1900.
CALLED TO BERLIN BY THE
ROYAL PRUSSIAN ACADEMY
r>
POSTUM CEEEAL.
AMOPJG THE CLERGY.
Coffee Being Replaced by Postum
Pood Coffee.
"1 am the wife of a minister. About
three years ago a warm friend, an ex-
emplary mother and the conscientious
wife of a minister, asked me if I had
ever tried giving up coffee and usine
the Postum Food Coffee. I had been
telling' her of my excessive nervousness
and ill health. She said: 'We drink
nothing else for breakfast but Postum
Food Coffee, and it is a dclieht and a
comfort to have something that we do
not have to refuse the. children when
they ask for it.'
"I was surprised that she would per-
mit the children to drink even the food
coffee, but she explained that it was a
most healthful beverage and that the
children, thrived on it. A very little
thought convinced me that for brain
work one should not rely unon a stimu-
lant such as coffee is. but should have
food and the very best of food.
"My first trial of Postum was a fail-
cre. The rnmid of all work brought tt
to the table lukewarm, weak and alto-
gether lacking in character. We were
in despair, but decided on dne more
trial. At the second trial we faithfully
followed the directions, used four tea-
spoonfuls to the pint of water, let it
boil full fifteen minutes after the real
boiling be{ran, and served it with rich
cream. It was delicious and we were
all won. . f
"I have «ince suns the praises of Pos-
tum Food Coffee on manv. manv occa-
sions and have induced numbers of
friends to abandon coffee and use Pos-
tum, with remarkable results. The wife
of a college professor said to me a short
time afjo that nothinc had ever pro-
duced bo marked a change in her hus-
band's health as the leaving off of cof-
fee and the use of Postum Food Cof-
fee.*' Edith Smith Davis, Appleton,
ADVEBTISZITENTS.
"SENT FREETO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vl^or
to Hen.
A Free Trial Pnekasre Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured no many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental ana
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men whi»
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Ju.«t where It is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and ha» been an absolute success la
all cases. A request to the State Medical
. Institute. E'.ektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free *rlal packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reachlns that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness ¦when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
Btrlctlons. Any man who writes will bo
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that It3 recipient need
have no fea<* of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers arc requested to writ*
i without delar.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. ]
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until U o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— It: Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. in.
800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CJ9 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
€1.'. Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1I«41 Mission street; open until 10 p. n_r
1261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
ontil S p. m.
ICC Eleventh «treet; open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia etreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner" Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; rpen ur.til 8 p. m.
CIII'RCII SERVICES.
IMPORTANT — Special meetings in Pioneer
Hall. Fourth St.. near Market. Thursday. Fri-
day and Saturday. October 18 to 20. at 10 a-
m., 2:30 and "-AZ p. m.; Sunday. O-tober 21.
2:30 nnd T:4ii p. m. A variety of Scripture
subjects discussed. Addresses. Bible readings, j
Goei«l preaching, etc. • Undenominational.
Seats fre*. Come. Bring your Bible.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 1?4 F. and A. m :
M.— D»cree 3 THIS EVENING. Octo- _#%. j
b*r IT. _t 7:30 o'clock. By order of the 1K_«
W. M. H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /^r^
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. _•
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDN'ES- _^\-
DAY) EVENING. October XT. at 7 It/C
o'clock. Second degree. / ~r a
THEO. E. SMITH. Sec.
¦MISSION Lo-re No. 169. F. and A. M.— «t
¦Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) VV_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de-7t^k
cree. GEO. D. FLACK. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Hesu- _ft
lir meeting will be bold on WED- W^SSTA
eCESDAT EVENING. < Ttober IT. SjWre '
1900. All the members arc requested iJjjjjjg) j
to be present for a very Important ~™
buFi:.oe* end appropriation. Tickets for our ,
thirtieth _nniv«r*ary ball, which will take j
pla'-e nex' Saturday evenin*. October S>. at ,
Turn Verem Hall. r_: Turk «treet. will 1*
ready for distribution at the meetirg or can ;
be had from members of the b?ll commit lee. :
By order ot
J. L RAKOVKTJ. President.
AUG. MIKULICH, R__ Secretary. _ I
ANNUAL MEETING— Ropular annual meet- j
Ing of BtockfioMerr of the KILAUEA SUGArt j
PLANTATION OO. will be held at the of- j
f.^y. «f th* company. No. 327 Market rl.. San .
Franci^o. California, on WEDNESDAY.
the 24th day of October. WK). at 11 o'clock
a. nv. for the t>ur;w>*e ot electing a board :
cf cirertorF to serve fcr the enpuinir year.
_n_ the transaction cf such other business as ;
msy com* t-efi re th» meetir*. Transfer book* I
c!»»e on Saturday. October IS, at 12 o'clock m. ]
E. H. SHELDON. S-vr-tary.
AGENTS WANTED. • j
WANTED— A rartner with tSOOQ cash: an ex- |
elusive business; nc competition; good money .
from the start: vvill bear invest igration: call In '
jierson. HERRICIv. 1417 Brush et.. Oakland. :
CANVASSERS wanted to sell an article UFed In ¦
every household. Apply at 13 Trinity St..
room 7.
TO handle Hob!n«on's Thermal Bath Cabinet.
Pacific Apmts Supply Co., 1_N Tr^at ave. '
AGENTS— La<^y or sentlerr.en; blp commissions.
rr.OF. HAUSSJ-E-ffl niotc Studio. 141S Mkt.
/GENTS cr afc:i:ty ar.-l experience in life lnsur-
3r.ee. Call at rmw 1"1. '-•' Market, cor Sixth.
•asimiai/itm hooking.
J. PK1/T1F.R. aj-phalt rooting, sidewalks: cellar
flrvfTl ?»1rt. repaired: portal. 11KC Mission St.
ASTUOLOGV.
DR C T. TAYLOR, scientific astroloper: call
for free copy "The Now Moon." 7C3 Market.
MME. RICKEY— A«trolojt1»t: homncope-. *«0^:
o»rd reading and palmistry. i5c. WZZ Misgioii-
ATTOUXEYS AT I, *\V.
R. W. KING, attorney at law, 527 Market St.,
room £27 — Estates, damajres. attachments,
bankrui'try, T,ll»ctic.n?; all cases: fair fe»s:
no advance charges; money leaned on estates.
ADVICE fire; divorce law a specialty; rmate;
ni f<?« without mcot__: collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law. SM Market, cor. Stockton.
I~ED\V. JAHRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market rts.; phone R»a CIC2.
FREE advire; dlvr-rce laws, damajres. estates*,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. SM Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
VT. Davidson, 927 Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Prreckel? 1M*.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance
ni T SINESS CHAXCES CONTINUED.
A^LuliB7NG~sl^rittnTloSIlonT^nap for
good man. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A CORNER grocery and bar; big stock; all
fresh goods; sickness. Cowing & Co.. 719 Mkt.
A— RESTAURANT in best part of city; must
be sold this day. COWING, 719 Market st.
A — HOTEL; best location; money maker; call
at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A—CORNER saloon; good location: this is a
barrain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— ROOMING house; north Market: line loca-
tlon: clears S75 month. COWING. 719 Market.
A— GROCERY store; fine location; receipts J150
day; positive bargain. Cowing & Co.. '713 Mkt.
BIXKTK of American Oil Company stock for
sale or exchange; cheap; make an offer.
FOWLER & CO.. 1413 Call building.
A SNAP— Coffee and chop house; rheumatism
compels sale at once. 239 Kigtolh_«t.
OL_T established small Jewelry store for sale
cheap; owner 111. Address box IS. 106 llth st. |
FOR sale— Grocery and bar doing a good busi-
ness. Call or address 31 Cedar ave. : no agents.
FOH sale, below cost, the Burgess Planing
Mill; ea-y terms. 545 flraxman st.
FOR SALE — Grocery and bakery; corner store;
rent $15. 551 Natoma st.
GOOD business chance: day saloon; rent cheap.
G. W. GRAMS, 200 Clay; wholesale district.
BATiHERS- 2-chair shop for sal» cheap. Ad-
dress B. F. CHRISTIAN. Martinez. Cal.
FOR RENT— Fine coal yard cheap; central Id-
eation. Apply 2101 Central ave.. Alameda.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOH SALE.
65 ROOMS, corner. J40-K); B0 rooms $4900
% room*, corner, new furniture WW
65 rooms; apartment house X".5?aa
40-rcom hotel in the Mission X\.$2500
2* rooms Elii? st.. near Hyde; bargain.
10 rooms; Ellis st.; bargain ooO
4 rooms, O'Farrell st SjO
12 rooms. Geary st •• " po
Will loan you money at l'i to buy a hou"»e.
DAVIS & RIVES, room 69. 916 Market St.
9- ROOM flat- central; no reas'ble offer refused^
10 moms: Turk st.; must eell to-day »£«
12 rocms; veiy convenient; to-day only — *m
15 rooms: O'Farrell st; only ,'", .
32 43 W f* SS rocais. We have several selec-t
boariinK-housee for sale cheap. CaU and get
a list. HAYES & WILSON. 838 Market Et.
(The Elite).
11 ROOMS: rer.t $27; Income J73 J4M
IS rooms: 1 floor: oait furniture; full «w>
IS rooms; central: clears $38 month 60)
20 rooms; apartments; paying; no work.. IjW
(A rooms' : clean: new: clears V.W month.. 3000
30 rooms; rent $100: income J229 month... liOO
209 more. Pleaee call. MONEY TO LOAN.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. room 1.
19 ROOMS; look at the price; only — $3M ;
17 rooms; worth $SOf>; will sell for cmO |
69 rooms; 60 rooms rented steady; the great-
est money maker In the city; for bargains
don't forget the place. EMERY, 3 Eddy St.,
rooms 1 and 2. Phone Mint 1016.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
IS rooms; rent $30: north of Market *4oO
15 rooms; corner: rer.t J50 wo
34 rooms; rent S35 only g*) j
• 23 rooms; paying house WKM
S3 rooms; corner: offices 3JW j
A— 22-ROOM rooming house; central tlOOO •
20-room house; flrst class 'J* j
11-room house; $4T5; 6-room flat J-J j
20-room house: Eddy: rent *75; only 90«i ¦
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market St. j
LOIXJING-HOUSE buyers. attention — Houses j
at reduced prices; genuine barga!n«: sires and j
location to suit: money loan>»<i. SCHWEIN- I
HARD & CO.. SIT Market st., bet. Fifth and
Sixth, phone 131^
TpaRTMENT house — IS rms., well furn.; gas
stoves; water free: always full. 622 G. G. ave.
10 ROOMS for sale; must sell at once; cause,
- FickneKS. 702 Howard St.
NICELY furnished 15-room house; cheap rent;
easy termt, or cheap for cash. "42 OFarrMl.
CARRIAGES AM) WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
eU\. cheap. EGAN Sz SON. 2117 Mission gt.
TWO horses, 2«r.O lbs., harness, wagon, cow Ad-
cress K 1 P : nR_^K_____________J_J___*. ]
! AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
¦ camping wagon, for sale cht-ap. M2 Mission.
i NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts rf~har- >
I n y« g . work &¦ driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
j ARRIVED Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
DENTISTS.
AT the^E^CTRcT-laENTALr^INIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you i can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 50 up; plates, extractions free, J4 50 up, 01-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p m G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by m> won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years .ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose. Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work' teeth without a plate; fillings. Me;
crowns, $3 60; plates, full eet. $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Pflr-
lors. 24 Sixth St. ____
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market 6t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bria_es; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
TEKTII extracted free; plates. J5; crowns, $3 50;
briJce work, $5; all the latest methods for
jiainlpss dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. ltP6 Market, cor. Q. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per get; extracting, &0c; gas given.
DR WALSH. S15»i Geary, nr. Larkln— Painless
estraction 50c; plates $5 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices in S^ F.; painless extraction.
50c. New York Dentists. 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, »: fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNO,
1J41 Polk st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. }1 per year.
DHESSMAKEIIS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
FAIKFIELD'S Millinery Academy: call & ex-
amine work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, overO' Connor-. Moffatt.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
S. F. r*rosFmaklng, Ladies' Tailoring and
llnery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; individual instruction. $S per
month; life scholarship. $30; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
a'nd is the best In S. F. ; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH ColleRe, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, e_:>ert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; renortorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course ST.O; catalogue.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poet St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping:, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining enslneering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor, Phelan building.
SPANISH classes day and evening, S03 Larkln
st.. cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week. $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
i mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
i $13. TARR, expert accnt., 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. O. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 3C2 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch.; day., eve.; e-?t. 1S64
VAN* DER NAILLEN' SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, J2
mo.; hours, 2-4, 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typln~, Bookkeep-
ing-. Spanish. 137 Mont'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
FRENCH. S.panlFh.etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcaaemy
of Languages, 320Post; estab. 1S71; ablest profs.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 303 Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr, 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
BATH CABINETS.
ROPINPON V). 4-p_n>?l folding; door op^nf; firm '
end yafe. W. S. HKOWN. gen, agt., 41^ Eiiis.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to board ;
infants. C3S Jessie Bt.. in rear. j
IMSINESS CHANCES.
X— U'd— CORNER Falooii in wholeFale district; I
rent $5ft; good j>aylng business.
A tVrijn E_l<x>r. In wholesale and manufactur- j
lnc district: doing an Ai paying businej««; n>er- j
eantil-e lur.ch: a splendid offer. Call R. U. ]
WILKE. 20Vv Kearny M. ;
LADY cr gentleman with business ability to ;
liuv interest in mvclicine business; experience
not necemary. Call R. U. WILKE. 2CH j
Kearny »t.
ATTENTION, RESTAURANT MEN!
A— $700u; cafe with long lease, close to Mar- ¦
ket Ei-.d Powell sts. ; surrounded by theaters, j
tnd doing a r-Fhing bup'.r.ff«; customers and ¦
price* firyt r!at"F: r-ri*'-te dining rooms, with
ladle?' entrances; flckn^ss compels owner to I
leave the c;ty. Particulars R. G. WILKE, ;
26^ Kearr.y et. I
X^$S*O: BUTCHER ehop. with horse and cart.
la best location of Western Addition; place j
mabl'.rhed for years and doing a first-class (
tiuf'.ne?p; a Fp'.enflid chance lor any man.
Ca'.l R. G. WILKK. 26'i et. !
>— $4(vi : BLILHUB shop on Valencia St.:
monthly rccetpta about $1200; selling 4 cattle
per week; low rent; good business. Call H.
G. WILKE. 2C 1 2 Kearny gt
A — COAL. -.-oca. hay and grain: fine paying
business: good corner; cheap rent; 3 horses;
3 v .SLfrons. harnesses, etc. ; everything first-
class; must nil; make offer. I_ane. SGO Mrkt.
$250— RESTAURANT In "a fine location; good
bos. ; preat bargain. Lane & Co.. KOJ Market.
>«W— THE bfst candy an-1 icecream store, with
factory, in this city for the money; investi-
gate at once. T^ANE, SC3 Market st.
IT you want to buy or cell a grocery, branch
bakery, notion or stationery s*ore. cigar store.
or any kind of buslnp?*, call on us; we have
places of all kin^B for Fale in _ny part of the
city. EMERY. 3 Eddy st., rooms 1 and 2.
$2500— LIQUOR store for sale; investigation ln-
vited; good rauons; terms to suit purchaser;
no scents; an opportunity for two good men.
Address box 3C23. Call.
5rVeH stork for Bale; the Btock of T. C. Conk-
lin, CT2 Clay st.. is for sale; it can b* in-
Fpert«-d a' _bove place; sale will be made In
a few days.
A PROFITABLE manufacturing- business fir
f>»|e; small capital required. Call at 116 Sec-
ond St.. third floor, rm. 1. and Investigate.
HALF interest In grocery bUFlncss for sale In
Watfnvllle. Ad<lre«* before the 20th. M.,
box 633, Wnteonville. Cal.
FOR sale — Good-paying restaurant with living
room; euitaWe for couple! no agents; trial
riven. CIS Sacramento st.
FOR sale — Good laundry business; ch»ap. Ap-
ply P. O. bo- 303, San Rafael.
SALOON for EaJe; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East St., north of Market; no agents.
FOR sale — Laundry route paying ISO per
month; $400. Box 4745. Call office.
BUSINESS property; must sell in 10 days; any
price; very little cash require-. 2008 Mission.
CIGAR store for eale reasonable; good locality.
Call at 2S Eddy St.
$:M0 icr a well pnying grocery and saloon; all
ca?h trade: no bcok business; dointr business
cbrut J1000 a month: cheap rent and S years'
lease. Inquire Call office. *
FOR rale or exchange for city property— Floe
rummer re*ort and springs; the best-paylnj;
proposition for money required. Apply D. E.
nESKCKKR. 306 Pine gt. '
RKSTAURAN'T and bakery in a prosperous
town near city; receipts large; rood prices;
& liberal offer will be made to those meaning
business; m;:F». be sold. Lane & Co., S65 Mkt.
FOR -_!. — At mw, sailors' boarding-house and
saloon: doing good paying business and the
Jx-Mt part cf the water front. 8 Clay st.
VALUABLE Canadian patent; Iron; business
for life: absolute control; fortune to buyers.
Box 3C44. Call office.
CAPITAL wented— Bicycle tire that will not
nunct-re. Address or call Thursday at 108V»
Toll ft.
A PINK I«rre store to let on O'Farrell St.. near
Powell; Eultabie for any business; cheap rent.
ATPly -t 15 Grant ave.
till— fiALOON with 2 living rooms; cause of
F4.1e other business. Apply at saloon. 154
Flf^th «t.
IN Oakland— Cigar, notion and periodical stand;
well established; best location; suitable for
man and wife. Box 2CS7. CaU office. Oakland.
BAKERS— Baltcrr for sale: bargain. NW. cor-
mmr 7w-_r-&_-i c_4 Guerrero els..
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed..Frt.
ev'y come and be convinced. (Permanently)
61 S Eddy et., bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
MISS L LLEWELLYN will hold a test circle
Thursday. October IS, at 343 Lisbon St., near j
China ave.; 10c.
ATTEND Mme Marquise's convincing test cir-
cle to-night at E; 10c. 5 Hyde st. : read, daily. |
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st.. roomj.
"CONSULT WATSON," 1581 Market, nr. 12th; |
"Brofessional" palmist and medium; 25c, 50c. j
CIRCLE to-night: convincing test 8 p. ro. ; Mrs. j
Maxwell; readings dally. 1238 Howard st.
SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, at 1610
California St.
1 PHOF. GEE medium— Startlinc tests; circles
i every night, 10c; readings, 50c, $1. 145 6th.
! FRIENDSHIP Hall, 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
! Meyer, dlt.daily; convlnc'g teststo-nlght: 10c.
MRS J. j; WHITNET. clairvoyant, test, busl-
n*ss medium, life reader: Fittings ST. 1104 Mkt.
" CLAIItVOVAXTS..
' MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
r»-ader, born with double veil & second sight.
1 •lia_no<"'s dlsea«2 with life reading; ladles
i DOe, gent $1; palm & clalr. fit. $1 30. 126 Turk.
! JVST returned. MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clalrvoy-
: ladies, 25c; gents. DOc. 34 Sixth Ft., room 6.
i ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
i palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
! eth: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
I MRS. E SANDERS. 514 Taylor St., near Geary
I — Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
'> ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Frt. 8; clr. 2ic
; MME BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
' eiven in all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller, gives b»?st aflvlce In difficult
j matters. 19 Fulton St.. near Larkln.
i MRS. CAMERON, carl reader, medium; 25c up.
' 823 Mission st.; don't forget number; ring bell.
j ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr., card reader;
i names given; 10 to 9. 3 Fulton St.. r. Z9-30.
' MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
; ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
i MME. BAKER, card readfr and palmist, room
! IS, third floor. 1429 Mission St.; no sign.
I 7.KMDAR. younsr, gifted clair.. card reader;
¦ names given; 10 to 9. 3 Fulton St.. rms. 23-30.
I CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrUt, palm-
; 1st and card reading. 25c. 12U'j Market st.
i MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
j 1st and csrd reader: 2">c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
I VRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
j medium. 42* Golden Gate ave.
J MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
j MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
! MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212^ Sixth st. •
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
j advice: namw given: 25c up. S Fourth st.
j CARPET~BEATING AND CLEANING.
STANDARD, 312 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
j kets renovated, 2Sc per pair; carpets cleaned,
j 3c yd. ; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; teL South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at Cc.
! STR^TTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission- 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, rogr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 230.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. -402 Sutter St.;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 853 Golden
Gate avenue; telephone East 126. .
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless:conpult'n free. Dr. J>uncan,415 Sutter.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES:
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
Irss successful. Room 310. S27 Market st. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms; yard. Key G23
Second st.. near Mall Dock.-
\DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c: city visits. $1 50: all
enlmals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely*« C. P. manse cure and worm pills,
X by. druggi-ta or At bovlULXlO Golden Gato av.
_ntt_S_ta_$. . r 'J__S___B__H
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
FRED WAXLVTS, Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds held. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co. —Walters, cooks,
dishwashers; f>!«t. 1SS0. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic sen-. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORFHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi- j
n«se help. 420 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel.BIack 5072. i
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
I3.M 1'L.O Y-MENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A NORTH German girl wishes situation to
do general housework and cooking; small
—.ashing; — races J23; references. Call after-
neons 42S Tehama 6t., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
A YOUNG German lady wishes position as
lady's maid, nursery governess, seamstress or
upstairs work for country. Address box 4744,
Call office.
A YOUNG lady, speaking French and German,
wishes position as lady's maid, seamstress,
nursery governess or upstairs work. Box 369S,
Call office.
WANTED— By steady young girl from country,
position as nurseglrl or second work; private
I family; wages $15 a month. Apply 823 Pine st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as house-
keeper in small family; city or country. 42O»£
Clementina st.
COMPETENT young woman wishes work by
tho day washing and hbusecleanlnsr. Pleaee
Call at 1155 Folsom St.. after 2 p. m.
A YOUNG girl wlsnea a stuatlon to do general
housework in a private family. Please call
at 811 Geary st.
AMERICAN cook where a second girl is kept;
wages $25 to. $30. Box 3C99. Call office.
POSITION as housekeeper by respectable wo-
man; do trlflcra. Box 36CO, Call office.
WOMAN ---ants vrork by the day, 80c; city; ref-
erencq. Boat 3611. Call office.
COMPETENT girl wants situation In small
family; wages $20. 1022 Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS cook. Swedlsn. wishes situation.
Address box 3C35. Call office.
EXPERIENCED waitress wishes a place in a
restaurant. Call at 15 Minna st
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes the full charge
of infant or two children; best city reference.
Call 120 Hayes at.
YOUNG woman of good address would like po-
sition as lady's maid and uostalrs work In
first-class family; wages $25 to $.30. Box 3657.
Call office. \
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework
or second work; wares $25 or $30. Please call
at 12 Rltch st., oft Folsom, bet. 3d and 4th.
WINCHESTER House. U Third St.. near Mar-
ket- :oo rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 60 to $•
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bagcage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for CaU advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
GERMAN and wife wish positions on ranch or
private residence: man to do general work
around ranch, ¦ woman as cook ; best of ref-
erences. Address box S625. Call office.
YOUNG man with good habits and a High
School education would like a position In some
business establishment. Box 3700, Call office.
COMPETENT double entry bookkeeper desires
position; city or country. Address box S621,
Call office.
SOBER American, thorough in all details,
want- situation In hotel or restaurant. , Box
3522, Call office.
WANTED— A situation by a cook In hotel, res-
taurant or boardlcg-house. Call 62 Second st.,
room 14. . ' •
YOUNG man, slightly deaf, desires position as
choreman: city or country. Address J. C.
W... 916 Wood st., West Oakland.
_ — . 1 1 1 , t ,. ,.
BARKEEPER— Sober and experienced young
bartender wants situation: wages no object.
" Box 4742. Call office. ' .
FRENCH cook wishes situation - In hotel or
. coffee house. Address D. L., 275 Stevenson.
YOUNG man of good habits would like Job In
horseshoeing shop; several years' experience.
Address box ¦ 2696, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
BAKER— Bread and cake baker wants position, c
313 Leavenworth st. • -
SOBER married man wants position . as fore-
¦ man of a ranch, stock, fruit or vineyard; had
experience handling bis crew of men and gen-
eral work; best reference. Address box 3643,
Call office. ___-
YOUNG man with business experience wishes
position of some kind; can correspond in Eng-
lish and German. Address box 3645, Call
office, Oakland. .
A THOROUGH firygoods man. 26 years old.
speaking English. German. Spanish, is look-
ing for suitable position. Care of W.
LOEWE. S20 Laguna st.
YOUNG man with a good education desires an
office position; can do typewriting and short-
hand: salary $20. C. RUSSELL, 808 Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco.
YOUNO man with some knowledge of watch- j
making wishes to learn trade thoroughly.
Address box 3646. Call office. Oakland. _
YOUNG man, well educated and Informed, de- ¦*
clres a private secretaryship or similar posl-
tlon. Address W. J. B.. box 36S6. Call office.
WAXTED— Position in hotel, country, as porter
or pantry man by Swede, 35; smart and
handy. Box 363S, Call office.
COOK #.n}ts place: hotel, restaurant, mining
camp; city or country. Box 3639, Call office.
GERMAN couple wish situations; gentleman
as barkeeper, woman as waitress or chamber-
mald; city or country. Box 3637. Call office
BOY would like to learn baker's trade: has had
experience; German bakery preferred. Room
16. 140 Minna at.
COACHMAN wants situation on private coun-
try place to care for horses," lawn and gen-
eral work; good references. Box 3652, Call.
2 JAPANESE good boys wish* positions; one as j
cook and other at table and housework. T.
ITO. 1010 Pine st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation to do
any kind of work. W. HARU. 466 Jessie st.
JAPANESE bey wants place as schoolboy. "
Box SK53. Call Office. J
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position, cook or
waiter. In small family. H. OMA. 1010 Pine.
CHINESE boy desires situation as plain cook j,
In private family; wages $5 week. GEE CEP,
809 Dupont st.
CHINESE desires situation as cook in private
family; wages $30 to $35. ONG LIP, 809 .
Dupont st. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and -
Bubpcriptlons has been established at 1096 Va- '
lencla bt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
jnsted. N. Manasse. oculist optician, aio Mkt.
FIXANCIAL.
.--,--,- -g - - -^..,-,_,- , .^ . -..-.i ¦!-¦ .„- i-u- - r- i- -.r J
IF you have blocks or bonds of any kind for
•ale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
100 HOUSES and FLATS TO RENT.'
1207V. Dev'd'o; f. 6 r.$25 1925 Dev'd'o: h. 8 r..J32 '
1CP9V4 Turk: f. 6 r... 17 36S Fell: h. 8 r 23 .
575 Gear r: 1. 4 r 9 817 Union; h. 10 r... 35 j
919 Vallejo; f. 4 r... 10 2511 Sac'to; h. 9 r... 60 I
Flats wanted. SPECK & CO., €67 Market st. .
FIVE sunny rooms and bath. 31& De Long
ave.. near Waller St. ¦ '
IF you want to move get printed list flats to Ut
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
$20— UPPER flat 5 rooms: 611 Washington st.,
between Kearny and Montgomery; key in i '.
store below. j
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly '
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postace paid.
FURMTVRE FOR SALE. •
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 50, with No.
7 ranee. Klne Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar- .
ket st.; telephone South 637. •
FURNITURE 3 rooms cheap; no dealers. JOHN
ROBERTS. 10 Hopeton ter.. Washington st. ;
FUIIMTURK WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets, :
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission "st.. pays hlchent
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354. ;
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission. ;
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk O4;
furniture & furn'd houses boucht; spot cash. ;
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 7S7 Mission: tel. Red 3.153.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
cTiirHANiEX & CoTT^HONiTGRAXTMB
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ,
2 waitresses*, railroad eating-house, $20: 4
waitresses, different country hotels, $a): wait-
ress, city, $10; 21 chambermaids to wait, city
and country, $20; woman cook, $40, city, call
early; 2 lunch waitresses, $3 50, no Sunday
work; 2 plain laundresses, country hotel, $25
each: chocolate dipper, $10 week, and many
others
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and laundress, small family, city, $25;
2 cooks, $30;'ltallan housekeeper, $15; German
housekeeper; housegirls, second girls, nurse-
elrls. city and country. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. |
SCANDINAVIAN or German houseglrl, small j
family in country, see party here at 11 a. m.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St. j
A WOMAN to cook for men, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
A WOMAN to cook for men, $25; a nurso, lni
valid, $15. MIS3 CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— An elderly lady *** housekeeper;
German or American; more as a home than
wages. 612 Treat ave.. near Nineteenth.
WANTET>— An experienced finisher on ladles'
tailoring. 524 Poat St.
WANTED— Skirt trimmers and makers; also
waist makers. MRS. E. M. SOLLEY. 103< Post.
WANTED — Com patent 'girl for cooking and
downstairs work. 1131 Laguna, corner Eddy.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist in general j
housework; $18. 2036 San Josg ave., Alameda. i
WANTED— Young girl for light housework:
Bleep home. 1722 Howard Bt.
YOUNG girl for general housework; German
or Swede. Apply at 1407 Hyde st.
APPRENTICES and an errand girl in millinery
Btore at 692 McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED sheepskin and driving glove
makers. F. O. Conklln & Co.. 413 Sacramento.
EXPERIENCED upholsterers at one*. 473
Halght Et.
GIRL to do good cooking and general house-
work; good wages. .138 Twelfth it
WANTED— A woman to do. plain sewing at
home. 110 Berry St.. between 3d and 4th.
WANTED — Girl to learn to run polisher.
Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st v
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
A CITY firm desires a middle-aged woman of
. strong personality to travel. Pox 3619. Call.
GIRL to assist In housework In family of two;
good home. 1408 Grove st.
GIRL for housework; -wages $16. Call 12 Hart-
ford St., near Castro and Eighteenth.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted, $8 a week.
People's Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
GIRL wanted for jreneral housework; email
family. Apply in the morning. 910 Devisadero.
WANTED— Seamstress at SO Hannah Bt, Watts
' Tract, Oakland.
GOOD lady tailors on finishing coats and
steady work. 566 Fifth St., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE girl for housework. Call from
9 to 12, 2030 Mission St., near Sixteenth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to - assist In house-
work. 1915'A Golden Gate ave.
NEAT girl to assist with housework; $10. Ap-
ply morning at 8332 Clay st ¦ i
GIRL for general housework; no cooking:. Call
at 1S31 Eddy st ; ___^
YOUNG German girl to take care of children;
light housework. 1205V4 Turk st.
GIRLS wanted to shell walnuts. Aflply 123
Clay St., upstairs, between 8 and 10.
YOUNG lady to train for nurse. 1609 Jackson
| fit., between 7 and 8 p. m.
1 FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and ventilators. 40
• Geary st. . .
I GIRL or middle-aged woman to mind baby;
} sleop home; wages $12. '819 Post st.
WANTED — Starch- work ironer. . Standard
Laundry, 114 Hayes st. *. .
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework
j and care of baby; good home. 1632 McAllister.
' . WANTED— Waitress. - 113 Turk st. "
I DANCING girls wanted. Comstock Dance Hall,
, ! 618 Pacific St.; open 7:30 to 12 p. m.
I WANTKD— Women and girls lo work on fruit.
,j. 1731 Folsom et.; < between 13th and 14th.
' ' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore so
J A BRANCH of flee, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
l lencla St.. "¦
help wasted-male.
:. r. 'haSses^co^^^^^gw^C
RAILROAD WORK
Stonemasons and cutters, State of $ _ N _® v^ a d _y
Tewnsters" and 'laborers." "state of Nevada....
Drillers." i Chatsworth" Park p'L/VLra
8hlp Dally Free Fare.... ..-Free Fare
3 Ingersoll drillers.- $3 a day; 2 firemen. $3 aO
a day: men to take care of horses, call early,
$2 a day; stableman, country. $30 and found.
buttermaker and milker. $30i butler, $35
r... HOTEL DEPARTMENT •••••'/••':
Manager, hotel. $80 to $100: steward and head
waiter. $75; chief cook and crew, good wages,
second cook. $G0; fry cook, $45; cook and wife
institution, $60; butler, nice place. $3a, head
waiter, $60; bakers 1 helpers, dishwashers $30
and $40; washer and Ironer. laundry. $40 and
$50; steward, steamship. $33; cook, steamship.
$35; waiters, city and country, ? 2 », to _ **L:'i;"
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
CRRAND boy for this office; one who kn°J^»
the city. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary.
l-MURRATJi READY Phone Main 5548
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT-7 A. M.-TO-DAY....
125 laborers, different places in city and coun-
try. $2 25. $2. Jl 75 day. $35. $30. $2S and toand
46 teamsters, sand scrapers, wagons, etc., ?-"
and $1 75 day. $35. $30. $40. $26 and found..... •
36 plow teamsters $35, $30, $26 and found
* f.!?!.?! !"!V!? h . .?."'?. ?. r .°*^. . WSMd " f ound
i2'milkera"and"butter'makers'....$3O and found
3 coachmen gardeners. .....$30, S35 and found
« choremen and boys. ...$25, $20, 115, $10 and ffl
3 farmers and wives HO and found
8 drillers 16 lumber pliers ;»w
Carriage painter .Harness maker
4 blacksmiths; blacksmith helper, country
shop. Also hundreds of Jobs not advertised.
Come and see IVvVJ-""^
A. .MURRAY & READY.
„.., 634 and 636 Clay at.
V-HOTEL DEPARTMENT...- BAKERS
Baker for the mines $40 to Jb and found
26 cooks $50. J40, $33, $30 and found |
18 waiters $35, $30, $25 and found j
12 laundrymen, butchers, porters. MURRAI
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
V— SPECIAL .,V""i*V^
Cook for hospital, about 10 men... $40 and fd
Blacksmith, country shop $52 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
V— WE SHIP TO-DAY and PAY YOUR FARE.
20 laborers, no experience required, for tne
mills, yards and woods of a large sawmill
company, $26 to $40 and found, fare paid.
M U RRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
rOOK and wife. Institution, $10; baker, $35,
city; 2 bellboys, $4 week; waiters $8 week;
other restaurant and kitchen help wanted.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A'CODCHOPPERS for large contract; wheel-
wright for ranch, $35 to $40 and found; labor-
ers for country, fare paid; 2 plain carpenters
for country. $2 50 day; 3 men and wives, $3o
and $40; edgerman, $3 day; stickerman. $3 o0 ,
day; 2 carnenters, $3 50 day; stablemen. $30
and found and $60; carpenters' helpers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. i
/^.—WANTED ••• !
Farmer and wife. "Sonoma County. $40; S mule i
teamsters for steady Job south, $26 and board;
man to frame 'timbers for mill. $2 a day: 2
farmers. $26; 2 carpenters, $3 a day; 5 labor- ,
«rs. city. $1 75 a day; Italian cellar foreman;
young- man as porter for furniture house. $6
I week. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Caly st.
A. MAN to buy out a route; good-peying busl-
nesa. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter frt.
MAN and country. $45. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter at. I
ALL good carpenters registered please call: 2
carpenters, Oakland; 5 painters, 4 machinists.
20 cabinetmakers. 3 sticker hands. 20 bench
hand3, 1 sash and door man. at MECHAMCij
REGISTRATION BUREAU. 410 Kearny St.,
room 9; non-union mechanics please register; ;
no office fees. ;
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Immediately, 2 active canvassers
for the sewing machine business to go to
Honolulu: $23 per week guaranteed for one
year Apply between 8:30 and 10 o'clock to J.
W. EVANS, 1021 Market St.
BUTLER' wanted ; must have first-class refer-
ences. Apnly between 11 and 12 a. m. to C.
or A. B. SP'RECKELS. 327 Market St.-
W WTED — Young men of good address, be-
tween 12 and 1. Central Hall, Pythian Castle,
900 Market St. j
STRONG boy to make himself useful: cap fac- t :
too-: $3 50 week start. Call 8 a. m.. 29 Sec-
ond Bt^thirdfloor^-^^^
WANTED— An experienced young butcher for I
shop and wagon; no other need apply, ls-3 I
Point Lobos ave. j
WANTED— Live, honest man to take orders;
gocd pay to right party. Calf 336% Bush st.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m. |
WANTED— Young man to work; on cakes. Ap- j
ply at 123 Taylor Bt. l
WANTED— Dishwasher at 238 Townsend st.
LABORERS, pick and shovel, with board.
14th ave. and N'st. South; Kentucky-st. cars.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— 2 painters. 1332 Kentucky St.; call
at 7 a. m. ¦
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day; steady. 1357 Dupont St., near Green.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday evening, Sat-
urday and Sunday. '
WANTED— Shoe treer on men's work. Went- |
worth. Swltzer Shoe Co.. 119 Pine st. j
SOLICITORS for printing office. 420 Montgom-
ery St., room 33.
WANTED— 3 strong boys. Apply 422 Battery j
street. |
WANTED — Good dishwasher, some cooking to
do, J6. 6S0 Fourth St. :
WANTED— Good coatmaker to work Inside;
steady work. 222 Kearny fit. - |
WANTED— An old man to do light work In |
restaurant. 1S5 Fifth Bt. ¦ -* .
WANTED— Bootblack In barber shop. 1340
Market et., opposite Seventh. i
WANTEIV*-3 paperhangers at 319 Third st.
WANTED— 6 painters at 319 Third st.
WANTED — Sticker hand, furniture factory.
3071 Seventeenth St., near Folsom.
NIGHT cashier; all-around man. 29 Stockton
street. • __£__:
WANTED — Man to drive milk wagon; refer-
ence. Call bet. 2 and 4 Wednesday. 436 10th.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
2-CHAIR shop doing from $30 to $33 per week;
this is a bargain and must be sold at once.
Box 3697, Call office.
BOY about 16 years old to work In an office;
- must he able to operate a typewriter. Ad-
dress box 3R31. Call office.
BARBER shop, Eplendld stand for transient
trade; can bo had cheap or will rent to good
party. STOLTZ. 636 Market st
WANTED^-A place to stop for the winter- — This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento st., near Montgomery;* one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY, Prop.
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
in city and country; experience not necessary;
we teach you -the business; good contracts for
sober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co., 300 Post st., cor. Stockton.
MEN" wanted to learn' barber trade; only eight
weeks required; posltionsiguaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 day st.
WANTKD— Laborers' and mechanics to- know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; \\ to J2 per week.
WANTED-Good barber: steady Job. 723 Fourth
St.. San Rafael;. tel. Red 15.
LOCKSMITH or vise hand. WM. H. GUTZ-
M AN, 170G Dwlght way, Berkeley, Cal, *
SHOEMAKER —-anted on repairing;; come
• early. 2140 Fillmore st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard Bt.
BARBERS— Fine 4-chalr 15c shop for sale; fine
location; very cheap. At STOLZ'S, 636. Market.
BARBERS: 3-chalr shop for sale; going East.'
14 Turk st. .: '
PENSIONS— J. H. Ehepard & Co., old. reliable
firm, 806 Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg. ; pen-
sion vouchers executed. 25c; advice free.
COAT and vest makers wanted. Apply 11 a.
m.. CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 72i Mkt.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. .562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY who understands stenography and office
work; give age, wages desired. Box 4721, Call.
STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 636 Market St., upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS.' ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. 8. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard st
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, 16
. ..........'....years', practice; Examiner building.
LABORERS and drillers' wanted at 527 Four-
teenth Bt.. near Guerrero.
."WINCHESTER House. 44 Third sO near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-- rooms; free
.'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
HELP WAXTEP— 3IALb.
MEN wanted for the United StatesXavT-Ma-
chinists, flrst class, age 21 to **• *»/ P«i
month. $55; machinists, second class, age -I
to 35, pay per month. *40; electr clans, th rd
class, age 21 to 35. pay per month *30^ ship-
wrights (carpenters), age n to 3*. , pay P«r
month. $25; seamen, age a to 35. pay per
month. $24; ordinary seamen, age , U to w.
pay per month, $19; landsmen, age 18 to -o.
pay Ser month. $16; apprentices, third class,
age 15 to/ 17. pay per month. *J. All «anoi
dates for enlistment nfust pass a P^'^ 1 /^.
aminatlon showing them to be «"•*«".£__
auallfyinir ailments. • Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must paw . a
practical examination in elec , trt . cl !2' J 1^
clally on the handling of electrical «»¦
Shipwrights must be carpenters °V »* ae
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Lands J"* n T , h a . n ,.
apprentices will be required to pass the phjs
leal examination only. The term of enlist
ment is for four years. Should aman re-en
list within a period of four months Iromthe
date of honorable discharge he will «*¦•-?••_
bonus of four months' pay and ™ adait'on
to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each je-enll?t-
ment. Rations, medicines and "o^*** 1 :
tendance are furnished gratis In addition to
pay. Privllego of retirement after thirty
years* service on three-Quarters of the pay-
received at date of retirement. It Is the ae-
stra of the Navy Department to obtain a
lar=e number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every "PP 0 """ 1^
for advancement as soon as they are Q«*»fl e °
for the higher ratings. The early completion
of a number of fine ships for the navy will
make a large increase Jn the enlisted force
necessary, and this will cause a correspond-
ing large increase in the number of petty ofn-
cers. who will be advanced from the lower
ratings. Recruits who may be accepted will
be assigned to a U. S. war vessel; appren-
tices to the naval training station. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. Applications should be made at
the U. S. Naval Recruiting Rendezvous, cor-
ner of Market and East streets. San Fran-
dsco, Cal.
LIN DELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms, ISc to 25c night; 75c to $2 week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and ' subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
HEMORRHOIDS.
PTLES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen: no operation: no pain; par-
ticulars iBent^_A<_____2______2_J__*_______J_,
¦»^^^^—^—^^^^^^^^^^^^^"^^^^
HORSES, LI VI______£_________- fl^rJL 11 -!-
fni~HORPES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HE-AD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 57 Minna St.. be-
tween First and Second.^_________________
HOUSES TO I.ET.
a— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for dr-
cular.'G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
*BUSH, 1224— Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
rent $37 BO; water free; yard^
i — — — ¦ — — — - — — » — - — ¦ — ¦
Lost axp focxp.
LOST— Sunday, an open-faced gold watch. |
pinned with black velvet ribbon: photo of two j
girls inside. Address box 2620. Call office;
a reward. '
! LOST — Between Alameda and S. F., Masonic
emblem with owner's name, A. F. A. CLAS-
SEN. Return to 10 Clay st.. S. F., or 1435
Park St.. Alameda; reward.
LOST— Last Saturday evening, from 1023 Green-
wich st., nr. Leavenworth,. a white spitz dog;
answers to name Lupine: reward.
LOST— McAllister St., purse with $11 49 and a
gold baby pin with a turquoise setting: re-
j ward $¦*>. 3SS4 N^eteenth St.
i LOST— DlRk-shapcW watch chann. showing *un-
j set Golden Gate; reward. O. B. ClUER,
! 33 New Montgomery st.
j LOST— Female fawn greyhound. Reward at
2430 San Bruno ave.
LOST— Sunday morning, from 2209 Devisadero
ft., near Clav. a pug puppy; answers to name
Cato; reward.
LOST— A greyhound bitch, 12 months old; brln-
dle and white. Return to J. H. W. MULLER.
I corner Eleventh and Mission sts.
j FOUND— Bicycle. Apply 60S Locust ave.. bet.
i 3 and 5:30 p. m.
; MASSAGE.
'• EMILY SEO3WOKTH. aulitant to Dr. A. B.
Wlllcox. scientific masseuse, room 40. St.
Ann's building: hours. 9 a. m. tr> 12:30.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAV1ES, 1228 Market— Lad iei 7
specialists; J2 years' practice have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cur»
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day: HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It: perfectly harmless; home
! for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHIa 997 MARKET ST.. corner
¦ Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies specialist;
guaranteed treatment. 15: private home before
' and during confinement; hours. 9 to 5; Sun-
' day. 1ft to 2. Removed to 937 Market et.,
' ccrner Sixth.
DR. G, W. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
j others fall call on him. Moved 1013 Market.
i DRS. GOODWIN,-' well-known ladles' specialists.
I have returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
I euro $5; have treated thousands of case» with
I success: 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
j home: low fees. 1007Vi Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs."
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any aliment; consultation free, con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc. ; all diseases treat-
ed; -send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramepto st.. corner Kearny.
THE well-known \prf- POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist: practical physician for S7
years: always successful. 323 Kearny »:.
MR6. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist: home in confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
CEHT. medical rubber will attend clients at
residence by apptmt. PAULA, box 4779. Call.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market st.
I DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human bodT. 115 Ma?"n st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
i BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
•INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready mada;
we can shlu everything ¦ !n 21 hour*. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission Bt..
above Sixth; write for catalogue. <¦ .:-
FOR sale— One yacht named "Eclipse." 23 ft.
in length. 10 ft. beam, sloop rigged, large
cabin suitable for four persons; sails in good
order; together with anchors ana all fixtures
appertaining thereto; first-class boat for hunt-
ers; one Sacramento River salmon boat, 20 ft.
long, together with mast and sails; one small
sloop painted blue* and white; no cabin. Ap-
ply to or add. CLAUDE FOX. Redwood City.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at CCS and 630 Clay St., near Kearny, has
just started: storekeepers can be supplied
with all kinds of brooms at the cheapest
! rates; orders by mall attended to.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 do^%i and $5
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.: rentals, new .machines. $3 per month. -
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
AN elegant solitaire diamond ring.- a perfect
gem. for only ?55; former price $100. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A FINE old violin, genuine Albert bow. worth
S400. for tlOO. at 32 Stockton st.
FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora, hats, U 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
' A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, t-drtll
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont et.
BEST maker, microscope; .Van Emden: cost
$150. for $40. Cal. Loan office, 32 Stockton.
$10— NEW Home sewing machine; good order.
1915 Mission st.. near Fifteenth. t
ZOO-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
* plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission at.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince "Albert
suits for $2 E0. Portland Loan Office, 23. Stktn.
2 ALMOST new fur capes less than >i original
cost. Cal. I^oan office. 32 Stockton st.
SAFES — New "and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAW, CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
Pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
; proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought. *old. exchanged. .100 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boiler* bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
i SAFES — !*>w and second-hand: all sizes. THE
- WALTZ SAFE, l^-iii Market tt. t Sao, Fran.
MISCEL— 4.XEOCS_ WANTS.
WANTED— San Francisco Examiner for Nov
1836; quote price. W. F. PURNELL, 8k;t«'.I
mento, Cal.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. K^, rt ..
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phone Blue"; _)V
WANTED— Upright piano tor cash. £i~7~
"WHITEHEAD, 1710 Market st. "
LADIES' and gents* cast-off clothing brnTshTT
sold. Silverman, 981 Folsom; tel. Folsora lux
KLEIN still pays beat price for cloth!;:* Vrt7
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jesp!» *___
MO> iBV TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, planoa. wttteat ra!
movaU cr any other good security; payabi.
back in Installments or as a -whole; if «en
owe a balance on the purchase price we * ¦•!
pay It and carry the loan as long aa you ¦
sire: avoid red tap* and publicity see m
first; you will be waited ut>on culetlv ¦>*!
quickly. Call 88-69 Donohoo bldg.. u;q Market
A#l— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ..
Interests in Estates
;:;Undlvlded Interests In Real EV a -e
Financial problems of all sorts ai,i ".'i_«
.olved by HERMAN MfRPUy, KW MaritTt
ANY amount at 6 cer cent; 1st. :j a .nr; m mni l"
¦ gages, undivided interest, real »3tat 9 in "£
bate: mortgages and lesacfei bcueht- Po A»
lay; set my terms before doin ff bu.; n »<M e'.-I
where. R. McCOLOAX, 2» MmtgomCTy. r t
ANY proposition, any iimcn:; 8 per cent- firs'"
second mortgages, estarea in rro hate. int«re«
In estates, legacies, corporation leans chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room i? nrst nocr
Chror.lcle building. HALLm;.-, N - ', % olsex!
HIGHLY respectable private ~j-'.a?e •-> ob'aia
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry a* low
eat rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. ;¦;•; __•_«
St.: tel Main 1644. Branch 13 Thirrt s »..
A— JoCO.COO on city and country rc3~"^" 4 -.» an j
estates: chattel mortgages ; no.»* -,¦ d col .
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. U MQ-tgamwrl
MOST reliable place to borrow on I ', .x-l.-mds'
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHal U suta"
highest price for old gold, sliver. ; •rr.onds.
AT 12« Kearny st.. room 9. respectao>, , ; -ivaf»
place to borrow on watches, diamond. ! .west
rates: take elevator. Telephone Dav's v>.-,.
ANY amount. by private party on furniture and
pianoa: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Ml Jones St.. corner Edily.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build wi>M;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDINO
COMPANY. 2_ Sanao— le St.. room 2.
PRIVATE party on furniture and piano*; 3 per
cent; no removal; no commis'n. 6 Eildy. r. sL
TO* salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party.
low rate. 917 Market st.. room 1. i
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rtn. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bulldinc.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mis?i(TO; private. LICK, 118 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
3IISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL purchasers of pianoa at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have the prtvllego of ex-
Changing for a STEINWAY any time within
threw years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every trade to select from,
beautiful new uprights $6 cash, $6 per month,
some kcxxI pianos for JC. $4 and J5 per month.
BHEKHAN, CLAY & CO.. 6TEE*WAY
DEALEKS. corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth stB.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago,
v-- SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains in all standard makes from 130
to |2*5.
Agents for the Peerless Heln«. Hallett A
Davis, Boston's oldest and most famous piano,
alro Behr Bros, and 10 other makes.
Pianos rented; rent allowed on purchase.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
DECKER Jfe SON pianos are flrst class.
Agency, MAUVAIS'. 789 Market st.
BUY the best— Decker & Pon pianos, estab-
lished in 1SC6. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. agents.
T63 Market st. •
WE sell ' beautiful Arlington pianos for *30O.
on easy Installments to suit your convenl-
ence. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A GOOD piano in good condition ITS
A fine Hallet & Davis 140
Fischer, splendid condition 173
1 Shaw. 2 Curtaz. 3 Sterling, slightly used,
at sacrifice prices; easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. everything in the musio
line. 16 O'Farrell St.; Chlckerlng agency.
ABSOLUTELY the eldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE* 9. 28.
IS and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments) of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
A SPECIAL piano sale this week: fine piano,
|1W). DEWING'S. 12 Flood building.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new. and
other great bargains. CRl'EXS 209 Poat st.
ELEGANT I 1 - pedal upright: must be sold la 5
days; leaving city. 32< Golden Gate ave. »
FINE 3-pedal upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 807 McAllister at.
BE in tne BWim; rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes sx.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt cheap;
installments. Wilson's Storage. 1T10 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN; must be sold: nice uprigh: piano.
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister St.. next Hlb. Dank.
SOHMER & CO.. isyron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
man and other pianos. I0S Post st.
SL'PlfniOR violin*, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, rr-palror. 2 Latham place.
HIiUI-ORADE piar.o*; Ste<-k. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ia the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
poetapre paid.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store and basement; 9»S Va-
lenci* at-, near Tlwt: bmlnwn center.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post: tel. Hyde 333;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
H JEROME FOSSELLlTsclentlflc palmist. 5X5
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black lt\.
PERSONALS.
CT^n^F^Stockton^nd^Sutter S:30 p. m. Wednes-
day. : -y.... SANTE.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates: 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
PAINFUL nervous diseases, rheumatism, par-
alysis, liver and kidneys cured without drugs
by DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 2S4 Kearny.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superflous hair,
molon; trial free. MISS EATON'. 1113 Sutter.
LEDERER uses and sells Scheffler's Colorlne.
75c box: he restores hair to natural color at a
rasonable price. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca. Hair Tonic; extract
of quinine bark: perfectly harmless.; v*ry
beneficial; 35c bottle.
MME. ADA. wonderful gifted healer. 1104 Mar-
ket r 3 & 4 cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all nervous rtisemea.
ELECTRIC lights in every room—Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; II 50 to 18 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments; fli upward;
fl a week. LEON LEMOS. 1U7 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo is the- best, oo
pkg.; hairdressinic latest styles only 2Sc.
SUITS to order from $15 up on easy Vayments.
The Richelieu. 700 Market St.. near Geary.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tatlor-
- Ing Co.. 1«44 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ot n e-cld silver, diamonds and precious stones
taught. J. R- JENKEL. 817 Market st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
eott'B curling guld: 25c a bottle; druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hatr to its natural color; SI, at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothine. old gold and silver bought:
send postal.. COLE MAN'S. aO« Kearny st.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per y»ar.
pfrvSIClAXS AXD SUHCEOXs]
DR. C. C. O'DONN'ELI^-Offlce and residence!
\mm Market st.. hotwpen Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL ESTATE COUATRV For Sale
FINE investment; two-story buildlne In center
of business portion of prosperous mmin?
town: always rented: suitable for any busl-
ness. Address box 2770, Call office.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of th»
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list/ More than all other agents in this city.
N. P. SJCKELS. the land agent, g Geary st.
10-ACKE fruit farm, near Hay-wards; Improve-
ments first-class; price $5000; term* to suit.
jAfidreas box 4764, CaU ctflce,
f_r». - - ¦?^ w .HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Sears. N Y
J B Patton. N Y
Mr and Mrs Forsyth,
Australia
J W Schloss. N Y
J de Losada, Australia
W S Matin, Cal
J L Hongtelane, Chgo
F 8 Knteht & w, Cal
H Mctzger, Portland
Dt P Ed wards, Paris
C E Helmer, S Barb
F Powell. Portland
C C Moore. S Mateo
C D Savlno. Cal
R V Ellis, Hanford
G H Schumacher, Tex
M S Becker, El Paso
H J BiBhop, El Paso
M J Rosenthal. N Y
F G Corning, N Y
W L Harans, Chgo
Miss C E Hagans, Chg;
II LJndley. Klamathon,
F Waterhouse. Seattle
J C Hayden Seattle
L Metayer, Oregon
C H Redmond. Oregon ,
S W Eccles. Salt Lakei
Miss K L Haskell.-Cal 1
Miss F A Haskell. Cal
C E Gilman. Stanford
H A Harwood, Bosto/i
G M Lefflngwell, Chjfo
Mrs G M Lefnngwell,
Chicago
Miss Norma LefflngT
well, Chicago
J S RUey, Chicago
Miss Trampton, p ft
Mrs Trampton,- Pa
A S Howard, Stanford
I Alexander, Sacto
C E Brown, Cal .
M II Sherman, S Lakf
C Wellborn, N Y
C K Sanborn. N T
W E Gerber. Sacto
A W Peterson, Klm
berley
Y Mura, N Y
T Yokoi. Japan
S Nakamura. Japan
M J Richmond & w,
Kentucky -
F O Carmack. St Louis
W D Russell & w. Can
J II Cremer. Ohio
Mrs E E Bosnell, Ohio
GRAND HOTEL
W T Davis, Dawson
J L Davis. Dawson
I> Anderson, Dawson
E H Keating. Canada
Ij A Bauer, D C
F E Burlea, Los Angr
G Mlgllavacca, Napa
B W Rice. Seattle
T Slmpton. Sausalito
L D Sella, Sausallto
W D Buckley. Stocktn
J J Walser, Chicago
T Gilbert, Berkeley
W E Bagley. Sta Rosa
H G Lacey, Hanford
E Kamp, Hanford
G Elder, Oregon
J H Jordan & w.Cal
D H Clark. Chicago
J E Haskell & w. Pa
A W Fox, Oregon -
A C Klngsbury & w,
Washington
A Kingsbury, Wash
T Chamberlain, Wash
G G Langtry. Cal
F H Pauson, Portland
J F McKee, Clnn
R B Butler. Fresno
J McCudden. Vallejo ¦
Miss McCudden. ValleJ
L W Gay, Coronado
H L Pontius. Seattle
T F Campbell Jr. Or
C B Ford, Portland
J A Johnson, Seattle -
S C Edwards & fam.
Needles
C H Blemer. Sacto
C Redpath, Winnipeg
F Dulmaine. Gr Valley
A Morse. Pescadero
C Hoffmann, Sta Cruz
W Hoffmann Sta Cruz
Mrs J H Knight. Cal
Miss M Williams, Wash
J P Poelopz, Holland
W J de Boer, Holland
R S Moore & w. Stockn
J H Cnndlt, Stockton
A H Schutz & w. Cal
D D Mainger. S Ciuz
Mrs P Nickels, Napa
Mrs H E Johnson, Nap
Hon E C Hart, Sacto
XV M Lowell, Sacto
J W Roper, Chico
Mrs L Domnan, Modest
Miss Domnan, Modesto
C W Hlnchcliffe. L An
W W -Prince. Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Jacobs. Monterey • r
H B Overlln. Los Angj
A Zapf. Seattle
R M McKenney. * Spo
kane .
O W Larson, Spokane
W B Lenn, • Iowa .
C Prlngle. Iowa
J Noby, Tiburon ¦
M Falfey & fam, Bostn
Miss McDonald. Seattl I
MIbs M M Jones, L An
E M Murch, Tenn
Miss C Murch. Tenn
P' Jones & w, S Jose
F; M Bond, Nev -City
M T Donovan, Cal
G W Thall. . Nev City
J Moffett, . Nev City
F : Montan, Cal - .
G J Monroe, Gllroy •
C M Smith, Chicago
FORT WORTH, Texas. Oct. 16.— It Is
reported a small band of Creek Indians in
the territory are getting ready to make
trouble and resist paying the tribal taxes.
The Indian agents are preparing for any
emergency. •
Will Resist Tribal Tax.
TRIESTE, Oct. 16.— The agreement pro
viding for a notable enlargement of. the
harbor has been signed, toy the Austrian
Government. The municipality of Trieste
contributes a million: kronen for the im
mediate commencement of the Improve
ments.
Enlargement of a Harbor.
SAN DOMINGO, Island of San Domingo,
Oct. 15.— The uprising is ended and the
rebels are scattered and troops are pur
suing them. The tribunals are occupied
with the prosecution of political prisoners.
Confidence is re-established and business
is reviving.
Prosecuting Political Prisoners.
DENVER, Colo.,' Oct. 16.— T^ie stock
holders of the Denver and Rio Grande
Railway and several allied lines held
their annual meetings In this city to-day.
The old directors of the Denver and Rio
Grande were re-elected. They are George
Coppell, Richard T. Wilson, William Mer
tens, Charles C. Beaman, J. Edward Sim
mons, Arthur Coppell, John Lowber
"Welsh, Edward T. Jeffery and Edward O.
Wolcott. The directors will meet in New
York about the middle of November and
elect officers. The progress-* of the road
during the past year was "a subject for
congratulation among the stockholders
to-day.
-IMrectors Re-elected.
man Villages Have Been Razed.
COXSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 16. — The.
tribal risings among the Kurds are as-
Euminp threatening proportions. The
authorities are greatly concerned. The
troops have had to intervene In the Diar
bekir district, where a number of Chris
tians and Mussulman .villages have been
razed.
Troops Sent to Diarbekir IMstrict,
Where Many Christian and Mussul-
MORE TEIBAL RISINGS
AMONG THE KURDS
John D. Spreckels (owner) with Otis Elevator
Company (conractora). architects Reid Bros.—
All work for installation completes, of one elec
tric passenger elevator In residence In course
of erection, on NE corner of Pacific avenue and
Lacuna street: $4725. ¦ '
Builders' Contracts.
Mr. Osborne positively refused to make
public at this time the contents of tho
amdavit. The hearing was then ad
journed until to-morrow.
At this juncture Mr. Osborne submitted
to Magistrate Brann a lengthy typewrit
ten affidavit, which he requested the mag
istrate to read at his convenience. Mr.
House again objected and the magistrate
said he would take the matter under ad
visement. Mr. Osborne said the affidavit
in question is the one signed by the wit
ness Wetherbee, In which the latter told
of an attempt made on the part of Jones
to Induce him to go into a scheme to get
the greater part of Rice's property and
money.
"You had better change the complaint."
Mr. Osborne . said that his purpose In
asking the question was to show that
away back In January a. scheme or con
splracy*was on foot to get possession of
Mr. Rice's property. To this Magistrate
Brann said: .
"It is not." answered the witness. The
witness said he saw Albert T. * Patrick
September 24 at the bank. He said he
wanted to see witness about" a matter,
and then Patrick said to Mr. Swenson
that there would be no probate of Mr.
Rice's will in New York, as he had no
property here. Air. Jones showed an or
der on Swenson & Sons purporting to be
signed by Rice calling on Swrtison &
Sons to deliver his money to him. Wit
ness did not know whether Patrick had
the check with him or not.
"Did you hear him say anything to Mr.
Swenson about a $25,000 check?" asked
lawyer House. - "Yes; he said he desired
to have it certified before it was known
that Mr. Rice was dead," was the reply.
"Did ho use Just Hhose words?" asked
Magistrate Brann. "I don't know."
"Well, what led up to his saying that
he wanted the check certified before
Rice's death was known?" asked the mag
istrate. "I do not remember," responded
the witness.
Mr. Osborne offered fifteen checks to
wh'ch were attached Rice's signatures,
and Mr. Wetherbee identified the signa
tures as those of Mr. Rice. They were
marked for Identification and left in the
keeping of the court. The witness being
shown the $25,000 check said to the best
of his belief the signature was not made
by Rice. -
Witness was asked if he remembered
itavlng a conversation with Jones In Jan
uary. 1900. Tho attorney for the defense
entered a vigorous protest against the
question on the ground that it antedated
the date and time of the offenses with
which the accused are charged.
Walter O. Wetherbee, confidential clerk
in Swenson's banking house, v.-as the next
witness.' He knew Jones as valet and sec
retary of Rice. The witness was handed
the complaint against Patrick and Jones
to which Is attached the $25,000 check,
which is described as "People's Exhibit
No. L" He said he saw the check Sep
tember 24. when it was brought to him
on the occasion of. Its first presentation.
He handed It back to Mr. .Wallace with
Instructions to return it to Mr. Short.
Witness had known Rice sixteen years
and was familiar ¦with his signature.
Witness was asked: "In your opinion is
the signature on that check the signature
of Mr. Rice?"
Tho cross-examination of this witness
did not materially alter his testimony nor
did It induce any contradiction of the
earlier witnesses.
The first witness to-day was Charles H.
Findlay,- a clerk in the banking house of
Swenson. & Sons. His testimony related
to his acquaintance with Jones as secre
tary and valet of Rice; to seeing David
L. Short at the bank September 24, when
Short presented a $25,000 check payable
to the order of Patrick; to turning over
the check to Walter O. Wetherbee of
Swenson & Sons' Bank for identification,
who compared the signature with that
of about thirty other checks of the dead
millionaire which the bank had. He cor
roborated the testimony given yesterday
as to what was said to Short about the
signature.. Short's return later and to
calling up Jones on the telephone regard-
Ing the check. Witness said he recog
nized Jones' voice on the telephone and
that he told Jones that Rice was wanted
at the telephone. Jones replied that Rice
had been dead since 8 o'clock the day be
fore.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The preliminary
hearing of Lawyer Albert T. Patrick and
Valet Charles F. Jones was resumed to
day in the Center-street Police Court.
The charge Is forging and uttering a
check for $25,000 upon Swenson & Sons,
bankers, to which is signed the name of
William R. Rice.
Lengthy Typewritten Affidavit Passed
Over to Magistrate Brann "With,
the Bequest That He Per
use It at His Leisure.
Important Testimony of W.
0. Wetherbee in the
Patrick Case.
PRONOUNCES THE
RICE SIGNATURE
RANK FORGERY
L. F. Sinclair of Georgetown said Golden
told him that Youtsey and Culton were
fools for talking, as they would get noth
ing, for talking. The court adjourned till
Stewart B. Stone of Lexington, who
acted as Governor Taylor'9 stenographer,
saw Youtsey on January 27 In the recep
tion room next the Governor's office with
a gun. looking out of the window, but that
It excited no comment, because everybody
was excited and expected trouble.
James Chlpley of Scott County said that
Culton told him that Wharton Golden had
caused all of them to get Into trouble be
cause Golden wanted a part of the J100.000.
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. Oct. 16.— If Henry
Youtsey heard a word uttered In his trial
to-day he gave not the slightest indication
of It by any movement of the hands, head,
eyes or lips. So far as any one In the
courtroom could tell he ne»*cr uttered a
word all day. He was the unconscious
actor In another realistic scene this after
noon, when he wag brought Into the court
room proper, lying on his bed. His eyes
and month were^ closed and he looked
every whit a dead man.
Colonel Xelson/hia lawyer. In a loud
voice asked him how old he was and
where he lived.
The defense presented some strong evi
dence contradictory of the prosecution" j
witnesses and said they have something
stronger for to-morrow, when they ex
pect to rest their case. ?
Jim Howard will go on the stand and
swear that Youtsey did not let him In
Powers' office that morning and that he
was not even in the building. Youtsey s
symptoms have been worse to-day. His
temperature increased and his pulse was
greatly accelerated. The physicians think
he is In no immediate danger, but a sud
den change for the worse may come at
any time.
Mrs. Jlattie Stamper, sister of Wharten
Golden, said she heard Golden say he was
to get 15000 for his testimony and that he
made a confession In order to save his
neck and Governor Taylor's.
C. O. Reynolds and £>. B. Walcutt of
Frankfort swore that Culton told him that
he had a contract with the Comonwealth
to secure Immunity.
Porter Thompson Sr. and Porter Thomp
son Jr. said they passed through the hall
of the executive building a few minutes
before the shooting, but saw no men in
the hall. John \v. Davis, one of those
Indicted with Culton, corroborated the
Thompsons.
Rev. Z. T. Cody said Golden told him he
confessed to save himself.
Defense Presents Strong Testimony
Contradictory to the Prosecution
and Claims to Have Some
thing Stronger. •
ing the Day's Legal
Proceedings.
Does Not Utter a Word Dur-
YOUTSEY LIES
UNCONSCIOUS IN
THE COURTROOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1900.
11
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leav* Mark«t-strs*t Ferry D«rpot.
Lt». Ban Frmadaoo. 9:00 a m 4:10 p m 1:00 p a
Arr. Stockton 13:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:06 j> ca
•* Merced ........ 2:43 p m — — 1:1S a m
¦ " Fresno 4:10 p m 1:03 a nt
** Vlsalla <:00 p m 4:50 a a
*' Tular* 6:22 pm 5:10 a a
" " Hanford 8:33 P m T:0« a ra
" ' Bakersfleld ... *:5O p m T:30 a m
- Denver 10:00 a m ¦
- Kansas City... 5:15 p m
** Chicago 7:40 am |
I ». m. train is the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at ( p. ra. dally.
4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. ComspofuUntf
train arrives 11:05 a. ro. dally.
1:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspcnd-
tng train arrives at S a. m. dally.
OFFICES — til 'Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: 111* Broadway. Oakland.
J^ '*%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jSft<r»»pa (125 KKABJfl Ml- Kataollabed
mSM^iilS In I"3» lor the treatment of Private
fflJA/SH Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
sVSSpdWA disease wearies on body and mind and
O&E&VVaJ s fc'n D!*eaa««. rhe doctorcureswhao
oSSim«3s others fail Try him. Charga» low.
i?«*sf3KU ('nrMtnarantrr 1. Ca'lorwriU.
Or. J. jr. *» iBBO.N. Box 1937, Saa Truci***
Roosis for u^^5][^5|^£J5£:
FIFTH. 353—2 housekeeping, ' $12; also hall
rooms, J) and $5^
FILLMORE. 220T, nr. Clay— 5 nice sunny fur-
nished rooms, bath, piano; housekeeping.
JOHNSON House, 12K2 Folsom St.. cor. Ninth—
L&rge sunny housekeeping rooms; also single;
adults.
MARKET near Fifth — 2 rooms, furnished, fold-
lDB bed;" gas; 810; part. 342 Keamy st.
ONE large sunny room furnished complete for
housekt-r-plng; rent $123 per week. Apply
shoe store, i^; Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
OAK, 123 — 3 sunny rooms furnished for heavy
housekeeping ; 3 beds; yard; 814.
OAK. 125—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; k«s; bath.
SOUTH PARK, 177—5 or 7 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; very convenient.
TEHAMA, 478. nr. Slxih— 2 sunny furnished
front rooms for hkpe. ; no children; J10.
TURK, 613-2 eunny furnished front rooms, for
hcusfkeei in*. $12.
ROOMS TO LET Porn, and Indira.
A^ BRU^^IclTTimzseTTlT^^^
to SI per night; Si Sa to K> per week, and light
liouf-ckeeptng; open all night.
Bl'HX ETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlFhed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 324 — Furnlfched sunny rooms, suits or
fir.gle, 2r.c i>er night up; transient.
Bl'FH, IS) (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely turn, sunny rms.. $1 50 to $7
wfek; n?c to fl 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
3 UNFURNISHED rooms to leu Inquire at
1101 Clay *t., corner Mason.
CLE M ENTINA. 291. off Fourth— Single rooms;
private family.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EPDY, 207— Nice pleasant furnished rooms, sin-
gle and double; from |o upward; quiet; gas;
bi.tc.
GEART. 4C>5 fThe Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
rms. ; euites or etr.gle; travelers accoramodatd.
GF.ARY. 774-Larse well furnished sunny suite,
with u*e of bathroom, in quiet private family.
GRAND BOUTHEJIN. southeast corner Seventh
an-J Mission sts.— ?unny rooms, en suite or
Firrle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
I HOWARD. 1118— Large sunny bay-window and
j aleove: also single rooms.
LARKIN. 7"T. near Ellis — Single front room
with private family; rent J16; furnished.
LAS TALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s.; private; bath; ein. rms.; board optional.
MCALLISTER, 539 — Double parlors and kitchen;
gas; bath: house; use of stove.
MINNA, 64S, nr. Sth— 2 large sunny unfurnished
on second floor: entirely separate: reasonable.
J MINNA. C67. corner Eighth — Newly- furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 4M — Sunny front room for man and
wife cr 2 gentlemen; cheap.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished room* $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; 'elevator: electric lights; day. wk., mo.
KOSEIULE House. 319 and 311 Ellis *t.— Rooms,
night 2^c to Jl, week $1 25 to J4; open night.
ROYAL House, 116 Ellis st.— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to Jl CO: week. S2 to
$*: month. JS to J30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; bathr.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eishth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 126— gunny furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
SUTTER, 717. near Taylor— Sunny, choice, rea-
sor.abie; please investigate; bath.
TAYLOR. 318— Nicely furnished suite; sun all
day; suitable foY 2 or 3 gentlemen; rent mod-
erate.
THE Seattle House— Nicely furnished rooms.
by the day. week or month, Jl per week and
up. 1221 Market Et.
TURK. 12S— Furnished sunny rooms for 1 or 2
gents, or man and wife.
TITRK. En— Front room suitable for 2 young
men.
"WEBSTER, 711— 3 or 4 rooms, parlor, dlnlng-
room, kitchen and bath, furnished or un-
furnished.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
GOOD home for young lady who works during
day; use of piano if desired; terms reason-
able. Box 2£42. Call office.
BOARD and rooms at 415 FlrEt St.. near Har-
rison.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rocrr.s ; fine table. ¦ 1604 California st.
VAN NESS ave.. 850— Nicely furnished front
rooms, with board, use parlor, piano, phone.
SEWING 3IACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES^
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, eold. rented, repaired;* needles and
fhuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. ISIS Mission, nr. i5th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
EEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
VVIL.SON BROS., storage and moving; covered
var.s. Ter.th and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FiUmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
STABLES TO LET.
BARN 12 stalls to let, with lot 70x100. Apply
at 321 Ninth st.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; n*w and second-hand; large
display; v\)- cheap. 927 Market, room 220.
JEyj^l* * VR J nr Ji n iL A grc»jj applies.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS-^We
pell better machines for le«s money than any
house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E38 California: telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices ta L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery tt.
PnOPOSALS.
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of Henshaw. Bulkley &¦ Co., 4S Fremont
et., San Francisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock noon
OCTOBER 19TH. 1900. for furnishing free of
exr«nse of delivery, at Honolulu, H. T. the
following machinery-
Bidders to Mate time required to make de-
livery, and to furnish explicit specifications
of what they propose furnishing:
One double cylinder, double friction drum
hoisting engine, complete with boiler; engine
to be similar in design and size to machThe
Illustrated and described on pages 34 and 35
cf the American Hoist and Derrick Co.'s cat-
alcgue. lSS5- - 8 edition.
As a substitute for the above, bids will
I alro r«> rec-lved for a doubl* cylinder, double
friction drum hoUtlng engine, complete with
boiler; engine to be oimllar In design and
«lze to engine number 2S, illustrated and de-
scribed on paces 26 and 27 of the American
HoUt and L>errlck Co.'a catalogue. lS95- - 6
edition.
J. A. McCANDLEPS, Superintendent of
Public Works. Honolulu. H. T.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMEXTS.
NOTICE— Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization— Control-
ler's Department. State of California, Sac-
ramento. October 9. 1900. — In accordance with
the provisions of Section 366? of the Political
Code, notice Is hereby given that I have re-
ceived from the State Board of Equalization
the "Duplicate Record of Assessments of
Hallways" and the "Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment of Railway Assessments." con-
taining assessments upon the property of
each of the. following named associations ar
corporation*, as fixed by said State Board of
Equalization for the year 1900, to-wit:
Central Pacific Railroad Company, South
Pacific Coast Railroad Company, Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, Southern California
Motor Road Company, Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, California Northwestern
Railway Company (lessees San Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad), Santa Fe Pacific Rail-
road Company, Pan Francisco and San Joaquln
Valley Railway Company. Southern California
Railway Company. North Pacific Coast Rall-
roa<i Company. Pacific Coast Railway . Com-
pany. Pajaro Valley Consolidated Rail-
road Company, Nevada County Narrow-
Cause Railroad Company, Nevada-Callfornia-
Or*ron Railway Company, Alameda and San
Joaquln Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
Company of California, Randsburg Railway
Company, Gualala River Railroad Company,
Sierra Valleys Railway Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company. San Francisco
and San Mateo (Electric) Railroad ¦ Company
and Pullman's Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property, and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable, and will be delinquent on the last
Monday In 'November next at S o'clock p. m..
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be edded
to the amount thereof, and unless bo paid on
or before the last Monday in April next, at t
o'clock p. m.. an additional S per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real . property will b« due
and payable at any time after the first Mon-
day in -January next, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock
p. rn.. and unless paid to the State Treasurer,
at the Capitol, prior thereto, S per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. Controller.
CALIFOBm NOBTWESTE&N RY.OL
LiKSSESl
SAX FBARCISCO AN9 NORTH PAC1F13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa. Ferry, Foot •< Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN KAJTAEX*
tfTEK DAYS— 7: W. 1:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
1:30. 5:10. 1:20 p. m. Tnundays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. en. Saturday s-^-Sxtra trips at 1:54
> and 11:30 d. m.
4SUNDAYS— 4:00. *:30. 11:00 a. m.t 1:30. 3:381
' i:O0. «:20 d. to.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
•WEEK DAY&-«:10. 7:M. »:». il:10 a. m.; lt.O,
1:40. 5:13 p. m. Saturday*- Extra trips at
1:55 and I:3S t>. m.
SUNDAYS— «:1<C 9:40. 11:10 a, m.1 1:40. t:4«.
- 6:05. <:25 r. m.
Bstween San Francisco and Scnustzea Par*
¦ama scheduls e» abova.
Lea.v« J In Effect. I Arrire
. Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900.1 San F*rancl»co»
' Week I Bun- I 1 San- I Weak'
Days. I days. | Destination.) days. | Days.
7:S0 am 8:00 sm Novatow 10:40 am 8:40 am
t:30 pm (:30 am Petaluma. 8:C5 pm 10:25 am
»:13 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roea. 7:3S pm t:» pm
Fulton.
I:J0 am Windsor. 10:23 ax»
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geysei-rllla.
, 8:30 pro 8:C0 am Clorerdale. 7:35 pm f :2O pa
!:M ami j Hopland j 110:25 ara
:S3 pm| 8:00 am! and Ulclah. | 7:35 pm! 8:20 pm
'liWun ' 10:25 am
8:00 am Ga^rnevllle. 7:35 pm
1:80 pm I <:Z0 pm
f:l)am 8:00 am Eonoma 9:15 am] S :40 am
and
1:13 pm S:CO pm Plan Ellen. C:0S pmf S:» pea
'7:30 am! 8.CO ami [10:4? am!10:ES am
. 1:80 pm| B:CO pm| Stbastopol. | 7/35 pm| 8:20 pa
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprinrs and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllltt for Skaa~ss Pprlr.es: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at HoplanJ for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, KelseyrlHe, Carls-
tad Bprlnjts, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saraton
Fprtng-s. Blue Lake*. Laurel I>«1] Lake. Wlttar
Fprtn«-s. tTpper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rirerslde. Hurley's, Bucknell's,
fcanhedrin Heights. KuIItUIs. Orr's Hot
Bprlnis. Mendoclno City. Fort Bratr, West-
port, l?tal. WJlllts. LaytonTUle, Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olaen'a. Dyer. 8ootl»
ani Eureka.
Saturday to Monday roun4\trlo tlcksts at
reduced rates.
On Sunday ronnd Uip tickett to all poiata
k*vond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, (30 Market at.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. "WHITING, H. X. KTAN.
General Ma&arer. Gen. Pass, Agtat.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30, 190QL
I'ROM SAN PRAXC1SCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. •»:«. 11:00 a. m.. "1:4S»
*:15. 4:00. 5:13. •«:15. «:40 p. m.
KXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valler and Saa
K&fael. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *3:0O. •10:00. "U-.SO a. m.. "1:13k
3:15. •4:43. 6:30. $:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FISOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:25. •«:». 7:43, »:J0 a. tn..
•12-30. 1:45. •J:SO, 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:». •*:«). »10.-00. ni:4S a, ra..
•1:40. »3:U. 4:45. •«:» p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. «:45. 7:55. »:30 a. ra..
l?r». 2:10. 3:30. 4:64. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAY9-8:05. 10:06 a- m.. 12.05. 2:15. 1:30.
5:00. «:4S p. m.
THROtTOH TKAIN3.
8:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and war sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturday*— Tomales and way sU-
tlcns. 1
. 8:00 a. ro. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
*^s s^ sr i|s © il &
A goodly number of pleas-
ing patterns and desirable
colorings in Smith's Axmin-
ster Carpets, with borders " to
match —
$i.oo a yard.
We've lots of other patterns,
from the plainest to the pret-
tiest— would like to have you
see them.
RUG WINDOW.
One big window full of rich rugs
in many patterns and styles. Ax-
minsteis as low as $2.50 and Jap-
anese Cotton Rugs for $1.00.
215-217 Sutter St., above Kearny.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st, San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half-or-
phans from July 1 to October 1, 1900: Amelia
A. L. Dlenst. 11 years 8 months; Emma Alice
Planto. 9 years 4 months; Emily O'Nell, 4
years 5 months; Henrietta B. Clark, 9 years
5 months; Edna Corscllia. 7 years 4 months;
Irene Corscilla, 3 years; Mary Ellen Morgan,
10 years 4 months; Lucy Itose Morgan, 8
years S months^ '
CAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION" CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
dT\ IDEND~Notice— Dividend No. 110 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Thurs-
day, November 1, 1900. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26, lftOfl, at 3 o'clocK p. m.
t E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 14 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
¦ after Wednesday, October 17, 1900.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE of Fireman's Fund Insurance Com-
pany. San Francisco, Oct. 15, 1900 — At a reg-
ular meetlns of the board of directors of
this company, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable en and after Oct. 17, 1900.
LOUIS WEINMANN. Secretary-
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84 C5c per
share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. No. 327 Market St.. on and after
Faturday, October 20. 1W0. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. October 13. 1900 at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON.. Secretary.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
John S. O'Nell, a. 30 Ellis street, and Sara
M. Kelly. IS, 226 Austin avenue.
John J. Foley, 29, San Jose, and Bessie L.
Armetta, 21, San Jose-.
IUch&rd L. Wayland. 23. S03 Fourth street,
and Annie I.I. Grlbble, 19, Oakland.
Frank Arioto, 29, 42S Green street, and Fran-
cesca Bella ntl. 23. 1520 Dupont street.
Charles H. Betts. 37. 416 O'Farrell street, and
Martha Benaten. 30. 807 Geary street.
Herman A. Skiff, 40. city, and Ollle M. Lucas.
22, San Jcse.
Joan M. R. Dumas, 40, 639 California street,
and Marie L. Patereau. 39, *39 California st.
Clement B. Thorp. 23. 811 Treat avenue, and
Florenae- A. M. Holt. 23. 1027 Post street.
Timothy J. Muld.iwney. 32, 722 Howard street,
and Adella M. nenham, 20. 715 Howard street.
William H. Malcolm, 34. 1424 Jones street,
and Minnie Stender, 22, 1719 Leavenworth street.
Krancis J. Foran, ¦ 23; 704 Bush street, and
Bernardln F. Stein, 21, A159 Folsom street.
William Morgan. 32, Oakland, and Abbi« M.
Desmond. 26, 6S Ellis street.
James McEldowney. 27, 1421 Seventeenth ave-
nue. South San Francisco, and Nellie Morgan,
25, 121 Flfer street.
Ansrus McMillan, 46, 1139 Union street, and
Sarah Lamery. 43. ft Shipley street.
Albert Frank?. 26, 33S Capp street, and Mabel
Pierce. 19. 203 Powell street.
Harry- j. -StaufTacher. 30. 232S Jones street,
and Sarah L. nernhardt. 28. 1111 Filbert street.
Joseph T. Durkln, 32, Sonora, and Mary King,
IS, city.
Jr-hn S. Nelson, 3^. f.33 Sacramento street, and
Alma Nelson, 25. 1519 Eddy street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAG-ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. •
KAUCHER- In this city. October 12, 1900, to
the wife of F. M. Kaucher, a son.
WANDS-In Oakland. Cal., October 15. 1900, to
the wife of Wlnfield S. Wands, a daughter.
MARRIED.
FOI BT-ARMETTA-In this city, October 16.
1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
John Joseph Foley and Bessie Leah Armetta.
i both of San Jose.
HENDRICKS— PETERSEN— October 14. 1900.
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, John August
Hendrlcks and Matilda Petersen.
JORGENSKN— BOSE— In this city, October 13.
1900. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Andrew B-
Joreensen and Christine Bose.
TRYGG— CIIKISH— In this 'city, October 16,
1900, by G. W, F. Cook, Justice of the Peace,
Gabriel E. TryjfK and Katie Frederlca Chrish,
• .both of West Berkeley.
WEBSTER— MELSKOV— In this city, October
16, 1300. by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller. John
E. Webster- and Marguerite M. Melskov, both
of San Francisco.
DIED.
Beamish. Charles McElllgott. James
Blehdon. William F. Mullarkey, Alice
Hums. Mary E. Newhall, Emergene
Delahunty, Johanna Pettersen, Emma
Ennis. Frank Pittman, James A.
Gallagher. Mary Swan. John
Gehl, Louis . Tonnissen, Lydla L.
Gundersen. Ellen F. Tuck, Prof. J. H. L.
Hanks. Walter S. Videau, Maggie
Horstmeyer, William Violich, Chester
Johnson, Harry Webster, Malvinla
Keating. Thomas E.
BEAMISH— In the City and County Hospital,
October 15, 1500, Charles Beamish, a native of
Michlcan. aged 40 years.
BLEHDON— In this city. October 15, 1900, Wil-
liam F. Blehdon. a native of Germany, aged
50 years. A member of Golden City Council
No. 202, Royal Arcanum, Chicago, 111. (Chi-
cago papers please copy.)
Ct?" Friends, acquaintances and members of
the order are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral this day (Wednesday), at 10
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Charles
H. Jacob & Co., 31S Mason street, between
O'Farrell and Geary. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemeterj*-
BURNS— In Oakland. October 16. 1900. Mary
Ell2*beth Burns, beloved wife of Michael
Burns, and dearly beloved mother of Mary
Burns and Mrs. F. T. Jones, a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 51 years.
IC7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 421 B street. North Oakland, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock:* Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
DELAHUNTY— In this city, October 16. 1900.
Johanna, beloved wife of the late Patrick
Delahunty, and mother of Ignatius, Kate,
Margaret. Ray and, Sadie Delahunty and Mrs.
John Muller. a patlve of County Clare, Ire-
land, aced 02 years,
CJTTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 121 Fourteenth street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing- at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ENNIS— In this city, October 1«, 1900. Frank
Ennls Cardozo, beloved husband of Virginia
Ennis, and father of Mrs. Mary Cohn and
Richard, Antone, John, Robert, Joseph,
Frank and Manuel Ennls, a native of Portu-
gal aged &0 years 2jnonths and 23 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
- dence, 6 Moultcn place, off Montgomery
street, between Green and Union, thence to
St. Francis Church, where a high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
GALLAGHER— In this city, October 18, 1900,
Mary Gallagher, beloved mother of Daniel
O'Connell, Mrs. J. M. Murphy of Arizona,
Mrs. Kate Hlnke and the late John and James
O'Connell. a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
tnTTriends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1624 Clay street. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GEHL — In this city. October 15, 1900. Louis
Gehl, a native of Berlin, Germany, aged 72
years and 10 montfcs. A member of Interna-
tional Cizarmakers 1 Union.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from" the parlors
of Theo. Dlerka. 957 Mission street, thence to
Odd Fellows' Crematorium, where the re-
mains will be incinerated.
GUNDEIISEN— In this city, October 15, 1900.
Ellen Frances, dearly beloved daughter of
Cornelius and Marguerite Gundersen, and sis-
ter of Frank Gundersen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years and 2 months..
r-?Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 7?2\i Clementina street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Howard and Fol-
som. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HANKS— In this city. October 15. 1900, Walter
Stanley Hanks, .a native of Cleveland, Ohio.
(Seattle papers please, copy.) i
C7The tuneral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at the
residence. $21 Polk street. Interment private.
HORSTMEYER— In this city, October 16. 1900,
William, beloved husband of Marie Horst-
meyer. and father of William Jr., Fred, Lou-
ise Henry and' Helen Horstmeyer, a native
of" Berlin. Germany, aged 68 yean. .
JOHNSON — In this city, October 16, 1900,
Harry, beloved son of John and Henrietta
' Johnson, and brother of Edwin, Robert, Wil-
liam and Henrietta Johnson. Mrs. R. S. Pres-
lev Mrs. Harry Pineomb of Nevada, la., and
Alfred Johnson of Chicago, III., a native of
Chicago. 111., aged 16 years 7 months and 15
days. (Nevada, Iarr and Chicago, 111., papers
please copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannag an * Gallagher),
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBRS.
80 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .
wic/* vrov./«fc go.. J
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMB ALMERS. I
1239 Market St., between 8th and 9tn. I
Telephone South 247. - / - . g
REAL. ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
U208L
Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; ZxlU: Day Et.
S15i<>.
Nineteenth ave.. IVlrero; 13T:€xlS4; 6-room
cottage; enap.
J3750.
OTarrell-i't. residence; fi rooms and bath;
must be maU.
t."lM.
flPOO cash only; Folsom st. home; lot 33x100;
MrCain - M000.
Worth J5000: 2 houw.«. nrar Valencia and 14th;
let M fecf street wide ani bituminized.-
11750 CASH.
Store and flat: near 4th and Market: J3300 can
remain on bank meriFa«e. rtnts $000 a year;
Rpr.t? S3S4: cheapest anl best Investment In
tcr.ri- near Jaei-» n and Mason ets.
MortpaF 1 ? S2OO0 to bank can remain; Waehlng-
ton-ft residence; sardv-n. ftc
J3400.
n#nts iZO; store and flat; Folsom St., near
' Fourth.
um.
Rer.tF 13?; J flats; *i block from Market and
Fourth e;k.
• KfiO CASH.
New corner cottafte on I>aj;una St., near Union
Ft car*; E rooms ar.d hath.
• *1500.
Paildir^ lot on Star.yan st., near Golden Gate
Tark. ?
J1P00 CASH.
f:»." r-.ortcage: Ciara ft., near 4th; store and
tenements; rents $33 »«t month.
J2T50.
Rents $36 per month; Dolores st. ; corner; 2
r.uif, \er>' nice.
J19.000.
Ker.ts t:~ CO; 3 elegant new Neb HilJ flats.
J14.5OO. ,
£5x100; Bush et. business corner; store and
dwellings.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
General Heal Estate Atente.
10 Montgomery st.
Bl'lLDlNG LOTS.
Opposite new Park entrance'.
On line of H «t. electric oars.
Krouiing Golden Gate I'ark
And Nineteenth-avc. boulevard.
Close to Strawberry Hill and
All I'ark attractions.
TRICKS LOW— YOUR OWN TERMS.
Money Advanced if You I~>esire to Build.
Cias and Water Serjjice.
Call at once at our r.raneh •.^Jioe (open we*k
days, Sundays and holidays^, corner of H st.
and Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gate Park.
and ask to t-e thotvn these beautiful lotj:. Full
litirtlculars and jTice lists also at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWKLL. U Montgomery sU
EA6TON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
C2S MARKET ST.
BIG PAYING MISSION INVESTMENT.
fS, 750— Rents f:<36 per annum; all rented: 4 fine
modern Tats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
and rear house; lot 4^x110 feet: Sixteenth
st . near Valencia.
JONES-ST. RESIDENCE.
tt.200 REDUCED FROM $12,000
On that (lecant residence block on Jones
et.. b*tw<-en Clay and Sacramento; lot
17:6x120 feet; S rooms and bath.
PATS 14 PER CENT.
SNAP— ON LAKKIN ST.— BARGAIN.
$6.000 — Near Pir.e «.. ; rents $70 per radnth; I
fxe flats.
FOUTH OT MARKET BUSINESS PROPERTY
H.000 — Ftore an<l 4 flat*; rents t4S per month:
cli rented; modern and up to date; near
Fo'.fom cr.<i Sixth sts.
CAN ARRANOE TERMS IF DESIRED.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
S3.500 — Make pfTfr; S flats of 5, 4 and 3 rooms:
rent* $C7 per month; near Eighth and
Howard sis.
SOUTH OF MARKET COTTAGE.
J1.M0 — : . t . • et., near Harrison; 6-toom cot-
ta^c; lol 23xS0 feet.
y00 CASH.
JUST ONE LEFT OF THOSE
!ov*-!y runny modern flats; percelaln
bath, tile mantels, etc. ; the rent you re-
ceive pays the balance.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$1,<V»— Fir.e level lots on Ashbury Height*, sur-
r -.-.•¦: by new and modern flats and
ifsidtnces.
rr/V— on McAllister St.; "5x137:6 feet.
$tf>0— Southeast corner Eighteenth ave. and
California st. ; ;3:4xS-6 feot.
E.^-TON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S Market st.
CHOICE KEAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS
-AT-
A. M. SPECK ft CO.'S, €6T Market st
$^.000— Finest Investment ever effered: lot 100
feet front rn Kills #t. ; grand improve-
ments: rents, J^.00; no chance in city
ever clTered to e<jual this.
S4ft,<mt— Pare $37''; grand ccrr.er; all rented.
HZ.SOO— Pays S per cent net; Eraad corner; on«
tenant: lease 5 ye?rs.
t"f.ooo— Iler.ts S"2: new improvements.
t2l.0 I -"'J — four stores and S flats; rents S2C2; 75
feet fror.t; fine bargain.
$K,£w— Rer.ts tm; new improvements.
JlO.fSO— Thir<l et. busiEess property, 81-foot
front.
$10.000— Elegant fiats, not far from Van Ness
ave. : rent* $1100.
JJ.OOO— Grand Invertment; 100 fe«t front, with
!rr»proven;«sis, renting for $100 a
month.
tS.OOO — (-'tore property on Ninth St.. near Mar-
ket; very cheap.
t',100 — Rents $70; new flats; near Van Ness
ave.
$4,000— Four flat*; all rented fc^ $45.
A. M. EPEXTK & CO.. €67 Market st.
FORET>"'FVRE sale. Tfcursday. Oct. IS. at II
o'clock, at City Hall entrance, Larkln «..
opp. Fultrn. Lot HS:10xl27:fi. en W line of
Kcurteor.th ave.. bet. I anil J Ms.
lx>t £5x120. W line of Sixteenth ave., 150 feet
f- of IT Bt.
Lot HxVjQ, S line cf H -St.. J2:« E of F«en-
tec nth ave. Th'.t last l^t ha« the h*n marine
view on H Ft.; electric cars pass let. For
lcijal notice ree Post.
C"HOI«~KFT lot in Richmond; on elevated j
pmuni; all *tre«»t work done; electric cart j
j^f within a for.- ftepe; 2Cxl20; on west sMe
of Tenth ave. ::* feet south from Clement:
2 if the prettiest homes in Richmond on
each Fide of it; easy payments; $40 cash.
quarterly installments to suit; price $800. W.
J. GfNX. ICO California et.. between Mont-
Frmery an<l Keamy.
S-ROOM mr^Jern home. Presidio Heights. 13500;
eaty r»>rrr.s THE McCARTHT COMPANY,
646 Market Ft.
•MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates fureiihed. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
fW"0 — EASY terms; new 7-room modern house;
MISSION cottage; r.rw; 6 rooms, bath; lot »0x
200; tZW: terms to Rdt buyer. 413 Kearny «t.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
<"•!!. 16 px«, sent to any address in the
1."nite<! states or Canada one year for Jl.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKDA REAL ESTATE.
tirno ;
For this vwk only: murt be sold on account I
r.f depBi-ture; a r r «><l 7-room house: lot 40x14*:
n«ar trains anc schools; their misfortune your i
Sain.
ALSO
FsiTlfWd under foreclosure; an elegant 8-
rnom house in choice location; all modern im-
rrrvetnents; lanre lot: must be sold this week.
ONLY jr/rt.
Arrir tr>-<!*y. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
DM TsrV rt..A!»mf"!a.(tn1 20 Post St.. 8. F.
ALA3IEDA UOCSES.
FIVE rc^ms and bath, handsomely furr.lshM
for hcupek.eer.lnr: rent S25 for permanent par-
tv; fir.fnt location. Api-ly 1101 Central ave..
.•"nr-.e'la.
ALAMI.IJA ROOMS AM) flOARD.
FinFT-ci^ASS lK~ard ~ar.& suite of rooms for
rr.an and wif*; private family In Alameda;
.•il'iy \tnx 4407. Call offl^.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
i hFiCK— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLABTO HI-MI, ESTATE.
S2H) CAJ5H. fl» monthly: 2-story house of 6
rooms and bath, laundry, lanre pantry, plenty
closet*; mf"1e! home now belnjr erected: will
finish at cn-^e to suit l.-uyer; city water anil
fcewer: fin*- whool; one block from electric
ckr lines; Rrrand site: Jine nelKhborhood; no
Um nor oolri win<lf: adJolainK East Oakland:
price all told fltt«>: see this at once, as It ii- a
Cf-i-Mei benrsin; 4.'« Seventh et., near Uroad-
«;iy. Oakland: carriage free. II. 2* JONES,
Oner.
l-IG FACniFICE.
• Nearly new home of 7 rooms, bath, conserva-
tory and rx-rches; fine larre lot: near tars
and train*; fruit tree?, parden and barn: J*7=>0
.fttsh; cost me U<»0. Address Owner. P. O.
to tl3. Sacramento, Cal.
rt'RNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 large
rooms and bath: sanitary plumbing; lot SOx
Vti; rrntral lfx-»tlon. Apply iM ISth St.. Oakld.
OAKLAND HOLSES TO iJeT-
GOOD houses. «et list frr»m~GEO W. AUS-
TIN & cq.. loos nroadway. Oakland.
OAKLA.VD FUIl.MTURE FOU SALE.
AN introduction to you fiwTnT1?chelIhaas. the
furniture dealer, Uta aad FrankUn, Oakland.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. Steamers leave Broadway
kkk. wharf, San Francisco:
V?Nw_. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
C^*^3PV Oct - 13 - 1? - 23 - :< - Nov - 2 -
I^^vS®*K Change to company's steaci-
|Ap«3\??i ers at Seattle.
Ik^&£4 N «1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
F»»iSftfp^"^,1 C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
t^^^aSf"i5i*-i Tacom a. Ever-tt. Anacorfs
"^SSBtBffj and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., Oct. 13. IS, J3. 23.
Nov. 2. and e\'ery fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamer* for
Alaska /and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Oct.
15. JO, !5. 30, Nov. 4/ and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Dlepo. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a.
m. t Oct. 12, 18, 20. 24, JS, Nov. 1, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crui, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayu-
cos. Port Harfcrd (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Hast San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—*
a. m.. Oct. H, IS, ,22. 26, 30, Xot 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magrlalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserve* the rljrht to changs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. TERKIXS A CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N, GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p o rtland
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
XAQC S12 First Class. Including Berth
iflnL 58 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA «alls Oct. 13. K. Nov. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. 20. 30
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. "WARD, General Agent.
430 Market *treet.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE \THARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. nx,
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONO. calllns at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki- and Shanghai, and
ccnnectlng at Hongkong with steamers tor In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October 17. 15*9
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. November 13. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
.' Thursday. December 6. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
SEW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
S/opplng at Cherbourg, westbound.
• FTorn» New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Oct. 24|St. Louis Not. 14
New York Oct. 31 New York...- Nov. n
Bt. Paul Nov. 7'St. Paul Nov. 28
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp, j
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Oct. 2*1 South wark .J...Nov. H
Noordland ......Oct. Sl| Westernland ...Nov. 21
Friesland Nov. ".Kensington Nov. 23
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
C0MPAONIB 6ENERAW TRAN8ATLANTIQTJS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^.
f ailing ev*ry Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1S99, af««3C»
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE, Oct. 'IS; LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 15: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
1- L'AQUITAINE. Nov. 8, First class to Havre
155 and upward. Second class to Havre, $42 60
and urward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. K Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUOAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Asents. 3 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
0CEAXIC S.S. CO.— HONOLULU. APIA
AUCKMSD.ANU SYDXEV.
SS. QUEEN (Honolulu only)
„ Wednesday. October 17, 1 p. m.
SS. ALAMEDA" to New Zealand and Aus-
tralia Wednesday. October Jl. 3 d. rn.
SS. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti
Thursday. November 1. S d. tn.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aqts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:'
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS........ 8:00, 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
»1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket Offices, 821 Market »t. Sauaallto Ferry.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
•uiiTMKn.i r«nrit! (iniri.u.
(PACiriO «f XTBM.)
Train* Irnti- nml «r« rfa* !• nrrtt* at
«4N HUM IS<».
I (Main Une. Foot «( ilar k"; Street )
Uatb — Feou Octobu I, 19C0. — ABKITS
¦7:00a Benleia. Sutsun. Elmirv VtcartUe,
Kiimsey »cl 3»er»meuto . . *7ill#r
*7iO»a Shut* Expreas-D»Tia, William* (for
Bartlett SpricpX Willows, Rod
Bluff. PortlmudV. *Tj43»
•7:304 Mwtiue*. S.u K«.non. V»l)ojo. JUp*.
CalUtofm ami M»ut* Rosa ¦SilSr
*8:00a D»tU, Woodland. Knight* Landing;,
Mixjstlila, OroililH. *7i*3p
•MiOO* AtUatic Kxpren— Ogden ao<l Ka*t *1SiI-1f
•«:«»» Nile*. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton *«:13a
••¦)>•* ban Juai. Lit rrmore. .Stuck Mm.
lone, Sacramento, PUarrTlII<%
Mknr*Tlll«, Cblcn. ltml lilulT MilSp
•«iSH* O»k|»ie, Chinese. -<ounr%. Carters... Hrill
•«:«»«» Hajwartii. Niir* and Way 8ution*. •! 1:13*
tttOtLn Angela* Expre*»-~ Martlnmt
Tracy, LaUirop. Stockton, Merotd
Krrauo aud Ix>» Angola* *7il-1p
•9:30* ValMn. Martiue* ami Way Station* ¦3il*»
•IOiOUa The UTeiUnJ U ulteJ— <)gden. Den-
»•*. Omaha. Chicago ¦0:43*>
•11:00a Kilt*. Btoekton. Macramento. Msn-
dota. Frf»ao. Hanford. V !«»:]».
PurterTille «IiI3»
•IIiOOa LlTtnnore. 8»of«r, Gochen. Jono-
tlon. Bakerrteld, Los Aogdea
•I 4ii)Hn tUywarda. Nile* and Way auUosi. •Sill*
tliWOr XmtumiiIu l:i»et Hte.msf* t3iO»a
•:iioi»r H»t«.ar In, Milr* and Way SUtloo*. MilJf
•l:'.)ttr Martluex. Hail lUiuoti, V»!l»Jo,
N» t «, t!,li.t..,i». Kaiita lloia •¦ilia
•liuor n-ulcia, Wtcverj. ftaerautanlo,
\V.h~II»..,1. Knlnbta l^udlus.
M«ry«»Ule, Orotllls -I "•; n 4
Mi2»pMl«a, San Jruie anil Stooktoo *?i!3r
•3:UOrTb« Owl Umlt«d-Tn«r. Kr«no.
BakertOvltl. Kan;u* for aaiita Bar-
bara. Lo* Aoselaa...... M«:Hi
•»t*Op Stuekton 'Ut-ia*
•SiWfKew Orlrant Excnaa— lUksnifleM.
Hauta lUrliara, Lm Ang'ta*. D^ui-
Inf. El I'»v>. K»w Orlcau* and
Ka»t : •7.«*»
•SiOOp najrwanU. Mian »nU rta« Jom. *7rt»«
KliOOr VhIIbJ.. 'lailSp
•UiOurOrientil Mall-Og>!en, Chejenne.
Omaha, Cblcago *12>43>
•«:00f Orieotal Mall-Ogdan, Denrar
Omahv Chloacn *<<>t!*p
•7:«O» NUB^frmey. L»throp. Stockton •I5i:13p
•;mui-(M<m au.l C'allfarnK Ki|>r«w m»o-
Wajanta. Maryotllle. lt«<Mln K .
l'i>it!i»n.l. 1'n^rt Mo.ii.il ami Kait '•!*.">*
J«.«.1p ValloH Forl Ccita and Wa» ma-
U..ii* til.— r
COAST IHTInION (.larron UtmL
(Foot of Market Sir eel, i
*8iI3a Navatk.C>;MtartlUe.MauJo«» > i'*lt<u>,
liouMerCrcek.SaiiUOrtnitud Way
.. .« »«»"«••• •aw»«»
tSiISp Souk, l.'sutcrTlllf. Sau Jom, New
Almatlflo, Felton, liontiler Creek,
Santa Crax and 1'rlaclpal Wtj
Station* ti«i»*«
•«il!»r Nowark. H.n Jom». Lo* Gatoa • **w>o»
al li*3p Hanurt' Ezsuraiav. San Jos* and
Way station* pi»Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrt«Sl» riklCUCO— ri.t *r Harkat Strut (Slu D—
•7:15 »:0O 11:0O*.M. tl:S3 *a:Oa 13.ZI
*I:C3 |I:J3 *t:33r.H.
FrimOlIHID- mi irimiwtr.— "1:00 8:09 10.00*. «.
|»:C3 *I:C3 tlC3 »3:C3 tl:C3 'lllr.*.
COAST ItmNMM ;ltro».M^,i < -,.
<ThlrJ i«i f* Towniwitil 8U.)
t«ilOA Ocean View. South Han Frindaco.. T^>3«f
*7>Ott« Han Joia and '7ay .Station* (New
Almiiilai- Wetluewlajiouly) *li3ur
•»!««» Han Jom. Trm I'liioi. H«uta Crux.
Paellic tlr.ni>. I'm .Knble*. San
' l.nl* 'Ibl.im, Surf, Lompoc anU
Principal Way Mutl.mi *lilor
•loiiiu Ban Jom mil Way MWtlon* *«i3.1i
•I llSOa Han Joan ami Wa- .Stotlon* »»i tor
f«:l3i- -S.a Uatou. Itnlwood. Msnlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .!»««,
Tre* Pino*. Santa l.'rm, Sallaa*.
M on terejr ami 1'aeine Grufe tl".-:tfl t
fliSOr 8tn Jn*« ami Way Htatlon* •?:3np
f.:l3r San Joaaaml Principal WaytJtaUnu* •l»:lj»
fSiOOrban Jc»; Lo« Gatoa and Principal
Way Sutioio **t*W*
•¦1t:ii»r Sau Jom ami Principal Way Station* ¦^:S-T»
•ti>.1Ur Sau Jcae ami Way .Station* ?•:«»*
glt;<5pSan Jcte.n.l Way Statloun »7i3Op
A for Moriiiuc " P f or Aftamnon
•Daily. . t .-.iui-Ut cxeontrd. • Huuday only
ES'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1098 Pine street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. •
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 370 Third street, thence
to the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a requiem . high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
WEBSTER-In this city. October 16. 1900. Mal-
vinla, beloved wife of the late Artemas Web-
ster, and mother of Mrs. Madtce Gray.
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to French Church of Notre Dame des
Vlctoires, Bush street, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencinir at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. »
VIOLICH— In Oakland. October 15. 1900. Ches-
ter VIollch, dearly beloved son of Felix and
Ella VIollch, and brother of Walter and Clif-
ford VIollch, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged
17 years and 5 months.
[C7"Frlerids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
dtnee, 433 Francisco street, thence to St.
Peter's Episcopal Church, .corner Stockton
and Filbert streets, for services. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
TUCK— In this city. October 14, 1900. Professor
J. H. L. Tuck, a native of New Hampshire,
aired 76 years.
CTFrlenda are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2:30 o'clock, at 3423 Nineteenth street.
Interment rrlvate.
VIDEAU— In this city, October 14, 1900, Mag-
pie Videau, wife of Gustave Videau, mother
of Benjamin. Mamie and Celinla Videau, and
.sister of Jerome Donavan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 43 years and 5 months.
tu^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, S4S Thirtieth street.
TONNISSEN— In this city, October 15. 1900.
Lydia Louisa Tonnissen. beloved wife of
Charles Tonnissen, beloved dauKhter of Mr.
and Mrs. W. Croasneld. and sister of Jane.
TUlIe, Lizzie, Henry. Willie, Georre and
Freddie Crossfleld, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 6 months and 9 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are/ respect^
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from the reshlence of her
parents at Belmont. Services at the house at
11 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by train leaving Belmont at 12:19 o'clock.
PETTERSEN- In Port Townsend, October 8,
1900, Emma, dearly beloved wife of Captain
R. Pettersen, mother of Edna and Ruth Pet-
tersen, and daughter of Henry and Louise
Stelnhagen. a native of Lubeck. Germany.
tipdl 21 vears 2 months and 25 days.
CTFriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of II. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween. Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
PITTMAN— In this city, October 14, 1900, James
Alfred, beloved son of John N. and Hattie
Pittman, and brother of Fannie. Earle N. and
Delbert S. Pittman. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years 7 months and 23 days.
B WAN— In Oakland. October 15, 1900, John, be-
loved husband of Anna M. Swan, a native of
Russian Finland, aged 42 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, cor. Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing: at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
NEWHALL— In Fresno, October 14, 1900. Emer-
gene Elizabeth, beloved dauRhter of William
M. and Emma S. Newhall. and ulster of Wil-
liam S., Ira P.. Wallace. Fred S. and Arthur
A. Newhall, a native of Belmont, San Mateo
County, Cal., aged 21 years 9 months and 23
days. '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from- the resl-
. dence of the parents, 1755A Howard street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery-
KEATING— In Lexington, Ky., October 9, 1900,
Thomas E. Keating, a native of Kansas,
aged 3S years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at Reno. Nev., from the residence
of Frank M. Lee.
McELUGOTT— In this city, October 14, 1900.
James, beloved husband of the late Mary Mc-
Elllpott, loving father of Mary and Gerald
McElllgott, and brother of William and Tom
McElligott, a native of County Kerry. Ire-
land, aged £3 years. •
E^Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
Ftreet. thence to St. Patrick's Church s for
cervices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULLARKEY— In this city. October 16. 1900,
at St. Mary's Hospital. Alice Mullarkey. a
native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
\B AY AND RIVEH STEAMEBS.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD and VALLEJO
„ Steamer '* Montlcello."
MON., Tues., Wed.AThurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m..g
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150S.-
FARE 50oward his disbarment. It is for these rea
sons that the Grand Jury ln Its report
yesterday urges upon the Bar Associa
tion the necessjty of removing Mr. Rog
ers from his sphere of notable unworth.
Rogers "and his affairs were not the only
matters under discussion by the Grand
Jury yesterday. John M. Chretien, Jacob
Rauer and R. Colthorp were again before
the jury in reference to the Sullivan es
tate. They had practically nothing to
tell, however, and after a short inquirj
were excused, i
The jury came to the conclusion that
the first Indictment preferred against
Frod Hansted for felony ln having de-.
frnuded Jake Rauer out of a certain sum
of money in connection with the estate
wa3 defective, and a new one therefore
was prepared and filed. This new indict
ment csserts that Fred Hansted, alias
"Young Dutchy," feloniously uttered a
fictitious instrument on the Rauer Col
lection Agency for the payment of money
and property of one John Sullivan, a sole
surviving brother and heir at law of Jo
seph Sullivan, deceased, whereas, in fact,
there was then no such person in exist
ence a-3 John Sullivan. Hansted will be
tried in a. few days on this charge. Judge
Bahrs fix<d the bail at $2000, but "Young
Dutchy" continued to remain an inmate
of the County Jail.
perpetrated in the Probate Court of Judge
James M. Troutt. Rogers refused to
answer a series of questions asked of
him and was forced to spend five days
in the County Jail for his refusal, ile
was also ordered to pay a line of $500,
but this part of the punishment inflicted
upon him has not yet been carried out.
Rogers justified his refusal to answer
the questions of the Grand Jury on the
ground that he would convict himself of
a felony. The Grand Jury considers that
these facts warrant what it now asks tho
Bar Association to do. The position of
Rogers in the matter has never been the
subject of discussion. It has been per
fectly clear to the general public and to
that exalted part of the public which
chooses to consider itself a body of honor
able men % under the designation of the Bar
Association. Mr. Rogers Is theoretically
as honorable as any member of that as
sociation" and he has confessed that if
he were to tell the truth in reference
to his connection with the crime he would
have a tendency to incriminate himself.
This evidence suggests itself to the ordi
nary mind as being reasonably conclusive
of the fact that James Taylor Rogers
should not be a practicing attorney be
fore the courts of this State, or that he
Is as thoroughly qualified to be one as are
the men who refuse to take any step to-
GRAXD JTJRT MAKES RECOMMENDATION TO THE " BAR ASSOCIA
TION THAT JAMES TAYLOR ROGERS BE DISBARRED FOR HIS
CONNECTION WITH THE LOOTING OF THE SULLIVAN ESTATE.
A SERIES of new sensations has
sprung from the criminal con
spiracy by which a clique of
scheming lawyers and other
scoundrels attempted to rob the
estate of Joseph Sullivan in this city. The
Call exclusively published the story of
this shameless outrage upon the dead.
John SI. Chretien is now under sentence
for ten yean= for his participation ln tne
crime. Jarr.cs Taylor Rogers has suf
fered Jirrrisor.Kirnt and the Grand Juiv
recommended yesterday to the Bar Asso
ciation thnt he be aisbarred. Scandal
Lfter scandal has followed In rapid puc
c«>«sion in this story of crime and next
•week another sensation will be sprung
In open court when Fred Hansted. nllas
"Your.g Dutchy," will be tried for a
felony. Th'.s startling development will
take the form cf a sworn affidavit which
John M. Chretien has made, s-igned and
ewora to in the Countv Jail.
In this affidavit Chretien make? the
startling sworn statement that "Doc"
Edward Weathcrly, the notorious race
track follower, and not Fred Uanstfd,
was the fcan who produced the heir,
formed tbe\>lot and manipulated the pre
liminary stops for the looting of the Su!
llvan estate. This cocum«"nt Chretien ha<=
friv^n to Hansted. The paper will be pro
duced Jn court to show that Hansted had
T'lthing to do with th? bogus heir and ln
the srpniialouf affair simply performed
the service of body guard for Charles Lar
vor. the young rascal who impersonated
the heir. "Young Dutchy" supplement?
Chretien's sworn statement by the asser
tion that since his return from Cap<;
SCotac he has been robbed by Weatheriy
of Jl2>0 in bank note?. IWXt in gold nug
gets, valuable skins, wearing apparr-1 an.1
private papers.
He- KKseru that under the mask of
friendship Weatherly and his wife stole
this valuable property from him and then
fiod to London, whore they now are. When
Chretien was convicted recently he re
turnet! to the County Jail and made the
affidavit which will play a startling part
in the new development of the case. Tho
document is a long one and traces abso
lutely in detail every stage of the plot
by which the bogus heir to the Sullivan
JOHK M. CHRETIEN', WHO
MARKS AFFIDAVIT ACCUS
ING "DOC" WEATHERLY.
in the name of Hansted, in some local
bank. Weatherly, he says, carried out
his instructions to the letter and the
money Is now gene with the elusive "Doc"
to London. After this transaction, which
took place in the .City Prison, "Doc"
Weathcrly and his wife were very at
tentive to Hansted. calling- on him fre
quently while he was at the City Prison
and the County Jail.
They showed him small favors and were
apparently very solicitous for his welfare.
During this time Hansted had kept pos
session of the ' keys to his trunks, but,
wishing to get something from them on
one occasion, and believing that Weath
erly and his wife were honestly his
friends, he gave Weatherly the keys to
his trunks?. This was, several weeks ago
Weatherly returned to the jail with what
Hansted asked for and the prisoner
thought nothing more of the incident until
one day Weatherly called on Hansted and
had on a pair of patent leather shoes
which were suspiciously like a pair
"Young Dutchy" owned. No comment
was made at the time, but , "Young
Dutchy" started a train of thought which
gave him no particular peace of mind.
He heard a tew days ago that Mrs.
"Weatherly had bought a ticket for Chi
cago and her husband had gone to Lon
don. This information explained a great
deal, as the Weatherlys had not been to
see Hansted in some time. Affairs came
to a climax yesterday when Hansted
asked permission to go out of the jail in
the custody of a deputy and Inspect his
trunks. He opened his trunks and made
the interesting discovery- that "Doc"
Weatherly had taken five pounds of gold
nuggets, all the valuable papers that the
trunks contained, several foxskins and
other furs and considerable wearing- ap
parel. "Youns Dutchy" is very firmly
convinced that he has been Injured and
he promlsps all sorts of spectacular per
formances if he ever meets "Doc"
Weatherly. -
The Bar Association of this city has
again been prodded to the performance of
what seems to be, to every intelligent
layman in San Francisco, a long delayed
and very evident duty. The Grand Jury
emphatically made recommendation yes
terday to the Bar Association that it
take steps to t-ecure the disbarment of
James Taylor Rogers, who was so notori
ously connected with tho attempted rob
bery of the Sullivan estate. Public opin
ion in a variety of ways and upon various
occasions has demanded such action from
the Bar Association and now, the Grand
Jury, which is thoroughly in possession of
the facts ln the case, adds its urging to
the general demand.
In a preliminary report rendered by the
Grand Jury yesterday to presiding Su
perior Judge George H. Bahrs, the offl
cial inquisitors recommend the disbar
ment of Jnmes Taylor Rogers. Rogers
it will be remembered refused positively
to reveal his connection with the crime
Hanst-d says that when he came here he
bad considerable money and was fearful
that It mlpht be taken away from him
ar.d that he might lose it. He had $1200.
he says, in bank notes, hidden in a belt
which he wore around his waist. He gave
this to "Doc" Weatherly and cautioned
him to place it in his own name and not
"Doc" Weatherly and his wife were
even more fearful of the reappearance of
"Young Dutchy" than they had been ap
parently at the first publication of the
scandal. They were constantly ln Han
sted's company from the moment of his
ntrival in this city. They were the first
to greet him and held long- private con
versations with him and last night Han
sted tcld in th*» County Jail what he
claims was the result of that intimacy.
He claims that the Weatherlys deliber
ately robbed him of practically everything
he had in the world, even his shoes.
Further than this Chretien asserts Han
stfd had nothing to do with the case.
This In outline is the affidavit which Chre
tien has made and which Hansted pos
sesses. Chretien enters into very elab
orate details, giving dates and places of
meeting with Weatherly and his wife and
their discussions in reference to the es
tate. According to the affidavit W'eather
ly was the arch conspirator who brought
the bogus heir out of obscurity. When
The Call made its expose Weatherly was
palpably excited and disturbed. He and
his wife haunted the newspaper offices
and the men who had been accused and
seemed fearful of every development m
the case. Their fears were Quieted, how
ever, until the return of Fred- Hansted
inspired ihem apain. l •
Some time passed, according to Chretien,
when one day Weatherly came to him.
accompanied by a stranger, who was in
troduced to Chretien as John Sullivan, the
heir for whom Chretien had been look
\v.z. Weatberly. says Chretien. ha.rl
formed the plot to produce the heir, and
v:as to share the proilts of the criminal
conspiracy. Chretien swears that he
never knew the true name of the bogus
heir until It was mentioned In court. He
discovered soon after the appearance of
tho impostor, however, that his new ac
quaintance was? a drunkard, very unre
liable, likely, at any moment, to jeopar
dize the entire Fcheme. It was necessary
that a guardian of some port be secured
for him and for that purpose "Young
Dutohy" was employed at a stated daily
compensation.
estate was produced. Chretien swears
that after he br carr.e attorney for the ab
sent heirs he approached "Doc" Weath
crly for information, knowing that
Weatberly had lived In London and was
familiar with that great city. He asked
Weatherly in reference to streets, locali
tics and various places of buFine?s and In
asking this Information save his reasons,
stating that he was looking for a John
Sullivan, who was heir to a $5000 estate
in this city.
John M. Chretien, who has been sentenced to serve ten years for
a crime, has added a new sensation to the scandalous story of the con
spiracy to rob the estate of Joseph Sullivan. Chretien has made, signed
and acknowledged before a notary an affidavit accusing "I>oc" Edward
Weathcrly of having been the conspirator in chief by producing the
bogus heir and insisting upon his presentation in court.
Fr»d Hansted, alias "Young Dutchy," who will be tried next week
for his participation in the affair, supplements Chretien's sensational
affidavit by the startling assertion that "Doc" Weatherly and his wife
have robbed him of $1200 in bank notes, $1000 in gold nuggets, valu
able wearing apparel, skins and many private papsrs and have fled to
London. '
Fred liansted Says His Former Friend Robbed Him and Fled to
London==Grand Jury Asks That Rogers Be Disbarred.
CHRETIEN SWEARS THAT WEATHERLY
FORMED THE PROBATE CONSPIRACY
.; Trunk«'& traveling bags". .Before'. buying see
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smlti Co.. 12S Ellis.*
l*<!les* tailor-made cults, silk skirts, fnr
c*pt«; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, £2« Sutter. •
M. C. Sloss la honest, able arid energetic
If elected. Superior Judge he, has the edu
cation and^character to rill the office with
credit . to ' himself . and honor to the com
munity. ¦.-•: •
cSt?_by n his ! £ihl mea * ure '* lov^ sin :
The name of Sloss has been a guarantee
or Integrity in. this community for fifty
£ud"hoJh C eI u Ctl0 . n , of M - C. Sloss to the
Si«^T^?£ en . c £ wln * be creditable to the
man and to the people who choose him.*
The Australia for Tahiti.
This favorite etfamcr. under command of
Captain Lawless, will Rail for Papeete Xovem
ber 1st. -.Hitherto these charming islands of the
South Seas have been reached by saillng*ve8;els '
requirlng'30 to 40 days, but. the time of new
steamship eorvlce will be lOi£ days. Ask for
particulars ;. of •' the : low ' excursion rate at 643
Market street.' , ¦ . . .
Judge Ferralfhas removed his office to
62S Montgomery street. ' •
.Mary.AUen. charged with the murder
of Marj; Frances Devine through the com
mission of a criminal operation, Is on trial
before Judge Dunne. It is believed the
case will go to the jury to-day. .
Mary Allen or. Trial.
Swim at. the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best ln dty. #
Professor J. H. L. Tuck Bead.
Profeysor J. H. L. Tuck, a well-known
mining engineer and Inventor, died ln this
city on Sunday last at his residence, 3429
Nineteenth street. Professor Tuck came
into prominence through his claim of tho
invention of the submarine torpedo-boat
Peacemaker, ,which he said had aston
ished the people of New York, where it
was exhibited in 1SS6. Deceased was a
native of New Hampshire and 76 years of
age.
SNEAK THIEF MAKES
BREAK FOR LIBERTY
Bailiff Joseph Wind.-ow Has Exciting
Adventure With Dangerous and
Self-Confesscd Criminal.
Herman N. Hastings, a sneak thlrf.
pleaded guilty of grand larceny yesterday
in Juc!^e Oook'3 court and was ordered to
appear for sentence on Saturday. He was
taken 10 the County Jail by Joseph Wind
row, bailiff of Judge Lawlor's court, and
when about to ascend the 'steps of the
Jail Hastings broke away and ran down
Broadway, pursued by the officer. Hast
ings had a good start, he having taken
the bailiff by surprise, but Windrow over
took him after he had run about 200 yards
and both men rolled over and over to
gether on the pavement. When the of
ficer got Hastings on his feet the prisoner
rnadp a stout resistance, but was quickly
s-ubdued by fcis captor and taken to the
jail.
When the desperate criminal was placed
in hi? reli he shammed insanity and pro
ceeded to tear up Things and it wan found
Decenary to put him into the dark cell.
tit- was no letter there and was placed
in a strait jacket, which change had the
effect of rendering him as gentle as a
Rurkiing dove.
Hastings stole fw*) worth of Jewelry
from the room of Mrs. Jennie Kean at 906
Market street.
GEN. SHAFTEB CELEBRATES
A BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY
Is Now Sixty-Five Years Old and the
Oldsst Officer in Active
Service.
General William R. Shafter celebrated
his sixty-iifth birthday yesterday. He is
the oldest oillcer in active service.
Last night he was serenaded by the band
of the Third Artillery at his home at Fort
Mason. It was in the nature of a (sur
prise to the general and greatly, pleased
him. Many friends called during the
evening and extended their , congratula
nini e i, st S ries^ 0f haru8h »P in "the Phillp
?!»?*?£ a .. de ? resslng effect on quite a
tf™,£ \ h ?v r ™ M **" *'ho have been sta
nw^?n I he PresIdl ° tor some time past
Y^tir^o tra n8P?rtation to . the Islands.
rnvfciv i y mornln S. when assembled for
dock lE repi VL atory t0 the march to the
Snor. rr th ? y were to emba rk on the
T,^,7ii^, Grant, twenty-seven of the
would-be soldiers failed to answer when
_f r d p n»me» were called. The cause or
of ihJ f Prllon , ls supposed to be the sight
?n Mlnnr^L 8 , °u f s oldiers who di"d'
eamn al tu whlch da ">' pass the recruit
an?« P «V.l he reRerv atlon and the appear
lltzl mnJr 6 ? all t nts at the- general -hos
fte al i s Cdl° f Wh ° m had 6een 6ervlce ln
Ready to Litigate Over an
Assessment That Has
• Been Voted.
' * " ~ — ~*~7
There 'is trouble, among the stockhold
ers of El Carmen Mining and Milling
Company, which is operating In Mexico
with offices in this city. There are sev
eral phases, of . the controversy. One al
leged grievance that. is. about to result in
legal proceedings is that an- assessment
has been levied on the stock. The direc
tors of the company are Calvin D. Brown.
J. W. Wright, Herman. Murphy, H. An
derson and W. A. Caldwell. Papers in a
suit against them and also against the
company will be filed by Attorney H. M.
Owens to-day.. In the complaint the court
.will be asked to make an order restrain
ing the defendants from proceeding to
collect the assessment pending, compell
ing them to make an accounting and ap
pointing a receiver to take charge of and
operate the mine.
The complainant Is Newell Winants.
Calvin D. Brown, one of the defendants,
is superintending the operation of the
mine., He Is a dentist. The assessment
has been ordered since he began to man
age- he succeeding Winants.. In the com
plaint that has been prepared it is al-
t se :L * at Brown . who is employed by
tne directors, Vhnd never any experience
at allas-a miner, .but had practiced den
tistry in the city and county of San Fran
cisco for several years prior to his em
ployment as manager and superintend
ent. It is also set forth that the di
rectors have not kept a record of all their
business transactions, and that they have
mismanaged affairs; also that they have
refused to account to the plaintiff and to
other stockholders concerning the amount
or rwoney received from the working of
the mine and their expenditures.
The trouble, of which the suit brought
by Winants. is the culmination, has been
brewing for, some time. Winants pre
pared a typewritten statement, in which
he attacked the management of the com
pany s propet-ty and then sent out no
tices to the stockholders to visit the of
llces of H. M. Owens and read the state
ment. One of the allegations then made
was that" from $15,000 to $;50,000 in gold had
been pormitted : to run away into a creek.
There were many other statements con
cerning jillcged waste and mismanage
ment. The directors have been inclined
to make lieht of Winants' complaint.
Now the issues will be determined in
court.
The company is capitalized for $200 000
the stock being divided Into 200,000 shares.
EL CARMEN MIME
OWNERS ARE AT
SWORDS' POINTS
not been for a gentleman Interfering in
the light she might have severely pun
ished the two sisters. The following Mon
day morning Mrs. I>raude hurried to the
warrant clerk and got warrants for the
arrest of the two sinters for battery, but
the cases were dismiss*! and the sisters
had her arrested. The Judge convicted
Mrs. Draude on both charges and fined
her $10 for one and reserved sentence on
th* other till November 1.
Mrs. Clara Hurd appeared before Judge
Mogan on a charge of disturbing the
peace, and E. Hintermann. grocer. 521
Cortland avenue, on a charge of assault
to murder. In the latter case Mrs. Kurd's
husband, B. B. Hurd, was the complain
ing witness. Mrs. Hurd happened to De
in Hintermann's grocery with another
woman Sunday night. October 7. when
Hintermann put out the lights. Hurd en
tered the grocery and had to be taken
to the Receiving Hosptal to be treated
Tor several cuts and h's wife was arrested
for disturbing the peace. Yesterday Hurd
alleged that he was not stabbed, but re
ceived his cuts by pumping through a.
window, and he would not prosecute Hin
termann. The case was dismissed and
SI « H^/ 50 dismissed the case against
Mrs. fc,lla Mindham, 124 Langton street,
swore to a complaint Jn Judge Cabaniss'
court for the arrest of her husband.
James Mindham. a laborer In a lumber
yard, on the charge of threats to kill. She
was accompanied bv her two young
daughters She said her husband had
!>een drinking heavily and not contribut
ing to the support of the family and he
mm been told not to come around, as
they could get alonrr without him. He
ralied Monday night with a revolver and
threatened to kill the whole family. She
h n as w af^ ld that unless "was arrested
he would carry out his threat.
Number of Defendants and Complaining
Witnesses Daily Increasing.
Mrs. Nana Draude was another defend- '
ant before Cabaniss. there being I
two charges of battery against her. She '
Jives on Bernard Ftreet an4 the complain- !
Ing witnesses against her were Mr-- i
Margaret Kerr and her sister. Miss Jennie I
Bole, who live in the same neighborhood i
Sunday. September 30, Miss Bole was !
returning home from church when she i
was attacked by Mrs. Draude wno I
grabbed hold of her Lair and swung her '
round, following this up by striking her !
Mrs. Kerr came to hrr sister's ass'stanc? I
and Mrp. Jiraude struok her. Mrs. Draud" ;
is a powerfully built vioman and if it had
Mrs. Ann Gormnn, 240 I^angton street,
was charged before Judge Cabaniss by
Mrs. Mary Bowon, 241 Langton street,
with disturbing the peace. About three
months afi-o Mrs. Gorman's husband
brought suit apainst her for divorce and
Mrs. Bowen and her mother, Mrs. Ann
Thompson, were witnesses for the hus
band. Since then Mrs. Bowen alleges that
Mrs. Gormaji has been constantly abusing
her and her mother.
Mrs. Xellie Wells, wife of Daniel Wells,
a gTipman. appeared before Judge Caban-
Ifs on the charge of threatening to kill
her sister, Miss Fannie M. Sanborn,
through jealousy. The case was set for
hearing to-day. An additional charge of
batter>' was booked against Mrs. Wells
on complaint of her sister and she was
released on bail.
The unusual number of cases In the
Police Courts, in which women are either
the defendants or complaining witnesses
or both, !s attracting considerable com
ment. Yesterday was a field day in this
respect.
WOMEN WHO SEEK REDRESS
IN LOCAL POLICE COURTS
Third— He has managed to straddle platforms
the major part of which I repudiate.' •
Fourth— Mr. Bryan has plnced fabricated is
sues before the people — imperialism, trusts and
government by injunction.
Fifth— I refused to vote for Mr. Bryan in
1S96 because of 16 to 1 and other planks of
the Chlcajro platform, and \ as that platform
was re-enacted at Kansas City I cannot see
any logical reason why I should support htm
now. However. I do not occupy th» fame posi
tion as I did in 189G-this time I shall vote for
McKinley.
Every Dredlctlon Mr. Bryan made in 1S96 has
been falsified, and. I believe a change in ad
ministration at this time particularly unde
sirable. I regard Mr. Bryan's theory of Dem
ocracy as disturbing and un-American, j We
have the demonstration before us in his pre
dictions of 1S9G that he Is a man of unsound
Judgment, and a man of unsound Judgment Is
not fit to be President of the United States.
Is there a man In tho whole country who
would pay that he desires to see America con
verted into an empire? Mr. McKinley has
never said so. There Is no Issue of Imperial
ism. I doubt if there is a man- residing any
where In the United .States who .desires any
chance In .our Vprlnclpk-s of government. Im
perialism does not. but expansion In Asia does
disturb the American- mind, but that must be
settled irrespective of party and the agitation
nov.' Is due mainly to. the .desire to create a
diverting issue. The campaign so far has been
one of false Issues, of which the most false
Is Imperialism; '• ¦'
Personal!:' I am opposed to the retention of
the Philippines, but when my country's flag
was advanced in the "war with Spain, my sym-
Dathies were with the soldiers and sailors of
the. United States. Xo-proud nation has ever
been bo thoroughly subdued, at so little expense
In money and life, as . the monarchy of Spain
by the republic of the United States. But for
tho treaty of Paris the issue which Mr. Bryan
has tried to foist upon 'the American people
would not be possible, and yet he Is the man
who is responsible. /for Its acceptance.
What are we going to do with the Philip
pines? Are we going to leave them?. Or are
we going to do what an honest/ self-respecting
nation will always do— support the President In
his effort to pacify the islands and then when
tho time comes fight out in the halls of- Con
gress the question of what form of government
shall be established, or whether the islands are
to be retained at all.
Mr. Bryan says the trusts are an issue. The
Kansas City platform .says the' same. The
Republican platform says , what any common
sense man ought to say— that" there' "are good
and bad combinations, but that any combina
tion Involving: a conspiracy is illegal and should
be suppressed. It Is to the credit of the Ile'
publlcan party that the only national anti-trust
law was passed by a Republican Congress and
signed by a Republican President." '
The real Issues of the campaign— one of them
Is European democracy. Whenever a Euro
pean traitor comes into my country with his
brutal red flag to cause riot and bloodshed
I am In favor of hanging that man. I will
not eay that Mr. Bryan sympathizes with that
element, but every man of them desires Mr.
Bryan's election. .
Would or would not Bryan, In case of his
election, be bound to bring every pressure to
bear to derange the currency of the United
States and to establish the free coinase of
sliver? If he would, do you want him for
President? The prosperity of the United States
In the last four years Is appalling in Its Im
mensity. Granted that parties do not create
prosperity, suppose that Mr. Bryan had been
elected in 1S96. . Suppose that free coinage of
silver had been, established. There could have
been no greater calamity to the country.
The paramount issue Is the election of Mr.
Bryan and the introduction of free coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to L
An address unique among the political
speeches of the campaign was that of
Henry E. Highton at Metropolitan Tem
ple last night. Mr. Highton, a life-long
Democrat, who is still a Democrat, and is
unalterably opposed to the retention of
the Philippines and to the protective tar
iff, championed the cause of McKinley
with all the earnestness and logic and
hammer-and-tongs vigor, for which he is
noted jkh an advocate, and aimed at the
apostle of end-of-the-century Democracy
thrusts of logic and sarcasm such as no
Republican orator has employed.
The audience filled the temple and en
thusiasm was at a high pitch. A largo
number of well-known Democrats were
present.
Senator Gutter, secretary of the State
Central Committee, presided as chairman
of the evening. In calling the meeting to
order he said:
"Among the accessions to the Repub
lican party In this State there is none
more prominent or able than the gentle
man who will address you this evening.
It is my pleasant duty to introduce Mr.
Henry E. Hlghton."
Mr. Hlghton was received with prolong
ed applause. He spoke in part as follows:
Ladles and gentlemen: There has been placed
in my hands a circular in which- my views in
opposition to the annexation of Hawaii are set
forth. I will say to those who prepared that
circular that I am not here for the purpose
of taking back any statements of mine which
were the result of mature deliberation. 'One
of the res sons for my being here Is that Im
perialism is a false Issue.*
In my view It Is easily demonstrable that In
the. Republican platforms of 1896 and 1900 Dem
ocrats can find a better exposition of Demo
cratic principles than" In the Chicago and Kan
sas City platforms. The Republican organiza
tion of this day is largely inoculated with the
true spirit of Democracy.
The constitution shields alike the wage-earner
and the capitalist. There are in all ' parties
capitalists who seek their own ends In a back
ward revolution. Labor also has Its dema
gogues. But the great mass of the people. Ir
respective of party, respect the guarantees of
our liberties and desire to see nothing but
equal rights before the law prevail.
European '.Democracy Is the muddy stream
that has flowed from Old World Institutions;
it ha? no adaptability to American conditions
or institutions. I am not here to do otherwise
than slory in American Democracy, and 1
have no apology to make -.'-for. It. Jefferson,
Jackson and Cleveland need no sponsors for
their places in history..
There j is not to-day in the United States ! a
single representative of | European Democracy
who does not look to Mr. Bryan as his leader.
I am opposed to Mr. Bryan for these reasons:
First— If he be, a Democrat," . I am not.
¦ Second— Judging from his speeches and writ
ten statements he is essentially a Populist, and
that means a European socialist.
Henry E. Hightoirs Arraign
ment of . the Demo
cratic Candidate.
BRYANISM AND
FALSE ISSUES
THAT DECEIVE
Oakland ORlce San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Oct. 16.
A work train ran Into the rear of a
freight train in the midst of a fog this
morning near San Leandro. The train
men escaped by jumping, and the only one
who suffered any injury was Eddie Jones,
a newsboy, who was thrown a considera
ble distance and miraculously escaped
with his life. The wreck delayed the
morning travel from Haywards, Xilea and
LJvermore.
The accident, occurred a few moments
after 6 o'clock. There was a thick, low
fog hanging over the lowlands about San
Leandro. The regular morning freight
for Han Jose had left San Leandro sta
tion, proceeding toward Its destination.
Shortly afterward a special work train
bound for Niles and going in the same
direction as the freight train got its or
ders at San Leandro and started down
the track in the same direction. The spe
cial work train was composed of two en
gines and a caboose only, and being very
light started to make fa3t time toward Its
destination.
Suddenly the train men on the regular
freight saw the work train looming up
through the fog, and at the same moment
Engineer Cushing of the special train saw
the rear of the regular. The engineer ap
plied his brakes and reversed hts engine,
but it was too late. The fog had hidden
the train until it was too late to check
his special and the latter crashed into the
rear of the regular.
- The engine drove the caboose of the
regular train upon a coal car In front, and
the force was sufficient to wreck the coal
car as well.
Conductor J. Ward of the regular train
was in the caboose at the time, and with
his brakeman jumped, avoiding injury.
Eddie Jones, a newsboy who was going to
Haywards to meet an. incoming train, was
not so fortunate. He was asleep on a
seat, and when the collision came he was
thrown into the air and over some
timbers. Strange to say, his only injuries
were a few bruises.
The passengers on some of the morning
trains for Oakland had to be transferred
around the wreck.
The collision might have been avoided
WILLS OF TWO FORMER
SUPERVISORS ARE FILED
The will of the late Victor D. Duboce.
colonel of the First California Volunteers
and Supervisor, was filed for probate yes
terday. The will, which was executed
July 30 last, bequeaths decedent's estate,
consisting of personal property valued at
$1000, to his widow, Mary Catherine Du
boce. Mrs. Duboce is named as execu
trix of the will and is requested to plve
to Frank Duboce. decedent's son. by a
former marriage, some pieces of Jewelry
as a remembrance of his father.
The will of the late Supervisor! Edward
Holland, who died on the- steamer St.
Paul while on his return from Cape Nome
on September 11, was also filed for pro
bate yesterday. Deceased bequeaths an
estate valued at $10.OX> to his widow, Mary
L, Holland. The will was executed May
4. 1900. ¦ . •
bad It not been for the tog, but either the
train orders were faulty or were not
obeyed, and an investigation Is being made
by the officials at Oakland.
RAILROAD ACCIDENT IS
CAUSED BY A HEAVY FOG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1900.
12
ADVESTISEMENTS.
We have just opened ' and
placed on sale our Fall Importa-
tion of the CELEBRATED REY-
NIER GLOVES, In both Suede and
Glace, all the latest shades.
5PECIAL.
125 dozen FRENCH KID GL0VES?2 op 3 clasp, ln
either Suede or Glace, all the latest shades, with Paris
Point Emtjrolderu.
Price $I.OO pair
95 Cartons (850 pieces) NEW DOUBLE FACED
SATIN LIBERTY RIBBON, fine finish, the latest Fall
shades, goods full 35 Inches wide.
Price 30c yard
375 pieces latest weave SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON,
soft finish, 4 Inches ln width; these ribbons are ln
Creams, White, Pinks, Blues, Lavenders and 30 other
new shades. . Price 30c yard
.3 cases LADIES' NATURAL GRAY SANITARY
WOOL VESTS and DRAWERS ln all sizes,
Price $1.25 each
• 200 dozen Extra Quality UNLAUNDERED SHIRTS,
both long and short bosoms.
Price 5Oc each
III, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Big Sale.
Silver-Plated Ware
Ten 9poon<) set 40 eta
Tablespoons set 8octs
Table Forks net 80 ci<*
Dessertspoons — set 70 eta
Fancy Design
TenSpooiH net 6oct9
Tablespoons Ret Si. so
Dessert Spoons. ...set li.io
Table Forks set Si.20
?*ut Set— 7 pieces.. set 40 cm
nutter Knives set 28 ctn
Snear Spoons 'set 'iSctt
Bread Trays Si. jo
Frnlt Unaket Si. JO
Combination Sn^ar Rowl —
; »i.so
Pickle Jars P1..10
Cake flasket Si. 88
ChocoSate Pot si. an
Tea Set— 5 pieces.. set Smo
We are Cutting Prices
all to Pieces nurinjj Our
Big Clearance Sale.
Great Americsfi IsDorting Tea Cx
no Grant are., bet. Butter and Port »t*.
ttl Market »t.. opp. Powell.
81 Market «t.. Junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
NE B E H^,*" • JMHuDnMrL * • "^|32S^fiQf3H
PAINLESS
fl&gJS£Mi>%*^ Our $5.00 ?latas
W00&0 DB- «• L> WALSH
>«Z»JL3-*"*^'i 815% GEAP.T CTRKET
Between Hyde and Larkin.
Teler-none Polk 1133.
~DR.MCNULTY.
ri'niHWEtX-KXOWN ASDBELIABLE OLD
.1 SpwialUtr.ir«jBlofxl Poison, Gonorrhcea.Glee;,
Stricture. Sepitiial Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
nl!i«1 Diiwraers. Hook on Diseases of Men, frp*
OvitOO VMrVpxper'eiice.TcrnM reasonable. Honr%
9to3<1ally:3:SntO!*.30«.v'K^SundJ»ri.lOeo 12. C»n.«nN
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or addreaa
P. ROMCOR aicXULTY. 31. D.
jjCJi Kearny »t^ San Francisco, CaL