m -^ m __ __ ?
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
VOLUME LXXXVm-NO. 144.
San francisco,/ Monday; ogtober 22, 1900.
Continued on Second Pag*. t
. ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 21.— The Offi
cial "Messenger 'formally announces and
explains the return to Peking of.the.Rus
sian,; Minister to China In the following
paragraph:
'"','Aniedlct'of the Chinese Emperor hav
ing, appointed ; Prince ; Chlng ; arid , LI Hung
Chang to-be plenipotentiaries, the Czar
has. ordered M. • de Glers to return to Pe-*
king .and., to enter 'upon' peace * negotia
tions 'together with'_ the representatives of
the other ; powers."/.
With • Other Representatives.
Will Enter Upon Peace Negotiations
GIEBS * ORDERED TO PEXIU Q.
IvEXINGTOX, Ky.. Oct. 21.— Ivexington
phyeScians are puzzled over the case of
James B. Ferguson, the famous breeder
and etarter of thoroughbreds. He lies In
bed from the effects of .the passage of
X-rays through his body.
In order to locate a bullet, as prelimi
nary 4o an operation for lt» • removal,
Ferguson had the professor of phyfics at
the State University make an X-ray pic
ture of his body. This was done, and he
was seized with violent vomiting fits,
which took away his already falling
strength. He has been In very bad health"
for some months and came to Kentucky
to recuperate. He is now quartered at
his elegant home near Lexington and will
aubmlt to an operation for the 1 removal
of the bullet In case he can regain suffi
cient strensrth.
Starter James B. Ferguson in a Yery
Critical Condition From an
Unusual Cause. „
BETTOERED VERY ILL BY
THE EFFECTS OF X-RAY
.-jlfiMcKlnley^ and Roosevelt are elected
¦/then 'the choice .will ; fall upon* Mrs.' Roose-.
.veU.-.If'Hhej Democrats twin- the honor
wW be • conferred r upon \ Mrs.'/Bryan. The
ters;- '-'•:¦%
yr^ ALL HEADQUARTERS. WELL
\tyINGTON HOTEL'. WASHINGTON,
'.^T * Oct " 21^-7-WhIehe'ver ' way : the . Presl
.t ; dential- election goes may decide
iwho is> tojbe' the/ next .president 1 general
or the; Daughters 'of the American Revo
lution. It' has been decided by many , of
,the" leading*. members to ask .either Mrs.
of ¦ Mrs: { Bry^\to\nir this, hon
orable -; position?;/ Neither -"of ¦ these ladles
Is ¦ at, '. present v Ya ,"; member,^ of ;, the .as-;
"sociation, .but both: are elisible s and one'
of, the board of managers to-day made the
statement: that \ within j the last ? week pa
pers i have'j been made* out ' for ; the admls- :
sion 'of •both \ to '•„ the franks of the Daii jrh- :
{Special ; Dispatch ¦ to^The". Call.'
MRS. BRYAN
VERSUS MRS.
ROOSEVELT
After the patients had been given their
supper they were taken back to their
apartments with their keepers.' Among
tne number were fifteen or twenty; who
elept in one of the large corridors, where
there were- eix . or ' eight keepers. There
were no suspicious movements on the part
of the patients until suddenly each keeper
was attacked simultaneously, by : two f: or
three patients, and heavy blows I' Ml . on
th-5 heads of the, surprised attendants.'
The keys held by the keepers wer» taken
inal Insane this evening, when six
or eight keepers were assaulted and over
powered by about twenty insane pa
tients. Some of the patients escaped,
and'seven are still at large. One or two
of the keepers are badly bruised. . f
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. T., Oct. ».-
There was a revolt at the Mat
tewan State Hospital for the Crim-
Eo'clal Dispatch to Tbe Call.
REVOLT AT
AN ASYLUM
FOR INSANE
METHtTEN; REOCCTJPIES JZEBTTST.
Captures; Wa gems, Stores . and x Many
\ \ [and; Sl\p»p.v' ¦/. '_.. 7 :
;',CAPEi,TOWN, r , Oct.:, 21:— Lord iMethuen
has j reoccupied ZerustH and '» captured* nu
meroua a' large 'quantity'-* of stores
and ' many /.cattle.'and ! sheep." * • : : : - » ,
struckabout half a mile vest of Lodl and
twenty-five ; miles west' of .here to-day,:
sweeping everythlng'for'200 feet wlde.be- !
forest. One house -lri" the center "of its
path, occupied by 'colored • people, was de
stroyed," six persons being killed outright.
Three others are missing. *.-."¦
\:The tornado crossed jthe-. Texas Lnd: Pa
cific '- Railroad • at- Campbellsville -' (pur, a
lumber ° loading -station, two "miles = north'
of ; Lodl, • and carried away; considerable
lumber, j It '- is feared •. further^ loss • 6f7 life
has resulted "in"; the 'country.'- A, hard rain
"feUitiere; all: morning. rl - The result' Will Ibe
conslde'rable ¦'; damage JtcTjhe_ cbtton'crop^
LIVES CRUSHED OUT IN
PATH OF A TORNADO
Windstorm Sweeps a Section of Texas
and Six Persons Are Known, to .
. ~ Have Perished.
ATLANTA, Texas, Oct. 21.— A tornado
election will not take place until next
but already the warmth ex
hibited In the 'contest Is surprising. Mrs.
Daniel Manning's second term will expire
at that time. Mrs. Manning has been crit
icised by some of the Daughters as being
too much of'an aristocrat. One member
of the board is a clerk In the Pension Of
fice :_ another, although of aristocratic
lineage, runs a boarding-house. Mrs.
Manning neglected her social duties Inso
much that she did not extend her cour
tesy to the point of calling upon theee la
dies. .This criticism of Mrs. Manning prob
ably will stand In the way oj, her election
for a third time.
..The. revolt,:- It ,1s thought,', was "caused
directly bjr, the cramped quarters -at v . the
hoeplUU. ,
In the meantime," the'! keepers had "re
covered : sufficiently to give an /alarm.
Chase was : given across the hospital
farm, and all but • seven of the ''patients'
were captured. The recaptured "patients
were taken back to, the institution " : and
securely locked , up in : other" parts of .the
building. The searching par ties t- started
ou: to'scour.the woods in "the vicinity.' of
the" hospital. ' The - keepers : who were - as
saulted were given medical attention, and
were able to join In ; the search "for 'the
fugitives. . "'¦;¦¦.: .. .* : ...
.Through the yard. they, ran like deer,
and crowded around the big gate In the
wall, while one of .- their number .was
turning the key. In the lock.' When the
gate was thrown open' they rushed : out of
the yard, fairly tumbling over one f- an
other in their anxiety to, gain freedom. •
leading to the rear exit.
The patients first passed through the
dining-room, where each picked. from the
table a heavy cup or plate or bowl. From
the dining-room they went through -the
adjoining rooms, the doors of which were
unlocked, and then Into the long hall
from them quickly, and a rush for the
door was made.
came self supporting. He got a place as
an assistant with the engineers of the
Musklngum Improvement, where he re
mained about two years, when he -was. so
the story goes, discharged for zealous
partisanship of the Whig persuasion
This was at 16. and it is said that he ex
hibited the strong party spirit at that age
that characterized his entire public career.
He went from the Musklngum Improve
ment Into his brother Charles* law ofilce
at Mansfield, and began to read law.
There was no time for idleness — no time
to wait for something- to turn up.
In 1S55 Mr. Sherman entered Congress.
He had already established a reputation
for ability in his profession, and. it is said,
was making'money very fast when he left
his practice and followed thebent of Ms
nature— followed the example of, old Roger
Sherman, .whose temperament* must have
been akin to that of his distinguished de
scendant, the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. Sherman was but 31 years of age
when he was elected to the national
House of Representatives In 1S54. He took
GIVES LIFE
IN DEFENSE
OF A GIRL
CMcagoan Interferes
to Stop Blow and
Is Murdered. ,
Shot Dead While Protect
ing Young Woma'j From
Attack.
Rescued is Seeking to Shield
the Assassin. .
Police Believe the One Whom Hs
HIS SLAYER ESCAPES
The police are working on the theory
that the girl knows more about the shoot
ing and the causes that led up to it than
she is willing to admit. Miss Gilbert's
statement that the man who fired the
fatal fchot was a stranger to her is dis
credited. It Is thought that she will final
ly disclose his name „ and give evidence
that will lead to his arrest.
Griffin did not pause, but sprang toward
the man and attempted to grapple -with
bint. 'The next moment the report of the
revolver was heard and Griflln dropped
bleeding to the pavement. The murderer
did not -wait to see the result of his shot,
but fled south on State street, making
good his escape.
"Keep back or you are a dead man," he
cried, as he drew a revolver from his
pocket.
The stranger turned toward Griffin with
an oath.
"Leave that •woman alone." he shouted
as he ran toward the place where the man
and woman were standing. "What do you
mean by striking a defenseless girl, you
scoundrel."
Griffin was returning from a dance at
Central Hall, on Twenty-second street and
Wabash avenue. Miss Gilbert had. been
Fitting up with a sick friend and was on
her way home with Miss Ada Brown and
Miss Bertha Clark. When Griffin reached
the corner of State and Twenty-second
streets, according to the story told by
witnessed, he observed a man striking
Miss Gilbert on the face. The woman
ffave a terrified scream for help, and Grif
fin rushed to her side.
CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— Thomas J. Griffin,
a shipping clerk employed by N. K. Fair
bank & Co.. was shot and instantly killed
at 4 o'clock this morning while trying to
protect Miss Fay Gilbert from the attack
cf a strange man in front of 2220 State
street. When the stranger saw Griflln
was about to Interfere with his designs on
Miss Gilbert, he drew his revolver. Un
mindful of the threatening muzzle of the
¦weapon, the shipping clerk grappled with
his assailant. In a moment he fell to the
sidewalk with a bullet through his heart.
The murderer escaped.
Ej>ect«.l Dispatch to The C*ll.
But ancestry and opportunity are not
enough. They must be coupled with en
ergy and application — that sort of appli
cation that knows no tiring." Men move
forward by the power that is within them
—not by that behind them or about them.
John Sherman began to * recognize this
fact at the age of fourteen, when he be-
HIS EABXY STRUGGLES.
With such a paternal ancestry and such
a mother as John Sherman must have
had— with these two supreme essentials
supplemented by tne spur of poverty and
breathing the atmosphere of enterprise
and expansion that frontier lads wero
wont to breathe, it is not surprising that
the late senior Senator from Ohio rose to
ti*e height to which he attained. In
deed, the surprise is rather that more
boys of equal ancestry— vastly more in this
country of limitless possibilities, do not
rank with the brightest and ablest of our
land.
But a few years ago there were three
conspicuous men In the United States
Senate, all three cousins of some degree,
and all related-either in the line of direct
descent or collaterally through the blood
of Roger Sherman. One of these Is still
in the upper house of Congress— George
Frisbie Hoar. William M. Kvartshas re
tired from public life, taking with him
rich laurels of fame well earned as a
jurist, as a statesman and as a man. and
John Sherman is dead.
Before Roger Sherman, too, there was
good blood. This almost goes without
saying, as he never would have been what
he was. There Is an occasional outcrop
ping of genius, however, when there is
no family precedent to account for it. But
even In these cases a careful, tracing of
the blood would be pretty cure to reveal
quality In ancestry that would account
for the seemingly unaccountable.
But before Judge Sherman the father
of these two distinguished sons, away
back a century and a half ago. was a
young man in Connecticut, whose voca
tion was that of the cobbler. The boots
that he. made were better, so runs the
story, than those that came from'. other,
hands, though the men In those days were
less clever at trickery than some Con
necticut Yankees In later years. But this
young man had a soul for something be
yond making strong boots forthe rugged
settlers thereabouts, and so a« he pegged
away at the leather he stored his. mind
with a knowledge of the lav.-. It .was In
17C0 that this same cobbler, now 40 years
of age and known as Roger Sherman, be
came prominent as a Revolutionary lead
er. His fame spread throughout the thir
teen colonies, and when the Continental
Congress was created Roger Sherman be
came one, of its leading members, serv
ing continuously from 1774 to 17S8. He
was a remarkable man, possessed of
strong commonsense, intense feeling and
an Intuitive knowledge of the true prin
ciples of government.
But Mrs. Sherman was one of those
brave, determined women who have made
our country great among the nations. So
well did she perform fhe work left to her
hands to do that one of sons. William
Tecumseh Sh«°rmnn. became with one ex
ception the first military hero of the land,
and the other. John Sherman, became one
of the preatest^men of his political faith
in the l*nited States Senate, if not the
greatest of any party in that body.
John Sherman was born at Lancaster,
Ohio, May 10, 1S32. Nevertheless he was a
typical New t'nglander. and his t:Ul. an
gular figure, his plain, simpl-? tast;s. his
cool, reasoning temperament were all New
England traits; and well might they have
been.'foj- it was from this soil his ances
try was nurtured. Ills father and mother
emigrated to Ohio from Connecticut and
settled on the famous Western" Reserve,
a district populated for the most part by
New Englandcrs. The pioneer Sherman
•was a lawyer uf distinguished ability. His
advancement in his profession. In what
was then little more than the frontier,
was rapid, but at 40 years of age his life
went out. he beliiK at the time one of the
Judges of the S-jpreme Court of Ohio. The
widow was l*ft with eleven children to
provide for and educate. The youngest
was fr'zi. a itr.r_ months olf«. -the eldest
bar.riy IS. Judge Sherman had ..accumu
lated no surplus. He died poor. It was
an appalling outlook for a young ambi
tious woman— such a problem as would
turn the head of a fin <1<» slecle mother.
NEW YORK. Oct. a.— Tbe Can-Herald
forecast of the Presidential election gave
politicians material for (Uscussloa f rom
the Atlantic to the Pacific. Republicans
were delighted with the prognostication.
Democrats were displeased. FsJr-mlnded
men In both parties frankly sa!d that the
poll had been fairly made and accurately
represented the situation at thl= time. Tbe
public placed absolute confidence in Its re
liability.
General Francis V. Greene, president of i
the ¦ Republican County Committee, said: "
"I think The Call-Herald's predictions j
are about correct as to the general result
and also ad to the Governorship of this "
State. The candidate for Governor In
New York generally runs behind his party -,
candidate for President Besides. In tola
Instance. Mr. Odell has been devoting hi*
energies unselfishly to the re-election of
made."
At the headquarters of the Democratla
Congressional Committee the poll was
carefully read. The effect was exactly
the opposite from that at Republican
headquarters. It gave the Democrats lit
tle comfort. They have been counting
with confidence on carrying the House of
Representatives, even If they should lose
the Presidency, and the disclosure of
weak places In their lines was far from
gratifying. ,.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEIXDfQ.
TOX HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Oct. tL—
Politicians of all parties looked forward to
the election predictions of The Call and
the New York Herald this morning with,
great Interest. Republicans found much
to cheer them In the review of the politi
cal situation throughout the country. The
Democrats, on the other band, found llttla
consolation In It. Conservative Demo
crats, while still keeping up a show of
claiming the election of Mr. Bryan and a
majority in the House of Representa
tives, admitted that the poll showed evi
dence of careful work and .was undoubt
edly a fair presentation of the conditions
prevailing a fortnight before the election.
At the Eastern headquarters of tha Re
publican Congressional . Committee The
Call-Herald poll was In great demand to
day, and returns from several States -were
carefully gone over and analyzed. The
poll as a whole agrees .well with the In
formation of the committee as to the con
ditions throughout tbe country, though
there is a disposition on the part of tha
Republican managers to claim rather
more Congressional districts than have
been put down in the Vsure" column by
The Call. Most of those classed as doubt
ful would be put Into the Republican' col
umn.
Representative Loudenslager, who !» In
charge- of the Eastern headquarters^ did
not care to discuss particular districts for
publication, but he said:
"We have felt confident from tbe be
ginning of the campaign that Mr. McKln
ley would be re-elected by a ' handsome
majority In the Electoral College. "We,
have also felt sure that we would have a
majority In the House of Representatives.
It is naturally gratifying to us. neverthe
less, to have our Judgment of the situa
tion confirmed by the non-partisan poll
which The Call and , the Herald have
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
on November 6.
>
VIEWS OF MANAGERS
¦j ./•¦ ?
At Washington Headquarters Oia Fig
ures on Congressmen Are Re
garded as ' Too Conservative.
Result of the Poll
of States Pleases
Republicans.
»
Leaves No Doubt ol the
Success of McKlnley
OPINIONS
ON CALL'S
FORECAST
his seat In December of . the .following
year. He remained in the. lower house
eight years, and then was elevated to the
Senate, where he served for seventeen
consecutive years, resigning from that
body to become Secretary of the Treasury
under Hayes.' f '
It was as the head of the Treasury De
partment that Mr. Sherman did perhap3
the best work of his life. He was a born
financier. In 1874, several years before
Mr. Hayes was even thought of In con
nectlon with the Presidency. Mr, Sher
man Introduced - a- bill providing *f or the
resumption of specie payments on Jan
uary . I, 1870. He had little thought, no
doubt, of .being the man to bring that pur
pose to a , practical realization. " But in
1877, he was made Secretary of. the-Treas
ury, and -the work of preparing for the
resumption fell to, his hands. He .did this
so well that when the appointed day came
.there was not a ripple of disturbance' In
financial circles, though theorists and pes-,
slmists generally held that serious trouble!
would ensue. But with John Sherman at
the • head of the ' Government's finances
ter, and the result was that Hampton was
laughed at all over the country.
Sherman came much nearer a duel dur
ing his term in the House. He expected
to fcc shot at that time and prepared him
self for defense. lit was making a speech
cne day, when a member nar%ed Wright
of Tennfjsfe said that one of his state
ments was a lie. Sherman did not hear
the remark, but It was reported to him
that evening and the next day It appeared^
in the Globe newspaper. Sherman rose
to a question cf privilege. He said he had
not heard the remark and he supposed
that the gentleman who made it was In
s-uch a condition (drunk) that he didn't
know what he was saying. As he said i
this Wright looked at him insolently and
Sherman picked up a box of wafers and
threw It in Wrlght'3 face. Wrlsrht then
tried- to -draw a pistol. ' but the other
members of Congress gathered around
lnm and prevented him from so doing.
The affair created such a sensation that
the House adjourned. Cvt-ry one.expect
td a duel, and Sherman was called uoon
by on^ of the Southern members and ask
ed what he expected to do. Sherman re
plied that he was not a duelist, but that
he would repel any physical attack upon
him with interest.' He k< a pood shot, and
he says that he never felt cooler In his
life than he did the next mornlnc wften
Yt'i walked up to the capltol with a pistol
in his pocket. He had made up his mind
that if Wright approached him in such
a manner as to justify it he would shoot
him dead. He took a friend with him and
went out to the capltol. He did not see
Wright until his* return trip. As he walk
ed down the steps to go home Wright
came out and walked down the opposite
side. The two -parsed around the foun
tain, which then' stood in front 'of the
capitol. Kaoh man oad a coileajjue -with
him. and Sherman , % expectcd Wright to
shoot; He had. his hand on his pistol and
he looked Wright -in .the eye. ready to
j raise the pistol and shoot him if be made
, any.-. demonstration of attack. Wright.
, hov. ever. saw., th&t Sherman meant busi
ness -and he walked on past withbut k ddlng
anything. 1 } "' ' ¦ " ' ' . ; ' i, ' i, '•
Mr.' Sherman was* always a"n" active man
in public office. 'but his genius aid not find
its most favorable" Held for ex^-esslon un
til the financial legislation of the war time
came up and thence forward his name Is
linked with the monetary course of the
nation. He championed the national bank-
Ing system when it was deemed an inno
vation; he shaped the refunding act and
that providing for the resumption of spe
cie payments which he. as Secretary of
the Treasury under President Hayes, pur
in operation. When Gar field succeeded
Hayes Mr. Sherman returned to the Sen
ate.
It was his great familiarity with our
finances and his distinction as a creative
financier that caused so many expressions
of surprise that Mr. McKinley should se
lect Senator Sherman as head of the De
partment of State. His ability for the lat
ter post was not questioned, out he had
proved himself, as the head of the Treas
ury Department and as the author of
financial measures of far-reaching im-.
portsnee. whereas he had nevervdernon
strated that his intimacy with ourVorelgn
relations was equally exact. -That he had
long been on the Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations Is too well Known to
need more than a passing sta.ement. but.
to the public this has seemed but a side
issue of his ability.
"SHIRT SLEEVES'' DIPLOMACY.
From the Cabinet.
Causes That Led to His Resignation
Senator Sherman's, relations with Presi
dent McKlnley as Secretary of State were
not altogether pleasant. He was never
a diplomat, 'but rather a man of strong
sentiments, direct and straightforward,
so much so that from the terseness of
some of his communications In dealing
with foreign affairs he was dubbed a
"shirt sleeves" diplomat. He never hesi
tated to say exactly what he thought and
this characteristic somewhat shocked the
Ministers and representatives of some of
the European powers. Indeed, to such an
extent was the subject discussed that
shortly before his resignation was
brought about it was published that the
mind of the great statesman was failing
and he was practically forced to resign
from the cabinet.
Slrtee that time Senator Sherman prac
tically retired from public life. •
Although for nearly half a century John
Sherman had been one of the leading
men of the country, his chlefest ambition
was never gra titled. More than once had
he sought Presidential honors, but as
often had his ambition been balked when
success seemed almost In his grasp. No
doubt this was due to a certain prickly
angularity In his character, his angles
usually impinging on -the sensibilities of
several of his competitors at once.
the people had . no ; fears. He had their
confidence. ; . .- 4^*-i
• VARIOUS DUEL EPISODES.
Once Nearly Met on the Field of
Honor With Hampton.
An Interesting episode In his* life oc
curred In ISSfl. when there was great talk
of a duel between him and Wade'Hamp
ton. Sherman had - charged Hampton
with being connected with the Kuklux
and .had "given evidence to show that he
was correct.' . Wade Hampton did not try
to. controvert, the "-evidence, but he satis
fied himself by sending the following let
ter, which he thought, would bring Sher
man to 'a duel:
¦ CHAKLOTTKSVILLE, -Va., Oct. 1.— Hon.
John Sherman — Sir:; .As you do not disclaim the
language to which I have called your, attention.
Thav« only to say that In using it you uttered
what you knew to be absbjutely false. My ad
dress will be Columbia,' S.\CV^I am your obe
dient servant. WAr/E HAMPTON.
¦: In reply to this Sherman • reiterated his
statements and .published Hampton's let-'
Famous American Statesman and Patriot Passes Awau
at His 'WasMiigton Home.
DEATH OF JOHN SHERMAN
The San Francisco Call.
.A I lift ¦ON*E OF PHILADELPHIA'S RESIDENTS WHO SETTLED IN THE QUA
KER TOWN WHEN THE REPUBLIC WAS YOUNG, AND WHO IS 101
YEARS OF AGE.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 21.— One hundred and one years is the remarkable
age attained by Mrs. Mary Little of this city. The little old lady, who
bears the burden of ye^rg lightly and Is still spry, will celebrate her
birthday on October 31. Mrs. Little was born in County Antrim, Ireland.
In 1S20, with her husband, Llndsey Little, she came to America, landing
at Spruce-street wharf on July 4. Her husband opened a Fmail weaving plant in
his home and conducted a fairly thriving business. When the Mexican War
broke out Mr. LJttle enlisted and served under General Scott. While capturing
some army mules he received a kick in his side which later caused his death.
Mrs. Little is also proud of the fact that one of her sons was on the Monitor
during: the encounter with the Merrimac
This interesting: centenarian has never been troubled with serious Illnes3.
Her health at present Is almost perfect, except for cataracts of her eyes. Her
unusual vitality forbids her remaining idle. She rises at 7 o'clock each morn-
Ing, .helps in attending to household duties during the day and retires early at
night. She has two children, three grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.
Continued From First Page.
OPINIONS OF MANAGERS
ON THE CALL'S FORECAST
DENVER, Oct. 21.— Vanished is the wealth of the Tabors. Of all the sil
ver and gold that the Colorado miner in his lucky day's dug from out
the bowels of the earth and that made him both rich and famous, there
is nothing left, and his beautiful widow is now practically penniless.
The last bit of property of the once immense estate was sold a few
days ago under the hammer to satisfy a judgment of 513,000. The Matchless
mine, Leadville's wonderful ore-nroducer. frees the way Mrs. Tabor's Jewen
went — the way ever-'-thinK has gone — the waj- of all her late husband's millions.
She has made a hard flprht against overwhelming odds. Luck has been against
her, as it was against her husband once the tide began to 'turn. Bit by bit he
saw his vast holdings vanish, and when he died It was but a slender estate fie
left 'his widow. She could not make neadway against adversity. Her last cent
has been paid out to satisfy the demands of mortgagees, and now Mrs. Tabor,
one of the most beautiful women in the West, who has enjoyed all the pleasure?
that great wealth .can provide. Is living in a little four-room brick house In
this city, and poverty Is her unwelcome guest.
WIDOW OF THE FORMER COLORADO MILLIONAIRE. WHOSE VAST
-ESTATE HAS VANISHED. MRS. TABOR IS ONE OF THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL AND UNFORTUNATE WOMEN IN TIIE WEST.
ASHVILLE, N\ C. Oct. 21.-A. H. Smith
of Palestine. Tex., a student at the Blng
ham School, died to-day from Injuries sus
tained In a practice game cf football yes
terday. His spinal column was brokea
between his shoulders.
Killed at Football.
MANILA, Oct. a..— Senor BnencanMsj
has received what purports to be a letter
from ARuinaldo ordering the former lead
ers of the revolution who are now in Ma
nila to desist trom the formation of po
litical parties, and to cease all their at
tempts at pacification. The letter myste
riously hints that plana are maturing
amonp the armed rebels In the field and
describes these as "best for the country."
Senor Buencamino declares that the letter
Is genuine.
The military situation was comparative
ly quiet last week. The commission, tha
military authorities, thu Filipinos and tha
foreigners are awaiting the result of tha
Presidential election in the United States
Many persons assert whatever this may
be If will have no Immediate effect on tha
(situation In the Philippines, and that dis
orders and guerrilla attacks will continue
for a time. ¦_-
All Attempts at Pacifi
cation.
— — « — . *
Formsr Leaders of the Revolutioa
Are Ordered to Desist Prom
Writes That New Plans
Are Maturing Among
LuzDn Insurgents.
AGUINALDO
PREPARING
FOR A COUP
Stops the! Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
nine Tablets cur* a cold In on* day. ¦ No cure,
no nay. Prlc* 25 cents. * - •
Those who are fond of traveling (and who it
?ot) will hall with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming' land
has until . now J been ,' accessible only by slow
Bailing- vessels, but on November lit the popu
lar, steamship Australia will ! tall "direct,* mtk
ln» ; the -trip in 10H , days. ; A reduced round
trip rate has be«n made for the first trip. * Call
at 643 Market street fijr eaJUne list. .__ •
Papeete the Beautif ul.
A Judce who cannot command the re
spect of the citizens Is a menace to the
commonwealth. M. C. Sloss has the char
acter, education and ability to Inspire con
fidence, and this should Insure his election
to the ofilce of Superior Jud^e, • ; ¦ •
LONDON. Oct 22.— Trafalgar day was
celebrated yesterday In th« usual fashion
throughout England. Nelson's column In
Trafalgar square, London, was decorated
with beautiful wreaths. There was a
municipal procession at Liverpool. Nel
son's flagship, the Victory, was hung •with:
•wreaths at Portsmouth. At Rottlngdean
R-udyard Kiplinc addressed a meoilnjr and
dwelt upon the necessity for maintaining
a strong navy.
Trafalgar I>ay Celebrated.
LONDON, Oct. 22.— The Yokohama cor
respondent of the Dailv News descrbes
the new Cabinet formed by Marquis Ito
October IS, as a "curious experiment,"
tind says: *
"Demagogues who have been fighting
the government for years have been ad
mitted. Borne cf them have had remark
ably checkered careers. One of them,
the eon of a plasterer, has beea In prison
for opposing the government, and was
expelled from the Diet and deported
Another Eorvcd ten ytears' Imprisonment
for conspiring to overthrow th« govern
ment."
MInietw of Comma cle&ttan«— Mr. 7V>ru HoshL
Minister of Justice — Baron Kstneko.
M&rsnli Tarawa!*'. Cabinet hivln* resided,
IIwquU Ito'» Cabinet vu formed oa th» lSth!
iU member* beln* as foltjwt:
Min!et«r J*reei<J»«t — llarquts Ito.
Minister for I\xre!gTi AXTalr*— Mr. Takaaltl
Kato. — <uu
Minister cf th« Interior— Baron Buyematstt.
Mlnirter of Wax— llarshal Vi«count Katsnra.
Minister cf th» Navy— V\c* Admlrai Ya
rasjnoto.
Minister of Finance — VUoonnt Wa.tanabe
MlniFter of AcrtCTiiture end Commerce— 'itr
Yuzo Hayashi.
Minister of Education— Mr. Maaahisa Mat
euda.
WASHINGTON. Oct, 2L-The Japanese
legation received to-day the following
telegram from the Foreign Office at
Calls to His Assistance Demagogues
Who for Years Hive Seen.
Fighting tne Government.
TVTAUQTJTB TTO F0B1IS A
BEMABSABLE CABINET
President McKlnley to th© neglect of his
own canvass for the Governorship."
Richard Croker, Democratic State lead
er in New -York, said:
"It Is not the leaders who can tell how
this election is going.' The Call-Herald
have talked with the leaders, but It is the
common people who don't dare to come
out under the present Republican condi
tions who' are going to sweep Bryan into
the White House.
"Bryan will carry New York City by a
big figure: He will carry New York State
and he will be elected President by the
votes of the people— people who are silent
simply because they want to make the re
buke to Republicans more severe."
CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— Senator Marcus A.
Hanna, chairman of the Republican Na
tional Committee, to-night said:
"I have read every line of The Call-
Herald's telegraphed poll and have been
tremendously interested tn it. It is an
other evidence of the enterprise of the
two paper's and is evidently a careful and
conservative piece of work."
FORECAST OF STEVENSON.
Says Ohio Will Very Likely Cast It3
Vote for Bryan.
CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— Adlal E. Stevenson,
who returned yesterday from his Eastern
tour. In an Interview to-day spoke enthu
siastically of the Democratic activity .In
the States through , which he had passed.
Mr. Stevenson made the flatfooted dec
laration that the Democrats would carry
Indiana and added:
"Ohio should be put down as very likely
to give its electoral votes for bryan. To
my mind the two great doubtful States
which lean more strongly to the Demo
cratic than to the Republican side In this
fiRht are New York and Ohio."
Mr. Stevenson then made the following
estimate of the situation as it stands
to-day: • .
FOR McKINLET-
California.. DlOreson 4
Connecticut 6 'Pennsylvania 32
Iowa 13 Rhode Island ........ 4
Maine ...............; 6 Vermont 4
Massachusetts 15 Wisconsin 13
Michigan 14 Wyoming 3
Minnesota 9
New Hampshire..... 4 Total 1SS
Alabama It, Montana 3
Arkansas 8 Nebraska .....8
Colorado 4 Nevada » 3
Florida 4 North Carolina 11
Georgia 13 South Carolina 9
Idaho 3 Tennesse 12
Indiana 15|Texas 15
Kentucky 13Utah 3
Louisiana 8 Virginia 12
Maryland 8
Mississippi 9 Total 1S9
Illinois 24 1 Washington 4
Kansas 10 West Virginia 6
New Jersey lOlDelaware ............ 3
New York ....:. 36i ¦
Ohio.:... .23 Total 120
South Dakota .-..;... 4 , .
Mr. Stevenson left to-night for a three
days' tour of Michigan.
ANTI-IMPERIALISTIC ADDRESS.
port William J. Bryan.
Independent Voters TJrged to Sup-
CHICAGO. Oct. 21. — The American
Antl-Imperlallstlc . League Issued an 'ad
dress I to all : indepencent > voters
In the United States asking them to sup
port William 'J. Bryan for President. The
address says in part:
' We : have not. ' prior to . this ¦ year, supported
the candidacy of Mr. Bryan. ; We do not now
concur in certain of his. views on minor issues.
Yet his position on the suoreme Issue of the
present, campaign is so : sound, and his advo
cacy : of . It has been so able I and courageous,
that we . now - favor ' his ' election as the most
effective ¦ way . of ' showing . disapproval* of Mr.
McKinley's course.- ¦ *
ROOSEVELT RESTS QUIETLY.
Spends ; the Sabbath. , at,' Oyster Bay
in Seclusion.
V NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Governor Roose
velt spent • to-day at his home 'at * Oyster
Bay quietly resting. He received no one.
The Governor did ; not go , to • church, and
HEBRESHOFF READY TO
BTJTLD NEW DEFENDER
Blind Wizard Has Already Designed
the Craft and Awaits Order
for Its Construction.
NEW. YORK. Oct. 21.— The World has
this from Bristol: That a ninety-footer
will be built to defend the America's cup
and that Herreshoff will design, construct
and try her out. as he did so sucessfully
with the Vigilant, Defender and the Co
lumbia, is certain. Some of the men In
close touch with the Herreshoffs and who
will have much to do with the successful
execution of Designer Nat Herreshoff's
plans say an order is expected shortly
for the new defender and work will be
started upon the next cup champion
within a few hours of the signing of the
contract. There Is not the slightest doubt
of the ability of Herreshoff to turn out
such a yacht, fully equipped for business.
by the middle of next July. The design
ing, they believe, has been done— i. e., the
yacht has been planned out in the head
of Nat, the wizard, since the Columbia-
Shamrock races last year. All that re
mains Is to reduce to the scribbling board
the plans now matured in his wonderful
mind and order the materials which will
enter into the construction of the yacht.
It is believed the next cup d- tender will
be more of a cutter than the Columbia
and of slightly greater draught, givinjc
an even better play to the speed produc
ing "tumble homes" which stood tho
American yacht in such good stead dur
ing the races last year. When well heeled
to a strong topsail breeze the Columbia
with all her deep and heavy keel, was lit
tle better than a skimmlns dish, and
while steadily eating up into the wind'
was covering space like a torpedo-boat
catcher.
As Captain Nat Is the only man in .the
world who. seems to have mastered the
bulbed fin keel, it is needless to say tha*
the new yacht will be of that type. The
HerreshofTs know how to so balance this
keel that no difficulty is experienced in
steering. The steel spars, though they are
costly and even more liable to buckle than
the sturdy Oregon pine which has adorned
and assisted most cup defenders, proved
their worth in such marked degree last
year that they will undoubtedly be an
important feature of the nezt cup de
fender.
Ministry of Finance Makes a Public
Denial of Recent Rumors
RUSSIA NOT SEEKING TO
NEGOTIATE FOREIGN LOAN
in Circulation.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 21._The offi
cial Messenger makes the following an
nouncement: "In view of the reiterated
false 'reports appearing in foreign news
papers that Russia is Beekinr to con
clude a foreign loan, the Ministry of
Finance considers It necessary ajra!n to
declare that the Government" Is not seek.
ing to .conclude loans of any kind, nee
inpr that the current revenue and « tha
cash reserve fully suffice to meet the
ordinary expenditure as well as the ouc-
Iay entailed by events in the Far Eeast
"All the newspaper reports concerning
an alleged Russian loan emanate from
various speculators, who persistently but
unsuccessfully endeavor to force their
services upon the Ministry of Finance"
Join With the Creeks.
DENISON.,Tex M Oct. 21.-The Creek
full-blood Council has been Joined by
Choctaws. Chlckasaws. Cherokees and
Semlnoles. all armed with "Winchesters
They declare they will Btand by the treaty
of 1868 and will not take allotment of
lands. Colonel Sheenfele. aeent of the
five civilized tribes, la T confident that ha
cao handle the situation. Qliaeilt "^ na
Prior to the publication of this agree
ment the belief existed in diplomatic cir
cles that an understanding regarding
China existed between Russia and Ger
many. This Is now dispelled. It Is apprte
ciated here that the one power Germany
and Great Britain bad in view in making
the agreement was Russia. In diplomatic
circles It ls»not considered unlikely that
Russia will adhere to the agreement In
compliance with the Invitation to be ad
dressed to her. and. what is more, she
will in<all likelihood live up to it, probably
more strictly than she would otherwise
have done In order not to give either Ger
many or Great Britain a pretext for
breaking It The United States can, of
course, be depended upon not to make any
move contemplating the 'acquisition of
territory, and Japan has repeatedly as
serted that, she will not extend her sov-'
erelgnty over Chinese territory, unless the
other nations do so. Italy and Austria,
bowing to the will of Germany, will- not
delay the giving of their formal adherence
to the agreement.
Notwithstanding the doubt - which , en
velops the attitude of Germany and Great
Britain as a result of the negotiation of
the agreement, it Is believed here that the
United States still holds the balance of
The authorities do not conceal their be
lief that the Anglo-German agreement Is
one of the most significant of recent dip
lomatic developments, and they propose
to get at its meaning as promptly as pos
sible. Before the President will give as
sent'to any of the provisions of the in
strument he will ascertain the exact
meaning of article 3.
A distinguished gentleman weH ac
quainted with :ecent developments in the
Chinese question said to-nfght that the
"third article of the Anglo-German agree
ment Is like a Delphic oracle. It can be
construed In any way, according to the
view of the person making the interpreta
tion." It may mean that the two powers
are determined to take advantage of any
suspicious act on the part of another to
nelze Chinese territory, or it may mean
that the two powers will bring pressure
to bear upon the offending power to com
pel it to relinquish such territorial de
signs as indications may show It pos
sesses. The latter Is not the view gener
ally prevalent in official and diplomatic
circles.
The third article specifically declares
that "two contracting parties reserve to
themselves the right to come to a prelim
inary understanding regarding the event
ful etep to be taken for the protection of
their own interests in China," and from
this it is evident that the two nations will
support each other's pretentlons by force
of arms ehould circumstances require it.
Nevertheless the administration is high
ly gratified with the first two articles of
the convention, reiterating, as they do,
the declarations which have been the key
note of Secretary Hay's policy from the
outset of the present trouble, and there is
no doubt that the President will. In a note
to the powers, willingly express his ap
proval of these features of the treaty.
The third article, however, is one re
garded with suspicion, and this suspicion
Is the more Intense because of Germany's
peculiar policy and of the action of Great
Britain in landing troops at Shanghai. No
doubt Is expressed that the negotiations
between Great Britain and Germany
which resulted in the agreement Involved
a discussion of the territory each proposes
to acquire in the event of dismember
ment ?:-:.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 21.—
Pending the receipt of an official interpre
tation of the third article of the Anglo-
German agreement, the administration
authorities are disinclined to be quoted as
to the international effect of its pro
visions. It is, of course, impossible for
the President alone to formally announce
the adherence of the United States to the
convention. Before the instrument can be
binding upon this Government it must be
ratified by the United States Senate. The
present complexion of the Senate makes
It doubtful If a ratification could be ob
tained.
BERLIN; Oct 2L- With ; the exception
of a few notorious anti-British Journals,
th© entire . Gennaxi . press ¦ approves : the
Anglo-German agreement. Its effect upon
Russia excites keen curiosity, it being no
secret that ¦ the ¦ relations between Ger
many and Russia have lately become
cx>oIer.%gH9QHaHffiWBRBVBSSJ09SScQSBtM|BI
G«nnany's Press Approves.
- the French Ecclesiast.
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct. 21.— According to
a correspondent of the Shanghai Mercury,
Bishop MontosatI in South Hunan was
tortured four hours by the Chinese. Dif
ferent members of his body were removed
singly. Two priests were covered with
coal oil and placed on a pile of sticks and
were then set fire to. Bishop Fontosati
was disemboweled and others.were fright
fully tortured. Three thousand converts
led by. French priests In defending their
church were massacred.
PARIS, Oct. 21.— The Anglo-German
agreement to maintain the territory and
integrity of China and to keep her ports
open to the commerce of the world con
tinues to monopolize public attention in
France, the omission of the name of Rus
sia, according to the version of the agree
ment supplied by.the Havas agency, being
the chief subject of comment. The Tempa
says:
"We can see nothing in the immediate
sense of the agreement which does not
merit approbation, but the elimination of
Russia's name is calculated to hurt her
feelings by showing distrust, even sup
posing the intentions of the two powers
to be the purest. It Is to be regretted that
the wording of the agreement gives an
appearance of hostility to an ally. The
work of peace is not furthered by throw
ing a bomb.
"There are two important points In the
agreement. The first is that "the second
article destroys somewhat the value of
the protocol's disinterestedness by reserv
ing to the contracting parties the right to
make eventual arrangements according to
the behavior of a third party. The sec
ond point Is that if this specific accord In
dicates* a lasting understanding between
Germany and Great Britain it will be t
thanks to^the sad Transvaal war, the
realization of a favorite plan of Lord
Salisbury and Mr. Chamberlain and at
the same time the starting point of a
new era in international relations."
The Journal des Debate, after express
ing a doubt that the agreement is directed
against Russia, asks whether, on the con
trary, Germany and Great Britain, having
accepted the situation as it effects the es
tablishment of Russia north of the great
wall, have not excluded from that region
other powers who are prohibited from ex
tending themselves at the expense of
China. f. •
"If this be the case," It says, "it is the
Integrity of China proper which the two
contracting powers guarantee. Before
giving a definite opinion regarding the at
titude we must know the attitude of Rus
sia, for the importance of the agreement
depends entirely upon whether it is or is
not hostile to missia." ' ,
After ¦ the foregoing and similar com
ments had appeared- In the French press
it became known that all the papers had
been put upon a false scent by an error in
transmitting the text of the agreement—
the omission of the name of Russia among
the names of the powers to whom ¦ the
agreement Is to be communicated. All
the comments were written upon the the
ory Uiat the Havas agency text is correct.
m
TORTURE OF BISHOP FONTOSATI
Diabolical Cruelties Inflicted Upon
German Agreement.
French Papers Comment on Anglo-
MATTES A FOE OF RUSSIA.
power, and its attitude will have an Im
portant bearing upon the fate of
Private Secretary Young explained the
refusal to see any one on the ground that
every moment that could be stolen from
the campaign must now be taken advan
tage of in order to save the candidate's
strength. He was suffering from his
throat somewhat, but not to such a great
extent as was feared. The strain on the
vocal chords had strengthened them after
making them sore, and the Governor's
voice is now in far better condition than
after less work during the last State
campaign.
Governor Roosevelt leaves Oyster Bay
to-morrow morning for New York to com*
mence his last tour of the campaign.
Its Third Article Believed to Hide an Under
standing Regarding Partition of China.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON SUSPICIOUS OF
ANGLO-GERMAN AGREEMENT
His appointment as German Consul
General in Calcutta, one of the most de
sirable positions In the German service, is
not only regarded as a promotion ¦ but is
officially described as a "recognition of hla
excellent services in 'Washington."
BERLIN, Oct. 21.— The statement pub
lished in certain , German papers that
Baron Speck von Sternberg, former Ger
man: Charge d'Affalres: in
was recalled because "too friendly toward
America" Is characterized in official cir
cles here as "sheer nonsense."
Be a Promotion.
VON STERNBERG'S REMOVAL.
His Appointment to Calcutta Said to
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— The entire list
of steerage passengers of the French
Hner La Bretagne, 716 In number, were
held up on the registry floor of the barge
office to-day because it was claimed that
a majority of names were Improperly
manifested. No such hold-up of immi
grants of the landing bureau of this port
has occurred In years. If ever before. The
Immigrants would have been sent back to
the/steamship had not the agent of the
French line appeared in the afternoon and
supplied a bond of $5000 as a guarantee
that the fines for all immigrants improp
erly manifested would be paid.
ifested and Officials Arrest
the Travelers.
Many Names Were Improperly Man-
"Great Britain Is too weak and ex
hausted to undertake isolated action, and,
wishing to prevent other powers obtain
ing more than herself, she insists upon
the maintenance of the statu quo."
IMMIGRANTS DETAINED AT
NEW YORK BARGE OFFICE
BRUSSELS, Oct. 21.— The Independence
Beige, which considers the: Anglo-Ger
man agreement directed against Russia,
"whose influence in the East is now per
manent," says:
Obtaining More Than Herself.
Seeks Only to Prevent Other Powers
LONDON, Oct. 22.— "Official Chinese dis
patches," says the Shanghai correspon
dent of the Standard, wiring yesterday,
"adnlit that the imperial troops have sus
tained defeats in the province of Kwang
tung. All the Chihese generals In Kwang
tung and Kwangsl are begging for rein
forcements. The leaders of the Vegetar
ians, the secret society whose members
last July murdered the missionaries at
Chuchau, have been captured and taken to
Hangchau for punishment. It is .reported
that a Triad army is preparing to attack
Canton." >-. ¦
WEAKNESS OF GREAT BRITAIN.
the Shantung 1 Disaster.
Official Chinese Dispatches Repoit
ADMIT IMPERIAL DEFEAT.
MANILA, Oct. 21.— Mr. Wildman, United
States Consul at Hongkong, who is now
in Manila, says the expectation of a gen
eral anti-foreign outbreak in Southern
China, notably in Canton, is growing dally
and that cablegrams received by him last
week* record an increasing uneasiness in
Hongkong.
A troop of the Sixth United States
Cavalry and a contingent of marines from
the United States battleship Indiana have
arrived here from China.
Grows Daily.
Canton's Danger of Attack by Rebels
The Morning Post says: "Russia will
probably not be frightened by the third
clause of the agreement. Doubtless she
has already made her bargain with Ger
many, the latter being in the habit of
making agreements with both sides at
once."
GENERAL OUTBREAK FEARED.
LONDON, Oct. 22.— All the morning pa
pers dilate upon the high importance of
the Anglo-German agreement. The Daily
Telegraph, which describes it as "the
most remarkable success secured by
British diplomacy since the Berlin
treaty." says: 1 "Tne significant circum
stances of its publication clearly suggests
that it was initiated by Lord Salisbury at
the moment when an ill-considered" call
was made for his retirement from the
.Foreign | Office."
The Dally Gxaphic remarks: "The agree
ment is the direct outcome of Germany's
isolation in China. She had found herself
committed to a punitive policy without tha
support of the other powers. It is another
Journey to Canossa for the German jin
goes."
The Daily Mall observes: "The agree
ment almost amounts to an, offensive and
defensive alliance. ¦ It will put an end to
the last hope of European intervention in
South Africa."
Double Dealing:
One Editor Suspects the Kaiser" of
COMMENT OF LONDON PRESS.
Depot Burned.
GRAND FORKS. N. D., Oct. 21.-Burg
lars last night blew open the safe in the
Great Northern depot at Cavalier, N. D.,
and the explosion set fire to the building,
which was totally destroyed. It is not
known the amount of money secured. The
Sheriff is pursuing two suspects..
Opera-House and Dry Goods Estab
lishment Destroyed.
PADUCAH, Ky.; Oct. 21.— A fire broke
out in Morton's Opera-house this morn
ing at 1:20 o'clock and gained such head
way before it was discovered that the
building was doomed before the fire com
pany could reach the scene. The largest
dry goods store In the city, owned by L.
B. Ogllvie & Co., occupying the ground
floors of the building, was destroyed, as
well as many offices and smaller stores.
The aggregate loss Is estimated at $200,000.
Firemen Buried.. .Under; the Falling
Walls of a Building Wrecked*
by an Explosion of
Gasoline. • ,
- . j. « . .,
ST. PAUL, Minn:, Oct. 21.— As a result
of. the fire that broke out In the slaught
ering'pen of Hinman & Co.'s packing
house shortly after midnight last night
four firemen are dead and a number of j
others Injured and propertv worth about
$3so,000 destroyed. The dead:
WILLIAM H.- IRVINE, second assist
ant'fire chief.' •
LIEUTENANT. FRANK M. EDR.Y.
BURT IRISH.
L.OUIS WAGNER.
' Thg Injured: Andrew'Johhson, William
Field, internal injuries, and Thomas C.
l.arkin, both legs^erushed.
The lire,. which re supposed to have been
of incendiary origin, spread with great ra-
Iildity, fanned by a strong wind. From
the packing-house the flames were com
municated to the warehouse of the North
western Line Company and then to the
McCormick Harvester Company's large
brick warehouse, filled with valuable
farming machinery.
¦The llremen had entered the McCormick
warehouse to be in a better position to
tight the flames. A tank containing 200
gallons of gasoline in the rear part of the
building exploded, shattering the walls
and burying the men in the debris.
BIG BLAZ"3 AT PADUCAH.
Victims of Hinman Packing
House Blaze Four in
¦ ¦¦¦ ¦' -' JN umber.' ~
ST. PAUL FIRE
THE WORK OF
AN INCENDIARY
6HAMOKIK, Pa.. Oct. 2L— Committees
cf United Mine- workers canvassed the
Philadelphia and Reading Coal and Iron
Company strikers at this place, Mount
Cannel and Locust Gap to-day to learn
•whether any of tha men Intended going
to work to-morrow. The strike leaders
this evening eaid no one would respond to
the blowing of th© whistles excepting en
gineers and fire bosses.
A prominent local official of tha Union
Coal Company says the company positive
ly refuses to accede to any of the demands
maa« by the Scranton convention. The
company claims that Its busy season has
beea ruined by the strike and It does not
car© v.-hen th« strike is settled, feeling
porttlve that it can hold out much lonre!
than the striking miners. Tn© company
controls four large collieries la the Shamol
Kin region.
Decision of Shamokin, Mount Carmel
and Locust Gap Miners.
The strikers here believe that the com
panies that have failed to comply with
the agreement of Thursday's conference
to post amendment to the original offer
guaranteeing its continuance till April 1.
1S01, are prompted by a desire to hold up
the settlement and see if it is not possible
to cause a break in the Schuylklll region.
WILL ITOT ILETUBJJ" TO WORK
"All that we can expect to enforce is
that we get the 10 per cent." said he. "It
is hardly the thing for us to think that
we can dictate to the companies how they
thpJl pay the advance."
Organizer Fred Dilcher does not talk
this way, however. He says the conven
tion demanded a straight 10 per cent ad
vance, with the powder question left for
future adjustment and that until this de
mand were complied with to the very let
ter the officers had no authority to call
off the Etrike.
SCRANTON*. Pa-. Oct. 2L— A meeting: of
the president* cf the Scranton local
unions of the United Mine-workers was
held this afternoon to discuss the advis
eblllty of taking aggressive steps toward
closing the washeries. After carefully
canvassing the situation it was decided to
let the matter rest for a while. The fact
that the end of tha strike is generally be
lieved to be at hand impelled the meet
lnir to refrain from maklns this move,
which, it is reacraily conceded, would be
attended by the possibility of disorder and
would have a tendency to do more harm
to the ca.use than to the operation of tha
washeries.
The general situation was discussed and
o:i« cf the presidents at the conclusion
of the meeting said that in his Judgment
the men would be perfectly satisaed to
*ccept the 10 per cent offer with the pow
der clause excluded.
Close th.e Washeries.
Decide Against Aggressive Action to
when It \ras suggested to him that
there mieht be a break in the ranks of
the strikers If the contest were to con
tinue much locE-er he said that not one
man would go bark to the mines until he
was officially aotilied to return.
2EEETOTG OF 17111011 LEADERS
TVher. Mr. Mitchell -was asked what he
would do If all the companies were to Dost
notices he said:
TThen all the companies have posted notice* I
Trtll have something to kl>\
coal lieliU ha\ r e srjarajiteed the payment of the
ten i>er cent advance and have abolished the
£lid!ns Ecsle.
The largre companies In the Lehigh region
that have refused to act eince the Scraiiton
convention was held are Cox Bros. & Co.. the
Itrgc-Et Cuai producers In the Lehith region; O.
B. Markle A; Co.. the L^hleh and WHkes-barre
Company; the Lehicn Coal and Navigation
Company, and a lai^e number of smaller com
panies. There Is also a considerable number of
coal companies in the Lackawanna and Wyom
ing res-icne that have not guaranteed the pay
ment of the ten per cent advance until April
1. The only district that has accepted the
terms of the Srranton convention in full is No.
S, better known a* the Schuy;kl!l district.
Companies which produce about sixty-five
per cent oT & total production of the anthracite
HAZL32TON. Pa., Oct. 2L— When Presi
dent Mitchell of the United Mine-workers
waa atked to-nlyht .-what tie had to say
In regard to a settlement of the anthra
cit« xnir.ers' strike he replied:
As ttere &.n;>e*re lo be 8K>ni*r disixjsltion on
the part of the public to place the responsibil
ity lor the prolongation of the strike on the
«houl<itrs of the mine workers, speaking lor
them 1 want to tay that whan tiie !>cranton
convention aceesit-d a ten per cent advance in
Traces i>rovidias the oi»Tatore tU>jli£he<i the
eliding scule and iruara-r.u-ed the i«ym«nt of
the advance until April 1st, the miners had
met the openlCU more than half way. They
had shown a c<jncilis.tory spirit and I know of
no rood reason why ibe rrt.jx*iuon ehould not
bare been accepted by tne curators.
Am a consequence, the responsibility for the
continuation cf the strike rests solely upon
the failure of the operators to treat the propo
sition of their eirrloyes considerately. The pub
lic should underfctanii that unsatisfactory as
la the rmrrrtTfim ° r tile operators who make
the reduction in the nric* of powder a part
of the advance cf ten per cm. even this propo
sition has not been otTeri d by a. very larne num
ber of the cv.al producing companies In the an
l&racite recion. and until ail <-orci>anie£ guur
*.«.t'-e the payment of the ten per <ent a-is"ance
above the rate cf wages paid In Septomiw-r un
til Arril 1. according to the decision of the
Scrantpn convention, the miners are powerless
to act. I v.ant to repeat .again that there can
be no partial sectional settlement of this strike.
Large Companies in the Lehigh. Dis-
trict Have Talcen No Action
Since the Scranton Con
vention.
President Mitchell Declares
the Operators Are to
Blame.
CONTINUATION
OF STRIKE NOT
MINERS' FAULT
¦
Vanishingof the Great Wealth Amassed by
* ' a Once Lucky Miner.
COLORADO MILLIONAIRE'S
WIDOW CHUMS WITH POVERTY
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1900.
Mrs. Mary Little, Wh.o Came to America
Eighty Years Ago, Is Still Hale.
ONE HUNDRED YEARS A LIGHT
BURDEN FOR THIS WOMAN
.-•;•
2
7,'U Market gf
(elevator entrance).
San Francisco.
Disease and weak-
ness of men. Es-
tablished is.il. Con-
sultation freo.
Specialists
& CO.,
DR. MEYERS
visit OR. -JORDAN'S oasat (
BUSEUH OF ANATOMY
gl iKii£A23i cr-su. totfa. s.ra. ,
tj The L»rcCTt Anatomical Majcum in tS»
World. Wuka«Mi or »n» coorracted ;
Je^E*} duea^e priltlwrl7cur»I&r«- > > e< > taa » t
7feyl apeailiitcaUitCou- Estjflyam. *
flSWft OR. JOHCAN-PRlVATi DISEASES 4
?vf5S«ll Co.«ult«tk>n frM and strictly prtnta \
B iVvV K T" I'nie-it personally er by letter. A &
El qr CJ tl «w.(;m CWjm titTjci«und:njieti. T
r/f tlth Writs for Book. PniLOMoruYvfJ
If I . '¦**** niAfcK. MULBO flU (Af
O '» valuable beak for mra) A
DR. JODD AX A CO.. MM Market St.&P.f
©VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by tha leaders of th*
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures th«
worst cases tn old and youae
arising from effects of aelf-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoklBg. Cures Loat
¦ Manhood. Impoteacy. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lima Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of 8emen, assr Vartcocel? or Con-
stipation. Stops N« *5 11 rvous TwltcMn*
of Eyelids. Effects JTtIjTr*lB r • Immediate.
Impart vigor aad t ' £ ' 1 * to •very
function. Don't set despondent; av cure Is at
band. Restores pmall. undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; Mo a
box; 6 for II 50 by mall. A written guaranta* to
cure or money refunded with • boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUO CO..
38 and 40 Third at.
%mir FAVORITE
INSCRIPTION
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
AD VERTI SEMEETCS.
FURNITURE AND CARPETS
AT 20 PER GENT DISCOUNT
FROM REGULAR PRICE.
Free delivery within 200 alls*.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open evenings. Xear Pow«ll.
' J^$M%Z?b± tt*t my Kidney Cure
JraJSgn&Eigwi&KL will cure CO- per cent.
S3S * a^^j» of all forms of kidney
£b* -^?3 complaint and la
j*^ '"^'^3 SUQ 7 Instances tie
rtf **Sh tW(51/ most scrlons forma of
I I *# Bright**, disease. It
\.>~Jzjpri plicated send a foor-
¦AXfc^ VStKL otmce rial of nrlnei.
C^kt^&ZZvt* Wc wl:1 aaaI ? ze ll
and advise jou Xrt*
"1 j Cfr what to da.
• | i MUHTOX
At «n drazgists. 23o. » rial. OulJs to Hsmlti
¦Bri mrrltrsl *<trtoe free. 130ft Arch it.. Pblla.
El AH Ssl SSa §23 hH IPil
Kr V 3 IS rail £3 BOB B 9T9 s-
SDR. MEYERS
& CO.,
Specialists
Disease and weak-
ness of men. Es-
tablished is.il. Con-
sultation free.
7IU Market gt.
(elevator entrance).
San Francisco.Boom for San Diego.
Cornerstone Laid.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 21.— The arrival of the
big steam schooner iaqua, laden with
shingles, from Eureka, to-day, marks the
beginning of a new departure in the lum
ber trade of Southern California. Hereto
fore the McFadden Bros., of Santa Ana,
Newport. Corona and other places, have
been landing most of their lumbe/ at New
port, In Orange County. They now pro
pose to make San Diego their shipping
port, and the arrival of the Iaqua is In ac
cordance with that plan. She has a car
rying capacity of over 750,000 feet of lum
ber.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 21.— The corner
stone of the Masonic Temple was laid to
day. Grand Master Forshay , officiating
The temple Is being built at the corner of
Chester avenue and Twentieth street. It
will cost $25,000.
2he Pay's £>ead
L. B. Burbeck.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 2L— L* B. Burbeck,
formerly City Assessor and a resident
here since 1880, died this afternoon after a
short illness. He was 76 years of age. He
was a second lieutenant^ In the Fourth
Massachusetts ¦ Volunteers and the pall
bearers at his funeral ; on Tuesday morn
ing will be chosen from the Grand Army
of the Republic and from the Knights of
Pythias. He leaves two sons, Henry, who
is in business in Boston, and Ed M. Bur
beck, who is v in the stationery business
here. ." ¦ ." - --¦ ¦ ~. '-: ,,;• - ". ~ ' -
Richard N. Parr.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 2L— Richard NAParr, a
wealthy orchardlst ¦ of ¦ Campbell and a
Sioneer ' resident : of the" county,' died to
ay, aged 47 years. /
J. C. Lauren tz.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 21.— J. C. Laurentz.
a well-known resident of Sonoma' County,
died in this city to-night from heart fail
ure. He > was • 62 years -i of . age. A wife
and four children survive him./
COLUSA, Oct. 2L— In a game^'of base
ball to-day Colusa defeated Marysville by
a score of 3 to 1. Batteries— Beville* and
Hanson for Colusa; Thomas and Morrow
for the vlsl tors.
At Grldley the Grldley nine defeated Or
ovills by a score of 5 to 2.
Minor Baseball Games.
MONTEREY, Oct. 2L— The funeral of
Mrs. Parmelia Corless, widow of the capi
talist, G. D. Corliss, who died at her home
in Del Monte Grove on Friday last," was
conducted from the First Presbyterian
Church Jn this city this afternoon. Rev.
Dr. W. C. Gray of the Pacific Gfove M. E.
Church officiated. '
Funeral of Mrs. Corless.
TACOMA. Oct. 21.— Former Senator
Warren Miller of New Tork has secured
a permit for a railroad across the north
half of the Colville Indian reservation for
the Republic and Kettle River Railroad,
of which he Is chief promoter. . Senator
Miller went to Washington and under date
of October 8 secured a permit from the
Secretary of the Interior. . The Grand
Forks and Republic Company, a rival
road, made surveys before the reserve
was opened and then sent an attorney. to
\\ ashington to obtain a permit such as
Miller had secured. The attorney has not
yet succeeded and finds his company is
a trespasser for having surveyed without
a permit.* "
The men then decided that In order to
give the spectators their money's worth
they would give a fifteen-mile exhibition.
Michael won the race by three laps and
broke all Indoor paced records up to and
including fifteen miles. His time was
26:30. The former record was 27:04 1-5. '
Permit for Railway.
CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— According to the
referee, Johnny Xelson of Chicago de
feated Jimmy Michael by default in their
match motor-paced race at the Coliseum
to-night. The chairman of the National
Cycling Association will have to render
the final decision, as there is a contro
versy over the referee's verdict. The race
was for fifteen miles and the men had
an agreement that if either should meet
with an accident during the first mile the
race should be started over again. Mich
ael's motor broke down Just as he was
finishing the first mile and he pulled up,
thinking he was inside the safety limit.
Xelson, who was leading when the acci
dent happened, continued until stopped by
the referee and told he had won, as Mich
ael refused to go on, claiming he had not
passed the mile mark when misfortune
overtook him.
Michael.
Referee Gives Nelson a Decision Over
DISPUTE OVEB A RACE.
f'Johanna" la Dead.
BERLIN, Oct. 2L— "Johanna," Barnuro
& Bailey's famous gorilla, "died to-day of
SBeu&onla.
LONDON. Oct. "It, Is supposed
here." says the Hongkong correspondent
of the Dally Chronicle, "that the rebels
who are operating under Sun Yat J Sen
ari subsidized by Americans at Singa-
Peculiar Charge Ag-ainst Americans.
John A- Drake Resents Attack Upoa
Yankee Riders and Trainers.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2L— The Sun has this
from London: In an interview John A.
Drake is credited with having said that
he was eroing to sell his horses and quit
the English turf, owing to such attacks
as recently were made «by Lord Durham
on American sporting men. He declared
he and his jockeys and trainers had been
reviled and lied about. The truth was
that If a foreigner lost in England he
was a good fellow, but If he won he was
neither a Fportsman nor a gentleman.
Americans won, he said, because they
•worked. It was work and brains that en
abled Americans to succeed in nearly
ererythlrigr they undertook. • -
WILL QUIT ENGLISH TURF.
which started for China yesterday and
returned to Toinpklnsville, L. I., last
night, said to-day that the ship would be
able to start on its trip Tuesday or
Wednesday. Machinists of the crew were
engaged to-day in working the two 13
incb guns In the forward turret, trying to
ascertain if the defect In the mechanism
was so serious as to make necessary the
sending of the big warship to Philadel
phia, eo that repairs might be made by
the Cramps, who built her.
Sailors of the Kentucky say when the
battleship put to sea they were called to
quarters and the 13-inch guns were dis
charged. One of the big guns In the for
ward turret would not go back to place.
The trouble was due to an Imperfect
"The superimposed turret had nothing
to do with our coming back to port, said
Captain Chester. "There Is no question
as to the mechanical arrangement. In
my judgment, the turrets are much less
liable to suffer disaster than if they were
separate lik* those carried by the Oregon,
Massachusetts and vessels of that class.
Captain Chester Says His Vessel Will
Be Ready for Sea by
Wednesday.
NEW YORK. Oct 2L-Capta!n Colby M.
Chester of the battleship Kentucky,
DETECT IN KEUTUCKY'S
BIG GUNS NOT SERIOUS
Great laughter greeted this sally, for
White Is the Republican candidate tor
Governor.
Judge Holt's presence attracted many.
NEW YORK. Oct. n.— The World has
the following from Hamlin..W, Va.: Judge
John H. Holt. Democratic- candidate for
Governor of West Virginia, who in his
marvelous campaign has rocked babies,
baked <*»iraplSngs for country ncuse wives
and fiddled ani sung In nearly every
cousty in the Stcte. periorcne*! his great
est feat here yesterday. Ail the people
In the vicinity T»ere assembled at old
Judge S^fann's hospitable country home.
The cause of the festivities was the an
nual meeting cf the Daughters of Rebekah.
and they were present forty and
forty fair. Alter a sumptuous banquet
beneath spreading oaks Judge Swann an
nounced that he had sixty geese ready
and willing to be picked, and su^gv.sted as
& diversion that the Vixen County lasses
try their hands. A house-raising, a corn
shucklcg, an apple-peeling or a beAn-
Etringing could not have met louder ac
claim, and forthwith each fa'r damsel
went to ¦work.
They were in the midst of their gay
labor when, mounted upon his old gray
mare. Judge Holt rode up to the gate.
The Judge dismounted and. having greet
ed ever* body ajjd kissed the 9-months-old
grandchild of old Judge Swann, he soon
was seated beneath a tree with to. goose in
his lap, hard at work.
Suddenly during a lull, still picking
away a.t the goose. Judge Holt remarked
in his deliberate way:
"ThiB reminds we of one of my joint de
bates with White."
<«ulck as a flash Uncle Mose caught his
banjo, and Judge Holt, dropping his vio
lin took the hand of old Aunt Melissa, his
black mammy, standing in the doorway,
¦who had nursed him as a baby. At the
head of the procession they marched to
the time of "Befo 1 de Wah. My Love," the
tall, slender man with clear cut, cameo
face holding by the hand the old negro
woman with all the grace of knight of old
as though she were the fairest lady of
the land.
"Everybody and all cake-walk." he said.
Every window was filled with darky
faces, and occasionally some old gray
headed negro who had known Judge Holt
from his boyhood would say:
"Well, now. ain't it a plum sight to
see Marse John." \
And it was. As midnight approached
the last figure was to be called. Judge
Holt was equal to the emergency.
Judge Holt's body swayed and his foot
kept time, while ever and anon above the.
music could be heard his clear voice as he
cried: ""tilt the puncheon, everybody — all
do-sle-do."
"Face your partners, all Join hands and
give your partners a hot time." he called,
and the dance was on.
and all ¦were anxious to eee "Johnnie," as
they called him. At night, aifter supper,
the spacious dining hall was cleared for
a dance. Arrangements had been made
for an old darky to play and call the
figures. He ¦was there ¦with his banjo, but
so was Judge Holt with his fiddle, for the
Judge always carries It strapped to his
saddle when In the rural districts, and
nothing would do but he must take old
Uncle Mose's place. The Judge took a
chair and In a trice the couples were In
their places, nnd West Virginia's states
man drew his magic bow across the
strings.
Father Ferrer Transferred.
MONTEREY. Oct. 21.— Rev. Father Fer
rer of Gonzales has been transferred from
that place to take charge of the San Car
los Roman Catholic parish of this city.
Father Ferrer takes the place of Rev.
Father R. M. Mestus, the former priest
of this parish, whose failing heaith
obliged him to give up his pastorate.
Father Ferrer Is greatly beloved wherever
he Is known, and the congregation of San
Carlos Church count themselves very for
tunate In having so able a man placed
over them.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— A mysterious at
tempt at assassination was made here this
evening. The victim is' Thomas Bodley,
Deputy Tax Collector. He was waiting
for a street car on South First street near
.William, when a well dressed young man
stepped up to him, placed the muzzle of a.
pistol against his left breast, and' saying,
"Take that, pard," tired. The bullet struck
some hard substance In the vest pocket,
deflected and passed out, only gracing the
skin. There Is no clew to the perpetrator
and no reason Is assigned for the attack.
Unknown Man Fires at Thomas
Bodley in San Jose.
NARROWIiY ESCAPES DEATH.
Field.
NAPA, Oct. 21.— An oil strike has been
made in Berryessa Valley, twenty-seven
miles from here, which is said to be rich
with the finest grade of petroleum. It has
created considerable excitement in Napa
and the locality In which the new oil
fields are located.
Thomas A. Flnnell, an expert represent
ing a company of San Francisco people. "is
the man who has made the new discovery.
He came to town Friday afternoon an-1
filed papers In the courthouse to take up
1900 acres of Government land in the new
oil belt of California. Mr. Finnell says
that the oil has a paraftine base, and is
much more valuable than the asphalt oil.
Several companies, composed of Napa
people, have been formed. One headed by
District Attorney Bell, Charles Trower
and C. H. "Wallace have filed locations on
640 acres, and another. In which A. A.
Watson of Napa is interested, has filed
claims to 4S0 acres more.
Napa capital Is being Invested, and it
is proposed to employ artesian well borers
and develop this new petroleum strike.
Many companies have also been formed
In the town of Monticello.
Companies Formed In and Around
Napa to Exploit the New-
OIL FOUND IN THE
BERRYESSA VAT.T.EY
PICKS GEESE AND PLAYS
FIDDLE TO WIN VOTES
Unique Stunts by West Virginia's Demo
cratic Candidate for Governor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
/BAKERSFIELD', Oct. ; 2L— Chanslor &
Canfield's machine shop, at Twenty
fourth i and % X* '; streets . was ; burned ' this
morning at about 7 o'clock. The loss la
estimated at $10,000. The origin of the fire
is In doubt. >^ :'
Fire at Bakersfield.
SAN JOSE, 'Oct. ' 21.— The Grange and
Farmers*. Club, have ' taken up the matter
of having California hnake an; exhibit- of
Its ¦ resources at the Buffalo Exposition.
At a meeting yesterday these : organiza
tions : expressed .themselves ¦' in favor of
it ' and ; will ' urge - united action all over
the - State to secure such - an , exhibit and
an appropriation from the State to main
tain the same. Professor C.W. Child's
has" been indorsed by the Grange and
Farmers* Club to ' have charge of the ex
hibit. . - ' _
For a California Exhibit.
. The orchardlsts of this county claim an
average season, with good crops and. fair
prices.- While the prune crop to unusually
large; th"e almond crop In the vicinity of
Davisvllle Is less than It was last season
by 120 tons, that . of last season being 287
tons. There Is a material Increase In the
output of raisins and wine grapes this
season over last; and the prices are better.
Some activity in tree planting Is promised
this - winter,, the canning peach and * the
almond taking the lead, owing to the high
prices paid for them this season.
WOODLAND, Oct. 21.— The Horticul
tural Commission has filed a report which
shows that Yolo County orchards are In a
fair condition except in localities where
there has been a lack of sufficient water.
The most -serious pests are codlin. moth
and red spider. Colonies of lady birds are
doing much i toward eradicating the red
spider. There is some complaint of root
knob. ¦ 4 *
Have Been Codlin Moth and
Red Spider.
Most Serious Pests During the Season
Gill was formerly a law partner of D.
M. - Delmas, and for many years he had
the most lucrative law practice In Santa
Clara County.
— ? t
CONDITION OF YOLO /
COUNTY ORCHARDS
SAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— William L. Gill,
one of the best-known lawyers in the
State, has sued his wife, Alice T. Gill, j
for divorce on stJttutory grounds. M. D.
Archibald, a young attorney, is named as
co-respondent.
Mr. and Mrs. Gill were married about
eight years ago. Their troubles date back
a year, when Gill's health gave way be
cause of a high and fast life, and he was
committed to > Agnews Asylum. . After a"
few months Gill was discharged as cured,
but in the meantime Archbald had won
the affections of Mrs. Gill. When he re- i
turned to the city an estrangement ex- i
lsted between Gill and his wife, and they :
have not lived together.
It is nd* probable that Mrs. Gill will
make any defense.
and M. D. Archibald Is Named
as Co-Respondent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Suit Is Based on Statutory Grounds
Friday evening a Demorest diamond
medal contest will take place. There are
eight contestants. The participants are
those who ¦ have already secured ' gold
medals In the oratorical contests.
The convention is expected to complete
Its labors Saturday morning.
¦.¦-"• . m
WILLIAM GILL SUES HIS
WltfE FOR DIVORCE
A chorus of 100 children's voices is the
entertainment Thursday evening. They
will give selections from the "The Shadow
of Home,' as recently presented in Lon
don. *
San Jose Union and the county union
have made elaborate preparations for the
meeting and the entertainment of the del
egates.
Tuesday evening the delegates will be
tendered a reception. Addresses of wel
come will be delivered by City Superin
tendent of Schools F. P. Russell. Mayor
Martin, Henry French- and Mrs. C. M.
Ayres, president of the county union. A
response on behalf of the delegates will
be made by Mru. Blanche English of Peta
luma.
A debate on the question, "Resolved,
That the safety and permanence of the
republic demand a change In the national
Government," will be held Wednesday
evening. Miss Sarah Severance and Mrs.
Ella Pringle will be on the affirmative side
and Mrs. Grace Kimball and Mrs. S. M.
Woodman the negative. \
The election of officers will be held /Wed
nesday -morning.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 21.— The twenty-first
annual State convention of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union will convene
In the Unitarian church in this city Tues
day morning. Mrs. S. Sturtevant-Peet
the State president, will preside. About
400 delegates, representing the 250 subor
dinate unions in the State, are expected
to be In attendance.
Christian Temperance Union
Convention.
Progrramme Arranged for Woman's
TEMPERANCE WORKERS
TO MEET AT SAN JOSE
sXn RAFAEL,, Oct. 21.— The trial of J.
E. King, charged with the murder of S.
H. Church;aT.Two Rocks several months
ago. commences - to-morrow afternoon be
fore Superior ; Judge Angellotti. It is - be
lieved that several days will be occupied
in securing a jury. Sheriff .Taylor has re
turned a venire of 145 Jurors drawn from
every i part ¦ of ? the county. * King is calm
and seems confident of an acquittal. \
Believes* He .Will Be Acquitted of the
• Church Murder, t. •
KING IS CONFIDENT.
OROVILLE, Oct. 21.— The Republican
rally here on Saturday evening to listen
to Senator George C. Perkins was the
largest indoor meeting ever held in this
town. Eight hundred- ' and fifty were
seated in the hall and fully 150 could not
gain admittance to the building. Hon.
John C. Gray. Superior Judge of Butte
County, presided as chairman and Barney
Collins, Republican nominee for the As
sembly, and Senator Perkins addressed
the people for two and a half hours.
Many prominent men from .various parts
of the county acted as vice; presidents of
the meeting. ¦ The Oroville brass band dis
coursed music . and the Oroville Glee Club
rendered a number of. campaign songs." -
The meeting was a grand ovation to
Senator: Perkins, and a large number of
people came to .town during the afternoon
and , evening ¦ to ,, meet j him. _ One i of * the
strong points he. made during the evening
was a ; reply to Senator White."; who re
cently spoke in Fresno. Mr. Perkins de
clared ¦ that the protective tariff: placed on
raisins, olive oil and citrus fruits was en
tirely a Republican -measure, and that
only one Democratic Senator, the . one
from Louisiana, voted in favor of this
tariff.:. ¦•- --' ¦ • •; *: ¦¦;.--., '.•¦" ' • - :V=
Speech, of Senator White.
Senator Perkins Replies to the Recent
RALLY AT OROVTLLE.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Oct. 21.— Chief Jim
Smith's tribe of Indians of Northern Har
rison River, 160 miles from Vancouver, are
In a starving condition. That news was
brought Into-day by a native, who says he
is a fair specimen of the other 200 peop'.e
left in the lonely district. He was in a
frightful condition and had been so weak
for the last day on the trail that he could
not sit astride his horse. He was com
pelled to work his way the last five miles,
crawling on his hands and knees.
He says that on account of the strike of
fishermen on the Fraser River the Indiana
caught no salmon, and consequently re
turned to their homes in the interior with
out supplies. Late m July the river was
flooded worse than the memorable floods
of 1894, and crops were spoiled. Several
lives were lost. When the messenger left
there was not a pound of flour or potato e a
in the camp. A pack train Is now being
organized at Agassiz by the Indian agent,
and It will be sent In before the end of the
week. /.
From Catching Salmon and They
Have No Winter Supplies.
Fishermen's Strike Prevented Them
INDIANS STARVING ON
HARRISON- RIVER
TACOMA, Oct. 21.— Late arrivals from
Nome report that one of the most suc
cessful operators of Bay district
is D. B. Libby, who enjoys the distinction
of having visited the scene of his pres
ent labors as early as 1S66. He was then
a member of the Western Union Tele
graph Company party, engaged in an at
tempt to build a telegraph ;line through
Russian America across Bering Straits to
Asia, which | enterprise was, abandoned
when the completion - by Cyrus Field of
the first trans-Atlantic cable rendered the
plan useless. The work was entrusted to
Charles Buckley - as chief and
the party of which Libby was a member.
wintered at Port Clarence. It was at
this time, while making a voyage from
Port Clarence to Norton Sound, that Lfb
by found at the headwaters of the Neuck
luck' River an auriferous gravel whlct:
had been washed down by that stream.
Believing it to contain ' pold in paying
quantities Libby and a companion stopped
and prospected. Confident that they were
to be in the country the following winter
LJbby and his associates decided to say
nothing of their find:
In July subsequent to this discovery a
steamer came and took away the Western
Union party, the telegraph scheme having
been abandoned. It was not untlll 1899
that Libby again visited Alaska. Thu
company In which he Is now principal
stockholder owns eight claims on Neuck
luck and other streams of the Golovin
Bay district. Libby says Ophlr Creek of
Golovin Bay paid from $70 to $100 a day to
a man. This season the Alaska Explora
tion Company, he stated, yielded $6000 In
twenty-four hours with fifteen men work-
Ing. Crooked, Warm. Albion. Elkhorn and
Melslng creeks he regards as rich streams.
Construction Gang.
Working With a Western Union
Discovery Made by D. B. Libby While
FOUND GOLD YEARS AGO
AT GOLOVIN BAY
KING ALBERT of Saxony is very
ill. The malady with which he
has been suffering for several
weeks past took an acute form
a few days ago. Much anxiety is
felt for the future of the King's health.
He Is 72 vears old and has reigned on the
throne of Saxony since 1S73. He took part
in the Danish ¦war of 1S4S, fought ¦with the
Austrians at Sadowa, and was one of the
officers in the German army in the opera
tions before Metz in the Franco-Prussian
war. Prince- George of Saxony, the king's
brother, is heir to the throne.
f AMES GORDON BENNETT, pro
1 .prietor o^ the New York Herald,
jj arrived at New York from Europe
ittjf last week, and yachting men im
* mediately became interested in the
editor's advent. The rumor that he is
here to take up the work of building a
cup defender to race against Sir Thomas
Lipton's new challenger was current, es
pecially among his old frienos of thexew
York Yacht Club. He has taken no one
KIXG ALBERT OF SAXOXY. WHOSE ILLNESS HAS BECOME SO SE
RIOUS THAT FEARS ARE ENTERTAINED THAT HE IS BEYOND
THE HOPE OF RECOVERY.
Luck's 'next murder with the ax was
five years ago, when he killed a Siwash
at Chilliawack. The Indian had been
working on Wells' ranch, and, the Celes
tial says, was stealing chickens from him.
So one morning he called at the Indian's
cabin and brained the unfortunate man as
he stepped out of the door. He carried his
body for a mile, and it was not found for
several weeks. By that time he was liv
ing in another part cf ~ie country. A
white man was tried for the crime of the
murder, but fortunately was acquitted.
The Chinaman says he had meant to
kill Chief Main for a long time. Main
had suspicions of his stealing operations
around Steveston for a long time and had
been closely watering him. So when the
Chief came to his house after stolen prop
erty he went out of the back door and got
the ax. The Chief was stooping over a
sack, and he cut his head open with the
sharp edge of a big double-bitted weapon.
Yip Luck Is abnormally strong, can lift
several hundred pounds with ease and is
as agile as a cat.
He confessed to Main's murder at the
fall assizes, and swore that his alleged
companion in crime was innocent. -Yip
Luck gloats over the crimes a^s he tells
of how he killed all three men with an
ax. He says the first one was ten years
ago, near Yale, 100 miles from the coast.
The death of a colored man named Clem
ents was always a mystery there. Clem
ents' mangled body was found in a
stream. His skull was smashed through
the middle and a leg was missing. Yip
Luck says he met the colored man when
the latter was returning from shooting.
Clements had a deer and the Chinaman
demanded half. Clements' answer was to
draw his gun and order the Chinaman to
run, but the latter rushed at the big
negro with an axe and was more than a
match for him. He killed him and threw
his body into the stream a half-minute
later.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 21.— Yip Luck,
self-confessed murder of Chief of Police
Main of Steveston, has been responsible
for at least two other of the brutal mur
ders in British Columbia. On November
17 he will be hanged for the killing of
Main, but he evinces no particular inter
est in anything except the nature of the
food he will have at the next meal. Tip
Luck is a monster Chinaman, weighing
over 200 pounds, and for twenty-six years
had been the most expert Celestial among
the wood-working Chinese of British-Co
lumbia. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
quitted.
? :,
White Man Was Arrested and Tried
for One of the Murders, but For
tunately Was Ac-
HIS WEAPON ALWAYS AN AX
Yip LucK Says He Killed
a Negro and an
MAIN'S SLAYER
CONFESSES TO
OTHER CRIMES
JAMES GORDON BENNETT
MAY BUILD CUP DEFENDER
Yachtsmen Interested in the Probable Ac
tioriTof New York Herald's Proprietor.
DEATH MAY SOON CLAIM
KING ALBERT OF SAXONY
Malady From .Which the Monarch Is Suf
fering Has Taken an Acute Form.
RENOUNCES DEMOCRACY
AFTER MANY YEARS
Judge Bond of Mendocino Stumping the
State for McKinley.
{Special Dispatch to The Call.
county for a number of years, has Just
announced his intention of voting this
year for Bryan. Mr. Berwick is an Eng
lishman, who has been a naturalized
American for the past decade, and holds
versr radical views on some- cmestiona.
MAHTIN FAVORS McKINLEY,
Mayor of San Jose Intends Voting
the Republican Ticket.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— C. J. Martin,
Mayor of the city of San Jose, came out
to-day for McKinley and Roosevelt and
will vote for the Republican nominees on
the 6th of November. Mayor Martin has
been a lifelong Democrat and has been
three ti?aes elected Mayor of thi3 city, la
an open letter he says:
"The Issue of the present campaign
and the tendencies of the Democratia
party under the influences now controlling
it are such that I feel compelled to opposa
it in the coming election, and so long as
it may be dominated by the forces that
now make It untrue to genuine Democ
racy. I supported Mr. Bryan in 1S96 as a
loyal partisan, believing him to bo a sin
cere man and a genuine reformer, but his
course has since convinced me that he Is
more of a demagogue than & reformer and
Is bent solely upon his own ambitions. I
also see in Mr. Bryan's election and the
declarations of the Kansas City platform
a direct menace to the fruit Industry of
California. My chief objection to the can
dilates of the Democratic party ancj t»
the persona now temporarily shaping tho
policy of that party la that they have de
parted from " true Democratic policies,
which I find better represented now by
the Republican than by the Democratic*
party. It is therefore with regret that I
break off a party connection of many
years In order to remain true to the prin
ciples which I have always held."
LA REPORT. Oct. 21.— One of the best
and most enthusiastic political meetings
ever known to Lakeport was held last
night. The largest hall in the town was
filled to overflowing, many being turned
away.
Ernest Weyand of Colusa, nominee for
the Assembly from the Tenth District,
and Robert Corlett of Napa, nominee for
Senator frcm the Seventh District, spoke
briefly but agreeably and with good effect.
Hon. Thomas I!. Bond, ex-Superior
Judge of Mendocino County, and for sev
eral years a citizen ofi JLakeport, was ac
corded a most nattering teeeption stnd
made, a telling address.
"For forty-eight years," he said, "I
have voted the Democratic ticket, but the
time has come when I- must choose be
tween a Republican and a Populist, and I
do not hesitate." The Judge is an in
telligent man and has attained consider
able prominence both along legal and po
litical lines. He was one of the attorneys
before the United States Supreme Court
in the Modesto irrigation case, a delegate
tour years ago to the national convention
of the Gold Democrats and one of their
candidates for Presidential Elector.
"If I live until the sixth day of Novem
ber," he concluded. "I will cast my first
vote for a Republican President." His
defection is a body blow to the local
Democracy.
D. E. McKlnlay followed Judge Bond
and held the audience immovable for
nearly two hours. His logical dissection
of party platforms and laying bare of hol
low shams and pretended issues has
brought many doubtful ones into line, and
it is predicted that th«» traditional Demo
cratic majority of Lake County 'will
dwindle away very materially next month.
Will "Vote for Bryan.
MONTEREY, Oct. 2L— Edward Berwick,
the Carmel Valley fruit-grower, who has
marched in the Republican ranks In this
TJL1JE SAN"- - FKAISCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1900.
Into his confidence. His coming here Just
after a controversy between the owners
of the seventy-footers, who were talked
of as probable owners of the new defend
er, would be very timely, if he has such
Intentions. Mr. Bennett Is so thorough
a sportsman, he Is so full of gameness
and rugged honesty that his appearance
as the knight errant of American yacht
ing would be greeted with unalloyed de
light by every lover of the Stars and
Stripes who Is anxious to see the cup stay
on this side of the water.
I JAMES GORDON BENNETT, EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK HERALD,
WHO IS BELIEVED TO CONTEMPLATE THE BUILDING OF A DE
FENDER OF THE AMERICA'S CUP.
pore."
3
Overcoat or Suit
Whether you want a suit or an overcoat, we
can interest you— interest you, first, as our
ready-to-wear clothing is all union-made — that
stamps the workmanship as first-class; interest
you, second, as our prices are low — by low, we
mean they are lower than the usual prices for
clothes of like quality.
Our particular study is producing a good,
stylish, serviceable, satisfactory suit or overcoat
for
ten uuiidr^
We know our clothing — make it ourselves, as
/ we are wholesale manufacturers : — guarantee it.
Our $10.00 suits come in blue serges, green, ) \
tan, chocolate and Oxford effects and mixed |
patterns.
Our $10.00 overcoats come in Cheviots, COV-
erts, kerseys, Oxfords, etc
Boys' Clothing:
We have one large floor with all conveniences
devoted to boys' clothing, furnishings and hats.
Mothers will find our prices low, as we manufac-
ture our own clothing and buy the other goods
in large quantities direct from the makers.-
Th^ee=piece suits
For boys from 10 to 15 years o!d; material is of very
serviceable, all-'.vool Scotch tweed; coat is a three-button
rouni-cornered sack, made up stylishly; vest double-
breasted, neatly trimmed; knee pants, lined throughout,
all seams taped; price KV
'*5.00 / a suit
I Suits of all-wool fast blue cheviot, made up similar
to the above, but th; pants are not lined, having instead
i double seats and knees; these suits are also $5.00.
1 Vestee Suits
For boys from 3 to 8 years old; all-woo! materials In
tweed or cheviot; some have open-front vest and detach-
able shield, and^ith others the vestee buttons down the
back , The suits come differently trimmed and the variety
represents about everything desired; price
$3 50 a suit
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
I 718 Market Street. .the result of increasing the speed with
out using: more coal than before. The ship
has been turned over to th» "Water-tube
Boiler Commission and exhaustive experi
ments will be made in order to ascertain
the reason for the vessel's phenomena!
coal consumption, which Is more than
double that of any of the other seven ves
sels of the same size.
• • •
The naval personnel of the seven prin
cipal powers and tho proportionate rate
of officers to men is as followsr;
There were 347 cases of serious offenses
tried by court-martial in the British navy
during 1899. These offenses consisted of
striking or attempting to strike superior
officers and other Instances of. insubor
dination, of which ninety-six were com
mitted by petty officers and the seaman
class, eighty-nine by non-seamen, sixty
six by marines- afloat and ninety-six by
marines in barracks. The total number
of court-martials were 198 in the fleet at
home and 277 on marines afloat and
ashore. .
• • •
Contracts for non-inflammable wood have
been suspended in the British navy pend
ing- further investigation in the advantage
of using: wood chemically " treated. . The
Belleisle experiments are claimed to have
established, the fact that ordinary non
treated wood would not burn in a suffi
ciently vitiated atmosphere and further
more the absence of wood causes many
serious discomforts on board ship.
count, indicating that the profits actually
amounted to a sum sufficient to declare
a half-yearly dividend of "about 42 per
cent per share.
• • •
Dock companies, ship yards and engine
shops i in Asiatic " , ports ;. are reaping- ' a
golden harvest from the . many warships
and ; transports which the war in China
has j brought out. .The Hongkong : and
AVhampoa /Dock Company at its recent
half-yearly, meeting declared a. dividend
and bonus of 20 k per cent to contributing
shareholders: The amount disbursed "was
$312,500." The surplus amounted to $327,647,
of which $356,236 was carried " to new ac-
Four battleships have been struck from
the French • navy list. Three of these—
Colbert, Richelieu and Trident— are ' of
wood and > were: built more than ¦ twenty
five i years apt). The Turenne. buflt of
wood and Iron in'lS79, Is to be broken up.
The Inconstant, a gunboat, built In '18S6,'
Is, also condemned and is - to be utilized
for. revenue service. V.
The Dutch torpedo-boat Hydra, built
by Yarrow, will shortly be sent with a
sister boat, Scylla, to ihe Dutch East In
dies. The machinery in these boats is
completely enclosed and supplied with
forced lubrication .in connection with va
rious working parts, thereby considerably
reducing * the j attention required . by the
engine-room staff. • " '
\ r icker's_Sons & Maxim, the ship-build
ing and naval armament company at Bar
rows, have gun contracts on hand which
will keep that branch of the business go
ing for five years.
- . • - • . • •
That French freak battleship Henry IV
is advancing toward completion. One of.
the novelties introduced Is to have the
barbettes perforated with- little sight
holes to enable the-captain to e-et a good
all-round vtew, but the convenience is off
set by the weakening of the armor.
The French cruiser Guichew averaged
16 knots on her recent trip of twenty-eight
days from Brest to Sslpon.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
} HOTKL DEL CORONADO-Famoua for golf,
hunting. 1 flshlne, ¦ scenery,'; J cuisine,"- perfect ¦ cli
mate and the social position and culture of Its
patrons. '.At 4 New Montgomery «t. or Ml Mar
ifcet _st.,\ city, get Information and rates. '
Reports of the latest trial of the Zeppelin airship
continue to be favorable, so the nineteenth century
may yet snatch from the twentieth the distinction of
Etartsng men in aerial navigation of a practical kind;
but as yet the thins: will not do to bet on. .
It is noted that the Bryanites nominated for Con
gress in the East are nearly all of them gold men.
while those nominated in the South are nearly all of
them imperialists. With such a divided Congress on
his hand?, even were he elected, Bryan could do noth
ing but draw his salary and keep his mouth shut.
We are going to have in this country a fall that will
give certain assurance of prosperity-^the fall of Bry-
It is up to Bryan to go home and after moving to
'make the' thing unanimous get his ticket ready to
vote f6r; McKinley. i. : : ;
Sir'Thomas Lipton has a very proper regard for
the cleverness of American yachtsmen. He says he
will spend his entire fortune to" win that cup, and from
his manner of talking he seems to" htink that he.will
have to do so/; : : ¦
One of the things by which the Republican party
has demonstrated its care for the welfare of the farmer
as well as for that of the manufacturer is the estab
lishment and the extension of the rural mail delivery
system. That service is now in operation to a
greater or less extent in every State in the Union/ It
has notably developed in California, thanks to Mr.
Loud. Representative of the; Fifth District and chair
man of the' Postal Committee.* ,
It appears from the report that the United States in
1S99 produced 30 per cent of the world's ore, or 25,
oco,ooo tons out of a total of 85,000,000 'tons, in round
numbers. This quantity is somewhat less than the
combined ore output of both Great Britain arid Ger
many, including Luxemburg, which produced, respec
tively, 17 per cent and 21 per cent of the world's ore
supply. This alone gives the United States the leader
ship among the world's great ore producers; but this
•fact must be taken in connection with coal production
on which, the iron industry depends, and of which this
country produces 32 per cent of -the ..world's output,
while Great Britain produces 30 per cent and Ger-'
many 19 per cent. With. primacy in coal and iron ore
the position of the United States is one of undisputed
and permanent ascendency in her control- of the raw
materials of iron and steel production. This primacy
THE IRON AND STEEL TR0DE
THE Treasury Bureau of Statistics has just issued
a monograph on the iron and steel trade of the
United States, which makes a magnificent show
ing for those industries and demonstrates the wisdom
of that system of. protection under which these in
dustries have been safeguarded against foreign cheap
labor competition and enabled to grow to such mag
nitude they now surpass all similar industries in any
other nation.'
We Americans are striking out for our
selves in the matter of fashion, and Parts
for the time being has lost all influence
over us. ;Fve been told this many times
within the last few weeks by the returned
pleasure-seekers to the exposition and T
heard the matter more fully discussed at
the Polycllnic luncheon in honor of Mrs.
de Young. "You could spot an American
any time in . Paris," said one ,-orgeously
gowned guest, "by her short skirt. The
Parlsienne will have none of the jupe that
does not trail the ground. Her skirts
drag for many inches after her and she
Mr. and Mrs. A. Haas of Los Angeles
have bought the Frank home, corner of
Van Ness avenue and Jackson street, and
are going to make their residence there.
They have arranged to refit the elegant
home and will devote $50,000 to that pur
pose. Mrs. Haas, who was formerly a
Miss Koshland of this city, is delighted to
be once again in the town of her birth
and near her family. Mr. Haas has been
extremely fortunate in all his business en
terprises and has recently amassed a tre
mendous fortune. As his wife is a delight
ful hostess and he himself a generous and
lavish husband it is safe to predict that
the Van Ness avenue home will be the
scene of many delightful gatherings.
invitation" at the door. These. packages
are to find their way into one of three
baskets, and on the day after the recep
tion the baskets are to be turned over to
three local charities. Knowing the popu
larity of the Forums I do not believe I am
taking any very desperate chances when I
wager that there .will not be one poor
home in all this big city but will have a
bountiful dinner on Thanksgiving day.
Mrs. I>owney Harvey is home ajcain
from a flying trip East, the purpose of
which was to place the Misses Harvey in
a boarding school.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Raoul-Ouval are
In Paris. This Is the first chanco l>u
vaTs, people have had to know and love
his bonnle California bride.
Miss Bessie Ames is expected home
some time this week after an extended
visit to Paris. On her way home she ha.*
stopped to visit relatives in Boston and
her sojourn there Is betnjj made so ex
tremely pleasant that I would not llks
to positively state the exact day she may
be looked for.
From the say capital comes the pleas
ant news that Mr. and Mrs. J. Atheam
Folger are rejoicing over the birth of a
son. Mr. and Mrs. Folger have been
abroad for more than a year, but their
friends declare they are anxious now to
return and proudly exhibit their new
baby. ¦;-'. \-y
• • • ;
Naturally every lady agreed with the
speaker In SDlte of the fact that thera
was not one short skirt amon? them.
And then the talk for a few moment*
was of fashion and the startling: news
leaked out that this winter Tells would
be worn so as to cover the face only to
the- top of the nose.
• • •
even avoids all pretense of raising them.
There is no use denying the fact, long
skirts are graceful, no matter what may
be argxied aealnst them — from the stand
point of cleanliness — and every one most
hold that the American woman has dem
onstrated her Inherent good sense and In
dependence in adopting: the short skirt in
the face of fashionable Paris* frown."
MISS ADDIE MURPHY IN HER FAMOUS POND LILT COSTUME THAT
WAS DESIGNED IN THE FRENCH CAPITAL ESPECIALLY FOR HER
FANCY DRESS DEBUT PARTY. •
All apprehensions of a possible scarcity of money
in New York have been allaj'ed by the reflux of gold
from Europe, and the feeling in Wall street is much
easier than a fortnight ago. Still, there is little specu
uation there, nor will there be until after the election,
unless something unforeseen turns up. London con
tinues to fell our stocks on the slightest advance,
though this is due more to the need of ready money
in England than to any distrust of our securities. The
volume of American securities now held in Europe
is said to be smaller than for some years, which is a
eood sign, as it relieves us from the liability of having
large blocks of our stocks thrown back upon us, to
the impairment of our spot funds. The situation of
the United States in reference to Europe is especially
favorable, and it would require a financial storm of
more than ordinary* magnitude to upset our financial
equilibrium.
The country's bank clearings continue to fall below
those of 1899. the decrease last week being 13.2 per
cent, and with the exception of San Francisco and
St. Louis, all the largest cities exhibited a loss, that
r.t Pittsburg. the center of the iron industry, being 23.Z
per cent, the heaviest loss in the list. The failures for
the week were 223, against 221 for the corresponding
v.tek in 1809.
BUSINESS CONDITIONS CHEERFUL
TRADE reports from the different sections of
the country continue encouraging. Business is
quiet, of course, with the exception of a few
lines, and the best reports are coming from the South
and Pacific Coast Here we are kept busy by the
continual Government demand for army and navy
supplies for the Orient, and it is expected that this
demand will continue for several years. Indeed, the
purchases of oats and hay alon* here and on the
Sound have materially advanced quotations for both
products, much to the gratification of the farmer,
and, what is more, have cut down stocks so that good
markets for next year are almost assured. Certainly
the Pacific Coast farmer has reason to bless that
national policy which returns him good profits on his
land, and this is probably one of the chief reasons
why that policy is so popular on this coast.
Lower cotton has not depressed the South, for
the best reports are from that section, the consump
tive demand for merchandise being brisk and liberal.
New England is quiet, except in boots and shoes,
which maintain the improvement noted several weeks
ago. The demand is not limited to fall goods, but
lias extended to Orders for next spring, though the
manufacturers are trying to keep the increased sales
quiet for fear of advancing the hide and leather
markets. Both the latter are firm, however, in sym
pathy with the manufactured goods. The wool trade,
too, is picking up in the East, and sales show an in
crease, being larger rhan for a long time, though still
below the abnormal activity of a year or so ago. Re
ports from the iron trade are reassuring. More fur
paces have gone into blast, and the demand is said
tc be improving, though all large buyers are holding:
off until after the election. Small advances in billets
and pigiron are reported at several points. Railroad
earnings are making a good showing, being larger
than during the summer, and the export trade of the
countr> r is in fine condition, the exports for September
being the largest ever reported for that month, while
the returns for the nine months ending September
30 are far in advance of any previous year. It is con
fidently expected that 1900 will break all previous
records in the outward foreign trade. Wheat, how
ever, continues to rule weak, and has declined again,
owing to large shipments from foreign countries to
the world's chief markets.
It is not pleasant to charge i candidate > for the
Presidency with personal vindictiveness, but that is
the report made of Bryan's conduct in his own State
and by those who know him best. It is a revelation
of his utter inconsistency on the trust question and a
warning" to the people not to confide in him any gov
ernmental power .whatever.
This view. of Bryan as he appears in Nebraska is
cne never taken elsewhere. The prevailing opinion
has been that Bryan, despite his financial vagaries and
his tendencies toward demagogy, is on the whole a
genial, good-natured sort of man, hurling invectives
against capital out of rhetorical exuberance, but with
out malice. If the Nebraskans, however, be right,
Bryan is quite a different man, and should he be
elected he will enter office animated by a desire to
punish all who opposed his election. He will put into
power an Attorney General who will undertake to
drive out of business every corporation composed of
men who supported McKinley, while he .will have
nothing but favors for the ice trust, the round cotton
bale trust and other combinations controlled by Tam
many or by other Democratic leaders.
It is said the starch company pays good wages to
250 persons, has been of immense benefit to the in
dustries and the trade of Nebraska City, and tjuring
the last ten years has paid over $2,000,000 to farmers
in the neighborhood for corn. It has never done any
thing in restraint of trade. Yet that important local
industry Bryan is now trying to break up for the
purpose of gratifying his political spite against the
Gold Democrats among its stockholders who refuse
to support his pretensions to the Presidency. He is
seeking to injure his qfwn State and his fellow-citizens
merely to gratify a vindictive spirit. i
WILLIAM J. BRYAN has not much of a repu
tation abroad, and j'et such repute as he has at
a distance from his home is much more favor
able to him than that which he has established among
his neighbors. The old saying, "Go away from home
to learn news," is one that Bryan will doubtless care
fully inculcate whenever it is a question of learning
news concerning himself. On the Atlantic coast and on
the Pacific coast he has been exposed in many an
evasion of vital issues of the campaign, and has be
come known as a dodger and a good deal of a faker
in politics, but titles of that .kind are mild in com-"
parison to those applied to him by his neighbors
and fellow-citizens of Nebraska.
The reason why the people of his own State arc
more severe than the people of other parts of th^
country in condemning Bryan is that they have under
their eyes in their own homes an illustration not only
of the insincerity but of the vindictiveness of the
man. There is in Nebraska City a business enter
prise known as the National Starch Company, largely
under the control of Gold Democrats like J. Sterling
Morton, who was Secretary of Agriculture- during
Cleveland's second administration. There is also in
Nebraska a silver smelting company at Omaha, which
is under control of Bryan's political friends.- Now
Br3 r an has denounced the starch company as a trust
and he has incited his fellow-partisan, the Attorney
General of the State, to institute proceedings to
break it up, or at least to drive it out of Nebraska;
but he has had not one word in the way of con
demnation to say of the silver smelting company,
which from all reports appears to be a real "trust."
operating under methods designed to prevent com
petition.
A HOME VIEW OF BRYflN.
The thought of constructing 50,000-ton battleship^
is likely to make the .British taxpayer turn pale, -for if
they once be launched by any nation the British tax
payer will have a good many of them to construct and
to pay for. Fortunately for him the Zeppelin airship
promises to be something of a success, for short trips,
at any rate, and, should it prove effective, the building
of sea ships for war purposes will hardly be carried
much beyond the point now attained.
As to the effect of the use of such shells in naval
warfare, a British authority is quoted as/ saying the
Belleisle experiments showed that lyddite may burst
against armor without any effect worth mentioning,
but that if a shell once landed in a ship and exploded
she would have no fighting force left. He then went
on to say: "Great distance makes hitting difficult and
makes the skill of the gunner the final arbitrator. The
big lyddite shell is likely, therefore, to do little at pres
ent beyond adding a thousand yards to the recognized
fighting range. In the future, however, there is another
thing it may do — alter the size of . the ships. The
present mastodons may double their enormous bulft.
Already the French, who always lead in plans of this
kind* have projected a battleship of 30,000 tons odd.
Such <a vessel would not be so greatly incommoded
<rven by a 12-inch lyddite. The other alternative is to
make ships smaller, so that one. or two may be lost
without the general total being much affected. This h
no new proposition— it is trotted out with every new
invention. Butttis the less likely ; of the two. Far
more probable is it that the naval architect will first
lay himself out' to create something bigger— thirty,
forty, or even fifty thousand tons in displacement." •
In describing a test made with a gun of 9.2-inch
caliber the London Chronicle says: "To begin with,
it was fired at a target about 1500 yards distant from
the gun. When it burst fragments of the shell were
flung back nearly 800 yards — half a mile — toward the
gun; that is to say, the distance of a very fair rifle
range. This, however, was merely the mildest part
of the explosion; fragments at the sides were actually
hurled a whole mile away! The detonation was likrj
a clap of thunder just overhead, while at the target
there rose a huge tree of green smoke as high as the
clock tower at Westminster, but of far greater bulk.
A mile away men felt a heavy blow across their faces
from the concussion. And this, be it remembered,
was a relatively small shell compared with the sort of
thing that will be fired in the next naval battle."
fiV\ OST people will easily recall the lurid tales
/ \ that were told: in the early days of the South.
* * African war of the effects of the explosion of
lyddite shells fired by the British against the Boers.
It will also be recalled that after a time there came
reports of quite a different nature; so that .while- the
first stories depicted the explosive as something so
terrible that it blew whole mountain tops away and
destroyed regiments with one shell, the later stories
were to the effect that lyddite shells are hardly more
dangerous than tom-toms, making a mighty noise in
deed, but rarely killing anybody.
The truth concerning the effectiveness of the ex
plosiveness in war appears to lie between the two ex
tremes of these stories. The shells used against the
Boers did not produce anything that could be rightly
described as "frightful carnage." Nevertheless, they
\vere far more effective than a shell loaded with an
old-time explosive would have been, and the British
have no intention of abandoning the use of them.
From recent reports it appears the lyddite shells
used in the Boer war were fired from guns of a com
paratively small caliber, none of them being more
than forty-pounders. Tests made with ioo-pounders
firing at the old battleship Belleisle showed that the
big shells are dangerous to everything in the neigh
borhood unless it be. heavily armored, and further
tests made at Shoeburyness with guns\*of a caliber
between those used in- the South African war and
those used against the Belleisle also demonstrated an
extraordinary explosive force. ,,
EXPERIMENTS WITH LYDDITE.
This week Is the time when the club
women are going to shine, and all of us
who do not belong to one or the other of
the fashionable clubs are pretending we
do. Not to be at the California Club ben
efit at the Orpheum to-morrow is to sound
your own social death knell. Then there
is Wednesday, when the Forum Club Is
going to shine with a swell reception at
its club rooms, with r -i slc and papers and
recitations between the "how-de-dos."
The Forum, I am told. Is rapidly becom
ing th* Intellectual club of this city. -The
members are doing all sorts of brainy
things nnd getting Eastern notices for
them. The Forum, however, has not been
cultivating the head alone and forgetting
tho heart. This club has a delightful plan
for a donation party that is to take place
some time before Thanksgiving. It is to
be an evening reception, and each member
will be allowed invitations for from three
to six friends. Each invited guest is sup
posed 1 to present a package with his or her
. "Nothing much." said his friend. "Only
he is 20 years old, is worth about $50,<XX)
and is a member of the Bohemian Club.
He Is the Owls' baby, and the wise bird
Is overwhelming him with attention.
That's all that'ls the matter with Frank."
Mrs. Gencvleve Goad Martin and her
brother. Frank Goad, will accompany
Mrs. McNutt and her daughters to - the
Philippines. Genevieve Martin and Mamie
McNutt have struck up a very close
friendship during the last year, and it is
the pleasantost thing imaginable that
Mrs. Martin should be' present when
Mamie McNutt gives her hand to Lieu
tenant Potter. Won't the McNutts and
beautiful Genevieve make a stir in bur
new possessions! After -the- wedding Mrs.
McNutt and Ruth -vcill come straight
home, but Mrs.:. Martin, accompanied by
her. brother, will make a. tour of China
and Japan. 4 Everybody is hoping the trip
will -be of benefit to Frank. I saw him the
other day, and although he must tip the
scales at at least ISO rounds his pallor
"and general appearance made me fear for
his health. "What is the matter with
Frank?" I asked a friend of his, just as
his athletic figure, all muffled to the ears,
disappeared around the corner.
Mr. and Mrs. \ Gus Taylor have leased
one of the new houses Just put up on
Gough street between Jackson and Pa
cific and have arranged to settle there
for the next five years. The fact that
the Ta ylors have taken a house is good
news. Mr. Taylor's bride is fluite the, most
frm-loving young woman in this city, and
1 predict that there will be Jolly times
at : the Taylor home. I understand that
the wedding of Georgia Hopkins and -Will
Taylor is not to take, place till next
spring. However, there is to , be plenty
of entertainment a t- the Hopkins home,
¦which .was no quiet last winter on account
of the sad illness of Mrs. Hopkins. This
year the Hopkins, girls will have their
bride sister to act as chaperon and all
will be merry again. "
— ! . • • • '/WsLt * '
The worst is over now. We are all nat
urally proud to own him and he is getting
used to bolner an American and growing
to like it more and more every day.
I heard that it was a hard and cruel
necessity that made, de V. swear to turn
down his trouser legs. He Is something
or other out in a court (for salary) and it
appears thnt unless he had sworn to be
true to Uncle Sam in preference to her
Majesty they would not let him collect on
the first day of each month.
Isn't it Just too Jolly! ; Donald de V.
Graham !ms gone and got naturalized arid
now, in jppltg of his delightful accent and
rosy pnmnlp.vlon, we have the right to
consider .him one of us. The ceremony
was solemnized on the 13th and that fate
ful day proves that our Donald possesses
unusual bravery as well as good; sense.
It is a tale that makes one feel a pride
in the fact that Mrs. Paulsen belongs to
California. It's a tale that needs a clev
erer pen than mine. . Be sure to get her
to tell it to you.
¦ Be sure and make her relate to you
how, without "having gone through the
formality of seourinj? accommodations
ahead; she reached the village in the
midst of a snowstorm and. fighting her
way to the village schoolmaster's house,
got on the good side of the master's wife.
The frau in pity for her plight and in ad
miration of her wonderful persuasive
powera'W her lip two flights of . steep
stairs and then cheered her as she mount
ed a ladder to find shelter in an attic
where fnr more than a century the cos
tunes, fnr the wonderful Passion Play
hnve gathered the dust and ¦ entertained
the moths. Don't let Mrs. Paulsen neg
lect to give you the creep?, but make her
explain how those costumes, swayed by
the .gusts of wind that wailed down the
cracks in the old roof, made her think
of ppooks and gave her courage to once
more, let her weight test, the ladder's
strength. Then there is the interesting
part of how she ate her dinner, plate in
hnnd, seated the while on a wooden box,
and last, but not least, her triumphant
witnessing of the play upon a reserved
seat and with a horse blanket doing duty
as an opera cloak.
P. you would enjoy some of the delights
of travel without sufrerlnK any of the
Inconveniences get Mrs. Paulsen to tell
you her experiences at Oberammergau.
BY SALLY SHARP
SOCIETY: SOME OF ITS PLANS FOR A
JOLLY WINTER.
The care with which the canvass was made and the
thoroughness of it render these reports altogether dif
ferent from the usual campaign predictions. It has
not been a case of claiming everything for the party
nor a case of guesswork. It has been an honest effort
to obtain information in a systematic manner upon a
subject of great importance, and is therefore not a
mere campaign fake but an enterprise of legitimate
journalism.' It has cost much money, time and energy.
It has required the employment of men of high ability
and of well-trained skill in such matters. It is a work
in whose results the public can have confidence, and
all classes of Americans may now rest assured that if
each will but do his duty and vote, the judgment on
election day will put an end to Bryanism and assure
the integrity, honor and prosperity of the republic.
The canvass made by The Call and the New York
Herald was devised solely for the purpose of obtain
ing reliable information concerning the prevailing
public opinion in the doubtful States and the drift
of the sentiment of that class of voters who in the
early stages of the campaign were undecided how they
should vote. The collection of the information was
intrusted to men of impartial minds and of large ex
perience in the study of popular sentiment. Two sets
of men were employed in order that the reports of
che might serve as a check upon any errors in the
reports of the other. One set noted the sentiment of
the voters concerning the rival candidates for the
Presidency and the other the contests in the Con-,
gressional districts. These reports so far from con
flicting, strongly confirm one another. They give
assurance that McKinley will be. re-elected, that Re
publicans will elect a majority of the next House and
that the Senate also will be safe for sound money and
protection. "
BY means .of a canvass carefully made of every
State where the vote in the coming election has
been considered at, all doubtful The Call was
able to present yesterday ample reasons to justify the
expectation that McKinley will be re-elected by a
majority of the electoral college even greater than
that of four years ago, and that not only will pros
perity be assured for another four years but that Bry
anism and all that it implies will be swept from our
politics.
VICTORY FOR. PROSPERITY.
S^ich is the official record of the results of protec
tion and sound money. Can any intelligent citizen
wish to change all that for free trade — and Bryan?-
One further fact is to be noted. In former years
we used to import iron and steel, but now we export
them. In 1880 we imported five times as much in
value as we exported in iron and 'steel products, but
now we export six times the value of our imports of
such goods. . These exports in the past year ag
gregated a value of $121,858,341, thus ranking next
to breadstufTs, cotton and provisions, the three high
est in value. Among iron and steel goods there are
twenty-one classes of. products of which the expor's
were valued at from 'Si, 000,000 to $9,000,000. each.
A notable feature of the report is the showing made
of the extent to which the age of iron is giving way
to the age of steel. The transition is, illustrated by
the substitution, of steel for iron rails in railway con
struction. Here again the United States holds the
primacy, because of her producing almost 40 per cent
of the world's steel output, while Great Britain pro
duces i8j^ per cent and Germany 21 per cent. No
other nation converts so much of its pigiron into
steel as the United States does. • Of the world's pig
iron output, 40,000,000 tons, 70 per cent is made into
steel,' whereas this country converts 77 per cent of
its pigiron tonnage into steel, amounting to 10,636,858
tons, qut of the world's total output of 27,110,000 tons.
The United States is the foremost steel-consuminq
country, of the world, p. single .city having consumed
125,000 tons in a year for building purposes alone; and
one car company having required 400,000 ton? of steel
to meet its yearly contracts. In 1S79 about one-thinl
of our pigiron was' made into rails, but since that date
steel rails have ceased to be 'the chief form of steel
production, their proportion. in 1898 being but one
sixth of the whole. The consumption of steel per
capita 'for non-rail uses in 1879 was 75.4 pounds: in
1889, 213.2 pounds; in 1898, 276.2 pounds, showing
how oAier than rail uses of steel have developed in
twenty years.
in raw materials gives the United States a self-suf
ficing position, as compared with that of her foremost
rivals, Germany and Great Britain.
THIS SA»j JTKAJN CISCO U AL L, MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1900,
The British cruiser Europe -that hold*
the record "of being, the greatest coal con
sumer, !rf any navy. arrived at Portsmouth
dockyard September 25 from Sydney. The
round voyage took 168 days and she con
sumed 8500 tons In making the return trip,
although the Admiralty order was to keep
the steam down to 150 pounds. At Port
Said, the economizers wota xanjovflii viA
The . above list, taken from the latest
publication of the office of naval intelli
gence, contains all the t easoins officers of
the Unltfid States navy. V
* *
* •
4
NAVIES
J- ISairra A I Officers
Officers. I Marines I to Men.
Great" Britain ......
Krance ..;..
Russia ...............
United States ..TT...
Germany ...... .....'.
Italy
Japan 1 .;..........;...
7308:
X>Zl
S49t .
1R44
1658
1619 ,
1973
107.572 1 to H.7!
84,S43 1 to 21.64
' 50.834 1 to 14.5«
26.000 1 to 14.10
23.078 1 to 14.61
,14.050 1 to 14. S5
18.3S3 1 to 9.32
NAVIES
J- ISairra A I Officers
Officers. I Marines I to Men.
Great" Britain ......
Krance ..;..
Russia ...............
United States ..TT...
Germany ...... .....'.
Italy
Japan 1 .;..........;...
7308:
X>Zl
S49t .
1R44
1658
1619 ,
1973
107.572 1 to H.7!
84,S43 1 to 21.64
' 50.834 1 to 14.5«
26.000 1 to 14.10
23.078 1 to 14.61
,14.050 1 to 14. S5
18.3S3 1 to 9.32
AMUSEMENTS.
Orand Opera-house — •'Madame#Pans Gene.*
Grand Opera -hou se— Maurice Grau Opera Company. Mcn-
fiay evening. November 12.
Alcazar— "A Soldier of the Empire."
Columhla— "Quo VadiB."
Tivoll — "La Oioconda."
Alhambra— "Brown's in Town."
California— Weet'B Minstrels.
California— Piano recitals Wednesday. October S.
Orrhetim— Vaudeville.
Orpneuia— California. Club Benefit Tuesday afternoon. Octo-
ber XL
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy etreeU— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo aad Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evsn!n«.
Fischer* *— Vaudeville.
Fabbri'e Theater— Vaudeville.
Butro Baths— Open nights. '
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men bv th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's>, 610 Slont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Remember the qualities required for our
Judges. Thev are honesty, ability and en-
eigy. M. C. Sloss has all of them. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Xi> at Townsend'a.*
MONDAY OCTOBER 22, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. %
Address All Communicationt to W. S. LEAKE. Manaeer.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephnjne^Pre^sJK^
liBtlCATlOX OFFICE MnrUet nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Pre«* 2O1.
XHHTORIAL, ROOMS 217 to 2^1 Stevenson St.
";; Telephone I»re«» 2O2.
Delivered %>r Carrier*. 15 Centu Per Week.
Single Coplea, 5 ("••no.
Term* l»y Mall. Including: I'ontajfe:
r>AILY CALL flncludlns Sunday), one y**r *••<">
DAILY CALL flneludtnit Sunday). 6 months *-°0
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). 2 months 1-50
DAILT CALL— By Pinjtle Month 65c
FI'NDAT CALL. One Year 15 °
"WERKLT CALL. One Tear - 10 °
All pontmanter* are authorized to receive
nnhfu'rlptfonft.
Sample copies will be forwar.iPd v.hen requested.
Mat! Kubr^eriben> In ordering chance of address should te
particular to pive both NEW AND OLD ADDnKPS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKL.AAD OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEOHGE KnOG>ESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquetfe Building. Chicago.
<Lcng Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
KETT YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARL.TOX ' Herald Sqnare
XirVT TORE REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Balldlns?
JCTW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTaiflorf-Artoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. New« Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
"WASHrVGTOX <D. C> OFFICE 14O6 G St., ST. IV.
aionTOX E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES 527 Jlontgomery. corner of Clay, open
until 9:33 o'clock. S"o Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock- 6S3
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock- CIS Larkin. open until
$:SC o'clock. 1SU Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 226f Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until '9 o'clock. NW. cor-
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
ADVEBTTSEMCEITTS.
Emulsion
Cures Coughs ana Golds
cures them quicker and
better than any cough mix-
ture ever made. *. 1 1 does
more. It enriches the
blood, strengthens mind and
body, gives vigor and' vital-
ity. Cough mixtures won't
do this, nor will they cure
deep-seated, stubborn coughs.
Scott's Emulsion
will. _Try it 1 At «« ttitAmFIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATED
BY FIRST UNITARIAN CONGREGATION
/\ffectior\ate Letter From the Re\^.' Dr. Jioratio Stebbirxs, a Former
Pastorals Read to the Assemblage. * :
The funeral of the late Judge Marcus P.
Wiggins took place yesterday, the ¦ Press
Club attending to the details. 8. Homer
Henley and the dub quartet, consisting of
Charles L. Goettlng, R. Fletcher Tilton.
,W. J. Batcboldcr a ud C&ark* £waoU
Judge Wiggins' Funeral.
: The > Nationals,' Companies , C /and • O : of
the \ National L Guard, will i; celebrate the
forty-fifth anniversary of their organiza
tion on Friday next by a grand ball in the
Ellis-street armory. * It will be a : reunion
of ! many i of the old members, some * of
whom organized the Nationals in 1855.
The Nationals to Celebrate.
For some years there has been , a ten
dency to revolt ; against • the* exorbitant
prices charged by, milliners.^ Profits are
tacked on profits and '¦ before \ the . hat Is
ready to wear its price is many times the
actual cost. The "Leon": is the name of a
new millinery store that /Will open its
doors : for business this . morning at - 94$
Market street, Hale's '- former store,- with
a stock so large and so well assorted that
It can supply the wants of .the most fas
tidious : customers at prices that are aa
tjuJsJddoxlit lov«
New Millinery Methods.
Time waa when about anything would do, but
the. time <Js- when only the best will do— hence
the demand for EVANS' ALE and STOUT. •
The funeral of the late M. A. Dorn, past
grand president of the Native .Sons, took
place from Masonic Temple yesterday.
Charles A. Day of Mission Parlor, ,11. < S.
G.W., conducted the "services and General
W. H. L. Barnes delivered an oration. *¦;
The pallbearers were: Past Grand Pres
ident Charles A. Garoutte and Past Grand
President Charles W. Decker, represent
ing the Grand Parlor: John T. Greany and
W. H." Miller, representing Pacific Parlor;
Colonel William .Cluff and Samuel J.
Hendy, representing Golden Oate Council,
K. T.: Oscar Lewis and George D. Flack,
representing - Mission Lodge, • No. . 169, ¦•¦ F.
and A. M., and D. B. Duncan of. -Yerba
Buena Lodge of Odd Fellows. The inter
ment took place- in the Odd Fellows' Cem
etery. , -^: ¦ v\ ¦ -¦ :
Funeral of M. A- Born.
The biggest winning ever made In the
Lottery of the Beneficencia Publlca Com
pany, City of Mexico, on this coast was
made by a resident of the city of Los An
geles, who held whole ticket No. 64991,
costing $4. in the September 27, 1900, draw
ing, which won the whole of the capital
prize of SGO.OOO. which was promptly paid
to J. Greenwald. No. 107 South "Spring
street. Los Angeles Cal.
The drawings of the Lottery of tho Ben
eficencia Publica Company are events of
great interest en this .coast, and particu
larly to Californlans. as It is rarely the
case that somebody within the State does
not draw a large prize; for instance. In last
month's drawing George J. Kavanaugh of
C40 Market street. San Francisco, won
$5000. and Charles Marty of Twenty-flfth
street and San Bruno avenue drew $2500,
which, as usual, were promptly paid.
The Lottery of the Beneficencia Publlca
Company is the only one guaranteed and
protected by the Mexican National Gov
ernment; its drawings are held in public
under the supervision and inspection of
Government officials, the Mexican Govern
ment appointing: Dr. Gregoria Orlve, who
ects for the Treasury Department, and
Apolinar Castillo. Intervenor; therefore
everybody is assured of the honest and
square dealings of the old reliable Lot
tery of the Benefleencia Publlca. Com
pany of the City of Mexico, of which/ U.
S&ssettl is president tad manager, „
Extraordinary Luck of a Los Angeles
Investor.
HE WON $63,OOO.
Police Are Notified That John Dick,
Run Over October 12, Died -on
Thursday.
Captain Splllane, In charge of the south
ern district, ordered last night the arrest
of M. G. Cottrell, a teamster, on a charge
of manslaughter. /On October 12 Cottrell,
while driving a truck, ran over John Dick
at the corner of Third and Howard
streets. Dick was removed to the City
and County Hospital, where he died on
last Thursday.
. The police were not notified until to-day
that the old man was dead. Cottrell had
previously been charged with battery and
was to have been tried in the Police Court
this morning. Cottrell was not aware of
Dick's death until he was placed under
arrest by Policeman Orr for the second
time.
TEAMSTER CHARGED
\ V WITH MANSLAUGHTER
Captain Emery 'was taken down •with
pneumonia at his home. 1S14 Scott street,
and when - complications set in was re '
moved to the hospital. He has gradually
sank ever- since. In the early days ho
was well ' known : to the old timers as • a
British? captain.; but he changed his fla™
and sailed ¦ under the- Stars and Stripes
for years. Then he became connected
with the late Captain J. M.'Shotwell and
under that gentleman's supervision man
aged the Merchants', Exchange for years
When Captain Shotwell died Captain Em
ery took control and is still the active
head of the biggest exchange on the
coast. - '
Captain Frank. Murphy is one of the
best/known of the pilots. There is prob
ably not a ship master that comes to 8an
Francisco ; who does not know Captain
Murphy and every one has a rood word
to say for the ' clever handler of vessels
Captain Murphy was taken sick last week
and moved from his home at 1905 Dupont
street to St. > Mary's, where an operation
was performed.' He is now doing well and
will probably recover. -
Captain H. T. Emery, manager and sec
retary of the Merchants' Exchange, has
been for a week hoverine between life
and , death In St; Luke's Hospital, while
Captain -Frank Murphy, the well-known
pilot, is in i St. Mary*s.lgili
Two of the ; best known men among the
ship owners and master mariners have
come ; to anchor in hospitals, where they
are lying- seriously 111. ' ' TT "
Well-Known Sea Captains
Lying Seriously III in
This City.
SKIPPERS ANCHOR,
IN A HOSPITAL
sang. The eulogy was pronounced by "W.
S. Barnes. The pallbearers were: F. S.
Myrtle. James P. Booth, H. P. Bush. J.
J. Harrison, Charles Ulrich. J. H. Irwln,
M. C. Allen and J. M. Hamilton.
The basement was used as a storeroom
and as a furniture repair shop; also as the
sleeping room of two Chinese employes,
who according to Captain Comstock of the
flre patrol were lighting themselves to bed
with a coal oil lamp. The supposition. Is
that the lamp was overturned or that it
exploded.
Through windows and doors and up the
light well In the rear, the smoke and
flames found easy passage. An alarm was
rung in from box 41 at 11:08 o'clock. "When
the firemen arrived they found that the
flames had broken through the first floor
behind the staircase on the Jones-street
side. Numerous streams of water were
turned on, and the flre, after a stubborn
fight, was confined to a comparatively
small portion of the lower floor. -The prin
cipal damage was to the furniture, the
building being only slightly damaged. Tho
estimate of the loss varied from $2000 to
$4000. About a dozen roomers on the lorrer
floor had to seek accommodations '¦ In
neighboring houses for the night their
rooms being rendered untenable- by reason
of the water, on the floors.
Bells clanged, and people in all stages of
dress and undress did not stop to consider
the requisites of a toilet in a fashionable
boarding house, as they sought the halls
and other exits. The elevator bell was
rung furiously, but that machine was soon
out of running order, as a sheet of flame
and a dense mass of smoke shot up the
shaft from the basement, where the flre
started. •
Guests of the Hotel Sutherland, at the
corner of Butter and Jones streets, had
their expectations of pleasant slumbers
during the night rudely disturbed by an
alarm of fire rung in shortly after 11
o'clock last night. Soon all was in con
fusion and the. hundred or more male and
female lodgers were scurrying 1 around to
secure all their belongings, or at least as
many as they could conveniently carry, as
the halls began to fill with smoke.
Firemen's Good Work- Saves
the Sutherland From
Destruction.
HOTEL GUESTS'
GREAT ALARM
plenishei! the fountain of that stream that
flows from age to age.
Remembering those who had helped
build the church to its present strength,
Dr. Stebbins continues:
Salute John Perry. 9.. G. Sneath, Jacob G.
Jackfon, David Farquharson, L. H. Bonestell,
Charles Bishop. Samuel C. BIgelow. Horace
Davis. Charles G. Hooker, Arthur Smith
Pierre B. Cornwall, Charles A. Fisher. Lovell
White. Charles Webb Howard, William Hardy,
W. H. Mills. Charles Gorham, Mark Sheldon.
George A. Moore, Charles A. Murdock, David
M. Richards. James I>. Bailey. R. E. Hough
ton, Frank J. Symmes, Edgar J. Bowen. John
McMullen, George R. Spinney. Sheldon G.
Kellogg, Alex Ellis, H. H. Wood, W. W. Mon-
: tague. Dr. Henry Gibbons, Louis Lisser and
the host of men whose names cannot be wrlt
1 ten, besides noble women without number, on
whom be honor and blessing ever more.
/ ¦ HORATIO STEBBINS.
The congregation answered Dr. Stebbins'
' letter by wire. The dispatch was as fol
\ lows: "i - .
[ The First Unitarian Church of San Fran
> Cisco, in congregation assembled on its fiftieth
¦ anniversary, sends cordial greetings and best
• wishes to its beloved pastor emeritus. May
1 the Lord bless thee and keep thee.
\ Toward the close of the service the Rev.
, Bradford Leavitt made a short address.
¦ He said:
If I were to add anything more than a few
sentences to what has already been said I
mljfht make you suspect that this solemn oc-'
casion was to be continued until the fiftieth
and the one hundredth anniversaries were
merged in cne. Let us go from thU church
from Sunday to Sunday and try to actively ap
ply more of our praying Rnd preaching. Let us
take our beliefs and light them and carry
them as a torch for some one stumbling and
falling in darkness.
You have done well In. the past; perhaps no
church has a nobler history. No minister
could come into a truer succession than that
of this church. Let us pledge ourselves anew
at this time to our great cause, and find
again our highest happiness in the worship of
God and the service of man. ; .-¦¦
AN IMMENSE THRONG PARTICIPATED IN THE ANNIVERSARY SERVICES AT THE FIRST UNITARIAN
CHURCH YESTERDAY. ABLE ADDRESSES WERE DELIVERED, THE CHOIR SANG BEAUTIFULLY AND
A LETTER FROM THE REV. HORATIO STEBBINS WAS READ.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art an
nounces the opening of a photographic
salon In the galleries of the institution on
Thursday, January 17, 190L
"The purpose of this salon," says the
circular of announcement, "is to bring to
gether the best examples of the photo
graphic work.. of the day. possessing the
highest degree of artistic merit and pic
torial interest.
•The exhibition will be'glven under the
Joint management of the California Cam
era Club and the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art, and first and second certificates of
merit will be awarded- In each of the fol
lowing classes: Landscapes, marine,
genre, portraiture, still life, animal
studies, architecture and Interiors.
"In addition to these awards Camera
Craft of San Francisco offers a firet and
eecond medal in each of the different
classes, in accordance with the recom
mendation made by a Jury appointed by
the board of directors of the Ban Fran
cisco Art Association."
An executive committee, consisting of
"W. B. Webster (chairman), A. L.' Coombs
TV". 3. Street. A. G. McFarland, E. G.
Eisen, W. J. Platt. J. "W. Erwln and Rob
ert It Fletcher, is In charge of all ar
rangements, and all needed information
can be obtained by addressing the execu
tive committee of the San Francisco Pho
tographic Salon, £19 Market street, San
Francisco.
Says the young artist critic: "The Amer
ican art section at the exposition shows
up wonderfully well. Whistler exhibits
t.iree pictures, all portraits, one of him
eelf, one of Mrs. Whistier. the artist's sis
ter-in-law, and one of a young girl. It Is
Impossible to conceive of anything more
beautiful than the latter one. A small
thins it is, a three-quarter portrait, the
figure leaning against a mantel, the face
reflected in a glass and a spray of azaleas
thrown in for pure joy in the right hand
lower corner. But it is incomparably
above anything modern that 1 have seen
so far, glowing with color, atmosphere
and poetry. It was. however, with the
portrait of himself that Whistler took the
Grand Prix. Marvelously handled is the
latter, but my feeling is that it is too
colorless, almost In monotone, and a little
reminiscent of the well known Nicholson.
X'O^ter sketch of the artist.
"Sargent is another eplendid figure, tre
mendously vigorous and daringly colorful.
He is so magnificently sure of himself.
N'o beating about the bush apparently,
though of course that Is simply the height
of art — the concealment of effort. Neither
Cartlus Duran nor Benjamin Constant
can touch him in the matter of portrait
painting, which is a daring thing to say.
but fully true. 1 think. The picture of
'Romoia,' by Sarah Seers — •which was en
graved on wood for the Century's 'Ameri
can Artists Series'— is hung near the
Whistlers, and even in such high com
pany looks excellently well."
The American school of sculpture comes
in only a fair second from the French
school of the day, which is incomparably
above the rest of the world, and which. I
think, will be placed in the future per
haps even with the great Greek period.
There are thiee very great men — Rodin.
Bartholdi ar.d Fremiet. Rodin Is Intensely
human, realistic; Bartholdy is serene but
comber and Fremiet combines grace with
vigor. Our Americans — MacMonnJes, Bart
lett and Barnard — are all conscientious
end fine workmen, but the quality of
greatness is not theirs. Kuhne Beverldge,
a. San Francisco girl, has an amusing re
clining creature, whom she labels a "Ve
nus." and T>ouglas Tllden's "Footballers"
«xe here.
From Paris this week come some Inter
esting notes cf the American art section
at the exposition, with so*e distinctly en
couraging comparisons between the
Frtncn and American painters there rep
resented.
Friday the gallery was thrown open to
the public and the pictures will be on
view until Saturday, October 27.
The ICahl collection, or the three repre
sented JCahl, Lodtmann and Kip. is the
moat extensive and possibly the most im
portant, including as it does a couple of
Veroneses, a Rubens, a Wouvermans, \ an
l>yck. Poussin, Ajnton Moro. Leonardo da
Vinci. BeUini— in all forty-live old mas
ters of veil-attested genuineness. Other
celebrated names represented m the exhi
bition iire David, j. h. Copley. Greuze,
Van Ruysdael. Andre Van Loo. Corot,
2i<.-ij;ljra.ji«ii. Bartolommeo and Pen.nl.
As to tho Lodtmann collection of old
portraits COQSUUns of a small ancestral
gallery of twenty bishops, Burgomeisters.
i>rofctsors and tht-ir aristocratic wives
and daugbiers, a peculiar interest at
taches. to these. The story of the collec
tion is quite a small romance; how they
were brought to California some ten or
fifteen years ago by one of the Lodt
maims; how they were willed to the last
dtpcendant of the family, Mrs. Lodtmsuiu,
a iaundress. llvtng in Alameda, two or
three y»ars ago, and stored by her in an
outhouse in r'ruitvale; how they were
tbt^re discovered in a sadly battered and
forlornly grimy condition oy an employe
of th»? Art Association and by him clean
ed, restored and brought to the attention
of the authorities of the institution, and
how th'.E collection, uameiess. save tor
one example, "Koerner," has set the con
noisseurs guessing as to their authorship.
The catalogue of the collection has this
to say as to the family history of the pic
tures: • ¦
"The Loctmanrs are an ancient family
of Wtr-stphaiia. Ocrmany, tracing their an
cestry back to the ninth century. These
pictures formed part of a collection in the
castle of Steinbruck. at one time the fam
ilv seat, and were brought to California
h\- a. desotiidant some ten or tifteen years
ago. The balance ol the cohectioji is in
the Museum of Osnabruck. With the ex
ception of No. 246. which is by Koernetf,
the artists are unknown. In many cases
the paintings appear to have been cut
down as ;^- wore away the margins, and
H) the artist's name may have disappear
ed. Many of thtm are of considerable
merit, some few are evidently by men of
feeraus and all are cf interest."
Of Quite exceptional Interest Is the loan
exhibition of old paintines of the six
teenth, seventeenth and eighteenth centu
ries now on view at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art. The exhibition opened
on Thursday evening with a. reception to
members, and a large number of associ
ates of the institution enjoyed the privi
lege of a private view of thi3 noteworthy
collection-
and Kew.
Public Is Treated to a Bare Oppor
tunity to Inspect the Produc
tions of Old Masters l^U
Rare Works of Art Now on
View at the Hopkins
Institute.
FINE PAINTINGS
AT THE LOAN
EXHIBITION
A.S Garbarino, P. O'Shea. W. Dawson, I.
Flynn. H. * Spencer. T. O'Hara, M. O'Keefe.
J. Burke, E. Forde, C. Carey, J. Dawson. T.
Howard, J. Petzlnger, A. Soto, J. Weyland,'T.
Carey, P. O'Malley, F. Thornton, F. Flanagan,
J. McMurdo. W.' Smith, J. Reardon. R.
Learned, G. Danlell, J. Messersmith, R. Smith.
F. Hill, J. O'Connor, W. Lane. F. Fallon, R.
Scollln, A. Cameron. J. Ratto, H. 'Goss, S.
Truman, F. Gallaghan, H. Margey, J. Klemen
shlch. A. Andrew. J. Dunne, F. Espel. T.
Walsh, W. Gordon. W. Koran, F. Leahy. C.
Moss. H. * Hope. : W.U Hinlrtey.\ A: O. Galla
srher,W.' Burns.' J. Riordan, C. Thornton. C.
O'Brien,- T. Jordan, R. Durkin, J. Mulreany,
E. Dougherty, P. Schetzel, J, McCann, D.
Donavan, F. Brennan, J.' McCarthy. J. Feeling,
J. Feeling. J. O'Malley, J. Ratto. G. Carroll. J.
Widmore, R.'Lennon. E. Mangan. N. Myer, J.
Dawson,' J.~Radovich. J. • Dlnncen, F. Galli, J.
Harrington, J. Murphy, M. ; Jorss, H. McMa
hon, - L. Kerrigan, ' F. • Hartmanshein, J. Zim
merman/ A." Cook, J. Fallon, W. Baker,' J. Mol
loy, W. Conboy. C. Cullen. , W. Moss, H. Myer.
A.-8teele, W. Gonzales, C. Doherty.-C. Craw
ford.^ J. Lachini, ; E. Field, J. "Wllcox, H. C
Elsenschimel,' C. W. R. , Davis, j F. Hope, K.
Crawford, L. ¦. Mulcahy, A. Dowdall. M. Learned,
M. <y Sullivan. M. Ke«gan, V. Dowdall. L. Tra
cey,- M. . Mullen, A. Fay, A. Flanagan, M. Carey,
A. - French, 3. ¦Warren. A. Dlnneen, E. Mc-
Caffery, M. Pelletier, S.; Kelly. C. Lafferry. L'
Brennan. E. ¦ Ungenfelser. L. Myer.-. M.. Fitz
patrlek. I* Henry. A; Hock. N. O'Connor. M.
Cullen, H. ; Mulreany. M. Gordon, M. McMurdo,
E. McMahon.i M. • Rlley, -i I. Johnson, V. Hogan,
M. Quinn, B.> Pendergast. Is Hill. L. Shafer,
M.'i Baker, j H. ¦¦ pchiedler,- I* Hannon, V. Mc-
Creagh. S. - Marden. F. Field, E. Dasman. i K.
Graff, G. Unfried,-; J. Gllroy. C. McDonald, A.
Byrna, O. , Murphy, - M. ' Gay, M. . Sweeney, E.
Hopper. A. "-, Kllday, L. Ferris, . A. ' Widmore, v K.
Burke, E. McAvoy, Q. Dowdall. ; M. ; Garbarino.
E. ; Walsh,' ; J. ' Donnelly, Q. Donnelly. -. E. Kier
nan,: M.' - Murphy, M. - I"ay, ¦; M. --. Twohig, . M.'
Coyne. • J." Lacy, - M. , Gantner, M. McSwegan.
M. * Gordon, ; N. * Kerrigan,' I. - Fitzpatrlek, • H.
Petzlnger. S. Leonard. • E. Noonan, E. Reardon,
M. Hooper, A. ¦ McCarthy. E. Wllcox. 1*. Ryan,
M. Cou8lna, K. « Powers.- C. ¦ Nell,- B. ¦ Molcahy.
L "> Murphy. • A. - Ijowney, 8. McOowan, O. ' Moss,
M. >! Dlnneen, - M. ; Conlln, A. Lawton, '¦ M." Nor
ton. -E.- McCloskey. M. Hannon. N; Lynch. ; C.
Daley,": M.' , Cpnlin. C. Therein, F. Moran, - M.
Baker." : M. * Unfrled, Q. Norton, * M."* Purlnton.
R. Sweeney. ; E.' Mullen," I.' Gorman.' A. Llngen
felser, M. Franklin, ' M. • Norton, ¦ M. « Burke, N.
Grant, M. Carroll, E. Zimmerman. M. Dough
erty. - R. '•-• Lachlnl. M. * Stewart, i M.' Wllcox. I.
Borden. "i B. * Franklin/: M. - Colllnt, V. « Lachlnl.
E. > Wllcox. * M. i Bolger, R. Le«, N. Burke, I*.
.SnnaAa^jd'A.; .Wandartr* - '.
Previous to the administration of the
rites of •confirmation yesterday at | the
Church of St. Charles Barromeo. Eight
eenth and Shotwel.l streets, mass was cel
ebrated by the Rev. Father E. Looney.
During the saying of mass and while the
sacrament of confirmation was being- ad
ministered the following^ named clergy
men occupied seats within the sanctuary:
Fathers: O'Ryan and Mulligan from St.
Mary's Cathedral, Father Lyons of St.
Peter's,- Father Connolley of St. Paul's
and Father Scanlon of St. Joseph's. At
the conclusion of the first gospel of the
mass the Archbishop delivered a very im
pressive discourse on the duties of the
children about to be confirmed to the
church and to society.
Following are the names of those con
firmed:
Confirmation at St. Charles.
John Aloyslus Murry. Alexander Joseph
Buckley, George Francis Sims. Aldan Aloyslus
Doyle. William James Dolan. James Joseph
Sullivan, John Joseph Raaik, Frank Aloyslus
O'Leary, Frank Oliver Peterson, Joseph
Anthony ;Grlffo;-. Emll Aloyslus Miller. Thomas
Ignatius Hansen, William Tobias Kyne. Jo
seph Patrick Conroy, Martin Aloyslus Tenaney,
William Aloyslus Leach, Frank Aloyslus Gregg,
James Thomas Mulhali, George Stephen Regie,
Jan-es John Long. Edward Tobias Shea. Henry
Anthony Pratt. Edward Patrick Healy, Hugh
F. Aloysius Flynn. John Joseph Buckley.
Frank James Sullivan, Joseph George- Baine.
Walter Bartholomew Brady, Hugh Anthony
Handly, Michael Anthony Roche, Robert Fran
cis McCarthy. James Aloysius Coleman. Wil
liam Joseph Stlenman, Henry Allan Milton.
Martin Joseph Fan-ell, Edward Joseph Dreyer.
Maurlc Ignatius O'Connor, John Richard
Roche, Joseph Matthew Woods, Daniel Francis
Ryan. John Francis McConologue, Peter Joseph
McXulty. John Joseph Theowell, Henry Fran
cis Clarke. Richard Thomas Cullen. George
Thomas Lucey. William Joseph Lucey. Matthew
Peter Gomlls. Richard Joseph Irwln, WllHam
Joseph Savage, Frederick Francis Hcgan. Wil
liam Joseph Schwingle, Anthony Charles Cres
so, Joseph Martin Everson. John Burns, Flor
ence Josenh O'Neill, John Joseph O'Connor,
Leo Paul Marrler, William Aloyslus Hannon,
Edward Aloyslus O'Sullivan, Mark Julius
Smith. Charles ; John Smith, Jeremiah Mar
tinelli. William Irwln. Rose Elizabeth Ryan,
Mary tfabrlel Lunny, Teresa Gabriel Hurley,
Grace Isabel McGovern, Catherine Agnes Calla
trhan Mary Loretto Milton. Mary Ann Mc-
Laughlin. - Anna Gertrude ¦ Kingston. Frances
Josephine Leahy. Elizabeth Mary* Kennedy, An
na Clare McDermctt. Florence Alexis Kelly.
Julia Josephine Blckerstaff, Louise Gabriel
Bicker-staff. Elizabeth Teresa Hagerty, Hariet
Cecelia Campbell, Gertrude Philomena McCar
thy, I^oulse Frances Burgh. Cecelia Elizabeth
Acnew, Adaline Teresa Pratt, Helen Clare
Boyce. Mary Cecelia Murray, Agnes Estelle
Griffin. Margaret Avelllne Kane, Georglana Ag
nes Pratt; Alice Mary Dillon. Julia Madeline
Finn. Ellen Gertrude Tehaney, ' Lydla Marie
Anselem, Mary Rose Gleason, Marsaret Pat
ricia Prunty, Catharine Agnes Mclver. Barbara
Marcella Level!, "Beatrice Eugenia Allen. v Sarah
Marcella- Morgan. Marcella Frances Archer,
Margaret Bernice Ahren. Ellen Mary Rielly.
Lucy Avelllne Burton, Nora Agnes Mulcahy.
Mary Catharine Morlarty, Delia Margaret Cor
deviola. Ellse Clarlsse Deventhal. May Jose
phine Donovan, Edna Veronica Horn, Caroline
Gabriel Bacon, Irene Thelma Creedon, Bridget
Aloysia McGrath. Mary Irene McCarthy, Teresa
Alice Kelly. Margaret Elizabeth Leary, Johan
na Cecelia Fitzpatrlek, Margaret Dorothy Don
ovan, Catharine Frances Hogan. Gertrude
Usula Baxton, Joanna Agnes Fitzgerald, Angela
Gertrude Kujlivan, Rose Dolores McGlnerty,
Mary Anthony Maschio. Catharine Gabriel
O'Mally. Elizabeth Mary Lafterty. Catherine
Eveline Walsh, Mary Loretta Brady, Isabella
Eugenia Tully, Ellen Gertrude Reidy, Ellen
Isabella Stleman, Catharine Aloysia Walsh,
Margaret Veronica Keegan, Elizabeth Dolores
Allen. Ellen Veronica Norton. Annie Agnes
M'.skel, Constance Madeline Rrordon, t Matilda
Madeline Boyd, Catharine Loretta Savage,
Georgiana Dolores licCurdy, Mary Miller,
Teresa Catherine Farrell. Eva Clare Dougherty.
Catherine Mary Antonette Blake. Ella Frances
Archer. . .
The holy sacrament of confirmation, waa
administered yesterday afternoon at St.
Patrick's Church by his Grace Archbishop
Riordan to a class of over three hundred
boys and girls. The ceremony was one of
the most Impressive of its kind ever held
in this city. Rev. Father Cummlngs, pas
tor of the parish, made it a service that
will ever live in the memories of the little
one» that knelt at the* altar and. were
anointed by the Archbishop.
The service commenced at 4 ' clock, bat
long: before the .hour the sacrea edifice
was crowded to the doors by friends of
the ' children, .who devoutly remained tin
the close of the confirmation. At the open
ing processional' the Archbishop entered
the sanctuary. Immediately investing
himself with' a white cope and miter and
receiving his crozler from the, hands of
Rev. Father Mulligan he descended the
steps from »the higa altar and waited for
the children . to kneel before him. The
boys advanced to one side of the commu-,
nion-railand the girls to the other. Eu
gene Lacy stood as sponsor for the boys
and Miss McDermott acted in the same
capacity for the girls. As the last child
returned to his seat his Orace ascended
the pulpit and said in part:
"My dear people and children, this is a
day that should ever be carried Un your
memory. Remember that to-day you have
received a most solemn sacrament and
that you are now enlisted as soldiers of
God. To the parents especially would I
address a few words. iAre you aware of
the great responsibility that is on your
shoulders? You must see that the chil
dren grow to be men and women with the
love of God in their hearts. The most
important duty of both priest and others
outside the church is to see to uie prcper
training of children. ¦ Christ said those
beautiful words, 'Suffer little children to
come unto Me.' So you see, my people,
that the responsibility rests with you.
These little ones belong to God and it
would be a terrible thing for you in your
last days to feel that you had not raised
them in the proper manner.
: The following named children were con
firmed: ;
His Grace Administers the Sacrament
of Confirmation to a Ijarga
Class During the Aft
ernoon.
Archbishop Admonislieis Par
ents in Sermon at
Ol. i all 1th. 3.
URGED TO REAR
THEIR CHILDREN
IN GOD'S LOVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOpA Y, OCTOBEB 22, 1900.
• m
5
THE members of the First Unita
rian Church yesterday celebrated
the fiftieth anniversary of the
founding of the society qpon
the coast. The services com
menced at U o'clock and the
ceremonies were bo extended that It
was nearly 2 p. m. before the immense
congregation was finally dismissed from
the sacred edifice. The church was beau
tifully decorated • for the occasion with
branches, ferns and choice flowers. The
order of service was as follows.
Prelude, "Adaslo." Op. 128, No. S, harp, vio
lin and organ; Doxology, congregation stand
ln" - responsive reading, . minister and people;
eoprano : solo. "Meditation" (Bach-Gounod),
violin, harp and organ; Scripture reading:
prayer; harp molo, '"Reverie" (Carusi) ; Intro
ductory, Frank J. Symmes; letter from Rev.
Horatio Stebblns, D.D., historical sketch, by
Horace Davis; alto solo, "Agnus Del" (Bizet),
violin, harp and organ; "Church Activities."
by Charles A_ Murdock; address. "Denomina
tional Loyalty," by the Rev. George W. Stone;
offertory. "O, Lovely Peace" (Handel) ; ad
dress by the minister, the Rev. Bradford
Leavitt; hymn 49S, written by Samuel Long
fellow; benediction; organ postlude. Sonata
No. 1. finale (Mendelssohn).
The Rev. Dr. Stebbins. former minister
of the church, who is now residing in
Cambridge, Mass., sent a letter to the con
gregation, which was read with much
feeling by the present pastor of the flock,
the Rev. Bradford Leavitt. Ths letter In
part follows:
My Dear Mr. Leavitt: We do well to cele
brate with praise, gratitude and thanksgiving
the half-century anniversary of our church.
It has been a. most honorable and much be
loved Institution, and under God kept alive the
sacred fire kindled by his inspiration and re-
.ATVnTRTTM k'.M'I'H,
COLUMBIAN
THIRD and LAST WEEK.
Tha Oreat WMtaer-Enowles {
QUO VADIS
THE STUPENDOUS SUCCESS t
THE AIX-IMPOSDJO PRODTJCnCXfn
Laat Performanc* Next Saturday Xlfht.
NEXT MONDAY—
"Marriages are not accidents, thoujh thsqr '
may be misfortunes." !
STUART ROBSON
In Augrustus Tboinaa* Masterplec**
OLIVER GOLDSMITH.
The Matchless Cast Include*
John E. Henshaw, Maud 'Whits.
Stephen Grattan. . Jeffreys Lewis. ; . "
H. A. Weaver Sr., Ellen Mortimer.
Beaumont Smith, May Ten Broecfc,
Ogden Stephens. Joseph P. Winter *
James Grant. O. E. llallem.
Burt Waahburn. Clifford Leigh.
And 20 Others.
SEATS- READY THURSDAT——
A REALLY SWELL BILL,
GEORGE EVANS, I*ES FRASET-
TTJES, WOELD AN1> HASTHTQS,
BLANCHE RING, LIZZIE B.
RAYMOND, -EDGAR ATGHISOir-
- ELY, RATTSCHTXT:, TWJLfiT SIS-
TERS HALE,
Last Week of
THE GREAT EVEEEAST.
Reserved Seats 2So: Balcony lOo;
Opera Chair3 and Box Seet.s 60a
MATINEES— Wednesday. Saturday and Saaikf
QRPHEUM THEATER.
TO-MORROW,
TUESDAT AFTKirNOOM. Oct. S3.
GRAND VAUDEVILLE MATINEE
For the benefit of the phUanthropia work ol —
the Social Science- Department Of tha
CL.TJB. •
Under the auspices of the lady mamben.
POWERFUL MIXED ENTERTAINMENT.
Contributed by the best local and foreija
talent.
TICKETS, on sale at tha Orpheom box ofsc«
after 9 o'clock this morning:. 50c; box septs. Jl.
A W^k^fk fijk^/JLWV^mf^rW%^W^^ ¦ I
tt^'* *• '*^ y^ p^ w *^ t *" ** ¦«** ~ KMJtnwnmmWmWTT^
THIS WKUK ON1.T.
HTJNDRED3 TURNED AWAT.
Two Enormous Audiences Testify to th»
Merits of AMERICA'S GREATEST
MINSTREL TRIUMPH,
WM. H. WEST'S
fzjtz Superb Golf
t * 1 ** Parads
MINSTREL To-Dai
JUBILEE !""¦¦¦
On account of the tremendous demand for
¦eats there will bo an EXTRA. MATINEE OM
THURSDAY.
V V . SPBCIALI
WALTER DAMROSCH •
Is EXPLANATORY BECITAL3 AT THS PIA50.
Oct. 31st— "I>AS RHETNGOLIX"
Nov. 2nd— "DIE WALKURE."
Not. 5th— "SIEGFRXEIX"
Nov. 7th— "GOTTERDAMMERTEfQ.**
Season sale now on. Sale of starts "**¦
opens THURSDAT MORNEJa Oct. t5th.
Prices— Season. »5 and $3.50; aXngl* resarre<l
seats 11.50. II. 75o and 50c
•TIVQLI*
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIOHT! TO-NTOHTt '
Wednesday, Friday Eventnca, Saturday •
Ma tinea.
"LA GIOCONDA."
SIONORINA EARBARESCm-SIONOR |
CASTELLANO.
Ferrari. Xlcollnl. Lucentl. Poletlni. Oraham.
"CARiEN."
Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday. Sunday Nl*ht«.
The Great Diva COLLAilARIXI as "Cinara."'
Russo, Ealassa. Repettov Klcollni,
Schuster, etc i
POPULAR PRICES-So and BOo
SFECIAIr— Next THUKSDAT Afternoon a* J|
GRAND STMPHONT CONCERT
Direction of
MAX HIRSHFELD ORCHESTRA OF IX
A Superb Programme "Will Be Presented.
Seats on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.. and
Tlvoll box of Hce. Prices. 75c. %U Jl 50.
ALF. ELX.IXGHOUSE Prop, and Manaarer
PHONE SOUTH .....T70
EVERT EVENING THIS WJ3KTT,
MATINEE SATfRDAT.
"BREAKING ALi. PAST RECORI>3.~
THE SAME TRUTHFUL STORT PREVAILS.
The Great Farce Comedy.
BROWN'S
"v TOWN!
"With the Original Company.
POPULAR PRICES:
EVENING lSe. 25c. S5c. SOo and T5«
MATINEE .15c. 25c, 3Se and 50o
Next Sunday Afternoon
gS^^KlNfi OF THE OPIUM RIN6
TO-NIGHT- f ' I1 5ffl! l £ liWB
Howard Hairs Romantic- Dram*.
A Soldier of
the Empire !
ELEGANT NEW SCENERT. • \
SEATS-lSc. So. JSo. 80a 2
MA.TINEB SATURDAY *ad SUXDAT. 1
NEH WEEK— NORTHERN LIGHTS.
GHUTES^AND ZOO
EVERT A1TTERNOON AND EVENlXCk I
"HESDEBSOU ANT> HVKKfl, ETJIfT A
DAVENPOBT, WISE AND MUr-
TON, CLAIRE FEX, AZAHA,
ISENE AND BEATBICE, NEW.
MOVTNG PICTTJBES.
THE CONGO FAMILY,
AQUATIC SPORTSJft THE LAKE.
Telephone for Seats— Park JX
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
OPEN DAILT FROM 7 A. M. to U P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:» P. it
AMIS5ION 10c. CHTLDKEN So.
Bathlnir. Including Admission,' Z5c: Children, JOo.
ON AND AFTER MONDAT. OCT. », 1300,
XHB SUTBO BATH3 CLOSS AT • P. ll»"'-
.vlf ,you .want to -vot« for. an honest, able,
energetic candidate; vote for M. • C Sloss
for superior Judf a,v f ; • ,
t/^a/^^fyln^
Mado of choicest materials by the Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Ass'n. Is • the great food-
drink for the feeble and convalescent, assimil-
able by the weakest stomach. For, sale by all
druseUts. ; ( ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33. .
(.lEBINBAUM
222-224 SUTTER ST.
The buying public knows that no
imitations or articles with spurious
labels are sold at "Lebenbaum's."
New goods arriving daily.
, .¦*, ;-.;-. ¦
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Humboldt Batter, cSJS'eV 45c square
It la the beat. Elaewher* 60c r
Tea, AUt R w e s K . 8 ss s c on ' i - Ib 40c
"Wo five you the cholca of 10 varieties.
Catsup. $k*££ bot 15c
Purest and best on the market. Rep. 20c.
Toilet Soap, bJSfrSt... 65c
Roger & Gallet, Paris. Re^. TSa.
Galvanized Water Falls. 30c
Capacity 1* quarts. Best quality.
Deilled Ham, &£&. large tin 15c
Makes a delicious sandwich.
Olive Oil, Cal. " Sa S&4 na> ' bot 75c
None purer; none better. Regr. S3«.
German Lentils, ,«. 3 lbs 25c
Is the genuine Imported.
Spring Salmon, "Chinook" 20c
Regularly 23c. Columbia River; thti
season's catch. f
Wood Coat Hangers, reg. (Qc 5c
K9epsyou1clotb.es In shape.' 00Z OOC
Rye Whiskey, 11 Hermitage," 1889
Reg.»ij50bot. , bOt $1.15
Re*. 13 00 sal. g3l $4-50
Scotci Whiskey 5 years old, bet $1.03
10 years old, bot $1.25
Roeswick blend, the most famous ot
Highland Whiskies. Res. $1.25 and $1.50.
'•la lillriol " " Clirars are the
L3 MUilBl smoker's delight.
Most people drink filSllZl uGST
Country orders solicited. Catalogue
free.
Delicious ! !
are the articles cooked with
«Ko=Nut"
A Pure Sterilized Cocoa-
nut Fat.
. Absolutely free from ani-
mal matter.
For Shortening and
Frying.
Ask your grocer, or write
In v dia Refining Co.,
/
Philadelphia.
' f jfXu9^Li*~ M A\ i fm I— i mC* 29 «2^
Our $5.00 Plates
|^^^^^ DR. K. I! WALSH.
tfljLS TiP^ S15% GEIART STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telepnone Polk 1135. :
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The beat evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occatlon have made them tbelr head-
quarters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one < management oa th»
American «nd European plan.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and ¦troni
men and women stronger. Rooms S and f.ii
Post st, San Francisco. Cal.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analagous complaints of thj
Organs of Generation.
Price II a bottle. For sale by druggists.
AMT7SEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Matinees - Saturday and Sunday.
THIS EVENING. ,
Victorlen Sardon's Masterpiece,
MME. SANS GENE.
T. DANIEL FRA"WLET as NAPOLEON.
(His first appearance this season.)
MART VAN BUREN as MMB. SANS GENEv
EVENING PRICES lOc. 15c. 25o, OOo.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 75c
MATINEE PRICES. 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c-
Branch Ticket Offloe— Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAURICE GRAD OPERA CO.
From the Metropolitan Opera-house, New York.
Beginning Nov. 12th at
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSB.
SALE OF SUBSCRIPTION SEATS begin*
THURSDAY next. October 25th, at Shtrman.
Clay & Co"a. . ¦ ' " ' .
Prices for Season of 20 Performances:
Orchestra' and Press Circle...... flOO
Back Rows of Orchestra. „. go
Family Circle .;..... _... 80
Gallery .....: to
Proscenium Boxes, seating 6 $1000 and 700
Orchestra Loges MOO and 000
Balcony Boxes (Palcoa) seating i, %ZQQ;
seating 5. J600: seating «.. too
' Applications for Boxes should b« Immediately
addressed - to MR. ALFRED BOUVTER.
GRAND OPERA HOUSED TT
Single Night Sale Open* November T,
iPrlca -,.|t to gf
GRAND FLOgAt EXHIBIT.
CALIFORNIA STATEj-LORAL SOCIEH
SHERMAN, CLAY 4 CO.'S HALL,
„:--/ 123 BUTTER STREET.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
October tS. 26. 27 (Pay and Evening).
" ¦ '.^ . . .--.- . ¦
FISCHER'S concert house.
r lOVniiA O Admission 10c.
. Beatrice - Franco, Jora Torres i Ovando, Lu-
nette, . Antonio Vartraa, ; Nellla O'Roorke, the
Leons and New Movinr Pictures.
Reoerred Beat*, 25c; Hatlneo ' Sunday.AVERAGES OF THE BATTERS
AND THE LEAGUE TEAMS
Here pfe some baseball averages compiled by Official Scorer J. W. Staple
ton. Every batsman in the California League is accounted for. In the team field
ing Stockton leads, in team batting the local team.
TEAM FIELDING.
TEAM BATTTXG.
NEW .YORK. Oct.- 2L-Archle Mc-
Eachern ; won ; the. 23-mll* professional bl-
Sl^V*? 0 ? l P e Va j Us burR track.'New
arl^N. J.. to-day before 6000 spectators.
iffcEachern Wins.
NEW YORK. Oct. a.— Dennis Horpan,
the Irish champion shot-putter, com
peted in the open shot-putting: contest at
i?"-^? 1 athle «e meet of • the Star and
Bartholomew A thletie clubs to-day and
established a new American, record for
the event of 47 feetx 4% inches. The for
mer American record was 47 -feet; made
?/ VS^i .. r J * T ?Z at c^c?ago :on September
Establishes New Eecord.
At the San Francisco handball courts
yesterday the following games were
played:
J. Manning and T. Finn n 21 21
S. Garvey and T. McManus \\ j,o IS
T. Serres and J. Glynn 'jl 21 »> IS 21
W. Johnson and G. Green 13 17 21 11 13
W. Williams and D. Connelly 21 21 21
M. Joyce and G. Hutchlnson 19 15 13
1
J. R. Bockman and I* Water
man 21 19 21 20 21
I>. J. Sheehaa and K. Lynca.. 13 21 18 21 1»
P. Basch and E. MrOlnty .» 21 21 21
Martin Levy and M. Berwln ;.. 20 13 12
JC. -White and W. Fisher 21 21 20 13 21
P. Ryan and O. B. Hay ward.. 1« 13 21 21 17
H. J. Ro*ers and E. J. Murphy.. 21 19 21 21
R. Longrabach and TV. Walsh..... 15 21 is is
A. Tobln and W. Johnson « u tt
C. Lakin and A. Whlteman..-...:::": 15 21 17
J.^ Collins. i and E. Curler 19 13 a S 19
J". Haflow „ tl 1« 91
R. Linenaa "!.!"."!!!I!IIII i a S
Handball Games.
Captain Fred Kuhnla led tn* 22-rtfia
shooters with some very fine shooting,
making two scores within one point of
the club's record. A. H. Pape led with the
fine rifle. Ed Hovey with the pistol and
Young with the military rifle. Scores, Co
lumbia target:
I Rifle, back medal— A. H. Pape. 43, SI; Dr.
Henry TrasJc. 1C6. 119. 153: O. XV. Hoa4l«»y, 73.
Military rifle medal. Cre«dmoor count-P. O.
Touns. *i. 46. 45. 45. 44, 44; A. H. Pape, 4T. 47,
45, 44, 43. rT^iVyj*?"??. .
Pistol, 10 yards, back scores— A. H. Pape (r»
rolver) 55. 80. 98; O. Hoadley, e4.
Pistol, medal, all comers— Ed Hovey. 49. 87:
V Becker, 53, 63, 59. 60. 61. «1: F. O. Young:. 53.
U. «1* Dr. J. F. Twist. 57. 71. 73; O. Hoadley.
59, go {2. 62. 72. •
All' comers. Twist revolver medal. 50 yards—
F. O. Youn*. 37. or 3.7-Inch ring average (which
is 97 out of a possible 100 on the standard Amer
ican target). 48.TB. 60. «4. K; C. M, Daiss, C.
46, 4S, 51. 64, 64, 62. 72.
All comer* 22 and 13 rlft>. medals. SO yards-
Captain Fred Knhnle. 17. 17. 19. 20. 20. 20. 21. n.
21. 24, 24. 26: Ed Hovey. 20; Dr. Twist. 33. S2. 35.
Captain Kuhnle's »hootlnir was the beat average
work ever done at 50 yards, off hand, with a
22-callber rifle, »nd the captain Is In his sixty
flfth year. In ten consecutive shots he mad*
i 20G. Each shot averaged 1 3-100 Inches from dead
¦ center.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club shot
at Harbor View yesterday. F. O. Young
broke the club's record with the revolver
for ten shots, all his shots but one b«lng
in the five-inch ring, and that only half
an Inch off. Ho made a run of thirty-two
shots in the eight-incb circle. C. M. Dalss
was close alter him with the fine score
of 42. Both Daiss and Young beat
the club's revolver record lor tho ten beat
scores on the re-entry match.
Revolver, Pistol and
Rifle lien.
GREAT SHOOTING ON
C0LT7MBIA RANGES
Records Broken by the Enthusiastic!
The California Schuetzen Club -*ctlon
saw some good shooting. The following
are the scores in the bullseye shoot: Cap
tain Kuhls 151, D. McLaughlin 351, A.
Gehret 596, J. L. Utschig 1071, R. Finking
1101. O. Bremer 798. L> C. Babln 874, C.
Henderson 559, F. A. Schrumpf 620, A.
Bertleson 1233. C. Meyer 971. D. B. Fak
tor 1148, A. Rahwyler 954, A. Schwarke
2896. J. Tammeyer 1075, C. Sagehorn 817,
A. Utschig 1151. H. Schroder 1116. T. J.
Carroll 1343, J. C. Waller 1888, C. J. Wal
den 2016, J. Horstman 2327. >. Schmld 23S3.
Philip Jacoby 2484. Cadets— H. Becker
2015. W. Werne 3000.
The San Francisco Turners' bullseye
shoot resulted as follows. Cadet B. Jo
nas scoring the best bullseye ever made
at the park: G. Tammeyer 165. F.- Klatzl
404. R. Finking 430. C. Sagehorn 6S3. C.
Nellson 814. W. Nolden 936, A. Utschig 952.
P. Jacoby. 1173. O. Burmeister 1307, A.
Schrumpf 1355. Captain Attlnger 1341, Cor
poral B. Jonas 34, W. Staub 1S47. For Oc
tober—R. Finking 453. F. Klatzl 667. A.
Utschig 9S6, F. Coramer 1147. G. Tam
meyer 1166, C. Sagehorn 1185, C. Nellson
1503, O. Burmeister 1609. F. Attinger 1S79.
Corporals— W. Straub 1256. G. Bruckel 1434
B. Jonas 1679. F. Kruckel 2150. ¦
"The Marln County Schuetzen Club sec
tion also had some good shooting. John
Jones made a splendid bullseye and car
ried off the honors. The shoot resulted in
the following winners: John Jones C. J.
Walden, G. Kohlhoff. Frank Rtede
The bullseye shoot in the same section
resulted in the following order: A. Van
Wyl. Joseph Furrer, Charles Gut. O. Im
dorf, A. Gehret; A. Hinkermann. Theodore
Gimmen, G. R. Hauser. \
The medal shoot in the San Francisco
Grutli shooting section was as fol
lows: Champion class, G. R. Hauser. 411:
first class. A. Hlnkermann. 396: second
class, Theodore Gimmen, 353; third class,
James Furrer, 340; last best shot, A. HJn
kermann. 25. * . -"
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 21.— A large crowd
gathered at Schuetzen Park to-day. The
weather was fine and some good snooting
was done on the ranges by members of
all the clubs. A. Utschig made a remark
able run of 17 bullseyes out of 20.
Day Peppering the
Targets.
SHOOTING ON THE
SAN RAFAEL RANGES
German Societies Put In a Busy
"¦ Narcissus . won the Consolation Stake
with Bohe runner up. Bohe -was s a - fa
vorite in the . final and led for • a long
d.stance » from the slips. Narcissus drew
past for the first five points. Bohe was
placed for two and the, winner scored an
other, as the hare escaped., Fiery Face
did good work and looked a winner, but
lost a short course to Narcissus.
. Red Angus did great work for a young
ster In the big stake. He was a favorite
against Rude Awakening, but in a long
run inexperience counted against, him.
Rude Awakening came within an ace of
the- final. After, beating Angus he went
agrainst • the great , Beacon and had him
going. The Rosseter: entry, had the inside
and was outworking Curtis'' dog :¦ easily
when he killed short i and put • himself
out. He will." if given a chance, show
among the top notchers, ¦ .
Union Park never held so large a crowd
nor furnished a greater card of coursing
than that of yesterday. Standing room
was at a premium to the extent that me
iron pipes which were erected for. awn
ing supports In anticipation ' of rain were
taken down to give. the vast assemblage
more room. The veteran John Grace, pre
mier judge of America, was at his best
and the slipping of James Grace could not
be equaled. The idea of having the big
stake run off at this season originated
wlth'J. H. Rosseter and. under his direc
tion the affair was brought to a success
ful conclusion;
Up went the red flag, announcing the
fact that the stake favorite Beacon would
have to be content with second place in
the great coursing event, and cheer after
cheer showed that -the victory of Sacra
mento Boy was a popular one. Time; 1:43.
Too much credit cannot be given to the
winner of the great event. He was led
by his opponent in every course, but it
must be admitted he is a game and clever
greyhound. In the rundown on Saturday
he showed he 'was willing to stay, awhile
and went a hard route against Sir Pasha.
The latter just led to the turn and when
once in the Boy proved he was the better
dog at all points. This course went' over
the limit and many found excuses to play
away from yesterday's winner on that ac
count. Whenever he got on the game yes
terday he managed to run up a bunch of
points, and even fast Palo Alto failed to
score when the Boy commenced to work.
While the does were at their closest
work the threatening fog lifted from the
lower end of the held an'd the immense
throng of spectators gained a splendid
view of the rapid exchanges.
It was here that the excitement took a
strong hold and the cheers of the crowd
could be heard a mile away. When Sac
ramento Boy showed to advantage and
kept up his great work even those who
were not financially interested in the re
sult lost all control and urged him on..
Then down past the grand stand went the
two great coursers with the up-river dog
in the lead, working in and out close up.
Suddenly, with a cuick movement, the
Boy snapped up the hare, tripping it for
Beacon to kill, leaving the score 21 to 15
in favor of Sacramento Boy.
Beacon, the great blue dog, whose speed
no one can question, was more than a
little lucky in getting easy" hares and
short courses in the early rounds. of the
stake. When the dogs went to the slips
for the all-important deciding course Cur
tis' fast one was a 5 to 2 favorite. Slipper
James ' ( Grace sent them away after a
strong hare. The blue dog shot to the
front and did the better part of the Bcor
ing at first. Once in, however, Sacramen
to Boy showed all kinds of cleverness and
kept the hare within a few short inches,
working on the game bo closely that he
kept his speedy opponent from nearing
the long-eared representative from Mer
ced plains. The favorite, however, finally
nosed in and made several good points.
? ————————————
THE great event In American
coursing, the John Grace Chal
lenge Cup stake, was brought to a
successful conclusion yesterday at
Union Park. Before the largest
audience in the annals of the sport in this
State, Sacramento Boy, Walsh & Hee
nan's white and fawn dog, by Winged
Foot 'out of Tipperary Lass, and nomi
nated by George Malcolm, capjtured the
big event by beating the pronounced stake
favorite Beacon, by Skyrocket out of
Buenretiro, owned and entered by Curtis
& Sons.
Leashmen who have been followers of
the ancient sport for many years declared (
that a prettier or more exciting deciding
course had never been run on any field.
THE SIXTH RENEWAL OF THE JOHN GRACE CHALLENGE CUP STAKE YESTERDAY AT UNION COURSING
PARK PROVIDED THE GREATEST DAY'S SPORT WITH THE LEASH EVER WITNESSED IN AMERICA.
THE VICTORY OF SACRAMENTO BOY WAS A POPULAR ONE AND WAS A CLEVER PERFORMANCE. .
(Union Park, Sund ay, October 21, 1900.)
CALL'S FORM CHART FOR JOHN GRACE CUP.
The .Greenebaum. Weil & Michels base
ball, team won an easy game of seven in
nings from the Schmulians yesterday
morning at Recreation Park. The score
was 18 to 10. The G., W. & M.'s are ready
to meet any baseball team tin the city the
members of which are all employes of any
one commercial house* Addrerr all com
munications, to E.H. Coleman. 17 and 19
Sansome street, care of Greenebaum., Weil
& Michel*. . . - -
Companies D and I of the Leajrue of the
Cross Cadets played a! match -game, yes
terday at the Sixteenth
streets grounds., the former winninr by a
score of 6 to 4. ' .
Other Games.
Runs responsible for Harper 1. Fltzpatrick 1.
Two-base hits— Reilly, Hildebrand. Stolen bases
— McOucken, Mcllale. First base on balls-
San Francisco 3. Stockton 3. Struck out— By
Harper 2, by Fitxpatrick 1. Double plays—
Sthwartx to Kruj? to Pabst: Babbitt to Strelb.
Wild pitch— Fitrpatrick. Time of jrsjne— 1 :Ii
Umpire — Hughey Smith. Scorer— A. H. Harlln.
SUMMARY.
Stockton ; 1 2 3 0 0 0 0 1—7
Base hit«... 0 12 0 0 11 1— «
San Francisco 1 0 0 0 0 10 O—2
Base hits 2 0 111 10 0—6
Totals 29 2 « 0 ' 24 11 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. :
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Muller. c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hildebrand, r. f 3 110 2 0 0
Krue. b. e.... 2 1 1 0 3 2 1
Pabst, lb 4 0 1 0 11 0 1
Schwartz. 5b 4 0 10 12 0
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 0 2 3 0
Levy. 1. f .-;.7 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Reilly. 3b...... 3 0 10 3 10
Fitzpatrick, p ~3 0 10 0 3 0
Totals 25 7 5 4 24 8 , "0
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
McGucken, c. f 4 1 10 8 0 0
Moore. 3b 3 2 0 0 2 10
Ptreib. lb 3 3 t 0 8 0 0
Mcllale. r. f 2 0 2 2 2 0 0
Graham, c 3 10 13 10
Babbitt, s. s 3 0 0 0 1 10
Courtney. 2b 3 0 1 0 2 3 0
Harper, p 10 0 10 3 0
Runs responsible for — I burg 3. Three-base hit
Moore. Two-base hits— McCarthy. LeVy. Stolen
bases— McCarthy. Graham <2). Babbitt. First
ha*e on balls— Stockton 3, San Francisco L
Struck out— By Iburt? 2. by Johnson 1. Double
play— Reilly to Pabst. Time of rame— 1:40.
Umpire— Huehey Smith. Scorer— A. H. Harlln.
Score of second same:
STOCKTON. \
SUMMARY.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Muller. c. f 4 0 10 10 0
Hildebrand. r. f 4 0 \0 0 1 0 0
KruK, s. E 4 110 2 2 0
Pabst. lb 3 0 1 0 13 1 1
Schwartz. 2b 3 0 0 0 12 2
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
I^evy. I. f 4 0 3 0 3 0 ,' 1
Keilly. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Iburs. p 3 0 1 0 2 3 0
Totals .3 1 7 0 27 13 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.'
Stockton 0 03302000— 8
Base hits 1 12 3 2 10 1 0— 11
San Francisco 0 0000000 1—1
Base hits.. 1 1201000 2— ?
Totals 36 8 11 4 27 '14 1
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. Sn. PO. A. K.
McCarthy. I. t 5 13 0 3 0 0
McGucken, c. f 4 1 0 0 4 0 0
Moor*. 3b S 1 2 0 2 3 0
Ptrclb. lb 5 0 3 0 10 0 0
Mcllale. r. f 3 0 0 2 0 0 0
Graham, c 5 10 0 110
Babbitt. -s. b 5 11 0 3 2 1
Courtney. 2b 2 2 10 4 3 0
Johnson, p 2 112 0 4 0
STOCKTON*.
STOCKTOIC, Oct. 21.— Stockton gave
San Francisco a. double drubblnp at
fJoodwater Grove to-day. The score in
the first game was S to 1 and in the second
game 7 to 2. -The second game was
stopped at the end of xhe eightn inning on
account of darkness.
Score of the first game:
Uncle Hank Down the Ladder.
Two Defeats by the Millers Send
Hardle. r. f 3 12 0 0 0 0
Totals 36 5 13 0 27 12 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. U. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. p 4O200J0
Sheehan. 3 b 3 0 2 0 2 2 0
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 4 10
Eaean, B. s 4 0 0 0 111
Uoyle-. r. f 3 1 0 0 00 0
McLaughlin, 1. f.... 4 0 0 0 4 10
Hanlon. 1 b 2 0 1 0 S 0.0
Hughes, c. f 3 1 1. 0 Z4 0 0
Stultz, 2 b 3 0 10 2 3, 0
Totals 30 2 7 0 24 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BY IXNTNGS.
Sacramento 0 00000020— : 2
Base Hits 1 01101030—7
Oakland 0 0100310*— 5
Bas» Hits 0 2 10 2 0 2 1 •— 13
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers 2, Devereaux
5. Home run— Held. First base on errors-
Oakland 1, Sacramento 1. First base on called
balls — Oakland 1, Sacramento 3. Left on bases
—Oakland' 6, Sacramento 4. Struck out— By
Borchers 4, by Devereaux 3. Double • plays—
Bowman to Francks to Hutchinson; Drennan
to Hutchlnson; Francks unassisted: I>ohman
to Arrtllanes. Wild pitches— By Devereaux 1,
by Borchers 1. Time of game — 1 hour and 45
minutes. Umpire— .1. McDonald. Official
scorer— II. S. McFarlln.
STOCKTONTAUS TRIUMPHANT.
\ AB. Tt. BH. SB. rO. A. E.
Drennan, c. t 5 0 2 0 3 11
Francks. a. e 4 0 10 2 2 0
Held, r. f. and 1 b... 3 2 1 0 6 0 1
ArreUanes. 2 b ...4 « 18 4 1 0
Hutchlnson. 1 b 1 0 1 0 4 0 0
B^chert P 4. 1 10 0 10
Bowdu, 1. t 4 0 1 0 2 1 0
Lehman, c 4 0 2 0 6 2 0
telly. 3 b...'. 4 0 1 0 ' i*-f o
They (slaughtered "Red Do'g" Devereaux
in the game on the Oakland grounds yes
terday morning. For an Inning the third
baseman played in the box, without as
much as allowing a Dude to maltreat any
of his curve*. Only in one other inning
did Devereaux repeat hi* good work. In
the sixth the Dudes played all kinds or
pyrotechnics with "Aureole" Devereaux.
Five bits ard three runs were what
clinched the victory for Oakland. -
The Senators were unable to fasten the
calcium on Borchers' curves until the
eighth inning, when he was pummeled
for a trio which let In two runs, Doyle
and Hughes beirn? the plate-crossers. A
home run by Held and three double plays
by the Oakland tossers were the features
of the game, when the smaller-piece
pyrotechnics pet off by the Dudes lay
flowa to rest. The score:
OAKL.AXD.
Oakland 5, Sacramento 2.
MORNING GAME.
ah. a. bh. fb. ro. a. e.
Drennan, e. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Franckis. e. c 3 0 10 5 3 0
Held, lb 4 0 10 9 0 1
Arrellanes, 2b 3 0 0 0 2 4-v.l
Hardie. r. f 4 0 10 10.0
Moskiman. p 4 10 0 110
Bom-man, 1. f 4 0 10 10 0
, I-ohman. 2b & c. 2 0 10 3 11
Kellr. Sb 3 0 10 14 0
Mangerlna, c 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total! 32 1 6 0 2« 13 3
SACRAMEXTO.
AB. R. DH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pwweaax. Sb 4 0 0 10 10
Fheehan. c. t 2 0 0 0 3 0 0
Ftanley, c 5 0 10 6 0 0
Ilajran. B. t 4 0 0 0 3 3 1
IVjie. p 3 12 10 l'='«
Mcl>&ugh!ln. It II 3 0 0 1 0
Hanlon, lb 4 110 8 0 1
Hurhes. r. 1 3 1 1 0 6 0 0
Etultz. 2b > 0 2 1 2 3 0
Totala 31 4 9 3 27 9 2
BCXS AXD inTS BY 1XNIXGS.
Ooklasfl 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0— 1
Base hits 1 0 0 0 10 3 1 6— «
Sacramento 0 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 •— 4
Da« bits i 4201001*— S
ECMitART.
Hun* rwpotwlble for— Mnfklman 3. TTir^«
baee-hltff—Franckn. IIuKhes. Two-base hit—
Lohraan. Sarrlflee hits— McLauKhlin, Dever-
PO.UX. First baf* on errors — Sacramento 2.
Flrrt bare on called balls— Oakland 2. Sacra
mento 6. Left an ba«e»— Oakland 5. Sacramento
JO. Etruck out— By Doyle 2, by Moskiman 3.
Hit by pitcher— Sheehan. Double playg—
Francks to Arrellanea to Held; Moskiman to
Franc k* to Held. Passed ball— Stanley.
Time of came — 5:00. Cmpire — McDonald. Offi
cial Scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
OAKLAND.
Too much dog worked upon Dr. Mos
klman's nerves, and in one, two, three
order the bags were overstocked with
statesmen — Doyle on third, McLaughlin
on second and Hanloa en first. It was
then up to Hughes to do something with
the stick. He did it. The ball cut a
etrealc between left field and center, los
ing Its onward movement when It butted
into the flag pole. A general Senatorial
bag-clearance sale was in order, Hughes
quitting his fast leg-work when thr^e
lourths of the journey was completed. To
make the score an even matter Hughes
crossed the rubber when Stultz hit to
ripht.
The dojr and Hughes' three-bagger won
the game lor the Senators, but Hughes
was not the only "three-baggerer" on the
EroundF. In the first inning Francks did
as much, but he couM rot even score
himself. He died at the plate when Held
rolled an infield ball to short.
It was the seventh Inning that put Oak
land on the board. Moskiman took the
first station en a hit, advanced one on a
parsed ball and scored on Pete Lohnian's
double. Lohnan perished later on at the
plate.
The crowd said the parse was slow and
would not cheer up. Down in the "beer
cage" a rooter charged the Dudos with
being anarchists. This nearly provoked
« riot, until the fanatic explained himself.
He eaid they were such "bum throwerp."
ppace and harmony were soon restored.
the Oakland fan having freed his mind
of certain wise paws on ancient, hair
covered jokes. This was movement num
ber two In the game.
Doyle was too intricate for the Dudes,
so they lost. Moskiman, after the bad
second Inning, showed his best evolutions.
The score:
j^b FOX terrier with a hoodoo black
J I epot on its nose defeated the
sL^mA Dudes yesterday at Recreation
B 1 grounds. This happened in the
V second inrJr.g. when the Sena
torial fanatics let loose a piece of active
Cog flesh on the diamond. They wanted
to show the Brummels that a dog could
display a certain quantum of life and
activity and give the people a run for
their money. It took six Dudes and Jim
McDonald to catch the terrier, whoso
bag-chasing- career was brought to an
end by Held. Then the game went on,
and this is what happened— enough to flx
the. result of the game, a victory for the
Senators. The score was < to L
SACRAMENTO WINS THE ODD
GAME FROM OAKLAND'S TEAM
TEAM STANDING.
"Won Lost Percent y
Sacramento 42 31, .575 i
San. Francisco 4O 33 .526 J
Stockton 35 39 .«l r 7'3 t
Oakland 34 45 .4SO I
THE SAN FR^NC^COicALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1900.
SACRAMENTO BOY WINS JOHN GRACE CHALLENGE CUP
Beats the Speedy Beacon for First Honors in the Great Coursing Event at Union Park in an Exhi
bition Pronounced by Veteran Leashmen the Finest Ever Run on Any Field.
6
NAMES. Gnu. AB. R. BH. SB.
Pace 51 13* 23 81 3T
McHale 25 100 ' 13 30 13
Ea*an 73 273 5S ' 81 24
McGuckcn 38 14<5 23 43 11
Krug 71 27* 47 81 10
Pabst 62 238 44 «•» 22
Hildebrand 73 2S5 &2 81 27
Held 42 143 IS 43 11
Hutchinson 71 K3 4* 73 18
Hanlon 72 273 4? 75 34
Schwartz T4 293 45 80 13
Dfverfaux .'. 88 143 59 63 42
Francks 76 299 43 M 26
Borchcm IS 94 9 25 2
Brockhoff : 74 233 52 77 24
Knell it 42 1 11 l a
P<htneer ; 14 100 13 26 5
Moiiklman 63 237 31 *> 17
Mclaughlin 73 232 «1 73 41
Stanley «8 232 53 63 12
Strelb : 59 224 27 5« 3S
Sheehan 19 40 7 10 5
Doyle 71 273 19 67 16
Arrellanes 51 196 23 4S 10
Sullivan 67 210 37 51 13
Hardle 30 us 10 23 g
Hughes 65 282 29 63 IS
Bevllle .'.... 17 £0 7 12 0
Hammond 24 100 16 24 10
Eflgrer 15 59 6 14 4
Courtney 70 224 17 53 IS
Lockhead 33 145 21 34 14
Dunleavy 33 114 13 25 7
McCarthy. Jack 63 272 34 59 31
Mangerlna 44 135 14 ' 33 6
Levy :.. «9 24« 32 61 13
Shanahan ZS 127 14 2* 7
Drennan , 73 2S4 39 53 20
Rrllly "4 274 34 5« 9
Harper 30 93 » 19 4
Lang« 52 204 17 41 IS
Moore : 73 263 M S3 18
Bowman 35 125 IS 2S 6
Ibursr 49 129 18 24 6
Babbitt 72 247 33 43 34
Fltzpatrlck 35 110 15 20 1
StulU 73 257 23 4S 18
Graham 12 83 9 7 4
Peeples 21 70 « 12 4
Morrow 40 150 II 25 10
McCarthy. Joe IS «1 « 10 0
Pitt 10 38 2 6 t
Whalen 44 135 13 21 14
Dennio 19 62 5 9 1
Pyno 20 78 5 .11 7
StefTant 17 60 3 4 0
}
HR. 3BH. 3BH. SH. Pet.
o 3 I ~ .314
0 0 "3 0 .300
10 3 14 5 .23(1
0 S 3 7 .25*
4 3 15 2 .291
3 4 14 8 .230
0 2 1« " 14 .2RS
J 3 10 4 .281
2 3 12 * .27*
9 1 12 I .274
1 4 11 5 -273
% X 11 • .267
12 4 17 4 .2KT
0 12 1 .26.1
o 6 9 2 .:•;:
0 0 1 1 .263
0 1 S 1 .280
1 3 « 2 .233
3 2 14 3 .230
2 3 » « .230
1 4 5 12 .550
0 0 11 .250
0 1 11 • .245
0 2 11 3 .244
0 2 9 • .243
113 2 .243
2 6 9 1 .240
0 1 S 2 .240
0 0 4 2 .240
0 0 10 .237
1 1 8 8 .235
0 2 10 5 .234
0 3 4 1 .219
0 3 » S .21S
1 0 4 4 .213
1 0 7 13 .207
1 ft 8 3 .204
1 1 11 4 .204
0 1 13 « .314
• 1 1 » .204
0 0 » • .201
0 8 12 9 .201
0 J 4 1 .200
0 0 < 5 .1S3
0 3 10 13 .1.33
2 1 8 4 .131
1 2 4 « .179
0 0 9 t .179
0 0 2 1 .171
0 3 4 « .189
0 0 18 .184
• 0 0 0 .1M
0 1' 4 S .151
0 0 0 3 .145
I 0 0 3 3 .144
0 0 0 5 .080
I I- i I I I
CLVB3. !* i. : Sac
t r I ' t : I ! [*
San Francisco..... 76 2.SB5 394 633 140 .24*
Sacramento 73 $.484 J70 837 23 .2«
Oakland 78 U4» 332 817 181 .23*
Stockton 73 2.413 281 829 228 .215
f I I 1 1
CLUBS. 3 ? S ? §
V: ? j : £
itockton 73 1.921' 939 203 .933
Sacramento 73 1.920 928 234 .924
!an Francisco 76 2.0OO 1.030 «9 .83
)akland 78 | 2.077 1.043 263 .K3
21
Q. '
OB
GREYHOUND.'
MAIN EVENT.
s?
o
3
CONSOLATION
STAKE.
a
3
O
&
c
SECOND ROUND.
FIRST ROUND.
2 iPalo Alto Long lead— race all his way
1 [Golden Russet ;...
16
S
First Foot
Vandal
8
1
5
3
6 Wild Tralee Showed best dog...
2 Hot Foot Made score In mlx-UD. ...'.
g
4
I Narcissus
A bye.
* IFloodfcate L*d well
3 John Doe Killed
3
2
Wedfrewood .......
Mayflower
5
3
5
3
5
o
Sacranvnto Boy....
Hoyal Anne
Leading and scoring &
1 turn and kill ;.
5
3
Sir Pasha
iThe Grafter
4
1
2
5
Master Claire.
Mac's Melody
Close at turn and killed
Just got the turn...:
2
1
Royal Union
Chicago Boy.......
23
5
5
3
5
3
Sara
| Wild Norah
Led well; turn; kill.........................
5
0
! Dewdrop
iTheron
5
0
5
3
5
4
,Hone»ty
Greenhall
Had the score 10 to 1
Killed
10
3
Brutus
Cash
5
0
S
3
4
1
Flying Fox..........
Ireland
His race .all through
Made score in mlx-up ;
8
2
Fiery Face
Kid McCoy-
9
3
3
1
5
3
Luxor ..
Rocker
Led and after even mix-up killed..........
8
5
Warship ..."
Golden Garter
6
4
5
4
1
Slsquoc
Erin
Led and scored first 6 then 2....:
Got in 2 then 1 and kill
7
5
Random Aim
Strayaway
5
4
2
1
6
3
Best Bargain
Annie Hall
Had the speed .*....'.......
After 200 yards seemed to lose sight......
6
3
Crawford Braes...
Sylvanus
8
3
1
2
5
2
Connemara ..........
King Cotton......—.
Scored first 4.............
Turn and kill
4
3
Bone
Roman Athlete....
4
0
5
1
2
1
Mose •••••
Spiteful
Led; did first of work.....;;
In for 2; killed.......
7
6
Nora ..:.....
For Glory •*...
4
0
1
' 4
7
1
Beacon
Twin City Girl
Fast and clever ..'„...
5
0
Tea Rose
Little Sister
5
0
5
3
Rude Awakening...
A bye.
Real Article not fit for the slips;
wrongr during the night.
; went
Harlean Gladys...
Flora McDonald..
5
0
5
2
2
1
Red Angus.........'.
Auckland
Great speed; clever on hare.'....
Killed
8
5
Fine Fire...........
Faithful Lad :.
16
13
5
4
THIRD ROUND.
SECOND ROUND.
3
1
Palo Alto............
Wild Tralee... ......
Did not hesitate. Quick kill
5
0
Narcissus .........
! First Foot.
5
3
4
1
5
2
Sacramento Boy....
Floodgate ..
When once In scored 12 ..........;.......
Led: took first and second turn; out 1
point and kill
12
Sir" Pasha....;
IWedgewood
4
2
7
2
7
2
S
Master Claire.......
Sara .................
Had the speed; turn and kill...............
Favored for a turn..:....
Royal ' Union .... .*. .
Dewdrop ;....
5
4
4
5
4
1
3
5
Honesty
Flying. Fox....
Did clever work when on the game....;.;'.
Led and did first part of work; killed....
9
8
Fiery Face....
Brutus
9
4
1
3
4
5
Slsquoc ..............
iLuxor ......?.
Warship ...........
Random Aim
«
3
3
1
Showed good speed on hard hare...........
Ran like a tired dog; stumbled
5
0
5
2
Connemara .........
Beat Bargain........
Bone ...............
Crawford Braes. . .
5
0
3
1
T
5
Great speed..'.. .' .............'....,..
Kill :
5
2
7
1
Beacon
Mose
INora ...*..........'..
(Tea Rose...........
5
0
Had speed;- 1 turn....................;.......
Killed halfway up the field.................
3
2
Harlean Gladys....
FleryFace
S
0
7
2
2
6
Rude Awakening...
Red Angus..........
Outworked: cleverer. .¦....."...¦.... ...........
Had good speed; ¦, took turn
9
7
THIRD ROUND.
FOURTH ROUND.
1
5
Sacramento Boy.. ..
Palo Alto.....
Joined In; took 7 straight...
Made first 4...
7
4
Narcissus
Sir Pasha..........
12
1
5
4
1
3
Master Claire......'.
Honesty ..............
Flera Face.........
Royal Union.......
6
0
Great exhibition of coursing; even In speed
Score 6-6 when Claire killed...:....:....;.;.
8
6
5
Slsquoc "..........:. '.'.
Connemara ...".; . V. '.
Slsquoo led and beat Connemara out......
Bone ..'..'...'.. .:'!...
|Warshlp ;.'.¦....
2
1
it
4
7
Beacon ...»..,;......
Rude Awakening...
Had close call................'..............-...
Killed too soon; would have won
7
6
IHarlean Gladys...
INora ...............
4
3
FOURTH R'ND.
FIFTH ? ROUND.
5
2
Sacramento Boy...'.
Master^ Claire.......
Narcissus ..........
Fiery Face... ..*...¦.
3
1
5
3
Worked well; scored 10 then 3..............
First S again; score 10-10; hare escaped..
13
10
Beacon ..............
~
Bohe ....".'.....
Harlean Gladys...
10
5
5
'Led first '8: S more; last 2; got In for 4,
then 2; bars escaped.. ..;...........
12
II
2
Slsquoo ..............
FINAL; COURSE.
deciding ¦ course.
Narcissus .........
Bone ...............
6
2
3
S
Sacramento Boy....
Beacon did first work; Boy Joined In; did
¦..,;-. olenty clever work ., so clow to hare
that he kept Beacon out; once in Boy
; mad* ' several -• . points ; .. Boy. ; at finish
again ¦- working hare; tripped it for
"Beacon to- kill...:....... ;......-.
'^i:i:S.\*:4Z\
5
Beacon ,,.,..
21
15
. -- V V . ;'
.............................. .;;....;,/...;..
NAMES. Gnu. AB. R. BH. SB.
Pace 51 13* 23 81 3T
McHale 25 100 ' 13 30 13
Ea*an 73 273 5S ' 81 24
McGuckcn 38 14<5 23 43 11
Krug 71 27* 47 81 10
Pabst 62 238 44 «•» 22
Hildebrand 73 2S5 &2 81 27
Held 42 143 IS 43 11
Hutchinson 71 K3 4* 73 18
Hanlon 72 273 4? 75 34
Schwartz T4 293 45 80 13
Dfverfaux .'. 88 143 59 63 42
Francks 76 299 43 M 26
Borchcm IS 94 9 25 2
Brockhoff : 74 233 52 77 24
Knell it 42 1 11 l a
P<htneer ; 14 100 13 26 5
Moiiklman 63 237 31 *> 17
Mclaughlin 73 232 «1 73 41
Stanley «8 232 53 63 12
Strelb : 59 224 27 5« 3S
Sheehan 19 40 7 10 5
Doyle 71 273 19 67 16
Arrellanes 51 196 23 4S 10
Sullivan 67 210 37 51 13
Hardle 30 us 10 23 g
Hughes 65 282 29 63 IS
Bevllle .'.... 17 £0 7 12 0
Hammond 24 100 16 24 10
Eflgrer 15 59 6 14 4
Courtney 70 224 17 53 IS
Lockhead 33 145 21 34 14
Dunleavy 33 114 13 25 7
McCarthy. Jack 63 272 34 59 31
Mangerlna 44 135 14 ' 33 6
Levy :.. «9 24« 32 61 13
Shanahan ZS 127 14 2* 7
Drennan , 73 2S4 39 53 20
Rrllly "4 274 34 5« 9
Harper 30 93 » 19 4
Lang« 52 204 17 41 IS
Moore : 73 263 M S3 18
Bowman 35 125 IS 2S 6
Ibursr 49 129 18 24 6
Babbitt 72 247 33 43 34
Fltzpatrlck 35 110 15 20 1
StulU 73 257 23 4S 18
Graham 12 83 9 7 4
Peeples 21 70 « 12 4
Morrow 40 150 II 25 10
McCarthy. Joe IS «1 « 10 0
Pitt 10 38 2 6 t
Whalen 44 135 13 21 14
Dennio 19 62 5 9 1
Pyno 20 78 5 .11 7
StefTant 17 60 3 4 0
}
HR. 3BH. 3BH. SH. Pet.
o 3 I ~ .314
0 0 "3 0 .300
10 3 14 5 .23(1
0 S 3 7 .25*
4 3 15 2 .291
3 4 14 8 .230
0 2 1« " 14 .2RS
J 3 10 4 .281
2 3 12 * .27*
9 1 12 I .274
1 4 11 5 -273
% X 11 • .267
12 4 17 4 .2KT
0 12 1 .26.1
o 6 9 2 .:•;:
0 0 1 1 .263
0 1 S 1 .280
1 3 « 2 .233
3 2 14 3 .230
2 3 » « .230
1 4 5 12 .550
0 0 11 .250
0 1 11 • .245
0 2 11 3 .244
0 2 9 • .243
113 2 .243
2 6 9 1 .240
0 1 S 2 .240
0 0 4 2 .240
0 0 10 .237
1 1 8 8 .235
0 2 10 5 .234
0 3 4 1 .219
0 3 » S .21S
1 0 4 4 .213
1 0 7 13 .207
1 ft 8 3 .204
1 1 11 4 .204
0 1 13 « .314
• 1 1 » .204
0 0 » • .201
0 8 12 9 .201
0 J 4 1 .200
0 0 < 5 .1S3
0 3 10 13 .1.33
2 1 8 4 .131
1 2 4 « .179
0 0 9 t .179
0 0 2 1 .171
0 3 4 « .189
0 0 18 .184
• 0 0 0 .1M
0 1' 4 S .151
0 0 0 3 .145
I 0 0 3 3 .144
0 0 0 5 .080
f I I 1 1
CLUBS. 3 ? S ? §
V: ? j : £
itockton 73 1.921' 939 203 .933
Sacramento 73 1.920 928 234 .924
!an Francisco 76 2.0OO 1.030 «9 .83
)akland 78 | 2.077 1.043 263 .K3
I I- i I I I
CLVB3. !* i. : Sac
t r I ' t : I ! [*
San Francisco..... 76 2.SB5 394 633 140 .24*
Sacramento 73 $.484 J70 837 23 .2«
Oakland 78 U4» 332 817 181 .23*
Stockton 73 2.413 281 829 228 .215
21
Q. '
OB
GREYHOUND.'
MAIN EVENT.
s?
o
3
CONSOLATION
STAKE.
a
3
O
&
c
SECOND ROUND.
FIRST ROUND.
2 iPalo Alto Long lead— race all his way
1 [Golden Russet ;...
16
S
First Foot
Vandal
8
1
5
3
6 Wild Tralee Showed best dog...
2 Hot Foot Made score In mlx-UD. ...'.
g
4
I Narcissus
A bye.
* IFloodfcate L*d well
3 John Doe Killed
3
2
Wedfrewood .......
Mayflower
5
3
5
3
5
o
Sacranvnto Boy....
Hoyal Anne
Leading and scoring &
1 turn and kill ;.
5
3
Sir Pasha
iThe Grafter
4
1
2
5
Master Claire.
Mac's Melody
Close at turn and killed
Just got the turn...:
2
1
Royal Union
Chicago Boy.......
23
5
5
3
5
3
Sara
| Wild Norah
Led well; turn; kill.........................
5
0
! Dewdrop
iTheron
5
0
5
3
5
4
,Hone»ty
Greenhall
Had the score 10 to 1
Killed
10
3
Brutus
Cash
5
0
S
3
4
1
Flying Fox..........
Ireland
His race .all through
Made score in mlx-up ;
8
2
Fiery Face
Kid McCoy-
9
3
3
1
5
3
Luxor ..
Rocker
Led and after even mix-up killed..........
8
5
Warship ..."
Golden Garter
6
4
5
4
1
Slsquoc
Erin
Led and scored first 6 then 2....:
Got in 2 then 1 and kill
7
5
Random Aim
Strayaway
5
4
2
1
6
3
Best Bargain
Annie Hall
Had the speed .*....'.......
After 200 yards seemed to lose sight......
6
3
Crawford Braes...
Sylvanus
8
3
1
2
5
2
Connemara ..........
King Cotton......—.
Scored first 4.............
Turn and kill
4
3
Bone
Roman Athlete....
4
0
5
1
2
1
Mose •••••
Spiteful
Led; did first of work.....;;
In for 2; killed.......
7
6
Nora ..:.....
For Glory •*...
4
0
1
' 4
7
1
Beacon
Twin City Girl
Fast and clever ..'„...
5
0
Tea Rose
Little Sister
5
0
5
3
Rude Awakening...
A bye.
Real Article not fit for the slips;
wrongr during the night.
; went
Harlean Gladys...
Flora McDonald..
5
0
5
2
2
1
Red Angus.........'.
Auckland
Great speed; clever on hare.'....
Killed
8
5
Fine Fire...........
Faithful Lad :.
16
13
5
4
THIRD ROUND.
SECOND ROUND.
3
1
Palo Alto............
Wild Tralee... ......
Did not hesitate. Quick kill
5
0
Narcissus .........
! First Foot.
5
3
4
1
5
2
Sacramento Boy....
Floodgate ..
When once In scored 12 ..........;.......
Led: took first and second turn; out 1
point and kill
12
Sir" Pasha....;
IWedgewood
4
2
7
2
7
2
S
Master Claire.......
Sara .................
Had the speed; turn and kill...............
Favored for a turn..:....
Royal ' Union .... .*. .
Dewdrop ;....
5
4
4
5
4
1
3
5
Honesty
Flying. Fox....
Did clever work when on the game....;.;'.
Led and did first part of work; killed....
9
8
Fiery Face....
Brutus
9
4
1
3
4
5
Slsquoc ..............
iLuxor ......?.
Warship ...........
Random Aim
«
3
3
1
Showed good speed on hard hare...........
Ran like a tired dog; stumbled
5
0
5
2
Connemara .........
Beat Bargain........
Bone ...............
Crawford Braes. . .
5
0
3
1
T
5
Great speed..'.. .' .............'....,..
Kill :
5
2
7
1
Beacon
Mose
INora ...*..........'..
(Tea Rose...........
5
0
Had speed;- 1 turn....................;.......
Killed halfway up the field.................
3
2
Harlean Gladys....
FleryFace
S
0
7
2
2
6
Rude Awakening...
Red Angus..........
Outworked: cleverer. .¦....."...¦.... ...........
Had good speed; ¦, took turn
9
7
THIRD ROUND.
FOURTH ROUND.
1
5
Sacramento Boy.. ..
Palo Alto.....
Joined In; took 7 straight...
Made first 4...
7
4
Narcissus
Sir Pasha..........
12
1
5
4
1
3
Master Claire......'.
Honesty ..............
Flera Face.........
Royal Union.......
6
0
Great exhibition of coursing; even In speed
Score 6-6 when Claire killed...:....:....;.;.
8
6
5
Slsquoc "..........:. '.'.
Connemara ...".; . V. '.
Slsquoo led and beat Connemara out......
Bone ..'..'...'.. .:'!...
|Warshlp ;.'.¦....
2
1
it
4
7
Beacon ...»..,;......
Rude Awakening...
Had close call................'..............-...
Killed too soon; would have won
7
6
IHarlean Gladys...
INora ...............
4
3
FOURTH R'ND.
FIFTH ? ROUND.
5
2
Sacramento Boy...'.
Master^ Claire.......
Narcissus ..........
Fiery Face... ..*...¦.
3
1
5
3
Worked well; scored 10 then 3..............
First S again; score 10-10; hare escaped..
13
10
Beacon ..............
~
Bohe ....".'.....
Harlean Gladys...
10
5
5
'Led first '8: S more; last 2; got In for 4,
then 2; bars escaped.. ..;...........
12
II
2
Slsquoo ..............
FINAL; COURSE.
deciding ¦ course.
Narcissus .........
Bone ...............
6
2
3
S
Sacramento Boy....
Beacon did first work; Boy Joined In; did
¦..,;-. olenty clever work ., so clow to hare
that he kept Beacon out; once in Boy
; mad* ' several -• . points ; .. Boy. ; at finish
again ¦- working hare; tripped it for
"Beacon to- kill...:....... ;......-.
'^i:i:S.\*:4Z\
5
Beacon ,,.,..
21
15
. -- V V . ;'
.............................. .;;....;,/...;..Idea All Night "With Broken Jjeg.
OAKLAND. Oct. 2L— John Aglum, a
wanderer, fell from a ladder In a barn at
Fifty-first street and Broadway last night
breaking his right leg. He lay where he fell
until this morning, suffering excruciating
pain. Passers-by beard bis groans and
summoned the poljce. They removed Ag
lum to the Receiving Hospital. He was
attacked with- St. vltus dance while
climbing the ladder and lost his footing.
Footpad 'Cr»3<i Pistol.
OAKLAND, Oct. ZL— Harry • C. Lair,
who lives at 1261 Eighth street. . reported
to the; police to-day that he was held ; up
and robbed of 60 ; cents - at the corner of
Eighth and Linden streets last night at
about i midnight. He ; says ; that a ; single
footpad 1 pointed a revolver in ; his < face
and demanded his money. As he had but
a little, he surrendered quietly a half dol
lar and was allowed to proceed. •
Thrown From a Buggy.
Mrs. "William Nye, her four-year-old
daughter and her * brother-in-law. John
Nye, of Cazadero.' \ were . thrown from "a
buggy at that place yesterday afternoon
and ; all were more or less bruised, ." but
none •. was ; seriously hurt.' Mrs. Nye was
apparently in serious need of medical as
sistance, so she was put aboard the train
that left soon after the accident occurred
and was sent at once to the Harbor Hos
pital. It was .found, however, that she
was suffering principally from - the shock
and that she was badly bruised, but was
otherwise uninjured.
I* A. French and wife of New Tork are
at the Palace.
J. K. Law. an attorney of Merced, Is a
guest at the Lick. -
J. C. Butler, who made a rich strike in
Nome, Is at the California.
JV. H. Post, a merchant of Stockton. Is
at the California with his wife.
A. Carston of Sacramento Is at the Oc
cidental, accompanied by his wife.
"W. J. Berry, the oil magnate of Bakers
field, is at the Lick for a brief stay.
L. R. Prince, a wholesale shoe dealer of
Portland, Or., Is registered at the Grand.
A- B. C. Dohrmann returned yesterday
from his wedding trip with his wife, and
engaged apartments at the California.
W. H. Sherrod, a prominent citizen of
Portland. Or.. Is among the late arrivals
at the Grand.
HATWARDS, Oct. 2X-— Edward Clark,
a well-known young man of this city, af
ter visiting his mother's grave last night
was suddenly seized with a suicidal and
homicidal mania. He cut his own throat
from ear to ear and then attacked a bar
ber and the customer whom the barber
was in the act of shaving. . Only the fact
that he was too weak from the loss of
blood to carry out his designs prevented a
horrible tragedy. He was finally disarmed
and Is now under the care of a doctor.
He is likely to die.
• The murderous outbreak occurred in tho
barber shop of Joseph Marshall la«t even
ing. Manuel Flores was in the barber's
chair being shaved by John Silva. when
Clark rushed into the shop. He picked
up a razor and announced his intention
of cutting his throat. Sllva saw that
Clark was insane and began talking to
him gently, telling him that the razor
that he had picked up was a dull one
and would not do the '¦ work and if he
really wanted to cut his throat he should
take a better instrument. Meanwhile he
was putting all the other razors out of
sight as rapidly as possible. Sllva finally
got the razor away from him and Clark
went out.
The Insane man went to a nearby saloon
and wrote, a note .'.to Deputy , Coroner
Geary, in which he. said he was going to
die and -saying he wanted his brother to
have all of his property.
This did not take long and Clark re
turned to the barber shop, rurhed to one
of the stands and, seizing- a razor
slashed himself across the throat with
out giving the barber an opportunity to
take the weapon away from him.
With the blood streaming from a horri
ble wound Clark made a rush at Silva
announcing that he was going to commit
murder as well as eulcl-'.<-. Sllva dorigcci
around a chair and managed to rnako iilj
escape Into the street. . • /
Meanwhile the position of Manuel Flores
in the chair, with toweling about his neck
and lather on his face, waa not the most
comfortable in the world. Claikha.l^ not
paid any attention to Flores until Sllva
made his escape, when, he turned to gee
who else there might. be upon whom he
could satisfy his murderous desira. >
As he passed the chair In which Flores
was sitting. the latter made a Jump for
him. The very fact that Flores came
from such an unexpected position dazed
Clark. Flores seized the arm that hold
the razor and twisted it so that the
weapon fell from his grasp. Clark had al
ready been weakened by loss of blood, or
Flores would hardly have been able to
overcome him.
It was found that Clark was bleeding
to death, and the crowd that gathered
took him to Dr. Dean's office, where hi3
wounds were dressed. It was found that
he had made a ragged gash from one ear
to the other, but had miraculously escaped
cutting any of the arteries. He was later
taken to his home, where he is hovering
between life and death. ~v
Clark is 26 years of age. A short time
ago his mother died, leaving him a house
and considerable money. Up to the time
of her death be had been a sober and in
dustrious young man. but when she passed
away he told everybody that the only
friend that he had in the world was pone,
and he began drinking heavily. 1 lo kept
this drinking up to such an extent that a
few days ago his father ordered htm away
from home. He left, and took up h«3 resi
dence in the house that had been left him
by his mother. He continued his carous
ing and went from bad to worse, until his
brain gave way under the strain yester
day." ¦ ';•' '¦ ':•. ¦ ¦ , : ¦ ; . : : " .;
During Saturday afternoon he told sev
eral friends that he had no friend In the
world since - his mothers death and that
he was going to kill himself on her grave.
In the eveninpr. Just before the attack in
the barber shop, Clark visited his moth
er's grave in the cemetery. But he, failed
to provide himself wUh anything for car
rying out his threat, bo he was compelled
to return to Hay wards, where he nearly
Bucceedeil In accompl'.^hlng his purpose.
BATTERS DECLARE FOR
SIX WORKING DAYS
Besolutions Adopted at Mass Meeting
and Transmitted to Labor Coun
cil for Final Action.
A general meeting called by the com
mittee on ways and means of the Jour
neyman Bakers' and Confectioners'
Union No. 24 was held at B'nai B'rlth
Hall yesterday morning. Four hundred
members of the craft -were present,, and
after some stirring speeches the union
made a formal declaration in favor of
6lx working days In the week. The reso
lution on the subject, which was adopted
amid great enthusiasm, follows: t
• Resolved. That the working days of the m«m
bers of the Journeyjnen Bakers* Union ihall
constitute* six days a week, not to exceed ten
hours a day for flv« consecutive days durlnr the
week, and thirteen hours on the sixth day. That
the : day of rest for the br*adbakers shall be
Saturday and of the confectioners Sunday, and
to leave an Intermission of not less than thirty
five hours between the close of one week and
the bepinnins of the next week.
- Theodore Molltor. Albert Zerboskl. "WH
lfam .Federlein and William Roppe were
appointed a grievance committee to wait
on the San Francisco Labor. Council and
enlist its aid in obtaining a day of rest
for bakers. and confectioners. A confer
ence will b« . arranged with the Master
Bakers' Association in order to arrive at
an amicable understanding of the ques
tion. ;«aa&psp !< £$*s^5^2$*
Previous to the adoption of the resolu
tion the following offlcera of the Bakers'
and Confectioners'. Union were elected:
:; Emtl Schaerer, president; ' George Stela. • vice
president: Emll e Elshold. treasurer; ¦¦. Marcel
Wllle, corresponding secretary: P. B. Unqulst,
Knsllsh recording secretary: Paul Eichenber
grer, German recordlns secretary. -
A resolution was adopted tendering as
sistance to the bakery-wagon drivers in
their efforts to secure one day of rest
In a weelE.'^Bn|M0niHttB9BMMBsffBBH
HOUSES NEARLY INCTNEBATED.
Three score or more horses In the Occi
dent stable, owned by Lloyd & Brooks,
at the corner of Geary and Polk streets,
narrowly escaped incineration In a fire
that started in the basement, where the
stalls are located, at about 1 o'clock this
morning. Policeman "Walters saw smoke
pouring through a' grating In the side
walk, and turnesd In an alarm. He then
aroused the Bleeping stablemen, and the
work of getting the terrified animals out
of the burning building was begun.
As there was no place in the neighbor
hood where they could be cared for. the
horses were turned loose as soon as they
reached the street, the rescuers beinir
obliged to hurry back for more. Several
horses were badly scorched and a number
nearly smothered by the smoke, but no
deaths resulted.
The Fire Department extinguished the
fire before- the bulldinsr had been serious
ly damaged. The property is owned- by
the Elizabeth Walters estate.
GRIEF-CRAZED MAN RUNS
AMUCK IN A BARBER SHOP
FBATJCTS MUBPHY TALKS
TO A MEETING OF MEN
The Great Teraperanoe Lecturer
Speaks With His Old-Time Wit
and Eloquence.
Frar.cts Murphy, . the noted blue-rlb
bener, addressed a meeting 1 of men In the
T. M. C. A. auditorium yesterday after
r.ocn. He retains all the . wit and elo
quence ar.d pathos of his younger days,
ard had his audience of men now con
vulsed with laughter and now on the
verg-e of tears.
"Jt there is a besetting sin," the speaker
esid. "in this country. It is the shame for
fccr.est labor. Young man, if you have
ambition do not be afraid of work. Do
your best— that is manhood: It is knight
hoDd: It is God's royal aristocracy.
"Oh. this age of aping the rich! Pre
serve your integrity as you would your
mother's honor, and the gates of hell can
r.crt pr-vall against you. What we want
is a revival of honesty, an Increased re
cp^-n for the right.
•Tfcey say That wine Is offered freely
here, but yoa do r.ot have to drink it. Saa
Francisco has slzi abundance of fine drink
ing water. If you will turn your glass
down there is sure to be some man at the
table who will say. That is the bravest
boy la Ban Francisco. I would like to
kr.ow him.' If a man Is true to a vow
rot to take liquor, he will be true every
where.
"Tfce treating habit Is the most per
nicious habit we have. If you must drink
fcr God's sake'eo off by yourself and have
your drink. If a man a.sk* you to take
eoraethlng with him, why don't you ask
him to buy you a pair of suspenders? If
you are going to hold a position of re-
Fponaibllity anywhere in the modern in
lUFtrlal world you muft be sober."
ASRANGING CONVENTION
TO SECURE GOOD BOAD3
President William H. Moore of Na
tional Association Here to Ad
dress Mercantile Bodies.
¦William H. Moore, president of the
I National Association for Good Streets.
! Good Roads and Irrigation, arrived in this
; city yesterday and Is registered at the
; Palace. Mr. Moore is here In the Interest
I of the national congress of the associa
tion, which will be held In Chicago from
: November IS to November 24. He will ad
dress the Chamber of Commerce. Board
j of Trade. Manufacturers* and Producers'
i Association and other mercantile bodiex
' with a view to having them send dele
gates to the Chicago convention. .
The object of the convention Is to form
: ulate plans for an appeal to the next Con
; Kress for funds to carry out public lm-
I provements. Three advance conventions
; will be held. In Los Angeles on October 24,
'¦ Tacoma on October 27 and Denver on
' October 30. at which delegates to Chicago
: •will be selected.
i Mr. Moore states that it Is expected that
• over "UOO delegate? will attend the na
' tlonal congress, which will be addressed
by James Hill, E. P. Ripley. Stuyvesant
| Fish and M. E. Ingalls. all railroad presl
; dents.
Will MOVE TO A3CERICA-
PITTSBURG. Oct. ZL— The Commercial
Gazette to-morrow will say: Seyboid aa4
Dickstod of Shefaeld. Ens., tho largest
manufacturers of crucible steel in Great
Britain, contemplate moving their plant
to the United States.
A site has been optioned near Wheeling;
W. Va., and it is proposed to erect there
on a modern plant coating up-ward of 13.
000,000. which from the first will employ
about 3300 men. Tte object of tha move
is to get into tho American market. Con
stantly Increasing cost of coal in Engiafel
is a prominent factor In ths mova. w
UPHOLDS CAPTAIN EWING.
Pastor Defends and Warmly Praise3
His Memory.
Rev. S. D. Hutsir.piller. pastor of the
Central Methodist Episcopal Church,
spoke at the service last night of Captain
Elmore E. Ewing, the member of his con
gregation who committed suicide Friday
night. He spoke with Intense feeling, and
the breathless silence of his auditors
showed how deeplv the tragedy had
touched them. The pastor said:
"Captain Ewir.g was a man who in the
church had the love, confidence and re
spect of ever}' one. and who. though lying
mute and helpless under whatever criti
cism may be offered now. still has the
fullest love and confidence of every one
who knew him In this church.
"That noble form the victim of disease,
and, as I believe before God. of Insanity,
the result of disease — that form shall lie
to-morrow under a wreath, the token of
the esteem of his official associates In the
church.
"To me tho burden of sadness of It all
Is not that the poor, tired man is aslee;>—
the burden is that the wife and daughter
will be smitten not alone by the news of
his death, but in the dispatches sent out
over the country and for which, so far as
the facts have been revealed, there Is no
foundation.
"The official board met this morning
and passed strong resolutions, every one
believing that no act of Captain Ewing's
life performed under normal mentality
could be subject to the reproach of an
gels or men. No man ever heard hi3 lips
opened in malice or In words derogatory
to a eingle human being."
KENNEY THINKS HIGQINS
HAS LEFT FOB NEW YOBK
Says Missing Man Borrowed $100
From Undertaker Just Before
Disappearing.
Johnnie Kenney, the Salmon alley poli
tician, is indignant that his name should
be mentioned In connection with the dis
appearance of William Higgins. his
brother-in-law. Last night he visited po
lice headquarters and announced nis
willingness to do all in his power to un
ravel the mystery surrounding the dis
appearance of Hlggtns.
Kenney says the last time he saw.Hlg
glns was 9 o'clock last Friday night In
the room where Kenney's sister lay dead.
Higgins went out, saying he was going
to buy a pair of black gloves. Kenney
says he has learned that his brother-in
law borrowed $100 from the undertaker
who burled the remains of Mrs. Higgins,
«aving he would repay It from the estate
left by the dead woman. Kenney thinks
Higgins has gone to New York. Last
December, the politician says. Higgins
sold a valuable diamond ring belonging
to him and took a trip East on the pro
ceeds.
matlness and at night. The laughable
farce was well presented. Clever people
and good costuming and staging make an
attractive comedy of it and prevent its
degenerating into horse play.
Maude Knowlton ¦ has a willowy grace
and a beauty of feature that win
her the favor of an audience at
once, and Bhe keeps its favor by get
ting as much out of the character as
signed her as there Is In It- Jessie Mae
Hall la sprightly and altogether pleasing.
Fannie MIdgley sings a parody on the
"Blue and the Gray" that takes. Of the
men of the company Charles Horn gives
the character of Abel Preston the touch
of the true comedian. George Ebner does
some specialties that are unique and en
tertaining.
v • • • ,
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-night Includes Henderson and Ever3.
sketch artists: Claire, juvenile song and
dance artist; Wise and Milton, king and
queen of koondom, and Edna Davenport,
buck and wing dancer. The holdovers are
Azara, Irene and Beatrice and new mov
ing pictures.
Beatrice Franco, late of the deceased
Azzali Opera Company, is to be heard at
Fischer's .Concert-house this week: also
Jose Torres Onando, JL.unette, Antonio
Vargas, Nellie O'Rourke and the Leons.
At the Olympla Eddie J. Mack, buck
and wing dancer: Annie Goldle. coon
shouter, and Pamplin. the Australian jug
gler, are the week's attractions.
The big vaudeville matinee to come off
to-morrow at the Orpheum is an appeal
to the philanthropic to contribute money
to an established and most worthy fund.
The ladies of the California Club' may
well challenge a comparison of the pro
gramme they offer with that of any lead
ing vaudeville aggregation. In a single
nfternoon will appear Collomarini In
"Carmen," Salassa in "Otello." Russo in a
selection of his own from his fine tenor
repertoire, Bessie Blitz Paxton in one of
her delightful ballads, Mrs. Grace Morel
Dickman in a contralto solo. Jean DuroII.
a clever artist, new to this coast, in three
original sketches; Mm'e. Inez . Carrusl,
harpist; • the talented Montgomery chil
dren in their "coon and cake walk"; spe
cialties. Ruby Dawson. bringing forward
the pretty Parislene, Mile. Corneille; w.
J. Hynes In humorous songs. Miss Edith
Angus, W. P. Buckingham and Herbert
Williams Tendering the reverie "Aux Ital
lens" with the sad sweet strains from the
"Misere"; B. S. Burns, the popular read
er, in a selection from "Heartsease";
George Hammersmith in character come
dy specialties and those popular Orpheum
artists. Murdock and Merrttt and Ever
hart. "the Great."
This is surely a bewildering array and
shows that the club ladles comprising the
management mean to give their patrons
more than their money's worth of en
tertainment beside an opportunity to en-
Joy the consciousness of doing good.
There were some fine vocal "numbers on
the programme presented by the Arion
Verein last night at the headquarters on
Post street and a large audience was
agreeably entertained. A feadbre of the
affair was the concerted singing by the
Arlon Maennerchor of severalr selections,
including the Tyrolean songs.
The sextet from the opera of "Lucia"
was charmingly rendered by Mesdames
Ida de semlnario and L. Van Wefelsburg
and Messrs. J. Hensen. G. Helntz. O.
Schmidt and R. Lewensteln. Miss Paras
kova Sandelin scored a hit in one of Doni
zetti's arias, earning a recall. A piano
solo by Mrs. C. Loesch and a violin solo
by Mrs. G. Kuhn wore well received.
The concert was under the direction of
Herman Holzhauer and Paul Scholz pre
sided at the piano.
proved in many other cities.
The scene of the play Is laid In France,
the period within tne time of Napoleon's
eseap« from Elba and his exile to St.
Helena. ... ;
The Orpheum's headlines this week are
George Evans, the "honey boy"; Les Fra
settles. musical artists, direct from Eu
rope* John W. World and Beatrice Hast
ings; who will present an original sketch
entitled "Keeping an Engagement," and
Blanche Ring, descriptive vocalist.
Large audiences greeted a good com
pany in the production of "Brown's In
Town" at the Alhambra yesterday at the
MttS. BESSIE BLITZ PAXTON.
WHO WILL SING AT CALI
FORNIA CLUB BENEFIT.
j :
THE California's "standing room
only" sign was out early last even
ing, when the William H. West
minstrels opened their week's en-
g-ajrement at the big theater.
It was not only a welcome to these? fa
vorite minstrels, but a greeting fo a
former San Franciscan, William Hi Hal
lett, and the former San Franciscan must
be indeed difficult to please If the royal
welcome accorded him by his former asso
ciates, the Bay CUy Wheelmen, Olympic
Clubmen and the members of the Corin
thian Tacht Club, did not gratify to the
utmost any desire in that 'line .which
might be his. Three appropriate and beau
tiful floral emblems were presented to
Mr. Hallett after his solo. "Tell Me,"
which was admirably sung, and questions
pertinent and impertinent greeted his en
trance upon the stage, with club cries -ga
lore and "hurrahs" in plenty.
There was a slight, becoming nervous
ness evident in Mr. Hallett's work as in
terlocutor, which important post he occu
pied before Mr. West's appearance In the
chair, but ' otherwise the position was
gracefully and effectively- maintained.
All the old favorites are to the fore this
time; Billy Van. with his comic fancies
and pleasant voice: the ballad-singing
Richard J. Jose, of Falstafflan build and
cherubic voice; Ernest Tenney. clever
coon: the deep- voiced John P. Radsrers,
Manuel Romaan. Charles Whalen, Ray
mond Teal and the rest. For the humor
o' it. the Jokes are of the usual unaston
ishlng order, but the manner of their de
liver}' Is piquant and fresh.
Next week the Russian melodrama,
"For Her Sake," commencing: Sunday aft
ernoon, will be the bill at this house.
The Tivoll Opera-house will present
this week "La Gloconda," which will be
Its second time of hearing for San Fran
ciscans, and the notable cast announced,
Barbareschi. Castellano, Graham. Poli
tlnl, Ferrari Nlcolinl and Lucentl, will
assuredly insure its successful produc
tion.
On Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenlnss "Carmen" will be again
heard In response to an overwhelming de
mand for Its repetition from those un
able to obtain seats last week. The Col
lamarinl Is heard again and yet asain
with increasing enjoyment, and the ex
cellent support afforded her by the pres
ent cast — Russo, Salassa, Repetto. Nico
llni and Schuster — marks the whole per
formance as perhaps the best of this
season's most worthy programme.
The symphony concert at the Tlvoll
next Thursday afternoon will beeln
promptly at 3 o'clock, and It Is respect
fully requested that all subscribers be in
their seats at the announced hour. In
addition to the Berlioz "fjfc-mphonle Fan
tastlque," the following 'mimbers will be
given: "In the Highlands" (Scotch over
ture), by Niels W. Gade: "Kaiser March."
of Wagner; "Dance of the Brides" <from
Feramors). Rubinstein: "Alia Turca,"
by Mozart, and. by request, "The Ride of
the Valkyries." by Wagner. With this
programme, the leadership of Max Hirsh
i feld and the competent musicians that
.are gathered together under the baton of
the conductor, this notable event of the
musical season should be both an artistic
and financial success.
"Quo Vadls" is In us third week at the
Columbia Theater and is still attracting
its crowds.
Next week Stuart Robson will appear In
the Eastern success. "Ollvpr Goldsmith."
which has been pleasing the populace at
ever}' stage of its production. The caat
of the play includes such names as John
E. Henshaw, Stephen Grattan H. A.
Weaver Sr., •• Beaumont Smith, Maude
White. Jeffreys Lewis. Ellen Mortimer
and May Ten Broeck. The sale of seats
will begin en Thursday next.
At the Alcazar. Theater to-night will be
given for the first time here Howard
Hall's rnmar.tic drama, "A Soldier cf the
Empire." The play was produced at the
Star Theater In New York something
over a year ago and- since then has been
frequently seen and as frequently ap-
BEATEN AND BOBBED
BY FOUR HIGHWAYMEN
Ed Walstead. a Fisherman, Loses
52OO, but Two of the Thugs
Are Captured.
Ed-ward Walstead. a fisherman, was
held up this morninp at 2:30 o'clock on
Broadway, near Kearney street, by four
men, and beaten about the head and
robbed of $200. The robbers then started
to run away, but two of them. William
Johnson and Alexander Peterson, were
captured by Patrolmen Leonard, Davids.
Cavanaugh and Special Officer Berpe. The
two thu^s were booked for robbery. The
money was not recovered. Waisteai
identified the two men as his assailants.
WILLIAM H. HALLETT. A POPULAR SAX FRANCISCO BOY, WHO RETURNS TO HIS NATIVE CITY AS A MEM
. BER OF WEST'S BIG MINSTREL AGGREGATION. OF WHICH HE IS STAGE MANAGER AND A SOLOIST
NOW AT THE CALIFORNIA THEATER.
"BroWrvs ir\ JoWr\" Does Big Business at the JMhambra— "/\
Soldier of Fortune" Begins Jo-J^igKt at tke /Ucazar.
BERKELET. Oct. 21- — The South
Berkeley Presbyterian Church was dedi
cated this afternoon practically free from
debt. When the services were op«ned the
trustees were under an obligation of $330.
but before Rev. James Curry dedicated
the church he raised «300 among the au
dience by a few minutes of enthusiastic
work. Thus unexpectedly the church wa»
practically freed from debt.
Rev. E. C. Clark of Elmhurst opened
the services by Bible reading. Miss Pearl
Thomas rendered a vocal solo and the
prayer was offered by Rev. James 3.
Macdonald. The dedicatory sermon wa4
preached by Rev. Hugh T. Dobbins of Co
lusa, son of the pastor of the church.
Rev. H. H. Dobbins. I>.D. As his text Mr.
Dobbins spoke from Chronicles I. 19 and
22: "Now set. your souls to seeK God,"
and "This Is the house of tne Lord God."
"You have built this church." he said,
"but it Is not yours; :t belongs to God.
Henceforth It Is the property of no man
and of no association, but it is God'd
property. You are in possession of it only
under certain limitations. You merely
hold it as stewards to use for those thing;*
which will advance the interests oi God."*
Rev. Dr. H. II. Dobbins, the pastor of
the church, told the story of the bulldln?
of the church; how money and labor and
material were given freely by generous
people until the church grew up whero
It stood. It 'cost all complete *1153 15. Of
this sum $350 remained unpaid.
When Rev. James Curry of TemescaJ
arose to read the ritual he said he would
raise some morft money for tr.e church.
In the style of an auctioneer he bid one
side of the house against .he other until
$30) was raised.
The church Is a 1 very real and pretty
building-. The lot and street work hav3
all been raid for and the paster and con
pregation feel justly proud of their work.
Material, Money and Labor for the
Building Are All Donated by
. Generous Parishioners
and Others.
DEBT PAID OFF
AT DEDICATION
Freed From Incumbrance
During Service.
STUBBORN HORSE
CAUSES ACCIDENT
Two Women and Child In
jured in Collision With
Streetcar.
Balky Animal Backs Buggy Across
the Track and Occupants Are
Thrown Out With Se
rious Results.
»
ALAMEDA. Oct- 21.— Mrs. Manuel Bal
daroma<. her 3-year-old daughter and
Mrs. Jo5eph Baldaromas were thrown out I
of a buggy to-night at 0:30 o'clock In a
collision with an rast-bound electric car !
at Santa Clara avenue and Walnut street. I
Mrs. Manuel Baldaromas suffered a ae- J
rew injury to her back. bp?id»s being
badly cut and bruised. The child was se
vrreiy cut about the head. Mr?. Joseph j
Baldarcrnas escaped with mir.or cuts and |
bruises. I
The accident was caused by the 'nariltv ¦
of the occupants of the buggy to control I
the horsf they were driving. The animal [
balked near the • etret-t creesingr and t
barked the buggy upon the car track \
while the women were trying to force him i
shea J. Before the approaching car could ;
be stepped it crashed into the vehicle. J
The motorman ha-J the car almost under
control, and Its headway was being rap
idly checked wh« the collision occurred.
Otherwise th» accident wouid have had j
rruch more t3is:istroi:s reFUlts.
As the car struck the buppr>- the women j
and the child wore thrown into the street, j
Passengers on the car jumped to 'their j
rescue, and they were reinforced by the .
rar crew as soon as it was stopped. Dr.
J. A- Ril<?y was called and assisted the .
three injured pecpl? to thf !r home, at Oak ;
street and Railroad avonue.
The physician said Mrs. Manuel Balda- j
rcir.as would be confined to her bed for :
at Ifast six w«ks. Blame was not at- |
tacbed to the car men, because the buggy
was backed Into the car most unexpect
edly.
HICHBQRK'S
REPORT ON THE
AMERICAN NAVY
Final Statement by Chief
of the Bureau of Con
struction.
Makes an Urgent Appeal for More
It j docks and the Construction
of Warships at Govern
ment Yards.
WASHIXGTON', Oct. 21.— The report of
the Chief oi the Bureau of Construction
ar.d Repairs fcr the fiscal year 1S3M9>)
has Just b*en made public. Especial in
terest attaches to the report, as it is the
last one to be submitted by Rear Admiral
Hlchbcrn, * ho. under the operation of the
law. will retire on th* 4th of March next.
The report opens with the estimates, the
principal Items being: For preservation
cf and repairs to vessels of the navy, JT.
000,000: for repairs and Improvements to
navy yard plants. 1331.000; the account of
hulls and outfits of vessels and steam ma
chinery heretofore authorized. $21,772,017.
Especial attention is placed upon the
cc-ed for additional drydocks. He say:?:
There are available at the rr"s*nt time on
the east coast of the L'r.lte-i States but nine
Government <ir>-docks of all size*, distributed
among seven port* an*} r-.t the« but one is of
Efficient size to take the battleships. The dock
ir.r facilities available e.re severely taxed under
rx'.tl-.r.s peace conditions. This disparit};. In
matter and intent result in kwptr.ff a consldfr
ctlt portion of cur naval strength ineffective
at critical times. It cannot be too strcnzly
t:r*r*d that the lncreas» in dock! sir and repair
Jaclllties In an adequate ratio to the Increase
In the fleet is a DtCHWf element In naval de
velcpsient. tad It ehou'.d be especially eni
phac'.sed that In tfc'.s rno*t Important matter
wax requirements and cot peace requirements
must always be kept ;n view. »
Son* tpace is devoted to the question of
building vessels in the navy yards. He
Bays!
There are at the present time. !n view e>? the
Sraeperoac condition of the sklpbuSdUlC Jndus
try and the DSXDber cf naval vessels balMlng
•lift errrcpriEtec for. FulScier.t work to permit
tfce t;::jr.-.f:.'. cf & portion of the buildicc
»ork to the Government yards, without there
belrx * c^estlon cf the withijoldln* of neces
sary »upj>crt and assistance, the maintenance
©f which la a h'.rh state of efficiency is u=
foestlazibly of tuLtlor-al inuxrrtar.ee.
H© points c-ut that England is building
In her navy yards sixteen battleships and
cruisers, France seventeen, Germany
ei^ht. Russia elx and Italy three in their
Gevernirer.t yards.
Concerning the batteries cf battleships
he cays:
Tfc* decision finally cctne to in the arrange
ment of the batter!** of the n«w battleships was
a cctEjrOTElse between opinions. The merits and
den-.ertts c? the superimposed turret have been
tiuSer <ilsnif¥:oE fcr seme years. The comple
tion of the first battleships to which the sys
tem has been applied and the trials to which
they have been subjected have demonstrated
<--r.!y the tsechasical practicability of the tyt
tcra. ef mounting. It ha* been recognized frcm
the ccrr.rscn.enent of the discussion that there
tro crrave disadvantages in this system of
zr.'vi^l'.zjf. Ther» Is nothing in the experience
w.th the two vessels recently completed tending
citer to shew how they may be removed, cr
ti fietermlne the extent cf their effect upon the
x «=»*:« In which this rystem is employed. The
excision in the case of the recent vessels has
be*n reached in practically the same way as
the decision relative to the first vessels to
which the system was applied and Is based
u't^ti the t&rr.<* presentation of arruraents. pro
and con. ¦T»*T 1 * the navy new possesses
tfc* means of determining practically, at any
rate, a pcrtioa of the points at issue.
Admiral Hlchborn deals at some length
with the cuestion cf sheathing and Fays:
It 1* a practical irar^issitllity to prevent
such fouUr.jr that in a Jthort time after docking
the ereed is sensibly re<1a<-»<J. and after the
lapse of a very few myrrhs her speed capabili
t!*^ are cut d^irn frcm II per cent to nearly *9
j<r rent, except by providing her with a wood
fheathed ard c^ppred bcttrvm. Tfcls process
is an ell toe. Its practicability and freedom
imm injurious effects upon the ship to which
1*. 1? ar plied, even the element cf safety ¦which
it a 1 !'!*, have been lul'.y tfenjonstrated.
Speakir^ d submarine boats, the report
cays:
Xfce part T«?ar has brcea-M t» fruition the ex
perimental work covering a. cos?'.<i <^rable period
er.d hae demonstrated the practicability of the
submarine beat. There can be little doubt that
to the first rations in the fleM with the new
type will accru- not ocly the a<ivanta*r^s which,
will cotre tmm the possession of efficient ves
sels cf this t-pe. but the additional advantage
e"i saving in ro« which will result from an
early underEtari'Jir.g- of the n»w tj-J* *nd the
modifications which its introduction will force
in exiJt'.n* tn*'- __
CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— "Word was received
here to-<3ay of the arrival In Paris of th»
youn# American explorer and engineer,
William Stamps Cherry of Chicago. H«
comes direct from the Coniro Fre« State.
Since Mr. Cherry left Chicago nearly four
years ago on his second trip ho has vis-.
Ited a considerable portion of th» un
known lands In the Congo Free State and
the country north of the Congo, Including
the Kittu region. Mr. Cherry brinss back
considerable data which will be of im
mense historic and scientific interest.
When England and France nearly went
to war over the Fashoda affair. Major
Marchand. It will be remembered, had
taken possession of that portion of tha
country on the Nile as an outlet on tha:
.•river for the French possessions. Mr.
Cherry at that time was the leader of a
second expedition organized In the French
Conjro which followed closely the one led
by Marchand. Mr. Cherry on this trip
took with him besides supplies for tha
French a steel river steamer In section*
and upon his arrival on the banks of the
Nile supervised the steamer's reconstruc
tion. This boat played an Important part
in that International episode, as tha In
tention of France was to'tise the steamer
In establishing French domination over
the lands bordering on the Nile. On his
return to the Conero country from Fasho
da. Mr. Cherry devoted a portion of his
time to the exploration or the hitherto
unknown Klttu region, lyln^r to the north
of the Conpo Free State and the- French
Congo country. The Klttn reerion is far
removed from the portion of Central Af
rica with which Henry M. Stanley rnade
the world so familiar.
It Is expected that Mr. Cherry will brias
back considerable Information of the so
cial life and Industries of a people never
before visited by a white man. Ths younj
Chlcrujoan also traveled over equatorial
Africa, to correct any misleading Informa
tion about that country. He has taken a
series of photographs of the various Af
rican tribes and also added largely to tha
collection of curioa secured on his first
trip.
Mr. Cherry was accompanied on h!s lat
est trip by Charles H. McCllntock of Chi
cago. About a year after their arrival In
the French Consro State Mr. McClintock
succumbed to African fever. Mr. Cherry
then continued the trip alone.
Explorer Cherry of Chicago
Completes His African
Explorations.
Visited Hitherto Unknown Lands la
the Dark Continent and Ob
tained Photographs of
the Native Tribes. .
BRINGS DATA
FROM WILDS
OF THE CONGO
MINSTREL HALLETT'S FRIENDS REMIND
HIM THAT HE HAS RETURNED HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1900.
• •
• •
7
Personals.
GBAPE-NUTS.
TWO STOMACHS.
The XJpp«r for the Proteids and the
IJo-wer for the Greater Part of
the Food.
•¦^ttSRaSSSHBp^WaBffl
It Is an interestlnaT study to observe
hox the digestion of food Is accom-
plished. The greater part of vegetable
food Is rtzreh and this is never digested
In the Etorcach proper nor Is It affected
by the pepsin of the upper stomach.
Starch la Carbo-hydrate) is massed out
of the etoaach Into the duodenum or
record stomach and there treated by the
pancreatic Juices, when In time a mlcro-
eccplc f-nsri is grown from a. part of the
prain. If that has been eaten, and these
elements, with moisture, heat and time,
transform the starch into
which Is the first act of digestion.
These processes are duplicated In an ar-
»tifieial or mechanical way In the manu-
facture of Grape-Nuts, the new break-
fast food made by the Postum Cereal Co..
Um.. of Battle Creek. Mich.
In this food one finds the delicate, sweet
tacte of s^rape-sugar pjid when eaten It
will be found to quickly digest and fatten
and strengthen the entire body.
Its e«p«dal mission is to nourish and
rebuild the brain and nerve centers. ,
A certain deanite feeling of EtrenfcTtn and
Ftamina comes to the Individual after a
few days" use of Grape-Xuta at break-
fast.
Beius a condensed rood one does rot re-
tculre more than 3 to Z teaspoonfuls at a
rr.r £j. which Is Wrth considering from an
ecocomlratl standpoint.
V BAILBOAD TBAVEIu
CALIFORNIA N0BTDVESTE15RT. CO.'
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAHY.
TISuron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RATAZI*
VVgEK DATS— 7:30. >:00. U:00 a. o.: 13:38.
S:». 5:18. «:30 p. in. Thnndaya— Extra trip
at 11: M o. m. Batarday*— Extra trips at l.-»
and i::» o. E. ' .— .__.
SUNDAT3— 8:C0. J:M. Uti* a. m.: 1.-30. 138,
5:C0. «:X> d. ra.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WIEK DATS-«:10. t:50. »:». 11:10 a. o.; 12:tt, •
1:4). 5:15 p. m. Satardaya— Extra tris» as
l:Sa aad t:33 D. m.
SXTXDAT3— 8:10. »:«. U019 a. n.; 1:«. t:«,
I:C5, «:14 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetxea Park
aame schedule as abo-ra.
Leara J la ESect. I Arrtr*
Saa Franctaco. [Apr- 13. *X0-l Saa Fraacla»».
Week I Bun- J 1 Sna- 1 Weak
Par*, f day*, f Dgrtlttatton.1 daya. 1 Daya.
7:S0 am! 1*0 »a»» No-rata. 10:«S ami S:«9 affi
S:SO pa > :20 am) Pttatnsta. IWpmlMlim
S:13 pat' 5:00 pm| Santa Roaa. 7 J& ym\ >J0 P«n
Fulton.
7 JO am Windsor. 10:* am
Healds' iTf.
Lytton.
GeyserrtlJe.
t:»pm »:<?» ami Cloverdale. 7.S pm «:» pm
7:30 ami 1 Hopland I [W:» ara
l.tO pm| $M ami aad UXtah. | I:» pm| «:30 pm
T:S> am J10-.I5 an
I.-00 am Oueraa-rHle. ?:33 pm{
IHOpml 1 *^0P»
1M am 1:00 am Soootaa 103 am 1:40 am
and
8:13 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. «.•« pea IflO po
7:30 am! »:0Oaml |10:M asatl»:« an
3:30 pmj 5:C0 ptn| Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pmi «:» pcx
Starw cona»ct at Santa Roaa for Mark "Wewt
Pprinrs and Whit* Sulphur Sprlair*: at Fultoo
for Altrurla: at Lrtton for Lytton STrtncs: at
GeyserrtUe for Skaxft-s Syrinxn; at CUr»erdaie>
for tne Geysers: at Hoptand for Cancan.-
Sprla«*. Hlrhland Sprlars. ttelsfyrUle. CarU-
bad Sprtnya, Poda Bay. LaJuoort and BarU»tt
Springs: at Ciiah for Vichy aprlags, Saratoca.
Pprteg*. Blue Lakes. UuM Dell LaSw. Wltt««-
Sprinis. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter ?alls*'.
John Day's. Rlrersida, Lleriay'a. Bnciasr.'a.
ganhedrln Belxhta. Hallrill-. OrT* Bat
Sprtnsa, Mendoelno dry. Fort Brarr. W«aa-
port U»al. Will Its. Lartonrin*. Cnnrnlaa.
Bell's Spnsn. Bania. Olavn'a. Syvr. Scotia.
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trl* tictou al
reducad ratea.
Oa Sunday roaad trfp t'eketa to all pofcrt»
b«rond San Ra&«( at half ratea.
Ticket offices, ISO Market «t.. Ouronlc}* TillaT.
H. C WHmNG. R. X. RTAN.
* G-aeral Manaxer,. 0«L Fm*. Arto*V.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SauialUo F«rry.
Commenclss September JO. WO*. /
FROM SAN tRAN CISCO TO MILL VAX££T
At»D SAX RAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS- «^5. •SOS. U:0O a. BV. n:*S
3:15, 4^0. 5:15 »«:15. «:« p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For MIU JTalley asd Saa
Rafael, on Monday*. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
STJNDATS— «S.00. *l»:00.. ni:S0 a. m^ «ia5.
J:15. »4:45. •:». 9*0 p. m.
Trains marked <•) ran to Saa Quimtta.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCT3CO.
WEEK DATS— »:5. »«:3». 7:43. l:» a. ra..
•12:30. 1:43. *3:3O. 4:30. »:M p. la.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedaesdays
and Saturdays at * :45 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:*>. •»*0. "10:00. "11:43 a. ex.
•1:40. "3:15. 4:45. SJ0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) rtart from Saa Quentta.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DATS- 6:43. «:4S. 7:Z&. t:30 a. ox,
1I:JJ. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, »:C0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 aad 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS-V.CS. 10*5 a. m.. U.-C5. Mi. 1:33,
COO 1:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAXXSL
•45 a. m. week daya— Caxadero aad way sta.
Uons.
1:45 p. m. SatnrrJay»— Tomalw aii way sta>
tlons.
S:» a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
MOUNT TAHALPAIS RAILWAY
LeaTea Saa Francisco, via Saaaaltto Ferry:
-WEEK DATS....(:U m. m.; 1:45 and 4:ro p. m.
SUNDAYS S:C«:>, 10:00, 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
Fart, Saa Francisco to Saaunlt asA Ratara,
%\ 49.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMAI^PAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. O Market at.. BaosaHto Fsrry.
C -'
aDr.GIbbon'sDlspcnsary,
f>2oKELAfitsnr*T. Estaansn-t
In 1S»* tor ih« tKsavtmetit of Prt v »u*
DtMaacclioatMaaaood. Daoflltyor
dU»sus»sassiTir1s-onrWTrsji««w 1 hwi«n.1
Skin DtaMaea. Th« doctor enreawben
others fail Try htm. Chars;** low.
iorrifaaram^fi. C*!lor»rU<v
Or, J, m . MUSOXs B«x l»37.aaa Xtaodaos.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MuiTiiruM fAtinv company;
4 (riciric arirrsiO
Trains ¦«•>«•» anJ »r* flu* «• nrrlt* ••
man ritAN«:i*f'o.
(JU'.n Lire. Foot «t Mark* SUeet)
LKAYa — Faou Octobk* I. IfCX — A*ar*a
•T:UOa Bmkla. SmUihi. Elalra, VaeaTOIa,
RuaiJ-r *n<t .i»<r«anruti> *7ltbt
*7>O»a Shut* KrprjM-DaTU. WilUam* (ft*
Bartidt Springs). WlUowa. EeJ
Bliifi. I'orumi.i Ti«3t
•7:30 a M»nln*». ->»un«<jinn.V»:ieJo, X»c*.
t.'aiiiv g» mm! 3»nta Rosa *S:l3r
j <Ks«Oi DaTis. Woodlaad. Knigbu Ltadlsf,
Msmtille. «iro»IIU. *7t43r
•BiO0a Atl»c«i<- Kzrr«M— Oftlea aad Ea*t *13t«3r
•¦i<n»» Nils*. Trier. Lathrop, Stockton MisiaA
;. •»•»•* btu Jt*«. UtNBue, ntuektnu,
* luue. KwnmniU, Fi»«T»Llf»
' M.riit BW. Chi«o. Ktxl Hluff Mil"*
•«:SOa O*Jid»lr, Chlnfto, Sooor*. Carters... Mil-lr
•»:0O« Hajwariia. Mi.« »od W»j nutloni. *1 1««5*
•Vio«» Lo« Audei Zxjmm — M»rtine«.
Tracy, IjtUirop. Htoektos. M?rc-J
• Vreauo »i«l Ix« Asfelc* *7ilSp
•9:.ini Vallrjn. Mwtlnvx au-t Wty Statteot *3H3r
•IW:OUa Th- OverUtiJ IJmttad— Ogdeo, l)ea-
vet, Oi»«hv Cblear> ••»*»»
•HiOOa SUca. Stockton. Msormmrate. Hei>>
dot*. Trtaao, lUnforJ. Tbalia.
PorKttUIe •*•!•»
•11:00a LlTenaore. S«og«r. Gothen Juno-
tiun. B^kerstsU, L«s Aagelei
•I !I:OMm llxjwmxdm. Nile* and Way bUdom. **i4l-1»
tlioiir -i*ct»:nent.» lUicrStevmen t9:O*a
•:iiOOp HmrntiM, Nil-a mod Wmy HUlloc*. *ai«ai>
! *4ioop Mmrtlnez. S»u Itvmon. ValUJo,
>'¦!•». CilNtnta. aanta llcia *••!••
••liOdr Beulcia. Winters. fitermmenta,
Woutllaml, Kuixbta I^udlag.
U»r/«*iUe. OroTitts •l*;4«4
> M»»or rlilea, Sau Jmmi »nd Stockton „ »?ilSf
•Sie«pTho O»l United— Traej, Tttmoo.
BakenOelii. Manga* (or baoto bar-
bara. Lo* Auselca, *1O;I'»a
•St*«r Stockton <9*aSa
•SiOor New Orlran Kzpn**— Hakersfl«hl.
SaiiU llariiarm, Lc« Ani-Iea. I»»m-
Int. El Fua Maw Orleaua and
Ktit "7IH4
•S:OOr nmiwudi, Nile* and Saa Jo»e *T:*»A
t«io«r V»JW«Jo *l2il3r
*«tO«r Oriental Mail— Of Jen, Cberanaa.
Umaiia. Cbic*p> *12:43t
; *«:00p Oriental Mati-Ogxlea. J<-n»er.
OmiIk. (.Tilcw* M:lSp
*7t—' NUe5,-rr»ey. L*throp. 8toektoo.... # I»:1S»
>Ti**r I)i<ii> ui(l Ca2Ui>rnU Ki|.im«, s, 5 .
raaMHt*. M«rjatllli>, UciMliu.
I'nrtUiKl. rtt(el .S»unil atnl Ita.nt *»!*3a
(St«3p Vtllf j... Furt CoU and TTar hi»
Mot.* ¦• tl»'— f
COAST 111 Vlxiox (Sarraw Uaaaa).
- (root ot Market SUeet.) _^__
••tlSAliewark.CVtilertllle.rtanJose.l'sltoa.
BouHer Cn>«k,6aiita Orui »nd Wt|
Htntiun* ••«•••
1«il3r Newark. CenUrTillv. Kan Jom. Sew
Almmileo, F-iton. llnnlder Creek,
8anto Cm aad 1'rineipal Way
Station* li«i««4
•«ti.->r Newark, Man Jose, Ix» Oatoa *8i3»a
•1 1 t49p Uanten' Eiconica, San Jot* and
WayBtotloaa r7»—>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
malll mSCiSN-'Kt »f «ir»it Slrnt(S:i»!)—
•7:18 0:00 1140A.M. }1:83 *2:33 tl:St
M:C9 15:33 *8:0Or.M.
rrtaOilUIl— f»tl irSroio ..—••;£• 8.-M 10. 00 ..a.
t!3:C8 *1:C3 U:C3 '3:83 tt:C3 •S:i3r.*.
COAST I'lTISlOX {Hrot.l (UajCj.
L_- (ThlrJ at ? Townaeml Sta.)
t«t I • A Ooean V lew. Sonth Ann Krmneiaco. . T<ti*»w
•?<•>•* San Joae anil '"/ay 8tatl»ne (New
Alraader Wedneadayi only) •liBvr
•tifJOA Han Jone. Trea I'incs, K»nt» Cms,
Padflo Rrofe. 1'uo Hoblea. Mau
I.ul* Obiapo, Hnrf, Lotnpoc and
I'riueipal Way Stallone *4il«r
•I Oito. San Jos* and Wmy HtaUoua •••3Wa
•I 1i3">« Man Joee and Vim- SUtkxia a 9i3Oy
\'*i ISr San Uafo. Kedwood. Mpnlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Ban Joee.
Trea Plaoa. Sauta Ciw, Salinas.
/ Monterey amf 1'arilie OroTe flOiS«»
fa<3S>r «»a Joteaml W»r S'.alkx.i «7:3«r
- H = l3r San Jose and Principal Way Htatlon* *9:*S*
f3:00r San Jn«e. Lo* Gttos and Principal
Wayhutioo* t«:«»»
•3:30p Sau J'«e ami Principal Way .Statloin *S:3-1a
•a>a*>r Smn Jose aud Way Stations.. ?¦:«»,
glt:43r «»n Joaetml Way Stations Ti»«»
A (or Uorulaf- P for Afteraoou.
'Daily. , f Mnnday exeepted. X Sauday oo!y.
q£a,tmtl»jgn?y.
5anta Fe
Trains— Daily
LmtV Mark«t-itr»«t Fcrrr Depot.
LVs flan Fraod>c«.l »^> a m 4:10 p ml 1:00 p ra
aJ?I Kcikton U:» P m T:H p m 11:« p m
"Merced ? : 2 p S 5-2 £»
•• Fr-gno - 4'JOpm 1:04 a ra
- Jt?* 10 .^'S
" Talara •:** p m . I^W a m
•• Hanford I'M P m 1M a m
- Bakersfleld ... ««»b . 1M m jg
.— Denver- 10:00 am — — -^~
;- Kantaa aty... 5:U p m
• .** Chicago—'— !:«"»
• a. m. train la the Overland. Express. Corre-
•potirltni- train arrlvea at « p. m. daily.
I'iO b* n. H Stockton Local. Correapoodlaaf
train arrive* U^6 a. na. dally. _^ . .
l:Cfl n. m. !• Freano and Bakersflald Tiyim,
with BlMptsr Can fcr both citlsa. OorrMpcoA-
tnx train arrlv»w'ati« a. m. dally.
«41 Market St.* and ta Frrry Depot*
K.r, TTtiBtHto; UU Bwodwrny. Oakland..THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1900.
8
SAX FRAJfCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CalJ. comer cf Market and Third streets, open
until _ o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— _7 Montgomery etreet
corner Clay; open until 9:38 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
633 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:X9 j>. m.
1SU il'.EFlon street; open until 10 p. m.
_tt Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: or*n until f p. m.
1C56 Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
JCorthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m .
MEETING XOTICCS. •
GOLDEN GATE CommandMT No. 16. K. _*_
T.. Golden Gate bul'.dlnt, 625 Sutter st- TV2T 5
—Special assembly THIS EVENING at KJg
t o'clock. The order of the Red Cross Cy
will be conferred. All fratert are cour- ~>.
teoasly invited. •
ROBERT MCMILLAN, Em. Com.
\rnxiAJI T. KONPA. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL LodCT No. _. F. _ A. •
M.-THIS (MONDAY) EVENING «Jk
7:£0 o'clock; third degree. Master Ma- lfe>\
eons cordially invited. By order of • Nr
the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secty.
KING EOIvOMON'S Lodge No. 160. F. a
and A. M.— Franklin Hall. Flllmore
rt.. between Bush and Sutter: second KJ(
degree THIS KVENINO at 7:30. / TT '
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
MEMBERS nf Pac!flc Loige No.
US. I. O. O. F.-Tcu are invited
to attend the funeral of our late c
Brother ED M. WALFH. »t the '"*•
parlors of Carrw & English. 41 Van Jve_ss
av«.. at 2 p. m. MONDAY. Oct. £2; no «s-
eessniest 2.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH. N. G.
FRANK P. MACBETH. Secy.
ANNUAL MEETING — Reg-ular annual meet-
lr.c cf etorkhr-l<>r» of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION CO. will he held at the office
of the company. No. _7 Market *t. San
Francisco. California, on WEDNESDAY,
the 2«.th day of October. 1S00. at 11 o'clock
a m. fcr the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to serve for the ensuing year
ar.d the transaction of puch other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
close on Saturday, October 13. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALL can borrow money on silks, oil paintings
nr.d bujrfrfes frem COLLATERAL BANK. 15
Grp-r.t are., near Market ft.
ACCVTS WASTED.
EHOW ycur colors; blow your clpar and get
the dollars; 10c In stamps gets samples se-
curely mailed and in!ormntlen. Arents £up-
riy Co.. 11T5 Market Ft.. S. F.
INSURANCE solicitors, life. 2re. marine.
wanted for side line. Acdrets box «1S3. Call.
TO handle Rob'.r.scn's Thermal Bath Cabinet
Pacific Agents' Surplr Co.. 113) Treat ave.
_SP_— , LTl'31 HOOPING.
J PELTIER, asrhalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
'floors la'.d. repaired; postal. 11S6 Mission st.
ASTROLOGY. _
DR C T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer: call
for free copy "The New Moon." T6S Market.
ilME. HICKET- Astrolofrtst; horoscopes. 50c:
card reading and palmistry, 25c 193J Mission.
. ' — —^
ATTOUXDYS AT LAW.
R W. KING, attorney at law, S27 Market et..
room CT7— Estates, damages, attachment*,
bfcnkruptcy. collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a epeclalty; private;
no fe* without success : collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Heanst bldg.. Third and
M8rket £«.; phone Red 62C. ¦
FREE advice; divorce laws, damasea. estates.
coi lections. J. A. Mitchell. 3U Montgomery.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK. Err.ma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
k<*f st. : cons'jitation free: no fees In advance
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON SS. 4-panel folding: door opens: firm
safe. W. S BROWN, gen, agt.. <26 Ellin.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home; private schooling: music: Ger-
man; 117 a month. Box 418S. Cail office.
BOARD for little girl: best of care: reasonable.
4 Church lane, near Church and 16th . sts.
PRIVATE family would like to board a child.
€03 Jor«s et. '
V.' ANTED— A email child to board: good home.
t&6'4 Green «t.
LADY would like a child to board In good
homt. 91 South Park.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
PARTNER —anted, restaurant in Vallejo; fine
business. 40 steady boarders; good transient;
terms. $300 cash, easy Installments of $200;
investigation solicited; or owner will sell the
whnle: a sc'.endld -chance. CaU R. G.
WILKE. 2C'rj Kearny Et
A— «000: RESTAURANT close to Phelan build-
ing- will sell half or whole; place clearing
ISM per month. Call R. O. WILKE. Jti*
Kearny et.
A— $450: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; good paying business.
A $1500 saloon in wholesale and manufactur-
ing district; doing an Al paying buslne**;
mercantile lunch; a eplendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. £64 Kearny Et.
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEM
A — jC-Vi; cafe with long lease, close to Mar-
ket and Powell ets.; surrounded by theaters,
and doing a rushing business; customers and
prices nret-class; private dining rooms, with
ladles' entrances; sickness compels owner to
leave the city. Particulars R. O. WILKE.
26V» Kearny et.
>._»&('O; BUTCHER shop, with horse and cart,
in be&t location of Western Addition; place
Afctabllshed for years and doina- a first-class
business : a Fplendld chance for any man.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt
A— «00; BUTCHER thep on Valencia et. ;
monthly receipts about $1200: celling 4 cattle
per w^ek; low rent; good business. CaU R.
G. WILKB. 2C^4 Kearny st.
A— $1250 ; SALOON with 10 furnished rooms;
close to Hall cf Justice; plaoe establ. many
years and doing a good business; owner en-
paced otherwise <?cuh vt sale; a bargain.
CaU R. G. WXLK_.-2«H Kearny st.
A— S3C0; DINING room end restaurant with
private lunch rooms In leading private hotel;
dose to CfKarrqll and Mason: SuFteady board-'
ers: a rare chance. Call It G. WILKE. 26H
Kmlw st.
A— RARE chance; coffee and tea routs; clears
|1_ month. COWING _ CO.. 718 Market et
A— I—VERY and boarding stable; park loca-
tion; rood chance. Cowing _ Co., Tl) Market.
A — PLUMBING shop; fine location: snap for
good man. COWING _ CO.. 7_ Market st
A —RESTAURANT In best part of city; must
be aold this day. COWING, 719 Market st.
A— GROCEKT *tore; fine location; receipts J160
day; positive bargain. Cowing & Co., 71$ Mkt.
A— FINE wholesale and retail fruit business;
bargain. COWING A CO.. 7_ Market st
A — FRUIT store; best location; living rooms-
must be sold. COWING & CO.. 7U Market.
MANY choice business openings; good values-
we bare • . '
_ groceries and bars; price fro#n..J300 to J2000
1> branch bakeries; price fromf ....$200 to $1100
22 dnr stores; price from...jf. »12S to $1600
27 ealoons; price from $22E to $8009
S4 reetaurantpj price from $iS0 ti> $25<i0
8 butcher shope; price from $3S0 to $li©0
4 country hotels: price from J12S0 to $30C0
SCHWEIXIURD ic CO.. 817 Market St. bet.
Sth ana eth: telephone Mint Mil.
A— COAL, wood, hay anfl grain; fine paying
business; pood corner; cheap rent: I horses;
3 wacons; harnesses, etc.; everything flrst-
dass; must sell; make offer. Lane. SG5 SIrkt.
tSSO— PARTNER !n old-nttabMshed offlce bu»I-
nees. clearing $T5 to Jioo a month to each; r.o
experience required. LANK, 665 Market r».
t™0— RESTAURANT In a fine location: cocxi
bus.; great bargain. Lane & Co.. SS5 Market.
!*10 — RESTAURANT; fine morning and even-
Ing trade; everything In complete running
order; present owner 4 years; lnveetiKate. 223
Birth «.
FARTN—R —acted in an ©Id established whole-
sale a>ad retail liquor store: this Is a chance
of a. lifetime for a party of means and abil-
ity: principals only. Address Owner, box
gOl Call office.
A— RESTAURANT at Hi Fifth St.. doing s;ood
business: the cause of sale sickness; good
chance for man and wife.
RARE chance— Old-establiehed hotel; good op-
portunity for the right <f, arty; to let furnished
or unfurnished. Apply 1448 Ban Bruno ave.
WOOD and coal yard; 2 vwoos. 1 horse, seals,
etc. tor sale. 1109 -Florida St.. between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth. ..
GOOD chance for somebody with some capital
In a health resort: mineral eprlng. Address
box 41C1. Call office.
TOR SALE— A bartraln; flee saloon and grill;
good location; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. Particulars 212 Sacramento at
BT ATI ONER Y. notion, cigar and candy store;
laundry offlce; no agents. Apply 310 Turk st.
FOR sale — Good-paying laundry business;
cheap. Addresi P. O. box SSI, San R_aeL
BUSINESS CHANCES COXTIirUED.
RMiGTlN^pliotogrlph raiienrivlew nega-
tlves. camera outfits, mounts, • lenses. - 101
Eddy st.. room 11. f -. , .
A PROFITABLE manufacturing buelnecs for
sale; small capital required. Call at 116 Sec-
ond «t.. third floor, rm. 1, and Investigate.
VALUABLE Canadian patent: Iron; business
for life; absolute control; fortune to buyers.
Box SOU. Call offlce. ¦
GROCERY burlness for sale; established 19
year?. GUY II. SALISBURY, Ban-Joee. ,
FOn SALE-CODECS' Photograph Gallery, lOtf
Sixth Et, __j '_ -"
j;C0O— HALF Interest In ild-establlshed busi-
ness. Box 3to3. Call. -
AN oM established jewelry store for sale cheap
on account of lllnees. Box 3>eS. Call offlce.
H-ROOM hou8»: newly furnished; always full;
ea*, bath. 74C Howard st. ¦'
BAKERS— Bakery for sale; bargain. NW. cor-
ner Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts.
X SNAP — Coffee and chop house: rheumatism
compels >ale at once. 239 Eighth St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia gt.
LODGI.XG-HOLSES FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS, rent $60. residence, clears $51... $750
15 rooms, cor., part cash, hard wood..^.. S50
16 rooms, oor., elegant. *unny, clears $78. 1600
20 rooms, cor- apartments. ;iO5 clear.... ; S00
S5 rooms, cor,. S. Mkt.. new, clears $97.. 2600
42 rooms, cor.^slowntown. urgent sale, offices.
First floor bis income, best location In city.
Only a few of my 217 houses. Please call.
i M. GKIFF1N. 719 Market St.. r. 1.
' 24 ROOMS; best paying house north of Market.
SO rooms; good transient house.
IS rooms: rent $35: price only »»w
F3 rooms: corner: a bargain. ..«««
€9 rooms: a bargain ;;-";;t1
EMERY. 3 Eddy et.; phona Mint 1016.
| a— 22-ROOM rooming house: central $1000
• JO-room house; first class lw>0
| 11-room hcuce: J475: 6-room flat 3.o
ZO-room house: Kddy: rent $75: only 9uO
FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market st.
i LODGING-HOl'SE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices ; genuine bargains sizes and
I location to suit: money loaned. SCH\MiIN-
HARD & CO.. S17 Market St.. bet. Fifth and
Sixth; rhone 1S11. '
46 ROOMS; $500 cash: cheap Interest: brand
new furniture. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market.
i 42 ROOMS; for.: worth $2500: reduced to $2000;
part cash. WINSTON &. CO.. 1016 Market St.
A— FURNISHED house of 7 rooms fcr eale;
rent of house very cheap; rooms all full. Ap-
piy 121.' Stockton Bt.
' $150— BARGAIN; 16-room lodging-house. Apply
: at 438 Dupont st
APARTMENT house— 18 rma.. well furn.: gas
: stoves: water free: always full. «22 G. G. ave.
CARRIAGES AXD 1VAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, bnfrgies, carts, harness,
i etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
FOR sale— A fine team wapon, nearly new.
Csll at 3778 Twenty-fourth st.
i Sl'RREY phaeton; seat 4 or 6; price $60. At sta-
j bles. SIS Geary st.
AN A No. 1 express . wagon, single, also llfht
camping wagon, for eale cheap. 632 Mission.
i NEW & 2d-hand wagons, bureies. carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th & \ alencla.
SPIKITUALISM.—
: ARR'VED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
! spiritual medium: advice in all affairs of life,
' lawEults. divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
' rated; mining a specialty; drs. Sun.. Wed.. Frl.
ev's- come and be convinced. (Permanently)
CIS Eddy Bt.. bet Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MISS LOTTIE LLEWELLYN, test circle Tues.
eve at 8 o'clock and Thurs. afternoon at 2
S4J Lisbon et. near China ave.: 10c. _,
MRS HARRISON, eplrit medium; sittings"
daily: this week only; 25c 50c, II; circle Sun-
day evening: 10c S58 Mission St.
! MEDIUM and palmist: readings this week, 25c
and SOc; satisfaction guaranteed. Room 14,
1239 Market st
! CONSULT Watson. 15S1 Mkt.. nr. 12th; famous
I medium & palmist; advice, infallible; 25c up.
i PROF GEE. medium— Startling tests: circles
every night. 10c; readings. SOc $1. US Sixth.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
I ness medium, life reader: Bluings $1. 1104 Mkt.
MME. MAJORS, gifted eptritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth' st, room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAlllster^Mrf. C. J.
Meyer, glt-daily; convlnc'g tests to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
! MME BERNARD .-.
I 17 Thira s;.. near Market
i This' 'famous clairvoyant and business me-
I dlum U now located in San Francisca
1 She reads life fluently, tells your past, and
; reveals to you your future; gives valuable ad-
¦ vice in all affairs of business, love affairs, dl-
! vorce and lawsuits.
By her wonderful power she unites the sepa-
If you are contemplating going into business
! of any kind, buying or selling stocks, see line,
j Bernard at once;- her advice -will be valuable to
! 5< These are exciting days In oil stocks 'in'Cali-
fornia and you will find her advice as to what
1 to buy and when to sell of rreat value, and by
following her advice you will make no mistake.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil &Fecond sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading:: ladles
5Cc. gent $1: palm and clalr. sit $1 SO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
j 6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
JUST returned. MRS. E. U. DAVIS, clalrvoy-
ant card reader; mental questions answered;
ladies. 25c; gents, SOc. 34 Sixth et.. room 6.
MRS. E. SANDERS. 614 Taylor St.. near Geary
Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
I ladles' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Frl. 8; clr. Zjc
I MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller, gives best, advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st. near Larkin.
MME. ZFRBDA. the gypsy, is the rreat palm-
1ft and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
1 CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psyehometrlst, palm-
j 1st and card reading. 25c. 1241H Market st.
! MME. HANSCN. palmistry, card reader; past
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth st., room 14.
! MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
I sittings dally. 44SH Jessie et. ¦•:-.-: .
MRS. CAMERON, card -reader, medium, 25o up.
S23 Mission St.; don't forget number; ring bell.
ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr., card reader;
names given; 10 to 9. 8 Fulton st. r. 29-80.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 42S Golden Gate ave.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; I5c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. S Fourth st
CARPET EEATIXG AA'D CLEANING.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
Zc yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. .2T.3-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
1 ORPETS <-l»aned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
j BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; teL Jessie 944.
j J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beatlnc and Reno-
vatlnr Co.. J<0 Fourteenth st: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beatlne Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mtr., 38-40 8th EC; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel Main ZU. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Bratln* Work*; 333 Golden
1 — ¦
; COTTAUKS TO LET.
$10— COTTAOn 3 sunny roorflu; wiTter!
134 Rop* avp.. lwtwppn Gough and Octavla.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painle«g;consult'n free. Dr. Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.'
CEORGE W. KELLY'S 'Agencv^No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. £27' Market st-' - T-
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital, 'postTFlllmore—
Advice and medicine. 76c; city vlslta, $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. Went 63«.
DR. Creely*s C P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hoapttal.610 Golden Gate ay.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy: call & ex-
amlnfe work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, overO'Connor&Mogatt
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery. School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st-
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and MU-
Ilnery School; French eysttuk/ _l-ya_ New,
¦ ¦ DENTISTS.
XV^ _L_CTRO-I)e7Jt_L^C_INIc1' E09~Ma£
ket.et. cor 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.,~ you can
have your extractions done - painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
J3 DO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. • m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns. ¦ plates, bridges
and flllings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest ami guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl.
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; flllings, iOc;
crowns, $3 60; plates, full set. $5 00; all work
painless and- warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth «t. : - ¦-"-.'
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 101J
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL.. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting, SOc; gas given. ¦
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentists at Standard
Dental Parlors, r.,54. Murphy .bldg.. 1236 Mkt.
DR. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction SOc; plates $5 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor.««th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. J4; crowns. $3; fllltnes. 25c
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ;. evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1M1 Polk et. ¦ . : ,
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st: day
and evening; individual instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50: bookkeeplnr.
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best In S. F.; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
' and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university,- law and medical
collepeB; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford proressor, Phelan building.
AN experienced lady vocalist of European ad-
vantages desires to exchange lessons for room
In central location. Address box 3695, Call.
SPANISH clashes day and evening, 305 Larkin
st, cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week. $3 a
month: also private. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
$2». TARR.\ expert accnt., 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy-
ALL Etudents but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st ¦'
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, fls?ay, cyanide, arch. ; day., eve.; est. 1S64
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH. French, German, einging, piano,' $2
mo.; hours. 2-4. 6-8. 1256 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 187 Mcnt'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Edt'iy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON"S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night clans. 424 Pine st.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. DeFll Ippe' sAcademy
of Language«.320Post; estab. 1871; ablest profs.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larylng quarters. Come eee us. 305 Larkin Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar writing.
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. ov*r 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; Telaphoi>e Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
FRED WAMATS.'Japanese. Chinese- contractor;
emp. offlce. 544 California: tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds held. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE HousecleanirgCo.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers; est. 18S0. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426PowelI,nr.Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
I>st help. 41 J ',4 O'Farrell »t: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAM'ED FEMALE.
A LIST OF GIRLS WANTING" WORK, """"
In private families Telephone. Grant 185
3 Scandinavian, 4 German and 6 American
cooks, 2 Swedish laundresses, German Infant
nu~e, German lady's companion and nurse,
4 German and Scandinavian house girls, 1
second girls, 2 young girls to aselst
WANTING HOTEL WORK. City or Country.
25 waitresses, 20 chambermaids, 10 laund-
resses, C American cooks, 5 pastry cooks and
bakers. 4 first-class housekeepers
Telephone Grant 1S5
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A NORWEGIAN cook, 5 years last place; Nor-
wegian second girl, maid and seamstress;
parlor maid and waitress; neat second girl
and a competent cook and housework elrl
await positions. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Address
or telephone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A GREEN Swedish girl wiEhen place to assist
In housework, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter Bt > ¦
RESPECTABLE German woman wants wash-
ing and cleaning by the day. Call at 12 Fal-
mouth st.. bet. Fifth and Sixth, off Folsom. .
AMERICAN woman wishes place to clean
house, wash. Iron; $1 per day and car fare.
Box 2777. Call office.
1-RESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter;
tews 60c a day. M. C. box »79L Call. :
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work, cooking; $25. Apply 3237 Sixteenth st.
DRESSMAKING and tallorinz by a first class
fitter at f2 per day. Box 2800, Call office.
EASTERN woman, elderly, desires work by
day. week or month: used to children: cook-
Ing and washing; wages $12 month. Call at
2iO Tehama st.
GERMAN girl wishes work to do; —ashing and
housecleanlng by the day; wages ?1 10. 1120Q
Golden Gate ave.. rear. ,
A YOUNG woman would like a situation as
housekeeper In city, or country If desired.
Box '.181. Call office.
A WOMAN wants work by the day at wash-
Ing and Ironing; no half-day; terms Jl 50 per
day, r Address 316% Langton at.
NURSE with experience to take. care of invalid
lady or gentleman; city or country; dty.ref-
erences. Box 4200. Call offlce.
WOMAN student wants evening work: teach,
nurse, watch, clerk; $10 month. Box 4167, CalL
RESPECTABLE woman wants position as
housekeeper. Address MRS. A. O.^ 210 Eddy.
SITUATION wanted by colored girl as house-
maid or chambermaid. Call at 16 Lewis st.
WAITING at table or by the day. 403 Third.
A LADY fcr general housework or housekeeper. 1
347 Clementina st. , • . '.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy: pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant 'ave.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third »t; near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms ; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 DO to $6
week : convenient and respectable ; free - ' bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦^ received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmora-'Bt.
A KHANCn olflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions h&s been established at 10J0
Valencia Et. '- ¦ * : ¦ ". V j.-~ .
ESIPLOYMETVT WANTED— MALE,
A— ATTENTION hotel and restaurant keepers.
C. R. Hansen A Co., telephone Grant 185, has
a number of first-class chefs, bakers art!
- pastry cooks, butchers and . all-round ¦ oooks,
also waiters, . waitresses, chambermaids,
kitchen and laundry help wanting situations,
city or country. C.R. : HANSEN _ CO., 101
¦Geary st. . . .' ¦¦ '•, -->.: '.;..'' \ '-.-'.
ATTENTION. rRBchers. farmers. ' dairies, log-
ging camps, sawmills, mines and contractor.
; ...Alljorders for men we can flir promptly...
..........Telephone Grant 1S5...V.."... ......
C. R. HANSEN-& CO..... ...... .104 Geary at
COACHMAN wants situation; csn do some gar-
dening:, good - driver; ' thoroughly competent;
, city references. Box 4786, Call office. -';.,;¦.
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel s waiter desires
eteady position. Address II. KIEHL, New
• Atlantic . Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave. ¦ \,
BLACKSMITirS helper wants 'work.:. Box 2791.
CaU offlce. : : . - - r *
GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper wishes
a situation; first-class references. W. BOH-
. LING. . 417 Kearny st. ' .... ...
YOUNG man wishes position as porter and as-
: Elstant ¦' barkeeper; not ¦' afraid " of work. AA-
tiresj box SKI, GsJV.Offle*. " • __¦,•-;
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE. •
WANTED— By ranchman, married, < place on
ranch ; ' California experience In. fruit general
; farming and stock; good milker; can. run an
engine; practical man; good working fore-
. man ; will work for $25 and found or $32 50 per
month and find own provisions; wants place
with use of small house for family; have own
household goods; will to any place; family
are good workers In fruit when wanted: wife
a good cook. Address A. LORING* Skyland,
Santa Cruz Co.. Cal.
MIDDLE-AOED man, strictly trustworthy,
good references, desires position aa wateh-
. man or Janitor; 20 years a resident of ' this
city. Address E. S.. 3992 Army Bt.
BOOKKEEPER desires position; city or coun-
try. Address O. C. I_, 1436 Leavenworth st.,
San Francisco. » ¦ - ' '- -. . .
SWEDE 35 wants position as porter, hotel,
country: understands bar and horses; smart
and handy. Box 4197. Call offlce.
COACHMAN; can milk cows and car« for gar-
den; first-class family reference. Box 41S1,
Call office. -. - - : - s '
MAN and wife (Americana) wish Janitor work
in officHiuilldine or lodging house; references.
Artdres. box 2780.' Call office.
STRONG. : active young man, 19, wants posl-
- tlon i In book or, general merchandise store
in country. Box 36S1, Call office. -
A WELL educated - man wishes position as
traveling or stationary companion; speaks
English and French; reference. Box 4159, Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, planoa, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
• 15 Grant ave. ".,»; . '¦ .. - . .-
JAPANESE cook wants position to do cooking
or general work in the family. Call at 78S
Haight St.; telephone Page 190L " v -
CHINESE boy desires situation as plain cook
In private family; wages $& week. GEE GEP.
803 Dupont; st. - —
CHINESE desires situation as cook In private
family; wages $30 to $35. ONG LIP. 809
Dupont^st. ...
A MARRIED man wants a position as bar-
keeper; sober/ industrious. Box 419C, Call.
PRACTICAL nurse or valet wants, position;
steady and strictly sober. 699 Polk st
COOK wants position country hotel. Institution
S or mining camp. Box 2779, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2SM Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenrla st. . \
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. M»na"i». oculist nptlrlan. "tin Mkt.
financial;
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
stle call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 604 Parrott building.
FLATST TO LET.
100 FLATS and houses, etc.. to rent
1427 Washington st, flat, 8 rooms $35
1207V 3 Dcvlsadero st., fiat. 6 rooms......:... 22
16<W»4 Turk st, flat 6 rooms 16
1424 Howard st., flat, 5 rooms.., 14
6S0C Jessie st., flat. 3 rooms "
230 Tehama St., flat. 5 rooms.. 10
634 Elizabeth «st., cottage, 5 rooms 15
17 Minna st. flat. 6 roams 13
Flats wanted. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
SUNNY desirable flats; Oak and Laguna sts.;
7, 8. 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply MADI.
' SON & BURKE. -
A SNAP; 4 rooms, clean and sunny; reduced
to ft. 1424H Howard st. .
HAIGHT, 4J3B, near Flllmore— Flat of 4 sunny
rooms; yard; basement; jaundry; $1L •
IF you want to move eet printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN >t- HOWELL. Ki Montgomery.
LOWER flat:* 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry,
storeroom. $11. 2419 Clay at., near Flllmore.
MINNA. 1012. near 11th— 4 sunny rooms, hall
and large yard; rent $13.- . ¦¦.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions from $1 to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant ave.
REED. 2S— 3 cocy room!; rent $10. Apply 1325
Washlngto nst. near Jones.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath. 115 Leaven-
worth st.
VALLEJO. 1111 — Four sunny rooms and bath;
all newly papered and palntal.
$11— FINE flat. 4 large rooms, bath; gas and
large yard. 3328 Nineteenth st, between San-
chez and Noe: key upstairs.
$7— 4-ROOM Hats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brvant.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FLAT of 5 rooms nicely furnished for house-
keeplng. 13 Elizabeth st. near Guerrero.
. FURNITURE FOR SALE.,
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127- 1131 Mar-
ket St.: telephone South 637.
FURNITURE WANTED. .
CHAS LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc.^.1125 Market st; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission. [
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel Polk 691.
furniture £c furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP ». ANTED— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Salt Lake City, Utah, fare here;
head waitress, city, $25: 2 waitresses, city,
$20; waitresses for different commercial coun-
try hotels, $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to
wait, city and country, $20; 2 chambermaids,
$18; woman cook. $30; 2 plain laundresses,
same hotel, $25 and $20, and many others....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Italian housekeeper, $15; mother and daugh-
ter, cook and assistant, city, $40; section
cook, see party here; second girl and assist
with children, $20; cook, small family, city,
$30: cook, four In family and 4 In help, $30;
and too many orders for housegirls, second
Klrls. nurseElrls, city and country, to enu-
merate. C. R, HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— A woman cook for small country
hotel; wages $<0; 37 miles from city on rail-
road; must be good, plain and competent
cook: also for same place, a girl for dining- j
room and to assist with laundry. For partic-
ulars call at Golden West Hotel, Monday, Oct. |
22. and Inquire for MISS C. COLOMBET, be-
tween the hours of 10 and '12 a, m.
A— SECOND Klrl. Berkeley. $25; 3 second Klrls.
. city, $25 and $20; cook, $S0; laundress, $25; 2
nurseglrls. $25 and $20; nurseglrl, Oakland,
125. Sirs. Norton. 8i3 sutter st.
A RESPECTABLE girl to do housework and
asslpt in cooking'; no small children; good
wages. Flat 1410 Webster st. [
WANTED— Girl to assist In light housework
and mind children; wages $10 to $12 month.
Call at 227V4 Francisco st, near Stockton..
"YOUNG girl wanted to assist light housework
and take care of baby; good home. 1632 McAl-
lister. St. • . .
GIRL to care for baby and do light house-
work. Call bet. 10 and 12, 422 Golden , Gate.
YOUNG girl assist In housework: no washing.
Apply Monday and Tuesday morn., 1033 Ellis.
A competent young woman for pen. housework;
no washing; reference required. 1712 Webster.
GIRL to do cooklnp? and general housework for
2; cood wages. 138 Twelfth Bt.
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
German cooklnc. 1440, O'Farrell Bt.
YOUNG German girt for cooking; wages $25.
1207 Gough st.
WANTED— One good waitress. 106 Second Bt
WOMAN for housework and ' plain cooking. 9
Glen Park ave., off Twelfth and Mission sts.
ELDERLY German : woman ' (Catholic) ' for
.housework; $10 per month. Apply 782 Fulton.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; 2'ln fam-
lly. 1749 Ellis St.. near Stelner.
GOOD finisher,' and apprentice; good , ¦wages;
. steady>wcrk. 254 Ellis Bt.
WANTED-Olrlito assist In feneral housework.
1410% Geary st* , : -
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
838. O'Farrell st. . . . : _
TOUNO German girl to assist In light house-
work. 691 McAllister »t. -¦- ;-:¦,'¦
GIRL for general : housework In a small - mod-
-.. em' house; ... family of ; three; -must be good
cook : wages $20. . , Call : forenoons 10 to 12, - or
address 1U7 Green St.; take O'Farrell-E tears.
REFINED : middle-aged or elderly * woman as
housekeeper for - 2 r children: - permanent to
right party; wages* $10;' country: no triflers.
Address C. B. HATCH, Elk P. , Oi. CaJ. , v -^ -t .
WANTED— A woman not under 23 by a whole-
sale house to travel: mutt be trustworthy and
accurate.; Box 41S5. Call office.:- ,;¦>;--.
OPERATORS on > muslin '-¦ underwear; ~: steam
: .power. . G. , W. - REYNOLDS, . 697 Mission: St.,
corner " Second. \ ¦ \ .¦*<••.;¦ .
GERMAN girl or woman who speaks the lan-
guage correctly/ 8341 Twenty-fourth sf; fore-
noons. . .
SEWING girls, attention !— Experienced opera-
tore- on drees and. negligee shirts: steady
work; g^od pay, Loweaberf Co,, 27. Jeesl* it.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK, Mountain vlew./^. ;.....|20
Stanford ..........:..;........;......; ...$20
Berkeley ;-... ."..".$25
. Mill Valley $20
Alameda, 3 in family, fare paid. $25
Oakland ........'. $25
' Sonoma'.". ...; $20
And other towns.
Boarding-house cook. Vallejo. $25; boarding-
house cook, city, $85; - working housekeeper.
Berkeley, $iB, no objection to a child; house-
keeper, Yuba City. $20; woman with a child,
I Mt.- View, $15, fare paid, and several others.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at
FIRST-CLASS skirt hand for ladies' tailor;
also an apprentice: paid while learning. VER-
DIER. 984. Geary et. ' -
REFINED girl for light second work and to
take care of child 7 years old; call between
10 and _. 2203 Buchanan st
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS operators on pantil steady
work. Apply B. H. LEVY (lno.). 611 Market
WANTED— Young girl to assist In general
housework. Apply 1513 Vallejo at
IMPROVERS on skirta and waists wanted.
FRANCES, 796 8utter at.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on ladles' tailoring
wanted. FRANCES. 796 Sutter st
LUNCH waitress for small restaurant 340 Sut-
ter at
FIRST-CLASS operators on . Singer machines;
electric power; high wages. 2S1 Powell st.
GIRL or woman to make herself generally use-
f ul In small family. > 1107 Filbert st.
GIRL or woman for light' housework; wage*
$15. 2427 Sutter st.
LADIES to solicit for novelty corset: salary and
' commission. ¦; A. L.. box 3680. Call offlce.
WANTED— Women and girls to work oa fruit
1731 Folsoft.tt. between Uth and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia «t. . -
HELP WASTED-MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 5841
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
•--•" -WANT— 7 A. M.. MONDAY
A— 20 laborers for mills, yards and woods;
large sawmill company.... $26 to $40 and fd
driver for delivery wagon, city $12 week
carpenter for the mines, $75; single hand
miners f
EO laborers, city and country. .$Y 75 'and"$2*day
10 plow teamsters $26 and $30 and found
26 ranch; hands butter makers and milkers
Men to alg sweat potatoes $30 and found
Coachmen.... fanner and wife, see boss here
Carriage painter ....blacksmith
Harness maker ....' boy for milk wagon
Lumber piler3. $60 ; drillers
Chore boys, etc. MURRAY & READY. 834-
636 Clay st. ,
A— SPECIAL
Cook for hospital, ten men $40 and found
Cook for ranch, $50 and found; experienced
man for dellcatesren store $40 and found
Coatmaker $15 to $20 week
MURRAY - READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— 28 COOKS $?.0. $40. $35. $30 and found
18 waiters $35, $30. $25 and found
1% launurymen, butchers, porters. •
Markers for laundry.
- MURRAY & READY, 634 and 6S6 Clay at
a R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 GEARY ST.
RAILROAD WORK.
8 stonemasons, railroad work, Nevada. ..$3 50
stonemason foreman, R. R. work, Cal.. 4 50
50 teamsters, R. R. work. Nevada 2 00
60 laborers, R. R. work. Nevada 2 00
Free fare. Ship daily. Free fare.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT,
chef, |S0 to $100: 2 second cooks, who can do
pastry, $30 to $60; 2 dishwashers. $30;' broiler,
hotel, $50: 6 waiters, hotels and restaurants,
country, $30 and $3 a week: 3 bell and eleva-
tor boys, $10 and $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 GEARY ST.
MILKER, country, $25 and found; free fare.
"See party at C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S. 104
Geary st., at noon to-day.
A— WANTED
Blacksmith for dredger, $40 and found; farm-
2 er and wife, Sonoma Co., $40: gardener, pri-
vate place, country, $25: second or third hand
baker, country shop. $30 and found and fare
paid; man to get out timbers for mine, $2 a
day; steamboat cook, $40; 10 Italian pruners;
assistant waiter. Institution, $15 and found;
boy for factory, $6 60 a week: youth as porter
in furniture house, $6 a week and Increase; 2
laborers fcr mine, $1 75 a day. W. D. EWER.
& CO.. '610 Clay at. . 1
A— 8 CARPENTERS. 1 painter. 20 cabinet-mak-
ers, 20 benchhands, 3 sticker-hands, 1 sash
and door man at Mechanics' Registration
Bureau, 410 Kearny st. room 9. Non-union
mechanics please register: no offlce fee.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
LABORERS, pick and shovel, with board.
Fourteenth ave. and N st South; take Ken-
tucky-st cars. •
WANTED— Steady man with small capital -.light
work; will pay $60 per month; experience not
required. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union— Bus. office 765
Market, rooms 3 and 4. I. LEES, Secretary.
BARBER— Toung man; steady. 796 Oeary st
LUNCH waiter wanted. 690 Fourth st
ERRAND boy for merchant tailor store; age 14
to 16; references. Box 4737, Call office.
EXTRA waiter; also extra man for noon. 23S
Townsend st.
BUSHELER wanted for second-hand clothes.
Apply 1M2& Howard st
FIRST-CLASS painters. 1614 Market st.
WANTED— Cook. 1012 Battery et
TOUNG grocer xlerk; 18 or 19 years of age.
437 Fourth st-ft
WANTED— Violin * player. Gaiety saloon, 432
Dupont st; call before 3 p. m.
BUTCHER boy with experience. 514 Valencia
street - - -
BOY Apply 211 Minna st. 12 to 1. ¦
WANTED— 2 good carpenters and helper; come
early. 1902 Fillmore st . a
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st. .
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker on custom coats. 927
Market st., room 721. *>S£ -
WANTED — Pressman on custom pants; steady
work. 411H Kearny St., top floor.
WANTED— Young man for ranch; must milk;
be handy with tools. . Apply 734 Bush et
WANTED— Strong Japanese boy on ranch to
cook, milk and make garden. 764 Bush Bt.
ELETVATOR boy. 29 Stockton street
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 623 Clay st '
BARBERS — 3-chalr-shop for sale; going East.
14 Turk st
WANTED— Offlce boy In largo office : good
place for boy who has had the right kind of
home training; must be cleanly, quick, will-
ing and bright; give age, where last em-
ployed, references, etc. Box 27S7, Call offlce.
A NEAT, clean, well-mannered colored young
.man as light porter in men's furnishing store;
must come well recommended : $6 ~ week to
start. 623 Market St.. after 10 a. m.
DRUG clerk; a reliable, competent prescrip-
tion clerk wanted In a prominent drugstore;
one who speaks German and • French pre-
ferred. Box 2783, Call. offlce.
"WANTED— First-class salesman to take as a
• » side line California produce; Nevada, Utah
and Montana. Apply 301 Drumm st.
2-CHAIR shop doing from $30 to $35 per week;
this Is a bargain and must be sold at once.
Box 3697, Call offlce. . ::.-¦¦
1100,000 TO . loan ort diamonds, watches, teal-
fklns. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
BASSOS and tenors for vested choir; Instruc-
tion given in sight reading. • The Good Sa-
maritan Mission. Second st., - near Folsom.
WANTED— Machine edge trimmer and setter
WENTWORTH-SWITZEK SHOE CO.. 119
Pine e.t. ... . ; : . r
WANTED — Fur ' nailer; given a steady Job.
PACKERT, • 318 Leavenworth . St.. bet. Edjy
and Ellis.
FIR8T-CLAS8 watchmaker;" steady position;
city ; store; , state -previous - employment: ref-
ences. Box 4108. Cal 1 offlce. .,
JOT ANTED- Laborers and ¦ mechanics to I know
- that Kd Rolkln, . Reno House proprietor, still
runa: Denver. Houae, 217 Third at;: ISO large
s rooms ; 25c per night ; $1 to $2 per week. ¦
GET your shoes half soled I while waiting: " 25c
to SOc.: 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d ats.
FIRST-CLASS' operators *• on pants; steady
- work. . Apply, E. H. LEVY (Inc.). 513 Market.
YOUNG; man with experience desires position
* : with coatmaker. ' Box 4172. Call. . ¦ . ; . . .
MAN: for Industrial debit: 8 to » a. m.. 8 to c
. p. m. i M. L. RYAN, . room 6, 406 Montgomery.
WANTED-^A , good coatmaker ¦ at . «0 Kearny
¦A st.,' . first . floor. - room : 1; „• ; . „ * V
FIRST-CLASS ladles'- 1 tailor on ladles' coats.
VERDIER. 884 Geary St. " - - . •
BOY '» for Jewelry trade. % R. ' BU JAUNOFF, 17
: Lick ' place. ', Lick House. , ; •
GOOD general bakers evenings, g to 11; bright
r: prospect.' sober. . reliable ¦. man. ¦ Box ¦ 4157, > Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 613 Mission »;t., bet. \st and. 24 lU,
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MEN wanted for the United SUtes Navy— Ma- ¦
chlnlsts, first class, age 21 to SS, pay per
month. $56; machinists, second class, age 21,
to 35.. pay per month. $40; electricians, third
class, age 21 to 35, pay per month $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35, pay per
month, $25; seamen, age 21 to 35, pay per
month, m; ordinary seamen, age 13 to 30.
pay per month. $19; landsmen, age 18 to 25.
pay per month. $16; apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17. pay per month. $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dls-
auallfylrur ailments. Machinists must pass
¦ an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination In electricity, espe-
cially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwright* must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the phys-
ical examination only. The term of enlist-
ment Is for four years. Should a man re-en-
Hst within a period of four months from the
data of honorable discharge he will receive a
bonus of four months' pay and an addition
to hta monthly pay of $1 36 for eaoh re-enlist-
ment. Rations, medicines and medical at-
tendance are furnished gratis in addition to
pay. ( Privilege of retirement after thirty
rears* service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It Is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
larce number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every opportunity
for advancement as soon as they are qualified
for the higher ratings. The early completion
of a number of fine ships for the navy will
make a large Increase in the enlisted . force
necessary, and this will cause a correspond-
ing large increase In the number of petty offi-
cers, who will be advanced from the lower
ratings. Recruits who may be accepted will
be assigned to a U. S. war vessel; appren-
tices to the naval training station. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. Applications should be made at
the U. 8. Naval Recruiting Rendezvous, cor-
ner of Market and East streets, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento St.. near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required: positions jruaranteed: special
inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'3 BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co., old. reliable
firm. 806 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg.: pen-
sion vouchers executed. 25c: advice free.
A CAKE baker: wages $40: board and lodging.
2808 Twenty-fourth, street
YOUNG man wanted to learn the barber trade;
easy terms. 713 Mission st. -
BARBER shop for sale: good chance for mar-
ried man. Call 1096 Valencia st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
tOc. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 639
Market (basement) to 638 Market st. upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. US Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18
years' practice: Examiner building.
LINDELL House, corner 8Ixth and Howard-
Rooms, 15c to 2Sc night; 75c to $2 week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r<»cclve<1 at Call branch office. 2?0O Klllmore st.
HEMORRHOIDS. "
PILES— 300 cures business men in San Fran-
v cisco: can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 19^0. Call.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,'
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 67 Minna at. be-
tween First and Second.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folgom st. S. F.
2 FINE family cows for sale at C GILL'S.
4520 Mission at
¦-.---- - H - OUSE ? -T-? }^!!l' nnn
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
rent $37 SO; water free; yard.
FOR rent— House, 7 rooms; double parlors. 10
Mary St.. near Fifth.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— To lease, modern house. Western
Addition; 10 or 12 rooms. Box $673. Call offlce.
™^ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A eet of plans. Please return and oblige
HERMANN, architect. 129 Sutter st
LOST — A Fox terrier, with toe missing from,
right front paw. Owner and reward at sa-
loon. N. W. cor. First and Howard sts.
LOST— Fox terrier; spot on' back: license S59.
Return Ul'.j Webster st : reward.
$100,000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladle*'
specialists; 12 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at offlce; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps, for circular.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned-
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. Moved 101S Market
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of casesvwlth
success; 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
' home; low fees. 1007^ Market st. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' specialist:
treatment, $5; private home before and dur-
ing confinement; hours. 9 to 5; Sunday. 10 to
2. Removed to 997 Market st. cor. Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement: treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; guar-
anteed. 912 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc. ; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st, corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' §pe-
claltst; home In confinement: safe and r«-
llable: consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for IT
years; always successful. 323 Kearny st
PR. WI8B. the ladles' spectallst 1118 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S3 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship ; everything In . 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— ALMOST new D. B. hammerless shotgun
for $28; original cost $50. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
SPECIAL for Monday and Tuesday only; a
beautiful almost new 14 karat lady's gold
watch, having 6 diamonds In center of case,
for only $30; the original cost was $60. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant ave. /
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 62S and 630 Clay st.. near Kearny. has
Just started; storekeepers can be supplied
with all kinds of brooms at the cheapest
rates; orders by mall attended to.
A NEARLY new Yost typewriter, latest style
$35; full worth $60; write quickly for sample
of _ work. I* _ M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery «t
BUT a brand new typewriter for |5 down and J5
per month: write for catalogue and price
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 40s California
st: rentals, new machines. $} per i__th;
A— BUYS, sells or rents t*e«r machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, ihartlng Duilevs.
etc. WHITELAW. «8 Spear^T puIlpy8 -
EHNK suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75 Mtstttt
PARLORS. 437 Mont|go_e7Srrt? T
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75 Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at., near Pln£
A-10O HORSEPOWER engine, boiler 2-driTl
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont «"
15 H. P. engine and -boiler; good aa new-
cheap. 116 Kallroad ave.. South 8. r. 7'
THOROUGHBRED English pugs for sale
cheap. MR3. ARMSTRONG. 282^ yatOHuf.^
e w^^i lg^ to —
¦TS& ggtfg- r M^va- a^_
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and ,wuo4
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Bealo.
MaoIL lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po»t it.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California at.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. TH3
WALTZ SAFE. lttMll Market St.. San Fran.
.MISCELLANKOl\s WANTS.
WANTED — To buy. a second-hand National
cash register; must be In good working con-
dition. 'Address box 416S, Call offlce.
"WANTED — Second-hand planing mill machin-
ery: also boile<- and engine: all in good con-
dltlon. Vox. Z7M. Call offlce.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought;
will call. L, Bros.. S Stktn; phone Black _0U
WANTED— Upright piano for ca_u H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off, clathtnsr bought Ai
sold. Sllverman. 9S1 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brle-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. J—ste 14L
-1!ON_Y TO LOA.V.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payabl*
back in installments or aa a whole; If you
' owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan aa long aa you* de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; s«« u«
first; you will be waited upon quietly an I
quickly. Call tS-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ,.„,,
Interests in Estates ,
Undivided Interests In Real Estate 4
Financial problems of all sorts and size t
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
ANY amount at C per cent; 1st. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; < per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18. first floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEn!
HIGHLY respectable, " private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low,
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S48 Market
St.; tel. Main 1S44. Branch ID Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate, an t
estates; chattel mortgages; notea and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. ,W. J. HE9THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny st., room. 9, respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamond*; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and]
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We Kan money to build wlthi
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDIKa
COMPANY. 223 Sansome st.. room £,
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos; S pe»
cent; no removal: no commla'n. I Eddy, r. H.
TO salaried people without security: all busl-
ness confident— L Tousley Co.. 821 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st.. room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, nn. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, eto. S3 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people or. note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $1000 to assist young mania mana-
facturing business already established. Bos
2789. Call office.
¦ J^SICAL PSTREMBm
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy' »
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to th«
public for the past three years. A larg« size,
beautifully finished, full toned piano, with
Btool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$350, $8 cash and $8 per month. This Is not a
cheap piano, full value- being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY. Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 303. 319. 212 Post.
LIST OF GENUINE SNAP_ WARRXNTExC
To close out odd makes we offer:
1 Behr Bros .....1 Harflman
1 Standard. J Sterling
2 Klnssburys ----- * Curtaa
1 Fischer 1 Hallett A Davia
1 Stelnway - 1 Shaw
at sacrifice prices; all in perfect condition.
Prices from $145 up — easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS O"E_-ren St.
Chickering Agency: sheet muslo.
WE sell the Decker _ Son for the- best, be-
cauee It la the best. Sea and b» convinced
at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
PACKARD Dlanoa beat the world for _,«
money. Large stock at MAUVAIS'. 789 Mar-
ket st.
YOU cannot afford to buy until our larg* stock
of new and second-hand pianos has been
examined. MAUVAIS', 7C0 Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY &. CO.'S have the privilege of ax-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $8 cash, $3 per month t
some good pianos for $3, $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN CLAY A CO.. 8TBINWAT,
DEALERS, corner Kearny and 3 utter •_..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts., Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholataU
and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains In all standard makes from $33
to {235.
Agents for the Peerltra Heine, Ha_«tt _
Davis. Boston's oldest and most famous r l>n fV
also Behr Bros, and 10 other, make*.
Pianos rented: rent allowed oa parchaM,
HEINE PIANO CO.. Kl Geary st.
BE In the swim; rent a new piano for IS pa*
month. SCOTT-CURT A2 CO.. 680 Hayesj st,
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and Urgest bousa
west of Chicago is KOIILER A CHASE'S. 28.
2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs aa4
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dons to pleas* and satisfy th«
customer. .
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world 7
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Oeary st.
ELEGANT cabinet grand upright piano; sacri-
flee; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave. .
AT Dewing* s. 809 Market— Three slightly us«4
uprights, Stelnway. Dewing. C— me Broa.
SUPERIOR Yiollns, xlthers. old and new. B.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham plaoa.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new. and
other great bargains. BRU—NN. ao» Poet at.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; sacrificed oa a*«
count of sickness.- 907 McAllister st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dlrtcheapi
installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st. * el ««"L,^"
rights at your own price, Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN: must be sold: nice upright P»*no.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next. HIP. Ba_ u
HIOH-GRADE pianos; Stecfc^ Ijjvdeavi. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post
OFPICISS A>P STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKEL3 building: K7 Market St.—
Light sunny office?. U* to $M per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and n«e of phone.
DESK room with »™^%2" _r_*_l __r_?f*
very low. Apply to P. STOLTZ. 638 Market.
rwi-w; rmsT . lof t 573 Mission st.; 25x80. s«o-
ond'loft K7 Mission it; power available.
LARGE elegant store and basement: 993 Va-
iencia *l. nek' tMi business center. __
OIIj _AXDS FOR SALE.
'^•ACl_S^SeK«tS«* district Kera County.
"l mUeTfroi A.phalta station. R.. M* Four-
ttenth St.. Oakland.
__ . pXlmistrt.
CAVr \-eERGAaHd. "CO Post; teL Hyde 2983 •
hour.^1 to 5 e]ff and Sunday by appointment
TZ tpROME FOSSELLL scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561^
PERSOXALS.
ALL patrons of the Hirsutlne Co. who deslr«
Reliable hair and scalp treatment will find rn«
In my same rooms. 73 and 74 Su Ann's bldg..
I Eddy st, where I am curing falling talr
and dandruff; hair grown on bald scalps and
Iny restored. MRS. E. R. DUNLAP. pro-
prletresa.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. S. 793.
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers ana hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture craning a specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 320 Uth st.
_A.TEST improved extension shoe & sandal for
the lame with one limb shorter than the other-
makes feet look alike; send for circular. WM.'
KeJJ0LL_N. Gta. Altnt, Humfflt, 6«_ ,PALACE HOTEL.
D T Davlea &w. Wash
F H Harvey, Gait
R Duber, Ind
O Q Johnson, Rlrersde
R Dumphjr, Stanford
A W Keely. Berkeley
Glade, Guatemala
C W Peck, Chicago
H A Sieeel. N Y
W H Ryan. N r
A M Wartt & w. N Y
W J Bntchelder. Colo
R Edmunds, N Y
Max Huseh, N Y
A J Frank. Boston
W H Remington. Tma
H F Norrts, Milwaukee
F L Lang-an. MinnpU
W IT Moore. St Louis
L A French & w. N V
E H Brown. Mass
McMlchael. Chicago
W H Post&w. Stocktn
Fam L L«vy. N T
J M Martin. N T
E C Bartlett. Arizona
J B Patton. M Y
G M Gregory. N Y
T B Wllcox, Portland
Mrs T B Wilcox. do
Mr*. D. Belden. S Jos*
Agnes Farrell. Berkly
A Weal. N Y
Miss J SX IlalL N T
Efn> Riddle, N T
K Nanjo. Japan
A Gray. England
A Holber. Et Louia
Mrs M D Connell,
Mis* Connell. Wash
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J McCaffrey, Pa
F E Bandain. Chicago
L P Pavarchueh. Mo
A A IlrtdjMooks. Or
II Keefe. Portland
L J Wonderly. Chicag-
A P Foster. Ontario
L Lunp. Ontario
Mr* P F Mnton. Ore
C P Shockley. Valeja
R Salfcr. Crockett
M P Crist. Vallejo
A II Hankett. L An*
W H Johnson, Boston
O M Jackson. Chicatco
A C Taylor & w, Cal
S Kru«<»r, Chicago
J C Effinger & w, HI
A J Parovlch. IU
C Lewis. Portland
J M Roger, Portland
H G Hamilton. S Jose
W W Kcttlewell & w.
3 E Vermullen. Bishop
H W v^nmaster. Or*
T J Dnnovan. Ventura
D Babbitt. Fiarstaff
L R Prince. Boston
Hr *• Losnado. S Jose
R Ell'ott & w, Wis
WC Younj. LAkeoort
J F Se'berllne. Ohio
A A De Llgne. Cal
F W I/iWf. Knights
G E O'bsan. Cal
A Wr.rner. Cal
O P Hellwlsr. Cal
F Delmar. Stockton
J T Davis. Carson
A Rummelsburg. Cal
A C White. Stockton
I Bird. Merced
M Hurley & w, Fresno
J F Hodge. Auburn
Mrs T tt Flemmlns.
Ouerneyvllle
R E Barry, Vallejo>
P Heime A w. Om
T Conallaro. San Jo*4>
C L WUlard. Chicago
J M HansbrouKh. Ore
E F Foster. Cal
A B Hotchkiss, Cal
D W. Pierce, L. Angeles
GRAND HOTEL.
C Toung & w, Ky
E B Worrell. Boston
M A MeCord Manila
W G Brentwood & w,
Oakland
L Tozer. Sacramento
J G Whlttlngtotj. Cal
W H Sherrod. Or«
W Corell. Lockport
W Jlacuire. Cal
E C culler Grass Val
K L Reese. Bodie
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
TO SAIL.
SUNDAY. OCTOBER 21.
Bartlow alias Bowers alias Melvin^^t al.. by
J. B. Lanktree, commissioner) to Continental
Building and Loon Association, lot 20, nn-map
of subdivision of Lake Merritt Park, East Oak
land; $1000. \
Mary E. Bowen to Annie M. Swan, the SE
eighth of lot 124. In plat 40. Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $13.
Jeislo S. and Albert S. J. Rohrer to Ida H.
Sorrick, lot on N line of Channing way, 230 W
of Shattuck avenue. W 73 by N 130. being lot
13 and W half of lot 11, block 2. Barker Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Joseph L. Gayet to Augusta II. Small, lot on
N line of Highland avenue, 120 E of Laurel
street, E 40 by N 132.50. being lot 4, block N,
Amended Map of Moss Tract, Brooklya Town
ship: $10. •
- Adallne J. and Allen J. Buell to David XV.
Smith, lots 21 and 22. block F, In Corrected Map
of Nlcol Tract: also lot 19, block D, De Wolf
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Melissa Chadbourne (and aa administratrix
of estate of Jabcz Chadbourne), Genevleve. Ada.
U. and Margaret G. Scott. T. P. and C. L.
Tlsdale. Sarah A. Stone and the California
Improvement Company et al. (by W. S. Har
low, commissioner) to Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, lot on SW line of Endnal ave
nue. 117: 6H SE of Mound street.' SE 117:61* by
SW 219:7. being the S half of block 74, Ala
meda; ?56C<«.
•¦ Hanna M. and George Peterson to Johann
J. Petersen, the S 35 feet of lot 25, block 63,
tract B, Berkeley Land and T»wn Improvement
Association. Berkeley: $10. •"
' James L. and Mary C. Barker to Lana P.
Griffith (wife of Hansford), lot onN line of
Channing way, 75 W of Dana street. W 75 by
N 130, portion of lot 4, block 12. map of Col
lege Homestead Association, Berke!»y; $ioo
Elizabeth B.. Groom to Ernest R. Groom, lot
on N W corner of ¦ Railroad avenue and Willow
street, ¦ N 60 by W 100. being portions of lots
8 and 9. block 10. on ma p of . property of J IX
Thompson. Alameda: gift. • • -•
Juana Zeh to Gottlieb Zeh, lot on SE corner
of Walnut street and Central avenue, E 210U
hv S 230, Alameda; also lot on S line of Cen
tral avenue, 260:4 E of Walnut street. E 1S9:S,
S 290. XV 74:8, N 150, W. 115, N 140 to beginning
Alameda; gift. • •
•James T. Ashby to Patrick Flynn. lot on E
line of Essex street, 3S2.38 ¦ \V of Wheeler. W
•50 by 8 100, lot 4, block :E, on Amended Map,
B portion' of Newbury Tract, Berkeley; $10.
William F. Hlllegass to; Regents of Univer
sity ' of California. 1.54 acres, beginning at a
point on B line of lands of: State University,
dl-tant SW S32 from W line of College street,
thence SE 213 to center of Sylvan way, ¦; thence
1 W curving to the left with 866 feet radius* 141.80,
I thence on a tangent SW 189.60. NW 230. NE S31
to beglnntng, portion of plat 71, Ro. V. and D.
Peralta, Berkeley: $16,500. v" •-.*
Eugenie E. and J. Henry Meyer to same. l.M
acres on SW corner of College avenue and lands
of State University of California, • thence SE
327 76 feet to center Of Sylvan way, thence W
curving to the left with a radius of 866 feet
211, thence NW 243. NE S32 to beginning, portion
of plat 71, Ro. V. and D. Peralta,. Berkeley;
$2a.6oo. - ¦ ! -sMUJypigiTwCiM"Twy«'nwMaeag^5syBMa
Merle Hillegass to same, beginning at a point
on N line of lands of Jennie Barrow, by > deed
of November 30, 1888, at intersection of said N
line of said' lot with. W line of a certain street
CO feet • wide. < running N from Bancroft way,
said beginning: point being distant N from Ban
croft y**% 190. thence "WV !».»,' mv *M. 78, NB
Alameda' County.
Aujrust and Margaret A. Lotz to Martha An
derson lot on S line of Army street, 115 W o£
Dolores. W 25 by S 114; $10.
John E. Sharp to Patrick F. Dundon, lot on
S line' of Jefferson street, 137:6 E of Leaven
worth, E 137:6 by S 137:6; also lot on NE cor
ner of Beach and Jones streets, E 275 by N
137:6; $10. ¦ "
Jacob Heyman Company to Samuel D. Cole,
lot on E Una of Forty-seventh avenue, 200 N
of J street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
R. C. and Emma C. Andrus to J. A. Reeder.
lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue, 200 S of
T street. S 25 by B 120; $10. -
Edward P. and Rowena Head to F. B. Yoa
kum lot on SE corner of Madrid and South
'Silver avenue, SW,*1$8, SE 100, NE 2D6:5%, : .\V
121-2^4 block 33. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
F. n Yoakum to XV. R. Lett, same; $10.
Charles H. Reynolds to Judnh Boas, lots 1233
to 1253, Gift Map 2; $1400.
Charles F. Walt to Pacific Improvement Com
pany/ undivided Interest in 3 acres marsh land
bounded N and E by San Antonio Creefc, S by
High, lana of the Enclnai and.W by bay of
San Francisco, Alameda; $10.
: Hannah K. Clapp to same ,(434-779) and Oak
land Water Front Company - (S4S-779). .all In
terest in following Beginning at SB corner of
Tract 23, marsh land, as partitioned among
owners' In. suit No. S923. Pacific • Improvement
Company vs. James "A. Waymlre. et al., thence
NW 84,- SW 267.69 to W boundary line of Tract
No. 29. ; thence SE 84.33. to SW corner of Tract
20. thence NE 260.09 to beginning, Alameda: »10.
Mutual Savings Fund L. and B. Association
to 1. L. KendiB. re-record 602 D. 237. lot on S
line of Fifthstreet. 75 W- of Oak. W 25 by S
100, .being lot 14. block 123, as per Kellersber
rer*s' man, ¦ Oakland : : $10.
-Edmund and -.Nellie H. Hoffman to Delia E.
Watson, lot on W line of Adeline street. 124:8-14
N-of Eighth street, N 50 by W 128:3, portion of
block 647, as per Boardman's map. Oakland: 110.
Howard ' K. and Mattie E. James; to Max-
Karet Manning (single), lot on E: line, of Fil
bert street,' 238:10 S of Twenty-first. 8 50 by E
125, portion of block 614, as per same, Oakland:
|io. /Lx3***^fs^«s»»KW£«***si&aM.iiii»" l^'i*<i l "«yc«a
George W. Austin to George Lydlksen, lot on
W ; line < of < Market street, 63 N ; of Nolan i or
Thirty- third street, ; N 3J by W 118, portion ot
lot 15." block . P. map of. property of Central
Land Company, Oakland: $10.
Edpar D. « Parker, John Tule and "William H.
Knight (administrator or estate of Hannah A.
223.80 NE 22.77, S 379.33. "W 54.40, N 6, W 30 to
beginning. Berkeley; *17.8C0.
Alice Hlllegnss to same, lot on Vf line of Col
lege avenue, 100 S of Sylvan way, S 50, W 209.90,
N 49.S2, E 2H.12. Berkeley; also -lot* on W line
of College avenue, 327.76 S from S line of lands
of State University of California, said begln-
Ing- point being In center of Sylvan way, thence
W and S in a line curving- to the west and
south and having a radius 866 feet and contin
uing along said curved line 219 to NW corner
of lands of Alice Hllleitass. by deed of Feb
ruary S, 18S9, thence S 30 flet to S line of Syl
van way. thence K to XV line of College avenue,
thence N SO to beginning, Berkeley; also all In
terest In #lat 71, Ro.V. and D. Peralta, Berke
ley; $2300. , /.'
TRANSACTIONS IN REAL ESTATE
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. # 21—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka *. 66iLo« Angeles 80
Mt. Tamalpals 63 Sacrament* 78
Independence T6|San Luis Oblspo 86
Red Bluff 74|San Diego 63
Fresno 6S»
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, 56; mean. C •
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of moderate energy Is central in
British Columbia and has caused cloudy
weather and rain in Washington. Oregon and
Idaho. Over the southern portion of the Paci
fic slope the weather Is generally clear.
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific slope
from Central California northward, it Is high
est over the plateau region.
The temi>erature has rt«en over the northern
portion of the Pacific slope and remained
nearly stationary over the southern.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hcvrs ending midnight. October 22:
Northern California — Fair Monday, except
cloudy on northwest coast; light west wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday, lleht west
wind.
' Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday.
Utah— Fair: warmer Monday.
Arizona — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Fair Monday;
light west wind. . O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tldea are te lven in the left
hand column and the successive tldea of .the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column fives the last
tide of the day. except when there are but
three, tides, as sometime* occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the- lower low waters.
I don't care If you never come back.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
" Times and Heights of High and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th« high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve mlnut»« later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the rame at both places.
Recent Bains Send the Tubers Into
Port on the Bush.
For weeks past the ranchers along the
Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers have
been gathering up their potatoes and
waiting for a rise In the market. Thou
sands and tens of thousands ot sacks
have lined the banks of the various
sloyghs for months past, but not a man
wanted to ship. He expected a big ad
vanct In prices, and was holding on.
Then came the rain, and all hands de
cided it was time to ship. For a week
past there has been an average arrival
of 6000 sacks of potatoes a day at Jack
son and Washington street wharves, and
the market is glutted. The Chief Wharf
inger is now having some fun getting the
spuds moved uptown.
Bush Orders on Transports.
The transport Sherman will sail away
for Manila this week, and the Sheridan
will be made ready to sail on November
1. Originally it was intended to send
the Sherman away on the 1st and the
Sheridan on November 16, but circum
stances have arisen. which make a rush
order necessary, and both vessels will
leave ahead of time. The chances are
that both the Sherman and Sheridan will
call at China with supplies.
Bourbaki Is Leaking.
The French ship Bourbakl docked at
the seawall yesterday. Crossing the bar
POTATO MARKET GLUTTED.
THE American vessels Aryan and
Shenandoah are both playing In
hard luck. They had a difficult
time of It in reaching port, and
both had to put to sea again
when all seemed fair for a run across the
bar.
The. Aryan is now ready to dock t but
It may be several days before the Shen
andoah comes alongside. The Aryan, In
spite of her hard-luck journey, is ready
for the underwriters, but the Shenan
doah has to be overhauled. She was afoul
of the British ship Crompton on Saturday
night, and both vessels were slightly
damaged.
On the night of August 21, when the
Shenandoah was in latitude 33.51 south.
longiture.164 east, Captain Harvey, while
under mental derangement, disappeared
unknown to any one. He was never seen
afterward, and It is supposed he commit
ted suicide by Jumping overboard. A
strong west wind was blowing and heavy
sea running.
The ship was brought to port by Chief
Officer Taylor.
Captain "Jim" Murphy of the Arthur
Sewall is on his way here' to take conv
mand of the vessel. In the old days the
Shenandoah was the "crack" of the Se
wall fleet, and Captain Murphy was the
"crack" master. Since he left her the
vessel has not done so well, and he is now
hurrying to San. Francisco to once more
take command of the finest wooden ship
afloat.
As long as the Shenandoah and Aryan
last they will serve as samples of what
Uncle Sam could do in the way of ship
building- when wooden vessels held sway.
The collision between the Shenandoah
and Crompton did not amount to much.
The two vessels came together during a
lull in the breeze, but neither was seri
ously damaged.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 21-Stmr La Bre
tagne, from Havre; stmr Staatendam. from
Rotterdam and Boulogne; stmr Cymric, from
Liverpool. J
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived O£t 21— Stmr Irvnla.
from Boston for Liverpool, and proceeded.
Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Campania, from Liver
pool for New York.
MOVILLE— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr City of
Rome, from New York for Greenock, and pro-
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 21— Strar South
wark, from New York.
INISHOWEN HEAD— Passed Oct 21— Stmr
Tunisian, from Montreal for Liverpool.
DUNGENESS— Passed Oct 21— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst. from New York, Via Cherbourg, for
Bremen.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr
Trav<». from New York for Bremen, and pro
ceeded.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr laqua,
hence Oct 19.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 20-Stmr Dolphin, for
Skaeuay.
GREENWOOD— Railed Oct 21— Stmr Whltes
boro. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Santa Bar
bara, for San Francisco; schr Bertie Minor,
for Honolulu; schr Una, for Panama; stmr
Samoa, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 21— Stmrs North Fork and
Homer, hence Oct 19; etmr Pomona, hence Oct
20; schr Sparrow, from Newport.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per Br ship Crompton— Sept 23, lat 12.40 N,
lone 147 W, Br bark Ivanhoe, from New
¦\Vhatcom for Calleo.
Per Br ahlp Cromoton — Sept 16, lat 17 S.
long 93 W, new American *bark. from New
York for San FYancIsco, 13S days out.
Per Br ship Crorapton— Oct IS, Br ship Hyder
abad, hence Oct IS for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 21 (10 p. m.)— Weather
thick; wind south; velocity 10 miles.
TELKGRAPHIC.
Sunday, October 21.
Stmr Lakme, Schage, Eureka.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. Greenwood.
Stmr Mlneola. David, Tacoma.
Chll Bark Paciflco. Kruger, Antofogasta.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Johnson, Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.
Sunday, October M."
Stmr Alcatrax, Carlson, 47 hours from Port
Los AnrelPS.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Eureka, Jasnen. "6 hours from Eareka.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 4V4 days from Wlllapa.
Harbor.
Bark Harvester. Krebs. 27 days from Karluk.
Schr Czarina, Wallstedt, 23 days from Pirate
Cove.
arrived:
Shipping Intelligence.
she struck, and Is now leaking at the
rate of about two inches an hour. The
vessel Is in a bad way, and the chancea
are that she will have to be discharged
at once and docked. The pilot who was
In charge of. her has been suspended.
ARYAN AND SHENANDOAH, LAST OF AMERICA'S WOODEN FLEET BUILT AT BATH, ME.. MAKING PORT
UNDER DIFFICULTIES. BOTH VESSELS MADE THE BAR UNDER FULL SAIL, BUT HAD TO PUT ABOUT
AND MAKE FOR THE OPEN SEA.
The Two Vessels Are the Last of Uncle Saras
Wood Fleet and Fine Specimens of Ameri
can Navar Architecture.
SHENANDOAH AND ARYAN EXPERIENCE
DIFFICULTY IN MAKING PORT AFTER
COMING UP TO BAR UNDER FULL SAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; OCTOBER 22, 1900.
9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City...
Columbia .......
Santa Rosa
Cleone
Warfleld
Empire
Pomona
Matteawan ....
Coos Bay
City of Puebla..
North Fork '¦ —
Point Arena ...
Arcata
Corona . . . •
Gaelic
Mackinaw
Iaqua
State of Cal
Czarina .........
Bonlta
Curacao ....."...
Crescent City
Portland
San Diego
TUlamook....
Oyster Harbor..
Coos Bay.../.
Humboldt../. :
Tacoma
Newport...
Victoria
Humboldt.....
Point Arena
Coos Bay
San Diefto
China and Japan
Seattle
Newport
Portland
Seattle
Newport..
IMexlco
Oct. 22
Oct. 22
Oct. 23
Oct. 22
Oct. 22
Oct. 23
Oct. 23
Oct. 24
Oct. 24
Oct. 24
Oct. 23
Oct. 25
Oct. 25
Oct. 2«
Oct. 28
Oct. 28
Oct. ZS
Oct. n
Oct. 28
Oct. 29
Oct. 28
Steamer.
I Destination. |
Sails.
Pier
Bonlta ."....Newport Oct. 22. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla .. Victoria Oct. 23, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 23. 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 23. SamlPler 13
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 23, 4 pmlPler 13
Santa Rosa San DWo Oct. 24. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 25. 11 amiPler 24
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. S5, 2 pmJPier 9
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. M, 9 am Pier XI
City Peking China* Japan Oct. 2&, 1 pm P1IS3
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 27, 12 m Pier 19
Corona San Diego Oct. 2S, 11 amlPter 11
City Puebla Victoria Oct. 2S, 11 am! Pier »
North Fork (Humboldt Oct. 23. 9 am! Pier 2
Sun rises 8:25
Sun sets 5:23
Moon rises 5:31 a. m.
O Time Time Tlme| Tlmel
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L. W H W L W ¦ H W
23 ... 8:55 2.1 10:25 6.5 4:45 0.4 11:33 4.5
23 ... 4:28 1.4 10:50 5.5 5:20 0.2
HW LW HW LW
24 ... 0:17 4.S 4:SS 2.6 11:15 8.5 5:66 0.0
25 .. 1:02 4.4 5:31 2.8 11:40 6.5 «:33 — 0.1
26... 1:49 4.4 6:09 2.9 12:10 5.4 7:15—0.2
27... 2:41 4.4 6:54 3.0 12:45| 6.3 8:00-0.1
28 ... 3:33| 4.4 7:50 3.1 l:3lj 5.1 S:50 0.1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City...
Columbia .......
Santa Rosa
Cleone
Warfleld
Empire
Pomona
Matteawan ....
Coos Bay
City of Puebla..
North Fork '¦ —
Point Arena ...
Arcata
Corona . . . •
Gaelic
Mackinaw
Iaqua
State of Cal
Czarina .........
Bonlta
Curacao ....."...
Crescent City
Portland
San Diego
TUlamook....
Oyster Harbor..
Coos Bay.../.
Humboldt../. :
Tacoma
Newport...
Victoria
Humboldt.....
Point Arena
Coos Bay
San Diefto
China and Japan
Seattle
Newport
Portland
Seattle
Newport..
IMexlco
Oct. 22
Oct. 22
Oct. 23
Oct. 22
Oct. 22
Oct. 23
Oct. 23
Oct. 24
Oct. 24
Oct. 24
Oct. 23
Oct. 25
Oct. 25
Oct. 2«
Oct. 28
Oct. 28
Oct. ZS
Oct. n
Oct. 28
Oct. 29
Oct. 28
Sun rises 8:25
Sun sets 5:23
Moon rises 5:31 a. m.
O Time Time Tlme| Tlmel
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L. W H W L W ¦ H W
23 ... 8:55 2.1 10:25 6.5 4:45 0.4 11:33 4.5
23 ... 4:28 1.4 10:50 5.5 5:20 0.2
HW LW HW LW
24 ... 0:17 4.S 4:SS 2.6 11:15 8.5 5:66 0.0
25 .. 1:02 4.4 5:31 2.8 11:40 6.5 «:33 — 0.1
26... 1:49 4.4 6:09 2.9 12:10 5.4 7:15—0.2
27... 2:41 4.4 6:54 3.0 12:45| 6.3 8:00-0.1
28 ... 3:33| 4.4 7:50 3.1 l:3lj 5.1 S:50 0.1
Steamer.
I Destination. |
Sails.
Pier
Bonlta ."....Newport Oct. 22. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla .. Victoria Oct. 23, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 23. 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 23. SamlPler 13
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 23, 4 pmlPler 13
Santa Rosa San DWo Oct. 24. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 25. 11 amiPler 24
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. S5, 2 pmJPier 9
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. M, 9 am Pier XI
City Peking China* Japan Oct. 2&, 1 pm P1IS3
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 27, 12 m Pier 19
Corona San Diego Oct. 2S, 11 amlPter 11
City Puebla Victoria Oct. 2S, 11 am! Pier »
North Fork (Humboldt Oct. 23. 9 am! Pier 2
ROOMS FOR nOCSKKEEPWO.
TWELFTH, 12. near Market— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping; ¦ rent V and S8.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flilmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubecriptions has been established at 1US6
Valencia, st.
ItOOMS TO -LET— Fora, and Dnfarn.
>!^BilUNST,VIck House, 148 Sixth— Rooms 2ic
to $1 per nicht: Jl Ji to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
ALBION ave.. Its— One or two sunny unfur-
nished rooms to let^
BfRKKTT. 1<!6 Market (old No. 13<H)— Fur-
nished rm«.. suite*, single; also unfurnished.
Bl'SH SI4— Furnished sunny rooms, suits or
sinele. t*c rer nl£ht up; transient. r
Bl'SH 120 (The EU.)— Changed hands; newly
renovatod nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to $T
week ; 25c to »1 SO night. MRS. P. RANFT.
CLIFFORD, ttii Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished Eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOI-SOM. Tit 1 * — Neatly furnlfhed room suitable
for 1 or' t gentlemen; reasonable.
Kl 'LTON, 37— Nicely furnished room; half block
mm City Hall.
OEAItT. 403 (The Navarre)— Klegantly furnished
rms. : EUltes or single; travelers accommodated.
CFATTY 774— Larpe well-furnished sunny suite,
with use of bathroom. In quiet private family.
GOLDEN Ge^TE ave.. 1030—1 well-furnished
r«m« sulSble for gentlemen; free telephone.
CRANI> SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
iind Mission fts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Birdie: ladies' parlor: readir.s-roomi ele\ator.
I HARRISON. 7S4U. near 4th— Finely furnished
i runny rooms, bath: all conveniences; home-
like; riivate; ?1 wetk up.
HATES. TM— 1 cr 2 nloely furnished rooms In
private family.
HAWTHORNE, III— Large sunny room, nicely
furnished, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen, with
or witl-out boe.rd.
LARKJ.V. M9H— Sunny front room suitable for
!ajy or sent If man; Ran; bath; $7.
LAS PALMAS. 1SI0 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
:ms. ; | rivate: bcth; ?in. rms.: board optional.
LVAVENWOUTH. r.15— Basement of 2 sunny
rooms, unfurnished.
MAW'X. f'f'2, corner Pout — Sunny furnished
rooms. $$; 2 housekeeping rooms, gas and
range. $1S.__
MCALLISTER. Zii—t nicely furnished rooms;
rur.r.ins water; cheap; $S.
MCALLISTER. 172L cor. Broderick— 2 elegant
front rms. frnshd or unfrnshd; modern; pri-
vate house; with or without board.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, II per week; transient.
MISSION. 1314. nr. 11th— Pleasant room; pri-
vate family; one or two persons; II 50 week.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st— Nicely
furnished rooms, $! a week up; t5o a day up.
NORWOOD. 611 Taylor— Furnished suites and
rooms; privilege of dinir.gr room and kitchen.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and S21 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25c to $1. week SI 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis et.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoklnr-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to SI 50; week. S2 to
$S; month. t$ to $30; elevator on k round floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. IS Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136-Sunny furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
STEVENSON. 4C3. and 22 Mint ave.— Sunny fur-
nished room; rent reasonable.
STOCKTON. 603— Nice sunny furnished suite,
single ar.d housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
\ SUTTSR, 717, near Taylor— Sunny, choice, rea-
sonable; please Investigate; bath.
TURK. 128 — Furnished sunny rooms for 1 or 2
gents, or man and wife.
TURK. 803— Nicely furnished sunny front or
back rooms; newly furnished.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— 3 unfurnished rooms suitable for
hrusekeeping; sunny and central; rent $15.
Box 27SL Call office.
GKXTLEMAX would teach German for room
rent. Box 4162. Call office. |
ROO319 A>'D BOARD. "
BOARD and rooms at 415 First st., near Har-
rlson. | -
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 1604 California st.
SPECIAL. NOTICC«.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of £20 Lake st, San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half-or-
phans from July 1 to October 1, 1?00: Amelia
A. L. Dienst. 11 years S months; Emma Alice
Pianto. 9 years 4 months: Emily O'Nell. 4
yean 6 months: Henrietta B. Clark, 9 years
6 months; Edna Concilia, 7 years 4 months;
Irene Concilia, t years; Mary Ellen Morgan,
.10 years 4 months; Lucy Rose Morgan, S
years 8 months.
ROOMS papered from J2 SO; whitened II up;
p&lnting- done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
LAI) tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. E330.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaJred; needles and
shuttles; redgced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
storage: atsu warehouses.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st ;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cora-
pany. 2220 Fillmore st; phone Jackson 281.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
display; very cheap. 917 Market, room 220.
TYPEW1UTERS A >JO_SJUPP L I E »T~
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W>
sell better machine* for leas money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, £36 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
divIdexd xotices.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 110 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 227 Market «t.. on and after Thurs-
day, November l, 1900. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26, 1S00, at 3 o'clock p. m.
I E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS..
NOTICE— Taxes flue UDon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization— Control-
ler's Department. State of California, Sac-
ramento. October 9. 1900.— In accordance with
the provisions of section 3668 of the Political
Code, notice, la hereby given that I have re-
ceived from the State Board of Equalization
the "Duplicata Record of Assessments of
Railways" and th* "Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment cf Railway Assessments," con-
taining the assessments upon the property of
| each <>f the following named associations or
! corporation!?, as fixed by said State Board of
Equalization for the year 1900, to-wit:
Central Pacific Railroad Company. South
Pacific Coast Railroad Company, Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, Southern California
Motor Road Company. Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, California Northwestern
Railway Company (lessees San Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad), Santa F« Pacific Rail-
road Company, San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company, Southern California
Railway Company. North Pacific Coast Rail-
road Company, Pacific Coast Railway Com-
pany. Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Oaugft Rail-
road Company, Nevada-Callfornia-Oregon Rail-
way Company. Alameda and Ban Joaquin Rall-
| road Company. Sierra Railway Company
of California. Randsburg Railway Company
Gualala River Railroad Company, Sierra Val-
leys Railway Company, California and Nevada
Railroad Company. San Francisco and San
Mateo fKIectrlc) Railroad Company . and Pull-
man's Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property, and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
l-ayabk'. and will be delinquent on the last
Monday In November 'next, at t o'clock p. m.,
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 6 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday In April next, at 6
o'clock p. m., an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining • one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at. any time after the first -Mon-
day In January next, and will be delinquent
on the laat Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock
p. m., and unless paid to the State Treasurer.
at the Capitol, prior thereto, S per cent will be
add«d to tilt 'amount thereof. ¦ '
E. P. COI/3AN. Owtroller.
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR V/-EKLY AUCTION SALE
AT GRAND ARCADE 1IORSB MARKET. 817
SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. October 24, at It
a. m. Horses. Wasrons. Harness, etc. SULXJ-
VAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadwar
te^ wharf, San Francisco:
tySfcft. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
if$^>?2"V Oct - " 3 - 2X> • Nov - 2 Chance to
t'x£jjio.r*"""fc company's steamers at Peattl*.
t-v«w EJciAvrt F " or Victoria. Vancouver ill.
ItjwKHjm c >- Port Townsend. Seattle.
EjjgSKk2e*|?<ril Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
t and New Whatccm (Wa»h. »—
11 a. m.. Oct. 23. 28. Nov. I.
~" and every fifth day thereafter.
Chine* at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Oct. 20.
23. iO. Nov. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Dlesro. stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Lo»
Angelas and Redondo (Los Angreles)— 11 a. m..
Oct. 20. 24, 23. Nov. 1. and every fourth *Jay
thereafter.
Kor Santa Croi. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harforrl (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Ne-wrport— 9
a. m.. Oct. 22. 28, 30. Nov. 3. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mexico)— 10 a. nu, 7th of «achf
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
Th« company reserves the right to charts;*
rteamers, ratlins dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICK-4 N'ew Montgomery
street <Palac* Hotel). ,- • ;:
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco*
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAXIERS TO
IPO RTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 19 A. M.
r a nr Si 2 First Class. Including Berth
I MfiC S3 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 23. Nov. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. 20. 30
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E» C. WARD, Gineral Agent.
629 Market street
GOODAIX, PERKINS & CO.,
• Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
n»r First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
correcting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of saillnjr.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday, November 13. 13C0
SS. NIPPON* MARU
Thursday. December «. 1D0O
SS. AMERICA MARC;......... V"^".~-
Saturday. December 29. 1300
~ . Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freUht and passage apply at company's affice.
421 Market street. corn«>r of First.
XV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW Y0M. SOUTHAMPTON. L05D0N. PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, -westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Louis. Oct. 24 St. Louis Nov. 1*
New York Oct: Jl New York Nov. 21
St. Paul Nov. 7 St. Paul Nov. 23
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp. . -, -V
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Kensington Ort. 24 Southwark Nov. II
Noordland Oct. 31 Westernland ...Nov. a
Frteslund Nov. 7'Kenslngton Njv. »
For frelaht and passage apply to
• INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery st. Or any of its agents.
0CEVN1C S.S. CO.— nONOI.tn.TJ, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS ALAMEDA for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia...............
Wednesday. October 3L 9 p. m.
SS. 'AUSTRALIA for Tahiti.
Thursday. November 1, 4 p. m.
«?3. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. November 10. 2 d. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freiqht Office. 327 Market St
30SPA3SI3 GENERATE THAN3ATLASTI5C1C. I
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sallins every Thursday, instead of^fjTf%
Saturday from November 2, 1339, at«J*u*«»
Warn., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 25; lA
TOURAINE. Nov. 1; IVAQUITAINE. Nov. t.
Flrst class to Havre. »55 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $42 50 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATBS and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York.' J. P- FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Arenta. » Montstomery avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
.Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at t:iS
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlcht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. a
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. :. Teleshone Main 13)3.
FARE ..../ 3Co
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
kS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
•tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. -
?.-¦-":- •NABER. ALF8 & BRUNE. Agent*.
S23 Market St.. S. T.— <Send <or Circular.)
Bad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Caum
perfect digestion, complete absorption and ¦
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera. 35e a box. At Drugrfsta. or
by mail. RAD WAT 4k CO., New York.
PEnsOXALS.
LKDEREIV6 Qulr.tonicm. hair tonic is sold at
Lyons Drug Co.'*. Market and Stockton ets.;
Sic hot.: aUo at ITS Stockton tu t
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
HctcL 44 Third #t.. near Market; 700 rooms;
t'^c to Jl W per night; fl CO to *6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
TJMH. ADA. wonderful gifted heater, 1104 Mar-
ket, r. I. 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism
blir.Jr.ess. paralysis and all nervous diseases.
PAINFUL nervous diseases, rheumatism, par-
¦Jyeio. liver rrni kidneys cured without drugs
t>y PR J. HERBERT REKVR. jf,^ Kearny.
SDtTS to order on installments; $16 upwar.f-
Jl a WMk. LEON LEMOf?. 1117 Market U.
between Seventh and Eichth.
BUY yovr <v>al of LANGC &. QOFT\ successors
to W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto. ; tel.Sutter 2776.
LEDEUER is the popular hairdresser; styles
correct, SSc: Twitches |1 up; ornaments cheap.
KLECTROLYS1S destroys supor'uaut hair
rroleg; trial free. MISS EATON. 111? Suiter!
P..1RROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds
palnt:r.et; gecrery. Vncle Harris. IS Grant av.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- iO
year*' experience. J. B. RAY. 857 Jessie st.
LHPERERS Foamo Shampoo 5c pkg. ; best and
cheapest yet: ben is always cheaper.
HIGHEST rrieep for cast-off dothinr; call or
st-nd jxsstal. C55 Clay st.
SUITS to order from $15 up on e**v payn:eni!-. '<
The Richelieu. Too Market ft., near C.oj:y.
SUITS to order on easy payment*. Ait Tailor-
Ir^ Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold. *li\er. diamonds ami precious ftcn»«
bought. J. R. JKNKEL. SIT Msrket st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by uflng I\*l- •
«•*¦:«'> curling fluid; £5c a bottle; drusclstf. :
ALFREDUMS Egypt'an Henna; restores K iav ,
hair to its r.atural color; N: «t nil drunrift* j
CAET-OFF clothir.K. «m cold mil Filver bo-jRi.:: '
sonfl rretx!. fQLEMAN'S. SO* Keamy «t.
rHYSICIAXS AM) Sl'KCKO>¥.
PR. C. C. O'DONNnLL^O^iWand resid-rTfi. I
IGSIH Market Bt.. »Ktwe<?n Sixth enl Pnventh. ]
REAL, ESTATE— CITV— FOR SALE, j
A. M. EPECK & CO
FT>n....
« — good investments;...*
4. ...4. ...4. ...4. ...4. ...4
JTKKV— 4 brand rvew fists. v<»ry Litest; east of
Van Ness; leased for %'<) a month.
4. ...GOOD. ...*....
115,000 — Splendid Investment : Ellis St.. near
Van Ness; all rented for 1145.
....4. ...GOOD. ...4....
d.000 — Offer wanted : business property; (
etores and S flats: all rented for J2C3; few blocks
from Sixth and Market BtS.
4.. ..GOOD.. ..4....
K3. 000— Cool oest investment ever offered la j
our ode* In tfcis amount; 100-foot front; eleirant j
brick and frame improvements; all rented at
low rent for tlOOO.
....4. ...GOOD. ...4....
Apply A. M. FPKCK & CO.. €57 Market st.
IF you have well located property in the Mis- j
rion, either vacant lots or nice residence, and j
you really want to f«?U then csll on the under- I
slimed. W. J. GUNN. KM California st.
HAVE you rrr-r>erty in the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want t» sell? Then
r&U on W. J. GUNN. ;3<> California ft.
JZW»— CFNTRAL l.-x-ation; 7 rooms and bath; j
rernp $19 month; no events. Box 41S6. Call.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
e«firrate«i furr.i*hp<1. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION ccttape; new: « rooms, bath; lot 50x
I'**; $3000; terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE COUXTRY — For Sale
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
3000 ranches nn my 6ALE and EXCHANGE
liFt. More than all other agents in this city.
N. D. SICKELP. the land airent. 6 Geary st.
F^R *»!»— Ab"ut 2 acre* DC land, near Colma.
t-'an Mateo County. *iZ Valencia st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$r;:-0 — AUCTION price; finest modern 5-room
cottage in Alameda.; perfect plumbing: line
location; 2 blocks from station & high school;
fair terms. A. G. Burns, 1501 Park. Alameda.
FOR Investment or bargains in San Francisco"
real estate call or write to G. R. DEXKE SR.,
Iteal Tstate and Builder, 1400 Webster St.,
Alameda.
ALAHEDA IIOCSES.
KIRFT-CLAFS furnished house. 7 rooms, bath;
laundry: basement; furnace; electric and gaj
lighting; £:x.d yard. lawn. Fhrubbery and
pood location. J. ?. HANLET. ISC" Park st.
ALAMEUA ItOOMS AMI UOAUI).
FIRST-CLASS rtoard and suite of rooms for
man end wKt; private family in Alameda;
Apply box 44P7. Call office.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE FIRMSHED HOUSES
COTTAGE of 6 rooms or part of same. Address
MME. DAU.NET. Fremont ave., Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
A^SACRIFICE!?T!T?r.l .^r.7..VJ?jA VaCRIFICE
INCOME $40 PER MO.
Four tenernenu, lot TOxSO feet. In splendid
renting- district; tiven away for
11750.
J1750.
J17M.
BELDEN & COOK, Washlneton and Uth its.
j:2 U PER foot; fine building lots; north side;
vry central; half block from Telegraph e%-e.
BELDEX &. COOK. Washington and Four-
teenth sis.
lot ever offered; 60x130;
fur.r.y fide; near Telegraph avf.; easy walk-
ll'C to narrow gauge; worth {2000. BELDEN
«c COOK. TVaghlngt.>n and Fourteenth sxs.
I2S0— CHOICE corner; 44x100; on Piedmont elec-
tric line; high rrcund and cloe« to power-
house; terms if desired. BELDEX & COOK,
Washington and Fourteenth ets.
£Sr.o— H0O CASH. $20 per month: new 8-room
rt^elJlrg; finely situated on southeast corner;
Piedmont; bank sale. BELDEN & COOK,
Washington an-i Fourteenth Us.
IVO— 7-ROOM house near racetrack. Judson
Iron Work* »r.<! local trains; fine place for
nw-chanie. BKUHE9I & COOK. Washington
and Fourteenth ets.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; central loca-
tion; price $2000; ctsy terms.
A, J. 6NYDKR & CO..
*C1 Ninth St..
Oakland, Cal.
BIG SACRIFICE. " ~
NearJy new home of 7 rocms. bath, conserva-
tory and porches: Ene large lot; near Cars
end trains; fruit trees, (rarden and barn; $2764
ctfh; co*t me |4000. Address Owner, P. O.
box £19, Eacramento, Cal.
A ENAP— J1S50; Rood house of 7 rooms, bath:
ftreet work all done; lot 35x140 feet: bargain.
Cell or address PETERSON. 478 Tenth at..
Osicland.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 lar««
rootr.s and bath; sanitary plumbing; lot W>x
?00: central loqation. Apply tZi l»th «t.. Onkld.
OAKLAND HOLS US TO LET.
A HANDSOME residence of 9 rooms, bath, car-
r-e'.s. barn, lawn; CSS 54th et.. near Grove;
rent low. In«uir» R. FBAXKB, 1622 Grove
M . Ofckland.
GOOD housre. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. IQOh Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND KI.RMTl'RE KOK SALE.
AN introduction to you from II. Schellhaa*, the
furr.lturt Oa'.er. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ItOOMS 1'or hoi;si:ki;i:ping.
A CSTIN are., 10!,. off Polk— Lanre furnished
• and unfurnished room*; housekeeping'
i FURNISHED rooms for h^v*. In private
farc'ly. C«il «27 Dor*. . nr. 9th and Harrison.
lCl'VY. 207—1 larr* front room, complete for
houKeKcep'.ne; elr.ule rm., SS; *as, bath, quiet.
riFTK. K2— 2 sunny housekeep'.r.ff, $12; also
runny hall rooms, u and tt.
GOLDEN CATIi ove.. HSO— 2 or I furnished
Pi r m l J lleht housekeeping; rm-f ctove; free tel.
JESSIS, SU*fr-T«ro nicely furrJahed rooms,
with yard, for houstkeepinqr.
WAKKKT near Fifth— J room*, fumlfhed, fold-
Inic bed; r*s; HO: part. S4i Kearny »t.
MINNA. 3— Sonar fwnitshed front hcusekeep-
lr.g and «!njle room* ; *lc and Jl per week.
MISSION, irrs— Partly or completely furnUhed
light housekeeping permitted. '
BCAJC, 12*— Large sunny front room, with kitch-
en: newly furnished; folding bed; ga*; bath;
reasonable.
SOUTH PARK." 177— S furnished frooma tor
bca»ckef?>lr£; very tcavtnieaU -*
BIRTHS— MARRIASES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at I either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
McGEE— In this City, October 21, 1900, to the
wife of John R. McGee, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HARNISH— CEDERHOLM — In Ban Rafael.
October 2, 19C0. by the Rev. Wyllys Hall.
Harry Harnish and Jeanette Cederholm, both
Of Ban Francisco.
DIED.
Barry, Kathleen Levy, Joseph J.
Ely. Dr. Jonas Lyons, James B.
Edwards. Mary E. Lynch, Walter
Eiben, Edzard H. McCormiek. Patrick
Eagar, Thomas McFarland. Edna
Fitrgerald. Joon T. Reid, John
Godeau, Leontine P. Ryan, Georpe
Harris. Lewis B. Tuttle, Simeon E.
Harrington, Josrph A. Walsh, Edward M.
Halpin. Hannah Wohler. Henry
Hanford, Llveria XV. .Zeh, Juana
Hagen, Frederick
BARRY— Kathleen, dearly beloved daughter
of William and Kate Barry, sister of Irene
and Willie Uarry. granddaughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Tom Carry and Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Stevens, a native of California, acad S years
and ( months.
ELY— In this city, October 21, 1SC0, Jonas Ely,
M. D., a native of Pittsburg, Pa., aeed 45
years.
EDWARDS— In this city, October 20, 1900, Mary
ElUabeth, widow of the late R. M. Edward*,
and mother of William, Maze, David and
Samuel Kd wards and Mrs. Joseph Jenlcs. a
native of'London. England. ageU 81 years 2
months and 2<i days.
ETFuneral services this day (Monday),
at 1 o'clock, at her late residence, 14u7 UuUgii
«-treet. Interment nrivate.
EIBEN— In this city, October 20. 1900. Edzard
Henry, Deluved son ot Henry and the late
Annie Eiben. brolhfr of Anita, Aima, Hazel
and Myrtle Elben. and nephew of Mrs. Clara
Faithful and Albeit and Ellis Worrall. a na-
tive of California, aged 1 year 4 months and
3 days.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), st 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his lather. 3^2 Doiore* street, between Bix-
U-enth and Seventeenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by elertric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
EAGAR— In this city, October 21, 19C0. Thomas
Eagrar, a native of New York, aged 70 years
6 months and 21 days.
C7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock, from his late residence, 413 Central
avenue, between Hayes and Fell streets.
Interment private.
FITZGERALD— In this city. October 20, 1900,
John T.. beloved husband of Mamie Fltz-
cerald, father of Edward, James and Susie
Fitzgerald, brother of Mrs. James Cruise,
Mrs. Robert Henry and Annie Fitzgerald,
and son-in-law of Mr. D. McCluskey, a
native of Troy, N. Y., aged 34 years 8 month*
and 14 days.
E7FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S2C Dolores street." thence to St. James
¦ Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
IGNATIAN Council No. 23. Y. M. I.— Members
are requested to assemble at the house of
mourning to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8 o'clock,
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
J. T. Fitzgerald. Per order
J. K. COSGRAVE, President
C. L. EBNER, Secretary.
GODEAU— An annual hinh requiem mass will
be celebrated to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9:30
o'clock, at Notre Dame des Victolres French
Church. Bush street, for the repose of the
soul of Leontine Pac Godeau, beloved mother
of Julius S. Godeau.
HARRIS— In East Oakland, October .16, 1900,
• Lfcwlg B. Harris, beloved son of Lew B. and
Minnie Sampson Harris, and grandson- of
John A. Sampson, aeed 15 years and 3
months.
CyFuneral service private at the res!denc=
of the parents, 1224 Eighth avenue. East Oak-
land, this day (Monday), at 11:20 o'clock-
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco, at 2:15 o'clock.
HARRINGTON— In this city, October 20, 1900,
Joseph A., beloved brother of Gregory Har-
rlneton and Mrs. Patrick Cronin of Peta-
luma, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
59 years.
HALPIN— In this city, October 20. 1900; Han-
nah Halpin, a native of Ireland, aged 73
years.
HANFORD— In Oakland. October 20, 1900.
Llverla W.. beloved wife of J. M. Hanford.
and mother of Elizabeth J., James M., Robert
C. D.. Iceland S. and Joseph W. Hanford and
Mrs. Edgar D. Crumb of Pasadena and Mrs.
Dr. F. E. Sawyer of San Rafael, a native of
Canada, aged 58 years and 13 days. (Sacra-
mento Record Union please copy.)
(CFriends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, ' from the Second
Congregational Church, corner of Tenth and
Peralta Streets. Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery-
HAGEN— In this city. October 21, 1900. Fred-
erick Hagen. a native of Schwerin, Germany,
aged 24 years.
lETFrlendB and acquaintances and members
of the International Bakers' Union No. 24
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow «Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 1209 Mission street, betweea-Elghth
and Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
LEVY— In this city. October 19. 1900. Joseph J..
eldest son of John J. and the late Amelia
• Levy, and brother of Sol J. Lev" Mrs. D. S.
Davit;. David A. I/evy, Mrs. J. S. Goldschmidt
and Maria and Rebecca Levy, a native of
New York City, aged £3 years. (New York
papers please copy.)
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence. Fillmore street. Crema-
tion I. O. O. F. Crematory.
LYONS— In Oakland, October 19, 1900, James
B. Lyons, beloved husband of Ann Lyons,
father of Thomas F.. James B., Maggie, An-
nie and Josephine Lyons and Mrs. Richard
Bennetts, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
(E7 Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late re*i-
dtni-", 660 Adeline street, thence to the Church
of Ae Immaculate Conception, where a re-
quiem mnss will be celebrated for the repose
Of , his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Drivate. Ht. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land. Please omit flowers.
LYNCH— In Oakland, October 21. 1900. at 223
Ninth street, Walter, beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. John Lynch, a native of Oakland, aged
26 days.
McCORMICK— In this city. October 21. 1900.
Patrick McCormick, a native of Ireland, aged
46 years. •
McFARLAND— In Oakland, October 20, 1900,
Edna, beloved and only daughter of Mre. M.
J. McFarland and of the late J. W. McFar-
land of Alaska, a native of Hoonah, Alaska,
aged 14 years 6 months and 6 days.
jjTThe funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of F, E. Wolff, 1351 Park avenue,
Alameda.
REID— In Oakland. October 21. 1900. John, be-
loved husband of Catherine Reid, a native of
Newfoundland, aged 63 years and 5 months.
RYAN— In the City and County Hospital,
October 21, 1900, George Ryan, a native of
California, aged 23 years.
TUTTLE— In San Rafael. October 23, 1900,
BImeon E. Tuttle, a native of Marietta, Ohio,
aged SS yearn 11 months and 26 days.
E7The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
WALSH*-In this city, October 20. 1900. Edward
M. Walsh, beloved son of the late . Mary
Getchell. stepson of James T. Getchell. father
of Eldred C. Walsh and Mrs. F. J. Emerson,
and brother of Mrs. Annie Kerrlson, a na-
tive of Rockland, Me., aged 60 years 10
months and 13 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend j the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Nese avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemeterv.
MEMBERS of Abraham Lincoln Council,
Junior Order of United American Mechanics,
are hereby notified to attend i the funeral of
our late brother, Edward M. Walsh, from'
the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness
avenue, this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock,
By order of the councilor,
H. C. PUCKHABER.
H. M. SCHMIDT. Secretary.
WOHLER— In Blsbee, Arizona, October* 18,
lftOQ, H^nry, beloved husband of (Lillle) Sarah
O. Wohler. a native of Grass Valley, Cal.
(Grass Valley papers please copy.)
C7Burie<l In Phoenix, 'Arizona.
ZEH— -In Alameda. October 20. 1900, Juana, be-
loved wife of Gottlieb Zeh. and mother of
Mrs. J, G. Humphrey and Amanda, Carl and
Theodore Zeh, a native of Guadalajara, Mex-
ico, figed 51 year's 6 months and 20 days;
CTFuneral services, r this day (Monday),
at 11.30 o'clock, at her late residence, 2230
Central avenue, Alameda. Cremation I. O. O,
F. Cemetery. Take Geary-street cars.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannasan &• Gallagher) '-"';' '-:'i
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln Scnool.
¦ Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth it. Tel. South 167.
IUNERAL D.BECT0R3 AND EMBALKEB9.
Finest EqulDment at Moderate Rates.' : :
IA\cMVO>' «fc CO.. i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
11239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. - I
WeeHy M $1.00 uerYearBorne time ago Mrs. M. Foley, a member
of .Redwood Circle , of the Women of
Woodcraft of this city, died,. leaving five
orphan children without a~ protector. ;? At
this juncture the members of the circle,
moved by \ the fraternal feeling which
binds the membership to aid one another.
Women of "Woodcraft Help.
Amity Rebekah Lodge, I.-O. O. P., ten
dered; a reception last night to :. District-
Deputy .- President Mrs. Eola : Cyrus and
her staff ; of • officers in Friendship Hall
Odd Fellows' building. The reception was
followed by a banquet, at which the dep
uty, and • her officers were the guests of
honor.' ¦
Honor. Deputy, IKstrict President.
Thomas James, who claims to be a me
chanic and out of work, was found sleep
ing in a vault in Calvary Cemetery early
yesterday morning by i Policeman E J
Reilly. James said he was without a place
td sleep "and having no fear of the dead
chose the vault for a lodging place. 1 He
was charged with vagrancy.
Slept in a Cemetery Vault.
Swim at tlie Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department beat In city.*
John Brady, an elderly, man," employed
as a hostler at the stable 310 Oolden Gate
avenue, while feeding : u horses , yesterday
afternoon fell through an opening In ", the
loft to the floor below, a distance of fif
teen feet. He was removed to the Receiv
ing Hospital in an unconscious condition.
It was found he .- was •¦ suffering from a
possible fracture of the base of the skull,
besides a number of lacerated wounds of
the face and head.
Fell From a Hay Loft.
This favorite steamer, under, command of
Captain Lawless, will Ball for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. 'Hitherto these charming Islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring -0 to 40 days, but the time of new
eteamship service wilP be 10>V days. -Ask for
particulars of the . low excursion rate at 643
The Australia for Tahiti.
nual report with the State Railroad Com
missioners. The total passenger earnings
for the year were ?120,S93; freight, $481,335;
total passenger and freight, $602,391. The
Jotal income from operation,' after de
ducting all expenses, was $128,149.
The number of : passengers carried by
the road at least one mile was 4,173,623.
The number of tons of freight carried at
least one mile was 21,834,574. '
The Yreka Railroad Company reports
total passenger and freight . earnings
amounting to $17,SG0. The Mountain Cop
per Company of Keswlck, Shasta County,
reports gross earnings from operation of
$6-1,755. The operating expenses of the last
named company exceeded the earning
from operations amounting to $116,281.
EARNINGS OF VARIOUS
""VrJ" RAILROAD COMPANIES
Good Showing Made by the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley
Road. •
The San- Francisco, and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company has filed its an-
: Duane was 6lowly^ but surely; losing. his
grip and Batteracio was . crowding him
more and more over i '¦ the railing, when
two ; of the . ' Italian's ', sons," 15. and 17
years : old ' respectively,'.: : grasped •;' their
father's "arms. , While; he was. engaged- In
shaking off the boys' : hold the policeman
made : a great ¥ effort '<¦ and regained '§¦¦ his
feet. - • He used 1 his club and . soon* had the
prisoner, handcuffed. -
Batteracio's wife says he "has been act-
Ing In a peculiar manner of late, and she
thinks him demented. His t condition - is
dangerous when •; he drinks, ; and . he often
inflicts serious injury upon s those around
him.V; He , was '• stabbed on '. Market t street
one week ago Sunday night by a man: he
attacked, but ¦ has since ¦ recovered from
his ¦ injuries. • - ; :
Policeman Duane put a minor charge
against Batteracio last night at the Han
of Justice - and will probably charge him
with insanity to-day. -' '/-' •, \
; Duane at once went to the woman's, as
sistance, and-- the • Italian, crazed .with
drink, turned on him. The policeman at
tempted to ¦ snap , a ' pair- of , ; nippers on
Batteraclo's wrists.V "Batteraclo, how
ever, forced him I out* on Hhe r rear porch
and, grasping him around ; the waist,
threw him half way o\,er . the railing, v
In this perilous position, with : the Ital
ian's hands 5 grasping his : throat,, the po
liceman" could not make . a very effective
fight. . ¦;-:• • - ¦ - - , .
-^Last night shortly after '8 1 o'clock a
woman's cries for help coming from Bat
teracio's house. brought Duane running to
the scene. He found j the man unmerci
fully beating his wife. ¦; : ' " . -
Policeman J. J. Duane had a desperate
battle for his life with B. Batteracio, a
drink-crazed man at 5 Dunn's place, off
Kearny street, last evening. The struggle
took place on a rear porch, which, owing
to the hilly nature of the land, is seventy
five feet above the ground, and the mad
man's endeavor was • to 1 throw " the police
man to the ground below. • ¦
Batteracio : had first beaten his children
and wife severely, the; latter'' having a
black and swollen face as a. result of the
attack. "When the policeman interfered
to stop the . brutality he was forced out
on the rear p. porch.*: After- a thrilling
struggle the crazed Italian lifted the po
liceman over the.; railing and was about
to cast him to -certain, death, when two
of the maniac's sons caught him and pre
vented him from committing murder. -
Struggle With a Lunatic on
a Porch 75 Feet Above
the Ground-
NEARLY MURDERS
OFFICER DUANE
Young Thurston did not make his ap
pearance at home all night and yesterday
morning Greenfield notified the ¦ police.
Greenfield had been victimized before by
Thurston,. but at the , earnest solicitation
of the boy's mother he did not report the
matter to the police. Greenfield says that
Thurston not long ago stole a lot of cloth
ing from Mrs. Thurston, which he pawned.
She took the clothing out of pawn and
forgave him. -Thurston gambles under the
name of McDonald. ,
wife tcfcl him of the message she had re
ceived. Suspecting that something was
wrong a search was made and It was dis
covered that two valuable rings belonging
to Mrs. Greenfield had been stolen and a
child's bank had been forced open and {10
stolen from it.
Mrs. Greenfield hurried to the auditor's
office and found it was in darkness. She
was distracted with grief and did not know
what to do. She remained around the
place ior some time and then reluctantly
went home; Her husband returned from
the lodge meeting about 1 o'clock yester
day morning and was surprised when his
The 3-outh hit upon a ruse Satur&ay
nisrht which met ¦with success. F. H.
Greenfield anfi his wife have rooms in
Thurston's mother's house. Greenfield is
employed in the freight auditor's office of
the Southern Pacific Company. Saturdi^y
night he went to a lodge meeting and
about 10 o'clock Thurston sent a boy with
a message to Mrs. Greenfield that her
husband was very sick in the freight au
ditor's office and wanted hereto go to him
at once.
Thurston, notwithstanding his youth, is
credited with being a confirmed gambler
and is addicted to stealing what does not
belong to him to get money to squander
playing poker and patronizing resorts fre
quented by women of the "lenderloin."
Julius Thurston, 13 years of age, whose
parents live at 1511 Mission street, was ar
rested last night by Policeman Paul E.
Clev on a charge of burglary and locked
up in the Seventeenth-street police sta-.
tion. ;
Draws Woman Prom House
With Note That Hus
band Is Sick.
BOY BURGLAR'S
DECOY LETTER
took the children under their care and
have since the death of their mother been
looking after the welfare of the little
ones. The circle decided to Interest its
sister circles, the members of the several
camps -of the "Woodmen of the World and
bureau of relief fin the little orphans, and
finally arranged for an entertainment to
be given to-night in the banquet .'hall 'of
the. Native Sons' building 1 to raise a fund
for the maintenance of the children until
proper and suitable homes can be found
for them.
ANNUAL PRIZES GIVEN
TO HEBREW ORPHANS
Jacob Kittigstein 'Receives First
Award — Operetta Charmingly
Rendered by Children.
The annual entertainment and distribu
tion of prizes of the Pacific Hebrew
Orphanage, Hayes and Devisadero
streets, took place yesterday. The hall
of the institution was crowded to the
doors with friends and relatives of the
orphanage Inmates, who took a lively In
terest In everything that took place on
the stage.
The programme, under the dlrectfon of
Superintendent and .Mrs. "Henry Mauser,
consisted j of the operetta "Cinderella In
Flowerland," by Marlon Loder. Music
was ; provided by the Anspacher military
band.
The distribution of prizes was made by
the president, S. ¦ W. Levy. The first,
gold medal and $250, went to Jacob Rit
tigstein, and the $100 prize to Cecile
Daniel.
The cast of "Cinderella" waa as fol
lows : •
Cinderella. Daisy, Sadie Rosenthal; Proud
Sisters (hollyhock and tiger Illy),, Fannie
Bernstein- and Ida Ciegler; Godmother (nature).
Beatrice Saplro; Bonnie Bee. little page, S.
Braunateln; Butterflies. Charioteers, Cecile Dan
iel and Tiny Lakomy; Robin Red, prince's her
ald, II. Basker; Prince Sunshine of Sunbeam
Castle, J. Rosenthal. Guests at ball— Poppy,
Millie Green; Buttercup, Mabel Lubelsky;
Pansy, Angelica Wolff; Daffodil, Esther Cohn;
Violet, Dora Mayer; Sweet Brier. Rachel La
komy; Mignonette. Rose Bramson; Lily Bell,
Esther Hellpern ; Sweet Pea, Lulu Anshel ; Nar
cissus,' Celia Ciegler. Sunbeams— Cella Jurlsh,
Violet Mayers, Bertha Wolf, Sadie Cohn, Sarah
Blalne, Eunice Pinklert. Raindrops — Arthur
Deutsch, Ralph Deutsch. Sam Cerf, Moses
Baer. Sam Hyman, Saul Michaels.
The report^ of, the award of prizes, as
uniquely prepared by the orphanage man
agement, Is as follows:
¦ Jacob - M. Rlttigsteln— Behrendt medal and
$250. Ho receives this magnificent prize for
having been the best in scholarship and de
portment. ¦¦ .¦:¦' ' .
Cecile Daniel— Silver medal and $100. A
bright, good little girl, who receives this hand
some prize for scholarship and deportment.
Deportment —
' { Milton Goldstein— Silver medal and $10. A
very ' pood boy who has shown great Improve
ment daring the past year. ••¦¦..
Ida Ciegler— Silver medal and $100. Her sister
won- the prize of $100 In 1899. She Is a good girl
and we hope she -will capture the grand prize
next year. .
ltose Schlffer, Milton Wolff and Jack Bern
stein—$3 each. Three of our best behaved chil
dren.; , : -.. ; '
-Punctuality — ,
¦ Joseph ': Michaels and Sadie . Rosenthal— $o
each. Always on time at the tap of the bell. \
Neatness— ; . v
¦ Tiny Lakomy. and Edmund Wiener— $5 each.
Always neat and tidy. ¦
'.;¦ Industry— '¦ , V, '¦- :'..'.-¦. , !
Fannle > Hyman and Carlos Cohen— J5 each.
Being Industrious and always ready to lend a
hand whenever and wherever needed.
-j Sewing-
Ray Lakomy and Lena Braunstein— JS each.
Two of our champion sewers/ and their motto
is "a stitch in time saves nine."
/,
Violet Mayers— $5. i One of our - best darners.
Her work may surely be termed "holy work."
„ Bible History and Hebrew— ¦
Mabel Lubelsky s and • Leah ' Cohen— $5 each.
Most attentive and- showing greatest'improve
ment. .:*.?> ;•;;¦-¦• '-^v; -j; .'; :;:- ,\,; \
The Leonie is a total loss. She was con
sidered one of the best boats on the bay.
A score of boatmen who had hovered
near the scene, afraid to render aid until
after the Leonie sank, now hurried to the
rescue. Smith, who was suffering agonies
from his burns and cuta, was carried to a
near-by drug store for treatment. Bellof
and Stuparich were given a change of
clothing and the victims of the accident
returned to the city on a late boat/
A second explosion, that of the tank
over which Bellof a few seconds before
had been standing, rent the Leonie from
stem to stern. For an instant the flames
flared out over the water and then were
quenched as the ill-fated launch turned
turtle and plunged to the bottom.
Again Smith shouted for •Stuparich, and
then sighting him threw him an oar.
Stuparich grasped the improvised life pre
server and was drawn alongside the boat.
Bellof. who was uninjured, sighted the
boat, swam up and dragged himself in.
Thinking that Stuparich was In the boat.
Smith and Bellof rowed for the shore
and reached the beach before they found
that their guest was clinging to the gun
wale, too weak to aid himself.
crawled to the rear of the launch, sprang
into a "trailer" and cut away.
"Where is Stuparich?" he shouted.
Saturday afternoon Mr. Stuparich. who
Is superintendent of the Stuparich Manu
facturing Company, 141 Fremont street,
was invited to join Bellof and Smith in
a hunting expedition. Bellof, who resides
at 2105^ Stockton street and who is also
connected with the Stuparich Manufac
turing Company, made the arrangements
for the trip. The launch was stocked
with provisions and Mr. Stuparich took
an early boat -from this city to see that
everything was ship shape. Smith, who
is employed by the Dickman-Jones Com
pany, joined Belldf late In the afternoon
and they went to Sausalito. Shortly after
7 o'clock Bellof and Smith went out to the
launch to fill the gasoline tank, which
holds, or held, twenty-five gallons. Stu
parich remained at Barron Gatoldi's to
change his clothing and prepare his guns.
This done he went down to the beach, se
cured a boat and rowed out to the launch.
Before Stuparich reached the launch the
'work of filling the gasoline tank had been
completed. Bellof was standing on the
bow of the little vessel and Smith was
just entering the engine room with a lan
tern.
explosion and the wreck of the Leonle
settled into the sea, while her startled
and injured occupants struggled for life
being fitted with double engines and all
modern improvements, having been com
pleted but two months ago. She cost her
owners $1800 without her furnishings. In
addition to uie loss of the boat, Bellof and
Smith lost their guns, clothing and sport-
Ing outfits. Stuparich was more fortu
nate, having kept his sruns and equipment
ashore, Intending to take them only when
all was ready for the start.
The cause of the blowing up of the
Leonie is a mystery. It is whispered
among the friends of the owners who re
side in Sausalito, however, that both Bell
of and Smith suspect the loss of their
vessel was the result of some enemy's
malice. Jealousy among 'boat owners Is
common, they say, and hence they believe
that some one, anxious that the Leonie
should no longer ply the main, went
aboard her at night and opened the en
gine valves. When the gasoline was pour
ed into the tanks it ran Into the engine
room and the presence of the lantern
consummated the scheme planned for her
destruction.
Smith's fortitude and successful effort
to save his companions, after having been
so terribly injured, have won for him the
praise of all his friends, and those he
saved will not be the first to forget his
heroism.
THE BLOWING UP OF THE LAUNCH LEONIE BY AN EXPLOSION OF GASOLINE AT SAUSALITO ON SATUR
DAY NIGHT LAST. AND.S. J. STUPARICH. WHO WAS THROWN TWENTY FEET FROM A ROWBOAT BY
THE CONCUSSION.
Mamie Corrigtm Threatened Suicide.
There is a growing suspicion that tho
girl, Mamie Corrigan, who left* her
father's house, 207 Steiner street, Wednes
day night, has carried out her threat and
committed suicide. The girl's parents and
Detectives Coleman and McMurray have
called at every house where she was
known, but not the slightest trace of her
has been found. Yesterday as a last resort
they went to Berkeley, but without any
result. The girl had written a letter to
her lover, Joseph TVelnholz, which fell
into the hands of Weinholz's mother. r?he
took the letter to Mrs. Corrlgan Wednes
day night and the girl and her mother had
a quarrel about the letter. The girl
ruBhed out of the house threatening that
she would kill herself. Shs boarded a
FillmQT_e-street car and that was the- last
seen of her.
Mrs. E. D. Kinne. past national presi
dent cf the Woman's Relief Corps, and
Geraldine E. Frlsbie. president of the
•Woman's Relief Corps Home Association,
have returned from the East, where they
attended the rational encampment, held
In Chicago. Aft«»r the session they visited
ihe National Relief Corps Home, in Madi
son. Ohio, and were the guests of the of
ficers. Mrs. Kinne has received the ap
pointment of national counselor for the
current year.
national Officer's Return.
Iho^IIE bones of the good launch Le-
I onle, rent by explosion and
I charred by fire, now lie In the
I wash Just off Sausalito beach.
That the bonea of her owners,
John C. Bellof and Frank Smith, and
those of their erstwhile guest, Stefano J.
Stuparich. are not mingled among hers
beneath the waves was due to fate alone.
The disaster occurred Saturday evening
shortly before S o'clock. The flame of a
lar.tern Ignited the fumes of gasoline in
the engine room of the launch. There
was a flash and a roar, then a mightier
Smith, the skin stripped from his hands
and face by the heat of the explosion and
his flesh cut from his waist to his ankles
by the broken glass, his clothing torn to
ribbons, but still awake to his danger,
As Smith reached the engine room the
odor of escaping gas attracted his atten
tion, but before he could retreat the little
craft blew up. Smith was hurled head
long through the glass window opening
out on to the side deck. Stuparich was
lifted from the row boat and tossed twen
ty feet astern, but he did not lose con
sciousness. Bellof leaped out Into the
night-darkened waters at the first flash,
and just In time. .
"Thinking he was only fooling. I re
mained in the saloon, and was in the ]
act of dijnking a glass of beer when he
Fuddenly returned and drawing a revolver
opened lire on me. As I staggered back
he replaced the weapon in his pocket,
evidently thinking that he had fatally
wounded me, and hurriedly left the
place."
"Noticing that he was offended." re- j
marked the wounded man. "I started to j
apologize to him. when he suddenly left
the saloon, after threatening to return
and do me up.
A few minutes later Mathyas rushed in
to the saloon and finding his unsuspecting
victim standing against the bar imme
cuately drew a. SS-caliber revolver and
fired at him. The bullet struck Her
_og in the thigh, inflctlng a serious.
wound. After firing the shot Mathyas
coolly placed the smoking revolver In his
pocket and left the saloon. He was fol
lowed by several men who had witnessed
the shooting, but as he threatened to turn
the revolver on them they gave up the
pursuit.
Herzog was taken to the office of Dr.
H. C. Edwards at 955 Folsom street,
where the wound was dressed. He ex-«
plained that he was only joking when he
pulled Mathyas' whiskers.
During a trivial row in s. saloon at 219 j
Fourth street last evening Herman Her- j
zog, a young man, was shot through the j
right thigh by Frederick Mathyas, an as
eayer employed in the Mining Bureau.
Mathyas fled from the scene immediately
after the shooting and up to a late hour j
last nijrht had not been captured.
According to the eye-witnesses of the
shooting. Herzog and Mathyas were in
the 6aloon drinking, when the former joc
ularly pulled the latter's whiskers.
Mathyas became greatly incensed and af- :
ter roundly abusing Herzog for what he j
termed his impudence left the place,
threatening to return and shoot the man j
who had insulted him. j
Nothing waa thought of the threat at
the time, as it was not believed that j
_lat_yas would return. «
Toolish Bow in a Fourth-Street E«-
Bort Results in a Desperate At
tempt to Commit
Murder.
Frederick Mathyas Seriously
Wounds Herman Herzog
in a Saloon.
SHOOTS A MAN
FOR PULLING
HIS WHISKERS
Becomes, Despondent Because of a
Chiding, but Now She Is Glad
Her Attempt'at Suicide
Miss Nellie Newton, a 17-year-old girl
residing: with her aunt at 226 Third
street, brooded over being chided for a
trivial disobedience until she decided that
life was not worth living, and sought
death and oblivion beneath the murky
.waters of the bay. The despondent girl
jumped from the Folsom-street wharf at
5 o'clock yesterday morning, but a sailor
plunging from the high deck of the
transport Sherman rescued her from the
fate she courted, and now she is glad she
is alive and promises never to do it
again.
The girl's mother isT in the East and
she has made her home with her aunt,
Mrs, H. Ash, since early childhood. Mrs.
Ash is the proprietress of a lodging
house at the Third-street address and
brought the first cloud on the life of her
young niece when she, required her to
assist in performing the duties of the
household. .Miss Newton became discon
tented and moody and at last when her
aunt requested her to bring in some
furnituro from the back porch she re
belled. As a result the furniture was
drenched by J the recent rain and Mra.
Ash scolded her niece for her negligence
or willfulness.
That was the last straw. On
Saturday night after the other oc
cupants of the lodging-house were
asleep the girl crept downstairs and out
into the night. She was determined to
die, but her courage waned, until shortly
before daylight, tired from tramping the
streets all night, she found herself at the
foot of Folsom street.
She walked out to the end of the wharf
and after a few moments' hesitation
tnrew herself into the water. The act
was witnessed by, several sailors jpn the
transport, and one of them, quickly di
vesting himself of his coat, dove after
n%r. He brought the girl to the surface
and managed to keep her above water j
until assistance arrived, when she was
drawn up on to the wharf. She was un
conscious,**but soon revived and was sent
home.
Miss Newton attended the theater with
her aunt last night and appeared to be
in. high spirits. She was loth to talk
about her attempt at self-destruction,
but admitted that she had been foolish
and had no desire to repeat the attempt.
The chilly, early morning at least served
to drown her troubles for the time being,
and she believes life is worth living
after all, in token of which she went to I
the theater last night with her aunt. {
Nellie Newton Plunges Into
the Bay, but Is Rescued
by a Sailor.
TRIES TO END
HER TROUBLES
WITH HER LIFE
Frank Smith Terribly Injured and His Two GornpaniQns
% Nearly Drowned as a Result of the Explosion.
LAUNCH LEONIE BLOWS UP,
NEARLY CAUSING A TRAGEDY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1900.
10
OOLDBEBO. BOWEIf * CO'8 SPECIAL SATKT8 BALS
String beans— world i 2 jc $i 40
Selected quality— natural flavor—
stringless— reg'ly Si 60 dozen
New s English— .French — Italian and
Jb ..German cheese
BrOOk trOUt-reg'ly 25c can 2OC
A palatable luncheon or breakfast
serve hot with buttered-sauce
New mince meat ingredients
Listerine-Lambert bot 20c and 65c
Fancy fat bloater mackerel
Toi 1 et paper— Belvedere $ j j q
Extra fine tissue— 1,000 sheets—
reg'ly ti 50 dozen
Eau de quinine-bot 35c and 65c
Pinaud— imparts life to the hair
German rock candy— ib jr<j
For colds
Lavender salts 25c and 45c
Relieves headache— very refreshing
Croicn — reg'ly 30c and 50c bottlo
Bran bagS— French 200
; Use In the bath— skin healing
properties — reg'ly 25c
Out of town patrons tciU find our
big illustrated catalogue of great as-
sistance tchen ordering supplies
Big winter supply orders at tciioZa.
tale prices
4)t Pine 13 1 Suffer *3oo California San Fraadxa
107J Clay between Eleventh and T-«!fth OaI4aai
. _^^V-IRTISE!_-ENTS.
SPEC! A T
CAT R
Iwlfiflllls,
White anl Black Satin Strlpel Taffeta,
_U Inches Wide SI.OO Yard
Grails aDl WMte W0Yen StrlPea Tarfeta ' Gros
24 Inches Wide Sf.OO Yard
Black and White Solid and Open Checked Taffeta.
22 Inches Wide SI.OO
Black and White Satin Striped Taffeta, Gros Grain.
24 Inches Wide SI. 15
Black and Whtte Pllsse Satin Striped Taffeta,
21 Inches Wide SI.25
The a_ove silks are on exhlhltlon in our Show
Windows this week, and our customers In the Interior
are asked to write for samples of them at once while
the assortment Is complete.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
1500 uards NOVELTY. SILKS, Including STRIPES.
PLAIDS and BROCADES, In lengths ranging from 31
uards to 9 uards each-former prices SI.OO, S1.25,
$1.50 and $2.00 per uard.
AH 50c Yard
HI. 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
Opera v = « =
Glasses,
Lorgnettes,
AN ELEGANT SE__;CTIOM.
Ocullnts' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairi-ff. Phone. Mala 10.
OPTICIANS^oTO^'Snc" 5 -
642 Market 5t. instruments
tmotf* cHBOMictt Buitoixfr. Catalogue Tree.
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK H. KERRIGAN,
REGTJ_AR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
DR.MGMJLTY.
qCHIS WEU-KNOWN AND RK_IAB_E OLD
I Speciallstcur<uBloodPoi9on,Gonorrb<Ba,01eet.
S trictorf , Seminal Weakness. Impotence and U»e!r
•Hied Disorders. Book on Diseases ot Men. frea.
OverC0TeaMVippr1ence.Termsreasonable.Honn,
9to3d_ily;6:30to430eT I BS.SnndaT«,10 to 12. Consul,
tation free and sacredly con Sdential. CaJl or address
iv noscoE at cxuity, m. d.
«O M Kearny St., San Francisco, CaL
1A/. T. HESS.
HOT A_Y PCBLIO AJO ATT0K3_T--T-__W.
Tenth Floor/ Room 1015, Claua Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown >J_
Baaldence, SZ1 California at., below Powell. '
' -^aa rr-acUco^ ' — -5_t
Trapper's Qll cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. KlcharOa & Qo.; 404 Claj\«
..'¦ The name of Sloss has been a guarantee
of I Integrity,; In this • community for fifty
years. 8 ?. The 'election of M.' C. Sloss to the
Superior * bench will be creditable to the
manand to the people whoichooae him. •
'" '-'¦¦¦' :'¦-¦' T ¦¦'-¦'-.
M.C. Sloss Is honest, "able and energetic.
If elected Superior Judge he has the edu-
cation and character to fiU^the office with
credit. to himself and honor to the com-
munity, - • ;
60LDB--8, BOff-W ft CO'8 SPECIAL 8ATINQ BAH
POLDBERG
BOWEN
We advertise only from
our regular stock — stop a
moment and figure what
you save by these special
prices
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— fancy creamery 42^C
Made since the recent rains —
choice quality— reg'ly 50c square
Fancy Jordan shelled almonds
Tomato catsup 3 bottles 50c
GB& Co— natural color— fresh
tomato flavor — reg'ly 20c bottlo
Marrons glacef orange flavor
Spaghetti-reg'ly 15c Ib 12 JC
Also vermicelli — letters and numbers
, —best quality of French paste
Smyrna washed locoum Jigs in baskets
_.,,_. ->_; ' regly »pec!al
Old Crow Bourbon 1892 bot 5i 25 Ji
_" "' " 1892 gal 5 4
Hermitage Bye 1886 Hot 150 115
" 1886 gal_6 4 50
Fard dates stuffed tcith nuts
' ' ' ¦ ______ , ¦ y ¦ ¦
Chutney— Bombay pint }OC
reg'ly 35c and 60c quart 50C
From an old condiment manufacturer
in India — all kinds except Major Grey
Uneeda wayfers and biscuits Just in
Glace' cherries—^v«tc7i 45c
No. 1 Imported fruit— reg'ly 6ocib
Big Holland cucumbers
Ginger al e—Farfr_y- — $j
Awarded "Gold Medal " at Paris
- Exposition— nothing finer made in
America — equal to any Imported —
reg'ly $i 25 dozen
¦ ' ' ' ?$§
California chestnuts for stuffing
VermOUth— French pint 2QC
reg'ly 35c and 65c quart 55c
Slightly bitter— flavored with
aromatic herbs— tonic for the stomach
Old Virginia hams
Alkethrepta chocolate 20c
Full of nutrition— made quickly
reg'ly 25c can
Bar-le due currants red and white | x
0 1 i VeS— Teyssonneau small 3 OC
reg'ly 35c and 50c bottle large 45C
Olives in oil stuffed with, anchovies
New nuts and raisins arriving —
ADVEBTISEIIZNTS.
( "l
I
COLLARETTE (shown
[ above) is of Sable Opossum,
f with an electric seal yoke. It
I is beautifully lined with rich
. black satin, has 6 Ions: tails
and is an exquisite little gar-
ment in every particular.
S I0.00 ea ch
ELECTRIC SEAL COLLAR-
ETTES—A swell little gar-
ment with an astrakan yoke;
%*¦>, only
S 4.5O each
ELECTRIC SEAL COLLAR-
ETTES — The yoke is of elec-
tric seal, top collar and border
of sable hare; nicely lined and
beautifully made.
$ 7-5O each
HXiebe$
£> Company
INCORPORATED
i 113-157 Post/t«/
_?3ff-*-; ' ,,^' ' T__r^
i
s3m»»T Given Li d
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Buy
Come Just to See
GreatAiDericaoIiaportiDiTea{Jo.
n» Grant «t«., bet. Sutt*r and Feat ata.
f*l Market «_. opp. Powell."
t: Market «rt.. junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE. *
Prlc« 26 cento. All drugglsta. or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
FORD. 175 1>. Bprtpg St. Los A-gdce, CaJ^ •