Fcriptions from royal dunors; old shoes
that hed been worn and. worn, then put
away to mold; and saddest of all are the
dozens of -ibrettos, some elegantly bound
and carefully preserved, but- now musty
with age. All the blank space In the books
was covered with clippings from Euro
pean papers recounting his brilliant suc
cesses. One described his triumph at the
Kscurlal Palace. Madrid, where he sang
before Queen Isabella II. Another men
tioned his pleasing the Czar Nicholas and
particularly the Czarina with his songs.
Herr Moosbrugger seemed .to enjoy this
recollection. ". .., 3
"Oh, the impress, she was beautiful —
beautifully musical!" and the old man
lapsed into silence for a moment as he
dreamed over again a scene long past.
One of the librettos • contained a state
ment of tho well known composer Lachner
(who ruled 'the musical society of Mann-
helm), pronouncing him the finest singer
of classical music, his repertoire embrac
ing Handel, Haydn, Gluck, Mendelssohn,
Mozart and Bach. •, ,•
It was evident from the notes through
out the librettos that he had mastered
them all. When - 1 first glanced at these
books I had dared to wonder why Herr
Moosbrugger had not sold them to keep
hunger ; away, - but i In a ? moment more I
understood why he had held them dear.
He is out 'of the race now, for age has
overtaken - him and the great operatic
world heedlessly continues in its course.
Bo the far-famed Brucci lives In the past
with Its memories, but he seems to take
comfort with his trunk of treasures and
his realization that . v v , :
The rapture of pursuing . . ¦
' Xa the prlxe the vanquished rain.
' GRACB FERN.
MOTT can we account for this? One
cf Europe's celebrities in a San
Francisco alm«house! Yet. it is
an established fact that Herr
Freflertch Moosbrug-ger, a famous Ger
man tenor, known on the operatic stage
as 'Brueci." although admired by ihe
royalty of the Old World because of his
beautiful voice, called Lord Chesterfield
because of bis culture and elegance of
manner, a master of French %nd German,
end. genius with bis brush and palette,
he now finds his way to an almshouse
aJone in h!s old age.
"Over the hills to the poorhouse!" Hew
often we have read this pathetic poem
without thinking it might mean cur own
future. Herr Moosbrugger himself read
a translation of this poem of Carleton's
•when it first appeared, little dreaming:
that his own brilliant career would end in
this saddest of events, a disconsolate ride
to the almshouse. We know that every
one dies alone, but there are certainly
other times in our lives when we could
rot be more solitary, and such a Journey
la one of them.
Twice a week the county wagon ratUes
up to the San Francisco City Hall to take
any unfortunates who have proved to be
In Btich a need. A once proud but now
brokea spirit drags himself into this con
veyance because such a step seems the
only antithesis to suicide, which would
b* cowardly.
The ride to the almsho'jse is a long one,
fraught with recollections of the life be
hind us. the past with Its lights and shad
dtyws. its triumphs and its dark contrasts.
We recall it now with a clearness and
forcefulness that is equaled only by our
realizalior of what we have finally come
to. So black are the screens of memory
that they shut out the brightness of tha
funshine about us. The wagon rumbles
on and en. outside the. city and over the
hills toward charity. The driver's loud
and careless words cf encouragement only
cause us to shrink more within ourselves,
thinking- he cannot know as well as -we
where he is t .iking us and what humility
is ours.
We feel no gratitude; If we could we
might be ab!e to*' see beauty in the clear
blue cf the sky and the graceful green
covered hills studded with raindrops
which fparkle in the smiles of sunlight;
but to us now the serenity seems a taunt
ing mockery that hurts our already shat
tered feelings. We have eyes only for the
barren bits of stubble that we pass, or a
tree that has been vested of Its leaves
arfl robbed of Its life; but the tree is
epared the knowledge of its Blow decay,
v.hile we must face the consciousness of
our despair.
There are few people of fine nature*,
however, who climb out of the county
wagon and enter the Aimhouse with as
much grace and courage as did the once
proud-spirited Herr Moosbrugger. This
msn. who was once a welcome guest of
royalty, passed up the steps to San Fran
cisco's home for the poor a few weeks
ago with the same dignity that character
ized his calls at Buckingham Palace; for
It Is true that this individual used to visit
Queen Victoria end the Prince of Wales
at their request, sometimes as often as
twice a week. The Queen admired the
beautiful quality of his voice and loved
to hear him eing while he played his own
accompaniments with exquisite harmony.
He was perfectly at home in the imperial
palace. He is now at home in the Alms-
house.
Herr Mocsbrugger's arrival startled
even the managers of the institution, who
ree many of the tragedies of life. He was
a distinguished-looking man of perhaps
revertty-five years, wearing an opera coal
with the cape gracefully thrown back, a
tilk hat, gold sleeve-buttons and carrying
a cane. How could he be in want? But.
on closer observation, one observed the
bat to be much the worse for wear, his
Eboefl shabby, his linen badly worn and
soiled, and worse than all, the man was
starving — starving in a strange land.
So this prince oi paupers took up his
sbode with the scores of other unfortu
nates about him, and, having a remark
ar>ie dis=pos=iton. he put away his pride and
Rocd-naturedly adapted himself to cir
cumstances.
When Hrrr Moosbrugger was presented
to rac a day or two ago by a man in
of th«; Almshouse, he still wore the
old opera coat and silk hat, which only
served to contrast more forcibly their
owner's past and present and to empha
size more strongly his unkempt appear
ance. For he still looked neglected, al
though his physical wants had been sup
plied and the wornout linen had been re
placed by a coarse gray flannel Fbirt.
There were, no gold sleeve-buttons now,
and no tie. F.»s chin was unshaven and
Ms ccat soiled and unbrushed, but I was
j>rond to take his hand, a. soft, fine hand
that kings had gladly shaken while thf-y
praised his genius in years gone by.
The venerable gallant removed his hat
•with his left hand and held It gracefully
tilted against his shoulder. If he wa.s
ashamed of his appearance his embar
rassment was overshadowed by courtcfy.
Kis clothes were no longer presentable,
but his manner showed that innate pcllu
cees which age cannot dim.
Herr Moosbrugger greeted me in Ger
man I did not understand, but his wel
come was easily apparent in his yolce ant
bearing. His charm and suavity of man-
Tier was such as one might have expected
from Ix>rd Chesterfield under the most
favorable circumstances, but scarcely Id
an almshouse. :'*'.
And the eyes of this aged knight! They
were the clearest, brightest, bluest eyes
I have ever seen. They were a ready in
dex to his frank, honest character and in
dicated a life free from dissipation but'
devoted to the earnest, careful working
out of bis ideals prompted by the fire of
genius.
Improbable as it may appear, Herr
Moosbrugger has proved an honor to his
old historical family in the Austrian
Tyrol, noted far its longr line of artists,
beginning with Angelica Kaufraann, who
was the first woman to become famous
ass a portrait painter. It was Moosbrug
ger who sang in the Initial production of
Wagner's "Tannhauser" in the Royal
Theater at Karlsruhe and won distinction.
He then went to Stuttgart to Bins at the
etate concert given by the King of Wurt
k temberg. After a successful concert tour
* through Germany, Herr Moosbrugger
went to Paris, bearing introduction* from
Queen Olga of Wurttemberg-, Count and
Countess Ingleheim. Prlnca Weimar and
The contents of the trunk indicated that
their owner had traversed the gamut of
life from the heights of luxury to the
depths of despair. There were choice pic
tures that had belonged* to his wife: a
dusty black velvet coat of the style gen
tlemen of leisure wore about the house a
score of years ago; old books with in-
"Just look at the size of it." said on<»
of the inmates. "It took three men to
carry it in. Mighty seldom a person
comes to the Aimshouse with a big trunk
like that; or. in fact, any trunk at all."
The old man had come to America to
spend his old age with hJs son, Au?u?t
Mocsbrugger, who is decidedly more than
a. prodigal, for he secured the last two
remittances sent his father for the salo
of property in Germany, squandered tho
money, refused to recognize filial duty
and made himself comfortable In Oak
land, where he is to-day. In the mear.
time Herr Moosbrujrger senior struggled
for over a year trying to get pupils for
French and German. He roomed with a
Nichols family at the corner of Van Ne.ss
avenue and Sutter street. San Francisco,
but fell behind with his rent and was com
pelled to take up his abode in the Alms
house.
At the close of my interview with Herr
Moosbrugger som^ one in charge of the
institution suggested my looking through
the old man's trunk, adding that it was
most interesting. Herr Moosbrugger no
ticed my hesitation (for such an act
seemed to me a sacrilege) and assured mo
I v.'as most welcome to examine his treas
ures. "Your pleasure, madam," ha added,
waving me toward them In a manner that
convinced me again. that true politeness is
only kindness.
"But how could such a conscientiously
directed list come to this destination?" I
asked the interpreter, aud learned the
reason:
When it became known to the people of
Melbourne that this white haired tnan
was "Brucci," the operatic songster. th2v
insisted upon a public appearance ani
gave him a great ovation. Herr Moos
brugger finally decided to remain in that
city and for several years he taught
voice, as well as painting on wood and
china.
In fact this English Earl sent his son
to Paris to be educated, explaining: "My
idea is to unite in him what has never
been found in one person before— I mean
the best qualities of the two nations."
In the character of Herr Moosbrugger
we have that rare combination, the stolid-'
Ity and thoroughness of a German and the
tact and politeness of a Frenchman, this
latter quality being increased by his al
most constant association with the people
of that nation, for "Brucci" returned to
France after his London tour and re
mained untilit became unsafe for him to
live in Paris because of the trouble wag-
Ing between their two countries, ,
-Moosbrurgwthefl: returned to Germanv
and bought a villa on the shore of the
Koenigsee. The singer's health had faile 1
and he sought to regain it in the moun
tain air of the Tyrol. He lived happily
here with his wife and two children, fre
quently receiving such celebrities as
Clara Schumann, Aglaja Orgeni, Desire
Artot. Frau Joachim and Max Grube.
Some years later Herr Moosbrugger'3
wife and daughter died and he became a
broken hearted man. Wishing to leav«i
the scene of his wrecked happiness, he
left with his son for Australia, where ha
traveled for three years, painting: the
flora Indigenous to that country for a
German firm.
"I am being often taken for a French
man, and more than one of them has paid"
me the highest possible compliment by
saying: 'Monsieur, you are quite ona of
ourselves." "
Then I remembered that Lord Chester
field, to whom Herr Moosbrugger was
compared, has written:
And the old man, looking ay-ay into the
past, rang softly agSln that romance. It
was interesting to watch the light in his
face and eyes. His voice had gone with
the years, but his love and enthusiasm
returned with memory.
Suddenly coming back to the present,
Herr Moosbrugger asked my pardon for
having forgotten himself bo far as to sing.
So graceful was his apology that I was
forced to remark the French courtliness
of this German.
"I like politeness," he said (although
needlessly). "The most Ideal gentleman I
ever had the honor to know was Capoul
He was beautifully artistic on the stage
splendid manner— and he was quite as
pleasing in social life. He was born at
Toulouse. I admire the charming cour
tesy of the French."
"Ah! Christine Nilsson was such a
Mignon! So beautiful! So ideal! I ad
mired her so much. 'Micnon! Mignon!
How I loved to sing:
"O. lleo. cor! daeli tu .un so-spiro. nn spire
d'amor'"
Karly jn the "70's at Drtxry I.anc Thea
ter, London, wtien "MJgnon" was present
ed, with Christine Nilsson gracing the
title role, it was Herr Mooshrugger who
replaced the famous Capoul, s»InKins: the
role of Wilhelm Meister. How well he re
members It still!
Count Diller. It ¦was here that he took
the stage name of "Brucci." and for sev
eral years was sought after for opera and
concert work. lie was in great demand at
private concerts given by Princess Ma
thilde Bonaparte, the Countess Vares
quin. the Duchors Pauline Metternich ard
the Turkish embassy, and sang in orato
rios with Adelina Patti and Carlotta.
A
MAN,
ONCE
THE GUEST OF ROYALTY,
NOW
IN THE SAN FRANCISCO
COUNTY ALMS HOUSEYou know the average waiter is all right
and will do his work -well so long as he
trots In the same groove all day, but take
him outside of it and give him something
new to do, and he is good for nothing;
and no matter how sue* I am of my men
here, I cannot bo absolutely certain they
will do well outside. It is the same with
the chef.. His kitchen Is a realm over
which he reigns absolute, and there Is not
a detail or "an appointment with which
he is not familiar and which he does not
keep in perfect working order. When he
prepares a dinner In the kitchen of some
one elso— ah, that Is different. Now, you
see, those are the two main reasons why
it is not so easy to serve a dinner In a
private house as It Is here.
There are, however, some persons, par
ticularly those whose houses are palaces,
who prefer dining their friends at their
own table. By such men I am often
called upon and w given almost carte
blanche to get up dinners, and for such
service I keep a picked crew of men, who
rarely fall.
I«Jow, If a man were to call here and Bay,
"Oscar, on a certain evening In December
I am going to give a dinner of "ten covers
In my house. My guests wlll.be men, and
I want you to get up the dinner for me.
I ehall not limit* you as to cost. I want
¦¦¦•'. ¦ i •¦•.-¦
at the smoking room, both of which
would, be under my charge, that I -would
know how and where to decorate them
and to place the necessary service. Ii)
the reception room I would have' a little
sido "table on which cocktails and. caviar
sandwiches would be placed, and I should
have a man there to "attend to the ser
vice of these appetizers before dinner.
I would give the menu" to the chef in
time for him to make ail preparations for
the dinner. I would notify the steward
and wlno man. so If there was any par
ticular thing to be procured they would
have plenty of time to get It. ,
The chef .would send a trusted assist
ant to the house ' to see the j kitchen, to
inspect the range, and to learn the sit
uation.
I would send Word to the florist what
sort of decorations were required.
About 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the
day of the dinner I. would have every
thing in readiness 'that could be done
lure and would send up the crew with
the dinner service, and the chef would
send his kitchen crew up for the dinner.
The kitchen would be cleared for work;
no one would be allowed to enter It or In
terfere in any way after the chef took
charge.
I would have a wine server, three watt
ers and an omnibus in attendance. I
would go to the house about 4:30 and in
struct nay men what to' do. Then I would
leave them and return in time- to super
mmmsissv.' ¦• ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ — :
"OSCAR," Maitre d'Hotel of the Waldorf-Astoria, tells how to
Serve a Dinner in Private Residences.
Fresh Interest has recently been devel
oped In the fact that the West Indian hur
ricanes and other great storms at sea fre
quently produce a remarkable effect upon
the tides along neighboring coasts. "When
h, tempest Is approaching, or passing: out
on the ocean, the tides are noticeably
higher than usual, as If the water had
been driven In a vast wave before the
storm. The Influence extends to a great
distance from the cyclonic storm center,
so that the possibility exists of foretell
ing the approach of a dangerous hurri
cane by means of indications furnished
by the tide gauges situated far away from
the place occupied by the ¦whirling -wind.
Tho fact that the tidal wave outstrips
the advancing storm shows how extreme*^
ly sensitive the surface of the sea la to*
change of pressure brought to bear upon
It by too nover-restlng atmosphere.
of historic theological stnres ime the
memory of a horrible nightmare, llovr
brethren have bitten and devoured each
other over the microscopical or imaginary
differences between their several shibbo
leths! How. even In this free America
of ours sectarian strifes and Jealousies
have robbed the childhood, and youth of
the nation by excluding from our pub
lic schools the legitimate influence of the
best moral classics In the literature of tho
world! The moral potency of the Bible's
progressive history, Instructive biogra
phies, noble ideals and divine precept*
has been minimized and often even poi
soned for children and adults by the mu
tual bitterness of opposing sects as each
championed Its own little creed as the
"true and only" summary and Interpreta
tion of Bible truth. The unifying and
ennobling power of the Christian religion
upon society lies not In the promotion of
uniform doctrinal opinions among/Chris
tians, but In awakening the energy j of;
noble purpose. The#true spirit of Chris
tianity is sweet and gentle, loving, help
ful and true; it has the loftiest alms and
ideals In the direction of moral princi
ple, sterling character and spiritual en
noblement, and its methods include per
sonal devotion, self-control and self-sac
rifice. Upon the broad New Testament
platform of the love of God and tha
service of mankind all true Christians of
all churches might unite if they could but
forget their petty differences. The world's
greatest need to-day Is the active moral
influence that would result from such uni
ty upon the life of the people In all Its
Institutions and relationships and expres
sions. Men will discuss theories and opin
ions until they differ and quarrel and
scatter, hating each other: but bring th«
same men together by the attraction of
some lofty moral purpose and they will
concentrate upon that purpose impassion
ed energy,, combined with invincible mu
tual loyalty. Surely the ages have suffi
ciently illustrated the baneful power of
divisive opinions in religion. Is not this
dawn of the twentieth century a fitting
time for a merging of differences and a
display of what can be accomplished by a
concentration of spiritual energy upon the
one great moral purpose of all churches
'and all religions?
ural and necessary will be his faith in
the Immensities beyond his ken. It is be
cause the vistas of truth have so length
ened and because all the expanse of truth
has so broadened in modern times that
the modern spirit refuses .to be longer
confined -within the little "garden -walked
around" that constituted the spiritual
paradise of the Puritans. To them that
snug little inclosttre was the only pure
and safe place, all space outside being
full of wickedness and ravaged by the
"roaring lion seeking whom he might de
vour," but to the modern successors of
the Puritans the whole "earth is the
Lord's and the fullness thereof, the world
and they that dwell therein"— a doctrine
which, properly understood, comprises the
whole system of Christian truth with all
its worship and all its personal and so
cial obligations in the direction of rght
eousnesp. If this is unbelief, then such
men 'as Frederick \V. Robertson. Henry
Ward Beechef. Robertson Smith. Pro
fessor Briggs and Dwight Hillls must be
classed as unbelievers.
The day of written creeds has gone by
and the dawn of a nobler day appears.
Little by little the religious world is com
ing to perceive that the Idea of intellec
tual agreement among * Christians upon
doctrinal . theories and opinions Is a
¦wretched delusion and a fatal snare. As
part of this discovery comes the vision
rtdual thought upon religious matters by
orecting some supposed standard of doc
trine than -you could stop the flight of
time by means of a board fence. The aim
of the creed revisers is S3 hopelessly out
cf date that even if they should be able
to s«j manipulate the ¦ ecclesiastical ma
chine as to accomplish it the success
could only be a sham. In the past men
have subscribed to creeds because, their
neighbor's did so and for various reasons
that have lone; lost* their former value;
In the future men. will refuse to do so
because among other reasons uniformity
of doctrinal opinion Is no longer possi
ble, and personal enualion has become a
factor in the reckoning. The Protestants'
traditional motto represents a purpose not
yet achieved so long aa a man-made creed
is allowed to stand between him and
"the Open Bible."
One of the stigmas hurled by traditional
orthodoxy against the free spirit wheih
chafes at creeds is tho charge of unbe
lief. This is a very blind sort of mis
take. In truth, the freer the rnlnd of a
truly religious man from the trammels of
traditional opinion and prescribed doc
trine the larger and deeper and stronger
will be his f tilth. He believes not less,"
but more than his orthodox neighbor, and
he believes H^more thoroughly and more
heartily. The more and farther a man
sees the larger and fuller and more nat-
The main plea in favor of a written
creed in the contention that Biblical state
ments are capable of various Interpreta
tions; that asp<?nt to a written creed guar
antees common agreement, and that with
out it a veritable babel of doctrinal con
fusion must ensue. This contention Is
plausible in theory, but of very little ac
count in fact, ignoring, as it doss, the
immense and force of individual
ism In modern thought. You can no more
arrest the incessant movement of Indl-
«=jp=IIE world surely noves 1 New illus
trations of this tr'te truth are com-
Ing into view every day. Among
them is the stir about questions
theological, which is now making things
lively in Presbyterian church circles all
over this cour.try. There is some vigorous
kicking- being cone against the revolting
dogznes of infant damnation; predestina
tion and totul depravity, together, with
other theological fictions which have come
down to us from mere superstitious tiir.es.
And thereby har.gs a chapter of Puritan
church history which it xcay be interest
ing to glance at.
On July 1, 1C43, Idv the authority cf the
Ensllsh Parliament was convened that
noted and historic convocation known as
the Westminster Assembly of Divines. It
consisted of 121 of the ablest ecclesiastics
of England, with thirty lay assessors, and
the ta.=k set for it to accomplish was the
settlement for all future generations of
the government, worship and discipline
of the Church of Kngland! So far as the
first part of its task was concerned, the
assembly proved a brilliant failure, for al
though Its members were nearly all Pres
byterians the constitution of the Church
of Ecglar.d iemained Kpiscopalian and
still remains so. But the work for which
the assembly became noted in church his
tory w as Its construction of those erudite
theological documents knovn as "The
Confession of Faith" and the "Larger and
Shorter Catechisms.? These "Westmin
ster Standards," as they are generally
termed, have constituted In substance the
creed of Protestant Christendom for more
than -JO years. The forging cf this creed
¦was a warm piece of business, and the
welding of Us successive links meant
much hard hammering; but r.o more
splendid product of elaborate creed-mak
ing exists iii the entire literature of
Protestant Christerdom. This 1? the creed
which is disturbing Presbyterian and
ether churches of this country to-day,
and the disturbance is growing apace.
The trouble Is that many urofess-icnal ec
clesiastics favor a creed as a dignified
essential of an ecclesiastical system,
•while the more progressive utilitarian
laity would relegate It to tome museum
of antiquated curios. Strong antagonisms
result and bitterness is oftor. engendered
•which is entirely out of harmony with the
essential spirit of the Christian religion.
In the Intervals of strife, however, there
occur periods of reflection, and out of
such reflection arise pertinent questions
as to the whence and wherefore of all
•written creeds. Not only so, but these
questions are belnjj answered with om
lnous disregard for ecclesiastical authori
ties. The oid jcrecd being virtually a dead
letter, the precise question s.bout which
the Presbyterian churches of this country
are disturbed just row is whether they
ehall bur;- it or let it lie uncared for or
try to galvanize Jt into life by a process
called "revision." The revision proposed,
however, is hopelessly telated; happily no
propesed settlement In that direction, could
last ten years. An agitation of- the- near
future, -which lndetd Is already overdue,
will be determinedly aimed at the entire
abolition of all written creeds as a neces
earr etcp toward the liberation of cur-
they bad and the views of God ami the
human race which such knowledge'ren
dered possible. But we have knowledge
which they diJ not pofposs. Not only ha*;
scholarship advanced but the area of hu
man knowledge h.ts broadened Immeasur
ably, covering some matter's with the
light of certitude which they mis-unrlcr
stood in the dim shadow of !<-:;.. f. All
honor to the memory of ancu<tcra who 1
have transmitted to us our. noble heritage
of (bought and Fplrlt and conuIUoni of
life. But wt dp not r.eed them to Icrriiti
late our doctrines for us: neitlvr would
they desire to do it could they speak to
U3 from the dead. We can do it better for
ourselves. The best honor that we can
render to the reformers and the Puritans
Is not to lavishly parrot their theological
tenets but to adapt to tln> thought r.nd
life of our own time the splendid heritage)
of moral principle, and spiritual quality
Which they have parped.down to u-\
The creeda of the past were intended as
BumTisarien of Biblical teaching upon r..
licious subjects at a time when the de
sire to systematize such teaching was
strong. Tho catechism form of ti..- chief
of these dccjztnests attests thfir main pur
pose n« educational. Sin,ce those daytj the
spread of education has rendered uanee
fi?sar> those categorical statements of re
ligious belief. The average church mem
ber now is better educated' than tn? avcr-
<rnt rc-Ilrriorss thought from the l^ading-
Etrinps of byrone ipe?.
Some good p, oplo will be shocked at this
idea. They are accustomed to the notion
that a written creed is a necessary stan
dard of correct theological oprnion, with
out which there could be no adequate
Guarantee against false beliefs and heret
ical teachings. In the minds (if such even
the suggestion of chance arouses sus
picions cf sinister Intent. Thf» threatened
creed?, they tcil uf, belong to the heritage
left us by noble ancestors, who wrought
gloriously and suffered heroically for tne
faith once delivered to the saints. What
MjfRced for the religious nurture of the
fathers Fhould, we are told, suffice for
their children, and if it does not the infer
ence-is that we are a lot of molluscous
degenerates.
All of which is beside the mark. The
old creods in question were brought into
existence for purposes or under conditions
of time and place which have ceased to
bo. This remark applies to all the creeds
and conferslons acknowledged in whole or
In part by Protestants now. It is simply
incredible that a free assembly of 100 liv
ing arid representative Protestant divines
convened in Westminster to-day co6!d is
sue, confirm or sanction such a document
as the 'confession of, faith which is now
causing such dissension in \ Presbyterian
circles. The authors of that creed did
their splendid best with the "knowledge
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Copyright, 1900, by Quail & Warner.
GETTING up and serving a dinner
outside 'of one's province, so to
speak, is not so easy as one may
suppose. To serve a dinner In the
Waldorf-Astoria to any number' of per
sons is simple in comparison. Years ago
if a man contemplated giving a dinner to
several friends he felt he must give It In
his own house; so he -vould send for some
caterer, make his wants known, have an
estimate made, and after settling a few
details the order would be given and the
caterer took charge of everything, even
to the decorations. Frequently, from an
artistic viewpoint, such dinners were dire
failure?, and that Is why the custom of
entertaining one's friends In hotels has
become almost universal. In his own
house a man feels responsible for every
thing, and naturally would be more or
less anxious and perhaps a blt'nervous.
Of course, you know, he could not say to
his guests, "If this dinner Is not all right
I am not responsible. I employed a cater
er to serve it."
When the dinner Is given here or In any
of the well-known hotels or restaurants
In town the host is comparatively > free
from anxiety, as he knows It will be all
right. In these days of almost perfect
system In hotels It Is really better for. a
man to entertain his friends In a hotel.
There are always dining-rooms suitable
for any occasion,' and In his own hotel the
the finest dinner you can serve, and suit
able floral decorations; dinner to be served
at 7:C0 sharD." v
Well/ the first question I Sliould ask
him would be: "Are the gentlemen who
are to dino with you Americans? If not,
what Is their nationality?"* For according
to their nationality I should be guided in
making up my menu. If they were Eng
lish I _ would, of course, have a roast of
•beef, as no Englishman thinks he has
dined unless he has roast beef. ~
The custom of serving a different soit
of wine for every course Is a thing of the
past. Only two kinds are now served—
champagne, which comes on justafter the
oysters, and Burgundy, which 'should be
served with, the gnme. Of course, the
particular brand of wine Is a matter of
taste and would be selected by the host.
December is the ideal / month In which
to give a dinner; the markets are replete
with everything that Is good and game
of all sorts is In prime condition. Now.
a couple, or perhaps four or five, days be
fore the evening of the dinner I would
visit the house of the gentleman who
gtves the dinner, so that I could see the
size of the dining room, the sort of table,
the style and color scheme of the decora
tions In order to make my "table linen,
n»" china, glass and other items of ser
.vlce harmonize and to know how to suit
m- floral decorations to the room and to
see where they were to be placed. I would
take a look at the reception room and
Intend the service. If the host preferred
I would have his linen, silver, glass, etc..
used, but would much rather use my cwn.
I would have the oysters at each plate
a minute before the guests were seated.
Before they were finished I would- have
the champagne poured. The latest glass
is the revival of the old flaring top glass
with the slender stem. One minute after
the oysters were removed the soup would
be served, and one after the other th<*
courses would follow In not too precipi
tate haste. The grapo fruit salad should
be served in the rind of the fruit, cut Into
pretty shapes. The name of each guest,
on a card, should be laid In the place
where he Is to sit. This, of course. Is
selected by the host. A small bouton
nlere should be laid by each card. Bur
gundy now Is served In small round
glasses with slender stems. The .meats
and game should be carved at side tables
and the salad service placed on a side
table. Relishes, such as olives, celery
salted almonds, must be placed In silver
or glass dishes on the table: butter on a
side table. Ice and -water carafes on the
sideboard; champagne In coolers and the
Burgundy must bo set In the sun during
the afternoon to give it tho desired tem
perature. Coffee and cigars -would be
served In the smoking room.
I would have my crew remove every
article of service from the house, and
have the dining room and kitchen In per
feet order a little after m^nlght.
maltre d'hotel feels sure of his men: he
has everything at hand and is not a bit
nervous.
2
REFORMING THE CREEDS
JyfS ITH this issue the Sun
fSy day Call breaks nezv
ground by inaugurating
i department in which religious
l opics and the moral aspect of pub
he questions will be discussed in a
reverent, . scholarly manner and
from an up-to-date humanitarian
point of vine. The following ar
ticle upon the burning question of
"Reforming the Creeds" is the first
of a consecutive series to be contrib
uted to the Sunday Call by the Rev.
S. Sloeombe. The topics, of 'suc
ceeding articles will be such as
"Public Amvsemcnh/' "The Christ
That Is to Be," "What Is Faith?"
"IV 'hat Is a Christian r Those
who arc faniiliar rcith the virility,
incisive force and. intense earnest
ness of the' reverend gentleman's
style in dealing with moral and
sociatyncstions n-i'//,' welcome these
articles with hearty interest.
.t.._i_- ." * ¦¦'.¦•
npo clergyman was th<?n. And hi* ertuca
tJpn tnahles him to ji^rcrtve th..v weak
points in h!s Rrratprandfather's cherished
.-srpo as rolled, to current r?lj|loi|«i con
c'lt'ons andjirpspnt conceptions of spirit
ual verities! Such being the case, to in
sist upon adhesion to ihat old crt-t i is 10
reduce it to the lovel of a fetish and (o
envelop the essentials of the Christian ra
llgion In an air of unreality.
It has been said that every man who
thinks has his own creed, and ther.» Js no
doubt a measure of truth in the state
ment. But that creed is formed In* hid own
cor.s Miousiif-?? as he gofs along. It Is of
value- to him for that very reason, wbr-re
p* the creed which a man adopts bfcauVe
it has come to him through th<- r.mt will
u.u' testament of some dead ancestor if
for that reason apt to be a, dead letUr A
mi.r.'3 creed should be to him like me
hud* and blossoms to a living tr*o in
tnrlngtime. namely, u natural expression
it subjective life In relation to present ob
jf«M:vf; rendition*. But if this comyrrifon
implies a claim too ideal in its nature to
t»p realized In th^ -common expert ?nce of
ordinary religious people, yet it surely
caiinot be too much to expect that a re
ligious man's crer d shall at least afford a
practicable working plan for the conduct
of his lite.
A man's crrei], roughly speaking. Is his
scli*me of the unlyerne nnd of his cloca
'therein. It is on the i',ic<- of it .tb*i;rd
that the result of the deliberations <>f a f
hundred Puritan divines 250 years ago
Should decide such a scheme for thinking
ni : n to-day. Tl.H absurdity cou:d be illus
trated indefinitely from the text of 'Tito
C«jr.feV,slon cf Faith." which is rr.ost
'••arfhl.v <iut of tune with the bent mo.Wn
rUlpIous thought and Jife. Chapt-r VI,
for example, Is simply an absurd una
'Sirnnifm where It Hj»faks» of tho f-ill of
"our Jim parents" from their "original
righteousness" as? entailing upon us a
moral condition "whereby we are utterly
indisposed, disabled and made opposite to
all «(od and wholly inclined to all evil."
Itt like manner section S cf chapter I in
dercrtblng the Scriptures of the Old Ten-'
ament in Hebrew and of tlie New Testa
ment In Greek as "being immediately In
spired by <Jod and by his singular caro
ana providence kept pure In all agf."
This If well known to be so far astray
f.om the facts of the case that It !3 be
yend the power of polemical juggle:;.- to
plve it even the semblance of truth. Why
not let, the Bible rest upon its own uht
iis ' Why prop It uy with the' blanched
Kories of the dead in a manner to «cnre
nv.a> the living? Why not allow the liv
hip Bible to make its twn appeals u the
intelligence and the' moral sense of living
>ou. direct? If It cannot succeed no, it
will not sucked through the enforced nit
diurn of an obsolete and discredited sys
tem of theology.THB HOSTS OF THB LORD— By Flora An
nie Steel. The Macmiilan Cornr«ny. New Tort
Jl CO.
ON* TO PEKING— By Edward Stratemeyeri
Le» A Phepard. Boston. $t 25.
FAVORITE TEXTS OF FAMOUS* PEOPL.E—
By Frederick Barton. F. M. rarton. publisher,
Cleveland. O., and New Work.
BARNES' NATURAL. SLANT PENMAN
SHIP—Noa. 1. S. S. 4. 5. «. American Eoofc
Company. New York. Per dozen. 73 cents.
BARNES" NATURAL, SLANT PENMAN
SHIP— Nos. A. B. American Book Company.
New York. Per doaen, 40 cent*.
TALES OF THB EX-TAXKS-By Clar«nc«
I»uls Cullen. Grosset & I>unlar». Xew Tork.
jl 25/ " .
SISTER CARRIE — By Theodore Dreiser.
Doubleday. Pag* & Co.. J7ew York. JI 50.
TUB SPIRITUAL. SIONIFICANCE-Br Ti\
ian Whltlnj. Uttle, Brown & Co.. Boston.
Clcth. $1: decorated cloth, tl 23.
BOT9 BOOK OP EXPLORATTO>JS— By Tu
dor Jenk*. Doubleday. Pag* St Co.. New
York. »! .
UNCLE TERRY— By Charles Clark Muna.
I^re S^ Sh#i>ard. Bo«ton. St BO.
SONGS Oi* THE OLD SOUTH— By Howard
"W«edan. Doubletfay. Page & Co.. New York.
$1 B0.
PI*AI>T INSTRUCTIONS IX HYPNOTISM
AND MESMERISM.— By A. E. Carpenter. Lea
& ghepaxd. Boston. 75 cent*.
THE ATTAKESINO OK THB EAST— By
Pierre Leroy-Beaulleu. MeClur*. PbllltDj A
Co.. New York. Jl SO.
THE SOUL OF THE STREET-By Nonnaa
I>:ncan. McClure. Phillips &. Co.. New York.
Jl 25.
A. HISTORT OP BANKIN'O TX TffB
UNITED BTATES— By John Jay Knox. Brad
ford Rhodes & Co.. New York.
A CAPTIVE OP" ¦Sv-AIt-By Solon Hyde. Mc-
Clur». Phillips & Co.. New Tork. Ji.
THE DAT OF WRATH— By JTaurus Jokai.
McClure. Phillips & Co.. New York. $1 23.
Books Received.
"Dorothy Marlow" : Is a : yellow-backed
novel masquerading in a bright red cover.
Mr. Marchmont's - style.V however, is ' far
superior to the yellow-backed author, and
Dorothy Marlow.
In "Fireside Battles," Miss Annie G.
Brown has written a very acceptable
story for girls. It tells of an old fash
ioned home left bare and unprovided for
by the death of the father. The worldly
mother does nothing to help keep the
wolf from the door, but Is rather a stone
around the; neck of the heroine, whose
splendid efforts gradually conquer ill-will,
poverty and discouragement. The various
incidents bring out vividly the strong
points and weaknesses of each member
of the family. The story ia simply tola
and the interest kept alive throughout
The book is a very - attractive 8vo
edition de luxe. (Published by Laird &
Lee.' Chicago. Price Jl 25.) .
Fireside Battles.
. "You and Your Doctor" is an interest-
Ing work on, health and the care of it, by
Dr. \V. B. Doherty of the Kentucky Medi
cal Society. The author is an: enemy of
all. frauds and humbugs In and out of the
medical profession, and attacks those sys-*
terns which claim a universal cure by
some particular electric, psychic, osteo
loglc : or magnetic j>rocess. It is not a
book of recipes, but counsel on all mat
ters concerning the hygienic duties we owe
to'our own person and to those we love
children especially. . Food,* drink, sleep,
bathing, work and worry; hemorrhages,
and the first care in case of accidents, are I
a few of the subjects -treated. (Published
by Laird & Lee, Chicago. Price Jl.)
You and Your Doctor.
More Bunny Stories.
Over ten years aco the tirst "Bunny
Stories" t.ame out in St. Nicholas, and
many a rrader who lb now Indulging in
heavier literature wiil . remember th'em
with pleasure. John j^oward Jewetl
(Hannah Warner) now gives us "Mor '
Bunny Stories" ,ln an attractively bound
volume with forty illustrations by Cui
mer Barnes. '? The Bunnies are as full of
life' and good "spirits as ever, and their
gay antics cannot fail to dcllsht your.s
listeners. (Published by Frederick A.
Stokes Company, New York. Price 51 50.)
Doxey, the publisher, late of San Fran
chco, but now of New York, has recently
published in the Lark editions a capitally
illustrated volume cf JJdwin Markham'a
poem, "The Man With the Hoe." The
drawings, which have been done by Por
ter Garnett.. together v.ith the excellent
typographical work ¦ we are always sure
of in the publications of Mr. Doxey. tend
to make the present, little book a very
dainty addition ¦•lp'-{hc literature of the
day.". Un paper boards." 75 cents.)
The Man With the Hoe.
The sketches on theatrical folk by Amy
Leslie -which -were published .in the Chi
cago Daily News have been gathered to
gether In bootf form.. They are written in
a .very interesting vein, with just enough
anecdote to add life and color to the arti
cles. Her list of names includes leading
stars of the theatrical world, of opera and
uf vaudeville. The book comprises some
6SU pages and is very c6p!cusly illustrated
with excellent half-tone portraits.- (Pub
lished . by '"Herbert S. Stone & Coi, Chl-
Morgan Shepard ras not only published
mnny attractive Christmas novelties . out
written one that will make the little ones
stare in wonder and delight as ; they listen
to- the tale of "Mary Blue . and Brown
Mfc.n.". .It is a bedtime story, and when
«t was told to the "live" Mary she was so
delighted that Mr. Shepard decided to il
lustrate'It and ,put v it before the public,
that ether little folks - might . also enjoy
1:1b unique -tale and be ltjd to dreamland
by'Tsuch charming companions as Mary
Blue and Brown Man. (Published by Elder
& Shepard, San Francisco. Price 75 cents.)
Some Players.
Recoil "ctions cf a Missionary.
Rev. Cyrus Townsend Brady has given
us many stories of tlic sea and the bravo
men who have EHiled it. but none o! hi,s
volumes have Lcen of such surpassing in
tero«,t as the "Recollections of a'.MIssion
nry In the Far Wt-st." It is fairly br'ti
mlng over with humor, pathos and thril!
in? incidents. Mr. Brady, soon after hLs
ordination 113 deacon, was "appointed as
ti^tnnt minister to. the. dean in tbe Kpis
ctipal ca'hf flral of a Western city. After
come, preliminary work he told the Bishop
that he would resign his position and go
cut and be a missionary. And that vaf
the .beginning of a missionary life which
took the young deacon into live Westeii:
Slates and Territories and lasted many
y«ars. The narrative of. the privations he
endured, the souls he comforted, the good
he accprnplish'ed and the manly pride 1>j
felt In doing it all is told in a charming
way tfeat fascinates the reader. (Pub
lished by Charles Sc.ribntT's Sons, New
York. Price $1 25.) i
Mary Blua and Brown Man.
At .ill events, the reader, cannot fail of
the same keen enjoyment wltjch has been*
afforded. by each of the previous perform
ances of "\tut Maclaren." (Published by
Dcubleday, Page & Co., New York. Price
$125.)
: Such diverting chapters as "The Candy
oull System in the Church,"- "The Muti
neer }n the Church," "Should Old Clergy
man Ke Shot?" etc.. suggest the presence
of too much organized rule rather than
helpful elasticity in creeds and religious
observances. . Perhaps the process of es
tablishing "The Kingdom" is going on as
efficiently outside as inside the churches.
In ."Church Folks" Dr. John Watson
("Ian.Maclaren") presents vivid pen pic
tures of characters and characteristics
among church people which will be ap
preciated by sail readers and shrewd ob
servers. This ;naost entertaining and In
structive analysis -qf religious society —
clergy and laity — leads, however, to the
query whether the church, as It is main
tained and conducted. Is not erroneously
considered as an end. in and of Itself, In
stead of an instrumentality for the infu
sion, of an emancipated spirituality in the
Christian world.
Church Folks.
iliss Hyde is a niece of Mrs. David.Bix
ler of this city, and. with her two tal
ented sisters, Is very popular in San Fran
cisco; where her mother was -well known
in literary and educational circles. <R.
II., Russell, publisher, New Pork. Price
$150.) ¦. '. :
Look like kittens now and then!
Iiv delightful, as indeed are those of the
entire collection.
AndboyB Jike dear little men.
But j Chinese; boys with their fur-tipped ears
some' interesting data which the artistic
world will' enjoy later on.
Her illustration of the verse
Oh kittens were made to look like muffs. ..
The illustrated edition of ' "David
Harum"-is.said to begin its career. with a
¦popular welcome which indicates that a
very large percentage, of the readers of
the half million or. so copies already sold
propose to add the handsome ¦ illustrated
edition to their libraries. "The Christmas
Story," as the Widow Cullora episode in
Stephen Crane was "discovered" by
English readers, and it looks as if a new
American writer In Crane's own field is
to win noteworthy recognition from the
same source. - The publishers say that a
large edition of "Who Ooes There?" has
been taken up by English readers. /This
is the story of a spy in the civil war. and
a love story, too; but its interest turns
on the spy's loss of memory— amnesia—
¦while In the enemy's camp. The first
American edition was exhausted the day
after its. publication by the ' Macmiilan
Company.
'Among the many notable articles In the
holiday number of Impressions, published
by Elder & Shepard of San Francisco, are
the following: "The Opportunity of the
College President," by David Starr Jordan;
"The Christmas Story," by Margaret Col
lier Graham; "Lucretius on Life and
Death." by Ernest Carroll Moore: "A
Strenuous LKe." by Thomas R. Bacon.
Besides these numerous book reviews are
given and some excellent matter under
the headings of "The Old Book Room."
"The Art Room" and "The Children's
Room."
literary Notes.
Raphael Tuck & Sons Co. of New York
are out with their usual list of artistic
Christmas publications. Their calendars
are excellent examples of high-class litho
graphy and meritorious ilts.'gn. Some cf
the larger ones done in bright and attrac
tive colors are: "The Glory of the New
Year," with selections from Shakespeare:
"The Grecian Graces," "A Longfellow
Calendar for 1901." "Days of Delight"— a
neat gift for children— "Guardian Angels"
ar»d "Alma Mater,*' illustrated -with color
ed prints of swell college girls of differ
ent Eastern institutions. They are also
printing thi3 year a number of tasteful
little booklets from different authors and
also a great variety of Christmas cards.
Especially suitable for children are their
two books— one a well illustrated reprint
of Grim's "Fairy Tales." and the other
Tuck's Annual," with stories and
poems by well-known authors.
Christmas Gifts.
F. Opper, with his funny verses and
droll pictures, has probably done as much
as any man In the world of comics to
Ifgbten the heart and start the merry
laugh. Just tq^know that a book is by
Opper is to be assured that jollity awaits
the turning of its leaves. His latest is
"The Funny Folks of Funnyville," with
pictures and verses both by himself. It
is hard to tell whether the verses are bet
ter'than the pictures or vice versa— both
are up to his usual standard and that ia
sufficient indorsement. The arrangement,
printing and binding are done in the ex
cellent style one ia always «ure of In the
publications of R. H. Russell, New York.
Folks of Funnyville.
Two books for which there should be a
great holiday demand are "Ellen Terry,"
by Clement Scott, and "John Drew." by
Edward A. Dithmar. Both of the authors
have succeeded in weaving together inci
dents in the lives of these great theatrical
stars and presenting their charming per
sonalities In a most attractive way. They
take up their different appearances from
the beginning of their careers and, fol
lowing out their lives on these lines, give
an interesting and consistent account.
Both volnmes are illustrated by half-tone
portraits in great number of Miss Terry
and Mr. Drew in the many and varied
roles in which they have played. The
volume on Ellen Terry is beautifully
bi»iir.d in white and gold,' that on John
Drew in red and gold, and both are typo
graphically perfect. (Published by Fred
erick A. Btokea Company, New Tork.
Price $1 25 each.)
Heroes of Our Revolution.
"Heroes of Our Revolution." by T. "W.
Hall, is a clearly written account of the
American revolution and just the book
to put in the handa of a boy. Mr. Hall
has written in a popular vein and with
the youth of the country in his mind. He
does not dive into his subject too deeply
for the juvenile mind, but makes his de
scriptions of the battles vivid enough to
Impress facts without the apparent labor
of study. Ilia work is comprehensive, for
he takes up the causes of the revolution
nnd gives good descriptions of tiie battles
from BunKer Hill to the surrender of
Cornwallis. (Published by Frederick A.
Stokes Company. New York. Price $1 25.)
Ellen Terry and John Drew.
(Published by John Lane, New York.
75 cent?.)
Here is a fine book for the children.
"Proverbs Improved", in twenty-four col
.ored pictures by Grace iJay and with
verses written around them by Frederick
Chapman. Possibly the grown-ups will
find them a bit interesting, too. for tho
pictures are quaint and the rhymes
catchy. Here is a sample of Mr. Chap
man's Interpretation of tho good old say
ing "All is not gold that glitters":
Greedy Sam to the pantry creeps.
Round about on the shelves he peeps.
Cllmts the steps and selects a Jar,
, And swallows a spoonful of Norway tar.
Moral impressed on greedy Sam —
All Is not wholesome that looks like Jam.
Proverbs Improved.
"Fore!" is the handsomest book that
han yet appeared concerning golf. It
treats the popular game pictorially and
mostly from the humorous and satirical
side. . Its cover bears a specially drawn
and striking drawing of the America.!
golf girl by Charles Dana Gibson. The
artistic drawings in-line and wash con
tained'in the book are carefully printe-1
on very heavy paper and/are by such mas
ter-hands as Gibson, Hanna. Gilbert,
Hutt, Blashfield. Wenzell and Walker.
Every golf player will be interested to
look through its pages, and it should lie
on the center-table of every golf and out
of-door club. (Published by the Life Pub
lishing Company. New York.)
For Golfers and Others.
he is to be congratulated upon his won
derful Imagination. The story would make
an Ideal blood-and-thunder play. There ia
the dark villain; ti.e much persecuted
heroine, who lives . under an assumed
name because of her questionable family;
the trusting lover, whose faith in the
heroine is never shaken, although all ap
pearances are against her: the clinging
rich woman, who is- in love with the vil
lain, and the outcast sister, who steps in
at the right time and saves the day. (Pub
lished by Rand, McNally & Co.. New
York.)
One of the most interesting events de
rcribed in the story Is the raid of the Jay-
HawKers upon Overton's farm, the pa
thotle apper.I of the negroes to them for
liberation ard the subsequent flight, of all
toward tho free soil of Kansas. .
The skirmish betweerf the slaveholders,
who were in hot pursuit; the suffering,
disappointment and futility cf it all,' rm^e
/ * ¦ ' ¦ •
It is to the influence of John Brown, of
itinerant soul fame, that majiy ( of the rash
acts of these troublesome times owe their
inspiration.
The shooting of Overton, a Missouri
slave-holder, by Charles Heaton, an en
thusiastic, well-meaning abolitionist, is
the pivot upon which the story turns, for
Heaton becomes -the accepted lover of
Nancy Overton before she knows he is
her father's slayer.
unprincipled bands of men from- Kansas,
who managed to upset things generally in
Missouri in their attempts to carry to Kan
pas and to freedom the negroes that they
liberated by. force. The writer seems just
and fair, and tries to give each side its
due, attributing to all sincerity of motive.
The plot of the story ia in no way re
markable, but a few well-drawn charac
ters do excite the reader's interest
throughout, and show plainly the wrlt
cr'8 familiarity with the negro character.
No one has been more successful than
Robert H. Russell of New York In his
Christmas .publications. Each book that
comes is a delight. Frank Baum's latest
fairy- book, "A New "Wonderland," will
fascinate the child who loves to hear of
these wonderful tales too wonderful to
be true.
Hans Christian Andersen's tales and
those of Grimm wjll live for all time; and
now Mr. Raum has taken his place among
them and he will win the heart of each
child who follows him through "The Vai
ley of Phunnyland," and investigates tho
marvelous % country that Mr. Baum's
imaginative powers enable him to write
of.
No one ever dies in Phunn; land, and
the people are always young and beauti
ful. The sun shines all the time. End Its
rays are perfumed. There are no p.">or
people ir. this beautiful valley and every
vhing one needs grows on the trees.
¦It rains, but only lemonade, and the
A New "Wonderland.
portraits in the book, the frontispiece be
ing an attractive likeness of Pius IX. but.
strange to-£ay, the subject of the sketch
does not appear In this group of pictures.
(Published by Charles Scrlbner's : Sdns,
New York. Price $1 50.)
Doxey's Itubaiyat.
At -last we have the long-expected
"Doxey's Rubaiyat"— the immortal "Ru
baiyat" of Omar Khayyam, the astrono- ;
mer-poet of Persia— published :U The
Sign of the Lark, in New York. The book
will be no disappointment to those who
have been looking forward to its arrival,
for it is in every way artistically perfect.
The drawings for the j poem have been
done In powerful line work by Miss Flor r
ence Lundborg, a talented California art
ist, who has eperit three years on the sub
ject. No one could have done better. Her
work is' excellent, comprehensive and. vig
orous.' Miss* Lundborg has studied for
years abroad in the "VVhistler Art 'Acad
emy, at Paris, and also In other European
art centers. The book contains an ¦intro
duction on .the life and work of Edward
FltzGerald, by M. Kenny; Omar Khay
yam, by Justin McCarthy; a Glose Upon
a Ruba'iy. by Porter Garnett: Rubaiyat
of Omar Khayyam, rendered into Kngliah
verse, by Edward FitzGerald; notes; and
the Life of Omar Khayyam.
The volume is most artistically bound
and boxed. The pages are printed on one
side only, so the type impressions and
drawings are given full benefit. •.
The Jay-Hawker.
"The Jay-Hawker" is the title of Adek.
E.Orpen's story of free soil 1 and. border
ruffian days. The scene is laid in Missouri
and Kansas, where the new friends of
freedom and the old conservative slave
owners met in hot contest before the act
ual outbreak of the late Civil AVar. The
Jay-Hawkera were misguided though not
many critics, is considered the superior of "Daz'id Haruiii."
That his npvel has certainly attained a. great popularity is shown
bv the fact that 'fEbcii H olden" cane off the press last week in
its one hundred ami \- twenty-fifth thousand. Our readers who
have learned to love ihc character of ' Uncle Eb will. appr.ccUitc
this excellent photograph of Mr. Bachcllcr which is here rcprqi
duced by the courtesy of his publishers, Lcthrop Pi'ibHshing Com-
IRVING BACHELLER
• «
¦ TRV1XG B AC HELLER occupies the enviable position af
[ being the autlior of a book, "Eben 11 olden,'', -which, by
llshtninp in the sky resembles the most
beautiful lireworks; and the thunder is
usually a chorus from th« opera of "Tann
hauser." Frank VerBeck has illustrated
the book, and although his resources have
been taxed to the utmost, he has suc
ceeded admirably. The:result is a holi
day book in a most sumptuous form.
(Price $150.)
n striding picture. Nancy Overton's cook
and the only mother she ever knew is a
most pleasing character. Her piety and
intimate, acquaintance \vith;.the Lord's
plans' are amusing— ju^t as "amusing a*i
her intense longing for freedom Is p.-Uhv.tlc!
In this really- noblej loyal servant, whose
devotion to' her "honey-chile" is unques
tioned, we see 'how galllnrc were the
chains of slavery. It was thtj contemyla-
tion of the chains that hurt, not .. the
chains themselves, for when'her fetters
at last were loosened she refused, to go.
She clung to the young girl that. she'truly
loved— her "summa rose," her dearest pos
session on earth.
In contrast to the -pleasing character of
Aunt Mohin was the rebellious, savage
Caesar. He Is a horrid object to dwell
upon,;but the intensity of his , ferocious
nature leaves a lasting impression, a
mingling of disgust and pity, i ¦
The book cannot lay claim to any great
literary merit, but as a picture of the life
anJ a record of the. sentiments that exist
ed en the. border States on the, beginning
of that desperate conflict between North
and South, it surely has, its value. (Pub
lished by'D: Appleton & Co., New York.
Moon Babies.
"Moon Babies" is \ charming. There is
not a line .that is not musical and each
page . holds one with its • delightful verse
and pretty sketches.
G. Orr Clark has been fortunate in se
curing Miss Helen Hyde to illustrate his
rhymes, for she has caught exactly his
original ideas an(V the result Is a delight
ful book, interesting to us from its local
charm and as equally interesting, to Kast
erners, who are always eager to 'have
anything from our bit of Oriental lire. '
Miss Hyde is constantly: winning piaise
from her many friends here, who note
with pleasure „ her , reaching out after
something new. Evidences of her ability
are constantly coming to them from some
r.cw quarter. She is now studying in
Japan, and will doubtless gather there
mBS. FLORA XNXIE STEEL,
whose novel of the Indian
mutiny. "On th« Face of the
Waters." made such a marked
success, has written a novel of Indian
Ufa of the present day called "The Hosts
of the Lord." While inferior In some re
spects to the tale of the Sepoy rebellion
Mrs. Steel's latest book is Ftill very en
t<=rtajr.!r.jf. Although no event of the last
fifty years has rivaled the mutiny in
ivealth of thrHlir.s; incident and in w
turesTje contrast of the character of its
sad drama no story which deals with the
rule of the British in India can fall to be
cf interest if written with tiie rare ir
e:pht into the lr.Suer.c3s which go to make
the difference between Orient and Occi
dent which Mrs. Steel displays.
"The Hosts of the Lord" takes its title
from a band of pilgrims which travels
to Eshwara, a. town near the Himalayas.
In which there take place supposed mira
cles. In Eshwara there Is an old. disused
car.ncn which a saintly ascetic has made
his abode and which the pilgrims worship
vrhen they go to give alms to the taint.
There is also there tho bed of a dry well
in which at- certain reasons water ri*_'«
apparently miraculously. Near the town
Is situated a prison containing fifteen hun
dred ir.mat*>« and garrisoned for the mos\
part by natives. The iinglish commander
at Erhwara. decides to bar.ish from the
Srun The ascetic, who declares that al
though thp pun is* to De guarded he will
peparute his soul from bis body and scad
it to dwell in the gun. A clever ru ! «
usr-d to delude the natives Into believing
that the miracle has been :vrformed is
detected by the English officers, who ex
pose the fraud in tho presence of the wor
shiping pilprims. In rev*ge tho native
priests form a plot to arouse the pilgrims
spainxt the English, to release from the
jail the malefactors there and by these
E'ans to f-tart a small stream of rebel
lion that may lead possibly to a flood of
disaffection that will overwhelm the coun
try as in the great mutiny.
At first sui-cess crowns the efforts if
the natives. The prfrsts wno control the
water supply o{ the veil) where is to'lje
performed the miracle, keep the crowd of
devotees waiting in vain for the miracle
enffl their patience is exhausted and they
ar>> ready to listen u> the suggestion of
Thrir priests to kill the h:tfed foreign mjui
tf-rs and to appease with their blood the
¦wrath of the gods which is shown by the
withholding of the miracle. As the people
cry out for the shedding of atoning blood
there ari»ears !>cfore them a Catholic
prii-st carrying from tltc altarof his chapel
tbe pyx. vhirh he holds aloft as the sac
rifice which has been oemanded. One by
one the pilgrims flock <o him and foi'ow
aj? he leads them on a search for peace
cunoog the distant mountains, where there
is a holy cave called by the natives "the
cracle of the frods.'^thsis leaving the city
free- from the-ir dangerous presence.
The revolt at the prison begins without
hindrance. Keys are stolen that there
may be insured the escape of the prison
ers whose allies on the outside hope to
cut off from possible a;<i the few EnglisS*-
Tnen trapped in the j.ill. There are only
five In the little band of English peo
ple — three men and the wife and chiM
cf one of them — but the heroic efforts of
the men prevent a rush of the prisoner.?
until help arrives -jnd the revolt is
cruf-hed in its beginning. One of the
many dramatic nassager in the book ts
That describing the efforts of two of the
Englishmen to keep ihc prisoners from
paining possession of a. door that woul<t
prove an entrance to tae whole buildinc
Th<- little party of defenders has barri
caded Hsolf as best it could and is fight
ing with the courage of desperation while
the crowd of prisoners presses nearer.
called Eugene. 'What is It, Dillon? You tan
tfo better."
The doctor ceased firing for a second and ran
fi-rther down the ; aia: et.
'The k«?jE! the keys!" he ebouted hack.
"Th'-y are trying to pass in the keys! Shoot
the devils— those In th* corner! Don't let 'em
— or thf caol i«»grone!"'
So. for the next minute, it was deadly work
Ouwn in that corner by the crevice through
rvfcirh WQM unseen hand was thrurtlng sume
tUir.s. Thr-*<? tim^E a man. clutching at the
rriz'. fell Jn a. htap ere he touched it. Then
m. fourth pitched furwarri apainft the doors
with the kevi" i:t his hand, and a fifth, grojiln?
for them, relied over on hir side with them
h:<I<5on under bis dea* body. And from outtlde
tht- pate o«me rr"n<lfnjjF. and crashlnps. »tnd
yo!ir; from al»ov<» that call, "Shoot straight, or
t&C ptoTa front'.*
JJurirl c>-r>nt rut frorr. Fhelter. posj=e<r-ed rnce
mere by that frantic defire to see to the very
• r.<i, anrt tijod looking down on tho*e two on
tha stair?. Sh* gave a faint cry when Vincent
rur.s hi* rife away and ran down to that ten
fect drop for revolver practice. At the sound
her hUFbai-.d gave one <juick look up. and fol
lowed rult. •# '
TV-it their own ru'-^ess was aKaln/t them. Th»
ETCVtes pile of the wounded fjifmed * barrf
<~a<le. ti^i-Ar.<i which a man. wjulrmlny with
frvet^UK h.TTvls smrinjj the fi'-il and dying.
lour.d what lie sought. ¦".'¦'
"Iif's pot them'. Stop hitnV Stop him!"
Thcrr was a fusillade, the man dropped; but
th" k»y« were !n another's hand — another — in
«~tber—passing outward from the crush — yut
v.erd tcwerd that low door at the end of the
narrow alley.
Without a word Vincent, revolver in hand.
let himself dfcp on the hea4s below.
"Oh. don't ! Vincent, don'tj" came in a
wrnan's voic?: tr.4 at the sound another man
gam that swift look up once more and fol-
I-.»<sl tuit.
•"Lsi ihc-m be:" *a!<1 Dr. Dillon, sharply.
"I>et them <Jo what th«y can; it is about the
cuiy chsnre." And still, as he spoke, he kept
frir.c!iTis out A foe an<? firing.
The chanre. even with hf« help, was a poor
one In that crowd, whore there wa« always
o».o!hir <Jar!; hand to snatch at th« pr'.i* and
liars it nearer to the door— that door which
vaf tho W?y lo fo niu^h!
Yet, the crush throuch which they fought
Icfrsenlnp, *.hosp two Kngllshmrn found them
m'.vcs with tlie straight alley before them for
a rac*. A race against three men. without
arm*, but without iron*. ar<l with a fair start.
V.'hile close behind them wa» the cruih-the
crowd!
It wjf noth'.nx but a race now. elnee the
rtk'olver* had done their worst, had flred their
Ism Kliut ; a race with the hope— if Vincent
could come up with thone three— of using a
Goc-rkha kukri, which lie had thrust intu the
yellow sarh be wore Instead of a waistcoat
bepeath hit red Jacket— thrust !t there with
Hi; ugly fruwn as a last argument for his foen,
wh«.n be had teen It lying among the mUcel
laneoog weapon* Dr. Dillon had forag-ed from
the Smiths' houce. It had a dainty ivory han
<Jlt-Vincent had given it to Mrs. Smith him
e<1!, and iti last use had been to cut the pages
*,f a fashion j>aper
It had a rterner Job now.
IJul Vincent was behind; a yard or two— no
more. He had fired one more thot' before be
ginning the »ace. i and, Eugene's legs were
lonpcr. Vet the yard meant ail things, and he
l.ww It; eo aa he ran his hand sought the
ltnire.
"Look out. Emltli! lock out!" he called. "I'll
<huck you my kukri; get on and Job them. I'll
keep the others back— a bit."
As he ej»oke a Klltterlng carve eped from bis
Land to the other man's feet.
'J lie:, he pulled up and faced the crowd bo
l..:.u witli Lis clubbed revolver.
To the student of politics this history is
a valuable one, and is really a masterful
effort of St. Amand. but the casual reader
will most'ltkely find It not so entertaining
as some other biographies of Napoleon
III. The translation is ably done by Eliz
abeth St. Gilbert-Martin. There are four
"Devoted to free trade Ideas, he thought '
that by the commercial treaty < he. had
sown seeds from which "immeflse and
beneficent harvests would be reaped. For
humanity he dreamed of tlwi'cess'ation-of r
the age of Iron and the coming of the a.gey
of gold. As everything had succeeded with
him from the beginning of his^ reign, he
believed that his eagles soared *a"bove the
lightning. Happy husband, happy father,
happy sovereign, he peacefully enjoyed a
situation so widely different from the
painful trials of his childhood and youth.
He looked forward to the future with con
fidence, and believed more than ever in
his star." Here St. Amand leaves him be- '
fore the star in which Napoleon had so
much hope finally went down behind that
dark horiron. - " ,
France under him undoubtedly occupied
a leading position in the world, the eyes of
all Europe were turned upon her and her
power* was felt in Italy, Syria and far-off
China. . . /
The "Hiftory of the Third Napoleon," by
Imbcrt dc St. Amand, opens at the com
mencement of the year 1SW. when he had
reached the zenith of his glorj'. It deals
alone wiih the political life and acts of the
sovereign. St. Amand touches lightly
upon his personal history. By observing
closely, however, his career in politics one,
finds him throughout possessed with sym
pathy for the laboring and suffering
elapses— a philanthropist always and a' hu
manitarian. As a statesman his ability
was rnuch more than the average. St.
Amand says: "The speeches from the
throne were always an event. Napoleon
III writing them himself nnd correcting
the proofs with tho utmost care. Pleasing
his self-love as a sovereign and a writer,
in their composition, he delivered them
afterward in a sonorous voice. As formal
manifestations of the imperial mind, they
were in striking contrast with the com
monplaces of other sovereigns on simSlar
occasions. They nearly always expressed
Kreat ideas in an imposing and really
masterly style." v- :.
History cf th.2 Third Napoleon.
The other characters are entertaining
enough to play well their parts in the ro
mance, but after all Mrs. Steel is at her
Ues-t cs a story-teller, rather than as a
delineator cf character. (Published by
theMacmillan Company, New York. Price
?i&j.) .,>.:¦
Besides the Catholic priest. Father
Hruce, who has lived in India long enough
to '.earn that he must endeavor to under
stand lints of thought which he cannot
hor-c to change, the other interesting
character o{ the novel is a young Indian
oflicer, educated at a initslon school nnd
trained in the army, who thinks himself
thoroughly loyal to the British interests
and who acknowledges that the Knglish
are better rulers for India than natives
could he. When he has cause to hate lh?
Knclish for seme fancied wrong, lo! his
Western culture disappears and he is the
Lereditary enemy of the foreigners with
all the dominant passions of his race
aroused against them. When reading of
such a man. one with the training of the
European, but •with the nature and preju
dices of the Asiatic, one wonders if
things so dissimilar can ever blend in a
real harmony.
Thf love story, or rather tho two love
s-tories of the book, become of s-?c^n4.ir/
importance as one foil? und**'- the spell of
Hit. Steel a« ?lie writes behind and bc
ynrxl the separate little dramas enacted
by her character?, of tho larger dra-na of
the world; of the unending struggle of
man to tlnd again the Lost Paradise—
a strupple typified by the hosts of the
Lord and their effort to regain tho peace
of soul lost to man. The picture of mom
In his Hoiked Individuality, with his poor
little loves and hates, swept along by the
hand of an unlimited Fate, seems to
exert a dea.u'eninjj influence upon all who
fall under the spell of the mysticism of
the East! Perhaps this may explain why
Mrs. Steel draws her characters as if she
had always in mir.d the futility of human
effort and Its insignificance when viewed
against the greater workings of Destiny.'
However that may be. there are few who
write about India as do»s* Mrs. Steel — with
the power of the Anplo-Saxon* and yet
with a sympathy for the point of view of
the Orientalist, v.hich at times amounts
almost to a fellow-feeling-. Others thero
are who recogmize the irreconcilable an
tagonism between the materialism of the
one and the mysticism of the other, and
who make a patronizing: allowance f r .T
it. but between recognition of certain
traits H^human nature and sympathetic
appreciation of them there is a vast dif
ference.
The plot hap been sketched in bares f
outline. Filling this in. in detail, are
situations of the stronjrept dramatic 'In
terest. Mrs. Steel's Imagination Is too
vivid, if anything. Tho trader Is hur
ried filonsr with such rapidity- from one
tJirilline episode to another that his emo
tion? are kept at a tension almost too
hieh.
And g great hush came. The sound of blows,
of iron clashing on Iron and falling with a
dull thud on something softer, siremed to 111
the world and leave room for nothins Hse.
The door was not four yards from him. but
the crowd was not one. There v.-as no time.
"Shut It." he called. 1 "I'm all rlsht."
Eugene Smith stood uncertain, the door
ajar. .'
The keys! Ah', what could he do with the
keys If he went back to hrlp?— and If not-; —
"Oh! !>leaee shut It. Smith', there's a good
frllcw; please."
The foiir yurd^ were two now; were one.
Thf-n slowly the door closed, and Vincent had
his tack asair.st It.
Vincent Derlng rave one sharp look around.
The lane was very narrow. Three men could
barely brea*t It rhoulder to shoulder. Surely
one could bar it by swift blows and slow iv
treat! For a time, at any rate— time for the
opening and shutting of a door! He could but
try.
So. retreating, »tep by step. Vincent Derins
kept the crowd back, lured the crowd on, safe—
*o far! For these, the first, the swiftest, were
naturally the unlroned. therefore the unarcn«l.
Hut there were others forcing their way to the
front who would be harder to deal with. I
Vincent threw his head back and wondered
bow Eugene was faring; for he dared not turn
his face from his task even for a 'second.
Had those three been caught up? Had the
kukri helped?
It had. And one of those three had fallen be- v
fore a Rash, as of light.
And another!
But the third bad the key in the door; had
turned it. when Eugene struck him from be
hind. With a wild yell he flung his full weight
on the door; it burst open, and the two fell
headlong into the tower beyond.
But only for a second. Eugene Smith' was up
again, had the key out. and in on the further
side.
"All right:" he shouted; "make a rush for.
It! I'm ready!"
R. H. Russell Is publishing a unique col
lection of comic opera lyrics by Harry
B. Smith. Mr. Smith has produced art
amazing number of successful musical
comedies and comic cperas In the last fen
years, including "Robin Hood." "Th'i
Serenade/' "Tbe Highwayman." "Th»
Wizard of the Nile." "Rob Roy," "Tha
Fencing Master," "The Little Corporal,"
"Half a King." "The Idol's Eye." "Tho
Casino Girl." "The Rounders." "The Man
darin," "The Cadet Girl." "Papa's Wife."
"Foxy Qulller," etc., the music for which
has been composed by Reginald de Koven.
Victor Herbert. Ludwig Englander and
others. From all of these he- has culled
the songs that have proved the most pop
ular and put them together Into a volume
to be called "Stage Lyrics." Every pag»
will be Illustrated with drawings by
Archie Gunn, Ray Brown and E. W. Kena
ble, also with character portraits of tha
popular players who have appeared in Mr.
Smith's operas and musical comedies. It
is to be sold for $1 £0.
Mrs. Stephen Crane has received a letter
from P.udyard Kipling stating that he. has
read "Wounds In the Bain" "with ad
miration." This work of Stephen Cran«
has been more favorably received than
anything written by him since "The Red
Badge of Courage." with which It has
been favorably compared by many re
viewers. Its sales have required four edi
tions' to be put on the press in the short
time since its publication. Mrs. Cran©
v rites to the American publishers, Fred
erick A. "Stokes Company. New York, of
her late husband's works that "The.
O'Ruddy" Is to be dramatized by David
Eelasco.
A new Journal la being: published in Lon
don by Messrs. George Newnes, under ths k
title of "The Traveller." According to tfci,^
lines proposed In a general prospectus of
the work contemplated this periodical
should prove a great boon to the travel
ing public. "The Traveler" has Its own
Fpecial correspondents In all the- great
travel and tourist centers of the world,:
an/I not only are the affairs of the more
important districts chronicled, but new
ground Is being constantly opened up
and special attention in each case paid to
prices. fare«? and expenses of every de
scription. In addition hints are given as
to what to wear abroad and also matters
presented of especial interest to health
seekers. All the tours of railway ami
shipping companies are also kept po3led.
The new edition of the "Rubalyat of
Omar Khayyam" (Little. Brown & Co.). in
addition to the renderings of FltzGerald.
•\Vhinfleld and McCarthy, contains Andrew
Lans's poem. "To Omar Khayyam." Tho
following: is one of. the eishteen quatrains:
You were a. Saint of unbellevlns Days.
Liking- your Life and hapry In Men'* Pralsa;
Enough for you tha Shade beneath the Bough.
Enough to watch the wild World go it* Ways.
"Without doubt the highest compllmex'-^~
that has been paid an American historian
13 the translation into French of Henry
C. Lea's "History of th» Inquisition." by
M. Solomon Relnach. member of the In
stitute, and one of the moat widely known
and eminent of contemporary French
scholars. Mr. Lea's work was published
in this country by the Harpers, and has
received general recognition as the- best
study of the period. The biographical In
troduction to the French edition is con
tributed by Professor Paul Frederica oz
Ghent, probably the greatest living au
thority on the subject in Europe,
"David Harum" has been aptly called. Is
to be published by itself in a novel form
by D. Appleton & Co.. Illustrated with
dtrlklng pictures of William IL Crane in
the character of David Haruni and staga
photographs.
THE SUNDAY CAIiIi.
ELEilESTART PHYSIOLOOT-Bv WlnSeld
S. Hall. Ph. !>., M. D. American Book Com
pany. New York. 75 cents.
MADAME THERESE — T.y Erekmann-Cha
trlan. Edited for school us* toy CL Fon?a!n«.
B. L... L. I>. American Book Company. New
York. 50 cents.
•ran biography op a baby-by miii
cent W. Shlnn. Houston. Mlfflln & Co.. Xew
Ellen Thorney<wft
Fowler D. Appleton ft Ca. New Tork. n M.
TOX QUIXOTE OF THE MAXCHA-JUoM
by Judge P«rry «nd Illustrated by Walter
-,„ ir.tea & Co.. Boston. 50 cents.
rHATTERnoX-Efllted by Jmnktam Clarke.
MB Dana. E*tr* & Co.. Fo-ton. tl =3.
THE FILIBUSTERS-!* CutcIU> nyne.
Frederick A. Stokes Company. X»* York. J! jO.
REEll^AXD SPINDLES-Hy Evelyn Ray
1^ W A Wilde Company. Boston. Ji zO.
"wiTH PBEBLE AT TRIPOLI-By James
nti« W A. Wilde Company. Boston, ft 50.
THE PATHFINDERS OF THE REVOLU
TTON-By -William Elliot Griffls, D.D. W. A.
Wilde Company. Boston. $1 ZD.
A GODSON OF LAFATETTE-By EMrMge
S Brooks. W. A. Wlldo Company. Boston.
TREASURY CLUB— By William Drya
dale "W. A. Wilde Company. Boston. Jl 30.
A DAUGHTER OF FREEDOM-Ey Amy E.
Blanchard. W. A. "WIMe Company. Bostoa^
SI 50.
THE PRAIRIE SCHOONER-By William E.
Barton. W. A. Wilde Company. Boston, tl S3.
THE SPHINX AND OTHER POEilS— By
William Henry Hudson. Elder & Shepard.
San Francisco,
¦
4
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARYTHE SUNDAY CALL.
5
"l ( -¦» »'ERTBODY has seen dolls th.it
p^ 3 looked real enough to be children.
I j JCow we have seen children v;ho
looked real enough to bo dolls.
They ere the children of St. Mark's
Church, In Berkeley, and they have been
"every child his own rag doll." If. you
had seen them propped up against th"
wall with their lc£s as stiff as ramrods
and their arms bowed out like the arm*
of the tongs-rack, you never would haT»
dreamed that they were stuffed with
boys and girls instead of with sawdust.
The idea of a live rag-doll show popped
Into the head of Mrs. O. G. Wright only
two weeks before its execution. Presto!
She had gathered more than fifty children
together before you could say Jack Rob
inson, and for the two weeks following
she spent the most cf her time In teach
ing them to be stuffed rag dolls Instead of
treal flesh and blood boys and girls. JCo-,
"body could have invented anything harder'
to do. There Isn't a boy or sirl In all
Berkeley that doesn/t like better to
squirm like an eel than to bo still. But
they learned in time,' and they found out
flow it feels to be the doll. *. .'
There were dolls of all kinds— enough t)
fill all the Christmas trees in town. It's a
lucky thing for them that Santa Claus
didn't happen along -while their 'doll
ehow was in progress. It was too early
In the season for him— just before
Thanksciving. Except for that there
isn't the shadow of a doubt that h<» would
have picked up Ramnna McChar.e or
Jewr-li Allen or Olive Wright or some
other human dolls and carried them off
in his reindeer sleigh. Then think of the
horrid sooty trip tney would have had
down somobody"s chimney, and how they
would have been smothered in some
body's stocking cr left dangling by the
neck on somebody's tree: No fun, you
may be assured. •
Such neatly dressed dolls as they were!
There were Japs in flowing kimonos, with
their sash bows pinned up as high as
their shoulders and their hair stuck full
of fans. Elaine and Ramona McChane
were more fortunate than the rest in
having real Japanese gowns. The way
they came to have them Is that they ustfd
to live in Japan themselves. They lived
and dresyed in American fashion, to b«
sure, but they brought homo many rou
venlrs, and amen; them -were some em
broiilcred Japanese costumes. They an:
heavily quilted, that 'they may hang
more gracefully. )
The pickaninnies were a Jolly lot of
dolls. They sanR coon songs. That io
doing a good deal for dolls, isn't It? Most
of us think we are lucky to have one that
can say "Mamma" or "Papa." or even
cry; but think of a doll that can sins
"Punkin' fcolored Coons" and "Just Be
cause You Made Them Goo-Goo Eyes!"
If some wide awake boys and girls had
not been 'inside them they never couM
have done it. j
The Quaker dolls were the most demure 1
oi the lot. They were dressed in simple
little gray gowns, with plain handker-*
chiefs folded about their, necks and big
bonnets almost hiding their rosy clotli
faces. They looked like the Quaker-doll
pincushions that used to be fashionable.
What- would they have said If somebody
had mistaken them and stuck in plna?
The- Dutchmen were the chubbiest lot of
dolls. They had b!g wooden shoes that
kept turning to look at each other, an.i
their green coat-tails were long: and
Happy. They looked as if they had just
thumped in from the
Thfrewere daisy dolls dressed in green
and {lowering out In white- petals about
their faces. There were Brownies, too —
lrnp!5b>looklrte ftllows, -with round,
naughty eyes and impudent beckoning
peaks nodding upon their caps.
Sor&e' dancing dolls were on exhibition,
besides. Not raj? dolls, -these: French dolls
they -were,, ofrbiscjue instead of cloth.
"Lorine and Jewell Allen were these dol's.
and they danced the minuet as it was
danced in the dignified old days. Just to
shov.' that they were really up to date
dolls in spite of knowing the minuet, they
wound up with a fin dp s!ccle Cakewalk. -
It is a simple matter to make human
rag dolls if you know the trick. It is
wonderful how a painted cloth face take?
away the human look from the rosiest
boy or girl that ever- romped. Cloth mit
tens h.'Oe the fingers, and there you are.
But after thp costume is on, it's harder
than you would thinK to play you arc
stuffed.
Berkeley's Life Rag Doll Show"Car say.", Dankes replied. "Kind of
sarcastic, 'cept that he means ter go
along with us, which you can't do, Jim."
Jim rose calmly to his feet and stood
at attention. •
"Ain't willing to be left out of the
game," said Dankes. smiling and pointing
to the dog, who glanced up at him for a
moment, but" only to continue his vagaries
all the more vigorously.;
"Making his toilet, too, by Jove," said
Ned. "Having'fun with us, oh?"
Jim was discovered washing up as if he
were a cat, rubbing his snout and ears
with his paws, and rolling himself over
and over upon a piece of sacking near the
bench. ' <
'"Thank you, Dankes; you have a dis
criminating eye," said Ned. "I feel quite
rakish; Where's Jim?".
• "Guess you're in high sperrits,'? said
Dankes; "and you look kinder festive, too
—something between a dood and a Euro
pean swell."
"Think I favor<Ellsha, then? Want to
mock me and have me call up the bars?"
said Dankes, with a quiet smile.
"I say I think you are a picture; braided
waistcoat — wonder where wou got it
black trousers, tmtanned boots that Oliver
Cromwell might have worn, a hat worthy
of a dandy cowbody.a pair of eyes that
might belong to a youngster of 20, and a
beard soft enough to make a cushion for a
fine lady's boudoir." said Ned, punctuat
ing the points of his criticism with a
laugh.
"I feel devilish low, pard. Come on;
let's have the prescription; let it be nau
seous with quinine, and make it strong."
Dankes handed him the llerce decoction.
"By Jupiter! but it's a bitter dose," Ned
exclaimed, coughing and making a wry
face at the draught. "It demands a fresh
drink to wash it down, don't you think
so?"
"If that's how It strikes you," said
Dankes, "why, certainly. Eh, Jim?"
Jim snorted a kind ot. half-and-half ap
proval, • and Dankes passed the bottle.
Ned helped himself, and smacked his lips
and said it was worth while not to drink
for a term to revive a man's liveliest
memories with such a refresher. At the
same time he deliberately corked the bot
tle after his second giass, and requested
Dankes to put it awayl and Old Prudent
promptly replaced it ini the cupboard.
Presently, the two men washed and
dressed for the evening's entertainment.
They made their toilettes outside the
cabin. A lad came up from the valley
night and morning to see after things a
bit. sweep, up, and keep the place tidy.
He tilled the tubs and basins on the bench
outside the cabin, where the two men
washed themselves and rubbed 'down. Ned
had a tiny mirror in his room, and what
Dankes called "a 'setjout of fancy goods"
in the way of combs and brushes. He
shaved.' but Solomon rejoiced in a beard
worthy of' the prophets, as the v were de
pleted In 'an old Bible that was his soli
tary volume of serious literature.
"Why. pard," raid Ned, "you are a pic
ture! Remind me of a splendid looking
fellow who was a model for artists; used
to haunt the Strand in London a good
deal; was a merchant in a small way;
went about without his hat: had none of
.your manly character, Dankes, but was
patriarchal, you know. 'Hello,' paid a
friend of mine, meeting him in the street
for the first time, 'what are you doing out
of the Old Testament? 1 "
.'•y/r.u are a cup too low; that's what's
the matter. It's a chill, with fever. Your
eyes are red, your hand's shaky, your
spirits down in your boots. Take my pre
scription, and, if you're not up to it at
sundown, why, you shall cry off the Drift,
and lie up. like a feather-bed warrior.
What do you say?"
"That's so," said Ned; "but morp than
ever to-night I don't want to break the
truce we seem to have mutually set up.
Under similar conditions six months ago'
I would have had no truce 'with such a
rufllan; I would have taken him by tho
throat; but six months ago I had not seea
the woman who is to be my wife; and 1
have a sneaking desire to go back to Chi
cago •with a whole skin. I can't help
thinking there is an undercurrent of ani
mosity against ine at Mind- Man's Drilt.
Having regard; to : his relationship with
Dexter, it might not answer Digges' pur
pose to wreak upon me a cowardly venge
ance in which he was the chief actor.
You heard me talking '< in my sleep, you
say. I had bad dreams, Solomon. I seem
to be running into danger. I am no cow
ard, pard. But I fear 1 lack the discretion
that makes courage successful."
"Why, yes. You ain't afraid of that
coyote now. He's been more than civil
of late. Mister Dexter must have re
strained him, and, brute though he" be,
Digges has both eyes -on his pocket. He
can't afford to fall out with Dexter. Dex
ter's puttin' up twenty thousand dollars
for a new mill. Digges Is beholden to
Dexter. You are Dexter'* represent
ative."
"I guess you are v.nder the weather,"
said Solomon Do.nkes to Ned; "your hand
shakes, I heard you talkin' in your sleep;
it's a touch of fever. Take my tip, parl;
a go of Old Rye, with a dash of quinine."
"I think not," said Ned. "I might not
stop at one go."
"Do you tell me that; if the doctor pre
scribes a potion you'll want to take his
stutf in double doses?"
"I suppose we must go to the Drift to
night?" Ned evasively replied.
The ofcasion was a night at Blind Man's
Drift, when the striking of the great
Drift lead ¦was celebrated. So far the an
nual festival was quite new. Blind Man's
Drift was only three years old. The
"boys" of Platt's Valley and the Ridge
were invited to supper, at the expense of
the Drift.
Platts Vallev and the Ridge were only
a year or two older than Blind Man's
Drift. They each celebrated their first
stroke of good fortune, but the Drift was
the most munificent of the three, and of
late with' some reason, for Abner Digges
and his partners had "struck.it rich"
within the previous three months, and the
boys, collectively and individually, had
staked out new and important claims.
Old Prudent might have prevented it, if
he had not bean an instrument in the
hands of Fate. The day came when he
encouraged Glover to fortify himself with
a stimulant, that, used wisely, may be all
men desire to believe it; but, taken with
out restraint, Htj. a cruel enemy, and was
destined to be Glover's undoing. Not for
the world would Solomon Dankes have
handed Ned the bottle, could be have
foreseen the consequences. He was fond
of Ned, and Ned believed himself to be
most fprtunate in Solomon's friendship.
THE FATEFUL FESTIVAL OF BLIND
MAN'S DRIFT
CHAPTER XXIII.
"Jim's oneasy in his dreams," said Sol
omon.- " "Tain't often he lets on tfiat
way! , ._ .
It was as if Old Prudent had Interpreted
Nod's thoughts, that; were busy with
Digges while writing of his happiness and
his possible death; and there was soino
thing uncanny, in the subdued howl that
Solomon's dog set up as Ned drew his
chair to the stove.
right. bids- me stay; the pluck that is the
inheritance: of. every Britisher holds me
here, where my duty lies and where I
must gather those material supplies that
shall furnish me forth on that\trip of joy,
the . chief destination whereof is London,
whose - maternal arms are ever open for
the return 1 of her wandering sons.' be they
never, so -undeserving, .the true, great
mother — London!: I left her In sadness
and, sorrow, myself, however, my worst
onemy; I shall return a conqueror, with
a wife whom to know is to love: and you
shall -welcome her in your temple of
bachelorhood, and sigh that there is only
one guch woman in the world. Yes, yes;
I know this is gush, pure, unadulterated,
and I can see you smile: not in protest,
be£ In sympathy, my great-hearted Dick.
"I write with "a prayer on my lips, that
no bar stand between me and the hap
piness I promise myeelf. But if Fate
should rob mp of my life | 'vnen most I
have cause to be grateful for that blessed
gift, why, then, dear old friend, should
you be called on to advise Zella Brunnen-
Glover, I rely upon you.
"And so, farewell, and God speed us
both, as Ho shall. deem best for our wel
fare, here and hereafter. Your affection
ate friend. NED."
. "I once knew a feller," said OM Pru
dent, "it was down South, where they
mostly fought with knives; he knew naw
thln' 'bout the trick of it. but the mo
ment the signal was given just leaped
upon his man like a tiger; no sparrln', no
flourish of tactics, no manooverin', nor
any fencing movement whatever.' but just
a shout and a spring, and the game was
up, his man was sped, almost without a
groan. It's one thing or the other; know
a lot or- nawthin'. Ignorance is some
times as well equipped as skill, especially
when there's luck thrown in."
But Dlggs had slipped away from the
scene soon after Ned «and» Dankes; slip
ped away, and thrust, his head Into a
bucket 'of water, and mopped : his face,
and shut the door, and got under his
blanket; for, though he loved whisky and
fun, and poker, and all the. delights of
a great Drift night, he knew the.impor
tance of a steady hand and a cool, head,
when there was the serious business of a
duel to the death. . on the -morrow. A
"That's right. Now, you can vamouch;
hero's a dollar. Come early in the morn
in'."
"Yes, guv'nor,'.' said Dave: and his lan
tern- could be eeen a few minutes later
dancing down in the valley toward the
flaming lights of the Drift, that now fair
ly mocked the stars with yellow lampj
and red,,with candles, and with naphtha,
making quite a halo for itself on tha
hillside. You might have hearfl the hum
of it and the din a mile off, early into the
morning. •
The, lad from the valley was waiting
for their return. There was a good fire
in the stove, the two lamps were lighted,
and the boy had. been reading In theold
Bible. .
"Well, Dave, my lad, have you had
somethin 1 to eat?" .
"Yes, guv'nor," said Dave. "I helped
m'self, as you said I was ter."
"That's right," said Glover: "tha'd
righ'," gradually losing the free use of
his legs as well as his tongue. .
"Jim knows— Jim- knows: don't you
Jim? Where have I heard that before?
Jim knows!- I'm getting a bit confused,
eh, Dankes?"
"Oh, no, dear friend," Dankes replied.
"You're a real, good sort, Old Prudent.
You'd stand by: a fellow to the death,."
• "I hope so," said Dankes. "Anyhow,
I'll stand by you, Ned."
The. dog, that had come bounding to
meet them on the threshold, barked, with
welcome yaps and gurgles.
"Devilish good time you prescribed for
me, Old Prudent. Yes, it was! You
bucked me up. Yes, you did, Old Pru
dent. What the devil did I care for the
brute and all his dirty pals? I'd
have fought the lot of them! What did
he call me? A cur? Me? Ned Glover?
A cur! Ah, ah! It makes he laugh. Why,
God bless my soul, I'm Just the opposite.
Ain't I, Jim?"
It went to Old Prudent's heart to hear
Ned laugh, knowing the ordeal he would
have to undergo on the morrow. Other-
Wise he would have been tempted to laugh
with him.
"You mean, with the sweet and innocent
Abner.- Ah, ah! I pitched him head over
heels. What a fool he looked! 'Pon my
soul, I think I should. have laughed even
If he had knifed me!"
"A queer lot of devils," he said. "They
remind me of an election row I saw In
Ireland. It was in tho South, and, by
Jove! it wasn't a much more civilized vil
lage than the Drift!"
"You were not what you call discreet,
Ned." said Dankes. .
As they plodded along the valley, with
their lanterns, and at last -mounted tho
hillside of Prudent's Gulch. Ned laughed
and chatted as if he had entirely forgot
ten the assault of Abner Digges.
Ned and Dankes managed to get to
gether and sat out a hand or two of poker,
losing their money with a good grace;
Glover merry, in spite of the dangerous
Incident of the festival: Dankes thought
ful, and looking for the first opportunity
to withdraw. It came comparatively
early.
Some pulled out pipes, a few smoked
cigars; some sat down and talked togeth
er; some made up card parties; some got
drunk, though most of them found it dif
ficult to compliment the strength of the li
quor to that extent.
"A truce," then said another, "and let
the fun go on. No more chestnuts. Let
the Chicago game and the bender be
taken up to-morrow. To-night, pass the
bottle and cast the dice, or let it be eu
chre or poker, or what the hell you like
best — but no fightin*. Come on, you Brit
isher. We'll see fair play, and to > hell
with him that's agen it! Here's to you!"
Ned filled his glass, in response to the
friendly challenge. Several other men
stood In. "Here we go!" they said, reach
ing out to touch his glass. "Here, we go!"
said Ned, and each man swallowed hid
quantity.
"The first as stirs agen that rule's a
dead 'un!" said a stony, hard-featured
fellow, in a red shirt and fustian breeches,
belted with a thick tanned strap that car
ried a knife. He dominated the crowa,
though his was not che only pistol held
ready for action.
Hisses and groans and other demon
strations of apger punctuated almost every
word of this declaration; and in the midst
of it both Glover and Dankes rose to their
feet at the same moment.
"Boys!" shouted Dankes, "this ain't
worthy of the Drift!"
"Men!" said Ned, waving Dankes down,
"your boss is a liar and a coward!"
The daring declaration was received
with dead silence.
"He drew his knife upon a woman.
Would any of you have stood by, without
raising a hand to defend her?"
"No!" thundered twenty voices. "No,
by Gawd!" •.
"Hear me, boys!" roared Digges leaving
his seat and approaching Glover. "Would
you have stood on the stand In court and
witnessed in cold blood 'gainst a feller
who'd ben on abender, the first time he'd
tried ter paint a street red for two year?"
•'No. no!" they shouted.
Meanwhile Dankes and his immediate
neighbors were having a wrangle on their
own account, and several men left their
seats.
"You are a Gawd-blamed cur!" hissed
DlRges, rushing upon Glover, who caught
his raised arm and hurled him back
among the glasses and supper things,
makjng a terrible racket.
A dozen men Intervened at once. Danked
foremost. ¦ .
"No ilghtin* to-nightj" shouted several
voices at once. "No bloodshed when we
celebrate the great lead of Blind Man's
Drift!"
"Yes, by thunder! And I'd ha ben In
the Chicago House of Correction now ef
It hadn't ben for my friend, the Honor
able Hiram Dexter!"
v.n appreciative eye. • Streams of light
came out from doors and windows and
unglazed loopholes, affording glimpses of
the men. who. were partaking of . more or
less primitive refreshments; cold salt
beef, tinned tongues, cheese, biscuits,
chunks of: bacon, pickles and other com
estibles of. easy importation, with whisky
galore. '.
. Old Prudent and Glover joined the main
body of feasters In the saloon of the sin
gle barroom, that was run by a committee
for the general good of the camp; one of
the members taking It In turn to act the
part of barman and caterer, to the extent
of the free lunch that obtains in a general
way throughout the bar life of the United
States. . .
After .supper, which ended at various
times, according to the arrangements of
enjen table and the appetites of the feast
ers, "The Prosperity of the Drift" was
drunk, 'and here and there a song was
trolled out in a lugubrious bass, relieved
by a wild chorus. But In most of the
shanties cards were produced and poker
and- euchre reigned supreme, twin raon
archs of the orgy that ran through the
night.
Abner Digges' bossed the chief show,
where Glover and Dankes were the chief
guests. Ned sat apart from Dankes. The
whisky was passed around in a steady cir
cle, every man taking his whack; some
wjth water, but mostly without.
Ned— either from lnclination,-or not lik
ing to appear unsocial or conspicuous in
his moderation-acted up to the habit of
the timej and soon became just as talk
ative as his neighbors. Dankes watched
Mm with much solicitude; but, after a
time, was content, feeling that Ned had
secured the good will of the company by
his liigh spirits and capital ttories. . .
Dam me. mates," said Abner Dlgges.
, a suddenness and impetuosity that
startled the table, the more so as it con
trasted with his previous silence, "he'll
take me. I've a story I'm sot on tellin'.
It was a blarsted Britisher— Just such as
him who s ben so free with his- chestnuts
—that got me by the. leg in Chicago By
thunder, it was! I was on a mild kind
of a bender, after two years of the Drift.
And it was him as had me lagged— by
,'lt was!"
A shout of angry protest and indigna
tion arose against Ned, as Digges pointed
his thick finger at him.
' "That's all right. You shall nave that
collar., I only love you now, Jim; then
I'll envy yon." . . ¦
At sunset they sallied forth, each with
his lantern. They iound-the boys assem
bled not in a single tent or.- cabin but all
over the place; in the saloon, with its faro
table at the back: in the long shed, where
Bome twenty of them bunkedin berths ar
ranged after the mnnner of a ship, and in
the tents and cabii.sor huts r a party of
revelers, so to speak, in every shelter. At
the back of all could bo heard the thump
ing of the mill that went day and night,
and the beat of . tho engine. In the day
time it was a sordid scene; camp and
mines, shafts and shoots disfiguring the
foothills of the mountains that were
broke/n into ridges, with pines and other
trees arid stricken foliage climbing up to
rocky peaks. At night ragged edges were
softened; and on this night in particular
the varied illuminations of the camp gave
to the scene a touch of artistic effect that
would have had something of charm for
Jim barked his loudest in and out of the
cabin, and 'generally expressed his acqui
escence In the orders of the day. .
condescend to wear Btich pretty fetters,
"What do you say?"
"A brave lad." said Dankes ¦ closing the
doer. "He'll be a man, one of these days,
that the valley will hear of."
The timepiece In Ned's chamber struck
6. Danker looked- In. Ned was still
asleep.
"It's a shame to wake him; but it must
be done. Ned! Pard! Dear old pal!"
"What Is it?" said Ned rising up. "Any
thing wrong. Dankes?"
"Not particular wrong, and yet I can't
Say exactly right. Get up. Ned."
"I will, if my head will let me." -
"Bad. Is it?"
"Hellish; but no more than I deserve.
Might be as well if I never got ud again.
Partner, I despise myself. I'm a fool, and
worse. Pity I hadn't taken enough tn
kill my memory. But I remember It all:
every black shadow It it. * every brutal
bit of it. What's the latest?"
"The committee of the Drift. You're to
.meet at Digges at %."
"To fight it out?"
"\Vs: and the knife is the weapon of
the Drift, as I was tellin' you the" other
• nierht. I guess I'm more to blame than
you. T got you drlnkin". but I swear It
was for your good."
"If I had been content with it as a
medicine, I know, old man. Don't blame
yourself. You did it out of kindness
I'm just what,they told me in Fleet street
—an Idiot, a drunkard, a fool! To think
that I should have forgotten the faithful
woman who trusted me, foj-gotten her and
myself, and honor and everything good a
man should hold to! Dankes, I feel aa
bad as, if. I'd. struck her a .blow in the
face or had called foul names."
"Ned. my dear feller, don't let on that
•way. Get up., have a tub and some hot
coffee and you 11 be all right "
."I shall never be all right again." said
Ned. dragging himself from hla bunk got
'£* s^M lf?ht « to the' ou ter door and lino
the chilly air. and sousing his head and
face in a howl of water: then stripping
himself and emptying a bucket of it over
his body and rubbing himself down.
"That's good! You'll 'pull through
Come on, give me the sponge." v " rou sn.
Ned. wrapping a towel about him. hand
ed the sponge to Dankes. who fliiin- it
with whisky bathed his chest and rubbed
his arms and head. uu ™
'.'i 1^ 1^ 3 mo sick - the very smell of It "
said Ned. • '
"It'll make you strong. A hair of th#
eh^l^d?" y ° U: bUt OUtslde Instead of In.
v "What's it matter, inside or out? I have
broken my word, outraged my solemn
yows to God. I've struck my dear^ A in
the face. Dankea. the dearest, most trust
ing, most -sweet woman In the world'
called her foul names, sunk to the level
of aXIaJiban, Dlggea, a toad, a yahoo. Oh
my God! . •
He flung himself on his bed and burst
"I hepe not. Dave." said the old man.
"Good mornin' and good luck attend
you." •
"Thank you. guv'nor," said Dave scut
tling away into the valley.
"Very well, guv'nor," said Dave.
"Won't you want me down at the-
Drift?".
"No." .
"I shall be thar' ef yf>u do; and I've bor
rowed a gun." t
"We ain't goin' shootin' " said Dankes.
"Tour heart's made of the right stuff.
Dave: but don't you meddle with that
kind o' machine."
"Very well, guv'nor," said Dave; "but
I mousrht want it some day."
"Jim," said Dankes, "whar's your man
ners? Do you think you're the only judge
of character In this cabin?"
Jim slunk back into his corner.
"Put the things away. Dave; and you
needn't return till sundown."
"We'll be' thar," said Dankes.
Jim crawled across the room, as if he
meant mischief; but he only snarled and
showed his teeth.
"We thank you, Mr. Dankes, for the
'orspitallty of Prudent's Gulch, and beg
to declare this court adjourned, to Blind
Man's Drift, at eight of the clock."
"Adjourned accordin'," said Kerridge,
sheepishly.
"And so say all of us!" chimed In the
other members of the deputation.
As they filed out Jaggers paused, to say.
"We'll expect you. Mister Dankes. you
and your respected pard. Mister Glover."
"One more," was the general reply.
Dave filled the glasses again: the watch
word of the bar-world onee more passed
the- wet !ips— "Here we go!"— and the men
rose from their seats.
"What d'ye say, pards?" asked Jaggers,
"I gues3 this yere rule, of a meetln' tha
next mornin' after a disagreement, ain't
c.uite square on my pard," said Dankes.
''He's no hand with a. bowie, nor ever
give it a thought."
"Then I humbly submits to th£s yere
court," said Rorty Japgers. "that, under
the circs., he'd better kep' his tongue be
tween his teeth."
"That's so, Mr. Jaggers," said Dankes.
"But the laws of the Drift ain't the laws
of the Mede3 and Pershun." i
"I never heard of "em." said Jaggers.
taking up a small tumbler of old rye. by
which stood its fellow of water. "Mates,
and you, Mr. Solomon, here we go!"
To which vague sentiment they all
tctsed off their liquor, only one other,
besides Dankes, taking the fellow of
water.
"Another?" said Dankea., •
"Dave, give the gentlemen the whisky:
you'll find plenty of glasses in the cup
board."
Dave handed round the liquor, and
Dankes bade the men be seated.
"Thur's only one real good tap, I've
hear'd men say, in all this itgion; one as
gives your gullet a torchlight procession
and makes you see fireworks, and them
as have enjoyed that experience calls 1:
'Old Prudent's Special.' "
"Dave! Eave!" called Dankes, going
to the'door.
"Here I am," said Dave, hurrying up,
with Jim at his heels. *
Jim looked at h!s master's visitors in
quiringly, and slunk into a corner, watch
ing them with furtive glances, and now
and expressing his opinion cf them
with faint, but unmistakably, disapprov
ing growls.
"That's just it. Mister Kerridge. I am
an old man; but I'm a match for twenty
such as you, you meddlin' whelp!"
"Solomon 1 Solomon Dankes!" protested
Borty Jaggers. "And they calls you Old
Prudent; and we looks up to you as If
you was King Solomon, with his crown
on!"
"You call mo to order, Jaggers," said
Dankes. "I stand rebuked. I should re
member that Kerridge is under my own
rooftree and that you and your comrade*
are his friends. I forgive you, Pete; but
stand on your good behavior, or by all
that's sacred—. Well, it don't matter now.
Gentlemen, what will you take?"
It was rare for Solomon to los% his tem
per, or even to be ruffled in a controversy;
but he had the measure' of Kerridgo and
knew him for a proper sne^k and hated
to have him saying a word that ref.ected
on Glover.
"We don't me-k that out at all, 1 ' s-aM
Kerridge. "It would ha' ben the square
thing ef Digges had knifed or shot nivn
wher' he stood, bein' called a liar and c\
enooter, and a cur and—"
"I say that Digges began it. and I say
you are a liar. Pete Kerridge if you deny
it," replied Dankes. with th-i coolnes-j of
a judge on the bench.
"Oh! That's your humor, is it?" said
Kerridge. ¦,
"Which I understand to be as polite an
Invite to my pard as you can mako it.
consfderin' that he was the insulta-l and
Abner Digges the one In fau^t."
"Pete meant no ! harm, mister," said
Rorty Jaggers; "but I guess we come on
business." -/ -
•"You're not one as quarrels with his
liquor," said Pete Kerridge, the chief
spokesman of the party.
VI take It In moderation."
"Same as me," said % Rorty Jaggers.
"when the stuff don't pan out plentiful."
"My pard' has quit a higher sphere for
these part3 than ever you or me's like
to reach for," said Dankes. "and ain't ac
customed to roughin' of It."
"You don't mean ter say as he won't ba
fit and ion hand to met the committee
and his* challenger, Abner Digges?" said
Kerridge, hitching . up . his trousers and
posing somewhat arrogantly, considering
where he was: for Old Prudent was ac
customed to be treated with great re
spect, not only as one of the oldest men
in the camps, but one of tho best In
,every sense, and a man of education to
boot.
"I don't mean ter say anything I'm not
entitled to say. Mister Kerridge." Danker
replied, mocking, Kerridge's tone and
manner. \
Sunrise brought visitors td Prudent's
Gulch. They "allowed it was kinder hard
on them not 8 to have had time to sleep
oft the night's drunk, afore beln' called
on 'to do this duty of the committee.'
They came to name the time for the set
tlement of affairs between Boss Diggea
and the Britisher. Glover. At eight, to
the minute, Abner Digges would be on
the ground to meet*. his adversary. S0I07
mon Danke3 knew the conditions and the
rules. They would rely on him to bring
his man. and such support as he- might
think best. They were a rough, unkempt
crew. Dankes said his friend and pard'
was still abed.
"There's them as drink comes natural
to, and them as sickens of it."
THE PITY OF IT AND THE PERIL.
CHAPTER XXIV.
calculating miscreant, was the Boss ot
Blind Man's Drift.
into tears. This entirely unmanned
Dankes, who left him and lighted a pipe.
It was 7 o'clock before Ned appeared.
dressed, and something like himself, by
which time Dankea had coffee ready and
a dry biscuit that he had toasted over tho
stove, and upon which he had strewn a
little cayenne pepper. . . „
"Take yonx coffee, Ned. while It Is hot.
Xed sat down, and Dankea stirred into
his cup a teaspoonful of condensed milk.
• Ned drank the coffee and munched hl3
biscuit. 1;
"Ther's a chunk of fresh beef Dave 3
brought uo from the valley: it come tn a
freezer from the Forks. I kin grill it on
the 1 stove. What do you say?"
"No. thank you. I'm better now. I hart
a. head on me. as you say. that was like
a ton of hot coals. It's better now, thanks
to the tub and the whisky." r" *'_* -_"' V
"They expect us at & Now, I ve been
thinking that a live man is worth a dead
hero; and I don't see why a gentleman.
as you are. should be called on to meet a
ruffian such as Digges. Make a bolt of it.
Ned. Got back to Chicago. Leave me to
deal with Digges. Now. don't scowl; I
don't mean to tight him: that's not my
game. I kin get you a pony from tho
valley. You kin get to the Forks fust,
even if Digges attempted to follow you,
which he wouldn't." ...
"I won't run. parti. I'll fight himt
"Do you mean It? Solid?"
"Kin you shoctr
"Yes "
"Ever killed your man?
"So, thank God!'"
"Ever befn out with an enemy.
•Tn a duol? No."
"But you'd feel safer with a pistol than
a klfer'
"Yes."
"Here's my knife. I've shown you what
they call the upper cut." said Dankes,
handing him the weapon; "I gave you a
notion of the handling. "
"Yes." said Ned. fingering the weapon
and making several of the pa^es ana
guards that Dankes had endeavored to
teach him.
Old Prudent feared from the first
that Dtgges might lure his partner into a
quarrel, with its ultimate encounter.
"I shall mnko a proposition to the com
mittee." said Dankes.
"What sort.'" >.
"To give you the- choice of -weapons.
He's got a trick of seemln' to play with
a man and he'll try to show oft with you.
Pistol or ¦knife, be clear of your Intention;
and go for him straight. .That 13. dear
friend ef you air .resolved to meet him.
Dave's outside. Ha'll fetch that pony In
twenty minutes."
"If I could go with clean hands, old
man; if I couM feel I had not debased
myself; If I did not feel at this moment,
that I must drain yonder bottle, I think
I would go. Give me a drink, Dankes;
it'll steady my hand."
Dankes filled half a tumbler of whisky,
•with water to follow.
"That's the thing, old man. said Ned
when he had emptied the glass: "puts
new life Into a fellow, stiffens him up.
Dankes, old man, I'm a good sort of a
duffer.- The ball at my feet. I kirk It
aside focjothcrs to play at Fortune with.
If I hadn't been drunk last night-my
God! think of it. drunk!— I'd have choked
that brute to death, and the world would
have been quit of a monster: but I let
him slip through my drunken fingers.
And now I feel as if I was at his mercy."
"By thunder. Ned. you mustn't feel any
thing of the sort! Stretch out your arms,
pull yourself together. It cannot be that
God in heaven shall permit him, to hurt
you!"
"Dear old man: If I were only worthy
of heaven's guardianship I should go Into
the fight with the faith of a David against
a Goliath. And yet," he went on. now
with a tone of drop pathos in his voice.
"God might, perhaps, help me for her
sake. She would grieve so If anything
happened to me; and she loves me so well;
nothing I did would make me altogether
unworthy in her sight."
"Stride out, pard; they kin tee us." said
Dankes.
>?ed shook himself and swung, alons
with his old defiant gait: and presently
they met Digges and the committee.
* CHAPTER XXV.
A DUEL TO THE DEATH.
Rarely has Blind Man's Drift seen a
lovller day. Not that BUr.rt Man's Drift
appreciated It. To Blind Man's Drift u
day was hot or cold or wet. or dry. It tt&s
never lovely, In an esthetic sense. Winter
was approaching spring. There was no
sign of leaf or flower; but the air. if one
may use such a simile, had a lilt In it.
Some would liken the effect of It to the
exhlleratlon of champagne. Mountains
that were miles and miles away appeared
to have come close into the valley. Dis
tant peaks, with caps of snow, sparkled
in- the sun. The stream that supplied.
Blind Man's Drift with water came bound-
Ing Into Its channel with a laugh and a
song. Birds were twittering, and the sun
made sordid banks of dirt, ugly scaf
foldings, shafts and timbers of the mine,
and the rickety roofs of ill built houses
and the ragged canvas oi tents almost
picturesque.
They were a motley company of men
who awaited the coming of Dankes and
Glover. Many of them bore -the ejects
of the previous night's debauch in blood
shot eyes and unshaven chins. Most of
them wore their beards. Not one of them
but on this occasion looked unkempt.
Some In neavy jackets with abnormal
pockets, some In shirts and baggy trousers
tucked Into great boots, all ot them wita
slouch hats of varying sizes, and each
with his belt and knife, not to mention
bu'ges in back trousers pockets, where
they carried what they called their
"guns." being weapons known to ultra
civilized society as pistols, revolvers or
slx-shcoters.
The committee were assembled In the
ragged space fronting the saloon, from
the rough painted wings of which tho
camp spread, among the sand and boul
ders and half-burned trunks of trees, the
foreground of the mining operations of
the drift.
Pete Kerrldge and Rorty Jaggers were
the principal speakers. Captain Dan. a
loose-limbed, blue-eyed giant, with hair
that a stage blonde of the old country
might have envied, took an occasional
hand In the talk. Nobody knew what Dan
had captained, either on sea or land, or
where he came from; but he had been
styled "captain" from the first, and one©
in a way he would assert the authority of
a leader.
"Gentlemen," eald Old Prudent. In hi*
most courtly manner. "I'll be short with
you and to the purpose."
He seemed to look over the head3 cf
Jaggers and Pete Kerrldge and address
himself to Captain Dan.
"I claim for my pard the privilege cf
his country, the custom of Europe. The
man that offers affront to another don't
have the choice of wepplns."
Digges, who stood apart, leaning against
the door-post of the saloon, shrugged nt«
shoulders and Kerridjje snoTted In a
scornful way. He felt safer to do so la
.the main thoroughfare of the drift tfiaa
at Prudent's Gulch.
"I guess, sah," said tho captain, with a
Southern drawl, "the drift has made a
law unto Itself: but we're a generous
crowd, yes. sah."
Ned. Glover, taking an outside place,
calmly regarding the company. A certain
Instinct that moves the journalist set him
ticking off their points— tho cowboy-like
hats, high boot?, shirts showing brown,
necks wrapped in loose colored necker
chiefs: one man a veritable Garibaldian
In appearance, another solid as an Eng
lish navy; a third with drooping mus
tache and long hair, and bronzed at some
time or other with a Southern sun. They
were discussing points in the chances of
Ned's death, and he was so indifferent or
po resigned that he made close observa
tion of the color of their eyes, the cut of
their Jackets or the material in their belts.
"It ain't for us, parda. to make a new
law to fit this yere stranger, who's
brought discord among us." said Jaggers*.
"I move that we puts it to the boss, who
Is most Interested."
"It ain't a bad notion. Mlstah Jagger3.
I vote for it with a provision. Let Mistah
Dankes and Mlstah Jaggers. who, I un
derstand, will attend Boss Disges. toss up
a coin and give fate a chance."
"I'll speak to that, parda." said Ker
ridge. edging well away from Dankes.
"we don't want no foolln around on this
thing. Rules Is rules, and— r-"
"Fools 13 fools." said Dankes. unable,
with all his coolness, to keep np with
K "That e s so " ?ald Captain Dan, with a
rich chuckle! "and I guess there ain't no
greatah specimen than our friend Ker
rf »To"order. gentlemen, to order." said
one of the usually silent men of the Drift
-I apologize for inter ruptin'." said
D "i^ok here." said Digges. stepping for
ward^ "I ain't no higgler for this or that,
of respect to tne boss of Prudent'*
rMil<S, I accept the Idea of the toss. Heads
gives tne BrUisher the right to say which
he flKhts with, guns or bowie, tails leave*
th i 0l ouUf& said Dankes.
"Anyway, gentlemen; Solomon Dankea
flings the coins." said the captain •"
"Vote on It!" rejoined Jasgers. "WTjos
for sudden death?"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
(Continued next week.)
"The rivrr pive? twice that gives quick,
the good book sayr." remarked Bridget,
laying aside "her knitting and receiving
with ojvM arms the delegated kiss and
half n «1cz<!i rnore.
"But." continued the letter, "enough is
as proud M a fcj.-.t. and the appetite on©
pets in this uir vould rompp| Bridget to
provide even more lavishly than she does.
it Parkside were here. Only to think of it!
If Parkside wore here! Dear oid Park
side, with its missus and its Zella! And
even Old Gloncoc and the rest. It strms
to me that 1 jk ver had a homo before
Parkside! But. oh: it is a hundred years
since I loft It: since we wheeled along the
lake shore, since we sailed upon its mag
nificent water, srince 1 had you in my
p.rms. my dear, sweet, beautiful Zella!
They call this 'Prudent's Gulch,' after
Dank?. He is known throughout the en
tire region, and. I believe, far beyond, as
•Old Frudcnt.' He is reputed to be one of
the rl< best and one of the safest men in
the valley; its peacemaker, its life and
soul when any good work is afoot, not
that many good works are afoot. Some
day, and that not so long first, when
there are women in the camps, the
civilization of the valley, the Ridge and
BliTid Man's Drlft'fv.ill begin. Onee or
twice a week we go to Blind Man's Drift,
to meet the boys sind have a drink, or a
game at euchre or poker, or to a sing-
Fong. At lirst it was rather a pleasant
kind of diversion, and It would be always
if men could drink wisely and not too
much."
Here there was a blot and some words
scratched out, the truth being that Ked
had started to say something about Blind
Witu's Drift, that, on second thought, be
"Oh. here it i?'." said continuing
tn read. "This i? for you: 'The menu,
for r.-'ither breakfast nur supper is to be
compared wirli (!r-ar old Bridget's; God
blesf* her! CJive the kind t.oul a kiss for
xnc' "
"How 1 am rushing- on. as If I were
•writinc: for the Mail, while the printers
•were waitin? for ccpy, but. oh. with how
different a feeling! I F<»cm to be speaking
to you while I write; and Solomon Danks
knri his dog sre as quiet as if they knew
I whs entertaining a visitor, a dear,
tvreet, loving' purst. my cv.-n Zeila."
"Hin bead'* as level as his heart's big."
faid Bridget, commenting on those pas
pages of the. letter that referred to Dex
ter. "But how the old baste has thrown
thf dust in his ryes: He'll be deloighted
whin he knows how we've taken the sting
out av his wicked plot. I Buppose you're
in the might, not to tell him the wholo
thruth at pri.«!nt. Av coorEe. he'd be corn
in' home or. the lr^tant. and that might
be to his injury. Besides, as ye eay, we
can take care av ourFilves. It makes me
jealous to i.mr about h5« bunk and his
things, though I'm c^ntint to know his
Solomon Diuik* wcn'i hate Parkslde in
the way av food; that'll be cheerln' for
him when he comes back, though I bet
h<»'d not moind the tab!e, so that his Zella
wr..s sittln' by his side."
THERE Is a rack for boots nnd .
puns, and a corner for tools,
and a chest for all kinds of
things— for chunks cf £X?M. I hop<\
In a day or two — and in due course
enough. God being pood to us. to
make housckecpinp. xvitli another kind
of partner, fea^ifclc and glorious. We
muti not be too hard on Dexter. ' You
don't bccm to liks him any more. Joe
Williams said a strange thing to me —
that the old fool was in love with you!
1 don't call him an old fool on that ac
count. Who could help being in love with
you? But Dexter has shown such a real
fatherly interest In your -welfare — in our
welfare, I may say— that it would be an
ungrateful return to suspect lor a second
that his attentions to you had any other
FignilicuRctj. But. if for a single moment
vou are not happy in his tmployment ,
lravp him. my darlinp, leave him. What
ht has done for me personally Is not
much, ¦whon I come to see v/hat pros
pects lie here for an enterprising man,
and for one who is not ignorant of the
kind of work that appeals to an engineer
and -a m:m of affairs. Anyhow, I am
making li!m a big return for his confi
dence alr<;i<3y, by a hint or two as to cer
tain possibilities, that he has already ac
knowledged as of the greatest financial
value to him.
CHAPTER XXI— Continued
Copyright, J300, by Joseph Hatton.
Dexter bribee a ¦woman to ray that she Is
the deserted wife or Ned Glover, but his
scheme falls throuph ov.ir.p to the shrewdness
of Mrs. O'Hapan. Zella's friend. Glover writes
encourag-ing letters from the mining camp.
Zella. resigns her position in l^crter's ofilce.
Joe Williams warn? Glover about the Inten
tions oi Dexter, but without avail, for he eets
out for lh» mines. Dexter hints at love to
'> ' i. but ',* repulsed.
Glover accepts a mir.lr.p interest frcm Dex
ter which viil take him to Colorado for several
month?. He hf>pes to roake a fortune and then
je'.um to marry the willing Zclla. Dexter,
however, has ma<Je on arrangement with
Digges by which he Istesdi to have Glover
killed as *<xn ax he reaches the mines.
rjEUJk BRUKNKX, a member of the CM
/ cajro (Tomea'a Athletic Club and typ*»
/ j T\:;ter to Hiram Dexter, millionaire, is
JrsuHrd en lier way home by a mtfi*lll»
miner, Abnfr Dlpges. ?»*d Glover, an EmlirtJ
irtr and writer for th« Pa'ly Slall. Interfere*.
Ticges craws a knife anJ lunge* at Glover.
t>ut !s knockoi <3otcn ty a blovr from Z?Ua-
Joe Williams, a. detect 1 vp, crr-pfts DisS<"E. but
his case if \rltn a llsfrt BentTi"".
Tv.-rpps rvesn vtngeance en Glover. Arr.cs
Stony, proprietor and eiitor of the Dally
Mail. :? n :>er?onal friend ot Hiram Dexter.
Storey pends Glover to s»=t an article en the
life of the milllcEaire. Dexter takes a fancy
to the yoBBX Kaa and proposes to pive him an
Interest In rome nr:t?v:ii« ventures. Glover fln.J«
that he In i:\nne shove h!« mean?, and upon
ir.er.ticnir.g the latter to ?torey is advised to
take a ruoni at a certain b^ardlnE-heiif*. which
turns cut to be the same one ¦where Zf-Ua. Brun
r.rn lives. He there meets the Elrl who saved
his Him and whom he ha.* pourl'-t for in vain.
It is a case cf love at firft Fight. Hiram Dex
ter's coed feeMr.g for Glover char.ycs to hate
¦rbea be Qnda that the young man is virtually
the accepted lover cf Zella; for the millionaire.
In rpite of his a?e. ¦wishes to make her his wife.
Synopsis.
"Keep house," chimed 'In Ned; "nnd
'ware the whisky. Be a good, sober dog,
and some day, perhaps 111 Introduce you
to a beautiful young lady and ahe shall
elvu you a sold chain ana collar if you'll
"Don't wanter guard the cabin; but y«
must. If we took yer along: to-night you'd,
get trod on, and then you'd be tanking
free with the legs of Rorty Jaggerx or th«
throat of Mister Kerridge. and tharM b«
a game — bloodshed ; for sartln*. No, Jim,
you Just stay, and "
"No, ye can't go along; you'll guard the
cabin till we comes back, but we'll lust
have a run round the place byme-by.
Jim barked. )
IN MALE ATTIRE
> e|>}> Hectton
deemed it best not at that time to men
tion. On his last visit he had met face
la face his sworn and deadly enemy, Ab
ner Dirges. Dipge* had been away from
the cainp for some time, and hid only
ifMurr.eJ thai very day. "I hear*d as you
v.as here," Dirges had said to him; "Mis
ter Dexter said 1 was to name him as
our mu-tu-al friend.'' Glover had rcrlied:
"Indeod, and I hoj c ~e are no longer ene
mies." "Thut's as may be," Dlgrgcs had
answered; "but rton'i arsk me (o drink
just yet.*. It was a quick inspiration on
Glover's pan, for the sake of peace and
his own safety: to try and maintain a
iruce between them. But Old Prudent,
ov<>rlicar>i\;r the brief t<rms of the recog
nition, said to Ned, on their way to the
Gulch that night, "Guess you'll do well
to beware oi Digges"; and. when over
their wood tire (ilover had told Solomon
the story of their quarrel. Old Prudent
said. "Have your gun ready and don't
hesitate to use it. If ever you have
worOs with 1:1m. and he either fingers for
him have it straight. But best ket>p away
from Blin.l Man 1 ? Drift of nights."
Of course. Ned was not going to tell
Zella anything of this, though, somehow
the r.amo cf Digges had crept into the end
of his pen. and it wa* there he had blotted
the paper and soratchr-d out a few words.
"There's a Wot and something obliter
ated, perhaps ho was thinking of his
'Mail' article." she said, "and had got '
some of it in the letter."
And then rhe read on.
;!When I have sealed thl?. my dear, to
you I am going in write a long letter to
Dick Lorrimer. l?e?r in mind his address
— Richard i^rrimor. Kscjuire (Straker,
L<ive & Lcrrlmori. Bedford Row. London
— !n rase you might want to write lo
him."
"Why— 5n case I might want to write to
him, Bridget?" sai.l Zella, turning to liPr
friend, who was plying her needles, while
her attention was centered on "the apple
of her eye," and "hivvin's angel on
oarth." and other terms of admiration
and emlcarmcnt that she applied to her
Javorit" bc-ariiT.
"Faith, he thinks ye might want his
cl.ar-ac-ter: or. maybe, to invite him to
th» woddin'!" Bridget replied.
"It wouldn't bo my place to\lnvlte him
tr> tl-.o Wf-fiiling.'" ga'd Zella.: "and I have
had his ehar-ae-ter from his own I'.ps."
"And he had your consint from your
own,*' said Bridget with a smile.
• "And I didn't kiss him a whit more fer
vently -than you did vourself, vou Insinu
ating old flirt 1 ."
"Well, go on wid the lrtther; and don't
be askin' so many questions."
"Dick Lorrimer." continued Zella. read
ing, "after yourself, and next to Bridget
O'Hagan. is my best friend."
"Tiie dear teller; to name me after yer
filf! Saint Mary watch over him, and hlv
vin be hi? reward!"
"If ever you should want a friend, an!
it happened I was not nigh. Dick Lorrimer
will be your providence. One never knows
v.hen one may wnnt a friend. For In
stance, if you were not by and I wanted
a friend this side the Atlantic, Bridget
O'Hagan would stand to me, in my esti
mation, what Dick Lorrimer would to
you." t
Zella's eyes drooped, and the tone of her
voice lost something of Its jovous -music,
us she read these lines, that seemed forced
and out of harmony with the rest of the
letter.
"Do you understand vhat he means.
Bridget?"
"Oh: he manes that we should kape in
our mcinds who aro our frinds. me dar
l!nt. whin there's miles and miles between
us."
"You will realize all I mean about Dick
when you meet him on his native heath."
the letter continued. "Such a self-denying,
Innocent, kindly, unsophisticated, wise, in
telligent, learned, intellectual oddity, you
can't Imagine."
"And now, sweetheart, I must say au
revoir. Old Prudent and his dog little
drc-im I am going to write another letter
before I turn In. Every time I pause, the
dog — 'Jim,' he calls him — looks up and
wags his tail, and Old Prudent nods ap
provingly. I mu.st give them ton minutes
between the acts; and at tho close haul
up my chair (made out of an old flour
barrel, with a roft skin in the seat: you'd
be surprised what a fine arm chair you
can make out of a Jlour barrel!) to the
fctove. and have a parting pip?.
"This, my own dear love, by way of
conclusion; you are never to doubt my
devotion: you are always to feel that I
look upon myself as tho happiest of hap-,
py men in being assured that you love mo
in return: that I prize your love beyond
everything a mortal could possess; that I
shall rever willfully give you cause for
a moment's regret that we ever met; that
I love you with all my heart and soul;
that I count the minutes that separate us;
that I shall return to Parkslde the instant
the smallest opportunity offers— such, 'for
example, as a reasonable excuse of busi
ness that may enable me to go to Chi
cago in connection with Dexter's or my
own affairs, even if I had to return the
next day; and that, anyhow, I shall not
be away three or four months altogether,
whether matters are sufficiently settled or
not for the on» blissful vacation of my
life, when a certain happy couple will
start on tnr-ir honeymoon tour, from
Parkside for Uurope! God have you in
his keeping, sweetheart, is the constant
prayer of — Your loving and devoted —
Ned."
Zella dropped her hands into her lap.
with the. letter, and remained a long time
slient.
Bridget noticed that the closing pass
ages of the letter had moved her greatly.
Presently, laying aside her knitting, she
busied herself .about household matters,
until she felt that Zelia's eyes were foi
lowlng her.
"It's natural," she said, "that the last
av a letter has a touch av sorrcr In it,
Fame as partin* has. Ivlry leter has a
kind av 'Good-bye' In the tail av it. wid a
prayer and a 'God save Olreland,' and all
the rist av what they call affection's to
kens. 'Absince makes the heart grow
fonder* or:d 'Forsit-me-not.' as if the
writer did not know we'd' nivver forgit.
But it's y.?\ the way av letters; and love
letters most av ail."
It was only for the sake of talking that
Bridget went on saying these common
place thing?, until Zella should have re
covered her good spirits.
"From tho point where he made the blot
and scratchod a word or two out it is
a different letter." said Zella, as if speak
ing only to herself; "as if a shadow had
suddenly fallen upon his dearest hopes;
it's the letter of a different man, doesn't
run along as at first, buovantly, though
tenderly, from tho point of view that we
are separated by many days of travel; it
seems forced, like the letter ofvone who
Is trying to say nice thing:?, and' finds It
hard, as if he kont something back—"
"If ye wasn't so learned ye'd nivver
think so." paid Bridget. "It comes av be
in" a critic av motives, and phwat MIsther
Glover called 'style.' whin* he was readln*
Misther Immerscn's buke to ye the night
av yer birthday; d'ye rimimbor?"
"Yes. drar heart, I remember," said
Zella; "and how wo all sat down together,
after every other body In the house was
abed and talked nnd talked until the clock
struck midnight."
"And how the dear feller Insisted upon
mo Ftayin* wid ye, ajid tellln' ye tales of
Ould Olreland: though not one in a hun
dred thousand lovers would have been
throubled wid the idle possip av an ould
widder woman: which showed the swate
nr5« av hi« disposition, tuned to 1 pelf-sac
rifice ana all that's kindly in human na
ture."
"You are a dear soul. Bridget! I love
him the more that he- found out at once."
"Zella. mo Oarlint:" was all that Brid
get could reply.
CHAPTER XXII. .
OMENS OF DISASTER.
"There," said Ned. having sealed the
foregoing letter and fully addressed It.
"You think we'll get this through to-mor
row?"
"I reckon so," said Old Prudent. "Me
and Jfm'll see to that.''
Jim wagged his stumpy tall and rubbed
his wet nose against Ned's legs, by way
of welcome to the stove..
"Old friends, you and Jim?"
"Guess so; I often think he's the oldest
of the two. though I had him when he
was n pup.''
"Believe he lived in some previous
state?" asked Ned In a dreamy, specula
tive mood.
"I think there's a deal of human nater
In animals."
"Especially in Jim."
'"Well, I guess Jim kin do everything
but talk: Fometimes when he and tne'a by
ourselves he even does that."
"Talks?"
"Talks," repeated Dankes. "Look at
him now; d'ye think he don't understand
what we're sayln* about him?"
Jim snorted, wagged bis. stumpy tall.
turned round three times and then lay
down at Olfl Prudent's feet.
"I know. I was reminded of something
Carlyle said when he was thinking with
Shakespeare, who was still a greater phil
osopher, and It was .something: like this:
'There's more In the universe than Is
dreamt of in your philosophy; a dog's in
stinct is the voice of nature not a babbkx,
has grown in silence by continual com
munion with facts. Our estimation of ani
mals is unjust. Their body resembles our.
body with its four limbs, its spinal mar
row, main organs in the head, and so
forth; why may they not have a kind of
soul if only a rude draught and imperfect
Imitation of, ours V I don't say these are
his exact words, you know; but I bel'eve
the most beautiful of them are verbatim,
as follows: It's a strange and almost sol
emn, pathetic Wilng to see an intelligence
imprisoned In that dumb, rude tornv
struggling to express itself out of that;
oven as we do out of our imprisonment;
and succeed very imperfectly." ¦
"That soes, Mr. Glover. When we call
some men brutes I guess we insult such
intelligences and moralities as belong to
our Jim." / .
"Amen to that, dear Old Prudent!" ' said
,"¦ . rcllUin S his pipe, and remarking as
he did so: ¦
''I'm going to smoke one pipe with you,
pld pard, and then I must write another
letter." ,
"You're dead set on writin'," replied Sol
omon; "but it comes second nature to you,
Just as whisky comes tome."
"Ah! there you do yourself an injustice.
1 have rarely known a man more temper
ate. .
"Not a bad example, says you? Then,
why not join me? Eh, Jim?"
Jim looked," as plainly as could be, "Why
not ? - • „ / •
"I guess It would stiffen you up; and you
need It. workln'.as you do. It's a differ
ent thing, mind you, sittin', slingin' ink in
a bu-reau, or such. Out here a man wants
buekin up."
".Don't tempt me, old man. I can't put
on the brake as you can. I make it up
with tobacco."
"I guess that's where you don't make it'
up, pard. Uaecy clogs the wheels, ef you
don t oil 'em. , Mcan-ter say you can't sit
down and drink a glass, without wantin'
ter swaller a bottle? "
"That's m e to the life," said Ned, laugh
ing.
•"Well, I guess every man's his weak
spot, said Solomon. "But I'm durned ef
I d givo in to it. What say you, Jim?"
Jim barked heartily.
"| knew that would be your opinion."
Ned patted the dog. lisltfcd his pips.
stretched his legs toward the stove, and
laying his hand upon Solomon's shoulder
said :
"Dear old partner, when I really feel
that 1 may take a drink medicinally I will.
At present I need no alcoholic 'bucking
up. 1 "
"Hope you never may," said Solomon.
But forewarned's forearmed. Never keep
your eye off Digges. I had the chance to
kill him once; but I'm squeamish 'bout
'avin' a feller',* death on my conscience."
"You think his reception of me means
mischief?"
"That's my conclusion. Eh, Jim?"
Jim howled and turned about and
snapped at an imaginary foe.
"Think I ought to turn coward and clear
out?" *
"No: I'm selfish enough to go quite the
contrary. But never let him out of your
sight when you're at Blind Man's Drift.
If you quarrel with him be the first to
shoot; otherwise it'll degenerate into a
duel, and the regulation tight is with the
knife. It's the rule of Blind Man's Drift;
so's it moughten' be called murder; and
every man practices with the bowie."
Then Ned remembered that it was with
a knife that Digges had threatened Zella
and himself, one or both.
"A longer and a bettor than m!n<%?"
asked Ned, drawing his big clasp-knife.
"Longer and better; and net hampered
with a haft that don't grip. See here."
He lumbered over to a primitive cabi
net nailed against the wall and brought
cut e. long blade, with a simple handle,
sharp as a razor, thick at the base as a
primitive tile, worked off to a point that
tapered to a suggestion of great mallea
bility, though it seemed to be as stilt as
a butcher's steel. It was a deadly weapon,
fashioned as the original "bowie" was
fashioned frdro a carpenter's file.
Ned lifted it and balanced it in his!hand
with a certain amount of technical skill.
"You know a knife when you see /one"
said Solomon. * !
"Yes. There is a fellow of my acquaint
ance in London who is great on the sword
and dagger duel, a., the Italians practiced
it; but duelling with knives alone is new
to me. This is a fine bit of work."
"You bet! It handles familiar; nothin'
of top-heaviness in it; a knife you can
poipfi. could throw at a mark, or fence
with it equally deft., Digges has a similar
weppin. only better temperod, they say—
which I doubt; but he counts his "scalps
mine is virgin. Digges boasts he has
wiped the blood of six victims off his
blade; I can vouch for three of 'em "
. "The deuce vou can!" said Ned. exam
ining the* knife. "And do you think I'm in
danger of making- the fourth?"
"Not rf you're wary." said Solomon;
"not ef you let daylight into him on the
first provocation. No waitin' for the duel;
pot him straight, on square provocation
.of course."
"He is on terms with Mr. Hiram Dexter
whom 1 represent; that should be as good
as a truce while I am here. He mentioned
Dexter to me, and Dexter had evidently
spoken of me In our mutual interests."
"That counts." said Solomon: "What do
you say, Jim?"
Jim was asleep, in the warmth of the
stove, and only responded with an uncon
scious snore.
"I guess I'll turn In. of you are goin' to
do any more ink-slinging?"
"I shan't be ton minutes," said Ned
"Have another drink, light another pipe,
and I'll set to at once. I can talk while I
write this letter. The other was to my
wife that is to be; this one is to a Lon
don pal. who will act as solicitor to my
executors. I shall make my will to-mor
row. You and Dave shall witness it. Do
you object?"
"Ours is a sort of sudden friendship,"
said Solomon; " but my experience of life
is that you know a feller the first hour of
a business negotiation. Count me in.
whatever it Is."
"Thank you," said Ned; and down he
sat to his rough desk.
"I haven't time at the moment to te'.l
you how I came here, and why, and the
details of my prospects," he wrote to Dick
Lorrimer. "But I'm in luck, possess min
ing shares of some value, am partner in
a holding that promises great things, my
partner a genial old American prospector,
digger, mine-owner, frontiersman and a
character. I am going to make him one
of my executors, and Storey of Chicago
the other. I am to be married to the best
and the loveliest of women, with all the
fine points of the American and none of
the bad ones; not that I have found any
bad ows yet, except in a brute who is
probably rot an American at all, but one
of .the riff-raff that Europe sends over
here to develop their worst instincts and
the resources of the country at the same
time. But Zella Brunnen — a pretty, ro
mantic name, is it not?— Is typical as eho
is lovely, nnd clover in a thousand ways.
Talk of your Eng'ish feminine athleti
cism, golf, tennis, hunting, swimming,
my sweetheart is an adept who .might
fihame one of your champion lightweights
in the P. R.. and eclipse in beauty your
most notable society belle. Ye 3 she
boxes! Don't shudder. This is one of
the luxuries of the Women's Athletic Club
of Chicago: but only for private exhibi
tion, mind you./ Don't you envy the Eng
lish master of the noble art, with a bevv
of students dowered with, the kind o'f
beauty the painters attribute to Diana?
Don't you, you miserable. bachelor fore
bworn domestic bliss? My wife that is to
be is as gentle, sweet and dainty as <»he
is physically strong; and under my. will
supposing I have the misfortune to leave
. her a widow, she will have the good for
tune to have Amos Storey and Solomon
Danks as my executors, and you as her
legal adviser. But,, if I live to meet you
again, it will be to present you to my wife
I have a faint remembrance of Tennis's
idealization of Columbia, and glimmering?
of his "Republique Francaise," and other
piquant divinities, • proud but beautiful
shapely of limb, and supple. Blend the«*e
in your imagination and think of all that
Is beautiful in Bummer flowers and pleas
ant sea-breeses, see In them all somethin™
of the grace and beauty of Zella Brunnen
and congratulate me. airs. Edwin Glover
will be a prosaic change from Miss Zella
Brunnen: but one never knows in what
form fickle fortune will shower blessings
on us. So much for my good luck! Now
for the shadow. I have a bitter enemy,
and have met him I fear at a disadvan
tage to myself. Instinct half persuades
me to -run for it; the consciousness of
6Mr. Henpeck— Are you the man who %
spoke Impatiently to my wife? .j.
Stranger— Yes, sir. j.
Mr. Henpeck — Then you are either a •!•
lunatic or a aero— Baltimore American, •
HI9 ONLY EXPLANATION.
WOMAN OF NOTE.
4» "She's a woman of note."
i* "Indeed?"
*** "Oh. yes. Indeed, and the nots la hisii
• C."— Chicago Post.
Then, with her nose pointed In the direc
tion that all good people hope some day
to go, she left him alone in the corner.—
Chicago Times-Herald.
"No," he admitted. "but- there were
three •widows in the house where I stayed
there last summer, and I got away from
the whole crowd."
'Lot me see, colonel," she Bald In her
, aweetest manner, "where was It you won
your spurs?" » ; .-.**" fi
"At Capo May."; he replied.
"Cape May?" she echoed. "Why, thero
never has been a battle at Cape May!"
HIS GLORIOUS RECORD.
The Bad Boy Returns
to the Old Grocery.
(Copyright, 1900, by the Press Publishing Company, New York— All
rights reserved. Any infringements will be vigorously prosecuted.)
THE old groceryman was sitting in an armchair in the! same old grocery,
nursing a rheumatic leg and hoping that no customers would come in
and make it necessary for him to get up and wait on them. He had
grown so old and crippled that he felt that the time was rapidly ap
proaching when he would be compelled to seil out and retire from business,
but he had become so attached to the old barrels and boxes, the stale stuff in
the store, the odors of the cheese and the codfish, the decaying fruit and ker
osene, that he felt that he would die if he had to go away from the old place
and be compelled to ''breathe fresh air. New groceries, with all the mod
ern improvements had Keen established near him, but he held some of his old
trade, and though the flies registered on all his goods, and the mice got be
hind the barrels and gave the cat plenty of exercise, the old man felt that he
was being left behind in the race of life, and he sighed as the door opened,
and put his lame leg down and groaned, and got up to greet a well-dressed
young man, who looljed as though he might be a university student, a de
tective or a confidence man. and the old man was on his guard for either
species, for he had had experience with all three. The young man looked
about the grocery a/ though taking an inventory, and his big black eyes
twinkled, though he tried to look, solemn and business like. He took a hard,
dry prune out of a box and tried to bite it, put his hand to his iaw as though
he had broken a tooth, and said, looking the old man straight in the eve:
'"The same old prunes? I supposed you would have sold that box of
prunes in the last fifteen years. I guess you don't advertise." and he threw
the prune at the cat, that had been asleep on top of a sugar-barrel, but had
awakened and arched its back and yawned. '
"What's the matter with the prunes?" said the old man as he walk'ed
toward the young customer. "People who do not like my*pnines don't have
to buy them," and he put his glasses up on his forehead and looked as though
he had as soon fight as eat. , * '
• "I am on the trail of an old pirate that kept a grocery on this corner fif
teen years ago," said the young man, as he put his hand in his pistol
pocket. "He was a youneer man than you, but he had a face that would
send him/to-tne penitentiary whether he was guilty or not. That old grocery
man did much to wreck families in this community when I lived here-
"There was malaria in every vegetable he sold, dyspepsia in his glucose
sugar, dropsy in his. adulterated flour and wrinkles in his dried apples, and
the cemetery is thickly populated with his old customers. What peniten
tiary did, they send him to?" and the young man turned his face away and
wiped his eyes as though bereaved.
"See here, young fellow," said the old man, as he reached for a two
pound weight on. the scales, and colored up and began to breathe hard, "I
have been here"— ''
"I don't doubt that for a moment.'^said the young tormentor/ "but I want
to find that enemy of the human race that madt my young' life a burden.
How many years did thev give him, and was ft for selling that axle-grease
for butter, or did they catch him on that chargV of selling smoked dogfish for
STILL A CHAKCE FOR HIM.
"So you reject me!" the young lawyer
said, rather bitterly. "I wonder If It
would do any good to appeal the case to
yofr father?"
She shook her nead.
"There Is no appeal from my decision."
she replied. "I am what you call the court
of last resort."
. "But I cannot gt\» ap the case In this
way," he «clalmed. v
She dug the sand with the point of her
parasol.
"Mr. Braxton," she said, softly, "might
you not ask for a new trial?"— Chicago
Tribune.
owes me $18. But where have you been all these years?" and he patted the
young man on the leg as though t he loved him. '•
"Oh, everywhere." said the young man, as he reached up and took down
the codfish and found his initials on the skin. "To Colorado. New Mexico,
Old Mexico, the Klondike, in the Cuban war, the annex in the Philippines,
to China, and everywhere. I am coming in here every few days and have a
talk with you, but now I must go to the bank. Good-by, you old terror,"
and the young man started to go. 'fx'S : -
"One question." said the old groceryman, as he looked anxious. "Is
your Pa still living?"
"No! He has gone into politics." and the long-lost Bad Boy made a skip
for the door and was gone. "while the old man leaned against the showcase,
took a long breath, and said:
"History repeats itself, by gosh!" GEORGE W. PECK.
and innocent as I am to-day, and what did that old catamaran do to him?
When that innocent lamb would "play tricks on him, as all innocent boys will,
,he drove him out of the place with boots among his coat-tail3, and chas
tised him with pieces of barrel-head and sent him away weeping. What do
you suppose has become of that boy now, poor little angel? Look at me,
you old reformed.highwavman. vou sandbagger, you gold brick swindler,
look at me again and see if vou can trace any resemblance to that cherub that
used to keep things moving around this place," and the young man gave the
old man a laugh that was iust like the laugh of the Bad Boy. only coarser,
and he showed the same old teeth, with a little more gold on them, and the
old man dropped the hatchet and the two-pound weight on the floor, grab
bed the young man by both shoulders, looked him in the eyes, felt for the
old wart on his left thumb, looked at the scar under his left eye where an ex
ploding pop bottle of the old days had cut him, and shouted as he danced
on his rheumatic leg and the tear3 came to his eyes, "Peck's Bad Boy, by
ginger," and he pulled the big fellow to his bosom and hugged him, and said:
"By gum, the whole store is your3. I haven't had any fun since your folks
moved away. Here, try some of this cheese," and he let go of his old friend
and stood off and looked at him. and they both danced a jig and were still
at it when an old ladv came in to buy a lamp chimney, and she looked as
though she thought the old man must have had something besides sweet
cider. As the old lady went out with the lamp chimney, looking over her
shoulder as though she was afraid the old man would try to dance with her,
the young man took off his hat to the lady and said:
"Don't be alarmed, ladv. \ beg of you. I am his keeper, and ho shall
not harm you, but if you see a policeman on the street send him here at
once, for this old lunatic is going to make trouble in this neighborhood."
"None of that, boy," said the old man, as he picked up the hatchet and
looked savage. "You nearly ruined my business fifteen years as©, and I
have just built it up again." , "
Then the old groceryman and the young fellow sat down on the barrels,
as they used to, and over the old times* . r
"The worst trick you played on me," said the old man. tmflinjr as
though it pleased him, "was when you took a dead gray cat, pulled the ears
out long and hung it up in front of the store with the rabbits. Do yon know
it has taken me fourteeg years to square myself with the minister who bought
that cat. He has just>begun to have confidence in me again, and now he
struck an oratorical attitude and continued: "Oh^ that cruel man. There
was' a beautiful little boy in this neighborhood, fifteen years ajro. pure
sturgeon? He must have sold vou this stock of goods when he was sent
up. Nobody need tell me hereafter that a dried codfish is a perishable com
modity, for there is one hancinjr up on a nail that I engraved my initials on
fifteen years apo. and the skin has crown around the letters as the bark of
a tree does when you engrave your, girl's name on it. The villain I speak
of"
"Say, boy. I can't stand this any longer." said the old man as he came
aroun«l the counter with the two-pound weight in one hand and a hatchet in
the other. "I am the man"
''Yes, I know it, and you ought to have killed him before you let him
saw off on to you all the stale stuff that no white family would be found
dead eating," and the young man out his hand in the breast of his coat and
FIRST PAPER.
V/* !i flTf B/iV»w/ifc^V"\/iu "£ ec k' s Bad Boy," the things he did, the pranks he perpetrated on his pa, on the grocery-
¦¦ ' r\^r p^ rpD^r man anc j on ever y one e l se w h o was unlucky enough to live in his neighborhood. So, of
course, you will be glad to see him again, after fifteen years' silence. Naturally, you won't expect the same harum-scarum "kid"
of i o years. The Bad Boy has grown. But you. will find him no less funny, though his fun will prove of a more advanced kind.
P^ Q/3/*V ls creator > begins the "Bad Boy Giown Up" papers in this issue of the Sunday Call. The or
5^/^"WW t fgr rjwr tp<S»^ iginal "Peck's Bad Boy and His Pa" articles, which were published fifteen years ago in Peck's
Sun. Milwaukee, were read in their serial form by hundreds of thousands of people; they were then published in book form, and
5,000,000 copies were sold, after which the articles we're made into a play, and for fifteen years the play has been on the road. The
books were republished in all European countries, in Africa, Australia and Japan, so ''Peck's Bad Boy" is perhaps the best
known individual in the world.
The Bad Boy has always kept his eyes and ears open, so that now, grown up, he "knows a thing or two," as you will dis
cover.
INTRODUCING- AN OLDPRTEND-
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
7
. Mr. Peck will write the Bad Boy Grown Up :
Papers for The Sunday .Call exclusively. \
Any reproduction of them, in part or ' •
wholes without special permission, is abso- ;
Uitely forbidden. r :
Next Sunday's Call will deal with \ V ;
«TPtSS*D BOY'S ¦ '!
. CHRISTMAS J0K5 ON $$g •
GRASS WTDOW." ;THE SUNDAY, CAJLL.
8THE SUNDAY, CAJLL.
8ATHLETIC YOUNG WOMEN AT THE
Y. M. C. A. GYMNASIUM
YOU have had exercise preached at
you until you are weary. For the
sake of your health, health, the ser
monizers din into your. ears, and
everlastingly health. Why don't they
change their tactics and tell you how
much prettier exercise makes you?
Then would you listen? Of course;, and
why not? If it isn't every woman's duty
to be as beautiful as she can— but there,
another sermon was Just heaving In sight.
No, never mind the duty of being beauti
ful. The pleasure of, It Is enough to con
sider.
Xot very many years hack the woman's
gymnasium wns a rare luxury. Nowadays
you find it everywhere. And all the while
that' Mme. Arabella and Mme. Ethellne
are hanging out their beauty treatment
shingles the woman's gym poses as noth
ing but a gym, instead of the beauty par
lor It really Is. . .
While you- are growing rosy ; of cheek
and bright of t-ye and lithe of limb you
can have- plenty of fun Into the bargain.
Go to the woman's gymnasium of the
Young Men's Christian Association any
Wednesday or Saturday while the practice
is going on and are If youidon't.want'to
don bloomers yourself and take a swing
up and down the rings. ,
- -oner;,.;; ' ; ' I -
The piano strikes a chord for attention,
and groups of girls In navy-blue bloomers
and blouses, black stockings 'and /gym
slippers separate themselves from chatty
groups or from Whltely exercisers and
fall Into line.
"Two— three— four!"
Each grasps her pair of wooden dumb
belle and at another signal from the piano
the class begins its exercises. A dumb
bell drill Is excellent to develop arm and
wrist muscles, and to train the eye and
fingers to nlmbleness. '.There are some
dumbbell exercises that require, almost a»;
much dexterity as that wg expect In a
Japanese Juggler. One trim little mem
ber of the class is so clever at the game
that It wouldn't be a surprise any day to
tee her twirling half avdozen dumbbells
In the air at once while she balanced a
seventy on her nos.e and two more on her
little, fingers. '• • v .
Wands come next. . They are simply
handled, but they Rive grace. Boxing fol
lows; feminine Bulllvans and Corbetts and
Fltzs and Jeffries whirl uppercuts and
K»ft-handers fast and furiously, and yet
nobody comes but much the worse fbr
wear.
Indian club drills are given and fencing,"
most beautiful of all exercises, is taught.
There is plenty, of s winging and • swim
ming, ladder; climbing, bowling, bai?
,p\inchlng, trapeze work, jumping and run
jnlng. And there Is basket ball, of course!'
I Every athletic girl nowadays, if , sh«
'doesn't golf or bowl, plays basket ball.
The Y. M. C. A. girls' basket ball team Is
in admirable .trim. It will play a match
one of these days and is sure to score
well. Miss Scoville is the captain of tho
team. She considers the star, players of
basket ball In her team Miss Roberts,
Miss Read, Miss Mitchell and .Miss Camp.
Miss Scoville. by the' way", bears witness
to the fact that a girl need not be man
nish to be , athletic. She is strong, but
she Is ¦ likewise graceful. She says that
nthletics nre not meant to make women
Into men., but to make them better
women.' .' • . \ •
The girls, who take .boxing thoroughly
enjoy ihe sport, which Is good fun when
the boxers- do not permit their ardor to
get the better of<thelr cSurtesy. Famous
cnes are MlM Scoville und Miss Julia
Brumstead. They can thump each .other
until it, makes you feel black and blue just
to see them, and they come out of the
contest in their natural colors. '
Fencing Is what gives grace, to the car
riage, and .fencing Is therefore popular.
As -yet there are not many of the class
who can boast of being experts with the
foils. The best fencers Just now are Miss
M." Curtln and Misa Clara Mitchell, but
they have rivals .hot on their heels.".
Dumbbells, wands and Indian clubs are
sports for Infants and invalids, to be sure.
It requires the nerve of the bravest to
swing from a trapeze head -downward.
There are plenty of "the bravest" to :'do
It; girls whb would "skin the cat" cafcu
ally while they were talking to you. They
are the ones, like Mrs. Hyslop, who have
courage and a, steady head. Mrs. Hyslop
can turn herself upside down and wrong
sldeout on the bars and trapew in a way
that would win fame for any pink tlghted
lady; above" the circus ring. .
•'Miss Simpson can climb" ladders like an
experienced fireman. • It-Is a^.wonderf ul
sight t& see her run up',a* ladder 'With
catlike swiftness,* and 'down .the other
side with equal .rapidity.
There Is, ft bicycle class; the rritmbers
do not learn to ride upon a real wheel.
The '"bike" Is 'a machine on which they
learn- to mount and dismount with .ease
and grace. Nobody Vlll ever know the
saving In broken noses, sprained ankles
and fractured skulls.
Surgeons' purses may be natter on ac
count of this machine, but they made
their hay while the sun shone. - .
passing of the
Chaperon
The older generation of English people
is looking on In dismay and with some
thing like alarm at the disappearance of
the chaperon, 'and the year 1900 will go
down in' history as the* date of her formal
.abolition. For the first time In the annals
of English society, at the few dances per
mitted by Ajie anxieties of the Boer war,
the girls, appeared unchaperoned. Lady
Jeune, commenting In the Fortnightly
Review upon the fact, says It was prob
ably due to tho disinclination of the older
women, whose sons and husbands were in
hourly peril, for such festivities, combined
with their reluctance to deprive their
daughters of all amusement at a time po
depressing. She adds:
"The Rosebud ball of America, which
was Inaugurated here, has long been the.
fashion on the other side of the Atlantic,'
where we have watched the system of
complete Independence among young peo
ple In full swing: The result there Is per
fectly satisfactory, but this has been the
.first test of it In this country, where hith
erto all tradition and experience has been
in opposition to It. One can only say from
personal experience and observation,
necessarily limited, belonging as, one does
to the ostracized' class of chaperons, that
there - % was nothing .different . to -the ' old"
days except that the -rooms looked bare
and lacked the background . of color and
brilliancy, whlch-undoubtedly a crowd of
well dressed women Rl\ # e, for the modern
of sitting put between daoceaemp
• ties a room almosVentireiy. • • - -
•. -While admitting the experimental na
ture of the ( proceeding," we- do not belong
.to those who see nothing but evil 'in "the
emancipation of -Klrls. - With our modern
system Of 'education and training it seems
almost impossible to continue the control
of former years, and 'the danger, if there
Is any, Is surely mitigated by the Im
proved relations between parents and
children. The real friendship and confi
dence that now exist are the best safe
guard against any evil that may conceiv
ably arise." . ,
Lastly, In the pillow sermon, there are
ways by which you may know when a
pillow is coming.
In the sequence of things tt will be your
firstly.
The pillow symptoms are long and pro
nounced. She. will lock at your couch,
measure Its width with her hands, ques
tion you' upon the colors" you like, and
may gently" ask you If you sleep upon a
The successful pillow looks pretty, rests
comfortably and w^ars well, all desirable
traits for objects animate and Inanimate.
Let the maker of a sofa cushion bd
careful of the pattern. Let her not choose
a rough one. The "man who wraps the
drapery of his couch about him will Ho
down to ¦ troublous dvcama If the pillow
be rough — yes. and will wake with the
print of the pillow upon his cheek.
who lie down .to rest.' The cushion with
an' association Is a bless.pd thing. You
look" at it as you ?lnk to rest, and you
think of It as you close your eyes and
dream of It later on.- The unconscious ce
rebral movement of the brain takes up
the theme where you left it off in your
last conscious moment, and the little
molecules revolve around it pleasantly.
The giver, if she It be, is rewarded for her
work In the sweet thoughts that come of
her while the sleeper sleeps.
which should be (he lot of mortals
4? ~^y- ¦ highly orna
,'".•£•* J ¦• merited. Lon;
f . . Btltche* that catch
' • f ;'. '•"¦» ..'¦• the ear, pearls that
<^; • 'Imprint the cheek. rose3
"; •¦ ¦• that'/ poke tnto the eara
flrid.butterRy wings that tic
: kie the nose may be pretty to
gaze upon. -.but they thwart the
pleasant dreams- and sweet repose
The rule for the size of a cushion is that
it shall be the width of the o^uch. If you
see a girl taking measurements of your
couch you may be sure that a pillow is
coming. The pillow built for two Is a
littlo broader than the couch, as though
It were to hang over a little at each side,
and is more fully stuffed than the slnglo
loried ribbon. While the question of the
decoration of the cushion is an Important
one, there are other points that must not
be neglected. The matter of size Is some
thing to be considered first.
Jtwf buds and her borders
WjT until . she has a hand
"T some' cushion. It Is not
long or hard work. Finally,
she cuta nway all the canvas
and, behold! there Is a handsome
ly embroidered cushion.' .Around
the edge there Is a ruffle of old-fash-
New Way of
Cooking Onions
and Tripe.
THE late Thomas Murrey,' so long fa
mous as a restaurateur, was one of
the defenders of the onion. He said
that the generally expressed Ameri
can abhorrence for the vegetable was an
affectation an<i that many of the most
pronounced dissenters were often Been
reveling on sauces /airly reeking with tha
flavor of the odoriferous bulb and its
cousins. "A • '
The young gr?en onions which are In the
market In the spring are now to be had
from the hothouses and are capable of
preparation in numerous appetizing ways.
They must 'first be carefully washed in
salt water, the roots and tops trimmed
and then the onions tied again In small
bunches. These must be put over the lira
in boiling salted water and cooked for ten
minutes. This time allowance Is for tho
very young ones; a lonjjer time must b«
allowed in proportion. They are then,
drained and placed on dry toast with,
melted butter and pepper antl served, hot.
The Spanish onion, which la now In sea
son," seems to be the established favorite
for both cooking and for salada. although,
the young. Bermuda la also delicious In
flavor and 'specially adapted for the
salad. The Spanish onion scalloped 1»
excellent when cooked after this recipe:
Peel two pounds of Spanish onions: put
them ovpt the fire In sufficient boiling
water to cover them, with a teaspooniui
of salt and boll them until tender. Mean
time grate an equal quantity of bread
crumbs and J'*:->t moisten them with col3T
milk. When the onions are tender pull
them apart with two forks and put them
liito a buttered earthen baking dish in
layer? with the moistened bread crumbs;
season each layer lightly with salt and
pepper; let tho top layer be of brea<J
crumbs. Put a tablespoonful of butter
over it in small pieces and place the dish
In a hot oven until well browned over.
then serve at once,
Baked and stuffed th« Spanish onion U
also a most agreeable dish. For thla taka
six medium-sized onion*; take out tho
centers with a scoop; parboil them for
three minutes and put them upside down
on & cloth to drain. Whan drained fill the
Inside with forcemeat of bacon, or sausags
mlxed.^rith the heart of the onion mlncexl
very fine; also bread crumbs, pepper, salt,
mace and a spoonful of cream. Stuff tho
onions with this and almmer In th© oven
for an hour, basting often with meltect
butter. When done take the onions up
carefully without breaking, place them,
open ends uppermost, in a vegetable dish.
Add to the gravy in tho baking pan tha
Juice of a half lemon, four tablespoonfuls
of cream and a little browned flour. Boil
up and pour over the onions.
Closely allied with the onion In the blaclc
list of foods Ik one frequently served with.
It, namely tripe. It Is capable of wonder
ful effects In Us preparation and strangely
enough with epicures la a distinct favor
ite. The famous amateur cooks who pre
pare terrapin and oysters for their bach
elor parties also cook trips In various
forms, especially Tn the chafing dl3h.
Tripe with oysters Is a delightful di^h
cooked In Creole style, broiled lyonnaise
or curried. With oysters It may be cooked
after the following method and will ba
found excellent:
Thoroughly . wash a pound of double
trlpein cold, well salted water, drain and
scald It. "When cold cut it Into narrow
two-Inch strips and let It simmer an hour
in a -quart of clear soup stock, with a
stalk of -celery. Roll four ounces of but
ter Into little balls; roll them In flour, add
< one at a time to the tripe, stir continually
and as soon at> one Is melted add another.
When all are used let It simmer half an,
hour longer. Put the tripe into an earth
enware dish and when coldplace in the»
Icebox until next morning. When wanted,
warm the tripe (at table Is best). ad<t
about thirty medium oyster?, let It simmer
three minutes, season with salt and whito
penper and »*»rv« on thin toast.
-The New Orleans fashion, of preparing,
tripe Is very much In favor. Cut one and
a half pounds of tripe into small pieces
and fry them In a pan with two ounces
of butter, on* chopi>«»<l or.ion ami half of
a green pepper; also choppei!. Urown them
slightly for six minutes; then transfer
them to a saucepan with one. chopped to
mato and one-half pint of Spanish saueo
and season with a pinch of salt, a half
pinch of pepper anil a crushed clove of
garlic and a bay leaf. Cook for ten min
utes and serve with a spoonful of {-hopped
parsley on top. Spanish sauce is a mix
ture of butter, flour and good broth,
stirred till smooth, simmered for about an
hour and put through a sieve, whea but
ter la added.
THE eofa cushion season is coming.
This is the time of year when you
see the pretty young girl, standing
fit the eatin counter with wrinkles
upon her fair young brow: while, afar off,
at the denim table. Is the matron, upon
raore durable patterns bent.
To a man all sofa cushions may look
alike, but to a woman they are as differ
ent as babies. Each has its features, even
Its characteristic!"; each its markings;
each Its aspirations.
The man who will not. within the next
e!x weeks or so, receive a sofa cushion. Is
& churl. He has done something, forsooth.
to his world of feminine friends that all
have turned against him. Young woman,
married friend, mother and cousin have
ell alike agreed that be Is not worth the
pleasing.
Thank heaven, there axe few such men.
With a world of them the eun of feminine
occupation would set; idle would grow the
thimble, rusty the needle.
Most men lo've sofa ' cushions. If
planned ry a woman of discretion the
cushion is like a companion — adaptable to
moods! In its idle moments it bear* a fair
serenity upon its face; In troublous times
It 1? not ruffling. The cushion that can
not be doubled up and punched; cannot be
curled and rolled; cannot be tossed upon
the f.oor and picked up again, and thrown
¦gainst the wall and pounded. Is not
worthy the name. Nor can it rank among
cushionly successes unless it be of the
kind that will smooth cut and look pretty
next day.
Fashions in cushions change from year
to year. If you doubt this, get out the
cushion cf a few seasons back and lay
il side by side with your latest effort
It looks almost funny, certainly very old
fashioned. The only cushion that ac
tually l:ipts. as far as 6tyle is concerned
is the big taffeta cushion, perfectly plain.
but even this goes out a little, for taffeta
is not fashionable this year and plain
The Russian pillow ia a^ dream in scarlet.
Upon one corner there is the figure of a
big black dragon. This is cut out of black
satin and appliqued there. Conventional
Russian .designs decorate' the corners of
the cushion.
A sweet, thing *?n classic design upon
another cushion consists of two figures
standing upon a. heart-shaped piece
¦with hands clasped. This is diffi
cult, unless you can obtain the
figures in satin ready to be ap
pliqued upon the cushion. :• jdl*
Otherwise .it is better to Uvf/i
allow a girl friend to, InM
paint them for you. ¦JMt
hands of a fig- /^foWtylmfflk
gift for a bride, or for a bride to give
her groom.
cushions are not Jiked.
Embroidery i» the key to the fashion
able cushion. It Is carried out in so many
ways that one must be an artist at It to'
perform it successfully. But in the hand*
of a skillful embroiderer all things are
possible. She -can make nine cushions, or
nineteen, all different, and none bearing
even a family resemblance to the other.
Take for instance the man in the, moon
pillow. You will want nothing cunnlnger
than this for Christmas, or for between
seasons. The idea is that the man in .the
moon, being a nightly visitor. Is a suit
able subject for a pillow that is to be
used for sleep. Being a night-hawk., he
may at times become rakish, and the face
of the cushion may suggest all his moods.
The foundation of the cushion must be
blue, a steely blue. Just as you eee the
eky on a moonlight night. Study the tone
and be sure to get It bright enough.
If you want to do your own drawing,
take a dinner plate and place It In the
corner of your pillow square. Mark
around it and then follow the lines of
your markings with gold thread. Let the
thread be of silk. In a gold color, for
nothing H more trying to rent upon
than actual gold thread. In rollowing »
the lines be sure that you make the >
cure an irregular one: and when
you come to put In the fea
tures let your needle stray
away from the classic -^"""s.
course Into lines that /^rg/fc
are not ui>°n any pic- /j^*****
ture in the louvre. J, i^BH&j,. '¦ '
It is quite e*!>y Vt I t^Bfe
to make tb* s£ £ \ '/> iiZBm
the coat. Sped pearls \s^^
surround the figures.
Cushions of the last de
scription arc not to be lain
or slept upon, but are more
for the back. Indeed, there are
distinct classes of pofa cushions,
one class being devoted to the back,
another to the shoulder and a thjrd
to the head. Of courso there are seat
cushions, but these are stronger and raora
substantially studded, so that they do not
class with the pillow at the couch. The
shoulder pillow. If you must know. Is a
tiny thing designed to be picked up and
stuffed under the 'shoulder. It la a square
usually, and can be used singly or In
croups of two or three each. When Heated
moon, and you will
have no trouble with
!t. If you have an.ar- r^ S \^^.^r$I
tistic friend let her put In iS
the smoke with a paint f
brush and place a tiny tip of Hf£
scarlet light in the cigarette. \»
The . work, properly performed, . >;
fhould take a week, for the man In
the moon requires a little personal
study. The edge is formed of striped rib.
bon gathered* up on 'one side. The entire
cushion is in gold and blue, with a touch
of red for the necktie and the cigarette
light.
It Is better In making this pillow to do
it all with the brush, for, as a study in
easy painting ft Is Ideal.
The thistle jiillow, on the other liand. Is
one of embroidery pure and rather s::rij>le.
It Is den^ with wool thread and a long
embroidery needle. In taking the stitches
It Is b?st to shorten them and let them
overlap the other. Nothing is more un
comfortable In a pillow than to catch the
ear in the threads. Here and thorn cloth
daisies of strange desiprn can be painted
upon the face of the pillow.
? The lovw'g knot pillow is a study In rib
bon applique. Baby ribbon of that shade
of blue known as "tendre" Is tied in a
bowknot and applied' upon the pillow.
Wonderful rings, with Bilk button-holed
through them, are attached to the pillow
at frequent Intervals. It la not exactly a
comfortable pillow to rest upon, but It Is
a handsome thing: and carries its message,
which is all it is expected to do. It is a
V---. : ;.-:;»>vir.-- >.
The Merritt family !» wealthy. They
have a beautiful home, their fancy cattle'
graze on their rolling acres and all sorts
of luxuries surround them, but next to
the two Merritt youngsters the greatest
store Is set by Nat. Mr. Merritt, a prom
inent dye importer of Boston, is traveling
in India. He valued the dog at JSOO^when
he gave him to Mrs. Merritt a few months
ago. '.'' "
"Nat mt:st net die while Mr. Merritt Is
oway." said Mrs. Merritt Imperiously, ig
noring the dictum of the wise physicians,
at ofttlme* a woman will.
Aft^r further consultation It was de
cided to take tho dog to the Bowdoin ken
nels and see if tne veterinarians there
culu do anything for Nat. Dr. O'Connell.
the expert, who nas officiated at tnoet of
the big dog shows, recently made a thor
ough examination of the fractured mem
ber, while Mrs. Merritt pleaded earnestly
:._>r him to hold out some prospect of hope.
D*- O''.*onnell was not sanguine. He
found what would correspond to a break
in a boy's arm at the eloow. The frac
ture was a bd*l one. The foreleg was
s-wijll'-s to twice Its natural lire. Gan
gn-ne had set In.
-It iooked hopeless." 6ald Dr. O Connell.
in discussing the csee a few days ago,
••but what can a man do when a woman
is in learn and children look up at him
•with piteous appeals? I esld Id try to
•uuputate the forepaw, but could not at
ih't late day guarantee a successful Issue
«>f the experiment. I was without proper
assistance or any sort of temporary arti
iiciaJ Ifg for Nat. but we went to work.
-After the amputation the dog's leg was
Eprared with cocaine daily for three days.
vMle we scraped the bone and treated the
*k!n flap around It. After the treatment
Nat would He almost comatose, though
we roused him snrl fed him at regular ¦ in
terval? After a while he rallied a little,
a^d when granulation ?et In and the
u-ound was not too sensitive, a rude wood
en Ir-p was mtf d to Nat's stump. \\ Ith a
pirth around his stomach, a collar around
his leg arid a harness to keep- the wood In
ularo, ire turned Nat loose.
"At first he refused to move. When he
found he could net set rid of the innova
tion he bravely put up with tt and gradu
ally I< arned to derive support from it.
Th'« n tho Merritt family refused to be sep
arated from its Idol any longer, and Nat
waV-£fcVn back to. Milton Hills. The skin
has grewn firmly around th* top or tne
wood aTid the operation Is hailed as a euc
rcm bv the veterinarians who have had a
chance to exnmin»- Nat. When a real,
Bcrvntety fashioned artificial log le i made
:i:i.l property a>11ust«d. the dog will look
fairly prr-prntoble. and he wont endure
very, much dlpromfort. I think." .
Th^ M^rritt family i« delighted over the
r'*ult of the surgical experiment, and as
for Nat— well, he "hops and poes liprbtly
;i round th<» confines of the ehaeious
n'ound? and comfortable kennels of nis
owner, apparently not so much the worse
• ff for his <?xperi#>n<*e after all. while his
nin«?-y««ar-old boy and twelve-year-old jrirl
ompanio^s cr«» proud as can be over the
po^cEj-ion of the "only dog with an arti
ficial Ice." '
Upon examination it was found that Nat
had fractured his rieht foreleg at the third
ir.Sex. For two days all sorts of treat
ment was tried in vain. Then the doctors
{-¦aid Nat's case was hopeless and recom
mended that he be shot.
Nat, who Is net quite a year old. came
to grief on last Fourth of July, when he
tried to spring from a porch In the rear
of the Merritt mansion, in Blue Hill ave
rue, Milton Hills, an aristocratic suburb
cf Boston, and fell fourteen feet. When
The little animal was picked up it was ap
parent he was suffering: great pain. Two
local veterinarians were promptly sum
moned.
But ir. a tew days this courageous little
animal is to be taken to Lowell. Mas?.,
•where tht- Andrews factory for making
artificial feet and !eps for the Government
is situated. There a cast of hts uninjured
left forefoot, the mate of the lost one.
wiil be made. From the cast an artificial
cork leg •will be made.
I>r. John A. OConnell, the veterinarian
of the Bowdoin kennels, Dorchester, who
directed the amputation of Nat's leg,
thinks the cork leg will cost in the neigh
borhood of JGO. but that is a bagatelle to
his owners. Much will depend upon the
E-jcces* of the first attempt at casting a
live dog's leg. Several attempts may be
necessary before a perfect model is se
cured.
5O Tar as known the only dog to pos
sess an artititial leg is the thor
oiishbred fox terrier Nat. the pride
of the M< rritt family of Milton
HIIIk. jurt outside of Boston, and ?Cat
really hasn't sot his cork leg yet. For a
month putt Nat has been stumping about
on a temporary artificial leg whittled out
of a pi^te of soft pine.
Here Is a Dog
Who's Happy With
a Wooden Leg.
Native American nuts, whicn are now
In the market In plentiful quantities, af
ford a great variety, and housekeepers
make a great mistake when they overlook
them.
The native chestnut Is not so buxom as
the Imported one, but it haJ a sweetness
and delicacy that the larger nut lacks.
The walnut and the butternut are the
richest of the American nuts. The hick
ory nut. hatel nut, beechnut and pecan
«re worthy a place on the menu either in
their natural state or in some of the many
appetizing and attractive forms In which
nuts may be prepared.
Nut salad has become, popular In the
last few seasons. English walnut* are the
bent for this purpose. They are mixed
with equal portions of tart Into small bits
and covered with mayonnaise. Sometimes
the three Ingredients,' celery, nuts and
apples, are used. I'.-
J Chopped nuts a.« n filling for sandwiches
are delicious. They should be moistened
slightly 'with mayonnaise and may be
used with or without a lettuce leaf. Hazel
and hickory nuts and pecans are good
used In this way.
The Italian chestnut* make excellent
soup. They should be boiled until. tender'
and. pressed through a sieve to make a
puree. The addition , of a little whipped
cream Is recommended for this soup.
Nut biscuit may be made from almonds,
English walnut* or from a mixture ot
several kinds of nuts, put through a food
cutter and mixed with flour, baking pow
der, a bit of butter and milk Into a dough
that may be kneaded readily and rolled
out to be cut with a biscuit cutter;
A tart that Is recommended highly is
made from a cup of chopped filberts, with
five grated ladyttngers, the yolks of eight
eggs and one and a half cups of powdered
sugar, one and a half table-spoonfuls of
whisky and the grated rind of a lemon.
This tart is baked thirty-five minutes in a
moderate oven. This Is a rich concoction,
but has a delicious flavor.
Delicious Dishes
From Nuts.
On the other hand, turnips should have
a thick rind* pared oft". The turnip ha*
an outer part that destroys the flavor oC
the whole if not thoroughly removed.
Too much meat and too few vegetables
make up the average diet. Health de
pends on continuous" variety.
Do rot let your cook take too thick a
rind oft in paring potatoes. The be3t
part of the potato is near the skin.
Garlic, leeks and olives stimulate tho
circulation of the blood.
Just after the battle of Fort Donelson
General Grant is said to have telegraphed
to Washington that he would not permit
the army to move till forty wagon-loads
of onions that had been promised to him
should arrive. Onions are essential to the
army mess, to make pork or beef palata
ble. But they are also an admirable cura
for sleeplessness and indigestion every
where. «
Tomatoes are thought in India to be a
preventive of cholera. Like endives and
water-cresses, they stimulate the healthy
action of the liver.
A -diet of nothing but celery Is said by
some physicians to be a sure cure- for
both rheumatism and neuralgia. Free uso
of thla vegetable Is always recommended
to rheumatic patients.
Baked potatoes are digested more easily
than boiled potatoes, and should therefor*
be preferred by dyspeptic*.
In cases of anaemia, cabbages and spin
ach are distinctly beneficial. Spinach 13
also almost as valuable as lithia water m
Us effect on the kidneys.
Beets and turnips keep the blood pure
and Improve th% appetite.
couch or merely recline upon one. If sho
be very clever she will find out whether
your pillow Is to be a footrest- aJso. for
In the making of the silken thing this
knowledge makes a vast difference.
pillow. If the couch be very wide it Is
prettier far - to make two small pillows
and lay them side by side. # with perhaps
two more piled on top of them, than to at
tempt to do the wnole work with a single
big pillow. ¦ ,- '' *v f ;
For the ordinary . couch the square pll-.
low. Just the width of the couch, is the
thing. • •' ¦;"--Vyr 'vi?.-l?^
The matter of stuffing is important.
Down Is lovely, but is it not too soft?
Remember that the pillow Is to support
the head— not to bury it. Clean light
feathers are very. good. For a pillow that
Is for show, such as the one that Is to be
ranged along the wall, at the back of a
handsome divan, there are many devices
besides that of excelsior. Many women
use common cotton batting with feathers
each side of the batting, 'so that tho
feathers come next to the silk. Others
use halrj.wlth a cotton top, Hke a mat
tress, and still others curl paper and mix
tne paper with feathers, the object being
always to secure shape and firmness.
The cushion must, to be thoroughly
comforting, match the room. That is the
virtue of the Turkish cushion. ' In Its ka
leldoecopIcKy of color It 1* sure to match.
¦You will .-find, green for '.the green room.
P red for the red room, and blue for the
- ; --reom of- cerulean. In selecting -*
cushion »e a gilt let the color of
Its future surroundings be your
guiding star. So shall you
achieve Rreatness In the
line of fi your selection!
In. a decorative season
like this there 13
upon the corner of a couch*, or in a. §o
called "easy chair," the shoulder cushion
often comes good, meeting that tired mus
cle In a pleasant way. . . r
The utility, pillows meant for support
ing the head upon the couch are numer
ous and new. -. ..'^v
One of these Is the" cushion of panne
velour, which 1b unquestionably soft to
the head; Over the panne Is sewed a cover
of canvas netting,' and with this well
stitched in place, the woman who Is
'. , : to work the < cushion begins her
task. Taking threads of silk she
makes her cross stitches, pre
cisely as though she were
fashioned canvas work.
In this way she cross
THE SUNDAY CALL.
9
THE SOFA CUSHION FADThe prevailing mode of finishing the
back of skirts at present\indlcatlons will
be liTan inverted boxpleat. The bozpleat
and double and triple boxpleats had a
short career of usefulness 'and popular
mand the center of the house, from force
of habit.
Craning one's neck in every direction
from the top of a stepladder, getting down
to view the effect and stepping on a re
fractory tack that wouldn't perform Its
duty, are only a few pleasures connected
with the joys of possessing a poster-room.
' Never be foolish enough to pick up a
stray headache and carry it out in such
a room. The spielers all shout and shout
that their particular brand of tobacco or
mush is the best; the letters assume gi
gantic proportions, and there is absolutely
no peace with the noisy crowd.
Many devices are eeen to give tho ekirt
the desired | flare around the foot, and
numerous ruffles on the underskirts ar«
necessary. These and the cleverly con
structed bustles and little hair-stuffed
pads that the dressmakers Insert In the
skirts of thin women give tho slightest
figure the correct shape. Small chanco
remains for a woman who ia careful and
clever to look plain with the present stylo
of dress.— Harper's Bazar.
favor, and the more graceful In-taming
pleats are again th» smart thing. As a
rule these pleats are stitched flat t* tho
gown for & few Inches below the waist
and allowed to flare below, giving almost
the effect of the habit-back at ths top.
Of couree many of the gowns with box
pleated skirts will still be worn and soxna
new ones are being made that way.
College boys have a peculiar method of
securing anything that especially pleases
them, from "Fashionable Dressmaking
• ¦ '
are mounted on great pieces of colored
cardboard, but the old-fashioned adver
tising poster. After one has been used
and Is decidedly the worse for wear. It
costs almost twice as much as when
It was new and fresh. So don't show
your Ignorance and turn up your nose
when a particularly ragged damsel occu
pies the center of the room. She has trav
eled and Is wiser in this world's lore than
her companions, and Is therefore the belle
of the assembly.
It takes from 150 to 200'posters to make
any kind <jf a showing, so you see it is
only, the persistent, only those who can
patiently wait a year or so or have friends
who are natural born reachers, who can
boast of a typical red, green and .yellow
advertising apartment. The troubles are
not over yet, for, of course, they must be
arranged artistically on the walls and cell
ing. The playfolks give by far the most
annoyance, for, you see. they each de-
Parlors" to a lamp post. So tell your
troubles to a. collegian and see how quick
ly they*~di!?appear— that Is, if 'he isn't a
freshman.
and lo. It Is empty.
Seemingly to easy, but
There Is only one way, and it is a very
slow one at that. Bother all j-our friends
e£d keep your eye oil the lookout for
them. Cut them off magazines, ask every
body that comes along If he knows where
you can get any, march serenely away
with them when your trusting friends are
cot looking, and. occasionally, buy one.
Jf you are a genuine poster fiend you
won't buy the ballet glrU and dudes that
ETXET (trt has at leart one fad.
The more difficult to obtain the
xaor* popular becomes the notion,
find the greater the scramble to
lead in the newrst and latest oddity.
Tbe poster-room Is being rushed Just at
The really truly bona fide poster
room Is adorned with every advertisement
trader the shinies sun— all the hues of the
rainbow Trftli a few extra colors tacked
on. Just for luck — end Incidentally intended
tc> sake the room a* gaudy as possible.
Every eccare inch of the four walls, the
entire celling and even the doors and
xrooawork must be literally covered wttli
brilliant "Next Sunday's Call," "Yon Ton
eon Is Comic* to Town" and "U. C. Cir
cus." All kinds of announcements mast
b« there, written !n every language; from
EngUea to Chinese, and must be sur
rounded by Sapho and a host of other
chining: lights.
Perhaps you who are not Initiated Into
*Jh» mysteries of hunting the e/ns that
adorn the blllpoets, the boards In front of
the theaters and all fhe street cars Imag
ine It is an easy task to collect enough of
them to fill a room. Tou are wrong. It Is
a struggle all the way through. The drug
gists and dealers in music are annoyed
nearly to death with "Pleas*, may I have
that toothache picture?" or "I would like
that poster that is !n the window awfully
•well, will you give it to me? Tou won't?
"Well, how much will you sell it to me for?
I need It In my collection. Oh, please do.
They won't conie back for It, I know It."
Usually the collector pets a cold stare—
etmj^y that and nothing more. 1
So, ¦where do the posters come rrom?
There ere stacks and etacks of them.
Posters to right of you, posters to left of
j-cu: but stretch forth your hand for one.
THE SmSTDAT CALL;
10
The Poster Room Fadgevlty, that such organs as tho heart, the
lungs, the brain and the digestive ap
paratus must be sound and vigorous, but
Herr Rlchter goes further than this; he*
insists that there -is a close, connection,
which \ practically, never varies,' between
the duration of life and the size, strength
and soundness of these organs, and it Is'
on this connection that his theory is en
tirely based.
As a proof of the truth of his statements
he brings forward numerous examples of
organs which he has examined, as well as
an' array" of statistics, which aro entirely
in his favor. At the same time he admits"
that there are some persons the duration;
of v.heso life cannot be determined by the.
site ami ' vigor of their organs, but he
maintains that these are only excaptional
cases end do not really invalidate the
truth of his theory.
I'eThaps the most extraordinary case of
this kind was that of an Engllanman, who
was torn in 1483, and who was ao puny
nnry individual lived to be 16ii_years old,
his o«r.th exevrring 'in 1651. He actually
saw ten kings reign, and so keen was his*
enjoyment of life that in his hundredth
year he made violent love to an estimable
young woman, and was subsequently se
verely punished because he did not marry
her. : y* f'i-J
'A' more grave "objection to Herr IMch
t»jr's ti'ccry, according to German s<clcnt-
Ists. is that, however true it may j be In
Itself, it I* apt to prove misleidlng, for
the- leuson that it is ">of no avail in the
caso.uf persons who meet death' through
accidents, and, as statistics. show, a large
percentage of human beings oirs to their
cud each year in .this way. It ia awell
known" fact. 'too, that many persons who
are . killed accidentally have always en
joyed -viscTous health and seamed des
tinued to live to a good old age. Yet X
ruys. If ur.ed in-such cases, vould : cer
tainly not have told the truth.
' Ilerr R'chter intends to make many fur-
lh«?r «xrerlment» in. this direction, a full
occour.t of which will in due tlm« be pub-
room all to themselves. Hera a f.re must
be kept going all the time, for they are
sensitive to the slightest change of at
mosphere. I suppose their native climate
accounts for that. They • are worth tho
trouble they make, however"; they bring
the best prices of any cats, $33 being the
least that a kitten is sold for.
They are much more Intelligent than
other breeds. And they are more affec
tionate. You should see the way Rowdy
springs to my. arms the minute I open
her door! She noses me over, purring
like a bullfrog the while. They • have
hoarse voices: Uialr mows sound like
grcans. . '.,
There are very few of these Siamese
cats on the coaat. It would not be worth
any one's while to try raising them un
less he had plenty of time* to give to keep
ing them warm, for they require constant
attention. Angoras can endure far more.
The Siamese look like pug dogs. Their
hair is short \ and fawn-colored, their
fac$3 black. Their bodies are solid, heavy,
like a pug's. Many, people will tell you
that the 'Angoras are prettier with . their
TO FORETELL DURATION OF LIFE BY X-RAYS
SS It possible to foretell the duration of
a man's life?
In j spite of certain preposterous
numbcr of years that any person will live.
It has long been admitted, as one of the
first and Indisputable conditions of lon-
wns resircely able to breathe; he was as
thin as a skeleton, and very often h!»
Iwart caused to beat. Yet this extraonll-
claims put forward from time to time
by clairvoyants and other so-called seers,
scientists have always maintained that
this question can only be answered in the
negative and that we can hardly expect to
obtain more light on the subject than Is
furnished by Flourens, the statistician,
who after years of labor discovered that
the average duration of life in Europe" is
from thirty-six to forty years, that the
ordinary duration is sixty-nve years and
that the abnormal duration is 125
years.
Now, however, a German savant Insists
that barring accidents, the exact duration
of any person's life can be determined by
means of the X rays. This savant is Herr
Rlchter, who is well known by his experi
ments with these rays, and by his works
on radiography, and his novel method of
determining the duration of life Is fully
explained in a paper by. him, which was
read the other day at the Imperial Col
lege of Berlin.
Herr Rlchter simply claims that an ex
amination of the principal organs cf tho
body by means of X-rays will show the
So there Is profit In the business. .But
nobody need fancy that It Is an easily
won profit. TTou remember what I said
about catteries and orphan asylums.
A cat's life saved means at the least $13
saved. Here in San Francisco the young
est female kitten brings $10. Males sell
for 515. From these prices they range up
ward, according to age, pedigree and.
points.
I give medicine in capsules or with &
medicine* dropper. In giving a capsule It
Is easiest to hold pussy by the nape of
her neck, and presto! the pill Is down be
fore she has begun to struggle.
After all is said and done, there will b«
occasional sicknesses.* Distemper and
pneumonia are the most to be dreaded.
Some claim that tho latter is necessarily
fatal, but my husband and I brought ono
cat through It. We took turns sitting up
nights for almost a week. The poor little
thing's chin had to be propped up on a
pillow, otherwise It could not draw
breath. It was the most grateful invalid
I ever saw;, its gratitude alone would
have paid for all the trouble we took.
Good food is only one essential to good
health. Cleanliness Is another. Once a
week the houses are thoroughly washed
out with "water and oil of tar and clean
straw Is put into the beds. The cats must
have occasional Waths themselves. They
den't like water, to be sure. They much
prefer a bath after their own fashion to
the most Improved Turkish, but they hava
to put up with a brief discomfort for the
sake of cleanliness. And if the shampoo
is given gently by one whom they know
they are not badly frightened, although
they may be a bit cross. Dog soap and
warm water makes the most satisfactory
bath*. Rinse out the fur, rub the cat with
hot towels, wrap her In a blanket and lay
her in the sun or by a fire. She is soon as
contented as any beauty after her mas
eage and dainty grooming.
Fleas are an enemy that must be fought
constantly, and the best efforts scarcely
keep them .away. Various powders may
be sprinkled 'through the fur. The stings
of the insects are not only disagreeable
but even dangerous to young kittens.
always within.reach of the cats. Another
little favor fcr which they are grateful Is
growing wheat In their cages. They lova
to nibble it, and It keeps their digestion in
good order. Oats. gras3, catnip and um
brella plants are said to be useful in tho
same way.
long silky fur. It'is a case of brains ver
sus beauty. - ¦
The kennel business for the day begins
with S o'clock breakfast. This consists of
a big dish of mush and milk for each
member of my family. The cuta no more
think of eating from one dish' than would
your own family in the dinir.g-room. In
the apartments are feeding shelves,- one
for each cat, and the animals know their
own, and. never think i uf disturbing ! an
other's.
The older cats have such husky appe
tites that I add a little boiled liver or soup
to their breakfast. In this climate they
can eat more meat without resultant fits
than they can in a warmer place, but no
where should kittens be fed heartily.
• The noon meal Is a simple lunch of milk.
I follow city custom and serve dinner lato
—5 o'clock is the dinner hour— and the pets
never let me forget it. Their appetites
keep as perfect time as a Swiss watch.
Sharp at 5. a mewing is set up, and If I
am as much as a minute late I am greeted
by importunate cries and scratchlngs on
the doors. When they see me coming
they run to their shelves and await their
turrs.
Th« dinner consists of two dishes. One
is raw round of beef cut fine. I give two
tablespoonfuls of this to each grown cat.
The other dish is a. cooked mixture of
meat, vegetables and rice, and two table
spoonfuls of this; too, is the rule. Mut
ton, beef, liver or. heart may be used.
Whatever the meat, I put it through the
chopping'machine.
To kittens* that have been weaned but
are not yet old enough to attempt "high
living" I often give rice that has been
boiled in meat juice.
Half an hour after dinner a dish of milk
that has, been brought tothe boiling point
serves as. a nightcap, and then the cats'
sleepy time arrives.
The bnce-a-week fish and rice dinner Is
regarded-' as a special treat, and still
greater an event is Sunday's dessert. This
is an old-fashioned English pudding made
by the following recipe:
Four' tablespoons raw rice, .i -
~-Four quarts milk. '.*.'
Sugar to taste.
Cook in a slow oven. four hours.
, It is a good enough Sunday pudding for
anybody.' I might as well confess that I
can't resist tasting It myself before I
serve It for pussies' dinner.
Bo sure to have fresh drinking .water
At present I have two mothers with
their litters in the nursery. Dark nests
are what they prefer, so I provide them.
Here the babies are born and reared until
six weeks old. when I wean them. The
litters sometimes contain as many. as five,
but they average fewer thau those of
common cats.
The Angora babies are funny little
chubby things* fuzzy and white with tails
wedge-shaped'. They are as noisy : and
hungry and happy as other kittens, not
being at all oppressed by the family tree
bequeathed to them, upon their entrance
Into this world.
My pair of Siamese cats have the other
Besides the back yard buildings I have
devoted two rooms In the basement of my
house to the cats. One of these is the
nursery, the other the home of my
Siamese cats, and both must be kept
warm.
All the cages are provided with shelves
and stands for cat gymnastics. The ani
mals climb and swing and Jump for their
daily sport, and they are very fond of
perching on the bars. Don't you know
how other cats always seek a fence rail
to sit upon? Angoras are not different
in their Instincts.
There Isn't one of all my family more
lively than Duchess, so Just now I am
keeping her and her husband in the run,
for she can appreciate its privileges. It
gives her room to scamper . and that is
what she likes. She frolics and climbs
all day long.
I put my hand on the latch and she is
watching me. I push back the do6"r and
out she glides, as slippery as an eel when
I make a clutch at her. Only a few,long
white hairs are in my hand, and there
ehe goes, - prancing and purring. Her.
purrs sovsd to me like triumphant
chuckles as I chase her.
You might think that she la only wel<
coming me with her purrs and her mew:
and the waves of her tail. But those oper
blue eyes are more crafty- than they look.
or a room. They are paired for breeding
purposes. It takes a great deal of vigi
lance to keep them where they belong,
for they love to slip through doors whea
I open them. There is Duchess, for In
stance. She Is a treasure; white and
fluffy with round blue eyes and a tall likt
a feather boa.
"Me-ow," ehe says In her cheerful lit
tle voice when she sees me coming.
"Me-ow," a little louder as I unlatch
the door.
*p$ FAMILY of Angora cats Is more
/Z-A\ care tSaa an orphan asylum- Th«
il V responsibility is much greater, a
cynic would tell you, for Angora
cars bring- a higher price In the market
just now than orphans. It means a mat
ter of IjO, perhaps, whether one of your
cats come out alive from an attack of
pneumonia. Whereas, an orphan more or
less
However, while the cat fad lasts some
b->dy must shoulder the responsibility.
The fad Is rampant in the East now and
has already taken hold upon Nob Hill
and Van Ness avenue. The Angora cat,
with a pedigree as long as her plumy
tail, brings a neat little sum of $30, J10
or $S9. So the cat lover with an eye to
bank accounts may els well take ad
vartage cf the fashion and set up a cat
tery for proht.
When I say eat lover I mean It. No
body else can be successful In the busi
ness. The pussies demand all the sym
pathy that a baby does, and only that
sympathy makes the care of them endur
able. If I didn't love every ono of my
charges individually I ehould never have
the patience to sit up" nights with them
when they are 111, to teach and play with
them when thry are well. They are more
trouble than babies. They must be fed
ar.d bathed and warmed and petted and
nursed, and they never grow up, as babies
<3o. er.ousrb to attend to any of these
thirds for themselx'es. My family of
thirty would turn anybody's hair gray.
The building of your cattery must be
cs carefully planned as the building of
your house. I have given up my entire
bock yard to the houses, cages and run
where my family of pets spend their days.
The more space they can have, the bet
ter, for they were born with a love of
roaming: and it is a cruelty to cramp
them.
Down the middle of my yard the little
houses are built— or rather, Che long house
*jb divided Into apartments Ilk© a hotel.
Each apartment has a door and two win
dows, and Is furnished with a bed of
straw. Here the cats sleep at night and
resort in rainy weather. At other times
they are to be found In the cages of large
tneshed wire screen at one tide of the
houses, or in the run which extends down
the other side. Both cages and run are
inclosed and roofed by the screen, 80 the
accupants are as happy as they would be
tntirely out-cf-doora.
Only ere or two cats are kept in a cars
THE SUNDAY CALL. \
at birth that the doctors unanimously de
cided he could not .live. \ His ch^t. cay»
en old chronicler, was so narrow that ha
11
How To Raise and
Care For CatsNEW FROM OF GOVERNMENT
IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
misdemeanor must be brought up and set
tled at a general meeting by the pupils
themselves. *t .--
Some three months after the dlschargo
of the first drill master, who remained
two months, an energetic young sergeant
on leave of absence from Manila drilled
the officers for two weeks, giving them
row work, . such as "right and left flank"
and marching In twos and -fours. Tills
work the officers grave, to their companies
during five, minutes of the morning re
cess. That Is. all the time ever taken up
withi drill. ' * .
man and presents It before th» n«TOS%
The offender Is asked to rise, by th«
chairman, who conducts all Inquiries, and
is asked It the charge be true. At no
time has there been any attempt at de
nial. He Is asked If ho was. conscious of
breaking one of hi3 own laws at the time,
and if it be apparent to the house that
he is penitent he receives a' rebuke for his
thounntlessness or carelessness and sink*
Into his seat, feellrj? very uncomfortable,
Should th© offense be repeated a com
mittee 1» appointed to wait upon him and
make plain to him hl3 error, but In case)
much power tAe officers should possess
and how Just they were In their power be
came a subject for dally thought.
The lines formed almost Instantly at the
first peal of the schoolbell. : officers being
3 charge, but many cases of insubordina
tion occurred.
A . constant rarnsrvtelon ou the part of
the principal developed the fact that som^c
thing was stffl wrong. ' BhV decided'; that
- ... - • .. . -. . * . . . • ..- ; ¦»
decided on a military platform, for a mil
itary order meant one thing only—Implicit
obedience. Knowing- little of military tac
tics she engaged a drtllmaster, one who
had eerved In the regular army, and he
The eye* of thesa under command were
to be placed on the speaker, regardless O f
any other attraction.
This accomplished the subsequent lev
ions of "fall inV "dressl- "right, i«ft and
The United States naval station at New
port has been testing the efficiency of the
searchlight as a dtsorganizer of crews.
The experiments were made with the
crews of the torpedo-boats Harris. Craven
and Rodgers. When the searchlights were
thrown on the crews it completely blinded
them, rendering them so helptess that not
on* erf the members of the three crew»
to ahlo to assist to worktns bla boat.
** 'Cause it's no fun to be bad any more.
The children used to think It was fun lo
break rules, but now they don't like- any
body that d*oes it. They say it spoils
everything. So- 1 have to be good, just to
be popular."
""What made you change?"
"I'm awful good In school now," a
fourth-grader told her mother yesterday.
The trustees assist the principal tn
every way, the cleric often giving some
special drill In meeting work. All Is har
mony among teachers, trustees and
pupils.
month.
The school has bean conducted on this
plan for over a year and improves each
After a general meeting has adjourned
both majors take entire charge of tbo pn
pils, lining them'up and dismissing them,
without a word being jpoken save in com
mand.
The children stand erect, carry them
selves well, not one of them being round
shouldered. The assistant teachers ar«
relieved of all discipline, save that occur
ring In classrooms. No spying is neces
sary, as the children fear each other only.
ot a third misdemeanor, wntch, by thm
way, has never occurred, the mother o#
father is requested to tw* present at a spe
cial meeting and assist at the reform.
Wh«n a law hai been broken tha en*
bxtnsin*. tha chax*» • addreesea the cbate-
The captain of Company- a la business
manager, while the captain of Company
B Is called the brains of the assembly, as
he draws. up all the r diagrams and plans
for any' new formation.
The best chairman on the boys' aide is
a little fellow, first lieutenant of Company
A, which, by the way, Is the crack com
pany, promotions being made from Com
pany C to- Company B. and thence to
Company A, as merit Is shown. When he
appears, gavel In hand, he holds the house
strictly . to business.
'At the beginning of the present term a
young graduate from one of the military
academies of the East called to see about
entering somo little cousins at school. The
drilling of the boys attracted his atten
tion and he volunteered to take them in
charge for two weeks.- Ho suggested
three companies on each side. The idea
was adopted, and he taught them how to
form m. battalion, which necessitated the
election of a sergeant major and adjutant
on each side. % - -
This major was presented at one of the
general meetings with a sword that was
carried by a major through one of the
Indian wars and is an object of much ven
eration to -all. - .
The suggestion on trie part or tms
young soldier that the children elect a
major met with hearty approval, and a
major was. elected on each side, one for
the boys, another for the girls*
.These officers are' dearly bejoved by 'all
the pupils. The major of the boys is only
13, but he has enough self-control to im
part to his officers. He was telling a lit
tle bunch of them the other day that the
only way to control your men Is to con
trol yourself first.
into the rank* ' of prrratea. • :
It vr*a further decided that all cues- of
ous with the men, were elected, and -the
others accepted the reproof, tailing ¦ back
former, ' who bad been gentle and courte-
self-government should be established.
,The officers were, In reality but. a form
of the old- time monitor and the system of
reporting often led to misunderstandings.
A general meeting of all the school. In-,
eluding theTeceivIng classes, teachers and
Janitor, was called, and the school was or
ganized for self-government. A chairman
and secretary, were elected, and It was de
cided that the pupils, one and all, should
come prepared at tiie next meeting to elect
their officers. The Importance of selectr
Ing good, faithful men (for ail came under
that title, even the six-year-old privates)
was explained to them, &nd the necessity
of supporting them, once voted for, was
Btrongly impressed on their minds. It was
a practical lesson In civil government.
The children' were not .influenced in their
selection, and when the important day ar
rived, nearly three hundred, sat on
benches, facing the platform, on which
were seated a twelve-y«ar-old boy chair
man and a twelve-year-old boy secretary.
At this first meeting, the girls allowed the
boys to handle matters.
Ths chairman had received instructions
as to : his methods * of procedure. More- '•
over, he was armed with a copy of Rob
erts''"Rules of Order," * a copy of "Mili
tary Tactics . of 1899,','. and ; a copy of the
Btate School Law. He was a very formid
able' small boy.; The principal sat near,
ready ' to assist . in any emergency, . bin
gave the entire school over to the chair
man, and so well did he officiate that
within thirty minutes, : the originally ap
pointed officers were dismissed and the
choice of the 'school elected. Some of tha
"Company, attention^"
"Count fours!"
"Carry arms!"
"Fours right I"
YOU don't have to go to the Presidio
to hear ajl this. Tou don't have to
find a place where blue-coated men
namp»<! with the i>eal of Uncle
Sam's initials are presenting arms an3
right-facing. A school full of Alamctia
County youngsters Is doing- the same
tWrjr.
The principal, Mrs. K. B. Scheuch, find
ing the need of ?ome basis on which to
Jay tht plans for better general discipline.
gave two Iessocs a week — one to the boys,
another to the girls.
The first lesson was In the order, "At
tention!" No one who has never taught
school has any idea of the difficulty of
this. At first the attention given was a
half-hearted kind of thing that gave one
eye and car to the instructor, the others
being left open to any attractive bit of
news, such as the entrance of a dog or
the sneaking of an apple from desk to
desk. After dwhile it became flrtnly fixed
In every young- mind In that school that
"Attention:" ¦ was one short, decisive
word, from which there was no aDneal/
THE SUNDAY CALL.. *
12PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 9.
ANXIETY REGARDING
THE QUEEN'S HEALTH
Has Failed Rapidly Since Hearing of Empress
Frederick's Illness.
Irish Leader Is Alive.
Yellow Journals Again Using Rumor That
PARNELL-DEWET FAKE
REVIVED ONCE MORE
HER MAJESTY VICTORIA. QUEEN OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND
AXD EMPRESS OF INDIA, WHOSE FAILING HEALTH IS AGAIN
CAUSING CONSIDERABLE ANXIETY.
WrNDSOR, Eng., Dec. 3.— Much
anxiety again prevails In court
circles respecting the Queen's
health. She has broken up no
ticeably since she was in
formed that the Empress Frederick was
suffering from cancer of the throat and
cannot live many months. Queen Victo
ria, who invariably eats and sleeps well,
has now lost fcer appetite and p: ises
sleepless nights. For years she never |
missed her morning ride in a donkey
chaise around the priva.e gardens until
the last couple of weeks, when this was
forbidden by her doctor, who ordered her
Instead to drive through the park In a
dosed carriage.
Sunday last the Queen kept her room
as the fact that he was 'still alive could
no longer injuriously affect the destinies
of Erin.
It Is asserted that the coffin purporting
to contain tho body, contains- nothing but
a mere lay figure, or sand, and that after
shaving off his beard he made his escape
in the disguise of a priest.
By those who have seen both Parnell
and Dewet it is asserted, as is undoubted
ly the fact, that there is a great physical
resemblance and likewise similarity of
manner between the two men while it
cannot be denied that they have In com
mon ¦ a ' peculiar fondness for investing
their movements with the most profound
and impenetrable mystery.
The utter ridiculousness of this story is
almost too palpable for consideration.
LONDON. Dec. 8.— The silliest "sea- I
son "of "which" London was ever
' the victim was never guilty of
¦ such | a . silly story as that . the
. - yellow correspondents of .the yel
low Journals of ' the United States have
been hammering at for weeks. It Is a
sensational effort to make people believe
that the Boer general Dewet is the dead
Charles Stewart Parnell, resurrected, they
state not how, to wreak vengeance on
per fide Albion.
According to this story, which Is utterly
impossible. Parnell, realizing that his ex
istence after .the scandal- in connection
with the O'Shea" divorce case would con
stitute a source of weakness to the cause
of his beloved country, resolved to disap
pear either, forever or^untll such a time
.LOS ANGELES, Dec. 8.— A special to
the Herald from Washington says: Plans
for the reception^ of President McKlnley
upon his .Western trip have been put
under way by Calif ornians. Mr. McKin
ley's definite statement yesterday that he
would ; make the > trip has stirred .tticSh
to prompt action. .
; The President * will go to California, as
a$ present planned," late In 'April or early
in'May.'.He Is assured by Henry T. Scott
of [the Union Iron Works that the battle
ship Ohio" will be ready for launching by
that time. 1 The trip will be made by the
southern route," '.with stops at NewOr-
Mrs. McKlnley.'will touch the button
which will cause the battleship Ohio to
slide Into the water, and. i'the» vessel will
be named by Mrs. Babcock; a' daughter
of Governor Nash- ot-'Ohlo. The Ohio
party may not accompany the President,
but proceed direct to San Francisco.
leans. and possibly Galveston on the way.
The California reception committee, which
probably, will "be. -named • -by * Governor
,Gage, will meet the President's special at
the Colorado River and escort the chief
executive to Los Angeles.- Two 'days are
to^fce spent there under. plans to be made
by a committee of citizens, and" then the
party will continue to San Francisco.
Reception Committee Will Meet His Special
Tcain at the Colorado River. ¦
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S
CALIFORNIA ITINERARY
WALLACE CAPEN FILES
SUIT FOB DIVORCE
Wealthy St. Louis Man. Claims His
Wife Has Hade His Life
Intolerable.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 8. — A social sensation
was sprung to-day when "Wallace Capen
filed a suit for divorce from Florenca
Capen. who was, before her marriage.
Miss Florence Lucas, daughter of Robert
Lucas of Normandy, St. Louis County.
The general allegation is that the defend
ant has subjected plaintiff to Indignities
which have made his life during the past
year Intolerable. Only one specific of
fense Is named, that of flirting with a
young man at Faust's restaurant on a
certain date in September.
Mrs. Capen is the second daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Robert J. Lucas of Nor
mandy, one of the oldest and most aris
tocratic families in St. Louis County.
Miss Lucas at one time was engaged to a
young man named Guerin of Columbus,
Ohio. Their engagement was broken
because the prospective bridegroom in
stituted Inquiries through a financial
agency into the" wealth of Miss Lucas'
father. After that Miss Lucas spent sora«
time In California, and not long after her,
return the marriage to Mr. Capen wa«
solemnized. Mr. Capen^s a son of th«
late George Capen. at one time president
of the Linden Railway Company.
JAPANESE LEGATION
ATTACHE ENDS HIS LLFB
Osakai Throws Himself From a Win-
dow in Paris and Dies Within
an Hour.
PARIS, Dec. S. — Osakai, secretary of th«
Japanese legation here, committed sui
cide to-day. Mysterious circumstances
surround the case. At 9 o'clock this morn-
Ing he. threw himself from the window of
his. room In the Luxembourg HoteL H»
was found upon the pavement by a
passerby .with his 3kull fractured and hi*
arm broken and died an hour later. H«
was about to return to Yokohama, where
his father resides. He was 33 years oU
and was held In high esteem In dlplomatla
circles. The cause of his suicide has not
been explained.
THE GREAT BOER LEADER AND THE DEAD HERO OF THE HOME
RULE MOVEMENT. THE : RESEMBLANCE IS STRIKING ENOUGH
,' TO TEMPT YELLOW JOURNALISTS. "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8. -Joseph B. Starck.
a trick bicycle rider. In his "ride for life."
dived to death in the armory of tha
Twenty-second Regiment this afternoon.
For a moment after the thrilllnj? dive wa.«
accomplished deadly silence reigned in tha
great drl'.lroom and then, as the enor
mous crowd began to realize something
not on the programme had happened thera
followed a wild scene of confusion, panic
and excitement.
The Twenty-second Regiment armory
was comfortably crowded for a matinje
of "The Old Fashioned Country Circus."
On the bill was a "ride for life" by Jo
seph B. Starck, described as a ride on a
bicycle down an incline plane of 200 feet
from the roof to the center of the hall
and then a dive from the bicycle to a tank
Of water seventy-five feet below. Tha
tank is about fifteen feet square, contain
ing water three feet six inches deep.
Promptly at half-past 4 Starck climbei
up the ladder to the platform, whera his
bicycle had already been placed. Ther*»
he stood for a moment, then waving his
hand to the assembly below, leaped into
the saddle and. grasping the handle-bar:*
tightly, seemed to shoot down the In
cline, s
The spectators, clos&ly watching him.
; were almost breathlessly silent aa they
saw the young athlete leave his wheel
with hands clasped ever his head and
shoot through space In a direct line for
the tank. As Starck'3 body shot into tha
tank and the water splashed over Its
sides there was a sigh of relief, followe.1
a second later by a scream, as a soucd
was heard like the blow of a heavy body
against a hard substance.
- Starck did not rise anil a rush was made
toward the tank. Roundsman McNought
realized that something had happened and
was first" to look into the water. At the
bottom was Starck's botLy. There was ho
sign of life and McXought quickly climbed
over the side and, lifting the body, passed
it to those who had gathered about tha
tank.- r/ : . .' ; V n
Starck had probably miscalculated the
distance and struck directly on his head.
The body was unmarked except by a
slight bruise under the left eye.*
It was learned later that Starck had
Just returned from his sweetheart's
funeral and his friends believe his diva
to death was Intentional.
ral Just Before the Thrilling,
Fatal Act .
Returns From His Sweetheart's Fune-
SAID TO BE DELIBERATE SUICIDE
Joseph B. StarcK, a Trick
Bicycle Rider, Strikes
on His Head.
Tragic Termination
of a "Ride lor
Life."
ATHLETE
DIVES TO
HIS DEATH
KITTLE INTEREST TAKEN
Hf NICABAGTJAN CANAJ
Uritlsh Government Has M"ot Indi
cated Willingness to Accept
Amended Treaty.
IJONDON. Dec 8.— The Nlcaraguan
car.al creates only mild interest in Eng
land. The long cable dispatches dealing
with the probable action of the United
Eftates Benate In Its deliberations are read
fcy the general public with comparatively
little Interest and less understanding. The
report that the British Government has
in any way indicated its willingness to
accept the amended treaty is utterly
false. In fact, the indications, such as
they are, point to Great Britain refusing
to consider any amendment to what the
Foreign Office already believes to be a
g-enerous concession.
To quote a high authority: "We would
rot have abrogated the. Clayton-Bulwer
treaty for any other nation in the world.
Unless all the traditions of British for
eign policy are reversed. I fail to see how
we can afford to giveaway any more ad
vantages, even to America."
No official representation of Inquiries
has been made to the Foreign Office,
where it la pointed out It is im
possible to form any final Judg
ment until the Benate acta. That
v.-ar, cr even a Bcrious misunderstanding
could ever 'result from such a cause, re
ceives no official or public credence.
t 1 Woodland Bazaar Closes.
V.'OODLAN'D. Dec 8.— The church ba
zaar Instituted on Friday by the ladies of
the Baptist church closed this evening. It
*as an extraordinary success.
ZiOXDOy. Dec S — Tnough the trod**
between Holland end Portugal can scaxce
ly result in war. it is far more serious
bjtjO. interesting than generally regarded
here. Great Britain Is concerned In the
affair more deeply than appears on the
surface, for It Is learned that It Is due to
a British protest to Portugal that the
exequatur of Herr Pott, the Dutch Consul
j- Lorenzo Marques, was withdrawn, and
¦L? visit of the British fleet to Portuguese
waters is something more than a coinci
dence. Tho Lisbon press frankly declares
it was intended as a warning demonstra
tion to other nation* to keep their hands
eff Portugal.
The British officials also do not hesitate
to admit their Government's readiness to
back up the action which Portugal took
at Its request. Hence Holland can do lit
tle more than gracefully make the best
cf a bad job unless she receive* the sup
port of some of the great powers, which
ts a very remote contingency.
The ¦withdrawal of the Netherlands Min
ister at Lisbon and the Portuguese Minis
ter ax The Hague, though officially belit
tled, Is the sequence of serious friction,
the details of which were known to the
British Secretary of State for Foreign
Affairs, the iiaxquls of L«ensdowne, some
weeks ago. The unusual action of send
ing- the whole British channel pquadron
to Lisbon is regarded by those who have
Inside Information as being one of the
boldest and most successful etrokes of ag
gressive diplomacy In recent history. With
Great Britain ehowlng such a strong hand
the absent Ministers are likely to return
• their posts shortly and the Incident will
probably only produce an effective Illus
tration of the fact that an alliance exists
between Portugal and Great Britain. It
was effected when the question of landing
South African troops at Beira, Portuguese
South Africa, came up, and was an
nounced at the time In these dispatches.
In this connection it Is interesting to note
that the French press regards the whole
tffalr as a fresh menace to Franc*, and
that tne Spanish papers interpret it sim
ilarly as regards their own country.
EOYAL PORTUGUESE RECEIVED
King, Queen, Prince and Dignitaries
Visit the British Admiral.
LISBON, Dec S.— King Charles DZ.
Queen Marie Axnelle and Prince Royal
Louis Philippe, accompanied by the mem
bers of the Cabinet and other dignitaries,
¦were entertained at luncheon on board
the British battleship Majestic by Vice
Admiral Bir Harry Holdsworth Eaweon
to-day. The Portuguese hymn was sung:
r.r.d Admiral Rawson proposed a toast to
the royal family. The King replied In
English, thanking Admiral Rawson for
the sentiments he had expressed. The
royal visitors remained aboard the battle
th'.p three hours and later assisted at an
entertainment at the British legation.
Netherlands Can tart Yield to John
Boll's Most Aggressive Stroke
cf Diplomacy.
JTCH GOVERNMENT POWERLESS
Powers So Warned
Dy Great Brit
ain's Fleet,
controversy With Holland
Due to the Stand oi
England.
MUST KEEP
HANDS OFF
PORTUGAL
Continued on Page Fifteen •'
Mrs. McLean Ill.
.WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— Mrs. ¦Washing
ton McLean, mother ."of John 1 R. McLean,
proprietor of the Cincinnati Enquirer, and
of J Mrs. Dewey, wif e > of Admiral Dewey,
Is' seriously. 111 of heart complications ¦ at
her. home here. The attending, physicians
have little hope of Kfc* recovery.
IHnner to Naval. Officers.
.CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec 8.— The Rus
sian naval attache here gave a dinner to
night in honor of the officers of the United
States battleship Kentucky, now at Smyr
na. Many distinguished - persons were
present , ......
HAWAIIANS: i OBJECT
TO IMPORTED LEPERS
San Francisco. Health- Board Causti
i:"cally Criticized^by the,Hono- ;
'¦¦> . . lulu Press.'
j HONOLULU, H. T., Nov.' 30.— The land-
Ing' of aTle^^|ro^to^tttncteTO; from
the steamship' China" last has
aroused a storm^of _ -public . indignation
against the San Francisco .Board of
Health", which is said to have been the
cause of his coming here. The.' leper ; Is
George Pratt," who, has had \ the disease"
for over thirty years and has been in the
San Francisco Pesthouse. .'-"¦:
| Pratt announced himself as ; a, leper. 'as;
soon ; as! he got ashore here,- stating that
he wanted to. be sent tothe settlement at
Molokai. He wasarrested and examined,
found ttrbe a leper and he will ; be sent
back to San - Francisco on the same
steamship that brought him' unless such
action Is forbidden by the Federal author
ities. ..'•-••¦ ,, : "•- -'' '.;;'¦:''¦ ; ' :
Pratt says that he came, to Hawaii with
the full knowledge- of Dr. Morrissey and
Dr. O'Brien of the Board of Health of San
Francisco and that both the latter actu-.
ally advised him to come. This is referred
to in a local paper as "one of the mean*
est; dirtiest deals ever attempted by < one
city upon, another." The local Board of
Health. Chamber of Commerce and 'Fed
eral quarantine officers are united In the
determination ; to ¦ do everything/ possible
to send Pratt backhand to see .that no
more lepers are shipped ; here.
" Local , press" comments on their alleged
action* would;make very 'Interesting' rea«I-
ing for 'the San doctors. \ "Let
the San .Francisco authorities go about
their duties In a more open and manly
spirit," says' the Republican. The Star
says that , to "do* what it Is charged with
doing shows ..the San Franciseo board to
be without honor or honesty.
. .Pratt Is. now confined In the KaJlhi de
tention campT where he will be kept until
the China returns from the Orient, or, if
necessary. uhtil"an appeal has been made
to'. "Washington. - He landed at • first with
the statement that r.e was from New
Orleans. v<: '- - - - '
NEGRO LYNCHED TAND
RIDDLED WITH BULLETS
Mob Wreaks Vengeance ; on Bud
. : v Bulus, Accused of Wounding
a Georgia Woman.
; -ROME, Ga., Dec. 3.— The negro who yes
terday assaulted and fatally wounded
Mrs. Joseph White, the wife of a farmer
living " twelve . miles from Rome, was
caught and : lynched .near here: to-day.
Mrs. /White is not expected to recover.
The negro's name was Bud Rufus. He
was taken, from the county officers about
midnight and hurried to the home of Mrs.
White,, who,, though In a semi-conscious
condition, nodded that he was the"man.
The- negro i was then, hanged 'from a rail
road and with bullets. A
placard Inscribed, "A Warning to All
Negroes." was - pinned • to his clothing.
Rufus denied having committed the crime.
Agreement With Indians.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— The Secretary
of I the Interior has sent to the House an
agreement with' the Klamath. Indians re
linquishing their reservation in Oregon.
CHICAGO. Dec7l— Six hundred tele- 1
graph operators on the lines of the Atchi
son, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad struck
to-day In sympathy with the operators on
the Golf, Colorado and Santa Fe Railroad,
a branch of 'the Atchison system, who
went out late ) Thursday. The foregoing
statement is according to. the best infor
mation obtainable from the company's of
ficials to-nlght. ''¦^¦'4,.
The entire number of operators on the
system is 1200, of whom 900 are said to be
union men. Of the 900 members of the
union 300 It Is stated refused to * strike,
leaving the system with about one-half of
Its men at work.
The officials of the road declare that un
der no circumstances will they yield to the
strikers, and that none of them will ever
again work for the company in any capac
ity.
The operators on the main lines of the
Atcbison system - demanded some weeks
ago an increase In pay and some changes
in rules. The negotiations with the com
pany had reached an acute stage when
the company conceded the demands of the
men and the trouble was averted. The
new order of things diL not prevail on the
Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe, and the op
erators there demanded an Increase of
pay, amounting it is stated to approxi
mately $100 per annum for each man, and
alterations In the rules whereby men were
compelled to ect as telegraph operators
and station agents also. The demand was
refused and the men went out.- To-night
the men on the main system went out in
sympathy.
The strike at this end of the line did not
take effect until 4:30 this afternoon, and
to-night, despite the scarcity of operators,
all trains pulled out ior the West on
schedule time.
As eoon as the "company knew of the
trouble it was compelled to face word was
sent along (he lines to set the danger sig
nal at all switches, and ahead of all pas
senger trains a pilot was Bent out, the
crew looking after all switches and set
ting the proper signals for the trains be
hind. ;
It was announced to-night at the offices
of the company that trains would continue
to be run In this way. and that In
gtretcb.es of territory where there were
no operators the trains would be run on
schedule time, the engineer regulating his
speed by. the time card.
SERVICE BADLY CRIPPLED.
Fruit Shippers.
Strike Affects the Southern California
j LOS ANGELES, Dec. 8.— The strike of
SantaFe telegraphers in this city has had
no perceptible effect on the running of
trains, though reports. from points along
the line show that the train service is
badly, crippled. A' dispatch to the Herald
from • San - Bernardino says that orders
have been received there to • close the
shops, throwlng»325 men out of work.
Fruit shippers are greatly concerned,
for' an average of 100 cars of fruit a day
have been forwarded from there over the
Santa Fe, and already the sidings are
crowded with cars. Many shippers are
sending by the Southern Pacific.
Santa Fe officials say that only five men
went out "in .this city and their places
were filled Immediately. The operators
claim that every union man , but one
obeyed the strike order. ' The telegraphers
met this afternoon and prepared a state
ment, saying In part: " ' 'Z Y ''.-•
"It is an absolute fact that many of the
telegraphers on the Gulf, C.olorado and
Santa Fe are frequently required to be on
duly ¦ twenty-four hours, and not a mo
ment of the twenty-four, hours are they
allowed to call their own. They are sub
ject to call at any time. They are not al
lowed to leave the premises of the rail
road company without permission or a re
lief These men are asking for eight
hours' rest, not subject to call, out of
twenty-four. . ¦..--¦ . • ¦ . ¦ ; ¦
"The Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe com
mittee , ha« been . trjrjng .unsuccessfully
"We, the telegraphers of the Santa Fe
system, that are under the ".direction of
General Manager Nevin, feel that while
we are being treated all right,, the con
ditions under which we are working are
altogether different from those which ex
ist on the Gulf. Colorado and Santa Fe
branch. This branch being a part of the-
Santa Fe system, Division No. 23 of the
Order of Railroad Telegraphers, a blow
struck at any portion of this division af
fects the entire body constituting the di
vision. .
Men Leave Their Keys at Nearly All Points
and Declare They Will Fight to a Finish.
TELEGRAPHERS' STRIKE
TIES UP THE SANTA FE
the. entire day, a thing she has not .been
known to do for years, and the report
goes at the castle that she said she would
not be surprised * to hear of the death, of
Empress Frederick any <*ay, as the doc
tors were afraid to perform an operation.
It Is also whispered that her Majesty
falls into a doze at meal times, and the
other day when putting on a brave front
and pretending to review the colonial vol
unteeers she fell fast asleep In her car
riage. The windows were shut and she
was rapidly driven home.
A belief undoubtedly prevails among
those around her that the Queen is fall
ing.
The papers in London assert that the
Queen Is in her usual health, but the fore
going are the facts.
LONDON, Dec. 8.^The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Gen
eral Kitchener at Bloemfontein, dated De
cember 8:
"I have just received news from Knox
at Rouxville that Dewet's force, having
failed to force Coomassie bridge, which
we held, has trekked northeast, abandon
ing 500 hprses and many carts. His at
tempt on Cape Colony, therefore, has
failed. He is being pressed on all sides."
A special from Allwal North. Cape Col
ony, dated Friday, says General' Dewet '
appears to be In a most dangerous posi
tion and to need all his strategy to extri
cate his force. With strong British col
umns on three sides and two swollen riv
ers barring his front, the British com
manders begin to be hopeful that the
great chase by four columns, which has
boen one of the most exciting incidents of
the war, will result In the capture of De
wet. Definite news of his whereabouts
was first received December 2. The next
morning General Kno* started in hot pur
suit and PUcher's and Herbert's -columns
were' detached to m£ke a turning.move
ment. After three hours* march. Gen
eral Knbx learned that during the night
Dewet had, doubled back past the British
right, necessitating a complete change of
plans. During the night of December 3,
General Knox encamped on the Carmcl
farm, the site of the Boer laager, which
had evidently been recently abandoned
and hurriedly moved. General Knox
started again at daylight,. hoping to cor
ner Dewet /while crossing Karrepoort
drift, but he arrived too late. The Brit
ish experienced very great difficulty In
following Dewet owing to the rise In the
river, but they succeeded in crossing with
out the loss of a man or a beast. From
that time on the pursuit of the Boers was
taken up -without baggage, the troops be
ing supplied by foragers, enabling them to
make more rapid movements and keep In
touch with the republicans.
A special from Cape Town says: Lord
Roberts arrived here to-day from Port
Elizabeth. He was accorded a splendid
reception. The Mayor. Councilors, the
citizens' committee and thousands of
sightseers met him at the docks and es
corted him to the Government House.
WILHELMINA GREETS KRTJGER
Former Transvaal President Received
by Holland's Queen.
THE HAGUE. Dec. 8.-Queen TVllhel
mina received Mr. Kruger in audience to
day. As the Boer statesman was travel
ing incognito the visit was not attended
by the ceremony usually paid to a chief
of stale. A court official proceeded to his
hotel and accompanied Mr. Kruger to the
royal palace in a state carriage. . Dr.
Leyds received Mr. Kruger at the door of
the palace, ' but was not, present at the
audience.
Mr. Kruger wore a black coat, over
which was a broad sash of the Transvaal
colors and the grand cross of the Nether
lands lion." Dr. Leyds wore a diplomatic
uniform. The visit lasted a quarter of an
hour. The Queen, the Queen's mother and
Mr. Kruger alone were present; The lat
ter thanked the, Queen for placing the
cruiser Gelderland at his disposal.
WISHES TO SEE SALISBURY.
Report That Kruger Seeks a Conf er-
ence With, the Premier.
LONDON. Dec. 9— A. special dispatch
from The Hague says.it is reported thai.
Mr. Kruger Is seeking to obtain a con
ference with Lord Salisbury. '
PARIS. Dec. 9.— The Echo de Paris cor
respondent at -The Ha£ue says: The
Queen said to Mr. Kruger, to-day: "Have
confidence In God, who will protect you
and yours. I will show my friendship
when the moment* arrives,, but v not now."
Gallant Boer Chief
Hotly Pursued By
British
Sorely Pressed on All Sides
He Abandons. Horses
and Carts.
?
KITCHENER'S MEN ARE ACTIVE
Trcops Engaged in the Lively Chase
Abandon Baggage and Travel at
a Rapid Gait.
DIET'S
RACE FOR
FREEDOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22 jCorn Is bo plentiful in the vicinity of
Chelsea, I. T., that the farmers are letting
It rot la the fields. Twenty cents a bushel
is airthey can get for Jt and they do not
K tWrjk,_that price jwsjox haryeatlag. "
Lumber Burned.
DtJLUTH, Minn., Doc. &.— Fire In the
lumber piles ot the Tower Lumber Com
pany at Tower, Minn., to-day did $30,000
dama«o». .^ i — *•---'•;--. — _^_
McCoy's Wedding Day.
LONDON, Dec. 8.— Kid McCoy said to
day that his marriage with Marguerite
Corneille would occur in Paris ; or New
York on Christmas. ¦
' A' splendid stock of specially designed
holiday gifts; burnt -wood; leather novel
ties. 072 McAllister. 'Olivia Kingslond.-*
Debts Inherited.'
It is the universal custom all over India
for a man whose monthly income Is per
haps $3 to spend as much as $300 on the
marriage of his daughter. , This sum he
borrows, from the local money lender, a
veritable - blood-sucker, whose, minimum
rate of Interest Is 24 r>er. cent,' which ' Is
only accorded to thoroughly.- well-to-do
people. .The ordinary peasant, small shoD
keeper or domestic servant pays one anna
per rupee per mensem in the way of Inter
est, - and as 1<$ annas .ro to the rupee It
wlll.be seen that this works out to i5 per
cent per annum. As a rule it is more than
the. borrower can do to pav. off this inter
est, and so the debt jroes on growing and
Is handed down from father to son, a ter
rible load which is never got rid of. New
York-Times. . / ¦• -¦¦> • . .-»•». *
DTJKE OF YORK WIIX
VISIT UNITED STATES
Intends Seeing Principal Cities on
Return Voyage From Aus
tralia.
Special Cable to Tho Call and New York Her
ald. Co^yritrht. 1900. by the Herald Pub
llshlncr Comrany. • -
LONDON, Dec. 8.— Lloyd's Weekly,
which claims to be well Informed,- says
that the Duke and Duchess of .York will
not only take in Canada on their . return
voyage from Australia, but will certainly
Visit the United, States. , .
The above is the London "World carica
turist's idea of the man now in command
of tho British forces in South Africa.
Cruelty, it is claimed, has been the domi
nant feature of IvOrd Kitchener's charac
ter with those who have essayed to an
alyze it. The artist in this case has fol
lowed the analysts. -
Publishing of Lottery Drawings.
Judge Cabanlss rendered his decision
yesterday in the case In which John
Barry was the defendant, and which was
instituted to test whether the publication
Music at the Park.
The Park Band will render the following
numbers to-day:
March. "Hail to tho Spirit of Uberty"
(Sousa); overture, "Semiramlde" (Rossini);
selection. "The Sinning Girl" (Herbert): "Rus
sian Peasant Dance" (A»cher); them-ea from
the "Bohemian Girl" (Balfe); overture, "Mig
non" (Thomas); "Dance of the Hours," from
"Gloconda" (Ponchlelli): "Benediction of t>%
Polgnards" (Meyerbeer); "In Darkest Africa"
(Souaa); "Rocky Mountain." two-step (Boa
sert). '¦!•¦ V \.
1506 Market Street.
This week, beginning to-morrow. 1301
pairs of men's calf, vlci kid. box calf,
kangaroo or seal shoes, worth $3 50,
every pair of them, for only Jl 65 a pair,
at the bankrupt shoe sale of the Califor
nia. 1506 Market street, near City Hall
avenue. '_. •
SHOOTS WITHOUT POWDER.
Centrifugal Force Sends Three Thou-
sand Shots a Minute.
Its Xewcastle-on-Tyne correspondent
Informs the London Times thet a machine
gun of a novel character has been invent
ed bv James Judge, a well known engineer
of Newcastle, who thus describes it: The
gun is a patent centrifugal quick-firing
machire gun; it is five feet high and
weighs about live hundredweight. It is
intended for battle-ship, earthworks and
garrison purposes. The motive power Is
electricity, transmitted to- a motor at
tached to the side of the sun. The motor
causes a disk to revolve at a very high
rate of speed. The bullets, which are in
troduced into tho Interior of the disk at
the axle, travel along curves in the. In
terior to the circumference, and are there
Impelled through a barrel. It is claimed
that this disk will rotate, under the in
fluence of the motor, at the rate of 15,000
revolutions a minute, and wilt eject shots
from the muzzle of the gun with an Initial
velocity of 2000 feet per second. One of
the chief characteristics of the gun is that
It will maintain a continuous fire. If
necessary, a shot may be discharged at
every half revolution, but in practice one
shot every fourth revolution will be found
sufficient. The bullets are sphericaland
measure 3-16-inch in diameter. • N
"The following are the results of the te6ts
already made with the gun: Eighteen
thousand rounds of shot at the rate of
5000 a minute have been discharged from
thegun.' These shots consisted of nickel
steel, some of brass (as used in France),
lead and chilled metal. It was tested
seven times privately; no motor was used,
nor is one yet attached to the, gun, al
though the gun is constructed for an elec
tric motor. The tests were made by means
of a belt driven bv a stearrf engine. -Under
these conditions tno velocity required, and
which it is maintained an elecric motor
will produce, was not.^of course/attained,
but the. practical working of the gun was
fully demonstrated. A long range could
not.be had because of the necessity of
6ecrecy. and the testing was done in a
covered shed at Blyth drydocks. A steel
target 3-32-Inch thick was shattered, the
disk of the gun revolving at a speed of
2500 revolutions per minute. From the
penetration of the target it Is calculated
that at a distance of 400 yards a penetra
tion of a similar, character will be effected
of a plate 7-16-inch thick under the Influ
ence of an electric motor. There is no
heating of the barrel of the gun, because
of the continuous stream of cold air which
is impelled through it by the turning of
the disk. Tho disk itself Is also free from
heating on account of the special bearings
on which it is constructed. These bear
ings are a highly complicated mechanical
contrivance, and are similar to those used
In Parsons' turbines, which can revolve
at the rate of 22,000 revolutions a minute,
and Levall's motor, which revolves at the
rate of 30,000 revolutions a minute. To
test the gun thoroughly It will be neces
sary to nfilx a motor, which will be a live
horsepower motor coupled direct on to the
shaft. ¦. . ,
AI>AMS' SENTENCE IS
TWENTY-FIVE YEARS
Man Who Killed Edward Kepner Last
February Receives His Pun
ishment.
Charles Gilbert Adams, barber, who shot
and killed another barber, Edward Kep
ner, at 44 O'Farrell street, and who was
convicted of a charge of murder in the
second degree by a jury In Judge Law
lor's court in September last, but whose
sentence was deferred owing to a. motion
for a new trial, was yesterday sentenced
to serve twenty-five years in San Quentin.
In passing sentence the Judge said that
the defendant had evidently made every
preparation for killing Edward S. Kepner
by arming 1 himself with a revolver, and
thought by inciting him to attack him
that, he could successfully plead self-de
fense.
in the dally newspapers of the rcj«
suits of lottery drawings was a vlolatlovf^
of the ordinance of the Board of Super
visors. The Judge deckles in favor of tha
newspapers, declaring that they are not
Included In the scope of the ordinance.
LORD KITCHENER
OF CARTOON
RATIO OF INCREASE
IN IMMIGRATION
Japan's Percentage for the- Year Is
Far Ahead of That of Any Other
Country.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— The annual re
port of the Commissioner General of Im
migration shows that during the last fis
cal year the total number of immigrants
who arrived in this country was 443,572, of
which 23.200 came through Canada. Of
»he whole number 304,148 were male and
144.424 female. This Is a net increase over
1809 of 136,857. But 65.635 aliens camp "as
cabin passengers, and would have swelled
the .total' Immigration .to 614.207 had they
traveled jn the Ftcerrige. • Of the whole
number o* arrivals 424,700 came from Ku
ropean countries, 17.94G.from Asia, 30 from
Africa and p?i3-j from all other places.
Switzerland, and Spain and the Spanish
Islands show a small decrease Jn immigra
tion, while Austria-Hungary shows an In
crease of S3 per cent, the Russian empire
and Finland 4'J per cent increase, Italy 29
per ,cent increase and Japan 340 per cent
increaee. The total arrivals from Japan,
liow«vrr, amounted to only 9791.
EMMA GOLDMAN IS
AGAIN IN NEW .YORK
The Commissioner recommends more
rigid scrutiny of Immigrants to exclude
diseased or unfit persons, and that the
head tax be increased to at least $2: als>e
that the period durlnK which an immi
grant may be deported be extended to live
Says Anarchist Convention Was
Planned in Paris, but Police
Broke It Up.
NEW YORK, Dpc. 8.— Emma. Goldman,
who has been conferring with anarchist
groups In . England and France, has re
turned to thla country. She made a hur
ried tour of thft various- anarchist head
quarters In this 'city last night.
She says that 1 the anarchists from va
rious countries had arranged to hold an
International congress In Paris, but just
as It was about to convene the officials
swooped down, broke up the meeting and
drove the leaders out ot the city.
It was an outrape. she declared, and
showed that even the Socialist Govern
ment was under the domination of the
rich. In epite of the Parisian authorities,
however, she said, a secret congress was
held.
Miss Goldman was angry also at the
apathy of the people in England regard
ir.K the spread of the propaganda. They
acted, she said, as If a social revolution
was never heard of.
FIXING DUTIES IN
THE PHILIFPIXTES
Bill Providing for Taxes on Imports
and Exports Prepared by
Commissioners.
MANILA, Dec. 8.— The Philippine Com
mission has prepared a bill fixing the
duties upon Imports and exports. There
will be a public discussion of the meas
ure next week. Under its provisions Im
portations from the United . States into
the Island are dutiable. The Importation
of explosives, adulterated wines, articles
under false trademarks and apparatus
used In games of. chance Is prohibited.
The rates of duty have not been per
fected.
Fifty-two prisoners were captured In
the suburbs of San Antonio and San
Benlto lnst Wednesday -by a detachment
of the Thirty-seventh .Regiment. Many
escaped, but a portion of these were over
hauled and oaptured by the gunboat La
guna de Bay.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— The Nebraska
Republican Club celebrated the victory
In that State last night. Many well known
Republicans were present. Those who
spoke included Senators Hanna and
Thurston, Representatives Grcsvenor, Lit
tlefield. Mercer and Burkett, Governor
Richards of Wyoming', Assistant Secre
tary' of the Interior Brigham and Com
missioner of the General Land Ofllce Her
mann.
In a letter of regret President' McKJnley
extended his appreciation "of the loyal
and hearty support given to the cause for
which we contended on the 6th of Novem
ber."
Senator Hanna said in h!s speech: "For
five years I had stood before the Ameri
can public, vilified, slandered and car
tooned until my very manhood revolted,
and If the labor I was performing in the
Interest of my party and the country en
titled me to the smallest consideration I
was entitled to Btand before the people
everywhere and give the lie to tho.«e slan
ders."
NEBRASKA CLTJB
CELEBRATES VICTORY
PHILADELPHIA. Df-c. S.— The Ameri
can tribute to the memory of King Alfred
theGrrat. the on" thousandth anniversary
of whotse d^ath i» to be commemorated by
the English-speaking peoples next Sep
tember, will be arranged by Phlladel
phians. Mrs. Charles Custice Harrison,
wife of Prnvo«t Harrison of the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, who Is 5n charge of
the celebration, hus announced an execu
tive committee of representative Phlla
delphians. who will appoint committees in
tul the large cities to aid in the observance
«jf the occasion.
A memorial haJl, to be used as a mu-
and a htroic bronze statue of King
Alfred, their cost to I* $150,0>X). will be
dedicated next September in the city of
Winchester, the Kind's capital and burial
place. The plar.s for these were started
in England over a year ago and have the
Fupport of persons of consequence in Eng
land from Quffn' Victoria, through the
l«--a.ders of state ar.d letters.
Professor Bright of Johns Hopkins Unl
versity was made honorary secretary of
America to direct this countrv's share in
the anniversary.
AMERICAN TRIBUTE TO
MEMOEY OF KXNG ALFRED
ttt ONDON; Dec. 8.— The Chinese
I problem Is. so wrapped up in con
1 tradlctory dispatches and so
ii_-^ complicated by the multitudes of
notes and amendments thereto
that even the keenest diplomats frankly
confess they scarcely know how the situ
ation stands. From one particularly fa
miliar with the Americans' plans for
China it is learned that the negotiations
going on at all the capitals may be well
summed up as an effort to f;et the Chi
nese court to return to Peking. At last
the powers seem to realize that all the
able notes they could have formulated are
not worth the paper they are written on
until the powers are in touch with the
Chinese court. Providing this is accom
pliphed. which it is now hoped will be the
case, the powers are willing to make the
question of reparation secondary to the
establishment of a stable form of Chinese
government. When this is done, the ques
tion of Indemnity will come up. The
method of its exaction has not yet been
decided, though all agree that it cannot
be secured territorially.
Judging from the negotiations between
Mr. Choate, the United States Embassa
dor, and the Marquis oS. Lansdowne, Sec
retary Hay's suggestion that the powers
confer at "Brussels or some other place"
Is not likely to meet with the acceptance
of Great Britain. The other European na
tions bo far heard from are, inclined to
give their representatives at Peking a
fairly free hand and dread the additional
complications which they believe a Con
gress of the powers would entail. Other
wise Mr. Hay's latest propositions receive
on the whole general approval and prom
ise to form the basis for an eventual set
tlement. While the activity of the nego
tiations is not likely to flag within the
next few weeks, it Is the belief of those
best informed that they will not, or rather
cannot, result in anything definite until
the Ministers are personally in touch with
the Chinese court. There is no attempt
here to conceal the fact that in the efforts
to achieve this important result conces
sions from the original attitude of the
powers have been made to China,
Until This Is Accomplished
. All the Notes -Are
Worthless.
Powers Now Anxious for
the Return of Chinese
Court to Peking.
REPARATION
OF SECONDARY
IMPORTANCE
Will Be Made the Subject
of an Interpellation
in Reichstag,
?
ERLIN, Dec. 8.— Mr. Kruger's
non-reception here and the rea
sons leading thereto will be made
the subject of 1 an interpellation
in the Reichstag early in- the
coming week on the first budget debate.
The Imperial Chancellor, Count von Bu
low, will personally reply.
The excitement on the subject is still
deep and far reaching, as evidenced by to
day's Die Nation, which contains an arti
cle by Professor Theodore Mommsen, who
approves of Emperor William not receiv
ing the Boer statesman as being more dig
nified and more Just than if he received
him and then confessed his powerleasnesa
to avert the South African tragedy which
is now going on toward the final act. The
Vosslsche Zeitung takes a similar view,
and says that "hypocritical Fiance, which
is seeking to embroil Germany with Eng
land, would have left Germany in the
lurch, probably confederating with Eng
land against Germany, after succeeding
in rupturing the bonds of Anglo-German
friendship."
An editorial article in the Kreuz ZeU
tung on the subject of President McKin
ley's recent message is significant as ex
pressing the views and alms of the mod
erate German Agrarians. It says:
"It does not matttT if the Americans
lose the German meat trade, since Amer
ican manufactured imports to Germany
will enormously Increase, which is watch
ed anxiously in Germany. Austria-Hun
gary and Switzerland. If Germany in the
projected treaties imitates the Dingley
tariff, how can the Americans complain?
It would only be an act of self-defense."
The article then proceeds to enumerate
the many apparent unfairnesses In the
tariff relations with the United States.
The Cologne Volks Zeitung, the leading
Centrist organ, acknowledges the cease
less attempts of the United States Embas
sador, Mr. White, to further peace be
tween'the two countries, but claims ' hla
efforts are pooh-poohed and frustrated by
the Republican jingoes in America, who
are particularly venomous against Ger
many.
DISCUSSIONS
ON STAND OF
THE KAISER
Germanu.
Refusal to Receive Kruaer
Causes Excitement in
BY CABLE TO THE CALL
FROM EUROPEAN CAPITALS
• THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900.
years.
14
AD VEBTl'SEMSNTS. .
New edition Dr. Humphreys*
Manual, 144 pa^es, on the care and
treatment of the sick in all ail-
ments, mailed free, fits the v.st
pocket,
j^r^b m^9\ I BfNbjl Sl^^
"When the Chills . run down your back,
take "77" and .the Cold will atop right
there.
When you commence" to sneeze, . take
"77" and that will the Cold.
When you begin to Cough, take "71"
and that ends It.
; When you ; feel ¦ that you " : are - taking
Cold," take "77" at once. ¦
If vou have a Cold that hangs on—
Grip— take '.'77" and break It upv
"At drugrslots, 25c-
Humphreys" Homeopathic Medicine Co., cor.
JgyiUlacx aoa John »t»., flew £ork. ¦ ¦-. t j ,
This Beautiful Mother
Says:
44 1 Cannot Help But
Praise Peruna.
44 1 Am Never Without
It.
44 As Soon as I find the
Children Have the
Least Cold I Give
Them Peruna.
"A Few Doses Helps
Them."
One of the greatest foes with which ev-
ery family has to contend is our changea-
ble climate. To protect the family from
colds and coughs is always a serious prob-
lem, and often impossible.
Sooner or later it is the inevitable fate
of every one to catch cold. Care In avoid-
ing exposure and the use of proper cloth-
ing will protect from the frequency and
perhaps the severity of colds, but with
the greatest of precautions they will come.
This is a settled fact of human experi-
ence. "
Especially is this true during the stormy
and unsettled weather of early winter.
Everybody must expect to be caught
somewhere or somehow.
Perhaps it will be wet feet, or cold
draught, or damp clothes, or may be too
close confinement in hot rooms and then
going out into the cold carelessly, or It
may be ont> of a thousand other little mis-
haps, but no one is shrewd enough to al-
ways avoid the inevitable catching cold.
Sometimes colds come like an epidemic;
everybody seems to have, one at once.
The very air about us is Jpoison to the
head, throat and lungs.
There is no fact of medical science bet-
ter hfnown than that Peruna cures catarrh
wherever located. Thousands of families
in all parts of the United States are pro-
tected each winter by Peruna, Once in
the family Peruna always stays. No home
can spare Peruna after the first trial of it.
A Bplendld example of this fact is found
in the beautiful home of Mrs. Paul Pes-
How a Mother Saved Her Boy.
Mrs. E. L. Chomer, 5243 Emerald ave-
nue. Chicago. 111., writes: "I really don t
know how to explain to you the benefit
your Peruna has done our boy. We nav«
used three bottles so far and will soon get
another. I must teil you all the good 1*
has done us.
"Our boy i3 three years old and was
taken ill. He was going into a sort of de-
cline. He had a coui?h that sounded like
an old man. lost his appetite, was rest-
less in his sleep.
"We called in our family doctor and he
prescribed for him, but he remained Just
the same. I
A «fr st:gg estert
that we give
• — — — — — — — — —— • he has been
witho u t a.
cough. He has had chronic bronchitis for
two years, but he Is better of that. too.
"I can. have ar.d will recommend Pe-
runa to my best ability. I remain a firm
believer In Peruna."
1IRS. E. L. CHOMER.
Dr. Hartman's latest book on catarrh
will be sent free upon request to any ad-
dress. This book contains ninety-five
pages of interesting reading matter, and
will be found Invaluable to mothers In
aiding them to guard against and cure tho
many little catarfhal ailments of children
that come with the severe weather of
winter.
book3. People ask about me from differ-
ent places, and arc surprised that I can da
all of my housework alone, and that I
was cured by the doctor of chronic ca-
tarrh. My husband was cured of asthma,
my daughter of earache and catarrh o*.
the stomach and my son of catarrh of the
threat. When I was sick I weighed lW
pounds; now I weigh, 140."
¦ MRS. MARIA GOERTZ.
chel of 14 Quitman street, Newark, X. J.
Read her letter:
NEWARK, N\ J.. June 17, 1300.
Dr. S. B. Hartman:
Daar Sir — "My three children wsrs
sick and my husband had an attack of
la grippe. I gave the children Peruna
and now they look as if they hadn't
been sick at all. I also gave it to my
husband until ho was good and well. I
do not know how I could have stood
taking care of them and being up night
and day had it not been for Peruna.
f'Last winter was the first winter in
sixteen years that I did not havs a
cough. It is impossible to explain my
thanks in words. I nevar looked as
well as I do now.
"Peruna is our family medicine and
always will be. I do my own house-
work and sewing and get along lovely,
now that I am so strong and well,
thanks to Peruna and your good advice.
"/ cannot help but praise Peruna. I
am never without it, and as soon as I
find the children have the least cold I
give thsm Peruna. A few doses helps
them, and I hope that every one who
reads my testimony ¦ will try Peruna,
as it is a friend indeed." Thankfully
yours, MRS. PAUL PESCHEL,
14 Quiiman St., Newark, A. J.
A Safe Family Doctor.
Peruna has been used In many other
homes with the same results. The follow-
ing are samples. Mrs. M. E. Seymour,
Dye, Ga., writes:
"I am ready to speak a few words In
favor of Peruna and Manalln. I have
tried them for nearly every 111 of life for
myself and family and find them to be all
the 'doctor claims them to be. Peruna
cured mo of female trouble when my doc-
tor could not. My advice to all suffering
women Is, consult Dr. Hartman. What he
has done for me he will do for you."
MRS. M. E. SEYMOUR.
Peruna' Addel 40 Pounds.
Mrs. Maria Goertz, Cleo, Oklahoma,
¦writes:
"My husband, children and myself have
used your medicines and we always keep
them in the house in case of necessity. I
was restored to health by this medicine
and Dr. Hartman's invaluable advice and
AP v j^ts/i. :xr> r; iffTSNTS.
TEST FOR YOURSELF
The Wonderful Curative Properties of Swamp-Root,
the Great Kidney and Bladder Remedy.
To Prove What Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU,
Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
It v:Fr>.; to be considered that only urln-
cry end bladdw troubles were to bo C«&^^ri^*!R&&
traced to tne kidneys. t>ut now modern *je§gS^2ais£g>*
sdence proves that nearly all diseases
htvo their beginning in the disorder of I^^S !«
*lJ-.r«=(' rr.f.-st important orfrar.s. fS
The kidneys filter and purify the blood U | ji jm'
60 when your kidney* are weak or out P n HI |M
of order, you can understand how quick- X | || lJU
ly your entire body is affected, and how . Ji, 9 h * f\
every orpan f«-ras to fail to do its duty. JSytSB v\ H WL ¦
1! y-Mi are sick or ••feel badly." begin jf$?M,n!fc. °' %^g3^S^
taking the famous new discovery. Dr. .^^^^^^^^m'TtTKlS^^^^^W.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as pooti jflBjJfJSSfijtJS jgja KaaraggcK' §aW
is your kidneys :;ro well they will help ti^^^^tiiMnSRfi kfflffilnfnBSf* *, J?Xii3
ell the • Lher i rgars to health. A trial |^^™yWf||| W WfflMlSll
Rocl Invrstifratwl toy The Call, the one which tfiJVil nr , ,-.. » PT ,. S j f\ |»
we : ibMeSi : - ¦".:>• for U.- benefit of pur read- [£*$ ****• «.«ii-'*i.*f» j j* O
e-c trieftka In th» highest terms of the vn- | j? j C\I7 4 MTJ TiOfVT "
. rful curative :¦¦;¦• !!!<-<¦ <f this cr»at kMr^y JJfe T f iiilli "lvULl A It
remedy Mr Oeo 6 <Toir.p'.!r.. Ashawsy. K. I . ,'*^3J^ IfJ m
writes: 'wh n 1 st :.t fcr sample i<ott> or fl' v 1 Kidney, Liver z.r.d Bladder &p art
:-¦*• • -!: t I had to nmk^ water every two tf, 5 ».,„_ fjjfe ffj
er thre* ! urs through the day and the r.isht |j 'i I VwSfc* 'Kb*
] pess< M t a vi - email (juantlty. but with .-1 |J $\[ C'RECTIONS. |«i S
- u! :.:.-• : ¦ ; . straining at t).<- .-r.i of each j a*- :l_jli! ¦%, , .. ... tif- t5
,a,e Our b« debtor here rr^enbod for m* J gL te^f'IV^oTit" WM
t-j: his me . liie> did rr.e no good. 1 then l»-gan ||h8'' and at btJUinp f nf 'li
your >«-.::• b ttle. anJ before I e-.t through jgf C MU«n le« according to ace. K S
>'•.:, It 1 feit a change. I would not have be- Jfj | u , r commie. <Io«U ffc, IS
lieved ru !; a ;r-,n:i quantity would have done i;hi& | and inci-ccw taraidosoormore, g ' Fi
eo much, tut before It wae rone I 'earned thai jjyj as the ca»* would Kit m to require. g I]
v -r firugyiEl kept y.-ur Swanm-Root, and *,i iJiw 1 Thlj crest ranwly curea all ft JM
cot t. larre bottle fcr r.r.e dollar, but actually I'ps! kWcey. llrcr. blaUdrr anil Crlc n H
worth one hundred dollar*. I only took one *'-'4f |j Add troablei and disorder? due E P
large table»;x>orful three time: 1 a day. and be- , ovjl] to veak kidneyi. Rich as catarrh H Sj
fore I had taken one-half Untie I wu all right 'M I of the bladder, crrarel. rheum*- I B
*-- ; .>-s-^ !-•.:'. >:rr< My \::-ir.e ;> a* light ?^«i! Hsn> > Jnmbtsro and Br?grbt> Pis- K 3m
.. •'. -r ts --^l' GEX"' S CHAMPLIN iM *"»". T.-hJch if the worst term of Bj jjgj
Ashaway. R. I. AM\\ ti<»n*y <"•¦*•«». W*S
Jan. 4. IS '. *i ¦ ** iS pleasant to tnVe. []« p
Weak n- •: unhealthy kidneys are re- ! 'J PREPARED ON'LY BY '*£})£
pponsible for many kinds of diseases, and jj 1 DR. KILMER & CO I m
:f pormittt-<3 to continue, much suffering * • * ( i «
with fatal results are sure to follow. Kid- !*S BINGHflMTOfJ, N. Y. iU
ney trouble :rr-.:.-. r. > the nen-es, makr-s %% srold bj nil Dru"^lst» ' M
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and lrrita- S ' - ,","*, ?i gj ?
ble. Makes vou pass water nften during S »nrriirrw»7m7tT£»>rrnTfr«pr3r»tr>' H
':.• day and obliges you to get up many %BMMMMMEMJMji 1
times durins the nipht. Unhealthy kid- K' M
r .-.c r: ,. ;> ,. rheumatism, gravel, catarrh ff ; f^^^^S^^^S^^^^M^
of the bladder, pain or dull ache in the 5^^^**^^^!^
back, joints :•¦•.•: muscles; makes your li£Z*k*£^~ ~ =5=- - - / - ;^^&»3i^5J. fc|
head ache and back ache, causes lndiges- 1 *'-— -^^ «*B>*w^-,'*-V—^^^»
tion, stomach and liver trouble; you get (Swamp-Root is pleasant to take.)
a Fallow, yellow complexion, makes you feel as though you had heart trouble; you
may have plenty of ambition, but no strength; get weak and waste away.
Jn taking Swamp-Hoot you afford natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the
most perfect bealer and gentle aid to the kidneys that Is known to medical science.
If there Is any doubt in your mind as to your condition, take from your urine on
ns:ng about four ounces, place it In a glass or bottle and let it stand twenty-four
boun.L.U on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there is a brick-dust settling or-
if Frnall particle* float abourin it. your kidneys are in need of immediate attention
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need you can pur-
cimse the regular fUty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
EDITORIAL NOTE — S-x^mp- r r \oot, the great Kidney, Ltver and -Bladder 7?«n-
tdy ts so succ ssful thai a special arrangement has be.n made by -xhicb all readers rf The
QaU vho hare n >t already trid it, miy havs a sample bo: tie s.nt absolutely /tee by mail
<rflso a book ttlltng all cbsut kidntv and bladder /roubles and containing mini- of the
thousands uf oh thousands cf t^imonial letters received font mtn ottd vemm cur id by
yBtapttoot. "Be sure and tneiticn reading thit genet oui off.r tn S>n Francisco Sunday
Call gA n setid:ng %our add'ess to T>'. Kilmer &¦ Co.. 'Bingtamton, fff. Y.
PLUCKY M R'S PESCHEIi
\ PROTECTS HER ENTIRE FAMILY WITH PERUNA.
©¦•¦o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-«-o ? o-*-0-»-O"»-o-»-o-»-0"*- ©?c-»o-»-O"»-o-» o-»-o ¦•¦ o-*-o-»-o-»-o-»c*o-»-»- o-»-o-«-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-«-3 -•¦ o-»-o-»-c-»-o-»-o-»o-»-o
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If you are suffering and endangered with disease, cr
embarrassed with an unnatural weakness, came to us for -*
. \ quick relief and a permanent cure. Our institution is the
largest, oldest, best equipped — our methods and remedies \
I the most successful. Our is composed of skilled physi- i
!- dans -and surgeons — alt specialists of wide experience and
natural ability.
Our "Bank Deposit Guarantee" insures the return of j
I money if patients are not satisfied. For full particulars, pri-
vate booklet, etc., call or write. We never administer any-
thing of a dangerous or harmful nature. All our prescrip-
tions are carefully compounded by competent pharmacists
in our own private laboratory, free to patients. No incurable cases taken.
No charge for consultation and advice ir office or by mail. «J
DR. MEYERS & CO. j
ELEVATOR j 7QI MARKET STREET. I g£5S£i°tS Sf" 7 *
ENTRANCE. | ¦ v - >1 San Francisco. 1 Evenlncs— 1 to t. !
rw~ The L4*xwt AnAtcKoIc*! Muiewn In tbo \ y^fltf^TSySPi i |1 | Jj'jf'7^5 fifk^J 3J * l?v£fr^^Jhitkj
W DB. JWSDA5 ACOjlOSlMtrkftBt-.B"* 1 - W IB» m^ MMlJnlSUM^wfeHJiirT^&MB^M™
j SNATCHED FROM THE GRAVE,
g The Remarkable Experience o? Mrs. Anna John-
fi son, 1432 San Pedro St., Los Angeles, Cal.
|j The case of Mrs. Anna Johnson has baffled the /**%
|rj Fklll of phyyicianF of Los Angeles. Mrs. Johnson jf \
[| was CO years old. For Thirty years she has been a
M victim of kidney and bladder troubles and rheu- /B/Vf g'l IrV
H matism. Doctors in the city examined her and /SSGl I Lfl\
H toid her that the only help for her was to have /^^LICJS"
9 one of her kidneys removed. Mrs. Johnson of I c JT \
»1 course consented, the doctors made arrangements / €2^>7"^^^L \
n to take her to the hospital, the ambulance was # • / v^'®?5<J^%^^i : r- \
| ready to take her and sympathizing friends were ICXf^. £. \
B around weeping, for the doctors said, "We fear .<¦•/ w» *'••"•• I
H tne results." Mrs. Johnson ¦was 60 years old, and ''¦l'\n\ '•&[;¦''¦: ?'\
D must undergo such a dangerous operation. Thus ' t*\ "j|\ '"••'•• I
fi the was looking through the great Valley of ":r\. y7 \ -I
Eg Death: poor woman, consented to be operated on, l^i^lSwj// ' V**^J
R if passible to pave her life. '>v"/\ / «/• /
B The devoted daughter and friends, seeing the vffft WO/
H r><ior chancre of her recovery, interfered, and re- $//ft)N& /
f| fused to allowthi' rnother to go. and declared, "If * \ f>5« if/ /
*he must die, \ fVlDNtV /
P l^^^^^^ *? sort the friends \>URE>'
» ffi^^K^^^ ~*X «A Insisted that a
U WHS&®' &?$¦ &$ bottle of McBurne >'' s KWney and Bladder
B r Cure be brought to the suffering patient.
P »W/ rf" ** \ I Haste was made to Mr. McBurney's of-
P f^^Vy AZ&r I ~ fice. 418 S. Spring street, and a bottle
{J . lJ^~~ P rocure^. and hurried to the bedside of
n y^^^&x "^}i^^--r M rfi - Johnson. Doctors looked wise,
9 *\u, /-¦' —^3 friends and family anxiously awaited the
M Sy£^&£&&^ "^*«»S5S^^^^^§r results. One dose was given, and with
a / //%y <^™^^^-^?'*^<(' eager watching to note the results a
R / y^r?p~^\^^^r "" > "^**^» c^ an^e soon came, tears were changed to
hj -f. ''¦"£¦ / -tc smiles; another dose was administered,
3 i^P^t* iii"T 1 *\i 5.^4-/,. **'*!i^^f the P atlcnt was improving. From the
9 "•^» * .j.j^V* weak and emaciated condition the pa-
« '*• •/"& tlent realized her Improvement, and so on
l| "^^^CN^i,. * McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure
M <& raised Mrs. Johnson from the deathbed of
U „ .^^-. ¦.~~~'S~ sickness, and to-day, dear reader, she la
p MRS. ANNA JOHNSON; able to appear on the streets of Los An-
h 1422 San Pedro St., I>os Angeles. geles, a different woman— due to what?
f\ .' '"1^ T ot to the doctors, but to that grand,
jj lever failing remedy, McBurnej-'s Kidney and Bladder Cure.
g ONE BOTTLE CURES RHEUMATISM.
fi Do you suffer with pain in the back and bladder? Do your feet and legs
11 ewell? Do you sleep well? Do you have a constant desire to urinate and a
El tired feeling, and your heart flutter? Do you have scalding? . Do you have
¦3 aJaundance of water, or a scanty flow of dark colored -water? '. Do you have
a fcrlckdust deposits? Do you have rheumatism? If you have the above symp-*'
» tome take ten drops of McBurney'B. One Bottle Cures.
| McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure
N Express prepaid. Jl.CO. Liver Regulator and Blood Purifier, $1.23. Liver Tab-
3 lets 25c. Send 25 cents In 2-cent stamps for a five days' treatment.
I W F McRIIRNFV 41S 8outh '*»**** st -»
| YY • tT. iTILUUIVnU I * Los Angeles.
B For Sale at DAHLBENDER DRUG CO., 214 Kearny Street, and at
g THE OWC DRUG CO., 1128 Market Street.Why the turkey is" called a'turkey has
been much discussed without reaching any
definite conclusion. One theory Is that
the turkey named himself by his peculiar
"cluck," which sounds like "turk, turk,
turk."
cALrFomnANS in new yobk.
NT7W YORK, Deo. 8.— The following
Callfornians are In New York: From San
Francl6CO— L. Michels Is at the Nether
land; A. G. Brignordello Is at the Grand
Union; S. M. Kelly Is at the Ashland; L.
Leslie is at the Victoria; 8. Musto is at
the Imperial; A. H. Reichllng Is at the
Hoffman; MIes Spring is at the St. Denis;
G. N. Stanton Is at the Imperial; F.
Brooks is at the Holland; J. A. N. Fletch
er 1b at the Amsterdam; P. Peters Is at
the Broadway Central; M. L. Requa is at
the Holland; H. Storey is at th« Union
Square.
From Los Angeles— R. H. Raphael Is at
the Victoria; Miss A. South and Mrs.
South are at the Westminster; C. H. Rey
nolds is at the Bartholdl; F. N. Spear Is
at the Westminster.
From San Jose— F. A. McFarland Is at
the Bartholdl. '
since last May to effect an equitable
agreement with their management. Gen
eral Manager Kevin states that we are
violating our contract with them by a
sympathetic 6txike In behalf of our fellow
workmen on the Gulf, Colorado and
Santa Fe branch, which is a part of our
own division. He errs in this, for we are
absolutely violating no portion of the con
tract recently entered Into with him.
There Is no part of the contract which
provides for an occasion of this kind.
The schedule merely provides that a
thirty days' notice shall bo given should
either party request a change of any
article Incorporated therein."
TBAFFIO BEING TIED XTP.
Trains on All Santa Fe Divisions
Coming to a Standstill.
TOPEKA, Kana., Dec. 8.— All the Santa
F© operators of this city, with the excep
tion of two, have gone out on strike. By
to-morrow there will not be an operater
at work In the city on the Santa Fe. The
walk-out this afternoon In the general
offices of the Santa Fe here took the offi
cials by surprise. For a time C. G. Sholes,
superintendent of telegraph, and C. W.
Kouns, superintendent of car service, left
their places at the keys and did the regu
lar work. The officials have not yet de
cided what action to take to-morrow.
There la much consternation among the
Santa Fe shopmen of this city as the re
sult of the order of General Manager
Madge throwing them out of employment
In case the strike reached such propor
tions as to tie up business. \
The strike Is caused by troubles over
rules and regulations. The wage scale
was up for consideration, but the road
agreed to arbitrate oa that point. The
rules and regulations have been up and
were not eettlbd. The road would not
agree to the rules asked by the men and
the strike results.
The Santa Fe operators of this city will
hold a meeting to-morrow morning at 8
o'clock to consider what their future ac
tions will be. With two exceptions every
Santa Fe operator in the city is out. The
operators are confident that business here
will be tied up to-morrow. Twenty op
erators were brought here from Chicago
last night by the officials in anticipation
of the strike, but none of them went to
work.
The dispatches reoelved here Indicate
that every office west of Topeka is closed.
This includes the offices on the branches
west of Albuquerque. Four operator* be
tween here and Kansas City have not y»t
been reached by the strike order of the
O. R. T.. but will to-morrow, and the
strike will then be complete.
WICHITA. Kans.. L>ec 8.— Chairman
Newman made the following statement
to-night:
• "The situation 1b about as follows to
night: The Oklahoma division, the Middle
division and the Eastern division report
all men out, and, with the exception of
about Fix men, alll in the Western division
are out. Officers have advised me that
the Santa Fe wires are open east and we
ere not able to do any work into Chicago.
Reports from west of Albuquerque to Los
Angeles and San Francisco are that all
men are out, and the situation could not
look brighter for the telegraphers than It
now is. The Gulf. Colorado and Santa Pe
men are still out and as firm as the day
they struck. There are something like
thirteen hundred telegraph employes on
the Santa Fe system, and It will be ut
terly impossible for the company to fill
their places. We are out and will stay out
until we win all of the conditions on which
we will return. One condition Is that all
of the scabbing operators must be dis
missed from the service of the Santa Fe."
WHY OPERATORS QUIT WOEK.
of the Men at tb.e Keys.
Officials Eefuse to Adjust Grievances
"WICHITA. Kans., Dec. 8.— Chairman J.
A. Newman of th© Santa Fe division of
the Order of Railroad Telegraphers, In
cluding the entire Banta Fe system. Issued
the following order at 3:30 o'clock this aft
ernoon, and a few minutes later he was
Informed that 1300 operators over the en
tire system quit the key:
"To all agents and operators of the
Santa Fe system: In accordance with the
action of your general committee and the
by-laws of this organization, on this date
you will strike, cease work and thereafter
refuse to perform any duty of any charac
ter whatever until the said strike Is de
clared off by me personally and notice of
settlement of all your grievances ac
knowledged. Said notice must be vouched
for by our local representatives. You will
turn your board red for the protection of
life and property and leave them In that
position permanently. Carefully protect
all company property in your care or pos
session and allow no person access there
to until you are properly checked and re
leased from all responsibility by the com
pany's actual representative. This action
is made necessary to secure for you rea
sonable compensation and conditions of
service. All train dispatchers, clerks and
other employes are earnestly requested to
give us their assistance."
Referring to his order. Chairman New
man said:
"Thia action was taken up at lhe sug
gestion of National President Dolphin and
only after it was evident that the com
pany would not listen to our grievances
We were compelled to take this sten to
see that justice is done to the members of
our organization on the Gulf system and
as a matter of protection to ourselves If
the Santa Fe Company cut wages and'im
posed other burdens upon the operators
of that system, what is to prevent them
from doing the same thing here? This is
not altogether In eympathy with the Gulf
operators. My order caused over 1S00 op
erators to strike. There Js one thine I am
glad of. and that is the fact that the men
are a unit In the matter. I am receiving
telegrams from all points Indorsing my
action. Just how long the strike will con
tinue is a matter hard for me to deter
mine. Under no circumstances will we re
turn to work until our grievances have
been adjusted in a manner satisfactory to
the members of the organization. The
real grievances of the men on the Gulf
system as given to me In a special dis
patch from National President Dolphin is
a protest against a proposed elimination
of twelve station schedules and a pro
posed reduction In wages at nineteen other
VTASHINGTON*, Dee. 8.— The Senate
CoTnrnitte* on Military Affairs to-day
continued its hearing upon the anti-can
teen provision of the military bilL Speak
ing ior the advocates of the measure,
Rev. W. K. Crafts gave the result of his
cwn observations of the operation of the
ciieen at Newport News after the close
Jf the Cuban war. He eald he had found
W'm as low as the lowest saloon and that
a regxdar orgy was in progress the day
he was there, the result being that most
of the eoldlers cf the post deserted that
rlrbt. He quoted General Sternberg as
•saying that the canteen causes many sol
<iiers to contract the drink habit, and
General Milts as opposed to the use of In
toxicants by the soldiers In the troplos.
Mr. Crafts paid he has received a state
ment from Pr»*?ider.t Taft of the Philip
pine Commi?fion saying that he vu
jrreatly interested in the movement In be
half of the native racea of the Pacific
islands.
Mr. Kells of Mississippi spoke, for the
mothers of the eoldlers. Gayingr tlxat all
of them favored the suppression of the
llauor traffic
Mrs. In gal Is cf St. Louis said ehe knew
«f many soldier boys who had contracted
the liquor habit.
Rev. Mr. Milley, an army chaplain, gav«
his unreserved indorsement to the can
ton, and said that this view was the re
mit of actual observation In the Phllip-
Senate Committee Hears Ar
guments of Its Sup- '
porters.
DISCUSSING THE
CANTEEN BILL
The Board of Education will in all prob
ability rescind its assignment of Mrs.
Irene D. Reeves to the Chinese Primary
School at next Wednesday's meeting. Mrs.
Reeves sent a communication yesterday
to the board in which she gives notice that
she. will accept the assignment only under
protest. She is the teacher who was re
cently Informed by Chairman Mark that
unless she withdrew her suit against the
board to have her high school standing
determined she would never be assigned,
to a regular class.
The board, however, evidently reconsid
ered its determination, for at the last
meeting Mrs. Keeve3 was assigned to the
Chinese School. It is interesting to not©
in this connection that Mrs.\Kate Turney
and Aliss M. II. Blavan, who were bent to
the school, are now respectively on the
retired list and substitute list. It was
probably with a similar object in view
that the board assigned Mrs. Reeves to
the Chinese School, which is not consid
ered a desirable school by many teachers.
Mrs. Reeves calls attention to the fact
that the board ignored the chronological
order which it has pledged itself to follow
by recently assigning Miss J. Frank, elect
ed December 2fc, l&itf, to the James LJck
School; Mies L.. O'Connell, elected June
9. 1&97. to the Pacilic Heights, and Miss G.
Carroll, elected June 9, 1897, to the John
Swett School. All these dates are subse
quent to that of Mrs. Reeves' election,
which was on February 10, 1897.
Mrs. Reeves' specific ground of her pro
test is that the board has no right to de
grade her in her standing. She has taught
in the Girls' High and Polytechnic High
schools and says she has the highest cre
dentials from the principals.
President Mark says that the board is
justified in not having followed the
chronological order in Mrs. Reeves' case.
"Mrs. Reeves Is at law with the board,"
says Mark, "and we first asked the City
Attorney how we were affected by the lit
igation. His assistant, W. F. Brobeck.
informed us that we could appoint her to
a position. I do not know what the board
will do in regard to her accepting It under
protest. It Btrikes me that a teacher so
ooing will not accomplish the best results.
Some action will certainly be taken. She
has written a letter to the board waiving
her right to a high school position.
stations. To avoid the strike the com
mittee agreed to accept Santa Fe rules,
amended by providing for eight consecu
tive hours' rest In twenty-four, excepting
In cases of emergency. The clause de
priving men of a hearing when discharged
for Insubordination was also to bo elimi
nated. Another demand made was that
there was not to be any reduction In
wages at any of the stations for the pres
ent. We will Btand by the men of the Qulf
and fight this battle to a finish."
All the Santa Fe trains are said to be
tied up In this division, between Newton
and Purcell. No operator was working
after 6 o'clock except two at Arkansas
City and one at Perry, Oklahoma. Divi
sion Superintendent TIce Is trying to bring
the night train in. but it Is not expected
that he will succeed. Three freights and
a. passenger are tied up here, and a tele
phone message from Wellington says that
everything is dead on the Panhandle divi
sion.
SAJTTA FE SHOPS CLOSED.
An Order That Throws Two Thou-
sand Men Out of Work.
TOPEKA, Ivans.. Doc 8.— The officials
of the Santa Fa decided la conference
to-night that the shops her© would be
closed Monday morning until further or
ders. General Manager Mudge says the
shops will b« closed until the affairs ox
the road get back lu their normal condi
tion.
The order throws over 2000 men out of
employment. Another conference of. of
ficials will be held to-morrow.
Board of Education May Rescind Ap
pointment of Teacher Who
Sues to Determine Her - .\
Standing.
Accepts Assignment to Chi
nese School Under
Protest.
BREAKERS AHEAD
FOR MRS. REEVES
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DEGEMBEE 9. 1900.
TELEGRAPHERS' STRIKE
TIES UP THE SANTA FE
Continued from Page Thirteen.
15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkards
Easily
Cured
Efiiii WilliaiM W&ntg Erery Lady
Header of This Paper to Know
How Sbe Saved Her Father.
Tsti tn Odorless and Tasteless Remedy in
His Food, Quickly Curing Him
"Witfccct Eis Knowledge.
Tzttl P»tk»ri ef tie Htmt&j Killed Tttt t*
Clew Eev Eity It II to Car*
Drcrxirfj.
"XoMiiziz cocld be more dramatic or d«rot«d
thtn the sianner In wt!ch ilisa Edith Wil-
liam, Box 24, Wayawrtlle, O., cured her
drenken fm.»- after y«erm of mlaerr, wratcb-
*i-e*a ar.3 alisost Tinbe&ra.ble saCerlsc.
JOBS EDITH TVTLiJAaCS.
"Tea, father la e, refonnefl man." cb« eaM,
•*«c4 onp trlentM think It a miracle that I cured
fclxn wltbont bl« knowledge or content. I had
read bow Mrs. Eat« Lynch of 33 SIUb at.. San
FrsJicl«oo, CaL, hafl cure<3 her hurbanil toj
tels» a i4rne<Jy eecrrtly In h!i coffee and food
asd I wrote to Dr. Halnes for a trial. When It
came I put eome In father's coffee and food
and watched him closetr. but h« couMa't tell
the dlffwntf, bo I kept It up.
"One xncrnlnr father sot op and eald he was
fcccrry Tbli was a sood elsn. as be rarely at*
much breakTart. He went away and when he
cas>« bom* at noon perfectly eober I was al-
cost frantlo with Jot. *• I haAn't seen him
•ober tor half a «ay before In over fourteen
yeara. After dinner *• •»* down In the blf
Uey chair and eald. -Edith. I don't know
what haa^cotr.* orer rae. but I hate the elrht
and kmII o: Honor and am gxAzig to «top drlnk-
ic* fore-rer.' This vu too much for me aad I
told him then what I had done. "Well. w«
both had a eood cry. »n<l now we •*" **•
tapplert home and tbe kindest father you can
tmtefctt. I ara bo dad you wlU publish thli
erpertenoe. for It will nsach many others and
l«t them know about that wonderfnl Golden
Epeclflc"
E>r. Halnea. the fll»c»verer. win iro& a aam-
pl* of thia crand remedy free to all who will
writ* for It. Enourh of tb« remedy U mailed
;re*.to ehow how It 1* u»ed In tea, coffee or
food, ead that It wfll cure tbe dreaded habit
culetly and permanently. Send your name and
address to I>r. J. W. Haine». 2E1S Glenn Build-
in*. ClndnnaU, Ohio, and he will mall a free
Micisle of the remedy to you, Gecure^y sealed In
ap-^ain wrapper. a>o full dlrecOona how to use
v: booka and terttaonlali from hundreds who
fc*r« been cured, and everything needed to aid
you Is aaTtnc those near and dear to you from
a Ufe of deEradatlon and ultimate porerty and
AJsgraot,
Bead for a free trial to^Mj. It irTfl brtffhten
the rest of row U2*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ul BETWEEN YOU AND ME
I I'll Tell You Confidentially
„ I **»« footin* with vs. MVre Bavins many ;«n,on» many dollars-
] . we'll do the same by you.
__ J^MSl BECAUSE WE ARE SELLING OUT
royal Wilton rugs Smyrna rugs, reversible
SSxlS „ 81.U2 71x35 *-*~*J>
rox:« :».«ju ecxr; —so
if£ x'i'H 37'£o Long Fleeced Fur and Angora Rugs
BOSTON FIBER RUGS M ,ao A NfVr o./rs W^
Beautiful and Durable. JAFAADMJ KUlife.
88x11 4Se At a half or more b«low actual worth.
«Px27 S2.1O jcxlS 72c
70x30 a.«5 60x20 fl.75
4 ft. X T ft-, worth 17. at 4.«O 72x36 - 2JiO
t ft. x < ft., worth J9, at 4.7O 7 it. x 4 ft 3.40
13 n. x s ft . worth $14. at 0.43 KENSINGTON ART RUGS
AXMINSTER RUGS » ft. x tu ft *3.5O
SS -:::::::::::::::: i±0z& K X^:::::::::::::::--:-:::::::: %%
Fine Carpet Patterns - - Pj \
Linen Warp, Jointless, 20c and 22^c. | C 2 C
ART CARPET SHOP, 228 Powell St., Near Geary
¦¦• ¦ •'.': .' ' '- ¦•'¦• '"•-,• ' -.. -•¦' ' ¦¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. -
I jj||f Ijt A beautiful watch, guaranteed f
$^§/(^^f for one year, in a handsome %^^^^»|
I mas suit, or his Christmas Over ' I
if^^jjoimfoM^ .coat, on our second floor Monday, jv WS^r '' b t
I : 4^Wf^^4' December 10th f^^^^ r/^ K I
J^^fe'iJ3K' 4 to presenting gifts to boys we M(iWji§^ I
I^SJrf belkve in giving them something that is | Jjjjjp^- J
I I useful as well as of great value: . | SspV ¦ I
I iVS This is undoubtedly the greatest giftwe 1 JV I
I iF «l I ' naYe eYer P resent^ t0 e b°y s « I ' I
| Of course, you know our prices are tiny. We don't have to advertise |
|| that. We are demonstrating that daily. -,; , -'. \ $
1. . -^: ! " • And, of course, you know the swellest
| wA juvenile apparel in San Francisco is shown .,' »
I -^5 • by the Frisco Boys. Every style original JOf I
I /yj|\% in designand color blending in our Suits, AlSsbv I
wA in -our. Overcoats; and, of- course, on %^p\pfT)f
:^^v^|*| ¦ Overcoats you know we're King Pins, X r Qk I
S'nl'tiT^'i W' ' OPEN. EVENINGS -DURING DECEMBER. I W^^^F^^Wwj!*
i (I" ¦ :; ffl ¦ I
' ¦ ¦ .-¦ - . . _ - *
* t ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION
"I am so thankful for what Dr.
Pierce' s Favorite Prescription has
done for me," writes Mrs. John T.
Smith, of Slocan, B. C, Box 50:
"It cured me of a disease which
was taking away all my strength,
helped me through the long months
before baby came and I have a big
strong baby girl, the moct healthy
and happy of all my three."
HAKES THE DIFFERENCE.
1: "¦'.:¦ *: ¦ ¦..',.' ¦ ',- ;.Have a Look at Them.
The , most beautiful . ladies' shoes ever
made will be sold to-morrow for, ; J1 85 a
pair. Only a few words about this shoe
Made of vici kid," hand . turned, stiiisl t
coin toe, worth $3 CO; sold for $1 85 at the
shoe trust sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Com
pany, 717 Market street, near Third. •
J. P. Sullivan of Salina, Kans., has a
horse, according to a report m- whose
right eye, there - Is a photograph, ot hit
wife. Hb - has been ; ottered $500 for the
horse, but he refuses to see It.. The photo
is said, to be a perfect likeness. Mrs Sul
livan was standing in T «ront of the horse
during an electrical storm, and veterinary
surgeons attribute to this . the < fact that
the photo appears In the horse's eye. Tha
sight ia not affected. - :**¦<< 7-""
SALINAS, Pec. 8,— Excitement over the
charge of intimidation and threats to kill
preferred by Miss Carrie V. Newman
against P. C. Farley, the ex-Deputy
Sheriff of Monterey County, was renewed
}hl S "^["i" 5 T' h f? u was announced that
the mind of the unfortunate youne
woman had given away under the strain
she has undergone. Miss Newman is a
mental wreck and: recognizes neither
friends nor relatives. She passed a night
of extreme restlessness and this moniTne
her physicians and friends resolved to re
iS2\ e h h ? r fr £ m thls , cit y to San Jose, hop
ing that a change of scene and the tender
care of relatives might restore her to her
normal state. When leaving for San Jose
f& iJ U f« 0US l y a PP« ale g bystanders at
£» n£ on t to » 8 . cu e her from Parley.
He still 1 claims Miss Newman's charges
bi r ack g nTa U lL d CSS and Say3 U g a case "'
SAN JOSE, Dec. 8. -Miss Carrie New
man is at her home here to-night a rav-
h n JLS£ nl , ac " >, Th !f ** ternoon she was
brought tocher homa on North Ninth
street by Rev. and Airs. A. H. ¦ Needham
of Salinas. Her mind has given way and
It is doubtful if she win recover. Several ¦
nurses are required to restrain hVr in
her ravings she-cries out to her friends'
"Don't let Farley shoot me." She is unl
able to recognize any of her family A
consultation of physicians this evenln
decided her case was acute mania. He°
death Is not an Impossibility.
Falls Dead on a Street.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. S.-Thomas Tay
lor, a Salt Lake capitalist and president
of the Utah Coal and Mining Company
dropped dead this morning at the corner
of /ifth and Main streets. Mr. TaK
and his wife and daughter had just ar
rived in the city. They came from the
Arcade station and were standing on thn
corner waiting for a car when Mr. Tay
lor suddenly collapsed and died almost
instantly, presumably of. heart dlseaj£
Ths body will be embalmed and returned
to Salt Lake for interment. - reiu ™ed
Descendant of Gypsy Chief.
STOCKTON. Dec. 8.— It has developed
that Mrs. Crain.who commltteed suicide
here yesterday evening by drinking car
bolic add. was a great-granddaughter of
Sparrow, the well-known chief . of the
gypsies. Her maiden name was Carrie
Sparrow. * - :.. -i -. € "" <s
Epeoial Dispatch to The CaJI.
Mind of the Salinas Young
Woman Gives Way Un
der Excitement..
MISS NEWMAN
BECOMES INSANE
Perishes of Fright.
PHOENIX. Ariz.; Dec. 8.-Mrs. Pedro
Garcia of Clifton was frightened. to death
on, a trestle near that place on Monday
8he was crossing the bridge when she
heard the engine . whistle and fell in |
faint. j Two women who were with her
carried her across the. bridge.' Just avo d
ng the train, but she was dead when they
laid her down. , ¦
Train Robber Captured-
Ariz., Dec. » S.-Franclsco
Gomez, a ; young ; Mexican, attempted to
hold up a train at Metcalf , near Clifton
He - stopped the • train and fired •• several
shot* at tne crew.; They answered th« rir«
?ur d ed he i a e te C r aPed £^ ?!^ "« w^caS
lice When Arrested.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.— Alice O'Donnel,
25 years of age, a trained nurse, while
visiting Mr. and Mrs. James Jones j of
Brooklyn last night,, killed . their 15
months-old son, Arthur Jones, cutting his
throat with a razor.
Miss O'Donnel, Mr* Jones sajd, evinced
considerable - Interest In the bringing un
of the child and was in the habit of call-
Ing at the Jones apartments at Intervals
Last night the woman was left alone with
the child for a while and after killing the
Hi tie one made her escape.
? When arrested to-day she admitted kill
ing the child, saying that her own baby
which was born eight months ago. was in
an institution and she did not seewhv
K?f? m l n s !\? u J d *? e a »«^ d to have her
child whenlhat privilege was denied as to
ner own • child. • . ¦ -
Admits Her Crime and Makes a Pe
- culiar Explanation to the Po
NTJRSE KILLS CHILD
WITH A RAZOR
ences.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 8.— The olive branch
has been extended and fears of a serious
clash between Senator Charles M. Short
ridge and James W. Rea have been quiet
ed. All was forgiven this afternoon when
the Senator limped into Rea's office and
extended his hand. A dozen persons were
present at the time, and at first there was
a seeming desire to scurry for shelter, but
the merry "ha ha" of Rea and the smile
of Senator Shortridge allayed all fearB.
Thp encounter of ' yesterday, with its
bruises and jars, was discussed, and Sen
ator Shortridge said the fight was only an
incident of the past. This lying down" of
the lion and the lamb together was the re
sult of efforts of the friends of the two
men. • 1 'sfflum
Principals in Friday's Encounter at
San Jose Adjust Their Differ-
SHORTRIDGE AND REA
ARE FOES NO LONGER
Captain Edward C. Beeson, assistant
surgeon. Twenty-ninth Infantry, now in
San Francisco, is ordered to Join his regi
ment in the Philippine Islands. Assistant
Paymaster C. J. Peoples is detached from
Mare Island Nnvy Yard and ordered tc
temporary duty at Puget Sound naval sta.
tion.
A fog bell is ordered to be established
on the northerly end of Alcatraz Island,
San Francisco harbor, by the Lighthouse
Board. > •• . ¦, . ;
Oregon — Original— Charles E. Seton
Baker ¦ City, *Q. Additional— George W.
Cockran, Eugene, $6. Increase-rCaleb Del
lenbeck, Portland. $12. War with Spain-
Widow— Mary Doty (mother); Eugene. $12.
Washington— Original — Harvey Wade
Davenport, $6.
¦ Pensions Issued: California — Original —
William T. Smith, Lookout, J6; Julius
Baenerlen, Soldiers' Home, Los' Angeles,
$10. Mexican war survivor— Increase-
James Crane. Santa Ana. $12. . '. .' '
•WASHINGTON, Dec. S.-Postmasters
commissioned: California— Alice. Johnston,
Willow" Ranch.. Oreeon— John L. Gay.
Crowley. Postmasters appointed: Wash
ington—H.W. Stowe, London. Chehalis
County, vice P. H. Egge. resigned; F. A.
Reed,- West Branch. Spokane County, vice
J. F. Palmer, resigned.
Granted.
Postof&ce Changes — £>ist of Pensions
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Plaintiff's counsel insisted tfcat the r.i
tion. to dismiss, if granted, would *pa>a
the way to an early settlement, while de
fendants' attorneys contended that it
would only result in a multiplicity ot
suits. The motion was taken under ad
visement.
Arguments in Wiekersham Case.
SANTA ROSA. Dec 8.— In the case of
Cora L. Wlckersham vs. Fred A. Wlcker
pham et al. t the motion of the plaintiff to
dismiss the action was argued at length
to-day in Judge Burnett's department of
thtt Superior Court. Counsel for both
sides Insisted that they desired an early
determination of all matters Involving the
respective contests, as this suit involves
the $28,000 agreement of the late Frank P.
Wiekersham that he would contest
neither his father's nor his mother's will.
Quiet Marriage-' Qereiribny at the
Horn* of the Bride's Mother in
Ross "Valley.
SAX RAFAEL, Dec. 8.— A quiet wedding
took place at Ross Valley this afternoon,
when Miss Grace E. Davis was married
to Harry Jennings Maxwell at the home
of her mother. Only a few friends were
present. The best man was Joseph Fyfe
Jr. of Stockton. The bride -was attended
by her sister. Mlsr. Est«lle Davis. The
ceremony was performed by. Rev. J.
Hutslnpiller of San Francisco. • v
The bride is a daughter of Mrs. J. B.
P, Davis of Ross Valley. She is beautiful
and accomplished and has a wide circle
of friends both here and in San Francisco.
Mr. Maxwell, the groom, is well known
in San Francisco, being the manager of
the Fidelity and Deposit Company of
Baltimore. After the ceremony Mr. and
Mrs. Maxwell departed for an extended
trip through the southern part of the
State.
Captures a Cattle Thief.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Dec. 8.— Sheriff B. F.
Clark of Solomonvill^, after a long chaso,
has captured Sam Tcnnel, a notorious cut
tle thief, who ha3 been Identified foi
months with a gang operating around the
San Carlos reservation.
H. J. MAXWELL^ WEDS
MISS GRACE K DAVIS
his flagship the Iowa, accompanied by the
Philadelphia, started southward at 6
o'clock to-night In pursuance of orders
from Washington. Ostensibly the fleet Is
merely taking its regular winter cruise,
which may extend south as far ac Aca
jutla, Salvador. If this he the case it is
deemed strange here that the departure
should not be delayed a few hours. AH
arrangements had been made for a ball at
the Hotel Coronado In honor of the ad
miral »and the squadron. Five or six hun
dred invitations had been issued. Mrs.
Kautz was among the patrons. The ball
is in progress, but the gentlemen of the
navy in whose honor it was arranged are
far down the coast. It is suggested here
that a considerate Navy Department
would not have hurried the ships away in
view of the circumstances unless the mis
sion were more imperative than a mere
cruise.
In view of the very decided stand taken
by the State Department in regard to'
May, the man held a prisoner at Guate
mala, it is thought here that Kautz's
squadron is likely next to be heard from
off' San Jose de Guatemala.
San Jose de Guatamala Believed to
Be the Destination of His Two
Warships.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. S.-Admiral Kautz on
ADMIRAL . XATJTZ SETS
SAIL FOR THE SOUTH
EUREKA, Dec. 8.-Mildred Durphy/
daughter of Bradley F. Durphy, head of
the Industrial department of the Vance
Redwood Lumber Company, commenced
suit to-day against C. E.Pearsall, the well
known timber land dealer, for defamation
of character. She asks for $20,000 dam
ages. This action is the climax to a num
ber of sensations which have sprung from
the marital affairs of B. F. Durphy. who
is now under arrest on a charge preferred
by a woman who calls herself Margaret
Durphy. In her complaint Margaret Dur
phy alleges thnt while. she was the wife
of the defendant he was openly living
with another woman, whom he afterward
married. The suit of Miss Mildred Dur
phy the daughter, 'springs out of this
charge against her- father. She alleges
that G. E. Pearsall slandered her by say
ing: - .
n l do not believe that she is Durphy's
daughter. I believe she Is some tancy
woman he is keeping."
Between Pearsall and- Durphy, the
father of Mildred Durphy, there has been
*n enmity for some time. The two men
were associated in promoting .the sale of
the John . Vance Mill and Lumber. Com
pany nlant to Eastern capitalists. They
differed and began airing their troubles
In the courts, each attacking the char
acter of the other, Durphy still worked
on the sale of the. Vance plant and suc
ceeded two months ago in disposing of it
to A. B. Hammond of Missoula, Montana,
and others, who Incorporated as the
Vance Redwood Lumber Company. With
this new company Durphy accepted a
position as manager. of the industrial de
partment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Young Woman Wants Dam
ages for Alleged Defama
ion of Character.
SUES EUREKA
LUMBER KING
WILLIAMS. Ariz., Dec. S.-Sanford
Rowe. one of the oldest residents of this
county and Its wealthiest stock man. was
perhaps fatally wounded by an unknown
assassin to-day near the Grand Canyon of
the Colorado. A charge of shot entered
his back just above the belt. In which ho
was carrying a six shooter. The revolver
was struck and badly bent and left a bis
imprint on his body.
Rowe is a powerful man and may re
cqver. although this is doubtful. He has
been a peace officer for years and was de
feated for the shrievalty at the late elec
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sanford Rowe Receives a
Probably Fatal
Wound. 1
ARIZONA PEACE
OFFICER SHOT
PEN'NGROVE, Dec. 8. -John Peter Sie
mens, a well known German citizen o*
Penngrove, Is confined, In a prison at
Hamburg, Germany, and according to re
cent advioeB received by relatives her*
he will not fare easily at the hands of
the Government of his fatherland. Eight
years ago Siemens, then a-boy of about
17 years, departed from his native coun
try, taking up his residence here with his
uncle, the late B. Harms. Being subject
to military service at the time of his de
parture, he pledged himself in writing to
return and serve 'out his time whenever
the Government should require him to do
so. In due time Siemens was notified to
return, but Instead of complying with his
promise he informed the officials that he
had not the least intention of spending
the allotted two years in the army.
Meanwhile Siemens became a natural
ized citizen of the United States, and be
litvlnp that this removed his liability to
service in the German army he left here
last September for a six months' visit
at home. No sooner was his presence In
Germany made known to the officials
than he was placed in iail, where he will
be compelled to remain until a $300 tine
is served out, after which he must serve
three years in the army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
John P.- Siemens Is Placed Under
Arrest and Thrown Into Jail
While on a Visit to the
Fatherland.
MDST SERVE IN IMPERIAL ARMY
PenngroTe Resident Incurs
Wratn of the Kaiser's
Government
CALIFORNIA
CITIZEN IN A
GERMAN PRISON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIV SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900.
MTTBDESED BY HOBBKRS.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. S.— Three days
apo Jesus Jauregul, one of the smelter
foremen of the Arizona. Copper Company
at Clifton, was murdered by robbers. The
murderers entered the house of the vic
tlme during the nlglit, battered out his
brains and looted the place, obtaining a
large sum of money and some Jewelry.
Mexicans are believed to have committed
the crime. ' • -
16
wZ^ Extra holiday preparations for satisfactory shopping. Ertrything appropriately boxed and engra red and stored for future dellnry
fc It i 3
1^ h HINT FOR CHRISTMAS BUYERS We have made grander and more extensive
5= A mill run UnniOliriHO UUIL.no. preparations for the holiday trade this year 5
than at any previous season. Begin your shopping now. This Is the most oom- s
mZ fortable time. NOW there is ample leisure to choose from complete stocks with- ¦ 3
outhurry, without Inconvenience. We are anxious thatyou should be surely served
g= with the promptness and satisfaction which are always chief endeavors here. -3
| A HOLIDAY SALE OF BLACK SILKS. 1
5: A Silk Sale begins h«re to-morrow which' will be anxiously looked forward to by thousands of
£= holiday shoppers. We have been holding back a large invoice of the FINEST SILKS that came to us 3
SZZ ttroujrh a SPECIAL DEAL, with a noted silk maker. Every yard has been manufactured for this fall em- -^
gp tracing the choicest styles and weaves. Kealizing the number of b'ig Silk Sales we have held this l2
•£= seascn, we have made EXTRA EFFORTS for this event. For a holiday gift we can suggest toothing
fc more appropriate than a Black Silk pattern for a stylish suit or waist. ° -g
¦¦— ¦ - . -^»
SH <M "ktZ YARD for ».75 PEAU DE SOIE. 21 Q*?^ YARD for 5L25 SWISS TAFFETA 27 Inches US
SI.23 lr - ches a , E , u P e J 1 or ?•" O/C . wlde . a W lustrous sllkT brilliant ta ?%- 3
SI l#^^ -uaranteed; special price ... .&1.2G Yard ¦ lsh. a dependable quality. 13
S^= — value; Bale price .87c i Yard
¦*- (hi FA YARD for $100 BLACK ARMURE, a ; : —
•»- Tfll rjll Inches wide, extra hea\-y quality, war- <t» g tg\ YARD for 51.60 BONET rmFRQ tat? ""*•
mZ C* I 1 ff YARD for J1.75 BLACK GROS GRAIN, ' 3
i A SPECIAL OFFERING IN HANDKERCHIEFS. • c p . pe _ nM n — — — | 3
g- ' Tbocetr.e* cf doiem or Men'i, Womra'i and Chtldren'f Hand- UULl CAPES ON SPECIAL SALE. 3
5^ kerchief that -r*re purchsied especially for th» holiday trado viu.inu unuui ---•
«»«— «re on dleplay sow. Tbey embrace the prettiest effects In hem- GC K.f\ ET«»tf%i% -^
y~ Btltchoi. revered, ambroiaered and lace; al«> a complete line of »3w«WW CdClli —^
•w- Ir.!t,:al HtLTKlkeTxrhiefs prettily boxed, suitable for trifts. The foi- v*#^-»i. ».^ ~.~. JJe,
*~- latrtr.e fpecla.1 prices will Insure a big -week's selling: Worth SIOOO and $12. OO. , =3
0^ O=I/- HO?:— Children't Initial Handkerchiefs, with fancy bor- . n Yt*,I W «^ StA n^l th ? '^P 108 of a l»«fe manufacturer. -^2
»- -Ot <ifrs. a good quality, put up in pretty boxes. Special. ???, l .. *JJ?,™5 . L . r ' aced on to-morrow ¦ at a price
per t.ox. Oc. of thi e^«t i f 3 ?l* ny V^* bu^ rs - They are inade -^
JHZ~ EACH -Ladies' pure llaen. fancy embroidered ana lace fshed in the SeF^po^^Tble manner 5 B £?i? e HM Bh f wlB 8nd """
£ J25 r cd r^i?ue i^ kercwefs ' ib maay cew etyles and de - H^^?3i^i^SS^^ M
Z^. OSC^» EACII —Hundreds of the newest and most beautiful ._ V ' "^
y* ftyl^s in Ladles' Handkerchiefs, in a fascinating variety """^ '^^^•^—mmmmmmw^—m—^u^^a^m "^t
J^: cr embroiaerod and lace eCects. traxranted pure linen; most of > — _ ...^ _ -^
fc SKsSaaaa ,™ .,»« iszss. s^^J A GRAND silk waist— se.so each. %
»Wv hemstitched, with a pretty hand-embroidered Initial. COOO VAI lir *o r\n, ~~*
J^Z Good value at 15c. vvvu »MtUt >a,UO. — »
| m-s ikitial HAsDKEscBiEFs. tirznjsz srlf ~l||fliMM^;£F t; ~ 1
I " THAT TREMENDOUS GLOVE PURCHASE. c s uo 7 v 5 ES I
ZZ J^ls was the glove opportunity of the year. There were about 4000 pairs of hijrhest trrnAt> Ta For Z2
5: flies' Gloves In this one purchase that we secured at praetlcallv our own price Everv oar wnfm.l" =5
SI for this fall, of the finest selected Ekins. the best workmanship, the lateS atltcSd^iX t wS rill IA 2
laree fashionable clasps; in colors of tan. mode. gray, ox blood and black- in allslzes W" 1(1 "^
Prudent Buyers l^^^f^S'^^^^J^l^J^^- p^ lr : ih I » ¦ U
fc- fitted and guaranteed. 'T£**" van, ¦ p a j r
m^- . ¦ -^
% STERLING SILVER NOVELTIES. 50c CASHMERE HOSE A PETTICOAT BARGAIN i
t- Our assortment of Eterltos Silver Novel- nni _.,_ Al «^ _ WnM!l ~2
E U ¥«?h n a^ssra^b«. Ta W e Ben,. - 331c PAIR. Sj.95 FOR A S3. 00 SKIRT. 3
i^--^-"--™— n o^er^ s^r sh^r--""- i
5= 35c. OOc to 91.OO each. from buMnefs. we closed out 325 dlztn furer^ewW^onev^"Jh^riJlfr. man J a « ac ; =^
fc Piles. Seal,. Memorandum Books. Dress- Ladies* 60c Cashmere Hose for less than them. These fl^ sWrts arl rnld^o fh- 12
tec end Pocket Comba. mounted with Bter- Import price. They are strictly all-wool, best Mercerized ital Ian clofh finished w
SI lln« cilver. fast black dye, an excellent finished stock- a deep accordeon plaited nL™ mi V """*
tr 25c. 35e. 5Oe to *1.OO *ach. »^i »'«• S t0 i0 - to »>• offered to-mor- fle; ,£ oolow To? K "oyar^b/u"" ™d"
5fc= TVe also carry a very large line of Hat. Cyrano and black ; a ?3 00 skirt ' ' . 3
Clcthes and Ha'.r Brushes In Eterlln* ell- • QQ 1 !* Pair Ca» 0i OC
g- ver and ebony, at prices most reasonable. OU3u Fall ¦ fQj 12
fc= QRP YARI1 f °L £li 7 JL Rl ARK fiflfin^ *v.. TVe ?'^ * Phenomenal Black Goods business last week To m^w»
r- SOU IMHU and S2.OO Dl-HUK OUUUOi «,ls week doubly IntereaUns we shall offer 50 nieces handsome eff^ts
•fc ===ZZ==I====III======Z==Z perola* and Silk Crepons, the greatest values eve" OQu v?nil
wm- known, at the unprecedentedly low price of...... .-;.... OOG YARD =5
fc . - Regular %\ 75 and $2 00 Values. -*»
10c TENNIS FLAN- country orders receive prompt attention. A HOLIDAY !^
5z LTi II V S R > 1 1 A tl cc
" *^ ' r1 |*g>Sr i horn and Dresden. ' ~S
regular 10c goods. m i~~^^^P^xtt^ C II I o -^tt
Pretty I
Celluloid or Ebony I
I Toilet Cases for $li°2
\\ c arc now ready with our Christmas goods— large assortment— £
many kinds and styles— fancy goods at cut rates, same as drugs. Q
Celluloid Case Manicure Sets §
j Brush. Comb an* Mirror f 1.00 In Ebony or containing |
Ebony. Case S^S^!^|3^ : SS 1
¦ BruFh ana Oomb, silver trim- »
Celluloid Case " °° Shaving Sets |
\ pane, Si!k ».„,.. «,T,t«mir,«. In baodswne Celluloid Case, with • B
T *%ZJ: a £J£ n ill- ¦*£££*£?- Raaor. Mu K «nd Scissor. *2.OO |
bos»ed la colors 91.25 3jj
§ Ebony Case Handkerchief Boxes I
Brush. Con\b and Mirror, rtw- '¦ In Fancy Floured Celluloid, silk ' B§
list: silver mounting-* JtZ.OO llnlr.g; from 25c to ?1.OO each. B
t-« t> '¦:: '¦'¦ K'- : "'-''¦¦- ''¦'•'' ' " A
Loony idbes filnvp Rnvac P
? large assortment, both plain WUVC UUAC3 p
lS^1r^ t ' rl!n ' ellr «2SS U f a t "«tK«A to FanC3r F 1^^ Celluloid, allk R
* »ne«. irom *2.OO to 915.OO llnlnpf ; from 25« to each. |
Celluloid Cases; ,. . H . r . I
* An «fli« 8 variety; a:i th. n*w Mexican Hand-Carved I
ldeae. from 9U.OO to f 2O.OO ¦ -« - K
r*Aff»J -,«^i r « d Leather Ooods g
C0 J f r,f ?n CU I^^°n XeS ComblnatIon ™« Boo... f3.00. |
Cclluloia Collar and Cuff Boxes; and as low as ftl.OO each. **
Afferent rtyles and flies, txom Coin Purses J .... . 2"Se ¦
¦^ ?1.OO to ifi.OO B et letter Cases f ..'.'.!!f2.25 ¦
SOLID EBONY TOILET ARTICLESWITH SILVER MOUNTINGS
Hair Brushes. Tooth and Nail Brushes, Cloth Brushes. Hat Brushes
V elvet Brushes, Combs, Mirrors, Soap Boxes. -
Solid Ebony Military Hair Brushes— Endless Variety.
Roger & Gallet Perfumery Novelties direct from Paris.
Sir mi A lTv n
jTheOwlDriifCo.J
| WJM CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS, K« I
I j^jk San Francisco and Oakland iiffr I
1 1 28 Market St. Tenth and Broadway j^^^ 1
BEFORE DURINQ AFTER
General Debility .^k
World Famous- Marian! Tonic
m!v\§M^ F °R B0DY AND BRA!N
Binca 1S63, Endorsed by Medical Profession.
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
X At DruggU't's "Ewrywher*. "Rifuie Substitutes.
ADVERTISEMENT3L
XMAS SPECIALTIES
FINE FELT, FUR^TRIMMED.
HAND-TURNED SOLES... $1.00
The same style in Quilted Satin.
black or red 1 .31)
See Our Line of Ladies'
FANCY SLIPPERS
For th«
Holiday Trade.
75c # j
MEN'S FINE IMITATION AL-
LIGATOR SLIPPERS — per '
pair 73c
No More Acceptable
HOLIDAY PRESENT
Than One of Our
SHOE ORDERS.
Phslan Building:,
812-814 Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Made Her
Beautiful
Every Lady In the Land Can Now
Have a Beautiful Skin.
A TRIAL~BOX FREE.
Every lady who sends her name and address
will receive by mall free a trial treatment of a
celebrated beauty's remedies for beautifying
the • complexion. It Is net a fact powder,
cream, cosmetic or bleach, contains no oli,
crease, paste or chemicals and Is absolutely
the only successful beauty maker known.
-Helen II. Ralston, f2S Lexington Avo.. New-
port, Ky., has a complexion fair as a May day
~-$m The Famous Kentucky Beauty. J^
queen. She says of It: — "I cannot see why any
lady should continue. to lack a beautiful com-
plexion. Before I used. this wonderful remedy
my face was In a most wretched condition, lit- '
tie pimples, | blackheads, freckles and moth
patches continually worrying me to : distrac-
tion. They seemed . to break out anew ' every
day -Just to torment me to : death, and while 1
used at least a' hundred different kinds of skin
foods, cosmetics; i powders v and everything 1 l
could hear, of, . one and all were complete fail-
ures. I sent for a free trial to MME. M. RI-
BAULT, and the effect was most encouraging.
I kept up the treatment and of course you can
tee "for' yourself '"what , It did, for* nie. .-It. Is
marvelous and every , lady should : s*nd for th»
free ! trial." , ' Do ' not delay -but ' write imme-
diately. The remedy 1 Is harmless, '¦; a ; . natural
beauty maker, and will permanently remove all
tan, freckles, moth * patches,', pimples, black-
heads, flesh: worms, sunburn, chapa,. roughness
and; any. and ; all skin ¦ Imperfections no' matter
what they, may be. . . ': ¦ ; -<
Write to-day without fall and the free treat-
ment s wlll be mailed prepaid with full direc-
tions and all particulars absolutely: free.' Ad-
dress MMB. '*. M/y IUBAULiT, 1254 Elsa bid*.,
Cincinnati, O. ¦ .
I need 3
I an I
I o v e r - j
coat 1
You know you need an If
overcoat. You know H:
you're risking health with- j|
out one. h
You know there is abso- ||
lutely no common sense in 9
3 taking chances, this kind t
1 of weather. |
I Men's Overcoats |
f| One kind are heavy and long II
Eg and warm — fine for these cold, m
H wet wintery days. fl
R - Another kind are built .for S
3 style. Shorter, of lighter material S
1 and quite nobby. B
w Another kind between the two E
j — heavy enough for coldest days — H
I of newest styles, and full of wear M
n Usual Jio overcoats selling at $ 7.50 9
1 Usual 12 overcoats selling at ' 8.60 H
I Usual 15 overcoats sellingat 11.60 M
I Usual 20 overcoats selling at 15.00 n
fl Usual 25 overcoats selling at 20.00 K
3 No use to pay more than Red Front prices, t
I Boy's Overcoats \
I Overcoats for boys from jj
¦ 3 to 19 years of age. |
9 Nobby little coats, every- |
I one of them and most |
a reasonably priced. 1
I Ages 3 to 10— Tan covert $5 & 56 |
I Ages 4 to 12 — Cheviots 4.°° « I
H Ages 8 to 14-Oxford greys 7.50 ea I
i Ages 14 to 19-New tweeds 7-5° ea n
H Ages 14 to 19-Tan coverts 8.00 ea ?
I Ages 14 to 10-Oxfordgreysio.oo ea IGerman f.ivir.prs an.1 Loan Society to Frank j
Plohon. let S. block i. Marion tract. tJouO; Cal- ¦
lfornia. Titl# Insurant* and Trust Company to ]
The<xii>r>e lii<-hartis. lot on N'E corner Four
teenth and Koifom strei-ts, X 27:54. K ?9:.76,
S Si!. W lOflL $3."'X>; John Mintt'tn to J. \V.
Wrtstot a Bona Investment CamvenT, lot on
W line of Pnrtv-fifth a\«nuc. 2i". N of C street.
K is. w i^'. e rs. w u'o. s rs, e 120. s 25. e
130, tl.mi): .1 ! :i Ijennoa et al. to Joseph K.
Doian. lots .TH, ZZi an«l :X5, plft map 2. ROW;
estate of Henrj' T-b«lraann to Robert \V.
I/>''f. lot on S line of Hay«^s street. 200 W
<f <; >ush. T.-.X120. JiVK>: James A. Watt to C.
A. MscCollnm. undivi<*»J one-quarter of lot on
s lir.e'of .Hayes street. So "W or Laguna. E5z
:.•". jriX"-: Magpie Epaa to Alexander Bond.
lot r r\ S line of Grove ptrer-t. Kl:3 W of Lacuna.
SSxCQ, %"**¦: Pacific Mutual Benevolent and
L^an Asfi-x-iatior. to Jennie T. Watt, lot on
E linf »l rx»vls3ilero street. f6:9 N of Klrtley.
37^>ni?:i". S.-.5O0: Fr«?d?rtck 11. Hulting to Edwin
XV. Jlennett, l"t on B line of Dolores Mreet.
K3:< S >H Fiftepnth. C UtlVi, SE 40:9. W
173:1^' 1-:,. N ML S3O.J0: S. H. Harmon Lumber
Company to W. M. Gi'lespie. lot on N line of
Ariry F'.r^^t. 74:10 E <.l Dolores. X 76. E 70.
F 3S. S?W to Army. Zi. J4OOO; Thomas F. Mc-
Lau^hlin to John Moriarity, lot on NW liae
of Natoma Mtreet, 225 NE of Seventh*. 23xT3,
14000; Larbary Thorn to F. E. Davenkosen,
lot on N lice of r.ueh ttreet. 11<2:6 W of Pierce.
r7:6xl37:6. l&<rf>; John Sti^rlen to William P.
Giynn, lot on E line ff Clayton street. 196 S
cf Frederick. SSxtOlO. jr>r00; G. B. tkindero to
Gujr.ierr.o Pardini. lot oa E line of Greenwich
alley. US:('i N" of .Greenwich street, 2S:4*;x
f-i':l ! ; . JOXi: Caroline lU&ssl to Thoina* Day
Corr.jiany. lot on XW line of Minna street. l'jT>
f\V -)f Third. 20x55. ?•»""<••: Marj- C. Braynard
to Xathan Frank, lot <.a XE line of Hampton
j-'la-e, SS £E of Folsoir. etreet, 27x55. J&00;
eetmtt of J. D. Ftr.iley to J. Willis and M.
¦U'inter. lot en SE cvrner of Broadway and
Jones street*. C0x47, Jl'MS; Mary C. Braynard
to Xatfcan Frank, lot on XE line of Hampton
Jila'*. \>% SE of Fols=om street, 27x55, $3500;
Caroline Wilson to John J. S. Fey, lot on W
line of Van Nes? Knout, 47:6 S of Filbert
etreet, 27:€\lV:3. J3iH>0: Grattan D. Phillips to
.Tohn II. lli^r.iman. l<n on \V line of Van
Ness avenue. 30 X of Union street. 27xlCr.: 1 »«x
Zlx-'-x^^yi.. tvm; William E. White to Wil
liam Ii. Goorge, lot «iti \V line of Guerrero
•treet. 84 N cf Liberty. 30x100, t2"00-
William B. Glidd<?n to Henry T. Peter
ecn, lot on \V line of Shotwell street.
3P1 S of Twenty-w-.ond, DSxl22:6. (2306;
Patrick Hasan et al. to James C. Willis.
r.orth line of Green Ft'.eet 234:2 cast of Hyde
ESxM. JJ'iK): Rudolph L. to Henry Ryder!
north wer.t line cf Bryant rtreet. 300 southwest
of Third. 2ZxU<. JS'jOO; John W. Weber to
Tubbs Cordage Comiar.y. »e*t line of Minne
sota street. lS5:SVi south of Twenty-second
»xl22:6. 11000; J. W. Wright & Sons Inve3t
«nent Companr to John H. Sherry, southwest
corner of J and Thirty-ninth streets. 600x2-10.
J«>!0; William Wankowski to Jean Bedecarrats
«ast line of Devisadero Ftreet. U2sf south of El
lis. 25xlI7:fi. I3;&i>; Thomas McCarty to W. H.
and C. T. Reed, west line of Clayton street, 27x
S6:m4. KjOO; Franz E. V*. Slebrecht to Lange
Investment Company, r^rth line of Vallejo
Ftrett, 130 east of Larkin. »\3:€x€2:6x5ex7Sx27-6x
337.6. t'.WO: Adeline 31. Epplnger to Morris
Meyerf5'-ld Jr., southwest line of Fourth street
te northwest of Folsom, S.'xSO. 14250; Michael J.
Soctt to Ijmnlcca L. de Knauft, east line of
TTventy-fouith avenue. 131 north of Point Lo
bog aver.ue. SZxlW. tlZ'tO: Jennie M. Madison to
Carl C Cross, north lire of Vallejo street. 2*)
Wrest of Webster. 25xl37:C. $.%00; John I>. Fry to
William G. L»»a!e. north line of Vallejo street
;05 east of Fillmore. 32:0x127:0. $J"»j; Marcaret
Wall to Matilda Herlemaiin, east line of Brod-
street. IM:It nortn of Sutter. 50:2xVf»,
KSW: John Otten to Joachim Bassen. north line
of McAllister ptreet. 106:3 east of Masonic ave
rt:*-. tOx;27:C, tCfXXi; William IL Hardy to
Stephen Lajromareino, north line cf Clay street.
€0 west of Stockton. li«:r,*ix£S:S, $3000; Bertha
BcfamM to Uer.r>- E. Both:n, east line of Van
N«f avenue. 27:8 «iouth at Pacific avenue 25x
10". JC:/.f; F. E. end E.lee IL Nelson to Julia
Coachct, south line <*t G»«*n street, 22S east of
Lacuna. 1^x127:0, $50«0: Mary J. Rsmpe et al.
to John M'Kenna. west line of Webster street.
81:6 south of Fulton. ;£x?2:6, J350*; Jacob
6chloss»-r to Jamee Tyson, north line of Green
•treet. 30 w«t of Fcott. 42:6x107:6. $5000; T. Tl.
and Ar.nle E. Draj#r to Katherine McDonald,
east line cf Tremor.t avenue, £25:6 south of
Kredcrick street. 2?:6xS0. S30W; California Title
Insurance and Truet Company to Thomas
Quitfley. eouth line of Thirteenth street. 123.02
west of Treat avenue, west 23x117x25x10x11*,
fl400; Co:r.m«>reSal Buildir.R and Ix>an Asso
claticn to Charles M. and Mttilda WelFhous.
eouth line of Cumberland street. 105 west of
Church. S0xll4. $1400; Jaraes J. and Rose Ann
Kelly to Maria Evans, west line of Florida
•treet, 156 north of Twenty-third. 26x100, $1500;
Christian and Louipe Haltum to Henry Simon.
north line of Twer.ty-third street. 230 west of
Xo~. 2->xU4. tatW: William T. Eldracher to
Ch&Vles J. Eldraefcer, northeast corner of Sev
ecth and Xr.toma -treets. 7Cx7j. fWOO: Josephine
Desprez to John J. Mehegau. northwest line of
Bruce place, 25 southwest of Harrison avenue
30x75 J2000.
The Humboldt Savings and Loan So-
Estate of rra.nces 1^. Wilson to Anna R.
H«?nok<\ E. tjtemer. Ti S. Post. JC500;
J. O. Demins to Catherine Lrf-avitt. N\V. Kar
kin and 1." Jdy. 2SxS5. C2C.M0; Walraven E. J.
Van Ralvaren to Ler.a A. Doinouriez. SE. Sut
ter and liuohanan. K7:6xI37;C KZ.'W, William
W. I>ixr.n to Timothy J. M.'yTiihan. S. Fol
fon and Fremnnt. i0f>xS7:C. 135.000: Henry
6. Martin to Antonio (Vrruti. >'!>. Bay and
Taylor. S. 120. }\ <$:«•. JC. €". E StU. X. *i.
W. !l.s. s?Wii': G»-^rgp L. Onrroll to J. B. Oli
ver. N\V. N<K- and Valley. W. 560. t= E. 4V..
>>'. SI:6, E. l(&. H. 176:6. ROW: Catharina M.
I«ar.rp to Merohar.ts' Ice and Cold Storage
Company, PE. Lombard and Montgomery. U»*
137:0. Jli'.Cf«!: Amelia l^nanuel and H. S. Dan*
to Amelia K. Sh>rman and LtXXiC K. I>ana. N.
I'acific avenue, 2i2:<S W. Ocu^h. 3'>xl34:6. II 7.<w.
The smaller sales on record were as fol
lows:
During the last week ninety-one deeds
have been placed on record. The ma
jority represented comparatively small
investments. The larjrest consideration
was J75.O00. paid by the Paciric States
Telephone and Telegraph Company to the
Sharon Estate Company for tnV property
previously mentioned as having b^en sold,
on the southeast line of Minna street.
Other considerations were as follows:
The sales of realty in the city and
county of San Francisco last month
amounted to $1.3'il.063, and numbered 251.
The mortgages were 347 In number and
the amounts reached a total of $1,252,701.
There were 261 releases. representing
5S33.E22. Therefore, for many months the
mortgapps were ahead of the release?,
both in number and value. Of the mort-
Cagc-s one bank handled 120 and the other
banks had 109. Private individuals hold
IIS of the mortgages. The sales of the
memh were distributed by sections and
descriptions as follows:
Fifty varas, 17. ££1,450; lOO vara*?. 1?. *216.
9SS-: city *lii> and water lots 1. t55C«).
South Beach 1, {3^W; Potrero IS. $31,6oo; Mis
sion Addition C:>. JlSI.C.;;; Clinton and Sarah
W. Jones to Winifleid S. Davis. \V. I>visa
<!ero. C6:3'j. N". Pacific MiS^eIST^. S3.-..000:
Westfrn Addition K. t^A 760- South San Kran
cisc-o is, iHt.SIo; Outside L^nds 21. Hj.sSO.
Some of the Notable Sales of the
Week, Showing the Price
Current for Prop
erty.
Review of the Conditions in
San Francisco and
Vicinity.
MOVEMENT OF
REAL ESTATE
. The combination auction sale of real
estate of the entire holdings of the estate
of Eugene Kelly in this city and of vari
ous properties offered by the Hibernla
Savings . and . Loan Society • will be - held
In the last week the ' executors of the
Sutro estate have sold .through; Shain
wald, Bucklee & Co, thirty-three lots in
outside land blocks 720 and 721, seven
teen in the latter and sixteen in ".the
former. The latter block is on the great
highway between J and K streets and
the former between I and J streets. .The
executors have therefore decided to sell
another block, 816, between K. and L
streets. I . ' : .'¦¦ '¦"' * '." '.'¦¦* '.
A lot. 50x105, on the north line of Green
street, 53:1% east of Devlsadero, for $7500; 'two
Hats on the east Fide of 'Fremont avenue, near
Frederick street, for $5250; a house and lot on
Twenty-third street, between Church and San-
Chef, for {2500; a lot, 26x108, with a house, on
the north side of Clement street. ' 55 feet west
of Klghth avenue, on private terms; two lots,
25x100 each, on the 'south line , of California
street south. 132:6 west of Second avenue, fur
$700 each; a house and a lot on the east . side
of San Bruno avenue, near Twenty-fifth street,
for $850; a gore lot» on the north line : of Pa
cific avenue, near Central, for $12,500; a lot,
30x127:8*4. on the south line of Clay street.
105:4 west of Cherry, for $2000, and lot 1. block
H, of the College Heights Tract. for $1750.
McAfee Brothers report the following
sales:
Humboldt Bank to Lena A. Demouriez, south
east corner Sutter and Buchanan. $20,000. for
two years at C per c^nt; German Savings Bank
to William C. and Huldah Hlldebrandt and
Max ar.i Bertha Posner, 85x28xl20xlHx60xSSxW),
on the north line of Jackson street, 85 feet
east irom Front, $32,000, for one year at 7 per
cent: San Francisco Savings Union to Laura
M. Taylor. 77:6x127:8%, on the north line of
Washington street, 60 cast from Polk, deed of
trust, 114.000: Hibernla Savings and Loan So
ciety to L. H. Sly. on property on the south
line of Turk street, 137:6x137:6. 137:6 west from
Larkln. $25,000. for one year at 6 per cent-
Huroboldt Savings Bank to Amelia E. Sherman
and Lizzie K. Dana, $20,000. for two yean at
6 per cent, en north line of Pacific avenue,
west from Gough. 30x134:6. and on north line
of Turk street, 81:2 west from Taylor.
ciety has released to W. E. J. Van Bal
varen the southeast corner of Sutter and
Buchanan Ktreets. $15,500; Samuel C. Mur
phy has released to Oscar T. and Marie
J. Lunlnj? the northeast corner of Stock
ton and Vallejo streets and the southeast
corner of Broadway and Hyde streets,
the consideration being $67,500; Schewa
Levy has released to Cordelia A. Kohler
property twenty-live by one hundred feet
on the northwest line of Market street,
227:11V4 feet southwest from Jones, the
consideration being $25,000. These were
the principal releases of the week.
Larger loans and deeds of trust are re
corded as follows:
; .The most novel provision made In a will
is that of a : St.' Louis .woman ' that her, re
mains be incinerated and the ashes min
gled with those of her husband la the urn
where his already repose. _ .
The high explosive lyddite, which was
used extensively by the British In tha
South African war. Is now ialil to have
•been deficient In several important re
spects, and it is said that few of the shells
fired from tho Celt! pieces exploded *»tU
tactorUar.
Do not - delay.' I This • week .the greatest
shoe bargains in the world. You can wear
good' and stylish > shoes by buying -"them
right in the right place.' $3 shoes for men
and women to-morrow for $1'35 a pair, at
the assignee shoe sale': of the Boston, 775
Market street; near Fourth. ': *
Come Along.
The word "bedlam" is a corruption of
the word "Bethlehem." and originated as
a synonym for chaos at the time when the
house of Bethlehem, occupied by a ilBter
hood in London, became an insane asy
lum. The treatment of the insane In the
early part of the sixteenth century was
not well understood, and It was necessary
to frighten the patient out of his lunacy.
All Hurts of awful expedients were resort
ed to. among them "surprise floors."
which slipped from under the feet: "sur
prise baths" and flogging at the period of
most severe illness. Hence the -name
"bedlam." the result of incorrect spelling,
possibly, came easily to stand for awful
things.
What "Bedlam" Means.
Tames Roosevelt.
NEW YORK. Dec 8.— James RooaavaXt
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 1 8.— Charles Mc-
Caul. one of .the most prominent, builders
in this country, died at his home here to
day of pneumonia, aged about 55 years.
Mr. : McCaul was ¦ born in Londonderry,
Ireland.- His attention at the time of hia
death was occupied" closely . by the new
United States Mint building, which he
was pushing rapidly toward completion.
Charles McCaul:
NAPA, Dec. 8.— William H. Coombs, a
native of California, aged 55 years, died
yesterday. Mr. Coombs was a graduate
of the West Point Military Academy, be
ing commissioned second lieutenant of
cavalry- Shortly afterward he resigned.
For a number of years he held "a position
in the Mint at. San Francisco. He was a
brother of Hon. F) L. Coombs, Congress
man-elect from this district-
William H. Coombs.
died in this city to-day. He was chair
man .of the- executive committee of tho
Maritime Canal Commission of Nicaragua,
president of the Champlain Transporta
tion Company and vice president of th«
Delaware and Hudson. Company. Ho wu
7a years old.
David Bush & Son have sold to C.
van de- Bogart* ten acres' and to Joseph
Jullien twenty ., acres in ., the San Martin
ranch at the rate of $100 per acre.
The Supervisors of Contra Costa County
wHI open bids on -the 29th inst.' for ma
terials i, and , labor, for constructing a
Court-house at Martinez.
Another, indication: of the tendency of
"manufacturing to -, locate south of Mar
ket street is the removal of the Went
worth Switzer Shoe Company; which has
gone . to the Taussig building at 26 Main
street. ~ Y . ¦" "¦>¦ '¦ .: ¦' -' '". '¦¦
R. Tutt,' for a three-story building, flats, on
the northwest corner of Golden Gate and Sey
mour, avenues, $7613.
i Johanna Strecker with H. F. Greeb, - for a
one ¦ story . and basement frame cottage on the
west line of Tenth, avenue, ; $1430; R. P. Meril
llor. with Felix TMarcuse, remodeling two-story
frame building on the northwest corner of Sut
ter and- Baker streets, $5400; J. l£? Scheper with
William Linden, for a three-story frame build-
Ing with, brick foundation, -flats, on the east
line of Polk street, 65, feet north from Filbert
$5496; John 'A. .Lennon". with -W. A.- Hicks for
rainlner, brick." carpenter and mill work for "an
additional story, for: two-story frame 'building
on the north side 'of Eddy street. ; 17 feet west
from Gough, J55O1; W. R. Meyers with Robert
Pieper.-for a one and a half story building on
the west line > of. First avenue, $2700; John O
Cook £'-*Co. ¦ wlth^ the California Concrete Com
pany, for a five, story - and basement brick
building on the northeast line ••¦ of - Fremont
street. 1S3:4 southeast • from. Market street
$5325; Patrick Call ill with R. J. Pavert and E*.
On the east' aide. of Van; Ness avenue, south
fronV Green street, $3200; 'William J. Dlngee
with Georjfe Braenlein, for hardwood finish In
residence -beinK remodeled at- the northeast
corner of Washington and Franklin streets.
112.675. '
in Sherman & Clay's Hall,- 228. Sutter
street, on ; Wednesday- and Thursday of
the present week, by B. P. Oliver. The
event has awakened a great deal of inter
est. ¦¦ '-;¦¦ ¦-•¦¦ ¦>:.'.¦> ••-.¦¦ • . •
G. H. Umbsen-& Co. will. auction prop
erties on Monday.
' Contracts for buildings have been re
corded'as follows:
l'HE SAN FRANU1BCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBERS, 1900.
17
THE DAY'S DEAD.
THE EMPOBiy 1L^^ | ? THE EMPORIUM. | THE .EMPOBIXTBL | [¦'-': THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
Kid Glove Sale. Special Sale WWMW. JF RfflE^&a^Hil IBkill S P ecial Sale of $2.50 Shoes, $1.69.
p™ m si. 1 ,. 3 o,,».Mond. y ,l,mo 1 r t , B^Oolrfen1fcuteBa*zauiir!. "i "^,^z^. "^/^f^ S"lrsti jHl
' our entire collection of BUcfc^ Dress Goods CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE 144 °n w^ Monday^-S to 11:30 /.ft ' Patent leather tip.; worth >S»ft
vv * Remnantf, the short ends of this seasons ¦ r'-Vv'"- * * am * 2 -5° P*""? J^J^-^tra
Another splendid glove special for Monday most fashionable fabrics — Pierolas, Damas:e, r*-*/ji /»//i- 7/-//ah *•*„£*< 41 * *.. ~4 „ U*i: "" allszesand J^J^fJ&r
oniv: .. cheviots, zibiimes, Venetians, srrges, etc.! ¦ tflnother great altrjcuoii ready—the most gorgeous Holi- , r :., . widths. - J&£~M0
Ladies' s-patent fastener Kid Gloves; latest in waist, skirt and even a few suit lengths, - fay Wl'ndOW Itl tOWtl. TheTDjtlCingDollSi'l t)W iilHS 1 ' ' // a^inch silk tquares (saqnly in this lot); Men-day, 8 sf^ _^/^"''"~~
ttitched embroidered backs; Mack, browns, * - ¦'Iltniie/IM/I Chriditl~l<: Mrimaliiac - ! 77t*V#mV»/7/vr>i ivnhar nlti Cheney Bros.' test qua iths and patterns; on to 11*30 a. cg^-ses^
tans, gray*, modes and white; Mon- 7Q Onc-Qdartcr on . tf iiwusana noveiues. j /us wmaow makes gift- m!c Monday 8 t0 lls30 a . r mi q l m . on i y ,q
day— 8 to 11:30 a. m.. p:r pair. . 4 7C j already greatly reduced prices. Selecting edSV '. each. ODC
Ghrislmzis Shopping in Earnest Now-— Open Every Evening.
Ihe big store has everything for Holiday gifts, from a penny toy to a diwiond ring, and all at money-saving department store trices. ,
Jewelry, Silverware, ClOCkS. Watches, Etc. Holiday NccKwear Celluloid and Other Holiday Novelties.
_ ji i 1 j- j ' • ji ;j a , , jct\ '.'¦') 4 C4 - Black o^tich B;as $10.00 to $22.50 Never such a showmfl 0! this class of Christmas Presents in the bis! store
Frm ihe best factories in the world. An enormous assortment at r Deparhnent- i Store prices. Gray or Natural ostrich Boas $12.50 to $25.00 hdore ne^ r bdorc such bcavtiiui pieces tor so little moncv
| S A O &' rs ¦ - Chenille Colljrettes $5.00 to $15.00 - • :\.
$2.50 God Blood tone <0 - n tor Solid Gold, f ] I y / "' _ , , _, . , ehk^—U^-otT "^^^^^M^^' J^ /y^C^,// A^^^/vf V^ /lnl»X
rTiccr-Eve R ne $2.50 T h r e e - Stone I J fl % » / \ C1ft for Extra Heavy Quadruple Plate, Bright J,^Tt^nil 7^"**?$^ fi AzT^^Z-S^/ fe^T r ' "fM- Y^*?&f^\fp' ' .
or ugcrr-ye^ng. | | t| j / V_ $10 Cut, Satin Finish, Four- PL-cc Tea Set. * -°J to *?-°jj ' V : t ,**— \*JF = *^
.- „, • i \ ft / ' \ c^ C ./p"' C0Uar * • V *!; J* J° ! J H Hand-painted eel- CeDu'oid and plush cov- Handjome icenic front Pretty Work Box with
-^#©^V (^) " liil J -^^U ' Ostrich fS5 $2 50 to $7 50 IuIoid Whisk «ed Album to hold Album, to hold ao mirror, good ' qual-
<S^ '^tr3 V-/ £^*-F\~^^ r -— r j*r J...^ WStriC.1 ran$ to >/.3U Broom Holders io cabinets and 1 6 cabinet and 1 6 card ity nrtings— only..
/JX -^Sbi' j^^fe&v ¦» Qft for Extra Heavy Beaded Pattern, /ptsSSSSls^^ .j ¦ ¦¦ ' — 25c card photos 75c photo* SI.25 75c
\t) ~^'- /rAf7%\ 3wC large size, Manicure Articles. //^T i ' T 3^^^^)/ -' , ,,-„--, -
W Si .fv/vV*^^ • * /^^^SSSS^*^^^^^^/ I>tm r*rroVftT/x-r«o "BtiV u&i~*&k^ T^L' -^Jk+^L ' Glove and Handkerchief Boxes
'^V-, ±iW-^ X '^^i^^^ "^^X^^^Iir'^ 1^-^^!^ , u n . n c Hand-painted Cushions— Trimmed wth satin "^^^^^rC^S^^^rS^^^J 2 - Photograph Albums 75c to $6.00
t^g^f?- J^^^?7£§g=ll C7 Cft f r Thr r C T " ' ruffl " and ]ace 60c ' 00 and $'- 50 Eur °P 2an NoveIti ». w^ as Pen Wiper,,
-. _- tor Solid Gold for f. d ; M * Gun A- ~^^5%^^^^f in satin-lined box. . Hand-painted 3-piece Set— 2 bottles and pin V • Inkstands, Pin Cushions, Tape Measures,
$2.50 Brooch in very $3.25 Metal Watch /^^^^^# - cushion. ? ...$2.60 Q^ted Satetn Glove This dainty Handktr- Salre Jan, etc ...,.....".. r/c to $5.00
prettj- WT eath derign. ' opcn fac American i^^^^^^^^^f " Mexican and Madagascar Hand-drawn Work- Box with painted chief Box w I t h C uff and Collar Boxes 50c to $6.00
JUvrm,nr fe^^Y^^T /^f 5^^^-,^-^^ In doylies, squares, travs and scarfs, each Ce'.lu'oid top— only pamted celluloid top • ° . " I* ""
# mmemcnt - "¦* lllftl '" I aiHrinrrifi fr / snr»n<l?^n 24c 75c Manicure Sets 93c to $6.00
c , for Triple-Plated Twenty-four-Piece " .ii^^^^^^^^^^y/ Battznbertf and Guipure hancUmaie Circles, ZT ~ ~ ' „ ... Z^l Z
$6 Table Sets; knives, tcriu^poon.| • Squares, Scarft, etc . .25c to $7.50 -RonkSL f(W flfftS " Holiday GlltS for
%£&) in silk plush case. &"$> ""^"""-^ —^ m±SB \/ *-pw«.j *vr* viajh*?.
¦ Jt^ '¦'"*•" -^ If you are in doubt what to buy — buy Books. HQuV OF
/^S^Hk c _ for SterHng Silver Back Brush and _. _. M You can't make a m : stake on that. Young J VA •
XP*&£^ 35S^ -^ a! * aS2^^ s^ $3 Comb in satin-lned case. FlTBe V\JV GnVm&T\t^ and old, rich and poor, aU enjoy a good book. Ma* or ladles'
for ~Ctt G'as BFgff&VW O^ ' ; «U1 U1C1UJ. Make your selections here from a 300,000 jfil^i fine white wear cM-
$1.50 Solid Silver ToJ ft MM $ § re,- cm ,,• Handsome Cap:s of .* volume stock, at prices much below the P ub- J^. ijV drea's Jackets; col-
Ink'tand XXt^WiSSf 3^ «1 Sterlln S Sllver Napkin Baltc Seal (quality JAL) lisher's. /r.-5-Jw> ored Dresses hdie»*
\^^/ f* R' n 3i hand engraved, gold guaranteed), with /^^Tl Children's Friend Series— beautifully bound in ! |otc|v. Aprons dainty use-
f^**G&^ f or tijgse beautiful Sterling Silver /^^v , lined. s tar - pointed yoke of (v§^^^ cloth *"* arts ? call J r stamped covers in two Z 3 !^^" JVx~5^ ful and ineiperwrre
f nr t» t, r u $« Girdles. U astrachan, finished W^© colors— more than 200 titles by 'such famous r«7M||TO5?\ Christmas presents
$9.45 rid 4 Hundne - ._ '— f\ V' : with two heads and f^'F writers of children's stcqes as Alcott, Cool- \Mo MggS Babies' fiie Nafa-
r. «' . 1. c * - fTiT V*ff< i'~\ ( ! i^ s 5 s 3^> I 32^ssrz^!ESN four tails; are marked A^j« ldge, Ewing, Otis, Kiphng, .Wiggins, Perry, <*f\ //] / / ffiffiX^' sookBiKa X^r
wnmovVmentT '"" P|1IQ |^ very low 1^3 Richards,^., mad= to seU at 75 c M^ ' T^ '
-fl |^ iESIli 1^^ ffisM* »7- for Ladies' Sterling Silver 'f!"^ feS^-'^ FamoJS Henty Books— bound in extra stamped A^£^3^ Babiea* &eSilk'kttj
Jill IH t^W #M |^^ 7DC B«kci Dre=«ingCo,nb. • • •* • -*"-45 W$$8®M eloth-fully illustrated-Oli vine top ffiHMSb OS 50c
f^rr^h^H '¦>¦¦• .V/'^lk P"*?^ * '" H^$^aSI —publisher's price 75c— our, OVC <^i^4i^^2^ f Babirs' fine Nainsook
.;!;' c±5 N /^ V W \ S?*^^ (^ Fxfrn Snccial r If W?^ Vassar Series for Girls— art linen binding— W W\ DreS5cs
//.M\\n//U\ • «td. Mia> JS^'^9 »! ¦ ift^^wl head bands stamped in black and gold— 30 11/ U . . . .50c to $5.00
(! N)_M I|lL! ' 'J I ••^iSl pair for Cut Ji^v «3 for Solid Gold We havs just finished W|?^A^k titles by such authors as Mrs. Molesworth, Af U Children's fine Bo*
W. 1 J> $1 Gass Peppers tfO Cft for C^HT *° Link Batons, another lot ot these /^c^ '^^, Mana Cummins, Rosa Cfrey, Mas Mulock, -— XfcE-ffi 1 ¦ '"" C ° atS
r - for Back Forest -_ for Pearl Opera r< for a pretty and Silts, with ster- *fi.W Sttf- ball end. Fine E'cctrx Seal J$M|^ W^ etc.— pubHsher's price 75c— ours. . ..$4.50 to $14.50
$5 h a n d - c a r v e d $5 Glasses, extra power $1 Sterling Sil- ling silver tops. Kng Silver (JP Jacketi like picture, feWW£fr**™ r \ " U7t Chfldren's fine Hats $4.00 to $15. 00
Cuckoo Clocks. lenses, complete with case, ver Match Box. Chain Purse. ¦ which we :wiU pace J&%gggifl April Baby's Book of Tunes by author of Ladies* fine Tea Aprons 35c to $1.00
1 _, . — . — T on sale all this week '•,««« "EUzabcth and Her German Garden" — Ladies* fine Lawn Aprons, embroidery trim-
Hnlf^*\7 FlT^TlfcVlTTI/IC %.7\\P t\\ VplVPT TaCkCtS " V " y 8? PnCC $ illustrated by Kate Greenaway- tfH <*f\ ming .50c to $1.50
nOHGay rVrniMlingS jpcCial jalC Ol YClV^l JUWIV^l^, . pub Usher's P rice$i.50-<mn..$lxU
Pajamas— For men, bovs and WO men, in flan- TV f ?/»!?» RfhhnTl^ WOfrtWS Hard-Pan— a bonanza story-our price. .$1.20 UdleS ' fine *" .$17-00 and $19-00
ndette, madras or French flannel lUli^lU l.XUUIUUll^. kptiV CV/ 4» « i-r. House of Egremont—Mollie Elliott ScweU— ¥\_^. A J /*.*-.? «5C«,
$1.45 to $6.00 A specially bought lot cf 1 5 CX) yards of stylish, _^ Beaded, UFOCCriCS. LlQUOFS* Publisher's price, $1.50; our price. .. .$1.20 HOXCU 13^16^5, 6JC.
Loungng and Bath Rob :s— Positively the fancy strip?, all-silk taffeta ri.bon?; the 4- handsomely * .^ * Cupid's Garden — Ellen Thornecroft Fowler's Ladies* Round Garten,
largest and prettiest assortment in town inch width for the neck, 14 exquisite color- i iaE^&HTF trimmed Jackets,* Hams — Emporium brand, the best East- \*y /% new book — publisher's- price J1.50— our v Made of frilled elas-
$3.00 to $12.50 injrs, worth 25c a yard. Monday, "|'7*» g&ggjJL all the very "lat- em sugar cured; Monday, per lb ... ibC price $1.20 __— -tr^fjr^sS^ c " w ; t J^ tancr
Men's Suspenders— Silk webbing, silver trim- 8 to 11:30 a. m., per yard lfC C***tjlto est crj-," they arc >\incc Meat — "Xonesuch" Condensed; Mon- Standard Works in Sets — a complete line T^*^^»^^ buckles and ribbon
mings, per pair. $1.25 to $6.00 £ richly elegant, no day, 3 packagss 25c in half calf, Morocco and linen bindings — S-W^'^^^4 bows- each pair pn»
Satin Suspendzrs — Lined with silk, hand- <?1 PA frvrMfnt^tVc 1ft garment approach- Evaporated ; Apricots— Very choice; ' Mon- at prices from one-third to one-half less than Offi&fifi&Zi np in &ncy rlast!
somely embroidered, each 50c to $2.00 4JI» JV V-OlillUI I I J^ IO es them in a PP :ar- day, lb . . 12c publisher's. *^0P^V3k^ op box-
Oxfcrd Muflers— In fancy patterns, quilted Monday, from S till 1 1 :3c. a. m., we r la:e on &$£&&<% a " CC ° r wcarin B Prunes— Fancy Santa" Clara; Monday, 6 h)s.*25c '^raHf'i ' assortment OC/»
silk lining, each $1.00 special sale 12 djzen fine grade silkoline- F&^ifkPi qua'ities; we have Raisins — Loose Muscatel; Monday, 3 fts.25c _^ . - _ /^^^2-\ o f colors. £^V
Reef r Mufllers— Each 7£c to $3.00 covered Comforters, nne white filling, light many-in p'ain and p Ium p uc Jd.ng— Goldon & DiUworth's; Mon- KUlf^PTCK Dfl 1 1^1*11^ — -* F5n«- « M ittf- *n*
Partridge Sticks— The only correct walking as down, warm as wool, stylish in colors, V 4&3SOX traded and braided, day, 1 -lb tins. 20c "VllW itA l^ail^lll^ \i_— — Finer qaajties50c.
canr, handsomely silver trimmed in many neatly made; a £1.50 value; &-t -|Q with and without Macaroni, Vermicelii or Spaghcttf— Best' im- 7\Ylt\ DilKIf^rTf tWi 73C. »1.UO.
different dc-.zm, rjch $1.00 to $3 00 Monday morning kJjl.lO yHTS^Lffsf fur collars » and ported, regularly 13c; Monday; package. .10c ClllU JrUJJllWUllUHO.
Salcin Night Shirts -Our new Christmas de- , ver . v moderately Zinfandcl Wine— Our regular 75c per gallon The January Numbers wiU be on sale Monday A rT NfWPltfr*^
sign, plain white or colors, each _, „ Jlrrt M/1 U: ft C e Afi rWiwfSSK P r!otd - •' B^e; Monday . .55c morning— ask for free Fashion Sheet or Cata- *** l A1 U Y VitXWO.
_•¦••¦•••¦•¦•¦••, $1.50 to $2.50 inC ilClIlU.I\6rCni615* NT <Wiil&¥y\ $20.00 to $75.00 Whiskey— The famous Yellowstone, regularly loguel The January (Holiday) Number of the Match Scratches 25c
FUnne ette Nwht Shirt 5, c, 75c, $1.00 The bi torc has ncvcr owncd w extensivc \ V^^ $ ' 8 l ?$£?!l ?° J' -^S 5 Monday, bottle.. $1.10 Delineator is a superb issue. It is full of nig- Pipe Racks, hand painted ..$1.00
Christmas Neckw^r—AU the new colorings or assortment of Handkerchiefs for 1 HI W/l and $22.50— For Thorn's Od Tom Gin— Monday, per bottle ... gestions and illustrations ot suitable holiday giits. Lettrr Racks, hand pa-nted 75c
HStezHS n rh B'A-givings as now. Some rare values await ' A^ \ choice of a>. as- .,....: _75c Pficeperyear $1.00 Newspaper Racks, hand painted 1 . .$1.35
Men s rios ery-^Direct from Europe, all the * * tion herc scrred lot of new, Guinness' . Stout— Genuine white label; Mon- Single copies 15c Hand-painted Match Scratches 35c
new up-to-date patterns in stripes and figures Handkerchiefs- 3 in fancy box for. . revcreless Jacket Suits, in coverts and pebble •• day> pc r dozen - $1.95 Pattern Department-Main Floor. Fourth Aialfr-Left cf Entrance
V™ «C to >1.Z3 J jj c cheviots, tans, blu: and black and gray, flared
f r^W « ' Children's "initial " Handice^hiefs— 3 " "in" fancy and sUk lined Jackets regularly |ao,oo - - " - . . " • '
C-, box.... : ...25c -«id |aa. 5 o-aU th» week tfjO (\(\ j ; : — ! j — ! [ ;
s*^"%&Z^2jEE~? > Ladies' Linen Hand-embroidered Initial Hand S» 1O » VV / •
p|Hp^^^ Toys and Games— A Wonderful Assortment ¦
The Gloves We Cany are Dent's English Ladies' Lace Trimmed Handkerchiefs ....... gray, brown and black cheviots, camels hair "¦" Vj _•» ¦ ****^* VSW111VJ XT. TTUilUVlim AU^Ul llllV/lll*
Wa' king and Driving, $1.85 a pair; Fownes' !5c, 25c, 50c, 75c ard $1.00 »nd broadcloth, all flar;d skhts, / s:lk-lined ¦ '
English Dress Gloves, fi. 50 a pair; Penin's Ladies' Embroidered All-linen Handkerchiefs. .. Jackets, new sleeve, some with bishop sleeves, _ Iron WaJons — Strong and ser- /#—^-^u^— |— » <^ === *^S W /~\
French Dress Gloves, $2.00 a pair; also a 25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00 trimmed with gold braid, regu'ary £30.00 viceable. .. // r~1 ' ' \\ 'rt'''ill $W */;4\ 1
complete line of lined fur-trimmed gloves at .. Real DuchefS or Point Venise Haniktrchiefs and $32. 50 - all this week. l8 - inch • • -"95c 24.-inch. . .$1.70 |npoiiivi>otpol| r^^pV 37 ?^/-' &t\ T *"^^T \J i^I\ I
, $1.00 to $1.5D par $1.50 to $15.00 ..if......... $L>J.\J\J 20-inch. $1.20 a6-inch.. $1.95 ¦ j^W j^^\ iT^j. .7t. .\B f i| s \k P^L \
tw i* 1 t\ c Hplft^ Of'TITI'nri^nT^ Ol^TITITYIPtit^ I 711111%^ i - F -n Dolls' Trunks, with key*. C— IL ; lHL> hIW*^"/ I
Holiday Perfumes nair urnamcnis. urnamciii^ i^ampx tf X 1 25c, 50c, 75c. ssc. $ko6 TaHM oSTtv-i^ ISva i
**VJiAX4W4j rviiUUlVJ Shell and Amber Side Combs, Back Combs, Handsome Bisque jTrSST^J^J / Police Patrols. .\ . .$5, $7, $12.50 to .. $2 25 J } ~ f?f „ \'R*^V^
nTlH AtATnT7Pr^ L°™ Lock Pins » Pompadour Combs and Figures - 13 M^^^CdU' ""iL .^TSr? f fflvi^
ana /uomizers. HaVln6 :..... ...... 5 cto$ioo -»?i« »n r ri / e% ft^^^^^I .Au^jg t^^i S&siSfeS!: MbP
Bohtmian Glais At?m- x:X7^ x Shell Har Ornaments, set with brilliant rhine- $2.30 ' . ISUS f3& xW^^^^ZaI /J\ /r^g^^^^p^^ , *<^^' «I 00 t f^M — I'M WA
i zer^Hand painted, (jjS^ stones, in hundreds of styles and a',1 sizes. .... Wrought Iron /^W^jATyA •nxU/^^^^Mia^ T^& ' V , '^S^' ?.uu»^u«- flBjr/Mm
teed to work per- *Gf^<hi^ R*«l Tortoise Shell Hair Ornaments,, back with candles, -*J\jJ • .." !^^* OaklOc, — i] l^xviVV
fectly 50c /^Bn combs, plain and fancy carved side comts, double; with" /n^S/A . *¦- Hook and Ladders — 8^C, $2.50, i" -- »««-* 1^^^ 2« c 1^/1 vwtWvvJt
Kirk's Juvenile' Pack- pompadour combs, etc.; each.. 50c to $15.00 green, yellow «£t^V«'^*** Velocnede Wagons— $3.75 and $7.50, $12.50. o VT r ., • .> ««' tsaj/ W^Cv%/
age-Containsi /^^^>v S bluc 0 P l1 """ -'SKP Jf\' with rubber tires. $6.25 Aerial Udder,, $18.50. Bed. an d Cndl« - 10c 50c p* »
r^tL^me^c Holiday Linens. ter ¦ pieces; $i.oo ; : -^ wheel- fw^/w JI |m
CombinTtroT^Packase . Dinner Qoths with same dc.igni in na'pkins St( Ins — the lat- Wfa M g "^T" F cd "'. ¦• (<^P^5^ ===a yS, *' ;/Ct ° 5 '°^ "* ° f 10^ 7^1
— Contains 1 cake or" soap, I bctt'e of per- can be had nowadays in complete assoitment of Ci f designs in i4^i^0i iuIJaJm . /u«5»? ' nc "Vyy ' jq c 25' * 25c, j\ Vk /\ I
fume, I box sachet, all popular odors, box. styles and qualities at the same cott as goods by ra:sed figured f^^ZZZfi, wGiXMCL • Jh 5^^' ¦ J 0^ to '<1 00- *W S^ 35c f ™"~iLr" Vl — ¥k / \ V
25c the yard. \ ' steins, with metal k*&fflZ& /TAJ /^S. ' xt^' wheeI » . , ___. g , $ . q» >i"'" w « .-^^g^p*a-i%> 50c' " U / \ V
Perftme in" Boxes— 3 botties" of good'p'rrfume Fine^tyOsh Dinner Sets, with V napkins. x covers; 10 inches A^MkX^IA T- h " ' &L /^SZrt 75c' 1 l#
bpr;ttybox, for 25c Table Goths, s# yards long, jet. tall. .... .$1.50 . t^^^KjH . plain rt^. 1^^^^?^ « U W
Girard Fils Extracts— Imported, ounce in $5.75 to $10.00 Carlsbad * Ch ha Dinner Set— dainty green r/A^^\\t^W ° re ' V f '4i * \ 4^^1) 3 • s3»— e*— 4t» " .
prett box, all popular odors 25c Table Cloths, 3 yards long, jet. $6.00 to $11.00 spray decoration-— 100 pieces, for is per- X/J r/ii^\/A)^. • •?'•/5 /<^W %_ V*' thy. .,, [ 4rJ^ • i3iP^iiii§ i^5fl "
Cira d Fils lmport:d Extract— 1 ounce, in Table Cloths, 3 # yards long, set * *°™ ' $20.00 VJK- With '^L r rrm^^-^' T'^-'S^T) SS35sS-*^ r>. pp^y^^^f J^^=L
pratybox 50c $8.75 to $12.00 Same set for 6 persons $12.50 tire. ..$3.50 . ¦ Drums 25c to $1.00 *£ «gg^^%a |??M
Kirk's Pjnsy Chrstmas Package— 2 cakes Fine Gr^de Cloths— 1% yards wide and from Chamber Set— large sizo— with rolled edge 20-inch. ..... .$2.00 ani $4.00 Swcrd— With sheath— 10c, 25c, Sr.a e Drums $1 to $7 - PTt'Ilrmi £lfi1 it
pansy soap, 1 btttle pansy extract 6<)c 1% to 5 yards long, with dozen napkins to basin — charming floral deception — heavily 24-inch ..$2.53 and $5.00 35c, 50c to $2.00. Soidie- Suits, 50c to $3.00 >o fiJil rP l! ul ]i] [r— -^^-— -
Eastman's Sachtt— Put up in 1 ounce glass, match; set $10 25 to $25.00 .stippled gold edge— the 10 piece ret. . $4.95 a6-inch. ...... $3.00 and $6.00 j_ Fireman Suits. j tsUBL H 3 " Jp'^b
scrtw tcp jars, all cf his latest odors, jar.. 25c Hemst tched Sets .$7.50 to $25.00 Parlor L mp— handsome center draught par- a8inch. ...;. $3.50 and $7.00 rTy *~~<%*^ a^ m ' -..5Cc tb $1.00 5 fwj| {*=££ a Tfe^
Eastman's Art Pzrfume — Handsome bottle of Beached Table Damask — 70 inches wide; lor lamp — brass feet and lift-out oil pot— Tricycles — From $4-50 to y$/4/£^*^~~^=^~~'' " Policeman Suits 3 JT! 0 ' jjj r^£*x
perfume mounted on • easel, back colored yard... ..95c ; opal decorated bowl and globe to match— $1250. " ' . II' 50c:o$.IOO r~= QQ _Fy^ fl
etching 25c Fine Damask Napkins, 24x24 inches; doz.. $2.50 . ao inches tall 1 .... .$3 50 Reins with B: Us. .'. ..5c to $1.25 . Rough Rider Suits — 1 ,iL Hk I .£")©•
Bclzi re's Christmas Package — 4 ounce bot- Linen Lawns— For handkerchiefs, etc., sheer Hand-painted 12-ir.ch Opal Plaque. .. ..$1.50 Jump Roots. ....... .5c to 5Cc Pop Ouns— 10c, 25c, 5 Oc and . . .$1.0!)-to $3.50 | P=^=rb. | | Cj^^.
tie of choite pnfumr, a very large, attractive and medium weight, 36 inches wide; per Dbubh Fruit or Nut Di h — with handle in Groc.ry St:rzs, with fittings . . . . $1.00. Cadst, L'a^ue of the Cross ' ¦ J£?fjtei\
package 35c yard .50c to, $2.00 icnttr— gold edge decorated china. .. .$2.00 ......... 25c to $12.00 Garden Szts—JOc to $1.00. and Indian Suits.. $1.25 Warehouse.$1.5Q to S~J.ua UJgisS^y
Keep Your Room
Warm fora Few
Cents a Day.
No other oil heater equals
MYERS' HEATERS.
Th*y burn less cil than other heat*m —
„_, fre< . from al! impurities— recommended
by payeicians-eMy to carry about-pro-
/ duce a sunlight
heat.
Suitable for
/ 1& \ the dlninr. bed.
J J[ or bath room,
/F f^-^^. conservatory,
jf AL^A^ \ parlor or otflce.
1 7 ';•! ' ¦ ''j-'f 'IS' Catalogue free.
¦J'WTi ,.1 "' ' ' - - ¦ '-.-
|«| COWEH'-S,
rp^^t^5j« Sole A^^nts
jLV^C«Q4%-%r^ Myers Stove Co.
W^^Ml. B:arket£t<
Q+J!&f- **^J Other heater*.
99c and up., It is said that Great Britain and Germany will prevent. Holland and , Portugal from fight
ing, and that is comforting; but what iy to prevent Russia; aricii France from taking 'a hand in the
proceedings arid making a: general scrap out of it? (.
ll ' ~ ' — ¦ ¦ ii I. -i« + ill ... i ¦ H '
¦It U i stated. tHat Jerry Simpson; hasi decided toleave Kansas and -settle in, -Missouri, and thus
/does -Kansas get a prompt reward for voting right, while Missouri is properly punished:; »
A. committee has been appointed in -New York to select "the two most beautiful, women in
the United States" to preside at a grand function at the opening of the ; Buffalo exposition, so we
may reasonably expect the committee to make a Visit to this city at an early date.
i •¦ ¦¦ .' •:.: ' '. ' « — — — • '¦'..¦••;'« '. ¦'.." / ... '-i-:i .'• ¦
A curious story comes from London to the effect that Lord Beauchamp's failure in the
office of Governor of New South Wales was due mainly to the fact that he has no wife. It is stated,
moreover, that the objection of colonials to bachelor governors .is so well known to the authorities
in London that many aspirants for colonial governorship have been barred out because they were
unmarried, and, according to the Westminster Gazette, some of them have been known to qualify
by getting married in a hurry: The cause of the colonial objection is not stated, but probably the
ladies of the country desire, something of social life at their colonial capitals andmake it red hot for
any one who tries to keep up no more style than is required for bachelor quarters. It would seem
that Beauchamp might have arranged matters by parrying some fair Australian,. but he preferred
to quit the job.: . :.*,, •
THE contemplated organization of the fruit-growers of the whole State is a promise of great
benefit to that leading industry., A compact organization that will study methods and mar
kets is one of the great needs of the fruit interest. Heretofore organization has been special
ized. We have had associationsof the citrus fruit growers and the prune and raisin producers.
But each of these has considered the welfare of its specialproduction only.
Now a close association that covers the whole field— orchard and vineyard, deciduous and
citrus fruit alike — will teach- the community of interest, inculcate the principle of commercial
honor and spread abroad information as. to markets, distribution and methods that will make the
fruit-grower more nearly the master of his own affairs.
The foreign market especially needs consideration. Since the State Board of Trade made a
fruit exhibit at Hamburg our German market has increased more than tenfold and our whole
European market has been favorably affected. We have in Australia a large reciprocal market lhat
needs intelligent cultivation. The Australians are people of great and intelligent enterprise and
with a consuming power that deserves the respect of the American producer. Their season is the
antipode of ours and their produce should find a constantly enlarging market on this coast, to be
reciprocated- by a demand in Australia for our product in their season of non-production. Sc*,;on
both sides of California— east and west— are markets whose, absorbing capacity is of interest to us.
To study them and fit the preparation of our fruit product to their tastes will be the func
tion of such an association as is proposed. . : O'
The producer should not always be # at the mercy of the middleman and the market/ He
should have information at first hands and should know, not only the condition of his crop, but
that of the expectant market and of competing crops in other parts of the world. In other words,
the California fruit-grower should be an interstate and international merchant, in possession of all
knowledge required to protect his own interests and care for his own profits.
"At Fort Sheridan yesterday Abraham
Haarecber, a soldier of the United States
array of twenty years' service, shot and
killed himself near the post flagstaff."—
Chicago dally papers of Nov. 15.
This brief little paragraph was practi
cally the only obituary notice given to
one of th« best soldiers who ever wore
a uniform and to a man whose life, al
tho'jgh It lay along the lines of the sim
ple duties of an enlisted man, was in
many ways remarkable. Abraham
Haarscher thirty-two years ago was a
poldier of France. lie was an Alsatian
by birth and under the flag of the em
pire he fought through the Franco-Prus
t?ian war. At the end of the disastrous
conflict, when Haarseher found that his
native province had become a ppoil to the
enemy, he became embittered. He left
his country and came to America, enlist
ing in the United States army, as he
could then do under the law, immediately
upon his arrival. Until the day of his
<2eath last week at Fort Sheridan Abra
ham Haarscher never passed an hour,
save when on his occasional leaves of
absence, beyond Eight of the flag that
marked either camp or garrison of
Uncle Earn.
• • •
Haarscher carried one record that is
probably unique In the histories of the
¦world. In twenty-nine years' service, al
though a model of neatness, discipline
and intelligence, he never wore the stripe
of a non-commissioned officer. He did
not know what the inside of a guard
house looked like from a prisoner's point ;
nt view. There was no soldier in camp
or barracks whose rifle and equipments
were like unto his. At guard mount the
neatest soldier is always chosen for the
duties ol orderly to the commanding of
ilcer. When Haarscher was detailed for
puard no man thought of competing with
him. Time after time he was offered the
position of non-commissioned officer, and
time after time he refused. Why, no ono
<"vcr knew. During the course of his
twenty-nine years as one of Uncle Sam's
soldiers Haarscher sawservicein four dif
ferent regiments and against every form
cf foe that his adopted country had to
face durlcff tho years covered by his en
listments and re-enlistments. Few men
knew like this private- what devotion to
duty meant. Ho was intensely proud of
his French nativity. Ono night at a far
Northwestern garrison he was walking
pcEt as a eentinel upon a frail temporary
bridge thrown across a stream. The ends
of the structure marked the ends of his
beat. A ttcrm arose in sudden fury. The
Ftream roe© rapidly and the bridge be
gan to give way. Haarscher kept on
v.-alklng bi» post. Tho timbers were
creaking under his feet and th« water
v.-as beginning to creep over the plank
ing, when the officer of th© day appeared
ax th© end of th© bridge. He saw th©
sentinel and his peril.
"Come off that bridge. No. 5," he yelled
above the storm. Haarscher walked calm
ly oil the bridge and came to an "arms
port."
"Haarscher, you d— d fool, didn't you
know tha bridge was going?" Even as
li© spoke the frail structure was whirled
away.
"That waa-ciy post, lieutenant,'* said
Private Haarscher, "and you forget that
I am a Frenchman."
Private Haarscher was a dandy. The
neatness of his equipment has been told.
Once a man who had the reputation of
never having lost the position of "orderly"
at. guard mount came from another regi
ment and re-enlisted in Haarscher's com
mand. The two privates, as luck would
have it. were detailed for guard the same
day. The whole garrison turned out to
eee which one the adjutant would pick for
the coveted place. The officer spent about
twenty minutes examining the rifles,
waist belts, cartridge boxes and brasses
of the two men. There was absolutely
nothing to choose between them In point
of neatness of appearance. Finally, as a
last resort, the adjutant unbuttoned the
blouse of tho new claimant for orderly
honors. He found a somewhet faded but
clean undershirt The adjutant passed to
Haarscher and opened three buttons of
his coat. Hasrscher had on a brand new
tuit of silk underwear that must have
cott him a month's pay. It was the other
man on that day who walked post in the
hot sun, while Haarscher did "lolling"
duty in the shade in front of the com
mandant's quarters.
The morals of the Franco-American sol
dier were like his rifle at guard mount
spotless. There -were no low camp or gar
rison intrigues for him. He was a pleas
ure lover, however, and he joined in all
the entertainments that went to lighten
the evenings of the soldier life. At no
dance or "hop under the auspices of Com- I
pany A" was there any particular attend
ing maiden singled out for the attentions
of Private Haarscher. He went the rounds ¦
and danced with aJl. During the years he
saw his comrades marry and leave the '
service. They told him his day would
come. He laughed at them. For twenty
eight years he wer.t on in his but little
varying path of duty, with occasional
turnings aside into the ways of pleasure.
Then this supposedly confirmed old bach
elor soldier fell In love. He met the sis
ter of a former comrade. She was thirty
years hisj junior. To this girl he gave all
the Intensity of love that had marked
through the long years his devotion to
duty. He was utterly changed. The sol
dier who had faced unharmed the bullets
of Apache, Sioux and Spaniard was at last
wounded by a tiny shaft from the bow of
tha pigmy Cupid. No woman ever had
more devoted lover than that veteran.
One night only last week he went to her
home In Lake Forest and tcld her. H©
spoke Tvith the same spirit in which he
hud replied to the officer' of the day when
he was ordered from his cost on the
bridge on that awful night near the head
waters of the Mjsscuri. The girl's answer
was no, and Hap.rscher knew that she
meent it.
Private Haarschcr left Lake Fore?t and
went to his quarters at Fort Sheridan. In,
a few moments he left the barracks and
walked across one corner of the parade
ground. He took one last look at the flag
fluttering at the masthead ai;d ended his
life with a bu!let. A coward's death, some
may say. No braver coldier than Abra
ham Haarscbcr ever wore a uniform. This
statement Is born not of belief only but
cf the knowledge of one who was glad to
call him comrade.
White poplar wood boxes for~etching or
cil painting, 10c up. Townsend's. •
Towncend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in Ore-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
629 Market street, Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and publlo men by the
t ress Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Moat
to mery ti. '.telephone Main 10il *
A pood law In Boston permits residents
to keep street musicians SOO feet from
their houses.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Don't you think you could learn to love
me 7**
"Oh, dear, no. I'm so etupld I .can't
learn anything."— Life.
"Tou don't mean to Bay that there waa
«ver anytlilngr In nature like that land
scape?"
Artist— Well. I should eay not. I claim
to be original In my work. I'm not a
copyist, I'd bave you Know. — Boston Tran
ecrtpt.
"No," he raid, decidedly, "woman should
not have the ballot."
"Why not?" she demanded.
"Because oi ber usclessness !n case of a
conflict. The one who votes should also be
of service when It comes to fighting."
"I ehould think," she returned thought
fully, "that woman might be of value in
putting patches en the Beat of war."
Thus again was woman's resourceful
ness la argument demonstrated.— Chicago
Post.
IT "WAS THE ROUTE IN 49!
For All Time to Come.
It Is the Eoute To-Day, and Will Be
Ladles and children traveling without escort
arpredat* th« advantage, of a solid vestlbuled
train like "The Overland Limited," running
through from San Francisco to Chicago, with
out chance, IN LESS THAN THREE DAYS.
Leaving Ban Francisco daily at 10 a». m.. via
Central Paclnc. Union Pacific and Chicago and
Korth western railway*. * ¦
Cbotce candies, Townsend's^alaca Hotel. *
Gulllet'B Thanksgiving mine* ; pie, Icecream.
£•05 TrfirKln it., phono East 191 •
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend'a.*
Boston mints, chocolates. Townsend's. *
THE FRUIT-GROWERS.
To state over and over the. sordid conditions which appear in this country, and to decry the
merely material aim which is the admitted odium of any social state, without giving a clearly de
fined remedy, is only to induce a melancholy pessimism.- On the present' tide all men float. One
drop of water cannot turn against the current or wander at its own will. . It is part of the stream
and must stay with its fellows. Nor can one man leave the great company and by leaving change
In a commonwealth where all are striving to acquire beyond the needs of existence, the one
who holds back simply finds himself -.without the means of living. But where shall the line be
drawn on the acquisition of wealth, and by whom? „ i
This is the vital question, the great issue, the crux of the whole matter. When society con
cludes to limit wealth to a certain figure by distributing to public use all that is acquired above
that figure, that proposition will constitute a base line from which to measure and consider the
remedy. It will be seen that 'his would be an assertion of the social power over property.- It is al
ready asserted in another form in the homestead exemption and the exemption from execution.
[^[SHOP POTTER is a commanding figure in the civil and the ecclesiastical world. His ut-:
f"*3terances are thoughtful and deserve thb attention they receive.
His latest talk on the sordid tendency of the times, as far as reported, is an arraignment
of a social symptom, but does not deal with the cause nor the remedy, except the general sug
gestion that the churches must take higher ground than they now occupy.
We are not prepared to admit that the churches can, curb a tendency that has appeared in all
society, under all polities and in the presence of all forms of the religious idea. But we do admit that
the co-operation of religious teachers, with the influence of secular schools, and' the conscience of
men, may regulate the movement of society and direct it to other ideals than mere wealth, as the
standard of excellence. Property exists by the consent of society. Society can obsolete all private
property if it choose. By withdrawal of its consent to the existence of. those forms of possession .
which are the expression of wealth, it can evaporate wealth itself, and bring human exertion with
in the limit that is required fox mere existence.
The present era of wealth and the existing struggle to attain it which make up the sordid
feature of the age began in this country with the general inculcation of the shrewd maxims of Ben
jamin Franklin in his "Poor Richard's Almanac." Up to the advent of the present active genera- •
tion those maxims were current and served to fix the mind Qn the necessity of acquisition. "He
who by the plow would thrive, himself must either hold or drive," "Take care of the pence and the
pounds will take care of themselves," "A penny saved is a penny earned," and many others, teach
a purely material doctrine of economy and thrift. ¦•<:> ¦..'¦•:'¦ -•
Franklin himself had known poverty and want, and worked his way out of those conditions
by practicing what his "Poor. Richard" preached. The American people, being the most ener
getic in the world, and owning the richest part of the richest continent on the planet, have acquired
the taste for the winnings of enterprise, and so life in this country is influenced by a longing for
the Midas touch which transforms the latent resources of nature into gold.
The intellect that is directed into money-making channels, if diverted into others would
make therein an equally high mark. Bishop Potter desires that it be diverted, to the end that
wealth shall not be the sole mark' of American genius and the single standard of excellence.
The Greek mind was of finer fiber than any known to the world since. It was directed al
most wholly to art and literature by the peculiar polity of Jhe Greek commonwealth. No great of
fices were therein provided as the prize of ambition or the means of getting wealth. This turned
the Greek mind to other avenues, and as a result there rose a literature that is yet splendid in its
ruins, and art and science, builder! upon the archaic examples of Egypt, touched some heights that
the modern world has not excelled. "The Isles of Greece" were gilded by some of the highest vic
tories of the finite mind:
, - Eternal sunshine gilds them yet, ; . .. . ..
But all beside that sun is set.
The Greek commonwealth fell. Rome, that pursued other ideals, in politics and the acqui
sition of wealth, fell, and present civilization quarries in the ruins of both.
No man can say that any social organization is to have immortality, nor that either wealth
or its opposite ideal can breathe into it the deathless essence.
THE BISHOP AND THE DOLLAR.
l0gy \ • . .-
Mr. Bouvier ' has promised us a new
opera-house, and what Mr. Bouvier prom
ises Is as good as accomplished. The best
of luck, then, to the new enterprise! May
It be worthy the heart that has felt for
our needs and the brain that is planning
to satisfy them! . ....
It Is In this new opera-house, controlled
by Mr. Bouvier and his friends, that M.
Grau's company, will ; sing, I suppose, If
they return to us next year. If this is so,
it is not too early to put in a plea— no, to
claim as a right— that we shall not be af
flicted with" some of the nuisances that
flourished unchecked by Mr. Bouvier (per
haps because uncheckable by him) during
the recent season. First among these Is
the nuisance of the ill-printed, flaring ad
vertising programme^-a vulgar Imposition
upon people who have already paid for
three hours' enjoyment more than the
average day laborer can save in a month.
Second-Is the nuisance of the dirty-fin
gered,! loud-mouthed libretto boy, who is
allowed to roam up and down the aisles,
shouting his wares and even thrusting:
them impudently into the faces of people
who refuse to buy. Such gamins, whose
uncieanliness and not whose poverty is
their reproach, are not now permitted to
board street cars: much more should they
be banished from a place to which people
resort for the. express purposes of esthetic
enjoyment. The libretto boy is a relic from
the . old pit ' days of orange-vending
wenches ' and ' quarreling apprentices; hp
Jk * R. GRAU'S receipts during his
lyl short season can scarcely have
II been less than $225,000. and the
I I joke is on us. Small wondar then
I I that he departs in merry mood
and keeps up to the end his repu
tation as a humorist. For proof: In an
interview published in last Sunday's Call,
after expressing his appreciation of our
appreciation of him. he went on to say
that San Francisco* appreciation of the
Niebelungen Tetralogy "is perhaps sur
prising from its difficulty of comprehen
sion on first hearing."
This must refer, of course, to the musi
cal portion of that work, for there is
nothing in the drama portion which could
not have been written (as Dr. Johnson
said of Macpherscn's "Ossian") by many
men, by many women and even by many
children. , -
Let us consider briefly whether The dif
ficulties of the Niebelungen Tetralogy are
really difficulties worth conquering, be
cause, when conquered, they result in
higher emotional and intellectual enjoy
ment, or whether they are merely ob
scurations due to Wagner's feeble grasp
of the true distinction between the arts
of music and of poetry. This whole ques
tion has been so searchingly analj*2ed by
Nordau in the fifth chapter of the second
book of his "regeneration" that It would
be absurd for me here to attempt any
thing more than an indication of the line
of his argument.
The chief characteristics of the music
of Wagner's later years are the Lelt-Motif
and the Unending Melody. The Lelt-
Motif is a musical phrase to which Is
arbitrarily attached a definite concept;
whenever a certain character appears
upon the stage the orchestra gives the
Lert-Motlf. This musical phrase dees not
necessarily call up tho concept to the
mind of the auditor, because music In
Itself is absolutely incapable of expressing
abstract- thought; the utmost it can do is
to suggest those optical phenomena which
are ordinarily accompanied by acoustic
phenomena. Music cannot even eay,
"This is a sword": much less can it say,
"This is jealousy," or "This is love." or
"This is vaulting ambition that o'er
leaps itself." The Leit-Motifs, then, are
nothing but hieroglyphics, undecipherable
without a key; when deciphered they are
found to be merely unsuccessful attempts
to express by one art (music) what is al
ready admirably expressed by another art
(poetry)- Can Nordau then be said to put
it too strongly when he asks: "Is any
thing more needed to expose the complete
insanity of this confusion of all the means
of expression, this ignorance of what Is
possible to each art?"
Next, as to the "Unending Melody." A
melody (we are still following: Nordau) is
a regular grouping of notes In an ex
pressive series of tones; It corresponds In
language to a. sentence; that is, to a series
of. words clearly, and logically presenting
one Idea. Just as a definite* firmly grasped
thought i3 bound to seek its linguistic ex
pression in the mode of a sentence, so Is
a definite, clearly realized emotion bound
to seek its expression in the mode of a
melody. "Melody may be said to be an
effort of music to say something definite.
It is clear that an emotion unconscious of
its cause and alms and unilluminated by
attention will not raise its musical ex
pression to the height of melody, precise
ly because it has nothing definite to say."
But deflnlteness of thought and feeling
is characteristic of the civilized man; in
definlteness of thought and feeling of the
uncivilized man. Primitive races are just
as incapable of elaborating a melody as
I they are of elaborating a complex sen
tence. Witness the music of Hindoos and
the Chinese— a music that has never ad
vanced beyond the recitative stage. (From
this stage it is but a step back to the
monotonous dance chant of the savage.)
Now the Wagnerian "Unending Melody"
(a contradiction In terms, by the way) Is
recitative, pure and simple; it is therefore
a more primitive form of musical art than
is the melody proper; it is In no true sense
the music of the future, but Is truly the
music of the past. Wagner's return to
this outworn form, his insistence upon its
originality and its merit are merely illus
trations of the irresistible power of that
law of atavism which so often forces
back into the old and beaten paths of the
past those who fondly think they are blaz
ing their way through the undiscovered
country* of the future.
• • ' •
It will be remembered that In "The
School for Scandal" the lovers, Charles
and Maud, do not meet until near the
close of the last act — too late for them to
have a strong love scene. Sheridan was
once sharply criticized for this as a de
fect of construction, but he was equal to
the occasion. He declared that ..'he
omitted the love scene on purpose, be
cause Jack Palmer had to play Charles,
and Jack could never carry off a love
scene!
This ingenious invention of an a pos
teriori theory to explain the > fact Is not
confined to Sheridan. Wagrier uses the
same device when, in "The Art Work of
the Future" <1830) he advanced the
theories of the Leit-Motlf and of the Un
ending Melody to cover up his incapacity
for producing another "Lohengrin" or an
other "Tanrihauser" — works that do con
tain true melodies. "He was Incapable
of distinguishing the personages of his
operas by a purely musical characteriza
tion and therefore he invented the Lelt-
Motlf. Experiencing a great difficulty,
especially with advancing age, in creating:
true melodies, he set up the postulate of
the Unending Melody." ' iv. v
• • . •
The facts herein set forth are perfectly
patent to any one who will take the
trouble to read Herbert Spencer's "Essay
on the Origin and Function of Music"
and Nordau's "Remarks on Mysticism."
This brief summary of those simple ex
positions Is modestly presented here In
the. candid hope that It may assist the
reader to a full enjoyment- of Mr. Grau's
humorous remarks as to the "difficulty"
of comprehending the Niebelungen Tetra-
should be abolished, as they hrrve been.
Garrick performed a real service to his
profession when he drove gallants off the
stage and suppressed the tiffhtingr valet*
who were reserving seats for their mas
ters. Let Mr. Bouvier perform an equally
real service by driving out the money
changeis who profane the temple of music
and by suppressing the libretto boy. Let
soap and water, vigorously applied, first
spread their antiseptic sphere of influence
around that boy. and then l?t .him he
packed off to the night school. So may we
enjoy our oper-» in peace, and so may h«
grow up a good citizen, trainer! in the
practice of that virtue which Is more than
next to godliness— which is. In truth, a
part of godliness itself.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. S. B. Swift of Sacramento is at tha
Lick.
G. N. Wilcox, a Honolulu planter, is at
the Occidental.
James Flllius. a Redding mining: man. 13
registered at the Grand.
George B. Graham, a prominent Fresno J
attorney, is at the Grand.
G. S. Wheeler of the British diplomatic
corps in Hongkong is at the California.
Frank P. Adams, one of the owners of
the Stockton Gaslight Company. Is at the
Grand with hi3 wife.
CAI^TOBNIANS IN WASHI2XOTO2T
WASHINGTON. Dec 8.-D. Lnbin of
Sacramento and H. Sherwood and wife of
San Francisco are at the National; II. C.
P. Allen Of San Francisco and H. Moor©
and George S. LJdgemont of Los Angeles
are at the St. James; J. Stubbs and W« C.
Martin of San Francisco are at tho
Raleigh: Paul Botsz of San Francisco 13
at the Ebbitt.
There are no homeopathic physicians in
the medical corps of either the army or
the navy.
UHEXEVER the Americans and the
French are mixed up together in
any sort cf a civil function, such as
the opening of a world's fair build
ing- In Paris or in Chicago, it is aJ-
Ti-ays In order for the presiding dignitary
to mention the traditional friendship of
La Belle France for Uncle Sam. Then the
ninds of all the hearers revert to La
fayette. Rochambcau. Pe Grasse and the
others, ana everybody feels good. There
probably is not a Frenchman living, and
rrecio«s few Americans, too, for that mat
ter, who has the faintest idea that the
}-and of the one nation was ever raised
against that of the other, excepting at
tea Owing the latter part of the eight
eenth century, when the navies of the two
countries made things exceedingly lively
fov each other down the "West Indies way.
There is a story, however, which veterans
of two Ur.ited Slates regiments tell occa-
Fion^Jly which goes to show that en one
i.ocasion ut least the Yankees nwi the
French faced each other in a land battle.
ft was not until some time after the af
fair took place that the veterans told it.
They waited until time's "effacing finger"
had "a chance to remove all possibility of
the French taking advantage. In the way
cf damage claims, of the knowledge which
would then come to them for the lirst
time.
• • •
Just brfor* the French troops retired
from Mexico in 1966, eaya Edward B. Clark
In th-? Chicago Times-Herald, following
closely upon Sew.ird's famous communica
tion beginning, "We view with regret,"
General Phil , Sheridan, as everybody
knows, was sent with an army corps of
veterr.ns freeh from the victories attend
ing the sweep through the Shenandoah
end the subsequent campaigning up to the
gate of Richmond. Two regiments of Lit
tle Phil's command were isolated from
the rest of the outfit and were stationed
on the frontier ;vst across the river from
a place where a contingent of Maxi
milian's troops he'd a fort. Some of the
Juarez republican soldiers started up
across country to take this fortification,
which was among the last to hold out.
The republican troops went Into camp
tibout two miles away from the fortifica
tion, which was nothing more than a re
doubt with Trails rather higher than those
of the ordinary "thrown-up" defense. The
Americans from their side of the river, by
the aid of their. glasses, saw the approach
of Juarez's solci^rs. and it goes without
paying that subsequent proceedings inter
ested them intensely.
The Mexican troops were dresed in white
uniforms, and the day after their arrival
the Americans saw them leave their camp,
pass up under cover of the river bank and
a bit of timber and then emerge into the
open not nore than "30 yards from the
fortification behind which the Frenchmen
PRIVATE HARASCHER, AN ARMY MYSTERY.
were grimly watchins the approach. Sud
denly the republican line broke Into a
charge and headed straight for the re
doubt. The Frenchmen opened a palling
fire and the white line wavered, broke and
fled faster by several yards to the second
than it had advanced.
Every morning regularly for a week the
Yankee soldiers to the north of the river
saw the Mexicans come out, form, charge,
break and .fly. The whole Yankee camp
took a lively interest in these proceedings
until they became monotonous, when only
a handful of the Northern troopers would
turn out to look at the regular after
reveille attack.
• * •
One night the American regimental ad
jutant visited all the officers of the com
mand. Then there were talks with the
first sergeants, and after that the privates
got an lr.klins that something was up.
Later in the night a visitor to the camp
of the Americans If he were a close ob
server would have noticed that about one
third of the men were missing. In the
morning the two-thirds that were left—
every member of the outfit save the guard
—lined the north bank of the Rio Grande
and stood watching Maximilian's redoubt.
Pretty soon from a point far down to, the
left the republican troops with their white
uniforms emerged. There appeared to be
onlf about half as many of them as usual.
They marched to a point no more than
two hundred yards away from the fort,
and seemed to pay less attention than
usual to the shots that went through their
ranks. They reached the place where it
was their custom to form for a charge,
and then, changing from column into line,
they swept for the redoubt like a storm.
They reached the foot of the parapet,
passed up and over and Into It like un
leashed war dogs. There were Fhouts,
shots and yells, and then in a moment the
flag of republican Mexico had replaced
that of the Emr^eror Maximilian.
It was then that a curious thing oc
curred. Another regiment of republican
troops emerged from the tents where the
camp had been pitched ten days before
and marched up and into the redoubt.
They had no sooner entered than the
white-coated detachment which had cap
tured the place moved out. '
• • ?
A queer sight presented itself. The sol
diers who In one swift undaunted charge
had taken the redoubt passed down the
river and out of sight into a clump of
trees. There, stranger sight than all. they
threw off the white cloth suits of repub
lican Mexico and donned the army blue of
Uncle Sam. In a few minutes they »vere
In some flat-bottomed commissary barges
and were on thMr way across the river.
A contingent of Phil Sheridan's men of
but little more than a battalion in size
had shown a regiment of Mexicans how to
take a French fort.
STORIES OF ARMY LIFE
SOME HUMORS OF
GRAND OPERA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900
SUNDAY .•..-... .....:..;.....:..%..... ..DECEMBER g. igoo
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
- "¦ - ¦ - ¦ ¦ . .
..Market and. Third, San Francisco
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.....::.. ...
18
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Cures
_Goitre !l
Rflm&rkaMa Discovery That Cures This
Dangerous and Diafiguring Di?eas«
Without Pain, Operation
or Inconvenience.
TRIAL PACKAGE SENT FREE
Dr. John P. Haljr. a well-knotrn Cincinnati
physician, has had marvelous success with a
remedy that cures Goitre or Thick Neck. And
owing to the fact that most sufferer* belleva
Mrs, Lillita Browa, who wm eatirslj nr«i or
Goltr? tfisr isffsrlag tat ZZ jtirs.
Goitre la Incurable. Dr. Hals »en<J» a frc»
trial package of his cHscovctt «o that patient* '<
may try awl know positively that Goitre can b«
cured at home without pain, danger, operation
or any inconvenience. Send your name anil
address to Dr. John P. Hal?. 735 Glenn build-
Ing, Cincinnati, Ohio, and he will forward tha
treatment postage prepaid. Do not fall to jret
this wonderful remedy. In Bombay, India,
60.000 patients In that infected district were
cured with this same remedy, and wh«Tever
used its success has been marvelous.
Write at once, send name and address ttvdar.
and Dr. Halg will be glad to send you a trial
package of the remedy free. Do not delay.
I B. KATSCHINSKI,
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 Third St.. San Francisco.
What You #|
Can Buy for I
Useful articles for home and fireside.
Ladles' black lx»arer lace shoes, flannel
lined, with -soft pliable turned soles:
particularly adapted for these cold
mornings. Reduced to Jfl.OO.
tj,,,..,- dressy felt house slippers In El
'r,d or brown and trimmed with braid B
and turneT^olea. Reduced to $t.OO. |
Men's embroidered black velvet slip- |I
ners opera or Everett cut. and trimmed B
with patent leather; something swell. SB
Reduced to gl.OO. J
SHOE ORDERS— If you desire to 9
make a present and do not know the m
size, buy a shoe order. H
Country orders solicited. M
Send for Illustrated Catalogue. M
philadelph1a~shoe co. b
iO THIRD ST. San Francisco. ILIVES LOST IN
ROCKPORT FIRE
COVELO, Dec. S.—Flre destroyed the
mill of tbe Cottoneva Lumber Company
at Rockport this evening. Flames were
discovered on the roof of the main build
ing and they soon epread to the adjoin
ing structures. The mill is a total los^.
Woman Burned to Death.
EUREKA. Dec. S.— Mrs. Carolina Otcge.
The Rockport mill was one of the larg
est plants in Mendocino County. One
hundred and thirty men were employed in
the mill and are now out of employment.
Reconstruction is promised, the work to
begin at once. The whereabouts of the
engineer cannot be ascertained until the
fire burns down. The plant was valued at
$40,000 and the insurance was nominal If
there waa any at all. .- - .
The engineer Is missing and the fireman
was injured. One unknown man 'was
caught by falling timbers and burned to
death.
Escaped Fury of Elements.
To-morrow (Monday) on sale, ladies' fine
kid shoes, all sizes, widths and styles, for
$1 13. These goods were Intended for prom
inent dealers of a eouthern city, but were
prevented from reaching their destination
owing to some elementary disturbances
which took place, and are worth $2 50 a
pair. Tha Standard, 1029 Market, between
Sixth and Seventh streets. •
EI. PASO, Tex., Dec. 8.— Blass Agulrrc,
a rative-born Texan, was convicted to
day of murder In the first degree by the
Juarez, Mexico, tribunal and sentenced to
be shot: The date of execution has not
yet been fixed, but the sentence will prob
ably be carried out within thirty days.
Agulrre resided ln this county. Ten
months ago he led a party of raiders,
which crotsed the Rio Grande, to wreak
their vengeance on Juan Escajeda, a
Mexican who had accused them of cattle
theft. The Mexican was attacked in his
own home by the mob and murdered. The
raiders escaped to Texas, but Agulrre
was arrested by American officers and ex
tradited under treaty. He was tried and
convicted in Juarez and will be executed
ln the most novel manner known on the
American continent unless President Diaz
Interferes, which is not probable. .
BLASS AGUIRBE MUST
PAY THE PENALTY
Csntury Greetings From Crowned
WATCH MEETING FOB
RED CROSS SOCIETY
Heads and World's Celebrities
to Be a Feature.
Twenty-five members of the San Fran
cisco Red Cross Society met yesterday
forenocn at the residence of Mrs. John P.
Merrill, 1732 Washington street, and de
cided definitely to hold a watch meeting
New Year's eve, in accordance with the
plans of the twentieth century department
of ihe national organization.
Golden Gate Hall will be the place of the
meeting unless it is found that a larger
hall will be required. Several commit
tees were appointed. Including one on mu
sic, of which Miss Anna Beaver is chair
man, and' one on printing, of which Mrs.
F. W. Sanborn Is chairman.
It is the intention to present an excel
lent musical programme. Interspersed be
tween the numbers will be the reading of
"greetings" to the Red Cross Society from
the rulers of the great nations and from
celebrities all over tho world— such men
as Tolstoi, Joseph Chamberlain, Kruger.
Zola,. Dreyfus, Sin Edwin Arnold, Lord
Roberts. Anthony Hope. etc.
A hundred of these messages have been
written. The originals will be preserved
in the Congressional Library. Fac-simlles
of them will be .delivered sealed, by ex
press, to local Red Cross societies
throughout the United States and to
churches or clubs that subscribe for the
sealed packets. The proceeds of these
pales will constitute a fund for the use of
the National Red Cross Society.
New Observatory Buildings at Three
Points Favorable for Making of
Meteorological Observa
tions Projected.
There la a fair prospect that the weath
er service on the Pacific Coast will be im
proved in very important particulars in
the near . future. For years there has
been pressure to have an island station
in the ocean off the Pacific Coast connect
ed with the mainland of the United States
by 'cable. Professor Willis 1^. Moore, the
wide-awake chief of the AVealher Bureau,
has betn considering the needs. of this
coast. News has reacned this city through
a private source that Secretary Wilson
of tho Department of Agriculture has
agreed wltn Professor Moore that there
ought to be and has recommended a cable
from Tatcosh Island, oft the coast of
Washington, to the mainland. «Tli© Secre
tary win recommend such cable and also
that observatory buildings shall be con
structed at Point, Crescent, Tatoosh and
Canby. ¦
This news concerns all dwellers on the
coast for two reasons. One Is that the
weather service will be greatly improved
by these additions, especially by the cable
from Tatoosh Island, which will enable
much early information to be received
concerning the coming in of storms from
the ocean. ! The other reason is that the
recommendation of Secretary Wilson does
not necessarily Insure the institution of
the work, for an appropriation is neces
sary. Manifestations of public interest
and approval on the Pacific Coast and re
quests to Pacific Coast Senatorial and
Congressional delegations to work for the
necessary appropriation will undoubtedly
do much toward securing it.
An intimation has also been received
that there is a possibility that another
professor will be appointed in the Weather
Bureau. Alexander George McAdle of
this city may be the man. He has a fine
renatatlon throughout the country as a
meterorologist and also for executive abil
ity and enterprise. In addition to tho ex
tensions referred to Secretary Wilson has
also recommended on suggestion of Pro
fessor Moore that there shall be national
forecast officers at Boston for the New
England district, at Galveston for the
Western Gulf district and at Denver for
the Rocky Mountain district.
Large Improvements Plan
ned for Weather Bureau
.on This Coast.
WILSON FAVORS
CABLE RUNNING
FROM TATOOSH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1 900.
On Wednesday next at 10 a. m. a solemn
mass in honor of the feasf of Guadalupe
will be celebrated at I he Spanish church
at 908 Broadway. Rev. Antonio M. Santan
dreu will officiate.
Feast of Guadalupe.
Accused of Forging a Client's Name
to an Indorsement on a
Check.
ATTORNEY O'BYRNE WANTED
ON A FORGERY CHARGE
Ellen Monnlcr. 454 Fulton street, secured
a warrant from Judge Fritz yesterday for
the arrest of Attorney George O Byrne on
the charge of forgery. She alleges that
O'Byrne while acting for her came into
the possession of a check for $42 49 given
to her for rents by B. P. Oliver, real es
tate agent, and that he forged her name
to the Indorsement on the back of the
check and cash.'d it.
Mrs. Monnier got Judgment against him
in Justice of the Peace Groezinger's court
a few days a?o for $155. and it was then
Intimated that he had been suilty of
fraud.' This is not the first lime O'Byrne
has been in trouble.
meyer. widow of the Phllllppsville stock
man who was mysteriously murdered two
years ago at his ranch house, died this
morning from the tffect of burns which
she received last evening. She was a suf
ferer from rheumatism and was applying
kerosene to her legs when the oil was
ignited from a lamp near by. Before as
sistance could reach her she was shock
ingly burned.
Oppose Duty on Grain Bags.
WOODLAND, Dec. S.-rFarmers of Tolo
County are memorializing Congress to re
move the duty from imported Brain bags.
COMMITS SUICIDE
• ' ON CROWDED STBBET
NEW YORK, Dec. 8.— Philip D. Sand
ham. 24 year« of age, a law student, a
friend of John Jacob Astor and a veteran
of the Spanish-American war, having been
a member of the Astor Battery, serving in
Manila, committed suicide by shooting
this evening at Sixth avenue and Sixty
first street, dying almost Instantly At
the time of the shooting the .adjacent
streets were filled. with pedestrians
Two ' detectives were informed' that
Sandham Intended to commit suicide and
went to tbe man's room. He came out
with a revolver in his hand and the of
ficers followed him. - Sandham threatened
to kill them f if they touched, him. They
followed him still further and then
pounced on him. but he was too quick for
them,' and before they could overpower
him he sent a bullet into his brain. It Is
believed he was Insane. ,-
Woodland Lecture Series.
"WOODIjAND, . Dec. 8.— Th© :.Woodland
lecture ¦ bureau will open the season on
December 17 with a lecture by Frederick
Monsen on "Through . Death Valley."
PEKING, Dec. 8.— Captains "Wingate
and Ryder, who accompanied the expedi
tion to Kalgan, returned to-day. During
their absence they visited several places
to which the Germans did not go, but
they encountered no opposition. They
learned that come twelve Europeans,
mostly Swedish and Norwegian missiona
ries, besides Captain Watts Pones, were
massacred at Kkeihua Cheng by orders
of the Taotai, and that one hundred na
tive Christians had also been put to death.
The details of the outrages are most re
volting. Captains WIngate and Ryder vis
ited the Belgian station, where the priests
in charge and J000 converts had sustained
a prolonRed siege by Boxers and Imperial
troops. They were informed that other
stations further west are still besieged
not only by Boxers, but by Chinese troops
acting under oruers from the authorities
and this ln spite of the assurances by the
plenipotentiaries that the Government is
doing Its utmost to suppress outrages
Chinese carrying concealed weapons are
arrested daily in Peking. Natives allege
that December 19 has been fixed as the
date for the rising: against the foreigners
ln the capital. No alarm is felt, however
as the troops are sufficiently numerous to
deal with a rising should one occur
BRINGS DETAILS
OF HEW OUTRAGES
19
ONE GRAND REMEDY.
/*"2^tv^^ There are many remedies, and few cures, for the loss of .vital, nerve 8
•%2^'I^?VrP~*^^ an<^ rnuscu ' a r strength; for those weaknesses which deplete the phvsical
•^"^ /J^^^^^Sp^^Nw • body of its 'strencth. There is one grand and never failing remedy <>
/ Jt!£&&**$r Cv^RkVV when it is applied right— that is Electricny. It will cure in every case #
\ ::-^^^Si^^^ f&jti&f'vK W ' 1C n B ' vcn to c body in the ri^ht way. That explains the success of £>
/^^Sfe^»\\ DR * MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. |
j^t^^^S 1 ' .»'^*- 1 1S tne on l> r never-failing cure for Rheumatism. Lame Back. X'er- 8
j£&S^*2>f / -J^V^ : vousness. General Debilitv. Loss of Power in Youn^. Middle-Acred and §
r-!E32*^ 1^iki*y C ?TJk Old -Men. Varicocele. Weak Back and Kidneys. Drains of Vitality, g
it^^^S*- lT*^ '/I^Sft Iss Wasted Energy, Sleeplessness, Pains in Head, Back. Chest. Shoulders §j
VV2**?^"<'vV,j " -^^^f '" ' an< * Limb *- female Weakness. Bearing Down Pains, and all those ail- S
\\^S3cgjg SayKry/- jffiSJSjSl If/ merits from which women suffer. It cures after al! other rr medics have g
\\^^n^^^^=^^M f/ failed. Why? Because it restores nerve life, animal vitality, warmth and ft
Y^S^yS^^^^^^^H./^ vigor to ail weak parts. It makes them strong, restores them to what %
N^^X5^^3<\^^rf^r nature intended them, health, vitality; and you know, dear reader, thit 8
- 'f each organ of your body is strong and acts vigorously, you will be in S
DRUGS ONLY STIMULATE. DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT GIVES LASTING STRENGTH. §
ITS CURBS ARE PERMANENT— FOREVER. X
Its touch is the touch of magnetism: it creates in a weakened body new life, vigor, ambition, 'energy, cour- fi
2ge, happiness and lone life. It is Nature's greatest Restorer, applied gently while you sleep. It will transform g
your weakened, pain-racked body into a paradise of health. Try it. you weak, debilitated man, you poor, weary 8 :
and disheartened wom?.n: feel the life blood warminjr your heart, the fire in your blood and the steel in your nerves, g
Let it cure you. -^ AND TEST IT TO-DAY, FREE. |
Call if you can and in five minutes I will make you a convert to my system .of treatment. I will talk com- «
mon sense to you, and you will see that I know what I am talking about If you can't call write for my.beauti- ?
ful 8o-page book, which describes my method of treatment and gives prices. It is free. Call or write to-day. '2
Office hours, ga.rn.to8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to I. , |
nt> M k M r I A I TIT H I IN 7 ° 2 Market st ***** Corner Kearny, , 2
JLIK. iYl» A» lUCJuAUUllLilil^ /6an Francisco, Cal.g
HOUS; E gTTRJflSHINGS. ¦ ¦ ¦ >- ¦ _ .'.-_''_ . _¦:'-.- ' ' ' ¦'-' : '¦" -
The Largest Furniture and Carpet House in the West. Quality for Quality, and Price for Price.
MWMj PMj Jff^k 0^ TT' '^I^^V 5 " Your trade must come to Pattosien's. The daily crowds in this store
B I H H >^J 3 vLA I%lI \>J attest the fact that we are getting the largest share of this city's furniture
L^9 M~~A JL We get it and keep it, however, by extending courteous .treatment,
nMF^ giving prompt attention to every_one, and selling— Only Reliable Goods—
away below downtown prices. .
C f\i* 1/t-tlt a««4 M!nn!nf1 C4o The illustrations of the goods advertised are photographic reproduc-
WtlF* pnin IfiiSSilill ZlIS. tions of the goods we s;ll-not doctored up drawings as you see them in
VVlt IVlll aUU ifllO^lUH U\3* the ads of our compatitors.
A Sale of Parlor Furniture This Week, 5 and 3 Piece Sets, Also Odd Pieces
All Made in Our Own Factory on the Premises and Guaranteed. Mail Orders Filled.
&-PIECE PARIX5R SUIT (small reception f'r.air and divan do not show in lllus- iH^a^'^ * • i^M^Ji^^i \N^@ffiT^^^M^^^»^^li
tratioa). just like cut. a new design, rich mahogany polish finish on blrohwood. • MPfe|K^^S£iA?§ff4«Wi?w*»K? A i 1 i ff &? - lBra*SB^*~^
expertly uphclsterM In flne ?i:k tapestry, to order; make your own selection of r^^^r^---rr^T^^^^^t
M^nh^T IT ~^Wr^J WE GUARANTE E EVERYTHING WE TWO FAMOUS TURKISH ROCKERS or CHAIRS, genuine leather covered
/ — r^| ywrHT SELL and leather trimmed throughout, high arms and high back, hand tufted, all maa-
l> * > V^ir » • ~— ~— -cr^rr^t • • --____-_______ • B ' vel >' upholstered, containing every element of perfect comfort ami luxurious ease;
f> 'issS^^EaSEjSjS^rryi jl * worth in downtown stores from $40.00 to $50.00; at Pattosien's. $32.00
&r ¦ "^m iU |, L^ \ PATTOSIEN'S. L tSS^^ffr' vs h
DAVEXrORT BED COUCH, the most t-t r>n ivm n a nr *\r\ nrrrmn i '#*.«'¦.#. * -. t
bv'^ri'n): pf^f 6 f^nitSr^ever con-* PARLOR SUITS, mahogany finished frames, profusely hand carved, an
reived or manufactured. Made to order. abundance of spring? and coverings of finest velour. Special this sale for flve-plecs suits only S3O.OO
any coloring Sl."5.00 up In three-piece suits only 817.00
A cluster of ODD HANDSOME PARLOR CHAIRS: we have rockers to match; w tbb*. lsa^. «m pbem <- w-» w w >---.
ve have selected the above pieces as a special lot: the price is JS.00 for either chair § \ B Hi §1 B r I ¦» I ¦¦ I I M9 ¦»
or rocker; every r:*^e is hand carved or inlaid v.ith marquetr>-. hand polished, up- 0 B\ tLJ* B-JD 0-4 I 1A L# I I ¦ W
holstered In either French velour or silk tapestry; your choice of colorinp. Come I _. i, _H H% W^ M^ B ZJk fill If 5^ 1 1 I W
f$^^M LACE CURTAIN astonishingly low prices.
%2'h S BARGAINS During the past three weeks our RUG DEPARTMENT has
V"*'//!f :i| -^-«ai.^*^.jla» kj» proved by the large sales that our customers appreciate our endeavor to give
%%f 'si From Walzenhausen, Canton Appen- e Greatest Rug Bargains in California. Several lots of fine factory-made
f M »«. Switzerland. W^^^mMm^^^^^^i^^
¦|j An entire surplus stock of Beautiful Lace Curtains. New French »or halls, parlors, bedrooms, dining-rooms, reception rooms, etc.
»;^ designs — with corded work, dainty stitches, with shaded cushion work — * • \
fi patterns that are the drawings from the best artists in Europe— an op- M ADF-UP p n v»v»rv4- D« •
L|;l portnnity to buy these curtains at a special sale and at a bargain is a rare " f 1 "T w r VaFp6l DaFg'ftlllS,
[^/ ! e ' en NOTE.-Ev«y pair of Lace Curtains advertised are all inches CclTDCt Rtl^S S^i^™v;M^Ss^l^lS
£f wide and are without exception the cheapest and best values we have *^ «mw«^^te^» '..'.'.'.' l"l<»
ever offered. A Few Prices to Show the Great
CLEARING SALE. $1.40 r nC nls d w fO e r J20 ° Fabrlcs ' M Bargains on Sale. T ?f.!?^.f.^"?!?.^?. r^?! 9f 05c y and"i3'"
Prices on curtains we wish to dlscon- Rfx n^ard^fnr li =n v«hHo« w> Slze W-6xl5, Axminster S27 OO T • 1 **" *"'
«nuc: 63.50 f nc les W ldl $4o ° Fabrlcs ' M Size 11x12-6 Lowell B. B . 2.V.OO LinOIPlim
CQ OST a pair for Lace Curtain* sold j' _ >ncnes wide. Size 8-3x10, Axminster . IS «>O JJlUUlCUlll,
O— »^O U p to $3.00. Cj^nf) a yard for 55.00 and J6.00 Fab- Size 8-3x12. Axminster £b*OO Extra rrade i « r d« «M> .„„,,,.
CQ Q= a pair for Lace Curtain, sold * W »"" rlcs. 50 Inches wide. Size 8-3x10 Wilton Velvet TroO yard !! .'.! ? 6> 8qUar6 o rt o
OO.^Oup to J4.W. S5.25 , a l' ard f° r ?7 - 50 Fa brt«. EO S ze 10-6xl0-« Bigelow B. B 2JL00 Second grade. 4 yards wVde/sQuare
Special reduced prices on Tapestry Curtains. Silk Curtains. Table Covers, etc. ?&£"*** Brl " g thC Sl " of y ° Uf B L 3 inote t um! C tbe aaSSS^.I^SllaO
cmsmAs STORE OPEN ¦: EVENINGS oSas
ADVEBTISEMZXTS.
"THERE IS HOPE."
* aaa-»a*a^ av^ a ¦ \^ a »— . •
Munyon's Improved Homeopathic Remedies
WILL CURE YOU.
Most Popular Medicine Ever Put Before
the Public.
MTJNYON'B ZMPKOVED HOMEO- MTTNYON'S RHETJMATISM CUBE sel-
_ Amrr - ¦DTiiTT'-nTTsi A"R"P A <4 <Jom fails to f el!ev « In one or two hours,
PATHIC REMEDIED AKi, Ab and cures ln a few day3 It reIievel
FAB IN ADVANCE OF THE REG- sharp, shootlr.s pains ln arms. Itgs. sida
ttt a-d errrnm ms* TTOTWPO- and tack tn a few hours, and generally
TJI.AB. SCHOOL OF H.om±X»- efEect3 a permanent cure before one v!aJ
PATHY AS HOMEOPATHY IS has been used. Prtc© 25 cents.
ABOVE ALL OTHER SCHOOLS— MUNTON'S DYSPEPSIA CURE re-
ZZ. , ~Z,~t,*-*w »tt rm-TAm T e lleves at once and positively cures all
THEY COMBINE ALIi THAT IS torxca of Dyspepsia. Indigestion or any
BEST IN ALIi SYSTEMS. Stomach Trouble arising from orer-eating
or drinking. Price 25 cents.
With Munyon's Remedies every one MUNTON'S KIDNET CURE promptly
»„ !,..„„„ i,! e n-m-n Anrtn-r Ho mc- c"res pains In th« back, loins or Kroirs
can become his own doctor— .NO ex- and a ,fki rd9 o[ Kidney Diseases. It will
perimenting — No guess ¦work — No prevent and arrest Bright'* Disease. Pnc«
purging-No nauseous dMM-Tb. fjggffifc C0LD c^ brcak ufl
Cure is Certain, quick and perma- any cold ln a few hours and prevent pneti.
nent— Munvon's system is to build monia. It relieves head, nose, throat and
i a. a. j __,. *- n <-~» 1 »4-v l «n lung^ almost instantly. These little snarar
up, not to tear down; to strengthen, VGU . 2t3 can De conveniently earned in tha
not to weaken. vest pocket for use at any tima or any«
where. Price 23 cents.
If you are sick, cast aside all other MUNTON'S COUGH CURE stop*
medicines, bury prejudice for a few coughs, nugt
days, step into the nearest drug MUNTON'S LIVER CURE l$ a reilab!«
store ask for Munyon's "Guide to cure for BIMousness. Constipation. Jaur.-
I HeaUh," purchase a 25-cent vial of
one of Munyon's Remedies and MUNTON'S GENERAL DEBILITZ
.„.. vn«Tsi»lf CURE cures the exhausted feeling, pro*
cure yourseir^ duces a fresh nealthy co i or ln bloodless
Munyon's Inhaler i3 a Positive Cure UV th * system ecnerally,
for Catarrh, Asthma and All Dis- muntoX'S HEADACHE CURE win
eases of tho Head, Nose, Throat cure aU kinds cf headaches no mattet
c ' , " . 4_i-- iiTT,,,) from what cause artslngr. ln from thre«
and Lungs, two styles, iiara to ten mi nil te». with absolutely no tnju-
Bubber" and "Gla3S Family." rious after effects. Price 23 cents.
Price, ?1.00, with all medicines. —67 REMEDIES—
THE OTVL. DRUG COMPAKT. I NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG COMPANT,
1128 Market St. 943 Market St.
ZEH'S CUT-RATE DRUG STORE, McDONNELL PHARMACY,
I . 1226 Market St. i 106 to 110 Grant Ave.
BATEMAN & BROOKS. GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO..
33 Grant Ave. 211 Kearny St.
H G GERDES. REDMOND'S PHARMACY,
345 Kearny St., cor. Pine. Polk and Eddy Sts.
' FERRT DRUG COMPANT,
Market and Steuart Sts.
~i»/f . n ) o Munyon's 57 remedies are bo conveniently put up. so plainly la-
lYllinyOn © beled -with all directions so clear and rlmple, that their presence
n -Ja#IJAc» In a home— ln case of Illness— always allays all fears or having
KCmvUICo to run for a doctor. Munyon has a tried and proved specific for
#»v*rv disease and ailment of youngr or old. with thousands of testimonials Indorsing
•t His remedies cure Rheumatism. Kidney Trouble. Uv«r Complaints. Dyspepsia.
Tn^i"p«tion Blood Impurities, Fevers^Colds. Coughs, Piles, Headaches. Debility.
Chofera Mo'rbus? Measles, etc.. etc. At all druggists, mostly 23 cents a viaL Writo
to Professor Munyon for free medical advice upon any disease. Twenty-sixth street
and Broadway. New York City.
i \tfee perficioi i5W
.BQTTLKUT HE DjSfiLLERY*
PURE-A5gQJffrfdl£5aMr .
(/serf in tie fat/lea/ Dep&ixenfs oftf)e~
U.S.ARMY $ NAVY Service-
8, CO.
*SAH rWHCISCO, ; DISTRIBUTORS.!
£t*ren cfAn/f*tfomi or. n/Med Bott/ts. "4
DR,PERCE'S£aBGDY-BAf!ERY
New /2^/*>\\ M' 2 *
By means of \$liXrjM/ PUane«! n
Dr. Pierce'* e&*-2SSj mJ » the body
Belt and At- SJKUShBI. w1^> electrlc-
tachments a - jJftWUffHR Itr. thus grrtr-
po-a-erful cur- »"V>J**Vo> ; ok1 la Nature's
rent of el«c- s»^S« warmth and
tricitymaybe ¦'^®^ffCT »tren*thtoal!
conveyed to uflBSv&HH w^" us « it.
any part of iT^!r F^tt?! cures
the body or TSW \ ft 'J without dru^s
the trearer. if \ i\ff and Is as good
from head to 'ii \ fi M ' or women
foot, thereby I -1 \T« ** for men.
I m parties ' ig Mil ffces r*a-
vlm and vl^or ¥f I Lil son&ble. Xo
10 all weafc a lid "Free" or
parts and 9 Vm "Half Price"
drlrlnjr awayg2**7fl \W** °" er11 made
aches and 1 trt *~ n thls
p»ln« a» li - 1 TiP* KELT. If
by magic. L*#^ ior * want the
C7Our new "Book- S **V BEST, you
let No. 3" gives full In- must h a ve
formation. Fr*« at of- "Dr. Plerce's."
ti-m or mailed to any address for a 2-oent
stamp. Call or addrpsa PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 114S Broadway (abore 2«th at.).
Nflw Tork. Pacific Coast office. 63) Mar-
ket tt. (opposite Palace Hotel). San Fran-
cisco.
When writing, kindly mention th!« pager.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTOUATIVB. IXVIGORA-
* tor and .Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Slexican Remedy tor LHseaaes of the Kid-
Beys and Bladder. Sells on its own msrlt*.
NABER, ALFS * BRUN'B. Agest*.
S23 Market St.. S. P.— (Send for Circulars.)
CC4 CHICMESTER'S CN3UIM
PjWROYAl PILLS
B ,-/£"V Original ana O«ly Weattine.
Ir-"~?*yL>^\ SAFE. 4l««fir»iuMn failWn «¦» Prim I
la UEU «<l Cold »ta.~.! 0 boxe* H£^
4^ J.^yl?;^"" 1 " 1 "?-?' 0 ** 110 * 1 *"- K.fatsj
i?1 9^ «£j Da«ctr*«» 8ab«Ut«ti<M« an J Imtu.
I *•' kgT «»»P» *>' H»rU»lan. Ta«tta*mUla
NEW WESTERN 'HOTEL,
KEABNT JiSXt WA8HEJGTO.V ST3.— Rg.
modelad and reaovated. KINO. WARD U
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $2M day
IS to » wttk: P to CO month. Free bath»: hot
and cold water every room: firs gratta la tTtry
I rrmm; «ierator mna all nlftht.
B /i^ffiralBpjgfc» is THE ENGINEER OF OUR FATE. If ib€ usei lard M
¦ (LJKS&^E&& >^£§~\ we are liable to be ifFected by the ailments to which the animal* Eg
H^^K||M^l^r RfeA fits, but remains s« tet 2nd clein un- W
'-: ¦ ¦¦ ¦" ¦¦'¦¦ \You Will, Be Bight in It
A special men's : vici kid, box calf,'seal
skin or kangaroo shoes, , worth -?4 to J5.
will be sold to-morrow for $185 'a pair.
TheBe shoes, are hand sewed, stylish. All
sizes. At; the shoe trust sale of the Bea
Hive Shoe Company, > 717 Market street,
heariThlrdJ%a^g&!e9atigraMRSai m * \
Rathbone Sisters.
San Francisco Temple of the Rathbone
Sisters, K."of P.,, will have a bazaar and
social ln Pythian Castle next ' Wednes
day in aid of itsrellef fund, which is used
for* members -'of the, temple who happen to
be in distress. This temple- has appointed
the following ladles to take charge of the
tables,, on .which -, there will be displayed
many choice fancy articles: Mrs. A. A.
O'Brien, Clara Tuska, Mrs. P. A. do Wear,
Laura Shuttleworth. ' Clddle Ralsh. t Mrs.
E. A. SchofleJd and Mrs.E. B. Dwlght..
Payment of Coupons.
The following- telegraphic. Instructions
covering" payment of coupons were re
ceived , by the Assistant Treasurer, San
Francisco yesterday, to wit: "Beginning
with the 15th of this month you may.an
ticipate payment of" coupons due on the
1st of January as follows: Funded loan
of 1907 and consols of 1930. Interest
checks, same loan, will go forward by
mall 2<)th. of this month for 'payment by
you when presented."
one of the best wells In one of the best oil
iirL * ln the count y w as drilled at the spot
which afterward proved to be the one that
would have been selected by the superintend
ent had he been able to see into the ground
and count the barrels underneath. It happened"
m tnis way. An employe was directed to stake
out a road to be built so that teams could haul
to a flat somewhere on the top of which a hole
was to be started. He marked the route, and.
navlng a slncle stake left, a l&rge one. he
drove it Into the ground at the upper end of
the road. The teamster, after they had scraped
out the sldehill to allow the passage of their
wagons dumped the lumber for the derrick at
;C? , p . olnt where the large stake was driven,
thinking that it had been set to eulde them.
Then the rig builders continued the error and
the first thing the authorities knew an outfit
was ready for operation where nobody could
see any signs of oil. but they had the nerve to
fo ahead, with the result that they found
l^hi m u e fS tne P° 8ses sor of a great producer,
which will make, them rich. ¦
The Westlake Oil Company, of Los An
ples-has thirty-two producing wells and
is about to sink others. It is the intention
or tne reorganized management to use the
revenue derived from the producing wells
L n pu i tln & In additional ones. This' course
nas been decided upon by reason of a
clause in the lease on the property, which
provides that the company may enjoy the
possession of the property for seven years
but that all wells must be drilled within
three years.
Six companies are operating at San
Pedro. Three have found indications of
oil. ,
The Bella Vista Oil Syndicate Is rapidly
completing arrangements preparatory to
active operations on its large acreage In
san Mateo County. The officials have
contracted for a telephone line to extend
a distance of four miles from their, works
to Sunset connections.
With a record of nearly 200 oil wells
completed last month and over 650 begin
ning to drill in one month, there is little
occasion to call the progress of the oil
Industry in California slow. - There i are'
several new dietricts in which prospecting
is going on. Still the greater part of the
work is proceeding i Q the older districts.
Wo one knows how rich these districts
are. Where the- oil belt has been located
JO.* ii n , r Coun ty. In Los Angelea County
and «ln Ventura County, a series of sur-
P rls , es have awaited the men engaged in
exploiting the State's resources in petro
leum.
The new districts where capital is in
vested, and where indications lead the
P r ° s P ec tor to be active, are sufficiently
widely scattered to convince Eastern peo-
i e w « h £ take tr «uble to become acquaint-
f d wit ,h the facts that the Industry, like
me mining industry, is far from attain
ing its proper stature. State Mineralo
gist cooper Is confident that there are as
good districts in the State yet undeveloped
|* s £ ave been discovered. The production
a November is estimated to have exceed
ed the output of October by over 1400
barrels^ daily. The enterprise is on the
basis of an established industry In many
localities. As development has extended
the price of lands within the limits of
J,?.j rl y well-defined belts has advanced.
The Pacific Oil Reporter of recent date
lumlsnes some figures on this latter point
mat are of Interest. Says the Reporter:
Pr °bably there have been few instances in
}£* nl^ tor y of real estate transactions where
there has been isuch a marked Increase In land
values as In the Kern River field. The rail
fSi . comDan y held its alternate sections in
this district at II :s an acre until the oil dis
covery was apparent, when" it was raised to
5- 50 an acre, but it Is probable that twenty-five
cents an acre under the desert land law would
De nearer its actual value and more In ac
cordance with the price that could be got for
the land, ae it was too far below the level of
the Kern River to be available for irrigation,
and natural rainfall was too light to make |t
of any value for agriculture. A year is spont
In developing th« oil resources of the section
and, then sales are reported at significant
prices. The northeast quarter of section 8, ly
ing on the- very edge of the district.- wont for
U6.000. People paid JS500 an acre for eighteen
acres in section 26, 2S-28, a short time ago.
The San Joaquin has closed a contract made
six months ago, when land values were much
lower than they are now. by which it is to
receive J87.000 for eighty acres In the southwest
quarter of cectlon 6, 29-28. realizing nearly J1100
per acre, and a contemporary published In that
locality intimates that present values are much
higher. Probably no more remarkable rise in
prices of desert land In so short a time has
been recorded in California, even in the palm
iest days of the orange boom.
The local papers published In the sev
eral oil sections are filled with headlines
like "Work in Full Swing"; "Drill and
Pump Active"; "Development Is Speed
ing," etc., which indicates to even the
casual observer that energy Is back of
the work. In San Diego County, accord
ing to the San Diego Union, the opera
tions are not confined to the coast sec
tion. The Union says:
Recently increased evidences of oil have be«n
noted on the waters of the Colorado, where
sras has been escaping: for owr a year. Near
the holes formed by the bubbling gas. which
In themselves have, become far more notice
able than formerly, a greasy substance won
derfully resembling petroleum but without
odor, may be plainly seen. It covers the water
for quite an extended area and all who have
eeen it pronounce It to be oil. Robert S. Hatch
Becured some of It last week and sent it to
Los Anseles for analysis. In the meantime
the Southwestern Oil and Development Com
pany, composed of Tuma enthusiasts, is making
rapid preparations for the sinking of a well.
They are firm in the belief that they have oil
land. Ab almost all of them own land in the
neighborhood, they have made a pool to test
the field. It is said that several enterprising
capitalists of Yuma have signified their will
ingness to do the same, so the amount neces
sary to 6tart things is already in sight. A
brand new rig- of the latest pattern, modern In
every particular, will soon be ordered from
San Francisco and prospects are I splendid for
the early inauguration of operations.?;
The Tejon Oil and Development Com
pany has Incorporated, with the following
directors: John Wolf skill, Henry H. Den
ker, P. W. Cottle, . George Lichtenberger,
A. Jacoby, C. L. Whipple and George
Knarr of Los Angeles. M. A. Macmurdo,
J S. Drury. "William Tyler and B. H.
Bill of Bakersfleld, and has selected the
following officers: John Wolfskin, presi
dent; II. H. Denker, vice president;
George Llchtenberger, treasurer, and
Abraham Jacoby, secretary. The com
pany owns 1160 acres adjoining the Tejon
ranch in Kern County.
There is a well In the Kern River dis
trict that during the month of November
produced a total of sixty carloads ajid Is
pumping 350 barrels per day.
A company in the Sunset district is
operating with money procured by the
sale of stock in the City of Mexico. Colo
rado capital has gone Into the Sunset and
McKittrick for leases.
W. P. Mclntosh of Colorado Springs
will exploit petroleum lands.
There seems to be no question about
the strike on the Edgar Oil Company's
property on 18, 2S-28, in the extreme north
ern limits of the Kern River field. The
drill has gone through over 100 feet of oil
sand, which is said to be rich. This ex
tends the district somewhat in a northern
direction, and land is being secured now
In advance of this property. The exten
sion south of the Kern River is likely to
be proved before the. end of the month.
The Hercules Oil Company, operating In
this section, struck a vein of oil at 200
feet in its first well, but eased it off and
will go deeper In soarch of a more pro
lific sand. The southwestern extension is
being opened, up by the Arizona Western
Oil Company, which Is 1000 feet down and
has 200 feet of oil sand, but will not call
It a well until the sand has been entere'd
further.
The Bakersfield Californian has the fol
lowing:
It la Fometim^s all luck. By pure accident
DECIDES TO POSTPONE
THE EXAMINATIONS
Run Chances of : Being Cited
for Contempt.
Civil Service Commission Will , Not
Rather than run chances of being cited
for contempt by disobeying: Judge ' Heb
bard's restraining order, the Civil Service
Commission adopted a resolution yester
day . providing that the' examinations
heretofore announced for the so-called
county offices: Assessor, County Clerk,
Coroner, Recorder and Sheriff, be post
poned until further orders.
The resolution recites that the attorneys
of the commission. Franklin K. I^ane.
City Attorney, and Garret W. McEner
ney. advised that the recent in
junction issued ¦ by Judge Hebbard,
together with the other pending
cases pertaining to the civil ser
vice provisions of the charter, would be
heard by the Supreme Court of the State
of California on January 14, 1901, and a
speedy decision rendered.
t/ompletion of Over Ten Score in
One Month, While the Rigs
Are I ftcrion
NEW OIL WELLS
NUMBER HUNDREDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900,
20
PROSPECTUS
THIS syndicate Is formed to take over the unsold portion of the Fruit Vale 'Estate, the property of m! Theo Kear
ney, situated ln Fresno County, California, and embracing 5187 acres, for the purpose of planting and develoD-
ing the unplanted portion and selling the whole to another company, say two years hence, which will issue bonds
and ehares to provide for Its purchase.
This property was carefully selected and purchased by Mr. Kearney in 1883, and is pronounced by all who
have Eeen It to be one of the most attractive and valuable country estates in California. The soli is of the class now
known to be of the greatest value for the production of choice raisins and of port, sherry and burgundy wines of
•which there remains in the Fresno district but a very limited quantity not already, planted. It is conceded that no
other county in the State can successfully compete with Fresno in these products.
Reference Is made to an accompanying circular for reports upon the property. See pages 31 to 37.
Of the 61S7 acres, 2000 have been used as grain land, 1000 acres are In alfalfa, 900 acres in full bearinff raisin
vineyard and 100 acres in bearing orchard.
A palm avenue, the finest in the State, eleven miles long, with three roadways, beginning at the town of Fres
»o. runs through the property.
/ A park ln the center of the estate contains 240 acres and Is handsomely improved. It Is, however reserved
from Bale, as it Is less profitable than the other lands, but it Is to be leased by the syndicate so as to uUUza tu
buildings. ' lze tne
The whole property Is under a thorough system of irrigation, with long established water rights belonging to It-
roads are constructed to every part, every twenty-acre sub-division having a frontage on a road — an important ad'
vantage ln the event that it is ever desired to sell the property ln sub-divisions. Ample buildings for Its needs an>
already erected, and in all other respects the property Is in flrst-class order, over $400,000 having been expended In its
improvement. With an additional expenditure of $400,000 it can in the next three years be brought to earn a net In-
come of from $50 to $150 per acre, or $250,000 to $750,000 annually, depending. upon the seasons and market conditions"
This estimate is conservative. (See circular, pages 37 to 40.)
On account of the depression in the raisin industry following the panic of 1893, largely due to Improper meth
ods in marketing the crop in practice at that time, the raisin acreage of the State has been greatly reduced and as a
result the yearly demand for raisins is now fully equal to the yearly supply. Further, the demand Is rapidly In-
creasing owing to the Introduction of machinery -which Is now successfully used to take the seeds from raisins be"
fore they are offered for sale. "Seeded" raisins are becoming a very popular article of food with cooks and house
keepers throughout the country. /
The California Raisin Growers' Association, which Is In the third year of its successful career, fixes the price of
raisins for the whole crop of the State and assures prosperity to raisin growers.
The California Wine Association offers to make a contract for ten years at a very remunerative figure for the
purchase of all wine grapes we may produce.
It Is proposed to at once plant 4000 acres (of which 2000 acres are already being planted) In raisin and wine
vineyard and ln new California Smyrna fig orchard. . This can be done at an outlay, covering three years, of $300 000
One hundred thousand dollars more Is required to pay off a mortgage and $100,000 for equipment. '
The 6187 acres and the personal property, including about 275,000 raisin curing trays and boxes of the value of
$30,009, 100 head of work animals, with harness, .farming implements, vehicles, 800 tons of hay, 200 tons of barley and
about one million rooted vines for the coming season's planting, etc.. etc., have been taken over by the syndicate at
the gross sum of $S65.O00, or the net sum, deducting the mortgage of $100,000. of $765,000. This is a very low valuation
as eales of wholly unimproved land ln this tract of the came quality have been made at an average of $200 per acre'
(Bee in circular the certificate of the searcher of records, page 34.) The crop of raisins, grapes and fruits gathered hi
1S00 and the outstanding accounts are not included in the purchase. All expenditures since October 1, 1900, not on crorj
account have been assumed by the syndicate; the amount, however, does not exceed $5000. No other liabilities are as
earned except the mortjrage for $100,000. - .
Of the purchase price Mr. Kearney has accepted $700,000 in fully paid shares, thus showing in the strongest imn
oer his faith ln the investment m<lu "
As it Is desired that the syndicate shall conduct its business on a cash basis and hold Its property free frnm
<5ebt. it is capitalized at $2,000,000. piuperxy iree rrom
T»urchase of property ; ; $765,000 00
Mortgage to be paid off...; 100,000 00
Planting and cultivation for thre« years of 4000 acres ln new vineyards and Smyrna
fl» orchard 300,000 00
(This work can be contracted for at less than this sum.)
Equipment ; 100,000 00
pany •?.....
Total outlay $1,265,000 00
This leaves $725,000 of treasury stock to be Bold if further expenditures are found desirable. A by-law adopted
by the syndicate prohibits the lncunnent of any debts beyond the value of the treasury stock on hand thus guar-
anteeing In a very practical way that the stock issued -will not be assessed. • .«*"««
. It Is well known In the raisin -district that good vineyards earn $100 per acre annually under present conditions
Jm bonds bearing 5 per cent Interest which are secured on property earning two or three times the interest payable
on the bonds are eagerly souerht for. it can safely be expected that when the time arrives to issue bonds on this prop-
erty it can readily be done on a basis of 5500 per acre because the fixed charge for interest will be only $25 per acre
These bonds will be especially desirable because they will have valuable real estate as a basis of security '
th i s ,£ Ue Of 55O .° pe 'lf cr | the bond Issue will be $2,500,000. thus returning to the syndicate the whole of their
capital and 100 per cent profit In addition to that $5,000,000 of shares will be Issued to the syndicate, and all the earn-
ings of the property above $2a per acre, which, after settinjr aside a percentage to the sinking fund for the redemp-
tion of the bonds, should equal 6 per cent on $5,000,000. will be paid In dividends to the shareholders.
Outlay SI 265 000 00
Value, say three years hence when ready to be turned ! over 'to new coinl ' '
?s«S^^t^»^ ¦ ii ii i * i; i ii ; mi i ii :: : : ; nv-in $2,500.00000 •
Twu^^w! ST~ »•' 5,000.00000
Profit to three years .6.235.000 00 '
MMt , '..IV '-• ; $7,500,000 00— $7,600,000 00
A largre additional Item is the earning* of the 1000 acres of vineyard and orchard already in full bearing which
*m be received while the new vineyards are reaching maturity. No account Is taken of exceptionally prosperous
years when the profits realized amount to half or the whole cost of the property. prosperous
In any possible event the syndicate will own B000 acres of the most valuable vineyard In the State, fully' equip-
ped, all ln bearing and entirely free from debt, at a cost of only $1,265,000. or J253 per acre. If 5 per cent on that sum Is
taken from the earnings and paid to the syndicate shareholders as interest that would amount to only $12.65 per acre
and all that the property will earn above that small sum will be profit " '
No Buch results as outlined above can be secured by the purchase and planting of small tracts by Individuals,
because only financially strong companies, employing the best business and farming ability and operating on a large
scale can hope to succeed ln placing their bonds and shares.
FRESNO, December 4th, 1900.
M. THBO, KEARNEY, President.
This undertakins must commend itself to shrewd and enterprising business men and Investors, and the profits
to be secured mipfct Just as well be kept on this coast as to have them go to Eastern company promoters.
Subscription blanks and copies of prospectus will be furnished on application to the bankers an& at the offices
of the ryndJcate.
AH checks to be made payable to the order of the bank to whom the application is sent.
Future Issues of th ««t°fk will undoubtedly command a large premium owing to the greatly Increasing value' of
the property from year to year resulting from its development ' ° ' . & ¦---,.
Application^ accompanied by payment of first 10 per cent will be reported immediately bv. the bank receiving
the same to the Fresno office, and allotments of shares will be made only in priority of application. ; -
DIRECTORS,
M. THEO. KEARNEY, Fresco, President. I HECTOR BURNESS ESQ Fresno
JUDGE M. K. HARRIS. Fresno, Vice President. G. R. TAYLOR. ESQ.. Fre«no
LOOS F. MOXTEAGLE. ESQ.. San Francisco.
Secretary (Pro Tem.), C. L. DINGLEY, Fresno.
OFFICES.
FiFke BuHding, Mariposa street, Fresno. . .
Off.ce of Wm. Henson. 311£laus Spreckels (Call) Building, San Francisco.
Helen Jackson's ]Tj lfY% f\ F8
ffiffi^|i||§ The Bamona Pictures f
Southern California, long S'nce Amply illustrated by Henry Sand-
pronounced an American Classic,
with the SUasrb pictures Of Henry ot Ramona and Alcssandro are truly >
c ., , . , ,.,./. ideal, and the photogravure of tne \
oananam, makOS a delightful Franciscan monk among: flowers Is a
Christmas Gift * bit of as P ret ty ana appealing illustra- I
c ii / ., . • t' 01 * as ever seen. — Boston Journal. ;
From the following extracts it *w
v/t .# f / Pictures created under the guiding
Will 00 Seen that the press awards hand of the author herself. They give
unstinted praise to everything £
entering into this beautiful pro- volumes doutly interesting and valua-
duction. ble.— San Francisco Call. f
, Beautifully illustrated— thoroughly
The new edition of 'Ramona' artistic— San Francisco Argonaut.
s?orv',TnX;n CSPeCt r^' Orthy ° f W Glimpses of the Md mission churches
story s undying qualities as a work oi are he £ # udent gate way S under the
literary art. — Chicago Tribune. palms which seem like the spiritual ;
1-j T"T4 T-* < language of the crosses they over \
\\C\tnr\nci I n^ Rnr»lr shadow. The faces of Ramona and *
X\ailLUlld f I LlC OOOK AIegsandro slng1n g to Felipe move llko
"T™ 1 ™™™"™ 1 "'^"™"™ 1 ""^^"™™""^^^^ shadows through the dusk of some
Ramona and Alessandro are vital half-remembered twilight.— Los An-
figures in literature-Brooklyn Eagle. eelea Sund ay Times.
Ramona is one of the few great
American novels. Its appearance in Tlia ifntnnr.i \nirnHtiri inn •
a form that is well-nigh mechanically *U* if 0111003 ID irOUUCIlOn i
perfect entitles this elegant edition to ¦¦¦— <
fiv e a C t« reful cons , ldor ,'? tlon of , thos , e who A beautiful edition. A charming
i'&S ~ e nK I S5?rffi!" inr JeWel9 Pre ' biographical sketch by Susan Coolidge
—Boston Gazette brings the reader in touch with a rare-
T . . ... , ly gracious and lovable personality.—
wh^ 'mS? V?o a o r &y a gTvTs^R work! Philadelphia Public Ledger. \
when she pronounces it "the most The Informative and sympathetic in- \
A'nfe'rTcLn^fl. Vt is Inde^l welcome, as are
Hawthorne's two greatest romances." tne n °*e 3 which Mr. Sandharn pub-
but who v/ill deny that It is a mark lishes concerning: his genuinely ll-
deserved?— Literary World. lustra tive Illustrations.— The Outlook.
RAMONA. A STORY. By HELEN JACKSON. MonUnv Edition.
With introduction by SARAH C. WOOLS EY (Susan Coolidsre). Il-
lustrated with 25 full-pace photogravure plates and numerous chapter
headings'by HENRY SANDHAM, 2 vols.. 8 vo. printed on clear
white wove paper, in new and beautiful type. Cloth extra, jrilt top,
in cloth wrappers and cloth box, with cover designs by Amy II.
Sacker. $6.oo. j
Edition de Luxt. 300 copies printed on hand-made paper, with four water ,
colors and a duplicate set of plates. 2 vols., 8 vo. half morocco, jrilt ;
tops, ooze calf sizes. $15.00 tut.
LITTLE. BROWN & CO., Publishers . . 254 Washington St., Bosfon j
t Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years la
China, has located in San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cures effected by
his herbs demonstrata their
potence and his skill. Thesa
herbs cure over 4C0 different
diseases. Including: Bright' 9
Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion, Asthma, Paralysis. Brain.
Nerve. Cancers, Tumors. Blood. Male and Fe-
male Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whitsoever are invited to call.
Office, 727 Washington st- Office hours— 9 a.
m. to 1'.' in. 1 to 9 p. m. : Sundays, 10 a. m. to
12 m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a
cure of asthma of several years' standing.
A. DARLET. San RafaeL
TONG F»O GHt-V.
DR. HALL'S REJSYlGOBATORETg^E
Five hundred reward for any N2<*iiJ?i''
case we cannot cure. This secret imtm BSJn
remedy stops all losses tn 24 hours, j P
cures Emission*. Impotency. Vari- K,,<| f^» :
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. 9Jfi rTfr
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all MJ -Li,
wasting: effects of self-abuse or Kii>\_ jm£
excesses. Sent sealed. t2 bottle: 3 m» i'I'Tmt"!
bottles. $5: euaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S3S
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 •<,
Market St.. S. F. AH private diseases quickly
1OOO shares of Pacific Crude Oil
Company's stock,- operating, in the
McKittrick and Sunset Districts,
now boring .their second well, with
non-assessable stock, having been
incorporated under the laws of Ari-
zona, which provides (THAT PRI-
VATE PROPERTY IS EXEMPT
FROM CORPORATE DEBT) Arizona
law, 25c per share on easy terms.
On the 19th of November this
company struck a gusher on section
24-30-21.
Apply at the office of JAMES H. T.
MERSHON, Oil, Land and Stock
Broker, 537-538-539 Partott Bldg.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
KNOWS NO DISTINCTION.
Rich and Poor Alike Suffer From
Catarrh in This Climate.
All observant physicians have noticed
the enormous increase in catarrhal dis-
eases in recent years, and the most liberal
and enlightened have cheerfully given
their approval to the new internal rem-
edy, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, as the most
successful and by far the safest remedy
for catarrh yet produced.'
One well-known catarrh specialist, as
soon as he had made a thorough test of
this preparation, discarded inhalers
washes and sprays and now depends en-
tirely upon Stuart's Catarrh Tablets in
treating catarrh, whether in the head
throat or stomach.
Dr. Risdell says: "In patients who had
lost the sense of smell entirely, and even
where the hearing has begun to be af-
fected from catarrh, I have had fine re-
sults after only a few weeks' use of Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets. I can only explain
their action on the theory that the cleans-
ing and antiseptic properties of the tablets
destroy the catarrhal germs wherever
found, because I have found the tablets
equally valuable in catarrh of the throat
and stomach as in nasal catarfh."
Dr. Estabrook says Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets are especially useful in nasal ca:
tarrh and catarrh of the throat, clearing
the membranes of mucus and speedily
overcoming the hawking, coughing and
expectorating.
Any sufferer from catarrh will find Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets will give immediate
relief, and being in tablet form and pleas-
ant to the taste are convenient and al-
ways ready for use, as they can be car-
ried in the pocket and used at any time
as they contain no poisonous drugs but
only the cleansing antiseptic properties of
eucalyptus bark, guaiacol, blood root and
hydrastin.
All druggists sell the tablets at 60 cents
for complete treatment.
r ¦ i | 'Nothing to Worry About! ' ¦
AT Z££SLY E JUST RUN THROUGH AN IMM E!Hft E
| PRICES! I TH , S CHRiSTMAS LIST . | VARIETY! \
; Albums. work Boxes. Dressing Gases.
~£*° -H- e J- ryin?r v- t0 d ? scribe all 'we've Decorated celluloid outside. silk- Celluloid cases, ln fancy shapes.
m?m £i vc ab ? ut VM styles, big and lined, fitted with 6 pieces... 25c. 50c. 75c handsomely decorated In the- highest
iiirl n£Vn° n £n ai ? 1 1 S 2 uar f e - decorated • • art colors. Ivory, ebony, Wedg-
HhrnFnntn^ L fronts, plain and A£^£S=rN53»)l wood or gold, with patent drop hinges.
IS« Jor P v2 ge ?' U !T^, or Kquare /i^^^^yTH either in toilet or manicure and toilet
Panels/ from*?. "!!'.^^}&tJ $M» i^^fef^^^l COmblned to $23 00
fl^^llS^^^^ TovIe^sTSTrK" ° f Celluloid covering, nicely decorated.
MS&&3ki-'^,''f k3.v^-4^iV^S?^Sri5«fc 7 ' oblong or square shapes. 3 piece*—
J%XF'-$vyS-*? f c< 'f- •ffij ~>ffil^^^y^SfijL " comb, brush and mirror 75c to (2 SO
iia THREE SPECIALS ' > Xhavinor Xpft
Easfil AlDums. from $2 25 to $8 00 rnn tiiia iiirr.i «.,.,. OIlUIMg OClOi
Musical Albums. 1. 2. 3 4 or 5 tun fQR JHJg UfPrV QJjiy ___™-
II* .'#. » O I BOYS' FOOTBALLS. jbS^L^5^^C;i I
Wail (ii f R N^lv Rppulation size. Ruyby shape, leath- Wfl^^^^^
' . .. - . ' „ for f0 Ms w 1; " *" P J1 : spec "] ' V^^^S^^M^
•In fancy decorated celluloid cases. ' '- ¦ . , Fancy celluloid boxes in square, ob-
silk or satin lin,ed, tools of good ma- Customerg Ont of the c:«v win Dl Io , n e L l? ur !? nd^ b £? shape*, silk and
terial from......... ....75c to $5 00 " °* the Clty wni p 'ea»© plush Uned. fitted with brush and mug
" . Remember That only, or brush, mug, strop, razor and
ft ¦ • ft j WF fid IUCD COCC Tn mirror, from Jl 50 to $7 60
Special on Suspenders. \^J l m lL^ - niI , n « D
BinTweb. kid end S . f u^lt buckle,. $S& £f* 8e iHSSE • 80(1 GUff BOXBS.
|g!§; g^L §3£ 2^w^tt|M!
Books ijAff fi jbfe ¦¦'¦¦«# jp-H Gatal °£-
i? u $™ : . w 818-820 Market Street, San Francisco. town address.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
PROFITS THAT GO TO TRUST PROMOTERS OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC.
SHARES WILL BE ALLOTTED IN PRIORITY OF APPLICATION.
SHARES FULLY PAID NON-ASSESSABLE
i^^p An
'
Lodge and Entrance to Park, Fruit Vale Estate, Fresno County, California.
Incorporated Under the Laws o! the State of California, October 27th, 1900
:apital— two million dollars shares— 200,000, sio.oo each
ISSUE OF 30,000 SHARES OF SIO.00 EACH AT PAR
To provide working capital only for the first year's development of the property and to pay off the mortgage
fche vendor having accepted $700,000 in shares in payment for the real estate. " "
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK of San Francisco
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK of Fresno
THE FARMERS' NATIONAL BANK of Fresno
"Will receive subscriptions from the public for 30,000 shares of $10.00 each at par. and will issue receipts for the
tame, payable:
10 per cent on application. 20 per cent in three months thereafter.
10 per cent ln one month thereafter. 20 per cent ln four months thereafter.
20 per cent ln two months thereafter. 20 per cent in five months thereafter.
Installments may be paid In advance, under discount at the rate of 5 per cent per annum for the unexpired
time.Last Monday night Darina Parlor had
Us usual monthly at home after the elec
tion of officers for the ensuing term.
There were present a large proportion
of the members to take pan In the choice
Golden State Parlor at its last held
meeting received Miss Agnes Stecher,
MI3S Pauline Buhr and Miss Annie Stur
ken into membership by initiation. The
entertainment committee of this parlor
Is arranging for an entertainment and
dance to be given during, the current
month. x
Native Daughters.
The lodge of sorrow held by Stockton
Lodge in the Yosemite Theater, which for
the occasion was tastefully and appro
priately decorated, was a most impressive
ceremony, that was listened to by as
many as could obtain an opportunity to
be within the walls of the building. It was
a most striking illustration of the sacred
ness with which the members of this or
der reverence those who have passed
away. The mourned ones of the year
were: Charles "W. Dohrmann. James A.
Morrlsey, George C. Clark, J. D. McDou
gald. Ben F. Louis. M. H. KIngsbury. J.
W. Herkner and Thomas Cunningham.
There was choice music, an able eulogy
by Otto Grunsky and an eloquent address
by Senator C. M. Belshaw of Contra Cos
ta.
Brother Haauette of St. Louis has lo
cated permanently In this city. He Is a
visitor to No. 3 and he has been voted a
good fellow.
The membership of Vallejo Lodge at
tended the memorial service In this city
in a body. Among the members was Col
onel Harrington, in command of tho
Marine Corps at Mare Island. He Is a
Chicago Elk and an enthusiastic one.
southland has not Been heard from of
late.
of those who for the next term shall
control the destinies of the parlor ot
beautiful girls of the Western Addition.
After the close of the parlor there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall,
which was prettily decorated with the
colors of the order and evergreens. The
collation offered having been disposed of,
there were addresses by Miss Laura J.
Frakes, the grand secretary, who was a
visitor, and by the offlcers-elect. besides
vocal selections by several of the young
ladies who have charming voices. In ad
dition those present were entertained with
a. phonograph loaned by William Labe.
The masquerade ball given by La Es
trella Parlor on the night of the 5th inst.
in Native Sons' Hall was attended by sev
eral hundred people, who had a glorious
time, as all do at the social functions
of thia parlor. There wer© many pretty
costumes and a good programme of
dances. The committee on awards, of
which L&erance Vincent was chairman,
awarded Mra. L. Thlerbach the prize for
the handsomest costume; Mrs. Alice Bol
demann the- prize for the beat sustained,
character, and Miss J. Selling the prize
for the most original character. The
prizes to gentlemen were C. B. Coffln, tha
handsomest character, Oscar Boldemann
the best sustained and J. Hoffman tho
most original.
Las Lomas Parlor has completed all lta
arrangements for the holly berry party
to be given In Mission Parlor Hall on next
Wednesday night. The "us girls" com
mittee has arranged a splendid pro
gramme for that evening.
Grand President Mrs. Gett has ar
ranged to visit local parlors on the fol
lowing dates: December 10, Las Lomas;
llth. La Vespero; 13th. Buena Vista, and
the 20th. Yosemlte.
The foundation, has been laid for th«
organization of new parlors— one at Saw
yers Bar. SIsklyou County, and one at
Santa Barbara.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3 la makln?
great preparations for the session of the
Grand Lodge to be held in this city in
1902. This lodge I heads the subscription
with $10,000. The work of the memorial
committee made a great success of the
lodge of sorrow. The grand secretary of
one of the organizations of this State,
who never before has witnessed -an Klk
memorial service, gald: "It was sad, but
it was one of the grandest . services tha:
could be devised and reflects the highest
credit on the order." The committee that
Is seeking a locale for new lodgerooms
will make its report at the last meeting
this m6nth. Judge-elect Percy V. Long
has just returned from Lake Tahoo,
where he was recuperating after the labor
of being elected a Justice of the Peace.
Brother Campbell of Denver. Colo., visit
ed this lodge at its last held meeting and
reported that the Elks are doing weir In
his territory. . Six candidates were Ini
tiated at that meeting and fourteen appli
cations were received. :
On November 27 San Jose Lodge ini
tiated six candidates, increaainsr the
membership to -217. Five applications were
presented. Pretty good for a lodge ono
year old. - . . •. "
The charter for a new. lodge at Santa
Rosa will soon close. The lodge will
probably be instituted' next « February.
The petition for a charter for a lodge In
Eureka is now In the ¦ hajids of Deputy
Gray. It already has on it the names of
sixty-five ¦ residents of that place. 'It 1«
expected that the' lodge will be instituted
In January next. This deputy expects to
exceed his record of the previous year.
He has already laid the foundation for
eUfrtJ.Q<jKSL & Nortliem^piriifogija^ • Xto
The Elks.
Last Thursday night that very live and
energetic grove Olympia of this city con
ferred the second and third degrees on
twelve candidates, after which Supreme
Herald Martinoni, on behalf of the grove,
presented to Past Noble Arch A. M. Arm
strong a beautiful emblematic gold and
diamond-set watch charm. Then followed
presentations to Frank J. Lang, J. A.
Bowers and J.'J. Noonan of emblematic
gold badges. | These, presentations were in
recognition of the services of the parties
named in building up the grove, which
was started less than a year ago with less
than twenty members. It "has now more
than eighty, owns Its own hall and is do
ing well financially and fraternally.
Grand Marshal Guglielmonl, assisted by
members of Washington and American
Groves, Instituted Loleta Grove at Lole
ta, Humboldt County, on the 22d of No
vember. •
Noble Grand Arch Lange, Grand Secre
tary Graves and S. Cassafisa of Cumber
land Grove paid a visit to Fortuna Grove,
on which occasion the work was "exempli
fied by the election and initiation of two
strangers. The . work, which was well
done, was favorably commented upon by
the visitors, who, as well as members of
the grove, delivered addresses. Then fol
lowed a banquet, at which 1 Dr. Pache pre
sided as toastmastcr, and a good one he
made. The visitors are very eulogistic In
speaking of the fine reception they re
ceived.
Aurora Grove conferred the second de
gree on six candidates at Its last held
meeting. x
The Past Arches' Association will pay
a fraternal visit to Gallileo Grove on the
ISth inst.
Noble Grand Arch Lange, Supreme Her
ald Martinoni and Grand Secretary
Graves visited Suiter Creek last week,
where they instituted Sutter Creek Grove
No. 126, which Is to work in the Italian
language. Supreme Herald Martinoni,
who is perfectly at home in the Italian
language, acted as noble grand arch. The
members of the grove In Jackson were
present with the paraphernalia and the
officers conferred the third degree in a
manner that would have opened the eyes
of some of the San Francisco teams.
Past Arch S. Canpanella of that grove
acted as noble arch and was assisted by
Dr. Lonlgo, A. Cinelar, G. .Favllla and
thirty members of the grove. The new
grove has a membership of forty.
The Druids.
patron; Barbara Sommer, honored asso
ciate matron; Josephine Leach, honored
treasurer; Ada Starrett, honored- secre
tary; Ida B. Spence, honored conductress,
and A. Irene Simpson, honored associate
conductress. This court, under the direc
tion of Mrs. Jennie Abbott Graves as
royal matron, has during the year which
Is about closing advanced In membership
and importance.
The hall cf King Solomon Chapter. In
the Franklin building on Flllmore street
was most beautifully decorated last
Wednesday night on the occasion of the
installation of the officers by the retiring
matron, Mrs. A. M. Blade, assisted by
Mrs. Jane Dawsoa as marshal and J. H.
Gray as chaplain. Tho installation cere
mony was marked for the perfectness of
the memorized work by Mrs. Blade, whose
intonation and delivery without hesitancy
added much to tho beauty of the cere
mony and created a most favorable im
pression on the audience that crowded the
hall. The five ladies who were appointed
to the points ¦were all attired in gowns
after the Watteau pattern of light cream
foulard, wllh satin ribbons of the color
of the point at the front of the yoke, a
bow of like color at the shoulder, a small
bow in the hair and a satin belt. The ef
fect was extremely pleasing. The new
officers are: Anette Wood, matron; Harry
Baehr, patron; Llnea Lincoln Baehr, as
sociate matron; Alma Elizabeth Bottom
ley, secretary; Virginia Isabel Bottomley,
treasurer; Sophie Athearn, conductress;
Fannie M. Franklin, associate conduct
ress; Miriam Morris, Adah; Charlotte
Gladys, Ruth; Ann Warren, Esther; Mae
Frank O'Keefe, Martha; Emily Lake,
Electa; Mary E. Keating, warder; Mary
Hammond Lewis, sentinel: Jane Dawson,
marshal, and Beitha Ann Hobro, organist
After the ceremony, during which tha
principal musical selections were rendered
by J. F. Fleming. Ben Tarbox, Mrs. Dot
Mortimer, Clara Atkins and Florence Per
kins, Past Grand Patron Darling, on be
half of the chapter, presented to the re
tiring matron a beautiful diamond set star
emblematic of her rank in the order.
Grand Secretary Mrs. Willats presented
The Eastern Star.
Alcatrar Parlor. N. S. G. W.— E. W. Regens
berger, president; G. M. Anderson, first vice
president: William Ryan, second vice president;
NV A. Hawkins, third vice president; W. P. Gl
ovanlnl, marshal; C. F. Fltipimmons, recording
secretary; Harry T. Ansbron, financial secre
tary; W. Wolf, treasurer; Gus Cohn, J. O,
Staples and F. J. Onetl, trustees; Drs. C. F.
Mortis and A. K. Happeraberger, surgeons; W*.
A. Macdevltt, organist.
Montezuma Tribe, Improved Order of Red
lien— W. K. Dell, sachem; \V. II. Kline, senior
sagamore; L. K. Klein Jr., Junior sagamore;
George II. Cabanlss, prophet; W. H. McLaugh
lin, trustee, and Dr. M. B. Ryan, physician.
C. Stone. Jennie L. Haughton and Mary R.
Thompson, delegates and alternates to the de
partment encampment. The officers will be In-
Stalled January 3.
San Francisco Temple of the Rathbone Sit
ters. K. O. P.— Drusa D. Robertson, M. E. C. ;
Annie C. Terry. E. S. ; Etta E. Welch. E. J. ;
Clara Tupka, M. of T. ; Margaret Cnaulpek.
M. of It. and C. ; C. Balsch, M. of F. : E. B.
Dwight, P.; Elizabeth Kull, G. of T.; Mis3
Mae Dunn, P. C.
On the evening of tho 17th inst. the fol
lowing named newly elected officers and
those who are to be appointed for Cres
cent Court No. 3 of the Order of, the
Amaranth will be installed: Mary G.
Dunn, royal matron; C. F. Simmer, royal
Order of the Amaranth.
On Thursday night the officers of Golden
Gate Chapter were installed In the asylum
on Sutler street in the presence only of
members of the order and of friends of
the members of the chapter. There were
&bout two hundred In the audience. Tho
hall was tastefully decorated with ever
greens, and above the station of the pre
siding otticers in the east a star in the.nve
colors of the order blazed brilliantly,
l'lcrln I* Jones, the retiring patron, was
the Installing officer, assisted by Franc
Henly Morgan as marshal. In that capa
city that lady has won the admiration of
all who on various occasions have seen
her discharge the duties of i.he office for
the perfectness of her worit, her elegant
carnage and dramatic efTect. Prior to the
Installation Past Grand Patron Darling,
on behalf of Harry Ascroft and his
mother, both members of Ivy Chapter,
presented to Golden Gate live white enam
eled chairs for the use of the five points.
Each has upon it a white silk bow with
the words "Presented to Golden Gate
Chapter." The music incidental to the
ceremony was by the Knickerbocker quar
tet, these slnger3 also rendering the solos
and duets. The following are the officers
who were installed: Maude \V. Terwilli
ger, worthy matron; John J. Mitchell,
worthy patron: M. Frances Fahrenholts.
associate matron; Mary A. Hawley: secre
tary; Lettle Pease, treasurer: Frances P.
Tower, conductress; Florence A. Temple,
associate conductress; William S. Moses,
chaplain; Susan M. Willats, marshal: Nel
lie A. Darling, organist: Ada A. Starrett,
warder; Mary H. Lewis, sentinel; Ade
laide Llnnie, Adah; Daisy Pabst, Ruth;
Annie Fer3on, Esther; Margaret Camercn,
Martha; Janie B. Charleston, EloctA.
Grand Secretary Mrs. Willats presented
the jewel to the retiring matron. Miss
Bradley, and Past Grand Patron I>arUng
the jewel to retiring Patron Jones. After
the ceremonies there was dancing till mid
night.
California Chapter has presented to Mrs.
Nellie A. Darling, past grand organist, a
case containing a dozen silver coffee
spoons In recognition of her services as
organist and vocalist to the chapter.
Last Tuesday the grand patron installed
the officers of the chapter in San Jose,
end Saturday those of the chapter at
Crockett.
to A. M. Blade, the retiring patron, an
appropriately engraved matchbox, and
then Mrs. Blade presented an emblematic
pin to Miss Florence Perkins, who during
the year volunteered the music at initia
tions in the chapter. A social hour fol
lowed the presentations.
Lincoln Rell«f Corps. G. . A. R.— Josephine
Robinson, president; Laura A. Hureh, senior
vice president: Mary Dunphy. Junior Tlca
president: Mary E. Ferguson, treasurer: Cath
rlne Barnstead. chaplain; Emma B. Leeds, con
ductor; Cora L. Green, guard: Laura. A.
Hursh. Cathrine Barnstead, Orac« R. Mastel
kr, Kat« E. Gales, Janett Thuxston, Jeaala
Array and Navy Parlor, N. S. G. W.— Frank
S. Drady. president; Herbert M. Brace, first
vice president; Edward D. Crowley, second
vice president; Harry L, Dletrlck, third vlca
president; Joseph Ledden, marshal: Richard
J. Cline, financial secretary; J. Luclen Foley,
recording secretary; Leonard B. Simon, treas
urer; Drs. Theo H. Rethers and Charles Me-
Gettlgan. surgeons; Arthur Lundberg, organ
ist, and .Thomas A. Kerrigan, trustee.
Keystone Lodge, Knights of Honor— John Fo
l«-y, dictator: J. W. Cramer, vice . dictator;
George W. Maguire, assistant dictator; Fred
Raisch, rcpo' ter J Numar Rose, financial re
porter: F. A. Jennings, treasurer: E. F. Joy.
chaplain; A. Olsen. guide; Charles W. Maguire,
guardian; E. Wellbie, sentinel; E. F. Joy, J.
W. Cramer and Charles \V. Maguire. trustees.
Union Lodge. Knights of Honor: Thomas L.
Tomllson. dictator; D. M. Fhort. vice dictator;
T. A. Kle'.sen, assistant dictator; Charles G.
Schafer, reporter; George J. Vincent, financial
reporter: M. J. Kelly, chaplain; J. T. Boutn.
guardian: C. S. Nutting, sentinel: George Wal
dom. D. M. Short and T. Nielsen, trustees.
George G. Meade Corps, Ladles of the G. A.
It. — Annie Page, president; Mrs. Grundy,
Benlor vice president; Annie Hoffrichter. junior
vice president: Mrs. Mary Sweet, treasurer;
Annie Wood, conductor; Mary Ann Boell, chap
lain: Mm. Catherine Shatman, guard.
Galden Weft Hive, Ladles of the Maccabees—
L411ian II. Rir.ner, lady commander: Minnie E.
Ix>os. lieutenant commander; Camllle M. Conk
lin, reccrd keeper: Jessie M. Constant, finance
keener; Mary T. Devlm?. sergeant; Aggie Heb
rank, chaplain; Anna K. Nascen, mistress at
arms; Hannah Rodgers, sentinel; Ella D. Cox.
picket.
George G. Mtadc Post, G. A. R.— John Mur
phy, post commander; \V. H. Freeland, senior
vice; Thomas Mathews, Junior vice; W. F.
liowe, quartermaster: Barton Wllmarth. chap
lain; Joseph Washington, surgeon; William
Anderson, officer of the day; Samuel W.
Kiioules. officer of the guard: delegates to de-
I<artment encampment. W. V.'. Freeland and
Robert Dewey: alternates, Joseph' Washington
and Thomas Mathewa. The officers will be in
etollet) at the first meeting In January.
Court Yerba Buena, Independent Order of
Forestens— H. K. Hoffman, chief ranker; E.
Staeic. vice chief: L. Fitzgerald, recording sec
retary; W. I. Avety. financial secretary; Emll
Petroska. treasurer; Jf. W. Cutbertson. organ
ist; £1 H. CunniDxhazn, senior woodward: It.
W. Yolkman, Junior woodward; J. E. Bren
nar.. senior beadle; M. Atchlson, Junior beadle;
Dr. Rlnne. court physician; W. H. A. Schnoor,
court deputy; E. L. Maltsby, Ben I. Solomon
and R. VoUman. trustees.
LiOyal Circle. Companions of the Forest — Mrs.
E. Baylie, chief companion; Mr?. Kingston,
eub chief; Mrs. Anjiie Croal, treasurer; Mrs.
Drudel. financial secretary; Mrs. Annie Lemme,
recording secretary; Mrs. Garrett and Mrs.
Milne, guides; Mrs. Baker and Miss Bell Ku
ton. guards: X>r. A. B. McGill. physician; Mrs.
I*riuhard, Mrs. Morsy and Mrs. Zimmennan,
trustees.
Bonita Circle, Companions of the Forest of
America— Miss Emma Jones, chief companion;
Miss Ma«cle We-lch, eub chief; George Han
sels, treasurer; Mips Mamie Bally, financial
uecretary: Mrs. Alvlna Schuler, recording sec
retary; Miss Lena Pfluger and Mrs. M. Mur
phy, gulden; MIjb May Gaffney and Miss Lil
lian McCurdy, puards; Mrs. Br'dges, Miss Nel
lie Fleminz and MIsh Kittle Kerrigan, trun
tees: Mrs. Aggie Reck, organist; Dr. Knopf,
phyElcian.
guards: Mrs. Isro, organist; Mrs. M. Farrell,
treasurer; Dr. A. P. Woodward, physician.
Will Soon Be Installed to the Posi
tions of Honor and Responsibil
ity to Which They Were
Chosen.
•
During the last week officers have been
elected in fraternal associations of this
cily as follows:
raffle Tarlor. Native 6or.« of the GoMm
tvest—Joba F. Cannon, president; Paul Shcx-n
¦wald. Holand Koche and Alexander Williams,
vice presidents; I>anlel Deasy. marshal; John
C Miller. reconJlns secretary: Frank It. Nev
i.le. nnanci&i secretary; Charles Quast. trustee;
I)rs. T. \V. B. Lelaii-i. K. Kottapzl. H. \V.
Hur.sacker. William Hooper and T. U. Roche,
Goldrn \Vef=t Test, KniphU Of the Maccabees
— ' ¦ H Oassen. r ast commander; J. C. OflMn
£--r. commander; G. C. Fret-man, record-keeper;
0 I,. Morgan, Snanoe-keeper: H. A. Graves,
ohar-ialn: L. A. Case, sergeant; Allen Strong.'
master et urmt; James Vi<3>. hr*t maftfr of the
puard; \\ tlHam fc-chv.-e'.zer. second master of
the puard; C. A. Gamble, nentlnel: J. A. Dinz
l-_r, plckft; N. a. Patton, musician, and Henry
I-rnest, prei-erty man.
Amity IU-bekah L..k3?'». I. O. O. F.— Ida Allen.
iv"ib!e frrand: Ilattle Hudson, vice prand; Sarah
» .ir.rr.pson. rtcordinsr secretary: Julia Glbbs,
financial and Carrie Andrews, treas
urer.
Fidelity Lodpe, I. O. O. F.— m K. Welchart.
ncMe grand; C. F. PhilMps. vlre fr=.nd: Charles
L. Zelgler. recording secretary: K. \V. Schra
'ier. financial se-cretarv, and Chris Toft, treas
urer.
California l^ndee No. 1, I. O. O. F.— O. W.
Pahlson. n^lle crand; C. E. Howard, vie*
pr&rui; \V. Smith, recording secretary ; Rffofrt
Oov«, financial fcecretary, and C. E. Benedict,
trraiurer.
Templar Lo<5 E e. I. O. O. F.— William Grif
fith, noble Krand; Fred VT. Stowell, vice grand;
<*. F. O"Ne!l. financial secretary; J. M. Mc
<jueea. recen!ir.g secretary, and D. A. Havens,
treasurer.
Golden Gate Encampment, I. O. O. F.— F. L.
Turptn, ciilef ritria-rcfc: S. 3. Heward. hiph
rriest; W. 1\ Humphreys, senior warden; F.
K. Hlfgir.i, Junior v.arden; H. C. Georfie,
Bcrib#, ar.d C. E. Benedict, treasurer.
LcyaJ Rerokah L^ge, I. O. O. F.— Mrs. Fan
nie J. Daniels, noble grand; Jennie Wright.
vice grand: Klla R. Bourne, recording secre
tary; Tessle fchmidt, financial secretarj'. and
Mr*. L.. Potter, treaeurer.
.Vi??ion Lodce. F. and A. M— C. F. Libbey,
rraftor; W. C. Ord way. senior warden: n. W.
Tiicher. Junlcr warden; Andrew Chrirtasen.
trr-asurer. cj^d Georjre D. Flack, secretary.
Kir.e Sdcmor. Lod^e. F. and A. M.— .Samuel
MrKelvey. master; Robert I). Hartley, senior
v.urder. ; W. P. Filrr.er. Junior warden; B. F.
.''•:::fon, Wniimr: Harry Baehr, secretary (re
<-leote<i rlr.tli term).
V»!!ey Ixxipe, A. O. t T . W.— E. F. Joy, master
workman; I>r. V. \V. Karris, foreman; J. W.
?»IU!er, tverseer: C. Embrirp. puifii?; Joseph C.
TUden. ir.sile watchman: o. Erlckson, outside
v.atchtr.an: J. C. Pharp. trustee.
I*ast Masters" Association. A. O. V. TV".—
Major M. J. )'.lacknian, president; Captain It.
H. MoPhrrson. \i<*e president: F. J. Masulie.
Tfrr-r'Mr.rr secretary: E. A. Smith, financial seo
rftary; PetT Abrahamson. treasurer: J. H.
J •art..n. ser-jeant at aras, and R. H. Ohea,
v. Ptchrr.ar..
Oriental Iy-..'.jre. F. »r,d A. M.— James Law
r« <** Hwta, mnbiytal master; Robert Head
Mnrrow. senior warden: William Gilchrlst.
tmter wieni Ge-ortje Howard Thompson. P.
I.!.. »T3Kurcr: Adolphua F. Hubbard. eecretarj-.
CaUfornla Parlor No. 1. N. S. G. W.— John
F. Llncftan. president; W. E. Rowland, flirt
vi'-e prf si-lent: K. M}-ron Wolf. Eecond vice
rr-si-U-r.i; <'harles M. Janes, third vice presl
<1t~r,t: < >. L. P.lackman. recording secretarj"
n. F. Hir.k.n. r.nanctai Bpcretary: H. F. Per
ruin, tnasurer: Theodore H. Farhes, marshal;
1>:« J. M. Hrineman, Thomas Conrad. H. H.
Htrrir.srton. F. It. AreUa. L. II. Hoffman, D.
j •. I-UK-.ig. F. C. Newton and B. F. Clarke,
RUKOn; Hueene Gauthier Jr.. trustee; John
F. Hitcbell, ••oiler: or: E. A. Jaujau, or»ranl»t.
I'rpcita Parlor, N. S. G. W.— E. D. Sullivan,
rr-y:<ier.t: W. C. Miller, flrst vice president;
I.. H. Merer, secon I vice president; J. P.
«~urtf. third vice rr?sfdent: C. F. Smith, mar
rl.itl: J. M. ITfrkey. recording s-cntary; T>. J.
"" .- ".. finan^la! se'-rctarj-; J. C. Ohlandt, J.
J Hanlry e:ii H. fpr.uldinp, trurtecs.
Parina Parlor. N\ I>. G. W.—Genertem Car
r<!i. p:>f-;.1< :.;; Liili* Homilton. first vice pres
|i>nt: <-Hth*rin- McGough. second vice pres
•r.-: E£ttfi IJrown. third \-lce preFldent; Lucl- '
K.-immersraith. recrdinr secretary; Mra. Il"
i-y. BaasciSl F-cre*.an': LHa ('arroll. mar
al: T'a Kupl°r, ir.?He Mntlad: Etta I^acorte,
silf sentinel; Mr«. Marke. treasurer: EHr.a
1 -h Ti"tji>n. crjrsnlst: Mrs. Emma Mark. lira.
:¦• H. Barry, MIks Susie Stadttger. trustees.
uri r.or.ita. Fcr.vtiT*. of America— M. Pan
¦r. chief ranRer: W:i;i.im Bulinger. sub-chief;
V. f'everance. trs3«ur«.r; I. P. Bebar.. finan
;: meerttmm J- L Goetz. recording secretary; I
>. J. n-^iaii. senior woodward: F. Fulton, i
::nior woodward; J. FoKarty, s-nior beadle- j
n*l!!!ua Pn.:th. Junior btadle; E. Feitelberg,
trustee; T>r. G. W. Card, court physician.
Court B-Tilta, F. of A.— John O'Calla»rhan.
i Mef ranker: E. A. Springer. eub-<hief : George
treasurer: r>. O - CaJlaKhan, financial
!¦<•-<¦ rotary; V.'llllam Bell, recording secretary;
<'h:tr'ee \Vl!?on, Kr.lor woodward; Oscar ISul
llneer. Juiior woodward; Miles McHaffln.
s»ninr beadle: John Carey. Junior beadle: J.
A. r»ove. trustee: Dr. Hutrh I^agan. physician;
Fred BuY-.iinir. captain of the guard; John
IXur.aa, orcanlst.
Cnurt Columbia. F. cf A.— Edward Herrlnser, |
rhlef rancer; Jarnr« sub-chief: F. L. |
Cr«k. treasurer; Jowph Goodman, financial I
mecretmxyi Frederiok ?4aloney. recording sec- j
T»tar>-; Kdward Illerlns and F. C. JCoIan '
woodwards; Thomas Tvlly and Mace N'aba,
Ixadl^s; T. McN"PF!y, truetw; B. J. ColIir.R,
captain cf the *ruar.1; W. C. Haasler. phrsician.
Court Eucleiaji. F. of A.— Thomas M(-Cann,
chief ranfrer: P. Meckay, rub-chief: W. Schep- |
pier, treasurer; I*. G. Hapenkamp, financial
fcretary: B. P. Flr^l. recording secretary; J.
0. Gttschalk tnd D. Eteedman. woodwards;
J. Storey and J. DecUer, beadles; Dr. F. F.
Knorp. phyric-ian.
Court EcJIum. F. of A.— C. A, Anderson, chief
rasper: P. Troy. Bub-c'.iief; S. J. Olson, treas
urer; I. C Goodwin, financial secretary: J. F.
Mltfhfll. recording secretary; U. J. Walsh and
V. Hanson, woodwards; T. E. Elliott and J
T- Mathfon. beadles; IL aietzler. E. U. j
KJ chars ax a Fehleve. trustees; Dr. J. J. Me-
Kxvj, pbTstctaa. i
Court Junior Pride of California, F. of A.—
A. Goo^frl^nd. chief ranker ; II. Frahm. gub
<"!.ief; J. Levj-, trmsurer; I. O. Kasser. flnan
<~:aJ eerretary; J. O. Day. recording secretary-
T, J. Ghiselli and L. Rey, archen; M Ltrh
ter.<«te!n arid S. Phillips, beadles; F. Mahl
ttwSt and S. Lub'.ner, trastees; Dr. A. S. Nuss
t«i:m, xtiy*\c\aa.
I^ire Oak Circle, Companions of th* Forest of
America — Mr«. Ii. Harris, chief ootnj>anlon- '
Mrs. M. iraleted. nib chief: Nat llothman, :
financial escretary; E. J. JC. Stelnwcjr, record- '
lr< eecretarr: Mrs. F. Pyborn. rlpht »rulde:
Mrs. Tl F.iencer, left pilde; Mrs. M. Marco
end Vtn. Mary Bamueis. Inside and outside
Will Rule for tho Ensuing
Term .Under' the Laws
and Rules.
FRATERNAL ORDERS
ELECT OFFICERS
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900.
21
ADVEBTISETffTTNTS.
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
t" "We answer the ques- Qtt* i<~+i i t-n
tions briefly. If you
cut an artery ln In 15 days, without pain, injury or incon-
your arm you do venience. The bougies are Inserted at
not take Internal nl«ht and act while you sleep. "Gran-
medlcine to stop the Solvent" removes every symptom of
How of blood. YOU stricture, leaving the canal u healthy
k SE l££6h « AP " a * when na » ur e formed it. NO BRUTAL.
PLICATIONS. Sim- CUTTING OR DILATING. NO INJEO-
Uiarly when th© ure- TION3 TO IRRITATE THE MEM-
thral ducts become BRAKE. NO INTERNAL DRL'GCINO
weakened and re- TO RUIN THE STOMACH. The St.
axed it Is rldicu- James treatment U local, direct and posi-
. loua to take internal tlve.
treatment, which must pass through the \/*» pi^Arala
stomach and urtne before It reaches the » driCHCClC.
seat of disease. The seminal ducts project Varlcocele Is an accumulation of slus-
caltpeatmVvt Th/qf^inm^H" I™ f olely , *? circulation, and
L.AL. IKbAfMh.NT. The St. James treat- has Its origin In a diae&aed a.nrt tnrrttrl
ment Is prepared In the form of crayons. Prostate Gland. oVra^u". In tMs li-
very narrow, smooth. Hexlble and wholly e a ,e are only temporary? and no nie-
n n Mnl e ;^ IC n. ff R h r f in J!^ d th « wa , ter chanlcal device yet discovered has cured
fi p " sa 5? " u n ? ht ' w £, erC .i thcy , tfssojvo a single case. Gran-Solvent heals th«
¦"5wi«h finml fhi^ on n ltS ful1 f r ostate and resterts healthy circulation,
strength upon the Varlcocele disappears and the sluggish
Prostate Q land , red" bioodV on l3 replaced by pure - »•»***.
vn^vUi? o^T?D r ,x n^ tl l en l np the durts ' w - 846 men strictured. weak, wasting and
S?n« «nA «.,rJP«?wf,nP»h raln M and ? mls - were cured and restored by
Dr rf rfSS ? -Hr-in £ e i pat 'f. nl 8l « «P«- St. James method last year. A vast
BmfirfeJ PwiM Amnurl *?~ V" 1 a » olu6le army . of men In whom the light or lif»
SJJJfli .^iVh^l ' sosc and forever has penetrated the fearful nlghtmart or
remove urethral , stricture and lemlnal decay. /
Every Man Should Know Himself.
- space "win not a complete description oi tne mcomyar- g^^^ rm . .__
able St. James treatment In urethral diseases. Every suEerer §•¦ Era !^
from Stricture and its offspring. Prostatitls and Seminal Weakness. K 1 1 R a
should write to the St. Juies Association. Bos 814. Cincinnati, R3 yggl SB HP
Ohio, for their wonderful Illustrated work showing *b» part* or tie O FT |f y a
bumin syiten Involved in urethral allmeata. wJil^H tiieywlll send eecurely g ad m ¦_
wrapped la plain package, prepaid •>
HOWIE TPEATMFNT cats be usitd bt thh patiext as nfi
St. James Assn., S50 Elm 6t,, Cincinnati, Q,
A WINNING BOY.
Earns Els Medals by the Use of Good
Food.
A Vicksburg:. Mis?., boy. J. B. Smith,
corner Grove and Third streets. . says: "I
have been studying very hard to try and
boat niy room in examination. I have
l-.r-on oatmeal and cream for break-
fast ell my life. Lately when the hard
Ftudy beg.in I d'd not feel well enough
to co to Behoof and there was* an examin-
ation &hea«1 of m* and an exhibition, too.
"I was determined to po through this
<--xnni5nation, but fc!t so sick all the time
that I dMn't know how to accomplish it.
TVeH, mother saw the Grape-ICuta food
advertised, so Fhe bought some and gave
jt to me for breakfast every morning,
and you ju5t ought to see what this food
c.i4 tor me.
"I br^an To pet well at once and grow
hearty and fat, in rplte of my hard work.
Above all that I did beat my room at ex-
amination, making a grner?.! average that
t< ,-if- •'he hi??he«t mark in the room. I am
a'so able to take part at the military drill
to-morrow night at the exhibition and will
try for The eclcl medal, fcr een*>ral excel-
lence. If you think there is any Question
ab'iut this you can write to Brother Gar-
nr!al, our principal, end he will tell tou
that It la true." ,
It Is of th» greatest Importance that
I'd rents feo«i their growins children dur-
ing stutfy en the most nourishing food
;i;;.<--!b!e to obtain, and there is no ques-
tion on this score regarding Grape-Nuts.
f'->r the food Is compounded of the ele-
ments Etlccted from the grains which go
to quickly make and rebuild the brain
and nerve centers. Any parent can prove
tr.!s statement by feeding the children ou
Grepe-Nuts. Obtained from any flrst-
clais sr&cer, _ t
GRAPE-NTJTS.
My advice to any woman who won't
take anybody's word and who wants to
find out for herself is to write to Mrs.
Pinkham for evidence that these letters
are genuine. I can answer a few such
letters myself if addressed care of this
paper. HELEN MARVIN.
My Investigation along this line has
proved very entertaining to me, and I
hope the truth about these things will
prove interesting to others, for there
are a grreat many who still think there
is something not quite correct about
these women's letters. ,
I used to laugh about these letters of
¦women, but since I have gone carefully
Into the matter I feel rather solemn
about it, for going among these women
has convinced me beyond a doubt that
Mrs. Pinkham is doing women a great
deal of good . with her remedies, and
while I cannot go into the details of
personal experience that the women can
¦who have been cured, I have lost no op-
portunity to recommend the medicine
to women I know who needed Just this
kind of help.
Each one of the women told me that
she had written voluntarily to Mrs.
Pinkham and had given permission of
her own free will to print her letter,
and that there was nothing within her
power she would not do to convince
women that Mrs. Pinkham's Medicine
would help their sickness.
It certainly is refreshing to find a
sentiment like this in this sordid world
•where everybody's motives are ques-
tioned, and I am frank to say that fully
as I believe in the worth of Mrs. Pink-
ham's remedies I would never have
thought these women whose letters are
printed were having it done solely to
do good.
Naturally these women are enthusi-
astic, and I made up my mind that a
i perfectly well woman who has never
j been seriously ill with any female
| trouble couldn't possibly realize how
! deep is the gratitude of the ones wjiq
j have been through all kinds of misery
J and finally were cured. Why these wo-
men would go miles any day to tell any
sick woman how they were helped.
There's no immodesty whatever in the
story to them. They are doing what
they do and are enthusiastic about It
j wholly because they want to help other
! women.
1 In every case the woman I called
¦ upon was perfectly respectable and
j modest, and after I had received an-
i swers to the letters I had sent out and
: made some investigation of the women
' to whom I wrote, 1 was no longer in
j doubt as to their motives for going
I publicly upon record as Indorsing and
; recommending Mrs. Pinkham's Medl-
j cine. Why every one of these women
I looks upon Mrs. Pinkham as the most
| sympathetic woman in the world and
! upon Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
i Compound as the most remarkable
¦ medicine ever, compounded. Several of
| them stated plainly to me that they
knew Mrs. Pinkham's Medicine had
I saved their lives, because they had
1 dor.e everything they could, had been
• to the best physicians and were Just
ready to give up when they tried Mrs.
I Pinkham.
I read these advertisements right
along for a year or two to see what
singular details women would write
about themselves, and I concluded it
was not possible that real nice women
would state puch things publicly, so I
started" on an investigation on my own
account. I don't know Just what I ex-
pected to rind; indeed I didn't have any
j definite idea about it. I simply wanted
I to know what the secret was and all
! about it. I selected Mrs. Pinkham's
I Medicine because of the enthusiastic
: letters of the women, and after taking
| down the addresses and names of wo-'
i men to the number of twenty, I wrote
\ to the ones far away and called on
I seven which were within the radius
! where I traveled. The result of my ln-
I vestipation surprised me a good deal,
I and would surprise any one who is
| skeptical about the authenticity of
I these letters from women.
It used to eeem a very curious thing
to me. and I suppose it seems Just as
singular to thousands of other people,
that women will write letters to be
printed in newspapers telling how they
were cured of Illness by Mrs. Pinkham's
Medicine.
Letters Written by Women.
What She Found Out, and Why
Women Write Such Details of
Their Private Troubles.
Helen .Marvin Investigates the
STORIES ABOUT CURES.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ ,
I /Tome, cf/' ou/^7t!a): WN MiY TALKS
I Jo/* tfie j , 0F il C1ML
9 J@J¥€JMjf$jf^% / jt'fVJdjrJfo 'I !WJ and Costa Rica in
I &f &g%£Gf. I <^ *"*^ 4«|j of the Hay
m Some Astonishing Great Bargains in hosiery. ,^^_ CSS sJ \ J3&&Y-
1 „ , . ' _ ° TT 1 1 • . You wouldn't be ln- Jfr WRN j <rf3sr Vh >«g&f J\ ®*^T*
W I/O in oo ir» fliiw' v I InnPPQKlPTC ' vited to share in these 'l®k^»v|sSl i &^Jr\\\ SSr^t X ' ' "? — 1*r*
vSi do YOU VFED OR wtqm a^t t-v- ciealpr saw fit to lose ,6* m H{ /Hsj! I- at I L-J52-—. "S v" €Stf r^ ii '^ii n oz ¦* n9
m wrapper and vvaisi oMt ri n a h^^^ g ua g
i BeDartment. r h ?^rtnaH^ h^ & 3^
1^ *- r *-'l-'"'* ""^ " *" . von EXAM- vian cotton; double X ff^kSa^l^^ "" J*i? X —
|>IH -. T , -p. r n o > irn ,n V\ v* T atih"'? 1 licfl-' 5 and toes; full vL ¦¦ - jdlbr -I o* r?v
W* » mSct^ 1 ure C d effects! P rull°fro fl n't" £.jf\ 1 1 al 1 Sf^cloth; WarfTI Will t6T H0S8 i ' '^v 1 5 8 l!
m %WJi* fitted back, waist lined. 1 : M\\ hen we sa >' " ... **^ - jM^Jk » >b to 2Q =5 X States
P=€ J:v&r>%& flounced bottom and . V;' .', ,A \ best fast black" f/»r \hn \A/00 finOC • 8Sfeai*_^ $2T^dBLxk ' X Rl<-a
Wk MrM trimmed with fancy fQ%. K'&// w mean it to be lw« IHB USB Ulldb. » wimK^jfcJ V^B^^P^ >^f^
Mi GitMJ\ hr(li<i - An offer not to I? ;&£?(' J/\ the very best fast CHILDREN'S HOSK, made of veTT V jitf&Sbf " X^
PS Zt'lVsHiJ b « ' overlooked !)Sc ' L<V7,i\ black made, with latest quality cashmere; double heele. - S^& i *t"3&& V
WS //Vr^lXlr A LIMITED li>^>i /'/ ««ep flounce cord- toe» and knee^; Swiss ribbed: full w^^ft X
W& W'biX QTra-NrrrTrrv A-c- t » J<T%M^/ ed ,,v, and flnIshed length; very elastic; an excellent 50c! > msatS v
P3 UV*>^V^ QUANTITY OF LA- <^%0JC'A with- accordeon- hose, now selling for 25e > • ** BSir
m sleeve, flare cuff, colors red. blue and fu!l'len£«? not to 3oub L e / ol^? : w arra " l ed fast black; t
M eray green and lavender; just think $&&&£? be overfooked WOrth double the prlce we aak....29c ,
m actual value ?4 50. Our special. $li.OS —...... .f.J)8c L ... fttjt- '* - _- m«2t :. j.- _-¦ m_'
m n nmniU > „ ., . n r . Sale at OTarrell-street Entrance. It S tll3 Small ECQIlOinieS 111 Life " ' JH
- m iomeinng new in Our Corset no Matter how low the Prices That Count * M
i Department. Ws Quot9 « the Goods Are AI - here are some small but Thinking of Buying In Our Recent Purchase From a H
1 br^ST'i 00^™*."^ of best rh7lrt5e ? e n w a e n d M»7 lessand o^ItEWUV&^V^H at . pw^cO l *W Jobbing House We Se- §
ga brocaded jean, in the new French the ArtlCiG Well Made wrTnvts tt,o^« r.t K»=f ~,,»m , iTlflVfiS j i 1 t it n 1 1 . • M
1 ?teU h K SSifdSS'WS* S. $£s£E K " CHEN , ©f=-> >»«'™ °" ifBSi..l:&U q SS!g ' uioy» . mi a Lo , o{ m Galabiated H
1 CSU'S.'.'jgjrffisrS.iSS'jSS' S 0N c S h,c^ ad^.' (igfcii E fet D S,^?^S 1 H^f!SS??S Try Rosenberg's. Lisbon Combination Suitl S
blue and lavender. Our introduction ? am ,- good ,Ti l<it^; ex " ¦ 1*B»+*T', 5°. rd e las V^' fanc y buckles and - ?*.• \itJL. The LISBON are well known for *H
Ei Price S2.00 tra long, with strings; A^OlSX.. trimmed with good quality satin rib- mm We offer this sugges- their superior quality of materials and IS
m Sale at O'Farrell-street EntranTe for to-day and to-mor- AflltElf bon. Prices that attract the most /!S2=t=^ tlon with the certain £r f ect^fitting of the Tbody They htve B
oaie ai \j r arreu-street i-ntrance. row this special attrac- ItU 1 jTrTlY careful buyer 25c i/^^S conviction that our J>nVirreai advantajr* that nf 'ZiitiZ, FA
m T> • x "?." f *" atly r 5 d o£ ed JUKI CHILDREN'S SIDE HOSE SUP- YET^ stock Is absolutely com- ?»• "^ l^ad' O f^o°w^ «
Wi Hll'slPQt P 12%c %IA 1MU PORTERS, made of extra fine web- UfL^ plete " the front or over the shoulder. They 53
¥i "UOiCkJl innnuo gigifl \j£*L »>lnp and elastic, rubber grip cushion few * And that's not all. are made of extra fine Australian wool. HB
£a « »a tn , ,, MDHt ArHuNS . m^*~^^' button. Exceptional values for... 10c Prices are an additional high neck, long sleeves, ankle length. |M
Sill I TlPniQ Pftnanf ' T „ '„ " ' LADIES' BELT HOSE SUPPORT- attraction. neck crocheted and finished with silk EQ
|S OUlt 'UCUdl LIIIClll 60 dozen WHITE LAWN APRONS. ERS, made of good quality fancy limw p»ph- prnvw ma A~ «f tape; our most temptln» offer.. g»i.ss M
fS . „ . e ?L eX WMnr On^ En^ h lawn, frilled elastic, fahc? • buckles. STtiS v £$ D D f st Rufsian^ Elt^lr- "PaHg IN THIS LOT ALSO WAS: H
i in FriSCO SL^S^X^'S^ aj, u colorgand v sizeg o . Pw- Qf g
* X1 ¦*• * *«v»v. wonder for *>o« 2^ c the most durable glove on the mar- best Peruvian cotton, high neck, long L-4
Eftl *-— -» -w- ™,'* *~ « nimTV "VTi"n TVT/\f^ "¦^"¦ii-'-AC,'-^ n« v*.. iir.L. 1 « j \r «tlnj ket : colors, tan. red and brown. Our sleeves, neck crocheted and finished. g«J
i<3& ISlCA^fSlW *2^^^^^ f£^ incomparable price 81 .OO jS^^S^^^ I
I r^CT Kde-of'afSofl^eJlSt' L-d«e.' collar and jabot attached. FrOITI COUgflS HHtJ Golds? Hllf the Pants to match, ankle len.th. • K
1 ktmi fS^J&SS^SBi me ° d f S& XSk . fl » on . •«& Cold* Are Contracted From the Coiers COLD. WEATHER GLOVtS . F Z£\ £& £»?SS5SjSS ®
K H^2fi^i are a11 well mado, not a f 11 * braid. Dainty and v^ry effective Rpin 17 ThfOWn Off Wfli : P tflP Phllfi I? LADIES 1 GLOVES, mado of very SUITS, made of extra fine Egyptian Er$
HI vl3=OV 8l n» le detail o f work- f «r very little; for 50c «»"'B •"•«¦«. Ull lIUhB 1MB liUIIU 15 best cashmere; two clasp; stitched cotton, high neck, long sleeves, ankla m
SB \flf [Hit manship being slighted. Uauo Ynn Cann *hn U.,., I| A . MA AS 63D. back: warranted fast black: Just the length, neck neatly finished with KB
Kg B WtlV We challenge these suits itdYB I OU 0B3fl 1116 KCW MSfffS » nrv*ft« DT * love to ward off the most dreaded crocheted edging and drawn through Bfl
13 iS5 «¦•• against any J15.00 suit. n i n * x n II1UI O U A DENTON SLEEPING chilblains: fit as well as any $1 kid with ribbon. Our small profit price 13
HI m II Our price S1O.OO DUST r6rf8Ct6rr • ' GARMENT will prevent all (&§ gloves. Rosenbergs price 35 C 40c gj,
H tffl 11 A Quro U/innnr in Our ftjs designed to be worn with or knft fabric.^nfoVh and^so'f t /W^§ 1 A Bargain — WMcfl DlgllifieS fh8 WOfd. M
m JILJil A Otire Winner 111 UUr ? 1 , t 1 h ?. ut K Orse^, a ; nd Jt is hailed as a" to the skin, and finished with^ Z^J , .I.J P»!H l..»|... c, i"' n MAm^ Awmvp^f-rp P9
I m&& >uit Decartrppnt S xrt/t Iff -And Still Anotnar. j&xgg&ugAiSL m
I . Ull UB^dlUNBill, f th , t PP d \l^ "pe^t al }5*Z dFawn over the hands and 1,1 LADIES GLOVES, made of genuine quality Swiss lawn, hemstitched and M
m 2 dozen GOLF SKIRTS, made of dom. Dressmakers and tailors are will not Dull off Indowd / English Mocha; two clasp; "Paris trimmed with- Point de Venlse lace; 19
m good quality wool golfing, plaid back, delighted with it. as it makes ilttinl by al 1 lead ne DhvslclSis \ / pol , nt l' 6tlt ched back; perfect fit and f worth 25c. but we will give you some- g|
m inverted pleat, welted seams, stkehed 20 per cent easier. Specially ¦ priced I Small and medium S /I7 well finished. Our sure winner... SI. 00 thing to think about 12Hc £^
la bottom, cut after .he latest tailor pat- ; -iiU e n Bires... 1/1/ -_, t--... rHn-n-o nrrioro m -. . ». mi e JS
g terns, perfect hanging. Rosenber^B >Oc ° Oc We Issue Glove Orders. No Mystery AbOUt These. fj3
a price #11.75 -M The simple truth is, we are the man- *«
Is Cnmo Tallinn- Woliiao in flnr "W fT 1 "*^ tF% W™ 1 "* "W^. ~W HI'—Mk 'VP*«t wn^ _m_ , 325 CINCH BELTS, made of best t.4
|a cOmG ieiiltlg YaiUeS IP UUr | & 1| S d bTJ/B » fe^-T I - IV I WS g r* SB AT* corded satin, heavy French enamel IS
fiS i il n J n i i i«B E^ t"iC fi B |H |\| H irg isW H J° fl rings, with wide ribbon strings: per- S3|
I Leather Gaods Departmejit. kJXJLL IXKJ^lLiVlDililixJ. 8M l <»ffJS..!^...?3S; i
jEa LADIES* FINGER PURSES, made _ . ' _ ~ * AN ACCEPTABLE HIFX >NJ
i^Sy^w^no^S 816 MARKFT s f^-^^'^ i
W§ steel frame. Incomparable values for PHELAIN BUILDING. O»U 1 T 1 /^ ff\. f\ 1_» 1 O 1 XVl^JL* 1 • zephyr, knit ln newest Vienna pat- &|
gS „ SOe tut a tt ntrnwoe e^r Trtrmm^ terns, forty-one Inches square; colors, Nj|
fig . " ouc X&A.TLJ ORDERS SOLICITED. pink, blue and white. Special!. ..QSc
¦«<ag^^| An absolutely waterproof leather, . V • \^|
| gr- fl built not only into a winter shoe, ymm >J
| _-~---""^'jS but a stylish and hygienic shoe frfmJL _j|
Sj (r-~* a besides. Fop tho rainy season a jpGScz — -~*n
£Cjtfgfe&?M more durable shoe could not be ¦^•Cr"" g
a ~ r-vejy^g found. Made by Buckingham &
H -______H Hecht, for men : $5 the pair. Sold
2g~«si4| 738-740 Market St., San Francisco timftfl^ I
>•""" /— — «fi Mail orders filled. Address Depart- —§§&-¦Woman is a complication cf contradic
tions.
T-HE Mall Company's steamship
City of Rio de . Janeiro arrived
from the Orient via Honolulu yes
terday, t She brought .up 70 cabin
passengers, 150 second cabin pas
sengers and 62 Chinese. She also brought
over 900,000 sold yen" from Japan and $25,
000 Jn American silver. This shipment
represents a value of about $475,000 Ameri
can money and is the largest that has
come from Japan In a long time.
Nearly all the men who came back in
tbe second cabin went away from here on
the German transport Samoa. They were
employed to take care of the horses that
were shipped from here to Taku. and tho
German Government sent ; , : them home
again when their services were no longer
lequlred.
it \V\ Wilcox is the Delegate-elect to
the United States Congress from Hawaii.
There is trouble uhead for him at the
national capital, as a committee headed
by George D. Gear also came up on the
Rio, and it Is the Intention of these men
to have "Wilcox unseated.
The Mall Company's City of Para also
arrived yesterday. Her caxgc from Pan
ama was very light, and the chances are
that the next steamship will bring little
else save coffee.
Brings Some Notable
Passengers From
Both Places.
Rio de Janeiro Arrives
From the Orient Via
Hawaii.
la hard to learn, but when th« Constance
reached port her fantall was shattered
and repairs had to b« made before she
could move around the bay.
When talking about the colllslonyester
day one of the passengers aald: "we were
moving along on our regular course and
at full speed when suddenly another river
boat loomed up on our quarter. For a few
minutes it looked as though she would cut
us In two, and everybody made a rush for
life-preservers. By skillful work, on the
part of both captains the danger was
avoided, but part of our stern wheel was
lost In the shuffle. It was a close call, and
I never want to be in siibb' a scrape
again."
The steam schooner Cleone, which went
ashore near Cape Mendocino last Friday,
has been given up as a total loss. Early
In the day she was reported to have
floated off the rocks and was a derelict.
Captain Turner of the Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company at once chartered the
tug Rescue and was to have sailed at 5 p.
m. yesterday. Later a telegram came say
insr the vessel had gone to pieces, so the
order for the tug was countermanded. Tha
chances are that Captain Miller and the
crew of the Cleone will arrive in San
Francisco on the next steam schooner that
will get here from Mendocino City. The
Cleone was fully insured, so the under
writers will be the heaviest losers.
DES MOINES. la.. Dec. 8.-The main
building of the State Agricultural College
at Ames, Iowa, was destroyed by fire to
day. Loss tSO.OOO. no. Insurance..
Write for new catalogue of — -»rti-|. Jnnrtliy ft
til venrar e. Jiwaawrwnith' & FleW, If ' K«ray. •
CoHe^e Building Burned.
JOSEPH FIGEL, MERCHANT TAIL-
oil. The latest styles t<J select from. Suits
from $20 upward. Overcoats, fancy vests
etc.. at greatly reduced prices. Second
floor Flood Building, Fourth and Market
streets. ¦• / «.
j HOUSE PAYS TRIBUTE
i TO LATE A. C. HABMEB,
WASHINGTON, Dec. S.— Under a spe
cial order adopted at the last session, the
House devoted to-day after 1 o'clock to
paying tribute to the memory of the late
Representative A. C. Harmer of Pennsyl
vania.
Eulogies were pronounced by Blngham
of Pennsylvania. Cummlngs of New York,
Grosvenor of Ohio. Adams of Pennsyl
vania. McCleary of Minnesota, White of
Xorth Carolina. McAleer of Pennsvl
vania, DeArmond of Missouri. Otey of
Virginia, Demorrell of Pennsylvania, and
I then at 2:25, as a further mark of respect
to the memory of the deceased, the Hou=e
adjourned.
William Leahy, an ex-soldler of the
Spanish war, committed suicide yesterday
by sending a revolver bullet Into his
brain. H<> was living in the Kentucky
House, 10-.'2 Kentucky .street, which is kept
by Mr. and ttrm. rtlccomi. the lady being
his* sifter. At UZB9 o'clock yesterday fore
noon Lca.hy went behind the bar, took a
revolver belonging to Mr. Riccoml. placed
the muzz!*; in his mouth and discharged
the woapon.
Suicide of William Leahy.
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE. Mont.. Dec. S James Shields.
a nephew of the late Marcus Daly, was
shot and dangerously wounded at Ml£
soula this morning by his wife. Mrs.
Shields left home on Friday ostensibly to
visit her parents at Bonner. but last night
her husband found her in a wine box at
a choap variety theater called the Gem.
She was In the company of a hack driver
named George Willett. Shields attempted
to shoot Willett. but was disarmed.
Later in the evening Mrs. Shields went
home under the protection of an officer,
but her husband tbrew her out of the
house. This- morning she purchased a re
volver and called at tne store where
Shields was employed and called him out-
Kide. They had a lew words and she
turned to walk away and as she did so
fired back over her head, the shot strik
ing her husband in the spine. She was
arrested and he was taken to a hospital,
where he lies in a critical condition.
Mrs. Shields says nhe went to the the
ater to ppy on her husband, whom she
suspected of intimacy . with a variety
actress.
Nephew of Marcus Daly Is
Seriously Injured at •
Missoula.
MBS, SHIELDS
SHOOTS HUSBAND
MORE PLAIN TALK
street, are selling out their piano stock.
Going. out of the business. • No fake—
straight goods. Store for rent. Pianos
wholesale prices. New pianos less than
second-hand price. ¦ One second-hand
Steinway, $90. Goods all marked plain fig
ures. One price to all. Up to date pianos
from $113 upward. Selling fast. "Have to
hurry.'.' Store open evenings. Come and
see pianos. Standard makes. All fully
guaranteed. Only seven more days. Re
member number, 230 Post street. Don't
delay, pianos going fast. Soon be gone.
"You'll be sorry." These are facts; we
have the figures. Investigate this matter.
Come In- Monday. Store open day and
night until sold out. Grandest opportu
nity, of your life.' Beware of the imitation
sales, that .will spring up on every side of
us. We have cause to . sell out and are
doing It. We have organs at cost. Want
one? Consider this proposition and decide
at once. . . . ** •_
ONXY A FEW DAYS LEFT FOB
¦• A DECISIOM".
Here are a few facts In telegraphic
form: Hockett Bros. & Co., 230 Post
On a Topic Which Is of Vital Import
ance to Hundreds of Families.
Viola A. McF.idden has'been granted a
divorce from John A. McFadden on the
ground of willful neglect.
- Suits for divorce have been filed by Mag
gie B. \LamourcHUX against Frank Lamou
reaux, for -Jesertionc William F. De Laney
against Mamie DeLaney. for desertion;
Sarah Muir-against Edward Mulr, for fail
ure to provide: Annie K.- Barnard against
Robert W. Barnard, for failure to provide,
and Llllie Peaslee against John H. Peas
lee, for failure to provide.
In. the" Divorce Court.
You can buy. to-morrow $3 50 ladies'
dress shoes for $1 65. This Is by all means
the best offer.- ever made. Just ;^ think—
stylish shoes, well made of good material;
no shoe store can afford to sell them for
less than ?3 50, for $165 a. pair, at the
bankrupt shoe sale of. the California, 1506
Market Btreet, near City Hall avenue. •
At the Bankrupt Shoe Sale.
George H. Thomas Post of the' G. A. R.
has chosen the following delegates to the
department encampment * which will • meet
next May In Pacific Grove: ; R. R. Bige
low, C. H. Blinn, L.. I* Donv P^ I. Fisher,
J. J. Franlc, J. H. Gllmore, C. W.- Gordon,
A. J. Itsell, AV. R.Parnell, S.vSturges, H.
L.. Tickner.- P.'- 1* * Turpln, "W. - J. Watson
and H. Wilson. . , ; '
Gteorg'e H.v Thomas Post.
Petitions In Insolvency, were filed yester
day in the United i States District Court
as . follows: Samuel J. Daly, painter, San
Francisco, ;"' liabilities J1052, assets . $253;
George H. Field,* contractor, oiockton, lia
bilities $1119 60, assets . none. .:
Petitions in Insolvency.
Trapper's Oil cure* rheumatlim and nraralgta.*
PrucjletB, Cto flwk. RichftnU 4 Co., «0i Clay.*
t
AFTER twice narrowly escaping
..destruction . the transport Bel
gian King finally reached port
yesterday. Once she was caught
In the tail end of a typhoon and
the water- tanks burst, flooding the flre
room. For three days the big freight
boat drifted at the mercy of the wind and
waves and then finally when repairs were
made she had to put into Hongkong for
an overhauling.
. From Hongkong the Belgian King went
to Nagasaki and was coaled there. When
five days out from the Japanese port the
coal in the bunkers caught flre and for
three days, that danger. had to be fought.
Finally the fire was put .out and then the
Belgian King came on to San Francisco
without any more mishaps.
When the Belgian King lalled from
Manila she had aboard besides the regular
crew First Lieutenant A. I* Cabanne and
Lieutenant H. J. Parker. Both are from
the Forty-eighth Regiment (colored) and
come here to report to the adjutant gen-,
era! for discharge. Adolpho Rastag and
H. L. Blngham, discharged soldiers, and
M. Anderson, W. C. Johnson and G. L.
Hill, civilian employes, also came over
on the transport. * At Nagasaki Dr.
Albert Coltman. wife and six children,
were taken aboard. Dr. Coltman has spent
sixteen years In China, his headquarters
for the bulk of the time being In Peking.
He is the author of a book called '.'The
Yellow Crime" and cOmes to America to
see It published.
AH the' passengers on the transport
speak calmly of the dangers they have
passed through. Those who came from
Manila ' say that on leaving Manila on
October 14 there was no sign of heavy
weather. Two days later the vessel was
fighting the tail end of a typhoon. Sud
denly the water tanks burst and the fire
room soon had eight feet of water in it.
Then the pumps choked and the crew had
to go to work bailing • with j buckets.
Finally the fireroom was cleared and
steam was got on one boiler. With this
assistance Hongkong was reached and
there it took seventeen days to overhaul
tiie vessel.
From Hongkong the Belgian King went
to Nagasaki and from there she started
for San Francisco. : When well on her
way here fire broke out In the bunkers
and the fireroom had to be flooded again
In order to save the ehlp. On this occa
sion the pumps worked well and -as soon
as all danger was past • It . did not take
long to clear the ship.
The Belgian King will probably make
another trip to Manila for Uncle Sam.
Caught in a Typhoon,
Fireroom Flooded,
Then on Fire.
Transport Belgian King
Twice in Peril on
Her Way Home
The River Steamer Con
stance Nearly Cut in
Two Friday Last.
Steam Schooner Cleone
Now Abandoned by
Underwriters.
HE*U3 was a narrow escape from
I . a serious collision up near Antlocn
I last Friday night. Two of the rlv
11 er steamera came together, but
luckily the worst damage was to
the fantall of one of them. The passen
gers on both- steamers got a great scare.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900.
THREE VESSELS HAD NARROW
ESCAPES FROM DESTRUCTION
THE UNITED STATES TRANSPORT BELGIAN KING IN A TYPHOON WHILE ON HER WAY TO NAGASAKI.
HER ENGINE-ROOM FIRES WERE DROWNED OUT AND SHE CAME NEAR TO GOING TO THE* BOTTOM
OF THE OCEAN.
22
and when tt was all over everybody came
to the conclusion that they would not
wi?h to run such chances again.
The river steamer Constance of the
California Transportation Company's Una
was on her way here from Sacramento,
while one of the Union Transportation
Company's steamers was on her way to
Stockton.'Just how the accident happened
GENTS' INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS
(pure linen.)
$!.5O, $2.40 and $3.00 Box.
(8 IN" A BOX).
GENTS' SILK INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS.
40c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 Each.
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND EMBROIDERED HAND-
KERCHIEFS (all linen.)
I5c, 25c, 50c, 75c, up to $4.00 Each.
LADIES' BATTENBERG AND POINT VENICE LACE TIES
AND COLLARS.
$1.00 to $4.00 Each.
LADIES' NOVELTY NECKWEAR, In Cnirfon, LtbfirtD
Silk flnl Moussellne le Sole.
75c to $7.00 Each.
LADIES' LIBERTY SILK AND CHENILLE RUFFS.
$2.00 to $15.00 Each.
LADIES' REAL DUCHESSE HANDKERCHIEFS AND
COLLARS.
$2.00 to $35.00 Each.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED SILK REEFERS AND SILK
MUFFLERS, In great Yarletu.
$1.00 to $3.00 Each.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS,
COMMENCING SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15th.
—FOB THE—
•j>;':-v ¦' ADVERTISEMENT^
SPECIAL IMPORTATION
_^______ ADVEBTISEMENTS. ,
Christmas
Do you know of anything more sensible or more useful
as a Christmas present to the lady members of your family
than a nice suit or waist pattern? It is something in which
they take more genuine satisfaction than in almost anything
else than could be given them. These Items will assist you
in selecting: — thev are from a line that includes everv fash-
mnable fabric.
Waist Patterns, Suit Pattern,
Each, 51 95. Each, $2.95
Polka Dot Corded Velvet. AH-Wool Amazon Cloth. A
Something nc.v for fancy waists— i splendid material. tor fall and wiii-
way m-lish and durable— color* | *«r -.vear— nice firm quality, suitable
Garnet,' Golf Red, HeHo:rope. I for Jacket Suits. Tailor Dresses,
Ro?e Pink. Lilac, Old Rose. Re- ' <*tc. strictly all weol— 48 inches
seda. Cream, etc.. with Black Pol- ¦ wide— colors include .3 new shades
ka Dot effects— suitable for street I of Red. 5 New Blues, y Browns.
and eveninsr wear Old Rose. Olive, Gray, Tan. Gob-
. ..Pcp Waist Pattern $1.95 j Hn, etc Per Pattern $2.95
_ _, . _ _. ¦-- -¦¦—_, At Our Market-Street Store Only.
At Ovr Market-Street Store On'y.
Golf Suiting. . ! Venet^ n er C^ r h d - $1 00
rwr Yur "» ' 3C , Finc ir renc h Venetian Cloth.
Plaid Back Golf Suitincv The For children's coats, capes, tailor-
popular material for vaJking and made suits, shirt waists, etc.. a very
rainy-day skirts — a pood heavy fine heavy quality — full 52 inches
quality — a dozen different color- wide— beautiful satin finish — all
in^s to ?elect from, including: li^ht pure wool — colors include Cas-
ar.d dark oxford grays, browns, j tors. Grays, Golden Browns,
navys, blue gray mixtures and Sapho and Ox-Blood Red. Royal
black— with reversible plaid back an d Navy Blues, New Greens,
to match, full 56 inches wide— the Jans. Garnet and Black. Good
rei2X.!ar $1.25 value, special this value for $1.50 anywhere. Our price
week Per Yard 75c th j 5 wee k Per Yard SI.OO
At Our Market-Stre«t Store Only. I At Our Market-Street Store Only.
We have just opened a very beautiful line of Fancy <
Corded. Silk Stripe and Novelty Plaids — just the thing for
children's dresses, at 25c. 50c, 60c, 75c and $1.00 a yard
Bed Clothing.
This week in our domestic department we offer a num-
ber of lines of blankets, comforters, etc., at special prices — -
prices that make it worth while coming to see them. The
sharp weather of this season has made a demand for these
articles, and the following- goods will supply it. They are all
splendid values.
Honeycomb Spreads, Com^orter5,
Each, 60c Each, $1.00
1 1-4 White Cotton Quilts. Mar- For double beds, a choice assort -
seilles finish, for" double beds, ex- ment of comforters.^ pure white
tra heavy- An elegant assortment cotton fillings, extra heavy and
of patterns, close, fine weave. $1.35 grade, special for
usually sold at 9 5C special for this hlS Wee^ : ; ".'¦ each $I -°°
week each 6bc Lace Curtains —
We have a splendid line of odds
Blankets, an <i ends of manufacturers' sam-
P ry^ff. c^« t\f\ pies of Nottingham lace curtains in
-¦ ¦air, 54.UU white and ecru, in a variety of
1 1-4 California lambswool blan- beautiful designs — some , slightly
kets for double beds, extra heavy, soiled or slightly imperfect, while
soft and fleecy; pink and blue bor- others are perfect. They will go at
ders, nicely bound with deep silk half-price this week, however, and
ribbon. Regular price $5.00. Spe- will go quickly at these prices
cial for this week per pair $4.00 per pair $1.00 to $5.00
Stamping free on all goods bought of us to be em-
broidered. Lessons given in embroider}-. Free delivery in
city and bay towns.
Store Open Evenings Until Christmas.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I
Artistic
ardinieres and Umbrella
Stands.
Hundreds of shapes, designs
and colors. Beautifully
glazed.
Maroon
Royal Green
Gold Tracings
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
GreatAmeriGan Imuortintt Tea Go.
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Avc, bet. Post and Sutton,
801 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St. -
112 Third St. 1819 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth St. 2008 Fillmnrc St.
800G Sixteenth St. 621 Montgomery Avw
2516 Mission St. S2&5 Mission 6t.
TOS Lnrkln St. 2732 24th St.
8C5 Hayes St. 475 Halftht St.
52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. ~#I6 E. 12th St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA- 1335 Park St.
SAN RAFAEL-B St., near Fourth.
&P^ VERY LATEST
fpj(fb Straight Front,
VUvf | Hand-Made
i( SAPPHIRE
/m corsets
((\M $3.oo i« $15.00
\\J\\\ffl\^ rER -PAIR.'
/^¥% 10 Gearu St.,
// A j r i CORNER KEARNT.
xl^V \ ' CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
A&S-I^Ul-- t ¦ Royal ; Worcester Cor-
'^^ .--f v set-rittln* Parlcrs.
Cfeauddii
Th« L*r«rest and Oldest Chanptgn* House . In
: the World. ..
White Seal (Grande Cuvee), of ex*
ceptiotial bouquet and dry. drynew.
-rC^urt fyirttal.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
LADIES' INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS
(pure linen,)
$1.00, $1.50 and $3.00 per Box.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
TRYING 'HER
CHRISTMAS GLASSES.
See the pleased old man.
He Is trying- the pleased old lady's Christmas
glasses. ; v :..- ;.,. .i; -¦¦•, ¦> ¦ : ¦.;•"- - -:
Tou could please some of your elderly friends
or relative*, as la no other way. by giving
them a pair of Mayerle's glasses.
An accurate fit guaranteed.
Examination before or after presentation.
German Eyewater 50c.
Consultation, Elimination ud Ad vie* Free.
OPEN EVENINGS TJNTTI, 9
TELEPHONE MINT 257.
GEOROE MATERLE, German Expert Opti-
cian, 1071H Market street (opposite Hibernla
Bank), San Francisco, Cal. (See City Directory
for Graduate Opticians.) ,
THE WRONG GLASSES WILL RUIN THE
STRONGEST EYES.
NEGLECTED EYESIGHT AFFECTS THE)
BRAIN.
CUT THIS OUT.
begins /^to-morrow .
ESBBsUD99BKlHQH9BBBHflBMSE^T% -**
1 . . To-morrow we start a'piano sale that's going to make a dent
S m piano scllins: .history.
I Goinjf to be the biRsrsst special piano sale we've ever had.
g And we ve had some pretty big ones. *
I h? st year we sold nearl y a hundred in three weeks
I This year we've got 200-they just came in-took 16 cars to
sk carry them. 'V : k u
: .Mr. Curtaz selected them personally at the basest factories
in Boston. New York and Chicago.
.pricked the^ best from those of best known worth—
SheS nnK> ' ng ' MaS ° n ''*** Hamlin ' and a ' Wrt rf
Bought them during those uncertain pre-election times
_ when cash counts most. on «mes, j
They're here— to-morrow sees the selling start.
A wonderfully good piano will be sold at ..each $153 !
fienj.Curtax® Son I
ll6to2Q^farjrell^rt^jr |
\ SFXCIAT» PRICES O6T \
( COBBLE-SEAT ROCKERS. |
I Blr. substantial asd *a*r, tn nut-//
\ bogany finish -. . $3. U5 \\
| A carload r«c«iT«d last SaturdAj. /I
( THE J. NOONAN ))
I! FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.. )|
1; 1017-1023 MISSION STREET (f
|( Pbona Soatb 14. Abovs 6ti, Saa Frtodwa. )#
35 % OFF
PREMO & POCO CAMERAS.
25 °/o OFF
SEED & CRAMER PLATES.
2O °/o OFF
EASTMAN KODAKS,
Oeullsti' prescription* filled. Factory ea
preicises. Quick repairing. PImm. Main 10k
OPTICIANS^^ph^awtw,
642 Market 5t. inmrumcnts
unotn CHaoHicit BuaotMfr. CATAIOGUE Fp.IL
The M DANN"REGLININ6 CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas ife^J/
Easy and Comfortable. f^hp&xj
Prlco $15. Come and see It.
W. A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montnomery Street.
tST. GERM Ail*
BILLIARD COMPAHY.
409 Market Street,
~-8AX FRANCISCO.
H Manufacturers of _
n^nTswErx-KN'OW^- and rkliable old
I o* i .i YZnv,p\ood Poison. (Jonarrhcea.Gieet,
«0ifk«»niy8fct »aali'r«nclJBco,Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J PIANO PURCHASERS 1
I ATTENTION! f
9 — c
g 28 Grand and Upright %
JWEBER!
S PIANOS §|
g Used by the artists of the O I
g GRAU OPErfA COMPANY gj
O Will be offered for sale at e j
© LARGELY REDUCED PRICES. © j
S This and next week. O
o Old instruments taken in ex- §
• . change. . ? g
9 Terms given n desired. a
o j 2
¦© XOVEMBKR U. 1500. X?
q I take much j.lo£sun» Jn fiaying 2
IT that tbe \\>b«»r han given me the 9
™ greatest ts«ilf faction. n
O JOHANNA GADSKI. Q
i CLARK WISE & CO., |
O AGENTS, q
% Corner Geary 2nd Grant Are., S. F. g
Q CX» Twelflh St.. Oakland. S
j 30 Days Only,
I |l|l|o/ I^0/
%^jf DISCOUNT I
- on All P.'iite*;. Cr>«ns and S
* Brid^ework. &
t FSIIinfts, 50c Crowns, $3.39 E
Plates, $5.00 Full Set R
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, I
; 24 Sixth Street. iV S AN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900.
President V/heeler "Says School Directors Are
Not Capable of Selecting Text Books.
DECRIES USELESS RED TAPE
IN STATE BOARD METHODS
There "were two 'enjoyable banquets " at
the .California last evening, 'one being
given by '. the Golden Gate Amateur. Press
Association and the other, by -the veteran
organization of the National Guard Signal
Corps. Samuel J. Steinberg was. toast
master at -the Press Association -banquet
and Orlo , Eastworth at :;the Signal Corps
banquet ¦> , ' ' "
Two Enjoyable Banquets.
The - greatest assignee sale of clothing.
I will sell to-morrow men's genuine wors
ted suits that' cost $15 for $5 85; also 430
covert cloth men's suits, worth J20,- for
18 90. Come one, come all; to the Boston,
775 Market ¦ street, ". near . Fourth. 'P. C.
Kelly,, assignee. , _. ,. •
Be Sure and Attend
Amendment for Election.
The quarterly meeting t>f the members
of the Mechanics' Institute was held at
the library, on Post street last evening.
The amendment In reference to the elec
tion of the trustees was carried by a
vote of 60 to 25. .
The meeting was presided over by
George Branston. He made an able chair
man and restricted all the members In
their speeches to five minutes. Addresses
were made by W. A. Beatty, L. P. Comp
ton and P. J. Healy. J. C. Saulman cre
ated a sensation at the close of the meet
ing by stating that Healy up to 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon 'was In favor of the
amendment. This Healy' stoutly denied.
An artist's wife never admires her hus
band's work so much as when he la draw
ing a check for her.
California Press Association.
The California Press Association will
meet. at the. Press Club, 123 Ellis-street,
next Tuesday. The election of officers
and other business will take up the after
noon session, and in the. evening a dis
cussion "On the Influence and' Offices of
the Press" will be taken part In by. Presi
dent Wheeler of the State University and
by President Jordan of Stanford'Univer
sity. Members of the Press Club and
other newspaper men and ladies are In
vited to attend the evening session.
The case of Louis Rols, charged with
battery upon Edward Bruner. a roomer,
because he snored, was dismissed by
Judge Cabanlss yesterday, as Bruner
failed to appear. Bruner, when he swore
to th© complaint, alleged that the battery
was committed ,in • the . Reno House, on
Sacramento street. He had . not been In
that place at all, but received his beating
In a cheap lodging-house . on Leidesdorff
street.'. ...... ..t..,.
Landlord Rols- Discharged.
Performance.
.The San Francisco Commercial Travel
ers' Association win give its fourth annual
benefit for the death fund of the order
at the Alcazar Theater • on Thursday
evening next. - J .
The theater has been entirely bought
out by members and their friends and an
immense audience will be present. The
committee of arrangement is as follows:
H. H. Backer, W. Rancel, E. Durow, W.
Marlsch, J. H. Horstman, a. My r son, B.
G. Fredericks, C. E. Torres, A. Cohen.
Death Fund of the Order Will Be
Augmented by Alcazar
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS
PLAN A BENEFIT SHOW
Why do -many, ladles buy worthless
Xmas presents when they can get valua
ble articles for the same money? The
best present to buy is a good 1 fur garment,
which can be had at theiwell-establlshed
firm of Berwin & Gassner. Their stock
needs no recommendation; their name Is
enough: every article in the store is first
class. Just' now they have a big run on
real sealskin jackets, from $125 to $230.
110 Kearny street. ¦ * -
Enow What to Buy Xmas.
Dispatch Was Carried in a Penholder
by a Coolie to Tien- .
tsin.
Dr. Robert Coltman of Peking. China, is
at the California. It was Dr. Coltman
who got the first news of the siege of the
legations out of Peking. • He secured a
Chinese pen. hollowed out the handle a
little and then wrote a dispatch of 175
words on a card about twice the size of a
postage stamp. The card was placed in
the penhandle. which was consigned to
the care of a coolie runner. The man.
after many hairbreadth escapes, reached
Tientsin and gave the message to the
Commissioner of Customs, who In turn de
livered it to the United States authorities.
' Dr. Coltman has spent fifteen year3 in
China and Is at the present time chief
surgeon of the Chinese customs service.
He passed through all the horrors of the
Peking siege.
HOW COLTMAN SENT FIRST
NEWS OF SIEGE AT PEKING
Collector of the Port F. S. Stratton was
tendered a luncheon yesterday by his
friends of the "Oakland Table" Mer
chants' Club. Those who tendered Mr.
Btratton the luncheon are: F. E. Bngham,
A C Donnell. W. B. Bellingall. G. H.
Affl.s W. B. Hamilton. E. E. Potter, T.
C. Ooogan. B. C. Cuveliier. G. R. Lukens,
H. P. Brayton and J. C. Spring.
Collector Stratton Banqueted.
B. F. Amea, a teamster living: at 541
Stevenson street, while driving a loaded
truck across the tracks of the Southern
Pacific Company at Sixth and Townaend
streets about -5:30 o'clock last 'evening.
had a narrow escape from death. The
train struck his vehicle and knocked him
off. He landed on hi3 feet- Th© truck
and Its contents were scattered over the
track. Ames escaped uninjudel and
drove the horses off to the barn. No one
was hurt. • .'
Train Wrecks a Track.
Robert "W. WIlcox, Delegate-elect to
Congress from Hawaii, arrived on the Rio
Janeiro yesterday and Is registered at the
Occidental. Wilcox may have some
trouble taking his seat in the National
House of Representatives, as a bitter
fight is to be waged on the legality of his
election. The contest will be on purely
technical grounds. It is claimed that the
Territorial act does not ¦ provide for an
election, and until such provision is made
by the Hawaiian Legislature no Delegate
can be chosen. The act says that there
shall bo a Delegate chosen by the people
according to law, but as this law has not
yet been framed it is claimed that, from
a technical standpoint at least. Wllcox's
election was illegal.
The Republican Central Committee has
declined to take the matter up oillcially.
but a number of prominent Hawaiian citi
zens have Interested themselves In the
matter, and it is understood Georee D.
Gear, who arrived here yesterday, has
been delegated by the opponents of Wll
cox to look after their interests in Wash
ington. Gear is an old Cahfornlan, and
he has the confidence of the business men
of the islands. It is an open secret that
Gear would like the appointment of Cir
cuit Judge, and his mission to Washing
ton will therefore be for a twofold object.
L- A. Thurston, who represented the
islands in Washington when the question
of annexation was first brought up, and
who was also a passenger on the steamer,
said last evening that the technical point
raised against the legality of Wllcox's
election is unquestionably a strong one,
but he had bis doubts if the matter would
be pushed.
WIlcox said he was not worrying on
account of a possible contest. He does
not think the election will be declared il
legal.
"If It Is they will elect me over again,"
he said, "for I am the idol of our native
people.
Hawaiian Delegate to Con
gress Arrives From the
Islands.
W1LC0X DOES NOT
FEAR A CONTEST
Beautiful assortment of ladles' gold watches.
Very low price*. Rudolph Barth, 141 Post »U •
It was decided that a ¦ public meetinr
should be held by the committee of nine
and that an invitation be extended to all
persons interested to appear before that
committee and offer any suggestions as to
th« provisions of the primary election law.
The meeting will be held at the call of the
chairman. • --. . • .. ¦ ¦ »
There were present at the meeting Tlrey
L. Ford. George D. Clark and W. M. Ab
bott of the Union League Club: Charles
P. Troy, W. I. Brobeck. J. C. Gorman, T.
Carl Spelling and Charles Gildea of the
Iroquois Club; Chairman Alfred Bouvler,
R. L. Hathorn, John F. McGlynn, Abe
Ruef and A. B. Truman of the Republi
can County Committee, and Thomas E.
Curran, Louis de F. Bartlett, Thomas W.
Hlckey, Samuel Braunhart and M. H.
Hernan of the Democratic County Com
mittee.
The meeting organized by the election
of George D. Clark as chairman and J. C.
Gorman as secretary. W. M. Abbott
moved that a committee of seven lawyers
be appointed to prepare a draft of a pri
mary law, but after some discussion and
amendments a substitute offered by Abe
Ruef was adopted providing for the ap
pointment by the chair of a committee
composed of four Republicans and three
Democrats, to which should be added the
chairman and secretary. The Republican
majority on the committee was the result
of the suggestion of the Democratic mem
bers of the conference.
The chairman appointed the committee
as follows: Tlrey L. Ford and W. M. Ab
bott of the Union League Club, Abe Ruef
and J. F. McGlynn of the ' Republican
County Committee, Char.es P. Troy of the
Iroquois Club and Thomas E. Curran and
Thomas W. Hlckey of the Democratic
County Committee. Chairman Clark and
Secretary Gorman complete the list of
nine committeemen. ' , .
Representatives of the Union League
Club, the Iroquois' Club and the Republi
can and Democratic County Central Com
mittees met at the rooms of the Union
League Club in the Palace Hotel yester
day afternon for a conference regarding
the drafting of a primary election law, to
be presented to the Legislature with the
indorsement of these four organizations.
As a result of the meeting a committee of
nine was selected to prepare. a first draft
for submission to the general committee.
Committee % Is Appointed to
Draft New Primary'
v Election Law.
PARTIES UNITE
IN CONFERENCE
Aa er.tertairjnent and social for the ben
*f.t of St. Peter's Episcopal Church will
he given by the lsdies of the parish at
Union Square Hall. 121 Pos-t street, on
Wednesday evening next at 8 o'clock
Fharp. A varied programme, including
"The Dlrtrict Fchool." taught by "Debo
rah Kittery" (Mrs. L. O. Hodgkins), will
be rendered.
A Churcli Entertainment.
THE 6econd day's cession of the
California Educational Commis
sion was enlivened by the presence
of President Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California, who partici
pated in tho discussion of the proposed
JL--et relating to the compilation of text
for use in the schools of the State.
Professor Brown presided.
H. M. Bland opened the proceedings by
moving the reconsideration of the vote of
the previous day by which the number of
years service requisite to procure for a
teacher a life diploma was reduced from
ten to six. The motion made by Mr.
Bland to restore the service to ten years
• after a lengthy debate was defeated.
The dleposaJ of the question of State
certificates was not accomplished without
The threatened war in Chinatown will
not take place. ¦ according to the presi
dents of the rival tongs. Yesterday morn-
Ing Lon Soon, president of the Hop Sing
Company and Soo Fook Shoo of the Suey
Sing Company met in the office of the
Chief of Police and agreed to call off the
pending conflict. There was also present
at the meeting Yee Cow, general man
ager of the Suey Sings.
In unmistakable language Chief Sulli
van told them that the minute hostilities
were commenced he would send all his
available men to arrest every member
of the rival factions.
"I give you fair warning." he declared,
"that If a shot is fired every man who is
known to be • connected with the rival
tongs will be arrested and sent to Jail."
The representatives of the two com
panies solemnly promised not to "mix
it," as 'one of them expressed it. They
both agreed to hoist the white flag as a
signal to their respective fighters that the
Impending battle was off.
Notwithstanding their assurances, how
ever, the police believe that a bloody fight
between the warring tongs is imminent.
Declares First. Shot Fired in China
town Will Be Signal for
Wholesale Arrests.;
CHIEF SULLIVAN "WARNS
THE HIGHBINDER CHIEFS
"As to Dr. Lalne's statement regarding
the purchase of the lot. the facts are as
follows: The college had $11,000 on hand,
as stated. When we purchased the -lot
$10,000 of this amount was paid out of the
treasury, as every member of the board of
trustees knows. Five thousand dollars
more was subscribed, as follows: March
8. 1899, Mrs. D. A. Hodghead. $500; J. L.
Asay, $500: •W. F. Southard, $500; Miss
Macnamara, $500: Mrs. Winslow Ander
son, $500; Mrs. Charles Boxton, $150; Rob
ert Davis, $900; Winslow Anderson, $1450.
"Hence when Dr. Laine says he signed
no note for me. and that I loaned no
money to the college, he tells a deliberate
untruth, as the note is still In existence,
marked paid and In the possession of the
college. For years Dr. Laine has endeav
ored to estrange the friendship which ex
isted between Dr. Hodghead and myself,
and when he states that I « told him
'that I could' have- Dr. Hodghead put In
San Quentin for embezzling money,' and
'that I had taken the Pacific Medical
Journal In part payment for the deficit,'
he states' a "deliberate falsehood.
"In lSS9'or 1890 I purchased a half in
terest in the Pacific Medical Journal
from Thomas P. Woodward. Some five
years later I purchased the other half
Interest from Dr. W. F. McNutt, trans
actions which can be proven by both of
these gentlemen. Whether Dr. Laine's
Imagination is due to grog or is simply a.
pipe dream, I am unable to say, but tho
facts remain as above stated. • •
"WINSLOW. ANDERSON/'
final examination by some of the profes
sors had fallen Into the hands of appli
cants for graduation, and that in at least
one instance the professor gave his exam
ination upon • these questions after", hav
ing been notified of the above rumors. It
was upon motion adopted that a commit
tee of three be selected by secret ballot
to Investigate .theso reports and submit
their conclusions to the board of -trus
tees. The secret ballot resulted In the
election of Professors Potter, Anderson
and Hodghead as such committee.'
"The committee reported to the trustees
at a meeting held July 11 as follows: 'The
committee appointed at the last- regular
meeting of the faculties, of which com
mittee Professor Potter was chairman,
and Instructed to investigate certain ir
regularities in the examination papers,
made a verbal report that in the Instance
in which the questions were secured be
fore'the examination was. held the pro
fessor held a second examination.'
An Annual Hound-TJp of Amateur
Horsemen at a Formal
Dinner.
The Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion-banqueted last night at the Casino
on the north fringe of the park. As It
was the annual gathering of the mem
bers around the festive board the at
tendance was large and the merriment
consequently great. The dinner was ons
of "Pop" Leonhardt's own, and was two
hours In the consumption. When the
many courses had been served light en
tertainment and fizzing wine helped to
pass the time away. All the members
drove out in their own rigs. Those pres
ent were: George L. Swett. A. Jacobs, D.
Roberts, Harry Corbett. Dr. Leaner, B.
Croner. M. Levy. James O'Kane, M. M.
Donnolly. D. MIzner. J. C. Ohlandt. Ed
Aigeltlnger. Jack Holland. T. W. Thomp
son. Dr. Dalzlel, H. Schottler, William
Dunn. H. F. Patrick. Frank McQuaide. Al
Schwartz. Willian Todt. Dr. McLaughlln.
Teddy Boyle. H. B. Slocum. H. Miller.
Charles Baninger, D. V. Kelley and W.
Marion.
DRIVING ASSOCIATION"
BANQTTETS .AT CASINO
SECRETAT.T G. W. BEATTIE
READING A REPORT. AND
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER,
WOMAN KILLED BY OPERATION AND THE PHYSICIANS WHO ARE
CHARGED. ONE AS A PRINCIPAL, THE OTHER AS AN ACCESSORY.
WITH HER DEATH. -. •
considerable discussion. The general
trend of the debate was toward limiting
the powers of the county boards in regard
to their issuance. J. B. McChesney advo
cated the drafting of an amendment that
would settle the question, but this was
defeated for the reason that the commis
sion thought there was sufficient legisla
tion over school laws under way. and the
addition of such an amendment would
prove detrimental to the plans already on
foot. The matter was disposed of by
adopting the resolution of W. D. Kings
bury. which was in favor of leaving the
powers of the county boards as they were.
The amendment submitted to the com
mission regarding text books and which
caused a lively discussion read as follows:
The State Board of Education, in compiling
rr causing to be compiled text books for use
In the common Echools of the State, may make
use of and adopt, with or without change, all
or any part of any text book at the time ex
isting-; and If such existing text book, or any
Mirt thereof desired to be so usf>d by said
Lr«.rd. shall at the time be copyrighted, and
laid, board cannot lawfully make such uze of
taid text book, or part thereof, without con
sent of the owner of the copyright, then said
t.oerd may purchase from the owner the light
to make such use of 6uch text book, or part
thereof, for such price and upon such terms
aa said board fhall deem reasonable; provided,
that in the Judgment of said board such pur
chase will secure for use In the common 6cnools
of the State a satisfactory text .book, at a cost
less than would be required to compile, with
out euch purchase, a text book of equal merit.
State Superintendent Kirk in discussing
the question said:
"If the State Board has the authority
to compile there would be little need for
W. D. Kinprsbury stated that the passage
of some of the amendments as they now
read would harm the San Francisco teach
ers, while others would injure the coun
try teachers. To prevent this he intro
duced a resolution calling for the striking
out of certain phrases and the adding of
others, which was adopted.
The afternoon session was spent in mak
ing minor changes in the phraseology of
the various proposed amendments and the
passage of the act regarding the forma
tion of union school districts, which was
done without discussion.
An expert only should select text books,
and the average Board of Education docs
not contain any experts. They have not
been trained for such work, consequently
are not capable."
The report of the sub-committee was
adopted for immediate legislation.
J. W. Linscott introduced a resolution,
which was also adopted, calling for a con
ference of members of the State Board of
Education and the sub-committee for the
purpose of submitting a constitutional
amendment providing for the "adoption of
a series of text books, to be purchased in
open market." This settled the text book
qupstion, and the meeting adjourned until
1:30.
"It seems to me."- said Mr. Wheeler,
"that we have overlooked the interests of
the children. The constitution was framed
with the !dea of furthering their Interests,
and although I favor the proposed amend
ment submitted by the commission. I be
lieve we should do what we can under the
present law. Reputable business houses
are not very anxious to deal with the
State Board of Education owing to the
preponderance of red tape. Through some
technicality they .save been unable to se
cure the payment of a small bill due them.
The present plan of securing text books
is" very poor and .the prices are bad. This
State spent 13500 to help defray the ex
penses of compiling a history. We were
unable to use the book, for it contained
but .little history. , . —
It was at this point that President
Wheeler, who had been a silent but inter
ested spectator during the entire morning,
arose and save his opinion.
P. M. Fisher of Oakland and Professor
Cubberly also favored a change in the
constitution.
"We are helpless." said Professor Childs.
"without a constitutional amendment, and
after a thorough study of the question I
am of the opinion we should make a move
toward securing such."
J. W. McClymonds said It was Impossi
ble make a very successful choice of
text books under the present law. He fa
vored legislative enactment by which a
better class of text books could be se
cured.
this measure. T think we should first see
what wo can do under the existing law.
I am of the opinion that the law now in
force does not prevent the choice of text
books. It does, however, say that they
should be printed In Sacramento."
custody, there being no evidence tendnp
to prove that she was at all concerned In
the felonious deed.
Charles L. Wcller appeared.for the peo
ple at the inquest and General E. S. Salo
mon for Dr. Bohm and Mrs. Schmidt.
Dr. O'Donneil was not represented by
counsel.
The most important witness for th«
prosecution wa3 Mias Etta Crumley of 311
Golden Gate avenue, a cousin of the dead
woman. Miss Crumley testified that she
had gone to Dr. O'Donnell's office several
times with Mrs. Ciddings. Mrs. Giddinga
having confessed to her the purpose of
those visits. After that the witness ac
companied her couain to the office of Dr.
Bohm, at S*4 Golden Gate avenue, to make
arrangements for further treatment.
Dr. O'Donnell took the stand and sworo
that he v/as a graduate of the Kentucky
School of Medicine. He said that he saw
Mrs. Giddings for the first time two
months ago, when she called at hia office
and told him that she had performed an
operation on herself. He found that thero
¦was nothing the matter and gave her a
tonic for her nerves. She called again on
Thursday of last week for an examina
tion, with a similar result. That was the
last he saw of her. he said, and he did not
advise her to go to Dr. Bohm or any other
physician.
A peculiarity of the case Is the disap
pearance of William Spauldin*. the host
ler, who saw Mrs. Giddings and Miss
Crumley going into Dr. Bohm's office, and
of Mrs. Conway, the landlady of the lodg
ing-house at 42 Turk street. Spauldtng/s
evidence. It was supposed, would corrobo
rate that of Miss Crumley and contradict
the statement made by Dr. Bohm that ha
first saw Mrs. Giddings at his office at 6:30
o'clock on the evening of Saturday, De
cember 1. Mrs. Conway's evidence as to
the hiring of the room for Mrs. Giddings
would also. It Is believed, contradict the
statements of Dr. Bohm in relation to>
that matter.
R. GEORGE VT. O'DONNELL,
son of Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. Is in
serious trouble again. He paid a.
fine of WOO last Thurcday In the
United State3 District Court for
having ser.t certain unlawful drugs
through the mails, and yesterday morning:
he was arrested by Detective Gibson on a
charge of murder.
The latter charge was the result of the
Investigation by the Coroner's jury
Into the death of Mrs. Annie Gid
dings last. Tuesday morning. who
succumbed to the effects of a crim
inal operation and while undergoing a
necessary supplementary operation under
the hands of Dr. Ernst A. Bohm in the
lodging-house at 42 Turk street. The In
quest was held yesterday by Coroner Cole
and the Jury brought in a verdict charg
ing Dr. O'Donnell with murder and Dr.
Bohm with being accessory thereto. By
request ,of the Coroner, Mrs. Alvina
, Schmidt, the nurse In whose apartments
Mrs. GiiliHrtgs died, was released from
The internal war •which is raging with
in the learned limits of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons has reached a
stage where reputations are flying in the
air. dignified gentlemen are throwing
loaded metaphors at one another's heads,
"character destroyers ate being hurled
without consideration of whom they may
hit and the public Is gaping open-eyed at
the most unusual contest. The communi
cation of Dr. J. R. Lame to The Call. In
which the learned doctor' verbally dis
sected his former associates. Dr. Wins- j
low Andersen and Dr. D. A. Hodghead. i
has been answered by theso gentlemen in
a vein most spirited.
There Is no question that the directors
of the College of Physicians and Surgeons ¦
have given much care to a critical study j
of vituperative English; as the following ¦
communication from Dr. D. A. Hodghead
will very clearly Indicate:
Hodghead Recommends Diapsrs for
¦ Laine. '
"SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 8, 1900.
"To the Editor of The Call— Sir: Up to
this time I have taken no public part In
the discussion regarding the College of
Physicians and Surgeons, partly because
I believed that the intelligent public
would easily see through the thin veil of
jealousy, failure, meanness and grail
which have prompted the dishonorable
methods pursued by the disgruntled mai
contents and partly because all false
statements had been refuted by Dr. An
derson: but since Dr. J. R. Lalne has
taken it upon himself to reflect upon me
more than once in his assertions I pro
pose that the public shall understand a
little at least/as, to who I am and what
Dr. Lalne is. "I am not so dull nor.is Dr.
Lalne so profound but .that more than
once have I easily read - his shallow
schemes and his little games
before he maae a second move.
"Who ever may hold over my head the
sword of Damocles, It is very true that
Dr. J. It. Laine neither Is nor ever has
been my Dionyslus. Had he been he
might still be president of the College of
Physicians ana Surgeons. It is true that
I have done some editorial work for the
Pacific Medical Journal and In that con
nection the only regret I nourish Is that
I have been charged: with writing a cer
tain editorial which. Dr. Laine himself,
wrote and had not the courage to sign.
"The accompanying letter from Dr.
Winslow Anderson Is sufficient answer to
Dr. Lalne's base, slanderous and false
Intimations regarding deficits . in the ac
counts of the Pacirtc Medical Journal.
Dr. Anderson never bought nor In any
other manner acquired from me all or. any
part of the Paciric Medical Journal. I
sold a half Interest to T. P. Woodward
of the firm of \V. A. Woodward & Co.
This half interest Dr. Anderson pur
chased. My remaining half Interest I
Bold to Dr. W. F. McXutt a short time be
fore I left for Europe, and at that time
all of my financial interest in the Pacific
Medical Journal ceased.
"If Dr. Laine wishes to inject person
alities Into this discussion I would have
him understand that his record Is not so
clear that he needs to court investigation.
He cringes to superiors and loves only
slaves, therefore ne does not love me.
"I say that Dr. Lalne did sign a note as
president of the college in favor of Dr.
Winslow Anderson for the sum of $1450.
That rote has been redeemed and is In
possession of the college, and the records
of the, college will show that he signed
such note on March 8, 1S99. Those records
are in my office and can be. seen by any one.
Again, Dr. Laine in my presence prom
ised to advance an equal amount of money
with Dr.- Anderson for the purchase of
land on which to erect a college building,
and this promise he never kept. It has al
ways been true that the very men who
are endeavoring now to Injure the college
are the men who were always ready to talk
and boss, but never ready to advance one
cent. They fought and lost. With bom
bastic dignity and pompous indignation
they resigned; then they whimper and cry
'.ike spoiled babies for a lost toy. . Those
men need nursing bottles and diapers yet.
"It seems rather strange that if I were
considered dishonest that I was elected,
without my own solicitation, a member
of the faculty of the College of-Physi
cians and Surgeons and later a member
of the, board of trustees, of whicji Dr.
Laine was presidert, which election must
be by ballot and must be unanimous. If
Dr. Laine did not vote for me I am glad
of It. I think my reputation in this com
munity for honesty is certainly equal. to
that of Dr. J. R. I.aine's. I owe no man
anything. I have accounted for every
cent of money belonging to this corpora
tion that has been placed In my keeping.
This is more than Dr. Laine has done.
"Among Dr. Laine'a feeble efforts in
various enterprises he has persistently at
tempted to make trouble between Dr. An
derson and myself. I have stood with Dr.
Anderson because -I believe more In the
man. I opposed Dr. Laine. I am glad of
it and proud of it. He may continue to
truckle to his superiors and lash into sub
mission those he presumes to control, but
he cannot vent his spleen nor pour his
venom upon me without receiving in re
turn equally as much as he gives.
"D. A. HODGHEAD"
It might have been expected that Dr.
Winslow Anderson would not lose an op
portunity toVreply to the very serious al
i legations made against his personal and
professional character by Dr.. Laine. Dr.
Anderson has sent to The Call a com
munication in which he arraigns Dr. Lalne
on a series of accusations ranging in gen
uine interest from falsehood to grog and
pipe dreams. Dr. Anderson's communica
tion la as follows:
Anderson Believes Lalne Uses Grog
or a Pipe.
"SAN FRANCISCO, Dec I, 1900.
"To the editor of. The Call— Sir: "I am
sorry to trespass upon your space, but it
: becomes my duty to thv College of Physi
cians and Surgeons as well as to myself
to correct certain statements you make
. in your issue of December 8. You state
'that students are said to have been given
examination questions In advance.' This
statement is not true. 'During the exam
: inations last June It was rumored that the.
questions prepared by one chair had been
stolen. Prompted by the feeling that such
a thing might occur In any school, and in
i order that there should be < no . unfairness
whatever, a - re-examination • was , ordered
and, held. .The following quotations from
the minutes of the faculties at a meeting
held June 27,. 1900, will explain. the .mat
ter fully: 'It appearing that questions for
Reputations of tie Learned
Foes Are Flying in the
Air of Cor.fl ct;
Dr. Hodghead, Enters
the Field With Grave
Charg s.
Anderson Replies
Bitterly ta
L3»1116i
PHYSICIANS'
WAR AGAIN
IS RAGING
Coroner's Jury Accuses the Physician of Caus
: ing Annie Giddings' Death.
DR. O'DONNELL MUST ANSWER
TO THE CHARGE OF MURDER
¦:
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
...AT THE...
"NO-PEBCENTAOE,"
Tuesday,"?'
Our Christmas Gift Day.
"We oresent free to our patrons on the
above date an elesrant doll. 13 lnebe* long,
real kid body, genuine blso head, with
every purchase of 50c or over.
SEE THE DOLLS IN OUR SHOW
WINDOW.
EVEnYBODY WELCOME.
iiQpmm®
ABOUT HEART DISEASE.
¦Binety Per Cent of It Beally Caused
From Poor Digestion.
Real organic heart trouble is incurable,
but pcarcely one case in a hundred is
The action of the heart and stomach are
both controlled by the sam<? great nerves,
the- Fvra pathetic and pneumogastric. and
wh^n'the Blomach *ails to properly digest
the food and it lies in the stomach fer-
rnfntir.e gases are formed which distend
th<i oriran, causing pressure on the heart
and lunss causing palpitation lrregular-
Ity and shortness of breath. ....
Th*> dancer from this condition is that
the continued disturbance of the heart
Booner or later may cause real organic
heart trouble, and In fact frequently
does eo. , ..
Furthermore, poor digestion makes the
blood thin end watery and deficient in red
corpuscles, and th.s further irritates and
weakens the heart.
The most sensible thing- to do for heart
trouble is to Insure the digestion and as-
similation of the food.
This can be done by the regular use
after meals of some safe, pleasant and
»ffective digestive preparation HKe
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which may
W- found at most drug stores and which
'••¦ntain the necessary digestive elements
la .1 pleasant, convenient form. -
Thcusards of people keep well and vig-
orous by keeping their digestion perfect
by observing the rule of taking one or
two of these tablets after each meal, or at
If nst after each hearty meal.
Stuart's Dvspopsla Tablets contain IS.
P. jifpsin, diastase from malt and other
natural digestives which act only on the
food, digesting it perfectly and preventing
.'i'idily, gases and many diseased condi-
tions which accompany a weak fitomach.
When Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets aro
iifctd you may know you are not taking
>4"'i the F\>tem any strong/ medicine or
X^v.-c-rfu! drug, but simply the natural di-
P'rtive elements which every weak stom-
ii<h larks.
So widely known and popular have these
tablets become that they are now sold in
the United States, Canada and Great
I'.rltaffl,DENVER, Dec. 8.— Harry Vardon of
England, world's champion golf player,
defeated three opponents at 'the Overland
links to-day. He played against the best
ball of James Russell, Frank; L. Wood
ward and Walter Fairbanks,- winning: by
a score of three up.' The game was for
thirty-six holes. A large crowd of Denver
society people witnessed the game, ¦••Jn
which Vardon made a number, of remark
able play*. • - ,: i • ¦ • .
Victory for Vardon.
fornia Heiress.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8,-Mrs. Francis Bur
ton Harrison, who was ; Mary Crocker, a
California helreps, has purchased tho
houne at 876 Fifth avenue from William
Hall's sons, paying $315,000. The dwelling
has not yet been finished.. It is bIx stories
high, 27.5 feet wide and entirely fireproof
A feature of ita construction is a fireproof
staircase running from the cellar to the
top floor, which has a fireproof passage
connecting with the street. There is aloo
an electric elevator in the house. ..
MRS. BURTON HARRISON
BUYS HANDSOME HOME
Building Now in Course of Construc
tion Becomes Property of Cali-
The openlrtg game of the California
Midwinter Baseball League will take
place to-day at Recreation Park, Eighth
and Harrison streets. The game will be
called at 2 o'clock. The services of Um
pire Jack O'Connell have been secured
and he will make his reappearance on
this occasion. Four clubs comprise the
organization, the Koenigs, the Golden
Gates, the Alamedas and the Nobles. The
clubs are composed of the strongest seml
firofesslonal and professional players now
n the bay counties, and Judging by their
past contests should put up close and ex
citing games.
To-day's game will be between the
Koenigs and the Qolden Gates, and the
teams will line up as follows:
Koenlcs. Position. . Golden Gates, i
Perrlne Pitcher McMenomy
Keegan ..Catcher ....: Peralta
Knell Virn bas«..... Carroll
Collins E^ 30 '}' 1 base.:.........scanlan
Bodie Third base Kane
Delrnas Phortdtop ..Sylvn
McGoe... .....Center field.. Moskiman
Morrison Right field Aden
Brockhoff Left field Drennan
Take Place Tc-Day nt Recrea
tion Grounds.
First Game of the New League Will
OPENING OF AMATEUR
BASEBALL SEASON
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., Dec. 8.— Ex-Open
Golf Champion Willie Smith and David
Bell and Arthur Rlgby, professional golf
players of national reputation, arrived
here last night en route to California,
where they will play a number of exhi
bition games at different points during
the winter. They visited the locaigolf
links to-day and played nine holes to ac
custom themselves to sand greens, which
they had never before seen and which are
universal In California. They took read
ily to the innovation. They expressed
themselves as highly pleased with the
links and the lay of the grounds, which
they found in excellent condition. After
taking a few baths they will play while
here a series of exhibition games and
leave for the West about January 1.
Rigby Now at Hot
Springs.
Willie Smith, David Bell and Arthur
GOLF EXPERTS TO
VISIT CALIFORNIA
New Orleans.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— This was get
tway day at Bennings. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— VeJasrjuez ¦won,
rJiarnpy Stcne feend. Hopbrook third. Time,
1:12. /
Five furlongs, purse — Protege won, Timothy
Foley eecond, J. J. Corbett third. Time,
1:00 2-5.
Two an4 a half miles, handicap, steeple^
ches*— Old Tank won. The Lost Chord second,
lirpsxh of I'roznfre third. Time. 5:23.
Thre<» miles. th<? Maximum, purse — Rochester
won. First Whip pecor.d, Oneck Queen third.
Time. E:41.
Sev^n furlongs, nasdlca.p. purs»— Alsike Tcon,
t^xington Pirate second, Fadie S third. Time.
1:33 1-5.
Mile and 300 yarfis, selling— E»au Ideal won,
Khkuood f^cend, Laticewood thinl. Time,
1:M.
NEK ORLEANS, Dec. E.— Weather fine,
track slow. Results:
Mile, selling— Heroics won. Belle Simpson
second, Tom Gllmore third. Time, 1:45.
Kix furlongs— Sarkatuck won. Midsummer
•eroTMj, Moroni third. Time. 1:16.
. Mile, selling— Frank McCor.nell -won. Hoods
Erlrade wcond. Fre* Hand third. Time, 1:44.
Mile bt.& a sixteenth. Palmetto handicap —
Knlpht Banneret won. Ftraneest eecond. Sir
GaUan third. Time. 1 :IA.
Fix and a half turloses— Gf^iryle won, Jim
Cocmjr secrnd, Hardly ihlrd. Time, 1:CV-;.
Fix furlor-ps, — Oraclus won. Gray
r>r,;:<* second. Soorpolette third. Time. 1:17.
Results of Baces at Bennings and
ON ZASTEBN TRACKS.
In an interview at the track yesterday
Thomas H. William Jr. said that if the
newspaper accounts of Tod Sloan's case
are authentic the jockey will be accorded
no privileges and will not be allowed to
ride at Oakland track. The president of
the track over the bay opines that rulings
of reputable turf associations should be
respected the world over, but that no In
justice shall be done Sloan will cable the
English racing stewards for full particu
lars.
politician and turfman of Butte. Mon
tana, was a spectator at the track. Mr.
Flnlen Is on his way home after an ex
tended tour of the continent.
Track N"otes.
Patsy Freeman, an American rider,
lately. of France, arrived here last even-
Ing, accompanied by; his wife. Patsy has
acquired such < a pronounced foreign ac
cent that his old friend "Wash" Norvell
was ¦ compelled . to ; call in '. the services of
an Interpreter.' v " ";
Miles Flnlen, a well known mining man,
Barney Sohreiber had only time to keep
about 51500. Hoffman & Co.. Fred Pesch
and the balance of the "layers" were al
most as well ahead on the afternoon's
play.
For some reason everybody and every
body's friend seemed to think Gold Or, the
big sprinter from the stable of Brown &
Liger. unbeatable for the first event, a
five and a half furlong scramble. Gibral
tar was in. but this fact seemed to cut no
figure. Gold Or had his price hammered
down to 9 to 10, with the smart ones all
"down." When a start was finally ac
complished the favorite seemed tangled
up, permitting Abba L. and Frank Bell to
sneak away in front. * Into the stretch
Gibraltar had taken command, but he
suddenly became stricken with a feeling
of ennui. Then O'Connor came rushing
along en the 20 to 1 shot May Gertrude,
and with only two or three pounds and a
gulp left beat Gold Or a length In 1:07.
The latter horse downed a big field over
the same distance only a few days before
with ten pounds more In the saddle In
lwA which did not give the race a pol
ished look. As a result the judges called
for the sheets, and for the time being the
stable of Brown & Licer and Jockey
Wtdderstrand stand suspended, pending
further- investigation.
Anothr surprise was In store for the
crowd. Walter Jennings' crack two-year
cld Canmore, carrying Mounce and 9S
pounds In the saddle, was backed for all
colors of coin to take the Emeryville
handicap at a mile and failed. His rider
was unfortunate in getting away from tho
post none too quickly and had to take
the "overland", route from start to finish.
As a natural sequence Dominlck with the
leg up on the new scholar,' Tayon a 105
pounder. passed Prejudice In the stretch
and ridden along finished a length before
the two-year-old favorite In 1:39%. Havl
land ran third.
In the spcond recital, for which Bessie
I.ee closed favorite, L»st Girl, a 12 to 1
shot, ridden by Turner, turned up winner,
ilaud Ferguson led to within a few yarda
of the wire when she was collared and
beaten a neck.
The sprint over six furlongs for two
year-olds had a most open look and there
was no pronounced choice In the ring.
Jim Hale, a 7 to 1 shot, slipped away from
his company as soon as the polls were
open and was never "troubled much to
score at the end ty a length. Bard of
Avon. In a drive, led Bab out less than
a length for the place."
With his owner, Sam Hildreth,. spread-
Ing his coin about on Specific and Joe
Ullman following suit Vulcaln won the
mile and a sixteenth run all the- way.
Hard as O'Connor rode Specific Hlldreth's
horse held him safe; reaching the wire a
length In front In .. 1:4514— coast record time
for the distance.
All hands backed Dr. Bernays to do the
trick in the closing chapter of Bad fatal
ities—a mile and a furlong, run. In one
of the most desperata finishes of the day
Dominlck astride Campus led the favorite
over the line a nose. The distance was
covered In 1:52, which is also a coast rec
ord for the - distance. El Mido ran a
hangup * third. .
AFTER nursing the balls along the
rail ¦ and executing 1 a few clever
around-the- world shots, the book
makers finally got the ivories
nicely nestled and ran the game
out on the talent at Oakland yesterday.
There was a huge matinee crowd present,
ami the history of Its mishaps and mis
takes v.-ould take volumes to tell. To be
brief, six natty looking favorites were
hypnotized and the ring retired with the
coin. George Rose modestly admitted to
winning J0OC. Fred Cook, the St. Louis
penciler, laid away $;MX>O f and Mitchell &
Driscoll wero close up with $1000. Johnny
Coleman was Induced to practically hold
out Specitic, thus quitting $2200 to the
good. Down on the "dead line" Tony
Cook of Cook & Hoffman carted away
$2000, and "Conductor" McManus, a few
doors above, rang up J2500. "Bill" Jack
man, who as a rule is on the lookout for
a chance to bump the two choices, was
$1000 winner. Joe Harlan qulet!y laid away
$2000, and "Jim" Davis, the polished Sac
ramento man, beat 'em to the tune of
By f. e. iwixjaiiiiOijijAisrnD.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
¦, ' . — . , .,
8.—Weather fine. Track fast.
14BO. FIRST RACE—Five and a half furlongs; all ages; purse. $350. t
r nA , T Po. -rS '¦ i Betting »
Znacx H °»c and Weight. P$t St. \j. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Ht.' Cl. PL
(US Ma £ Orrtr"<*«. 3-109 * "» si Tl Ti Tl O-ConnoTTT 8 20 15 S
\ui r?h ¦° r ' 3 11T 5i 4 H 68" 32 2h Weddersfd 1 «-5 •-!<» 1-5
1446 pic"! *£',? ••'—•U« 3 3 S3 11 12 3 6 Coburn 1 3-2 3-2 8-10
LI! J? h nk t H «»»1M » 5 3n 3n 4 3 4 10 Mounce .... 6 15 9 2
i Th* \ 2 8S C l 11 2 1 B« 5 1 Brodien .... 100 200 200 60
'"• Let!g*_. ? 97 16 6 6 6 8 J. Daly 60 200 200 40
""¦H-E^?" 16 ' t :1J.: 7 '16 ' :42K: 5'4f. 1:07. Poor start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
"', h' r; i\ c- ch. f. by El Rio Rey-Sylvla. May Gertrude belongs with the flow
ers mat bloom in the spring. Gold Or away left foot first. Gibraltar stopped when the high
ring soon-
H57. SECOND RACE—Six furlongs; selling; mares; three-year-olds and up; purse. »300.
Index "onse and Weight, l'st St. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. HK °C1. PI.'
}„% h os * Girl, 6...:.. 119 12 1 6~2 Ti Th In X. Turn"e7T 6 12 W 3
<<na\ « Ud F, ersuson, 4.119 11 2 In In 1^21 O'Connor... 5-2 3 5-2 4-5
<990) Monrovia, a 112 7 3 31 3»4 2Vi 32 Coburn 4 5 5 8-5
wii £ e ?f le ~ Lee> 5 ll9 4 B 7 H 4 1 5 1 4% Meunco .... 8-5 9-5 8-5 7-10
1431 Delia Connors, 4..112 9 6 8 4 7 2, 6 i 54 Matthews .. 30 100 100 40
}"' / uva. 4 112 2 1 2 H 214 4 1 6% E.Jones.... 15 30 30 12
lill • k°ulse Hooker. 5.112 37 41 81 82 72 Tullett 50 1D0 100 '40
iila jTlnk ' T^'nh. 6.119 10 9 102 9! 8 8 9 10 Fogg 50 100 100 40
l,m anken. 4 112 6 10 9 H 10 8 10 8 10 10 E. Flynn... 30 100 100 45
in-a !?i va. n Lass ' 4 '"112 J ll n n " " J.-Woods.... 30 100 100 40
10.9 Alleviate. 5 112 g * • ... Domlnlck ..577 t
£vE£ljftatJ*i*i **' :49[i: **• 1:14H- Fair start except Alleviate. Won cleverly. Second and
"lira driving. Winner, E. Q. McConnell's ch. m. by Sobrante-Nellie K. O'Connor on Maud
i-ergrueon eased up and was beaten for his pains. Monrovia all out. Mounce on Bessie Lee
JTjJJJj^^ojPjjyj^^^ 112. 'Left.
14S8. THIRD RACE—Six furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. t400. ¦
Xu!2I!l and Welght- p^ st- *• Ptr- Fln- Jockeys. ' Op. h" ° CL PK
(}™> -Tim Hale 99 6 1 1 l\i 1 1 12 1 1 Martin ~ ~~6 8^ 1 si
\ja, S a E d of Avon....101 42 33 38 31 !^ Coburn 3 5 5 2
}*** ?ab 101 7 6 62 45 4 4. 3 % J. Miller.... 3 16-5 3 '1
J**JS Andrattus 86 2 42n 22 24 4 10 Domlnlck .. 5 7-2 7-2 8-5
1442 I Satin Coat 9S 3 5 7 7 5 1 5 1 Mounce .... 4 9-! 9-2 2
.... Uef Prince 96 5 1 4H SH 7 6 3 J.Daly 4 12 8 4
1444 Homage 103 17 «H 61- 61 7 O'Connor... 6 8 8 5-3
Time—^i. :24«,4: H. :4SM; *i, 1:13%. Bad start. AVon cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner, V\ . I,. BtanfieM's b. g. by Imp. Plccolo-Rlllette. Winner appears to be on© of the right
sort, with speed to burn. Bard of Avon ran short a verse. Bab away poorly, but ran a
clinking good race. Andrattus a bit shy. Lief Prince away poorly. Satin Coat sore. Hom
age off poorly.
!-*.¦»>. FOURTH RACE—One mile; ail ages; Em-ryvill© Handicap; purse. I1C0O.
'. J; rV " f Betting ¦¦ ¦
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. hi. H. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
Tayon, 3 106 84 2h 22 In 11 Domlnick .. 6 ' 10 10 3
<im> Canmore. 2 98 5 6 6 fl 6 2 1H Mounce 1 3-! 13-10 1-2
1439 Havlland, 3 *1 43 Sh 58 21 31 Matthews 8 15 15 4
(H27) Pat MorriFsey. 6..1W 2 1 4 h 3 h 5 1 4 1 O'Connor ... 6 12 12 3
1411 The Kn-tter. 4....111 35 61 4h 3h 55 Coburn 4 4 14-5 9-10
1436 PreJudlce^j^.^lC;!! 2 11 In 4h 6 J. Martin... 5 7 6 8
Time—M. :23: H. :49; »i. l:14Vi: mile. 1:39%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
fred Cook's b. c. by Klzzak-Caroline Hamilton. Tayon caught the trade winds and blew
in. Canmore had to take the northwest passage, encountering many insurmountable Ice
bergs. This ruined him. Matthews on Havlland tried to butt the center for a touchdown
and nearly went over the fence. Scratched —Andrisa 111. Grafter 80.
l-««i<>. FIFTH RACE—Mile and a sixteenth; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
PoT " ~ , ¦ Betting
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St. M. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Od. HI. Cl. PL
1447 Vulcaln. 3 106 65 12 1^12 11 Coburn 2 8^ 3 4^5
(1443) Specific. 3 106 23 28 24 21 24 O'Connor ... 1 • 6-5 7-10 —
1<43 Flush of Gold, 3..104 34 3h 32 iti 3 4 J. Woods.... '4 6 6 1
1426 Snips. 5 ,...107 56 44 42 44 43 Mounce .... 10 15 15 5-2
1437 Torslda, 5 112 4 2 5 6 6 10 6 12 5 12 K. Turner... 8 25 20 6
1435 Dr. Marks. 5 1021 116 6 6 6 Redfem .... 100 400 400 100
Time—1-16. :C€>4; 6-16. :30H: 9-16. :55>i: 13-16. 1.20; mile. 1:39)4; 1 1-lGm. l:45Vi. Good Mart.
Won first three driving. Winner, S. C. HUdrtth's ch. c. by Kingston-ArrowgrasB. Vulcain
pricked his ears at nothing but atmosphere and this suited him. O'Connor's gnyety didn't
help chances of Specific. Too fast for the chcrus.
14O1. SIXTH RACE —Mile and an eighth; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
[Po.j , Betting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst [St. >4. H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. CL PL
1434 Campus. 4 105 2 1 32 2h 21 Ins Domlnick ..2 8 3 1
fl«9) Dr. Bet-nays, 5...106 36 41 41 44 2h O'Connor ... 1 13-5 1-4
1449 El Mido, 4 102 12 2h 32 31 33 Coburn 5 6 6 7-5
1447 Grand Raohem. 5.102 6 4 14 12 1^412 Ix>gue 8 20 20 4,
1440 Imp. Mistral 11,6.111 5 5 6 6 6 5 2 Fallehy ?0 30 80 10
1333 Sunello, 3 97 43 5h 5h 52 6 J. Walsh.... 13 15 15 4
Time—V4, :12\: %, :36^; H. 1:01*;; mile. 1:39%; l^m, 1:52. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner. Fred Cook's b. h. by Kingston-Startle. Dominlck on Campus moved a
bit too soon for O'Connor. At that it was a close shave and the Doctor only lost by a
whisker on the wire. El Mldo ran to form. Sur.ello short. Scratched—Koenig 102.
The Chiro team was tendered a recep
tion at the State Normal School to-night.
BAN JOSE. Dee. 8.— With the din of
liorns and megaphones and cheered by
600 of their happy co-eds, the San Jose
State Normal School football eleven
ecored a victory over the Chico Normal at
Cyclers Park this afternoon. The score
%eas 12 to 0. It was the best game ever
•witnessed here. Nearly 2000 persons were
present.. The superior weight and force
of the San Jcseans won the game. The
defensive work of the visitors 'was mag
r.iflcenl. The two touchdowns — scored
cne in each half— were the result of hard,
Mrong football, lleese and Heston of
San Jose and "Waste and Mathewe of
Chico distinguished themselves. Sosler of
Chico Bpralsed bis ankle and was com
pelled to retire. The line-up was as fol
lows :
Ban Jose. Positions. Chico.
Martin I>?rt end Campbell
Cuthberwon i*?Tt tackle Birch
B«!t lrfft euard Mallon, Hosier
Carter Center Hicks
Ga*per Papht fruard U. liickb
P yl via Klpht tackle Helphlnste'.ne
Reed Rii;ht end.. — Helphinsteine
Matthews RlfflU half Matthews
Heston Veil half ZumwaJt
M«»» «eapt.) Q-JBrter Chester
I'eJmer I^uilback \V«iste (ca.pt.)
F??^iaJ D!Fi>atch to The Call,
Cbico Normal School Foot
ball Eleven Beaten in
Exciting Game.
VICTORY FOR
SAN JOSE TEAM
.i*:i nuoicr n ri. «
English Setters— Be«t English setter in the
6how. H. L. O'Brien's Victor L. Best pup. J.
McCormark's Rondo. Best In novice class.
Mrs. C. E. Hahn's Duke. Best pair, W". 8.
Child's Iroquols Miss and Victoria Belle.
Cocker spaniels — Best California bred red
cocker, E. C. Plume's Plumerla Fancy. Beat
California bred pup any color, Mrs." W. C. Ral
ston's P.ed Royal. Best pair. H. A. Wegener's
ch. Polly Partlme and Xxigget. Best cocker
owned in Oakland, Mrs. T. Brown's Lucky.
Best black cocker in novice class, best owned
by a lady and best owned In Alameda County,
Mrs. W. C. Ralston's Lady Babbie. Best ken
nel of not less than four, H. A. Wegener. Be*t
kennel of not Iers than four, other than black,
E. C Plume. Best champion cocker dog, H.
A. Wegener's ch. Havoc. Best eocker in nov
ice class. Mrs. W. C. RalEton's Lady Babble.
Collies — Best kennel of not less than four and
best pair (dogr and bitch). O. J. Albee. Best
dog. any color. O. J. Albee's ch. Ormeklrke
Emerald. Best sab!« and white pup, C. C.
Wilkinson's Vendome. Best collie. In any
color, open class, Ceorg* Martin's Laddie. Best
tri-colored collie. Dr. A. J. Mclntonh's Glen
era. Best In novice claxs, C. C. Wilkinson's
Vendome. Best pair. F. A. Rowsell. Best col
lie owned In Santa Cruz or Monterey counties,
George Martin's Laddie. Second best, Sam
Fly's Bob, son of Battle. Best tri-colored pup,
Stewart's Ian. Best pup, open class, in Santa
Crur. County. George Martin's Laddie.
Maltese terrier — Best In ehow, T. J. Roberts"
Whiskers.
Bull terriers— Best dog, Albert Joseph's
Bloomsbury Baron. Best in novice class. II.
H. Simpson's Newmarket Duke.- Best pup, R.
H. PkinnlnK's Bloomebury Boy. Best bitch, O
O. Haydenfeldt's Dottle.
Fox terriers— Best kennel of not legs than
four, P. Ward. Best dog, smooth or wire,
George Bell's Fordham. Best bitch and be*t
<S. C.) puppy. W. W. Moore's Vina Belle. Bet-t
wire-haired dos, Thornhill Kennels' Cambridge
Wire. Best fox terrier owned in Santa Cruz or
Monterey County. II. S. Fletcher's Jack. Best
pair, George Bell's Dictator and Kordham. Best
terrier owned In Alameda County. It. Ann
strong's Fernwood Briar. Best bitch owned In
Fanta Cruz County. II. S. Fletcher's Imp. Fan
nie.
Irish terriers— Best bitch. Mm. Bradley.
Dyne's Saanlch Doreen. Best dor, C. Courtney
Ford's Barney F. Best pair. Mn. Bradley.
Dyne's imp. Cardiff Warman and Eaanich Do
reen.
Bedllngton terriers— Bett kennel of not less
than three. \V. J. Redelshelmer. Best dog
Mr*. Redelshelmer. Best bitch. Mr». Red*ls
helmer's Herdwlck Mollle.
Japanese ppanielp— Beft flog, Mies Hatle's
Jap II. Beet bitch and best dog in show. Miss
Hatje' s Princess JaD.
Miscellaneous class — Best dosr, Dr W P
Hanworth's Kngllsh beagle Kelley W.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec. 8.
This was the last day of the combined
show of blooded stock at the exposition
building. It was as largely attended as
on the opening days and the management
greatly appreciates the interest which the
public has taken in its efforts to get
together such a variety of select bird?
and animals. The exhibition Is approved
not only as the largest that has ever
been given on the coast, but it has been
the best managed. There has not been 1
a hitch in the proceedings. The Judging
was got through with early, giving entire
satisfaction on that score and without the
suggestion of a protest. "
"We are altogether happy over the way
the breeders and the public have, come
forward in support of our show." said P.
i.. Mason, president of the Oakland Poul
try Association, under venose auspices It
was arranged. "There is no seliish inter
est in getting up a show gf this kind. It
Is mainly to give people who raise fine
stock a chance to show It off and com
pare It with that of others."
The llnal prizes were awarded to-day
when the following 1 dogs were given
special recognition:
President's cup given for the beet display col
lection or dojts all the property of one exhibitor
or kennel, won by Miss K. J. Hatje, Alameda.
Special prize .to the lady making the largest
nunibfr of entries, won by Miss Hatje.
Mastiff*— Silver cup for the beet kennel of
not less than four mastiffs. Miss Hatje.
Special for the best mastiff, for the best
mastiff owned by a lady and the best mastiff
owned in Alameda County, all won by Miss
Halje cf Alameda, with Ormonde.
Special for the best mastiff, bitch. Miss
Hatje's California Queen.
Great Danes— Iiest Great Dane, Dresser &
Simpson's Queen R. Best Great Dane bitch.
Dresser & Simpson's Queen R. Best Great
I>ane owned by a lady, Mrs. C. H. Klllsoa's
Duke K.
St. Bernard— Sliver cup for the best kennel
of not less than four. Miss T. B. Slelcken. Best
St. Bernard, best St. Bernard owned by a lady,
best Pacific Coast bred St. Bernard and best
St. Bernard In champion clasp, won by C. G.
Sazo's Ch. King Menelek. Best St. Bernard
pup owned by a gentleman, Prineens x>t Solano,
owned by Dr. D. G. Vopelman. Best St. Ber
nard pup owned by a lady and best St. Ber
nard pup owned In Alameda County, owned
by Mrs. Sea Slckel'8 Pride S. Beat St. Ber
nard bitch in champion class, won by C. A.
Smart's ¦ Ch. I'rincers Scheherazade. Beet
*mooth-ooated St. Bernard, E. D. Connolley's
General B. Second best smooth-coated St. Ber
nard. Dr. D. G. Vopelman's Princess of Solano.
Foxhounds — Best Callfornla-bred foxhound
and best foxhound in the show, Cblusa Ken
nelV Guy. ¦-
Pointers — Beet pointer bitch in the chow, S.
Display of Pedigreed Ani
mals Best Ever Seen
on Coast.
CLOSING DAY OF
OAKLAND'S SHOW
The new captain of the Berkeley eleven
has tr.ken part in all forms of college ath
letics. He was recently appointed custo
dian of the famous Stanford ax, to suc
•ceed Will P. Drum, the sprinter. Smith
is a member of the Sigma Xu Fraternity.
He is popular at college among*all classes.
Womble. probably the proatrst rnd that
has ever played on a California farn, has
the additional qualification of being a
•rood football cenera!. As= Held cniitaiti of
the varsity tram during t!i<* paf=t season |
he handled the eleven 5n a way that won j
h'.m much rr»ipe. But for three years j
Ernith has been the hero of the team. He j
lias paired more ground in interrollOBiate j
matches than nny other mar. on the Cali
fornia team, and his p<n«ona! popularity
li&s kept p.-ic*> with hi* football fame.
Smith is the ackr.owI/vJs^d b«?st right
fcfelf on the roust. Up is now in his junior
year and has played that position since
his freshman tay?. He played in the
freshman 44-9 same wiTh Stanford. Twice
he helped Cnlitornia win great victories (
from the Pidn Alto varsity cloven, or.ee
in the 2-0 came and agiln in the Zi-0
fsrtie.. Smith played a splendid gam« on i
last Thar.lisKivinp day. when Berkeley !
was defected. j
"King" Kelly hfls paid that Smtth Is the
#qual of any halfback on the gridiron to
«!ay. Toward th«* close of the season Just
er.fied Smith becaroe overtrained and lost j
•weight to a degree that he was not up to
Ms usual form in the Thanksgiving game,
but in spite of that he failed but few
mines to mnke substantial pains through
Ihe Stanford line. I
BERKELEY. Dre. S.-Wnrren W.
Smith, known to football fame as
"Locomotive" Smith, was elected
captain cf the University of Cali
fornia football team to-day. The
election was held at tho California Hotel.
In 8an Francisco.
The choice between Smith and Lloyd A. |
Womble for the captaincy was very close, j
The ballot Flood six to four in Smith's J
favor. Only members of this year's first (
«-leven voted. i
Chosen to Lead the Varsity Football Team
Defeating Lloyd A. Womble.
"LOCOMOTIVE" SMITH IS ELECTED
CAPTAIN OF CALIFORNIA ELEVEN
All matters pertaining to thei construc
tion of the new boat will be open at all
times to any one interested. In order to
build the new boat. Mr. Lawley will have
to sublet one" of his Government contracts,
and in case he Is unable to do so, the boat
will be built by the Fore River Engine
Company of Quincy Point.
BOSTON, Dec. S.-After a "conference
with Boston designers, Boston builders
and a number of representative Boston
yachtsmen, Thomas W. Lawson, the well
known financier and horse fancier of this
city, announced to-night that he would
personally stand the expense of building
another yacht to compete for the honor of
defending the America's cup against Sir
Thomas Upton's Shamrock II.
The new yacht, according to Mr. Law
son, will be designed by B. B. Crownln
shield of this city, who has already had
much success with smaller boats, while
George Lawley of South Boston, the
builder of the former cup defenders Puri
tan and Mayflower and the outfitter of
still another, the Volunteer, will probably
construct the new boat. It is expected
that Captain Xat Watson, one of the best
skippers in the East, will act as galling
master, and Mr. Lawson also states that
an opportunity will be given to a number
of Corinthian yachtsmen to assist in
working the boat as part of her crew.
Decides to Build a Yacht to
Compete With Sham-
T*OP K 11
LAWSON WANTS
TRY AT THE CUP
Form players picked more than their
share of winners In the run-down of the
big open stake at Union Coursing Park
yesterday. In all fourteen of the selec
tions of the wise ones were despoiled of
further chance In the struggle for final
honors, though in nearly every instance
the short end won at slight odds, the total
of theso upsets averaging at 2 to 1.
Pajo Alto disposed of his half-brother
Risky Attempt In good style. He seems
in shape to go through the stake, that is,
if he beeps up his work there is nothing
on the card to stop him. Following are
the day's results, with Judge John Grace's
official scores: ¦ ¦ ¦
Open stake: Klret round— E. Geary's Amer
ica beat E. M. Kellogg 1 * Iowa Hoy. 6-4; H. A.
Deckelman's Lawrence beat D. J. Healy'a
Tapioca, 10-3: E. M. Kellogg" s Kid McCoy beat
I>. J. Henley's Crania, 7-6; Sterl & Knowles"
Sleety Mist beat J. Keenan's L.undin -Links,
U-5; A. Vanderwhlte'B Lear King beat J.
Dean's Warco, 7-5; P. Jackson's Golden Kusset
beat J. Trade's Old Glory. 7-3; Russell &
Allen's Wedding Bells beat George McDougal's
Colonel Lopez, 3-1; Curtis & Sons" X a re Ik. sum
beat O. Zahl's Miss Allen, 10-12; E. Geary's
Palo Alto beat»PaEha Krnnels' Risky Attempt,
9-2: C. O. Petereon's Silver Cloud beat G.
Nethercotfs Ruby R, 2-0; Curtis & Sons' Mc-
Kinley beat J. ¥. Thrift's Sir Hufrhie, 16-7:
R. 1.. Taylor's Moee beat J. Hurley'* O K
Capitol, 6-2; J. Carroll's Red Hind b«su Lurkey
& Rock's Ladles' Choice, 9-6; Curtis & Sons'
Warpath beat W. Howard's Sidney Lucas, lt-0;
Alaher & Reid's Uncle Fullerbeat Pasha Ken
nels' KecordlDST Angel, 6-4; Sterl & Knowles'
For Glory beat J. H. Perigo's Controller, S-4;
Curtis & Sons' Echo b»-at Russell & Allen's
Belle Claire,. 12-10; Curtis & Sons' Shadow beat
J. Smith's Bonny Boy. 12-B; P. McCabe's Craig
Boy beat George Whitney's Theron. • 3-2; J.
"McCarthy's John Doe beat George Sharman's
Bowery Boy. 7-3; II. I* Taylor's Beauty Spot
beat J. L. Ross' J L R. 23-8; C_O. Peterson's
Half Moon beat H. H. Walker's Cor* Pearl,
7-1; T. W. Bartelp' Mac's Melody beat J.
Mcriarlty's Klttleman, 4-3; T. J. Cronln's Vixen
beat Sullivan & Trainer's My Selection; 10-1;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Werlbee beat H. Lynch' b
Game Cock, 5-0; Captain CUrkson's Golden
Garter beat Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured. 9-5;
H. ' A. Deckelman's Rocker beat J. B. Hos
klng> Kin*,- Cashier. 5-1; Curtis^dfe Sons' Cash
beat J. Mumane's Wild Wave. 14-11; F. Jones.'
Harlean Gladys beat Chiarlni Bros.' Brass But
ton, 6-4; J. Keenan's Sleigh Bells beat
L. F. Bartels' Beer \ Brewer, 5-4: George
Nethercott's Floodgate beat T. . J. Cron
ln's Daley Dale, 24-2; Pasha Kennels'
Fiery Fac* beat L. F. Bartels' Temple. 16-2;
D. J. Healey's Lady Claire beat Captain Clark
son's Headwater, 22-4; C. Bonar's Wild Nora
beat Captain Cane's Greenhall, 14-3; Pasha
Kennels' Rude Awakening beat B. Sllva's R6-
Annex. 19-8; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete
beat Jeff Martinett's Slim, 8-6; Lande & Ger
ber's Concord beat Russell & Allen's Lord Art
foot. 15-4; Curtis & Son's Anchor beat A. Bu
ker's Kanaka, 14-1; L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain
a bye; Curtis & Sons' War Eagle beat J. Mo
riarity's Jlmmle Anthony. 13-9; Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs beat R. E. de B. Lopez' s "VVar
rlgal. 6-3; Thomas McCool's Fin McCool beat
P. MftCabe's Fair LKllo. S-6; J. Carroll'H Auck
; land beat H. Lyneh's Lyddite, 5-4; J. H. Perl-
I po's Lady Davenport beat T. J. Cronln's Van
dal, 7-5; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat J,
Hurley's Hurricane, 6-0; Pasha Kennels' Ri-
I val's Answer beat F. A. McComb's Bona Fide.
6-2; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael beat Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Anne. 8-6; P. Doyle's Thelma beat
J. Hamilton's "Headlight, 1S-0; J. Kennedy's
Ever Sure beat R. E. de B. Lopez' w Warrigo.
4-1; Kay Bros.' Hawker beat Chlarini Bros.'
Santonin. 8-5; J. Smith's Master Workman
beat J. Moriarlty's Snapper Garrison. 3-2: J.
Holden'n Scottish Chief beat R. K. de B. Lo
pez's Warden. 10-2; H. Lynch's Emma M beat
Chlarini Bros.' Bunco Bill. 10-6; H. A. Deckel
man's Master Rocket beat Rupsell & Allen's
Scotland Yet. 12-9; George Sharrr.an's Miss Sky
rocket beat J. II. McNeil's Cora Mac, 10-2: F.
! A. MrOVmh's Little Sister beat J. Dean's Gal
lant. 12-5; T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee beat G.
Lahusen's Fire Fly, 8-G; E. Geary's Ireland
beat Er^klne & Jones' Lavender. 6-3: E. M.
Kellog-R-'s Pweet Emma beat F. A. McComb's
Royal Flufh. 6-0; J. Sutton's Master Lawrence
beat P. Jackson's Honor Bright, 6-2; Erwln &
| Lyons" BUver Wings beat E. M. Kello^g's
• Ben's Babe. 5-0; J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat
j Curtis & Sons' Kibosh, 4-0; Pasha Kennels'
1 Random Aim a bye; 1). Toland's Pleasant Girl
| beat Payha Kennels' May llernpstead, 4-3.
Hounds of Record Are Bunched for
Honors in the Big Open
Stake at Union
. i Park.
Has Easy Coursing in the
Rundown and Shows
the Speed.
FAST PALO ALTO
LOOKS A WINKER
THE ¦;SA2T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 19OO.
ALL FAVORITES ARE BEATEN
AND BOOKIES MAKE A CLEAN-DP
Gold Or Downed by a 20 to 1 Shot and His
Stable Suspended— The Tale-
WARREN* W. SMITH, THE NEW
CAPTAIN OF CALIFORNIA
VARSITY FOOTBALL TEAM.
llfiOO.
Index
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT : FREE-TO MEN!~
A Most. Remarkable Remedy, That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write. ;
Free trial packages of a mest remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men 'vho had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute .has j decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer trom any. form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak lack,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles .hat come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 828 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that grea: class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free. sample w«U enable them
to see how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the "proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will -bo
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to writs with*,
out delay.
BADWAl'S READ* RKL1JSF has , tood
unrivaled befor« the public for 60 years a«a
Pain Remedy, it Instantly relieves and qulckw
*£??." ••" ODld«."sor. Throats. Influ"«VBSSJ
chitls. JPnwimonla. . KhtumatUm. < Neuralgia.
Headache, Toothacb* and all palai. Internally
tor Malaria and aU Bowel Palo*. All dru«g1*Ja,
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is sold by drug-
plsts at fifty cents for complete treat-
ment and as It contains no opiate or other
poisonous drugs may be used with entire
safety.
ICo one need suffer from piles in any
form, who will give this excellent prepar-
fctlon a trial
Mrs. Hinkley of Indianapolis was told
by her physician that nothing' but a surgi-
cal operation costing between seven and
eight hundred dollars could cure her, as
the had suffered fifteen years, yet even
la such a cose the Pyramid Pile Cure ac-
complished a complete cure. She says: "I
knew an operation would be death to me
end tried the Pyramid with very little
hope, bo Jt is not to be wondered at that
I am so enthusiastic in Its praise."
Mrs. X). E. Reed of Albany says: "I
would not take S500 and be placed back
where I was before I used the Pyramid
Pile Cure; I suffered for years and it Is
new eighteen months clnee I used it and
not the slightest trace of the trouble has
returned."
"I was a sufferer from pile* for years
until a brother salesman told me about
the Pyramid Pile Cure. It has entirely
cured rne and I cheerfully recommend it."
A gent!* man living in Cleveland relates
Us experience by saying: "If affords me
unusual pleasure to add my Indorsement
to what I consider a really wonderful pile
cure. -"¦"•'
The Pyramid Pile Cureallaysthe inflam-
mation and intolerable itching, reduces
the tumors, and by Us astringent prop-
erties causes the enlarged blood vessels
to contract to a healthy condition.
Hr.ndreds of people who had almost de-
cided to undergo an operation, bellevlnfj
r.othiiur else would cure them, have been
astonished to f.nd that a fifty-cent box of
the Pyramid was far safer, better and
more effective than an operation could
possibly be.
The Pyramid Pile Cure has been apleas-
ar.t surprise to thousands of sufferers, be-
cause of the Instant relief It gives and
the prompt cure which follows Its regular
ufc. and this Is done without the use of
opiates, cocaine, narcotics or poisons of
any kind, as careful analysis shows the
Pyramid Pile Cure to be wholly free
from any Injurious drug whatever.
Thoroughly Cures Every Form of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"prompt action
MONSTER COMBINATION
AUCTION SALE
REAL ESTATE
"Without Eeserve/' "No Ifs," "23"o
CJonflrmations by Any Court,"
"An Absolute* Sale,"
Wednesday, December 12, 1909
At 12 JL Sharp,
I WTLI. OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
Without Reserve r at
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL, ,
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Trustees of the\Estate
of EUGENE -KEL^ST of
Ne-w York,
Their entire real estate holdings In th* city
and county of San Francisco, comprising a list
or as choice property as ha» ever been offered
fit auction for the past twenty years. It Is
income producing, well rented and every piece
has a future, and with one exception it all faces
on accepted streets. The buildings en the Im-
proved property aro In first-class condition and
the best of repair. The.tenanta cculd bo no
better.
Remember, the sale is without re-
serve. No "ifs/'-no "subject to own-
ers' approval^" no "confirmation by
tha Probate Court" It is an absolute
Bale to the highest bidder for United
States gold coin.
Eemember, it is all corner property.
SANSOME AND 8ACRA3CBXTO STS.
' Land asseaaed for
10k re $14,000; Improvements
„ • • | assessed for $U.1jO; In-
i; ¦ ™ =• surance. $3>,S&0; pre-
ss S 2 mlum. *S3 05: north-
100 " § west corner or Saasoms
' and Sacramento streets.
Sacramento, The Improvements on
this property consist of a nrst-clas3 brick
building, renting for (320 per month: no lease.
SANSOME AND COMMERCIAL 8TS.
Land assessed for
Commercial. CO.25O: Improvements
13^ 1 g 1 assessed for 118.000: In-
5 surance, J17.50O; prem..
g * $115 50; southwest cor-
S 3 ner of Sansome and
g2-8 * Commercial streets.
* Thts Is a particularly
fine Investment. The building- Is stout and
pubstantlal, with extra heavy brick walls, built
to last a century. The total rents are $323 per
month. The store. 409 Sansome. rents for J.".');
the store, 413 and 41S Sansome. for }1E>. and the
upper part (the Coso House) for $11 j; no l«as*s.
MONTGOMERY AND SACRAMENTO STS.
.• Land assessed for
C Sacramento. J30.0CO; Improretnents
jfr jsri 1 assessed for $13.5CO; ln-
g surance. J20.CC0; prcm.,
« -, »» »35; southeast corner
o 'T "* of Montgomery and
c fs.a Bacramento streets.
* lii This corner was for-
merly occupied by the I>onohoe-Kelly Banklns
Coitip&ny. The Improvements consist of ona
of the most substantial flte-story brick bulld-
ln*rj In the city. Airlnza Hayward's magnifi-
cent ele-ven-story office bulldlnff 1» In the same
block, only 1J0 fe*t distant. The basement and
first etory are leased to July 1. 19C3. for $125
per month. The upper floors briny only th»
nominal rest of fUS. At a small exp*ndltur«
In modernlalny the upper part this rent could
be doubled.
FTLXiMORE.
137:8 137:8 I W. A. BLOCK K6.
E0-vara lot 1. assassad
for $10,80a
eo-vara lot 2. assessed
for j:ocol
5Ct E SO-vara lot 3, assessed
S 7* * "for $11,470.
"o n « SO-vara lot 4, assessed
for I11.C23.
50-vara lot 6. assessed
137 :« 137:« for IJtOO.
_ 60-vara lot 6. assessed
)£ . S for HO, 570.
£ 3 This block Is leased
B 6 C K -sj a whole to March 1.
£ ?? a rf I £ .^lgos. at t375 per month.
m a. m improvements belons
to the lessor and can
be removed by her
at the termination of
137:8 137:6 lease. If the block Is
not eold as a whole.
_>!_£. but In SO-vara subdl-
£$ 1 it 8 £> visions, the purchaser
m « at of each Srt-vara will t*
entitled to one-sixth of
the monthly rent of
the entire block during
137:8 137:8 the term of the lease.
irpiivrHH At the expiration of
WEBSTER. the lease purohftser
can enter Into posseBslon of tho land.
This block of land Is destined to becom* on*
o' the most valuable In the Western Addition,
fronting, as It does, on Fillraore and Turk
streets and being the most Important transfer
point north of Market street. It Is now nearly
entirely occupied for business purposes, and In
ten years will pay 4 per cent net on $320,000. It
Is one of the few remaining whole blocks la
the heart of the Western Addition, and Ua
possibilities are very great, eltner for business
purposes, pleasure rrounds or aa a church,
school or recreation center.
BEAI/E AND BRYANT ST9.
Land assessed for
— 13- -g 131.600; ¦ Improvements
i *, belong to tenant ; ncrth-
,-, S3 ? west corner of Beaie
K *• g, and Bryant streets.
,,».. .* Thts grand corner, con-
iii^ Bistlng of two 60-rara
Bryant. lots, nas the greatest
future of any property in San Francisco. Fac-
ing the water front, across the etreet from
the Santa Fe depot, and graded out of solid
reck it presents a chance for investment that
ii seldom offered at public or private sale.
There is a lease on the property expiring Feb-
ruary 1 19H. The rent up to February 1. 19C2.
Is $"00 per month, for the next five years 1IS9
ner month and for the balance of the term $300
! p>r month. During the life of this lease the
value of the property will increase at least at
the rate of 6 per cent per year, and more likely
at the rate ot 10 per cent.
FILLMORE. W. A. BXOCK 304.
f ¦ , „ . /„ ,-, Three 60-vara lots,
r;:C 27:6 27:« *7:8. .assessed for $31,600; Im-
provements assessed for
S S S S S SH 00 : the lots facing
g S o 5 S Eddy and 'Webster
J streets are most ad-
L vantageously situated
«» 127:8 1S7:8 «* I for residence purposes
S jg [either dwellings of
<a 1J7-0 137-g wi* 1 * 18 ' only ten
15 f minutes' r!de . from
5 — H Market and Powell
.• » 137:8 137:8 w (Streets, and In the 1m-
P g j mediate neighborhood
I B["5 — ii7 •« ' — i»7.ii — «i of Primary, grammar
SJ 137 ' 6 U7 - 6 5'» nd n| Kh schools. The
P * «;icts facing Fillmore
a » ,137:8 137:6 "?. i«tre«t are business
. i" si propositions, as tho
Ki" ..„ , — ¦ .„' jonly two business
C «?. U7:« 13. :6 "(streets in the Western
0'S_ _. Si Addition are FUlmora
"'iS 137 « 137-8 « «-"d Derlsadero. Land
„ «..» .<• -fronting on Fll'more
t: — — street in this location
"» 137:6 137:8 «ii«old 12 years ago for
S g'Jrco per front foot, ln-
side lots. Keep In mind
that the lots are oxtra
S a a S S wide, having 27:6 front.
so o g > g an a are especially
adapted to 3-flat dwell*
I2T 1 -' 17:8 27:8 27:8 27:6 ln * a - There Is a two-
1 " — ¦•"*':' tstory frame dwelling
WEBSTER. on the northwest cor-
ner of Eddy and Web-
iter streets, renting for $20 per month.
EPEAR- AND HOWARD BTS.
H °™ rt - >S fm'p^men?,
>1:8 ! OT belong to tenant; south-
j- r -, west corner of Hpear
H : "2 and Howard streets.
» « 5 This la a piece of prop-
91:3 ' erty that has b^en eag-
: — *rjy sought after, and
the owners have time and again been asked to
put a price on It. It Is In the heart of whnt
1« rapidly becoming tht wholesale district of th«
city. All the large real estate transactions ot
the past year have been in the vicinity, and
the surrounding property is now rumored to
belong to the Santa Fe or Southern Pacific
companies. Present rental, $S3 per moath: no
lease.
The water rates are all paid by the tenants
where not mentioned. Any further particulars
or Information will be gladly furnished at the
office of
B. P. OLIVER,
Xteal Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
114 Montgomery Street.
MONSTER COMBINATION -^
AUCTION SALE
Oae-Fourth Cash; Balanc* on Mort-
gage at 6 per cent,
Wednesday, Decemter 12, 1«8
AJfD
Thursday, December 13, I90O
At 12 O'clock Noon,
I "WTLL OPFEE AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
AT
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL.
223 Sutler Street,
By order of the Hoard of Directors of
THE HXBESNIA SAVTNOS A2TI>
LOA1T SOCIETY.
¦me ronowingr choice parcels of city realty. te»-
proved or.-l unimproved, and situate down town.
In the Western Addition and Mission districts.
BATTERT AND MERCHANT BTB.
—"~"~~~— — ~~~—~ _ Northwest eorne* of
jr Battery and Merchant. ¦
g *j This tin* corner wltl» a i
a-,. a 3 small ejrp«ndltur« can I
112 |q be rented for H50 pe» -*
Merchant. * month. The present lra-
prorem«jta aro a substantial three-story an<t
basement brick. Present rents, wlta ov«p half
the premises vacant. $1SO.
QOUGH ANT) FILBERT BTS.
I ~ Northaast corner pt
Ml^i Cough and Filbert sis. (
J* *; corner Improved wit!*
-,_ frame dwelling of two
I •?* flats; present rents {30.
Filbert.
FOtTRTEEXTH AXD STEVENSON STS.
*"|O> Northwest corner mt
jo Fourteenth and Steven-
eon Bts.', only 105 f««t
f|B east from Valencia st.j
1 3 In the heart of a crow- .
J2: I? Ing district. Aa awhol*
Fourteenth. or in subdivisions.
t ELIZABETH ST.. NEAR CASTRO.
- - -! Elizabeth at-. 105 fe*%
X. - *" * east from Castro; thr««
¦ choice bulldinir Jots.
$ ,- *. „ 'Will b« iold as & whoU
° ... Jj « i or In subdivisions.
loa i j
Elizabeth.
MARKET ST.
t< This la a piece trt
2 >rf property with a futur*.
« 3 The Improvements con-
§ elat of 12 flats, M33 to
tt 2XS:& 75. p% Mart* it, wilt-
__________„ Ins 'ot I1G5.
Market. *
TWENTIETH ST.. NEAR CASTROk "
Twentieth.
gL I gL / V ' ~ I s - «M. OH *U4
*»•-»•*»• 85. 4H5 Twentieth St.. bet.
Castro and Koe. Thesej
_ * three modern dwell-
S S S % inga of 8 room3 an<J
P • -° " bath each will bo told
separately. Each bous«
I 1 Is now rented for 129,
SHIPLEY BT., NEAR SIXTH.
Shipley.
•^ fcat. Fifth and Sixth:
jj Improvements consist
t; _. o* a front bulZiins of
-j « three stories and rear
of two stories; rents
J trt to.
MISSION ST.. NEAR OTNETEENTH.
Nineteenth,
: ; No. OH Mission rt. t S
.f^ bet. Nlnateeath and
c ; tJ Twentieth. Improv*-
Si' mrats. a rood fsro-
8 [ story fram* bu!!dlnx.
s,m 1228. consistlap of a stors
*- ""' tnd two flats; rents J53.
!•= —
TAl^ENCIA BT.
Fourteenth.
,f3 — "^ ~~~ East side of ValencI*.
«g St., 800 feet touth of
o x Fourteenth. "VV'U *•
S sold as a whola or In
"5 suMivlsions. This Is •>
j» S jocd buy and will la-
Mt crease la Talus.
GHOVE ST.. NEAR GOT7GH.
— ¦ Noa. 406 and «0C*4
Grov» pt. Tola prop-
i Q #rt7 Is locaUd but t&or
% blocks wast from th*
C Kcity Hall. Imarove-
•^ fments consist of JT
r dwelUnss OSt • roods
SO 82:8. ) each, renting for JM.
Grove.
NINETEENTH ST.. NEAR GLS.LIHHXRO.
\ 1M:i No*. :c* to tsa
\ tj NLaete«nth rt;, b«t.
\ »> Guerrero and Dolores.
\« «> O Improvements occupy
V? = only 43 feet front aad.
\ -^- S consist of « flats. For
\ l>i a factory purpose* or a
\- 3 b a s 1 n a sa requtrtm
\ Gl ground space- ttila la s>
\ fe detlrabl*. ilt*. Uaata
\ n |S1:11.
Nineteenth.
BTROAD'WAT. NBAR STOCKTON BTB.
/
•• Xcs. TI9 to Til Broa4-
r? o way. b«t. Stockton and
¦•* t PoweQ its. Ita^roro*
?- ft tnenta consist of brlcle
3 S stable buT.dtax aad 8
»• n » 2 frao« Awvlllass. Rcata
7» j. fa*.
Broadway.
WASHINGTON ST., NEAR CENTRA!* ATH.
Washington.
f jo-IOl 117-n. No. 8313
n st. This beaattrul lot
V ovwlooks th* Presidio
¦ -V g, reservation and th*
a Bay etf Saa PrandKo,
ae c. Th« ttai>rov«m«ntj cca-
¦ ¦ . slst Of a modem 10-
'--, > room dwelUns In f.rst-
»? i claw condltloa. rent-
r lr« for J«k
VALENCIA BT.. NEAR TWENTT-TUIKP.
Twenty-third. „
> Nos. VS3 to 123 Va-
ri lencta et. This property
j *• win commend Itself ta
•3 r^r- ' 3 JnTBrtors. It Is now
c a50> ,.« 8 2 bustaeesi property and
* IJ) - ' 2 will b« more «o la Cr»
* « » years. It rents for $73.
JS ?• EarUett-st lot win b«
' *old separat*.
VALENCIA ST.. NEAR NINETEENTH.
< No. 83 Valencia «t»
H This Is •• business cor-
B:2 n • r. I m provements
s consist ot a *ood 2-
p story and basement
_100. _j bulldlns: rents JU.
Cumberland.
CASTRO 6T.. NEAR MARKET.
Southwest corner otf
a Castro and States sta.
g C Street work all dons
•* s 1 and stona sldewa!k.
3 Only 13 fe«t fironj
Market at.
o. a. »¦ ?*¦¦*•
' Castro.
EIGHTEENTH ST.. NEAR CASTRO\
| No- i C1T El«hterat»
a 75. B ? Collisarwood. Oood j*
1 . 2 ««<»nr frame, dwelltn*
E of six rooms. *
Castro. ~
B. P. OLIVER, ft**.
"* BSSS^
Real Estate Agent and Auction©**
114 Klontgomery Str««fc '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Piles.Plays for Oakland Theaters.
OAKLAND, Dec 8.— Harry Corson
Clarke and Alice Nielsen are coming to
the Maedonough .Theater this month.
23*a XAxmer will open his season on the
OAKLAND. Dec 8.— Mary P. McLaugh
lln, who waa recently appointed guardian,
of Arthur W. Jee, a wealthy incompetent,
was given letters of guardianship on the
person and estate of Jee to-day.
Jee's Guardian Gets Letters.
BERKELEY, Dec 8,-^Georpe Pedder
wltz. who recently paid a 5250 fine for vio
lation of the liquor ordinance, was arrest
ed to-night upon a charge of illegal liquor
selling. The complainant was A. L. Wood
ward, a detective employed by the prohibi
tionists.
Accused of Liquor Selling.
Cost of Federation.
The new services : created with Austra
lian federation will, it is estimated,. cost
the colonies some £300,000 per annum. The
amount is ) made up . of Governor General
and'- staff salaxies, - £17,500:. sxecutlvn
£14,000; Legislature.-- £112,000; civil^itab
llshments,, £18.500; ; treasury, £20,000- l - jus
tice, 1 £25,000; interstate commission, £gooo
public buildings maintenance, interest'
etc., £55,000, and ' contingencies, £30 000*
Spread over the whole population of Aus
tralia this : means , 1 shilling 8 pence per
head— men, woraen'and'children. .
A hotel landlord In St. Louis has> estab
lished ..curfew regulations In his ; house.
Promptly at 10 o'clock at night the curfew
rings, and guest* at that time are ex
pected'to; turn out the lights and go to
A C Bragg, Reno
A M Pardee, NY*
W Purcell, Boston
M Harris, Saratoga
H W Haines, Saratoga
W F Jordan. Stanford
R M Dunn & w. Nevad
M Anderson, Manila
P II Starr, Cleveland
II A Hollister. Cal
A C Presley, Cal
L J Evans & w, Napa
D J Vogelman & w,
Vallejo
H C 7"ouse, Chicago
A L iiobbs, Fresno
C D Crane & w, Ottwa
W Kelly. Cal
C L Ruggles, Stkton
W S George, Antloch
F Barman, Stockton
S H Rowe, Rochester
J H Evans & w, N Y
W B Harrington, Cal
Mrs W C Price. Cal
E C Price. Pasadena
J C Twohy, Montana
B Twohy, Spokane
Mrs W Lawrence, Ta
coma
Miss Lawrence, Tacom
F O Stephenson, Oak
A C BlnRham, Marysv
Mrs F Smith. N II
W Dean, Palo Alto
C W Hlnchcliffe, LA
Mn> HlnchclifTe, L A
A B Cohn. Pike
A. D McLean, London
P B Lewis, Chicago
Mrs Lewis, Chicago
L H Ltttlefleld. R I
H E O'Brien, Los An
L M Cohn, Omaha
W T Gilbert, Minn'
R Ponciano, Cent Am
H B Day, New York
Mrs Day, New York
Miss Day, New York
Mrs Drysdale, S Mateo
G Halford. B C .
J Miller. Washington
Mrs W T! Keith, S Jose
R W Dunsmuir, B C
H M Stern, N Y
Mrs Lloyd, Sydney
Mrs S M Bradbury. Los
Angeles : « : - .' '.
F W Hlgglns, NT
L Bradbury, Los Ang
J E Wella, Salt Lake
F G Sullivan, Chicago
Mrs Sullivan, Chicago
Miss Churchill, Napa
G D Gear. Honolulu
Al J Rlordan, Arizona
E L Hughes, Ky
Mrs Hughes Ky
A "Wilson. Ireland
A Zwlngman, Russia
Mrs H M Cone, Colo
Mrs T M Schumacher,
Paris
H H HouKh, U S N
J S Oliver, Chicago
Mrs Oliver, Chicago
J A Brent, Cal
lD W King, Nome
J E McDowell, 8 A
C H Clinton, Pa
J F Carpenter, Pa
N E; Butler. Colo
E Shelton, Colo
J..W Lindsay. St> Louis
it) Drysdale, S - Mateo
NEW -WESTERN HOTEL.
G H Tmesdale, ; Los A
J McQueese, ; Louisville
F W Dlehl. Oakland
A B Mansia. Callstosa.
O W Wise, . Yucatan
E M Gaahan, Neb : *
Q S Crawford, Neb ;
E Nelson, Los Angeles
O Overbeck. Seattle
G'Sproul, Seattle
M D Ickes, Seattle .;
F ¦ Belcber. Vancouver
J Lynes &'w, Seattle
Mrs C Russell, Ind
W C; Housken & w,
New Hop©
V F Whiting, Crockett
Un ."W S McCluskey,
Rodon . ' ',. .; \
J i E i Howell, Montague
B T Cambron, Cal ' ;
H C Ohl, Tracy---." 1 ''}
T Morse, New York '
H Hughes, : New Tori
J Mulroy, San ; IMego
K Bradshaw & w. Sag.
Inaw. Mich ¦.-"¦•-;
a H Klein,. N«w York
H -W Gates &. w, Pas
adena .-»•';'
C -V Graven, Chico
T E Walters, - Bacto . -
Mrs W J Brown. L, 'X
J R Patterson, Qffden
PALACE HOTEL.
C Rowell, Fresno
H Egbert, R Vista
W W Smith & w, Cal
W C Swain. Cal
F P Estudillo, Cal
A Baxter, Cal •
J S Elliott. Cal
J S Smith. Sacto
W Wood. Sacto
K K Chase, S Jose
B Patterson, Los Ang
J Strom, Los Atiff
F P Adams & w, Cal
R W Rittenhouse, N T
O B Graham, Kresno
J Fllllas, Reddlnr
E S Watpon, Redding
R H Trent, Memphis
J M Runz, Seattle
W F Price. S Rosa
E J de Land & w. Vic
F J Brandon & w, Cal
F C Brandon, S Jose
F J Luger, Mlnneapola
J Barnes Jr, Seattle
H 8 Minor. Berkeley
II H Minor, Berkeley
Mrs L M Jullon, Cal
J S Oliver & w, ChRO
P H Gavin. Newark
Mrs J E Miller, Reno
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEIj.
ALAMEDA, Dec 8.— State sanitariums
for the care of consumptives are favored
by the Board of Health of this city, and
at a regular meeting of that body held
last ni^ht a resolution^urglngr legislative
action to provide fcr the establishing and
maintenance, of such institutions was
unanimously adopted. Copies of it will
be sent to the health officials of the vari
ous cities throughout California, and It Is
planned in this way to arouse Interest in
the movement and to strengthen by co
operation the- efforts that are expected to
be made by the State Board of Health to
induce the next Legislature to establish
hospitals for tuberculosis patients.
"Too much attention cannot be given to
the prevention of and to precautions
against tuberculosis," said Dr. W. O
Smith, the framer of the resolution. "It is
now acknowledged by all medical authori
ties that the disease is .contagious. In
New , York . City alone two-thirds of the
deaths from contagious diseases are due
to consumption, and one-sixth of the an
nual number of deaths in the world is due
to the same cause. Its fearful ravages
among human beings are creating alarm
In New York. Liverpool and Germany
provisions are being made for the isolation
and care of consumptives at the Govern
ment's expense. The time is fast coming
when every State will : take greater pre
cautions, Rgainst: the dread disease.
Crowds of . consumptives are headed our
way and thousands are already among 1 us
As all measures to - keep them out- have
failed, it behooves us as a matter of self
protection to look after them when' they
are here." ,
Alameda Doctors Favor the
Establishing of Public
Sanitariums.
FOR STATE CURE
OF CONSUMPTIVES
OAKLAND. Dec. 8.— Joseph Martin has
commenced suit for divorce from his wlfa
Victorine Martin, alleging for cause that
sho is intemperate. Emily Murphy wants
a divorce from James A. Murphy because
he deserted her. -.-
Divorce Suits.
Fonrardnens proceeds from Ignorance
©ft?r.<*r than from Impudence.
OAKLAXD, Dec. E.— Licenses to marry
\rere issued to-day to Manuel N. George,
2S years. Har.ford, and Mary I. George, 17,
Centervllle; John M_arshall Rodriguez, 25,
tnd Marv Madeline Secada. 17, alission
San Jose;* Leon Tickner Donovan. 24, and
Lillian ilenefe, 18. Berkeley; Christ Fred
Walker. 22. Oakland, and Arja Clark, 18.
Erm Francisco; William T. Hosken. 2-*,
au:d Bella Harridan, 19, San Francisco;
Edgar Gorhara. 21, and Marie Langguth,
21 Be-'keley; Antonio Silva Amaral, 30,
fuid Emilia DIas. 43. Elrahurst; Joe F.
T^rry. 22, and Mary Dutra Silva. 17, New
*-*: Hubert Edward Wiley, a, and Hat
e May Ingalls. 15». Stockton.
Licensed to Marry.
Same (owner) with ' M. Levy (contractor),
architects same— Plumbing:, sewer work, gras
fitting and tiling for Earns on same; total $1035.
J. L. Scheper (owner) with "William Ltnden
(contractor), architects Rousseau & Son— All
work except plumbing, mantels, gas fixtures
and shades for. a three-story frame building
with brick foundations (flats) on E line ot Polk
street, 55 N of Filbert, N 27:6 by E 70. WA 26;
total $4471.
R. . P. Merilllon (owner) with F^lix Marcuse
(contractor and architect)— All work for re
modeling a two-story frame building on NW
corner of flutter and Baker streets, W 42 •« by
N 87:6; total $5400.
Johanna Strecker (owner) with H. T. Orieb
(contractor), architect owner — AH work except
mantels and gas flxtuies for a one story and
basement frame cottage on W line of
etrtet, 150 N of Tenth avenue, W 120 by N 25
(specification reads W Tenth avenue, 150 N of
JL street): total S14C0.
Calvary Presbyterian Church and congrega
tion (corporation) (owner) with Donald O.
HusBell (contractor), architects McDougall
Brothers — Stor#; work for external facinr of
two fronts, etc., for a brick church and chapel
on NW corner of KlUmore and Jackson streets
W 125, N 125, B 26, N 23, E 100, S 148; totai
$29,450.
Builders' Contracts,
OAKLAND, Dec 8.— Rev. Stephen R.
Wood, who has been filling the pulpit of
the Plymouth-avenue Congregational
Church for the last year on trial, has
been permanently elected to the pastor
ate by a unanimous vote of the congre
gation. He was formerly a chaplain in
the army in the Philippines.
Rev. Mr. Wood to Remain.
coast here on December 17 with a two
nights' engagement, playing "What Did
Tomklns Do?" Alice Nielsen will be here
three nights, December 24, 23 and 26, with
"The Singing Girl."
"Daddy Nolan" will be the bill at the
Dewey Theater next week. Landers Stev
ens will take the part of Rosenthal and
James Corrigan -will play Daddy Nolan.
It was no use. One, then another, even
at last the slim and epirituelle Parisian,
succumbed to the charms of the fascin
ating dance. In their eagerness to reach
the tiny teacher gowns were torn, hair
was pulled, faces scratched and. goodness
knows If dawn had not come what more
would have happened; but those arriving
early on Saturoay morning could tell a
pretty tale — and they would!
"The doddle moll show," said he, sol
emnly, "must not go by without a cake
walk, ma honies. I will myself, with all
the pleasure in the hemisphere, instruct
the brilliant Intellectual obfuscatlon pres
ent In the ebullitions and kangarooly in
tricacies of the classic dance of coondom.
First!"
As the automobile girl marched into the
next room she met the "two-dollar nig
ger" in his minstrel suit, courageously de
termined to invite the whole crowd to a
genuine Southern cakewalk. He had been
cleaning out the champagne punch cups,
and his weak china head was turned in
the unequal conflict.
"Well, ladies, I'm no two-bit raffle, like
some of you," retorted that stiff, gentle
manly personage. "I'm tired of thin. I'm
going to visit the other room. If you
want a good time you'd better come too.'*
And that is how it began.
"These doll shows bring one into such
promiscuous company," remarked a sal
low but brilliantly gowned Chicago girl.
"Some people belong In the grab-bag."
"How did that creature get in here?"
"That automobile girl, too, is rather—
don't you know — rather "
"Ah!" said the other dolls, with a blank
stare. "Who is she?" they asked each
other, making common cause against the
stranger, who indisputably was not of
their set.
"Hips are coming in," oracularly broke
In an enormous red-gowned creature,
largely endowed in that and other partic
ulars.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec, 8.
The fortieth anniversary of the founding
of the First Congregational Church will
be celebrated to-morrow with elaborate
cervices. Peculiar interest attaches to the
exercises because of the presence of the
three pastors who have occupied the pul
pit during various periods of the church's
life.
The first pastor, B.ev. George Mooar,
who served from the institution of the
church, December 9. 1SG0. until 1871. will
preach at the morning service. Rev. J.
K. McLean, who succeeded Dr. Mooar and
was pastor from 1S71 to 1S95, will deliver
the sermon during the evening services.
Rev. Charles R. Brown, the present pas
tor, who followed Dr. McLean, will assist
at the services.
There will be special anniversary ser
vices by th* Sunday school commencing
at 12:30 o'clock. The programme will be
appropriate to the occasion. The former
superintendents of the Sunday school will
take part in these exercises. »
There will be a public reception on Mon
day evening at the church to Dr. Mooar.
Rev. and Mrs. J. IC McLean, Rev. and
Mrs. William Rader, Rev. and Mrs.
Charles R. Brown and Mr. and Mrs. E. S.
Williams. On Wednesday evening there
will be an anniversary communion ser
vice- The sacrament will be administered
by Rev. Dr. Mooar and Rev. Dr. McLean,
First Congregationalists to
Celebrate Their Anni
versary.
IS FORTY YEARS
A HOUSE OF GOD
WELL, no one can say that our
Model Doll Show has not been
a splendid success this year,"
said the last Doctor's Daugh
ter In the Palace Hotel last
night, and she sighed a sigh of deep sat
isfaction as she carefully locked the Ma
ple Room door on the gorgeously gowned
matrons and maids posing there In stiff
elegance.
"Now, they are safe till the morning,"
she said to herself, and with a "Good
night, dollies!" and a hope for the mor
row's good fortune, went to her well
earned rest. .
And then occurred, on the other eld© of
that locked door, the famous row, the
particulars of which later leaked out — we
are not permitted to say how— and which
threatened the very foundations of doll
l dom and the entire Saturday programme
of the Model Doll Show.
" 'No one can say that the show has not
been a success'.' What does she call a suc
cess! Not a man about the place! Queer
Ideas of a success, I say."
It was a tall, svelte creature, rigged up
a la Bernhardt all in clinging blacks, who
was speaking, and she Irritably fingered
her "honorable mention" as she descended
gracefully from her smilax-garlanded
perch.
"Not a man about the place, but those
' scrubby little Eskimos in the other room,
and an unspeakable little two-dollar nig
¦ ger on the bargain table!" she repeated.
"Don't take on so, dear; it can't make
very much difference to you," cooed a vis
ion in spangles and moonlit gauze. "I
don't care whether there's a man about
the place or no. They have me screwed
up into this 'new figure,' as they call it,
till I can't breathe.
Sotn. "Williams, Elevator Man at Sal
inger's Store. Eas Narrow Es
cape From Death-
OAKLAND, Dec. S.— John VTlIlla.ms. the
elevator man at Salinger's store, acci
dentally short circuited a current to-night
on the electric motor that runs the ele
vator and £00 volts of electricity passed
through his body. Williams fell like a
lot: to the £oor. his head striking against
a. pharp bolt, cutting a wound three Inches
lone In the ecaip. .
Tne elevator i.s sometimes run by hand-
To-night Williams thought he turned the
current off, preparatory to working the
elevator by hand. He fiid not proptrly
c/]just the switch, however, and the cur
rent contined to course through the metal
work of the motor. The moment he braced
hi? feet against an iron stanchion and
grasped th«" lev*r the circuit Teas formed.
Lurkily for Williams the current was
uaiy. 500 voJlp stronpr. A few hundred
stronger and he would have been killed. I
FIVE HUNDRED VOLTS
(k PASS TSBOTJGH HIM
Present the Series of the Pictures
Depicting "The Education of
Mr. Fipp."
OAKLAND. Dec. 8.— A series of tab
leaus depicting "The Education of Mr.
Pipp," Gibson's pictures,' was given to
night at Dietz Opera-house by a number
of young society women of Oakland. The
entertainment was given for the benefit
of the West Oakland Free Kindergarten.
It was successful in every feature, the
various parts being well sustained.
The part of Mr. Pipp was taken by Ed
ward Hume. Miss Irene Baker" and Miss
Crissie Taft carried the parts of th©
French ladies. "Asking for Pa" was sus
tained by Miss Laura Crellln. Miss Whit
ney, Mr. McDuff y, Ray Baker and Ed
ward Hume. "Mr. Pipp Losing His Tem
per" was presented by. the same people,
with the additions of Mrs. B. B. Ston©
and Mrs. W. E. Meek. Th© whole series
of Gibson's pictures was given, the fol
lowing named assisting the principals:
Miss Marietta Havens, Miss Ethel Gage,
Miss Cordie Bishop, Miss Carrie Palman
teer. Miss Ethel Kittredge. Miss Kenna,
Miss Marion Goodfellow. the Misses Lil
lian and Jean Downey and Miss Florence
Hayden. .
SOCIETY YOUNG WOMEN
APPEAR IN TABLEAT7S
This trip has been under consideration
for some time by the astronomers of the
Lick Observatory. It will be for the pur
pose of studying the movement of stars
In the line of <?ight by the use of the Mills
tspectrograph. This work will be of great
Importance, for It deals with the supreme
problem to astronomers — the true consti
tution of the universe.
About three-fourths of the sky has al
ready been studied by the spectrograph.
By going south of the equator the rest of
the sky may be measured. Observers will
be stationed somewhere either in Austra
lia or South America. Two years' time
will be necessary to complete the work.
Dr. W. W. Campbell, acting director of
the observatory, will at once begin prepa
rations for the expedition.
Mr. Mills has been one of California's
stanchest friends. He has endowed the
Mills chair of moral and intellectual phil
osophy and civil polity, now held by Pro
fessor George Holmes Howison. He has
purchased astronomical Instruments for
the observatory and is now defraying the
expenses of the traveling fellowship in
philosophy, held by H. A. Overstreet, A.
B.. "99, _
BERKELEY, Dec. 8.— At the suggestion
of President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, D. O.
Mills, the New York millionaire, has
promised to defray the expenses of a
University of California astronomical ex
pedition. About 124,000 will be. needed, as
the expedition v.-Jll so to South America
or Australia, to remain two years.
Scientists Will Go to South America
or Australia to Study Stars,
and "Will Remain Two
Years.
To Defray Expense of Send
ing out a Party of Lick
y Astronomers.
MILLS WILL PAY
EXPEDITION'S COST
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec. 8.
In a vot* of less than r.ne-cuarier o*
the registration of the city all of the pro
posed ajnondmenis to the municipal char
ater r.cre beaten tc-day by majorities
ranging from 4 to 1 doTvn to 2 1 *. to 1. The
c^aviest opposition was against the four
aaendsionts bearins upon reorganization
of the Fire and Police Board and the
Board of Public Works, which received
about 503 Jaycrable votes out of a total
vote cast of 2C73. The defeat of these car
ried the whole elrht dorrri. The voters
simply narked "no" 6trai(?ht a^ralnst ey
erv one of the amendment*.
There was no interest manifested in the
. election. The commuters' vote was ah
roost nothing. Few of the ferry-boat con-
Zjf.zcr.l. cade any effort to po to the polls.
A'he opposition to the propositions -nab
<3*y heavy in the annexed district, hard
ly a favorable ballot going into the boxes
In that section of the city.
The *rst four amendments covered va
rious features of the proposed appointive
plan for the commissioners of lire and po- ;
lice departments and of the Board of |
Public Works. Amendment 5 wcls to give
the city power to dredge tho harbor to
the ship ciair.nel. Xumlwr 6 was to estab
lish a grarbagre crematory. Number 7 pro
posed an annual appropriation of $300 for
celebration of Memorial day. The last
r.b.r::*»<! amendment carried an allowance
of $1000 for the annual observance of
fourth of July.
There was no orjranired fight either way
cpon the amendments. A few speeebws
\rere made, but the voters would not take
enough interest In the questions to attend
The amendments -were beaten In evwy i
precinct in the city. Following is the to- i
tal vote on each one:
Fter. Ayalnst.
/r.fr.4nipnt Ka 1 — 530 2071
Amendment No. 2 MS 2032
¦Arsir.e.rr.eiu No. 3 «3 20T2
AaiT.dnietit No. 4 tM 20S7
.Amendment No. 5 CM ISM
AKiRiflmmt No. « „ €75 1S79
AmendmeEt No. 7 (3* 1354
AmendineEt No S C% 1977
. Total vote cast 2671
To have carried any amendment on the
vote ca.=t wouii* have required a vote
"for" of three-fifth?, or 1604.
In a Total Veto of a Quarter of the
E^gistration the Nega
tive Is Four to
One.
O?erwhelming Defeat of All
Proposed Changes in
Charter.
VOTES AGAINST
THE AMENDMETS
"Two-Dollar Nigger" Enthused iu Punch Glass Fumes
Causes Ladles to Cease Quarreling- •
DOLLDOM QUEENS CLOSE
SHOW WITH A CAKEWALK
Farce Comedu to Give Wau to Grand and Comic
Opera at the Popular Local Plauhouse.
FAMOUS OPERA STARS
COMING TO ALHAMBRA
COUNTY OFFICIALS
AND LEGISLATION
Opposed to Raising Alameda
to a Second-Ciass
County.
¦ *
Arrangements Will Be Made for a v
Meeting With Legislative Dele
gation to Discuss Needs of
Departments.
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Dec 8.
All th© officers of the Alameda County
government met this morning in the
Supervisors* room to discuss matters af
fecting them or likely to affect them at
the next session of the State Legislature.
Supervisor W.' H. Church was chosen
chairman and County Clerk Frank C.
Jordan secretary of the meeting.
The most important matter discussed
was as to whether Aiameda County
should be raised from the present status
as a third-class county to that of a sec
ond-class county, the late census entitling;
the county to go up a peg if so desired.
It was the unanimous opinion of the of
ficials that the county's position should
not be changed. To change would mean,
the officials agreed, a vast amount of
labor and expense which was not worth
the trouble, aa there would be no sub
stantial benefit to the people of the
county or Its officials. The number of
salaried employes would be doubled and
the additional expense would have to b<*
borne by th© taxpayers. There would
be a likelihood of conflict with Los An
teles, the only second-class county in the
tate at present. What litigation would
suit Alameda County would probably not
be agreeable to Los Angeles County, and
there would be constant tinkering In order
to adjust difference*, which might take
years.
To sum up all the talk, the consensus of
opinion was that the move would be a
danarerous one to undertake.
Disapproval having been stamped upon
a second-class county the officials took
up the suggestion that a joint meeting be
held with the Alameda County legislative
delegation to discuss matters of need of
the various county offices. It is under
stood that County Clerk Jordan wants to
be relieved of the burden of paying for
the expense of registration and that the
other officials have certain favors they
want granted. It was finally agreed that
the secretary arrange for a meeting with
the Alameda County Senators and As
semblymen on either Tuesday or W•daw
day of next week.
COLLAMARINI. THE BEAUTIFUL ITALIAN PRIMA DONNA. WHO
WILL APPEAR IN "CARMEN," ASSISTED BY RUSSQ, ON THE
STAGE OF THE, ALHAMBRA THEATER,
If a man refuses to be consoled his is a
hopeless case.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8.— John Gay, 66 years
old. a native of Denmark, was found dead
in a chair in his room this morning at 725
Eighth street. His hand was resting upon
a well-thumbed Bible, which was on a
tablo.
Dead in His Chair.
FARCE comedy will shortly give
way to grand and comic opera
at the Alhambra, and local thea
ter goers will be afforded another
opportunity 6t witnessing a mag
nificent production of "Carmen," with
Collamarinl and Russo in their famous
roles. This announcement will undoubt
edly cause a sensation among the thou
sands of admirers of these great artists,
for they were supposed to have bade
farewell to San Francisco for this sea
son at least, if not forever. Up to yes
terday nothing was known to the con
trary. At that time Manager Alf Elling
house of the Alhambra made public the
fact that he had secured the Boston Lyric
Opera Company for one week, commenc
ing Sunday afternoon, December 16.
This is one of the most pretentious oper
atic organizations on the road. The com
pany numbers sixty people and carries
JUSTICE OF THE FEACB
JOSEPH PLMEUTAL DEBS
HAYWARDS, Dec. S.— Joseph Pimen
tal." Justice of th© Peace of Haywards.
and one of the earliest settlers in Ala
meda County, died to-day rather sudden
ly at his residence, C and Second streets.
He had be«n ailing for some time from
an attack of the grip, and increasing
years had left him without sufficient vi
tality to stand tha debilitating effects of
the trouble. * ;• .
Justice Plmental came here from Portu
gal In the 50's and opened a barber shop.
He invested in real estate and became
well-to-do. He was chosen a member of
Haywards' first Board of Trustees, was
subsequently elected Town Clerk and
then Justice of the Peace.
The deceased was a member of the An
cient Order of United Workmen, the Odd
Fellows and the Portuguese Union of
California. A few years ago he was su
preme president of the last named organ
ization. A wife and seven children sur
vive him. The latter are: W. E., Albert.
Charles, Louis. Edward and Ada Plmen
tal and Mrs. J. G. Dassell.'
The funeral will be held Monday from
the Catholic church.
Impromptu Club Gives Dance.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8. — The Impromptu
Club held an enjoyable dance TUesJav
evening of this week at the German Club
HalL The" club la composed of the follow
ing named young ladles, who worked
hard to make the affair a success: Miss
Clara Crist. Miss Emma Gripp. 31133
Juanita Dieckmann, Miss Grace Meese,
Miss Nellie Sohst and Miss Mamie Con
rad).
Heavy cars, each holding sixty passen
gers, traveled easily thirty-seven miles in
one hour over the Albany, and Kud»cn
electric railway at the formal opening re
cently. The road Is Interesting in that It
is the longest "third rail" road in the
world, and. although an experiment, it
seems to be a perfect succeeds.
Its own orchestra, chorus and the entire
scenic environments for an extensive rep
ertoire of comic opera. , * --
During the forthcoming' engagement at
the Alhambra the opening performance
will be the bright and catchy comic opera.
"Said Pasha" on Sunday afternoon. Sun
day night "Carmen" will be produced,
and during the rest of the week the comic
opera. "The Fencing Master," will alter
nate with "Carmen." "The Fencing Maa
ter," although one of the brightest and
prettiest comic operas ever written, has
only been produced once In this city— in
the days or the Baldwin Theater — and as
it is the piece In which the Boston Lyric
Company has scored Its greatest hit It
should give "Carmen" a close run during
the short season at the Alhambra. The
latter, of course, will be the most popular
with Collamarlnl and Russo in the cast,
and should pack the big theater at every
performance. The advance sale will open
Thursday morning at the Alhambra box
office.
Charter Amendments Beaten.
BERKELEY Dec. 8.— .Both the proposed
charter amendments were defeated to
day. That which aimed to increase the
tax levy from 75 cents to $1 was beaten
by the following vote: For. 230; against.
730. The second proposition, to Incorporate
the general State law on street work in
the .town charter, resulted: For, 256;
against, 610.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900.
ONE OF THE PRIZE POSTERS AT THE DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS' MOD
EL DOLL SHOW. IT WAS DESIGNED BY GUSTAVE BRONSTRUP OF
THE CALL. ART STAFF.
25
F 715 Xarket 6t. S.F. Shattuck Av, Verkeleyf
/ -M'^uV: Oik Oestml Are, Alamada A
f 7th A Wood. Oak. 38 6. 1st St. . San Jose, f
a 91? Wedii&gtcm Street. Oakland. A
JCnbe Sugar 17 lbs. $i.ooa
* " Epreckel'a" pure crvrtelized oane \
A) ffsgar. Monday and Tvasday A
" Best" Tea )
s aSSf 4 - pound pkg. 4 oc4
\ braad. Usually &5c to eoo. \
J Butter per square 30c J
r Pi. Seyes and Bumbolat creameries . 9
Soap 15 bars 25CT
m ' a me style, same cuf-hty as Lenox. 6
r il*dc bv Ocdahy <t Co., Oiaaia. \
JCold Spring Cream J
\ I Sd por ' large size can 5c?
f SuT* California Ar\ve*r\ r*r/>^
a product. Can be naed^OZen $5 C A
V earae as fre«l» milk In every way. V
Eegular 10c. A
IDt. Hardy's Prunes lb. $ca
Grown In santa Clara valley. Prench\
A rrooeas eured. Meaty and 6-vre**. * - §
Hams lb. nj4c\
V Epecially selected. Medium fat. f
x K&e 12 to H pounds. Bright, a
y twtet, tender m»at. r
York Cream Cheese f
A Ideal ch»-e»# for T)OUnd I Kci
V rratina: or cooking. P" 11 " 11 -> i
A It's not too strong—^just right A
Brandy A
\ Genuine- Usually J-joffl^ <T ici
0 SI JO to fl-75. DOttie 9i.J-5^
i Monogram Whiskey j
A tillers. Baltimore. Regular SI -25- A
jSt Lawrence Tonic Port a
medlcia*-. Pleasant and notrftion*. \
4 Regular $1.<». ' 9
$O\& Crow Whiskey , 4
4 2SuT n n e ie^tiiied bottle 95 c#
A 1830. Toll proof. Q
Extra Stout
a dozen $1.65
P. S. Whiskey
4 g>u?.^lr^ Uer7 ' bottle 60c
a ISegular »Jc.
>Amer Picon bottle £1.00
\ » rrench lniport«d— by O. Mcon.
A Ceaallr 51. Si. t
i Grenadine Syrup )
'i Kffixco,,. bottle 4oc^
What could a woman appreciate more than a garment of fur from Liebes*?
Jackets and capes in wonderful assortment and in every style of every fur the world produces are
here for Christmas choosers.
Collarettes and scarfs and storm collars, too numerous to enumerate and yet too beautiful to pass un-
noticed, are here in rich abundance.
Tisa veritable Christmas paradise for seekers of presents of the finer sorts, for rors are most'
wanted by all women folks. • .
,But the best news of all is the wonderfully reasonable prices we are asking on garments all bearing
the name of "Liebes," our guarantee of satisfaction.
Christmas Special Christmas Special Christmas Special
No. 1. * No. 2. No. 3.
| FOX SCARFS-Of sable mounted ELECTRIC SEAL CAPE— With a ELECTRIC SEAL COLLARETTE
head and tall, as shown in picture. By black marten collar. An elegant gar- —Like picture above. Top collar and
all odds the moat popular fur gar- merit, beautifully made in every par- border of sable hair. An unusually
' merit of the year. New York and the ticular. Very stylish, very popular, stylish little garment and In a very
East are wild over fox scarfs. A of exceptionally, good material and fashionable combination of furs. One
/ Christmas special, each.. .$9.50 workmanship. A Christmas special, of the strongest special values we
, BALTIC SEAL. CAPES. tgllSch Y^Y^Y^Y^\^Y/.'. 9 2O'.7% have « ver o^ 1^ 1 - Each SS.5O
An'' excellent cape made of fine full 20-inch 22.75
skins, with two heads and four tails. *. ELECTRIC SEAL STORM COLLAR,
Elegantly lined with satin. • MAIL ORDERS. WJth eight excel , ent
; •14-jnch ......S1O.5O m « nt materials: would
15-Inch.... 11. u() if you order by mall. Any garment S° well with tailor-made costume.
¦<¦¦ I 18-Inch............... •••••12.50 advertised sent C. 0. D. on approval. Each $7.50
* ......OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS......
y^MISS ANNA VIRGINIA METCALF OF LOS ANGELES, WHO WILL
MAKE HER FIRST APPEARANCE IX THIS CITY AT THE LORLNG
CLUBS CONCERT TUESDAY EVENING.
Berlin la'to have an Italian exposition
in the Zoological Gardens. There will be
imitation streets of Naples, Rome, Flor
ence, Pompeii, Venice (with canals), etc.
New Orleans is about to move her
colossal statue of Henry Clay. There
was no city In the Union where the great
Kentuckian was more worshiped than In
New Orleans, and his statue has been
the ga.thering point for many a memor
able meeting. It was at its bane that in
March, 1891, the mob collected to de
nounce the murder of the Chief of Police,
which finally In a paroxysm of frenzy
broke Into the Jail and lynched eleven
prisoners. New Orleans has now grown
to such an extent that the. statue must
be moved to give rom to traffic, and It
will be placed beside the statue of Benja
min Franklin In Lafayette Square. — Chi
cago Chronicle.
Statue to Be Moved.
Watch**, Diamonds and Jewelry. Before buy-
Ing call on Rudolph Barth, 141 Post st. •
The Boer benefit concert, set for the
same evening, will Include numbers by
Miss Paraskova Sandelin. Miss Wing,
Miss H. A. Butler. Julius A. Haug. Signor
Abramon". Professor 'Werner, Charles D.
South, Harmonie Zither Club, Harmonie
Singing Society, Gruetli Singing Society
and the Germanla Club Singing Society.
On the last evening of the autumn ex
hibition at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art a musical programme, under the di
rection of Professor Henry Heyman, will
be rendered.
One of the most interesting concerts of
the coming week will be the third of the
Minetti eeries of chamber music recitals,
to be given on Friday afternoon next, De
cember 14, at Sherman-Clay Hall. These
concerts will in future be uoon a sub
scription basis and no single "tickets will
be sold. The charming- "Forellen" piano
quintet will be given, and the programme
also Includes a Beethoven string trio. S.
G. Fleishman will be at the piano.
The Loring- Club announces Hb second
concert of the season for Tuesday even
ing next, and an unfortunate coincidence
of dates is the announcement of the ben
efit concert for the widows and orphans of
the Boers for the same evening.
At the Lorlng- Club will be heard for the
first time in San Francisco Miss Anna
Virslnla Metcalf, a Los Angeles girl, who
for a number of years has been studying
abroad. Miss Metcalf's teachers include
the distinguished Vannlni of Florence,
Henschel, Shakespeare and Randegger of
London. It is understood that the singer
has received very favorable notice in Lon
don and Florence. Her numbers will In
clude Bemberg's "Chant -Hindoo." "Since
First I Met Thee" and other solos by Cha
minade and Cowen. She will also sing the
solo In the Schubert-Liszt "Hymn to the
Almighty," for male chorus 'and soprano.
Strauss, with his orchestra, comes in the
new year week, the Henschels soon after.
Leonora Jackson, the brilliant young
American violinist; Gabrilowitsch, tho
pianist: Gerardy, cellist: Trebelli, the well
rem-embered. and the Gran* organization,
with Mme. Sembrlch still later.
Carreno is the latest name added to the
rich list of artists who will be heard here
In the spring: of 1901.. This famous pianist,
now creating her accustomed furor in the
Kapt. will arrive on the coast some time
in March.
"E^ide vom LJed"; Etudes Symphcniques, opuii
13 (theme, studies Nos. 1, 11. Hi, vl, vit, vlil,
lx finale); Toccata, opus 7.
Personals;
' Mrs. Eleanor. Martin of Broadway and
Buchanan streets win be at home on the
flrit. and second Fridays in Decemb«r. ;
- m Mrf.'Alex W. Well will be at home the
nrst Wednesday of each month at 2017
Broderlck street. - - ¦"¦ : .---,« . ,
Miss Perry and MiosWhltlnar of Stock- j
; « The passenger list . of the steamship
Zealandia. which sailed for Honolulu on
Monday, December 3, was as follows: D/
L. Bachant. F. '¦ T- Barlow and wife. Ed
Baumburger, . A. "S. Bent- and "wife, Mrs.
I>.\ A. Bond. J..-' Brady, R. 8.".- Brewster.
Clawson Cannon, George Q. Cannon, wife
and two children, R. Carlon. -Mrs. E.
Clawson, Master Clawson. William Cluff
and wife. Miss E. Coughran, William C
Crichton. Miss ,C. M. Cronln, A. H.
Davies. H. T. Davies, M. r Duffy, W. Dunn,
Sinter. Enlolla.' SlBter Ephraim. Mrs. M. A.
Flanders, 8. • JYankenstein, f Mrs. i Frary,
Miss E. Olynn,, Mother Helene, Charles
H. ¦ Holmes, ¦ L. C. Hooker. .Mrs. W. T
Hyde. Mrs. i J. E.- Keller and child. Mis'*
K. McCarthy,. E. M. : McNulty. Mrs. 1 H.. J.
McShane, C.vP. Morse,, J. Nlckeus and
wife. Miss Nlckeus, P. Reubolt, ¦ H W
Rietow, ¦ Otto Schmidt,- H. ¦ B. Schroltke"
"William Searby and awife, Mrs. S I*
Shaw, Mrs. A. v Smith anrd child, T. - M*
Smith, Dr. J.'H. 8pauldinff and wife. Mm!
G. C. Strathmeyer and three children, J.
Stuart and '« wife, Miss F. M. Sumpter
Charles • Button. ¦ J... F. ¦ Talma se. R i
Tobln. Mrs. Frank- Walker and * child!
Mrs. R. Wallace, 1 P. Rr.Whelan and Mrs.'
I. Young. : = ; ., .
Sailed Away.
In the Future.
The Olympians arc preparing ,for their
annual entertainment and- ball. t Their
humorous sketch, "Mistaken." with Har
ry Cooper as Jake Schultz. will be put on
The Scandinavian Society will hold Its
annual Christmas tree festival and ball
at Odd Fellows' Hall on Saturday even
ing. December 22. "
The 1900 Club will give a domino and
fancy dress party (en masque) at Union
Square Hall on Tuesday evening, Decem
ber 11. .-.'¦¦¦¦¦¦
The employes of tho Arctic Oil Works
and their friends enjoyed ft irolley party
on tho car. HcrmoFa on Frioay evening,
November 30. The partv smarted from
Eigrhth and Market streets at S:3t) p m
and efter visiting rrnny point? of interest
arrived at the Cliff Hou*e at 10 o'clock,
where the party partook of n sumptuous
repast, nf tor which dancing was indulged
in until midnight. ¦ Those present were-
Mr. and Mrs. G. H. 'Thompson. Miss
B. KHne, Mies. P. Kline, Miss E. Nolan,
Miss M. Coyle. Miss G. Stolz, Miss Mae
Krause Miss V. Dvdley, Miss A-' Vernon
Mi«s C. Sprague. Miss J. Flint. Charles
Darby, J. McEldowney. G. McEldowney
La Forest Giddlngs. W.' Gauthler. Scott
Kent. T. Birry, J. Ferrler, T. Dougherty
and J. Trule>". 1 _^ .
The, eecond grand entertainment and
dance given by St. Alban's Literary and
Social Society was held at Golden Gate
Hall. 625 Sutter ntreot, December 3. The
following' programme was presented:
Tenor solo (selected) Professor James F.
Veaco;' zither solo. bell, and harr> fan
tasia (F. Burgstaller) Joseph L. Regons
burger; tenor solo (Dadie), Dr. Robert
Willis Smith, second tenor Knickerbocker
quartet; trombone solo (selection), "Cuv
alleria Rustlcana." Dr. Maud Noble;
whistling solo- (selected). Miss Gertrude
Judd: soprano solo («oiected). Miss Juli
ette Grenlnger; banjo duct, by Walter B.
Kohn and David Torres; soecialtles by
Rolland C Ayers.
Club Parties.
When tho Fortnightly Six Double Three
sent out cards for an at home at the resi
dence of one of its members last Tuesday
evening the guests were In ignorance of
the treat awaiting them. It was not until
they arrived at the residence designated
that they discovered a scene of Oriental
brilliancy with the hostesses garbed for
the evening as representative Geisha girls.
Tho entertainment for the evening par
took entirely of a Japanese character,
not excluding the refreshments, which
consisted of tea and other dainties. Ap
propriate souvenirs were presented each
guest.
dancing and being' entertained by the
Hpwthornc mandolin .orchestra. Those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Cattermole.
John Cattermole. Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Clarkson, Miss Alma Bose. Emll Bose,
Miss Freeda Behlmer. Dr. and Mrs. von
der Lclth. the Misses Ar.na. Wilma.
Hernia and Hcnrlette Catt«-rmolc, Miss
Mota Marsen, Mrs. Frank 'Sawyer, Miss
Olga von o>r Lelth. Ml?s Tessie Sawyer,
Misses Emilie. Anna and Margaret Cat
termole.'MIss Theodora Sawyer and Miss
Charlotte Sawyer.
Dr. and Mrs. W. C. Etder.niuller arj
among San Francisco folks" atonplng at
Hotel del Coronado this month.
Rev. and Mrs. Charles E. Spaldlnsr en
tertained Monday evening for the officer.*
and apprentices of the English ship Falk
land, now in the San Diego harbor.
PASO ROBLES— Registered at Paso T^
bles are: George Moose, Gua Coblentz. jL
A. Schott. C. W. Hopkins. Jamf-3 Smith.
William R. Sampson, R. Ellis. J. A. Ver.-
Ser, W. F. Hawlcy. Edward Helm. Dav.>
Selig. Tom Tupman. Joe Dannenbaum. * .
H. Hill and wife. Mted V. C. Leonard. W.
H. King. H. M. Broadbent. J. D. McCar
thy. W. W. Pierce. N. E. Casael. Robert
E. Reid. C. T. Barker. M. H. Morris. A.
W. Ottenhclmer. L. Abraham. Mrs. Ree'i,
J. R. Cross. John Searle. L. N. Tryon. ».
O. Scott. A. W. Williams, J. R. Sayers,
Mrs. Azron Lewis. A. Brown.' Fred Ti.
Koenlsr. W. C. Pavey. San Francisco: J.
B. Bell and wife. Miss Kirnan. Morris
Bell. Everett. Wash.; J. TV". Jones, Brad
ley; Easton Mills and wife. San Luis Obb
po: W. R. Johnston. Salinas: William J.
Hamilton. Creston; J. S. Dennis. and wlfr.
S. E. Epler. San Jose: XV. T. Buckley.
Pittsburg. Pa.: Francis E. Young an 1
wife. Boston; Nel Lawson, Seattle; E. W.
Akerman, San Diego.
General Churchill gave a luncheon Tues
day for Mr. and Mrs. Frank B. Baird of
Buffalo. >T. Y.. on their wedding trip
through tho West. Mr. and Mrs. Ealrd
left on Wednesday's steamer for San
Francisco.
last evening tinder the patronage of the
ladles of the navy. The ballroom was
beautifully decorated and music was fur
nished by the marine band of the battle
ship Iowa.
Samuel Henery of the contracting firm
of Clark & Henery was fined $200 yester
day in the Unitert States District Court
for violating the Federal statute prohibit
ing the employment for more than eight
hours per day of laborers on Government
work. ;¦-
Heavy Fine on Contractor Henery.
To-morrow will be a gala day for ladies
Shoes that cost $2 50 h. pair will b*» placed
on the table to pick from for only 75 ccn;-s
a pair at the bankrupt shoe sale of thi
California. 1306 Market street, near City
Hall avenue. -.;:. •
Ladies Are Especially Invited.
ton were the guest3 of Miss Penelope
Vizebih on Thanksgiving.
Franklin Trippf and Dr. Nellie Belghle
Trippe will spend the winter at the St.
Nicholas.
Mrs. Max Bornsteln of Seattle will be
at home on Wednesdays in December at
SO5V4 Geary street.
On the second Wednesday of the, month
Mrs. Phil 3. Beel will be pleased to see
her friends nt 1431 Leavenworth street.
Mrs. OttoJ. Joel will be at home on the
second Tuesday of the month at 1523 Ellis
street.
Mrs. H. Kirschbraun has moved to 162fi
Pacific avenue. Alameda, and will be ?it
home the third Tuesday.
Mrs. J. Allen Parsons has returned from
Belvedere and will be at home on Tues
days at C05 O'Farrell street.
Victor Aaron and sister. Miss Pauline
Aaron, have moved to the Lenox Hotel.
623 Sutter street.
Miss Kitty Aaron Is visiting her sister.
Mrs. A. S. Brown of Marysville.
Mrs. D. C. Barber and Master Allen
Barber, wife and son of Dr. Barber of Los
Angeles, are on a visit In this city. They
are stopping at the home of Mrs. Barber's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Yates, 2025
California etreet. Mrs. Barber nnd her
son will return to the land of orange blos
soms in time to celebrate the holidays.
At the Resorts.
Among the leto arrivals at the Metro
polf are: C. E. Graham, Louis M. Halght
and wife. Mr. and Mrs. Sheldon Kellog,
Dr and Mrs. William C. Erdemuller. Mr.
ard Mrs. W. F. Harrahan, Thomas C.
Pedler. wife and daughter, Mrs. D. M.
Gove, Mr*. L. P. Grpone. F. B. Lndd and
wife, \V. H. Carlin and wife. W. A. Jun
ker, B. A. Peckham and wife.
CORONADO-Mrs. Kautz. wife of Rear
Admiral Kantz. gave an afternoon tea on
boaid the United States steamship Iowa
on Tuesday. San Diego and Coronado so
ciety being well represented. Mrs. C. P.
Kindleberger. wife of Past Assistant
Surgeon Kindlobprgtr of the Iowa, and
Miss Loughborough of San Francisco pre
sided at the tea tables.
Mr. and Mrs. Blagrave of London, at
Coronado for this season, gave a theater
party last Tuesday evening followed by
a supper in the private banquet-room of
the hotel.
One of the largest dancing parties, aa
v/ell as one of the prettiest and most suc
cessful social events ever occurlng at Ho
tel del Coronado, waa the grand ball of
A pleasant reception was given to Hen
ry Hunt of Haverly's Minstrels by his
friends at Union Square Hall on Saturday
evening. December 1. Among those pres
ent were: Misses B. Nevander, F. Pllger
L. Fraser, Weeks, L. Tokela, Taylor j'
Meyer, L. Meyer, A. Ahkmann, N Ahk
mann, M. Smith, C. Williams, F. Bell and
R. Hunt. Mrs. T. Ahkmann. Mrs O
Smith, Henry Hunt, Walter Clauder J A
Hunt, J. Stelnman,. A: Mehlert. E ' Mehl
lert C. Myers, 8. Hunt, T. Ahkmann, M.
Ahkmann. A. Sundberg-, Mr. Scanlon r
Humphrey,. K. Johnson. M Dye O ¦ tSvS"
W. Simpers. A. Williams, it'lgj. n 1
Mayhew and Q. Riding. 8 • "•
An- enjoyable bonbon party was given to
Miss Mae White of Alameda on Wednes
day evening at the residence of her friend
Miss Mae McGuinness, 1202 Howard Btreet'
The parlors- were decorated with chrys
anthemums and ferns.' The following pro
gramme, was rendered: Buck and wlnr
Miss Eva White: coon song. Edna Walsh'
specialties, Master Jack Robertson* son*
and dance. Miss Mae McGuinness; waltz
clog, Master George O'Neil assisted by
Miss Eva M. White; recitation, Master
George Delany. . Among those present
were: Miss Mae .White, Master George
O'Neil, Katie Keough, Tom'Lundy, Edna
Walsh, Chauncey Montgomery Mae Mc-
Gulnnese, Louis Thall, ; Eva White, Mas
ter Jack Robertson, Tessie Sheridan'
George Rosenthall, Constance McAulIftl
Arthur Allen, Pearlie, Launders. - Irvine
Sliverbaum, Ruby Ilosenthall, Harry Leaf,
Home Gatherings.
A very pretty weeding took place at St.
Joseph's Church. Thanksgiving eve, when
J. A. King and Miss Marie Ryan were
united in the holy bonds of matrimony.
The bridal party was led by the ushers.
Don Ryan, brother of the bride, and Kd
Finn. Charles King, brother of tho
groom, was best man. The bridesmaid,
Miss Loretto Ryan, sister of the bride,
wore a very pretty gown of white organ
die and earned La France roses. The
bride was gowned in white organdie over
white satin, with a spray of orango blos
soms in her hair, and carried a beautiful
bouquet of bride's roses. The wedding
march was .rendered by Professor Sulli
van. After the ceremony, which wns per
formed b/ Rev,. P. Kean, the bridal party
proceeded to the home of the bride's pa
rents 5 Klgln Park, where the reception
was held. The entire house was artistic
ally decorated with ferns and crysanthe
mums. In the back parlor hang a bell of
ferns and chrysanthemums, under which
the bride and groom received the congrat
ulations of their many friends. .vrter
viewing the many and costly presents the
guests proceeded to the dining room
where they partook of an elaborate sup
per. At a late hour Mr. and Mrs. Kins
left for their future home, 332 San Jo4
avenue. Those present were as follows-
Mr. and Mrs. j a King, Mr. and Mre
M. Ryan, Mrs. King Air. and Mrs S
rA mn \°f ns> M r\r T - K T e %» Mrs - M - F - Cari
?£;• » T V and r Mrs C J- JTackney. Mrs. Sla
ter. M. C. Lynch. Mrs. Sawyer, Mrs,
Meyer, Misses L. Ryan, A. King. L. Rlely
E. Kelly, G/Ryan. M. Deasy, G. Carroll
A. Ryan. M. Tackney, W. Kellv M Par
roll, L. Tackney. F. Simmons fk Ryan
Messrs IX Ryan, C. King, K Kellv F
Lackey W. King^ J O'Connell. M? tack
ney, W. Doasy. T. Cleary, II. Sawyer J
Hughes. Ed Finn H. Meyer. T. McMahon.
F"°S^s ne a y nd C Gfee'r : n Barry ' J " Ry^
The marriage of N. Banaz of Watson
vllle and Miss Florence Roady of San
Francisco topk place at Watsonvllle on
tho 6th at 6 p. m. at the Catholic church
Father Hashett offlclating. After the
ceremony the bridal party returned to
their home and with many friends par
took of a bridal supper. J
The marriage of Miss May J. Dowlinjr
daughter of Jane I Dowllng of skn
Francisco. _aaid Ralph T. Wlnlton. %%n
of General Frederick H. Winston of Chi"
cago, waa quietly solemnized by the Rev
Father Netterville. O. P., cousin of thi
bride, in this city Thursday afternoon
November 22. The- bride waa attended^
Miss May P. Netterville and the pwro
by P..H. Keyes. Mr. and Mrs. Winston
a 5" e *?°V\ Chlc 2 eo and wlu make a tour
of the Eastern States. U1
Wedding Bells.
The wedding of Miss Ida Wise and
Charles E Philips will take place at the
California Hotel next Wednesday, Deccm-
They're Eng-ag-ed.
Mrs. A. Patek announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Carrie, to Alex
Jacob!. At home this Sunday. December
9, and Thursday, December 13, at 1425
Larkln street.
Cyril Walker and Mrs. Ira Pierce acted as
a reception committee and graciously
welcomed the yuests.
OX tho heels of the prand opera
season in San Francisco comes
the curiously apropos announce
ment of another Wagnerian fes
tival, to be held next year in the
famous Bayreuth Theater. It Is
not without reason, perhaps,
that we may connect the prompt receipt
r>f the following notice with the recent
*T-thu5ia5m here for the German mas
ter's works. Xcrello. Ewer & Co.
of Xew York, the American agents
<if the Bayreuih Corrmittee, for
ward the notice and the programme de
cided upon for the festival. The circular
announced that the season will consist of
p«=von performances of "Parsifal." to be
priven July 21 an<l 31. August 5. 7. S. 11 and
T'\ two complete cycles of "Der Ring- <ies
Nibclungcn." the first on July 25. 26. 21
and 8. and tho second on August 14, 15 16
and 17. and five performances of "Der
niopcndo Hollander." to be given on July
—, Aupust 1. i. 12 and IS. which will com
plete the projrnunme of twenty perform
ances. • Tickets for the Nibc-lungen's
ran?" will be issued for the complete cy
cle only, and at $20 «>acb. The "Parsifal"
and "Fliogende Hollander" performances
ere priced at the same rate, $5 a ticket,
rill over th<e house except in the gallery,
which— the circular states with ingenu
ous snobbery — "is reserved for royalty
i;r;d other disTSnguirhed visitors." Con
tinuing the circular says:
T'ntil March 1 ail applications for eects for
•¦Fsrrifaf" ir.ust Include th? Fame number of
»*»«:» Jor ""I>er Fiicpende Hollander." for the
j'ateF lr.;rrse(llaie!y precedir.g or foliowjcg tbe
••Parsifal" performance*, to prevent breaking
the continuity of the complete feries.
AppllcatioriE for tickets for single perform
r.r.cts cannot t>€ accepted ur.til after March 1.
The performances conmenM at 4 p. ra." (ex
<¦¦• ;>t •'Rheirurold" end "I>r FJlef?en<Je Hollan
der." which rommenw at ." p. in.), and termln-
::'.t> aVout 10 p. m.. th^re beins Inten-als of
tbouT an hour between «-ach act. The truater
La FltUR'.ed \vjtliln fifteen lainutrs" *-a?y walk
from the rp.iJvay elation and there are two
r>?;aurarits= in Uf immediate neighborhood.
v here dinner*, supprs End light refreshments
*an be ha<1 at fixed price?. After the perform
arces, ai 21 p. m., trains will leave in ail di
rection*.
A rpecial committee ¦will asslrt visitors in
f.r.dir.gr tuitable iodicirigs at moderate chanjet«
«M |1 p*r nlpht i«>r pmoil). There being no
jack of pood accommodation in nayreuth. ap
j Illations for rooms need net be mafle until
May or Juae.
In the Hayreuth Theater all Feats are almost
equally pood for fwelnn and hearing: the seats
r:^e si they po l>ark. and the paliery, which is
rt-vtrved tor royalty or other dietiniruiFhed
\j«'tor?. 15 Fituste at the back, behind the
Is»=t row of stalls.
Tickets cuce booked cannot be returned.
And there you are! Nothing now to do
but order the tickets and Join the next
rilgrimace to the Wagner stronghold—
liavreuth.
• • •
In the cbove list of operas it will be
r.oted that the only opera still unheard
in America. iin<\ Ftill only to be heard in
Bayreuth. i? "Piirsifal." By one plea and
nnother a worldrhoarinp of all the rest,
••Tannhauser," "Lohengrin." "Tris
tan ar,d Isolde." "Die Meister
f-ir.pcr" and the "Kinp" itfielf, has been
obtained, but with Wasner's death the
possibility of hearing "Parsifal" outside
of Bayreuth vanished for the lifetime of
( "cslma Wacner. The lady still retains the
rights and announces her determination
of adhering to the programme.
Echoes of opera still linear in the air,
rnd one rumor therewith connected, which
H^ms to be mere than commonly well
founded, will be- of much interest here.
It is understood on hij^h authority that
Mr. Grau has sut the seal upon his lmpre-
Farial approval upon a particular affec
tion of ours of San Francisco, the popu
lar barytone of the late grand opera sea-
Fon at the Tivoli. Salassa. The rumor has
It that the finger is engaged to do the
lapo in Verdi's "Otello" next vear, and
that be was heard by Mr. Grau on the
occasion of the opera's last hearing at
thp Tivoli.
Fritzi Scheff. who was the bright partic
ular star of one of the Tivoli box par
ties indulged in by the Grau people, tells
<.f Planron's warm admiration for Salas
sa's Tonio. On the "Pagllacci" night
eleven only of the Grau stars were ap
plauding our favorite barytone, the ladles
with unploved hands the better to ex
jirees their appreciation.
More opera. JProm Mme. Gadski I have
Jt that another late favorite at the Tivoli.
Frances Graham, is singing with marked
fuccpes in the Metropolitan English Opera
Company, now In St. Louis and also un
der the Grau management.
Yet one more operatic item and I have
done. CollamarirJ and Russo, now with
the Boston Lyric Opera Company in Los
Angeles, will make their reappearance in
Han Francisco next week at the Alhambra
Theater. x
First in order of the concerts of the
¦wec-k was that of the Loyal Rebekah
IxxJpe, at ¦which little Paloma. Schramm
made her last appearance In the city. It
v.as the little pianist's first appearance
la concert with other musicians, and she
played with all her usual charm and
prace. Paloma leaves San Francisco this
wc-ek for the East, and will concertlze on
bet V&T, and then if things happen ac
cording to the Mttle girl's strong desire
and hope America will know her no more
for seven years, during which time she
•will study abroad. Miss Louise Levy, Miss
tres Pansante?. ' Estrella.. promenade, march**;
Romance. F sharp major, opus S3. No. 2;
"Kreislertana," opus 16. No. 6; Aria from
Sonata, opus 11; "Warum?"; "Auf schwuns" ;
William Pluttl was heard on Thursday
afternoon at Century Hall In the first of
a series of three piano recitals, with Schu
mann for the initial programme. His pro
gramme included the following numbers:
Sonata opus 22. G minor (4 movements);
Carnival, opus ? (selections), preambule, let-
" On Wednesday evening an Interesting
programme was given by the clever Pas
more children, Miss Beulah George, Miss
Tyneletta Geery and H. B. Pasmqre at
Century Hall. The little Pasmores', who
play only trios for piano, violin and cello,
and those entirely from memory, are dis
tinctly clever and play their respective in-
Ftrumcnts in thoroughly workmanlike
fa«hlor.. Miss Geery has a pleasing voice,
fair execution and gave the song cycle of
Von Flelita and her .other numbers in
sympathetic fashion. Miss George gave
a graceful reading of the Haydn aria,
"With Verdure Clad," and three other
ponps by Bishop-Bedford Nevin and Well.
H. B. Pasmore's songs were selected from
Saiiu-Saens and Schubert *
Orace Savage, Miss Edith Adams and'the
Misses Theresa and Ltly Sherwood and
Robert Lloyd furnished the remainder of
tho entertainment. .
MUSIC SOCIETY
fN year* gone by the season was
never considered fairly under way
until the buds had danced at the
first Friday Night- cotillon. The
same- rule still holds good, only
the Friday \ Fortnightly has suc
ceeded the Greenway cotillon.
¦ On Friday evening the first gathering of
the Fortnlghtlys «wa 8 held, and all the
•Jcbutantea were present arrayed in spot
less fluffy white, the distinctive garb of
all blushing buds. They all 'lanced In the
first set and made a picture that sent
many a tried masculine heart a-bumping.
Miss Olive Hoibrook and Miss Bernle
Drown led. assisted by Percy King and
Burbank Sommers. In the first set were:
Miss Lucie King. Miss Marion Eels. Miss
Frances Allen. Miss Marjorie Gibbons.
Miss Elena Robinson, Miss Mary Nichols
Miss Pearl Sabln.. the Misses Grace and
Lillie Spreckels. Miss Edith Simpson, Miss
Margaret Salisbury, Miss Kate May Dil
lon. Mrs. A. T>. Keyes, Mrs. Albert Rus
sell and Miss Theresa Morgan.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin. Mrs. Monroe Salis
bury, Mrs. Joseph Crockett, Mrs. James
Robinson. Mrs. Charles Josselyn, Mrs.
Edna Scott, George Delany, Ruth Crock
er, Leon Davts, Queenlo Thornton, Ches
ter Green, Mildred Fitzgerald and Osca
Dolittle. ' . . ,¦¦; v, ¦
_Thc golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Morris of Sacramento was - ob
served by their friends and relatione at
Pythian Castle Saturday evening, No
vember 10. In the main hall, which had
been artistically decorated, the celebrants
under a canopy of roses received congrat
ulations. After a joyous time spent i in
dancing, music, etc., the guests, led by
Mr. and Mrs. Morris, adjourned to the
dining room, where a few hours were
passed at- the banquet table, during which
reminiscent remarks were made by the
older frlerids and toasts and well wishes
by the younger set. Mr. and Mrs. Morris
were married in New York, and there are
six children, Edward Morris, the pioneer
ball player, being the second son. There
are also thirteen grandchildren and one
great-grandchild, and all were present at
the celebration. Mr. and Mrs. Morris were
the recipients of meny elegant presents.
Airs. F. W. Croudace and Miss Elinore
Croudaee gave a tea at their residence,
2203 FIHmore street, last Friday afternoon.
A pleasant surprise party, was given
Master Jack Murphy at the residence of
his parents, 274 Seventh street, on Friday
evening. Those present were: Miss Mil
lie Holmes, Miss Ella McCluskey, Miss
Florence Wilkinson, Miss Frieda Harms,
Miss Jeanette Kohn, Miss Flora Kuhn.
Miss May Feeney, Miss Clara Gomersal.
Miss Minnie Murphy, Fred O'Nell, John
Gomersal, , Richard Murphy, George
Morse, Joseph Courregos, Fred Ward,
Emil Wintercll, Leonard Morse, ' Jack
Murphy, Henry Kuhlmann. Angus Mc-
Intyre, Julius Finsterbusch; Fergus
Gomersal.
( Mis3 Helen Lucille Crosby was the re
cipient of an enjoyable surprise party last
baturday evening. Among those present
were: Misses. Mae Crosby, Alyce
Bmadeke, Mollye Hoffmann, Helen Cro«
by, Sadye Fobs, Amy Van Winkl», Ida
Smadeke, Rosette. Marchahd, Madge
Horan, Alice Horan, Sadie Smith, Tessle
Sheridan; Messra. P. Kronnezke. Dr.
John O'Kane. M. Hesslon, Martin Curley,
J° Ee ph Hession, Alfred Larson,' Joseph
Sheridan, Charles Fross. James Ollllce. 1
Professor van Gradler, Mrs. Alden.' Mr.
and Mrs. W. F. Magner. Master Gillice
and Babe Alden. .
A very pleasant «urpri6e party' was
given to Master Harold Pratt on Friday
evening, November 30, at his parents' res
idence, Zi Shotwell street. The evening
was pleasantly spent in games, singing
and recitations. Refreshments ; wero
served to the little folks, after which their
merriment was continued until a lato
hour. Those present were the Mlsse3
Lulu Schafer, Ruth Yoiing, Irene Borden
Anna Schafer, Olga liaumetster, Emma
Lltner. Masters Harold Pratt. Gus Lei
bold, EdwRrd Saunred, Frank Pratt,
Frank Mitchell. Bert Borden. John
Michaels and Arthur Pratt.
A,very delightful evening was spent last
Tuesday at the residence of Mrs. C. L.
Haskell, 2217 Van Ness uvenue, when, her
daughter, Miss Florence Kustel, enter
tained a number «if friends. Music and
dancing occupied the greater part of the
evening. There were Riesent: The Misses
Lottie Haskell, Aiieen Day, Eleanor
Soper, Edyth Huff, Evelyn Huff, Lillian
Lubben, Cora Kelfcey, Lulu Purlenky,
Gertrude Proll, Dorlnda AVhittler, Leno
Thomson, Edna Thomson, Eva Buffan
deau, Lillian Smith, Maude Jones, Bertha
Schweinitzer. Ray Reynolds. Ida Maurer,
Gertrude Proll. Durinda Whittier, Lena
Thomson, Edna Thomson, Eva Buftan-
Gertrude Smith. Pauline Ryder. Jessie
Zacharias. Ethel Tabrett. Amy Tabrett.
Lottie Linne, Kittle Llnne, Loretta
Sleath, Alice Bell, May Smith,
Clara. Cooley, Mr. and Mrs. Wal
ter Hofmann, Messrs. Will Warren,
Walter Janke, Alfred Hofmann. Dr. I*:
W. Spriggs, Charles Darling. Will Kutz,
Arthur Perry, Wallace Beanstcn, Monroe
Green, Chanes Conlln, George Purlenky,
William Muir. Beet Howell. Edgar Hpw
ell, Dr. Pinkham; Otto Schiller, Lloyd
Baruch, Dr. Claude Perry, Howard Van
Kirk. Kinar Wismtr, George Kaufmann,
Nanawa Brown, Bert de Haven, Charles
Warren. • I
Mr. and Mrs. S. Basch of 13S5 Geary
street celebrated the twenty-fifth anniver
sary of their wedding on Sunday, the 2d
of December. Their spacious pariorH were
most elaborately decoratM In a fashion
emblematic-' to.- the occasion. They, re
ceived the congratulations of their many
friends, accompanied by. elbstly and hand
some presents.- Refreshments were served
during the afternoon and in the evening
an elaborate supper was in order, after
which dancing was Indulged in.
A surprise party was given to William
Fabian on Thanksgiving eve, at his resi
dence, 661 Geary street:**; A -^most enjoy
able evening was spent in' singing, dan
cing, games and music, followed by a sup
per at a late hour. Among those present
were: Miss Cora .Burros, Miss Hattle
Harper. Miss Fanny Levy, Miss B. Hy
man. Miss S. Hyman, Miss Bccy Hyman,
Miss Freda Levy, Ml?sJ. Levy, Miss I.
Brown. Miss B. Berkman, Miss H. Berk
man, Miss S. Nathan, Miss S. Blumen
thal. Miss R. Felix. Miss Laupunsky,
Miss Rose Schatz, Miss K. Morris, Miss
L. William*, Mr. and Mrs. B. Fabian, Mr.
and Mrs. L. Goldstein, Mrs. M. Fabian.
William Fabian. M. Felixr Louis Levy, A.
Seyden. J..0UI3 Schatz, S. Block, S. Trenk,
S. J. Harris, N. Cantor. A. C. Nathan,
Loon M. Rey, H. Wavpon. H. Hyman. S.
Ancor, A. Meyer. P. Mitchell. R. Shep,
Miss L. Dennery. Miss R. Dennery, B.
Rosenthal. H. Morris, Charles Gllck, J.
Watson, Professor J. P. Jacobs, H. Buhl
ert, George Williams.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
given Master Robert Bornsteln on
Thanksgivlrig night by his friends, at his
residence, 617 Gough street. The rooms
were beautifully (Iccorated with roses and
evergreens. Those present were: Misses
Lillie. Sadie, and Eva Finkelsteln. Millie
Joseph. Mary Vlshoot," Sarah and Lottie
Skootsky, Beckie Sterling, , Annie Hart.
Miriam Abrams. Minnie and Sophie
Hertzberg, Robert Abrams, Mary Jacobl,
Harry and Arthur Joseph, Gay and Har
old Abrams. Louis Hart, ¦ George Hertz
berg, George Harris, Mr. and Mrs. S.
Bornstein, Mr. and Mrs. J. Silverberg, Mr.
and Mrs. L. Rosenthal, Mrs.' H. Harris,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Joseph, Mr. and, Mrs. 1.
Packert, Mr. and Mrs. J. Sterling, Mr.
and Mrs. I. Abrams.
A select gathering of young .folks con
gregated by Invitation at the residence of
Henry Hyman. 1946 California street, on
Thursday nlsrht, the occasion being the
birthday .anniversary of Miss Kmfly,
youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Hyman. The parlors nnd drawing rooms
were elaborately and tastefully decorated
for the occasion with potted plants and
cut flowers, ferns and smllax. After the
usual formalities of reception and happy
congratulations the youngsters were es
corted into the large dining room, where
a bounteous banquet was served. After
supper dancing was in order.
A most J enjoyable farewell party was
tendered to Miss Emilie Cattermole at her
lesldence, 1522 -Mason street, on Sunday
afternoon, December 2. prior to her de
parture for Europe. The guests began ar
riving: about 3 o'clock, end after partaking
of a light luncheon passed the time in
singing, music and dancing, after which
an elaborate dinner was served. The
guests then returned to the parlors and
epent'the evening in playing games and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900.
26
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
PR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSB, Donohoe
bulldlnff. 1170. Market et., cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with tbe electric needle without pain or
•car. Permanency guaranteed : hours 1 to I p. m.
The greatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the ekln firm.
It renden the akin soft. ¦ "•'
smooth. cle«r. xrhlta and
Fouthful and cures Poison AsmbbV Jl4>~>»
Os.k and Ectema. It ls a JPHSsssttstsBsH.
liquid. Any cream of th»
confletency ot butter will JU-fHrlj' "jSV
etlmulate the growth of ifflcrvMV
hair on the face. Brah- "Sg zT "*»»">
man Toilet Cream ls i&a&L *9L^ssbbsV*
ruar&steed not to do so \VK3t nraTWr"
Prlco JOe. Brahman
Tooth Powdpr. 25c. All |t\'^BWHMFy
dnictieti and at offlca of >"^»»fc»B^t4«-J
ti 7: Pg£?*gi£ & r^* a ¦»«* •>*""•
n II I MS TlT 6 *™ " <veT (ail
¦•—¦«•«"— «am_« «af<- sod «u« (afiar «*'"">
' ' ' ADVEBTISEMEIfTS.-
- HA VE BEEN RESTORED TO HEALTH BT \
B / I .\ y M^^l^yy,^ ML /H^sLmE^KLj lA_f^LJyl v u isT $.9 *L/ 1^3 VLJr g
1 / -y__M6Kw Their letters a.re on. file in Mrs. Pfnkham's h
I / J^P^^^ office* ©Liid prove tKis staLteinent to be |
1 I Mr^ a f* 10 *' not mere boast, v^ \^ Women |
i \ W ""^v^P must take into consideraLtfon. ii\is great
I VvC^^L—l^^ a.nd \inequa!led record n^ v^ v^ n^ v^ j-
|j jt&Sr * Overshadowing, indeed, is the succes; of Mrs. Pink- |
I ftH?&?w am ' s medicine. Compared with it all other medicines for S
1 i^^^^t^^ /-7fxG3^^^ women are experiments. ;-•¦-¦
H Wh y ha§ L >' dia E * -Pinkham's Vegetable Compound |]
a 1^^/Hll^^^i^l accom P^ s hed its widespread results for good? J]*
h Wtt^^l^7ML I Why has it lived and thrived and done its glorious h
i I wor^ or a °l uarter °^ a centur y ' P
9 \ I Simply and surely because of its sterling worth. The -¦%
m O&k s^ffl^ I I rcason no other medicine has even approached its success is |j
i i^^^^^^^^I I P^ am^y anc^ positively because there is no other medicine h
m l^^^_^^^^_S I so g°°d for woman's ills. J
1 B_^^^^8gH. I J^^s^. &<* _^_f _£_/ Jt^a _4_9 Mi* JP^te-- 3
1 B^l^SililsBl ft These important facts when you ask for a bottle of Lydk I
I l^^^^S^^^S^ m Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at your druggist^; :' If Q
I c c^ cr^ as^ 3 y° u t0 ta^ e " somet hing else," telling you U
I t^ lat ' lt lS "J ust g ooc^ " or "much better" — to be better, i
I J^^SS^^^&S^^^Ji ' xt must nave cured more than 500,000 women ; to be as |
I «^lw Ww$S$Bim S°°d> lt m^5t have cured as many as 500,003 women — let [{
1 ~ fillllli*^^M8B8 m P r °duce his proof! Such a thing is impossible. The f]
1 Y^^^^-^^S^^Si me^ c^ ne ne offers you is only an experiment. All he knows \
i mi aoout it is that he can make a little more profit on it than j
I J^^^SB^g^^P Don't let druggists experiment on you. Demand :he E
I M^^^^^^^^ medicine that you know is all right, that 'has no equal, that |
1 backs a11 itS statements with positive proof. When you
I Mi^^^^x^^M kn° w that no other medicine in the world exclusively for f
I women has received such unqualified endorsement, is it wise E
I I^^^^^^^^P "Im et a ea^ er P ersua de you to buy something else which §
I h . e says ls "J ust as S ood >" and al1 >' ou n * v e in proof h |
I lli^feillil 'f^^^^Sl Wise is the woman who insists upon having- j
I^K^P^ Lydi«^ E. FinkK^m's
p&jjr^^ Vegetacble Compound
i
A Surprise
s*TO Til E.. •
LADIES
M. Siminoff,
The largest wholesale mannfactmer
on the coast, will make to order
High-Grade LADIES' TAILOR
SUITS at
Wholesale
'sT^^ ©
1228 MARKET STREET
I Creme ii
I delis
YyV "With winter comes the //
111 trouble of keeping the I
/// skin smooth and soft L\ i
Iff - Crcme do Lis will protect . \\
III It from all of winter's ills. If
,l\\ "_It softens and beau ti- : If
111- nes the skin and gives it f
J/J ; the freshness "of ¦ youth. I
/// At all druggrlsts*. \\
1(1 FREE FOR A YEAR I 1)
> i\\ T° Induce ' you to use //
\\\ Creme de LJs, the famous I
III . cosmetic, we are giving: X
lit, 'ree yearly subscriptions \\
vu Woman's r \ Jl
]] Home Companion,' (
In (Regular subiseriptlon \\ j
III price S1.00.) 11
l\ Drop us a card to-day for II
\\\ ¦-•¦•• ' full particulars -as to how //.
I I . you can get the magazine r
/// a year for nothing. I
In -* Mention this paper and • \\
If address E.B.HARRING- 11
IV TON & CO., Los Angeles, //
,\\\ Cal. If,
Ul Ell LvLlillluUi |
*k AK1 LiUUIJi I
JM^s MAGNIFICENT STOCK j
lBBg|!Jy3»*\g7 BRIC-A-BRAC, VASKS, J ;
jH&}kti*iiiy PAINTINGS. PICTURES, ) I
XjRg! ir ' r y STATUARY', ORNAMENTS,
¦ Tqm&r FINE CHINA and GLASSWARE
jBpT RICH CUT GLASS, \
4^Y ELECTRIC LIGHT STATUARY, ;
W. [ ' ART FURNITURE. ]
]^M& V ' Immense variety or Bne Art >f avi*lt!»9 I
• ¦ ' _^dEF** 7 •'^S».' selected from the different Art Centers ot ]
Europe ami America an<! frnm this y?ar"*
' Spi ..-I. S. & G.~GUMP CO., V
[^J^^pT^^y ; ''3 CEARY STREET. •The ftiamer Har.alei was launched at
the shipyards at Alameda P-»nt this aft
ernoon at 12:30 o'clock in the presence of
a large crowd. Miss Grace Godfrey,
eaujrhter of Captain Godfrey, who snper-
Steamer Hanalel Is Launched.
"Word has bp^n received from Congress
man Loud that "$100,000 has been appro
priated by the Government to entirely re
move Blossom Rock. When the old buoy
is gone fishers for rock cod will have to
{ind some other place at which to tie their
boats and angle. With Arch Rock pone,
Shag Rock a thing of the past and Blos
som Rock buoy removed there will not be
« menace to navigation in the Bay of San
Francisco eave the Presidio shoal.
Water on the Historic Spot.
Money Appropriated to Deepen the
BLOSSOM BOCK WILL GO.
The French bark Bourbaki cleared for
Quoenstown yesterday with 67.694 ctls wheat,
valued at tTS.GOO. and 24.OX) feet lumber dun
nase, valued at |3C0. Total value, $73,360
The British ship Fannie Kerr also cleared
yesterday for Queenstown with S2.C22 ctls wheat,
valued at $S2.600, and 25.000 feet lumber dun
nage, valued at $390. Total value. $S2.9»0.
The French bark Admiral Frou3e cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 65.511
ctls wheat, valued at $35,511, and 25,000 feet
lumber dunnage, valued at $375. Total value
I55.&S6. '
Wheat Shipments.
t$23 P Ti£ ht bulIt j h e.steamer for the
Interislartd Steam and Navigation Com
pany. She is 100 feet over all and 26 feet
beam. It is the purpose of the owners to
™ the ,. ves , s el in the coast trade and
among: the Islands. The machinery will
be put In by the Fulton Iron Works.
Intended the building of the vessel, broke
a K bott , \% °. f wlne over the vessel's bows as
she slid Into the water, naming her Ha-
Changing one's mind Is often a very
clever trick.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- Saturday, December 8.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg. - .
Stmr Brunswick, Andmen, 23 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put in to land passen
gers.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro. Ward. 30 days
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 18 days and
via Honolulu 6 days 18 hours.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 39 hours from
Port Lo* Anreles.
Stmr National City. Dettmcrs, 35 hours from
Port Los An-cles.
Stmr Luella, Madien, 36 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Btmr City of Para, Zeeder, 26 days from Pa
nama, etc.
Btmr City of Puebla, JeDsen. 59 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Newbunf, Peterson, 72 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. 28 hours from
Eureka. , ;
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, 4 days from Ta
coma.
Br stmr Belplan King. Weiss, 55 days from
Manila, via Hongkong 32 days, and via Naga
saki 23 days.
CLEARED. , ' f
. Saturday, December 8. •
Stmr South Portland, Wilson. Portland; Oeo
D Graj-.
Stmr Pomona, She*. Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. -'
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama; P M
5 B Co.
Hark Empire, Knacks, Adelaide; J J Moore
6 Co.
Fr bark Admiral Troude, Mace, Queenstown;
Sol Wamenhelm.
Fr bark Bourbakl, Lenormand. Queenstown:
Eppincer & Co.
Brig J D Spreckels, Rookes. Guam; Western
Commercial Co.
Brlg-t Harriet G, Wayland, Kailua; Williams,
Dlrnond & Co.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, La Paz;, Charles
Nelson. . ¦ •
Schr Sehome, Peterseti," Burrards Inlet;
Swayne & Hoyi.
, SAILED.
"Saturday, December S. '
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, San- Pedro-. '
Stmr Point Arena. Jensen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.,
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama, etc.
Stmr Nome City. Daniels, . .ij-v
Stmr National City, Dettmers, — -.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, Eureka. . .
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Rulton. Levinson, Astoria: «
Stmr Luella, Madsen, Caspar.
Ship America, Hardlnsr, Comox.
Brig J P Spreckels, Rooke, ' Guam.
Schr Laura. Pike. Johnson. La . Paz.
Schr Rio Rey, Skipper, .
Schr Forester, ' Smith, Port Townsend.
Schr Chaa R Wilson, Johnson, • Grays Har
bor. : " - . •: : ' '¦ ¦¦ ' : "¦ ¦
Schr .Monterey. Beck. Coos Boy. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec -8, MO p' nv- Weather
haxyrwind east; velocity 8 miles. '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Sequoia,
hence Deo 7. -.' ~. - . .--.. ¦ .
ROCKPORT— Arrlred Deo ' •— Stmr Scotia,
hence Dec 7. ¦ ¦. . , , •
. N EAH— Pawed In D«o , I— Br »tmr Robert
Adaoton. from Baa Diego, tor Manalmow .
day for Guam with the following cargo, valued
at $15,982:
3 cs axle grease, 8430 lbs bread, 4 cs boots and
shoes, 2041 lbs beans, SCO lbs cheese, 21,322 lbs
corn, 345 cs canned goods, 15 cs drugs, 7 cs
dry goods, 750 bbls flour. 30 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 20 bales hay, 1443 galvanized
Iron. 34,000 feet lumber, 150 bbls lime 7 pkgs
machinery. 15 tins matches, 62 kocs nails, 22
crs onions, 50 cs oil, 250 crs potatoes, 12 cs
powder, 29.470 lbs rice, « crs stoves, 35 cs soap
216 bbls ealmon. 7S97 lbs sugar, 200 lbs tobacco.
A Cargo for Guam.
The brig John D. Epreckels cleared yester-
The American schooner Laura Pike cleared
yesterday for ta. Paz. Mexico, with 147,473 feet
lumber, 10.000 laths and 10,000 shingles, valued
at ?1969.
The bark Empire cleared yesterday for Ade
laide, Australia, with 1000 ct> salmon and 778 -
870 feet lumber, valued at $33,576.
Shipments of Lumber.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
steamer Curacao, which sailed Friday for Mex
ico, carried the following:, valued at $54,564:
15 cs apolllnaris, 10 drums acid. 20 cs ap
ples, 21 ctls barley. 10,250 lbs bran, 15 csks beer
20 bbls cement. 37.667 lbs corn. 60 cs canned
goods. S pkgs Chinese merchandise, 61 bdls
cordage, 6 cs dry goods, 14 cs drugs, 454 pkgs
fruit and vegetables, 4 cs fuse, S cs gin, 25
grindstones. 868 pkgs groceries and provisions
173 cs hardware. 257 bdls iron. 13.706 feet lum
ber. 17 era millwork. 179 pkgs machinery, 99
kegs nails, 4 cs oil, 180 crs potatoes. 50 crs
onions, 276 pkgs produce. 100 flasks quicksilver
10 cs shoes. 24 bdls steel. 14 pkgs tinware 14
cs stationery, 3 chests tea, 77 cs 3S7 gals wine.
2 crs wagon material.
An Additional Manifest.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer City of Sydney sailed yesterday
for. Panama with a general cargo, valued at
$128,676. manifested as follows: For Central
America, *S3.570;'for Panama, $5867; for South
America, $732; for New York. 136.507. The fol
lowing were the principal shipments:
For Central America— 127 bxs apples. 2 cr»
agricultural Implements, 4844 lbs beans, 60 pkgs
250 gals beer, 88,000 lbs bluestone, 4S gals
brandy, 2 tons coke, 2 tons coal. 13 crs carriage
material, 50 cs candles, 212 bbls^ cement. 4880
lbs codfish,- 42 colls cordage, 14 cs canned goods.
8 C8 Chinese merchandise, 741« gals coal oil, S3
bbls cocoanut oil, 39 cs drugs, 30 pkgs 3188 lbs
dried fruit, 170 cs dry goods. 22 cs fruit, 16 cs
fuse, 7151 bbls Hour, 1003 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 16 grindstones, 13 cs glassware, 37
cs hardware, 30 bales hay, 82 kegs white lead,
23.3S8 lbs malt. 22S0 lbs lard, 8 cs liquors, 23,000
feet lumber, 193 pkgs machinery. 19 kegs nails,
1931 lbs oats, 74 cs 2 bbls oil. 30 crs onions, 46«
crs potatoes, 19 cs photo goods, 61 cs paint, 40
cs paste, 100 flasks quicksilver. 41,814 lbs rice,
1310 lbs sugar, 110 cs salmon. 26 cs turpentine
14 bdls epice, 49 cs stationery. 71.8C6 lbs tallow
5 cs tars, 5 bbls 172 cs whisky, 11,878 gals 46 cs
wine, 40 reels wire.
For Panama— 3S0 colls cordage, 2 chests tea
6 cs whisky, 4942 lbs sugar, 5 cs zinc. 50 crs
potatoes, 750 bbls flour, 3962 lbs sugar, 104 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 30 cs paste, 3526 gals
wine. . .
In transit— 323 cs silk. 27.500 lbs rice, 122 cs
prepared meats, valued at $13,100.
For South America— 1290 lbs lard. 11 cs canned
goods, 4 pkgs groceries and provisions, 2S bbls
dried shrimps.
For New York— 299« ctls barley, 161 gals
brandy, 7 cs shells, 61.138 gals wine. 2820 cs
salmon. 13 cs rubber goods. 50 bales. rags, 25 c*
canned goods, 2 cs clocks, 16 cs prcservallne.
The Alex Gibson loads 'lumber at Moodyvllle
for Cape Town. Tls 3d: the Carmanian, wheat
for Europe, as* 9d, net; the H. C. Wright, mer
chandise for Kahulul; the Glenloch, wheat at
Tacoma for St. Vincent for orders, 45s.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
' Shipping Merchants;'
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
THE following- letter will be consld- j
ered by the State Harbor Com
mission at Its regular meeting to
morrow:
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 5, 1900.
Hon. Paris Kllburn, president Harbor Com
missioners, Union ferry depot, city— Dear Sir:
We notice in the Evening Tribune of Oakland
November 24 an Interview with Congressman
Metcalf, the gist of which is that the harbor
facilities of San Francisco are inadequate to
accommodate the Increased shipping due to the
enlarged trade with our new possessions in the
Hawaiian and Philippine Islands, and that the
harbor of Oakland will be deepened, new
wharves built, etc., for the purpose of meet
ing such demands.
We have seen similar interviews published
with United States Senator Perkins and are
constantly hearing complaints that the wharf
age facilities are not sufficient in San Fran
cIpco at the present time. The four ne 4 w .
wharves which are being constructed by your
board between Lombard and Union streets will
Increase the wharfagre space to a considerable
extent, but should not plans be arraneed for
still further accommodations?
We desire to proffer our assistance to this
end and shall thank you for any suggestions
as to how our efforts may be effective. We
aie firmly convinced that thi shipping of this
port can .ill be cared for in San Francisco.
If the shipping facilities are not sufficient at
the present time, our duty is manifest— we
mu«t improve and extend them. Very respect
fully yours.
NORTH CENTRAL IMPROVEMENT
ASSOCIATION.
CHARLES S. NEAL. President.
EDGAR PAINTER, Secretary.
At the present time the Commissioners
are doing all fn their power to increase
the harbor facilities. The new wharves
mentioned in the letter are contracted for,
and as soon as Congress grants permis
sion every wharf from the sea wall to the
Mail /dock will be extended from 150 to 250
feet This will make a big increase in the
dock room ana may relieve the conges
tion. : v
FKOM
SEA
AND
SHORE
SEATTLE- Arrived ' Deo 8— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Deo 6.* ¦ : -
Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Ruth, for Skagruay. Deo
8— Stmr ProKreso, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed , . in Dec 8— Br
Bhlp-Centeeinia, from Nasasakl. , ;
PORT HADLOCK- Sailed Dec 8— Schr Charles
E Falk. for San Francisco. • ; ..
BOWENS - LANDING— Arrived Dec .8— Schr
Bender Bros, hence Dec 6; schr ; Mary Etta,
hence Dec 4.
Arrived Dec 8— Schr J Epplnger. hence Dec 7.
Sailed Dec 8— Schr Free Trade, for Sun Fran
cisco. Dec 7— Stmr Navarro. for Port Los An-
Be \STORlA~ Arrived Dec 8— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, from China; stmr Despatch, hence
Dec 5: Fr ship Alice, from Nagasaki. '
Sailed Deo 8— Br bark Mbrven. for Queens-
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Deo 7— Stmr W
HKruser, hence Deo 3.
Arrived Dec 8— Schr La Glronde. from San
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 8-^Ger etmr Hathor,
for San Francisco; stmr Iaqua, for San Fran
cisco; U S stmrs Philadelphia and Iowa,' for
cruise.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 21— Br stmr War
rlmoo, from Sydney. Nov 2+— Br stmr Aoransi.
from Victoria: U S stmr Sheridan, hence Nov
16. Nov 28— Ger bark J C Glade, from Bremen;
bktn Planter, hence Oct 31 ; bark St Katherlne.
hence Oct 30; stmr Mariposa, hence Nov 22.
Nov 29— Brig W G Irwln. hence Oct 30: stmr
City of ' Rio de Janeiro, from Yokohama; ship
James Nesmith, from Newcastle.
Sailed Nov 21— Schr Robert Lewens. for Port
Townsend. Nov 23— Ship C F Sargrent, for Port
Townsend; Br ship Yolo, for Seattle. Nov 24—
Schr- Eureka, for Eureka: Br stmr Aorangi.
i for Sydney. Nov 2S— Bark Albert, for Saj»
I Francisco. Nov 27— U S stmr . Sheridan, for
Manila: stmr China, for Yokohama; Br stmr
I Almond Branch, for Manila. Nov 23— Stmr
| Maripoea. for Sydnay. Nov 30— Bktn S N Cas
tle, I for • San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Cleared Dec 7— Ship Susquehan
na, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ADELAIDE — Arrived Dec 8 — Ship J B
i Thomas, from Chemalnus.
NANAIMO— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr San Mateo,
hence Dec 3.
! MAZATLAN— Sailed Dec 7— Brig Pitcalrn.
for Tres Marias.
Arrived about Nov 1— Schr Halcyon, fronr
Fort Bra^ET- ¦
i PANAMA— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Colon, hnc
I Oct 27: stmr Coata Rica, from Champerlco.
i PENZANCE— Arrived Dec 7— Br ship Lizzie
Bell, from Astoria.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 6— Br, stmr Queen
Adelaide, from Tacoma.
ACAPULCO— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr San Jose,
from Nanalmo.
Sailed Nov 30— Stmr Barracouta, for Panama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
. NEU* YORK— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr Patricia, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr
Etrurla, for Liverpool; stmr Menomlnee, for
London; stmr Potsdam, for Rotterdam; Btmr
Columbia, for Naples.
Sailed Deo 8— Stmr Furnessla, for Glasgow.
BRISBANE— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Aorangt,
from Vancouver, via Honolulu, for Sydney,
NSW.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Lak?
Chamnlaln. from Montreal, for Liverpool.
HAMBURG — Arrived Dec S— Stmr Vaderland,
for New York, via Southamoton.
HAVRE— Balled Dec 8-^Stmr La Cham
pagne, for New York.
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 5— Stmr Eva, for
Portland, Or.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to Dec 8 — Stmr
Hongkong Maru, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Hongkong.
MUROVAN— Sailed Dec &— Stmr St Bede. for
Port Townsend.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAND OPEFRA MOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME*
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOONi
- ASSURED SUCCESS OF
THE OLIVER-LESLIE CO.
Last Nlsht of
"THB PRISONER OF ZENDA."
Week Commencing TO-MORROW EVENING,
First Time In This City, of th« Great En«Ush
. Melodrama,
"MAN'S ENEMY."
First Appearance at This Theater of the Fa.-
, vortte Leadlns Actor.
WILLIAM BEACH.
Prices— 10c, 13c, 25c. 60c. A Few Front Rows
In Orchestra. 75c. Matinets— 10c. 15c, 25c 60c
No Higher. Branch Ticket Of flee. Emporium.
CHUT£S_and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND ~ EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
Including -—
THE JACKSONS,
In Their HURRICANE BOXING ACT.
AQUATIC SPORTS ON THE LAKE
THIS AFTERNOON.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
RACING I RACING I RACING !
1900— WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC" Sd to DEC." loth. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
>'ive or more races each day. -''¦>.
- Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp. . '" - >
- ' Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
r wlth,tralns stopping at the entrance to tho
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland- mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric : cars at Seventh and ¦ Broadway, Oak-
land.- Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San 'Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes. » - - -
i Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:46 p. m. and Immediately alter the last rao*.
, THOMA 8 H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
L - R. B. MILBOT. Secretary. .: • ¦ ¦
OCEAN TBAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISBi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Branr.an streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at HonckanR w^ith Eteamere for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
.-..Saturday, December 29, 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thurtday. January 2i, 1901
ES. NIPPON MARU
Tuetday. February 19, 1901
Round-trip tickets at rednced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY, General Agent.
PANAMA R.-R;-SS?
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ST. PAUL sai's December 18,
S. S ROANOKE sails January 8,
From wharf, foot of Fremont Ft., at 2 p. m.
FreifcM and rasseneer office. 330 Market st.
P. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
ES.- SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa,' New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. December 12, 9 p. m.
ES. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)....
Wednesday. December 26, 2 p. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;..
Sunday, January (, ( p. a.
I O.SFRECrilS 4 BROS. CO., General Agents. 32/ Uarket St
; Sea'l PassHygr BBa. 643 Market St., Pfar Ha. 7, Pacfis St
COKPAGKIE GEiriSALi: TRANoATLANTIQuTS.
D1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of foT^*«3
Saturday, from November 2. 1SS3. at '"S^aaiSEi-
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre. Jj5 and
upward. Second-class to Havre, $42 50 and ud-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,
I'aciflc Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery, avenua.
Eai: Francisco. . . - .
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. HAYY YARD AND YALUJB.
Steamer "Montlcello."
¦MON. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. in.. 3:1*. 8: JO p. m. (ex.'Thur«. night); Fri-
days 1 P. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. an. ; t
n. m. Landlnr and office. Mission-street Deck.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150*.
FARE ,. .>.... — .~..« n . u *~.fH
BEGINNING TO-MORROW, MONDAY,
THIRD AND LAST WEEK.
ALICE NIELSEN
And the ALICE NIELSEN OPERA COMPANT.
Direction of Frank L. Perley.
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday EVn.
"THE FORTUNE TELLER."
By Herbert & Smith.
Thursday. Friday and Saturday Ev'gs and
i • Saturday Matinee.
".•'THE SINGING /GIRL."
By Herbert, Smith and Stange.
Dee. 17-FREDERTCK WARDE.
' AK Kllinghouse, Proprietor and Manager.
> . Phone Fouth 770.
Starting With Matinee To-day.
TO-NIGHT, ;
Farewell Week— Forever and Ever,
THE RAYS' HOWLING SUCCESS.
"A HOT OLD TIME"
' John W. Jess as Larry ilooney.
I Don't be Deceived— This Is the Real Fun Maker
Entire Change — New. Songs, New Dances,
N8W Music.
Evening— 15c, 25c, S5=, 50c and 75c' Matinee—
; 15c. 25c, 35c and . 50c. ' *
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT. December lft-6
! ntehts only 5— The Boston Lyric Opera Com-
pany 50 people, 50, direct from New York,
headed by the favorites. Slgnorlna Collamarinl
and Slgnor,Russo. Farewell appearances In a
grand revival of "Carmen."
OLYMFIA c E o D »%f &„
I THE ONLY FREK VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
. THB CITY.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY,
Hunt's Dog Circus,
One of the, Best Animal Acts Ever Seen In San
Frandeco. ¦ • '
MftBELllDSON,
In "Some Entirely New Songs.
MISS MAlTlNDOR,
' Vaudeville's Sweetest ¦. Singing. Comedienne. -
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANT
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT . FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY^
ADMISSION FRBBi t
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
K Steamers leave Broadway
fc^^ wharf. Sen Kranclsco:
yfS»w_ r"<Jr Alatkan Porte— 11 a. m .
K^IIJsk Hec. 2, 7, 12, 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
B*aSSijr4^ai For Victorts, Vancouver fB
L^tJK-^V-i C.). }-crt TcwnntDd. Sf-attl.-.
| l^te££A£ T&eoma. Kverett. Anacort»->
and New Whatcom (Wa?h.)— i;
a. m.. D«c. :. 7. 12. 17. 22 27
Jan. 1. snd every ttfth <J»v th»r^aft»r. Cha.n*r
at 6*attle lcr this company** eteamers for
Alaska and G. N". Rr. ; at S-etUe or Taeoma to
H. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. -
For Eureka.' Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Dec.
4. 8, 'A. IS. 24. 2S. Jan. 3. and, every fifth day
thereafter.
Kcr Ran E>Je«t>. etoppine only at Santa Bar-
bars, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. W»dn«sd»ys, » a. m.:
Etpamer Santa Rosa, Eundsvs. 9 a. m.
For Sar.ta Cruz. Monterey. Fan f?im«ron. Cayu-
coe. Port n&rford 'Fan L«'fs Ob!«po). Gavlota..
Har.ta Darfcarr.. WnturB. Huonerne. San Pedro.
Hast £an Pedro (I/o* Ai)B.e1«»f) and Newport—
Eteairer Corona. Fridays, J a. m.; fteamer
De*!ta. Tce*«ay*. > s. m.
ifer Knser.arta, I.*a«rda>na. TJay. Pan J»^e d»l
Caho MaratUn. Altata. I^a Paz. Fanta Roy»!la
ard Guayma* iM^x.)— I" ¦- m.. "th each month.
For f'irther Information obtain company'*
folder*. "-.•:• .
The company rtfrve* th* r!sht to chanr*
Ftmnrra, «allir.s iiates ar.d hours of railing
without previous notJr*.
TK'KriT *»»•"»• ««"B — • New Mor.tgomsry
ftrp^t <Palare I*ot«>l).
GOODALL, PFHI'TNP ft CO.. On. Ae?r.ts.
10 Msrk-t st. Kan Franctseo.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
UISPATCH FAST BTEAJIEUS TO
PORTLAND
From firx-ar-rirert Whar' at II •¦ m.
CADE £12 firti Clo$* Including Berth
F AHt $8 Second Class andMeala.
K.!or^ end ell points in the Northwest.
Through tlc^s io
620 Market fct.
¦ ¦
AMERICAN LINE.
«rrw TOM. 6OOTHAXPT0K. LCHD0H. FXMS.
Stopping at Cnorboure. w«Btcx)und
From New York Every Wednesday. U a. m.
Sew York Dec. 1! New York Jan. 2
k .::::::SS: S %%$&? .:::::'- J
BED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Frcm New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Vrietland Dec 12\ Westemland ....Jan. 2
Fou?hwarJc Dec Ml Keaslnrtoa Jan.*
¦Weetemland ...Dec 2S!Noordland Jan. li
For freisht and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery eu. Or sJJjrjpf lt» Menu.
WEEK COMMENCING TO-DAY,
SUn DAT MATIHKK, DgCBMBggP.
GOOD^GOODS L\ GOOD VAUDBVILLB^
DAVIS sMACAULEY
Present in«- Will M. Cressy** Latest Soocmhl
"ONE CHRISTMAS EVE."
THE HARMONY FOUR
In an Original Musical Comedy Creation.
"AT THE WAY STATION."
' SPENSER KELLY
America's Popular Barytone.
AHERN and PATRICK
Irish Comedy S lnger» and Eccentrto Itoetwi
PATRICE and COMPANY
Cantlnalag by Btqnest "THE GIBL IS TBS gOPy.'*
ROBERTUS and WILFREOO
Europe's Marvelous Acrobatic Jusrgler*.
MAY DE SOUSA
In Some New Son«rs-
PANTZER TRIO
In an Original Acrobatic Specialty.
RETURN OF THE EVEB WELCOME
BIOGRAPH
Presenting Views Never Before Shown la Baa
Francisco.
Parquet. 25c. any seat: Balcony7"l0c: Cnil-
dren. 10c. any part except reserved. A tew
front orchestra rows reserved, 5Cc; front row»
of Balcony, reserved, tSc.
— ——^—— — —^—^— — — ——^ —^—m
¥OLi*
TO-MORROW begins
THE LAST WEEK
Of the Great Comic Opera.
3h il I H WJ Bra *¦ |\f H SLalV 1
Don't Miss This SuperbTri umph
Only Eight Nights More and
Saturday Matinee.
SANTA GLAUS IS COMING
AND SO IS
CINDERELLA!
Who Will Be With Us on
MONDAY NIGHT, DECEMBER IT
The Greatest Christmas Spectacl» Evar Beta
In This City.
Biff Double Company and Chorus. Corps da
Ballet ot Forty. The Latest Songa, Jokea,
Dances, Tricks, etc. Gorgeous Costumes,
Scenery ar.d Transformation.
"CINDERELLA"
Will Please Both Young and Old.
POPULAR PRICES, 25c and 50c.
Telephone Bush 9.
FTSCHER'S concert house.
r IDlrnrift O Admission tOc.
COGILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS Cf
"ALL MIXED!" "ALL MIXED!"
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICA&
ACTS!
Reserved seats. I5o. Matineea Sunday.
PqIsPO These hotels poi-
1 aiatC . scss the attributes
• \ j that tourists and
JIHQ travelers aooreciate
—central location.
dv Q n H libcral manaKe-
vll dilU ment. modern ap-
TT -l. 1 pointments and
nOt CIS Perfect cuisine.
American and Eu-
San Francisco ropean plans.
STATEMENT
—OP THB—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS!
¦¦ ¦ -Qy TT1E— —
New Amsterdam Casualty
COMPANY
OF NE^VV YORK. IN THB STATE OF NSWI
York, on the 31st day ot December, A. X>.
1399. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th*
' Stats of California, pursuant to the provision*
of Sections 610 and ill of the Political Cods,
condensed as per blank furnished by tna Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. .
Amount of Capital Stcck. paid op In
Caah .1300.000 Ofr
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1275.000 09
Cash In Company's Offlc* 3,347 M
Cash In Banks U.SS3 IS
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 14» a
Premiums in due Course of Collection. M.7M 03
Total Assets _m«,M4 IS
LIABILITIES. '"
Leases In process of Adjustment or la
Suspense 25.SM H
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 1,175 Ot '
Gross premiums on Risks running on*
year or less, J....; reinsurance J«
per cent S0.ro U
Gross premiums on Risks running
- more than one year, S....; reinsur-
ance pro rata H9 S
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 1«C7
Due tor reinsurance S.J07 S3
Total Liabilities ... «n.m 7»
INCOME. ==a
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums mi,ra n
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loana. and from all
other sources 7.4S9 »
Total Income 1113.83 iy
EXPKMTJITtTRES.
Net amount paid for Losses.. 130.70 IS
raid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage I9,8914<
Pall for Salaries. Fees and oth«r
charges for officers, clerks, eto U.740 M
Paid for State. •National and Local
taxes : J.0S7 TJ
All other payments and expenditures.. 44,131 a
__
Total Expenditures $129,513 TS
— T
EDWARD V. LOEW. President.
CHARLES T. HOPPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me tola Rt4t
day of January, 1900.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Commissioner for California.
E. F\ GREENE,;
GENERAL AGENT,
405 Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL,
FHOISE MfllN SOIB. - .
T3T»TTC'TJ'17Q FOR BARBERS. BAJC-;
OKlJijnilO ««¦ bootblacks, bath.
T houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, caaaanv
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, p— ¦
bangers, prlntsr*. painters, shoe factorlaa, •ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eto.
BUCnA>AN BROS..
Br«i!) Manufacturers, 600 .S^gramenta SV I
O-M-M-M-M I I I »h-:-I I : I H-M 1 I I I I I I I H I j ; : I n I I I 1 I I I I I •
| Dry Goods Company. |
.% v ' ¦¦, J*
I Art Dep't. Millinery. I
i. (SECOND FLOOR.) CSECOXD FLOOR.)
| Lace Pieces. Novelty F oral Hats, |j
$ Beautiful, Original Ideas in TRIMMED HATS — An t
r Scarfs, Squares Tab : e Covers, e , t , ine of g^ Hats to |
4. Centers, Doylies, etc., in ,,' f <tc nn * <rm I
T FUffor,u« m d • se '' ' rom $5.00 to $10.00 r
j. Dattenberg, Oluny, Renais- **
J sance and Duchess9 Laces. each |
I Sofa Cushions. Half Pr;ce. |
t First choice and a great All Trimmed Hats are re- J
f variety in Original Shapes, duced to half the original 4-
j; Stylss and Colors. prices. f
t\ Tapestry. Connelly Turbans, j:
V. Antique an J Modern Styles, ( The Proper Wear with '.'.
•f in patterns for Chairs, Scarfs, \ Sty : ish Tailored Gowns. ••
T Screens, Cushions, Panels, etc. (Appointed agents.) •;
f CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ~
•j* SE. Corner Gearj and Stoekton Streets, Saa Franoisoo. * • •
2 UNION S<PU/\RE. - *|
21 MAIL AN'D EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. II
ik^K// Stylish and Useful
¦MJjmL Presents. . '
¦.^Bj, FUR CAPES $15,520, $25.
Jvl~ jS^S^?^»rflF Nothing: more acceptable and more stylish than
/Pl\ Jt-a^^T^y^ an ELEGANT FUR CAPE. We are sellinp REAL.
(A #u lf» NEAR SEAL. CAPES, with Persian Lamb yoke, ele-
Wf fly A • A ' £ a ntly.'silk or satin lined. They look like sealskin:
7 1 iT Js-\ are well made; are guaranteed to give satisfaction.
'HANDSOME JACKETS $7.50.
#M^tl-*^f^t^ HEAVY COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, made In
' ¦' MSW.kM^^^^StaiKm the vef y latest style: silk lined; hiph collar; larse
F^lSP-'Vi© 1 flSM*"^ revers: both beautifully trimmed. Regular price is
fliiro AUTOMOBILE and BOX
'iWHSr.:: . COATS $10.00.
So|i5i^ ; l >J^W BOX COATS, 26 Inches long, made of good quality
ifiliXp^'i' %'raai 41 Kersey, in black, navy blue and tan: fine tailoring:
HBjfrejfral: :^™Ba^ an exceedin S>y stylish garment, at less money than
Bf^W^fl^r BEGINNING TO-MORROW OUR STORE Wlil.
.¦"WflJlW^; REMAIN OPEN EVENINGS TILL CHRISTMAS.
CLOAK and SUIT BOUSED
\ 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.I^l
THIS SUNDAY MATINEE AND NIGHT.
IT j 117 .11 MATINEES 1 1 SPECIAL || COMEDY
NPYT WPPk SATURDAY, DOUBLE AND
nWAl ?TtWa|| SUNDAY. || BILL.' || TRAGEDY.
The Most Remarkable One-Act Play Ever Written.
1VJ AHA 1VI P tessar
i V li n.JSL*)PM li 1 V M. PI d ONE
BUTTERFLYs-
MMWMMMwm. PYGMALION
GILBERT'S Mythological Comedj, /> A 1 A r T r TJ A
HISS LILA CONYERE as Galatea. cHlO ijALA I HA.
j0^k 1 CALIFORNIA
y^^P^^^^^^^^hp. • ', ••••The Popular House....
W^^^^^^^m co MMEHGiN6 this afternoon'
K^ '/ i J (^^^^/j/j 'i I BUTSMILESI I
iv '¦^f i i3'/ 9' \ JOHN ffl. WELCH
JM'Wt^A ' ~..r*~~^?i / /%^35S^ff5^R i ' n " le R' n ft' n S Success
TJjg -fm^fj gQ y./. ' Hi). 1
Next . . "OLE OLSEN" I A POPULAR FLAY AT POPULAR PRICES!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well Known Au-
thority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to AH.
Out of the chaos of old-time failure comes a
new and startling cure for rupture. Dr. W. S.
ltlce, 418 N. Main st., Adams, N. T., has In-
vented a method that cures without pain, dan-
1IR. CHAS. LAXGE.
ger, operation or an hour's loss of time from
the day's work. To avoid all questions of doubt'
he sends free to every sufferer a free trial of
his method and there can be no earthly reason
why any one, rich or poor, should not avail
i themselves of this generous offer. As an . in—
j stance of this remarkable method, the cure of
! Chas. Lange, Morrison, 111.. Is a welcome piece
of Intelligence.
Mr. Lanse is a well preserved old gentleman,
72 years of age, ; and for eighteen years had a
bad double rupture which no treatment could
cope with. After a short use of the Rice
method the left rupture healed entirely and the
I right was almost closed in a few weeks. To-
day he is as sound as a dollar, wears no truss
or other support and his cure is only one of
hundreds of similar cases reported by those
who use the Rice method. Send for this free
trial. Don't be backward. .It will surprise you
with it« wonderful power to heal. And if you
know of other runtured people ask them to
write or write for them. Do not fail to write
at once:-do so to-Oay.
TO THE PUBLIC!
¦fPl|f,|| - SAN FRANCISCO, Oct.
6, 1900.— To whom it may
'Cte2y™^9 concern: This Is to cfrtlfy
WS?' that DR. WONG HIM of
JftSEjl? I 115-117 Mason street, San
tif /» / Francisco, has cured me
"VjJJSV J ¦ of kidney trouble and
/t£j5£r*/ rheumatism and I am
happy to make this state-
jggkt T*^ J©%v ment. as I find the Doctor
Mrii'tly honest in every
. - *w.ytti«*S.N s * honorable man in all Ills
dealings. DR. C. A. GAY. Dentist, 902 SeconJ
ave., Seattle, Wash.
PINOLK. June 23. 1899.— I take this means ••{
expressing my thanks to Dr.' Wong Him, 115-
117 Mason street, San Francisco, for having
cured me of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I was a great sufferer for 15
years and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wong. Him and. in six months' time
he. has cured me. Any person wishing me to
certify this can find me.
: . MRS. GEORGE BETZ
Pinole. Contra Costa County, Cal.
S. F., December *. 1899.— Dr. Won* Him. 113-
117 Maoon St., S. F., Cal.— Dear Sir: For the
benefit of others I wish to make a statement of
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
ing with sis eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. ¦ Hearing; of Dr. Wonjr
Him, and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. . He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I am now ; well. and
strong. Yours, respectfully,
¦¦-¦¦¦ MRS. BARLOW. 1C27 Mission St.. S. F.
' t AMTJSEMEIITS, ,
Sn goursinopark
TO-DAY I
Sunday*' December 9,
128— NOMINATIONS— 128
Every , Hound
a Champion!
$1500-Priz3 Money--$1500
TRAIN SERVICE:
.-Leaves Third and Townsend streets 9:15 a. in.,
10:15 a. m., 11 a,' m., 12 m. and 1 p. 1 m. : Re-
turning at 4:43 p. m. and after the last course.'
San* Mateo electric cars every six minutes.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
- P % \ from the horrors of I
(I MM Dyspepsia and the 1
; intensified horrors 'of 1
Insomn ia by taking I
I e»MTLE tt^f Johnson's Digestive I
APPMCATIOS TO ~ H
Pharmacal Co., 1 afcletS (IrapO-ids) * 1THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; STJNDAT, DECEMBER 9, 1900,
28
SAN FHAJTC1SCO CALL.
BTJEINT_S OFFICE of The San FraEdFOo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until _ o'clock every nicht in the rear.
BRANCH OrnCES— £27 Montsomery street,
corner Clay; owm until $:S0 p. m.
SOO Hayes etreet; open until 9:20 p. m.
C!S McAlIist*^ street; open until 8:30 p. m. \
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1P41 _i_:cn street: open until 10 p. _.
—61 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
ontil S p. m.
JOfi Elen-er.th etrieet: cx>en until 9 p^ tn.
IC'^6 Valencia street ; open until ? P- tn.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; ppwi until 9 p. m.
curncu seiivices.
TRINITY Cl-.urch. corr.-r Push and Gough rts.. j
tte Rev. Trrderick \V. Clampett. U.P.. rector ;
— Holy Coramaaion. S a. m. : morning service, i
11 c'clocic; evvnint prayer. 4 o'clock. I-"ri<lay. ;
eervics cf (ntCT— sslon tat areiy and pavvy l
at 11 a. ra. The rector will preach. j
C7. LUKE'S Kp-^copal Church, ccr. of Van i
Nets ave. and C!jij- «t. Holy comniui.ion. i
m. m. M«B— c p— ywr. 11 o'clock. vf:^ \
t-ervice. 7:45 o'clock. Rer. T. J. Mackay. ree- ,
tor of All Bair.ts' Church, Omaha, win
preach both moraag *nd evening. > j
6T PAVI/S Cliurch. California St., near Fill- ;
more. Rew W. M. R— Ojr. rector; liev. f
C. Wiison. assistant -II"!y Comir.uniosi. >.Ji,
a ni ' £ui.du> -schooi. t':4S a. m.; morning j
ntnr and utrm.cn. 11 o'clock; evensrg j
pnycr ':¦¦¦ & clock. The rector will preach ¦
tt both Berslcas. Weekday tervices dally at j
10 _ m. .
CALVARY Prwb>terian Church, at Y. M. C |
A. b_lo:ns. eomtr Ot Ma>on ar:d El!.s ets.— |
Rev. John KempbUL D.U-. pastor, ivi.i
preach. Ser\-lces at U a. m. snd 7:30 p. m.
In the evtfrir.t: trill be be!d the Bret of a ;
¦eries of »ti \'.tXB specially for young Men. j
Short addresses by Ifrnry J. McCoy, peneral i
secretary tan Francisco Toung Men's Cnris- ;
tlaa Af f Kiiitioa. by Fred Cuttle, peneral sec- ;
rei_-y Cdleg* Assaeistloa. Berkeley, and by j
the pa«rr. I>r. Heaiphlll- Christian Kr.- j
Prriety meets at C:SC. as usual. G.v)d i
prayer-nM'eTirsiE on \S*«-unesday «»vetiins at S .
o'clock. Vo-jng n:eu and all btrang?rs j
epeclftily Invited. j
CENTRAL ; SIet!»oa_t El :scopal Church, Mis- j
eion «-. near SixUi— Dr. S. D. Hutsinr iller I
will conduct worship nv.d preach at 11 o'clock j
on the topic. "Great P*rs?na: Influcncee."
and at 7:30 o'clock on the topic "Invitations
and Incentives to Lbe B«st Life." Hobcrt
L!cy<3 and choir conduct the exo-Uent music, j
Frt-e Sf-atJ? RJid wel-otne for all. ;
FI1_T ConcnglttCffl— Church, corner Tost ar.d j
Mat=cn fts— P.ev. Gemse C. Adama, V.V.. \
pastor, wi'.l rr^ach at both sen-ices. At 11 a. j
m... th«ine. "ImTnajiu"! find JesuF." At 7:33 j
p. rn.. ther.ie. ••V."hat Is Your Life?" All are J
ccrfla!!y tortted. I
EKCOND Unitarian Church, coiner Twentieth
and Capp s=t».— Sundty-rrhool. 10 a. m. : rforn-
ing service. 15 b. tji. . preaching toy Rev. K.
F. Din* mere of Santa Barbara, subject. "The
Unkno^-n *"srA." C\enln« service at 7:45
o'clock, preaching hy Ur. Dlnam or*, subject.
"¦T!ie Al>andoncJ N>tt." Seats free. All are
lnvitod. Music a sp-'cial feature.
FIRST Church oZ Christ. Scientist. Central I
block, VIS gutter ft., btiweea Kearn}- ft. and
Grar.t av«.— CJiristian Bctenee Bible I<»sr-on at
11 a. tn.; subject. "Sacrament." Sunday- ;
echool ior dlildrrn «t ;he &eme l.our. Wednos- |
<5ay evening rncctias ot S o'cIck-u. Free read- i
tnc-room, i' ! 6 K^amy st.. room 5;0. AH are t
m elcotr.e. > j
First Divine i-cien.-^e Church, M. J>- |
Cramer, paster, rr^ets etti> Sur.Jay at 11 a. j
j:-.., lr. "Home Colics*." S3W Sevt-r.teemh St.. j
between Valencia and Mips;lcn. Sunday-school ;
at 10 a. tn.. discourse by the pastor.
AN e~ t&cet— t froni New York— liev. 1. T. j
We'.Is. D.D.. will ccrurr the pu!;>it of the
Frsr.klin Street Prc«byterl»a Church, comer i
cf V&Ilejo Ft. Scrvii.f»fc at 11 a. m. and 7:C0 |
p. m.; n.ornlrj? theme. "How to Make an j
Acsn— Iva Church'; crvnlns. "The Mission j
cf the Church of th» World." Come snd bring t
your friends to hear this eloquent preacher. J
F^ets fr*-e. Scbivith-schocl at 8:45 a. m. j
Christian • Endeavor at 6:30 p. m.
AP^OCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Eliis i
st«. — This eft»rnf>orj. Bt Z o'clock. Illustrated '
Biblical lecture l>y Tl. S. IScyns. general uec- j
retarj' Of th« Facramento A«!""K:iation; rub- '
,^-ct. "The fc'wnes Crying Out." Service for j
lrien only; seats fr*". Solo by Fred Uutler of j
the AHce Nlp'.sen Company. • j
FRIENDS rae»tJn»— S^rvic»s will be held to- j
day it Sur.shine Hall. E28 Ilarrlyon St.. be-
tvrfer. rifth and glxth tnot at Swarthmore |
Hall as usual), at 11 o' cluck a. in. David j
Ta.tura cf Denver. Ci.Ic expects to be pres-
ent. Friend TatuiTi Ui»s a national reputa- j
tlm at a ifC!i»rsnce evangelist. Pabbath- ;
c. hool at 3 o'clock, rvenlos servloes at 8]
<>' clock. Every one welcome.
THE Thecsr.jihicaJ Fo^i'-ty— Lecture to-n!|?ht in i
Odd FelloK-s" building. "Schools o" Philono- j
liv," by Hies _. A. V/a'.ah. Ooiden chain, I
11 a. m. !
FIRST M«r.tal Pcience Temple meets 11 a. m., !
Golden Gate Hail; usual t«-rvices; public in-
dfeed : free.
MCETIXGS — SI\DAV.
CH> J. DEPEW KU.RGAN wiil lecture this
pv«r:!tiK en "'The I'robiem of Mcde-m Kduca-
tion" at Cr>Ptai Kail. l*ythian Castle, 909 :
Market et., loilowed by maiftuflcer.t views of
"Thing's cf Efauty." Those attending may
j->rocure free tickets to 1 X-ray exhibition at ,
Paniti-r'.um next TuefSay evening. Seats iree.
.No collection. . ;
AT Whitney Hall, !IC» O : Farrell. bet. Frank- '
lin and Gough; occult demonstrations, mes- ;
fag** and nr.swerM by Mrs. J. J.
Whitney, medium. !:{;¦ p. m. : admission 10
cent*; Kllis-et. car -,..•--«'* doer.
A— DR. KINCS' =: Irttunl PociMy. Market— ;
11. free; 2-8. We; Mrs. ViResm-. Harrison, L*6-
ter, Kotter; all rests; D*cemb*r 1*. 8 p. m.,
society will hold entertainment. iM Market.
REMOVED — Mme. Yourtg's convlnclnir test cir-
cle to-night at h'r former Oriental Hall
yjewly ventilate), C05 McAllister St.; luc.
EPWAP.D EATil.!-:. to-night. Pythian Hall. SC8
Market tt.. occu'.t dernonttrations, test*, mes-
MH.S. EX— IE REYNOLDS' materializing ee-
anc* Sunday evening. 1*S Powell st.; 50 cents.
UBS. BTOlJDAniyf? truly wonderful tests. 10c;
Tacs.. Tburs. and Run.. S p.m. 278 Sth; sitnge.
SARL EBERHARDT-T'st meeting to-night
at Temple of Truth. £250 22d, cor. Eartlett; 19c.
MRS. MAnT~_VANS'~clrcle to-dTj"? andfl!
10c; every r.irht except Thursday. 1(S Sixth Et.
MRS. KOTTEES circle to-nirht, 10c; sittinpB
flailv; ladies Urc; Ker.tB 51. 3il Cth et., rm. IS.
CIRCLE to-r.lrht. S sharp, K»c; readings dally.
MMH. MARQUISE. I llyic et.. nr. McAllister.
FORWARD Mwement Workere. €21 O'Farrell
rt. . 7:2" to-n!rht.
MELTI.VGS— Universal Ilrothcrbood.
THEOSOriTICAL Society, rii Market St.— Lec-
ture to-n:c^t. "Theoec^hy and the Teachings
oi Jesus." by H. Somert. I. B. League meets
* first ar.d third Tuesday rights.
SIEETINC NOTICES.
MISSION Lo'lse No. 189. F. end aTm.— m
Officers and jnember* ai« hereby notl-
fled to attend the funeral of our de-^f V
ceased brother, JOHN JEFFREY /XrV
MOREnOt'SB. from the hall cf this lodge.
TO-DAY at _M o'cloek. ! By order of the
W. M. GEO. I>. FLACK, Secretary.
THE funeral committee of Ger-
maria Lodce No. US. I. O. O. F., =T?^I?_r ;
is requested to meet SUNDAY.
Doc, ». t n- m.. at Odd Fe!!ow»' C^T^r
ilaZU to attend the funeral of our late brother,
K. NIEMISIER. K. JtOTOER. Sec
CALIFORNIA Lodr- No. iTT. O. rf»as^_
O. F.— Members. cn« and a!l. ur
r-QU-MtT to fctte- i r*~-±.nr rr.fft-
icsr MO.NDAT E\ENIN<i. Dec. 10. -"?//•»*<?-
for the purpo«<» of payir.j? a fraternal vlflt to
Oie Vetcraa Oid Fellows. Lodpe mill open at
7:29. J. H. HAN?EN, N. «J.
FXDELITT Lodre No. _?. I. O.
O. F-— Inlt—tion TO-MORKOW
(MONDAY; EVENING. All are r^SR^SPP
velccrce.
W1L a CURTIS, N. G.
c. f. nriLLirp. r.^c. .s«;.
OFKICj"PS m<l m*-rt!b»rs nt f'oho- - Jta> > A""»w
r.ach<-e Tril^ No. 10. I. O. II. M.. are ~^f?*
l:e.rnby uiUfiefl to atter.J the funeral S_-5i:^
rf our late brother. THOMAS MAHKri en
MONDAT. I>ec. I*, at 10:S0 a. m., frcra hid
late residence, <?> Prec'ta are.
F. A. PriOWN, Sachem.
TO. NUTTALL, C. of IL
TJIE annual meeting cf the stockholders ..f the
Jfe\'tdt National Bank cf Pan FrancUco, Cal.,
»1!1 \tft ho!<J at its. bankiris house, SOI Alont-
poniery ct.. Sa.n Francinco. Cal., on TI.'KJ*-
I>AT. January g. 1S< 1, at 3:15 o'clock: p. m"..
fcr the electtoa of directors to eerve for th«
cnsuln* yt-sr and U» transaction of surh
other business its rr.i-y come before the ir.eet-
inir. GTX). GRANT, Cashier.
Pan FrairiEco. December S. 1S00.
CJinAPHET and best In America— The Weekiy
Call. lt-t<ages. eent to any address in the
United Slate* cr Canada one year for tl.
Vorttupr ;\aid.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
LADIES and »jentU-men to &all perfumes; lary»
calec during holidays : bl* proHts; city ar.d
outside towns. 33*. Market «., room 1 cpp.
Odd Fe^wa" build tnr.
AGENTS— Do you want zomethinjj mere profit-
able and *a3«*;er «o <>*11 than books or litsur-
¦UMeT Adi. I'. 1'SnSON. r t ill, rorrott bldg.
AGENTS to wll Welsbach gas llrht* and eup-
Bile*: factorj- prices. Welebach Oo_r>aiiy, 1JQ
L:iis gt. . ¦
jiOii TO SiflO per month: men or wtmen; salary
cr ccm_ls6ion. ~7 Market et.. room 615.
ASPHAI.TUM HOOFISO.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks r»-
palred; postal. 11SC Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
2.PTROLOGT — Tour prospects for 1901. with
test sketch of life, ty an export predlctlonist;
f*m2 date of birth, sex and lie. PROFESSOR
BERAJtO, box £238. Boston, Maes. -
DK. C. TOUSET TAYLOR, Scientific A^trolo-
ppr—FYe* copy "The New Moon." .65 Market.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW. ¦
' R. W. KING. P27 Market St., 6th floor, room 627
' : — Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections: all cases; fair fees; no advance
charge?; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law.ESO Market, cor. Stockton.
1 EDW. JARRETT. Hearet bldg.. Third and
Market ets. ; phone Red £262^^
ADVICE fre*: no charge unless successful. W.
YV. DAVIDSON. S27 Market et.. opp. Maaon.
L 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 9X7 Mar-
ket ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rage*, pent to any address in the
T'nlied States, postpaid, for tl per year.
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara. Perfection and ethers. W.
f. BROWX CO.. agency. 426 Ellis Bt.. S. F.
BICYCLE?* — For Sale or Exchange.
BICYCLES at reduced prices; we are clearing
out our liOC models to inal-.e room for new
VJ01 stfx-k. Yosemite Cycle Works, 1522 Market.
BOARDING FOR CHlLDRIiSfJ
A CHILD to board; best of care; terroe rea-
sonable. 1^4 Mission ft.
BISIXESS CI1AXCES.
A— BUTCHER shop: best corner location; big
bargain. COWING & CO., 719 Market st. j
A— DRX'G store; fine cash business; corner lo-
cation: snap. COWING & CO.. 713 Market st_ |
A— FRUIT store; heart of city; receipts $15 day.
COWING & CO.. T19 Jiark<?t st.
A— RESTAURANT: heart city; money maker;
como quick. COWING & CO y 713 Market* St.
A FINE corner grocery and bar; be?t location;
come at once. COWING L CO., "19 Market.,
A— PLUMBING shop; good location: come at
once. COWING & CO., 713 Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted in good hotel. COWING
& t'O., 719 Market st.
A— SIM; hairdressing, with 3 furnished rooms;
partner v.'r.t«?«i:i5ne hcme.ICredo&Co..»6 Geary.
A— SUM; DAIRY and milk route, tlOOO monthly;
I23OQ; resort. KREDO & CO., 36 Geary st.
A— $1006; DRUG store, cor. pestoffice: $600, milk
depot. KREDO & CO.. 36 Gear}- St.'
A— t?Tu; bakery &¦ restaurant; $20 dally; no op-
position; cheap at JSCO. Krodo & Co., 36 Geary.
A— S3X); stationery, confectionery and notions;
business st.; 2 rooms. Kredr> & Co., 36 Geary-
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.
Branch bakery; 5 Living rooms; rent $1J.. JliO
Bock store; income S.')(a>; one-third profit.. 1600
I>l!cai<?£sen: clearir.tr SIM month 500
Wholesale liquor *"tore; estab. IS years... 3300
Water front saloons, $750 and 500
V'jO— PARTNER wanted: old-established bus!- j
Eess; pleasant work; short hours; experience
not required; departure cause of sale. LANE I
& CO.. t>6i Market Et.
A— w ANTED, a good tev.ant for erand corner ]
Btcre end basement with fixtures suitable for (
grocery bufc;r.e*s: special inducements. Ap- i
ply A. M. HPECK & CO.. €67 Market st.
IK you want to buy, Fell or exchange anything
en earth see E* J. LUNDIN, '.'33 Market st.
$250— RESTAURANT cr. carhouses; receipts $15
to $20 day. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
A — TO whom it may concern: I am ready for
business; give m» a call: I tell lodging-
house?. Baleens, cijrar stands, restaurants and
bckerles: this is ¦where you will get a square
deal. JOHN W. BRACE. S06 Market, rms. 7-6.
INCREASE your Income — T100 invested in grain
or stocks by my "Sa.fe Investment Plan" has
paid larger profits than In any other manner
of dea'.lrg; write Immediately for particulars;
l-nnk. financial and customer's rei's. S. A.
CfRijna. looker. Old Colony tldg-.. Chicago.
20<'H SHARES of sto«.k for sale in a first-class !
publishing business now in operation, guar-
anteeing 2 rer cent per month dividend on
Investment; amount of investment secured by
banking institution. Address box 2060, San
j Kranclsco.
I FOR sale— Finest carpenter shop in city, In-
j eluding leas<\ fixtures, stock, machinery and
1 rood will; centrally located; doing a good
I Jobbing- ar.d contracting business; cause cf
j sale sickness. Address K. W.. box *G8. Call.
1250— PARTNE-rt wanted as cashier; will clear
over J1C0 rr.o. and board; no experience req.;
money used In business: return money fn 80
I days if not satisfied. 619 Montgomery st.
| A — SNAP for man and wife; corner store and S
j rooms and stable; for branch bakery and fruit
I etore; rent $12 a month. Apply at 261 Cres-
cent ave., off Mission »t., opposite SUh.
j I^OR. SALE — Cheap, a complete printing plant;
cood press; new types and other accessories.
' vlth established trade; in good locatldh; this
Is a bargain. Box 69S, Call office. •
KICYCLE shop, cyolery. machinery, etc, for
sale; best town on this coast; account of
sickness: sacrificed ISM. Box 6isS, Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC operator, mun be compet-
> ect, can Becgrc half Interest in well-eatab-
; lUhed swlieiy. E.. box C&7. CajK
I RESTAURANT for sale, with >asi-; good pay-
j inif business; wife. ca«h register, etc.; open
I for inspection.. 115 Ellis st.
i ON account of elrknesp; must sell my restau-
rant; doine eood business; snap if taken at
once. Box '05. Call office.
A — FINE restaurant; central location; big
business bonton; cheap rent; paying. 927
Market St., room €15.
! A FIRST-CLASS saloon in the Mission, doint,-
1 a ffood "business; price JSOO. Address box
] CZG. Call ofnc«.
I TWO-CHAIR oc barber shop for sale cheap on
\ Howard Et. Inquire at 203 Langton St., after
j c -p. m^ ,
J WANTEIV— A»rency for etarle articl* or email
j store; $100 will be paid cash. Box C$1. Call.
YOUNG man wants lady or per.tleman partner;
j t€Xi; legitimate business. Box 208, Call office.
. _________
! MORNING paper route; $30 month profits: easy
terms. Call after 5 p. m. at 442 l /j Third st.
LAUNDRY route; good paying route; horse,
wagon and harness. Inquire 1D53 Mission st.
' FOR SALE— Cheap. 4 cows, horse and wagron;
| paying route. Box 2007. Call office, Oakland.
• BUSINESS must be sold; going East; small
I capital required. Box 700. Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar. cheap; fine stock;
a bareain. Appry 30 Lily ave.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale; on account of
death; I1ST0. Call 220. Fell et.
A LADY partner wanted; lesitlmate business;
tnall capital. Box_6S0. Call.
A BAKEHV, delicatessen and confectionery
rtore; f:00. 94S Howard et.
$175-BRANCH baken' and nctlor_; 4 living
rooms. 2Zi Elrhth «_
t CAKIjT. book aad stationery store, J350. 817H
j O'Farrell st.
{ FOR tale— Nice coffee and chop house, cheap,
lmrrc'ilately. by an old lady; eickness the only
| ren-on. 3612 ! i I'olsom st.
j I5AKEKT— Bue-lnees corner, ov*n. nxtures To
| let; 24th _ Guerrero. Owner, US Chattanooga.
] PARTNER wanted with a small capital" to in-
j vest in chicken ranch In' Sonoma County;
j e&od opportunity for ri^ht party. For parti-
; eulers see C. W. AltP. ;:3 Sansome Bt.
j RESTAURANT (loin* a good business for sale;
j a good chance for man and wlf» with family;
I furniture all new; give a trial for week or
j more: Iwet location. Box 467, Call office.
i A~$4M»; imEWEUV and bottling works : own-
I er hes other business; cannot attend to both;
will sell half or whole. See owner, 603 Dattery.
CHEMIST of wide experience in' manufactur-
icer v.iU furnish Instructions for making
nnytblnz desired. Chemist, box 545, Call.
A NO. 1 restaurant and coffee parlor for sale,
fall at 419 Kearny^gt. ¦
SMALL restaurant: central location: good for
man and wife.; bargain. Box C44, Call office.
NO. 1 city retail business for sale; a bargain;
fullfft ir.vcFticatlon. Uox'4i9. Call.
H.NE chance for shoemaker; old stand to let
cheap. 32fil Twrnty-fourth Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j revived at Call branch office. 2500 Flllmore st-
j A BRANCH office for Call "advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia tt. ,. - = . .,
_i!?H? IXC " IIOL ' SES KOK SALE.
ALL the latest bargains cf.ine to us.
From & to 200 rooms. Jl_ to J25.000.
1000 houses to choose from; fair and honest
treatment; norr.c first-elate family hotels in
r!I locations. ¦.
We assist you half the purchase money;
cash cr fcasy terms. HAYES _ WILSON
fSS Uerket st. (The Kllte.)
CALL early; 10- room house; O'Farrell, near
Market; elegant carpets; finest oak and cherry
v furniture; .modern house; price $1400. .JOHN
ELDER CO.. «£« Market, opp. Palace . Hotel.
lodging-houses for sale.
MARION ORTFOTN, TU Market, nr. Call bldg.
78 rooms, clears $175, fine location ..$2800
• 7 rooms, central, rent $30, bargain... i 176
58 rooms, elegant furniture, two en-* ¦¦
trances, a first-class transient house — S000
.14 rooms, sickness, rent $35, snap SOO
23 rooms, offices, new furniture, rent only
$75; A No. 1 location; worth J2500........ 1900
85 rms., rent $118, new house, newfurn.. 2600
12 rooms, rent $45. fine, furniture, good '
carpets, house always full, good location 750
24 rooms, put $33 in bank in November.... 2300
16 rooms, N. of Mkt., rent $66, clears $64.. 800
CO rooms, rent $100. guaranteed full....... 3200
65 rooms, reduced from $5000, owner elck.. $600
MONEY loaned on lodg-ins-houses, ¦ H4 ' P- C. ;
anything you want tn lodging-houses; smpls;
87 rooms; on Powell St.; rent $1TE: price.. $1900
24 rooms; on Leavenworth; rent $125; price 1900
lC rooms; on sunny side; rent $25; price.. 750
7 rooms; on Geary 6t. ; rent MO; price .460
Good paying restaurant, near Hall of Justice,
for sale or eschangs for lodging-house; 17
rooms in center of Oakland, with front block,
lawn, palms, flowers, roses, no work, full of
teachers, income JS5, price $1300, half cash,
rent S32; a $450 piano for $200.
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLET. 916 Market at.; phone Black 6215.
A FEW BARGAINS— 500 houses to select from;
money loaned to buyers.
16 rooms; rent $65; clears JEO a mo.; price. $800
36 rooms: rent $175; clears $115 mo.; price. J200O I
24 rooms: rent $$0; pays $S5 a mo.: price.. .$1000 !
4. rooms: r*nt J60; profitable: prlc-3 J1100
SCHVYEINHARD,
Rooms 1-2, No. 917 Market st.. bat, ith &. 6th.
A— 22-ROOM house; central $1000
20-room house; first-class 10C0
11-room house; $175; 6-room flat 325
20-room house; Eddy; rent $76; only 900
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
only $126. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market tt. \
CHOICE llet of lodging-houses. i
$1400; 32 rooms; furnished fin*. |
J350; 9 rooms: elepantly furnshd.; well located. J
*€00: 3S rooms; rent $42.
$£M; 17 rooms; rent $. r 0.
\ Many such at the office. No. 3 Eddy et.,
Rooms 1 and 2. •
R- II. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st. ?¦!.]
18 rooms; rent $35; make offer $750 j
6S rooms; cheap rent; only 2100 j
90 rooms; corner; elevator C500 !¦
100 rooms; new; modern; part cash. i
fO ROOMS; rent $U0 $2200 ;
12 rooms; nicely furnished 90C j
100 rooms: elegant furniture 6000 :
Will loan from }100 ur> at 1V6 per cent.
DAVIS & RIVES, r. 69. 916 Mkt st. I
FOR sale — Lofliring-houfs of 3$ rooms: well fur- j
nished. r>4'.< Howerrt St.. near Second. j
$500— BARGAIN : lodging-house of 26 rooms; J
clears *ffl month; cf.ry work. Inquire (.'all, j
CAItRIAGES AND WAGONS.
COLUMBUS CUGGT CO.. clearance sale-To^
wheel, rubber-tiro . road wagon, ?S0; other
styles at rirortortlone.tely low prices; suitable I
Xma* presents. Maria, nr. 9th., opp. St. Nlcb.
ALL kinds of wagons, bupRles. carts, harness,
- etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st. <
', GOOD 2-horse delivery top wagon for saJe j
I cheap. Inquire 1122 Noe st-. near TUh. ;
BARGAIN-r4-spring wagon, pole and shafts, '
Frazer cart. 315C Mission, nesr 27th. . .
AN A No. 1 express wagon, ulngle, also light j
camping; wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-ham* wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia; i
¦ . SPin.ITUAl.ISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-renowned~splrl^ ¦
; ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law- j
| suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated: ,
| mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed., Kri. ev's; '.
come and be convinced. Permanently located :
013 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larktn; no sign, j
| MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test business me- j
dlum and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all diseases at office or by letter; I
sittings. |L , 11C4 O'Farrell st. ; take Ellis car. j
C. MAYO-STEERS. u£» Oak 6t.. readings, $.1;
hours 1 to 5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 627.
MP.S. GILSON, 614 Jessie, nr. 7th— Circles ~Tues..
I Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m. ; sit. daily, fl; upstairs.
EDW. EARLE, slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
cor. Taylor; Sunday night, Pythian Castle.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing tests to-night; lRc.
CLAIRVOYANTS. j
ISMAR THE GYPSY. i
ISMAR the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the |
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and sue- j
cess ko hand In hand, yet hunJreds fall where |
euccess is jTosslble were it not for a lack of i
foresight into the future. If you are in trou- !
ble of any kind, discontented, unhappy or not !
satisfied In iife, consult ISMAR, for she Is a ;
prophetess of world-wide fame, and her name |
has become a proverb In thousands of hoirn^ i
made harpy by her aid and advice. ISMAR •
can be consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 6 i
p. m., Sundays by appointment only, at her !
office. IMS Market »t., opp. Sixth. FuJl life ¦
reading by mall, f5. ;
. . - j
MRS. E. M. DUVAL.
215 KEARNY ST.. ROOMS 8-10.
Late of Los Angeles. . ;
MRS. DUVAL is a natural born clairvoyant
and business medium. She tells your past,
present and future life, diagnoses diseases, •
cures deafness, etc. If there are obstacles in
the path of your life she can tell you hTJw
to overcome .them and how to avoid them. ¦
MRS. DUVAL has practiced successfully In ;
Ix>s Ane^les for the past nine years for all ;
the principal business people, u well as those i
in the highest society, and still has patrons j
there, to whom she will continue to give her
valuable advice. j
CONSULT SANDERS for health and fortune, i
Consult BANDERS for spiritual development j
Consult SANDERS for w«-dde<J blips. i
Consult SLANDERS for Biblical Interpretation. !
Oonsult SANDERS for lucky days & numbers, i
Consult SANDERS for lost property.
Consult BANDERS on all love affairs*.
ConFult SANDKRS and learn what to do. i
Consult BANDERS for Immediate gftod luck. !
Consult SANDERS regarding oil and mining. I
Circles Thursdays, 2 p. m. and
Fridays at 3 p. m.. 2.1c, ;
Consult SANDERS dally at 514 Taylor St. ¦ '
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance ;
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 26; take elf-vntor. Perfect satisfaction ¦
j guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
; let with special terms. :
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
. reader, born with double veil— second 3ight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr.v sit. $1 JO. 126 Tnrk.-
i MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
I given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c ud, 17 Third st., next Examiner.
I ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally. 30 a. m. to r. p. m.
MME. ZDREDA. the gypsy. Is the Kreat palm-
|pt and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
PALMISTRY, card reading; articles read clalr-
voyantly gratis. 722 Eddy, nr. Polk, no sign.
! CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant; fee 25cT343V&
Minna »t.. near Fifth.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 23c up. £23 Mission st, nr. 4th: ring bell.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth at., room/14.
MME. RENNER, clairvoyant, palmist, 'planet
reader. 2. r >c:lafliesonIy;German spkn. 725 GDIs.
MME. HELMUTII. card reader. aatroloKist^
Ladles." 25e; German spoken. 93S Mission st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card- reader and
palmistry; truth cr no pay: 23c. 1149 Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psyrhometrlst. palm-
ist and rard reading. 25c. 124XV* Market »t.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
| GI'PSY; genuine clairvoyant: located 10 days 114
j Turk St.; ladies, 25c; cents, r»t)c. "Frawiey.",
IIME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has
I returned; fee 2oc and tOc. 70S Ellis st.
I I'.ME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SV4 Jessie st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
I medium. 2;3 Kearny st., rooms 8-10.
i MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. S Fourth st. >.
CAIIPET BEATIXG A\D CLEAMNG/
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDIXQ'S Pioneer Carpet-Deat-
i ing Works, 3.«t-337 Tehama et ; 'tel. South 40.
• STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains nnd btan-
' ket» renovated, 25c per pair: carpets cleaned,
1 ! 3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission ICG.
I CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard laid at Dc.
j. STKATTON'S, 3 Eighth et. ; tel. Jessie N44.
• J. E. MITCHELL,' Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
j CITY Pteam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
J : STEVENS, Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
; ADVANCE Carpet-Clfftnina; Co.. 402 Suiter St.;
j tel. Main 394. GEO. WA LOOM, Proprietor. •
| CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatlng> Works. 223 Golden
i Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
! CHIROPODISTS.'
. BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
•'! painless; consul'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Butter.
¦ -------- -9°^ LECTIOrt OFFICES.:! ;,
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
'1 less successful. Room- 310,-927 Market at. ¦.'.
'---."¦ '¦¦'COTTAGES 'TO: LET. '..-.'^
COTTAGE, 4 rooms. 3655 Nineteenth St., be-
tween Guerrero and Dolores; rent $8. ;
COTTAGE , of 2 . large sunny rooms, In rear;
rent f ft. 'r 1359 Minna st. ;
TWENTY-FUFTH, 883S— Cottage of 1 rooms;
laxse yard; rent $S.
J6— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, worth $14, In city, near
Holly Park; water free. 64 Silver St.. off 3d.
~ — - _ DENTISTS. -- ¦ ¦ .^^ - ¦ ¦ .¦'
AT the ELECTRO-DENtTl cZYnIC. 809 Mar-
ket at. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates .'our specialty; : gold crowns,
$3 00 up; plates, extractions free. $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, S a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A-J3ISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 80 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. 8ee our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowna,-$3 50; nllings. 50c;. plates,
$5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlom. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling's by my won-
derful-secret, painlaxa method; 20 years' ex-
ptrience; • no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
— Ho charge for extracting when plates aw>
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per get: extracting, 50c; gas given. '
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh ; oonsult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth - extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS.' 1208 Market
st. ; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
A. L. SIMPSON. P. P. S.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 335 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns." $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teetih without plate. DR. H. o!
YOUNG.- -1841 Polk st.
. 0~i*£j DEPILATORY^
O. C. C.— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair: will not - Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate sklnjagents
wanted. Ontario Ch»m. Co.. ag'cy. 4Z8 Ellis.
DUJKSSMAKKns AXD SKAMS TRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Mllllnery"iehool;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market, st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
1 In j»-J >lnklr >g- 121 Post, over O'Connor & MoKatt.
DRESSMAKING : reasonable prices; dresses
made over; perfect Ot. 387 Geary St.
SKIRTS made latest style from $1 up. 127
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH^CoUeKe","parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.,
6. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
KuaseB. telegraphy. Kngllsh branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and nlpht sessions; newSO-page catalogue free.
A— Tlin LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medlcaj
co1!pj?ps; referertc^j*. I'r^sid^nt Jordan or any
Stafford professor. Phelan building.
A 'HJGS"' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual Instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship, $J0; bookkeeping,
Elicrthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
FRENCH conversation. $5 a month, by Paris-
ian; Monsieur and Madame de Loery; piano,
singing; prlv. lessons; classes. 742 O'Farrell.
ATTENTION I— Tarr' s r»P"s thorough book-
keeping fistires; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official .re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full cours- this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st-
ENGIXEKRINO, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve. : est. 1564.
VAN PER NAILLBN SCHOOL. 933 Market. I
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep- j
ing. Spanish. 137. Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr. ;
DELSARTE. elocution, dramatic art. MLLE.
HELEN V. CLARKE. 408 Golden Gate ave.
PIANO and harmony lessons, 50c an hour. Ad-
dress Harmony, box 672. Call office.
KENT Law School, 748 McAllister St.; day and-
night; "phone Jetsie 1666.
LEARN German in three months; $5 per month.
Y. M. C. a. building. 6m floor.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music et-idlo. |
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Ed-ly st. j
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-Nlght clans. 424 Pine st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. ''grammar, writing,
_etc. day or eve. ; Jj mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. Bent to any address in the
United Statos or Canada one year for %l,
postage paid. . -¦¦
- EMl'LOVMEXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chine** employment con-
tractor; «-stab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Pov/ell; telephone Bush 1*5.
JAPANESE responsible housecleantng co.: ««t.
1S70; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devisadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
: JAPANESE and Chinese; employment office;
best help. 52G O' Farrell rt. ; tel. Hyde 2191.
; ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, .Tapan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
I fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
j UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Beet help
1 fiirn. : domestic Rerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
'. ORPHEl'M Employment Office-Japanese, Chl-
: ne»e help 426 Powell. nr.-.Sutter; tel. Black DO72.
: CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
\ Peat help. 41U4 O'Farrell fft.: tel. Kant i2G.
j E3IPLOY.MENT WANTED— FEMALE.
[ A MIDDLE-AGED -widow desires position as
| housekeeper In private family or hotel; city
i or country: could take charge of linen room
! In hotel; excellent references. Box 630, Call,
I A COMPETENT German woman wants work
by the dny; washing, Ironing and cleaning;
• no pcstals. Address 1203 Vallejo !«t. f ¦
' "WANTED— 1'cBltlon by a reliable infant's
nurse; thoroughly experienced; best city ref-
j erence. 1421 Pine st. -
! A YOUNG American -woman desires work by
I the day: washing, ironing, cleaning; good
j work; prices reasonable; gcod city reference.
j Hox 67S. Call office. ' J . ,
! MILLINER wishes evening engagements: hats
trimmed 50c up at GOi: Geary St., cor. Jones.
AV ANTED— A position to do general housework
| by. a young girl; Swedish; newcomer; in a
I .small American family. Address box 6S4,
j Call office. '.'¦:
! WOMAN with a child . 7 years old wants a po-
Isltlon as working housekeeper or manager cf
lodging-hou*e. 127 Turk st.
i DRESSMAKER that makes a specialty of
} children's dresses and lailles' * wrappers will
j go out at $1 25 j>er day: references given: j Call
j or address 1357 Webster st.
i COMPETENT, willing,. obliging woman will do
! housework; is fine cook and good baker: will
j do plain washing; wages |15 to $20. Please
j call "9 Jessie st. •
I A— YOUNG lady, thorough musician, wishes a
I situation In a refined family to, give dally
piano instructions for board and room; owns
i plnr.o. Box 6SS, Call office. - - ¦ -'
iA — WANTED — A "'position as first-class cook,
| $30 to J3o. Call after 2 p. m ., i?0 Bush St.,
room 23.
FRENCH girl wants second work; wages $23;
I references. 1225 Steiner ft. ' ¦'
! HOUSEWORK and assist with cooking by re-
j ppectable ycung woman; Bleep home; or would
car<* for a child with other work., A. D., 711
I California »t. .','.-¦. . ¦'-
YOUNG lady would like -typewriting work to
5 .take home. Bo* 694, Call office,
WANTED— A position to do washing and. iron-
« Ins and housecleanlnr. * Box 645, . Call ; orflce. •
A TRAINED nurse; massage; French, English;
. midwife, sewer, housekeeper., 601 Leavenworth.
A SCANDINAVIAN ¦ Clrl v.lshe« to do second
¦ worlc or general housework: small family;: no
wash; wagos |20. 342 Fifth St.; call Monday.
YOUNG woman wishes'-,- position*-., to- do light
housework; pleasant home preferred to high
wages. Box 701, Call office. , \
A COMPETENT English- cook to do American
style of cooking; Is good baker; city or coun-
try. '- 120 Fourth St., . - - ' - »!
FRENCH lady wants washing to take at home;
lace curtains a specialty. . 2609 Polk st. ¦
RELIABLE woman 'wants situation -to do
¦ housework in Protestant family; small wages;
Rood references; no tbjectlon to country. Dox
.7(14. Call office. /..-.,. : ,
DRESSMAKER, from the East, fJrst.class' cut-
ter and -fitter; go out -by the day; ! maks a
pult In one day. 1532 Polk st. f
A NEAT and strong ' young woman wishes
house and. window . cleaning by. the day or
¦ 81 * fl *&nels at < home; best refereorAa, Box
(08. Call of flee.'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMAXE.
CAPABLE young woman wishes any kind ot
housework by the day. Address box B, Call
branch, aoo Hayes sV *
GERMAN i girt, with good ; reference, under-
stands German cooking thoroughly, wants
situation in good family. Call or address 330
Fifth st. ¦_":¦¦:¦¦ :_..¦'
SWEDISH woman, experienced la nursing.
wants to nurse during day ; good rsf ersno*.
I" 6S8H' Minna St.. . •
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to SI BO night. U M to ja
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage ¦ to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offloe, 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
RETIRED minister, competent for any husl-
j neas, wishes situation as responsible cashier,
manager, collector or to have charge of
rooms; satisfactory references given. Ad-
dress box C28. Call.
SITUATION wanted 'as fireman. Janitor or
watchman. Box 876, Call.
EXPE3UBNCBD young man desires employ-
ment; stenographer and bookkeeper; refer-
ences furnished. Address box 677, Call.
AS sick : nurse, invalid attendant or valet by
competent German with' best references;
willing to make himself useful. O. HAK-
M AN, 474 Jeesla st.
WANTED— Position by first-class carpet layer;
city ur outside; Just arrived from the East;
best reference. Address 1917 Mission st.
AN all around hardware man of many years'
experience would like a position where he
can be of service with some hardware or
general merchandise store; city or country.
Address room . 23, , 1045 Market st.
NIGHT cook for short order restaurant; can do
pastry. Address box 690, Call office.
COOK who can bake desires position In coun-
try hotel or private boarding house. Address
box SSO, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT wanted of any kind; can run
motor or fit pipe or do warehouse work. Ad-
dress c. a. Jackson. 42sh Third «t.
SPECIAL watchman or porter with good rec-
ommendations. Box G99, Call office.
W1DDLE-AGKD choreman, sober and Indus-
trious, desires work of any kind. Box 469,
Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position to do gen-
eral housework or as man about place, gar-
dener, porter or watchman; good orchardlst.
L. L. NYLANDEB, 120a Market St., cor. 8th.
YOUNG man 21, speaking English and .German,
wishes situation of any kind. 816 Davis st.
YOUNG man 20, speaking French. English and
German, wishes situation at anything; under-
stands baker business. 316 Davis st.
BEDMAKER, also experienced day and night
clerk and porter, would like position in hotel,
lodging or rooming house, or as Janitor. Box
635, Call fflce.
YOUNG man who knows the city thoroughly
and can give best of references would like
position as delivery man or coachman. Box
. '471, Call office.
BAKER— Bread and cake baker wants position.
213 Leavenworth et. -•
WELL-POSTED young man, stenographer, reg-
ularly employed, wants to utilize couple hours
dally with mining or oil company. Box 70S,
Call office. .
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position as
valet or care of Invalid: city -references. Ad-
¦ dress P. B.. 123 Eddy st.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like posi-
tion In Insurance office or wholesale house;
best of references. Box 709, Call o'fice.
YOUNG man wants work to care for horse, run [
f ui nace or milk cows or housework. Box j
707, Call office.
BAKER on cakes, or on bread and cakes {orna-
menter) wants Bltuatlon; country if fare
raid. Box 2068, Call office.
SITUATION wanted— A good cake baker, fore-
man (at present employed), will change if a
better Job is offered; willing to go short dis-
tance in country. Address box 663. Call.
A YOUNG man raised on farm, understands
fnmiluK in overy way, wants situation as
\ foreman; referenced Address J. CORDRAY,
j Winchester House.
WANTED— Temporary r>OPltlon as bookkeeper
or exporting books; city references. I— A.,
box Ml, Call. _j -. -
POSITION wanted as night or day watchman;
good city reference. Box 657. Coll.
"FIRST-CLASS cutter from the East wishes po-
sition; best reference. Box 662. Call.
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
jromery st. .-.. ¦-...¦
JAPANESE first-class laundry man wants sit-
uation; work by the day. GEORGE ISHITA,
104 Eleventh St., telephone Folsom IBS.
BARTENDER would like position: city or
country: good references. Address G. M., 1104
Larkln st. -
A YOUNG colored man wishen position as
hostler or stableman. Addrces 235 Stevenson.
STABLEMAN.' reliable, wants position; long
, experience. Box 654. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Csll advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
¦ ValTirja i«t. '
FLATS TO LET.
A — SUNNY 6 rooms; Just renovated; bath;
dresser; $18. 1812 Green St., near Polk.
APPLY 1300 Butter St.: rarely beautiful sunny
/flat, 6 large rooms, j:2 50; water free.
BUCHANAN, 91S — Sunny corner bay-window
fiat. & rooms and bath: cheap..
TRENCH flat, 7 sunny rooms; porcelain bath,
waeh trays. 3356 Twenty-third st,/ corner
Guerrero, • / .
IF you want to move get printed llet flats to let
| from BALDWIN Jt HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat. 4 rooms, bath and basement; nice
• location. . 1S05 Eddy St., near Scott.
NEW sunny upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; all
modern • improvements. 29 Laussat ave.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms and bath; large yard. 53
I Chenery st., on San Mateo electric line; 112.
TO let— At $11 each, 1 fine flats on Folsom St..
opposite Columbia Square, between Sixth and
• Seventh sts.. by JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st-
$7— 4-ROOM fiats on Victor et.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire st grocery. 941 Bryant."
$12 M— MODERN 3-room flat. 12S Ash ave.. bet.
Polk. Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
$14— SUNNY fiat. 6 large rooms'; bath? gas
3528 Nineteenth st.. between No* and Sanchez.
*17 50— FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 571 Hayes
st.. -near Laguna; no small children.*
FLATS' TO LET— FUKXISBBD.
FLAT, 4 rooms, neatly furnished, reasonable :
2 Keppler court, off Mason st. ; apply Racine
Saloon. EO1 Post st.
FOR sale— Bargain ; elegant furniture of corner
6-room flat; departure. 4 UC Van Neas ave.
:^^— FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FINE furniture for house of about 28 rooms*
belongs to party In Nome; now In storage'
cheap. Box 622. Call office. ¦ *
FURNITURE In 9 rooms for sale ch-ao at
473 Jessie st. " v
FOR «ale— Walnut bedroom eat, at 2022 Van
Ness ave. '
ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 6 rooms and
bath for sale; call after 10 a. in. 729 Hyde
street .• : ¦ -:
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $1S 50. with No 7
rsngc. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KUR.MTVRE WASTED.
CHA8. LEVY buys Your' "furniture, carpet*
pianos, etc. liar. Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for furu., carpets, etc.
> see AV. E. CODY. 717 Mission, tel. Ked MM.
AWOLLPERT.'77J Mlsrlon St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
j Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1S05 La rk In ; tel. Polk «M
; furniture & furn'd houwm bought: spot canh.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
' C. R. ItANSEN * CO...!. .PHONE GRANT 183
HOTBI, DEPARTMENT .7.
Head waltresB, »30;- 8 waitresses, .'different
, country . hotels. |20; 5 waitresses, city l^o-
8 chambermaid* to wait dinner, $20; chamber!
maid, first-clas* country hotel, ISO- Irish
i chambermaid. . first-class hotel tU; woman
cook. $$ week:; fancy. Ironer. notel laundry
south," $35; 2 plain ironers. hotel laundry J"0 :
; 2 lunch ¦ waitresses, $3 60 ; week, no 8unday
work. ¦ ¦¦---.¦¦¦ .--.-¦-- -¦ - .-,:,< - .. *
........ .'. . KAM ILY DEPARTMENT .......
, Housegtrls. Oakland (25. Visalla $20 (see yarty
here). Sonora $30, Glenn County $30 (see par-
; tie* here), Alameda |2J, Ban Diego County $25
Monterey $15; 85 places, houseglrls. city $io*
*M; o «nany others. C.-R. HANSEN &/co.|
! A— TERESA BUPP, hotel cook, please call at
ourotflcn. MURRAY & READY. 634 Kg Clay.
i • O 1? Ij . ,T h ? ", ur Vl«r"rt»nds *- making envelopes
\ wanted at 1« Fremont- st. ...... .-.fT
! GOOD buttonhole maker wanted on custom
•A, work; wage* from 112 up. K» Kearny at. » •
pnnf/p - WAJfTED— FEW ALB.
v
BETWTNO machlna c«emtc«»^wanted_at Lerl
Strain* & Cb.'i factory. Wh Fremont st-
Apply to MR. DAVia
YOUNG »1ri to car* for ohlld, assist; wages
<10. 1S08 O'Farrell St.
WANTED— An elderly lady to take care ot
I children. Call at 12S Ninth st-
FIR9T-CLAS3 finisher on custom coats. Room
115, Phelan building.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework, Call
1005 Mission st.. near Sixth.
EXPERIENCED gtri to attend candy store;
steady position. 1160 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt finishers. 6
EOdy st. rooms 8< and 97.
GIBL wanted for general housework: refer-
ences required; salary |20. Apply 17CO Broad-
way. ¦ "
RELIABLE woman a few hours a day house-
work; low wages; sleep home. 743 O^FarreU.
PATTERNS! PATTERNS!! PATTERNS! It
At the MoDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School; all late patterns cut to order;. satis-
faction guaranteed; subscription free to our
handsome Fashion Journal to all entering be-
fore Dec. 15; millinery course thorough and
practical; trimming a specialty ; evening: class.
McDowell. 1019 Market st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building:.
WANTED— French girl, upstairs work, good
wages; number of general house girl a, $25
and *30. CATTKLL'B. 625 Eighth st. Oakland.
WANTED— A lady to travel for new enterprise;
one of education; excellent compensation for
suitable party. Address box 659. Call office.
WOMAN with or without child to cook op
ranch. Call Monday afternoon, 22 Washing-
ton ave., bet. Mission and Howard.
WANTED— Experienced lady ¦ cashiers and
wrappers: state experience, reference, salary.
Apply box £64, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady In doll and
toy department; state experience, reference,
salary. Apply. box 665. Call office. •'
STRONG young girl to mind child and assist.
Box 658, Call office.
WANTED— Girl for reneral housework; small
family: sleep home. 4S5 Fell st.
GIRL for general housework; $15 per month.
1718 Fell st.
OPERATOR8 on shirts; best pay. BRENNER.
ULMAN CO.. -19 Battery st.
FINISHERS on Tests; steady work* good pay.
BELASCO A HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
WANTED — German nursery governess and sew-
ing^
GOOD workers on cotton waists; best wage*
in town. 21 Sansome st. j .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094)
Valencia St.
HELP WANTED-MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
WE PAY YOUR FARE TIEMAKERS
Ship you to-day, 50 tir makers, 9c to 12c, tools
and provisions furnished, fare paid
Concrete finisher Carriage painter
Farmers and wives $40 and $30 and found
Ranch hands and teamsters; chore boys; men
to Clg potatoes; stablemen; 130 woodchoppers.
$1 to $3 cord, tools and provisions furnished.
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
A— HEAD WAITERS. BAKERS
Cook and wife, country hotel; head waiter,
club, S40 and fonnd; chef cook, country dub,
$50 and found; cooks,' $30 to |S0 and found;
baker, country shop, II* week; delicatessen
man; laundryman: waiters, $30 and found.
MURRAY fc READY. 834-636 Clay at.
A— HOTEL head waiter, |50; meat cook, coun-
try hotel, {30; cook, country hotel, $40; 2
waiters, country hotels, J30 and $23; washer,
hand laundry. $25: polisher, country laundry.
?2S; all-round laundryman. country, $40. C.
It. HANSEN Sc. CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— BAP.TELO LORENZA. mason foremen,
please call at C. R. HANSEX & CO., 104
Geary st. I
A — 20 GOOD carpenters (finishers). 10 a. m.
Monday; 2 cabinetmakers, 4 bench hands, 1
sticker hand, 1 wood turner. Mechanics' Reg-
lstratlcn Bureau, 410 Kearny it., room 9; tel.
Main £334: non-union mechanics please reg-
ister; no office fees.
BARBERS' P—xrresglve Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 153.
WANTED— An assistant at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, a young mas from 22 to 2* years
• (married man preferred), of unquestionable
moral character, of good address and a good
salesman. Apply at city office, 1504 Mar-
ket St., between the hours of 9 and 10 a. m.
ENEROETIC man to manage office In Ban
Francisco for large manufacturing house;
salary $125 per mo. ft extra, profits; must have
good reference & $12C0 cash. Address C. R-
G., box 1151. Philadelphia, Pa.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our catalogue of inform_tlon; sent free.
Columbian Correspondenca College, Washing-
ton, D. C.
WANTED— Five i Knights of Pythias In good
standing In California and every State: all
or part time: salary with commissions. THE
HAZEN CO.. New York.
CHICAGO Brokerage Co., 305 South Flfty-thlnl
ave., Chicago, will sell your farm or business
quickly, for cash, wherever located; furnish
partner or market patent; success where
others fail; write particulars.
SALESMEN to pell imported and domestic
liquors, principally fine Kentucky whiskies and
blends, case and barrel goods, to Jobbers and
¦ saloon trade; good chance to the right man:
salary or commission. R. 6. STKADER Sc
6ON, 69 and 71 E. Wat?r St., Lexington. Ky.
WANTED— Photographer, printer and finisher,
retoucher or operator; steady employment.
Address 2123 Merced St., Fresno. Cal.
BOY drive wagron, help grocery and bar; $3
week. Box 670, Call office.
BOY wanted at 4C1 Fulton st.
WANTED — Book finisher with experience. Ap-
ply to the Hlcks-Judd Co.. 23 First st.
WANTED— A boy about 17 years old to drive
delivery wagon, etc KENNEDY-RABJOHN
- ART CO., 21 Post st.
WANTED— A strong boy or young man to work
in wholesale fruit house; must live with
parents. Apply 207 Washington sL
WANTED — Young gentleman as companion; on«
interested In hypnotism; good chance for
young man to learn; no charge. Call 24 Sixth
St., room 29, at <:30 p. rn.
CAR painter and letterer. Apply 1 City Hall
place between 11 and 12 a. m.. Monday.
BARBER wanted: steady worlc. WILLIAM
FRITZ, U2S J st., Sacramento. CaL~
WANTED— To buy laundry route, with good
horse and wagon. Inquire M. WINTHER, 639
. Howard st.
BOY in picture frame store. Inquire from 10 to
1. Sunday. CALIFORNIA FRAME CO.. 905
Howard st.
EXPERIENCED young man for delivery
- wagon: bond required. Apply 8. N. 'WOOD &
CO., 713 Market et., Monday. 8 a. m.
.WANTED— Honest boy about 16 xears to look
after hardware store; can learn carpenter
trad?. 534 Halght st.. before 12 m.
MFX^HANICS. engineers, electricians, firemen,
free scholarship in engineering will be award-
ed a few well-recommended applicants. Am.
School of Corre» pondence, Boston. Mass.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— Men wrappers and cashier-: state
experience, reference, salary expected. Apply
box 6S6. Call office.
WANTED— A man for the road: one who has
had experience preferred; must be gentleman
of education. Address box 660, Call office.
SOLICITOR wanted. $1 a day and commission
Golden Gate Dye Works. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
WANTED — Recruits for. the Marine Corps. U.
8. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and Z5; not
less than i feet 4 Inches and not over C feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, writs and
speak Englleh. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Eitli
ttreet, San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
v mento «., near Montgomery; one of the fe-
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, -well-
ventUatefl rooms. A. McCREgRY. Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver . House. ' 217 Third st. ; 150 larg«
rooms; 85o per night; tl to $3 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: position guaranteed; special
; inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLEH'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25<
to SOo. m Mission st.. bet. 1st and id sts.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, ball
, price. 8<3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and td sts. -
BAILORS,, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parti of world. HERMAN'S. X Steuart.
HELP WAirTED-MAIiE.
"WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 13c aod
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
TOUNO man to do Janitor work for his tuition.
at S. g. Barber gchool. U1A Howard at.
GENTLEMEN'S guits to order, tl p«r week, at
cash prices. N. T. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kaarny.
WINCHESTER House. « Third St., near STar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c nigrht: reading-rooms; f,re«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offle* for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at .1894
Valencia at. ' "
HEMOKKHOIDS. ,
A^T case of 1^3. PileT^leaVPllesTovtr" 300
permanent cures among business m«n of San
Francisco alone: men who can be intervlawed;
no surgery, salves or ointments: no interfer-
ence with buelness during: treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES. LITE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
49 HORSES for salt; also wagons, buggies.
carts harness. Grand Arcads Hone Market.
377 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULIJVAN & DOYX_I, Auctioneers.
FOR sale— One large full blood Durham cow;
will calf In a few days; ftna milker. Apply
53S Utah st.
TOUXO horse and cart for sale chear*. Sit
Lisbon st., near China avs.
HORSE clippinc by experienced men; best work;
cheap pricea. DALZTEL. 605 Golden Oate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRINTED^LI^T^Houses'to^ let? "send" for ehv
cular. G. H. TJMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
MODERN hoose; Presidio Heights ; U rooms
and bath; 3415 Jackson st. ; rent reasonable.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
TENTH. 321 — i large rooms and basemen :; rent
cheap; largo yard.
HOUSES TO LKT FUKVISIIED.
COMPLETTELT furnished rainy hous« ot •
rooms and b«kth in Western Addition for six
months. Address box 470. CaJl office.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— A modern cottag* or flat at about
6 rooms by a youn* couple: no children: beat
of r»fe->nc«. Box 825. Call.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotism In nva lassons for $&. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAIBS A> I> TISICYCt.ES.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of tho Eames trtcycls
chair. EAME3 Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AXD KOtnSD.
LOST— Saturday aftftrnooo, roiss from Safs
Deposit bailding to Wblta House, via Mont-
gomery and Poat its., a pasteboard box con-
taining a dta— lond-opal butterfly pin, dia-
mond crescent pin. diamond and tops— belt
buckle, a miniature pin, opal and diamond
pin set with emeralds. 3 diamond stickpins,
canary and 2 -whlto diamonds in ring, sap-
phire and diamond marquise ring, emerald
and diamond ring. 3 pairs diamond earrings.
screws, and other pieces of Jewelry. A very
liberal reward paid If returned to JOHN 8.
WOOD, Shreve's Jewelry store. Market st
LOST — Saturday mornlnjs. going from Eddy
and Bourbon to Holy Cross Church, a wreata
pin set with 6 diamonds, one settlnc out.
Finder will please return to trocery, Eddy
and Pierce sts.. and receive reward.
LOST— December 7. left on cabin seat ferry
Berkeley. 11:26 p. m. to Oakland, leaxner bag
containing opera glasses and holder. Return
to or notify CHA9. A. GIBSON. E7 ilarket
st.. S. F. ; suitable reward.
LOST— Opera glassea. In a brown plush bag.
with a pink lining. In the ladies' parlor at
the Emporium; reward. 2510 Stelner at.
LOST— Pocketbook. keys and a rtnj. Return
to 814 Fremont st. and recelva reward.
LOST— "White and brindle greyhound; reward.
Ev G. VALLON, 533 San Bruno ave., cor. 13th.
LOST— Lemon and white pointer, collar marked
"Kern of, Kenwood"; property JOHN 12.
COLEMAM. Keturn 730 FlUmore «t. and
receive reward.
STRAYED— From Blanlcen's, San Bruno roa«l.
chestnut mare. 5 ysars old. clipped recently.
Return to owner, DR. CLINTON, Twenty-
first and Howard sta. ; liberal reward.
LOST— About I or I a. m Wednesday, on Ala-
meda narrow pause train or boat, or on
California it., between the ferry and San-
some st.. a scarfpln (turquois« surrounded by
diamonds): suitable reward. CATTON, BELL
& CO.. 406 California st.
LOST— Past president's badge X. 8. O. W..
between Petalum* and East Oakland. Return
to 853 Main St.. Petaluma, or SS2 East Twelfth
St.. Oakland: reward.
LOST— A passbook w jt_ the Hlbernia, Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of SAMUEL REDMOND, No. £3-1217.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Sunday. In park, old gold locket, pearl
setting; 2 photographs Inside; reward to finder.
Address T. P. B., box 652, Call office.
LOST— Cow, blue and white; had rope on
horns; liberal reward If returned to FRANK
KNOWLES. Union Park.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. 'WTETH, reliable specialist; K yrs."
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
o fflce. JS: any ailment; home for patients ; con-
sult free. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, *?7 Market St., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles* physician;
treatment. 13: positive cure guaranteed; when
others fail consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. AND MRS. DAVTE8, 1223 Market— Ladles*
specialists; 31 years* practice; positive cure
g-uaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home euro; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007<» Market, expert on dls-
•ases of women; IS years' practice in 3. P.. a
cure guaranteed; Jo at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DK. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles* spe-
cialist; oafe and sur» care, tt; best care: low
fees; wben all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, epeclallst for 37 years for female
troubles. «23 Kearny st.
DR. WISE. th« ladles' specialist. Ill* Market
street.
MRS. DR. GWTER, ladles' specialist; home
for patient*. E04 Eddy st.
DR. NO TOT KEE cures disease by herbs J
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Ke>— y.
MINES AND MIXING.
MONTEZUMA (Washington) copper stock ap-
peals to all classes; the conser-atJ-e investor
buys It because he Is convinced It will yield
him a good profit on his money; th» stocK
speculator buys It because he reyarda tt as a
"sure thing," and it Is; a man makes no
mistake putting his money Into Montezuma
copper at 4%c; maps and ore at our office.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
CO.. selling agents. 310 Safe Deposit building.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAL~.
BOILERs7~Ensin<»s^ 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH Si WOLPMAX. 135-137 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new ar.d second-hand; we ¦j wa '*
have a large stock of saloon outfits on naryi.
S3 complete outtlts on ona floor, ready maae.
we can ship everything In 2* hours. J.
NOONAN*. 1017, 10T9, 102!. 10^3 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalog^
HOLIDAY present purchaser* wilt find «t to
their advantage to call en INCIiE BARKa.
15 Grant ave.. an-1 « a , mln ?,, h! ' ' a^i cTaster
jewelry, consisting of <.o!!ta.re »n.l cl-wier
diamond tine*, solitaire and <• luster dia-
mond eancrews. diamon? /'' nb "£± nd <1 i*:
! BUT a M
i ?rK?ER EXCHANGE. M California
' ?. Y : P H" tV, T ne-jnyhlne.. SI per mor.th.
1 V Rtiv^ sells or rents gear machinery, en
• 7lne^7 boileri. water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
1 , ft° WHITELAW^ Spear st.
i FOR «aie-Tw»lve-pound steel T rall^ with
• fcolts; good as new. RAILS.
; Sox «75. Call cface. •
t^t, -Ti e cheap— A Job-printlns plant; types all
! ™ew- few! iprw. etc.: this Is a bargain. Box
; 637. Call office. «
1 a VTOLIV boys* size.- with box and bow, for
$7. worth $15. Stockton-st. Loan Office. 1C5
t Stockton »t- •
2 GORDON sitters for sale. Corner Virginia
and Prospect aves.: Miaalon-st. car.
• BICYCLE, ferjt's wheel, nearly new, chfap.
Box t74. Call office.
' I7S-SCALSKIN cape. 121 Post st.. room It.
¦ NO, 7 COOK stove. In sood condition, cheap.
781 Lowell av*.THE SA]* FRANCISCO OAI/L, SUNDAY, DBCBMBEB 9, 1900.
29
MISCELLAAEOCS — FOR SAiB,
CIIEAP— A lot of inch mesh wire, suitable for
chickens cr rabbits; also SS Belgian hares-
i-ported stock. 3a> PclX «_ nares.
A-lOG-liORSEPOWER engine, boiler. two-drlU
-lr ««arr«<.on. JARDLNES. 220 Fremont e"
B £_a.'^rCl_y S . f _ r5Jllft " *»»* ~-UL X_BT-
IOV. SAle— 5300; • wane wagons. 1 horse _-<i
hart--; worth .700. C_J 121C« MaJq-T re_£
FOR «_Je-Sn._l Hall Eafe; J». m Ellis s_
.-.icxr store. " u<
U DOZEN pullete and heao. 5€« Pennf-tranli
ave.. near Twenty-second St.; Thlrd-tL cars.
43 F R T, 0^ 1^*^ » teanl en « n «. complete
cheap. II. b. WHITE. .U-SI6-.U Mission .t!
tVP.TABLE en*in-_. boilers; iron and wood
r-.arer*. iathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, _58 Be_?
FIRfT-CI LASS second-hand modern engines and
r-o-.>r» bought and -old, KROGH Mfg CoT
PHOTOGRAPHIC and n_*1c lantern rood.
fought, sold. exc-ar.ged°T^ Monu5nery?t!
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and bur_lar
proof >afe. 2:t Callfq-ii- st D_rgiar
. '-" ¦ cr *">>>¦ Portland Loan Office. 23 Stktn.
EAF_S— Jfev and •reoni-hand THE Hpn. '
MANX SAfE CQ,, „;._<- c^^^p"' j
MAGIC lanTe— ,9. new _nd 2d-liand- tnovice '
rl~ure-, HVLLARD - ERECK? IS. r%st «t j
e w_r^a' t -i?£ d "«-^ n 3-ban<5; all f'.tes. THE
WALTZ 8AFE. _03-m Market tt.. San Fran.
A -r^^2 C S . n '~* for 6 «*-<*— The Weekly Call.
. race.. 1- wr-pper. for mailin-r, $1 per rear.
r ¦ j
S AVAXTS. j
WANTED— S_rocd-hand modern high grade i
r-ar.o pood condition; give make. Bcx 20i». 1
Cfcil effice. Oakland.
VAN TED— Three French rl«te mirrors 36x43 or I
laiger. for cash. Pox 6S&. C-Il office. !
VAXTED-emiii eafe In good order. Address
P. B.. box 646. Call rfflce.
LA *?i E §* * n * «•-— ' cast-off clothing bought _
sold. S'.Iverman, 8S4 FWsom: tel. Folsom 1191. j
K_0_LN Btill pays best price lor clothing, brlc- i
a-brac and book,. 109 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 14L J
V^ANTED-Uprtrht piano foe c___ H. U. \
•tt HITKHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAV. i
ANY amount en furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back 1— li_l_l_ae_u> or as a whole; lf you
owe a. bala— <=• on the rurchase price we will
pay It t— d carry the lean as long as you <Jc- I
clre; avoid red tape and publicity; see ue !
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call — -— Ponohcx bldg.. 1170 Market.
•JL. A. — BEST r_ tea and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
I__>rvst la Estates
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial iroblems of all sorts and sizes j
solved »•>¦ HERMAN' MURPHY. 630 Market, j
-A— MONEY to loan «t rates which people can
__or<J i--> pax «a furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
ecd ycu »i:i be better «_ tSaSed; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms S and 10. !v6 Market »—
J-NY air.our.t tt < percer.t; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
faees, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; rr.ortetces and legacies bought; no de-
lay : ret ny ten— • bef ere dolnc business else-
-»n«=r«.. R. McCOLGAIC. 1-4 McnlRon :ery. r. S.
ANY proportion, any amount; ( percent; first. ;
teccsd rr.crtgatres, estates in probate, interest j
la estates. l»-4racles. corporation loans, chattel j
moryrajres. life lrsurar.oe. Room 18. flirt floor, '
ChroDtrl- bailglng. HA_/)HAX & OI_SE>f. ]
XlIGKLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal *_var.ce» on diamonds. Jewelry at low- !
?st rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, MS Market I
rt. ; te!. M.-.:n 1S44. Branch 1» Third at. ;
A — SoCO.OOO on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
era'.s. J. BROwySTONE. II Montgomery et.
_ SOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
¦watches, jewe'.ry. W. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth;
fcleh.st price for eld cold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.; '
no removal, no co_ml?slon; rtrlctly. cenfiden-
tlal. Roorr. 3. Conservatory bide.. S01 Jones.
f^.OXi, 100 VI — ¦ I_nd or chattels! SALEBURT,
Notary. 4M- Ninth s_, Oakland.
CASH loaned on a_aries. New York plan.
THE TOItfLEY CO.. SO. Parrott bldg.
SI on furniture a rd plan oe; $1S up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, < Eddy st. :
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California. |
LOAN'S. Jst nr £d mtrs; city, country; t<% undi- I
vided inLg; estates. HARPER. SS7 Parrott bid. I
AUSTIN- f-lary Loan Co., Z68 Parrott build- I
inr; men ran eecure loans on persona] note.
$i00.<*0 TO loan on real estate or for bulidlne; j
low rate. Korae Bldg. Co.. __ Sansonve. nr 1 2. j
MONEY to Wi on furniture by private party;
low rate. SriT Market «.. room _
CX f_ rniture and pianos; no removal; co__den-
t!aJ ; on diamonds, etc. 23 Taylor et. 1
CASH loaned to salaried p-'OP' 1 * on note without I
iP.drirser. MORRELL. „$ Examiner building. |
TO salaried people without collateral or In- !
¦ i^rRer. s. F. DX-ou-t Agency. 143 Phelan bid. |
Ml'SICAL. 1XSTRUMEXTS.
*'AS HOLIDAY GIFTS." — —
1 Emertoa fT5 ¦
S^n_T!»-r ICO
K—ber 150
BtdBw my _£
Chlckerlnf ..: ]«,,-,
Mas— a _ Harr.Un " 323
Heine 373
Orand»— 2 Hamlet & Davis and Heinea
••• *ST5 to J975I
ii(> others; 16 down, $6 per month, or at your i
own term?: rented and rent allowed.
HEINE PIANO CO.. ;i7 Geary B t.; open
r-ver.ir.pb. j
A-BVitON MAUZT'S. -
Holiday Barg_r.£ in Sightly Used Pianos.
S;__B-r , nearly new 1430 ;
T>ytr>B Maury. nearly new 300 !
I-'r-cker _i Baa, walnut case 225 I
8te:n»ay _ Sons 150 j
"VWber 123(
Bord w
80S.S1&-2UJ p o «t st.. opp. Union Square.
ANT r"er*f>n having: use for a piano ean"be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay _ Co.'« with I
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re- |
lifeble makere to choose frcm. Each the best
of their Rrade. fr^m Steinway down. Priv- i
i'ege eiven to exch ar.ge medium and low- j
pri'-ed pianos for a new Steinway any time
«-1th!n three yeare from date of purchaj«e.
lieaut'.fu! new uprights told for W cash and j
$* \t rrr.nth. \\> offer to eell owe rood 1
r!ano« for $S, 14 and $5 p*r month. BHER- !
MAN. CLAY A CO.. gteinway dealers, cor- 1
cr Keamy and Sutler »t».. San Francisco; I
fomer Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak- t
land. j
IF you want a ji«no for tzm. or $75. or IVi. or
i\V>. or tllA. or *17a. or tS)0. come and »•* ue:
ue have lots of 6_rg_n_ to-dft-. MAUVAIS.
7CS :•'.-... r •: st.
THE pale of D*:ker _ Fca an<J Packard pianos
durir.ir the pa« f^w weeks has been unpre- 1
cedented: »«¦ hare rtlll many rtyles for you i
to select from, tut dor.'t wait too lont;. a* the i
holiday ruen -.» close _t tand. MAUVAIS i
MUHJC CO.. T£3 Market st
__P.SO_UTE_Y the oldest and largest house
west of Chicaco is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 25.
IS and SO O'Farrell ut. ; pianoc. cre&r.j and
«.!! other musical instruments of all grades 1
and prices: tern* easy; price* loweit; every- !
thirar possible done to please and satisfy the !
customer. |
BARGAINS. z;iano» on rtora»;e almost given •
avray: al5o car fine new pianos stored from i
factory: must bt eold at once to realize i>tor- j
«*:» sn<l frr!*ht; installments : open evenings. !
V.IL-SON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market st. I
FINE lift of slightly used pianos. 1135 up: easy 1
raymer.t«. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. IS O f Far- |
re!l «. : Chlf Jeering a«rency; Symphonion mu- )
*ic b-)xes; slieet music, etc.; open Saturday
eveslne—
CA 110 A INS In r_no»=— New and filljfhtly used;
St*iaway Uewlnjr, Cha^e pianos rood as new;
!._!f firiBinal price. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood bun<.ir._r.
AI.?J r >ST new ujrlyht Fteintray _ Sohmer sac-
rli'.ced; treat bargains this month. BRUENN,
20*~Po_t ft.
fon sale— Largest pise mshoirany gteck piano:
almost new; time on balance. 11G7 Hegent
rt.. Alameda. • |
FOR pale— Elersnt oprtrht piano. 3 pedals.
7 1-3 o<-tave. IliO; or rent for t— 842 Keamy.
iTjCH-GIlAr>n 3-pe<Ial upright piano; ma»t be
t_cr.flce<I: lea vine city. 4l> Van Ness -ve.
tnO-t-CTLADE p!«_r»; Klerk, llardmaji. Con-
ove" _ other*. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. »14 rest.
AT KEEFTE'S. 9*3 Market ft.. < elegant up-
rlcnts at your own price._fih6ninger agency.
CRKATmanr b«rsrain« in Ind-hand I uprjtrhta;
small installments. Hornucg. !16 M.cAu»gter.
i:E?T rer.t rt<vk in city: new pianos. 13 per
B__t— SCOTT-CURTAZ, S60 Hayes st.
erPERIOH violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLEU.' maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac_
IiARCfAIX— Mu«t be sold; nlc« npri<ht Pi*no.
FCHMITZ. 16 McAllister gt.. next Hlb. Hank.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, :c t-aces, »ent to any address In the
v»i*»*<»* ptj?tf.« or Ctt^wia one year for gl;
OFFICKS .UVD STOIIKS _2____1___--
FuR RENT-Tosether or separately, store. 15
room* an- outbu!___rs. UiH-_ Howard St.;
rent lit; newly paicted and renoTate4. I
__:¦ oil.
I HAVE three oil i offerings that show the
strongest strongest kind of Inducement for
Investment; one requires $16,400 for the land;
on* $1000 and one $_S0; would like to submit
them to any one having the necessary capital;
references. Derrick, box 692. Call office.
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to suit; will
contract delivery; our oil stock advances to 3o
share Dec 10. JU ANITA OIL CO.. M0 Mont-
gomery st. ; agents wanted on com mission.
OIL land In Kern and Fullerton to lease or to
sell. 211 Sansome et, room 27. .
25 CENTS per share; any part of 2000 shares In
& dividend-paying oil company, now paying 1 2
per cent per month. Moore, 935 Market, r. 6.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street!
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory In
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for I
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners save commissions;
have been in field from nan; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON,
CARMAN" _ SOME?, 101 Chronicle bl.1*-.. San
Ftanclfco: 418 Douglas Block, Los Angeles;
.Southern Hotel. Bakerffleld.
OIL LANDS— For eale byAlden Co.. 1118 Broad- t
way. Oakland; good oil land In Kern County
Et $10 r*r acre; also Mount Diablo oil stock
In Contra Coeta County: Contra Costa Par-
affine Oil Co. and the Sobrante Oil Company's
stock for sale. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
Oakland.
KINGS Co.; 1200 acres prospective oil land: title
U. P. patent: $10 per acre. JEROME ENG-
LISH. II Montgomery st.
PATENTS AND PE.NSION'S.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
OEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
OWEN MeCABE, Importer, dealer In feathers;
hair maxtrees and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and purified; all feathers
eold warranted >v-;l] .lressed with my patent
etearn renovator. S70 M!*«-ion. tel. Jessie 1114.
M. C. — PLEASE come home to us. We are all
brcken-hearted. Come., if only for a while.
Phone to me. A. C.
A MIDDLE-AGED German with elegant home
desires acquaintance of middle-aged refined
German lady or widow of means; matrimony.
Address R. H.. Call effice.
REFINED gentleman, $100,000, beautiful home,
will make home happy for kind wife.
Banker. 771 North Park ave.. Chicago. 111.
RESPECTABLE younjf gentleman of flne ap-
pearance end education, holding good posi-
tion, wishes the acquaintance of Protestant
young lady of refinement and good character .
not over 32: object, matrimony. Box 679. Call.
REFINED widow. 29. wishes the acquaintance
of a gentleman of means; object matrimony;
references exchanged. Address box 635, Call.
YOUNG lady in comfortable ! circumstances
would like to make acquaintance of refined,
companionable srentlexnan. Box 702. Call.
ELDERLY man wishes to meet lady not over
45: object matrimony. Address box 624, Call.
2_AN. 44. refs.. wishes acquaintance single lady
of me_ns; ot>j. matrimony. Giddeon. 22S 12th.
A COUNT desires to meet his irteal love by
mall; object matrimony. Box CS3, Call office.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
10c for latent list. MP.S. HERTZ. 706 Ellis c t.
HEALTHY boy baby for adoption; Mr. Frank
call. Mrs. Dr. FunlTe, 1416 tth St., Alameda.
KNOW thyself— Full delineation of character.
Including handwriting, 50c: no fortune telling.
EH Geary at. ¦
ENVELOPES carefully addressed; $1 per 1000.
220 Sansome St., room _>.
FIO_R'S sweepers are the best and cheapest;
all kinds repaired and for sale. 342 gutter St.
PRIVATE detective work; r-_sonable rate?; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. S57 Jessie st.
A GOOD home Is open for a healthy baby.
MRS. DR. KVXKE, U16 Eighth st.. A lambda.
MAS.SAGE and electricity for facial blemishes
and wrinkles. Tel. Black 2456; r*2 Taylor et.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, rilk portieres: dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
no knife, plaster or pain: book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
West Forty-second St.. N. T.
COTILLON leader-, ho! An Imported novelty
in "Favors" at an extremely low prlc*. Ad-
drese bcx 642, Call office.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS, tel. South 752.
made to order, renovated; honest work gruar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: fln< uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for Bhlpir.eM or
etorage. HOPKE BROS.. 818 ar.d S~ 11th st.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops the hair from
falling 1— lioediately and restores gray hair to
Us natural color; ladies call and investigate.
; Mexican Lady. 142 Sixth st.
ELECTRIC light tn every room- Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: SI 50 to $6 per week;
free 'b*js ar.d baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR pssitU-ely grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary St.. S. F.
STTITS to order on installments; 113 upward: $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
; tween Sevencth and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. 12 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-131: Stockton St.. near Broaiiway. ,
FINE suits. $10; drees pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— *3 BO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Ke— j-ny st.. near Pine.
DANICHEFF sell holiday glove orders, good for
gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant ave.
MME. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer. 1164
Market St.. rooms 3 and 4; one treatment free.
MASQUERADE costumes, plar books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles: trial free. MIS3 EATON. 1113 Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 2Sc; all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. H44 Mkt.. upder St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD pold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market Bt
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all drugcUts.
PALMISTRY.
H~J_ROMEnrOSSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black htl.
PARTXEIIS WANTED.
V.'ANTED— A lady or gentleman partner In
rood restaurant on main street of town; good 1
p—troflage. Address R., I*. O. box £20. Sacr't-
mento. Cal.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Of flee and residence,
1G21H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL 12STATE — CITY — FOR SAV.E.
LYON &TlOAG. "^ ~~^
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
GREAT SACRIFICE.
J1.500— Fine hou*e; clos« to 2Kb and Douglass:
contains S rooms and bath; owner must
sell.
STOCKTOX-ET. INVESTMENT.
$10,500— Rtnt $1200 per year; brick building on
prominent corner; leased to one tenant.
PAYS 9 PEP. CENT.
fI5.cy> — Three handsome corner flats; front
Park Panhandle; sun all day; contain
8 rooms, bath and all conveniences; lot-
32X100. *
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$4.tW0— A eplendld. Investment: 3 stores, occu-
pied by barber, shoemaker and crock-
ery: rent $10; lot 41x80; good location;
prominent Ftrt-et at the Mission.
$^0 CASH-$25 MONTHLY.
$2,S-y> — Nice 2-story bay-window house, 7
rooms and bath: on Point Lobos ave.;
not far from Central av«.
WOOD AND COAL YARD.
$4.2S0— Twenty-fourth st. near Church; a good
business location; substantt— 1 building;
large lot: sold to close an estate.
MODERN COTTAGE.
$.,000— Second ave.. near Clement; contains 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x120.
KRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
$9,500— Fine Investment: up-to-date flat*. T
rooms ar.d bath each; rent SS7 60; lot
r7:6xtOO.
PARK PANHANDLE INVESTMENT.
$11,000— I'sys 11 per cent: 3 swell flaw, up-tn-
d»te In every detail: kitchen In center
of building: one of the best Investments
on the market.
CLOSE TO VALENCIA AND MARKET.
$12 300— Rent $11S: 12 flats: lot 73x77 <
DOWN-TOWN INVESTMENT.
1110, OCJ— Rents. $7000 per annum: 4-story build-
ing on prominent retail business street:
* Works from Kearny and Post sts •
lot CS feet front. •
LYON A HOAO.
¦ 114 Montgomery st,
SUNSET HEIGHTS INSTALLMENT LOT3.
10 per cent cash: 115 per month; interest 7
r-rr oocit; choice Park lots re_ d y to build on:
Tth ave.. boulevard. K rt. and 8th ave.. within
5 minuten' walk from the music rtand. prtceV
ranging from $800 upward; possession given. ik>
that & home can be bnllt Immediately. . O. H.,
UMBSBN A CO.. 14 Montr-aerr st. . ,
REAL ESTATE: CITY— FOR BALE-.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO..
638 MARKET ST.
BIG MISSION INVESTMENT. . 'l
$13,600—8 flne modern flats of 4 and S rooms,
and 2 stores with 4 rooms; total rents,
$_SM> per annum; on Fifteenth st.
PARK PANHANDLE) FLATS.
$7600— Rents $S06 per annum; I new elegant,
modern flats; pcrcelain tubs; frescoed
, dome ceilings; on Aehbury st.
BEAUTIFUL M18SIOX FLATS.
$5000—1 floe well-built modern flats of 5 and
• rooms and bath; rents $4. 60 per
month; Bartlett St.. near Twenty-first.
OCTAVIA STREET RESIDENCE
AT A aACRlTlCB.
j $3600—12 rooms and bath; near Fell st.
AT A SACRIFICES-FORCED SALE.
(Mission Warm Belt Flats.)
-$27SO— Make offer: reduced from $4500: 2 flats
of 4 and G rooms and bath: rents $32 50
per month; bitumen street; cement
walk. ¦
SNAP IN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$3000—2 substantial well-built modern flats of i
• 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6 feet;
modern and attractive; sunny side of
street: make offer. j
NEW MODERN MISSION COTTAGE.
; $2oOO — 6 rooms and bath; tile mantels, etc.;
light and sunny; Sanchez st., near
Twenty-fourth. <
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME. '
SEE THEM AT ONCE*
Among the flne Income properties to be sac-
rificed at auction ¦ ¦
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1900.
Are the following:
ESTATE OF DAVID ROT. Deceased.
369-359',. Brannan Bt., near Third; 37:6x137:8
feet; two front and two rear flats of 5 rooms
each; rents $32 per month; close to Southern
Pacific depot and recent railroad purchases.
113- 111 South Park St., facing Bomb Park—
Brick building, containing two Cats of 6 rooma
and bath; rents J3S per month.
ESTATE OF ELLEN N. RICHARDS.
Deceased.
PATS BIG INTEREST.
73 Clementina et., near Second— Four flne
well-built flats of 6 and 3 rooms; rents $43 per
month; lot 25x50 feet.
UP-TO-DATE 'WESTERN ADDITION FXJLTS.
420-422 Scott st., near fell— Two beautiful and
artistic flat9 of 5 and 7 rooma and bath; por-
celain tube; tile mantels; every modern Im-
provement; rents $50 per month; lot 27:6x87:6
feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
63$ Market st
EASTON. ELDRIDGE St. CO.
638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY, DECEMBER IS. 1900.
At 12 o'clock at our salesroom, 633 Market st.
CALIFORNIA-STREET RESIDENCE LOT.
North elde California street, 200 feet west of
Gough; 25x127:8 ft. .
BAKER-STREET COTTAGE.
1414 Baker st., near Sutter; cottage of 4
rooma: lot 25x100 ft.
PAGE-BTOEET LOT.
South side Page street, 33 feet east of Lyon:
elze 25x100 ft.
ELEGANT MODERN SCOTT-ST. FLAT8.
422-420 Scott St., near Fell: 2 modern up-to-
date flat? of 5 and 7 rooms and bath; rents $50;
lot S7:6xS7:6 ft.
PDAtliTF CAT C*O
: - . ESTATE OF DAVID ROY, Deceased.
319 Brannan st., near Third; 2 front flats and
two rear Rots of 5 rooms each; rents $52 per
month; lot 37:6x137:8 ft.
119-121 South Park, near Third St.: brick
building, containing 2 Sat* of 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $3S: lot 21_?7:6 ft.
ESTATE OF ELLEN RICKARDS. Deceased.
78 Clementina tt.. near Second; 4 flats of 5
and 3 rooms: rents {43: lot 2jxS0 ft.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
North side Vallejo St., 110 ft. west of Baker
St.; 4 lots 3x137:6 ft.
MISSION WARM BELT RESIDENCE.
S75 Lexington ave., near 21st St.; house of C
rooms and bath; rent Ms; lot 25x80 ft.
. MISSION RESIDENCE.
40 Diamond St.. near 18th; cottage of 7 room*
and bath: lot 25:6x125 ft.
MODERN MISSION COTTAGE.
52 Whitney st.. near 30th; cottage of 6 rooms
and bath: lot 23x125 ft.
CATALOGUES WITH FULL PARTICULARS
AT OFFICE.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO..
63S Mafket street.
T. P. RIORDAN. REAL ESTATE AGUNT.
632 Market St., Room 2.
$3,E00 — 60x137:6; west side of Lerkln St., near
Union: bltuminired; grand view; must
he^sold: make offer.
$36.000— Fine large corner, fronting three streets.
with Improvements; near City Hall; flne
Investment: part cash, balance on S per
cent mortgage.
I13.CC0 — £0x75 feet: flne Improved corner; south
of Market st.. with flne Improvement*;
ain-ays rented: $1275 yearlv: bargain.
$6.f00— JnrJO feet: north side of Minna St., bet.
Sth and 6th. with ff>od Impts.; rents $57:
this is a good speculation.
$13,0CO— lleautiful corner residence of 16 rooms
end all modern Improvements: flse lo-
cation: best bargain offered In the city.
$23,000 — Fine Investment on Mason St., ne_r
O'Farrell; Improved.
$J7,5CO— Fine Improved business ocrner, paying
near $oOO.
I have several flne corners south
Market st.: icood Investments; paying
well; creat bargains.
$12.500— 65x120; Bush St., near Polk; with good
Improvements; must be sold; bargain.
Call and eee me lf you want to sell or buy.
T. P. RIORDAN. t3- Market it.
________________ __
A SPECULATION.
— _— M
If you want either of the above (one of three)
attend auction to be held December 12 at 12
nocn at Sherman & Clay's Hall, 223 fiutter st.
This will be a chance to secure a barsaln that
you cannot afford to miss. No such list of
prcperty has been offered in 10 years.
IT IS A SALE WITHOUT RESERVE.
See auction ad In this paper or call at my
office for catalogue and particulars.
B. P. OLIVER.
REAL ESTATE AGENT AND AUCTIONEER,
14 MONTGOMERY ST. .
_________
By W. H. CRJM *¦ CO.. 11R Montgomery.
$5W0— Market Bt.. nr. Church; 7 r. and b.;
23x115; reorWaw of $.TOCO at « per cent.
$32jO— 21st. nr. Valencia: choice locality; 6 r.
and b.; 25x115.
$2500 for 35 lot* in South San Francisco, near
electric road. . •»
$f.5()0— 25 choice lots in Richmond District;
wll! subdivide: owner must have money.
$1_O— Bryant, nr. ISth; 23x100; street bitum-
lnl:ed.
• $1260— -Whitney, nr. Sf.th st.: 50x123; on grade.
ELEGANT | CORKER RESIDENCE. ~~
II bight ft.: new modern residence of 14 rooms
and t hathn; han<lso— ely flnlFhefl: very sunny
and overlooking the Park Panhandle: lot 47:6x
112:6; lx»nk mortsape O f JJOOO at 6 per cent can
remain: must be scld. For further particulars
apply O. »• UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$lpftO_BARGAIN; cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
In first-class condition: lot 22x114: In the warm
belt of the Mission; 2 lines of cars. Apply to
H. L. R-A. V. 3- Washington st.
$710— HOUSE and lot (Mission): 8 rooms, barn,
well; installments. _ 6S6 Jessie (rear), nr. 7th.
BENJ. H. LICHTETS'STEIN. Biythe building.
Orant ave.. offers 55 feet by 774 on OTarrell
st.. near Powell. '
MODERN home for sale cheap; 7 rooms, bath,
basement, yard. Inquire 1040 Valencia' st.
C. C. BEMIS. .Real Estate and General Land
Agent. S24 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$l«00— North line Carl St.. near Stanyan: 23x
127:6 feet.;. ¦' '.¦'':-¦ , - ¦ : ¦ . .- ' . ,
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN.- 530 California
¦t, S. F. Savings Union building. , .- ¦.
IF you hare property north of .the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on-W. J.
GUNN. HO California st,
BARGAIN. . ¦-•- .-¦••" ¦ '. i •¦ - .
$14,000; rents $1954 per annum; choice corner
of two principal streets ; In 'the 'Mission, con-
sistlng.of 8 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each; eaeh flat finished very tastefully;
wood mantles,' etc.; doors handsomely pan-
eled with art glass; improvements alone or-
iginally cost $25,000: lot 74x124 with an ' _" _4_
SO. Q. H. UMBSBN - CO.. 14 Montgomery st
FOR sale— B tore and flat on best business street
, In ' Western Addition; both rented. Apply
. 150J Polk st-, Monday. .
HI-AX Eg TATC—-C-TY-— FOB SALE.
BALDWIN * HOWSS-U,
10 Mont_om_ry «t.
$7000— Fulton tt., near La— ana: -two nouns) ©|
S rooms, bats and basement — — on . ana J
flats In the rear on the small streets rent
$63; lot 27:6x_». : . f
$*»0— JmbI* it.. ne_r Fifth; three-storr frame
building: of stors below and two floors
abov© of 8 rooms; rent $50; lot 25x70.
$3000— Golden G_t* _tV, n«ar Lyon «t.; two
flats of • rooms and bath each: rent
$42 60; lot 25x137:6.
$5000— Grsen St., near Gough: flne- residence erf
9 room* and. bath, laundry, etc.; lot 28 :«
xm-.t. ¦ ¦ v ¦ •
$4*5<J— Hermann st., near FHlmore: two two-
*¦ story bay-window houses of 6 rooms and
bath each; rents $40; lot 25x120 to rear
street.
$4230— Chestnut St., near 'Powell: two-story
house of 7 rooms and bath, and two tiats
of - 4 rooms each; rents $43 50: lot 2ax
1J7:6.
$<20o— Buchanan et.. near Haight; two-story
house of 8 rooms and bath.
$1350— Bumner St., near Howard; three flats con-
taining 3, 4 and 5 rooms; rents $35.
$3300— Folsom st., near Third; two-story frame
house of store end t rooms below: flat
above of 6 rooms; rents $30.
$3250— Rltch st. near Townsend; five flats: rents
$42 W; lot 22:llxS0 to small street.
$3000— Baker St.. near Golden Gate ave.: sood
cottage of 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:C_110.
$2S0O— Jones st. ; house of 6 rooms and bath;
\ flne marine view; near Unlon-st. cars.
$1850— Heron St.; corner, near Folsom and Sth
sts.; two-story frame house in tour tene-
ments; rents ?23 50.
$1250— Twenty-first st., near Church: rood house
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25:11x114.
BUILDING LOT.
TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS CASH
Price $2S0; only $25 cash, balance small
monthly payments: a splendid opportunity to
commence and secure a future home.
GLEN PARK TERRACE
Half a block from electric cars; only 25 min-
utes from City Hall; maps and full particulars
at office. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
_____^ 10 Montgomery at.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
Rare chance for home- builders and in-
vestment seekers.
Choicest buildlr.e ¦ lots on very easy
payments: on the H-st. electric
cars and fronting Golden Gate
Park and the new 19th-
! ave. boulevard.
Lots and streets on official grad;*; •
macadamized: plank sidewalks.
¦ sras and water service.
Low prices i— bound to Increase In
value.
YOUR OWN TERMS. INTEREST
ONLY SIX PER CEN~.
MONET ADVANCED FOR BUILDING
PURPOSES.
The better class of residences In Sun-
eet DiEtrict are now being occu-
pied and constructed on tb'j
new 19th-avenue bou-
levard.
Call at once - at our branch office
'open week days, Sundays and lioll- '
. days), corner II st. and Sth ave., south
of Golden Gate Park, and ask to be
shown these beautiful lots. Full par-
ticulars and price lists also at our
office. . I
BALDWIN A HOWELL. i
10 Montgomery at. !
• - ' . •
MADISON & BURKE,
Established January. 1J5S.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
$«00— PINE St., near Scott; 2 Hats: rent $37 50;
lot 25x137:6. MADISON & BURKE.
$7WC— INSIDE of FHlmore, in the best part of I
the Western Addition: 3 flats; rent $55; must
be sold; will take small house in nice part of
the city as part payment. MADISON &
BURKE. j
LAUNDRY building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120. on north
line of Lombard 6t., bet. Fill more and Steln-
er; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut St.. in rear,
rents $7S per month: munt be sold on arcount
of non-residence. MADISON & Dl'RKE.
BUSH-ST. corner, near Kcarny; let £0x70. with
large, substantial buildings; rents $230 per
month. MADISON &¦ BURKE.
MISSION-ST. bargain, near Twelfth: large lot;
new improvements, store and flats; rents $110;
price J1S.CC0. MADISON & BURKE.
$10.500— FINE vacant property; lot 87:6x50, with
'I comem; Taylor and Greenwich st».: Junt the
place for a grocery. MADISON & BURKE.
$^000 — AN elegant north corner in the Presidio
Heights district: 60xSi>: this Is choice prop-
erty and very cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
$fJC9— BUSH »t.. near Webster: 8 rooms and
bath: elegantly finished Interior; 27x100.
MADISON & BURKE.
$«:;c— HAYES-ST. flats, near the Park; let 25x
137:6: rents $55: must be sold: north line of
street and modern. MADISON & IIURKE.
$2JCC— NICE 7-room hou*e on Noe St., near Hill;
lot 25x50. MADISON & BUIIKE.
$1?. 000— AN elegant marine view house. In the
beet of condition: will take a smaller house
for part pay lf not too far out. MADISON
A BURKE.
$45CT»-FLATS in the W. Add., near the Pan-
handle; rent $43; thoroughly medern and
ttreet bitumlnlzed. MADIgQN & BURKE.
Pl'TTER v»... corner of Buchanan; 35_S7:6; only
r.COO. MADISON ft BURKE.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
A. It, SPECK & CO.
HARD TO BEAT HARD TO BEAT
PRICES WILL PURELY ADVANCE.
$27;o.
Five flats; rents, $31.
Four flats; rents, $4S: downtown.
$6CCO.
Three choice flats, near Post and Taylo.r sts.;
i>«ys 10 per cent; 27 feet front: offer wanted.
$7500.
Flats: brand new; east of Van Ness ave.;
rtnte. $72.
$13,730— REDUCED FROM $1S.5CO.
Business property: same tenants for years:
• lore and rooming-house.
$1650-REDUCEI) FROM $250.
Splendid 2-story 7-room house-, with stable;
niehtly location: one-third cash.
$7S00 INVESTED
Will yield $102 rent monthly above taxes; brand-
new Improvements.
$;..0CO-REDUCED FROM $33,000.
Choice comer lot. 75-foot front: within half
a block of Market at.;, with old improvements;
rents about $4<K); the only corner that can be
bought vicinity of Sixth st.
«2.6CO-REDUCED FROM $60,000.
Grand Investment; 100-foot front on Ellis St.;
—•lth improvements; nicer an* better than Pal- ;
ace Hotel; rents about $3000: terms, half. cash.
Rents $1O: 100 feet front; near Taylor st- ; i
no chance like It.
Mlselon st.. In rear of Palace Hotel; lot 23xS0
feet; a bargain. „,_
Corner- W'feet front: vtclnity Sutter st., east
r>r Hyde' grand hotel, office or rooming-house
site; rent. $107. -
Butter-st. corner: 87:6xS7:S; elegant Improve-
ments; rents $1S.OO per annum.
JoO.Cw.
Forty-four feet front: vicinity of Tlvoli; cM
ln-provements: rents. $200; block from Market:
rrill double, surely In^lO^ears.
J^±mJ?™* :& co- 667 Market 6t
GEORGE M. WILI/X>X. '
«afc Permanent and Profitable Real Estate
Investments a Specialty.
328 MONTGOMERY STREET.
tW C<0— Annual rental over {10.CC0; good four-
etory corner building covering large
lot: near business center.
$00 000-Substantial. well-built 5-story and
basement 50-foot front buildinp, on Mc-
Allister st.. opposite City Hall: only
three tenants: always rented and sure
to enhance in value; lot 60x137:6.
$» 000— Annual rental over $50M>: elegant new
/ flats in most desirable part of Western
_ Addition.
$23 000— Annual rental $3500: thoroughly up-to-
date French flats, complete in every de-
tail: larce lot.
j*0 oc;o_- pays 9 per cent on this price; an at-
tractive, thoroughly up-to-date PO-foot
front 3-story . and basement building,
¦ . containing 2 stores and 4 modern flats ;
- of 7 rooms and :bath each; In most '
promising part of Western Addition;
lot B0x87:6.
$10.000--Annual rental $1200; Jackscn-st. busi-
ness property. f-
$SOCO— Fine residence lot. on north line of
' Jack3on st.: surrounded by elegant
homes; lot MxlOOra bargain.
$^00— Three cottages, near Clay and Larkln
sts.: rent $543: always rented.
$2750— Clara st.. near Fourth: large, well-built
" 2-story house; 12 rooms; 27x75; very
cheap. _
$2700— Maple st.; attractive 6-room cottage;
also 2-rooni cottage and barn: 30x112.
FOR SALE OR FOR RENT.__, ~~
New' 6-room house on: Hoffman ave., near
Elizabeth St.: chean.- '¦¦ • ¦ .-
- Also new 4-room house on Hoffman ave.
¦ xlso new 3- room house on Prentlss st.
JAMES COTTER, Agent on Hoffman ave.,
has the k *y»-j ACOB HEYMAN/ U7 Sutter st.
17NIMFROVED lots 'in different parts of the
City.; JACOB HEYMAN. 117, Sutter St.' ,
. jf ew 4-room house and bath. Including 3 lots,
75x125, ' fronting R. R.* station.' for $600; $£0 down j
and $3 monthly; 45 minutes' ride from S. F. j
. J^COB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter et i
IN Ocean View, house and lot for sale; S
I rooms; lot 25xJ25; •40Q.-817K Minna. eU , ¦
»g*L ESTATE--. CITY— yOR BAUD.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.
It MONTGOMERY ST.,
REAL ESTATE AGENT-.
$13.500— Nice residence of, 10 rooms and bath;
close to Van Ness ave. and Eddy St.;
in /™_v". n alI , <1 »y: lot 17:6x120.
$11.000— Mce Investment near Howard and
Third Bts.; S-story building:; part occu-
pied aa stores and upper part contain-
k H < r _^ >ms> US * <:I ••¦-¦lodging-house;
bay-windows, brick foundation, etc. :
raortgrajce of $«000 at «^_ per cent can r«-
«»« maln lf d «*'«*i: lot £5xS0.
$8,000— Rents $66 per month: nice double housa
or .rooms and bath each; sunny side of
Devisadero st., near California; lot SSx
.. •« l?? : mu8t be 80ld t0 cl06e estate.
$5,200— Nice cozy cottag* of 5 rooms and bath,
laundry, etc., on sunny side of Devisa-
_. *,™_Ac <fr -\?. t<f c!o6 * to California; lot 27:6x100.
«4.600-McAll!ster-st. flats; make an offer; must
be Bold; S nice flats of. 6, 6 and 5 rooms
•-; and bath each; bay-windows; brick
foundation: mortsa_e of $3400 can re-
main if desired; lot 25x137-6
$12.000-Fine Rrocery corner in a busy neighbor-
hood; store and i rooms and 'upper flat
of 7 rooms and bath; portion of lot va-
cant, which can be Improved with
• stores: monraKe of $7000 can remain if
deelred; lot HxlOO.
$12,000-4 nice, cozy bay-window flats on the
sunny side of Sutter bl, containing 6
rooms and bath tach; rentlne for $U5
per month; In order; lot 2Sx I
112:6. j
$S,0tt>— 2 nice flats or 7 ano S rooms and bath
each, on Hyde st.. close to Sutter; rent-
ing low to permanent tenants at $60 per
. month; this property must be sold; lot
S5 feet front.
$3.tO*— Rents $54 per month; Clay st., close to
Taylor: lot 40 feet front.
$6,15O~Cciy modem residenca of 8 rooms and
.. «« bathl on Devfcadero *t.; lot 23x87:6.
$3.500— J Rats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
and cottaee on rear street of < roopis
and bath: rents $32 per month: lot 37:6x
_. r. 12t;: Gre enwich st.. close io rillmore.
$3,500—1 cozy flats of 4 and S rooms and bath
each; on the east side of Guerrero st ,
close- to Twenty-second; rents $32 per
month; In the warm belt of the Mis-
sion; one-half block from Twenty-sec-
cr.d st.; electric cars and San Mateo
electric cars rass the door.
$3,WO-2-_tory bay-window . house of 9 rooms
and bath: on Union st.. corner of small
utreet; rents $30 per month; lot 25x100.
$4.000 — Rents $624 por annum; 6 tenements and
lot 50x80 feet; near Sixth and Brannan.
New pocket map of San Francisco County.
IS cents.
Choice list of bulldinc lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
; ords.'" which contains a list of properties for
sale in ail parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery at.
a. H.- UMBSEN & CO..
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION.
ABCUMOM
AUCTION-
AUCTION
At our salesroom, Monday, December 10th, at
12 o'clock noon.
_______
TIU3 TWO FOLLOWING PROPERTIES
MUST ¦ BE SOLD
By order of the owner, who Is an absentee: |
No. 1
S. E. cor. Dupont nnd Oreen sts.: Improve-,
i m?nts ronslEt of brick aud frame buildings 1
I conta inin«f S stores and 10 tenement*: rents
j 1207. SO per month, which can be Improved with
1 little outlay. 'Lot 6S:9 by 8?:«.
! • No. 2
Margarette Place, rear 4tJ Green St.: lm- :
j provements consist of 2 tenements of 3 rooms '
each; rents $3 per menth: this includes alley- j
way 2H feet wide lead!ng from Green st.
CORNER NEAR KERRY DKPOT
S. E. cor. Drimra «nd Commercial sts.; Jm- ,
provements consist of 2 stores and dwelling; '
rents low at I5>5 per month: one block from j
Market rt. and Terries. Terms cash above ¦
bank mortgage of $12.0(0. {
HOWARD STREET BUSINESS
PnOPERTY
111S-1118 Howard Bt.. N. line, near 7th St..
only cne block from new p-jftofflce; Improve-
ments consist cf store with 5 rooms and lodR-
ir.K house of K> rooms; rents $49 per month.
Lot S by 90.
M. B. STURGES ESTATE
. Executor's 6a!e.
17W Fell St.. N. W. cor. Masonic ave.; bay
window residence of S rooms and bath; cement j
walk: both streets b!tumlnlxex1 and accepted; !
this desirable corner Is located In one of the
choicest residence districts and overlooks th*
Park Panhandle. Lot 28 by 100. Subject to ;
confirmation Ly the court.
STOCKTON 6TREET BUSINESS PROPERTY !
807 Ptockton i>t.. W line, between Sacramento
and CUy *ts. ; impnmments consist of 1-story
frame building; rents $25 per month; this prop-
erty properly Improved can be made to yield
handsomely. Lot 40 by 193:(. trregrul— r. ' to
Pro*J>ect Place.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
NO. 1 . *
Folsom tt., E. line, near 21st; I choice build-
in* lots, level and ready for building; street
bituxnfnlzed and accepted. Lots _> by 95 each.
No. >
24S7 Folsom »t.. E. line, near 216t St.: Im-
1 provements consist of stable, with flat above
of C rooms and bath: street bitumlnlzed and
accepted. Lot 25 by 95.
CLEMENTINA STRKET INVESTMENT
Partition Salt-.
44f-446H Clementina ft.. N. Iln*. between Sth
and tth tts. , Improvements consist of store and
2 rooms. 'Vlth 2 tcn*m»nts of 4 rooms e.ch;
rents $34 prr month. Lot £0 by 70.
I WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE LOT.
Golden Oate ave., N. line, near Central ave.;
choice building lot 25 by 100.
NORA BEDELL ESTATE
Executrix Sale.
270- J72 Lexins'tcn ave.. W. line, near 20th St.;
2 bay window flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; rents $28 per month. Let 20 by £0. — ub-
Ject to confirmation l>y th» court.
JONES STREET INVESTMENT.
ltU-lSU^ Jones et.. W. line, near Paeiflc: 2
flats of 7 and S rooms each;' rents- $31 per
month: lot 30 by 62:4.
For further particulars apply to our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY A SONNTAG.
Real Estate Acents.
Houses Rented. Rents ' Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
C24 MARKET ST.
i $4«.000— O'Farrell st., near Stockton: lot 2jx
1 S7:0 feet: well Improved; well rented; this is
a choice piece of property.
$41,000— Mission st'., near Fifth; lot 67:6x1.0
feet, with eld Improverrtrntp 1 .
$25,000— Suuart st., near Market: let 38x137:6
feet; ready to build on: could be leaaed to pay
good Income If purchaser will build.
tll.OOO — Downtown orner 00 Post st.; lot 20
x60 fret; good Improvements; rents at $50 per
month and can be Improved and rents much
Increased.
$10.S00 — Three beautiful new strictly modern
fiats on Webster St.; marble eteps; tiled vesti-
bule; rents $90 per month.
$7500— Modern and attractive Western Addi-
tion residence; flne locition.
$7.50 — Business property on Mint ave.. near
Fifth «t- : lot 25x73 feet: wfcll rented; good
improvements.
J6500— Broadway, near Octavia; north side;
lot 27xlJ7:6 feet.
$5250— California «t.; downtown lot; 23x80 feet;
rents $50 per month.
$24<X>— Lot 22x75 feet; 2 flats renting for $22
per month; Elliott Park, near Steiner st.
$2000 to $3500—5 hour.es and cottages in Mis-
sion; easy terms; from 4 to 7 rooms each; lot
2F.X&9 and ICQ feet; these properties must be
sold at once by order cf the bank, same having
b»-n foreclosed. If you v.-ant a bargain this
ts a cood oprjortunity.
$2000— Union st., near Pclk; lots 13x100 feet.
$««— Lot on Noe St., near Valley; 25x115 feel,
sold at this rrice to make a quick sale.
Further i.articulars o£ BOVEE. TOT &
SONNTAG.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
M house of 12 rooms on Lngiina st.. In Pacific
Heights; lot 27:RxlO7 feot; It must be sold; re- ;
duced to IW.Wi.
RENTS $52 50— PRICE JoMO.
Two $r.e new flats In the Par handle District;
ail latest modern improvements; a good invest-
ment.
A beautiful corner Jot on Pacific ave.. on the
Heights ; marine and city view; 45x100 feet; will
sell cheap.
Reduced to »40C0— Good home of 7 rooms and
bath; on Stelner ,'st.. near O'Farrell; owner
anxious to sell. • '
$€0 per foot; any size lot on Clay st.. Presidio
Heights; al! ready to build on. -
$2800 — A pretty Mission home, 6 rooms and
bath: wide lot.
<i2.oon — 4 new modern flats, near Park; rented
for ?112 SO monthly.
Only $1250— Cottage of 5 rooms, on Noe st. ;
lot 28:8x103. , , .
A cozy home on Webster St.. near California;
7 rooms and bath; only $5500.
LOTS LOTS LOTS.
In Pacific and Presidio Heights, Pacific ave.,
Devisadero, Vallejo, Clay sts., etc.; all sites
and prices.
Ban Mp.teo homes for city people.
McAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
BURNHAM & MARSH CO. '. -
GEARY" sfl FINE BUY.
$24.500— Pays 7 per cent -.net; grand" 3-story
building: ttone front; built but S years; same
tenant for 5 years; not far from -Union square;
don't miss It; will be worth $30,000 ¦ Inside- 6
months.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT ! ! t , .
$12,000— Rent $100 a month; large lot, which
is alone worth the money, and splendid 8-story
building: only 1 block from Market and Third
sts.;. tenant pays water and ; makes repairs ;
larte Interest and flne future.
BIG; SACRIFICE!!
$3000— Lot overlooking Presidio; fine neigh-
borhood; will bo sold for ; $2000 on , account of
sickness.
MUST 8ELL.
" ¦ $3500— RENT $6S 30.
3, elegant flats,- almost new; cost $7700: lot
cf*t $8S00; on Pine st., near Webster; for few
days only. ¦ •• ..,<
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. . .
20 Montgomery •_
REAL ESTATE— COCTTRT—Fof Sale
A CHEAP little ranch of SO acres, near rail-
road town. Alameda County; house, barn,
poultry houses, plenty of good water. Get
• particular* of this. H. H. CRANE. 5Ca Calif.
CHEAP little home l.-v town. Alameda County;
extensiTe poultry houses and yards; house for
1000 pigeons; real estate, personal property;
all for 1750. Call 503 California St.. room i.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of th* 3O0O ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more tha:»
all other agents la city; state what's wanted.
X. D. STCKELS. the Land Agent. 8 Geary nt.
REAL ESTATES TO K.XCHA.VCE.
EQUITY in Income property In the Mission dis-
trict valued at $3300. to trade for house and
lot in city or bay town; income $73 per month.
HARPER. 337 Parrott building-
J45OO EQUITY; whole Mock near Twenty-nintn
and Castro sts. : 43 lota; bank mortgage S per
cent can remain; what do* you offer? Box
(M. Call offloa.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.. sells an<1
exchanges terms and city property; printed
Haw.
NEW -ottatte 6 rms.. bath: let aurlOO: Mission;
r*nt»l l*™»: «n«t vt»ei»nt lot.» 413 K#arny m.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WASTED — To rent, with Tlew to buying, small
place from 2 to 5 or 8 acres, twtwrwi S*i»
Francisco and AXIHbrae; must be reasonable;
state full particulars. Box «S2, Call offlce.
WANTKD— Residence, 8 rooms: 27:« feet front:
Ic-oation California. Paclfle. Flllmore. Brod-
ertck sts. : no agents. Box 8S5. Call offlca.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
JXOO— Lot 27 :«xl25:* modern cottage. 4 rooms and
bath: near station and school; $i£O cash. 112 io
per month.
J1IC0— N'E. corner lot 50x100; 2-story house, i
rcoms and bath; must be scld to cloas> estato.
31900 — Lot 30x150; fine new modern cottage, •
rooms and bath; foreclosure sale; ££0 cash.
$20 per month.
jrcco— Lot 40il.V>; new modern cottage, T room*
I and bath; between railroa.le; near Morton sta-
tion and school; easy terms.
j F-SW— Lot 40x110: new modem house. 8 rocin*
j and bath: plastered basement; best location;
i niar station and school.
EAST TEItMS.
Jir»-Lot 57:6x150; Willow st. half a block
frcm station and school; 2-story hous« of 1<J
| ri^ms and bath; also 3 rcoms in attic: larg»
j stable, etc. : this property U being foreclosed
• and Is a snap.
$5C0O-Lot 50x2*7:6. with elegant 2-story h-iss,
1? rooms and bath: stable: cost th3 owner $11.-
tCG; en main avenue; well located.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL dt CO..
1422 Park st., Alameda. Cal
BARGAINS in Alameda Real Estate.
Properties For Sale under Foreclosure.
Easy Terms; Choice Locations.
A chance to get a home below cost: elegant
home of 8 rooms: lot 42xi3>; stable ar.d out-
! houses; near Morton-streot station.
! ONLY $2C0O.
I An artistic Colonial home: 7 rooms and bath:
• largo lot; beat surroundings: muat b« sold.
At 12350.
Call and fee u? if you want a eottaga. a
home or a mansion: houses built, rented and
| exchanged ; your terms ars ours. Remember
i the address.
I ALAMEDA LANT> CO3IPAXY.
: 1500 Park street. Alameda. and
20 Peat street. S. F.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
SZZJh — FINE modem 6-room house.
J2T0ft— Flee modern 7-room housa.
$r£O— Fine modern S-roora cottag*.
|5.>T0_ 9- room hcuse; lot T5xlT3 feet, en
Grand st. If you want a horse, see this. All
these ar»» desirably located and must be
seen to be appreciated. We have property tn
all parts of Alameda. Houses rented and
prot>erty exchanged, HAilMONX* & COX-
GER. 23M Santa Clara avenue. Alameda;
telephone Paru 10S3.
FOP. INn^ESTMENTS—
•4 new modern 5-room cottages: pay 10 per
cent: best location: always rented: »«v»ral
other fcanraln?. Apply to' A. R. DENKS
SR- 1400 Webster St.. Alameda.
jlSjO PART cash: an elegant new colonial cot-
tage 6 rooms: ftn» plumbing: lot 45x120: N-
glrie atrfot. J. H. YOUXO. bonder. 1423 Par*.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL E^ T J^ T^_
COCA- NEW «-room cottage, porceiala bath.
tiled aide, stationary tubs, fine gas mantel.
gas fixtures; street work all done; cement
walks all around place; 2 blocks to station;
electric cars pass door; 80-foot street: C'»
cash, balance $3> per month. W. C. MORA.V.
11300— *3M> CASH, balance 112 per month; coat
J22GO; bank loaned ?1M>O on this place: 5 large
rooms; double parlors: flne mantel; high base-
ment; brick foundation; larjre lot; half block
to cars: must be sild to settle an estate. W.
C MORAN.
J300— WHY pay rent -when you can get a fln»
bay-window cottage ot 5 rooms and bath;
high basement; brick foundation; all sewered:
on sunny sid.e of street; 2 blocks to cars; only
J1C0 cash, balance 1V2 per month. Including
interest: bank loaned J12fK) on this place. W.
C. MOHAN. Lortn station. Berkeley.
5-ROOM cottaee, 2 blocks from station; lot £0
xl35; nice orchard, barn and place for chick-
ens; "price J1200: $10© down, balance $15 per
month. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lortn. and inquire for RCDOLPH. PERKINS
& L.YON.
NEW modern cottase of S rooms; S blocks from
station; hot and cold water; pantry and
closets, bath etc.; lot SOxlCO; street macadam-
ized: price $1900: $200 down, balance CO per
month. RUDOLPH. PERKIN3 & LYON.
Lorln Station. Berkeley.
JGOO— ONT, of the finest sites for a horns In
Alameda .County, with an uninterrupted view
of the bay; 200 feet frontage; a bargain.
$22)0— Near the university: 7-room two-story
houae; lot 60x135; worth looking at.
j $2o00 — Fronting on Grove st. ; street work all
j done; 7-jroom house; large lot; easy terms.
I $1735— 2-story 6-room house, near the station.
• electric railroad and school house: street wort
i all done.
Apply to MASOX & MeLEXATHEN. adjola-
j Ins P- O., Berkeley.
j $2C0 CASH. $25 per month, buys this fine new
and modem bungalow cottage; 5 rooms, bath,
hall, pantry, etc.; high basement: brick foun-
dation; modern plumbing: only one block
from station, cars, postofflce. stores, etc. H.
D. IRWIN. Lorln Station.
LOOK— Six lots. *>xl33 feet each: splendid loca-
tion; level; near local trains; East Berkeley;
only $1COO: a snap.
I will buy a lot and build a house to suit
you on Installments, in Berkeley. Oaklar.J.
Frultvale or San Francisco. H. B. PINNEY.
opp. local station. Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FnflTVALK RCAL ESTATE.
$1230— HOUSE, 6 rooms: large barn: fruit trees:
corner lot 50x150; th« house Is worth the above
price; easy payments.
$300— House. 3 rooms; lot 43x143; chlcken-
houses and good fence; $11 20 per month will
buy this home.
"J1600— New house-.* ( rooms and bath; near
rtatlon; we will loan you the money to buy
this home.
$€50— House. 4 rooms: lot SOxSA: good well:
this home can be bought ca monthly payments
ot »7-
$12C0— N»w house, 5 rooms and bath: rood
barn, end cook stove connected: lot 130x115
leet: fine place for chickens; all fenced: your
own terms.
$16CO— Lovely home: 1 Mock from Haywards
car line, near High St.: large lot: good stable,
chicken-houses, etc.: look at this place.
$120C— Modern house. 4 large rooms, bath.
stationary waststand. tubs, large basement:
$2G0 cash, balance $11 per month; near sta-
tion.
HOME BnLDINO COMPANY.
Fruttvale are..
Near Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND itEAL ESTATE.
HOTELS for sale.
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware store.
Drug store. .
T#n good fann3 for sale: some far exchxns\
See E. E. BITNCE for all bargains. %2 Broad-
way. Oakland.
For Additional Classified Adverti»»-
Sieiits See Pago Thirty. "
BBAL ESTATE--CITY — FOB S-LLE.
VON RHEDf REAL ESTATD CO. One).
Sli CAUFOI-S'IA ST.
ZMPROVETD. ¦ • -
. $13.000— Comer Oreen and Powell ata.j TUxTO;
«-«fry buildlnsr; rents tin.
112.500— Union «t, near Taylor; 8 modern Cats
and rear house; 13:9x123:9; rents $37.
$1J. 000— Corner Bush and Hyde; 25x67:1! atora
and 3 flats; rents $70 50.
110,000— Twelfth st.. near Howard; 153x145; 10-
room dwelling.
$6S0O— Hayea at, near Buchanan; »x_»; to
rear street; house of f rooma.
$6000— Folaom st, near Eighth; _5x90; 1 flats;
rent* $46.
$6000— Lombard, near Dupont; 40x90 to rear
street: 4 flats; rents $54.
$5250-Callfornla et, near Baker; K:3xS2:«;
S flats; rents $42 50.
$5«00— Green st., near IXipont: l«:6xS0; 1 bay-
window flats: rents 155.
14500— Florida St., near Twenty-second; 31x100;
4 flats; rents $4S.
$4500— Kearny st. near Union; 20x59 to rear
street;! houses; rents *3S 25.
$2700— Central ave., near Hayea ¦_: SSxlM;
store and 4 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
Corner Golden Gate ave. and Leavenworth;
, 137:6x127:6.
$12,500— Cor. Clay st. and Central ave.; S6:3
xl30; will subdivide.
17000 — Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth; 6Sx3«.
$7500 — Valencia at, near Twenty-eUth; 60x90.
Comer Bryant and* Twenty-second ats.; will
subdivide; 65x100.
JSSOO— Fulton St.. near Fillmore; 32:6x137:5.
S3tt<O— Laguna at., near Pace; 25xlCO.
$C7M each— Post St., near Devisadero: 2 lota.
$.000— Waller St., near Stanyan; 23x100.
$1800— Bryant st, near Twenty-third; 2<5_1CO.
$1750— Corner Castro and Alvarado; M:6xlC_
J150O— Sutter St.. near Lyon:. 85:3x100.
tlOOO— Fifteenth, n^vr Castro; .5x103:4^.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Henu Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$10,000 — Choice investment; Rutter St.. near
Montgomery; central, sate; pays over a
per c-nt net
$5100— Lot S.W. cor. Grove and Devisadero;
31x110: on main drive to Park.
$3250— Lot W. l>evlsadero; ,6x110; adjoining
above lot.
$2600— Lot S. Grove; .7x112; adjoining above
lets.
$&e0-Comer lot; Hyde and Francisco; secure
$1955 view of bay; Improving location; will
! $1750 subdivide; 15 minutes from Market st.
i $1200— Lot Stockton, near Chestnut; 22x65;
Hats on it would i>ay well.
$1350— Lot Chestnut, near Stockton; etreet ac-
cepted; make offer.
$5M0— Nice home; Octavia St.. near Broad-
way; 8 rooms, etc.; good neighborhood.
HAWKS _ SKELTOy, 823 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORIt, 403 Pine st,
Opposite Nevada Bank.
Last chance to get any of those b_ildir.s
lots 25-90 near Market st. and City Hall at the
; low prices; come quick and secure one.
' $3750— A nice house on Union st, near Jones;
a cozy home; fine view.
| Reduced to $_J0— A splendid 10-room house
and lot 32x125 feet on Howard St., near 16th.
$«XH>— Credit sale of a Par- Panhandle prop-
erty on Oak St.. near Central ave. ; tine cottage
of 6 rooma and bath; lot 25x110.
$11,000— Rent $123; corner property in a grow-
ing manufacturing neighborhood; stores and
flats.
; $750©— 3-story house of 12 rooms; Sacramento
St.. neat Webster.
53750 — Rent $. r _8 per annum: 3-story; store
and 2 flats; a very snug small business prop-
erty^
THE COMING CITY SAXTA FE
At Point Richmond, terminus of Santa Fe
Railroad.
Bound to grow. Lets are bound to Increase.
Railroad car shops located here.
An im;>ortant railroad terminus and head-
quarters. Manufacturing and shipping inter-
ests sure to increase; lots $125; all level; streets
_raded.
|10 CASH $3 MONTHLY.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
A— DAVID STKRX & SO#CS. Real Estate Agt_.
¦ 11 Montgomery st.
$2S<"0 — RENTS $324: 2 NEW. MODERN
fists; warm belt of Mission; alway3 rented;
grand view: 4 and 5 rooms and bath; 2_xlU.
$16,500— RF.NTH $123S; CHOICE BUS1NES3
ci rncr on McAllister St.; 34:»_S7:6.
j«Tfy>_RE>"TS $S00; VALENCIA ST.. NEAR
Twenty-second; 2 modern houses; large lot,
4.'xS5.
t&CO— RARE chance to eecure a home: cottagw
of 4 rooma; lot 25xl_>: central location and
near cars; the cheapest home in S. F. : houses
and lots can be purchased from THISTLE-
TON. 2T2 Sadowa st, Ocean View, at wonder-
ful bargains.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
CAN YOU SPARE $5 OR $10 A MONTH?
SELECT A GOOD LOT FROM US AT A
BARGAIN.
JiCO to JSOO-Incomparable Sunset lota; graded.
$C0O to $S50 — Choicest Richmond lout; $19
monthly.
$75 to $200— Ocean Boulevard ?ots; $5 monthly.
$iW to (ISO— Level lota near Mission electri-?
c_r_; $5 monthly.
$500 to $1000 — Splendid cottages _ear cars; In-
stallments llk« rent.
Branch office. Ninth ave.. near H st Open
every day and Sun_ay.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER,
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
FOUR-STORT AND BASEMENT BUILDING
ON HOWARD ST.
BRINGLN'G IN $U> A MONTH.
PRICE $16,000.
A CORNER FIFTY VARA ON SCOTT ST.
With good view and convenient residence
locality, for only $3CQ0.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery st.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 630 Market: 2d mortgages: estates.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY- — For Sale
FARMsTviNEY A RDsTc R A zfNo'_AN_»sl
FOR SALE BY
McAFEE BROTHERS. 10$ Montgomery etreet.
San Francisco.
Country property can now be bought at prices
that assure good interest, and the future pros-
pects of the State warrant increasing values;
examine this list:
10 acres, bearing orange.«_ at Palermo.... $1.00'>
160 acres grain land, near Livermore 2.500
10-acre orchard home, near Napa ¦ a.600
10-acre elegant home, cear Santa Rosa.... 7.0MO
! 100 acres vineyard & winery, nr. San Jose. 25,eoo
WRITE OR CALL FOR UST OF
SAN MATEO RESIDENCES.
FARMS, GRAZING AND MARSH LANDS.
ORANGES LEMONS.
Buy a home in the Orange and Lemon Colony
of Northern California; no scale: no frost:
abundance of water for Irrigation; In tracts of
5 acres and upward.
1200 acres grazing land, near Santa Rosa, for
sale cr lease; price, $10 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery St.. S. F.
310 ACRES: 230 level: 30 meadow; good fencing;
2C0 apple trees; new building; sugar and yel-
low pines: near Sisson. Shasta Co.; $3500.
SALSDURY, Notary. 4^9 Ninth St.. Oakland.
14 ACRES river bottom; 5 In peaches. 5 alfalfa:
near Stockton; $1500: third cash, balance at
low Interest. SALSBURY. Notary. *53 Ninth
St.. Oakland.
SALSBURY. S3 Ninth st!I Oakland. Cal.—
Shasta Co. lands, clear, to trade.
ICO FRONT feet cne block from public building;
in San Jose: value $£>C0: exchange, clear, for
lots equal value: Oakland, Frultvale or near
San Leandro. SALSBURY, 4,9 Ninth St..
Oakland.
HEADQUARTERS for the best Newtown Plp-
plns and Bellefleur apple land.
Do not fall to call and vl3lt Pajaro Valley at
Watsonville, the surest producing section In the
West: a!so for strawberries and grcsn crops of
-. No irrigation needed.
Land ranges In price from $23 upward.
Several good grain and stock ranches for sale.-
Send for catalogues to
R. P. QUINN.
Real Estate Agent. Watsonvir.e. Cal.
A SPLENDID stock farm of 1100 acres, only 1*
miles from the city of Oakland: nrice $10 per
acre; some . is the richest kind of farming
land; g<v>d house, barn and granary: plenty
of water and wood; land all fenced. MARION
GRIFFIN. 71D Market st.
5 ACRES at Menlo Park: small house and
barn; 2 chicken houses;' fenced and cross-
fenced; 15 large oak trees and some fruit
trees en the place; cheap to immediate buyer-
terms. HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
$700— THREE acres fruit and poultry farm; fine
orchard: room for 2000 fowls; no' buildings
M. A. WA1NWRIOHT. Sonoma, Cal.
MARIN Co., M miles from S. F.— $40 to $?0 per
acre;cholce lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy, terms; rait
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 8. 8th floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
A SACRIFICE— Cottage of S rooms; lot 59x108;
I In the choicest residence portion of San Jose;
1 will exchange ' for ¦ Ean . Francisco property.'
PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall aqtiaxa.STOCKTON, Dec. ' 8.— Mrs. Lilian N."
Confer to-day filed an application for let
ters of administration upon the estate of
her deceased father, ex-Sheriff Thomas
Cunningham. The 1 estate is valued at
$5155 67 in bank. The petitioner and two
other married daughters are the heirs and
no .will was found. It, Is known that the
deceased - had : real property valued at
about $50,000, \ but this was all deeded by
him some time prior to his demise. There
Is also $7500 life insurance.
Thomas Cunningham's Estate.
Dr. Vandye said: "The idea that there
was any misunderstanding at the meeting
of the committee at Washington Isj an
absolute mistake. The committe was ap
pointed, first of all. to get light from the
church at large on the subject of the
amendment of the Presbyterian doctrine
and to suggest the best mode by which
such amendment could be accomplished.
The committeemen unanimously found it
beyond the shadow of a doubt that an
overwhelming majority of the church was,
in favor of some such amendment. .- They
were united also in their Judgment that
the church did not desire to supplant or
set aside the Washington conference, but
only to modify in some way some of Us
statements, and possibly to do this by
the. addition of a briefer statement con
talninp those doctrines which are essen
tial and vital to our system of faith. The
committee, not being altogether idiotic,
never imagined that work so important
could be done In three days or in a week
or in a month. The first task -was to find
the best line along which to move in
meeting the desire of the church for
amendment, for submission to the assem
bly to the church; This is a work of Im
mense importance and cannot be done
well unless it can be done slowly. The
committee needs time and proposes to
take it. All their meetings thus far have
been characterized by a spirit of harmony
and fraternal confidence. There is no pos
sible danger, that I can see of a split In
: the Presbyterian church. Even If the
work of a revision should be delayed for
months or years it is sure to come be
cause the church demands it."
"The committee will meet in this city
on February 12 next to finally prepare Its
statement to- the General Assembly in
PRINCETON, N. J., Dec. 8.— The Rev.
Dr. Henry Vandye, member of the com
mittee on revision of the Presbyterian
creed, made a statement to-day In which
he said that the revision must surely
come.
"&. It was therefore unanimously agreed
by the committee to recommend to the
General Assembly that some revision or
change be maSe in our confessional state
ments. Substantial but not final agree
ment was reached as to the method of
preparing changes embodying both re
vision and : supplemental statement; but
the determining of the whole matter was
deterred to a subsequent meeting.
"4. The returns also indicate a desire
on the part of many presbyteries for
some revision of the present confession.
"3. The returns also Indicate that a
large plurality desire that changes should
be made by some new statement of pres
ent doctrines.
"2. Tho returns indicate plainly that no
change is desired which would in any
way impair the integrity of the system
of doctrine contained In the confession of
faith.
"1." That the returns plainly indicate
that the church desires some changes in
its credal statement.
The committee finds on examination of
the returns from the presbyteries the fol
lowing facts:
WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— After two
hours' deliberation to-day, the Presby
terian committee concluded Its discussion
of the "revision of the Westminster Con
fession of Faith and adjourned.
Action Taken by the Pres
byterian Committee at
Washington.
RECOMMENDS
REVISION OF CREED
Judge Shinn placed no limit upon the
arguments and, as four lawyers will argue
for each side, it Is likely that the case will
not reach the Jury before the first of next
week. v
Continuing, he said the jurymen must
determine for themselves whether the dec
larations presented by the prosecution as
the dying words of Mrs. Castle were real
ly her deathbed statement, and whether
the wounded woman knew clearly what
she was doing.
V. P. Mooney of Eldorado, opening for
the defense, attacked Olin Castle for stim
ulating JeaJousy between the two women,
and took occasion to say that Mrs. Castle
was better off In her grave than living
with such a man as he had shown himself
to be. -
Castle left the courtroom while Mooney
was closing for the prisoner.
With each hour since she left the stand
yesterday the prisoner had gained
strength and every movement she made
to-day depicted the feelings she felt — joy
over the belief that she would soon be
free. She pinned a rose on her dress be
fore she left her cell and talked brightly
with the jailer on the way to the court
room. She listened with rapt attention to
the lawyers as they argued earnestly for
one side or the other, but the strained
look, the red eyes and pale countenance
bo noticeable during the weary hours of
testimony-taking were missing. The
knowledge that she would soon know her
fate seemed to change her whole being;
instead of an expected collapse, the ap
proach of the end stimulated her to great
er effort.
Judge Shlnn's instructions to the Jury
rather favored the defendant than not.
He told the Jury that a verdict could be
rendered on any count from first degree
murder to fourth degree manslaughter. If
the defendant believed she was in danger
of being killed by Clara Wiley-Castle,
having ilrst been attacked by her, Bhe had
the right to take steps to save her own
life, even the taking of life.
ELDORADO, Kana., ! Dec 8.— Smiling
and confident, Jessie Morrison to-day sat
through three hours of pleading, the last
stage but one In her trial for the murder
of Mrs. Castle.
Accused Woman Smiling
and Confident in the
Courtroom.
JUDGE INSTRUCTS
MORRISON JURY
WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— Representative
Loud's bill permitting the distilling" of
brandy from cherries passed the House
to-day without objection.
-Representative Loud will secure among
other things In ( the river and harbor bill,
soon to be reported, an appropriation of
$96,000 for the lemoval qf Blossom Rock,
in San Francisco harbor. The bill will
also contain, at Mr. Loud's request, Van
appropriation of $3000 for the improve
ment of Redwood Creek.
Recommends Hanging.
PLATTE CITY, Mo., Dec. 8.— General
Armstrong, colored, 15 years old, was to»
day found guilty of assaulting a' white
girl in July last and a verdict for hang T
ing rendered. . . - X I.
Representative Loud Works for Ap
propriation in Harbor Bill for
This Purpose.
MONEY FOR REMOVAL
OF BLOSSOM ROCK
Train.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 8.— Twenty per
sons were Injured to-day In an accident
on the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Bal
timore Railroad at Greys Ferry station
in West Philadelphia. An empty box car
jumped the track and damaged several of
the passenger coaches on the express
train which leaves Washington at 11 a.
m. for New York. Miss Emma Dougher
ty of Chester had both legs broken and is
in a critical condition, and Miss Ella Lit
tle, also of Chester, was dangerously In
jured.
MANY INJTJTtED IN A
PENNSYLVANIA WRECK
Empty Box Car Jumps the Track
and Crashes Against Express
Sued For.
ST. LOUIS, Dec 8.— The case of Mary
Hlllmon of Leavenworth, Kansas, begun
twenty-one years ago against the Con
necticut Life Insurance Company to re
cover about $20,000 alleged to be due in
policies on the life of her husband, John
J. Hlllmon. was submitted to th« United
States Court of Appeals for final decision
to-day. The transcript in the case con
tains upward of 3.000,000 words. This case
has been reversed and. remanded a scoro
of times and in resisting the suits the de
fendant corporation is said to have ex
pended not lees than $100,000.
HXLLMON CASE GOES
TO COURT OF APPEALS
More Money Spent in Litigation Fees
Than th« Amount , Originally
ANOTHER AMEBICAN TO
BECOME A COUNTESS
Engagement of Miss • Clara Long
worth, and Count D-'Chambrun
Announced.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 8.-iliss Clara Long
worth of Cincinnati is to wed the Count
d'Chambrun of Par's. The announcement
was made by her brother, Hon. Nicholas
Longworth. She Is the daughter of the
late Judge Nicholas, Longworth. The
Count, who has been here for some time
is quite democratic In his tastes The
wedding will probably occur before Lent
and the couple will reside in Paris, where
it is said, the Count holds large posses-
Building Association -Aisisms.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 8.-The Missouri Guar
antee Savings and Building Association
made an assignment in the sum of $100 -
000 this afternoon to William H. Verity
trustee, for the benefit of the creditors
and stockholders. All property, real and
Makes Good Time.
CHICAGO.' Dec. 8.-The fast mall on the
Burlington road made the remarkable run
iSoii JJ!n« i fr^ m C . hIca 5° to Galesburs of
162H miles In 157 minutes. Allowing 9 min
a£f fnl St n P3 !? Chl <*«° yarda. crasTngs
£3 rJ r * 011 and water ' the net time was
148 minutes, or an average rate of 66 miles
an hour actual running-time. .
ara has defied the Mexican officials to rout
htm out. Green kept a larsre number of cow
boys on his pay roll and used th*ra to drive oft
all civilians, but when a squad of soldiers
¦woulj be sent to support the civil officers not
an armed cowboy could be found, though they
returned soon enough when tne soldiery lert.
Since the legal contention has gone against
Green In the Mexican courts, however, it la
likely he will be ousted.-
These mines were worked In the . early days
by the Spaniards and have produced mucn cop
per. Another mine of Importance Is the coal
mine being opened up by General Kasan on tha
line of the road to Guaymaa. General Ea<an
has in. his concession 3.000. >X> hectares of land.
The Crystal Lake Mining Company, tho
new owner of the JLakevlew and Jackson
mining property in Mono County. Is erect-
Ing a large milling plant on tha property,
vhlch is near Lundy.
A concentrating and smelting plant will
be constructed on the San Francisco
River In Arizona for the Media Copper
Company. The concentrator will treat
only ores from the Media mines, between
Clifton and Morenci. but the smelter will
not only be used for the ores of the com
pany, but will be a custom treatment en
terprise. The plant was ordered some
time ago and la In Chicago ready for ship
ment. The new plant will eneourase pros
pecting. The concentrator will have a
capacity of 100 tons and the water Jacket
will be capable of treating only fifty tons
of ore daily. The first plants Installed ara
In the nature of an experiment and their
successful operation will precede the in
stallation of works of Increased capacity.
Anaconda Copper Mining Company, Par
rott Silver and Copper Mining Company
and Uennessy Mercantile Company. This
company is a large owner or the stock;
of the Boston and Montana Consolidated
Copper and Silver Mining Company.
The controversy concerning the use of
lieu land scrip to gain possession of a.
strip of land lying between the mill and
the abaft of the Republican mine In Tuol
umne County was settled by an agree
ment between the contestants when the
matter came before Land Commissioner
Alexey at Stockton recently. The Stock
ton says the locaters agreed to seg
regate the land and withdraw all «»'gtmfl
on mineral portions.
The Etna valley Advance reports that
one of the largest mining enterprises in>
the northern counties is opening up un
der the direction of James McKeena for
the Helena Gold Mining Company. He
has a new sawmill, bunkhouse, boarding
house, mill and tramway ready for use.
The company will begin operations about
January 1. The ore Is low grade. The lo
cation la on Boulder Creek, near Calla
hans.
The Calaveras Citizen reports the fol
lowing:
Good news is reported from the ZA07A *rav*i
mine on Central Hill this week. Th» property
is owned by tha Lloyds of Baa Andre**, but
ia under bond to Mr. Palmer, an Oakland "¦»*» .
A shaft baa bean sunk to m. depth of 213 feet.
and for sotn* weeks drifting ha* been going
on in a westsrly direction from th« shaft la
search of tho old channel. A few days ago
six feet of gravel wu •truck and It U sup
posed to be rich. At present 'twelve nua are
employed on tight-hour shifts and steaxa power
Is us«d for hoisting an4 pomplng, A Urn
new pump has recently bean irmallftd la to*
mine. A larze quantity ot wood is being pur
chased.
The Calaveras Chronicle says:
The Hexter mine has baea boodai to Bryan.
Jennings & Co. of SaA Franclaco, wbo will
soon start work by drlTlnc the tunnel Into
the channel. The tunnel Is now In 1400 feet
and (00 feet yet remain to be pierced before
th« channel will be reached. Some $30,000 ha*
been so far expended on the property; less
than $10,000 more will snfflce to drive tie txux*
nel Into the channel. This company own* some
two miles of the old Corral Flat channel. Tat
influx of water is claimed as the reason thai
work ceased on the channel. The Hexter too*
nel will effectively drain It.
County Clerk Fisher ot Flacervffle has),
discovered a ledge bearing copper, so cays
the Amador Dispatch.
According to the Sonora Democrat:
A body of ore Is said to have beea encomv*
tered in the Tri-Color mine at Tuttletown. At
the Hopeton, a pocket mine, on • tho eastern
outskirts of Sonora, tha ¦ shaft has reached a
depth of 140 feet. The vela is twelve Inches
in width. X. May and son. who are worklaf
a pocket mine off Barratta street oo the
southeasterly limits of Sonora. ara getting an
encouraging prospect. They are drifting oa
the vein from the bottom of a seventy-foot
shaft. The Qraper and Starr King mines are
now the property of a company composed ot
Boston capitalists, the final payments bctn£
made this week. The mines were the prop
erty of Thomas "Whltto. who bonded them to
some Oakland men. who in torn bonded them
to the Eastern capitalists. It Is understood
that Mr. Whltto received $12,000 on the deal.
Work on the mines, which ara situated near
Soulsbyvllle. will be prosecuted on a larj •
scale.
The Prescott Courier reports that
Messrs. L. C. Hayes and John McBride
of New York have purchased tha Whits
Horse group. Including live quarts claims
and a mill site In the Walker district.
from Von Wolff & Wright. The proper
ties are located four miles from the Mud
hole mines.
The Los Angeles Herald has the follow
ing in reference to mining in Sonora and
Sinaloa. on the authority of F. E. Mote
\erde Jr., a mining man of Hermoslllo:
Hermoslllo Is the center of a mining district
that Is growing In Importance,* and the effect
13 noticeable In the city. In paving; building
and In general appearance th« city is being
rapidly modernized. W. E. Green has been for
a locg time In possession of copper properties
lien Land Scrip Controversy Is Com
promised at Stockton — Large
Plants Are Proposed for
Southern Mines.
— •
Many class and other publications are
discussing the report of the Chief ot the
Division of Mining and Mineral Be
sources of the United States Geological
Survey. In some quarters the value of all
the minerals put out last year, which wa»
5976,008,946, la used as an argument In
favor of the establishment of a Depart
ment of Mines and Mining, upon the rea
sonable basis that the mlnins Industry
has assumed such great size aa to entitle
it to that consideration. It is pointed out
that the production from 1890 to 1S33 has
exceeded $500,000,000 every year but two,
the panic years of 1893 and 1394. Th<*
average yearly production from 1390 to
1S33, Inclusive, was JGIS.286,510. The pro
duction In 1899 was 5357,722,428, or ES per
cent in excess of the average production
of the preceding nine years. The relative
order of Increase In values of leading
products waa as follows: Pig Iron, coal,
copper and crude petroleum. The figure*
concerning petroleum are misleading In
one respect. The Increase was due to
higher prices, and not to the larger qTian*
tlty produced. The advance in amount
was only 1,700.000 barrels, or less than \
per cent, while the figures of value Indi
cate an increase of *o per cent above tn»
preceding year, or J20.KW.OOO advance. An
Industry that grows an average of
$357,722,133 in a year surety deserve* at
tention from the Government for ltd
fostering.
The total value of the metallic products
In 1S99 was $527,213,081, against $343,400^55
In 1S9S, an Increase of $153,817,129. or H
per cent. The total value of the coo.
metallic products Increased J34.371.Q07, or
27 per cent, from $353,419,765 in 1S33 to
$447,790,562 In 1839. In every year since 1SS1
to 1S93, Inclusive, the value of the non
metalUc products haj exceeded thos* of
the metallic products. In 1SSO, however, tha
metallic products were worth, $18,300,000
more than the non-metallic products. la
li90 the metallic products exceeded those
of the non-metallic products by
$79,500,000. In IaOS the metallic products
were less than the non-metallic products
by $10,000,000, so that there has been a
change of nearly $90,000,000 in tha relative
values as between 1S9S and 1S39.
An application of the Amalgamated
Copper Company to be admitted to trad-
Ing in the unlisted department of the
New York Stock Exchange waa made re*
cently. The facts are set forth that the
stock, except organizers' shares, consist
of: \Vashoe Copper Company, i5,0uO,u<JO;
Colorado Smelting and Mining Company,
$2,500,000; Diamond Coal and Coke Com*
pany, $1,500,000. and Bis Black Foot Mill
ing Company, $700,000. A majority of tho
capital stocks of the following are owned:
Enormous Growth of Mining
Interests Demands
Recognition.
FIGURES OFFER
ARGUMENTS FOR
A DEPARTMENT
THE SAN ¦¦FRANCISCO €ALL, SUNDAY DECEMBER 9, 1900.
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What adds more comfort to
a room than a Rug? Here the
assortment'is varied and exten-
sive.
We've an all-wool, prettily
patterned. Smyrna Rug, 30x60
inches, selling for the paltry
sum of $1.90. v
Axminsters in the cosiest
kind of desirable patterns; Wil-
tons from the best known
makers in the world.
,'Glad to show them to you.
snivel i^LJ^^fy™ v ->~ ?
215-217'.- Sutter Street, Above Kearny.
TABOE FILES A CONTEST.
Will Attempt to Gain Lardner's Seat
, *'; in the State , Seiiate.
AUBURN, Dec! 8.— Ben P.- Tabor to-day
filed with the County Clerk notice of con- 1
testagalnst :W.' B. Lardner for the office
of joint Senator of, Placer and El Dorado
counties. 5 Tabor was the Democratic and
Lardner the i Republican nominee. Lard-
ner won by one vote*
129 Kearny Street
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
It is perfectly plain that you can buy much more satis-
factorily if you make your purchases two weeks before
Christmas, when the assortments are complete and the
store is less crowded; and at all times it is advisable to
buy in the morning when the stock Is in order and there
is no confusion.
Ladies' golf plaid back walking suits, with double
breasted jackets and flair cut skirts with stitched bottoms,
reduced from $23.50 to
If $1 9.5O a suit
$ 1 4.7 5 a suit
Made of golf plaid back material, with Eton back
jacket and stitched bottom skirts, in the new flair cut,
reduced from $17.75 *°
$ I O.OO a suit
Made of golf plaid back material, with stitched bottom
skirts and box front jackets, reduced from $12.50 to
ainy-Day Suits
$20.00 a suit
* 2 1 . 5 O a suit
All wool fine light weight cheviot, with a fancy front
jacket lined with silk taffeta, reduced from £25.00 to
Cheviot and homespun suits in tan and oxford gray,
good heavy winter weight with blouse or double breasted
jacket and with satin lined reveres, reduced from $20 to
. $ 16.50 a suit
' Broad cloth and cheviot suits with silk taffeta lined
Eton back jacket, reduced from $27.50 to
ll^.^O a suit
All wool camels' hair suits in tan and oxford gray
with satin lined military jacket, perfectly made in this
season's best styfes, reduced from $16.75 to
In order to dispose of our entire stock of ladies* tailor-
made and rainy-day suits, before the new year begins,
we have reduced every suit in the department.
Every lady intending to buy a tailor-made or rainy-
day suit this winter should examine our assortment and
note the prices before purchasing e f aiwhere.
All suits will be fitted and alterations made by experi-
enced people without charge.
All wool serge suits in black and navy, perfectly cut,
well made and lined throughout, reduced from $13.50 to
#IO.OO a suit
Tailor-Made Suits Reduced
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-4O'* Eighth et., Oakland.
OAKLAND BOXES, UNDER VALUE.
BZMMft-AB estate; magnllicent corner man-
•ion; situation unexcelled; recent cost, S27.000;
t:: ofOr considered.
$;2,C00— Cost J20,0»« : v^ndsome Lakeside dis-
trict residence. 15 rooms; large grounds.
tSEOO— Recent cost. {12,000; one central East
Oakland • choicest hemps; 12 rooms; corner.
S46SO— Near ila.rk?t station: beautiful loca-
tion; modern S-room home; p*e this pla'^e.
J2SS0— Finest street on Oakland Heights;
beautiful S-rocm corner; ideal home; recent
cost ;4. «•.
SZiOO— Piedmont Heights; new Colonial eeven
rc^TKB; mortgage J2400: now vacant; builder
xr.ust Bell.
$3500— Adeline itatlon; up-to-date sevrn-room
banw, very complete; 3,*.xl23; beautiful locatlun.
S3C.0— Tolerraj'h and 2Jth: cost M500; fine
modern S-r«K>m home; iuxlfiS; splendid property.
SSOL-j — Ninth ave.; 7 rooirs: specially
built for a home; lot ifxlSO; local trains.
«2C.'0-Lathaai terrace; superbly situated: 2-
*tory r.:i.iJei-n Coior.ial, 7 nwrns; 40x166; make
offer.
trTCO— Near Broadway and 2<th; modern S-
room residence; amw; owner must realize
caeh Immediately.
1250Q— Jl'50 ca^, rental installment: beauti-
ful Oaklar-d lieights r.fiw ;-roora Colonial;
euperb street; I ar.k s«ale.
J22SC— N*>ar Broodaray and J«th: neat E-rooin
ccttac*; sui«Ti> loCSXtonj close in; rents J20.
$2000— The coziest u-rooin borne in the select
part of Piedmont residence district.
J1T£,»— Near Grove an-1 2Sd; 2-story house, 5
room, bath: staMe; 70- foot lot: bargain.
tlOuO — N*"tt 4-r>v>m coiner cottace. nicely
•Ituated; Eaft OakUnd; RM cseh. Slo monthly.
lUiKMBlzth firett, bet Broadway and Oak
eiaUene; neat 4-room (.litage; cheap; must sell.
Lor^— UNDER VALUE.
S50 ft. — Fine corner. UxlOO. Lakeside district.
j;«5(,. Clock cf Szzittit'e DiiUJeion : lot 100x150.
jyjO—Corr.er, OCxli-t*. near Clinton station.
j5^0_Corri'r, tPCxICtiL 03 Uth ave.; fine lot.
laa—lTtiifrt tt . : 5x120; r.orth Market station.
IT4> finrp; StelM; n» ar TfclegTii|jh and 32d.
**'»— Sri-s; near Grove and 32d.
J3i5— Near Tvnjescai power-house; Wxi:.O.
!!£,&— lVp.cn- I ruitvaif comer; all fruit.
LATUAXCE HEAL ESTATE CO.,
HMO Eighth et., Oakland.
JTOO CASH: J30 per month; absolutely besteafy
term oSeriHK :n Oikland; I2JiO; n«w 2-story
Co'.osia! fccnje; 6 rooms; never occupied; por-
celain fcath; mantle; fixtures; SCx!50; walking
cliitinee Broadway; near local trains; refused
»&.» r.»ct LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
A'yiy-id Eicfcti st-. Oail^nd^ »
11383; SNAP; near BrcoCway; sp'endld cottage;
4 rocir.s, beth, two toilets, basement, mantel,
pc-cels-lr. kink; fine order. LAYMANOE
REAL ESTATE CO.. 4C0 Eighth St.. Oakland.
4 ACIIKS near OaJUand; electric car*; all in
fruit; beautiful variety; cottajee 5 rooms;
near stores, ei:hool, churches; finest soil:*
rnce SSM; splendid value. LAYMANCE
HEAL ESTATE CO.. «0 Eighth St.. Oakland.
WIU.L1M J. DIXGEE.
SOS BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
tiSOO — Cottace o* 4 rooms, chicken-houses and
yards, within walkmp distance of four-
teenth et. and Broadway; lot lOOxTOO. on
north 6ide ol street; lot alone worth $31.00.
ZZXXl— Will build a fine modern cottage of 5
rooms ar.a bath and pive a irood-sized lot
on fifteenth su. between Wood and Wil-
low.
$t?K>— Beastlful cottage home of 4 rooms, bath
anfl basKEtnt, on north side of street;
lot S3 reet front; close to Piedmont car
line.
£C:,0— New noiera cottage of B large rooms,
bath and basement; all modern conveni-
ences; lot 31x116; situated on Market Et.
In fine neiehborhood.
ftCOO— Fine new cottage home; will build on.
west tide oT Second ave., between Ea?t
Twelfth and Fourteenth Ets.. on easy
terms; plans at office; lot 27:6x100.
LOTS? LOTS! LOTS! !
JUDO— f^lOO; on north tide of Sixteenth et, near ,
Market; first-class location.
$110C— :C5 feet front on PeraJt* Heights, oae-
half block frcm car line; best buy la
Oaklar.i.
|15 r«r front feet— Fine lot on west eld* of
ilarkt-t «.. near TT.irty-fifth.
JIT 50 rif front foot — Bis bargain; northeast
corner of Market and Thirty-fifth, ets.
fJ-00 — CxlS; on «ast elfle cf Filbert st.. near
fourteenth.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
9C3 Broadway, Oakland.
fl0<» CAFH, J7 W monthly till paid for; cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; larre barn, chicken-
house and run: fruit trees and shrubbery; &
nice, coxy home lr. the light epot, beinjf
healthful: 2 fine lots. 159 deep; picket fence;
«-ity water and p«?wer: near a model »chooU
r. .:?<¦ *r.d electric cars; nice nelK hborhocxl ;
sandy loam soil; view something grand; away
from cold wir.ds and tog: adjoining: East
Oakland; rail t send Jor circular for cheap
lots or ac-reaee; 4^5 Eiw«ith Et., Oakland;
Broadway station; terriuxe free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
6-P.OOM modern cottar*: large lot; outhouses; ;
city water; travel streets; hulf block cars;
Elrnhurst: BU5K. EALSBL'RT, Notary. i'Jt
Ninth st.. Oakland.
4-ItOOM pretty new cottagre; Eimfcurrt: cl^lee
locality: $1100; $C0O cash, balance on inteft-st.
low rate. SALSBL'KY. Notary, C9 Ninth Et..
Oakland.
CHOICE building- lr.ts in pretty Elmhnryt; easy
[iljliiBili: will build to suit; plans furnished.
SALSBUKY. 4C9 Ninth Bt.. Oakland.
n.MAXT let* sajcriflced. J150C; c<»st JSOOO: llix
rr/'; 5rontB Fruitvale aft 800 — Cort S60>>; BOr
ISO; adjoins Fruitvale ave. LAYMaNCE
T-.RAL ESTATE CO.. 460-4C2 ?th tt.. Oakland.
OAKLAND BL>l!>CS TO LET.
FOR rent— 113. water free; 10-room bouse;
grounds l^vJi 1 ); lawn, fruit treee. outhouse*.
Apr'ly ««¦ C7< 26th rt.. East Oakland, or DR.
GALE, 46 O'Farrftll et.. San Francisco.
COOP house*. Get lit from OEO. W. AUS-
TIN * nn •"**. T>-m*wnv. O^k'and.
OAKLAND Fl'RMTl'RB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN, 127, near Waller— I complete
rooms with bath and range; rent $9.
BUSH, ;1C3— Furnished runny front room; light
housekeeping:.
BUSH. 2132 — One large front room furnished or
iiiihiliMn*
CASTHO. *2i. nr. 17th.— Roar. 2 nice eunsy
rooraa; larte chicken yard; stable.
CHESTNUT. 203— Furnisiied rooms for boui*-
keepirp; tine view; tunny corper building.
ELEVENTH. 100— Completely furnUhed con-
necting housekeeping rooms.
FOURTH~r25— Furnished rooms, suitable for
light housekeeping; also single; reasonable.
FULTON. 2CS— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
yard, bath and coal stove.
HOWARD, E"7A— Suite housekeeping rooms, ft,
HTDE. 711— f-unr.y floor of 3 or 4 housekeeping
rooms; gas and bath.
SIARKET. nr. Mascn — Larjre room and klt-
- Chen, folding bed. gas. ;io. Call 342 Kearny «t.
2UNNA. 2«— Nice Funr.y furnished front house-
kepplng roorne, "c and l\ per week.
N/INTH, 123— Sunny euite of rooms with use of
kitcht-n and dininr room.
KOE, 113 — 4 connecting morei?: sun all day;
lower fiat; gas range. Krate. bath; JI5.
O'FAIiRELL, £K— 3 rr 4 nlcoly furnished
roofes; ell conveniences; running water, gas,
btth. phone, etc. —
POST, 972 — Four nowly furnished hourekeeplng
_ root;'.* with bath. Call 1-3, or 7-8 p. m.
TWEl_rTH. 12— Bedroom and Kitchen furnished
. for : :ift,.. -;::t; rer.t iS.
VALENCIA. SO?— Funny alcove suite; large
kitchen; gas range; fcxtb; complete for house-
fce<?r'-Eg; cheap; no children.
VALENCIA. 1232— Nicely furnished alcove
room; light housekeeping ; gas and bath; use
cf lcandry. t ¦¦¦¦, . /--.
J7— FOUK larre sonny rooms, housekeeping;
also 2 roonis, $4. iu rear. 653 Seventh Et. ;
key COS Seventh St.
A BBAKCS office for Call advertisement* and
eubscripUcns baa been established at 1CX
Valencia *t. .
CI-AESIFIED advertisements and *ubserlpMon»
rereivf-. 1 ; p» rail J.rjtr,,.*. o r iW TWO Flllrmre »t.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and I'nfurn.
A BBSPBCTAULB :a<ly living alone In mod-
em, «unny f.at in Wesurn Addition, desires
to have a re*nertab!e lady roomer; one In
business position preferred; a nice quiet home
for the right party; references exchanged.
Bex t£». Call office. .
A-BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to %l per r.lght; Jl 25 to $5 pt r week, and light
hauspke^pinp; open all night.
BAliTLETT. 414— Pleasant eunnyN front" room
Jurnlihed. with use of bath.
BURNETT. 1423 Market <oJd No. 3364)— Fur-
:.:.*:. f.l nns.. Title B. single: also unfurnished.
BU£IL E2» (The E1K>— Nicely furnished eunny
rms; Cay, lie up; wk, a CO up. Mrs. P. Ranlu
j ROO3IS TO LET— Fnra. and tnfnrn.
> CLIFFORD SM Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
i fumlfhed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY 632— Sunny pleasant suite of rooms;
'suitable for one or more (reotlexnen.
| EIGHTH. 126B, upper flat— Three furnished
i rooms in euite or single. ¦
! ELLIS. £25— Corner suite; very desirable: walk-
ing distance; no children.
ELI-IS 725 — Furnished front room; one or two
i gentlemen preferred; German family; <7.
! ELIZABETH. 6, nr. Guerrero— Five furnished
| rooms for housekeepings rent $15.
GEARY, 406 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
I rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1237— Nicely furnished sunny front
J room; ras. bath; private family: reasonable.
i GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
I and Mission *ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
j single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
: , HARRISON. 7MV4. near Fourth— Finely fur-
! nished sunr.y rooms; bath, all conveniences;
! homelike; Jl week up.
HAYES. 781—1 or 2 nicely furnished rooms:
chea;>: suitable for single gentleman: private
i family; use of bath.
HOWARD. 1357— Sunny furnished rooms to let,
with bay- windows; reasonable terms.
LAUKIN'. £1"H— Larr» ' and small newly fur-
nished rooms for eentlemen; sunny.
LARKIX. S1»H — Large sunny room: gas & bath;
. gentlemen pref erred; private; reasonable.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market gt.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.t.; private: bath ; sin, rms. : board optional.
LETVI3 place. 18— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; 6ingle or en euite.
MARKET. 1W9A— Nicely furnished sunny
rc-ems; suites of elnele; very reasonable.
MARKET] 1055. between Sixth and Seventh,
abeve shoe shop — Nice clean rooms; come and
pee them.
MCALLISTER. SC3'4— Large furnished bay-
window room; gas: bath; $9.
MINNA. SCI. corner Eighth — New furnished
bay-window room, {1 per week; transient.
NHVv' ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market sL— Nicely
furnifhed rooms. IS a week up: S5c a day up,
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk., mo.
FIXE. SSO, near Taylor— Sunny furnished rooms
with all modem conveniences for two or three
(rentlemen.
FINE. S?0 — Sunny front room; hot and cold
water; new flat; private family; gentlemen.
POST, CHi near Jones— Nicely furnished front
sunny room: private family.
POST. Col — To rent. gmaJl furnished front room;
neither drink nor smoke In the house; Prot-
estant Christian preferred; }5 per month, ty
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor: rooms, per niBht. 35c to $1 JO: week. $2 to
JS; month. $S to JSO; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25c to S3, week $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN" Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. SO— Sunny front parlor suitable
for 1 or 2 gents in a private family; rent low.
THE STANFORD, 820% Sutter— House changed
hands and renovated; eingle rooms, $8 per
month; mites J12 to $23: all 6unnr.
THIRD. 263 — Single sunny front rooms $4 and
to per month; electric liirhts.
TURK, 12S— Furnished sunny rooms; transient
TURK. 541 — Single furnished front room for
(rentleir.an; private, family.
TURK, SS3— Sunny front room, suitable for
dentlEt or dressmaker.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD DOARD.
PACIFIC ave.. 1716 — LargV sunny room, with
superior table board, for frentleman and wife
or 2 gentlemen; phone; bath; references.
PLEASANT room, hot and cold water; newly
furnished: private; board optional. 956 Pine,
rear Taylor.
EELECT family hotel; new interior; three spe-
cial dinners weekly; rates to establish. S07
California et.
BOARD and rooms et 415 First St.. neer Har-
rison.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
"WANTED — 1 large bedroom with private bath,
or 2 rooms and bath, with or without board;
private family preferred; location between
Van Ness ave. and Octavla and Post and
Jackson sts. Address T. W. B.. Call office.
WANTED — Board; two; private family; 'West-'
ern Addition, south of Grove St.. west of Van,
Ness ave. Address box 627, Call office.
YOUNG lady to 6hare room with -daughter:
board: reasonable; references. A. W.. box
623. Call office.
MOTHER and daughter want room and board
in nice Jewish family. Address box 706. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished bedroom and kitchen.
Address-. FtallnE terms, box 69S. Call office.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing loweet rates; open even. 2US Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
Ehuttit-s; reduced rates. 145 6th; phona Mint 5.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teod. Charles Plamleck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
LADIES— Chicheeter'B English Pennyroyal Pills
are the beet: raff, reliable: take no other;
tend 4c stamps for particulars;- "Relief fsr
Ladies" in letter by return mall; at drug-
gUtg. Chlchester Chemical Co.. PhUadel.. Pa.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since July 1, 1639:
Irene Valdez. age 8 years; Laretto Duran, 7;
Madeline Duran. 6; Ray Croal, 8.
HAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad«;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
I 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. £580.
! DR. AGNES WINZELL has returned and Is lo-
! cated at 32S Ellis et.
LEAKY tin roofs painted and repaired. Rooms
26-37. a* Montgomery, tel. Main 6523.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call,
1C pag*^. in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. "Z2 Mission «t-;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; rhone South 762.
SLOT .MACulXkS.
BOUGHT and sold; new and pccond-hand* large
j display; very cheap. 1167 Market. bet. 7th £ Eth.
TYPEWRITERS -AXD SUPPLIES.
G RE AT^ARGAINs"ljf Vj^kTvrTtERS— We
sell better machines for lees money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Ejtchar.se. C36 California; telephone Main 26o.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery *t.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Divld-nd No. 16 (twenty-
I five cents per Ehare) of the KUauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 227 Market St., on and
after SATURDAY. December 15, 1900. Trans-
fer books closed on Saturday, December 8,
1S00. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Nctice.— Dividend No. 22 (thirty
centa per ehare) of the I'aauhau Sugar Plau-
i tation Co., will be payable at the office of the
company. S27 Market ft., on and after Mon-
! day, December 10. 1900. Transfer books will
clo*e on Tuesday, December 4, 1900, at 3
o'clock p. m^. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend. No. 24, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal rtock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 430
California St.. San Francisco, on December
10, 1MX). Transfer books close December 3.
1900. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
MAHKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlaee license* were issued
yesterday: . ¦'
Waller Farrril. 20. 228 Twelfth street, and
J Florence M. Cobb. 17. IS Lafayette street.
: Leo H. Fulham. 25. 4 Rose place, and Maud
( E. Markley. 17, 4 liose place,
j Robert Ellis, 22, Pctrero. and May McStay,
19. 4. Rose place.
Pascal Noce. 23. ISi Kdith place, and Oene-
vieve Fopplano. 19. lfc Edith place.
John M. B. MacFarland. 31. city, and, Alice
F. Hannon, Z5, Valley Bprlngi.
George w. Cavanagh, 28.. 1794 Folsom street,
and May A. Telfer. 21. 612 Oak street.
Thomas F. Parry. 22. city, and Ida M. Huyck.
2*. San Jose.
Bertie F. McSiurry, 28. Ban Jo**, and Ethel
E. McRowe, 24, city.
Joieph Brasqules, 21, 901 Sacramento street,
and Hortence Poque. 26, 1223 Mason street.
Lorenzo Franoesconl, 30, Grand Island. . and
Ermelinder Michelottl. IS. 41SH ¦ Broadway.
Meyer Elsasser, tt. City of Mexico, and Char-
lotte Cert. 22, 1155 Octavla street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and : be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ABRAHAMSEN— In this city, December 8,
1300, to the wife of Gunlek O. Abrahamsen. a
eon.
COATES— In this city, December 6, 1900, to the
wife of J. H. Coates, a son.
CULLEN— In thla oity, October 81. 1900, to the
wife of John J. Cullen, a daughter.
MINEHAN-In this city. November 25. 1S00. to
the wife cf T. P. Mlnehan, a son.
VALENTINB-In this city, November 11. 1900,
to the wife of John B. Valentino, twin daugh-
ters. . • . .
WILLERS — In this city, December 1, 190% to
the wife of John Wlllers, a daughter.
MARRIED. '
DELAJCEY— QUINLAN— In this city. Decem-
ber 1. 1900. at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the
Rev. Father D. O. Crowley. Charles B. De-
laney and Kate Forrester Qulnlan. daughter
of P. B. Quinlan, adjuster Spring Valley
Water Works, both of San Francisco.
LEVY— SCHUMANN— March 21. 1900, I. K.
Levy and Anita M. Schumann, both, of San
Francisco.
PRINGLE— 6COTT-In this city. November 23,
1900, by the Rev. Dt. W. W. Case. O. S. W.
Prin#le of San Francisco and Agnes Scott of
Loe Oatoe. Cal.
WELCH— ORAN— In this city, at Et. Patrick's
Church, by the Rev. Father O"Hara. Joseph
F. Welch and Annie E. Oran, both of San
Francisco.
WILLMOTT— VON HOFEN— In this city, De-
cember 8. 1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson. Arthur O. Willmott and Sophia Louise
von Hofen. both of San Francisco.
WOEBBER— RICHARD^-In this city. Decem-
ber J. 1600. by the Rev. J. Fuendelim. Henry
H. Woebbar and Maria Richard.
DIED.
Anthony, James 11. Leahy, William H.
Brooks. Ella M. Magoonls. Ellen
Byrne. Mary K. Marks, Thomas
Carrlck. Rose Marsh, C. B.
Cosgrove, Mary Mombach, Otilla
Dowe, Lurline Morehouse. John J.
Eilery. Jessie O'Nell. Marraret
Oambo (infant) Rasmussen. Carolina
GHchrist, Annie M. Revaleon, Georee
Glass, Elizabeth Sllva. John
Johns, Richard Urlck. William
Johnston, Annie Werner, Robert
Kaysser. Oscar Whiting, Ann C.
Kohn. Alice M_ Zeklnd. Georg» H.
Lareen. Frank O.
ANTHONY-In this city. December 7. 1900. at
the parents' residence, E22 Natoma street,
•lames M., dearly beloved son of Florence and
Jimmy Anthony, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 3 months and 9 days.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at x ll o'clock. Interment private,
in Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROOKS— In tbis oity. December T. 1900, Ella
M.. dearly beloved wife ot Walter B. Brooks,
and mother of Bdlth M. Brooks, a native of
Clifton, W. Va., aged 28 years 1 months and
S days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
BYRNE— In this city, December 8, 1900. Mary
E., dearly beloved and only daughter of
Thomas and Bridget Byrne, and beloved sis-
ter of John M. Byrne, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, frobi her late resi-
dence, 1203 Octavla street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a
eolemn»requlem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CARRICK— In this city. December 6. 1900. Rose,
dearly beloved wife of Daniel Carrick. mother
of Rosie A., Thomas F.. Daniel ,F.. NellU I.,
Frank P., Mary T. and Jennie B. Carrick,
and sleter of Ellen Connor, a native of
County Meath. Ireland, aged 68 years. Brook-
lyn, N. Y., papers please copy.)
ICTTriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1505 Sanchez street, thence to St. Paul's
Church for service*. A solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at » o'clock, Tuesday, December
v 11. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COSGROVE— In this city. December 8, 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of Patrick H. Cosgrove.
a native of County Mayo. Ireland, aged 69
years and 28 days.
C7Remains at the parlors of James Mc-
Menomey & Son, 1057 Mission street Notice
of funeral hereafter.
DOWE— In this city, December 7, 1900. Lurline.
beloved daughter of Duane W. and Mazle M.
Dowe, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 9 years
10 months and 15 days.
CFriends ar* respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Chapel. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ELLERY— In this city, December 7, 1300, Jessie,
beloved daughter of Franklin and Ellen E.
Ellery. and sister of Frank. Nathaniel,
George and Hazel Ellery. Mrs. O. G. Gil-
lette and Mrs. Dwight Loofborrow. a native
of Eureka, Cal., aged SI years 7 months and
1 day. (Boston papers please copy.)
CT Remains at the funeral parlori ot
Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary. Funeral and In-
terment at Eureka. Humboldt County, Cal.
GAMBO—In tha City and County Hospital, De-
cember 8, 1900, infant daughter of Helma
Gambo, a native of California, aged 6 days.
GILCHRIST— In Berkeley, December 8, " 1900,
Annie M. GHchrist, beloved mother of J. P.,
R, C. and M. J. Gllchrlst, and sister of Mary
E. Ragan. a native of Providence, R. I., aged
£4 years 5 months and 25 days.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ¦ funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1610 Falrview street, Berkeley
(Lorin etation), thenc* to Et. Columba's
¦ Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated at 10:30 o'clock, for the repose of her
eoul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, San
Mateo County, by 12 o'clock creek boat from
Oakland.
GLASS— In Oakland, December 8, 1900. Eliza-
beth Glass, beloved mother of Mrs. W. B.
Ray, Mrs. R. C. Aiken and Mrs. C. E. Hall,
a native of Canada, aged 59 years 3 irjonths
and 6 days.
JOHNS— In the City and County Hospital. Do-
oernber 8, 1900, Richard Johns, a native of
England, aged 52 years.
JOHNSTON— In this city, December 7, 1900,
Annie, dearly beloved wife of the late James
Johnston, and mother of Jane. Birdie and
Mathew Johnston, a native of Ohio, aged 29
years.
KAYSSER— In Fresno, December 6, 1900, Oscar
Kaysser, a native, of DUlenburg, Germany,
aged 29 years 5 months and 16 days. (German
papers please copy.) .
BTTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the carlora of
Halsted & Co., 948 Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car rrotu
Elirhth and Harrison streets.
KOHN— In this city. December 7, 1900, Alice
Mathilda, beloved wife of Henry L. Kohn,
a native of Mecklenburg, Schwerln, Germany,
aged 47 years S months and 12 days.
(C7Friends aiid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral U»ls day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
MEMBERS of Franklin Circle No. 115. C. O.
F.. are requested to attend the. funeral ser-
vices of our treasurer, Mrs. Alice M. Kohn.
at Martin's undertaking parlors. 118 Oeary
street. VA. ARCHER. Fin. Sec.
LARSEN— In this city, December 8, 1900,- Frank
Oliver, beloved son of Christ and Anna Lar-
Ben. and brother of Clara. Anna, Cart, Walter
and .Alice Larsen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 9 months and 21 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 16 Rlnoon avenue, off Second
street, between Brannan and Townsend. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEAHY— In this city. December 8. 1900, Wil-
liam H. Leahy, beloved son of Mrs. Smith.
and brother of Mrs. O. Rlccoml. Mrs. A.
Johnson. Mrs. Maxwell and John Leahy a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 years.
MAGOONIS— In this city. December 7, 1900
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Zacharlas
Magoonls. and mother of John. James and
George Masoonls and the late Thomas and
Christine Magoonis. a native of County Kil-
kenny. Ireland, aged 66 years 9 months and
22 days.
CyFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 9
o'clock, from her late residence, 23 Wood
street, thence to Holy Cross Church, where a
solemn, requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MARKS— In this city. December 7. 1900, Thomas
Marks. ' beloved father of Ttiomas H. Marks'
and Mrs. William George, and. grandfather of
Mary. Annie and Isabelle Marks, a' native
of Cornwall, England, aged 69 years and 8
months. (Grabs Valley and Eureka papers
please copy.) ' ' -
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 420 Precita avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. .: ,. ;
MARSH— In Teplc, Mexico, December 6, 1900,
C. B. Marsh, beloved son of Henry and Lou-
Ira Marsh, and affectionate husband of Maria
-F. de Mareh, a«ed 45 years. •
MOMBACH— In this- city, December '8, 1900
Otilla. beloved daughter of. Mrs. Mary Mom-
bach, and sister of Annlo. Lizzie, Wary and
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 FIf to St., opposite Lincoln School.
..Telephone South SO.'. : : '
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth it. Tel. South 1(7.
rUMSRAL DIKKCT0S3 ; AND EMBALMEB*.
| Finest Equ I pmsnt at Moderate Rates. :'
The family of the late Catherine Dllges de-
sire to express their heartfelt gratitude to
the many kind friends who so lovingly ten-
dered their help and sympathy during' too
time of their late bereavement.
A CARD OF THANKS
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, at the
residence of Mr. P. N. Aronson, 13IS Oeary
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ICTFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, at the residence. In-
terment private.
ZEKIN'D— In Grass Valley, December 8, 1900.
Geonre H.. beloved son of Solomon and the
late Juliet Zektnd. brother of Mrs. D. A.
Levy, and grandson of George Aronson of
Alameda. Cal.,- a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years 4 months and 14 days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Independent
Order of Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush street,
where services will -be held under the aus-
pices of Pacific Stamm No. 66. U. O. R. M.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cametery. Remains at
the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mls-
Blon street.
WHITING— In this city, December 7, 1900, Ann
C. wife of James W. Whltingr, and mother
of Carrie M. Whttlngr. Mrs. J. K. Firth of
San Francisco and Mrs. E. J. Doerine of
Chicago.
IHTTtemalns at the parlors of H. K. Suhr &
Cc, H37 Mission street, until 2:30 o'clock,
this day (Sunday). Interment at St. Helena.
Cal.
REVALEON— In this city. December S. 1900.
Oecrffe. dearly beloved twin son of Kdward
and Annie Revaleon. and brother of Edward
F. an«i Robert Revaleon, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 months and 22 days.
SILVA-In this city. December 7. 1900, John
SUva. beloved father of Joseph and Maggie
Silva. and uncl« of Joseph and J. C. Al-
varez, a native of Portugal, aced CO years.
CTFrlends and Rcquainta.nces are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to Nuestra Senbra- de Guadalupe's Church,
corner Broadway and Mason street, where a
requiem mass win be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
URICK— In Stockton. December 8, 1900. Wil-
liam Uriek, beloved husband of Catherine
Urlck, and father of Fred. Minnie, Frank and
Nettle Cope, a native of Harrlsburgr, Pa.,
aged 72 years and 6 months.
WERNER— In this olty. December 6. 1900, Rob-
ert Werner, . dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
Wanda Mayer, Mrs. Hulda Seitz and Oswald
Krenz, a native of Germany, aged 69 years 1
• month and 2i> days A member of Yerba
Buena Laaeer No. S and Pacific Stamm No.
66, U.*O. K. M. ¦»
Henry Mombach and Mra. Christine Topp. a
native of New Haven, Conn. -
,,.\f Friends and acquaintances are respect-
rally invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 311 Clipper street, between Noe
and C&stro. ¦ thence to St. Paul's Church.-
Twenty-ninth and Church, streets, where ser-
vices will be held at 9 o'clock. Interment
t Holy Cross Cemetery. : . ¦ .
MOREHOUSB-In this city. December 6, 1900,
John J., beloved husband of Melvlna More-
house, father of John, Mabel. Guy, Melvlna
and Clifford Morehouse. and brother of C. C.
Morehouse, a native ot Bear River, Nova
facotla, aged 37 years 3 months «and 6 days.
(Boston, Mass., and Wej-mouth, Nova Scotia,
papers please copy.)
, in^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
eonio Temple, Mission street, between Twen-
ty-second and Twenty-third streets, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169. P. and A.
i .. * ntCTnl <iit Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
electric car.
CyNEIL-In. this city. December 8. 1900, Mar-
raret, beloved wife of William H. O'N'etl.
sister of .Patrick and Mary Kelly, and aunt
£* Jani f. s T - Donahue and the late Thomas
Kelly, a native of County Cavan, Ire-
land, feed 65 years.
RASMUSSEN-ln this city. December 7, 1900.
Caroline b., beloved wife of Joseph Rasmus-
sen, mother of Mrs. Lillian Hurlbut. Mrs.
Pearl Stewart. James EL. Preston and Guy
Ulson and Joseph F., Howard and EM ward
Rasmussen, and sister of Mrs. R. P. Hurl-
but, a native of Ohio, aped 56 years 3 months
and 23 days. (Ohio and St. Helena, papers
please coi>y.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, I>ec. ?.— There was merely a local
market for wheat. Steady cables maintained
prices for a Jew minutes at the beginning of
the session, but thereafter the liberality of the
day's receipts added to recently Increased
stocks and the almost total lack of outside
business caused weakness, which was still ap
parent when the closing bell sounded. Janu
ary opened MGMc lower at 71Hc to 71c. and
•old to Wttc closing K3%e under yesterdar at
70*©70Hc.
Clear weather and larger country acceptances
WHEAT— The semi-annual estimate of- the
Produce Exchange, showing a stock In the
State, December 1, of • 12.401,980 ctls. or 620,000
tons, has Just - been Issued. The quantity is
rather > less than had teen expected, as esti
mates have ranged from 600,000 to 700.000 tons.
The stock December 1, ISM, wu 15,933,280 cUs,
or 799.914 tons, showing 80,000 tons less this
The market* yesterday continued featurelss
all over the world. In this market futures were
several fraction* lower. .
8pot Wheat-Shipping, STHc; Milling, 1 0*H
1 05 per ctL
CALL. BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls.
J104U. ' - ¦ : - - ¦
Second Session— May— €000 ctls, $1 04U-
Regular Morning Session— May— 4CO0 ctls.
$1 04*;. December— 6000, S7>4c,
BARLEY— The stock In the State December 1.
as announced by the. Produce Exchange, was
3.833.S49 ctls, which is more than had been
figured on. The stock December 1. 1SJ9, .was
4.778.K0 ctls. *
1 The market continues firm et unchanged quo
tations. . . - • - - - ¦
Feed, 77Hc for choice bright, 75c for No, 1
Wheat and Other Grains.-
Sterling Exchange. 80 day» _ 4 J314
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 g«H
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — I'4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 5
Fine Silver, per ounce — ¦ 64V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% Q bl
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet, but about steady unchanged
prices on the basis of 4#5e for State common,
4*ig6^io for prime. 51466c for choice and fancy.
California dried fruits" -were inactive. Prune*
were quoted from Z\± to SV»c ¦
APRICOTS— Royal, llffHc: Moorpark, 15616c
PEACHES-Peeled, 16ff20c; un pee led. 689c. '
DRIED FRUITS.
! XEW TORK. Dec. 8.— FLOtrn— Receipts, 27,
051; exports. 31,620; sales, 6100 packages. Mar
ket was weak and again somewhat lower to
eell, responding to th« decline in wheat. Win
ter patents. $3 6*33 30; winter straights, $3 48
02 55; winter extras, 12 60<g2 90; winter low
grades, $2 4532 CO; Minnesota patents, {3 &042
4 15: do bakers'. $3^3 25.
* WHEAT— Receipts, 136,600 bushels: exports.
C5.SS3 bushels; sales. 1.750,000 bushels futurefc
14,000 spot. Spot, weak; No, 2 red. 7Sc f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red. 76%c elevator; No. 1, Xorth-
I em Duluth, E2Hc f. o. b. afloat: Xo. l hard
j Duluth, $75140 f. o. b. afloat. Options 'after
; opening steady on cables, drifted to a lower
: basis through vigorous operations by the bear
element, stimulated by Intimations of depress
ing weekly statistics on Monday, dullness in
export circles and the big primary movement,
closed weak, HiRie net decline. Sales Included:
j Xo. 2 red. January. 77H4?7Sc, closed 77V4c-
March. 7S%©7S»4c. closed 7SHc: May," 7S37JC.
closed 78T4c; December closed, 76HC.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1900
crop. lSg'le: 1S9S crop, 11915c; old olds. 2S6c;
: Pacific Ccast, 1900 crop, 154?19c; 1S33 crop, 103
j 14c: old olds, 2g6c
HIDES-Firm; California, 13c.
I WOOL»-Quiet: Domestic fleece. 24ff26c.
COFFEE— Options closed steady with prices
net unchanged to 5 points higher. Total sales,
S750 l-atrs. including: February, $6 06; March.
5»'> 15; May. ti 25436 30; July, $6 35; j September,
$S 40 r October, $6 45. Spot— Rio, quiet; No. 7
Invoice. 7Hc: mild, quiet, but firm.
SUGAR— Fair refining. 3 15-16c; Centrifugal,
.86 test. 4 7-lSc: molasses sugar, 3 ll-16c: refined
quiet; standard A, 5.40c; confectioners' A,
C.40c; mold A. 5.S5c: cutloaf, 8.00c; cashed,
6.00c; powdered, 6.70c; granulated. 5.80c;" cubes
5.75c.
BUTTE31— Receipt*. 3463 packages; "**mer;
creamery. 1S0I6C; June creamery. U&2ZHC
lactory. ir®l54o.
EGGS— Receipts. 6150 packages. Strong;
"Western, regular packing at mark, 22323c;
"Western, loss off, Wo.
New. York Grain arid Produce. I
NEW TCP.K. Dec 8.— There vu rery little
tct'.re trading In »toclcs to-day and th« char
tc^er cr tie market reraalned about tee eame
fe* for s»T<erii Cays past. Tennessee Coal and
t-rr.^ of the otter Industrial* which have been
acutely C»pr«5Eed Caring the week continnel
te\ «r:*h *z£. unsettled. Tennessee Coal fell aa
extreme JH e.nd recovered 1 points In sym
rathy with the late peneral •trength of the
steel group. Federal Steel led th* rally and
•»-a* helped by ta!k cf Clvtdend distribution
end cf the eijurtrcent by agreement of the
Cezku-I po:sts bciwcen the great steel com
tirwricaa. Tte movemer.t of prices In the gen
eral list was sluggish throughout. The weak
fc&ak »tale=;ect bad beta eo accurately fore
casted that It had lltt'.e Influence on the trad- ;
inj. If anything prices were a little better
after the HitfiliWJt on taking of bear profit*
trad !a cj-rr.rathy wtth tbe sharp rally la th«
eteel stocks, Lut there Is no change In the
opinion that the cutt'.r.g In two cf the small
rurplus rescrree at this period Is a serious
X haxe of the outlook frczn a speculative stand
point. Tee continued Interior demand for
tr.cney Is regarded &s a striking evidence of.
fcurinefs activity and prosperity. However. It
¦will inwrfere Jurt as effectively with the pur
p.omm of persons who are holding stocks on
margin with borrowed money. The reported
t"TT>o*e cf the Treasury Department to antici
pate the payment cf c\n $5.0O0.C«) of January
Oovernmcnt Interest did not relieve eentlment
to tcr extent, aa experience shows that this
rr-arcer cf relief Is cumbersome and slow in
mak!".* fands availaMe to the open money
rnarkfct. Even In the uringent meney market
€,' last fail holders of Government bonds were
elew to collect the Interest offered by the Gov
ernment In advance of coroin* due. The com
3 ik yturly eettlernents for which preparation
r"s t'rpa'cr commerced Involve the fiisburee
rent of a larger tea cf money than ever be-
Jore la the fclBtory of the country. The irregu
larity at tbe ttcck market daring the past week
is eiir-ir''-ar.t of the unsetUement of speculative
•-nt'«nent and the present satiety of the vo
racious speculative demand, which took In all
Jiisrt ci Securities without AlecrlainaUon for
I tta* after election- The decreased volume
cf deaJSr.PT. Is a reflection cf thl. condition of
eaain The sharp reaction In prices here and
thert rej-rewnta the u;ilDaai=f cf tpecnlatJvt
i'^l anxious to take profit* and alert to the
interest in speculation. This process ;
iiL» eerved to reveaJ the collap** of the earty
buiraat^ty^* "Plrit- Tbe Sugar episode wu
L £me plrt f.a P «imiTatL-i« cause of tW.
tendency of ttockjs. end Ln seine eort merelr
an aiStrstlMi of it. The abortive -peculation
l-i Eutar had It* own motive in tbe unwar
rl-.fed expectation of a. dividend locreaae. but
otter stocks !n the taarket offer an analogy.
Tbe tndustriais u a group ere thawing the
cflects cf the pending problem cf the efficacy
cf the new Industrial combination es a Onan
clal devlc*. The -treener." aev "'-^ st T}^
are more Beneitire than ihixe wiui « older
r.!r.ory. but the mnw cau»ei affect both- The
et«*l group offers the best example of the
cu*«tiona et Issue. The principal of the«s
<iu«it!otis Is »hether tfce capitalization Is »o
h.igh thax only *uch prlcea for tbe product as
ir.vite cenrpetirJon wUl bring In tbe requis te
rrof.u to sitintala filvidends. Th« actnal dl»
'.ureemert of dividends oa these etocki and
t>j* cour»« of eventa in tbe trade Curing tn«
r-ast year here otrrtously failed to entirely
»olve doubt* en tcl« subject Jn the m!ad» of
the epcrelatlre tad lsvttteent puWle, a« U
Nezv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bank Clearings.
Local VrV dearir-F* fcr the past week
tncurted tc tr.C4£,CH5 :9, train*: U1.S43.CS: Co
C-r.zt the stj;.e ueek ia&t year.
Foreign Exports.
Fcrelgn exports torn this port Curing the
first elsi-ea tncnxhs of the year amount to
tZ~.ZU,9QQ, tfi:r.;-. SS1.C21.&J0 during the same
ttnia lajt >ear, the leading destinations tad
trceust* bdr.f is follovrs: To Great Br'.ta'.a.
J^.J44.0iC: AUant'e porte. J2.7J7.100; Chtna. $4,
:•:.":.>.; Japas. tZ.*Z.S.iO0: Australia, $1,727,714:
Mexioo. ll.4e7.7SJ: Central America, $l,4I?.tS0;
Hawaiian Islands <eix cxrctre). $5,765, TjQ;
Booth America. $S73.r;.
Coinage of the Mints.
Tfce co'SRg* of Hie United States mint* tor
the currer-t calendar y«ar Is ts folloira:
r>oub!« eagles .„ $SJ.01P.S40 00
£*r;e» ... — S.74S.1S0 00
Ilair-e&gles „ 7.SCS.385 00
Qusner-eas!e* «7.M3 «
F-.sr.dard dcUan — . 3.C"C:.€12 00
Kfcif-dsllare _ 4.647.467 00
Qviirter-<i3::iT» ..^_ 3.610,7S9 OO
JJlraiS ._.. J.1S3.S5S 23
Nickels .....~ _... 1.197.TSJ 75
Ce^a ....^..? WJ,04i 64
Total $n9.840.S2» »4
la 1£S9 13.E31.307 69
Weather Report.
C-?tli Meril'an— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec S-S p. rn.
The frlloTrtrs are th« Beasonal rainfalls to
£ate, as coTr.rared with those of the same
6me last s«**on. «lt.1 rainfalls In th* last
t»^rrr-four bcura:
San Fruscisce &&:a: Slarirauia temperature,
'.'.; xntsisiun. 44; rnear;, 45.
r.EATHEP. CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tt» rresrure fc** fallen elowly Curing the
pact twenty- Joer fcc'jrs over the Pacific elor*-
An area of high pressure on the western elope
of the Ilocky Mountains vrV.l probat:y cross the
mountain* rs-plily. thus making eonditlor.a
tivcrsile fcr the quick approach cf acy dle
turbanca ti^at riay exist over the ocean. No
ra:n b*» fallsa during the past tweaty-Iour
Lc-rs west of the Rocky Mountains.
The temperatures continue abnormally low In
Qm Sacramento end San JcaQUin VaJleya, and
t-tr.crtnsUly high la Southern Cs!l£orn!a-
I>ense il>g i» reported at rcary inland sta^
tlr.s. a'.thoi-rh It 1* clear along the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco fcr thirty
hc-:n ending jr.idnlght December *:
Northern California— Cloudy Eunday: prob
at:» elwwers in central asd northern portion*;
v anncr In the interior; freeh southeast winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday; threat
er.lr^: at eight In southern portion; light north
erly w.sfie.
Neraia— CSociy Sunday.
V tab— Cloudy Sunday : light «now la the
r*-.".-,*a!r:%; continued cold weather.
Artzena^-CloTiCy fcuniay.
f an Fraacisoo and vicinity^- Clcrsfiy, threaten
ing F"-/i«y; probably rain by night; not eo
c -t; irtth «a«thea« wind.
AXEXAXDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. liar.
Opening 5 114 .... «U
Closing 5 liu .... iVi
PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
I Opening 20 40 2170
I Closing 20 4) 2165
I Flour-
Opening 26 30 27 60
Closing 2« 30 27 70
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. S.— CATTLE— Receipts. 200.
Nominally steady: good to prime native steers.
J5 4Cgo 60; poor to medium, $4 10^5 35; selected
feeders. J3 75£4 JO; mixed stoeker*. $2 2233 75:
cows, $2 60S! 15; heifers. $2 es®! €0; canners.
*2®2 CO; bulls. |2 25*34 50; calves. S3 50Q5 25;
Texas fed steers, HJH S5; Texas grass steers,
$3 £0^4 10; Texas bulls, |* J0@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 64,000; Monday, 40.000;
left over, 2500. Generally 6c lower. Top. H 92Vb:
mixed and butchers', {4 6034 92^; good to
choice heavy, $4 *5<g4 93; rough heavy, $4 54^
4 60; light, J4 65$4 W; bulk of sales, 34 50$
4 S7>4.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2T«. Sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers. $-4g4 40; fair
to choice mixed. $2 75® 4 25; sheep. $4154 40:
Texas sheep, 12 60S3 65; native and Western
lambs. S4 75^3 50.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.— The we*k finishes with
the metal market quiet and without positive
feature. The undertone may be called rather
weak in the general way. following like condi
tions abroad. As usual for a Saturday market
there was practically no business. We quote:
Tin, dull at $27 25; lake copper, dull at J17 for
Lake Superior and $16 62i± tor casting; spelter,
quiet and rather. easy, U 22:ifg4 27V4; Iron, slow,
but about steady, foundry Northern, }15@1S 50.
Southern 114 I0@15 73, and soft Southern fUQ
15 75; lead was quiet at $4 37V4.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Dec. 8.— The cotton market
closed easy with prices net unchanged to 4
points higher.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec S.— Consols, 97>4: silver.
23 13-164: French rentes. lOlf &5c; cargoes, on
passage, quiet and steady; English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 8.— Wheat, firm; No. I
standard California. «s 2d®6s Jd; wheat. In
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
milder.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 17-22d. i
CLOSING. (
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, steady, £2
lt.<t C3 oS.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red. Western
winter. Es ll*id: No. 1. Northern spring. €s
•2\a: No. 1 California, 6s 2HJ- Futures, Bteady;
December, fe ll"4d; March, 6s Hd.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 4s
SHd. Futures, quiet; December, 4s 2d; January,
3s lOHd: March. 3s lOVid.
FLOUR — St. Louis fancy winter, steady, 8s
6d. "
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 8.— Clearings, $277,916;
balances fO.SSl. " : , ¦'
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
¦ PORTLAND, Dec. S.— WHEAT— Steady at
54ff54%c for Walla Walla.
Cleared — British steamer Adato tcr Hongkong,
with 50,425 barrels flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 8.— WHEAT— Dull and un
charged; blue stem, 67c; club, 54c.
NEW TORK. Dec 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here opened much quieter to
day than they have been recently. Americans
began rather weak, but the tone hardened dur
ing the morning. The only notable featurea
were ESrla securities, the first preferred and
the bonds.
Discounts were steady.
Atchison. 333,; Canadian Pacific. WH.v Union
Pacific preferred. 63% : Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 84H: Grand Trunk. 6H: Anaconda. Vi
Bar silver, steady. 23 13-16d.
Money, 2Q24 per cent.
London Market.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund
exclusive of the tl50.000.CO0 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows:( Available ea«h
balance, 1157.765,549; gold. 597.234.163.
Condition of the Treasury.
XEW TORK. Dec 8.— The import* of specie
this week were 111,248 gold and J9S.S58 sliver.
Th« exports of gold and silver aggregate
Jl.236,117 silver bars end coin and J27.7&0 In
gold.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
were valued at $7,654,002.
Exports and Imports.
N'E^V TORK, D»«. g.— The weekly autement
of avert res of the associated banki shows:
• Amount. Increase. Decrease.
J^ans $«<H.4i2.cO0 Jl.944.400
S«l,0J4.70i} I3.356.2C0
Circulation 80,607,900 (2 lOQ
Legal tenders 5S,157,9vO l.Sli'.&OO
Specie 162,80t,4M 4.090.600
Total reserve 220.SSI.300 6.0O6.1C0
Reeen-e required. 215,261.175 841,550
Surplus reserve... 6.70L125 5.164,550
The Financier says: The upward trend In
the cash reserves of the clearing-house banks
received a eudden check last week through re
newed demands made by the South and West
for funds and steady absorptions by the treas
ury. Both these factors were in evidence early
in the week and estimates of actual losses sus
tained by the banks ran as high as r7.000.000.
Th» statement shows a falling off in caeh of
something over JS.OOO.OOO. and as reserve re
quirements against deposits were not materially
leetened the surplus wo« cut In two, standing
at *5,701.125, as againet J10.S65.675 for the pre
vious week. The loaa Item shows an Increase
of JLW4.4O9, which is moderate, after the
eleven million dollar expansion noted a week
ago. Deposits have decreased only $3,366,200.
! As a matter cf fact the lossts In cash are
I shown to have been sustained by one large
Institution, the changes in whose deposits
also account for the total shrinkage In that
Item. It follows that so far as the standing
of the remaining banks is concerned they are
at least as strong In jeterves as they were a
week ago. The continued drain on New York
has had the effect of hardening money rates
and aa the January dividend season is not far
distant the general opinion Is that firm rates
are to be expected over th« end of the year.
I The shipments of heavy sums westward at
! this cea&cn are abnormal, but the movement is
i due to continued heavy business. It is signifi
cant, however, that lu anticipation of higher
rates hero interior banks with large reserves
are sending money to this center to be loaned
and before the first of th« year It is anticipated
that large emounta will be placed. The treas
ury will absorb more money than It pays out
for some time if curnsut calculations are cor
rect, and ac Alaakan gold shipments have faJ
len off the extra supply if needed hero will
have to be attracted by means of lntere«t
rates. There Is nothing to Indicate that th«
loan total will be contracted. The circulation
Item la decreasing slowly, the loss for the
current week having been $62,109.
shown by the prices of the. securities. The
favorites la the trade during- the coining year
are awaited to form a basis tor more definite
conclusions. Th« profits of- manufacture at
last year's level of prices. It is proved, were
so great aa to invite the bringing Into activity
of a large aggregate of productive forces,
which resulted In an overproduction and neces
sitated heavy concessions to work c2 the sur
plus. The lower price level has driven smaller
productive forces Into retirement agUn. The
future value of the securities of the great
combinations depends on whether they can keep
prtcee at a low enough level to deter the
Bmailer eriterprlees fr°2» competitive produc
tion and still earn dividends on their large
capital. Money rates have been higher during
the week, but the money m&rket outlook has
j net prevented the continuance of strong points
in the market, especially la the lower priced
railroad FtockE.
The business in bonds on several days dur
ing the week has risen above the level of the
dealings In the active ctock market after elec
tion, but has at no time reached the high level
cf the January. 1SW. period. The buying wu
more or less speculative and waa especially
i directed to contingent Interest bonds and junior
im ucs. Gilt-edge and high-grade, bonds are
! quiet.
United States refunding 2s declined H per
cent; old 4s. U: new it. H. and the Ss and
Ss H per cent under the call price a week ago.
Standard Oil. TSS&aS.
NEW TORK STOCK LJST.
Shares Closing
eo'.a. Stocks— Bid.
1.000 Atchison 8JH
».1W Atcbleon prefd 82H
J.600 Baltimore & Ohio 7&H !
Canadian Pacific 85^
600 Canada Southern 5S\i
J.1W Chesapeake £ Ohio S6"»
400 Chicago Great Western I*"?,
4,200 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 1S4"^
100 Chicago Ind tt Louisville 234
Chicago Ir.d Sc Louisville prefd W±
lM Chicago & Eastern Illinois S6i*
....... Chicago & Northwestern 16S
4.000 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 113H
600 CCC4R Louis WJ,
1C3 Colorado Southern 7
Colorado Southern 1st pr«fd «%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
Delaware & Hudson 115
Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 1S2 !
1,500 Denver & Rio Grande 25 j
1.700 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 7?H
6,W0 Eri» 16'4 I
U.000 Erie 1st prefd 46'
SC"} Great Northern prefd 1774
Hocking Coal 15
Hocking Valley sgtj j
Illinois Central 123 j
100 Iowa Central 1»4
100 Iowa OctraJ prefd..... 44H I
Lake Erie & Western 35Vi |
1C0 Lake Erie it Western prefd 106
Lake Shore 211
E.100 Louisville * I*a*hvlll» KH
4.100 Manhattan L 107"i
8,700 Metropolitan Street Railway 161H
ICO Mexican Central 12\
100 Mian 4 St Louis U^%
100 Minn & Et LouIb prefd 99H
5,C« Missouri Pacific E8«4
Mobile & Ohio 4014
Missouri Kansas & Texas m'i
KG Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd V l ,% i
New Jersey Central 144Vi •
2,700 New Tork Central 141*, i
1,900 Norfolk & Western 4U» !
Norfolk & Western prefd 8
I.SOO Northern Pacific 69H I
1,100 Northern Pacific prefd ;. Sl*i |
200 Ontario & Western '. 25
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd r«
1.600. Pennsylvania UV%
«00 Reading »'
6,709 Reading 1st prefd es«£
•'. Reading 2d prefd n>i
Rio Grande Western W
Rio Grande Western prefd 9J4
1,000 Et Louis A. Fan Fran lgij
Rt Louis & Ean Fran 1st prefd 75»t
1.KM Bt Louis & Ean Fran 2d prefd 49
I0O 8t Louis Southwestern I4t;
J.STO St Louis Southwestern prefd S7
7.000 St Paul 125% !
St Paul prefd 1774 i
.< Et Paul & Omaha.. -. , 120 |
10.300 Southern Pacific 40% 1
8.400 Southern Railway 17*4 i
4.W<) Southern Railway rrefd C6»« i
2.100 Texas & Pacific jo' i
10,100 Union Pacific 70*4 I
2.1M Union Padac prefd 80*1 i
SCO Wabash ju
100 Wabash prefd M?»
600 Wheeling &. Lake Erie 10H
Wheeling & Lake Erie Sd prefd 24',
Wisoonein Central n
100 Third Avenue 114%
*00 Baltimore- &. Ohio prefd £«*,
1.000 National Tube 60H
.'..¦¦.. National Tube prefd 103
Express Companies—
....... Adams 14a
....._ American 1150
United States 50
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous—
430 American Cotton Oil S0&
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
American Malting 4^ |
190 American Melting prefd J5'4 i
8,600 American Smelting & Hefag 63^4
700 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. S5
American Spirits t
American Spirits prefd 17
1.0C0 American Steel Hoop 27« !
American Steel Hoop prefd 76 j
€.600 American Steel & Wire 42*; !
2.<V*> American Steel & Wire prefd 8i»i 1
3.S00 American Tin Plate 44"£ i
American Tin Plate prefd 87'
MM American Tobacco 105*4 !
American Tobacco prefd 135 j
500 Aaaconda Mining Co 47 '
B,l» Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70*£ <
4.€O0 Colorado Fuel & Iron S1H ;
5.700 Continental Tcbacco j">»; !
».0f« Continental Tobacco prefd £j'i !
Z>,200 Federal Steel „ ~= l\ I '
1,800 Federal Steel prefd -6H
1.KO General Electric i«9»J
Glucose Sugar {•«
Glucose Sugar prefd i«>' !
100 International Paper 1214
100 International Taper prefd 73'
j Laclede Gas ea
I2W> Xational Biwrult S6\L
100 National Biscuit prefd so
National Lead i$a;
National Lead prefd 9*»*
1.000 National Steel 23
10O National St«>el prefd «jj
200 New York Air Brake 154
North American igu
400 Pacific Coast >..... 57
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S5
....... Pacific Coast Id prefd 65
600 Pacific Mail 43
€.200 People's Gas W\
1,700 Pressed Steel Car 4S*4
Pressed Steel Car prefd 82%
2XO Pullman Palace Car 200
100 Standard Rope & Twice S
IOjSOO Sugar 123>i
., Burar prefd .....' H4»4
13.600 Tennessee Cbal & Iron hl%
1.SO0 United States Leather _ 12U
400 United States Leather prefd ;. 74t»
E.000 United Stax«s Rubber 25H
tOO United States Rubber preffl 78'
J.500 Republic Iron & Steel Co 82
COO Western Unicn I5\i
OO Western Union prefd S414
P C C * St Louis 67
S.400 Amalgamated Copper _ 91
£01.400 ebaret told.
CLOSncp BONDS.
C S 2i refunding IN T Cent lsts 119
rer 10IWX J Cent tra £s..i:;S
do coup 1C5 No Pac 3s 7O'.i
do 2s rer UHtt do 4s 105
do coup 1094 N T C & St L 4s. .1074
do new 4s reg nrVNorf & W c*n 4s.. SS4
do coup IX7T»iOr ICav lsts Ill
do old 4a reg !14v,; do 4a 1C2H
do coup lli^Or B Line 6s 1294
do 5s rer ...... .A12\\ do con Si 1174
do coup ...112V! Reading gen 4s .. ?1>;
Dls of Col *-65« 124H ROW lst« 100>,
Atchison r*TL 4a ...10IH BtLftlU con es.USVi
do aaj U KVt Et L & S F gen 6s. U?
forced out liberal amounts cf long corn. De
cember closed lHc lower at 36*»c. May was
also heavy, closing *i*i I -ic down at 26'ie.
Prices were remarkably steady in oats. Hay
clcr^d 'ic lower at K^c.
Provisions opened lower on liberal hog re
ceipts and in symr>athy with v.heat and corn,
but held steady on local buying. January perk
closed 5c under yesterday, lard 2Hc lower and
ribs a shade down. • t
The leading futures ranged as follows: |
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet;
winter patents. $3 6o®3 &0: straits. $3 10^3 60;
clears *2Wg3 30: spring specials, HU; straits.
J3©3 40: bakers', $2 20g2 75; No. S spring wheat,
64HS71SC; No. 2 red. 71M>©74Uc; No. 2 corn, 1
88\c; No. 2 yellow, 37c; No. 2 cats, 22H322HC;
No. 2 white, 25* t e26 1 .ic; No. 3 white. 24>4»26c:
fair to choice malting barley. 50357c: No. 1 flax
seed II CO; No. 1 NorthweEtern. $1 62; prime
timothy seed, M 40: mess pork, per bbl. $11 J7Vj
f 11 W; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 10&7 15; short-rib
sides <loose). $8 25^6 75; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 5 7 iS£Vic; short clear sides (boxed),
JG 70g6 80; clover, contract grade, J10Q10 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17,000 12,000
Wheat, bushels 113.0X1 12S,0<"i0
Corn, bush«ls 206.000 42.00(1
Oats, bushels 222,000 247.CO0 "
Rye, bushels 6,000 7.00C'
Barley, bushels 5S.00Q 64.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries. 15g24c; dairies,
13tr20c. Cheese, steady. 10i;@llV4c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. I6c. ...
past week amounted to liM' 1 ) shares, valued
at ST"\-iJs. The kix«est sales were o-t.?i<} sharea
of Petroleum Center. »*.7» Ca!»fnrnia-Siandaxvi.
I«.:r.> Reed Crude Oil Co. and l-.Kv CAribou.
STOCS AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. D*c. 8— U m.
UNITED fcTATES UOXVS.
Ri'l.As*. ; Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.-llo^HSV* '4s do cp (new>.137*il3S\i
4s uo reg 114\115>4;3s do coup 1-j'»;;""j
MXtCKULJkXSOCsi Bo.Njjs.
Eay Co P Co.IM'4 — Oak V.a:?r ;s..limj —
Laj-st Cab «.11» — CVeunic SS Js.llOijtU
C C Water Cs.lOJ — uq v, ny
hi L 4c f 63... Ul — Pac G iiuo 4a.lol —
¥ tc. Cl Ky «s. — — P * Cl Ry •:_- . . la* —
U-.-arj-s* It is- — — P & •• K K #-«.ll."«Li —
H V & S 54».. — — Po^-en-!t R 6a.ll3*« —
Do 03 l-*I'i— S«. il liA-K 5» . — —
L. A Ky iM....ii.- 3 - i F fc SJV 5s.ll3iil20\i
LaU Co »».. — 1?3 .- K «,. i«i '>».. - ii*
L*> ntd «s.. — — S P of A Ss..-113 —
L A sr.:d »s... — 102 s. f U ua . . • v
L A P R R is. US',, — (Serits A>....lW'i —
ilarker-st Ss.-ir^ — U"S ri.i, i;)!-\ _
Do 1st M S3.12Hi — . To (13 .i) 112», —
KVSO »t ".a- - W ! i.s» .»j.;> ,ti —
N K or Cal 6s.U4'-i — SPRIstc S».1Q7H —
Oo is ii> -- 1 x p n ->« v«\4 —
N P C R R i».10I — S V Water Ss.lUUlU'-i
Lo 5s VI lCSVi Do is IMS —
N Cal Ry is.-llO'^ — Do 2j mtge. 1014102
Oak >' t. i »».>>»t - Stktr: via* M..1.11 luj
Oak Tran Ss.,113 120
WATER FTOTKS
Contra Costa.. 70 — f prins Valley. K*i W%
Mann County. MJS —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STCCX3.
OM L * P <~y> — «Vi.P»c L Cn — 4t
E-iuit G L. Co. 3H 3 1 - ?ar E O&R Co — X
Mutual El Co. - «)SFC4 t... ««i «S%
O G L & H «* SC-'t^'an Francisco 4tj 4*4
Pac Gas Inip. . 47\i — jsiktn w<jci^ _o — 1»
IN5UUANCE STOCKS.
Flrems Fuad.2:7>-i - |
HAKK STOCK?
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 74 77 F:r«t National. 239 3C5
t5ii^.» ui v.*....-«."3 — )^-n *• <* ,v. .1~«H — ¦
Cal S D 4 T. — 1CS> j ; Merchants" Ex 15V —
SAVINGS
C»r S t L.... — 13-0 I&SV & L So... — —
Hum S & L... — — •• »«o S*v b< ..MO —
Mui ?av Ek... 5ft — : Union X Co — —
S F Sav rn...:20 — .
STP.FFT R»TLR^»T-« c-rrw-K3
California ....129 81 O S L k H.... M 4«4
Genry-st 45 — Presidio 17 IX
Market-st 70H — I
fO\\ I>EK -to.^ks.
r-,ti'^ r »!» . .. - i<a Vlgorit IH 3 1 ,
Glar.t Ccn Co. Sl ? i SS
SUuaH "(TKS.
liana S P Co. TVi 7» ; Kilauea S Co. — —
Haw C & 3 Co «W> — Vakavtli 3 Co 41% —
Honokaa 3 Co. Si's ~ enurnca s «;o. S<S 23 : i
Hatch 3 P Co. 25H 26 Paauhau S Co. $3*4 —
MI.-' rT • >N'EOLS STLMJKd.
Al Pack Assn.l24*i — Pac A F A... 2\ —
Cal Fruit Asn.lOJ — Fac C Bor Co. — —
.«.-r r x •'-¦>.. ¦•. I'M rur irauil Co.. 13% —
Oceanic S Co.. I'M —
Morning Seysion.
Board —
£0 Hutchinson S P Co 23 73
40 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co Z 1 ) S7VJ
CO Makawo-Il Rusar Co « **
1". Market PtMW Railway 'Id Z~>
Z't Market Street Railway TO iV*
75 Paauhau S P Co 32 Zj
2lt S F Oas & Electric Co 4<> 7i
IV S F Gas & Electric Co. s » 4S y>
JCiCO Spring Valley 4a <2d mortgage) 1C3 70
PRODCCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
7?0 Cnllforala-Standard 40
?< Caribou S3
1'jO Hanrcri-Fresno-Kern River 33
108 Hanford-Kresno-Kern River 34
60T Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 34
10CO Independence 23
10 Kern River IS 00
10 Kem River 1* S7^i
K> Kern River IS 7*
7M Monarch of Arizona ?>
200 Occidental of West Virginia 70
10 Oil City Petroleum 31 W
I4j" Petroleum Center H
idO Petroleum Center 19
HAi Reed Crude OH Co 4*
luG Sterling O & D Co 155
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. P»c. t-12 m.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the soles In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Beard y»tefday:
Mornlnr Session.
lOOAnde. 03! 400 Mexican 19
200 Best & Belcher 23' 300 Ophlr M
1<1O Best & Belcher 2S 109 Potosi It
200 Con Cal & Va.l 40 ISO Silver Hill .... i>
1-j Con Cal & Va.l 35
Following were the sales In the Paciflc Stock
Excbar-re yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
200 Andes C2I10OO Savage M
1500 Justice 03' 3C0 Silver Hill 52
209 Ophlr W!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Dec S— 12 in.
Alpha. 02 n Justice CS C4
Alta <* C6 Kertack — C3
Andes 02 U Lady Wash.... — M
Belcher 1j H Mexican li 13
Best & Bs'.cher 27 2» Occidental M C5
Bullion 62 03.Or>hir « «7
«*kledonla. 3S SiOi-ermin 11 12
Chollar 15 IS Potosi 14 15
Challenge Con. 21" 22!Savage 07 CS
Confidence 57 60 A«cn>ion — M
Con Cal & Va.l 35 1 +> Seg Belcher 02 f3
Con Imperial... — 01[ Sierra, N'evada,. » 3»
Con New York. 01 — {Silver Hill 5» 51
Kurvka Con — S5!St Lows 10 —
Crown Point... 11 13 Standard 3 W
Exchequer — <2 Syndicate — It
Gould & CUrry- 50 IS'Tnlon Con 22 23
Hale & Norcrs. 20 2l!Uta.h 05 *>«
Julia — 03. Yellow Jacket.. 21 2J
Guatemala and Mexican — 13916c for prime to
fancy washed; ll%013Hc for strictly good
washed; — CflO^c for good washed; S*;@li>Hc
for fair washed; 9®SUe fcr medium; SHSSHc
for Inferior to ordinary; 12glJc for good to
prime washed peaberry: lieilHc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; liglO^c
nominal for arood to superior unwashed.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER 8.
Flour, qr sks ... 20. 133 1 Wool, bales ..... i
Wheat, ctls 14.5*0 j Quicksilver. flskV-- {9
Barley, ctls -12,S7iM Leather, rolls ... S3
Beans. 8ks I.930;Wlne. gals T7.35O
Oats, ctls 140 Brandy, gals .... 2,K0
Corn, ctls 1.S40 1 Chicory, bbls .;.. 33
Rye, ctls ........ 65 Cheese. ctl» 15
Potatoes, sks ... 4,527 j Butter, ctls m
Onions, sks 13;Tallow. ct's ..... 516
Bran, sks J.ttiiL'.me, bbls ....... 91
Middlings, aks .. 871' Pelts, bdls joi
Hay. tons 434iHIdes. no 41;
Straw, tons Si Eggs, dos $,C30
- #
Costa P.lca— lSglic for prime washed: 110
12 l 4<s for good washed: 12f?l$c for good to
prime washed peaberry; ll@ll%ic for good to
prime peaberry: H'jtlJc for good to prime; 103
IO^iC for good current mixed with black beans;
SHSiWfcc for fair; 7gSHc for common to ordi
nary.
Salvador — HSlSc for good to prime washed:
l(V®10»ic for rair wa3hed; MSlI^e for good to
prime washed peaberry; l0*i?rlUie for good
to prime neml-washed: — @10*jc for superior
unwashed: KrglO^c fcr good green unwashed;
llfflUjC for good to superior unwa«hed pea
berry; 7(BS»ic for common to orvilnary-
Nlcaragua— 13^ 16c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; icffllljc nominal fcr fair to
strictly good washed; S'iQW'ic nominal for
sixxl to superior unwashed: HQHHc norcinal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
"To-day's first hand stock consists of C33
bags Costa Rica, 13 Nicarag-^a. 4S4 Salvador.
6413 Guatemala, 145 Mexican and 335t bags cf
other kinds: in all 11.S4 bags, as against S965
bags same time last year."
The market closts very quiet at the follow
ing quotations:
"Our last circular was dated November 7.
since which date all markets have experienced
a sharp decline. Brazils In New Tork losing
nearly Hie per pound. Mild coffees, here and
elsewhere, have not suffered in price to the
full extent of the depression, being unusually
favored br their statistical position In the
United States, but have met with little de
mand at reduced prices and are tending lower.
The causes of the downward movement axe
easily found in the weight of existing sup
plies, apparently good prospects for coming
crops and lack of confidence on the part of
buyers.
COFFEE— C. E. BIckford'a circular gives the
receipts at this i>ort thus far this year at
166,035 bags, against 175.963 bags during the same
time last year. The sales from first hand*
were 153,275 bars, against I3«.fc3S. Th* stock
in first hands December 1 was 8123 bags, against
9780i The world"* visible supply December 1
was 7,874.016 bags, against 7,438,432. The cir
cular says:
Evsporated Apples. SSSc; sun-dried. 3'~i3ttjc;
Peaches. 4g".c for standard. 5<?Sc for choice
and 6V»0"c for fancy: Pears. 237c: Plums,
pitted, »a«Hc: unptttM. 1©1S«: Nectarines. *©
5Hc for red and 5V»fl5c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Associaticn
has establ'*hed the following prices for the
se&ccn of 1300: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
p«r lb: choice, lie; standard. S\e; prime, 8c:
unbleached Thompson"?, 9c per lb. Sultanaa-
Fancy. 10%c per lb; choice. S>4c; £tar.dard. S\e;
prime. Sc; unbleached Sultana*. Jc; Soedles*.
iO-lb boxes. SHc; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crOTm. I! SO; Fancj
Clusters. $2; I>ehesa. 12 SO; Imperial. «. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Ch»stnut«. Cg.c rer 1b for California
and 12c for Italian: Walncta. No. I aoft
»he!l lie: No. 2. Sc: No. 1 har-Uhell. We: No. 2.
7Vic; Almonds. lieiSc fcr papen>he!I. 9«llc for
softEhell; Peanuts. 5g6c fcr tastern; Brazi:
Nuts, 13c; Filberts. 13c; Pecans. UQl3c; Cocoa
nuts. $3 5T#3.
HONEY— Corab. 13H61*V4c for bright and 12V,
«rl3c for light amber: water white, extract*.'.
7VQSc; light amber, *xtracted. Sri^7c: dark.
l^i^-tC per lb.
BEESWAX— "4g2«c per lb.
Provisions.
Quotations remain unchanged, ana the ir.ar
ket is rather quiet, as usual at this time of
the year.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll^llijc per lb fcr
heavy, HH812c for light medium. 12HO1JC for
light, 13i4*tl4e for extra light and i5gl5Hc for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, llfce:
Mess Beef. 112 SC per barrel: extra Mess. 113;
Family. 414; »xtra Prime Pork. $l« : extra
clear. $13 SO; M»ss, $17; Smoked Beef. 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at i\e per lb for com
pound and f^c for pure: half-barrels, pure
94c: 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb t'.rs. lOHc
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels. S\c; three
half-barrels. SVic: one tierce. SV»c; two tierces.
8c; five tierces, TTic per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. '10c: medium. 9c: light, i^c; Cow
hides, Sc for heavy acd SHc for lieht; Stags.
«Hc; Salted Kip. >"-c; Salted Veal. S^ic; Sa!te<l
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; culls. He: Dry Kip.
He; Dry Calf. Kfjl7c; cul'.s and brands.
14c: Sheepskins, ihearlings, W©30c each: short
Wool. 3O^50c each; medium. 60e«5c: lonif "W'oci.
75c<eil each: Horse Hld^. salt. $2 50 for Urge
and $2 for medium. {1 50 for «mall and iOc for
colts; Hcrse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50
for medium. $1 25 for small and 25S5-V for colls.
De»rskin3 — Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or
medium skins, 30c: winter or thin skin*. !7'-st*
iOc. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; largo u.ad
smooth. 5Ce; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4g44e per lb; No.
2. 3He: gr««?e. 2®2M:e.
• WOOL— Spring Clip 1« quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c: Northern, defective. 12
S14c; Middle County, free. 14318c: Middle
County, defective, i;©14«: Southern Mountain
IS months 1 . E-ClOc: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 11612c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months". 9@Ue: Humboldt and Me&jccino.
16©17c: Nevada. 12216c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin, 6HfiSc; do lambs. 8
©9c; Mlddl* Countv. S^lOc: Northern Mountain,
free. 10©llc; Southern Mountain. 7HeSH<":
Humboldt and Mendocino. 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— 12©16c r*r lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Firm, with continued light supplies.
BEEF— 7©Sc for Steers and «^6^o per lb Tor
Cows.
VEAL— Larse. MJ3c: small. S-glOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. St{9c; Ewes. 8@SVsc per
pound.
LAMB— S1?10c r*r lb
PORK— Live Hogs, S?ic for «mall and SSc for
medium and 5H<?5«4c for large; stock Hogs anC
feeders. MiS^c; drewed Hogs. 7H«SHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bass. $5 S3: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. i\e: Wool Bags.
2SHfl32%c; Fleece Twine." 7Hc: Fruit Bags,
*^»©6\c for white and SViCSHc for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $9: Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay, »5 DO: Wallsend. $9: Co-operative Wall
send. $9: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ten In bulk and
$13 in tacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, li 45
per *000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
™ICE— China mlied. $4 25S4 30; No. L « 70©
4 ?5; extra. $5j?5 50; Japanese. $t 95^3 50; Louis
iana. W3~: Hawaiian. $4 7334 S7*i per ctl.
SALMON — Round lots are quoted as fellows:
Alaska red. II 20: medium do. ft 10: pink. 93c:
Columbia River. Chinock, $1 75 for tails and
$1 S5 for fiats; barreled Salmon. $10 for Alaska
barrels and ?5 50 for half-barrels. v
SUUAk- The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in H<>-lt> bags:
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 8.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.«5c; Confec
tioners' A, 5. we; Magnolia A. 5.25c; Extra C.
6.15c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels, 19c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bag?,
16c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Qcmlnos. half-bar
rels. S.4Gc: boi"^. 6.S5c r>er lb.
and «7He7JV4c for off grades : Brewing anJ I
snipping grades. S0^«5c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. !
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— The stock in the State December 1,
as estimated by the Produce Exchange, wat
2<v.2SO ctls, asoinst 235.700 ctls on the same date
last year. Mcst of this stock Is in San Fran
cisco, as holdings In the lnt»rtor are unusually
sirall.
*,^ he » market is firmly held, but dull. White.
*1 3'-tfl M: ifurprlse, nominal; Red. II Bgl W;
oray, nominal; Black. lor reed SI izu.'a 1 20:
for seed, » 2agi 30 per ctl.
CORN— The market continues dull at pre
vious prices. California Yellow. $H5gll7V«:
California White. $1 l^^i 15; Eastern Yellow,
tllo: Wnite. II i;v,©l 15; Eastern mixed, U If H
&1 la r*r ctl.
RVE— S5@9Oc per ctl. The market rules dull.
The stock on hand In the State December 1 was
151.040 ctls, against 54,140 ctls on the same date
last year.
iSLCK. WHEAT— Quoted at II 75©2 per ctL
Flour and Mills tuffs.
The stock of Flour In the State December 1.
as estimated by the Produce Exchange, was
H4.1C8 barrels, against 112,135 barrels on th;
same date last year.
ti-ooiv— California Family Extras. JJ 35@
3 &0. usus.1 terms; Bakers' Extras. 13 !533 2a;
Oregon, $2 75©2 S5 per barrel for family and
JJ 7503 for bakers- : Washington, bakers*. !
12 itQl. ¦ 1
M1LLSTUFFS— Price* In racks are as fol- 1
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. »3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. 12 75; Rye !
Meal, $2 55; E'ce Flour, 17: Corn Meal. {2 75; i
•xtra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hcrn
lny $3 5P©3 75: Duckwheat Flour. $4®4 25; I
Cra'cked Wheat, »1 5a: Farina. 14 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). |6®
7 2S; In sacks. *5 7587; Pearl Barley, 13; Split
Peas, $5". Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Prices for Hay and Feedstuffs remain as be
fore. Bran Is firm and Kay steady.
BRAN— $14 50S15 50 per ten.
MIDDLINGS— J16 6OS19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, |16#17 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 125®:*; Jobbing,
126 50; Cccoanut Cake. !l7fll&: Corn Meal, 126©
56 5C; Cracked Corn. $26 50#J7: Mixed Feed. $15
S16.
HAT — Volunteer. Jig*; Wheat. ?11@13 50;
Wheat and Oat. $l0iffl2 50: Oat. $?«12: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. |Sg9 50; Barley, $7 5039 50
per ton.
STRAW— 33(847Hc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The stock of Beans In the State December 1,
as estfcnated by the Produce Exchange, was
243, czi Fact's, against KS.J11 racks en the same j
date last year. Local dealers, however, think I
that the estimate is under the real amount, as
it Is almost every year.
The Bean market shows little change, wltli
the exception of small and larse whites, which
ar« firm r.t a email advance.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 £552 75; Email White.
UVygilO; Lante White. $3 20© 3 30: Pink, J20
2 15; Red. iZSfl 25; Blackeye, $3: Limas, $5 35; I
Pea, Si Q 4 25; Red Kidney. $3 7S@l per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown. Mustard, nominal; , Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 5C£2 75; Canary,
3Vfcc per lb for California and 4s for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 7HS9 1 4c: Rape. 2H@5c; Hemp, iifi'tc:
Timothy. 4&4Vie.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75«2 25; Green. $2 75
©S per ctl: Blackeye, $1756125.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes continue to ease off, and Salinas are
slightly lower. The cheaper river descriptions
, remain unchanged. Onions stand about the
same.
' There were more Peas and Beans on the mar
ket, and prices were weak in consequence.
POT ATOES— River Red*. 75£T!Ac; Bur bank". '
35350c for River and 90cg$l 10 p«r ctl for Sa
linas and 65cgJl for Oregon; Sweets, 35€50c
for River and 7igS5c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 405 1 60 per ctl: cut. $lgl 25;
Oregons and i Nevadas, $1 C9<S1 75 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3gSc per lb;
String Beacs. SIJSc; Limas, nominal; Cabbage.
Me: Tomatoes, 7.V'g$i 25 for Los Angeles and
2Sc4?$l for Bay: Egg Pl3nt, Los Angeles, 6®Sc
1 per lb: Green Peppers. 35@50c per box: do. from
Loe Angeles. 8c per lb; Dried Peppers, 9#llc:
Carrots, 254/ 35c per box: Cucumbers nominal;
Summer Squash, 75c$$125; Garlic, 4g5c per lb;
.Marrowfat Squash, 110^12 per ton; Mushrooms,
; nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry are announced
' for to-morrow. The market was nominal yes-,
terday, as usual on Saturday.
Game was firm and sold off at a general ad
vance. Hare and Rabbits being In especial de
mand.
POULTRY— Live Turkey*. ll@12'ic for Gob
blers and ll@12^ic for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
15@17c; Geese, per pair. $1 75@2: Goslings, $1 7J
<?2; Ducks.*$i@4 for old and $4@5 50 for young;
Hens, $384 60: Young Roosters. $404 25: Old
Roosters, $3 5084; Fryers, $3 5O&4: Broilers,
IS £0@4 for large and $3@3 25 for small;
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $1 Tlgi for
"GAME— Quail. $1 12'ifil 25; Mallard. $3 50©5;
Canvaxtack. H05; Sprig. M 50^3; Teal. $1 75;
Widgeon. ?1 80*31 73; Small Duck. Iligl 50;
Gray Geese. M#3 50: V/hlte Geese. $1®1 50;
Brant. $1 50 for small nnd $2 for large; Hon
kers $4 SO; English Snipe, $1 50: Jack Snipe.
*1 25": Hare. Jlffl 50; Rabbits, $1 25@1 75 for
Cottontail and $1 23 for Brush; Dcves, 60<g73c
per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another advance in Butter is reported. Stocks
continue small. It appears that the car
shipped to Chicago was Eastern Butter which
had latn here some time, and the owner could
do better with it there than here. At the
rame time seme kegs of local Butter might
I have gone alonr with it.
Eggs have also moved up again. They are
very scarce, and. In fact, there are practically
none here, and sales at 45c are reported.
Cheese, too. is V4c higher, with limited sup
plies.
BITTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 28® 23c; seconds,
27Hc.
Dairy— Fancy. 25c; good to choice, 24^2Sc;
common. 2&022%c
Creamery tub— SO^M'.ic per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@:ic.
Flrkin-lSei3c.
Storae» goods— 21@22c.
CHEESE— New. 12^£13c: Old. U<?UVic:
Toung America. 13ffl4c;- Eastern. 16c; Western.
UH^il'Hc per lb. .
EGGS-Stcre. nominal: Ranch. 40c for fair
and 42f?44c ner dozen for good to choice; East
ern. 2523IHC. -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Previous quctations rule for mest descriptions.
Continued cold weather ' checks the demand
and the market 1« quiet and featureless. A
few berries came In.
Cranberries are very firm and Jerseys are
hlrher. - Stocks are light.
' A car of fancy Redlands Navels brought
$2 50^3 and some fine Tangerines *2 per box.
DtCIDUOUS FRUlTb—
APPLES— 30$60c per box for common and
Ciceu for good to choice; SplUenbergs. 75c0
$1 25: Oregon Spltsenbergs, 1101 25.
PEAKS!— -hs-blU iO t»r bm. .'
PERSIMMONS— ICWJ65C per box.
CRANBEIRRIES-Jerseys. 511; Cape Cod,
$131013 50 per barrel; Coos Bay. $2 50^! 75 per
box. ' ,
STRAWBERRIES— $;g7 per chest for Mo-
IinUos.
RASPBERRIES— $5#7 per chest.
GRAPES— 25<?30c P*r b" 1 «nd crate.
CITRUS FRLJIT3— Navel Oranges. $1 KQi W:
Seedlings. $lgl 7S; Tangerines. $1 UQ1 50; Jap
arese Mandarins, $1 CSQ!; Lemons. ' ticQtl 23
tor common and $1 50© 2 75 for *oo«l to choice:
Grape Fruit. $1 5O4J2 60; M-xican Limes. $4^»
4 50: California Limes, 2S£35c; Banana*. Jl
@$2 23 per bunch; Pineapples. $16* per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The markets are quiet and featureless all
over the country. ,
FRUITS— Prune*. Santa. Claras, 4 sizes. ¦ Jc;
43-Ks. 7c; 60-Ks, £^c: «fr-70». 8%c: 7O-S3s. VAc;
SO-903. 2\c; SO-ieCs. !\ic; 100s and over. 2c: ru
bles, Uc premium: Sonoma*. He and San Joa
culns. - %e ' less than Santa Claraa. . except 100a
and over, which stand the same. ". Apricots. <O
80 for Royals and 1O019HG - for - Moorparks;
Octs, Corn and Rye remain unchanged and quiet.
White Beans slightly higher. Other descriptions unchanged.
Potatoes weakening under heavy supplies.
Bran and Hay unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still higher.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry announced for Monday.
Game sold off readily.
Fresh and Dried Fruits stand as before.
Prevision market steady, but quirt.
Meet market -firm, with light supplies.
Local bank clearings gain slightly over last year.
Silver and Exchange as previously qucted.
Increased foreign exports from this port.
Corfce dull and zveak at lozcer quotations.
Oil stocks active. Local securities dull.
Produce Exchange issues stocks of grain on hand.
Wheat dull and iveak. Barley dull and firm.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Can S« ld« lOSSi'St Paul con I7«u
Ches * Ohio 4Hs..lO3S|St P C & Pac"ist»".li»H
oo £>s JlO'i j do Z s 122
c Jf : c* 5'5°? v&vnwo Pac 4s"::::::::: &%
_^,° S F deb Sa...ns |fo Railway 5f ....113
Chi Term <s sj^ig Rope & T « 3 .... M
Cp?° fcg <» S»HTei A Pac 1st*. ...114
¦ D & n G 4s 101«i do Ids. 7?
5?^- Ce r i? X SO** Union Pac 4s 107*4
? «•? D r C l8ts - "bjWabaBh lsts lie»;
Gen Elec 5s laid do ids 1C«H
Iowa Cent lsts ...ll6UiWc«t Shore 4« ....115.
L ,4 : Na*h urrt 4s . . lOOVj j Wis Cent lsta S7>4,
M K & T 2ds .." Tli» Va Centuries 94
a ° ** 93»ii Adams Ex 4s ....1M^4
MINING STOCKS.
Cbollar \i Ophlr S5
Crown Point io Plymouth OS
Con Cal &. Va 1 20 Quicksilver 1 2a
Gould & Curry 4T do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcross.. 15 Sierra Nevada .... SO
Homestake 65 CO Standard 3 00
Iron Silver K? Union Con 17
xlca n in Yellow Jacket 20
Ontario eoo Brunswick 10
BOSTON 8TOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- UnIon Land 2^
Call loans z®\ West End 93Vi
J? e loans 435 Westlcgh Eiec ... 6Mi
Stock*— Bonds—
Atchison 38 Atchieon 4s 1014
do prefd ......... 82j 4 n E G & Coke 5s.. 66
Am bugar i*juj raminy ehares
do prefd m (Adventure 6
Boston & Albany.249s;!Allouez Mln Co 2»4
Boston Elevated ..155 |Amalg Copper 91V.
Boston & Maine.. 1M (Atlantic ... 16
C B * Q- 13Ui|Doston & Mont... 325
V™ Coal 88%JBatte & Boston.... 77%
_ d ° g refd U2Vi Calumet & Hecla.810
Fed Steel 61 C«ntennlal 15*,.
jo prefd 75^ Franklin 15
Fltchburgr prefd ..128 Humboldt 25
Gen Electric 163'4 Osceola 7i>4
do jrefd 145 (Parrot <7'»
Mex Cent I2v» Qulncy X74
iS '^TfJephone .. 85 Santa Fe Copper.. 6»i
£ E G &Coke II* I Tamarack .........2S1
Old Dominion .... J7H;Utah Mining 33^
Rubber^. 55H;Win<raa 3U
Lnlon PaclAe 76^, Wolverines W.i
Following- i» the reg-ular semi-annual estimate of .the stock of grain left on hand In the State December 1. aa issued by th» Prdouca Ex
change. The amount of wheat Is rather less, and of barley rather more than had been expected.
STOCKS OF GRAIN IN THE STATE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1900.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Foreign Futures.
Chicago Grain Market.
r«cel securities were quiet and unchanged.
The | Oil Exchange recorded Its usual active
business at steady prices as a rule.
' The Burlington Oil Company was ex -til vide nil
of le yesterday.
Transactions os the Oil Exchange during the
31
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Articled— Open. High.
Wheat >:o. 2—
December - 70*i ~C%
January ....£ "<*H 7H«
May 73*i 73=i
Corn No. 2—
December .... 37H 37%
January 35 38*,
May 26H 35%
Oats Xo. 2—
December 214 214
May »ti M 7 -.
Mt€s Pork, cer bbl—
January 12 12>i 1? 17^
May 11 97>i H«
I,ard, c«r ICO Jfcs—
I>ecember "15 T 15
January 6 57^ 8 87^
May 6 9IV» 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January .: 6 SO 6 32«4
May «37H 6 87^
. Low.
70
70'i
¦an
Il»i
12 10
11 97 l ,i
7 124
6 So
6 82H
630
*S7tt
Close.
70H
70H
7S^*
35%
35%
36«4
:i«i
23**
12 15
12 00
7 12'i
€874
6 95
6 32V)
6 374
REPORT OF FLOUR AND GRAIN" REMAINING IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA ON DECEMBER 1. 1900.
I Flour. I
Bbls. I
Wheat.
Ctls.
I
Barley. I
Ctls.
Oats.
Ctls.
I Beans.
I Sacks.
Com.
CUs.
I Rye.
Ctls
t
San v Fl S, DClSC^ 7 ar f hous e s «>* mills, Including grain and flour afloat In
harbor and In transit.. 33 461 243.M9 MS.JM 133.645 133.5S* 4.SM
Sonoma, Solano. Yolo, Cokisa and Glenn counties 2".5S0 J.S15.120 £04.230 18.9-10 ' 1,380 MO
Sacramento. 1 uba. Suiter. Buite. Placer and Tehama counties...'. 14.670 1.370,260 134. Sy) 3.4*> 574 «
Contra Costa -and Alameda counties a __; 2.422.4tt> 1.254.0W ,4.741 500 63.SM
han Joaquln. Stanislaus. Merced. Fresno. Made/a. Tulare Kln~s and
Kern counties.... . ." = .. I ¦ JG.72S 4.35S.3S0 \ . 12S.SV) 9» 1.950 SO.TOO
San Mateo. Santa Clara. San Benlto. Santa Cruz. Monterey and San' }
Lui. ObUpo countie... ......:......„. ..„ 12.719 538.6*0 I 643.949 33.7« 14.S74 *S>
Santa Barbara. \ <?nt--ra. Los Angeles. Orange, gan Bernardino. River- ! i * •
side and San Diego countie. 1 3,625 153.7S0I 559.C40 1.921 83.449 1.4»
• - . ¦ ... . 1 _________ I 1 1 ; 1 _____
Totala • j ltl.lOS 1 12.101.9S0 I 3.S33.84? 1 Z00.2S) j 2t:.03l j j 1.1.0*0
" COMPARATIVE STATEMENT.
! Flour. I Wheat. I Barley. Oats. Beans. I Corn. [ Rye.
' ¦ '. Bbls. CUs. I Ctls. Ctls. Sacks. • Ctls. | Ctls.
ISO-June 1 ; , ; .. 95,0c.) S,3«7.S« I I.IOS.3^ 147.9S1 114. CSS ' '
1S93— December 1 112.136 13.998.2S1 I 4.77S.SW I 2:C,.;O3 | 26?.?17 I j 54.141
,,„ i une 1 r"-; 7O.»>5 3.394.160 1 J32.42O I 23.4S0 I 303.37J i 23.560 ! 10.5*1
lSSS-Pecc-mber 1 122.S33 6.494.8'W | l.iT64.3nO \ 1S6.C03 | 513.459 \ I 38.440
STOCK. ;
Bid.
Asked.
C=.l!fcrnla-Starsdard
Caribcu
I'our Oil
Hanfort
Hanford-Fresno-Kera River 1
Home Oil j
Hcmestake {
;
Kern Uiver
t.;on Oil
Monarch of Arlrona
Monte Cri»to
CO
41
1 26
r>
4 45
U 75
*2
IS «T4
23
40
1 40
M
n
1900
S3
U
110
Occidental of West Virginia...
Oil City Petroleum
o
nso
Petroleum Center
IU*d Crude Oil
Kex
San Joaquin O. & D. Co
Khamreclt •-
Sterling O. & D. Co
West Shore i
IS I
a
70
i is
( 2*»
ISO
LON"S.
! Le*t I This
<2« Houre' £*a*on-
I Last
. I Season.
0.00 UM
0.00 6. €3
. <>.« €.70
0.W 6.K5
0.C9 4.S<
cm :.u
too s.e:
. coo *.:»
.' 0.W ' 1.73
22. E5
7.M
7.W
7.J5
i.n
S.83
2.C1
LON"S.
! Le*t I This
<2« Houre' £*a*on-
I Last
. I Season.
0.00 UM
0.00 6. €3
. <>.« €.70
0.W 6.K5
0.C9 4.S<
cm :.u
too s.e:
. coo *.:»
.' 0.W ' 1.73
22. E5
7.M
7.W
7.J5
i.n
S.83
2.C1
Articled— Open. High.
Wheat >:o. 2—
December - 70*i ~C%
January ....£ "<*H 7H«
May 73*i 73=i
Corn No. 2—
December .... 37H 37%
January 35 38*,
May 26H 35%
Oats Xo. 2—
December 214 214
May »ti M 7 -.
Mt€s Pork, cer bbl—
January 12 12>i 1? 17^
May 11 97>i H«
I,ard, c«r ICO Jfcs—
I>ecember "15 T 15
January 6 57^ 8 87^
May 6 9IV» 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January .: 6 SO 6 32«4
May «37H 6 87^
. Low.
70
70'i
¦an
Il»i
12 10
11 97 l ,i
7 124
6 So
6 82H
630
*S7tt
Close.
70H
70H
7S^*
35%
35%
36«4
:i«i
23**
12 15
12 00
7 12'i
€874
6 95
6 32V)
6 374
STOCK. ;
Bid.
Asked.
C=.l!fcrnla-Starsdard
Caribcu
I'our Oil
Hanfort
Hanford-Fresno-Kera River 1
Home Oil j
Hcmestake {
;
Kern Uiver
t.;on Oil
Monarch of Arlrona
Monte Cri»to
CO
41
1 26
r>
4 45
U 75
*2
IS «T4
23
40
1 40
M
n
1900
S3
U
110
Occidental of West Virginia...
Oil City Petroleum
o
nso
Petroleum Center
IU*d Crude Oil
Kex
San Joaquin O. & D. Co
Khamreclt •-
Sterling O. & D. Co
West Shore i
IS I
a
70
i is
( 2*»
ISO
REPORT OF FLOUR AND GRAIN" REMAINING IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA ON DECEMBER 1. 1900.
I Flour. I
Bbls. I
Wheat.
Ctls.
I
Barley. I
Ctls.
Oats.
Ctls.
I Beans.
I Sacks.
Com.
CUs.
I Rye.
Ctls
t
San v Fl S, DClSC^ 7 ar f hous e s «>* mills, Including grain and flour afloat In
harbor and In transit.. 33 461 243.M9 MS.JM 133.645 133.5S* 4.SM
Sonoma, Solano. Yolo, Cokisa and Glenn counties 2".5S0 J.S15.120 £04.230 18.9-10 ' 1,380 MO
Sacramento. 1 uba. Suiter. Buite. Placer and Tehama counties...'. 14.670 1.370,260 134. Sy) 3.4*> 574 «
Contra Costa -and Alameda counties a __; 2.422.4tt> 1.254.0W ,4.741 500 63.SM
han Joaquln. Stanislaus. Merced. Fresno. Made/a. Tulare Kln~s and
Kern counties.... . ." = .. I ¦ JG.72S 4.35S.3S0 \ . 12S.SV) 9» 1.950 SO.TOO
San Mateo. Santa Clara. San Benlto. Santa Cruz. Monterey and San' }
Lui. ObUpo countie... ......:......„. ..„ 12.719 538.6*0 I 643.949 33.7« 14.S74 *S>
Santa Barbara. \ <?nt--ra. Los Angeles. Orange, gan Bernardino. River- ! i * •
side and San Diego countie. 1 3,625 153.7S0I 559.C40 1.921 83.449 1.4»
• - . ¦ ... . 1 _________ I 1 1 ; 1 _____
Totala • j ltl.lOS 1 12.101.9S0 I 3.S33.84? 1 Z00.2S) j 2t:.03l j j 1.1.0*0
" COMPARATIVE STATEMENT.
! Flour. I Wheat. I Barley. Oats. Beans. I Corn. [ Rye.
' ¦ '. Bbls. CUs. I Ctls. Ctls. Sacks. • Ctls. | Ctls.
ISO-June 1 ; , ; .. 95,0c.) S,3«7.S« I I.IOS.3^ 147.9S1 114. CSS ' '
1S93— December 1 112.136 13.998.2S1 I 4.77S.SW I 2:C,.;O3 | 26?.?17 I j 54.141
,,„ i une 1 r"-; 7O.»>5 3.394.160 1 J32.42O I 23.4S0 I 303.37J i 23.560 ! 10.5*1
lSSS-Pecc-mber 1 122.S33 6.494.8'W | l.iT64.3nO \ 1S6.C03 | 513.459 \ I 38.440
EAILROAD TRAVEL:!;
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
LeaTt Markst-ttreet r«rry Dvpot
Lx%. San Frandsco.l 9:00 a a'iM 9 m\ VM 9 m
jltt S'ttc'dZva 11:10 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p ca
•• Merced ..... — *:*2 P m . 1:1S a n»
•• rrrsno «.—•- «:39 p m »:06 a n»
•• VlHlla •wja «:» a n»
•• Tular« 1:22 pm 1:10 4 a
" Hanfsrd 1:33 p in 7:06 a a
- BakerafieM ... I:W p m t:»ia
•• CtBTsr _ 10-.0C a m ¦
•• Kaasas City™ *:1S P m
- CMcarg 7:«am |
Un. train la th« Overland Expresa. Corr»-
a^oiMilag train »rrt>es at • p. m. dally.
(;U 5. m. la Stockton Local. CorrcapaoOtBa
train arrlvsa ll:4o a. m. djilly.
f.n p. ra. is Frvaao and Bak«rsS«Id Sxpma*
with Eleeptnr Cars for both dtirs. Corrsipcnd-
! taw train arrives at I a. m. dally.
OmCTS- «4l Market «t. and In Terry D«po«.
Kaa I^-xaclaco: HIS Eroa-2-ray. OaUand.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leares San Francisco, via Saa.nalUo FSrrr:
WEEK DATS. ...9:15 a. m. ; 1:45 »-H iftf tv rm
EU.NDAYd l:W. 1O:OQ, U^) and l:ii jC bl
rare, flea FraacUco to Boxamlt aad Bttara,
KIW TAVERSO7 TAMALPAIS NOW OPSH,
Ticket craw*, d Muktt st., Baosattto TmjZ
AUCTION SALES
GREAT AUCTION SALE
Thoroughbred Yearlings
AN'D OLDER HORSES FKOM
\ SANTA AXITA STOCK FARM.
\E. J. Baldwin, Prop.*
RAXCHO DEL SIERRA.
. CXEOXTA STOCK FARM.
(E. D. McSTFtcr.y, Prop.>
Comprlslr.ff sons and daughters of Amlgt
Rey el Santa Anita, Xonad, Santiago. Rey del
Sierras, El Rio Rer. Lordllke and Emperor of
Norfolk, and the choicest maro on taes« farm*.
WEDNESDAY EA"ENtNG. DEC. 13. 1300.
Comr.iencin: at 7M5. at
OCCIDENTAL. HCRSE EXCHANGE.
• 721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
Horses at yard. Catalogues ready.
WM. O. LATNG. Auctioneer.PHILADELPHIA. Dec. S.— After serv
teg seven yeara of a thirteen years' sen-
IliKOCEUT MAN
SEBVES SEVEN YEABS
Small Salaries That Were Paid Offi
cials in Those Days.
The new volume of the Historical Manu
scripts Commission, relating to the manu
scripts of Lord Montagu of Beaulieu, con
tains some interesting : tables of the sal
aries paid to public officials about 1607-8.
Th« I>ord Treasurer of England - took a
salary of £2G5 with £15 extra for livery;
the Chancellor of the Exchequer £26, and
£11 for livery. Now the First Lord of the
Treasury gets £6000 and the Chancellor
£5000. The Lord Chancellor of England
had a very, fat berth, embracing a; fee of
BEFOEE ELIZABETH'S TIME.
WIPE THE FINANCIER.
Budyard Kipling 1 Depends Upon His
Better Half for Cash. Supplies.
"Yes. I have been down to Brattlebbro
again this summer," said I one the other
day who has made it a practice to visit
that charming Vermont city each sum
mer for the past ten years. "I knew Kip
ling, as. of course, every one in town did
before he went back . to England. I vis
ited at the Balestlers', the daughter ' of
which family the author married.
"Kipling has no more regard or knowl
edge of the value of money than a baby.
His wife, who was Carrie Balestier. Is tile
business head of the Kipling Fiction
Foundry. It is she to whom he goes with
publishers' offers and , his :¦ half-formed
plans, and her decision In = all matters of
business is carried out to the letter by her
husband, who knows her Judgment to be
infallible and. therefore, has* the greatest
confidence in her. Kipling keeps notrack
of himself, at .all; frequently; having to
turn to his wife for answers to the slight
est personal questions. - ¦ • I > remember dis
tinctly one little incident ¦ which occurred
while I was at the Balestiers';a few years
ago. : Kipling had < been out ? tramping all
morning, s. After dinner— he . used to eat
noon dinners In Vermont— he went to his
writing room. Coming back-down stairs
where his. wife lat, a few; minutes later.
" MADRID. Dec 8.— A collision occurred
to-day between Ovejo and Vacar. on the
: railroad from Cordova and Belme. . As a
r«enlt of the accident seven persons are
dead and twelve are suffering from in
juries sustained.
STOCKHOLM, Dec. 8.-A fire at Por
lange has rendered 150 persons homelees
and caused damage to the amount of half
a "million kroner.
CHRISTIANIA. Dec. 8.— A landslide oc
curred at Kregen yesterday, causing an
overflow of the river and resulting in a
considerable destruction of property. A
large force of men is at work clearing
twav the debris.
' BRUSSELS, Dec. E.— Owing to recent
heavy rains the river Senne has over
flowed the suburbs and inundated a por
tion of the city. The Rue de Cercle is
•under water. The Inhabitants are Im
prisoned In their nooses and some stock
cas been drowned.
•. PARIS. Doo. 8.— P.ecent Forms have
caused great damage to the provinces.
COLOGNE. Dec. S.— A bridre at Differ
¦fllngen, in the Grand Duchy of Luxem
bourg, collapsed to-day as an express
train was passing over It and the train
plunged into the stream. Five persons
were killed and eight were badly injured.
Storms, Fire and Accident
. Cause Loss of ,Life aud
Property.
CALillTIES OF
A SINGLE DAY
One Man Out at San Diego.
SAX DIEGO. Dec. 8.— The strike of tele
graphers on the Santa Fe affected but one
man here, J. IL Clendinln, who obeyed
the order at 2 o'clock, turning over his
keys and Instruments to Agent E. B. Stu
art, who is himself an operator. There
was no delay In business here, as there
are four other operators besides the agent
in the freight and passenger offices..
Recently Parker wrote to a friend pro
testing hi5 innocence. The matter was
investigated and It was found that the.
suit which Parker had left at the hotel
was of better quality than the one he had
put on by mistake. Upon his presenta
tion of these facts, the Board of Pardons
unanimously gave Parker his liberty.
Parker then came to this State and re
sided in Bucks County. One night h«* re
mained at a hotel and in the morning
donned. a suit of clothing hanging in the
room, mistaking it for his own. He was
rvrrested on the charge of larceny and at
his trial a Constable from New Jersey
testified that the defendant had been pre
viously arrested for larceny. This mili
tated against him and he was sentenced
to thirteen years' imprisonment.
Parker, who is now 27 years old, ob
tained employment in TJordenstown in
1891 and two years later was arrested on
the charge of stealing a watch. Later it
was found the watch had been mislaid by
the owner and the charge was withdrawn
and Parker was released.
tence in the Easton penitentiary. James
Parker of EHlsdale, N. J., has been re
leased as Innocent of the crimes with
which he was charged.
There were also full staffs of officials
for pantry, huttery. cellar, larder, kitchen,
scullery, beds, bakehouse, spicery. con
fectionery, pastry, pitcherhouse," chaun
dry. laundry and woodyard.— London
Mail. v . -
At that time there were various inter
esting law offices that have now, unfor
tunately, quite disappeared^ such as the
Clerk of the Hamper, the Frothonotary,
the Chaffer of .Wax, the Crier, and the
Joyners of the Tales. The latter office
must have been extremely underpaid at
£20 a year. The Lord Admiral received
£133 as pay and £200 for food. The
"clarke of the storehowse at Dettford
strand" received £32 13s 4d a year, and
was allowed one clerk at Is a day. The
royal "surgians" got £30 apiece, "phisi
tians" £100 apiece, and apothecaries £2 13s
4d apiece.
23s a day, £200 for attendance in the Star
Chamber. £300 annuity, £41 for clothes,
two tuns of wine and an odd £72 from
somewhere or other. The Lord Chief
Justice took £248.
he said to her In a pitiful .little way:
¦?J"J le ' a " rn y tobacco. seems to be gone.*
Mrs. Kipling felt for her pocket. Draw
ing out a little purse, she said: -'How
much do you want; Rudy ard?'
. .l-guess a quarter will be enough, Car
rie.' .Kipling replied.
She gave him the quarter and he went
The recent census shows that about 12
Eer cent of the population of the Unite-i
tates Is colored. »
away, radiantly happy, to buy another
package of tobacco. I never knew him to
have a penny about him. Carrie's his
cashier."— Detroit Journal.
LABQE SHIPS EC01TOMICAI,.
Big Steamers Consume Proportion-
ately Less Cool Than Small Ones.
The tendency Is to increase the size and
speed of all steamers nowadays, and the
rule holds good in regard to self-trimmers,
says a writer in the Engineering Maga
zine. Many of them will carry 7000 tons
of coal as cargo at eleven knots, and there
Is sufficient evidence to support the view
that the larger 'the vesel the more eco
nomical. In proportion, is the coal con
sumption. A return now before me In
•which are given .the results of a large
number of voyages by different ships,
shows that a 9000-ton steamer running 267
miles a day had a consumption of .036
pound of coal per ton displacement per
mile. An 8000-ton steamer running 266
miles a day 'used .038 pound, while a 7000
tpn vessel steaming 26i miles a day burned
-.48 pound. A 6000-ton steamer going 257
miles a- day used .054 pound of coal per
ton displacement, and a 6000-ton steamer
l ra jX£J!? e 26( l mlles a day - 067 Pound, while
tonSsss'^ssnr 11 ' 269 mlles a day
show that the cost of the 9000-ton stealner
1™ f° al v wa f less t S, an haJf that orth J
4000-ton boat per mile per ton dlsplac-
ment. showing that the larger the stSame'r
the less the coal consumption pro rat^T
Baronetcy . Perpetuates Names.
A baronetcy Is a very convenient thing
to Rive away It carries. with it no power,
not much In the way of social precedence
no personal decoration— not even a ribbon
?^ star-and no more titular distinction
than does. a. mere knighthood. But it is
hereditary and goes to the founding of a
family. That Is -why this honor is sought
after by men who.- having raised them
selves to eminence, wish their names per
petuated. Great artists, physicians, men
of science, inventors, engineers, shipbuild
ers, merchants, civic dignitaries— these
are .the men of whom we make baronets
now. But Jiey must have plenty of money
to leave— that Is lndlsne^iUlj 1 c.MMtjJal.—
London Express. .
A twentle^K'gf' 33co4^eck<Vs area Ia7 for-V
est land. agv&n-t^iSth8tB. mountain, heath'
and lak^and^niy^re^uaJt^tultlv-aXed
11±K feAJN JjKAJSCISCO CALiL, SUNDAY,; DJEC1SM3JSJS 9, l»uu.
32
FRIEDMAN'S ANNOTTNCEMENTS.
Articles for the holidays will be held !
and , delivered -at < any time to suit, !
without expense or, trouble to you. ; !
Free Delivery In Oakland, AUmeda, Berkeley' I
-M. FRIEDMAN y&Ca!
.(Incorporated) !
•MMrawMHa M *a «a im*mmmnmm j
Axminstcr Rugs — $ 2 I
A Bigelow; Axminister. High pile,- 1
soft, lustrous finish/ A rug for piano, ;
sofa • or bedroom . * Good ' enough for I
any room.- Turkish and flower de- i
signs. Colors to match any carpet; ? ;
only, one to each purchaser. '27 x 54 '>
inches ; r- $2.00 i
A bright Table Cover Is a help in •
roorn-bri'ghtening .for the holidays, i
Warm "colors, Persian' patterns' and |
heavy fringes in Tapestry. The larg- •
est & best line we've had. 6-4 as low !
as $1.75. " 8-4 from $2.25. /•
is equally good for parlor, {
bedroom or sewing room. •
This : Reed back, Cane seat ' Rocker j
is one that will please, and it looks so j
fresh and "inviting. $2.75 j
, H&le>B - l_ _", Hale>g - 1 • Hale ' s/ .L^^^^^J^ 1^- I Hale's. I H&le>i. \ Hale/8.
W A, -h«^;sd%^ • M
% ¦ tC tO - fnorrow: Market t0 Fel1 ' t0 Buchana ". to Haight, to Scott;to-Oak, to Masonic avenue, to Waller', to Stanyan, to Baker, to Fulton, to Hale's.
W/^^^^N a dazzlm 9 assortment of al1 kmds of^ /J1P% «^
more than ever—the -rendezvous ot thrifty ho^ igk
&. Xmos novelties. Ij^^^^O $1.29 xnj|P& $3.75 § Sy^^J'l' , '^!l- Dolls p * mt * d rockinK chairs ~ s:c — ~
<& Are you looking for a real //>\ Carpet sweepers-perfect model of |^fe S'^^^^fe^il- I^is'n '' ' u ' ' T JL^Tfil/ Jtt^
**/ novelty to send 10 vour La-t- Q=Jc !)/ mother's Bisscl's sweeper— <;ee illustra- p " * Vjj* rs^m^K^^^^^ ' CO 3 i->olls sideboards and commodes — — our price lOe gN W <V»
vi (r crn friend omethine charac- OD^ JJJ tion— worth 19c each. Our "price.. 10c CMjjh W So ff! 0 V ° rth 50C each - Our price ' i9C Mother .Goose tenpins-see illustra- SC tt*W
(\t\jj. tcristic of California? If so Fine jointed dolls with beautiful faces, qS^^Q? «^^^B^P«^^5 g8 n If '' Daisy " air rifles— worth $1.00 each, tion— worth $1.00 a set. Our price.Toc - s^^Ci^^ =l _ W
\\Si/j take the elevator for our sec- Doll carriages with _ steel wheels- curly hair and moving eye's- 27 inches tBfjfp ff\ S3 r ' °" r pnce • •¦ 73 ° Qiatterbox— better than ever Our ~"^^St^f /fA
( K ond floor vherc youU find" worth ; 5 c-scc illustration. Our price long-see llustration-worth $5.00 h£^M^^^^m S Solder suits-several different styles, pVice, eac^... ... .. ?..:"".. 49c - m )[<$>
J«V\ ... . : , -,, , «>ui- each. Uur price $3. 40 ¦ >" ==^^^^^^iL • S5>,rtP worth 60c to 75c each. Our pnce.. 50c ¦ « ilJ S\> ,
if**! tastily decorated booth fclleJ Dolls' go-carts, worth 60c each. Our Kid body dolls with pretty faces. Ion* S-^J^^W Blackboards with drop front and illus- i.-JiL ~^t, UP ?" ha " dred A° f - lZ.'J/^^'L^ &V<2
yjl xvlth jCwcl boxcs - piclurc P"ce -*»c curlyhair, moving eyes, and shoes and Warehouses erocerv stores and but- trated roller-worth $2 Too . each. •- Our „???' worth 2OC to 2;>c "ch. Our fia/rCfreSS/ng. y^l
O/? frame*, pen-wipers and hold- Children's desks-stron K ly made-see stockings-worth $1.75 each. Our price cher s hons-see fiSStLtion-worth ?oc ' P ri « •••••"•••••.•..¦ .$1.40 pnce : loC _. . . . &P\
//yt rrg. handkerchiefs and plove illustration— worth $1.25 each. Our 1..#1..15 each Our price 3»c Woolly dogs and other animals— Toy teasets— worth 35c each. Our xnu aeparttnent maices a D\\
yjr> boxes, and manv new and nov- P" ce "'. ! , Dolls' swings— nicely painted, worth <?rokinole boards— worth $1.50 each, worth 65c and 75c each. Our price.4Oc P nc « • • •• 2 »c specialty^ of hairdre«»insr. pj//
V\ el thin^ made "entirely of na Jointed doUs with moving eyes, cur y 19c each. Our price 1^« Our price .....98c Toy pianos-worth $1.39 each-our ( White enameled cradles-worth 30c shampooing, face steaming and J^
(V .- _. , -.; '¦ hair, and shoes and stockings. 18& Dolls trunks with lock and key— War vessels— modeled after the fight- price $1.19 each. Our price 25c the making of switches, tou- rat
s\^ ssssss^ :o gs^^*^:^»wB f^M^mmmKs& o^mb u - s - wo " h 75c^ ¦o2°ss? h —" o « h MiM $^ r s C h as o ns wit - h •**•&& peM and " igs ( to order - Mod v^
Oi^j f - v ' * • '""^ * **.uu cacn. uur pnce <px.*i» erate prices, of course. 'Si>vt#
/>i li^S^^B d ufo"t!Js"L C^'"L- no/lOay sale of china and CUt glass. y\ handkerchiefs -for gifts at prices for wonder /\ ii Q>
\XZ _. . US ! "' ", at "I?' pr ' cc * - ««' »|[JJ c"i ul ™ "":5?|!'J;5 Nev «r *efo« havcWe shoivn such a variety of charming gift thinijs in china xC , This is the most » u ««sful holiday sale of handkerchiefs / \
T1 " Ti"} "?, '* °"' tIwt C^ b l n " comfort 1 ,?"• wJl. !„,. a JS ZT and Sl'"-uscful; artistic, practical, fanciful and beautiful-^-nevtr, before have 4®k>v$® I"*?' V.'I cv " known. Considering the character of the A ((<SZ
KV S^Si&SlS^w|^Pf^ KSa^SSf £f S. ™ *»« «- *>,„ S g^ tor your money. Wff T-^kJI? (^
) >/ a hundred cents" worth of value every time— often a good 1 he assortment we show is \er> Jh; n c hj n a cups and saucers in fancy shapes and assorted decorations— X^&9/X serve d success. , " V^Xw'y >sVl
1 is deal ivore large — almost too large. Its worth "?c our nrice 1 r. p , /^£yZ'f.i\ IhI
1 /> ceal n.ore. -^^ task to seIect WO ™ "f' Our , P"ce.... ..loc here are fw(f of f[)e ma/jy spfend/d Ka/tfM b& fomd /W\ % + J
y/rfr silk handkerchiefs with handsome hand wrought f rom suc h a round of designs, \*hite opal plates with fancy lace edges — for decorative purposes, worth \"\«&-'v#/ on tfte counters to-morrow. vS^v J/b S^T
f 1 J '\ initial?— finished with 1 M inch hems. 22 inches square. Per hut nnc rather lik-e<; the rxn^- 12c each, our price 9c K$ffi/ j j- •• t • 1 i« '* j l c • . ... v£^^J?.v 3/te*
talf-do™ fins ,e handkerchief 50c . g lass and china vase S -manv differs W. worth $,« to i^|^^^S^^|SalS^* UN
men's neckwear— tecks. imperials, derby four-in-hands, play is prodigal. It means $i-7o eacn, our pnce ._. .^..... use / .-i» borders in a score or more pretty styles— the last of a big im- / V^\ *"*?>ff
bows and batwings of rich silks and satins in light and lowest prices. _ _ Table lamps with center draft burners and 10 inch globes, handsomely decor- j$a porter's line that was turned over to us at a loss — all new, /\L ir* o/i>
y dark colorings and innumerable pretty patterns. Our price. White Irish point three piece atcd— worth $3.87 each, our price. $2.95 V^ 5 - Mj beautiful, and in perfect condition. * S+M vylC
.each 5Oc bed sets. Splendid values at. Cut glass salad bowls— deeply cut— worth $7.00 each, our price §4.5r* Your choice, regardless of how much higher the price L]\&
- ...A Men s hea\A- black surah silk reefers— 22 inches wide and V.T ' v .«7.50 Royal Bonn salad bowls— worth 9>c each, our price 39c .noum De. v^y VV^
za ivche< icw* The hc^t vihie in these cxjocr we nave nf- "*«' *""***** • " /DC eacn. *^ \\nt^&
jK^ Sf ThatS What ° Ur bUyCr daimS ~ a " d he sh ° uld si^O and pleasing flower and orien- fL* L, n r/ n]m aefin rlonnntmonf Ladies' pure Irish linen and sheer Swiss handkerchiefs— some have borders of mechlin 1|(\
*S!St "', '""A '.,""".\ *, ¦¦"¦'"• ,¦".' " tal designs — rich colorings — I//C7 UlU UUlI/UOlIU UUfJUt illlUfli lace in the new butterfly pattern, some have borders of mechlin and Valenciennes lace f)r§
j=KS The -Opera ¦ mm tier 01 peau de soie or surah silk The 6 s i ze _ eac h . .*:. , ... „ ¦' ttl .^'. Aiv^ gathered on footing, and still others have scalloped borders embroidered in exquisite d<y. V/A
<PYU correct muifler lor Tip-to-datc dressers, each $2.5O j??l.GO fRl.75 and $1.8."5 1S * U " °* " in ts iop practical givers. signs. choice SOc each ZJtli
*^tj All linen hemstitched initial handkerchiefs— per box of 6 8-4 size— cach In the whole realm of giftdom there's nothing we know of better calculated * Vl/r
&r $ 1 .50 $ 1 .50, $12.40 and $2.75 t o make a housewife's eyes sparkle with delight on Christmas morning than a orders by mail for advertised goods accurately filled, carefully packed and promptly shipped. ' \AI>
i,/\ 1 i' 1 / # ' ll •- remembrance in the shape of snowy linen or bedding. Our stock is now at the KrV>?
'tl>//f holluCLV OlOVe SQie. ribbons. flood tide of complete fullness, and prices— but why speak of them at all?, You fihrt<ifmn<: Q/t/p nf C^p// hflir nrnnmpnfQ /\p
\SW "uuuu/ yiuvc ouig fcr fancy wor^ and of er purposes. ; always expect the best values here, for we learned the wisdom of saving money UtinStmaS Sdie OT SHeil na/r OmamentS. \\W
l^t> our glove orders make Best quality all silk, satin and gros grain for you long ago. t An important holiday sale of 7000 pieces real and imitation shell goods at about 25 ner ' /i V
JW\ n C «nt»hIe n ifi- ribbons in all the_ bright fancy^work colors. Double satin damask in several ex- All-wool white blankets with beauti- cent below regular prices. V //V)
¦ jfllfl V*f < • r , • pr!ce".7.5c Oc 12c 15c 10c 22c 27c 35c quisitely beautiful patterns— 84 inches ful fancy borders— luxuriously soft and The manufacturer wanted money, had these goods to trade for it and offered induce- ' jjfk
«V» /hey are Rood for their tece\-alue in any No. 1 all-silk, satin and grosgrain rib- wide— per yard ...$3.00 fleecy— silk :, bound— double bed ; size— ments we couldnt resist— neither will you when you see them. rffj
~M °.V / vZ l?l m % St^ rCS »ri^ r »i* V V««r bons in a complete color assortment— i5er Napkins to match— 23 inches square— per pair, , $18.00, $12.00, $10.00^ and real tortoise shell hairlock retainers— imitation shell hairlocks— rhinestone set-
' 9k\ T A* racrchandlse - bcnd thcm to > our piece 15c per dozen $6.75 $6.5O , cach 4 8c, 75c, 98c and $1.25 tings-each 25c to ?1.5O rl
' y//)» -it \f,n-.i" <,i«« m ,,i» nf r«i Prorri, All-silk picot edge baby ribbons, per piece Eiderdown comforters— covered with Full size comforters with handsomely Real tortoise shell empire combs— each imitaiinn «lic11 nomn^nm. v w
3f kid 4h^^oue R sttch?ng twodLpsand of 10 yards 9c figured sateen and finished with corded shaded borders-filled with lambs' wool 08c, $1.25, $1.50, $2.00, $2^25, $2.50 $3.00 ,toS^^S2^So^-c IW
VL vL^^ point'X'ckf'c^-Wact pillows. . ti^S 7 hU °T\ V* *"** *** '^ - v-.--- " •••«•?• ??^W^^T i ?t'°° *£ J^
fflM and mastique. Warranted to stand wash- handsome tfft thlnft. at half pri«. °* warmth, each Better grades at $10.00 and $17.50 Real tortoise shell lorgnettes-each $1.50, hairlocks-each « e T rrv ) Mfc
<&(} ing with soap and water, per pair.... $2.00 We have several finished pillows that were v-m V* ' "V V V L and , ?Oi0 ° Pillow cases with three rows of hem- $2.25, $2.7.=;. $.3-75 and. .....$4.oO imitation shell nairlocks-each 5c, oc, 10c J HV
l\^\ The H. B. 2-cla>p lamb gloves are made made up to show how the different styles sheets— hemstitched with the new stitching— imitation shell empire combs— each 15c. *" u * ~ ? \i(Lr^.
•uY\ expressly for usJ They fit. They wear. They of pillow tops would look when finished, spoke stitch— ~ Size 50x36 i n .— each 32^c 2 5c, Soc, 75c. 85c to..... ..... ,$2.oO imitation shell hairpins— per dozen I2^c, >^YjV
vUlN hold their shape. They are made of care- They have served their purpose, and now bize, 80x90 inches, with one row Size 54x40^ in.— each.. 60c imitation shell lorgnettes— each 98c, $1.25, 20c to 4Sc &\
YJ> fully selected skins— and made right in every we want them out of the way quickly and of hemstitching— each. 9Oc Pillow cases with three rows of hem- $ x -50 and $2.00 imitation shell sidecombs— rhinestooe set- jr^7
jLyl particular. Black, white, cream and all offer them for a speedy eviction at 2 ? 90x90 inches, with one row ctitrhinir imitation shell side combs — per pair, 15c, tings — per pair 25c. Soc, 75c, $1.00 $1 as >*/V—
<Ty wanted colors, per pair $1-00 just half price. of hemstitching-cach 95c "itcn "S .. . _ 25c, 3 Sc, 50c and.'. 75c $1.50 and up to ......$2.Z§ Aft?
oMs • Size 90x90 inches, with two ze 4aMo in. — each rfoc *> , Y v •••'*' *•?* v/gJ\
,f) new arrivals proclaimed //// fnn f/ nn WPnr cute things for the little rows of hemstitching — each Size 50x36 in.— each.... 37j^c Santa Claus tipped us a '/£ nne i J Me ,~ «««V e brighten friendship end Vl%f
«V| by a holiday sale of IlinpullUII WVUl . rulers of the household. ; $i. lo Pillow cases with two rows of inser- wink and said: ¦ "gifts like SIIK 011(3 OreSS ffOOCfS strengthen tits of kinship.-
)//^ One of the most interesting spots in this big store is the corner devoted to the sale of Pillow cases to match above sheets- tion- We took his hint and fashionable fabrics for street, traveling, carriage, dinner* and U\?
%Sl 1 Sox 3 3 6 6 SniZeacn^Jir lze e^i!n n -e e aS:::57^c reception gowns. In the best of all the new weave, patterns and colors are here in abund. Wf
'f^Vy? merchandise. • . Hemstitched sheets with one row of Pillow cases with three rows of hem- ance " Easy to choose— easy to pay. "SV^7
ti\) . I l ?™tf l °Uh lS?- O?r nnV? cambnc - tnmmcd aroUnd %%* IZ^rh^ r ° WS of &t[tc^ ns and tW /° Ows ?- f fiS4^3 Black peau de soie-a heavy $1.50 fabric with a beautiful don- 4 W\
B<!f and cutfs with lace. Uur pnce • **>*- mg — each $1.45 Size l A in — each... 60c U i r *- c • u • 1 j ti t, 1 r t t • j s- /zM&b } \/\
W\l> &> Infants' faile silk bonnets in red, green and navy blue, edged — ! L 5 4 /2 eacn --- ble face satin fimsh-22 inches wide. T^he best value of its kind r _ M jtf§3 SKl
W /V% V with %vhite fur " Our Orice ' each ' 5 ° C UntU C/iristmas this store *M be open nights until 10 o'clock. Saturdays later. we cver you to becomc interested in. Fer yard s?a.vo > ' ' ///& S*Si
T/i ii^»i lit Infants' cream white embroidered silk caps, made with full lace ¦ • Fancy waist silks in the latest Paris hues and patterns — 19 / " J/(W
SlX J&Zi&LM' ruche, trimmed with ribbon and finished with silk strings, pur . ¦- >CCB^ inches wide.' Beautiful goods that never left the looms to sell for / SJ$!/il - ((fexJ
I ~ : -^/ f?O$&i I "^rf\ Infants 1 '^flannei sacques of pink and blue Cinderella flannel. J®Fffi/ d^Jz&ffi&a? *&£*£& =^^^&**^ a tailor-made gown— our price, per yard $1.5O «^«\
f/lk Uwjlr tW Made with white turn down collar and turn back cuffs. Ojir 0J^f J?MW J*- , I ¦ Black English crepons in the heavy puff designs that are now \Miwfflyrr
JlV ihi'ill I L ' \»\ \ price, each -.»tr Auml^SllP^L^^ 0OGJ> GOO1>^&0*^ to popular for full costumes and separate skirts— 42 inches wide. \y\i&y y V to^A\\
\\ <\«i I I \ ' I \\ * Infants' soft sole shoes, in black, white, tan, brown, red, blue _fiWBm'%B»mfflS;^^yg3 gsaMtJLaiM Ba»ag ; " a * J^ made to~sell for $2.25 a yard. Our price $1.OO f\\\^>^e"«^T^/'A 7v?T
l})vv / I I > 1 \l 1 and pink. Our price, per pair SOc '¦^ ! .''-- . ' ' » -o \-t 1 • 1 • -n 't"'t • • 1 •• . . < wvS-*"^^5*«?%*' I", a
HV J\i \\ \ ?n Ls' kid „««!» in pink. b,u 5 ,nd red. Our price^r Hmt. noar SM, oppovt, Goton Gat. annue. tiS^^^^^MMM^^^ WS^
. <\2iA *» aif " ¦ * " J all cable-cars on Market street pass Hale's * as a special holiday attraction, only • ; d5c v* s ' ru \ &^K
"THE CHEDIT HOUSH»*
Siac Stories Higfc*
- "':' i*jff — * ¦ ¦.-¦_'' ' • ~f ¦
• Happy is the woman who
has -a low, comfortabl e ? &
light rocker at haiid that
I This 1
1 Week's !
I Specials |
: Fancy Feathers, \
I Birds and |
! Feather Breasts :
I 50c I
j - Worth double and more. If £
Z your Fall hat looks a littla :
: worn or the feathers are dam- i
Z aged, this is a rare chance to ;
" renew them at a fraction of ;
* their former cost. A chance ;
• to make your hat as fresh as j
; ever. ;
i T- THe :
I JU& o arv =
- /lilliner^r Go =
v^.ioi.t»r.,Mit... mTrnrtS
Weekly Call, $l per Yea*