ENGINE AND FOUR CARS
GO THROUGH A BRIDGE
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17. — A Los Angeles Society of Ohioans, with seventy members,
was formed to-night to participate in the launching of the Ohio next spring. Louis P.
McCarthy of the Union Iron'Works was present and announced that President Mc
. Kinleyhad definitely promised to visit San Francisco for the ceremonies, which will take place
in April, the exact date to be determined at the President's convenience. :
A month ago the San Francisco Society -of Ohioans sent an invitation to President
McKinley asking him to attend the launching of the battleship. The invitation was upon a
gold plate. According to Louis P. McCarthy, who is working, under the direction of the Na
tional Republican Committee, absolute promises have been, made «by the President that if the
launching is delayed until April he will be present. This was agreed to. President McKinley,
in a personal letter, also agreed to be the guest of the San Francisco Society of Ohioans on
one night during this visit. The San Francisco society has arranged /to hold, a monster'-.;re
ception in Mechanics' Pavilion. The Los Angeles society, just organised, has also been prom
ised a visit from the President, -and at an early date will arrange for a fitting reception.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
o'clock in the morning, took the child
from beside its sleeping mother and left
the house. He was traced to Philadel
phia, but refused to return.
HUMORED BULLER WILL
SUCCEED LORD WOLSELEY
i LONDON. Oct. 18.— Under reserve the
Dally Express publishes a report that
General Sir Redvers Buller has been sum
moned from South Africa to succeed Lord
Wolseley as commander-ln-chlef, Lord
Roberts declining to accept the position
without a free hand.
PRESIDENT McKlNLEY WILL VISIT
SAN FRANCISCO IN APRIL NEXT
liery managers. This notice will be prac
tically similar to the Reading Company's
notice, . the phraseology only being
changed. I. look for a resumption of op
erations by Monday at the The
conference was entirely harmonious and
every phase of the strike situation was
gone over."
Just how soon the official order notify
ing the men that the strike is ended and
to return to work will be Issued by Presl-
PRESIDENT . TRUESDALE OF
THE DELAWARE AND LACK
AWANNA ROAD.
VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 17.— News Is
brought by the Empress of Japan that
four fathers of the Missions Etrangeres,
with their converts, defended Santaize,
Manchuria, for two months against Chi
nese regulars and Boxers before being re-
sians to Besieged Missions.
Sisters of Providence Guided Eus-
Nothing !s known here of any purpose
on the part of Russia to act Independently
of the other powers in dealing with China.
An official pointed out to-day that Russa
had Joined with France In submitting pro
rogate presented as a basis of negotiations
end that several weeks ago M. de Wollant,
In accordance with an instruction from
his Government, had specifically declared
the purposes of Russia in China, which
included "maintenance of a common
egreement among the powers; mainten
ance of the former state of organization
in China; removal of everything that
couid lead to the rartltlon of t.ie Celestial
tmplre, and the establishment with the
united powers of a legal central govern
nent at Peking, able alone to preserve
order and tranqulllty In the country." In
view of this declaration the authorities
are inclined to discredit all the report*
showing a policy different from what It
prescribes.
BEAVE WOMEN BROUGHT HELP.
Referring to prospective negotiations," a
European diplomat called attention to the
fact that It was rather anomalous to dis
cuss the terms of peace when military
operations were being conducted. It is
V.elleved here, however, that if all the
power* will consent to negotiations they
will de^m it politic to cease military oper
ations.
ITU TING FANG. WHO DENIES
THAT IMPERIAL EDICT WAS
FORGED.
ranea upon r>eoreinry Hay to-day and
handed him th*> note pettinp forth the
dispatch received from his Government.
The dispatch announced the acceptance
•with certain reservations of the French
proposals- and stated thru in view of the
general unanimity it was desirable that
there should bo no delay in commencing
repotiatior.s. Tbere If no doubt of the
acceptance of the new French proposal,
as the authorities bf-lir-ve that th«» begin
ning of negotiations 1* tho sur*~?t guaran
tee of peace and order in the sauthern
r,rnvtr(<«
dent Mitchell can only be conjectured. It
is believed here that no order to return
will be issued until a notice similar to or
in line with that of the Reading and Le
high companies Is posted at all the mines.
The Reading Company's notice reads:
"It hereby withdraws the notice posted
October 3, 1900, and to bring about practi
cal uniformity in the advance of wages in
the several coal regions gives notice that
It will suspend the operation of the slid
ing scale, will pay 10 per. cent. advance on
September wages until' April 1, 1901, and
thereafter ; untlf-: fui»her : notice will take
up with the mine employes any grievances
which they may have."
No formal announcement has yet be«n
made by the Lehigh Valley Reilroad Com
pany regarding Its Intentions, but after
the Reading Company's statement had
been rrjade public Vice President Garrett
of the Lehigh Valley said:
"Concerning our operations in the
Schuylkill region, you may say that the
action of our company will be similar to
that of the Reading Company. In other
districts, however, certain conditions ex
ist—for Instance, the price of powder —
which must be treated separately, and we
have not decided definitely with regard
to them. These matters are now in the
hands of Superintendent Lethrop, whose
headquarters are at Wllkesbarre."
Calvin Pardee & Co., extensive Individ
ual operators in the Hazleton district, late
thia afternoon announced that they will
post to-morrow notices similar to that of
the Reading Company. This undoubtedly
indicates what all the Individual operators
will do.
NEWS SPREADS RAPIDLY.
Strike Will Now Be Officially De
clared Off by the Miners.
HAZLETON. Pa., Oct. 17.— The news
from Philadelphia to-day that' the Phila
delphia and Reading Coal and Iron Com
pany after a conference with officials of
other mining companies had agreed to ihe
anthracite miners' proposition brought
forth many expressions of surprise that
It should come so soon after the conven
tion of Saturday last. President Mitchell
of the United Mine Workers, when in
formed of the Reading Company's action,
declined to say whether the union would
let the men return to work at the col
lieries where the operators had accepted
the miners' proposition before all the com
panies had fallen into line. It Is generally
believed that the big coal -carrying rail
ways that mine coal will quickly J follow
the Reading Company and grant accept
ance of the proposition and that all other
operators will do the same.
HONGKONG, Oct. 17.— Rebels are con
centrating in the district surrounding
Canton. An Important movement Is ex
pected within a week which- will either
smash the rebellion or give it new power.
The Chinese authorities urgently need re
inforcements. The whole movement is di
rected against the Government officials,
but the Chinese and native Christians are
fleeing from the region and are being rob
bed and 111 treated by bands of ruffians.
Facial Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub-
Urhinc Company.
CONCENTRATING NEAR CANTON
Rebels Prepare for Important Movs
Against Chinese Troops.
Small marauding banes have become
troublesome In the vicinity of the summer
palace and a punitive expedition Is being
organized to proceed against them.
PEKING, Oct. 17.— It is regarded as cer-
Bin that all the imperial edicts ordering
the punishment of high officials were
forged and were concocted with the Idea
of preventing all advances on Paoting-Fu.
Prince Ching and Earl LI Hung Chang
deny its authenticity.
Count von Waldersee is expected to ar
rive here soon.
Officials Declared Spurious.
Those Ordering Punishment of Higb
IMPERIAL EDICTS FORGED.
PEKING. Oct. 16 (via Tientsin, Oct. 17,
via Shanghai, Oct. 17). — Prince Ching and
Li Hung Chang have addressed a Joint
meeting of the envoys, fixing Friday next
for the time to discuss peace negotiations.
LONDON. Oct. 17.-The Chinese Minis
ter, Sir Chih Chen Lo Feng Luh. asserts
that peace negotiations have actually be
gun at Peking between the Chinese pleni
potentiaries and the representatives of
the powers In the Tsung 11 Yamen build
ings, which, he adds, have been feiven over
to the Chinese for that purpose.
Meet the Envoys.
Li Hung Chang and Prince Ching
NEGOTIATIONS AT PEKING.
The United States gunboat Marietta
from Swatow, arrived at Hongkong,
coaled and proceeded for Canton.
Admiral Ho, with the bulk of his forces,
left Samchun this morning in pursuit of
the rebels, leaving 250 troops to protect
Samchun and sending 200 to garrison the
mandarin station at Naotu, on the west
ern arm of Deep Bay.
HONGKONG, Oct. 17.— Advices from
Canton say it Is reported there that Sun
Yat Sen. the reformer, captured Huichow
last Monday. The Cantonese assert that
if Huichow. which resisted the Insurgents
In the Talning rebellion, falls thus, the
rebels will be able to take Canton within
a week.
Taken Huichow.
MAY CAPTURE CANTON.
Sun Yat Sen and His Rebels Have
brought by two Sisters of Providence, who
rode 250 miles to Vladivostok.
M. THIEBAUT, THE FRENCH
CHARGE D'AFFAIRES AT
WASHINGTON.
JOHN MITCHELL. WHO HAS
LED THE STRIKERS ON TO
VICTORY.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 17.— The
great strike of the anthracite
mine workers of Pennsylvania,
which began September 17, prac
tically ended to-day, when the
Philadelphia and Heading Coal and Iron
Company and the Lehigh Valley Coal
Company agreed to abolish the sliding
scale in their respective regions and to
grant an advance in wages of 10 per cent
net, the advance to remain in operation
until April 1. 1991. or thereafter. This ac
tion meets the demands of the Scranton
Miners' Convention. The decision was ar
rived at after a conference between rep
resentatives of the different coal opera
tors and the large coal carrying compa
nies. The conference began yesterday.
To-day's action was the culmination of
the recent meeting- of the individual op
erators at Scranton following the mine
workers' convention in the same city.
Nearly all the collieries in the coal region
had previous to the mine workers' con
vention posted the notices of-ihe advance
of 10 per cent. The mine workers, in con
sidering this, demanded that the sliding
scale in the Lehigh and Schuylkill dis
tricts be abolished, the Increase to be
guaranteed to April 1, 1901, and all other
differences to be submitted to arbitration
The individual operators agreed to every
thing and the appointment of a commit
tee to Induce the, Reading and Lehigh
companies to abolish the sliding scale and
make the wage increase permanent fol
lowed. It is conceded that the result of
to-day's conference is a complete victory
for the men. All the demands of their
convention are acceded to, and, as one of
the individual operators put it 'after the
conference, the operators go a. little fur
ther by agreeing to maintain the wage
advance after April 1. This same opera
tor, who requested that his name be not
used, said in speaking of the conference:
"It Is up to the miners now. "We have
agreed to everything and nothing remains
now but for them to return to work as
soon as the notices are posted by the col-
All the big companies and individual operators in the anthracite coal fields of Pennsylvania
have agreed to grant the demands of the Scranton convention, including anadvance of 10 per cent in
wages and the abolition of the Eliding scale. The big strike, which was inaugurated on the 17th ult., is
therefore practically ended, and the -workers are expected to resume their labors next Monday.
The first companies In the Hazleton dis
trict to take action similar to that of the
Reading Company were Galvin, Pardee
& Co., operating the Lattimer collieries,
and A. Pardee & Co.. owners of the Cran
berry mines, both of them individual con
cerns.
These companies will reduce the price
of powder from $2 75 to $1 50, which re
duction is to be considered In arriving at
a net increase in wages.
The news from Philadelphia spread
through the entire region with almost
lightning rapidity. Everywhere satisfac
tion was expressed by the striking miners
and others. It is believed that the strike
will be officially declared off. .this week
and that all the men will have a chance
to return to work on Monday.
SUSPECTED OF KILLING
HIS INFANT DAUGHTER
Harry H. Stewart, a Stenographer of
Cleveland, Arrested and Held
by New York Police.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Harry Howard
Stewart, 26 years old, of Cleveland, was
arrested here on a charge of murder.
Stewart left his wife and family in Cleve
land two weeks ago and came to New
York, supposedly bringing with him his
three-months-old girl baby. He was work
ing for the Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company as a stenographer.
Steward refused to make any statement.
He was remanded for forty-eight hours
In order to give tho Ohio authorities an
opportunity to send forward extradition
papersr
CLEVELAND. Oct. 17.-Stewart and tha
child . disappeared nearly two weeks . ago.
The- body of ; a.- three-months-old baby,
with its throat cut from ear to ear, was
taken from the lake Tuesday. The police
allege that it is that of the Stewart child.
Stewart and his wife lived with the lat
ter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. I. Wilson,
at SOS Superior street. A week ago Mon
day night Stewart arose between 1 and 2
UNITED STATES SENATOR R.
F. PETTIGREW OF SOUTH
DAKOTA.
NEW YORK STATE
WILL BE IN THE
McKINLEY COLUMN
Odell Figures Out a Plurality of
One Hundred Thousand for
the Republicans in the
Land of Tammany.
NEW YORK. Oct.' 17.-BenJamin B.
Odell Jr., secretary of the Re
publican State Committee and
candidate for the Governorship of
this State, believes that President
McKinley will be re-elected, and not only
that, but that President McKinley will
carry New York State by 100,000 plurality.
"I understand the Bryan meeting in
New York was a bit disappointing."
Mr. Odell said.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ernor. when he returned to his car and
discussed the matter with several friends.
"The rock was thrown by one of a num
ber of hoodlums and I saw him throw It.
It struck my head, but my hat prevented
it from wounding me. In the light of the
splendid reception Cleveland has given
me, the stone throwing is scarcely worth
remembering for a moment."
This was a day of triumph for Roose
velt In Ohio. To-night the. city of Cleve
land gave him a reception rivaling any
similar demonstration ever made here.
There was an Immense parade, consisting
of half a score of brass bands and dozens
of political organizations, Including many
which had come hither from other places
to do honor to the candidate for Vice
President. Superior street, the chief thor
oughfare through which the parade
passed, was ablaze with electric lights,
suspended In loops crosswise and length
wise from tall pillars surmounted by
flaming globes and decorated with ever
green. Along the brilliant course thou
sands of brilliant rockets and flambeaus
flared. The walks were thronged with
men, women and children, who drew so
near that the horses of the various mount
ed sections almost trampled upon them.
From the Union station, riding In a gor
geously decorated carriage drawn by four
white horses, in company with Governor
Nash ' and Senator Foraker. Governor
Roosevelt was escorted, while bands
played and cannon boomed salutes along
the route of the parade to a large tent on
Marcelllne avenue. Newburg, the Iron
working district, where he addressed a
large audience on the subject of prosper
ity. His speech was very brief, consisting
of part of that delivered bv him an hour
later at Central Armory, In Bond street.
Senator Foraker opened the meeting at
the armory, making a strong appeal In be
half of the Republican ticket, and at the
close of his address Governor Roosevelt
was introduced. Governor Roosevelt
pointed to the prevailing, prosperity, and
called attention to. the. non-fulfillment of
CHAIRMAN HANNA. WHO IS
MAKING A TOUR OF THE
BAD LANDS.
Mr. Bryan's prophecies of evil. Since
leaving Chicago last Wednesday morning.
Governor Roosevelt's train has traveled
1777 miles and has been handled on twenty
lines of road.
Making Personal Attacks on the Re-
PETTIGREW TRAILS HANNA.
publican Manager.
HURON, Si D., Oct. 17. — Senator Pettl
grew" will follow Senator Hanna's train
through South Dakota a day behind the
Republican manager. He began to-nJght
at Watertown, - Senator Hanna having
talked there last night, and will speak to
morrow at this place.
In ¦ his recent speeches Senator Pettl
grew has made personal attacks on Sena
tor Hanna." In some of the towns visited
by the Republican train to-day evidences
of a personal campaign were seen. At
Redfleld men distributed a circular con
taining an attack made on Hanna by Pet
tigrew in the Senate, in which he charged
that the Cramps Shipbuilding Company
contributed W0O.00O to the Republican
campaign fund four years ago. It also
charges that Senator Hanna bought his
way Into the Senate and offers proofs of,
the charge.
Senator Hanna has studiously avoided
referring .to Senator Pettlgrew In any
way, as the State and national leaders
have told him he might overreach hla
purpose by attacking his foe personally.
ANOTHER NOVEL BET MADE.
Santa Clara Man Takes Chances on
Towing Another Across Continent.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— John Thom
son'of Santa Clara.' Cal.. has applied for
a patent 'upon a rubber-tired cart-wagon.
He has made a bet with Arthur Turner
under the terms of which In case Bryan
Is elected Thomson Is to wheel Turner
from Tula're to Washington In time to
witness the Inauguration. Turner Is to
be seated in this cart with rubber-tired
wheels, which is to be attached to a bi
cycle, and Thomson is to pedal th© bicycle
across the continent
"How was that?" he was asked.
"In matter of numbers." he replied.
"But, then, that can be attributed to
the weather. I am surprised that Mr.
Bryan did not to.uch on the money ques
tion, for I cannot understand why'a can
didate should have' one platform for the
East and another for the West."
"What was your opinion of last night's
meeting?"
"It was a splendid affair," Mr. Odell
said, with a very satisfied smile. "Very;
but I think it Indicated that President
McKinley will carry New York State by
at least 100.000."
The Herald has made a poll of the fac
ulties of theseveral New England univer
sities and colleges to learn how the pro
fessors and Instructors will vote on No
vember 6 next. The result shows that there
is an overwhelming majority for McKin
ley. The total number polled was 32S—
for McKinley 271. for Bryan 20, for
"Woolley 2. undecided 3S, non-committal 26,
will not vote 21. j .
The total number of professors and In
structors in New England and Western
Institutions whose views were asked, and
their combined standing Is: Total number
polled, 1017; for McKinley, 756; for Bryan.
123; for Woolley. 23: undecided, 64; non
committal, 26; will not vote, 25.
? . •
ANSWERS MANY QUESTIONS.
Speaking in South Dakota.
Hanna Frequently Interrupted While
HURON. S.D.. .Oct. 17.— The special
train bearing Senators Hanna and Frye
traveled up and down through the coun
ties of Central South Dakota In the dis
tricts where the vote as a rule Js close and
where farmers compose a greater part of
the population. Fourteen stops, varying
In length from three minutes to an hour,
were made during the day. Senator Han
na'making speeches at Redfleld, North
ville. Groton. Andover. Bristol. Bradley,
Bryant, Lak'e Preston, Desmet, Elroy.
Iroquois. Aberdeen and Webster. A good
deal of spice was put into the speeches at
times by sharp questioning on the part
of the audiences, who desired to hear
about trusts and imperialism, and were
not slow to make their wishes known.
This was true especially at Aberdeen,
where Senator Hanna was constantly In
terrupted during his speech by questions
regarding various phases of the trust is
aue. Senator Hanna apparently enjoyed
these interruptions and invariably an
swered them. During the afternoon while
the train was running through a thlnly
populated part of the State and stops were
brief and Infrequent Senator Hanna spent
about half of his time - at the various sta
tions in shaking hands with the crowds,
who nearly dragged him from his car on
one occasion in the effort to shake hands
with him. At Webster he was visited In
his car by a delegation of Sioux Indians
from the Sissetcn. reservation. These In
dians are, all voters. The most Important
meeting of the day was held to-night at
Huron, where the train stopped for the
nlg-ht. and where both Senators Hanna
and Frye and Victor Dolllver made ad
dresses of considerable length.
ROOSEVELT STRUCK ON HEAD.
Hoodlum at Cleveland.
Governor the Target of a Young
CLEVELAND. Oct. 17.— At Newburg to
night a boy standing some distance away
threw a rock at* Governor . Roosevelt,
while the latter was leaving the tent In
company with National Commltteeman
Herrlckt of Ohio and others. The rock
struck the Governor on the head. Quick
ly the ' Governor's companions closed
around him and hustled him Into a pass
ing car. on which he was borne away.
"I was not hurt at all," said' the Gov-
s~*\ • IT "1**1 1 f\ i *
Companies and Individual Operators in
the Anthracite Regions Agree to
Grant Demands of the Men, Increase
Wages and Abolish the Sliding Seale.
A cablegram has been received from
Minister Conp^r. but was not made pub
lic. it is believed to refer to the general
situation. Minister Wu discredits all re
ports that the Imperial Government is not
acting 5qu.are.ly. Advices received by this
Government from its officials In Ch'na
phow the danger of expeditions such as
that which Is now nearing Paotlng-Fu.
and the authorities strongly deprecate
them.
M. Thiebaut, French Charge d'Affalres.
The action of certain of the allies in pro
ceeding: to Paoting-Fu has nearly given
rise to much suspicion that there is no
disorder there and the expedition was
wholly unnecessary.
After the Secretary had communicated
Wltb the White House the Minister went
in his locomobile to the Executive Man
sion and personally handed the Imperial
mcspRpe to Mr. MeKinley. The President
Informed Minister Wu that he would
make arrangemtnts very shortly. Offi
cials are disinclined to discuss the con
tents of the Emperor's messape. hut It is
known that Kwanc Hsu thanks the Presi
dent for the policy pursued by the United
States and urgis action which will result
in early peace.
President MeKinley in the inter
est of the prompt br-p!r.nlr.g of peace
negotiations. AH the powers having ac
cepted with some reservations the pro
posals made by Franco, the Paris Govern
ment has proposed that peace negotia
tions be immediately initiated. Th^ee are
developments to-day In the Chinese situ
ation. Wn Tinp Fang, the Chinese Min
ister, appeared at the State Department
to-day ar.d informed Secretary Hay that
he had received a cablegram containing a
communication from the Chinese Em
peror to the President of the United
States, dated October 14 at Tungkuan. on
the road to Sinan-Fu.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON'
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.
— Kwan? Hsu. Krnperor of China,
has artfiT-r s«o/1 nrnthpr .iTinf>aI to
Heved by Russians. The'.r unfortunate
villape of only about 1109 people had about
COO cannon balls and 15.000 cartridges flred
into it. Vet they lost only twenty dead
and seventeen wounded, mostly women
and children. The village was destroyed
and the church wrecked. The attacking
force had 160 soldiers killed and seventy
wounded. The Christians had but fifty
grur.s among them, and they were for the
most part Chinese guns. Relief was
Kwang Hsu Sends a Message to
President MeKinley Asking
for, Beginning of Peaes
Negotiations.
CHINA'S EMPEROR
AGAIN APPEALS TO
THE UNITED STATES
COAL MINE WORKERS
WIN THEIR BIG STRIKE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. 140.
PRESIDENT HARRIS OF THE
READING. IN WHOSE OFFICE
AGREEMENT REACHED.
Engineer and Fireman Killed in a
Wreck on the Southern Pacific
Near El Paso.
DENVER, Oct. 17.— A. Special, to the
News from El Paso, Tex., says: A fatal
wreck occurred on the Southern Pacific
to-day sixty miles east of this city. A
bridge pave away as a westbound freight
train was passing ever it and the engine
anfl four of the cars went down.
Engineer John Schaffer and Fireman W.
B. Eidson were killed. Recent heavy
rains had weakened the foundations of the
bridge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.New Ocean Greyhound.
The famous Deutschland cost $3.332, 000; dis
placement 23.330 tons: accommodation 1C37 pas
secfers; crew 525. It has established a new
record for ocean steamers. Among; the great
remedies of v the world Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters holds' the record with Its fifty years of
cures of constipation, indigestion and bilious
ness. It rets at the root of the disease and
effects a cure. " Tho genuine has our Prlvat*
Revenue Stamp over the neck of the bottle.
Wilhelmina's Betrothal Announced.
THE HAGUE, Oct. 17.— The announce
ment of the betrothal of Queen Wilhel
mina to the Duke of Mecklenburg-
Schwerin in the Second Chamber of the
Netherlands Parliament to-day was greet
ed with cheers. The House charged the
President to transmit to the Queen Its
congratulations and thanks for communi
cating the glad event, which was of tho
highest importance to the dynasty and
country. . ¦
Checker Tournament.
BOSTON, Oct. 17.-Barker and Jordan
fought through two more drawn games In
the.- third day. of their , championship
checker match to-day. '
Bryan Again Notified.
LINCOLN. Neb., Oct. 17.— A letter noti
fying William J. Bryan of his nomination
by, tf»e Silver Republican convention has
been' in his possession for some time and
his answer is expected to-morrow.
Those who are fond of traveling (and who is
not) will hall with delight the news of a direct
Fteamrhlp rout* to Tahiti. This charming land
has uptll now i^n accessible only by slow
sailing vessels, but on November 1st the popu
lar 'steamship Australia will sail direct, mak
ing, the trip in-10H day*. A. reduced round
trip rate has been made for the first trip. Call
at 643 Market street tor tailing; list. •
Papeete the Beautiful.
Wood Sails for Washington.
HAVANA. Oct. 17.— Governor General
"Wood sailed for the United States by the
Ward liner Yucatan. He will go direct to
Washington. Just before leaving he
signed an order authorizing the establish
ment of twenty-two additional public
schools in the province of Havana.
There were two cases of yellow fever on
the revenue cutter Baracoa now In Hav
ana harbor. General Maximo Gomez is ill
at Calabazar.
Plenty of* Gold There.
LONDON. Oct. 17.— Sir Frederick Mitch
ell Hodgson, Governor and commander-ln
chlef of the Gold Coast Colony, at a ban
quet given In his honor. In London this
evening 1 , said he would venture to assert
that the Gold Coast would one day rise to
Its name and be known as one of the larg
est gold-producing countries In tho world.
WOULD REORGANIZE
ENTIRE SPANISH ARMY
General Linares Names the Terms on
Which He Will Accept Portfolio
of Secretary of War.
MADRID, Oct.- 17. —General Linares, to
whom the Premier, Senor Sllvela, has of
fered the portfolio of war, stipulates as a
condition of acceptance that he shall have
perfect freedom to introduce ¦ sweeping
military reforms and to reorganize tho
entire army.
He also stipulates that his method of
reaching these ends must rest solely with
himself.
Senor Sllvela, it "is understood, has ac
cepted these conditions and the nomina
tion of General'Llnarea is therefore prac
tically assured.
Hawaiian Census.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— The Census
Bureau expects to be able to announce
the population of Alaska and the Ha
waiian Islands early next week. The
count in. Alaska ts all in except a small
section of the southern part, - inhabited
chiefly by Indians. •
• :
Airship a Success.
FWEDRICHSHAFEN, Oct. 17.— Count
Zeppelin's airship ascended this afternoon,
was ' steered against the wind and put
successfully through various maneuvers.
It was then sailed in the direction of Im
menstadt.. The King: and Queen of. Wur
temburs witnessed the trial.
DOWIEITES PERSIST TN
VISITING MANSFIELD
One of Their Number Is Now in Jail
and a Hob Threatens to Tar
and Feather Him.
MANSFIELD. Ohio, Oct. 17.-The Dow
leitos are determined to thwart the efforts
to keep them out of this city, and the
results may be serious. About three have
been deported every day ¦ Sunday.
Three are known to bo hiding here now
and have been holding secret services.
Elder Williams of Benton Harbor, Mich.,
who was sent out of town Monday, rode
in to-day on a bicycle and gave tho police
a lively chase before they captured him.
They sent him .away on a train, but he
said he would return every day, as he
had been ordered to do so.
Deacon Homer Kesler of Chicago, Dow
le's advertising manager, came in to-day
and went to the courthouse to file his
papers. The police took him to the rail
road station, and there he waa rescued
by three Deputy Sheriffs with a writ of
habeas corpus. The deputies started for
the Jail with the elder and a crowd fol
lowed, throwing stones and clubs. Dep
uty Sheriffs Bell and Besler were struck
by stones and severely Injured. They
reached th© jail and Kesler was locked
up and several deputies were placed, on
guard. The crowd Is collecting around
the jail and other crowds with tar and
feathers are scouring .the city for- the
hidden elders: ; ..... ; ' .
•WASHINGTON'. Oct. 17.— In his annual
report Engineer-In-Chief Melville urges an
appropriation of $1,000,000 for a GOOO-ton re
pair ship on the plan of the Vulcan, but
Improved in detail. The force of engineer
inspectors is said to be entirely insuffi
cient and it is suggested that some of the
younger line officers might be detailed
to this duty with much benefit to them
selves as well as to the service.
The englneer-In-chiaf makes a strong
argument against the proposed consolida
tion of naval bureaus, pointing out tha*
in every large shipbuilding plant the bu
reau system prevails, to a more complete
separation of the special branches of
work than is practiced In the navy. Ships
of war are of such construction, in his
opinion, that It would not be safe to trust
their design to any one man, with tho
prospect of his carrying out thereon his
particular fads or experiments. There
tore, he argues, the members of the
present Board of Construction are neces
sary advisers to the Secretary of the
Navy and he asks the Secretary to with
draw the recommendation made by him
to the last Congress for a consolidation.
The cngineer-in-cnief expresses the
opinion that the personnel bill was either
a mistake or the proper course has not
been taken to carry out its Intent.
The condition' of the steam engi
neering interests of the navy is
Bald to b© even less satisfactory
than last year and It is urged
that In no other way can relief be ob
tained than by the immediate assignment
to duty, as understudies and assistants to
the experienced engineers In the navy the
younger line officers in as great numbers
as consistent with other duty. It Uj
claimed that success already has attended
the assignment of line officers to such
duties and that the practice should be ex
tended. As a matter of fact there are
now available 100 less engineer officers
than Just prior to the passage of the per
sonnel bill, which act was Intended to in
crease their numbers. •- .;,.••£ ¦•-¦
The suggestion Is made that naval
cadets be trained In engineering aboard
the Cincinnati or the Raleigh after these
vessels are thoroughly modernized. A con
siderable increase is wanted in the num
ber Of warrant machinists who have given
general satisfaction. The estimates for
the various navy yards and stations are
as follows: " ' ¦
New York. #56.523: Norfolk, $434,956; Bos
ton, $276,323; Mare Island, $352,525; League
Island. $161,457; Portsmouth. $13,812; Port
Royal, $9SS4; Washington. D. C. $34,847;
Pensacola. $5549; Key. West. $22,663; New
port, $9379; Bremerton, $9502.
An appropriation is asked for a machine
chop foundry and smithy at Honolulu,
though no special estimate Is submitted.
Recommendations of the
Engineer-in- Chief in
His Report.
MELVILLE WANTS
NEW REPAIR SHIP
BERLIN, Oct. 17.-The Kolnlsche Zei
tung asserts that Prince Hohenlohe has
tendered his resignation as Imperial
Chancellor, and it has been accepted.
According to the same authority Em
peror William has designated as the retir
ing Chancellor's successor Count von
Bulow, Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Although rumors had been current for
several days that Prince Hohenlohe in
tended to retire, little credence was given
to any of them, since such reports had
returned periodically for several years
past.
The fact is that neither the Foreign
Ornce nor any other Government depart
ment in Berlin knew until this evening of
Prince Hohenlohe's retirement and Em
peror William's, approval of It. The rea
sons which induced the Prince to insist
upon retiring were, in the main, his rapldly
growing Infirmities and his distinct disap
proval of the Emperor's personal policy in
China. To his intimate friends Prince
Hohenlohe, during the last three months,
has repeatedly expressed strong criti
cisms upon what he has called the
"Kaiser's sentimental and impulsive In
terference In the troubles In China."
The Kolnlsche Zeitung asserts that
Count von Bulow has also been appointed
Prussian Minister and Foreign Minister.
Xothing Is known positively about Prince
Hohenlohe's successor, although general,
credence Is given to the assertions of the
Kolnische Zeitung respecting Count von
Bulow. The Berliner Tageblatt mentions
Prince Eulenberg, German Embassador
at Vienna, Prince Hohenlohe Langen
burg. the stadtholder at Straesburg, and
Duke Trechenberg as possible successors
of the Chancellorship. Count Hatzfeldt,
German Embassador in London, is also
named. It is suggested that If Count von
Bulow become Chancellor Prince Eulen
berg might be assigned to the Foreign
Office.
Prince Was Opposed to the
Kaiser's Attitude on the
Chinese Question.
RESIGNATION
OF HOHENLOHE
AGED JOHN SHERMAN
IS DANGEROUSLY ILL
Suffering -From a General Collapse
Due to Old Age and His Recent -
. ¦ ;_¦ Serious Illness.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.— John Sherman
Is dangerously 111 at his residence on K
street in this city. The attack has taken
the form of a general collapse, in part
due to the general debility incident to ol 1
asffc and to the effects of the serious Illness
from which he suffered while on a trip to
the West Indies two years ago. He has
never fully recovered from that illness.
Mrs. Sherman's death during the summer
at the old homestead at MansfVld. Ohio,
also had Its effect on the venerable states
man, who deeply mourned her loss.
Mr. Sherman returned to "Washington
several weeks ago from Mansfield, and
since that time has .been living in the
family residence here. He waa then in
feeble health, but was able to take daiiv
drives about the city. For the past week,
however, he has been gradually frrowipj:
worse and weaker, and yesterday and to
day his condition becoming serious, rela
tives in various parts of the country wer.<
notified of the change. Some of them
are expected to come to the city. There
Is said to be no Immediate danger of death
and It is possible he may rally If no fur
ther unfavorable symptoms occur.
The ex-Secretary is in his seventy
eighth year.
Killed a Burglar.
WILKESBARRE. Pa.. Oct. 17.— Johr
Hughes, Postmaster at Cambra. neai
here, shot and killed one of two burglar;
who broke into his office tbia morr.injr
AVhen Hughes fired they ran. Later th<
dead body of one was found by the road
side. His identity is unknown.
WARNED BY BANDITS TO
LEAVE THE COUNTRY
Two Wyoming Stockmen May Share
the Fate of Rash and
Dart.
CHETEXXE, 'Wyo.. Oct. 17.— Testerday
the following note was found pinned to
the cabin of Isham Dart, the wealthy
Etockman of Browns Park, south of Raw
lins, "tt'yo., who was shot from ambusn
lest week:
Joe Etevercort and John Baesetta, it's youi
turn next, ar.d i::ile£! both of you get out of
the country within sixty day« you will meet
the came fate as Matt Ra.sb and Isham Dart.
The note, written in a rough hand, was
not signed, but was tacked up where it
could be seen plainly. Davenport and
BassettB say they will not leave the coun
try, but will remain and run down the
murderer of Rash and Dart and the
author of the warning note.
Browns Park Is the hiding place of one
of the boldest bands of outlaws that in
fest the Rocky Mountains and it is be
lieved the gar.g has set out to kill ail
of the weluto-do residents of the place
Rash and Dart were both shot from am
bush and the same kind of a bullet evi
dently from the Fame rifle, killed both
men- The authorities are powerless to
prevent the outlawry and unless the men
warned leave the country more murders
will doubtless soon be committed in
Browns Park.
BRYAN'S NEW YOBK TOUR.
Makes Speeches to People Represent
ing Many Classes.
ALBANY. X. T. t Oct. 17. -William Jen
nings Bryan ran around two Fides of a
triangle to-day from Hudson to Albanv,
Inclusive, and probably tpoke to as cos
mopolitan a lot cf people as he has ad
dressed during the campaign. At Hud
eon be epoke to a (fathering of business
people of ail claspep; at Troy to a crowd
ed opera-house and at an overflow meet
ing of collar factory and laundry em
ployes: at Mechanicsville to railroad peo
ple; at Cahoes to the mass of employes
of the cotton and woolen mills, and at
Albany to two immense meetings, onC'in
the opera-house and one outside, com
posed of the best element of the cilv
The great meetings of this trip were hell
et Troy, the home of ex-Senator Murphy
and Albany, the homo of ex-Senator Hill'
Mr.' Hill Is absent In the West. At both
Troy and Albany the meetings were phe
nomenally large and enthusiastic im
mense overflows having to be held to ac
commodate those who desired to see aiid
bear Mr. Bryan.
OPEBA COMPANY TO
SAIL FOB, SAN FBANCISCO
Was Recruited by Grau'a Representa
tive and Will Be the Largest to
Xeave England.
Fpecial Cable to The Call and New Tori Hrr
aid. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON'. Oct. IS.— Fred Lathom. Eng
lish representative of Maurice Grau, has
arranged for an opera company number
ing 2W persons to leave Southampton for
Now lork on Saturday. Thin comnanv
which is mainly recruited from Covent
Garden, is the largest operatic troupe that
ever left Uhls country. On arriving in
New York they will proceed at once to
Ean Francisco on a special train
POLICE ARREST AN
ITALIAN SUSPECT
Known to Have Been a Friend of the
Assassins of President Carnot
and King Humbert.
Epeclal Cable to The Call and Xew York Her
eM.. Copyright, 1S0O. by the Herald Pub
llsblas Company.
RIO JANEIRO, Oct. 17.— The police ar
rested to-day an Italian named Angel Ma
nettl, who is known as a friend of Ca«e
rlo. who assassinated President Carnot of
France, and of Bresci, who killed King
Humbert of Italy. Manettl. It Is charged
was plotting to take the life of President
Campos Salles of Brazil,
There was one new case of plague yes
terday. One death occurred.
Victory for Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 17.— Pittsburg played
ball In.' oldtime form and did not leave
Brooklyn a leg: to stand on. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pitteburjr 10 IS 1
Erooklyn 0 '6 - -3
BattPrlee— Phillppl and Zlmsxr; Hotrell and
SfcOulre. Umpire* — Hurst and Swartwood.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— Albert T. Patrick
and Charles K. Jones, counsel and servant
for William M. Rice, were again before
Magistrate Brann to-day for the contin
uation of the examination of the charge
of having forged the signature to a check
for $25,000 drawn on the banking firm of
Swenson & Sons.
Assistant District Attorney Osborne
brought up the affidavit of Walter O.
Wetherbee, a clerk of Swenson & Sons.
In the affidavit Mr. Wetherbee recount3
the details of a conversation he had with
Charles P. Jones last January. At that
time, the affidavit reports, Jones proposed
a scheme for making away with the es
tate of Mr. Rice. After a lengthy argu
ment between counsel. Magistrate Brann
said he would admit the evidence. Weth
erbee said that in January last he saw
Jones by appointment at Rice's house and
met him by appointment a second time
at his (Wetherbee's) house In Brooklyn,
at which time Jones told him that Rice
accused witness of stealing a $1000 bond..
Jones then said to witness: "I have a
proposition to make to you. Do you
know that I have old man Rice's will?"
Witness replied that he did not know
the contents of the will, but that he saw
Rice sign it. Jones told witness certain
portions of the will. He said witness was
one of the trustees and that the will pro
vided for a bequest of $&),000 to Fred A.
Rice and his wife of Texas, the residue to
go to William M. Rice Jr. Jones also
named the executors, and said if wit
ness would consent to a second will he
could put witness In. Jones wanted wit
ness to substitute himself In the new will
for Judge Bartine. one of the executors
of the old will. Jones said Rice was at
times "Dopey," and that he could get him
to sign any paper he wanted to. Jones,
the witness testified, promised to divide
with him if he did as suggested regarding
the drafting of a second will.
"Witness said he had made an affidavit
on March 21. which is in substance what
he related to-day. On cross-examination
by Mr. House, the witness said he did not
object to- Jones' proposition at the time it
was made, nor did he tell Mr. Rice about
It. because he was acting under the advice
of counsel. But when Jones asked witness
to draw up another will and make Mr. Co
hen of Texas an executor and substitute
his name for that of Judge Bartine wit
ness told Jones he was not In that kind
of business.
"Did Jones intimate to you that he
would forge the old man's name to any
paper?" asked House.
"No; he said that when Rice came out
of his 'dopey' condition he could slip a
paper under his hand and he would
sign it."
Mr. Wetherbee was still on the witness
stand "when the hearing was suspended
for the day.
Relates on the Witness Stand Several
Conversations Held With the '
Valet of the Deceased
Millionaire.
Welherbee Gives Damaging
Testimony Against
Jones.
SAID RICE WAS
IN HIS POWER
LONDON, Oct. 17.— At the meeting of
the Chartered Bank of India, Australia
and China to-day the president referred
to the bank's important interests in the
Philippines and said he viewed with
equanimity the transfer of the islands to
the United States, as he anticipated "An
glo-Saxon vigor would create a strong
government, crush the rebellion and foster
commerce."
Referring to the Indian currency, the
president said the problem was still un
solved. He added that although the de
sired steadiness in exchange was fairly
maintained the supply of rupees, in. the
absence of internal demand for y gold,
proved insufficient and the authorities
were compelled to purchase nearly four
million sterling worth of bar silver during
the current year In order to increase the
circulation. The profit on this would yield
the Government a surplus of a million
and a half. But whether such an ad
dition to the revenue was desirable, from
an economic standpoint, was debatable.
"Financiers in London, who have
watched the gold movements in the
United States with keen interest, not un
mixed with anxiety," he continued, "were
convinced that no more gold was likely
to be drawn from England. It was cal
culated here that seventeen and a half
millions of dollars in gold had gone or
was going to the United States. The last
of this amount was coming from Austra
lia next week. London bankers, basing
their theory on America's legal reserve
of 25 per cent, say the gold in or on its
way to America should enable all the im
mediate requirements to be met, and
should more gold be needed the Bank of.
France is ready to ship to the United
States. But it Is not believed the Bank of
France will be asked for any large
amounts. ' These caJculations"are responsi
ble for the drop in London discount and
the talk of a decreased bank rate. At the
same time the authorities seem to believe
that the balance of trade will remain in
America's favor, but that It will not be
drawn In gold sterling bills, perhaps
stocks being taken instead of specie."
' The president admitted that the "profes
sional element in Europe has so unloaded
itself of American securities that It can
not meet large obligations, as It used to,
by the return of American stocks.
"The gold now on its way from South
Africa to New York," the president fur
ther remarked, "does not come from any
secret hoard, but represents soldiers' sav
ings and expenditures, for which five mil
lions In gold have been sent from England
and the major part of which Is likely to
seek circulation in other parts of the
world." .... ». ¦
English Bankers View With Pleas
ure the Transfer of the Philip
pine Islands to the
United States.
Money Now Coming to New
York Represents Sol
diers' Savings.
SOURCE OF GOLD
IN SOUTH AFRICA
Operation Will Be Performed on the
BULLET LOCATED IN
FERGUSON'S SPINE
Famous Starter Which May Af
ford Permanent Relief.'
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 17.-Mary L.
Pence, professor of physics at the Ken
tucky State College, has located the bul
let in the spinal column of James B. Fer
guson, the noted starter of race horses,
and an operation to remove the missile
that has rendered the life of the famous
starter almost unbearable during the sum
mer will be performed in a few days by
Dr. Archibald Barkley, assisted by other
surgeons. Professor Pence took a num
ber of shadowgraphs before success
crowned her efforts, the first plates show
ing no trace of the bullet.
The plate which has, just been perfected
shows two distinct portion's located in tho
spinal-column an. inch and a. half apart.
The particles are two divisions of a bullet
fired into the back of Starter Ferguson
twenty years ago by Captain James May
during a difficulty on Main street here.
Ferguson for years felt no ill effects from
the bullet, but recently he became almost
paralyzed while starting horses in Cali
fornia and was attended by the best phy
sicians who failed utterly to locate the
cause of his trouble.
RANKS OF STRIKING
LIGHTERMEN AUGMENTED
Hundreds of Barges of Provisions
and Merchandise Remain Un
loaded, Blocking Traffic
on the Thames.
LONDON. Oct. 17.— An additional 300
lightermen joined the 1500 now on strike
to-day. There does not seem to be any
prospect of the trouble being arbitrated.
The congestion of boats is now more seri
ous. Hundreds of barges of provisions
and merchandise remain unloaded. block-
Ing traffic seriously and affecting the mer
chants who are awaiting the goods. The
strikers will be. materially assisted by the
action of a leading merchant who dis
approved of the stand taken by the Em
ployers' Association. He has made a deal
direct with the men's union and hereafter
will do his own lighterage.
This evening a formal manifesto was is
sued by the Lightermen's Society calling
out the remainder of the men. and it is
probable that by the end of the week all
the Thames lightermen will have struck.
EFFORTS TO RELEASE
CARTER FROM PRISON
Brother of the ex-Captain of Engin-
eers Applies for a "Writ of
Habaes Corpus. -
LEAVENWORTIi: Kans>., Oct. 17.-A
habeas corpus to release Oberlln M. Car
ter, ex-captain of engineers, from trie
Federal penitentiary at Fort Leaven
¦worth, was filed in the United States
court here to-day. The suit was filed by
Staton Carter, a br.other of the "prisoner,
as the petitioner and was made out re
turnable against Warden McClaughrey of
the Federal penitentiary. Judge Hook set
October 26 as the date for hearing on the
application and announced that Judge
Thayer of St. Louis would probably be
here to sit with him.
Since his incarceration, several months
ago, Captain Carter's brother and uncle
have visited him on more than one occa
sion, and, It is said. In behalf of securing
his release. Carter recently mortgaged
his New York property In order to raise
funds to fight the caso In the courts.
RUMORED REMARRIAGE*
OF EMPRESS FREDERICK
Said to Have Been United to Baron
Seckendorff in England Last
April.
BERLIN, Oct. 17.— The report that Dow
ager Empress Frederick .was married last
April to Baron Seckendorff, who was Hof
melster under Emperor Frederick, ' al
though widely circulated abroad, had al
ways been strenuously denied here until
the present crisis in her disease.
Now. however, it is being circulated and
accepted, together with a number of
fresh details, such as that the marriage
occurred in England. It is said that the
principal malady of the Dowager Empress
is cancer of the kidneys. According to the
latest bulletins she Is somewhat better
but a fatal result is generally expected
by the public.
STOCKHOLM, Oct. 17.— At to-day's session of the Council of State it was
decided to entrust the government of the country to Crown Prince Gus
tavus during the illness of King Oscar.
The Crown Prince and Crown Princess and their eldest son, Gustavu3.
start Friday for Christianla, where the Crown Prince will open the
Storthing and take the oath before the house.
King Oscar passed a quiet night, but docs not gain strength.
LEXINGTON. Va., Oct. 17.— William L. Wilson, president of Washington
and Lee University and ex-Postmaster General, died suddenly at 9:30
o'clock this morning from congestion of the lungs. He has been failing
ever since his return from Arizona, His son. Dr. Arthur Wilson of
Lynchburg. visited nim Sunday and left Monday. Then came the sud
den change. Mr. Wilson's attending physician did not give up hope of his rally-
Ing until late last night. Mr. Wilson was confined to the house from Tuesday
a week ago, but was thought to be improved when his son left him. Ho waa
conscious until the last. By his bedside were his wife, his daughters Misses
Mary and Bettie Wilson, and one son. William H. Wilson.
Mr. Wilson's funeral will occur at Charlestown, Jefferson County, W. Va
Friday morning at 10 o'clock. The remains will leave Lexington that morning
over tho Baltimore and Ohio at 4 o'clock, accompanied by the family, Harry
St. George Tucker, chairman of the faculty of professors; committees' of the
faculty and board of trustees, and a committee of twelve students. .Services will
be held to-morrow afternoon In Lee Memorial Chapel at the university All
duties were suspended to-day in the university. The remains are now lying in
state at the president's home.
William Lyne Wilson was born in Jefferson County, Virginia, May 3, 1S43 He
attended the Charlestown. Va.. academy, and was graduated from Columbia
University in 1S60. Later he attended other leading educational institutions, se
curing the LL.D. degree. He was married Aupust 6. 1S6S, to Nannie Hunting
ton, daughter of Rev. Dr. A. J. Huntington, dean of Columbia University, D.
C. Mr. Wilson was professor of Latin In Columbia University and later prac
ticed law from 1S71 to 1582. He was a member of Congress from 18S3 to 1S9J and
as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee he drew up the famous Wilson
tariff bill. In 1S92 he was chairman of the National Democratic Convention
Three years later he was appointed Postmaster General, which position he held
until 1S37, when he became president of Washington and Lee University. He
was also a regent of the Smithsonian Institution. * . ..
THE LATE WILLIAM LYNE WILSON. FORMER CONGRESSMAN, POST
MASTER GENERAL, JURIST AND NOTED EDUCATOR. WHO DIED
SUDDENLY AT LEXINGTON. VA., YESTERDAY MORNING.
CROWN PRINCE GUSTAVUS OF NORWAY AND SWEDEN, WHO HAS
BEEN APPOINTED REGENT BY THE COUNCIL OF STATE OWING
TO KING OSCAR'S ILLNESS.
CALL. BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. IT.-In re
sponse to an instruction from the State
Department, made at the instance of a
resident of California. Consul Greener at
Vladivostok has forwarded a report on
the fruit market in Siberia.
Siberians, as a rule, he says, are not
great consumers of lemons, nor do they
use them in tea as much as may be iii£
custom in Central Russia, cream having
come into general use by the importation
of condensed milk from the United States.
France and Switzerland.
Most of the lemons, raisins, figs, honey,
olives, olive oil, oranges and nuts im
ported come from Europe via Odessa. All
of these are brought by steamer, usually
carefully packed, and at a. cheaper rate
than could be given by Pacific Coa?t raer»
chants.
California products have already been
introduced, says Consul Greener, by sev
cr*J of the larger Jlrms, especially the
canned fruits, which are in great favor.
There seems to be a preference for our
foods of this character; but high freights,
delays In receipt of goods and bred pack
ing have done much to injure American
trace.
Several persons have been here within
the last two years looking for openings
for California fruit; but after examining
the field they seem not to have considerel
the outlook favorable.
Some lemor.s arid raisins come from the
United States. Xlg-s and olives from Italy
and France and a little honey from Rus
sia, ¦while wines come from Russia and
orarpes and nuts from China <.Cheiu»
and Japan. No fruit from China. Japan
or Manchuria compares with that culti
vated in the I'nitcd Statos, and if it
were possible to put our leading fruits
into this market I believe it would prove
to he not only a blessing to the people but
a commercial success. But all depend? on
low rate* of freight. <ju:ck transit and
proper packl:is;.
Th<» principal trade markets of Siberia,
are Vladivostok, the southern terminus of
the I'ssurl Railway line, 475 miles from
Habarofsk, the n^rthr-rn terminus and the
capital of the Amur province, situate.! at
the Junction of the Amur and Sungarl
rivers. N'ikolaefsk. the first principal
town in Eastern Siberia, is reached from
Vladivostok either by pea or by the Amur
River. Between Habarofsk and Vladivo-
Ftok is the important town of Xikolksk-
Ussuri. the eastern end of the new Si
berian line. Blasrovestchensk. the most
Important Inland town of Eastern Siberia
ip about half way between Habarofsk and
Stretensk, a *rood thousand miles from
Habarofsk. There is a larce business
community here and American poods are
widely used. From Vladivostok to Xiko
laefsk Is from five to ten days" sail; from
Vladivostok to Nikolksk-l'ssuri about
four hours by rail; from Vladivostok to
Habarcffk. tome thirty hours: from Ha
barof.sk. by steamer, to BlaRovestchensk,
from five to ten days, according to the
condition of the river. Transportation fa
cilities are good. There are two lines of
Eieamers In times of peace.
The communication between Port Ar
thur and Vladivostok will not be delayed
even under the present circumstances
later than the spring of 1902.
However, Done Much to
Injure the Trade.
High. Freights, Delays in Receipt of
Goods and Bad Packing Have,
Ready Market Pound, Es
pecially for Canned
Goods.
SIBERIANS FAVOR
CALIFORNIA FRUIT
Commissioners Are Now
Preparing a Report for
Congress. \
While No Definite Decision Has Been
R3 ached, the Nicaragua Route
Seems to Be the Most \
Favored.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.-The
Isthmian Canal Commission is a^ work
on its report, but it is evident' that it will
llnd it Impossible to do more than submit
a" preliminary statement to Congress
when Lhe session begins. This report will
present facts and figures referring to both
t the Panama canal and Nicaragua routes.
JA vote has not been taken by the com
j mission as to which it will recommend,
i nor will a decision be reached until fur-
I ther information has been received re-
I garding both projects.
M. Hutin, president of the Panama Ca
nal Company, arrived in Washington to
day and paid his respects to the commis
sion. He came to Washington in com
pliance with the request of Rear Admiral
Walker and will stay as long as business
engagements will permit, when he wiH re
turn to Paris. He will come back to
Washington during the session of Con
! gress. Notwithstanding the fact that the
commission has not taken a vote as to the
1 route, it is apparent from the trend of its
i investigations that it favors the Nicara
gua waterway. Because of the dimensions
and displacement of modern steamships it
has been determined that a canal thirty
! feet deep would l5o too small, and the com-
I mission is preparing estimates on a canal
I which shall be thirty-rive feet in depth
i and have a minimum width of 159 feet,
i On the thirty-foot canal the majority of
the first Walker commission estimated
the cost at about $123,000,000. The increase
in depth and width projected will necessar
ily make the projected canal more expen
sive. Borings are being made to ascertain
if the increased excavation necessary will
require the removal of rock or soft dirt.
The advocates of the Nicaragua canal are
getting considerable comfort out of the
tact that the examination of the route
recommended by the first Walker com
mission has, except in a few instances,
shown its entire practicability. Engineer
ing parties sent out by the Isthmian Com
mission have gone over every foot of the
route. They have recommended that the
sites of several locks be slightly changed
and the commission will adopt their rec
ommendation. The general Impression
seems to be that the commission will fa
vor the Walker route provided that bor
ings being made for the larger canal
should not show that the cost would be
excessive.
ROUTE OF THE
ISTHMIAN CANAL
IS IN DOUBT
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.
GUSTAVUS ENTRUSTED
WITH THE GOVERNMENT
Will Act as Regent During the
Illness of King Oscar.
DEATH OF A FORMER
POSTMASTER GENERAL
Close of the Career of William
L. "Wilson.
2
ONLY
TO-DAY, and TMJOBRfH,
THURSDAY FRIDAY
AT 11 A. M. AND 2 P. M.
AUCTION
FINEST PERFECT ANTIQUE
Turkish |1§P|f?fg|
MlHT?A t N*S COLLECTION
Cor. GEARY and STOCKTON STS.
POSITIVELY LAST CHANCE.
ONLY TWO DAYS MORE.
At This Sale Will Be Offered all the
Finest RUGS of the PERSIAN KHANS
Besides J0O Other Rugs.
The Renowned TABRIZ. THE KIR-
MAN'S, the FIXC CAMEL'S HAIR, the
CREAM SEREBENT. PRINCES BOUK-
HARAS. THE SILK RUGS.
A. VT. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
Come and Witness the Sale of the Most
Valuable Ru*a Ever Brought to This Coun-
try. Come «r.d See These Masterpieces of
Art Before Sale.
Take Laxative Bromo. Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box.- 25c. *
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Orders have accumulated for a few
days during- our final negotiations
with Mr. Dana. Thess were conclud-
ed Tuesday. All old matters are now
cleared up. Delayed shipments, both
foreign and local, have been ssnt
forward. Business has been resumed
on the old American basis and will
be so continued. Cash buyers will
please read and compare.
BLANKETS.
gSS5 :S5K Eft. &r::*i"™. SV88; g£S
Lclon, mostly wool. gray. heavv..$-.75, $3.7.1
Tou save 23 per cent by sending to us for
blankets. Try >t-
DRESS GOODS."
The best line cf medium price black roods
to be found In town; also plain goods In colors
from #1.!M> for a full pattern up." Cotton fab-
rics and domestic* at old prices— no advance.
SHOES.
Ladles' fln« f»ir-«tltch ihoes. dressy »3.f>O
Glrln" Sunday shoes, ktd.. ..»»«?. f-Z3
Child's. J to 11H. kid. fair quality 75o
Infants' neat shoes. 3 to « 3,%«»
Batton, spring heel. ?. 5. $1 75 kind $1,011
Special- offers- In mani* shoes to make room
for shipment^ coming In.
Batsralna m MEN'S WEAR. Including Cloth-
ing. Hats. Shoes. L n<J«rwear. Neckwear— ask
to see them. Barjrains in Toys. Games, No,
tiors. Stationery. Ladles.*. Underwear: some-
thing at exactly half price to clear out largo-
lot» remaining on hand. . / . .
Free delivery In town and suburbs. Delicacy
Count* r exceeds any In town. Grocery floor
well stocked always; 40 pounds prunw 1300
crop, at fl.OO. raAMI
Room to rent for storage, for manufacturine
or for printer or bookbinder.
Try the dining-room, on sixth floor.
C/tSH STORE
25-27 Market St., Saa Fraaoiac*. Caf.
p> a Prfc© Ust wut fre«.
The large attendance of buver3 at
our midweek "Special Sales." in-
augurated last week, has encour-
aged us to make them a resrular
weekly attraction. Observe below
our reduction on "Best Creamery
Butter":
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY.
Butter, c^eW. ?£• square 50c
It Is the best.
Roirnj Pins, "Hollywood"—
Imported. 2 sites. n-tg. J."e 4<V>
Now 25c 3Oc
Bread Boards. "Hollywool"—
Imported— Diameter 10 Inch and l* Inch.
Re«r. Xis «V
Sardines, Boneless tin 20c
French. Th's jpascn's catch. Reg. 23c.
Castile Soap. '$?&' I r^e bar 50c
Italian. Purest made In the world.
M3lt Extract, ?£%l doz S3.00
Our rf?ular price 2jc bottle. Th? r,n!y
S-enulne.
Enamel ns Stove Polish 7 tins 25c
For Stovei". Grates, and Ranees. Regu-
larly a for 2oc.
Fjre Powder. '£!?s£v box 20s
Foadri Victoria.
Tco!ii P3Wfcf. 3£»£ tM 20c
Usterated cr plain.
Fora "bit 11 try "UMUREL"
"RENZIEEER"
Imported Cigar. Extra larce siz*. See
window.
NOW IN KVKP.Y-
1-.ODYS MOITH.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 S UTTER ST.
AD.VEETISEMENTS.PRINCIPALS IN TTVO WEDDINGS
SOLEMNIZED YESTERDAY AT THE
CITY -OF ROSES.
COOPERS - DEWART NUPTIALS.
Marriage Solemnized in St. Mary's
Catholic Church at Gilroy.
GILROY, Oct. 17.— At St. Mary's Catho
lic Church this morning Miss Laura Dew
art, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George
Dewart of Gilroy became the wife of
Louis P. Coopers of San Jose. The brides
maid was Mis3 Agnes Coopers of San Jose,
and Raymond Dewart acted as best man.
The church v:as beautifully decorated,
the prevailing colors oeing pink, white
and green. The couple were united by
the Rev. Father Hudson under an arch of
where the Bcene combined mirth and
beauty. Mr. and Mrs. Dunbar were the
recipients of many costly and beautiful
presents.
The bride is a tall, graceful blonde of
prepossessing face and manners. The
groom is the business manager of the
Press-Democrat and a young man stand
ing high in social and business circles. He
is at present a member of the Democratic
State Central Committee and Is a promi
nent Native Son.
GERTRUDE FOSTER WEDS
EDWARD W. MANSFIELD
Sequel to an Attachment Formed
When the Actress Was an
Amateur.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— Gertrude Fos
ter, the talented young actress, whose
home is in this city, was to-day married
to Edward W. Mansfield, manager of the
Fisher Opera-house at San Diego. The
ceremony was witnessed only by friends.
Rev. J. S. Thomson officiating at Simpson
Tabernacle.
The marriage to-day was the result of
an affection formed six years ago, when
Ed Mansfield was treasurer of the Grand
Opera-house here, and Gertrude Foster,
still in her teens, was an aspirant for
dramatic honors in an amateur perform
ance. Mansfield fell In love at first sight,
but has had to wait patiently until Ger
trude Foster had achieved at least a fair
share of coveted fame.
The bride was given away by her
mother, Mrs. Mott of this city.
Golf Instructor George Smith Held
Up in Daylight While Return
ing From San Rafael
Links.
SAVED FROM FOOTPAD
BY THREE HUNTSMEH
Alfred W. Rose was born In Delaware
County, Ohio, on July 21, 1S23. He was a
man of fine attainments and practiced law
for a number of years. He leaves a
brother and sister. The brother, A. H.
Rose, was at one time State Senator from
Amador County. The sister is Mrs. A. J.
Rose Lovejoy of San Jose. The interment
will take place to-morrow at Tamalpais
Cemetery. The services will be conducted,
at the Episcopal church of this city.
During the Mexican war Rose was a
first sergeant In Company B. First Illinois
Volunteers. At the battle of Buena Vista
he exhibited rare courage by carrying oft
the body of Colonel Harding, who com
manded his regiment. The feat was per
formed under a withering fire of the en
emy and several comrades who essayed
to assist him were killed.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 17.— Alfred W. Rose
died In this city last night. He was a
Mexican war veteran and a pioneer of
California, having come to this State at
the conclusion of that war. At one time
he was enormously 'wealthy, but his riches
ebbed away on the tide of adverse for
tune.
the Battle of Suena
Vista.
Passing of Alfred W. Rose, a Hero of
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 17.— George Smith.
Instructor at the San Rafael golf links,
was held up by a footpad In broad day
light this afternoon. Smith was walking
in from the links, taking a short cut
through the Puerto Suelo tunnel on the
California Northwestern Railway, and
had reached the San Rafael end. when an
armed man appeared before him and de
manded that he hold up his hands. Smith
complied promptly. Then the footpad
proceeded to rifle his victim's pockets.
At this Juncture a party of hunters came
over the hill on the wagon road. Their
loud talking frightened away the robber,
who fled through the tunnel to the north
ward, leaving Smith unharmed.
Smith called for assistance and the
hunters, whose way led past and over the
scene of the hold-up, descended to his
assistance. They pursued the fugitive
some distance Into the tunnnel. but. fear-
Ing to come to too clone quartern with
him, they retraced their steps out of pis
tol range. Smith then proceeded to town
with his armed escort. His rescuers wore
'John Smith, Thomas Obitz and Thomas
McBrtde,
MEXICAN WAR VETERAN
DEES AT SAN RAFAEL
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 17.— Frank Slmpton.
an engineer of the Xorth Pacific Coast
Railroad, met a serious accident while
hunting on the marsh near Manzanlta sta
tion to-day. He was accompanied by Leo
Constantlne and Luke Zarro. When tho
party was returning Constantlne hande«i
his gun to Simpton to hold for him. It
was accidentally discharged ana the load
of duckshot was Imbedded in Slmpton's
thigh. The Injured man was removed to
Sausalito, where he Is resting easily. If
blood poisoning does not set in he will re
cover.
Hunter Accidentally Shot.
SONOMA. Oct. 17.— Miss Elsie G. Apple
ton and Dr. Hartley Gottenberg were
married to-day at the Appleton home on
Broadway. Rev. C. D. Milliken, pastor
of the Congregational church, officiated.
Dr. and'Mrs. Gottenberg left on the after
noon train for a trip south. Upon their
return a reception will be tendered them
at Union Hall. 300 guests to participate.
Wedding at Sonoma.
NAPA, Oct. 17. — James H. MacLean and
Miss Charlotte Inman, both residents of
Valleio. were united in marriage in St.
Mary s Episcopal Church here this after
noon at 2 o'clock by Rev. W. B. Thorn.
The affair was a quiet one. the ceremony
being witnessed by only a few intimate
friends of the bride and groom. After
congratulations were extended to the
happy couple the wedding party repaired
to the Palace Hotel, where a wedding lun
cheon was partaken of. Mr. and Mrs.
MacLean have hosts of friends in Vallejo,
where they will make their future home.
The groom is engaged in business there.
lotte Inxnan the Principals.
James H. MacLean and Idiss Char-
Mr. and Mrs. Coopers will reside In San
Jose on their return from their bridal trip
to the bay cities.
VAIXEJOITES WED AT NAPA.
smilax and pink roses. The ceremony wan
followed by a nuptial mass, the choir of
the church assisting In the service. Mrs.
h.nry Hecker tendered Handel's "Largo"
on the violin. The organist. Miss Wini
fred Fitzgerald, played' the bridal chorus
from "Lohengrin" as the couple entered,
and Mendelssohn's "Wedding March" as
the party issued from the church. At the
home of the bride's parents an elalorato
wedding breakfast was served. •*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KELSEYVILLE. Oct. 17.— Evidence of
the apathy of the Democrats In the Third
District and the half-hearted way in
which they are carrying on the campaign
was supplied here to-night. Hon. Frank
Freeman, candidate for Congress, was to
have addressed the people of Kelseyville,
but failed to make .his appearance. In his
stead Burdette Cornell of Oakland ad
dressed a small crowd.
The speaker declared "imperialism was
the paramount Issue, because that issue
would be settled by the coming election.
He distinguished between "imperialism
and "expansion." claiming that the Dem
ocratic party stood for expansion now as
always. Expansion, he urged, carried the
constitution with the flag. He said the
McKinley administration sought to make
subjects of the Filipinos instead of citi
zens. A brief reference to the trusts con
cluded his remarks.^
McLACHLAN" IGNORES WTXSHIRE
Socialist Labor Candidate's Challenge
to Debate Unheeded.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— H. Gaylord
"Wilshlre. the Socialist Labor candidate,
for Congress in this district, whose opera
bouffe campaign will. It Is believed In cer
tain quarters, give him more votes in Los
Angeles County than will be cast for Wil
liam Graves, the regular Democratic can
didate, has published a challenge for a
Joint debate, addressed to James McLach
lan. Wilshire charges McLachlan with be
ing the Southern Pacific Railroad candi
date and with having been a party to the
Democratic nomination of A\ imam
Graves, so the former might have a walk
over in the election. McLachlan, when
seen to-day, was loth to discuss Wilshlre
or his challenge.
"All I know about the matter is what I
have seen in print." said the Republican
candidate, "and I shall ignore Wilshlre
entirely." _
McKINLEY IS THEIR CHOICE.
Result of a Test Vote by Americans
in Japan.
VANCOUVER, Oct. 17.— Americans In
Japan are for McKlnley. They have
raised their voices almost unanimojsly in
favor of the Republican nominee. A poll
of the American residents of Japan was
take^n on behalf of the Chicago Record a
few'days before the steamer Empress of
Janan sailed for Vancouver, and of the
votes cast four-nftl-s were for McKlnley.
In all more than 1500 voted, representing 1
many of the most influential foreign es
tablishments doing business In Japan.
Many other votes were received from
Americans in Chinese coast cities and they
all bore out the conclusion that McKinley
and Roosevelt are the popular leaders on
the western side of the Pacific.
«
COI/USA GREETS SHOBTRUDGE.
Gathering of Eepublicans From All
Over the County.
COLUSA, Oct. 17.— Republicans from all
over Colusa County gathered at the coun
ty seat this evnlng to hear the Republican
principles set forth by Samuel Shortridge
of San Francisco. The Cohisa Theater
was tilled long before the speaker made
his appearance. The, Williams band fur
nished music. —Bonfires blazed on the
street corners. L. L. Hickox was presi
dent of the evening. After calling a num
ber of Colusa County's leading citizens to
the platform, he Introduced the speaker,
who for two hours held his audience with
one of the best speeches that has been de
livered here during the campaign. •
Needham Is Gaining Strength.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 17.— Congressman
Needham made two speeches to-day In his
campaign in this county. This afternoon
at Oceanslde he addressed several hun
dred persons and this evening he had the
town hall at Escondido crowded with peo
ple. Mr. Xeedham is received with so
much good feeling by all classes that it is
predicted he will receive more than the 600
majority in this county which was glvAi
to him two years ago.
Santa Cruz Democrats Meet.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 17.— The Democratic
campaign in Santa Cruz was opened this
evening by a meeting at the opera-house,
at which Hon. C. M. Cassln presided and
Introduced \V. H. Alford, who spoke on
the issues of the campaign.
Candidate for Congress Is Scheduled
to Address a Meeting, but An
other Man Speaks in
His Stead.
FREEMAN FAILS TO APPEAR
Further Evidence oi Demo
cratic Apathy Shown at
Kelseyville.
THIRD DISTRICT
BRYANITES ARE
DISHEARTENED
Los Angeles.
FEuTP SHIPPERS PATL.
Briggs-Spence Company Suspends at
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 1..— Crt>ditors of
the : Briggs-Spence Company, fruit ship
pers, are hoping 1 that some arrangements
can be made by which the young men
may resume business. The firm, com
posed of George M. Brlggs of Chicago and
w. Glenn Spence of this city, is in Hnan
clal difficulty, owing $75,000, with compara
tively little assets. Of this amount prob
ably $40,000 is owing to fruit growers. Of
the other Indebtedness the principal item
is $S500, due the State Bank and Trust
Company. -*«awi
It is understood that the fruit growers
are Inclined to be lenient with the young
men, whose enterprise has temporarily
gone awry. Glenn Spence has about $40.
000 interest in the estate left by: his father,
E. F. Spence of Monrovia, and the.state
ment is made to-day. that his mother will
come to his assistance.
- -. ' ' ¦-./'
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— Los Angeles'
ambition to have a city charter to suit
her size and requirements has met disap
pointment. The Supreme Court, sitting In
bank to-day, handed down an opinion that
the Board of Freeholders cannot legally,
form a new charter. The opinion was
given in the test case brought by J. H.
Blanchard against City Treasurer W. A.
Hartwell. The court holds that such a
charter can be changed only by amend
ment submitted by the legislative author
ity of this city, as provided In section 8
of file 11 of the constitution. The labors
of the Board of Freeholders, which had
almost reached the end of its task, there
fore are set at naught for the time being
at least.
The court's ' decision Is a great disap
pointment to those who for years have>
realized the inadequacy and faults of the
present charter. The City Council might
consider the new charter as drafted* by
the now defunct freeholders and submit it
to the people as an amendment to the
present charter, but it is feared that with
such fatherhood It would be a partisan
political creation and would fall to obtain
the necessary three-fifths vote-
FREEHOLDERS CANNOT
ERAME 1W CHARTER
% Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Oct. 17.— By a unani
mous vote Fresno was to-day
designated as the next meeting
place of the Grand Encampment
of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows. Fresno had such a long lead
for the coveted honor that the other con
testing cities withdrew from the race.
At to-day's ' session of the Grand En
campment the election of grand officers
took place, the nominations having been
made yesterday. R. D. .Gummoe of
Nevada City was elected grand pa-triarch;
C. H. Wever of Alameda, grand high
priest; A. C. Bates of San Jose, grand
senior warden; William H. Barnes of San
Francisco, grand scribe (re-elected);
Henry C. George of San Francisco, grand
treasurer (re-elected); Joseph Foster of
San Diego, grand representative; H. S.
Wlnn. W. S. Potter and F. A. Week of
San Francisco, grand trustees.
John A. Foster qt San Francisco was
elected grand Junior warden. There were
six candidates for this ofiiee, Redding
having one in the person of Louis Moore.
Mr. Moore received a nattering testi
monial, being second in the race. The
other candidates were W. H. Woodbridgo
of Stockton, James Ashman of Los Ange
les, W. E. Dubols of San Francisco and
George Jessen of Watsonville.
Grand Patriarch Foster of San Diego
was unanimously chosen representative to
the Sovereign Grand Lodge. Action of
Interest to all Odd Fellows was the con
firmation this morning of a decision by
Grand Patriarch Foster to the effect that
all moneys? received for an encampment,
whether dues from members or interest
accruing from bank deposits, must be re
ported to and go through the books of
the scribe.
Reports of tleputies and grand officers
were largely in favor of public meetings,
installations, etc. The membership of the
Grand Encampment shows a net gain o'
1C7 from January 1 to July 1 of the cur
rent year. During the same period two
encampments were instituted, one at Han
ford and the other at Snelling; two were
In process of formation and two that had
been dormant were revived.
The Grand Encampment officially an
nounced itself as delighted with the re
ception accorded it in Redding.
At Armory Hall this evening the Pa
triarchal and Golden Rule degrees were
conferred by Occidental Encampment of
Sacramento and Oriental Encampment ot
San Francisco.
For the amusement of many visitors
who were not delegates to the Grand En
campment a football game took place at
Recreation Park this afternoon between
the Shasta County and Willows high
school teams. The Rebekah drill corps of
Ban Francisco and Stockton and the Pa
triarchs Militant band were In attendance
as Invited guests of the students. Wil
lows won the game by a score of 20 to 0.
John T. Reid, a Redding player, had both
bones of his right leg broken Just above
the ankle.
On East street between 5 and 6 o'clock
the cantons of San Francisco, Oakland,
Stockton and Sacramento went through
dress parade and drill, passing in review
before General H. O. Brower and his staff
officers. Several thousand people viewed
the exhibition.
To-morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock the
grand parade will start. The pageant will
attract many visitors^ In the evening
thVre will be a ball in honor of the city's
guests. - . _ .'-.:-;. '.
Odd Fellows Select Fresno
as Their Meeting Place
- for Next Year,
Impressive Memorial Rites
Conducted bu Eastern
Star Ladies.
ceedings. Besides the delegates
there are many members of the order 'vis
iting here. To-morrow will be the big
day of the convention. In the election of
officers great interest Is being taken, and
the ladles are doing active politics for the
places.
The visitors are pleased with San Jose
hospitality. The local chapter is leaving
nothing undone in the way of entertain
ment, and they are thoroughly enjoying
themselves. To-morrow, there Is to be a
banquet. On Friday the officers are to be
installed and for Saturday a trip to Mount
Hamilton and other points about the city
and county is arranged.
The regular work of the session was
taken up this morning. Worthy Grand
Matron Mrs. McCowan named a number
of committees, reports were read and
some amendments considered. These were
all of a secret nature and were not made
public.
An open meeting of the Grand Chapter
was held this evening in Masonic Tem
ple, which was crowded with members and
their friends It consisted of memorial
services in honor of those who had died
during the year. These rites were very
impressive and of a new order, being ar
ranged by Mrs. A. E. Briggs of Athenia
Chapter of Holllster. An altar was erect
ed in the center of the hall, draped In
pure white, with decorations of white
roses. Candles burned on the altar.
The exercises began with the advent of
a number of ladles in flowing white
robes who executed a march of difficult
evolutions around the altar. Lights were
dimly burning during the time. At the
conclusion of the march a solo and spoken
parts were rendered. - - _i v ' :
Those taking part were: Mrs. Holllng
bery, matron; Mrs. Laurltzen, conduct
ress; Mrs. P. Hawkins, associate conduct
ress; Mrs. L. M. Ladd, secretary; Mrs. L.
Hamilton, treasurer: Mrs. H. Hamilton,
associate matron; Mrs. M. Harden, Aida;
Mrs. Dr. Savage. Ruth: Mrs. M. Shaw.
Esther: Mrs. Emma Bolton, Martha; Mrs.
M. McPhall, Electra. These are all mem
bers of the Hollister chapter, of which
Mrs. Briggs Is- warden. *
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17.— There was an
Increased attendance at the ses
sions of the Eastern Star to-day
and greater interest in the pro-
Special Dlsr>atch to The Call.
ONE DAY'S WORK OF ENCAMPMENT,
GRAND CHAPTER AND HIGH COURT
A Parade and Dance In
dulged In Lu Foresters
at Santa Cruz.
The reception • committee Included
Charles M. Lewis, John Severlo, F. J.
Helms, C. E. L'ndsav L. H. Wessendorf.
H. K. Pierce. W. S. Rodgers. F. Mattlson
W. H. Dool, I. T. Bloom, R. H. Pringle,
G. Harrington. J. F. Mullen, M. C. Hop
kins, F. J. Hoffmann.
The floor manager was George Staffler
Jr., assisted by Enoch Alzlna. The floor
directors were W. S. Moore, Ed Dauben
bls, J. G. Tanner, Dr. W. R. Linccott,
James Williamson. R. E. Williams, A. C.
Hlhn. Charles Towne, J. J. £>oran, R. L.
Cardiff. R. S. Miller. Charles Klein.
The armory this evening presented a
brilliant appearance, the occasion being
the grand ball. The large building had
been elaborately \decorated with ever
greens, ferns anil Viewers. A full brass
band supplied mus!c for the dancing. Lem
onade was served In. a bower In a corner
of the main hall, ana ice cream and cake
in the refreshment room. .
The procession was reviewed and then
marched to the courthouse to have pic
tures taken.
Carriages con\'eying ladies wearing the
purple guest badge came next, and the
members of the Gllroj»""~Oriental Degree
team brought up the rear. They attracted
much attention. Their robes were of Ori
ental design and on their heads were tur
bans, surmounted by stars and crescents.
Some wore the long, flowing gowns of the
Orient, while, others were garbed in Turk
ish zouave costumes. The members of the
team carried In their hands large sclme
ters.
The members of the High Court, with
the red; white and blue badges, were a
fine-looking body of men. They were fol
lowed by the officers of the High Court,
who wore their jewels v and lnslgnlas of
office.
Members from Watsonvllle, Boulder
Creek and courts from near by towns ar
rived to participate In the street parade,
in which marched about 600 Foresters. It
started at 10:30 o'clock. Charles M. Lewis
was grand marshal. Hasings' Band was
at the'head of the procession, followed by
the color bearer. Then came Court Se
quoia of Santa Cruz and Court Wildwood
of Boulder Creek In their bright red re
galias. "
Before the parade a short business ses
sion of the High Court -was held. High
Chief Ranger McElfresh exemplified the
unwritten work of the order and Instruct
ed the new members and delegates in
High Court degree work.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 17.— Foresters
day was Observed by the High
Court of the Independent Order.
The features were the parade of
the Foresters and the ball at the
armory this evening.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 17.— Two of
. Santa Rosa's fairest daughters
were led to the Ynarriage altar
by two of her most popular young
men.
At high nocn, under a true lovers' knot
of La France roses and white tulle, Miss
Gertrude Thompson and Dr. Virgil Hoffer
plighted their troth in the presence of
relatives and immediate friends. The
bride was gowned In a suit of pastel blue
cloth, with gold point lace trimmings, and
carried a cluster of white carnations. Dr.
HofTer wore the conventional black. The
ceremony was according to the ritual of
the Presbyterian church and was con
ducted by Rev. William Martin. Miss
Irma Wood played the wedding march.
A wedding breakfast followed, covers be
ing laid for thirty guests. The decora
tions in the dining room were of scarlet
geraniums, combined wrih smilax and,
potted plants.
The bride is the niece of Mrs. Emmet
Seawell and Mrs. C. D. Johnson of this
city and of Mrs. Frank H. Gould of San
Francisco. She is a charming- brunette
of many accomplishments and prominent
in musical circles. She has spent her en
tire life in this city and is very popular
in the younger set.
Dr. Hoffer is the -son of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles A. Hoffer. his father being cash
ier of the Santa Rosa Savings Bank. He
is a dentist.
On the stroke of 9 this evening, at the
home of the bride's parents on College
avenue, the lives and hearts of two young
social leaders were united in the presence
of a few friends and relatives. The prin
cipals were Miss Fannie Reynolds and
Charles Oliver Dunbar. The pretty home
had been artistically decorated in smilax
and pure white blossoms. The wedding
breakfast was served in the dining room.
PER3X0US VOYAGE OF
THE CHARLES D. LANE
Only the Presence of an Expert Boiler-
Maker as a Passenger Pre-
vents Disaster.
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 17.— After a
tempestuous voyage, marked by a thor
ough breakdown of the motive power, an
overloading of passengers and a scarcity
of provisions', the steamship Charles D.
Lane reached Port Townsend to-day, sev
enteen days from Nome. Several times
during the journey it looked as if the end
had come, and passengers and crew agree
that they owe their salvation to the fact
that an expert boiler-maker, Mr. Molan
der of Port Townsend, was aboard. The
boilers of the Lane leaked so badly as to
extinguish the nres and make an explo
sion imminent.
For three and a half days the vessel,
was tossed about on the angry waves of
Bering Sea absolutely helpless, not being
provided with sufficient sail to keep her
head to the storm, even had the wind
been favorable, and unprovided with an
chors to have held her off from any rocky
shore on which tue tempest might' have
driven her. After a period of terrible
anxiety among passengers and crew Mr.
Molander succeeded in repairing the boil
ers so that It was possible to get up steam
and proceed.
COMING TO ORGANIZE
GOOD ROADS CLT/BS
President Moore of the National As
sociation En Route to
California.
TACOMA. Oct. J7.-Pres!dent William
H. Mocre of the National Good Roads As
sociation is here, en route to California,
where he will participate in the organiz
ing of State and district associations to
'promote- the building of good roads. Con
ventions have been called to meet at Sac
ramento and Los Angeles, the latter being
pet for October 24 and 25. It will be at
tended by M. O. Eldridge, Assistant Di
rector of Road Inquiry at Washington.
These conventions will elect delegates to
a national good roads and irrigation con
vention to be held in Chicago November
19 to 24.
Last year President Mocre attended
thirty-eight State and district conventions
and had thirty-two miles of sample roads
built under the supervision of General E.
G. Harrison, United States Road Expert.
MISTAKES HIS FRIEND'S
TTAT FOR A CUB BEAR
Young Hunter Shoots and Instantly
Kills a Comrade Near Wil
liams.
TVILLIAMS. Oct. 17.— One of the saddest
accidents that has taken place here In
years occurred yesterday, when young
Mathew Grose accidentally shot and killed
James Yuree. The two boys, who were
close friends, were hunting in the vicinity
of Bill Williams Mountain. They had got
separated, one going one way and the oth
er in the opposite direction around a hill.
Some time later Yuree lay down beneath a
tree to rest, rfis companion coming near
him, saw his hat behind a tree and
thought that it was a cub bear. After
watrhlng the hat for some time took aim
and^fired. Approaching the spot, he found
that he had shot Yuree through the head,
killing him instantly.
HEALTH OFFICIALS WILL
MEET IN SAN FRANCISCO
Action Relative to Quarantine May
Be Considered by the State
Board.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 17.— The State
Board of Health's quarterly meeting held
at the office of Secretary Matthews at the
Capitol to-day was a brief affair. All the
members were present except Dr. Wins
low Anderson of San Francisco. The
board instructed the secretary to approve
the bills of Dr. Archibald, appointed vet
erinary surgeon for the board under Gov
ernor Eudd and serving until the appoint
ment of a State Veterinarian by Governor
Gage. Dr. Crowley of Oakland said there
were likely to be some matters requiring
the attention of the board at San Fran
cisco relative to quarantine an<i th<» board
adjourned to meet at the Grand Hotel in
San Francisco on November 10 at 1
o'clock.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postofnce Appointments and List of
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.-Postmaster
commissioned— Oregon: Martha A. Cast
ley, Jordan VaJley. Postmasters appoint
ed — Oregon: A. F. Hamilton, Holly, Linn
County, vice G. VS. Pugh. resigned; Hen
ry II. Chance. Shelburn. Linn County,
vice N. B. Washburn. resigned. "Wash
ington: R. D. Sanborn. Falrholme. Clai
lam County, vice C. K. L. Cross, resigned"
J. C. Bryant. New Shak. Chehalis Coun
ty, vice Max Gradl. resigned.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Original— Reuben C. Joiner.
Ixilf-ta. $12; Richard Murray, San Francis
co, $6. Increase— Samuel Heck, San Ber
nardino. JS. Original widows— Minors of
William E. Child's. Santa Monica. $12.
Oregon: War with Spain, original—
John M. Jones. Forest Grove, $8.
Washington: Original — George M.
Brown. Mukllteo, J6; Oiiver A. Van Hoy,
Goldendale, $10: Howard Brooks, Deer.
Park. $8. . '
San Jose's Catholic Fair.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17.— The elite of the
city gathered In force at Turn Vereln
Hall this evening at the opening of St.
Joseph's Church fair. Varl-colored
streamers and flowers and plants of all
kinds had transformed the place into one
of beauty. About the sides are booths
where refreshments and fancy articles of
all kinds are sold. In an adjoining hall
dancing is indulged In. The fair Is for
the benefit of St. Joseph's Church and
will continue until Saturday, October 27.
? — rr
BAN" JOSE. Oct. 17.— The count of regiatered
voters wa» conclude^ by the County Clerk thi«
afternoon, showing tbe total - refflstratloa for
tfcl8 dtr to k« 650f-
IDENTIFIES ORTEGA
AS HER, ASSAILANT
Grace Gamble Testifies at the Trial
of the Pugilist in San
Jose.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 17.— The taking of testi
mony- In the trial of "Jack" Ortega,
charged with assaulting Grace Gamble on
August 26, began behind closed doors in
Judge Lortpan's court this afternoon.
The work cf selecting a jury, which has
dragged along since Monday morning,
was completed just before noon.
When court reconvened this afternoon
Marion Brroks of counsel for Ortega ask
<-d that the case be conducted behind
closed doors. Judge Lorigan issued the
order. Grace Gamble was on the stand
most of the afternoon. She gave testi
mony similar to that given at the pre
liminary examination. On the evening in
tjueetioii she. with two brothers, was on
h«-r way home from ch'jrch. She had run
ahead of her brothers some distance. On
Tonth street, near Keyes, a man came
along !n a buggy and asked her to ride,
paying he would take her home. She grot
into the buggy, but when they came to
htr home he refused to let her out of It.
The man then drove wltn her into the
adjoining field. She identified "Jack" Or
tega as her assailant.
Baptists Elect Officers.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. IT.-The South Cen
tral Baptist Association this morning
elected the following officers for the en
ruing year: Moderator. Rev. T. S. Toung
of San Jose; clerk. Rev. P. Peterson of
WatFonville; treasurer, Rew W. M. Pierce
of Salinas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Oct. 17.— The stage running
between Elg Oak Flat and Coulterville, in
Marlposa County, southeast of this city,
was overturned to-day. Driver Daniel
0"Connell was killed and several pas
sengers more or less injured. Among the
iatter was Henry Rohrbacher of this city
He telephoTfed Lis family in Stockton at
noon that he was not seriously injured.
The other passengers were:- Mr. Rogers
of Carters. D. Bronchi of Coulterville and
Vi . Harris of Cottlterville. They were
badly shaken, but not dangerously hurt.
The accident occurred a few miles from
Chinese Camp. A bit broke and the six
horse team started to run away, the
driver being powerless to control the ani
mals. The vehicle with its human freight
was hurled over a high embankment. It
rolled over and ever to the bottom. That
all of the passengers were not kill^i is
remarkable.
The unfortunate driver was crushed
under the stage. He lived only twenty
minutes after the accident.
Breaking of a Bit Causes the Man
Having Charge of the Beins
to Lose Control of His
Six-Horse Team.
ACCIDENT DDE TO A RUNAWAY
COULTERVILLE
STAGE DASHES
OYER A GRADE
Driver O'Connell Killed and
Several Passengers
Injured.
Special Dispatch to Tixe Call.
SAX JOSE. Oct. 17.— An epidemic for di
vorce seems to have struck the upper
strata of San Jose's society. -During the
last sixty days a score or more divorce
suits have been brought, in which well
known church and society people are the
principals. An addition to this little col
ony of "marital malcontents" was made
to-day.
Edith Harter filed a suit for divorce
from Clinton A\\ Harter on the grounds of
failure to provide and neglect. Mrs. Har
ter was formerly Edith Kea, daughter of
James \V. Kea, the well-known politician.
The couple were married in Visalia in
IS?-}, and the wedding was a swell soclety
affair. There is one child, and the mother
wants the custody of it-
For the last year Mr. and Mrs. Harter
fhave resided in San Jose, where the wife
Is a great social favorue. Harter is al
leged to have basked around in the sun
shine on the Ftreet corners and neglected
his wife and child. Mrs. Harter tired of
this treatment, and a few months ago
took up her residence at the home of her
uncle. The defendant is now in San Fran
cisco. It Is not expected he will make
any contest.
Charges in Her Complaint That Her
Husband Makes No Attempt
to Care for Herself and
FAILURE TO PROVIDE ALLEGED
Daughter oi James W. Rea
Asks tlie Court to Set •
. Her Free. ...
EDITH BARTER
FILES A SUIT
FOR DIVORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.'
Miss Qertrude TKompsorv Becomes the Bride or Dr. Virgil Jiorrer
ar\d Miss Far\r\ie Reynolds Is Wedded to
GKarles 0. Dvmbar.
TWO PAIR, DAUGHTERS OF SANTA
ROSA LED TO THE MARRIAGE ALTAR
Child.
3
ADVEBTISriflTgffTS.-
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
There Is a disease prevailing In this
country most dangerous because so decejy
r""1 III II (s£j(X\ tive - Many sudden
•*d.lsT* fc^Jyjr^ deaths are caused by
{©^^iti^^ctEfJ it— heart disease.
lf2} \2AM' "SFfcr P neumonIa « eart
HIKES' ~±A\ vj^jfc^fe^ 1118 or apoplexy
MI>SlLi "* n\^ r^ often the result
!n\ V5 of Wdney diseaso. If
MjE&Tnii t fl Kji I '"dney trouble is al-
lrv\ n V^' L ' owe^ *° advance the
I^v «r v/^i [4 fig kidr.e y-polsoned
N Vn^/"* i*»">£v blood will attack the
vital organs cr the
kidneys themselves break down and waste
away cell by cell.
Bladder troubles most abvays result from
a derangement of the kidneys and a cure '3
obtained quickest by a proper treatment of
the kidneys. If you are feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to hold urine and scald-
Ing pain in passing It. and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity cf being compelled to
go often during the day. and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and the
extraordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
S'vamp-Root Is pleasant to take and sold
by all druggists in fifty-cent and ons-dollar
sized bottles. You may fc-jj^
have a sample bottle of gJJ53?KS335C!5|5sji
this wonderful r.;-v dis- |C«^y=H JsTHj*i£t2J
covery and a book that ** s =522£UJi^gg2i>
tells all about it. both HomeofSwamp-Root
sent free by mall. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co.
Binghamton, N. Y. When writing mention
reading this generous offer in this paper.
SOLE AGENTS
WELLMAN,PECK&CO.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. i7.— The "scrlpper*"
rase was recalled to public attention by an
application filed last week and argued to-day
before Judge Welborn, for permission to flle
with the Grand Jury a statement from the
"scrippers," which. It Is said, ¦ Includes names
of persons the • 'scrippers" desire to have sum-
moned before the Grand Jury and who : have
not be subpoenaed. Judge Welborn denied the
application- -;¦ .
VTL KELMEE'S 3WAMP BOOT.
|i Lewi* Ccrnaro. a celebrity el'the bU-
leer.th century." « ho. by careful living,
reached the «ge ot one hundred years,
hale, hearty and with the faculties unlm*
paired, hu left *is tbe following max*
lm» which it were well to heed:
•• It Is not good to eat too much, ncr fast
too long, nor do anything else that U pre-
ternatural."
"Old men fast easily: men of "ripe age
can fast almoct as much ; but you ng per-
50ns and children that are brisk and lively,
caa bzrdly fast at all."
In comparison ¦with other foods, but a
small quanlty of H-0 (Hornby'* 5teatn
Cooked Oatmeal} b necessary to furnish
sufficient sustenance for either the old or
tbe young, tbe food value of one pound of
H-0 being equal to one tad three-quarter
pounds of nuzttco/
A* — i
Nearly two pounds of beef, vfikj i<
Three pounds ef eg& «• veal. . 12& 'j |)
: Six pounds of chicken. Cjsfjj^
! Nine pounds cf cooked fl*n, or '/Jtgj&Yf
Forty-six pounds of oysters. j6^t#%
-It mixes better with cream." /^3lz1$
j ¦ Y5 j Custom= I
l/|j^S>v : made for I
HI li |j $13.50 I
/ ILjr tSJ| |j | 1' ) iife:\|i A man ought to bs well i:|
(1 "*E 1 ¦ ( li i l jv!'''ji : dressed for business, and |-|
v* fl^ >T*^ ' r i |! /-ii»^r wn y shouldn't he ? We are B-H
¦ W^&S^yiEjrMSr^^rW' makin S suits t0 measure Tor 8F|
iJWJf* W' I- x 3- 5° from fashionable fall WM
-¦ 1 i VI I T ffi weaves. As the suit is styl- W.%
>*'{' /; [\ i a; ish, the price low and the jjfca
I j; | | lift it il J Bv practicing economy for.-you 1?I
I Jl j I /ii!!i$ ; H I'll I to make the purchase. W%
t L 1 |»y , "Vjl^i ;*• | ; Get our samples — pick out Ii|
jSj] fi' IjjSI i'ijjV j'«' r the pattern thatsuits — let us oil
t- K ¦liKa JU' ' u '¦ measure you and you will be Icl
\ K \\wMMt\\ n i pleased. We'll guarantee |£a
- I; n ! ''!¦ '7l!'flii 1 that; or, if we cannot please K5
| C W»" ••/ n 0U and ltS Our ault » y° u 5'lf
• B 1 1 i ''W' I? get your money back. I.I
j Fiji ij K f jffl \ ¦ Qut-of-iown orders filled. WrititM
!; IV 4] jrj njjwj • us for samples and self-measuring vkM
1 If H . I s.N.woonaco,||
i Pnj BrnSL 718 Market Street and |;|
•j yWl — inul^^fe^^*^ Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts. B^fiA broken watch guard and the absence
of anything of value In th>e packets of the
clothing are to point to robbery.
It is thought that the body had been dead
about ten days.
There were two bullet j hole3 in the
breast, -which apparently had caused
death, i-*e body being dismembered after
ward. From the lacerated . condition of
the. trunk it is believed that a butcher's
cleaver or an axe was used in the work.
LYNN, Mass., Oct. 17.— The trunk of a
man's body, with the head and legs sev
ered, was found to-day at Floating Bridge
Pond. The body was In . a coarse sack
strongly sewed at the" top and bottom and
was that of a man weighing about ICO
pounds. On the body were a dark jacket
and trousers.' The head had been severed
at the shoulders and the legs' at the knees
and the arms had also been cut off.
Two Bullets hi the Breast
Had Evidently Caused
His Death.
PART OF A BODY
FOUND IN A POND
SEATTLE, Oct. 17.— The. transport Car
lisle City, laden with forage for Manila
sailed to-day. Moji,. Japan, where she
will take coal, will be the first Asiatic
port touched. The Carlisle City carries
about 2S00 : tons of hay and oats. J. L.
de VevolsQ accompanies the Carlisle City
as quartermaster's agent, in charge of
the Government supplies.
MANILA, Oct. 17.-Under cover of a
stormy night Captain Elliott of tho For
tieth Infantry surprised the rebel head
quarters near Oroquota, Island of Min
danao, and captured without lighting Gen
eral Alvarez, with his staff and twenty
nve soldiers.
The capture Is important and will tend
to pacify the district. Alvarez had been
V?f J 1 long tlme Provoking hostilities in
Mindanao. It was he who effected tho
disastrous attack on Oroquota some time
ago and he was preparing another when
he was captured. •
Detachments of the Twenty-second and
eighteenth regiments engaged the rebela
near Tubuagan In Southern Panay, rout
ing them, killing twenty and wounding
Good Work Done by Captain
Elliott on Island of
Mindanao.
ALVAREZ AND HIS
STAFF CAPTURED
Jolly Goodfellows' Banquet.
The first grand banquet of the '.•jolly
Ooodfellows" of Bush Street Backshop
was given on Tuesday last at the Occi
dental Cafe. A most enjoyable evening
was spent and the following programme
was rendered:
Opening address by President Frank Adams;
piano solo, G. PatrosskI Volk; tenor solo, A.
lb"en; violin solo. A. Cnnrtn<»y; recitation. J.
McCarthy; selections by the. Club Quartet:
stories. La. Schumacher; song. A. Wilson: comic
sonar, Mike I>nrku»; recitation. M. Pandsteen:
comic songs. Messrs. Fredahl; Andre*. liunth;
"Travel in South Africa." talk by Mr. John
stonc; a few moments with Hallbpck and hia
flute; "Traveling In Montana," Carl Johnson;
sung, A. Orant; grand finale. "AuM Lang
Syne," by the club.
The social science department nee3s
money— and plenty of it. The ladles, who
are up to their eyes In business this week
to make that matinee the feature of the
week, are: Mrs Arthur Cornwall. Mrs.
Huckinerham. Mrs. Cachot. Mrs. Plunkett.
Miss Ida M. Kervan. Mrs. Blodgett. Mrs.
E. Z. Rolker. Mrs. Schell. Mrs. Bates.
Mrs. Barnett and Mrs. Truesdell.
The hospital section, under Mrs. G. E.
Bates, has entered upon the third year 01
its work of devotion to the needy and un
fortunate sick. Mrs. J. L. Tharp will
lead the prison section In Jts duties of
visiting the jails of the city, and members
are planning for special work among
those who are just leaving the prison
doors with no welcome awaiting them
and only temptation for their friend.
Mrs. Damkroeger is leader of the girls
club, and the fortunate members, al
though work.ng for their livelihood in
daylight hours, have become greatly at
tached to their organization, which fur
nishes them on certain evenings with In
struction in practical affairs and whole
some amusements, in which is included
music.
The social science department. of
which Mrs. Arthur Cornwall is chairman,
has added to Its original two sections—
the girls' club and the hospital section
a third which Is devoted to work In the
prisons.
The California Club expects all Its
friends and all the friends of its friend3
to buy tickets' and go. It Is j preparing
to give them a good deal more than their
money's worth. The Call told on Sunday
of the exceptionally good numbers of
which the programme will consist.
An afternoon with some of. the brightest
and best musical, histrionic and sketch
talent In the town; ten or a dozen girl
ushers in pretty frocks who would make
Gibson sigh for them as models, the Or
pheum as the scene and helpfulness, to
humanity as the object— that briefly tells
what next Tuesday's matinee will be un.
der the auspices of the California Club.
The club's department o* social science
and Its broad work Is * to be the bene
ficiary.
Splendid Programme for Next
Tuesday Afternoon.
California Club Ladies Arranging a
ORPHEUM BENEFIT FOR
A MOST WORTHY CAUSE
Bowery Boy beat Snapshot after an undecided;
Beer Brewer beat Sleety Mist; -Forget beat
Ever Shore.
Fourth round— May Hemristead beat Beauty
Spot; Little Sister beat Rollicking Airs; Daisy
Dale beat Bowery Boy; Beer Brewer beat For
get.
Fifth round— Ltttle Sister beat May Hemp
stead; Beer Brewer beat Daisy Dale.
Deciding course— Little Sister beat Beer
Brewer.
Third round— May H«mp«tea<i beat Gallant *
Beautv Spot beat St. Helen after an unde
cided; Little, Sister, beat Rest Assured; Rollick-
Ing Airs beat Mountain Beauty after an un
decided; Daisy Dale ran a bye. with Bad Boy;
Second round— May IIemi>stead beat Prince
Hal; Gallant beat Lily of the West; St. Helen
beat Concord; Beauty Spot beat McKinley;
Rest Assured beat Mlnnewawa; Rollicking Airs
beat High Born Lady; Little Stster beat Iowa
Maid: Mountain Beauty beat Lowlander; Klt
tloman and Cash were withdrawn; Snapshot
beat St. Michael; Bowery Boy beat Victor
Queen: Beer Brewer beat Honor Bright; Ever
Shore beat Metallic; Forget ran a bye with
Rusty Gold. . - :,
First round— Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal
beat Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt: Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead beat R- E. de B.
Lopez & Son's Dairy Maid: E. D. Fallen's Lily
of tho West beat J. Keenan's Lunriln Links;
Jamrs Dean's Gallant beat Cuntis & Sons'
Psyche after an undecided; Connell Bros.' St.
Helen beat Harrlfran A Wlegan's Overtime;
Lande & Gerber's Concord beat Captain Clark
son's Headwater; Curtis & Sons' McKlnley beat
J. Trade's Old Glory; P. L.. Taylor's Beauty
Spot beat J. Mooney'B Silent Treasure; Pasha
Kennels' Rest Assured bf-at J. J. Kenny's Win
ning Lassie: R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Mln
newawa beat Georgre Parkinson's Ben- Lomond:
Pasha Kennels'. Rollicking' Airs beat T. J.
Cronln's Vixen after an undecided; D. E. Wi
ley's HlKh Born Lady beat Pasha Kennels'
Real Article; E. M. Kellogrg's Iowa Maid beat
James Hurley's Shylock Boy; F.' A. McComb's
Little Sister beat James Byrne's Olympus; A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat E. M. Kel-
Iokr's Hen's Babe; L. F. Bartels' Banner
Brlfrht beat C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud; T.
J. Cronln's Daisy Dale beat George Sharman's
Miss Skyrocket: A. Johnson's Lowlander beat
Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel; J. Moriar-
Ity's Klttleman teat Pasha Kennels' Reve
d' Amour; Curtis & Sons' Cash beat R. E. de
B. Lopez & Son's Diablo: H. A.' Deckelman'8
Snapshot beat Sterl & Knowles' Ollta; J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael beat Captain Cane's Miss
Penman: George Sharman's Bowery Boy beat
iT. W. Bartels' Betsy Barrow after an unde
cided; Captain Cane's Victor Queen beat Pasha
Kennels' Round About; Captain Clarkson's
Flower of Gold beat W. Creamer's Onward; L.
F. Bartels' Ueer Brewer beat F. Schou's King's
Borderer; T. Logan's Honor Bright beat A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan;. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist beat James Hurley's Hurricane; Pasha
Kennels' Metallic beat Lowe & Thompson's St.
Oran: James Kennedy's Ever Shore beat Maher
& Reid's Bad Boy: J. P. Thrift's Forget beat
Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold. .
A number of favorites, some at fair
odds, were toppled over by. the short-end
ers. In the deciding dourse Little Sister
was on the short end of a 1 to 3 shot. In
the first round the players of Prince -Hal.
Lily of the West, Gallant, Concord. Min
nie "Wa "\Va, High Born Lady, Banner
Bright, Snapshot, Honor Bright, Ever
Shore and Metallic pocketed the cash.
Rest Assured and Sleety Mist at 3 to 5
against Minnie "Wr Wa and Honor Bright
were winners and Gallant and Bowery
Boy against Lily of the West and Victor
Queen at 1 to 2 brought money to' their
backers. In the third round Beauty Spot
beat St. Helen at 1 to 3 and Bowery Boy
beat Snapshot at 2 to 1. Daisy Bell at 1
to 3 beat Bowery Boy In the fourth round.
The score:
What was generally considered the most
interesting and best midweek reserve
stake ever run at Union Park resulted
yesterday in unbroken victories for P. A.
McComb's Little Sister. All through the
day Little Sister's work was fast and
consistent. .The score, 8 to 1, tells how
the deciding course with L. F. Bartels'
Beer Brewer was won.
After tho first found the poor dogs were
pretty well weeded out. Xearly all the
subsequent courses proved close and hard
fought. Brisk betting and good hares lent
additional vigor to the leashmen's enjoy
ment.
Its Kind.
Midweek Coursing Event the Best of
As the draw goes the talent pick Palo
Alto in the upper half and Beacon in the
lower.
LITTIiE SISTER WINS THE STAKE
Russell, Allen & Wilson's First Foot vs. J.
A. Klein names J. Jackson's Golden Russet ;
E. Geary's Palo Alto vs. T. J. Cronln's Van
dal; F. Sehou names J. E. Chambille's Hot
Foct vs. F. A. McComb's Royal Flush; T. J.
Cronln'B Wild Tral<»<? vs. W. C GlasF.on names
Curtis & Son's Narcissus; Oeorge >>ethercot'9
Floodgate vs. A. T. Leonard's Mayflower; V.
E. Wiley names J. McCarthy's John Doe vs.
H. C. Saul naine» F. Jones' Wedge wood; George
Malcolm names Welch & Heenan's Sacramento
Boy vs. F. ¦ A. McComb's Sir Pasha: P. J.
Keilly's The Grafter vs. P. J. Relllys Royal
Union; I. F. Halton names J. H. Rosseter's
Knyal Anne vs. T. W. Cartels' Mac's Melody;
J. J. Kenny names George Sharman's Chicago
Boy vs. R. K. de B. Lopez & Son's name J.
Carroll's Master Olalr: Georgre Whitney's
Theron vs. \V. J. Browning names C. llonar's
Wild Nora; I). Dillon's Dewdrop vs. R. E. de
13. Lopez & Son's Sara; C. L. Appleby names
Curtis & Son's Cash vs. J. Cane's Oreenball;
J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs. A. T. Leonard names
J. P. Reilly's Honesty; J. H. Roseter'a Fiery-
Face vs. C. C. Griswold names Curtis & Son's
Fl-ing Fox; K. M. Kellosg's Kid McCoy vs.
E. deary'" Ireland; J. H. Halton names P.
J. Reilly's Warship vs. II. A. Deckelman's
Rocker; Curtis & Son's Luxor vs. P. M. Clark
son's Golden Garter; U. II. Malcolm names
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Strayaway vs. J.
Dean's Slsquoe; I. F. Halton names J. II. Ros
peter's Random Aim vs. Thomas Kennedy
names M. ]>unlevy> Erin; H. F. Anderson's
Crawford Braes vs. L. F. Bartels' Best Bar-.
jraln; J. R. Smith's Sylvanus vs. T. J. Mc-
Inerney's Annl^ linH; J. M. Halton nam*s J.
H. Rosseter's Roman Athlete vs. W. II. Hlnch
mnn names Curtis & Son's King Cotton; J. H.
Perluo's Rone vs. D. Ersklne names J. Dean's
Oonnemara: Sterl & Knowles' For Glory vs.
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Spiteful: E. Shot
well names Mose vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Nora:
George K. Raubinfrer names T. Ttem<«y's Tea
llo»e vs. Curtis & Son's Beacon; R. W. Mas
tick names F. A. MeComn's Ltttle Sifter vs.
J. H. Halton names S. Hundy's Twin City Girl;
B. Jones names J. II. Rosseter's Real Article
vs. Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDonald: K.
E. Shotwell names F. Jones' Harlean Gladys
vs. J. H. Rose.ter's Rude Awakening: A. C.
LlKhthall names Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Faithful Lad vs. Georgre Van Bergen's Red
Angus; n. K. Malcolm's Fine Fire vs. J. J.
Kenny names J. Carroll's Auckland.
On Sunday the sport will begin with the
first round of the consolation, and then
the two stakes will alternate until the
completion of both. There will be no draw
for' the consolation, the courses following
the order in which the dogs were beaten.
This is how the dogs were drawn for
the John Grace stake, showing the owner
as well as the nominator:
In order to accommodate the crowds a
special train service has been arranged.
On Saturday trains will leave Third and
Townsend streets at 11 a. m.and 1 p. m.
On Sunday the trains will leave at 9:15,
10:15 and 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 and 2 p. m.
The sixty-four dogs entered are win
ners of many a handsome prize on many
a hard-fought tield. .according to the
terms of the stake, members of the Inter
state Coursing Club have the right to
nominate two dogs, but this does not pre
clude an owner from having other dogs
in the stake as long as they are nomi
nated by other members. The entrance
fee was $50.
Consolation stake— Winner, $200; runner-up,
J130; next two at $100i«next four at $70; next
eight at $50. Totul, $1210. To(nl or both stakes,"
$6610.
John C race cup stake—^Winner, $1500; runner
up, $700; next, two at $400; next four at $200;
next eight at $100; next sixteen at $tO. Total,
J54CO. ¦
• The draw for the great John Grace
challenge cup which will be run on Sat
urday and Sunday at Union Coursing
Park was held last night at Pythian Hall.
This event, easily the foremost on the
American coursing books, both on ac
count of the quality of the dogs entered
and the magnitude of the prizes, will
eclipse everything of its kind ever plan
ned in this country.
Al! told $6610 will be distributed among
the owners who have entered hounds in
this stake event. The principal stake, the
John Grace, will carry $5400 In prizes; the
consolation $1210. It was originally plan
ned to divide tne JG610 among the lucky
ones in a single stake by offering spe
cials which would swell the $5400 to the
full stake figures. But the dog owners fa
vored a consolation and the Interstate
Coursing ""Club fell In line with their
wishes, fixing the consolation stake as
the consumer of the extra prize money.
The prizes in detalW^re as follows:.
Prizes for Principal and Consolation Stakes
Amount to More Tnan Six
Thousand Dollars.
Draw for the John Grace- Challenge Cup
Which Will Be Run on Saturday
and Sunday. 7 %
RECORD-MAKING STAKE
FOR CHAMPION HOUNDS
Hilitia Marksmen Compete.
SAN DIKOO. Oct. 17.— Excellent scores
¦were made at the second of the State
1 shoots of Company Ji of the Sixth R.-gi
ment to-day. A numl>er of members
made more than 00 out of a possible 75 at
200. 3^0 and i/X> yards. The boys h'td a
match with Company G of Re<H"ands and
defeated the team by two points to each
man. The teams shot on their own
ranges and telegraphed the results. Red
lands made 'Mi points; San Diego SSI
points. There were twenty in the shoot
ing teams.
Winners of Salinas Races.
SALINAS, Oct. 17.— At the fair grounds
to-day Limber Jim won the half-mile heat
raw, unfinished from 'yesterday, Venus K
taking second money. The 2:13 pace was
not df-clded. Wild Nutling taking the first
two heats Jn 2:12^4 and 2:12, and Delphf
the third and fourth in 1:13V4 and 1:14^
The gpecial trot was won by Charley
Mack in straight heats; time. 1:18. 1:19
and 1:20. Fine Shot won the half-mile
running race from Iloya! Fan and Ferret.
Nelson Lowers the Record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— Johnny Nelson, the
middle-distance bicycle champion, cut
22 1-5 seconds ofif the world's indoor mo
tor-paced record for fifteen miles at the
Colineum. to-night In his match race with
Fisher.- Nelson went the distance In
27:*1 1-5 and beat Fisher by 'over seven
laps. Fisher caught his machine first and
led up 10 five miles, but after -that the
pace became too hot for'hlm and Nelson
forced ahead,
HAI-FMOON BAY. Oct. 16. -A' large
gathering of citizens was addressed here
last night by Hon. E. P. Loud. E. Myron
Wolf and Hon. C. I. Brown.
Loud at Halfmoon Bay.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 17.— Shortly before
midnight to-night the Sacramento plan
ing mill of Minford & Minford at Front
and O streets, was burned to the ground.
The loss is about$25,000, partly covered by
insurance.
Planing Mill Burned.
WOODLAND. Oct. 17.— M. Dlggs, I. A.
Morris, E. P. Huston, T. B. Gibson. H. S.
Joslyn, J. I. McConnell. C. W. • Thomas
and \V. II. Grant will represent the Wood
land Chamber of Commerce in the meet-
Ing of the Sacramento Development As
sociation to be held In Red Bluff on Tues
day, October 23. A meeting of the cham
ber has been called for the same evening
for the purpose. of formulating plans that
will aid in securing terminal facilities for
Woodland.
Will Represent Woodland.
PLACERVILLE, Oct. 17.— Isaiah Zum
walt. who killed his wife, son and niece
on the 7th of June, was to-day sentenced
by Judge Nilon to be hanged at Folsom
on December 21. Zumwalt will be taken
to Folsom to-morrow, but as his attor
neys have filed a notice of appeal to tho
Supreme Court, which cannot be h*>ard
¦until next May, his execution ¦will be long
delayed.
Murderer Zumwalt.
Decree of Death Pronounced Upon
SENTENCED TO BE HANGED.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— Sir Thomas
Llpton's challenge for the Amer
ica's cup was read and Commo
dore I/odyard was authorized to
appoint a committee to accept
the same by the New York Yacht Club
to-night in almost record time, The fol
lowing resolution was adopted:
"That the commodore be authorized to
appoint a committee to accept the chal
lenge of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club,
with power to arrange the terms of tho
match; to make any arrangements as to
dates, courses, number ,of trials and sail
ing regulations and any'nnd all other con
ditions of the match, the same to bo sailed
under the direction of the regatta com
mittee pursuant to the constitution."
Immediately after the regular meeting
of the club the committee called for in
the resolutions was appointed aa follows:
Commodore Lewis Cass Ledyard. Vice
Commodore August Belmont. Rear Com
modore C. L. F. Robinson, Secretary J. S,
V. Oddle. Chairman of the Regatta Com
mittee S. Nicholson Kane, ex-Commodore
E. D. Morgan, E. M. Brown, J. P. Morgan
and Cuptain C. Oliver Iselin.
As Boon as the committeemen were
named they held a meeting, at which the
challenge of Sir Thomas was formally ac
cepted on behalf of the club. At the con
clusion of the committee meeting the fol
lowing cablegram was sent to H. C.
Kelly, secretary of the Royal Ulster
Yacht Club, Belfast:
"Meeting committee held. Your chal
lenge accepted. Conditions same as they
stood at the close of last- year's races, in
cluding private agreement as to accidents
and accept as modiiled as to days of races
by your challenge and extending limit of
time of start to 2 p. m., suitable to change
of months. Is this satisfactory?"
The formal letter of challenge which
was received from the secretary of the
Royal Ulster Vacht Club, addressed to
the* secretary of the New York Yacht
Club, was as follows:
"I am requested by Sir Thomas Upton
to forward you this challenge for the
America's cup, subject, as to starts and
courses and other details, to the samo
conditions as upon the occasion of the
last race, which were found so satisfac
tory.
"The first race to be sailed on Tuesday,
August 20, ir<01. ...
"The second race to be sailed on Thurs
day, August 22.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"The third race to be sailed on Satur
day, August 24. v
'•Further races, if. any, to be sailed upon
the same days in the following weeks.
"I, therefore, on bGhalf of the lloyal
Ulster Yacht Club and In the name of
Sir Thomas J. Lipton. rear commodore of
tho club, challenge to sail a series of
matches with tho yacht Shamrock II
against any one yacht or vessel construct
ed in the Lnlted States of America for the
America's cup.
"Following are the particulars of the
challenging vessel:
"Owner. Sir Thomas J. Lipton.
"Name of yacht. Shamrock II.
"Length of load water line, S9.5 feet.
"Hig, cutter.
"The custom-house measurement will
follow as soon as the vessel can be meas
ured for registration."
It was ascertained that the important
matter of building a new boat to defend
the cup was not officially considered.
• There will be a boat built." said lead
ing members, and while little could be
gleaoeO regarding tho possible owner of
the vessel that is required, there were
rumors in the air that Cornelius Vander
bilt would be the one to act. No better
opportunity will ever to had for one of
the younger members of the c.'ub to estab
lish an international yachting reputation.
WASHINGTON; Oct.
Interest is taken in naval circles here as
to the characteristics of the new defender
U> be built to compete with tho yacht Sir
Thomas Liptor. will send to the United
States to- "lift" the America's cup.
Hear Admiral Hlchborn, chief construc
tor, is eonndent that if Sir Thomas can
make the new Shamrock speedier Ameri
can yacht builders should be able to butld
a yacht faster than the Columbia, Speak
ing to-day of what may be expected from
American yacht builders, Admiral Hich
born said:
"The time Intervening between the last
race for the America's cup and the race
now contemplated has not boen lost by
our designers. The 70-foot 'Yankee class 1
which were hulk by the Herreshoff Manu
facturing Company and which were so
tnoroughiy tried in many competitions
during last summer has kept the minds
or yachtsmen and designers nlort to take
advantage of any possible improvements
If n-hen the trials of Shamrocks No 1
and No. 2 /ire held It Is found that the last
boat is better than the first I believe that
our designers will be able to Improve on
tho Columbia or build an improved Co
/umbla which shall successfully defend
the cup.
SIR THOMAS UPTON, THE GALLANT ENGLISH SPORTSMAN. WHO IS
WILLING TO SPEND HIS ENTIRE FORTUNE TO LIFT THE AMER
ICA'S CUP, FOR WHICH HE AGAIN CHALLENGES,
Court adjourned until to-morrow.
Youtsey's condition to-night is much
worse. He had another paroxysm and Is
unable to take nourishment except hypo
dermlcally.
The defense closed nere, with permis
sion to put on one more witness to-mor
row. The commonwealth began Its re
buttal by putting William Ayers on the
stand. He said Short did tell him all that
Short admitted, and also told him that
the insult to Kohn and Phelps before tho
contest board the night before Guebel's
assassination was prearranged ana part
of the plan to bring on a riot.
He turned to answer the question and
found It was Youtsey who had asked it.
He said he did not b:.« Youtsey enter the.
room.
James Howard testified that he was the
game Howard who was recently tried and
convicted for the murder of William Goe
bel: that he never saw Youtsey in his life
to know him; never had any talk at any
tlmg with Youtsey, nor did he accompany
Youtsey to any place or room anywhere
at any time; that he was not In Caleb
Powers" office jon the morning of January
30 or in any other room in that building
on that morning. On cross-examination
he said he had been convicted of murder-
Ing George Baker of Clay County, had
secured a new. trial and went to Frank
fort on January 30 to secure a pardon
from Taylor; that he was in the Board of
Trade Hotel when Goobel was shot.
IV. J. .Davidson of Seattle and Mrs. C.
E. Nelson of Cnicago testified through
affidavits for the delense. Davidson said
the leaving of a gun by Youtsey In his
omce on January u7 had no reference to
any attempt to kill Goebel or any one else.
airs. Nelson Bald sne saw Youtsey on
tfffi fast steps of the executive building
¦so soon after the shooting that he could
not have taken part In It.
C W. Short of Pinevllle said he was In
the barber shop under the executive build
ing when the shots were tired and that
immediately after the shot some one bo
hind him asked, "Did you hear that Bhoot
lne'.' Where was It?"
James Ktnney and Lee Jenkins of
Georgetown testified that they had made
the test and found that while running
down the steps into the basement of trio
executive building a man's footfalls can
not be heard In the barber shop with
either the door open or shut.
The defense got In some strong testl
mony to-day, equarely contradicting the
prosecution's witnesses.
The feature of the day was the testi
mony of Colonel Nelson, one of Youtsey's
attorneys, who denied that he had told
Arthur Goebel and Colonel Campbell that
"Youtsey knew enough to hang: Governor
Taylor," but admitted that he did say his
client (Youtsey) knew "something that
would be very beneticial to the common
wealth In the prosecution of Taylor."
The prosecution argued from this that
if Youtsey thus admitted that he did
know something damaging to Taylor, he
mu?t necessarily know other details of
the tragedy.
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Oct. 17.— The de
fense In the Youtsey trial closed its case
late tills afternoon and the commonwealth
began its rebuttal testimony, which will
likely be concluded to-morrow at noon.
YoutFey's condition was materially im
proved to-day, though he still remains In
a stupor most of the time.
Mrs. Kelson cf Chicago Says Youtsey
Was Outside the Building Im
mediately After the
Shooting.
Condition of Accused Man
blightly Improved, but
He Is Very 111.
TESTIMONY IN
YOUTSEY'S FAVOR
<<ne mile ana a !:a!f— IVJgrade won, L«oeo
ch<^ FfCund. ilalj of Harlem third. Time.
1.27H.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 17.— Results at New
port:
rive and a half furl'inc*— Trinity Bell won,
Kor.ova aeoonSJ K:> thirl Tir.io, IW£.
'*\x ana a h«!f Gotoae*. s^ihrig— Nancy Till
»'un, Za.ra second. <"a!.j<f<-an third. Time,
O^e mile and an eighth. Belling— I>eft Bower
won. JVt«r Dunra swond. Wood Trice third.
Time. l.Wi.
One mil-. selHrjr— Irish Jewel won, AVilfon
eertrid. J<rar.<h thtrd. Time. l:41«i.
Mx furlons^-Kini; I'.aire won. li^npal «.-cond,
Th^ Inventor third. Time. 1:15.
Fix an! a half furl-rss. (*llinK-Marion
l^yoca v.in, Brolare Mcond. Irt» thirj. Time,
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— Results at Harlem.
Five furlor.E!^-?hut fp won. El Oriente m
ond. lAzm itall third. Viree. l:00\.
. j-.tecjjechase. fhnrt courte-What Next won
t-al!u?l Eecmd. Ji»'cky Iioife third. Time
¦ C»n* mile and an -ighth-PfM'cinr won, CV, K 
g«I second. Knicht Uanneret third. Time,
Hix furlwsik-HichUad i^ won. T;#:ie Iriuh-
DUO se<v* n <i. Fhar;. i'.lrj thlr.J. Time, in ].
onT SS S££ T - !~>
ST. LOUIfi. Oct. 17.— Another excellent
f^ti " i , low « r teK «»f the worlds six
furiorg drcu ar - track record a fifth
cf a second by J. f Holt's four.
year-old clxs.nut ! WS , iS,^
Ipnpth fro.n Blassto I>avis m ir flat a
One mi)e. ffilinir-Sylvian txon Jim Turner
•erond. Hill Jarkman third. Time i^i,
H« , furlone^- Profiler won. Turn l£npln K
eecond. Ka-.g-erfi^Id third. Time i-ui, ppln *
One mile. wlIin^-EI «;hor won, John Morton
cerend. Zanctte third. Time 1 «:('(. Jln " on
" <kF''* , fur . 1 " n ' !s - own "p- handic ar .-Hun,mer wen.
iiafKle tayta ¦eeoad. Ooid i>r third. Tlrae. 1:12
2"™S wliing— Einstein woo, fVItlc Hard
ee-'nd. <irey Korpe third. Time 1414
j .<*¦ rnile and r-ev-rty yards. se!Hn K -Ik.hul
von, Jimp Ferond. Skillman third. Time, 1:45.
. one Tr.ile— Carry H'-rr.ian won. Rolling Boer
eecornl. L»r. Barlow tnird. Time. 1:13.
Or.e mile— \V«Tt Itadfn w. 'n, tfupiKirt seconj.
Captain Jar.uar}' third. Tim*, l:4..*- 4 .
XEW YORK. Oct. IT.— Three consola
tion events ar.cl three fair races made up
the card nt jlorri? Park to-day. The Cas
t'.eton. a Foiling rtake for two-year-olds,
was the or;ly Qxtnre decided and that
went to Tcrr.ploton. who won the Silver
Brook yesterday. She v.-as at the lucra
tive price of 7 to 1, Oadurdli and Ashes
being heavily played. OnJurdis was
backed from 3 to 1 to 6 to 0. but ran a
disappointing raco. Candle and Ashes
made the running, but Mitchell kepi Ttni
pU'ton vrell up and coming away in the
laft furlong u'on ridden out by half a
lfnsrth. Afliis trxjk the place, a. lengtn
from Candle. Track slow. Summary:
Bteeplpcltase, about two miles— Sorr.ers won,
Zanzibar eecivi. Walter Cieary tnird. Time,
Sellir.g. five »n4 a Jislf furlongs— Mfdsuir.rr.er
mroa, V.axtaier secoud, HuHe thjrj. Time,
1:05.
The Cutleton, M-liinir, five furtone^-Tejnplc
tcn wen. Ashes rrfflta, Candle thinl. Time,
Beats A?hes and Candle in
the Only Fixture Decided
at Morris Park.
Steeplechase for Non-Winners Dur
ing the Year Taken by Sorners
at Odds of Twenty
to One.
TEMPLETOH WINS
CASTLETDN STAKE
i come of Jealousy. The fact that the Prince
! of Wales has retained the services of Tod
• Sloan at perhaps the highest retainer ever
I given to a jocKey i= regarded a.* a clear
i indication that his Royal Highness does
: not share .the opinions of I^ord Durham
and i.« regarded as a significant refutation
i of the charges agabist Messrs. Drake
] and Wlflhard published by the stewards of
I the Jockey Club.
J. A. Drake in an interview to-dny said
1 that American Jockeys are clearly not
wanted here and that the time will soon
: «~orno when they will in some way be
: handicapped off the course.
_TFtor KHff voiced the consensus of
j opinion of a 11 the American .jockeys when
; he asserted that "no one outside would
i credit what the American jockey is com
{ peiled to put up Kith. Every obstacle and
i irritatinp annoyance possible is resorted
to to o>f<*at us. and it is only by the ex
! rrcipp of the greatest self-control that we
; are enabled to prevent an open rupture
; with our English competitors, which we
: are all anxious to avoid."
Hi nry Lahouchero's Truth calls upon
; the Jockey Club to adopt the rule of the
i American Jockey Club prohibiting all
"artificial aids." such as mysterious
; thinks arul hypodermic injections "where
; by a horse can be momentarily improved
• out of all recognition." The article con
tinues:
"Those knowing when a horse has been
: treated to a stimulant and when not have
¦ a sure cp.rd up their sleeves. A grp^t deal
! of the recent form has been scandalously
; irreconcilable an<i, taken in connection
with the betting on the races, the ques
j tion appears nagraruly suspicious."
Certain English Horsemen and Riders
Would Like to See Them Ruled
Off the Turf.
Attacks, Said to Be Inspired by Jealousy,
Growing More Bitter and Sides
Are Being Taken.
DISLIKE FOR AMERICAN
JOCKEYS IS GROWING
LONDON*. Oct. 17.— The results of the
Eeconii ti.iy's racinif at the G;itw!ck Oc
tober merlins are not calculated to lessen
the British irritation nt the supremacy of
the Amerfcaa jookfys on the KnttUsh turf,
as evldf-nrod by the severe attack made
upon Americas Jockey* by Lord Durham
tit a recent meeting of the Jockey Club.
The first four races on to-day*a pro
pramme wore won 1 y riders importeil
frr.m the Tnlted States and one of the
wiriniiip borses is the property of an
Airrrifan.
The Gatwlck mJddJe-weI«ht handicap
was won by C. S. Newton's Ame^r, with
Drnmy Uahet in the saddle. This race
i.- of i KB Boverel^ns, tiSstance one and a
ha if ir.ll.-s.
The Montofiore plate of 109 sovereigns
DCfUlted in a victory for John Smith's
Mountain Buck, ridden by RlgbV- This
event wa« for ihree-\^ar-olus at one mile.
Hipby also f.r.lt-hen tirst on -Mr. Duke's
Kline's Ii\id<:'Tirp in the Crawtor selling
handicap of 2 1 *) soveroign?. distance seven
furtoccs.
The Molo plate was wen by Mr. Drake's
Irish 1-a^s. with [tester Re;:r in the rad
dle. This event is of 100 sovf-rei*riis, for
two-year-olds. live furlongs.
Observers of recent events were not sur
prised at L^ir'l Durham's action. The
rtorm had tw-on gatbericc for some time.
It i? j-ohitr-j out. however, that his I»rd
ehlp'fi admission that American? are oust
ing the loss ?ucce?-»fu! Criti«h trainer?
and }ockfys from the turf clearly shorn
that attack? en the Americans Is th" out-
,1
LIPTON'S C HALLENGE
WILL BE ACCEPTED
Cornelius VanflerWlt Ma^ Build a Yacht to
Compete, With the New, Shamrock.
THE SAK FRANCISCO' CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900,
4
«fc CO.,
Or, Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strong
men and" womth 'stronger.* Rooms 5 and S. 47
Post st., San Francisco, Cal.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17.— The American.
Mexican and Pacific Railroad Company has let
a contract to construct a road from Tucson to
Calabasas. a distance of ¦ slxty-flve mllas.
Bradbury & Go. of Denver are the contractors.
Work beslns at once.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
H&SaS*^"*'^ 421 Kearny st.. 8. F.. for
¦P^^ Fishing- Tackle and Sporting
Goods. Tbe largest . stock on
the Pacific Coast of -every description. Send i
cents in postage stamps for tbe latest SO-patro
illustrated catalogue. No. 4. . - '
That torturing and disfiguring disease
has its cause in an impure condition of
the blood. The impure condition of the
blood often arises from a diseased condi-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Disease and weak-
ness of men. Es-
tablished 1SS1. Con-
t sultation free.
¦ 7,'51 Market st
(elevator entrance).
San Francisco.
Specialists
DR. MEYERS
IKS
bBeSbbSBL tBbt *
jagxggjBap gal l%J r^£9
Jb&I&W E§|i • l§T»iLw
SIGOEADAGHE
Jtfofiittvcly coxed t?y tbeao
.Little Pills.
Tbey also relieve Distress from Dppepb,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Aper*
feet renndy fcr Dlzrtaes3, Nausea, DrowsJ.
ness. Bad Taste to the Mrnrth, Coated Tongue
Pain fa the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin. Small Dose.
: Sm&ti P?Ico*/
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late sci-
entific method applied to the puma. No aleep-
producing «ent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors in San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
• nd Ingredients to extract. ft:i and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectab'.e from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth $3: a perfect fit. Rtiaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns, to. Gold f.Ulnffs. $1. Silver flu.
Inca 60c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Glva
}us a call, and you will find us to dr> exactly as
we advertise. We will t»ll you In advance ex-
¦ctlyT»Hat your work will cost by a FREE EX-
AMINATION.
New York Denta! Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. Op.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH
TO THE PUBLIC !
SAN * FRANCISCO. Oct.
/&rd$$ij!jj?j\ 5. 1DM.— To whom it niajr
¦ G!«? "SM concern: This if to certify
TEtJ that r>R.' WON'G HIM of
V?S*€? I 115-117 Mason street. San
p/i* / Franclsoo. has cured BM
¦fjpjfc*^ J of kidney trouble an-i
jy3r^— / rheumatism and I am
_iirfV^55 "'i^j. - harry to make this state-
' >5^V^ ment. as I firi'l tho Doctor
TKV^§^?n3~JwVV >R J ri ' tiv hor.est !n every
**"*—^" hor.nrabl<» man In all his
dealings. DR. C. A. (JAY, Dentist. 902 Second
ave., Seattle, Wash.
PINOLE, June 23. 18».— 1 take this means of
expressing my thar.ks tn'Pr. Wong Him. 11j-
tlt Mascn street. H;\n Francisco, for having
cureil rr.e of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I was a great sufferer for 15
jrcari and fovnd no permanent r»llef until I
tried Pr. Wong Him arnl In six months' timo
he has cured me. Any iienion wishlnK me to
certify this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BETZ.
Pinole, Contra Costa County, Cal.
S. F.. December 4. lS3r>.-I>r. Wong Him, 115-
117 Mason »t.. 3. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For th*
benefit of others I wish to mkki> a statement of
my ease, which was henrt trouble. After treat-
ing with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. Hearinsr ct Dr. Wotis
Him anil hfs wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating stx months T am now well and
strong. Your*. r»!>i<»rtfu1!irf,
: MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission «t., 8. F.
DON'T be "bashful
About statins your preference as to tho
laundering of any particular article. If
you like more starch — or less starch — In
your linen, be kind enough to tell U3, and
you will get just what you want. In
short, we mean that we are under obli-
gations to you If you criticize -where crit-
icism Is due — you'll admit that this is sel-
dom the case.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts, if
you order it. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Offlco 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
.^MAekh- TONC F"O CHY.
iBg£53g!fc» Successor u> Dr. LAI PO TAI.
1&2B£a!g|L2tt jjraduate of Canton Medical
wSHagi College, after a very suocpss-
BH f' jl practice of many years in
]»a«S Tr China, has located in Sin
C» V (Q Francisco. The surprising and
1JB\ y marvelous cures effected by
IESA yk h!» herbs demonstrate their
-jp*<Vg». potence and his skill. Th-s.*
#WSftrSg5%\Hh rb * cure over 400 di!T^r»nt
t%§m&F£!&? < ;lso:lse! '. includins: UrUhfj
i*4C1B£xnr*> . Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asthma, Paralysis,
Prain, Nerve. Cancers. Tumors, Blood, Mala
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
»!th any kind of malady whatsoever are In-
vited to call. Office, 727 Washington st. Office
hours — 9 a. ra. to 12 m.. t to 9 p. m. : Sundays.
10 a m. to II m. Accept irrateful thanks fop
effecting 1 a cure cf asthma of several years'
standing. A. DARLEY, San Rafael.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A GREAT RKSTORATIVE. IN VIGOR i-
tor and Nervine. . **"
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonlo for the Sesual Organs for both sexes
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the kid-
neya and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
SABER. ALF9 A BRUNTS. Agents?"
S3 Market »t.. B. F— <Send fcr Circular.)
dk HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATORSHT^
Five hundr«l reward for any PkjMH"^Sa
case we cannot cur*>. This K°cr-t «SS Kail
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours Rj J
cures Emissions, Impotency Vari- P*— res!
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet ' Ftt-t l«?l w38l
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all IjMj R33
wasting effects of self-abuse or HH PWt
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle- 3 KB£KB&' < £l
bottles, $3; guaranteed* to cure'anv caw a^i
dress HALl/S MEDICAL IXSTITCTE
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also lor Jala at lffnt?
kI *- ¦ jf-», m^i xk ->r>v» h * inn °* *k e stomach
and allied orvuis of
¦&£^I^SrC&S&s] digestion an.r ntitri-
tion. When diges-
'S(w'™w\^ tion is imperfect, the
SPiP% V »f ?utrition of the body
y<8eg^» -^ •^~rj£jf nee ds. The blood be-
r<^>v2«a er'i com ~ s thin, poisons
-PSria \+ iPS<i acctunu^ a te in it, and
c~g|v*jL*'^/K^ these poisons often
v£^£§|£^>^2i5|^Ni( manifest themselves
*"yfi||& *? some eruptive
s^SwsMl^kSIS^ Doctor Pierce's
G 0^ 11 Medical Dls-
S3* - vV\tvg5<raa cov ery cures diseases
gj ,V^)a^ of the stomach and
tP4tniAr °ther organs of di-
ntiwuf JrWh\ K est ' on a nd nutri-
\\\\ Cp^#/1 tion - Jt eliminates
Px aHJ^ffl^^^ poisonous substances
<^^fi{!illrafv^ from the blood, puri-
lying it and increa*.
ing its Quantity &nd
1 richness. The " Dis-
I covery " cures per-
'. ' fectly diseases of the
blood and other diseases which originate
in a diseased condition of the stomach.
The 3 Discovery g is absolutely a non-
alcoholic and non -narcotic medicine.
There is nothing "just as good."
"For three years I have mffered with that
dreaded disease, eczema," writes Mr9. J. Koepp.
of. Herman. Oregon. "I was told to try Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, which I did.
and after I had taken fourteeu bottles I was
permanently cured. It has been a year since I
stopped taking your medicine and it has never
appeared since. I think your mediciue a won-
derful cure and hope others sufferinir aa I did
will take it and be relieved of their suffering."
Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are
powerful aids- to the cleansing of the
clogged system. By all dealers in
medicine.party three years ago they would have laughed
it to scorn. The change of the public thought
within that period is the most appalling proof
of the existence of imperialism.
But Republicans say, how do you know that
we are going to make slaves of the Filipinos —
how do you know we are not going- to make
citizens of them? Do you know which way
McKinley is ffolng on this question? they
ask. We don't know and we doubt If McKln
ley does either. We do not know if he is go
ing to introduce imperialism by taking in 10,
000,000 Filipinos as subjects or to degrade
American labor by taklnx them in as citi
zens. We do know he intends doing one or
the other. But at his humble home In Lin
coln there la a man broad of mind and strong
of arm who intends, neither and he deserves
Prejudice alone ke^ps men from doing their
duty. It is the assassin of conscience. I ap
peal to you to cast aside your prejudices; Join
with those who would save the republic from
the maelstrom of Imperialism toward which
she is drlftlnz-.
'y 25c — set to-day 15C
Great Audience
at Metropolitan
Temple.
ONE of the greatest audiences that
has assembled at any meeting In
San Francisco during this cam
paign gathered in Metropolitan
Temple last night. It was the
magic of Stephen M. White's name that
brought the multitude together, for the
former Senator was billed to speak. Dis
appointment was in store for them, for
through a misunderstanding White did
not come north from Los Angeles. Wil
am H. Alford was substituted and he de
livered a speech that held the close at
tention of the audience and very few left
without hearing him to the end.
K. t*. Troy announced that there had
?r ee ?«-£ mlsunders tanding as to Stephen
M. \\ hite s engagement. Tho former Sen
ator had been in telephonic communica
tion from Los Angeles with the State
Central Committee in the course of the
"a- y and it had been arranged that he
should speak in San Francisco Saturday
night. Mr. Troy then introduced John J.
\ alentine as the chairman of the even
ing and after a campaign song by Miss
Etta Walsh Mr. Valentine introduced Mr.
Alford, who spoke In part as follows:
Industrial freedom Is impossible so long as
a trust exists. We hear our Republican friends
say that there are grood and bad trusts. Mr.
Harma says there are "no trusts except the ice
elave. John Sherman was right when he said
that through the trusts there would soon be a
maMer to fix the price of every necessity of
The Republicans deny that there Is an issue
cf imperialism. I lay It down as a principle
that never has a powerful nation fallen except
by the indifference of the people to evils at a
time when they mlsht have been remedied.
Th? dancer to this country does not He in
the power of its enemies but in the lndlJTer
danfrer threatens; our hearthstones are safe
from foreign invasion. The fact of imperialism
is evident. If a proposition to govern a people
without holding out to them the hope of state
hood had been submitted to the Republican
Continuing Mr. Kahn spoke or the part
he had played In preventing Nome being
•converted Into a subport of entry, and of
many other beneficial bills hs had been
Instrumental In framing or putting
through during his term.
The speaker was Introduced by the pres
ident of the club, George W. Lewis, who
also addressed the audience on the issues
of the day, telling them that the nation's
prosperity lay with the present adminis
tration.
Other speakers were Maxwell McNutt,
who delivered a short but telling arraign
ment of political bunko men; I. Golden,
¦who related how the flag had been fought
for step by step In the Philippines, and
A. P. Van Duzer, whose speech reminded
the audience of where their duty lay on
election day.
Sam Booth's famous Rough Rider's
quartet sang often, but not enough for the
audience. W. I. Heffernan chanted a
comic song: T. Ryan vocalized, as did
Joe, Martin and Fred Everett. Professor
Smith and Professor Jewell furnished a
sleight-of-hand performance.
THE Central Republican Club of
the Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict extended a reception at Sara
toga Hall last night to Julius
Kahn, whom the programme de
scribed as "our present and next Con
gressman from the Fourth District." The
hall was packed to the doora with spec
tators and friends of the Congressman.
"I repute . the falsehood circulated by
certain of my political enemies," said
Kahn, In his address, "to the effect that
I voted against the Nicaragua Canal bill.
All who know me know how I felt In the
matter. I was absent at the time the bill
was voted on. I had been called to the
bedside of my dying mother. Of this fact
m7 enemies took advantage. In their ef
forts to fasten some kind of slander on
Young Orator From Tulare Pleads Elo
quently the Cause of Rryanism.
Central Club Lis
tens to Julius
Kahn.
ALFORD THE SPEAKER
IN ABSENCE OF WHITE
Had His Leg Broken.
John McCabe. residing at 35 Shipley
street, was caught beneath a load of
freight that fell from a truck last evening
and had his leg broken. The broken bone
was set at the Harbor Hospital by Dr.
Starr.
Death of ex-Corporal Heaney.
Ex-Corporal of Police John Heaney,
who for years was station keeper at the
Seventeenth-street station, died yesterday
at Ms home, 33 Noe street. Heaney was
retired on April 4. 1S&9, on account of fail
ing health. He was appointed a member
of the police force on May 22, 1S7S.
Supervisor McCarthy made a discovery
yesterday that the $100 salary demand of
Police Commissioner McNutt for the
ir.onth of June was paid on June 6 without
being registered, whereas his own de
mand, -which was regularly registered in
the City Treasurer's office on June 2, still
remains unpaid. Now, McCarthy dots
not beer any malice toward the Commis
sioner, but he is of the opinion that regis
tered demands take preference over those
which were not registered. He will pre
sent a resolution at the board's: next meet-
Ing requesting the Auditor to compile a
list of al! demands which were paid out
for the month of June after it became
necessary to register them. In this way
he wiil ascertain how many unregistered
demands \rere illegally paid.
What makes McCarthy still more angry
Is that when he asked Deputy Treasurer
Reis why McNutt's demand had been
paid, though It had not been registered,
in advance cf his. which was, that official
blandlv replied, so the Supervisor says:
"Well, you see. Mr. McCarthy, the heads
cf departments have a. 'pull' and are paid
¦when others are r.ot. lou will get your
money when the St. Mary's Park fund of
$125,000 is released."
McCarthy thought this explanation was
candid, to fay the least, but failed to see
hovr it accounted for his registered de
xr.ar.d remaining still unpaid four months
after It was registered by the Treasurer.
He contends that registered demands take
preference over all others, and that suffi
cient funds should have been set aside as
moneys came Into the treasury to pay off
&I1 such. In discussing the subject yes
terday McCarthy S2ld:
"I co not for a moment consider in this
matur the SUM of which I have been de
prived, but I do say that the Treasurer
acted without warrant of law In paying
unregistered demands to the exclusion of
those registered. The particular case of
Mr. McNutt may be duplicated by nu
merous others who had the requisite
'pull.' In this way many small registered
claims of people who can ill afford to wait
are still unpaid. I Co not know what can
be done in the matter, but I propose to
find out who were fortunate enough in
having- the 'pull' to draw their salaries
irregularly in advance of others."
Deputy Treasurer Perkins explains the
payment of McNutt's demand by saving
that the day It was presented some
had been turned Into the treasury from
tax collections. He thinks it must have
been raid inadvertently, because It had
not been registered even by the Auditor.
He pays the latter official ¦ should have
called attention to the illegal, irregular
payment.
"It is a small matter anyhow," says
Perkins, apologetically, "and the demand
was probably paid because McNutt needed
the money."
UNREGISTERED SALARY
CLAIMS ILLEGALLY PAID
Wilber Placed Under Arrest.
E. D. W.llber. whose actions in obtain
ing money from men to secure positions
for them on the water front formed a
subject of inquiry before the Grand Jury,
was arrested yesterday on a warrant
charging him with misdemeanor embez
zlement. The complaining .witness Is
James Wood, a laborer living at Ellis and
Devlsadero streets, who alleges that he
A Self-Confessed Burglar.
"W. J. Edwards, 19 years of age, went to
police headquarters at San Jose yesterday
morning to surrender himself, as he was
wanted In this city (or burglar}'. Hesald
he had broken Into the house of Mrs.
Waldron, 933 Howard street, on October
13 and had stolen about $200 worth or
clothing and other articles, which he haa
sold to a second-hand dealer on Fourth
street. Captain Seymour was notified and
Detective O'Dea was sent to San Jose to
bring Edwards back. He was booked at
the City Prison yesterday afternoon. This
is not his first offense, as he was sent to
Whittler about four years ago for bur
glary on Clementina street.
PROMENADE AND TEA
WILL CLOSE BAZAAR
Concert Will Be Held in Golden Gate
Hall in Aid of St
Brigid's.
Large crowds still attend St. Brlgld's
fair in the Mechanics" Pavilion. Last
night a very fine concert was given, each
number being warmly applauded. The
ladies announce a delightful farewell
event for next Tuesday, the day being
devoted to the final raffles. There wiil
also be a high tea and promenade concert
from 1 o'clock till 5. A delicious repast
will be served, enlivened by excellent
music. Tickets will be sold at $1.
The music class and the girls' depart
ment of St. Brlgld's School will give an
entertainment in Golden Gate Hall on
Friday, October 26, at 2 p. m. The pro
ceeds will go toward swelling the receipts
of the booth of the Children of Mary of
St. Brigld's Bazar. Tickets can be pio
cured at the booth or at St. Brlgld's
School. Reserved seats are 50 cents and
general admission 25 cents. A very in
teresting programme has been arranged
and all who attend are assured of spend
ing a pleasant afternoon.
The question whether life insurance en
dowment policies payable to the Insured
should be made part of the assets of a
bankrupt was argued before United States
Circuit Judges Gilbert and Ross and
United States District Judge Hawley yes
terday. The matter came up on the ap
peal of Adolph P. Scheld of Sacramento
from an order made by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven, requiring Scheld to
deliver to C. A. Bliss, referee in bank
ruptcy, a twenty-year endowment policy
of the Mutual Life Insurance Company
of New York for $5000, payable to Scheld
himself. In case of the failure of Scheld
to surrender the policy, he was to pay. to
the trustee of his estate $1S7 17, the cash
surrender value of the policy for the bene
fit of the creditors.
A remarkable feature of the case was
the admission of Edward Lande and Al
bert M. Johnson, counsel for Scheld. that
the decision of Justice Shiras in a similar
case was against them, and their conten
tion that Justice Shiras had erred and
that the Circuit Court of Appeals should
disregard his opinion. That decision was
to the effect that in all the States of the
Union life insurance endowment policies
payable to the debtor, his representative,
his estate, or disposable by his will, should
be made a part of the assets of the debtor
for the benefit cf the creditor.
Mr. Johnson took the stand that life in
surance policies, being exempt from ex
ecution under the laws of California,
could not legally be made part of the as
sets of a bankrupt under the Federal stat
ute, because that statute recognized and
allowed to the several States the exemp
tions named in the laws of those States.
Thirty-four States exempted life Insurance
policies from being considered as assets
and eleven States did not. Therefore, ar
gued Mr. Johnson, the provision of tho
Federal statute was meant to apply only
to those eleven States for the protection
of the debtor so as to allow him to give
his wife and children the benefit of the
policy on the payment by him of the cash
surrender value thereof.
Isaac Joseph, attorney for the opposi
tion, quoted a large number of -decisions
sustaining the Shiras opinion and the case
was submitted.
An Interesting story. Is involved In thfs
bankruptcy case. The debtor. Adolph P.
Scheld. is the only son of Philip Scheld,
a millionaire brewer of Sacramento. While
practicing on the county road with a re
volver in March. 1S95. Adolph accidentally
killed Frederick C. Glueck. the owner of
a small roadside house. The widow of
Glueck. on behalf of her four minor chil
dren, sued Scheld for $20,000 damages for
the loss of her husband, and the jury
Important Issues Before the
United States Court
of Appeals.
LIFE POLICIES
AS ASSETS
awarded her $3143 60. Scheld went Into
bankruptcy, his only debt being the Su
perior Court judgment for , the amount
stated.
In tho opposition filed on behalf of Mrs.
Glueck and her children it was charged
that Scheld had committed perjury In his
petition for the purpose of the
Gluecks.
paid Wilber $15 on February 22 and gave
him a note for $35 on the promise that he
would secure a position for him. He did
not obtain the position. The warrant was
sworn out in Judge Cabanlss' court.
Grand Jury Board Bill Paid.
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors refused to sign a demand
presented a few days ago for $17 10 for
meals furnished to the Grand Jury. Fore
man Kibbler brought the matter to the
attention of Presiding Judge Bahrs. who
thereupon issued a court order to the
Auditor to pass the claim. Auditor Wells
obeyed the order. The Board of Health Is
preparing to mandamus the . Auditor to
compel him to pay the telephone bills of
the Health office.
looking for notoriety, having demonstrat
ed himself unequal to competition in busi
ness. Besides, so the Interested mer
chants say, the books have already been
the object of the most searching scrutiny
in open court and under conditions most
favorable to those who wanted to see
them. It is evident, therefore, that If any
scandal be lurking In the cash books of
the S. E. Slade Lumber Company or of
the San Francisco Timber Preserving
Company it will not come to the surface
to affright ex-offlclals and entertain tht?
public.
P. F. Dundon Is the manager of the San
Francisco Timber Preserving Company.
He discussed Irving's proposal yesterday
and declared that he would not think of
accepting It seriously. "It is onlv a
bluft," said Mr. Dundon. "Irving Is look
ing for some cheap notoriety, but ho
won't get it from me.- The whole affair
seems to be nothing more serious than a
squabble among attorneys. Lawyer Strat
ton hurt somebody's feelings, and I sup
pose somebody Is trying to retaliate. As
far as I know there was no fraud in con
nection with any contract with the Har
bor Commission.
S. K. Slade of the Slade Lumber Com
pany spoke In the same strain. He de
clared that his books had been examined
in court at the time of the trial, and it
would be absurd to suppose that any
business man would open his books for the
inspection of any person who chose to
look at them. "The whole proposition Is
nonsense," said Mr. Slade, "and nobody
knows It better than Irving. He is look
ing for notoriety."
"If there was anything dishonest in our
cash and check books the attorneys for
Irving had ample opportunity to discover
it then. It is idle now to ask for an in
spection of them again. Besides this I
think that the Harbor Commissioners are
well qualified to take care of themselves."
"Irving proved that ho could not com
pete with others, as he had nothing with
which to compete. His so-called pile pre
servative was about as efficacious as
saliva, and his goods weren't wanted. As
for the books of the San Francisco Timber
Preserving Company, they have been in
court and have been thoroughly exam
ined by attorneys who had In their favor
the presumption of knowing their own
business.
THE fund for tho Galveston suffer
ers will not be increased by $1000
If the cash and check books of the
San Francisco Timber Preserving
Company and of the S. E. Slade
Lumber Company nre to be the sources of
the Increase. In an Interview yesterday W.
B. Cope, attorney fcr Samuel C. Irving and
the Parafflne Paint Company, dared the
other two concerns on the name of Irving
to submit to a committee of inspection
their cash and check books, which show
the record of their transactions with the
Board. of Harbor Commissioners for 1S97.
Mr. Cope charges that these records will
show frauds, corruption and favoritism
and his client was willing to give $10X1
just for a glimpse of the interesting rec
ords.
But the S. E. Slade Company and the
San Francisco Timber Preserving Com
pany will not show their books. No mer
chant of standing would do so, they say.
and that Irving, knowing this,* is simply
The sensational demand of Samuel C. Irving upon the S. E. Slade Lumber Company and upon the
San Francisco Timber Preserving 1 Company to submit their check and cash books showing the record of the
transactions of the firms with the Harbor Commissioners for the year 1897 has been politely but most em
phatically refused by the interested merchants. The Galveston sufferers will not, therefore, be enriched by
S1OOO through any expose of alleged frauds in the Board of Harbor Commissioners.
P. F. Ihindon, manager of the San Francisco Timber Preserving Company, laughs at Irving's pro
posal as the bluff of a disgruntled and discredited competitor who wants to secure some sensational affidavit.
Mr. Dundon says that the very books which. Mr. Irving wants to submit to an inspection committee nave been
thoroughly examined in court and nothing new can be learned from them. S. E. Slade of the Slade Lumber
Company shares this opinion. He says that he really has no time to enter into a discussion which must of ne
cessity be profitless. So the harbor scandals, if there be any, must seek for the light through a medium other
than cash or check books.
MONEY CANNOT BUY A
VISION OF THE BOOKS
T. J. Fitzsimons, a mining engineer, re
ported to Captain Seymour .Tuesday that
he had presented a check at the Bank of
California for J300 which he had cashed in
Los Angeles, and he had been informed
that the signature "H. M. Yerington" on
the paper was a forgery -
Fltzslmons explained to the captain that
he nad been in Los Angeles on business
and was introduced to W. W. Cogswell by
a man named Williams, superintendent of
an oil company, who told him that Cogs
well was In the oil business. Cogswell
learned that Fitzsimons was to return to
this city and asked him if he would oblige
him by cashing the check, which was
drawn on the Bank of California. It pur
ported to be signed by H. M. Yerington,
a well known mining man of Virginia
City. Fitzsimons had the money and
cashed the check. He returned to the
city Monday and- presented the paper for
payment, with the result mentioned.
Captain Seymour wired to Chief Elton
of Los Angeles to arrest Cogswell, and
received a reply that no one of that name
could be found In that city, and to send a
full descripticn of him. Seymour did so
yesterday morning, and a few hours later
received a reply that Cogswell had been
arrested.
The bank officials wired Yerington of
the forgery, and he replied that Cogswell
was known In Virginia City, but he had
not given him any check. The officials
say that the forgery is a very clever one
and closely resembles Yerington's signa
ture.
The case will have to be tried In Los
Angeles, as the crime was committed
there, and Fitzsimons will leave at once
to prosecute the prisoner. The police here
are puzzled to know why Cor^well should
have remained in Los Angeles after Fitz
simons' departure, as he must have real
ized the fact that the forgery would be
discovered as soon as the check was pre
sented at the bank.
T. J. Fitzsimons, a Mining
Engineer, Cashes Worth
less Check.
A striking example of woman's heroism
was witnessed at the Waldeck Sanita
rium yesterday forenoon. A devoted sis
ter gave up the blood from her own veins
that a sinking brother might tfe strength
ened and saved If possible from the grave.
There was a pathetic as well as a heroic
side to the scene.
At the bedside of Attorney M. A. EKsrn.
whose serious Illness was noted in Tues
day's Call, Dr. Dora Dorn stood, and
while she stroked her brother's brow and
whispered words of encouragement Into
his ears skilled physicians transfused
from her arm her rich, strength-giving
blood into the arm of the sinking patient.
More than a pint of the fluid was trans
ferred to the fast failing man, and as the
experiment was concluded the anxious at
tendants could see that the patient was
rallying, and again there seemed to be a
rav of nope. , .
So far did Mr. Dorn regain his former
self during the transfusion process that
he was able to speak to those around
him: then he relapsed into a peaceful
slumber, from which he did not fully
awaken until nearly 6 o'clock last even-
Ing. Almost Immediately upon his awak
ening there came a serious relapse and at
midnight the end seemed but a few hours
Mr Dorn was first taken 111 six months
ago, his malady at that time being diag
nosed as poisoning of the blood cells.
This developed Into an affection which
destroys the red corpuscles of the blood
until the supply Is one-fifth less* than na
ture Intended it should have.
Two weeks ago yesterday Lawyer Dorn
visited his office for the last time before
being taken to his bed. Since that day the
patient has sunk rapidly. Everything that
medical science afforded was brought Into
use. but the benefits. If any. were only
temporary- As a final resort and upon-the
earnest entreaties of the patient's sister,
who is a recent graduate of the Lnlverslty
of California Medical College, it was de
termined to experiment with the trans
fusion process.
Dr. Sherman, assisted by Drs. w. W .
Kerr, Herbert C. Moffltt and John Gall
wey.' performed the operation, the blood
being taken from, one of the smaller veins
of the young woman's arm and driven
through an airtight tube into a like vein
in the patient's arm. The brother was all
the while conscious of what was being
FALLS VICTIM
TO A FORGER
done. After It was over the brave
woman, though weak and nervous. Insist
ed upon remaining in the sick chamber,
administering to his needs.
SHE GIVES HER OWN BLOOD
TO SAVE DYING BROTHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.
JULIUS KAHN, GUEST OF
HONOR OF CENTRAL RE
PUBLICAN CLUB.
me."
5
s^ouo%jm EMPOR!|l||ft''.£
Banjo, Man- Siia* 1 ' and graphs,
dohn. Guitar, OoldcnRnlc ftayaar. «S s / cabi-
Song and In- CAUF0RNlA ' s lmwest-aherica-5 grandest store. ng t$ Qf
stnimental selections — cv 'Is on latest style
special to-day on'yJ. . . . 3Oc mounts— this week.. $3*75
J Men's Hose, Neck Ruffs, 98c*
tOc* A litt e lot of 10 J of jfffth
About 63 dozen Men's 01 '* n V\ t . d *" .fljjZfo
fast b ack and fast tas t} r l h]i b;^ k * ilk Neck JgRmf
colored Socks, heavy Ruff< - , w tJ » haad.ome rfS|£*£4
cotton, the regular fa, t bailed tie* of same
weigh*, with extra bigi °«"ia', worth $1.2d }&&?&&&)
spliced heels and toes ea <; h : °* sale to-day £/£ *V£
seamless and nuaran- k Thursday > qo~. 2r^>
teed stainless; on spe- oal ? ggC IlKfeli&S
cial sa'e Thursday onlr, _ . ? J?1|^U
per pair -^ ASpomal Sale
It/C of Doylies ml
and Squares* 2L
M!lk Pitchers, 100* Clean-d up a lot of SfQ,
Not a very large lot __ ™ <|czea drawn work |%
Eipi // W^MMMiM
cial sale for Thnr dsy ~ | «/ 6v6 mche* 9x 9 inchjs loxlo iachea
only; they hold IJ pints ifE. 3^3 inches 12x12 inches
are worth 15c each; \^=- Sjn3 verj nicj and fins drawn work,
sa'e price «m Weh.ve divided them into three Iot3
Tnurscby tUG and irarked them for Tnura Jay's gelling;
.'"•HI each So. 12c, ISO
Bronze Framed Mirrors House Furnishing
on Sals To- Day, 17c* Bargains*
Fie-ch-phte, Beve!ed.Ed. ? e. Easel- Fiber Water Pails-Dark brown
Back Mirror?, with >ntique leaded ed ? e. co , or - wi:h bae fastened wnh bras*
bronze frame?, in unique design, ti« !3 . Ie:s ' stron &. and will not fail to
€1*5 inche— a lot cf 1-0 only— on spe- :>««*: ca ° ™ h /^ or cold watar with-
tia! sa'e in Toilet A-ticleDepart- „ oat urj.iry; regn ar low price pc
meot, Rtfunda. to-day only I'C ** ™ Weal price to-day -ffC
Wood salad Sets— Inno tal Swiss
EmbroifSotred Flannels, rp^^i wood
48c» Fork
White Embroider^ F:anne\ fdl yard r -<-f?^^ =^f s^2^ Sooon-
wide, hemstitched-* fleet embroidery, for \L^Z^r hani *
lacies' and children's skirts; a small lot — --^ rnaie*
only; on special sale Thursday at les* re-m'a'r-
than the value of tho plain jio— les**.
flanne —per yard 4M»Ci'y 25c— aet to-day 'OC
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WwwmoKiS^^^ti.
129 Kearny Street
Ladies' Hosiery
A good black cotton stocking in 3 different styles of
feet; all black, all white and white soles, double heels,
toes and soles, special value at
Taffeta Ribbon
Pure silk taffeta ribbon, 3^ inches wide, extra heavy
quality and in all the leading shades, at
22ca yard.
Figured white curtain Swiss, 36 inches wide suitable for
sash curtains and bed-room windows, excellent value at
I 2 2 c a yard.
Curtain Swiss
Table Napkins
All linen dinner napkins in many different designs, 24
inches square and extra heavy weight, special value at
4} 2 . 2 C a dozen.
Skirt Lining
I Oc a yard.
Nicely finished good strong skirt lining, 32 inches wide
in black and colors, a special at
Our assortment of ladies' and gent's umbrellas is now
complete, and comprises all the novelties shown in handles
ior this season.
All umbrellas sold by us are guaranteed for the season
and initials will be engraved free if desired.
Special
A stylish tightly rolled umbrella with steel rod, Paragon
frame, covered with the best Gloria silk, plain or silver
mounted natural wood handles* for either ladies or gents,
at
$t rr\
Umbrellas
David Starr Jordan at Golden Gate Hall,
Friday, the 19th inst., at 8 p. m. Subject*
"The Strength # Of Being Clean." •
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell spoke to a rousing
mass-meeting on the corner of Stockton
and Market streets Monday night. His
subject was the Siamese twins, the coo-
lie and' a modern politician. The only
way to rid us of the coolies and Japs and
put a curb on corporations is to elect an
independent man to Congress. Dr. O'Don-
nell would have more influence thaji twen-
ty party men. ,---.¦ .:-:;
Mas. Ella Rice
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound.
If you are troubled with pains,
fainting spells, depression of spirits,
reluctance to go anywhere, headache,
backache, and always tired, please re-
member that there is an absolute
remedy which will relieve you of your
suffering as it did Mrs. Rice. Proof
is monumental that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound is tho
greatest medicine for suffering women.
Jfo other medicine has made the cures
that it has, and no other woman has
helped so many woraen by direct advice
as has Mrs. Pinkham; her experience
is greater than that of any living per-
son. > If you are sick, write 1 "and get
her advice ; her address Is Lynn, Mass.
OIL INVESTORS,
BEWARE !
Do your business through a Govern-
ment Licensed Broker.
There arc fortunes bcinsr made in
California oil stocks. Why not make
yours?
There are some stocks that are better
than others. We are willing to post
you.
Write for Market Letter.
James R. T. Mershon,
Oil Land and Stockbroker, rooms 5.17-
538-539 Parrott Buildinsr. S. F.. Cal.
Promoter of the MONARCH OIL. COMPAXT
of Arlxona. the LION OIL. CO. of Arizona.
PRUDENTIAL. OIL. CO. of Arizona and the
J. S. POTTS OIL. LAND AND DEVELOP-
MENT CO.. all located la the Sunset District,
Kern County.
HELP FOR WOMEN
WHO ARE ALWAYS TIRED.
" I do not feel very well, I am so
tired all the time. I do not know what
is the matter with me."
You hear these wcrds every day ; as
often as you meet your friends just so
often are these words repeated. More
than likely you speak the same signifi-
cant words yourself, and no doubt you
do feel far from well most of the time.
Mrs. Ella Rice, of Chelsea, Wis.,
whose portrait we publish, writes that
she suffered for two years with bear-
ing-down pains, headache, backache,
and had all kinds of miserable feeling's,
all of which was caused by falling and
inflammation of the womb, and after
doctoring with physicians and numer-
ous medicines she was entirely cured by
THE EMPOHTtTM.
THE EMPORIUM.
HON. E. A. W. JOHNSON,
Chicago, III.
would save a great amount of anxiety and
suffering and prevent numberless deaths.
Catarrh is cartarrh wherever located.
Catarrh is essentially the same every-
where.
The remedy that will cure catarrh In
one situation will cure it in all situations.
It does not require one remedy to cure
catarrh of the head and another to cure
catarrh of the lungs and still another to
cure catarrh of the stomach and another
to cure catarrh of the kidneys.
A remedy that will cure catarrh any-
where will cure catarrh everywhere.
The phrase that Peruna cures catarrh
wherever located has become almost an
axiom throughout the civilized world.
Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
lumbus. O.. for a free book en catarrh.
A JUSTICE OF TH
WRITES FR
"I Was Greatly Troubled
Witn a CoW Which Set-
tled on My Lungs
and Left Me With
Catarrh."
THEN HE TRIED PERUNA
"It Has Come Fully Up to My
Expectations, Completely
Curing My Catarrh-
Leaving; No Traca
of It."
[Special Ne-w-B from Chlca&o, Hi.]
CHICAGO. 111., Oct. lS.-Hon. E. A.
~ . Johnson. Justice of the Peace, writes
from 607 Sheffield avenue, Chicago, 111..
the following:
"'I was greatly troubled with a cold
which settled on my lur.gs ar.d left me
•with a disagreeable catarrh. As your
medicine has come to my notice several
times, I determined to see ¦what It would
do for me. It has come fully up to my
expectations, completely curing my ca-
tarrh— leavine no trace of it."
E. A. W. JOHJN'SON.
Kear'.y all the chronic ailments to which
the human family is liable either begin
or end with catarrh, or else are in some
degree complicated by catarrh.
Ir this fact were better understood by
the medical profession than It Is to-day it
E PEACE
OM CHICAGO, ILL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fur
I great offer I
Ej Fur Capes of the best I
B electric seal — yoke of Per- 1
g sian Lamb — front finished A
Ij with 2 heads and 4 tails. I
§5 Elegantly lined and made 1
JE of fine full skins. Most A
m small dealers sell an in- 9
W ferior cape, of pieced I
B skins, for more than we I
n ask for these. ¦
H 1 It is an offer no one can I
nj afford to miss — 4
b[ 14 inch $22. no S
jjl 16 inch $23.00 a
'A 18 inch $27.50 a
« 20 inch S.^0.00 3
U We are the lareest fur I
Si. house in the world and can 9
jw sell to you at retail for the m
it price other dealers have to S
I pay wholesale. gj
I Mail Orders Filled. h
'I . H.Liebes I
& Company I
I , WCOREORATXP _ (¦
I 133-137 Post/t. «' a
Wl&szma LOST VIGOR
m^« RESTORED!
yj w| r&ll or writ* far book, tn*.
Mm&^L DR. COOPER & CO.,
fjggi\jjijg^J}ygj|r g>n y r ancisco. Cal.The Sut'ter Street Railroad Company has' 'been
forced to pay a fine of $5000 for usurping a franchise
on Bush street. It ought to be compelled to pay an
other for leaving the thoroughfare in a worthless con
dition.
After volumes have been spoken and thousands of
people have suffered a deluge of sound William Jen
nings Bryan has at last recognized the "paramount
issue" of the campaign in all its seriousness; he is
defending himself most desperately.
There has been no frost in the campaign along
Roosevelt's* route. In fact, he has had the steam pop
ping out of wild Democrats at almost every stopping
place.
Recent events in this city are convincing many peo
ple that a beggar is too frequently identical with a
footpad. The outrages of the mendicant fraternity
?.re fast curing citizens of the almsgiving habit :
The worthy tribe of Oakland husbands has won a
s:gna] triumph in the divorce court. A Judge, whose
name shall be famous, has decided that a husband was
not guilty of cruelty in refusing his young wife's
cooking.
The Southern Pacific steamer Thoroughfare has
tunk again. It might be policy for the company to
save a mtle of its reputation and let the old tub re
main at the bottom cf the bay.
His Highr.ess the Mayor has ample justification to
read to his hired men in the Board of Supervisors an
es«ay on the evils of bear-baiting. His Highness
seems to be a mark for restless supervisorial spirits
every time the board meets.
A LEASE— M. G., City. A lease may be
verbal or written. If verbal it should be
in the presence of witnesses. If wrlttpn
it should be. drawn up in legal form and
In order to have it properly drawn up It
should be written by a reputable attorney
A lease, must bear a revenue stamp It
may be recorded or it may not, at the op
tion of the parties. p
LOCOMOTIVE— Subscriber, City. To
run an ordinary locomotive, say of thirty
tons weight, it is necessary to burn from
five hundred to two thousand pound"™
coal per hour to generate the required
amount of steam and to evaporate from
.six to, twelve thousand pounds of w£e?
ti\e depends on circumstances, but gen
erally one ton of good bituminous coal
ThVri-iffiv a t n 'flf» dlna 17 locomotive from
thirty-five to fifty miles.
THE WALLER CASE— Enq., City.
President Faure of France signed the
pardon of John L. Waller, ex-Consul of
the United States at Tamatave, Febru
ary 20, 1S56.
COAL— W. B. F:. City. The total pro
duction of coal in the world is something
over 660.000,000 tons each year. The great
est coal producing country in the world
is Eingland. with an annual production of
over 218.000.000. then comes the United
States second with 192.000,000: German v
third, 124.000.000: Austria-Hungary fourth
with 36,000,000 tons, and France, 32 000 000
ton*. ...-.-
military roll is by law required, to be
made up by the brigadier general o' each
brigade in the State of California.
MILITARY ROLL— F. W. N., City. The
CONSUMPTION OF COAL— S.. City.
The average consumption" of coal for
steam boilers is twelve pounds per hour
for each square foot of grate.
City. Personal property is assessed at its
fair valuation.
GOVERNMENT PROPERTY— P. W.
N.'; City. The United States is exempt
from the payment of taxes on the real
property it owns in California.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PERSONAL PROPERTY— F. W.
Mr. Irish is indeed stumping the same territory
where four years ago his voice was raised for McKin
ley, but it happens that his voice continues to be raised
for. McKinley. He went East on the urgent invita
tion of the Republican National Committee to aid
again as four years ago in supporting the cause of
sound money, law and good government. There has
been no "flip-flop" on the part of John P. Irish. He
is not that kind of a man. The Wasp should find the
joker who gave it that bit of stuffing and remonstrate
with him through the medium of a club.
The Wasp should not leave itself liable to
be played upon in that way concerning a man who is
so well known as Mr. Irish. Such blunders are al
most as bad as the fakes of yellow journalism.. The
Wasp should post itself.
SOME ONE has caught the Wasp napping and
stuffed it. Doubtless the joker enjoyed himself
immensely when he saw the stuffing result in
an announcement by the Wasp that "John P. Irish
is stumping the same territory for Bryan where four
years ago his voice was raised for McKinley." It
then proceeds to class Mr. Irish with Bourke Cock
ran, puts them down as "acrobatic orators," describes
them as men "who throw flip-flops with celerity," and
then gravely informs its serious readers: "The real
reason why McKinley Democrats, like Irish and
Cochrane, flopped to Bryan this year is that they
want to get their political life preservers, so to speak,
and float in on the tide four years hence."
A JOKE ON THE WASP.
"Papa, what is. the unpardonable sin?"
"My son, anything I do that your moth
er doesn't like."— Life.
Sappington— Your sister looks sweet
enouph to eat.
Little Rodney— She does eat. — Judge.
Contributor (reading aloud) — His eyes
were riveted on her face.
Magazine Editor— Riveted? Here, cut
that out. If he didn't belong to the union
you'll have all the bollermakers in this
country down on us.— Chicago Record.
"Cook," said Mrs. Hostess, solemnly, at
the eleventh hour, "we have forgot all
about the entrees." And cook, in her ex
citement, responded with: "Lor, mum. so
we have! If we ain't a couple of blunder
headed idiots, may I never!"— Tit-Bits.
"But there was no evidence against the
man who was lynched," protested tie
stranger.
"No evidence?" said the citizen. "Why
he was as black as the ace of spades. —
Puck.
Squire's Daughter— Do you think It is
quite healthy to keep your pigs so close
to the cottage?
Hodge — I dunno, miss. Noan of ther
pigs ain't ever bin ill. — Punch.
He— Do you think you could learn to
love me?
She— I might. I learned to like olives.—
Philadelphia Evening Bulletin.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Summing up, the report says: "That if your hon
orable board during the next fiscal year is able to ac
complish the repavement of the worst business streets,
the repair of Spear-street wharf, the repair of county
roads and a systematic system of street repairs, we
Furthermore, in the way of needed improvements
the report recommends the rebuilding of the Spear
street wharf, the thorough repair of Mission road and
the* adoption of a systematic plan for repairing and
keeping in repair the basalt block streets throughout
the city. To that emi it is recommended that the city
be divided into small districts and a number of men
be. employed in each district to keep the streets in
good o'rder.
For the purpose of carrying out the programme the
recommendations propose that the city be divided into
districts; that the appropriations of each year be dis
tributed among them in proportion to their needs;
that a schedule of streets to be repaved each year be
decided upon in order that those who may be disap
pointed because the streets in which they are mainly
interested are not repaved the first year may haveas
snrance they will be attended to at some fixed time
during the four years; that in most cases. the repaving
be done with asphalt or witTi small basalt blocks on
concrete, while on some streets vitrified brick would
be desirable if the material can be obtained of a satis
factory quality at a fair price; that all pavements be laul
under a ten year guarantee; that the city retain for
its own use the cobbles and basalt blocks removed
from the repaved streets instead of selling them 10
the contractor for a nominal sum; and, finally, that if
any parties desire to have certain streets repaved
sooner than contemplated by the schedule adopted
they should offer to contribute one-half the cost of
the work as an evidence that the necessity for the im
mediate repavement of those streets is very great.
In the report submitted by the association to the
Board of Public Works it is recommended that a
systematic plan of repaving be adopted, which will
result in the removal of the cobbles and the repaving
oi the worst streets in the business district within four
years, and that $125,000 be appropriated and expended
each year for the next four fiscal years in the per-
CITY ATTORNEY LANE holds that the Su
pervisors have no authority to make use of any
part of the surplus revenue resulting from the
increase of the assessment over the estimate made at
the time the revenues of the city were calculated and
the various appropriations decided upon. That will
leave in the city treasury a considerable sum to be
used in making appropriations for the next fiscal
year, and it is important to decide how it can be ex
pended to the best advantage. Such being the case
the recommendation of the Merchants' Association
concerning the improvement of the streets comes as a
timely and pertinent suggestion. Street improvements
are for the benefit of all, and hardly any policy would
be so pleasing to a majority of the people as the adop
tion of a comprehensive and well devised programme
of improvements of that kind.
STREET IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMME
H. E. Irish, a bank director and mer
chant at Santa Cruz, is spending a few
days in the city with his wife and daugh
ter. They have apartments at the Cali
fornia. " ¦ :**£;¦; :'"-'
Colonel J. V. Overton of Nevada, mem
ber, of the Governor's staff and connected
with the Virginia City water works in
Virginia City, Nev., is at the Russ House.
A. J. Finlay, who Is connected with the
American, published at Manila, and who is
also the owner of the racetrack in the
Philippines capital. Is at the Occidental.
J. .J. O'Connor, a prominent citizen of
Elmira, N. Y.. is enjoying a pleasure trip
to California. He arrived at the Palace
last evening.
W. D. Campbell, general agent of the
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad, is
in town and is registered at the Occiden
tal. ¦ ¦:/¦:--
W. Mackay and wife are at the Occi
dental. Mr. Mackay is a successful lum
berman at Winnipeg.
Dr. R. S. Blakeman of the United State*
navy and his wife are registered a,t the
Occidental. '-I
v-iiff B. Rushmer, a well-known mining
man of Angels Camp, is in the city for a
few days. ¦ iT
L. A. Clark, a prominent Pittsburg mer
chant, accompanied by his wife, is at the
Palace.
Peter Mustoni a Stockton merchant, ac
companied by his wife, is at the Grand.
E. W. Roberts of Byron Springs is at
the Palace.
W. J. Wilson and wife of Newcastle
are at the Grand.
County Assessor L. A. Spltzer of San
Jose is at "the Grand.
GeorRe L. Hurst, a Vancouver lawyer.
Is at the Occidental. sT?> ' .
* Mr. and Mrs. George V. Barlow of Sa
linas are at the Russ.
Ben Bergfield and wife of New York are
stopping at the Palace.
E. E. Bowen and wife of Silver City,
Idaho, are at the Lick.
Frederick L. Macleay, a merchant .at
Portland, is at the Palace.
John Singleton, a Los Angeles mer
chant, is registered at the Palace.
R. V. Ellip, who made a fortune In oil
wells at Hanford, is at the Palace.
George H. Talbot, a Dawson City mining
m<in, is registered at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
From certain statements made bv Chretien and by
llansted it appears we are to have further complica
tions in this case of the Sullivan estate. The public
will be glad to have every secret t)f the conspiracy
disclosed. It is not a pleasant thing to know that
men who are licensed to practice as members of an
honorable profession have been guilty of criminal of
fenses, but it is better to have the evil known than to
let it go on in secret. Were the members of the Bar
Association wife they would recognize the force of
public sentiment in ihe matter and lend their aid to
the task of bringing ;-bout the conviction of all who
have been criminally guilty and the disbarment of all
who have shared in the moral guilt by aiding the
conspiracy or consenting to it and deriving a profit
from it.
Now that the Grand Jury has recommended the dis
barment of Rogers it would seem the Bar Association
can no longer remain inactive. Must an attorney be
actually convicted of crime and be sert to prison be
fore the Bar Association deems him unworthy to be
a member of the bar? I« the standard of the profes
sion to be fixed no higher than that of convicted
criminals?
The facts oi the offense of Rogers have been before
the public a long time and are notorious. His guilt
has never been judicially determined, and under our
code of laws he is entitled, should he be brought to
trial, to be presumed innocent until evidence has been
submitted to overthrow the presumption; but enough
evidence has been furnished to afford a moral con
viction that he was a party to one of the worst of
fenses an attorney can commit. It is known that he
testified in court he had neither received nor been
proinised money to withdraw his objection to the
distribution of the estate of Sullivan to the bogus
heir; it is known that several witnesses have contra
dicted that testimony by asserting that he was paid
lor doing that very thing; it is known that he refused
to answer questions put to him relating to the case,
and gave as a reason for refusing that his answers
would incriminate him. All that and other details
addincr confirmation to a moral conviction of his guilt
have been known to the Bar Association as well as
to the Grand Jury, and yet the association has neg
lected to take any step to purge the bar of Rogers'
presence and to clear the profession of the stain he has
put upon it.
THE GRflND JURY fiND THE BAR.
\\ EMBERS of the Bar Association who have
/ \ respect for their profession can hardly be
• * pleased with the situation that conironts them.
The association has delayed so long in making an in
vestigation of the professional conduct of Attorney
Rogers in connection with the conspiracy to loot the
estate of the late Joseph Sullivan that the Grand
Jury has felt impelled by duty to take upon itself the
responsibility of recommending his disbarment. Are
the professional ethics of the Bar Association so low
that grand juries have to point out to its members
the path of honor?
I 7E are to have Sir Thomas Lipton with us
\\] again. He has issued through the Belfast
Yacht Club another challenge for the
America's cup. and oi course the challenge will be
accepted. Sir Thomas won golden opinions from ?.ll
sorts of Americans when he was here on his former
venture, and it goes without saying his return will be
gladly welcomed.
Lipton is one of the men who do not like to rest
beaten. He started with nothing and by energetic
perseverance has made himself one of the richest men
it: the British empire. He is perhaps the largest mer
chant now living. His business is enormous, but
none the less he finds time for a host of other things
besides money-making. It is only of recent years that
he has taken to sport, but he has entered upon it with
extraordinary vim and vigor. His particular ambi
tion now is to beat Americans at yachting. He is
reported to have said in a recent interview: "I would
give every penny I lnve and begin again at the bot
tom of the ladder to lift the America's cup."
Lipton is not the kind of a sportsman that "goes it
blind." He has studied over the defeat of his former
yacht and has come to the conclusion he can build a
better one and sail it better. He recently stated in
London to a representative of the Associated Press:
"I have every reason to believe I stand a good chance
of winning, for I would not challenge unless sure I
could get a better boat than my last. Moreover, I
know I have gbt to get the very best going in order
to achieve a triumph over the wonderful energy and
skill of the Americans, for wftich no one has greater
admiration than I. Realizing this, I have been work
ing steadily for months to perfect my arrangements.
I now believe that both the boat and the men next
contesting for the America's cup will be an improve
ment over. my first attempt."
When asked concerning the man to whom he in
tends trusting the sailing of the yacht he said: "I
have secured a man who is universally admitted to bo
the best skipper on this side — an amateur who stands
easily ahead of his fellows. I can't tell his name just
yet, and, naturally, I cannot say much about the boat.
But races that* will rival the actual cup races in keen
ness of interest will be the trial contests between the
boat which Watson is designing for me and the old
Shamrock with the alterations Fife is contemplating
for the latter. Both designers, the best in England,
will be on board their respective boats, and I can
guarantee the one that wins will give you, akany rate,
a close race.".
It will be seen from these statements we are to have
a challenger that will be worthy of the best we can
do. The old Shamrock is to be improved to the best
of the skill of her builder. She is then to be tested
by a trial against the new Shamrock. The winner is
to make the race against the American boat. Such a
challenge will put our builders upon their mettle and
we shall doubtless see another marvelous .production
in the way of yacht construction. At any rate in
terest in the race will be keener than ever, and should
Lipton carry oft the cup it is safe to say he will not
hold it long before called upon to meet an American
challenger.
In connection with this subject it is worth while to
call attention to the fact that Lipton's first contest
for the America's cup was reported by The Call and
the New York Herald by wireless telegraphy over a
distance of about twelve miles, and the feat was ac
counted so wonderful that yellow and unprogressive
journals thought it safe to mock at it as a fake. Wire
less telegraphy has now so far advanced that message.3
can be sent a distance of sixty miles or more. When
Shamrock II comes to try her speed for the great cup
it will be possible to far surpass the records of wire
less telegraph reports of the first race, and The Call
can be counted on to do it.
UPTON'S NEW CHALLENGE.
My chief objection to the establishment
of an Intermediate court of appeals is
that it would multiply, the Judicial offices
and add greatly to the expense without
ultimately expediting the work. Also be
cause litigants whose causes under this
amendment will find an end In the Inter
mediate court of appeals will think they
are discriminated against because they
are denied the privilege of an ultimate
appeal to the highest court. I am further
opposed to It because this Intermediate
court will be composed of Judge3 selected
from the locality in which the causes
were originally tried. I believe It to be
desirable that the court of ultimate- ap
peal should be removed as far as possible
from all local influence.
D. M. DELMAS.
Not Expedite the Work.
Would Multiply Offices and Would
DELMAS' OBJECTIONS.
5. The proposed amendment will give
rise to an intolerable crop of petty ap
peals in probate estates and thereby in
crease the expense of administering
them. Under the present constitution the
Supreme? Court has juiisdictlon "in such
probate matters as may be provided by
law. In other words there can be no
appeal in any probate case except where
the Legislature has provided an appeal.
Following that provision of the constitu
tion the Legislature has provided an ap
peal in every probate matter where there
is 8ny reasonable necessity for an ap
peal. But under the proposed constitu
tional ampndment the District Court of
Appeals will have jurisdiction of every
special proceeding- commenced In the Su
perior Courts. The administration of an
estate is a special proceeding. And the
District Courts of Appeal will h<lve juris
diction of an appeal from every order
made in such a proceeding. It is needless
to point ant that that will give rise to a
great crop of appeals which are cut off
by the present system, and that taking
such appeals and the opportunities which
are afforded for such appeals will in
crease the cost and enhance the vexation
and delay of probate administration. That
these things have reached the limit of ail
reasonable endurance it is unnecessary
for any one to point out.
4. The provision authorizing the Gover
nor to appoint three courts of appeal for
two years should defeat the amendment.
If the amendment is adopted it will go
Into effect in January, 1901. There will be
no election for judges until November.
1902. The Governor in the meantime is
authorized to appoint the three district
courts of appeal, and all cases over which
they have jurisdiction on file in the Su
preme Court, but not under submission,
are to be immediately transferred to those
district courts. So that for two years the
appointees of one man are to control all
of the litigation of this State in the courts
of last resort. No man was ever made so
wise and upright as to Justify such enor
mous power. *
3. The provision authorizing the Supreme
Court to take Jurisdiction of cases decided
in the District Court Is unsatisfactory.
The Supreme Court is authorized by the
proposed amendment to order a case de
cided by the District Court to be sent to
it for review whenever the decision of the
court of appeals "conflicts with a previous
decision of the Supreme Court, or of an
other District Court of Appeals." That
provision is borrowed from the Federal
law, which, authorizes the United States
Supreme Court to take up for review de
cisions of the Circuit Courts of Appeal.
The practice has not proved satisfactory
in Federal litigation, and even if it had it
Is unsuited to our circumstances. No
man should be dependent upon the pleas
ure of a Judge for a privilege to have his
case heard in the court of la?t resort.
The system smacks of favoritism. It Is
unfair to the litigant. And it is unfair to
the Judges, because it subjects them to
unnecessary criticism. There should be
an appeal for all or for none. The right
of appeal should not depend upon the dl
gestlcn of the Judge.
than by a district made up of Sacramento
and the contiguous territory.
THE constitutional amendment pro
viding for the creation of an inter
mediate court of appeals In this
State, which will be voted on at the
coming: election, is not meeting the
indorsement expected. Lawyers who have
looked deeply into the amendment and
calculated its effect if enforced do not be
lieve it will improve on the present sys
tem, and the general presumption is that
it will be an unsatisfactory and ineffectual
scheme throughout. There are various
arguments urged against It. but in • the
principal objections there is little diversity
of opinion, in opposition to the amend
ment this can be said:
1. For the overwhelming majority of
the people of this State, the Supreme
Court of California, chosen by the people
of the entire State, is practically abol
ished. /•¦•¦
It is true that the proposed constitu
tional amendment continues In existence
a Supreme Court elected by the entire
State, and consisting of a Chief Justice
and four Associate Justices. But, on the
other hand, the jurisdiction of the court
is so limited and curtailed that a very
small percentage of the litigation of the
State will ever.be decided by that tribu
nal. So that the vast volume of litiga
tion will be finally determined in the Dis
trict Courts of Appeal, and for all practi
cal purposes in those cases the Supreme
Court -Rill have been abolished.
By section 2 of the proposed amendment
tho Supreme Court is given appellate Ju
risdiction as follows:
In every action and proceeding where
is necessarily drawn in question: (a) The
validity of any law of or authority claim
ed from the Federal Government; (b) the
constitutionality of any law of this State;
(c) the legality of any tax, impost or as
sessment: (d) actions in eminent domain:
(e) actions in quo warranto; (f) criminal
actions involving death or imprisonment
for life; (g) the validity or adoption of
any municipal charter; (h) writs of man
damus, certiorarl and prohibition to the
District 'Courts of Appeal; (I) writs of
mandamus, certiorari or prohibition af
fecting the State, Congressional or Presi
dential election; (j) and in cases decided
in District Courts of Appeal when in the
opinion of the Supreme Court such deci
sion "conflicts with a previous decision ot
the Supreme Court or of another District
Court of Appeals."
The cases coming under the grant of
jurisdiction above outlined (excepting ap
peals which the Supreme Court may
grant at its pleasure to those who are ag
grieved by the final decision of the Dis
trict Court). will hardly exceed one-tenth
(certainly not one-iifth) of the cases now
heard and determined by the Supreme
Court. So that it would seem to have
been hardly worth while to have kept the
Supreme Court at all. Eighty or ninety
per cent of its jurisdiction has been taken
away and given to District Courts of Ap
peal. And unless Courts of Appeal elect
ed by districts are preferable to a court
elected by the entire State the amend
ment should be defeated on this ground
alone.
2. A system of district courts of appeal
is not as satisfactory as a court of last
resort elected by the entire people of tha
State. In every State in the Union vast
jurisdiction is given to Its court of last
resort, and that court is always elected
by the entire people of the State. It can
hardly be denied that the system which
we are now trying to change Is preferable
to the one which we are endeavoring to
inaugurate. A Supreme Court elected by
the entire people of the State is removed
from the local prejudice of the district
system. If a citizen of San Francisco Is
sued in Los Angeles and loses his case
owing to prejudice against him for non
residence he will be very apt to think that
that. same prejudice will exist to some
extent in District Courts of Appeal and he
would prefer, and every lover of justice
would also prefer, to have his case heard
in a tribunal free from such bias. On the
other hand, if a citizen of Los Angeles
la sued In Sacramento he would very
much prefer to have his case appealed to
a court elected by an entire State rather
THURSDAY OCTOBER 18, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MASAGKITS OFFICE .'.Telephone *^^J^
PIBLICATIO.V OFFICE Markrt nnd Third. S. F.
Trlrphonr I*rew« 2OJ.
HDITOniAL ROOMS 217 «o 221 Sievennon St.
Telephone Presa 202.
Drllrrrrd by Currlcri.. 15 Cen«« Per AVeek.
<S|nKJ«- roplm. S Cent".
Terra* hy Mull. Im-lmllnc I'oMaK*:
DAILY PALI, (including FurJay). one year *«- w
PAIt-T OALl, r«.nch:<S!ns Punday). 6 month* 3- w
r»A!LT CALL (including Pundiiy). 3 months 1-50
DAILY CAIJ--BS f-in c > Month 65c
BTJCDAT CALL. On*' Year lr0
WEEKLY CALL. Ow T>ar lM
All pofttmafttor* are antliorlred to receive
¦ nbf>erli»tion«.
Fample copies v III be forwarded when requested.
Mai! *ub*eriVrs In <rd»rirr rhar.tr* of a<1dr*>«i should r*
particular to give t«-.th NKW AND OLD ATinRF.??in order
OAKLA>D OFFirn 1118 nrondwar j
GEORGE C. KIIOGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Euiiding. Chicago.
(Lctis Distance Telephone •"Ontral 2SI».")
NFT5V YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
ICEW TORK REPREFKNTATRT:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building;
NEW Y^nK NEWS STANDS:
WaMorf-Artorla Hotel: A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Marrmy H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Phenr.an House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHISCTOS <I>. C> OFFICE. . . . 14O«S O St.. X. W.
MOKTOX E. CRANE, Correspondent.
DRA\CH OFFICES — 327 Montgomery, corner of Clay, or^n
until ?.3P o'clock. »*> Hayes, rpen until 9:30 oVIock. €33 i
McAlllrtfT. open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkin. open until
tSO o'clock 1341 Mission, open until It o'clock. 2161 Market.
corr.fr Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. KSS Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Tw«Ttv-?»wr.t1 and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Object Pramclpally to Local/Character of Tribunal
Created by the Proposed Amendment.
LAWYERS DO NOT FAVOR
NEW COURT OF APPEALS
CHICAGO RECORD — The great danger
which threatens India is not alone an
overt act of hostility on the part of Rus
sia, but the outbreak of internal strife
In Afghanistan. The politics of the king
dom is at present summed up in the per
sonality of the King, who is probably the
most absolute despot on earth. The dan
ger will come with his death. That dan
ger is the nightmare of Indian adminis
trators. It is a wonder the Ameer has
lived so lonjr. and it is known that he may
die at any moment.
DALLAS NEWS — Nowadays the people
get the facts through the medium of the
press, and with the facts in their posses
sion they reach their own conclusions ac
cording to their environments. For this
reason spellbinders are not so effective as
they once were. It is true that in every
campaign there are changes from on?
party to another, but environment anJ
charging conditions are as a rule the
cause of them.
CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL TRIB
UNE — Colonel Bryan praises Jefferson.
Jackson and Lincoln, but repudiates the
policies which link those illustrious names
forever with American greatness and
progress. It is not the principles of Jef
ferson and Jackson that guide the Demo
crats of to-day. It is the narrow and con
tracted views of reactionary Populism and
backboneless anti-Imperialism.
NEW YORK TIMES— After the obse
quies of Bryanism have been faithfully
attended to the powers of regeneration
and reunion will begin to work in th«
Democratic party. The death and burial
of the 16 to 1 issue 'will remove the only
incurable cause of party division. Honest
men can then- belong to the party without
being ashamed of it.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD-The Re
publicans would be sorely disappointed if
the vigorous protests of the Washington
Post and of Eastern Democrats should
t?.ke Bryan off the stump. His calamity
•appeals to passion and prejudice will do
no harm in the prosperous West. They
merely solidify the East for McKinley.
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER— The ex
ecution of a few mandarins would unques
tionably have a good effect upon the rest.
It would serve as a demonstration that
the massacre of "foreign devils" could
not be practiced with impunity, and that
Is the lesson which official China needs
most of all to learn.
RICHMOND TIMES— We have not a
doubt that the bitter memories of tha
Boers will disappear in far less time than
has been required to dissipate the same
memories in the Southern people, and the
Boers will not have to pass through the
period of reconstruction that fell to the loc
of the South.
CHICAGO CHRONICLE-It 13 the duty
of our Government to protect Americana
in the enjoyment of their treaty rights in
China— all An-.ericans. whether concession
aries, merchants or missionaries. It la
not It3 duty to Join In destroying and dis
membfring the Chinese empire.
OMAHA BEE— General Harrison's an
nouncement of his position will have a,
pood effect upon the Republican cam
paign. No citizen stands higher In the re
spect and confidence of the country and
the honesty and sincerity of his views and
counsel none will question, r „
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— In a good po
lice for v ce rest the security and the wel
fare of the city; In an evil police force
would be found its peril and Its ruin. Ami
whatever influence would for any pur
pose change the police from good to evil,
that is the enemy.
CLEVELAND LEADER— Bryan 13 al
ready defeated, and his followers will do
well if they can Rain control of the Ne
braska legislature and elect him to the
Senate from that State.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
These things, at any rate, can be said to the work
nigmen without danger of refutation: You asked
four years ago for work, and it has been given to you
more abundantly than ever before in history; you
asked for good wages, and you have received them
in money equal to the best in the world; you asked
for an opportunity to pay off mortgages and to in
crease savings banks' deposits, and the mortgages
have been paid off and the deposits increased; you
asked for prosperity and it has been given to you;
the products of your industries have been conserved
to you by wise legislation, and that legislation is but
the enactment into law of policies which William Mc-
Kinley advocated ever since he arrived, at man's es
tate. Judge, then, which is the better friend of labor,
Bryan, who has done nothing, or McKinley, who has
done so much for the benefit of every American in
dustry and every American worker.
President McKinley's interest in workingmen,
moreover, has not been manifest solely in large meas
ures designed to benefit them a? a mass. He has
shown his respect for their abilities by appointing
many of them to positions of important public trust.
Xo other President has conferred political office upon
so many men who earn their living by what is com
monly called labor. Judged by any standard. trie/
by any test, considered from any point of view, no
other statesman in American politics has been so con
sistently and so efficiently a friend of the workingman
as the President whose re-election Mr. Bryan is now
contesting and whom he is denouncing as an impe
rialist.
When Bryan was in Congress he was a free trader.
He did his uttermost to break down the wall of pro
tection which keeps the American factory safe from
the competition of foreign factories, the American
worker free from the necessity of meeting the cheap
labor of other countries upon the level of a low scale
of wages, and the American home from the compara
tive destitution that prevails in the homes of the ill
paid labor of Europe. He was among the men who
arc most responsible for the free trade depression thai
followed the Wilson bill. His only promise to labor
was the vain one of offering them cheap money by
the free coinage of silver, a scheme which, if carried
out in connection with free trade, would not only have
compelled our workingmen to meet European labor
in unrestricted competition, but would have paid
them in money of less value than is given the work
ingmen of Britain or Germany or France or even of
Japan.
Turning from Bryan's pretenses to the achieve
ments of the President, Senator Hanna said: "There
is not a man here who does not know that William
McKinley has been the best friend of the working
men this country has ever produced." If we are to
judge men by what they accomplish that statement is
.not to be disputed. Other statesmen may have been
as devoted to the welfare of their fellow citizens as
MoKinley, and unquestionably many of them we«v,
but none ever did so much in office to provide work
for American labor or to maintain a high rate of
wages for all workers. His whole public life has been
devoted to the end of upbuilding American indus
tries. His fame will be forever associated with the
statesmanship that means work and wages. He has
been patriotic in every way in times of war and in
times of peace, but his efforts have been most con
spicuous in advancing the cause of labor and provid
ing prosperity for American homes.
|~N ESPITE Mr. Bryan's loud and frequent decla-
I ) rations of his love for the workingmen of the
United States he has not been able to show
his followers a single act ever achieved by him for the
benefit of labor. At a recent meeting at Milwaukee
largely attended by workingmen some of the Bryan
ites present frequently interrupted the speaker, Sena
tor Hanna. and at last the Senator put to them this
question: "What has William J. Bryan ever done for
the working people of this country?" There was si
lence for a moment, and then a voice spoke out:
"Nothing." There was not a Bryanite present who
could dispute that declaration.
ThJE FRIEND OF THE WORKlNGMflN.
With that statement there will be general agreement.
We have been promised so much and have received
so little in the way of performance, anything accom
plished in the way of good work will be highly grati
fying. That there is urgent need for street improve
ment in San Francisco none will deny, and, while
there may be some objection to the details of the
schedule of streets to be improved submitted along
with the report, the programme as a whole will find
cordial support. In urging this matter the Merchants'
Association has performed another of those valuable
services to the city which entitle it to the co-operation
of all who have sufficient public spirit and energy to
work for a progressive San Francisco. .-
believe a great advance will have been made and the
citizens generally will be well satisfied."
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THUKSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— John P. Irish
of San Francisco is at Johnson's. James
Slauson of Los Angeles is at the Arling
ton. O. N. Owens of San Francisco ia -at
the Ebbitt. BBSS
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
NEW TORK, Oct. 17.— W. J. Andrews is
at the Imperial. ;C. M. Curtis' is at the
Netherlands J. F.' Donahue is at the Marl
borough. J. E. Gardner Is at the Astor
House. F. !». Orcutt Is at the Savoy. H.
Payot and wife are at the Navarre. J.
Stark is at the Cosmopolitan. M. Cun
ningham is at the Gilsey. S. Gates is at
the Hoffman. : M. Walter Is at the Grand.
G. C. Dean is at the Broadway Central.
H. C. Chesebrough is at the Holland. E.
M. Bosbyshlre of I^os Angeles is at the
Murray Hill. G. B.' Johnson of Los An
geles lSiat the Manhattan. C. F. Brutiss
of' Sacramento is at. the Imperial.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Thousands of Spaniards who were fearful of Uncle
Sam and his methods are returning to Cuba. There
is something after all in fair treatment to a conquered
foe '
The Philadelphia man who murdered his wife and i:
now suing for the insurance on her life must think
that he possesses at least one of the attributes of
providence.
N*..
6
Campaign sonffs by ROUGH RIDERS* QUAR-
TET.
ALL ARE WELCOME.
GEORGE STONE.
Chairman Republican State Committee.
W. M. CUTTER. Secretary.
Hon. HORACE DAVIS will preside.
THURSDAY EVENING.
THIS
FILX.MORE STREET, bet. Bush and Butter.
FRANKLIN HALL,
NATIONAL ISSUES '
ROOSEVELT!
"vvTLt. DISCCSS
Hon. EUGENE F. LOUD,
lion, D. E. McKinlay
...F^OJR...
It is reported from Paris that the old
Spanish Queen. Isabella, ia making ef-
forts to be permitted to return to Spain,
from which she was banished twenty-
three years ago.
The blood will be poor so lony as the stomach
shirks Us duty. A half wlne-slass of DR.
SIEGERTS Ansostura Bitters before meals
cures dyspepsia-
"While repairing a temple the Chinese
cover up the eyes of the idols, in order
that the deities may not be offended at
the sight of the disorder.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 5D Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. -,¦ •• -¦
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend's.*
AMUSEMENTS.
C«lifcrnia-"A Hindoo Hoodoo."
Oijiheum- Vaudeville.
Grar.d-op^ra House— -The EnBlrn"
Alcazar— "The Corsican Brothers."
Alharr.bra — "The Man From Mexico."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo an* Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fltoh«r>— Vaudeville.
Fabbrl'e Theater— Vaudeville.
Futro Baths — Ojn-n nights.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Loud*rback— To-day, at IX and 2 o'clock. Turkish
• nd Persian I:jp-, at corner Geary and Stockton streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OPERA-GLASSES
PHOTOCRAPHIC OUTFITS
Ot hlfh power at low prices.
EYE = GLASSES
That hold without plnchinj.
For 80 cents and upwards.
Developing and Printing.
Oculists' prescriptions niled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
64Z Market St. instrumcnts
ur«oc» cHRowcit BuaoiN&, Catalogue Frx
ATI suppose that Shakespeare would be
called a "little Englander" by the read
ers of Mr. Kipling's poems, so far re
moved does the England of Elizabeth
eeem from the empire of Victoria. And
yet the same glad note of triumph niifl
patriotism rings through the historical
plays of the great dramatist that we have
learned to listen for in the poems of the
laureate of Greater P^ngland. Among a
good many other things Shakespeare wa3
a patriot,, and Swinburne has aptly spok
en of the national side of hia genius, "the
heroic vein of patriotism that runs like a
thread of living tire through the world
wide range of his omnipresent spirit."
He was a man of his age as well as of all
time; he shared in the awakened national
spirit of his people, and through the
drama found adequate means to give ex
pression to it.
Shakespeare came to London about two
years before the battle of the Spanish
armada. Emerging from the anarchy
that had followed In the wake of the
wars of the roses. England under the Tu
dors became a nation strong in govern
ment and in war. Elizabeth especially by
her strong magnetic personality and good
sense had rallied the national spirit. We
can but faintly imagine what the victory
over Spain meant to tho English people;
for the next ten years they were in the
very heyday of a vigorous and Joyous life.
Shakespeare's star rose with the star of
his country, and for ten years (1390 (?)-9)
his genius found full sway in historical
plays. The national spirit found expres
sion In chronicles and histories. In poems
addressed to the Queen, In Spenser's
"Faerie Queen," in Bacon's "Advance
ment of Learning," but above all in the
drama, and beyond all other dramatists
In Shakespeare. The England of Raleigh
and Sidney, of Drake and Spenser, of
Bacon and .Hooker, of Elizabeth and
Shakespeare, was of all ages the one best
suited for the development of a great
drama, for, as John Addlngton Symonda
pointed out, the drama more than any
other form of art needs just such an en
vironment in which to flourish, and espe
cially the historical drama.
The theaters of that time were rude
enough when compared with the splendid
structures of modern time. On swampy
ground beside the Thames they lay; the
largest were wooden sheds, only half
thatched with rushes, with a trench
around them and a flagstaff on the roof.
What the audience had to do in the way
of Imagination may well be seen in the
prologue to "Henry V." And yet. rude
as these theaters were, on the stage the
old. kings and heroes came back to life
and England's battles were fought over
again before an interested audience. The
striking thing about this audience was its
representative character. The Queen was
never there, but she had regular com
panies to act before her, and many of the
plays received their first applause from
her. All other people went to the thea
ter; rich and magnetic noblemen like
Pembroke and Southampton were the pa
trons of the theater;' the well-to-do mid
dle classes were there and the pit. too
ready to applaud every low Jest. In a
word, the nation was there, and the com
posite character of the audience contrib
uted to the nationalization of the drama.
Sonnets and poems appealed to the court;
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Baton.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
In "Richard JV the highest patriotic
| note is struck in the dying words of John
I of Gaunt. In the play Entrlan<l Is pre
sented In a state- of anarchy as the result
of the weak administration of lilchard.
In the midst of the general confusion
I there are a few heroic spirits like old
I Johr. of Gaunt, sreown old in his country's
service, and with all the love of a prophet
patriot he exclaims on his deathbed:
Jlethinks I am a prophet new inspired.
And thus expiring do foretell of him:
This royal throna of ktnsrs. this sceptred Isle.
j This earth of majesty, this seat of Mars.
This other Eden, this demi-paradise.
I This happy breed of men. this little? world.
I This precious ctone set in a silver sea,
j Thi3 plot, this earth, this realm, this England.
This nurse, this teemlns womb of royal klns».
Feared by their breed and famous by their
birth.
This land of such dear souls, this dear, dear
land,
Dear fcr her reputation through the w6rl<S,
! Is now leased out: I die pronouncing it
I Lik« to a tenement or a peltlnic farm.
. England bound In with the triumphant sea.
| Whose rocky shore beats back the envious
siego
i Of watery Nentune, is now bound in with
fhame,
TVith Inky blots and rotten parchment and
bonds .
That "England that was wont to conquer others
Hath made a shameful conquest of Itself. ,
Ah, would the shameful scandal vanish with
mv life,
f How happy then were my ensuing death.
At the end of "Richard III" Is Rich
mond's speech ushering in the reign of
the Tudors— words that are prophetic of
the age of Elizabeth. They are also a
warning against the evil of factions and
dissensions.
¦We will unite the white rose and the red;
Smile heaven uron this. fair conjunction.
That long has frowned upon their enmity.
6. now, let Richmond and Elizabeth,
The true succeeders of each royal house.
By God's fair ordinance conjoin together
And let their heirs, Go<f. If thy will be so.
Enrich the time to come with smooth-faced
peace,
' With smiling plenty and fair prosperous days.
I Abate the. edge of traitors, gracious Lord.
I That would reduce these bloody days again.
And make Door England weep In streams of
blood!
Let them not live to taste thl3 land's Increase
That would with treason wound this fair land'.-*
! reace.
| Now civil wounds are stopped, peace lives
again!
i That she may long live here Ooil say amen!
Brilliant as are the other historical
i plays. Shakespeare's genius found it*
' highest expression in "Henry IV" an<l
¦ "Henry V." The ripest fruit of historic
i or national drama, the consummation o£
' Shakespeare's labors in that line, must,
i of course, be recognized by all students in
the supreme and sovereign triologv of
"Henry IV" find "Henry V." There
Is everything here to appeal to the nation
al spirit. In "Henry IV" we are present
ed with the best days of chivalry. Hot
spur. Glendower. Prince Hal, Douglas.
Northumberland and the Kir.jr himself
are magnificent representatives of the
England of the middle ages. Their words
of bravery and deeds of prowess would
us rue.
If England to herself do rest but true.
boy. a cocker'd silken wanton, brave our
fields and find no check?" And finally
when-he has won the victory, such a one
a3 In the time of Shakespeare had been
"won over Spain, he says:
This England never did, nor never shall.
Lie at the proud foot of a conqueror.
But It first did help n wound Itself.
Now these her princ<^ are mm? home again:
Come the three corners of the world In arms,
And we shall shock them. X.«.;--ht shall make
NATIONAL SPIRIT IN SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER IS.
Sun rises • 6:11
Sun sets 5:29
Moon rises 1:43 a. m.
TO SAIL.
Judge Ferral has removed his office to
628; Montgomery street. \ ; . • '
strongly Impress the England of Sidney
and Raleigh. In "Henry V we have tho
scenes and Incidents connected with the
battle of Agincourt; although not so great
a play as its two predecessors It Is more
of a national play. Prince Hal. no longer
the careless, dissipated youth, becomes the
strong and popular King— Shakespeare' 3
model King. Modern historians realize
that he did a bad thing for his* country
when he waged war | on France instead
of building up his Government at home,
but the truth would Dot be so patent in
the days when Englan-i had so many for
eign foes. I need not refer to special
passages or incidents, for the whole play
abounds in striking expressions* of patri
otism. In the choruses, in the hostile gibes
of Frenchmen, above &H In the speeches
and deeds of the King, one finds sufficient
evidt-nce that it must have been an ex
ceedingly popular play when actert as It
probably was at the new Globe Theater ,
In 13?0.
Popular as all of these plays were In the
time of Elizabeth aftd '"spouted" as they
were by English boys in the days of
Charles Lamb, they still retain their
freshness and vitality for all people who
speak the English tongue. 3om<? of these
gassages will sound, well when the great
axondnm of which Carlyle wrote is in
augurated and Shakespeare becomes kin^
of the English-speaking world. As Mr.
Hamilton W. Mabie says in a recent num
ber of the Outlook, "He set trie figures of
great Englishmen on so snlendld a stago
that they personify finally and for all
time the characteristics of the English
race." . EDWIN' MIM3.
Trinity College.
the drama appealed to all classes from
the Queen to the dirtiest punster in a
For this audience, bound together only
bv the national spirit that dominated
England during the last years of the six- |
teenth century, Shakespeare wrote nw
scries of historical plays from ''Henry I
in 1590 (?) to "Henry V" In 1503. The ma
terial he got from Holinshed or old plays |
or traditions and legends, ami he hart as j
fellow-workers a brilliant group ol dram- ;
a lists. V i <
The same criticism has been passed on
the historical plays that we are accus
tomed to hear against Scotfs novels—
they are not true to history. Many inter
pretatlona of English Kings have been
changed by modern historians. He act
ually says nothinp about the Masna !
Charta in "King John." But after all I
has been said one gets a very vivid idea
of some of the leading Kings and events
in English history; the rude chronicles
were vitalized. One may still have an
idea of the impression produced by Scott's
novels in the early years of this century
when the heroes of the middle ages came
back to life and ministered to the new
romantic spirit. And so one may Imagine
the effect produced on an Elizabethan au
dience by -scenes and passages In the
plays of Shakespeare. What Homer's
poems were to the Greeks these play3
were to the Elizabethans and will be to
all Englishmen.
I shall not attempt to give anything like
a running account of all the historical
p!ays, only to call attention to pome of
the passages and scenes that would have
appealed most to an Elizabethan audi
ence. The very fact that most of the plays
had to do with the days of chivalry would
arouse the martial spirit of the people of
that day, but there were special Incidents
that must have ,been applauded to the
echo, and from what we Know of Shakes
peare we must feel that in these passages
he was speaking to the galleries. Some of
the passages that will be referred to must
have aroused the audience to a white heat
of patriotism, especially when spoken by.
a great actor like Burbage.
Such a scene Is the conclusion of "King
John." We have represented In the play
the old feud between England and
France. There Is not much to attract one
to" the weak King, and for a lonar time
one's sympathies are rather aealnst him.
Falconbridge. however, stands for the
Indomitable English spirit— he Is the na
tional hero. "When the French anny In
vades England under the protection of
the Pope, and John has about submitted
to the terms of surrender. Falconbridge
becomes the leader of the, people and ral
lies the army In speeches of great elo
auence and jK>wer. "Shall a beardless
KING HENRY V OF ENGLAND, THE BLUFF PRINCE HAL OF SHAKE
SPEARE, WHOSE ROYSTERIXG YOUTH GAVE NO PROMISE OP
HIS STURDY MANHOOD.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence, as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or rl?ht hand column gives the last
tide- of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Riven are in addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a'minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low watlrs.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low-
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (MisMon-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the rame at both places.
yesterday for China and Japan with a cargo
of general merchandise, valued at $199,330.
manifested as follows: For China, $11S,OS3;
Japan, $49,603; Manila, $21,645; East Indies.
$'642; Vladivostok, $3633; Slam, $524. The fol
lowing were the principal shipments:
For China— 1S.220 lbs abalone meat, 17SS lbs
butter, 2800 lbs bread, 10 cr bicycles. 90 pkgs
codfish, 23,523 lbs cheese, 2496 lbs chocolate,
29S2 cs canned goods. 21 ca drug*, 20 cs dry
goods, 5 cs electrical goods, 116 bxs fruit, 13.75G
bbls flour. 10 cs glycerine, 11R3 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 145 cs hardware, 12 bales hay,
30 cs lemons, 115,539 lbs lard, 1150 lbs mill
stuffs, 30 pkgs mining material, 100 lbs nuts,
3000 lbs oleomargarine, 2fXK) lbs oats, 200 crs
onions, 10,400 lbs pearl barley, 201 crs potatoes,
20 cs paste, 28 cs phonograph goods, 6 cs
raislnsr 760 cs salmon, 6343 gals wine.
For Japan— 60 ere bicycles, 2400 lbs butter,
3S07 cs canned goodn, 1064 lbs chocolate, 4170
lbs dried fruit, 24 cs electrical goods, 20 bbls
extract, 15 bxs fruit, 1010 bbls flour, 705 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 66 cs hardware, 3S2
lbs hops, 145 rolls leather, 6 cs lemons. 43 pkgs
machinery, 2S cs rubber goods, 250 kegs sour
krout. 6625 lbs sugar, 27 cs soap, 2 cs watches,
1767 bdls Phooks. 47,740 lbs tan bark, 25 bbls
2 cs whisky, 169 gals wine.
For Manila— 7 pkgs boilers. 39 cs hardware,
13.200 gals bottled beer, 4 os etationery, 550 gals
50 cs wine. 200 cs canned goods, 50 pkgs .dried
fruit, 2S0O era potatoes, 1500 crs onions, 394 pkgs
pipes and fittings.
For East Indies— 5 cs raisins, 2975 lbs dried
fruit, 60 cs canned fruit. 62 cs canned salmon,
5S0 gals wine, 30,663 lbs hops.
For Vladivostok — 15 cs scales, 41 cs photo
fcoods. 41 cs paper, 10 cs miscellaneous mer
chandise, 11 pkgs machinery.
For Korea— 29 cs phonograph goods, 2 cs
hardware.
Large Cargo for New York.
The ship Ersklne M. Phelps cleared yester
day for New York with the following cargo:
39,595 cs 5640 bbls 500 tierces salmon, 4353 pkgs
ecrap Iron, &01 gals wine, 40 sks cement, 200
bbls flsh oil, 1 cs horns, 100 bales rags. 10 era
machinery, 2299 sks mustard seed. 15 cs drugs.
Sll sks bone black, 100 bbls pickled cherries.
115 cs books, 33S4 ska silver lead ore, 85 cs cop
per paint, 28.7S0 eks brewing barley.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Wednesday, October 17.
Etmr State of California, Thomas, E6H hours
from Portland, via Astoria <4H hours.
Stmr Willamette. Hanson. 78 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle, 5 hours from
Ameipcrt.
Ftmr G«>onr« LoomU, Brldgett, 36 hours from
Ver.tnta-
Stmrl Brun»wiek. Andresen. 22 hours from
Eur>;.«: • -.rvl south; put in to land passen
ti'.v.r \/,«#..'t. Madsen. 1114 hours from Caspar.
Vtn.r ¦.":'. ,nt.^K>ti, Hughes, 17 hours from Lsal.
:>--r -•.¦.ft TV.ania. Kgenes. 4 days from Na
naimu. •
Srhr Five Brothers. Jensen, 24 hours from
nihlers IVint.
Schr Nettle Eundbore. Anderson, 24 hours
from Point Arena.
Srhr Hoy Somer*. Solland. 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
. CLEARED.
¦Wednesday, October 17.
Stmr Queen, Reilly. Honolulu; J D Spreckels
& Bros Co.
Stmr Conemaugh, Roberts, Manila, via Hono
lulu; U S Government.
Stmr. Coos Bay, Nopander, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle; B T Kruse.
Jap stnir America Maru, Gokng, Hongkong,
etc; W H A very.
SAILED.
Wednesday, October 17.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie, Amesport.
Stmr Queen. Reilly, Honolulu.
I Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, San Pedro.
Rtmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Nanaimo.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, Bowens Landing.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Samoa, Jacobs,
Jap Btrnr America Maru, Going, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Ship George Curtis. Calhoun, Honolulu.
Ship Erskine M Phelps. Graham. New York.
Ger fhlp J W Wendt. Xlchoff, Queenstown.
Br ehli> Hyderabad,* Scott, Queenstown.
Bktn Tam o' Shanter. Wilson. Columbia
River.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Hanson, Sluslaw River.
Schr S T Alexander, Ipsen. Kahului.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens landing. ,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 17. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 12 miles. \ .-;'¦;-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT* <S)— bailed Oct 17-Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 16— Schr Mildred,
hence Oct 2. Oct 17— Schr Corona, from Sana.
Rosalia; stmr Rainier, hence Oct 13. .
Sailed Oct lfi— Stmr Aberdeen, for Skaguay;
U S stmr Columbine.
Arrived Oct 17-Stmr Ruth, from Alaska;
stmr Chas D Lane, from Nome.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Noyo,
hence Oct 16.
EAST SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 17— Schr
Glendale, from Tacoma.
GRAYS HAHBOR-Sailed Oct 17-Schr Mag
gie C Rus3. for San 1 Francisco; schr La Gi
ronde. for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 17— Schr Zampa. from Guaymas;
schr Wm OlEen. from Honolulu; schr J F Mil
ler, from San Pedro; schr Laura Madsen, from
San Pedro. . ' , ' K
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 15.
Sailed" Oct 17— Br ship Oenthesilea, for
Queenstown.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 17— Schr Fortuna. hnc
Oct 10; schr Mabel Gray, from San Pedro: echr
Occidental, from San Pedro; schr Serena
Thayer. from Hllo;. echr' Eliza Miller, hence
Oct 11; stmr Del Nort». from Coos Bay; stmr
Santa Barbara, hence Oct 18.
SaUed Oct 17— Schr Laura Pike, for San Fran
cl»co; stmr Pomona, for San FrautUcok : ; ; ; -,x.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 17— Schr Emmt
Utter, from Coos Bay; Br stmr Robert Adanv
son. irom Nanaimo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up Oct 17— SchJ
Comet, from San Pedro; schr Forest Home,
hence Sept 23.
Arrived Oct 17— Ship Florence, from Hono
lulu; jichr Ethel Zane. from San Pedro; stmr
Chas U Lane, from Nome; stmr Ruth, from
Skacuay.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 17— Schr Louis.
hence Oct 7.
POUT lSLAKELEY-Arrlved Oct 17-Schr
Ethel Zane. from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 17— Schr John A Camubell. for
Honolulu; schr Peerless, for Hueneme.
UMPQUA- Sailed Oct 1»— Schr Sadie, for San
Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT PIRIE-iArrived rrior to Oct 17— Br
ship Lancinir. from Port Blakeley.
MELBOURNE— Sailed Oct 16— Bktn Jane !•
Stanford, for Newcastle, Aus!
MANILA— Sallrd Oct 16— Br stmr Belgian
Kins', for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 16— Ship Reuce.
from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Teutonic.
from New York and Queenstown.
Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Pylvanla. for Boston.
QUEEXSTOWX- Arrived Oct 17— Stmr New
England, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Lake Superior, from Liv
erpool, for QuebeC and Montreal.
BREMEN— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Weimar, for
Is'ew York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Oct 17— Stmr War
rlmoo, from Vancouver, via Honolulu and Bris
bane.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New York, via Plymouth, for Ham
burg.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr New
York, from New York.
Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
Grosse, from Bremen, for New York and Cher
bourg.
GENOA— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Rt Paul, for
Southampton; stmr Germanic, for Liverpool;
ptmr Westernland, for Antwerp; stmr Michi
] gran, for London.
AMERICAN* BARK ERSKINE M. PHELPS THAT SAILED FOR NEW
YORK YESTERDAY "WITH ONE OF MOST VALUABLE CARGOES OF
CANNED GOODS EVER SENT IN A SAILING VESSEL.
Steamers Queen and America Maru, Both Bound
for Honolulu, Get Away Within a Few
Minutes of Each Other.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
chartered steamer Queen and tho
Toyo Kisen Kaisha's steamer
America Maru sailed for Honolulu
yesterday within a. half hour of
each other. Both vessels were delayed—
the Queen through ia accident to her
steam whistle and tho America Maru by
the non-arrival of the Japanese mails.
Koth steamers went down the liarbor un
der a full head of steam, but they had
to slow down when passing out through
the Golden Gate, as tbe fog was so dense
that the bow of the vessels could not bo
seen from tho bridge.
The Queen took away an unusually big
crowd of passengers. There was not a
spare stateroom on the ship when sho
moved away from, the wharf. Those who
went away in the cabin were:
Mrs. R. Ar.thony, Mrs. M. Atkinson and two
children, Mrs. M. 15. Augustine. Mrs. C. D.
Badgley, Miss A. Bagley, L. A. Bauer. D.
O. Becker and wife. Professor H. Berber. Mrs.
I-. A. Bond, "IV. T. Brigham. V. R. Calef, Mrs.
J. M. Camara, 3. S. Carman, Mrs. F. D.
Clarke. Miss S. K. Cockett and a child, J. F.
Colley, J. II. Coney, W. T. Cornwall and wife,
Mrs. A. A. Cunningham. H. Deacon, Mr3. W.
L. Decoto, Miss A. Dlggles. B. F. Dlllingham.
II. I. Diraway, C. M. Dougherty and wife,
L. A. Dougherty, J. \v. Dougherty, A. Ebert,
Miss D. a Edmunds, Mrs. V. Ewing, Miss
M. B. Fiekett, E. J. Franklin. George GandaM,
J. Garbecht, II. Gorman, wife and child, R. C.
Hailing. Miss E. Hardwlek. F. J. Hart and
wife, M. Herberz, K. R. Hind and wife. S.
Hoffman Jr., Mlrs C. Johnson, Miss E. Johns
ton. H. J. Johnston. Herbert Keller. Miss S.
Kelley. L. B. Kerr, Dr. \V. B. Kibbey, F. J.
Klnghorn an.i wife. H. Koehler, R. Long,
MIfs Ida Loud. J. H. Love. Mrs. R. Love,
Miss Love, Mrs. T. R. Lucas and two children.
Miss Mackay, J.- H. Makins, Mrs. W. B. Ma
ling and two children, Mrs. J. McCorlston,
D. J. McKay, MIfs K. J. McKay. N. M. Mil
ler, E. Montgomery and servant. Miss G. II.
Moore. Mrs. A. Morrow, Miss Morrow. William
Mueller. Miss F. Murray, Mrs. J. E. Myers,
Mrs. \v. w. Xeedham, J. M. O'Brien. George
Olding and wife, E. A. Palmer and wife. K.
E. I'axton, E. C. Peters, F. Pollltz, Dr. J. H.
Raymond, I. Rosenberg, wife and two children,
Mrs. J. 11. Schnack and two children. O.
Schneider. C. S. Bhar.klin. Mrs. A. L. Shaw
and two children, M. Springer, S. Stewart. J.
F. G. Stokes, J. J. Sullivan and wife, Mis3
Sullivan, E. R. Swain, J. A. Templeton, Mrs.
J. L'nsworth. Rev. John WaJdron and wife.
Miss L. Walker. Allen White arid wife. C. L.
Wight and wife, Miss I. A. Wight. R. L.
Wilcox. Mrs. W. L. Wilcox. T. C. Wills. M1&3
M. Wills, Dr. It. F. Wilson and wife.
The Queen took away a supply of nick
els for Honolulu ahd jtjfiOO in gold to pay
the troops now in the islands. There jcvas
?12M worth of the smali change in a bar
rel and Purser McComb says that onoe
it gets into circulation a foaming laKer for
a nickel may be a possibility in Honolulu.
One of the lady passengers on the Queen
went all the way to the* ferries to teie
phone. In her hurry to get back to the
steamer she left her pocketbook in the
telephone room. At Paci tic-street wharf
she informed Sergeant Tom Mahoney of
her loss and he sent after it. The purse
had disappeared and the woman sailed
for Honolulu a poorer but wiser woman.
Those who went away on the America
Maru were:
For Yokohama— Mr. Brown, Mrs. Brown, T.
Shin. H. Awoyama, M. W. Kochen. Mrs. M.
W. Koclien. Mrs. E. W. Sheffield. Mrs. C. E.
Miller. R. Isono, W. D. Lyon. N. Tsuneto,
Professor T. Yorkl. Y. Murral and Mr. Xa
karnura.
For Kobe— S. Horl, T. Hamaml, T. Takagi,
T. Tanabe. J. Matsumoto, Y. Sagita, M. Kano
and Y. Inouye.
For Honekonf-F. H. Hilbert, Mrs. F. H.
Hilbert. Miss Lizzie Coulter, H. Reidy. Edward
Wilson. Laurence Wright, D. Casabone, Mrs.
S. J. Austin, Miss F. A. Haskell, E. A. Cur
dlnl. Mrs. M. Stephenson. Mrs. F. S. Dewey.
S. K. Pearce, James Robinson. Mrs. Mary E.
Haskell. W. L. Smith. Mrs. Ida Rice, Mrs.
Carjlaln. F. E. Green, Dr. J. Sanger, Mrs. G.
R. Vearce. Major J. O. Hutchinson, Mrs. M.
A. Fol-or and Miss K. L. Haskell.
For Shanghai— Mrs. S. M. Forrest.
The Japanese bound for Kobe are all
returning from the Pans Exposition.
• T*
For the Mexican Trade.
The British steamer Manauense Is to be
put under the Mexican flag and Captain
John Von Helms will bo her master. The
Manauense is to run in opposition to tho
Curacao and the vessels of the Pacifle
Coast Steamship Company's fleet. She Is
a fast and commodious steamer, fitted
with a refrigerating plant and everything
necessary for a run in the tropics. Cap
tain Von Helms is a great favorite in
Mexican ports, so the Manauenso should
do well on the coast.
»
Jeanie's Chief Mate Suspended.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United
States Inspectors of Steam Vessels, filed
yesterday -with Supervising Inspector
Captain John Bermlngham their report on
the grounding of, the steamer Jeanie on
Point Arena recently. They find that Cap
tain A. H. Mason, the master of the ves
eel, was not negligent, he having 1 given
orders to his chief mate. James Marshall,
to notify him when he should see the
Point Arena light, and that if he did not
see it before a certain hour to call him up.
Marshall neglected to call the captain and
the steamer went on the rocks. The In
spectors found also that for half an hour
the Eteamer had been running in a fog
from one-half to three-quarters of a mile
from the shore. The steamer was dam
aged about $4000. Mate MarshalTs llcenso
was suspended for six months.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Cameron of the bark Theobald
has bpen appointed mister of tho baric
J. C. Pfluger.
The wife of Captain Powles of the *hlp
James Kerr filed aboard the vessel Tues
day night. The unfortunate lady had be?n
sick only a couple 'of days. .
. 4
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to LlarinerB and
Shipping Merchants.
The ships Florence and Standard -will load
coal at Tafonw for Honolulu; the Antlope,
coal at Oyster Harbor, and the B. P. Cheney,
coal at Tacoma for Kahului; the Cromarty
ehlre fat Port Los Angeles), wheat from Port
land to Europe, 52s Sd. prior to arrival; the In
vincible, lumber from Port Blakeley to South
Africa; the Mildred, lumber from Seattle to
Honolulu; the Pitcalrn, lumber from Fort
Bragg- to Mazatlan.
I>eparture of the Japanese Liner.
The Japanese liner America Mani sailed
MANY PASSENGERS DEPART FOR
HAWAIIAN ISLES AND THE ORIENT
THE SAN FEASrCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.
II.
7
M ITlme Tlmel Time Time
5 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
n L W H \\'\ L. W H W
18... 1:32 1.1 8:22 6.1 2:27 2.1 8:23 4.5
19 ... 2:16 1.4 S:5»5 5.2 3:03 1.6 9:16 4.5
20 ... 2:53 1.6 9:29 5.4 3:45 1.2 10:C5 4.6
21 ... 3:2.') 1.8 9:57 5.5 4:13 0.8 10:50 4.8
22 .. 3:55 2.1 10:25 5.5 4:4J 0.4 11:35 4.5
23 .. 4;26 2.4 10:5O| 5.5 5:20 0.2
24 ... 0:17 4.5 4:r»S| 2.6! 11:13 5.5| 5:35| 0.0
Steamer.
From-
I Due.
laqua (Eureka..... Oct. 18
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. IS
Corona San Diego Oct. IS
Mlneola Tacoma Oct. 18
Pomona- Humboldt Oct. 18
Homer Newport Oct. IS
Del Norte Portland '. Oct. 18
nival Willapa Oct. 19
IV. H. Kruger.. San Tedro Oct. 19
Umatilla Victoria Oct. 19
Alameda Australia Oct. 19
p cru New York... Oct. 20
Bonlta Newport : Oct. 20
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 21
Kureka Humboldt Oct. 21
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 22
Columbia Portland Oct. 22
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 23
Coos Bay Newport..... Oct. 24
Arcata Coos Bay i Oct. 2«
City of Puebla.. Victoria Oct. 24
North Fork .... Humboldt Oct. 25
Steamer. Destination. [ Sails. I Pier.
Alliance "... Portland Oct. 18, 9 am|Pl«r 20
Ccos Bay... Nrwport Oct. 18, !» ana Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 1$, 10 am Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 18. 9 am Pier 1
Walla W... Victoria Oct. 18, 11am Pier 1
City Para.. New York Oct. 18, 12 m PMSS
L,akme Humboldt..... Oct. 19, 5 pm Pier 2
Axcata ..... Coos Bay. Oct. 19, 12 m Pier 19
VV. Kruger. Grays Harbor Oct. 19, 7 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 20, 2 pm Pier 9
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 20. 11 am Pier J4
Corona San Diego Oct. 20, 11 am Pier 11
Bonlta ..... Newport Oct. 22. 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla .. Victoria...:... Oct. 23. 11am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 23. 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Dlegro..... Oct. 24. 11 amjPier 11
Steamer.
IPS'
M ITlme Tlmel Time Time
5 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
n L W H \\'\ L. W H W
18... 1:32 1.1 8:22 6.1 2:27 2.1 8:23 4.5
19 ... 2:16 1.4 S:5»5 5.2 3:03 1.6 9:16 4.5
20 ... 2:53 1.6 9:29 5.4 3:45 1.2 10:C5 4.6
21 ... 3:2.') 1.8 9:57 5.5 4:13 0.8 10:50 4.8
22 .. 3:55 2.1 10:25 5.5 4:4J 0.4 11:35 4.5
23 .. 4;26 2.4 10:5O| 5.5 5:20 0.2
24 ... 0:17 4.5 4:r»S| 2.6! 11:13 5.5| 5:35| 0.0
Steamer. Destination. [ Sails. I Pier.
Alliance "... Portland Oct. 18, 9 am|Pl«r 20
Ccos Bay... Nrwport Oct. 18, !» ana Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 1$, 10 am Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 18. 9 am Pier 1
Walla W... Victoria Oct. 18, 11am Pier 1
City Para.. New York Oct. 18, 12 m PMSS
L,akme Humboldt..... Oct. 19, 5 pm Pier 2
Axcata ..... Coos Bay. Oct. 19, 12 m Pier 19
VV. Kruger. Grays Harbor Oct. 19, 7 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 20, 2 pm Pier 9
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 20. 11 am Pier J4
Corona San Diego Oct. 20, 11 am Pier 11
Bonlta ..... Newport Oct. 22. 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla .. Victoria...:... Oct. 23. 11am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 23. 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Dlegro..... Oct. 24. 11 amjPier 11
Steamer.
IPS'
Steamer.
From-
I Due.
laqua (Eureka..... Oct. 18
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. IS
Corona San Diego Oct. IS
Mlneola Tacoma Oct. 18
Pomona- Humboldt Oct. 18
Homer Newport Oct. IS
Del Norte Portland '. Oct. 18
nival Willapa Oct. 19
IV. H. Kruger.. San Tedro Oct. 19
Umatilla Victoria Oct. 19
Alameda Australia Oct. 19
p cru New York... Oct. 20
Bonlta Newport : Oct. 20
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 21
Kureka Humboldt Oct. 21
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 22
Columbia Portland Oct. 22
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 23
Coos Bay Newport..... Oct. 24
Arcata Coos Bay i Oct. 2«
City of Puebla.. Victoria Oct. 24
North Fork .... Humboldt Oct. 25
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
AMUSEMENTS.
To-Elght. Sunday Night and Saturday Matlnw.
"CARMEN."
The Gr*at Plva COLI*AMARINI as CARMEN'-
r.USSO. SALASSA. REFETTO. NICOLINL
SCHUSTER IN THE CAST.
KrMar. Faturisv Evening*.
"THE JEWESS."
tan? by I..uc<»r;ti I^cht<»r. Ptewart «nfl BAR-
P.OX EEKTHAI.P "HIP FARETWELU
A PrEA R A NCESJ.
rOPtXA P. PRICES 23e and 50c
To!prh'-n«» Pufh *.
»xt Week— "LA GIOCOXDA/' •'CARMEN."
FTECIAL— THURSDAY AFTERNOON, Oci. 25. j
GRAND SYMPHONY CONCERT.
I rf^tion at MAX IIIRPCHFELD. Orchestra
of 60 Seats: r>n «a> THURSDAY. Sherman,
fay 4- Co-'« Store.
VAUDEVILLE HARD TO BEAT !
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND, EDGAR ;
ATCHISON - ELY, BATJCHLE, i
TWIN HALE SISTERS, TOM \
1IAWN & CO.. THE GREAT j
EVEEHAET, EDDIE GIRARD |
AND JESSIE GARDNEB, WILLIS ;
FAMILY. BIOGRAPH.
Referred seats. 25c; balcony, 10c: opera chairs '
and box Feats. 5"c.
BlaUaeea ffetoriflir. Saturday and Eunday. j
GRAND OPEPA HOUSE !
MATINHES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEYf rMMW &d£s I PANY |
ONLY THIS WEEK
WiUiam Uaworth'a Great
Patriotic Naval Drama
THE ENSIGN
Next *n>k-XADAME SANS GEXE:
EVENING PRICES lOc. 15c. 25c. 3Oc.
A Few Front Hove In Orchestra 75c.
MATINEE TRICES K>c. 15c, 25c. 50c.
No Higher
Branch Tirket OTflce — Emporium.
...TO-NIGHT...
Ar4 Al! This 'U'erk, Matinee Saturday,
WKITJNG & WILLIS" COMEDIANS
la the Polite Comedy Classic,
A HINOOO KOODOO
Ccmmencir.s Next BunCay Afternoon,
WM. H. WEST'S BIB MINSTREL JUBILEE.
¦positively the blg-g-cFt thow that Mr. West
has ever brought to the Pacific Coast.
THE BEST EVER.
TONIGHT An &f££ IRE
Sursptuout Spectacular Production.
THE
CORSICA!)!
BROTHERS!
Adapted by Howard Hall From Alexander
Dumu' Novel.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
«fext Week, as Original Romantic Drama—
"A SOLDIER OF THE EMPIRE."
OLYMPIA W£l£&n
THE ONLT KREH VAT'nEVILLE HOUSE IN
THE CITY.
gpee'.al eTirasernent and direct from the Ea*t.
EDDIE MACK,
The Dzr.rinj Wonder.
ANNIE~GOLDIE,
Ajr.erica'e Greatest Lady Coon Shouter and
Hebrew Impersonator.
AKD O**R CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEfR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMlf-FION FREE.
CHUTES/nd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
....THE AMATtURS....
SPECIALTIES
A LADIES' OBSTACLE SACK RAGE.
VAUDEVILLE.
THE CONGO, FAMILY,
Telephone for Feat*, Park 23.
FISCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riov/ncn o Aa mtsn ,o^ io.-.
J. Warren K«ne. All^e Raymond, Mlei May-
V"l>, Mae Tur.'.for., Eudora Forde. Oscar Lie-
man. Robert EUU. Antonio Varras. Harold
UasICT-tf and N»-w Moving Picture*.
R^?T\-^d Seats, 25c; Matinee Sunday.
SUTTRO nnTHS.
OrEN NIGHTS. ¦ - !
Oix?a Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Hathtre From 7 a. m. to IO p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN Dc
• Cath'xg, including admission, 25c; Children, 20c.
1 \S^S|P Variety of
) ./^pfK the latest
J Including MUFFS, NECK BOAS.
F SCARFS, FUR HATS, etc. at
1 REASONABLE PRICES.
I Repairing, Dyeing and Dressing m
f Short Notice.
f AD.KOCOUR. 121 Post St
f (Don't Mistake the Number.)
I Rooms 7 to 11. over O'Connor.
L Moffatt & Co.'s. Phone Black .174.1
AD.VEETISEMENT5.
is hastened, the patient strength- c^W
cned and appetite increased, by Cm£"A .___.^
— tbe greatest food tome. aE^y^\
As desirable for (he well as for the ilL Uncqualed in the world of tonics
for all, young and old.
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
Prepared only by
Brewers of the purest and most famous brands of bottled beer
for family and dub use.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alf Eillrehouse. Proprietor and Manager.
Phono South /....770
Every Evening This Week. Mat. Saturday.
¦THEY COME WITH HANKERS W A VINO."
PLATING TO STANDING ROOM.
TO SEE
THE MAN FROM MEXICO
That Funny Farce Is Repeating Its Former
¦Record.
WITH GEORGE C. BONIFACE JR. and a
Select Comedy Cast.
First Time at Fooular Prices.
Evening 15c. Cr>e. 33c, 50c and 75c
Matinee 15c, 25c, 35c and 50e
Next funday Afternoon, Another Stellar At-
traction From New York— "BROWN'S IN
TOWN."
V fifflllfi iySH wsxnn
EVERT NIGHT (EXCEPT SUNDAY)
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE ONLY REAL
The Original London. New York and Chicago
Production.
Begrinning Next Monday. Third and Last Week.
•QUO VADIS."
PRICES $1.50, $1. 75c. 50c, 25c
FMOBRI'S THEftTER
• ODD FELLOWS 1 HALL.)
THURSDAY, OCTOBER IS, l?00.
Immense Success of Our New Enterprise.
The w«*k'« programme will consist of a de-
lightful farce comedy. AN OPERETTA BY
OFFENBACH, together ¦with an olio of spe-
cialties, dances, songs and sketches of rare
mtrit by a host of eminent artists. Every Fri-
day evening GERMAN PERFORMANCE by a
fplendid company of players. Popular prices —
JSe and 50c. Box sheet at the theater. Tel.
fnvith 746.
»-o-»-o-*-o-«- o-^o ? o *¦ o«-ovo-*-oVo4-o*
f *
T ¦Illllli I BULL ¦¦ JMIIMill-l—
* E-J? iS A
? |1 Natural Mineral Water ?
* IVStt known for centuries and f
O £i§i?il Imported q
£ ONLY IN B O TTI -ES. ?
o i%u£z§^ F" Disordered Stcmch ?
? E-f$li||| &ni Indigestion. °
O ISSSSiSSBlts Tnlue h^s been testl. O
o ?TslSSw'iS? fled t0 to y thousands. ?
t VICHY So.cnlled Vichy in Sy. °
® -^"^Hil^r* phons
O E^llilP IS NOT VICHY. +
4 'zSSM Get the Genujne * ?
0 f£3jR~£&£*' Tonr physician 0
? P^rarQryS * la recommend It. ?
t £iiB££3S« A - HOMIER, DiitribnUsg Agtct J
RUPTURE CUBED.
When we eay "rorture cured" we mean It,
for It is a fact that during the past 23 years
DR. PIERCE'B MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothlne else
like It. Beet retainer made. It doei the work.
Investigate for yourself. E7"Ca!l for "Book-
let No. V" cr send 2 cents in stamps. Ad-
flress:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C2O Market Street, San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
JviajrORTjORDAN'S great i
IHUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A C& i:n urn!? st. m. e^trtb. z.r . :& A
v CS The Lvgett Anatomical Museum In tbe \
(f .'joftl*ii. V/orid. Weitneuw or lay contracted g
JT ifcCT £?»J <Ji«»«e pcsitlwrlyemrodhy the oldest T
8* I SS *3 1 Spca&list «".» the Cout. Hit. 36 you*. ®
<* tP^ft Ofl - «iO R uAW-PRIViTE 01SEASES *
1 f n3S^S toiniltation fr?* and strictly private.
0 £ litatfl Trtltment prrs< nilly rr by letter. Ai !
1 1 vTltj fttJw* Cur* in every case undertakes. '
A F i lift Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY •!', i
" * II IT MABHIAGI!, MAILEO FASH. «aI
A jj £J ' valuable book for nxra) .
7 DR- JOBDASf A CO., 1051 Market St.,8. F. I
I PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found In the continued
pflLtroDASG © * t he f •* who on sonic previous
occasion have made them their head-
quarter* when vljltlng San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on tb«
American and European plan. -.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
£ep*rat« Xtooma. tiyzncaslum. Military DriU.
CHRISTMA* TERM BEGINS AUOHST HTH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. PrincipalArnold T. Fuller, to Michael H. McCafTertv
lot on N line of .Pacific street, 2326 E of PnlZ'
E 28 by N 100; $10. ** of Polk -
City Rnd County of San Francisco to Fd
Friedlander. lot on E lino of Farren avenue 73
S of Ellis St.. S 25 by E 75; $— avenue. >*
Maria E. and Jacob Hllplsch and J. s Reid
(by Henry M. Covert commissioner) to Home
seekers' Loan Association, lot on XV line of
Farren avenue. 100 S of Ellla, S 23 by \V 90:
Helena and Mathilda Mlchaells. Richard Kel
ler. Daniel Suter and Emma F. Kesslerto
Christopher C. Cox. lot on S line of Clav .twi
g2:6 E of Broderlck. E 27:6 by S IW'UO
J. G. Klumpke to same, lot on SW corner of
Baker and Jefferson streets. S 103-1V1 by XV
137:6. oultclalm deed: $10. *»"•*>* oy v»
Louis? Landler. Frances Korbel. J. J. Rauer
S. W. Laskey. J J. McDade (reWtver). R. C
Jones (assignee by B. P. Oliver, commissioner
to Homeseekers* Loan Association; lot cfl XV
byV'lW k 8treet * M N Of Waller - N a
PaclHc Mutual Bulldlns and Loan Association
REAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
CHICAGO. . Oct. 17-— CATTT^K— Receipts
16.000, Including 2S00 Westerns; good to medium
steers, stronger; Westerns, strong, lfc higher;
gool to prime steers, $3 30S5 S5; poor to
medium, $4 35©6 30; selected feeders, choice
steady: others slow, $3 fii>@4 60; mixed stockera'
Mow, $2 75@3 85: cows. (2 75©4 20; heifers, *2 60
«4 65: canners. $2Q2 65; bulls, $2 65©>4 30- calves
$406 25; Texas fed steers, J»®4 »0; Texas grass
steers, J3 2Gft4 10; Texas bulls, $2 75iJ?3 25
HOGS— Receipts, 31,000; to-morrow, 30.000 esti
mated; left over. 8000; 10c to 15c lower. Top.
Chicago Livestock Market.
I/>NI>ON. Oct. 17.— At the wool auction oale«
to-day there was a good attendance and busi
ness was active. The .number of bales offered
was 11.7S8. CroBS-breds were In smaller supply
and were well competed for by the home trade
and the Continent, American representatives
puylng full prices. Cape of Good Hope and
Natals were in good supply and In steady de
infind. most of the stock offered being sold
Some of the snow white were withdrawn on
account of their meeting with sellers' views
New clip New Zealand wools sold well and
coarse grades were firm.
London Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 17.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The wool
market has been more active, the sales of the
week aggrejratlng 3.814.S00 pounds. Meat of th6
purchasing has been done by the mills of mod
erate size. Some of the large consumers have
been around and have made some offers, but
these were In most Instances below the Ideas
of holders and the result is that they secured
but little wool. The Influence of the political
campaign is still being felt In the wool mar
ket and the large consumers as a whole have
evidently made up their minds to wait until
after the election before laying In large lines.
Here and there may be noted an Indication of
a speculative tendency In anticipation of orders
for goods after the election, but this cuts but
little figure In the market as yet. In the West
holders still remain firm and attempts which
have been made by representatives of the East
ern trade to break prices have failed. The
sales of the week In Boston amounted "to 3,204,
300 pounds domestic and 110,000 pounds foreign,
making a total of 3,314,300 pounds, against a
total of 2,881,000 pounds for the previous week
and a total of 8,020,000 pounds for the corre
sponding week last year. The Bales since Jan
uary 1 amount to 104,501.800 pounds, against
238,974,100 pounds for the corresponding time
last year. • .
Boston Wool Market.
Wheat— Dec. Feb.
Opening .' 6 0% 6 1%
Closing 6 1% 6 2H
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-April.
Opening 19 93 2130
Closing 19 &0 21 30
Flour-
Opening 23 35 27 20
Closing ; 23 35 27 15
LIVERPOOL.
Ca?h I quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. fi7*i'!j75c: No. 2
red, 74>>;fj76'4c; Xo. 2 corn, *l l Stl%c.; No. 2 yel-
Ifw. 41'!z4Hic; No. 2 white, 24 1 4*?23c; No. 3
white. 22f(24 :l ic; No. 2 rye, 50c; fair to choice
malting. iiuZ2c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 7S>4: No. 1
Northwestern. $1 79: prime timothy seed. $4 10^
4 15; rneps pork, per barrel. J12'!J12 23: lard, per
100 pounds, 1$ 77U'g6 80; short-rib sides (loose),
J7R7 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $6 25®
6 10; ehort clear sides (bosed), J7®7 10; whisky,
basis of high wines. $1 27; clover, contract
grade, f 10 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 42,000 22,000
Wheat, bushels 424.COO 34,000
Corn, bushels 797,000 499,000
Oats, bushels 524. 000 284,000
Rye. bushels 16.000 4.000
Barley, bushels 21,300 38,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16@21V4c; dairy,
U^lSc. Cheese, firm, 10%@ll?ic. Hggs. steady;
fresh, 17%c.
120 Iowa 'Central ..• 1^^
Iowa Central prefd <lh±
3.370 Lake Krle & Western 34
300 Lake Krie t Western preti... ; J7
I>ake Phore 2!X
7.:.2S LMulpville & Nashville 74
: J2.24S Manhattan Elevated 83>4
£0.051* Metropolitan Street Hallway U.1'4
100 Mexican Central 11> 4
200 Minneaj>o!iE & St Louie C5'
100 Mlnneajxslls & Kt Ix<uls prefd S4\»
12.W M'.Fsourt Pacific f,2>i
Mobile & Ohio 3S
, t ..T. Mltiw-uri 'f°ntn« & Texas s>\
Shares Closing
AtcST f%
17,';C0 Atchison 72^
b,7id Baltimore & Ohio 73",
Canadian Pacific Ij7
4tO Canada S-/Uth*-rn i... f,2
. 6.420 ChetaiJOSke & Ohio 30*
278 Chicasa cireat Western lo^
4,ili Chicago Burlington & Qulncjr 12%
Chicago Ind & Louisville 21
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 63
Chicago & Eastern Illinois S214
100 Chicago & Northwestern 1C1
3 6T0 Chicago Itock Island & Pacific 107U
300 C C C A fit I»uis C2Va
1- j Colorado Pout hern 51^
Colorado Bouthcm ifl prefd m '
T:A Colorado Southern !d prefd ......... IS
SJ2 Delaware & Hudson --.... 112
uty l>eliiware l^ackawanna a: Western. .ir«
iio r>enver & iiio Orande U^
<;:. Deover A: Kio Grande prefd CSS
l"0 Krle 1T<4
J.370 Erie lrt prefd 25
;s5 Oreat Northern prefd 1X17
Hocking Coal 3.43.4
2.C70 Hockiny Valley 25^
fsi Illinois Central 118
NEW YOPJi STOCK LIST.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Some continued ef
loit was made in rrofessional quarters to ad
vance the j>rice of stocks to-<Jay, but the bull
* forces were considerably depleted and it was
evident :;.-* the manipulation for the advance
In some quarters was taken advantage of to
realize 1:1 others. Yesterday's market fairly
demonstrated that the outstanding ehort In
terest had bees reduced to such proportions an
to make their demand Ineffective in continu
ing the advance In prices. To-day lt looked
very much as though some of the Important
bull interests had taken early cognizance of
this fact, and had promptly taken their profits.
i£ome of Uie recent lr.nuential bull operators
had fairly reversed their position to-day and
wt-re openly large sellers of stocks. There was
FUiflclect fhow of ttrength in yesterday's mar
ket to attract a considerable accumulation of
buying orders Irom outside sources this morn
[OC la eiiite of opening rtct-sHions this buy
'lng encouraged the bulls to resume operations
fur the advance. The sharp twUt to the Ehort
Interest in People's Gas was an Influential
lactor in their favor. The definitive announce
ment that the People's and the Ogden com
panies had adjuster! their difficulties and had
come und'.r one control caused excited trad
lr^j in People'* Gas. Orders were simultane
ously executed at quotations running from 93*i
down to i2 on the sale ol £300 shares at the
oiK»r.lr^. The crlce was later run up an ex
treme 2\. It was owing to the amount of
long fitfjek which came out at that level the
jirlce Xell back tnd the ttock closed with a
net caln cf cr.ly 1^. Tl.e reaction in People's
tias and the taUslaciion of the outside de
mand lor stacks made the latter manipulation
ir.r the advance intr!Tt-ctual. Southern liallway
X'rcferrcd and Lrjuitsville and Nashville were
j.URted up 1% and \% and there was eager
buying cf the Iteadlng etrxks on the conr
l>ujiy'f settlement with the miners. Lake Krle
j>nd Western had a striking advance of three
;•:•.'- and Conculidated Uas ros« 4»i. Tliere
were some Eubttar.tlal gains In a number of
less prominent, stocks, ar^d among them a few
net sair.s were saved en the day. But the
dGslr.g showed a reactionary tendency through
out'and was lmi|. with many Ftocks at the
lOjII'iat of the day and :.'t lueees the rule. The
txpectation is pretty confident that next Sat
urday's bank ttatCSMSt will make a strong
fhuwing. but there is seme recurrent anxiety
&£ u> f- - future.
TTie currtnt relief from the sub-treasury Is
believed to have about come to an end and
bhould a recovery in the price or cotton Induce
a renewed demand for funds from the Interior,
the Kcw York money market would again have
to face the problem of falling reserves.
There was a falling off in the activity of
the bond market and lncrease<l Irregularity.
Tctal fnles, j.ar value, JU&'Xi.OOO.
Ui.ited States refunding 2s and the old 4s ad
vanced hi rer cent on the la?t call.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
j CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— Wheat was firm the
j first half of the session under the influence of
i an advance at Liverpool and reports of dam
| ages from Argentina. Trade was moderatlvely
active, wltji a little nibbling for the English
; account. December opened 14-5 %c higher at
i59k4275Kc. and on profit-t.iking by scai[>ers
I touched 75'ic The ofterlngs were- easily taken
, and later encouragements in the way of reports
j of a cash demand in the Northwest and a
j sharp advance at Duluth, together with the
1 lightness of Northwest receipts, I>ecember
; steadily advanced to 76%@75\c The bulge,
j however, failed to receive support and under
; spelling by disgusted local Bulls, December
; dropped to 74Tj.c, and closed heavy, V»c under
; yesterday at 73o.
I Corn was dull and neglected with the ten
j dency lower, December closing HS%c lower at
: 3oUc
I Oats were stagnent and deserted. December
j closed HtHic down at 21T4®22c.
] Provisions were quiet and easier early on
moderate selling by local Interests, but the
market steadied later on buying for the English
account. January pork closed 5c lower, lard
unchanged and ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. t—
October 74 74Vi 73*; 73*i>
November 74*i 75 74Vfc 74U
December "514 73% 74"i 73
Corn No. 2—
October 41 41H 40?i 4Wi
November 3SH 3S>-i 37\ 37'*
December 33^, 33% S3V* 35V4
Oats No. 2—
I October 21>4 21M: 21»4 21?4
1 November 21 5 » 21H 21>4 21V4
December 22H 22Vj 22 22
! Mess Pork, per barrel—
• October 14 60
, November 1100 1100 10 &0 10 90
; January 1120 1130 1120 11 22',i
I Lard, per 100 pounds—
October 6 75
November 6 if, 6 77% 6 7IVi 6 77'$
January 655 660 6 65 C 57',i
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
October 6 M> 6 SH) 6 75 6 73 '
November 6 23 6 25 6 12<4 6 12^
January 5 S714 6 00 t &2H 5 S2V4
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2©4c per lb;
String Beans, Ka 3c: Llmas, 2JT3C per lb: Cab
bA<t»>. |i; .Tomato*" 1 . Bay, 30©6Oc: Ew Plant,
3C@50c per box; Green Okra, 40@5Oc; Green
Peppers, 3G&6UC per box . for Chill und 4<J$i50c
for Dell; Drl^d Pepners. lO^lSo: Cnrrots. 25@35c
per sack; Summer Squash. tO&Ka for Alameda;
Cucumbers. 30250c for Alameda; Pickles, Jl 25
POTATOES— Burbanks, 30@«0c for Rivers and
fScffJl 10 per ctl* for Salinas and Ki'BXtOc for
Oregon; Sweets. 60075c for Rivers and $1 10 for
Merced.
UNIONS— 60@75c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35@
60c.
A car of Merced Sweets sold at Jl 10. Other
vi&e there was nothing new under this head.
BEANS— BayoB. J2&2 10; Small White. J3 50®
3 60; Large White. $3 40<3 - 2 50: Pink, $1 93®2;
Red. $2 &Q<&3; Blackeye, »2 60®2 75; Lima, $5 20
©5 30; Pea, J3 8504; Red Kidneys, J2 75@3.
SEEDS— Drown Mustard, 4c; Yellow Mustard,
5c; Flax. J2 2502 40: Canary, 3%c per lb for
California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nom
inal; Rape, 2V4@3c; Hemp, 4@4Vic; Timothy.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. Jl B0@2; Green, Jl 80@
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, Jl 5001 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices for Beans remain the same and the
condition of the market remains unchanged,
though over 9000 sacks came In yesterday.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. J5@8; Wheat. J11013 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10@12 50; Oat. $9011 50; Clover.
15^7; Alfalfa. $6 50®S 50; Barley, $7<g>9 per ton.
STRAW— 35®45c per bal*.
Hay was again reported very firm, though
quotations stood the same. There .were large
arrivals of Bran from Oregon and Washington,
but consignees reported a firm market. Rolled
Barley Is lower. ¦¦"'<>-
BRAN-$lb&i7 60-per ton.
MIIir>T,TNr;s — $170"21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. J16@16 per
ton; oilcake Meal at tne mill. J«®2d; jobbing,
J26 60; Cocoanut Cake, J17<8U8; Corn Meal, J28@
27; Cracked Corn, J26B0@27 5O; Mixed Feed, J13
016.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 SO®
3 75; usual terms; Bakers' Extras. J3 40@3 60;
Oregon and Washington, J2 75®3 10 per bbl for
family and J3 1533 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
J4 75T/G 76 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Pr|c*i In sacks are as fol
lovrs, usual discount to the. trade: .Graham
Flour, ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 7S; Rye
Meal. J2 E0; Rice Flour, J7- Corn Meal, J2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
ing. *3 6003 75; Buckwheat Flour. *4ig4 25;
Cracked Wheat, S3 CO; Farina, J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J6@
7 25; In sacks, J3 75®"7; Pearl Barley, J5; Split
Peas. J5; Green Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White, Jl 35igi 50; Surprise. $1 45(2 > 1 65; Red,
SI 15@1 S3 for feed and $1 264H 40 for seed; Gray,
Jl 25®1 35; Black, for feed. »1 10®l 17H: for
fceert. Jl 22U/Q1 32H per ctl.
CORN— There Is no further change to report.
Eastern yellow and white are quoted at Jl 25
and Eastern mlxrd at Jl 22V4 per ctL
RTE— ®0c per ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal SesFlon— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
71%c.
Afternoon Session— May— 1000 ctls, 72%c; 2000,
72%c.
OATS— Continue firm and unchanged. Pur
chases are being made to fill a Government
contract.
Feed. T1U072HC for choice bright. 6S\@70c
for No. 1 and 62H(7?<>7"-c for off grades; Brew-
Ing and Shipping grades, 75SSOc; Chevalier,
nominal.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls, 98Vic;
4000. iS\c; May— 2000, Ji 0oY»: 14.000. Jl 05; 2000,
Jl Ooi,;.
PARLEY — There Is less depression, but the
nuirkct remains dull and easy.
Regular Morning Session — December— 12.000
ctlf. H9c; 4fiC0. PS\c; May— 2000, $1 00; 4000,
Jl o:.^; 14,000, Jl 00%.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — TVcember —
2000 ctls. PSHc: 10.000. 9S%c; May— 200O, Jl «5v; ;
200C tlOCft; 20C0, |l Oi\i; 2000, Jl OGH; 12,000,
Jl 05»i.
Sf-cjond Session — December— S00O ctls, 93c;
Mny— 6OV>. fl 05%.
CALL HOARD SALES.
WHEAT — The market presented a firmer ap
pearance yesterday. Paris was stronger, Liv
erpool advanced. New York rose slightly, but
fell back again and Chicago also improved
somewhat, with Indications of a further ad
vance. The demand there was moderate for
local account, bu: there was seme foreign buy-
Ing. The weather was fine and there was
ro pressure to sell. Argentine cables reported
damage from excessive rains.
In the local market both spot and future quo
tations were a little better.
Hpot Wheat-Shipping, 9GV4@9THc; Milling,
Jlizl C2Vj per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Kxchange, 60 days — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 86
New York Exchange, sight — 07ft
New York Exchange, telegraphies — 10
Fine Silver.' per ounce — jj
Mexican Ixillars, nominal C0>4 @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
The pressure has fallen over the northern por
tion of the Pacific slo;* and risen over Ari
zona.
The temperature has fallen over Western Ore
pon and remained nearly stationary In other
districts.
The weather has become cloudy from Cen
tral California ncrthvard over Washington.
Oregon and Northern Nevada. The winds have
changed to south and southeast along the coast
from San Francisco northward, indicating the
rapid approach of a storm off the Oregon coast.
Storm southeast signals have been ordered on
the northern California coast for high south
erly winds Thursday and Thursday night.
Rain warr.ir.ps have be-en sent to all points
from San Francisco northward and in the
gar.ta Clara Valley for showers Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
fcours. eadinjj midnight. October 18. 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy and threatening
Thursday, with thowers In the north portion,
probably extending icto the San Joaquin Val
ley Thursday night; fresh to brisk 6outherly
wiad
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
wc*t wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with showers In north por
tion Tfcur>dav; cooler.
Utah— Partly cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Showers Thurs
day; fresh to brisk southerly wind.
G. II. V.'ILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST
OSHh raorid'.an— Pacific time.)
The following maximum temperatures were
Reported from stations In California to-day:
"Eureka CI Los Angeles 7S
Mount Tamalpals 66 Sacramento 7>
Indej^ndenoe 7C San Luis Obispo 74
lied Bluff 7S san Diego 66
Presno ss
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
€2; nilnin.um, 48; iman, SS.
WEATIIEK CONDITIONS AND GENEU.VL
Weather Report.
The receipts of quicksilver at this port for
September were 13.*2 fiasks, valued at $15,257.
Dcrlaf the same rccnth last year thes* re
ceipts amounted to 1741 flanks, valued at $17,204.
The exjorts of quicksilver from this port for
fi'pteniber tunounted to 4So flasks, valued at
ill.MJ, against 543 lla>ks valued ut $^i.t*6 for
the fase n:- nth ls«i year. The exports sine
January 1 am'junt to ECU flasks, valued a.:
J27C.OI1, sigainst t>732 flasks valued at J311, lbl
during the game period last year.
The exports of barley from this port for Sep
tember were 411.ES4 ctls, valued at $401,811.
ajrair.st E04.MT ctls valued at I52Q.66I lor th»
tarr.e month last year. Since January 1 these
e>;j<orts have amounted to 2.iC2,464 ctls, valued
ul Ji.W6.Si4. while the total ior Me same period
ia«t year was LGS4.CS1 ctls, valued at Jl.
i:»<>,t7C. •
Receipts and Exports Quicksilver.
Exports of Barley.
The America Ham took out a treasure list
of t&OQ. consisting of IU.6M In Mexican dol
lars. S3i3D in gold coin and $3LOu0 In sllvtr
bullion.
Trcasure Shipment.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— Money on call. firm.
at ZQS\i per cent; last loss. 31&. Prim«-mar-
New York Money Market.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.— To-day's statement
cf the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the U50.000.000 gold reserve In th«
division of redsmpUon, shows: Available cash
balance, J133.U-1.0O0: sold.. J*7,912.91S.
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON. Oct. 17.— Atchleon. 80%; Canadian
Pa-ifle. 90-H: Union Pacific. T7*-i : Norther:: Pa
citic preferred, 73% ; Grand Trunk. 6%- Ana
conda, 9>4: bar silver steady, 23 3-16d per ounce
meney, 14 per cent.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram «ays:
The markets here were Irregular and Inactive
to-day, except In the American department, be
ing discouraged by the way In which the set
tlemer.t of the African and Chinese troubles Is
dragging. Americans opened weak here fear
ing the effects of Bryan's work In New York.
N*w York rallied prices later.
Paris was unsettled, selling Spanish bonds
and Brazilians rather heavily.
The bank sold £42.000 gold In French coin.
It Is understood that French wool merchants
8re drawing against recent heavy speculative
purchases of wool In Australia. There was a
strong demand to-day for gold, which Is held
at 77s 114d. but the supply Is small. It Is
the general opinion here that the bank mini
mum discount rate will not be advanced to
mcrrtyw.
London Market.
1.300 Missouri Kansas & Texae prefd.... 2S*i
4 Of '2 New Jeiwv Central 1 3S
2.310 New York Central 13OV4
13.700 Norfolk & Western 3«f»
200 Norfolk & Western prefd 6Vs
10,500 Northern Pacific J2
1.300 Northern Pacific prefd 1H
2.1Z0 Ontario & Western 21 Vs
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
11,300 Pennsylvania 133^
1.H0 Reading l'l
2i>.S70 Reading 1st prefd 6S
2.C30 Reading Cd pYefd 27?i
Rio Grande Western 49 ¦
Rio Grande Western prefd 80
TOO St Louis & Pan Fran 11
555 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 66
200 St I>ouis & San Fran 2d prefd 33H
SCO St Louis South western 12'-^
.. St Louis Sciuthw«?stern prefd 29\
6.500 St Paul 113%
Pt Paul prefd 170 ; -
J00 >t Paul & Omaha 110 1
5.449 Southern Pacific 2H± '
UM<0 Southern Railway 12^
9,455 Southern Railway prefd D6 !
LOCO Texas & Pacific 16'i,
(0.000 Union Pacific C\
2.C43 Union Pacific pr*»fd 75^
200 Wal.ash 71!
l.I'O WabaFh prefd is
2'0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9
S.2^1 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 2.'^
MO Wisconsin Central 13a.
1C0 Third Avenue m^
Express Companies —
Adam? j2*i
American ."152
United States -4$
Wells Fargo 125
Miscellaneous —
233 American Cotton Oil 3i\±
American Cotton Oil prefd Sl v i
"00 American Malting 4V
American Malting prefd 23
4,7 f i0 American Smelting & Refining 415s
4S4 American Smelting & Ref prefd Si* 1^
Americcn Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
TOO American Steel Hoop lft*;
300 American Steel "Hoop prefd fit'.v,
7.IS3 American Steel & Wire 33V,
WO American fteel & Wire prefd T4Vt
LE30 American Tin Plate Si'4
W American Tin Plate prefd Su
7.2.V) American Tobacco SO
American Tobacco prefd 127
2.ili> AnaroncJa Mining Co 44'i
11,700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit MVfe
L.2S0 Colorado Fuel & Ircn r.'t
3.]i-0 Continental Tobacco ITUj
U*> Continental Tobacco prefd 79
3.120 Federal Steel 34-*,
S50 Federal Steel prefd 64* t
300 General Electric 141
£10 Glucose Sugar E2%
Glucose Supar prefd 9S
:M International Paper is»i
International Paper prefd 654
£15 LacWe Gas 6!>'
Cla National Biscuit 33
National Hiccult prefd 85
200 National Lead 19
National Lead prefd S2
l.SCQ National Fteel 264
170 National Steel prefd S4>i
New York Air Brake 122
100 North American 15^i
Pacific Coast 57
Pacific Coast 1st prefd &5
Pacific Coast 2d prefd CS
3.OS5 Pacific Mall 33
57.72^ People's Gas S4
400 Pressed Steel Car 3:<H
Preyed Steel Car prefd 76^
Pullman Palace Car 1S6
Standard Rope & Twine Jl^i
25,000 Sugar tlS%
Sug-ar prefd ll"**
J-fiflo . Tennessee Coal & Iron &0 T g
LSSO Tnited States Leather 104
<20 United States Leather prefd 70
E.000 United States Rubber SIVa
United States Rubber prefd 92
r«> We?tern Union "j^i
C75 Republic Iron & Steel Co 11*4
1.S41 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 53
P C C & St Louis 65
439,900 Shares sola.
CLOSING BONDS.
tJ S 2s ref. reg 104 \* T Central lsts..lO7H
U S 2s ref, coup.. ..104 .' J Ont c<?n 5s.. .1234
U S 2s reg .-...1CS». 4 Pacific 3s SSH
D B 3s coup W.<u V Pacific 4s Jft3%
U S new 4s regr 123 N" Y C & St L 4s..l«6
V K new 4s coup. .134 V & W con 4s i»7%
U S old 4s reg Ui\ Or Nav lsts 109
U 8 old 4s coup. ...111*4 Or Nav 4s 103V6
U S 5s reg 112 Or Short Line 6s. .127
U S 5s coup 113\i Or S Line con 6s..ll2 s i
Dis of Col 8.63»....123 Reading Gen 4s.... 8SV4
Atchlson gen 4s... 93T4 ROW lsts 9SH
Atchlson adj 4s.... 87 5 L & I SI con Es.lWi
Canada So 2ds 106^41? L & S F gen 6s.l22«i
Ches & Ohio *\' x t.. 93»i ?t Paul cons 170
nwe & Ohio 5s 119V* =t P C & P lsts.. .US'*
C & NW con 7s.. .133*4 5t P C & P Le llf^i
C & NWSFdeb Es.l20>4 Pacific 4s 73H
Ztgo Terminal 43.. »2H Railway Es 109H
Colo Southern 4s... SI Stand R & T 63... 6S%
D & R G lsts 103 Tex & Pac lfts....H34
D & R G 4s 9SH Tex & Pac 2ds 65
Erie General 4s.... 69"i tTnlon Pacific 4s. .10474
F W & D C lsts.. 72 W'abash l*t» lll»i
Gen Electric 5s. ..120 vrabash 2ds 102
towa Central lets.. 112 West Ehore 4s.. v .llSH
L AN Unl 4s..;.... 93 Wls Cent lsts S5H
M K & T 2ds K% Va Centuries 90
M K & T 4s S2
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22|Ontarto 6 00
Crov.n Point 15' ; Ophlr 83
Con Cal & Va 1 20!nymouth 12
Deadwood 45 j Quicksilver 123
Oould & Curry 7S • do prefd 6 00
Hale & Norcross... 40 Sierra Nevada .... 32
Homestake w 00 -Standard 3 73
Iron Silver .; 63 Union Con 34
Mexican 3S Yellow Jacket .... 23
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ,fnlon Pacific 60«i
rail loans 3g4 1 4Cnlon Land 14
Time loans 3Q6j\Vest End 91
Stocks— Wls Cent 13 s i
Atchtson 24 Bonds
do prefd 72 A.tchlson 4s 99«4
Am Sugar 119Vi X E a & Coke Ee. 63
do prefd ,...116 Mining shares-
Bell Telephone .,..144 Adventure 44
Bonon & Albany..i47 Allouez MIn Co ... 1H
Boston Elevated ..149 Amalg Copper SS4
Boston & Maine 1*8 Atlantic 23
- B & Q 126^ Boston & Mont.. .337
Dom Coal Si's Butte- & Boston 63
do prefd 113 ICalumet & Hecla..765
Fed Steel 34%! Centennial 16
do prefd C4H Franklin 144
Pitchburg prefd 138H ' Humboldt 26
Sen Elec 141*4 :Dsceola. 70'4
<\o prefd 1394'Parrot 43H
Ed Elec III 212 jQuincy 145
Mex Cent 114 Santa Fe Copper.. 6>4'
N E Gas & Coke.. 124iramarack 23«'
Old Colony 201 /Utah Mining 30»i
Old Dominion 21%/tVinona^ 214
Rubber 31 /Wolverines 40Vi
Dealings In evaporated apples were limited
tr, such an extent as only to supply Immediate
wants and the market was no better than
steady at unchanged prices. State common,
4<&5c per lb; prime, 4»i@5Uc; choice, 5HS6c;
fancy, 6!??6%c.
California dried frtrits were quiet and steady.
PRUNES— 3',zSSHc per lb, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll®14c; Moorpark, 15<316c
I'EACHES— Peeled. 16g20c; unpeeled, 6@Sc.
DRIED FRUITS.
~ " — ; #
•>r^ W YOnK - <**• ".-FLOUR-Recelpts.
»n.C60 barrels; exports, E0S3; sales, 7400 pack
eres. The market was neglected but steady
at old prices.
WHEAT— Receipts. 140,650 bushels; exports,
139,. SS; sales, 1.875,000 bushels futures, 160 000
spot. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 79Vic fob
afloat and 7Sc elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth'
PH? k 0 V, U afloat = X( >- 1 hard Duluth. S7Vic
1. o. b. afloat. Options were again very firm
S^l^y. considering their dullneVa. the
chief bull Influence being higher English cables.
bullish Argentine crop news, stronger North
west and San Francisco markets, local cover-
Ing and smaller receipts. They finally yielded
to realizing, however, and closed easy at un
changed prices. March. 83QS3HC. closed S3c:
May, S3»*<SS3=kc. closed S3Vic; October, 77i£@
ci™=ed°-9C; ed 77% ° : December - 79 H-16® 80 3-16c,
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice S%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9^@l4c. ¦ Futures closed
barely steady, with prices 10 points lower.
Total sales, 9000 bags, including; December,
?< 20^7 25: January, $7 35; March, $7 35@7 40;
May, $7 i 0 .
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining. 4«c:
centrifugal. S6 test. 4»ic; molasses sugar, 4%c:
tvfined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4073 packages. Firm;
creamery. 16ft'22c; June creamery, lSS21«Ac
factory. 13gi6c.
EGGS— Receipts. 7000 packages. Firm; West
em regular packing at mark, 16S19c; Western,
loss off, 21c.
Silz'cr firmer. Exchange as before.
Wheat advanced slightly and Barley steady.
Oats, Com' and Rye unchanged.
Beans in heavy receipt, but no lower.
Szirct Potatoes doing rather better.
Butter zveakcr and Eggs firmer. Cheese in light supply.
Poultry depressed, with large stocks. Game about the same.
Fresh and Dried Fruits quiet and featureless.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Local packers trying to reduce the price of Hogs.
Shipment of $46,520 to China.
acfiVe* w a .?£ r - £ ® C P e £ oent - Sterlln « exchange,
nt J/wS lfh actual business In bankers' bills,
ai-A- ™ t / demand and at $4 81 for sixty
da>8, posted rates, $4 Slij and $4 85U- com
uS£&£!2£ * 4S(^W* Silver cerUflcSS.
«Hc l V - C - Bar slIve r. CCc. Mexican dollars,
B^°Jl e . rnm n nt J* 0^ 8 - strong; State bonds, ln
actl\e; railroad bonds, Irregular.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 17—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid A**
Alpha 05 06 Kentuck 03 0i
Alta 03 04 Lady Wash .... — 03
Andes 09 11 Mexican 43 A
Belcher 21 22 Occidental 09 11
Best & Belcher 38 39 Ophlr «s «9
Bullion 05 06 Overman ....** 10 ri
Caledonia 43 45 Potosl 21 91
Chollar 26 27 Savage .'/. 35 «
Challenge Con.. 21 22 ; Scorpion 01 -.
Confidence 76 S3 Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Cal & Va.l 25 1 30 31erra Nevada^ 38 »7
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill . 37 *g
Eureka Con — 45 St Louts _ v>
Crown Point... 17 13 Standard — 3 «5
Exchequer .... — 02 ; 3yndlcate " 04 —
Gould & Curry. 81 83,Unlon Con .. 4 X
Hale & Norcrs 33 39iL'tah . T« fs
&*•"•/.:::::: 3? SI yellow Jac " kii: = »
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
, • Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher S9| 700 Ophlr 90
400 Best & Belcher 38 500 Potost 23
300 Challenge Con. 241 500 Potosl 22
300 Challenge Con. 23 300 Potosl 21
300 Chollar 27 500 Savage S6
300 Chollar 2fi 300 Savage ... " 53
400 Con Cal & Va.l 30 500 Sierra Nevada" 36
500 Crown Point... 17| 500 Union Con 29
600 Gould & Curry 82 500 Utah ... u
200 Hale & Norcrs- 41 200 Utah '" 15
300 Hale & Norcrs 88 30 Yellow Jacket.'." 25
200 Mexican 41 S0O Yellow Jacket 23
200 Occidental 11 400 Yellow Jacket 21
200 Occidental .... ioi «.*«.. il
300 Belcher 221 200 Mexican 43
400 Best & Belcher 391 600 Ophlr 83
200 Bullion 05i 200 Ophlr gs
800 Chollar 2S! 200 Ophlr 90
200 Con Cal & Va.l 30; 600 Potosi 23
500 Con New York 01! 300 Savage 33
300 Gould & Curry 81. 500 Savage 36
600 Justice 07) 800 Sierra Nevada. 37
200 Mexican 41 300 Union Con .... 27
200 Mexican 42 600 Utah 15
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session,
500 Belcher 22' 400 Mexican 44
200 Best & Belcher 33 100 Mexican 43
300 Challenge 24 100 Ophlr 9a
100 Con Cal & Va.l 30 100 Savage 3c
200 C C & V, b 30.1 30 600 Sierra Nevada. 36
200 Gould & Curry 82 400 Union Con 27
100 Hale & Norcrs 39 100 Yellow Jacket.. 2-1
500 Kentuck 041
Mornlnc Session.
100 Belcher 22 200 Overman 11
200 Belcher 21 £00 Potosl 24
100 Best & Belcher 40 100 Savage 36
200 Can Cal & Va.l 25 600 Savage. 33
100 Crown Point... 17 100 Sierra Nevada. S«
400 Gould & Curry 82 100 Sierra Nevada. 37
700 Mexican 42 200 Silver Hill .... 33
600 Ophlr S3 50 Union Con ..-.. 28
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 17—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Is quar coup...ll4%U3% | s do cp (new). 134 135
la do reg U4H115?i 3s do coup 110 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co..l02V4104
Cal-st Cab 5s..lls>* —
C C Water 0S..IO6H —
Ed L & P 6s. 131 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — —
Geary-st R 6s. —
H C & S SHs —
x>o 6s 100 —
L A R Es 105 106
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103
Vo gntd 6s... — —
L A gntd 5s.. — 1014
L A P R R 5s. — 102*
Market-et 6s. ..128 129
Do 1st M 5s.. 118 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114
N R of Cal 63.113 —
Do Es 116& —
N P «: R R 6s. 102 —
Do Ca 107 —
N Cal Ry Es.,.110 113
Oak «! L & H.109H — I
Dak Tran 6s... — 117
Oak Water Ss.103 —
Oceanic SS 68.107% —
Om C Ry 6s. ..125 —
Pac G Imp 4s. 101 V —
P & a Ry 6»..104VitC6
P&OHR 63.115 —
Powell-st R 6S.117V4 —
Sac L G&R BslO0H100%
S F & SJV 5a. 118 —
S R of Cal 6s. — —
S Pof A 6s.. . .111% —
S P ofC6s(1905)
(Series A)....107H —
Do (Series B)1084fc —
S P C 6s (1906)10914110
Do (1912) US 119
S P R 1st gntd — —
8 P B 6s 130 —
S V Water 6s.ll3 "*
Do 4s — 103H
Do 3d mtg.. — 10S
Stktn Gas 6s.. 100 —
WATER STOCKP.
Contra Costa.. 69H 71 Spring Valley. — 96
Mariii County. 51W —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent I, a- P Co « 4M, Pao I. Co 43H 44»i
Eqult G L Co. 2% 3% Sac El G&RCo 34>i 33
Mutuaj fc.! Co. — lu-u 5 F G & E.... 50% 41
O G L & H 43^4 43** San Francisco, a »H
Pac Gas Imp.. 61>4 — Stktn O A. E C — 1*
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 220% — /
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Oil Ltd. K«*4 70 First Xatfonl..? 1 * 800
Bank of Cal...4O5 408 Lon P & A. ...135 —
Cal S & D T..102 1C« Merchants' Ex 16 13
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1900 Sav &. L So... — II
Hum S & L.. — — .Bac Sav Bk.. — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 64 — I Union T Co...— —
8 F Sav U....613 — '
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — |O S I. 4 II.... — 45
Geary-st — — Presidio 17 —
Market-st 65 — I
POWDER STOCKS.
r-allforila I s0 I* 8 Vlgorlt J% 3M
Slant Con Co. 82»i 83H
SUUAK STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7H Kilauea S P C — 11%
Haw C & S Co — 88 Mukaw»li t> Co 43 ¦».»'*
H<-n^i(fii <* r- o . 90 — Onor"ea S Co. J7»i —
Elutch S P Co. 24 ' — Paauhau S Co. 80 SW»
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al P-»rk A*-n.l?«412S Pao A F A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Asn. 83 — Pac C Bor Co. 150 151H
• .. 4. 1"" Par Paint Co.. 12ft —
Dceanlc S Co.. — 93^
Morning Session.
Board — „
10 Hutchison S P Co ~ « TO
60 Pacific Gas Imp ..-.-• 61 Zo
$5W> Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 6s 100 .0
10 S F Gas & Elec Co 60 *5
$7000 S P of A bonds 112 00
40 Spring Valley Water »* 7a
Street—
£0 Giant Powder Con 82 .3
10 Hana Plantation Co " 12*4
K1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 105 00
$9000 Northern Ry of Cal Es 116 50
60 Paauhau S P Co 30 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 105 W
25 Makawell S Co 43 25
30 Pacific Gas Imp 81 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co sO .i
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 S7^
$1000 S P of A bonds 112 00
Street—
6 Giant Powder Con 83 75
$3000 Park & Cliff House 6s 105 00
$2000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mortg) 103 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
500 Four Oil Co « 4S
15 Kern River . 20 0>>
10>) San Joaquln Oil & Der. b 90 9 00
10O San Joaquln OH & Dev 8 M
100 Twenty-Eight 2 10
350 Twenty-Eitcht 2 05
100 West Shore 3 90
Street—
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co. ¦ 8 60
20 Kern River 20 00
100 Sterling O & D Co 2 95
• Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 El Dorado 3 23
60 El Dorado .' 2 20
100 Four Oil Co 43
10 Homestake 12 75
200 McKlttrlck Consolidated 60
10 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 8 50
300 Twenty-Eight, b 90 2 23
100 Yukon _. 60
Street—
EO Kern Oil X..... tO 00
The Sierra Nevada Mining Company had
levied an assessment of 15 cents and the Ma
zeppa Gold Mining Company one of 2 cents,
payable November 17.
The Makawell Sugar Company has declared
a dividend of 50 cents p* share, payable on
the 23d.
The Plumbago mine paid a dividend of $19,000
this month. This Is a California mine.
The Centennial Eureka Mining Company has
declared a dividend of 50 cents per share, a
reduction of 50 cents per share from the pre
vious dividend, payable October 20.
The La Fortuna Mining Company pays a
dividend of § cents per share this month,
amounting to J12.5C0.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota pays the regular dividend of 25 cents
and the usual extra dividend of 25 cents pe>
share, the two aggregating $1C5,WO. on the 25th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Local stocks and bonds' were Quiet at pre
vious prices.
Transactions on the Oil Exchange continued
satisfactory.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 4s
D*id. Futurps quiet; November. 4s 2&d; De
cember, 4s l%d; January, 3s lOTid.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 .red Western. 6s
4»£d; No. 1 California. 6s nS^d. Futures quiet;
December, Cs l'id; February, 6s 2d.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 17.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California. 69 5H@6s Cd; French coun
try markets, steady; weather in England,
warmer.
COTTON— Uplands, C 21-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 17.— Consols, 99; silver,
29 3-16d; French rentes, ?9f 92%c. Wheat car
goes on passage, steadier; cargoes Walla
Walla. 30s; English country market*, partly
6d cheaper.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 17.— WHEAT— Market more
active and prices half cent higher. Blue stem,
5Cc; club. :2c.
PORTLAND, Oct. 17.— In the local wheat
market there was not much doing to-day and
but few bids were in excess of 53c for Walla
Walla. As high as 6Cc and 61c Is still being:
paid bv millers for valley, but the demand is
not heavy.
Cleared— Ship W. J. Plerrle, Queenstown, with
140.753 bushels wheat; ship Osterbek, Queens
town. 92,103 bushels wheat.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 17. -Clearings, $474,
815; balances, $63,803.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— The cotton market
opened at an advance of 12 to 20 points, Liver
pool having advanced 7U.®10.64 on futures and
l-32d on spot prices. Prices after the open-
Ing call showed a reaction of 85T10 points under
selling by parties who were afraid of the large
receipts. The market for futures here closefi
steady at a net advance of 13@17 points.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— There was a sharp
break of £2 for tin In London, due to liquida
tion, and the local market was weak and de
cidedly lower In sympathy, closing weak at
$27 955T2S 23. Plglron warrants were easy In
tone, but notquotably lower on the basis of
V) 50@10. Northern No. 1 foundry, however,
was reduced to $16 and No. 2 to tUQlo. Cop
per continues to decline abroa-5. but the local
situation remains almost entirely nominal at
$16 75@17. Lead and spelter were dull at $t 37*4
and $4 10£M 15 respectively. The brokers' price
fcr lead was $4 and for copper $.16 S7&
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK Oct. 17.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes— Muscats.
$2©5 single crate; assorted. $1 15«>5 single crate:
Morocco, $1 40@3 single crate; Tokays, $3 40®
3 45 double crate and S3c@-$1 S5 single crate:
Cornichons. $3 20 ' double crate and $1 35(f?l 65
single crate: Tokay Clusters, $1 30@l 80: Em
perors, Jl I5<gl 60 single crates. Peaches—
Bllyeau's Late $1 05@l 10 box.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes— Tokays,
$2 95@3 05 double crate and $1 23<gl 65 single
crate. Pears— Glout Morceau, $1 35@1 50 box;
du Cornice. EOcS-Jl 50; d'Alencon, $1 35; Beurre
Clairgeau, ?l 35- Winter Nells, $1 2o@l 30; Mcar,
$1 20© 1 25.
California Fruit Sales.
U 95; mixed and butchers', $1 60® 4 95; good to
choice, heavy, $4 65S;4 90: rough, heavy, $4 50
Q4 60; light. $4®4 05; bulk of sales, *4 75<g4 83.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000; steady; choice and
feeding lambs, stronger; others steady. Good
to choice , wethers. $3 90<f 4 25; fair to choice,
mixed, $i 50@4; Western stieep. J3 90@4 20;
Texas sheep, $2 50@3 SO: native lambs. *4 Z5<tf
5 60; Western lambs, $4 60© 5 50.
..-•WASHINGTON.
Bran, ska ...... 6.0S1 1
Flour, qr sks.... 19,886*Bran. sks Z.lf
Oats, ctls 820 Shorts, ska 65
Potatoes, sks .. 2.517
OREGON.
FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17.
Flour, or sks.... 11.181 Shorts, sks " 25
Wheat, ctls 8.030 Leather, rolls .. 55
Barley, ctls 8.C00 Sugar, bbls 290
Dats, ctls ,. 1,530 Sugar, sks ] 400
Corn, ctls 130 Eggs, doz 10,350
Torn, East, ctls.. 6W Wine, gals 92.900
Rye. ctls 900 Brandy, gals .... 1,850
Butter, ctls 271 Raisins.' bxs .... 8 018
Cheese, ctls .... 98Lime," bbls 273
Beans, sks ...... 9,433 Hay, tons 1 246
Potatoes, sks 6,354 Hops, bales 227
Onions, sks 916 Wool, bales 730
Bran, sks 685 EMts. bdls 174
Middlings, sks... C8> Droom Corn, bdls 119
Receipts of Produce.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld Wei-*
Ilngton. T9; Seattle, J7; Bryant, $7: Coos Bay,
|5 E0; Wallsend. J9; Co-oj>eratlve Wallsend. 19;
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 23 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Cannel, $12
per ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $13 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to brand. '
SUGAJt — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, pet lb, In ICO-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.63c; Powdered, 6.25c; Candy.Gran
ulated. 6.25c; Dry Granulated, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.16c; Magnolia A, 6.75c: Extra C.
5.65c: Golden C. 5.55c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Us equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.90c; boxes, 7.15c per lb.
BAGS — Ban Quentln Bags, to 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, B%c; Wool Bags, 28H@S2%c; Fleece
Twine, 7Hc: Fruit Bags, 6H@6%c for white and
8^;®S\c for bleached jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%c for small. 5%35% for
medium and 5V^@5Vic for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 5<o&Vic; dressed Hogs, 7M:@SVie.
LAMB— 808>4c per lb.
Local packers are trying to buy Hogs cheap
er, and In view of the more liberal receipts are
confident that they will succeed. At present,
however, there Is no change.
BEEF— 6®6Hc for Steers and 5@5%c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; Fmall, 8^4@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7*4c: ewes, 6%@7o per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c; Northern, defective. 12@
14c: Middle County, free, 14316c: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12® 14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9©10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', Ilfll2c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', Sftllc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
@17c: Nevada. 130-18 per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6%@8o: do Lambs', 8
@9c: Middle County, 9(gllc per lb.
HOPS— ll®14c per lb.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4©4%c per lb; No.
2. 3^3^01 grease, 2@2Hc
HIDES AND SKIXS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, SS^c; medium, 8Hc; light, 8c: Cow
hides. 8c; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip, 8c: Salted
Veal. Sc; Salted Calf. 9c: Dry Hides, 15®15Hc;
culls, 12®13c; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 15@18c:
culls and brands, 12®13c; Sheepskins, Shear
llngB. 15@25o each; Ehort Wool. 30@40c each;
medium, &0@70c; long Wool, 75e@$l each: Horse
Hides, «alt, $2@2 25 for large, $1 75 for medium.
fl for small and 50c for colts; Hors« Hides,
dry, $1 60 for large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for
small and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins, 35c: fall or medium skins, 30c:
winter or thin skins, 17%@2Oc. Goatskins—
Prims Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, &0c;
CURED MEATS — Bacon. U%c per lb for
heavy, Uc for light medium. 13^4c for light.
He for extra light and 15Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured hams. 12c: Mess Beef,
$12 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $13 50; Family. $14;
extra Prime Pork. $16: extra clear. $19 50; Mess,
$17; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LAUD— Tierces quoted at 6^ic per lb for com
pound and 9Hc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9y«c: 10-lb tins. lOVic: 5-Ib tins. lOHc
COTTOLENK — One-half barrel, RHc: three
half barrels, 8V4c: one tierce, S%c; two tierces.
SWc; nve tierces, «Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HONEY-Comb. 13H®KV?c for bright and 12H
®13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7\fiSc; light amber, extracted, 7OTV4C; dark, 6
CCHc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24S28C per lb.
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10^12V4c per lb: Walnuts,
No. 1 softshell. lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell.
10c: No. 2. "Vic; Almonds, 15^16c for paper
shell. lli?i:<4c for sof tshell : Peanuts. &86e for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans,
ll«13c; Cocoanuts, $3 60"85. u
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, *$,c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10Hc per lb: choice. SHc: standard, *\c:
prime. Sc; unbleached Sultanas, Sc: Seedless,
BO-lb boxes. 6Hc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
2-crown, 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crewn. $1 DO per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
[rices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
FRUITS — Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
40-OOs, 7c; t0-60s, 5«ic; 6O-70s. 3*;c; 70-SOs. 3V4ci
$0-90s, 2%c; SO-lOOs, 2Vic; 100s and over, 2c: ru
bles, %c premium; Soncmas, He and San Joa
qulns %c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stnnd the same. Apricots, 6t&
S.- for Royals and lO^llUc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 4'4 1 95V4c: sun-dried. 2V4@4c;
I'eaches, 4Vs®5c for standard. 5V4<J?6c for cholca
and 7f?Sc for fancy; Pears. 2ijr7c; Plums, pitted,
oQS'ric; unpitted, 1©1Hc; Nectarines, 5@3Hc for
red and 5H!S6c for white.
Fruits continue dull and no activity Is ex
pected until after the election, at least.
Cantaloupes are lower and dull, and Nut
megs are slow of eale. 'Watermelons are be
ginning to disappear.
Table Groses stand about the same.
Plumb are hard to sell. Other tree fruits re
main about as before.
Cape Cod Cranberries are held higher.
Wine Grapes are lower, and are now chiefly
second crop.
DECIDUOUS FHUITS—
APPLES— 25(S60c per box for common and
6C®9Oc for good to choice: Spitzenbergs, 90c@$l.
PEARS — Winter Nellis, (>0c©U; Cooking
Peers. 25(S63c per box.
QUI>irES-2S<7?COe per box.
PERSIMMONS— 30S85c rer box.
FIGS — 30iff75c per ordinary box.
BLACKBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. %% 50«S8 78; Coos
Bay. $2'S2 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J3^4 DO rer chest for
large and $7@S for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— «@7o per lb.
RASPBERRIES— $566 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 3W&.S5C per small box and
{1 50ff2 per large box.
PLUMS— 235260c per box.
GRAPKP-lli'«c»t. 25«6S<- per box nnd crate;
black. 35<g«5c; Tokays. 253fi5c: Isabella, 75c@$l;
Cornlchon. 60@75c; Wine Grapes, $1S(@2O for
white, $20#22 for Mission and $.21023 per ton
for Zinfandel.
MELONS — Nutmegs. 25<g7Ec per case; Canta
loupes, 60c@$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $5@15
per 100. .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. S4t74 50;
Lemons, M>cfi$l 60 for common and $2'g3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50: Ba
nanas, $1@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50^J
3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New, u@UHc: old. 10c; Young
America, ll@12c; Eastern, 13H@l4c; Western,
10£12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 22K«??^ for store and 35®
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 20@23c
Storage goods— 22%@24c.
All classes of Butter are weak, and stocks
are bcslnning to accumulate.' Medium cream
eries and dairies are especially weak and hard
to work ofT.
Cheese is In moderate supply and firm.
Eggs continue to move upward, and stocks
are llclit. '
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 27%®23c: Sec
onds. 25(027c.
Dairy— Fancy, 25c; good to choice, 2214324c;
common, 20®22c.
Creamery tub— 20022^0 per lb.
Pickled roll— 19321c.
Firkin— 18@19c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry was In heavy supply and almost
every dealer had some left on hand. The feel
ing was weak. Another car of Eastern came
In, making eight for the week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14i£16c for Gobblers
ar.d 14®16c for Hens; old Turkeys, ll@12He;
Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings. $1500175:
Ducks, $3«?4 for old and S3 5<Vff4 SO for vour.jr:
Hers, $3 50<35; Young Roosters, J3 50@4 60; Old
Roosteis, $J5ii@4; Fryers, J3<&J 50; Broilers, $J
3 50 for large and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1@1 23 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for
Squabo.
GAME— Quail, 75c@11 25 for valley and $2 for
Mountain; Mallard, $4®>6; Canvasback. I6<a
8 for choice downto $3 for poor; Sprig. $2 bQ<Q
2 50; Teal. $2 50@3 50; Widgeon. J2©2 23; Small
Duck. $1 73; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1
<S1 2C; Brant, for small and for large;
English Snipe. $1; Jack Snipe. 75c@$l; Hare.
$1®1 25: Rabbits. $1 25#1 50 for cottontail and
$1 for brush; Doves, 50@66c per dozen.
Prices for Game stood about the earne.
Poultry and Game.
per box for No. 1 and 65c for No. 3; Garlic,
4@4V*c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $S@10 per ton.
Dr. Stephen Cleary (owner) with Felix M.ir
cuse (contractor and architect)— All work for
a 7-room frame building and stable on W lini
of Fourth avenue. 173 X of Clement street. 23
xliO: $2340.
Mary S. Wynne (owner) with William Hora*
meyer & Co. (contractors'*, architect Henry
Gellfuas— Excavation, brick, concrete, carpen
ter, mill and stair work, tinning, glazing, plas
tering and hardware for a two-story frarr.e
building with rough basement on X line of
Vnlon street. 1S7:6 E of Stelner. E 25 by N
137:6: J3330.
Builders' Contracts.
Eureka Loan Association to Helen A. H^ncr
etler, lot on* SW corner of Parker and Ells
worth streets. X 133 by W 12L53. portion of
block 1434. Berkeley property. Blake Tract.
maps 1 and .. belnir also a portion of Leonard
Tract, Berkeley; J10.
Frank and Lulza Sllva to ¦ O. F. Chalmers,
lot 4, block K>. on map of town of Nlles. filed
December 2. 1S38. Washington Township: t10.
j. E. Warren to Mary Roach (widow), lot 6.
block K. on amended map of Moss Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $100.
Anna H. Brustgruen to Eva K. Hendrlcks^n
lot on S corner of Xuttley avenue and Orion
street, SW 5J by SE 115, lots 45 and 4S. on
map of subdivisions of lots 56. 57. 63 and S3,
King-sland Tract. Erooklyn Township; $10.
Julia Wlesenhavern tr> Andrew Wagner, lot
on NE corner of Virginia and Grove streets. E
CO by X 1C0, being the W 50 feet of lots 13 and
14, block B, Eureka Homestead. Berkeley: Rft
J. H. Rourke to Catherine Re ur k<? lot on W
line of San Pablo avenue. 135:6 S from its in
tersection with line between lands formerly 'of
John D. Doyle and lands of Bradbury thenc<»
S 60 by W 2C0. portion cf plaf 42. Ra'ncho V
and D. Peralta. Oakland Tmvnshtp: girt.
Arthur L. Bolton to Bolton Company (cor
poration), all Interest In lot en N\V line of
Hopkins street, SC6:8 NX from point of Inter
section with E line of Albina avenue .VE 100
by NW ISO. lot 10 on map of Peralta Park
Berkeley; also property In other counties and
personal property; 119.
hireiL,M.H > l Mock A - Anspacher Tract.
Homestead Union. Eden To£nsw1T?v?
George W. Baddera to Stella B VmL »„?.
fl and 22 block 7. Allenrtnle Tra?C nu™cla^
deed. Brooklyn Township- Ji H HUKCiaim
Mary K. Field (widow) to" Robert aid wi,.
Hawxhurst (axecutors of the eitatp nf r» i
Hawxhurst). lot on SE corn'r^Ba? andt"n
llama streets. E BUV&. 3 lfli Wrmi-ii'
N 110 to besinninff. beir.,? a %>Xn of &$
45. on map of lands of Oakland Poirt plii-^rt
Ferry Landing. Oakland: Sift. *»»road
Alameda Cotinty.
de^TwiS. ? « a^l« V.) Atkins to Eliza Hay
fourth street. 7o E of Douglass. E 23 by S 30;
eam e e n ; a elft 1Iay<5 ' ?a to Ul ** Haydea (wife).
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Charlotte A.
Jones, lot on XV line of Ashbury street. 57:5 3
of Page, S 27:6 by XV S7:6; *10.
Emma It. and J. C. Hall (by Edwin Schwab,
commissioner) to Homeseekers' Loan Associa
tion, lot on X line of Washington street. 110:8
W of Walnut. W 27 by N 102:8<-<: $9500.
Homer S. Kins, Louis Landier. Frederick
Frey, J. j. Rauer, S. W. Laskey and J. J. Mc
uade. receiver (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner)
to same, let on N line of Twentieth street, SO
W of Hartford. W 25 by N S2:6; J3514.
Ueorge W. Amra, Judah Boas. Amelia A. and
i,™"" Finch and Aaron S. Cleveland (by
William M. Gardiner, commissioner) to same,
lot on XV line of Hartford street. 171 N of
Nineteenth. N X by XV 123: H3S7.
Joshua R. and Ames Roberta (by Wells
ti, .?• «i ol nnilMloner> to same, lot on W line of
V ffi- r>" rret| m x of Nineteenth. N 22 by
tJhl*K and °* or « (? M. Slyter (oy Edwin
of n» b ; f c °rami SR loner) to same, lot on XV 11ns
by- W tK°- r |vrV eet * m 8 of Ei*h"«nth, S zi
miswone^'t "' arT ? GleMon <*>* sam * com ~
«rp» "i ) c °. sa r. mi '' lot on w » n « ° f Hartford
'",'?; r 1^, 0 / Eighteenth. S 23 by XV 123; I30HO.
sirred £ aria °' Conn °r <*>? same eommis
sireet -U<» Q *?*£. lot on w » ln * of Hartford
Lu<k- M of Elzhteenth. 9 22 by W 125; 13000.
MvrtU> Jrm™i d . VVi :ilam Anderson (by F. S.
F-M^Klth . m ' sslonpr) t0 sam<> . on 3 line ;>f
S lM^lrco ' "S? W Cf s « nchez . 25 b >'
to Charles Schwarx. lot on SW corner of Jef
ferson and Baker streets, XV 137:6 by S 103:6;
$6250.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
i
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign, Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
" " Wednesday. November 10. 2 p. m_
j. D. SPR ECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St f reioht Office. 327 Market St
O A«CKIAM> AXI) SYDNEY.
c<3 AIAMEPA to New Zealand and Au«-
trilla Wednesday. October 31. 9 d. m.
SS AUSTRALIA to Tahiti.:
° Thursday/ November 1. S p. m.
«;S. "zEALANPJA (Honolulu only)
COMPAGSIS GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQCn.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
s'mi.. every Thursday, instead of
•Saturday from November 2. 1S99. at S**?*J*
fft am from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton Btreet. LA LORRAINE. Oct. 13; LA
RKJETAGNK <*t. 25; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
i i • AoriTAlNE Nov. 8. First class to Havre.
J-t.nrt unward. Second class to Havre. HJ 'Ji
Si anSirt GENERAL AGENCT FOR
i"viTFT> STATES and CANADA. K Broadway
mud-on bulUHMV New Tork. J. £. FUOAZt
* CO Pacific Coast Aeents. 5 Montgomery
avenue! San Francisco.
Kensington Oct. 24 Southwark Nov. 14
Noordland Oct. 31W e^ternland ...Nov. 21
Frlesland * or - *i KenslisRton Not. 23
For freight and r-assaire apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Pt Louis Oct. 24|St. Louis Nov. 1«
New Tork Oct. SllNew Tork Nov. 21
St. Paul Nov. TlSt. Paul Nov. 23
HIW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSD0S. PASI3.
AMERICAN LINE.
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fretcht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First. -^^
. XV. H. AVERT. General Ar?nt."
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at l'p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Xasrasaki and Shanshal. anft
connecting at HongkonR with steamers tor In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of •ailing 1 .
SS. AMERICA MARL'
Wednesday. October 17. 1*3
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. November 13. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday, December J. 13C0
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Snear-street Wharf at 13 A, M.
' r i n r $ 1 2 First Cf as3. Including Berth
TRnL $8 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA nails Oct. 15. 23. Nov. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. 20. 30
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte
Helena and all points In . the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. "WARD, General Arent.
C3O Market street.
GOODALU PEHKIXS & CO..
Superintendents.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
For ' further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rlffht to char-T«
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. On. Asents.
10 Market rt.. Pan Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
JCTs^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m .
l^^sSv c* 1 - 13> 1S - 23 - - 3 - Xov - -¦
C5Si^f5litfT"s. to company's ste;»m-
|3^K&\^ ers *¦'• Seattl-.
Kj&kSfiV Wa For Victoria. Vancouver (R.
fwaSII^Sfial c -*- Port Townoead. Seattle.
t^^KMrai Taccma. E-rerett. Anacortes
an<J N( * w 'Whatcom (Wash.) —
a. m., Oct. 13. 13. 23. 23.
Not. 2. and every fl?th day thereafter. Changs
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— I p. m., Oct.
IS. 20, 23, 30, Nov. 4. and every fifth day there-
after. ' .
For San IMeRO. stopping- only at Port Har-
ford (San Lais Obtspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Lna Ang-les)— 11 a.
m.. Oct. 12, 16, 20. 24. 23. Nov. L and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cavu-
ccs. Port Harford (San Luia Obispo). Oavlot*.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, Pan Pedro.
East S«n Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. Oct. 14. IS. 22. 28, 30. Not 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th cf each
month.
OCEAU TBAVEL.
Steamer "Montlcello." •-"
MOM.. Tues., Wed.. Thura. and Sat. at 9:«
a. m., 3.15, 3:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 P- rn, and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., %
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FACE ; Ste
FORU.S. NAVY-YARDandVALLEJO
BAY AND HITTER STEAMERS.
FromNo military parade or drill, except in
case of war, riot, invasion or Insurrection
is lawful on election day in New York.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— Archbishop Ire
land of St. Paul arrived on the Majestic
this evening from a long trip abroad.
Archbishop Ireland Returns.
Dresden is to have In 1303 a "city exhi
bition," at which all German towns of
over 23.000 inhabitant* axe to be repre
sented.
Seriously Injured.
C. H. Lick was treated at the Harbor
Hospital yesterday for an Injured spine
and numerous cuts and bruises. He was
assisting In* raising a car in the shoo
of the \V. L. Holman Company when it
toppled over on him. He may be perma
nently Injured.
Congressman Loud and D. E. McKinlay
will be the principal speakers. Horace
Davia. president of the Frfrty-first Dis
trict Republican Club, will preside. Music
will be furnished by the Rough Rider
quartrt. The meeting Is h^ld under th«
auspices of the State Central Committee.
The Republican rally at Franklin Hall.
1S29 Fillmcre street, to-night will be one of
the most important of the minor rallies
of the campaign. While it will be of
especial interest to voters of the Forty
first Assembly District and of the. vicinity
of Franklin Hall, it Is expected that many
will be present from, other sections of the
city. •
lay to Be Speakers To-Night.
Congressman Loud and D. E. McKin-
FRANKLIN HALL RALLY.
E. Black Ryan, tax attorney for the
Southern Pacific, has practically com
pleted his annual report of taxes to be
paid by the company on this year's State,
county and municipal levies. Between
now and the last Monday in November
$730,000 in taxes must be paid out by the
company. Of this amount $30,000 goes to
Alameda County, not including $20,240.
which is to be paid the city of Oakland
next week as Its share of the corpora
tion's big earnings.
The amount Is a trifle more than -was
paid into the Oakland treasury a year
ago. The three-quarters of a million
which the company must pay before De
cember 1 represents less than half what
it must pay before April. 1901. The
amount that will then be due will bring
the sum total of the Southern Pacific's
tax account up to about Jl.800,000.
It Costs Southern Pacific Some
thing to Exist. \
According to E.- Black Ryan's Report
TWO MILLION IN TAXES.
Last night the San Francisco corre
spondent of the New York World sent tho
following telegram to that paper: , ,
Bum worklns San Francisco, claims to have
contract with World to circumnavigate tho
.lobe on his nerve. Is he crook or Sunday
••su;>" Btar? STOVEH.
The following answer was received:
o; course he has no such contract. When
you find him, kick him. THE WORLD.
Saloons, business houses and residences
In San Francisco ar<5 being canvassed by
u. tramp claiming to have been engaged
by the New York World to tour the globo
at the expense of the credulous public.
The fellow claims that by the terms of
his agreement he started from New York
without a cent, and is to receive $4000 for
an account of his experiences it he suc
ceeds in getting back to the metropolis
with $500 In cash after having circled the
earth within six months. He exhibits a
contract to which Is affixed the signatures
of alleged representatives of the World.
In the past two weeks he Is believed to
have collected several hundred' dollars in
this city. Numbers of prominent men
have contributed 50 cents >to $5 each. The
fellow Is plausible and of good address
and succeeds In making numerous vtctims
believe his story. He wears a bicycle suit
and "sweater."
the Globe at the Public's
Expense.
Tramp "Who Is Engaged in Touring
GATHERING WEALTH BY
A CLEVER BUNKO GAME
A cablegram was. received at headquar
ters yesterday announcing the departure
from Manila of the transport Logan on
October 1G. She Jias on board 273 sick, 10
insane soldiers and 39 general prisoners.
On the three transports— Suerman, Meado
and Logan — now en route to this country
there are more than 1000 soldl^-s inva
lided home/Those of the men who are
able to travel will be discharged immedi
ately. • • ' v
The many friends of Major Girard of
the general hospital will be pleased to
know that in the future he will wear the
silver leaves of a lieutenant colonel. He
received his commission yesterday, the
death of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph
Wright having made the promotion pos
sible some few months In advance of the
time it was expected.
Lieutenant E. L. D. Breckinrldge. who
has been stationed at Alcatraz for some
time, has been ordered to rejoin his regi
ment, the Tenth Infantry at Santiago,
Cuba. Lieutenant Breckinrldge is the son
of Brigadier General Joseph C. Breckin
rldge, inspector general of the United
States army.
The transport Conemaugh will leave to
day for Manila. She will carry to the
islands 102 horses and 180 mules.
Three Vessels En Route to This Port
With More Than One Thousand
Invalids.
TRANSPORT LOGAN LEAVES 1
MANILA WITH MOEE SICK
Ex-Commissioner Tobln and ex-Chlef.3
Crowley and Lees sat with the Police
Commissioners Tuesday night at the reg
ular meeting of the board a«d after ad
journment accepted an invitation to In
spect the new prison and police headquar
ters at the Hall of Justice. Policeman
Frank Howard, charged with unofflcer
llke conduct, was granted a week's time
In which to plead, owing to the absence
of his attorney. The resignations of Po
licemen John J. McLaughlln and Charles
Peterson were accepted. The? Commis
sioners met as a pension board and grant
ed the application of Policeman Hugh
Dowd of the Harbor station to be placed
on tho pension list on account of dis
ability.
Police Commissioners Meet.
A meetlnc <*£ tn *» McKSnJey an<i Koose
velt ItenubHoan Club was held at 22$
Sadov artreet, Orr.nn View. la?t night.
The chairman. M. F. Taylor, appointed
the following executive committee: J.
J.«>Tvis. Fr*>d Hawthorne. Charles Oehrinp.
H. Alexander. J. Welch. B. Mic'iaels and
J. ii. Mann. BngeiM K. ' Loud for Con-
Rrcts and M. C. Slos? and Frank H. Ker
rigan for Superior Judges were given the
club's; indorsement.
Ocean View Rspublicens.
All commercial travelers who Intend to vote
for McKinley and prosperity should send their
name* and ad.ireeeen to Hon. Georire It. Lavery
17 rongroFS street, rhieago. and have their
name? enrolled with the Commercial Travelers'
I>-«prue of the United Plate* and receive from
mm Di-osrerlty literature, which will be sent
without exjiense.
In a IV-mocratlo paper of October, I noticed
a ftatfment lhat at leapt three out- of four
commercial - travelers would vote for Bryan.
I have peen ftlmllar statements In other Popo
crat papers, an? I wish to assert positively
tuch is not the rape. I have not only Inter
viewed thousands of my fellow traveler*, but
in r-'SiK-nw to a personal letter sent to several
hunvlred lmp*»rtant manufacturer* throughout
the country, aeklngr for a list of their commer
cial travelers giving their political complexion
(which was very largely responded to), I find
on makins a crncise digest of all Information
at h?n<l. that eight out of ten commercial
traveler*. Irrespective of former party affltlla
tiiri!>, will cast their ballots this year for Mc-
Ktr.lfj- and Roosevelt, which means Increased
prosperity at home, enlarg"-*! prestige abroad
and :>rote<-tlon not only to American Industries
but to American c!tiz»nfth!p In Its broadest
pentse. For every commercial traveler out of
employment on account of so-called trusts,
th«r« are nt least five npw men on the road
on account cf general prosperity.
The following statement, issued by W.
J. Worsen, member of the executive com
mittee of the Oepartment of Commercial
Travelers, Republican National Commit
tee, Is self-explanatory:
Commercial Travelers Favor Election
of McKinley and Roosevelt.
THEY DO NOT FAVOR BRYAN.
John Elliott, the happy groom, has for
more than twenty years past been promi
nently Identified with amateur athletics.
He is recognized as one of the best in
formed men in America on* track athlet
ics, having the records and the capabili
ties of all the athletes. In the country at
his tongue's end. On questions of form
and style his opinion is much sought for
by track athletes. Mr. Elliott is himself
an expert in handball, tennis, cycling,
swimming and other sports.
Officially,.- Mr. Elliott is the Pacific
Coast member of the board of governors
of the Amateur Athletic Union. Ho is a
member of the board of directors of the
Olympic Club and has been one of 'Wil
liam Greer Harrison's chief aids In -the
rehabilitation of that famous organiza
tion, v ' - .
Mr. Elliott Is a member of the well
known grocery firm of West, KIHott &
Gordon, which ¦ has a dozen branches
throughout the city.
After a honeymoon spent In Southern
California Mr. and Mrs. Elliott will oc
cupy their elegant new home at 2766 Cali
fornia street. *
The bride was attended by her sister,
Miss • Bertha. Gray. Johnson Elliott,
brother of the groom, was best man. The
bride was attired In a magnificent gown
of white peau de sojo trimmed with chif
fon and point lace. Miss Gray, the maid
of honor, wore a beautiful gown of pink
silk poplin trimmed with white passemen
terie and chiffon.
John Elliott and Miss, Maud J. Gray
were married last evening at 9 o'clock at
the residence of the bride's parents.' Mr.
and Mrs. "W. J. Gray, 2566 California
street. Rev. Dr. F. \V. Clampett. rector
of Trinity Church, performed the cere
mony, tha happy couple "standing In a
bower of white chrysanthemums, pink
roses and palms.
Amateur Athlete Married to
Miss Maud J. Gray by
Rev. Dr. Clampett.
cJOJicN ELLIOTT .NOW
J? JiJIPPY BENEDICT
The little girls were air taken into the
kitchen of tho schcol and their first les
son was on the art of making biscuits.
They enjoyed the instruction immensely,
andat the close of the lecture, when the
biscuits were baked, theyall sat down to
a substantial meal. They* alternated with
eaoh other in waiting- at the table, and
apropos to the occasion Mrs. Shepperd
gave them a knife and fork drill.
The first afternoon's work was a great
success, the only thing that in any way
marred the day's triumph being the leak-
Ing Of the boiler, wnich eroaned and
emitted steam suggestive of a ferry-boat
leaving the slip. There will be 'lectures
held regularly from now on every after
noon, and all children aro invited to at
tend. They will be instructed free In all
kinds of housework. .
ASCORK of enthusiastic and ex
pectant little girls gathered at 942
Harrison street the other after
noon to attend the Children's
Cooking School opened by Mrs.
Maryland S.; Bartlett Shepperd. At I
o'clock the little misses v,ho wish to mako
great reputation as mistresses of the cul
inary art began to assemble. The small
boys of the neighborhood wanted also to
be let In, but they were compromised with
by being told that they should have a
special entertainment for their benefit
later on in the month.
There Is now a unique condition at
tech*(i to the ambition ol th«* young Thec
pian. Mrs. Ford declares li»»r s"jn may
gratify hi? yearnings for dramatic glory
so long as h<:- may secure engagements
•with dramas cf the highly m<;ral tone,
surh as "Quo Vadis" and those of kin
dred teaching*. To emphasize* her wishes
Mrs. Ford constantly accompanies her
Fon on the r<".ad. and is now in San Fran
cisco. It is needless to add that young
Ford is ever en the alert for the an
nouncement of the birth «>f a new play
with a tendency toward the exploitation
of Chrirtian teaching.
(rraintjies at the cr>l)rgp theatricals", and
It «F*S thcro h<? acquired a taste for the
£tage. His appeal* to bli parents for per
mission to abandon the law for the stag**
fell on deaf ear?, until recently. It was
th« advent nf«the drama of a religious
tont- that finally gained the consent of
l^is mother after the death of the Rev.
Mr. Ford.
New Trial for Ames.
Judge Hunt handed down an opinion
yesterday granting a new trial of the
action Instituted by Worthlngton Ames
against the Southern Pacific Company.
Ames was ejected from the "Owl" train,
running between Oakland and Loa An
geles, and brought suit for damages. Tbo
jury found a verdict in favor of the de
fendant. This verdict, the court holds,
Is not warranted by the evidence.
MARCUS FORD. UNDER A
PUEEXSE TO ACT IN P.KLUJ
1OUK PLAYS ONLY.
J. Sacgusa of Walnut Grove swore to a
complaint in Judge Cabaniss* court yester
day for the arrest of K. Ito on a charge
of grand larceny. Ito is accused of steal
ing $32 from Sacgusa on October 15. H«
was arrested as he was about to board a
steamer for Japan. .
GuW Van Detten, bartender from Red
Bluff, charged with felony embezzlement
on complaint of Mrs. S. M. Cleghorn,
whom he had promised to marry, had his
preliminary examination before Judge
Conlan yesterday. He is accused of em
bezzling her watch and chain, valued at
$100. After hearing the evidence the Judge
reserved his decision till to-morrow.
Mrs. Nellie Wells, wife of Daniel Wells,
gripman. charged with threats against
life and battery by her sister, Miss Fannie
M. Sanborn, appeared before Judge Ca
baniss yesterday. Miss Sanborn told the
Judge that her sister had promised not to
molest or threaten her again and asked
that the cases be dismissed, which was
done. m . M
Dr. Charles R. Baker appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of
disturbing the peace. He was amusing
himself at an early hour yesterday morn
ing extinguishing the gas lamps at Sutler
and Polk streets, and PollceTnen M. Tler
ney and C. J. Blrdsall remonstrated with
him and offered to take him home, he
threatened to bring them before the Police
Commissioners and they arrested him.
He was penitent in court yesterday and
the Judee, after censuring him. Imposed a
tine of |5, with no alternative.
Nash Ferrer, the Btableman charged
with the murder of M. J. Sullivan, ap
peared in Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day. He was instructed and arralKTied
and the ense was continued till October 25.
The preliminary examination of Frank
Cole, alias Curley, charged with assault
to murder for shooting Thomas F. Fallon
at 422 Dupont street., was commenced be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday. Ma^le
"Williams and Blanche Williams both txs
tifled that Fallon had no weapon and
challenged Cole to a fair fight. Cole
pulled a revolver out of his pocket and
shot Fallon in the fbrehead. The two
women, who had been detained in' the
City Prison, were discharged from cus
tody and the case was continued for two
weeks.
less Lover, Before Judge Conlan.
Gus Van Detten,* the Bed Bluff Faith-
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COTJS.T.
ed)"." Miss Shevon. Murphy; recitation. "Loska."
Mlsa Mae Corbett; violin •olo, "Berceuse"
(Jocelyn Godard), Miss G. Muller. accompanist
Miss D. Merle, pupils Notre Dame; march
Honrroise de concert (Kowalskl). Mlsa M. Car
rick. E. Sresovlch. X>. Merle. G. O'Toole. .11.
Forbes. G. St. John, pupils Notre Dame.
Remarks by Chairman Cnartes A. Swelgert;
srrand quatnor concertant (Rossini). Misses
M. Carrick, D. Merle. E. SrwovJch. O. C/Toole.
pupils Notre Dame; barytone solo (selected).
James Maguire: recitation. "Grumble Town."
Miss T. Murphy, pupil Xotra Dame: Instru
mental solo (seleet-d). Miss M. Glorglanl. pupil
Notre Dame; mezzo soprano, "A Ros« la Heav
en" (Trotere), Mtss F. Conner; trombone §olo
(selected) Dr. Maude Noble; fancy dance.
Miss Ida Cronin. pupil Notre Dame: trio, vio
lin, cello, piano. "LUetoes Garden" (Schumann).
Miss G. Muller. E. Crow. E. Sreaovlch; Tocal
duo (selected), Messrs. David Manlloyd Jones,
8. J. Sandy: Rhapsodic Hongrolse (Liszt-Ben
del). Misses E. Sresovlch. M. CarTick; humor
ous selections. William Hynes; fancy dance,
etc.. Miss Victoria Orr: contralto solo (select-
Pretty Girls Sing for Charity.
A number of the young ladles of. Notre
Dame College gave a concert last night
In Golden Gate Hall In aid of the Gal
veston sufferers. The hall was crowded
to the doors and tho programme, though
composed of amateur talent, was well
selected. Miss F. Conner carried off the
honors of the evening In her vocal eelec
tlons and was repeatedly encored. Tho
programme was as follows:
Mrs. Shepperd Opens a
Cooking; School Down
on Harrison Street.
Instructs Many Little
. Enthusiastic Pupils
in Culinary Subjects
TWENTY YOUNG GIRLS STUDY THE ART
OF MAKING BISCUITS THAT ARE EDIBLE
SUNDAY morning next the First
Unitarian Church at Geary and
Franklin streets will be the scene
of a semi-centennial celebration
which will surpass anything of
the kind which has ever occurred in local
ecclesiastical circles.
It is fifty years since the First Unita
rian Church of this city was consecrated
at the corner of Stockton and Sacramen
to streets. This was the edifice which
afterward became famous through the
medium of Thomas Starr King, who was
its pastor from 1S60 to 1S-S4. The present
location of the sacred edifice Is at Geary
and Franklin streets, and It is one of the
The celebration will opon Sunday morn
ing with a special musical service and
many interesting addresses. The Rev.
George W. Stone will talk on "Denomina
tional Loyalty." There Is to be an ad
dress by the Rev. Horatio Stebbins, in
The present pastor Is the Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, late of Washington. D. C. Prior
to the Rev. Mr. Leavitfs pastorate the
Rev. Dr. Horatio Stebblns occupied the
pulpit for thirty-five consecutive years.
Under his tutelage the Channlng Auxil
iary, a literary society of the ladles of
the church, and which has always been
to the fore in promoting the many chari
ties connected with It, was Inaugurated.
city's most picturesque and imposing
church buildings.
On celebration day the church will be
beautifully decorated by the ladies of the
congregation and a special memorial pro
gramme will be printed.
which he will recount the church's
growth and Its early struggles. There
will also be addresses by Charles A. Mur
dock on "Social and Charitable Work of
the Unitarian Church," by Horace Davis
on "Fifty. Years of the Unitarian Church"
and John Perry Jr., the only surviving
member of the original board of trustees,
will probably speak of his experiences In
connection with the church* The Rev.
Bradford Leavitt will preach on "Living
Our Faith."
The congregation Intends having a his
tory of the church in California pub
flshed.
Woman's Synodical Society of Home Mis
sions in California was held in Calvary
Church. Powell and Geary streets, yester
day. The programme was longr and full
of interest to the members present.
At the morning session reports were
read recounting the year's work. Mrs.
D. W. Balch delivered an address of wel
come. In the afternoon a devotional serv
ice, led by Mrs. T. P. Burnham. was held,
followed by a conference on the best
means of forwarding mission -work In
California, , : „.
To-day the convention will meet at tho
Methodist church. Allston way and Fulton
street, Berkeley.
HOME MISSION SOCIETY
HOLDS ANNUAL MEETING
Interesting Papers Bead and Flans
Made for Future "Work in
Local Field.
The twentieth annual meeting: of th©
The Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals is hot on the trail of
George A. Rutz, a baker doing business at
834 Valencia street, who is alleged to have
starved six horses. Officer McCurrie of
the society visited pohce headquarters
yesterday and swore to a warrant for the
arrest of Rutz for his alleged cruelty.
On Tuesday night last Sergeant Shaw
and Officers Fllben and O'Connor visited
the stables where Rutz keeps his horses
and found the animals in a deplorable
condition. When hay was given the poor
brutes they whinnied their Joy and ate
as If they were famished. The officers
had to break into the stable to ascertain
the condition of the horses.
Secretary Holbrook of the society stat
ed yesterday that Rutz had been arrested
and convicted on former occasions.
B.TJTZ ALLEGED TO HAVE
STARVED HI3 HOESES
Humane Society Officer Swears Out
Warrant for Arrest of a
• Baker.
THE REV. BRADFORD LEAVITT. WHO WILL PREACH THE- SEMI-CENTENNIAL. SERMON. AND THE PICTU
RESQUE STRUCTURE IN WHICH THE CEREMONIES ATTENDANT ON THE CHURCH'S HALF CENTURY
WILL TAKE PLACE.
YOT'NO Marcus Ford, the classic
featured Vicinius of the Whitney-
Knowies "Quo Vadis" company
i;ow p'.aying at ihe Columbia
Theater, is the son of the late
Rev. F. F. Ford, a noted divine of M&dl-
E"Xi, Wis. The younc man Is a ppraduate
of Harvard, class of '95. and was destined
for a career at the bar. His name was a
tamiliar one on the "Hasty Pudding" pro-
Pastor's Son Who Can Only
Appear in Religious
Drama.
KEEPS PROMISE
TO HIS MOTHER
Fabbri's Theater offers a farce comedy
and an Offenbach operetta, with an olio
of songs and specialties for th© initial
week's entertainment.
• • •
Fischer's Concert-house has among Its
new names Warren Keene and Alice Hay
mond and the clever folks of last week'i
bill are still there.
• • •
The Congo family still holds star recep
tions at the Chutes and Zoo and a num
tx*r of gr>o<1 vaudeville attractions are also
offered. . *
Ely. Rauchle, the twin Hale sisters, Tom
Kawn and company, the hoop-rolling
wonder. Kverhart. Eddie Girard and Jes
sie Gardner and the Willis family are the
weeks entertainers at the Orpheum.
• • *
Lizzie B Raymond, Edgar Atchlson-
'•Man From Mexico" Doing Immense
Business, the Production Being
Most Clever.
The Tivoli's excellr-ni programme this
week is crowding the house to its utmost
capacity. Every seat was sold for the
week by Tuesday evening, and small won
der with the splendid entertainment of
fered—"Carmen," with Collamarlni. and
"The Jewess." with Harrnn Herthald and
: Eflip Stewart. "Carmen" will be the bill
! to-night and. to comply with an extraor
! dinary demand, will be also given four
! times" next week. Thes=e are also the fare
i well performances of Uerthald. who will
I leave at this week's «.nd for New York.
! where he is under contract to open with
: the G.-au people. Alternating with "Car
• men" next week will be Ponchlelli's
¦ tratric onpra. "La Gioconda," in which
i Nice Barhareschi, Otstellano, Ferrari,
j Graham. Politini and Nicolinl are cast.
* • •
The Fale of seats for the Hirschfeld
: symphony concert to be given at the
Tivoli Opera-house on Thursday next,
October 25. at 3 p. m., will open this
morning. The seat? are on sale at Sher
man & Clay's store. Kearny and Sutler
streets. The prices are 73 cents, ?1 and
$1 oO.
? ? •
"Quo Yadis" will remain the attraction
| at the Columbia Theater throughout this
| ar.<i next week. The scenic splendors of
; the play and clever incidental music have
I created much favorable comment.
Following "Quo VaUis" will come Stu
i art Kobson in the successful comedy,
i "Oliver Goldsmith," to becin October Zi. <
• » •
"A Hindoo Hoodoo" is amusing largo
! audiences this week at the California
I Theater. The last performance will bts
j given on Saturdav evening ami on Sun
' day afternoon William H. West's mln
! strip If. so favorably remembered here, will
i begin a week's engagement.
• * •
The rVvlval of "The Corsloan Brothers"
at the Alcazar Theater this week has
I created a .very favorable impression and
i is attracting good houses. It will be fol
! lowed rifxt week by 'he romantic drama,
"A Soldier of the Kmpire."
• • »
"The Man From Mexico" Is doine ex
cellent business at the Alhambra Theater.
! It is undoubtedly the best thing yet put
I on at the hie theater. "Brown's In
Town" will open a week's engagement
I after the present popular run on Sunday
'• aft. -moon. The company includes Maud
! Knowltun and Jessie Mae Wall.
FOUR MORE NIGHTS OF
"CARMEN" NEXT WEEK
MISS AGNES FARRELL. WHO
WILL PVRSI T E MUSICAL
STUDIES IN THE EAST.
John Stark comes from an illustrious
family. His grandparents were General
John and Motile Stark, whose names aro
famous through the heroism they dis
played at the battle of Benoington In the
war for American independence. The dif
ference between the ages of the grand
father and the grandson was Just ninety
nine years.
Engineer Stark served with the Cohen
railroad until Its sale and then with the
Central Pacific Railroad until Hay 1. 1S30.
when he retired permanently. His career
as an engineer is quite remarkable, ex
tending as It does over a period of forty
two years, commencing May 1, 13*8, when
he was first employed by the Northern
New Hampshire Railway.
rails the first overland train reached San
Francisco.
JOHN STARK. HERO OF HIS
TORICAL EVENT IN ALA
MEDA COUNTY.
ItlsThirtn-SixYears
Since He Ran the
Engine.
He Is a Descendant
of the Famous
Starks.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 17.— Thirty-six
years ago John Stark ran the first
railroad train through Alameda.
That was in 1S84, and John Stark
Is still alive to tell the story. Ho
Is no wretired from active service, but
he observed the anniversary* of the event
this year with a quiet little celebration
to remind him of the days when Alameda
had a railroad and Oakland did not.
The original railroad, by means of which
Engineer Stark was enabled to assist at
history-making, was owned and controlled
by the late A. A. Cohen, who acted aa
master of ceremonies on the Initial run.
there being a large number of distin
guished guests present. The way through
which the railroad ran was lined with
trees and several times the engineer
stopped the train and rescued his hat
from the grasp of a sharp-pointed branch.
The engine used on this tilal trip was
something of a phenomenon. ' It was a
little steam engine fitted Into the end of
a boxcar. It weighed about five tons and
with a cylinder 9x18. All the rolling stock
was used on the run. It consisted of two
passenger and two flat cars. These caw
were small and primitive, with a pair of
wheels under each end, like a wagon.
High street was the terminus of the
Cohen railroad until the following Feb
ruary, when, the rails being laid as far
as San Leandro, trains ran to that town.
In 1S65 the road was completed through
to Haywards. In 1S69 It was sold to tho
Central Pacific Railroad, becoming a part
of the great overland system. Over its
ENGINEER OF THE FIRST
TRAIN THROUGH ALAMEDA
John Stark Celebrates the Anniversaru of
an Important Event in His Existence.
BERKELEY. Oct. 17.-MIss Ag^es
Farrell, a High School graduate
and a popular society girl on this
side of the bay, will leave for
Boston the latter part of this
week to continue nor musical studios at
the New England Conservatory of Music.
As a pianist Miss Fnrroll has received
much praise, and it is to perfect herself
in her chosen profession that she goes
East.
Miss Farrell this evening gave a fare
well piano recital in the Unitarian
Cherch. She was assisted by Miss Euge
nia Loy. Bopnno. and Hugo Herzer, bary
tone The i>atronoss*-s were Mrs. Henry
Huttcrs Mrs. J. M. Drlscol, Mrs. Phebe
A. Hearst, Madame F. V. Paget, Miss
Anna Head. Mrs. F. H. Payne, Mrs. John
Garber. Mrs. J. F. Sim?, Mrs. John Finn,
Mrs. AJbln Putzker. Mrs. John Belden and
Mrs. Charles Hapgerty.
Mis? Parrel! is a niece of Judge Belden
of .San Jose and will be accompanied East
by her aunt. Mrs. Belden. She will re
main lit Boston two years.
The young lady pianist Is a graduate of
the Berkeley High School and a member
of the Alpha Sigma Sorority.
Miss Farrell, a Popular Berkeley Musician,
to Attend New England Conservatory
She Gives a Farewell
Recital in the Uni
tarian Church.
High School Graduate
and Alpha Sigma
Sororitu Member.
TALENTED YOUNG LADY
WILL STUDY IN BOSTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.
Stan 0 King's Chorcih Has Passed a Fmll Half Ceetairy
of Progress amid Prosperity.
UNITARIANS PREPARE FOR
SEMI-CENTENNIAL SUNDAY
9
c
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tl»» cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analagoua complaints o< Ul»
Or (tan j of Generation.
Price |I a bcttl*. For ula 67, drujjUU.
Igb3^ ™ iUtflLzu case of eczema
Price 25 cents. AUdrugglsts. or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
FOKD. 173 N. Spring St.. Loa Angeles. Cai.
"My husband was so delierhted -with
the benefit? I received that he has been
recommending Grape-N T uts to his cus-
tomers and has built up a verv larec
trade in the food. He sells them bv the
case to most of the leading physicians of
the county, who prescribe Grape-Nuts
very generally. There is some satisfac-
tion :n usinq a really scientifically pre-
™>red food." :'?':.
"My old attacks of sick stomach were
a little slower to yield, but bv continuing
the food that trouble has disappeared
entirely. I am to-day perfectly well, can
eat anything and everythine I wish
without paying the penalty that I used
to. We could not. and would not. keep
house without Grape-Nuts.
"I ha-I been greatly afflicted with sud-
den attacks of cramps, nausea, and vom-
iting.- Tried all sorts of remedies and
physicians, but obtained onlv temporary
relief. As soon as I beean to use the
new food the cramps disappeared and
have never reappeared.
"When I hr?t read of the remarkable
effects of Gra;>e-Xuts food I determined
to secure some," says Mrs. C. W. Ald-
ridge of Salisbury. Mo. "At that time
there was none kept in this town, but
n:y husband ordered some from a Chi-
cago traveler.
A DETERMINED WOMAN
Finally Found a Food That Cured
GRAP2-NUTS.
All druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets at 50 cents foV full-sized package, and
they are probably the safest and moet re-
liable cure for any form of catarrh.
He claims they are far superior to In-
halers, salves, lotions or powder, and ara
much more convenient and pleasant to
take and are so harmless that little chil-
dren take them with benefit, as they con-
tain no opiate, cocaine or any poisonous
drug. /
Mr. O«o. J. Casanova of Hotel Griffon.
West Ninth street. New York City,
writes: I have commenced usinr Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets and already they have
given me better results than any catarrh
cure I have ever tried.
A leading physician of Plttsburg advises
the use of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets In
preference to any other treatment for
catarrh of tho head, throat or stomach.
For several years tucalyptol. Guatacoi
and Hydrastin have been recognized as
standard remedies for catarrhal troubles,
but they have always been given separate-
ly and only very recently an Ingenious
cnemlst succeeded in combining them, to-
gether with other antiseptics. Into a pleas-
ant, effective tablet.
Druggists sell the remedy under tho
name of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets anil It
has met with remarkable success in the
cure of nasal catarrh, bronchial and
throat catarrh and in catarrh of the
stomach.
Mr. F. N. Benton, whose address Is care
of Clark House. Troy. N\ Y.. says: Wh&n
I run up against anything that Is good I
like to tell people of It. I have be«»n
troubled • with catarrh more or less for
some time. Last winter more than ever.
Tried several so-called cures, but did not
get any benefit from them. About six
weeks ago I bought a 50-cent box of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets and 1 am glad
to say that they have done wonders for
me and I do not hesitate to let all my
friends know that Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets are the right thing.
A New Catarrh Cure, Which Is Rap-
idly Coming to the Front
THE- RIGHT THING.
Her.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ES7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
500 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€38 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
Cl. r . Larkln street; open until 9;30 p. m.
1S41 Mission etreet; open until 19 p. m.
2261 Market Etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
J06 Eleventh etreet ; cpen until 9 p. m.
10S€ Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
Ncrthwert corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky etreets; cpen until 9 p. m.
CIIl'RCII SERVICKS.
IMPORTANT — Special meetinps in Pioneer
Hall. Fourth tt . near Market. Thursday. Fri-
day and Saturday. October IS to 20. at 10 a.
m" 2:30 and 7:45 p. m. : Sunday. October 21.
2:S0 and. 7:45 p. m. A variety of Scripture
pubjfx-ts discussed. Addresses. Bible reading.
Gospel preaching. etc. Undenominational.
Peat* free. Come. Bring your Bible.
3IEETIXG .NOTICES^ i
MISSION Charter No. 7?. R. A. Mj- •
Ftated mating THIS (THURSDAY) ~f%-
FVEXISO 7:30 o'clock. By order of lt^\
the H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Sec. • /^r >
CALIFORNIA Lodre No. 1. F. and A. M
M will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _J\_
KVENING. Octot*r IS. at 7:30 o'clock. jtJT
Pecond <iepr~e. Hy order of the Mas- ' ~^ »
tcr. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. HO. F. and A. m
M.-6pecia! weetSr.g THIS (THURS-^^
PAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec- j\X
. nd d-sree. Fellowcraf t liiisons cor- • >^
d;allv invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARKY. Secretary.
I,ORIC Lodge No. 21<>. F. and A. M^ •
Fj.eeisl meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING at '.:''¦ o'clock. Second <ie- f%J\
pjve. s<\1ouni:r.fr brethren are invited. / V i
By cnJerof the Mnf=ter.
J. R. (JOLDSMITH. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — Pursuant to
repoluti^n of the board or directors, a meet-
itifr of the Ftockhclders of The Sime Company
wi!l be held at the prine:pa' place of bueine«s
c.i raid company, viz., rooms 38-37 of the 8th
floor Mill* buiiding. Pan Francisco. Cal., en
ttTTDXESDAV. the *m day of October. 1900.
Et 1:30 o'clock p. m. The object of the meet-
ing is to diminish the capital stock to JI500.
or 12'*. cents per fhare. and to transact such
< ther bus inf-sF as may come before the meet-
!rg. ALBERT C. AIKEN. President.
Dated August 23. 1900.
ANNUAL MEETING— Regular annual meet-
ing cf ftorkholders cf the KILAUEA SUGAit
PLANTATION CO. will be held at the of-
fice of the company. No. 7^". Market Ft.. San
Frar.risco. California. on WEDNESDAY.
T*-.e 24th day of October, 1900. at 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board i
cf director? to F»>rve for the enyulnp year, I
tr.d the transaction of puch other bu*iae£S as !
ir.ay come before the meeting. Transfer boo*»
ciose on Saturday. October IS. at 1! o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALIi can borrow meney nn silks, oil paintinps !
and bupgies from COLLATERAL BANK. 15
Orar.t ave.. near Market ft.
AGE\TS WAXTED.
AGENTS— Do you want something tiim profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur- j
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott Mog. j
CANVASSERS wanted to sell an article used in j
every household. Apply at 13 Trinity St., I
room 7. I
TO hcndle Robinsons Thermal Bath Cabinet.
Paciflc Agents Supply Co.. 1^0 Treat are.
AOENTF— Lady or pentlemen: big commissions.
PROF. HAUSPLER'S Photo studio, 1418 Mkt.
AGENTS r,f abl'.ity and experience !n life lnsur- |
¦ r.c-e. Osl! »t room 101. 997 Market, cor Sixth. ;
ASPUALTLM ROOFIXG. '
J. PELTIER, aypnalt roofing, fldewalks: cellar
floors laid, repaired : ro^tnl. HSfi Mi?Fion ft.
—^^^^^^^^^^^^^^—^^— —^^^—^^^^^»»^^^^^* 1
ASTKOLOGV.
L>R. C. T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer: call
for free copy "The New Moon." 7C5 Market.
ilME. HICKKY— AstrcloffiFt; horoscopes. 50c; j
card readir.g and r-almiytry. "5c. 1933 Mission. I
ATTOHXEYS AT LAW. j
It. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market tt.. I
room CTT— Estates, damages. attachments. I
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charge?; money loaned en estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without suec£ss=: collections. G. W. :
HOWE, atty at law. $;.(• Market, cor. Stockton, j
I. EDW. JARRHTT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.; phone Red £2C2.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery, j
ADVICE free; no charge unless Fuccessful. W. |
¦VY. Davidson, SI7 Market St., opp. Mason.
L ?. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k»>t ft.: consultation free; no fees In advance' j
OATII CAIII.NBTS. '>
HOBINSON S5, 4-panel folding: door opens: firm I
and Fafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, act-. 4?6 EMU.
BCSUHSSS CII.V.NCES.
— CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent tZ&; good paying business.
A $15W salo<jn in wholesale and manufactur-
ing district: dctSns an Al paying business; mer-
cantile lumh; a sr>lendid offer. Call R. G. j
WILKE. 2CVs Kearny st.
LADY or gentleman with business ability to
buy interest In medicine business; experience
Dot necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»* j
Kt-arnj- gt. j
ATTENTION. RESTAUKAXT MEN! '
A.— 4JS90O; cafe with long lea.«e, close to Mar- ;
ket avid Powell f ts. ; surrounded by theaters, ]
cn'l doing a rushing buFines*; customers and ;
nrices first-class; private dining rooms, with !
"iadief' entrances; sickness compels owner to i
leave the city. Particulars R. G. WILKE. j
£6^ Kearny ft. j
A— JXiO; BUTCHER Bhop. with horse and cart, !
in best location of Western Addition; place :
e^lablitfced for years and doing: a first -class :
business; a splendid chance for any man. I
Call R. G. WILKE. 2€»* Kearny et. j
A— J4'iO; BUTCHER fhop on Valencia *t.; j
monthly receipts about J12Q0; selling 4 cattle i
jkt wet-k; lew rent; cood business. Call R. I
G. Vi'ILKE. 2G*j Kearny st.
HEfTAUKAXT and bakery In a prosperous ;
town near city: receipts large; good prices; ;
a liberal offer will be made to those meaning \
business: must be sold. Lane & Co., S£f> Mkt. i
KiTVPARTXER In old-established office busi- '
!:.-?*=. rlearing J73 to S1W> a month to each; no
experience required. LANE, &6S Market st. j
FOR sale— Hi!f or whole interest in a pood
money-maker; would prefer to hold half in- ;
tere*t: must s^ell; eome cash and balance can j
\*t paid out of the profits; $15(»i worth of stock ;
on hand; £<x>d for lady or gentleman; will <
ftand investigation. F. I. CO.. S»16 Market j
st., ronm W. j
A — COAL, wood. ha>' and errum ; fine paylns
business: K°od corner; cheap rent; 3 horses;
:¦ wugTO*. bsraenet, etc. ; everything first-
class ; must fell ; make offtf. Lane. S£> Mrkt.
• A— REST A UR ANT at US Fifth St.. doing good
'.ivsiness; the cause of rale sickness; good t
chance for man a ad wife.
14-ROOM houy; newly furnished; always /ull; j
EXis, bath. 746 Howard st.
S*ZD — CORNER grocery and bar; well situated; i
living rooms. Inquire 1363 Kolsom Ft.
WANTED— $600 or J1200 en paper route: worth
StfOO; will pay * or * per ctnt. Box 3C1S. Call.
GOOD business chance: d"ay saloon: rent cheap.
G. W. GRAMS. 200 Clay; wholesale district.
F<">U rent— Blacksmith ehop. and also wishes
to £*11 the tools. W4 Vallejo et.
IF you want to buy or se!l a grocery, branch
bakery, notion or stationer}- store, cigar store,
or any kind of business, call on us; we have
place? of all kinds for sale In any part of the
city. EMERY, 3 Eddy st., rooms 1 and 2.
flDOO for m. well 'paying grocery and saloon: all
cash trade; no bcok business; doing business
r.lyut $1090 a month; cheap rent and E yeara'
iease. Inquire Call office.
S2C0O— UQUOR store for sale; Investigation in-
vited; good reasons; twtns to suit purchaser;
no agents; an opportunity for two good men.
Address bcx 3ta, Call.
BRUSH stock for sale; the stock of T. C. Conk-
lin. C22 day et.. Is for sale: It can' be tn-
sixc.ted at above place; sale will be made In
a few days.
nESTAURAXT and bakery in a prosperous
town near city; receipts large; good price*:
a liberal effer will, be made to those meaning
bi'Fines*: mutt be sold. Lane & Co., K65 Mkt.
FOR eale— At once, eallors' boarding-house and
t^loon; doing good paying business and the
l>e«it part of the water front. * Clay st.
A PROFITABLE manufacturing business for
rale; email capital required. Call at 116 Sec-
und £t., third floor, rm. 1, and ln\-enlgate. .
FOR sale — Good-paying restaurant with living
room; suitable for couple; no agents; trial
¦^iven. CIS Sacramento nt- ¦¦
VALUABLE Canadian patent; iron; business
for life: absolute control; fortune to buyers.
I'.ox 3644. Call office.
FOR sale— Good laundry business; cheap. Ap-
rly P. O. box 3CJ, San Rafael.
FALOON for eale; opposite the ferry.. Apply
Hi East st.. north of Market; no agents.
r£R sale— Laundry route ' paying (SO ' per
JiOO. Box 4745, Can office.
BCSI^TESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
A— T7600; CLEAR city property to exchange for
mercrarklUe. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
A— LIVERY and boarding stable; best park lo-
cation; good chance. COWING & CO.. 719
Market st.
A BUTCHER Bhop; first-class location; good
prices; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A PLUMBING shop; fine location; snap for
good man. COWING & CO., 719 Market et.
A CORNER grocery and bar; big stock; all
fresh goods; sickness. Cowing & Co., 719 Mkt.
A— RESTAURANT In best part of city; must
be sold this day. COWING, 719 Market et.
A— HOTEL; best location; money maker; call
at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at.
A— CORNER saloon; good location; this Is a
bargain. COWING & CO., 719 Market at.
A— ROOMING house; north Market: fine loca-
tion; clears $75 month. COWING, 719 Market.
A— GROCERY store; fine location; receipts $150
day; positive bargain. Cowing & Co., 719 Mkt.
CIGAR store for sale reasonable: good locality.
Call at 28 Eddy st.
BUSINESS property; must sell in 10 days; any
price; very little cash required. 3508 Mission.
CAPITAL wanted— Bicycle tire that will not
nuncture. Address or call Thursday at tOSh%
Tell gt. r.
$450— SALOON with 3 living rooms; cause of
sale, other business. Apply at saloon, 154
Fifth at.
IN Oakland — Cigar, notion and periodical stand;
well established; best location; suitable for
man and wife. Box 2C37, Call office. Oakland.
BAKERS— Bakery for sale; bargain. »NW. cor- ;
ner Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts. ~? j
BLOCK cf American OH Company stock for
*e!e or exchange; cheap; make an offer.
FOWLER & CO., 1413 Call building.
A SNAP — Coffee and chop house; rheumatism
compels sale at once. 229 Eighth St.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar doing a good busi-
ness. Call or address 31 Cedar ave. ; no agents.
FOR sale, below cost, the Burgess Planing j
Mill; easy terms. M5 Brannan Bt.
FOR SALE— Grocery and bakery; corner store;
rent $15. 551 Natoma st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recei\-ed at Call branch office. 2200 Klllmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
65 ROOMS, corner, $4W0; 50 rooms $4000
96 rooms, corner, new furniture 6000
6a rooms: apartment house »-M>0
40-room hotel in the Mission $2500
2J rooms. Ellis st., near Hyde; bargain.
10 rooms; Ellis Ft.; bargain BOO
4 rooms. O'Farrell st 3oO
12 rooms. G>ary st 3°°
W1U loan you money at 1H to buy a house.
DAVIS & RIVES, room 69. 916 Market st.
9-ROOM flat: central; no reas'ble offer refused.
10 rooms; Turk Bt.; must eell to-day $a00
12 rooms; very convenient; to-day only 250
IB room*; OTarrell st; only 6-0
13, 43. 00, 64, 98 rooms. We have several select
boarding-houses for sale cheap. Call and get
a list. HAYES & WILSON. 838 Market eL
(The Elite). '
U ROOMS; rent $27; Income $75 .'.. $450
15 rooms; 1 floor; oak furniture; full 950
18 rooms; central; clears »S5 month WO
20 rooms; apartments: paying: no work.. 1500
60 rooms; clean: new: clear* 31M month.. 3000
30 rooms; r*nt $100; Income $22S month... 1700
209 more. Pleaee call. MONET TO LOAN.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., room 1.
19 ROOMS; look at the price; only 1350
17 rooms; worth $800; will sell for 650
69 rooms: 60 rooms rented steady; the great-
est money maker In the city: for bargains
don't forget the place. EMERY, 3 Eddy St.,
rooms 1 and 2. Phone Mint 1016.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
IS rooms; rent $50; north of Market $450
IS rooms; corner: rent $S0 CM
34 rooms; rent $35 only 500
23 rooms; paying house 900
83 rooms; corner; offices 3300
A— Z2-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
20-room house; first class 10o0
11-room house; $475: 6-room flat 325
20-room house; Eddy; rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices: genuine bargains; elzes
and location to suit; money loaned.
SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917 Market st.. bet.
Fifth and Sixth, phone 1911.
APARTMENT house — 18 rms.. well f urn. : gas
stoves; water free; always full. C22 G. G. ave.
10 ROOMS for sale: must eell at once; cause,
sickness. 7C2 Howard st.
NICELY furnished 13-room house: cheap rent;
easy termt. or cheap for cash.. 741 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year^
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL Uinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
eti. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nw .s. work & driving horse*. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed.,Frl.
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
513 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. Occidental
Hall. 305 Larkln St., 10c; sittings dally. 605
McAllister fit.; come, skeptics.
KARL EBERHARDT's test meeting to-night,
10c. 3250 Twenty-second St.. corner Bartlett:
readings dally. -_
MISS L. LLEWELLYN will hold a test circle
Thursday. October 18, at 343 Lisbon st., near
China ave.; 10c.
MME MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
"CONSULT WATSON," 1581 Market, nr. 12th;
"professional" palmist and medium; 26c, 50c
CIRCLE to-night ; convincing test 8 p. in. ; Mrs.
Maxwell; readings daily. 123S Howard at.
SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, at 1610
California st. ; J
PROF. GEE. medium— Startlinc tests; circles
every night, 10c; readings. 50c. $1. 14S tth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meytr. slt.dally; convlnc'g tests to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness m*Hi:m. life reader: sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAinVOYAXTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
'llasrnoses disease with life reading; ladles
50c, gent $1: palm & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
JUST returned, MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoy-
ant, card reader; mental questions answered;
ladles, 25c: gents, tCc. 34 Sixth et., room 6.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
€th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. in.
, MRS. E. SANDERS. 514 Taylor st...near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium:
i ladies' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Fri. 8; dr. 25c
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
| given in all affairs in 11/e; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller, gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 'Fulton st., near Larkln.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
¦ sittings daily. 448'j Jessie st.
! MRS. CAMERON, card reader, medium; 25c up.
f"23 Mission at.; don't forget number; ring bell.
j t .
I ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr., card reader;
i names given; 10 to 9. 3 Fulton St.. r. 29-30.
MRS, MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
MME. BAKER, card reader and palmist, room
15, third floor, 1429 Mission et. ; no sign.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlRt. palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241H- Market st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh: no sign.
SIRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. • 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING A>D CLEANING.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
J. B. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beaticr Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Eth Bt; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter sU;
teL Main 394.. CEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate avenue: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
. palnlets;ccn»ult'n free. Pr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. B27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO l,E'l\
A— COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms; yard. Key 623
Second st., near Mall Dock. ' ¦ . '• '
$10— COTTAGE 3 sunny rooms: yard: water.
134 Rose ave.. between Gough and Octavla.
DENTISTS.
AT^thTiELECTRCKDENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done palnlesely; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method;' 20 years ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, th« unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and 'bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c;
crowns. $3 60; plates, full set. $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lore. 24 Sixth Bt.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1013
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, EOc; gas given.
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentists at Standard
Dental Parlors, r. 54. Murphy bldg.. 1236 Mkt.
DR. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction 50c; plates $5 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST price* in S. F.; painless extraction,
BCc. New York Dentists, S69 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, £35 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital. Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 60; all
enimale treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills,
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate a\'.*
DRESSMAKERS AND SEANSTHESSES
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call & ex-
amine work; Bend for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Poet. overO'ConnorAMotfatt.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and MU-
Ilnery School; French system. 411 Van Nets.
EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; day
and evening:; Individual instruction, ¦ $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping.
Fhorthand. telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and is the best In S. F. ; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.-r- !
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
ehoithand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post *t.,
B. F.^-Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, clrll,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessione; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AN experienced lady vocalist of European ad-
vantages desi»e« to exchange lessons for room
In central location. Address box 3635, Call.
SPANISH classes day and evening, 305 Larkln
St.. cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week. $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO. ,
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
J23. TARR, expert accnt., 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best" teacher, best system. 202 Montgy.
ALL etudents but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
ENOIXEERINO, civil, elec., mining, mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day,, eve. ; est. 1864
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH. French, German, singing, piano, $2
mo.; hours, 2-4. 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MtTNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, EpanlEh. 137 Mont'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTIXOTON'S DAY - and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
FRBNCH.Spanish.etcProf.DeFillppe'sAcailemy
of Languages,220Post; estab. 1S71; ablest profs.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us. 305 Larktn St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar writing.
.etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment eon-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office:
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806V4 Stockton.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese, Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
.flce; all kinds held. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co. —Walters, cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1899. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 371.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nise help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. -411H OTarrell St.: tel. Eaet 426.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE^
A— WOMAN wishes work by the day; good
worker. Address or telephone MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook wants position in
hotel or restaurant. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady would like sit-"
nation us housekeeper; no objection to coun-
try; references. Address 1630 Tenth ave.. Sun-
set district, city.
REFINED, neat elderly woman wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper: capable taking care chil-
dren and doing the entire work; good refer-
ences given; wages small. Box 3691, Call.
GERMAN cook and helper want places to-
gether in hotel or boarding house: city or
country; can do any kind of cooking. 242
Natoma St., basement. .
ELDERLY woman wishes a place to do light
housework or care for children; city.- 230
Minna St., between Third and Fourth.
MAN and wife want positions to take charge
ot gentleman's country place; references If
required. Box 3C09. Call office.
LADY wants position as waitress in coffee par-
lor or cashier In restaurant: references given.
Address for 3 days L. R.. 326 Seventh St.
COMPETENT girl, good cook, wishes work In
nice family; wages ?25. Box S6O8. Cajl office.
BY a neat woman, family or young men's
mending at home or go out, or light work.
Call at 40 Eleventh st.
RESPECTABLE young person desires situa-
tion ; cook and downstairs work or upstairs
work and children; $25. 1640 Sacramento st.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engagements
in families at $1 25 per day. Box 3616. Call.
EXPERIENCED waitress awaits position. Ad-
dress box 3607. Call office. ¦
WANTED — By young girl, a position to do up-
stairs work or wait at table. 811 Geary st.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day, washing
or house cleaning. Call at 324 Linden ave.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
A NORTH German girl wishes situation | to
do general housework nn/1 cooking:: - Email
-washing; wages $25; references. Call- after-
' . noons 42S Tehama St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wUhes position as house-
! ' keeper in small family; city or country. 420V4
' Clementina St. ' . ' . ' .
POSITION as housekeeper by respectable wo-
man; no triflers. Box 3660, Call, office.
FIRST-CLASS cook, Swedlsn. wishes situation.
Address box 3635. Call office.
; EXPERIENCED waitress' wishes a place In a
restaurant. Call at 15 Minna Bt -
• WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night, $160 to $6
' week; convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
1 A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t. ¦ • . - . ¦ ; •
. CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
, Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
• * United States or Canada one year for IL
EMPLOYMENT WAKTED— MALE.
COOK wants work; , a good, careful, cook; or
would go as second cook. T. SMITH, 318
Minna st. , _ ' .
A GERMAN" grocery clerk and barkeeper
• wishes a situation; flrst-class references. W.
BOHLING. 417 Kearny st. ' -
COMPETENT man around private place to
take care of. horses, garden; handy with tools;
Is a yood. driver. Box 2727. Call.
ENGINEER and all-around handy man with
machinery wishes position; city reference.
Box 405, San Rafael. V—
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HABRIS,
15 Grant ave. ¦ ¦ ¦ -^ i
YOUNG man wants work on hay or grain
ranch; understands Eastern and California
farming; a first-class teamster. Box 3688, Call.
PRACTICAL nurse or valet wants position;
steady and strictly sober. 701 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
situation. Call box 3694, Call.
SOBER cook wants position in restaurant. Ap-
ply 237 Third Bt. ; . .
GARDENER, German, wishes situation; would
prefer to work in a nursery. 'Box 3687, Call.
GERMAN and wife wish positions on ranch or
private residence; man to do general work
around ranch, woman as cook; best of ref-
erences. Address box 3625, Call office.
YOUNG man with good habits and a" High
School education would like a position In some
business establishment. Box 3700, Call office.
COMPETENT double entry bookkeeper desires
position; city or country- Address box S621,
Call office.
SOBER American, thorough In all details,
wants situation In hotel or restaurant. Box
. 3622, Call office.
WANTED— A situation by a cook In hotel, res-
taurant or boarding-house. Call 62 Second st.,
room 14.
YOUNG man, slightly deaf, desires position as
choreman; city or country. Address J. C.
W., 916 Wood St.. West Oakland.
FRENCH cook* wishes situation in hotel or
coffee house. Address D. L., 275 Stevenson.
YOUNG man of good habits would like Job In
horseshoeing shop; several years' experience.
Address box S696. Call.
BAKER — Bread and cake baker wants position.
313 Leavenworth st.
SOBER married man wants position • as fore-
man of a ranch, stock, fruit or vineyard; had
experience handling big crew of men and gen-
eral work; best reference. Address box 3643,
Call office.
YOUNG man with business experience wishes
position of some kind; can correspond In Eng-
lish and German. Address box 3645, Call
office. Oakland. .-• .
A THOROUGH drygoods man, 26 years old.
speaking English, German. Spanish, is look-
ing for suitable position. Care of \V.
LOEWE, 620 L&guna st.
YOUNG man with some knowledge of watch-
making wishes to learn trade thoroughly.
Address box 3646, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Position in hotel, country, as porter
or pantryman by Swede, 35; smart and
handy. Box 3638, Call office. -
COOK wants place; hotel, restaurant, mining
camp; city or country. Box 3639, Call office.
BOY would like to learn baker's trade: has had
experience: German bakery preferred. Room
16. 14%Mlnna at.
2 JAPANESE good boys wish positions; one as
cook and other at table and housework. T.
ITO. 1010 Pine st.
CHINESE boy desires situation as plain cook
in private family; wages $5 week. GEE GEP,
809 Dupont st.
CHINESE desires situation as cook In private
family; wages $30 to $35. ONG LIP. 809
Dupont st^ ___^__
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. •
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
jUFted. N. Manaase. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FIXAKCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
eale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN:
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
100 HOUSES and FLATS TO. RENT.
1207% Dev'd'o: f. 6 r.$25 1>25 Dev'd'o: h. 8 r..$32
1609% Turk: f. 6 r... 17 368 Fell; h. 8 r 23
675 Geary; f. 4 r 9 817 Union; h. 10 r... J5
919 Vallejo; f. 4 r... 102511 Sac'to; h. 9 r... 60
Flats wanted. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FIVE sunny rooms and bath. 31% De Long
ave.. r.ear Waller at.
HAYES. SS7H— A flat. 8 rooms and bath and
yard; rent 18. ,
IF vou want to move get printed list flats to 1«».
from BALDWIN & HOWELL,. 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat; 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom, $11. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
REED. 26—3 cozy rooms: rent $10. Apply 1323
Washington St., near Jones. .
UPPER flat of 5 large rooms and bath; $10. 924
Shotwell Bt.
$20— UPPER flat 5 rooms: 611 Washington st..
between Kearny and Montgomery; key In
Etore below. : '
$7_4-ROOM fiats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions from $l,to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Oratit arc
FURNITURE FOR SALE y_^
4^ ROOMS~furnished"^n oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-
- ket St.; telephone South 637.
| FURNITURE WAKTED.
CHAS. LEV Y buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc 1135 Market St. : tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT," 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1303 Larkln; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
' furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
* HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
cTTr^^S*E^r^oTr?l»HONE~GiRAl5T^85
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, railroad eating house. $20; <
waitresses, different country hotels, $20: 4
chambermaids to wait, city and country. $20;
chambermaid to wait, springs, see party here;
laundress and assistant laundress, same ho-
tel. $25 and $20; 2 plain laundresses, coun-
try hotels, $25: strong Irish girl for cleaning.
Institution, $25; woman cook.' country hotel,
$35 to $40; waitress, same place, $20, fares
paid, see party here, 10 a. m. -
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Mother and daughter to cook for 16 college
. boys. $25 and $12; cook for section hands.
see party here; houseglrl for small family,
city, $15. good home; Italian housekeeper. In
fact all houseglrls, second girls, 'nursegirls
call and see our lists and If not suited regis-
ter with C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSERY governess, $25; two nurseglrls at $25
each; laundress. $25; second girl, $25; house-
glrl. Oakland, $25; boarding house cook, $30.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A WOMAN to cook for men, $25. MISS CUL-
. LEN. '225 Sutter St.
CROCK liRY salewoman wanted; must be «x-
peiiendd and' understand crockery and
kitchen ware. Inquire for Mr. Hudson, only
bet. 8 and 9 a. m. at Sterling Furniture Co.
GIRLS to press and fold shirts; also expe-
rlenced hands to finish after Ironing ma-
chines. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts^ "¦ '
OPERATORS on children's woolen dresses.
. waists and wrappers to work In factory. 723
Market St., * room 35.
CLOAK and dressmakers that are used to
' alterations wanted at KELLY & LIEBES'.
120 Kearny st. " ' - :
WANTED— One or two table waiters (girls)
at Home Dining-room, 27 Market St., sixth
floor; hours, 10 a.- m. to 3 p. >m.
WANTED— A good cook and general house-
keeper, k Apply between 10 and 11 a. ra. 1453
FranklinVst. : •....-.
YOUNG girl for general housework, good plain
cook, small wash, $20.' 1010 Dolores st., near
Twenty-third; call after 8 a. m. '
• GmTj t0 asslBt in bakery. 142 Second st. , ;.:¦."'
GIRLS to put on. buttons; paid while learning.
' Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st. .-...¦* ...-.-
WANTED— Woman to wash to-day.-v Cair early,
511 McAllister, st.
LITTLE girl for light housework, mind baby;
wages $7. -1723 'Devisadero st., near Sutter.
GIRL wanted for' general- housework; small
family. . Apply In the morning, 910 Devisadero.
GIRL for general housework; three In family;
wages $20. Apply 2613 Union st.
GIRL- to assist with housework; wages from
112 to $15. 1273 O'Farrell st. .
W ANTED— Girl | for general housework; small
family. Apply 2^34 Howard St. ':.*. . .'
A ' YOUNG girt for , light housework. Apply K
a. m, to 4:30 p. m., 1511 Baker at.
HELP \» ANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG girl to assist waiting at table; J4 :
week. 6S0 Fourth st.
WANTED— A girl for light housework; wages
$15. 2S08 Twenty-fourth »t. - .
WANTED— A girl for light housework. Apply
3003 Sixteenth st., near Mission. -¦
GIRL to assist in housework. 1235 Geary St.,
cor. Gough.~
GIRL to assist with housework In a family
of adults. 833 Guerrero at.
GOOD finisher on custom pants. 622 Clay St.,
room 38A.
FINISHERS on coats and apprentices; steady
work; good pay. 254 EJUs st.
BORROW, money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
'A LIMITED number of bright young girls will *
be taken for instruction in our white shirt
and overall departments: paid while learning.
Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and
Grove sts. . ¦
A LADY of | indomitable energy possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right party.
F. PERSOX, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— An experienced finisher on ladles'
tailoring. 624 Post st.
APPRENTICES and an errand girl In millinery
store, at »692 st.
EXPERIENCED sheepskin and driving glove
makers. F. G. Conklln & Co.. 413 Sacramento.
EXPERIENCED upholsterers at once. 473
Halght st. •
GIRL to do good cooking and general house-
work; good wages. 13S Twelfth st
WANTED— A woman to do plain sewing at
home. ' 110 Berry St., between 3d and 4th.
W A NTED — Girl to learn to run polisher.
Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap- •
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
A CITY firm desires a middle-aged woman of
strong personality to travel. Box 3619, Call.
NEAT girl to assist with housework; $10. Ap-
ply morning at 3332 Clay st.
YOUNG German girl to take care of children;
light housework. 1205% Turk st.
GIRLS wanted to shell walnuts. Apply 123
Clay st.. upstairs, between 8 and 10.
YOUNG lady to train for nurse. 1609 Jackson •
Bt.; between 7 and S p. m.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and. ventilators. 40
Geary st. :
GIRL or middle-aged woman to mind baby;
sleep home; wages $12. 819 Post st.
WANTED — Starch-work lroner. Standard
Laundry, 114 Hayes st. '¦
WANTED — Women and girls to work on Irult.
1731' Folsom at., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an** subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st. ;
A BRANCH office for.Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla at. ¦
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main ES4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT— 7 A. M.— TO-DAY
Carpenter for the mines $73
125 laborers, different places In city and coun-
try. $2 25. $2, $1 75 day. $35, $30. $26 and found ,
46 teamsters, sand scrapers, wagons, etc., $2
and $1 75 day, $35, $.30, $40, $26 and found
36 plow teamsters $35, $30, $26 and found
35 general ranch and orchard hands '¦
$26 and found
12 milkers and butter makers $30 and found
3 coachmen gardeners $30, $35 and found
6 choremen and boys.... $25, $20, $15, $10 and fd
8 farmers and wives $40 and found
6 drillers 16 lumber pliers .$60
Carriage painter % Harness maker
4 blacksmiths; blacksmith helper, country
shop. Also* hundreds of Jobs not advertised.
Come and see
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A^-HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
Baker for the mines $40» to S45 and found !
Cook for hospital $40 and found
26 cooks $50, $40, $35, $30 and found
18 waiters $35, $30, $25 and founitj
Markers for laundry
12 laundrymen, butchers, porters. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— WE SHIP TO-DAY and PAY YOUR FARE.
20 laborers, no experience required, for tne
mills, yards and woods of a large sawmill
caanpany, $26 to $40 and found, fare paid. I
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St. }
A-C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
50 teamsters, R. R. work. Nevada $2 00
60 laborers, R. R. work. Nevada $2 'JO
4 stonemasons, R. R. work $3 50
10 headersmen, R. R. - tunnel $2 50
Carpenter. R. R. work $3 W)
Stonemason foreman, R. R. work $4 50
Free fare Ship dally Free fare
5 Ingersoll drillers $3 a day
6 stablemen, city and country.. $23 to WO found
Driver for milk wagon, south.... J25 and found
Butter maker and milker $33 and found I
Farmer and wife. $40 !
Ranch blacksmith' $45 !
Blacksmith, country shop $40 !
2 R. R. section hands $1 60 a day
Cooks, waiters, porters, bell boys and bakers'
helpers, dishwashers, potwashers
C. R. HANSEN '& CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED ;
Farmer and -wife. Sonoma County, $40; Iron,
molder, $3 a day; man to frame timbers for
mine. $2 a day; steamboat cook, $40; second
cook, $35; young man as porter for furniture ;
house, $6 a week to commence. W. D. EWER
& CO.. £10 Clay st. {
A MAN to buy out a route; good-paying busl-
ness. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN' and wife, country, $40. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter Bt. ¦
ALL carpenters registered please call ; 20 good
carpenters; 20 cabinetmakers; 20 bench hands;
3 sticker hands; 2 sash and door men, at
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
et.. room 9; non-union mechanics please
register; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SALESMAN wanted to sell Heinz' 67 varieties
• to the retail grocery trade of Sacramento and
surrounding 1 country: must furnish guarantee
company bond for $1000; state age, experience
and salary expected. Address box 2692, Call.
WANTED— Young man as bookkeeper; must
be competent to take full charge of set of
books; state age, experience, salary expected
and reference. Address box 4739, Call offlca.
SALESMAN wanted to sell Heinz's 57 varieties
to retail grocery trade of Sacramento and
surrounding country: state age. experience
and salary expected. Box 3692. Call office.
WANTED— A young man to do clerical work
in wholesale house; age not to exceed 20;
references required; state wages expected.
Box 3606. Call office. •
60 CARPENTERS at steamer Verona at Folsom
No. 2; come prepared to work at 7 a. m. W.
A. BOOLE & SON.
ERRAND boy; must reside with parents. Ap-
ply between 8 and 8:30 a. m.. MARSH &
K1DD CO., 526 Market at.
WANTED— Experienced salesman for trimming
and" lace department. Address O. L., box
3693, Call office. • ¦
WANTED— A young man to help in grocery
and coal yard and drive delivery wagon. 4o8
Sixth at. • * »'
WANTED— A competent grocery clerk; must
come highly recommended. Address, stating
experience, tox 3689. Call office. - - ¦ - w
STEADY young man to work in bottlmg place,
who Is willing to work. 909 York St., near
¦ Twenty-first. N
WANTED — Man who can give lessons on the
violin in exchange for furnished room. Box
3615, Call office.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
BUTLER wanted; must have first-class refer-
ences. Apply between 11 and 12 a. m. to C.
or A. B. SPRECKELS, 327 Market at.
GOOD shoemaker wanted at 346 Tenth St..
GOOD tinsmith and boy wanted. BAUER
Lamp and Reflector Co., 629 Mission' st.
BOY to drive butcher cart: from Western Ad-
dition preferred. 1612 Post st. : : .
WANTED— Painter and paperhangers at 2906
Sixteenth st. ' . " - -
WANTED — A good bedmaker. Dewey House,
32 East st.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday evening, Sat-
urday and Sunday. 556 Fourth st.
WAITER and dishwasher' wanted , at Troy
Hotel. 506 Twentieth st.
C0ATMAKER and pants and ' vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS" dishwasher; wages $7 per
week. J. ;.W. SLADE. 413 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk; state wages,
age; with references. Box 3617, Call ¦ office.
WANTED— A flrs^rdass pants maker. 850 Mar-
ket st.. rooms 3 and 4. . ,-- ,~
WAITER wanted. 846 Valencia st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
556 Fourth st. '. ¦ ¦
YOUNG man , for porter: :Ge«man preferred.
1053 Market.st.. call bet. 10 and 11 a, m. V .
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm. 806 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg.: pen-
'. sion: vouchers executed, 25c; advice free. -
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
• price. 102 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
MEN wanted for the -United States Navy— Ma-
chinists, first class, age 21 to 35, pay per
month, $55; machinists, second class. a«e 21
to 35, pay per month. $40; electricians, third
class, age 21 to 33, pay per month $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age tl to 35, pay per
month. $25; seamen, age 21 to 35, pay per
. month. $24; ordinary seamen, age IS to SO.
pay per month, $19; landsmen, age 18 to Z>;
pay per month, $16: apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17. pay per month. $3. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dls-
auallfyinar ailments. Machinists must pass
i an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination in electricity, espe-
cially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination in seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the phys-
ical examination only. The term of enlist-
ment is for four years. Should a man re-en-
llst within a period of four months from the
date of honorable discharge he will receive a
bonus of four months' pay and an" addition
to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each re-enllst-
ment. , Rations, medicines and medical at-
tendance are furnished gratis In addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date- of retirement. It Is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
larse number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every opportunity
for advancement as soon as they are qualified
for the higher ratings. The early completion
of a number of fine ships for the navy will
make a large increase in the enlisted force
necessary, and this will cause a. correspond-
ing large increase In the number of petty offi-
cers, who will be advanced from the lower
ratings. Recruits who may be accepted will
be assigned to a U. S. war vessel: appren-
tices to the naval training station. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. Applications should be made at
the U. S. Naval Recruiting Rendezvous, cor-
ner of Market and East streets, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento st., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, wel>-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WE want 10 honest, industrious men to solicit
in city and country; experience not necessary;
we teach you the business; good contracts for
' sober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co., 300 Post st., cor. Stockton.
HEN' wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 2Zc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
J-CHAIR shop doing from $30 to $35 per week;
this in a bargain and must be sold at once.
Box 3697. Call office.
BARBER shop for sale; good chance for raar-
rled man. Call 1096 Valencia at.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutea at fr p. m. -
WANTED— Shoe treer on men's work. Went-
worth, Swltzer Shoe Co., 119 .Pln« st.
WANTED— Good coatmaker to work Inside;
steady work. 222 Kearny st.
WANTED — Sticker hand, furniture factory.
3071 Seventeenth gt.. near Folsom.
WANTED— Good barber: steady Job. 723 Fourth
St.. San Rafael: tel. Red 15.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
BARBERS— Fine 4-chair 15o shop for sale; fine
location; very cheap. At STOLZ'S, 636 Market.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, 'watches, seal-
gklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
COAT and vest makers wanted. ' Apply 11 a.
m.. CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 72i MUt.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY who understands stenography and office
work; give age. wages desired. Box 4721, Call.
STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 6S0
Market (basement) to 636 Market St., upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, %l per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. 9. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
LABORERS and drlllA-s wanted at 627 Four-
teenth St., near Guerrero.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms, 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
H E.MO R RHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1960. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
MUST be sold; a big bargain: almost new mod-
ern victoria with pair of fine black horses:
silver mounted harness and coachman's liv-
ery. Apply room 68. 1170 Market st.» corner
Taylor.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Anctloneera. "
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S Stables, 57 Minna st., be-
tween First and Second.
FEED Manhattan food: keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom. S. F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH, 1224— Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
rent $3? 50; water free; yard.
TO LET— 12-room residence.' heaters and all
¦ modern Improvements. 1114 O'Farrell st.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— Pointer dog: year old: white with brown
ears. Return to 1570 Fulton st. or telephone
Drumm 65; suitable reward.
LOST-Small gold watch; Initial J. V. S. Re-
turn to MRS. P. H. CORDES, Gilroy. and
receive reward.
LOST — Small yellow bitch; short hair, curled
. tall, long ears; named "Toss"'; liberal re-
ward. Return to 959 Mission st.
LOST— Between Alameda and S. F.. Masonic
emblem with owner's name. A. F. A. CLAS-
SEN. Return to 10 Clay St., S. F., or 1435
Park st., Alameda; reward.
LOST— McAllister St.. purse with $11 40 and a
gold baby pin with a turquoise setting: re-
ward $5. 3984 Nineteenth st.
LOST— Female fawn greyhound. Reward at
2430 San Bruno ave. __ ;:j: •__
LOST— Sunday morning, from 2209 Devisadero
Ft., near Clay, a pug puppy; answers to name
Cato; reward.
$100 000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
• sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLB HARRIS,
15 Grant ave. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The 'Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In tn»
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MASSAGE."
EMILY SEGSWORTH, assistant to Dr. A. B.
Willcox. scientific masseuse, room 40, St.
Ann's building; hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
„___-„ MEDICAL.
DR and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
"guaranteed at office: ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO'HERB home cure,
any one can use It; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francl9co for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. Moved 1018 Market
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' specialist:
guaranteed treatment. $5: private home before
and during confinement; hours. 9 to 5; Sun-
day, 10 to 2. Removed to 997 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist i 25 yrs.'
practice: home ¦ In confinement; treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tlon, cancer, catarrh, etc ; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice. free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramenti*st., corner Keanly.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist: practical physician for 37
years; always* successful. 323 Kearny St..
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
lst; home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation fi«ee: hours 10 to 8.
CERT, medical "rubb«T will attend clients at
residence by apptmt. PAULA, box 4779. CalL
DR. WISE, the ladles'. specialist. 111S Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOB . jA^*>; _
BOILERsTenglnes. 2d-hand jnachlnery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors. « n * wca / ie9 - 2°™&V?i
linoleum, new and second hand: we »£[«¦
have a large stock of saloon outfits on »»»«•
. 32 complete outfits on our floor, ready ma de.
we can shir> everything in "„ I 10 ?!!" ..
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission at..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOtl sale— One yacht named "Eclipse." 28 ft.
In length. 10 ft. beam, sloop rigged, large
cabin suitable for four persons: sails In good
order; together with anchors ana all fixtures
appertaining thereto: first-class boat for hunt-
ers ; one Sacramento River salmon boat, zo it-
long, together with mast and sails; one small
sIood painted blue and white; no cabin. Ap-
ply to or add. CLAUDE FOX. .Redwood City.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 623 and 630 Clay st.. near Kearny. has
Just started: storekeepers can be supplied
with all kinds of, brooms at the cheapest
rate«; orders by mall attended to.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and 15
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st.; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
PERFECTLY new. latest style'sealskin Jacket,
cost $240. for $115. at UNCLE HARRIS'.. 15
Grant ave.
A FINE 6\d violin, genuine Albert bow, worth
$400. for $100. at 32 Stockton st:
FINE suit. $10: dre** pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2-drUl
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
BEST maker, microscope; Van Emden; cost
. $150, for $40. Cal. Loan office. 32 Stockton.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 318 Mission st.
WILL rent full Ttress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 60. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stktn.
2 ALMOST new fur capes less than H original
cost. Ca\. Loan office. 32 Stockton st.
! SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN' SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers. lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and *d hand: movlns
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poet st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market «t.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— San Francisco Examiner for Not.,
1SS6; quote price. W. F. PURNELL, Sacra-
mento. Cal.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought:
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st. .
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 98* Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing:, brlc-
a-brac and booka. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other gcod security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-63 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MUP.PHY, 630 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R, McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private ptace to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
at.; tel. Main 1644. Branch W Third st.
A— J5C0.C0O ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and' col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE, U Montgomery.
1'OST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches^ jewelry. W. J. HESTHAU 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 905.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: -no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
"WHY pay rent? W# loan money to build with:
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDINO
COMPANY, 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianoa; 3 per
cent; no removal; no commi3'n. 6 Eddy, r. 81.
TO salaried people without security: all bust-
ness confidential. Toualey Co.. 321 Parrott big.
MONEY, to loan on furniture hy private party;
low rate. 317 Market St.. room t.
VOVET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor tt.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 60» Examiner building.^
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelaa big.
~~ MUSICAL IXSTRU3IENTS.
Xl^iL^urchasers^of pianoa at Byron Mauzy' 9
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the cdlebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauiy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished.- full toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for live years, for
$330 $6 cash and $* per month. This Is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar scent. BYRON MAUZY. Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell--
man and Hamilton Pianoa. 303. 310. 312 Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $6 per month;
some good pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth sts.. Oakland. -^ <
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains in all standard makes from $*)
tO A^nts for the Peerless Heine. Hallett &
' Davis. Boston's oldest and most famous piano,
also Behr Bros, and 10 other makes.
Pianos rented; rent allowed on purchase,
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Ceary st.
DECKER & SON pianoa are first class.
Agency. MAUVAIS-. 769 Market st.
m'Y the best— Decker & Son pianos, estab-
B lished in Mat MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. agents.
769 Market st.
WE sell beautiful Arlington pianoa for $300. on
easy installments to suit your convenience.
MAUVAIS-. 769 Market «t.
A GOOD piano In good condition $73
A fine Hallett * Davj'- J*J
Fischer splendid condition SZ?
1 Shaw 2 Curtaz. 3 Sterling, slightly used,
at sacrifice prices: easy payments. BENJ.
r-r-RTAZ ; & SON. everything In the music
line? 16 O-FarreU St.; Chlckertng agency.
a Tjcrvr t-tFLY the oldest and largest hous«
weft of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26
m and 30 OTarrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
1-tot TV strings: never wet; best In the world;
making "nd repairing of all klnd.^of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
Mir-H.fJRADE rianos: Steck. Hardman, Con-
"gffjghers. _W. B- ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
CHICKERING upright (Interior good as new).
$195. 217 Geary st.
a SPECIAL piano sale this week; fine piano,
$100. DEWING'S. 12 Flood building.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new. and
other great bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post St.
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright: must be sold la 5
days; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count Of sickness. 907 McAllister st.
BE In the swim; rent a new piano for $3 per
month.- SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A cleaning out of pianoa for storage: dirt cheap;
installments. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rlzhts at your own price. Shonlnjer agency.The Original Little Louisiana Company of
San Franc'uco, Drawing October
K 13. 1900.
No. 2978 wins $7500, sold ln San Francisco-
No. 2941 wins $2000, sold In San Francisco; No'
13311 wins f 1000. sold in San Francisco; No.
75044 wins f 500, sold in San Francisco and Oak
land; No?. 63244 and 94614 each wins $250. sold in
San Francisco; Nos. . 1S657, 30464. 60S(3O, 65765
69045 each wins $100, sold In San Francisco and
San Diego.
HOTEL AERIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
Mrs M L Ferpuson, Cal
A M Baber. Dawson
Mrs H Johnson &>dau,
Cal
F P Andrews, R Bluff
L W Millsaps, Yolo
W F Lenzer, S Jose
H E DiKCles. Cal
L E Cross, Stockton
A H Jackson, Cal
A W Keck. Kan City
M Saxman & w, Pa
T J Twohii & w, ur
3 A Mountcai«:ie, N M
H Cohn, Los Ang
E J Klomlnsr, Pomona
O G Wiehon, Vlsalia
E W Claic>, N Mexico
A C Presley, Cal
W II Sherrod. Ptlaud
W Smith. Portland
M B Wiliiams, n Y
U* F Barnes, Los Ang
E If canborne. Portia
5 F l'eres«>y, Baltimor
C H Selby, Los Ans
G W Maxwell & w, Cal
J Aronsgn, Brooklyn
A l J Cch!!], Wasnton
B F Gould i, son, O.I
V Zannetta, S Jua:.
P Mv.3to & w, Stktn
R B King, Stockton
3 Gllman, Gvnn
fa R Rider & w, Sacto
Miss K Perrin, Stktn
ID B Kelly, N Y
Isa Jones, England
J F Krog. Iowa
\V J Wilson Sr, Cal
Mrs W J Wilson. Cat
r Dick, Cal
Miss B Knox, Eacto
F Phillips & w, Chpo
Miss Ph.U'.os, ChKo
W T Bany, Salinas
Mrs A E Urailon. Cal
Mrs \V F illller. SactD
Miss A Miller. Sacto
Miss M Miller, Sacto
D R Evinzer. ganger
-Mrs L Mills, Sanser
I V Clark, San Carlos
£» A Snitzer, San Jose
VV W Wainwrijhl, Ind
M M Harris, Los Anjf
A H Ban^s, Gold Run
Mrs P Nickels. N* P a
Mrs H E Johanatn, Cal
¦I C Donaldson, Detroit
O Y Woodward, Cal
R T Heath, Cal
K B Tyler. Tulare
G W Mattenson, Stktn
J W Tairrart. S -Barb
C U Deuc'ilir, Chfco
L P Cooler & w, Cal
1'ALACE HOTEL.
B Hobart. St Louis
0 Peck. Cal
Mrs E E Boswell, Cal
M J Byrd. Baltimore
3 A Kilmer, N Y
B Benrneld & w, N Y
W E de Groot. 1.* Ant?
W G KIrckhoff. Ls An
J II Conrad. Montana
M L Purvin, Chicago
Mrs M Smith, Los Ang
Mrs A M Allen, Ls An
Mrs A O Norton, Bostn
Miss Norton, Boston
I) P Yeakel. N Y
J Glrdwood. N Y
1 B Walker, N Y
Miss M Grimes, X Y
M Hanse, N Y
W H Fisk. N Y ,
C F Peckham. N Y
L A Clark & w. Pa
J Singleton. Los Ang
F M Coulter. Los Ang
J A Gray. Lo 8 Ang
J K Phillips. Stockton
E \\ Roberts & w. Cal
R L Maclay. Portland
G \\ Bisba, Auburn *
II V Ellis. Hanford
G B Hubbard, Syracus
L Dargln, New York
T S McKlnney & w.Cal
L W ell. New York
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Montan, Chicago
J B Woodard, Chicago
a E Haln & fm. Mich
C H Haltrun. w & d,
Fresno
C F Llngrulsh, -Shasta
W B Lenn, Iowa
E B Prlnfrle. Iowa
II P Stnxler, Portland
J Johnson. Napa
J Bier, San Jose
P H Newberry. S Josa
C G Allen, Newman
J A Parker, Boston
iU 9 Acton, Petaluma
iH Lansrell, Ashland
Mrs C Denton. Ctnn
J i v Ehle Stockton
!J E Hall, Santa Rosa
G Watson, B C
H Terkey, B C
|C C Mitchell, Clevelnd
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.
11
"L
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubtcrJptions has been established at 10S6
Vaiend* st, . . .'-:;.,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYB....»:15 a. m.; J:45 and 4:00 p m
SUNDAYS. 8:00. 10:00. 11:20 and 1:15 p. m
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
»1 40. .--¦-••
NEW.TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
Ticket Offices, 631 Market st, Sauaailto Ferry.'
HhNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
. <6nccessor to Flannagan & Gallagher^
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMKALMER3.
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
9 a. m. train ls the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at < p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corrcscondlnj
train arrives 11:€« a. m. dally.
$:09 p. m. ls Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Flseplag Cars for' both cities. Correspond*
In* tr^tn arrives at » a. m. dally.
OFFICER— M Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
Ean Francl-*e3: HI* Broadw«T. Osklan.-*. 9
Lvt. San Francisco. 9:C0 a m 4:10 p m{ t:0O p tx
An. etocktoa 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:C5 p n»
" Merced ........ 8:42 p m — — — — 1:1S «. na
" Frtsno 4:20 pm 1:05 a a
•* Vlsalia 1:00 p m «:» a nn
" Tulare 8:22 p m »:loao
" Hanford S:S3 p m 7:04 am
•* Baker»fleld ... 850pm 7:30am
" D*nver 10:OU a m -¦ ¦ ' ¦
" Kansas City... 8:15 p m
" Chlcaso 7:40 am
I.ARKIN, S^'4 — Laree sunny back bedroom and
kitchen, furnished complete for housekeep-
ing, $19.
JOHNSON IIou«e. 12?3 Folsom St., cor. Ninth-
Large raasjr housekeeping rooms; also single;
adults.
MARKET, near Fifth— 2 rooms, furnished. fold-
Ing be': «as; fl'j; part. 242 Kearny st.
MARKKT. :<S£. opposite Tenth— Large sunny
front alcove suite, furnished, ?!0; no, children.
OAK. y^— 3 sunny rooms furnished for heavy
houf«-k«>ping; 3 bods: yard; tit.
OAK. IS— 2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rf-otr.f; gas: bath.
OCTAVIA. 1102. corner Geary— Large sunny
bay-window. $!O; with kitchen complete. $13.
SOUTH I'AHK, 177—6 or 7 furnished rooms for
hou*" 1 keeping: vpry convenient.
Ji— FOfR unfurnished bcusekeeplnsr room*;
no children. 124R .Sunjaa Ft., near 17th.
CLAtf?IFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Killmore st.
Santa Fe
Trains—^ny
L«*t* Markft-atreet Ferry Depot.
ELLIS. €21— Newly furnlshsr-d front suite of 3
rooms; hou*ck«>ping ; i^S; also one. $10.
FILL1IORE, TUB. nr. Clay— 5 nice sunny fur-
nl?he-d rooms; bath, piano; housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 634— Sur.ny front bay-window room
and l:itchen; mod'-ra conveniences; private;
$3 -rs-e*k.
ROOMS TOR HOI SKKEEPIXG.
AUSTIN ave.. 105. oft* Polk— Large furnished
aivi unfurr.ithf-fi rooms; housekeeping.
OAKLAND FL'RXITL'HE FOR SALG.
AN lr.trtxSucticn to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture <!»>a!er. 11th and Fr3nklin. Oakland.
NOTICE— Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization — Control-
ler's Department, State of California, Sac-
ramento, October 9. 1?00.— In accordance with
the provisions of Section 3CC8 of the Political
, Code, notice is hereby piven that I have re-
ceived from the Ftate Board 'of Equalization
the "Duplicate Record of Assessments cf
I Hallways" and the "Duplicate Record of Ap-
i pcrtlonment cf Hallway Arseefments," con-
! taininc the assercment? upon the property of
each cf the following named associations or
corporations, as fixed by said State Board of
Equalization for the year 1S0O, to-wlt:
! Cpr.tral Pacific Railroad Company, South
j Pacific Coast Railroad Company, Southern Pa-
< ciflc Railroad Company, Southern California
j Motor Road Company, Carson and Colorado
'•Kailrcad Company, California Northwestern
! Railway Company Hei-sees San Francisco and
j North Pacific Railroad). Santa Fe Pacific Rall-
j road Ccmpar.y. Pan Francisco and San Joaquln
I Valley Railway Company, Southern California
! Railway Company. North Pacific Coast Rall-
| road Company. Taclfic Coast Railway Com-
j pany, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Rall-
I road Company, Nevada County Narrow-
j Gauge Railroad Company. Xevada-Callfomia-
Oregon Railway Company. Alameda and San
; Joaquln Railroad Company. .Sierra Railway
Company of California, Randsburg Railway
Company. GualaJa River Railroad Company
I Sierra Valleys Railway Company, California
j and Nevada Railroad Company. San Francisco
1 and Pan Mateo <F.lectrlc) Railroad Company
and Pullman's Pa'.pct Car Company
The Ftate and county taxes on all personal
property, and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable, and will be delinquent on the las'
Monday In November next at I o'clock p m *
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent wiu be'rulded
to the amount thereof, and unless so oald on
or before the last Monday In April next, at 6
o'clock p. in., an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thefeof.
The lemainir.g one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the first Mon-
day ln January next, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday ln April next, at 6 o'clock
p. m.. and unless paid to the State Treasurer,
at the Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLG AJ*. Controller.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOL'SBS TO LET.
LEGAlJ ADVEIITISEME.\TS.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84 (25c per
share) cf the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, No. £27 Market St., on and after
Saturday, October 20, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. October 13, 1900 at 12
o'clock m. K. H. SHELDON.. Secretary.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house cf 8 large
roorrs and bath; sanitary plumbing; lot JOr
100: central location. Apply tZ"i ISth st.. Oakld.
EIG SACRIFICE.
Nearly new heme of 7 rooms, bath, conserva-
tory and perches; fine large lot: near cars
end trains; fruit trees, garden and bam: $27b0
cash: cost me J4C*). Address Owner. P. O.
OFFICE of Fireman's Fund Insurance Com-
pany. San Francisco. Oct. 15, 1900— At a reg-
ular meetins of the board of directors of
this comoany, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after Oct. 17, 1900.
LOUIS WEINMANN, Secretary.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Conimencicg iv. 1300.
rROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:io. *9:13. 11:00 a. m.. 1:45,
5:15. 4:C0. 5:15. »6:I5. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley *nd Saa
Kafael. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. in.
SUNDAYS- *S:CO, '10:00. »U:S» a. m.. U:15»
3:15. M:45. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:23. •«:£>. 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12-30. 1:45, *3:3O. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. *$:C0. »10:00. *U:43 a. m..
1:40. *3:15. 4:45. *«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 8:43. 7:53, 9:30 a. m.,
12-33. 2:10. 3:30. 4:J4. 5:20 p. m.
tXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7fl0 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:03. 2:13. J:3t>.
B:CO. C:45 P. m.
THROUGH TWAINS.
6:f5 a. m. week daya— Cazadera and way st*«
t!cns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tcmales and way sta-
tlcn*.
8:00 a. in. Sundays — Tomalea and way sta-
tions.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J300 CASH, 17 0" monthly-Three-room cottage;
new barn: rhirken hou?»: Fhed; fine well of
¦water; 3 large lots; picket fence; assorted
fruit tree* end shrubbery; near electric car
lilies; model tcbtSolhouse. town hall, 90-foot
boulevard: rituate in Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland; price \n all $775. Call or send
for circular, 451 S<>vrnth ft.. Oakland- car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner
DIVIDEND .\OT1CES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 110 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market st.. on and after Thurs-
day. November 1. 19<W. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26, 19<K>, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
S LOT M A C ! 1 1 X ES .
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
display; very cheap. 927 Market, room 220.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
at 221 Ninth st
ALAMEDA ROOMS A\D BOARD.
FIRST-CLASS board and suite! cFToomsTTor
rr.an and wife; private family ia Alaxneda-
Arp'.v box 44C7. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
WILSON EROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
storage: Axn warehouses.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1W; Fhippir.fr at cut rates.
A r "fTRATE personal knowledge — earh of the
¦000 ranches nn my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other airents ln this citr.
N. D. PICKKLS. th» land agent, 6 Geary gt
FINE Investment: 2-story building ln center of
business portion of prosperous mining town;
always renrM; suitable for any business. Ad-
dress box 2770, Call office.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 14:. Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. foM and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1S15 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
SEWIN'G MACHIXES AND SlTPLIES.
REAL ESTATE COU.VTUV — For Sale
A CHOICE home for sale— 144 acres with
water rirht: located \ of a mile west of Mer-
ced rity limits; one'mile from creamerv; good
Fma:i house and barn; 11 a<~re* of alfa'lfa: 210
hearing fruit trw. 5 years old; price J2201;
owner wlyhe? to po 1r.to oth^r buriness. Call
or addrrss S. G. NEWMAN. Merced Cal
DAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. B5S0.
MISSION cnttag-e: r.ew: € rooms, hath; let ZOx
10C'; t"Ki''.- terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny st.
LADIES — Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no ether;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" Li letter by return mall; at dtug-
gists. ChiShester Chemical Co., PhiladeL. Pa.
J2.vx>— EASY terms; new 7-room modern house
Fourteenth ft., between Castro and Noe.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates fumifhed. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half-or-
phans from July 1 to October V. 1900: Amelia
A. L. Dienst. 11 years 8 months; Emma Alice
Planto, S years 4 months; Emily O'Nell, 4
years 5 months; Henrietta B. Clark. 9 years
6 months; Edna Corscllia. 7 years 4 months;
Irene Corscilia. S years; Mary Ellen Morgan,
10 years 4 months; Lucy- Rose Morgan, 8
years 8 months.
CHOICEST lot in Richmond; on eje\-ated
CT'-und; all street work done; electric cars
ps*i within a few steps: 25xl2!>: on west Fide
ft Tonth ave.. 125 feet south from Clement:
! nf the rrpttiest homes in Richmond on
each e!1» <-f U; easy payments: J40 cash
quarterly installments to suit; price S^O". AV.
J. GUNN. L3C- California St., between Mont-
gomery and, Kearny.
VAN NESS ave.. 850— Nicely furnished front
rooms, with board, use parlor, piano, phone.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
rison.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
GOOD home for young lady who works during
day; lisa of piano if desired; terms reason-
able. Box 3642, Call office.
LADY with piano will give lessons ln exchange
for room. MISS A.. C33 McAllister St.
ROOMS WANTED.
BOY 14 years old wants a room at 14 a month.
Bex 3C90. Call office.
DIED.
Anderson. Andrew
Breslln. P. C.
Brown, Chester W.
Burns, Mary-
Burns, Mary E.
Delahunty. Johanna
Ennis, Frank
Gallagher, Mary
Gallen, Ellen
Gehl, Louis
Groome, Mrs. E. B.
Guldemann, Henry
Harris. George "W.
Harris, Lewis B.
Hathaway. Martha A
Heaney, John
Horstmeyer. William
Jacobson, Alfred
Johnson, Harry
Kennedy, Margaret
Lewis. William A.
Mclver. John
Mullarkey, Alice
Murray. John T.
O'Neil. Mary A.
Pittman, James A.
Powles, Jane
Robl, Margaret
Roberts. Shirley
Samulesen. Maren
Schofleld. Annie E.
Smith (infant)
Steffens, Diedrlch J.
Tonnlssen, Lydla L.
Walter. Miss W.
¦Webster, Malvinla
ANDERSON— In this city, October 16, 1900, An-
drew, beloved husband of Julia M. Anderson,
and father of Mrs. F. N. Wade and George
M.. Archie A.. Charles F., Amy J. and Edith
M. Anderson, formerly of Sonoma County,
Cal., aged 65 years and 17 days.
BRESL1N— In Vllas, Colo., October 10, 1900, P.
C. Iireslin, beloved husband of Deborah Bres-
lin, father of James, Georgie, Reta, Alice,
Collie ar.d Grover Breslln, and brother-in-law
of the late Mrs. M. Murphy of Schorae,
Wash., and Mrs. R. Pratt of San Francisco,
a native of County Donegal, Ireland.
BROWN— In Lafayette, October 17, 1900, Ches-
ter Warren, beloved son of Henry T- and
Annie E. Brown, and brother of Estella L..
Lloyd L. and Sybil E. Brown, a native of
California, aged 11 years and 19 days.
BURNS— In this city, October 17. 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Cornelius Burns, and
mother of John and James Burns and Mrs.
W. McMullen. a native of County Tipperary,
Ireland, aced 62 years.
C3T friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at i:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 143 Boyce street, off Point Lobos road,
thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy street,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock, lo-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURNS— In Oakland, October 16. 1900. Mary
Elizabeth Burns, beloved wife of Michael
Burns, and dearly beloved mother of Mary
and Henry Burns and Mrs. F. T. Jones, a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
61 years.
J^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 421 B street. North Oakland, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary'* Cemetery, Oakland.
DELAHUNTY— In this city, October 16, 1900,
Johanna, beloved wife of the late Patrick
Delahunty, and mother of Ignatius, Kate,
Margaret, Ray and Sadie Delahunty and Mrs.
John Muller. a native of County Clare, Ire-
land, aced 52 years.
|C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 121 Fourteenth' street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a rolemn requiem
mass K'lll be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, comroenclne at 3 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ENNIS— In this city, October 16. 1900, Frank
Ennls Cardozo. beloved husband of Virginia
Ennls, father of Mrs. Mary Cohen and Rich-
ard. Antone. John, Robert, Joseph. Frank
and Manuel Ennis, and father-in-law of
Aaron Cohen, a native of Portugal, aeed 50
years 2 months and 23 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances and members
of Portuguese Protective Benevolence Society
and Concelho Corte Real No. 30. da
U. P. E. C, are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from his late residence. 5 Mouiton
place, oft Montgomery 6treet. between Green
and Union, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a high requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock.
GALLAGHER— In this city, October 16, 1900,
Mary Gallagher, beloved mother of Daniel
O'Connell. Mrs. J. M. Murphy of Arizona.
Mrs. Kate Ilinke and the late John and James
O'Connell a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1624 Clay street, thence to St. Brig id's
Church, corner Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, for services. Interment private, Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GALLEN— In this city, October 17. 1900, Ellen,
beloved daughter of Mrs. Annie Gallen, and
Kranddaughter of Bernard and the late Eliza-
beth Lunny. a native of San Francisco, aged
6 years 7 months and 26 days.
CXFrlendP and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, S6 Converse street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GEHL— In this city. October IS. 1900, Louis
Gehl, a native of Berlin. Germany, aged 72
years and 10 months. A member of Interna-
tional Osarmakers* Union.
CT'Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thl3 day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theo. Dlerks, S57 Mission street, thence to
Odd Fellows' Crematorium, where the re-
mains will b» Incinerated.
GROOME — In Alameda, October 16, 1900. at her
residence. 1812 Willow street, Mrs. Elizabeth
Brooks Groome, aged 83 years and 9 months.
CT Funeral strictly private. Please omit
flowers.
GULDEMANN— In this city, October 17, 1900,
Henry, beloved husband of Augusta Gulde-
mann. and father of Willie, Elsie, Dora and
David Guldemann, a native of Baden, Ger-
many, aged 35 years 3 months and 13 days.
HARRIS— In this city. October 17, 1900, George
\V., beloved husband of Neves Harris, and
father of Charles. George and Hen Harris.
Mrs L. Webb. Mrs. Lytle W. Price and the
late Nellie Harris, a native, of Boston. Mass.,
aged 6S year*.
CCT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmora st.
TURK, Ell — FVont room suitable for 2 young
men.
TURK, 12C— Furnished eunny rooms for 1 or 2
eents. or man and wife.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BUILDING
(Our New Office.)
Prices of Everything Have Rfsen.
Real Estate Values Are Sur« to Follow.
Buy a Lot Now at Our Low Prices.
EEAUTIKT-'L SUNSET LOTS—
ONLY $700— CORNERS HOOP— THINK OF IT'
Graded Richmond loti en Sixth and Seventh
tves., near Point Lobos, on Installments; oniy
a few nior* to sell; secure one quick.
1500 to t«00— Lots graded, street* maead&m-
!««; superb vie*; protected from winds; no
<lr:?tlr.ir sand; cppos'.te new music stand-
epiendld car service; only J10 monthly.
$75. r.<». J1K> to $J5«— Nlneteenth-a.v«. lots
and to the Ocean boulevard; cne-thlrd less
their value; $5 monthly.
f:00 to 1250 — Level lots, close to Mission and
£aa Mateo electric car lines; to monthly.
Brar.ch office. Ninth ave. and H tt., Eunset;
cjrts every day and Sunday.
Call for Maps ar.d ntagr&nis.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER,
iNew O:"fic»> Room E4. Chronicle building.
THE Seattle House — Nicely furnished rooms,
by the day. week or month. SI per week and
up. 1231 Market st. '
TAYLOR. 315— Nicely furnished suite; Bun all
day; suitable for 2 or 3 gentlemen; rent mod-
erate.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
SUTTER. 717, near Taylor^ — Sunny, choice, rea-
sonable; please investigate; bath.
PHYSICIANS AXD SIIIGEO\S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
BOSH Market St.. between F!xth and S-venth.
MARBIED.
BRANDT— BRAYTON— In Eureka Hill. Mendo-
cino Countv. October 14. 1900, by the Rev. D.
Munro, Wilhelm M. Brandt and Olive J.
Brayton.
CRAWFORD— CLAY— At Level Lea. Fruitvale,
Cal., October 17, 1S0O, by the Rev. John Han-
nan. Harden Lake Crawford of New York and
Annie Clay.
DANIEL— BORODINSKY— In this city, October
7. 1900, by the Rev. Joseph Willner, Peter
Daniel and Hattie Borodlnsky. both of Saa
Francisco.
NELL1ST— BUCHANAN— In this city. October
4, 1900. by the Rev. James X- Beard. Guy C.
Nellist of Eureka and Dora M. Buchanan of
Ean Ralael.
STOCKTON, 603— Nice sunny furnished suite,
eingle ar.d housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 136 — Sunny furnished rooms for light
housekeeping: also other rooms.
CAST-OFF clothing. oM eC'M ajri silver boupht
fend portal. COLEMAN'S. EM Kearny st.
A-LFREDVMS Eryptlan Henna: restores grrav
nair to !ta r.atunil color; $1; at all druggists
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
HAIR quickly c-jr'.<"3 or waved by usinsr TaJ-
cotf* curlin* fluid; 25c a bottle; druggists.
OLD roid. eilver. dlarr.r.nds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JCVKEL, £17 Market «.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis Et.— Incandescent llfcht;
readir.K-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; r\x>ms, per nipht, 35c to Jl 50; week. $2 to
S5; month. $* to $3f»; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ELECTROLYSIS deFTroys superfluous hair,
molee; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 KIMsst. — Rooms,
night 25c to II, week ii 25 to |4; open night.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ENGLAND— In this city, October 11, 1900, to
the wife of William A. England, a daugnter.
G1ESCKER— In this city, September 14. 1900, to
the wif* of Charles H. Giescker, a son.
SUITS to crder en easy payments, xrt Tailor-
!r.g Co., l£4t Mkt., unier St. Nicholas Hotel.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; eeerecy. L'nc'e Harris, 15 Grant av.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
NATOMA. 4oO— Sunny front room for man and
wife or 2 gentlemen; cheap.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
rears" experience. J. B. R-A.Y. 3T,7 Jessie St.
MISSION. 1723»i. near Thirteenth— Furnished
room, folding bed. stove, bath, laundry. $5.
LTPERER'S Foarr.o £hami>oo !s the best, 5c
rkg. ; fcairdressinjr latest styles, only 2T»c.
SUITS to order from $15 up on ea*y payments.
The Richelieu. 700 Market et., near Geary.
SUITS to order on installments; H5 upward;
II a week. LEON LEltOS. 1117 Market tt..
V'tween Seventh ar.d Eighth.
MINNA. C4S. nr. Sth— ! large sunny unfurnished
on second floor; entirely separate; reasonable.
MINNA. 6C7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room, $1 per week; transient.
MME. ADA. wonderful rifted healer. 1104 Mar-
ket, r. S & 4. cures F^'nal trouble, rhaumatism.
blindness. paraly«<s and all nervous diFeases.
LAS TALMAS, 1S20 Market Et.— Suite of 2 cr 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MCALLISTER. f.3»— Oouble parlors and kitchen;
gas; bath; house; use of stove.
LEfErtER'S Quintonica. Hair Tonic: extract
of quinine bark; perfectly harmless; very
ber.ef.cial; Kc bottle.
LARKIN. 707, near Ellis— Single front room
with private family; rent $16; furnished.
MAHBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Georpe Parlsen, 44. 8543 Nineteenth street,
and Elizabeth L. Schultze, 44. 1531 Twelfth ave-
Antone Francoll, 33, Olema, and Aletta
Medici. 25, Olema.
John Elliott. 39. 2766 California street, and
Maud D. Gray. 26, 2366 California Btreet.
Willy Ruhe, 23. Indian Gulch, and Elsbeth
F>!st. 20. 1213 Noe street.
Joseph P. Gallagher. 2S, city, and Mary XIc-
Rae, 25, city.
Michael Griffin, 24, 713 Natoma street, and
Bridget T. Fayne, 23, 1405V> Scott street.
Thomas P. Ronald. 26. 1229 Howard street,
and Sara. E. Harklns. IS. 1612 Folsom street.
Robert W. Mackie. 2S. 23 Valencia street, and
Mary E. Hughe?, 2?. 21 Valencia street.
Daniel R. Vida, 23. Honolulu, and Sarah K.
Cockett, 21, Honolulu.
Frank R. Seep^r. 35. Angels Camp, and Ida
E. Howell. 3rt. Stockton.
Wong Yon Son. 31. 25 Ross alley, and Ah Nfr.
27, 716 Jackscn street.
ELECTRIC lig-ht* ln every room— 'Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
C'rf- to ?1 58 i-er night; 51 T.0 to J8 per week;
fr«»e 'bue end baggage to aji-J from the ferry-
FAIXFL'L nervous diseases, rheumatism, par-
alysie. liver and kidneys cured without drups
by PR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 25^ Keamy.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms. ; suites or single: travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 7T4 — Large well-furnished j-unny suite,
with use of bathroom, ln quiet private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
aud Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JE5SIE. 44?-Sinsle rooms to let from $1 up;
also two unfurnished rooms.
KAG carpets wove to order and for eale: also
chenllle-wove rues. *ilk portieres; dealer In
carpet twlr.e In Jia:ik cr chain, at loweft
rates. GKO. MATTIiaWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LKDEPXH uses and wlls Schemer's Colorine.
TSc hex; he restore* hair to natural color at a
reannaMe rrice. 123 Stockton Ft.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
FOIJSOJI. fcS4-tt a week; large sunny furn-
ished room, closet, bath, private. Call by
S p. m.
PKUSO.VALS.
2 L'NPrRNISirED rooms to let. Inquire at
1101 Clay St., comer Mason.
CLEMENTINA, 291, off Fourth— Single rooms;
private family.
PALMISTRY.
UME. NEEKGAARP. 7<» Post: tel. Hyde r.'SS;
hour* 1 to 5 ne.. and Sunday by appointment.
H. JEROME rOSSICLl-I, scientific pilmist. KB
Taylor Et.. bet. G«?ary and Pos-t; tel. Black BO.
CLARA. K6-2 sunny rooms; rent $4 SO; also
3 rfomi>.
BUSH. 2133— Sunny furnished rooms from 15;
runr.lns water.
BUSH, 2133— One large unfurnished room; run-
nine water.
6BAL.ED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of Henshaw, Bulkley & Co., 48 Fremont
St., San Francisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock noon.
OCTOBER 19TH. 1900. for furnishing: free of
expense of delivery, at Honolulu, H. T.. the
following machinery.
Bidders to state time required to make de-
livery, and to furnish explicit specifications
of what they propose furnishing:
One double cylinder, double friction drum
hoisting enclne, complete with boiler: engine
to be similar in design and size to machine
illustrated and described on pages 34 and 35
of the American Hoist and I>errick Co.'s cat-
alogue, lSS5-'6 edition..
As a substitute for the above, bids will
alco be received for a double cylinder, double
friction drum hoisting enclne, complete with
boiler; engine to be similar ln design and
size to engine number 2S, Illustrated and de-
scribed on pages 26 and 27 of the American
Hoist and Derrick Co.'s catalogue, l«S3-'6
edition.
J. A. McCAN-DLESS. Superintendent of
Public 'Works, Honolulu. H. T.
OIL IAXDS FOIl SALE.
U« ACRES— MeKiUrirk district. Kern County.
2 ir.lles fro:r. Afi>hilia ptation. K., iC4 Four-
teenth Ft.. Oakland.
PROPOSALS.
BUSH. E20 (The Elk)— Chanred hands; newly
renovated.. nicely Turn, sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
week; 25c to $1 60 night. MRS. P. HA1CFT.
OFflCKg AXD STORES TO LET.
L.AIIGE elegant rtcre ar.3 basement; 9S3 Va-
lencia St., r.pi- rist. business center.
BUSH. 324— Furnished sunny rooms, suits or
single. 25c per night up; transient.
ALWAYS bargains ln type-writers: any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery Et
(LOUISIANA. STATE LOTTERY.)
. 'j OF THE- — . /
Honduras national Lottery Co.
NUMBER
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number, Class "K," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., Sat-
i urday, October 13, 19OO.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prlie.
187. 16 194... 24 266 40
310 80 544 16 716 123
884.. 40 1019 24 1065 24
1078...'....., 40 10S8 24 1W4 16
1097 16 1112........ 24 1195 K
1278 16 1300 16 1304 2*
1349 16 1415. .j. 24 1459 15
1552 .'. 24 1638 40 1776 24
1853 40 1967 16 1977 16
1985 24 2002 40 2037........ U
2172 40 2402 16 2631 W
2694 80 2744 4n 2941 8000
2S78 80000 S026 16 3115 16
3259 18 3454 16 3473 24
3792 1C S530 16 38S5 21
4138 40 4402 80 Htt. ....... 16
4539 40 4633 40 4794 18
48S5 16 48S9 24 4911 16
4970 16 4986 24 0070 .*.. 16
5227 24 5230 16 5253 12 1 )
5290 ]« 6322 16 54')7 24
5438 16 5878 40 5833 4)
5984 ' 16 6939 16 6070 40
8090........ 24 6199 24 £430 10
6507 IS 6617 80 6679 24
67S6 16 6S26 89 6350 21
6S61 16 7166 18 7167 4)
7193... 16 7304 8') 7313 24
73SS........ 80 7535 24 7537 16
7568 24 7602 24 7692 15
7828 24 7860 16 7931 40
8004 16 S099 120 8113 43
S1S4 16 8160 24 8173 16
8177. 24 83S6 24 8010 16
8735 24 8$S5. ....... 16 8SS6 120
S900 16 8320 16 S153 40
9187 16 9211 16 9438, 16
9307 , 24 9555 24 5752 IS
9913 SO 9D54 24 9996 16
10070 16 10CS3.. ...... 80 10123 24
10249 80 10367 24 10649 4'?
1073S 16J1SS08 24 10S47 16
10875 24 1C923 40 10994 16
11020 120 11085 "80 11:83 16
11387 40 1138S 16 11393 24
11455 40 11515 16 11775 15
1180S 40 11S99 16 11941 40
12016 24 12242 80 12281 16
12512 40 12723 • 40 12S03 16
12880 24 13018 16 13118 41
131S7 16 13383 18 13-121 16
1349S 40 13507 24 1S62S 80
13632 16 13716 40 13713 SO
14003 40 14055 24I142C8 24
14422..: 16 14662 16 11747 16
14780 16 14S12 16 14S16 40
14924 16 14936 83 15005 16
15022 1615C48 24 15181 15
15204 80 15320 24(l55SS 24
1S640 40J15788 SOI15S23 120
15856 40115890 40;15»64 16
16190 16|16232........ 21J1631S 24
16S34 80116549 16|1«578 80
16SS4 8017037 40 17184 16
17220 16 17242 24 17312 21
17320 24 17431........ Ml'17463 40
l~£>70 24 17599 24)17653 IS
17725 16 17784 16 17790 15
17924........ 8011S011 16 18106 40
1S151-. ...... 16 18302 S0J1S522 40
lf5S2 40 1S391 ' 16 18603 40
1S609 24 1S662 S0I1S667. 400
1S722 40 1SS12 16il85S5 24
1S9C2 16 1S964 40J19152.. 16
19171 16 19228 24 19273 24
1J-S11 400019323 24:19357 16
19455 24119460 16US650 16
19704.. 80119764 16 19776 24
1!»32 SO 19937 24 19&87 ."... SO
20001 24120193 40 2C247 24
2027S 24!20369 24120451 IG
20493 16J20499 16120599 80
207S5. ........ 4i>'20S00 40120861 IS
210?l.... 16121129 40121302 40
21585 16;21647 241216S6 15
21767 16'219S3 16(22057 lfl
22226 16122234 24)22340 21
22338 80:22454 16122508........ 40
2°S50 16!22672 1622765....;... 40
22796 SO'22815 " 16'22S22 ,16
23C62 16J23269 24J23320... 40
23193 16 ; 23720..'..i... 16J23S00 40
24012 - 40JS4112 4^24153 16
24251 It. 24613 16 24661 80
24670 8024749 16 24S25 40
24954 16|24995 16125035 24
25131 40125272 16;25428 16
25473 S0!25555 16:25630 40
2C-641 24(25601 40,25712 16
2.-,752 40:25813 24J25S37 16
2:,S54 4025966 40^26016 18
26024. 16i260S5 24J26317 16
263S4 24(26435 16J264S2 8»
2C534 24J265S3 16:26666 16
26725 4026966 21126393 K>
27140 80:27247 40J272G3 1*
27275 401273S3 16I2755S 16
2761S 24S27C57 402773S 24
97 5 f3 40I2S234... - 24,2823* ,,_4"V
2S311..*. 1612S459. .;•..... ' S0|2S327.V.V:.:. -.SO-
28603 16-28623 ; M.M640 -16
2S6C5 162S713 1S12!?S32 24
2S911 16i2S315 8O|ZS94« IS
23070... . 24I23OS3 16.29122.... ..-.. 49
"vtloS lfi!29315 S0!23705 16
59723 24I29S99 40:29936 "40
hm'.'.'.'...'.. 24130102. 40-3011* 24
S0464 400i305?2 16i3059S 40
-iocsi::::.... so^so i*
31202 16 ! 31340 Ml',3143o M>
31531 .... 16S15S9 24:31715 1«
31778 ... 40131S60 80*81883 24
32045 1632176 12O'3224S........ 24
1 :: --:-:: fe:::::: S:::::::: 8
US ffi :::: IS:::::::: 8
i"!'*:*:::: wwm 16.33931 w
?4&31 .. 16:34036 4034254 24
3i3S9 40 ! 3443S 4034555 16
|]?64 24134754 16134S5S 24
#:::: 1635m 24135124 «
1^22 .... 8035284 4035372 24
l-J,t[ 24135393 40 35»C2 16
S ::::::: Ei± U»::::::: %
|S" :::::: ill::::::: &^S0
Eli fe:::::::: Spli »
S»2 40'36^59 lCi3638t 16
IfisS?:::::::: lofe 40137375 24
S::::::: H™ »teg»; «
,--«- 40 S75S0 16i)ib32 Zi
%*& ::: m&sos «w*u 24
24 3S170 24iCS213 18
i 40 58320. 80 38622.; 80
ig«? 24 3S735 24 3SS32 24
:::::::: $$%& jjU «
Snsa— " 16 S9131 16 39228 24
$}£ 16 3D30S 18*39310 16
M407"".::::: «»«» j«j««ji «
.qaU 40 S.W25 1SIS9330 1".
tllf, 40 39970 16159978 1*5
fjh 16 40127 16! 401 U 24
S::::::: leK ™m* b«
4ar9 SO 40424 16i4O.>4 1<
Infiif 16 40745 16 40S6S 24
09 1:::::::: wpw is«i« f.
i 117 q 2141221 16 41330........ Si
4330 241U373.. 40 41577 1«
Ihii 16|41CS4 24 41716 40
"on "-4,141918 8042141 16
4'153 . 40142216 18 42352 IS
2^5? 40142450 24 42479 16
!%*£ . 16 42605 16142778 8)
4^..... 8,1,42988 4OJ43146 1«
1;;?; 2443224 16432,-4 24
4^5 R0 43390 16'434'?S 16
J«« 24 436$* 4n'43S23 15
Tlfiirt 16 449S9 2»i44S97 80
45305 16 45307 16:45372 16
45444" :: 164S492 1645541 16
;!£)9 16145651 40145777 24
{S40 : 21146055 24145.061 4)
l^ii 40143320 16UC324 24
JUie 24 45372....:... 40 45492 16
4«4^ 8046461 16145375 16
46579."!! 16146752 24 46795 120
45S0S -.1646969 120 47061 40
2f093 12O473S4 24 47491 16
47609- 24 47633 .' 40 47847 24
48043!!!! !! 40 4SO83 40 4S112 120
4S351 .... 16 48401 24 48547 24
4SS71 .. 80 48931 40!4S<Mt 15
legU 24 49022 16U9137 40
««<.. ...... 244 , 305 1649532 16
49622:.::.".. 16 43662 24 49737 16
499152 40
60137 16 50166 16 50314 % 15
50560 40. -.038?. 24 3a".O
50640 ... 2450644 iC'.^S 4*
£o6C3 24I5166S 16150671 A»
mm .:::.. w~<™*
513 73 24151574 16131G:i2 16
61731 .... 24151943 16JS199S 16
52019 " ... S0J.-2041 40152047 4U
r-Msn' 40iri2222 16'52315 24
rass.::::::: 2415:619........ i6^n^ 40
5?6T8 16152878 24'53320 24
53023 .... 16I53C6O-. .S0 53O63 24
53199 24153229 I«!o3293 16
53526 24152565 40153831 24
M&6 24I54CS5 1654145 SO
5457" .• 24 543!)6 40!54«0 2»
E4559;;::;... 1C 54699 24 154706.... % .. 16
55»40 40K3C6 24 153337.... \.. 24
55V)7 .- 16155566 24155650 1*
".5749'" ... 16155SS0 21'55riO3 40
6607<t'" .. 16 56147 40156161 10
E6"52"" .... 24 56273........ 24156292 16
r«<>; 40 5<53S8... 40)56369 80
|g7'4 .16 58S33 2JI568J3 40
56<*"4 '".... 4057166 16|57213 16
5T>27 ....- 16 57267 16I574S1 10
E7507'. "....... 24 57333.. 24 57573.. 18
57578 .. 16157596 SO 5764? 16
57712": 24157749 16 57757 24
57764 ' 1GI57937 1SJ5W11 40
ES133; ' 16158199 80 58326 24
6SJ51 ....'.. 24 5S513 40 58533 24
SS555 " 2415S5S8.. ....... 2458393 16
5S705 .... 2415S743....*.... 16158744........ IS
68S73'. 40I5R875 16159195 2!
59311 ::..... 34159374 24'59441. 24
£941' ... 16ID9555.... 24159577 IS
(.mi'.'.'. 24159S39 24159S61 IS
60044 24!«Ort43 80160105 24
6O539'.::".:. 40J605S4. ....... 16!60590. SI
60722 :::::.. lsleoTsi leif.*™ «
60800 400160912 24160941 1C
60963* WmW. ....... 16161204.....;.. 40
61210 ...... 16161293 80161374 .-16
61376 24i61411 83J6152S ¦!«
61554. ....... 80161662... 120(517«9... ig
6t«ll3 24161961........ 24r6J'Ml. ....... 41
62078........ 16:62166.. 1C152167. ....... 16
62205... • 16162232... 16(62256.... 40
"62416 40162443 .... 16i<!2475 16
62541.; • 24162545 ....120162631........ 40
62959. 24163026........ 21I630S7 16
S
RAILROAD TRAVEL. '
MttUTIIKHX i-AVtrtV 4O.1IPAXT.
Train* !«•»»*»• !«•>¦« **r«> clu* ¦•» nrrlt* itt
MAN t'JS V >«•!>.•¦«>.
„ . . (Main LiiKJ. Foot "( ilaik-t SSreet.)
LSatb — From October I. 13C3. — abkitS
•¦JsOOa BenlcU, Sulsuu. FJajiri, VmcaiiUe,
liuuis-y au.t .-Hcrauieiitn -7: !:»>
•::OUi ShmiU Kxpn-M- D.tU. Williams (far
Bartlett Firings), VViiluws, itei
BluC, l'o/t:aml •?:«*
•7:30 « Manit ts7. Han lUmcrn. Vallcjo. Napa,
CalUt' g^aiut Haiit* llusa. 'AsISp
•AsOOa Dat is. W. cxLauil. Kui.-l.is Lu,.liJk.
Maj-y«Ti:je. <>ioti:i<v •T:!.'**
•*:OO* AtEasUn rijiiin jO|jT« and Cast '12:13?
?*:O»t Jiil-j?, Tr.c.7. Latkrup, Stockton M/:I3a
•»t3O4 .-ti-i Jose. Ufrfutirtr, .-Hockta:!.
lone, -aciainiiito. rUct-riill',
M»»j«Tiili-. Chit-.-. Umimutt MflS*
•«!TJ|»« OiU<Uir. Or.urse. Hiann» Cartels... *l:l»p
•»:«« * ll:ij ir:>r, :< MihSWd Way s<*t;,.ui. "lit 13*
•'J:IM>A L«-8 AntCW tipre.-t— Martinez,
Tr-IOJ, l.i-ijr..|. rt'nrktnu. Mt-ICt-tl
Kfrsi. ...... n Li* AnjaVg # 7:I.lF
1 •!):3O« V»H.J... Mwtiuti umi >V*f station* ~ Tkil.-.r
•IU:«U4 Tb- O»erUu.l lji..i'ed— O.-det.. Dea-
Ttr, l><i»l»iv Chicaf....- *6.«»
'11:011a K!ii», H'-oeti'm. AMruBttta* Hen-
•loia. rrraO4 iUiifi.rl. Yiuli*.
IYrtcr*&l« •I»I3»
*II:OOa LiTcniKTe. Haug-r Co*bea Junc-
tion. CkmlM.1. I.O3 A.-.gcle»
•I «!i»«M lUjwat .». Siirs ami »Vu> ;.-S»'.ion». 1 i:41?
t Itttttr Ma'/»iiu>isM> Hirer M: Ml.iern »5 : On %
Minor iujfmiix. Rika *-.<\ v> *j sii'.:-:.«. •^¦.^^r
*4ifM»r M...Mi>. /. Nun ItMWM, V»tl<ja,
N m .. r'KlNi'xn. Hwrta !:..«¦» *Uil.1»
•l.iinr n-i.irij. Winters. Haciamenta.
Wixxllautl, U'.'.Ij'i l-n.-.ini,-,
MnrjKTiii-, On>.-ll!.. *I«:I3«
•li:t(»r Nlles.!-»ii.l.i.e4inlHt«c!;ton •7sl3»
•Sjlittfl'lm Owl HmUrt TniiT. Fiesno.
i>«k«rs(i>3l<l. Bsatsna tut .^iu>ta> i:*t-
bara. Lorn Aua«lt». «1»:I5»
•»:Oo r f»t«,cktoa *W: 13*
•a:O»rXew Urlf«ni Eipr.«-lukemneM.
SitiiU lUrliira, U* Angflea, Unw
ing. il Tuo, Kow Orleans mud
Uttat •7i«--»»
•OtOo r Itajwart!*, Nile* and Mali Juaa •?>!**
1li:<Mlr V«lleji» *I3:I»P
•«:0»r()i\nt3l Mall-O g .:en, Chejecno.
OVha, rti!c»sn '13:13»
•6:00rOrt^!.m: Uait— Onfaa, iuni«t,
Omalm. «^Tii(r»«r, Mtt-Ip
•7:OO»NH«v'?r=eT. Lathrop. Stockton •tailSp
•7i»»r m^fui ami t'alli'.ri.U l.»i ¦>-. .-.•. -<..o-
imi^.,L,., AUrjHtiilf, I :*-•(.!!¦.»;.
r-tutthiml, 1'iigoi SimialUMl r«*t •»:!¦¦»*
I»:fl5l» Valicjc, 1'ort *.'c»U »..,l W»y SU
ti.,i.s tll'<»»>
• COAST !>IVIx|i>\ Clarvaw «¦¦¦•).
I ( Foot <.( U.rkct Street. >
•Ssl3» New»rk.«>iitirTi!*-,«»n.l»)«9,I'>ltnn,
Uoti! Jet ( "ii o-, .-Au.t * C> ii z ami VV*j
8Ut!oi.« •«.*•»
•StlSp Newark, CeiiterTtUv. San .iota, Now
Alma.leu. Feltcu. ItonUler Or«ik.
8auta Cruz ana riiticlpml W«;
SUtiotm
"«: I. 1r Newark, «»u Jons, Lo» Oatr>s *9:-10A
i all>43p Hunten' Execnlon. San Joae and
Wmr Station* j~t»»r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaSll rSiBGISCO— Fo»t a' Mirk it Slrnt (SIu I)—
•7:15 9:00 11:001. M. Jl;33 J »iVl 13;M
M:C3 tS:03
¦ trtm OllLlXD — .'sjt »rEtulJn». — *C:00 S:M 10:00*. H.
I tl2C3 *1:33 t2:S3 *3::3 U-C3 'Z.ZZr.u.
COAST DIVISION ilJrosiM.i.ns-,.
! (thlfil m •> Towugeiul SU)
; ?«tlOA Ocean Mow. Hrmth Han Francisco.. l«i»»»
*7i«»Oa S»!. Jose a..:t) 'V»j .Statloiut (Not
Ali»a.ler ".Vo.li.e.i.l;4ii only) *litl>r
! •»!««* Han .Joat*. 'Ires l'inu», .SauU Crux.
I'aciiic tiroia. l'is i Knliira, Man
l.uU Oliii|M>. 8nrf. I.o-i:iiuc »n;l ¦
Principal Way Sution* •¦l.lOp
' •IO:«|»4 San J.i»e aud \Va» Htationa. "ainilj
! •lli:tl>» JnseMn.1 Wa- HUiii.ns 'SxllOT
t'<is-l3pHan Matro, Ueilwoal, Meulo Park.
Talo Alto. S»nU Clara, San Jose,
Tres PIdoi. .Santa OrW, Salinat.
Mnuierrj an.l I'a, iiir liruTd )IO::t«4
! f:j:3o P Han.luaean.l Way .Staliuna *7;a»p
I fliirif Sa,, Josean.l Principal \V ay StaSioi:« *M9l
, f.1:(M>p Ssn Joe. I.cs Oatos and Principal
Way Station* 49:0)1*
. •3:3Op Saii.Iojiran.i l'rincip»l Wty Stations '•»33«
•ti::illp San .Tiis« autl Way . Stations tH : ou v
3ll:4r.r S»n -IokjikI tt'ty Htationa «?»3l>y
A for Mori.iug P for Afternoon
•Daily. , I .¦iuuA%T exespted. : -u;n!.y oniy.
9 Saturday re!j.
CALIFORNIA NORTfiVESTESN ET. Ca
m FRAHCISCQ AK3 KQRTH PAC1F13
RAILWAY OOMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry, Foot at Market 91b
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RXTAEU
TTEEK DAYS— 7:20. »:C0. ll:C0 a. n.; 11:33.
1:30. 8:10. 6:30 p. rx. Thurs>laya— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. zn. taturi!ay»-Eii.-a trlztm at l.a*
• and 11:30 o. m. '
BUNDAT8— »:00. >:30. U:00 a. m.: 1:39. l:ZX
5:00, 6:20 p. n.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— «:10. T:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:43.
I:«0, 5:15 p. m. Satariai »— titra trips at
l:E5 and «:SS o. m.
SUNDAT3— 8:10, 9:*0, U:10 a. m.{ l:4O. 1:40,
' J:C5, «:25 p. m.
Betwe«n San Francisco and 6chu«tzen Par*
nme achedul* cm above. _
Iy>a,va J In Effect. I Arriva
flan Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1$V>.\ Pan Francisco.
Week I Sun- J 1 Sun- I W«a
Daya. | day». f Destination.] daya. | I>ay».
7:S0am S:0O»m Novato. 10:40 am! 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm|10:25 an*
6:13 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:&i pm! «:20 pra
Fulton.
f :30 am Windsor. 10:2S asa
Healdsbarsr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
t:SO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:3? pm
T:I0 ami I Hopland I Il(ht3 am
1:30 pm[ 8:00 amf ar.d THtlah. | 7:35 pm| t:20 pna
~T:S0am ~ '10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevine. 7:S5 pai!
1:30 pm(r 1 «:*0ps>
7:30 am S:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
} and
«:13 pro 5:CQjmf Glen Ellen. 8:C5 pmi <:» PM
7:30 am] 8:00 am! 113:40 am|10:!S am
8:30 pm! 5:C0 pm! Sebastopol. | 7:3-" pm; 4:20 pm
Etases connect at Snnta Rosa for Mark W««t
Eprlnirs and White. Sulphur Ej>r!r«53: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for I,ytton Springs; at
Gpyser villa for Ekajrss Bpiir.z^: at Cloverdal*
for the Oeysefs: at HoplanJ for Duncan
Bprlnsr*. Highland Pprlnps. Kelieyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. I-akeport and Bartlett
Eprlnsa; at ITktah for Vichy Spr^jg3. Saratoga
Pprlnga. Blue Laksa, Laurel Dell Laka. 'Witter
Cprlnrs. Upp.er Lahe. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day'«, RlTerslde, Uerl»y*a, Bncknell's.
Panhedrtn Heights. HitflvHIe, Orr** Hot
tprlngs. Mendocino Ctty. Fort Brass. 'West-
port, Vaal. 'WUllta, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Pell's Sprinzs. Harris, Olaen's. Dyer. Sect!*
ar.d Eureka. '
Baturday to lloadtay roua «\trlo tlcketi at
reduced rates.
On Sunday ronnd trip tlcke-U to all potat*
fee-rand San Hafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. CO Market at.. Chronicle bids,
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN,
General Uasacer. C*a. Pass. Aser.t..
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Infarn.
A^ERuS^gwfcK Hou9e~148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to {1 per night; 11 2a to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.,' suites, single; also unfurnished.
AXD SUPPLIES^
GREAT BARGAINsTlT TYPEWRITERS— We
pell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, f3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence, 1513 Larkin street, between Sacramento
and Clay. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. .
HARRIS— In East Oakland, October 16. 1900,
Lewis B. Harris, beloved son of Lew B. and
Minnie Sampson Harris, and grandson of
John A. Sampson. (San Diego and Stockton
papers please copy.)
HATH AWAY— In this city, October 17. 1900.
Martha A., beloved wife of Harvey R. Hatha-
way, and mother of Harry L. Hathaway, a
native of Maryland, aged 50 years 6 months
and 10 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted &. Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
private.
HEANEY— In this city, October 17. 1900, John
Heaney, beloved husband of the late Jane
Heaney,- father of John, Michael and the late
Rosana Keaney, a native of Ireland.
HORSTMEYER— In this city, October IS, 1900,
William beloved husband of Marie Horst-
meyer, and father of William Jr., Fred, Lou-
ise, Henry and Helen Horstmeyer, a native of
Berlin. Germany, aged 6S years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thur3day), at 2 o'clock, from the parlor* of
II. F. .Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth, where services will be
held, under the auspices of San Francisco
Lodge No. 1. O. d. H. S. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
JACOBEON— In this city, October 17, 1900,
Alfred Jacobson, a native of Gottenberg,
Sweden, ased 43 years. '\
VT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall. 413
Sutter street, under the auspices of Templar
Grove No. 19, U. A. O. D. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. - - »
JOHNSON — In this city, October 16, 1900,
Harry, beloved son of John and Henrietta
Johnson, and brother of Edwin. Robert, Wil-
liam and Henrietta Johnson, Mrs. R. S. Pres-
ley, Mrs. Harry Pincomb of Nevada, Ia., and
Alfred Johnson of Chicago, 111., a native of
Chicago, 111., aged 16 years 7 months and 15
days. (Nevada, Ia., and Chicago, 111., papers
please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this -day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 1753A Howard street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. October 15, 1900, Mar-
garet Kennedy, aged 40 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the 'parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemeter;'.
EEWIS-In Fruitvale, Alameda County, Octo-
ber 17. 1900. William Alva Lewis, husband of
the late Almira M. Lewis, and father of Mrs.
A. M. Beale and Urban A., Walter S. and
Charles H. Lewis, a native of Erie, Pa., aged
72 years 8 mortths and 28 days.
[CTFuneral services to-morrow (Friday), at
10 o'clock, at the residence of his eon. Urban
A. Lewis, corner of Tev-ls and Putnam
streets, Ftuitvale. Interment private.
McIVER— In the City and "County Hospital,
October 17, 1900, John Mclver, a native of
England, aged 3S years..:
MULLARKEY— In this city. October 16, 1900,
at St. Mary's Hospital. Alice Mullarkey, a
native of Ireland, aeed 70 years.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, cor. Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. • Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MURRAY— In this city. October 17, 1900, John
¦T., beloved son of Michael ana Elizabeth
Murray, and brother of Joseph M. Murray, a
native of California, aged 2'J years 2 months'
and 2S days.
O'NEIL— In Sacramento. Cal.. October 17, 1900,
Mary Adelaide Johnson O'Nell, beloved wife
of H. E. ONeil,- daughter of Grove L. and
Annie M. Johnson, and sister of Mrs. A. R.
Sink, Airs. Bruce L. Dray and Albert M. and
Hiram W. Johnson, a native of Sacramento,
Cal.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 720 H street, Sacramento, Cal.
Interment City Cemetery.
PITTMAX-In this city, October 14, 1900, James
Alfred, beloved son of John N. and Hattle
Pittman, and brother of Fannie, Earle N. and
Delbert S. Pittman, a native of San Fran-
• Cisco, aged 3 years 7 months and "3 days.
POWLES-In this city. October 17, 1S00, Jane,
¦wife of Captain Thomas Y. Powles. master
of the British ship, James Kerr, a native of
Et. Leonards on the Sea, England, aged 52
years and 7 months. (Liverpool. England, pa-
pers please copy.)
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the Seamen's Institute.
33 Steuart street.
ROBL— In this city, October 17, 1900. MarRnret
Robl, beloved wife of the late John Robl,
i and mother of Frank W., Katie E., John C.
and Henry J. Robl, a native of Mallow,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 63 years 6 months
ar.d 4 days.
EirNotice of funeral hereafter.
ROBERTS-In this city, October 16, 1900, Sh.r-
ley M. Roberts, beloved »on of Bert C. and
Bessie B. Roberts, and brother of Chastina
Roberts, a native of Humboldt County, Cal.,
aeed 5 years- 1 month and. 20 daya.^. . . ,
SAMULESEN— In this city, October 17, 1900,
JIaren Samulesen, beloved wife of Charles S.
Samulesen, and mother of Charles Johnson.
Samulesen. a native of Norway, aged 40 years.
SCHOFIELD— In tht3 city. October 17. 1900,
ADnie E., beloved wife of Jacob Schofleld,
mother of Robert M, and George Graham
Schofleld, and eldest daughter of Michael
Lyons, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 46
years.
SMITH— In the City ana County Hospital. Oc-
tober 17, 19C0, Infant son of Mary Smith, a
native of California, aged 3 months and 19
days.
STEFFEXS— In Seattle, Wash., October 13,
1PO0, Dledrlch J.. beloved son of Mathlas Stef-
fens, and brother of Fred and Herrman Stef-
fens of Kohlen, Hanover, Germany, and Mrs.
F. Krohn and Henry and John M. Steftens of
San Francisco, a native of Germany, aged 48
years and 11 days.
TONNISSEN— In this city. October 15, 1900.
Lydla Louisa Tonnlssen, beloved wife of
Charles Tonnlssen, beloved daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. W. Crossfleld, and sister of Jane,
Tillle. Lizzie. Henry. Willie, George and
Freddie Crossfleld. a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 yea'rs 6 months and 9 days.
[n7"Frier]rls and af quaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 439 Francisco street, thence to St.
Peter's Episcopal Church, corner Stockton
and Filbert streets, for services. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
WALTER— In this city, October 17. 1900, Miss
Wilhelmina Walter, a native of Germany,
ased 38 veers 10 months and 10 daya.
WEBSTER- In this city. October 16. 1300. Mal-
vinla. beloved wife of the late Artemas Web-
ster, and mother of Mrs. Madge Gray.
O"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this d;iv
at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1098 Pine street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
No.- Prize. INo. Prize. INo. Prize.
63029... 1663232 40 S3559 --- «
f" 7 * 2483775 8?!63S04 "
«->« 40 63953 16 63969 2*
«?» 18 64012 16 64052 1«
"°« 40 641U KiMWl ?»
«*»0 18 64553 4CS4464 «
6481S 16 648*1 24 ! 64S*7 1«
«!«*> 4064869 OJMa «
f™»2 «>65163 24S5191 40
£223 2463310 SO ! 63327 8-J
«2*i| 2465711 So!657S5.-. 400
f-?fsf 40.S0S41 24 65SSS 40
£?25 16 6=329 80166145 16
g"' "IW181 1616619? 16
16i66472.. 166B333 15
™"5; 1466711 24'56904 IS
65937 16167250 241
Il 2 *l 24.S7273 16i67435 16
6^443.. ...... 8067451 1667470 16
6'CIO 24;67710 24 87717 24
6H20-*- 2i;67734.. 21' 51126. '.'....'.'. 24
6..S2........ 16 6TS04 16*7841 24
67.YJ2 1667413 120 67974 4ft
65026 16:68184 24 6S3D2 SO
6*481 24:65514 24/6*333 16
M59S 16I6S633 16 6S612 IS
6fc6*S 16J8SMS 40J6ST36 24
! 6S739 16.68S02 246S356 16
69045 400:65050 16J63244 10OO
SS41S 16|634S5 16J6M43 40
O5JJJ l«;636O3 40:53635, 16
«5639 S0;6073S 16 59037 40
! 70093 16:70149 24 702:3 1$
I "02S1 16I702S7 J6I70491 ;.. 16
7<«57 24J70S91 1S.7G613 24
7O7S6 16170732 12O;7l>847 40
j 7OS94 24-70003 24;71100 80
|71209.. 24171333 16 71326 40
! 71450 16:71468 2471702 16
i 71S23 16:72f>50 S072215 120
; 7249S 1«5|72:64 24:72777 24
I TOM 24|73034 167^,13? ; 16
[JZS155... 15173170 24'73244 40
i 73431 40J73433 16;7S463 • 21
I iS471 24173772 1673S12 24
73935 16j733i6 16 '.73396 16
74001 1« i; ;
74035 12074099 16,74165 24
74234 24171262 16.74279 16
! 74345 1674421 24 74632 40
74€41 40|74643 IS 74636 16
I 74737 40|74!)ll 4'1'75C33 24
I 75044 2O0O175243 18,75422 IS
75J23 40173651 24.73742 24
I 757*5 16175893 16)76033 16
! 7«142 S0i7«147 4Ot761?3.. ...... 40
I 7«1! J 5 1207619S 1«|76324 2»
76423 24:76439 16)76679 16
70734 40 78755 24,76*26 21
I 7fi?S3 S0.77r<M 16,77005 2«
77112.., 16;77163 16 771*3 15
77216 24,77261 24177239 4 1 )
I 77309 S0I774S9 16;77543 :.. 15
I 77Sf>0 16S779C6 40I7S010 24
! 7?274 1517V324 1<5 7S362 40
7S301 12O7S5S0 24:7S«4» SO
7SG62 16I7S633 24i7SJ60 24
7SC33 24I73CS7 40j79113 16
79271 16 79325 • 16 73333 1*
71'516 40179562 16;726S4 40
79S13 40;?00:.6 24'S0074 24
8CC30 24IS0186 SO-8C230 40
S02S6 M803S3 24'8C332 • 21
£0546 12O;SKS1 401S06C2 16
SC-67S 40S0726 1681014 1*
?K.54 S0:si2S0 MjS1419 24
S1519 40?1347 24 S1."«0 18
81765 120181795 40S1S21 24
81S83 24'S1919 40 S1933 16
I S2013 16S2120 24S2643 14
i SC645: S0;$2727 16 S27iS 21
I S2SJS 16[S2S. £ 6 lfi S30S1 24
I S3099 16IS3137 2«:S3U0 24
I 83477 24183723 »4 83754 40
I £3324 161S39S3 24|S4O15 16
S«C9 161841S1 24 S4404 JO
I ?4«2 24i84497 ie:S45o3 16
S4627 1685C21 lS.{.:>f)C3 15
I S50€3 16|S5226 l«|So330 16
85366 16195414 24I83431 16
85516 S0:$337S 16iS55i>3 15
S5f20 1«'S5622 4055743 14
S:$21 S018590S 16;«6033 14
86134 40S6137 80:86223 16
815371 24136740 40JS7023 16
87153 40(57162 16tS71S2 16
1 S7232 40, ! 8724S 40JS7266 16
1 S73S6 16 S74S4 24iS74S5 18
87779 16;S7S70 24i^26fi 16
8?."O7 4Q!SK513 16;SS032 "... 16
8=687 24 t 8S757 24J83CS3 24
8^365 18,S3400 40 834'<1 2i
SOT) 4C:SS597 24!S9635 IS
M"2 1SIS5SS3 16;&<iO36 40
902S3 24902S3 • 24I9O427 15
90446 1690549 16:90*27 16
90642 16'9C«6 12Oi9O<579 IS |
90725 16 5C7CS 16J907S3 16 \
91163 24:31204 UliUZO (0 |
9153S 24131614 120|92011 24 :
?2179 24!9236i 80;926S7 80 '
92?91 Iioi33131 16193135 80
936M 16:93751 16IS4159 16
94205 16'942r.5 24^4302 16
3413S 16'94324 18)94526 14
84354 2l!94»i01 4 / >,94M4 40
94C14 100O94R26 16|94629 IS
94C39 s 16194644 24|J4690 40
94752 24J94976 16194341 16
95059 1693125 24193205 16 I
.953S7 1495590 24;»5666.. ...... 8')
93<W0 lS'ScWl 40' 93862 IS
S6003 40I96C-8S 16J36170 16
PC352 16(06362 16I96477 18
96543 16'9«627 16;96S» 40 !
S7f.22 15197083 16i97120 24
97146 24197234 24,97321 80 i
97861 S0I97879 16!9<:i»4 24 I
9S011 SO'OSO?".. 219S095 IS -
<tf.?01 1*-*83<M 249S338 IS
9?372..'..V;.. 16*93937 16:9S939 18 :
ViQlil 40:93037 16|99156 16 J
99174 UW*>t 24J995S3 24 i
9:>fi06 ' 1619S623 16:95704 SO :
39720 4O',93SO7 40>9829 24
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from »I6 to 3026, Inclu-
sive being 30 numbers on each fide of the
number drawing the capital prize of $30,000— $40.
One hundred numbers from 2801 to 2991. Inclu-
sive, belnsr 50 numbers on- each side of the
number drawing the capital prize of JSOOO— $24.
One hundred numbers from 19161 to 19351, In-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing the capital prize of $4000— $16.
TERillNAL PRIZES.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
Ing with 78, being the two last figures of the
number drawing the capital prize of J30.00O-1S.
Nine, hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
Ing- with 41. being the two last figures of the
number drawing the second capital prize of
ISOOO— JS.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing. Class K. at Honduras. Na-
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which were this
day drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez. Honduras.
C A. this Saturday. October 13. 1900.
(Signed) W. S. CABELU Commissioner.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-KIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana. Tarish of Caddo.
Before me. H. Hunsicker. a notary public
ln and for Caddo Parish. La., on this day per-
sonally appeared Benjamin Richmond, who. be-
ins duly sworn on oath, says that he ls the
holder and owner of one-eighth ticket No. 43.-
633 of the Honduras lottery of the drawing of
September S, 13W, said number having drawn
the first capital prize of thirty thousand ($30.-
000) dollar?.
Paid through Commercial National Bank or
Sworn to' and subscribed before me this" ast
day of September, 1900.
y HENRT HITNSICKER.
Notaiy Public in and for Caddo Parish, La.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS-ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17. 1900.-
I am the bona fide owner of one-eighth ticket
No. 496?5. Class I. drawing of the Honduras
National Lottery Company. September 8, 1300,
held at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., which
number won the first capital prize of thirty
thousand ($30,000) dollars, and I have received
the money in full.
(Signed) L. LISANSKT, 8 Rutgers Place.
Sworn to before me this 17th day of Septem-
ber. 1900. (Sijtned) SAML. ZIPRIS.
Notary Public, New York County.
$3750 FOR 23 CENTS-ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17. 1900.
I am the bona fide owner of one-eighth ticket
No 49635. Class - 1, of the Honduras National
Lottery Company, September 8. 1300. held at
Puerto Cortez. Honduras. C. A., which number
won the first capital prize of thirty thousand
dollars, and I have received the money ln full.
(Signed) HARRIS KANJUTZKY,
339 Front street. New York.
Sworn to before me this 17th day of Septem-
ber, 1900. (Signed) SAMUEL ZIPRIS.
Notary Public. New York County.
11000 FOR 25 CENTS-ONE-EIGHTH OF
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
Borouph of Brooklyn, County of Kings, State
of New York.
On the loth day of September. 1900. before m«
personally appeared Jacob Feiser. a resident of
IS3 Columbia street, ln the city of Brooklyn. ,
State of New York, who, belnp duly sworn.
deposes and says that he ls the bona fid« holder
of an eighth part of ticket No. 33i62. Class I, I
Honduras National Lottery Company, drawing
of which was held on Saturday, September 8.
130ft -which number drew the second capital
prize of JSOOO. (Signed) J. PEISER,
Witness: EMANUEL BEER. 242 Tenth street,
Brooklyn.
Sworn to before me this 15th day of Septem-
ber. 1900. MARTIN STAVEN HAGEN.
Commissioner of Deeds for the City of New
York, residing in the borough of Brooklyn.
$1000 FOR 23 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
SECONP CAPITAL PRIZE.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Sept. 21. 1900.
William J. Torpey, being duly sworn, does
hereby make affidavit that he Is the bona fide
owner and holder of one-eighth ticket No. 53,-
563 In the Honduras National Lottery Company,
drawirig of September 8, 1900. -which number
won the second capital prize of eight thousand
dollars, and said ticket was paid on presenta-
tion. (Signed) WILLIAM J. TORPEY.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of September. 1900.
(Signed) ARNOLD KATZ, Notary Public.
Originals of foregoing affidavits held fcy pres-
ident of Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana Statw Lottery Company).
MISICAU I\STUL'3IEXTS.
A »5. AnGAIN " : m u*t b« told; nice uprlicht piano.
FCHMITZ. 16 McAllister Et., next. HID. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE rianos; Ster-k, Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 514 Post.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 1504 California st.
V and 29 Fifth st. Tfl. South 167.
ICNERAL DIHECT0R3 AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Kquipment at Moderate Rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
jf Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
QPilr Vj» ln *^54 ici thetrjatroentot Private
J5J ijCk, f^JT Uiseasea, Lost Man.Vx*! I>»bi:ity or
HfcgaJsSraB disease v-car!ng on bodyand minaand
Diwast-s. Vhe doclorcureawh^ii
i.therafall. fry him. Chargr«i» low
tSitaSrCffiSj CnrMsnw**!"^ Callorwrltrt
Or. J. * . ttlBBOX. Jim i"J37. Saa fci*.""*— »
i at
it-
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Flllmore Ft.; phone Jackson 281.
STAI1LES TO LET.
P.ARN 12 Ftall" to let. with lot 70x100. AnnlvFRED HANSTED, ALIAS "YOUNG DUTCHY," SWEARS THAT AFTER HE HAS PLAYED HIS JAIL ENGAGE
MENT HE WILL TRAVEL TO LONDON TO WREAK SUMMARY VENGEANCE UPON "DOC" EDWARD
WEATHERLY. WHOM HE ACCUSES AS A THIEF. ,
This property, for which there is no heir,
belongs to the school funds of California,
and Attorney General Ford declares that
•he will take legal action to have it de
livered to the proper authorities. There
will be some satisfaction in knowing,
therefore, that not only has a band of
probate sharks been punished by the ex
pose of The Call; but that the property
for which they committed a crime-will go
into the funds of the State.
The marriage of Fah Tung, a wealthy
merchant at 1113 Stockton street, and
Tonj? Low was celebrated by an elaborate
banquet at 119 Jackson street last night.
Chinese Wedding Feast.
Thl« favorite eteamer. under command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charmlnr islands of the
Eouth Sea» have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring SO to 4» days, but the. time of new
steamship service will be 10H days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rate at 643
Market street. •
The Australia for Tahiti.
Geffeaey's Passes Having Failed,
They Will Now Try to Succeed
by Another Scheme.
E. B. Salomon filed in the United States
Immigration Bureau yesterday an appeal
from the decision of Commissioner North
ordering the deportation of Sui Xishida,
Sono Mahuda and Komo Miyakawa, Jap
anese women who are believed to have
been imported for immoral purposes.
These are the women whom Japanese
Interpreter Charles Geffeney and Attorney
Robert Lyons attempted to land from the
America Maru last Monday with three
passes of the Immigration Bureau signed
Ly Immigration Inspector A. H. Geffeney.
a' brother of Charles. The conspiracy was
frustrated by the vigilance of Customs
Inspectors Frank Barry and W. J. Hen
dricks. who refused to allow the women
to land, the inspectors having been pre
viously instructed by Customs Surveyor
Spear to hold them until released by an
immigration inspector in person.
Inspector A. H. Geffeney has failed to
explain how the passes fell into the hands
of his brother and Attorney Lyons. He
5aid on Monday that he did not know how
it happened, that he usually 6igned the
passes in blank and that he may have lost
or mislaid the thre« in question. He left
the office yesterdav morning at five min
utes after 9 o'clock, saying that he was
coing to his home in Fruitvale to attend
his wife, who was very sick. Commis
sioner Hart II- North is sick in bed in
Oakland, and his deputy. Captain Schell,
was summoned thither yesterday for a
conference.
Charles Geffeney has made a statement
that the passes were shown him by Lyons,
•who informed him that he had received
them from a Japanese named Nakada, a
hanger-on around the office of the Immi
gration Bureau. Mr. Geffeney made other
statements very damaging to his brother,
the Inspector, if true, but Charles was
very much under the influence of liquor
or an opiate at the time. A. H. Geffeney
says that his brother is hardly responsi
ble for what he says and that his mental
condition is not normal.
APPEAL IS TAKEN
BY JAPANESE SLAVES
THE sensational affidavit of John
M. Chretien accusing "Doc" Ed
ward Weatherly of having pro
duced the bogus heir to the Sulli
van estate has created marked in
terest among the police, attorneys, de
fendants and others interested in or con
nected with the scandalous case. Chretien
repeats that the" sworn statements are
absolutely the truth, but the police are
inclined to believe that he Is going as far
as.he dares to assist Fred Hansted. alias
"Young Dutchy," out of the serious pre
dicament into which he has thrown him
self. There is much to indicate, however,
that W'eatherly was deeply involved in
the conspiracy which has resulted so dis
astrously to those who schemed to rob
the dead and cheat the State.
"vTeatherly was constantly in the com
pany of Hansted and Chretien. The duties
of the scheming "Doc" as an attache of
a racetrack association and vagrant race
contributor to an evening sheet did not
interfere with his close relations with the
members of the probate ring. He was
with them counseling, suggesting and
urging. That he knew the character of
the scheme to rob the dead there Is no
question, and much plausibility attaches
therefore to the sworn statement of Chre
tien that the resourceful "Doc" "Weather
ly produced the heir whom all of the con-
Attorney General Enters the Case and
Hansted Wants Vengeance.
Cook says he will not make the first
move in the leffal proceedings to determine
whether the Justices shall hold for two
or four years. He will pimply refuse to
give up his office and compel the can
didate elected to commence quo war
ranto proceedings. He believes the point
should be settled one way or the other by
the court. It is not known whether the
four other Justices will etand by Justice
Cook. Judge Barry is the only one who is
not a nominee and refuses to be a party
to the scheme. Judges Dunn, Groezineer
and Kerrigan are candidates, the two
former for Justices and the latter for Su
perior Judge. They all disavow that they
will participate in any attempt, should
they be defeated, to keep their successors
out of office. Cook is the only one who
openly announces his intention to do so.
Justice Cook contends that ae he was
elected at the f?rae time as the Governor
he goes out of office with the State's chief
executive. He holds the charter provision
which says that "Justices of the Peace
phall he elected for two years and at the
same time as members of the Legislature
are elected** to be null in face of the act
of IS97.
All elective county an4 township officers and
City Jurtlces of the Peace, except a» other
wise provided in this act. shall be elected at
the genersJ election at which the Governor la
elected and shall take office at 12 o"clock mer
idian on the first Monday after the first day of
January next Fucceetitng their election.
Justice of the Peace Cook announced
yesterday that In the event of his defeat
for the office for which he Is a candidate
on the Citizens' Republican ticket he will
not give up his tenure thereof to either of
the five successful candidates. Cook will
follow out the euggrestlon of City Attor
ney Lane -who. in his recent opinion di
recting the Registrar to place the names
of the candidates for Justice of the Peace
on the general ticket, etated that he was
not prepared to agree that the said offl
cial& were elected for a term of four
years. Lane recognized the importance,
however, of settling a disputed point and
eugeeeted that the matter be tested in
court. Cook will base his course in ho'.d
ir.g on to the office upon section 58 of the
act of 1K?7, which reads:
Should He Be I>efea.ted This Elec
tion He Will Compel His Suc
cessor to Bring Legal
Justice of the Peace Claims
He Was Elected for
Four Years.
COOK SAYS HE
WILL NOT GIVE
UP HIS OFFICE
POLICE ARE LOOKING
FOR WEATHERLY'S TRAIL
mittee recommended that Miss M. J.
Canham be retired from active service ad
a teacher upon such annuity as h'er
twenty-eight years of service entitle her
to. • '
Leaves of abserfce were granted to Mis.<
S. K. Kelly, one year; Miss Harriet Mc-
Afee, one month: L. 11. Shelley, ono
month.
The Irregularity of the attendance of the
boys of the upper class of the Irving School
was noted as a detrimental feature. In a
separate school thorough schooling could be
given to irregular attendants for the time at
tended and the Incumbrance of classes be thus
avoided. If an effective law should be adopted
by the Legislature, securing for children their
educational rights, a school of this character
wou!d become a necessity. I have repeatedly
recommended the establishment of such a
school and I repeat my recommendation, trust
ing that the Board of Education will appreci
ate the necessity for the presence of such a
school and be" able to secure an appropriation
for Its establishment and maintenance next
year.
- The Lincoln Evening School, under the direc
tion of Principal A. II. MacDonald, is the larg
est evening school as to classes reported from
any city In the Union. Notwithstanding the
added ' responsibilities the principal has been
deprived of the much needed aid of his vice
principal. Mr. Plunkett, the latter having been
placed in charge of a class. I would recom
mend that the vice principal o? the Lincoln
Evening School be relieved from the teaching
of a class that he may aid the principal direct
ly. In office work and discipline no that the
supervision of the school may be more effec
tively attended to by the principal. Mr. Mac-
Honald is obliged to accert the constant at
tendance of his wife In the office work of the
school.
The resolution fixing Mrs. de Toe's
salary at $130 for the month of September,
she having served as cooking teacher dur
ing August without pay, was rescinded.
Mrs. de Yoe was thereupon appointed a
special teacher in cooking at a salary
of $71 50 per month, dating from Septern
ber 8, 1900.
The request of the Civil Service Com
mission that forty desks In the Girls'
High School be assigned to its use was re
ferred to Director Casserly.
The secretary of the retirement com-
In the Broadway Grammar School teachers
are endeavoring to their uttermost to comply
with all that Is required In the course of
study. One teacher found It necessary to ex
pend $12 for books* recommended to teachers.
This would ruggest that It would be well for
the department to furnish teachers' desks with
bc/oks which the course of study expects them
to use. In the eighth grade fifty-five pupils
were enrolled with fifty-three seats, one of
which was broken. Recitation benches are
wanted In this room. Fifty-three pupils are
enrolled in another room with fifty-three High
School desks, in place of which good intermedi
ate desks are desired.
At the Dudley Stone Primary School 42S
pvpils were found enrolled In eight classes. The
principal teaches In the different classes where
assistance Is needed the most. The Dudley
Stone and the Crocker schools are located In
a populous' and rapidly growing district, yet
there are fewer accommodations at these
schools now thai; there were two years ago.
with the result that parents have applied for
the admission of their children, but have not
been accommodated. »
The Crocker Grammar School has enrolled
725 pupils with thirteen teachers, an average
of over fifty-live pupils to the teacher. In this
crowded condition teachers cannot do the work
In the time allowed by the course. Recitations
In any particular subject can only be conduct
ed daily with a part of the class. The result
is that the work Is not satisfactory to the
teachers nor by any means to the best interest
of the pupils. This school betn^ so crowded
the principal does not teach any one subject,
but gives his time to the different classes so
as to assist those teachers who have the larg
est number of pupils to Instruct.
Superintendent of Schools Webster yes
terday directed the attention of the
Board of Education to the fact that three
teachers had been Irregularly assigned to
the substitute list. He stated that in plac
ing Miss M. F. Mooney and Miss Lucillo
O'Connell on that list a rule passed by
the last board had not been compiled
with. This rule provides that experience
in evening school service shall be regard
ed as one-half of -..similar experience
gained in day school work in determining
the average date of appointment. This
would change the date of appointment ot
Miss Mooney, who was elected as an
evening teacher and afterward trans
ferred to day service, from January 26,
1S98, to November 26, 1S98, and put her
last on the day unassl«ned list. For simi
lar reasons Miss Lucille O'Connell's av
erage date of appointment should be Feb
ruary 26, 1S98, Instead of June 9, 18a?.
which would place her number 9 on the
unasslgned list lnstearl of 8 on the substi
tute list.
Again, Mrs. Miel, who is ninth on tha
substitute list, was elected a teacher of
sewing on July 28. 1897. Webster stated
that Mrs. Mlel was not certificated with
a primary certificate until September.
1S98, and she had no right to be regarded
as a regular teacher before that date.
Mrs. Miel should then be number 27 on th3
day unassigned list. The three teachers
who have thus been excluded from the
substitute list by reason of the irregu
larity are Miss M. Nolan. Miss M. A.
Wright and Miss R. Stack. They and Mls=
E. Cleary, all elected into the depart
ment on February 23, 1898, regis
tered complaints with Superintendent
Webster, who stated that they have a just
grievance. The fact that substitutes arc
paid $1 a day for reporting and J2 50 when
employed makes the irregularity of as
signing substitutes all the more appar
ent. »The board appeared ignorant of tho
rule quoted by Websteri» but promised to
take the matter under advisement.
An interesting document before the
meeting yesterday was a report read by
Superintendent Webster in which he con
tended that the board had not yet done
all that is necessary to relieve the con
gested attendance in the public schools.
He called attention to specific cases wheio
the enrollment Is In excess of tifty-flve
pupils, the limit fixed by the board. The
report follows:
Superintendent Reports on Over
crowded Condition of Rooms in
Several Schools and "Urges
Immediate Belief.
Webster Directs the Board's
Attention to Three
Violations.
ASSIGNMENTS
OF SUBSTITUTES
ARE IRREGULAR
- Spear street, between Harrison and Bry
ant, which has been In an almost im
passable condition for some time, ha;
been replanked at a cost of $800 by th<
Draymen's and - Teamsters' Union.; Th<
union exhausted every, means to have thi
Board of Public Works- repair, the block
and falling, proceeded to have the worl
done at. its own expense.
Teamstets Pay for Street Work.
A very ' interesting lecture apropos 01
conditions in the Far East will be giver
on Thursday, October 26, at T. M. C. ;A
Hall, by Ho Yow.Chlnese Consul Genera
In this city; The lecture Is entitled "th<
Education and Industry of China," anc
will be given for the benefit of. the Wo
men's Educational and Industrial Unloi
of San Francisco.
Ho Yow to/ Lecture.
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor lc
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby. - saving in the transfer of their
baggage; our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery, 408 Taylor street and
650 Market street. . •
"I don't care if he never comes back,"
she remarked, "but I want the money
he took from me. Our domestic affairs
were always happy. until about a month
ago," when he threatened to desert me.
I paid little attention to the threat at
the time, thinking that he was only Jok
ing and wanted to frighten me. Last Sat
urday he . returned home shortly before
dusk and, after roundly abusing me,
struck me a number of times, finally
knocking me senseless. , When I came to
eome time later. I found that he had
broken open a trunk in which I had placed
the savings of . several months and ap
propriated the money. I don't want to
see. him again, but I am determined that
he. . shall . support our. children, one of
whom is:on)y. 2 years old." ¦
i A friend of Mrs. Butterman named Sa
die Nupof went before Judge Cabaniss
and swore to a complaint charging the
unnatural father with falling to provide
for his minor children. To-day Captain
Seymour will communicate with the po
lice of Chicago -with a view of • forcing
Butterman to provide for his babies.
Yesterday Mrs. Butterman, who Is the
mother of four children, visited police
headquarters and enlisted the* services of
Captain of Detectives Seymour to recover
the money her husband had stolen from
her.
Joseph Butterman, who formerly lived
at 220 Langton street, is being sought for
by the police. Several days ago, after
severely beating his wife, he robbed her
of all the money phe had. amounting to
$160. and then fled to Chicago, where he is
now supposed to be.
Mrs. Jo3cph Butterman
Seeks Arrest of Her
Brutal Husband
BEST HIS WIFE
AND ROBBED HER
spirators knew to be an Impostor.
The publication in The Call yesterday
of Chretien's affidavit set the Police De
partment In Immediate action. Chief of
Detectives Seymour had been Informed
that Mrs. Weatherly was still in the city.
As a matter of fact he was under the im
pression that he had seen her himself.
He detailed a detective therefore to find
her and bring her to police headquarters.
The mission was fruitless, as Mrs. Weath
; erly is not in San Francisco. The detec
tive was told by the landlady at whose
house the Weatherlys formerly lived that
Mrs. Weatherly had left about two weeks
apo and had not been seen since. It was
supposed, however, that she had gone to
Chicago. As far as any one in this city
knows, "Doc" WeatheYly has gone to
London, where It is said he has relatives
of some standing.
The police will take no further action in
connection with the matter, nor is it likely
that the Grand Jury will do so. Chretien's
unsupported allegation that Weatherly
was the man who presented an impostor
as a rightful heir is not considered suffi
cient evidence upon which to base an in
dictment. Nor will there be any police
action in connection with Hansted's ac
cusation that "Weatherly has robbed him
of several thousand dollars, papers and
wearing apparel. "Young Dutchy" has
sworn to no complaint against "Doc"
Weatherly, and it will be only by such a
complaint that police machinery can be
6et in motion.
"Young Dutchy" says, however, that he
will have satisfaction upon Weatherly
even If he has to go to London to get it.
While "Young Dutchy" Is admitted to be
In such matter a man of his word, the in
teresting fact remains that he has a
pressing engagement to remain for a
period In the County Jail. After he has
had his seance with the criminal court he
may find an opportunity to cross the
ocean and take vengeance upon the elu
sive "Doc," •
"Young Dutchy" went through the for
mality yesterday of being arrested and
charged again. He was taken from the
County Jail to the City Prison and
charged upon the new indictment filed by
the Grand Jury. When this formality
had been concluded he was taken before
Chief of Detectives John Seymour and
told his story of how he says Weatherly
robbed him. His recital to Captain Sey
mour differed in no particular from that
published yesterday }n The Call. He seeks
to censure the officers of the County Jail
for not letting him out to look after his
properly, but his Idea of his personal
privileges and that held by the officers
differ very materially. It is likely that
when "Young Dutchy" is tried Chretien
will be his most Important witness.
There Is a slight indication that the Bar
Association is awakening .to a sense of
Its duty in reference to James Taylor
Rogers, the lawyer who was so notorious
ly connected with the Sullivan estate. It
is said that the association at its next
meeting will consider the recommenda
tion of the Grand Jury to Institute dis
barment proceedings against Rogers. De
cent public opinion has demanded such a
step for months. Laymen and lawyers
alike have Insisted that the Bar Associa
tion was staining Its own character by
doing nothing, but criticism and censure
have been alike without avail. It is en
couraging, therefore, that the .Bar, Asso
ciation will at least discuss the question
whether or not Rogers is a. fit man to
practice In the. courts of this State.
While lawyers and defendants are busy
in the criminal courts and in -the prison
Attorney General Ford is preparing to
take a step which will have the property
of Joseph Sullivan escheat to the State.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1900.
12
first floor — first aisle.
roller towelinjr. 17 inches wide — all linen — heavy quality — re<i*bor-
der — the I2}4c grade for. per yard 0 l-!2c
60 dozen Turkish towels, unbleached — size 19x42 inches — heavy
quality — each '. lie
600 sheets — bleached — double bed size — two inch hem — crood qual-
three strong items
from the domestic section
(OM Number n Stockton St.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 6522.
39 STOCKiON ST.. near Market.
Gallon $3
Best known brand.
Of finest quality.
Regularly $1 00 and \\ 00.
Soups, gaSSa. 3 cans 25c
Chicken, Oxtail. Mock Turtle. Mulllgra-
tawney, Vegetable. Tomato. Julienne,
Consomme, etc.
Made from best Ingredients.
Regularly 10c a can.
Key West Cigars, each 5c
"Perla de Santiago" Box of CO, $2.25
Exceptional good value
In clear Havana goods.
"Worth double the price.
Country 0rder3 Solicited — Catalogue Fraa.
SOME OF THE GREATEST BAR-
GAINS EVER KNOWN IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO. OUR LIST BELOW WILL. ES-
PECIALLY APPEAL TO THOSE WHO
LOVE TIIE GOOD THINGS OF LIFE.
Creamery Butter, lb. .25c
Regularly 30c.
Lunch Tongue, 1-11) can. .25c
Recularly.30c. .
Tomato Catsup, pint tot. .15c
Ideal brand— best and purest.
Regularly 20c.
Martell Bandy, *. ..$1.30
J.iF.Marten. ' *** * X * Q
Regularly $1 55 and Jl 90.
Figs, lb 10c. 3 for 25c
Choice new California White- Figs-
ribbon tied.
Regularly 2 lbs for 25c.
0 K Whiskey, tot 75c, 3 tots $2
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
SPECIAL SALE!
s^-'iJS^ Mermen's borated talcum powder — higher in price
fe^^^J^i the others, but a reason for it — 25c box for...l5«r
|n BsS^i vi °l e t borated talcum powder— a really srood article
Hfess^ — worth 12c — for 5c
jfrAYJf.^Jft! English feather powder for the complexion— rearu-
NfpfS ioc size for 3c
*¦! <•' '-"¦&$1i Benjamin Levy La Blache face powder 23c
• violet almond meal— used in place of soap and
f *22^.-> especially recommended for the complexion— the .iqc
JJJwjOig size for 25«
sta^=* c **^ castile' soap — genuine French olive oil soap — i l A lbs
25 CEIltS — regular 25c bars for • • • • *^* e
fancy soaps for the'toilet and bath — assorted odors /^r^^y,
—regular 8c to ioc per cake Roods for •"»«* *^$g$gjj&
cuticura soap — the genuine 1 »*c Wfejf&H^
robe FtMfew
perfumery — all the leading odors in the celebrated M&S2&v£»
Tappan coods — the 40c quality for, per ounce iI5e /Hf/Cs&f^
fiorida water — large bottles— worth 40c — for...iI3c :^T2Lf"Jjy
Coke's dandruff cure — an article too well and fa- jijIptiMr}/
vorablv known to need praise — sold at the reduced price gab* -^f
of. per bottle. S5« |p5S£y
bulb syringe with two hard rubber tubes — worth '* < €I£fc^
50c : 25c 5 cet t s
the
six
o'clock
store.
we want to impress you with the scope and worth of
our toilet section — we want you to know it is not a
miscellaneous collection but carefully selected lines,- and
that few things of actual merit have been omitted.
we want you to watch our prices — probably after all
they will the most impress you.
first floor — just as you enter—
sale of articles
for the toilet
St0r6. *=t GOOO&^S^
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad of America, la now op«a (or ti»«
winter seaaon. Addraaa C. T. ROM IK. PaxaUaa
EprtDo. cal.
WINTER RESORTS.
Chicago Tailoring- Co. have removed from 1S1
Market st. to 113 Grant ave. |1 a week. •
i Fop family use Jesse Moore "AA" whlski
Is a prime ' favorite, 1 and In thousands of homi
It Is always ' on ' the buffet. . '
1212-1214 MARKET STREET,
•" BETWEEN TAYLOR AND JONES. '
: ' Our Children's Cloaks. Dresses and
Head wear Departments ¦ . art offering some
wonderful values. ¦ v
all sizes; sold everywhere
25c. ; . .
49° for WOOL; MIXED
. VESTS; all colors; regular
73 C for NATURAL WOOL
VESTS; all sizes; . regular
price $1.00. ; .' '
95° for ALL-WOOL: VESTS,
in Pink, Blue or White; sold
everywhere at $1.50.
2^ for CHILDREN'S DER-
BY RIBBED VESTS or
PANTS; all sizes;, regular
; price from 25c to 50c each.
$3.65 for SILK WAISTS; made
of best quality Taffeta, ef-
fectively trimmed; all col-
cfrs; sold everywhere at
$5-5O- , ; •-:
49° for WOMEN'S FLAN-
NELETTE GOWNS,; cut
full, extra long; regular
price 75c.
$1.45 for WOMEN'S WAISTS,
made of all-wool French fin-
ished flannel, trimmed with
braid, waist and .sleeves
lined, sizes, 32 to 44; sold
everywhere at; $2.25.
19C for WINTER WEIGHT
LONG SLEEVE VESTS;
KNIT UNDERWEAR SALE.
LAST THREE DAYS' OF WOMEN'S
Hale's.
Eale's.
ity — each 45c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Big Sale.
Cutlery
Knives and Forks
Coco Handles set , 40 cts
IJonc Ilaiulles set 80 ct9
Ebony Handles. ...set So cts
Knives Only
Best Done Handles, dot 82.40
Beat iiubber Handles, doz ...
»2.89
Best Celluloid Handles, dos..
S3.2«
Bent Ivory Handles, doz SS.f'O
CnrvliiK Sets, Staff Handles.
net Sl.OO
Carving Set, Ivory Handles,
set 4I2.8O
natcner Knife 2O cts
Kltclien Knife Sets
We are Cutting: Prices
all to Pieces During Our
~ Big; Clearance Sale.
Great American Janiortiic Tea P-*
no Grant are., bet. Butter and Po«t sta.
8S1 Market st.. opp. Powell.
C* Market st.. Junction California.
' OUU BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
PAINLESS
DENTISTRY !
, 2»enlng:a until 9. Sundays all *
, «ay. • ?
, , Full Sat of Teeth, pain- A
lega extractions tree. .ft4.OO as I
'Gold Crowns. M-lc $3J>t> up T
1 Fillings U5o up f
1 Teeth Without Plates Our ?
1 Specialty. We give gas. 4
"VAN VROOM,"
tOOt MARKET,
SIXTH and MARKET.
...F-OR...
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK H. KERRIGAN,
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
DR.MQOTLTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND BF.LIABLE OLD
.». Specialist cure* Blood Polaon.Oonorrhcem.OIert,
,, T } c } a ZT' Seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Boofc on Di»eases of Men, free.
P T " 20 ,7' a / !l> *P*' r tenee.Term»i reasonable. Hours
8tO3daJly ;8:30 to 3. Tout's*. Rundaysi.lO toll Consol-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call ©raddress
' '.-'P. ROHCOB M«XUITY, M. D.
«O>| Kearny St., Saa Francisco, CtL
We are selling Oak
Cribs this OQ nfl
week for... 00. UU
Pretty Low Price, Isn't It?
A large orcler nf
Art Sauares of all
descriptions has been
received and awaits
inspection. ;
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc..
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Phone South 14. Above 6th. Saa Francisco.
• *A Coming Event.
The Leon
Opens Next
Monday.
Beautiful New Store, Beauti-
ful' New Millinery, and the
lowest prices San Francisco
women Have ever seen. You
can't afford to buy Millinery
this week if you can possibly
wait for the opening of •
The Leon Millinery Co.
943 Market Street,
Cue of Bale's old stores.
Everybody in your house-
hold appreciates music— especi-
ally sweet, homelike music as
played by the
Regina
Music Box
If you owned a Regina you
I could have music for dancing or
for entertaining a party of
; friends at a home gathering.
The Regina is the most sim-
ple of all music-boxes, plays
tunes by the thousands, using
I interchangeable steel sheets;
has a noiseless winding arrange-
ment^ runs thirty minutes with
one winding; is made of solid,
elegantly finished wood, and
with reasonable care will last
a lifetime.
Prices $7 to $350. If you
cannot visit the Regina room of
Sherman, Clay & Co. send for
descriptive illustrated catalogue,
which tells all about the Re-
gina Music Boxes. All mail or-
| ders carefully filled.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Stelnway Piano Dea'ers,
Cor. Kearay and Sutler it*., B. F.
Cor. Uth end Broad war, OaVland." "
Cor. Srd and Morrison ate.. Portland.
711 Second ave., Seattle.