T"IE Grand Duke Vladlmlr-Alexandrovltch, who in all probability will be
Ilcgent in the event of the death of Nicholas II before the birth of an
expected heir, is one of the most popular members of the Russian reign-*
Ing family, and is the eldest: surviving brother of the late Czar Alexander.
Vladimir was born at St. Petersburg In April. 1S47. In 1S74 he was mar
ried to Marie Paulovna of Mecklenburg-Schwerln. an aunt of the young Duke who
is affianced to Queen Wilhelmina of Holland.
In the event of the Czar's death and the birth of a posthumous son the re
gency of the Grand Duke Vladimir will be a long one. In the other event, that
the fourth child is a Princess, the regent would forthwith give way to his nephew,
the hereditary Grand Duke Michael, the Ru3sian law of succession precluding
females from the throne, except in the case of the absence of any male of the
11ns.
Will Visit Canada.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— The Duke and
Duchess of York, according to the Daily
Man. have definitely decided to visit
Canada.
King Leopold of Belgium Agrees to
Readjustment in Favor of
Germany.
LONDON, Nov. 20.— It is learned from
an official of a foreign embassy here that.
In return for the support given by Ger
many to Belgium in obtaining for the lat
ter a settlement at Tientsin, consisting of
a strip of land on the left bank of the
Peiho, King Leopold, as sovereign of the
Congo Free State, has agreed to the recti
fication of the frontier of Lake Kivu, be
tween German East Africa and the Congo
Free State, thus terminating a boundary
dispute.
BOUNDARY DISPUTE IS
SETTLED IN EAST AFBICA
ship Kentucky will remain at that port
only five days. If the Sultan shows a dis
position to meet the demands for the pay
ment of the American missionary claims,
the Kentucky will sail for Port Said, en
route to China, on December 2. Otherwise
It is possible she may remain until the
arrival of the Dixie, a few days later.
Foreign diplomats here display consid
erable Interest in the Kentucky's visit
but they apparently do not believe it will
be fruitful of result.
Battleship Will Probably Remain but
Five Days at the Port of
Turkey's Sultan.
WASHINGTON.' Nov. 20.— Unless cir
cumstances show the advisability of re
taining her longer at Smyrna, the battle-
KENTUCKY MAY NOT
STAY LONG AT SMYRNA
¦ "Every one desires to end the situation.
No one will think of diminishing the
strength of our forces in China until the
conflict ends. The Chamber may rest as.
sured that the Government will neglect
nothing to conclude it quickly. But it
needs the confidence of the Chamber."
-Continuing, M. Delcasse traced the sub
mission of the French note as the basis
of the negotiations and said it was neces
sary to obtain a guarantee for the future
against some deeds or attempts. The
Foreign Minister then said:
China. Special claims must be shunned.
It Is necessary to inspire ideas for the
general • benefit."
"The eight powers have met in an at
tempt to reconcile their interests and
claims, all of them wishing. to respect tbe
integrity and even the Independence' of
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. Del
casse, explained at length ihe origin of
the force necessary to relieve the for
eign legations at Peking. In bo doing
he referred to the heroism displayed In
the defense of the legations and declared
the accusations of cruelty against the
French and international troops were un
founded. He added:
M. Lucien Millevoye, Nationalist, said
he considered it necessary to maintain a
large expeditionary force in China.
PARIS. Nov. 2O.-The debate on the
budget for the Minstry of Foreign Affairs
was continued in the Chamber of Depu
ties to-day. M. Denys Cochin, Conser
vative, during the course of a speech, pro
nounced himself in favor of upholding the
honor of France and of the French troops
in China.
Until the Conflict Ends.
Will Not Diminish Forces in China
FRANCE'S STAND UPHELD.
"The column under Colonel York ar
xlved twenty-five kilometers south of
Hsuenkwa-Fu November 17. On return
ing Colonel York will establish communi
cation with Major Muhlenfels."
"A detachment consisting of two com
panies of infantry, a force of mounted
men and two guns under the command of
Major Muhlenfels has been dispatched,
with orders to push on to the great wall.
BERLIN. Nov. 20.— The War Office has
received the following telegram from
Count von Waldersee: ' :
Expedition. -
German Troops Sent Forth on a New
"I accept Ihe full responsibility for
them. The speech at Bremcrbaven was
extemporaneous, delivered at a time when
It was nssumefi that all Europeans in Pe
king had been murdered. ,It was natural,
under such circumstances, that the Kaiser
Ehould have tpoken as a soldier and not
ts a diplomat."
TO PROCEED TO GREAT WALL.
Referring to Herr Richter's criticism of
Emperor William's speeches, Count von
Bulow remarked:
I am one of those who saw very serious
and important reasons for«summoning it."
the points named. It appears that nineteen
lives were lost and the destruction of
property was also heavy.
It Is believed that in the cyclone's path
between the towns heard from numerous
farmhouses and interior communities of
more or less considerable population were
struck, and these being cut off from the
outside world, were unable to give notice
of their distress. Accompanying the.tor
nado was a rain storm of terrific propor
tions.
The dead at Lagrange so far as known"
follow :
WALTER I. MOODY, assistant mana
ger of the Panky & Gaither Plow Manu
facturing Company. ... ...
WIFE OF BROWN MAY. colored.
NEGRO WOMAN; unknown.
CONFIRMS REPORT OF .
* GROUNDING. OF INDIANA
Colonel Miller at Manila Cables the
Chief Quartermaster That the
Ship Is* Not Damaged.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— Quartermas
ter General Ludlngton, received a cable
dispatch to-day from Colonel Miller, chief
quartermaster at Manila, confirming the
press report of the grounding of the
transport Indiana on the east side of the
Isla de Polilo. one of the smaller islands
of the Philippine group, east of Luzon.
Colonel Miller's dispatch follows:
"Indiana aground November 7. She is
leported as not damaged. Charles D.
Palmer, quartermaster, with transport
Pennsylvania and a lighter draught ves
sel, left Manila Sunday in order to re
lieve her. Nothing more necessary-"
When the Indiana ran aground she was
loaded with supplies and a company of
the Twenty-second Infantry detailed to
act as a garrison at Baler.
ACCIDENTALLY KILLS
HIMSELF WITH A GUN
Untimely Death of Will H. Brady,
Grandson of General Hugh.
.Brady of Michigan.
DETROIT, Nov. 20.— Will H. Brady, a
prominent young business . man of this
city, killed himself to-day with a shotgun.
He was preptrlng for a hunting trip and
had risen early to pack his trunk. When
the fatal shot aroused his wife, she rushed
Into the room in which Mr. Brady stored
his "guns and hunting equipment and
found him dead before the open trunk. It
is supposed that while handling his gun
the trigger caught on something and ex
ploded the charge. He was a grandson of
General Hugh Brady, who waa a promi
nent figure in the early history of Michi
gan.
FIGHTING A BATTLE
WHICH HE CANNOT WIN
Though Senator Davis Is Somewhat
Stronger, Physicians Hold Out
No Hope for Recovery.
ST. PAUL.. Minn.. Nov. 20.— A quiet day
was passed by Senator Davis, his condi
tion this evening being reported un
changed. > At Senator Davis* house It was
stated tbat tbe physicians had reported
their patient as being stronger than for
the last two days. The delirium continues
and that is his worst symptom. The res
piration la eight above normal and the
temperature slightly higher than yester
day. The pulse is exactly as it was yes
terday afternoon. Food and tonic were
taken In the usual quantities to-day.
While at times his friends ars encouraged
to believe that with the help of nature
he has conquered the destructive agency
in his blood, a little later they are com
pelled to believe that Senator Davis la
fighting a battle which he cannot win.
GRANGE TO MEET IN
PORTLAND, ME., NEXT YEAS
Resolution Adopted Favoring Tele-
graphic Crop System by Agri
cultural Department.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2a — Portland.
Me., was selected by the National Grange.
Patrons of Husbandry, to-day for holding
the next annual convention. The grange
adopted a resolution setting apart the
third Sunday in June to be observed by
members of the organization throughout
the country as a grange memorial day.
The extension of the rural free delivery
malls, the establishment of postal saving.?
banks and the popular election of Sena
tors were unanimously indorsed.
Resolutions were adopted favoring the
creation by the Agricultural Department
of a telegraphic crop system. Secretary
Wilson will address the convention to
morrow.
ALLEGATIONS AGAINST
SWEIGARD DISREGARDED
tJnited States Grand Jury Takes No
.. Cognisance of Charges Made by
Railway Brotherhood.
' PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 20.— The United
States Grand Jury to-day ignored the
bills of indictment against Isaac A. Swel
gard^.'ormer-superintendent cf the Phila
delphia -and Reading Company, who was
chaiged by the Brotherhood of Railroad
Trainmen with having discharged em
ployes of the Reading Company because
they were members of the b-otherhood.
The offense alleged constituted a viola
tion of the act of Congress of June 1,
1S98. . and . the charge was made by the
president of the brotherhood, Valentine
Fitzpatrick, whose headquarters are at
Cleveland.
REPORTED BATTLE BETWEEN
BRITISH AND THE BOERS
Rumor Prevalent in Service Clubs in
. London That De-wet's Forces
Are Engaged.
LONDON, Nov. 20.— There is a vague ru
mor in the service clubs this evening- that
a battle is in progress between the Boer
forces under General Dewet and the Brit
ish troops in South Africa.
Census Bureau Announcements.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 20.— The Census
Bureau officially announced to-day that
the population of Illinois was 4.S21.550, as
against 3,826,351 In 1S90, an Increase of
995,199 or 26 per cent. The population oJ
Rhode Island was announced to be 42S.
556. as against 345.506 in 1890. an lncreaso
of 83,050 or 24 per cent. The population of
the State of Florida is 52S.542. as against
391.422 in 1S90. This Is an increase of 137,120
or 35 per cent, ¦
Bids for Supplying Seeds.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2O.-The Depart
ment of Agriculture has advertised for
bids for furnishing seeds to the depart
ment for the usual distribution. Bids will
be opened in this city on December 12.
about three months earlier than the open
ing last year. The early date is a conces
sion to the Pacific Coast bidders in order
to give them an equal opportunity with
those having later crops.
To Explore Vast Gold Fields.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 20,— An Eng
lish syndicate with a capital of £1,000.000
hw Just secured a concession to exploit
the Perhena gold fields, which are 370 000
acres in extent, in the Amur region. The
syndicate will also be allowed to dredge
and excavate the streams. The Marquis
of Queensberry and Prince Holloway are
the beads of the syndicate.
"The Emperor passed a satisfactory day
yesterday. At 9 o'clock In the evening
the. patient's temperature was 102.2; pulse
80. His Majesty slept tranquilly until 3
o'clock In the morning. Subsequently his
rest was broken and perspiration ap
peared. This morning his condition was
LIVIDIA. Nov. 20.— The bulletin Issued
by the Czar's physician to-day is less
favorable. It says:
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 20.— The Min
isters have been entrusted with the con
duct of current business during the pres
ent phase of the Czar's illness, each of
them carrying on his department accord
ing to his personal Judgment, decisions on
Important matters being postponed for
the time being.
fairly satisfactory. Temperature 100.4,
pulse 70."
The bankers' property is worth $50,000
and there was J15.000 in cash deposits of
the bank. Four attempts were made to
get at the cash, but the side door held to
its combination, while the guards were
shooting at the citizens who pressed
closely in upon them. Dr. Buckley and
Guy Shoemaker, merchants, first upon the
DELAWARE, Nov. 20.— A dozen profes
sional bank robbers, all masked, made a
desperate attempt to secure the contents
cf the money vault of Sperry & Warn
steff's deposit bank at Ashley, ten mjles
north of here to-day, before daylight.
While nine stood on guard, holding the
citizens at bay with their guns, three
put dynamite under the deposit vault cf
the bricu building.
The gang left Morengo on a Big Four
freight at 1 o'clock, stole the horses and
rigs and reached Ashley shortly after 2
o'clock. They pried open the big doors
without being discovered, but the first ex
plosion of dynamite aroused the town.
The gang fired as they fled, but no one
was hurt.
scene, were met by the robbers at the
point of the gun and bade not to move.
The robbers stole a horse and spring
wagon and r black team and new surrey
from farmers near by. The rigs waited
in front of the bank for flight. The single
horse ran away, demolishing the vehicle
and the men who had occupied it took
across the country on foot. The damage
to the bank building, vault and other
property is about half Its value.
Russian Ministers Conduct Only Current
Business and Defer Important Matters.
CONDITION OF TH E CZAR
GROWS LESS FAVORABLE
TWELVE DA R ING RO B B E RS
RAID A COUNTRY BANK
Citizens of an Ohio Town Kept at Bay and
Attempts Made to Blow Up Vault.
[¦"•^v R- E. M. LIEBER, whose voice has been raised in the Reichstag in crit
\\ lcism of Emperor William's "no pardon" speech, is the leader of the
JJ Centrist party, which consists entirely of Catholics. It hold3 the bal
——^ ance of power between the Socialists and the Conservatives.
Dr. Lieber, entering Parliament at an early age, devoted his atten
tion entirely to political duties and soon rose to be the leader of the Centrists,
and through them has become one of the most powerful men in Germany. Dr.
Lieber has always been greatly interested In America and has maintained close
relations with the German Roman Catholic Central Society in the United States.
He visited this country In 1S9S and attended the German Catholic conventions at
Cincinnati, Pittsburg, Detroit and Milwaukee.
.The storm so completely Interrupted tel
egraphic .and telephone communication
that neither the origin or the ending of
it can be determined, to-night, nor, can" the
extent of the 'disaster be learned. From
meaner details obtainable, covering only
MEMPHIS, Nov. 21.— A tornado bound
ing through a narrow stretch of territory,
extending from a point three .miles north
of Lula, Miss., to Lagrange," Tenn.," caused
a heavy loss of life and property yester
day afternoon.
A freight train on the Nashville, Flor
ence and Shefflleld Railway was lifted
from the track, but as far as reported
none of the passengers or crew was in
jured.
The cyclone lasted for about five min
utes and its path extended one thousand
feet wide, which is clearly marked by
devastation. Many houses. Including'a
large number of negro cabins, were blown
down and many, others unroofed and oth
erwise damaged. The fencing surround
ing the United States arsenal was blown
away, but the building remains Intact.
CAPTAIN" A. F. ATDELETTB. WIFE
AND ONE SON: another son and daugh
ter missing.
MISS KATE FORSYTHE.
JAMES CHERRY, and six negroes,
names unknown.
MISSES FLORENCE AND EVELYN
FARRELL.
A terrific cyclone, moving in a westerly
and northwesterly . direction, struck this
place at 9:30 o'clock last night and left
havoc in Its path. The northern and
western sections of the city, which are
populated principally by negroes, were
almost entirely swept away. Fifteen per
sons are known to have been killed and it
Is feared that this number will be large
ly increased by later reports. The dead
are:
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Nov. 21.— A spe
cial to the Age-Herald by long-distance
telephone from Columbia. Tenn., says:
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Nov. 20.— A tornado
visited North Mississippi this afternoon,
causing loss of life and much property
damage. Reports from Lulu. Tuyca
County, state that three negroes were
killed, their bodies being carried a dis
tance of two miles by the wind. Many
outhouses were razed to the ground and
the damage cannot now be estimated.
The storm made Its* appearance shortly
after midday and swept everything in its
path. Eight residences and three churches
were destroyed. The damage to cotton
will be great.
The injured:
Edward Smith. Southern railway agent,
no* seriously.
W. C. MOODY.
TWO NEGRO WOMEN.
LAGRANGE. Tenn., Nov. 20.— A tornado
struck this town to-day, causing much
damage and -killing three persons out
right. The dead:
At Batesville. Miss., the tornado blow
away the roof of the Methodist church
and Injured several resident?. Ihe injured
at Batesville are Sterling Rogers. E. F.
Shipp, wife and two children, and Kiley
Robinson. At Guys Switch. John Guys,
the well-known planter, is reported killed.
The tornado struck the residence par
tion of the city, but there Its violence was
not so marked, though several residences
were unroofed. The Southern railroad
depot was valued at SSOOO. The total prop
erty loss at Lagrange is $100,000.
• The stores of the following were
wrecked: W. P. LIpscomb & Co., J. G.
McMlll & Co.. H. M. "McNamee. C. L.
Panky. G. W. Goodwin & Co.
At Lagrange the tornado struck at 3
o'clock and In two minutes It had done its
work. All of the Lagrange churches
except the Episcopal, were blown down.
The Southern depot was also wrecked
and a dozen business houses and resi
dences demolished. The store of Panky
& Galher was blown to pieces and the
body of Walter I. Moody was taken out.
He had been crushed to death by falling
timbers. Two negro women were also
killed and several negro women and chil
dren hurt. ¦ • ¦ . - ¦ ti'iitfr&t&'i--^^ •••'¦:
NASHVILLE. Tenn.. Nov. 20.— A tor
nado swept over West and
North Mississippi this afternoon and the
list of killed and injured so far ascer
tained is about 100. This number may be
greatly increased when the returns from
the farming districts come In.
Lagrange. Tenn'.. forty miles east of
Memphis on the Southern road, suffered
the severest. Other villages In Missis
sippi struck were Loves, Batesville, Guys
and Townsville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANY VILLAGES ARE RAZED
Residences and Churches Are Blown
to Pieces— Returns From Country
Districts Will Increase the
Horror.
Terrible Havoc Wrought in
Tennessee and North
Mississippi.
Victims Will Num
ber More Than
One Hundred.
GREAT LOSS
OF LIFE IN
A TORNADO
'•.Prince von Hohenlohe was much im
pressed by the article in the Frelssinnlge
Zeitung. which contended that it was ln
ai3visa.t>!e to assemble the Reichstag. I
am betraying no secret when I eay thai
"The createst mistake of our Chinese
policy." concluded Richter, "was afler
the Chino-Japanese war, when we Joined
with Russia and France in opposing
Japan."
His advice to the Kmperor to consult
his Ministers elicited much approval.
Count von Bulow. Imperial Chancellor,
replying to Herr Kichter. Bald:
Herr Richter declared the Radicals were
of the opinion after the assassination of
Baron von Ketteler that a military dem
onstration in China was absolutely neccs
pary. but the dispatch of an ironclad divi
sion was superfluous. He alluded during
the course of his remarks to the public
declarations of Emperor William, say
ing they were obviously Intended to influ
ence public opinion. Heir Richter added
that he thought that the Emperor should
r.rst have reached an understanding with
the competent Ministers regarding tha
Tenor ar.d wording of these declarations.
Politics and religion, lie continued, ought
not to have been mixed up as they had
been in the Emperor's speeches, becau&c
the effect was to spoil both.
BERLIN; Nov. 20.— The debate on the
Government's policy in China was contin
ued In the Reichstag to-day. Herr Has
seronann expressing gratification at the
Anglo-German agreement-
in His Declarations.
Declares William Has Been Too Bash
The latest American proposition was In
line with the Russian Idea of allowing
The Hague Commissioners % to adjust tha
indemnity. It is believed that this propo
rltion has never commended Itself to the
British or German Governments. Fall-
Ing such reference. It will be more diffl
cult for the Ministers at Peking to reach
an agreement on this subject, particular
ly In view of the existenct of a very
strong suspicion of the motives of some
of these Ministers.
KICHTZB SCORES THE KAISER.
The United States desires the punish
ment of the principal offenders in such
*'»'¦' as will serve as a warning to Chin
ffc in the future. It seeks reasonable in
demnity—one that China can pay— and It
wants the withdrawal of the international
troops. On none of ;h*>se points Is this
Government in accord with Great Britain
and Germany.
So far as our Government is advised,
the Ministers at Peking have not agreed
upon all points under discussion. Thev
are believed to be engaged now with the
difficult subjects of indemnities and
guarantees.
It is apparent to officials that the G*r
man Government will not be satisfied with
moderate punishment, such as would
meet the natural requirements of civili
zation, but Is determined to shed more
blood even though such action would
probably solidify the Chinese in their op
position to foreigners.
Gr*at Eritaln in connection with the pun
ishment of Boxer leaders. These reports
raid that the decree issued by the Chinese
Emperor, dated November 13. imposing
punishment on anti-foreign Prince* and
cJSclals had created a very bad Impression
in Berlin, and as Germany does not now
move without the sanction cf Great Bri
tain and vice versa, it Is presumed here
that the London Oovemment regrards the
decree in the same manner. The German
?government Is not satisfied with the pun
ishment administered; it believes it should
be more severe.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 20.— Events
are, according to the highest official au
thority, hurrying the United States to a
point where, in the interests of humanity
and a satisfactory solution of the Chin
ese question. It must withdraw from the
concert of nations. Fraught as such ac
tion Is with danger of complications, it
may be safer than to remain entangled in
the meshes of International jealousy that
threatens to engulf China. It is not in
tended by the administration to be hasty
:n adopting such course. Fair warning
will be given to the powers and if they
still persist In the policy calculated to
"'rive China to desperation, the only thing
>ft for the administration will be to en
:er into Independent negotiations* with the
imperial Government Such course would
undoubtedly be followed by Russia and
France, but the action of Great Britain,
Germany and Japan is problematical be
cause of their recent agreement. The
pessimistic view of the situation which
oxists in official circles followed the re
r*Mp* of information by tbe State. Depart- i
Stand of the Kaiser, Backed by Britain,
Certain to Lead to Further War
and Endanger Foreigners.
GERMANY CAUSES THE DISCORD
Does Not Sanction the Pol
icy ol Driving China
to Desperation.
To Withdraw From
the Concert o! the
Powers.
UNCLE SAM
LIKELY TO
ACT ALONE
WILL BE REGENT
IF NICHOLAS DIES
Grand Duke Vladimir Is Very Popular
With the Russians.
LEADS CENTRISTS
IN THE REICHSTAG
Herr Lieber Is a Great Political Power
in Germany.
DENVER. Colo.. Nov. 20.— Three men
were killed, three prohably fatally Injured
and one other more or less Injured In two
wrt*ka on the Denver and Rio Grand*
Railroad between 1 o'clock and 1:30 this
morning. The dead:
CHARLES SHAW. SaMda. brakenicn.
BERT BRASSWELL. Sallda, flrcmca.
UNKNOWN MAN.
Fatally Injured: R. J. Weaver, no home.
Injured: P. Ryan. Sallda. engineer: J.
D. Dow. Salida. brakeman: Louie Reed,
Salida. brakeman.
Freight train No. 70. engine No. 270. In
charge of Conductor F. H. Perkins and
Engineer P. Ryan, had Just passed
Graves, the summit of Marshall Pas?,
when the ergineer lost control of the
train. The airbrakes failed to work and
the light snow falling made the tracks
slippery and sand was useless. The Rio
Grande rails crawl In long, winding
sweeps with fifty curves up the moun
tains, to the summit of Marshall Pass.
11.000 feet above the sea. The grade rises
four, feet In one hundred.
Down this fearful Incline the train
whirled; safolng'-n^ia?ntunr witu- #%,so
second and whipping around curves at a
dizzy pace. Engineer Ryan stuck to the
throttle, trying In vain to save the train
from its certain destruction. It was ab
surd to pump, for the roadbed is blasted
out of solid rock and the decline Is so
steep that the mountain looks as If It was
terraced with tracks. A leap meant
death. In less than five minutes the crash
came. The train struck a reversed curve.
The locomotive leaped off the rails and
was thrown lengthwise across the track.
i Twelve cars loaded with coal and coke
dashing behind at seventy miles an hour
crashed Into the engine, burying It In a
second In a pile of wreckage thirty feet
high.
Charles Shaw, a brakeman. of Sallda.
was Instantly killed. When the engine
left the track Engineer Ryan was thrown
far to one side, but Fireman Brasswell
could not escape and went down with the
engine and beneath the dozen cars loadei
with coal and coke. Ryan was badly
bruised about the body, but will recover.
Dow and Reed were also caught in the
wreck and probably fatally hurt.
The three men were taken to Sallda. tha
injured men being placed in the com
pany's hospital. The wrecking- crew was
at work all day endeavoring to extricate
Brasswell from beneath the wreck, so
thoroughly had the cars wedged upon the
engine. Not until late to-night was the
wreck cleared and the body of Brasswell
reached.
A. freight train parted near MInturn.
about the time the runaway on Marshall
Pass occurred, and the two sections col
lided on a hill. In a car loaded with pipe
were R. J. Weaver and an unidentified
man. The car was up-ended by the collis
ion. Weaver was fatally crushed and the
unldentifled man was brained by a pipe.
The loss of the two wrecks is $123,000.
Engineer, Fireman and Other Hank
Remain at Their Posts Until
the Accident Occurs.
A FEARFUL VELOCITY ATTAINED
Prom tiie Summit of Mar
shall Pass Runaway
Train Descends.
Wiling Disasters in
WMcliTlireeMen
Meet Death.
CARS DASH
DOWN THE
MOUNTAIN
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 174.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEpNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1900.
PRICE FrVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.The attorneys for the defendant asked
for a nonsuit on the ground that it had
not been proved that on August 10, 1SDS,
Ryan and Mrs. Buelna entered into an
agreement to marry, nor had It been
shown that at the time the defendant
was an unmarried woman. The motion
was denied.
William Kennedy said he had known
Ryan a number of years. Tn July; 1*33,
Ryan came to him to rent a house for a
friend from Santa Cruz. Mrs. Buelna
shortly afterward occupied the house for
a short time.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 20.— The $15,000
breach of promise suit of Frances Buelna
against John Ryan, the wealthy Pajaro
Valley farmer. Is attracting many specta
tors to the Superior Court. The first wit
ness called this morning was the plaintiff,
whose cross-examination of yesterday
was continued. She said she told of her
engagement to Ryan to her sons and
daughter and a number of friends.
Was to Wed Fanner Ryan.
Mrs. Buelna Informed Friends She
TOLD OF HER ENGAGEMENT.
Bishops has decided to raise a K.OM.COO
thank offering for foreign missionary
work and the spread of thr r-osd?! to
heathen nations. The only dissenting
voice was that of Bishop Morrlll o' Chi
cago. He said he was opposed to the pro
ject, on the ground that he regarded It a3
one of the most stupendous blunders ev?r
undertaken In the history of the church.
Lieutenant Haesler Dead.
Lieutenant Francis Joy Haesler. L*. S.
N.. died at the Naval Hospital here to
day of typhoid fever. Lieutenant Haes
ler was eminent as an electrician and was
an expert In the application of compvssed
air In mechanics. In the battle f.f San
tiago, which resulted In the des'ruct'on
of Cervera's fleet. Lieutenant Hriesle
was in charge of the starboard turret of
the battleship Texas and earned h!?h
praise for the manner In which \u* guns
were served.
Californians in New York.
The following Californians are in New
York: From San Francisco— A. H. Crock
er, at Belvidere; F. Greenwood, at Im
perial: Mrs. J. B. Haire. at Sturtevant;
MrB. J. P. Le Count. Mrs. F. N. Martinez.
W. Newman, at Cadillac: A. H. Peck, at
Grand Union; G. Q. Williamson and wjfe,
at Imperial; Mrs. L. Bemlsse. at St.
Denis; R. G. Hanford. at Park Avenue;
W. J. Martin, at Hoffman: J. S. Oyster,
at Everett.
From Los Angeles — MIsa Lounsbury, at
Everett.
From San Jose— S. Pomeroy. M. Pom
eroy, at Grand Union.
Death Was Hastened
by Grief for Loss
ot His Wife.
Lost His Mind and
Finally Succumbed
to Paresis.
CHARLES H. HOYT,
PLAYWRIGHT, IS DEAD
AguJnaldo. It Is supposed, la in North
ern Luzon, according to Ptatr>Tnem.< mirte
by ex-rebel leaders now in Mar.lln.
MAMLA, Nov. SO.-Gfneral Macabolcs.
the former Filipino chi°f. b preparing to
start In pursuit of Asrutnaldo with H»
picked natives, supported by American
troops. Other ex-rebel Filipinos will bo
used in eampaisr.ins in the country The'r
offers have not b~?ri formally ma.ie vet.
but they are ready if the authorities "will
accept their services.
the Filipino Chief Is in
Northern Luzon.
«
Accordingto Latest Accounts
MACABOLOS LEADS
American Troops to
Be Aided by the
Rebels. \
PREPARING
TO PURSUE
AGUINALD0
n4 work* off the Cold. Laxative Bromo
uinine TaWeu cure a cold In one day. So
¦urej Xo Pay. Price Za cent*. •
Stops the Cough
BECOMES VIOLENTLY INSANE.
Agnews Asylum.
San Jose Woman Committed to the
SAN JOSE, Nov. 20.— Mrs. William C.
Vinter,' who resides with her husband at
Fifteenth and Julian, streets, becama vio
lently insane this ¦ morning 1 : and, : garbed
only in her night clothes, ran out - into
the rain. She had been suffering from
nervouBness for some time and was close
ly watched. She was ;found at the home
of her father, Abraham King, near ¦ by,
but_was so violent that it became neces
sary to summon the police to assist In
taking her home.
Mrs. Vlnter, who Is 37 years of age. re
cently gave birth to her fifth child nnd
her dementia followed the sickness. Her
mania is of an homicidal turn. This after
noon she was taken to Agnews Asylum
for treatment.
Fajls Bead in Court.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 20.— F. H. Kin
ney of this city fell dead in the Jury box
of the State Circuit Court to-day. "He had
Just been sworn as a Juror when he was
attacked by heart failure. -
p* After there has been' a general Inter
change of opinion on the proposed reduc
tion. It is quite likely that a subcommit
tee will be appointed to draft a measure
It Is riot believed the bill can be prepared
and ready for the full committee until the
session begins. Ths measure, after it is
agreed upon by the Republicans,' will be
submitted to the demands of the commlt-
It can be stated that it will be the aim
of the committee to abolish the most bur
densome taxes and. to grajpt relief from
stamp taxes as far as possible.
The committee late In the day called on
the President to obtain his views on tho
proposed reduction. The committee will
meet again to-morrow. •
Commissioner Wilson went over . the
schedules with the members of the com
mission and both he and Secretary Gage
were questioned as to where reductions
could be made to the best advantage from
the treasury view point. Considerable of.
the discussion was centered in schedule
B, which taxes medicinal and proprietary
articles, and preparations, perfumery
cosmetics, chewing gum, wines, etc. There
was also discussion of stamp taxes
The discussion indicated that the com
mittee favored quite a change in this
feature of the law, and reductions wher
ever possible. The committee also desires
to eliminate the taxes on conveyances on
which there has been a great deal of com
plaint.
Secretary Gage and Commissioner Wil
son of the Internal Revenue Bureau were
before the committee for some time dur
ing the afternoon. vThe Secretary told
the committee that In his opinion there
might be a reduction in revenues of $30
000,000. The war revenue act now ralqe'q
about $100,000,000.
No decision was reached as to the
amount of the reduction that Is to be
made. The session of the committee was
devoted mainly to a general discussion
and no agreement has been reached upon
any of the schedules.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 20.— The Repub
lican members of the Ways and Means
Committee met to-day to consider a meas
ure for the reduction of the war revenue
tax. The most important action taken
was a decision not to remove the tax of
10 cents a pound on tea. ! The committee
wiil not take up or disturb the tariff on
imports, as the members claim It would
open up the whole subject of tariff re
vision.
The committee will not grant any hear
ings while framing the bill, as full hear
ings were given during the last session
of Congress and since then, brief a and
statements of various Interests have been
received. Parties who are interested can
file briefs or statements with the com
mittee.
Republican Members of Ways
and Means Committee
in Session.
PUN TO LOWER
THE WAR TAX
The attachment garnishees whatever of
Brown's funds may be in the hands of
Thomas B. Collins and Edward Smith,
and they are made parties to IL Collins
is the reputed partner of Brown Inj the
Birchwood Distilling Company and Smith
was his partner In p. patent bicycle lump.
No action will be tifken against Paris C.
Eiown as bondsman for his son, since he
and his wife are 'taking steps to deliver
to the bank directors, or to the receiver,
portions of their tangible property. '
CINCINNATI. Nov. 20.— The first suit
bi ought in the case of the bank was in
stituted to-day by Receiver Tucker. It
vas in the nature of a blanket attachment
on all the. property of Frank M. Brown,
and Is to cover $20,000 of 4.he shortage.
This amount is alleged to have been taken
within the past twelve months, and In
cludes the lirst Items discovered In the
tnortage. The suit alleges that Brown, as
assistant cashier, fraudulently got posses
sion of the money and departed from the
State, with intent to defraud his creditors.
All that he Is known to possess will be
attached at once.
cover Some of the Money.
Receiver for the Bank Seeks to Re-
BROWN'S PROPERTY ATTACHED.
There have been air sorts of reports to
day about Brown having been seen at
Indianapolis, Fort Wayne and other
points after he left St. Loui3 last Wednes
day, but none of these reports is believed
here and the whereabouts of Brown re
mains a mystery- No reward has yet
been offered for his apprehension.
The clerks of the German National
Bank, who are working with Receiver
Tucker's experts, to-day discovered an
other plan operated by Brown. When a
check -was entered October 31 for $3 45 he
entered it as $300 45 and got the benefit of
$3000. On the same date he put "2" In
front of an entry for $150 and got $2000
more. The experts say that Brown re
peatedly credited himself with one, two
and three thousand dollar deposits when
he did not deposit anything, but took out
the amount soon afterward. Brown's
books show that he did not steal sums less
than $1000 in any of these transactions. »
CINCINNATI. Nov. 20.— The experts
working on the books of the German Na
ticnal Bank at Newport, Ky.. report to
day that they have so far found a short
age of $195,000 in the accounts of Frank
M. Brown, the missing cashier.
Cashier Brown Stole Nearly
Two Hundred Thousand
Dollars.
EXPERTS FIND A
BIG SHORTAGE
and with a number of sick sailors from
the Tnwa, Ranger and Adams. She has
on board also a number of prisoners, Fen
tenced for insubordination. Upon her re
turn here two weeks hence the cruiser
will have on board 150 men for the Iowa
and stores for a six months', cruise to Val
paraiso. It is understood the cruiser will
remain here until February, ana in tho
meantime Roar Admiral Silas Casey will
succeed Rear Admiral Kautz in command
<jf the Pacific Coast squadron. The Phila
delphia will be made the flagship of Ad
miral Casey and he will go with her on
the trip potith.
STAFFORD T'NIVERSITY. ICov. 2V— Mn> J.
EUfr. Foster, pr^idont of th<> Woman's Na
tional Ronuhlioan Association, addressed the
ftuiient? this afternoon on the work of the
T?<*1 Cro<=« Prviety.
Sick Sailors and Prisoners.
s-a.% VU2W1. Nov. ro.— The cruiser Phil
l«0phia sailed this mornine for Mare IsI-
Indians on a Raid in Mexico Did Not
Come From the Arizona .Res
ervation.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 20.— A message
received h*re to-nipht from the San Car
lo? Reservation says that no Indians have
left the reservation, contradicting the be
lief that the Apache band which has been
on the warpath in Mexico came from San
Carlos. Therp are no Indications of un
cafiness among the San Carlos Apaches.
A dispatch from Casa Grande. Mex.,
t-tates that the fight reported there be
tween Mormons and a band of Indians
was grossly exaggerated. Slight trouble
occurred near Colonia Paeheco and the
whitrp f.red on a few wandering reds who
plundered eatables from a ranch house.
, One Indian Is said to have been killed
and another wounded.-
SAN CARLOS APACHES
NOT ON THE WARPATH
"Madame Bernhardt will have a reper
toire of seven plays, which will Include
'Hamlet,' •Gamllle' and 'L'AIglon.' I have
brought her to this country at a great ex
pense, and this may perhaps be the last
time that she will undertake to make a
tour of the United States."
Maurice Grau said last evening that he
had Just received a telegram from Sarah
Bernhardt stating that she. had arrived
safely in New York. "I wish you would
state," he said, "that Sarah Bernhardt
will be out here In February. I am sure
that she will please the San Francisco
people. The sale of seats in New York
for her appearance Is larger than ever
before in this country. This will be the
third appearance of Madame Bernhardt
In San Francisco, but the first time, that
she and Coquelin will appear together In
this city. •
"Oh this boat, this boat," she said over
and over. "1 want to get ashore. I can
not read or write or talk on this boat."
Then she made rolling motions with her
two hands to show how the boat had be
haved. Her anxiety to get ashore created
the impression that she had been seasick
on the voyage, but the ship's doctor said
she was a good sailor and made no
trouble. The voyage was very rough dur
ing the. first four days, however, and all
aboard were made nervous by the con
stant shaking and tossing of the ship.
To a Call representative Bernhardt
would not discuss her roles In detail.
Asked which one she preferred she an
swered, "I like best the one that I am
playing at the time." Then her opinion
of M. Rostand's sanity was sought. She
gave it freely.
"He never was crazy," she said. "The
other writers are jealous of him and have
defamed him. He is not the greatest play
wright, but he is one of the greatest.
"Miss Adams — yes, I hear that she is a
charming girl, charming creature. Her
personation of L'Aiglon Is excellent."
Borne one suggested that Miss Adams
did not put enough of tragedy Into the
part, but Bernhardt could not be Induced
to venture any but a general criticism of
the American girl.
"I do not like it." she v said petulantly.
"The face is too short. My face Is easy
to draw. It Is very long and ugly and has
thin bones. Then she passed the picture
back to have the face made longer.
Bernhardt was arrayed In an outfit of
brown. Her dress was plain, but her
gown ox. rich fur swept the deck as she
courtesied to the reporters. She was a
picture that tempted an artist. As she
talked he sketched her and she watched
with a half smile as he worked. The
artist became nervous, but went on brave
ly. At last he finished and passed the
sketch up to her for an opinion.
Madame Bernhardt looked the picture
of health and smiled and bowed farewell
to the reporters who had accompanied her
from quarantine, as she took the arm of
Marcus Mayer, and, leading her two fox
terriers, "Mr. and Mrs. Dennis," tripped
to the open victoria which was in wait
ing. About the entrance was the usual
crowd of hackmen and porters, but be
sides there were many persons drawn
thither by the hope of seeing the great
actress. She faced the crowd smiling, but
when she saw that she was walking in
mud she lifted up her great robe of brown
fur and displayed her shapely ankles.
At that the crowd pressed so close that
the police had to swing their clubs and
pay rude things to keep the way open for
the divine Sarah. Her maid In waiting,
Mme. Levy, accompanied her and the
actress witrf her maid and Mr. Mayer,
were driven rapidly up town. They went
to the Savoy Hotel.
cam© sixty members of the company,
which Is to appear in California this win
ter. -
The Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court to-day decided to allow the alter
nate writs of prohibition asked by Charles
W. Morse, president of the American Ice
Company to restrain the Attorney Oen
eral from compelling the 'company's di
rectors and officers to appear before the
referee appointed ¦ to take testimony a3
to 'the allegation that the » company con
stituted a trust In violation of tho State
laws.
Alvord to Be Indicted.
Cornelius L. -Alvord Jr.. - formerly not«»
teller in • the . First National Bank, who
is accused of embezzling $790,000 from that
institution, was held to-day to await the
action of "the Grand Jury.' If is under
stood that Alvord ' will be. Indicted - Im
mediately and that his. case will be put
on thft calendar for ; the term beginning
the second Wednesday In December.
Two Million Thank Offering.
A special committee of - Metho Hit
An Ice Trust Ruling.
NEW YORK," Nov. 20.— A special
from Charlestown. N. H.. 3&ys:
Charles H. Hoyt, the well-known
playwright, died at his home
: here to-night of paresis, from
I which he has been suffering for several
I months past. Ever since his return to
i Charlestown aft > his release from a prl
j vate asylum at Hartford, by order of the
court early in August, it has been known
by his attendants and nearest triends
that his condition was serious and there
was little or no chance for his reco\cry.
but Mr. Hoyt apparently had seemed
hopoful of ultimate recovery.
Previous to two weeks ago there ap
pears to have been a slight improvement
in his condition although he had periods
of depression. About two weeks ago his
appetite /ailed and he had a bad turn,
from which .he only partially recovered
Since that time he had been unable to
take any except liquid nourishment, but
continued to be up and around his rooms
until yesterday. He steadily lost strength
and this morning he Buffered a relapse
and became unconscious, in which condi
tion he remained until death came.
Mr. Hoyt had no relatives here and at
the time of his death his two physicians,
two trained nurses, his valei and James
O. Lyford. his legal guardian, were in at
tendance.
The funeral arrangements will not be
made until to-morrow, but it is probable
that the funeral will be. held Sunday.
Charles H. Hoyt was born in Concord.
N. H., during the early days of th-> Civil
War. He gained a little early schooling
in his native city and then attended the
Boston Latin School for two years. His
father, a man of some means, believea
that a more practical education could be
secured in travel and observation than
from books, so young Hoyt spent several
years in wandering about the country.
For a time he studied law in the office
of Chief Justice Cushing at Chartestown,
N. H. He gave up law to accept a tem
porary position on the St. Alban's Ad
vertiser, and acquitted himself ?o v/ell
that he attracted the attention of the
editor of the Boston Post. He acce.ptco
a position on that paper, and as editor of
the "All Sorts" column gained a reputa
tion as an extremely bright and witty
writer.
His first dramatic effort was called
"Glfford's Luck," a skit which had some
success on the road. Soon followed "A
Bunch of Keys," which made an instan
taneous hit. Then ne wrote "A Parlor
Match," another piece which proved re
markably successful, u>r Evans and Hoey.
It was played in every city of the country
continuously for twelve years arid up to
the death, of Hoey. Hoyt's next effort
was "A Rag Baby," and. In spite of ths
success of his two previous works, tho
play went a-begging tor some time.
. Manager after manager returned tho
manuseript'of the young playwright. Fi
nally he became disgusted and deter
mined, with his partner, Charles Thomas.
to put the play on at his own. risk. The
two young men had saved some money,
but not enough to stage the play. They
finally induced Manager Eugene Tomp
kins to take a third interest in the play,
and It was produced and made a success
even greater than its predecessors.
During all this time Hoyt retained his
connection with the Boston Post. The
great success of his plays convinced him,
however, that his proper field lay in that
direction, and he resigned from the paper
to devote his entire time to theatrical
management. "A Tin Soldier" was hlh
next production, and it met with the same
success as those which had gone before.
His name ¦was known to theater-goers
all over the country, ana everything he
wrote seemed to catch the popular fancy
at once. In rapid succession came "A
Midnight Bell," "A Texas Steer" and "A
Trip to Chinatown." The latter farce was
one of his greatest successes. It ran for
666 consecutive performances at Hoyt's
Theater, now the Madison Square, In New
Yprk.
Hoyt continued to turn out wonderfully
successful skits with a most prolific pen.
"A Temperance Town," "A Milk Whice
Flag," "A Black Sheep," "A Contented
Woman" and "A Stranger In New York"
were all practical successes and money
makers. It Is said that during one season
of "A Trip to Chinatown" Mr. Hoyt's In
come was about 1133.000.
Mr. Hoyt in 18S7 married Flora Walsh,
known to theater-goers throughout the
country as Bossy In "A Texas Steer." She
died in 1833, and In 1S94 he married Caro
line Mlskel. She was in one of Hoyfi?
plays, and as Caroline Miekel-Hoyt was
known as one of the most beautiful wo
men on the stage. Mrs. Hoyt died in Oc
tober, 1898. and from that time Mr. Hoyt
seemed a broken man.
He was always extremely nervous, and
shortly after bis wife's death his condi
tion became alarming. He suffered a se
vere attack of nervous prostration. Mor
bidly grieving over the death of hls« wife,
he plunged into work which completely
wrecked his health. He spent several
months in St. Augustine. Fla., and to a
certain extent regained his health. Ho
never recovered his former brilliancy,
however, and wrote his only complete
failure— "A Dog in a Manger. '* The fail
ure of this play, which was produced for
a few nights In Boston, completely dis
couraged nlm. He brooded more and more
over the death of hla wife and his condi
tion became such that he was finally ex
amined as to his sanity. The scene In
court was pathetic In the extreme. Hoyt
seemed to partially realize his condition,
but his nervous system waa so wrecked
and his once brilliant mind so ravaged by
worry and sorrow that he could not com
bat the terrible affliction which was .upon
him. Mournfully he repeated his wife's
name, explaining to the Judge that sine©
her death he had been unable to sleep, he
could get ,no rest. He was officially pro
nounced Incompetent and committed to an
asylum. . A few weeks later, through the
efforts of his friends, he was released and
taken to a private sanitarium. ;
Passing of a Comedian.
Joseph Ott. the comedian, died heie last
night of a complication of diseases. He
was taken 111 about two weeks age. He
leaves a wife. Mr. Ott was born In
Chelsea. Mass., thirty-eight years ago.
He played'hls first Important part when
about twenty years old In a short run in
Boston. In recent years he Ftarred in -ths
popular-price houses In a farce called
"Star Gazing." More than a . year ago
he Joined the New York Company ap
pearing first In "Broadway to Toklo "
and this season in "A Million Dollars"
He was in the cast of "N©ll-Go-In" when
taken with the illness which endcl In his
death.
A Berlin special says: The birthday of
Empress Frederick was quietly commem
orated at Cronberg. Emperor William
was present at the celebration.
George Writes a Drama.
A special from Berlin says: Prince
George of Prussia has written a drama
which will be performed in Berlin during
the coming season.
A Chiistiania special says: The poet
Bjornson has recovered from his severe
illness and has started for Paris, where
he will make a long stay.
Birthday of the Empress.
A Constantinople special says: The rt»
peated representations of the United
States legation here have resulted in the
release from prison of the Armenian Arz
youan. who was arrested while traveling
on an American passport. Arzyouan was
ordered to leave the country.
Poet Bjornson Recovers.
A special from Berlin says: The pre
liminary hearing in the case of the woman
Selma Schapke. who recently attempted
the Emperor's life at Breslau. resulted in
the prisoner being ordered sent to an in
sane asylum for observation. A Breslau
merchant named Spindler, who took an
Instantaneous photograph of the scene at
the moment, the woman threw the hat
chet, was requested to destroy the pic
ture, because it would displease the Em
peror, and he complied with the request. ¦
Release of Arzyouan.
A Berlin special says: The second trial
of the defendants in the charges of gamb
ling at theCluh der Harmosen. after the
Reichsgericht had annulled the acquit
ting sentence, began to-day. One of the
defendants, Herr von Kroreher, son of
General von Kroreher, commander of an
army corps and an intimate adviser of
Emperor William, fled to the south, and
the court ordered his arrest wherever he
should be found. The principal culprit,
"Gentleman" Wolff, this time was pres
ent.
The Kaiser's Assailant.
The judgment of the Admiralty court
was rendered to-day in the action brought
by the owners of the British bark Emble
ton to recover damages for the sinking of
that vessel by the Cunard line steamer
Campania in July last during a heavy
fog. about six hours after leaving Queens
town, the collision resulting in the drown
ing of eleven of the crew of the Embleton,
which was loaded with dynamite. The
court found that the Campania's speed
was excessive and the Campania was
solely blamable for the sinking of the
Embleton, and judgment was pronounced
accordingly. The Cunard Company in
tends to make an appeal.
Second Trial of Gamblers.
The Daily Express publishes the follow
ing from Odessa: A party of thirty-eight
Turks, wishing to leavn Russia secretly,
galled at dead of night from Tschurusku
to cross the Black Sea. A storm arose
and the beat filled. First the baggage was
thrown overboard. Then the children and
finally the women were committed to the
sea; but this did not prevent the vessel
from foundering, and all perished, save
one lad who clung to the mast and was
washed ashore.
Campania's Spsed Excessive.
result of the American elections has in
no way modified their hone that the
United States would yet support the Boer
cause.
"The United States," said Mr. Fischer.
"remains a force in the councils of civ
nized nations and we trust this force will
eventually be exercised in bringing the
war to such an end as will protect our
rights. So atrociors have been the cruet
tics practiced by British officers and men
upon^-our women and children thnt we
would nuher fight the cruel and blood
thirsty Easutos and Zulus than the Brit
ish army. Our men. whose homes have
been ruined and whose women and chil
dren have been carried Into captivity, will
fight to the death. No Boer general will
surrender."
Turks Perish at Sja.
NEW YORK,- Nov. 20.— When the
steamship TAqultaine was made,. fast to
her pier this morning the fir^t passenger
down the gangplank was Mme. Sarah
Bernhardt. Not far behfnd her was M.
Coquelin, the divine Sarah's co-star and
eminent also in his line of art. After them
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call
| Divine Sarah in the Best of
Health and Is Greeted
by Large Crowd.
WILL APPEAR HERE
Is Accompanied by
Coquelin and
UomDanv.
AT V
BERNHARDT
ONCE AGAIN
IN AMERICA
VICTORIA. B. C, Nov. 20.— H. M. S.
Pheasant to-day received rush orders
from the Admiralty dispatching her to
Panama to protect British interests in
the revolution which has recurred. To
day ph<= loaded FtoreF. ammunition, etc..
and will eail at noon. On the following
•jay If. M. S. Icarus will sail on a cruise
t-.i the Pnuth S^a Islands.
British "Warships Go South.
Letters from Colon say that many, in
cluding foreigners, have been lodged in
the prison at Panama on suspicion of
hoping the rebels.
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— Passengers on
board the steamer Advance, which ar
rived hf re to-day from Colon, confirm the
reports of the seizure of the British
steamer Taboea at Colon. The rebels
threatened to block the port of Buena
Ventura and the Government vessel had
broken down. They seized the Taboga to
transfer troops to Buena Ventura. An of
fer of $l'i.0"0 was made for the vessel prior
to seizure. The Government is quite will
ing to pay an Indemnity, but was unwill
ing to rii=k awaiting other means of trans
portation.
KINGSTON'. Jamaica. Nov. 20.— It has
been ascertained that a fortnight ago the
Colombian Government was negotiating
with the Pacific Navigation Company for
the purchase of one of its coast steamers
for war purposes. In consequence of the
rebel activity and the advance of the
rebel forces on Panama that city was
placed under marital law November 10.
The steamer Tnbnga is believed to have
|>een pent November 13 to bring reinforce
ments from the coast. But it is not posi
tively known ¦whether the Taboga was
teized by the Colombian Government.
The Ta-boga, with the Government
troops on board, arrived at Buena Ven
tura yosterda.y, whereupon the Liberals
retired.
PANAMA, Colombia, Xov. 20.— The seiz
ure of the British steamer Taboga by the
Colombian Government was due to the
Tact that the, agent of the Pacific Steam
rCavigation Company, to which she be
toceed. refused to sell or charter the ves
lel for the purpose of conveying Govern
ment troops to Buena Ventura, which was
besieged by the Liberals. Therefore the
Government decreed the seizure of the
Ete^mer and proceeded to the relief of
Buena Ventura with troops, ammunition
and provisions. The British Consul here,
L\ Mallet, entered a strong protest against
the seizure of the steamer, but it was of
no avail. He then communicated with his
Government on the subject. No reply has
been received from l»ndon.
Many Persons Lodged in
Prison on Suspicion of
Aiding Rebels.
LIBERALS RETREAT
Colombia Saves Be
sieged Buena
Ventura.
SEIZES THE
STEAMER FOR
WAR PURPOSES
OOM PAUL MAY LAND
ON FRENCH SOIL TO-DAY
Preparations Made to
Receive Krugesat
Marseilles.
Trouble May Follow
Landing of Trans
vaal President.
the French welcome is chiefly engineered
by the anti-ministerial party, thus de
tracting immensely from Its political im
portance.
Messrs. Fischer and Wessels. who were
interviewed this afternoon, expressed re
prret at the partisan character which -the
demonstration is assuming. They com
pared it with their reception in the United
States. Both Insisted, however, that the
is felt.
The Boer delegates fully appreciate the
advantage accruing to their cause when
MARSEILLES, Nov. 20.— Former
President Kruger will probably
land here Thursday instead of
to-morrow. Bad weather is re
ported in the Mediterranean,
and the Dutch cruiser Gelderland, on
which he !s a passenger, may hug the
coast of the Gulf of Genoa in preference
to heading direct for Marseilles, so as to
avoid the cross seas. She will thus reach
this port to-morrow evening Instead of
to-night. Every preparation, however,
has been made for Mr. Kruger's possible
landing to-morrow morning. The police
and military are held in readiness and the
Boer reception committee has not made
any change in the arrangements for the
reception at the dock. Workmen have
been busy erecting flagstaff's along the
waterside at La Joi'ette and at the oufer
deck, where the steam launcn with Mr.
Kruger on board will land.
It is certain that Mr. Kruger's arrival
will be the occasion for a great popular
demonstration along the route from the
dock to the hotel, which is situated on
the principal boulevard, known as the
Cannebiere. It is equally certain that the
formal proceedings will not be invested
with the importance which the occasion
warrants, owing to the abstention from
them of the Prefect, Mayor and other
functionaries in their official capacity.
A surprise came to-day in the shape of
the arrival here of Eloff, Mr. Kruger's
private secretary, who left the Gelderland
f<t Port Said and came ahead on a French
steamer. Eloff left Mr. Kruger in perfect
health and spirits. The President occu
pies three cabins situated in the stern of
the Gelderland. His dining-room is deco
rated v.ith the portraits of the Dutch
royal family, a picture of .Queen Wilhel
mina 'being in the place of honor.
The Boer delegates, Messrs. Fischer,
Wessels and Grobner. who have also ar
rived here, expressed to the representa
tive of the Associated Press their earnest
wish to have the American people ¦with
them in their efforts to secure a termina
tion of the war. They said they knew Mr.
Kruger also appreciated American sym
pathy and hoped it would lead to practical
favors to the cause of his country.
The delegates, however, were unable to
eay exactly what Mr. Kruger would de
cide to do after landing in France. There
is much talk in Marseilles to the effect
that a counter demonstration will occur
or that anti-English outcrys may be
raised, which would result ir. street dis
orders. But neither the Prefect nor the
American consulate officials attach the
<=lightrpt importance to these rumors.
A pro-Boer committee has issued an ap
peal, copies of which were posted this aft
ernoon, calling on the people to cheer for
Mr. Kruger and the Boers, but to refrain i
from ?ny anglophobe demonstration.
"The crowd in the streets to witness the
arrival of Mr. Kruger." said the Prefect
of the department to-day, "will probably
exceed 100.000. which is a fifth of the popu
lation of Marseilles. Nevertheless, no dis
order, in my opinion, will occur. The
sympathies of the inhabitants are un
doubtedly with the Boers, and Mr. Kruger
will receive a rousing reception here. Ex
cept for a few isolated cries against Ens- I
land, which it will be impossible to pre
vent, but which will be promptly re
pressed if the peaceful character of the
demonstration seems to be in any way
jeopardized, we expect nothing that would
offend the' English. We live her* 1 on the
best- terms with the English -colony and
wish to remain so. Mr. Kruger will meet
with such an official reception as is given
to a chief of state when he travels in
cognito."
M. Flassiers. "the Mayor of Marseilles,
expressed himself in similar terms, bu f
this optimism is not shared entirely. ,by
some members of the English colony, who
have discerned paid agents of the Anglo
phobe cause among some of the recent ar
rivals.
The Prefect, however, is known to be
an energetic man. He has taken strong
military precautions, and the. garrison,
numbering about 6000 men, will be held
in readiness, but out of sight at the in
fantry barracks. In close proximity to the
British consulate, where some uneasiness
THE SAN FKAMJISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, XOYEMBER 21, 1900.
MME. SARAH BERXHARDT,
THE GREAT FRENCH ACT
RESS.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 20.— The convoca
tion of San Jose, embracing all the Epis
copal churches In the counties of Santa
Clara. San Benlto, Santa Cruz. Monterey
and San I-.uls Oblspo, Is In session at Cal
vary Episcopal Church. The visiting
clergymen are being entertained at the
homes of local churchmen. At 2 o'clock
this afternoon the convocation was
opened with solemn prayer conducted by
Dean Lewis, the presiding officer. ' The
afternoon was spent in a discussion of tho
subject. "The Reading- of the Service."
At Calvary Church this evening th6
chancel was occupied by white-robed
clergymen. Special service wa* rendered
by the choir. There were a number of
fivp-minutp missionary addresses.
The clergymen in attendance at the con
vocation are Dean Lewis of San Joaquin,
Rev. Mr. Westlake of Salinas. Dr.
O'Meara of San Jose. Rev. J. Clarke Rob
bins of Los Gatos. R««v. Mr. Kendall of
San Jose. Rev. Burr Weeden of San Jose.
Rev. H. Chetwood of Pacific Grove. Rev.
Mr. Hoge of Pacific Grove. Rev. Mr. Col
lier of Watson ville. Rtv. Mr. Lucas and
Rev. C. O. Tillotson of Santa Cruz. Rev.
Mr. Gardner of Palo Alto.
EPISCOPAL CONVOCATION.
The defendant had a number of wit
nesses on the stand this afternoon. They
testified that Mrs. Bufina told them that
she was employed by Ryan as housekeep
er at ?30 a month.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rCHICMESTCR'8 CN8USN
EHHVROYAL PJL18
/!V*V Original and O*\j O-ouIdo.
y"fc*5S.8AFE. llw*T«r«n«l>!«. Ladle*. »•* Dnse^t
fiVk tot CHICJUESTER'S ENGLISH
H^y^JfESX la KED mo-1 «nl.l met*:iio Nil, *.».-i
1I\ J 'tth tine ribboo. Take no ether. Rrfins
Ifi *** *XJ l>Me*ren« J>ab«tltuUon« mud Imltav.
\ I i~ (o ti°"*» Bs 7 * r 7 ear Onggin. or w*i 4e. in
I <•>' Jf ftamp* for Partlcalartt Te*ttm«nUI«
W.. ff »n<» "Rel!«r for Ladles." toiler, byre-
-A. v U tara MalL lO.AAOTmlBraBlaJa. Ssldsy
v — — / an Drufgtn*. Calea««t«r Chemical (:<»-
Mention tM» paper. Ma J1».a Mun, I'O I LJk.. 1\».
Or U2<» Market St.. San Francisco.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
/MS BROADWAY. - NEW YORK.
Sold for CASH only, but at a REASOX-
ABLErf'RICE. This Belt cures WITHOUT
DRUGS. Call at office or ssnrt a 2-oeni
stamp for new •¦BOOKLET No. 2." Acl-
dre?s.
NOTHING "FREE."
Electric E^^^» «™
on its MERITS ! nr m pierces BELT.
, DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
OSSCOVERY
FOR THE •
BLOQD.LIVER.UJNGS.
CRTTCH17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK.
"w Y-. houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, - p*aer-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc '
BUCtiANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I ESTOi^ TIVE ' »VIOORA.
_The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
T Thf xff . thC 8 « ua L°rs an9 . 'or both ieSS
The Mexican Remedy for Diseaaes of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
— NABER. ALFS & B RUNE. Agent"
S23 Market at., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
Eow Do You Like This New FadP
Vegetarians, anti-coffee drinkers and
food <rank5 of every description must
row take a hack seat, for a new fad has
the floor.
A society has recently been formed, the
members cf -which pl«*dge themselves to
eat no food whatever that has been cook-
rd. They claim that uncooked food is the
only rational healthful diet: that our re-
mote ancestors ate no cooked food and
therefore if we do the came vigor and
health will be our reward.
Raw meat, raw potatoes, raw wheat
raw egg?, raw everything, is the enticing
bill of fare held out to the enthusiastic
food crank of tho future, and the society
proposes to establish restaurants In the
larger cities whore this delightful menu
may be served daily.
Modern cooking !s often a dyspepsia
producer, because we fry so many foods
which should be baked, roasted broiled
or boiled; fried food is? Indigestible - be-
cause each particle of food in incased Jn
hot grease, which the digestive juices of
the stomach cannot easily penetrate; but
properly cooked food is more easily di-
pected than the same food uncooked and
we predict for the new fad a very limited
following.
The real cause of indigestion is the lack
rf Hydrochloric acid and prptoncs in the
Ftomach. fo that no matter how well
cooked the food it cannot he well digested
unl»fs the gastric juice is abundant and
contains the necessary amount of pep-
tones to dissolve the food.
Therefore the most sensible cure for
poor digestion Is to take after each meal
some safe and reliable digestive like
Stuart's Dyspepsia TaJsIets. which supply
peptones to digest the meat and eggs and
diastase to digest the bread, potatoes and
similar starchy foods.
Laxative medicines never cure Indiges-
tion, because they have no digestive effect
whatever upon the food: on the other
hand, if the food is properly digested
there will be no need of laxatives. Good
digestion does away with constipation.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain pure
aseptic pepsin (government test) diastase
and the digestive elements which weak
stomachs lack, and they cure Indigestion
by assisting the overworked, rundown sto-
mach in its hard work until It Is restored
to its normal condition, when the tablets
ire no longer needed; but there are thou-
«ar.ds of robust men and women who
never eat a meal without" taking one or
two of Stuart's Tablets, because by *o
doing they can eat what they please and
when they please and be free from any
bad after effects.
£tuart'» Dyspeptic Tablets are cold by
druscieti everywhere In the- United
auxee, Canada asd Great Britain^-
WILL IT BECOME POPULAR?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.; getting a footing in SJl
V Frisco — getting there step by §-|
v , step — selling shoes of \ |£«
T : \ character and style and worth X'\
'.¦ | which appeal to the large j'%
" class of careful buyers, to the »f •$
V people who know and de- $;.{!
; t ' marid good shoes. ; *'.'%
',-\ Ladies* Viol Kid Lace Shoes. •{
;¦ all kid or cloth tops, coin toe ' ;
; last, very latest new Cuban S
;y heels, kid or patent leather tip, '
;t extension soles: made to w»ar I'"-
•; and hold its shape; CO (\f\ ?•"->
;« modestly priced at., w^•\t\J fe*
% Ladies' Kangaroo Calf Lace gf
; Walking Boot, double extension ft.-
:/ soles, military heel: Just the g-
£ thing- for rainy weather: *xr*»r- S^ :
I lr. nt . . SS - . at : : : I : : :: $ 2. SO"|;
§ Our Misses' Vlri Kid Laca §>
> Shoes, . sinple sole, spring heel, K:
' patent leather tips; no broken u-
" lines — fv
4 Sizes 8U to 11 SI. tr, m
C Sizes 11 to 2 91. Do jr
Lippitt&Fi/iier
Up-To-Dafe Shoes o/Qua/iiy
d)j>£o S,S1tP i A
fr* * ' Vrv*
I Goes , Twice as Far
! as Lard or Butter!
IT IS EASILY DIGESTED AND
ALWAYSftLEANLY, WHICH
LARD IS NOT.
Wesson's Salad Oil
is far greater value than the finest im-
ported olive oil and has the same flavor.
Ask your friendly grocer for it and tare*
good money.
|g^IM!El
sO^jaB? INJECTION. |
f A PERMANENT CURE I
> of the moat obstinate eases of Gonorrhoea ?
7 and Gleet." pnarsntped in from 3 to 6 <
c days ; no other treatment required. . * ¦-¦ J ¦
c gold by all druggists. S
Best Bread
Is made with
"KoNut"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat
For Shortening
and Frying,
It is without equal. '
A perfect superseder of Lard,
Butter or Compounds.
Try "Soda Biscuit" made
with «.'KO-NUT"-they are as
light as a leather.
Ask Your Grocer or Write
India Reiining* Co.,
Philadelphia.
j W^.. KIDNEY & LIVER ~ I
BITTERS
I A P LE ASAUT -LAKATIYE ..>¦
I NOT I N TOX I CATIN ClIntends to Monopolize the Trada
for the Black Sea
Millers.-
TACOMA. Nov. *o.— The Russian Gov
ernment wll! on January 1 put a duty of
SO cents a barrel on flour for Siberia. The
object Is to monopolize the rapidly grow
ing trade for the Black Sea millers. It will
be a hard blow to the Pacific Coast
millers, who have been building up a big
trade through Vladivostok with Siberia.
The completion of the trans-Siberian Una
will, it Is sold, cut ofT most of the trans-
Pacific trade with Russian ports.
Lodi Printer Disappears.
LODI. Nov. 20.— The friends of Albert
Wardrobe, a printer of this place, are un
easy over his sudden disappearance. A
week ago he borrowed a bicycle from a
friend, saying he wanted to take a ride
t:p to the Mokelumn© River, a mile away.
Since then nothing has been seen of him
or the wheel. Wardrobe is a young man.
short of stature, of florid complexion and
with a sandy mustache. He was attired
in a brown suit and derby hat and wears
glasses.
VANCOUVER. Nov. 20.— Tenas Albert
Toung, the best known white hunter of
the Harrison Lake district and officially
adopted son of the chief of the Douglas
Indians, met a horrible death last Satur
day as the culmination of a long and ter
rible fight with a grizzly bear. The details
were received here to-day by Indian Agent
Frank Devlin, an Indian runner having
brought out a letter containing the news
from Anderson Lake, which Is 150 miles
from Vancouver.
. Two months ago the entire tribe of In
dians In that vicinity was on the verge
of starvation and sent piteous appeals for
aid to the local Indian department. Num
bers of their cattle had been drowned by
disastrous floods, which had caused Har
rison River to overflow its banks and In
undate the adjacent low ly!r!g country.
So much famine and pestilence had over
taken the unfortunate tribe that the In
dians were convinced that the hand of the
Manitou was against them. Now that tho
hope of the tribe — :he adopted white son
of the chief— has perished, the last vesfgo
of their courage has departed. The letter
to Indian Agent Devlin states that the
young hunter was away up the side of
the mountain above the village when his
dogs scented a grizzly bear, which was
encamped for the winter In a hollow
stump. The grizzly was a large female.
Or.ce disturbed, she was soon thoroughly
aroused and enraged and made straight
for the hunter. Young nred two shots,
one of which evidently missed, while the
other broke the bear's left shoulder. By
that time the grizzly was upon him, and
In trying to beat a retreat Young dis
carded his gun. He had barely time to
snatch his long hunting knife from his
belt before the grizzly grappled with him.
Evidently the hunter used his knife to
gocd effect, for the snow crust upon the
spot where occurred the fight for life was
red with the bear's blood.
The scene of the conflict was within a
few yards of one of tho steep precipices
often found In the Cascade Mountains.
During the progress of the ftsrht man and
bear unconsciously approached nearer the
edge cf the cliff. The hunter's hat and a
portion of his ccat were subsequently
found there, havlrsr been torn off In tlio
struggle. Then locked In what proved to
be the death struggle the hunter and the
grizzly must have slipped over the edge,
for the bruised and battered bodies wera
found en Sunday by a search party of
Indians at the foot of the cliff. 600 feet
below. There was hardly an unbroken
bone in the young cm>fs body when it
was brought in for burial.
HUNTER AND GRIZZLY
FALL FROM A CLIFF
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Locked in a Death Struggle, Both Are Hurled
to Destruction.
BAD WEATHER CAUSES
; > MANY FAIiSE AT, ARMS
Fire Department Answers Numerous
. Calls Caused by Crossed .,
Wires.
The stormy weather. of last night was
the cause of numerous alarms which
called out the Fire Department. Within
Refuses to Give Up Deeds.
Charles F. Blandin, manager of the
Dewey Transportation Company, Mont
gomery avenue, Was arrested yesterday In
the Hall of Justice by Policeman J. C. Ed
wards on a warrant charging him with
felony: embezzlement. The complaining
wltne'ss Is Juan B. Castro of Castroville,
who alleges that he handed to Blandin
about three months ¦ ago deeds to lands
that he . owns In Lower California and
Mexico. . as Blandin offered himself as a
probable purchaser. .He now refuses to
give them up, alleging that he has lost
them. At first he/wanted $100 for the "re
turn of the deeds,, but came down to $35,
so Con . Castro says.
Knife Used on Rival.
Ernest A. Ferguson, who was a mem
ber of the First Tennessee Regiment, waa
arrested yesterday afternoon at 520 Bush
Btreet by Policemen Sullivan and Nelson
and booked ' at the City Prison on a
charge of %ssault to murder. He and E.
Hornburg, a man about thirty-nvo years
of age, quarreled about a woman and
Ferguson cut Hornburg across tha back
twice with a knife. Hornburg was taken
to tho Receiving Hospital, where, his
wounds were stitched and dressed. Fer
guson was intoxicated.
Ferguson, according to the reports of
his tenderloin companions, 13 highly con
nected In Kentucky. It is said that Fer
guson will soon come into possession of
a large fortune through the recent <leath
of a relative...
ALUMNI OF STANFORD
i . APPOINT A COMMITTEE
Five of Their Members Will Probe
V Into the Ross Resignation
* and Report.
The San Francisco Stanford Alumni As
sociation held a meeting last night in the
T. II. C. A. building to discuss the Pro
fessor Ross resignation. The meeting was
executive. The members of the society
adjourned later In the evening to 813 Mis
sion street and shortly after midnight
they handed to the press the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That we, the Stanford alumni In
San Francisco, are not In possession of the
whole facts on both sides of the Rosa incident
and suspend our Judgment pending a full and
Immediate investigation of the facts by a
committee of five elected to Interview Dr. Jor
dan. Dr. Ross and other parties concerned.
i Resolved, That we as Stanford alumni resid
ing in. San Francisco declare publicly that we
knew nothing of the Ross incident prior to tho
recent election and that we believe Preslden;
Jordan's statement that Mrs. Stanford's final
action was not known to him until after elec
tion daw
HesoIveO. That we proclaim publicly that the
Stanford alumni in Ban Francisco have here
tofore taken no action whatever in the Itoss
Incident- and disclaim any responsibility for
any published statements purporting to reore
sent our views.
The committee of five will wait on Pro
fessor Ross at the St. Nicholas Hotel this
morning and hear his side of the story.
They will then go down to the university,
where they will Interview President Jor
dan. No further action will be taken by
the alumni until the committee of live has
handed in its report.
CLASH WITH INDIANS
EXPECTED IN COLORADO
y DENVER, Nov. 20.— It Is stated here
that State Game Commissioner Johnson
will start with a large posse of deputies
for Rio Blanco and Routt counties, the
scenes of the alleged slaughter of game
by Indians from the Utah reservations.
Johnson, it is said, haa determined to
drive the Indians out of tho State at any
cost and a clash is feared.
Factory Girls Strike.
FORT WAYNE. Ind.. Nov. 20.— Owing
to the refusal of their demands for an In
crease in wages 200 of the 300 girls em
ployed In the Paragon Shirt Waist fac
tory in. this city went on strike to-day.
FEABXNG RABIES, THEY WILIi
TAKE PASTEUR TREATMENT
Three People, Bitten by Mad Dog,
Are Now Hurrying to Medical
Institute in Chicago.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 20.-O. M. Pettitt,
D. D. King and the seven-year-old daugh
ter of the latter passed through here to-
day en route to Chicago, where they will
receive the Pasteur treatment for rabies.
Messrs. Pettitt and King are prominent
citizens of San Marcos. Tex. They and
the little girl were bitten by a rabid dog
several days ago. Nothing was thought
of the matter at the time, but when sev
eral cows which It was known the dog
had bitten were attacked by rabies the
bitten people became frightened and made
preparations for a hasty trip to Chicago.
They had no symptoms of rabies when
they passed through here. They are ac
companied by a pnyslcian, who keeps a
close watch on them.
TACOMA'S LOSS BY FERE.
Property Valued at Sixty Thousand
Dollars Destroyed.
TACOMA. Nov. 20.— Fire at 1:30 o'clock
this morning wiped out a number of small
factories and partially damaged two
others. The loss will reach SGO.OOO, divided
as follows: Pugot Sound Drydock Com
jiany, office and pattern-room. $30,003;
'Jans Torkelson, cil clothing plant, 50000;
William Kvans, steam fitting plant, 5<(KK>;
Addlson Planing Mill 'mill plant). 510,000;
two buUdlUKS, 14000, and Sunset Telephone
Company and city. JGOO. The loss to iae
Jast two was on wires, the telephone com
pany's long-distance wires being partially
destroyed ior some distance.
The nre seems to have started in the
sticker room of Torkelscm's oil-clothing
p!u:.t. Threo explorlors followed in tjuick
succession, knocking out windows and
doors and spreading the flames Instantly
to all parts cf the room, from there thev
communicated to the adjoining buildings
and the entire row was destroyed. The
Northern Pacific owned the buildings,
having recently purchased them from the
Tacoma L<ar!d and Improvement Com
pany. The Insurance carried will not
amount to more than one-third of the
lots.
¦ *
STWO NXW STEA3ISHXPS
FOB. THE POKTI*flJO> UDSTE
Are Among the Largest Operated in
the Pacific Coast
Trade.
PORTLAND. Nov. 20.— The Oregon Rail
way end Navigation Company obtained
for the China-Japar.ese line out of Port
land two of the largest steamships which
have yet been operated In the Pacific
Coast trade. Negotiations have been un
der way for several months, but not until
to-day were the details perfected bo that
public announcement of the names of the
vessels could be mede. The two vessels
aJready engaged are the British steam
ships Indraveili and Indrapura, and two
similar ships are now being negotiated for
and will be obtained In time to take their
p'aces In the regular service.
The Indrapura has a carrying capacity
of 9C?0 tons and the Indravelll 9700 tons.
They were launched at Glascow in 1S97.
These vessels when laden will draw 25
feet of water. The Indrapura.which will
be the first steamer to reach Portland. Is
due in January and the Indravalll will
follow aiK>ut three weeks later.
Woodland Hiss Writes a Play.
WOODLAND. Xov. 20.— Miss Adah O.
Walla.ce. a your.g lady who haa a reputa^
tion as a writer, has written a three-act
play of considerable merit It will be pre
eer.ted for the first time on Thursday
•rening by local talent, assisted by three
professional?. Preparations have b*en
made to etage It elaborately and Miss
Wallace's friends will give her unmistake
ab!e evidence that they appreciate home
taJent.
tory for the past days. There has
been at least two feet of snow generally
and upon the mountains much more. This
enables the stockmen to return their stock
from the Verde Valley, where they were
driven for water.
THE storm which began in this
section last Thursday and which
seemed to break for a few hours
on Sunday and ' Monday, burst
forth with greater severity early
yesterday morning and all day long the
rain fell without interruption. It was a
nasty, disagreeable day, but there was
surprisingly little grumbling. Everybody
welcomed the downpour and the harder
It rained the better satisfied seemed tho
pedestrian.
Some of the city's streets were badly
flooded last night, the water over
flowing the cesspools and delugln? the
sidewalks. There was a big demand for.
mackintoshes and umbrellas and the
street railway company and cabmen did
the biggest business of the year.
The storm Is by no means local.
Rain or snow has fallen over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains s.nd
dispatches from different points on both
the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe roads
report a heavy rain or Bnowfall, with no
indications of abating. This telegram was
received at the Santa Fe offices in this
city at 4:42 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
FRESNO, Nov. CO. 1900. — Raining all over the
division since yesterday. Minimum, .43; max
imum, .70.
The official returns received by the
Southern Pacific Company up to 7 o'clock
yesterday morning include ine following:
• Ther'ter , Rain ,
7 A. M. Last 21 Tt'lfor
Place— Nov. 20. Hours. Season.
San Francisco 65 .SS 4.2y
Oakland E« -IS 4.74
Stockton 60 .12 8.29
Sacramento 47 .44 402
Fresno 43 .73 4.42
Iy>s Angeles £2 .74 2.77
San ilateo E2 .52 4.82
Monterey 12 .34* 3.35
Forecast Official A. G. McAdle of the
United States weather bureau, In discus
sing the downpour yesterday, said:
The Etorm Is quits a remarkable one as
showing the effect of an area of high pressure
in preventing the eastward movement of an
area of low pressure. The large area of de
pression on the Pacific Coast was first noted
last Thursday evening, and that has remained
T-ith us now five days, and is still only about
300 or 400 miles inland from the coast.
Rain or enow haa fallen over the entire coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains. The rain
will extend to Mexico and Lower California,
A very Interesting feature of the combination
of the high and the low pressure approaching
bo closely is the heavy snowfall along th«>
lines where the barometric gradients are steep
est. The cold wave Is pushing southward, and
freezing weather prevails over nearly all the
country west of tne Rocky Mountains, except
along the coast of California and In the valleys
and Southern Arizona. At altitudes above 1000
feet snow has fallen generally in Northern
Storm warnings were displayed to-day along
the entire Pacific Coast Th« storm has been
of untold value to tho State, and gives us a
ectlfifactory supply of water. That it has im
proved an the crops is evident from the cheer
ful reports received by the bureau from all
sections of the State.
Following Is an extract from Mr. Mc-
Adle's report on the storm:
During the early part of the week th«
¦weather continued warm and cloudy, or partly
clcudy. Rain commenced falling on the 16th
In the central end northern portions, extending
southward and covering the entire State by
the 17th, the precipitation continuing: in nearly
all sections up to the 19th. accompanied by
cooler weather. This has been the heaviest
rainfall of the season, and in some sections
the heaviest for two or three years. The bene
fit to all agricultural interests Is inestimable,
as It gives new life to fruit trees and vines.
Increases the water supply Jn tho districts of
scanty rainfall, softens the soil for Immediate
cultivation and revives pasturage and early
sown grain. In a few places in the northern
coaet section the soil has become too wet for
present cultivation, but in all other sections
plo-wlne and seedlne will now be -crowded for
ward with vigor, with good prospects for the
largest acreage of grain for several years.
Orange picking has been temporarily bus
ponded In some localities owing to the rain,
but the crop has not been Injured, and prospects
continue good for an unusually heavy yield in
mil citrus districts. Walnut picking is com-
I pleted. the crop having matured about two
weeks earlier than usual.
LOGAN SAFE AND SOTTNIX
Report That She Turned Turtle in
the Gale Unfounded.
While the wind was blowing a terrific
gale and the rain . was coming down: in
torrents a report went abroad last night
that the transport Logan had turned over
in the big drydock at Hunters Point.
Sergeant Lewis and Policeman Henley
of the South San Francisco police station
drove post haste to the scene of the sup
posed accident.
The officers arrived at the dock shortly
before midnight and instead of finding a
wrecked transport and everything in a
state of excitement they were surprised
to see the big boat calmly resting with
her top right side up and her men peace
fully snoozing. The crew was as much
surprised to hear the story of \the alleged
mishap as they would have been had it
really taken place. • ¦
two hours eight alarms were turned In. all
of which were caused by the crossing ol
wires. : - ¦ . • '•
Between 7 and 8 p. ¦ m. the department
answered two alarms; in the next hour
the engines were called out twice, and be
tween 9 and 10 p. m. they ran out for four
false alarms. In each and every case the
tapping of the bell was caused by crossed
wires.
Chutes Fence Blown Down.
Travelers on the Haight-street car line
were late In reaching their homes owing
to the fierceness of the storm. The fence
surrounding the Chutes was blown down
late in the evening effectually blocking
,the Haight-street cars. The debris was
finally removed and travel resumed.
STOSM XING DISPORTS
ON OAKLAND STREETS
Oak Tree and. .Telegraph Poles
Knocked. Down and Horse Killed
by Live Wire.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— A gale of wind
and heavy rain to-night wrecked enough
of the electric light wires to leave Oak
land In partial darkness and to cut off
Berkeley, which Is supplied from the Oak
land Gas Light ' and Heat Company's
plant in this city.- The storm demoralized
the telephone system, played havoc with
signs and awnings and caused at least
two dangerous accidents. Shortly aJtter
10 o'clock In a particularly heavy gale the
immense false front on the newly re
modeled Bacon building at Twelfth and
Washington streets was swept oft Its sup
ports. The heavy wooden frame work
ripped oft tne cornice work along the roof
eaves and toppled over on to the mass of
telegraph and telephone wires along the
Twelfth-street side of the building. A
large portion of the roof was smashed
and ripped up by the violent wind.
Trees were blown down In all sections
of the city. At Fifth and Madison streets
a large oak toppled over, carrying electric
light wires with It. Frank Silva. a driver
for Buchanan's dairy, was crossing Sev
enth and Madison streets with his wagon
when his horse stepped on a live arc light
wire. Tne animal was Instantly killed.
Silva jumped and escaped Injury. Police
men guarded the dangerous wire until the
circuit could be cut out and the Gas Com
pany, which handles the electric lighting:
as well, cut off the circuits as fast as re
ports of broken wires were made. This
left half the city In darkness. Repairs
could not be made to either the city or
the Berkeley lines to-night, because of
the extreme danger In which the line men
would be placed.
CALIFORNIA BENEFITED.
to an Inch.
At Los Angeles the Rainfall Amounts
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 20.— Almost an
other Inch of rain has fallen within the
last twenty-four hours, making the total
for the season 2.95 Inches. The floodgates
of the heavens have opened just at the
right moment and Southern California Is
properly thankful. The predictions are
favorable for a continuation of the wet
weather during the next twenty-four
hours.
WOODLAND. Nov. 20.— There was
another heavy shower last night, and pre
ceding it flakes of snow fell for a few
minutes. Indications for a very wet win
ter are multiplying every day. The or
chardists are particularly anxious, as
many trees In Yolo County will die this
season unless the ground is thoroughly
soaked with rain.
PETALUMA, Nov. 20.— A heavy rainfall
was recorded here to-day. During last
night and to-day .94 of an inch fell. For
the season to date. saysW. A. F. Stratton,
the local weather prophet, 5.89 inches has
fallen, which is about half the amount to
the same date last season. The present
storm will delay plowing and sowing of
crops, but will be of great benefit to pas
turage. Fruit will not be materially
damaged.
TULARE, Nov. 20.— Rain began falling
Rt 9 o'clock this morning and continues.
The total rainfall for the storm Is 2.48
inches. . -
. LODI, Nov. 20.— More than three inches
of rain has fallen here since the begin
ning of the storm last week, and I the
downpour continues.
HOLLISTER, Nov. 20.— Rain has been
steadily coming down here since last
night. For twenty-four hours the precipi
tation has been 1.21 inches, and for the
season 4.56 fnches. The rain extended to
all parts of the county. Streams are bank
full, and the San Benito River is boom
ing. Four Inches of rain is reported to
have fallen in the Panoche Valley.
SANTA MARIA, Nov. 20.— As elsewhere
in this county, 1 heavy rains have been fall
ing since Friday. They have amounted to
more than three Inches, and the down
pour continues.
STOCKTON. Nov. 20.— A steady rain
has-been falling all day, but up to 9
o'clock this evening It was not very
heavy. The , gauge showed that 1.07
inches had been received to-day," mak
ing, a total of 6.S3 for the storm and 4.66
for the season.; as against 6.92 for the
same time a year ago. A strong south
wind Is blowing and the Indications are
for a further downpour. The rain Is of
great benefit to summer fallow, grain and
food. • -'.* ' .••• ••¦¦
Snowstonn in Arizona,
WILLIAMS, ; Ariz.; Nov. 20.— A heavy
storm of rain and snow has prevailed over
the entire northern portion of > the Terri-
INTERESTS TEE COAST.
Risdon Iron "Works Secures Contract
for Repairing tho Lightship.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— Postmasters
appointed: California— W. P. Burke. Al
trurla, Sonoma County, vice Lllore Obry
an, resigned; Percy Davis, Coulterville,
Mariposa County, vice'J. E. Fleming, re
moved; C. A. Saffell. Hooker. Tehama
County, vice K. F. Halnave. resigned; I.
J. Chapman, Stent, Tuolumne County,
vice Samuel Arendt, resigned.
Washington— C. E. Nosier, Pateres,
Okanogan County, vice W. A. Sexsmlth,
resigned.
Pensions Issued to-day: California — Or
iginal—Christian Hansen, San Kranclsco,
\y, Thomas Cogan, Vallejo, $6. Increase—
E. R. Huggins. Fort Bragg, JS; Andrew
Robertson. Veterans' Home. Napa, $10;
John Ryan, Veterans* Home, Napa, $12;
Kugrene J. WaJsh, San I^uis Oblspo, $10.
Original widows— Alice E. Griflin. San
Francisco, JS; Mary C. Reaser, Oakland,
JS. Original— Edwin Baker, South Pasa
dena. $10; Joseph Washington. San Fran
cisco. JS. Supplemental — Edward Charles.
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8. Renewal
—Patrick F. Delaney, Los Angeles, 16.
Original widows— Mary Abble Scott, Oro
ville, $8; Mary a. Day. San Diego. JS.
Mexican War survivors — Increase — Wil
liam P. Bull. Monterey. J12.
Oregon — Original — James H. Messlnger,
Prineville, $G; David S. McFerren, Junc
tion City, $10. Original widows— Lydla
Baker, Ashland.
Washington— Additional— W. Brightlan.
Harts. IS. Restoration and Increase — Cey
lon Williams. Kingston, $12. Original wid
ows — Nancy Miles. Western, $8. Mexican
War survivors— Reissue and Increase-
James McAuliffe, Walla Walla, $!2.
A contract for repairs to light vessel
No. 70 at San Francisco was to-day
awarded to the Rlsdon Iron Works for
$ccos.
Patents Issued to-day: California— Hans
C. Behf, San Francisco, assignor to Fra
ser &. Chalmers, Chicago, hoisting appar
atus; Henry M. Benson, assignor to J. M.
Gale and A. Ward, San Francisco, com
bined curtain pole support and shade roll
er brackets; Ira O. Crosscup, San Fran
cisco, filtering apparatus; Isaajc A. Davis,
Corralitos. box-nailing device; Ira M. Dill
man, Oakland, ladder; Charles A. Galvln,
Modesto, metallic Ehingle; r'rank B. Hin
kelbeln, San Jose, ell or gasoline measur
ing can; Harry E. Lawrence. Fresno,
turfing implement; James C. Lewis,
Tracy, combination tool; Charles P. Ma
ganos and ¦W. H. Fulton, Alameda, pho
tographic finder; James McAiplne Jr., Gll
roy, automatic shut-off and alarm for gas
burners: William W. McCormlck. Santa
Rosa, throat shield; Valentine J. A. Roy,
San Francisco, carburetor; Henry A. Tel
lerson, Oakland, assignor one-half to V.
Castor, San Francisco, combination gun
cartridge; Frank S. Weatherly, Los An
geles, power transmitter: Samuel A.
West, assignor to B. A. Weltle, San Fran
cisco, dredger; A. Wildman, Spadra,
pump.
Washington— Albert Bennett, Puyallup,
hay press; John W. Berry, Tacoma, auto
matic weighing machine; John F. Klstler,
assignor to Hydrocarbon Gas Company,
Tacoma, gas generating machine.
Oregon— Augustus Prescott, Salem, and
L. I. Furber. Wlnlock, sluice gate.
SA2J JOSE WANTS THE
ODD FELLOWS' HOME
xnalito to the Garden
"Working for Its Removal From Ther-
SAN JOSE, Nov. 20.— The Odd Fellows
of this city and county ars making an
effort to have the Odd Fellows' Home,
now at Thermallto. located near this city.
At the last Grand Lodge session the ques
tion of moving tho home was brought up
and a special committee appointed to re
port at the meeting next May. The home
at Thermallto Is not advantageously situ
ated and the location is not considered
i healthful.
I A meeting of Odd Fellows will be held
I here on Sunday to consider the question.
] Two tracts of land near here have oeen
I offered at favorable terms. One is near
i Alum Rock Park and the other near Los
I Gatos. The Santa Clara County lodges
! propose to donate a site if the home be
j removed here. The Improvement Club
i and citizens generally alito are Interested.
( Other counties are bidding for the home.
\ It is said there are 125 Inmates an i the
yearly expenditures of tha institution
I reach 530,000.
Dawson Free From Smallpox.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 20.— Dawson
City advices brought by the steamer
Danube arriving to-day say the first over
land nuiil reached that city on November
L Captain Scarth of the Northwest
Mounted Police and mine recorder for the
Stewart River district, had a narrow
escape from death while on his way from
Stewart to Dawson. He broke through
the Ice three times on the Journey and tho
third time had all but succumbed when
rescued. On November 13 Dawson was
reported to have been free from new
cases of smnllpo- for ten days. .
Begerow Trial Nearing the End.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 20.— Attorney W. L.
Gill completed the closing argument in
the Bepcrow murder trial this morning
B. A. Herrington. attorney for Borrow,
followed, occupying the entire day. It
was contended that the killing of Jo«eph
Cech and August Berger was In self
defense and that Begerow shot only
when It was necessary to protect his own
life. District Attorney Campbell will closo
the case to-morrow, when it will be given
to the Jury.
Heavy Fall of Rain at Low Altitudes Throughout California and of
Snow in Mountains, With More to Follow.
STORM COVERS ENTIRE AREA FROM
ROCKY MOUNTAINS TO THE COAST
THE DOWNPOUR AROUSKS DIFFERENT EMOTIONS IN MEN PURSUING DIFFERENT LINES OF INDUSTRY.
HACKMAN AND FARMER REJOICE, WHILE THE IMPRESARIO MOURNFULLY FACES THE FACT THAT
EVEN SONG CANNOT LURE COMFORTABLY HOUSED PEOPLE FROM THEIR FIRESIDES.
Special Dlcpatch to The Call.
CRESCENT CITY. Nov. 20.— Walter
Brooking, a young man of Smith Kiver,
has disappeared. Two hundred men have
for several days prosecuted an unavailing
search for him, and the hope that he
might yet be found alive has about been
abandoned.
Paul Frederick, whose bachelor abode is
on "N'lnchuck River, which has its coursa
near the boundary line between California
and Oregon In a mountainous region
where there Is an ubundanct of game, on
Monday visited Smith River and Invited
Brooking to his ranch for a few days'
hunting. To the ranch by way of mo
wagon road is a distance or twenty miles,
but as the crow niea the route is short
ened to five miles. Frederick, having a
wagon and team, necessarily had to tako
the longer route, while Brooking decided
to try tne short cut through the densely
timbered mountains. Brooking started
early in the afternoon, expecting to reach
Frederick's place within a few hours.
Since that time he has not been seen.
A party of about lifty men was oreran
lzed and spent the night pressing its way
Into the almost impenetrable forest. The
next day the searching party was rein
forced by men from the various logging
camps, and each day since the force has
been augmented until two hundred men
are participating in the Bearch.
There are many theories respecting the
misfortune that has befallen the young
man. That he became bewildered and lost
his way is scarcely likely, as he was a
sportsman and from his boyhood had
hunted through these mountains. He had
with him his rifle and a young hound,
which also is missing. Some believe that
Brooking has been murdered by an In
dian and that to effectually conceal the
crime the dog also was killed.
W'alttr Brooking: was the son of Mr. and
Mrs. James Brooklnp. He was SO years
of ace. Relatives of the young man re
side in San Francisco and Oakland.
Two Hundred Men Seek in Vain
Some Trace of a Skilled
Huntsman and His
Hound.
BELIEVED TO HAVE LOST HIS LIFE
Vain Search for Young
Walter Brooking of
Smith River.
DISAPPEARS IN
WILDS OF DEL
NORTE COUNTY
Seamen Refuse to Answer Waen
Eailed by the Master of the
Schooner Azalea 02 San
Francisco.
• .¦
Epecial Dlc^atch to The CalL
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 20.— Captain Far
celius of the schooner Azalea, which ar
:i\ed bere yesterday from Port Blakeley.
I rings news of a probable mutiny on the
i.'hilean bark Latona.
••When we returned to Port Blakeley
niter our usual trip to San Diego." said
Captain FanJellus, "we found the Chilean
Laxk Latona in port, laden with lumber
and ready for sea. The captain of the
l^atcna is a Scov:hrnan and the lirst offi
cer a Norwegian, while the second officer
t-nd crew are all Chileans. During tho
Latona's stay in port the crew had given
tiie captain considerable troubie. and to
insure their services lor the voyage to
\ alparaiso he had them all conlined as
prisoners on board the vessel until he was
ready to put to sea. Under these condi
tions the Latona cleared from Pert
Blakeley. and twenty-eight days later we
sighted the vessel aoout 1:5 miles
oil San Francisco, headed due east.
"The Latona at that time was clearly
out of her course, and she ehould have
been at least ".'.< miles out to tea to catch
the trade winds. 1 sailed the Azalea
¦within fifty feet of the foreigner In order
to hail the captain and ascertain. If pos-
Elbie, why his vessel was so far out of
her course. It is always customary for
cm officer to be en deck at sea, but only
the sailors were in eight, and they did
not seem to know their course at all. To
the hall from the Azalea they gave no re
sponse, but continued to sail eastward.
"Failing to hear from the captain or
first mate, I am almost positive that
something hus occurred eince the ship left
port, cr.d I would not be surprised if it
were mutiny or murder. The Bailors were
all dissatisiied because of having: been
compelled to chip on the vessel. I believe
they took advantage of the captain when
the vessel wns out at eea. The captain of
the I^atona had h!s wife with him, and as
I saw no sign of her it is probable that
Bhe. too, has fallen a victim to the crew.
It was plainly to be seen that the men in
charge of the vessel were unable to shape
her course or to properly navigate It. The
v.-lnd at the time me sighted the Latona
was a fair cr.e for the vessel to keep her
en a southward course."
V£SSEL SAILS AIMLESSLY ABOUT
Captein of the Latona May
Have Been Murdered
by Crew.
CHILEAN BARK
IN THE CONTROL
OF MUTINEERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1900.
EFFECTS OF THE GLORIOUS CLIMATE OF CALIFORNIA.
BTJSSIA PUTS A DUTY
Oil FLOUR TOR SIBERIA
City.
3
AJ>VEETISE2EE2rrS.
*&)*>. j*gy jsi SB?* 'I cb-sg ot eczema
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
raid on receipt or price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD, 175 K t Spring st.. Ixjs Angeles, CaL
Either the looking-glass or the weather has probably •
convinced you ere this that you need a new. suit or
overcoat.
If you want a suit at a very reasonable price, see
our blue serge at ten dollars. The serge is a good, all-
round business suit, always stylish — looks well day or
evening, and, what's more, wears w^ell. Ours is a
g union-made*, fast color, blue serge suit, in single or double
1 breasted styles, that is a big value at the price —
siO.OO
I If you want an overcoat, now is the time to get it,
1 while we are holding our overstock sale. Some ten- i
I dollar black kersey overcoats are going for
«6.95
| Some twelve-dollar cheviots and coverts are reduced
I to $7.50 and so on; other values in various cloths from
58.50 to $15.00 and upward. . All are union made and
guaranteed — either the suits or overcoats.
Boys' Suits
The special sale of boys' suits lasts until to-morrow
night— up to that time you can get a good school suit for,,
ycur boy for
*2.50
We consider them the equal of the usual $4.00,
$4. 50 or §5.00 suits for boys that are generally sold in
retail stores. The suits from 9 to 15 years are plain, and
froiffl 5 to 10 years they have a sailor collar trimmed with
b/jaM; 'the coats of all ages are double breasted.
"Baseball outfit free with every boy's suit or over- \
' coat.'.- •}
Automobile coats for little girls from 3 to 13'years,
made to order from covert cloth, for ten dollars.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
sMWoop&ro
718 Market Street.
1 the question of the \
I hour. One more j
I party wanted with
I $300 to get in o'n
| the groundfloor of a
I first-class Oil Co.
| We court investi-
gation. 1
r Address Promoter, I
j box 248 Call. 11300. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; maidens; 8-year-olds & up; purse. $330.
Timfr-S-16, :19; 6-16. :S1; 5%f. 1:1OH. Good etart exceDt Nemesis. "Won ridden out. Second
ana third drivinsr. Winner, P. Ryan's b. g. by Strathmore-Kelp. Plohn is bred to run in
tno mud. No record-breakers among the others. Scratched— Grey Bob 104. 'Left
Doncaster stakes.
1345 Vulcain 12J 10ST Olocoto 13S
<1257)Modrtn« 123
Fifth race— Five and a half furlonn; three
year-olds and upward: iellin*.
13SS Morella 94! VZ* Racetto .....-- M
1202 Magnus 99 1358 I Don't Kaox.. 9J
562 Florinell n 9* Il!7 Choteau "
1360 Tom Sharkey... 94 1342 Credo -....- 93
.... Mao Flecknoe.. $4
Sixth race— Six aad a half forlonfs; all sses;
selling.
13<55 Birdie Storm $9 1123 March Savon .. 99
1344 Bernota 85 1324 Druldees -104
1348 Galanthus SS'UKSjSybarls .........101
1332 Mike Rice 104; 13T.3 Pilot 9*
(13S3)Boundlee I0o| 1359 Sir Kingston... 102
Probabl Winners.
First raee—Imperious, Sea Lion, 'Wyomlay.
Second rac*—Golden A^e, Bedeck. Articulate.
Third race —Duckoy. Genca, Onyx.
Fourth race—Modiice. Vulcain.
Fifth race—I Don't Know, Cfcoteau. Ku
Fleckno*.
Sixth rage— Sybarta. Sir Kingston. Boundlee.
Flames Rage Under the Big Structure for Five
Hours* — Mudlarks in Their Element.
FIREBUGS ATTEMPT DESTRUCTION
OF TANFORAN PARK GRANDSTAND
13<tl. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; nurse, J450.
1 '* 1 . :1 f^ : %> :3S; 1:M - Good 8tart - Won first threa driving. "Winner. L. B. Mc-
A il 8 B ' by !mp - Midlothlan-Taluda. David ran a game race. Miller let his mount's
read flown and this carelessness likely lost for the favorite. Atvay none too well. Argot
ran faster than the winner. She Is a good one. Lilly I>l(?gs had early speed.
Power Company Organized.
COLUSA. Nov. 20.— The Beckwlth Pow
er Company has been Incorporated with
Don Ray, Si C. Denson, William M. Pier
son, Charles Ray and Byron D. Beckwlth
as directors. The capital stock Is J750 000
and • the principal place of business San
Francisco.
Six-Day Bicycle Eatfb.'
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— The women's
six-day bicycle race at the Clermont
avenue rink in Brooklyn haa resolved it
self into a duel between Miss Marguerite
Gast and Miss Lottie Brandon of Canada
for first place.
MIes Brandon at the- end of the after
noon swooned on the track and lost a
great deal of time. Miss Pethard began
to show the effects of the strain she was
laboring under and had to withdraw from
the race permanently shortly before the
beginning of to-night's trick.
The final score for the day was: Miss
Gast, - 1C8.8 miles; Miss Brandon.' 105 6-
Miss Lindsey. 1C2.1; Miss Davis, 160.8- Mrs
Bayne, 158.4. '
Irish League Is Activ*
DUBLIN, Nov. 20.— At a meeting of the
directors of the United Irish' League to
ca" 1 . .John Redmond presiding:, a 1 resolution
calling on the Irish members of Parlia
ment not to attend the House of Commons
In December, but .to stay at home and
make a success of the convention for per
fecting the Nationalist organization, wa3
unanimously adopted. . '.• -;
SANTA CRT'Z. Nov. 20.— The funeral of Dar
win Erastus Kin*, father of. Mrs. H. E. Irish,
was held to-day. He was a native of Vermont
and 73 years of age.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 20.— Manuel O. and
Gonario P. Yglesias, charged with the murder
of Benjamtn Perez, were arraigned before
Justice Austin this morning and their prelim
inary examination set for to-morrow afternoon.
SPOKANE, Nov. 20.— A counterfeiters' den
was discovered by Detectivfs McDonald and
Caffrey last night in an old building on Front
avenue. Part of the outfit ras captured M '
J. Williams and Joe Harrison have beort ar
'reBleil, charged with parsing counterfeit silver
dollars. It is believed the leader of the gang
has t-scapfd.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 20.— Brakeman R. L
Dunkeson. employed on an extra freight train
bound east, while assisting in switching at
Delta on the Oregon at 3:li o'clock this morn
ing, fell under the train. His right arm and
rlKht Its w«>re cut off. The injured man was
taken to Dunsmuir a« quickly as possible
where Dr. Curl was summoned and attended
him. after which he was put on a train and
sent to the railroad hospital in Sacramento
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 20.— J. W. Sefton. a cap
italist of this city, paj-H that as. onn of the
direct results of the election of McKinley and
the triumph of the principles of Kfpubllcanlsm
he will at once commence the Wettion of a.
thre*-story business block-. at the. corner of
Fourth and C streets, opposite' the Hotel
Brewster. Mr. Sefton Is largely- interested in
manufacturing in the East and it was his part
ner in business who was effcted Governor of
Indiana two week* ago.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 20.—Chan
cellor Snow of the Kanxas University has come
to Stanford to spend the winter, having been
granted a leave of absence on account of 111
health. Chancellor Snow is well known - at
Stanford. His son. Will A. Snow, who gradu
ated from Stanford, in IS9S, was drowned last
fan in San Francisco Bay. The Chancellor is
an "old friend of Dr. Jordan, having been a
student with him at Penlkese Island, the
Agasslz School of Natural History.
COAST BREVETIES.
RESULTS OF THE RACES
ON EASTERN TRACKS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— Results at
Bennings:
Seven furlongs. eelllng-Buftoon won Ther
mos second, Boverage third. Time. 1:31.
Five furlongs, maiden two-year-olds— Sentry
wen. Alsora second. Far Sight third. Time,
1:02 4-G. ,
One mile and forty yards— Carbuncle won,
Rochester second. Annoy third. Time, 1:47 1-5.
Six furlongs, eelllnc— Midnight Chimes won.
Kid second. Elfin Conic third. Time, 1:17 2-o.
. One mile and Blxty yards— Handcuff won,
McLeorl of Dare second, Tension third. Time,
1:49 1-5. ¦
One mile and a sixteenth, handicap—Klnni
kinnic ¦won. Decanter second, Charentus. third.
Time, 1:50. . .
CINCINNATI, Nov. 20.— Weather at
Newport rainy. Results:
Six furlongs— An»el won, Empress of Beauty
second. Glass Slipper third. Time, l:20H-
One mile and an elshth— Winter won. Gover
nor Boyd eecond, Isaac third. Time, 1:59*4-
Seven furlongs, selling— Pauline J won, Dous
terswlvel ; second. Lake Fonso third. . Time,
1:S2H- = ¦ ¦ ¦ ' - ' ¦ ¦•'¦¦"
One mile— Ben Rattle . won, - Etta second, Ben
Boy third. Time. 1:45%.
Five furlongs, selling— The Covenanter won,
Miss Aubray second, Jupiter, third. Time, 1:04.
Ore mile, selling— Cllpsetta won, William O.
Welsh second. Zaza third. Time, 1:49.
AGBEEMENT OF THE - : - . ; - ' \ .~-
BASEBALL LEAGUE EXTENDED
Time Given in Which < to Meet and
Perfect a New Organiza
r tion.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20.— President Ben
Johnson of the American Baseball League
stated that he had received telegrams
from all the dubs in the league extending
for thirty days -the present flve years'
agreement which expired' to-night. ¦ This
will give thirty days in which to meet and
perfect the organization with the new
circuit, which is to include Washington
and -Baltimore. President Johnson ! alwi
emphatically, denied that the American
League had agreed to back a new. West
ern baseball circuit to be known a<» tne
Western Association -and to Include Kan
sas City. Minneapolis, St. Paul. Rockford
or Des Molnes," Grand Rapids, Louisville,
Dayton and Toledo.- •
Stanford Not to Xose Baitt.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY,. Nov. 20.—
The football . enthusiasts . are , happy > over
the ; announcement : that { Quarterback
Raltt, who wan called horn* by the : ill
ness of his * father,* will return In time for
the Thanksgiving game.
TESTIMONY AI.L TAKEN
i IN THE WILLIAMS CASE
Counsel For and Against the Slayer
of Martin Will To-Day Com
mence Their Argument.
STOCKTON. Nov. 20.— The taking of
testimony in the Williams murder trial
wae concluded to-day, and arguments will
be begun in the morning. The testimony
offered by the State in rebuttal was not
extensive, but some of It went to very
Ball'ent pionts. William Dolan. the South
ern Pacific conductor who, \\ ..Hams said
yesterday, possibly was present at the
mooting between himself and Martin on
the Oakland ferry-boat, testified that he
was not present at' that meeting. Dr. F.
Burton testilied that he attended James
Sporry, who. Witness Sllnkey testified
yesterday, was pre.«ont at the meeting be
tween Martin and Williams in San Fran
cisco in September, Ociober or November
of 1S96, when Martin drew a revolver on
Williams and threatened to shoot, during
the latter'B last illness, and that James
Eperry died on September 28, 1896.
"Is It not a fact that James Spcrry was
sick in bed at the home of his brother,
Austin Sperry, for over a month before
his death?" he was asked.
"Yes, sir."
Constable Beach was called.
"At the time you took Captain Williams
to Jail on the night of August 1. did you
examine his facer' ne was asked.
"I did." was the reply.
"Did you notice any bruise or scratches
on it?" .
"1 did not."
Deputy Sheriff McCullough corroborated
Beach. The District Attorney then an
nounced that the prosecution had no fur
ther evidence to offer. •
Counsel for defense said they would
have their instructions by to-morrow
morning and wanted the argument to go
on in the meantime, but the prosecution
favored the usual rule being followed—
that of submitting the Instructions beforo
the arguments were commenced. The
court ordered an adjournment till to-mor
row morning, at which time the argument
will be commenced.
Second Degree Murder.
SOUTH BEND. Wash.. Now 20— The
Jury to-day brought in a verdict of guilty
of murder In the second degree against
J. H. Gates and acquitted In the case of
Louritz Olson. The jury recommended
Gate« to the clemency of the court.
Gat^s and Olscn were accused of the
murder of Captain William Beeson of the
gasoline schooner Lanore on the Wlllapa
Klver on the night of August 9 last.
Statues Mounted at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.- ; Nov..20.-
The statues which Mrs. Stanford had
made in Genoa have been pet up, fn tha
center of the university quadrangle'. They
ere of heroic size, the late Senator Stan
ford and his 3on. Leland. standing; and
Mrs. Stanford kneeling at the left, with
her band on her son's shoulder. The
etatuee are of bronze and are mounted on
a granite pedestal four feet hlgii.' • They
face the memorial arch.
STOW'S PARENTS OBJECT
AND HE STEPS » OUT
Big Freshman Known as the "Human
Plow" Will Not Be in Berkeley
Eleven.
BERKELEY, Nov. 20.— Sam Stow, the
big freshman who has been playing
right guard on the "varsity" eleven, has
been compelled to abandon the game be
cause of the Insistent objections from his
parents. Stow's loss is a serious one. He
would undoubtedly have been in the line
on the big eleven because he ranks as one
of tho best guards that ever played with
the blue and gold. Weighing 180 pounds
and coming from Belmont with the sobri
quet "The Human Plow," Stow was ex
pected to be one of the shining stars In
the intercollegiate game; but parental
protests could not be overcome, and ho
has stepped out.
Orval Overall, who has been trying for
fullback, is a candidate with Larry
O'Toolo for Stow's place in the line. It Is
likely Overall will make right guard, but
he is a better man at fullback. Duden
will probably win a place back of the line
as matters stand now. This afternoon Al
Lean commenced work on the men. There
was some signal work on the campus and
In the gymnasium.
twice almost suffocated by smoke. Is also
deserving of much praise.
Frank W. Covey, manager of Palo Alto
stock farm, and a thorough student of
breeding, will act as auctioneer on this
occasion.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Seven and a half furlongs; fttar
year-olds and upward; eelllnr.
1352 Imperious 107 571 Sea Lion .......110
133S Montanus 110 1335 St. "Wood 10»
.*.. Eddie Jones ....10} 1006 fcaclvan 107
1841 Astor 101 1340 Castak» 107
1357 Opponent 104 1327 Campus 104
1343 "Wyoming 107
Second race — Six furlongs; twtvre*u>old>;
puree.
(1349)Golden Ag» ....Ul 1339 Bedfck Ill
1333 Articulate 1U
Fourth race — Seven furlonea; three-yearK>lds;
Third race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
10SI Ostler Joe 102 1359 VCallenstein ... 94
1222 Don Iiuls 93 1144 Genua 39
1354 Duckoy 94 1330 Onyx 99
940 Cyril 99 1313 Morlnga 93
1358 Montallade .... S9
By F. E. Mulholland.
FIRE was discovered in tho base
ment of the northern end of tho
grand stand at Tanforan Park
shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday
. morning and only through heroic
efforts was the big structure saved from
destruction.
The fire started underneath the restau
rant, where some old lumber was stored.
Track Superintendent Cushing was coon
on the scene and ordered closed all aper
tures, thus shutting off any draught that
might fan th© flames. Th« Redwood City
fire department responded to a call for
assistance, and arriving on a special train
gave valuable aid. An opening was
chopped in the floor just in front of the
restaurant entrance and two streams of
water were kept playing steadily on the
flames. Not until 7 o'clock was the fire
finally subdued.
Although the damage was not serious,
many of the big timbers supporting the
betting ring will have to bo replaced.
The origin of tho fire Is a mystery. It
is learned on reliable authority that
flames were seen Issuing from four differ
ent places and incendiarism is strongly
euspected. The whole matter vrill.be rig
idly investigated.
Pouring rain and a track that was a
perfect sea of mud seriously detracted
from the sport yesterday. The crowd
seemed to possess a good line on the mud
larks and administered another severe
walloping to the bookmakers. Four heav
ily backed favorites, a second and a third
choice, each well supported, contributed,
to l v e depletion of the. ring's exchequer.
Pknn, a Strathmore horse from P.
Ryan's stable and a 7 to 5 choice, took
the first event, a short sprint, in clever
fashion. Ting-a-Ling put up a stiff argu
ment to within a sixteenth from the wfre,
where he flattened out, iastinj? long
enough, however, to beat Eight Dollara
for the place.
Such a good thing was Bab, a filly
sporting the Schorr colors, one of six
starters in the two-year-old scramble,
that tho smart ones were willing, to ac
cept any sort of a short price. She closed
a 1 to 2 chance, and in a rattling drive
Ktley on David S outfinished J. Miller
astride the favorite, getting the verdici
by a nose. Miller was severely criticized,
as the close observers thought only care
lessness lost the race.
Louis Ezell's mare, The Lady, came in
for big backing to win the mile- purse run.
She seemed to like the going and under
Kiley's excellent handling defeated Gnn
falon with something in reserve. Greeii
ock came out sore after hia run in the
Opening handicap, appearing unable to
raise a gallop.
No liberties were taken with Hermoso
by the books and at odds of 1- to 20 the
big chestnut won the next number as he
pleased. MaoLaren, a 60 to 1 shot, chased
the winner to the stretch, finally losing
the place to Horton, the second choice.
Owing to an injured hoof Autumn was
excused from being a starter In the mile
and a sixteenth run and a tremendous
plungo was made on The Fretter. From
twos the colt's price was forced down to
4 to 5 and he simply smothered Rio Chico
and Acrobat. This was one of tha se
verest blows dealt the ring.
Miller redeemed himself partly by cap
turing the last race of the day with Dan
gerfield. The Schorr colt had speed to
burn, and, catching the leg-weary Sad
Sam as the wire was approached, won
driving by less than a length. Screen wel!
Lake, the favorite, finished fourth.
Track Notes.
J. McDonald, the. well-known Jockey,
was granted a license yesterday by tha
Tanforan Park Association. He is under
contract to ride for W. D. Randall, the
Montana horseman. .
W. G. Layng ' of the Occidental Horse
Exchange received a telegram from Bitter
Root* stock farm yesterday, stating that
all arrangements for the sale of yearlings
bred by Marcus Daly were off. ¦„
To-morrow night the dispersal sale of
Palo Alto stock farm will be held .at Oc
cidental. Horse Exchange, 721 Howard
street Yearlings, two-year-olds and
three-year-olds, seventeen in number;
sired toy Flambeau, Racine, Imp. Mariner
and . Imp. Loyalist, will pass under the
hammer. On the same evening nine richly
bred. yearlings by the great St. Carlo, tho
property of W. O'B. Macdonough, will be
sold to the highest bidder. :
•On receipt of a telegram stating that tho
grand* stand was ablaze, Charles L. Fair,
one of, the directors of. the "San Francisco
Jockey Club, chartered a special train
and. hurried to the scene of the conflagra
tion, -a ': - -, -,v ¦¦•;¦¦¦¦.¦:•¦; ¦• ¦-- ¦-, ¦¦--*•¦ • -. ; :
Charley Kane, an employe of the track,
was; one of the hardest v workers engaged
In suppressing the flames. An aged horse
man -who i held ; & hosa nozsle • and '• was
DEFENDS HIS
SISTER'S NAME
WITH PISTOL
Howard P. Preston Shoots
Thomas H. May at
Jamestown. >
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SONORA, Nov. 20.— At Jamestown to
i.ight Howard A. Preston shot Thomas
K. May of the Excelsior Hotel, at Sugar
Pine. The bullet entered the left breast.
Preston accused May of making slight
ing remarks about his sister. Hot words
followed, and the shot was fired. There
were f«w witnesses, and it Is not known
whether May made an attempt to shoot
rirst.
May passed through Bonora on his way
to Jamestown this afternoon. Doctors
Nash and Congdon are probing for the
bullet. It is not yet known whether the
wound is fatal.
Preston is a prominent mining man of
this county and a eon of the late A. B.
Preston of Jamestown. May is a native
of Arkansas and formerly kept a saloon
in Jamestown.
JAPANESE MADE
TO GET OUT OF
WEST HIGHLAND
Five Laborers Escorted by
Vigilance Committee
to a Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX BERNARDINO, Nov. 20.— At West
Tligiilr.ml, five miles north of here, short
j ly after dark last night, a vigilance com
j inn tee numbering twenty-five men went
to the ranch house of W. F. Carpenter
i and demanded of five Japanese, laborers,
j who arrived there yesterday morning to
j pick oranges, that they take their imme
diate departure. The Japanese entered a
\. strong protest against .what they con
j pidered an unreasonable request, where
i upon the leader of the mob gave the com-
I maud and almost instantly the little
i brown men were placed in a wagon, to
gether with their personal effects, and
hauled to the S^nta Fe depot, where. It
I la said, they were held under guard
ponding the arrival of a passenger train.
They were placed aboard the cars and
warned not to return under penalty of
loping their lives. %.
The Japanese reached here this morning
still badly frightened. A Japanese em
ployment agent has arrived in San Ber
nardino from Los Angeles and it is re
ported he will lay the matter before the
Japanese Consul at San Francisco im
meclintely. Sheriff Rouse announced his
readiness to protect the Japanese from
any violence.
During the past three weeks there has
been a heavy influx of these men from
the north to all points in San Bernardino
and Riverside counties, seeking employ
ment in the orange orchards and packing
houses. Their presence Is looked upon
with much disfavor by American help and
the latter hav» frequently declared openly
thut there shall be no cheap coolie labor
In this section the coming season. Sev
eral large fruit phippers admit that the
labor problem presents a more serious
phase now than it ever haa before.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FIIOEXIX, Ariz., Nov. 20.— Governor
Murphy to-day commuted the sentence of
John Echols, who has served three of his
ten years* sentence, to four years. Echols
will soon walk forth from the penitenti
ary. His imprisonment was the result of
a conviction for stage robbery, and the
commutation Is prompted by .the startling
confession of King Uesery, a noted crimi
nal, who says he, was "the guilty person,
and adroitly arranged his plans bo that
suspicion fell on Echols. , /
About three years ago a, stage running
between Prescott and the Crown King
mine was held up by a lone robber. in the
mountains near Gladiator Mill. Tho high
wayman relieved three passengers of $500
and made away with the mail pouch. The
robber was masked, carried a rifle and
wore hob-nailed shoes, so that his trail
was followed by a posse without difficul
ty. It led over tho mountains to the cabin
of Echols,.
On the trail was found a mailpouch
which had been looted and pieces ol cloth
which evidently had formed part of a
mask. The pursuing party followed the
trail to the cabin, where it found Echols.
In a room were found the hobnailed
shoes, the rifle and another piece of the
cloth. Echols protested his innocence,
but was taken to Prescott for trial, and
the circumstantial evidence appeared so
conclusive that he was convicted. On.
account of his bad record in Colorado,
where, it is said, he killed a man, his
sentence was ten years.
While Kchols lay In jail in Prescott
Ussery was captured after an exciting
chase and also Jailed there on a charge
of stealing horses from John Cline in
Tonto Basin. He employed Thomas Flan
nigan of Phoenix to defend him.
"I will pay you also to defend Echols,"
he once said to Flannigan. "I don't know
the man, but am convinced of his inno
cence."
lichols was pent to the penitentiary,
but Ussery was acQuitted and. within a
year was arrested again for "cattle rust
ling." He escaped jail at Globe, but was
recapture and when ; he saw the peni
tentiary i staring him in the face he wrote
to his attorney, confessing his guilt in the
Gladiator mine hold-up and exonerating
Kchols, who, he said, knew nothing about
it. This confession was confided only lo
his attorney, but after a year's Imprison
ment at Yuma, Ussery made a compre
hensive affidavit, which was submitted to
the Governor. ',:¦:¦ - .
Governor Murphy has been investigat
ing the case since that time and was
prompted to issue a pardon, .but he
learned that Ussery, while in the Crown
King Mountains, had mane his headquar
ters at Echols' claim and he believed th<3
latter knew something of tho stage hold
up. Echols' credits will shorten his. Im
prisonment to several months. -./...
Serving Time for a Robbery
Which Another Admits
He Committed.
GONVICT FREED
BY CONFESSION
OF GUILTY MAN
rime— H, :25; V6. :B0; «4, 1:16*4. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, J. F. Schorr*!
b. c. by imp. Neweourt-Malftda. Sad Sam looked for the referee to call corner* at the
stretch turn. Still he staid well for him. Nellie Forest came from far back In the woods.
With a rood start she might have won. Screenwell Lake ran disappointingly. Birdie
Stone, a hot tip/ oft badly. Scratched— Loneliness 99. Scallywag 102.
1»<>5. SIXTH RACE— Six rurlonga; selling:; two-year-old* ; rrarse, J3oa
Time— 1-16, :06H; 5-16, :31Vi; 9-18, :68; 13-18, 1:25; 1 l-16m, 1:63. Good start. Won galloping.
Second and third driving. Winner, F. J. O'Rourke's ch. c by Imp. Brutus-Xerva. Fretter
can beat much better ones, and his name Is a good one. to remember. Chlco ran a nice race.
Acrobat no account. Scratched — Autumn 109.
13O4. FIFTH RACB-Ona mile and a sixteenth; four-year-olds and upward; purse. J500.
MATCHMAKER BUMMERLAD
of the Golflpn Gate Athletic
Club wr.uld not take a prize for
being the most brilliant match
maker !n the world. That he
lacks a discriminating eye in the choice
of amateur was apparent last
night at the monthly boxing exhibition of
his club.
Out of eight bouts presented to a small
gathering of calloused fight goers, he pre
ef-nted one bout that was worthy of being
called such. This was the five-round con
test between J«>e Sullivan and Dick Mar
tin. The judges declared Sullivan the
winner, but the decision did not meet with
the approval of the majority of the house.
Hoots and jeers greeted the awarding of
The medal to Suilivan. The flpht ehouhl
have been declared a draw, as both lads
were on their feet fighting fast and fu-
riou«ly. It was bo even up to the fourth
that an oxtra round was called, and it
was evident to everybody that Alartin. al
though pomirwhat tired, was returning
blow for blow.
"Kid" Chinner gained a decision over
"Kid" Finnerty, alias Abie Cantor. The
latter fought the previous evening before
a rival club and won out. but he was not
so fortunate in his second fifrht. Abie did
all the leading for three rounds, but in his
anxiety to make connections he toppled
all ovor himself. Chinner had a majority
of friends in the house, and their yelling
influenced the judges somewhit in his fa
vor.
Jack Welch, a lanky youth built on the
style of a mosquito, had a left that was a
veritable sting. He shot it out so often
that he made George O'Hrien quit in one
round. Jack Murray entered the ring with
a dark "lamp," and after a few minutes
of heavy fighting with Tommy Bell his
other went into eclipse. Bell becamo
weary from jabbing Murray and might
have succumbed to a good punch, but
Murrav was too eager. In the .third round
Hell crossed Murray with a pretty right
and Murray rubbed his bloody proboscis
on the canvas. He was unable to rise,
and Hell was declared the victor.
Louis Burns, a small boy who ought to
have been in a kindergarten, tried con
clusions with a stocky youth named Kane,
and he made a sorry figure if. the ring.
He lasted a round and a-'ialf. "Dusty"
Roads made short work of Dan Fitzger
ald, alias Reagan. The latter stayed with
the Bame but two rounds. "Sailor Shar
key" was to have met Charles Prieste, but
the latter failed to materialize. Jack
Niles was substituted. Niles was nervous
when he entered the ring, but he became
positively frightened when he saw a tat
tooed knife on the sailor's mighty right.
He feared he was going to be scalped and
he saved his hair by dropping on a soft
spot in the second round.
Time— 3-18 :19H; 7-16, :43%; 9-16. :E6H; 6&f. 1:23. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third
easily. Winner, Fred Cook's ch. h. by imp. Fir. Modred-Fldellty. Winner has a bewilder
ing turn of speed In moist going. Horton did the best he could. MacLarer* had worked
welL Hungarian ran poorly. Hogran no account In the mud.
A FEW HIGHLY INTERESTING FEATURES OBSERVED BY A CALL. CARTOONIST DURING THE LIVELY FIS
TIC ENTERTAINMENT LAST NIGHT IN WASHINGTON SQUARE HALL. THE RAIN DID NOT DAMPEN
THE ENTHUSIASM OF THE FIGHTERS OR SPECTATORS.
VMVA. FOURTH RACTV-Slx and a half furlongs; telling; three-year-olds and up; purse, 1400.
h fT U - :2 ™4 : '*• :51H: % ' 1:17 H; mile, 1:41% Good etart. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner. L. H. Ezell's b. m. by Kingston- Seville. A stronger rider on Gonfalon
m gnt have landed him first. Company too speedy for Herculean. Greenock wanned up
stiff and sore^
l.tttg. THIRD RACE-One mile; three-year-olds; curee, $400.
Leading politicians did not fall to ob
serve that United States Senators Bard
and Perkins made the recommendation to
fill the vacancy in the office of Collector
of Customs without consulting the wishes
of other members of the California Con
gressional delegation. - Representative
Loud evidently anticipated that the Sen
ators had resolved to control the Federal
appointments, as he did not express great
surprise when he ascertained that a rec
ommendation for the Collectorship, had
been made without his knowledge.
Representative Kahn was taken by sur
prise. When he learned that F. S. Strat
ton had been recommended he was indig
nant. On the quiet Representative Met
calf s views may have been solicited. Per
haps, on the assuranco that one of the
Alameda aspirants would get the offlco
anyway, ho did not further concern him
self. .Representative Needham's Seventh
District is long, and in places wide. Hence
he had affairs of his own territory to com
mand his attention.
It is a well-grounded belief that the
California Senators in Congress have re
solved to adhere to the plan of exclusive
conferences In dealing with the future dis
tribution of Federal patronage In Califor
nia. This custom of giving to the Sen
ators the exclusive power of recommenda
tion for appointments is well established
in many of the leading Eastern Congres
sional delegations, but it has not been
6trictly honored .by California Congress
men. For ten years prior to the election
of Thomas R. Bard this State had only
one Republican in the Senate. Now there
are two Republican Senators from thi3
commonwealth and the administration Is
Republican. The conditions, therefore,
are favorable for Senatorial control or
the Federal patronage.
When Stephen M. White, a Democrat,
was the colleague of Senator Perkins, the
latter was often compelled to seek the
support of Republican members of the
House in order to carry out his plans. It
is doubtful If Senator Perkins could have
secured the appointment of Colonel J. 1*.
Jackson to the office of Collector of Cus
toms without the assistance of Republi
can Representatives in Congress. Joseph
S. Spear Jr. had strong indorsements — so
Influential was his support that the Sen
ator had a long and hard battle to obtain
the office for Colonel Jackson.
Senators Bard and Perkins have had
many close heart-to-heart talks during
the last three months. The subject of
Federal patronage in California was fully
discussed at their secret conferences In
Orange County. It appears to be under
stood that Senator Bard will name the
successor of John C. Lynch, Collector of
Internal Revenue, and Frank L. Coombs,
United States District Attorney. Lynch' s
appointment to a lucrative Federal offlco
caused some astonishment In California,
but his early retirement will produce
neither surprise nor regret.
Senator Perkins will attend the confer
ence of the Valley Development Associa
tion at Sacramento next Saturday. Sen
ator Bard has been obllg/ed - to Eend his
regrets to the Sacramento coir.mittee, as
existing engagements will not allow him
to attend the meeting.
Representative Loud haa made arrange
ments to leave San Francisco to-day for
"Washington. He suspects that the Sen
ators have resolved to dispose of the Fed
eral patronage In their own way.
Represents ti vi? Julius Kahn expects to
leave San Francisco for Washington next
Sunday.
¦\V. B. Lnrdner, State Senator-elect to
represent the counties of El Dorado' and
Placer, is In the city.
A. E. Muenter. State Senator-elect from
Ban Joaquln County, was In the city yes
terday.
H. S. "Wanzer, assistant" clerk of the As
sembly at the last session of the Legisla
ture and secretary of the Republican
State Convention at Santa Cruz, is a can
didate for chief clerk of the Assembly.
Representatives in Congress Prob
ably to Have No Voice in Se
lecting 1 the Federal Offi
cers in California.
Result of the Recent Confer
ences Between Perkins
and Bard.
SENATORS MAY
ALONE CONTROL
THE PATRONAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1900.
Golden Gate Athletic Club Presents a Mixed
Card to the Patrons of the Ring.
AMATEUR PUGILISTS PUMMEL BACH
OTHER FOR TROPHIES AND GLORY
THE GALL'S RACING CHART.
TANFORAN PARK, TUESDAY, November 20, 1300.— Weather showery. Track sloppy.
4
I l p °l
Index iHorse, A«e, Weight. PstlSt.
%.
Jockeys.
I, Betting «
Op. HI. Cl. PL
K-
Str.
Fin.
.... Plohn, S 104 11 4
1306 Tins-a-Ling, 3....104 1 2
.... Eight Dollars, 8. .114 7 6
1294 Honduran, 3 104 10 6
1326 Magrnelone, B 109 6 3
Sara Howard, 8. .104 .2 8
1013 Tom Sharkey, 8..104 3 1
1306 Lew Zara, 3 107 B 10
1294 Dianora, 4 .......109 9 7
.... May Boy, 6 109 4 9.
.... Nemesis. 3 .......104 8 •
21
13
8 2
2 h
4 1
8 2
6 1
96
7 6
10
2 3
12
31
6 3
4 1
7
6 1
9 1
8 7
10
14
2 2
I 33
Urn
7 1'
f 1
Mi,
9 8
10
1 VA J. Walsh....
2 2 Wedderet'd
3 6 Dlngley
4 2' Vickery
5 Z Mounce
6 1 J. "W'aldo....
7 1 J. Miller.....
8 h J. "Woods....
9 10 Enoa
10 Brodlen
J. Martin
8-6
3 .
15
6
20
7
7
20
20
7
8-6
. 7-2
60
9
25
20
20
12
30
3)
10
7-5
7-2
5(T
. 9
25
20
20
12
80
20
10
7-13
6-5
13
3
10
8
8
6
10
8
4
T ¦. ¦ po.
Index iHorse and Weight. Pst St.
H.
%i
Str.
Fin. Jockeys.
I, Bettln*
Op. HI. Cl.
PI.'
1346 David 8 115
.... Bab no
1349 Arsrct 115
Quiho 113
1232 Lilly DlERS us
.... Cousin Carrie ....110|
5 1
6 4
3 6
2 3
4 2
1 5
22
3 1
6
5 2
12
4 h
1 1
3 3
6
4 H
21
62
23
1 M
S n
4 2
51
1 ns
2 6
3 2
4 5
5 1
6
KHey
J. Miller
Coburn
J. Martin....
H. Shields...
En os
S
1
4
«
s
12
I
e
15
13
20
«
1-t
s
15
13
20
7-5
3-8
5
s
T
Po. I
Index lHorse and Weight. PstlSt.
%.
Str.
Ftn. I
Jockeys.
1/ Bettlnx *
) Op. HI. Cl. PL
hi.
1351 The Lady Ill 1 I
3351 Gonfalon 115 2 3
1338 Herculean ill 4 4
1357 Greenock 115 8 2
2 4
88
1 n
_4
2 1
8 12
12
4
1%
25
815
4
1 1
25
31S
Kiley I 6-5
Domlnlck ... 5-2
Coburn 15
J. Miller..... I 2
8-5
13-5
17
3^
4-6
13-5
17
S_
'ndex
lPo.1
Horse, Age, Weight. rPstlgt.
H.
Jockeys.
I, Betting \
Op. HI. Cl. PL
%-
Btr.
Fin.
Hermoso. 5 115 4 3 11 11 15 15 Dominick ...i 1-3 2-5 7-20 — •
(1350) Hortpn. 4 110 5 4 4 5 4 5 II 2 6 Coburn S 18-5 18-5 *-5
;;;: Macl^aren. 8 102 11 3 8 21 36 85 Wedderefd 15 60 60 18
1JS5 Olinthus, 4 110 6 6 6 6 6 4 1 H. Shields... 15 60 60 15
1337 Hungarian. 4 107 2 S'51 51 6h 6 Vt J. Woods 6 10 8 2
133. Matt Hogan, 8.... 99 3 2 21V4 34 4h 6 J. TValdo 15 20 20 7-8
Po.
Index Horso, Age, 'Weight. J,Pst St.
J4.
H.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
-Betting —
HI. a.
PL
1315 The Fretter. 4. ...117 1 2
1347) nio Chlco. 4 109 S 1
1336 Acrobat. 6 103| 2 8
1 4
2 8
3
1 4
2 8
3
1 «
2 8
3
1 4
3 <
3
Coburn 8-6
Etios 8-5
J. Woods.... B-2
2
S
5-2
4-5
5-2
1-3
l-a
Index
Po.
Index Horse and Weight Pst St.
1346 Dangrerfleld 106 9 4
1295 Sad Sam 96 3 2
(1846) Nellie Forest 95 2 7
1346 Screenwell Lake. H 10 6
1331 Laurie Marie .... 93 1 5
1325 Plcklow 96 5 3
.... Birdie Btons 105 4 9
1341 S«>ide 105 7 8
130S Irate 93 6 1
1093 ChaBte 99 g 10
4 1
1 5
TVt
2 h
3 h
6H
8 1
10
9 1
51
%.
2 2
1 3
8 h
«H
61
75
4 1
9 1
10
8H
1/ Betting ,
Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
2 5 1 % J. Miller..... 3 VL4 lT^ 2
Hi 2 6 J. Waldo.... 6 6 < 6-2
3 8 8 2 Dominlck ... 3 9-2 »-2 2
4 u 4 8 Coburn 3 3 8 7-5
6 1 6 % J. Martin.... e 10 10 4
6 1 6 2 Buckley .... 30 75 CO 20
7 H 7 3 J. T. Woods 6 20 7 S
9 1 8ti J. Daly.... f. 3 6 « 8-2
10 9 1 J. Woods 16 60 BO 15
8 h 10 J. Walah.... 10 20 20 %
I l p °l
Index iHorse, A«e, Weight. PstlSt.
%.
Jockeys.
I, Betting «
Op. HI. Cl. PL
K-
Str.
Fin.
.... Plohn, S 104 11 4
1306 Tins-a-Ling, 3....104 1 2
.... Eight Dollars, 8. .114 7 6
1294 Honduran, 3 104 10 6
1326 Magrnelone, B 109 6 3
Sara Howard, 8. .104 .2 8
1013 Tom Sharkey, 8..104 3 1
1306 Lew Zara, 3 107 B 10
1294 Dianora, 4 .......109 9 7
.... May Boy, 6 109 4 9.
.... Nemesis. 3 .......104 8 •
21
13
8 2
2 h
4 1
8 2
6 1
96
7 6
10
2 3
12
31
6 3
4 1
7
6 1
9 1
8 7
10
14
2 2
I 33
Urn
7 1'
f 1
Mi,
9 8
10
1 VA J. Walsh....
2 2 Wedderet'd
3 6 Dlngley
4 2' Vickery
5 Z Mounce
6 1 J. "W'aldo....
7 1 J. Miller.....
8 h J. "Woods....
9 10 Enoa
10 Brodlen
J. Martin
8-6
3 .
15
6
20
7
7
20
20
7
8-6
. 7-2
60
9
25
20
20
12
30
3)
10
7-5
7-2
5(T
. 9
25
20
20
12
80
20
10
7-13
6-5
13
3
10
8
8
6
10
8
4
T ¦. ¦ po.
Index iHorse and Weight. Pst St.
H.
%i
Str.
Fin. Jockeys.
I, Bettln*
Op. HI. Cl.
PI.'
1346 David 8 115
.... Bab no
1349 Arsrct 115
Quiho 113
1232 Lilly DlERS us
.... Cousin Carrie ....110|
5 1
6 4
3 6
2 3
4 2
1 5
22
3 1
6
5 2
12
4 h
1 1
3 3
6
4 H
21
62
23
1 M
S n
4 2
51
1 ns
2 6
3 2
4 5
5 1
6
KHey
J. Miller
Coburn
J. Martin....
H. Shields...
En os
S
1
4
«
s
12
I
e
15
13
20
«
1-t
s
15
13
20
7-5
3-8
5
s
T
Index
Po.
Index Horse and Weight Pst St.
1346 Dangrerfleld 106 9 4
1295 Sad Sam 96 3 2
(1846) Nellie Forest 95 2 7
1346 Screenwell Lake. H 10 6
1331 Laurie Marie .... 93 1 5
1325 Plcklow 96 5 3
.... Birdie Btons 105 4 9
1341 S«>ide 105 7 8
130S Irate 93 6 1
1093 ChaBte 99 g 10
4 1
1 5
TVt
2 h
3 h
6H
8 1
10
9 1
51
%.
2 2
1 3
8 h
«H
61
75
4 1
9 1
10
8H
1/ Betting ,
Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
2 5 1 % J. Miller..... 3 VL4 lT^ 2
Hi 2 6 J. Waldo.... 6 6 < 6-2
3 8 8 2 Dominlck ... 3 9-2 »-2 2
4 u 4 8 Coburn 3 3 8 7-5
6 1 6 % J. Martin.... e 10 10 4
6 1 6 2 Buckley .... 30 75 CO 20
7 H 7 3 J. T. Woods 6 20 7 S
9 1 8ti J. Daly.... f. 3 6 « 8-2
10 9 1 J. Woods 16 60 BO 15
8 h 10 J. Walah.... 10 20 20 %
Po.
Index Horso, Age, 'Weight. J,Pst St.
J4.
H.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
-Betting —
HI. a.
PL
1315 The Fretter. 4. ...117 1 2
1347) nio Chlco. 4 109 S 1
1336 Acrobat. 6 103| 2 8
1 4
2 8
3
1 4
2 8
3
1 «
2 8
3
1 4
3 <
3
Coburn 8-6
Etios 8-5
J. Woods.... B-2
2
S
5-2
4-5
5-2
1-3
l-a
'ndex
lPo.1
Horse, Age, Weight. rPstlgt.
H.
Jockeys.
I, Betting \
Op. HI. Cl. PL
%-
Btr.
Fin.
Hermoso. 5 115 4 3 11 11 15 15 Dominick ...i 1-3 2-5 7-20 — •
(1350) Hortpn. 4 110 5 4 4 5 4 5 II 2 6 Coburn S 18-5 18-5 *-5
;;;: Macl^aren. 8 102 11 3 8 21 36 85 Wedderefd 15 60 60 18
1JS5 Olinthus, 4 110 6 6 6 6 6 4 1 H. Shields... 15 60 60 15
1337 Hungarian. 4 107 2 S'51 51 6h 6 Vt J. Woods 6 10 8 2
133. Matt Hogan, 8.... 99 3 2 21V4 34 4h 6 J. TValdo 15 20 20 7-8
Po. I
Index lHorse and Weight. PstlSt.
%.
Str.
Ftn. I
Jockeys.
1/ Bettlnx *
) Op. HI. Cl. PL
hi.
1351 The Lady Ill 1 I
3351 Gonfalon 115 2 3
1338 Herculean ill 4 4
1357 Greenock 115 8 2
2 4
88
1 n
_4
2 1
8 12
12
4
1%
25
815
4
1 1
25
31S
Kiley I 6-5
Domlnlck ... 5-2
Coburn 15
J. Miller..... I 2
8-5
13-5
17
3^
4-6
13-5
17
S_
A3> V JSKTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
XTNTTED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OP THE—
—OB* THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
INSURANCE COMPANY
ASSETS.
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1S33. and for tho
year ending on that day. as mad» to th*
Insurance Commissioner of the Stats of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and Cll of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
Real estat» owned by company $2,143,090 05
Loans on bond* and mortgages » 230.000 CO
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company S, 73S.8C9 ;3
Cash In company's office 2.581 21
Cash in banks WS.S13 C3
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and leans ' 44.037 43
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages t,tlt %7
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion ew.sw 4?
Rents due and accrued 13.423 47
Amount receivable under perpetual
policies 5S3 37
Total assets ..~.....$7.24O.Si: +•!
UABTLTTTES.
Loss's adjusted and unpaid JS2.2S3 21
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 423.278 13
losses resisted, including expenses.. 52,5-3 43
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less. I2.777.2S5 S3; rein-
surance 50 per cent 1.3SS.542 94
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year. $4,333,101 85;
reinsurance pro rata i 2,206.513 33
Amount reclairnable by the Injured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 22S.533 47
Liability under life department - 12). 435 83
Due and accrued for salaries, rent
etc 23.322 63
AH other demands against the com- . -
pany 27XCS5 43
Total liabilities - J4.763.M2 43
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flr»
premiums W.CCS.OtS 01
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 10.537 38
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 154.731 71
Received for rents ••••• 54.007 S5
Total Income ~ .$«.g?.S03 93
EJCTEXPITVRES. . . ,
Net amount paid for flr» losses (In-
cluding HS3.859 36. losses of pre-
vious years) J2.W3.Z2 21
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage (34.444 S«
Paid for salaries, fees, and otner
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 345.523 09
Paid for State, national and local
taxes •• ••• 135.K3S1
All other payments and expendi-
tures 289.30 13
Total expenditures $4.2S3.4i7 15
losses incurred durlnir the year (fire) .i3]»35.K7 03
Risks and Premiums. JFIre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during tha - *
JSr $690,826,063 S.3M.121 U
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 6S3.ra.447 4.773. 1M 71
Net amount in force
December 81. 1S39.... I 791.040.751 7.102.302 84
E. F. BSDDA1X. V. S. Manager.-
SuDscrfbed and sworn to before me. this 33d
day of January. 1S0O. . -
' EDMUND HARVET. Notary Public.
B. KATSCHINSKI, I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
10 Third St.. San Francisco. £•
SHOE~~STYLE\
*Don'tyou want a styteyour ffi
friends will ask where you %
Qot it different /rom the E
ordinary? 8
Ladies' \
Patent Leather Sandals.
3 Straps — Vici Kid auarters —
standard French 'heel, turned sole
and narrow coin toe without tips.
This is one of the new Fall
styles, particularly suited to house
and evening wear, and is un-
doubtedly one of the A| ¦ p
best values ever of- 'W I /I Hi
fered IgllTV
Gloria
Shoes for Ladies.
Possess every point of merit
a shoe can have. *
"We have them In Enamel.
Patent Calf. Box Calf and
Vld Kid. in Dress and Golf
Patterns; turn or <T>O Cft
welted sole; allJhO.OU
sizes and widths. H*^*'** v
Country crders ' solicited. Send for
Illustrated catalogue.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD ST. San Francisco. \
ROLL A V. WATT, Manager,
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT.
ROYAL INSURANCE BUILDING,
Corner fine and Saosome Sts.
BRANCH OFFICE 310 PINE BTRETE.
CORDON & FRASER, Manq&ar»«
• The explosive force of guncotton Is more
than, twico that \ot ; gunpowder;
DR.MEYERS&CQ.
Specialists. Disease
and weakness of
men. Established
1SS1. Consultation
and private book
, free, at office or by
mall. Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (elevator
'entrance), -San
Francisco* { ; ex
The cloth and style In each case is correct
and excellent, and the fit and workmanship
perfect.
It is Our Business
To apparel men who desire to look their best
at all times, particularly at Thanksgiving din-
ners or weddings.
"We make suits for business 913.5O-97B
Suits for formal day functions.. . ..$15.GO-fl4O
Suits for Informal affairs $2O.OO-95O
Suits to evening affairs f2O.OO-$5O
Every one of his remedies la as sure. All
druggists, mostly 23c vial. Guide to Health
free. "Write to Broadway and 26th St., New
York, for medical advice free.
When Prof. Munyon gays what 'his COLD
CURE will do he only says what all tha world
knows. Nearly everybody seems to be taking
this remedy whenever a cold appears. - It re-
lieves the head, nose, throat and luns» ao
quickly that a cold need no longer be a fore-
runner of grippe, diphtheria or pneumonia.
MUNYON'S
143 S. SprlDg et.. Los Angeles.
201 and 203 Monts'y st. 1110 and 1112 Market st.
JOE POHEIM.The police at once made a thorough in
vestigation and last night Captain Sey
mour closely cross-questione-i Eayrs and
Cameron. Others submitted Nag-le, Levy,
Mrs. Eayrs and residents of Hickory ave
nue to a rigid examination and the con
clusion was reached that Burke's death
was an accident, and not a murder.
effusion of blood Into the lungs, caused
by a weak heart action, which was
prompted by the shock of the fait.
He did not do so, however, but went
down town to O'Farrell street, where h?
was seen by a police officer. Returning:
he went to the Hickory avenue house and
found death on th« street. The autopsy
showed that he had suffered a sever; fall,
his head and back being badly bruised.
The immediate cause of death war an
the suspicion that he had kept his word
and had been thrown to the street by
some one In the house.
THOMAS BURKE. THE YOUNG LABORER AND PETTY POLITICIAN,
AXD THE PLACE WHERE IN* DRUNKEN' BLINDNESS HE MET YES
TERDAY MORNING A TRAGIC DEATH.
Mr. I/evy "stjuared" the case for Burke
by paying tho money which had been
drawn without warrant and on Monday
r.lgkt the young man celebrated the event
by becoming grossly drunk in Levy's
6eloon and another nearby. He became
•o helplessly drunk that Levy begged bin
to go home. H« promised to obey, but
told John Nag-le. one of his friends, that
he intended to visit some acquaintances
on Hickory avenue. This gave rise to
Burke's trouble, which ended Sn his
death, beg^n with his appointment as an
election officer to serve at the recent, elec
tion. H« was an occasional but very
heavy drinker and he did not respond on
election morn'.ngr to perform his duties.
Ha drfcw the salary, however, swearing
to tha lie that he had served and was
entitled to th« money. He was in sore
etraite <yv»r this and sought relief from
bis frtend Morrii Levy, who performs a
double and very interesting fcervice to the
City. Mr. Lovy runs a grocery at &08
Hayes street and by courtesy and ap
pointment of Tax Collector Scott is also
Incense Colleotor of San Francisco.
Ho rushed hurriedly up the stairs.
aroused bis wife and her cousin. Thomas
Cameron. wh» hastily and only partially
Cresped and went down to the street to
th« dyinj; man. In the meanwhile a police
officer, customarily tardy, arrived. Burke
muttered that he was tied to a railroad
track and for God's pake to releate him.
Then he mumbled that he had been at
tacked by two men and beg-ged to be
taken to his mother's home at 603 Bu
chanan, street. This was done and in an
hour he. died.
der circumstances which smz-
KCSted that his doath was both a murder
and a mystery. A thorough inve^t'sation
inder the direction of Chit-f of Detectives
S<'ymour proved that the young man's
tragic end was neither. In celebration
over bis escape from prosecution for a
crave offense Burke became- grossly in
toxicated during the early evening. He
t-pent considerable time in several
FiloonF, attended a downtown prizefight
and then about midnight determined to
call upon some friends living at 471 Hick
ory avenue.
Ascending a steep flight of stairs which
runs parallel to the street to a height of
eighteen feet he reached the top only to
topple over backward to th© sidewalk be
low. The impact of the body smnshed
one of the boards of the sidewalk, but
the y©ufl£ man was not instantly killed.
Ke groaned In agony for ever aa hour
¦when his friend. George Eayrs, the ten
ant «f the house, returned from work and
ea.w th«j prostrate body.
?>yj-^HOMAS BURKE, n petty poll-
I tician and young: laborer tin-
I ployed at the Union Iron Works,
«L died early yesterday morninjr un-
Gets Drunk in the Saloon of License Collector
Levy and Then Topples to Death.
THOMAS BURKE PAYS FOR HIS
INDISCRETION WITH HIS LIFE
.Thomas C. Butterworth. class dealer,
San ~ Francisco, • filed , a petition In.'in
solvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. His liabilities are 117,
7C128 and his assets are $11,818 50.
Failure of T. C. Butterworth.
F. L. Carpenter, the special officer who
shot Frederick Wollesen In a saloon at
Seventh and Brannan streets Monday dur
ing a dispute over a game of poker, ap
peared before Judge Cabaniss ycBterday.
An. application for ball was refused, as it
was reported that AVollesen was in a seri
ous condition. The case was' continued
for a week.
Bail for' Carpenter Is Refused.
Feleccio Fogletto had several lacerated
wounds on his head dressed yesterday at
the City and County. Hospital. Fjgletto
was crossing: Potrero avenue and Twenty
fourth street when a wagon loaded with
bottled beer struck him. knocking him
'down and rolling him over in the inud
In addition to the cuts, on his head his
arms were badly bruised. -The name of
the driver or the owner of the beer wagon
was not obtained, as the driver hurried en
after the accident. .
Knocked Down by a Beer "Wagon.
The second trial of Albert George Fred
erick Vereneseneckockockhoff for the
murder of Mrs. Mary A. Clute at her resi
dence, 802 Guerrero street, on -December
15, 1897, will commence before Judge Cook
this morning. Mrs. L. A. Legge, one of
the most important witnesses- for the
prosecution, arrived from Chicago a few
days ago to give her testimony at the
trial. Captain Seymour has made every
preparation for the trial and has engaged
ex-Assistant District Attorney Hosmer
to specially prosecute, as he is familiar
with the case.
Hoff Murder Trial.
The horse belongs to a butcher named
Schwartz, whose place of business is at
Natoma and First streets. The inlmal
was left unhitched at California and Polk
streets and ran away. Fitzharris, who
lives at 152S Pacific avenue, was on his
way to his home at the time of the acci
dent. Beinjr partially deaf, he did not
hear the clatter of the horse's hoofs until
it was too late.
A young man named John FitzharrU Is
lying at the Receiving Hospital with a
poor chance of recovery from the effects
of being knocked down by a runaway
horse attached to a butcher's cart. Fitz
harris was crossing Polk and Pacific
streets when the horse came tearing along
the former street and knocked him down.
The shaft of the wagon niruck him in
the right side. He was taken to the Ke
ceiving Hospital. Dr. Bacigalupl pro
nounced the Injuries very dangerous and
likely to end fatally.
Injured by a Runaway Horse.
. of Berkeley.
The burglar who was arrested on "Wash
ington street, near Sansome, Monday, and
who gave the name of Harry Johnson,
was identified" yesterday by Detective
Bainbridge as John Stetson, an ex-con
vict." On March 25, 1S92, he was sent to
San Quentln for ten years for burglary in
San Diego County, and was discharged
on December 25, 1838.
The silverware found in his possession
when arrested was identified yesterday
by E. D. Rammon of Washington street,
Berkeley, his house having been entered
and robbed Sunday night. That makes
one clear case against Stetson, and the
police are satisfied that he also broke into
the house of Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch at Berkeley on the night of No
vember 10 and stole about JiKW worth of
silverware. «
BURGLAR IDENTIFIED
AS EX-CONVICT STETSON
The Silverware Found in His Posses-,
sion Belongs to E. D. Rammon
The Jury, Believing the Last Named Received Ill-Gotten
Coin, A;quits Defendant
lleved that Conroy got the money could
we find the defendant guilty?" and the
Judge promptly replied. "Why, of course
not." The jury again retired and in less
than a minute returned with a verdict of
not guilty.
An affidavit was filed yesterday by the
claimant's attorney * setting forth the
facts as stated. . Attorneys for other. heirs
opposed the petition to set aside the de
cree of distribution, claiming that the
petitioner was barred from entering a
claim by the statute of limitations.
As Becker's will was not admitted to
probate, however, until October of this
year, he having requested that the will be
withheld until five years after his death,
Misa Kaiser's counsel says she Is in euf
flclent time and will be awarded her di
vision of the property.
Judge Troutt took the petition to set
aside the decree of distribution under ad
visement.
Another heir to the estate of the late
Nickolaus Becker, who died in this city
six years ago, leaving an estate valued
at $35,000, has presented her claim for con
sideration of the local court. Decedent's
estate has been distributed in accordance
with the terms of his will. Florence
Kaiser of 273 West One Hundred and
Fortieth street, New York, daughter cf
Mrs. Isabella E. Mendoza, the new claim
ant, asks that the decree of distribution
be set aside and that her claims be heard
by the court.
In his will Becker provided for tiix lines
of heirs, the descendants of his brothers
and sisters. Mips Kaiser alleges that she
is the granddaughter of Sophia Bec*ti",
decedent's sister, who was last heard of
In Boston in 18G0, and the grandnlece of
Mariana and Magdalena Becker, the for
mer having disappeared in 1852 and the
latter not having been heard from since
1862. when she left Boston, supposedly for
New York.
Share of Property Which Has
Already Been Distrib
uted.
NEW HEIR TO BECKER
ESTATE FILES CLAIM
Boston Young "Woman Demands
Cleve Dam, the attorney for the car
penters' union, testified that Wllber had
at his request made an affidavit, which
was produced in court, that he had
handed the money to Conroy in Burns'
office, but that his commission was 5 per
cent.
After the arguments of ex-Judge Low
for the defendant and Assistant District
Attorney Whiting the Judge charged the
jury and it retired. After being out for
about half an hour the jury came Into
court and the foreman said, "If we be-
K. D. Wllber was charged with petty
larceny on the complaint of James
\Voods, a carpenter, ana demanded a jury
trial. Woous was one of the men who
paid Wllber money on the promise that
ne would secure a position for him on
the front as a carpenter. The statement
made by Wllber to Woods was that the
money would be handed to a third party.
Woods, on being "examined, testified that
he gave Wilber $15 and received a receipt
for the money. He also gave him two
promissory notes lor ?25 each. Wilber
was to get a position for him on the water
front. Wilber told him that a large num
ber of men were to be paid ott on tne
lront, so. that It would be easy for him to
get a place. Wilber said he had to pay
the money to a third party. Witness
never got the position.
Conroy testified that he never had any
conversation with Wilber in his life. The
man was personally unknown to him and
he had never seen him In Dan Burns'
office. Leon Dennery testified that he was
a frequent visitor at Dan Burns' office
and he had never seen Wilber there, and
similar evidence was given by Burns' pri
vate secretary and others.
Wilber swore positively that he handed
the money to Conroy in Dan Burns' of
fice in the Crocker building. His arrange
ment with Conroy was that he was to be
allowed 10 per • cent commission on all
money received for bartering positions on
the water front.
A jury In Judge Fritz's court yesterday
afternoon showed unmistakably by their
verdict that they believed Eddie Conroy,
bodyguard and factotum of Dan Burns,
was bartering positions on the water
front for money, thereby substantially
confirming the story puolishea by 'i'hu
Call some months ago.
Chief Justice Beatty and William
Thomas have received an invitation to
attend a banquet and conference in Sac
ramento next Saturday afternoon as rep
resentatives of this city. The affair is
planned by the Sacramento Valley Devel
opment Association. Governor Gage,
United States Senators Perkins and Bard.
Congressmen Coombs, Woods, Metcalf,
Kahn, Loud, McLachlan and Needham
are In the list of the invited guests. Oth
ers are State Senators Maggard, Cutter,
Goad, Luchsinger and Devlin and As
semblymen Gans, Collins, Schilllg, Sheri
dan, Chiles, Anderson, Johnson, Reeber
and Greer and Frank D. Ryan, Commis
sioner of Public Works. The purpose of
the gathering as defined is to enable
those present to appreciate how earnestly
and unselfishly the people of the Sacra
mento Valley are seeking to improve the
great natural resources of the country.
"We have no request to make at this
meeting," so reads the letter. "Our ex
ecutive committee will be present as the
sole representative of the Sacramento Val
ley Development Association. At a joint
session of the Sacramento Vailey and San
Joaquin Vailey associations to be held In
Sacramento in January some resolutions
may be formulated and sent to Congress
and to the Legislature, and we believe
that they will receive your support."
In other words, the conference is to talk
over the legislative needs " of the great
interior valleys and of the State at large
as the matter Is understood here. Chief
Justice Beatty and William Thomas will
attend as representatives of the Califor
nia Water and Forest Association. Irri
gation, and the reclamation of arid lands
are likely to figure as topics for discus
sion, together with the legislation that is
considered to be necessary for the public
good. This will be one of the most nota
ble conferences on public topics that has
been held in California.
Theme for Meeting of Sacra
mento Valley Develop
ment Association.
LEGISLATIVE
NEEDS OF STATE
Resolved. That copies hereof be sent to the
President of the United States and to the Cali
fornia delegation In Congress.
Resolved, That it is our belief that President
McKinley and his administration could build
at more enduring monument to hie own states
manship and the sagacity and foresight of the
Government of the United States than by
uigiQK and consummating the construction of
thin waterway; and, be it further
Resolved. That the board of directors of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
heartily reaffirm its b'lief In the general good
to be derived by the construction of this canal,
and more especially its benefits to California,
by giving greatly augmented facilities for
marketing th« products of the State, lower
fppiBht tariffs to foreign countries, new mar
kets, and last, but not least, a medium by
which desirable European emigrants may come
to this St.-ite and help to increase its popula
tion, enlarge the consuming power of our home
markets, and thus contribute to the general
welfare of the Rtate: and. be It further
Whereas. We beljeve that a necessary adjunct
to the complete development of the commerce
of the United States with eastern countries,
and of our Atlantic seaboard with the Pacific
Coast, and with California in particular, is the
construction and completion of the Nicaragua
canal; therefore, be It
Whereas, The events of the paBt two years
bare emphasized in an extraordinary degree
the Importance of the Pacific Ocean as a water
way lor the commerce of the United States
with Oriental countries; and
Mr. Bancroft was instructed to be pre
pared to take prompt action looking to
the protection of California's Interests in
the adoption of the new Philippine tariff
and likewise to commence a campaign
having for its object the correction of the
present practice of the exporters of the
East and Middle West in continuing to
quote export pric«s to dealers in Hawaii.
By a continuance of this practice, advan
tage has been taken in a number of . in
stances to import from the East to San
Francisco via the Hawaiian Islands at
prices less than could be obtained by San
Frandf»co dealers with direct shipment.
The following resolution pertaining to
the Nicaragua canal was adopted.
Mr. Bancroft is well known among bus
iness men of this city and has their high
est esteem. For many years he was in
the employ of the old A. L. Bancroft Com
pany. Previous to his appointment to his
new office he was engaged in the publish
ing and school furnishing business. It is
his intention to take up his new work with
vigor and he will do his utmost to educate
the people in the sense of using home
products.
Charles E. Bancroft was unanimously
elected secretary and manager of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion at a meeting of the board of directors
of that organization yesterday. He suc
ceeds Eugene Goodwin, who was lately
appointed executive officer of the Pacillc
Commercial Muteum and who leaves for
Philadelphia shortly on business pertain
ing to that organization.
Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association Has
New Secretary.
SUCCESSOR TO
EUGENE GOODWIN
WILBER SWEARS THAT HE GAVE
CARPENTERS' MONEY TO CONROY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1900.
5
$ Novelty Jars, Etc., 29c. Siik-Faccd WtlSS SFSkSSMkE&SS ESL£! 75c Velvets $^5 Wrappers 95c. ;J
(<$^^ Powd? C ° l0red VClVCtS Hli^ iUrf "^SUHffl on sale To-Day N>w r -^5." e > v «p- «x. : '
l T °" Day# CALIFORNIA? LAtoSt-AMERICA'S ORA^STVtORE 37-jCYaTCl. J^cr _^_ l
* II W!MKSff H ' k R " Manufacturer's Sale of Clothing for -3-;,iSS »f g
f, m$\£#!*lr V&^MKrjy/' ceivers, O with black and white li^JW) 1 ?-
& i- c t etc., ex- TAow \Kt\xT^ titbH CfiflHi*pn Tit Ahnuf braid » Kncd waists >^ H$$K &
J» act reproductions of the real cut glass, with I^VCIl, DUjT.3 U.1IU. V/llllUl <fcll til -sH.UUVl jizes, re gulariy 51.15, I'l \ 1»\\\ 3«
g handsome nickel covers, decorated with old Hti^ «.»* *U «, <T1 t\f\ to-dav onlv . ' f| C "^ M \ I »\\A 5
J{ silver French gray ornaments, which if bought (\}Q, Oil lllC )1.UU. ......... 7 DC ft iU\\ M
•f in the regular way would be sold at ti ft e u.*.,j * I tljilluW X
Si 50c eachj on special sale to-day only.. jiCVC Men's $12-50 Sack Suits— AU wool, nobby eff.cts. $8.^5 * 57^5,) foj Ui IMJlU S
K Men's $17.50 Overcoats — Raglans, New Oxfords, Kerseys; many of them s'u'k lined throughout , " vf - ° f . At^^fL 5
% . Model ICC Crt>nm : * Ralnv Dav Skirts— 4'/jlillWW\ 2
J mOQCl ICC tream Men . $ Overcoats-Worth up to I35.oo-.ale price $17.75 heavy wool materiU, &'iWAWV& 5
J rrCeZCr , IOr CnilarCn. Boys' Long Pants Suits— AU wool $3.48 plain'and plaid backs,
•^ Just like mamma uses; a practical freezer that Boys* $10.00 Long Pants Suits — Blue Cheviots, Fancy Tweeds and Cassimeres, for ages 15 to lapped seams, many . S
ja makes a pint of ice cream in three minutes; '9 • • • • $6.98 with pockets, colors — black, gray, blue and *»j
y a delight to children because it makes "real Boys' $3. 50 School Suits— All wool ' $2.48 brown, all lengths, 31 to 41, # I QP 5l
|>* icecream"; aU iron parts beautifully nick- And many other equally a3 good bargains. regularly $7. 50; to-day only ... »p~i.yfc? "J
g, eled; regular #1.50; special C*-| *\t\ ' 1 J»
£¦ Wednesday only hal»Ci\J ¦ »"•
j: — — HI— Bailey's Patent Ribbed Back Rubbers lor Ladies. Undermuslin Specials. ;J
g 75C, $1.00 and $1.25 ; g s^^ > & ' A perfect-fitting rubber, the ribbed or corrugated i^n^- high^lass "J
&" SlISpCIldcl*S 47c. >»W^^t^\. >aC ' C °^ w^^ c^ prevents the skirt from getting <£*5Sj Muslin Gown, all jsj
«V* . , ... . ' * mill nS^\. ' wet in rainy weather; thev do not break in the «?$ embrciden- yoke, .%
j> Some . of our holiday Suspenders were slightly (am l i j- i. % j • t • T- m embroiderv en culls •'
i soiled in transit; you could hardly detect the HI I hed " a " "^P" 7 '^^ d °"' 2nd rCtam their >&Jt price reSarKS i!^! 3
K damage if we did not call your attention to nlljl shape until entirely worn out. The best rubber ssrti$Hi&hr>^ special to- tf* -| -jr J?
>; it; they were bought to sell for 75 c to 51.25 yH^-^^^^^^^s^^ made for comfort and durability — per /IC^ /!WMfcM$ffl?\ da >'- • • aflLlD *5
ti per pair; we wiU bunch the lotto- I 7. UJa8S^ pa ir ... ' VD^ I 'jfffffnV \ , ', 4 . D a ti «
J day at the special sale price 4t I C . P /Jfit I \'.l fj |) ' |u I Infantj . Bands » 8
I Linen Squares, Sale o! Misses' Shoes. v^^iHifev^c 1 ?'/^ 31^^ 80 %
J them for one day only at the special -J^ AbOUt One-Third OH. fS^l Misscs> aodl OT ™ To P X^f 5| Ji "^ T^ tO-daV Z5C S
J Sa ' C P " Ce> PCT Pa ' r A f W Pure Irish Linen Squares, with handsome drawn- \r$gi Shoes vvith coin toes and patent I '¦) \ . wool Amto 3«
Si work corners, in three sizes; made to sell for U leather tips; neat, dressv I Wristlets black 'J
I Groceries---Liquors. %£%i$? H each5 " e marked for I W^&% «J^ onIy ' resularl^ c ' 5
i Golden Blend Coffee-Our popularise grade; i«ia inches.. . 14c i8»8 inches... .24c widths/" ". V.V.V.'.'.'.' lUC *
$ to-day only; pound _ .. 6 .20c a 4 »24 inches 37c Ci O1 ' *
ti' Seedless Raisins — "1900" brand, full i-pound »fll»fc!l «, _ n **
» packages, to-da>, 3 packages 25c Furniture Specials. - Z Salad Set 78c. «J
* Fancy Soft Shell Walnut$-Per lb 15c Enameled Beds- AU sizes: style as in picture: Mntfii-rf Flnnnolc 11<» t • • t tu » • • a L» S
S Jams and Jellies— New, just in, assorted flav- has ' irlOlllCa TianneiS HC. Just in nmc tor Thanksgiving day— a fortunate £
5 ors; to-day two i-lb gla«s jars for 25c i i4- # • A special pick up of 25 pieces Mottled Flannels, purchase of 144 Salad or Bern- Sets, con- "«x
ti Pure Tomato Catsup — Put up bv National m^h j.. „_ 1 -•,.»£ assorted shades, very heav>-, in etfective dark sisting of 9-inch dish and 6 small dishes, as-
*k Pure Food Co.; to-day, pint bottles 20c PO st j"*~3 %, colorings, double faced, better than German sorted flower decorations with heavy stippled "^
6 Sultana Fruit Biscuit— to-day, per pound ' |2c head-? 4i : S eiderdown; on special sale to-<hy -J«J gold edge, would be cheap at 51.25. 1Q(% Jl
%* Broman^elon— A delicious dessert; to-day only; i nc h« \>£ MrH^jVi zJ^JL I fl only— per yard 11C on the set of 7 pieces, special to-day. (OW .«
S package ; JOc high, fW^Z LT "Z ~" ' ' >J I 1*
I $2 50 Bourbon Whiskey_A good quality, to- & +3 PffljBjjSlSgSS W UdlCS' NeckWCaT Sale. r^hfoil TW Kf ?
* R nv^ForlVmin; \ ," -? 2 ' 00 B^ Three lots of styUsh Neckwear offered for tUSllIOn TOpS 16C. J
5 a fc toiav • 5 rCEU y III Wednesday onlvijtylish Lace Barbe,. Fme Heavy quaUty tapestry, « inches square, Per- M
K WKi*» Wln»- F.Vra miVllV,'. " »n"_Ji,\,' \H " ' ii S »o •*. _ Wash Blonde Net, trimmed in Honiton Lace sian patterns, in handsome dark coloring, a *2
g White Wine-Extra quahtj, to-day, per gallon mountJ price $8. 5 c— tf«C CA Braid, neat patterns; 75c value- l. Q/% choice lot, worth nearly double, to- */' '?
I 4 ° C to^ayonly $D.DV t0^ ay 48C dav', special price, each. IOC 5
|C Piano Stools— Golden oak or mahogany finish, Liberty Silk Jabots— Neatly trimmed, has '2
8" CarDetS and Rl/OS twhted legS> ad J ustablc scrcw HO 7C satin folded stock collar; black, cream.pink >i
"C r -? C«««;,l -T ?T eeat— special to-day u^CtU or blue; regular value $1.00 and Pft/» Sale ftf SnOOTI^ "2
j Great Specials To-Day. Hanging run Rack-soiid oa k, go iden finish, jw^k^ 5oC aaIe 0I 00 ™- -J
St For this day only, we offer Bromley's Smyrna fitted with 12x18 inch French plate mirror, 2 00 AH-Silk Scarfs, with hemstitched ends, «fl3SKS&Be3W— —-^
ti Rugs ( carpet sizes, heavy, durable, re\<»rsible 4 double cast brass hooks; reg- PL CA in all colors, regularly 35c, special I A- *3s2S2rt" *
h' Rugs in Oriental and Persian designs, at these n!arI >' 5 6 -°° — to-day aJj'ftaiJV to-day 1 V C X \t.Tr-g^ '*
K remarkable prices: Book Case — Double glass doors, solid oak, " "2
X 9x6 feet, special to-day. $6.00 golden finish; regularly $8.00— tf« L f\f\ AfW. Whf^T Card^ ?R(* Rogers Bros. 1S47 Fancv Handle Tablespoon M
X XCl4x 7 / 2 feet, special to-day $9.50 to-day a>O.UU 4UC VVniSl UarOS «C. a ° n d small si.e Soup or Dessert Spoons, j«t a *
* 1 2x9 feet, special to-day $13.50 Rockers— About 50 sample rockers left; only » 2 ° P acks of first quaUty, highly enameled small lot picked up by our Eastern buyer, on 'ij
$> Axminster Cai-pets— The famous Smith's one of a kind, ojk or mahogany, cobbler or Trophy Whist Cards, long and narrow shape, sp-cial sale to-day: *
V make, nobby designs and effects, on Q A upholstered seat; regular $7, $8 and $9 rock- with lar 8 c indicator, regularly 40c a Tablespoons, set of 6 $1.53 '2
» special sale to-day only, per yard 7V/C ers; special to-day only— to close .$5.75 pack, special to-day only CiOVr D«sert Spoons, set of 6 $1.31 '5
to-day?
WHITE
COTTOLENE
Why don't
you try
ADVZKTISEMZNTS.
fS^f^ The N.K.Fa1rbank Company,
y, Jf?4 Chicago— S>olc Manufacturer*.
jRjSS^zjfe- PRrr i Our da.lnry booklet.
iMwWA rKLLI ''A l'ubllc Secret.''
g<fffy«afi mailed free to any »ddr«i. tor
gV»5£jS5a'l °"* Ic ¦'•'dp T "° wiu irnsl { 1 C our
TgpgSSi&L. J» r»»P<» ri-clpe book. -Hon«
•^*2=e9£p' UCpe," eiLtcd ly Stn. Uorer.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For ; the Cure : of Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaints
of ths Organs of Generation.
Price fl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
9 a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corr*-
apondlns; train arrives at ( p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m,. Is Stockton Local. Correspondlnf
train arrives 11:03 a. m. dally.
1:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Expresaw
•with Bleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond*
In * train arrives at 8 a, m. dally.
OFFICES— 641 Market it. and In Ferry Dtpot*
iun Francisco: U1S Broadway. Oaltland. -;.; r>
SI pep Year.
THE WEEKLY CALL
f "^^ Cr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
BRPlSi In IS54 lor thetr»atm«>ntoJ Private
BE I K JBY I)tsea5P9. Lo*t MatihiM^i Debility or
SrCSS*^?) <li«"o--«" "•earing on bortyanft mina ana
O«S»ir'3^3 skin Dl»^a»-a. l'hi> •locujrour-wwUen
3a^*3«>fMotriersfulL Try him. C'nnri?«i» iow
IN£SEsiilStii «'nrc«innranlrc .J. Callorwrlt<\
Or. J. >"- u I B KO X. ilox 1 !I37. daa Ftaaclsc v.
rou use White Ccttolene for all frying and
shortening purposes. Being odorless and
tasteless you get the full flavor of the arti-
cles cooked with it. - Yonr food always Has
aa appetizing taste besides bcinK free from
anything unwholesome and indigestible.
Lve San Francisco. 1 9:00 a m 4:10 p ml 8:00 p ra
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p m
•• Merced 2:42 p m — — — 1:13 am
" Fresno 4:30 p m 3:05 a xa
•• Vlnalla «:00pm 4:50 a ra
" Tulare 1:22 pm 5:10 am
•» Hanford 8:33 p m 7:04 a m
*• Bakersfleld ... «:50 p m 7:10 a ra
•• Denver 10:00 am- ¦
M Kansas City... 5:15 p m
•• Chicago 7:40 am
No Hog Fat In Food
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
¦ Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return,
II 40. •
NEW TAVERN* OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN,
Ticket office*. «21 Market «.. SausaUto F«rry.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:15 a. m. ; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and l:li p. itu
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
they are made with White Cottdeae- Noth-
ia? can be purer, more wholesome, or
cleaner than pure vegrtableoil as found iu
Cottolene. Being neutral, and perfcctlv
odorless and flavorless, It gives the full
delicacy of the flavor of the flour to the
biscuit, it wiU not aaaoy the most dell-
Eat Biscuits Froely
vpers if you foUow the recipes in "Home
llelps." which we 8co<l to an v one for a 2-
cest Etaiap. Frying in White Cottoleoe
makes doughnuts Uste better than if you
used an vt his z else, because pure vegetable
oil is aa ideal frying medium.
Delicious Doughnuts
tlwfcys insarcd by using White Cottolcne
aa a »hort«ilnB. The pure vegetable oil is
much more wholesome than any form of
animal fat. The newly perfected process
of manufacture makes White Cottolcae
Absolutely neutral, so that any&ipg made
with it is both healthful ana appetizing.
Melting Pfc Crust
Via SaucaWto Ferry.
Commencing September 3u, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. *9:li. 11:00 a. m..*n:4J.
8:15. 4:00, 5:15. ««:13. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays s.nd Sat*
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
S1TNDAYS— *%:C0, -10:00. *U:83 a. m.. 1;O.
3:15. *4:43. 8:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, to SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:25. »«:30. 7:45, »:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:43. »i:K. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— <:». •9:00. '10:00. «U:45 a. sa_
•1:40. *J:15. 4:45. *«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentta.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-5:4J, 8:43, 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:33. 2:10. 8:10. 4:54. 6:20 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesday*
aad Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 v. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:Ci a. m.. 13:03. 2:13, 3;SK
l:C0, S:iS p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN3.
i:«5 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:43 p. m, Saturdays— Tomalaa and way a*a»
tleaav.
8:00 a. m. Bandajs— Tot «U«s and way st*>
ttOM.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
I_iH3SSH3H]
SAM FRAHCISCQ AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBL*KOK FERRT-rOOT OF MARKET aTT.
San Francisco t • San Rafaol.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 13:33. S:J9.
S:10. (:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at U:*»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:S0 anil
11:30 p. m.
5VNDATS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, I: JO. i.OO,
• :t0 b- m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAY&-«a0. 7:50. »:». 11:10 a. m.: U:**.
1:44. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.li
and 8:35 p. m.
aVUNDATS-8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. t:40, S:0i,
S:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and SchueUen Park.
•ams schedule a» above.
Leave J In Effect 1 Arrtv*
San Francisco. | Nov. 7, 1300. I San Francisco*.
Waek I Bun- I I Sun- J W«!i
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. 1 Day*.
T:30am S:0Oam Novato. 10:40 am| $:40 am
1:30 pra 9:30 am Petaluraa, 8:05 pmilO:2S am
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:»3 pmj 1:23 pm
I Ktilton.
1:20 am Windsor. 10:S am
Healdsburs;.
Lytton.
Ger»ervill«.
1:50 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm »:IJ pm
7:30 am] j Hopland I I
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ »:iZ pm
7 JO am W:I3 *n»
8:00 am Guernerllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm *:23 pm
7:S0 am S:CO am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 aa
and
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 8:K pta
7:30 am! 8:C0am| ~~ 110:40 amilO:25 an*
8:80 prai 5:00 pm| Scbastopol. f 7:33 pm, I:2S pni
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark Went
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Fultoa
tor Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at ClOTerdal*
for the G;ysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlngs. Highland Springs, KelBeyvtlla. Carls*
bad Springs, £oda Bay. Lak*port and Bartlett
Eprings; at Uklah for Vichy Sprlnrs, Saraton
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lak->. Witter
Springs. Upp*r Lake. Pomo. Potter Vall-r.
John Day's. RlTtrstde. Llerley*s. Bucknell's.
Fanhedrin HeUhta, Hullvtlle. Orr"i Hot Sprlnga.
Jlendoclno City. Fort Brass. Westport. L'sal.
WlUets. Laytonvlle. Cummtngs. Beirs Sprinja,
Harris. Olsens. Dj-er. Scotia and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday rounj-trlp tickets at r»-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
ticket of flee. 850 Market st.. Chronicle build*
la- ¦ R. X. RYAN.
H. C WH1TINO. Gen. Pan. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
\ JS/eu)fSkm \
already l pfe" X
>ji *^^^-~ L^W&p/%' pared prescrip- w
1 tion— a raedi-
"A cated cream that never falls to te
\ prove Its efficiency. Anita Cream t
71 has transformed hundreds or seem- K
Ingly ruined skins, and has made I
3( them beautifully clear and spotless. Jj
It draws all Impurities to the sur- »,
* face, removes the outer cuticle in K
\f Invisibly small particles and re- «
stores the rosy blush of youth.
a Freckles, tan, moth blotches, pirn- J*
J. pies, liver patches, muddiness and \.
** all other dlscolorations disappear *»
Vf under the Influence of Anita Cream. W
3 The treatment Is delightful, quick f
5( and effective. A"Mta Cream con- %
tains no vaseline or ingredient that
•I will cause a growth of hair. J»
wl For sale by your druggist. If not, \p
*J send us 50 cents for fufl. size Jar or **
\J 2c for information and a' free sam- t*
*J pie. Anita Cream & Toilet Co.. *•
J 2OT Franklin St.. Los Angeles, Cal. \f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOIITKSRN rAflftC COnPaKI.
(r*cirio stiricM.)
TrMlna l*>n*r imkI nrr <lu«> i«» nrrlvo n(
WAK I-'U * X'l •»««».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LKATB — FftOM KOVXMBCB 7. 1900. — ARRITI
¦7:OOa B«nlda» SiiUtm, Elmin, Vacsillle,
Ramaey and etseraineuto »T:J.1p
*7iOOa Shasta Express— Darla. Williams (for
Bartlett SprlsBs), Willows, Ked
Bluff. PortUudT. •7i«r
*7iBOa Martinez. Ss.u Uainon.VaUejo, Nspa,
Callstcga and Santa Rosa •OiMr
•SxOUa Daris, Woodlaod. KnighU Landing.
Marjstille. Oni»Ule_ *7M3p
•Hi*** Atlantiu Kipress— Ogden and Cast ;*Mai
•».-•• a Kiles, LiTermore, Tracy, Lalhrop,
Stoekton *7tl3r
••tl0A 8*11 .lone, Llrerruore. Mtueklou,
lone, naeramruco. Plae«Mllle,
Murrsf (lie. Chlco. Kail Illud Mtl.tp
•IIiSOa Oakdale, Chinese, Honora. Carters... *4il3r
•»:•«* Hajwards, Nile* and Way Stations. * I Ills*
•U:(m»a Log Angeles Eipress— Msrtlnei.
Tracy. Laturou. .Htooktun, M>-'ee4
Freiiuo aud Los Angeles *?tl3r
•OiSOa V»llrjo, Martluex ana W»j Statlona *3>43r
•lOtOU* TbeOTerlandLlraited — OgdeD, Den-
»er, Omaha. Chicag" ••:«r
¦IIiOOa Nllrs, StoektOD, Masramento, Mea-
<lota. Frrsnu, Iiaiiford. Vlsalls.
Portertille MjISp
•11:00* LiTennore. Banger. Goshen Juao-
tion, Baktrafield. Los Angeles
fl:OOr Hicraiiif ntu Kl>ec 8te«iners 18:00a
•3:OOp Hsywsrila. Niles aud Way Station*. *.?: !4r
•4:««i" MattliifT., Han lUiiion, Vallejo,
Nb|.!». CUIIxtoKK. BmU Itosa •V:l9a
MiOOr Ueuicia. Winters. Haeramento.
Womllnnd, KnlghU J.tiidlu;,
M»r>Rfill». Ofotllle *IO:|1»
•liliop Hsywards. Mlf«and San .lone t^'-t-^A
•5:00p Nile*. LWermore and Stockton • 10:43a
oS:OOp tjum-tt Limited. El Paso. Xow
OrleaDsand Bast. c1V:13a
•8:ttOpThe Uwl Limited— Tracr, Fresno.
]Ukers0elil. Hangns for Sauta Hsr-
bara. Lus Annelea. *10>I3a
•3tOOp New Orleans £xpreu-i:akersnel>l,
N»ut.i llnrlmra, Iah Angrlea. Drin-
lu{r, 1-1 Paso, New Orleans and
Kast «7i4»a
•5:O0p forwards, Niles and San Jose *7>4.1 a
ttt:OOp Vallejo M 1:4.1*
•ttiO»r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago .' *Sit3p
•lliOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, - Denver,
Omaha, Chlga«o *4:I3p
*7x00p Oregunand Callfnrnit Kxi>ress,Na».
i/tniKiitii. Mur>s»il!e. KeiMin*.
I'oiilxinl. Piiget Mound ami Kast *S:4.1a
•MiO3p San Pablo, Port Costa. Martinez
ami Way Btatlons *H .4 5*
t»iO5r VallfJ «H»43a
COAST l>l VISION (Nnrroif (i;ui«e).
(Foot of Mnrliet Street. )
•SiISa Newirk.C'^nt.w»l[|f,.S»u.lo8«, Fflton,
Uoul<lerCreek,»aiitaOruzand Way
bUtinns *0:2Or
ftil.lr Newark. CenterTllle, 8a» Jose, New
Alniaden, Feltou, ItunMer Creek.
Sauta Crux and Pfloeipal Way
Stations .^ 1 1 »»•*««
M<l3p Newark, S.ii Jose, Los Gatos •S<-1O*
a\ 1:43 e Hunters' Ezeunlon, Ban Jose and
WayPtatlon* ??»aOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtniSt!* railCISCO— ro«t at Mtrkit SUttt (Slia S)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. {1:83 *2:03 |3:S3
•1:03 - 15:03 •«:03r.M.
ffimOUUIID— rtttsf Brail wit.— '«:00 0:00 10.00*. u.
t!2:53 "1:00 t3:03 «3:G3 11:03 «3:33r.u.
COAST DIVISION (Uroa.l linage).
(Thlr.l mid Towiiaei..! St*.)
t«:IO4 Ocean View, South Nan Frauclaoi.. 10:.'lop
*7:«)»a Han .ln«e and W*y Htntimis (New
Almaileii Wednendayaonly) *liZOp
•«iwO* Ha.u .lime. Tres Cino*. S^nt* (,'riis.
1'nclilc tiniTo. 1'aso Huhlrs. Han
Luis Obfapo, Surf, Irfimpoc and
Principal Way Stations MtlOp
•IO:lo» San Jose and Way .Stations *<I::Ma
•I 1::IOa S»ii .lose anil Way HUtlnus *3iUUp
t'arlSr San Matco, Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, rtn.ii .Inae,
Tres Plnos. Santa Crnz. Salinas,
Monterey ami Paclilc GruTs IIOiSAa
f8:SOp San .lose and Way Stations *7i3op
f4:ISp San Jose and Principal Way SUtions *O:43a
t3:UOpSan Josv. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations |(iO«t t
•3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Statlous *StS3a I
•«::»»!• S»n Jose an>l Way Stations »S:llft A '
«ll:45p San Jose and Way .Stations «?i30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. j
'Daily.- t Mundar e»eepted. I auudai onlj.
t Mondays, Wednesdays, Friday*.
• Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sundays.
• Saturday oulj\.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBICM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
/s
HaveVaaTHcd _
% WHITE !
=
¦ r--^nr^-rJf S
J \J
FOOT REST
• ' Upholstered with
Axminster carpet;
tempered steel legs
of French design.
Country homes and flats
furnished complete.
We extend credit.
BRILLIANT'S
338-340-342 POST ST.
I ¦ Near Powell. . Open Evenlnss.RED BLUFF SENTINEL— It Is high
time for our people to shake off the old
inertia and move energetically along the
lines of progress. They have here .a
lovely country and one of the finest cli
mates in the world, but the land is gen
erally put to no better or more profltabla
uses than those of -which the plains of
bleak Siberia are capable, where wheat is
now grown to the extent of millions ol
tons. Tho Sacramento Valley, under in
cessant wheat culture, is stagnating, and
some parts of it have actually gone back
ward through decrease of population due
to the continuance of old ranch methoda.
There must be more small farming, dairy,
irrigation, beet-sugar production, bee
keeping, poultry raising, horticulture and
other rural industries of a varied nature,
if the country is to make any progress.
rally seeks after practical knowledge than
to take a large rental from tenants who
skin the place and hunt a new one when
the owner objects.
SOLANO REPUBLICAN— The changes
which have recently been made In tha
Australian ballot law in this State seem
to have been good ones and to have
worked with perfect satisfaction at tha
election Just passed. The new method
of registration worked well and there was
no inconvenience or trouble caused by
there being no great register. The sep
aration of the names of the candidates In
to party columns also seems to have been
a good thing and a great accommodation
to the voters, enabling them to prepare
their ballots in less time than it took
formerly. It also facilitated the counting
of the votes.
S0LAN0 COURIER— The "paramount"
subject for discussion at the forthcoming
State Fruitjvowers' Convention will be
transportation. During the past season
the freight service was inadequate and
the results are too well known to need
recapitulation. The same subject has
been brought forward at previous con
ventions, but no practical results have
emanated therefrom. At the forthcoming
convention care should be taken in select
ing a committee of energetic and deter
mined men— men who will act in the in
terests of the growers and who will fight
for an expedited freight service.
NILES HERALD— Now that the election
Is over and people are settled down to
business, everyone should take a hand
to advance their local communities. The
time is good for improvements, and ail
that helps to put a town in trim will at
tract the stranger. When a movement to
build Is advanced encourage it, and don't
under any circumstances run down your
own community.
UJCIAH DISPATCH-DEMOCRAT.— This
election Is settled, right or wrong, and
it Is now the duty of all to do 'everything
in our power to make the next four years
as * happy, peaceful and prosperous as
possible. Support the President In all
that is right. If he is not right, try to
place him right. Be patriots, not parti
sans. Be one great family of true, loyal
American citizens until the ljext election.
STOCKTON MAIL— A Belgian haro
show is in progress at San Jose. An ex
hibition of high-grade bucks and doea
owned In San Joaquin County with affi
davits showing the prices paid for the
same last winter or spring would be ono
of the most amusing shows on record.
SPIRIT OF CALIFORNIA PRESS
Editorial Opinion From All Parts of the State
v on Matters of Interest..
Tho baby girl grew up to womanhood
and married ono of her stepfather's sons,
Charles Steel. When Mrs. Bteel died
Mary Cuthbert kept right on with the
famfly, and she is with them to-day as'
cook and housekeeper. Yesterday she
celebrated her seventy-second birthday,
and all the family sent her presents. She
expects to end her days with the Steels,
who look upon Mary Cuthbert as one of
them.
Steel since 1S4S.
A miller's daughter, Mary Cuthbert was
born at Hemmingford. Canada. Novem
ber 9, 1S28. When her father died she de
termined to go out to service and was en
gaged as nurse by Mrs. John Mack for
her little baby girl. Mr. Mack died and
the widow in time married and became
Mrs. Charles Steel.
fense against the Christian standard of
ethics Is conveyed by the proposed radical
revision of the laws governing the Pro
testant Episcopal church in this country.
The special committee appointed by the
last general assembly of the church to re
port upon this matter has adopted can
ons which forbid rectors from performing
the ceremony of marriage when either of
the contracting parties has been divorced,
and also excommunicates Episcopalians
who have been divorced and remarry,
"except when the person so remarrying is
the innocent party to a divorce secured on
the ground of adultery."
ATLANTA CONSTITUTION'— The peo
ple of the South are part of the people of
the United States, with certain rights
which they propose to exercise regard
less of who wins in an election, and this,
too. without stopping to argue whether
they choose to entertain the one political
opinion or the other. They are not in need
of the patronizing sufficiency of a few
men who think they know it all. In the
meantime the cotton mill is going up all
over the South, and if there are any Phil
adelphia capitalists who want to invest
they will find better concerns in Georgia
than in Pennsylvania.
NEW YORK SUN— In the war. with
Spain we had not a single boat to spare.
The country was in a condition of pro
found peace when the New York, the Ore
gon and all the other vessels of which we
are so proud were built, and it was al
ways something of a struggle to secure
the authorization of new ships. Every
addition to our navy adds not only to our
ability to care for our vast Interests as a
nation but directly makes for peace in the
councils of the world. It is undeniable
that it is largely through the efficiency of
our navy that we shine as a world power.
NEW YORK POST-To an American
one of the striking things in France 13
the way that everybody buys flowers. No
matter how poor the owner, every market
garden must have its little nosegay. With
us flowers are rather the luxury of the
rich. In few of our great cities do cheap
and abundant flowers add, as in Washing
ton, to the attractiveness of the market*..
It is strange that florists have so grn^r
ally neglected the possibiltfes of flowers
for the multitude. If it pays to print yel
low Journals, why not to pick yellow dais
ies, which grow wild almost at our door?
RICHMOND TIMES— Talk about a re
united country, talk about the oblitera
tion of sectional prejudice, there is on<»
great obstacle in the way— the same that
caused friction between the two sections
and brought the war, even the negro prob
lem. The negro was a marplot first as a
slave and later as a voter. The slavery
question, thank God, has been settled and
retired. If now we can get rid of negro
suffrage the same Influence which control
politics in other sections will control in
the South, and the South will no longer
necessarily be solid for any party.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERICAN
—The time has not yet come, though it is
probably not far distant, when the Gov
ernment will see the wisdom of doing
something to save much of the water that
. now goes to waste in the States of the
Rocky Mountain region. Irrigation has
long since passed beyond the experimental
stage. It has even reached the point
where little more can be profitably done
by private capital. Yet vast areas of the
public domain remain unreclaimed In lo
calities where land would have a high
value if an artificial water supply were
assured the year round.
'PITTSBURG DISPATCH— The total im
ports for the year will not fall much be
low $S50,000.000, while tha total of exports
will go well up toward a billion and a half
of dollars. These figures are tremendous
when compared with the statistics even
of ten years ago. and tell the story why
Great Britain and Germany are worried
about their own commercial welfare. The
excess of exports over Imports to the end
of October was $499,667,936— a tidy sum to
the credit of the country abroad or to be
paid in the gold that Europe is seeking in
vain.
NEW YORK TRIBrNE— The Filipinos
are a bright people, with some Japanese
traits. If their youth sent here to learn
should show the Japanese adaptability
and receptivity they might transform tho
Philippine Islands, and make them a cen
ter of Western civilization. At any ratf,
the training of Filipinos here would give
us a body of intelligent natives in sym
pathy with American life, who would be
most useful as assistants In our adminis
tration there and as Jeaders of ttreir own
people.
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN— To Ameri
can insistence upon fair play and rqual
trade rights China will owe the preserva
tion of its territorial and political entity,
for Europe has agreed to these. Straight
forward American diplomacy has pre
vented not only a bloody struggle with
China, but probably a general Kuropean
war. At the same time it has preserve.!
American rights and interests. The sa
gacity of the American course is noTV ad
mitted everywhere.
MILWAUKEE "WISCONSIN— If tho
navigable channel from th*> lakes to the
gulf, by way of th*« Mississippi Rive.-,
should result from the movement of tho
Chicago drainage canal trustees and the
shipment of material to Europe by tho
St. Lawrence River route should incrf>a^<s
in volume, the ports of the Great Lak?a
would become great centers of manufaf
ture, for they are centrally located as to
raw material, fuel and transportation fa
cilities.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES— After all tho
outlay, the Transvaal is still unsubdued;
the restoration of peace and productive
industry is still In the dim future, and
England has no compensation yet in
sight. Even Kruger's flight to Europe
only makes the political situation mor-»
disquieting. As a lesson in the dangers of
imperial ambition the experience of Ens
land in South Africa ouerht not to be lost
upon other ambitious nations.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD — Signifi
cant condemnation of divorce as an of-
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Judge Morrow has defined the meaning of "more
or less" in law. It is interesting to observe that he
differs from the experience of most of us that the
meaning is 'Ics*."
It has been argued in one of our courts that local
civil service is superlatively absurd because it places
San Francisco gm-ernmentally out of California. The
lawyers seem to forget that the Phelanites have been
consistent in looking upon the city as a private reser
vation of their own. "
Chief of Police Sullivan intends to cripple Chinese
gambling dens by forcing them above the ground
floor. He possibly reflects that some members of the
force have proved their ability in connection with
Chinese gambling "to get in on the ground floor" in
more senses than one.
PERSONAL MENTION,
X>r. J. 'J. ¦ Miller of San Jose is at the
Occidental,
R. B. Butler, a Fresno oil man, Is .reg
istered at the Grand.
Charles Teagne. a prominent Fresno on
man, is at the Grand.
J. S. Phelps Jr. of the United States
navy is at the Palace.
Sol ' Rosenfield. "a Portland merchant, is
stopping at the Palace. , .,.'.."
J. S. Lowenthal, the Selma hotel man,
is stopping at the Kuas.'
B. U. Steinman, formerly. Mayor of Sac
ramento, is at the Palace. . ,.:
J. S. Ostrom, a rancher of Wheatland,
and his wife are at the Grand.
E. L. Lindemann, a large contractor of
Oregon, is stopping at the Palace.
Former Congressman T. . J. . Geary of
Santa Rosa is stopping at the Lick.
F. F. MacWilkle of the United States
navy is registered at the Occidental.
George C. Roedinp, a prominent Fresno
fruit-grower, . Is registered at the Lick.
'. W. H. Davenport of the Colorado Mid
land is spending the week at Los Angeles.
.W. B. Lardner, of Auburn, whom the
Republicans elected to the Senate by one
vote, Is at the Lick.
Former Judge E. D. Ham and wife of'
Napa have taken ¦ apartments at the
Grand .. for ; a few days.
J.: M.-Stanley, formerly deputy sheriff
of Mendoclno County. Is at the Rusa, hav-"
Ing Just returned from four months In
Nome. "He,- says the country is greatly
overestimated. . *
Joseph Durf ee of Smartsvllle, secretary
of ;' ; the ";. Excelsior - Mining: ¦ Company, - is
quartered at the Lick for a few days. He
China, it is announced, is willing to pay $10,000
as its first installment ofihdemnity for the horrifying
outrages which have excited the civilized world. Is
this the sarcasm of the Orient which is to conclude
the varied activities of the allied powers?
The allied powers have undet taken the gigantic
task of cleansing Peking of its filth. If the job takes
proportionately as long as our efforts to cleanses
Chinatown another generation must judge the result.
A New York girl thief has pleaded in excuse for
her offense that she never was trained to hard work.
She appears to have an excellent chance to make
amends for lost opportunities.
The rains are not sufficient to assure the field crops
of next summer, but they have raised a pretty good
crop of expectations for this fall.
z'""* ALIF0RNIA fiuit-growers are to hold their
I annual convention in this city beginning De-
cember 4 and continuing for four days. It is
expected the gathering will be the largest that has
ever yet assembled, and many issues of high impor
tance, not to the fruit men only but to the whole
State, are to be discussed.
The convention is to be held under the patronage
of the State Board of Horticulture, and a cordial in
vitation has been extended to all fruit-growers and
others interested in horticulture and kindred pursuit*
to be present and take part in the proceedings. It is
of course desirable that every branch of the fruit in
dustry be represented, for the problems to be dis
cussed concern them all.
A circular issued by the State Board of Horticul
ture outlines some of the more important issues af
fecting the fruit industry at this time by announcing:
"California fruit-growers demand an improved ex
pedited freight service for Eastern fruit shipments.
Unity of action upon the part of the growers is much
desired. In order- to prevent the introduction of the
dreaded Morelos orange maggot into California the
citrus-growers demand that all cars carrying said
fruit East be disinfected by live steam before entering
the State." It is also announced that at the conven
tion the California Cured Fruit Association, the
Citrus Fruit Exchange, the State Raisin Association
and other similar bodies will make reports of the sea
son's operation which will be of special interest.
For the purpose of encouraging attendance at the
convention it is announced that the Southern Pacific
Company and the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company will issue excursion tickets
to all persons going, to the convention and returning
at reduced rates from all points on their lines to San-
Francisco, provided a receipt for the tickets purchased
be taken at starting point. This will be counter
signed by, the secretary and will entitle the holder to
a return ticket at one-third the regular rate.
THE STATE FRUIT GROWERS.
offense against fair politics and the dignity of high
position. It is a distinct menace to the welfare of tht
country to which Sir Charles owes his highest pa
triotic duty. Nothing that Sir Wilfrid Laurier or
any of his more reckless supporters in Quebec may
have said could amount to a more potent appeal to
racial and religious prejudices than this speech of
Sir Charles. The evil effects of it are certain to be
long lasting and deeply pernicious to the politics of
the country.
The offense was the more grave because the speaker
was compelled to resort to something like an absurd
ity when trying to find specific illustrations of French
rule in Canada. Thus he is quoted as having, said:
"French Canadians are all-powerful at Ottawa, and
none but a Frenchman can obtain an appointment or
secure a contract for any public work in or out of
Quebec. Even in the old British Columbian town of
New Westminster, the people entirely being English
or Scotch, a French-Canadian from Quebec was given
the contract for the new federal buildings now in
course of construction there; every stonemason,
every plasterer and every carpenter working on that
building is a French Canadian, brought 3000 miles
from Quebec to New Westminster to do work which
should be given to home mechanics, but the latter
possess the unpardonable offense of an English
tongue, and no favors need be expected by them."
When a man of the high position of Sir Charles
Tupper warns his fellow countrymen that the French
are about to rule over them, and then has to come
down to petty charges about contractors' jobs, he has
certainly outlived his usefulness. The Conservatives
stand?"
A speech of that kind is something worse than an
A SHORT time ago Sir Charles Tupper, who for
many years has been the leader of the Conser
vative party in Canada, announced an intention
to retire from politics. He stated at the time that he
would have retired before the recent election had not
his friends urged him to continue at the head of the
party until after the campaign. He declared a feeling
of gratification in the fact that he was defeated for
re-election, inasmuch as it made his retirement easy,
and added he would not accept a seat in Parliament
if one were offered him without a contest.
All of that was very fine, and it appeared the "old
man eloquent of Canada," as he has been called by his
a«lmirers, was about to retire with dignity and grace.
The appearance, however, was deceitful. The old
man has been nursing a grievance, and has not been
;ble to keep it concealed from the public. He holds
the belief that his rival, the leader of the Liberals, Sir
Wilfrid Laurier, owes his success to the fact that he
•s of the French race and the Catholic religion, and
he has at last said so in a public speech which his
fr-ends will long have reason to deplore.
He is reported to have said that Laurier carried
Quebec by appealing "to the base passions of his ig
norant French Canadian compatriots," that he "is
breeding bitterness and unhappiness and strife," and,
in what is described as a voice of passion, he added:
"French Canadians rule Canada to-day. Men of
British blood, how much more are you going to
RACE PREJUDICE IN CANADA.
Lord Rosebery has puzzled Englishmen, the dis
patches announce, by a speech in which he mingled
common sense, sentiment and rhetoric. And it is safe
to say that there is not an Englishman alive who
would not be mortally offended if one were to pick
out the puzzling element of the speech. . \
An English skipper has reached port with the
startling information that he has discovered an island
of the South Pacific twenty-three miles out of place
on the map. He ought to congratulate himself that,
after the stir of the last two years, some of them wera
not oft the map altogether.
The new^ine will be one of the fine?t scenic routes
ii; America and will help to attract travel to the State.
It will open up a rich region of territory and pro
mote the development of the varied resources of the
coast. A picturesque and fertile section of the State
v.hich has been so long sidetracked will now be along
one of the main lines of travel and traffic, and the
benefits resulting are sure to be felt throughout Cali
fornia.
The road across the old gap is said to be an excel
lent one in even- respect. Our reports say: "The
entire old line between Hllwood and Santa Barbara is
being removed. Work has begun to straighten the
line between Ventura znd Santa Barbara. The old
it on is being replaced throughout with standard moun
tain Bteel. Curves arc being eliminated for fast time.
A Kj£ force is at work at either end of the, Santa
Sus.ina tunnel and along the Chatsworth Park line.
This will shorten the tintancc to Los Angeles, cutting
out heavy grades through a hot section, and places
the Oxnard district on the main line."
The completion of the gap has been long waited
for. More than ten ytars have elapsed since the
Southern Pacific manapers of that time promised that
if right of way w ere given the construction of the road
would be energetically and continuously prosecuted.
Many times since the promise was made the people
v.ho contributed to the right of way have been almost
iV despair. To their disappointed hopes it seemed -as
il the road would never be completed. All those fears
are now allayed. The completion of the work is at
hand. The Thanksgiving season will be propitious to
that festival which the coast people long ago decided
to hold as soon as the road was finished.
Should these reports prove true it will be a glad
Tlunksgivir.g day for all the counties along the coast
from San Francisco to Los Angeles, and, indeed, to
the whole State. Had the change in the qverland
route taken place before the construction of the Val
ley road and its union with the Santa Fe system the
result might have been prejudicial to the interests of
the San Joaquin. but now that great valley has the ad
vantage of competing tmnscontincntal routes and will
lose nothing by the gain which comes to the coast
counties. Thus the termination cf that enterprise is
one in which ail sections of California have reason for
gratification. It is another step forward in the ad
vancement of the commonwealth and prepares the way
for the next step, which ought to be the construction
of a railway alor.g the coast from San Francisco
northward so as to bring the rich territory of that re
gion in direct and speedy communication with the
metropolis.
T~\ ISPATCHES from Santa Barbara announce
I ) that the construction force on the "gap*' of the
" — coast road is at work on the last big viaduct
a: Gaviota; that it ha? been reported on gbod author
ity a locomotive will pass over the track closing the
g::p about Thank?giving, and, finally, that when th?
line is completed the overland traffic of the Southern
Pacific will go by that route.
COMPLETING THE CO0ST ROfJD.
The late dispatches from Washington give encour
agement that the wish will be gratified. The report
of the commission may not show such divergencies of
opinion as were feared; and with the earnest support
of the administration given to a definite line of policy
we may see the long debate ended this winter and the
big canal undertaken ¦\yithin a year.
The country desires an isthmian canal. The great
mass of the people are not advocates of any particular
'route. They wish only that the work begin promptly
and be prosecuted with vigor. There would be a gen
eral gratification if the^coming year, the first of the
new century, should see the enterprise begun in ear
nest.
Hardly anything could be gained by a further post
ponement at this time. We have had commission
after commission to examine the routes, and all the
facts in connection with each of them so far as the
ablest experts could comprehend have been laid be
fore Congress. Differences of opinion exist as a mat
ter of course, but they will always exist, and therefore
it will be just as easy to settle the matter this winter
as next winter.
There is of course no desire to have the Govern
ment take "snap judgment" on a matter of this kind.
The construction of a canal by either route will vir
tually prevent the construction of the other. It is
therefore a matter of the highest importance that a
wise selection, be made in determining the route.
When full allowance is made for all considerations of
that kind, however, the fact will remain that it would
be foolish to stand forever hesitating between the two
routes and constructing no canal at all.
While the danger of such a controversy has not
wholly passed away, the gratifying report has been
given out in Washington that the commission will
report almost unanimously in favor of Nicaragua. ' It
was added in the dispatches of yesterday: "There is
no reason whatever for believing that the Panama
route will be recommended, and it is said on good
authority that President McKinley has been given
information as to the most practical route, which he
will use in his message. This, in line with the report,
will advocate the adoption of the Nicaragua route;
the ratification of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty; the
construction of the canal without fortifications and
the adoption of tolls discriminating in favor of the
United States, Costa Rica and Nicaragua only so far
as coastwise vessels are concerned, and leaving the
canal open to all the shipping of the world."
SOME days ago we directed attention to a de
velopment of a sentiment in the Eastern States
in favor of the Panama route over that of "Nica
ragua for the construction of the interoceanic canal.
Commissioner Schlect, who had just returned home
after an examination of the routes, was reported to
have intimated a preference for Panama, and the
same preference was expressed by several influential
papers. Upon that shewing we pointed out there was
likely to be a prolonged contest between the advo
cates of the rival routes, and that as a consequence a
danger exists of an indefinite postponement of the en
terprise.
THE ISTHMIAN CANAL.
WEDNESDAY. ....NOVEMBER 21, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communication! to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
•lAXAfiEIl'S OFFICE TVIf phont Prei; "O4
PUBLICATIOX OFFICE... MarVot and Third, S. P.
Telephone Prc«» 201.
CDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenwon St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered hjr Cnrrl«*r«. 15 Crntu Per W«elc.
Flngrle Coplex. T> Cents.
Term* br Mall. Inolntlf ntr Yantntxri
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year..... $8. CO
DAILY CALL (Including Funday). 6 months S.M>
DAILT CALL (Including: Sunday). S monthi 1.59
DAILY CALL— By Bln«:le Month «c
FHCDAT CALL. One Year. 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 100
All postmaster* arc authorized to receive
*nbficription«.
Sample copies Trill be forwarded when requested.
Mali *nbscrJber» !n ordering: rhanc* of ¦ddres* sIinuH be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Jnfare a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA.VD OFFICE 1119 Broadway
C. GEORCn KROC\ESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lctr Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
ICETW YOTIK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAKLTOS Herald Square
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NE.VS STANDS:
TTalderf-ArtorJa. Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Equare;
Murray H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cher-man Houre; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
rvemont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASm>T.TO\ (D. CV» OFFICE. . . .1100 G St.. Jf. W.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
DRA\CII OFFICER— «7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until *:80 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. G3J
McAllister, or—n until 9:S0 o'clock. 6IS Lsrkln. open ontll
t :50 o'clock. J941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. J2C1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1W6 Valencia, open
until J> o'ciock. 1P« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-serrm4 and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
The South Sea cannibals who gave one of their
weird dances on the water front the other day are said
to have excited considerable amusement. It is all in
the point of view; the effect of the dance would have
been very different if the spectators were being enter
tained at the home of the cannibals.
It is not necessary to go over the whole list. The
instances given show that even a reduction of. so small
an amount as that fixed upon can be made in a way
that will give no little satisfaction. There is nothing
gained by having a surplus revenue. The people have
need of all their money in the channels of trade, and
it can be much better employed in private business
than in the vaults of the treasury.
It is clear that in any revision of the law the tax on
express companies and telegraph companies should
be either so framed that the corporations cannot,
evade it, or else it should be abolished. It is folly to
maintain a tax that cannot be honestly enforced.
A more important issue is that of the taxes on ex
press and telegraph xeceipts. Those taxes are fair
enough in themselves, and could they be enforced as
Congress * intended, so that the corporations would
have to pay them, there would be no objection. In
operation, however, such taxes have had no ether
effect than that of promoting fraud on the part of
the corporations and discontent on the part of the
public. The Call has exposed the trick by which
Wells-Fargo sought to dodge the tax by offering to
take a whole wagon-load of papers as one package,
giving one receipt for it and thus cheating the Gov
ernment. The Call refused to be a party to the fraud,
but doubtless if has been extensively practiced, never
theless.
Although a reduction of $15,000,000 is not much in
'.tself, it can be made a considerable relief to the pub
lic by arranging to produce it by a repeal of those
tsxes which while yielding comparatively little rev
enue are either unjust or are harassing and annoying.
An unjust tax is that levied upon the native table
wines without respect to value. That tax falls al
most exclusively upon California, since in no other
part of the Union ire wines used at meals by the
general mass of people. We have evaded the tax
somewhat by serving wine in pitchers or in glasses,
but the evasion is not satisfactory. The revenue
raised in that way cannot amount to much, and the
tax should be repealed.
Appropriations for the current year aggregate $7°9r
729.476. For the coming: fiscal year estimates will
amount to $750,000,000 or more, including the expense
of the postal service. The principal reason given for
this increase instead of a possible reduction is that the
continuation of the war in the Philippines has made
it impossible to reduce the expenditures for a military
establishment. Estimates for this object will approxi
mate what they were last' year in round figures — $128,
000,000. An extensive ship-building programme
being carried out by the navy also requires increased
expenditures, and naval estimates for next year are
more than $28,700,000 larger than for the last year.
An estimate will also be submitted for about $25,000,
000 for river and harbor improvements.
Further reductions can hardly be expected from this
% Congress, partly because the session is going to be
too short to undertake a radical revision of the rev
enue laws in connection with the other business be
fore Congress, but mainly because there is likely to
be an increase of expenditure which will materially
reduce the surplus revenues, and no one knows ex
actly how much will remain.
WASHINGTON reports announce that Secre
tary Gage will probably recommend a reduc
tion of about $15,000,000 a year in the war rev
enues. The report is in harmony with statements re
cently made by Mr. Payne, chairman of the Ways and
Means Gommittee of the House, and is doubtless re
liable.
REDUCTION OF WAR TAXES.
of Canada have no reason to regret that Sir Cha'les
has retired from politics. A man with that kind of
temper is unfit for leadership. He has led his party
to defeat, and now in his rage he has closed his career
with about as grave a political blunder, as was ever
committed by any statesman of any age.
• BRYAN'S POPULAR VOTE — Sub
scriber, City. While the figures have not
yet been tabulated to show the exact pon
ular vote at the last held election for each
Presidential candidate, the pluralities
show that Bryan did not receive so lares
a popular vote as he did In Is96.
POETRY-Joe, Wataonvllle. Cal. if the
poems written by you are all of the- style
of ' h « "sample Inclosed" this department,
which is asked for a cnndld opinion is
forced to tell you that those "critics" who
have told you that you can write poetrv
must have wanted to Hatter your vanity
You have Rood Ideas, but the "sample'*
Is not poetry.
' REGULATIONS AND LAWS-J. J., Pitt
River. Cal. For rules, regulations ami
laws for ferry boat* on rivers, you will
?^ ve *. to communicate with the office of
*£«>»>"•<*¦ State* Supervising inspector
of Steam Vewnels. Appraiser's building
San Francisco. 8f
RALSTON'S DEATH-W., 'Santa Cruz
Cal. The Bank of California closed Its
doors on the 26th of Augusst. 1875. and W.
C. Ralston died the next day.
A HAND IN CRIB-X. X. Y.. East Oak
land, Cal. In the game of crib "two three
spots, two nine spots, with a three turned
up," counts twenty.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
AN OPPORTUNITY.-^Take edvantar* of the
round-trip steamer tickets, only $60 during No
vember, Including fifteen days* board at Hotel
del Coronado. the Ideal summer and Winter re
sort. Apply at 4 New Montgomery it., city.
Edward Worcester and Charles M
Woods, merchants from Plttsburff and
New York respectively, are registered at
the Palace.
Is here attending the convention of the
California Miners' Association.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, , WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21; 1900.
Mary Cuthbert Holds Medal of Honor
rrom the Chicago Home
STAR SERVANT "GIRL"
IS JUST SEVENTY-TWO
WHII/E women's clubs in all
the English-speaking na
tions, especially in the United
States, are holding conven
tion on top of convention In
the effort to solve what is termed "the
servant girl" question, there comes out
of Chicago a bright object lesson. It is
embodied in Mary Cuthbert, aged 72, un
doubtedly the star domestic of the land.
She has served one family well and faith
fully for fifty-four years, and Bhe Isn't
through yet.
Mary Cuthbert is the proud possessor of
the prize presented by the Home. Science
Club of Chicago for the servant with the
longest record in one family. She has
been with the family of Mrs. Charles
SONOMA COTJNTT FARMER— Owners
should manage orchards on their own ac
count or rent them to competent whita
men. Those who have tried Chinese rent
ers have generally found them to be un
grofl table tenants. When the American
y birth or adoption tries fruit farming
he generally learns it well. If he doe3
not succeed the first year he compares
notes with neighbors and improves in his
methods or seeks some other field. It is
far better to lease land to one who natu-
SANTA ROSA REPUBLICAN— It is not
pleasing to learn that a professor in Stan
ford University has lost his place because
of his utterances in regard to economic
questions. Professor Ross would be of
no value to the institution in which he has
labored if he were without decided con
victions concerning the subjects taught
by him. He is an original thinker and is
outspoken in the declaration of his views.
While we have not Infrequently differed
from him in his discussion of issues and
havo noted his change of attitude concern
ing economic questions, we have not
doubted his honesty or his ability.
FRESNO REPUBLICAN— It is well, in
deed, for Stanford University that the
enforced resignation of Professor Ross
was not made public ten days ago. bo
fore the people had voted on the amend
ment exempting the university from tax
ation, for there is no question that, in
that case, the amendment would have*
been overwhelmingly defeated. The only
possible excuse for exempting Stanford
University from taxation is the conten
tion that it is in everything but name a
public Institution. Nothing is a public
Institution whose essential policies are
subject to the whim of any private per
son whatever, and still less if that whim
is nothing but an old woman's crotchet.
6
In this rapid transit period few people
can appreciate the fact that within tho
memory of many old Inhabitants It re-
quired a. day and a half to make a jour-
ney from New York to Philadelphia.
Gulllet'» Thanksgiving mines r'». Icecream.
905 Larkin St.. pbone East 19*. *
Best eyeglasses, specs, 13c to 40c; look
out for SI 4th. front of barhrr & gfrccery.»
When the hair is thin and gr*y Parker's Balr
Balsam renews the rrowth and color.
HindercorTis. th« beat cure for corns. 15 ct».
In China' criminals and political prison-
ers are beheaded. Some of the execution-
ers are so expert that they can arrange
and behead a man In 1? seconds.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau < Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. - - • ,
Tcwnseni's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets, 639 Market. Palace Hotel building. •
Choffce candles. Townsend's.Palace Hotels
AUCTION SALES.
By Chase & Mer.acnhall— This day. Horses, at 1782 Market
street.
By Sullivan & TV>yl«— This day. at U o'clock, at ST1 Sixth
ftreet. Horses and Bucg-le*.
Hy Wm. G. LaynK— Thursday evening, at 7:45, at 721-723
Hov.ard. Thcroujhbred Horses.
By W. II. Hord— Saturday. November U, at 10 o'cIock,
Horses and M-jle«. E t Armftror.gf Ranch. Davisville.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "The Railroad of Lore."
Coiurr.b'.a — "The Awr."
TIvoll— "A Jolly Musketeer." *
Alhamtira— "A Ftrar.ccr in New York."
California— Rcval Marine Band cf Italy.
Orrhfum— Vaudeville.
Grand Or><Ta-hou!=»> — "Tannhauser."
Olympia, cirner Mafon and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo ar.d Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•x-enlns.
Orph^um— Benefit Charity Fund Associated Theatrical Mar-
itxrt, Thursday afternoon, November 22.
FisehT'F — Vaudeville.
Oo'.flen Oate Ha'l— Benefit P.azaar. Thursday afternoon.
Tar.foran Park— Races to-day.
In a child that is backward
in teething, look out for
rickets. can prevent
any serious consequences by
promptness.
The cause is poor nutrition,
imperfect digestion of food,
wrong food, poor food, bad air,
low life.
. You must stop it. Give
Scott's emulsion . of cod-liver
oil to feed the bones. Now
give him good food: the
proper food for a child.
It is a short job, and not .a
difficult one.
Well wad you a Httle to try tf yen like.
SCOTT & B0WN£ 4«9 Pear! street, Kn York.
A BACKWARD CHILD
A -nVTrRTTSEMENTS.Sheldon G. Kellogg and Miss Annie G.
Sheppard will be married at the First Uni
tarian Church this evening at S:30 o'clock.
The»ceremony will be performed by the
Rev. Bradford Leavltt, pastor of the
church. ¦
Mr.' Kellogg is a prominent lawyer of
this city, and has always been prominent
in public affairs. He is a member of the
Board -'of Election Commissioners, and
was chairman of the convention that
nominated Horace Davis for Mayor of San
Francisco.
The bride-to-be is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Ell T. Sheppard. She Is a prom
inent society woman of San Francisco and
Is well known through her efforts In the
cause of charity. Her father was for
merly United States Consul at Tientsin,
China. " ' .
Sheldon G. Kellogg and Miss Annie
Sheppard Are to Be United
This Evening.
PROMINENT PEOPLE WILL
BE JOINED IN WEDLOCK
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Annie Flynn from Joseph J. Flynn
for neglect; Charles Drescher from Marie
E. A. Drescher for desertion; Mary Jani
West from Philander N. "Wtst for deser
tion; Mary Oswald from Henry Oswald
for desertion, and Emma L. Rayburn
from Louis A. Rayburn for neglect. "Suits
for divorce were filed yesterday by Gert
rude B. Johnson against Waldo S. John
son for cruelty; May P. Laskay pgainst
Frank J. L*u»kay for failure to provide.
Rav Brotman against Benjamin Brotman
for cruelty; Oscar Horwitz against Sarah
Horwitz for desertion, and Edith M. Wall
against Charles A. Wall for crueity.
HTJNTINGTON TO INSPECT
NEW COAST DIVISION
Will Go Over the Nearly Completed
Road With Chief Engineer
Hood.
H. E. Huntlngton, vice president of the
Southern Pacific, and William H. Hood,
the company's chief engineer, -will leave
this mornlnsf for Los Angeles. The main
object of the trip is to Inspect the new
Coaat division. The closing of the "gap"
is now a matter of only a few weeks, and
with Its completion a big force of men
will be put to work ballasting the road.
This will be the final step to be taken be
fore the line is opened for travel.
H. E. Huntlngton has not inspected the
line for more than six months, during
which time, much has been done under
Mr. Hood's supervision. It is hoped to
have trains running over the road by the
beginning of the new year. The Inspec
tion party will be gone two or three days.
Two of a Trade Seldom Af*ree,
But all must agree Evans' Ale and Stout are.
beet for you and me. Mellow and clear. •
Taxes are coming in at a lively rate in
the Tax Collector's office. Yesterday tho
Bum of $324,000 was paid in as taxes on
the properties owned or controlled by tho
Southern Pacific Company in this city.
The Hibernia Bank also paid $195,000 as
taxe« on properties on which It holds
mortgages.
Taxes Coining In Fast.
Kicked by a Vicious Horse.
N. 'Waldsteadt had a broken leg 1 set at
the Receiving Hospital yesterday by Dr.
Starr. WaldstPadt was driving alon?
Tenth street and when crossing Foisom
the ugly tempered brute kicke<i through
the dashboard, hitting the leg of the
driver.
It seems to b© generally understood
amonff the local railroad men that F. H.
McGuigan will accompany Charles M.
Hays, the new president of the Southern
Facinc, when the latter comes here in
January to take up his new duties. It
was thought at first that McGuigan
would succeed Hays as general manager
of the Grand Trunk system, as he was
next in line for promotion and his name
had been recommended to the board ,of
directors by Hays, who was asked by
President Wilson to recommend a good
man for the vacancy. But the recent ap
pointment of George B. Reeve to that po-
Fltion opened up a ne\v avenue of specula
tion.
McGuigan is said to have considered
the matter carefully before declining to
accept the Kastern appointment. It is
thought he was Influenced by a better of
fer from Mr. Hays. Railroad men say it
is not likely that McGuigan would be con
tent to retain his present position as gen
eral superintendent Of the Grand Trunk
when he could have held the more im
portant and lucrative office of general
manager. It is taken for granted that
McGuigan will, in all probability, leave
the Grand Trunk at the same time that
Mr. Hays goes and that the two will
come to San Francisco together.
This theory is given emphasis bv the
recently published dispatch from Montreal
I that several officials who have been asso
i dated with Hays since he went to Canada
are to join him in this city. McGuigan
and Hays have been intimately associated
with each other in railroad work for the
past twelve or more years and Havs has
always shown a disposition to advance
the interests of McGuigan on every pos
sible occasion.
Just what office McGuigan would fill If
he came to the coast Is. of course, a mat.
' ter of speculation. There is no offic** of
jreneral superintendent at the present
time, but it is generally understood that
the duties which usually fall under that
)We are now being performed by General
Manager Julius Kruttschnitt and Man
ager J. A. Fill more.
Pacific Is an Intimate
Friend. •"'
HAYS MAY BRING
McGUIGAN HERE
New President of Southern
"I will do nothing." said Oodchaux, "un
til the case Is finally Bettled on appeal.
Judge Hebbard simply overruled the de
murrer put in by the Civil Service Com
mission. The commission has ten days
within which to answer, but. with the
expectancy of an unfavorable decision. It
will probably take the case to the Su
preme Court Instead. It Is quite likely
that after the final decision Is rendered I
will reappolnt some of my old staff as
vacancies occur."
"As I understand the matter, the suit
was brought by a taxpayer to prevent a
wasteful expenditure of the. city's money
and I might be enjoined from signing the
salary demands of the commissioners on
that ground. I have referred the point
to my attorneys, however, and I will abide
by their opinion."
Recorder Godchaux, who probably had
more civil service eligibles forced upon
him than any other city official, says
that he will not take any action with re
gard to his copyists as a result of Heb
bard'ei decision. A rumor was current
around the City H.iU that Oodchaux
would dismiss his copyists to make room
for some of those who were ousted when
civil service was put Into effect.
Auditor Wells is In some doubt whether
the salary demands of the Civil Service
Commissioners should be audited. He
has referred the matter to his legal ad
visers for an early opinion.
"The fact that the duties of the Civil
Service Commission have been seriously
curtailed by taking from its Jurisdiction
all the county offices will lea\-e but HtUo
for it to do, says Wells. "The decision
to my mind affects any office which does
busine.es with the State and to tne long
list of offices which were directly affecte.1
by the suit might be added the office of
the Auditor, Treasurer and even the Reg
lstrar. In that event the Civil Service
Board would be concerned only with the
Board of Public Works. Health Board and
the Police and Fire Departments; and this
would not require a great deal of their
time.
"I am in favor of holding the examina
tions scheduled even at the risk of being
cited for contempt of court." said Mc-
Carthy after the conference. "The fact
that I might spend a few days in jail
would not deter me from rising- to a de
fense of the civil service system to which
Judge Hebbard has dealt so serious a
blow. I consider Hebbard's decision as
an outrage in that it prevents the Civil
Service Commissioners- from performing
their legal duties. If I could bring my as
sociates to my way of thinking, we would
bring this matter to an issue by holding
the examinations, no matter at what cost
it might be to our personal liberty. It
fieems, though, that more peaceable meas
ures will be resorted *.o and a reversal of
Hebbard's decision by the Supreme Court
is t>ur only hope."
McCarthy strongly urged his colleagues
to hold the examinations scheduled for
the offices proscribed from civil service,
notwithstanding Judgd Hebbard's deci
sion, but Freud and Quinn would not
agree to this plan until the matter had
been referred to attorneys who had con
ducted the commission's side of the case.
The Civil Service Commissioners held a
secret conferenceyesterday afternoon with
Mayor Phelan in his private office for the
purpose of authorizing the course to be
pursued in the matter of Judge Hebbard's
decision overthrowing the merit system
in so far as it affects county offices. Com
missioners Freud, McCarthy and Quinn
were present at the conference and took
part -in an animated discussion whicn
lasted more than an hour. The only con
clusion arrived at was that an appeal
will be taken immediately to the Supreme
Court. This much was admitted by Freud
and Quinn when they came away from
the meeting. Neither of the commission
ers would say anything further.
McCarthy Urges Board to
Hold Civil Service Ex
aminations.
WOULD DISOBEY
COURT ORDER
"I had just left the Mail dock." Murphy
said, "and suggested to a friend that we
go and have a beer. We had just ordered
the drinks In Jerry Maloney's saloon,
•when a man whom I never saw before
came in with the officers and said. 'That's
the fellow,* and they arrested me. I do
not know why, but they said I had tried
to shoot somebody."
The crowd gradually dispersed and a lit
tle later in the evening Mrs. Albrecht
¦went to the door to take a glance at the
weather. The shots were fired upon the
appearance of the woman's head. Al
brecht went for the police and took them
to Maloney's saloon on Second street,
•where they arrested Murphy, -who was
identified by Mrs. Albrecht as the man
who did the shooting. He was locked up
and charged with assault to murder.
The noise attracted the attention of Al
brecht. who canto out, and told Murphy
that Campbell had no money. - Murphy
then became quarrelsome and was finally
thrown out by the proprietor.
It seems that early In the evening a
crowd was gathered in the saloon drink
ing, when Jerry Murphy entered and
joined in the festivities. Several rounds
of drinks were had. One of the men,
named Campbell, went out through the
rear door of the place and was followed
by Murphy, who asked for the loan of
eome money. Campbell told him he had
no money to loan, which did not suit Mur
phy, who started a loud argument.
Mrs. John P. Albrecht opened the door
of her husband's place of business at 301
Bryant street last night and was greatly
6tartled by the flash made, by two shots
from a revolver. The bullets imbedded
themselves in the door and 1 window
frames, narrowly missing the wife of the
groceryman.
Mrs. Albrecht Takes a Look
at the Weather and Is
Made a Target.
SALOON-KEEPER'S
WIFE SHOT AT
contribution from the California Theater.
The Alcazar will give an act from "The
Railroad of Love." and the Alhambra will
send down the McCoy Sisters and Sam
Marlon. "A Stranger In New York,"
whose specialty is the hit of the last work
of the late lamented plonee'r of farce
comedy, Hoyt. Leander Brothers, novelty
acrobats, will represent the Chutes. Eddie
Mack, a descriptive buck and wing
dancer, will be the Olymnia's contribu
tion, and the Orpheum will present every
act on this week's bill, except one.
The seats are going with a rush.
will be given at the Orpheum to-morrow
afternoon, beginning at 1 o'clock sharp.
The programme will be the strongest
ever given in this city. From the Grau
Opera Company will come limp. Olltzka,
the great contralto; David Blsnham, the
eminent barytone, and Walter Damrosch,
";he composer and conductor. Frank Dan
iels will send his "Ameer" company up
fn»in the Columbia, and Ferris Hartman
and the principals of the chorus of "The
Jolly Musketeer" will represent the
Tlvoll. The Royal Marine Bank of forty
five pieces, and Slg. Setero, will be the
p»j1=^HEATRICAL people are noted for
I their generosity. The actor folk
II are always the first to offer their
W assistance when rver any occasion
for charity arises. But the aver
age actor man and woman Is improvident,
hence the actors' fund of New York, and
of the Associated Theatrical Managers of
San Francisco. The latter organization
has taken care of many sick and destitute
professionals and buried several dead
mummers during the past year, and to aid
the charitv fund the second annual benefit
THE McCOY SISTERS AND SAM MARION, NOW AT THE ALHAMBRA, WHO WILL BE AMONG THE PARTIC
IPANTS IN THE BIG BENEFIT FOR THE ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MANAGERS' CHARITY FUND AT
THE ORPHEUM TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
The reader may ask. What Is this rea
sonable time within which an employer, if
promising to repair, is bound and beyond
which he Is not bound In any event? No
definite time can be fixed: each case
stands by Itself. In a case against the
Northern Pacific Railroad that was tried
In Minnesota an employe who served as a
blacksmith leave notice that his assist
ant was Incompetent and was promised
a better one. Relying on this promise, he
continued at his work, and four days
afterward was injured by his assistant.
The company contended that so loner a
period had passed since the time of mak
ing their promise and the accident that
their employe should have regarded their
promise as no longer binding, and the
risk therefore of working with the incom
petent- helper was his own. The court
rendered a verdict In favor of the em
ploye, which was sustained by the Court
of Review.
Another case Involving thta question
arose In Alabama. A miner was using a
fu»e that did not Ignite readily. Six days
before the accident to be. described, the
master had been notified that the fuse
was bad, and he told the miner to do the
best he could with what he> had until he
could get other. The miner continued to
work, and six days after the master's
promise he charged a hole with dynamite,
lit the fuse and left the mine.- The ex.
plosion ought to have happened Iri two or
three minutes: the miner waited twenty
minutes and then returned. At that mo-
Again, suppose an employer makes a
promise to repair and forgets it. or breaks
ft, what then? This is an important ques
tion. The rule Is this: If an employe, re
lying upon it, continues at his post, he
can hold his employer for any liability
that may happen to him growing out of
the defect of which he had given notice,
within a reasonable time to remedy it If
the employe Is so inclined. If he does
not remove the defect within this period,
thte law regards him as having changed
his mind, and his promise to repair or
remove the defect is no longer binding.
If, therefore, the employe continues to
work beyond this period eriven by the law
to- the employer, to make his promise
good, he does so at his risk, as thouerh
the employer had never promised at all.
How Long Is the Promise Binding?
An employer on receiving such notice
often promises'to dismiss the Incompetent
servant, or repair the defective apparatus,
and by reason of this promls** the employe
continues to work. In such cases tho
courts all agree that he does not assumo
the new risk; the master assumes it. In
other words, he would quit work If his
master did not promise to make the de
fect good. The master does not wish him
to stop, and tells him to go on as befora
and he will cure the difficulty, whatever
it may be; and he, relying solely on this
promise, resumes hi3 task. Clearly In
such cases the master is liable for any
injury that may happen to him after that
from using the defective machine or appli
ance or continuing to labor with the in
competent servant. But if. when he no
tifies the master of his discovery, he say3
nothing, is an oyster, makes no promise
to do anything, he assumes no new lia
bility, and if his workman continues f>
labor as before he does so at his own
risk.
Effect of Not Keeping 1 the Promise.
Effect of Employer's Promise.
This is the law In most States. An em
ploye must notify his employer of the m
competency of a fellow-servant who U
working with him. of a defect that ha.*
happened in any appliance or machine h*
Is using. If he does not he Is regarded
as assuming the newly discovered risk.
Thus far all the courts enforce the same
rule. But if an employe gives notice o:
a defect or of the working of an Incom
petent servant by the side of him he still
assumes the risk If his employer does not
promise to remedy the defect and his em
ploye continues to work. The courts of
Illinois and many others say the same
thing, that an employer is negligent If
he does nothing to remedy the defect after
he has received notice of It; on the other
hand, the employe is also nosrliRent If he
remains at his post. The courts say that
he can quit and that it is his duty to do
so. This, however, is not the rule In all
the States, as we shall soon learh.
the Risk Himself.
In Wilder's case against the United
States Rolling Stock Company, which wae
tried by the courts of Illinois, he was in
jured by an incompetent engineer em
ployed by the same company. In setting
forth his duties the court said that he
was required to "keep his eyes open to
what was passing before him, and avail
himself of such information as he might
receive with respect to the habits and
•ways of his fellow-servants, and if, from
either of these sources of Information, he
found that one of them, from incompe
tency or other cause, rendered his owr.
position extra hazardous. It was his duty
to notify the master, and if the latter
refused to discharge the incompetent or
otherwise unfit fellow-servant the com
plaining servant would have no alterna
tive but to quit the master's employ. If
he does not, he will be deemed to have as
sumed the extra hazard of his position
thus occasioned. On the part of the mas
ter, it is negligence to retain the derelict
servant in his employ. It is, on the other
hand, negligence in the complaining ser
vant to continue longer in the master's
service unless he intends to assume the
extra risk himself."
If He Does Not Notify He Assumes
Wilder's Case.
On one occasion the rule was applied in
Alabama to the case of a miner. It is
everywhere admitted, says the court,
"that if the danger encounttred by the
employe through h!s continuance in the
service is so obvious and inevitable as
that no person of ordinary prudence
would venture upon It then the continu
ance ot the peril is a,t his own risk and
the employer is sccuitted of responsibil
ity upon che ground of the employe's con
tributory negligence. Where, however,
the employe or servant, electing not to
abandon his employment, gives notice to
the employer of such defect in the appli
ances or instrumentalities used by him.
and the employer promises to remedy the
defect, the relationship of the contracting
parties at once undergoes a change. The
assurances of the employer that the dan
ger shall be removed is an agreement by
him that he will assaime the risk Incident
to the danjrer for a reasonable time."
Such is the law In all the States.
The Case of a Miner.
Suppose he does give notice, what then?
Douotless many of our readers imagine
we will answer that the master becomes
p.t once the insurer against the new risk.
Nothing of the kind. If he promises to
repair, then he becomes the insurer: if
he keeps silent, in many States, though
not in all, the courts have paid that ne
does not assume any new liability. What
then is the condition of the employe?
Either he must assume the new risk or
quit. The master cannot compel him to
serve longer; he can quit if he pleases;
but if he chooses to remain he does so at
his own risk, unless his employer prom
ises to repair or remove the new defect
or risk, whatever it may be. The rule
has been repeated by the courts.
If a defect occurs in a machine or an in
competent employe Is found out and the
discoverer continues at his post and gives
no notice of his discovery and is after
ward injured through the defect, what
ever it may be, ho can recover nothing.
In such cases the courts say that the em
ploye assumes the new risk.
Consequences of Not Giving Notics.
ployers of Defects, Etc.
The law requires every employe to no
tify his employer of defects mat occur in
the appliances of machinery that he Is
using, or of incompentency in hla co
employes. This rule is based on the
lounde-u reason. The employer must
look to those who work for him far such
infcrmatlcn. The employer of. a great
factory could not by persona! Inspection
find out every defect; nor <jould persons
appointed toy him for that purpose. Of
course there is often inspection cf ma
chinery by persons who are hkllled in the
use of it, but besides such inspections the
law clearly throws on employes the duty
also ot notifying employers cl all defects
that happen while they are at work.
Employes Must Notify Their Em-
BY AlBERT S. BOLL.ES, LL.D.
Answers.
59. Rossettl. 60. ZanffwW. H. Velas
quez. 62. Mary Cusack. £*. Andrew-
Jackson. 61. George IV. 63. Lafayette.
fA. Pushkin, 67. T.eltih Hunt and Walter
Savage Landor. 6S. IMsraell. K>. John
Paul Jones. 70. Richard Cromwell.
S3. What maiden, famous In ballads,
fought at the siege of Ghent to avenge her
lover's death?
84. Who was "Patty L<?*"?
K5. What poet laureate was called "Mlai
Alfred"?
81. Which of the United States was
originally called "New Caesaroa"?
82. Which Is the only remaining of the
seven wonders of the world?
71. What recent well-known author
wrote much of his best work over a femi
nine signature?
72. What Kreat ruler was known as
"Madame la Ressource"?
73. The heart of what poet was plucked
from cremation flames by a friend?
75. What historical character known
as "His Red Eminence" figures in many
well-known romances?
75. What noted artist was the son of a
monk and a nun?
76. Who was "Squintinjr Sam"?
77. What noted English King was a
tanner's grandson?
73. What American battle Is known as
"The Battle Above the Clouds"?
79. Who was called "Robespierre a che
val"?
SO. What American commander waa
killed by a volley from his own lln«»s?
HOME STUDY CIRCLE QUERIES.
University of Pennaylvanla.
This, however, is not the law in all the
States. In some of them. Virginia, for
example, the courts hold that on the dis
covery of some great defect, the employ
ment of an incompetent servant or the
breaking" of a machine, if the employe
gives notice of it he has done enough, lie
ia not required to quit to escape the un
usual risk. If he chooses to remain, he
can do so and his master is responsible
for the consequences.
ALBERT S. BOLLES.
The Law in Virginia.
It may also be added that a clear differ
ence exists between the cases In which
an unusual risk Is discovered after an em
ploye has been to work and the cases in
which he knows of Its existence before,
undertaking employment. When he
knows of it at the outset, tho risk of in
jury from alt dangers known, or ought
to have been known by him. is wholly his
own. But after he has begun worn he
may discover a dancer the risk of which
he is unwilling to assume and from whlcn
he escapes by notifying hla master and
obtaining hla promise to remove it. On
the other hand, as we have seen, if the
master makes no promise to his employe
In response to the notice, and he works
on as before, the law regards him as as
suming the risk, as much so as though,
he had known it in the beginning.
Undertaking Employment
Again, when an employer has been no
tified of the incompetency of a servant,
or of some new delect in an appliance or
machine, he has a reasonable time to in
vestigate th<» charge or notice before act
ing, lie is not required on the complaint
by a workman of the Incompetence of an
other to dismiss him, or to make any
promise to dismiss him. or to assume any
more risk if he is kept until he has in
vestigated for himselt. 'ihia la the law.
The courts maintain that an employer
need not act until assured that the com
plaint or notice is true. If the law wero
otherwise, it is maintained, employers
wouW be put too much at the mercy of
their employes.
Risks Discovered Before and After
gate After Receiving Notice.
The Supreme Court of Indiana also re
marks that this rule dors not prevail in
all the States. "Some of the cases gn
further and assert that the promise of
the employer exonerates the employe en
tirely, ev^n though the continuance in
the service is known to him to be con
stantly and immediately dangerous."
An Employer Has Time to Investi-
The court of review considered another
principle that oujjiit to be clearly under
stood. If the delect or new danger ts a
very grave one. the employe ought to quic
at once, and if he bhould remain, relying
on his employer's promise to remove It,
the risk is nevertheless his own, and il
Injured he can look to no one for redress.
The rule has been thus stated by the Su
preme Court of Indiana. When a new dan
ger has been discovered, if it Is not great
and constant, and his employer promises
to remove it, he may rely on the promise.
but when the danger is great and lmmtiii
ate "and is of such a nature that a pru
dent man would not voluntarily Incur it."
a promise to remove it does not iusttfy
an employe in remaining at his post.
"When the line of danger, direct and cer
tain, is reached, there the citizen mus*
stop, and he cannot pass it. even upon
the faith of another's promise. If to pa3.a
It requires a hazard that no prudent man
would Incur."
Taken.
ment the mine exploded and the miner
was killed. The employer sought to
shield himself behind this rule of law that
the miner had remained at his work be
yond a reasonable time after his employee
had promised to supply him with proper
fuse. He asked the court to charge th<*
jury that If they should conclude from
the evidence that the miner continued at
his work beyond a reasonable time after
the promise to furnish the fuse was given
his wife could not recover anything from
the employer. The Judse refused to
charge the jury In that way. and the Su
preme Court said that the request was a
proper one and ought to have been Riven.
Risks That Cannot B3 Knowingly
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
LAW/ LESSONS: EMPLOYERS AND EmPLOYES.
Loeal Theaters Will All Contribute "the Best They Have for
the- Actors' Benefit Programme.
LANDSLIDE OF GOOD THINGS
AT THE ORPHEUM TO-MORROW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1900.
The ladles connected with the Church of
the Advent will hold a bazaar for the
benefit of the church at Golden Gate Hall
to-morrow and Friday afternoons and
evenings. The affair will be Oriental In
many of Its details. Mrs. W. T. Marvin
has arranged a whole street full of booths
in Oriental style for the occasion.
•Mrs. -Marvin's assistants are the Misses
Du Vai, Lola and Gertrude Davis and
Wellington. Judson Brusle will . act as
spieler for hla wife at her unique Egyp
tian booth. At a Japanese tent the young
ladies of St. Agnes Guild, assisted by the
Boys' Club, will tender for sale the rarest
blossoms ever made of paper.
Church of Advent Bazaar.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
NOTIFYING EMPLOYERS OF UNUSUAL DANGERS
7
VI.
26-30 O'Farrell St.,
8AIM FRANCISCO.
Mandolin, Guitar or Banjo..
So easy to learn to play —
such excellent finished, Cre«
mona tone. Call and hear
one or send for beautiful cata-
logue.
So much happiness for
$ 1 5.00 — a lifetime of melody
in a
ADVEETISEMENTS.
After-Theater Refreshments.
The completeness of the arrangements
made for your entertainment In the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when It is
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are in
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
service, moderate charge*. Open every
evening (Sundays exempted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
jd&^ PAINLESS
j^y?*3~g&$^^ EXTflflCT/O/V
fm&S^SgijX5*i tJ^JSb Our $5,00 Plates
DR. K.L.° WALSH
* "- Wl 815% GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Lark in.
Telephone Polk 1125.
Write for new catalogue of watches. Jewelry &
Fllverware. Hammersmith & Field, 26 Kearny. •
VA/. T. HOSS.
KCTABY FU3I.I3 AS3 ATTOSNEf-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid?.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. £21 California rt., below Powell.
FECOND WAGNER NIGHT. '
BOYAL QABINE BAND OF ITALY.
PROGRAMME— (l| Prelude, Act 1, "Lohen-
prin" <WagnT>; '2) Trumpet Solo. "Prize
Fory?" <Wa?ner>. Fignor 1)1 Girolamo: <%) Harp
P^:<\ F^iected. Pienor Seturo: (4) "Albumb^att"
fWssra^r): <h\ overture. "Tanrhatisrr" <WaR:-
Der): '•>) "G"Utl Without Words" (M*nd<»l<!-
MhnV (7) T^nor Pol". BelectM. Fijjnpr Glan-
r.inl; <n Clarinet Duet, "Two Little Bul-
flnchW* *K1!ti£). Bietmri Srarra and Dfcimo;
rri) •"Fau^t" Waltz and Chorus IGounod).
ComTn^ncinr Next Sunday Afternoon.
"Phoulii Ol«l A^uaintaneo n» Fnnrot" IIAV-
ERI Y'S MASTODON MINSTRELS. with
GEORGE (Waltz Me Apaln) WILSON, and the
Elrc^t Bunch Ever. Usual Popular Prices—
75c. T*c 25c
Firrt production In thl« city.
Written and Ompcd by Star.re & Edwards.
BIO DOUBLE COMPANY!
POWERFUL CHORUS!
MANY OLD FAVORITES and NEW FACES!
Vivfningt at S. Matinee Saturday at 2. •>
POPULAR PRICES 23c and OOc
Telephone Burh t.
"A JOLLY MUSKETEER"
TITE FAFSAP5ENFT1A5WA IS ALL RIGHT!!
ANOTHER CROWDED KOTJSE LAST
NIGHT.
And The Opinion of All I*:
THE GREATTPT SUCCESS EVER KNOWN
For Superb Comic Opera,
HOYT-S— FINE AND DANDY
AIF ELLINGHOUEE Prop, and Manager
PHONE SOUTH HO
Breaking All Past Records!
"A STRANGER IS NEW YORK."
Headed by the McCOY SISTERS and SAM
MARION.
And a Company of Comedians That Are Funny.
Wltti Girls That Are Pretty and Who
Can Dance and Fins.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Evening— 15c. 25c, 33c, 60c and 75c. Matinee—
lSc. 26c. 2Sc and 50c.
Next Sunday Afternoon— HERRMANN, the-
Great, accompanied by the Musical Wonders,
the 6-NOSSES-S. NEVER BEFORE AT OUR
POPULAR PRICES.
CHUTES AND Z00. B S7£XST"
IN POPES PLASTIQUE.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW I
CANNON, THE FAT MAN,
Telephone for seats — Park 23.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS
and a FAT LADIES' TUG-OF-WAR,
TANFORAN PARK.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY .CLUB,
Initial meeting Monday, Nov. 19, to Saturday,
Dec. 1, inclusive. Six or more races each week
day. £1* ctake events, one hurdle race and
two steeplechases first two weeks. First rac«
of the day at 2:10 p. m. Trains leave Third
and Townsend streets for Tanforan Park at 7,
10:40. 11:30 ». m.. 1, 1:20 and 2 p. m.. followed
after the laat race, at intervals of a few mln-
utee, by eweral Bpecial*. Rear cars reserved
for ladies and their escorts. Admission to th«
couree, including railroad fare, Ji.25.
D. LYNCH PRINGLE. Secretary.
RALPH H. TOZKR. Racing Secretary.
GRAND BENEFIT BAZAAR
la aid of pavment ,of debt of the CHURCH
OF THE ADVENT, at GOLDEN GATE HALL.
€26 6utter «t.. THURSDAY and FRIDAY AFT-
ERNOONS and EVENINGS. Nov. 22 and 23.
Admission 23c.
visi? OR- JORDAN'S great,
HUSEUM OF ANATOMY
£& i;n hat.kit sr.ut. eatrai. s.r.cai.
Of The Ltreest Anatomical Museum in the
V.'ertd. We&knettat cr any contracted
Xgp3 diiraie prtlttwrly curexl by the oldest
I SJS V-41 tptasiin i* tl*. Uu. EiLjiyoart.
filSefft OS. J0HaAM-P8!V ATE DISEASES
?{^!«5h Ccr«-jtt3tion Irr*! Ind ttrirtly private
1 t I?« S Trtinner.t penonally or bjr letter. A
jl Or Ci S /«Mto« Curcin every cMeunaertakeo.
»( i\lk Write for Book. PBil.OhUrilVrl
¦ M T KABBIAOE, MAILED FK5B. (A
jl valuable book fat mral
DU. JOBDAJT A CO., 10M Market St., 6. F.
§>1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEV
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over flfty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Cburch and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Loeses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headarhe, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loe« of Semen, tmm Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *"^ ff 3 rvcus T wl tchinr
of Eyelids. Effects J?«.J^r«a r e immediate.
Irr.part vigor and *-» c « * s c>oteney to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restores email, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
bcx- 6 for S2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to
<ure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 10 Ellis
ft. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
*S "and 40 Third st.
TO-MORROW IS THE BIG DAY! j
iTHURSDAY, NOV. 22'
BECOSOJ ANNUAL. BENEFIT in Aid cf I
CHARITY FUND
OF THE
ASSOCIATED
THEATRICAL
MANAGERS
AT THE ORPHEUM.
Attractions Frcra EVERT* THEATER!
coNTixrors performance:
MOROCCO'S— Walter Damrosch, David Hirp-
hara Rosa Olitrka and othfr artists from the
Maurice Grau Grand Opera Company.
COLUMBIA — Frank Daniels and leading
irer.t+Tr of bit company.
TI V'I.,1 — Hrijrht bits' from "Th«* Jo!!y Mu»-
liPli^r" ar.d Collamarint. Russo and Canellano.
CAUFiJKMA-The Boyml Marine Band of
Italy.
ALHAVR?./- MKVv Sirter* a r<5 Sam Mar- i
Ion from Hoyt's "A Stranger In New Tork."
ORPHEITM— The principal stars of th* bill.
Al^CAZAR — Act from "The Ra.!lro»d of
Love."'
CHUTE?— An acrobatic novelty.
OLTMP1A— An up-to-date vaudeville feature.
THICKS <for Reserved Scats)— Entire Ground
F"!oor. Jnciudir.sr Box S^ata. fl: Balcony $1.
Seats now on sale at the Orr>heum.
T>OORS OPEN' AT NOON.
PERFORMANCE AT ONE SHARP.
LAST FIA'E NIGHTS!
MATINEE FATI-RDAV.
FRANK DANIELS
And Hi* Splendid Company. In
VICTOR HERBERT? LATEST SUCCESS
"THE AMEER."
NEXT MONDAY EVENING
FPANK I, rnru.EV Will Present
...ALICE NIELSEN...
Anfl THE At.icr: NIELSEN OPERA CO. In
"THH SINGING GIRL."
By VICTOR HERBERT. HARRY B. SMITH
«n* FTANTSLAfF STANGE.
SEATS ON SALE TO-MORROW.
AMUSEMENTS.
foaosco's cem opera-house.
MAURICF. GRAU OPERA CO.
TO-XIGUT. •TAN'NHAVSER" — Gadski.
Olitzka £n<3 FuMa Ftror.F: Van Pyck. mass.
Bar.*. Hubbr-net, Muhlmann and David
13isrh»m.
Onductor Mr. Walter Damr»»u>b
To-morrow night, "ROMEO KT JULIETTE"
— Melba, Briflewell, Bauermeister: Ed. de
Keszke, Plancon. Bars, J=izes, Gllibert and
Paler*.
Conductor Sic Mancinelll
FMday. "GLT CGONITTI" (The Huiruenots)
— Ncrtiica. O'.itrka, Ba.u«-tr.eUter. Van Cauteron
end Suzanne Adams; Dippel. Plancon, Seoul.
Ears and Ed. de Heprke.
Conductor \ M. Flon
B*tnrd»y matinee. "LOHENGRIN"*— Gafifkl
end Frhumnnr-Heink; Van DycJt, B'.epham,
Dufrlrhe end Blasa.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch
Saturday "FAT'ST"— Melba, Bauer-
m^lpter find Homer: Raleza, Campanarl,
V'.vlarJ awl Ed. de Reszke.
r.nnuctnr Plg.Mancinelll
SUNDAY EVESINO-54 GRAND POPULAR NIGHT.
OrcheytrB. S3; rtr«»ps circle, J2 50; family cir-
cle. J2; paN<*r>\ fl: pcneral admission Jl.
VT OrERA FOR SCNDAY WILL BE AN-
NOtTCCED TO-MORROW.
•
rvrs>CT u/egk.
FIRST AN"D ONLY PRESENTATION IX SAN
FRANCISCO OF
DER RINQ DES NIBELUNGEN,
Py Richard Wacner
MONDAY EVENING. NOV. 26th. at S:S?.
First Performance cf the Cycle,
PAS RHEIXGOLD
TUESDAY E\ EXIXG. Nov. zrth. at 7:«.
Second Performance nf the Cycle.
DIE WALKUEP.E.
TVEPNCFDAY EVEXIXO, Nov. 2*th, at 7:18,
Third Performance 'of the Cycle,
F1EOFRIED.
THCP.EDAT EVEXIXO. Nov. t3th. at 8:15
By R<KHj«>«tt.
LA BOHEME.
FP.TPAT EVENING. Nov. 3CtB. at 7:50.
W Flr.al Performance of the Cycle,
•*¦ GOTTERDAEMMERUXG.
t7 PAT.E OP SEATS for the four perform -
BSeea ¦•ill CLOSE THIS EVENING.
Sale of Feat» for single performance* of the
cycle and other performances of the th'.rd and
la?» week wiil commence
TA-MORROW MORNING at > O'CLOCK.
Prio-s, J2 to ST. Branch Ticket Office. Krr-
"WEBER PIANO VEEP.
MATIXEE TO-DAT rVTED). NOV JL
7^r, any soar; BaJoorry. lAr ; Children,
lOfivany part, except iwmtd.
A NEW COMPANY OF UP-TO-
DATB VAUDF.VILLE STARS.
TVTAY WELDON, STELLING AND
REVEIXE, CONDITT AND
MOEEY. BROTHERS MARTINE,
I0NE MACLOUTH,
AVNA BOYP Jin. and MRS. PAN HIATT.
lk)I*AN AND LENHAEE, "W. J.
HYNES.
PATTOSIEN'S.
SMOKELESS
OIL HEATER
FOR THAT COLD ROOM.
n C4 An °nly think
R 9"*"" of It De-
jjCW livered anywhere in
_^|J3&. California on approval.
f0 bP rrtuino.l al our ex-
W~t r.ftWrE^ penve if not entirely sa.1-
S5I li^JSi) isfactory. The equal of
IT t~8Sg3 '" v Heater th.it rs-
:v3..-iT.ff'«-: tails for double the
S2v& ' : v I money. Description:
$•»$* i^M No. 872— Fount, flajige.
removable top. window
frame ard number
plate nre nickel plated.
Cylinder bases are On-
l5hed in black Japan.
KusFla iron cylinder
ttips hack to remote
fount and llpht. Height,
rs inches. .Spread of
base. 14 inches. Weight,
cfateii. 16 pounds.
Other Heaters for ?S, ?6,
WRITE FOR CATA-
PRICC $4.00. LOGUE.
PATTOSIEN'S,
Sixteenth and Mis»io-t Stre;t3.
AMUSEMENTS.
FISCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE,
rj dUnr.lt D Admission 10;.
O'.ive Vail a«fl Frank Tully: Irene Franklyn:
Ouhaina. the Jap: Harry H. Walton: Helen
Etuart and Claire Fex.
RESERVED SEATS 25c MATIICEE eiTNDAY.
/Theatre *O
Tor Fuiwrb Comic Op*ra.
Altogether, a decidedly perform-
&rir* and all for the ridiculous mm of fifty
cnts — a p^rfnrmajjo*" letter than many you
v.iil 6*-e ln«^.>w York for two dollars.
I* Du POXT SYLB. •'Call."
AuBUstln Daly's Charming Comedy,
THE RAILROAD
OF LOVL.
MATINEES EATT*RDAY AN'D FTTNDAT.
T^ Next— SEVEN TWENTY EIGHT.
••MJra Valle," P. Klein,' Bauterne type, claret.
Grand ". Vln. ; Depot 612 Geary i street: r
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY ANb WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD ts.
CO. European plan. Rooms. iOc to il 50 day;
$S to 18 week; fS to $*) month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire crates In trery
room; elevator runs all night.
¦LCVBaH
KOHLER & CHASE,
BOTTLE CURES
MCBURNEY'S
rviuncy cure
A thorough cure for
pains in the bsck,
BRIGHTS DISEASE,
female troubles, ineon-
iluence of urine, brick dnst deposits, bod-
wetting of children, gravel, gall stones,
dropjy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
DAHLBEXDER DRUG tX>.. 214 Kearny 8t..
-t— AND AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. 1128 Market 6t-
Send 2."c in 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
«1« S. Hprlne st.. Lob Anpeles, Cal., for S
days' troatmpnt. Prepaid $1 50. Druggists.
I STARE THE DOCTOR IN THE FACE, I
Built from an ABSOLUTELY WATERPROOF LEATHER
Into PBRFBCT WINTER FOOTWEAR. PREVENT C0LD8
AND C0UGH6. Made t>y Buckingham & Hecht, with
CORK SOLES, at $5.OO the pair tor men, and they
contain NO INJURIOUS LININGS (auota as bll«d stlk o*
rubber). .
Mall Order* Fllled-Addr*** Department O.Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82^4,
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight •— • 7J4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50J4 @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO. Nov. 20.— Wheat showed some in
dications of weakness around th* opening.
Liverpool was weak and lower and this fact,'
though expected after yesterday's decline here,
caused enough selling pressure on a market
almost bare of buyers, to send prloes down
slightly. Shortly after the opening the little
buying flurry sent the price upward in a hurry
December opened a shade lower at 70HQ7oT t o
and advanced to 7OH©7O%c on this demand the
market for a short time having an oversold ap
pearance. The fact that primary receipts were
rather small had some Influence In this buying
A period of depression followed, during which
a new season's low record was made, Decem
ber declining to 70c. Bradstreet's report on the
visible showing an Increase of 1,800.000 bushels
started the liquidation and the weak spot was
taken advantage of by professional bears to
force out stop orders. But the reaction came
quickly after 70c had been reached. A local
demand, which grew quite heavy as the session
drew to a doee, absorbed all wheat offered and
from 70c the market ro«e steadily to 71%c
The close was firm at 70Ii©71c.
Corn wjs irregular, active at times, but with
many dun periods. The weather continued un
favorable and the market opened strong and
higher, chiefly on this account. Later In the
session offerings became more liberal and a
part of the advance was lost. November closed
at 41*4c an advance of %c. It sold for a time
at 421.6C
Oats were dull and trading. without feature.
Provisions were weak early and strong late
in the session. Heavy hog . receipts caused
some shading of prices at the start, but later
TUESDAY. Nov. 20—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BM.Ask. I BId.Ask.
4s quar coup..mHH6v; , 8 do cp (new) . 137 13 - t y t
4s do reg ;U3Wl6t4 4s do coup 109>4U0
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.l03*i — Oak Water 5s..lO474 —
S 8^"^- 081 * 5s -- llsa * — Oceanic SS 5s.ll0% —
C C Water 5s.. 107% - OmCRy 6s.. .123 123
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
The Odd Fellows' Savings Bank, which was
Incorporated In 1S68 and went into liquidation
In IS, 9. has declared a dividend in liquidation
°» FJ 4^ 8? Tlic thU9 P ald t° da '«- The
dividend is payable Immediately.
The Alaska United Mining Company reports
the running of 230 (lamps for the past month,
crushing 2... 406 tons ore, yielding $34,147. and 53*
tens sulphurets of a value of $14 630- the total
p i°^ U no d . ?52 - 9S *. an< l showing an average
$33 543 tO " ° f Ore " The "P* 119 * 9 w ««
The last monthly report of the Alaska Mex
ican mine shows that 120 stamps In 3OW "davs
crushed 15.03S tons ore. yielding $21,909 and
2" tons sulphurets. valued at $6«10; the total
bullion produced being $30,730. the ore avera*-
j nK 893 ° 5 Per t?n and tht worklnK "IX'nse being
In the afternoon Spring Valley Water sold
down to $33 23. and Contra Costa Water up to
$71 cO.
There was a fair business In the oil stocks
and prices were steady as & rule. '
Local stocks and bonds w*re dull on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, and
prices showed no particular change.
Chicago Grain Market.
San Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled weath
er 'Wednesday, with fhowpm; brisk noutherly
minds. ALEXANIJKH G. McADIE.
Forecaet Official.
Northern California— Unsettled weaiher Wed
r.'-fi.Jay, with fhowrrs alone the co&st and In
the valleyp; sr.ow in the foothills ar.d moun
t«.!n*; co:.t!nueJ cold weather; br'.sk southwest
w!nc>.
Southern California — Showers Wednesday
fcr"Fk southerly win«ls.
Nevada— Snow Wedn':RiJay.
Utah— Sn^w Wednesday.
Arizona— Snow in northern portion, rain la
eouihem portion VTcdHMdajr.
In th» great valleys of California the tem
r*Tatures are from 7 to 24 degrees below the
normal.
hnow Is reported at many points, and rain
Js failing along the entire coa«t of California.
Reports are mlsrln* from stations In Nevada
*r.o I'teJi, probtbly due to i>now. .
forecast made nt Pan Francisco for thirty
bnant, ending ml<jn!rht. November 21. 1900:
Col 4 weather continues over the entire coun
try west of the Bocfcy Mountains, except in
6< uthem California and Southern Arizona.
The storm continue over the Paclflo Coast.
T)ur!r.g the past 14 hours the temperature has
fp.Ilen 2-10 of an lr.ch in the vicinity of San
FVanc'.sco. Over Arizona, Nevada and prob
tlly ITtcih th«re has been a quick rise.
FORECAST
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
t4: minimum, 46: n-.ean, 10.
V.'EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
There was a fairly active sale movement
noted for evaporated apples, with the market
ruling flrm at unchanged prices, but desirable
grades were held higher. State, common, was
quoted from 4©5c; prime, 4?i@5^ic; choice, BU
©6c, and fancy, 6V4C.
California dried fruits were dull but steady
at unchanged prices. Prunes were quoted from,
8%c to 8H0 per pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@I4c; Moorpark. 15® 16c;
peaches, peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
29.137 barrels; exports. 28.304 barrels; market
steadier and a shade more active at old price.
WHEAT-Recelpts, 66,600 bushels; exports.
78.814 bushels. Spot market steady; No. 1
Red, 7St;c t. o. b. afloat; No. 2 Red, 76%o ele
vator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, S3Hc f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Hard Duluth, 85c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady In line with cables, but
later developed strength on a better class of
speculative buying, coupled with small re
ceipts, export rumors and active local cover-
Ing, closed flrm at %@Hc net advance. March,
79!i@S0%c. closed 80y*c; May, 73%<iJS0 3-16c,
closed 80c; November closed 76?ic: December,
76%@77 9-16C. closed 77Kc
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm, California 21 to 25 pounds, 19c.
WOOL— Barely steady; domestic fleece. 24
@2«c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet but flrm; refined, steady
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 7%c;
Mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%@13Vic. Futures
closed quiet, prices unchanged to ten points
lower. Total rales, 28,750 bags, lnoludlng: De
cember, $6 60® 6 65; March. $6 655i6 70: May.
$6 75@6 80: July, $6 E5; August, |S 90<56 95; Sep
tember. {6 90®6 95.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7773 packages; easier;
creamery. 19S26c; June creamery, lS@24%c; fac
tory. 12@16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 14,448 packages. ¦ Barely
steady: Western regular packing at mark, 21
©24c: Western, loss off, 27c.
New York Grain and Produce.
Crown Point... 03 lOtStandard IB —
Exchequer — 02'jlyndlcate ...... 07 —
3ould & Curry.l 00 1 OSX'nlon Con IS 14
Hale & Nor.... 23 25|(Jtah «T M
Julia 01 03lrellow Jacket., tl U
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
Board—
10O Burlington 13
400 Caribou „ _ 42
100 Caribou 43
10O Four Oil Co 41
5 Hanford 120 CO
300 McKittrlck Consolidated gr»
2SC0 Petroleum Center 11
300 San Joaquln Oil and Development... 9 IS
200 San Joaquin OH and Development... 9 374
100 West Shore 3 50
Street—
3fiOO Petroleum Center 11
M San Joaquln Oil and Development... 9 J7»f
ICO Twenty-Eight 2 Z*
200 Caribou 43
Afternoon Session,
Board-
SCO Cala-Standard 31
10 Kern River IS 2T>
12S5 McKittrlck Consolidated 65
100 McKittrlck Consolidated 70 n
1W Monarch of Arizona 42 J
1C0 Monarcvh of Arizona 41
8100 Petroleum Center 11
300 Petroleum Center 1>
130 San Joaquln Oil and Development... 9 17%*
SCO Shamrock - 1 ""'
2v0 Twenty-Eight * **
MINING STOCKS.
The following were th« sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchanga Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher is | 1C0 Occidental C8
1C0 Caledonia 41 200 Ophir T»
lOOChollar II 1 60 Savags ......... 15
300 Con Cal Sz Va..l J-> 10O Sierra Nevada. 33
100 Mexican 23 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Afternoon Session.
100 Mexican »4| 500 Sava«9 15
200 Overman •>$[ 200 Silver Hill .... 44
100 Potosi 1*'
Tho following were tho sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morninr Session.
1500 Alpha Con 02 13C0 Gould 4Curry.l 10
40O Belcher 19 400 Ophir 80
300 Best & Belcher 21 400 Ophir ,... 73
200 Best & Belcher 20 400 Potosl 13
200 Challenge Con. 23 ICO Savase U
400 Con Cal & Va..l V, WO Silver Hill t>
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher IS ilOCO Potosl M
500 Con Cal * Va..l 25! 500 Potosl 13
•00 Gculd & Curry. 1 00: 200 Silver 1*111 33
CLOSING QUOTATION.
TI'ESDAT. Nov. 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ¦ Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 04 rustic* 02 C4
Alta 01 m Kentuck 02 04
Andes C4 On Lady Wast)..... — A3
Belcher 18 19 Mexican «. 25 2S
Best & Belcher 20 22 Occidental 05 0«
Bullion 03 05 Dphlr 79 81
Caledonia 39 40 Overman 07 M
Chollar 11 13[Potosl H 2*>
Challenge Con. 23 :4{5avage 15 H
Confidence so «>, Scorpion — 0*
Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 ZVSeg Belcher 04 «^
Con Imperial... — Oli^lerra Nevada. 34 flP
Con. New York. 01 — Silver Hill 41 4J
Eureka Con — ISSt Louis 10 —
Ed L A P 63... 130*4 — [Pae O Imp 4s.. 102 —
F * Cl Ry 6s.. — — iP & Cl Ry 6s.. 104 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P & O R R 6». 1154 —
H C & S 64s... — — 'Powell-st R «a — —
Do 5s 10OT4 — Sac E GAR 5s. 99^ _
L A R Es 109 110 S F & SJV iS.HS4 —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 !3 R of Cal «a.. — 113
Do gntd 6a.. — — 18 P of A 6»....1UU — \
L A gntd 5s.. .100 1C2 '3 P ofC6a(I906) A
LAPRR os.IOIH — (Series A).... 109^ —
Markett-st «s...l2S*i — DoiSeries B)lWi —
Do let M Ss.120 — Do (13W) 112 —
N C N G R 7s. — lit Do (1912) 120 —
N R of. Cai 6s.U4»i — S P R 1st g Ss.105 10«
Do OS HJ 119 %'S P R5s 131% —
XPCRR 6s.l01 — IS V Water 6s.ll3\115
Do 5s 108 — Do 4s 1C2 lOJ^,
N Cal Ry 6s.. .113 — t Do 3d mtge..l(V2»i —
Oak G L & H.llOt; — Stktn Gas «s..lQ0 —
Oai Tran 6s...USSi — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 71H "2 Eprlngr Valley. W 93%
Marln County. 51H —
OAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent LAP Co 4 — Pac L Co — 4V,
Eqult G L Co. 3-S 34 Sac E Gin Co — 3;'-,
Mutual El Co.. — i\ S F G & E.... 49?fc 5M*
0 O L & H.... 4*% SO San Francisco. — 6
Pac Gas Imp.. 51 &2 , Stktn GAE Co— 14
INSURANCE STOCK3.
Flrem'a Fund.227H — 1
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. «9 .— Tlrst National: 20« S00
Bank of Cat... — — Lon P & A 133U —
Cal S I> A T..I04%106*4 Merchants' Ex IS IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
G«r S & L — 1300 Sav & L So... — n
Hum 3 & L... — — Sec Sav Bit.... — —
Mut Sav Bit... M — Union T Co.... — —
B F Sav Vn...515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 124 — iO S L A H.... S3 46H
Geaxy-st — 47ft Presidio — 22
Market-st 63% — '
POWDER STOCKa
California — IB) ¦Vigorit «i 514
Giant Con Oa.. 83 83*i ~
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 7% 8H Kilauea S Co.. 20-% «t;
Haw C & S Co 844 — Makaweli S Co 41U 42^
Honokaa S Co. 3G3£ 31 Onomea S Co n 29 1 .
Hutch S P Co. 25Mi 28 IPaauhau S Co. SI 3nJ
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack A*n.. 121% 124^ Pac A F 8.... r» —
Cal Fruit Asn. — 105 Pac C Bor Ca — 153 *1
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co.. 12U — -4
Oceanic S Co.. 9S — "
Morning Session.
Board —
50 liana Plantation Co g 1*11
100 Hana Plantation Co • no
50 Honokaa S. Co * j? ™
IPO Hutchinson S. P. Co.. b 3 "" 23 7S
I1P00 Northern Cal. Ry. Ss 113 ijj
J10OO Northern Ry of Cal, Ss ""lift v>
50 Oceanic S. S. Co .' " 9S J,
$1000 Sacramento ETec. Gas and Ry. 5s. io> 00
40 S. F. Gas and Electric Co « %jt^
fMOO Spring Valley. 4s (2d mortgage).. .102 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
Sai,C<"0 Spring Valley, 4s (3d mortgage).. 102 50
SO Contra Costa Water 71 50
20 Hana Plantation Co 3 co
60 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar. S3 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar " *u tj
J400O Oceanic S. S. Bonds m 00
Ha S. F. Gas and Electric Co [ 41 s;u
85 S. F. Oaa and Electric Co 30 00
10 Spring Valley Water 13 25
Street—
120,000 Spring Valley. 4s. (3d mortgage).. 10; 30
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£»-te, as compared with those of the same date
li.fi season, and rainfalls in the last 24 hours:
Ean Francisco. Cal.. Nov. 20. 1900-5 p. m
n:?th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Southern California — <71ear, warm weather
continued during the first of the week and was
followed l»y heavy rainfall at the close. T,he
precipitation was general and wa5 unusually
UlU in some localities, about two Inches hav
ln«r fallen in Los Angeles and vicinity, and
6.'J> inches In portions nt the mountain region
eround fan rMeso; at Ssnta Maria 1.35 Inches
le!I during Friday and .Saturday. The water
raprly has matorially Increased, and citrus
fruit trees have been benefited. The soil Is now
in ir«od condition, and farmers will berin
flowing and tending. No material damage has
fceen done by the storm, though orange plck
1np has been retarded. Walnut harvest Is coni
pteted.
Bsin Joaquln Valley— Remarkably heavy rain
followed the fair vreather prevailing at the
tep'.nr.Ing of the week, the precipitation at
Krefno and other points amounting to over
three inches. All r*rts of the valley have re
rf'Aed p?nerouE rainfall, and It appears that
the prrat wheat districts have been especially
favored. In factions where farming- operations
have t.-^on retarded by unfavorable conditions
the work of plowing and seeding will be im
mediately resumed with greater vigor, and the
acreage town to jrraln will undoubtedly sur
pass that of many previous seasons. Early
rown grain ar.d pasturaR? have been greatly
benefited. Alfalfa is making heavy growth.
Orange picking has been retarded by the rain.
t>ut no damage hi.s l.er»n done. Orchardist*
liave commenced pruning.
Coast and bay sections— Warm, cloudy
veather prevailed during the first part of the
vrek, followed by lower temperature and heavy
rain. The precipitation has been general
thrrmghout the section, axid will prove of great
benefit to mJl agricultural Interests, particular
ly in the southern and central counties, where
the absence of moisture In the soil was caus
ing some apprehension of drought. Farmers
in that section will now be able to rush the
delayed work cf plowing and seeding, and It
is expected a large acreage of grain will be
f.wn. Pasturage will also become plentiful.
The rain was not seriously needpd In the north
ern counties, but will be beneficial. In some
factions It Is said the eoll is too wet for plow-
Ing-. Hay and early cown grain are mailng
foi'd growth.
Sacramento Valley— Th» weather has been
generally warm and cloudy during- the w«^k.
»-lth somewhat lower tem;*rai.ure at the close.
The rain was ne*>ded in some sections, as the
fU was becoming too dry for profitable culti
vation, and has been beneficial in all sections,
l^r'.y sown grain Is making good growth.
Itanpe fe»-d Is In better condition than usual
st this time, being' very rich and abundant.
Cattle, sheep and hogs are In prime condition.
Good crops of corn, potatoes, beans and pump
klr.s are being pathere'd. Plowing and seeding
continue. The orar.ee crop is larger than usual
In porr.e sections, and the quality Is excellent;
X-lcking and shipping are In progress. A large
«:rop of olives Is being gathered.
Fo:!<v»r!r.g !« the report cf A. O. McAdle, sec
tion director of the climate and crop service
of the Weather Bureau, for the w<»elc ending
Monday:
The Weather and Crops.
"In nuts. Imported walnuts attraot most ln
ttre«t. French walnuts are strong and becom
ing closely cleaned U{>. O!en.>bl« Mayetes are
Crm at lie. I~ilt»erts are silgrhtly easier."
"Evaporated arrle? continue very firm, with
¦ probability of a reaction after to-day, which
Is th«» lart for tirst half of November deliver
ies. To-day's developments, however, are like
ly to b» lnterestir.gr, as there is a considerable
ehort Interest still to co\er.
"Prunes are In better demand, and the
terii«ncy teeir.s toward a better market.
tizea inoet wanted by the trade are 4O-5Ps.
DC'-60s and 60-7>"'s. Goods at lower than associa
tion prices both to arrive and on the 6pot are
harder to pet. Most offerings of Sonomas, to
arrive, at cut prices have disappeared. Some
each roods ar.d j-lso sent Santa Claras, how
ever, can still be bouKht at 'tc under the asso
ciation figures for lh*> four sizes. Apricots are
Cm and In fair demand. Peaches and pears
are Quiet- Dates shew fair activity. Some
busings Is reported In Smyrna figs at e'-^^sv^c.
but <5eir.and is light, the trafl» being well
Ftock^d up with OaJlforcia goods, and the
cheap prices reaiizfd at tbe fig sales tending
to r-^;rtet busings in the market generally.
"A ccnEiderably better feeling Is evident in
currants, and it Is not unlikely that there may
be an advajiee very eoon. There Is an Improve
ment in Inquiry, ar..i leading holders are not
disposed to shade prices. The California raisin
ir.arket continues very eary — "sick"— hotter ex
tiresses it. Rejections of carload lots from the
\V«?st. b"th because of poor quality and in some
cas«-£ tardy arrival of e«ods. have contributed
cateria^ly to the existing discouraging state of
eflairs. Demand :or raisins lrom the consum
ing trade Is slow.
Mail advices from New York eay:
Dried Fruit in New York.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
6 i la ,^ a o , Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid
€6.900 Atchison 3^
&0.000 Atchlson prefd J3S,
37,500 Baltimore & Ohio S34
Canadian Pacific $714
100 Canada Southern J6U
8.000 Chesapeake & Ohio 34
3.&00 Chicago Great Western 14^
16,000 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 137*.
COO Chicago Ind & Louisville 23
400 Chicago Ind &, Louisville prefd 57
TOO Chicago & Eastern Illinois f>S%
600 Chicago & Northwestern 167
6,000 Chicago Rock Irland & Pacific 114*4
S00 C C C & St Louis 66^
1.500 Colorado Southern 7
2,400 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4314
400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 1S4
200 Delaware & Hudson ui^
I>plaware Lackawanna & Western.. 1S2
6.000 Denver & IUo Grande 23 ! «
15,300 t»enver & Rio Grande prefd 77*.
300 Erie 14
4,«.O Erie lFt prefd <ov 4
2.&00 Great Northern prefd.. isiv.
200 Hocking Coal 17
400 Hocking Valley 391*
1.C60 Illinois Central "l24V?
400 Iowa Central " 'O'i
200 Iowa Central prefd 47
200 Lake Erie & Western 37«
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd 107H
Lake Shore 210>4
E.?40 Louisville & Nashville fc2
23.100 Manhattan L mv
15,700 Metropolitan Street Railway 175'
1,00*) Mexican Central 1314
400 Minn & St Louis 65*i
600 Minn & St Louis prefd 102
43,600 Missouri Pacific 60T4
100 Mobile & Ohio 40
1.000 Missouri Kansas & Texas HT4
4,700 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 88
1,200 New Jersey Central 144
13.100 New York Central 1335;
22.£00 Norfolk & Western 43^4
100 Norfolk & Western prefd SI
201, £00 Northern Pacific 72U
75,600 Northern Pacific prefd th\i
3.C00 Ontario & Western 2J84
Oregon Railway Si Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
17,600 Pennsylvania 143%
2.2C0 Reading 19a;
26.D0O Reading 1st prefd 6314
2,100 Reading 2d prefd 31
200 Rio Grande Western 66
6,100 Rio Grande Western prefd 99U.
600 St Louis & San Fran 16>i
3,200 St Louis Sc San Fran 1st prefd 73
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 45
2.S00 St Louis Southwestern 14%
14,600 St Louis Southwestern prefd 35H
14,100 Ft Paul 11474
100 St Paul prefd 175
St Paul & Omaha U0
2S.500 Southern Pacific 42
4,300 Southern Railway 14V4
10.100 Southern Railway prefd 63 1 ,*
1.600 Texas & Pacific 19»4
6S.700 Union Pacific 72
13.700 Union Pacific prefd... 82H
600 Wabash 8
4.C00 Wabash prefd 21%
2.GC0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10*4
2,900 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 30%
JCO Wisconsin Central 12%
Third Avenue Ill
Express Companies —
100 Adams 140
American 164
United States 4*
... Wells-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
1.S00 American Cotton Oil 51%
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
ICO American Malting S
American Malting prefd 23
12,700 American Smrlting and Refining.. G2*i
1.400 American Fmeltlng and Refg prefd 96%
American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd 17
4.W1 American Steel Hoop 31H
20ft American Steel Hoop prefd 77H
43.400 American Slt-+l and Wire 61H
8,300 American Ptcel and Wire prefd 89%
3,600 American Tin Plate 43T4
300 American Tin Plate prefd 87Vi
25.000 American Tobacco ....• lll"4J
American Tobacco prefd 134
4.900 Anaconda Mining Co 51
84. 200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 74%
8,000 Colorado Fuel and Iron.. 63>4
9.&00 Continental Tobacco 37^
2.9M Continental Tobacco prefd 94H
61.800 F«nl«>ral Bteel 11%
2.900 Federal Steel prefd 76H
2.100 ConeraJ Electric 168
200 Glucose Sugar* 56VJ
....... Glucose Sugar prefd 102
1,600 International Paper '. 23%
6<X) International Paper prefd 73
200 Laclede Gas ...........". 93
400 National Biscuit jgu
National Biscuit prefd 92
of an Imposing aggregate of some of the
largelr capitalized Western railroad systems of
which the floating supply In the market is
always much larger than that of the more
flrr.ily established railroad properties In the
earlier settled portions of the country, but the
very fact of the enormous floating supply of
stocks hampers the price movements. To-day's
sales of Northern Pacific foot up according to
the customary approximate calculations, 201,000
shares for the common stock and 75,000 shares
of the preferred stock. & total of 277.400 shares.
The common stock rose an extreme 6Vi and the
preferrei 6S. Various causes doubtless 6erved
to congest the speculation In these stocks.
Thfre was but languid interest In the general
market and the eager army of operators and
speculators who are watching for available
openings failed to find any until the movement
In Northern Pacific developed. The volume and
character of the dealings in the stocks, how
mr, precluded the Idea of a purely specula
tive operation. No authentic news was dis
closed to exiilain the movement, such rumors
as were heard being prompted rather by tl>e
effort to explain by guesswork. It was alleged
that It had been determined to retire the pre
ferred stock at par. as the company has the
right to do under the terms of Its Issue. Tho
favorite theory, however, was that the buying
of Northern Pacific represents a process of
transfusion of Interests between the different
transcontinental railroad lines, or more Im
mocliately the Northern and Northwestern
routes. Such a process ie on the lines of what
has already b«en accomplished on a large scale
In the Eartern trunk line field and Is in ac
cordance with the best accepted theory for a
solution of competitive problems in railroad
ing. That come important development will be
forthcoming Is indubitable by the testimony of
the ta^e. The movement in Northern Pacific
had a dominant effect on the whole market and
pulled it up effectively from the reactionary
interest which had overborne it during the
early part of the day. This was due to the con
tinued neavy profit taking and to very large
selling for London account after a light buy
ing movement for that account in the early
dealings. It Is believed that very large ship
ments of stocks, and especially of Northern
Pccifle, which have been sold for foreign ac
count since the election, are now on the ocean.
This would create a temporary shortage In the
supply available for borrowing purposes and
would add materially to the embarrassment of
a ehort interest. The profit taking continued
to a degree even after the general tendency
had become strongly upward and some of the
prominent stocks practically failed to respond
at all. Th» movement In the iron and steel
stocks was exce<?<ilngly Irregular and a num
ber of other sr>ecialtles which had recent
notable advances hung back to-day. Ae a con
sequence the day's net changes were exceeding
ly uneven and not a few declines were mixed
In with the notable gains. The conspicuously
etrong stocks besides the Northern Paclflcs
were the Union Paclflcs, the Denver and Rio
Grandes and the Baltimore and Ohio. Among
the Industrials and specialties the Steel and
Wire stocks. Federal Steel. Tobaccos, People's
Gas, Sugar and International Paper were con
spicuous. After a sharp reaction on profit
taking the Northern Pacifies rallied, carrying
the whole market with them, and the closing
was buoyant and very 6trong at about the top
level. Profit taking was In evidence In tho
bond market and prices are generally lower
Total bales, par value. S3.S50.000. United
States 3s, coupon, declined %. and the new 4s
H- The old 4s advanced H on tho first call.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 Red Western Winter.
6s UHd; No. 1 Northern Spring, quiet, 6s 3d;
No. 1 California. Bteady, 6s 2*4d. Futures
steady; December, 6s lid; March, 6s %d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, steady, 4s.
Futures, steady; November, 3s ll*4d; December,
2s ll%d; January, 3s l%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, - Nov. 20.— WHEAT— Steady:
No. 1 Standard California, 6s 2d@6s 3d; wheat
in Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet. Weather in England
cloudy.
LONDON, Nov. 20.— Consols. 98 9-16@98 ll-16d.
Silver. 29%d. French rentes. lOOf 63c@100f 67Hc.
Cargoes on passage, easier and neglected; Wal
la Walla, 2Ss 10^d, English country markets,
quiet.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 20.— Wheat, dull, unchanged
Bluestem. 56%c; Club, E3H<5.
OREGON
PORTLAND, Nov. 20.— Wheat Is steadier on
a weak freight market. Walla Walla, 54c;
Bluestem, &7c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Nov. 20.— Clearings, S453.817;
balances, $66,117.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— The opening was
easy, with prices S points lower to 2 points
higher. Heavy pront-takin* soon became gen
eral and boars pounded the near positions.
Abnormal port receipts capped the climax
so far as hesitating holders were concerned
and before the Belling movement ran Its course,
prices were down 10^J17 points. Soon after mid
day the market displayed symptoms of return
ing strength and with the chanpe in feellnff
shorts covered. Liquidation ceased andi the
whele tenor of the market was bullish. The
cloee was Bteady. with prices net 4Q3 points
higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— Tin In the local mar
ket was quiet and rather easier, owing to an
absence of buyers, closing easy at $28 40@23 50.
Spelter was a shade steadier on better cables
than expected, closing steady In tone at $4 30®
4 33. The rest of the list was unchanged. Plg
lron warrants were quiet at JilfjlO. Lake cop
per, dull at $16 75@17; lead, quiet at $4 37Hc.
The brokers' price for lead was (1 and for
copper $17.
Nezu York Metal Market.
SHEEP — Receipts. 14.000; sheep and lambs,
slow to lOo lower; good to choice wethers", S3 90
®4 20; fair to choice, mixed, $3 60®3 95; West
ern sheep, J2 9004 90; Texas sheep, $2 60(53 DO;
native lambs, $4 40@5 25; Western lambs, $4 50
es 10. ¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 40,000; left over. 6000.
Generally 10c lower; top, $4 92V4; mixed and
butchers', $4 55Q"4 9I»4; good to choice, heavy.
$l 7004 92%: rough heavy. $4 65Q'4 65; light, $4 60
@4 92<*: bulk of sales, $4 75JJ4 87H-
CHICAGO. Nov. 20.— Receipts, 7000. Steers,
steady and slow; butchers' stock. Westerns and
Texans, steady; natives, good to prime Eteers,
?5 ao®^ 80: poor to medium, $4 30@5 M : selected
feeders, $3 7Mf4 35; mixed stockers, $2 3J©3 70;
cows, J2 65@4 25; heifers, $2 7B@3 75; canners.
Jl 7532 65; bulls, $2 75®4 40: calves, steady. $4
@5 75. Texas fed steers, J4®4 90; grassers. $3 30
4/4 15: bulls. J2 r,O55 3 30.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Australian scoured basis, spot prices, comb-
Ing, superfine nominal, 73@75c; good, 65S"0c;
average, 62Q67c.
Territory scoured basis, Montana and Wyom
ing, fine medium and fine, 17fi'lSc; scoured, 4S
fe49c: staple, 60tj51c; Utah, fine medium and
fine, 17@l&c; scoured. 474T4Se; staple, 50c; Idaho,
fine medium and fine, 15gl6c; scoured. 37@48c;
staple, tOc.
BOSTON, Nov. 20.— The tone of the wool
market here Is steady, but prices are not so
firm as a week ago, owing, it la claimed to
the ' depressing effect of the W. L. Strong &
Co. failure, and dealers are watching the out
come of affairs in connection with the assign
ment very closely. They express the fear that
the failure may have the effect of banishing
temporarily the prospect of an advance in
prices. Territory wools continue to head the
list of sales and 47Q4Sc Is asked for fine
medium and fine scoured staple, and 50c for
strictly staple. Fleece wools are quiet, but
prices are steady with smaller offerings.
Following are quotations for leading descrip
tions:
Boston Wool Market.
The combined stock of wheat at Portland,
Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., Increased 20,000
bushels last week.
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increased 1,600.000 bushels. Afloat
for and In Europe, Increased 200,000 bushels.
Total supply, Increased 1,800.000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 2.193.000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increased 365,000 bushels.
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— Special cable and
telegTaphlo communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies since last report:
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening B 10% .... 5 11*4
Closing S 11 .... « tt
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 10 21 65
Closing 20 10 21 65
Flour —
Opening 26 00 27 65
Closing 26 00 27 63
Available Grain Supply.
Foreign Futures.
Sterling Exchange a fraction higher. Silver unchanged*
Wheat and wheat Freights dull and nominal.
Barley, Oats and Corn as previously quoted.
Flour and Mittstiuffs show no variation.
Hay slow and weak. Bran and Middlings as before. ;
Beans rule firm under light receipts and a good demand.
Vegetables thinning dozen. Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Poultry and Game zveak and in free supply.
Butter firmer and' Eggs higher. Cheese steady.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes in sufficient supply and quiet.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins and Honey dull.
Hams and Bacon a fraction off. Lard firm.
Wool slozv, with some increase in sales. Hops dull.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Grain Bags firm, owing to the rains.
Coal f t rm under continued small receipts.
Xo change in Oils.
Cordage advanced ic.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 20.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the- general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balances, $137,100,865; gold, $93,234,638.
NTTW YORK, Nov. 20.— Money on call, steady
at 3'.iS5 per cent; last loan, 3%\ Prime mer
cantile paper. 435 per cent. Sterling exchange,
steadier, with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 84% for demand and at $4 81 for sixty
days. Posted rates, $4 82 and $4 85%. Com
mercial bills, $4 80%. Silver certificates, 64V4
®65c. Bar silver, 64c. Mexican dollars, 50%c.
Bonds— Government, irregular; State. Inactive;
railroad, easier.
Condition of the Treasury.
New York Money Market.
CLOSING.
Atchlson, 89; Canadian Pacific, 90%; Union
Pacific prefd. 83%; Northern Pacific prefd.
S3U; Grand Trunk.6%; Anaconda, 10%: Rand
Mines, 40. Bar Silver, quiet at 29%d per ounce.
Money, 303% per cent.
A fairly good business was done in the mar
kets here to-day. The tone of Americans was
comparatively quiet, but In them was a broad
ening market with free Interchange, although
prices wer» little affected. London wanted
Northern Pacific and Union Pacific securities,
the latter on tlie earnings report. The Conti
nent did little. The bank lost £100,000 gold to
Egypt. Call money was in good demand.
NBW YORK. Nov. 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Do prefd 113 [Centennial 20%
Federal Steel 51T4jFranklin 15Vi
Do prefd 76%IHumboldt 25
Fitchnurg prefd. ..138 lOsceola 78
General Electric... 169 jParrot 50%
Do prefd 142 Quincy 160
Ed Electric 111 216 I Santa Fo Copper.. 8%
Mexican Central .. 13% I Tamarack ZS9
Michigan Tel S5 Utah Mining 33",J
N E Gas & Coke.. 15% Wlnona 3?»
Old Dominion 29% Wolverines 46%
Rubber 35
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 08 Ophir 77
Crown Point 07 Plymouth 10
Con Cal and Va.. 1 20 Quicksilver 1 23
Dead wood 66 1 Do prefd 7 00
Gould and Curry.. 1 00! Sierra Nevada .... 83
Halo and Nor 22lStandard 2 90
Homestake 65 00 1 Union Con 14
Iron Silver ., 70 Yellow Jacket 22
Mexican 22 Brunswick 11
Ontario 6 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— t Union Paclflo .... 71%
Call loans 3@4| Union Land 8
Time loans 4@5 West End 92
Stocks — Westlnghouse Elec 519i
A T & S F 38% Bonds-
Do prefd S3% Atchison 4s 100H
American Sugar ..133% N E G & Coke Es 67%
Do prefd 116 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 157 Adventure 6
Boston & Alband 247 Allouez MIn Co... 2%
Boston Elevated. ..156% Atlantic 27
Boston & Maine. ..195 Boston & Mont... .320
C.B&Q 137 Butte & Boston... 80
Dominion Coal 42 Calumet & Hecla..S30
do 6s 118 do 5s .' 119T»
C & N W con 7s. .139 So Pac 4s 83%
do S F deb 5s. ...119 So Railway 5s ....112%
Chi Term 4s • 94 S Rope & T 6s 72%
Colo So 4s S3\i Tex & Pac lsts....H6V4
D & R G 4s 100 Co rds 82
Erie gen 4s 74% Union Pac 4a 106%
Ft W & D C lsts.. 77 Wabash lsts 116%
Gen Elec 5s 143 | do 2ds 104
Iowa Cent lsts. ...117^ West Shore 4s ....113%
L & Nash unl 4s... 9!>fc Wls Cent 1st* 78%
M K & T 2ds 70 Va Cent 81
do 4s 93*4!
do coup 113% Reading gen 4s .... 89%
Dis of Col 3. 65s.... 124% R G W lsts 100
Atchlson gen 4s ..lOHi St L & I M con 6s.ll2Vi
do adj 4s 84% S L & S F gen 6s. 126
Can So 2ds 10S% St Paul cons 1734
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO7k St P C & Pac lsts.HSTi
U S 2s refunding. N Y Cent lsts 109H
reg 104% N J Cent gen C8...126'*
do coup 104% No Pac 2s 71^
do Ss reg 109% do 4s 104%
do coup 109Va N Y C & 6t L 4B..100H
do new 4j reg 137 Norf & W con 4s.. 90%
do coup 137=i Or Nav lsts 109
do old 4s reg 115% do 4s 103%
do coup 116 Or S Line 6s 127%
do 6s reg 112% do con ts 114%
CLOSING BONDS.
300 National Lead 20%
200 National Lead prefd 93
6,400 National Steel 30
National Steel prefd 91
1.600 New York Air Brake 160
24.800 North American 20
500 Pacific Coast 61
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
300 Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 69
1.500 Pacific Mall 45
25,900 People's Gas 100 T i
5,150 Pressed Steel Car 53»i
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 86
600 Pullman Palace Car 1!'6
Standard Rope and Twine 5H
43.600 Sugar 133%
700 Sugar prefd 115
15,100 Tennessee Coal and Iron 77%
10,575 United States Leather 15
600 United States Leather prefd 764
2.9O0 United States Rubber 34%
1.200 United States Rubber prefd 94%
3.000 Western Union 84H
200 Republic Iron and Steel 17Vi
1,200 Republic Iron and Steel prefd 65%
P. C. C. and St. L 56
1.326,000 shares— Total sales.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
the corn strength and - an Improved cash de
| mand caused a good advance, with pork show
ing the most strength. Shorts were good buy
ers. At the close January pork was 12Hc high
er, lard 2HS5c higher and ribs 5t?7'£ higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— „-,
November 70% 70% 70 70?b
December 70% 71% 70 71
January 7114 72 70% 71%
Corn No. 2
November .. 41>A ' 42H 40% *\H
December.... 35% 35»i 35>4 S3 1 *
May ;;;;; S5 £ 3sU 30% 35%
Oats No. 2
November ., 21H 21% 21H 21Ji
December .. "U^ 22 21»i 21 Tb
May I-.., 23;i 24 23%i 24
Mess Pork, per bbl— , „
November... 11 0O 1100 1100 1100
January 11 60 1175 11 CO 1175
May ."¦."1175 1175 11 ~m U "V4
Lard. ;n»r 100 lbs—
November .... 7 15 7 20 7 15 7 20
December ' ' 6 92U 7 0214 6 92V4 "00
January 6 82^ 6 90 6 S2Va 6 90
Mav 6 »0 6 S2'.4 6 &0 6 82%
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs- •„
November . 7 G"^ 7 70 7 62H 7 70
January 6 2;' 6 32V4 6 ?lhi 6 32^4
May 6 25 6 35 6 25 6 35
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull:
No. 3 spring wheat, 6;@75c; No. 2 red. TlOTSKo;
No. 2 corn, 403ic; No. 2 yellow. 41^; No. 2
oats, 22V t @22V lC; So. 2 white. 2^ff2tic: No. 3
while, 34G2Cc': sood fe-dlng barley. 4S®53c: fair
to choice malting. Hit j'.'c; No. 1 flnx seed, $1 60;
No. 1 Northwestern $161; prime timothy seed,
$4 30; mess pork, per bbl. $10 87V4S11: lard, per
100 lbs, $7 20; short-rib sides (loose). $7 25®'7 27;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). W»@6c; short clear
sides (boxed), JO S0@7; whisky, basis of high
wines. $127; sugars, cut loaf. 6.15c; granulated.
5.75c; confectioners' A. 5.C5c; off A. 5.40c: clo
ver, contract grade, $10.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 1S.000 7.000
Wheat, bushels 121.000 108.000
Corn, bushels 331.000 141.000
Oats, bushels 192.COO 87,000
Rye. bushels 6.000
Barley, bushels 114.000 23.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 15@28c; dairies,
12^@22c. Cheese, firm. lOffllVic. E6F». steady;
fresh. 22c.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Provisions.
Bacon and Hams arc easy and prices show a
Dealers continue to quote a dull and nominal
market for all ! descriptions under this head.
The Eastern markets are steady for fruits and
depressed for Raisins.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
40-SOs 7c; D0-60s. 5Vic: 60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs, SUc:
S0-90s| 2«ic; 90- 100s. 2Uc: 100s and over, 2c; ru
bies, %c premium; Sonomas, hie and San Joa
qulns, Vic less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 60
8c for Royals and 101?HV4c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5i@6c; sun-dried, 3%@4%e:
Peaches. 4^2ifi'5c 'for standard, 5@€c for choice
and 7@7%c for fancy: Pears. 2®7c; Plums,
pitted. 5<g6'/4e: unpitted. lS?l%c: Nectarines, 5@
O^ic for red. and 5H@6c for .white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb: choice, lie: standard, 8%c; prime. Sc;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, lO'.^c per lb; choice. 9'/4c; standard. &%c;
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
CO-.lb boxes. 614c: 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
3-crown, 6Hc;" 4-crown. 7c: London Layers. 2
crown. $1 50 per 1k>x; 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters,' $2;' Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. • o. b. at common shipping- , points In
California: V
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6*570 per lb; Walnuts. No.
1 noftshell. lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c;
No. 1 2, - T^c ; Almonds. l2(S'13c for papershell,
9<pllc for softshell; Peanuts. 5®6c for East
ern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
@13c;>Cocoanuts, $3 50^5. '¦ ¦
HONEY— Comb. 13«£©14Hc for bright and 12^4
ffJ13c for llcht amber; water white, extracted.
7»;{iSc; light ember, extracted, 7® r 7%c; dark.
6@6V4c per lb. : - .
BEESWAX— 24326c per lb.
The few Cranberries on the market aro
firmly held at full figures. Strawberries and
Raspberries ) are in limited supply and firm.
There is no change in Apples and Pears.
Supplies of the former, while ample for all
needs, are not excessive, and Pears are not
very plentiful.
The few Grapes coming In sell off quickly
at tho good 1 rices.
Oranges are easy again, as supplies are free
and the cold rain is against the market.
Fancy Lemons are firm, but common stock
Is weak. There Is no change In Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— . .
APPLES — 24@5Oc per box for common and
6Gc@$l for good to choice ;. Spitzenbergs. 60c@
$1; Oregon Spitzenbergs, $1 25.
PEARS— Winter Nells, 65c@$l 25; Cooking
Pears, 25@50c per box.
PERSIMMONS — DOigSoc per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $11(311 50 per
barrel; Coos Bay, $2 2502 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $«(tf 7 per • chest for large
an d for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3@7 per chest.
GRAPES— 75<5'S5c per small box and $1@1 23
CITRUS FRUITS^-Navel Oranges, S150<i!r2 75;
Seedlings, $1@1 75: Tangerines. $1 25@1 50:
Lemons 25cS$l 25 for common and $1 50*3:2 75
for good to choice; Grape Fruit. ?2@3; Mexi
can Limes. $4$?4 50; California Limes. 2o@35c;
Bananas. $1 75@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2Q>
3 50 per dozen. ¦*;¦;*¦;¦;
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter shows signs of doing better, and
uomo dealers 1 are already quoting a small ad
vance. Stocks are considerably reduced, and
there are a few outside orders on the market.
Should the stormy weather continue an ad
vance Is not unlikely.
Cheese shows no change.
Kggs continue to advance. Supplies of both
Eastern and California are getting reduced
and the feeling Is very firm.
BUTTER-
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. 22c: seconds,
20«?21c.
Dairy — Fancy. 20c; good .to choice, 18tfl3c;
common, 17@17*4c.
Creamery tub— 20@22',4c per lb.
Pickled roll-19S21c.
Firkin— 18®l?c.
Storage goods — 21@22c.
CHEESE— New, llU@12c: Old. 10@lle: Toung
America. 12i?fl2Hc; Eastern. 13Vi@14c; Western,
HiflSc per lb.
EGGS— Store, 23@27Hc; ranch, 30@32Hc for
fair and 33®26c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern. 19@27«4c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Game was weaker, owing to heavy receipts of
Ducks from Oregon late Monday afternoon.
Poultry continues quiet, the market being
'well supplied, thought very young stock Is
steady.
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys, 12H®Hc for Gob
blers and 13i@14c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
14gl7c: Geese, per pair. $1 75@2; Goslings.
$175(32; Ducks, $3{W for old and $4®5 for
young; Hens, 53 50@"4 50; Young RooBtera.
*4»4 60; Old Roosters, *3 50®4; Fryers, $3 50@4;
Broilers, $3 50®4 for large and $3 25Q3 50 for
Email; Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $1 50Q
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. ?1 50 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain: Mallard. $3@5; Canvasback. $4@7;
Sprig, $3@4; Teal, $2<S2 50; Widgeon, $1 2S@1 60;
Small Duck. $1@1 25; Gray Geese, 13; White
Geese, $1<£1 25; Brant, $1 50 for small and J2
for large; English Snipe. $150: Jack Snipe, $1;
Hare, $1 25: Rabbits. $1 50 for cottontail and
$1 for brush; Doves, 60c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— $1 25@1 4J per ctl; Pickle Onions, 43
Q'J-.c per sack.
VEGETABLES-Green Peas, 485c per lb;
String Beans. 4S$c; Llmas, 6c per lb;
Cabbage. 90c; Tomatoes, 75cStl 25; Egg Plant.
50275c per box; Green Peppers, 35(350c per box
for Chili and 40®50c for Bell; Dried Peppers.
10®15c; Carrots. 25@S5c per sack; Summer
Squash, per box for Los Angeles; Cucum
bers, 50@75c for Alameda; Garlic, 4ff5c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $7®-10 per ton.
Vegetables continue firm with light receipts,
and the rains will soon finish most of the Bay
descriptions. There is no change In Potatoes
and Onions, which are steady.
Los Angeles Egg Plant brought 8c. per lb.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70-g80c; Burbanks,
25W50C for River and &jc@$1 15 per ctl for
Salinas and C0f?90c for Oregon: Sweets, 40@5Oc
for River and 75@85c for Merced.
Beans maintain the Improvement already
noted, as receipts are light and the demand is
good. Several kinds have again advanced.
There Is uo chance in Seeds and Dried Peas.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65^2 75: Small White, $3 90
©4 05; Large White, $3(ff3 25: Pink, $2«T2 13;
Red $3® 3 25; Blackeye. tt 90@3; Lima. $5 20®
6 25; Pea, ?4®4 25; Red Kidney. $3 75@4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 40; Canary,
3V-C psr lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9@9>4c; Rape, 2V&@Zc: Hemp, 4©4Vic;
Timothy, 4SM^4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2®2 50; Green, $2 25®
2 75 per ctl; Blacfeeye, J202 50.
Potatoes^ Oniotis and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Although the statistical position of Hay Is
very firm, the market continues weak, owing
to the continued rains and ample receipts. AH
feedstuffs stand about the same, with the ex
ception of Mixed Feed, which is slightly higher.
BRAN— J14®15 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50®>19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15 EQ<316 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25®26; Job
bing, $^8 o0; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18: Corn Meal.
J2GW27; Cracked Corn, |26 oOlg^" 50; Mixed Feed,
$16^16 50.
HAT-Volunteer. J5ftS; Wheat. $11@13 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10f*12 50; Oat. $D@11 60;
Clover. $5<Q7; Alfalfa, $6 50<28 50; Barley. $7^
9 oer ton.
STRAW— 35@45c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Quotations under this head have not changed
for some time, owing* to the stationary condi
tion of the raw products.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 601?
3 78, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40«3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 7IS3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 16«3 50 for bakers'; Eastern;
t\ 75<g5 75 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour.' $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 iS;
extra cream So, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 50«3 75: Buckwheat Flour, $4R4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $b®
7 25; In sacks, $5 75®7: Pearl Barley, $6; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 CO per 100 lbs. -
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal 8ea»lon— 9:V> o'clock— No sales.
Second BeMlon-»No mle*.
Ki-iiulur MoiiiUiK Hesiilon— No sales.
Afternoon Heheiloii— No miles.
PATH-'Hw |>rlm'l|>ul demand for the moment
lti for *.>..<l. mvltiK to tlif ruins, aa the demand
for fe.'il In IlKlit. PrlCM huvo not changed for
ft'pine time. Hte*-ka utk moderate and receipts
White, $1 3<Vffl 47V4: BnrpriHO, $1 4^1 55; Red.
$1 i:.i/l 25 for fer<l and $1 2501 37^4 for seed;
Gray, U 28©1 88! Hluck, for feed, $1 12Vi^l 2l>;
for seed. || i'CKd 1 30 per CtL
CORN— The IncuiuliiK of the Cnllfornia crop
tends to ease off the miirket, though quotations
show little chun«e. urrerlngs of all deacrlp
tionn are light. California White In quoted at
$117«,4; Eastern Yellow, $1 22'*: White. $1 20®
LMV4: lia*tern mixed. $120ful22V4 per «••
RYI>-Is quiet und uurhanBed at 90&a2^4c
l*x ctl.'
BUCKWHEAT— Quotrd nt $1 K 1 ®! per ctl.
Second . Session— May— 14.000 ctls. $1 04. De
cember—4000, S7%e.
Regular Morning Session— May— 18,000 ctls.
|1 O4'.4. December— 40CO, 98c.
Afternoon Session— May — 1000 ctls. $1 04H.
UARLUY— There l« a little something do
lrgi l»ut not enough to make a market. The
rain tends to iheck trading. Quotations re
mained undiung«d.
Feed. 75o for choice bright, 72&®73 l Sic for No.
I iind 67l*<&70o for off grades: Brewing and
tihli.plns Kruilea, fcOflSrio; Chevalier, nominal.
Flour, qr sks .... 27.S75 Wool, bales 471
Barley, ctls 3.1S0 Tallow, ctls 203
Wheat, ctls 3.420 Raisins, bxa J 900
Pelts, bdls -315 Pelts, bdl \
Hides. No 843 Brandy, gals .... 6.92i
Chewe. ctls 25 Oats, ctls SCO
Butter, ctls 364 Hay. tons 301
Eggs, doz 11.730 Beans, sks 2.319
Sugar, ctls 300 Potatoes, eks 2,308
Quicksilver, flsks 113 Onions, sks 5SS
Leather, rolls .... 116 Corn, East, ctls.. 1.0/K)
Wlne,*gals 82.3o0l
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2,19s)
FOR TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 20.
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $16tf?17; extra sizes, hlghe*: Red
wood, $17glS for No. 1 and $15916 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. $3 60#4: Pickets. $1S: Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy: Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for eawn; Rustic. $20't?:6.
F.ED AND WHITE LEAD-Red Lead. 7%©
7&c per lb; White Lead, 79??;c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $4?®4S 50 per flask for local
use and J15W46 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes. r*r lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.1Sc; Powdered. 5.75c: Candy Gran
ulated. 6.75c: Dry Granulated, 5.63c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A. 5.25c; Extra C.
5.15c; GoMen C. 5.05c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Us equivalent. Dotnlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.40c: boxes. 6.65c per lb.
TURPENTINE — 66c per gallon In cases and
60c In drums or Iron barrels.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. In bulk. 12c: Pearl OH.
cases. ISc; Astral. lSc; Star. 15c; Extra Star.
22c; Elaine. 23c; Eocene, 20c: Deodorized Stove
Gasoline. In bulk. 14«4c: cases. 20He; Benzine,
bulk. 13'4c; cases. 13Hc: ?6-degree Gasoline,
bulk. 20c: cases. !6c per gallon. \
Oil. barrels, 65c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 37H@4*Hc per gal
lon: Fish Oil. barrels. 33c: canes. 40c.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1.
75c; pure. $1 30; Unseed OH. In barrels, boiled.
7Sc: raw, 76c: cases, 5c more; Lucol. 69c per
gallon for boiled and 87c for raw; Lard Oil.
extia winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases, 75c:
China Nut, ©XS70c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
LEATHER-Sole, heavy. 2S®33c per lb; Sole,
Leather, medium, 26330c: Sole Leather, light.
26£2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc; Rough
Leather, light. 25<52flc: Harness Leather, heavy.
32Q3Sc; Harness Leather, medium. 30@37c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29<@33c; Collar Leather, 13
©16c per foot: Kip, finished, 40<350c per lb;
Veal, finished. 50(BC5c: Calf, finished. 73c@tt 20;
Bides, finished. 16®l?c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. WQlSc; Rough Splits. SSlOc per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $28323 per ton; Stick,
$1S®2O per cord.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13%{J16H for prim*
to fancy washed; 12@13c for strictly good
washed; ll@ll*ie for good washed; 9**SlO*ic
for fair washed; 9'g9V4e for medium: 6 a i';J&\s
for Inferior to ordinary: 12®13Hc for good to
prime washed peaberry; HftllSc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; 104@llo
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
Nicaragua— 13@16c for prime to fancy washed;
10©12%o for fair to strictly good washed: 10
<glG»ic nominal for good to superior unwashed:
llSUVic nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Salvador— H@13c for good to prim* washed:
10@103iC for fair washed: 12B13c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 10%-SHHo for good to
prime semi-washed: 10%4fllc for superior
unwashed; 10'ic for rood green unwashed; 11
4?imo for good to superior unwashed, peaberry;
"(JfS^c for common to ordinary.
COFFE— Costa Rica— 13%«14V4c for prtmo
washed; 12$13c for food washed: 13<i'14c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 12f?13c for good
to prime peaberry: ll*4?3'13o for good to prime;
Wii'd lie for good current mixed with black
beans; SHS'llc for fair; 7fi9c for common to
ordinary.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 3c:
casts, 3Hc; cases, extra large, 4c; cases. Imita
tion. Eastern, tc; Boneless. 4*ic; Norway
Strips. 4>ac: Narrow Gauge. 4%e; Silver King.
6c; Blocks Oriental. 4*ic; Feabright. 5c: Tab
lets, tc; Middles. Golden State, 5Hc; Middles.
White Seal, "c; 5-lb boxes fancy, Boneless. 8Vjc;
Dessicated. per dozen, 73c; Pickled Cod. barrels,
each. t& 50; Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each.
53 75.
CORDAGE— Prices have advanced lc. The
local Cordage company quotes aa follows: Pure
Manila. 12Uc per lb: Sisal sizes and bale rope.
9c; Duplex, 8c. Terms, 60 days or lVa per cent
cash discount.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: SouthHeld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Cooa
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. $12 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 4 j per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras Jn 2V4-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 50; Cherries, $3
for black, $1 85 for white and $2 for Royal
Anne; Grapes, $1 J5: Peaches, $1 65; Pears,
$1 K5; Plums. $1 358*1 40; Quinces, $1 65; Straw
berries, $1 75.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July. 6%c; Wool Bags.
2SH@32ttc; Fleece Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Bags,
6'/4®«%c for white and 8'.4SSftc for bleached
Jute.
General Merchandise.
There Is no further change to report In any
thing. Hogs are steady, with moderate ar
rivals.
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 5@5*4c per lb for
Cows
VEAL— Large. 7%SSc: small. 8%<3*c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7&<8'8c; Ewes. 7©7*4c per
pound. •
LAMB— Sfg9c per lb. ''**£ *-¦
PORK— Live Hogs, 5«ic for small and 5Hc for
medium and SU@&Hc for large; stock Hogs and
feeders/ 5@5&c; dressed Hogs, 7Vi<3SHc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides continue quiet and unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy 1 *, salted
KtffiT, 10c; medium, 3c; light. SVj'jj;*?; Cow
hides, SVi^c; Stags. 6'^c: Raited Kip, 9Vsc;
Salted Veal. 9H<*: Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides.
16c; culls. He; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf.. 16<ftl7c;
culls and brands. 14c: Sheep.«Kins, shearlings,
20<?j3O<> oarh; short Wool. 3O@50n each; medium,
60ig'8r>c: long- Wool, 75c@$l each; Horse Hides,
ealt, |2 HO for large and $2 for medium. $1 50
for small and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small
and 25SJ0C for colts. Deerskin*— Summer or red
ekins. 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c: winter or
thin skins, 17&@2Oc. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c: medium, 3oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4<©4Hc per lb: No.
2. 3V4c; grease, 2i32%c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15©16c; Northern, defective. 12
©He; Middle County, free. 14gl6c: Middle
County, defective. 12@Hc; Southern Mountain.
12 months', 9@10c: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months", ll@12c:- Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9©llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno,
161?17c ; Nevada, 13®16c per lb.
Fall Clip-San Joaquln. 6H@3c; do lambs', 8
©9c; Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free. 10@llc: Southern Mountain. 7H6S&c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 12®13c per lb.
HOPS— llV4@15c per lb.
Wool Is In slow but steady movement.
Local dealers say that the prospects are for
a slowly Increasing demand, but no advance
Is expected for several months.
The situation In Hops remains as before.
The market is dull, as buyers have about filled
their wants for the present.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6^4c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9Vic;
10-lb tins. >%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. %Kc: three
half-barrels. 8Uc; one tierce, 3V»c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
CCRED MEATS— Bacon. lOHSllc per 1b for
heavy, Il%(gi2c for light medium. 12V,c for
light. 13Hc for extra light and HVi®15c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 11 %c;
Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel; extra Mesa. $13;
Family. $13 60- extra Prime Pork. $16; extra
clear. »13 60; Mes3. $13; Smoked Beef. 13c per
lb.
fractional shading. Lard Is firm. In sympathy
with the Western situation. Barreled goods
remain about as before. The demand Is not
very active. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL. MARKETS,
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— It !« not often that a
jnovement In tfce utorlc market attains the vol
ume and tbe price movement of that to-day in
Ihe Noithem Pacific stocis. Occasionally Jn
tite t-aj-.t there have been sales on a single day
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull and nominal
on the spot at 41s 3d, usual options. The char
tered wheat fleet in port has a registered ton
nage of 61.615, against 37.540 tons on the fame
date lant year; disengaged, 12,650 tons, against
36.0; on the way to this port, 119,000 tons,
aeainst 185,120.
WHEAT— The markets all over the world
were dull and featureless. Liverpool was neg
lected. New York advanced %c. Chicago
opened steady, but the market was . narrow,
vlth a slow demand. The scalpers pot off the
tear side, but later on trot back again. Re
ceipts showed an Increase over last year.
¦ ¦ In thin market futures were a fraction or so
higher, , but the spot market was listless and.
unchanged. •. : •¦
Spot Wheat-Shlpplngr, S7^c; Milling/ $1@
1 02!i per ctL
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal • Session— 3:15 . o'clock— May— 16, COO
ctls, $10314. -
8
STATIONS.
I I^ast I This Last
J24 Hours Season. Season.
a
i-<
Re
Ea
PI
to
Is
Ea
:ur»ka ,
• -! Bluff ......
r.rrarr.ento ...
in Francisco
!«no
.
an LaiIs Oblfj
ros Anre!n ..
an iJiegij
pi::::
::::::a
.! | |
.42 U.E9 11.24
.04 3.93 6.79
.44 4.02 6.S4
.38 4.23 6.07
.78 ' KM 2.66
.04 i 1.20 1.19
1.42 4. S3 4.*4
.74 2.77 1.97
.12 j 1.00 I 1.15
STATIONS.
I I^ast I This Last
J24 Hours Season. Season.
a
i-<
Re
Ea
PI
to
Is
Ea
:ur»ka ,
• -! Bluff ......
r.rrarr.ento ...
in Francisco
!«no
.
an LaiIs Oblfj
ros Anre!n ..
an iJiegij
pi::::
::::::a
.! | |
.42 U.E9 11.24
.04 3.93 6.79
.44 4.02 6.S4
.38 4.23 6.07
.78 ' KM 2.66
.04 i 1.20 1.19
1.42 4. S3 4.*4
.74 2.77 1.97
.12 j 1.00 I 1.15
AUCTION SALES,
GRAND AUCTION SALE
£^ OF ££j
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
FROM
W. O'B. MACDONOUGtTS
MENLO STOCK FARM.
t~ 1 jh Slml Ly lh * Great st - Carlo,
Flander^'TT f nd Slsters to Cr »™* «'
Glanders \ alenolenne. St. Phillip. So-
cialist. Tenebrae. Etc..
_ %w Also All the
PALO ALTO THOROUGHBREDS,
Sired by
li : ;viT FLAMBEA1L *- MARINER (Imp.) and
LOYALIST limp.). Out of the Choice
Mares That Have Made This
Farm Famous.
Also the Royally HrM Filly LASSITUDE, by
FALSETTO.
Thursday Evening, Nov. 22, 1900,
Comtr.enclnc at 7:4o
OCCIDENTAL HOiiSE EXCHANGE,
:21-723 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
¦ V \r rnvvv M °- LAY NO. Proprietor.
F. W. CO\E^. Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready. n or3eg on the prem i^ g .
fe AUCTION SALE!
80 MULES-60 HORSES!
two miles southw-st of bavUvi™ « *
SATURDAY November 24, 1900,
1 ' AT 10 A. M — — .
8O HEAD OF MILES
Weighing !wn 1000 to 1400 pounds, all broken
and la irood corvJitlon. FORTY sfts of
CHATS HARNESS. Single aid a«Kug^
Harness. 20 Pairs Lead Bars. Single
Buggy. 2-Hors« Wagon etc
At the same time and vlace. by order or J. B.
Mghtingale. I will sell
SIXTY HEAD OF DRIVING AND DRArGHT
Weighing from 1000 to 1C0O pounds, broken and
unbroken. Mares in foal. Yearlings and
two-year-olds.
Sal* can be held under cover, and will take
place rain or shine and without limit or reserve
TERMS CASH. Fn>e Lunch Will B* Se' ved
W. H. 1IORD, Auctioneer.
fc* £t* £?>
30 HEAD OF BROKEN DRIVING, EXPRESS
AND DRAFT HOUSES.
Matched trams, weighing from 1000 to 1850.
Consigned by J. B. NIGHTINGALE, Cordelia.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.J
Balesyard — 1732 Market »treet. corner Van
Ness avenue.
AUCTION SALE.
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET. XT!
Sixth «t.. "Wednesday. Nov. 21. U o'clock. 14
bead of Draft Horses, also good Driving Horses.
Buggies, Wagons. Harness, etc.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.THE Elks' memorial services, to be
held Sunday, December 2, at the
Grand Opera-house, will be the
most impressive ever held by the
order In this city. D. M. Delmas
will deliver the oration. J. J. Barrett will
deliver the eulogy. The committee will
attempt to secure the services of Lewis
Morrison to read Tennyson's "In Memo
riam." The well known actor Is an Elk
and a great favorite In ' the lodgeroom.
Should he consent to read the beautiful
lines ho will no doubt make a deep Im
pression.
The services will commence at 2 o'clock
Bharp by a requiem march, played by a
large orchestra. The lodge will then be
called to order by Kxalted Ruler Bonnet
and the usual ritual will be followed.
The Elks' memorial service Is one of the
great events In fraternal circles In this
city. The committee In charge of the af
fair is instructed to spare no expense.
inent merchant of this city, died last even
ing In the French Hospital. San Fran
clsco, where he was taken one week ago
and where he underwent an operation for
cancer of the stomach. Deceased was a
native of Italy, 57 years of age. He came
to Alameda twenty years ago and en
gaged in the hardware, plumbing and tin
ning business. Previous to that time he
conducted a similar business in Mazatlan,
Mexico. A widow an-1 seven children sur
vive him. His funeral will be held to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock from St.
Joseph's Church.
State.
MANILA, Nov. 20.— Aglipay, a renegade
native priest, long an Insurgent leader In
Northern Luzon, has written to friends
in Manila asking for election news and
requesting to be informed whether a de
cision has been reached concerning tha
relations between church and state ai;d
the disposition of church property. The
replies sent him contain the Information
that church and state will be separate
and that entire religious freedom will be
allowed.
Informed as to the Election and the
Property of Church and
INSURGENT LEADER
"WRITES FOB THE NEWS
Nothing more was heard of Green until
he was shot in Denver. The recent mes
sages received by his brothers contain the
information that he is in a critical con
dition, but a special dispatch to Tho Call
late last night says that there is a chance
for his recovery.
On July 17 CJreen was dismissed from
the San Francisco Police Department.
Expecting his dismissal, he had prepared
lor the future, and many merchants suf
fered to the extent of several hundred
dollars. He hypothecated his salary war
rant several times and then commenced
to lay in a stock of goods. He purchased
large bills of clothing on Credit from Roos
Bros., Charles Keilus & Co., Cichtensteln
& Co. and tho Hub. Not content with the
necessaries of life, he purchased other ar
ticlfSj such as cameras and bicycles,
which he immediately sold. From Ham
mersmith & Field he s<»ured a diamond
ring worth $110. All of Green's creditors
believed him still to be in the department
in good standing.
As soon as the Police Commissioners
dismissed Green the merchants began to
flock to the office of Chief Sullivan. The
ex-officer had not yet left town and he
was sent for by the Chief. He treated
the matter of his debts lightly and paid
that he intended to pay them. Sullivan
allowed Green to depart and shortly after
allowed Green to depart and shortly
afterward several officers were put on his
trail armed with warrants.
Charles Green, the San Francisco police
officer who caused a sensation In depart
ment circles last July, is dying in Denver.
He was shot three times while serving
as a Deputy Sheriff on election day. Ever
since he deserted this city, with the law
at his heels, his whereabouts has been
unknown until the Denver tragedy hap
pened, and he appealed by telegram to
his brothers to hasten to his bedside be
fore he expired. The brothers of the un
fortunate police officer will leave for Den
ver this morning.
Obtained Goods on Credit of Mer
chants Here and Then Disap
peared to Be Heard Of
Again in Denver.
While Serving as Sheriff's
Deputy the Officer Was
Shot,
EX-POLICEMAN
GREEN IS DYING
Players to Be Received in a Body and
Encouraged by Bright Smiles.
LOYAL CO-EDS PREPARE
FOR FOOTBALL RALLY
Y. W. C. T. U. Conference.
OAKLAND. Nov. 20.— The Young Wo
men's Christian Temperance Union of
Alameda County will hold the quarterly
conference Thursday evening of this week
at thfr Welsh Presbyterian Church. An
elaborate programme has been prepared.
the following named assisting: Mrs. P. H.
Mincher. Miss A. Meserole. Mrs. A. Mc-
Connell. Mrs. J. H. Rhodes. T. O. Craw
ford. Miss M. A. Thompson, Miss Elste
McMath, Mrs. A. D. Coplln and Dr. B.
Moore.
Eight Teams Express Willingness to
Represent Various Trades in
Tournament.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20. — The Alameda
County Building Trades Council Is ar
ranging for a tug-of-war tournament to
be given at the Tabernacle from Decem
ber 17 to 23 Inclusive. The arrangements
were talked over last night at a meeting:
of joint committees from the various
trades unions with the Trades Council.
Eight teams will be in the tournament.
They will be chosen from among the
brlcklavers, carpenters, cement workers,
lathers, laborers, mlllmen and plasterers.
Other teams are expected to enter. Each
team will contest each night of the tour
nament and nine men will constitute a
team.
TTJO-OF WAR COHTESTS
FOR MTXI^MEN'S BENEFIT
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— Rear Admiral
Robert Stembel, retired, died from pneu
monia to-day In the Fifth-avenue Hotel,
aged 90 years.
Roger Nelson Stembel was born In Mary
land I>ecember 27. 1S10. He entered the
navy as a midshipman in 1827. being first
attached to the Porpoise, which was
wrecked near Vera Cruz in 1S33. Hi3 next
assignment was to the naval school, after
which he served in the coast survey until
the Civil AVar broke out. He served with
distinction in the Mississippi River flo
tilla and commanded the Cincinnati
which was sunk by rams at Fort Pillow,
when he was seriously wounded. He was
promoted commodore on July 13. 1S70. and
on December 27. 1S72. retired, being ad
vanced to rear admiral on the retired list
on July 5. 1S74.
Passing of an Old ITaval Officer Who
Served With Distinction Dur
ing the Civil "War.
REAR ADMIRAL ROBERT
STEMBEL CLAIMED BY DEATH
The demand caused a hurried confer
ence between McCutchen and Mr. Moore.
McCutchen finally said; "We have no ob
jection to allowing Mr. Hayne to hav© the
copy."
Engineer Le Conte will resume his ex
pert testimony for the company to-mor
row.
"We believe that we are entitled to the
data In order that our expert may exam
ine It."
Hayne made a demand this afternoon
for a copy of the private memoranda
which Watklnson has been using. "I de
mand this copy on tho ground that the
original was refused to our expert, as we
think," said the city's counsel. "When
we wanted it Mr. Watklnson had gone
East, and when we applied to other ofa
cials of the corporation they said they
knew nothing about It.
Watklnson explained that he mado up
his construction accounts after consulting
with the heads of hts departments con
cerning the items which should be tabu
lated under that head or as maintenance
cost. All new work, said the witness,
went to construction.
Hayne asked for an explanation about
the missing tabulation, and Watkinson
admitted he did not know anything about
it. The statement might have been muti
lated and this data lost, for all he could,
say.
In the statement for 1886 no segreiratlon
for construction expenditures appeared,
but Watklnson eald he could supply tho
omission from his private memoranda.
which he carried in his pockets while tha
city experts were trying to find some re
mains of the burned books.
Hayne put Wa*kinson through a cotzrsa
upon the annual statements, with special
relation to the methods employed In. fix
ing the construction accounts. Tha
amount paid out for construction is
chargeable against the consumers In tha
fixing of water rates, the law being that
the company's Investments for construc
tion are entitled to an Interest return In
the revenue.
There was a flurry ihis morning because
Attorney McCutchen wanted to mtroduco
in evidence only the construction accour..
data contained in the company's annual
statements to the Ctty Council.
Attorney Hayne contended that If tha
company desired to use any part of tha
statements, the documents as a whoia
must go in as evidence. Tha lawyer.*
fought along those lines for a time, and
linaily Judge Hart sustained Hayne's po
sition.
The Contra Costa Water Company, prior
to Iss6. issued Ssw.OOO m bonus. Its divi
dend payments from iS79 to ISSo aggre
gated IT^l.&VO.
During President Watkinson's cross-ex
amination the total revenue from water
services of the Contra Costa <>ater Com
pany from its organization tn IStii to Jan
uary l, lauii. was given as j6,i*0.702 S3. lius
is exclusive o£ tne Oakland Water Com
pany's revenue from ihe same source.
The water rates suit trial relapsed to
day to a dull routine of figures and cal
culations, with a few side issues about,
segregations of construction and operating
expenses. Attorney Hayne adhered close
ly to his line of. detailed objection at ev
ery stage where he could flnu a possible
loophole. His tactics are apparently thos<o
of an attorney who is bent upon making
a strong record for his client in the event
an appeal to a higher court shall be nec
essary.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Nov. 20.
Hayne Forces Corporation to Fnrnisb
Copy of Private Data in Presi
dent Watkinson's Pos-
Evidence About the Income
of the Contra Costa
Company.
MILLIONS FROM
WATER REVENUES
Alameda Merchant Dead.
ALAilEDA. Nov. 20.— Louis C. Mazzini.
an old and respected resident and prom-
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— The Woman's
Christian Temperance Union will hold Its
quarterly conference Thursday at the
Welsh Presbyterian Church, Harrison
street, near Fourteenth. The executive
board will meet at 10:30 o'clock in the
morning. Lunch will be served. There
will be a programme of addresses and
music during the afternoon.
A practical lesson as to a Thanksgiving
dinner will be given Monday afternoon at
2 o'clock by Miss Voorhies at the Cooking
School, 12G3 Franklin 6treet.
The annual banquet of the St. Andrew's
Society will be held December 5.
CLUB AND SOCIETY
APFAIKS TO TAKE PLACE
B-- — ERKELEY. Nov. 20.— Upon the
recommendation of the executive
committee of the Associated
__ Women Students of the Univer
sity of California, the co-eds will
hold a football rally Wednesday evening,
November 21. The gymnasium has been
secured for that purpose.
- The rally will take somewhat the nature
of a reception. After several speeches
the students will mingle, and specially ap
rointed committees will introduce the
members of the student body. The foot
ball men will be received in a body.
General W. II. I.. Barnes will be the
principal speaker of the evening. Ad-
dresses will be made by President Benja
min Ide Wheeler. Graduate Manager
Reno Hutchinson and Ralph T. Fisher
president of the Associated Students. ' *
The committee In charge of the affair
consists of Miss Blanche Clark. Mlsa R J
Moore, Miss R. Berg, Miss Evelvn m"
Ratcliffe and Miss E. T. Owen.
The executive committee on women
students' affairs, which is superintending
the rally, J« as follows: Miss Agnes
Frislus (chairman). Miss Edna T. Owen,
Miss Edna M. Wemple. Miss Eva Powell,'
Miss Annie Coulter. Miss nianche M
Clark, Mlsa Lydia Dozier, Miss Alice B.
Wythe. Miss Alma Stockwell and Miss C
B. Bradley.
ENTHUSIASTIC CO-EDS OF THE STATE UNIVERSITY ARE PREPAR
ING TO TENDER A RECEPTION AT THE GYMNASIUM TO THE IN
STITUTION'S FOOTBALL TEAM.
"I have heard considerable criticism
about the lack of water pressure and the
condition of the Central avenue hydrant
on the night of the fire. I believe that
the matter should be probed to the bot
tom and the responsibility for the con
fused and expensive state of affairs that
existed on that occasion fixed. If it Is the
city"s place to see that hydrants are al
ways In working order let it be dono. If
it is the Contra Costa Water Company's
duty to keep the hydrants In order we
should see that they do it. We cannot
afford to have an occurrence like that
happen, again."
It was finally decided that the fire com
mittee of the Board of City Trustees
should make a thorough investigation and
report the results to the board at itu ir?xt
meeting. Chief Krauth say* that had the
water pressure been stronger and tho
hydrant in working order the damage
done would have been much less, f
While that fire was in progress every
endeavor made by the firemen to operatj
the hydrant mentioned proved fruitless.
It was the nearest plug to the scne of
destruction and much valuable time \vas
lost trying to turn on the water. Local
representatives of the Contra Ooeta
\\ ator Company asserted the day after
the fire that the hydrant was in good
working order and Intimated that the
firemen did not understand how to oper
ate it.
Trustee Schulte brought the matter up
at a meeting of the City Trusteert last
night. He said:
ALAMEDA. Nov. 20.— An official Investi
gation will be made by the City Trustees
concerning the alleged lack of water pres
sure and the non-workable condition of
the hydrant at the corner of Central
avenue and Park street during the recent
disastrous fire on Park street, wh'.ch de
stroyed nearly half a block of business
houses.
sponsibility for Lack of
« "Water.
City Trustees Will Try to Fix Re-
ALAMEDA FTBE WTLI,
CAUS:., INVESTIGATION
OAKLAND. Nov. 20— Professor E. A
Iioss. formerly of Stanford University.
v-111 lecture to-morrow evening at the
T"ir-=t I'nitarian Chur<*h. His subject will
be "The British Empire." It will be given
tiMer the auspices of the music section
or the church, to which the proceeds
v-;l! eo.
Professor Eoss to Lecture.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 20.— Oorce Davis, a
ywrtli employed in the plumbing shop of
Charles p. Kisoher. took a copious swa!
low cf diluted muriatic acid last even-
Ir.c by rr.irtake. thinking the liquid was
c<v.!srh medicine. He wos thrown into con
rnlsloni shortly after downing the poison
ous orau?ht and hni it not been that
medical aid was fjuiekly given h!m thi?
mi*t:ike might have been fatal. As it
was. his mouth an-.l tbroal were f-evereiy
V':r;:<Vi r;nd his Ftoma^h suffered from the
effects of the liquid before the emetic
sSm':;iMered to the unlucky plumber
operated.
MURIATIC ACID TAKEN
FOB COUGH MEDICINE
Alameda Plumber's Assistant Drinks
a Quantity of Poisoned Liquid
bv Mistake.
OAKLAND. Nov. 20.— Jay E. Russell,
vho controls pyi acres of watershed on the
American Kjver. h&5> filed with the City
<^r>uncl! a proposition to supply Oakland
end San Franrlsco with water. He re
rit»? that fh* river mn be dammed at a
place where it I* ¥* fe*t wide and thirty
feet deep. He estimates the cost of water
works and supply linen at J3.R04.22S: elec
tric light and power plant. JT94.1S4: electric
railroad. i;s Tr.il<>«. ffi76.2?.S: total. $.".064,700.
Russell fig'irrf. that the income from the
enle of the power would pay interest on 4
rer peat bonds, leaving the two cities
practically free from expense for light
»n<i water. The communication has been
referred to the Fire and Water Commit
tee.
tablishment of a Source of
Supply.
Council Listens to Plans for the Es-
\7ISSES TO BTJIXD
BIG WATEH WOKKS
As the 10:30 train pulled Into Dwight
way Mrs. Agers attempted to cross in
front of it. She hesitated end evidently
became confused, for when the train was
almost upon her she stepped on the
track. The engine was backing up and
the pilot of the tender struck her, throw
ing her forward on her face. Her body
was tossed clear of the wheels. She at
tempted to rise, and the step of the first
coach struck her, breaking her right arm
and cutting open her scalp. Bystanders
rushed forward and drew her from the
track.
A. J. Brackett, who witnessed the acci
dent, said: "Just as Mrs. Agers got to
the track she looked up and saw tne in
coming train. She stopped and then,
started to run across the track in front
cf the engine. She was evidently con
fused by the approaching train."
Robert Poole was in the cab. He saw
the woman in danger and whistled for
her. but the warning was too late. Con
ductor Charles Cottrell said: "The train
was not a car's length from its stopping
place when Mrs. Agers was 6truck. I
did not know of the accident until we
stopped, but it seems from witnesses that
she deliberately walked in front of the
engine."
The unfortunate old lady was taken to
the home of her son, Robert Agers. at the
corner of Telepraph avenue and Dwight
way. She lingered through the afternoon
in "a semi-conscious condition. Although
she had unusual vitality her age was
greatly against her and the shock proved
too much.
The date for the Inquest has not yet
been set.
BERKELEY. Nov. 20.— Mrs. Mary
Agers. aged 80 years, was struck by the
10:30 o'clock local train this morning at
Dwight Way and received injuries from
which she died late this afternoon. The
body was taken charge of by Deputy
Coroner J. E. Streightif.
Mrs. Mary Agers Struck by
Engine At Dwight Way
Station.
WOMAN IS KILLED
BY LOCAL TRAIN
is no name stronger in the
j I minstrel managerial business than
I that of J. H. Haverly, and there is
Jl no name better known In the min
strel acting business than that of
George "Waltz Me Again" Wilson. Years
George Wilson, true to his old love, has
cast his lot with the veteran manager,
And beginning next Sunday at the Cali
fornia will appear as the principal star of
Haverly's Mastodon Minstrels. Wilson is
known all over the United States as the
greatest monologist before the public. He
writes his own parodies, and his drolleries
have made hundreds of thousands laugh.
His discourses are always up to date and
they fairly bubble over with genuine fun.
For San Francisco he has several talks
in preparation, and when he opens at the
California Theater next Sunday afternoon
he is assured a hearty reception.
ago J. H. Haverly taught Barlow, Wilson,
Primrose and West their black-face trade,
and since then the four partners have sep
arated, all having done well for them
selves.
GEORGE WILSON. THE STAR COME
DIAN COMING WITH THE HAVER
LY MINSTRELS.
There will be another meeting of the
Oelogation before Thar.kspiving. at which
pome action as a delegation wiil probably
l>e taken. Kelly and McWade expressing
t^-day their willingness so to meet.
Nothing was s«i<l about patronage or
committees and there wli! be a meeting of
The entire delegatioti. including the Sena
tors, at some lime in the, future to con
elder what places will come to Alamed.i
County ard to oiect a chairman for the
«>ipgaticn. This position will probably
fal! to Senator K. K. Taylor of Alameda.
"I have cfirtio over here to consult with
the Alameda County delegation." said Mr.
Anrifrsor.. "I have several very good
friends in the delegation and they desired
me to meet some of tho.~f who were not
in the last ses«=inn. I am a candidate for
the office of Speaker of the coming As
sembly. I am not a candidate for any
rther office. I am not a candidate for
Governor. The situation in regard to' the
P7»eakership has not changed and I be
lieve that I have many more votes than
are necessary to elect. There are no can
didates for Speaker from Alameda
County, tho?e who have been mentioned
having expressed themselves as favoring
my candidacy. There Is no opposition to
me fr<rn any faction that I can find.
thni:e-h there are candidates against me.
These oardlrtate.s will muster their own
jxrpona! strength, but th«re is no fac
tional puppr.rt of any man in this fight."
The conference did not last long and all
cf. the delegation assured Anderson of
their personal friendship and probable
support. A majority of the delegation
were :u:x!oue to go upon record as sup
porting him. but it was thought best not
to make an open indorsement. Three out
of tl;*; live present— Joseph EL Knowlaii-1.
J. A. Bli.^s and Dr. N. K. Foster—an
i.ounced their open support of Anderson,
while Joseph M. Kelly and David W. Mc-
Wade expressed their friendship, but did
not want to have their t-urport take tho
lorm of a caucus indorsement from th>i
Alameda County delegation. Joseph G.
-uattos Jr. telegraphed that he would
taand by the action of th<? majority. He
is- known to favor the candidacy of Mr.
Anderson.
Oaklar.d Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Hroadway, Nov. 30.
There was an informal meeting of the
Alameda County Assemblymen this after
noon at which Alden Anderson, Speaker
of the last Assembly and the man who
BeesnS most likely of election to that posi
tion for the coming session, was present.
*i1;«- Assemblymen who attended were
Joseph K. Knowland of Alameda, Joseph
:.. Kelly. David \V. McWade, J. A. I3!is3
:.;-.« j Dr. N. K. Foster of Oakland. Joseph
U. Mauois Jr. of Centerville was abflen*
txyaose of bad weather and 111 heulili.
}Ir. Anderson happened to be on his way
U San Francisco and the Alameda dele
gation wanted to have a little talk with
ban atiU he with them.
Former Speaker Makes Frank State
ment of His Position and Says
He Is a Candidate for
the Office.
ALAMEDA WILL
BACK ANDERSON
Unanimous Support Prob
able for the Assemblyman
From Solano.
Window plants in Germany are often
watered with cold tea or coffee. .The- ef
fect* ara said to be beneficial.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— Commissioner
Powderly of the Immigration Bureau will
give *a hearing about the last of this
month to a committee of labor organiza
tions of New York, headed by the Knights
of Labor, on Chinese immigration. The
committee also represents nearly all tha
labor organizations on the Pacific Coast
The object of the organization Is to sug
gest a co-operation of the Immigration
Bureau and the labor bodies. It is believed
that violations of the Chinese Immigra
tion law often come to the knowledge of
laborers that are not published and
spoken of. If the organizations co-operate
with the immigration officials It is
thought all members of labor bodies will
rrake It their business to watch for viola
tors of the law, and to assist in their re
tention. IMMKlBSH&tiBaR
Commissioner for the Repres
sion of Chinese Influx.
Seek to Co-operate With Immigration
LABOR REPRESENTATIVES TO
CONFER WITH POWDERLY
To-night the railroad company ordered
out its snowplows on the Central Pacific
line, the first time in ten years that a
November storm has made it necessary.
Snow is falling from Colfax to Reno and
at the Summit it is seven feet in depth
and still falling heavily. So far traffic
has not been Interrupted.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 20.— A wild storm
burst on this locality this evening and at
midnight the wind Is still howling and the
rain coming down heavily. In many places
the outlying streets are flooded, as the
sewers cannot carry off the water as fast
as it falls. To make matters worse, some
thing has gone wrong with the electric
transmission line from Folsom. All of the
lights are extinguished. The streetcars
are stranded. i
The telephone to Folsom is dead. 'and
the company has not yet been able to
locate the cause of the trouble. The city
is in comparative darkness.
Electric Wires Down, Street Lights
at a Standstill.
Extinguished and Street Cora
WINDSTORM BURSTS
UPON SACRAMENTO
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Charles Pinkerton
MacLafferty. 28. and Anna Lily Shorkley,
26, Oakland; Frederic Leroud. 21, and
Annie Frances Coprlvlze. 16, San Fran
cisco; Charles Francis Uslnger. 21, and
Harriett Dahl, 20. San Francisco.
Licenses to Marry.
DUNSMUIR, Nov. 20.— Brakeman Rob
ert LvDunkson was killed in the Southern
Pacific yards at Delta this morning. The
north-bound freight, extra, in charge of
Conductor J. L. Hoffman, was switching.
Head Brakeman Dunkson had climbed to
the top of the eighth box car. from the
engine and: gave the signal to back up.
The engineer waited for, a signal after
striking the train with the eight cars.
¦ Suddenly the fireman heard groans com
ing from the forward part of the engine
and discovered Brakeman Dunkson
doubled up under the pilot. He hail boen
dragged a hundred feet underneath the
It 'took some time to get him from his
awful position, he bravely helping his
rescuers despite his terrible agony. The
conductor coupled the caboose to the en
gine and brought the unfortunate man io
Dunsmulr; the nearest place where medi
cal aid could be obtained. - .. ; >
Dunkson »hr.d lost both legs and one
arm, the other arm being found at the
spot where he had first. signaled the engi
neer. =*A special ' train started to convey
him to Sacramento. . The poor fellow took
leave of his wife and children here, this
being his home;< and before . Keswick was
reached he had breathed^iis last. He was
a -member of several secret orders, and
had -been - recently ," moved here from
: Wads worth; Nev. ; ;• : ;¦;
BRAXEMLAN'S AWFTJJ3
DEATH AT DELTA
Jauch.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 20.— Society Is
just now gossiping about a mistake of
Cupid which was found out before the
final step was taken and is wondering
why the engagement between John Sln
fleton and Mrs. Jennie Jauch ha-? been
eclared off and who took the first step
toward an estrangement.
"I had very good reasons for breaking
the engagement," said Mrs. Jauch to
day.
On the other hand Mr. S'ngleton has
been heard to say that he Is the o'.ie who
presented the glove to the lady. There
fore society does not know positively how
matters stand and is still guessing.
This is not Mrs. Jauch's first experience
with the mistakes of the little winged god.
About four years ago, wnen she was pret
ty Jennie Bonsall and lived at the home of
her father. Major W. H. Bonsall, she had
more suitors than almost any other girl
in the city. Of them all she preferred Dr.
Joseph \V. Jauch, to whom she gave her
heart and hand and whom she married
after a courtship In which it seemed that
both had made the proper choice. But
the beautiful wife, after nearly three
years of married life, thought differently
and applied for a divorce, which was
granted a little less than a year ago.
Soon after obtaining the divorce it be
came rumored that Mrs. Jauch had cap
tured the heart of the much sought for
millionaire, John Singleton. Mr. Single
ton and Mrs. Jauch were merely waiting
for a year to elapse from the time of her
divorce before she should be made Mrs.
Singleton, the mistress of the beautiful
Singleton court and of the Singleton mil
lions. All such hopes are at an end now,
and the society reporters who were hop
ing to soon be able to report a brilliant
wedding are as much disappointed as the
mothers' with unmarried daughters are
eiad. ¦ _
Sudden Estrangement Between John
Singleton and Mrs. Jennie
SOCIETY GOSSIPS ABOUT
A BROKEN ENGAGEMENT
The Retail Clerks' Union has only been
In existence four months, but in that
short stretch of time it has accomplished
much for the purpose for which it was
organized — to secure early closing of
stores, so that employes could go home
to their families at a reasonable hour
every day. The merchants have fallen in
readily with the idea and given the clerks
their co-operation in a number of cases.
Thoy realize it is as much a benefit for
themselves to close early as it is for their
employee.
The merchants of the city who have so
far signified their intention of closing
early by signing the list are the follow
ing named: \V. Smith, clothier; D. Hy
man, clothier; Cohen & Co., tailors; Stln
bere & Co., shoes; N. Schneider, shoes;
Goldberg & Co., shoes; Westover & Co.,
furnishings; "The Outlet," tailors; Alex
ander & Co., shoes; M. Isaacs & Co.,
clothiers; M. Citron, clothier; Keller &
Fitzgerald, furnishings; Jacobs & Co.,
merchant tailors; M. Bock, tailor.
The crusade of the local Retail Clerks'
Union to secure early closing among all
the merchants Is meeting with unexpected
success and every day new names are be
ing added to the list being circulated
among the business houses requesting
that they close their doors at 6 o'clock.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 20.
Crusade of Retail Clerks
i Is Meeting With '
Success.
MERCHANTS AGREE
TO CLOSE EARLY
The students In the physics classes are
not slow to condemn this ruling. They
claim that it not only brands the class
as thieves In general, but that the ex
traordinary assessment Is unjust. It is
bad enough they argue to be compelled to
pay for apparatus which possibly Is taken
by outsiders, but to pay ten times its
value Is more than they bargain for. On
the other hand Professor Slate says that
many of the articles are removed through
carelessness and that the ruling *ill put
a ftop to this.
The faculty of the college of social sci
ences and the president of the university
uphold the new rule. Thev believe Its
moral effect will be good, while the as
sessments, should it be necessary to make
them, will not be great on the Individual
student. If every one in the class is held
personally responsible for the articles in
the laboratories more care will be taken
of them and the chance of theft placad
at a minimum, so those in favor of the
rule believe.
Ten times the value of any apparatus thus
"removed" (without authority) from a labora
tory will be charged agaln't the class using
the room, and assessed equally upon all mem
bers of that class. FREDERICK SLATE.
Several pieces of apparatus of considerable
value have lately disappeared from the physical
laboratories. Such misappropriation of uni
versity property cannot be tolerated, and in
order to enlist public opinion among the stu
dents on the side of putting a atop to these
practices a rule has been adopted and will be
put In operation for the current term. The rule
has been approved by the president of the uni
versity.
BERKELEY, Nov. 20.— Several plcc?s of
apparatus have been stolen from tn**
physical laboratories at the University of
California and the students are held re
sponsible for them. According to the nil-
Ing Just put In force the class using the
room from which the apparatus has been
taKen must pay ten times th* value of the
stolen article to the university. The no
tice posted by Frederick Slate, prefssaor
of physics and dean of the college of
natural sciences, Is as followsu
Classes Must Pay for Articles
Stolen From Labo
ratories.
HOLD STUDENTS
RESPONSIBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21 V 1900.
George Wilson, Greatest of Monologists, to
Make Mirth at the California.
HE WILL APPEAR AS PRINCIPAL
STAR OF HAVERLY'S MASTODONS
D. M. Delmas Will Deliver the Oration and
J. J. Barrett the Eulogy.
ELKS' MEMORIAL SERVICES TO BE
MORE THAN USUALLY IMPRESSIVE
rhe admission to the theater will be by
nvitation. each member being allowed
our reserved seats and four general ad
nissions.
THREE MEN WHO WILL PARTICI
PATE IN ELKS' MEMORIAL SER
VICES.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Tells The Story I
One Opinion taken from over one thousand testimonials
received from the most prominent physicians all over the world.
DAVID WALSH, BI. D., C. M. Edln., Physician to the ,
Western Skin Hospital, London, England, writes t
" I have found Hunyadl-Janos to answer every purpose and I invariably prescribe
it. partly because it can be obtained uny where and everywhere, partly because of its
uniform action, and last, not least, because it is preferred by my patients."
HllliyadiJanos CURES Constipation
'Dyspepsia, Biliousness and all-Stomach and Liver Troubles.
No Medicine in the -world has received such widespread endorsement
LABEL ON BOTTLE is BLUEwith Red Centre Panel
"Finally my attention was called to
Postum Cereal Food Coffee and we se-
cured some of It. It was prepared accord-
ing to directions, but breakfast being de-
layed the Postum got an extra boiling,
which developed all Its virtues, and we all
if 11 in love with «t from the first moment.
The change In bur physical health after
drinking Postum was something remark-
able. We have as delicious coffee as any
one could ask, but it is a perfectly healthy
coffee, and the more we drink of It, In
reason, the better we are. I am satisfied
that the increasing amount of heart diffi-
culty of late years among young people is
directly attributable to the use of cof-
fee, and It is a great blessing to have so
safe and delicious a food coffee as Pos-
tum. Pleaeff omit my name from publica-
tion." , Eaet Brookfield. Mass. Xame
given upon application to Poetum "¦ Cereal
Co., Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich.
"The first effect after drinking coffee
¦was that of delightful exhilaration and I
U3X courage and strength to attack almost
nay amount of active work, but In a few
hours the reaction came, with misery in
my chest, palpitation of the heart and
m<j?t unbearable pains In my stomach.
A eo-jvar-old woman writes: "My over-
Jndulcent papa used to say at the table,
•Why not let the child have what she
likrs? It won't hurt her any.' He re-
ferrr-d particularly to my drinking coffee.
whi^h I was very fond of as a child. He
besestly theught it didn't hurt me, for
wiih his strong' body, apparently without
n<?rv*»«. he wm not consciously affected
by coffee, but the effect on me — a bundle
Ot nerves — was to develop restlessness and
Ftur.t my pTOwth.
If parents could realize what a crime
they commit in permitting children to
have heavy drugs during their early life,
pueh drugs, for instance, as coffee, which
Ftunts their growth, prepares them for
dypp^psia and nervous •wrecks, they
would do anything, go to any amount of
trouble and care, to change the methods
and give their children the advantages
that nature demands to produce perfect
eperirnens.
Health.
Determine Structure and Physical
FIRST SIXTEEN YEARS
POSTUM CEREAL.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak bock,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect "f warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It fa needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and- has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 82S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stctlng that you desire dn«
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute la de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave horre to be treat-
ed; and the free sample will enable them
to see how eaay It la to be cured -? sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed tn a
plain packaee. »o that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to writ* w!U»>
tut* Amlm.tr.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
Quickly Restores Lost Vi^or
to Men.
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN!THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1900.
10
HELP WAKTED-MALE.
A— WANTED* HT*"
. Educated young man to tend to boys 'In
boarding-school; short distance In country;
references required* $25 and found. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. \
A-WANTED «
Laundryman. Troy machine, for Institution
-cross the bay; $35 and found. W. D. EWER
& CO.. tip Clay st »
A— WANTED -
Experienced driver .' for milk wagon; refer-
ences required; $35 and found. W. D. EWER.
& CO.. 610 Clay st
A— WANTED
Gardener for gentleman's place near city;
$25 and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
WANTED— At once, three or four high-grade,
reliable solicitors; men of good address; men
who can get subscriptions for The Saturday
Evening Post (Philadelphia); salary guaran-
teed to the right men. 63 Columbian build-
ins, San Francisco.
WANTED — A No. 1 traveling salesman for
woolens and tailor trimmings; references.
Address L. SAN'GER, 616 Third ave., Seattle,
Wash. ¦ .
UPHOLSTERERS and lounge makers. MICH-*
AEL BOEPPLE, foreman Klopstock Bros.,
2257 Folsom st
ARCHITECTURAL student— Opportunity In
architect's office for bright young man. Ad-
dress box 106. Call offlce.
WANTED — A 'place to stop for the winter — This
can be found at the Adams House, at) Sacra-
mento et., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREP'RY. Prop.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced electrical wlreman,
• must be steady and reliable man: wages II
! per day. Bakersfleld Gas and Electric Light
Company, Bakersfleld. Cal.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old, reliable
firm, 806 Market, rm: 40, Phelan bldg. ; pension
vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
Al PRESSERS on cloaks at M. SIMINOFF"S.
1223 Market St. ¦ .
BARTENDER wanted; $15 per week; refer-
ences. 698 Fourth st.
WANTED— Mission boy to drive wagon at meat
market Seventeenth and Dolores sts.
FOR sale — A good paying country barber shop
and baths, suitable for married man. Ad-
dress box CCS, Call office.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale cheap. 14
1 Turk »t. .
$150 WILL buy a flne 2 -chair barber shop; flne
trade; must sell. 394 Sixth st. '.
BOY 16 to 18 years, good education, in archl-
tect's office. Address box 324. Call.
YOUNG man to drive meat wagon: with some
experience. 2299 Market st, cor Noe.
JEWELERS. 828 Bush St.. third floor, room 1
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half,
price. EG2 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
- 20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor" st.
HK.MOKRHOIDS.
PILES — 3C0 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
tlculara sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOjCIv. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons" Dugsles.
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth st: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL, 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate; sult-
able for grocery. Address 156 Ninth st.
INVALID CHAIKS AND TKICYULKS.
SOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames trlcycl*
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to^tTsendrfor^clr^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOOTED.
LOST— Pair gold-rim specks; Nov. 20; Market
and Front sts.. or Sutter-st. care; reward.
417 Turk st.
LOST — Jersey cow, on November 14. branded on
left hip F. P. Return to Green Mt Ranch.
Bay View, and receive $5 reward.
LOST— Diamond locket, with initials' C. J. W.
on back. Return to 501 Montgomery ave. ; re-
ward. •
$5 REWARD— Lost, Saturday evening, on
Jackson st, between Franklin and Larkin,
.. mink collarette. Return to 2216 Webster st.
LOST— Great Dane dog (brindle): $20 reward If
returned to 143 Third st. ; no questions asked.
MEDICAL. ~~
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at offlce: ladies treated can return
horn* same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. 6th; world-renowned ladies' special-
ist; safe, reliable: practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; connul-
tatlon free. After all others fall call oa him.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; cob-
sult free. 942 Post st.. bet Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician:
treatment. $5! positive cure guaranteed: when
others fall consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at offlce; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success: see free.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc. ; all diseases treat-
ed; tend for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tarlum. 704 Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. r,lft T>7rtv nt.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR, SALE.
BOILERS. Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
NEW 68 Majestic range, with steam heater and
cooker, cheap: suitable for 200 people. North-
east corner Point Lobos and Fifth aves.
FOR sale or to rent— A 54 electric light bath
cabinet: new. Northeast corner Point Lobos
and Fifth a vea. - ¦ .¦-
C-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$150; can ' be seen , running at* 623 Golden
Gate ave.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARPINE'S. 220 Fremont st
A NICE ¦:; diamond - stud for $S vat UNCLE*
HARRIS'.: 15 Grant ave. ¦ - -¦¦
GASOLINE, gas engines, second-hand, bought.
I sold and exchanged. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome it.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scalo and fire ¦ and burglar
t : proof safe. 216 California St.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROUGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo,' engine and boiler, com-
plete: cheap. H.S. WHITE, 516 Mission st
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Of flee, 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and • second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.; 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE 'engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
— ¦I..:..' FLATS TO ':'. LET< ', n „„„„.„;„¦.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows:
all modern lmprovem'ta; 1st floor. 417H Third.
GREEN, 1812, near Larkin— « rooms, bath; en-
amel sink; dresser; latest Improvements; sun-
ny; $18.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, , 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children. . . . ¦ ".
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
10-ROOM flat, furnished or unfurnished. 139
O'Farrell st. ¦ ¦ • '
$18— UPPER flat, 6 rooms and porcelain bath.
641 Castro st.. near Nineteenth.
$25 — SUNNY bay-window, newly renovated,
medern, 7 rooms, bath. 1708 Washington st.
., ! FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — A house or flat of 4 or 6 rooms fur-
nlshed. Box 308, Call offlce. ¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S CO, with No. 7
range. King- Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE WANTED. ,
$20,000 WORTH of furniture wanted lmme-
dlately for cash. 1182 Mission st. near Eighth.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; tel Jessie >6L
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for eecond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin: tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
, UELP WANTED FEMALE. .
C. R, HANSEN &" CO... T-.r. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 more waitresses. R. R. eating-house. Ari-
zona, $20, free transportation; 2 first-class
waitresses, city, $20; 3 waitresses, country,
$20; 5 chambermaids to wait dinner, city and
country hotels, $20; chambermaid, $17 60; wo-
man cook, mining town, small hotel, $30, free
fare, and many others
FAMILY DEPARTMENT :....
Working housekeeper, 4 men, country, $20,
eee party here, free fare.
Houseglrl for small American family, Antl-
och, $20, no children; houseglrl for tlret of
the month for Oakland, $20, $25; houseglrls,
houseglrls. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
'AN experienced chocolate dipper for a retail
candy store; no office fee. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary »t.
TWO neat young girls for candy factory, $4
week to begin. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st .
FINISH on Jackets, one who can make flne
buttonholes. BARON, Ladles' Tailor, 22 and
24 Grant ave. ]
OPERATORS to work In factory. I. MAGNIN
& CO.. 723 Market St.. room 35.
GIRL wanted for housework; 8009 Jackson st.
Call 10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
EXPERIENCED hand and good Improver.
Apply Madame L. Grand. 1027B Post.st
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
. ployment Agency. 8 Geary: Ph. Black 871!*.
GIRL 15 or over for light housework; no one
but a willing girl need apply; wages $S to
$10. 264 San Carlos ave.. bet. Mission and
Valencia, Nineteenth and Twentieth sts.
WANTED— Competent youne woman for gen-
eral housework: 2 in family; good home;
wages $15. 6913 California st. near Twenty-
eecond ave. ¦
GOOD finisher and button hole maker on cus-
tom coats; also apprentice girl; steady work;
good pay. 935 Market St., room 16.
WANTED— Lady on flne work; must be first-
class presser. Apply 1C23 Mission st
FINISHERS wanted on overehlrts. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. S8H Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS fitter, accustomed to ladles'
tailoring: state former experience and refer-
ences. Box 351, Call office
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 641 Market
street. ¦
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 p. m.
APPRENTICE on custom pants; paid while
learning. &04 Kearny st, room 10.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work In a family of 3; good wages. Apply
at 2S17 Scott st, between Union and Green.
WANTED— A good waitress at 106 Second st
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentice*
wanted. Bookbindery, 636 Clay st
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 85S How-
ard, bet. 4th' and 6th, over handball court.
"WANTED— Good pants finishers; good pay;
steady work. 2223^4 Mission st.
FINISHERS on custom coats wanted; steady
work; good wages. 304 Tehama st.
GIRL wanted for downstairs work and cook-
ing. Call after 10 o'clock. 836 Union st.
YOUNG lady to learn to be a medium and
travel with professional man. Box 332, Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom St.. bet 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore at.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT" C. iCh ANSEN &~CO.' S . . . 104 Geary st
...RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters,, tunnelmen, stonemasons. Free far*
4 Ingersoll drillers, $3 a day: 2 miners, as-
phalt mine, $2 a day; 20 farmers for orohar-1
work. $20; cabinetmaker, $2 a day; choremtn,
$15 to $20
HOTEL DEPARTMENT....
Chef, $100; hotel man, $80; r33tauront stew-
ard, $60; second cook for train service, $50;
Eecond cook, country restaurant, $10, fare
paid; 2 hotel waiters, $30; colored waiter,
country club, $33; cook for two men for camp,
$30 to $33: 6 dishwashers and kitchen hand*.
$20. $25. $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A— CHEF, $30, and a second cook, $65, for a
first-class country restaurant; see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary »t
AN elevator boy; good references; $25. C. R.'
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
A— MURRAY A READY...... Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Tlemakers We ship to-day Fare paid
to tlemakers, to to 12c, tools furnishe-1
I Ingereoll drillers, $3 a day Wagonmakers
Head dairy man $40 and found
Florist gardener, $35 and found; chow boyi":
25 farm hands and teamsters.... $26 and found
Woodchoppers, $1, $2, $3 cord, tools and pro-
visions furnished. MURRAY & READY,
C34-C36 Clay st. * _^
A— COOKS, hotels and restaurants, $30 to .<:»fl
and found; second cooks,' $3.">; washer and
starcher; waiters, $30; foreman baker, Becsn.l
and third bands; man for delicatessen store,
$40 and found. MURRAY & READY. (34-
636 Clay st. '
A— CARPENTERS: 10 cabinet-makers: 8 bench
hands; 1 shaper hand; sash and door man; 2
sticker hands. Mechanics' Registration
Bureau, 410 Kearny St., room 9; non-union
mechanics please register: new jobs dally;
. no offlce fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
Al RESIDENT salesmen of wide* acquaintance
• to solicit family trade- In the country for «i
wholesale wine and liquor house. Address,
with references, box 362. Call office.
YOUNG man. able to handle short shirt knife,
for men's neckwear cutting: wages to start.
PACIFIC NECKWEAR CO.. 16 Sutter at
HAND laundryman as washer and starcher;
. good wages. Apply E. J. COUCH, Stanford
Hand Laundry. Palo Alto. Cal.. |
GRAND chance to get rich; drugstore, vicinity
of Ellis and Powell sts.; price $1500. Apply
A. M. SPECK. 667 Market st
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers for the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st
O BR0S.^4 E Sutte?st 0Untry - *****
A MAN that understands fruit trees and prun-
lng. Apply 18 Eaat Bt. ¦
STRONG boy to learn the bakery trade.
Wheeland's Bakery. 2232; Mission st.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply 725
Fourth st. San Rafael; telephone Red 15. ;
YOUNG man with pome experience In butcher
business. Apply 1103 Scott st.
WANTED— A bootblack at 1405 Polk street.
PIANO player for. the country, to play alone
122 Fourth st.. '
WANTED— First class cook. $12 per week; res-
taurant 206 McAllister st
_— -j . . 1
WANTED— A day cashier. 29 Stockton st
WANTED— Good waiter at Golden West Hotel
68 Ellin st ¦
WANTED— A waiter at 221 Grant ave. ¦
$S0— 2-CHAIR shop: rent $5; receipts $25. Ap-
ply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh St.
GET your shoes half-soled . while waiting. 26c
to 50c. 562 Mission st... bet 1st; nnd 2d sts.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 am. v v ;
WANTED— 2 boys for Jewelry trade. 17 Lick
place. Lick House; R. BUGANNOFB*.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & BON.
16 O' Fan-ell st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. Ban Fran.
-,--¦, M j^g ELL ANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought ft
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st; tel. Jessie HI.
WANTED— Upright piano for caah. H. 1_
WHITEHEAP. 1710 Market st.
JM^OXEy TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
mov , al : or any other eood security; payabl*
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owo a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
«re; avoid red tare and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call S8-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
* Second Mortgages
;;•'•" Interest in Estates
.... Undivided Interest in Real Estate ....
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
BOlved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
arrora to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lo*e
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will b« better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st
AJCT amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business elae-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2t Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages. Hie Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 816 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Eranch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWXSTOXE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low i-ates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% undi-
vided lnts; estates. HARPER. 297 Parrott Ddg.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott bulld-
lnc: men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried people without security; all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg Co., 222 Sansome st, r.J.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
dentlal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Aeency. 143 Phelan ble.
—^ "^ i^^— — » — — — ¦ — — — — — — — _»¦ — — . — — — — — _.^
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
nnd retail piano house west of Chicago;
agents peerless Heine and Hallet & Davis.
Boston's oldest and most famevs piano, and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase. ,
8 Heine uprights $327
1 Mason & Hamlln 300
2 Stelnwaya 191
1 Chickoring 165
1 Marshall & Wendell C
1 Emerson S3
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st; open
evenings.
THE old reliable Decker & Son pianos; estab-
lished in 1S56; are found not only in the par-
lors of the wealthy, but also In the families
where a first-class article is desired without
being obliged to pay an exhorbltant price.
They can be had in small sizes with plain
case at a figure within the reach of most
any on?, and as the tone and action Is the
best, they are real bargain?. We sell them
on payments If desired. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 709 Market st
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.*s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the b*.3t
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway auy timo
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some gooi
pianos for $3. S4 and $i per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealer*, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth ¦_, Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY th»> oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 28.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BARGAIN LIST.
Conover Walnut, Behr Bros, mahogany. Ster-
ling walnut. Bacon ebonized. Hallett &. Davis,
Haines Bros., at sacrifice; $140 up. BENJ.
CURTAZ & EON. 16 O'Farrell st, Chfckertns
agency.
NEUMAN upright. $7;; Sherwood. $S5: Peek.
$1CO; other bargains. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shoninger agency.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornunp. 216 McAllister.
BOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Splel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. 30S Post st.
FINE large 3-pedal upright piano; must be sac-
riflced In 5 days; leaving city. 332 Turk st
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market
A BARGAIN: must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st, next Hib. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck> Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Post
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
GOOD German piano teocher: lately arrived:
lessons, month $5. 216 Golden Gate ave.
I r *^**"
OIL..
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country corrr«ooni1eTico solicited.
~~ OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River field for
sale; no stock proposition; no wildcat scheme;
this is sure territory in the largest and best
known field in California. It you want to form
a company buy good land on the line of the
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN & SOMES.
8. C. MASON, agent, room 101. Chronicle bid.
A FORTUNE for $500— The first U. S. patent
oil land en the market In 20-acre tracts: send
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLY. 916 Market st. San Fran-
cisco: phone Black 5215. »
~~ PALMISTRY. ~~
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palrr.lst 515
Taylor st, bet Geary and Post; teL Black 581.
MME. NEERGAARD, 7W Post: tel. Hyde 2332:
hours 1 to S eve., and Sunday by appointment
PATENTS, AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. J^tryer. Examiner b:»
~ PISIISO.NALS.
YOUNG man who assisted lady who fell from
Hayes-st car on Nov. 1, please call at Palace
' Hotel Barber Shop.
MASQUERADE costumes, play ¦ books, wigs;
country orders solicited. GOLDSTTNE & CO.,
733 Market st.
OPERA hair styles; the very newest: only T-c
doll wigs a. specialty: also hair ornaments,
switches. $1. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792;
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed: uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty: flne up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS., 318 and 320 11th st
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms:
23c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
other diseases, specialist In head trouble and
rheumatism: pamphlet gent free. 843 McAllistr.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward" $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. U17 Market st. 'be-
tween. Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica is a superb hair tonic-
unsurpassed; S5c bottle. 123 Stockton rt
FINE suits, $10: dress pants. $3 75. I»iISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery Bt.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 830 Kearny st. near Pine.
MRS. Dr. James • positively cures rheumatism
without drugs or medicine. 23 Eddy, rm. 30.
PERSONALS.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys »«^jjous halraml
moles; trial free. MIS3 EATON. U» Sutter.
USE LEDERER'S Foamo frhampoo. It will
keep your hair fresh and clean: 5c pacica,e.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
$1 25 a^palr: guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists. m
BUT your coal of LANGE & GOLF, successors
to W.H.Wiseman. 1711 Sacto.: tel. Sutter 2776.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tftilor-
lngr Co.. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gnr
hair to Its natural color; $1: at all druggist*.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The "Weekly Call. 1*
pages. In wrapper, for mailing. »1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1021Vfe Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
real estate city — for sale.
b^l^win~_Thoweiju *~~~~
10 Montgomery Street.
$8300— Rents $S3: price reduced to make quick
sale; 2 houses and rear cottage; McAllis-
ter st. close to Laguna; a safe Invest-
ment
%ZZOO— Rents $63; Natoma st. near 6th: coal
yard and four Hats; lot 2Sx~5: pays 1 P** 1
cent
$2200— Your own terms; new 5-room and batn.
reception hall, etc.; cottaze built on cor-
ner lot; Laguna st, near Lombard; owner
must Mil.
£00 CASH— RENTS $37 SO PER MONTH.
Beautiful modern flats, located in the Mission ;
finest chance for homo-seekers ever offered;
you pay us $500 cash down and $37 50 per month*
this includes Interest and principal; In other
words, you pay us for what the flats rent for:
you buy the property for your rent money.
JCCOO— RENTS JCOO PER ANNUM.
Splendid Inside downtown, centrally located
business and Investment property; one-half,
block from Market and 5th sts. ; store below.
two floors above: inveslgate this; & close offer
mi_ht be entertained.
$7000— RENTS $818 PER ANNUM.
S flats on north, sunny side of Hayes st. near
FlHmore; largo lot. 27:6x137:6; pays well.
$32.500— McAllister st. opposite New City
Hail: lot 50xS7:6; substantial frame Improve-
ments.
$4250— MAKB OFFER.
Cheapest two-story 9-room and bath residence
for sale on Eddy st. : splendid block: surround-
ings first class; street work done; lot 23xl37:t>;
mortgage S250O can remain.
$11,000— RENTS $110 PER MONTH.
Three newly finished modern flats. 7 rooms
and bath each, looking Into Golden Gate Parl^;
surrounded by nice homes; convenient to a.l
cars; street bituminlzed; lot 25x106:3; this is a
new. clean and safe Investment for your money.
$14,500— IXSIDE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Substantial 3-story business bulldlne: »tor»
and two floors above; rents $1080 per year; busi-
ness thoroughfare; mortgage $3C00 can remain:
nothing better for the money.
$2S00— MARINE VIETOT HOME.
Splendid 2-story house of 6 rooms ana bath,
on Jones st. near Union-st. cars; excellent
marine view.
JSSO-OWNER MUST SELL*
Owner wants cash at once; one or two »po
lots for $350; Elizabeth St.. near Diamond; lot
26x114; very desirable for a bom- " '_
Jl^OO.
Cheap home near Union and Lagnna; cottaee.
5 rooms and bath.
$1050.
Only one-half a blcc!t from Market and 17th
sts and Castro-st. cars; 15 minutes to City
Hall; two-story house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
40 feet front
BALDWIN & HOWT11*
10 Montgomery »t
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
Opposite new Park entrance
....Rare chanc© for home builders and in-....
vestment seekers; choicest building
lots on very easy payments; on
.the H-st. electric cars and fronting
..Golden Gate Park and th/» new 12th-ave...
....boulevard; lots and streets on official — .
..grades; macadamized; plank sidewalks; gas..
and water service; low prices
Bound to increase in value
..Your own terms; interest enly 6 per cent..
Honey advanced for building purposes
The costliest and handsomest medern houses
..In Sunaet District are now being occupied..
.....and constructed on the new 19th ave.....
boulevard; call at once at our branch....
.....offlce (opon week days. Sundays and.....
....holidays), corner of II st. and 9th ave
..south of Golden Gate Park, and ask to be....
..shown these beautiful lots. Full particulars..
and price lists also at our offlce
BALDWIN & HOWELL.....
10 Montgomery st...
A HOME LOT
FOR YOU
TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS CASH
Price $220; only $23 cash, balance small
monthly payments; a splendid opportunity to
commence and secure a future home.
• GLEX PARK TERRACE
Vt block from electric cars; only 25 mlnufj
from City Hall; maps and full particular*
at office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL
— -10 Montgomery st -
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE A CO.
633 MARKET STREET.
BIG MISSION INVESTaiE^T.
$12,»0O— 6 fine modern flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
2 stores with 4 rooms; total rents $ltt)
per month; on Fifteenth st
STOCKTON-STREET INVESTMENT.
J11.0C0— Rents $160 per month; 4 frontages: U
flats and dwelling.
SCOTT-STREET FLATS.
$3,500— Three modern flats of 5 and ( rooms
and bath; porcelain bath: tile mantels,
etc.; rents $937 per annum; lot 23x106 .»
feet
NEW MISSION CORNER FLATS.
$5,600— Two flats and store on Noe st; lot 23a
100 feet
BRODERICK-STREET BARGAIN.
14,750— Lot 60x90 and 11-room house; near Bush
street
LOVELY MODERN MISSION FLATS.
J3.&00— Two attractive well-built modern flat^:
porcelain tubs: tile mantels, etc.; con
arrange any terms desired.
MISSION WARM BELT HOME.
$2,730— Well-built honse of 8 rooms and ba!h
on Lexington, near Twentieth st
PACIFIC-STREET HOUSE.
$2,200— House of 7 rooms; rent $13 per month:
near Larkin st
CHEAP LOTS.
$2.E00— Southeast corner Germanla and Fill-
mere stu.
$1.3C0— Carl st, near Stanyan: 25x137:6 feet;
fine level Ashbury Heights lots on Tre-
mont ave. at your own price on any
terms desired.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street
OWNERS cf property In the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California
street. S. F. Savings Union building.
TO owners of lots north of the Park, between
First and Twentieth avenues. Lake and D
streets— I have caJs for lots; I hare sold
everything that was very cheap that I had
to offer. Parties wanting to sell are asked
to call. I want a nevr list of property. W. J.
GUNN, S30 California st. between Montgom-
ery and Kearny.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J
GUNN. S30 California st
$£2y>— JUST flnished: a large 9-room residence,
containing salon parlors, dining-room and re-
ception hall, highly decorated 3 wood man-
tels, kitchen, sinkroem. 5 bedrooms and la rjja
hard-finished basement; on Waller st. X
block from Haicht b-tween Pierce and Scott:
terms, one-quarter cash, balance $43 monthly
at * per cent.
SPLENDID chance for Investment: flne corner
on Harrison and Langton sta. ; fine new 3-story
building, with all modern Improvements; com-
plete In 2 weeks. For Information apply to
owner on premises. J. MCCARTHY.
10-ROOM residence to be removed: 1214 Geary.
near Franklin. S. BLOOM. 406 Battery st
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnlsheu. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— TKe Weekly
Call. 15 page*, sent to any address In tha
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
REAl^ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
1C ACRES level, sandy loam: 1 inTle^frmnrPeta-
luma; 4-room hard-finished house; well; barn-
poultry houses; $1400; terms to suit; write for
fr*e list. J. W. HORN. Petalumal Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NEW -pottage. 6 rms.. bath: lot (0x100; Mission;
rental terms; and vacant Iota. 413 Kearny •_
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-W7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
ZOO Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€38 McAllister street: open until 8:J0 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until J:30 p. m.
1941 M'.rsion street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
until 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open ontll 9 p. ra.
1096 Valencia rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and tt
A. M.-lleeUng THIS ( WEDNESDAY) _4\_
EVEXING at 7:20 o'clock. Second. Kjf
degree. TlfiCO. FnOLICH. Secy. <^r A
CROCKETT Lodre No. 1S9. F. and A. M. m
Third degree THIS EVENING. Nov. Jk
n, 1.&> o'clock. By order of the W. M. )T_«
H. I'ORTRIEDE. Secretary. *** %
EXCELSIOR Lodse No. 1C6. F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting THIS OVEDNES- Jk
L'AYl EVENING. Nov. SI. 7 o'clock; VW
Second decree. I V»
TTTEO. E. SMITH. Becy.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C». F. and A. M.— ft
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _»%_
EVENING at ' :Z3 o'clock. Third de- TTJC
greo. GEO. P. FLACK. Secy. /V>
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. «£H*U_Z~
207. 1 O. O. F.— Officer- and rJGcTJ*vJ*=
members are requested to attend "^>5?4S | fes r
meeting: THLTtfDAT I7VCXIXG. *VAV*-
et 6 o'clock; nomination of officers for ensu-
ing term. T. COURSINOUX. N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate
Council No. S4. V. M. I.— You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother. JOHN RODGERS. THIS DAY
(Wednesday) at 8:45 a. m.. from his late
residence. 14S Silver St.. between Third and
Fourth; thence to St. Rote's Church, where
_ 8o!*ain requiem mass will be celebrated for
_h« repoBt of hi» soul. By order of
L. F. GUEDET. President
W. J. RILEY. Cor. Secy.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
celx-ed applications to mine by the hydrau- i
31c rroerss from F. D. Soward et al.. in the j
Undine and May Day placer mines, consoli-
dated, near Gold Lake. Sierra County, to de-
posit tailings in a worked-out pit; from Mrs.
Annie E. Jones, In the Nugget placer mine.
ti<"ar Johnsvilie, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings In Hopkins Creek; from C. D. Hai-
rard. in the Plumas Imperial Mine No. 2,
near Quincy. Plumas County, to deposit tail-
ings in Slate Creek; from David Corbett, In j
the Golfien Gate Mine, near Glbsonville, Sier- ]
ra County, to deposit tailings in Wisconsin
ravine, and from Charles Schneider, in the
American Mine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumaa
Couctr. to deposit tailings In a ravine, gives
rictlce that a meeting will be held at room
f?. Flood building, Ban Francisco, Cal., on
December 3, 19C0. at lc30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders uf the Paauhau
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. No. 327 Market St..
fan Francisco. Cal.. on SATURDAY, the lit
day of December, 1900. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing _
board of directors to rerve for the ensulnp
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness s- may come before the meeting. Tranb-
fer books will close on TUESDAY. November
SO. 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. FHKL.OO?*. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
TWO or 3 rood ad. solicitors; male or female;
holiday edition; good com. Apply HOOVER
Hall. Tenth and Market rm. 1; i-t p. m.
LADT agents; big commission; easy seller.
» to 12. 2405 Sutter ft.
ASPHALTIM ROOFING.
J. PKLTIKR. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11R6 Mlrsion: tel. FolFom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOITSET TATLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
ger — Free copy "The New Moon." "65 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. ST: Market rt.. 6th floor, room 627
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all case*; fair fees; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1&7.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, attr at law. S50 Market cor. Stockton.
j. EDW. JAKRETT. Hean=t bldg.. Third and
Market sts. ; phone Red £2C2.
APVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson, S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. P27 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no fees In advance.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pare*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
IIATI1 CAIIINETS.
P.OEINSON. Niagara. Perfection and others. W.
S. BROWN CO.. airency. 4!t Ellis St.. S. F.
UIC1 C"Lfci>— fr'or Sale or Cicluncp.
COASTER brakes rj;:o, put "oil AiXenTsoT
Larkln Et.
OOAHDI>G ion CUILDREX.
TRIVATE family would like to board _~^hiT£
Ct* Jones st. . ¦
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A CORNER batcher 6hop on Howard Et; do-
ing a first-class paying cash business; must
•sell at once; owner going in cattle buying.
EL G. WILKE, 26i* Kearny st |
SSOO— LADY partner wanted with best refer-
ences, in a large paying business; established
for many years. Particulars call R. G.
V.ILKIE. 26^ Keamy st.
A— $150; SHOEMAKER repairing 6hop on Third
et., doing from $35 to $50 work every week- a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Keamy.
A— OLD established fancy grocery, wine and
liquor store; established for years and known
tt a flrst-elass paying business; half Interest
lor sale; price $3i'.iO; retiring partner leaving
for north. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26>4
Kearny st
A— $35C0; WINE and liquor saloon doing a
splendid business; established 8 years;
choicest location on Market st; rent $100;
long leas*. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny.
A— $2300: CLEANING, dyeing works and reno-
vating of gents' clothing; established for many
years; & celar monthly profit of $250 guaran-
teed: knowledge of business not necessary; a
rare, chance, but must be taken at once. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny Et
A— $3000; SALOON on Markn st: rent $75. In-
cluding 11 furnished rooms; daily receipts
nbout $50; mercantile lunch: lea.se; flrst-clans
paying proposition. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
1*4 Kearny et
A— UOOO: HOTEL with £7 rooms, dining-room
end bar; rent $150; located 1 block from Call
building; eetablished years; known as the
best-paying eecond-daes hotel in this city;
Investigate and you will find a splendid busi-
ness. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A — $400; BUTCHER shop on Valencia et;
monthly receipts about $1200; selling 4 cat-
tle per week: low rent; owner engaged other-
wire; must sell at once. R. G. WILKE. 26>*
Kearey et
A— $1200; BAKERY, corner, in Western Add.;
crtab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
ing 4 barrels per day; S living rooms, bath;
rent $50; 5 years' lease: death of owner caute
of sale. R. O. WILKE. 26V4 Keamy st
A— $600; FINE candy store In splendid location;
nicely furnished; cheap rent; clears $123 per
month: great bargain. LANE & CO.. £66 Mkt
PARTNER wanted In an established business,
clearing $7S do. each; light work; short hours;
na exi>er. required. LANE & CO.. 865 Market
RESTAURANT: nice place for man and wife;
receipts $15 a day: low rent; see this at once;
Knap; only $225. LANE & CO.. S65 Market tt
RESTAURANT; adjoining a car house: One
opening for a man and wife or 2 ladles;money
maker; low rent; lease; rood reasons for sell-
ing; sacrifice: £200. SCHWEINHARD & CO.
817 Market ft. bet Fifth and Sixth.
A SAL/X>N with S rooms, also bar and fix-
ture*: a blocks from Call building: north of
Market; reasons departure for the East Call
for particulars at 8. BLUMENTHAL & CO
C'S and CCO M'.tf Ion st
LOANS on all kinds of bric-a-brac, statuary
curios, wedgewood. Dresden ware, Ivorys.
bronzes, silver ware and all articles of value:
lowest Interest; private entrance and room-
H7? tX l-VZF£ y: phoRe Brow «> 2«: established
IES1. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ave.
QUARTZ Gulch. Blue Stone Mining District
Alaska; fraction 400 feet. $2500; $250 down, bal-
ance payable 15th of July at Teller City
title perfect: no humbug. Address box
12S. Call offlce.
175; PARTNER In restaurant lii Oakland-
rood chance for man with small capital.
Address F,. W.. 417 Seventh rt. Oakland.
$4M: RESTAURANT; well fitted up; rood bus- ,
Sn«s; low rent; two blocks from Market Bt :
Address 3., Box 2tf, Call.
FOR sale— Hay. grain, wood and coal yard.
Oall or address 2130 Sacramento et. near
Lyon. \
ESTABLISHED hotel and liquor store for sale
In mining town; rood paying place. Box
*.*S, Call office.
A 6 A LOON for sale In good location. Apply
ii Montgomery are.
BUSINESS CnANCES—^CONTINUED.
A-$4«X); BREWERY and bottllnc works; owner
has other business: cannot attend to both;
will Fell half or whole interest Bee owner.
C05 Battery st A
A— FOR sale oi.' account of sickness; one of the
oldest and best-known restaurants and saloon;
$SOOd to $5000 required. Apply 116 Front «t
6TORE to rent in best block of Market st:
10x30, with upper floor and large basement;
bonus wanted. Box 1093, Call offlce.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good location:
Email expenses: pays good and good reasons
for selling. Call at £26 Green st. :
WANTED— Lady or gent with $100 to act as
cashier; salary $15 per week, including ex-
pt-nses; mun travel. H. S., box 2S5, Call.
SALOON for sale; located 1 block from Hall of
Justice, near Keaxny st Apply 640 Commer-
clal st.
BEST paying roadhouse In the State; must be-
6old this week: party going East. Address
W. KLUCK. Vallejo. Cal. ¦
TAILOR business, rood city trade and fix-
tures, at a bargain. Address box 339. Call.
I FOR sale— A SS-room lodging-house; price rea-
» Fonable. C48 Howard st. near Second.
FOR rale— Small restaurant, cheap. For par-
ticulars appiy box 847, Call ofnee.
$100 BUYS restaurant If sold to-day; a snap.
SCHOTTLER & CO.. 3 Eddy tit.
BAKER'S large portable eand oven. $40. 3252
Mlfelon Et
GROCERY and bar; good business; selling ac-
count sickness. 1111 Howard st, cor. Langton.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce fcr Call advertlnementa and
subscriptions has been ertabllshed at 10SS
Valencia *t.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A? Lr^viLLEY7~rocm IS. 916 Market rt.
16 rooms. $750; rent, with water, $25; Howard
st. near new Postofflce; all rented.
15 rooms, $1100; rent, with water. $65; Geanr
et : oak furniture; hot water in every roorn.
29 rooms. $1700; rent J100; one floor; Market
rt. opposite I. O. O. F. building.
Other houses, let*, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for sale or exchange. 916 Mar-
ket ¦_; or>en from 8 to 8: phone Black 5215.
A— 22-ROOM house: central $1000
10-room house; first class^. 1050
11-room house; $175; €-room fiat 325
JO-room house; Eddy; rent $75; only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
SNAP; 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market et.
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list;
fire bargains in lodging-houses. Samples:
102 rooms; rent $64; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $34; price $400. .
We loan money to buyers at 1H rer cent.
ECHWEINHARD _.- CO.. 917 Market st. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. room 1: free list;
new bargains every day in rooming-houses:
over 500: all sizes and prices. Please call.
WILL pay cash fcr lodglner-houEe of "5 to 49
rooms; must be cheap. Box 9, Call office.
A BARGAIN— House, 27 rooms and full; no
work; cheap rent. Inquire Call offlce.
$500— LODGING-HOUSE. 14 rma., newly furn.
Inquire 163 New Montgomery, cor. Howard.
FIRST-CLASS rooming house for sale, price
$S50; pays well. Address Box 823. Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO., clearance sale; low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon. $80; other
styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt nr. 9th., opp. St. Nich.
SECOND-HAND top Jump-seat rockaway, open
rubber-tire buegy and canopy-top surrey;
r.early new. O'BRIEN'S. 600 Golden Gate av.
ALL kinds of waKons. buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
f nits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed.. Fri. ev'u;
• come and be convinced. Permanently located
t!3 Eddy 6t. bet Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test business me-
dlum "and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
unt; treats all diseases at offlce or by letter;
sittings. $1. 11C4 O'Farrell et. ; take Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S test meet to-night; wigwam
"VVebster-st. sta.. Alameda: 10c; sittings to-
day, 760 Central ave.. "Webster-st. sta., Ala.
"CONSULT Watson," 15S1 Market st, near
Twelfth; medium, clairvoyant, psychic and
palmist; COc and $1.
CIRCLE to-nlrht at S sharp.lOe; readings daily.
MME. MARQUISE. 5 Hyde st, nr.McAllister.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy street.
MRS. MAXWELL, spiritual test meeting to-
night S. 123S Howard: Saturday, 10S 6th. r. 9.
MRS. DR. GILSON is located at 614 Jessie St..
near Seventh; sittings daily; circle to-night
EDW. EARLE. slate writer, removed 300 Eills,
cor. Taylor; Sunday night. Pythian Castle.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings: convincing tests to-night: 10c
— <^ _«j
CLAIRVOYANTS.
!
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
| and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
REMOVED— The great Inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and 60c: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN, 22S Fulton St.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third st. next Examiner.
MRP. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor st. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladies' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Fri., 8; dr. 25c.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1145 Market, opp.
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st.. rooms 8-10.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 25c up. S23 Mission et. nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie st
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth ft
CAUPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor wont
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st: tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 213 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 2&c per pair; carpets cleaned.
3c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Ht; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITYi Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. S8-40 8th st; teL South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 233 Golden
Gat" ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
OBOBOB W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 3in. 927 Market st
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIc7ToVm_£
Vet et, ccr. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
S3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. ra. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for beit crowns plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
.p»ri*>nee; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE VT. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
"MAIN Offlce"; New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market et. bet. Sixth and Seventh: consult
us on crowns and brldees; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without p-tn.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate." DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1841 Polk st.
DENTISTS. -v;.f
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Fear!,
warranted for 20 years ; crowns and bridge-
work- teeth without a plate; nillngs, BOc;
crowns $3 60: plates, full set, $5; all work
Painless and waVranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, if Sixth st. } ¦ ~ ' . •
PARIS Dental Parlor. 135 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $«: crowns. $3: fllllngs. 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
BOc. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL' Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DEPII. ATOBY. _
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair: will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
¦wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
ehorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $1.0; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, ehorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn In a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 63, Thurlow block, 116 Kearny st
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market s.t ; day
(tnd evening; individual instruction, $3 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
A thorough, experienced teacher of stenography
and typewriting wishes private pupils: testi-
monials; Eatisf action guaranteed.- Box 249, Call.
HE FAILED! hftd he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr, 220. Parrot bldg.
he would not; be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, aFsay. cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est 1884.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market
MUNEOX, School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy Bt.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. fth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible houeecleaning company,
eetablished 1S70; practical recommend; try
them. 1026 Oak St., removed to 419 Devi6a-
dero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Waiters, cooks.
dlshw'rs; est 1890. 419Devlsadero; tel. Page547.
JAPANESE and Chinese emDloyment offlce;
best help. S26 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Hyde 2131.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 51S3.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPIIEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
n?pe help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Rest help. 411H O'Fnrrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
BY experienced business woman, position of
trUFt. management, or soliciting for specialty
(to the trade): business references. Addrees
'"Capable," 713 Shrader St.
RELIABLE young woman wishes to do light
housework with two or three adults; Moderate
wages; no postals. Call at 731 Laurel ave.,
between Webster and Buchanan.
AN AMERICAN woman wants situation as
working housekeeper; country preferred; ref-
erences given and required. Box 247, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants situa-
tion to do cooking or housework; city or coun-
try. Box 365, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS French and German cook desires
situation; private family; wages $30. Address
1D22 Polk St., room 18.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position In a private
family for general housework. Please call or
nddress 2103 Powell et, city.
TWO Scotch girls want situations; second work;
experienced; highest references. Apply room
42, 1111 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook would
like situation In city: flrst-claes Eastern ref-
erence. MRS. R. MURRAY. 1006 Clay st.
SITUATION as housekeeper by woman with a
girl 14; country preferred. Apply 114S Mls-
eion St.. bet Seventh and Eighth.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 roonw; 25c to $1 50 night $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
WORK of any kind wanted: a good painter;
can do papering and tinting; handy with all
kinds of house tools; also stove plumbing and
gas: can furnish all tools and work at low
rates for steady Job; willing to do any work.
Address H. W. B., P. O. Fruitvale, Cal.
SITUATION wanted by a sober, industrious
and reliable man of 32 as porter. Janitor or
to make -himself useful around manufactur-
ing or business place. Please reply to F. H..
box. 307, Call offlce.
MAN and wife wish a situation In city or
country; man to do teaming and general
work: woman to do housework. Address 403
Broadway, room 20, corner Montgomery.
A BOY, 16 years of age, honest and willing,
would like a place of any kind where he
could have a home; wages no object Ad-
dress 40 Minna st
2. BOYS, recently from London, England: 15
and IS years; would like position where they
could advance. ATWELL, 701 Howard st.
BARKEEPER — First-class man; city experi-
ence and references; desires position. Address
box 253, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, practical engineer, de-
elres a situation; can run a traction engine.
Corner Fifth and Mission, corner grocery.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants pood steady Job in
restaurant in city; best of references. Box
364. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS gardei er and coachman wishes
place pruning, grafting or propagating plants;
good driver for family. Box 360, Call offlce.
BTRONG young man of good address wants
work in wholesale house. Box 3S9, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes situation In of floe: general
work; good penman. Address box 261. Call.
BUTCHER— Good block butcher; best of refer-
ences. Box 3C9. Call offlce.
SOBER, industrious middle-aged Scandinavian
wishes position as man about place and to do
chores, as gardener and carpenter; 8 years'
experience as porter and watchman; best of
references. Box 349, Call offlce.
YOUNG man. temperate, reliable and educated,
wants work at anything respectable;, prefers
Inside work. Box 345, Call offlce.
ELDERLY man .wants employment as watch-
man, Janitor of* porter; can drive horses;
handy with tools; willing to work; rood ref-
erences; fair salary expected. Box 850, Call.
COACHMAN, young man wishes position as
coachman, etc.; gocd horseman' and driver;
best of references; French descent; 6peak&
German. Box 340; Call offlce.
PHOTOGRAPHER, young man, competent In
all branches, wants position at once; salary
reasonable; references. Call or address 1223
Mission et ¦ • .
FOR . bedmaker for hotel, rooming or lodging
house; long experience in city. Reply to box
107. Call offlce. ¦-....,. . , .
SOBER middle-aged man would like a position
as watchman: references. Inquire, 416 Sixth.
WANTED— A position by a young man in a
butcher shop where he can learn to cut meat;
city or country. Box 348. Call offlce. %
PLEASANT, gentlemanly young ; college man
would .like position as private secretary = or
¦companion. Box 335. Call offlce. '
MILKERS, separators and - first-class cheese
and butter makers want ' work ; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
gomery st. • > ' ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. ' : -.-." -¦ ¦.-.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES > examined free; spectacles - properly i ad-
Justed. N. > Manasse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt.TO SAIL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' E*chan*e. San Francisco. CaL.
November 20, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich Ome. CALKINg<
* Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
7 w Strlne & w, Phila
f 8 Murphy, Colo :
Fl Hutchinson. Cal
H H Taylor. Stanford
H O Taylor, Stanford
A. W Stoddard A w,
London
Mrs <F Walker. Pa .
R Hlmrod & w. Pa
S Rosenfeld. Portland
E B White & w. Pa
W A Miller, Ky
B L Lueddemann &. w.
Or
J R Phillips. Stockton
B U Stainrnao & w. Cal
Mrs S Levy. Chlcauo
L L Rowe. Berkeley
E Worcester, Pa
C M Woods. X Y
T B Fields. London
PALACE HOTEL.
r Sammons & w, T»
coma
2 E Bryant, N Y
W R Kales & w. Jf Y
Mrs J c Talma&e, L A
\V S Talmage, N Y
H M 8herman & w. Ct
C* H Lymbery; N Y
P L McDermott. N Y
C G Youn* & w\ N Y
ft a Bently & w. Oakld
\V A Pownlngr, Belvdre
Mrs J Bean. Cal
Miss A B Bean. Cal
r J Garcia. N Y
II Llndley. Cal
J Jacobson. N Y
C O'Callahan, Mexico
CV M Welsh. Stockton
Mrs K McCann, Shasta
r S Phelus. US A
GRAND HOTEL,
C M Clemens, Or.
C \V Pendleton. Los A
C A McClurg, Coalinga
F M Kraus, St Louts
J S Ostrom&w. Whtlnd
J S Ostram&w. Whtld
J Pasholly, A T
Mrs Walker&ehld Minn
Mre.J H Martin. Minn!
Mrs O P Martin, Mlnnj
E Foynter&w, Rdwood'l
J F Horr, Florida
Ft B Butler. Fresno
fj K Schonborn, Seattle
Mrs L K Schonborn, do
Dr C E Reed&w, Cal
Miss I.. Cameron. N Y
P S Howe, Chicago
E D Ham & w, Napa
C Teafrue, Fresno
B E Squires, Seattle ,
!l H Blades & w, Los A
C E Willlard&w, N Y
J. E Koeberle, Los A
A W Maitby, Concord
F Spooner&w, Lancstr
U H Cochrane. San Rtl
K J McLean, Seattle
J M Nye. Willows
G B Hall, Sacramento
L B Paul, Portland
Miss L Lauxen. Stoktn
;R Lauxen, Stockton
A J Larson, Lcll ¦ ,-. .
S M Loplltz, N T
J W Kearth, Colusa
F Carter. Dalles. Or
W Walker. Dalles. Or
U N>ttleton&w Bpkane
H Hill & < Weavervil
Mrs M E Blthell. Sacto
Miss E Feenoy, Sacmto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I McMann. Ssokane
T E Chaney. Spokane
R H Newbcrry. S Ilosa
I H Thomas. C.imine
W H Taylor. Sacto
SV Hart. Boston
D W Crawford. Fresno
H Cook. Mies
\V Johnson. N- Orleans!
W J Scott. Chicago
J E Hall. Fla
5V F Hattlck. Bo«ton
V. Durand. Buffalo
A T Watson. W!s
1 W Cellar, Vallejo
W Miller. Santa Cruz
2 S Effgert. Nebr
U P Murn & w.' Mont
XV J Davis. AuHtralia
A Kofe. Australia
,M Johnson. Portland
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PROBABLE RATIO FOR THE
ALLOTMENT OF CONGRESSMEN
Representative Hopkins, Chairman,
of House Committee on Census,
Discusses the Matter.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20. — Represen
tative Hopkins of Illinois, chairman of
the House Committee on Census, which
committee will have charge of the legis
lation affecting the apportionment of the
House, to-day expressed the opinion that
there would be no decided effort during
the next session of Congress to decrease
the Congressional representation of the
Southern States because of the dlsfran
chisement of negroes. He said that in,
all probability the subject would be dis
cussed, but he thought that upon the
whole the committee would fa.vor the plan
of basing representation upon the number
of Inhabitants. Discussing the general
subject of reapportionment, Mr. Hopkins
said:
"The Committee on Census will meet
during the tirst week of the session to
frame a bill providing for reapportion
ment. 1 think that a proposition will be
adopted which will increase- the present
membership of the House. It has been
suggested that we authorize one member
for every 19S.00O Inhabitants. That seems
to be the ratio in general favor among
members of the committee. This propo
sition would entail an Increased member
ship of from fifteen to twenty members.
"According to calculations I have made,
this reapportionment would add members
to the House from New York and Illinois
and perhaps other State. States like
Nebraska and Maine might lose members
by the proposed law. Some of the South
ern States might also suffer from the
proposition agreed upon, although to
what extent cannot now be ascertained."
SEEK TO MOB A
JUDGE IN HIS COURT
Attorney and Constable Drive Back
an Angry Crowd at the Point
of Drawn Pistols.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20.— "Back! Stand
back! The first one who comes over that
railing is a dead man!"
"With these words and with a revoTver
in his hand to make them good Attorney
John Trainer, assisted by Constable Henry
de' Young, saved Justice Peter de Young
from being mobbed in his own courtroom
in South Holland, in Thornton Township.
The demonstration against the magis
trate was brought about as a result of
the Justice's refusing to deal leniently
with Jacob Friesma. who had been ar
rested on a charge of conducting a "blind
pig."
When the rush was made toward the
magistrate Attorney Trainer and Con
stable de Young Jumped to the Jun!ee'3
side and drew their revolvers. They com
manded the crowd to fall back, but their
orders were only partly obeyed. Then -he
attorney for the defense asked tor a
change of venue and it was granted and
the magistrate signed the paper3 while
his two friends stood over him wita their
revolvers.
COMING TO AMERICA
SOLELY FOR PLEASURE
Alfred Harms-worth, Again Denies
That His Visit Will Be for the
Purpose of Starting a Paper. .
LONDON, Nov. 20<— In spite of contra
dictions of the report that Alfred Harms
worth, proprietor of the I^ondon Daily
Mail and othenpapera, was about to visit
the United States with the intention of
establishing a Daily Mall in New York.
Mr. Harmsworth has been bombarded
with cable dispatches from New York
asking for' particulars of" his "Intended
venture. To a representative of the As
sociated Press to-day Mr. Harmsworth
said: "The object of my present trip to
the United States and Canada, like my
previous one, is holiday making pure and
simple. After visiting the Dominion I am
poinsr to Southern California and thence
to Florida for tarpon fishinpr. I shall be
accompanied by Mrs. Harmsworth, my
secretary and an automobile. I do not
wish to hear the word 'newspaper' men
tioned from the time I land from the Teu
tonic In New York December 26 to the
time of my departure from there on the
Oceanic in March, my only "desire beiner
to get a vacation, which I have not had
for several years."
LARGER APPROPRIATIONS
FOB. MISSIONAB.Y WORK
General Committee of the Methodist
Episcopal Church Sets Aside
Funds.
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— The general mis
sionary committee of the Methodist Epis
copal church met again to-day in St.
Paul's. Bishop Cranston of Portland, Or.^
presided. The order of the day called for
a' discussion and adoption of- resolutions
on China, but the committee took up the
question of appropriation of money for
the several missions. Some of the appro-
Eriations made are: Porto Rico 310 0GQ'
panteh missions in New Mexico and
Southern California. $12,000, and J1S50 for
the Spanish schools in those places -
Japanese missions on the Pacific Coast
and Hawaiian Islands. JS030; Italian mis
sions in Louisiana, $1200: same in New
England, ?1«2; same in New York City,
$4000; same in Philadelphia, $2663; same in
Chicago, $1000.
"The property will not be §old," said
the owner, Thdinas F. "Walsh, who has
just arrived hera from Parla. "Had the
prospective buyers been ready to pay over
$7,005,000 cash when the deal was flrat
talked of it is probable the mine would
have passed into their possession. Now I
have decided to retain possession of the
mine." « -¦
DENVER. Nov. 20.— Tho s*l9 of the
great Camp Bird mine- at Ouray to an
English syndicate la off.
to Dispose of It.
Property in Colorado, Decides Not
Thomas F. Walsh, Owner of the Great
CAMP BIRD MpTB
WILL NOT BE SOLD
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tldea are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third tima column the third tide and
the last or right band column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there, are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from tho
depth given by the charts. The piano of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21.
Sun rises J:58
Run sets 4:55
Moon rises (new) 6:16 a. m.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEW TORK— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Trave. for
Bremen, via Southampton; stmr Bovlc, for Liv
erpool: stmr Belgravla, for Hamburg.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II, from New York, for Naples and
Genoa. ' Sailed— Stmr Werra, from Genoa and
Naples, for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg and Boulogne, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Rotter
dam, frcm New York, for Rotterdam.-
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Car
thagenian, from Glasgow and Liverpool, via
St. John and Halifax.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
KOBE— Salted Nov 18— Br stmr Monmouth
shire, for Orejon.
NANAIMO— Arrived Nov 19— Br stmr Robert
Adamson. hence Nov 14.
PORT A IXELA1DE— Arrived Nov 13— Bark
BIk Bonanza, from Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Nov 13— Fr bark Mare
chal Vllllern. from Oresron.
SHIMONESKI-Salled Nov IS— Br Btmr Flint
shire, hence Oct 23, for Port Arthur.
LIZARD— Passed Nov 19— Br ship Rhuddlan
Castle, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
FALMOUTH— Sailed Nov 19— Ger ship Rlck
mer Rlckmer3, for Limerick.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 20-Br stmr Danube,
from Alaska.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
EASTERN PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Al-Kl. from
Skaguay. Sailed Nov 19— Stmr Dolphin, for
Bkaguay.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov 20— U S stmr Phil
adelphia, for San Francisco. '
UNION BAY— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Bertha,
from Alaska.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 20— Schrs Monterey
and Gotama. for San Franci?co.
GRAYS HARBOR— Railed Nov 19— Schr C H
Merchant, for San Francisco; Nov 20— Stmr
Newburg and schr Glendale, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr ' Robert Dol
lar, for San Francisco.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Nov 20— Etmr Na
tional City, hence Nov 19.
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Nome City,
for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Nov 20— U S stmr
Bear, from Alaska.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka; schr John A. from Grays
Harbor.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 20— Nor stmr Uni
verse, hence Nov 16. Sailed— Ft bark Europe,
for Queenstown.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Pomona,
henc© Nov 19. Sailed— Schr J B Leeds, for Ma
zatlan.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Oct 24, 8.42 S lat, 11L27 W Ion— Br ship Lev
ernbank, from Santa Rosalia, for Taltal. Per
Br ship Aicinous, Nqv 3— Fr bark J V L S.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 20—10 p. m.— Weather
thick, wind south, velocity 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Monday, Nov. 20.
Stmr Gipsv, Leland. hence this p. m., re
turned on account of blowing out of gasket.
RETURNED.
Stmr I.uo'.la. Madsen, Casoar.
Stmr Bonita. Nonander. San Pedro. ¦ .
Stmr '.ISaplre, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Giosy, Leland, Monterey.-
Stmr Mackinaw, Ltttlefleld. Seattle.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgensen. Coquille River.
Fchr Lizzie Vance, Brown. Grays Harbor.
Bchr Anna. Huhs. Unga and oodfishing.
Schr Volant, ETickson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Archie and Kontle, Skipper, Stewarts
Point.
SAILED.
, Tuesday, Nov. 20.
Stmr China, Seabury, Honolulu, Yokahama
and Hongkong.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, Nov. 20.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Etmr China, Seabury. Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong: Pacific Mall S S Co.
Schr Metha Nelson. Christiansen, Kahului;
Alexander & Baldwin.
Schr Oceania Vance, Burke, 9 days from
Hadlock.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Morris, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr A B Johnson, SeBehorst, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
five minutes' later than at Fort Point: th«
height qt tide is the same at both places.
THE MEXICAN STEAMER,, MEXICO, FORMERLY THE BRITISH
STEAMER MAXAL'ENSE, TTlAT IS TO RUN IN OPPOSITION TO THE
CURACAO TO MEXICAN AND GUI^F OF CALIFORNIA POINTS.
Mattes and Carrie Hammerschlasr to Max
Katzer, lot on N line of Post street, 87:6 E of
Scott. E 15 by N 67:6; $4250. •
John, G. W. and Minnie Schulte to Kliza
belh C. Pearl, lot on N"W corner of Halght
and Pierce etrcete, W 87:6 by N 137:6; $10.
William M. and Emily C. Wlleon to William
H. Turk, lot on N line of Sacramento street,
IS*. 6 E of Baker. E 25 by N 127:8Vi: J10.
Louis and Lottie H. Titus to Joseph J. Mason,
lot on KW corner of Union and Broderick, N
U, W 103. SW 47. E 78:9; $100.
German Savings and Loan Society to Andrew
N. Lunden. lot 22, block 4, Marion Tract (hos
pital lot); $10.
Agnes J. Bernhard (wife of John) to Harry
E., Edmund J. and Albert B. Harffrave, all
interest in estate of Henry Har&rave (de
ceased), and lot on S line of Twenty-eighth
street. 100 W of Guerrero, W 26 by 8 114; also
•lot on S line of Twenty-eighth street. 116 W
of Guerrero, w 25:8 by S 114; $600.
Joseph, Harriet, Jacob and Bertha G. Welss
bein to S. A. and Emily K. Boqulst, lot on 8
line of Twenty-third street, 175 W of Hoffman
avenue tEllen street). W 25 by S 114, lot 226,
Hey man Tract; $10.
Hugh and Clara T. Morrison to Antonio
Chichlzola. lot on N line of Pacific street, 212:3
W of Dupont, W 42 by N 92:6; $100.
Supan G. Tevis to Spencer C. Buekbee, lot
on XE line of Beale street. 187:6 SE of Folsom,
SE 60, NE 137:6, NW SO. SW 37:6, SE 20. SW 100;
also, lot on NE line of Beale street, 287:6 SK
of Folsom, SE 80 by NE 137:6, quitclaim deed;
$10.
William Giselman (as trustee under trust deed
made by S. Clinton Hastings to Thomas P.
Madden) to same, lot on NE line of Beale
Ftreet, 1*7:6 BE of Folsom, SE ISO by NE 137:6;
$58,000.
Henry W. Halleck. Archibald C. Peachy and
P. Warren Van Winkle (executors estate of
J. L. Folsom) to Mrs. Pauline Bayly, lot on S
line of Jessie street, 130 W of E line of 100-vara
lot 3. W 15 by N 87; J3S0.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to John
A. Abbott, lot on NW line of Shipley street, 100
NE of Sixth. XE 25 by NW 73, quitclaim
deed; ». '
Caroline R. Blumenberg to same, same, quit
claim deed: $10.
John A. Abbott to Kate and Michael O'Gradj\
Fame; $10. *
William P. Slattery, Mamie Ring (Clark),
Charles E. Day, Nora. Josephine and William
Clark to A. Kahn, undivided 11-12 of lot on S
corner of Brannan and Geneva 6treets, SW 34
by SE SI; $1500..
Nora Clark (guardian of person and eEtate of
Walter Clark, minor) to same, undivided 1-12 of
same; $500.
Elizabeth. Laura and Harry T. Blackwood to
George E. Bates, lot on W line of Texas street,
60 8 of Tolo. B 50 by W 100; $10.
Mary A., Alexander, Robert, May and Leila
Hamilton to California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, lot on NW corner of A street and
Fixth avenue, W 240. N 125. E 120. N 25. E 120.
S 160; grant.
Louis and Rose Llpman and London and San
Francisco Bank (Limited) to E. B. ana Emma
C. Hallett, lot on S line of H street. 95 E of
Twelfth avenue, E 25 by S 100: $10.
John N. or John A. Schneider to Margaretha
H. or Margaretta H. Schneider, lots 26 to 30,
block 14, Lakevlew; also lot on E line of Church
street, 61:6 N of Twenty-ninth, N 25 by E 100;
gift.
, Builder's Contract.
Amelia Aronson (wife of A.) (owner) with
•Fred Miller (contractor), architects, Hemen
way & Miller — Carpenter work for a steel, cast
iron and brick construction on N line of Union
Square avenue. 1*3:4 E of Stockton street, E
45.10 by N 60; $3191.
_ C. A. and Annie M. Buckley to William H.
"Wright, lot on 6 line of 'California street, 192:6
B of Buchanan, E 27:8 by S 137:6; $S00O.
Babette Schmitt to Ernestine Schmltt, lot on
W line of Buchanan street. 70 S of Sutter. S
22:6 by W 87:8; rift.
Germania S. and B. Union to Frederick A.
Ohm, lot on E line of Fillmore street, 2* S
of Waller, 8 24 by E 81:3. quitclaim deed; $1.
Heinrich Schmidt to Charles W. Bteere, lot
on S line of Kate (Herman) street, 137:6 W or
Fillmore, W 2:6, S 78, E 2:6, -N to beginning;
also lot on S line of Kate (Herman) street,
115 W of Fillmore. W 25, S 78. SE 25, N 82; $50.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Treasure Shipment.'
The China took out a treasure list of $238,
497, consisting of $.185,732 in Mexican , dollars
$4565 In gold coin and $48,200 in silver bullion '
Shipping Intelligence.
A K RIVED.
Tuesday, Nov. 21)
Stmr Alcazar," Gunderson, 48 hours from Port
Los Anzeies. .
Stmr iJreenwood, Fagerlund, 16 hours ' from
Greenwood. ¦
Stmr Ecotia, Walvi&v 39. hours from Crescent
City. . ¦— V ¦¦¦¦¦¦ .
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, 34 hours from
Ventura. • . •
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 2$ hours from Eu
reka. " .
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka
Bark Levl O * Burgess, Younggren, 7 days
from Tacoma. ¦
The Irmgard and the Edward May will load
merchandise for Honolulu; the Port Stanley,
wheat for Europe, 43s 9d, prior to arrival ; the
Rose, lumber at "Vancouver for Shanghai, own
er's account; the Poltalloeh, wheat at Port
land for Europe,"* 47s 6d, prior to arrival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Water Front Notes.
The Shenandoah has to receive a gen
eral overhauling. She will be recoppered
from the thirteen-foot mark up and will
be fixed up from truck to keelson.
The ship Henry Vlllard has been pur
chased by Hind, Rolph & Co. for the
Hawaiian-Australian trade. She Is now
on her way from Savannah to Honolulu
to load sugar fox San Francisco.
The steamer Valencia has arrived from
Nome. She will be refitted with new
boilers before going to sea again.
There will be an interesting discussion
at the meeting of the Harbor Coramis.
sioners to-day. Mission-street wharf has
been vacated by Williams. Dimond & Co
and there are half a dozen applicants for
it. All of them will be heard at the
meeting to-day.
The steamer Hyades, now on her way
from New York to San Francisco with a.
cargo for Williams, Dimond & Co has
been chartered for two years by the Pa
cific Coasf Company to carry coal from
Puget Sound to San Francisco. m
Departure of the Steamer China.
The China sailed for the Orient yester
day. She took away a number of mis
sionaries and about 120 cabin passengers.
The China carries a general cargo, valued at
J179.145, manifested as follows; For China,
$105,100: Japan, *4"."99; Manila, 915.674; East
Indies, U894; Vladivostok, $2816: Korea. $862.
The following were the. principal shipments:
For China— 25 cb absinthe. 80 cs. bottled beer,
9357 lbs bread. 12,375 Ib8 cheese, 1317 r.a canned
{roods, 1530 lbs chocolate, 450 lbs dried fruit,
8390 bbls flour, 2S0 bxs fruit, 4 drums glycerine,
$414 lbs ginseng, 2514 pkg-s groceries and pro
visions, 14,166 lbs ham and bacon, -15 bxs
lemons. 8 pkgs machinery, 525 crs potatoes, 14
pkRS photo good?, 7S0O lbs p*arl barley, 6 era
stoves, 2 bbls whisky. 3200 g-als wine.
For Japan— 6 cs arms and ammunition, 3 crs
agricultural implements, 600 bales cotton, 73S
cs canned Roods, 1500 lbs coffee. 12,220 lbs dried
fruit, 875 bbls flour, 1032 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 31 bales hose, 11 bales hay, 60 rolls
4 pkgs leather, 15C0 lbs mlllstuffs, 10 pkgs pipe
and fittings, 100 bxs raisins, 10 cs rubber shoes,
1100 lbs sugar, 25 ca soap, 216,492 lbs soda, 10 cs
salmon.
For Manila— <S cs photo goods, 14 pkgs plumb-
Ing material, 4 crs forges, 60 cs canned Roodrf,
8 cs salmon, 26 cs stationery. 21 cs typewriters,
15S4 gals wine, 1100 gals beer, 10 cs playing
cards. 40 bxs lemons, 15 billiard outfits, 150 cs
2 bbla whisky, 125 bxs apples, 50 bxs oranges,
S500 era potatoes, 1700 crs onions.
For East Indies— 1706 gals wine, 755 cs sal
mon, 669 cs canned goods, 94 cs sugar. 17 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 16 bxs fruit, 30 crs
bookcases.
For Vladivostok— 250 lbs Boap, 67 pkgs photo
goods, 10 ca carbons.
For Korea— 7 cs stationery, 71 pkgs groceries
and provisions. '
Relief Light Vessel Wanted.
Uriel Sebree, commander, U. S. N., and
inspector of the coast hydrographlc force,
has written a letter to the Chamber of
Commerce in which he discusses reasons
why a lightship should be stationed off
this port and the efforts made by the
Lighthouse Board to maintain this Impor
tant safeguard to navigation. He says
that there should be a relief light vessel
on this coast, and he hopes that all inter
ested will do what they can to backup
the recommendations of the Lighthouse
Board to Congress to obtain the appropri
ation to build one.
- 1. •
Doric Behind Time.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company was looking for the. steamer
Doric Monday night, but 6he is now
known to have had 900 tons of freight for
Honolulu and that probably delayed her.
She Is looked for early this morning.
Steamer Mexico, Formerly the Man
auense to Sail Saturday Week.
The Mexican steamer Mexico, better
known as the British steamer Manauense,
will inaugurate a new line to the Gulf of
California next Saturday week. She may
have to go out under the British ffcig as
her Mexican registry has not arrived, but
should it not come on time she will hoist
the Mexican flag at Guaymas.
Captain von Helms, who was for years
on the steamers of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, will command the
Mexico. He is known all over the Gulf
and will run his ship to the best advan
tage. The Mexico will not call at San
Jose del Cabo and Magdalena Bay. but
will instead take in San Bias and Man
zanillo.
The Curacao, which runs under the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company's flag,
will make the round trip in twenty-one
days and the Mexico expects to cover the
distance in the same time.
OPPOSITION LINE TO MEXICO.
fi?-nf<HE United States transport Lo
1 gan. is minus three of . her engl-
I neers. The chances are that three
11 members of the Marine Engineers'
Association will take their places.
It is an ill wind that blows nobody good.
There were disagreements on the Logan
during her last voyage and the trouble
culminated a few days ago. Chief Engi
neer Kold and his staff and Dr. Water
house and Chief Officer Hopkins have not
been on the best of terms— so "tls said.
Things came to a climax when Chief Kold
sent a sick fireman to the doctor for
treatment and the latter sent him back
to the flreroom saying there was nothing
the matter with him.
Now, Chief Engineer Kold is an athlete
and a boxer of no mean ability. When in
port he is always boxing with some well
known pugilist or exercising at the Olym
pic Club. He Is like Pitzsimmons. big
and bony, and strikes a blow like the
kick of a mule, so the firemen say.
When the fireman went back and ¦ re
ported to his chief the latter at once took
the man back to the doctor. "Did you
say this man was not sick?" queried
Kold.
"I did," answered the doctor.
Then the chief engineer made the man
strip and show a number of sores on his
chest and back. .
"Do you mean to say that man Is nt
to work?" heathen asked.
"I say he is not."
"Then I'm a liar? suggested the doc
tor . •
"If you want to put it that way, yes,"
and as the chief said this, the doctor rose.
The chief engineer's left shot out and
the doctor was hors de combat. Just at
that moment the chief officer came along
and right behind him were the first and
second assistant engineers. There was a
general mix-up and Chief Officer Hopkins
got the worst of It. Then there was an
investigation and now Chief Engineer
Kold Is going East to enter business on
his own account, First Assistant Kngl
neer Benford is going East to take charge
of a large yacht and Second Assistant
Kalllsher is going East to visit his rela-
Thls'is the story told aboard the Logan,
but the officials on the transport assert
that no blows were struck and that it was
a "Quiet and orderly row." In any event,
the three engineers are going East and
Dr. Waterhouse and Chief Officer Hop
kins are not on exhibition.
Chief Engineer and Two Assistants Have Resigned
and Others of the Crew Are in Mourning.
TROUBLE AMONG THE OFFICERS ON
UNCLE SAM'S ARMY TRANSPORT LOGAN
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 20.— Delegate* repre
senting 1 thirty-seven Industrial organiza
tions, local and national, called together
to take action looking to the passage of
Senate bill No. U39. better known aa Cui
lom's bill to amend the Interstate com
merce, law, to-day adopted a memorial to
Congress which says:
"This Is a measure In wjilch the busi
ness Interests of the country are mora
largely concerned than In any other that
has recently been brought to the atten
tion of Congress, and Its enactment will
more directly affect a larger number of
citizens than any other now pending. The
bill has been before the public during the
past twelve months and has been freeiy
discussed in the public press with almost
unanimous approval, it has been formal
ly Indorsed by nearly all the commercial
bodies of the country of any Importance
and the demand for its Immediate enact
ment from all sections of the country
seems to be universal. This convention,
therefore, earnestly desires that your
honorable bodies will give this measuro
the precedence to which Its Importance
seems to entitle It and afford speedy re
lief to the public from prevailing evils in
the transportation of the country which
the present law has proved Inadequate to
remedy, by the early enactment of the
aforesaid bill."
Resolutions were adopted providing that
an executive committee of five members
be appointed by the chairman with full
power to take such action as It may deem
best to carry out the purposes of the con.
ventlon.
The resolutions also recommend * that
each body represented In the convention
send one or more delegates to Washing
ton upon the reassemb'ing of Congrress for
the purpose of exerting their personal
Influence and secure the co-operation of
the Senators and Repiesentatlves from
their respective States In the early enact
ment of the Cullom bill. All the commer
cial and Industrial organizations through
out the country are invited to unite in
thi3 movement.
Memorial to Congress Is
Adopted at a Meeting of
Commercial Men. :
Delegates Representing Thirty-Seven
Industrial Organizations, Local
. and National, Hold a Session
at St. Louis.
URGE PASSAGE
OF CULLOM BILL
United Btate3 Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times 'and Heights .of High 'and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
¦ Francisco - Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent, -
NOTE— The high and low.waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, T WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21* 1900.
11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay. .Nov. 21
Columbia Portland . Nov. 21
Corona. Newport Nov. 21
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Nov. 21
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 22
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 22
Czarina Seattle Nov. 22
South Portland Seattle Nov. 22
Santa Rosa San Diego.... Nov. 22
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 22
Newburg ". Grays Harbor Nov. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena... Nov. 22
Pomona Eureka . Nov. 22
City of Puebla. Victoria......... Nov. 23
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Nov. 23
Willamette .... Seattle Nov. 24
Nome City Cape Nome Nov. 24
Bonita Newport. Nov. 25
Progreso Tacoma Nov. 25
Queen San Diego Nov. 2o
Eureka Humboldt....? Nov. 25
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Nov.
Mattewan Tacoma ?: ov - £?
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 2o
G. W. Elder... Portland Nov. 26
Arcata Coos Bay ; Nov. 2t>
Nippon llaru... China and Japan Nov. 27
Curacoa Mexico |Nov. 27
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
Arcata ..... Coos Bay Sow 21, 12 m Pier 13
O Dollar... Grays Harbor Nov. 21. « j-m Pi«r 2
Queen San Diego Nov. 21. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla .. Victoria Nov. 22. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka .... Humboldt Nov. 22. 9 am Pier 13
Albion Honolulu Nov. 22. 2 pm Pier 2
Marlposa .. Australia Nov. 22. 4:30 p Pier 7
North Fork Ilumboldt..... Nov. 22, 9 am Pier 3
Corona .... Newport....... Nov. 23. 9 am Pier 11
IbIs ........ HambB& way Nov. 23, — am Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 24. 11 am Pier 24
Pt <rena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 24, 2 pm Pier 2
Alilanco ... Portl'd &C.B. Nov. 24.. 9 am Pier 20
Rival Wlllapa. ...... Nov. 24, 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 24.- 2 pm Pier. 9
Ban Pedro, Humboldt..... Nov. 24. 10 am Pier .2
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 25. 9 am Pier 11
Czarina .... Seattle Nov. 23. B pm Pier S
Samoa .:... Humboldt..... Nov. 25. 10 am Pier 2
a Barbara. Humboldt..... Nov. 26. 10 am Pier 2
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Nov. 2fi, 6 pmiPler 3
City Puebla Victoria.. Nov. 2". 11 amlPier 9
Bonlta ..... Newport....... Nov. 27, 9 amjPier 11
Doric ...... Cnina&Japan Nov. 2& 1 pm PMSS
Acapulco .. New York..'... I Nov. 2S. 12 mjPM.SS
U lime lime lime lirne
¦ 1 Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft. | Ft.
a L YVI H W ;L. W H W
1 ...| 3:4S 2.9 10:04 5.7 5:00—0.3
H W L W H W L. TV
12... 0:10 4.3 4::6 3.0 10:32 5.7 5:35—0.5
!3 ... 0:53 4.4 5:07 3.2 11:04 5.8 6:13—0.5
•A ... 1:35 4.5 5:52 3.2 11:43 5.7 6:54—0.6
B ... 2:22 4.6 6:42 3.2 12:25 5.5 7:36—0.4
« ... 3:06 4.8 7:41 3.2 1:18 6.2 8:22—0.2
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay. .Nov. 21
Columbia Portland . Nov. 21
Corona. Newport Nov. 21
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Nov. 21
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 22
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 22
Czarina Seattle Nov. 22
South Portland Seattle Nov. 22
Santa Rosa San Diego.... Nov. 22
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 22
Newburg ". Grays Harbor Nov. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena... Nov. 22
Pomona Eureka . Nov. 22
City of Puebla. Victoria......... Nov. 23
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Nov. 23
Willamette .... Seattle Nov. 24
Nome City Cape Nome Nov. 24
Bonita Newport. Nov. 25
Progreso Tacoma Nov. 25
Queen San Diego Nov. 2o
Eureka Humboldt....? Nov. 25
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Nov.
Mattewan Tacoma ?: ov - £?
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 2o
G. W. Elder... Portland Nov. 26
Arcata Coos Bay ; Nov. 2t>
Nippon llaru... China and Japan Nov. 27
Curacoa Mexico |Nov. 27
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
Arcata ..... Coos Bay Sow 21, 12 m Pier 13
O Dollar... Grays Harbor Nov. 21. « j-m Pi«r 2
Queen San Diego Nov. 21. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla .. Victoria Nov. 22. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka .... Humboldt Nov. 22. 9 am Pier 13
Albion Honolulu Nov. 22. 2 pm Pier 2
Marlposa .. Australia Nov. 22. 4:30 p Pier 7
North Fork Ilumboldt..... Nov. 22, 9 am Pier 3
Corona .... Newport....... Nov. 23. 9 am Pier 11
IbIs ........ HambB& way Nov. 23, — am Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 24. 11 am Pier 24
Pt <rena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 24, 2 pm Pier 2
Alilanco ... Portl'd &C.B. Nov. 24.. 9 am Pier 20
Rival Wlllapa. ...... Nov. 24, 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 24.- 2 pm Pier. 9
Ban Pedro, Humboldt..... Nov. 24. 10 am Pier .2
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 25. 9 am Pier 11
Czarina .... Seattle Nov. 23. B pm Pier S
Samoa .:... Humboldt..... Nov. 25. 10 am Pier 2
a Barbara. Humboldt..... Nov. 26. 10 am Pier 2
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Nov. 2fi, 6 pmiPler 3
City Puebla Victoria.. Nov. 2". 11 amlPier 9
Bonlta ..... Newport....... Nov. 27, 9 amjPier 11
Doric ...... Cnina&Japan Nov. 2& 1 pm PMSS
Acapulco .. New York..'... I Nov. 2S. 12 mjPM.SS
U lime lime lime lirne
¦ 1 Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft. | Ft.
a L YVI H W ;L. W H W
1 ...| 3:4S 2.9 10:04 5.7 5:00—0.3
H W L W H W L. TV
12... 0:10 4.3 4::6 3.0 10:32 5.7 5:35—0.5
!3 ... 0:53 4.4 5:07 3.2 11:04 5.8 6:13—0.5
•A ... 1:35 4.5 5:52 3.2 11:43 5.7 6:54—0.6
B ... 2:22 4.6 6:42 3.2 12:25 5.5 7:36—0.4
« ... 3:06 4.8 7:41 3.2 1:18 6.2 8:22—0.2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Portieres
We are displaying in our
big windows a number of Por-
tieres of pleasing patterns and
present styles. Each individ-
ual in character, artistic and
fetching in general make-up —
yet very modestly priced.
¦
Tapestry Portieres.... $1.50
Chenille • Portieres $.2.50
Roman Stripes ...$2.75
Rope Portieres $2.50
Mercerized and Silk.. .$10 to $18
Schtuetei;
21S-217 Sutter Street, Above Kearny.
STEAMERS TTILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MART7 -
Thursday, December 8. 1300
SS. AMERICA X1ARU ...... ir"—"~"~^
Saturday, December 23, 1900
Via Honolulu-
SS. HONGKONG MAR17 ZZ-'-'-L.
Thursday. January 2*. l*t
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelKht and passage apply at company* • offtcs.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General A«et»t-
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
McAUOY «Jfc CO..
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1233 Market ft., between 'fh and 2th.
Telephone South 247.
COPAIIT.VERSHIP NOTICES.
L. T.' KEXN^n<TfIERMA5f both of
the City and County of gan Francisco, have
this day Joined thetnselrec in a cop*rtner«hip
«ind>r the firm name and style of FENN &
DINNER MFG. CO. Nov IS. U00.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
!7 and 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 1O.
IC-SEEAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERi.
Finest Equ' lent at Moderate Rates.
DIVIDEND SOTICKS.
LivibEND- Notice— Dividend No. 111> (flftr
f>nu r*T share) of the OeanJc Steamship
'Viinpany will be payable at the office of the
• "mpany, ZT! Market St.. on and after Satur-
day. D*cvmlv«r I. ISpOO. Transfer tx»oks will
ol/,-se on Saturday, November 14. 1900. at II m.
E. H. FHELDON. Secretary.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters: any make.
Write for i Mm to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
113 Montgomery ft.
ttuccesscr to Flannasran & Gallagber> *
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2ft Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln Schovl.
' Telepbon« South M.
HENRY <J. GALLAGHER CO.,
TVPEWRITERSi AJfD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAROAIX8 IN TYPEWRITERS— We
•^ii bciur machines for less meney than any
hr.use in the city: rentals. $:. The Tj"P* writer
Kxchcnre. r,36 <"fcHfornia; telephone Main 2CC.
PACIFIC i*t«3r«xe end Furniture Moving Com-
r*ny. 2C2-J Fillmore St.: phone Jackson zei.
"WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
Men. Tenth and Market; phone South 7«.
STORAGE A>"D WAREHOUSES.
PEk'INS Van end Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
t»l. Main 1S40; shipping *t cut rates.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
<".i*piar: very cheap. 1167 MarkM.bet. 7th & 8th.
SLOT .MACHINES
ALL kinds bought, eold and repairing guaran-
t«--d. Charlwr Plpmbeck. 1J15 Mission, nr. ISth
BOUGHT. Bold, rented, repaired; needles and
thuttlcs: reduced rates. Hi Cth; phene Mint j>.
MSUI.NG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates: open e\-en. 205 Fourth.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS ra4res. In ynipptr. for mailing, tl per year.
r.OOMS pM«r*d from S2 M; whlt-ned. U up:
painting- done. Hartman Paint Ca, 219 Third.
PILEP— PETER FREILINOS pile salve. $1 p( . r
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
pilee without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1C8 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41S Montgomery et.. rooms »-l0; tel, 5T.R0.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
TVANTEP— Two cr three furnished^or^partiy
furnished runry rooms for housekeeping, two
or three blocks from the Call building- state
t»nr«. Box 2W>. Call effloe.
ROOMS WASTED.
oaRD and rooms at 415 First et.. near Har-
rir^n.
£ni-R<~T family hotel: new interior: three spe-
cial dinners weekly; rates to establish. 8C7
California £t.
ROOMS AM) HOARD.
A BT1AXCH office for Call advertisements and
«'jb«rriptlcns has been established at 10H
Vs!*n<-!a Ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
reived at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
VAN NESS. 1100— Nowly furnish^ sunny
rwmt; very convenient; large closet*.
THIRTIETH. 279—3 nice sunny furnished
rooms to let; fine view; private family.
BHCT&, 136— Furr.irhed room, suitable for gen-
tlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth et.,
nf-ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
KOPEDALE House. 31» and 321 Ellis st— Rooms,
right -5c to 11. wt«k tl 25 to $4; op^n night.
ROYAL Hous». 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, tracking-room and lsdies' par-
lor; rooms. r*r night. Z^r to $1 50; week. S2 to
i l : month. JS to $30; elevator on ground floor;
ivimt with hot and «~cH water: baths.
OFARKELL. 2^— Sunny famished rooms and
office: elevator: pl<»otric lights; dsy, wk.. mo.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a wee"k up; C5c a d*y up.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— New furnished*'
hay-window room, $1 per week: transient.
Mf-CLELLAND, 2 r i0 Turk st.— Changed hands;
nearly renovated: all rooms facing either
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or *
rms.: privet*: bath; tin. rms; board optional.
HARRISON. 7S44, roar Fourth— Finely fur-
r.ish^d sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
horn«!!k«>; private ; fl a we*k vp.
BOWaBft K«3Mr—N*»ly furnished sunny frtmt
bty-vfadow room; very reasonable; also
r-thers.
GRAND SOUTHERN, •eutheast corner Seventh
ar<1 Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
fir.gle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GEARY. 4«5 (TheNavarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
FOLSOM. 9C5, cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms., single, suites; reasonable.
CLAY. 1C26— 3 large unfurnished rooms in
pood order, for housekeeping, $8.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respeci-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 an>l 29
Kifth street.- thence to St. Joseph's Church,
when* a reqnlem high ma*s will be celebrated
fcr the repose of her soul, at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery'.
O'KEEFFE— In this city. November 20. 1900.
William, beloved son of Peter K. and Mary
O'Keeffe. a. native of San Francisco, aged 3
years and 7 months.
PEARCE— In this city. November 20. 1900. Sam-
uel J., beloved son of John and Ruth Pearce,
a native of Oakland, aged 3 months and 3
days.
KOGERS-ln this city, November 20. 1900.
John Rogers, beloved husband of Lillle Rog-
ers, and father of Charles J. Ropers and
brother Of Terry, James and Michael Rogers
and Mrs. J. Brady, a native of County Ca-
CyThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence. 13?2 Geary street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
KELLY— In this city. November 19,- 1900, Louis
Edward, beloved con of Margaret and the
late William Kelly, and brother of Michael,
Thomas. William and Mary Kelly and Mrs.
E. Goldstein, a native of San Jose. Cal., aged
28 years.
K^The funeral will take place -4his day
«Wednesday). at 10 o'clock, from Et. Boniface
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MORROW— In this city, November 19, 1900.
Iran Wlllard, Infant son of Thomas and Ella
Morrow.
MORSE— In this city, Norember 19, 1900,
Charles Percy, beloved and only child of
Charles Percy and Mabel Smith Morse, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 months and 1»
days.
CTTbe services will be held this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from S2S Grove
street. Interment private.
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital,
November 20. 1S00, Cornelius Murphy, a native
of New York, aged 50 years.
O'BRIKN— In this city, November 19, 1900. jt
fit. Mary's Hospital, Elizabeth, beloved wife
cf John O'Brien, mother of Viola and Wil-
liam O'Brien, daughter of Mrs. K. Mlskell,
ar.d eieter of Mrs* Harry Seguine. Mrs. J.
Storms and William and Frank Miskell, a
native of New York, aged 24 years.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
GRIFFIN— In this city, November 13. 1300, Jere-
miah Griffin, a native of Ireland, aged 67
years.
HONIGSBERGER— In this city. November 20,
1900. Louis Honlgfb(»rger, beloved father of
Mrs. J. O. HirschfeMer and Mrs. E. I*. Frank
of New York, a native of Floss, Bavaria,
ac»rt M years 2 months and S days.
CTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 116 Hawthorne street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
BURKE— In thU city. November 20, 1900, at his
residence, 605 Buchanan street. Thomas F.,
dearly beloved son of Thomas and Cassie
Burke, and brother of Rosie and Annie Burke,
Mrs. Ellie Sullivan and Mrs. Albert Haller, a
native cf Pan Francisco, aged 26 years 4
month* and 25 days.
ICTFrieniiB and acquaintancpg are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from Gray's un-
dertaking parlors, 641 Sacramento etreet. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
BREPL1N— In this city. November 19, 1?00, Ed-
.ward Ere«lin. beloved brother of Mrs. K.
Develin and James Breslin of Kansas City,
a native of County Donegal. Ireland, aged
61 years and 4 months. (Kansas City papers
please copy.)
tCTJ-'rlends and acquaintances are resp«it-
fuily invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-square
Hail. 421 Post street, between Powell and
Mason, under the au«pices of Hannoveraner
Vfrein. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Remains at the t-arlors of Halsted &. Co., 946
Mission street.
ASHMAN— In this city, November 20. 1P00. Wil-
liam H.. d»arly beloved husband of Margaret
Ashman, and father of William J.. Arthur
and I;ella Afhman, a native of Germany.
BAKER— In this city. November 19. 1906. Mary
A., belovel wife of the late Henry T. Hakor.
and daughter of Mrs. Anna Fams of Medical
S| rings. Or., a native of Pennsylvania, aged
25 yars. (Portland papers please copy.)
ALLDACH— In this city. .November 19. 1900, L.
It. Alldach. beloved husband of Anna All-
<Jach. father of Hubert Alldach. cousin of F.
L>. Alldach, and brother-in-law of P. Eck-
hnfT. a native of Ihlienworih, Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 23 years S months and 29 days. A
member of Hannoveraner Vereln.
DIED.
Ashman. William H. Morse. Charles P.
Alldach. L. H. Murphy. Cornelius
Baker. Mary A. O'Brien. Elizabeth
Breslin. Edward O'Keeffe. William
Burke. Thomas F. Tearce. Samuel J.
Griffin. Jeremiah Rogers. John
Honigyberger, Louis Roll. John
Kelly, Louis E. Woodson. Annie
Morrow. Iran W. Zahnd. Albert
BUSH. 120 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny nns., $1 M to V
»fk : 25c to tl 60 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BURNETT. :426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nifhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
UISEION, I129H— Front housekeeping roomi.
A.— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth— Rooms 23c
to $1 j*r nipht; $1 la to $5 per week, and light
hous*:i;»-<"p!ns; open all night.
ROO.MS TO LET — i-nrn. and Infnrn.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦iiliw ilj>H<nn has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
JACOBS— CAWFIELD— In this city. Octob»r
13, 1SGO, by Rev. J. P. Dickson. Jerod Harry
Jacobs and Emma C. Cawfield. both of San
Francisco.
McCUXE— POPKIXS— In this city, November
13, by Rev. J. p. Dicknon. William McCune
and Minnie Popkins. both of San Mateo.
PAYNTER— McGARVET— In this city. Novem-
ber 20. l?00. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson,
Erasmus Paynter and Charlotte McGarvey,
both of Redwood City, Cal.
MARRIED.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
re"#>iv«--d at Call branch office, 2200 Ffllmore st.
VAN NESS. 4<:2— Entire urper floor. 3 rooms and
bath elepantly furnished; gas range; sunny.
TURK, Ml Hiiiiny bedroom and kitchen com-
plete for hcufrfkeepir.g; ga« and hath; $13.
BORN.
BOLGER— In this city, November 1J, 1900, to
the wife of J. J. Bolger, a son.
MORROW— In this city. November 16, 1900, to
the wife of Thomas Morrow, a son.
SCHARETG— In this city. November 17, 1300.
to the wife of Walter Scharetg. a daughter.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
STOCKTON. 701. cor. California-— Two rooms
complete for h^'JM-keepir.g.
SILVER, 165. n»ar Fourtb-2 or S rooms fur-
rished for housekeeping; cheap.
POLK, 1620— An unfurnished bay-window r
fc'.so furnished room with use of kitchen.
MARKET, r.r. Mason— Laree room and klt-
rh*n, folding bed, gas, IK'. Call S42 Kearny »t.
K1NXA. 2S— Nice 6unny furnished front house-
keeping rooms; Tf-c ar.fl $1 p*r week.
rooms fur hoisi;kki;i'i.vg.
L.ARKIN. 161$. ne«.r~We.shir.F:on— Z sunny un-
furnished rooms, with carpet*.
OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Sc'iel'.haas, the
furniture denier. lTth and Frar.kiin. Oakland.
OAKLAM) HOl'SES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. VT. AUS-
TIN & CO.. 7008 Broadway. OaklarvV
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Allen C. Wright. 22. SO Joy street, and Marie
A. Koiser. IS 1 , 11 Bernard street.
Frederick Brekie, 2s, 1417 Folsom street, and
Jennie Tasini, 28, 446 Natoma street.
Tarl E. Wiggins, 21, Eyrncuse, K. T., and
Corrinc S. White, is, Sacramento.
John W. Macurdy, 28, New York City, and
Daisy Dufur. 20. SJ5 Eddy street.
George W. Griffln. 26, «05 Geary street, and
Jar.e E. Kidd. 21, 40$ Geary street.
Harry R. Bostwick. 30, city, and Emma L.
Hunt, 23, city.
Charles -Herb-rt. S4. 752 Van Ness avenue,
an<3 Annie E. McKee, 29. 360 Elizabeth street
Alfred B. Christensen, 25, 1135 Mission street,
and Lillian A. Meyers. 20, 1518 Folsom street.
Erasmus Paynter, SL Redwood. City, and
Charlotte McGarvey. JO, Redwood City
Sheldon O. Kellogg, 42, 1S2S Vallejo street,
and Annie G. Sheppard. 32. 1624 Taylor street.
Burt A. Amaya. 26, city, and Mary Maze, 24,
city.
Isaac K. Levy, 28, city, and Anita XL Schu-
mann, 27, city.
Joseph Ehle. "2. 24 Washington avenue, and
Luella Evans. 19, 124 Ninth street.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
ra.l. 16 rate?. scr .t to any addrcjs in the
» n'.ted States cr Canada one year for II.
r-r.Ftajre paid.
fTTCO-ACTUALLT worth $<0W
House, $ rooms, bath; modem; flrst-c!a*s oon-
Cltlcn. neighborhood 1 and surround ings; fine lot;
«*:nny; 2 blocks to broadgause train*, school.
r?£* *5 a . bucme** center; -fart ewsh. J. S.
?m nR; ~ & CO.. I0C2 Broadwav. Oakland.
FOR m> In Oakland-By order Hiberr.ia Bsnk;
2-story house, double parlors, dining-room anj
kitchen; C coo4 bedrooms; bathroom; closets;
rantry: lavatories; or>rn«r; lot .Vxl?5: 1 bl-vn
from Telfgrarh-ave. electric Jir.e; only K00C;
eary terrr.g if desired; just renovated and in
perfect ccndltica.
HERON & HOLCOMB.
1060 Broadway. Oakland.
Jlf«09— Eur.ny homt^S rooms, hall. bath, h'.srh
basement, l.i\-ir!ii'flwftM !'t S r 'xl!'> feet:
Tra.kinE distance 'llfil tra::-.; a big bargain
GEO. W. AUSTIN t^O.. 1008 Broadway. Oak-
land.
MODERN EAETLAKE COTTAGE.
S3500— OOMFORTABI-E HOME— JS5OO.
Nine-roorr.wl hcusp with larce lot. 5?xl!7 f>et:
centrally !ocat«d; handy to local tiation; choice
r^siflenre pection; price reduced for a quick
sale; sur.ry. dPt-iraM« plac#. CEO W AUS-
TIN & CO.. IjOS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND IICAL ESTATE.
v. E can rffer elegant suite of rooms and board
'.n an riegp.r.t private home In Alameda to
rf-fir.pd couple; references required. Box S6J
Call fiffio*. *
PROPOSALS fcr Clothing and Equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
et., San Francisco. Cal.. November 8. 1900—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received
Bl this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Friday,
November 23. 1&00. Pacific Standard Time,
and then opened, for furnishing Wool Blan-
. k*ts. Leather Gauntlets, Berlin Gloves, Hat
4 Cords. Leeplns. Chambray Shirts. Cotton Un-
der Shirts, Woolen Stocklncs. Suspenders, Cot-
ton Stockings, Scrubbing Brushes, Storm and
Recruiting Hajrs. Recruiting Flag Halliards.
Garrison and Post Flag Halliards. Quan-
tities to be 6-jbJect to an increase of 60 per
cent. Jf desired, by this department. Un-
guaranteed bUs and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standards and specifications on
roquirerr.cr.ts •¦ill, except in the cases here-
inafter rr.entionrd, under no circumstances
be considered; proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Bi<2a
will be opened fcr the delivery of the eame ar-
ticles at either the San Francisco. Chicago,
Philadelphia cr Boston depots, but none will
be given consideration for delivery at other
points than those named above. Early de-
li\ cries are essential. Proposals upon woolen
Etockinss. heavy quality, having seamless
toes ar.d full seamless . heels, but otherwise
conforming to specifications. w jh a i so be
entertained. In which case proposals offering
such rrutt be accompanied by sample. Bid-
ders uron scrubbing brushes will be permit-
ted tn submit samples differing from speci-
fications and standard requirements. Prefer-
er.ce»vul! be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
riice and quality bPing equal (including In
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be piven to articles of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on the Pa-
dflc Coast, to the extent of the consumption
require.! by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any cr all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
¦will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing p-cposaJs w ui be Indorsed: "Pro-
rorals No. 8511." and addressed to Major
OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster. U. K.
Vols.; Dep'''t Quartermaster.
ROOMS AXU BOARD.
PROPOSALS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOODALL, PERKlNa & CO.. G«n. Agsat*.
10 Market !«t.. San Francisco.
Th« company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing datea and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— I N»w Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotel).
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Joie rt»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Sant* Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mm.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obifpo), Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Borlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ Steamers leav« Broadway
»k. wharf. San Francisco:
Kjjs.^^ For Alaskan Port.'— 11 a. m..
¦MMR^ Nov. 17. 27. D»c. 2. Char<»
I^JP^Sj^ to company's «team»rs at S--
K%^ 'al Fcr Victoria. Vancouver iP.
rej£?£*L<4(ro] C). Port Towns^nd. Sfattl*.
/"¦^HMn Tacoma. Everett, Anacnn»»
tt and N»w Whatcom iWnh.i-
11 a. m.. Nov. 17. 23. 27. Dec. 3
and every fifth day thereafter. Change at Se-
attle for this company's steamers for Afask.a
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— J p. m.. Nov.
19, 24, 29, Dec. 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Dleto. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
ge its)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
RED STAR LINE.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITS* TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. L0TOO3. TUOX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ; :
From New York Every Wednesday. 19 a. m.
Kensington. ...Nor. 23 | Souttrwark......Dec 1»
St. Louts Dec. 5 ! St. Louis D»c. 28
New York Dec. 12
New York, and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon!
Kensington.... Nov. 23 I South-wark Dec. 13
Noordland Dec; 5 Westernland...Dec 28
Friesland Dec. 12 I
For freight and passaga apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery st. Or any of Its «n»nt».
AnoanlAC C sf*A MAWA "« 8AM0A> NEW
BS. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu. Samoa. N«w
Zealand and Australia.*.
Thursday. November J2, 4:30 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
- ....i Monday. December 3. 3 p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;....
Tuesday, December 4. 4 p. m.
J.0.SPHEMEL34BKCS.C0..llgts.,T:cfalG3:-ce f 6«5arWSI-
Freight OSca, 327 Hartst St., Pier la. 7, Pacific St.
C0MPAONI2 GENZRALE TRAN3ATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
bailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1SS9, at«3*acni9K
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, Xorth River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre. $55 and
UDward. Second-class to Havre, U'Z SO ami up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES and CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). N«w Tork. J. V. FUGAZI A CO..
Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue.
San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcellou"
In Drydock. No Boat Bunniag Till
Further Notica.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ChFlCH— 1118 BROADWAY.
OFFICERS and members of Prosperity Lodge
No. 309, A. O. U. \¥. : You are hereby re-
quested to attend fhe funeral of our late
brother. ¦ Charles Wurz, this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking par-
lors o£ Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street. ¦ By
order of W. P. KAISER. M. W.
R. H. MePherson, Recorder.
(CTTrlendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 659 Minna street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
C7The remains will be incinerated In Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, San Francisco, this day
(Wednesday), at noon.
ZAHND-In this city. November 19. 1900, Al-
bert, beloved Infant son of Albert and Mary
Zahnd. a native of San Francisco.
CTTFrlencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. US Sliver street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reporse of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROLL— In this city, November 19. 1500, John
Roll, brother of Mrs. Henrietta Costello and
the late Mm. Jennie Holland and Mrs. Caro-
line Knobloch, a native of Baltimore, Md.,
agod 68 years 1 month and J days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
.(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from A. W. Mar-
tin & Co., undertakers, IIS Geary street. In-
terment National Cemetery.
WOODSON— In Sacramento. November 19, 1900.
Annie Woodson. wife of J. A. Woodeon, and
mother of Frank M. Woodson and the lata
Edmund B. and Charles Woodson, a native of
Gloucester, Mass., aged 66 years.
van. Ireland, aged S3 years. A member of T.
M. I. No. 34.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf it 19 a. m.
CADC £>2 F>rst Class Including Berth
PAUL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Xov 24. Dec ?
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 19. Z3
Short Llna to Walla Walla. Spokane. Putt*.
Helena and all points In tba Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agrent.
CO Market st.a verdict that death was du« to "natorml
causes, hastened by an overdose of mor
phine."
All the arrangements for the bazaar of
the Ladies' Aid „ Society of the" Emanuel
Evangelist ; Church at Foresters' Hall,
102 O'Farrell street, on to-morrow and
Friday are being perfected, and rain or
shine the bazaar promises to present an
elaborate display of fancy; goods and
many other Christmas presents. Refresh
ments will . be served. There will be a
pleasing programme rendered each even
ing. The bazaar will be open from 2 to
10 p. m. •
Ladies' Aid Society. Bazaar.
Swim at' the Crystal Saths.
Recommended by physicians. "Water, always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city. •
A Trolley-Car Demolished.
Trolley car No. 33 of the San Francisco
and San Mateo line was badly smashed
last night by a runaway horse hitched to
a buggy. The horse had been left stand
ing in the ram by Its driver, and It ran
away and bumped into the car at the
crossing of Guerrero and Twenty-second
streets. Fortunately there were but few
passengers on the car at the time, and
they escaped without injury. The bujrirv
was knocked Into firewood. The car Md
Its. windows broken and much of the
woodwork demolished.
The buggy belongs to R. E..Lapham a
livery stable man at 122 Eddy street and
had been hired to Kesper, Green &-Co of
410 Sacramento street. While the runaway
horse was making kindling wood of bwrirv
and car Its owner had the telephone in
action, reporting to the Seventeenth-
Street police station the news that it had
been stolen. He found out afterward that
such was not the case.
Inquest on Mrs. Gardner.
Coroner Cole held an inquest yesirraay
upon the body of Acrelia B. Gardner, th©
aged widow who took an overdose of mor
?/Jk n f.. l! V t 6 H. nda y nl * ht a t her residence.
3419 Sixteenth street. The Jury returned
Peter Pazas, a new arrival in tli» city
and unsophisticated in the use' of illum
inating gas, blew out the light in hts roon«
before -retiring to bed at an early hour
yesterday morning. Pazas Is employed In
the candy store at 1736 Market street and
his Bleeping apartment is in the reai of
the storeroom. The strong smell of gas
attracted the attention of Pazas' asso
ciates when they came to work yester
day and they found him lying in an un
conscious condition. He was rushed oft
to the Receiving Hospital, where Dr.
Bunnell administered stimulants and suc
ceeded in saving the man"s life.
Fazas Blew Out the Gas.
of cards for social entertaiments can be made
most enjoyable by getting-' Anheuser-Busch' s
new Army and Navy playing cards. High
quality. low price. 25 cents, in money or
•tamps. , Malt-Nutrine Dept.. Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Ass" n. St. Louis, Mo.
Your Favorite Game
tor to 1OO.
The votes In the Twelfth Precinct of
the Forty-fifth Assembly District, the re
turns of which were sealed up with the
ballots by the election officers, were
counted for the first time yesterday by the
Election Commission. As a result the
plurality of T. F. Graham over Judge
Dalngerfleld was Increased to '411. Gra
ham received 129 and Daingerfleld 64.
In the same precinct for State Senator
in the Thirty-fifth Senatorial District
Nelson received 93 and O'Connell 140. This
reduces Nelson's net majority to 100.
The count was Interrupted yesterday by
the discovery that. the judges had failed
to sign the returns in two precincts. A
deputy registrar was sent out to round
up the derelict officials and the count will
be completed to-day.
Twelfth of Forty-Fifth Reduces Nel
son's Plurality for State Sena-
GRAHAM'S VOTE RAISED
BY MISSING PRECINCT
Mr. Cowell admitted that the facts con
cerning the circular were true. Beyond
that he did not admit anything. He
smiled as he spoke of the Clenega and the
I X L lime plant, the former near Tres
Pinos In San Benlto County and tha latter
In Santa Cruz. He has bought the I X L,
as well as the Clenega plant. Some years
ago he contracted with the I X L plant
to take all their lime at $2 50 per barrel
for a period of five years. At the end of
that time he made a contract at a lower
rate, $2 per barrel. Then he declined to
make another contract and the I X L
Company went Into th© market at cut
rates and tried to drive Mr. Cowell out
of business. The result was that the
I X L was eventually mortgaged for $75,
000. Cowell waited his time and took: It
In. Then th© Clenega tried to take th©
trade from Cowell. He met every rat©
that his rivals made and they ended up
with an Indebtedness of $120,000. Cowell
bought In the property last week for $10.
000. He Is now the lime magnate of Cali
fornia north of Tehachapi and also of the
Puget Sound country, for "he has also the
control of the Roche Harbor Lime Com
pany.
Some Idea of the advance in the price
of lime Is derived from the fact that lime
has been sold here as low as 85 cents per
barrel and even lower In the height of
rate wars. Henry Cowell says that he has
teen losing money at even the recent rate
of $1 25 per barrel.
The combination of all local lima com
panies has brought about the expected re
sult. The price of lime has been, raised
and a circular has been sent out to the
trade, giving notice of the new rates,
which went Into effect last Monday. The
rates are set forth . as follows : Santa
Cruz lime, *1 60 per barrel in the store
in San Francisco; at Hincon and Santa
Cruz, $1 50 per barrel. As was forecasted
In The Call, which had the exclusive news
of the combine,- Henry Cowell & Co. and
the H. T. Holmes Lima Comoany have
come to an agreement. They are both,
sending out the same circular concerning
the new rates. Each concern professes
to regard the other as a competitor. The
truth Is that they are acting together.
The understanding Is that they have de
cided upon a percentage basis of division
of the business of thia section. Henry
Cowell yesterday denied positively that
he controlled the market. At the H. T.
Holmes Lime Company Mr. Cowell was
said to be the moving spirit.
Circular Letter Gives the
Trade Notice of the
New Rates.
PRICE OF LIME
IS ADVANCED BY
THE COMBINE
;-.-For .the. purpose of- obtaining a speedy de
cision upon the proper construction of the con
stitutionality of the act, our attorney Is In
structed to use all ¦ prooer means for the pur
pose of expediting a case In which this : point
can be decided."'
The • Antl-Debrls Association takes tne
ground that the Sacramento Valley Is entitled
to protection from the 1 injurious effect of
hydraulic mining; that the courts are open for
the purpose of settling disputes between citi
zens and that an appeal from the decision of
the California Debris Commission lies, like it
does from any other commission, to the courts
of the land. We have been extremely anxious
to takeup some case to the highest courts in
volving this proposition, but so far the miners
have evaded the Issue. We are confident that
the courts of last resort will declare that no
man can Injure • the property of his neighbor,
and If the. hydraulic mining is doing injury
to the rivers or valley interests below it will
be enjoined. The question is not whether a
miner has a permit to mine, but whether he
is living up to his permit-, and whether the
works erected In pursuance of It are sufficient
to prevent
The Anti-Debris Association is not formed
for the purpose of fighting shadows, but oper
ates for the purpose of preventing injury. In
some instances where permits have been grant
ed, upon examination made by the association,
it has been found that the mine-owners make
no attempt, to comply with the permit. They
build a system of restraining works contem
plated by their . application for mining, but
when their reservoirs become filled up they
empty them and In some cases , remove their
restraining works or a portion of them when
no on# Is watching them. In some instances
the California' Debris Commission has with
drawn permits for mines on account of the
bad faith exercised "by", the miners and their
disobedience of the terms of the permits
granted. ,- '
This association has commenced a number of
suits In which hydraulic mining and ground
sluice mining have been enjoined, t-pnd intends
to bring a great many more. In any one of
those casrs, or In all, the question of the suf
ficiency of the permit to allow injury to be
done can be argued.
The Antl-Debrls Association has caused many
of those dams to be examined by competent
engineers, and has found that several of them
are totally insufficient to restrain the hydraulic
mining debris. In some cases where the damb
were sufficient for a time the reservoirs have
been completely filled up, but hydraulic min
ing continues.
The Antl-DfbriB Association contends that no
one has the right to injure the property of his
neighbor except for a public use and then only
upon Just compensation being made. We be
lieve it is contended by the lUners* Associa
tion that if a permit has been granted by the
California Debris Commission to mine, the
miners have the right to continue hydraulic
mining, regardless of the Injury they may do.
We claim this is not a proper construction of
the law, and, if It be, that the law Is uncon
stitutional. We have been eager at all times
to submit this matter to the courts and In the
case brought by the county of Sutter against
the Red Dog mine claim, the defense made
by the miners was that they were operating
under a permit, but when the case came to
trial they withdrew this portion' of their an
swer. We are exceedingly anxious that the
constitutionality of this so-called - Caminetti
act .should be determined and In any one of
the number of cases brought by us the point
can be raised and determined, If the miners so
desire.
Under the so-called Caminetti act, permits
have been granted to various miners to mine,
and in some cases dams have been erected
which are sufficient to restrain hydraulic min
ing debris; In other cases these dams are ut
terly insufficient and the debris from hydraulic
mines pours over the crest of the dams and
enters the river channels below.
Prior to the passage of the so-called Cam
inetti act, the courts, both of this State and
tho United States, had decided that the rivers
could not be used as conduits for hydraulic
mining debris and that the landowners living
along the banks as well as the State Itself were
entitled to protection from tho injurious effects
ot hydraulic mining; in other words, it was de
clared by the highest courts of the land that
hydraulic miners should use their property so
as not to injure that of their neighbors.
That the association Is formed for the pur
pose of protecting the Sacramento Valley from
the injurious effect 'ot hydraulic mining and
Is. engaged in effecting for the Inhabitants of
the Sacrameuto Valley a substantial benefit
and is not concerned in combatting issues of
no practical importance.
Whereas, at the session of the miners' con
vention held yesterday in the city of San
Francisco, the statement was made by the
president of the association and other officers
thereof that the delay in testing the consti
tutionality of the so-called Caminetti act was
due to tho Anti-Debris Association; and,
whereas, this association In regular monthly
meeting assembled, believes ¦ that the truth
should be made known; therefore this associa
tion does resolve as follows:
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 20.— In a series of
resolutions the executive committee of
the State Anti-Debris Association, in ses
sion In this city, this afternoon made an
swer to the allegations of bad faith pre
ferred by the president and officers of the
miners' convention In San Francisco. The
association declared that it stands ready
at all times to defer to the law as laid
down by the courts, and that Its sole pur
pose is to protect the Sacramento Valley
from what it declares is the injurious ef
fect of hydraulic mining. The association
Is composed of representatives, mostly
Supervisors, of the various interested
counties. - Suits are now pending in the
courts, brought at its instance, to restrain
certain mines from allowing their refuso
matter to flow dpwn into tho valley
streams, to the impairment of the chan
nels, and damaee to lands. Tho resolu
tions follow:
Debris Association.
Resolutions Adopted by the Anti-
REPLIES TO THE MINERS.
to refer them to the committee on resolu
tions without debate. There was one ask
ing for an effort to have in the lo
cation of land the burden of proof placed
upon the agricultural claimant instead .of
upon the mineral claimant, as Is at pres
ent the procedure, and also that
the locator prove that the land is
unoccupied. This was a measure
for the suppression of scrlppers. Then
there was the resolution on the freight
rate and another by Caminetti asking that
the right of a miner to locate on
lands Patented to the railroads as agricul
tural lands be ascertained and defined.
The afternoon closed with a paper by O.
S. Bresse, describing the mineral industry
of Southern California. It was a com
plete enumeration of the mines and the
metals of that portion of the State,
JUSTICE COOK WIIX
FILE SUIT TO-DAY
As was foretold in The Call several
weeks ago Justice of the Peace Cook will,
through his attorneys, Cobb & Hart,
bring suit to-day to test the dispute as to
whether Justices of the Peace hoid for
two or four years. The suit will take the
form of a restraining order Vj prevent tho
Election Commissioners from issuing cer
tificates of election to the fcve successful
candidates for the office. ,
Of the five only three are affected l>y
Cook's action— Percy Long. Judge Joach
imsen and S. H. Daniels. The other three
are Grotzingcr and Dunn, who are incum
bents, ar.d Kerrigan, who was elected
Superior Judge for the short term-
Police Handle Infernal Machine.
While walking along Mission street one
afternoon about ten days ago, Mrs. Hayes
of l&S Thirteenth street was met by a
email boy who very politely inquired of
her If she was Mrs. Hayes. Her answer
being In the affirmative, the boy handed
her a box, stating that a- gentleman had
requested him to deliver the package to
her. She accepted the gift and took It
to her home, where it remained until yes
terday, when her curiosity got the bet
ter of her and she took it to a drug
store at Howard and Erie streetB. The
druggist said it was an Infernal machine
and informed the police. Officer Ferrell
carried It to the station and a consulta
tion was held. The package was wrapped
in soft paper and carried to the Hall of
Justice. Captain Seymour has sent the
box to the Judson Powder Company for
examination. The police believe that the
box was sent by a practical joker.
1
SO FAR the Miners' convention has
attended strictly to business; to
the reading; and hearing of papers
and the presentation of resolutions
of more or less importance. But
to-day it will fight. There is In prepara
tion as pretty a fight as the association
has seen, and its opening skirmish was in
the meeting of the committee on resolu
tions last nicht.
The root of the trouble lies in the dis
inclination of the mining members of tho
association to elect as officers those in the
business of furnishing 1 ' or manufacturing
miners' supplies. They have no personal
objection to the merchants or manufac
turers, but they wish to avoid the appear
ance of running the association as an ad
junct to any man's business— and among
the stanchest supporters of this Idea are
eome of the merchants themselves. A
fight has therefore centered about the
candidacy of Julian Sonntag of the Giant
Powder Company, who says he is going to
try for the presidency of the association
this year. His opponent is E. C. Voorheis.
ex-State Senator, a mining man and one
known from one end of the mother lode to
the other.
Mr. Sonntag has announced his candi
dacy, and he has said he will run under
any circumstances that may arise, and so
it was that the resolutions committee felt
the flm of the trouble. It came In the
form of a resolution providing that no one
engaged as or employed by a dealer or
manufacturer of miners' supplies shall be
eligible to any office in the association.
There was much debate over the reso
lution, but it was finally tabled for two
reasons — one that it seemed to present an
issue which might cause dissension on the
floor of the convention because of Its di
rectness and again because it was con
sidered as more the business of the com
mittee on constitution and by-laws to pro-
Vide for the case. As It was, every man
present at the committee meeting, with
one exception, announced that he was in
sympathy with the spirit of the resolution,
and should Its application become possible
in the convention, they would vote against
any man not a miner who ran for office.
So the resolution will not come before the
convention.
The candidacy of Sonntag is a problem
that has confronted the association more
than once. Two years ago he announced
himself as a candidate for the presidency
against William C. Ralston, and the blt
4er fight that followed was ended only
when Jacob Neff, the Nestor of the asso
ciation, was announced as a candidate for
re-election after he had declared that he
would not run again, and he was carried
through on a popularity that could sweep
everything before it. Ralston was elected
vice president. Last year, on the retire
ment of Neff and the election of Ralston,
the association made Xeff an honorary
member, and in order to prevent ill feel
ing the name of Julian Sonntag was
coupled with that of the father of the or
ganization, and both were placed on the
honorary list. It was thought at the time
that a great honor had been done, and
perhaps it was believed that Sonntag's
ambition might be satisfied. He had been
an officer of the association for seven
>ears. and it might have been hoped that
he would feel that his laurels were bur
densome enough for any ordinary man.
But this year l:e has appeared as a can
didate, and the problem has to be
thrashed over again.
Sonntag has many personal friends, and
there are many more who feel that he
has done much for the association; but
the principle that the organization is for
the promotion of one of the greatest in
dustries of the State, it is claimed, is one
that the members cannot afford to forget,
and therefore the president at least must
be a mining man. Therefore It looks as
If the mining and the commercial men of
the association are in danger of being ar
rayed against each other, at least to the
extent of those who are friendly to Sonn
tag and those who are willing to oppose
tradition.
The commercial element of the associa
tion Is a large Cne. and it Is more power
ful than It is large. It is the element
that puts up most of the money and takes
In recompense only the advancement of
the mining business— and theirs. Several
of the commercial members are not in
favor of having any one but a miner in
office, however, and S. J. Hendy, the pres
ent treasurer, is earnestly advocating the
appointment of a bank in his place. The
row can only bo averted by some compro
mise on the floor of the convention.
Several interesting: papers, among them
the report of the commiUf-e on dams, and
a lively discussion on the subject of the
Caminetti law marked the session. The
discussion was precipitated by some re
marks made by Caminetti after reading
his report as chairman of the committee
on dams. In which he decried efforts to
assail the act under which the impound
ing of debris was made possible, and
known as the Caminetti act.
Senator Davis took up the cudgels in
defense of the scheme to test the law
and In doing so explained more fully than
he had explained the day before some
statements In the report of the committee
on legislation. He said that what had
been urged in the report was that until
the constlutionality of the law under
which the Debii3 Commission was acting
had been tested, miners could not know
just where they stood; and he urged that
some case of an aggrieved miner be taken
up by the association and by the States
and a test case made of it In order that
The City Attorney advised the Board of
Supervisors yesterday that it was In the
power of the board to permit the use of
a room in the City Hall for Grand Army
Post meetings. A nominal rental, how
over, must be charged for any rsom so
used.
May Meet in City Hall.
the exact standing of the law would bo
determined before the highest court. The
association was not finding fault with tho
Debris Commission, Davis explained, but
it did desire to find out if the law was
of any value.
Caminetti, the author of the law, de
clared that it would be better for the as
sociation to take the law as it was and
not try to undermine it and at the same
time keep capital out of the hydraulic
mines.
J. P. Halloran, chairman of the com
mittee on mines and mining, read the first
report of the day. He devoted his paper
to an exposition of the progress being
made toward the establishment of a de
partment of mines In the Cabinet. The
fdea, he said, is growing in favor; reasons
and arguments without number had been
advanced In its support, and the wisdom
of establishing such a department was
now not doubted.
The report of the committee on dredg
ers and jetties, prepared by Thomas J.
Barbour, was read by the secretary of tho
convention. Mr. Barbour described the
dredger industry, the cost of the work and
the results. He described the Industry In
each county in which gold dredgers arc
at work, and he gave some valuable fig
ures compiled by dredger men in various
localities. There are now at work in the
State twenty dredgers, he said. The re
turns from each are between $75,000 and
$195,000 a year, and the total Is somewhere
over $1,000,000. L. P. Crane, president of
the Petroleum Miners' Association, gave
some interesting figures and facts about
the growing oil industry. Petroleum, he
said, is the growing industry of
the State. It yield3 sixty products
which the world cannot do with
out, and the question is even now being
agitated as to how It may be substituted
for coal. The factory interests of the
State depend on two products, he con
tinued, gold and crude petroleum, and It
will not be long before California can
compete with the factories of the East.
There is* invested In the oil interests In
this State $34,000,000, mostly outside capi
tal, and the value of the land known to
be oil-producing- has been set by the own
ers at $116,000,000.
TV. L. Watt was then introduced to give
some idea of the commercial aspect ol
the oil situation. He said that in three
years the industry had Increased from an
output of 12,000 barrels to an output last
year of 2,600,000. In 1S96 it was 12,000; In
1S97 it had risen to 1,900,000; in 189S it was
2.200,000, and In 1S93 the output was 2,400,
000 barrels. It was afterward stated that
the yield this year will amount to at
least 4,000,000 barrels. In 1S96, Mr. Watt
said, there were 650 producing wells and 100
prospect wells; last year there wer# 1500
producing wells and 470 being driven for
prospects. Then he entered into a de
scription of tho different kinds of petro
leum found In the State and their rela
tive values.
Louis E. Aubrey of Los Angeles read
a paper on freight rates that later called
forth a. resolution that may bear fruit in
the future. He described how, under ex
isting circumstances, ore was charged for
under a rate schedule dated September 15,
1&99, which he lead, at the rate of $100 per
ton. a rebate to be made on the showing
by the report of the smelting works that
it was lower than the $100 rate called for.
It was an exemplification of the theory of
"all the traffic will bear," said Mr Au
brey. He asked what right the railroad
company had to inspect the result of the
assay. Under the schedule, he said, a
man rqight ship ore he valued at $50 a
ton on a supposed rate of $5 a ton, but
when the assay at the smelter showed a
value of $75 a ton he would find he had to
pay $2 50 a ton more. There would be
some reason, he said, if the rate was
made contingent upon the valuation of
the ore by the owner, for then in case of
,loss the shipper could only-regain the
value ho had placed upon it.' It Is true, he
paid, there is a theory that a shipper can
recover full value regardless of what his
first valuation might be, but there had
never been known a case where a man re
covered more than the valuation he
placed upon his own shipment even if he
recovered that.
Later in the day a resolution asking
that the fixing *of the rates on ore be
brought to the attention of the Interstate
Commerce Commission was referred to
the committee on resolutions.
A. Caminetti opened the afternoon pro
ceedings with his report on "Impounding
dams." ¦ e
Since the last report of the committee
said Mr. Caminetti, the Debris Commis
sion had had in charge the construction of
restraining works on the Yuba River
which, without injury to the navigable
stream below, or the adjacent lands
would restrain at moderate cost all the
debris that would come down the river for
the next twenty years. Mr. Caminetti
then proceeded to explain in detail the
plans for the restraining dams, and the
preliminary work that had to be done to
explain and perfect the plans and bring
them into favor. When completed the
works would cost, he said, $800,000. Al
ready $500,000 had been appropriated In
equal amounts by the Federal and Stata
governments, but $300,000 more would be
necessary, and the committee recommend
ed that it be appropriated in the same
manner. Suitable resolutions bearine
upon this will be passed by the associa
tion before adjournment
Regarding the work of* the Debris Com
mission the report says:
It is a source of great regret that litigation
has ensued concerning hydraulic mining opera
a H S r! n J, h1s » State on th * suKBestlon of the
Anti-Debris Association, at a time when pro
posed plans promise so much both for the
miner and the farmer. , - ..
Bearing in mind that under the provisions of
u^L*£ ' tu k 'f kr T wn as the Mendell report
is made the basis of operations, and that said
report provides restraining works in all the
tributaries of the navigable portions of the
hacramento and San Joaquln river systems
commencing with the Yuba and following on
down to the Bear, the American, .-the Co-
Bumnes,- Sutter Creek. Calaveraa and other
"reams. It will be seen how far-reaching
when considered from the valley point of
view are the benefits of this law now being
tio^ ln! f "Z" 1 £ y the Cajlfornia Debris Commis
sion And when regarded from the standpoint
of the miner, it is not difficult to realize the
great mutual advantages which will follow by
a successful solution of this problem.
Several resolutions were presented dur
ing the day, and on motion It was decided
DAVIS, CAMINETII AND SEVERAL OTHERS CLAIMED THE FLOOR TO
SPEAK ON WHAT OUGHT TO BE DONE ABOUT ENFORCING OR
PROVING THE DEBRIS LAW.
By mutual consent the testimony of
Bunker was assumed to be the same as
that given by Hall. The examination was
then put over till 10:30 to-morrow, when
Sam Knlpht In his great descriptive ac
count of his flight from Nome is promised
by both sides.
An unimportant witness was A. Ander
son, defendant in the Comptois suit. Ho
merely testified to his identity.
Geary and Hall were at loggerheads all
through the examination, the attorney as
suming: that Knight was fleeing from jus
tice and the witness placing his friend In
the position of a persecuted man.
Questioned as to whether he knew that
Knight intended to secure from Reese a
second affidavit supporting the first when
the St. Paul stopped at Port Townsend.
Hall said he knew nothing of it.
"Under any circumstances?" said Geary.
"Well," said Hall, after seeking inspira
tion from the celling, "Mr. Knight was
probably afraid of being compelled to
winter In Nome, and that — "
"Is that your answer?" put in Plllsbury.
"I thought it was the commencement
of on argument for Knight," said Geary.
Hall at length said that he nought
Knight had been badly used. He had
heard nothing of the attorney's payment
of $2000 to Reese for the affidavit, nor of
a payment of |750 to tho same Individual
for his "expenses to New York." "Mr.
Knight would not do such a thing," was
the way Hall expressed hi3 opinion.
Later on Hall told of Metson'i boast
that his friendship to Geary held him
immune from the threat of imprisonment
that hung over the other attorneys' heads.
Hall said he had heard both the litigants
characterized as "rotten." He told of the
general dissatisfaction existing in Nome
over McKenzie's appointment by Noyca
as- receiver of the "Discovery" only a
few hours after his arrival in Nome. The
witness did not believe, in answer to a
question of Pillsbury, that Knight could
have remained there and receive*! fair
treatment.
Hall wriggled and twisted in his seat
and smiled at Heacock and at Geaiy and
at Pillsbury ' and then remarked that
"Under the circumstances — "
"Now, Mr. Hall," th© former Congress
man had said, "what would you, as an
attorney, think of a man who having, as
Knight did, in answer to a Judge's de
mand to see charges against him, told
the Judge that he could produce an affi
davit sustaining them in two hours, then
fled like a criminal in the night, leaving
the man against whom he had made these
charges shut off from the outside world
by an arctic winter, powerless to say a
word in his own defense to that outside
world— what would you, not only as an
attorney, but as a man, think of such an
action V'
On Saturday last Attorney A. C. Hal
sted of Los Angeles had, under Geary's
questioning, told the court how ha had
been called into Knight's cabin, which
he shared with the attorney, and asked
by him to pay particular attention to the
conversation which should follow between
Knight and Reese in reference to the
affidavit which Reese had marie at
Knight's request, assailing the judicial In
tegrity of the Circuit Judge of Alaska.
Yesterday Attorney Gordon Hall, who
was one of the Nome legal fraternity,
and George D. Bunker, both of whom
were also present in the cabin occupied
by Knight at the time of the conversation
concerning the intrinsic worth of tho
charges made by Reese and his good faith
In supporting them, corroborated Hal
stead's testimony as to what took place
on that occasion. In the case of Hall an
interesting bit of Nome's unwritten legal
history was divulged In his testimony
when he told of the fear felt by the at
torneys who had sided against Noy«;s in
the appointment of McKenzie as receiver
of the Discovery mine, that their winter's
stay in Nome would be made compulsory.
Hall said the pros and cons and possibil
ities and the powers of Noyes in this mat
ter had formed the subject matter of
many a legal heart-to-heart talk on tho
Rialto of the city of the golden shore. In
this connection he put up a strong defense
for Knight's flight in answer to a ques
tion by Geary.
Attorneys Pillsbury and Geary thrashed
over yesterday the same facts as had been
presented at the last hearing of the case,
with the aid of three witnesses who had
been present in the cabin of the St. Paul
when Knight had interrogated Reedfl en
the affidavit and what its drawing up
had "stood him in for."
Sam Knight, the attorney, whos3 tes
timony In regard to how, why and when
he obtained from one Reese an affidavit
charging Judge Noyes of the Circuit Court
of Alaska with many unpleasant and
illegal proceedings in connection with the
trial of mining suits, did not materialize
before United States. Commissioner Hea
cock in the Dubois contempt proceedings
yesterday morning. His absence robbed
the hearing of much excitement and the
court must wait for Knight's account of
his fly-by-night escape from Nome City
until to-morrow at 10:30 o'clock, adjourn
ment having been taken till that time.
Finds an Advocate, However, in a
Xiawyer Who Says He Does Not
Believe Knight Would Do
Anything Wrong.
Nome Attorney Fails to Ap
pear Before Commis
sioner Heacock. ;
WITNESS HALL
ARGUES FOR HIS
FRIEND KNIGHT
Fritzl Scheff is a piquant, petite person
age, and she sang- a lightsome and fetch
ing Zerlina, the village beauty. She was
in stronger voice last night than on Mon
day evening, when she sang in "La
Boheme," and possesses a very pleasing,
clear, light soprano voice. Which re
minds me. Mea culpa! peccavi! and all
the repentant rest of it, I must say, in
that I unwittingly "disremembered" the
former production of "'La Boheme" in San
Krancisco, with Jklelba as Mimi, now
many moons ago, and yesterday named
this week's presentation as the second,
not third, production of the pretty opera
here. It goes without saying that had I
heard Mme. Melba on the first occasion It
•would not have been so easilv forgotten.
To-r.ight "Tar.nhauser" will be given
again, with the same splendid cast as last
week.
Mme. Gadskl was the Donna Elvira, and
though net in quite so exquisite voice as
usual, or perhaps in hardly so kindly air,
the was an eminently sweet and charming
Elvira.
The opera offers opportunity for the ap
pearance of any three principal sopranos,
and last night Xordica. Gad««i and Kritzi
Schen* were heard in the respective parts.
ilme. Nordica was heard as Donna Anna,
and gave her Invariably dignified and con
scientious conception of the role. She is
in congenial atmosphere In the tragic part
and sang last night with much grace and
sweetness.
Salignac developed rather a weak and
nasal tenor as Don Ottavio, and the Oom
mendatore part was well sung by Journet.
iJdouard de Keszke was amazingly well
BUlted in the part of Lieporello. He was,
to the life, the supple, easy-conscienced,
loose-lived Italian Knave, and his per
formance all through was an unctuous
level In the possibilities of the part. Th«
famous "catalogue" song was given with
a lavish richness of comic euggestion ab
solutely Irresistible, and, it goes without
saying, gloriously sung. Pini Corsi was
in charge of the minor buffooneries of
Jkiasetto. and gave a cleverly stupid, stub
born picture of the ill-used bumpkin.
Last night was a notable presentation
of the opera. .Don Giovanni — a character,
by the way, as extinct as the dodo In
modern oi>era land— was undertaken by
Scotti, who has very apparently quite re
covered from his indisposition, tie gave us
a good rendering ot tne sorry hero's role.
eliding his part in pleasurable fashion,
ana with just the right note- of tender
and sensuous insinuation. It lacked a ilt-
Ue in bravado, impudence; there was not
sufficient suggestion of the swash
buckling element, not less intimately
associated with the Don Giovanni role
than his over-gallant roguery. But 'twas
& good conception, well sung and acted.
The "La. ci darem," charming as ever,
was delightfully given.
But how strangely thin seems the or
chestration, how lacking in tone-color— the
*vorl<i of musical color was all but undis
covered in Mozart's days— how wanting in
depth and height and breadth, and yet.
withal, how charmine;!
In this opera, more surely than in al
most sjr.y other still sung, one may judge
Ot the vast stride that has been made In
this form of art. One may hear, too;
therein echoes of things lost, a fine sim
plicity of life, an elegance of leisure, an
urbane and gentle air of days unhurried.
It lacks entirely the strenuous, complex
note, so characteristic of latter-day work,
this product of the graceful childhood of
the art, but its cuave and facile move
ment, its sweet Old World cadences are
Mill pleating and grateful to the ear.
It was quaint old "Don Giovanni" at the
Grand Opera-house last night, and in
ppite of much weather of the rainy sort a
large house g-aihered to hear the tleiicate
and graceful hannonSes of Mozart.
By Blanche Partington.
Scotti, De E«szke, Nordica and Gad
old. Given Generous Applause for
Highly Artistic Interpreta
tions Last Night.
Mozart's Quaint and Graceful
Opera Exquisitely
Rendered.
GREAT ARTISTS
CLEVERLY SING
DON GIOVANNI
Commercial Men May Clash With Mining Ele
ment on the Fight for the Presidency.
TROUBLE AHEAD OVER MINERS'
ELECTION TO BE HELD TO-DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOYEMBER 21, 1»OO.
12
RT Ari/
We have secured a special lot of
55 pieces BLACK IMPORTED TAF-
FETA SILKS, full 21 inches wide,
brilliant and lustrous,, and a palitg
that will give good serviceable wear.
Commencing To-Dag we will
offer the entire lot at
1A/©I1 \A/orth 75o.
As the above are GENUINE SWISS SILKS,
and the auantltu limited, our customers are
asked to take advantage at once of this special
offering.
III. 113, 115. H7 k 119. 121 POST STREET.
SAIN FRANCISCO.
Dr. Win. Botsford, 1170 Market, St.. noti-
fies bis patients that be has returned. *
ASVH&TISE3CENTS.
Ladies' Tailor f 22 and 24 Grant Ave.,
and Importer, j Near Market St.
SILK LINED THROUGHOUT. All the new
styles, including a distinctly NEW HABIT BACK, to
be shown here this week for the first time. The Silk-
Lined Suits at $32.50 will be cut, made and fitted by
the same skilled hands that do my highest cost work
and with precisely the same care; perfect fit
guaranteed m
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Private 'Phone, Howard 102L
119 TAYLOR STREET.
Why Pay More for Groceries ?
TO-DAY ON SALE!
Mill Best Eastern, all brands In f (11a
HAM stock, pound IIIqR
lini " Select, lean, right size. not lu -* u
salty.
IF FROM FABER'S, IT'S GOOD.
T0MAT0ES^^---5c
FABER'S DO NOT HANDLE IMITA-
TIONS.
MUSH 9 6c
"WATCH OUR WINDOWS.
SNIDER'S CATSUP «.|5C
LEMON PEEpS||!Oc
over.
OPEN EVENINGS.
JESSE MOORE £^.f365C
The original— why pay about" "double?
TWENTY SPECIALS EACH WEEK.
COME. SEND. WRITE OR 'PHONE.
One block from Market Ctreet. .....
Vtbcpcrfcdjonof/*
BDTTLEQAT THE DJSTILLERY''
PURE-ASBfljfffGLESaME.
l/sed/at/ieMedcd/ Deportments of the
U.S. ARMY £ NAVY Service
, WILLIAM VVOLFF'ft CO.
* Sam Francisco, distributor*.
Sewort oftmifationt Of rtjitltd Bort/ts. «
fmw,Mii—i
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cured by
ESPiC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pkria, i. E3PIO ; V»w Twk. X. TOUSX&A- * CO.
BOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
1 ST. GERMAIN
BILLIARD COMPANY,
*j 409 Market Street,
SAX FRANCISCO
Manufacturers of
Standard BUllard and Pool Tables.
w Lager and Steam Beer Pumps.
1
DR.MCNULTY.
rrniH TVEI.L-KSOWN AND RELIABLE OLO
¦.Specialist cure* Blood Poison. Uonorrha>:t,Gleet.
Mrtctnre, 2St»mlnatl Weakness, Impotence and tb«tr I
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. fre«t
P v> "-OyearVexperienee.T>rnn reasonable. Hours,
»to3dally :8:30to3.30ev'jr*. Snndars.ioto 12. Consul*
tatlonireeandsacredly conflrlentmL Call or addrew
r. komcok aicxiinvrY. m.d.
SOJiKearnysr, »an Francisco* C£L
;••'¦'- ¦ •¦¦•¦-.. . " ~