Von Waldersee . Starts > for Peking.
TIENTSIN; Oct. jUL^-PIeld- ' Marshal
CounY.vbn TValdersee and. his "staff start
ed thia m<vrnlzi« ; for t P<fcUic.: . .
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Oct. 11— On the polit
ical complexion of the Nebraska Legis
lature, it Is believed here, depends the po
litical future of "W. J. Bryan. Mr. Bryan,
feat for the Presidency.
May Become a Senator After His De-
BRYAN IS LOOKI2TG AHEAD.
POPE FAVORS AMERICAN
RULE IN PHILIPPINES
Insurgents Make Three Futile At
tempts to Open Negotiations
With the Vatican.
GENEVA, Oct. H.-Bellamy Storer.
United States Minister to Spain, in the
course of a conversation here to-day re
garding his recent interview with the
Pope, said:
"Leo appeared to be in much better
health than when I saw him two year*
ago. He is full of life and has lost none
of the interest he has had from the first
in matters relating #> the church of
Rome.
"Since Archbishop Ireland's visit to the
Vatican It Is deeply understood there that
the best interests of the Roman Catholic
church demand American rule in the Phil
ippines. The United States and the Cath
olic church have the same aims there, and
hope to work together for order and
peace."
Mr. Storer asserted that the Filipinos
had made throe attempts to open nego
tiations with the Vatican, all of which
were refused.
BUBONIC PLAGUE ON
THE HIGHLAND PRINCE
Five Deaths, Including the Captain,
Occur on Voyage From Bahia
to Montevideo.
MONTEVIDEO. Oct. 15.— The British
steamer Highland Prince, from Antwerp
August 30. London September 7 and Bahia
October 4. has arrived here with bubonic
plague on board. Fivo deaths, including
the captain and first officer, occurred dur
ing tho voyage.
IMPERIAL TBOOPS DEFEATED.
Chinese Babels Win-a Victory on the
Borders'of Kwangrtung.
SHANGHAI. Oct. 14.— From Canton !t
la reported that Kwansi rebels have de
feated the Imperial troops on the borders
of Kwangtung and General Su has re
signed in consequence of his request for
reinforcements being ignored.
Some Chinese soldiers desecrated the
cemetery for foreigners at Namshi-Fu,
near Canton. The Viceroy had the of
fenders decapitated and dismissed their
commander. ; ;, '¦-.¦
The Fourth Brigade from India has ar
rived at Taku, but' owing 'to the rale has
not yet been able to land. Sfr Ernest Sa
tow.ii who succeeds Sir Claude Macdon
ald as -British Mini.ster to China, has ar
rived at Tientsin.", ,
Mr. Bryan's chances of setting the elec
toral vote of New York. Herald will
to-morrow publish the results of a return
postal card poll of voters of New Ybrk
City, made with a view of ascertaining
Jhelr Presidential preferences. A similar
poll, made by the Herald In 1S35, enabled
It to predict In August that ilcKlnley;
would have 281.000 plurality In the State*
The canvass which Is detailed In th© Her
.ald now was conducted under exactly sim
ilar circumstances, but took in a larger
number of voters, more widely scattered
through the boroughs of Manhattan and
Brooklyn than in 1S36.
Deductions from the postal card poll In
dicate that the city of New York may
not grive a majority of more than 10,000 to
either Presidential candidate. The Great
er City is In doubt. Returns from the
borough of Manhattan seem to show that
Bryan will have about 13.030 plurality. Mc-
Kinley had about 21.000 plurality in Man
hattan and Bronx four years ago. Re
turns from Brooklyn indicate 24.000 plural
ity for McKinley. He had about 32,000 ta
1K>5. :V" ":i»t-
If the poll foreshadows the result In the
city, then New York St^te is certain for
McKinley.
A number of Interesting facts were dis
closed by replies received by the Herald-
Gold Democrats who voted for Palmer
are almost overwhelmingly la favor of
McKinley now. The majority of new vo
ters are also for McKinley. The Pro
hibition vote does not show any signs of
Increasing. Debs. Socialist Labor can
didate, will poll mpre ' votea than Mal-
Ione>V the Democratic Labor candidate
for President.
' O'Dell.' Republican candidate for Gov
ernor, runs behind McKinley. There la
more Indecision about the Governorship
than about the Presidency. Many voters
say that they have not made up their
minds. So many blanks on the head of
the State ticket were returned that results
are not at all satisfactory as fonnlnsr a
basis for prediction. An analysis of the
figures of the first two day3 of registra
tion shows that increases downtown ara
small and that they have grown In Iar?s
proportions In the northern districts of
the city. CalculatloTis made by sepaxattnsj
Into two groups the districts carried by
Bryan in N'aw York County In 1S96 and
the districts carried by McKinley axe In
teresting. In the Bryan districts registra
tion has increased over that of the first
two days of 1S36 about 4100.
he must know that there is no warrant In fact
for the, statement as to the ice trust.
.In my message to the New York Legislature
I recommendedecrtain action about trusts. The
Legislature did not act along the line I sug
gested, but it did. pass a very stringent anti
trust bill " introduced by a Democrat, and I
signed It. The 'Attorney General Is now pro
ceeding asainlt the ice trust under this bill.
Mr. Croker and his fellow stockholders in the:
Ice trust, through their attorneys, ure fighting
us on technical legai points through ever}' stage
of the proceedings. - «.
Now. as I . said. Mr. Bryan knows all this
from my previous answer. He knows perfectly
v.e\l that I cannot "suppresisi the ice trust'*- In
any manner save by dne process of law. -and
that the Attorney General Is proceeding against
it under the law and is being hampered by the
delays Inevitable in attacking 'a corporation
well defended by able lawyers, retained, as la
natural, when the corporation contains stock
holders as wealthyias Jlr. Croker and his as
sociates. Mr. Bryan knows that where the
Attorney General Is undertaking these proceed
ings I have absolutely nothing to do with them.
He, therefore, knows that I have taken every
step that can be po«?ibly taken in the matter.
Under these circumstances it is unnecessary for
me to comment upon his continual repetition of
a statement which he must know has not th»
slightest foundation in fact.'. — - -
Whether the Ice trust can leeraUy be dissolved
is a question which, must be settled by the
cturts. .and. slml!arlj\ It Is a question t-> be
decided In accordance with'the law whether or
not any of the. Tammany leaders who hold
stock, in It' are amenable under the law. Th«
trust Itself Is certainly one that can be iaid
to be a bad trust, dealing, as it does, in an
article of necessity for the poor of New York.
I. hav<; no doubt, however, that most of the
stockholders have Invested In It simply as they
would Invest In any ether corporation. ._.
.—The striking point is that among the heaviest
6f< these Investors appear th» Tammany Bryan-
It'* leaders who, in conjunction with Mr. Bryan.
ar? loudest In denouncing trust?. Hypocrisy
could j be carried no farther than it hut ¦ beta
carried by these men and their defenders. In
the Tammany State Convention- in New York
.they artuatly denounced the Ice trust In their
political capacity. ¦ while In their private capa
city they were stockholders In It. and through
their, counsel were dotn? everything to pre
vent its dissolution by the Attorney General.
Mr. Bryan i? now jroing to New York to be
the political (ruest.'of Mr. Croker. the Ice trust
tx-neflciary- He Is going there to try to help
Mr. Croker get control of the State of New
York and brtnsr It down to the level of irjfamy
to which the Tamnjany government has reduced
th* city of New York.
Again It comes to ras that this needs no fur
ther comment than is implied in the statement
of the' facts." Faithfully yours.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
GREATER NEW YORK IN DOTJ3T.
Postal Card Vote Discouraging to the
Bryanites.
-,NE\\' iYORK," Oct.--14."— As the. storm
VfcWer of. the campaign drifts
rapidiyVeastwara^politicIans'of both par
tles'are figuring with' feverish anxiety on
SPRING STATION. Ky.. Oct. 11.-
Here since early morning, eigh
teen miles from Lexinston,. Gov
ernor Roosevelt's sf ¦"i.r'aln
has rested on a Louisville and
Nashville sidetrack. The candidate for
Vice President, "accompanied by Leslie
Combs, chairman of the Republican Stale
Central Committee. Mrs. Comb*. Major
Heresy and Curtis Guild Jr.. spent the
day at the residence of A. J. Alexander,
situated in the center of a farm compris
ing 3300 acres. Not fifty persons in Ken
tucky, save those residing here. Wnow
whore Governor Roosevelt is resting. Be
fore, leaving Louisville word was given
out that the train would proceed at once
to Lexington, but a secret order directed
that It stop over Sunday In the country
to enable the Governor to recover from
the fatig-ue caused by his hard work of
the last few days. ,. • .
The rest brought about .the desired
physical brightening. The Governor's
voice has almost entirely lost its huskl
ness, and he says he feels as well as on
the first day of the campaign. Early to
morrow morning the special will lea"ve for
Lexington, arriving there at 6 a. m.
To-night Governor Roosevelt gave out
an open letter to Don M. Dickinson of
Michigan in response to . the following
from Mr. Dickinson:
DKTRO1T. Mich.. Oct.lL— My.D«ar Sir: Yes
ttrday and to-day Mr. Bryan is speaking in
this State. The pro-Bryan papers publish this
mornlngr. among ether things' the following re
port of his utterances:
"lie talkad about trusts in every town ' In
¦which he spoke. In six of these towns t&klAjr
the question was fired at Bryan by Republi
cans, who asked him. to. explain about the ice"
trust. He had an answer that made the crowd
Kuy th» questioner every time. It was: There,
is a Republican Governor and a.~ Republican
Legislature . In New York and what have they
done to throttle the ice trust? Answer m*
that. But then you know th« Republican. Gov
ernor of New York has r.ot time to bother with
the Ice trust, for he Ss too busy out Here telling
y«u about- it.'
"The tame charge was made by Mr. at
length in Nebraska, and all the press of the
country had your answer to it. given.-' I tnink.
In a speech in the same State.' Every reader of
the papers, too, knows of your action as Gov
ernor In respect to the ice trust, and I am
under the Impression al«v that you recom
mended the legislation under which men a trust
might be reached in New York. , Your friend.
' • ' ,;-¦' OON M. DICKINSON.
Governor Roosevelt's reply, dated
Evansville, Ind.. October 12, follows.
I. thank* you very much for your letter of the
11th inst. "When Mr. Bryan talks as in tbe quo
tation contained in your letter he simply says
,v.'Iiat h* either knows or ought to know to ba
without the slightest foundation- In fact. -lie
made a. similar statement In Nebraska. I then
answered and asked him in return whether, he
would pay the obligations of the Government in
gold or .'silver Rejected.- 'He; never answered
my question, but' as ;rny statement was printed
.broadcast he .'must: hare -seen it, and therefore
erty was in the extra German concession j
ar.d only occupied under sufferance. It
was* understood when the German j
mander consented to it? occupancy that j
it would be given up on demand, but th: j
demand caused the American army oftl- :
cials no little embarrassment and incon- j
venience.
As a result the American force? are
row scattered. The Fifteenth Infantry.
Colonel Moale. commanding-, and at pres
ent senior American officer in Tientsin. Is
located in the buildings and compound of
the American Methodist Mission. A quar
ter of a mile further down the Taku road
is the camp of the Third Artillery, in the
compound of the property of Mr. Drew,
an American. The marine battalion Is
quartered in the buildings of the British
concession, the officers occupying several
houses in Victoria terrace. The commis
sary and quartermasters' depots are on
the Bund in the old Tier.trln hotel.
Two events of this week which were
pregnant with possibilities have been
pleasantly adjusted and have left no ap
parent trace of feeling. One was the kill-
Ing of Corporal Hughes of D Battery,
Third Artillery', and the wounding of a
private of the same battery by a French
sentry. The whole affair was unfortunate,
but an "investigation disclosed that the
sentry wa-s not to blame. It appears that
the Americans were out after dark and
had been drinking. They were halted by
a pentry on the French pontoon bridge,
and. disregarding his challenge, they tried
to rui=h him. One of the men fired his re
volver, discharging four chambers, when
the- sentry firM. killing Hughes. He was
attacked by the second American, whom
ho bayoneted, inflicting a slight wound.
The other instance was a slight tilt be
tween th*» British and Russians. The
former had posted a guard over a pile of
wood and hoisted a British flag. A Rus
sian guard, according to report, made an
attempt to seize the wood, also hoisting a
flag and threatening to cut down the
British colors. General Lorne-Campbell
happened to be on the scene at the time,
unaccompanied. Seeing the gravity of
the situation, he asked an American offi
cer to assist him, explaining that.he~feax
ed that tho two guards, who were Indians
of the Bengal Lancers, might precipitate
trouble. The American consented to re
main while the general sought the Rus
sian commander. Admiral Alexieff Imme
diately recalled tne Russians when the
matter was explained to him and apolo
gized for their action. It Is reported all
the men were punished.
Refused Admission to the German
COLD RECEPTION FOR CHING.
Legation at Peking.
Correspondence of the Associated Pre»»i
PEKING. Sept. 7.-Prlnce Ching. who
visited the foreign Minsters yesterday,
did not receive the cordial reception he
seemed to expect. At the British lega
tion, the first one he visited,* the de
meanor of Sir Claude Macdonald was
chilly in the extreme, and the visit occu
pied no longer than five minutes. From
the. British legation he went to the Ger
man, but was refused admission to th*
Vice Presidential Candidate's Reply to the Charge That He
Has. Failed to Attack the Unlawful Combine.
Washington Officials Have Advices Indicating That the
Threatened Outbreak Cannot Longer Be Averted.
WASHINGTON". Oct. 14.— Govern- j
nent are very, much t
concerned over the critical con- I
dition of affairs in Southern
China. They will r.ot admit Cl
recily they have advices confirmins pr^s^ j
reports that an outbreak is imminent, -tut ,
tr.cicate they have no reason to doubt
such Is the case.
One of the most prominent cf them told
The Call correFiKjnder.t that unkfs the
International situation assumed a more
definite shap<? it would har-ily '>e possible
to prevent an uprising In the Yangste j
provinces. He said the Viceroy* of those
provinces had Eucceeded sgair.rt remark
able odds in holfifr.gr *Th<* unruly element in
check, but they could not do this much j
longer. In his opir.icn the Initiation of j
jrcace negotiations was the easiest -and j
surest way of stopping the agitation, for !
E.s leng as the general Chinese question j
remained unsettled the empire would be j
perturbed.
The Government is . working zealously ]
to bring about a settlement of the. recent]
trouble. b-Ji practically no progress ha3 ,
been made. The s=cv«re winter in Northern \
China begins about November L If no i
arrange me-nts between the powers jto
effect aa amicable uriderstanfiinc £>•> made
before then the present uncertain c :. II
tirr.s must continue until spring, as dur
ing the winter Peking will be- aimo?t fn
tfrely cut cIT from, communication with
the outside world.
Minister Conger, as his telegrams to the
State Department show, is not satisfied
w'th the action t?ken by Emperor Kwans
£u to p'acate the powers. He has indi
cated plainly to the department that the
list of those Chinese named for trial on
account of their participation In Boxer
troubles Is not nearly 'ornpleie. This and
other advices from him lead to (ile be
lief that he and his diplomatic colleagues
in Peking doubt the good faith of the im
perial Government in its dealings with
the civilized nations. That Mr. Conger
and other foreign representatives in tfce
Chinese capital are in favor of the adop
tion of severe punitive measures has been
demonstrated. .
AMERICANS' POOR QUARTERS.
Fcrced to Evacuate Their Barracks
on Germany's Demand- .
CcrrespcEience of the Associated Press.
TIENTSIN. China. Sept. 17.— With the
general belief that this ciry Is to be the
military center and ba.«e for the winter,
all the powers are r.cw engaged in a gen
eral scramble for buil«Jii»gr*. Anything
that has roof Is now valuable, and every
bui'.ding in the foreign concession Ahich
the bombardment left capable of repairs
Js being put In shnpe for either barracks
cr Etoreroums. This condition of affairs
has made the situation here rather deli
cate, and !n Feveral Instance there have
been some sharp Interchanges over the
possession of premise?.
The Americans have not grot the best
cf the deal. As was cabled early in Sep
tember, the Americans were compelled to
give up to the Germans a large tract of
J&rid and several commodious warehouses
<Utd with commissary cuppliea. xne croa-
New Agitations Directed Against the
Imperial Dynasty.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Morning. Post, wiring
Saturday, describes four distinct agita
tions—In Kwangtung. Kwangsi, Szechuan
and the Yangts*? region— all of which are
anti-dynastic ra.ther than anti-foreign.
"If Sun Yat Sen is successful in the
south," says the correspondent, "and his
rebellion spreads . over the Yangtse re
gion he probably will be aided by Prince
Tuan, Tung Fu Hsiang.and. the Moham
medan leaders in the northwest."
• The imperial Chinese troops, according
to a dispatch to the Daily Chronicle *rom
Hongkong, dated yesterday, . have recap
tured Welchou. on East River, where Sun
NOT AUTI-FOREIGN RISINGS.
grounds, being Informed by the Chinese
interpreter of the legation that the repre
sentatives of his Imperial Majesty the
Krr.peror cf Germany were not receiving
social calls at present from Chinese offi
cial?. At the Spanish legation, where,
also, the French Minister resides, as his
residence was destroyed, the call lasted
only twelve minutes, and at the Austrian
hardly as V°n£- At the Russian lega
tion over an hour ¦was spent.
From there the American legation was
visited. H^re the Prince was received by
Mr. Conger and the members of the lega
tion. The Prince told Mr. Conger that
he felt ashamed to look him In the face.
Personally he had done all in his power
to prevent the catastrophe that had oc
curred, but the force of events had prov
ed tco much for him. Ching said that he
had merely come to pay a visit of respect
to an old friend.
It is» stated on reliable authority that at
the Japanese legation Ching was informed
that Japan v.as utterly opposed to Any
division qf China by tue powers, and that
both England and America would stand
by her in this demand; that China would
have to pay very heavily for the trouble
she had caused, but it would not be in
loss of territory.
The consensus of opinion of the Amer
ican and British Ministers and generals
is that seldom, if ever, in the history of
the world has any city been more com
pletely looted than Peking, and it Is
mainly due to the influence of General
ChatTee and the British general. Caselle.
that the sacred city Itself has not suf
fered the same fate. In fact most of the
members- of the embassies, their families
and even* the missionaries think that a
great mistake was made in not looting
it and burning It to the ground. They
argue that if all the property of the mer
chants, bankers, pawnbrokers, and even
tne houses of the very poor, have been
looted and burned, why should the prop
erty of those mainly responsible be saved
and held sacred for their future use?
It is an every-day sight to see soldiers,
camp followers and members of the riff
raff that is followine the army selling
all sorts of things.- The proprietor of
a Peking hotel has bought, it is said,
silver worth over ££0.000 at * cost of less
than $50,000.
BRYAN AND TAMMANY'S ICE TRUST
GRILLED BY GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT
FEAR A SERIOUS RISING OF REBELS
IN SOUTHERN CHINESE PROVINCES
GEORGETOWN, K5., Oct. 14. — The condition of Henry -G. Youtsey was unchanged to
night, but the general impression ;s that the prosecution Will make a strong effort to have
the trial resumed to-morrow. . Since his dramatic declaration in court that enemies were
swearing his life away his mind appears to have totally collapsed.-. His illness, however, may not
be permitted to interfere with the progress of the trial. jij!s|
HENRY G. YOUTSEY.. THE GOEBEL MURDER SUSPECT. WHOSE TRIAL WILL BH RESUMED AT GEORGE
TOWN, KT., TO-DAY. THE PRISONER DECLARES THAT HIS ENEMIES ARE SWEARING HIS
LIFE AWAY.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14. — Lawyer Albert T. Patrick and his valet, Charles F. Jones, charged
with having forged the name of the late William M. Rice to checks aggregating $250,000,
still languish in the Tombs awaiting bail. Captain A. T. Baker of Texas, representing the
heirs of Rice, is being aided by ponce and handwriting experts in examining the alleged will of
the millionaire which leaves the property to Patrick and Jones. In addition to the criminal pros
ecution of the accused men civil action will be brought to test the validity of this will.
j ATTORNEY ALBERT T. PATRICK OF NEW YORK AND HIS VALET. WHO ARE ACCUSED OF HAVING j
FORGED THE LATE MILLIONAIRE WILLIAM M. RICE'S NAME TO CHECKS. THEY ALSO PRO
j DUCHB IN COURT A WILL BELIEVED BY THE RICE HEIRS TO BE FRAUDULENT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Oct. 14. — Abdel Karin.
Prince of Egrypt and high priest of the
Cult of Truth Kr.owers. has disappeared.
After a brief sojourn at Kenosha. W's.,
whither he had come all the way from
Egypt to found his sect, he has suddenly
left, supposedly for Egypt, with his cof
fers enriched to the extent of many thou
sands of dollars, which, it is rumored, he
will use to prorogate his religion In the
Orient.
Hundreds of sane poisons in the United
States, among them many women of
wealth, .have been infatuated and enthu
siastic followers of this new leader.
Hundreds of dollars have been subscribed
by various persons, mainly to further the
Interests of the new religion in. this
country- Among: the most enthusiastic
proselytes of the Sect of Truth Knowerj,
if report he true, is a San Francisco mil
lionaire woman, well known as a leader
in philanthropic and educational move
ments. It is said she has turned over into
the hands of Prince Abdel Karin the Bum
of JJO.OOO. to be used in the teaching of
his religion in this country. ;..¦ 3
Kenosha was selected as the -site for
the erection of a temple In v#-<h the
Truth Knowers would congregate to wor-
Ftalp a personal god alosg strange, care
fully concealed Oriental tenets. But Ab
del Karin has gone and has carried away
with him the material evidence of the
sympathy of his followers, who were won
Into the fold by the many picturesque
characteristics of this mysterious new
religion.
Some call the religion Mohammedanism;
others call It Buddhism, while still. other's
cat! it theosophy; but Abdel Karin calls
It simply "knowing the truth." Much ro
mance surrounds Its introduction into the
United States, ft has not sprung- up in a
year or two. It hns been growing slowly
but steadily for eight years and every
important city from New York to the
Mississippi Valley claims a vig-orou3 col
ony of "Truth Knowers."
Millionaire San Francisco Woman
Said to Have Entrusted
$10,030 to His Care. .
HEADED A NEW CULT
Prince AMel Karin's De
parture-Mourned by
Many Victims. '
Higti Priest of "Truth
Knowers" Has
Disappeared.
FLEES WITH
GOLD OF HIS
FOLLOWERS
PATRICK AND HIS VALET
UNABLE TO GET BAIL
Continued on Second Pagrs.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— XO. 137
TRIAL OF HENRY YOUTSEY
TO BE RESUMED TO-DAY
Continued on Second Page.
The San Francisco CallUNIDENTIFIED MAN. a tramp who
was stealing a ride on the first mall
coach; body ground to pieces.
The injured: Lewis -Reynolds, engineer
of the express; lives at Elkhart, Ind.:
skull fractured and Internally Injured;
probably fatal.
H. J. JEROCH, fireman of the train, 28
years old; lived at Elkhart. Ind.; caught
under the wreckage of the engine and
body cut in half.
The dead are
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— An open switch at
Eighty-fifth street. South C*!cago, be
lieved to have been purposely 7"^ilaced,
caused the death of two men. seriously
injured another and made wreckage of
the engine and forward part of the New
York and Boston express train on the
Lake Shore Railroad to-night. The en
gine was demolished and two mail and
two express" cars were piled up in a heap,
but the five passenger coaches directly
behind the baggage cars did not leave the
track and their occupants escaped injury.
FREDERICK IMPROVES.
Condition of Dowager Empress Is
Reported Satisfactory
KRONBERG. Oct. 14.— The condition of
the Dowager Empress Frederick to-day
Is satisfactory.
LONDON, Oct. 14.— The following an
nouncement appears to-day in the court
circular: "The Queen has been In some
anxiety for a week owing to the unsatis
factory accounts of the health of Empress
Frederick. Reports now, however, are fa
vorable." -
BERLIN, Oct..l4.— Last week the Bourse
had a severe setback, which wiped out the
advance made the week before. There
were numerous factors exerting an unfa
vorable influence upon speculation. The
Chinese situation is now considered unfa
vorable. The rise in New York exchange
and the unsatisfactory condition of the
Iron and coal trades depressed values
generally.
Coal shares had the worst week perhaps
of the last six months. "Westphalian
newspapers have asserted that the sup
plies are likely to outrun the demand
after next April. Many standard coal
shares fell more than ten points. The
money market has grown apprehensive
that German gold will go to New York
exchange having reached a point at which
the demand cannot be satisfied. Never
theless, "nothing is known here of exports
of gold to confirm the report cabled from
the United States, although it Is admitted
that New York bankers were making in
quiries here during the early part of the
week. There is high authority for the
statement that no gold has been taken
from. the Reichsbank for export.
Private discount rose to 4^4 on Friday,
in sympathy with London, but call money
remains abundant at from 3 to 3y^ per
cent. While the Reichsbank state'ment
showed a more unfavorable movement
than In 1S99, the status remains much
stronger than then. The bank does not
contemplate advancing the rate.
Government funds showed little change
Three-and-a-halfs improved slightly and
threes remained about stationary. The
loan is at 100 6-10, but no sales are report
ed at that figure. Bank stock fell from
two to four points during the week. Do
mestic railways declined heavily during
the early part of the week, but regained
somewhat yesterday.
Northern Pacific shares rose sharply
yesterday, more than refraining the
ground lost earlier in the week. Other
Americans attracted but little interest.
The Dresden and Deutsche banks pro
pose to* list on the Berlin Bourse scrip of
the Anatolian Railway to the value of
60,000.000 francs. ,
Money Market Grows Apprehensive
That German Gold Will Go to
America.
BOURSE OF BERLIN HAS
VERY SEVERE SETBACK
Those who are fond of traveling (and who Is
not) will hail with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming: land
ha3 until now been accessible only by slow
sailing: vessels,, but on November 1st the popu
lar steamship Australia will sail direct, mak
ing the -trip in 10^4 days. A reduced round
trip rate has been made for the first trip. Call
at 613 Market street' for sailing list. •
Papeete the Beautiful.
Powers Concentrating Warships.
ROME, Oct. 14.— According to a dispatch
from Taku to the Tribune the. expedition
to Faotlng-Fu. alma to assure, In addition
PEKING. Sept. ll.-English and Ameri
can papers have just been received which
make interesting reading for the Minis
ters and their families, telling aa they
do all about their supposed death anj
¥\!\ ln £ }Z a F lc detall s as to how the men
killed their .women folk, how members
of certain legations were boiled in oil
and other harrowing pictures of the last
days of the siege. There Is a certain gen
tleman living in Shanghai better known
to the world as "the Shanghai liar." who.
if he were here, would probably meet a
warm reception from some of his resusci
tated victims.
Correspondence of the Associated Press
Imaginary Massacres.
Peking Ministers See Accounts of
READ OF THEIR , OWN DEATHS
Referring to the action of the foreign
envoys In Peking, the National Zeitunp
says: 'The envoys have spoken. The
next step is to enforce their decisions."
•Most of the papers to-day discuss the
expression "world empire" used by Em
peror William in his speech at the laying
of the corner-stone of tho Imperial mu
seum at Saalberg, all denying that Ger
many has any such intention as might
seem to have been implied. The Vossische
Zeltung says that the time has passed
when mankind generally would tolerate
the hegemony of single power. The Co
logne Gazette, the National Zeltung the
Nord Deutsche AUegemeine Zeltune' the
Berliner Tageblatt and the Berliner 'post
give utterance to similar sentences.
BERLIN, Oct. 13.— Germany's China pol
icy is growing unpopular among the great
manufacturers in "West Germany, owing
to the severe reaction in business, the ab
sence of orders and the heavy fall in in
dustrial shares.
SaaVberg Speech.
GERMANY'S POLICY UNPOPULAR
Berlin Press Criticizes the Kaiser's
He also refers to the valuable services
"rendered by Mr. Squlers. secretary of
the United States legation."
The Times, commenting editorially upon
Dr. Morrison's narrative, says: "The
whole story justifies In the fullest manner
Emperor William's attitude toward the
authors of the atrocities. It proves be
yond a reasonable doubt the responsibil
ity of the high officials and the Tsung 11
Yamen."
Dr. Morrison in to-day's Times con
cludes his dramatic description of the
siege of Peking. He expresses the deep
obligation of all those confined In the
British legation to the "splendid services
of Rev. Dr. Frederick D. Gamewell, head
of the Methodist mission board, to whom
was due the designing and construction
of all our defenses, and who carried out
in the most admirable manner Sir Claude
Macdonald's ideas and suggestions."
"It is asserted," says the Shanghai cor
respondent of the Times, writing yester
day, "that the Russians have seized the
Niuchwang Railway at the terminus of
the Shanhal-Kwan line. This is the first
step the Russians have taken on the right
bank of the Amur. The Russian south
ern and northern armies have joined
hands at '.icniling, north of Mukden,
thereby placing all of Manchuria east of,
the river Liao and a portion west of the
stream in the hands of Russia."
recces in China.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— A special dispatch
from Peking, dated October 12, says:, "At
the American legation Li Hung Chang ex
pressed regret for the recent occurrences
and thanked the Americans for their good
treatment of the Chinese. He promised
to request that negotiations be begun at
the Tsung 11 Yamen two days hence and
to exclude Yung Lu from them."
Expresses Regret for Recent Occur-
The Standard publishes mail advices
from Tientsin giving a list of fifty-four
documents that were seized in the Yamen
of the Viceroy after the capture of the
city and fell into the hands of the corre
spondents before the military authorities
had seized the Yamen. These Include re
ceipts for money paid to Boxer generals
for supplies to their trr«7ps of 'very kind,
reports of action and lists of casualties
and rewards paid to generals and the
families of the killed, all clearly proving
that the authorities maintained the. Boxer
movement by lavish expenditures.
EARL LI THANKS AMERICANS.
Yat Sen, the reformer, has raised his Lag,
and have scattered the rebels.
Continued From First Page.
FEAR SERIOUS
REBEL RUB
to the chastisement of the Bdxer chiefs,
the exploitation of the railway. It Is ex
pected to last about forty days. Th*
Italian cruiser Vesuvie. the dlspatrh
says, has left Taku for Shanghai, "where
the powers are concentrating numerous
warships In view of possible trouble."
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 14.— The Boers are
very active in the Kroonstadt d^trlct.
General Dewet has proclaimed that
burghers who refused to fight would be
made prisoners of war. . •
British mounted infantry scouting from
Lindley had Captain Willshire killed
through mistaking a party of forty Boers
In khaki uniform for friends. Boer com
mandos continuously harass the British
column while marching from Lindley to
Kroonstadt. The Boers captured a de
tachment of the Cheshire regiment, which
was escorting an empty wagon, near
Frankfort. They released the driver but
kept the wagon.
LONDON, Oct. 14.— The War Office has
received the following from Lord Roberts,
dated Pretoria, Saturday, October 13:
"A satisfactory little affair occurred
near Frankfort on Thursday. Colonel
Grove, with the West Kents surprised a
Boer laager at dawn, killed seven, wound
ed nine and captured eighteen."
The intercession of the Princess of
Wales, Vays a dispatch from Copenhagen
to the Daily Telegraph, has secured the
liberation of some Danes, who were com
pelled by the Boers to fight against the
British, and had been imprisoned at
Simonstown.
Captain Willshire Killed in
an Ambush Near
Lindley.
BRITISH LED
INTO A TRAP
B Y BURGHERS
HALIFAX, N. S., Oct. 14.— Additional
disasters to shipping on this coast ara
reported. The known list of vessels
driven ashore now number thirty, mostly
owned in this province and Newfound
land. The loss all over the country and
in the neighboring provinces through
terrific rainfalls and washouts and dam
age to orchards and buildings by heavy
winds will be heavy.
The Canadian Pacific wires connecting
Cape Breton with the rest of Nova Scotia
are completely broken at the Straits oi
Canso, w"here the cable was fouled by a
schooner dragging her anchor in the re
cent gale.
Heavy rain is falling again to-day
throughout Nova Scotia. Rivers and
lakes are everywhere overflowing and
destroying property. There has been no
Canadian Pacific train from Montreal in
four days, and a serious wreck o£ the
Sydney "express, caused by a washout, is
reported at Cape Breton.
The Gloucester schooner Mystery, at
Canso, reports one man lost at sea.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14— Incoming trans-
Atlantic steamers all report very heavy
weather and high seas. The Hamburg-
American liner Cap Frio had heavy gales
with high seas from October 3 to 7.
From that 'time until the 11th the wind
moderated but little. " On the 12th it
Increased and blew with hurricane force,
and at 2 o'clock in the afternoon a tre
mendous sea broke over the bows, smasn
ing the bridge and severely injuring Cap
tain von Holten.
The log of the French liner La Touraine
shows that on every day since she left
Havre with but one exception, last Thurs
day, strong winds -with heavy seas and
swells buffeted the vessel.
The Leyland liner, Captain Corrigan,
and the White Star liner Nomadic re
port heavy seas and strong winds
throughout the passage.
DELAYED BY WASHOUTS.
Passengers Stormbound on the Cana-
dian Pacific Railway.
SUCCESS OF A NEW
YORK ELECTRICIAN
ST. JOHN, N. B., Oct. 14.— Two hundred
passengers- who left Boston and Montreal
on Thursday arrived here by river boat
at 10 o'clock to-night, in consequence of
the washouts which occurred on every
branch of the Canadian Pacific in New
Brunswick on Thursday. The eastbound
express was caught at Green Point and
for three days could not move a mile. The
passengers were taken into Fredericton
Junction and cared for. To-day the twen
ty-mile Fredericton branch had been par
tially repaired and the passengers were
taken into Fredericton with a transfer at
Glaziers, where there is still a 200-foot
gap. At Fredericton. the passengers were
put on a river boat which made the eigh
ty-two-mile run to St. John in six hours.
If will be at least a week before the
damage on the forty miles of the main
line between St. John and Fredericton
Junction can be repaired sufficiently to
permit the resumption of traffic and the
river route will be used until then.
Conies'Over Thirty Thousand. Volts
Through an Underground Ca-
ble Three Miles Long.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Oct. 14.— A remarka
ble series of experiments was conducted
here to-day by Henry Floyd of New, York,
who successfully accomplished the feat
of dairying 30.200 volts of electricity
through an Underground cable three miles
long. The highest voltage hitherto attain
ed with this olass of conductor was 20.000
volts, which was secured at Niagara
Falls, ajid electrical engineers have long
been experlmentinc with a view to at
taining a maximum of 25,000 volts.
The cable consists of three copper con
ductors, each about the size of an ordi
nary lead pencil, each being enclosed in a
paper tube and the whole encased in a
lead sheet and drawn through vitlrifled
clay conduits. The cable is part of the
system by which the St. Paul Gas. Light
and Power Company will utilize the water
power at Apple River, Wls., the other
twenty-four miles of wire being overhead.
As a result. of this experiment they will
carry an average voltage of 25,000 volts,
furnishing 6000 horse power for lighting
and power purposes.
Court Makes Slow Progress.
SHANGHAI. Oct. 14.— The progress of
the Chinese court toward Slngan-Fu, tho
new capital, has been delayed in conse
quence of the presence of supposed Mo
hammedan rebels in the province of
Shenal.
Additional Shipping Disas
ters Reported Along Coast
of Nova Scotia.
HEAVY LOSS
IS WROUGHT BY
MUD AND RAIN
<<NOW, GENTLEMEN, ALL TOGETHER."
—Philadelphia Inquirer.
cellent shape when he reaches Xew York.
XEW YORK, Oct. 15.-t>lr. Bryan is
scheduled to arrive in this city via the
New York Central Road at 2:40 o'clock
Tuesday afternoon. A committee will
meet him, including- Adlai E. Stevenson
and "Webster Davis. He will be taken to
the Hoffman House, where suits have
been reserved. Dinner with Mr. Bryan
and Mr. Stevenson as the Ruests of honor
will be served in the Moorish room at 5
o'clock. At dinner there will be not more
than twenty-five persons, intimate friends
of Mr. Bryan and Mr. Stevenson.
The party will leave the hotel at 6:50
p. m- in open carriages, with a platoon
of mounted police for escort, and go to
Madison Square Garden. John B. Stanch
lield, candidate for Governor, and Sena
tor Mackey will po first to Cooper Union.
where they will speak. After his Garden
speech Mr. Bryan will speak from a stand
at Madison avenue and Twenty-fourth
street, then in Tammany Hall and then
in Cooper Union. Mr. Stevenson will fol
low Mr. Bryan at each of the places
named.
The reception committee will remain in
charge of the distinguished guests until
after the meetings and will then turn
them over to the State Committee.
HENRY C. PAYNE'S FIGURES.
McKinley Certain of Two Hundred
and Seventy Electoral Votes.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— Henry C. Payne,
vice chairman of the Republican execu
tive committee, to-night gave out \ his
first forecast of the election. Mr. Payne
made an estimate of the votes by States,
and in doing so divided the States Into
four classes — S4 States,, having 270 elec
toral votes, certain for McKinley; 12
States, having 115 electoral votes, certain
for Bryan; 6 States, having 38 electoral
votes, in which the chances of Republi
can or Democratic success are even, and
3 States, having 24 votes, in which the
chances are CO to 40 in favor of the Dem
ocrats. • Mr. Payne's forecast Is based
on the last reports received from all
the States, and is as follows: I
For McKinley— California 9, Connecticut 6,
Illinois -t, Indiana 15, Iowa 13, Kansas 10,
Maine €. Massachusetts 15, Michigan 14, Min
nesota 9. New Hampshire 4. . New Jersey 10,
New York 36, North Dakota 3. Ohio 24. Oregon
4, Pennsylvania 31. Rhode Island 4. South Da
kota 4. Vermont 4, Wa?hln*rton 4, West Vir
ginia 6. Wisconsin 12. Wyoming: 3. Total, 170.
For Bryan— Alabama 11. Arkansas 8, Florida
4, Georgia 13. I»uislana 8. Mississippi 9, Mon
tana S, North Carolina 11. South Carolina 9,
Tennessee 12, Texas 15. Virginia 12. Total, 113.
Bven chances — Delaware 3, Kentucky 13,
Maryland S, Nebraska 8, Nevada 3, Utah 3.
Total. 2S.
Sixty to forty in favor of Democrats—Colo
rado 4, Idaho 3, Missouri 17. Total, 24.
It is alt=o asserted. Is well aware of this
fact, for if he. is defeated for the Presi
dency and the Nebraska Legislature is
fusion the chances are ten to one that he
will become a United States Senator.
While the fupi<wiists will not admit pub
licly the possibility of Mr. Bryan's defeat
for the Presidency, and while the Populist
National Committee gave out to-night fig
ures to show that his success is assured,
the honest conviction of many is that his
case Is hopeless, and. with his defeat this
year, they frankly admit, he cannot as
rlre a third time to become the standard
bearer of either Democrats or Populists.
sieged by Committees.
i o save their idol from political oblivion,
therefore. It is maintained he must look
to Nebraska, and in Nebraska the most
promising'«and. in fact, only immediate
opening Is a teat In the L'nlted States
Senate.
BRYAlfS OHIO TEIP RESTFUL.
Democratic leader Has Not Be«n Be-
AKRON, Ohio, Oct. 14.— William J. Bry
an spent the day very quietly. He was
the guest of Judye Grant aJid, aside from
going cut to church in the forenoon, he
remained indoors all day. He attended
the Wtstcott Congregational Church and
heard a sermon preached by Kev. J. L.
Davis. There were no political references
in the Ftrmoa and Mr. Bryan was allowed
to come and go a^ any oilier visitor would
have been.
To-morrovr Mr. Bryan will continue his
Ohio tour and will tlose It with a night
meeting at Cleveland, afttr which he will
proceed to New York. During to-morrow
fc-l><-eehes will be made at New Philadel
pfcia. Alliance, Niles, Your.gstown and
JUevittPburg, in addition to, Cleveland.
iir. Bryan has found his Ohio tour com
paratively restful, lie has not been re
quired to" make so many speeches a day,
tind ia. mest cases the >?j>euking stands
have been Jn the immediate vicinity of the
railrcad stations. He has al?o been re
lieved of the constant presence of local
committees on the train. The practice in
most States is for committees from each
town at which Mr. Bryan is scheduled to
rpvak to meet hi? train an hour or two
l>efore their town is reached and ride in
with him. The cor.sequenca is that the
train is generally overcrowded and Mr.
Aryan's time and" ptrensth overtaxed. In
the Ohio tour the State Commiw.ee has
been represented, but committees from
the various Flopping places have not been
encouraged by the State managers, the
result beins to give the. national candidate
far more time fur rest and reading and
the preparation of speeches than he or
dinarily has. The good effect of this is
eeen in the physical condition of the can
didate, lie row bids fair to be in ex-
FIFTY-ONE CAPTIVE
AMERICANS RESCUED
Captain Devereaux Shields and His Men
Released From a Filipino Prison
on Marinduque.
MANTXA. Oct. 14, 12:15 p. m.— Fifty-one American soldiers be
longing to the Twenty-ninth Infantry, including Captain Devcreaux
Shields, recently captured by Filipinos on the island of Marinduque.
were rescued yesterday by a force sent for that purpose.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASIIING
TON. Oct. 14.— Secretary Long has
" decided not to return at this time
any of the marines now in the Philippines.
Instead it Is decided to augment the
American forces in the archipelago as
much as possible, and . if more marines
should be available they will be sent to
M:t:.i!a. Reinforcements are necessary
because of the contemplated reduction of
Genera] MaeArihur's command by the
withdrawal of volunteers.
The War Department has practically
determined to adopt General Davis' rec-
Bmmendation and reduce the military
force in Porto Rico. The troops relieved
¦will bo brought to the United States and
then s<Mit to Manila. Th^re are eight
companies of th<* Tenth Infantry in Porto
Kic<\ which it is believed can l>e spared
from the island, and these will be a we.-
come addition to General MacArthur's
command. .««*
It having been found Impossible to com
plete the plans of the projected battle
ships within the time specified. Secretary
Lonp has directed the postponement of
the date for the opening of bids until De
cember 7. Bids for the projected armored
cruisers will be opened on the same day.
The department will, as a result of the
competition, award contracts for eleven
armorelads. five battleships and six
armored cruisers."
It Is expected that In accordance with
the terms of the laws authorizing the
ships the department will contract for
two battleships and two armored cruisers
to be built on the Pacific Coast, the re
maining seven ships to be constructed on
the Atlantic seaboard. Requests have
been received by Rear Admiral Hichborn
from many shipbuilders for sets of plans
of both types of ships, and this he regards
as an indication of prospective competi
tion. The bids for the projected protected
cruisers will not be opened until Febru-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Continued From First Page,
BRYAN AND ICE TRUST
GRILLED BY ROOSEVELT
LEADING THE CONCERT.
No orders have been received as yet
irom headquarters of any of the compa
nies instructing; superintendents to re
sume work to-morrow The miners say
T>- ey ! J'' m not P" to work until advised by
President Mitchell.
OPEKATOES WILL NOT YIELD.
President cf ths Temple Iron Com-
pany Issues a Statement.
SCRANTOX, Pa., Oct. 14.— In response
to a requc st for a statement as to hia
views on the answer of th© United Mino
\v oncers to the operators' proposition. T.
H. Calkins, president of the Temple Iron
SSffin coal Ch m r° mp;iny i3 Ia - rgCl * ia 
icnsita in toal mtnir.ir to-nlsht srave out
rnis.a^e or being gui-Jttl and Irfluvnced hv
men who. however h..ne*t «iJ . "".'"' " l «» «y
H |&^ p~ ¦5~H-S
them intelligently ana for the?r best gooU b«-
Mr. Mitchell apparently thinks that tho con
trol of the mining operations rests In tha
hands of one or two p*-r>«on?. notahlv Mr Mor
gan: or that there l 3 a. irus: of some sor* 1
which can decide the who!» question when aa
a matter of fact, there are only thre« or four
of the transDortaUon nomr>anlps in which any
one concerned has any influence, and they do
not represent 30 per cent of the whole, anthra
cite tonnase. More than F0 different compa
nies and Individuals are Interested In mining
the total tonnage, and no one man can con
trol or have the slightest Influence over th^ir
action.
There are some Individual operators and some
companies who will lose their last dollar Hfora
they will enter any arrangement with any
operator or will ¦?o.ln In an arrangement to t ju
ognize the union by agreeing to any arrange
ment Mr. Mitchell's organization dictates fur \.
settlement of the strike.
Our company will be glad to discuss the mat
ter with our employes when they are realy
to meet us ivlth, a view of going 1 back to work
without regard to what SchuylklU operators
may do. The strike has already cost ua a great
deal of money and the men much more, a.< well
as loss of trade which we may not recover !r\
years. In the meantime sort coal mines ar*
working night and day filling the place o*
anthracite coal.
Before giving the statement Mr. Wa*
kins submitted it to the various opernmr*.
among them Superintendent Lathrop c{
the Lehigh Valley Coal Company ac
"Wllkesbarre. and it received unanimous
approval. The fact that J. P. Monran
& Co. are allied with tho Temple lr->n,
Company and that Mr. AVatkins and Mr.
Lathrop are chairmen of the operators'
committees in their respective terrltortej
gives added Importance to th© statement,
A conference of operators Is to tak*
place to-morrow afternoon at 1 o'clock at
the office of tho Temple Iron Company.
Its immediate purpose is not declared, but
generally speaking, it is as erood as cer-'
tain that the counter proposition made by
the miners is to be considered.
Pennsylvania Coal Operators Not in
Favor of Granting Further Conces
sions to the Unions.
SHAMOKIN. Pa.. Oct. 14.— The terms of
the Scranton convention are not accept
able to operators and representatives of
coal-carrying companies in this place and
Mount Carmel. The Reading officials do
not think the sliding scale will be abol
ished by the company, while operators are
averse. to slening •» contract binding them
to pay the 10 per cent Increase until April.
There Is a fear prevalent in this region
that if some of the men do return to work
trouble probably would arise through the
efforts of the strikers to persuade the
men to remain on strike. All the collieries
that are working . still retain heavy
guards.
HAZLETON, Oct. 14.-The Individual
coal operators who could be seen here to
day declined to discuss the action taken
by the anthracite miners' convention at
Scranton yesterday. Neither would they
gay what steps the employers would prob
ably take. It is evident from their retl
cenctf that the individual mine-owners are
awaiting to know what the mine carriers
will do. It is reported iri the coal region
to-night that the presidents of the com
panies will hold a conference In Xew York
to-morrow for a discussion of the action
of the convention. *
There was a story afloat to-^ay that the
operators would accept the convention's
decision, but nothing has come to the sur
face in thi3 region on which to base the
report.
The United Mine Workers' officials say
they are now again waiting on the oper
ators and that they will continue to close
the collieries that have been In operation
since the strike began, several weeks ago.
There are many reports In circulation
that If the strike continues much longer a
break in the ranks of the idle men will
occur. President Mitchell and his asso
ciate officials, however, reassert their con
fidence that the men, both union and non
union, will remain away from the mines
until after the strike Is declared off.
Superintendent Chase of the Lehigh
Coal Company said: "Not much de
pendence can be placed on the men when
it comes to arbitration. This was shown
in tho case of Mr. Markle.- He favored
arbitration, but at the behest of Mr.
Mitchell his miners repudiated the agree-,
ment they made with their employer. The
demand of the strikers that the operators
should agree to pay the Increased wages
for a fixed period is too arbitrary, and the
operators will hardly agree to It."
Despite the views of the operators, the
Impression here Is that the strike will be
ended this week.
WILKESBARRE. Pa., Oct. 14.-A can
vass of the operators of the Wyoming
Valley to-day shows that there Is consid
erable opposition to granting the miners
any more concessions than those outlined
In the original offer— namely. 10 per cent
increase without any conditions. The In
dividual operators especially are opposed
to tying themselves up* to any agreement.
One operator said the only way the strike
could be settled was for the strikers to
accept the 10 per cent without any pro-
Visions.
DISPOSED TO REJECT
DEMAND OF STRIKERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*, MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1900.
Stops the Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qui
nin<» Tablets cure a coW In one day. No cure,
so it;-. Pr.ce 23 cents.' •
BIG RAILWAY CONVENTION
TO MEET IN KANSAS CITY
American Association Is Assured That
a Splendid Exhibit Will Be
Made.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 14.— T. C. Penning
ton of Chicago, secretary and treasurer
of the American Street Railway Associa
tion, is in the city to make the final ar
rangements for the nineteenth annual
convention of that body, which will be
gin at Convention Hall next Tuesday.
"The exhibits of electrical, manufactur
ing and supply companies," said Mr.
Pennington, "wiU be more varied than
ever before. Twenty thousand feet of
floor space will be used for this purpose.
It will be one of the largest meetings of
the association ever held. There will be
about 400 active street railway men from
all parts of the country, as well as about
1500 others."
The exhibits are already in place.
A big Eastern contingent, headed by
H. H. Vreeland of New York, will ar
rive on Monday night in a magnificently
appointed special train.
The Street Railway Accountants' As
sociation of America, made up of the au
ditors and chief accountants of the com
panies whose managers attend- the street
railway convention, will hold its annual
meeting here at the same time.
TRADE WITH PHILIPPINES
IS GROWING VERY RICH
During Past Nine Months the Im
ports Aggregated $15,102,879 and
• the Exports $12,928,464.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— The division
of the War Department has made public
a bulletin upon the trade of the Philip
pine Islands. The statement covers a pe
riod of nine months, » ending March 31,
1900, and sets forth that during that time
merchandise to the value of $15,102,879 was
imported into the Philippines and goods
to the value of $12,928,464 went out of the
islands to. foreign ports. During the pe
riod named 54,137 tons of Manila hemp,
valued at $8,106,340, were exported, of
which the United States took 1S.1S3 tons,
valued at $2,476,926; the United Kingdom
took $3,964,347 worth and 4808 tons, valued
at $708,808 went to China.- The commerce
in gold and silver coins brings the total
importation to $16,751,800 and tho total
value of all exportation to $14,634,236.
The trade' with the United States alone
amounted to an exportation of $2,650,450
of goods and importations of the value of
$1,080,149.
STRIKE SETTLEMENT NEAR.
Senator Hanna Says a Compromise
Soon Will Be Effected.
CHICAGO. Oct. 14.-^Senator .Hanna.
when J asked about his statement made
last night during a political meeting at
Forty-secon'd and Sherman streets that
the. Pennsylvania miners' strike would
come to an end to-day, said:
"I do not profess prophetic insight into
the strike situation in Pennsylvania, but
the last news received from the center of
the disturbance Is to the effect that a
settlement is near. A dispatch received
by business men coincides with this state
ment and I am told a compromise of the
difficulty^ a certainty within a few days
ax least. ¦
ROBERT WALMSLEY HELD
IN NEW YORK HOSPITAL
San Franciscan Found Wandering on
a Brooklyn Street Is Being
Cared For.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.-Magistrate Kra
mer, sitting in the Lee-avenue police
court at Williamsburg, declined to enter
tain any charge against Robert Walms
ley, a wealthy San Francisco broker, who
was found wandering about the streets of
Brooklyn last night. Mr. Walmsley has
in his possession a draft for £4S0 on the
London and San Francisco Bank at 71
Lombard street, London, besides* a gold
watch and chain and some valuable se
curities.
When found on the street last night Mr.
Walmsley acted so erratically that he was
taken to the station house for safekeep
ing. Mr. Walmpley to-day talked ration
ally of his affairs and to-night was wait
ing for a friend to come after him. The
old man had a saloon ticket for the
steamship Deutschland and says he is
going to make an extended European trip.
To-night Mr. Walmsley was removed by
the police to the Eastern District Hospi
tal. Superintendent Wlegand of that In
stitution says the surgeons thought the
man was suffering from dementia. He
will be kept there until word is received
from San Francisco or some friends call
for him.
STILL HAVE FAITH IN
THE PANAMA CANAL
Officers of the Company Believe They
Have a Better Route Than
by Nicaragua.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.-M. Hutin, direct
or general and president of the board of
directors of the Panama Canal Company;
General Abbott, chief engineer, and w!
N. Cromwell, counsel for the canal com
pany, were passengers on the steamer La
Touralne from Havre.
. "The Panama Canal Company," said
General Abbott, "is waiting for the rec
ommendation of the Walker Commission
to Congress and for the action of that
body. I believe that the decision will be
in favor of the Panama canal as being'
more feasible, economical and giving bet
ter results. If the decision is against the
Panama canal the company will never
theless go on building it. I believe that
Jf both the Panama and Nicaragua canals
are built nine-tenths of the vessels will
choose the Panama canal as being the
better. What the Walker commission
heard when In Paris was a revelation to
them. Already between three and four
million cubic yards have been taken out
down there, and two-flfths of the work
has been done."
NZED NEW MACHINERY.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.-A letter re-
celved at the United States I>epartment
of Agriculture from Penrith College, New
South, Wales, Australia, calls attention to
the great need of improved types- of
agricultural machines In that colony. The
writer states that there are not half a
dozen machines for cutting and collecting
maize in New. South Wales, and a ma
chine for cutting sugar cane would be
ereatly appreciated by the cane growers
in the north of that colony and in Queens
land. He suggests that there are great
opportunities there for American manu
facturers of agricultural machines who
are desirous of .extending their business
outside of the United States.
HONEY PLENTIFUL IN
THE LONDON MARKET
Week Closes "With Easy Conditions
and a Rise in Consols and the .
War Loan.
LONDON, Oct. 14.— The Stock Exchange
eras considerably upset last week owing
to the ft-ar that money will become dearer
despite the fact that it is so plentiful that
rates for ?hort advance? were lower than
thev had been for months. This appre
her^on was due to the expectation of
hup~ exportation of pold to America to
gether with the fact that about £l v 000.0O)
was withdrawn for Germany and hgypt.
Jn corse<ju«»nce business was brought to a
etar.dEtni and the tone of the market was
heavy To all This Berlin and \ ienna sell
i-e con'ributed. The week closed, how
ever, with easier conditions, consols rising
to 'jS' 2 and the war loan to SS>i-
Amerienns. after moderate declines, re
covered, and the ehanpes on the week
were not important. Union Pacific closed
one point u;>. I'nion l^acllic preferred
rose 3 -» New York Central &4. Baltimore
and Ohio pr<-ferre<l hi. Baltimore and Ohio
ordinary *i Loulsvllle and Nashville V.j.
Atchlsoo 'I'r-n"! Northern Pacific Vi. Erie
avA a lew others fell «4 to *i.
Movements in minins shares were Tor
the mc*z part downward, lianGs railing
S-16 a:vl others 1-1C to %i All the old at
tractions faik-d to draw customers, and
the operators trying to find new fields for
th< j r (¦"•.•rt.risc, f:iu«-«'.-<lfcd in setting up a
vrild bcom for jur.Kles. as West Africans
are called, but th" whole movement was
¦who'.ly professional, the public at large
rcmafr.inp uninrer^sted.
Bar silver which for seme time past
has been bought for India mintage pur
poses fell sharply on Friday to 2S% on
the announcement that the buying was
over It remains dull and unchanged.
Money was abundant. On call 1 to Mi
per cent, for a week 2 to 2Vi and on three
months' 'bills S'i to 4.
REFTJSES THE PRIZES.
Belmont Evidently Does Not Believe
Eainbow Should Have Been Dis-
qualified.
XEW YORK. Oct. 14.— Aufrust Belmont,
owner of the ?evonty-footer Minpola.
which fSr.ished second to Cornelius Van
d.rbilfs Ki'.Inbow In each of the races
•won durinK the past season by the latter
vacht. will decline ihe prizes lost to the
itair.bow through her disqualification by
the New York and Atlantic clubs. When
tjucFtioned to-ni«ht at his country home
at Hempstead, 1^. I.. Mr. Belmont. who
hap just returned from the South, said:
"*I will not accept the Rainbow prizes
for the MIneola under any circum
stances." ... .
l-'urther than to announce his aetermlna-
Uon on this po'.nt Mr. Belmont declined
to discuss the Rainbow controversy.
NO TRACE OF SCHRKTBEB.
NEAV YORK, Oct. ».— No news has
born received of the hiding place of Wil
liam Schreiber. the defaulting bookkeeper
t.f the EJizabcthport Bank. All the noted
gambling rtsons across the Atlantic are
fotng v/atched. as it is thought Schreiber's
love of betting will naturally lead him to
such places if he Is in Europe. The be
lief grows, however, that he Ie In or near
Xr-w York. Detectives to-<3ay assured
President IMdrttter that they had clews
which showed that Schreiber was in New
Jersey not far from his old home.
TRAIN WRECKED
BY PURPOSELY
BROKEN SWITCH
Two Men Killed and An
other So Badly Injured
He May Die.
It is believed that the wreck was caused
by some one who had deliberately broken
the switch. The locks which are used to
hold the switch in place had- been broken
and could not be found. The train was
running forty-five miles an hour when it
struck the switch.
2
DR, MEYERS & CO,
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
ESTABLISHED lSSt
VTe cure Lost Manhood and weak-
' ness which accompanies it. also
Private Diseases. Varicocele, Stric-
ture, Blood Poison, Diseases of tha
Kidneys, Bladder, etc
Patients may pay when well or la
monthly installments. Home cures
a specialty. Private book, question
list, etc.. free at office or by maiL
Correspondence confidential.
HOUI:S— Daily, S to 5. Eveninej.
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 1L ELEVA-
TOR ENTRANCE.
721 MARKET STREET,
¦ d* San Ff'aneisco.
A-nvv.'wis t.nvTrrKrr'ff .
MUNYON'SJGUARANTEE. -
¦tronjf AMertlon* n» to Just Wha|
the Remedies Will Do.
— r *^53i_ Munjoa rxarsntee.
'J^SE^ir^^S. i$ at h ' 9 R&enmatlsin
iESwSivfSffi^ ,7* wi:l curo nearly
m&f^^^SS ; $3L Usm to ¦ feTr bouri:
4£r £*£» "»*« w * d 7»p«p«>» co»»
? Kfsn "t v \i'x : \ wl " cure Indigestion «nd
VtfT /¦""*wuCr"v • ¦" stomach troubles:
Pf *2?Tl*i3iL!/ that W* KIdaey Cnr»
\« V^W wl^ cur * °° P** C8nt -
\_ Sutftif*! * f •'•! cases of ktiiney
* V. \f J^SXJ trouble; th»t hi* Ca-
yfo— *iy?-^ tarrb Core will eurn
_^fL_*5&yy f A*.:v catarrh no matter how
fc a * «taadln»; that hla
v V-'l^^iffirfa ><•. '^T Hfa<!.te»i«. Oir«> will cur«
r.,1 j ' Jte;y may kind of hetiUcbe la
I t " • few minute*; that
• hi a Cold Curt will
i quickly break m> aay
¦ma of cold «nJ «o on through th* entire list of
remedies. At all dnijcztst*. 23 cent* a rial.
If jon nrr.\ in»<ll<-al aiirlce write Prof, ilunron
1S06 Arch it. i'b>:i. ft Is ahwli::?:/ fre«.
~ r
6visr° OR -JORDAN'S antari
*ilUSE83 OF ANATOMY^
\ Cf T' 9 Largest Aaatonical Maseum In the \
U jWaiBr*^- v '' orli %v e**ae»so» ct toy contracted A
£ W&mb diMav; p<">ii J v.-l j, cured h_ lhe o |aeit Y
\ WW£i£ I ,t-«-"» lK »t"n fra and strict!* prir»:e.
A i YSM'r T" 1 ' 01 *"" pertonaUy or by letter. All
If Si fffk* /•a*-tna tVr« in every case undertaker!. '
Am M Wit "',.- for !Wfc. rsu i.uturut «r< 1
9 ¦ jf I" ma hk !.%«*:. jmileo Faaa. i a < '
1 O 11 "*t\nble bco!: for mrnj \
Y CH JURDAX & CO.. IX', MarftetSt..a F 9
niru *iai-^i-T» -T>' "%i *T£> ~T> "<tt> -%, fBuft
myviEN
LOST VIGOR
RESTORED !
fill or wnta far book ft »
DR. COOPER & C3. t '
3I3Ke»my3t»»S,
San Francisco. Cal.
Purelv vegetable. m n,l and reliable C*u««
perfect digestion, complete absorption «vfi
healthful regularity. v«-."u aaa
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach
Liver. Bowel*. Kidneys. Bladder. Femal*r ' „
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Co£J
.tlpatlon. Pllea and all derangements of tST
Internal Viscera. 23e a box. At Dru Rs i°ta oH
by mall. JtADWAY & CO.. 2s>£ Xojfc,Says She Did Her Duty as the Mother of the Boy
Who Was Misused by the Pedagogue.
MRS. TAYLOR IS GLAD THAT SHE
HORSEWHIPPED PROFESSOR MARTIN
PRINCIPALS IN THE SENSATIONAL \ HORSEWHIPPING EPISODE
¦WITNESSED ON SATURDAY BY HUNDREDS OF VISITORS TO
SANTA ROSA'S AGRICULTURAL. DISTRICT FAIR.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Oct. 14.— The steam
er Bertha arrived to-night from Copper
River with 170 passengers and $73,000 worth
of gold dust, the first from New Chisna
and Chistochina placers. All returning
miners praise the district.
Gold From the North.
pects ranginsr from J30 to $150 per day.
Bedrock Is two to eight feet below the
surface. Gold is most plentiful on bed
rock, but also permeates the gravel
above. Emma Creek gold assays $19 per
ounce, making It the purest of any Alas
kan gold save Mincok. Mr. MeNamer
will return in March.
Clarence Elliot of Mason City. Iowa,
who has arrived here from Nome, reports
the discovery of some large coal veins on
the Siberian coast, about 200 miles frcm
Notre. Elliot went to Ncme last sprins.
Finding the camp overcrowded he joined
six other men in an expedition to Siberia.
They soon found coal outcropuings in the
bluffs along the sea coast. The coal wa.-*
a good bituminous product, and they had
no difficulty In mining several hundrc!
tons. Later the steamer Corwin cama
alonsr the Siberian coast and they suc
ceeded In getting her to carry 20-0 tors to
Nome. It landed two days after the bit:
storm of a month ago and sold at $60 per
ton. Elliot, with some of his partners,
have gone East tc spend the winter. They
will return to Siberia early next summer.
It is their Intention to charter a steamer
and put several thousand tons of Siberian
coal on the Nome market.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Oct. 14.— That the middle fork I
of the Koyukuk River will become famous
for its cold diggings is claimed by Thom
as E. MeNamer of Forest Grove. Ore.,
who has arrived with news of another !
rich creek there. Emma Creek Is the
stream located by him. Through his de
velopment work and that of his a3so- '
elates It has b«>tn demonstrated to be a |
great treasure producer. This creek is a j
tributary of the middle fork of the Koyu- |
kuk. It lies in th*» same locality as llyr- I
tie Creek, which Is referred to as Jihe El •
Dorado of the new district, and Is about
nine miles lens, with a number of cold t
producing "pups." or short creeks, as
tributaries. !
MeNamer brought out about $300 worth I
of nuggets, which he and his friends took
from Emma Creek gravel. They consti
tute as pretty a collection of gold speci
mens as ever came from the north, rang
ing In value from $5 to $1CO. The largest
nugget is a curious product of erratic gla
cial action. It Is bent and twisted into
fantastic shape. MeNamer reached' the
district June 25 and left August 20 for the
outside. Considering the dlsadvantages
under which he labored, his work in the
Koyukuk district cculd hardly have been
more remunerative. Jn twelve days he
and six other men took $90<v> from claim
No. 2. They prospected the creek for
some distance, finding everywhere pros-
Valuable Finds on Emma Creek Dis
eovered and Named by Thomas
MeNamer.
RICH TRIBUTARY
OF THE KOYUKUK
CIXCINXATI. Oct. 14.— The executive com
mittee of tho Second District Grand Lodge, of
tho B'nal B'rlth met to-day in this city and
elected twenty-nine trusteea for tho new home
for consumptives at Denver to serve one year,
among them being Dr. . Albert Abrahams of
HAVANA. Oct. 14.— It is generally admitted
that yellow fever will increase in Havana
when the streets are opentd for the Installa
tion of the sewers, a work whicn -will proba
bly require three years. Major Lodge, pay
master for the division of Cuba, is down with
the fever.
BERLIK. Oct. 14.— Lieutenant Commander
William B<?eler, naval attache of the United
States Embassy, is suffering severely from
rneumonla.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Yet another of the princely domains be
longing to the Napoleons is about to pass
out of the possession of this family; for
the Chateau de Pranginp, which was for
merly the residence of Jerome Bonaparte,
and afterward that of Prince Jerome Na
poleon, is offered for sale, together with
the magnificent estate which surrounds
it. This Is due to the fact that Prince
Louis Napoleon, who has been ever since
he came of age the scapegrace member
of his family, has recently lost such enor
mous sums of money at cards that he can
only find the wherewlthall to pay ' his
"debts of honor" by celling this 'truly
regal estate, of which his father and
grandfather . before him were so proud.
The Empress Eugenie, who, if she had so
willed It. could have with tho neatest
ease helped Prince Louis out of these
new financial difficulties, is by no means
inclined to do so; not only because she Is
the reverse of generous, but also because
she simply abhors both Louis and Victor
Napoleon.— Pittsburg Dispatch,
To Lose a Fine Domain.
IRRIGATING DESERT
LANDS OF COLORADO
2Iany Artesian Weils Have Been
Eored and a Good Supply of
Water Found.
F7*cial D'.spateh to The Call.
SAN DISOO, Oct. 14.— Report? which
come from the Colorado iJesert within
ihe few days ure that since the
cool weather there have be^n many set
tlers gf'ing ir.to the country takir.g up
desert lai:d. The soil is rich. an«I they
eee in the wonderful strikes of arteFlan
v.atcr at Ir.dio the salvation of that val
ley. At Ir.dio there are nineteen wells
now. and the total amount of the water
c>vclcpe,d is about 230 inches.
The ia«t well, which was finished a *ew
day? ago. throws a strong stream nine
find a half inches above a thre^-inch pipe.
Experts assert that watf-r can be se
cured within <".00 feet anywhere on the
r.es*rt, and if that la so the desert end
of San Diego County will soon be some
thing besides a desert.
2COE.TAXITT AMO^'O DTDTATTS
Have Died by Dozens in the Coppei
River Country.
TACOMA. Wash.. Oct. 14.— Census Kna
m^rstcrs Berk and Sexton have reached
Juneau from Copper River, where the!r
summer's v.-crl: resulted in the enumera
tion of £X> Indiar.s and COO whites. The In
dians in that section have died this Fum
mer by dozens. This mortality result*
from the influence of minors and the de
struction «f the salmon s?u-ply by can
n» rits at the rar.oth of the rivers.
Mr. Heck reports th^.t on July 4 srr>ld
¦was found at Te>llr.a River. In three
wreck* four men took out J4w3 in coarse
cold.
Mr. Sexton thinks the copper belt of
Prince William Sound will produce untold
millions. He traveled several days with
Government Geologist Bchrad^r. who r-x
pre^sed himself a? believing that the de
jK»sits of copper there are unc-qualed in
the world. •
A ra'.lwav will be absolutely iwcessary
to develop* this rich country. Alone the
new Government trail to the Copper
River some very rich ore has been U2_ken
Th* Government te'.epraph line through
the Copper River country cannot be com
pleted this trinter. The work has been
hampered by the lack of hone*. The
line is so nearly completed that it can be
quickly finished In the spring
PEISONXB BREAKS JAIL.
George Jones Escapes From tne Bas-
tile at Hollister.
HOLLISTER. Oct. 14.— Georpe Jones, an,
*x-corv!ct. confined in the County Jail
for burp-lar-v. epcap-d from his cell last
niFht. He cut his way through the bars
and skylight with a saw which had been
conceskd in his bed and escaped to th*
roof. Ho th*-n let himself down by a
ror>« ar.<1 was fr*-<». It Is believed he had
outf!<3e assistance. ' _" ,
Jore5 tcrvc-d ten years In State s Prison
fcr a burjr'.arv committed in Tcharaa
County. The charrre on which he was con
fired h«rr«» v.as that of entering the resi
dence of K. O. PaidTvir. and stealing goods
valued at about 5230.
Bain in Arizona
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Oct. 14.— Report? from
various points In Northern Arizona state
that hf?vy rains have fallen In grazing
end tlmbf-r regior.s, reli«»vinjT the serious
s-ituation on cattle an<l theen ranges, and
provir.e cf incalculable benefit not only
to stockrnpn but to timber." as the pro
lorged drouc'it hed injur-vi tho pine for
<fts ani rausci many fire?, which had
<*.* Ft roved hundr •>¦<?!» of thousands of dol
lars' wortfi cf tlrrAHT.
Consul KcCook 111.
EEATTLE. Wash.. Oct. 14.— John C. Me-
Cook, T.'nited States Ccrsul at Dawson.
arrived to-day from the North on his way
to NVv; York and Virginia Hot Springs,
where he will bo treated for heart trouble.
He has obtained leave cf absence until
March.
Charged With Embezzlement.
SACRA1IKNTO. Oct. 14.— George Odell
Is undw arrest at Xtoseville on a war
rant charging: him with embezzling $1300
and two pold watches from Mrs. Martha
E. Browhard. proprietress of an employ
ment agency of this city.
Accidentally Killed.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct 14.— A 15-year-old
i*>y named Cahill was killed to-day at
Boulder Creek by the accidental dis
charge of a sun. The bullet penetrated
hla heart.
MUTILATED 30DY OF A
CHILD FOUND IN A BARN
Brutal Crime Committed by Some
INDIANS AMBUSCADE
MEXICAN TROOPS
TJnknown Party or Parties
at Dayton, Ohio.
DAYTON. Ohio. Oct. 14.— The body cf
A'la Lantz. the 12-year-old daughter of
Charles F. Lar.tz, a carpenter, was found
in the rear of her father's residence last
night. A s-urpri«e party had been tender
f-d her parents, and while the guests were
playing cards the little girl left the house.
Her absence was not discovered for half
an hour and after a search of the prem
ises her body was found.
Circumstances Indicate that an assault
had been committed upon the child, and
this was borne out to-day by the Cor
oner's investigation. The body was terri
bly mutilated.
Will Take Many Weeks of Campaign-
ing to Overcome Barriers Erect
ed by the Red Hen.
CHICAGO. Oct. 14.— A dispatch to the
Record from Oaxaca. Mexico, says: Tho
advancing column of the Government
troops who are making their way toward
Chan Santa Cruz, the stronghold of the
Maya Indians, have been subjected to a
series of attacks from Indians in ambush
•luring the last ten days, and these at
tacks have resulted in considerable loss
of men on the part of the Government
trocps.
It is now realized that it will take many
mere weeks of hard campaigning to over
come '.he barriers that surround the.In
dian stronghold. There is considerable
hlckness among the troops.
WOMAN CYCLIST STILL
OUT FOE A EECORD
3Iiss Margaret Gast Pedaling 1 Away
at Mark Made by William
* Brown.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14— Miss Margaret
Gast. who Is attempting to break Will
Brown's record for 2000 miles, hnished 1700
miles at Valley Stream. N. Y.. to-day in
If<2 hours and 10 minutes. This was at
10:13 p. m. She continued riding and at
4:10 p. m.. had 1756 miles to her credit.
She then continued riding throughout
the night. When she had finished her
1700th mile she was one hour and thirty
five ylnutcs behind Brown's record.
A DEMENTED WANDERER.
Bslieved to Be Isaac Shadd of Center
ville, la.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 14.— A middle-aged
man. greatly emaciated, was discovered
wandering in the river bed this morning.
From documents on his person it appears
his name is Isaac Shadd. and that he was
formerly a resident of Centervllle. Iowa.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where an investigation showed that he
was almost starved to death and mentally
deranped. The physicians believe his
mental aberration is only temporary and
that good care and food will restore him.
AMERICAN RIDERS WIN.
"Willie Sims and Cash Sloan Finish
in Front at Longchamps.
PARIS. Oct. 15.— At Longchamps yes
terday the American Jockeys made a
great showing. The Prix St. Cyr, 5000
francs, ovor a course of 2500 meters, was
won by M de Picard's Quartier Latin,
ridden by Willie Sims. Kiss, also owned
by II. Picard and ridden by Patsy Free
man, was second. The Prix de Moulin,
DC03 francs, over a course of 2400 meters
was won by II. Le Mair"6 Fair Boy with
Cash Sloan up. - -_.
Injured in a Runaway.
PENNGROVE, Oct. U.-Mrs. C. E. Par
kinson, wife of Justice of the Peace C.
E. Parkinson, was seriously Injured on
Friday afternoon. The lady was driv
ing along the county road near Cotati
in a light road wagon, reading a paper
The horse suddenly bolted, getting be
yond her control. The rig collided with
a barbed-wire fence, airs. Parkinson was
thrown on the top of the fence. Three
ribs were broken and her left hand bad
ly cut.
Overland, Delayed.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 14.— The Santa F©
Overland, due here from the East at 7
o'clock this morning. Is delayed by a
washout between Barstow and Bagdad It
is not expected that the train •will arrive
here until some tima to-morrow.
GALVESTON POSTAL CLERKS
GET HELP FROM WASHINGTOItf
I>£partment Employes Contribute to
a Fund for Aiding the Suf
£ ferers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— Postmaster
General Smith recently received from
Postmaster Griffin of Galveston a "letter
telling of the pecuniary and personal loss
which had befallen the employes of his
office as a result of the storm of Septem
ber S. of the fearful strain under whicr
they had been working day and night
since then an<l of the admirable spirit
which animated the men notwithstanding
their misfortune. Postmaster Griffin sug
gested that the vast army of postal of
ficials, clerk? und carriers should know
the true condition of the men at Galves
ton. A small- amount from each might
be cheerfully contributed and would give
the needed relief, otherwise It was to be
hoped a beneficent Government, "to which
we are loyal, will hear and answer this
appeal."
To this communication acting Postmas
ter General Johnson sent tho following
reply:
"The department Is in full sympathy
with the appeal of the Postmaster at Gal
veston in behalf of the employes of that
office who have suffered through the ter
rible calamity which has overtaken them,
and hopes that response by those who
have not' already contributed through
some other channel will be generous and
prompt. I am gratified to learn that the
action taken in this direction by the Na
tional Association of Letter Carriers Is
meeting with hearty response.
"Contributions may be addressed to
John A. Merritt, Postmaster. Washing
ton. D. C. W. M. JOHNSON.
"Acting Postmaster General."
THREE KILLED BY A TRAIN.
Farmer and Hi3 Two Young Daugh-
ters Meet Sudden [Death.
NEWCASTLE, Pa.. Oct. 14. — John
Korbie, a farmer. Ellen Korble, his
daughter, aged ten. and Annie Kor
ble. another daughter, aped seven, while
crossing the Pittsburg and Lake Krie
tracks near Carbon last night in a wagon,
were struck by a train and killed. Oscar
Kospi the fourth occupant of the wagon,
was seriously injured.
Coal and Gas Found.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Oct. 14.— Coal and
gas in paying quantities were found east
of this city to-day at a depth of a little
more than one thousand feet. The gas
will be piped to the city at once. A vein
of coal that may reach two feet in thick
ness was found.
King George in Paris.
PARIS. Oct. 14.— King George' of Greece,
accompanied by General Relnrek, his aid
de-camp and Nicholas Thon, intendant
of the civil list, arri-ea this morning to
visit the exposition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 14.— With her
decks swept of all but one of her life
boats and all the movable gear carried
away, the tramp steamer Buckingham
arrived this afternoon from the Orient.
She had a cargo of East India sugar
on board for the British Columbia relin
ery, ZIM tons in all, which Is the largest
sugar cargo ever brought to this port.
The Buckingham left Tjiltjap, Java, on
August 31 and coming across had one of
the roughest trips on record. Captain Wil
liam Cole says that on two occasions he
expected that foe vessel would founder.
On September 10 a typhoon came up and
lasted until the 12th, but it was completely
outshadowed in violence by a typhoon
which began on the morning of the 16th.
Th-sy were just on the outer edge of the
China Sea, steering uf> toward tne Japan
Coast in the great semicircular steam
ship rcute across the Pacilic. All night
of the lbth the storm continued, one of
the heaviest ever seen by those on board,
fcarly on the morning of the 17th, when
the steamer was wallowing through the
troughs of mountain seas, great damage
was done. The engines were reduced to
half speed and the steamer was not mak
ing two miles an hour.
Three lifeboats were swept off within
ten minutes, and another went away half
an hour later. The waves swept tho
steamer from stem to stern.
TYPHOON ON FORMOSA.
Just before daylight, when every one
on deck was dodging the flying timbers,
the second mate. J. Stevenson, was swept
overboard. It is believed that he was
struck on the head as he went over the
rail, as he made little effort to swim. To
launch a boat was impossible, and the
officer sank within fifteen feet of the side
of the ship. He stayed above -water about
four minutes, but made no attempt to
grasp a life buoy that fell •within four feet
of him. He was a native of Glasgow and
23 years of ace.
Captain Cole places the damage to his
vessel at between $S000 and $10,000. Dur
ing the remainder of her ions voyage the
ship met with very heavy head seas, and
had more than her share of bad weather.
Houses Destroyed.
Vessels Damaged and Hundreds of
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 14.— A typhoon
caused great damage last month on the
coast of Formosa and Southern China.
Numerous villages were destroyed or
badly damaged. Nineteen hundred
houses were washed away or inundate 1
at Talpah, Formosa, and many lives were
lost. The Japanese steamers Talchiu
Maru and Seiko Maru went ashore and
sustained serious damage. Much damage
-was done to villages in the Rluklu Isl
ands. This storm raged between Sep
tember 12 and 15, at almost the same time
as the hurricane which iwept over Texas
and Cape Nome. It struck the coast of
Cheklang. and made an Incursion Into
the Asiatic continent, after which it
countermarched to the southwest, and,
emerging from Cheklang at a point near
ly opposite Ishigakl Island, the most
southerly of the Rlukiu group, it 1m
pigned upon Formosa, where It blew
with great violence from the evening of
the 14th until the morning of the 15th. .
The French cruiser Kersaint was badly
damaged by a typhoon while acting tis
Kuardship in Holhow harbor. She dragged
Her anchors, and was stranded on a
sandbank, damaging her rudder to such
an extent that It became, useless. At
the same time flre broke out, caused by
spontaneous combustion of chemicals. -By
hard work the crew extinguished the
names before great damage was done.
Waves Sweep the Vessel From
Stem to Stern and Carry
Away the Lifeboats and
Gear.
MATE STEVENSON IS DROWNED
Steamer Almost Founders
Off the Coast oi
i Japan.
BDCKIHAI
TOSSES ABOUT
ON HIGH SEAS
A Jury rudder was constructed, permit
ting the cruiser to proceed to Hongay,
where temporary repairs were made, en
abling: her to reach Saigon.
COSPER SEEKS
WITH EPITHET
TO WIN VOTES
Kings County Candidate Has
a Grudge Against All
Mankind.
?
Makes The Call a Targ«t for Lying
Shafts While Attempting to
Explain His Vote for
Dan Burns.
ABUSE AND MISREPRESENTATION
MAYFIELD. Oct. 14.— The Republican
rally last night at A. O. U. W. Hall un
der the auspices of the Mayfleld McKin
ley Club was a rousing success. The hall
was packed to the doors. The speaker
of the evening, Hon. Frank JIcQowan.
was escorted from the depot to the hali
by the club, with anvils, torches, col
ored fire, fireworks, etc. The town was
ablaze with bonfires. Short addresses
were made by Dr. F. "W. Knowles, can
didate for Supervisor, and John S. Tor
rence, for the Assembly. Mr. McGowan's
address was enthusiastically received
especially when he referred to Mr. Bryan
as a "shirt-waist politician."
and Others.
Addresses Made by Frank McGowan
RALLY AT MAYFIELD.
HANFORD, Oct. 14.— E. T. Cosper. Re
publican nominee for Superior Judge of
Kings County, delivered a spech here last
night that was confined almost entirely to
those whom he calls - his enemies, lie
commenced by giving his opinion of Tbe
Call and trying to explain how it was
that he voted for Burns for United States
Senator. He said that Bulla was his man
for Senator and he voted for him until
Bulla himself requested him to desist. Af
ter leavine Bulla he went to Scott. At
that time. Cosper declared. The Call be
gan to urge upon the Bulla and Scott
men to vote for The Call's candidate.
At first it cajoled, then it begged and
finally The Call began to threaten and
tried to coerce the Representatives to
vote for its man. When he refused to
support or have anything to do with Its
candidate. Cosper declared. The Call
threatened to ruin him. .l-ow well it was
keeping Its word could be seen, he said,
in an editorial recently publisned by that
paper, which was nothing more than an
article written for the purpose of re
venge because he refused to vote for The
Call's man for United States Senator.
To show The Call's bitterness, Cosper
said, when Bard was finally mentioned It
used every means to block his election,
so that California would be under a
cloud and the Republican party would be
censured for eross dereliction of duty,
and The Call could then spring that old
but homely phrase, "I told you so."
Cosper roasted one of Hanford'a lead
ing merchants, saying that he was giving
out Calls containing the recent editorial.
He also went after the Republicans who
are not supporting him for Judge and
was especially bitter against Republican
officials who are supporting Judge Short,
declaring that two years hence they
would.be looking for a place to light.
The speech was confined almost exclu
sively to abuse of his enemies and it will
act as a boomerang, as men who were nls
supporters before the speech was deliv
ered are now working- for his defeat.
i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. Oct. 14.— Tbe Monterey
County Fair is now assured. Owing to
the continued dry seasons for the past
several years It . was thought a creditable
cereal and fruit exhibit would be impos
sible, but the agricultural association has
secured some fine exhibits, and the dis
play will be a good one. The fair begins
Tuesday,' October 16, and continues one
week. .
Monterey County has not had a fair
since 1596. and the accumulations of
money will be put In prizes*. The speed
programme shows that some good horses
nave entered, and that each race has a
full i nil I 1 ' *iiilH ill lllliJWIilWIilMffl'IIIIIIHWM
Monterey County Fair
as to have a physician called to see him
that evening.
Professor Martin said the cause of
Mrs. John S. Taylor's attack upon him
yesterday with a buggy-whip was the
result of a punishment which he had ad
ministered to her son a year ago last
April. Th* boy. among ethers, had afrreefl
to play truant that afternoon. He said
the lad was always unruly, and a leader
pmong such boys. It was either for him
to g«et the best of these boys or lose his
grip with the school. Mr. Martin said
he whipped the child in the presence of
two other teachers, and the stick was a
dried palm weighing only six ounces and
not more than two feet long. Professor
Martin paid he hail always acted a gen
tleman toward Mrs. Taylor, but she had
not shown herself a lady toward him.
This promises to be the most sensational
ca*e in the history of the city.
SAXTA ROSA. Oct. 14.— The main
topic of conversation In Santa
Rosa to-day Is the Taylor-Martin
horsewhipping episode of yester
day, th'a prominence of both par
ties making it of unusual Interest. Pro
fessor Martin has sworn to a complaint
charging Mrs. Taylor with battery, and
the prospects of having this society lady
figure In the police courts only added fuel
to the flame of gossip.
A Call representative had an interview
with both Mrs. Taylor and Professor
Martin to-day. Mrs. Taylor said she had
a clear conscience, and had done but a
mother's duty. When a teacher, she said,
goes so far as to beat a boy until he Is
black and blue and the court does not
punish that teacher. It Is high time the
mother takes it in her own hands. She
eaid her boy had never been a bad boy
in school and never played truant In his
life. She had waited for an opportunity
to get even with the professor, and when
she noticed him in the crowd she took
the whip from her buggy and walked up
to the professor and cave him two lashes
across his face. Mrs. Taylor said the
professor had used more than a light
stick on her boy. It was a dried palm
branch two inches '.vide and about two
and a half feet Ions, beins as hard as a
board. The punishment inflicted left h'.s
body black and blue from his waist to
his "knee. He was in such a condition
The theory upon which the Boer? founded
their faith was that in the I'nited States is
a large ajnl-Unglifh public composed of Ger
mans and Irishmen. All these were, by as
sumption, pro-Boors. If Webster Davis, with
his fine oratorical gtfta and happy ignorance of
South Africa, could arouse them to false en
thusiasm Mr. Bryan"? ejection would b» cer
tain and his inicrvention on behalf of the
Eocrs assured.
Before I had waded thro-jsh the vast amount
of t-videno- thct Ju^tifits me in writing this
article, I was gTeatlv a«toni5he<l at the value
which the Trar.svaa! staJesn;en placed upon
Mr. Davis" mediation la America. Mr. Reltz
arsurt-d rr.e that It was to Mr. Davis" oratory
McKir.lr;- o-a-c-d the Presid.-mial chair. Mr.
Smuts and Mr. Grofcler ?aid that upon him
cep«Ln<l«-i the hore of I'nited States lr.ten-en
tlon. The week after his departure signed pho
tographs of Mr. Davis lay in the drawing
rooms of all the heads of departments In Pre
toria.
On February 5 Mr. Davis re-turned to Pre
toria, having visltr-d the positions at Lady
fir.ith and having formed the most enthusias
tic lmrrersion of the justice of the Boer cau?«
ar.d the burghers' prowess in the field. In a
v«ry few ca\s he had left for the United
Statrp. richer by a fortnight's experience of,
South African politic* and £25.000 In transv&aJ
Sold.
turn fcr vhleh he was to set the United States
on fire ivith enthusiasm for the Boers.
?drrc* YORK. Oct. 14.— Douglas Story.
the ?.¦ell-knotrii writer and newspaper
correspondent, who remained In the
Transvaal throughout the Boer war and
who was in close touch with Pretoria au
thorities and aiso In full sympathy with
them, and some of whop* letters v.-eie
published in the I»ndon Daily Mail, with
fin apology as from a pro-Boer corre
spondent, contributes to that paper an
article stating that Webster Davis, for
mer Assist;:.-.: *-• (.retary of the Interior,
received frna the Transvaal Government
the euni of £2j.'>a> <Jn5/XiO). Mr. Story's
rticle U in part as follows
V.'cr?»«»r Uz'ts reached Prftoria. January 2i.
In the Roer car>it£j he fr*edi!y ar.alr.ed to re
ir.arkaWe j>npularlty. To BMtst his dignity, he
¦wes fr. gu< Dtly intro<ii:c-ed as I'ntted States
B*-crctary of S:ati- bv.1 U-.e rumor v.aa esjFi'Ju
out-lj- <Jrci;lfct^-l ihat Mr. HcKinley ov/od his
Fucfff et t!-.~ last Pr<-?:<i?ntial election wholly
to hie *-l^ctiinferirg .
In him na? the r^coerJz"! savior cf tbe
Tio^rs and daily ho <n received in secret audi
t-nee in th«? Cov«-pr.n>ent building. At those
council'' * "re also ; ""c-sf^t Mr. Jrchilk. Burger.
Mr. Worlr.-.arar.s. Peace Envoy and State At
torney Smuts. The result cf these conferences
vas that V.'cbfter Davis i-ee*lvFd from the
Boer Uov.-:rr.:r.*nl a handsome gratuity, in Te-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Douglas Story Charges That the Former Ameri
can Official Received $125,000 at Pretoria.
SAYS WEBSTER DAVIS WAS
PAID BY BOER GOVERNMENT
Gpecial Dispatch to The Call.
••ALL HEADQT-AKTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. •WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.-
Is-.portar.t political and international* re
eults nay follow the meeting of the liis
pano-Air.fr!can Congress which has been
called to meet in Madrid next month and
to which all Spanish-American countries
of Central and South America have beon
Invited to ser.d representatives. Avowe.l
!y the purpose of the congress is to bnns
the Span:.-h-!-iKuking people of the world
iiito closer conunf rcial and literarv rela
tions. It has been hinted, however, that
tne real purpose is much more important
£134 Iooks to closer political relations us
Tre.l a: a the mutual support cf all Span-
Uffl. people in international difficulties in
•B-tlcn other races aie involved. It 's even
said that the propof^d drawing together
V a , r - Eh - f P*akin? people Is aimed par
ticularly at two Eng-Hsh-ST^alcin? nations
rf the world— th* I'r.ited State-* and Great
iJrtta.n— and tl?at the immediate object to
t>« ecugrht is to prevent Ar.glo- Saxon com
n:e r c^ a * or poetical aggression in South
tr.fi Central America.
Spain, at one time irlstrees of the seas
atsc r*wer of colonies which embraced
Trttn.n their territory practically all
or the American continent and its ad-
Jacer.t Islands, except a fringe of English
colonies along the Atlantic saaboard, has
been compietelv expvih-d from the west
ern hemisphere. All North America has
bt-o.me Anfdo-Srixon. The \Vest India
Inlands havr passt-d from Spain's control,
rr.ott of their, coming under one or the
othtr of the Anglo-Saxon nations, and she
has seen her lormer Central and South
Armruan colonies obtain their independ
ence only to be taken under the guardlan-
Bblp of {he Anslo-Saxon Monroe doctrine,
a pror.uncian tnto which was framed by
the joint action of the State Department
in Wii'hingion and the Foreign Office in
Londor..
Th«- proposed construction of the Nica
raguan Cnnal by the United States Is
looked upon l»y r.dvocates of the Pan-
Si.anish ur derstandirg as another move of
the Arifjlo-Saxons lowurd complete su
premacy over all America. Not only In,
S;>a:n but in South America, as well have
there b'-on nun who have had aspirations
in the direction of a. Pan-Spanish under
¦standiris that would be mutually beneflclal
to th^ir countries commercially if not po
litically. They see this as much of the
trade of the Spanish-speaking countries
of the world is in the hands of Anglo-
Saxons and the strides which the United
States Is now making in the way of for
eign commerce bid fair to Increase the
proportion In the Immediate future.
Possible Result of the Hispano-Ameri
ean Congress Soon to Be Con
vened in Madrid.
ALLIANCE AGAINST
ANGLO-SAXON RACE
* THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 19UU.
3
iii lii ¦ pit
We know that our ten-dollar, union-made,
ready-to-wear suits and overcoats are the best
values for the money on this Coast ; and we be-
lieve them the best in all America.
Every garment is made by us in our own work-
shop, where only union men are employed. A
union-made suit or overcoat has a finish, a style, a
ceriain dash of its own, is well made and gives
long wear. These suits and overcoats come in all
the fashionable weaves of the season.
We guarantee every one of the suits or over-
coats : If there is any fault in the making of the
clothes, and you want your money returned, you
can have it ; clothes will be kept in perfect repair
free for one year. x
Boys' Suits
We have one large floor devoted to boys'
clothing, • furnishings and hats. We are giving
strong values to popularize this department with
the mothers.
Boys* suits, ages 8 to 16, double-breasted coat
and knee pants, stripes, checks and plaids in new
fall mixtures of all wool goods ; our manufacture.
Price to you the same as retailers have to pay —
$ 3.50 a suit
Boys' Vestee Suits
Ages 3 to 8 years double-breasted vests, some
fancy, some not, separable shield, to be worn or
not, as it pleases you ; knee pants, strongly made —
Z£t»\J\} a suit
. Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
' 718 Market Street.•Battleship. ••Cruiser.
The run covered a distance of 7SS
miles, and the time in which it was made
Varied from 65 hours 22 minutes to 46
hours 64 minutes. It will be observed,
among other facts, that the Ocean, Royal
Oak and Ramillies consumed a vast quan
tity of fuel. The Ocean vu the only
battleship with Belleville boilers, and the
other two ships, fitted with box boilers,
.are seven and six years old. respectively.
In all of Bryan's mad volubility there is some sign
cf reason, for it is to be noted he never recalls any
of those wonderful predictions he made in 1896.
During the trial trip of the warship Wisconsin an
officer jocularly remarked that "Irving M. Scott had
Cramps." And Scott didn't feel very bad about it,
cither. ~ - -. .-
William Jennings Bryan is candid if he is not tact
ful. He told an .audience the other day that if the
people did not pay the expenses of his campaign
ing the corporations would.
A patient who was removed from the Receiving
Hospital- the other day was declared out of danger.
The record of the Receiving Hospital makes it very
easy to trace cause and effect in the incident.
The Sultan of Sulu is becoming gay enough to
suggest a fear that he may lose that pension with
which Uncle Sam in his generosity has endowed him.
The Sultan wants a bonus for every one of his sol
diers who is killed by American troops.
An Old-Time Spellbinder.
It so happened that I saw but one of the
principal spellbinders of the last genera
tion; but he was a prince among his fel
lows, a host within himself, the hand
somest man I ever saw or ever expect to
pee. General John Cabel Brecklnridpe of
Kentucky. Long before I had the pleasure
of gazing on his martial form I asked my
father what manner of man he was. He
answered: "He Is tall, handsome, square
built. He ha3 a head two stories and a
half high." And so it was.
In 1S6S I was a student at the Kentucky
University at Lexington, when he returned
from his European exile. With enrap
tured ear I heard him return thanks to
his neighbors and friends for the cordial
ity of their reception. One sentence which
fell from his lips I shall never forget while
memory holds its sway. In describing
himself he said:
"Politically, I am an extinct volcano!"
and surely a sentence more graphic or
more realistic never fell from human lips.
—Champ Clark. In Philadelphia Post
IN CASES OF APOPLEXY.
Here Is something that every man, wo
man and child should know: In cases of
apoplexy, when there is not a physician
present, the proper thing to do is to hit
the victim on the nose with the fist or a
club until a free hemorrhage Is started
It may seem brutal, but It is no more so
than to beat a drowning: person Into In
sensibility in order to save his life and
that of the rescuer.— New York Press
HOTEL. DEL COROXADO-Ia maklne your
winter plans think of thi« beautiful country
home with city advantages. Ideal climate, no
heavy tog or rain. At 4 New Montgomery
street, city, eet Information and special rate..
To make chestnut salad shell a pint of
large solid chestnuts: throw them Into
boiling water for rive minutes and re
move the brown skins: then boil or steam
until tender. When they are boiling put
into a bowl a saltspoonful of salt, a dash
of blade pepper, one onion sliced very
thin; add four tahlespoonfuls of o!lv«» oil,
rubbing all the while, and then two table
spoonfuls of tarragon vingar. Pour this
over the chestnuts wh!!*- they are hot:
stand aside until very cold and serve on
lettuco leaves. Or the dish may b« cov
ered with finely chopped cress«. — October
Ladles' Home Journal.
The Way to Make Chestnut Salad.
Mr. Carlisle's condition forcibly Illus
trates the chanpes that have taken place
In this country In a comparatively brief
time. Only a few years ago he was the
leader of the Democracy in Kentucky and
one of the party's national leaders. To
day he Is practically an exile from Ken
tucky and ¦without political following
there or elsewhere. As ihe phrase Is, he
is out- of politics. He is giving his whole
time to the practice of law. One of the
ablest of our public men, developed since
the close of the Civil War, a Rood lawyer,
a great parliamentarian, a most convinc
ing speaker, after twenty-five years' ex
perience in national affairs, and while
still an active and comparatively a young
man. he Is lost to the public service
through the operations of as radical a
chanere of party leadership, local and na
tional, as ever was witnessed in this coun
try. In Kentucky the men, with but few
exceptions, who co-opfrated with Mr.
Carlisle in srivinB to the Democracy of
that State a national Influence are now in
opposition to it. either on account of (ioe
belism or Brynnism. The mm In charga
are as pygmies, when compared with him
and them. It Is the day of small m>n and
discreditable measures, and it is probabiy
well for his fame and personal comfort
that Mr. Carlisle has transferred his resi
dence to New York. A survev of the na
tional field presents a spectacle quit" a-a
surprising. The Democrats of his Intel
lectual stamp are either in open opposi
tion to the party's established leadership
or else, merely for regularity's sake, are
supporting candidates and platforms
arousing no respect in their bosoms what
ever.—Washington Star.
Statesmen "Without a Party.
The dress represented is of printed
gauze made up over beige colored taffe
tas. The bolero and lapels are edged with
black velvet. The sleeves and waistband
are of plain gauze incrusted with ecru
guipure.
PRIXTED GAUZE DRESSES
In the political campaign now going on in Canada
the Conservatives attack the Lauricr Ministry for
granting a preferential tariff to British goods without
exacting a similar advantage for Canadian goods in the
British market. • They argue that if Canada demand
such advantages the British Parliament will grant
them; and as a proof of the accuracy of the contention
they quote from a recent utterance of the Imperial
Trade Defence League the declaration:
"If the incoming Government fails to pass meas-
Of the two statesmen Chamberlain has unquestion
ably the larger political ideas and the greater personal
force. Holding the comparatively subordinate posi
tion in the Cabinet of Secretary of State for the Colo
nies, he has managed to make himself more potent
even than the Premier, and is to-day more talked of
than any other man in British politics. In that office
he has developed a programme of union between the
mother country and the colonies that, if carried out
with vigor, may lead to consequences of great impor
tance to the whole world.. It has even been said that
despite his training in the Birmingham school he is
ready to surrender Britain's free-trade policy for the
sake of arranging a commercial and industrial union
with Canada and Australia.
Salisbury is old, is in bad health, and in the nature
of things can hardly hold the Premiership much
longer. Long before the expiration of the seven years,
for which this Parliament was elected, he will prob
ably give way to some one else. There arc two can
didates for the succession, and they represent widely
different ideas of government. One of them, Balfour,
Salisbury's nephew, and an exponent of the traditions
of Toryism, is anything rather than a jingo imperial
ist. Should he attain the power to shape the policies
of the Ministry, Great Britain will remain compara
tively indifferent to what is known as "imperialism"
and will devote her energies to the carrying out of an
elabroatc programme of domestic reforms. On the
ether hand, Chamberlain, who was once a reformer of
the aggressive kind, has become just as aggressively
an imperialist, and in effice would not hesitate to sac
rifice domestic policies to far-reaching schemes of
empire.
In the very sunrise of their new power, however,
there arc clouds upon the prospects of the victorious
Conservatives. The battle has been won by what arc
known in Britain as "khaki tactics" — that is to say,
the voters have been induced to vote for the present
Ministry as an expression of their support of the
Government in the South African war. Beyond that
general approval nothing appears to have been clearly
determined by the voice of the people, and conse
quently a good deal of speculation is going on over
the question whether the fruits of victory will fall to
the lot of the Salisbury wing of the party or to the lot
of Joseph Chamberlain.
OUT of the general elections the British impe
rialists emerge with a triumph even greater
than they expected. The Liberals having"
neither a platform, a policy nor a leader have hardly
managed to elect members enough to form a faction
in Parliament; and unless the course of events should
develop something to strengthen Liberal Sentiment
in the country the great party of Gladstone may vanish
altogether and leave a free field for the formation -of
a strong Radical party to contest with the Conserva
tives the control of the Government.
THE BRITISH ELECTIONS.
"The trouble with the drama, of to
day." said the severe critic, "is that the
managers are too fond of the mighty dol
lar. They produce plays to make money."
"Just so," said his fnend. "Tru» art,
I suppose, would furnish us all with freo
passes."— Brooklyn Life.
"Who were the Stoics, pa?"
"Oh. the Stoics were a queer ancient
people who didn't brag of their ailments
and wouldn't stand and listen to any bras
about other folk3* ailments." — Indianap
olis Journal.
He— Isn't that Daisy Putter at the next
table?
Ruth. "Wlttlngrton— Yea. She Is looking
for an Ideal.
"What kind of a man is that?"
"Oh. any kind of a millionaire."—Cleve
land Leader.
Playwright — Sometimes I doubt whether
this play will be a success.
Manager— Nonsense: It has no plot, it
abounds In cheap sentimentality, it is vul
gar enoujch In spots and the scenery Is
tine. It can't help but succeed. — Pittaburs
Dispatch.
"Not at all: he said he was bound hla
ancestors should help him out that much,
anyway."— Indianapolis Journal.
"Ferdinand sold his grreat grand father**
family Bible for JIj."
"How odd."
Mrs. Bayvlew— Is the blue grass of Ken
tucky really blue?
Colonel Kaintuck— No, it's green — saxso
color a? your blue sea, you know. — Mow
York Weekly.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
According to the reports, india-rubber is not, as is
generally supposed, the product of a single tree, but
on the contrary is produced from a variety of trees and
plants. Some of these flourish only in a moist soil and
atmosphere, while others thrive on stony soil, pro
vided they receive ample though intermittent rain
fall; but in all cases a tropical or subtropical cli
mate is requisite. Most of the india-rubber of South
and Central America and India is from trees, but in
the islands of the Indian archipelago the supply of
rubber is chiefly from a gigantic creeper, which in
five years' growth attains a length of 200 feet 'ani
from twenty to thirty inches in circumference, and
which yields annually from fifty to sixty pounds of
caoutchouc. Java, Sumatra, Penang, Singapore and
French Indo-China are already large producers of
crude india-rubber, or caoutchouc, and its production
111 the West Indies has been sufficient to indicate the
entire practicability of its being made an important
industry in Cuba and Porto Rico, as well as in the
Hawaiian, Philippine and Samoan Islands.
There has been received by the Treasury Bureau
of Statistics a publication detailing the efforts made
for the cultivation of the trees and plants in the British
colonies and particularly in those of Africa. The
publication is of interest to us because it tends to
confirm the expectation that we may yet produce
rubber in our own islands instead of having to import
it from foreign countries. Southern Mexico and
Central America are natural producers of india-rubber
in considerable quantities, and in our islands cultiva
tor will doubtless be profitable.
The cause of the rapid increase in the importations
i~, that manufacturers are continuously extending the
application of rubber to new lines of industry. A few
3 - cars ago rubber goods were of a comparatively few
kinds, now almost everything can be made out of
rubber; and many articles are much more serviceable
when of that material than when made of anything
else. Consequently the demand for rubber grows
faster than unassisted nature could supply it, and
human intelligence and energy have been set to work
to increase the output.
The value of the industry may be estimated from
the fact that more than $100,000,000 worth of india
rubber has been imported into the United States dur
ing the past four years, and more than $60,000,000
worth in the last two years. A decade ago the annual
importations of rubber amounted to about $15,000,000:
now they exceed $30,000,000 and are steadily in
creasing.
REPORTS from Washington announce that the
Department of Agriculture has begun ex
periments and inquiries in the direction of pro
moting the cultivation of india-rubber trees and plants
in the tropic islands now in our possession. It
appears that the British, have long been propagating
the cultivation of rubber in several of their colonies,
and the results have been such as to encourage similar
undertakings on the part of our Government.
THE CULTIVATION OF RUBBER.
A good feature to the situation is the lack of spec
ulation all over the country. All sections send in the
6ame report. Whatever business is being done is to
fill actual wants, and is therefore safe and legitimate.
Under this condition it is almost impossible to pro
duce any serious financial or commercial disturbance.
Our local markets continue in good shape. Aside
from the sharp decline in wheat, which was purely
sympathetic with Chicago, most staples are firm. The
export business of the port thus far this year shows
a material increase over the same period last year, and
the transports continue to take out- large quantities of
merchandise and forage to the Orient. This trade
has been a great blessing to San Francisco and Cali
fornia, and has kept business active, whereas it might
otherwise have been dull. The farmer is profiting
largely by the military operations in China and the
Philippines, as witness the rise in hay, oats, horses
and other products of the ranch. There has not been
a dull season in this city for nearly four years, and if
the election results in a continuation of the present
financial conditions . there is no reason why trade
should rot be good for another similar period.
The money market, too, showed interesting symp
tcms during the week. The unfavorable statement of
the New York banks at the close of the preceding
•week, coupled with large demands for money for the
South and West, raised rates somewhat and tended to
contract loans. The supply of funds in the New York
market for loaning purposes has been somewhat cur
tailed, but this condition is thought to be temporary,
as gold is again heading this way from Europe, and
the equilibrium is therefore automatically readjusting
itself.
General business is tame. The only event of the
week worthy of mention was the placing by the Penn
sylvania Railroad of an order for 150.000 tons of steel
rails at $j6 per ton. The order was divided among
half a dozen large companies. The production of iron
is being continually reduced, but nevertheless stocks
continue to gro;v here and there, showing that the
rroduction is still ahead of the consumption. It is
supposed, however, from the hand to mouth buying,
that supplies in consumers' hands are low. If this
prove true there i? a chance for a reaction in this in
c'ustry before longr. The ether staples run along about
the same. Sales of wool were rather larger last week,
and the shipments of r.cots and shoes also showed an
increase, accompanie-I by a firmer leather market and
nn advance of ]'iQ in hides at Chicago. The boot
and shoe trade is making rather the best showing of
s:ny line at present, s; orders are steadily increasing
and many of them are for immediate delivery. Some
of them are urgent, showing low supplies at many
points. The mills are also short of wool and are
buying more liberally. There is no speculation, as the
purchases go immediately into the mills. Cotton de
clined during the week, owing to improved crop pros
pects indicated by the official crop report. There was
feme commotion in the wheat trade, owing to a sud
den drop at Chicago, due, it was thought, to specula
tive manipulation there, as there was nothing in the
general condition of the market to cause a sharp de
cline.
THE condition of trade showed little variation
last week. The country's bank clearings fell off
again, losing 14.3 per cent against the corre
sponding week in 1899, but while the loss was larger
than for the preceding week there were more individ
r:al gains among the smaller cities. As far as thes^
clearings are an indication, this shows that the job
bing arid retail business of the country, otherwise
known as the distributive demand, is improving,
though the great wholesale trade of the important
centers rr.3y be quieter. The distributive improvement
is not likely to amount to much at present, however,
for nobody wants to branch out until after the elec
tion. The failures for the week were 223, against 164
for the same week last year.
A1ONEY flND MERCHANDISE
Some very. Interesting and eminently
practical trials took place some weeks
ago, in wfilch eleven of the principal ships
in the British squadron in the Mediter
ranean took part. The object of these
trials Is of such practical value as to
suggest that the plan was originated by
Rear Admiral Beresford. Similar trials
in our navy would give a more correct
Idea of the actual speed and coal con
sumption of warships than the four
hours' trial under forced draught now
conveys. In the following table are giv
en the original trial data of eight
hours' duration under full power (not
forced draught), which, with the figures
under four-flfths power, taken from the
London Engineer, furnish data of com
parisons that are very rare:
Experiments have been made at Shoe
buryness with 9.2-inch lyddite shells,
tired at a target 1500 yards distant from
the gun. When the shell burst frag
ments of it were hurled back 800 yards
toward the gun, and other pieces wer«
scattered over a distance of a mile, or
1760 yards. The detonation was , like a
clap of thunder, and persons a mile
away felt a heavy blow across their face*
from the concussion. While lyddite may
burst against armor without doing seri
ous harm, a well-planted shell of this
kind would annihilate a vessel without
considerable armor protection. The 9.2
inch lyddite shell will be introduced in
the naval service, with a further proba
bility of extending It to the 12-inch guns.
• • •
The British torpedo-boat destroyer Bull
finch, which has been undergoing repairs
since July 21 of last year, when an acci
dent occurred to her machinery result
ing in the less of eleven lives, had her
trials last month. The vessel developed
6022 horsepower and 29.46 knots speed dur
ing a three hours' continuous run, falling
short .54 knots of her contract speed.
Eleven armored gunboats, denominated
as the Insect class, have been struck
from the German navy list. Their names
are: Basilisk. Blene. Camaleon. Croco
dile, Hummel, Mucke. Xatter, Salamand
er, Skorplon, Viper and Wespe. They
are of 1109 tons, have an iron armor belt
of S Inches and carry one 12-inch and
two 14-pounders. They were all built at
the Weser yard, Bremen, between 1876
and 1SS0. and have long since become ob
solete; in fact, they were never of much
use. as they drew more water than in
tended.
Some ugly scandals are being Inquired
into before naval court-martials In Japan.
Commander Sakai and a chief carpenter
have been arrested, charged with stealing
Government property at Yokosuko dock
yard, two naval engineers and two mer
chants are charged with bribery, and
Commander Takasaki and two clerks of
the gunnery training office are likewise
charged with accepting bribes.
Of submarine crafts, France has 14,
and 26 projected; Italy, 4; Soain. Greece.
Turkey and Brazil, 2 each; United States,
1, and 5 building; Russia proposes to
build 50, but Great Britain has none, nor,
to all appearances, does it want any.
* * *
Two seamen iruners were killed last
month on the British cruiser Diadem
while testing cartridges. The accident is
believed to have been due to a too pow
erful application of electricity, with which
the primers are tested.
The French naval appropriation' for
new building during 1901 amounts to $1.
126.000, which, with the work already In
hand, makes a total of over $17,000,(500
to be expended on new ships and guns.
• • •
The French battleship St. L.ouls», laid
down In 1S95, was placed !n commission
September 1 last. Her estimated cost
was $5,017,000. and intended completion at
the end of 18S8.
"WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
Mrs. Paul Iaenbers. wifo of the wei!
known Honolulu planter. Is stopping at
the Occidental. She is returning from an
extended trip to Europe and Is accom
panied by Paul F. Hcfer and wt£», who
will be her guests at the islands lor sav
eral months.
Dr. W. Klrby of Marshalltown. Iowa,
and F. L. Langan of Minneapolis are both
guests at the Palace.
Sherwood Hopkins of Grub Gulch reg
istered yesterday at the California Hotel.
Senator A. F. Jones and W. P. Ham
mon of Orovllle arc guest3 at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. K. Brale, a merchant of Seattle, is at
the Palace. -w
T. V. "VVlllcox. a merchant of Portland.
Or.. Is at the Palace.
E. II. Clark, a merchant of Boston, is
registered at the Palace.
Richard S. Miner, a prominent lawyer
of Bodie, la at the Occidental.
Harrison expects his family home from
their trip abroad on Tuesday, ar.d during
the past week has been elaborating his
I hear that the Bohemian Club members
are receiving contributions, the same to
be used in the purchase of a halo, to be
presented to William Greer Harrison,
poet, dramatist, and. according to his
own account, model father and husband.
• • •
not necessarily have to bear the Paris
stamp.
Every workingman has many strong reasons why
he should vote for the party of prosperity, but organ
ized labor has a stronger reason than any other ele
ment in the country, for in the stronghold of Bryan
ism there is now going on a fight waged by Bryan's
supporters for the absolute extermination of labor
unions.
The men who are doing these things are support
ing Bryan in this campaign. They, with the Demo
crats of the other Southern States, constitute the most
potent of the many forces that are back of Bryan,
and should he be elected they will control his admin
istration. Thus to Crokerism in New York, Altgeld
ism in Illinois and the general viciousness of Bryan
ism everywhere we have this determination of the
new manufacturers of the South to prevent the estab
lishment in the milling towns of that section of the
Union any of those organizations that have done and
?re doing so much for the benefit of labor.
We have thus from North Carolina in rapid suc
cession two illustrations of the temper and disposition
cf Southern Democracy. First they deprive the negro
of the right to vote and second they deprive the work
ingman of the right to organize labor unions. The
aim is clearly to produce the political suppression of
one race and the industrial servitude of the workers
of both races. ' .
A RECENT dispatch announced that the manu
facturers controlling the mills in Charlotte,
North Carolina, had given notice to their em
ployes that they must cither withdraw from labor
unions or from the mills. The workers were given
until to-day to make up their minds. Unless, there
fore, some respite or concession be granted the work
ers in the cotton mills of that city will wake this
morning to the hard alternative of deserting their
unions or losing their jobs.
* That is an example of the way the Bryanites of the
South deal with labor. They have begun the upbuild
ing of a great manufacturing industry in that section
of the country, and their cotton mills are becoming
strong competitors of those of the North. The suc
cess of the mills is largely based upon cheap labor,
and the Southern manufacturers have evidently deter
mined to keep it cheap. What has been done at
Charlotte will be done elsewhere, if the plan prove
successful.
THE INTERESTS OF L0BOR.
Mrs. de Young Is to receive a generous
"welcome home" at a luncheon to be
given to-morrow at the Occidental Hotel
by the ladles of the Polyclinlc, of which
worthy charity she Is the president. In
the morning the patronesses of the Poly
cllnio will hold a meeting, and the sub
ject of the forthcoming benefit will be
thoroughly discussed. The ladles look to
Mrs. de Young for some novel and alto
gether Frenchy form of entertainment, by
whlch they may transfer dollars from
generous pockets to the notably dimin
ished Polyclinlc treasury. The "welcome"
luncheon Is to be full of delightful sur
prises, and I understand that the ladies
are going to try and show Mrs. de Young
that all the pretty gowns in the world do
• * •
This keeping secret engagements of sev
eral months' standing must be a terrible
bore. I used to feel so sorry for Colonel
Preston every time he used to deny Isa
belle's engagement to Len D. Owens, and
that thing went on for four months. I
wager Isabelle's handsome papa is glad
the secret Is out. I believe the wed
ding, which takes place at the Preston
place, "Portola Hall." is to be a "violet"
affair. Isabelle is already taking hold of
the details, and the Paris model she has
selected for her bridesmaids' hats is a
thing of beauty and a perishable joy. The
hats are to be of violet chiffon, flaring off
the face, and the crowns composed en
tirely of violets. The very sierht of one
of those hats is enough to inspire every
girl with a wild desire to lead the way
when Isabelle marches to a Mendelssohn
accompaniment.
• • •
DID you ever hear of so many en
gagements? The girls are goir.i?
at the rate of two a week— not at
all a bad commencement for the
young season. I am so glad the
McNutt-Potter betrothal Is out. I vow I
could not have held my tongue another
week, In spite of the fact that I, like a
half-dozen others, had crossed my heart
and hoped to die. I always like to give a
girl's mother a chance to tell the news,
with a chicken salad and weak punch ac
companiment, but I confess it Is beyond
me to hold my tongue, or my pen, when
I have such a fascinating bit of news as
an engagement "up my sleeve." This par
donable weakness of mine Is the sole ex
cuse I offer when I tell you that Lieuten
ant Potter won't be able to get his leave
of absence, and that Mamie and her
mother and her sister Ruth will sail
shortly for Manila, where the wedding
will take place.
"What a terrible thins it must be. for a
man to marry money and then have to
live down to the narrow principles the pos
session of money sometimes entail3. The
return home of the ed.tor and proprietor
of a popular weekly with his millionaire
wife is what has ?et club men to reason
in thi.* strain. I have heard them hp.ip
contempt upon the iittl<» editorial h*»ad
but In pplte of the fact that he haa
"turned down" benefactors and slighted
friends of long 1 standing. I am heartily
sorry for him.
Death Is checking social gaysty and
his summons i3 bringing mourning
into families and staying the advent of
debutantes this season. The death of
Miss Florence Breckenridge's grand ur.cte.
Joshua Tevis. and the sad and untimely
end of Christine de Gulgne's cousin, poor
Christine Payson. means the postponing
of the social debut of two of the most
charming and desirable bud?. The Tevls
doors and the Parrott portal3 will bo
closed, and Instead of iaughter and raus*c
and flowers and gayety there will be sad
faces, somber clothes ar.d mourning.
But now nothing may be hoped for from
the Tobins. The family is in mourning
and the swell set in extending sincere
condolences adds an unheard regret for it
self and tha entertainments that inaji
not be.
Mrs. Joseph Tobln has tired of hotel llf»
and is looking around for a f urr.lshe 1
house for a winter in town. "U'hen th.
news got abroad that the Toblns wouH
not pass the winter months at the Palace
society had visions. They thought back,
and remembered what a delightful host
ess Mrs. Tobin was when she was Mae
Dimond. and then they began calculating
what with the now added privileges of a
matron they might justly expect of her.
Bohemia is very upset by the Harrison
proclamation, and the merry denizens of
the realm of the wise bird are striving 1 1
lure the author of "Runnymede" from tho
narrow path by drowning his utterance
with Jests and «aucy laughter.
domestic intentions to thr chagrin. n%
though It is sincerely to he hoped, tfca
betterment of his fellow club mernVn.
He has publicly declared that a married
man should stay home at night: that
he should attend no function at which hn
¦wife cannot be present; that all the hours
not devoted to business should be spent
with the partner of hi.* joys and his sor
rows: and further he has capped the cli
max by declaring, with the owl as a w!t
nes?, that he intended to practice as ha
preached.
BY SRLLIE SrtftKP.
SOCIETY:
SECRETS OF SWELL SET
TOLD IN CONFIDENCE
Chamberlain has not pledged himself to any such
policy as that, but he has been moving steadily toward
it. To him the federation of the British empire has
become what a united South Africa is to Cecil
Rhodes; and if the colonies demand tariff preferences
as a price for similar favors we may see the strange
event of the establishment of a protective British em
pire brought about by a Birmingham manufacturer.
There is but one "Joe" Chamberlain, and it will be
remembered Disraeli predicted he would die a duke.
ures of fiscal reconstruction, giving the wheat, lumber
and fruit of Canada, the wood, wines and minerals of
Australasia, the tea and rice of India, and the products
of South Africa, an advantage over competing goods
from foreign sources, it will amount to a criminal
abandonment of the best fruits of the intertrading
power of the empire."
The estimate that Democrats will gain a Congress
man in this State shows that the writer is not <o
well posted as he claims to be. but nojie the less his
statement should have the effect of putting every Re
publican on his mettle. Republicans are counting on
making gains in New York, Pennsylvania and New
Jersey. California should be among the States where
such gains are given. to the side of Republicanism.
In each and every district let there be made a strong
fight for the Congressional ticket. Let us send to
Washington a solid delegation for McKinley and
prosperity.
"In Minnesota the Republicans are apprehensive of
the loss of a member or two from the Scandinavian
vote, which is strongly opposed to the policy of th^
administration toward Porto Rico and the Philippines.
The Republicans concede the probability of the elec
tion of a Democrat in Wisconsin, while they are not
sure of solid delegations from Michigan and Iowa.
In Ohio. Indiana. Illinois and Missouri both parties
are counting on gains for Congress, with the better
prospect in favor of the Democrats. There is only
one Democrat in the present delegation from Califor
nia, but he is not likely to be so lonesome in the next
House. In the other States of the West there is little
prospect of a change, except in Colorado and Nevada,
in each of which the Democrats now expect to gain a
member."
It is not in the South only, however, that there is
danger. Reports from the East are to the effect that
even in States counted as sure for McKinley, there
are possibilities of losing Congressional districts. A
recent review of the subject, by a writer claiming to
have made an impartial study of the situation from an
independent standpoint, says:
From the Southern States Bryan will get upward
of ioo Congressmen without taking the trouble to
make a contest in a single district.* In the present
delegation from Texas there is one Republican, but a
Democrat will almost certainly succeed him. There
are two Republicans from North Carolina and two
from Tennessee whose chances of re-election are
slight. There are two others from' Kentucky whose
prospects are but little brighter. Here, then, are
seven seats that are likely to be taken from the Repub
lican side and added to the Democratic side in the
South alone.
It is to be borne in mind that the Republican ma
jority by undisputed title in the present Congress was
only thirteen. The settlement of contested elections
resulted in seating enough Republicans to raise the
majority to nineteen. Such a margin of control is
very narrow and the danger of losing it is not to be
overlooked. Bryan may be defeated utterly and yet
his parly may dominate the House of Representatives.
BRYAN is rapidly weakening. If the campaign
were to last two months longer he would hardly
h'avc any following whatever. His own speeches
are killing his chances and offending those who a
month ago had well nigh resolved to vote for him.
The vanishing of Bryan, however, does not imply a
weakening of opposition to Republican principles and
the policies of protection and sound " money. It is
fairly certain that all over the Union a considerable
rumber of old-line Democrats who will vote against
Bryan will, nevertheless, vote for Bryanite candidates
for Congress. Such action will be illogical and a po
litical absurdity, but none the less it will be adopted
by many a Bourbon. Consequently the fight for con
trol of the Hov.se of Representatives is the point of
chief interest in the campaign. Republicans who de
sire a sweeping and decisive victory for their party
and McKinley's administration should be earnest and
vigorous in making the fight for their candidate for
Congress.
ThjE CAMPAIGN FOR CONGRESS.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1900,
MISS LILLIAN FOLLIS. THE
FAIR FIANCEE OF FRANK
GRIFFIN.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
• *
4
j Full :
iwer.
4-5 Power.
NAME.
Horse
Power.
r I Coal.
Speed. [ Tono.
Speed.
Ocean* 13.8IS
IbJs" 8.20S
Dido** fcS.339
Renown* 10.708
Venus" 8,290
Caesar* 10,630
Victorious* .... 10,316
Sovereign* .... 9,661
Royal Oak* ... 9,221
Illustrious* ... 10.241
Ramtlliea* .... 9.415
19.50
19.80
13
17.90
19.25
16.7
16.92
18.37
18.5
15.96
16.75
16.8 518
18.7 264
16.25 303
16.03 354.15
15.93 323.75
15 406.30
14.93 455.30
14.51 3S5
14.3 603.50
14.25 469.90
14.22 £67
j Full :
iwer.
4-5 Power.
NAME.
Horse
Power.
r I Coal.
Speed. [ Tono.
Speed.
Ocean* 13.8IS
IbJs" 8.20S
Dido** fcS.339
Renown* 10.708
Venus" 8,290
Caesar* 10,630
Victorious* .... 10,316
Sovereign* .... 9,661
Royal Oak* ... 9,221
Illustrious* ... 10.241
Ramtlliea* .... 9.415
19.50
19.80
13
17.90
19.25
16.7
16.92
18.37
18.5
15.96
16.75
16.8 518
18.7 264
16.25 303
16.03 354.15
15.93 323.75
15 406.30
14.93 455.30
14.51 3S5
14.3 603.50
14.25 469.90
14.22 £67
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> at Townsend'i*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men b7 tha
Press CHpplns Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1C42. • "
Aluminum has been one of the comins
mctala for a long 1 time, but at last it had
arrived. It I" now petting largely Into tha
arts and utilities. Its range la all the way
from a picture frame to a. frying pan.
has taught ushow to make the
best Emulsion in the world;
Experience has proved that
this Emulsion is worthy of
entire confidence. There
are many imitations of
and all kinds of substitutes for it ;
but none equal it.* If your doctor
recommends you to take CQd-Liver
Oil, or you know yourself that you
need it, get SCOTT'S EMULSION ;
it is the best Cod-Liver Oil in the
best form.
If we had yonr address we wo aid «ecd^
you a sample and a pamphlet telling^
more about it.
joe. aad Jt.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT &. BOW.VE. 415 Ve*rl St.. X»w Y«f*.
AUCTION SALES.
Occidental Horse Kxcharpe— Monday, October 13, Horses, at
Vi:Z r i o'clock, at 721 Howard street.
MONDAY OCTOBER 15, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address M Communications ".0 W. S. LE*KE. Manager.
HAXACER*S OFFICi: Telephone preMj«M
PtKLICATIOX OFFICE... Market nnd Tblrd. S. I<\
Telephone I'reK* 201.
i:OlTOniAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Tel op hone Press 2O2.
Delivered l»y Cnrrlern. IS Cen<» Per AVeeli.
Sins:!** «"opl«-!«. •"» <>nt».
Termm l»>- Mail. Inclu<ltn*c l'o»tnce:
TJAILT CAM. (InciudInK Sunday), "no yoar f.™
PAILT CAM. liriCludir.K Sunday), r, months 3-°0
I'AILY <\\\A, cir.chirii.i2 i-'undayt. 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL-By Pintle Month £**
MNUAY CAI-L. Ore Tear i;0
WEEKLY CAM.. Out Year 10°
All ]ui*tiua«teri« are antliorl»ed to receive
nabnerfptionff.
Samp!" copies in:!! »w fcrwarded when requested.
Mail ratxerfbers in ordering <har.ce of address should l>e
rertir-uiar to Five \«v.h SEW AKD OLD ADDRESS In enler
to !r.5ur»" a. i romj-t and correct cnmr'Har.ce with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE His Broadway
GEORGE C. KIIOGNESS.
Varn^er Foreign Advert =.->£. Varqjette Building. Chicago.
fLcrig Distance Telephone "Central 2C1?.")
NT~n- YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.V Herald Sqnare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHES B. 5OIITH :tO Tribune Hailriinsr
NEW YOP.K NEWS STANDS:
V»*a.:s5">r?-Artrria Hctel; A. Erer.tano, n Union Square;
Murray K:U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fheman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fr«Knor.t Hotise; Auditorium Hot"l.
\VA«I!I\f,TOV <I>. C.I OFFICE 14OO O St.. ST. W.
MORTOS E. CHAVr:, Correxpondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES B27 Mcr.tgnrr.ery. corner r,( Clay, open
ur.tii T:3> o'clock. C>> Hayes, open until !>:3-1 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open until &:30 o'clock. 615 I^arkln. open until
i- :' ¦•'rlo'-k. WH Mir^ior.. open unti! 19 o'ci^k. 22Ci Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until If o'clock. lf'<5 Valencia. or*en
until S o'clock. I fl 6 Eleventh, open until & o'clock. N\V. eor-
ti«t Tw-T*.Ty-s«'**nnd nr.<\ K"ntucky. or-^n until 9 o'c]-»ck.
Tivo!!— Verdi Ce'.^rat'.on.
Colurnl ;a— "Quo Va<iis."
A!hair.bra— •'The Man From Mexico."
CaIircrr.'.a^"A Hindoo Hoodoo."
Oi^jn'um — VaoderlSe.
Grand -orxra Hou« — "The Ensign-"
Alcazar— "The Coreicaa Brothers."
Olyrr-rua. corner Mason and K<ld>- streets— Specialties.
O.utea. Zoo &ni Thea.t»r— Vaudeville every alterr.ooti and
cveniii£.
Fischer's — Va«Sev!l!e.
FabbiTs Theater, Oil Felices' Hall— Granl opening Mon-
day r.: C ht.
F.henr.ar.— C.ay Hall— Concert Tuesday even'.r.fr. October IS.
Excursion to Mare Island— Sunday. October M.
Futro Baths — Op*=n rights.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVZttTI3EICE2JTa.MISS FRANCES GRAHAM. THE CONTRALTO, ONE OF THE TIVOLI
FAVORITES. WILL, END HER ENGAGEMENT ON THIS COAST
XEXT WEEK IN "LvA. GIACONDA."
ALICE VOORSANGER, WEDDED
TO DAVID C. SCHWEIZER
MR. AXD MRS. DAVID SCHWEIZER, WHOSE PIXK AXD WHITE
"WEDDIXG PROVED. AN EVENT IN SOCIETY AND WAS ONE OF
THE SWELLEST OF AUTUMN FUNCTIONS.
i0ii T noon yesterday Miss Alice C.
f ¦ Voorsanger, eldest daughter of
fLmmt Rabbi and Mrs. Jacob Voorsang:-
I J| er, was wedded to David C.
%¦ Schweizer. The ceremony was
performed by the bride's father. It was
a pink and white wedding, the decorations
being restricted to those colors, and strict
ly private.
The ceremony took place at the Voor
sanger residence. 1243 Franklin street. The
ushers were the bride's uncle, A. W. Voor
eanger. and Leon Vcorsanger, her brother.
Master Ray Voorsanger, the bride's little
brother, and Bert Well were the pages.
The maid of honor was Miss Mamie Voor
sanger. Louis Schwelzer acted as best
man. Rabbi and Mrs. Voorsanger and
the bridal pair brought up the rear of the
procession.
Beneath a bower of shag-gy white chrys
anthemums and trailing: smilax the mem
bers of the bridal party took their places.
An intertwined monogram with the letters
V and S in pink roses was suspended by
pink and white ribbons from the bills of
two white doves hanging: over them.
Cantor Edward Stark pang the Hebrew
wedding: service. After the ceremony an
elaborate breakfast was served In the
basement, the table decorations being pink
and white roses and white chrysanthe
mums, the flowers covering the walls and
filling every corner.
The bride «nd groom left In the after
noon for Monterey, where they will stay
till the next steamer for Honolulu. After
a few months In the Islands they will
make their homo In San Francisco.
The - bride looked charming In white
duchesse satin trimmed with chiffon and
pearls. She carried a bouquet of orange
blossoms and white bride roses. The
maid of honor wore pink and carried a
pink and white bouquet-
To-sra.
CHICAGO. Oct. 14. — A dispatch to the
Record from Guadalajara, Mexico, says:
A band of brigands under the leadership
cf the notorious Pedro Flores has been
committing numerous murders and rob
beries In the Autlan district of this State
ior several months.
New? has Just reached here that the
ro'bbers made a bold raid on the town of
Autlan and killed the postmaster. Fol- |
lowing this unprovoked murder they loot
ed the place and terrorized the populace.
They have a stronghold In the mountains
cr,d a detachment of rurales has gone In
•furs-dt of them.
Postnaster and Looting the
Haie a Raid on Autlan, Killing tie
DEPREDATIONS OF
•M-r.-grrAy BRIGANDS
Sought Fire Escape to Avoid Snakes. |
Henry Mettler. a recent arrival from
Doran, Inyo County, imbibed freely of
city whisky during Saturday night while
"taking in" the town, and after retiring
to his room at 131 Montgomery street had
a severe attack of D. T's. Police Sergeant
Helms found him scantily clad. endeavor-
Ing to get away from his tormentors by
means of the fire escape In front of the
building, and after a. hard climb caught
him and sent him to the Receiving Hos
pital, where he is confined in the deten
tion ward. . *
Drink "Rainier," only beer on Pacific
Coast that received a medal at Paris Ex
position; awarded for purity and quality.*
LOXDOX. Oct. 15. — An interesting report upon
the Indian cotton Industry is published this
morning by the Times. It shows that the out
put of the mills In 1S99-1900 was nearly 10 per
cent above the average for the five years pre
vious. The Times thinks the facts given are
"hardly likely to relieve the gloom pervading
in Lancashire."
Eddie Mack, the dancing wonder, and
Annie Goldle, "coon shouter" and Hebrew
impersonator, are new faces at the
Olympia.
The uew actors who go on at the Chutes
to-night axe Mr. and Mrs. Harry Jackson
in their laughable comedy, "A Bachelor's
Home"; Irene and Beatrice, novelty
dancers; Azara in "Poses Plastlque," and
Marie Terry, singing soubrette. The hold
overs are Arnold Grazier and Hazel Cala
han. juvenile dancers; Ozar and Delmo,
jugglers, and new moving pictures.
tonio Vargas and Harold Basford are oi
er entertainers at this popular house.
At Fischer's Concert-house the new
names of the week are Alice Ravmond
and Miss Maybelle. Mae Tunlson. Eudora
Ford£, Oscar Slenan. Robert Ellis, An-
Fabbri's Theater at Odd Fellows' Hall
opens to-night for a season with a farce
comedy, an Offenbach operetta and soi:g3
and sketches "by a host of eminent art
ists." Every Friday evening a special
German performance will be given.
comedienne: Ranchle, famous men Im
personator, and Edgar Atchison-Sevely.
K^ - erhart, the hoop wizard, will be still
with us and others of the popular hold
overs are the Nawns. !
••The Man Frcm Mexico" is tne week's
menu at the Alhambra Theater and a
rattling good production of Dtisonchet's
srarklir.g farce comedy the big theater
ha? put en.
The house was cro^wded to the doors
• • •
A HINDOO KOODOO," claiming
the distinction of beir.g a comedy
¦with a new idea, opened at th«
California Theater w.th a mati
r.ee perfcrmar.ee yesterday. Falr
elzed a-J«i!er.ces witnessed the afternoon
end night, productlor-s.
The fun centers around the complica
tions arista* from exhibitions of the oc
cult art of" Chandra Dass the Hindoo.
•w v o Is t v .e hoodoo. The soiil of 'Will Risk
:s ser.t to Mars an3 that of Dr. Upsoa
Dcwrs to Jur'-'-er ard when the Hindoo
conjures Dr. Dcvrn's soul back to earth
It enters the body of TVK1 Risk. In the
second act the various characters get
¦within the magic circle drawn by the Hin
doo ar.d become quacking ducks, barking
dogs and timilar comical possibilities.
Gecrg-e Larsen as Will Risk provokes
laugh after lauph ar.d Anna Boyd as Mrs.
WHI R'.sk divides the honors ct the stage
¦with him. These, with Edumund Bur
roughs as a bellboy, form a rnlrth-pro
voking- trio.
"Quo Vadis" •will enter upon Its second
week at the Columbia Theater to-n!chL
The handsome scenery and good music
Helen Baird has a. happy part in Jxrs.
Fltzhew. Dorothy Armstrong does fairly
well as SalHe Graice— there is so little to
do; Adeline Mann is a pretty Nettie Ma
jors ar.d Mildred Keith pleases as the
maid Miranda.
and the delicious absurdities of the farce.
the tragic predicaments of Its blufflnp
hero, the screamingly tunny situations,
¦were preeted with a continual ripple and
roar of laughter all through t.»c evening.
There is rot a dull moment from begin
ning- to end. Situation succeeds situation
¦with aJl but bewildering swiftness: and
the sparkling- dialog-ue and clever by
play keep ore on the qul \ive from start
to finish.
George C. Boniface Jr. as the "Man
From Mexico" is distinctly good. His
clever lines are given with excellent ef
fect, his expressive countenance alor:o
tells the tale of comic woe, and the part
of the good-natured bon vivant in a
scrape is quite' safe in the hands of. Mr.
Boniface. K. \Y. Bernard as the bothered
Colonel Majors does thoroughly good
work; the esthetic Warden Loveall 's
cleverly sketched by D. Vj Landau: an
excellent bit of character play is done by
Gus Pixley as the Fliegercde Blatter ap
pearing cabman. Von Bulow Bismarck
Schmidt, and the unlovely Mr. Cook,
Tammany Sheriff, is played for all the
part is worth by M. L. Hickert.
GEORGE C. BONIFACE JR. A>'D MISS HELEN BAIRD IN A SCENE
FROM THE SPRIGHTLY COMEDY. "MAN FROM MEXICO," WHICH
IS XOT PLATING AT THE ALHAXfBRA THEATER.
The Orpheum announces among the
newcomerj Lizzie B. Raymond, character
At the Alcazar Theater to-night an
adaptation of Dumrs" novel of "The Cor
slcan Brothers." by Howard Hall, will be
put on and a "sumptuous spectacular pro
duction" is promised.
Miss Graham has been a great success
at the Tivoli and has become a great
favorite not only with the public and the
manager', but with her fellow artists
as well. She was born in Canada and was
brought here when but an infant. When
she was 15 under the p. d vice of Henry Ab
bey she was sent to Europe to study. She
Is therefore almost a native of this State.
After leaving here Miss Graham will go
to New York to fill a thirty weeks' con
tract with Savage & Grau. Under their
management she will sing in New York,
St. Louis and Chicago. Her principal roles
will be Fides In "The Prophet." Carmen,
Azulena. Amneris and Ortrud. She has
promised to return to the Tivoli for next
year's prand cpera season.
This week Francis Graham, the con
tralto who has charmed Tivoli audiences
lor the past half year, will take a vaca
tion and next week she will make her
last appearance here, for her engagement
will end with the month. She will ap
pear in "La Giaconda."
This evening the Tivoli will celebrate
the birthday of the great composer, Verdi,
with a special bill, consisting of the choice
works of the famous maestro. The entire
company will appear in acts of "Alda,"
"Otello, "Rigoletto," "Trovatore," etc.,
and the debut will occur of Signor Cas
tellano and Signorina Barbaroschl. To
morrow evening, Thursday. Sunday nights
and Saturday matinee "Carmen" will be
presented with a remarkable cast, 'nclud
ine Russo, Salassa, Repetto, Nicolinl
Schuster and the famous diva, Colla
marinl, who has been specially engaged
for the role of Carmen. By special re
quest "The Jewess" will be given on.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday nights,
with Lucenti, LJchter, Stewart and Bar
ron Berthald in the principal roles, "this
being the final appearance of Berthald.
are attracting much attention and Mason
Mitchell and Mary Emerson are to be
praised for their good work.
After "Quo Vadis" Stuart Robson, in his
brilliant success, "Oliver Goldsmith," will
be heard.
Frances Graham
to Leave the
Tivoli.
Man From Mex
ico Put on at
Allmmtira.
Built on Antics
of Amateur
Matatma.
"HINDOO HOODOO," A COMEDY WITH A MEW IDEA,
OPENS WITH FAIR PROSPECTS OF A GOOD RUN
T. P. Curtis, the well-known leashman,
Is lying dangerously III at his home in
Santa Clara, Mr. Curtis Is the oldest
T. P. Curtis Seriously 111.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— Rev. Albert B. Slmp
(on, president of the Christian and Missionary
Alliance, to-day preached his annual mission
ary sermon at the Gospel Tabernacle, and as
a result over $50,000 in cash, pledges and prop
erty were realized for the mission work of tha
alliance for the coming year.
Any Dealer Anywhere
will supply EVANS' ALE and STOUT.
Sherwood & Sherwood. •
At St. Peter's Church, comer Stockton
and Filbert streets, the rector. Rev. "W.
M. Bours; preached yesterday morning on
"The Charity. That Thinketh No Evil."
The text was from the Epistle for the
day. "Ch"arlty," said the preacher, "is
the direct -Inspiration of the Holy Spirit;
the fruit of. endeavor. There is no man
however degraded who has not somewhere
down deep in his soul a remnant of good
in him. It is the best evidence of the true
Christian that faith in his fellow men Is
never lost. To reclaim, encourage, reform
and bring, to ; Christ those, who have gone
astray is the duty of the Christian."
The Rsv. Mr. Bours at St. Peters.
James Loughlin and Thomas Rellly
were arrested yesterday for disturbing
the peace. A bottle containing knock
out drops was found on Loughllo. The
police also searched his room and found
some chloral. Loughlln Is suspected of
having recently robbed many soldiers
while masquerading in the uniform of a
private- ;v::-
Carried Knockout Drops.
courslnp man In the State and the owner
of a kennel of hounds which ranks among
the best In the country. His celebrated
Luxor and Beacon are favorites for the
John Grace challenge cup stake.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1900.
5
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ADV-ES.TISEMSNTS.
DR.P5ERCES
MEDICAL
FOR THE *
BLOOD.E.1VER.UJMGS.I
1A/. X. HESS.
K0TARY POJ^i: ANJ mjHNir-AT-H;?.
Tenth Floor. Room lCIj. Claus Spreckels Bl<Jg.
Telephone Drown SCI.
Residence, in California st.. below Powell.
Ean Francisco.
patents!' ;)
3?rj sj
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. SCLCal.. Cldnle bd.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IROX.
JT B II fi fft SW Battery Street.
¦W niLjvn C LU • Telephone- Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
C W QHITH Si:i P Plamblne. Steamboat and
V- IT- J.UlIll' ship Work a tpeclalty. 15 and
IS Washington it. Telephcne Main ;6<1.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical E.-.?b**r. 35 East st
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA3- DUILSttCJ- ctay. Tel. Main liM.
OALVAMZINQ.AND METALS.
M*fr. * Dealer !n MetaJs & Galvar-lzlny. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. «S Howard rt.
METAL.
Extra llnotrr* and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First St.. San FraneWco.
OILS.
LUBRICATIXO OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 Front bC. S. F. Phone Main 17W.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & LuhrlcatlnK Oils. Schneider's Minis*
Candles. C G. CLINCH &. CO.. » Front. S. F.
PRINTINQ.
E-CHUGBES, S U^ o N n^.S.F.
PRINTERS. BO3K BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JCDD CO..
O First at.. San FranMsco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
WHIM i5fl STEifl COAL, ¥h2 e bEa?^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. «• Jt» GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, Is the Best Coal In tha
E&rkeu Otflce and Yards — 1»0 Mala atreet
NOT!
The lowest price, but the
best suit ot clothes at mod-
erate prices Is what you
want. This combines a styl-
ish cut, perfect fit and best
of trimmings and is what
you get at
JOE POHEIMS,
THE TAILOR,
Suits to order. $13. 30 to
$55.OQ. Pants. 84.50 to
JrfliS.OO Overcoats.
*1. ¦>.()() to S40.O0- Hon-
est dealing and prompt at-
tention.
201 and 203 Montgomery st..
mo and 1112 Market St., Saa
Francisco.
143 S. Spring" St., Los An-
geles.
Or. Bennett's Electee Belt
y.tr -r veak era and wests stro&c and it rang
Ken and m-cssea stronxer. Rooms 6 a&d i, 17
lx»t tt.. EAn FrascUco, Cai.
V^y^CKES^tg Olfrx. Spernatorrboet.
f^ff-jf G=xr»r"el Q '¦t«rje». or tkor li<!i>->n»
#.f«»Q C4t ta ccrt0tar«b tiu^, jrrlt*.tioa or u*.«r*-
m m^ rnrmnXB o*Bt>c1«a. tics B Q c o B V a.€U^
K>^*nF£uiisCK£»c?"«R<». tr *an- HoB-a4trtnc«ufc
c:tS*KitlO |V.g1 3ol <* »i Dratnruu,
*^k c. ™. a 2:*i ? r K ' nt *° puib wr»pr««.
JZSSf^S^_L«-<yrW V^* 1^ 1^*! Prepaid, ijt
tri IJ* ftf fc-vA M Ointment fails
Price 2J cents. AH druggists, or cent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD. 175 N*. Sprtr.g St.. Los Anseles. Cal.
and use it in preference to all
ether cooking fats. Mrs. Ewing,
who is dean of the Chautauqua
(N. Y.) Cooking School, says:
"TVT.rte OOTTOLENE Is absolutely neutral.
perfect]? oior!«s ani flavorless, and conse-
quently rr.nch fjp^rlcr to lard ai & trying rne~
<2:um ani Fh^rtrr.iEs cgent. It Is mere econom-
ical, c]»*r.^r ar.ij mere wholesome than lard for
s.'.'. cotkltg purposes."
TT' r ~7*Zi The N.KJa!rbask Company.
VjS^^W* ' FR7F f °" <S*J«r booklet,
a-JMio'' < £k^ »a*i-'-<l free to anraddreai. For
\>\lr^£<U ' rir '*' s " *^cip we wi:'. wud fr*e our
12^3*^-- £* la l>a:re "^pe book. -Home
! *~v J m*' Helps ¦ edited njr art Jlorer.
WHITE COTTOLENE
Expert Cooks are unanimous
in their praise of
WHITE COTTOLENE.
There is no hog fat in
Is not their opinion something
to you? Try a pail of
WHITE COTTOLENE
and you will find that your food
will be more delicious, appetizing
and wholesome than ever before.
WHITE COTTOLENE
in preference to all other cooking
fats?
Did you ever stop to think that
the well-known cooking; experts,
Mrs. Rorer, Mrs. Ewing, Marion
Harland, Mrs. Lincoln, Mrs.
Owens, Mrs. Parker, Miss Wil-
lis, Mrs. Hiller, all use and rec-
ommend
Kno\A/n I
and used everywhere :
w where known. ¦
"Ko=Nut" j
A Pure Sterilized Cocoanut ;
Fat — never Rets rancid — twice ;
the shortening: power of lard. ]
For Shortenin g: ;
and F'rying'. ¦
As a general rule 12 ozs. of j
"KO-XUT" is equal to 16 ozs. !
I of butter, and from 18 to 20 ¦
ozs. of lard. Try it Ask ;
your Grocer, or write
India Reiining Co., I
Philadelphia. /' o j
*TIVOL1*
TO-XIOHTt TO-NIGHT! TO-N1GHTT
VERDI BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION I
ACTS OF
••AIDA." "OTELLO." "RIGOLETTO." •TRO-
VATORE."
The- Entire Company Will App«*r.
D«but of CASTEIAAXO and BARBAUESCHL
TUESDAY. THURSDAY. SUXT>AY >^GHT3t
SATURDAY MATIXEE*.
"CARMEN."
Tt* Owat Dtva COLLAJLVRIXI a* CARMEf.
Wed3es2ay. Friday. Saturday Evenlsjs,
"THE JEWESS."
POPULAR PRICES ZJc aal SSa
Telephone Bush 9.
SPECIAlr-THUIlSDAY AFTERXOOS. Oct. tS.
GRAND SYMPHONY CONCERT.
Direction of Max Hlrschfeld. Orchestra of 90.
Seats on Sale THURSDAY. SherrEau. Clay A
Co.'g Store.
HARD TO BEAT!
TiTZZIE B. BAYMO2TD, EDOAR
ATCHISOIT - ELY, BAUCHLE,
TWIN HALE SISTERS, TOM
NAWN & CO., THE GREAT
EVERHAET, EDDIE GrRATVP
AND JESSIE GARDNEB, WILLIS
FAMTLY, BIOGBAPH.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony. 1*>: Opera
j Chairs and Dox Seats. 50c.
ir.\TIXEES-We<lne«day. Saturday and Sraday
A GALLONOF MIRTH
ETTT IT WAS ALL. POLITE LAtJGHTSK.
AHMGHC0D08
i SCOP.ED AX INSTANTANEOUS HIT LAST
NIGHT.
ALL THIS WEEK. MATIKEE 8ATTTRDAT.
Neit Sunday Afternora. Wit. H. WEST'S
BIG MINSTREL JUBILES.
fay ir 4 **«*»¦
SECOND GREAT WEEK.
THE ONLY REAL
The Orldnal Lcndi3n. New York and C^lca^o
Production.
THE BEST PLAY. THE BEST PLAYTH13.
THE ilOST IMPOSING PRODUCTION.
PRICES $t.oO, $1. 75c. 50c. 23o
Al? Enlr.icionse, Proprietor and Mar-ager.
Phone South ¦_¦
I Every Ever.lr.fr Th'.s TVeek. Mat. Saturday.
I "THET CX)ME WITH BANNERS WAVING."
PLAYIXCi TO STANDING ROOiL
iTHEMANFSsSflEXiGO
' That Funay Farce Is Repeating Its Former
i Reccri.
WITH GEOHGE C. BONIFACE TR. and &
Select Comedy Caat.
First Time at PoT>nlar Pr!?«.
Ever.lr.fr 15c. Sc. 3." c . 30o aa<! 75o
Matinee 15c. Sc. X>o and 50a
Vext Sunday Afternoon. Another St»'.'.ar At-
traction From New York— i Er.OV.V9 tM
! TOWN."
I ,
I
QFWND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATTTRDAT AXD STTNX>AT.
l\ ttu ST. fw u;^ t£Sj 2* tt^ v t>\ ny
THIS EVESKG THIS EVEXTXO
¦Wllltara Haworth'a Great
Patriotic Naval Dracia
THE ENSIGN
EVENING PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra 73c.
MATIXEE PRICES lOc. 15c, 35«. 5Oc.
No Hlffher
Branch Ticket Office— Esportum.
TO-NICHT A t VE E 5^
Snioptuoas Spectacular ProdncUc^
THE
CORSICAN
BROTHERS I
Adapted by Howard Hall Fronx Alexander
Dumas' Novel.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next "Week, an Original P.orr.antlo DraT*-
; "A SOLDIER OF THE EMPIRE." *
CHUTES^ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENCia
MB. AND MBS. HASEY JACKSON,
MARIE TEEEY, IRENE AND
BEATRICE, AZAKA, GRAZIEU
AND CAIAHAN, OZAB AND
DELMO, NEW MOVING PIC-
TUBES.
; THE CONGO^ FAMILY,
- AMATEUR NIG3T, TEDRSDAY.
TeJechone for Seats Park O.
, FABBRI'S THEATER
(ODD FELLOWS' HALL.)
" GSAHD 0rB.iI53 N:3i7 JIOyDAT, Cet 13, 1303.
The week's protmmnn will consist of a De-
1 Drhtful Fare* Comedy.
AX OPERETTA BY OFFENBACH.
Tosether with an o'.lo of •peel&lties, dances,
songs and s>lcetcne3 ot rare merit by a host oi
s eminent artists.
Every FrlJay evening GETtMAN PERFOHST-
AXCE by a splendid company of v\3.y*ra.
Pooular price.*— r^c and Sic. Box aaeet at
I Ehennan. Clay & Co.'s.
~ ncrui?R'5 concert house,
5 Alice Raymond. Miss Mayb«lle. Ma» Toa-
• lson. Eudora Fonl?f O«<-ar Lienan, Robert
" E1U«. Antonio Vargas. Harold Easford and
New Moving Flcturea.
Reserved E^ats. Sc: Matlneg Sunday.
SUXRO B^THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
O^en Dally From ? a. is. to IX &• £X
'¦ Bathlr^ From 7 a. rn. to 19 p. a.
ADiIIS?ION inc. CHILDREN Sc.
Bathlr.e. Including admission. 25c: Children, gta.
¦a ¦ ¦"— ¦^™
y Weafe Men and Women
M CHOCLD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, TH1V
ta sreat Mexican remedy; slTes healta aal
•trenrtn to aezsal orsafis. Leyot, S3 IXarksb
A T> y B RTT-^'F'M V- N T ?s
TELEPHONE GRAtNT S3.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
See Thursday's Papers for Midweek
Specials.
ADAM3 MINERAL WATER— Thou-
sands in this city who have been ben-
efited by this water will attest to its
positive healing qualities. Try it if
your liver, stomach or kidneys are
out of order. Fresh shipments re-
ceived weekly. We are the sole !
agents.
Case — 50 quarts 97.75
Dozen quarts $2.23
On return of case and bottles we
allow $1.50.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Golden Peas, "New Era"
2-lb tins 15c, doz SI. 75
R*.rular 20c and 12 23 dozen.
New goods. Equal to any French.
Sweet Wines. *&£: 3 bots SI-GO
Flve-reax-old Port, Sherry. Angelica.
Malaga. Tokay- and Madeira.
"SiiYio M 6asHeat3r££- 70c
The old stand-by. Heats
ycur room In 19 min-
utes. Can be attached
u to any gaa fixture.
German Dill Pickles, quirt 15c
Sew Importation.
Baking Pcwifer, "New Era," tin 30c
Regular 40c Pure and -wholesome.
Vanilla Extract, *&¦&* 40c
Lemon Extract .30c
"Xew Era" our best quality.
WooJ Alsohal, \Z*2S$: gel 31.10
Quart bott!e35c
Regular with us Jl X and 40c. Else-
RockTnd fl/a, "Eas'ern." * 85c
A scientific preparation cf German rock
candy and pure whisky. Pleasant drink;
guards against cold.
Rice, Carolina, 5-B pkg 45c
lO-lbpkg85c
"Xew Era" brand. Regular 10c Tb.
The finest quality.
Tcilst Soap, Cclgcte's. bx3cks25c
"Gerosa" brand cf a new odcr.
Cal. Use) Fiis R *£c 3 lb3 4 Ills 25c
This season's, of an excellent quality.
Green Sea Turth Meal S£ tin 43c
"Just in." The delight of connois;eurj
and bons vlvaxus.
Cranberry Sauce, g£ f-l3t;n 20c
Anderson's. Recognized as the best.
Horseradish Mosta^d jar 20c
"Bayle's." The orirlnal and genuine.
B-urre d'Ecretsses Ju ™ b in Butter) -
Free delivery to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE'
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and anaJ&gous complaints or tha
Organa of Generation. -.'¦:'
Price |1 a bottle. For sale by drusxlata.
CASH OR CREDIT.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INSPECT OCR PRICES.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Opca Evenlsts. Rear PowtlLTO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
v v .-;.: Sunday. October 14.
• .Etmr Iaqua, Bash. 86 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olscn, 15 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie. 9 hours from
Pireon Point.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours from
San • IMego, etc.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Navarre, Jensen. 19 hours from Usal.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 63 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 23 hours from Mos*
Landins.
Stmr Lackme. Echage 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, 75 hours
from Grays Harbor.
Ship Luclle, Hansen, 7 days from Seattle.
Br ehip Albyn. Williams. 142 days from
Antwerp.
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Fort
ROSS. .-. ..¦¦.:
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
put In, new deck houses will accommodate
Captain Titchworth, new boilers will be
added to the equipment and the crews'
quarters will be attended to. All in all,
the Annie will be practically a new boat
when she comes off the ways.
The Santa Fe Company's new ferry-boat
will make her official trial trip to-day.
She is expected to make at least 17 knots.
Saturday she was out "limbering up" all
day. . ,
THE British Bhip Albyn, which ar- '
-lved from Antwerp yesterday, had
a. lively time of It rounding the
Horn. During the first part
&f the voyage all hands had a
irood time, but as soon as latitude 53 de
grees couth was struck the fun began.
Sails were blown out of the boat ropes,
decks were swept, cabins were flooded and
the chief officer was washed overboard.
Captain "Williams' report of the worst
part of the voyage, embodied in that
unique chronicle, the ship's log. Is as fol
lows:
Oa Atyrurt 11 In latitude C3.M S., lonsitu<le
S3. 13 W.. had very heavy gales from the north
west with a very hi»rh. confused sea. Ship
laboring; heavily and decks full of water. At
» a. m. the rlnr bolt In port cathead carried
Bwax. Put helm up to keep ehlp before the
wind. The foresails flapped and knocked the
mate. G«orpe W. Moore, overboard and he was
drowned. He- waa a native of Liverpool, aged
<8 years.
The «ea* were going clean over the ship.
tsa.klnjt it lniDosstbU to lower a boat. Threw
a. life buoy overboard, but he wa» gone. At 4
p. m. tho cral* Increased, with a high, mount
tUnou* eea. Ehio lurching heavily to leeward.
. Theee sales lasted until we reached latitude
IS B., longitude 81.11 W.
Had north northwesterly winds to latltud* 45
6. Had easterly winds to latitude 22 S. Had
northerly winds to latitude 27 N. Took the
northeast trade In latitude 27 N. and carried
them to latitude 2 S. Crossed the equator Sep
tember 14 la lonrttud* 115.20 W. ! Took north
' east trades la latitude 11 N. and carried them
to latitude SS N. ; from thence to port had
westerly winds.
Chief Officer Moore was well known in
Ban Francisco. He made a number of
trips to this port a» third and second
officer. At the time he was swept Into
the sea he was (standing on the forecastle
attending to the difficult job of shorten
ing sail. All In an instant the sea broke
over the bow and he was carried away.
It was several moments before Captain
Williams knew that an accident had hap
pened, and then it was too late to save
tho officer from drowning.
WILL RACE TO HONOLULU.
"Wager of New Hat Placed on Trip
of Barkentines.
"Water Front Notes.
The barkentines 8. N. Castle and Gar
den* City sailed for Hawaii yesterday.
Both vessels went out about the same
time and each had a new master In com
mand. Captain Hubbard of the Castle
remains ashore and Captain Nilsen takes
his barkentine out. Captain Walton of
the Garden City was formerly on the
Dora Bluhm and expects to make a record
on this trip. Incidentally the two cap
tains have a bet of a new hat as to which
vessel will reach Honolulu first.
The tug Annie is to be transformed into
a new vessel. She Is now at Hay &
Wright's yards and all the superstructure
Is being overhauled. New decks are to be
Dolbeer, from Eureka; stmr Homer, from
Eureka.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 14— Schr Annie Lar
son, from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Willamette,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 13— Br ship Carlisle City, hence
Sept 6. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct IS— Br Btmr Buck
ingham, from Java.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived orevious to Oct 13—
Stmr Nippon Marti, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Nagasaki, Shanghai and Hong
kong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr La Lor
raine, from Havre; stmr Cap Frio, from Ham
burg and Boulogne; stmr Georgian, from
Liverpool.
Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Hydes, for San Fran
cisco.
BOSTON- Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Ultonla, from
Liverpool.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Mesaba. for
New York.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Umbrla,
from Liverpool for New York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sa-x
Francisco Bay Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The hJ«h and low waters occur at
the city front tMlsnion-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both places
MONDAY. OCTOBER 15.
CHIEF OFFICER OF BRITISH SHIP ALBYN IS LOST OVERBOARD IN A HURRICANE OFF THE HORN
•PORT TOWN SEND— Passed up Oct 13— Schr
Charles Hansen; schr Annie Larsen, for Ta
coma: stmr Cottage City, for Seattle.
Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Faralon, from Skagruay;
Ger Bh'.a Taul Rickmera, from Nagasaki.
Sailed Oct 13— Schr Endcavorer, for Callao:
schr Cyrus King:, for Port Pirle; Chll. bark
George Thompson, for West Coast.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Del Norte,
from Portland.
Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 14— Stmr George TV
Elder, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Fulton, hence Oct 10.
Oct 14— Br ship Dalealrnio, from Shanghai ; Br
ehlp Conway, from Shanghai.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Alcazar,
from Port Los Ansreles:. schr C S Holmes,
from Tacoma; Br ship Astracana. from Ham
bur;:. ¦ : ¦ ' •
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Oct 13— Schr Mawee
ma. from Port Blakeley; schr Meteor, from
Tacoma. ¦ . . -
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 14— Schr Bertha
DOMESTIC PORTS
SAILED.
Sunday, October 14.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgrett. Ventura.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcoison. San Pedro.
Ger ship Alaterntxe, Engel, London.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Tillamook, Hughes. Albion.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pedersen, Chemalnus.
Ship Eclipse, Larsen, Tacoma.
Bktn S N Castlp. Nielsen. Honolulu.
Bktn Gardiner City, "Walton, Honolulu.
Barge Santa Paula,- Nielsen. Ventura,
fc'chr Volunteer. Brissem, Cops Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS (10 p. m.)— Weather hazy;
wind NW; velocity 16 miles.
Dowleite Deacon Arrested.
MANSFIELD. Ohio. Oct. U.— The Dow.
ielte deacon. Homer Kessler of Chicago,
made another unsuccessful attempt to
hold services here to-day. He was taken
in charge by the police while holdine ser
vices at the home of E. D. Calver and
was sent out of the city on thc'we«t
bonnd Pennsylvania passenger train at
noon.
HOLDS THREE MISSIONS.
WASHINGTON, Oct. U.— Louis P.
Corea, the Xlcaraguan Minister here, has
been accredited by his Government to
Mexico also. He was already Minister to
Chile, so that he holds three missions
simultaneously. Senor Corea had just
arrived at New Orleans from Nicaragua
when he received hia last appointment
and proceeded at once to the City of Mex
ico. It Is understood that the purpose of
his Government in naming him for tho
post was to have a suitable representa
tive in Mexico during the approaching
Pan-American conference next October.
THE eagle shoot held in conjunc
tion with tho annual picnic and
moonlight festival of tho Har.no
veraner Verein at Shell Mound
Park yesterday was won by
DIedrich Otten. After the victor had shot
away the last fragment of a huge wooden
bird suspended high in the air he waa
crowned shooting king while seated on a
white charger, fully caparisoned, to
which he had been carried by his enthu
siastic admirers. President Sturke of tho
Verein placed an evergreen wreath on
Otten's ehoulders and ho was then led
around the grounds to the accompanying
hurrahs of the multitude.
The- eagle shoot was the first ever held
by the verein and thero were eighty-three
contestants. The prizes ranged from u
gold medal and $50 In cash for the first
down to $10 for the last. It took from
early morning until after dusk to bring
down the last remnant of the national
bird. The prizes were won In the follow-
Ins order:
King shot, gold medal and $50 in cash,
DIedrich Otten; second prize, crown, "Wll
11am Foef^: third prize, globe, J. Lanke
nau; fourth prize, scepter, i>. Denicke:
lifth prize, ring. H. Schult; sixth prize,
head, John Brandt; seventh to be raf
fled; eighth, right wing. Henry Sturke:
ninth, left wing, H. Hennlng; tenth, right
talon. C. Bredehof; eleventh, left talon.
C. Luhrs; twelfth, breast, Al Broyer.
The affair was a success in every de
tail. While the eagle shoot attracted tho
most attention the other amusements
provided by competent committees were
thoroughly enjoyed. It was 10 o'clock In
the evening before the festivities came co
an end. Following were the committees:
Arrangements — John Pape, A. B. Broyer,
Fred Eggers.
Shooting— J. M. Foge. Peter Eckhoff. Chris
Itoeber.
Reception — John Kreft. Fred Offerman, Y?.
Hoffschneider, C. Luhrs.
Games — Herman Denlcke, J. H. Lemmer
mann, Herman Dierks.
Floor manager, William Ahrena; assistants —
P. Schween. Otto von Borstel.
CROWNING OF OTTEN AS THE SHOOTING KING.
Minor Baseball Games.
MAHTSVIIJ-E. Oct. 14.— In the Northern
California lwvguo to-day MarysvMe defeated
Colusa by a score of 11 to 4. This ties the two
teams for flrat place. The batteries in to-day's
punif were Morrow and Bulger, Hanson and
Beville.
At Orovllle the home team won from Gridley
by a score of 10 to 6.
DOLPHINS LAUNCH A
NEW PLEASTJBB BAKQE
Many members and friends of tha
Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club
were present at the boat house yesterday
to witness the launching of a new rlei<?
ure barge. ¥
The new barge will be a valuable addi
tion to the boats already owned by th»
club, and will be used on fine Sundays
during the winter, when the absence of
nigh winds and rough water renders row
ing on the bay much more asrreeabla
than during the summer, especially for
parties In which ladies are Included The
ceremony was witnessed by many lady
friends of the members. " "
Cincinnati Shut Out.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 14.— St. Louis mads Cincin
nati look like a minor league club this after
noon. The vlBltors never had a chance. St.
Louis is now tied with Chicago for nfth place.
Attendance 6300. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Pt. Louis 7 17 1
Cincinnati 0 5 0
Batteries— BudhofT. Crifw and Stanton; Scott
and Peitz. Umpire — Emalie.
TCnJNQ AMERICA BEATS
OLD ENGLAND'S SONS
He turn Cricket ICatch at Alameda
Is Neatly "Won by the
Tie return match of Young America
V6. Old Enprland was played yesterday on
the AlamfQa grounds, and resulted In
a victory for Young America by 13 runs.
Young Amrrica went first to the bat.
Trtth J. Guild and V. Seebeck, who were
disposed of for 2 and 4, respectively. H.
Bird and F. Croll, however, made a
stand, the former scoring 19 and the la'
tcr 17 runs. B. LSird made top score.
his contribution being 27, not out. \V.
Fortman also obtained double flgrures,
and the inninps closed for the respecta
ble total of 104 runs. H. Ward Jr.. who
was to have played for Young America,
remained on the side of Old Knslajid. to
•which he rendered excellent service, cap
turing four wickets. Sloman took three
and Coles two.
Old England went to the hat with
Baunders and Sheath, but the latter was
run out for 0. Then Coles Joined Saun
ders, a.nd runs came pretty quickly, the
third wicket falling for TA runs. A. D.
Iteynolds scorf-d 13. Harold Ward 12 anJ
J. Myers, not out. 11. Seven wickets
¦were down for 90 runs, and the match
became close and exciting. The last three
¦wickets of the Young America team
tia.d put on 40 runs, but the last three
¦batsmen cf Old England broke down
completely, adding only 1 to the Rcore.
B. Bird took five wickets. W. Fortmaa
thre© and F. Croll one.
Association Satisfied.
FLAW'S RECORD STANDS.
Executive Committee of the Athletic
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The executive
and advisory committees of the Intercol
legiate Association of Amateur Athletics
of America held a joint meeting at the
Fifth-avenue Hotel to-day. The follow
ing: records were allowed and standard
record medals awarded in each case, the
records having been made at the recent
game?:
A. Plaw, University of California, for
throwing the 16-pound hammer, 154 feet
4 1 - inches: F. Beck, Yale. 16-pound j-hot,
44 feet 3 inches: Alex Grant. University
of Pennsylvania, two-mile run, & minutes
51 3-5 seconds.
Handball Games.
At the San Francisco handball courts
yesterday the following games were
played:
T. Finn and J. Manning 21 IS 21
J. McNamara and W. Cueuninss 20 21 13
C. BaFch and Martin Levy 21 21 21
M. Uerwin and J. Durrand ]g i» \<$
T. Serres and J. Glynn 21 21 21
¦\V. Johnson and C. Mitchell 17 n jg
P. McKInnon and G. McDonald 21 jq »)
L. Carralne and M. McNeil 19 21 16
M\ Dillon and C. Lakln 21 21 21
M. Joyce and P. Kelly 10 12 19
B. Clements and E. Antron 51 jj 21
L. Kenny and A. Collins 13 1; 20
D. Connelly and P. Ryan 21 19 21 13 21
G. B. Haj-w-ard and W.Flsher...l7 21 12 21 19
A. McVlcker and T. Leach 21 21 15 20 21
J. Condon and M. Basch 11 it 21 21 17
TV. Kidd and A. Whiteman 21 21 IS 19 21
E. White and J. Ktlllan 12 13 21 21 17
A. Hampton and J. Harlow 13 21 21 IS 21
J. Collins and W. llaguire 21 15 13 21 17
For purity and quality in beer dnnk
"Rainier." the only beer on Pacific Coast
1 awarded medal at Paris Exposition. •
TEAM STANDING.
*}* Cluhs — Won. Lost. Cent.
*{* Sacramento 40 £0 .571
V p.tn Francisco 40 33 .611
v Stockton S-t 89 .4:>s
•J* Oakland S3 43 .MS
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0 02020100— E
Baso hits 1 0 2 13 0 2 1 0— 10
San Fr.in-:l3CO 0 00200020— 4
Base hits 1 112 0 0 12 1—3
SUMMARY,
Runs responsible for— Knell 3. Harper 2.
Three-baso hits— McCarthy 2, McHale. Twq
base hits — Hlldebrani. Johnson. Sacrifice hits
—Brockhoff. Levy, Graham. First base on er
rors — Pan Francisco 1. Stockton 1. Flrst^baso
on called balls — San Francisco 5, Stockton 3.
Left on bases — San Francisco 7, Stockton 8.
Struck out— By Knoll 2. by Harper 2. Hit by
jiltchcr— 8chwartz. Double play— McHale to
fctrr-ib. Wild pitch— Knell. Umpire— H. Smith.
Official scortT — J. W. Staoleton.
MORNING GAME.
San Francisco 6, Stockton 0.
Over on the Oakland grounds yesterday
morning Ham Iburg demonstrated that
he had passed the fallen-down stage and
was a pitcher again. His curves were to
tho Millers like a cipher message without
a key. Four scattered hits were all they
BOXING NIGHT AT
WEST 0AKLA1TD. CLUB
T-wro Ten-Round. Bouts, "With a Four-
Round Contest, Are on the
Programme.
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.— The West Oakland
Athlotic Club will give a boxing night
Tuesday evening at the gymnasium.
Eighth and Wood streets. The pro
gramme includes a ten-round match be
tween George Curran and Tom Herman.
122 pounds, both of the San Francisco
Athletic nub. This will be the feature of
the evening.
Mike Welch cf Alameda and Jack Dolan
of the West Oakland Athletic Club are
booked for a four-round go at 115 pounds.
A ten-round fight between Jim Little and
Frank Wall of the San Francisco Ath
lotic Club, at 12S pounds. Is also on the
card.
FOOTBALL MEN HAVE
EXCEEDINGLY HARD LUCK
Star Players Keceive Injuries "Which
Causes Itelay in Practice.
Training Table Started.
BERKELEY, Oct. 14.— The University of
California football team is playing against
a lot of hard luck this term. An unusual
number of men have been hurt. and. al
though their Injuries have not been seri
ous, the delay in practice resulting there
from is causing considerable injury to
team work and anxious moments for
coaches.
With half a dozen star men laid off at
once, the university eleven has been
greatly handicapped in its work. Orval
Overall, the big freshman who was being
trained for guard, has been laid up for
two weeks on account of an injured hip.
As there are few men eligible for this po
sition,* his Injuries have caused unusual
anxiety among the college football enthu
siasts. Lloyd Womble. the veteran end.
has been too sore to practice for some
time on account of hard knocks received
on the gridiron, but it is expected that he
will be out sometime before the end of
this week. Smith. Whlpplo, Albertson.
Starr. Ramsaur and Brune were all hurt,
but have plucklly stayed with the game.
Cornish, center, is ill with chills and
fever, and Braley, a promising man for
fullback, has also had his practice delay
ed by Illness.
In spite of all these difficulties the squads
are keeping up a vigorous practice. The
training table has been started and the
following fourteen men have been placed
In that squad: Prln;?le. Womble. Cornish.
Smith, More, Albertson, Castlehun, Starr.
Coleman, Braley, Ltice, Clay, Duden and
Dunbar.
WHITE WINGS WILL BE
SNUGLY FOLDED SOON
San FTancisco Fleet Holds the Clos
ing Cruise of the
Season.
The San Francisco Yacht Club gave the
closing dance of the season, the year and
the century on Saturday nisht at the club
house In Sausalito. Nearly one hundred
members and euests wore present and a.
pleasant time was passed until the whittle
of the ferry-boat summoned the dancera
away.
The last cruise of the season took placo
yesterday. Toward noon a fine breezo
carried the fleet away from tiausalito.
Commodore W. N. McCarthy on the
schooner Ramona setting th« s!gua! tor
Fort Point. On the way out three or four
whales were observed spouting, some of
them coming at times quite nrar to tho
yachts. The San Francisco fleet was ac
companied by the Corinthian sloops Aeo
lus. Truant, Emma. Harpoon ami Eilna
and the yawl Arcturus. The San Fran
cisco fleet comprised the flagship Ramona,
Vice Commodore II. R. SlmpKln-s, yawl
Tramontana. the sloops Siren, Nixie. Cys
nus. Thetis and Surprise and the schooner
Chlspa. After cruising out toward Fort
Point the fleet turned toward the upper
bay, the sloops Cyjrnus, Thetis and Sur
prise dropping anchor in a little Inlet to
the south of Paradise Cove. Here were
anchored the sloops Jessie K. Aloha and.
Thelma of the California Yacht Club.
On the homeward trip the wind waa
very light, most of the yachts having to
send men out In small boats to tow. A3
they neared Sausalito they came Into a
little breeze, which took them to their
moorings. George D. Campbell has taken
the cutter Folly up to the marshes near
Sulsun. where she will t>e during the win
ter. The yachts will soon be stripped of
their canvas and some of them will eo
into the lagoon behind Tiburon. The Cyc
nu9 will be moored In Corte Ma.lera
Creek, and the yachts Rover and Siren
which have been chartered during the
season, will go back to their owners.
the sacks, but he cared not. Two Frisco
diamond scrapers were already under the
Bod, and Sullivan and Rube Levy were on
the third and second bags, respectively.
During this tnnlng the score had been
raised by FVisco from 2—5 to 4 — 5. The
situation was edgy, and it looked as if
Hank's cohorts would repeat their latter
day performances by purloining another
victory. "Sapho" would not rattle yes
terday, so he deliberately sent Heine,
who had his eye with him, to a base and
took his chances with Josh Reilly, who
was next up. Harper grabbed the future
by the forelock. Reilly sint the spheroid
heavenward in McGucken's direction.
When the ball descended "MacG." had
his mits lovingly around It. This made
three dead and the side retired; three men
left on the sacks and the game lost.
This eighth inning was the sauce of the
game. Brockhoff led with a hit, but he
was soon put out of the game when Hilde
brand forced him at second. Schwartz
followed with a hit, and on an error by
Johnson Pabst was put into the running,
all three bags being congested with run
ners. At this point Sullivan slammed a
hard grounder through Courtney to Mc-
Gucken, who acted in slippery style.
When the ball was returned to the dia
mond Hildebrand and Schwartz were
shaking hands on the rubber, while Pabst
was on third base. This Is where Levy's
advisers were et fault. Ancient Rube
bunted the ball just hard enough for his
own safety and the fearful loss oi Pabst's
life at the plate. Krug followed Rube
with the stick, the result of which has al
reauy been told.
In the fourth Jnning, when Pabst and
Levy were on the bags, Heine consider
ately swatted out a double, scoring h!s
fraternal friends. The fourth and the
eighth were Frisco's innings. Outside of
those spells their time was not for shln
lns.
The Millers did their fruitful work in th«»
third fifth and sixth inninps. In the third
"Sapho" walked to first, but finished his
bag-coursing on a triple from McCarthy's
bat. A wild throw of Relily'a to first.
when the outs were two, Rave McCarthy
a run. In the fifth inning McCarthv was
guilty of another three-bagger, and he
added another run to the !i?t on McGuek
on's hit. Later on McGuckcn scored on
McHale's PingJe. In the seventh McGuck
en scored again.
In the ninth inning, with two men re
tired, Hildebrand rolled out a two-bagger,
but Schwartz flew to Johnson, who saved
a possibly prolonged game. The score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. EH. SB. TO. A. E
McCarthy, lf 5 2 2 0 0 0 0
McGuckon, cf 5 2 2 1 3 o 1
Moore, 3b 4 0 1 0 1 l 0
Streib, lb 4 0 1 0 12 1 0
McHale. Zb. 4 0 3 2 5 4 1
Graham, c 2 0 0 0 3 3 0
Courtney, b. b 4 0 0 0 2 5 0
Johnson, rf 4 0 1 0 1 o 1
Harper, p 3 10 0 0 3 0
Totals 35 5 10 3 27 17 3
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Brockhoff, cf 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Hildebrand. rf 4 12 0 10 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 110 3 10
I'abst. lb 4 1 1 0 9 0 1
Sullivan, c 3 1 0 0 3 1 0
Levy, If 3 o 0 0 7 0 0
Knig. b. s 3 0 2 0 0 2 0
Rellly, 3b 3 0 1 0 3 2 1
Knell, p 4 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 31 4 9 0 27 8 2
Levy. If. 4 0 10 0 0 1
Krutr. a. ¦ 4 0 2 0 3 7 0
Kellly, 3b 4 1 1 2 1 3 1
Iburg. p 4 0 0 2 13 0
Totals 41 6 11 7 24-15 3
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, lf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
McOucken. cf 4 0 10 0 0 0
Moore. 3b 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
Stroib. lb 4 0 1 0 10 0 0
McHale, 2b 4 0 1 0 5 1 2
Graham, c 3,0 1 0 3 0 0
Babbitt, rf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Courtney, a. s 3 0 0 1 1 3 0
Johnson, v 3 0 0 0 12 0
Totals 32 0 4 1 17 8 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SUMMARY.
San Francisco 1 0 10.1030 0 — 6
Base hits 2 0 2 0 2 13 1 0—11
Stockton 0 0000000*— 0
Base hits 0 1110010*— 4
Runs responsible for — Johnson 3. Three-bas«
hit— KniK. Two-base hits — Pabst 2. Rellly.
Sacrifice hits— Streib, Babbitt. First base on
errors— San Francisco 1. First base on called
balls— San Francisco 8, Stockton 2. Left on
bases — San Francisco 9, Stockton 8. Struck out
— By Iburpr 3, by Johnson 3. Double plays —
Moore to Streib; Moore to Graham. Time of
game— 1:50. Umpire— Hugh Smith. Official
scorer— McFarlln.
BATTING REVELRY.
SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 14.-Sacramento
won another game from Oakland to-day.
Oakland brought Drennan In from center
field to play short and he lost the game
for his team, making four errors, which
were responsible for seven runs. Oakland
made a spectacular finish, batting out four
runs In the last half of the ninth, but the
lead of the locals was too great to be
overcome. Score:
AB. R. BH. Sa PO. A. E.
Devereaux. p 6 1 3 0 0 3 1
Slieehan, 3b 6 0 10 2 2 0
Stanley, c 5 12 0 2 0 0
KaKan, s. s 4 1 1 0 3 4 3
Doyle, r. f 4 0 1 0 I 0 0
Mclaughlin, 1. f 5 2 2 0 10 1
Hanlon; lb 5 3 2 1 11 0 0
Huphes. c. f 3 2 2 14 0 0
Stultz, 2b 4 110 2 10
Totals 42 11 13 2 »26 10 5
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Drpnrmn, s. s 6 0 2 0 13 4
Hutchinson, lb 6 1 0 0 13 1 0
Hardte. r. f 5 2 2 0 0 0 0
Arrellanes. 2b 5 1 1 0 4 3 0
Moskiman, p 5 1 2 0 2 7 0
Held. c. f 6 2 4 0 2 0 0
Lehman, c 4 0 0 0 110
Bowman, Lf 6 1 2 0 3 0 0
Kclley, 3b 5 2 2 0 12 0
Totals 46 10 15 0 27 17 4
•Arrellanes out for interfering with batted
ball.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNIXGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 2 13 4 0 1 — 11
Dase hits 1 0 13 2 3 3 1 1—15
Oakland 2 0 0 10 0 2 1 4—10
Base hits. 4 0 0 110 2a &-13
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Devereaux 7, Mosklman
4. Home runs— Devereaux, Hardle, Held.
Three-base hit— McLauphlin. Two-base hits—
Doyle. Stanley. Devereaux (2), Drennan. Sac
rifice hits — Hughes, Stultr. First base on
errors — Sacramento 4. Oakland 4. First base on
called balls— Sacramento 3. Oakland 2. I^eft on
bases— Sacramento 9, Oakland 11. Struck out—
Hy Devereaux 1, by Moskiman 1. Double play—
Mosklman to Arrellanes to Hutchinson. Time
of game— 2:10. Umpire — Blethen. Scorer — N'a
than.
GRANT SMITH WINS
HANDICAP "TOURNEY"
Semi-Finals and Finals Played on
the California Club
Courts.
The semi-finals and finals of the single
handicap tournament were finished yes
terday on the courts of the California
Club and Grant Smith carried off all the
honors and first prize. Three surprises
were furnished in the day's sport — Crow
ell's defeat of the champion, George
Whitney, Code's defeat of Grant Smith
and Smith's defeat of Crowell in a long
contest.
The lirst match In the seml-flnals was
between George Whitney and Crowell.
Whitney allov.-ed Crowell a handicap of
15 2-t). Crowell won, 6 — 2. 6 — 1. Whitney
was clearly oft his game, as ho had just
recovered from a severe illness. He put
balls out of the court and in the net also,
making short b<>bs, which Crowell killed.
Grant Smith gave J. A. Code 4-6 of 35
and b«*;it him C— 2. 6 — I. Smith won the
first set easily, but the second was hotly
contested.
Grant Smith and Crowell met in the
final.-? on oven term?. Crowell essayed a
load at the start, and In the first set had
Smith 5 — 2. But with a desperate brace
Smith pulled out the set 7—6. In the sec
ond set CroweU won easily, &— 1. In the
third pet Smith brnoed up and put up a
good Rame, winning 6 — 1. This gave Smith
a lead of two sets. In the fourth set
both were playing desperately, first Smith
in the lead, then Crowell. After having at
least five chances to win the set Crowell
finally did so, 10—8. In the fifth and de
ciding set Smith was the fresher and
played all a.^ind Crowell, winning easily,
6—3. Total fcore: 7—5, 1—6, fr-1, S— 10,
C-3.
BEAT WORLD'S RECORD
DT A BIFLE EVENT
2>. W. McLaughlin cf Golden Gate
Club Makes Phenomenal
Score.
In the eeml-mor.thly rifle phoot of tfie
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Cl-.ib at
Shell Mound ranges yesterday D. W.
S'cLaughlin tas.de the best ten-shot rec
ord ever shot In competition, his score
being ZZi' out of a possible Z&O. This was
accomplished in the contest for the Bu?h
aell trophy, the Individual shots being:
U. 23, 23. 25, 24. 23. 23. 23, 25. 24. In the
same event the scores were as follows:
V. W. Mc-Laughlin. 23V 211, TO, 2»; F. E.
Maton. ZX VA. 2T4. 221. St. _
Odd medal Phoot -F. E. Ma*on. 225; D. u.
JlcUughlln. 22i; C M. Henderson. 220. 2j..
205- J. l-\ Uri.ip«"«. 2f*. 211.
Silver medal— li. Hiakel. VSX. 1ST. 133, 201; B.
Jonas. 20J, 1?S. ISO.
First ciuss trt>r>hy-C. M. Henderson. .:j, 21
2**i. 223
*~Secon<l class tmrhy — G. Tammemcyfrs, SID;
C. I* Relmonychlnder, 202.
Pistol scores Golden Oat© Club, a'.l-oomers
— J. K. Gorman. bZ, S-2; M. J. White. ST.
First class trophy— O. M. Henderson. 74, CS;
J. F. Bridges, eilvor modal. 70. CT.
Revolver scores— J. E. Gorman. 86. Ss.
I>. B. Faktor also made a wonderful
tcoro in the monthly medal shoot of
the San Francisco Schuetzen Vcrein.
¦\Vith a rifle at '-<?* yards he succeeded in
tailying- •Ob In twenty consecutive shots.
which Is three points K-ss than the
world's rt-cord for the tame event. F.-ik
tor was unfortunate in scoring 17 in one
shot, and this lowered his score. The re
sult* of his efforts were: :3. 25. 23. 23.
V2, 25. 25, 25. 22. 23, 21, 22, 21, 17. 24, 24,
24, 24. 20. 2»— total &5. The scores of the
event are: g
Champion e!ass. T>. B. Falctor. OS: first class.
H. Stettin. 42.',; second class. J. Lmlifniu, SS3;
third cla^f=. \V. Miirken. S73; fourth cla-"=s. Ur.
F. II. Crar.z, 2C7; best fim *hot. J. Lankenau,
25; best last shot, D. B. Faktor, 25.
A number of other organizations held
medal and practice shoots. The Nord
deutcher Verein held a bullseye shoot,
but the measuring machine was out of
order, ar.d the Fcores could not be ascer
tained. Following are the results of tho
various shoots:
Company F, First Regiment, monthly me'lal
fhoot— Captain Nifpert, 40; Lieutenant Var-
W y, 25; Lieutenant Irving. 45; Serjeant Sur
ryhrie. SS; I*. Johnes. U; Corporal Cohn. 25; P.
jiuilcan. 2S: P. S^haw. 21; P. Dasher, £4; V.
Casoa. SS; P. Vanna, 1; P. Plmmons. 35; Cor
i-jra.1 Naltan. 42; C. Cleveland, SS; V. Mil
l&ce, 15.
Kn'.ghts of the V.r/i Pranch Rif.es in eeml
monthly practice Fhoot— Captain Murphy. 41;
Ca.ptaln Kllca.te. C. J. Collins. SI; P. J.
Kenny 31; J. J. Sullivan. 2«; M. J. Dolan. 2S;
J. H. Cretan, (|; p. J. Gaul, 23; J. It. Kelly.
24: Dan O'ConneH. 20.
Gennar.ia 8chu«-tz-?n Club monthly medal
Fhoot— First champion class, F. P. Fchu?ter.
2»: second champion class. H. Huber, 213;
f.rst class, J. F. Brilges. 203; second class, J.
D. Hclse. T20; third clas?. R. Heino. 196; best
flrrt ehot, J. D. Ueise, 2j; best last shot. D.
E&lfield. 23.
IndeDendcnt Rifles' monthly medaJ shoot —
Berreant J. Heinbockel, 10; H. Keinhardt. 35;
C. Schneider, SS: Dr. W. A. Mcicr.Jierks, 4); II.
Melsncr Jr.. 2; H. Sehliehtmann. 30: C Frf-d<>r-
Ickson. S«; J. Ekowran, Tl: G. Kc-llenberper. 36:
P. Stadmann, T.\ II. Kuhlke. W: J. Schlicht
mann. 14; C. F. Sharer. T>: A. Dietrich, 35; G.
WorthlnjEton, IS; C. Llndecker, 24; C. An
irfK-s, 43.
The »»""»" and Russian hath athletes
of tlie Oljropio Club have returned to life
after a four months' hibernation. During
that period of time they took on adi
pose, several tons In the aggregate, all of
lvfclch they will cast oft by a process of
quiet, perspirational labor in the new
baths at the Olympic Club.
The formal cpening of the new bath
eyotem was held yesterday morning. On
Saturday evening a few of those who
could \raJt no longer gave an Introduc
tory art. just to try the apparatus. The
•word rpread and early the next day the
entire band of "hot-air" athletes was on
ha«d In "nature's fitting costume," ready
for their course of training.
And nothing like those baths have ever
been built in the West. With their tiling
end marble they recall pictures of the por
f*ct bathing systems of the ancients.
Over four months of time and (21.000
h&ve been expended in making the baths
at the Olympic Club all that any ablu
tlor.aJ lover could fancy in his drt-ams.
Not to miss any of the conveniences and
facilities offered, the "hot air" exercisers
tried every kind of bath yesterday.
Fred Butz led the revelers. In order to
make up time that was lost ho took no
less than four baths, going the full round
such time. Hutz haa twenty or lifty sur
plus flesh pounds, for which he I'et'ls no
particular affection. "1 guess the*e v.re
bad." was all the grand-jury man -was
heard to pay as he walked Into the hot-air
room, tapping the marble and playing
with the showers. Tom Walsh wanted to
know If cleanliness wasn't brought a
point or two nearer godliness, and this
whole business wasn't a section of heav
en's bath house. Harry V. Ramsdell, a
director of the club, couldn't say a word.
He was lost in rapt admiration and fell
asleep In the steamroom. After being par
lvMled and nearly ablaze with heat. Chief
Sullivan— the fireman— played the cold salt
water spray on the director and saved hia
life. Then the crowd looked for Johnny
Hammersmith, who talked so much about
the baths while they were In process of
construction that his Idends say he has
really grown an orator's vocabulary and
the speech of the eloquent. They did not
find him. so he wns fined by the H. A. A.
O. C which mrans Hot Air Annex, Olym
pic Club. This organization passed an or
dinance yesterday that all the ancient
members must try the baths before 11
o'clock this evening.
An order has gone out that all political
discussions should be barred from the
meetings of tlx» H. A. A. O. C. This Is
done out of self-protection, as a dozen or
more candidates of jarring parties are
mpmbers of the organization. What the
new annex wants is complete harmony.
In the near future the Olympic Club will
hold a public reception for a general in
spection of the baths. The H. A. A. O. C.
will be in full attendance, but not in work
ing clothca.
At Union Park yesterday In a close and
exciting course D. Toland's clever sprinter
Pleasant Girl won the deciding run of the
big 112-dog open stake from J. H. Perigo s
old campaigner Controller. Up to the
fifth round the winner had comparatively
easy cours.'ng and beat her opponents
quite handily. Against Silver Wings In
the sixth, however, she had a narrow es
cape from defeat. Silver Wings led and
took the turn. She pressed the hare
closely, but In making a drive she missed
and gave her opponent a chance to get in.
Before she could recover Pleasant Girl
had scored the kill after securing three
turns.
In the final Controller was a decided fa
vorlte, the talent offering 5 to 2 on his
chances. Toland's hound had a good fol
lowing, and In consequence a strong p'av
was made on the result. The Girl led.
but In a mixup Controller held a slight
advantage on clever work, the score fig
uring six to five In his favor, when the
Girl got the kill and won the stake by a
single point.
Master Claire performed well and
reached the sixth round, where he was
beaten pointless by the runner-up.
In the third round Liberator gained the
applause of the crowd by a clever kill.
Rusty Gold, favorite at 5 to 3, was his
opponent, and together they closed in on
the game. In an effort to escape from Its
pursuers the har*» leaped high in the air.
and Liberator, following suit, sprang for
It and caught it on the jump, scoring th?
kill.
The short ends made a good showing
and averaged at better than fair odds. In
the second round Master Rocket led Ka
naka and won at 1 to 1: Lowlander. a'J
to 1 favorite, led Moonbright. but was
outworked. Liberator led Sleety Mist by
three lengths and won at 3 to 1. St. Helen
beat Ca?h, who led but was outworked,
at 5 to 3. Beer Brewer, after being led,
outworked Sliver Cloud at 2 to 1. as did
Tyrone Prince to Auckland at the same
odds. Random Aim in a closft race beat
McKinley at 3 to 1. Forest Queen led and
beat Lorina at 2 to 1.
In the third round Rest Assured led and
beat Miss Skyrocket. Sollicking Airs out
worked Wild Xorah after an undecided
and Veto eutworketl Olita. all at 3 to 1.
Echo beat Beer Brewer at 5 to 4. Iowa
Boy outworked Tyrone Prince at 2 to 1.
Favorites won every course in the fourth,
fifth and sixth rounds.
The stake resulted In good coursing
throughout and was witnessed by a large
crowd.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Oren stake, second round— J. II. Perlso's Con
troller a bye: Pasha Kennels' May H«mpstea1
beat TV. J. Prownins'9 Mountain Belle. 13-8;
Geonre Pharman's Mi5» Skyrocket boat P. Rell
ly's Master Mat. 3-2: Pasha Kennels' Re*t As
sured a bye; H. A. Deckelman's Master Rocket
beat A. Buker'? Kanaka, 5-3; P. J. Reilly's
MoonbriKht beat A. Johnson's Lowlander, 10-7:
Pasha Kenn»ls' Rollicking: Airs beat Curtis &
Sons' Kit-osh 4-1: C Bonar's Wild N'orah beat
James Dean's Gallant. 3-1; P. PtelnhoH's Veto
a bye; Jsterl & Knowlr?' Olita beat Lande &
Gerber's Mount Ida, 5-4: P. Doyle's Liberator
beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist. 6-3; Sterl
& Knowles* Tlusty Gol'l bent 3. TnStfn O't
Glory. 5-0; Curtis & Sons' Echo beat C. Onm
Martha Washington.. 5-1; L. F. Hartal? 1 !:¦
Brewer beat C. O. Petersor/s Silver Cloud,
5-3; Curtis & Son's Cash beat Connell Vrom •
St. Helen. 1J-T: J. Carroll's Master Clalr a bye;
J. Dicknon's Lady Hes* beat E>. E. WUey*a
Ruck. 10-6; A. Johnson"* RaU1 E«to b«al J.
U. stillweii's Qnmtatta, io-5: E. M. Kpi:-i.- r i
Iorra Roy beat Chlarinl Hroa." Uuneo P.!!!. 4 :¦.
J. P. Thrift's Tvrore Prince beat J. Carroll' a
Auckland. 7-6; '.V. C Olas^on's Santonin bo: t -.
Pasha Kennels' Hound About, 5-4: Erwtn A
Lyons' Silver \Vln~a beat Lamto & <Ier! ¦• r s
Concord. 5-4; James Dean's Conn-^:r.;ira beat
Curtis & Sons' Sha<lo-»-, 10-S: Pasha Keoneb
Ran<l-^n Aim beat rv.r-ls & Sons' itcKtalay,
9-7; I>. Toland's Plea«ant Girl b«at ':e,r<-
Parkinson's H^n Lomoml. 14-3; L. F. Barttl*'
Hanner ISrljrM beat E. Doutrherty's Hartfor!
Lass. 15-5; James Sh»rldan'« Forest Qu«-en bent
K. Jor.es' I.orlna. 4-2. Connell Bros.' ilamio
Pleasant a bve.
Third round— Controller t-cat Mar Hempstoal,
4-3; Rest Assured beat ICm Skyrocket, 3-.°.;
Martyr r.ocktt b»at Monnbright. 12-'.; Rolttck
lng- Alra beat Wild Norah. Z-?.; Veto t»at Olita.
9-7; Liberator beat Rmty Oolrt. 6-3: Erho b-at
Heer Brewer, i-0; Master C'.alr r>«»ftt Cash, 7-1;
Dald Eagle boat Lady Hoss 13-6; Iowa Roy
beat Tyrone Prlr.ce. 10-8: Silver Wlnscs beat
Santonin. 4-2; Random Aim beat fnnneman.
8-8; Pleasant Girl beat Banner Brisht. 4-i>;
Forest Queen beat Mamie Peasant, 1S-4.
Fourth round— Controller boat Rnt Assured.
5-"- Rollicking Airs beat Matter Rocket, 12-<5:
Liberator beat Veto. S-4: Master flair beat
Kch* 5-f>: Iowa Boy beat EaM Fa^le, lfi-10;
Silver Wings a bye; Pleasant Girl b?at Fortst
Quern, 13-4.
Fifth round— Controller beat rto'.lJeklngr Airs.
!»-4- Master Clalr b*>at Liberator. 12-4; Silver
Wings beat Iowa Eoy. S-2; Pleasant Girl a
bye.
Sixth round— Controller bent Ulster Clalr.
4-0: Pleasant Girl beat Silver Wteja S-2.
Deciding course— Pleasant Girl b' it Control
ler. 7-4.
HARES ESCAPE FROM CAGES.
Stockton Park Reopens and '-Jacks''
Stop Sport by Decamping
STOCKTON. Oct. 14.— The reorganized
Pacific Coursing Club resumed It3 Sun
day meets at Goodwater Grove to-day.
The Initial meeting wa3 very encourv
\r.g. both In point of attendance, entrt-M
and betting. The run-down was as fol
lows:
Teddy Chief beat Ironword; Sweet Fjvorfs!*
bf&t Arion; Nonpareil beat Tip: Joker beat
Mickey Dupan: Forgive beat Rollaway: So!M
Silver beat Trip Out: RIeht Arm b»at P'.nk r,f
Fashion: Tansy Pasha b^at Mountain Ch!»f;
St Orin beat Glen Roy: Hart! Oame beat Ma
rr.le T: Shootover beat Mia* Bkjrtal); Bourd'nj
E*>ile beat Rough Rider: Tony Gold beat Wild
La«sie; Cash I>ay beat Tom Spat; Cascade beat
Black Chief: Modesty beat Arno.
Second round— Sweet Favr>r»la!e beat TMdy
ChleT: Joker beat Nonpareil: SWirt Silver beat
Forgive; Rlsht Arm beat Pansy Pasha: Bt.
Orin beat Hartl Game: Shcotover heat Bound'
Ing Belle; Tony Gold beat Cash Day; M^K-sty
b*at Cascade.
Third round— Sweet Favordal* b?at Jck<r:
fVvlld Silver bent Right Arm: «t. Orin bee;
Shnotover; Moderty beat Tony OnM.
Fourth mun<*,— Solid Silver withdrawn. Sweet
Favordale a bye.
At this point the> hares gnt cut of th°ir
coops, puttir.fr »n end to the sport. Th<»
doga left to compete for the final honor*
next Sunday are Modesty, St. Orin aiul
Sweet Favordale.
SAPHO" HARPER, with malice
aforethought, deliberately threw
four noisily telegraphed out
curves to Heine Krug In the
eighth Inning and sent him to the
first bag. It was the gift of a Greek.
Behind this Intentional act of Mr. Har
per's was all the subtle wisdom gathered
and cultivated during the tlast twenty
years on as many baseball fields.
By bo doing the Stockton twirler filled
Sacramento Wans
Second Game
From Oodles.
Stocktons Take
a Close Game
From Frisco.
got, and none of them more than sin
gleS.
The game was slow and more or less
uninteresting on account of the absolute
discrepancy in the score. The result:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, cf. 6 0 110 0 0
Hildebrand. rf 5 0 10 10 0
Schwartz, 2b 5 1 1 0 4 1 0
Pabst. lb 5 2 3 0 11 0 1
Sullivan, c 5 2 1 2 3 1,0
Magnificent System of Baths For
mally Opened by the Enemies
of Fat.
HOT-AIR OLYMPIC CLUB
ATHLETES AT WORK
LOCALS FALL MANY POINTS
BEHIND IN THE STRUGGLE FOR
LEAGUE BASEBALL CHAMPIONSHIP
By Scoring the Kill She Beats Con
trpHer Jby One PoJiat in Me
Umom Park Slake.
FAST PLEASANT GIRL
WINS A CLOSE FINAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, lyUO.
EQHBBIH?
when a minus »i B n (-? Zr J« ih' .«¦*«:*
SNAPSHOTS OF THE GAME
BETWEEN SAN FRANCISCO
AND STOCKTON.
Boys.
6
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Geo. W. Elder. .[Portland
Willamette .... Seattle.....
Progreso ¦". Tacoma......:
Crescent City... Crescent Clty..T
North Fork' Humboldt
Bureka Humboldt
Del Norte Portland
Oct. 15
Oct. 15
Oct. 13
Oct. 15
Oct. 15
Oct. 16
Oct. 15
City of Peking China and Japan <vt 18
Coos Bay Newport Oct" i«
State California Portland '" net A
Tltanla Nanalmo "" <w' 17
Point Arena ... Point Arena ¦ r>ct la
Corona San Diego "" r>ct" l?
Mlneola Tacoma XcJ' l*
Pomona Humboldt " oc»' is
Rival Willapa QcJ- J|
W. H. Kruser.. San Pedro "' oct \l
Umatllla Victoria rw' ]l
Alameda Australia ~ oct 19
Peru Xew York o^r J,?
Bonlta Newport ..Z U
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
l.Pler.
Czarina ...[Seattle Oct. 15, 5 pm Pier 13
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 15, 10 am Pier 13
Pomona ... Humi-oldt Oct. 15. 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 15. 11 am Pier A
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 15. 2 pm Pier 3
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 1«. ji am Pier 11
Alliance ... Portland Oct. 16. 9 am Pier "0
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor Oct. 17. 5 pm Per 2
Arcata .... Coos Bay Oct. 17. 12 m Pier 13
Amer Maru China & Japan Oct. 17. l n m PMS=»
Queen Honolulu Oct. 17. 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 18. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 1? 10 aS Pier U
North Fork Humboldt Oct. IS. 9 am Pier 2
Walla W... Victoria Oct. IS 11 ain Pier 9
City Para.. KewTork Oct. IS 12 m PMSq
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 20 11 am P?er%
Corona ... San DIpro Oct. 2* 11 1™ P u
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Oct. 20
Sun rises
Sun sets '.*.*.'.".'.
Moon rises, third cuarter .."""""it"-"
S
i:
m
C TUne Time Time Tte^
-LJiLZLl ii_21* _ ii_^ ri^i
15 ...[ «":0« 4.5 H:ll •.» 4 47 ~TZ< .....
15::: f^ !:? ggg m|
» ... Z:S3 l.R| 9:*) 54 j.^-, j •••»'.
«... 3:25 1.8| 9:57| iAjZu l.%[^
ill
0.4
4.4
4.1
! 4.".
I 4.1
1 i.i
City of Peking China and Japan <vt 18
Coos Bay Newport Oct" i«
State California Portland '" net A
Tltanla Nanalmo "" <w' 17
Point Arena ... Point Arena ¦ r>ct la
Corona San Diego "" r>ct" l?
Mlneola Tacoma XcJ' l*
Pomona Humboldt " oc»' is
Rival Willapa QcJ- J|
W. H. Kruser.. San Pedro "' oct \l
Umatllla Victoria rw' ]l
Alameda Australia ~ oct 19
Peru Xew York o^r J,?
Bonlta Newport ..Z U
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Geo. W. Elder. .[Portland
Willamette .... Seattle.....
Progreso ¦". Tacoma......:
Crescent City... Crescent Clty..T
North Fork' Humboldt
Bureka Humboldt
Del Norte Portland
Oct. 15
Oct. 15
Oct. 13
Oct. 15
Oct. 15
Oct. 16
Oct. 15
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
l.Pler.
Czarina ...[Seattle Oct. 15, 5 pm Pier 13
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 15, 10 am Pier 13
Pomona ... Humi-oldt Oct. 15. 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 15. 11 am Pier A
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 15. 2 pm Pier 3
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 1«. ji am Pier 11
Alliance ... Portland Oct. 16. 9 am Pier "0
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor Oct. 17. 5 pm Per 2
Arcata .... Coos Bay Oct. 17. 12 m Pier 13
Amer Maru China & Japan Oct. 17. l n m PMS=»
Queen Honolulu Oct. 17. 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 18. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 1? 10 aS Pier U
North Fork Humboldt Oct. IS. 9 am Pier 2
Walla W... Victoria Oct. IS 11 ain Pier 9
City Para.. KewTork Oct. IS 12 m PMSq
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 20 11 am P?er%
Corona ... San DIpro Oct. 2* 11 1™ P u
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Oct. 20
Sun rises
Sun sets '.*.*.'.".'.
Moon rises, third cuarter .."""""it"-"
S
i:
m
C TUne Time Time Tte^
-LJiLZLl ii_21* _ ii_^ ri^i
15 ...[ «":0« 4.5 H:ll •.» 4 47 ~TZ< .....
15::: f^ !:? ggg m|
» ... Z:S3 l.R| 9:*) 54 j.^-, j •••»'.
«... 3:25 1.8| 9:57| iAjZu l.%[^
ill
0.4
4.4
4.1
! 4.".
I 4.1
1 i.iMILITARY , MUSICIANS AT
THEIR ANNUAL SPREAD EN
JOY THEMSELVES.
Keeping Tab on Other Navies.
The collection of photographs from Ufa
of foreign naval vessels in the possession
i of the Office of Xaval Intelligence is prob
ably not excelled by any similar collec.on
I In the world. Thr^-igh our naval repre
; sentatives abroad • Us department has
; been steadily gathering information in
; this form for many /cars past and it is
not too much to say that with the infor
mation In store here the Navy Deparl
i rnent can Inform itself at once of the ex
! act force of any nation at any designated
point of the globe. This information re
lates to personnel and material and is in
the main exact and official.— Army and
Navy Journal.
It would have fared belter with Miss
Donnelly, perhaps?, if 'she had r.ot been
a bit careless about the return of a wheel
ehe had previously rented from. Solomon
son's cyclery at Twelfth and Franklin
streets. That was found in a basement
near where Mulier met her. It was dam
aged and the girl offered the explanation
tnat she had put it away for safe keep
ing because she wanted it to be repaired
before sending H back to the cyclcry-
Miss Donnelly had a little difficulty with
the Alameda police, which resulted in her
spending some days at the Alameda Coun
ty Jail. But ehe declares the police blun
dered in this case, and It Is left now for
Mulier to settle; Solomonson is satisfied.
programme and sat down.
Those who took part In the banquet
were:'
L«-ad?r. William McBain: drum major. A. D.
tVhltlock: clartone;?. H. Leb^r, N*. Rraun. J.
H. McCall and O. P. Deval; trombones. E.
Carash. R. Carash. L. Mllner. J. Laughland
and A. McBain; altos. F\ Abbott. H. Moore
and F. Biznaml; bass, F. Adlmi: cornets, E.
Webb. William Gooch and C. Kern: snare
drum. J. Stewart; bass drum, T. Flannisan.
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.-The famous
Fifth Regiment band gave its an
nual banquet last evening to the
members of the organization and
a few friends. The band belongs
to the headquarters of the Fifth Regi
ment, and has taken part in many a hard
fought campaign on Tripe Hill. Santa
Cruz. Last evening the members gath
ered together to fight the old battles over
again and cheer each other with song,
story and a few of the good things of life.
J. H. MeCall acted as toastmaster.
usurping the prerogatives of Drum Major
A. D. Whitlock and Leader William Mc-
Bain. He kept the banquet up to high C,
and on occasions up to G in merriment.
Everybody made a speech, from the man
who swung the baton to the man who did
the fancy touches on the snare drum. But
it was Frank Bigriami who drew the prize
of the evening. Mr. Bignami plays the
alto in the band, and when It came his
occasion to make a few remarks there
wa.s presented to him by Mr. McCall on
bfbalf of the entire band a. horn, upon
which he was requested to sound a few
swret notes. Mr. Bignami blushed and
looked pleased and bashful, and finally
consented and took the horn out of its
case. It was only tin, and Mr. Bignami
said a few things that were not on tho
Monarchs, like other mortals, frequently
favor various pieces of jewelry. Emperor
William invariably wears a tiny bracelet
hidden by his cuff. The Czar "has a re
peater worth 4000 rubles, of which he is
very fond. The youthful Queen Wilhelm
lna dislikes Jewels and restricts herself to
a solitary diamond in each ear. Marie
Christine of Spain charges her rings five
or six times a day, possepsini; as she does
no fewer than 270. The late King Hum
bert always wore a scapulary chain of
platinum. King Leopold of Belgium de
lights in a collection of ancient timepieces,
one of the most valuable being a master
piece which belonged to Marie Antoinette.
The Sultan encases himself in a chain
shirt of po!d and silver, while his hands
p.re covered with rings of all shapes Tha
Pope, in spite of his old ago, is still very
proud of his beautiful hands, sind adorn*!
his left hand by a solitary sapphire.— Ntw
York Mall and Express.
Monarchs' Favorite Jewels.
The Alabama Minstrels play Monday
and Tuesday evenings at the Macdonough
Theater.
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.— "The Streets of
New York." an ojd-time melodrama with
a large cast and new scenery, is the bill
for the week at the Dewey Opera-house.
At the Theaters.
The young people belonging to the lllz
pah Society of the First Methodist Church
gave a reception last Thursday evening
to their newly-elected officers, who were
installed during the evening. The parlors
of the church where the reception
was held were elaborately decorated
with flags, palms and tho color.-*
of the society, crimson and black. The
The Wednesday Afternoon Whist Club
was entertained last week by Mrs. E. H.
Crawford of Telegraoh avenue. Prizes
were won by Mrs. Mortimer Smith and
Mrs. F. F. Connor. The members pres
ent were: Mr3. Judge Mortimer Smith,
Mrs L. F. Van de Mark. Mrs. F. F. Con
nor. Mrs. D. D- Griffiths, Mrs. F. G.
Jacobus, Mrs. V. C. Bowen. Mrs. Walter
Scribner. Mrs. J. D. Ferguson. Mrs. A
Egan, Mrs. J. W. Uraphred. Mrs. G. Per
kins and Mrs. E. H. Crawford.
A dinner was given last Sunday even
ing by Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Bedell in
honor of the encasement of their only
daughter. Miss Marion Pearl Bedell.
Mrs. J. W. Brooks will entertain a din
ner party of twelve next Wednesday
evening at her home on Twentieth street.
The "at home" given last Thursday by
Mrs. Egbert B. Stcne was one of the
notable events cf the week. The recep
tion was complimentary to Mr. and Mrs.
A. L. Stone. The ladic-s who assisted the
hostess wer>»: Mrs. James G. Allen. Mrs.
Frederick Hathaway. Mr?. N. A. Acker.
Mrs Horry Meek. Mrs. Will Meek. Mrs.
H E. Wise. Mrs. J. K. Farrell. Mrs. W.
G. Lowry. Mrs. George W. McNear Jr..
Mrs. A. S. Macdonald. Mrs. Albert Sut
tcn, Mrs. Arthur Crellln. Mrs. A. Ger
berding. Mrs. George King and Mrs. Rob
ert Kr.!gnt.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— Mr?. E. L. Dow.
Linda Vista terrace, entertained a few
friends at a card party la«t Tuesday
evening. The prizes were won by Mrs.
Haywards G. Thomas and Mrs. Poston.
The guests were: Mrs. W. W. Morrison.
Mrs. Wickham Havens, Mrs. Edward
Ensrs, Mrs. Howard Bray. Mrs. H. G.
Thomas. Mrs. T. C. Co'-eran, Mrs. Fred
erick Funston. Mrs. Phil Cullen. Miss
Bates, Mrs. YV. C. Beatt'.e, Mrs. Georgo
Flint. Mrs. E. J. Cotton, Mrs. George
Kelley, Mrs. E. M. Walsh. Mrs. D. L.
Poston.
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.— Articles of incor
poration have been filed with the County
Clerk by ihe Hotchkiss Company, the pur
pose of which is to operate the Hotchkiss
process of extracting metals from ores.
Of the capital stock of $50,0(10 ihe following
directors have subscribed S25: K. L.
Hotchkiss, I. H. Clay. A. G. Stephens, H.
I. Clinton. H. A. Moser.
To Work on Precious Ores.
Mrs. J. Walter Scott will give- a tea next
Thursday afternoon to aid the East Oak
land Free Kindergarten. Mrs. Scott will
be assisted in receiving 1 by Mesdamea
Schultz. Conklin. R. C. Craft and Walter
Brewster and Misses Montanya, Beazell,
.Williams asd Pierce,
A tea will be given at the residence of
Mrs. H. E. Wise on Linden street on tha
afternoon of Tuesday. October 20, fdr the
benefit of the philanthroplcal department
of tee Oakland Club.
A lecture by Rev. William Hader of San
Francisco will be given Friday evening.
October 13. for the benefit of the North
Oakland Kindergarten, in the First Con
gregational Church, where Mr. Putder waa
formerly pastor. The subject of Mr. Ra
der's talk ¦will be "Rambles in Europe,"
and as he is an able speaker, the evening
promises to be an interesting one. A
short musical programme will precede th*
lecture, in which Mrs. Frederick Stratton.
Miss Helen Hagar and Charles P. Par
cells will take part. The board of direc
tors of the North Oakland Kindergar
ten, of which Misa Laura Christiansen Is
principal, are Mrs. C B. Parcella. pres
ident; Mrs. J. T. Ajrard. treasurer: Mrs.
J. E. Thayer, secretary; Mrs. Warren Ol
ney Jr.. Mrs. M. Allison, Mrs. B. B. Claw
son and Miss Alice McChesney.
decorating was done under the direction
cf Rev. Paul M. Spencer, who also pre
pared the excellent musical programma
that was rendered as follows: Violin solo.
Mii>s Bessie Kir.gort: barytone selection.
P. J. Oksan: mandolin duet, C Peteraea
v.rA John Willir.ms: duer. Miss Annie Bau
man and Mrs. Sophie Mothersole: choral
song by Glee Club. Mrs. A. Baunun is
leaner and director cf the Glee Club,
which is composed of the following named
members: Mrs. S. Mothersole. Miss M.
McCutcheon. Miss S. McCutchecn, Miss
A. Bauman, Miss Hanson, Miss J. Koe
nlg. E. Liddell, E. Thomson, P. J. Oksan
and J. Fraser. Rev. Dr. Dille was present
and addressed the outsoing- and incoming
officers. One of the rooms had been fitted
up a3 an art gallery with comic repre
sentations of celebrated paintings. The
new officers of the society are: C. Beattle,
president: Bessie Lancaster, vice presi
dent; Nettie Dnwr.ine. secretary ; Klbert
Liddell. treasurer: Mi?3 Maud Hlney.
chorister: Miss Vivienne Clark, delegate
to county union. Rev. Paul M. Spencer is
director of the Mizpah Society.
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.-A bicycle ride
'two mysterious disappearances of
arbeels and the blunder of a po-
Uceznui caused no end of trouble
to-day for Lillian Donnelly, a pe-
K! young wc f an t of^-JJ
5°SS5iSl^S^S Mulier. who
buried in the City Prison is *
that or.ly complicates the fituat on in
found the- cycles in a doorway near -"«'
ler's place. The patrolman reported h.s
find and tent the machines to the City
Prison. The day prison watch was noti
«»-d but seemed to forget about it and
until the watch changed to-night again
The situation wmii still in a tangle. The
dav police in the absence of a clew to
the n-7i«lr.g machines, the presence of the
wbctls"" "in the prison not being etrong
Smito for an Oakland policeman, decided
tbWt the voxir.g woman had embezzled
t^rk MulHr told hit troubles to the po
l<ce rrd then went in search cf his wheels.
At Sever.th and Clay streets this noon
he espied Mis:s Donnelly. There was a
we took the bicycles back last
r'eht and left them in a rack at 7 o'clock
in front of your store." Insisted Miss Don
cau-e I didn't doe- up until 8 "clock
er.d I was waiting for those wheels that
J:< Tte wa* that Policeman Hen
derson Vas summoned and he settled Uie
dispute temporarily, at least, by arrest
ing the young woman upon Mulier s de-
Carelessness or Oakland Oirl K.estilts in
Her Arrest "by the Folice.
LILLIAN DONNELLY IS ACCUSED
OF EMBEZZLING TWO WHEELS
IN THE REALM OF SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.-The funeral of the
late Joshua Tevis, brother of the late
Lloyd Tevis, and a pioneer attorney, was
held privately to-day from his late resi
dence, 1251 East Fourteenth street. Only
members of the family were present. The
ser%'iee of the Episcopal Church was con
ducted by the Rev. William Carson Shaw,
rector of the Church of the Advent. Tho
interment was in Mountain View Ceme
tery.
Funeral of Joshua Tevis.
OeleTora/t,© "Witli Song and Story and
Flay a Jo3s.e on Frank. Bignami.
BAND HEROES OF TRIPE HILL
HOLD THEIR ANNUAL BANQUET
gregational Church.
Rev E B. Bradley of Lorin preached
to-day at the Fourth Congregational
Church.
"Distinctive Doctrines of Methodism-
Entire Sanctification." was the subject of
a discourse to-day by Rev. A. T. Need
ham, pastor of the Eighth-avenue Metho
dist Church.
Rev. Dwight E. Potter, pastor of Union
street Presbyterian Church, continued his
series of talks to workir^men in a dis
course this evening, upon "The Mistakes
of Men in Relation to the Church."
Rev. Otis A. Smith. P.D.. who accepted
an invitation to preach "on trial." occu
pied the pulpit to-day at the First Pres
bvterian Church; the subjects of his dis-
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills preached his
first anniversary sermon to-day at the
First Unitarian Church.
courses were: Morning, "Children of
God"; evening. "Chivalry of Christian
Service."
Rev. W. W. Logan, moderator of the
United Presbyterian Synod of California,
preached to-day at the First United Pres
byterian Church.
Bishop J. W. Hamilton will preach next
Funday at the First Methodist Church,
when it is expected he will announce the
appointment of a successor to the late
Rev. Robert BenQey as presiding eider of
this district. -¦ .¦'.,.
Rev. F. M. Pri<"e. a missionary- of Mi
cronesia, delivered "addresses to-day at
Pi't-rim Congregational Church and at
Market-street Congregational Church.
uwm work in the islands.
Rov R. B. Cherington of Kenwood to
dav occupied the pulpit of Fruitvalc Con-
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.— Rev. Charles R.
p, : f,»-r. has commerced the fifth year of
his pastorate at the First Congregational
<"hureh. During his first four yean there
vrero SSS accessions to the membership.
Preachers Upon Subjects of
Religious Teaching.
Conere srations Listen to the Words of
PULPIT THEMES AND
PASTOBAL CHANGES
"Did you, really?"
"Yes. I just heard a man who is the
same age as my«elf referred to as 'old.' "
—Philadelphia Press.
"What makes you look so gloomy?"
"I just had an awful shock."
LIVERMORE. Oct. 14.— Mrs. A. G.
Young of Altamont had a narrow escape
from death from the bite of a tarantula
a few tiays ago and was only saved by a
furious ride to Livermore and tbe natural
inclination to thrusting a wounded finger
into the mouth.
Mrs. Young needed a few light chips in
crder to get the fire well started a few
days ago and went to the woodpile to
gather some. While so engaged she felt
a sharp stlr.g on the end of her finger.
With a sharp cry Mr?. Young put the
finger Into her mouth in order to soothe
the pain. It is to this fact that she prob
ably owfs her life.
Mrs. Young was a little curious as to
what had caused the pain. and. taking, a
small stick, she began a search in the
pile of chips and wood. It took hut a few
moments to dig out a tarantula, bristling
with anger and ready for another attack
for the intrusion upon his habitation.
With a proper regard for the poisonous
quality of the bite of a tarantula Mrs.
Young summoned her husband, and they
hastily harnessed a horse and drove rap
idly for Livermore. some miles away. By
the time Mrs. Young arrived in Livermore
her arm had swollen to twice its natural
fizr, and she was suffering great pain.
She at once applied for medical aid, and
after several days' treatment was report
ed out of danger. It is believed that Mrs.
Young extracted much of the poison from
tho wound when she put the finger to her
mouth immediately after the sting of the
insect. The tarantula was captured and
is now preserved in a bottle in the Young
residence.
Mrs. A, G. Younc of Altamont Receives Virus of the Vicious Spider in Her
Firmer and Hastily Drives to Livgrmore, Where Doctor Saves Her Life,
WHILE GATHERING CHIPS A HOUSEWIFE
IS BITTEN BY 0 RESENTFUL TARANTULA
The Czar's home life is simple, says the
Golden Penny Magazine. He likes plain
food at dinner and he seldom has many
guests at his table. He eats quickly,
"like all men who are accustomed to
work a good deal." and he drinks very
little wine. He drives about In a small
two-horse carriage and he wears a uni
form almost always, for he does not like
civilian attire. Indeeu. it is said that he
had no frock coat until he visited Paris
a few years ago, and that the court
tailor, who was only accustomed to mak
ing his uniforms, was in despair because
he knew that his imperial master would
be obliged to wear civilian's attire in the
¦Parisian ceremonies. Being a man of re
sources, however, he went hastily to
Paris to study the latest fashion in men's
dress and he finally purchased a suit for
700 rubles. Thi« suit the Czar wore during
the festivities in Paris and the story goes
that he felt %'cry uncomfortable In it.
The Czar's Simple Life.
SWEET SINGER AND A YOUNG PIANO-PLAYER WHO HAVE VOLUN
TEERED THEIR SERVICES IN AID OF GALVESTOX SUFFERERS
AND WHO WILL. BE HEARD AT EASTERN STAR BENEFIT.
'cglekl course at Knoxville. Tenn. Before
h<- atT&ined his majority the gifted voung
preacher was given the pastorate of a
Christian church at Vancouver. Wash.
lio developed rapidly, and at 20 years of
age became a campaign orator. He has
h»;d pastorates at Oorvallis ar.d at Me-
Mir.nville. Or., ?nd has traveled extensive
lv on lecture t^urs.
* Rev. Frank Powell is married and has
two children. His family is now en route
to Oakland, where he will make his per
manent home.
Then the die was cast and the youthful
expounder of the gospel decided to make
the ministry his life's work. He studied
at th'- Christian Church College at Port
land. Or., and later completed a theo-
r-AKLAND. Oct. 14.— Rev. Frank Abram
Powell, vrho rtegan to preach the gospel
when he was 15 years old. has aeepted a
<*'.! as pastor of the First Christian
Church of this city, beginning his per
rrsr.rrt pastorate to-day. The new preach
er has been In the ministry for twelve
y(ars. nnd he comes to Oakland accred
ited with a reputation as a gifted orator.
H:p boyhood days were spent at Gai^s
Cre*k, Or. At th» ajre of 15 years h<»
foteed the Christian church, and a year
later astounded the people by delivering
a F'rrr.on. For three-rjuarters of an hour
b« beld his congregation with remarkable
The Bcv. Frank Abram Powell Ac
cepts Call From First Christian
Church.
EEGAN PREACHING WHEN
SIXTEEN YEARS OLD
Evidently the smooth and obliging prsss
agent isn't appreciated by Franz Josef of
Austria, says the Boston Herald. It is
related that the venerable Emperor re
cently spoke at a political dinner. Ac
cording to his wont, he said a very few
words, and these were poorly expressed,
as he is not a good speaker. Next morn
ing the Emperor, on looking over the
ppper, noticed that "his Majesty had
mad© a most impressive and important
speech." and in flowery language followed
the Jiddress he was supposed to have de
livered. The Emperor, turning to one of
his attendants, at-ked. "What does this
mean?" "Sire." replied the attendant sol
emrily, "that is th*> f-peeoh it pleased your
Majesty to deliver last night." "The
speech I delivered!'' returned the Em
peror. "Kindly go to the axa who wrote
this and tell him that I may be an Em
peror, but I am not an orator!"
Emperor but No Orator.
A programme of unusual merit has been
arranged. Miss Julia Johnson, soprano,
and Miss Grace Winter, contralto, two
ers. The mTriey received will be used
principally to apsist the members of sister
lodges in the distressed city.
Opera-house Tuesday evening, for
the benefit of the Gaiveston flood suffer-
BERKELEY. Oct. 14.— Under the
auspices of Berkeley Chapter,
Order of the Eastern Star, a con
cert will be given in the Berkeley
young ladies with remarkably sweet
voices, will render solos. Robert Bonner
of San Francisco, who has a magnificent
barytone voice, will sing. Among the
special features will be piano solos by lit
tle Miss Jeanie Maj'le and Roy Stewart.
Tlu?e two children have both won much
praise for their playing. J. L. Goldsmith
will render a violin solo and Miss Ella
Clark will play the piano.
The funny men of the evenlner will be
the two clever monologists. Milton H.
Schwartz, yell leader of the State Uni
versity's Rooters" Club, and W. W. Brack
ett of San Francisco. These two young
men are able to furnish enough amuse
ment in one evening for several enter
tainments, n. S. Burns and Mrs. George
Haight will read.
Selections will be rendered by the Berke
ley quartot, consisting of A. C. Nahl,
Ray Judah. Ralph Phelps and Ralph Mc-
Cormick, and by the Berkeley orchestra,
under the leadership of C. R. Morse.
At the conclusion of the programme an
informal dance will be held. The Berke
ley orchestra will furnish the music. The
active workers in arranging for th« en
tertainment ar* 1 Miss Mary McCleave,
Mrs. Charles Sleeper. Clarence Merrill,
Jo Mills, Robert Stewart and Francis Fer
rier.
Will Give Concert In
the Opera-House
Tuesday
College Town Chapter, Order of the Eastern Star, Plans Elabo
rate Entertainment for Benefit of Galveston Sufferers.
The entire police force of the city is
on duty to-night. Every train is goiarded
and every outlet possible to oe covered
is under the eye of a policeman. The mea
ger description given of the highway
men was furnished to all of the patrol
men and every possible effort Is being
made to apprehend them.
OAKLAND. Oct. J4.— The winter season
of hold-ups opened In Oakland this even
ing at the corner of Twelfth and Union
streets, where et .9:40 o'clock two foot
pads held up G. Palmer, residing at 525
Thirty-second street, and E. Crowley. who
lives at 1357 Broadway, and relieved them
of their money, amounting to about $S.
As soon as Palmer and Crowley had
been searched by the highwaymen they
were ordered to disappear as rapidly as
possible, under penalty of being shot if
they faltered. The men obeyed instruc
tions, but half a dozen blocks away from
the scene they met a policeman, into
whose ears they poured their tale of woe.
There was nothing extraordinary in the
affair. It was a plain case of highway
robbery. Crowley and Palmer were wait
ing at. the corner for a Twelfth-street
electric car -when two men suddenly ap
peared from the dark shadow of the build
ings. One of the new-comers stepped up
to the waiting men, and, thrusting a pis
tol under their noses, commanded "Hands
up. and be quick about it." Up went two
pairs of arms high In the air.
The pistol-wielder's companion then
proceeded to make a hurried but complete
search of the help-up men's pockets. Tho
search yielded so little that a curse or
two dropped from the raiders' lips, but
the proximity of the pistol warned the
victims to accept the situation without
protest.
The footpads worked rapidly and gave
Palmer and Crowley but lit^-j opportu
nity to see them, standing in the shadow
as much as possible.
The Bandits Are Not Masked and Do
Their Work I^ess Eacpcditiously,
but Secure Little
Money.
G-. Palmer and E. Crowley
Robbed by Two Bold
Highwaymen.
FOOTPADS ARE
AGAIN ABROAD
McAnney has resided in Alameda since
lie recovered from the accident that
rna!rr.e<i him. He is married and Is 63
yrars «Md. Because of his injuries he has
bren unable to follow his trade, and that.
It I? suspected, hfts had much ti do with
Jii5= prerert disturbed mental condition.
After leaving- the house he wandered
c Bt t<-> the A. A. Cohen place about noon,
where a ro;>e fastened to the limb of a
tree caught his gaze. The despondent en
gineer immediately began preparations to
utilize the rope a* an instrument of death.
He wa« hampered in ca-rryin^r out his pro
ject b*-c«.upe he could not with his one
arm f.x a noose securely about his neck.
After an hour's effort McAnr.ey gave up
the job and decided to so to the beach and
Throw hirn^e!f into the canal. Here a»rain
his plans faiied because of the ir.terfer
ence of bystanders, who suspected his
j'i;rp^5e.
McAnr.oy resides at CS4S Central avenue,
Irs Alarneda. He wandered away from
home this morning after assaulting his
wife a_-:d smashing the furniture, an-
Louncing that he proposed to kill hlmtelf.
For several days Mc.Vrsney had been un
usually despondent and his physical dis
abilities had been the sole subject of his
rambllnjr talk.
McAr.ney was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in Oakland, where he will be ex
amined to-morrow by the Commissioners
cf Lunacy. His peculiar actions on the
estuary beach at the foot of Broadway,
Alarr.eda, attracted the attention of pedes
trians, who notified the police. Patrolman
Brown arrived in time to restrain the mel
ancholy engineer frcm plunging into the
tidal canal basin.
Lon£ brooding over the loss of an arm
and other severe injuries he sustained in
an accident last July at Dun?muir has
unbalanced the mind cf aged Bernard
McAr.ney. a stationary engineer, and to
day he maile two ineffectual attempts to
commit suicide at Alaineda, where tie
lives.
Oaiiar.d OSce San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Oct. 14.
Makes Ineffecttial Attempts to Com
mit Suicide by Hanging and
Then by Dro-w-ning Himself
in Tidal Canal.
Broods Over an Accident
Which Maimed Him
for Life
AGED ENGINEER
BECOMES INSANE
BERKELEY WOMEN TO R01SE
A FUND FOR FLOOD VICTIMS
H. ' aweth out the thread of his verbosity
finer irtn the staple of his argument. I ab
hor such fanatical phanta.«irr.«-3. such lnsocla
ble and point-devise companions, such rackers
of orthosrarhy, as to sz>eak dout. fine, when
In "Lnve's Labor's Lost" we find the
schoolmaster of Shakespeare's youth, as
in another play we have found the dis
guised Sir Thomas Lucy. Lilly's Latin
grammar was evidently one of the text
books used In the Stratford .guild school.
The guild was dissolved about -the year
154S. The school, however, wes continued.
It was re-founded '>y Kdward VI.
Shakespeare certainly read the Latin col
loquies so commonly used in the sixteenth
century. He could not have escaped
them, for the common schools In those
days were I^atln schools. The school
master in "Love's Labor's Lo.»t" Is very
Latinized. Indeed. In act 5. scene 1 fThe
Temi>!e Shakespeare) the schoolmaster
s^pen*- ¦; ot Don Adriano de Arnado:
It is a delight in Stratford to know- that
the old school and the old church, the
Avon and the tanks of the Avon, are so
little charged. New Place — the glory of
his manhood — is no more; what is left of
its foundations is covered by a -wire
screen, but the things that impressed his
senses when he was young, which come
out unconsciously In his writings, are still
there. One, be it noted, is his revererice
for religion. Living at a time of religious
storm and stress, he does not gibe at the
new form of opinion just cotr.e in or
sneer at the old faith which Englishmen
were discarding. The walls of the guild
school were painted v.-ith rude pictures of
the cross— "The History of the Cross" the
series was ca.lfM}— and the early plays crr
formed in the town hall were nearly all of
a religious character. The spirit of rever
ence is one of those characteristics which
surprises many o? the critics of Shakes
peare. Because nowhere in his plays does
he indulge in polemics, as Spenser does,
he is accused by some, but r.ot many, of
irrelipion. As if the best guarantee of a
man's piety is that he should sneer at
pome form of religion! To the old religion.
as William Black says, he was ever gen
tle. And one can very well understand
this when one lives in Stratford for a
while and becomes saturated with the
local traditions that still preserve the
color of that elder time of guild schools
and great cathedrals when the Maypole
was reared and the convents were not
"mere ruined choirs In which the sweet
birds pang."
Nearness to nature begets reverence in
high minds. William Shake^ptare was
very nr-ar to nature. Besides, down to
his time there had been no divorce be
tween the myths of the fairies and the
teaching? of faith. Amiable belief in the
little people was not looked on as ac
cursed by the theologian, and that very
plainness of speech which moderns so
much and so unreasonably condemn in
Shakespeare was not regarded by the
pulpit with the horror it occasions" now.
A visit to Stratford, an examination of its
history, and a loving consideration cf the
typical plays of Shakespeare will show
that the reverence of God and for aspira
tions toward Him was the outcome of his
youthful surroundings.
The only flowr of the neighborhood not
mentioned in Shakespeare's works was.
according to a very severe old botanist,
the cowslip. When this exquisite allusion
to that flower was pointed out to him h<*
declared that the cowslip in "Cymbeline"
was not the cowslip of Warwickshire,
whose spots are certainly not red. Si.-.kes
peare wrote of
A mo!e clncue-spotted. like the crimson drops
I' the bottom of a cowslip.
an«1 the other from Coventry to Stratfcrd-on-
Avon.
Xowhere in England couM Shakesreare have
found better environment for sensory train
ins than In the fields and forests that circled
Stratford-on-Avon. There is a story of two
Englishmen laying a wager in regard to th*
finest walk in England. After the wafers had
The psychologists, fortunately for the
children of the present, are doing away
with the fallacy that book learning is edu
cation, and Reuben Post Halleck. who has
done much to nullify the old assertion,
says that—
To the sights and sounds, th© traditions
and associations of this quaint old War
wickshire town, Shakespeare owed more
than to books. The Avon, the swans on
the Avon. Trinity Church, with its eter
nally heavenward pointing spire. Sir
Thomas Lucy's deer, the cowslip, the vio
lets, love-lies-bleeding, the gnarled oak.
the footpathway that leads from Sttatford
to Shottery— you may go to Stratford to
day to see them all. for even the descend
ants of the Lucys are still at Charlecote.
You will remember that it was for poach
ing among Sir Thomas Lucy's deer that
tradition says Shakespeare was obliged to
flee to London. Charlecote is about five
miles northeast of Stratford. Shakespeare
"took it out" of Sir Thomas by represent
ing him as Justice Shallow and making
sorne puns on his name and the "luces"
(pikes) on his coat of arms.
To the lovers of Shakespeare Stratford
on-Avon must be a delightful place—one
of those Meccas for which the heart
thirsts and in which it is not disappoint
ed. You may read Shakespeare as a task,
as a necessity of culture, or you may read
and love him until he becomes a veritable
part of your life. In the first case. Strat
ford will be Interesting as an historical
study; in the second, it will be the abid
ing memorial of your dear friend and
master, William the Great and Gentle.
he should say doubt; det. when h« should pro*
nounce debt — d. e. b. t. not d. >% t; h« cl«petii
a. calf, cauf; half, hauf: neighbor vocatur n»
bour; neigh abbreviated ne. This Is abSiom
inable—which he would call abborainaMe: It.
inslnuateth roe of lasanle. ne intelligis, doadaa?
to make frantic, lunatic.
Nathaniel — Laus Deo. boca lntelllso.
Holofernes — Bone? bone for bene. Prt»daa
a little scratched (Latin somewhat incorrect);
't will serve.
Nathaaiel— Vide«ne cais venlt?
Holofernes — Video, et caudeo.
We infer that the schoolmaster at
Stratford In Shakespeare's boyhood wa.1
a pedant, but rot unejenial. When he went
to school, in 1S71. Walter Roche wai the
master; six years later Thomas Hunt -was
appointed. Whether Shakespeare read,
Homer. Seneca or Plautua carefully. It is
certain that the scnoolmaster introduced
them to him. Of a knowledge of Greek
we find no trace in his plays. A3 Sydney
Lee* says:
It is Just pc?«ibl» that at th» most efilcler.t
country schools the more advanced scholars.
b*for« the passage cf some neighboring: mag
nate or the existence of a colleKe scholarship
enabled them to proceed to the universities.
learnt somethir.e of the Greek grammar. witl»
the Greek te*td:rur.t and Socrates or Demos
thenes. But Shakt>.«peare was doubtless with
drawn from school In consequence of hla fath
er's tecuniary misfortunes.
Holofernes may have tx'en partially a
remini.srer.ee of Mr. Roche or Mr. Hunt:
if so, Shakespeare had r.ot an unkindly
remembrance of his schoolmaster*, who
were doubtless severe In their in^dstenc9
on a very pedantic pronunciation — a cor
rective which r.o doubt speakers of the
Warwickshire dialect badly needed.
We all know that the "best influences
on a boy's life are not frora books.
Shal*cspeare's country rambles, his even
| ings by the fireside listening? to tho old;
tales of fairies, of England's giories, of
Guy of Warwick, of the kingmaker, that
other Warwick, of the grewsome doings
of English kings, as seen through the
popular fancy. If the schoolmaster,
through his declensions and conjugations,
trained his mind, the sight3 about Strat
ford trained his imajrir.a.tton. And tha
sounds, too. for Stratford and all Ens
land were places of singing In the tima
of Elizabeth. His was a quick ear, and he
easily caught the cadence of the popular
music. The old Shakespeare house, with,
Its chimnev seats — there are closets for
smoking bacon in it— may yet be seen.
! Here the boy sat o' winter nights and
roasted the chestnuts he had gathered In,
his precious lesson time, while the crab
apples simmere.l in the bowl. He recalls
the winter nishts in the final song o£
•'Love's Labor's Lost":
When icicles hans by th« wall.
And IMek the ?herh<*r-i blows his call.
And Tom bear* logs into the hall.
An'I ir.Hk comes frozen home la pal!.
When blood is nipr»-d and ways be foul.
Then nightly *:r.g3 tn« sfarins owl.
Tu-whit.
Xu-whoo, a merry n. >te.
While greasy Joan duth keel the pot.
WVn all alout! the vtad doth blow.
And ciughlr.R drowns the parson's sa.Tr,
And birds Bit brooding In the »now.
A-d Marian's nose looks red and rawj
V.hen roasted crabs hl?s in th» bowl.
Then nightly sings the staring owl.
Tu-whit.
Tu-whoo, a. merry note.
TVhile rrrfi?y Joan doth keel the pot.
The "daisies pied and the violets bine"
you will find about Stratford In their sea
son. Shakespeare's flora and fauna giva
no shock to the accurate when they are
the flora and fauna of Stratford. Th»
gnarled oak, near the stream, the very
deer on which the melancholy Jacques
meditated, may be seen there to-day aa
they were impressed on the receptive
senses of the little Will. There, too. ars
the peas-Mossom. the reeds by the river
and the "sweet mu3k ros^s" In their sea
son, that Titarla loved. You may find the
"luscious woodbine" and in the spring tr.n
flowers and herbs that Ophelia offered in
her gentle madness, the fennel, the col
umbine, the rue and the rosemary- Ir I*
not hard to find th* very willow and th»
brook which Shakesueare saw many
times and which he pictured forever in,
Ophelia's dying scene:
Therp. with fantastic garlands, A\i she come.
Of crow-flowers, nettles, daisies and long pur-
Sles.
Ophelia's willow has gone th- way of
the great mulberry tree at New Place.
but there are willows and brooks in War
wickshire that make you understand how
this sad willow and brook looked, if you
need such aid.
No man can escape from his early Im
pressions, and it is fortunate that Shakes
peare lived his early life in the bcautv
and simplicity of Stratford. In nearly
every play of his? 1m goes bark to it In
thought, as ho finally went back to It. not
as one wearv of life, but as one who had
worked in order to enjoy life, bven In,
the plays of Italy he returns to Stratford.
Hamlet lives In Denmark, but Denmark
la Shakespeare's England, and the at
mosphere out of the court is the atmos
phere of Stratford. Navarre of "Lov-'a
Labor'? Lost" is certainly not in Spain,
except in the scene that glve3 u* castlea
In Spain. There are glimpses of Stratford
all through it. And Arden. the fore3t of
"As You Like It." Is replete with the
fragrance of these forest farms about
Stratford, which we know Shakespeare
loved. Permit me to recommend to the
general reader Sydney Lei?'? '¦Stratford
on-Avon." William Winter's "Shakes
peare's England." William Black's "Ju
dith Shakespeare" and the chapter on
Shakespeare in Halleek's "Education of
the Central Nervous System." Eut no
book can b<» substituted for a ramble from
Stratford to Shottery-
MAURICE, FRANCIS EGAX.
Catholic U niversity of America.
•"Stratfcrd-on-Avon."
STRATFORD-ON-AVON AND SHAKESPEARE.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
Copyright, 19O0, by Seymour Eaton.
Alameda News of the Bay Cities OAKLAND News of the Bay Cities Berkeley
THE SAN FRAXOISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1900.
MISS LILLIAX DONNELLY, AC
CUSED OF STEALING BICY
CLES SHE HAD RETURNED.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, UCTOEEK 15, lliUU.
8
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San FTancl»co
Call, corr.er of ilarket and Third streets, open
until :J o'clock every r.i&ht in the year.
r-HANcii offices-::: Uontsosear stwt.
corner CJay; ot^ti until S):20 p. m.
SCO Hayes Ftreet: cr>en until 9:30 p. m.
C3^ McAllister street: open until 3:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin Etreet; c;cn until 9 -.20 p. m.
J.^l M'fsicn street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 i;_.rk«t street, corner Sixteenth: open
until S j>. m.
ItM Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
I%6 Yuler.cia ftreet; cren until 9 p. m.
Ncrthtveet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky clTtett; cj*n until 9 p. m.
UCCTISq NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commar.rVry No. 16. .-
K. T.. Golden Gate building. C:.". Sutter "jj__^
ft.— Stated assembly THIS EVENING IFJC
«r£Q be conferred. Ail f raters are Ay
courteously invited. w
UOBERT McMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Koc-urder.
""III: ¦¦ -in !«-»¦» of the l'ast Masters' Ae- _5
foclatlon. F. and A. M. of California. _^%_
are requested to meet at the Masonic /K_*<
Temple, Vcn and Hoatfouery *=ts., at'~ *
1:30 o clock r>. m.. on MONDAY. October 15.
J390. to _:tetil the funeral of our late brother.
IiAVI!, CHARLES SMITH. P. M. of Ori-
ental Lo,Ure No. 141. F. er.d A. il. By orJer
tjf tte l-resl^.f-nt.
1'KTKR T. BARCLAY. Secretary^
6AN FRANCISCO C!iBj,ter No. 1. Itojal ,<£V,
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. fe_X '
Dostaeca and EL A. degree.
OCIDENTAL LrxJre No. 12. F. and A. »
M-— THIS (MONDAY) LVEXIXii, at _/V_ ¦
T::-f o'clock. Tliird oe_rw. Mnster 3£_3T
ftlxsor* cordially invited. By order of ' •5' >
the Msifter.
« JtLTEn G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
UKRVAXN Lodse No. 127. F\ anil A. M
M.— Tailed nit-etinjr THIS DAY (MOX- . .£&_
DAY). October 15. ISC*, at 7:30 o'clock ;S3f I
p. m. Digree 1. By order of the ' TT >
W. M. L. SCIIIMACHER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL. Uodse N«. 144. F". and A. m
M.— Officers a?.'! members are hereby __W- [
requested to attend V\* funerai r.f Past %,_af
Kilter DAVID C. SMITH, from the <*&
Maser.ic Temil-. MONDAY. October 1*>. at
1:30 oVl^rk f. m. Master Masons, friends ]
.':i;d relative 3 r.it? ocr.iially Invited.
A. P. HIT.HARU. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Regular annual meet-
Jrc cr Btockboldera ct" the KILATEA SUGAR
PLANTATION CO. will be held at the of-
fw of the comr»nv. No. T2~ Market st.. fan !
I'r.-.nrisco. Cal'fm-r.ia. on WEDNESDAY, j
the :j:Ji day of October. 1900, at 11 o'clock ¦
a.,:u.. for the parpose of elective a beard I
• r .::r<?otorc to fen-.- for the ensuing year. '
¦^tA the tranfaetion of such other hull _*<ai as !
iniiy come before the m-"etlnir. Transfer book* ;
doee cr. S-tunliY, October 13. at i; o'clock m. j
r:. H. BHELOOJJ. BeentuT.
ACKXTS WAXTEO.
AGENTS make J100 p<r month selling our !
novelty machines; on application will send '
ctrt an.i price*. THOS. FCM3TE CO.. Los An- ;
;•¦ :• >.. Cat .
TO r.ar.aif Robtoeon"« ThTir.El Hath Cabinet. ¦
1'a'-;*'..- Ap- •!:?-• Su-.jly Co., 32;> Treat ave.
AGK2CT8 — Lady or gentlemen; V>1r commissions. '
I'l.OF. EU.USSL£BTS ITi^to Studio. 141S Mkt. !
AOCKTS ol ability ar.J experience in life tnsur- i
kt'-p Call at room 101. 937 Market, cor Sixth. I
ASI'HALTIM KOMI'IVG.
J PEX/TTEB. aspfc^It reefing. Fidotva'.ks; cellar ,
Ito-T- '.*<<i. repaired: !>r-«tal. 11S6 Mission st.
ASTIIOLOGV.
jm. C. TGl'PET TAYLOIJ. scientiHc astrolo-
ger; call for free cc^y "The New iloon." |
7& Market ft.
HUE. HICKET-*Afctrotoxlgt; hotwecpe-. ZQc; !
card readier and palmistry, i. r .c. is*:t Mission, i
mm^~— —— —— -» j
ATTOHXEYS AT LAW.
R. W. XING, attorney at law, £27 Market St., i
room (33 — Estates, dimcujs, attachments, j
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees; j
ft" a4vaac« chiirgcF; money Joaned en estates.
ADVICE tree: divorce law a specialty; private; i
r.o fee v. liihout suiceff; collations. G. W. i
HOWE, any «t law. *5o Market, ccr. Stockton. ]
I. E1)V.\ JARRETT. Hearst bidp.. Third and i
Market sis; pbone K»-d Z.'XZ.
KItKE advice; divorce !:>.wf. damapre?. estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 324 Montgomery.
A U VICE free: r.n charse unless Fuc~essful. \V.
V.'. Davidson. M7 Market Ft.. Ppp. Meson.
JL. ?. CLAKK. Emma Sp-e^kels b;ds..'r2T Mar-
Vt-t rt. : 'V'-?i:'f '.ion no fee* in advance.
BATH CAUIXCTS.
ROBINSON IS. 4-panel folding; door opens: firni
and £3*>. V.'. S. nr'.nv.'X. gen, net,. 416 Ellis.
MOAHDIMi KOIt CHILDKE.V
LAI'Y with own home would like 1 or 2 Email
dtfUren to board! i?.x>d c_xe. K1S Sixteenth.
A PRIVATE ffuriiiy wouM like to take a child
tn beard. Address C"H Jones st.
GERMAN la.:y wtebea ir.far.t babies to board;
ectod references. 4— > Mir^ia. Et.
JJI1»HLE-AGEI» wnoaa irooM like to 'board
infants. CSS Jess:e tt.. in rear.
BL'SISESS CHAACES.
LADY or gentleman with business ability to
buy int«"r«-st in (aoUctae business : ex;>er:ence
not necessary. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C 1 .
Kesxny *t.
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEN'.
A— (7000; cafe with long lea*e, close to Mar-
ket and Poandl Fts. ; rurrounded by theaters,
r.nd dcinK a nulling but-Inet-s ; cu«lomers and
isrices firtt cla^s; j rivate dining n.>cnr.«. with
ladies' entrances: tickness compels owner to
I.a%e the city. Particulars It. G. WILKE.
3di Kearny «t.
A— PARTY wanted ln manufacturing buslrie?*;
fatt-nted article; to be ucfd in e\ery house-
lioi'l; iiirpe prrftts and immense sales in Ei^'ht;
a. rare busir.es* proposition. Particulars II.
«;. WILKE. 2V~ Kcajr.y f=t.
A-4S00; BUTCHER th^r. with hon-e and cart,
in liest location cf Western Addition; place
*-stal»lished fcr years and d.'inp a first-class
business: a rjAfotU <hance for any man.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2CU Kearny Et.
A— $}:•«: DUTCHES Fhop rn Valencia st :
monthly receipts about II200; selling 4 cattle
I>er week: low rent; trood business. Call K.
G. WILKE. iCH Kearny rt.
A— $1100; CORNER grocery ar.d bar; choicest lo-
cr.tion ln the Mission: rent $3D: 4 living Moas;
place established years: owner, a wlduw.
wants to retire. Call R. O. WILKE. 2C"_
Kfaray Ft.
A F HOE store: busir.tfs lr«oation; poad chance;
sna;>. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
A COIlNEn er>;c*-ry and bar; bijr stc<>k; all
fr«i-h EOCds; s,ick»fs. Cowins & Co.. 719 Mkt.
A-IJ-STAUIIANT In beU r>art of city; must
be eold this day. COWING. 719 Market et.
A — HOTEL: bt-st location: raon<y naker; call
t.t one*. COWING <fc CO.. T19 Market »t.
A— CORNER falonn; good tosatlait: this Is a
J)ar-al-. COWING & CO.. 753 Market Bt.
A — IIOOMINC nous. ; DorUl Market: fin" 1-x-a-
tlon; desra *75 month. CO'.VIXO, 719, Market.
A—f^AY. FIfiHER & C'»., have you lo-Uini?-
hr<UF.e5? Y>-*. What price? T2*> uj'. any loca-
tion desirtd; 12 rooms, J3(rt; II r.-Kimj, 1110: 10
rooms, r.fw. S'AO. f.ne; 2'> roomi, barRiln. J75O;
27 rooms. t^OO. sna:>: all sizes, nil prices.'all
new barjrair.s; call end Bee us. 103^ Market tt.
RESTAURANT and bakery in a prosperous
town near city: receipts large: good prices;
& l.b'-ral effer will (^ made to tfc'jse meanins
tiuflnerp; must be scld. :.•¦¦¦- & Co.. 8Ci Mkt.
V.Y)-?A\J.jO1< dth 2 lhins room?; cause of
caJe. ot! tr burincfs. An,l>- at fa'.oon, l."l
Fifih st._
jpOfr-RKSTAIRANT. <1« Ticacy p.nd bakery: cen-
tral; iotag l\:v buflness. BAPIL.E. S Eddy.
OLD ettlUtslwd Email Jewelry store for Bale
ch.ap: ov.T:i-r iil. Address box IS. 106 11th st.
COKNEK m-ecry and l.ar will be eold cheap;
living rooms. 1363 Fclsom et.
flf.00 Bcr a wi! r»yin?r prorerj- and Faloon: all
r_rh trartn; no *•< ¦ k Implne-sn: <ioir.ff b-s'ness
atrf"ut HOOO a rr.-vr^h: f-hr»ax> rent and S yearn'
lease. Jn<4 - jlrr- office.
FOR fale— A fourth lrtrrrBt tn trade mark and
buslrieyj* i4 years old. t-"^>iO cash: the market
all ever the world. AdJres* B., box 272J.
Call efflre.
IN Oskland— Cigar, notion and periodical stand;
well established: best location; cuitabl* for
man and wife, llox 2037. Call office. Oakland.
BLOCK of American Oil Company Ftock for
eaje or exchange; chnap; make an ofler.
FOWLER & CO.. 1513 Call building.
FOR sale — Cood-paylns restaurant with Ilv-
lntr room: suitable for couple; r.o agents; trial
riven. CIS Farrasnor.to ft.
WANTED— To trade lot in Portland. Orejron,
lit. Taber Adflltlcn. for nr.all saloon In city.
Acdrehs or call, i40A Gutter et.. room 5.
A NO. 1 transfer corner paloon for sale on ac-
count of Immediate d'orarture for Europe; es-
tablished 12 years. Bex 2703, Call offlw.—
A FINE laree store to let on O'Farrell et.. near
Powell; KuitaMe for any business; cheap rent.
Apply at IS Grant ave.
WANTED— Uuy, rent or will open country bar-
ber shop. iL J. EILVE1KA, 1000 Seventh St.,
Oakland. . •_. :_¦; - •." t .
510— PTCRE fixture*, S livingr rooms; suitable
ur.r business. IOCS Xatozna Et.. sear Eleventh
j DCSIKE39 CHAXCES — CONTINUED.
5100O-HALF-INTEREST In a good money-
making business; half cash and half to be
paid out of the profits; will put $2M ln with
the purchaser so as to have a working cap-
ital of J500, which Is necessary: 11500 worth
of stock on hand; purchaser must taJie entire !
charge; good for lady or gent; no trifle™.
£16 Market St., room 40.
LARGE manufacturing business ln California
wishes to correspond with a first class man
who can Invest tlO.COO. to take charge of
financial aJTairs and office routine; out J350.-
GOO per vear. Fcr full particulars address boa
47J4, Call Office.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar doing a good busl-
! ness. Call or address 31 Cedar ave. ; no agents.
j FOR sale, be:ow cost, the Burgess Planing
Mill; ea&y terms. 645 Urar.nan st.
i FOR SALE— Grocery and bakery; corner store;
rent $15. 631 Natoma et.
j FOR Eale — Cp- *v and Ice cream store; leaving
I city. 150C Howard st. i
FOR PALE-Flne cigar stand. Inquire 200 El-
lis St.
I FGn SALE — Iviilk route, $300; a bargain. In-
I quire 122 Fifth Et.
' G'XiD business chance: day saloon; rent cheap.
j G. W. GRAMS, SM Clay; wholer-ale district.
| EAREEHS- 2-chair Fhcj> lor sale cheap. Ad-
dress B. F. CHRISTIAN. Martinez, Cal.
FOH RENT— Fine coal yard cheap; central lo-
cation. Apply 2101 Central ave., Alamcda.
A PNAP — Coffee and chop house; rheumatism
compels sale at once. .23 Eighth £t.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch off.oe, 2200 Fillmore st.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions fcas been established at W3»
Valencia st.
LOIJGIXG-HOLSES I'OK SAL!:.
: 65 ROOMS, corner, $4000; 50 rooms $1000
! M rooms, corner, new furniture 6'JOU j
C5 rooms; apartment house 2200
j 40-rojm hotel in the Mission $ii-K> j
22 rooms. Kills Et.. mar Hyde; bariraln.
10 rooris: Kilts Ft.; bargain 650]
4 rooms O'Farrell st 550 I
12 rooms. Geary st SCO j
Will loan you money at l ! -i to buy a house. (
DAVIS & RIVES, room C9. !*1G Mark«t st.
LOIXJING-HOL'PIS buyers, attention — Houses
ct reduced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and j
location to suit; money loaned. SCHWEIN
HARD & CO.. S17 Ilarket *t.. bet. Fifth and
phcr.e mi.
THREE large loominir-houses: downtown loca- i
tien; paying prepositions; must sell before i
the 1st of November; secur« a good Invest-
ment and a bargain by ealliot early for these
houses. SC11WKIXHARI) & CO.. S17 Market.
? ROOMS; very eor.ve'r •„; must sell to-day.. U'-'O j
» rooms; Taylor st. ; a bargain BO
12 room.*; Turk Ft.; KO">d furniture 500
III rooms; Third el; really unly 5M
14 rooms; Geary s=t. : fine income ." ISofl
f* rooms CO rooms and 123 rooms; all central,
some more rargains for p^le to-day. First
buyers get them. HAYES & WILSON, S3*
M arket st. (The Elite).
11 ROOMS; rent $27: income $73 J4.10
15 rooms; 1 floor: oak furniture; full S.">0 |
IS rooms; central: clears. *S.~> month W0
20 rooms; tp&rtmente; paying; no work.. 1500
f0 rooms; clean; new: clears $l.">0 month.. 3000 \
EO room?; rent 8100: income Jr*."3 month... 1700 [
209 more. Please call. MONEY TO LOAN.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market !-t., room 1^ |
R. II. WINSTON & CO.. 10:S MARKET ST.
IS rooms: rent J50: north of Market $-!50
15 rooms; corner; rent JoO 6^0
34 rooms: rent $35 only GOO j
23 rcotns: raying house 909 t
{¦2 rooms; corner: offices 33C0 J
¦ — ¦ |
13 ROOMS; look at the price; only J3iO j
17 rooms; -worth $S00; will sell for 560
€9 rooms, CO rooms rented Fteaiy; the great-
est money maker in the city; for bargains
don't fcrt'f-t the place. EMERY. 3 Eddy Ft., |
rooms 1 ar.d 2. I'hcne Mint IMiL
A— ™-ROOM rocmlng hou?e; central $1300
2>.»-room house; first-class 103)
ll-room hous?. $47-".; 6-room flat 023
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
NICELY furnished i:.-room house: cheap rent; j
easy tennt or cheap for cash. 742 O'FarreH.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tha Weekly Call, j
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. ?1 per year. <
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, b-jpeies, carts, harness, j
j etc.. cheap. EUAN £z SON. 2117 Mission st. 1
1 SPONGES ar.d chamois our specialty. AMER- j
! ICAN SPONGE CO.. 15o New Montgomery st. ;
TWO hor-es KSfl Ito.; harness, wagon, cow. Ad- |
dress E. P. KR1CKSON. 1002 S2d st., E. OikM, ]
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light i
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
| NEW & :i-hani wacons. buggies, carts & har-
I ness, work * driving hor?os, lr.th A- Valencia.
, SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice ln all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa- ;
i raud; mining a specialty; eirs.Sun.,Wed.,Frl.
I t-v's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
61S Edi?y st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign. '¦
i •¦rONSL'LT WATSON," 1SX1 Market, nr. 12th;
"profej-lonal" palmist and medium; 20c. 50c.
i MRS. LESTER— Circles Sun.. Tues.. Fri. eve.,
! 10c; readings daily. -CO Turk St.. room 4.
SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, at 1610
California et.
PP.OF. GEE, medium— Startling tests; circles
1 every night, 10c; readings. jOc, $1. 14S 6th.
. II ME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
I FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
tterer. sit. dally; convinc'jr tests to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
riff>* mrrtittm. I'O rrn.-W: ylttjngy V.. UW MUt.
CLAIKVOVANTS. j
i MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
: reader, born with double veil & second sight,
•liajrr.oses dlsta^a with life reading: ladles
j 50c. pent $l;-palm & clalr. sit. $1 50. 12<5 Turk.
I MRS. E. BANDERS, C14 Taylor st., near Geary
I —Clairvoyant, palmist and busines? medium;
ladies' cir«_le Thur?.. 2 p. m. ; Fri. 8; cir. 25c
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
; palmist, permanently located 1HS Market, opp.
j 6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to o p. m.
' M11K. BERNARD, r^ads life fluently; advice
i given In all affairs In life: satisfaction guar-
I ant»-ed: 25? up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
| JUST returned. MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clalrvoy-
; ant. card reader; mental questions answered;
', ladies. 2:.c; gents. SOc. 84 Sixth et., room 6.
i MME. A. CERVANTES, tha celebrated Spanish
1 fort'jne teller, plves test ndvlce In difficult
! matters. 13 Fujton St.. nrar Lfirltln.
I CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psyohomftrist. palm-
| 1st ar.d cardjreatflr.g. z^c. 124m Market Bt.
i MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is, the great palm-
ist and card reader; 2jc. 7 Seventh; no filKn.
i M.ME. MAKER, card reader and palmist, room
1.-.. third floor. Ii23 Mission st. ; no sign.
i ZEJIDAR. younfr, gifted clalr.. card reader;
names given; 11 to 9. 1G34 Market, nr. Polk.
j MRS. CAMERON, enrd reader, medium: 25c up.
S23 Mission st. : don't forget number; ring bell.
j MRS. E. M. Pl'VAU clairvoyant and business
! medium. '2j Golden Gate ave.
\ MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past.
present, future. 2."c. 14S Sixth st. room 14.
I MRS. MELVILLE. we!!-knov.-n ciairvoyant. wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Flsth; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or r.o pay; 25?. 1143 Mission.
KME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally. 21£'4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
a^vlre; names cIvt. : 5c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAKI'ET HEATIXG AM} CUJAM.VG.
STANDARD. 113 Guerrero-Curtains and bl.m-
kcts renovated. 2. r .c per pair: carp-t» cleaned,
3c yd.: laying a Fpecialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN vou become distrusted with poor work
Fend to SPAT'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
inir Wrrks. 253-3*7 Tehama Kt.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
nUATTOVS, Z Eighth Rt.: teL Jessie 044.
j J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beatlne and Reno-
vatir? Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; t?l. MIs3irjfcT4.
CITY Ftcatn Carpet-Keating- Works. G. H.
STEVENS, ragr.. 28-40 Sth gt. ; tel. South 2S0.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.;
tel. Main 231. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate avenue: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
palnlefs:concult'n free. Dr. Duncan.41a Sutter.
fOLLECTIOX OFFICKS.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— NoTchargTunt
)cfi» successful. Room 310. 927 Market ft.
COTXACES TO LET.
A— COTTAGE. 4 Eunny rooms; yard. Key 623
Second gt.. near Mall Dock.
IJOG HOSPITALS. ~
DR. BUZARD > s'd^B~hospltal71 1 osti^ Fillmore^-
Advlce and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animal* treated: dogs boarded. Tel. Went 636.
DR. Creely'a C. P. tnangre* cure and worm pills,
_j- drusxlat-.er at bcsplt«U,610 Golden Gate av.
DEXTISTB.
AT the ~EL^CTRotDENTAL~CLiNIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor 4th rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without rlates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 E0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice houre, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
I and nilir.gs; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 10 O'Farrell Et.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a - plate; fillines, 50c:
crowns $3 50; plates, full "set. $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
1 or 5.-21 Sixth st.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1013
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively an-J absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $3; crowns, $3 50;
Lndse work, V>; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry: hour?. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 12CC Market, cor. G. O.
DR LUDLiriTiriLLTTm MarketTnr. Eleventh
—No eharce fcr extracting when plates are
made; olJ plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. WALSH. Sl^i Geary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction CCc; plates $3 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
COc. New York Bontlsts. 96'J Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Penta! Pcrlor, 23o Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of toem. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN YllOOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market fct.. corner Sixth.
SET of troth without plate. DR. II. G. YOUNG,
1X41 Polk st.
DHESS2IAKERS A.VD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCOrtDIOX rleatlnp factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Port. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1CVJ Market st.
S. F\ Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
educational;
AV1IES' Business College. 72a ilarket tt.; day
and evening; individual instruction, $S per
month; life scholur-rnlp, $30; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; just added 25 new
typewriter-; commercial department enlarged
and is the best ln S. F. : catalusue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott I31dg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S 1JUS1NKSS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
n. F 1 .— Bookkeeplnjr, shorthand, typing, l.in-
guaKts. telegraphy, English tranches, civil.
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and right Fosslons; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan buildiry?.
SPANISH elapses day and evening. 305 Larkln
St., cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week. $3 a
month: also private. PP.OF. P. M.VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: 3
raos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
$25 TARR, expert accr.t.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123K Market St.
ENGINEERING. civil, elcc, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assajr, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; e?_lSS4.
VAN DAR NAILI.EN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH. French, German, singing, piano, $2
mo. ; hours. 2-4. 6-8. 1J3B Market, rms. 11U-117.
MUNSON School £ho*rthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mor.t'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio;
violin, fcuitar. mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy St.
ILLUSTRATION— PAP.TINGTON'S DAY ar.d
ILLUSTRATION— Ni.ht class. 424 Pine 8t.
; FRENCH. Spanish.ctc.Prof.DeKilippe'sAcademy
] of Languages. 320Po3t; establd 1S71;abie»t prof3
1 CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkln st.
' ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
¦ etc.. day or eve.; J"> mo. 102* MiPRton. r.r. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
j A — JAPANESE arrt Chinese employment con-
tractor; rhtab. over 10 years; all kinds heip.
I 421 I'ost st.. near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
FRED WAMATS. Japanese, Chinese contractor;
emp. office. £44 California: tel. James 2601.
! RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51<i8.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers: est. ISM. 10M Oak; tel. Page S47.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn. ; domestic eerv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 37i
j ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
| r.es-e help. 42C Powell. nr.Siitter: tc-i.Biack 5072.
I JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
b#-Ft help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806'. Stockton.
CHINESE! and Japanese Employment Office-
Best ,h<-!n. 411U O'Fcrrell st.: tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEO — FEMALE.
A~NORWEGIAN 'cook with first-class refer-
ences wants a position; Swedish second girl:
French chambermaid and seamstress; compe-
tent Infant's nurse; chambermaid and laun-
dress; institution cook, and others await
positions. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter Et.
FRENCH lady, rppaking English, wishes to
clve private lessons of rcadins and conver-
sation in French. Call or address Teacher,
Gailhard Hotel, G03 Pine st.
! WANTED — By Eastern woman, position as
! working housekeeper; city or country: good
home more of an object than wages. Call or
address all week, H14 Pine St., room 1.
YOUNG Swedish filrl wishes to do general
i housework and plain cooking in small Amerl-
| can family; wagei $20 to $23. Call 219 7th *t.
YOUNG- woman would like to care for an old
; lady or invalid. Address M., GO Sixth street,
j OaklanJ.
I MIDDLE-AGED woman v. - lFhes situation pen-
tral housework and cooklnp; sood references;
wages $12 to $13. Call 343 Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position as
working housekeeper. Box 36")O, Call of3ce.
YOUNG married lady would like any kind of
housework by the day. 130 Eleventh st.
STRONG German woman wants washing and
Ironing- by the day. Address box 3648, -Call.
WOMAN with a child wishes work; can fill al-
most rny position. Room 21, Parker Houce,
19 Turk St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 23c to Jl 50 night. $1 £0 to I*
>-eek; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call ad^rtlsements and
Fui>scr!ptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t. ' /
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
K3IPLOV3IKXT WANTED — MALE.
A— NEW YORK City cutter desires a position
ln San Francisco; will furnish first-class ref-
erences from this city and New York. Ad-
dress box 3t'3l, Call office.
COACHMAN with many years' experience
with erood horses, sober, careful driver, can
milk or make himself generally useful, wants
situation; good references. Eox 4800, Call.
SITUATION wanted by an Intelligent colored
man: Fingle; temperate; good references. L.
A. BROWN. 518 Powell st.
COACHMAN wants situation on prl\-ate coun-
try place to care for horses, lawn and gen-
eral work; good references. Box S632, Call.
GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper wishes
work; first-class, references. W. BOHLING,
417 Ktarry tt.
JAPANESE bry wants place as schoolboy.
IScx 3C53, Call Office. .
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position, cook or
waiter, ln email family. H. OMA. 1010 Pine.
BY a man of business experience, 37 years cf
ase, a position as bookkeeper, collector or
business manacer; eood references and bond
if required. Call or address 1225 Webster Bt.,
Oakland. Cal.
A PERFECT dry and sweet wlnemaker, 20
years' experience, best references, wants situ-
ation. Address Wlnemaker, F. W. GRABAN,
417 Bush Bt.. S. F.
LIGHT complexlpned colored man wishes pcsl-
tion as coachman or waiter ln private family;
city or country; pood references. Call or ad-
dress G. W. CARR. 409 Stevenson st.
YOUNG man. educated ln English and Ger-
man, desires position; best of references and
security given. Care DR. SHILLING, 1SS1
Valencia st.
MAN and wife want positions in lumber or
mining camp: both experienced; wife good
cook, man mill hand and miner. 615 Thlrty-
nlnth Et.. Oakland. .
WANTED— A situation by a competent man to
care for horses, garden and general man
about the place; can drive. Box 2727. Call.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted; thoroughly un-
demands care horses, carriages, garden; good
driver: city reference. Box 3G55, Call office.
WANTED — Situation as ranch foreman, fruit,
grain or ctock, by competent man. Address
box 60S. WatsonvlUe. Cal.'
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP---MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man. strictly trustworthy,
good references, d,eslres poslU on a3 watch-
man or janitor; 20 years a resident of thla
city. Address E. 8., 39'J2 Army it
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Killmore.
(EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly nd-
jusfd. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FIXAXCIAL. .
IF you have stocks cr bonds of any kind for
pale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWItlTIXO CO.. 5fi4 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
100 HOUSES and FLATS TO RENT.
1207'i DWd'o; f. G r.Ji'O 1925 Dev'd'o; h. 8 r..»32
ieC9>s Turk; f. 6 r... 17 3GS Fell; h. 8 r 23
5"r> Geary; f. 4 r 9 M7 Union; h. 10 r... 35
819 Vallejo; f. 4 r... 10 2511 Sac'to; h. 9 r... 50
Flats wanted. SPECK & CO.. «*67 Market st.
TWO new centrally located flats. Just com-
pleted, 9 rocma each; 022 Pine; rent reason-
bale. Apply G. II. UMESEN & CO.
SUNNY desirable fiats; Oak and Lacuna sts.:
7, 8 and 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; First ave., fronting
on the park, gf 6 First ave^
FLAT— 901 Post st.. corner Hyde; 4 rooms;
rent 117 50.
IF you want to move pet printed list fiats to lt»
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW flat, tinted, 7 rooms, with running
water. 420 Eddy st.
$8—4 SUNNY upper rooms: yard, cellar; water
free. 1008 Natoma et., near Eleventh.
J20— UPPER flat 5 rooms: Cll Washington St..
between Kearny and Montgomery: key in
store below.
PLATS WAXTRD.
A — NOTICE — Owners, attention! We guaran-
tee to rent cood bouses and flats In 3 to 15
days. A. M. SPECK ft CO., 637 Market St.
FUHMTIinE FOIt SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for ?4S 50, with No.
7 rajw;. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket St.; telephone South S37.
la'R.MTtUE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 76L
A. WOLLPERT, "73 Mission st.. pays hlchest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1254.
ALWAYS .'phone John 1041 before selling ycur
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. "•!.*» Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk i_>4;
furniture & furn'd houses'bouirht: spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 7f.7 Mlnlnn: tel, ____ Xi~>2.
HELP WASTED FEjIALE.
WANTED— Cook, $3J; second girl, same place;
Protestant second girl, $2.", short distance;
German second girl. $25: Scandinavian second
girl, ?20; French' nursery governess. 125:
French cook, $20; restaurant cook. JS per
week; restaurant v.-aitress, $6 a week; laun-
dress, $2o; lady's maid, ?30; Protestant laun-
dress. Institution $25; cleaning woman, insti-
tution, J25: night cashier, $7 a week: 5 cham-
bermaids and waitresses. $20, city and coun-
try; 2 cooks for men, $25 to $30; ironer, $30 and
found; 2 pantry girls, $20 to ?2J; 4 cooks, $Jo
to $30; ISO housegirls. $20 to $2o. J. F. CKO-
SETT & CO., 31S Sutter St.
C. R. HA.VSEN & CO Phono Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for Fresno, Bakorsfield, Wood-
land. Gult, Porterville, Stanford. Watsonville.
Kern and city. S'£> and $25, many of them
faro paid: 2 waitresses, city. $20; 3 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; chambermaid, $17 50;
woman- cook, $10 and $33; chocolate dipper and
saleslady, country, $10 week, see party here
10 a. m. Monday
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, small family, short distance. In coun-
try, $30; 2 cooks, city, %i); second t'irl, B'-rke-
ley. $20: houseg-lrl. Redwood City, and 100
house-girls, r.urscKlrls. second girls, city and
country. C. 11. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary.
SCANDINAVIAN or German houseglrl, small
family, cjty, {25. C. R. HANSICN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
ITALIAN woman or girl, housework for Ital-
ian family, country, fare paid. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 1C4 Geary St.
WAITRESS, Newmp-n, $20; 10 chambermaids
and waitresses, city and country, $2') and $2.>;
French, chambermaid and seamstress, $25;
housework, Stanford University. $20: San
Jose. $.5; Rlpon, $20, fare here; Merced, $'!<),
fare here; Mountain View, $20, fare here; Sul-
Bun, $20, fare here; Isleton. $2j; Gait, $20.
SUSS CULLEN. S25 Sutter st.
A— NURSE, institution, $25; laundress. Institu-
tion, $25: cook, HO. see party 10 o'clock; two
housegirls, $j') each; second girl, $25: nurse,
$30; cook for men, $25. MRS. NORTON', 313
Sutter st.
A— CHAMBERMAIDS for city hotel. Call at
MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell Ft.
WANTED — For Herkeley, a competent youns
woman for general housework In small fam-
ily; no washing; $20. Lady can be seen nt
MADISON A; DURKE'S. 62S Market St., Mon-
day, 2 and 2.
RELIABLE flrl for general housework; good
na;?s and home for the right girl; kind
Aiiii-rican family. Call forenoon, 1202 Bu-
chanan st.. near Eddy.
WANTED— Xurseglrl to take care one child;
WB.cs $8; must sleep home. Call ln tho
morninr, S1G Sutter st., room 13.
FIRST-CLASS German or Swedish cook, email
family; city references; $30. 1S01 Gough St.,
Monday and Tuesday, bet. 9 and 12.
GIRL to assist v/ith light housework and baby,
$9. 772 McAllister s^
j WANTED — Starch-work Ironer. Standard
i ' Laundry, 114 Hayes ht.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 8C8 O'Farrell St.
GERMAN girl to assist in housework and taka
care of children. 755 Eddy st.
YOL'NU girl to assist and company for child;
i good home: $5. 519 Jones st.
I GOOD hnnd for children's tailoring; custom
I work. 20S Rose uve., near Octavia Et.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
Hll Steiner st.
GIRL for housework; German preferred; up-
stairs. 1052 Market st.
WAITRESS wanted. 1S3 Seventh st.
WAITRESS; reliable girt for dining room. 41$
I Third Bt _^
GIRL for general housework. Apply at 3003
S!xtevnth et.. above Mission.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housfework
and care of baby; good home. 1632 McAllister.
GIRL to do general housework. 40 Bartlett St.;
also elevator boy. 126 Ellis st.
GERMAN gjrl; general housework; wages $20.
Apply bet. 10 and 12, -ill Van Ness ave.
WANTEJ>»~Glrl to learn to run polisher.
Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
WANTEP-Waltress. 113 Turk st.
WANTED— Operators on custom coats; high
wages. Apply 40 Ellis St., room 52.
GIRL to do housework and cooking; wages $20.
Ilia Pierce st.
SEWING machine operators at LEVI STRAUSS
& CO.'S factory. 32H Fremont St.; no ex-
perience necessary; good wages. Apply, to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A bright, energetic woman, willing
to leave city, for a business firm. Box L'734,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesladies and makers for
millinery; good wages; steady position. 130
Sixth st. [
WANTED — Experienced operators, tuckers and
finishers. New York Waist Co., 935 -Mark-Jt
St., upstairs.
WANTED— An experienced chocolate dipper;
also experienced store girl. Call BONNA-
LIE. 704 Sutter St. ¦
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands; also
1 apprentice, cloak department. City of Paris
Dry Goods Co.
WANTED— Girl for light housework. MRS.
I. F. DUGGAN. Third and Camellia sts.. We it
Berkeley.-
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on suits.. A.
CAILLEAU. 114 Kearny St.
WOMAN with family to work ln lodging bouse.
441 Ceary st.
THREE apprentices wanted on pants; pay
j while learning:. 104-106 Battery st.
YOUNG girl as stenographer: must be good
! penman.- Address box S634, Call office.
! FINISHERS on vests; steady work. BELAS-
j CO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
! FIRST-CLASS coat finisher. C20 Kearny et.,
first floor, room 1. .---¦-
. GIRL to assist In housework; good home. 4034
i Seventeenth Bt.. near Castro.
¦ WANTED — Trimmer for country position. Ap-
I ply HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market at.
I GERMAN girl for general housework and light
j cooking ln small family. Apply at 22 Capp.
DANCING girls wanted. Comstock Dance Hall.
j .618 Pacific St.; open 7:30 to 12 d. m.
i WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit,
1731 Folsom. St., between 13th and 14th.
HELP WAXTEECMALE.
FREE FARE — Boarding: house cook, $35; dish- •
washer, J20; night steward, $12; storekeeper,
$7; dishwasher, $7 week; pantryman for
steamer, $20 month: waiters ln restaurant, $S
week; baker on bread, $35 and found; other
j hotel and restaurant help wanted. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
EIGHT carpenters, city and country. $3 and
$3 50; coachman, $30 and found; 21 farmers
and wives, $35 and $40; farmers, $1 day and |
$23; milker and choremen. $25: washer and |
Btarcher, JSO and found; stablemen, city and j
country, $30 and found and $60; carriage
painter for Honolulu, $3 day; stickerman for
country mill. $3 day; architectural draughts-
man; bricklayers, miners, blacksmiths, wood
choppers and many others. J. F. CROSETT |
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
C. R. HANSEN _TcO 104 Geary st.
Mason foreman, $4 50 a day: 2 stonemasons,
$3 50 a day for R. R. culvert work, Los An-
geles Co., free fare
KX) teamsters and laborers for railroad work.
State of Nevada, ?2 a day. free fare
10 teamsters for California and Northwest-
ern Ry. Uklah, $2 a day, free fare
10 laborers for a large dam. $2 50 a day. half
fare advanced: wine cellar man. $30 and
found; butter maker, $30 and found; 10
Ewsmpers, £53 ar.d found; farmers, stablemen,
choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, country hotel. $73; second cook, hotel,
$t'O; broiler, hotel, $4".: fry cook, restaurant.
$CG; 6 cooks. $30 to ?40; 10 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $2T. to $30; C hotel waiters, $25
and V,0. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MEAT cook. 130. baker. $10. both for country
hotel, faro paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Ccary st. y
AN office bey for this office; one who under-
stands the use of the telephone. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
123 laborers, different places In city and coun-
try, $2 :»5. $2. H 75 day. $35. $30. $26 and found
46 teamsters, sand scrapers, wagon?, etc., $2
and $1 75 day ?33, $30, $10, 526 and found
3<j plow teamsters JC.".. $30, ?2(i and found
3. r . general ranch and orchard hands
$25 and found
12 milkers and butter makers *39 and found
3 coachmen gtirdeners $30, $33 anil found
6 choremen and boys. ...$25, $20, $15, $10 and fd
3 farmers and wives $40 and found
6 drillers 1C lumber pilers $60
Carriage painter Harness maker I
4 blacksmiths m&. i
Al*o hundreds of Jobs not advertised. Come
and see.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL DEPT..'. BAKERS
26 cooks %'Ji, $!0, {35, ?r,0 and found
IS waiters $33, $20, $23 and found
12 laundrymen, butchers, porters. MURRAY
&, READY. 631 and 636 Clay st.
A— WANTED
3 rlcht-mule teamsters for large ranch, $23
and board; lisxd rock miner, $2 r>0 a day; ax-
man to frame timbers for mine, $2 a day;
farmer and wife, $t0; 2 farmers, steady work, |
! $2t>; farmer and milk. $26; 2 Italians to work !
I in winery. $-i>; Italian cellar foreman; 10 '
! Italian pruners; Iron tnolder, $3 a day; 2 la-
I borers for mine, $1 75 a day: cook, boarding I
j house, $33. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay. I
i A MAN to buy out a route: pood paying busl-
; noFS. MISS CULLEN, S23 Sutter st.
I AN errand boy. country hotel. $10. MISS CUL-
! LEX. 223 Sutter -**
: llARRERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
! merit. II. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
{ SOBER, steady man, take care two horses, !
I make himself useful ln store; German speak- I
j ir.rr preferred; wastes $12 a week. 15 City
1 Hall square, opposite Eighth st. ¦
' 2 FIRST-CLASS pnlnters. 7:30 a. m. Tiffany j
| block, bet. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth I
j Ets., on Mifsion. j
DOY about 13 years old wanted to learn photo I
business: permanent position. JOHNSON'S, i
53 Third st. I
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' I'nion No. 14S. mee.t3 ,
i every Tucs., 9 p. m., 113 Turk. I. LESS, Sec. j
! COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
j BROS. & CO., 21 Sutter Bt.
! PRESSER at the California Clothing Reno-
'; vatory, 116 Geary st.
I FIRST-CLASS barber for the country: wages
j $1S a week. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 7th. St.
j BOY wanted. JOE ROSENbAg, 11 O'Farrell !
| Ftreet.
|
I WAXTED-Lunch waiter. 17 Washinston st.
j YOUNG man for grocery and saloon. North- \
I east cor. Greenwich st. and Montgomery ave.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 233 California j
street. - j
t ______
I BARBER; steady work. Apply 9 Pacific st.
I THREK painters. Prescott House, corner |
j Kearny and Pacific sts. j
I YOUNG, experienced butcher. Inquire 1633 El- I
i lis St., corner Steiner.
i
! MALE bedmaker wanted. 930 Howard st.
j WANTED — 1 good carpenter and helper. 1902
' Fillmore St.; come early.
' GOOD baker wagon driver; .must have expe-
i ri<>r.ce. 011V& Market st. j
i WANTED— Walter at Golden West Hotel, CS <
I Ellis st. )
i LUNCH man wanted, $7 per week. 1077 Mar- <
j kot st.
i BARBERS; 3-chair shop for sale; going East.
14 Turk st.
HEN wanted for the United States Navy —
Machinists, first-class^ age 21 to 35. pay per
month, $35; machinists, second class, age 21
to 25, pay per month. $10; electricians, third
claSB, ape 21 to 35. pay per month, $33; chip- i
wriehts 'carpenters), nee 21 to 35. pay per |
month. $25; seamen, n*re 21 to 35. pay per
month. $24; ordinary teamen, age IS to 30.
pay per month $19; landsmen, age IS to 23.
pay per month 516: apprentices, third class,
a*e is to 17. pay per month $3. AH candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination shewing them to be free from dls-
cualifyinc ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Klectrlcians must pass a
practical examination ln electricity, espec-
inlly on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamtn must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
auDrentlces v.-lll b« required to pass the
physical examination only. The term of en-
listment is for four years. Should a man
re-enllst within a period of four months from
the. date of honorable discharge ho will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enllstment. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis ln addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received nt date of retirement. It is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
large number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
qualified for the hlpher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for tho
navy will make a large increase in the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large increase in the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
cepted win be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel: apprentices to tho naval training sta-
tion. San Francisco, Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. S. Navai Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets.
Pan Francisco. Cal.
A— TEN carpenters, 20 cabinet makers, 20 bench
hands, 3 sticker hands, 3 sash ¦ and door
makers. 1 wood trimmer, 1 trim sawyer, for
city and Oakland mills at Mechanics' Reg-
istration Bureau. 410 Kearny st. ; non-union
mechanics pleaso register; no office fees.
SHOE machine hands; bottom finishers: dry
thread Ftltchers. WENTWORTH-SWITZEK
SHOE CO.. 113 Pine st.
"WANTED— First-class dinner and short order
cook no pantry work. Address box 10, Wads-
Tvorth. New '
PKNSIONS — J. H. Shepard & Co., old. reliable
firm. SP6 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bide: pen-
sion vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
BOYS wanted for peddling fruit. 16 to 18 years;
$4 GO to $6 a week. Call at 563 Natoma et..
between 7 and S a. m.
WANTKDt-Kirst-class bootblack. Collese Bar-
ber Shop". Berkeley station.
COATMAKERS wanted: steady work. BELAS-
CO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers wanted. £20 Kearny
St., , first floor, room 1.
WANTED— A young butcher for shop and
wagon. 1S23 Point Lobos ave.
COAT and vest makers wanted. Apply II a.
m.. CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor, 72i Mkt.
WANTED— A young man for milk route. Call
40?7 rElcrhtcenth st.
WANTED — Sheetiron workers: union men. F.
A. GILLEY & CO.. 109 Fremont st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY who understands stenography and office
work; give age, wages desired. Box 4721. Call.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to 60c. E62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c.- Boston House. S30 Howard st.
STOLTZ. barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to C3G Market st., upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits . to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring- Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
HELP WASTED- MALE.
WANTED— A place to 5top for tha winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 51<> Sacra-
mento ft., near Montgomery; one of the few
repectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERt, Prop.
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
ln city and county; experience not necessary;
we teach you the business; Rood contracts for
i>cber men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co.. 200 Post «t.. cor. Stockton.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only el?ht
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLRR'S BARBKR COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 largs
rooms; 25c per night: SI to S2 per week.
MKX and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 7«A Howard St.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPRELL. lawyer. 18
years' practice; Examiner building.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four-
teenth St.. near Guerrero.
L £>DELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms, 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c nlsrht: reading- room: free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofP.ce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlpticns has been established at 1036
Valencia ft.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men in San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no rain: par-
tteulars sent. Ad. Phv«iMr»- h-- t<£/j rf>v ,
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc Fo^~Saie
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market'
S27 Sixth Bt.; auction sales every Wednesday'
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 57 Minna St., be-
tween First and Second.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; yen-i for dr.
cular. G. H. UJ^BSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE S-room house. S553 Twentieth st.. bet.
Valencia and Mission.
HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath: rent $10. 1130
Church St., near Twenty-third.
MARY. 20. near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; rent cheap.
$15— S ROOMS and bath; newly papered. 22
Do Boom st.. off Second, near Brannan.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
A-FURXISHED house of 7 rooms for sale;
rent cf house very cheap; rooms all full.
Apply 1315 Stockton st.
IIOl'SES WANTED.
SMALL rooming house wanted. Address box
"Sin. Call office.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST — A Rreyhound bitch, 12 months old; brin-
dle and white. Return to J. H. W. ML'LLEIt.
corner Eleventh and Mission sts.
LOST— Friday, Oct. 12. mastiff dog; name and
license tag on collar: answers name "Ehar-
key" ; reward. ?27 Minna st.
LOST— English setter bitch; white, ti-ked
blark: round black spot on side. Return to
N. BOTTO, 413 Washington St.. or 1073 Union;
reward.
LOST— Putfc. keys and money; vicinity of
Geary and Grant ave.; reward. 25 Stockton.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln the
name of JULIA M. JENNINOS; No. 213-023.
The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND — Vox terrier female; brown head, black
ppot on back. 1513 Killmore Bt.
MASSAGE.
EMILY SEGSWORTH^~as3istant to Dr. A^ B.
Willcox, scientific masseuse, room 40, St.
Ann's building; hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office: ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
DP.. G. W. O'DONNELL. ths world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at homo; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. Moved 1013 Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth;
reliable ladles' specialist; home treatment, J5.
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladles treated
at office can return home the same day; pri-
vate home before and during confinement:
best medical care: hours. 0 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F. : maternity
home; low fees. 1007 l 4 Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
practice: home ln confinement; treatment at
office, $j; any ailment; consultation free, con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; c\sres consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc. ; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist: practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1CC3 Market— Ladies' special-
ist: home in confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
CERT, medical rubber will attend clients at
residence by apptmt. PAULA, box 4779. Call.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human bodv. IIS Mn»on st.
MISCELLAXEOl'S — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 133-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship %verythinR in 24 hours. J.
NOON'AN. 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and S3
per month: write for catalogue and price.
.TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
Bt. : rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fao-
tory at 623 and 630 Clay st., near Kearny, has
Just started: storekeepers can be supplied
'»with all kinds of brooms at the cheapest
rates; orders by mall attended to.
A SURVEYOR'S level and tripod; Is almost
brand new; was made by Heer & Seelis of
Chicago for JU0: our price now $35. UNCLH
HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. 52 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery St.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, SI "•>¦ Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
$10 — NEW Home sewlne machine; good order.
1915 Mission St., near Fifteenth.
FOR sale— Windmill, pump and tank. 1S23 Fit-
teenth st.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2-drtll
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont St.
200-LIOHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete: cheap. H. S. WHITE. C16 Mission »t.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for *2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers. lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; movln*-
pictures. BULLARD & KRECK, 131 Post st,
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof pafe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg:. Co.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ~~
FIRST-CLASS woolen mill with large capacity
wishes to correspond with up-to-date house to
handle Pacific Coast account on blankets and
puttings; must be thoroughly acquainted with
the trade. Address box 4796. Call office.
CANVASSERS wanted to sell an article used In
every household. Apply at 13 Trinity st.,
room 7.
WANTED — San Francisco Examiner for Not
1S9S; quote price. W. F. PURNELL. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
I_ADIES'-and grents'' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
; a-brac and books. 109 Sixth Et.; tel. Jessie MX,
MONEY TO I-O.V*.
ANY amcunt^on furniture, pianon, without re-
moval, cr any other good security; payarue
tack In installment* <r as a whole; ir you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as Ions aj you a«-
fcire; avolJ red taro and publicity: see »-'
lirst; you will be wafted uoon quietly ana
quickly. Call 63-65 Donq.^oe bU.'g.. UIO Market.
AA— EEST rates, and ea.-ie3t terms.
Fecor.rl llortcaires •
Interests in Estates •
;:;Undivlc»d Interests in Real Estate
Fir.asc'.al problems nf n!l sorts and sizes
ic-lveJ by HERMAN MCKHHY. CO Market.
AliV amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2J and 3J mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate tn pro-
bate; mcrtsages and Incudes bought; no de-
lay; get my terms btfor-j (loins bu3ines3 else-
where. H. McCOLGAN. 2* Montsorr.ery. r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loan*, chattel
mcruases. life insurance. Room 18. first rlocr.
Chronicle bulMing. HALL-GRAN & OLSKN.
HICJHLY respectable private place t-> obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Raldwin Jewelry Store. Sii Market
St.; tel Main im>. Branch 19 Thir.l st.
A— $500,000 on city ana country real estate and
estates: chattel mortrares; notes ami col-
laterals. J. itnowNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to lorrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 1-6 Kearny st., room 9. resj-ectab'.e. privat3
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis SO."..
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BO.N'EIXI, 301 Jcnea St., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan mor.>y to buil-1 with;
small monthly payments. HOME IU'lLDINa
COMPANY, 222 sJar.some St.. room 2.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
lorv rate. 917 Market st.. room 1.
. MONEY loaned saiartc-1 people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; confl-
<1"r>tlal: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor St.
CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
lndorser. MORKELL. 60? Examiner bulldlr.if.
ON furniture. pi;»nos. without removal; no com-
rr.lssicn; private. LICK. 113 McAllister St.
TO salaried people without collateral or to-
gorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 113 Phelan big.
ALL curcha.-ers v i^n ar~SHEKMAiSt
cLAl & CO.'S hJ>« th« privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
thre« years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every; rade to select from;
beautiful new uprtshts S6 cash. J6 per month,
eome good pianos tor ?:. Jv and *i p*r mcr.th.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., STEINWAT
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Franci?co: corr.er Broadway ani Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the larg-est exclusive wholesale
and retail piano hcu?* west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Barfrair.3 ln all standard makes from $C0
to J2M.
AKents for the Peerless Heine. Hallett &
Davis. Hostoc's oktest and most famous piano,
alpo Behr tiros, and 10 other makes.
Pianos rented; r^nt allowed on purchase.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary s*.
! LiEfKER & SON piano- are first class.
Agency. MAI'V.MS'. 1'iJ Market st.
Bt.'Y the best— Decker & Son pianos, estab-
lished ln 1S;G. MAUVAIS ML'SIC CO.. agents.
76'J Market st. -. J " '¦ - • _^
V,'E sell beautiful Arlington pianos for $3no,
on easy installments to suit your convenl-
ence. MAUVAIS'. 7^3 Market st.
A GOOD piano ln pood condition $75
A fine Ha'.Iet & D_vis 140
Fischer, pulendld condition 175
I Shaw. 2 Curtaz. 3 Sterling, slljhtly used,
at sacrifice prices; easy payments. BENJ.
CURXAZ & SON. everythln? ln the musio
line. 16 O'Farrell St.: Chickering agency.
AttiOLUTELY the eldest and largest nous*
west of Chicatro is KuIILER & CHASE'S. 26.
JS and 23 O'Farrall St.: piancs. organs an!
all other musical Instruments of all trades
ad prices; terms eajy; prlcts lowest: «very-
t*iing possible dene to please and satisfy ths
customer.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the worl-J;
making and repairing cf all kln-is of musical
Instruments. Carl C Anderson, 417 Geary St.
JUST received— Two carloads of fine pianos;
special pale rpens Monday: a beautiful piano,
$100. DEWING':?. Flood bulldtnsr.
GOOD square piano. $;0; terms reasonable;
leaving city. MRS. J. T. DAVIS. 500 Jcnes.
ELEGANT Sohmer uprifrht. «rood as new. an.l
other great bargair.s. RKL'EXX, 2CS Post st.
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright: must be soli in 5
days; leavinR city. 321 CloHen Gate ave.
KINE 3-pedal upright piano; sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. S07 McAllister St.
BE in the swim; rent ft new piano for $2 per
month. SCOTT-CUIITAZ CO.. GC) Hayes »t.
A cleaning out or pianos for storage: dirt cheap;
installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. S33 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
r:shts at your own price. Ehonlnser a;ency.
A nAlvGAlN; must be sold; nice uprieiit piano.
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
SOHMER & CO.. tjyron Mauzy. Gabler, Speii-
man and other pianoi. ;0S Post St.
SL'FERIOR violin*, zithprs. old and new. H.
MITLLEH. mak»-r. r"ralrer. 2 Latham p!ac<».
H1C;H-';KACE pianos: St^ck. Hariiman. Con-
over * ntrrera. VT. R AT.T.FTV m . rn Po-t.
OFFICKS AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store and basement: 9J3 Valen-
cia St.. near list; business center; sultabia
for any business.
LARGE elegant store and basement; 333 Va-
lencia St.. near 21st; business center.
$17 — CORNER store: 2 rooms, cellar. 323 Bry-
ant M., between First and Second.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post; tel. Hyde 2333;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Suntlay by appointment.
H. JEROME KOSSELLI. scientific palmist. |Q
Taylor «t.. bet. G>>arv and Post: tel. Clack bQi.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER uses and sells Scheffler's Coloring.
7jc box: he restores hair to natural color at a
rasonable price. 123 Stockton st.
ARE you desirous of finding a reliable place
for all scalp and hair affections; a sood
shampoo and scalp treatment combined for a)
cer.ts: consultation frc*. MRS. E. R. DUN-
LAP, 6 Eddy st.. S. F.. fourth floor.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair.
moles, etc.; references; trial free. 111:53
EATON, 1119 Sutter at.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica. Hair Tonic; extract
of quinine bark; perfectly harmless; very
beneficial; 35c bottle.
HIGHEST prices for cast-off clothing; call or
send postal. S53 Clay at.
MME. ADA. wonderful Rifted healer. 1104 Mar-
ket, r. 3 & 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all nervous diseases!
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. HAY. :«7 Jessie ot.
ELECTRIC Hghta in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 41 Third st., near Market; 7<V) rooms;
23c to $1 50 per nisht; tl SO to $5 r^r week;
free "bus and basrsajre to and from th« ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments: $13 uoward-
II a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market s: *
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Fcamo Shampoo Is the best. 5a
pkg. ; hairdresslnjr latest style- only I3c.
SUITS to order from 115 up on easy payments
The Rlcheheu. 70Q Market St.. near Geary
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tatlor-
lng Co.. I&it Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD KCld, silver, dUmm<i s and preclou3 stonca
bou-ht. J. R. JEXKEL, 317 Market st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by uMni? Tal-
cotfa curling fluid; 25c a bottle: druggist-.
ALFREDUM3 Eeyptlan Henna restores rrav
hair to Its natural color; ti. at all drus~lst»;
CAST-OFF clothing, old eold and silver bou-ht ;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. r,(v, Kearny st
riiysiciAxs ato( spkceoss.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Offlc^ra^d^rTsTde^r
1021U Market *t.. between Sixth and sS"
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
MAGNIFICENT 12-a'c7e~r^v7f
now full cf oranges; ripe next month; with
elegant medern residence, all convenlences-
irood barn, etc.; will see Inquirers by a-ll
polntment for 4 days. E. E.. box 2715. Call.
IKOO-A NICELY Improved 13-acre orchard <.-"l
vineyard, in bearing age; g£? ?™S_* a f^
keeping poultry: or will sell half-Interest i£
same. H. F. BLI.'HSR. Novatof S ' Co"
FINE investment; two-story bulldlnjf In center
of business portion of prosperous mfnlpl
town; always rented: suitable for any bufi 9
ne?s. Address box 2773. Call of flea. N
A £SF RATE P«r-onal knowledge— each nf .v. "
ffi Xrth^n STc^.St.W^
N n « Ik 7 i ™ Ba ln l " ls city
iM. U. felLKELS. the land agent. * Geary Vu
10- A CKE fruit farm, near II»vw-irr»-- t™ '
ments first-clas,; price t^So- tl^,', l ?^ Tov^ > '
Address box 47S4. Call effjee.' " UlU
A WEEK'S news for S cent* t>» ttt_ *.% ~ — "
1 15 pa_e^ to wrapper. S? !£.%LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Sighing Is but another name for oxygen
starvation. The cause of sighing Is most
frequently worry. At Intervals of several
seconds often follows moments of mental
disquietude, during which time the chest
walls remain rigid until the Imperious de
mand is made for oxygen, thus causing
the deep Inhalation, It Is the expiration
following the inspiration that is properly
termed the sigh, and this sigh is simply
an effort of the organism to obtain the
necessary supply of oxygen. The remedy
is to cease worrying. One may be anx
ious, but there is no rational reason for
worrying. A attle philosophy will banish
worry at once. Worry will do no good; it
will rob one of pleasures when blessings
do come, as one will not be In a condition
to enjoy them.— Ladles' Home Journal.
Wliat a Sigh Means.
Of all odd schemes I think the student
barber's shop plan is the queerest. I ran
across one in Boston yesterday— but never
fear. I did not patronize it. You could get
shaved there by a full-fledged barber for
10 cents; if you had only a nickel -you
could get shaved by a member of the
graduating class; if you did not have as
much as that you could get shaved for 3
cents, for 2 cents, and even for 1 cent by
beginners, according to the grade of their
proticiency. In fact, I noticed that from
the lowest class in barberisrn you could
obtain, not only a shave for 1 cent, but a
shampoo for 1 cent and a haircut for 2
cents. Think of the courage of undergo
ing that ordeal.— Boston Journal
Graded Prices for Barbers.
- In France there is a rule by which
horses and mules In excess of needs are
handed over to be fed and cared for. at a
price, to farmers, who agree to reproduce
them in good condition or pay for deteri
oration. In Germany, where horses are
bought between three and six years of
age th'ey are kept at remount depots till
matured. Italy has two horse training
establishments where new purchases are
handled and developed till nt for cavalry
service. In Switzerland the Individual
drawn for the mounted arm Is Intrusted
with the care and custody of his horse till
they are both called up.— London Express.
Horses Well Cared for.
There is one development of newspaper
enterprise— though in some respects the
phrase involves a' wrong description—
which has received but little attention In
this country. Now that the postofflce Is
bestirring Itself in the matter of tele
phones it is quite possible that we may
see a novel departure in the furnishing
of news. There Is such an organization
In Budapest, where It has been in suc
cessful operation for over two years It
has about 6000 subscribers. The service
has a main wire of 168 miles, which is
connected to private houses and various
public resorts. Between 7:30 in tho morn
ing and 9:30 In the evening twenty-eight
editions are spoken into the transmitter,
ten men with loud, clear voices acting as
speakers in shifts of two. The news Is
classified and' given In accordance with a
regular programme, so that any subscriber
knowR when to expect the kind of news
of interest to himself. A short summary
of all important Items Is given at noon
and again at night, and subscribers are
entertained with music and lectures in
the evening.— St. James Budget.
Unique News Service.
Men In large cities either do not marry
at all or wait until late In life. This Is
the reason why people In small towr>3
marry young: Two people commence w;o
inj? together. Within a month the gos
sips befdn cnmmentlnp on whet, a nlct
couple they are and predicting that they
will marry. Things drift along this way
until the gossips become Impatient and
then they begin abusing the man and Bay
that he Is Just fooling the girl and w?Ii
cast her aside. The s:rl hears of this,
tells her lover and suggests that the.v
marry. The man gets mad at the gossips
and marries the girl. Marriages are not
made in heaven. They are made by the
gossips in a sma,ll town. Not one man 'n
ten wants to marry. The average man is
In love with his liberty, independence and
lack of responsibility, so if the girls want
to mar ry they may consider the gossii;3
their faithful allies.— Early (la.) News.
Gossips as Match Makers.
The pressure has risen over the country west
of the Rocky Mountains. It is highest off the
Washington coast and lowest in Southern Ari-
Thf temperature has fallen over Oregon,
Eastern Washington and Eastern Arizona;
eltewbere It has risen.
The weather Js cloudy over Washington and
Oregon and clear In other districts. Light rain
has fallen In portions of Arizona and in West
ern Washington.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, endinsr midnight, October 15, 1900:
Northern California— Fair Monday; light
northvrcst wind. .
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
west v.-lnd.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah — Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday; warmer In northern
j-ortloc. "' ,
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
11k ht northwest wind.
G. H. WTLLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
SAN FP.ANCISCO. Oct. 11—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reuorted from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 60 Los Angeles "2
Mount TamalpalB 63 Sacramento 76
Independence "4 San Luis Obispo 70
Red JJlufr. 7«;San Dlcco 66
Fresno 76;
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
63: minimum, 31; mean, 67.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
(120th meridian— Paciflc time.)
Weather Report.
Porterhouse steaks have gone out of
fashion, according to one of the uptown
butchers who supplies meat to a lot of. the
families in the fashionable districts on
Riverside drive and We3t End avenue.
For years and years the porterhouse steak
has been considered the best cut of beef
and has fetched the highest price. Now
the demand is for the Delmonico steak,
which is the porterhouse with the bit of
tenderloin cut out of It. A dislike for
the tasteless bit of tenderloin seems to
have developed unless the tenderloin Is
served separately, either as a roast or
fixed up as one of the fancy steaks that
the accomplished chef knows how to pre
pare. There Is more flavor to the sirloin,
and so the demand Is for either the bone
sirloin, as it is called, or the Delmonico
steak, which follows it in the carving of
a "critter."- This fancy has generally put
out the butchers, who have now to find a
new way to carve their meats to advan
tage. Even when the tenderloin is cut
away from the bone it is said by the
dealers to be the hardest piece of the
beef to now dispose of to advantage. —
New York Times.
New Style in Steaks.
"Halt of the people who wear glasses
and complain that their sight Is gradually
diminishing owe the idea to dirty glasses,
remarked an optician. "Spectacles and
eyeglasses are much benefited by a bath
now and then, as people are. It Is strange
how many people there are who think
that by wiping their glasses now and then
they keep them clean. The fact is they
want a bath just as frequently as does a
human being. Tou see, it is this way:
The face, and especially the eyes, all the
time give oft a fine vapor. This clings to
the glasses and the dust collects on them.
As soon as they become dean — that Is,
apparently clean— the wearer is satisfied.
So the process goes on. But while wiping
the glasses cleanses them and is neces
sary, a bath is also required. Every time
the glasses are wiped a fine film of dirt
is left on them, and this gradually accum
ulates, and no wiping will clean ft off. In
time this coating gets quite thick enough
to blur the vision, even though at a glance
the glasses may appear clean. When this
occurs the sight Is diminished and they
come to me or some other optician. What
they ought to have done was to give the
glasses a bath in warm water, well scrub
bing them with a small toothbrush and
soap, and afterward wipe them. This
should first be done with chamois leather
and then with tissue paper to polish
them."— Boston Transcript.
Eyeglasses Need a Bath.
For more than sixty years the existence
of the Boers has been the epic of continu
ous and immense adventure, in which
nothing has been so amazing as the last
struggle and the final defeat. There is no
such example of a hard and stubborn peo
ple, dimly led by destiny, in their flight
from civilization, to revolve in a circle
which brought them back at last face to
face with the most overwhelming environ
ment of all theMdeaa and forces of civil
ization, in the shape of the British empire.
When the Dutch farmers resolved upon
their exodus from Cape Coldny and
plunged with their long teams of lumber
ing oxen and cracking wagons into the
wildernesses of the north, wandering over
veldt and mountain, tnrough bush and
river, seeking from decade to decade for
some further home and abiding rest fro"m
their pilgrimage, and fighting their steady
path as a handful against hordes through
a thousand miles of savage continent, the
Boers commenced a story of heroism not
to be equaled out of Exodus. It will never
be adequately described, if not by the pen
of some second De Quinc^y in pages of
such supreme eloquence and power as
those which immortalized the flight of the
Tartars. — London Telegraph.
Passing of the Boers.
A correspondent sends me the follow
ing anecdote, which any student of the
canine species will readily appreciate. Sht
says: "Out in cne of the suburbs of Bos
ton there lives a bulldog ¦who has often
proved himself worthy of respect and ad
miration.. He has an extremely social
nature, evincing th*» utmost pleasure in
the society of superior man and that of
his own race, and assumes the role of a
genial host on occasions with marked
success.
Recently he has attained to a degree of
recently he has attained to a degree of
generosity hitherto unsuspected by his
nearest and dearest friends. A few day.s
since he was seen trotting busily down
the street in his usual free and airy man
ner; everybody knows him in the place,
partly because of his Interesting person
ality, and also because he has lived there
since his earliest puppyhood, and an ob
server instantly thought something im
portant was on his mind. Presently be
returned as he had gone, but bringing
with him a companion of about his .owr
pize, another bulldog, whom he conducted
with much ceremony to a retired spot in
the garden where reposed a- delicious
heap of beef bones. It goes without say
ing that the guest required no special
urging to partake of the Irresistible ban
quet, and he fell to with great gusto,
while his host demonstrated his ability to
sit by and watch the proceeding's, not
only calmly, but with a smiling counte
nance, every atom of his small body
evincing: keen pleasure at the satisfaction
of his friend, who crushed and gnawed
those bones to matter. Xo mean moral
feat that. This done, the little fellow still
further enacted the attentive host by
escorting the stranger to his home. In
view of such facts as these, it seems that
persons who are prone to deny the exist
ence of reason In animals, preferring to
label it blind instinct, may be obliged to
reconsider the matter."— Boston Herald.
CANINE ENTERTAINER.
Invited His Friend to a Banquet of
Beef Bones and Stood by While
the Feast Proceeded.
United States bonds are printed by the
bureau, for coupon bonds are constantly
being exchanged for registered bonds
which have to be In the names of the new
purchasers. It Is said In one year this
bureau does work which represents a sum
equal in value to all the money in circula
tion in the United States.
There Is a $100 stamp printed and It took
55.000 of them to satisfy popular demand.
Last year 3,000,000 stamps were issued for
the internal revenue tax. Cuba got over
18.000,000 postage stamps last year; -»Porto
Rico and the Philippines 4,000,000. while
Guam applied for and got 45,000.
This bureau last year produced 3,715,828,
875 postage stamps. Three and a half bil
lions of these were the ordinary stamps,
but 200.000,000 were Issued to celebrate the
Omaha Exposition. There were 16,000.000
postage-due stamps printed and 6,000,000
special-delivery stamps.
From the desperate haste In which bank
notes are turned out at the bureau of
engraving and printing at Washington
the casual observer might think the coun
try .was going to be flooded with paper
money. Such Is not the case. It takes
$1,000,000 in paper money every day to re
deem the worn-out bank bills sent to
Washington by. the banks of the country-
Then it takes nearly $12,000,000 a month
to redeem the circulating notes of national
banks.
Money, Banks and Stamps.
Student— Which is correct. "Cream
cheese Is one of the best dishes there 13."
or "Cream cheese is one of the best dishes
there are"?
Professor— Neither. I don't like cream
cheese." — Somervllle (Mass.) Journal.
The question of the registration of trade
marks has been taken up also by United
States Consul Freeman at Copenhagen,
who says that in order that an American
firm may get a trade mark registered In
Denmark it is necessary to have the same
registered in the United States.
"A prompt action," says the Consul,
"should be taken by American manu
facturers to prevent the appropriation of
their trade marks by unscrupulous firms."
The Consul General says that the ob
vious course of all American exporters Is
to have their name and trade mark duly
registered in Germany before exporting
any kind of merchandise covered by a
well-known name to that country.
There are other instances of these
fraudulent appropriations, and the abuse
ha« become so notorious as to elicit the
remark from a" leading German patent
attorney that "the effect of the law Is to
legalize and facilitate the theft of a
trade mark."'
As an instance of how readily such a
provision can be abused, several years
ago, when American bicycles began to be
Imported into Germany, certain persons
interested in the Berlin bicycle trade got
trade marks of two or three American
makers registered in their own names
and either i obliged the legal American
owners of the trade marks to buy them
off— in other words, to pay a species of
blackmail — or suffer a loss of trade. ,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.-A very pecu
liar, provision of the German law for the
registration • of trademarks Is not Infre
quently used to the great and unjust ad
vantage of Americans and other foreign
ers, according to a report to the State .De
partment by Consul General Mason at
Berlin. Under the German statute any
person may register and secure right to
any name or device used as a trade
mark which has not been registered pre
viously in Berlin by some other firm or
person. In other words, the officials be
fore whom the application is brought
make no inquiry to ascertain whether tne
applicant has authorized the proposed
trade mark or has any right to it, but
only concern themselves as to whether
it has been registered in Germany. Tho
latter point settled, it is admitted to
registration without further inquiry.
Consul General at Berlin Calls the
Attention of the Manufac
turers to the
Fraud.
Unscrupulous GermansTake
' Advantage of Lax
Laws.
TRADEMARKS OF
AMERICANS ARE
BOLDLY STOLEN
It may be stated that durlnr the years in
which the course of wages declined the rates
of 1891 and 1892 In many Instances remained
unchanged and In like manner during the la^t
years, In which the general course of wages
has been upward, the wages In these Instances
have not of course responded to the general
rise. In other instances the per cent was no
tably large during the. years of depression,
while during the last two years of the period
the reverse is true and a much larger increase
really took r>lace than that Indicated by the
table. In other words, wages in some Instances
show but little fluctuation, while In other In
stances they are much more sensitive, respond
ing quickly to general "conditions of depression
or activity. The average condition or general
level only 13 shown In the table and while, for
the reasons stated, the fluctuations during the
period have not been so great as popular opin
ion would Indicate, the figures for 1899 and 1^00
show a gratifying average Increase Over the
condition of 1SS1 and 1S92, when wages In gold
were higher than at any period In the history
of the country prior to the present year.
The bulletin concludes as follows
Relative! Relative
Year. Waees.iTear. "Wages.
1591 10O.0O1896 97.83
1592 100.301897 9S.96
1893 93.32 U?J 98.70
1&94 93.06,1839 101.54
1S95 97.88,1900 103.43
WASHINGTON', Oct. 14.— Carroll D.
Wright, Commissioner of Labor, has
Issued a bulletin giving a summary of
data In a previous, publication on "trusts
and industrial combinations," - showing
the rate of wages in various occupations
for a period extending back -In most cases
from the present year to 1S91.« The data
was secured directly from the payrolls of
establishments in all sections of the
country. The information contained per
tains to 143 establishments, representing
twenty-six industries and '192 occupations.
Those items for which data for the whole
period were not given were excluded
from consideration in the summary. All
the data included, except those for min
ing, relate to manufacturing industries,
the data relating to steam railways and
street railways having been excluded
from the industry. 1'ne bulletin says
that while the data from which the table
of wages was prepared does not afford
the basis for a strictly scientific calcu
lation of relative wages, a careful examin
ation of the figures leads to the belief
that they are fairly representative and
undoubtedly approximate verv closely the
actual conditions of the whole country.
The summary shows as follows, the
average wages of 1S91 being taken as a
basis and representing 100: •
Steady Growth in Wages of Work
ing-men Since McKinley As
sumed the Presidential
Chair.
Commissioner Wright's Re
port an Argument for
Republicanism.
INCREASE IN
EARNINGS OF
THE LABORER
A Smith. Ynba City -I
W R Southard. N Y '
M E McGrath, Denver I
A F Narle. S Rosa
A H Jartnan. S Jose
M Sholl. O^den
W F Booth. Oakland
C Curtis. Maine
B F Hall. S Rosa
H Smyth. S Lorenzo
J B Hlgglns. Cal
W P Plerson. Ala
H Kinsell. S Lorenzo
T E Belva, S Lorenzo
E A Smith. Stanford
J H Graham. Cal
B P Barker. Ljvermre
E H Hunt. L Ang '¦
E L Frye, L Ang
F Parker & f. L Ang 1
Dr Sexton & w, L An«c!
C F Youn~. L Ang
J F Leftwlck. L. Ang
J F Stan ton. L. Ang !
J B Cooper. Oxnard .
H E Williams. S Jo*
J T Carlisle. Boston !
S H Browr.. Fresno
R Bodrr.ar. & -v. L. a
L Solomon, Fresno
F B Warner, L Ang
C Davis. N Y
N Foster. St Paul
T Eskridsre. St Paul
A Oppenhelmer. St PI
Mrs R James. Pa
Miss A James. Pa
Miss E James. Pa
E W Van Houten. Cal
H Malloch. Marysvlile
C B Conn & w. Sacto
J Andrews & w. Sacto
W L Coulter. Nevada
J Trewartha & w, Cal
C Kingsley, Red Blutt
C Weatherwax. Cal
T J Smith & w. Cal
W T Scott. L. Ar.rr
C O King. S L Obispo
A B Canfleld. L Ang
J H Pattee. L Ar.g
W T Georse. Sacto
F Hart. O^den
A J Neale. Berkeley
D Patten. NaDa
Mrs Horine. Palo Alto
T H E\-ans. Arbuckle
C A Foster. Lowell
C F Atwood, Stockton
J Blllior.. St Johns
W H Moore. Vacaville
J Prather & fr. Cal
T L. Kno-k. Willows
Miss L, Thayer. Colusa
Mr> V.'Usor. Colusa
0 C Linen. N Y
T Rutlcage. <v>!u"<a
E T Crane. Colusa
J H Rrowplrs. Colusa.
J \V Worden. Dawson
PALACE HOTEI
F S Hunt & w, Sacto
M H Well. N Y
J A Dlxon. N Y
T F Richmond. N Y
G Alexander. B C
G Blehistetn {-. w. N Y
G L Belcher. Oakland
W H Ryan. N Y
H Hubbard. Stanford
P Rockey. Stanford
J E McDowell. U S N
n E Howard. Stanford
J S Packlnson. Stanfrd
C C Seeley. Stanford
H B Taylor, Oakland
P H Boullard. Cal
L C Black San Jose
J O I>irc!es <fc w. Nev
J F Farraher. Yreka
A W Church, Ohio
F L Lanasran, M'nn
Dr W B Kibley. Iowa
Miss Edmunds. Mich
R C Rogers. & Barbara
C A Fernald.S Barbara
H Arr.oyarna. Japan
J II Br<-x«ter & w.Cal
Mrs E K Mayse, Cal
C I, Miller * w. Pa
J Robinson, Ensrlar.il
O S Brewer. Hartford
H'B Wood & w. i- Jc.se
D S Ccne. Red Bluff
X R Green & w. N Y
A W Kelly. Berkeley
J H Ptabody. cai
W A Sherman. Utah
H Mo-?. Pa
T B Wilcox & w. Or
W W Comer. Seattle
E C Mis. N Y
J E Tl*nK S Barbara
A Taylor & w. Cal
F Hosier & w. Mass
Miss M^sley. Mass
A F Jones. Oroville
W C Hammond. Cai
E H Clark. Boston
J R Phillies. Stockton
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
J M Potter. Seattle
W Moore & w. L Angr
T Fay. Vallejo
M Cleary. Boston*
J Scott. Madera
R Talfer. Crocketts
E Conlyn. Cincinnati
A Sylvester. S Rosa
C Scott. Vallejo
G Gleason, Stockton
E Hansen. Chicago
H Thompson, St Ijouis
C G Allen, Newman
M Roberts & w, Cal
Miss A Stanley. Oal
Mrs Knight. Lcs An?
W Nleman. Sacto
D Finnle. Ariz
A Honkel & fy. Chic
J*C Laws. St Louis
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEt ARRIVALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1900.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct U-Stmr Horta, for
China.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
- Sunday. October 14.
U 8 stmr Pathfinder: Gilbert, 9 days and 18
hours from Dutch Harbor.
ARRIVED.
9
Santa Fe
Trains— Da»y
Lea»» Usjkst-mtraet Ferry X»epo«.
LTt. £an Francisco. $:00 a ta 4:10 p m{ 1:00 p a
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m:7:U p m 11:05 p ra
" Mrrced 1:43 P ta ¦ 1:^ a c«
" Fresno _ 4:S0 p m J:« » a
*• Vl»alla ........ C:CO p m *:50 a ra
- Tniare CC p m S:U » k>
" Hanford 5:33 pm T:M a m
•• Bakirsaeld ... >:Wpn 7.tt»»
•* Denver 15:00 a in ¦
•• Kansas CJty... S:13 p m
•* Chlcaso 7:O a m
» ft. m. train U the Overland Exp.-fsv Con—
¦ponding tram arrtvei at » ;¦. ci. daily.
4:19 p. m. is Stockton Loc-aL CcrraoindLac
train arrives 1149 a. m. dally.
g:00 p. m Is Fresno and Dike.-sfleM Etrr'n.
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Corrcaptnd*
lnc train arrives at S a. ra. dally.
OFFICES— W Marltft «t. and In Ferry Depot*
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
rinr S12 First CIjss Including Berth
IMni. $8Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 1J, 13, Nov. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. 20. 33
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Affent.
630 Market street,
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. 1
Superintendent!.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner iFlr«t and Brannan ftreet?. at 1 p. rn..
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanehai. and
cr.nnectlng at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
Of galling.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October K 13C«
SS. HONGKONG MARC
Tuesday. November 13. l?00
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday, December t. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fcr
freieht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TOES. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PA2I3.
Stopping at Cherbounr. westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Oct. 17!St. Paul Nov. 7
St Louis Oct. I4'St. Lnuls Xov. 14
New York Oct- 31 New York Nov. 17
RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ....Oct. 17 Frlesland Nit. 7
KenMnKton Oct. S4 Southwark Nov.lt
Noordland Oct. Zl\ Xov. 17
For fraleht and palace apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery at. Or any of Its agents.
:OUPAGN23 GENERALS TP.ANSATLA5TIQUZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday. «nstea.l of •<*Ijg53
Faturday from November 2. 1S99. at *J«£?«H»h
10 a m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE. Oct. IS; LA
rjRETAGNE. Oct. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
I" L"AQU1TAINE Nov. S. First class to Harre.
J"5 and upward. Second class to Havre. *!2 Z0
and vzScnr*. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. K Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 3 Montgomery
0CEA>1C S. S. CO.-HONOT-irHJ, APIA
AUCKLAND AXD SYDM2V.
SS QUEEN (Honolulu only)
.;... Wednesday. October 17, : p. m.
«S ALAMEDA to New Zealand and Aus-
tralia Wednesday. October 31, 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti
Thursday. November 1, 6 d. ra.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market 3t
Pier 7. Foot Pacif-c 5>L Frticht Office. 327 MarfcM SL
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:1a, 8:30 p. m. rex. Thurs. ntshl); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:3O: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing an-1 office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 13C1
FARE 50c
aDr.GibDon's Dispensary,
HlIoatAiiAfi *»i £uaD!!sbed
in l»a* tor thetrjatmentot Prl»aU
Diaessea. Lost Manhood Debilicyor
nlaea9«<»earin«; on body and mmu at>d
>kln Diseases. Tb€ floctorcnreswoen
ntberstaiL Try him. Charter iow
Cnrencnnrantrri Callorwrlta
Dr. J. r «iIBBO.V H»x l»57.Saa i- rasciacc
railroad Travel.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San FrancUco. via Saasallto Ferry
WEEK DAYS — 9:1S a. m.; J:« and 4:00 D m
SUNDAYS. ..r... .8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 O.
; NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
I Ticket Of3ces, C21 Market et, SatMaJlto Ferry.
nOOMS AXD BOARD.
BOARD end rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
rison.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel: very sunny !
rooms; fine table. 1604 California st. i
FRANKLIN, l.'lI-A private family (3 adults);
larpe Bunny roon. grate: suitable for 1 or i
petsens: mo-3erate to desirable parties.
VAX NESS ave., SCO— Nicely furnished front
roome. with K>ard. use parlor, piano, phone.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
EAD tenants ejected for Jl; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
4:5 Montgomery et., rocras 8-10; tel. 5553.
SEWIXC M.VCII!.\i:s AXD SCPPLIES.
ALL kir.Ss brught, fjs\&.. rented, exchar.frei; re-
pairing towtat rates; eper. even. 2'» Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
thuttleg; reduced rates. 143 6th; phone Mint 45.
AI.L. kind's boujrht. sold and repairing guaran-
f-od. Charles P!amb<»ck, 1915 MiE5ion. nr. '5th.
I
| STORAGE AXD WAHEHOISES.
2EKINS Van and Ftcrage Co.. 722 Mission Et. ;
tel. Main 1S<C; rtUpptng at cut rates.
VTILSON PR^S.. FtorattP end moving; covered
var.s. T»;nth and Market: r>hcne South 7C2.
PACIFIC Stonga and Furniture Moving Com-
I'ar.y. I^i Fillmore St.; rhone Jackson LM.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT ani sold; new and s»eond-han4; large I
display; vyy ch^an. it' Market, room CO. '
TYPEWRITERS AND SLPI'LIBS.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS?— We
¦ell better machines for less rr.nney than any
house In the city; rental*. $3. The Typewriter (
Exchange. ?36 (California; telephone Main £65. I
ALWAYS barpalns in typewriters: any make, j
Write fcr prices tr> L. & M. ALEXANDER,
IP llor.tgr.mery st. !
DIVIUEXD XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. S4 (2r,c per
fharf) r.t the Hutchinsrn Suuar Plantation
Company will l<e uayable at the office of the
company. No. 227 Market st,. en and after '
Saturday, October 2", l? r .H). Transfer bonks i
will close on Saturday. October 13. 1900. at 12 |
o'clock m. K. H. SHELDON.. Secretary, j
LEGAL, ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE— Taxes du» upon ass?«srnpnts made
by the f-tate Board of Equalization— Control-
ler's Per»rtment, State of California, Sac-
rair.ento. October 9, 1300. — In accordance with
the provision* of Section 3C6S of the Political
Code, notice is hereby given that I have re-
ceived from the State Board of Equalization i
the "Duplicate Record of Assessments of '
Railways" and the "Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment of Railway Assessments," con-
taining the assessments upon the property of
each cf the following named associations or
corporations, ae fixe.1 by said State Board of
Equalization for the year, 1900. to- wit:
Central Paciflc Railroad Company. South I
I Pacific Ccast Railroad Company, Southern Pa- i
j ciflc Railroad Company. Southern California '
! Motor Road Company. Carson and Colorado ]
I Railroad Company. California Northwestern •
' Railway Company < lessees San Francisco and
i North Paciflc Railrrad). ixr.'.i Fe Pacific Rail- I
j road Company. San FrarWsco and San Joaquin j
j Va'.lev Railway Company, Southern California |
I Railway Company, North Paciflc Coast Rail- i
i road Company. Pacific Coast Railway Com- '
I pany, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Rail-
' road Crn-.^any, Nevada County Narrow- i
Gaupe Railroad Company. Nevada-California- >
Oregon Railway Company. Alameda and San
Joaiuln Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
Company of California. Ran<!«burg Railway
Company. Cualala River Railroad Company,
¦ Sierra Valleys Railway Company, California i
' and Nevada Railroad Company. San Francisco I
¦ and San M-iteo (Electrl.-) Railroad Company ]
! ani Pullman's PaJace Car Company.
; The State and county taxes on all personal ]
; property, and or.e-ha!f cf the State and county I
I tajtfs on all r«?al property are now due and !
i payable, and will be delinquent on the last
. Monday in November next at i o'clock p. m , '
I and unless paid to th* State Treasurer at the ¦
'. Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be r.ddej i
] to the am-unt thereof, ar.d unless so paid on
: cr before the laf=t Monday in April next, at 6 I
I o'clock p. m.. an additional o per cent will
bfl added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the State and j
county taxes en all real property will be due •
and payable at any time after the first Mon- !
day la January next, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock !
p. rn.. and unless paid to the State Treasurer. ;
at the Capitol, prior thereto, o per ctnt will ;
be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGA.V. Controller.
TO whom it may concern: Notice is hereby '
£iven that I have disposed of all my interest in
thv» Leepalmer Restaurant, 21S Mason st. and
:S7 O'Fari>»!l *t.. to W. B. MILISICH and |
PETER MIPHIVICH. who have <ibligaied I
themselves to pay all ci editors. I am not re- i
fpor.sible fcr any of the debt? of either of the |
faid restaurants. MILAN J. SOSICH. ]
Pa^d Qct^bfr li. IV*. j
PROPOSALS.
6EALED proposals will b* received at the of- I
flee of Henshaw. Bulkley & Co.. 4S Fremont :
*t.. San Frar.cit"-o. Cal.. until 12 o'clock noon, j
OCTOBER 13TH. 1900. for furnishing free of !
expense o f delivery, at Honolulu, H. T.. the
following machinery.
Bidder? to state time required to make de- j
livery, and to furnish explicit Fpecincatlona
of what they propose twmlmhtng:
One double cylinder, double friction drun: !
hoistir.K er.ffir.e. complete with boiler; engine j
to be similar In design and size to machTtie ;
ir.ustr?t?d and r!»s<-ribed on pa»r?>s 34 and 3o ¦
of the Arr,er1c.-in Hoist and Derrick Co.s cat- '
alcirue. lsr-5-'6 edition.
Ab a substitute fcr the above, bids will j
aJfo b<? received for a double, cylinder, double
friction drum hnlstir.fr eneine. complete with !
boiler: engine to te similar In design and ;
size to enfrlne number 2*. Illustrated and de- :
•cribed on pages 20 and of the American :
Hoist and Derrick Co.'s catalogue, lSSo-*6 I
edition.
J. A. MeCANDLESS. Superintendent of
PuhTlc Works. Hopoluhi. H. T.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Hirth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed 1
In at either of the publication offices and be j
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
HOAG-In this city, September 17, 1500, to the j
wife of J. K. Hoa?. a daughter.
VALENTINE— In this city. October 7, 1900, to I
the wife of Bennle Valentine, a daughter. *j
, DIED.
Blarh. Johanna Porter. Dorothy L.
•¦'urtls. Mary M. Jittman, James A.
Omnolly. Daniel Rich. LouiR
Pi^erich. August Ryan, Mark J.
F.wlr.p. Chesney W. Fmith. David C.
Hall. Isaac R. Schmeser. Caroline
J«n*-9. Charles E. SonntaK. I^ouise
Kahrs. Alma B. ?;x»dier. Klla
Kelly. Tobias J. Bulllvan. Matthew J, •
Llcy'd, Grace T. . Ruhr, Christ H.
Mar.r.ing. Matilda Thorstensson. L'.se K.
McEi!!irott. James Tuck. I'rof. J. H. L.
Newhail. EmericeneE. Vnsinn. Aloyslus
Oliri'en. Uaniel Wong Suey
BLACH— In this city. October 13, 1300, Jo-
hanna. lx»Inved wife of lJr. Charles Blach. i
i nr-jther of Mrs. Colman Rlach and ll«rt and j
Flora Blach. aged (.2 years 3 months and a I
E7Frlenda a.iJ acquaintances are respect- ¦
fu!iy invited to attend the fur.eral to-morrow ;
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family :
; residence. IS1J Ellis street. Interment Ham* ¦
! of I-ea«? Cemetery, by ildl a. m. train from
Third and Town?en-1 struts.
[CURTIS-In th:?"rity. October U. 1?00, Mary i
St.; wife of Joscpli F. Curtis, and mother of !
; Jessie. Dempwy anrl El wood Curtis, a native
I of Illinois, need 23 years.
CyNct:ce of funeral hereafter.
CONNOLLY- In this city. October 13. 1300<
L>anlel, belcved husband of Mary Connolly, |
i ar.d fattier of John, Joseph and Frank Con- '
nolly. Mrs. It. Reid. Mrs. H. St. Clair. Mrs. I
R. BiMnur and Mrs. A. O'Conncll. a native I
of County Cork, Ireland, aged 6s years 7 j
i month? and 5 days.
CT Friend* ar.d acquaintances are respect- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral this day t
(Monday), at S:43 o'clcxk. from his late resi- j
! <3»nc«». 411 Harrison street, thence to St. t
lircnian's Church, corner Fremont and Har- i
rifon t-treets, v.-her* 1 a Mlemn requiem hiRh J
raays will be celebrated for the repose of his |
! ecu!, commencinir at 3 o'clock. Interment j
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DIEDERICH— In this city. October 13, 1900, !
August Uioderich. bt-loved brother of Mrs. j
V.\ D. K«*lly. Mrs. Sophie V.'lenecke, Mrs. j
Minnie \Vlcdenheller and Chris, Henry. Fred
and William Diederlch. a native of Kentucky,
aeed 41 years 5 months and 26 days.
EWING-ln this city. October 13. 1300. Chcsney
V.'. Ewlnz. beloved brother of Stanley Ew-
injr. a native of Michigan, aged 24 years.
r-T'The funeral bervices will take place
th:s day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlora
of Haisterl & Co., V45 Mission street. Inter-
ment private.
HALL— In this city. October 14. 1900. Isaw: R.
Hall a. native of Fallsbuor. New Tork, aged
00 yearn 10 months and 19 days. .
tn7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monflay. at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1422 Laguna street. Interment private.
No flowers.
lit.NRY «J. GALLAGHER CO..
«£uccr«or to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL. I*. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FTN-EriAJ- iJIliECTOKS AND E11UALMEI13.
i-J Fifth *t.. opposite Lincoln acbool.
Telej-bone South 80. .
AlcAUOY •& CO.. I
JTCXERAX. DIRECTORS & E1IBAL.MEE3, I
¦ 1233 Mark, t ct., between fcth and 9: to. I
Telcrhone Eouth 247. |
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•»oi ti:i:k> •-«« i>'!« ««».m*.A!*T.
(rAcino STMTm, v
Trains l^t»»» xu<l nr*> a«t«» •«• nrrtu m
MAN »'tc • >«'IH«'«>.
(Main lane. Foot H -Mark'-'! Street?
U*TX — FKOJi <;CT0BrR 1, 12C3. — ARB1T3
•T:O«a Kenicia. S.iUmi. K'.3i:nk Vacarille.
R.;li..*. j And -*t T ..:i~:-r-< '~;t.tf
*IsO<»a St»»ta K.-.vr-sa - I'htj W f^iao:s(for
Kartlett Sprio$s>, VViJows. T.eU
lSlufl. IV/LAad. *7:«r
•I :'t» \ Mx:U:.e/. -~> n. i:*»;. :i. V »¦;-;••. N*;-*,
Calist.ga.»i..l S.nti !:.» i •O:l"»p
•S:O»a DaTU. VV. ¦»).«.;.'.. KuiiUts L*u.'.:c<.
>l»rjs»iiie «>ru»ii!e •7il.tp
•1:O«» A!l»Ltl- l.i!>resn-<;gdeii »;i 1 Em< *13:n?
•K:O«»\ Kile*. Tricy, l^throp, Sujckton »tf:134
••.:[«•» .San .»u««. l.itrruiulo, ntucKhMi.
Int, Imiminlin riiwr»IU»-.
jNrjiTiiir. ctiteo. i:<xi iuiitr "Itinr
•«:lt»» OakiU>, Chtnna, Sor.ora. Carters... *-i:l,1p
*U:«M>« I'.iyiiarn HUrSUkl W«f SUtioni. • 11:15*
*U:UU« Ln« ADiCCies Ki.t-<- Mwiin
* Tr*cj. l*»Uir"p. m«<.-ictou. Mcrcrd
Vrirtno »»U I.ua Ance'e* *Til."»r
•!»:*«»* V»U.-v». Mwduna »i..i «V« r 4utlmi« •,'Jil.lp
•iu:i»o. Ta-O*erUii<llin(te<J-t)gd0D. Dan-
ter. l»ni»h.v t'hieattf'i ••:13#
•1I:OU* NU-a. -'• c«t >ii. -».:r«.n-ir.-. Jin..
dols. Freaso. ll^.i r I. VUaUa.
< Purtrrtilio # -ltia»
•1I:OO» LiTenn^re, Sir?»r. Gewhsn Juac-
tion. VJiicTsr 1 . ¦;.;, Los Ar.ycles
•I3:i>»n lU;nar<i«. Nucaand Waj auUuni, *2:l5r
tliOOf h m »i»viiU« l:i.r. SLnnmK fS:On A
•:t.»«»i- M*j.r*.-,li. N :¦ t »-i.| Vtj HUtlonf. M:l5f
•-itOOr M lulur-, San K»m V i..r;\
Nnpi. C»!:«fri K », HiuiUKota 'UjIT*
•liOUr Bcuicia, V/cten. Sactaiuonto,
\". .. .; f»..,l. lu.itl.ii LanilluK,
• W«ijMiriiLtt—itll» a IO:434
MsSnrNtie*. San. i.de will. Suiekton »7iiay
•3;««pT;o Owl l.i:niteil-Tr»CT, Fieino.
iU»-rii;.-;.:. ><;¦/.¦.£:.» fur Suit* Cu-
b«r». U,i Airgclts. Mft:l.i4
•3:*or Pv>ckton -ai-»3*
•3:«wr New Uil--aax Ejtur-jm — H»keti;il«!iJ.
; .t« l:-rl.4r». Ia<* AngrlsS. 1>T. -
Imv. £1 l»-.. Ue« (kJMI aud
K«ut # 7i<:»»
•«>oop 1U ,i,,!., M<e9»ndUaii Jou 'Til:**
<O:OOi- Vall^j.. *1 3: 1 a r
•(SiO»r Oriental Hmll-Oc.'.aii. Cbejenne.
Omaha. (Jblogii 'l»:Mr
••:«Op Orien*! Mail— UgJea. Deotsr.
O!n*i..i. C'hicysi» 'ijlSp
•7:»O» Nlies. Tr»cy, L»tirop. Stocktoa.... m f-t:lS*
•7>our OffK.iu aiut CUUoroU i:xi-fua.M«o.
niillMlw. M.iij..,:'-. UeiMfiig,
r..rtlmi.l. Piig-i MoiiihI .xi: \ Km: # »:13a
t9>«3p V»l!eJ.. Tort OciU and Way Bta-
tl jll'»>;
COkSft IMTIMtM ITfTfW !!¦¦£¦).
¦ (Foot «.t M.rkct Strert.i
•b:I.>a Net»ark.t>iitirtlI!^,Sau.)o«o, Frit.)ti,
K'li!.:, rC»-eU.>4i.t»ff'iii::.l',V»j
HUtiuii» •••••*
t*il3r Newiuk. OntervIUf. San .l<*e, N w
AlniU'tuit, Frltou, ItonMer inn,
Hi::' i Cm a:.a rriacl^si Wa;
Stail.nn \.~-.i1k
-•€il."»r Newark. Han Joae. Loa Gafos •»;.•»•*
Bll:13rH3S(en' Kx-tiriicn, San Joa« asd
WaySUttona j':2»r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSll rumO-M tl H»k»t KnatlfOstV-
•7:15 »00 11:00a. H. 1113 *2 33 11 :i
M:C3 15S3 *t.ZZr.».
friBiflilUHB— r«t»rEfj.i««T.— -0:00 8:09 10.00*.*.
t:2:C: -1:53 12:53 'VZZ »* S3 •3:33r.ii.
<°(l.tST IIIVINMCS ;l;roa>l lun^,.
CnilrJat^'fownnTiilSt*.)
tn:l«>\ Ocean Vi«ir. South Man ¥ txueivxi . . 7<Ss3<><>
•tsOO* Nan Ji>.<« U...I "7«j St»li. n» «Neir
Alml'l.i ¦¦•.¦».]¦, --.l*i» ....;! •I:3l»f
•9tOO« San .!.*•. Trea Tiuoa. HMSta Cruz,
» 1'aeilic tirote. I'm ¦ I'uldea, Nwi
l.in« Ml.ini.u. .«mrf, Lo.-opoc aud
1'riiieli.al Waj MUt>MI •«;!«»*
•l»ilit* Ran Jose an. I vr, T stationa. •«::{.*!«
•I !::(!>» s H ii .l,i«e autl Wa- station* *3:aop
Y*:l?>r ,s»n ?.Jat?n, UrUwiod. Meulo Park,
Palo Alto. SantaCIara. Man .!<>««.
Tres I'inos. ftaata CnoE, Saiiuaa.
\l.r.-. -ir) *.. i r«aM«CbaM tl»:H«4
t>::ia r San.loioand Way rieaiions *7tMmw
tl:l.'»l- B— J— mm! Principal Wa; fttltio— ¦* 134
t.1:U0pS4:i Jo«-. Los vla-.jj and Triiicipal
Way SUtiona *»:f>»»
•StSOr San .!<«<• aii'l Prinshial \\»y Sla:iou« *»«:3T*
¦«::i»f San Ji«ac ami Way Mtationa t1:«« t
1ll:4.">r Sa;i .li-s- .m.t War lltwllmi ...*. # 7:3o?
A tor MuiTiiii; 1* fur A ftsmooii.
*D*:!x. . t -tini.lar ««eet>t«d, ! .tninUi na'j
CALIfORNirNDSftlWESTEBHEYTcai
SAS FBAHCISCa AH3 NORTH PAGIF13
RAJLWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry, Foot of Market SL
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DA Y3— 7:30. ».C0. 11:00 a. m. ; 12-.O.
1:30. 5:10, S:30 p. nx. Thursdays — Extra lr:j»
at 11:30 o. m. fcafirdays— Eitrj. trips at l:iJ
and 11:31 D. m.
6UNDATS-8:C«. 9:J3. ll:C0 a, in.: 1:34, »J«U
t:0O. «:»> r. m.
SAN" RAKAKL TO SAM ITIAXCISCO.
¦n'EEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. »:20, ll:lu a. ra. ; 13:«.
1:40, 5:B p. in. Satardays— Estra trt3» at
l:;j a.nd 8:35 c. m.
St'NDATS— 8:10, »:40. 11:19 a. in.: 1:40. !:?».
S:03. fi:2u p. m.
¦Between ran Francisco and Schuetzsn Partt
nme «ehedul» ca above.
Leq,v» J In Effect. I Arrtv*
Pan Francisco. |Acr. 13. 13C3.I San Franc'.ico,
Week I P-^n- I | Sun- I W«*k "
Days, f fiays. f Destination.! days. ] Uaya.
7:39 am 1 J:M »m! NorstA 10:-10 am! S:40 an
t:30 pm' »:30 amj Petalumi. 6:05 pin;10:K an»
>:13 pm' 5:C0 pml Santa Roaa. ~:H un! 6:30 pax
Fulton. I
T^O am Windsor. 110:25 iq
Healdsburj. I
Lyttcn. |
Geyaervllle. )
t :S0 pm 8:00 am C'.overdale. T:S pm! l:» pw
7:» ami I Hopland I |10:I5 an\
I.J3 p.-a! 8:C0 am! and Uklah. | 7:35 pin, 8:10 ps»
"iJOaaa T" ~ ~~~ ~~~ '10:»aix»
S:CO arn! Guernevllle. 7:33 psi(
1:30 rm 1 t:a rrm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Esnoma 5:ljim' 5:Oaa»
i 1 and
1:19 pmf 8:C0 pmf Glen E'.>n. 6:05 pn>: »:*> pra
7:*» am' »:0<» am' |10:4O am:10:2S aia
8:30 pm! 8:C0 pm| Sebaatcpol. I 7:3^ pm: 8:20 pm>
Etacrs connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«t
Bprt.-igs and White Sulphur at Fultoa
for.Altruria: at Lvtton for Lytton Sprlng-s: at
Geyservllle fcr Skascs Sprlnas: at Cloverdalai
for the G«vs»r»: at HoDland tor Duncaa
Bprln?«. Hirhlar.d Sprints. Kelieyvl!>. Carls-i
bad Springs. Foda Bay. Lakepnrt and Bartlstt
Pprtnirs; at Uk'.ah for Vichy Sprtnpj. &aratcjr»
Sprlnjrs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wittei*
BprSncs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*a, Backnell'ai,
Panhedrln Heights, Kuljtillc. Orr'i Hot
Brrinss. Mendrcino City. Fort Brae?. West-*
port L'sal. Wl^lts, Laytonville. Cummins.
Belt's Sprlncs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scot!a>
and Eureka.
Faturiay to Monday rtna44tr!i> tickets aft
rtduced rates.
On Sunday rrmr.d trip ttcketi to all pofnt»
bevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket oTces. K0 Market at-. Chron'cTe bTdx.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. r.TAN.
General ilaaaser. Gea. Pass. Agtr.t.
NORTH PAGIFlicOASfRAILROAl
Via Sausatlta Ferry-
Comrcenifins; S^i'terntjer ij. ISCOl
IROM SAN FRANCISCO Tt> MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 6:5^. "9:10. 11:00 a. m.. 1:45.
Z:1L. 4:<<O. 5:15. ••6:13. 6:40 p. m.
KXTRA TRIT3— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on M ndays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays 2 t 9:00 and 11:33 p. nr
BUNDATS— *S:«. nO^O. *U 30 a, o., # 1:13.
2:15. *4:4S. «:3O. S:C« p. m.
Trains marked «•> run t» San Quentln.
FI:O11 SAX RAFAEL, TO SAN FUANCI3CO.
WEEK PATS— .*>:::. *«:S0, ::«. 9:33 a. m..
•II-30. 1:C. r*.:30. t:ZO. 5:M p. m.
EXTRA TFwIFS on Mondays. Wednesdays
ar.d Saturdays at 6:4C> and 10:20 p. m.
El'SPAYS- «:M. *i>:0«, 10:C0. "il:43 a. m..
•1M0, *3:13. <:45, »6:30 p. m. !
Trains marked <•> s<tart frfm San Quentin.
FROM MILL VAILEY TO SAN* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:45, «:43. 7:i3. 9:30 a. m..
: i;-35 2:10 3:3n. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
KXTRA TEUPS on Mcndaya. Wednesdays
> and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. in.
SL'N'PAYS-SrCo. 1O:C1 m. m.. 11:02. 2:13. 2:20,
1 6 CO. «:15 p. m.
THROT'Gll TYt.\JNS.
8:35 a. m. week days — Caxadero and way sta-
tlcns.
1:45 p. re. Saturdays— Tomales and tray sta-
tic ns. O
8:00 a. m. Sunday*— Tomalea asd way sta-
i tions.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
>. Steamers leave Broad-ray
>^ t wharf, San Francisco:
E^w_- For Alaskan I'urts— 11 a. rr...
y&£?S< ° ct - 13 - is. - 3 - - s - N *° v - -•
lf3>rS«J>^. Uhan^e to company's steam-
l$v HJi«&^ er? at Se attle -
tl^^r' s«' or Victoria. Vaneou\-er (B.
LaT£K~grj£rrii' Port Tcwr.«»ni. ?en?t>.
r w *fi£?a^» Taccma. Everett, Anacnrtt-s
an| l New Whatcotn (Wash.)—
'"¦* 11 a. m., Oct. 13. 18. 13. T*.
Nov. 2. and everj' fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Taccma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humbcldt Bay— 2 p. m., Oct.
15. 10, 25, 30, Nov. 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San THego. stopptnff only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Red-:ndo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. Oct. 12, 15. 20. 24. 2S, Nov. 1, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
ccs. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
t-'anta Barbara. Ventura. Huenerr.e. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. Oct. 14. IS. 22. 26, 30. Not 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Mairdalena Bay. San Jcs» del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information cbtaln company s
folders.
The company reserves the right to chanjr»
steamers. sallinE dates and hours of sailing
without rrevlous notic*.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street iPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & TO . Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES
£-, AUCTION SALE! £*
THIS DAY. ***
MONDAY JlOR.Nl.Nu, Oct b-r U. 13^0. at lOSiJ
o'clock. 40 head of fine draft and well-mateh?4
driving horses: 3 apler.<!:d black t-Mir.s. OCCI-
DENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. 7r. Hn^.Tri ?U
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
CHOICE HEAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS
— AT—
A. M. FPECK & CO/S, 657 Market st.
tZZ.COO— Flr<-*t. investment ever offered; lot 100
feet front en Ellis M. : grand improve-
ments; rents. {i000; no chance in c<tv
Kvtr offered to equal this.
l«-,0C5— Pays $370: grand corr.er-' all rented
Ji^.oOO— Pays fc j>er cat net; frrand corner- cm
tt-r.xnt: iease 5-yt^rm. ' *
E3CO00— Recta tt:Z: new :mprov«nects
ClfiS^Tcsx stores ar.d * rtats; rents' «*C2- -5
feet frcr.t; fine baritain.
Jl'.iwO— Tler.ts S14I: new improvement*.
|lflj»— TfaU-4 Et. business property. Sl-foot
JIO.CuO— bieK-int fiatr. rot far rroia Van \>«s
eve.: rer.ts $1100.
ftOft-Gruri investment: 100 feet front with
rer.Uagr for J100 a
fS .ooo-|cre v Prcpertj a cn Ninth «.. near Mar-
$T.E00-Iler.ts j;o ; qcv fi ats; near Vaa j^
54009— Fcur flats; all rented for US.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6S7 Market st.
COMFORTABLE* house, 8 rooms and bath ¦ lot
SxU2: BtaO rear house. 3 rooms. Apply own-
er. «lgar stand. Plxteenth and Mission Bta.
MODERN houses built; lowesT prices ; plans aid
estimates f jrr.ls^cd. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
f^"-0-JfST ccmplet^dl 5-rn.^m c-.ttare- $200
cafh. balar.ee Sir* month. Jersey and Xo» sts.
f" terms; new 7-roora raodern house;
Fourteenth fU between Castro an.l No*.
MI £ ?I .2jX cotta P«: n<»: 6 rooms, bath: lot Ms
:0C: Tr**: terms to ru'.t buyer. 413 Kearny st.
CHEAPEST sal b»?t in Amer-.ca— The Wetk'y
Ca,!. :5 pp.g-ej, f»r.t to any a<Mr<»ss in the
Ir.itwi Ptatcs or Car.a^a on* year for tL
alamedaTdyertisemene
A I, *M nil A nOl'SES.
FIVE rccms and bath, har.isome'.y furr.ishM
for nou«ekPer!"?: rent $^5 for permaner.t par-
ty: fln^Ft location. Apply 2101 Central ave..
A!arr.e<;a.
ALAJICDA ROOMS AND DOARD.
FIRST-CLAPS bcaro ar.J suite of rooms for
xiza.n and wife; private fam:!y In Alameda; j
Atp!y bcx 44C7. Ca'.l office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 111S BROADWAY.
OAKLV\U REAL. ESTATE.
Eir> SACRIFICE.
Nearly r.ew home of 7 rooms, tath. conserva-
tory ar.d pcrches: fine large lot: near car?
UM train?; frait trees, rarden ar.d bam: S27.V)
cash; ccst me |40M. Aidress Owner, P. O.
box CIS, Sacramert-i. Cal.
ri'RNISHED or untarnished house cf S large
rooms and bath; Ear.'.tary plumbing; 1<h 50x I
100; cestral location. Apply ~o2i mh st.. Oakld. j
A WEEK'S r.e^s fcr j cnts— The Weekly Call. ;
It rages, in wrarr^r. ;cr mailing, tl per year. ,
OAKLAM) HOISES TO LET.
SIS PER month— Modern sunny cottage, within j
easy walk ;rom Fourteenth and Broadway; j
would Eel! for tiSOO; a bargain: vacated this 1
¦ftt-k. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
THE HOUSE RENTERS,
\n-'j% Broadway. Oailanl
» Teiephcae Tied £C6.
GCOD hc-js's. Get ll«t from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN" 4: CO.. ldOS Broaaway. Oakland. j
OAHIAND HOOMS.
U— FINE b«3r-wtodow f.at. 4 rooms. par<ien. '
finwern nice locatior; water free. 1313 East
Eleventh ?t.. rear Twenty-third ave. ¦
OAKLAND FIRXiTIRE FOR SALE. ,
AN ir.tr Auction to you from H. Schellhaaf. the I
turr.iture dealer, Ilth ar.d Franklin, Oakland.
noons for iiousekjceimxg.
ELX«XS. fZl— Newly furr.'^h^J suite of 3 rooms,
I.} . : Etdte of 2 rocn:s. $13 CO; also one rocm. $10; :
;,:: i'jT housekeeping. J
F1XXMORE. Z2ii~. near Clay— i rjeny luraished j
: ms; bath; housekeeping. j
HOWARD. 7€!S — Nicely furnished bay-window j
mite, kitchen; ether?; n:an and wife; reas. j
l$t iWAi'.D, IS*— Large alcove room suitable
( r tlgbt housekeeping; r.lce rlace for 2 ladies; ,
tb t2.,-h ;
LA n KIN. > '*— Larjf funry bark bodroorn anl .
kitchen; furn. complete housekeeping; $10. 1
M!.VNA. r*— Hussy fumishe<l front housekee;?-
:r.g tingle ro^ms, 7jc and $1 per week.
OAK. 113 — Z sunny rooms furrJshed for heavy ;
boosekeesfai; yard; $10. j
OAK. :"2— 3 runny rooms furnished for heavy ¦
housekeer'n* ; 3 beds; yard; $14.
BOCTH PAItK. 177— Four cr five furnlihed i
roctr.s for hcusekeeplng.
TEHAMA; 47>, r.r. 5;xth— I funny furclshed
front rooms for hkjig.; no children; $10.
CLAPPIFIED aijyertiserner.ts &zi<% subscription*
rece:vej 6.t Call branch oTflce. 2200 FiliiKore st. ;
A BRANCH cfS'-e fcr CUI aivertisesients ar.d ;
«ii^*cr;ptier.s has been established at 10M 1
"V'aJ^noia ft.
¦ I
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and Infnm. j
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms 2la j
to $1 per r-lght; $1 C3 to Jo i>er week, and light !
hou« keejylrLjr; cr>eTi all nickt. |
BURNETT, W21 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur- i
r.ithei m?., suites, Eing'.e; aiso unJurclfhed. j
Ht'PH. ::4 — Furr.:?he-i sunny rooms, euits or
f'.T^l". ijo i.er night up; transient.
BUSH. EM .The Elk)— Charged har.is; newly |
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rnis., $1 ZH to $7 ;
w-^k; :Jc to Jl SO r.'.tht. MRS. P. RA.NFT. !
CL.iT, 10:5 — Nice eluev furnished room; use o'
tata ti:d tctapfaone: Jio.
CLEMENTINA, {31, off Fourth— 6ir.g'.s rooms; !
private ramlly. j
CLIFFORD. IM E'.'.ls. cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished eur.r.y rooTns; prices reasonable.
FCLSOM. <:<)-7o let. furnished room, J4; un-
furnished £: rrivate family. i
CEAP.T. *'.Z (The Savirret- Elecantly furnished j
rms.; suites or elr.Rle; travelers accommodaid. !
CEART. T74— Larse well furr'.shed sunny Fuite, j
w!th uy* Of bathroom, in quiet private family. !
GOLIjEN GATE ave.. S** — Bossy front room, j
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1X0—2 wel!-rurr.l*hed
rooma, wltahto fcr rentlemen; free telephone. !
COLDEN GATE ave.. 10S(>— I cr S wel!-fumsh»d ,
roorce for lirht housek«-eplnp; gaa ttove; Jree :
tele^ horse. I
GRAND BODTBEBK, southeast corr.er Sever.th i
and Missioa sts. — Beany rooms, en suite or i
str^Ie; lidiee' parlor: reading-rorm; elevator. \
HOWARD. 1118— Larce Bunny Lay-windaw and j
alcove; also eine'e rooms.
JESSIE, 253, rear E^pcrium— Furn!fh<*d room; '
__E , (
JONES. Cll. a«-ar Ellis — X5c<» mnny bay-window [
room, also j-arlcr; reaeonaljle.
LAKKIN. 1717— Surny furr.ishea room. ,
T^A<= 1'ALMAS, ISM Market St.— Suite of 2 or 2 j
rrr.5.; private; bath; fin. rms.; board optional. .
MCALLISTER. 5)23— Double parlors'a.r.4 kitchen; i
jras; bath; house; u?e of stove. ¦
iHN'N'A. CJi. or. fth— 2 latrce tmxmr ur.fnmished \
on 6ecor..1 r.tor; entirely serrate; reasonable, j
MINNA. C€7. comer Eighth— Newly furnished j
bey-wlndow room, fl r»r Tie».-k; transient.
>."E%V ABUNCTOX, 3PIS Market et. — Nicely
furr.ihhed rocm« J2 a week up; Sic a day up.
NORWOOD, CH Taylor— Furnished many !
f.;!t<- ; t.l?o sine!*" r£x»it:s: uitos reasonable, j
OTAHIIEI.L r^ 1 — Pvr.r.T furr.'.shi-il room* and ',
ttVBt ¦?; devatoc electric lights; Jay, wk., mo. i
PAGE, N'— Nice sunny front room, newly fur- j
r.iri-.ttd ; tenr.s rf-a»onable. , !
IK-L.K. JS36— Clean ronr.y rocms: fcath«: liome :
oorr.fortp; j-iivate; beard optional; reasonable, j
r.OS EDaTe'iIou*''. 3r3 r.nd El Ellis rt.-Ilocmf.
r.l^ht ZU: to Jl. v.eek $1 Z* to U; open night.
liOYAL Hc'J^e. JK E11I* et. — Incandescentlleht;
r^aCir!(;-:ixjni, enickln^-rootn artd ladiea' par-
;-.-; rewfss, j>.r r.:?ht. SSe to tl M; week, $2 to
P; mor.:h. ;s to W. elevator on irrr.und floor;
rocir.i with hct tnJ cold water: bs.th«.
EIIEIIMAN AyartirTent Ilou i ». 2% Eighth »t..
r.f.ar Mark*"' — I'Vmishfd or unfurnlEhed.
>"IXTII. i^-£ur.ny furnifhei rooms for light
hocacfctyplag: al^o ether rooms.
fcLHILn, tO. n<-ar Taylor— Sunny, choice, rea-
I'kase Jnvertlgate; bath.
JURE, 12&— Furnished funny rcoras for 1 or 2
frrr.t?, or man end wife. -/*'
T'.'TIK. 63— Front room suitable for S youag
m men.
(%A£S1FV£D advert!*' .-ments and EUb^ctiptlon*
r»-ccivc«i at Call branch office. Z20Q Fillmore st.
A UBAICCS Vtticm for Call advertiktments »nd
Futecript'.css has been established at l'."36 Va-
lencia it,
ROOMS WASTED, j
JCICJELT fomlthed suite of mnnjr toozds tor
two gentlemen; tttwecn Geary ft- and Golden
Gate ave.; Ettte price. Address box SCO, Call.
KAHRS- In this city. October 14. 1900. Alma.
B. Kahrs, beloved daughter of Isabel and
the late Charles O. Lind, a native of Yreka,
Cal.. aged 21 years 11 months and 2S days.
(Eureka. Humboldt County, papers' please
copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 113 Jones street, between Golden Gate
avenue and Turk street. Interment Eureka,
Humjwldt County, via steamer Pomona at 2
o'clock to-day.
KELLY— A high mass of requiem will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
Tobias J. Kelly at St. Mary's Church. Cali-
fornia street, this day (Monday), at 9:30
o'clock.
JONES— In this city. October 11. 1900, Charlei
E. Jones.
E7Remalns at the parlors of J. C. CCon-
. nor & Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
LLOYD— In this city, October 14. 1300, Grace
T.. beloved wife of Frank H. Lloyd, a nativ*
of Virginia City, Nevada, aged 2S years and
11 months. (Virginia City, Nev., papers
please copy.)
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
Etreet. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
MANNING— In this city, October 14. 1SO0. Ma-
tilda, belovod wife of Henry I. Manning,
mother cf John W., George and Frank Man-
ning, a native of County Suffolk, England.
E7Fr!enda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 171 Collins street, near Point Lobes
avenue, thence to St. Stephen's Church. Ful-
ton street, for services. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
McnLLIGOTT— In the City and County Hos-
j pita!, October 14. 1900. James McElligott, a
native of Ireland, aged 51 year?. •
• NEWHALL— In Fresno. October 14. 1900.
Emerpne Elisabeth, beloved daughter of
"William M. and Emma S. Newhall, a native
of P-elmont. San Mateo County. Cal.. aged
22 years S months and 23 days.
i rORTER— In Alameda. October 13. 1500, Dor-
othy L.inJ«<ay, beloved daughter of Captain
\ "VV. P. S. and Sophie E. Porter, aged 11 years
{ and 6 months. (Victoria papers please copy.)
CFriends are respectfully invited to at-
i tend the funeral services this day (Monday).
at 1 o'clock, from the familv residence, 922
I«afayette street. Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
PITTMAN— In this city. October 14. 1900, James
Alfred, beloved son of John N. and Hattle
j Plttnian. and brother of Fannie. Earle N. and
Delbert S. Pittman, a native of Han Fran-
! Cisco, aged 3 years 7 months and 23 days.
j O'BRIEN- In this city, October 14. 1900.
j Daniel O'Brien, a native of County Water-
1 ford. Ireland, aged 60 years.
AE^TIhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors j
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
thence to St. Mary's Church (Paulist), where
mass will be said at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 train from
Third and Townsend streets.
RICH— In this city, October 13, 1900, Louis.
: beloved husband of Man' Rich, and father of
i Mrs. F. Marx, Mrs. H. Stern, Mrs. J. Gol-
insky and Alex and Herny Rich, a native of
Germany, atred 70 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances and members
of M.odin Lodge'. I. O. B. B.. are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday!, at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 7V>2 Kills street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. train from
I Third and Townsend streets.
1 RYAN— In this city. October 12, 1300, Mark J..
beloved husband of Kitty Ryan, father of
j Edna Ryan, son of Mary and the late Thomas
Ryan, and brother of Pete E. and Daniel M.
1 Ryan. Mrs. Sarah Houston and Thomas Ryan.
j a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years and
i 22 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi- i
! <i«-nce. 1611 Vallejo street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, where a solemn requiem
hltrh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of Ms soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter- |
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
i SMITH— In this city. October 13, 1900, David |
I Charles, beloved husband of Mary A. Smith, t
I and father of David Charles Smith Jr., a na- |
I tlve of Albany, N. Y., aged 65 years 8 months j
| and 1 day. :
(CT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
i fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
i>londay). at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic i
1 Temple." corner Post and Montgomery streets, j
! under the auspices of Oriental Lodge No. 144,
i F. and A. M.
' MISSION CHAPTER No. 1S5, Order Eastern
?tar — Officers and members are notified to j
; attend the funeral of our late brother. Past i
Patron David Charles Smith, from the Ma- ;
'¦ sonic Temple. Post and Montgomery streets, |
this day (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock. By order j
' of the \\\ M. MARY G. FOSTER, Secy.
j SCHMESER- In this city, October 14, 1900, !
Caroline, beloved wife of the late Andrew ;
Prhmoser. and mother of Mrs. John McCoy.
Mrs. Sebastian Glos. Mrs. Albert Rudolph
1 and Alhert. Charles and Herman Schmewr^i
: a native of I»hnau. Germany, aged 75 years i
10 months and 14 days.
SONNTAG— In this city, October 14. 1900. |
Lnuise. beloved wife of Paul Sonntag, and
! mother of Clara and Martha Sonntag. a na- <
tive of Schoemb^rp. Germany, aged 33 years :
2 months and 12 days.
SPADIER— In this city, October 12. 1500/ Ella ]
S;iadier. beloved wife of Peter Spadler.
mother Georglana Spadler. and sister of ]
Mrs. A. Smith. Mrs. G. V. Uhl and Ada Hig- j
gin?, a native of Buffalo. K. Y.
lT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day !
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi- j
der.ee. 707 Green street, thence to St. Fran- I
cis Church, where a requiem mass will be I
I celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
j Cross Cemetery.
i El'LLIVAN'-In this city, October 12, 1300. !
Matthew J. , beloved son of Marcella and the !
late Patrick Sullivan, and father of Walter
I Sullivan, a native of San Francisco, aged 43
! years.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence, |
1C10 Howard street, thence to St. Patrick's .
I Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul. I
i commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment .Holy j
'¦ Cross Cemetery. !
! STfHR— In this city. October 11, 1900. Christ
H., beloved husband of Meta C. Stuhr, and
father of Agnes, Emil and Johnnie Stuhr. a I
native of Denmark, aged 29 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
1 (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission etreet. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
THORSTENSSON— In North Oakland. October
14. 1H00. Lise Karinne Thorstensson. mother
of Mrs. Caroline Chelson and Mrs. Marie
Christies; a native of Norway, aged 71 years
3 months and 2 days.
i TUCK— In this city, October 14, 1900, Pro-
fessor J. H. I>. Tuck, aged 76 yearn and 8
j days.
I UNSINN-In this city, October 14, 1900, Aloy-
i i-ius, dearly beloved son of John and Maria ¦
• Unsinn, and dearly beloved brother of John
Jr.. Antnn. Maria and Elizabeth Unsinn. a
I native of San Francisco, aged 16 years 1 ;
month and 13 days.
C7Kriends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow :
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. Ill Webster street, between
Ha'.ght and Waller, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a solemn high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross :
Cemetery, by carriages. ;
I WONG SUEY-In the City and County Hos-
pital. October 14. 1900. Wong Buey, a native
of China, aged 64 years., She — Dcn't you think there Is something
sad in. the way they heap up the autumn
leaves of the park and burn them— what
does it remind you of? • v
He (absently)— A tannery, I thlnlf, or— a
Blue factory.— Ohio State Journal.
Henry Daymow, a boy 10 years of age,
residUig at 1901 Dupont street, fell off the
Powell-street wharf into the -bay yester
day afternoon. Several of the lad's com
panions rescued him and he Was • taken
to his f home by Policeman Hiram B.
Hatchings.
Fell Into the Bay.
Swim at~ the Crystal Baths.
Recommended *by Water a'lwaya
clean and warm. Tub department-best in city.*
Henry Weinstock addressed the congre
gation of the African Methodist Episco
pal Zlon Church at 805 Stockton street
last night. The "Negro In America" was
the subject of his discourse and the lec
ture proved a sourcAsf much satisfaction
to his "auditors. . ..
Ne|ro in America.
Malt-Nutrine
Is prepared at our brewery and is guaranteed
unequaled in quality, purity and medicinal vir
tue.. ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASSN
tue. ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N.
Sold by all druKciiits.
Injured by Falling Downstairs.
Albert Jones, who resides at 1542 Mar
ket street', fell down a flight of stairs at
Markets ajid Seventh*' streets yesterday.
He .'received several lacerated wounds of
the face and a fracture of -the right arm.
His injuries were treated by Dr. Bauer
at the Receiving Hospital.
The fourth of the special course of lec
tures by E. Fay Mills on the divinity of
man was given last night at Metropolitan
Temple. Tho lecturer chose t.s his sub
ject "The Divine Man and Other Divino
Men.'V Tho lecture : was given under tho
auspices of the Ethical Institute of San
Francisco and the hall was filled by a
deeply interested audience. During- the
evening., instrumental and vocal solos
were rendered by members of the society.
I/ecture by B. Fay Mills.
The Pacific Coast Society .of German
Cooks gave a dance and banquet at Teu
tonia Hall. 1322 Howard street, last even
lnp. A large number of- chefs' and their
friends were present and passed the hours
very happily. Those In charge of the af
fair were: President, Fred Braun; floor
manager, E. Melnen; committee of ar
rangements — J. Burne, G. Buss, XV.
Trautsh, A. Schwen and L. Neudlger.
German Cooks Make Merry.
Mamie Reid, a woman of the."tender
loin,"-was arrested yesterday morning
by Policeman Lean and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of .grand lar
ceny. She is accused of stealing: $3 50 and
a gold watch valued at $38 from James
MacCormack, an employe in the Risdon
Iron Works, in a lodging-house at Pine
and Dupont streets. Mamie was arrested
In the Cape Nome saloon, 439 Dupont
street, and identified by MacCormack.
The watch was not found In her pos
session. ', .A •- ;,-¦ ."
Robbed by a Woman.
Evangelists Celebrate Anniversary.
The one hundredth anniversary of the
foundation of the Evangelical faith was
celebrated yesterday at the Evangelical
Church",' Twelfth street, near Market. A
speclalsong service was held in the morn-
Inp. At", night a sermon recounting the
history of-.the Evangelical faith was de
livered by: the pastor, the Rev J. Alt
house, r £••¦_. ...¦•-*•*
This favorite steamer, under command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming Inlands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring SO to 40 days, but the time of new
steamship service will be 10>4 days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rate at 613
Market street. »
The Australia for Tahiti.
Dance— N. Foppiano, G. Ertola. F. Demar
tlnl, I* Gulnasso, N. Caprllle, P. Perata, E.
Lastretto, V. E. Chlappa, O. Iaccherl and D.
Cafferata. «
Oumcs— P. Fontajia, P. Arata, L. Rossi,
Antonio Ratto, G. B. Ostlno, G. F. Ninatti,
Giov Flgone. I-uigl Kiont', Angelo Flgone and
Door— S. Cereghlno, A. Sturla Barbagelata.'
M. Canepa. G. 13aneri, G. Cereghlno, A. L.
Bacigalupl, B. Ratto, n. Pcrata and Antonio
Delucchl.
Harbor View Park was crowded yester
day with Italians who were celebrating
tho anniversary of the discovery of Amer
ica. The celebration was given under the
auspices of the Garibaldi Guard, and to
the following committees is due the suc
cess of tho affair:
Italians Picnic at Harbor View.
Michael Clcary, who resides In Millbrae.
ran to catch his train at Third and
Townsend streets yesterday afternoon
and just managed to reach the last coach
as it passed out of the station. He tried
to swing aboard, but was thrown with
considerable force on the rough cobble
stones. He was treated at the Receiving
Hospital by Dr. Robinson for a disloca
tion of the right shoulder, several scalp
abrasions and a very badly crushed- foot
He was later removed to St. Mary's Hos
pital.
Missed His Train for Home.
¦ park, beach and other pleasure places
yesterday -were— unusually., large, they
wore equally orderly and no accidents or
incidents worthy c special mention oc
currrcd. -The trolleys on the cars run
ning out "to the : beach • exhibited a pen
chant for slipping the, wire. They banged
against the cross 'jupports and fright
ened the lady passengers, but this was
the extent of the harm done.
The Congo family Is still tho attraction
at the Chutes. An interesting bill is on
in the theater, but the old attractions
still receive their share of the patronage.
An interested audience witnessed the
contests at Sutro Baths yesterday. Fol
lowing are the results: Fifty-yard dash,
juvenile— S. Kaine first, J. Erasmy sec
ond. Under-water swimming contest — P.
Revert first. J. Hayes second. 100-yard
race, amateur — C. Duran first, B. But
tcrworth second. ;.-:'• -\
CROWDS PASS SABBATH
AT THE PARK AND BEACH
Congo Family Still the Attraction at
the Chutes-^-Fun at Sutro :>
Baths.
Thouerh the crowds- that visited the
Returned and Will Forward
Reports.
The field work of the Division of For
estry, United States Department of Agri
culture, in surveying the redwoods of
California has been completed for the sea
son, and the calculation of results will
soon begin at "Washington. The data
gathered comprises careful studies and
measurements of young growth in three
different localities, one In Del Xorte. and
two in Humboldt counties, as well as re
connoissance examinations throughout al
most the entire belt. A large number of
acres were surveyed in the green timber,
and the trees in each counted and meas
ured and about a thousand large suckera
were cut down, measured and their an
nual rings counted. From these figures
the volume and component species of the
average trees in the different locations
and the rate of growth per acre in height,
diameter, etc., will be expressed in tabu
lar form.
These facts with others about the de
mands of the tree upon soil, light, moist
ure, etc., form the basis of scientific for
est management, "When higher prices and
the scarcity of timber make more con
servative lumbering necessary they will
be Indispensable in regulating any cut
ting that looks toward the continuous pro
duction of redwood upon the same ground.
Party Detailed for the Purpose Has
GOVEKNMENT INSPECTION
OF THE REDWOODS CLOSED
men. tirst with a revolver and then with
a long knife. Before he could commit
murder he was disarmed by Policcn en
Henneberry and Gibbons and taken to the
Harbor Station, where he was charged
with carrying concealed weapons and as
sault with a deadly weapon.
Early in the evening two of Randall's
boarders became involved in a quarrel
which ended in blows. Anderson inier
fered and drew his revolver. Randall
made him put his gun away, but a. mo
ment later he seized a long knife and
mnde a vicious attack upon the lighters.
At this juncture the policemen rushed in
to the room and seized him.
Otto Anderson Could Not Watch a
Fight Without Taking a
Hand.
During a row in a lodging house con
ducted l)y* Andrew Randall at ID Drumm
street, Otto Anderson, a ship's carpenter,
made a vicious assault on two struggling
PREVENTED FROM SHOOTING,
HE TRIES TO USE KNIFE
The pastor of the new church. Rev. J.
A. Schilling, conducted the services dur
ing the day. He was assisted by Rev.
J. G. Mangold of St. Johannes Church of
North Beach, Rev. J. Knrlter of Oakland
and Rev. C. Walton of Petaluma. Rev.
Mr. Schilling delivered the dedicatory ad
dress in the morning and Rev. Mr. Man
gold delivered the sermon. In the after
noon Rev. Mr. Walton and Rev. Mr. End.
tcr spoke and in tho evening Rev. Mr.
Endter preached a sermon. Miss Lulu
Bolder is organist and Miss Anna Dolder
sings in the choir, jj I3olh assisted in the
exercises, yesterday.
In the basement of the new church,
which will be the Sunday-school room, a
lunch had been sot for tho visiting min
isters and a few favored guests by the
ladies' society of the church.
For threo years the congregation has
been worshiping in a hall on the corner
of Seventeenth and Nog streets. The
church it now occupes cost $4000.
.The new German Evangelical Lutheran
'Church, recently erected on the corner
of Fifteenth and Church streets, was ded
icated yesterday. There were three ser
vices—one in the morning one in the aft
ernoon and a sermon and a short service
of prayer in the evening.
Cozy Little Edifica on Fif
teenth Street.
Congregation Takes Possession of a
GERMAIN" EVANGELICAL
CHUUCH DEDICATED
Will "Wed Miss Maud Gray.
John Elliott, the noted authority on ath
letics, is to become a Benedict. He will
be married "Wednesday evening to Miss
Maud Gray at tho home of her parents,
2566 California street.
The engagement has been kept a secret
within a small clrcle*of friends of Mr.
Klliott and Miss Gray, and the announce
ment of the coming wedding will be re
ceived with surprise and interest by the
thousands of amateur athletes all over
the Pacific Coast and by many more who
know Mr. Klliott in social or business
life.
For twenty years John Elliott has been
the leading promoter on the Pacific Coast
of amateur athletic sports. He is recog
nized as one of the best informed men,
in America on track athletics, having the
records and tho capabilities of all the ath
letes iit the country at his tongue's end.
On .questions of form and style his opin
ion is much sought for by track athletes.
Mr. Elliott is himself an expert in hand
ball, tennis, cycling, swimming and other
sports.
Officially, Mr. Elliott is the Pacific Coast
member of the Board of Governors of
the Amateur Athletic Union. He is a
member of the board of directors
of the Olympic Club and has^-been
one of William Greer Harrison's chief aids
in the rehabilitation of that famous or
ganization.
Mr. Elliott's absolute fairness and hla
devotion to the best interests of amateur
sports have made him in great demand
as a Held day referee. He has served in
that capacity at the Berkeley-Stanford In
tercollegiate meets. So great is his love
for sports that he often spares the time
from business to officiate as referee on
minor field days. «
Mr. Elliott is a member of the well
known grocery firm of West. Elliott &
Gordon, which has a dozen branches
throughout th* city.
MIsS Gray, the bride-to-be. Is a daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. William J. Gray of
25fi6 California street.
Rev. F. W. Clampett, rector of Trinity
Church, will perform the ceremony.
Noted Patron of Amateur Athletics
JOHN ELLIOTT TO MARRY.
BURGLARS BLEW
OPEN THE SAFE
Looted a Strong Box in the
Mission, but Got No .
Cash.
The first explosion was about 9:30 o'clock
and the second an hour and a half later.
Shortly after the second explosion a citi
zen wJio was passing saw two men leave
the office and hurriedly walk down l)o
lores street. They both wore overcoats
and slouch hat?, which were pulled. down
over their eyes, concealing their features.
Captain Seymour is satisfied they are the
same men who have blown open several
s=afes~in this city during the past . ten
days.
The burglars then re-entered the office
and found the door of the safe blown
from its hinges and the "strong box" in
the safe shattered. They found no
money, however, and left the place In dis
gust, taking: the books and papers, evi
dently for spite.
The explosion that followed aroused the
sleeping occupants of the house next door,
and rushing into the street they met one
of the safe-crackers, who on being asked
the cause of the explosion said that the
noise was occasioned by the Wisconsin
firing a ealuts. This explanation ap
peared to satisfy the neighbors and they
retired from the scene.
The men made two attempts at blowing
open the safe before accomplishing their
purpose. They entered the office shortly
after 9 o'clock Saturday night, and after
boring a hole in the door of the safe in
serted a quantity of powder. A fuse was
then placed in the aperture and ignited.
As the charge failed to dislodge the door
the Bafe-crackerB tried a second charge.
This is the fourth job perpetrated by
the brace of safe-crackers: From the
manner in which they*blew <gpen the safe
Captain of Detectives Seymour Is satis
fied that*they are adepts at the business.
Two men who are supposed to be East
ern crooks blew open a safe in the office
of William H. Springer, wood and coal
dealer, at 400 Dolorts street. Saturday
night. All they got for their trouble was
an account book, eome insurance papers
and a book of deposit on the Hibernia
Bank.
Thompson, who lives at 236 Third street,
had his wound dressed at the Receiving
Hospital. Kiernan lives at 743 Harrison
street.
Carville then started to run, but was
overtaken by Thompson and Kiernan at
Third and Mission streets and turned
over to Policemen P. O'Connell and It. A.
Tobln.
The doeperate beggar then turned on
Kiernan, who had come to his friend's
assistance, and slashed him over the
heart, the knife penetrating the flesh and
inflicting a slight wound.
Carville accosted Frank Klernan and
John Thompson in front of the Model
lodging-house, on Mission street, at 5
o'clock yesterday morning, begging the
price of a bed. He secured 10 cents from
each and then grabbed for Thompson's
watchchain. A scuffle ensued and Car
ville drew a knife, with which he mad?
a Vicious lunge at Thompson, slashing
his hat.
Daniel A. Carville Is locked up la the
City Prison charged with an attempt to
commit robbery and assault to murder.
Daniel Carville Makes an
Attempt to Carve His
Benefactors.
VICIOUS BEGGAR
ATTACKS TWO WOMEN
After waiting until half-past 5 in the
morning the watchers were rewarded by
seeing- Hermann Mueller, a clerk in the
service of H. C. Meisel, a grocer, enter
the garden armed with a pillow case and
proceed to fill it with Hellwig's choicest
blossoms. He was arrested and the pil
low case and the flowers are held as evi
dence against him.
The looting of Hellwig's garden had
been going on for some time and with
provoking regularity, but it was getting
to be «a desperate case before Hellwig
summoned enough courage to forsake his
warm bed and blankets for "a. damp seat
under a rose bush. He takes great-prido
in his garden, however, and finally the
rapid disappearance of his cherished roses
prompted desperate means. Mueller lives
at 130 Bartlett street. He was bailed out
by his wife yesterday forenoon.
Love for his roses and a. natural ob
jection to them beinp stolen led Crist Hell
wig to sit up all night to bay the man
who bagged his flowers. He had Police
man M. J. Filben for company.
Crist Hellwig's Long and
Lonely Vigil to Save
His Roses.
LOVED HIS GARDEN
BETTER THAN BED
YESTERDAY the pilots were
again in danper from a leviathan
The Graeie S was oi» her way to
sea and the America was at a.i
chor off Meiggs wharf when sud
denly a whale began to spout. It was
terday. "He came within an ace of the
jracie S and threw spray over the Amer
ca when he spoutedl I tell you the boys
>n those pilot-boats had to get a move on.
Wouldn't surpirse me a bit but that It
was the same whale that sank the Bo
lita."
The helm of the Graeie S was put hard
up and the whale went by on the star
board tack and toward Melgps wharf.
Captain Jordan was aboard the America
When the giant mammal came alone tho
order to slip the anchor was quickly
griven and in a few moments t 1 e America
was warpod Into the cove.
"That whale was 150 feet long if ho
was an inch," said Mike Fitzgerald yes-
"Caesar's ghost!" shouted McCullough,
"the thing: Is after us. Put your helm
hard up there."
making a be*e line for 'the Grade when
first slRhtfd. but changed its course
when off Lime Point and made for shoal
water.
"Great Scott!" said Captain Swanson.
"that looks like the beggar that sank the
Bonita."
"No, no," said Miller, after a long pull
on his dudeen. "The hump en his back
Is different.
ANOTHER WHALE HAXGS OUT HIS
SIGN* AND THE PI1X)TS HURRY
FOR COVKR.
Whale Rushes for
the Pilot Boat
Graeie S.
¦ ? —
Craft Cleverly Side
steps and Is
Saved.
Hutchings denies that he drew a re
volver or that he insulted Livingston in
the manner alleged. He says that he met
Livingston and that the latter persisted in
speaking disrespectfully of Captain Witt
man. Hutchings says he resented this,
and told Livingston he should respect his
superiors. "When Livingston refused to
cease Hutchings became angered and a
dfspute followed. He says they did not
come to blows.'
This report was submitted to Chief Sul
livan, and Hutchings was requeste<t to
give his version of the affair In writing.
Livingston says that in reply Hutchinga
called him a vile name, and told him that
the Information he solicited was none of
his business.
This, according to Livingston's report,
aggravated him, and he started at Hutch
ings with closed fists and demanded an
apologry. Hutchings then drew his re
volver and warned nis opponent that if he
took one step nearer he would blow his
head off.
Livingstqn answered that Hutchings
could think about that at\any place, and
that that was no reasonable explanation
for his presence at that particular cor
ner. He then repeated his question.
j In Livingston's report he states that he
met Hutchings at the corner of Dupont
and Union streets, and was surprised at
finding him In that locality. He says he
asked Hutchings what he was doing there
and received the reply that he was
"thinking."
"Thinking about what?" asked Living
ston.
"Why, I'm thinking about what \ con
dition this little Irishman (meaning Chief
Sullivan) ' is throwing the town in," re
plied Hutchings.
Alleges in Complaint to Chief Sul
livan That the Policeman Held
Him at Bay With a Re
. volver.
— • .
Chief of Police Sullivan is investigating
two reports made by policemen of a row
that occurred betwe.en them at the corner
of Union and Dupont streets early Friday
morning. The policemen are Luke Liv
ingston and Hiram E. Hutchings. The
former accuses the latter of having kept
him at bay with a drawn revolver when
he attempted to make him retract abusive
| language that he used? Hutchings denies
; this in his report, and says that Living
i ston persisted in applying vile epithets to
I Captain ,WIttman, who was not present
and that in resenting this a struggle re
sulted. Both men were in uniform and
on duty at the time the trouble happened,
and the department will probe deep into
the affair and ascertain the true facts. -
Last Friday Livingston appeared before
Captain Wittman and made complaint
that Hutchings had drawn, his gun on
him. The captain requested a written re
port from both men and then turned the
matter over to the Chief. •
•
Luke Livingston Makes Se
. rious Charges Against
H. E. Hutchings.
SAYS BROTHER
OFFICER DREW
PISTOL ON HIM
of the children, bat refused to take his
wife bark. Realizing her terrible posi
tion, Airs. Sonntag- shot herself in the
forehead with a :2-oa liber revolver. The
bullet f truck her right temple and planeed
upward after severing an artery. She was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and later
to th<> City and County Hospital, where
the remained till she died.
After Mrs. Sonntag had attempted sui
cide her husband called to see her and she
pleaded to be taken back for the sake of
her children and efforts were made by
friends to effect a reconciliation, but
Sonntagr could not forgive her for de
serting him. He only consented that she
would' be at liberty to call upon the chil
dren at any time.
The woman said rhe did nnt care to live
ar:d her wish has been pratifled. Coroner
Cole was notitied yesterday morning of
her death as a matter of form, but it f is
rot supposed an inquest will be held.
return to her.
Sonntag came «n to this city and soon
locaSfed the couple. He took possession
« —
Eloping From Chicago With Frank
Eoepke, She Attempted Suicide
When Husband Refusrd to
Forgive Her.
Mrs. Louisa Snnntap. who had a happy
home with her industrious husband in
Chicago, preferred tho way of Fin rsthcr
Than tbe path of duty, and yesterday
death from reraor<e came as her reward.
Sloaningr fur the husband who had firmly
told her that she could never return to
hid and for another look at her little
children, from whom she had voluntarily
separated herself, the erring woman "pass-,
rd avray on a pallet in San Francisco's
public hospital. Pleurisy attacked her
during her last hours and aided the bitter
load <>f repentance that had weighed upon
ber for ireeks and worn her to » shadow
to drag her to the grave. _
Mr?. Soxmtaff clcped from <"hicago on
July 34 ln«t with Frank Roepke. a brass
woriter. liking her two children, Clara, 9
years of ape, and Martha. 7 years of age.
with her. They came to this city and lived
«¦« Sanchez street. Her husband, Paul
Bonntag, «". carpenter, used every means
:•• ascertain the whereabouts of the
couple, bin did not jret a clew till Roepke's
•wit.- r< oelved a letter from him that he
tras tired of Mrs. Sonntag and wanted. to ,
Mrs Louisa Sonntag Dies at
the City and County
Hospital.
REMORSE KILLS
A WOMAN WHO
FORGETS DUTY
MONSTER OF DEEP SPOUTS
AND THE SEA DOGS SHIVER
Jordan Hustles the
America Into
a Cove.
Sunday Adventure
That Causes Many'
a Thrill.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1900,
10
¦fl-DVERTISElSEICTS.
'OOLDBEBO. BOVZN * CO' 8 SPECIAL 3171^3 BALS
Vista del Valle white wines. Saz»
ternes type
China ginger— preserved 15a
Good for the stomach—
reg'ly 20c stone pot
$iceet cider— pure apple juice
Mackerel $i 40
A good breakfast — easily
prepared— 10 Ib kit — regly $i 75
Eastem : sugar tcaf era — improved
quality
Cocoanut-sctepp 22J0
Shredded — improved process — fresh?
cocoanut flavor — reg'ly 30c lb pkg
Olives— Manzanilla • quart 25O
Extra large size gai qoq
Dentifrice pate' 2 0 c
Violet— (vee-o-Jay)
Tooth powder— Tvright 2 oc
For cleansing and preserving
the teeth— reg'ly 25c to 35c
Brilliantine— Pinaud small25C
reg'ly 30c and 45c bottle . large 40C
Imparts beauty and lustre to the hair
Big illustrated catalogue pub-
lished monthly and mailed
free on request.
411 Pine 23a Sutter iSoo California San Francisco
1075 Clav between Elsventti anj Twel ftti Oakland
EYE - GLASSES
That hold without pinching,
OPERA-GLASSES
Of high power at low prices.
PHOT OCRAPHJC OUTFITS
For SO cents and upwards.
Developing and Printing / f.i.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ise*. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPTlCIANS^o,^"';"^.
642 Market St. imstruments
under cHROMicit Bun.DiN&. Cataio{3uj Free.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The bent «Tidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found In tho continued
patronage 'of these who on some previous
occasion have nfade them their bead-
quarters when vlattlng San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management oa the
American and European plan.
,DR MULTY. =
X Specialist cure* Blood Pofso^, Gon^oVrn^G?^?
n&'^r* mln * 1^ ' akne »- Impotence and their
allied Disorders. ,Book on Diseases at Men, free!
OverCO vearVexperenee.TernM reasonable Hrmri*
»to3dalIy;«:30toS.30ev^Sandar,.iOtoiy:Con°ui:
tatlon free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddrcsa
P. RO8COB XcXULTT. 31. D
2G},'Kearnyst. t «an Francisco, CeL
CAFE NfflLfj^g
Ladles' tailor-made *ults, silk skirts, fur
ca-Dec; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 628 Sutter. •
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying gee
our "bureau tmnk.",A. B. Smith Co.. 128 Ellis.*
Big Sale.
Crystal Glassware
Clutter Di*ili Sets
ftagarltowl ' Sets
Cream Pitcher ( 8 cts
Spoon Holder «^. 4 cts
Water Pitcher „ tB cts
Water X"itcl»cr— % gallon 2O cts
Berry D2Kh *> cts
Berry DIkIi, large 12 cts
Water Goblet ¦» cts
Ciaret tilayg .. 3H cts
Wine Glass Sets
Flower Vase— 6 Inch 5 As
I'lower Vasc-»; fuels 15 cts
Cciery (Solder.. 18 cts
Vinegar Ilottle Sets
Salt and I'epper Shaker 4 cts
TiiliJt; Tnnibier 3 cts
We are Cutting: Prices
nil to Piece** Biiriiijj Our
BiJT Clearance Sale.
Great AniEricsjifni^ortlnirTea Gs.
SU Grant are., bet. Sutter and Post «t».
>Gl Maricct st.. orp. Powell.
T2 Market St.. Junction California.
OtTIt DRA.N-CH STORES EVERYWHERE.
ONLY FOUR MORE DAYS '
GREAT SACRIFICE
AUCTION
OF FINEST OTOICE PERFECT
ANTIQCK
Turkish | j gs^pf
i CiSlall I 5 f | va^F g^
MIHRAN:S COLtnCTIO •
SALE ABSOLUTE-Withont Reserve
TO-DAY MONDAY
AT 11 A. M/ AND 2 P. M.
Cor. GEARY a^SfGOSUOri STS.
Tour Last Chance to G«n Prwcial Marie
Rfis That Are Xot Carried by tV Trade
at YOril OWN PRICES.
To Jilts This Fa'.c Ik a Gr**t Miss.
A. \V. IXifDERKACK.
Auctioneer.
I V- -" '.
FAiN LESS
f&~Ui.^^L^ > f^^ Our $5.03 Pittas
§^^'&-l$WBf flt " ke Q a |ove -
Wffi^0P BR - K. L. WALSH
\J£X*>jr*&^ s^i; CEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telesnone Polk 1123.
§WM, \1GOR. VITALimorME*
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have -been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowerr. Positively cures the
worst cas^s In old and young
arising from effects of u*\l-
ab<if=e. <Ji«5ip.it1on. exce^s^a or
cisareue-ETnoldr.s. Curea
Manhood. Impotency, Log t
Power. Nlrht Looses. Innota-
r.la, I'air.s In Back. Kvil Deeires. Lame Hack
Ken-out I>ehllitv. Headache. ITnfitBess to Mar-
i y, I>o*s or Semen. «=» Varicocele or Con-
Ptipation. Ktopn N> »^ CJ rV ous Twitching
"t Eyelids. L!rectf^.J~lare Immediate
Impart vitor and*-^'* *9 potency to every
function. r>on't et-t despondent: a cure la at
hand. IU>*tore« small. undeveloped orjrans
f-'tirnulatee the brain and nerve centers- 60c a
\*>x; 6 for $2 50 by mall. A written ruaraatee to
cure or monry refunded with 6 boxes. Circular*
free. Afirtre;-* BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 E11U '
«^_, Fan I'^ancisco, Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO
28 and 40 Third eU
-_ ; , . .
GRIBI#^ Hunters' Equipments.
K Brt*5T" Fithlnc Tackle. Athlet-
C 5 lcx£ ic «oods. elo. Bedrock
f §¦«¦ ¦ Prices. Send for Cat- j
<&I1W alotrue. QEO. W. I
6HREVE. 739 Market >tj
GOLDBERG, BOWEN * C0'8 SPECIAL SAVINS BALE
BOWEN
* & CD
Fall delicacies are arriving
Each week we quote new
goods in stock. These men
tions will, grow more inter-
esting as the holiday season
advances.
i SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— reg'ly 50c lb 40C
ioc per Ib saved at these sales Is
surely worth more than some
trifling gift— 10 varieties .
New raisins and glace* citron
Hams — eastern . x ?2^
Old Dominion— bake in oven after"
boiling— recipe free— reg'ly 15c Ib
California spiced figs
Coffee— Kona i 22^
We believe nothing can excel our
Jave and Mocha blend— next to it
we recommend pure Kona— as we
1 sell it— reg'ly 27^0 lb *:;.".;:.
t California fruits in glass jars
Chret— Zinfandel 350
Good claret makes red blood — the
age regulates the price here— pure as '
the highest priced— reg'ly 50c gallon
French prunes in marasquin
Butter-creamery lb 27k
June made. Cut to order.
Mrs. Reed's stuffed prunes \
Maple syrup— nazen 65c
Notice the snap and flavor this
Vermont syrup possesses— _.
reg'ly Soc J gallon can •
German dill gherkins
Baking powder— Excelsior 20C
You will find it satisfactory— It
Is best advertised through the manv
who use it— reg ly 40c lb
Cream sugar wafers— 4 flavors--' ir
candy department
Cocktai IS— Imperial $ j
It will not be worth the time to
make your own after once trying
.these— reg'ly $1 25— 6 varieties
California black and white figs
CoCOa— Van Houten Qqq
H lb, J lb and i.lb tins best cocoa
_ made in Holland— reg'ly $1.00 lb
ShrimpS— -V(?ecOrfeana' 3 for 2CQ
Rinse in cold water— serve on
O lettuce with Sierra Madre Mayonnais*
—reg'ly 15c can
GLOVE,
HOSIERY jEPTS,
We have just opened and
placed on sale our Fall Importa-
tion of the CELEBRATED REY-
NIER GLOVES, In Both- Suefle and
Glace, all the latest- shades.
SPECIAL,
125 dozen FRENCH KID GLOVES, 2*or 3 clasp, in
• either Suede or Glace, all the latest shades, with Paris
Point Embroidery.
Price $1.00 pair
95 Cartons (850 pieces) NEW DOUBLE FACED
SATIN LIBERTY RIBBON, rine finish, the latest Fall
shades, goods full 31 Inches wide.
Price 30c yard
375 pieces latest weave SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON,
soft finish, 4 inches in width) these rlhhons are In
Creams, White, Pinks, Blues, Lavenders and 30 other
new shades. Price 30c yard
3 .G&es LADIES' NATURAL GRAY SANITARY
WOOL VESTS and DRAWERS in all sizes.
Price SI. 25 each
200 dozen Extra Qualitu UNLAUNDERED SHIRTS,
loth long and short hosoms.
Price 5Oc each >
'III. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,' ,