THE BELL CLANGS FOR THE LAST ROUND.
STALWART LEADERS CONFIDENT OF McKINLEY'S ELECTION,
WHILE THE BRYANITES REMAIN MOST SOLEMNLY DEFIANT
VOLUME LXXXTTII— NO. 159.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
PRETTY DEMONSTRATION
AT THE PRESIDENT'S HOME
?
Called to the Poreh by Cheering Towns
people, Mr. MeKinley Speaks
Briefly.
When the President mentioned the name
of Judge Day there was another enthusi
astic ovation and the Judge was con
stantly interrupted by applause while ha
spoke.
country to the other the American people
will speak (A voice. "For William Mc-
Kinley." Tremendous and long-continued
cheers), and we must wait reverently and
in patience for their verdict. I know you
will be glad to hear a word from our fel
low toT/nsman, Judge William Day, whj
has held a conspicuous place in the ad
ministration over which you called me to
preside in 1S9C I thank you and bid you
good-night." (Tremendous applause.)
BLOOMINGTON, 111., Nov. 5.-Adlal E.
Stevenson arrived home late last night
and spent to-day quietly with his family.
To-night he was the principal speaker at
the Coliseum, talking an hour on the ques
tion of Imperialism. Mr. Stevenson's re
ception by the audience was a great ova
tion. Mr. Stevenson has spoken continu
ously for six weeks in ten States, and he
said to-nlEht that he was confident of the
election of Mr. Bryan and himself. He
will vote early to-morrow and will re
ceive the returns in the evening at his
home.
of the Democratic Ticket.
Says He Is Confident of the Success
Afternoon stops were made at Lostant,
La Salle, Mendota, Amboy, Dixon, Pclo
and Freeport. \ -
STEVENSON BEACHES HOME.
Addresses by Presidential Candidate
John G. Woolley, National Chairman
Stewart and R. J. Radford, candidate for
Secretary of State for Illinois, were well
received at Bloomington El Paso was the
last stop of the forenoon. .
EL PASO, 111., Nov. 5.— The Prohibition
special train left Peoria this morning over
the Big Four for the final day's run of the
campaign, a total of eleven stops being
scheduled for the trip through Northern
Illinois. The first speaking of the day
was at Tremont. V": " "•-!
Towns.
Woolley Is "Well Received in Illinois
PROHIBITIONIST MEETINGS.
Judge Butler of the District Court, on
application of the Repifblican County
Committee to-day issued an order enjoin
ing the Board of County Commissioner*,
which is controlled by the Democrats,
from Interfering in any manner with the
deputies appointed by Sheriff Jones. The
board nevertheless met this afternoon and
revoked the commissions of all the dep
uties, disregaTdlng the court's order.
Killed in a Mine.
WALLACE, Idaho, Nov. 5.— Henry R.
Mesler of Oswego, Kans.. was killed by. a
cave-in at the Standard mine last night, v
BUTTE, Mont.. Nov. 5.— In a political
row" here to-night . several persons were
injured. Michael Torpy's injuries were
severe. The disturbance grew out of an
attempt to break up a marching club's
parade. .';-rv:
Injured in a Political Row.
ST. PAUL. Nov. 5.— An operation was
performed late to-day on Senator Davis,
which included the amputation of one of
his' toes. The patient stood the shock
well and Dr. Murphy, who 1 performed the
operation, reports that the Senator's con
dition is slightly more favorable.
Operation on Senator Da via.
Interested in It.
CLEVELAND, Xov. 5.— The Leader to
morrow will say:
According to a story which came out
here to-day, a new railroad syndicate has
been formed by the Goulds, E. H. Harri
man and John W. Gates. The new syn
dicate has now under its control the Chi
cago and Alton and its allied interests,
the Kansas City Southern, the "Wabash.
the Missouri Pacific and the Missouri.
Kansas and Texas and other properties In
the southwest country.
Under the new arrangement these roads
are to be put into the pool. The object
is to lessen the competition and to make
possible a new through service to the
Texas territory, which has not been ob
tainable out of Chicago hitherto. The
story has it that the syndicate is to reach
into this territory as well as control cer
tain Western systems by buying in the
Clover Leaf and then making overtures
for the possession of the "Wheeling and
Lake Erie. It is also said to be the
nucleus of a larger syndicate In the West
that will try to gain control of tne larger
roads there. _ .
Palls Dead on the Street.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 5.-Orlando M. Meek
lem. a carpenter. 49 years of age. fell dead
ion the street this evening' The cause was
heart disease. . .
RTTMOBS OF A NEW
TtATT.ROAD SYNDICATE
The .Goulds, E. H. Harriman and
John W. Gates Said to Be
•"¦>* ANTON, Ohio. Nov. 5.-The Me
m Klnley lawn, so famous in the
I . J campaign of 1S96. was to-night
• the scene of an enthusiastic
demonstration similar to that
which closed the campaign of four years
ago. The President was prevailed upon
to depart from his rule, which, in the face
of much pressure, has been inflexible all
through the campaign, and he made a
short address to his neighbors and fellow
townsmen, free from partisanship, but
apropos, of the election to-morrow. He
also introduced Judge Day for a short
speech from the famous front porch. The
occasion was an unadvertised and unan
nounced serenade by the "Grand Army
Band," with several thousand people fol
lowing the band with cheers and hurrahs
and a glare of red fire that illuminated
the whole scene about the McKinley
home.
The band appeared upon the streets
some time after dark, and the report that
the President was to be serenaded spread
like wildfire. First a score fell In behind
the band, then another score, then hun
dreds, and finally, by the time the McKin
ley home was reached, thousands. Some
where, no one knows how, a supply of red
fixe torches was secured and they were
burning at their height when the cheers
of the crowd around the house drowi.ci
the music of the band. Two or three se
lections were played in the street in front
of the house and then the band was in
vited to the front of Mrs. McKlnley's
parlot for another selection. •
After each number there had been calls
for the President, and finally he appeared
on the porch. He bowed to the crowds in
front of him and to his right and to his
left amid deafening cheers. There -were
calls for a speech, and some one pulled
from the vestibule of the house a relic
of the campaign of four years ago, a Ttn
nessee stump,' with polished top and en
graved emblem, brought here by a Ten
nessee delegation. The President stood
upon this and spoke as follows:
"My fellow citizens: I am very glad to
greet you once more at my old home. This
is not a .year when I am making speeches.
To-morrow - from one end ot the vast
tions be an accident. There is no earthly
excuse for the return to the conditions
that existed before the present adminis
tration. The people know what is before
them, and if they vote against their own
Instincts it is their own fault.
"The morrow promises success. The
great parade of Saturday in New York
shows that the business men are aroused.
For'hour after hour \hey -'marched in the
rain to testify to their devotion to the
cause of the nation and the flag, and it
augurs success." ' . ¦;&*
Governor Roosevelt then discussed in a
general way the national issues. He was
frequently cheered, and at the close of
the meeting was tendered a reception.
TROUBLE FEARED AT DENVBB.
Registration Lists Alleged to Be
Padded, and . Conflicts Expected.
DENVER, Nov. 5.— The registration ha3
been, largely Increased throughout Colo
rado this year, mainly through the ac
tivity of the women voters. In Denver
69.016 names are registered, 20,000 more
than in 18%. Charges of padding the reg
istration and colonizing have been made
pn both sides. On the national ticket the
question appears to be merely' the size of
Bryan's majority. The fusion State
ticket will not receive the entire Bryan
vote, but its success is regarded as prob
able nevertheless. The next Legislature
will elect a United States Senator to suc
ceed Walcott, and the fufalonlsts claim
that not over a dozen members pledged to
Walcott \ will be elected. Judge Hallett
in the United States District Court to
day made an order, forbidding- United
States Marshal Bailey to appoint deputies
to serve at the polls to-morrow. ¦> Sheriff
Jones . at Arapahoe County has sworn, in
500 or C00 Republicans as deputies to servb
at the polls in this city and the Demo
cratic Fire and Police Board has appoint
ed as many special policemen. ,
Feeling "is running; very high and it is
feared conflicts may occur at some of the
polling places to-morrow. The Republican
County Committee ; to-day published a list
of over 5000 names on the registration lists
of : persons, who. it ; is claimed, have '¦¦ no
"right to vote.
NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— Governor
Roosevelt wound up the Re
publican national campaign to
night by delivering an address
at Oyster Bay, L. I., before one
of the largest gatherings that ever as
sembled at that place. Prior to the meet
ing there was a parade, led by five bands.
When the Governor appeared ho was
greeted by long continued applause. He
said in part:
"In this campaign I have not only ap
pealed in my speeches to the Republicans
but to all who have the honor and integ
rity of the country at heart. I have ap
pealed to higher motives than partisan
ship; I have appealed to honor. I have
appealed to all, whether agreeing or dis
agreeing with me in politics, to stand by
their country. I have appealed to the
teachings of Jefferson and Jackson and of
Lincoln. Mr. Jefferson was an expansion
ist, and he it was who expanded over Ne
braska and governed the Indians without
their consent. The Indians have been suc
ceeded by the Populists, and they are gov
erned without their consent.
"Mr. Croker says he Is In politics for his
pocket. I am not criticizing him, only
quoting him. As for Jackson, he was tor
hard money, expansion and honor for the
flag. If Mr. Croker were to walk over
Jackson's gTave Jackson would turn over
In his grave with disgust We must beat
Bryan and also stamp out Bryanism.
"The Republican party stands to-day
for continued prosperity. Compare the
times to-day with those four years ago,
when McKinley became President. Bryan
said If McKinley were elected there would
be bad times. We said there would be
prosperity and there- has been.
"The triumph of silver would paralyze
business and it would hurt most the la
boring man and the mechanic— those who
are paid by the week and month. There
has been greater prosperity in the last
four years than ever before. The price'of
produce has Increased 60 per cent; fail
ures have decreased; mortgages. have de
creased in number and amount; the de
posits in the savings banks have in
creased, and all this in spite of Mr. Bry
an's prophecy. This cannot be called an
accident." nor can a return to old condi-
Addresses a Great Gathering at Oyster
Bay and Deelares That Bryanism
Must Be Stamped Out.
ROOSEVELT CLOSES THE
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
" 'Four years ago on election night the Journal beat the entire country with the news of William McKinley's election.
This year the Journal expects history to repeat itself.' J. H. MANLEY."
, George Stone, chairman of the Republican State Central Committee, received a telegram last night from National Committeeman Manley containing the astounding information that
the Evening Journal considers Bryan's cause hopeless. The message is as follows:
"Republican National Headquarters, New York, Nov. 5, 1900, 7:53 p. m.
"George Stone, chairman Republican State Central Committee, San Francisco, Cal: To-day's Evening Journal, Bryan's chief organ (last column, sec
ond, page), concedes McKihley's election in these words: V
Announces in His New York Evening Journal His Belief That the History of McKin
ley^ Election in 1896 Will Repeat Itself.
HEARST ADMITS HOPELESSNESS OF BRYAN'S CAUSE.
tho order issued on Sunday to captains
regarding the McCullagh deputies and
voters would be rescinded. The order of
the Mayor read as follows:
"You will at once revoke the order is
sued from your office on the 4th inst.
relative to the duties of the police force
on election day, and you will issue Imme
diately such further orders as will re
quire your subordinates to co-operate
¦with and also in the execution and en
forcement of the metropolitan election
district law and amendments thereto."
Later Mayor Van Wyck made the fol
lowing statement:
"There will be no Intimidation or vio
lence at the election. It will pass off as
quietly as that of a country village. The
Chief of Police will take charge of that
and will preserve ore*. I have the ut
most confidence in the Chief. He knows
Ills duty and is a perfectly efficient Chief
and understands how to maintain peace
end order."
Chief Devery said that there would be
no trouble at the polls to-morrow and
that he would enforce the orders of the
Mayor to the letter.
ONLY A TAMMANY TRICK.
Spurious Letter Warning Republican
Voters of Impending 'Arrest.
NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— Republicans
¦who. had given the time of their residence
in their election districts as thirty days
were much worried to-day upon receiv
ing what purported to be a warning let
ter sent out by the National Protective
Association, city of New York, and dated
at 1 Madison av'enue," where the head
quarters of the Republican National and
County committees are located. The let
ter suggested to the voter that as there
was a warrant out for his arrest he be
accompanied to the polls by a friend, who
would give a ball bond. These letters
were en plain paper, without a printed
letterhead or other evidence of their
origin. They were mailed on Sunday and
delivered th's morning. Many of the re
cipients hastened to Republican national
or county headquarters to ask what the
warning meant. Republican officials knew
nothing about the letters. A search
through the city director}* failed to dis
close the "National Protective Associa
tion." These letters were characterized
by Republicans as evidence of "contempt
ible and cowardly Tammany roorbacks."
All Republicans who came to mane in
quiry were told to go and vote and were
assured of protection. No warrants such
as are described in the letters are out.
Republican lawyers and bondsmen will be
at each of the Magistrates' courts to de
fend Republican voters and also at the
county courthouse to obtain the necessary
writs permitting voters to vote who are
improperly prevented from so doing.
? —
EXODUS FROM WASHINGTON.
Government Employes Hasten to
Their Homes to Vote.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 5.— All the trains
I leaving the national capital to-day were
I crowded with voters going to their homes
j to cast their ballots to-morrow. From the
Government printing office alone almost
3500 employes have gone and the ratio is
almost as heavy from the other Govern
ment bureaus. All applications for leave
of absence for this purpose, except where
I absolutely Inconsistent with the public
service, were granted. With the exception
of Secretary Hay and Secretary Gage all
the Cabinet officers will vote at their
homes.
These two, with such guests as may be
invited, will assemble at the White House
to-morrow night to receive the election
returns. They will be In direct tele
i graphic and telephonic communication
j with the President and with the National
t Republican headquarters in Chicago and
j New York. Representative Loudenslager.
I who has charge of the Republican branch
j headquarters here, will receive the return"
¦ and keep tab en the complexion of the
I next House of Representatives. Repre
j sentatlve Richardson of Tennessee, chair -
j man of the Democratic Congressional
Committee, will be here to-morrow,' night
to receive returns at headquarters.
>
HANNA LEAVES CHICAGO.
Will Spend the Evening With. Mc-
Kinley at Canton.
CHICAGO. Nov. 5.-Chairman Hanna
and Secretary Heath of the Republican
National Committee left to-night for their
respective homes at Cleveland and Mun
cle, Ind. After voting to-morrow Chair
man Hanna will go to Canton and sprnd
the day with President McKinley. He will
return to his home during the evening and
receive the election returns at the Union
Club in Cleveland. He will not return to
Chicago again this fall. During the latter
part of this week he will go to New York
to oversee the closing of the New York
headquarters, then return to Cleveland
and remain there until Congress* opens In
December.
Mr. Heath, after visiting Muncle to-mor
row morning, will return to headquarters
In Chicago and will remain here until all
the accounts of the committee are settled
and the furniture shipped. The commit
tee's mail should be addressed during thin
week to Chicago and it will be attended to
by Secretary Heath. After this week all
communications Intended for the. commit
tee should be addressed to Washington,
where the national committee will have
temporary headquarters. ¦ ' . .
driven to police headQuaxters, where he
called upon Chief Devery. The Mayor and
the Chief of Police were closeted together
for an hour. At the conclusion of the
conference Chief Devery announced that
in accordance with the Mayor's orders
NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— Governor Roose
velt's message 'was delivered to Mayor
Van Wyck at the Democratic Cluo to
night. The Mayor took a cab and was
••I not fall to call to summary ac
count cither State or city authorities In
the event of either being g-uilty of Intimi
dation or connivance at fraud or failure
to protect every legal voter In his rights.
I therefore hereby notify you that In the
event of any wrongdoing following upon
the i failure immediately to recall Chief
Devery's order, or upon any action or In
action on the part of Chief Devery, I
jnust necessarily call you to account.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
•My attention has been called to the
cSdal order Issued by Chief of Police
r>every. In •which he directs his subordi
nates to disregard the chief of the State
Ejection Bureau, John McCullagh. and
his deputies. Unless you have already
taken Eteps to secure the recall of this
crder it is necessary for me to point out
that I shall be obliged to hold you re
sponsible, as the head of the city govern
ment, for the action of the Chief of Po
lice, IX it should result in any breach of
the peace and Intimidation or any crime
whatever against t"he election laws. The
Eiate and city authorities should work
together.
OYSTER BAY. L. I.. Nov. 5.— Governor
Roosevelt cent the following communica
tion to-night to Mayor Van Wyck of New
Tork:
Infamous Police Order Re
scinded.
ROOSEVELT ACTS PROMPTLY
Causes Iffiayor Van Wyck to Have
Candidates arfl leaders are all going
home to vote. President McKinley will
remain in Canton. Mr. Bryan completed
his whirlwind canvass in Nebraska and
will vote In Lincoln. Governor Roosevelt
rested at Oyster Bay. and Adlai E. Ste
venson returned to Bloomlngtcki, 111. Sen
ator Kanna is in Cleveland, where he will
vote to-mcrrow and then proceed to Can
ton, where he will receive returns with
The President. Mr. Odell, Republican can
didate for Governor, is at Newburg, and
Mr. Stanchfield, Democratic candidate for
Goverrcr, has returned to his home In
Elmira to vote.
Betting cor.tir.ued to be strongly on Mc-
Kinley. In Chicago odds as high as 7 to
1 that McKinley would be elected were
effered: In Boston and Philadelphia of
fers were made at 6 to 1. Betting in this
city ranged from 4 to 1 to 5Vi to 1 on Mc-
Kinley.
Overregjstration In many of the upper I
districts is likely to cause considerable j
congestion at the polis. In this way many j
voters who »•¦«• »«¦*«" <u p-ettJr.^ to the polls I
sr*» UkeTy to be enfranchised. TVarn!nrs !
have been distributed to thousands of r.ew j
voters in the city Informing them that
they ere likely to be arrested If they at
teznpt to vote, and advising them to go to
the polls accompanied by bondsmen.
Claims and counter-claims on election
eve were as numerous as usual. Mr.
Odell, chairman of the Republican State
Committee, insisted that New York would
rive McKinley 100.000 plurality. Mr. Cro
ker, leader of the Democratic party in the
State, put his figures at S3.000 and admit
ted in private conversation to other per
sons that Bryan would have 90.009 plural
ity In Greater New York. The Democrats
r!aim that they will carry Illinois, Indi
ana, Ohio and New York. The general
trend in the West would seem to indicate
that the Republicans there are graining
confidence. ".
Both political parties are urging their
cdherents to g-o to the polls early and
vote.
n.ldressed to Mayor Van Wyck, Sheriff
Grill £r.d District Attorney Gardiner, ap
prising them cf his intention to hold them
personally responsible for any connivance
rr neglect of duty on their part In eon
n«K;tion with frauds against the elective
franchise in New York City, but the latest
crd4r of Chief Devery rescinding his first
one will, it Is hoped, avert trouble.
Governor Roosevelt added to the popular
fxciteirsent by issuing pronunciamentos
force on Sunday, advising them that no
rr.an in the act cf voting- should be Inter
fered with, led to an unexpected and sen
fational outcome •when the November
Grand Jury met and indicted Devery.
order issued by Chief Devery to the police
the city cf New York the situation was
enlivened by the prospect of a clash at
the polls between the police force, which
Js supposed to favor the Democratic
cause, and the deputies of State Superin
tendent of Elections McCullagh, who is
supposed to favor the Republicans. The
in the great centers of popula
tion. Republicans were very confident.
Democrats solemnly defiant and betting
odds were still largely on McKinley. In
NEW" YORK. Nov. 5.— With every
prospect of beautiful weather,
the campaign closed to-night.
Party fcclir.g was running high
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Both Political Parties Are Urging Their
Adherents to Go to the Polls
Early and Vote.
Sensational Incidents in New "York
Attend the Closing of the
Campaign.
PROSPECT OF BEAUTIFUL
WEATHER WHICH AUGURS
A REPUBLICAN VICTORY
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
UNCLE SAM — Time and the wind-up, 'gentlemen. Shake hands and go to it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.day directing the police to Interfere with
McCullagh's deputies on election^ day.
Much surprise was created \?y the
action of District Attorney Gardiner in
issuing a formal statement denouncing
the indictment of Chief Devery and as
serting his belief that it is without value.
Chief Devery after furnishing ball said
he resented the attempt of Superintend
ent McCullagh to Intimidate him and is
sued an order to members of the police
department directing them to permit no
arrests, even on warrants, of any per
son who has received a ballot, until the
act of voting has been completed. This
order is In direct contradiction of the in
structions Issued to the deputies of the
Superintendent of Elections. Warrants
for the arrest of several scores of indi
viduals suspected ot planning to cast il
legal votes were sworn out to-day and
will be served to-morrow If possible.
State Chairman Odell has addressed a
card calling upon Republican workers to
be at tho polls early, not to engage in
controversies with Democrats, and prom
ising the workers protection against in
timidation and threatening the obstruc
tionists with punishment.
Arrested for Instructing Police to[ Make
No Arrests Until Votes Are Cast.
WlUUAil JUJS.Y.K.KX, CHU^r Ur 1'UijlCt; Uf nt.\\ YUKK, WHO; WAS
ARRKSTED AT THE INSTIGATION OF THE SUPERINTENDENT OF
ELECTIONS OWING TO AN OBNOXIOUS ORDER. |
DEYERY DECIDES TO
RESCIND HIS ORDER
LINCOLN. Neb.. Nov. 5.— With j
the exception of seven speeches ;
to be made at Omaha to 1 night. j
William J. Bryan completed h>s j
Presidential campaign tour of i
this State with * speech In this, his home j
city, at G o'clock this evening. He re- ;
turned here at that time from a twelve- j
hour tour of the Interior of the State, ar.d j
proceeding immediately to the People's j
square delivered a speech of about thirty
minutes 1 duration to his townspeople.
Mr. Bryan seemed entirely satisfied
with the audiences that greeted him at
various points of his own State. Many of
the place.? at which he spoke are Repub
lican in sentiment, but in all cases the
crowds were :arge in proportion to the |
population, and in most of them there was |
a high degree of friendly interest man:- j
fest. :
Outside of Lincoln and Omaha. Hastings |
supplied the largest audience cf the day. |
At that place Mr. Bryan spoke for a half- j
hour, and in connection with his discus- j
sion of the Boer question Mr. Bryan re
ferred to the election of John Burns to
Parliament. On that point Mr. Bryan
said: \
"They have recently had an election In ¦
England, and John Burns, who represents j
a labor district, was re-elected there, ami |
he made his fight against the imperialism j
that was manifesting itself in South Af- j
rlca. and I want to read you an extract
from his speech, for when our man Kent !
from* this State, one of the two delegates \
from the Unltei States to the Labor Con- I
gtess in England, went over there he |
found that the tirst thing the laboring t
men of England did was to pass a resolu- j
tion condemning the Boer war. They say
we ought not to say anything against the !
Filipino war. They would deny to us the
right of free speech that they even
have in England, and say that in free
America we shall not raise our voice
against Injustice and the violation of the
constitution. And yet the laboring men
of England passed their resolution de
nouncing the Boer war. and John Burns
was re-elected over there after making a
speech, an extract from which I will
read. Speaking- of the programme of what
he declared the new imperialist, he said:
" 'In a word, the new Imperialist prac
tices and gets the people's army and jiavy
to enforce his sordid ideals. A nation
which countenances that is doomed; a
people that connives at it is already half
way on the road to slavery. A working
class that does not resist It is destined to
be taught the sharpest lesson they ever
received."
"That is what John Burns of England
said to the British people In his contest
for re-election; when he made the issue
on the Boer war. And yet In this country
you will find Republicans who want to do
exactly In the Orient what England is do-
Ing in South Africa. To-day the United
States ia not able to sympathize with the
others, for if the Republican party were
to announce to th« Government a resolu
tion of sympathy Srtth the Boers. Eng
land through Parliament, would ask what
was the matter with the Filipinos. The
Republican party to-day Is doing just
what the Tories and the Conservatives of
England are doing over there. "We are
waging a war of conquest, a war for the
purchase of trade: and if you will read
what was said by Senator Hawley In the
United States Senate you will flnd that
they want an army In this country to co
erce laboring men. and you will flnd that
Mr. Hull, the chairman of the House
Military Committee. In a letter in which
he advised and recommended accepting a
site for a fort near Des Molnes. said:
" *lt has been the policy of the depart
ment to concentrate the troops near the
large centers of population, where many
railway lines converge and allow of them
being rapidly transported to points of
threatened disturbance.'
"That has been the policy in recent
years, and yet when I said the other day
that one purpose of the large army was
to coerce laboring men and have the army
near large centers to suppress strikes Mr.
Roosevelt said that I was stirring up class
prejudice; and yet I was using the very I
language that was used by the chairman
of the Military Committee of the House,
a Republican from Des Moines. Iowa, and
I was only telling in the same language
what Mr. Hawley. as Senator, stated in
the United States Senate a year ago."'
Mr. Bryan made brief speeches at the
towns of Aurora. York and Seward. ad
dressing large and enthusiastic audience*
at each of these places. His remarks at
c.ich place were a summary of his pr»
\iuus speeches, and he touched upon a!',
tne principal questions of the campaign.
He took occasion at each place to oh*erv»
the importance of electing the whole
Democratic ticket and of sendin" a fu
p-onist to the Senate in place of Senator
Thurston.
Mr. Bryan was met at the Burlington
station by a large throng of people upon
his arrival here at »> o'clock to-nijrh? from
the Interior of th» State. He ppnke fn»m
a temporary stand in PosrnfTice s>iuar»*
and in the main devoted himself to thf
general Issues of the campaign. The
speech was generously applaudfd and was
evidently well received. The meeting was
a purely informal one. and there was n >
chairman present to preside over it. In
Intrortucing his «pee< h Mr. Bryan referral
to this fact, and also referred' to th*r fact
that this was a homecoming for himself.
He said during his address:
"Whether I am elected or not. I think
my experience will he »>f some service N>
my country, fnr I havf shown that a.
yourg man. without a stngle corporation
behind him. can amount tr» something.
But don't think that when I say this I
fay it in a boasting way. for whatever
has come to me has not come beca'i^e or
personal merit; it has simply come be
cause I have stood for certain Ideas, an<l
the poople have bei»n so fond of the M(M
that they have taken me In order to get.
the ideas.
"In this rampaisn our party stands f«r
rert^ln ideas, and I cannot hope to b
elected uhle?s» those ideas are acceptahl
to the American people. We have foucV.
the campaign anovehrard. We hav«>
appealed to the conscience and to thr
judgment of the American people. Our
platform Is so plain that every one who
can read can understand It. and It has
been discussed ao often that even if a
person cannot read he has some idea in
regard to It. You know where the party
stands. It has not dodged any Issues. I',
.•tands on the old questions as It stood
and it has added to Its platform planks to
cover new Issue*."
The body of the speech -wasi devoted to
a discussion of the trusts and the ques
tion of Imperialism, the bond question antl
the subject of pensions. On all of these
subjects the speech followed familiar
lines. In conclusion Mr. Bryan said:
"Now. my friends, let me thank you
ngain. I thank the soldiers, the Home
Ouard*. the Continentals, the traveling
men. you citizens all. My work Is done,
or almost done, for this campaign. I
have tried as well as I could to defend
the principles of the party to which I be
long. Whether T am defeated or elected.
I have done all I can to bring success to
these principles. Whether I am to leav*
you in a few months to be absent four
years or whether I am to be smnn? you.
I cannot In words exDress my gratitude
for all you have done for me."
Mr. .Rrya» to-nisrh* .*»•»• oat the fol
lowing statement:
"The evidence Is In. the arguments havA
been made and the case Is now rabmittert
to the jury. If the jury will accept th*
Declaration of Independence and the con
stitution of the United States as the In
structions of the court there will be no
doubt about the verdict. I hope that our
people will vote early, and then see that
the vote is counted as cast. I have been
informed that there is a plan to buy any
purchasable voters with a sum contin
gent upon gains in the precinct, but I do
not believe that th* plan will work, be
cause a Democrat who would become a
Republican worker at the last moment
would be suspected by his neighbors, and
I believe that the people are so much In
earnest that bribery upon any extended
scale will be Impossible."
Declares That Whether Elected or
Not He Has Been of Serv
ice to the Country.
Democratic Candidate's Last Cam
paign Speech Is Made at
His Own Home.
WILLIAM J, BRYAN
COMPLETES TOUR
OF MANY 5TATES
REPUBLICANS CERTAIN OF SWEEPING VICTORY
Before going away to-night Mr. Hern
ley, chairman of the Republican State
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 5.— Before leav
ing for. his home at Spencer to-night
Chairman Martin of the Democratic State
Committee made the following statement:
"I see no reason for changing my predic
tions. . I believe Indiana will go Demo
cratic by a very safe majority."
LANDSLIDE IN INDIANA.
The fuslonists say Bryan will carry the
State by at least 2000, and that their Con
gressional and State nominees . will be
elected by majorities ranging from 1500 to
3500. They also claim they, will hare a
majority of not less than 20 on joint bal
lot In the State Legislature, insuring the
return of Richard ¦ F. Pettigrew to the
United States Senate.
SIOUX FALLS. S. D.. Nov. 5.— The eve
of election finds both parties still stoutly
claiming that they will carry the State.
Conservative Republicans estimate that
the majority for their State ticket will be
between 6000 and 8000, and that this ma
jority will carry with It the Congressional
and State tickets and a comfortable ma
jority on joint ballot in the next Legisla
ture. :
HOUSTON. Tex., Nov. 5. — Only ordinary
interest Is being shown In to-morrow's
election and indications are that a light
vote will be polled throughout the State.
The Democratic managers claim that.
Bryan's majority will be anywhere from
175,000 to 200,000. and that the only fight Is
in the Tenth Congressional- District, where
the result will be close. The Republicans
claim Jones', election In the Tenth.
CLAIMS IN SOUTH DAKOTA.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Nov. 5.-The So
cialist vote, coming principally from
workers In the. textile manufactories, will
show a large increase and the Republican
managers expect to increase their plu
rality of 22.000 of four years ago. /
TEXAS ALWAYS DEMOCRATIC.
RHODE ISLAND'S VOTE.
the Democrats will elect Congressmen in
the First. Second, Sixth and Eighth dis
tricts Is pimply a bluff, made, for the pur
pose of Intimidation. The Republicans of
Iowa are awake this time and will give
MeKinley 77.000 plurality and will «lect
every Republican Congressional candidate.
MAY CARRY VIRGINIA.
RICHMOND, Va.. Nov. 5.— Bryan Is ex
pected to carry Virginia by about 20,000
and the Democrats claim they will elect
seven of the ten Congressmen.
Continued on Third Page.
NEW ORLEANS. Nov. 3.— The Demo
crats are confident of a sweeping victory
in the State and think the old majority
will be maintained as the Democratic
registration has not been reduced. . while
the new Republicans will not .exceed; In
number the eliminated negroes. The-Re
publicans, however, say that they have
gained largely from Democratic ranks and
they have many volunteers .who will
watch the count.
IOWA CERTAINLY REPUBLICAN.
DES MOINES, la.. Nov. 5.— Republican
Chairman H.-B. -.Weaver to-day issued a
statement saying: "There is absolutely
no question that"' the Republicans will
carry every Congressional district in Iowa
and the claim made by Democratic Chair
man Huffman on the eve of election- that
VOTE IN LOUISIANA.
JACKSON. Miss.. Nov. 5.— With Indica
tions for fair weather generally over the
State of Mississippi to-morrow the chair
men of the executive committees are ex
pecting a bi* vote. The farming element,
however. Is being kept busy in the cotton
fields, picking being unusually active on
account of the danper of frost. The Dem
ocrats claim 50.000 t *> M.000 majority.
IN MISSISSIPPI.
RALEIGH, N. C:, Nov. 5.-The Demo
crats closed their campaign to-day witri
meetings in every Congressional District.
They are confident of victory in all but
the Eighth and Ninth districts. These
are doubtful and both sides are PUttln.8
forth every effort to carry them. If tnerfc
is any trouble at the polls to-morrow it
will probably be over the Senatorial con
test, which is hot and bitter.
WHEELING, W. Va., Nov. 5.— The situ
ation to-nlght Is unchanged The Repub
licans continue to claim the State b> over
15.000.
.THE VOTE IN NORTH CAROLINA.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION. Vt... Nov
5.-With the work of the Presidents
campaign completed the Republicans a.e
confident-of carrying the State and Che
Democrats are hopeful of cutting down
McKinley's 38.000 plurality of four years
ago. The Republicans don't expect to
carry the State by the 30.000 majority of
last September, when a Senatorial contest
aroused great Interest. They pred ct at
least 27,000 majority for the national can
didates.
OUTLOOK IN WEST VIRGINIA.
THE VOTE IN VERMONT.
that no unusual change In sentiment will
be manifested at the polls.
securing affidavits in order that they may
be enabled to vote to-morrow. It Is esti
mated that the vote of the State will be
more than 10 per cent short on account of
the registration law failing to provide for
the opening of the books after the State
clf-ctlon in June.
BIG VOTE IN WASHINGTON.
SEATTLE, Nov. 5.— Both the Repub-
Ihan and Democratic State committees
announced to-night that all preliminary
work for to-morrow's election in this
State has been completed. Both seem
confident of success. The registration
hero Is the largest In the history of the
country. Every effort to get early re
turns has been made, but owing to the
heavy bailot. It is feared that the exact
account will be delayed until late Wednes
day morning.
RALLIES IN MONTANA.
HELKXA. Mont., Nov. 5.— Both parties
held closing rallies in this city to-night.
The Republican speaker was Senator
Thomas 11. Carter, who held forth at the
Auditorium. Ex-Governor Joseph K.
Toole. fusion nominee for Governor, spoke
nt Mings" Opera-house. Both houses were
crowded to the utmost capacity and
there was enthusiasm running over.
There were torchlight processions before
the meetings. Both processions were lib
erally supplied with fireworks and kept
the skies flaring. The Democrats had
more men in line than the Republicans.
There-were meetings at Butte and a fev»
other places, but for the most part the
campaign ended Saturday night. There
is no reason to change the forecast sent
out then.
AT THE NATIONAL CAPITAL.
WASHINGTON*. Nov. 5.— Intense inter
est in the result of to-morrow's election
Is manifest in Washington. Never be
fore have the preparations for receiving
?.nd displaying the election returns been
more complete than for to-morrow night.
The newspapers, clubs, stock brokers*
offices and private individuals have made
elaborate preparations for the election.
The President and the greater portion of
his Cabinet are out of the city. Secretary
Hay. bf-ing a resident of the District of
Columbia, has no vote, and he, with Sec
retary Gage and a limited number of In
vited guests, will assemble at the White
House and receive the returns. They
also will be in long-distance telephone
communication with the President and
with the Republican headquarters in Chi
cago and New York. There has been an
exceptionally large exodus of Government
employes' to vote. No restrictions have
been placed on employes because of party
affiliations. Representatives of the Re
publican and Democratic Congressional
committees will be on hand at their re
spective headquarters to receive and
tabulate the returns with particular re
gard to the political complexion of the In
coming House of Representatives.
AS TO ALABAMA.
MONTGOMERY. Ala.. Nov. 5.— There is
not the least excitement over to-morrow's
and reaJly but little interest, ex
orpt in the Seventh Congressional Dis
trict, which both sides claim. However,
Indications point to Democratic success.
The vote In *hf State will b* light, with
about the usual Democratic majority.
NO- DOUBT AS TO GEORGIA.
ATLANTA, Ga.. Nov. 5.— There being no
doubt as to how Georgia will cast her
vote on the general election to-morrow,
the local Democratic clubs are urging the
voters to go to the polls and make Bry
an's majority as large as possible. Vice
Chairman Brown of the State Democratic
executive committee claims that Georgia
will give Bryan a majority of 60,000.
ALL IS WELL IN WISCONSIN.
MILWAUKEE. WiS.. Nov. 5.—Indica
tions point to Republican success
throughout Wisconsin. Even the Demo
cratic press concedes the State to McKin
loy. The Republican State ticket will un
doubtedly be elected. Of the ten Con
gressmen to be elected nine are particu
larly conceded to the Republicans, the
Democrats having a chance in the Second
District.
WILL CARRY NORTH DAKOTA.
KAROO. N. D.. Nov. 5.— Neither com
mittee has any changes to make in its
estimates. McKInley. it Is claimed, will
carry the State, but the Republican State
ticket will get a smaller vote, though ap
parently the State is safely Republican.
An increase of 10.000 or 15,000 votes will
make the majority rather uncertain. A
big fight is being maxle here for members
of the State Senate holding over until the
Senatorial election.
TENNESSEE IN DOUBT.
NASHVILLE. Tenn.. Nov. 5.— Chairman
Fitzpatrlck of the Democratic Committee
*aid to-day: "We have good news from
all over th« State to-day, and I have no
doubt about the result in Tennessee for
either Bryan or McMlllin."
Mr. Brook, acting Republican chairman,
paid: "We expect to elect three Congress
men and to increase our majority in the
I^pislature. -\Ve believe there has been
considerable change over the State for
MeKinley, perhaps enough to give him the
State."
NO CHANGE IN ABKANSAS.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. Nov. 5.— To-night
the Democratic managers are confident
Bryan will carry Arkansas in to-morrow's
election by a majority almost equaling
that of 1S36. when the figures exceeded 72,
000 on a Democrat and Populist fusion
ticket.
The Republicans give the State to Bry
an, but will not concede over 40,000'plu
rality.
STRUGGLE IN MICHIGAN.
DETROIT. Mich.. Nov. 5.— Both parties
In Michigan are confident of success to
morrow. Mayor Maybury of Detroit.
Democratic candidate for Governor, and
Colonel Bliss of Saginaw, his Republican
opponent, issued signed statements late
to-day. In which each confidently asserts
that he will be elected. Senator James
McMillan In an interview this afternoon
said:
"I feel confident of a preat Republican
victory, both nationally and In this State.
1 predict our majority in Michigan will be
between 70,000 and 75,000."
The Democrats have, jrfven out'no'fig
ures, hut claim that their State ticket will
be elected, and also that they will elect
several Congressmen. Governor Plngree
haw made strenuous efforts to secure the
adoption of the constitutional amendment
permitting the taxation of railroads and
other corporations on the cash value of
their property Instead of specifically upon
their earnings, as at present. He has
mailed circulars to thousands of voters
throughout the State, urging t*ie impor
tance of its adoption.
CLAIMS IN CONNECTICUT.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Nov. 5.—Observ
ers who are not Intensely partisan predict
a safe MeKinley margin and a probable
Republican victory on the State ticket.
On the latter point, however, they. are
careful not to express in figures their
opinions.
The two State committees to-day issued
new statements. Each was full of con
fident claims more emphatic than the con
tentions contained in the statements of
last week. The Republicans insist with
Increased figures that a -wholesale victory
for that party is In the air.. The Demo
crats are more combative than . hereto
fore, and in addition to claims of a State
ticket walkover are inclined to take Con-
HAHD FIGHT IN NEVADA.
RENO. Nev., Nov. 5.— The last day of
the campaign in Nevada was marked by
nrtive work on both Fides. On the sur
face the indications are that it will be
very close. The Republicans have made
a hard fight to elect Farrington for Con
press, and the chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee says Farring
ton will be t-Iected by 500 majority. The
Democrats, on the other hand, feel very
confident that they will. carry the State
as in 1K<6. for Bryan and return Newlands
to Congress. Every fndlcatlon points to
fair weather and a large vote being polled
to-morrow, j .»,¦. _¦ < .^
OREGON IN EIGHT COLUMN.
PORTLAND. Nov. 5.— Oregon will vote
for Presidential Electors only to-morrow
and the indications are that MeKinley
will have a plurality of at least 10.000.
The Democrats concede that the State
will give the Republican ticket . a ma
jority. Politicians have been - active
all day assisting unregistered voters In
find Democratic State chairmen have
made no changes in their estimates as
given on Saturday night. A few. speeches
were made to-night in the principal cities
r>f the Stnte. The feature of the closing
of the campaign In this city wai» the joint
r>bat* to-night at the theater between
Sutherland and King, the candidates for
congress. Tickets were widely distributed
and an immense crowd listened to the ad
dre*se*.
GREAT ACTIVITY IN UTAH.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 5.— This has been a
<Jay of political activity. Tho Republican
political frittiatlon in this RtatP since. Sat
urday Tiltrht. Koth slides to-riifjht profe«s
pr*>«t oap^rneivs for the battle to-morrow,
and the utmort confidence in the result.
The Republicans claim a victory for T.Ic-
Kinley by VZ.O(*> plurality, the State ticket
*iy a plurality fomewhat les=«. the election
of eight Conpr<Fsmrn and a majority on
joint hp.llot in the General Assembly. The
fusionistP conefde one Congressman to
tho lir-publioanp. but claim everything
*>If*, placing Hryan's pluraJits' at 16.000.
The letting odds are in favor of the Re
pabllcans, but very little money is being
wagered. >>¦'.' % *j':
CLAIMS MADE IN KANSAS.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Nov. S.— There has
been no important development in the
JONES CLAIMS FOR BRYAN.
CHICAGO. Nov. 5.— Chairman James K. I
J •¦: — of tlse i-vrnccritie National Com- J '
mitt?e pave out the following on the out- j
look on the eve of rlec'ion:
"I have no doubt that the result of the i
ballot to-morrow v.ill be the triumphant i i
rlfr'itn of Brysn and Stevenson. The 1 '
Democratic party has appealed :n this •
campaign to the reason and conscience of j ,
the p^opi*. while the Republicans have J •
appealed to pa.~<on and prejudice. In the i 1
grest forum of public opinion I have no j
doubt the Democratic party has won in !
this, the greatf-Ft of its national political j
Mrupelrs. Four years .-igo the Democratic i
party was defidentln oiganization._ where- i
as now H is perfectly organized and more
efficient than it has been in any campaign, i
The rational committee has been in tou'h i
with every part of the country an-i is fa- j
mlliar with all the details of the work. ;
While the campaign fund has not been en- '
ri<hed by th •• contribution? of great j
trusts, it has received the patriotic mites j
of the girat working o!a5ses in sufficient
quantities to defray the expenses of the j
campaign, whi^h is more satisfactory
than if it had he*>n otherwise. The coun- j
try is now aroused as it has n^ver boen '
before since the great civil war. and the ,
result ran be nothing les? than the tri- |
umphant electit n of the national Demo- ; I
critic ticket." '
McKINLEY'S STATE SAFE.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 5.— AH sp^cu'.atinn
to-night Is on the question of Democratic I
pains in :he cities and Republican gains';
in the n-ral districts of Ohio. John R. ,
McLean is here trying to reduce the Re- |
publican plurality in Hamilton County j
or.p-half. This county pave MeKinley al- •
most 20.000 plurality four years ago. Rp- |
publican State Chairman Dirk says his
poll shows over M/vifj for MeKinley and ;
Bt yenteea of the twenty-one Congressman, j
Df-mo ratio Ptate Chairman Long claims ; i
Bryan will carry Ohio "unUss prevented i
by coercion ar.1 purchase." Both sides are j
issuing rotioos and warnings about the j
use of pen<-iis and al! ports of fraud. There
is much excitement in some cities, and
especially in ;he towns of close Con
gressional districts. It was thought that
there would be no Congressional contests |
h^re. but much fig-htin^ ha!> developed be
tween Hromwell. Republican, and KettUr,
I^mocrat. in ihe Second District.
MINNESOTA IS REPUBLICAN.
. ST. PAT.'L. Nov. n.— This year's cam
l";.'i?n in Illnnesota has been closely con
u-stM su nearly all points, although the
rnort work has been done by the D^mo
rrats on the Governorship and the three
Railroad «"ommlssionerships. The election
of the MeKinley Electors sr-ems assured,
but the Democratic committee is express
ing a belief in the possibility of Bryan
carrying the State without actually claim
ing it. The Republicans place the Mc
.Kinley plurality at from 50.000 to 75.000.
The re-election of Governor John Kind j
OTCT Captain Vf.ii Sant is claimed by the
Democrat? by over £;1/WO. which is the tie- ¦
tire given by the Republicans in their
claim for Van Fant. The result for Gov
ernor will undoubtedly be close. The Re
piihlicanp •will elect the balance of their
State ti^k^t down to Railway Commis
sioner, which the Democrats have put up
a ftiff fight for. making the result doubt
ful.
CHICAGO. Nov. 5.— The following <
statement was given out at the j
headquarters of the Republican i
National Committee: /
"There are few surface indica
tions at this time dissimilnr to those of |
f<-ur years ago. when MeKinley swept the j
country by the greatest majority probably J
ever given to a Presidential candidate, j
The work of the Republicans during the ,
past four week* has been marvclously ef
fective It has been marked over> where
by compkteiies-F in 'detail of machinery.;
harmonious action and desired results. In j
the history of the party no better organi- >
ration has evtr existed. McKlnley will :
carry every Strite which voted for McKin
ley and Hobsrt four years ago. and cer- ¦
isinly seven or right others that voted for
Urjan in IW. The alleged hopes of Croker .
and Bryan as to carrying Indiana and !
Nfw York an* Mmply following out the j
programme of Hniming everything in ;
Fipht for the puspose of encouraging their \
followers In close States to mr.ke the |
most desperate efforts fnr purcess. The t
t isimF of the Republicans are based upon
,the remit of actual work reported hv men
in the fir-13. brought u;; through precinct, ,
ward, township, city, county and State or- j
panizaiinnp. anO upon actual facts as J
Fhown by the closest vote poll ever made j
by any r^ijianizViion."
PORTLAND, Me., Nov. S.-The condi
tions In Maine have not altered materially
since Saturday evening, and there is no
reason to . change the estimate of the
probable Republican plurality of &.000 in
the State. This Is about the average
figure and it is pretty, generally conceded
NO CHANGE 'IN MAINE.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Nov. 5.— There
is a large registration throughout the
State and Bryan's majority Is expected
to be larger than In 189ft— 21.000— on account
of the capital removal question causing
a larger registration this year. The can
didate for Governor, is William S. Jen
nings. Mr. Bryan's cousin.
FORECAST FOR FLORIDA.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Nov. 5.-Thc
Democrats have no opposition in South
Carolina, and the campaign was feature
less. The .contests- Jn the Congressional"
districts were settled several weeks ago
by primaries. The electoral vote seems
certain for Bryan, but his majority is not
expected to be large.
SOUTH CAROLINA'S VOTE.
CONCORD. N. H.. Nov. 5.-The Demo
cratic managers concede about -what the
Republican leaders claim, and if the
weather is fine to-morrow no one wiil
deny President MeKinley a 20,000 plurality
and Jordan, the Republican candidate for
Governor, 15,000.
IN NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Chairman William B. Gourley of the
Democratic State Committee said: "We
are not giving out any figures, but I claim
Bryan will carry New Jersey by a safe
margin. I aro^confldent the Democrats
will carry four of the eight Congressional
districts."
Chairman Franklin Murphy of the Re
publican State Committee to-day Bald:
"The Republican party seems to be in
very good condition all over the State and
during my experience I have never seen
the county organization so apparently sat
isfied with the way the campaign has been
handled. Our majority, I believe, will be
at least 45.000."
NEW YORK, Nov. 5.-There has been
no change in the political situation in
New Jersey to-night. The Republicans
are confident of success, but the Demo
crats claim that if the members of their
party who remained away from the polls
four years ago turn out t6-morrow the
State will go for Bryan. The Increase Jn
registration, the Republicans claim is due
to the normal growth of the voting peo
ple. The Democrats, however, claim that
the Increase shows that those Democrats
who remained away from the polls four
years ago expect to vote to-morrow. The
great fight In the State will be for the
legislative officers. The eight Senators to'
be elected will have a vote next year for
a successor to Senator "William J. Sewell.
whose term expin»«_at that time. Under
ordinary circumstances the Democrats
would hope to elect seven of the eight
Senators, because the counties from which
they are, to be elected are Democratic,
but it being a Presidential year the Re
publicans claim the big vote that will' be
polled for MeKinley will enable them to
pull through five of the Senators, which
would give them such a majority In the
Senate that only a landslide next year
would prevent them having a majority
on Joint ballot.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 5.— The Democrats ex
press the utmost confidence in their abil
ity to elect Congressman Alexander M
Dockery Governor by a plurality of 30 000
and more and of giving; Bryan a majority
of from 40,000 to 60.000. The Republicans
are equally boastful. Many are of the
opinion that the counting of the ballot*
on Tuesday night will find MeKinley with
a slight majority over Bryan and Ratlroad
Commissioner Joseph Flory entitled to
take his seat in the Governor's chair. Oth
ers not as sanguine of success as their
fellows console themselves with the
thought that the Democratic national
ticket will show a greatly reduced plural
ity. It Is generally conceded by the mem
bers of both parties that to-morrow's vote
will show surprising changes.
There Is no change in the Congressional
situation. The Democrats say that they
will elect thirteen out of the fifteen Con
gressmen to be voted for, and the Republi
cans expect to elect five out of the fifteen
a gain of two.
SITUATION IN NEW JERSEY.
BATTLE IN MISSOURI.
ISSUES IN KENTUCKY.
LOUISVILLE. Nov. 5.— A campaign that
really began before any nominations were
made closed to-night in Kentucky, with
both sides claiming the Stat* In published
reports by 20,000. though disinterested es
timates do not put the majority either
way above GOXi to SOW. The Republicans
made the issue and named it civil liberty,
which term expresses meir opposition to
tne Goebel election law and to the action
of the Legislature in the contested elec
tion cases. The State Central Committee
of the Independent Democrats, who. In
the last election, cast 12.110 votes for John
\oung Brown for Governor, has indorsed
Jerkes (Republican) for Governor and
Bryan. The Democrats claim that the
nulK of the independents have returned *o
the party It is generally believed that
Bryan will run ahead of Beckham (Demo
crat) for Governor, and that Yerkes will
run ahead of .MeKinley. whether Demo
crats or Republicans carry the State. The
Republicans hopo by fusion with Brown
iJemncrats to carry several Congressional
districts now represented by Democrats
Already arrests have been made in vari
ous parts o. the State for alleged bribery
ana alleged plans to Invalidate ballots be
fore they are cast. Both sides are un
usually watchful and alert, and the elec
tion will he conducted under a veritable
searchlight of public scrutiny.
NEBRASKA FOR McKINLEY.
OMAHA, Nov. 5.— The Republican State
Committee is still claiming. the State b>
5000 plurality for MeKinley; but this Is
placed against the positive assertion by
vhairman Hall of the Democratic Corn
ittee that Bryan will receive a plurality
of at least 12,000. Republicans generally
are saying that Charles ri. Dietrich (Re
publican) will be elected over Governor
± J oynter (Populist r and Chairman I-indsoy
declares that the Legislature is safe for
me Republicans. On the other hand
Uiairman Hall says that the whole Slate
ticket will not run behind Bryan, and that
the Legislature is positively fusion.
In the Congressional districts the honor
will be divided, in all probability. Edgar
Howard will likely be defeated by Con
gressman Mercer (Republican*, but tho
larmers friends claim he has a good
chance of overturning tho usual majority.
In the First District (Jeorge W. Berg*
has an uphill fight against Congressman
E, J. Burkett < Republican) and the
latter s election is likely. The other dis
tricts will not be close, excepting perhaps
the Fifth. The election of Robinson
(Fusion i. In the Third: Stark (Fusion), in
the Fourth, and Neville 1 Fusion), in the
Sixth, is conceded. Shallenberger will
probably be elected over Morlan (Republi
can) in the Fifth, although the Republi
cans are claiming gains there.
nectleiit from Its position in the doubtful
column of their tables and edge it over to
the Bryan column.
Final Reviews of the Pivotal and Other States
Indicate That the Policy of Prosperity and
Protection Will Be Upheld.
Alleged Hope of Croker and Bryan as. to Carrying
Indiana and New York Simply Desperate Effort
of Claiming Everything in Sight.
McKINLEY'S TRIUMPH SURE
TO BE EVEN GREATER THAN
THAT OF FOUR YEARS AGO
¦¦¦¦¦.-. . - ¦ - - ¦ j ,
TEE SAN FRAjNCISUO CALIL, TUESDAY, JMJVHJi>ii5JUlt t», 1MOO.
Continued on Third Page.
Spscial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— William
Pevery. Chief of Police of
Ihls city, was Indicted by the
November Grand Jury to-day
on the charge of interfering
with John McCullagh in the performance
of his duties as Superintendent of Elec
tions. Chief Devery was immediately In
formed of his indictment and without do
lay appeared before Recorder Goff. who
ordered his release in bail of $1000,
Michael F. Lyon, the keeper of a restau
rant in the Bowery, furnishing the bond.
Governor Roosevelt to-night took cog
nizance of the order issued by Chief
Devery In relation to Superintendent Mc-
Cullagh's dispute. In a communication to
Mayor Van Wyck the Governor declared
that he would hold the Mayor personally
responsible for any breaches of order. In
timidation or crimes against the election
laws, following upon the chief's order.
The Governor also- wrote Sheriff Gill and
District Attorney Gardiner warning them
not to fall in their duty in assisting In the
enforcement of the election laws. John
H. Hammond. Deputy Attorney General of
the State, appeared as special counsel be
fore the Grand Jury, which listened to the
testimony of Superintendent McCullagh
and two other witnesses. The indict
ment, which was found without delay,
was based upon Deverys order of bun-
OMAHA. Nebr., Nov. 5.— Mr. Bryan ar
rived In Omaha at 8:15 o'clock to-night
and began his first speech of a aerie? of
nine In South Omaha at 8:30. His first
speech was made In a small hall used aa
Democratic headquarters, and the hall
was packed to the point of suffocation
with men, women and children, who re
ceived the candidate with loud acclaim
and frequent applause. He spoke for only
a few minutes, asking his hearers to b«»
at the polls early and remain there until
their votes should be counted. He also
thanked them for past favors, and asked
them to continue them. When he ex
pressed the desire that Senator Allen
should be Riven a fusion colleague there
were many cries for Hitchcock. To thes»
Mr. Bryan responded that the crowd
Last Minute.
NINE SPEECHES IN OMAHA
Bryan's Talk Is Kept Up Until tho
The. chief has, however, apparently ex
perienced a change of heart, tia he an
nounced at police headquarters to-night
that he would rescind his order of Sun
day regarding the McCullagh men and
voters.
Mayor Van TVyck Issued an order to
the chief to revoke the order.
2
EWO-rmere brve procUlraea-tlie best above all'
the "American" clear Havana dear. •
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
E. AV. Grov«B signature Is on each box. 25c.- *
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 'lilir^ THE IMPR0VED S
I /7 T WELSBACH LIGHT 1
WITH GAS-SAVING REGULATOR . B
Take no substitute if you would have this saving. ||
1 MJ&8&? * 1»!k 138 Ellis Street |now Bryan is askinsr you to elect him
President of the United States, and ha
cares not what means he uses to get tho
required number of votes. He tells you
that if elected he will establish a free
silver basis and a system of free trade,
and we know he will Ignore all economic
principles. Making such frantic appeals.
he reduces himself to the rank of the low
est demagogue. i
"Now turn with mt to where William
McKinley shouldered hla musket In de
fense of his country and follow him
through a four years' war and then see
him enter Congress, elected then, as he
always has been, by the worklngmen.
He has always stood with them and by
them, and has always been ready to hear
them and do for them. In 1SO«. when
the workingmen had opportunity to
vote for him. they made him President,
and there they will keep him another four
years. (Applause and cries of "We will.")
CHICAGO. Nov. 5.— Senator Hanna j
made his last speech of the cam
paign at noon to-day, addressing j
several thousand railway em- j
ployes and steel workers at ,
South Chicago. When the Illinois Central j
special bearing the Senator and party ar- i
rived the whistles of all the big mills
were blown and large crowds gathered at
the depot to extend a welcome. Accom
panying Mr. Hanna was Richard Yates,
the Republican candidate for Governor of
Illinois. In his speech Senator Hanna
said:
"My friends, save your enthusiasm for
to-morrow night, for then you will have
plenty of opportunity to give It full play.
(Applause.) We are on the eve of one of
the greatest elections and one of the most
important elections that has ever been
held in the United States. It is second to
none for the effect it will have
on the masses who toll -for their living 1 ,
and it is second to none for its effect
upon those who care for and uphold the
principles of sound money and a protec
tive tariff. I come to you as a business
man who ha3 been engaged all his life
in the kind of work that has built up this
part of Chicago. To-morrow it will be
in your power, to decide this great ques
tion of whether we are to continue pros
perous or to suffer a calamitous reverse.
I believe you will stand by the Republi
can party and stand by the great leader
of that party. President McKinley, who
has stood by you. (Applause.)
"Let me present a picture. On one side
you have a man whose only part in Con
gress during his short term there was to
tear down what McKinley had been four
years building up— the McKinley bill— and
what was it he gave you? The Wilson-
Gorman bill that put out the flres In your
furnaces; that checked Industries and
brought about a condition that God forbid
we may ever see again. (Applause.) And
Compares the Attitude of Bryan
and McKinley Toward the Toil
ing Masses in Past Years.
HANNA ADDRESSES
CHICAGO WORKINGMEN
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON |
HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Nov.
5.— Secretary Root found it nec
essary some days ago to Issue
special instructions to Major
General MacArthur, Governor General of
the Philippines, regarding the conduct of
the campaign in Luzon. These Instruc
tions were due to dissatisfaction caused
by. the successful operation of the Fili
pinos against the American forces. Gen
eral MacArthur's policy was to scatter
the troops over a wide range of territory,
carrying out in this way the policy
initiated by General Otis. The Filipinos
assembled in sufficiently large numbers to
make vigorous assaults upon the Amer
ican garrisons and for some weeks there
were numerous engagements. In which
the Americans failed to gain an advan
tage, and in some, instances were forced
to retreat and suffered distinct reverses.
The War Department Is understood to
have directed General MacArthur to take
measures to prevent further successful
operations by collecting his troops in suf
ficient force to destroy any bands with
¦which they might come in conflict. No
important insurgent operations have oc
curred for some days and it is believed
the execution of the department's instruc
tions is responsible for this satisfactory
condition. General MacArthur's friends
say he is handicapped by the absence of
troops in China, but information reached
the War Department to-d^v that the
Fourteenth Infantry had left Taku on
Saturday for Manila. Other regiments
will follow and General MacArthur will
have about 70,000 men with whom to in
augurate the campaign against the ln
surgents. The withdrawal of volunteers
will commence next month if McKinley
be re-elected or this month In case Bryan
Is successful.
Adjutant General Corbin received to-day
from Judge Taft. president of the Philip
pine Commission, a dispatch forwarding
the message from Senor Buencamlno, for
merly Secretary of Foreign Affairs in
Aguinaldo'9 Cabinet, declaring his loyalty
to the United States. The message was
telegraphed to the President, who. If h»
thinks proper, will make It public. It Is
understood that Senor Buencamino un
reservedly accepts American sovereignty
and submits a proposition to organize a
force of Filipinos to make war upon tho
supporters of his former chief.
Accused of Stealing a Code.
LONDON. Nov. 5.— F. F. Hodgklngson.
formerly British Vice Consul at Bremer
haven, was remanded at Bow-street police
court on the charge of stealing and trying
to sell to a foreign country a secret coda
book of the Foreign Office. • «
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Mac Arthur Instructed to Mass His Forces
and Break Up . Organized
Resistance.
VIGOROUS CAMPAIGN
AGAINST INSURGENTS
WASHINGTON. Nov. 5.— Weather con
ditions and general forecast: The storm
center has moved to Nova Scotia, and the
pressure is generally high to-night except
in the Atlantic States and Canada. The
weather has been almost entirely clear
throughout the country except in North
ern and Western New York, where there
were light showers.
Temperatures have fallen generally,
though/ not decidedly, 'except in the At
lantic States and Montana, and are every
where moderate.
In the Pacific Coast and plateau re
gions the weather has been clear, with lit
tle Change in temperature.
With but very few exceptions fair
weather Is indicated for Tuesday and
Wednesday over the entire country, with
pleasant temperatures.
Over the Northern New England States
there will likely be light rains Tuesday
morning, followed by clearing weather In
the afternoon. Showers are probably due
Tuesday in Montana. North Dakota. East
ern and Southern Texas and Northern
Louisiana, continuing Wednesday over the
two latter districts and extending over the
southern portion of the West Gulf States.
On the Atlantic coast and over the lower
lakes the winds will be fresh, west to
north. Over the upper lakes they will be
fresh westerly, becoming variable.
Forecast for Tuesday and Wednesday:
New England— Fair Tuesday and
Wednesday; probably preceded Tuesday
morning by light rain over northern por
tion: cooler Tuesday in Northeastern Mas
sachusetts; fresh westerly winds.'
District of Columbia, Eastern New York,
Eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey. Dela
ware, Maryland, Virginia and North Car
olina—Fair Tuesday and Wednesday; light
variable winds.
South Carolina and Georgia— Fair Tues
day and Wednesday; light variable winds.
Eastern Florida— Fair Tuesday and
Wednesday: variable winds.
Western Florida— Fair Tuesday: proba
bly showers Wednesday; light north to
east winds.
Alabama and Mississippi— Fair. Tuesday;
Wednesday ' fair in northern, probably
showers In southern portions; winds most
ly north to east.
Louisiana— Cloudy Tuesday, with show
ers in western portion Wednesday; light
north to east winds.
Eastern Texas— Cloudy Tuesday, with
showers In eastern and extreme southern
portions; Wednesday fair except showers
near the coast; variable winds, mostly
light easterly.
Western Texas. New Mexico. Oklahoma
and Indian Territory — Fair Tuesday ¦ and
Wednesday; light variable winds.
DEPARTMENT PREDICTS
REPUBLICAN ' WEATHER
Light Rains Expected in Northern
States, but Clear Skies Through
out the Country Generally.
Him Afloat Until Help
Comes.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— A dispatch to the
Journal from Lisbon, says: The Queen of
Portugal at Cascals, a fashionable resort,
made a thrilling rescue. She has ' been
staying at the palace of Cascals and was
on the beach watching her boatman bring
ing his boat into shore. Suddenly a huge
wave overturned the boat. Crooms, the
boatman, was overcome by the undertow
which carried him beneoth the waves.
The Queen is an expert swimmer. See-
Ing that her boatman was drowning, she
sprang into the sea before any of her at
tendants could prevent her. With rapjd
strokes she swam to the boatman's side
and held him up until persons put out in
boats and rescued both the Queen and her
boatman. Croom was taken to the. royal
Plunges Into the Water and Keeps
QTTEEN OF PORTUGAL ;*: -"..
RESCUES HER BOATMAN
as laid bare by the sensational evidence
in the second trial of Sternberg, the rich
Berlin banker, accused of an offense
against morality, and the peculiar manner
in which the case itself was prepared and
has been handled, are the talk of the
whole city. In view of the clear signs of
corruption and lack of discipline brought
out by the proceedings, it was resolved
to-day at a conference between Count von
Billow, the Imperial Chancellor, and
Baron von Rheinhaben Prussian Minister
of the Interior, to overhaul the Berlin po
lice department.
Immediately a/ter the conference Baron
Rheinhaben ordered a sharp investigation,
without fear or favor. It is expected that
a large number of the criminal police
will be disciplined and that about a score
will be dismissed, among them the chief
of the criminal police, Von Meerscheidt
Huellessem, who was strongly compro
mised by the trial.
Altogether no fewer than seventy mem
bers of the criminal police are said to be
Implicated in the Sternberg case. The
press, without distinction of party, sternly
demands thorough reforms. In addition to
the two Commissioners against whom
damaging evidence has been offered, it Is
rumored that a number of others ara in
volved.
To-day Emperor William requested that
he be furnished With running reports daily
of the trial and of the part played in it
by the police.
Baron Rheinhaben Issues an Order
for a Sharp Investigation
Without Favor.
BERLIN, Nov. 5.— The highly unsatis
factory condition of the Berlin police force
REFORM DEMANDED IN
BERLIN POLICE FORCE
JACKSON, Miss., Nov. 5.— The : State
Board of Health officials report one case
of yellow fever at Natchez. The source of
the Infection is not yet known. The pa
tient is the wife of the local Baptist minis
ter.
Yellow Fever at Natchez.
WACO, Tex., Nov. 5.-The suit of the
State of Texas against the Waters-Pierce
Oil. Company for penalties, amounting to
$109,000 for alleged violation of the anti
trust law of 1SS9, ended to-day In favor of
the company. :
Oil Company Wins.
CHICAGO. Nov. 5.— The Tribune to
morrow will say: The American Steel
and Wire Company will buy the American
Steamship Company,- which is owned by
John W. Gates and his business associ
ates. The latter concern has a capital 'of
$3,000,000 and the steel and wire company
is, to pay $175 for the stock. All the es
sential details of the deal have been
settled. The steamship company was
formed to operate a line of steamers
which carry the product of the largo
corporations, mines and mills, it has been
in the control of the steel and wire in
terests since the company was formed.
Gates to Be Sold to American
Steel Company.
WTLIi BUY AMERICAN
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Property Controlled by John W.
Montana— Partly cloudy Tuesday, possi
bly showers; Wednesday fair; variable
¦winds.
Colorado — Fair Tuesday and Wednesday;
variable winds.
Wyoming — Fair Tuesday and Wednes
day: northerly winds.
H. C. FRANKENFIELD, Forfcaater.
North Dakota— Partly cloudy Tuesday,
possibly showers In •western portion;
Wednesday fair; variable winds.
South Dakota, Nebraska and Kansas-
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday; variable
winds.
Arkansas — Fair Tuesday and Wednes
day; north to east winds.
Tennessee and Kentucky— Fair Tuesday
and "Wednesday; northerly winds.
West Virginia, Western New York.West
ern Pennsylvania and Ohio— Fair Tuesday
and Wednesday; fresh east to north
winds. i
Indiana," Illinois and Lower Michigan-
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday; light north
erly winds. "
Upper Michigan— Fair Tuesday and
Wednesday; fresh westerly winds, be
coming variable.
Wisconsin and Minnesota — Fair Tuesday
aria Wednesday: light westerly winds, be
coming variable.
Iowa and Missouri— Fair Tuesday and
Wednesday; variable winds.
Punishment Question is Practically Set
tled, but That of Indemnity Still
Hangs Fire.
HAY KNEW NOTHING OF
ANGLO-GERMAN PACT
That Li's instructions to the natives
of Chihli province to offer no resistance
to the .allied troops have had some ef
fect recent events are evidence. The Tl
lu! expedition was absolutely unopposed,
although the town Is. positively known to
be a Boxer hotbed. The Peitang forts
yielded practically without resistance. A
recent cavalry reeonnoit=sance beyond Ti
lui toward Fengshang had a rlmilar rc
sult. Lieutenant Jansen. with a detach
ment of the Sixteenth Bengal Lancers,
was sent out to feel the region and re
port as to the strength of the town to be
attacked. He approached the bridge with
a couple of men. leaving the main force
concealed in a millet Add, which grew to
the walls of the town. Emerging from
the field whore his view had been pre
vented by the high growth ..e found him
self at the gate of 'he village. Makln?
the best cf it he went boldly in and was
received by the head men with the as
surance .that they were not enemies of
the foreigners. As proof of thia assertion
they pointed to a <hastly rov of forty
human heads impaled over the gat*
These, they said, were the heads of
Boxers who had been executed. These
recent events are construed as indicating
that Li Hung Chang'* edict is being
obeyed and with passive submission to
Invasion little can be accomplished, in
the opinion of military men, by further
expeditions, unless all' the villages are
destroyed. The latter resort, it is said,
is not likely to be carried out. While
In the vicinity of Peking small commands
are operating it is the general belief that
cold weather will practically . put an end
to real fighting. ' r, .;.-¦* -
TIENTSIN. Oct. 1.— The diplomatic situ
ation has been somewhat complicated by
LI Hung Chang's assurances that the
Chinese shall not again resort to arms.
It is also stated that the old Viceroy has
sent edicts Into all parts of Chihli prov
ince ordering people to offer no resistance
to the allies. As cabled the Associated
Press at the time of Li's arrival in Tien
tsin he assured General Chaffee that he
would use all his power as Viceroy and
all his influence to prevent further hos
tilities. So far, however, the British an«i
Germans have refused to recognize Li
Hung Chang and the old man remains
in his yamen Viceroy in name only and
only recognized as j.n envoy from the
court in the peace negotiations by the
Russians and Americans.
Li Hung Chang's Influence.
HONGKONG, Nov. 5.— ReDorts from
Canton say the East River rebels have
moved up the river and boats are now
running from Paklo to Huchan. It is con
sidered probable that the rebellion will
shortly die out. The reformers admit that
the rising was premature and that they
had not a sufficient supply of arms. As
fhe French demand the execution of the
leaders in the Sheklung riots placards
have been posted throughout the town
urging the people to slaughter the for
eigners if the demands are enforced.
Rebels Move Up the River.
campaign is proceeding to Shanhaikwan,
on the Gulf of Ltaotuns, In order to
smooth the friction between the allied
commanders regarding the places to be
selected for occupation for the respective
forces.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL. BTTREAT.-, WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Nov.
5— It has been Intimated that be
fore entering into their agree
ment Great Britain and Germany
pounded Russia, but the best diplomatic
information the officials can obtain indi
cates that this is not true. It is learned
that Russia had an idea that Secretary
Ilay was approached by the British Gov
ernment and took steps to ascertain if
this- were so. There is authority for the
statement that Secretary Hay knew noth
ing about the Anglo-German pact until it
was made public by the London and Ber
lin authorities. A well informed diplomat
expressed the opinion to-day that *»,„
Anglo-German agreement was the most
disturbing clement in the International
situation. He pointed out that all nations
I ..1 rt*»Mnr«»fi In fa Vf.r /-if tV»«i
"open door" and the maintenance of
China's Integrity. The effect of the agree
ment, in the opinion of this diplomat,
has been to make Russia and . France
more suspicious than before of the pur
ports of Great Britain and Germany, it
being known that the former desires to
acquire the Yaiigtse-ICiang Valley, both
because of its tra.de and the fact that It is
the road which connects India and the
China Sea, while the latter's aim, accord
ing to the diplomat, still has territorial
«Kfi:r;in<Jii:t'nient In view.
Secretary Hay Is hopeful that negotia
tions looking to permanent peace will be
satisfactorily concluded and there is rea
son to l>elleve that he has not abandoned
his purpose to obtain from the powers a
denrjonhtraUon of their intention not to
*-cize Chinese territory. The Secretary's
feeling is probably based upon the pro-
Ci-ess being made at Peking. Minister
Conger has reported that the punishment
question has practically been disposed of.
Vuan is to be banished and not beheaded.
Thla seems to l>e definitely determined.
The disposition of the Empress Dowager
has not entered into the discussion, and it
Is clear that she will receive personal pro
tection, though *he will be excluded from
•ia.rticipatloii In the affairs of the Imperial
Government. The Indemnity question Is
being discussed, but no propositions have
yet been submitted by the negotiators
to the several Governments regarding the
amount to be demanded or the method of
collection. Secretary Hay has not been
•iFked to assent to the proposition report
c-d to bava beon made to the powers by
the Ministers In Peking that the Chinese
Government be asked to issue an edict
forbidding membership in the Boxer So
ciety under penalty of death, and that the
Chinese Government notify viceroys and
Fubordinate officials that Jn the future
they will be held personally responsible
for the security of foreigners
Selecting Camp Sites.
PEKING. Sunday. Nov. 4.— A commis
sion consisting of the benlor staff officers
cf each power taking part In the Chinese
Committee, said: "It is a landslide. We
will elect eleven Congressmen sure; will
carry the State by not less than 40.000;
will elect the entire State and national
tickets, and wlU'earry both branches of
the Legislature."
PENNSYLVANIA SAPEjW
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 5.— Very* I little
interest is manifested relative to the vote
of Pennsylvania in the Presidential con
test, as a big Republican majority is con
ceded even by the Democratic leaders.
Kour vears ago McKinley's plurality in
the State was 295,072, of which plurality
Philadelphia furnished 113,130. The high
est previous plurality in tne State for a
Presidential candidate was 135.53S for
Grant In 1S72. In 1SP2 Harrison's plurality
was 63,747. McKinley's plurality of four
years ago will no doubt be considerably
reduced through the return to their party
of many Democrats who opposed Bryan
in 1S36, and it Is thought also that McKin
ley's vote will be reduced to some extent
on account of the fierce contest of the
Quay and anti-Quay Republicans to ob
tain control of the next Legislature. The
anti-Quay men In some sections have in
dorsed the Democratic legislative candi
dates, and it Is believed this will, in those
sections, have some effect against th<
head of the Republican ticket. There is.
however, every Indication of a considera
ble reduction in McKinley's figures of four
years ago.
THE BATTLE IN IDAHO.
BOISE. Idaho, Nov. 5.— The night before
the battle of the ballots finds the parties
lined up/ both manifesting great confi
dence. The day has been given over to
street-corner discussion, and much bet
ting has , been done. There seems to be
much more money than for many yfars
for this purpose, and even bets are freely
made on /the result of the 8ta.te. The
most uncertain element in the situation
appears to be Shoshone County, the scene
of riots cf 1S99. While the Republicans
are assured they will carry the' county
they have no poll of It; it Is one of two
counties which have not been polled by
them. There are 5000 votes In Shoshone.
HOT FIGHT IN ILLINOIS.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 5.— The leaders of
CHICAGO, Nov. 5.— Both parties are
confident of the result of to-morrow's vot
ing. Never have the plans of campaign
managers in this State been more com
prehensive or laid with greater care, and
no Presidential campaign since that of
Blaine and Cleveland in 18S4 has been
fought out with greater energy In this
State than the one that has Just closed.
Both Democratic and Republican man
agers have made every preparation
against unlawful action at the polls by
their opponents, but there has been les*
talk of (such things this year than in prior
campaigns. The chances are that there
will be no more fraudulent voting than
occurs at every city election
A very full vote will be polled in the
State at large and especially In Chicago
and Cook County. The fight here has been
of the warmest description and every ef
fort will be made to bring the full voting
strength of both parties into the field. The
Republicans in particular are elated at
the prospect of fine weather to-morrow
and sa«y Jt means their sure success. The
Democratic managers declare that weath
er will make no difference and that, rain
or shine, the election is certain to result
in a sweeping Democratic triumph.
STRUGGLE IN MARYLAND.
both political parties profess to be con
fident of victory and both sides are claim
ing the State by pronounced majorities.
Before leaving for his home in Hartford
County, to-night. Chairman Murray Van
diver of the Democratic State Central
Committee, said: "I have no hesitancy in
claiming that we will carry the State by
from 50-jO to 10.000 majority, and that both
city and county will contribute to that
end. We will not only carry the State for
Bryan, but will elect four Congressmen
sure, and it would not surprise me in the
least if Major Little should defeat Pearre
in the Sixth District."
Secretary William F. Porter of the city
Democratic committee, supplemented Mr.
Vandiver's statement by adding: "We
have made a careful poll of the city by
men experienced in the work, who made
polls in tne two previous campaigns. I
have the utmost confidence in the accur
acy of the latest poll and will say that
the outlook is bright and that the city
will go Democratic by a substantial ma
jority. 1 will not give any figures, but am
confident of a favorable result."
Chairman Goldborough of the Republi
can State Committee said to-day that he
looks for even a larger majority than the
11.000 which he gave last night as his esti
mate, and insisted that Maryland's Con
gressional delegation will be entirely Re
publican.
IN MASSACHUSETTS.
BOSTON, Nov. 5. — Although the major
ity of the voters in Massachusetts will
cast their ballots to-morrow in favor of
McKinley, the size of this majority and
how many Republican Congressmen will
be elected is a matter upon which the
party leaders fall to agree. The Repub
licans are confident that McKinley will
have at least 100,000 votes more than
Bryan, while the Democrats believe that
50,000 will be nearer the mark". Four
years' ago the Republicans carried the
State by 175,000 plurality, but dissensions
in the Democratic ranks cut a wide swath
In the ordinary party vote. This year
this disaffection has almost entirely dis
appeared. It Is believed that Governor
Crane will run ahead of the national
ticket, especially in the western part of
the State. As usual, the Republican State
candidates will be elected, with the ex
ception, perhaps, of Auditor, as there is
a strong sentiment, especially among the
Grand Army Veterans, against Henry IS.
Turner of Maiden, who defeated the in
cumbent, John W. Klmball of Fitchburg,
in the convention.
It will not be surprising, therefore, if
William O. Merrill, the Prohibitionist
candidate for the office, is elected.
As for the Congressmen, nine Republi
cans and one Democrat are sure of elec
tion, while in two other districts indica
tions favor the Republicans. Very little
change is expected in the Legislature,
which has been always strongly Republi
can
12*- NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 5. — The most Inter
esting development in New York on the
eve of election is the indictment found by
the local Grand Jury against Chief of
Police William S. Devery. on the charge
of interfering with the work of Superin
tendent of State Elections McCuliagh.
Chief Devery's ball was fixed and ar
rangements were made for hearing the
case the day after election. The indict
ment has created a great deal of excite
ment in political circles. The points ln-
volved appear to hinge on the rights of
men to swear in their votes when chal
lenged by any deputies of the State
Superintendent of Elections. The legal
aspects of the case are interesting to Re
publicans and Democrats alike, for it is
feared that a clash may occur at the
polls to-morrow between the 800 Dolice
men and the 800 deputies. At the politi
cal headquarters, at the office of the
Chief of Police and at the Democratic
Club, the consensus of opinion seemed to
be that the election would prove a quiet
one despite the differences of opinion be
tween the Chief of Police and the State
Superintendent.
Everywhere confidence is expressed
that a full vote will be polled and Repub
licans and Democrats alike agree that
more than 600,000 citizens in Greater New
York will vote to-morrow.
Indications are that the vote in the city
will be at least 65,000 larger than ever be
fore in the history of Greater New York.
Generally speaking, the Republicans
concede that Bryan will carry Greater
Xew York. On the other hand Democrats
admit that McKinley will carry the State
if Greater New York is excluded. The
differences of opinion arise on the ques
tion of the pluralities that the Democrats
are conceded in the metropolis and the
Republicans are conceded In the up-State
districts.
Richard Croker claims that Bryan will
carry Greater New York by between 80,
000 and 'J0.O0O.
As a general thing. Republican leaders
will not admit that the borough of Man
hattan will be carried for Bryan by more
.than 30.000 plurality. Both sides claim the
borough of Brooklvn, the Republicans by
12,0)0, the Democrats by SOOO. The popu
lation In the boroughs bf the Bronx,
Queens and Richmond is relatively small.
Democrats and Republicans claim all
three boroughs, but the Democrats usual
ly carry Queens and Richmond. As for
the Bronx, the Increase In population ow
ing to the up-town movement has been so
great that all estimates are worthless, the
population in some districts having dou
bled. It will probably give a decisive ma
jority either way.
Democrats are inclined to concede the
State outside of Greater Xew York to Me
ICinley by 50,000. This is 100.000 less than
the Republicans allow McKinley In the
fame territory. Chairman Odell, Repub
lican candidate for Governor, is at his
home in Xewburg. He will receive re
turr.s at his home and will not return here
until Wednesday. Before leaving he said
that he had nothing to add to his state
ment that McKinley would carry New
York State by 100,000, Greater Xew York
Included.
There was very little betting done to
night on the election. The odds dropped
to ZVz to 1 on McKinley toward the latter
part of the evening and remained there.
DELAWARE FOR McKINLEY.
WILMINGTON, Del.. Nov. 5.— The out
look to-night is that the Republicans will
carry Delaware for McKInley and the
State ticket by a majority of about 1500.
Republican State Chairman Churchman
claims the State by "000 majority. The
Legislature, which ¦will elect two United
States Senators, is In doubt, however,
both parties claiming It.
Democratic State Chairman Saulsbury
claims that the State will give Bryan the
electoral vote, and that -the Legislature
will have a Democratic majority.
audience and he said in part:
"We have made an honest, open fight
for what we believe to be right in Ameri
can politics and our responsibility ends
when the voter assumes tne responsibility
of deciding upon the questions, and here
to-night before this magnincent audience,
I want to refute the charges that the
Democratic party Is trying io array class
against class. Republicans say we are
preaching a gospel of hate. I deny it. We
preach a gospel of love. We are trying to
uring people together; we are not trying
to drive tnem apart. But you cannot
draw people together unless you have Jus
tice as the basis for tneir friendship; and
when Republicans tell you that we are
trying to array one class against another.
1 want you to know that tne Republican
party has arrayed every trust magnate
apamst the Democratic party and we ask
the victims to come with us. The trust
magnate stands high in society, despite
his crimes, and the Republican party dare
not attaiK him."
The last speech of the night and of the
campaign was made betore the Good
Shepherd Fair in the Schlltz Roof Gar
den, and it did rot begin until almost
half-past 12.
He spoke of the importance of the cam
paign just closed, and his speech was
largely an appeal for non-partisan action
in the election. He concluded at 12:45
o'clock Tuesday morning, and when he
left the platfcrm. after nineteen hours of
consecutive work and an exceptionally
long and arduous campaign, his voice was
still strong and clear and his physical con
auion first class.
Mr. IJryan spent the remainder of the
night after concluding his speeches in
this city, intending to return to Lincoln
early to-morrow morning to cast his vote.
Following are the closing words of Mr.
Bryan's last speech to-night:
"We have submitted these questions; we
have dene our best. Now is the time for
the American people to act. and all that
I can ask of the American voter is to act
to morrow at the polls just as he would
II he knew that the destiny of liis nation
was hanging upon a single vote. It is a
terrible responsibility, my friends: it is a
terrible responsibility to be a citizen at a
time like this, for the vote of a citizen is
potent to determine the destiny of this na
tion, and by determining the destiny of
this nation the vote of the citizen will de
termine the destiny of other nations. If
liberty triumphs here it will triumph else
where; If it dies here It dies everywhere,
and therefore when you are fighting thla
battle you are fighting- it not for America
alor.e: you are lighting it lor the world,
and the world looks on while our battle is
fought upon this hilltop. I beg you to rec
ognize the responsibility of citizenship
and vote as you would if you knew that
your vote ¦would determine the contest."
He spoke at the theater for twenty mln
utes. "A Democrat." he caid, '"told me
a few days ago that he had been Invited
to come to New York right after the elec
tion In case of Republican success and
help form a. trust and he asked what he
f hould do In case I was elected. He was
told he need not come, they would not
organize."
Mr. Bryan made his next speech in
Creighton Theater.- He had a splendid
"You don't know how consoling it is to
he assured that I am all right at the end
r>f ¦ l"*e « h <K 6pe»kiii* phvsi
cally. I do feel belter than I ever have
felt" before at the end of a campaign."
"1 am glad to know that those who were
born in foreign lands and. came here to
enjoy liberty under the American tlag are
this 'year ready to vote to preserve that
liberty which they came to enjoy."
He promised that if elected the constitu
tion should be so amended as to permit
the election of Senators by direct vote of
the people.
The fifth place of meeting was in a tent
at the corner of Fifteenth street and Capi
tal avenue. There he had the largest au
dience of the evening and also the most
enthusiastic one. He spoke at this place
at greater length than at any previous
meeting, dealing with the general Issues
<jf the campaign, and again appealed to
his hearers for active ¦work at the polls
and for the uniform support of the entfru
ticket.
The sixth meeting of the night was held
at Washington Hall. There he spoke for
only a few minutes- He appealed for a
bigger majority In the State than in 1SSG.
It was half-past 11 o'clock when Mr.
Bryan appeared at the Boyd Theater ani
he "still had two more meetings before
closing.
As he came upon the stage some one
ehouted. "Bryan s all right." Taking his
cue from this ejaculation. Mr. Bryan said:
Another short drive brought the national
candidate to Metz Hall, where he address
ed a large audience composed almost en
tirely of Bohemians. He was presented
•with a bouquet of roses by a little Bohe
mian girl. Responding, Mr. Bryan said:
After this open-air meeting Mr. Bryan
was rushed across the city for two or
three miles to Damman's Hall, where he
received another cordial welcome. His
ppeech was devoted almost exclusively to
an appeal for attention to the election to
morrow.
might express Its own opinion as to indi
viduals, but that for himself any one
selected by the fusion forces would be
satisfactory.
The second meeting was held in the
open air in South Omaha, and there the
Presidential candidate addressed an im
mense number of people. He again asked
his supporters to go early to the polls.
Continued From Second Page.
VVM. J. BRYAN COMPLETES TOUR
PICTORIAL IMPRESSIONS OF THE SAYINGS AND DOINGS OF WELL-KNOWN POLITICIANS ADAPTED TO
THE TITLES OF UP-TO-DATE DITTIES AND GROUPED FOR THEIR LAUGH-PRODUCING QUALITIES BY
CARTOONIST McCUTCHEON OF THE CHICAGO RECORD.
McKINLEY'S TRIUMPH IS SURE
Continued From Second Page,
BRYAN WILL NOT RUN
AGAIN FOR PRESIDENT
Told Friends That if Defeated He
Would Not Be a Candidate
in the Future.
th? re:-uH. but remarked, as though
doubting the issue of the struggle, that
he would never be a candidate before
The people again.
Taken in connection with the subject
under discussion, the remark was as
sumed to mean that he would not ask an
other nomination if he failed of election
this time, but he was not asked to explain
his meaning and the matter was dropped
without comment.
Those who have heard the remark re
peated say that it was understood to
mean that Bryan was worn out with the
exertions he had made, and that he sim
ply expressed a feeling that might wear
away under rest and recuperation.
Mr. Martin refuses to discuss the sub-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5 —A Sun spe
cial from Indianapolis says: A
report is current here to-night
that Mr. Bryan has announced
his purpose of never again be
ing a candidate if he is defeated to-mor
row, and among Democrats it is generally
believed, though it cannot be confirmed.
It is said the statement was made to
Chairman Martin of the Democratic State
Central Committee on the occasion of
Bryan's last visit to the State.
Mr. Martin was speaking of the gains
the Democrats expected to make, and Mr.
Bryan was asking questions as to cer
tain localities which he had not visited.
He spoke of the apparent enthusiasm of
the people and expressed confidence in
POPULAR SONGS APPLIED TO THE NATIONAL CAMPAIGN.
AND DEMOCRATS CONTINUE ABSURD CLAIMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
"Now, I want to assure you that "Wil
liam McKinley will be re-elected by tho
largest plurality that was ever given to
a President of the United States. I am
sorry I cannot talk longer, but you look
like men who know how to vote without
advice, and right, too."
"Xow what has Bryan stood for? What
has he done for the working people? (A
voice. "Nothing.") Yes. he has. He has
done all In his power to defeat their In
terest. He helped to kill the McKInley
bill.* He has been at a loss to find an is
sue that would last over nicrht and sought
to create one by working for and voting:
for the ratification of the treaty with
Spain. When he worked to get Democratic
Congressman to vote for the treaty, was
Bryan honest? (A voice. "No.") Honest:
no. lie raises the cry of imperialism, and
that is an Insult to the American people.
Congress settled that question, and it was
for the President to put down rebellion
when the American flag was assailed.
3
B shell— we make stylish &™ j ffi I I '|j! !•' l/ji Wii
H suits to order foras low WU\ W] L^7f|t
M from fashionable win- /ife^l : J ' '\i f\ p % ;\ \ |||S
1 factory way; guarantee i)P^|F|! ) " | tl w||
U s a m p 1 e s -—especially B^ffitl )§&< I I J&v^'b
"rca Out-of-town orders filled — write Hlv-)-^ Hi"' (l-'^ ; '»' 111 1 } ''I^-^"'r"-"' '2|
H ¦ 718iMarket Street and Kv^ 1^ j^Manager Flllmore Is authority for the
statement that at least a portion of the
changes In the old Bchedule which the del
egates have recommended will be granted.
All the employes will receive the benefit
of an eight-hour workday, and where
some of the men have received too high
wages they are to be cut, while those
who have not received what they justly
earned will be raised.
NORTHERN PACIFIC SCHEME.
Pacific's Oregon Lines.
Trying to Get Control of Southern
A. D. Charlton of the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, whose headquarters
are In Portland, arrived In the city yes
terday on business relative. It Is said, to
the purchase by his road of the Souths
ern Pacific's tracks in Oregon. The
Southern Pacific has about BOO miles of
track In Oregon and the Northern com
pany has been trying to get control of
them for a long time.
The deal would have been consummated
long ago but for the late Collls P
Huntington, who was opposed to glvlns
up the Oregon line. Mr. Charlton was
seen at the Occidental last night, but n*
declined to talk, professing to be ignor
ant of the transaction. First Vice Presi
dent Stubbs paid he bad heard something
about the deal, but he dldn't-think it had
been brought before the directors of the
Southern Pacific officially.
LOGAN SATLS FBOM
MANILA WITH MORE SICK
Carries More Than Two Hundred In
valid Soldier*— Sergeant Davis
: .--'¦; ; - ¦;-¦ Becomes an Infantryman.
A cablegram was received at headquar
ters yesterday announcing the departure
from Manila on November 2 of the trans?
port Logah. . JThe vessel carries 27S sick
soldiers; 39 general prisoners and eight In
sane persons.
William Gunning, private. Company M.
Thirty-ninth Infantry, died yesterday at
the general hospital.
Sergeant "Tug" Davis, for the last
twenty years a cavalryman, has forsaken
the yellow facings and will In the future
wear the white. He ha* secured his trans
fer to the Infantry branch of the service
and' has been assigned to the Eighteenth.
During the time the sergeant was at
tached to the cavalry he established a
reputation as the finest broadswordsman
in the army. He also challenged the best
men connected with the armies of the
world, meeting and defeating all ,who ac
cepted -Ms den ¦ ¦ ;•;.-
ures, but the exact facts cannot be ascer
tained for some time owing to the efforts
of the Russians to keep th.em as Quiet as
possible. "
For some time past Russians have been
jealous of the fishing privileges along the
Siberian, coast, their object being to con
serve them for the exclusive use of Rus
sian subjects. Their dislike for Japanese
llshermen has been heightened by the
fact that the latter obtained the best
fishing rights off the coast of Korea,
where the Russians were outmaneuvered
a year ago. The Korean fisheries have
not turned out' as well this year as usual,
which fact led the Japanese to cruise
further northward Into Siberian waters.
There they were unexpectedly surround
ed by several Russian gunboats and
taken Into port as prizes. Their boats
and equipment were confiscated and the
fishermen nut into jail.
Last summer sixty-seven Japanese fish
ermen were seized by the Russian author
ities for alleged trespassing In Bering
Sea. Forty-nine of them have reached
Nagasaki after spending nearly three
months In Siberian prisons. They tell
sickening stories of Russian cruelty and
their emaciated appearance proves that
they suffered terribly. When first arrest
ed they were dragged Into wet. cold cells,
partly underground, and left there two
days without food or drink. It was weeks
before they were allowed to notify their
friends of their predicament. They claim
that heavy winds and ocean currents
drove them to the Siberian shore. Six
teen of their companions are still In
prison.
Will Play at Coronado.
CHICAGO, Nov. 5.. — The American pro
fesslonal-golf champion, David Bell of
Midlothian, and the former open cham
pion. Willie Smith of the same club, to
day made arrangements for a winter
tournament on. the Pacific Coast. They,
will play their first match at Coronado
Beach. v
No Duty on Souvenirs.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— Tb;e President
has Issued an executive order admitting
free of duty Christmas presents and sou
venirs sent by soldiers In China to friends
In the United States. The privilege Is the
same as was extended to soldiers In the
Philippines one year ago. ~. ..
TACOMA. Nov. 5.— Serious trouble be
tween Russia and Japan Is likely to ensue
over wholesale seizures of Japanese fish
ing boats and fishermen by Russian au
thorities in Siberia. The steamship
Queen Adelaide brines news that nine
teen boats, having- on board 153 fisher
men, are known to have been seized late
in September. It Is believed that the
actual number Is at least twice these flff-
Wholesale Seizures That Will Tend
to Increase tha HI Feeling Be
tween tho Two Coun
tries.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JAPANESE FISHERMEN
IN SIBERIAN PRISONS
NOME BEACH SWEPT S
BY TEEEIFIG STORM
Gale Does Great Damage to Small
Shipping and Water Front
Structures in the Alas-"
kan Harbor.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 6.—Lighthouse
keeper Daykin telegraphs from Canna
nah of the finding of the partly wrecked
lighthouse boat off Cape Flattery Light
by Indians on the Vancouver Island
coast The body of one of ¦ the keepers
was washed ashore soon after the boat
was found. Later a dispatch reached hero
from Cape Reale announcing that
another body had been washed ashore
n< The two victims -of the recent, south
easters are the second lighthouse keeper
and another of the keepers at Flattery,
who left there for Noah Bay on October
27 and were caught In the gale that buf
feted the overdue A. J. West. The boat,
which is marked "Flattery^ Light," was
evidently swamped and the two . men
thrown into the sea and drowned. The
body found near Camanah was identified
bv those of the lighthouse tender Colum
bine, which has arrived on the scene, but
the one at Beale is unrecognizable.
The Oriental liner Duke of Fife re
turned to-day . as a result of the buf
feting received In the storm. r* ;
Found by Indians.
LIGHTHOUSE-KEEPERS PERISH
Overturned Boat and Two Bodies
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6.— Herman Sil
ver, president of the City CouncH, to-day
introduced a resolution, which was adopt
ed, instructing the City Attorney to at
once institute legal proceedings for the
purpose of determining the legality of the
city's $2,090,000 issue of Water works bonds.
Mayor Eaton to-day sent a communica
tion to the City Council recommending
an appropriation of upward of $192,000 for
the construction of head works and a
altering plant which can be used in con
nection with the present water works sys
tem, if the city acquire it, or with a new
plant if the city decide to construct one.
Som© two years ago when it was voted
to issue $2,090,000 of bonds for the purchase
of the existing water works system, or
the construction of an independent one
by the city, provision was made in the
tax levy for money with which to pay
the interest on the bonds and- to provide
a sinking fund. The legality of the bonds
was called Into question and has not yet
been decided, so none of the .bonds have
been sold and the $192,000 referred to rep
resents the accumulation resulting from
the non-use- of the interest money and
pinking fund.
Once Institute Legal Pro
ceedings.
City Council Instructs Counsel to at
The revenue cutter Bear, Captain Tut
tle, also had a lively experience, but de
spite her dangerous position sn* found
time to run alongside the sieam schooner
Aloha, then rapidly driving ashore, and
furnished her with a kedge anchor, which
saved the vessel from being wrecked. Nj
large packets suffered in the gale, but
small craft without number were de
molished.
»
TO TEST LEGALITY OE
XOS ANGELES BONDS
PORT TOWNSEND, Nov. b.— The
steamship Charles Nelsqn arrived this
morning, ten days from Nome. . 3ho re
ports that four days prior to her sailing
the Nome beach was swept by another
severe storm, .which, did much damage t:>
small shipping and to such buildings as
owners were unwise enough to commence
constructing on the beach again after the
September storm. On this occasion., while
the damage done was heavy, there was
no loss of life. The severity of the gale
gave the Nelson a lively time. The ves
eel dragged anchor for several miles and
finally reached safety behind Sledge Isl
and.
Special Dispatch" to The CrJl.
LOS ANGELES SOON TO BE
TERMINAL OF ANOTHER ROAD
Will Commence Work at Once on Road Which
Will Connect Southern Metropolis and
Salt Lake City..
WINSHIP MUEDER CASE
DRAWING TO A CIXJSE
Defendant Testifies That th© Killing
of Narvaez Was Accidental
but Justifiable.
BAN , JOSE. Nov. 3.— The testimony In
the trial of Thomas Winshlp. charged
with the murder of Frank Narvaez In this
city on June 4 last, was completed before
Judge Lorigan and a jury this afternoon.
Eddie Woods John Kelly and D. A. Nar
vaez were witnesses for the prosecution.
They told of the quarrel between Nar
vaez and Winship.
Winship was the only witness for the
defense, lie repeated the evidence he gave
at the first trial, which resulted in a dis
agreement. His defense was a double
one.. Besides acting In self-defense he
also claimed the shooting was accidental.
Winship eald he went Into the restaurant
on the night in question and Narvaez be
gan to abuse him. When he started to- sro
out of the place Narvaez got up In front
of him with a table knife in his hand.
He then grappled with Narvaez and in
doing so his revolver started to fall out
of his pocket. He grabbed the weapon
and In the scuffle It was discharged. He
claimed the shooting was accidental, but
at the same time he was justified In the
act.
Argument In tho case will commence
Wednesday morning.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Fostofflce Appointments and Xrist of
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. B.-Postraasters
appointed: Washington — Seabeck, Klts.ip
County, Frederick Pocsch, vice George C.
Johnson, resigned. Postmasters commis
sioned: Oregon— Charles T. Peck. Vida.
Postoflice established: Washington — High
land, Spokane County, Nathan Leigh,
postmaster.
Authority has been granted C. II.
Schively. E. Tucker, S. C. Llllis and J. N.
Ware to convert the Bank of Orovlllc,
Cal., into the First National Bank of Oro
ville; capital $100,000.
Pensions granted: California— Original
—John McCaffrey. Harris, St>. Additional
— Henry Sykes, Murletta. J6. Increase —
Ottavio D. Conterno, San Jose, J8.
Oregon: Origirial— Isaac N. Shatto.
Rainier, $6. Increase— John W. Sheets,
Huntington, $10; James R. P. Rowe; Sams
Valley, $12. War with Spain: Original-
James E. Snodgrass, Fairmount. $17.
Washington: Original— Alexander Cam
eron, Tacoma. $8. Increase— Robert Wil
liams, Rockford, $10.
REUNION OF VETEBANS.
San Jose Prepares for the Coming of
Old Soldiers.
SAN JOSE, Nov. D.— Preparations are
complete for the annual reunion and ban
quet of the Central California Veterans'
Association which will be held at Turn
Verein on Thursday, and the local
Grand Army posts and auxiliary -societies
have arranfeed a royal welcome for the
visitors. Tho .. association takes in the
counties of Santa Clara, Santa Cms,
Monterey, San Benito, San Mateo and
Alameda. Several hundred visitors are
expected.
It will be an all-day and evening event.
Luncheon will be served at noon. Frank
McGowan, Colonel W. C. Bailey, Major
W. A. Coulter. 1'aptain H. LJ Wells. Sen
ator H. V. Morehouse and Judge -A. J.
Buckles are down for addresses. A mu
sical and literary and anec*
dotes by the old soldiers will .fill in tho
time. •• .
CHXLD'S LIFE CRUSHED
OUT BY FALLING BOX
Pour- Year-Old Son of a Sacramento
Citizen Killed While at
Play. , *- / "-.;,*>
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 5.— John Joseph
West, 4' years old, a son of Edward West,
was killed this afternoon in front of his
father's house, at Eighteenth and M
Ktrests. by a plasterer's box falling upon
him. ITe, with other children, was play-
Ing about the box. which was standing on
end. The little fellow pulled the box over
by attempting to climb upon it. His skull
was.crushed and he was dead when picked
up. His mother was sitting on the piazza
a few feet away, but did not see the ac
cident and did not' know of her child's
death until the workmen picked him up.
Will Die With the Year.
SPOKANE, Nov. 5.— Edward Rice, con
victed of the murder of : Matt Mailey at
"Wardner, Idaho, was to-day sentenced at
Wallace to be hanged on the last day'of
the ; century— December 31. Hi3 wif e was
granted .a divorce in Spokane to-day on
the Ground of cruelty . ;
Crew All Rescued* With the Exception of One
of Her Officers.
cept the second officer, who wu thrown
Into the ley water and wont to the bot
tom before assistance could reach him.
Officers of the Roanok© report that lea Is
forming about St. Michael and when baa
left that port had to force hex way
through a thin sheetlo? of Ice.
PORT TOWTCSENTJ, "Wash., Nov. 6. —
The steamship Roanoke. reported lost, ar-
rived last night at 11:30 o'clock, bringing
410 passengers and $500,000 In gold dust.
The Roanoke sailed from Nome October
26 and reports the steamship Cleveland a
complete wreck twenty-flve miles west of
Ca Pe Xome- where 8ho 8truck a rock w
October 24 and soon went to pieces,
Her s]gnals of dJstress attracted the at _
tentfon of tho United Sta.tes cutter Me
Culloch, which went to her assistance
and saved the passengers and crew ex-
TEN YEARS IN SAN
QDENTIN FOR KING
Novel Point Raised by Counsel for
Church's Slayer in Arguing
Motion for a New-
Trial.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 5.— J. E. King was
to-day sentenced to serve a term of ten
years in San Quentin prison. Last week
King, who Is accused of the murder of S.
H. Church at Two Rock In July, was tried
for murder. The jury returned a verdict
finding him guilty of manslaughter. When
brought into court this morning he was
accompanied by his wife, who has scarce
ly left his side since he was arrested. At
torney Lennon for the defense made a mo
tion for a new trial. One of the errors as
signed as a reason for a new trial was
that the court had admitted Church's
deathbed declaration. Church being an
atheist this declaration should not have
been admitted, counsel contended. Mr.
Lennon said that where a man did not be
lieve In a hereafter his final declaration
did not come within the theory of the
law that a man about to die would not
ko Into the presence of his Maker with a
lie on his lips.
Judge Angellottl denied the motion for a
new trial, and defendant's counsel then
reviewed the case at length and asked the
court to be lenient with the prisoner.
Judge Angellotti sentenced King to ten
years In San Quentin. King, whose cool
ness heretofore had caused court specta
tors to marvel, broke down and wept. His
wife threw her arms about his neck and
tried to offer him some, comfort. With
good behavior King will have to serve
about eix years and seven months.
Special rMFpafeh to The Call
STE AMER CLEVELAND LOST
OFF THE COAST OF NOME
Er>ecia! Pl^ratch to The Call.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 5.— Ai the points
of revolvers two boys, Henry Ehlers and
John Oswald, yesterday robbed two sta
tions on the Slack Canyon road and
escaped with nearly $1000. On horses
stolen from a ranch near this cHy they
v.rnt to Gibsons Station, sixty miles
north of Phoenix. Taking the keeper, an
old man, by surprise they bound him and
took all his money, about $30, besides
more than J400 from the cash drawer.
Going on to Goddard Station, they cap
tured and tied two keepers and took be
tween $400 and $500, helped themselves to
tobacco and whisky and left.
Cattlemen passing the stations later in
day released the captives. The old man
at Gibsons was nearly dead from thirst
and exhaustion from the efforts to free
himself.
A posse of cattlemen was hastily or
ganized and started on the trail and • a
message was sent to Prescott for aid.
Sheriff Munds dispatched another posse
of deputies and volunteers and they
struck the trail late at ni^ht. The young
robbers took a road leading to the foot
hills of the Bradshaw range and the two
porses are scattered over the county in
the effort to locate them.
Further alonp on the trail the youth
ful bandits stole fresh horses and killed
those they had been riding, cutting- their
throats and leaving them at the roadside.
Ehlers is about 20 years old and has
served a term In the penitentiary. Os
wald Is a year younger, comes of a good
family and is well known In this vicinity.
WO ARIZONA LADS
BECOME HIGHWAYMEN
Commit a Series of Robberies in True
Dime Novel Style and Are
Pursued by Several
Posses.
CAHTO IS SHAKEN BY
SEEIES OF TEMBLORS
Simultaneously 'With the Quaking of
the Earth Mud Volcanoes Near
the Town Become
Active.
»
Special Disrateh to The Call. »
tAri J'i, rvnv. o. — several rannquaKi'
shocks were felt in Cahto to-day. The
first was at 2:15 p. m. and shook every
building in town. At 3:40 p. m. anothtT
trmhlor equally severe was felt and they
continued at brief Intervals until <> o'clock.
The hardest shock came at «":"2 o'clock
this evening. It was followed seveial
seconds later by a lcrud report. The di^
turbance made windows rattle and a num
ber of chimneys and old barns toppitd
down.
A Mranpe feature of the visitation of
the temblors is the violent disturbance of
the mud volcanoes located near here.
Thev Immediately became active, belching
forth mud and warm vapor. Their gurg
ling roar can be heard miles away.
LAST GREAT POTLATCH
OF ALASKAN NATIVES
Picturesque Festivities at Klukwan
Described by a White Wit
ness.
VICTORIA. B. C. Xov. 5— E. B. Shoe
mRkcr has returned from the great pot
latch at Klukwan. He fays the demon
stration, which is to be the last Indian
potlatch in the north, was creating great
excitement among the natives. Old Chief
Kodawatt and George Shortrifige had
piven dances and feasts", the blankets and
other "iotas" had been potlatched and the
beft of feeling prevailed.
The potlatch. he rnys, was ore continual
round of amusement— an extended session
of paradinjr. dancing- and giving. There
were dancing contests between the visit
ing 1 tribe? and **ven between the squaws
of the tribes. Their costumes were puady
and picturesque, and some quite expens
ive. * nere 'was no disturbance, the whites
wjjo attended belns in no way molested.
The troop? have all, returned to Skasruav.
It was feared for a time that there
would be trouble between the Chilkats
snd Chief Johson's tribesmen from Ju
r.»-au. The Juneau autocrat was in ba,d
favor and was "'given th« cold shoulder"
at ihe pntlatoh. He had sworn to give a
larger potlatch than this one. which was
rromiped to be the last, and the Chilkats
resent thisi There were abowt 400 natives
Rt thr pnt!;U(h. which was intended as a
•.rare pathorir.fr to make truce between
the Wrahpe!* and Chilkats. but in this it
failed, for the Wrangels did not come and
the feud of centuries continues.
THIRD VICTIM OF WRECK.
James Hart Succumbs to Injuries Re
ceived at Keswick.
REDDING. Nov. a.— Victims of the rail
road wreck at Keswiclc on Sunday morn
!r.g now number three. James Hart of
< 'barter Oak. la., died lasi night in this
city from ine effects of hi? injuries. One
<>f"ihe two men killed outripht. whose
r.ame oould not be loarn«-d at first, has
been found tc b«* K. J. Rowen of Casue
Rock. Wash. It was necessary this after
noon to amputate the leg of B. Woodruff
«f Ashland, Or. He may recover.
VAT^I^nJ^. Nov. I.— Harry TVllb^r, a burg
lnr. has l«epn captured at Marysvllle. Wilber
*t«l» jewelry and clothinc from a private res-
M»7ic-» h*r» la?=t P"i>tein*>«'r.
MRS. C. M. BINFORD. THB PRETTY YOUNG WIFE WHO ELOPED
FROM LOS ANOJELES WITH MAGNETIC HEALER HARRIS AND
WAS ARRESTKD WITH HIM AT PHOENIX.
Served With Ability
in Positions of Pub
lic Trust*
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 6.— Judg»
Amos r. Catlln. one of the most
prominent lawyers of Northern
California, died at his home In
this city to-day, aged 77 years.
Amos Parmalee Catlln was born In Red
Hook, Dutrhess County. N. \., on Jan
uary 25. 1823. studied law in Kingston,
lister County, and was admitted to Uie
bar as an attorney at law and solicitor in
chancery at Albany in January. 1844. He
practiced his profession in Lister County
and in the city of New lork until 154?.
when he sailed from New York on tn»
bri£j David Henshaw. arriving In San
Francisco on July 8. He went to the
mines at Mormon Island, where for gome
time he mined and practiced before an
alcalde and In tribunals known as min
ers' meetings. At the State election In
1551 he was on the Whig ticket for the
Assembly in Sacramento County with
Pierson V. Reading as the Whig candi
date for Governor. In 1*52 he was elected
State Senator, serving two years. In the
sessions of the Legislature held at \al-
IpJo Benicia and Sacramento. It was
mainly through the efforts of Senator
Catlln that the seat of government was
permanently established at Sacramento.
Jn 1S56 he was elected to the Assembly
and in March. 1S72. he was appointed on*
of the three members of the State BoaM
r.t Kqualizatlon. serving four years. In
1ST> he was a candidate on the Republican
ticket for Supreme Justice, but was de
feated. Subsequently he served on the
Superior bench of Sacramento County.
In the days of L.incoln'3 second cam
paign Judge Catlin was one of the edi
torial writers on the old and influential
Sacramento Union and his worfc was c
a scholarly character.
Judffe Catlin was a. law writer of fore*
and clearness and stood at the top of his
profession in this part of the State. Hla
Brandfather. David Catlin. was a captain
In the Revolutionary War. Judsre Catltn
was a member of the Sacramento Soeietr
of California Pioneers and. of the San
Francisco Historical Society.
California Pioneer and
Noted Lawyer Is
Summoned*
Eloping Los Angeles
Woman Released
From Jail.
Examination of Harris
Continued at His
Own Request*
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. r j.— The
prineii>:>!? Sn the
Himorci-Hiirris elopement c.i.-o
that has creatoi' considerable
fxrif^n^tu both h<rc and in I*<>s
Angola were brought before tho IJnlted
f?tatps t'niirt <'ommissionr>r to-Aay for «=<
aminatjon on tho etuurgm <'f maJnUUnlmc
illicit relations. Mrs. Itin'.ini was ,ic-
by her husband, who arrived
vestprday fr<':n Pre«cott. and who believe*
that, thnugrh bis wifr> imp errod. she has
been led tn do so through hypnotic lii
fluenro *>xprtr.1 tiy Hat;:s. Mr?. Binfonl
waived examination «n<i was piaooii under
n J2'0 hr>?id for hor appearance Iwfore t)i*»
I'nitPd fitatey <irand Jury. Her husband
provided the bond and she was released.
"ProfeCTor" Harris, through his attor
ney, ask?d that hi? examination be con
tinued ti'l Wednesday afternoon, as he
<.e»ir<»d th<» presence of an important wit-
S'.ess. who could not be ne;* before that
Time. Tlw request was granted. It la he
lleved t ho witness referred to ( .s Mr?.
Harris, who 1s exp«>ct<*d here from l^ns
Angflef. JuSpe A. C. Baker, is defending
Harris..
BINFORD SUPPLIES BAIL AND HIS
ERRING WIFE LEAVES HER CELL
DEATH CLOSES THE CAREER OF
JUDGE CATLIN OF SACRAMENTO
Bitter Denunciation of the Los An
geleno Who Preferred Charges of
Immorality Which He Could
Not Prove.
Sp*elaj Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. . 5.— Judge Fitz
gerald to-day awarded a decree of divorce
to Mr?. Frank Savage and rendered Judg
ment against the husband on his cross
complaint. ' In giving his Mecision "Judge
Fitzgerald .administered a scathing re
buke to young Savage. Mrs. Savage was
granted J4Q amonth alimony. •
The charge of improper relations with
Eugene Gannon, which the husband had
made, was, said the court, a most serious
one, and should never be made by any
man unless he had evidence of the most
conclusive character to sustain it. This
allegation Savage ; tried to prove by' his
unsupported evidence alone and he railed
to show a solitary act of wrong-doing,
unless it were that he saw his wife talk
ing and walking with other men on the
streets.
Speaking of Savage having abandoned
his wife, leaving her alone In "the flat on
Main street. Judge Fitzgerald declared,
that she, as an unprotected woman, de
serted by her husband, did just what was
natural for one left in her position. There
was no evidence showing Improper con
duct by Mrs. Savage and Gannon, as the
evidence proved that she never saw him
except in the presence of Mrs. Schappell,
to whom Gannon was engaged to be mar
ried.
"From the evidence In this case," said
the court, "I am convinced that the
charge against this little woman Is as
baseless as it Is false, and I want to state
right here that there has not. been a par
ticle of evidence Introduced upon which
a single suspicion can be found against
this wife. I, therefore, on the crpss
complaint, give judgment to the wife as
against the husband." " -¦
The court then took up the complaint,
stating that a decree of divorce was asked
for on the ground of extreme cruelty, and
said:
"It Is almost Incomprehensible to me to
Imagine a human being so brutal and low
as to do this act; one' who Is so cruel
and degraded as to strike any woman,
much less his wife. Yet Savage struck
and kicked her In the presence of com
pany. I want to say that when a woman
comes Into this court seeking a divorce
from a brute who strikes her, she will
get It every time."
Savage sat through the scorching with
a half smile on his face, which was
flushed. When the question of alimony
came up. however, and the court ordered
him to pay his ex-wlfe $40 a month, there
was a visible molsteninp of his eyes and
a vigorous application of a handkerchief.
His attorney protested against this sum,
but Judge Fitzgerald was firm, and, fur
ther, ordered him to pay $70 additional
attorneys fees.
GRANTS DIVORCE AND ALIMONY
Superior Judge Fitzgerald
Calls the Husband ;
f\ D mf a
Co DrlUU
SAVAGE SCORED
FOR MALIGNING
HIS YOUNG WIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L,, TUESDAY, .NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
JUDGE AMOS PARMALEE CATLIX, THE PIONEER OF '49 AND WELL
KNOWN* LAWYER, WHOSE DEATH AT HIS HOME IN SACRAMEN
TO HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED.
IS KNOCKED DOWN IN
HIS SALOON AND ROBBED
Louis Goss Relieved, of $137 by a
Desperate Stranger Early This
Horning.
Louis Goss. proprietor of the Market
Exchange saloon. Clay street, near Mont
gomery, was knocked down, chloroformed
and robbed In his place of business by an
unknown man shortly before 2 o'clock this
morning.
The stranger entered Gess' place appar
ently in an intoxicated condition earlier
in the night and bought several rounds of
drinks. He lingered about and as the pro
prietor was about to close the saloon the
man, who was the only other person then
in the place, struck him on the head with
a stick he carried and then applied a
handkerchief saturated with chloroform
to Goss' nose. He took $137 from the al
most unconscious man.
Goss did not entirely lose consciousness
and soon recovered enough to get outside
and notify the policeman on the beat
Goss describes his assailant as a tall
well-dressed man, with a blonde mus
tache.. .Goes is In a serious condition.
The construction of Senator Clark's new
railroad between Los Angeles and Salt
Lake City Is to be commenced at once.
Articles of incorporation are to be filed
this week. An order was placed last week
with the Colorado Fuel and Iron Works
for 8000 tons of rails, and the stock Is to
be shipped to Southern California within
thirty days.
A meeting of the projectors of the new
road Is to be held In Salt Lake City this
week, when final arrangements will be
completed. Senator \V. A. Clark will be
president. R. C. Kerens of St. Louis is
booked for vice president and T. B. Glb
bon of Los Angeles will be chief oounsel.
The company will have a capitalization of
$24,000,000.
The reason for having the rails shipped
to Southern California is explained by the
announcement that it is the purpose of
the promoters to first build a line- between
Los Angelese>and San Bernardino. The
8000 tons of ratls that have been ordered
will Just about build a track between
these two places.
Upon the completion of this section of
the line, which, by the way, has already
been surveyed, the surveying -for the re
mainder of the road will have been com
pleted and work will then be started at
Salt Lake City, the plan being to have a
force busy simultaneously at both ends of
the line. Thg, total length of the road will
be about «u<) miles, which will require
about 30,000 tons of rails.
It is reported that the United Forward
ing Company and the Fruit Growers' Ex
change, which combined control from 80
to 90 per cent of the oranges and lemons
of the State, have made an arrangement
with Senator ClarK to turn over to his
line all their fruit for a series of years.
About a year ago it was seriously sug
gested that it would be a good Idea for
the orange shippers to hold out an induce
ment of this sort to capitalists who would
build a road between Los Angeles and Salt
Lake, but nothing was done In the matter
at that time. As the fruit growers of
Southern California control shipments for
which the freight amounts to $3,000,000 or
f5.000.000 per year it will be seen that an
agreement with the Clark people along
pome puch line* as mentioned would be no
small inducement for the promoters of the
line.
Two Through Trains Ovir New Route
COAST LINE NEARLY READY.
Dally to Los' Angeles.
Thei Southern Pacific's new coast line
from this city to Los Angeles will be fin
ished next month. William Hood, chief
enjdneer, who is superintending the con
struction of the road, said yesterday that
he hoped to have the "gap" closed by De
cember 1. and then will follow the ballast
ing, upon which an extra force will be
worked day and night. Two viaducts re
main to be built, and the preliminary
work upon these Is now well under way.
The officials are deliberating as to the
number of train* that will be run over
the new line. At the present time the com
pany is running three trains a day over
its old valley branch. One of these trains
leaves at 9 a. m., a second, the "owl,"
leaves at 5 p. m.. and the third, which is
an accommodation and goes through to
New. Orleans, leaves a few minutes after
the "Owl." ...
General Passenger Traffic Manager Mc-
Cormlck said 'yesterday that while no
definite conclusion had yet been reached
there will in all probability be two through
trains run over the coast road, the plan
being to transfer one of the valley trains
to the coast line, which would make four
through trains a day to and from Los An
peles. It Is likely that the New Orleans
train will be the one transferred to the
new line. In addition to the through
trains there will be a number of local ac
commodations, the number depending
upon the demand.
TO KEADJUST HOUBS AND PAY.
Southern Pacific Will Grant Some of
the Requests of Employes.
The conference that has been going on
for three weeks between Manager Fill
more, the division superintendents of the
Southern Pacific Railroad and the twenty
flve delegates representing 1500 conductors,
brakemen and yardmen in the employ of
the company, will be concluded to-day.
4
SOLE AGENTS
WELLMAN,PECK&CO.
Judge William P. Lawlor Is thoughtful
and ' studious as 'well as a practical man
of affairs,' and merits the support of. all
voters.' " . ¦ - ..'_ •
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
" "The pr»i«* I vo.'.d like to give your " Golden
Medical Discovery ' I cannot utter in words or
describe with yicn." writes James D. Ambrose,
Ksq.. of lion;; Mifflin Strret. Huntingdon. Pa.
"I was tai-'-a '"own with what our physicians
said was indigestion. I doctored witn the best
aronnd here and found no relief. I wrote to you
and vou sent me a question blank to fill out and
I did so and you tWn advised me |o use Dr.
PifTce's Golden Medical Discover}'. I took three
bottles and I felt so pood that I stopped— being,
•s I think, cured. I have no symptoms of gas-
tric trouble or indigestion now."
- Dr. Pierce's -tommon Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing <?«7j; <x Send
21 one-cent stamps for paper covered
book, or v stamps for cloth bound.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
/
When there is
undue fuliness af-
ter eating, with
belching, soar ris-
ings ana other dis-
tressing symptoms,
a prompt use of Dr.
Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery
will effect a speedy
cure. In the most
extreme cases of
disease of the stom-
ach and other or-
gans of digestion
and nutrition, the
persistent use of
the "Discovery"
will result in a com-
plete cure in nine-
ty-eight cases out
of every hundred.
9
Are walked by the billiard player, as he
moves around the table. That is the
only exercise many a city man gets. It
is this lack of exercise in* the shut-in-life
of the city, com- i^>»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T^WT "TRAVEL BROADENS
| A* tYvjSap»«« THB MCfO."
Lj 4 3c? He purctMM* Bit outfit tad
fcf^tiA taJcM »blp farjSottthamptoa.
Trlti tverythte jf u ntjitaal on tlio rmou> 'M
having heard thit each knd h&i »me 1
In London be partake* of m Csh dinner, A
and bets en tbo helghth of tha ctaeis, n
Drinks a Bterof ~b«er la lOmua
Rathskeller but Unds th» oytten Mtnc-
what qu<er.
Is Invited. whHo In S€ Petersburg to a
breakfast of " Bl*enee " and caviar* and
discovers tha .former ta be buckwheat I
cakes for which Russia b cehbrated. v 4
Ariamc* with W* frfcod to oak**
generous consignment of this particular
buckwheat to hU «ddre*« in New York
and writes his wtfe t» arrange * bock*
wheat cake breakfast for a few Intimate
friends on the occasion of his return home.
Th« gye*t« are particularly phased
with the buckwheat cakes and especially
with the drcamstanc** connected there*
with, so ho send* fora paefcajp of 4h«
buckwheat to ahow them.
And one and alt an surprised to find
that It b nude by the H-0 Company
whose cereals are famous. all .over tbs
world.'
! Thus travel broadens the mlrtd*LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
POMESTIC FORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed "Nov 5— SUnr
Alcazar, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Sailed Nov ?— Stmr Moxusotith
ehire, for Yokohama and Portland. Or.
SUSPECTED CASE OF
PLAGITE IN GERMANY
Case of a Sailor Arriving in Bremen
From South America Being
Closely Watched-
BREMEN, Nov. 5.— A plague case ha?
apparently developed in Germany, a
sailor named Kunze.- who arrived here
October 27 on board the German stea/ner
Marlenburg from South America, has
shown suspicious symptoms and the au
thorities notitied the bacteriological ex
perts to determine whether it is a ca*e
of the plague.
The German steamer Marlenburg sailcii
from Rosario, Argentine Republic, prior
to September 10 and from Las Palma<?
Canary Islands. October 11. for Hamburg'
where she arrived October 19. '
A Royal Autoruobilist.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Cor-yrieht, 1900, by the Herald Pub-
Hshlns Company.
BERLIN, Nov. 5.— The • German Em
press Is the latest social recruit to the
automobile fad. Two days ago she drove
from the new palace at Potsdam to visit
the Crown Prince, in an- automobile
which she steered herself.
Big Shipment of Gold.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— J. and W. Selig
man & Co. announced that their San
Francisco correspondent, the Anglo-Call
fornla Bank, has about $20,000,000 in gold
on the way from Australia. It is due at
San Francisco in a fortnight.
LONDON. Nov. 3.— At Bow-street
Police Court to-day Julian T. B. Arnold,
son of Sir Edwin Arnold, who has been
extradited from California, was remanded
on the charge of misappropriating £14,000
of trust funds. He denied the charge.
Julian Arnold Remanded.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 5.— Adjutant Gen
eral * Corbin • has arranged to take a
month's leave of absence in order to re
cuperate his health, which Is -somewhat
impaired as a result of the constant strain
to which it has been subjected for the
pa«t three years, dating from the begin
ning of the military preparations for the
Spanish war. He has engaged passage on
the American liner New York, sailing
from New York on the Uth Inst. for
Southampton and expects to return and
resume his duties by -the middle of De
cember. He will spend a week each in
London and Paris. John Johnston or
the adjutant general's department will
accompany General Corbin to Europe.
Corbin to Visit Europe.
DE2CIES THAT HUNTINGTON
INTENDS TO RESIGN
j Chairman Tweed Says He Is Well
Satisfied With the Election
of Hays.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— Rumors were re
ceived to-day that H. E. Huntington con
templates resigning from the vice presi
dency of the. Southern Pacific Company
because, it is stated, he is dissatisfied with
the election of the new president, Charles
M. Hays.
Chairman Tweed characterized the ru
mor as absurd, and declared that no mem
ber of the board had more heartily ap
proved Mr. Hays* election than Mr. Hunt
ington. . .
Wells-Fargo Concern Is Charged
With Breach of Contract and an
Accounting Is Asked For.
NETW ORLEANS. Nov. 5.— Suit was
filed in the United States Court here by
M. F. Loughlin of New York and F. J.
Virgin and C. L. Loop of Tennessee
against the Wells-Fargo Express anfl the
Southern Express companies for an ac
counting of the affairs of the express
companies and for J^OO.OuO damages.
Petitioners state they held stock in the.
Texas Express companies which did bust*
• ness in Louisiana, and which had a work
t ing arrangement with Wells, Fargo & Co.,
j for a dividend of receipts of the business
done in these States. They charge that
the Wells-Fargo broke faith and obtained
control of the business themselves.
SUE EXPRESS COMPANIES
FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
Postoffices May Close.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 5.— The Postmas
ter General announces that the postmas
ters are authorized to observe the holiday
hours In all States In which election day
Is a holiday,'
BOSTON, Nov. 5.— Judge Grant of the
Suffolk County Probate Court to-day dis
missed the petition brought by H. A. Root
of New York asking for a partial distribu
tion in Massachusetts of the estate of the
late Andrew J. Davis, the Montana njil
lionaire, in accordance with the decree of
tho court In Montana, which affirms a
compromise. Judge Grant said that it did
not seem equitable at this time to grant
the petition, since the application ap
peared to have been made with a view to
evade liens filed in Montana against the
interest of the petitioner and others.
"Mr. Roofs petition is only a side issue
In an extended litigation over the estate
of the dead mining king of Butte. which
has been before the courts of Massachu
setts and Montana for several years.
Colombian Rebels Active.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Nov. 5.— Advices
from Colombia say the rebels are active
along the Magdalena River and that the
Liberals are gaining strength. With
business paralyzed' >ind a decreasing rev
enue, the Government, It is asserted,
stands a poor chance of soon crushing
the rebellion. Former President San
Clemente. who was imprisoned by Senor
Marroquin, the President, is still a pris
oner and in ill-health.
Judge Grant Dismisses the Petition
Filed \>y H. A. Root Claiming
It Is Unjust.
REFUSES DISTRIBUTION
OF THE DAVIS ESTATE
In the strict sense of the term the court
rinds that the Central Grain and Stock
Exchange is not a bucket shop, the rec
ords brought Into court showing that
grain, although in small quantities, had
actually been received and aelivered.
Under the decision the board must fur
nish quotations to any interest asking for
them, assuming that they are to be leg
ally used. .The board, ihe court holds, is
not a proper Judge of the legality of the
use. that being a matter for the consid
eration of the commercial court. Should
the court tind a . concern receiving the
board quotations to be a bucket shop the
board may then, under the Illinois stat
utes, withhold the quotations.
CHICAGO. Nov. 5.— In a decision ren
dered by Judge Vail in the Circuit Court
here to-day it is declared that the Chi
cago Board of Trade market quotations
are a public Interest and must be distrib
uted without discrimination. The decision
was rendered In the case of the Chicago
Board of Trade vs. the Central Grain and
Stock Exchange, the board having asked
the court to dissolve' the temporary In
junction restraining it from withholding
its Instructions from the defendant, alleg
ing said defendant to be a bucket shop
In ruling against the Board of Trade
Judge Vail made the injunction perpetual.
Sixty days are allowed the attorneys for
the board to prepare a bill of exceptions
to be carried before the Annellate Court.
Court Holds That Central Grain and
Stock Exchange Is Not a
Bucket Shop, as It
Delivers Grain.
Must Furnish Quotations to
Any Interest Asking
for Them.
CHICAGO BOARD
OF TRADE LOSES
NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— A special to the
from Bombay says: The Rajah
! of Jhind has eloped with the daughter of
i a - wealthy Englishman, Miss Olive Mon
. aleten.
She is young, pretty, highly educateJ
, and has been s. prominent figure In so
cietv in this city, where her father Is a
'¦ merchant. He is 21, tall, black-haired.
: black-eyed, almost black-skinned, rich
: and already the owner of at least two
, wives.
The young Rajah lives In the city of
! Jhind, up in the Punjab, and Is
1 the nominal ruler of a state 9jO
: square miles in extent and having
i a population of about 199,000. He
> is a Sikh in faith as well as in race,
' and the marriage ceremony was per
; formed by an old Sikh priest according to
' the ancient rites of his ancestors.
While in theory the Rajah Is a social
i superior of the bride's family and entitled
to a salute of nine guns from a British
' warship, in fact he is no more eligible
j as a husband to any white woman than a
; negro In America is eligible to marry a
j banker'6 daughter.
The social line Is sharply drawn. While
I all Englishmen, from the Viceroy down.
j are proud to receive and entertain the
swarthy Rajahs, Maharajah?. Mlrs. Gak
| wars and Nlzams, such a thing as mar
! riage with one Is Impossible, and the
i woman who does It cuts herself off for
ever from all society and becomes simply
one of her husband's many wives, an in
habitant of his harem, and virtually his
clave. •
Is Now His Third Wife, Ostracized
From the Society of Whites,
and Practically His
Slave.
*
Sl>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
[Miss Olive Monalesen a
Beautiful Belle, Weds
the Ruler of Jhind. .
— . —
SOCIETY GIRL
AND RAJAH ELOPE
TORONTO, Nov. 5.— The Toronto so'
diers of the South African contingent re
turned here to-day and were received
with tremendous enthusiasm. Traffic was
suspended for hours and altogether the
demonstration counts as one of the most
notable In the history of the city.
LONDON, Nov. 5.— Lord Roberts tele
graphs from Johannesburg under date of
November 3 that in operations In the Bel
fast district November 2 Captain' Chal
mers of the Canadian Mounted Rifles
was killed and Major Sanders of the same
command was wounded.
The following dispatch has been re
ceived at the War Offlce from Lord Rob
erts: "The Hawarden Castle sails No
vember 6 with the Canadian regiment "
The South African Hospital Commission
heard the last witness in London to-dav
Mrs. Richard Chamberlain, sister-in-law
to Joseph Chamberlain, the' Secretary of
State for the Colonies, made the session
quite exciting. She added little to her
previous testimony, but heckleu the com
mission.
The Nationalist group In the Chamber
of Deputies to-day appointed a delega
tion to meet Mr. Kroner at the station. '
PARIS, Nov. 3.— The Municipal Council
has made a motion expressing warm sym
pathy and admiration for the Boers "In
their heroic defense «cf their Indepen
dence" and resolving that the President
and other officers of the Council shall
welcome Mr. Kruger at the station upon
hi? arrival in Paris and shall invite him
to an official reception at the Hotel de
Ville.
Former President of the Transvaal to
Be Tendered an Official Recep
tion in the Hotel de
Ville.
Action Taken by Nationalist
Group in Chamber
of Deputies.
DELEGATION TO
MEET KRUGER
SAXTA BARBARA. Nov. 5.— With
the Insane father In the High
lands Asylum, little Vincent
hovering between life and death,
and the mother frantic with
grief, the once happy h<7m« of Eben Pen
field of Oak Park is desolate. An extra,
caro has been added In the Invalid grand
father, the elder Penfield, who has re
ceived a severe setback in the shock oc-
casloned by the late tragic events.
Vincent Penfiold. the child, who was
shot through the head by his father dur
log one «}f the latter's maniacal periods.
Is still aiive at the Cottape Hospital.
Part of the time he is conscious enough to
call for what he wants and knows his
mother's *olce. but his sight Is thought
to be forever eone. If he recovers from
the wound inflicted by the maniac it will
be regarded as almost In the nature of a
The Insanity Commission, which ex
amined Eben Penfield, recommended that
he be removed at once to Highlands,
which has been done. During his last
night In Jail the ringing of the fire bell
at the dead of night jarred upon his
weakened nerves and his demoniacal crie»
awakened the neighborhood for blocks
around.
miracle. Even should the physicians suc
ceed In saving his life, it is believed the
lad would be bereft of his reason.
Special Dispatch to the CalL
NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— Frank H. Stott.
head of the woolen mill firm of C. H. and
F. H. Stott at Stottvllle. Is dead. He was
one of the best-known manufacturers- in
the textile trade.
Frank H. Stott.
. VALLEJO, Nov. 5-— Sylvester Warford.
an eld resident, died here this afternoon
of paralysis. He had resided in Vallejo
forty-five years and wa* employed as a
shipwright on Mare Island.
Sylvester Warf ord.
CARACAS, Venezuela. Nov. 5.— Senor
Castillo, who has frequently held Cabinet
positions and who was the opponent of
General Andrade In 1S?7, when the latter
was elected President, Is dead.
BOSTON. Nov. 5.— The Rev. Dr. La
fayette M. Gordon, a missionary of the
American Board In Japan since 1ST2. Is
dead, aged 6S years. He returned to the
United States on a furlough last year.
. Senor Castillo.
Dr. Lafayette Gordon.
PITTSBIRG. Nov. 5.— J. W. F. White.
Judge of the Allegheny County courts,
died at his home In Sewlckley. Pa., to-day
after a long Illness. He was SO years old
and ha-* been on the bench for twenty
three years.
Judge J. W. F. White.
Isaac Hull Adams.
QUINCY. Mass.. Nov. 5.— Isaac Hull
Adams, a grandson of President John
Adams and a nephew of President John
Q. Adams, died at his home near
here to-day, aged S7 years. Mr. Adams
was never married.
Dr. F. W. Conn.
NAPA. Nov. 5.— Dr. F. W. Conn, a na
tive of Ohio, aged 60 years, died yesterday
of epilepsy. In early days he practiced
medicine at Virginia City. New Dr. F.
M. Conn, a brother, resides in Seattle ani
Mrs. R. V. Allen of Santa Rosa and Mrs.
Judge E. D. Ham of Napa were his sis
ters.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 5— John B. Bondielli.
a brother of the Jesuit Order, died at the
Jesuit Novitiate at Los Gates last even-
In'jf. He was a native of Italy and 62 years
of age. Deceased had been a member of
the order for forty-three years. For year*
he had been connected with Santa Clara
and St. Ignatius colleges, and he had a
State-wide reputation as a cook and
caterer.
John B. Bondielli. S. J.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. a.— Addison
Garland, uncle of Hamlin Garland, the au
thor and journalist, died last evening af
ter a lingering illness. Mr. Garland was
born in Greenwood. Maine. In 1S2S. His
early life was passed In business in Bos
ton. Later he engaged in the mercantile
business in Wisconsin, where he became
wealthy. He came to Santa Barbara -In
1ST5 and here led a retired Hfe. For many
years past he has been an invalid. Mr.
Garland enjoyed a visit some time ago
from his nephew Hamlin. who has sinco
made him the hero of one of his stories.
A widow and thjee children survive him.
A brother in Nebraska is a prominent Re
publican of that State.
Addison Garland.
&he pead
EBEN" PENFIELD OF SAXTA BARBARA, LITTLE VINCENT PENFIELD AND THE SCENES ATTENDING THE
SHOOTING OF THE CHILD BY THE FATHER AFTER THE LATTERS SUDDEN INSANITY. SHOULD VIN
CENT RECOVER HE MAY BE BLIND AND HALF-WITTED. ,
General Wood Is Thanked for His
Conduct of Affairs in the
Island. \
HAVANA. Nov. 5.— The Cuban consti
tutional convention met in the Marti
Theater this evening. The theater ¦was
crowded. Many thousands were unable
to gain admittance and the streets in the
r.fichborhood were blocked with people.
General Wood and his staff, accom
panied by General Kitzhiigh Le» and his
Ftaff. received an ovation on entering, the
bands playing "America."
Senor Cirneros and General Rivera
escorted Geneial Wood to the platform
and he almost immediately opened the
convention.
The convention organized with Senor
Llorer.te. Justice of the Supreme Court,
a? president and Senor Villuendo as sec
retary. The thirty-one mtmbers of the
<•<¦_ r.ver.tlcn took the oath.
The following resolutions were pre
sented to the president of the convention
¦and will probably be adopted to-morrow:
"First— That a committee of the Assem
bly proceed immediately to call on Gen
eral Wood and to manifest the satisfac
tion with which the delegates have seen
him carry out the difficult mission en
trusted to him.
'"Second— That the committee request
Geoeral Wood to cable to the President
of the I'nlted States as follows:
"The delegates elected to the constitu
tional convention, assembled at their in
augural meeting, greet with profound
pratitude and affecticn the President of
the United Slates of America and they
sre satisfied with the honestv demon-
Ftrated in the fulfillment of the declara
tions made in favor of liberty and the In
dependence of the Cuban people "
The convention adjourned until to-mor
row afternoon.
Population of Indiana
WASHIXGTOX. Nov. 5.— The popula
tion of Indiana as offlciajly announced
to-day by the Census Bureau. Is 2.515,
452. ap against 2.1T-2.404 in 1S3>>; an Increase
of 224.G&&. or 31.7 per cent.
The population of Florida as ofacially
announced Is 52S.542. as against 3?1.422 in
I c yi. an Increase of 137.120. or ZZ per cent.
OPZ2.'I2CG OF T^E
CUBAN CONVENTION
Is Almost Lmpossible.
ST. PETEESBUKG. Nov. :,.-rrlr.ce j
KhilkoJf. Busrian Minister of Railroads,]
authorizes the Associated P:e.=s to deny j
c«.tegorica;!>- the assertion of a leading j
German r.ev.ppaper that Rufsia is plan-
King to cT.?truct a railway from Sam:'.rl
kand to Hankow via the Kashgar Valley,
Laice Kukunor and the \Veiho and Huang
tio valipvj. or any other route. He as
•erts thai the intervening mountains are
sil but impaf5ab!e, and that such a line j
would cop: billions of dollars, though it j
patHBlbly may be bti.lt a hundred years
trim now.
'"Russia." «aid Prince KhilkrS, '•for
merly oontcrnplated a line from Samar
kand to T^msk. hut she gave up the
project when the Chinese troubles began. |
The c:reet hrartch line from St. Peters
burg to the Siberian railway ras also been
al andened for the present.
"The only line now in process of con
struction or projected is a. line from Oren
l -jrir. on the Oral, to Taskend, in Syr ;
I>ar:a.
"There is not much chance of American
fhops supplying Russia with railway ma
trrials in the future. The Russian shops
have a. capacity of MM) locomotives an
nually, which exceeds the demand of the )
country. They could build SS.'XK) cars a '
I'.lt. whereas Russia ordered only 15.0X)
fcr l>:>0."
W". R. Holloway, Cnlted States Consul
at St. Pr-terpburp. has recently received
xr.any inquiries regarding an alleged rail
way for which America is to supply the
capital. Prince Khilkoff says that no
such road is oont*rmr>;ated. He thir.ks It
probaJble that unauthorized agents are
opecatias In tl>e United States.
• • •
DENIES THAT RUSSIA IS
PLAK"NT2-:G XEW RAILWAY
Princ* Khilkoff Says Th2t the Ccn
fitruction of a Line to Hankow
v.as released from Jail only to-day
IHOENTX. Nov. 5— A shotgrun -with a
riorv >" Tvornan at its business end put a
Fi:ddpn terminus to the careor of a des
perate half-brred Mexican rftariJK" to
r.'?rht. At her home on South Third street
(rit - Charles Peterson shot and Instantly
killed Wnttira Paeo ar.i th*» verdlci of
the Coroner's jury exonerated her.
Mrs. Peterson's husband hud c -no up
to-A:i. Hearing a. nctse in the yard uaclc
of the houfe she took a gur. a:-.d went
out to investigate. She saw a man in the
rear of the Jot, and, making out the Jim
outline of his- tigrjre in the dusk, she
called &r;d a_skeU what he was ao:nz. He
T'.med ar.d ra:; toward J*r. Siie called
t • h!m to halt, but he #nly ran faster.
When he had almost reached her she
pulled the tric-ger. emf>tyir.g both barrels
into bis side.
Neighbors hurried to tJ*e .=cene and
fcund Paco lying dead in f he yard. Mrs.
Peterson took the gun ir.:o the house and
rent for the Sheriff. Ar. ir-juest was held
e:i hour later and th«» Bhootlng was de
clared to be justifiable.
Ventura Paco was of half Vaqui blood
£T.d a very dangerous character. He had
served a term in an insane a.'vlura ajid
tacks H-r and Is Stopped With
a Double Charge or
Shot.
»
£ ?eclal Disratoh to The Call.
Insane and Desperate Stranger At-
Mrs. Charles Peterson of
Phoenix Shoots a Half
breed Mexican.
PLUCKY WOMAN
ENDS THE LIFE
OF A PROWLER
Rogers Talks at San Diego.
BAN DIEGO. Nov. 5.— Earl Rogers of
Los Angeles closed, the campaign for the
Bryanites here to-night, speaking on the
subject of 'trusts and Imperialism. J. :D.
Mannlx was the chairman of the meeting.
• CROCKETT, Nov. 5.— Republicans end
ed the Contra Costa County campaign
here to-night. Special trains from Cou
cord, Martinez and neighboring i towns
conveyed delegations, which swelled tha
ranks in the parade :o about 509 voters.
After an able address" by ex-Congress
man Barham the meeting adjourned and
the town went mad with Republican en
thusiasm. - •
Ford Speaks at Petaluma.
PETALTJMA. Nov. 5.— The Republicans
closed the campaign here to-night with a
big rally, fireworks, music and the boom
ing of. ccnr.on. Tirey L. Ford spoke to a
crowded house. The Rough Rider Quar
tet of Santa Rosa rendered vocal selec
tions. .
Colton Republican Rally.
COLTON, Nov. 5.— The Republicans of
Colton closed the campaign with a rousing
rally. Hon. O. Z. Hubbell. C. G. Bennlck.
candidate for the Assembly In the Sev
enty-eighth District, and N. Lujan dis
cussed the Issues of the day.
; »
Last Rally at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. ».— The campaign
closed this evening with a Democratic
meeting at the Armory, addressed by D.
M. Delmas. The indications are that the
Republicans will have a majority of more
than 300 in this county.
Speech by Barham.
Chlco's Ovation to Sproui.
CHICO. Nov. 5.— The last political meet
ing of the local campaign was addressed
to-night by Hon. Jo D. Sproul, Demo
cratic nominee for Congress from the Sec
ond District, and Hon. Frank Gould. Cit
izens turned out regardless of politics to
meet Sproul. who has spent nearly all his
life in this city. The meeting was held In
Armory Hall, which waS crowded to the
doors, and seveial hundred stood outside
throughout the meeting.
? ..
Needham Closes at Modesto.
MODESTO, Nov. ». — Congressman Need
ham and H. S. Foote closed the campaign
In this city to-night at Armory Hall be
fore a large audience, hundreds failing to
gain admission. The Congressman's re
ception in his home town was magnifi
cent and his clear, logical presentation of
the issues of the campaign was received
with tremendous applause. He undoubt
edly will be re-elected to represent the
Seventh District.
Rival Rallies at Santa Rosa.
SANTA RdsA. Nov. 5.— The campaign
was brought to a close in this city to
night with great enthusiasm on both sides.
The Democrats secured the Athenaeum
and held their meeting there. Hon. "W. H.
Alford was the speaker and Mayor J. L.
Sweet presided. The Republicans held
their meeting tn Ridgeway Hall. Horace
G. Platt and J. V. McNab were the speak
ers. Both meetings were highly success
ful.
Hearty Reception Accorded the Can
didate for Congress.
COLMA, Nov. 5.— Colma did itself proud
to-night in its reception to J. H. Henry,
Democratic nominee for Congress. En
thusiasm, music and bonfires "ran riot."
The hall was packed to the doors and
many had been turned away, unable . to
pain admittance, when W. A. Booth called
the meeting to order. Music was supplied
by the Colma band and the Stanford Uni
versity Campaign Glee Club. Mr. Henry
gave •what" he terms one of his business
talks, which was well received by the
audience.
•
Santa Barbara Votes for Bonds.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 5. — 'ue
warmest election held here In years was
that of to-day for the issuance of $60,&>>
bonds for a high school building. Som«
weeks ago the City Council adopted
plans for the building' contrary to thi
wishes of the Board of Education. The
plans adopted were drawn by Cunning
ham & Paliteo of San Francisco. The
Board of Education had recommende-i
plans drawn by Francis Wilson, a local
architect. As the city rauc needs a
high school building and pupils ran 'buses
to the polling places all day and elec
tioneered for the bonds. The result was
S65 for to 260 against the bonds. -~
Senator Perkins at Vallejo.
VALLEJO. Nav. o. — The Republicans
closed their campaign here to-night with
the largest demonstration of the season.
Senator George W. Perkins addressed a
throng that packed Farragut Theater to
suffocation. Frank Rooney. who is asso
ciated closelv with the labor union? ol
Vallejo, acted ai president of the meeting,
and a large number of vice presidents
were selected from the Republicans who
work in Mare Island navy yard and have
reason to thank Senator Perkins for his
efforts in behalf of that naval"station.
Final Democratic Plea.
VACAVILLE. Nov. 5. — The Democrats
closed the campaign here with a rouslnp
meetimr, the opera-house being crowded
to the doors. A torchlight procession pre
ceded the meeting- Judge E. E. McFar
land presided. The principal speech was
made by Hon. Ed E. Leake of Woodland.
He appealed the voters to go to the
polls to-morrow and do their duty to their
country, their families and themselves by
supporting the Democratic ticket.
COLMA'S GREETING TO HENRY
LOS GATOS, Nov. 5. — The Republicans
of Los Gates closed the campaign to-night
with a rally that will live in the political
history of the foothill city. The McKin
ley Rough Riders from San Jose paraded
through streets illuminated by bonfires.
The Los (Jatos Republican -Marching Club
turned out with full-dlnner-pail lanteri:^.
Hon. Frank McGowan was, the principaJ
speaker of the e-veninjT. His arraignment
of Bryan'3 peculiarly Inconsistent attitude
on the so-called imperialistic policy was
particularly effective. He ridiculed the
stand of the Democracy as to the trusts
and concluded with a confident prediction
for a sweeping Republican success to
morrow.
Louis Oneal. candidate for Senator: Dr.
F. W. Knowles. candidate for Supervisor,
and George S. Walker, candidate for the
Assembly, spoke.
Senator Frank Me Go wan Fires a Part
ing Volley at Bryanism.
LOS GATOS CAMPAIGN ENDS.
cheers. It was an ovation eclipsing by far
anything of a political nature ever seen
here before. Hundreds of Democrats
jelred in the demonstration.
Mr. Woods made the closing speech of
the campaign in his home town, and no
nominee ever faced a battle of the ballots
with more promising. Indications of vic
tory. Preceding the meeting there was a
great procession, of diversified features,
including fifty hacks and four bands.
Woods will leave San Joaquin County
with 1500 majority.
STOCKTON. Nov. 5. — For nine minutest
to-night Sam U. Woods, the Republican
candidate for •Congress, stood before an
audience of his fellow townsmen which
ffemed bent on raising the roof with Its
Special Dispatch to The Call
San Joaquin County Will Give Him
1500 Majority, and His Elec
.tion Now Seems a
Certainty.
Stpckton's Splendid Tribute
to the Nominee for
Congress.
SAM D. WOODS
WELCOMED IN
HIS HOME CITY
DEATH MAY PROVE A BLESSING
TO LITTLE VINCENT PENFIELD
Santa Barbara Lad Who Was Shot by His
Insane Father Probably Will Lose Both
Sight and Reason Should He Sur
vive the Wound Inflicted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
5
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE OAMIANA BITTER3. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives healta and,
' eofth to sexual organs. Depot, C3 Uttiut.
Dr. Bennett's Electric. Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and stroni?
men and vrmra stronger. Rooms 3 and 5, 4?
Pest st.. San Francisco. Cal.
We will pay C3 to aay eo* who cannot b«'
cured with one box of VERUS PILE CTRTC
Price C
Over £00" cures. So claimant for reward. •
"I am stsre my case of piles was M.'ial as
any case could "be. 1 had them fifteen years
and tried all sorts of rerredles. I saw tha
Verus Pile Cure advertised, boujtht a box. w.»>i
little hop* of a cure. Imagine my surrrisa
when flve applications cured ire. Tt Is tha
best In the world. J. MORRISOT.
"Salt Lake City, rtah."
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Re 225. WilSOltM
Or Ellington Druy Co.. Agents. Los Angeles.
Cal.
nLEu uuriLii
KOHLBR & CHASE,
Piano Headquarters,
26, 28, 30 O'Farrell St.
SAN FRANCISCO.
These Pianos are the hand-
somest we have ever had and
cost no more than the old
styles.
Come and investigate our
new plan of selling these in-
struments.
Any one can own a fine
Piano.
Largest stock to select
from.*
We have just received a
large shipment of the very
latest designs of cases in all
kinds of wood.
PIANOS
OIL
Oil, Land and Stock Broker, 537-533-
539 Parrott Building, San Francisco.
James R. T. Mershon,
1OOO shares LION OIL CO.'S
STOCK, which has just struck a big
gusher in the Sunset District, Kern
County, for sale at 5Oc. We have an
option on this amount for a few days
only. Will sell the whole block or
any part of it. Apply
OIL
WDlIf ASH STEAM COAL, t^ e b L?£
DIAMOND COAL MINIXO CO.. ¦•. tt» GKEKM
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Beat Coal la ta»
icarket. Offlc* *nd Tards— *50 Mala street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tugnjpw. PARTRIDGE "*S£2T
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First St.. San Franctsaa.
PRINTING.
Lf HFfiHF^ PRINTER.
W* IlLUllLJ. 5ii Sansoxne st. 9. F.
PAI.NTS.
Cylinder * Lobrteatin* Oils. Schneider's Mir.Jn*
Candles. C O. CLIN'CH t CO.. i Front. 3. F.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLI3.
41S Front st.. S. F. Pncns Mala 1719.
METAL.
Extra I!r.ot»p« and stereotype metal. PartSa
Metal Works. 1ST-* First St.. San Francisco.
OALVANIZI.VO AND METALS.
M*fr. A tv-ulT la Mrtala A Gal-ranlztn?. JOHN
FIXX METAL WORKS. K5 Howard st.
FRESH AMD SALT MEATS.
JAS-BOYES&CO- 8i^.L BB J ££5?W M
COPPERSMITH.
CW CWITH Shl P Plamblnr. Steamboat and
• IT • J.U1 1 11» Enly Work a specialty. U aad
IS Washington it. Telephone Main Sttl.
COAL, COKE \>D PIO IRO.N.
I f HII SOV £ Ct\ 'W Battery Street.
Jlr ttJlOV.l C \,\) , Telephone Main 1*U.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. Itvrytr.
£!» California »t., Clnr.Ja building-.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
the EgpqsrrjM. | THE , EMPO^ ITng - '-
Materials for Holiday £
lysgjksfr} " Fancy Work |
' v%'i )%fe £0&$0zwli ! 1 Everything that you will need x
ti?i ? or y° nr k°^ a y f acc 7 can ;*
'"¦ be bought here at D^tzr/m*/:/ 5'or* •*
r ces - Yarns of all kinds; Shet- %
'¦^^S^lIj^^^^^^S^^v land Floss; Cistor, Spanish. Saxony ;J
and Germanto-K-n Wools; Knitting '*
.r^^^^^yg^^ Si:ks; Duchess Honiton. Batten- ;»
-¦^^t^^^ft*^^?^ berg and Point L^.ce Braids; Pat- *
terns for Lace Making; Metal Top3 "%
for Parses and Bags; B?ads of all kinds; Tis?ue Papers; Leathers, etc. J
Cushion Tops — All with Imitation Irish Point $
backs to match, a very large GoTttSs — Very newest effects -2
assortment, and new one3 ar- wfll make pretty holiday gifte x
riving almo=t daily — that your housekeeping friends £
ab sket of Ciriations ~5O*- will appreciate^- -J
<->riou Smoker ' D3«i S n« SOo z^ite't Sand C.var... 50o to $1.25 %
H llrb»rne*, with lit'ic* w$:k BOG VI- n:h Dre3scr C.var* X
Several Styles of M-ssic T>p» 5uc £ BOO to Sf.SO "5
Liir tf Vil!e\ on back srrouad SOc 72-bch SiJeboard C>verv %
If as;nic Tup?. Bit ln'or Tops e f c. 50c 75o to S2*OO '*
Diisiis, Ros?s. V o.ets «nd P:ni^. 2Sc 32-inch Stem* tomatch. psr pair -J
Co-.virjtienil anl Cross-fatitch D si""* :.SJm25 tO S2mOO X
. : •"••—•••••••••"••••••• 25 ° Center Pieces- -Tea Cioths, ?
Linen Pockets-For many Squares , Scarfs> Doylie3; de . S
purpose?, most of them bounjl glgB9 shown for tha tet tiae tMs £
with red tape and stamped in sea-oa, on gooi roaai-thread linen.... S
appropriate designs for work lOo to 81*75 £
in-* — Metal Tops for Bags and ¦*
Carln?-Iron Ho'der. -..„ 7 3 Purses, gilt, oxidized and French jf
C mb ard Bru>h Bijr 8c gny 35o to SI •*
Boads-Steel gilt and je£ all 5
Tv,>PcV,tShoe B.g 12c "*»•}"?? T ~2Oo £
LmidyBgs 25c to S3 Ywool Yarns— Only the very J
Lsce Making is the fad of best crades are sold here — .«
the year. We have patterns Cas or Wool for 9 lipj)er3,3hank3..50o J
, J , . ., x »• i Dresden Woo 1 , for skirts, hank 25o %
for makmtr all sorts of lace lhB(i F 0 . 9t for shawls. haak.../2jo >«
articles — Tie Ends, Turnover Saxary Wool, for stockings, et<^, skeia j{
Collars, Botero?, Reveres, Jack lOo Vj
•^Curtain Ends Center Pieces. gjgggjte«|g^go |
etc; Pattern, cost So to 35o «„„„ 5 //*_ Fir3t g^ |
Braids, Rings, Motives a »i colors, ipooi : ...Wo i
and Lace Threads in very large R i chard 's Stamping 5
assortment, at lowest prices. Pai/s-Do your own stamp- f
Pitt Cushions — Satin lace- irg; demonstrator will explain it to $
trimmed Pin Cushions ia great va- yon; simple, convenient, rapid; en sa'e \
riety, each SOo to S3.5O in center ais'e §1mOO JT
Opera *3f9Hfr ECSLfliS^rf^B^HiH BK\ IS Ostrich £
Saecial sale ™ OOsUt^H^nle tfca^raaor. 3 hades. £
this -week. California's laroest— americas grandest store. $12.50 to S25 x
" ' - ' ... . . *
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WAS3.
Electrical Eagise*?. 38 East st.There were many people at the Hal
loween reunion and dance given by James
A. Garfleld Belief Corps No. 21, "Woman's
Relief Corps,- in the Social Hall of the
Alcazar building on the night of the SOt 1 !
of October. There were a number of the
games of the Halloween season for young
and Qld, a short programme, Including
vocal selections by Vina Alborall; recita
tion, Mrs. Keith; piano recital. Miss Annie
Phillips, and fancy dancing by M. Humph
rey. The dance programme and the games
kept the assemblage together until mid
night. Mrs. S. H. Wilson was the chair
man of the committee that arranged tho
pleasing evening's entertainment.
James A. Garfleld, Corps.
iVOTE EARLY AND VOTE RIGHT.
ON your way downtown this morning stop at
your polling place and vote before you begin
the business of the day. Do not postpone the
I duty until the afternoon. For every citizen of the
I Union voting is the chief . responsibility of the day,
I and should be attended to before anything else. At-.
j tend to it promptly yourself and then' get around
i among your friends and urge them to action.
No citizen will be justified" in staying away from
the polls to-day merely because- he deems Republi
can success so certain that his vote .will not be needed.
Every vote will be needed. Not one should be lack
ing from the mighty majorities in the State and the
J nation which w"iH not only re-elect McKinley but will
! crush and discredit Bryanism forever.
Vote to-day as an evidence of your. patriotic regard
I for the welfare of the people and the honor of the'Ve-
Bear in mind to-day that demagogy cannot perform
the duties of statecraft, much' talking cannot supply
the place, of brains; nor Bryanisrri fulfill in American
•life the requirements of patriotism.
This shooting costume Is made of khaki
covert coat cloth. The corsage Is com
posed of a waistcoat of chamois colored
cloth, -with gold buttons, and over It is a
bolero of the cloth. The skirt has a nar
row apron, and Is trimmed with a shaped
flounce. The hat is of soft mauve feh,
trimmed with gauze . and an eagle's
feather. .
SHOOTING COSTUME
A vote for a dishonest politician is a vote for dis
honest politics;- it is a vote against the welfare of
California and the honor of the party the. base can
didate assumes to represent. There can be no justi
fication for voting for such a candidate. Let every
one of them be defeated.
The canvass has been finished, the campaign is
closed. There is no use going over again the old
truths that have been emphasized by The Call again
and again during the contest. The voters of each
district who are sufficiently intelligent to study the
issues of a campaign and the characteristics of oppos
ing candidates ane well aware of their duties this
morning. They know well what.candidates have evil
reputations resulting from official scandals in the past
and ominous scandals to come should those candi
dates regain office. The voters also know what can
didates are honest men, having' the support of good
men, and who in office will be backed by the better
elements of the community, and will be stanch advo
cates of all measures for the public good. All, there
fore, that is necessary at this time is to recall those
facts to mind and to impress upon every voter the
importance of his individual responsibility in the elec
tion.
<T~) EAR in mind to-day that the welfare of Califor-
K\ nia in the elections is dependent not only upon
*—*. the success of the Republican. party in national
politics, but upon the election of honest men to the
Legislature. Not a single "crooked politician"
should be elected to any office no matter upon which
ticket he be nominated. Each voter should go to
the polls resolved to stand for honest politics in State
and nation alike.
CALIFORNIA'S WELFARE.
Let us have upon the Superior bench Judges in
whose courts there will be no scandals, whose deci
sions will be so firmly founded in law that the Su
preme Court will not have to overrule them and thus
impose new trials and increased costs upon litigants.
Vote for the candidates we have named and protect
the rights of all.
Those are the rules every good citizen must folloy:
to-day in voting for candidates for the Superior
Court. The Call pracrices what it preaches. It is a
stanch and stalwart Republican paper, upholding the
nationaJ ticket and all the great principles and wise
policies of the party; but in advocating certain can
didates for the bench it set aside all thought of parti
sanship. It has recommended during the campaign
the election of James V. Coffey, William R. Dainger
field, William P. Lawlor and M. C Sloss for full
terms aftid Frank H. Kerrigan for the uneacpired term.
That recommendation it renews this morning.
UPON the character and the learning of the
Judges of our courts the personal and property
rights of all citizens are dependent Even
those who never in their lives have had any litigation
in the courts are none the less indebted to the
Judges, for were not the laws fairly enforced every
one would soon be subject to the encroachments of
the unscrupulous. In the election of candidates for
the Superior bench the citizen should therefore ex
ercise the highest faculties of his nature. Desiring
honest Judges, he must be honest in determining:
for whom to vote; desiring men of intelligence, he
must himself be intelligent in making choice of the
many contestants; desiring impartial courts, he must
free his own mind from partisanship when voting for
those who arc to preside over the courts.
THE SUPERIOR BENCH.
California loses money when she taxes her own
bonds and those of her municipalities and counties,
for taxation drives such bonds out of the State, ami
the annual interest payments have to be sent out ot
the State also; therefore vote for "Amendment No.
4, being Senate constitutional amendment 14, ex
empting such bonds from taxation." Let us keep our
bonds for home investment and save the interest
money we now pay to outsiders.
In making up a ticket of his own from the candi
dates of the different parties the voter must be care
ful not to vote for one too many." Should he do ?o
all his votes for candidates for that office will be
thrown out. Make no mistake. .Let us have no votes
lost to-day on account of errors in the balloting.
VOTERS who are in doubt how many candidates
they are entitled to vote for for a particular office
should post themselves before entering the poll
ing booth, for there is no information or instruction
given upon that subject by the official ballot. The
lesson is not difficult. Let each voter bear in mind
that he is entitled to vote for the following:
Nine candidates for Presidential and Vice Presi
dential Electors.
Four Judges of the Superior Court for the fall
term. '..... * , - .
One Judge of the Superior Court (unexpired
term). ¦
Five Justices of the Peace-
One Representative in Congress.
One State Senator (in districts where Senators are
to be elected).
One member of the Assembly.
HOW MANY TO VOTE FOR.
Vote for "Amendment No. 7, being Senate consti
tutional amendment No. 15," and thus authorize San
Francisco and Vallejo to pay their just debts. Hon
esty wrongs no man.
Sear in mind that California should have in Con
press a solid delegation in favor of sound money,
protection and progress. Vote for Kahn in the
Fourth District; vote for Loud in the Fifth. Let
California be worthily represented at Washington.
There is no need in California for three courts of
appeal in addition to the Supreme Court, so unless
you are in favor of creating new offices for tax
eaters at the expense of taxpayers vote against
"Amendment No. 8, being Senate constitutional
amendment No. 22, relative to the judiciary and es'
tablishing courts of appeal."
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS
CALIFORNIA^ IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Nov. 5.— D. 8. Richard
son of San Francisco Is at the Raleigh.
Mrs. M. E. Carleton. a member of West
End Lodge, who for nearly two years was
the business manager of the Chronicle
published at Indianapolis, resigned tha;
position and the same went Into effert
on the 1st of the current month. The
propagation committee, in reluctantly ac
cepting Mrs. Carleton's resignation.
adopted a series of exeeedlnglv com
mendatory resolutions, rerogriizlnjr th^
lady's zeal and work for the order, also
that of her late husband. S. B. Carleton
Mrs. Carleton will return to this city.
The official visit to Martha Lodge last
Tuesday was the largest attended of the
official visitation meetings of this term.
All the grand officers residing In this city
were present and addressed the meeting,
and there was a remarkable amount of
enthusiasm displayed by the members
and large number of visitors who were In
at'endance.
Knights and Ladles of Honor.
Jr*hT. ralconfr. prmanirnt Mcrttuy ot
the Ancient Order of Foresters, and Mrs.
M. E. Falconer, supreme chief companion
of the Companions of the Korest. received
a pleasant surprise on laat "Wednesday
evening in the Foresters' building. Amons
those who surprised the couple were: Mr.
and Mrs. 'M. Boehm. Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Roberts. Mr. and Mrs. C. K. Orton. Mr.
and Mrs. Graves, Mr. and Mrs. William
H. Tuvlor, Mrs. Larzalere. Mrs. G. Gier.
Mis*""* J. Larzalere. Miss Dalsle Larzalere,
Miss Daisle E. Falconer. Mrs. Assman.
Mr3. A. M. Phillips. Mrs. A. Fernandez,
Mrs. F. N. Morrow. Mrs. E. J. Lough.
Miss Florence Lough. Mrs. Minnie Asher.
Mrs. K J. Woods. Mrs. Cramer, Miss May
Falconer, Mrs. R. Lee. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Mapner. William M. Grier, George W,
Paterson, W. Murray. George J. Monck.
William G. Sass. William J. Trengrove. H.
Hohhs. Georffe W. Corwln. Harry Anirel,
L. Hunter. C. Hunter. A. C. WUkins. Miss
L. Majrner. Leo Manner. J. Falconer Jr.
and William Falconer. Games, recitations
and sonss were indulged in during the
evening, and later all repaired to the ban
quet hall, where a collation was partaken
of. all of which was provided by the vis
itors. Dancing followed.
The Secretary Surprised.
The public edifice* at Washington comtnanl
the admiration of the world. The Capitol.
Executive Mansion. Department of State. Navy
and WAV Departments. United States Treasury
and Patent Office and Department of Agricul
ture teem with Instructive Interest. The bo
tanical garden. Smithsonian Institute and
Museum. United States Navy Yard. Marina
Barracks, United States Arsenal and numerous
attractive squares ailord ample scope for tight
seeing. Men prominent In the affairs of the
nation are dally met on the heauttful streets
of Wa*htn(rton. or In the various departments
of the Federal Government. N'owhere In th»
world Is there opportunity for seeing mo many
men of mark whote names are familiar to
newspaper readers a* at the national capita!.
¦V\> are told that the prtvtl^ge of passing ten
days at Washington is offered all travelers to
Philadelphia and New York orer the Fw*"**
vanla lints at the same fares at which tickets
are sold over the direct lln« of the Pennsyl
vania system. The detour fia VTa»hinjt»pn
forms a dellfthtful diversion op a. trip to the
Enst and a* It doe* not cost any more, an ex
eellent opportunity is afforded for taJtlnjj In the
slrht* at the national capital. Full Informa
tionon the subject will be furnished In re
,pon.w to Inquiries addressed (o A. S. X Holt.
Pacific Coa»t AKent, 30 Montgomery st.. 8an
Frandscoj Cal.
Er»ry patriotic American at some time or
other ts anxtoun to visit Washington and en
joy the sights to b« »»en at the national rapi
ta!. Fome persons may consider it a duty to
make the trip and be able to >ay that they
l.a ve stood beneath the dome of th« nation's
Capitol ard visited th« rartous department* of
a Government which Is to-<Jay foremost la pro
gress and enlightenment.
National Capital.
Good Chance to See the Sights at the
VISIT WASHINGTON.
THE NAVAL ACADEMY— A. A.. Santa
Barbara, Cal. To enter the naval acad
emy at Annapolis make application to the
Congressman of the district in which you
reside. The coursa of naval cadets is six
years, the last two of which are Bpent at
sea. Candidates at the time of their ex
amination for admission must be not
under 15 nor over 20 years of age and
physically sound, well formed, and of ro
bust condition. They enter the academy
immediately after passing the prescribed
examinations, and are required to sl»n
articles binding themselves to serve in the
United States navy eight years (Including
the time of probation at the naval acad
emy), unless sooner discharged. The pay
of a naval cadet is $300 a year., beglnninlr
at the date of admission. At theflSS «f
the third year the new first class Tfs »na?
ated into two divisions, namely th"^fn«
division and the- engineer division he
numbers of these divisions being propor
tioned to the vacancies that have occurred
in the several corps during the preceding
year. At the end of the six years' course
appointments to nil vacancies in, the line
and n the marine corps are made from
the, line division, and to fill vacancies In
the engineer corps from the engineer di
vision* : ¦ ¦¦
CIRCUS— L. B., City. This correspond
ent asks: "Why Is It that a circus can
not stay In a city or town less than live
days nor more than ten days?" The an
swer Is that a circus is a traveling show
and arranges Its dates before starting out
on a. circuit. Its expenses are bo great
that it would not pay to remain in a large
city less than five days, and why it does
not remain more than ten days is that It
must move to keep up future dates, and
the further reason that in ten days almost
every person who wants to see the circus
has seen it.
DEAF AND DUMB— K. S.. Carters. CaL
There is no law to prevent any person
from a foreign country coming to the
United States to live because that per
son happens to be deaf and dumb, but
there is a law that prevents the landing
of persons who are paupers and are liable
to become a charge upon the community
io which they seek a home. If a person
1b deaf and dumb but is not a pauper and
not liable to become a charge upon the
community, such person haa a perfect
right to land on American territory.
BOOKS ON BJIAZIL— J. C. S.. Oakland.
Cal. The following is a list of books that
have been published on Brazil and life In
that country: "Journey in Brazil," by
Agasslz; "Conditions and Prospects of
Brazil," Andrews; "Bureau of American
Republics"; "Life in Brazil," by Ewbank;
"Brazil, the Amazon and the Coast," by
±i. H. Smith.
CRUISERS AND BATTLE SHIPS— T.
K.. City. The highest contract price paid
by the United States for an armored
cruiser Is J2.0S6.0OO; for armored cruisers
the contract has been Jl. 100,000 to $2,750,000
and for battleships the prices varied. The
cost of the Oregon was $3,9x.',S10 and that
of the Wisconsin $2,674,9:10.
CASINO— B. A. M.. City. If a man
plays casino and takes a Jack, four spot
and ace with little casino it Is an evidence
that he needs instruction. The only way
to "rectify such a mistake" In to debar
the player from profiting from his own
delinquency, that Is, rule him out of the
game.
WOMAN LYNCHED— Subscriber. Oak
land, Cal. A woman was lynched In Cali
fornia in the early days. Her name was
Inez. Pari. The lynching took place at
Downieville, and the crime charged
against her was robbing: and then mur
dering a man In her husband's saloon.
That was In 1S51.
MAIL FOR MANILA — Subscriber.
Woodbridge. Cal. Mall for Manila. P. I..
leaves by every steamer that sails for
Hongknnp, China. From there it is trans
ferred for Manila. The time from San
Francisco to Manila Is from 2S to 30 days.
GIUSEPPE VF.RDI-Chlchy. San Ma
teo, Cal. Giuseppe Verdi, the noted com
poser of opera, was born October 9. 1S13,
at Rancoln, Durhy of Parma. Italy. He
is still living, and celebrated the anniver
sary of his birth not lone since.
MAPS— M. T., Corningr. Cal. Any first
class book store can procure for you a
map of any county of the State of Cali
fornia. This department cannot advertise
the names of dealers of such.
" PENSION— K. S.. Carters. Cal. For In
formation In relation to pensions write to
the Commissioner of , Pensions, Pension
building, Judiciary square, Washington.
D..C.
WATER RIGHTS— A. R. Leaburgr. Or.
For information about water rights in a
mining district apply to -or communicate
with the nearest United States Land
Offlee.
ANSWERS TO. CORRESPONDENTS.
Francisco — S. Anspacher is Pt the "Holland,
A. B. Bowers is at the Imperial, B. A.
Brown is at the Astor, F. B. Carter is at
the St. Denis, W. J. Casey is at the Hol
land, E. C. Daily Is at the Grand Union,
J. Frankel is at the Broadway Central,
Mrs. J. Franklin is at the Savoy, A. J.
Hartford is at the Marlborough.! D. Kline
is at the Holland, Mrs. II. N. I>und Is at
the Grand Union, A. Rose and wfefe are at
the Holland, J. Saunders is at tlie Herald
Square, T.. Schussler and wife /are at the
Manhattan, the Misses Spreckeli; and Mrs.
J. D. Spreckels are at the Holl/and, Miss
T. Swinstone Is at the. Imperial, F. Van
thim is at the Grand Union, J. C. Zeller
bach and wife are at the Imperial.
From Los Anpeles — J. T. Twemer and
Mrs. W. M. Fuesner are at the 'Park Ave
nue. W. C. Richards Is at the Astor.
From Oakland— W. Olney is tit the Vic
toria, J. F. Waterhouse is at the Grand
Union.
From San DitKO— G. J. Blrkee is at the
Holland.
CALIFORNTANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— The following Cal
ifornians are in New/ York: From San
With Mr. Bryan's party in the control of the Fed
eral Government there will be a progressive process
of equalizing Southern and Northern wages by low
ering the Northern to the level of the Southern scale.
This is the real peril of labor in this country. There
is none in the Chinese issue, which is settled for all
time.
The Southern convict law rents convicts to farmers,
miners and manufacturers, and that form of compul
sory labor is an inducement to put as many negroea
es possible in stripes that their servile toil may be
used again under the lash for the benefit of the South
ern employer. Soon this convict and cheap labor
competition is going to be felt, and the Northern la
borer will have an object lesson furnished by the
States which are now solid for Mr. Bryan. Southern
labor is deprived of the ballot The negro working
man is not allowed to. vote. The franchise, that right
preservative of all rights, is taken away from him.
He cannot protect his wages nor his scale of living at
the ballot-box. He is not permitted to organize a
labor union, and, if he were, it would be powerless to
protect him without the ballot. Northern labor will
by and by find it necessary to unionize Southern la
bor, and where its agents go among Mr. Bryan's
friends for that purpose they will be met with the
seme shotgun that has kept the negro away from the
polls.
The real peril to all American labor is in the condi
tion of labor in the South, in the States which will
give their electoral votes to Mr. Bryan. The labor
there is performed by the negroes. It is cheaper thau
any labor in Europe. The aim of Southern employers
has been to keep wages down to what formerly repre
sented the cost of feeding and clothing their slaves.
Farm labor in Mississippi gets $6 a month, As long
as this cheap labor produced only the agricultural
staples of the South the North did not feel its compe
tition in the final market. It produced cotton, sugar,
tobacco and rice, products non-competitive with
Northern products, except in the case of sugar, of
which the Southern cutput is small and was not felt
by the beet sugar product of the North. Now, how
ever, conditions have changed. This cheap labor of
the South is every year more largely employed in
mining and manufacturing, and its product competes
with ours in the final market
THE Chinese issue is false and artificial. Exclu
sion is the permanent policy of this Government
and of all parties. The statute of exclusion will
be renewed at the end of its tenure.
LABOR'S REAL PER.L.
Tommy — Had some words with the
teacher and she kept me in after school.
"You had words with the teacher?"
"Yes. mother, I couldn't spell "em."—
Tld Bits.
Mother— Tommy, what makes, you eo
late?
Rev. Dr. Spookle— But. dear madam,
why should you shrink from knowing
Thimmlns? In the courts above we shall
all be eaual.
Mrs. DeBlatch— I suppose it will have
to come to that, doctor; but In the mean
time I want to keep myself respectable. —
L,ife.
"I can always tell when George's liver
is out of order," remarked Mrs. Ferguson.
"Is he cross and irritable ' at such
times?" askpd the next-door neighbor.
"No. He is gloomy. He has spells of
thinking Bryan Is going to be elected." —
Chicago Tribune.
"Don't you want a transfer?" asked the
conductor. "What for," asked the man
with the alligator bag. "So that you can
take another car." "No, sir. I have
waited twenty minutes for this one, and
I propose to hang on to it."— Washington
Star.
He — Isn't his singing something awful?
She — Don't be too hard on the poor fel
low; he's probably doing his best.
He— Oh. In that case it's all right. I
was afraid he was doing his worst. — Chi
cago News.
"Papa." said' Benny Bloobumper. with
a rising inflection in his voice.
"I am busy now," replied Mr. Bloo
bumper. "1 can't answer questions to
day."
••But, papa."
"What Is it?"
"The people that favor sound money are
called goldbugs, aren't they?"
"Yes."
"And are silver people sliver bugs?"
"I suppose so."
"And are Prohibitionists water bugs?"
"Benny, go right in and tell your mother
that she wants you." — Harper's Bazar.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
W. II. Snedaker, general agent of the
Illinois Central in this city, has returned
from Portland, where he went to meet
S. G. Hatch, assistant general passenger
agent of the Illinois Central in Chicago.
Mr. Hatch will spend several days here.
Charles Kennedy, assistant general
passenger and ticket agent of the Chi
cago & Rock Island Railroad. Is in town.
A. D. Charlton, assistant general pes-
Benger and ticket agent of the Northern
Pacific ' at Portland, is at the Occidental.
Julius Kruttschnitt, general manager
of the Southern Pacific, has gone to
Ogden on a tour of inspection.
Mrs. Peter E. Studebaker of South
Bend, Ind., has taken apartments at the
Pala'ce for a few days.
H. T. Hatfleld, a Sacramento lawyer,
is at the Lick.
H. Bratnober, a prominent mining man,
Is at the Palace.
*R. L. Peeler, assistant adjutant gen
eral, is at the California.
D. T. Honeyman, a Portland capitalist.
Is stopping at the California.
Albert Bettens, manager of the Byron
Springs Hotel, is at the Palace.
O. R. Morris, who has large mining In
terests in None, Is at the Grand.
J. B. Illgglns, a Harrison Gulch mining
man, is registered at the Grand.
E. A. McFarland, a lawyer at Guay
mas, Mexico, is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Republican party has nominated strong men in
evecy district in the State. Many of them have al
ready served in Congress and have now acquired the
experience which will enable them to be of more
efficient help than ever to the interests of their con
stituents. Each and all of these candidates' should be
elected. California should send to Congress a dele
gation standing as a unit for prosperity and progress.
Let every district do its share toward swelling the
Republican majority in the House. Let us make a.
clean sweep.
There is no district in California that can hope to
profit anything by the election of a Bryanite Repre
sentative. Such a man could be of no service to his
constituents. At best he could be nothing more than
a negative quantity in the House, while if he entered
actively upon Bryanite* tactics he would be an oppo
nent of progress and. an antagonist of Californian as
well as national interests, and would injure his con
stituents more than he could help them.
In all considerations of this phase of the contest it
must be borne in mind that the Democrats have vir
tually abandoned the fight for the Presidency and are
now directing all their efforts to obtain control of the
House. In many districts they have nominated the
strongest man they could find who would consent to
make the contest under Bryan's standard. That
means, of course, that in every Congressional district
Republicans must continue an active, aggressive cam
paign until the polls close.
The figures given nre the "bedrock" estimates. In
explaining them Mr. Babcock stated: "During the
past thirty days there has been a marked change in
the conditions, more so than in any campaign with
which I have ever been connected since 1894. The re
ports coming in from all sections of the country agree,
and without a single exception show large Republi
can gains. If this continues until election day as it
has during the past two weeks no one is wise enough
to say what the Republican majority may reach. It
will certainly exceed my figures, which I consider safe
and conservative. There are many districts that were
not considered debatable on the first day of Septem
ber where our chances to win are now more than
even, and if the Republican organizations throughout
the country continue the active, aggressive campaign
that they have made since the middle of September
there is no reason why the majority in 1900 should
not nearly approach that given in 1896."
Chairman Babcock of the Republican Congressional
Committee has recently announced that from a care
ful survey of the whole field,' with full reports from
every doubtful district before him, he is sure there
will be at least 197 Republican members in the next
House. As there will be required 179 to organize the
House, that will give the Republicans a working ma
jority of 18. That much of success is now estimated
to be certain, and nothing but an improbable negli
gence on the part of Republican voters can disap
point the expectation.
DURING the whole course of this campaign Re
publican leaders have been doubtful of the
outcome of the elections for members of the
House of Representatives. No attempt has been
made to conceal the clanger in that quarter; there
have been no claims of sure success, but, on the con
trary, there has been a persistent warning uttered
over and over again by Senator Hanna and other3
to Republicans not to be overconfident in any dis
trict, but to make the fight with vigor from start to
finish. That being so, it is gratifying to note that
late reports from the whole country have given good
grounds for expecting a Republican majority in the
House. It is now asserted that victory there as well
as in the fight for the Presidency is well assured.
CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS.
Until we have a primary law we will never be able
to break the power of the ward bosses and their
gangs. Therefore every man who believes in hon
est politics should vote for "Amendment No. 5,
being Senate constitutional amendment No. 4, con
cerning primary elections." Make sure of the amend
ment and beat the bosses.
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 6, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
k*tBLICATlO> OFFICK.. . Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Pre«» 201.
EDITORIAL ROOM!. . . . .SlT to S21 Ste-ren««»ii St.
Telephone Prf»» SO2.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mnitle Copte*. 5 Cent*.
Term* »»r 31*11. Including Pontaicet
DAILY CALL. (Including punday), one yeer I8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months - LOT
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). I months l.M
CA1LT CALL— By Single Month SSe
fcL T XX>AT CALL. One Yrtr 1-60
UggKXiT CALL. One Tear 1-"
All poitmaitrrn are nnth.orif.ed to receive
subscriptions.
£ajnp!« coptea will be forwarded *.-fcen requested.
Wall pubccrlbors In ordering chanir* of «dflre«i« should fre
particular to rKe both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to. injure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
one of the greatest calamities that could
befall this nation. Bryan's Idea expressed
In speeches made throughout the country
are so out of touch with the hustling, pro
gressive American Idea that to support
him is, In my judgment, little better than
a crime. .
Admitting for argument's sake that the
Bryan Idea of the free coinage or tnt
v.-orld"s prodnct of silver was right In !»£>•
it has been made a subordinate and side
issue in 1900, and cuts no .figure in this
campaign. . _
I have no hesitancy in saying that I
shall give President McKlnley my warm
est support, believing that he has marked
out the only safe and honorable course
for this nation to pursue.
I regard the retention of the Philippines
as of more commercial value to the Pa
cific Coast than anything else that could
possibly happen. Bryan la undoubtedly
responsible in a large measure for the
conditions In the Philippines through the
aid and comfort he has afforded the reb
els, and as 1 said before, I shall do vrhat
I can to assist in the election of McKin
ley. •
HON. JOHN D. GOODWIN OF PLUMAS
WITHDRAWS SUPPORT FROM BRYAN
e *
Has Voted^Democratic Ticket for Half a Cen
tury, but Now Working for McKinley's
Re-election.
HON. JOHN D. GOODWIN, the
leading Democrat of Plumas
County, has come out for Mc-
Kinley. He has declared his
position in the following state
ment:
I have been a Democrat for fifty years:
never voted anything but the Democratic
ticket. Four years ago I stumped, Plumas
County for Bryan and made several Bry
an speeches In the State at- large. I am
still a Democrat, but a'Jeffersonlan Dem
ocrat. I am supporting McKlnley this
year. The immense output of gold has
made money more plentiful than ever be
fore. I cannot indorse antl-expanslon. All
parties united supported the war with
Spain. The results of it are In line with
Democratic principles. I have always
been an advocate of expansion as one of
the great tendencies of the party, and
that being the' paramount issue I could
not do otherwise than support McKinley.
I should regard the election of Bryan as
It cannot be possible that any patriotic American
can see any benefit to his country in the destruction
of these domestic interests and the degradation of the
nation that would follow the election of Bryan.
Therefore, before you vote for Mr. Bryan make up
your mind that it will be a good thing to surrender
the market we have conquered or hold it by reducing
the wages of labor.
If Mr. Bryan is elected to carry out his threat to
destroy the* gold standard, capital will no longer work
cheap, and if we hold the world's market, which we
have conquered by cheap production, it can be done
only by reducing the wages of labor.
We have had the most rapid rise in foreign trade
the world has ever seen. We have distanced all rivals.
We have the best and the cheapest production on th^
planet. Therefore we undersell the other nations and
are the primate of the trade of the globe. This
economy in production has been secured not by
cheapening labor, but by cheapening capital. Labor
and capital are the two partners in production. To
undersell the world and hold its trade one must work
cheaper here than anywhere else. Under the gold
standard capital is working cheaper here than else
where, and we have the cheapest production without
reducing the wages of labor.
The gold standard law has made us the world's
commercial clearing-house. Commercial balances are
settled in New York instead of London. We keep
the profits of the world's exchange. If Bryan is
elected to carry out his threat this proud and profitable
position will be sacrificed. Will that benefit any one?
Don't vote for Bryan unless you can convince your
self that commercial clearings should be sent back to
London.
Let none be deceived into believing that our excel
lent industrial and commercial condition could con
tinue under the Nebraska man's policies. The para
mount question is not external, but internal.. The
Philippine complication cannot be settled by Mr.
Bryan. The people are not yet ripe for its final ad
justment They have not grasped its extent nor its
significance, and they will not risk everything at stake
at home by assuming that though Bryan is wrong on
every domestic policy he is right on one issue of ex
ternal policy. In statesmanship it is always safe to as
siime that a man who is fatally and vitally wrong on a
majority of public issues cannot usefully settle the mi
nority of such issues.
Bryan's 'defeat four years ago resulted in', the es
tablishment of the gold standard. The adoption ' of
that standard has reduced interest on .our. public debt
to 2 "per cent per annum and our 2 per cent bonds arc
st a premium of 4V2. This means that we have the
best public credit ever enjoyed by any nation. Mr.
Bryan says the gold standard will be destroyed as
soon as he gets the power to destroy it. Before voting
for him let every man remember that destruction, of
the gold standard means higher interest on the pub
lic debt, and an injury to the public credit. It means
an assault on the national pride and the private purse
of. every taxpayer who pays the interest on the pub
lic debt. Will either be a benefit to the country and
the people? If they will inflict harm, don't vote for
Mr. Bryan. The gold standard has made us the
keeper of the world's capital. We are no longer a
debtor nation. We ?re not borrowing money from
the rest of the world and paying interest, but are
lending money to the other nations and receiving in
terest. Among the commands of Moses to the chil
dren of Israel was this profound financial and eco
nomic statement, "Owe no man anything, but lend
to all nations." While commercial depressions come
under all systems, they are less prolonged and dis
tressing to the people of a nation that is a creditor
and not a debtor. If we maintain our present posi
t-on as a creditor, with no public or private securities
held abroad to be sent home in a panic for liquida
tion, we have the surest guarantee" against prolonged
hard times. Mr. Bryan's election, giving him the
power to execute his threat to destroy the gold stan
dard, will destroy the basis upon which we are now
the world's creditor instead of its debtor. We will
undergo a rapid and distressing transformation, and
will part with our surest protection against panic.
WHAT BRYANISM WOULD MEAN
T~2 EFORE citizens vote to-day they should se
[\ riously' reflect upon what four years of Bryan
— ism would mean to the country.
FLORIDA TIMES-UNION— It la not
necessary that the South seek vindication
for her hero by placing him beyond the
rampart of hi3 stainless private life: she
Is equally proud of his public career and
of all his official course. There is no
change that would not be for the wors»;
while his generalship may have been at
fault for the lops of Gettysburg, even that
brought out the matchless answer to the
tearful cry of Pickett: "My division has
been annihilated." "It was my fault." said
Lee. Let all America thank God that Lee
was given to show mankind the soil that
produced Washington had not become less
fruitful: let mankind take heart to know
that such men are possible.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE DEMOCBAT-rTh«
physical strain of campaigning shortened
the days of Douglas, Greely and Blaine.
although not one of those- candidates
made a quarter of the number of speeches
which Bryan made In 1396. or which he
has delivered this year. There are reports
that he is really running for the Senator
ship, and not for the Presidency at all.
This would account for his persistence
in maintaining a contest which he and
every other sane Bryanite In the United
States knows Is going overwhelmingly
against him.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT— The long life
of Sims Reeves' voice has been accounted
for in two ways: First, by his perfection
of tone production; next, by the extraor
dinary care he took of himself. After he
had nrmly established his reputation he
obstinately refused to sing unless in abso
lutely good condition. So pertinaclou3
was his refusal that his "physician's ce-
tlttcate" came In time to be a standing
Joke with the English public; In his later
years it was even considered a piece o.*
unusual good luck If he appeared when
announced.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERICAN
— U has been an exceptional campaign in
the absence of excitement and turmoil,
but only seemingly an apathetic political
contest. The result was foreseen before
the nominations were made, and beneath
the surface apathy of the voters the con
servatism of the country has been flow
ins in a deep, strong 1 current that is cer
tain to carry the .Republican candidates
to victory and Insure four years more of
the policies tha: have been advantageous
to all the business Interests of the coun
try.
NEAV YORK TRIBUNE— Imagine Abra
ham Lincoln coming to New York In 1S<5O
and refusing to discuss the slavery ques
tion, which had brought him before th«»
country just as the silver question
brought Mr. Bryan before the country,
simply because New York was a com
munity where the Douglas? view of slav
ery was more popular than his own! Y«t
this trimmer e*d pettifogger poses as a
new Lincoln, ltmplred with a great and
heroic moral purpose:
BANGOR NEWS— Readers vmo nate
carefully followed Mr. Bryan's addresses
In this and the previous national cam
paign have noticed his irresistible ten
dency to stir up class hatred. If possible,
to create unnatural and unpatriotic dis
sensions and to persuade thoughtless vot
ers that his destructive policies of repu
diation and naliona* dishonor will help
"the masses."
BOSTON JOURNAL-The first McKtn
ley administration has re-established tne
protective tariff and made the gold stand
ard the law of the land. The second Mc-
Kinley administration is destined to earn
still further the gratitude of the nation
by breaking the yoke of the cheap wage.
subsidized, foreiscn ship monopoly and Klv
lng American ships and American sailors
a chance to carry American commerce
over all the broad seas of the world.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
. ' Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
Don't be a shirker of political duty. Don't be neg
ligent of the privilege of sharing in the election of
Legislators, Judges, Congressmen and Presidential
Electors. Don't give all your time to private busir
ness or to private pleasure. Above all things else to
day remember that you are an American citizen and
that your citizenship calls you to the polls. Vote
early and vote right.
public; vote as a manifestation of your public spirit,
your consciousness of civic duty and your sense of the
responsibilities which a free Government imposes
upon free men. .--.... .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
Lincoln Relief Corps.
Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3, auxiliary to
G.'A. R., will give an entertainment and
dance at B'ne B'rith Hall on Friday even-
Ing next for the benefit of Its relief fund.
The members of this corps -hop* the oub
llc will aid the old soldiera. An excellent
programme has been -arranged and -fine
dance music promised.
So far as citizenship is concerned, the voter who
stays at home to-day because of apathy might as well
be'a'clara on a mudbank. . / , !
Bear in mind, Bryan has said: "J do not
want any man to vote for me and then object
to my doing what I expect to do if you elect me,'
and if I can prevent the maintenance of the goli
standard you can rely on my doing it the very first
possible opportunity given me."
6
In England during the pas* few years.
It Is claimed, 140X0 farm laborers have
been displaced by machinery, while the
making of the latter, it 13 asserted, re-
qulrd only the labor of 4^00 men for tno
year.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. *
CaL glace fruit 50c per Tb at Townsend'j. 1
Dr. Sanford's I.l»er Invigorate*.
Tb« belt Uver medicine. A vegetable cur* for
liver Ilia, biliousness, Indigestion, conaMpatloa.'
AtiKoatunt Bitters art a South American
product: DR. SIEGERTS the only itennlne.
Beware of the poisonous domestic substitute anj
Imitation.
AMTTfvKTVTTITtfTS.
Tlvoli— "C*rns«n."
AJhunibra— -'Kinp of th« Opium Rlor."
California — "Whose Baby Are Toil"
Ori?lif urn— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "A Divorce Colony."
Grand opera-houF*— Maurice Grau Opera Company, Moa-
Say <n lillf November 12.
Alcazar — '"L.ost Paradise."
("i-luaibia— "Oliver Goldsmith."
Olyir.r>la. corner Maaon and Edfly •treets— Speclaltres.
Chuies, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever:ir-«.
necher-p— Vaudeville.
Sherman-Clay Ha!l-Plano Recital next Thursday afternoon.
Sutro HathF— Open nlchts.
Oakland Rac« Track— Rare*.Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey: ,
Flow of Rivers.
'NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the.
day in the order of occurrence as to tlma of
day. the third time column .the third tide and
tire last or right hand column gives the last
tide 'of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
elven are in addition to tbe soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes .he. height, and
then the number given is sub'.«-acted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane, of refer
ence Is the me»n of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 8:4!>
Sun sets .• 5 :0«
Moon sets (full) .....«:14 a. m.
Sun, Moon and Tide. {
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey— I
Times and . Heights of High and Low [
\Yater3 at Fort Point, ntrance to San 1
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. |
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
hflrht of tide Is the same at both places.>
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALH.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Thn cases of Thomas Corbitt and John
Phillips, charged with" violating the ordi
nance against. Roolselllng. were called in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday and were
at the request of Attorney Coffey. the spe
cial prosecutor, continued for two weeks,
the same as the cases Jn Judges Conlan's
and Cabaniss' courts Saturday. By that
Poolmen's Cases Continued.
the Southern Pacific Hospital yesterday
from injuries received In a railway acci
dent at Ripon, Stanislaus County. A re
pairing flatcar on which were standing
Eagles and two other section men went
over a trestle at that place on November
1. and after falling fifteen feet went over
an embankment, severely injuring the
men. They were taken to the railroad
hospital In this city. The two other men
will recover.
Judge Cook decided yesterday that the
proper custodian of a child eleven months
old, whether legitimate or illegitimate,
was its mother. Matthew Madigan. the
father of a child, obtained a writ of
habeas corpus to secure its possession
from Mattie Smith, its mother, a girl IS
years of ape, on the gTOund that nhe was
ttot a fit and proper person to have Its*
custody. It appeared that Mhdtpan is to
be married and he wanted the child taken
from its mother because he was afraid
she might cause him trouble after his
marriage. The writ was dismissed. A
large number of ladles who were inter
ested in the case were in court and warm
ly congratulated the mother, a quiet,
modest looking girl.
Proper Custodian of a Child.
time the decision of the Superior Court on
the constitutionality of the ordinance will
in all probability have been rendered.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDOX.
R. W. Eagles, foreman bridge carpenter
of the Southern Pacific Company, died in
Victim of a Railroad "Accident.
Kellogg had been, told that his partner
was locked In the store and he Io6t no
time. In reaching the place, intending to
release him. As he was In the act, of
opening the door Collins, who was under
the influence of liquor, accosted him and
demanded to know his business. Then,
before Kellorg could reply. Collins struck
him on the head with a revolver. He
then grabbed his unfortunate victim and
told him that he was uiider arrest. After
walking his prisoner a short distance Col
lins again attacked Kellogg with his re
volver, beating him almost into lnsenst-
When the young man recovered Collins
was gone. Kellogg Immediately went in
search of a policeman, and meeting Of
ficer Sylvester told nim of the assault.
Sylvester took Kellojrg to police head
quarters, where he told his story to Cap
tain of Detectives Seymour. The latter
detailed Detectives Crockett and 'Whit
taker to arrest Collins and after a short
search they found him In a saloon on
Sacramento street. H« was placed under
arrest and locked up in the City Prison
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. ¦ ~ *
It in claimed that the assault on Kel
logg was witnessed by another special
policeman named Rawllnn, but for some
reason he refused ' to interfere. Rawllns
will be given a chance to explain his con
duct at the next meeting of the Police
Commissioner*. ; '
Collins at one time was a member of
the regular force, but. was dismissed for
accepting bribes' from the denizens of
-Morton street. It was claimed that the
women were in the habit of passing bribe
money to Collins, through the panel of
the door of a house where they congre
gated... After charges of corruption were
preferred against him the Police Commis
sioners ordered the door to be produced
at the trial t)f the accused, while the
door was being taken to police headquar
ters In an express wagon it mysterlously
disappeared. Suspecting that Collins pu».
up the Job to get away with the evidence
of his guilt the Commissioners promptly
dismissed him from the force.
"While about to enter his place of busi
ness at 304 Sacramento street last even
ing C. O. Kellogg, agent for the Brama
(Ceylon) Tea Company, was attacked by
Special Policeman Mat Collins and se
verely beaten with the butt end of a re
volver.
Special Policeman Collins
Brutally Assaults C.
. 0. Kellogg.
ATTACKS HIS
VICTIM WITH
A REVOLVER
Sadie A. Nelson filed suit yesterday for
a divorce from Frank A. Nelson. Cruelty
Is alleged as cause of action. Ellen Can
tet has sued Eugene Cantet for divorce,
alleging cruelty as cause of action.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mars Lodge No. 202, Knlphts of Pythias,
has had a ticker put In their lodperooma
at 909 Market street and will keep open
house to-nleht to enable the members and
their friends to ret the returns of the
election. During the evening refreshments
•will be served and a pleasing programme
rendered.
Pythian s Will Receive Raturns.
EASTERN PORTS.
BOSTON— Arrived Nov 3— Br ship Ellen A
Reed, from. Manila.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 27— Schr Golden
Shore, from Newcastle, Aus.
ASTORIA-Salled Nov S-Ger ship Sirius; Br
ships • Kilmory and Conway, for Queenstown:
bark Harry Morse, for San francisco; bktn
Araco, for Fremantle.
NEAH BAY— Pas?ed in Nov. 5— Stmr Wllla
mptte: utmr ProKreso, hence Nov 2, for Seattle;
etnir Roanoke. from Nome, for Seattle. Passed
out — Schr Wm Bowdgn, for Melbourne.
TOWNSEND— Passed up Nov »— Nor stmr
Kvarven, from St. Michael. Sailed— Br stmr
Palatlnla. for China: schr Ruth E Godfrey, for
Coquimbo.
VENTURA— Sailed Nov &— Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco. .
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov 5— Br ship Astra
nana, for Oregon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Nov 4— Schr Ho
noir>u, from Noumea.
COLON— Arrived Nov 2— Br stmr City of San
Antonio, from New York.
MOJI— Arrived Oct 28— Br stmr Inverness,
from Tecoma.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Oct 27— Ger stmr Isia.
for San Francisco.
KIAOCHAU— Sailed Nov 1— Ger ship Wil
kommen, for Orejon.
QI:EKNPTOWN— Sailed Nov 2— Br shio Rad
dowie. for Manchester; Nov 3 — Br shiD Eu-
I'hrosyne, for Fleet wood; Br ship Galgate, for
Fleetwood.
HAIPHONG— Arrived Nov &-Schr E K Wood.
from Port Gamble.
YOKOHAMA— .Sailed Nov 2— Br stmr Empress
of China, for Vancouver.
MELBOURNE— Sailed Nov 4— Br shlD Drum
mulr, for' San Francisco, via Newcastle,
N S W.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 4— Jan stmr
i America Maru, hence Oct 17.
UNION BAY— Sailed Nov 4— Ship America,
for San Francisco.
TAKU— Arrived Nov 3— Ger stmr Alesla.
hence Oct 3; Nov 5 — Ger stmr Nurnberg. hence
Oct 1.
KOBE— Passed Nov 2— Ger stmr Bosnia,
hence Oct 12, fcr Taku.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 5-Schr Viva.
UNION BAY— Arrived Nov 5— Br stmr Dan
ube, from Alaska.
OCEAN. STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nov J-Stmr Kai
ser Wilhelm der Grosse. from New York, via
Cherbourg, for Bremen.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
FISHERMAN'S BAY— Sailed Nov 6— Schr
Bender Bros, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 6— Jap stmr Kinshlu
Maru, for Yokohama.
UNA LASK A— Sailed Oct 29— Ship Hecla, for
Townsend.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Dirigo. from
Skaguay. Sailed— Stmr Farallon, for Skaguay.
Arrived Nov S— Stmr Chas Nelson, from Nome.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Nov 2— Stmr City of Pan
ama, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 2— 8tmr City of
Rio de> Janeiro, hence Oct 2.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 3— Schr Ch««
R Wilson, hence Oct 20; brig Harriet G, hence
Oct 19; schr Laura May. hence Oct 23: schr Hoy
Somcra, hence Oct 25; schr Lottie Carson, hence
Oct IS. Sailed Nov 4— Schr Iioneer, for San
Francisco; schr John F Millar, for Ventura;
schr Zamna. for San Francisco; schr Laura
Madsen. for San Pedro.
BOWEXS LANDING— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr
Navarro, hence Nov 4."
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Westport.
hence Nov 3.
TOWNS END— Passed in Nov 5— Stmr Chas
Nelson, for Nome, for Seattle. Arrived— Bktn
Portland, from San Pedro, for Hadlock. Sailed
—Schr Wm Rowden, from Port Gamble, for
Melbourne.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov K— Schr Monterey and
Repeat, for San Francisco; stmr Empire.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 4-Stmr W
H Kruger. hence Nov 1.
SAN PEDRO— Railed Oct 23— Schr Jennie
Stella, for Grays Harbor.
TOWNSEND— Sailed Nov 3— Schr Fred J
Wood, for Payta.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Nov 5— Schrs Louise
and Melancthon, for San Francisco.
EURAKA — Arrived Nov 6 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Nov 4. Sailed— StmrSanta Barbara, for
San Francisco.
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed Nov 4— Schr Ruth
E Godfrey, for Coquimbo.
IVERSENS LANDING— Sailed Nov 6— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT (S.)— Sailed Nov 6— Schr Excel-
Blor, for Port Blakeley.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VICTORIA. Nov 5— Br stmr Duka of Fife,
bound from Seattle, for , returned in leak
ing condition; will, it is understood, have to
unload.
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT LOBO8, Nov 6—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northwest, velocity 6 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Monday, Nov. 6.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Diego.
Stmr Hrunswlck, Andresen, Eureka.
fc'tmr Scotia, Walvisr, — • — .
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel. Fort Bragg.
Bktn Benlcla, Howes, Port Ludlow.
CLEARED.
Monday, Nov. B.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ship Kenilworth, Taylor, Quuenstown; Ep
plneer & Co.
Hr ship Laurlston, Latta, Queenstown; G W
MeNear.
Schr Aloha, Fry. Honolulu; Williams, EHmond
& Co.
Stmr Lakme, Echage, 43 hours from Re
dondo.
Wh stmr Alexander. Tllton, 18 days from Un
alaska.
Lightship No. 70, Turney, 9 hours from sea.
for reoalrs.
Wh bark California, Smith. 47 days from Ok
hotsk Sea.
Wh bark Andrew Hicks. Shorey, 26 days from
Okhotsk..
Schr Newark, Beck. 14 hours from Bowens
Landing;.
Schr Rosamond, Ward, 19 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jensen, 6 days from
Iversens Landing.
8?hr Mary C. Campbell, S hours from Fort
Ross.
Monday, Nov. 5.
Ftmr Matteawan, Croscup, 103 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Alliance, Hard wick. 11 days from Port
land, etc., via Eureka 24 hours.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolsoti, 74 hours from New
port (8.).
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett. S3 hours from
Ventura.
Shipping intelligence.
ARRIVED
BEACON' INO. S TOST LIGHT. COLUMBIA
V RIVER. '
Notice if) hereby Riven that the signal pile
beacon, crd-wned with a triangrular box painted
red, with Insure "3" in white on two sides,
from which a fixed red light is shown, close
to the ed**f of the sand bank on the east side
of the channel from Tonjrue Tolnt to Jim Crow
Point, which beacon was carried away on the
lath of October. 1900. and the light extinguished,
has been re-placed and the light re-established.
This notice affects the "List of Lisrht and
Fog Signals. Facinc Coast, 1900," page 24, No.
SI; also the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1900," page 54.
Bv order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. PAT,
Commander, U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Notice to Mariners.
The British ship I>aurlston cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 78.64S ct'.s
wheat valued at $78,650, and 25.000 feet lumber
dunnage -Valued at $250. Total value 178,900.
V » ¦
Wheat Shipment
The C. T. Hill loads lumber at Grays Har
bor for Mexico: the Gertrude, wheat at Port
land for i Europe: the Leicester Castle, same,
S7s 6d. f>rlor to arrival; the Roderick Dhu,
merchandise to Hilo; the Rosamond, same.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamer Samoa, which left here
September 26 for Taku, has not" yet ar
rived there and fears are entertained for
her safety. She carries horses for the
German army, and the Allsia. which left
here October 12. and the "Wurnburg, which
left here October 2 for the same port,
have already reached their destination.
The Samoa broke down when a few days
out and had to put back. She was over
hauled and sailed again and is now prob
ably in Taku.
The Tltanla is on the Hunters Point dry
dock receiving an overhauling. She had
a hard time of it on her last trip down the
coast. ¦'".;"«' *.
The Universe will be released by the
Government to-day and will resume her
running on the coast as a collier.
Water Front Notes.
Coasters and deep water ships will have
to keep tab on the spot where lightship
No. 70 used to be for a month to come.
The "old reliable" was brought Into port
yesterday for an overhauling and a gas
buoy painted red. with "Ldght Vessel's
Moorings" painted in black letters on it,
took its place. The gas buoy Is so con
structed that it will show a' white light at
night.
This is the best the Government can do
In the circumstances. There is no relief
lightship, and Just when most needed the
one on duty has to be removed for re
pairs, and then the fogs come down. At
the present time the lightship is away
from her station and every morning it is
"as thick as mush" on the bar.
In for an Overhauling.
Lightship No. 7O Has Been Brought
WARNING TO ALL VESSELS.
The Andrew Hicks did better than the
California. Betting nine bowheads and
bringing home fiCrfiO pounds of whalebone
and 4S0 barrels of oil. This alone repre
sents a catch of 523,000. so the Andrew
Hicks will not cost her owners any money
this spring.
The Alexander made a fairly good sea
son of it in the Arctic. Whales were not
as plentiful as last year, but still the ofll
cers and crew are satisfied. There were
no casualties.
The California Is 47 days from the sea
of Okhotsk and only brings in 279 barrels
of sperm oil. This will not pay expenses
and nearly the entire crew will be paid
off with a dollar, this sum representing
their pay for seven months.
came in from the Arctic. All
three vessels did fairly well, the Andrew
Hicks making a record catch for the
coast of Japan. •
Crew of the First Named
to Get But One Dollar
Each for Their Seven
Months' Work.
?
THREE whalers made port yes
terday. The California and An
drew Hicks got Jn from the Ok
hotsk Sea. while the Alexander
THREE MORE OF THE WHALING FLEET
ARRIVE HOME FROM NORTHERN WATERS
California and Andrew
Hicks From Okhotsk
Sea and the Alexander
From the Arctic.
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
TO SAIL.
THE "WHALING BARKS CALIFORNIA AND ANDREW HICKS WERE
OFF PORT ALL OF SUNDAY NIGHT. LIGHT WINDS AND A
STRONG EBB TIDE PREVENTED THEM COMING IN.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER S.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fascinating!
•i AtTO COATS.
-^^ajR, the new cut. In Hne
EJlvgtg* K«"rs^y«, with rich
vl/PcS ? ' !k linings, finest
tj«?5>3P' t:ii!nr finish; th"v ar-^
: <^£ ' In black and tans;
' WmjM ir§2T.5o
Y?r! THE NEW LOOSE
;~)l I I ' FITTING JACKET.
' I /' made of tJne Kersey;
/ lr-J\ t seam up back; all
\ll [I l : silk lined; stitched or
YfuH tf**^ 8t rapped; tans,
I 'J0T / ,tl blacks and reds:
\7r f JM ¦ worth J1S.W.
\ \ l 5.oo
\/ l.\ TAILOR MADE
, Y \\ CHEVIOT DRESSES
A ¦ )p with new cut Jacket.
%Tti»M i\\m TaCPta »ilk lined: has
M**^ the n-w style skirt;
/fSW^S**' «\ Mrt an.! blue*; a
joHK«3??-*«-'"?*a. «f»<» H*-tt Arrsn -
*&gmP& *K,l $1.3.5O
FINE ALI^ WOOL MAN TAIl^RED
BLOUSE DRKSSE?, velvet trimmed: new
style «klrt«: blacks and the new shades;
5ri5d-"... T .'! u ':...^!?!!r. $25.00
FURJ^KETS AND CAPES,
THE NEAR SEAL. FIR JACKETS, for
which we are agents, .are as elejant as
any sealskin and wear bettPr. Ixin't fail
Price.".. . t . h : m ;... a . u .. m . lx .?- 650.00
ELECTRIC SEAL. FUR CAPKS. with
real Persian lamb yok^s and collars;
finest aatln lined:
14 lnche, deep i"?-™*
18 Inches deep f-.>'M»
18 Inches deep *)-«.5O
Kelly aLiebes'
Cloak and Suit House,
120 KEARNY STREET.
NoMore Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late sci-
entific method applied to the iumi. No aleep-
produclng; aeent or cocaine.
These arc the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply <old
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set ct
teeth. $3; a perfect fit guaranteed or no pav.
Gold crowns. $3. Gold fllUnar". 11. Silver fill-
ings, 60c. All wo»k done by GRADUATE DEN-
1 TISTS of from 12 to 20 years" experience, and
each department In. charge of a specialist. Oiv«
in a call, nnd you will And us to do exactly aa
we advertise. We will tell you In advance ex-
actly what your work will cost by a FREE EX-
AMINATION. .
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. Or.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
j
I VICHY 'S HEALTHFUL I
IB A N * lBT * 1 Mk"" 1 "^^ *
O wfi mlth medicinal qoaHtiss. 6
? ,4|ipL Stomach Disordsrs. o
£o """ ed VICHY I
? g^^ ?:^ IN SIPHONS J
faSraf'!!!? VICHY |
? l^^^r^ °et the Genulna *
? '__._| ' III ||. ¦TI O
o A. VJCN1ER. DUtrlbutlnsr Aqr^nt »
DR. MEYERS JpSP^
Specialists H
Disease and weak- v*K l /.rJ* 1
ness of men. Es- IwtM ilvtiiJt.
tabllyhed 1SS1. Con- \v/ isfeBF^T^
eultatlon free. r^Avl 1 "^^?
7JJ1 Market st. i^*FW*^?i/
(elevator entrance). >A n vh^$3»v
San Francisco. v^«rr"«i<f^^»
RUPTURE CURED.
When we say '"rupture cured" we mean It.
for It Is a fact that during; the pa*t 20 year*
DR. PIERCERS MAGNETIC KLASTIC TRU33
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing else
I'ke it. Best retainer made. It does th» work.
Investigate for yourself. C^Call for "Book-
let No. 1." or send 2 cents tn stamps. Ad-
'magnetic elastic truss go.,
<52O Market Street. San Francisco,
Or 1143 Broadway. Naw York City.
DR. HALL'S REIN* VIGOR AT0RSEF3?
Five hundred reward for any aXj^nQS
case we cannot cure. This secret If** • 5 *N
remedy stops alt losses tn 24 hours, 1 '¦«
cures Emtisions. Impotency, Varl- CgW t>^
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits Wfl Fta
Strictures. Lv-st Manhood and all LuJ U-f
wastlrsr r.t»'-ts of self-abuse or rV*3 Rit
excesses. Sent seal»<1. 12 bottl«; i HA~^^kSS
bf'ttles. $3; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 5»3
Froadwar. Oakland. CaL Also for sale at 1073^
Market it.. & F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
l*>tfHfekf>ri m "I* * h » non-pn!s<")otr*
*/ r JUB$t& ai %^.\A remedy for Gonorrhnra,
JBmOr?r\}r*\xi Gle»<t. 3p«rm»tofrha~»,
JUBBr in \ to 14* j'TVl W'hltx. nnnatnral du-
jnw OurtDtwl n charge", or anr iuln^mv
¦ Mifl not to iuui«e. tion. irritation cr u!r»ra-
mu^n. tion of m aeons men»-
|7riTHtEv»H3CHEUXHCa. bran". Non-antrineent.
nil nent in plain wrnpp»r.
'lla^y b3r •»P'-< t i Pr-P»id. for
¦ ~*(j|'i|yiy ir^ •¦ Circular sent on re<jna<i.
p ft rr n nv ft i r ° raer and
ilArt nuiRL SH/tJiS
I - 5c. Overcoats and
valises checked free
WINTER . .PJSORTS.
JPARAISO HOT SPRIiNGS,
j Tbe Carlsbad of America. Is now open for th»
winter season. Address C. T. ROMIE, Ptrats >
SprlEgi, Cai.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Judge William P. Lawlor should receive
the support of all who believe In an hon-
est, upright and fearless Judiciary. •
Vote for Thos. F. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court. •
"The least exertion* or excite-
ment caused my heart to throb
and pound and I had smothering:
spells, pain and palpitation.
. Three bottles of Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure overcame all these disturb-
ances and made me well."
Mbs. J. A. Couts,
Upper Sandusky, Ohio.
D*. Macs'
Heart Cute
quiets the nervous heart, regu-
lates its pulsations and builds
up its strength as nothing else
can. Sold by druggists on a
guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., JElkhart, Ind.
fluttering or irregular pulsa-
tions are an indication of weak-
ness of the nerves or muscles
of the heart. A weakness long
continued produces deformity
and organic disease. If. your
heart adion- is weak, make it
strong. Build up the muscles
and strengthen the nerves with
the greatest of all heart reme-
dies, Dr. Miles' Heart Cure.
Palpi-
tation,
AMUSEMENTS.
GREATEST VATT»EVITJ^E SHOW , ON
EARTH.
THE DUNHAM "FAMILY, JESSIE
COUTHOUI, MAGGIE MOORE,
NORA BOYES, DOLAN and LEN-
HARR, PRELLE'S TALKING DOGS,
HOWARD AND BLAND.
WORLD and HAPT1NGS. .TOHNSON, RIANO
and RENTLEY.
R«>»ei-i-ed r»»ts. 2.V-; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
en'. Vj<"X teats, 5^.
Matlr.e-es Wednefday, Faturday and Sunday.
ELECTION~RETURNS
Will be announced from
the stage this evening.
COLOMBIAN
Eleetlcin return* m-m »-¦*- read from th« «ta(re
to-r.i^ht.
TO-NIGHT and Wednesday Night.
Professional Matinee ToMorrow,
STUMRT ROBSOBI
And His Exceilpnt Bupporting Company In
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
Thursday and Remainder of Week.
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER."
Etuart Robson ss '/"ony Lurr.r.kln.
Next Monday— FRANK I>ANIEL3 IN "THE
AMEER."
ALT ELLINGHOVFE. Proprietor and M'f'r
Phone Boutb 770.
I'.'cV.et Ettnrci Acaec&eed from tbc nttgt To-Kigtt
Ceaplete Betnrci by Epteial Berrle*
TTI1P IK TIIE LAST 1VEEK OF THE
B IO SHOW !
"KING OF THIi OPIUM RING."
EVERYTHING NEW THIS WEEK!
NEW Ecrpt. Dtucci. Kmie Matinet bttard%y.
Farewell Performance Faturday Night:
Next Sunday Afternoon — The Popular Oume-
<J!an, FRANK TANNERHILL. JR. and His
Own Company. Direct From the Star Thea-
ter, New Vork Ctt£ Presenting Lut Sea-
son's Success.
"A TOUXG WIKEV
POPULAR PRICES
EVENING lSc. £>o. Soc. 60c and T5c
MATINEE Ijc, Sc, 35c and oOc
OLYMflA WZSS&
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE J2ITT.
HANLON AND SINGER
The Roman R\rg Expert*.
LAST WEEK OK
PAMPLIN
The Famous Australian Jurgl*r.
LAST WEEK OK
ANNIE GOLDIE
Anfl Our CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVKRY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIOHT EVERY FRIDAT.
ADMISSION FREE.
Election return* will be given
this evening on the Stereopticon.
RACING! RACING I RACING I
1W0--WTNTER MEETING— I90L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NfiV. SD TO NOV. 17TH. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. "
Raelnr Montay. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thun-
cljiy, Triday and fiaturday. Rain or shine.
F"Jve or more rs'*^* each day.
Races start at 2:15 r>. m. sharp.
Ferrj-^at* l*a\e San Francisco at 12 m. and
l;:30, I, J:JO. 2. 2.89 and 3 p. m.. connecting
•with trsirji *t"rplng «t the entrance to th»
ladie» and th»!r ef»-ort6; no smoking;. Buy your
Urn ticket! to Fh'U Mound. All train* via
Oakland mile connect with Ban Pablo avenue
ci<»ctr;c cars at Seventh and Rroadway, Oak-
Ipnd. AUri all trains via Alatneda mole con-
n»rt with Sen Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
er.C Broadway, f'akland. These electric cars
CO dlrert to the trark in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Tralne leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p m. and Immediately after the last race. :
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILBOY. Secretary.
CHUTES ANDZ00. E ii7 E A T X st
PROFESSOR Hl'NTS DOG CIRCUS
and
: BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
Election returns will tie flashed by Chutea
pearchliKht afcordlng to tbe Chronicle election
code.
Telephone for Beata— Park 23.
Ff^PHFR*^ CONCERT HOUSE.
Plo Facet, Pyhia Puerarl, Cerare Alletan-
dronl. Antonio Varr&a. Adelbert and Adelaide
Franlt. Frank and Cella Morrl* and Claire Fex.
Keeerved Keats, I5c; Matinee' Sunday.
OR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tbe cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous oomplalnta of the
Orrans of Generation.
Price U a bottle. For sale by drureiets. j
ADVEBTISEMENTB.
Cottolene has progressed with
the age.
The hog has stood still.
Cottolene is now white and
neutral.
It always was healthful.
Hog fat never was.
The better your food the better
your health. Use WHITE COT-
TOLEXE and better both will
be.
fel f " ri&l The N.K.Fafrbank Company,
f »J ,,— Jjj Chicago— Sole Uanufacturers.
\ffii*r£f£y! revr J Our dainty bnok>t,
MXwHtfSO mailed free to any addrf?«. Kor
3?»ri<WW; on<>2o «»mp we will «i'nd free our
V^SSl ¦&&' lss P«?« recipe book. "Home
v *iC* f B^S«' Helps. ' v edited by Sim. Korer.
AMUSEMENTS.
EL J|^ j^*^ \'^^lK J^r^hk rf^^Jf mft^ /^E»^ 9 £^&
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
L.AST SIX NIGHTS.
ONI/T THIS WEEK.
First Production on Any Stage of Sydney Ro-
Fenfeld's Farcical Romance of South
Dakota,
A DIVORCE COLONY.
Evening Pries 10c, 15c, 25c, 60c'
A Few Front Row? In Orchestra 75c
I Matinee Prices 10c, 15c, toe, JOc— No higher
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
nejrlnnlni? MONDAY EVENING, NOV 12TH,
Morosco's Grand Opera House.
REPERTORY FOR THE FIRST WEEK:
Monday Eve.. Nov. 12.. ROMEO ET JULIETTE
Tuesday Eve.. Nov. 13 TANNHAUSER
Wednesday Eve.. Nov. 14 AIDA
Thursday Eve.. Nov. 13 FAUST I
Friday Eve.. Nov. 16.... FLYING DUTCHMAN
Saturday AtWnoon, Nov. 17 LUCIA
I Saturday Eve., Nov. 17 LOHENGRIN
OF SEATS
For Single Nlirhts Begins TO-MORROW
MORNING at 9 O'clock at Box
Otflce of Grand Opera-houfe.
PRICES— Orchestra and Drew Circle, J7;
Back Rows of Orchestra. $5: Family Circle, «;
Gallery, J2: nil reserved. Boxen. $40 to $60.
WEBER PIANOS USED. •
*TIVOLI*
' ELECTION RETURNS ANNOUNCED
FROM THE STAGE TO-NIGHT!
Positively Final Performances of
CARMEN
TO-NIGHT, Thursday. Sunday Nlghto, Satur-
day Matinee.
Wednesday NJrht. Friday & Saturday NIgMt
OTHELLO IJROVATORE
POPULAR PRICES— 15 AND E0 CENTS.
! endorsed" bt both press and public
; AS THE
i FUNNIEST FARCE EVER!
MARK B. BWAN'S EFFERVESCENT
ECSTASY
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOU"
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
THE ROYAL MARNOAND OF ITALY,
TO-MORROW (Wednesday). Afternoon, at »:15
* LAST DAMROSCH
EXPLANATORY RECITAL!
•'OOTTERDAMllERUNO. 11
Election Returns Read from thg Stag* To-Ntght
: ELECTION RETURNS ANNOUNCED t
: FROM THE STAGE TO-NIGHT! J
.- s t
A Melodrama of tlw Highest Order.
LOST
PARADISE!
MATINEES BATCRDAT AND SUNDAT.
Next-THE ABSENT BOT.
COMPLETE TREATMENT $1.25
/ Vci < tA J Consisting of Cuticura Soap (25c.). to
I v±3£- — \f?&. 1 cleanse the skin of crusts and scales and
I /f&^Ssr^ soften the thickened cuticle, Cuticcra
///Z^N* ' Ointment (50c.), to instantlyallay itching,
I vATi, A Irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and
I JCr^y heal, and Clticura Resolvent (50c.), to
f\ /^^L cool and cleanse the blood, is often sufficient
( fe^LJ \-v to cure the most torturing, disfiguring skin,
VJ*^. 1 scalp, and blood humors, rashes, and irnta-
A i "* « tions with loss of hair when physicians, hos-
pitals, and all else fail. Sold throughout the world. Pottee Drug asu Ghbx.
Com., Sole Props., Boston. " How to Purify and Beautify the Skin, free.
r*e onlr Crnct-KA Soap for baby's skin, ecalp, and hair. It Is not onW the pnreat,
eweeteet ani most refr«thing of nur»err eoaps, but It contains delicate, emol.
VII I inK^ l'«t prop" lies obtained from Ccticcha, the great ekin cure, which preserve,
RIUIUHd „„!,,» and h-avVfr the skin, eralp.and ba!r, and prevent simple 8kln blem.
OF Rhe. J^S ?!*£.«& sertoS yordletreselng heat iMhe>. chaflngs inflam-
MnTUCP« matloni fu\ eruptlot, e . for crusted. UcMng Irritations of the scalp, with dry,
KOThtRS i?.f n 8D 4 fallin* hair, for red. roufjh hands, and ehapelees nalla, and simple In-
tactile nzmore, it is absolutely indispensable.
The itching and burning I suffered in my feet and limbs for three years
were terrible \t night they were worse and would keep me awake a
™^-T* * ° greater part of the night. I consulted
f^ 3— --^7 doctor after doctor, aa I was travelling
I on the road most of my time, also one
. ><^v^\ "V*s. °* our Clt y doctors. None of the doc-
s**\/<\. S \\\ | >^ tors knew what the trouble was. I got
-9gk^r-U" i \ \\ I \\ a lot of the different samples of the medi-
/ t^f^li//' l\ cines I hnd been using. I found them
I * '"-Vc/ 7i|'/ 1 \ of bo many different kinds that I con-
V \ t \ )J \ w/y I \ eluded that I would have to go to a
\^V Jm V \ Cincinnati hospital before I would get
VsX \T^k I \ relief - I had frequently been urged to
[\^\\._^^h^^k n \ trv CnncuRA Remedies, but I had no
W V&s&^^^fyy^ \ faith in them. 31y wife finally prevailed
VV X \^T Nsl/^^s.'ipon me to try them. Presto! What
» SU yl/^J^Y a chauge ! I am now cured, and it i? a
L^S^ESs~&J OV>C-^T permanent cure. I feel like kicking
\j£- T,\ T V fir r eome doctor or myself for suffering three
xnuSX \m -*"-/ Tears when I could have used Cuticura
\ \'^S^V M 7 II. JENKINS, Middleboro, Ky.
Instantly Relieved and Speedily
Cured by CUTICURA.
And All Forms of Itching, Scaly Humors Are
ADVEETISEMENTa
Big gj vH'^^'?'^ ' r " t oj5yrf^y' jEw *& B § I&tul rilfmvB H lit Tift Ssb/M
BBrfflB^I '*'• -' '^sX * . w mm" «lg$sSr^MftShnflafc immrii&tJt k lBmm^mmmm)X/£%j[$f\
* ¦'•MJBBPw t* %**Wmmmimmf W A WM %.99 1 BUf I If € W#/#T B BGm\
mmwtM\rB8^L •*• ¦ WKBmBBk3M-—*4^Z&sJlmmma^m^^^mmmmmmmmmt^im^^JB^^mH^m^^^^^^^^J^^m^Sf^^^^mmmu
W " **fc •' ¦ * *Cn
BkpS|>.: s ' .<M tJBMi&illJUnKm. VII it maA New England dinner will be given by
the' ladies of . the .Mizpah Presbyterian
Church at Pythian Castle, 909 Market
street, Thursday, November 8, from 11
a. m. to 2 p. m. and from 5:30 to S p. m.
Will Give New, England Dinner.
Louis C. ¦ Mendel has been cited to ap
pear before, Judge Troutt on. the 12th inst.
to be examined under oath as to his
knowledge of , the . properties : left by the
late Mrs. Jennie Hoyt. . -
In a petition filed yesterday -by Attorney
S,;C. Denson, executor, of decedent's. will,
it : is alleged that Mendel . has : concealed ,
carried? away • and disposed .of -certain
goods, consisting, of Jewelry' and money,
belonging, to decedent's estate, : the exact
value of which cannot be -, ascertained.
Vogelsang & Brown : have been i appointed
to represent absent: heirs of the deceased.
CHAEGES MENDEL;' WITH
CONCEALING PROPERTY
On Complaint of NAttorneyDenson He
Is Cited to Appear for Ex
amination.
The cases of William Weinberg. con
victed of being the keeper of a poker game
at 1044 Folsom street, and seven others
convicted of being visitors, were called be
fore Judge Fritz yesterday, when Attor
ney Tomsky made a motion for a new
trial on various grounds. The Judge
granted the motion and • the cases were
continued till to-morrow, to be set The
defendants were convicted because the
Judge believed. from the testimony of the
arresting officers that they- were playing
a percentage game.
New Trial in Poker Cases.
Ed Price, a well known bunko steerer,
wJio gave- the name "of N. Johnston,
was arrested yesterday afternoon by De
tectives Ryan and O'Dea and . booked at
the City Prison on a charge of vagrancy
The detectives saw Price steering a min
ing man on Third street to a place where
he was to show him a lot of valuable jnujr
gets. The mining man was very 'much
surprised when the detectives informed
him as to the character of his companion
whom he supposed to be a wealthy miner
Bunko Man Caught in the Act.
George Ost^r had been an Invalid with
consumption for a long time at his broth
er's residence, 211 Shotwell street. He
was a bartender, unmarried, and about 45
years old.
There was also a sealed letter addressed
to the Coroner.
I leave everything I "die possessed of to Ed.
Put me down with Pete. Aunt Katie or Mary
Ellen will sea that I am properly, interred.
I- am a burden, so I must get off the earth.
GEORGE.
P. S.— This is not a cowardly act, nor am I
"nutty" or crazy. :¦.-,:..
When little Hattie Oster came home
from school for lunch shortly . after noon
yesterday she found .her' uncle, George
Oster, lying dead in bed with foam oozing
from his" mouth. A bottle which had con
tained laudanum was on a chair near the
bed, and alongside was a note written in
pencil as follows: . •..; - - "/v '.:'c :^ 'J2:
Long; Time "With Consump-
7 tion;
He Had Been Hopelessly Sick for a
GEORGE OSTER CHOSE
"-. "- DEATH BY LAUDANUM
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
handed down an opinion yesterday re
versing- the decision of the Board of
United States General Appraisers in the
matter of the duties on yellow metal
sheathing used on the Alden Besse.. J. D.
Spreckels & Bros.' Company appealed to
the Cnited States Circuit Court trim the
decision of the Board of Appraisers.
In his opinion Judge Morrow said: "It
could hardly, have been intended by Con
gress to permanently exclude from the
coastwise' trade for ten months in the
year a vessel built in the United States
because it had used in its construction or
equipment free of duty, some foreign
materials, the life of which was of short
duration. Is there any warrant for the
assumption that Congress Intended to lm
pose a duty upon material after it had
ben used and had become perfectly worth
less, simply as a penalty for Its retention
upon the vessel ?' f
The court decided that the assumption
was unwarranted and that the duty need
not be paid."
to Encourage the Building: of
American Ships.
Undoubted Intention of Congress Is
APPRAISERS' DECISION
BEVEESED BY MORROW
The members of the State Legislature
were, urged by resolution to give their
support to the end that the Legislature
pass a bill providing for the payment to
the city of San Francisco of the fine of
$5000 Imposed on the Sutter Street Rail
way Company for its failure to run cars
on Bush street for the accommodation of
the public.
The resolution recites that the nrownt
condition of Bush street is such ton
requires reconstruction and it is the
sense of. the board to set aside and appro
priate the said, sum of $5000 when received
toward- the amount necessary to pay the
expense of the repavement of Bush street
the resolution directing the FinancV
Committee to investigate the accounts 3
the Treasurer was Indefinitely postponed
The resolution was Introduced by m?!
Carthy. who- claimed that the Treasurer
in absolute violation of the law? failed t«
pay registered demands in : the order of
their registration, .but -elected I instead ?o
Ef,l.i e iu wh i cn presented long after
hundreds of registered demands #ere on
The -Board of Public Works was" an"-'
Resolved, That the Spring Valley Water
Company is requested to furnish the said state
ment verified by the oaths of the president
and secretary of the. eald company, to this
Board of Supervisors on or before January l
1901. and also to place its books and accounts
¦at the service, of this board so .thit experts
which, may be. appointed by this board can
verify from the books of the company the
statements ma^.e in the reports requested ty
Resolved, That the Spring Valley Water
Company is hereby directed to furnish for the
use of the Board of Supervisors of i the City
and County of San Francisco in tiling water
rates for the . fiscal year commencing July 1,
1901, a statement of tho real estate, water
rights, personal property and all other prop
erty of the said Spring Valley "Water Company
"now actually employed in collecting ¦ or dis
tributing the - water now being supplied to
the people of the , City and County of San
Francisco," with a statement of the cost price
and" the time of purchase or construction of
each piece or parcel . of land, of each water
right, and of all other personal property or
other property in such actual use. The said
company la also requested to furnish to this
Board of Supervisors a statement of land and
water rights and other - property owned b7
the «ald Spring Water Company and which are
not now actually employed- in collecting or
distributing the water now being supplied to
the people of the : City and County of San
Francisco. , but which have been used • in the
past in supplying ' the people of the City and
County of San Francisco with water, or which
it Is expected . will be used in the future for
¦ueh use, together with the cost price of each
of such piece or parcel of land or water right
or oiher property, and be it further
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution. yesterday directing the Spring
Valley Water Company to furnish a state
ment of all its property for use by the
board In fixing the water rates for the
next fiscal year. The resolution follows;
Supervisors Order Water
Company to Produce
Information.
SPRING VALLEY
IS DIRECTED TO
FILE INVENTORY
The Board of Supervisors yesterday re
ferred to the Health Committee an ordi
nance to prevent the manufacture and
sale of food adulterants. The ordinance
was Introduced by Connor, who urged the
need of legislation on the subject. \t pro
vides as follows:
Section 1— No person,, firm or corpora
tion shall manufacture, sell or expose for
sale any drug, mixture or compound un
der a label setting forth the value of said
drug, mixture or compound in the pre
servation of any food or drink used for.
human consumption.
Section 2— No person or firm' or corpora
tion shall sell or expose for sale any arti
cle of food, any milk or other fluid used
for human consumption In which any de
leterious drug, mixture or other compound
has been . previously placed for any pur
pose whatever.
Section 3— "Whoever violates any of the
provisions of this ordinance, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on convic
tion thereof shall be fined not exceeding
$100 nor less than J25, or imprisonment in
the County Jail not exceeding 100 nor less
than 30 days, or both. -,:',%
The Presidio and Ferries Railway Com
pany was granted permission to set back
temporarily four feet the south curb of
Union street, between Hyde and Larkln
pending certain Improvements which the
company coo|emplates performing in con
nection wljrlts system.
It is provided that If the aforesaid privi
lege is exercised by the company it must
file a bond in the sum of JlO.ooO that it will
within a period of five years reconstruct
the cable roadbed and car tracks of its
system to the satisfaction of the Board of
Public Works. Also that It will lay its
tracks in the center of the roadway of
the streets over which its cars are ope
rated.
McCarthy objected to giving the com
pany the privilege of cutting away any of
the sidewalk, and expressed himself In
favor of compelling the company to move
its tracks to. the center of the street
where they belong. '
An ordinance was passed to print grant
ing permission to the City Warehouse
Company to construct a spur track from
the Belt road along /Lombard street to
the southwest corner of Lombard and
Sansome streets. : .
An ordinance was passed to print Dro
vlding for the full acceptance of Treat
avenue between Twenty-fourth and Twen
ty-fifth.
An ordinance was passed to print order-
Ing the construction of sewers In Andover
Crescent and East avenues, and providing
for the assessment of the cost therpof
against the surrounding district " lcieo1
The Mayor notified the board that he
had ¦• appointed as Supervisors Henry J
Stafford and Horace Wilson, who there
upon took their seats without ceremony
Hj he 4-¥i? y * r ,, ani } ounced the reconstruc
tion of the following committees, the first
named Supervisor being the cnalrman"
and • Front-Wilson
Fontana, McCarthy. "»"""•
Police— Tobin,* Stafford. Reed ¦
Fire— Dwyer, Curtis, Wilson.¦'
de Ou^tslde: Lands— Staff ord, Buxton, San-
Charities and Correction— Fontana.' Wil
son. Stafford. , . , .
Ordinance Intended to Make
Wrongful Practice a
Misdemeanor.
SALE OF FOOD
ADULTERANTS TO
BE PROHIBITED
The ordinances making it unlawful to
deal or conduct a bet nt any game played
with cards for money in any saloon or
for any person to become an Inmate of
or visit any saloon where such games
are played were indefinitely postponed oh
recommendation of the Police Committee
by the Board of Supervisors yesterday.
Comte objected to indefinite postpone
ment on the ground that the board would
be derelict In its duty if some legislation
was not adopted against public gambling.
"The ordinances are sweeping ,ln their
provisions. I must admit," said Comte,
"but it is not possible to reach only par
ticular gambling places."
Tobin, In explaining the report of the
committee, said that the object of th& or
dinances could be accomplished by the
Police Commissioners refusing to grant a
license to- any place where gambling was
conducted In a disorderly manner.
"The Police 'Commission." said Tobln,
"had sought to cast the responsibility, of
stopping gambling on the board. The or
dinance la supposedly directed against
the gambling In the Cafe Royal and It has
not been proven that gambling Is con
ducted in a disorderly manner in that
place."
Comte said the board could not afford
to shift the responsibility of restricting
gambling.
"There is no such thing as th« orderly
conduct of a gambling place such as tho
Cafe Royal," said Comte. "I move that
the matter be referred again to the Po
lice Committee with instructions to re
port."
¦ This motion was lost and the vote on
the Indefinite postponement of the" ordi
nance was:
Ayes— Boxton, Brandenstein, Braun
hart, Connor, Curtis, D'Ancona. Dwyer.*
Hotaling. McCarthy, Stafford, Tobin,
Wilson, Reed.
Noes— Booth, Comte.
The bill regarding the care of animals
sick with contagious diseases and, pro
viding for the disposition thereof was re
ferrea I back to the Hospital •Committee.
McCarthy submitted an amendment,
which provides that the owner or ; custo
dian of any sick animal must upon de
mand by the Board of Health show to the
latter's satisfaction that he or she ia com
petent to care properly for said animal
or that the animal is under the car© of a
veterinary surgeon. The * amendment
continues:
Section 6 — If any developed case of sickness
shall be pronounced incuraole , by . said board
or by its designated veterinary surgeon said
board is hereby authorized, empowered and di
rected to kill the animal so infected with In
curable sickness - and to matt such disposition
of the carcass t thereof as It may. deem best;
provided, however, that T If the owner or man
ager of said ¦ animal at the : time of such de
cree has employed a recognized veterinary sur
geon to treat the animal and said veterinary
does not agree with the Board of Health as to
the impossibility of effecting a cure, then, and
in that* event, the> owner or; manager, of such
animal. shall be riven the 'benefit of the doubt
and a. reasonable time,' not to exceed thirty (30>
days, shall be allowed such ¦ owner > or man
ager In which , to demonstrate to the Board
of Health that the animal can be cured; and
provided, ¦ further, that no carcass of. any ani
mal dead of an infectious or contagious disease
or i killed on account thereof . shall be ¦ buried
within five, hundred' (500). feet of any residence.
The . Board of Public ; Works and tho
Comte's Two Ordinances Are
Almost Unanimously
Defeated.
GAMBLING WILL
HOT BE STOPPED
BY SUPERVISORS
The Pacific Power Company was grant
ed permission to install a tank not «.o
exceed a capacity of 4000 gallons for the
purpose of storing crude petroleum on
premises at 26 Jessie street. Similar per
mission was granted the Abner Doble
Company for a tank of 50<j0 gallons'
capacity.
A resolution was adopted providing that
whereas Assessor Dodge must file an
"undertaking on appeal" in the sum of
JuOO in the suit of the San Francisco Na
tional Bank.' In which an appeal, is to be
taken to the Circuit Court of Appeals,
Dodge as principal and the sureties
named in the said undertaking shall not
be held responsible for any costs, but
the city shall be made liable therefor.
An expenditure of $550 was authorized
in payment to the Boys' and Girls' Aid.
Society, being for the care of Inmates
committed by the Police Judges.
The ordinance providing funds for tho
acquisition of land for St. Mary's Square
by segregating $50,000 out of available
moneys in the city-treasury and pledging
the board, to appropriate $50,000 more dur
ing the next fiscal year was laid over
for two weeks.
The attention of the beards 'named Is
called to existing ordinances relative to
buildings wherein theatrical, operatic or
other entertainments cire held and In par
ticular to order 2927, approved by Mayor
Sutro on November 25, 1803, It being con
tended that its provisions ¦were compile.!
with by the owners, lessees or managers
of such buildings.
The rescinding of the resolution grant
ing permission to the Central Paik
Amusement Company to build a gravity
railway in Central Park and to construct
a temporary building of iron was post
poned for one week.
Fire Wardens were requested to report
before November 12, 1900, the result of
their conference and investigation in re
spect to the provisions of an ordinance
relative to theaters ana as to whether all
existing buildings used for amusement
purposes should be made to comply with
the ordinance. *
Officer McMurray of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was
compelled to end the misery of a valuable
horse yesterday by shooting it through
the head. The unfortunate animal brought
on Its own death by backing Into a freight
train. He was dragged more than twenty
feet before the train could be brought to
a standstill, and when the bruised and
bleeding beast regained his feet he pre
sented a pitiable appearance. The buggy
was crushed into kindling wood.
The horse and vehicle were the property
of E. Hlnderman of 521 Cortland avenue.
He rented the rig to three young men who
were engaged in .electioneering. The lat
ter drove to the Potrero district, and
when they reached Twentieth and Illinois
streets entered a saloon, leaving the horse
untied. A freight train backed into the
street and the beast became frightened
and proceeded to back and rear. Joseph
Conroy jumped Into the buggy and at
tempted to calm the animal, but the noise
of the train seemed to terrify the horse.
Conroy jumped Just in time to avoid be
ing ground to death under the wheels of
the freight train. Policeman McCurry
ended the suffering of the unfortunate
animal.
by a Freight Train and Se
verely Injured.
Tlie Unfortunate Animal Is Dragged.
VALUABLE HORSE SHOT
AND PUT OUT OF MISERY
At this moment A. M. Jones, proprietor
of the hotel, appeared upon the scene and
he was obliged to «iraw h's revolver to
separate the men. Shields then ran up
stairs, where he was captured on the fifth
Shield? naturally protested the payment
of this portinn of the bill. Burnell said
he would have to pay It. or words to that
effect. Angered, Shields made a pass to
strike Burnell, who stood behind the desk.
Bum«ll sprang- from behind the counter.
and as he did so Shields whipped out a
Jackknife and swung the blade viciously.
As Bumell raised his arm to ward off
the blow the blade penetrated his left
side, puncturing the lung.
A dispute over a trifling Item on a bill
resulted in a sensational stabbing affray
at the Loepalmer Hotel last night. Short
ly after 11 o'clock Henry Shields, the well
known Jockey, and a young man named
Eppinper Trent to the hotel, where Shields
has been stopping for some time. The
two lingered in the office to talk with
th<» night clerk. Candid Burnell. The last
named made Shields' acquaintance a year
ago and the two were supposed to- be
good friends. According to the story told
by Eppinger. who was an eye-witness of
the affair, Burnell had stood treat several
days ago for something which had found
its way onto Shields' bill.
Burnell's wound is a serious one, ac
cording to Dr. Duncan, the attending
physician. Some rust was found In the
wound. It Is thought Shields threw the
knife out of the window when he ran
upstairs. Both Shields and Burnell are
quick tempered. Burnell has been night
clerk at the hotel about eight months.
At police headquarters the charge of as
sault with attempt to murder was filed
against Shields. He declined to make any
statement.
floor by Special Officer Hugh Smith and
placed under arrest.
Clerk Burnell of the Leepalmer House Insists
on Payment of Disputed Item and
Is Wounded.
JOCKEY SHIELDS STABS
FRIEND IN FIT OF ANGER
¦"^r" ' m ' "Tr"ITH her husband, whom she married when both were engaged
/\ / with the Salvation Army in slum work in Taccma. Wash., the
\ / \ / Countess of Tankervilk" is on her way from England to Boston,
\f yr where she will spend several weeks with Salvation soldiers. The
Countess was formerly Miss Lenora Van Marter of Tacoma.
Tim Earl fell In love with her and settled in Tacoma. so he might aid her in her
labors with the Salvation Army. At that time the Earl was third in succession
to the title.
THE COUNTESS OF TANKERVILLE, A FORMER SOLDIER OF GEN
ERAL BOOTH'S ARMY. WHO HAS NOT ALLOWED HER TITLE TO
INTERFERE WITH HER WORK.
The "Green Eyed Mnnster" crowded the
Alta Theater last night.. Every seat hael
a joyous occupant and the employes of
Goldberg, Bowen & Co., who formed the
Prolle's talking dogs repeated their hit
of last week, as did Bort Howard in his
ragtime playing on the piano. Leona
Bland, Norah Boyes, James F. Dolan and
li.a Lenharr, John W. World and Beat
rice Hastings and Johnson, Riano and
Bt-ntley contribute to a bill which leaves
nothing to be desired..
The Orpheum is presenting a bill of
bright, particular stars this week, each
of whom is well worth the price of ad
mission. Chief among the new comers Is
Maggie Moore, who used to delight thea
ter goers in the palmy days of the old
California Theater. "Aue cannot wither
nor custom stale the infinite varletv" of
Maggie's entertaining powers. Her por
trayal of the character of the Irishwoman
is as unctuous as it is true to nature. In
Clay Greene's comedy entitled "Kittle
Malone" she succeeded in delighting her
audience, and her Irish songs and oper
atic burlesque brought down the house.
Her niece. Osgood Moore, is a graceful
dancer and makes a pretty boy.
The Dtinham family of four was seen
in an act that is wonderful as well as
thrilling. Such an exhibition of aerialis
tic powers has seldom been witnessed
here, and the ease with which the va
rious turns are performed excited un
bounded admiration.
Jessie Couthoui. who makes fun of her
own unpronounceable name, gives a re
fined delineation of various characters,
and. her travesty on-thri vagaries of her
own sex was very clever.
Orpheum.
The Desdemona, vocally, is as accept
able as one can wish, and' Slgnorina Bar
bareschi wears the laurels of many en
cores modestly. Lla Poletliii. the Emilia
of the cast, is the other that Is worth
mentioning in terms of commendation.
The rest of the cast are tolerable — some
tolerably good and some tolerably bad.
ALICE WILLIAMS AS MADGE
MORTON IN "WHOSE BABY
. ARE YOU?"
watching the play of his mobile features,
we forget the other characters, and" when
Salassa is silent, the voices of the others
break in upon our entrancement like dis
cordant sounds that smash into nothing
ness the golden weavings of a voluptuous
dream.
Of course there can be no Othello with
out a good Iago, and the great Salassa is
so good an Iago that in listening to his
marvelously mellow barytone, and In
Lyric tenors who act as well as they
sing are extremely rare, and still rarer
are those who act better than they sing.
Signor Vittore Emanuel Castellano is one
of the still rarer. Not that he does not
sing well also, but while his voice is suf
ficiently strong for the role of Othello it
is lacking in the qualities of mellowness
and rotundity, and at times is harsh, un
sympathetic, and, O, horror! Bucjrestive
of a squeak. But when the role allows
him to turn himself loose on the uooer
leger lines of a fortissimo jealousy you
realize that there is something in Signor
Vittore Emanuel Castellano after all.
Tivoli.
There is no actor in San Francisco, how
ever clever, who cannot learn something
by attending the professional matinee to
which Mr. Robson and his friends have
generously consented to give their time on
Wednesday afternoon.
In such a long cast where all do well It
is difficult to apportion due praise to all.
Yet in this second, notice one must not
overlook the effectiveness of those who
carry the little parts— such as that o*
Drummond (Mr. B. Washburn), "who
leads the laugh at Drury Lane." and of
Tony LumnKin (Mr. Edward Dodge).
Even the little man (Mr. Long), who plays
the tailors boy, is an artist in his line
and helps to make the ensemble what It
should be.
Last night Stuart Robson and his capi
tal company opened tho.'r second week in
Augustus Thomas' "Oliver Goldsmith."
This charming p!ay loses nothing by repe
tition—one notices the second time deli
cate points that do not come out clearly
on a lirst hearing. Such are Goldsmith's
instinctive drawing back when he hears
Garrick announced; Mary Horneck's little
burst of indignation when she perceives
that Goldsmith Is pained by the practical
joke played upon him; Catherine Hoi •
neck's exquisite' by-play in the scene
where Garrick makes actor-love to her.
One forgets that the historical perspective
i.« not quite right— that is really of little
'moment so long as the characterization is
true to what we know of Goldsmith and
his famous friends.
Columbia.
Pledge Morton has a charming and co
quettish exponent in Alice Williams and
Gladys Pcniield is well played byFranklyn
Gale. Pillcna Maris is an excellent Abigail,
the sanguine-haired and riotous slavey.
Next week the Royal Marine Band from
Italy, under the direction of Georgio
Minoliti. will appear at the California
Theater for the lirst time in this city.
Perhaps the best bit of work in the play
Is done ¦ by Runneis, in the character
part of the Baron. His German-English
is delicious' and he does the Irascible and
puzzled baron to perfection. Lew H.
Newcomb, as Hugh Wallace, Is a clever
and conspicuously picturesque figure and
Francis X. Hope, as the bewildered bach
elor owner pro teni. of an interesting trio
ot flourishing infants, does very good
work.
"«r "7«r "TTHOSE Baby Are You?"
\ /\ / !s the attraction at the
\ / \/ California Theater this
y y week and last night {he
house was well filled. It
is one of those plays with the merest
pretense of a plot, but with many amus
ing situations to raise a laugh, In which
it is most successful. The risibla faculties^
of the audience are ke'pt .working almost
fr6m the rise to the fall of the curtain.
Splendid Billis Pre
sented at the
Orpheum. .
As a Laugh-Maker
It Is a Big Suc
cess.
\ An enthusiastic audience greeted the
"King of the Opium Ring" at the Alham
bra last night. The clever comedy work
of Frank R. Hayes as Hop T,oy, t'.ie high
binder, and that of the Dale brothers as
the tramp and the darkey scored decided
hits. The play throughout found favor
with the audience. Klection returns- will
be read from the stage during intermis
sions at to-night's performance'
Olympia. )
There is a big vaudeville show at the
Olympia this week and it is I all free
Hanlon and Singer made a hit last night
ami every other number on tl/ie bill I a
Vi'pll worth hearing. /
Last Damrosch Lecture.
The fourth and last DamroscJh lecture,
with "Die Gotterdammerung ' fir subject,
will be given on Wednesday next at the
California. ;>,
Plo Face! and Cesare AlessandronI of
the late Azzali Opera Company sang the
duet from "La Forza del Destlno" at
Fischer's Concert House last night with
splendid effect. Sylvia Puerarl gave the
cavatina from "La Travlata" in excellent
voice and Adelbert and Adelaide Frank
presented an amusing sketch, "A Matri
monial Muddle." Frank and Celia llor-
Sls gave wonderful j examples of what
strong people can do. Mr. Morris breaks
steel chain* over his chest with Infinite
glee. ¦ ¦ /
Alhambra,
major portion of. the audience, relished
the sallies of wit and topical songs which
served to hold together the threads of the
comedy. Well versed in their parts, the
mejnbers of the company won the plaudits
of an audience that overflowed every sec
tion cf the house. To individualize the
various performers would be simply to
reprint the cast. But Charley Coglll,
Fred Cooper, Georgie Woodthorpe. Geor
gle Cooper and Dan Dougherty did the
bulk of the work and received bouquets
and fiowers galore. The "Green Eyed
Monster" Is full of possibilities for a long
"Lost Paradise," a drama with a moral
and a socialistic trend, attracted a good
house at the Alcazar Theater last night.
All of the favorites in the popular stock
company were represented in the large
cast, and the "play received a thoroughly
worthy and well balanced Interpretation.
Howard Hall has a grateful part in Reu
ben Warner, the superintendent of "the
, works," and plays the role with fine fer
vor and artistic .balance. Howard Scott
is the militant aristocrat, Ralph Standish
does excellent work and Clarence Mon
taine In the new role of "heavy father" is
pood, if not quite convincing. Edwin T.
Emery, Clarence Arper, Carlyle Moore,
George P. Webster and Ernest Howell—
the latter especially true in his rendering
of the old workman Ber.sel— all fill their
roles acceptably.
Miss Lorena Atwood is a charming and
sincere Margaret Knowlton; Ada Lewis is
an altogether delightful "tough" girl,
known as "Cinders": Polly Stockwell is
the tfretty ingenue, Polly Fletcher, and
Miss Juliet Crosby as the crippled "Nell"
plays a painful part with gTace and re
straint.
The staging of the play is particularly
good and some of the "makeups" are con
spicuously clever. Next week a farce com
edy from Palmer's Theater, New York,
will be put on.
Fischer's Concert House.
"Oliver Goldsmith'.
Improves on Ac
quaintance.
"Lost Paradise" at
Alcazar Well Re
ceived.
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOU ?"
FILLS THE CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
SALVATION ARMY GIRL
IS NOW A COUNTESS
"The election will be over then." sal,J
Reed significantly, "and there win ba
no reason for any. failure to begin thd
investigation." • ..
The board adjourned to meet on Thurs
day evening to begin the Investigation of
water rates.
The Board of Public "Works was re
quested to furnish a statement of the con
tracts let upon the Hall of Justice, sinca
its acceptance, by advertisement for tend
ers in the official paper and by other
methods.
thorlzedf to place a roof over the- photo
graphic gallery In the Hall of -fustic*
building at a cost not to exceed $1600. Tna
ordinance authorizing an expenditure of
$3160 to complete the gallery was in
definitely postponed.
The Board of Public "Works was di
rected to secure for the use of the city
certain bronze lamps belonging to the
city, eleven of which are mlsslnff. The
board la ordered to replace the bronza
lamps which cannot be found -with, others
of similar pattern, the expense to be
paid out of the surplus la the street
lighting fund, amounting to $2745 89. The
Police Department is requested to rlv«
all necessary assistance In carrying out
the resolution.
Alta.
8
• '.Vote for Thos. Fv Graham > for Judgr« of
th© Superior Court •
Judge William P. Lawlor has proved an
honest. efficient and able Judgre. and
ehould receive the votes of all citizens, Ir-
respective of partr. •
nat. :3MMBM»SMmiKKaBi
. WILLIAM WOLFF A CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. • 339 Maris t 3t. 3.T.
(The Largest and Oldest Champagne House la
• the World.)
Whit; Seal (Grande Cuvee>. of excep-
tional bouquet and dryness. — .Ccwt Jjur~
Moeta
Cbandon
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVZKTIEEMEirrs.
REGULAR REPUBLICAN TICKET.
COJCGRESSIONAXm JUDICIAL AND LEGIS-
LATIVE CANDIDATES TO BE VOTED
FOR IN THE CITT AND COUN-
TY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
For Representative in Congress, Fourth Con-
gr«*wilona.l District.
JULIUS KAHX.
For R*prw>«itatlv# in Congress, Fifth Con-
£re*«lonaJ District.
EUGEXE F. LOUD.
For Judgres of the Superior Court.
THOMAS F. GRAHAM.
DAVIS LOUDEUBACK-
r>. J. MURPHY.
M. C. SLOSS.
For Judge of the Superior Court (Unexplred
Term).
FRATCK H. KERRIGAN.
For Justices of the Peace.
JOHN R. DANIELS.
THOMAS F. DUNN.
<3. C. GROEZIXGER.
H. L. JOACHIMSEX.
PEKCT V. LONG.
For State Senators.
I'th Senatorial Dletrlet.JAMES E. FLYNN
Wth Senatorial District. RICHARD J. WELCH
21st S*na.tortal District. EDWAJtD I. WOLFe'
23d Senatorial District. JOHN G. TTRRELL.'
fcth Senatorial Dlstrlct.JOHN H. NELSON.
For Member* of the Assembly. '
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— CHARLES
R. FRA>TKLIX.
Tv.enty-nir.tn Assembly Dlstrlct-JEREMIAH
F. COLLINS.
Thirtieth Assembly District— MICHAEL Me-
BRIDE. . -
Thirty-flrrt . Assembly District— JOHN J
HOUBIGAN.
Thirty-eecond Attembly District— W. J
EVATT.
Thirty-third Assembly District— JOHN BUT-
I.ER.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District — E. ¦ D
KNIGHT.
Thirty-fifth Assembly Dlitrlct-EDWARD F
TKEADWEI-L.
Thirty-fflxth Aesembly District — WILLIAM
J. GUILFOVLE.
Thirty-seventh Assembly District— ARTHUa
G. FISK.
Thirty-eighth Assembly Dlstrict-R. w
ROBERTS.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— FRAXK D
MACBETH.
Fortieth Assembly District— HAMILTON A.
BAUER.
Forty-first Aesembly Dlstrlct-HENRY C
DIBBLE.
Krrty-feeona Assembly District— LORENZO
A- HENRT.
Forty-third Assembly District— MARTIN W.
P:
¦fourth Assembly District— ALEXAN-
rAMPBELL JR.
fifth Assembly District — GEORGE C.
C.
VOTE FOR
Senate .
Constitutional
AmendmentNo.15
THE SEVENTH AMENDMENT ON
THE TICKET— PROVIDING FOR THE
PAYMENT OF TEACHERS' SALAR-
IES AND OBLIGATIONS DUE TO
Merchants of San Francisco
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Off lce-62 San Pablo Avo.
A FATHER OF TWINS
was never happier than the man who has
tried all the laundries In San Franclsc.
and at last finds that his linen is done up
perfectly to suit his taste. A customer
of»ours once is one always, as our -work
is done uniformly and by tha best and
most careful method3.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts ic
you want it.
No saw-edges.
A woman is sick — some disease peculiar to her sex is fast
developing in her system. She goes to her family physician
and tells him a story, but not the whole story.
She holds back something, loses her head, becomes agi-
tated, forgets what she wants to say, and finally conceals
what she ought to have told, and this completely mystifies
the doctor. O
Is it a wonder, therefore, that the doctor fails to cure the
disease ? Still we cannot blame the woman, for it is very em-
barrassing to detail some of the symptoms of her suffering,
even to her family physician. This is the reason why
hundreds of thousands of women, are- now in corre-
spondence with Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass. To
her they can give every symptom, so that when she is ready
to advise them she is in possession of more facts from her
correspondence with the patient than the physician can,
possibly obtain through a personal interview.
Following we publish a letter from a* woman showing the
I result of a correspondence with Mrs. Pinkham. All such
I letters are considered absolutely confidential by
B Mrs. Pinkham, and are never published in any way or
| manner without the consent in writing of the patient ; but
I hundreds of women are so gratefulfor the health which Mrs.
1 Pinkham and her medicine have been able to restore to them
1 that they not only consent to publishing their letters, but
S write asking that this be done in order that other women
I who suffer may be benefited by their experience.
I Mrs. Ella Rice, Chelsea, Wis., writes :
1 "DeatiMrs. Pixkdam: — For two years I xvas troubled with falling
§ and inflammation of the womb. I suffered very much with bearing-down
I pains, headache, "backache, and was not able to do anything. "What 1
N endured no one knows but those who have suffered as I did. I could
H hardly drag myself across the floor. I doctored with the physicians of this
town for threo months and gTew worse instead of better. My husband
L and friends wished me to write to you, but I had no faith In patent medi-
\ cines. At last I became so bad that I concluded to ask your advice. I
5 received an answer at once advising me to take yonr VegetaWe Coraponnd,
S and I did so. Before I had taken two bottles I felt better, and after I had
S taken five bottles there was no happier woman on earth, for I was well
I ajrain. I know that your Vegetable Compound cured me. and I wish and
1 advise every woman who suffers as I did to try Lydla E. PlnkhanTs Vcge-
| table Compound. Believe me alway&«grateful for the recovery of my
I health."— Mrs. Ella Rice, Chelsea, Wis.
1 £s. F*cn mS2\ *C?\ .zJa! ff%F"Kfi9ARR Owing to the fact that lorae skeptical
¦ fa t g Kt 3 B 3 JLi Wlr r\ w\ of the genuintaess of th; testimonial letter*
SI *¦» fSrfy "* P F i ? tj M we are constantly publishing. v> have
jjjj «(r " M fi 3 P •"'S deposited with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Mam., $3,000,
H B7H^n"sS3 which will be paid to any person who will show that the aooro
i e. D 5 » ®L E P I testimonial is not genuine, or was published before obtaining
H X3? ¦ I&SF %£y \£3? writer's special permission.— Lydia E. Pinkham Mxaicns Co.Is not the worst of It.
When orders were issued to the patrol
men a week ago to note all street lamps
not lighted at night the object was io
have some basis for cutting the bill of
the Gas and Electric Company, which has
the contract for lighting tne city.
There are three nisrhts in the month,
however, that the mooq's pale ravs are
considered sufficiently Bright to illumin
ate the streets of the city and on these
nights the patrolmen were not supposed
to keep tab. Nothing- havlner been said
on the subject, however, the patrolmen
continued to make their Inspections.
Sunday night was the first of the trio on
which the city depends upon the moon.
From one end of their beats to the
other they slowly worked, marking down
the location and character of the lamps.
For a time the natural light was ob
obscured by clouds and the bluecoats were
"One stroke of the pen would have
sufficed for all this work," grrunted a
weary copper. "Why didn't one man
write on tne big book, 'gaa out of all
pipes,' .'dead wires' and 'all lights out?' "
Burglars, "drunks" and crooks gener
ally were forgotten by the lamp census
takers. "When daylight came the -work
had been almost completed, but the
lengthy reports had io be made out and
this consumed more time. Many police
men said harsh things about bad judg
ment and useless labor as they boarded
their cars three hour3 after quitting time
and rubbed the cramps out of their fin
gers.
obliged to use matches and torches In
their efforts to obtain the numbers on
houses. They held up pedestrians for
matches and their footfalls on porches
brought visions of burglars to the timid
In many households. . .
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS
CONGRATULATE McKINLEY
Their Campaign Committee in This City
Predicts for Him a' Plurality/of More
Than Twenty Thousand.
Kdltor Call— Dear Sir: The following telegram was sent to the President
of the United States to-day by the committee. of commercial travelers in this
city who have had charge of the work In this campaign:
William McKinley, President of the United States, Canton,
Ohio— Dear Sir: Four years ago California was carried for the Re
publican party, by the efforts of the commercial travelers. This
year seventeen hundred out of two thousand commercial travelers in
California have lent great assistance to the cause of prosper
ity, "sound money and the continuance of the full dinner bucket.
To T morrow the Golden State -will - give* the Republican ticket a
plurality of not less than twenty thousand. . Hearty ' congratula
tions. ' -
ROBERT H. DAVIS, President
>. - A. C. BOLDEMAN, Secretary.
San Francisco, Nov. 5, 1900. - - •'' ¦ ¦?¦
Officers of St. Andrew's Society.
The annual election of the ofljeers of
St. Andrew's Society took placelast night
at Scottish Hall. The officers elected are
as follows :, / •„
President, Allan PoJlok; for vice president
James Rolph Jr. ; • second vice president, P
Llvlngrstcn Dunn; treasurer, Y. C. Lawson*
recording: secretary, George St. John Bremner;
assistant recording secretary, James r>. Cxaitf
financial secretary, R. D. Colquhoun; assistant
financial secretary, Wallace A. Cook; librarian,
David Dalzlel; trustees, Samuel Irving, Andrew
McKair, John McLaren, Richard Gratto, James
S. Webster; board of relief, Joseph P.Coch
ran, John M. Duncan, James Kay; physician.
Dr. W. F. McNutt; chaplain, the Rev. William
Kirk Gutbrle.
MES. GRAY CONTESTS
HER MOTHER'S WILL
Takes New Tack in Her Fight to
Oust Former Husband as
Executor.
Margarpt E. Gray has taken a new tack
in her fiffht to oust her former husband.
George F. Gray, as administrator of the
will of her deceased mother, Millie H.
Webster.
Thoujrh Mrs. Gray and her children,
with the exception of a small annuity to
be paid decedent's sister, are named as
devisees and legatees of the entire estate
of the late Mrs. Webster, a contest to de
cedent's will was filed yesterday by Mrs
Gray. Mrs. Gray alleges that the testa
ment on record is not that of the deceased
hut Is a fictitious document. For this rea
son Mrs. Gray asks that the will be denied
admission to probate.
The fact that George F. Gray is named
as executor of the testament. It Is said
actuated Mrs. Gray's contest, for the en
tire estate will go'- to Mrs. Gray and her
children under the will on file In the same
form as though the? will was declared In
valid. Judge Troutt will hear the con
test. -. .i^ v :.,';r-
Francis Will Erect a Monument
; Over His Grave.
Union Square Hall was the scene last
night of an event of more than usual In
terest. JThe pupils and friends of the late
J. B. Francis, who was until his death
one of the prominent musicians and In •
structors of the city, assembled to pay
tribute to the memory of their teacher
and to contribute to- an entertainment
¦which was designed to pay the expense of
erecting a monument over the grave of
the musician. The hall was crowded and
the entertainment was In every way a
success.
The following programme was well ren
dered:
Chopin funeral njarch, Mandollnata. Club;
violin solo. Irvine • Low (Marcel Francis, ac
companist);-vocal polo fs<>lected), Charles El
kins Taylor: BPlectlon (Mozart symphony), op
chfstra; coon pppclaltles, Mrs. Davis; piano
solo, "Cascade de Rcees," Miss A. Robles;
vocal eolo, "II Troyatore." little Tessle Green
field; selection. Mandolin. Banjo and Guitar
Club (Professor Graeber); vocal solo,- Miss
Mabel Kearney; recitation (selected), F. Cook
Caldwell;/ piano solo, "Last Hope," Miss &
Brooks; vocal solo, Will O'Brien; piano duet,
Minces Georgia Pratt and Susie Brooks; comic
srccialtles, I. Levy; selection, Mandollnata
Club. ;
At the conclusion of the musical pro
gramme there was a dance. The enter
tainment was under the- direction of the
following committee: Miss A. Robles
Mrs. A. M. Back and Mrs. Robinson.
Pupils and Friends of the Late J. B.
MEMORIAL IN HONOR
OF A DEAD MUSICIAN
Ghosts of the Prehistoric World.
Academy of Sciences Hall was crowded
laj=t night by an audience called to listen
to a lecture on the Laramie Plateau by
; Professor Andrew C. Lawson of the Uni
vers'.ty of California. In popular vein the
lecturer traced the steps by which the
scientist presents to tho modern world
models of prehistoric animals. Aided by
stereopticon views the speaker carried his
hearers with him to the fields where th«
bones of beings that were are found.
Every stage in the presentation of the
strange counterfeits of the strange
creatures was described from the
discovery of the gigantic bones/their ship
ment to museums, their articulation and
their clothing. While the lecture was nec
essarily technical in part Its treatment
was sufficiently popular to interest. : »-¦,
The Ning Yung Koong See Association
at 25 "Waverly place-held its annual cele
bration last evening. The street In front
of the association headquarters was
ablaze with light, and from temporary
stands a Chinese orchestra dispensed
shrill and discordant music.
The front of the building was covered
with 600 colored electric lights and lan
terns. Yellow chrysanthemums constitut
ed the floral decorations on the balconies.
The celebration will continue for several
days.
¦; j . ¦ ¦ ? ¦
CHINESE ASSOCIATION"
HOLDS A CELEBRATION
Colored Lig-hts and Chrysanthemums
Decorate tho Headquarters of
the Ning Yung Tong.
J. A cellar is of the shape shown In the
diagram. AB is 20 feet CD and EF are
each 9 feet. GD Is 12 feet. AC is 27 feet.
The depth is 12 feet. Find the number of
cubic yards of earth removed.
Answers.
W 2320 cubic feet. (2) 736 cubic Inches
(3) 23.520 cubic feet. (4) 1728 cubic inches
(5) $306 18. (6) 1S.824. (7) 206 cubic yards.
VTJI. HOW TO CORRECT COMMON
BLTJNDEHS.
1. Walt on, wait for. Distinguish clearly
between these two phrases. To wait on
means to attend on. while to wait for
means to stop or delay for. It is incorrect
to say "Let us wait on the corner on
Will."
2. Stop, stay. To stop means to cease to
go forward, to leave off; to stay means to
abide, to tarry, to dwell. He may stay,
not stop, at home, at a hotel, with a
friend.
3. Heathy, wholesome. The first of these
two words is often improperly used for
the second. A man may be healthy, but
the focd he eats is said to be wholesome.
4. Decided, decisive. A decided opinion
is an opinion which Is strongly upon one
side- a decisive opinion is one that is final.
¦ 5. Brief, concise. An article Is brief
when it is merely short: it Is concise wh«o
it Is short and also condensed.
6. Apparent, obvious. Do «6t say "The
truth of that is apparent"; Use obvious or
evident. Apparent is the opposite of real;
obvious is the opposite of obscure.
7. Situation, site. Situation embraces all
the local aspects in which a thing is
placed; site is the actual ground selected
for location.
8. Sewage, sewerage. The former refers
to the contents of sewers; the latter to a
system ot sewers.
9. Majority, plurality. These words are
often confused. A man has the majority
of the votes when he has more than half
of the whole number cast; he has a plu
rality when his votes exceed those of any
other candidate. A plurality is not neces
sarily a majority when theie are more
than two candidates.
IX. HOW TO BECKON INTEREST.
Interest is a charge for the use of
money. The princiral is the sum for th»
use of which interest is charged. The rate
Is the per cent of the principal which Is
charged for its use for one year. Bv 6 per
cent interest we mean a charge of $6 per
year for every $100. Accurate Interest Is
reckoned on a basis of 365 days to the
year; business Interest is reckoned on a
basis of 361) days to the year. Legal in
terest is interest which is computed at
the rate per cent established by law. To
charge a higher rate ot interest than 13
allowed by law Is called usury, for which
penalties are imposed by tho laws of
nearly all the States. Debts of all kinds
draw Interest from the time they become
due. but not before unless so specified.
1 The following rules for reckoning accu
rate Interest can bo easily remembered:
1. Principal X Rate X Time in years
Divide by 100.
2. Principal X Rate X Time in months.
Divide by 1200.
8. Principal X Rate X Time In days.
Divide by 38.50).
Where possible the time should be In
dicated In years and fractions of a year,
or in months and fractions of a month.
For Instance. 2 years 6 months = 2H
j-ears: 3 years 9 months = 3*4 years; 4
months 13 days = ili months, etc To di
vide by 100 simply point off two decimal
places; to divide by 1200 point off two deci
mal places and divide by 12: to divide by
36.5C0 point off two decimal places and di
vide by 365. Sometimes the work can be
simplified by cancellation, as follows:
Find the interest on $2190 for S3 days at
5 per cent.
Thnma-s F. Graham, Thomas F. Dunne.
Davis Louderback and other candidates
addressed the meeting, which eloped with
three hearty cheers for the ticket and
Julius Kahn.
Great Audience Greets Republican
Candidates in Foisom Street
Armory Hall.
The Armory Hall at Second and Foisom
streets was the scene of a great Indorse
ment of the Republican ticket last night.
Every mention of McKinley, Roosevelt,
Kahn or the flag was a signal for pro
longed applause and the greatest enthusi
asm prevailed throughout.
The meeting was held by the Twenty
eighth District Republican Club and was
addressed by a number of prominent
Ft^akprs. Owing to some hitch the band
did not arrive on time, but Joseph Han
son sang cleverly and kept the crowd
laughing.
Thomas F. Bryant presided and Julius
Kahn ppoke. Mr. Kahn, in a short, pithy
speech, called attention to the necessity
or keeping a Congressman in office for
several consecutive terms, as that Is the
only way in which he can gain power in
tne House and become of much service to
his State. Mr. Kahn closed by urging the
support of the Republican ticket from top
to bottom.
SOUTH SIDE McXINLEYITES.
Note. — To get 12 days wa take one-fifth
of the interest for 60 «Says. To get 2 days
we take one-sixth of the interest for U
days.
Exercises for Practice.
Interest Is to be reckoned In each In
stance at S per cent. The principal and
time are given.
11. $243; IS days.
12. $520: 27 days.
13. $3fi8; 33 days.
14. $863; 37 days.
15. $1728; SO days.
16. $1260; 106 days.
17. $3426.30; 132 days.
IS. $1233.45: 127 days.
19. $9633.23; 143 days.
20. $7628.35; 214 days.
In a subsequent lesson we shall mtro
duce examples involving months and days
and different rates.
Answers.
(1) $140. (2) $207.90. (3) $238.31 (O $173.Sa.
(3) $210. (6) $27.80. (7> $2.95. ($) $13.«. (9)
$59.62. (10) $2S5.R5. (11) 74 cents. (12) $2.34.
(13) $2.02. (14) $3.32. (13) $23.04. (16) $23.23.
(17) $1S5.38. (IS) $2S.1L C13) $223.64. (»>
$272.08.
Note.— "We cut off two places to get th*
interest for 60 days. Now we keep adding
or subtracting until we get the required
number of days. One-third of $72.S4 or
J24.2S, is the interest for one-third of 60
days, or 20 days. One-quarter of CO Is S
and the Interest for 5 days is $6.07. We
need 2 days more. The interest for 20 days
Is $24.28. therefore for 2 days the interest
is one-tenth, or $2.43.
3. Find the interest on $1724. SO for IM
days at 6 per cent.
Fortieth , District Republicans cave a
ergjsd rally last night at Richmond Hall.
corner of Clement street and Fourth" ave
nue. A strong and active campaign has
been waged in the district and the work
er-s turned out- en masse to this, the last
meeting of the great struggle. I,ong be
fore the first speaker had been Introduced
every seat in the spacious hall was occu
pied and standing- room was at a pre
mium. Percy V. Long, nominee fox Jus
tice of the Peace; Hamilton A. Bauer, the
district's choice for Assemblyman, and A.
J. Dannenbaum, who has been touring the
State in the Interest of the Republican
party, spoke on campaign issues and set
forth reasons why California, and espe
cially San Francisco, should roll ud a
handsome majority for the retention of
the present administration In power I
G° lde n, George Fletcher, Davis Louder
back, Thomas F. Graham, Judge D J
Murphy and H. L. Joachimsen also spoke
«^ n < Sr 1 SSInan Ku^ene F. Loud was the
principal speaker of the evening. He was
given a hearty reception as he stepped
upon the platform and his speech was
sntn U f n "/Interrupted by applause. He
fir T^ hat t he cry of Imperialism" with
Ji»«i«S a ?£ te ? aS Ut . a P ha ntom. He
declared that the administration of the
nation s affairs under the guidance of
President McKinley and through tryine
times was better than had been ever be
fore given to the people, and was worthy
of appreciation The voters should show
that appreciation and return McKinley
and his party to power.
Mr. Loud contrasted the prosperous con
dition of to-day and that of the dull times
of 1893 to 1897 and rave the credit 'of the
bringing about of the change to the able
management of the Republican party
McKinley. he said, had brought us
through a great crisis and with such good
results that it was but just that any right
thinking people should show its approval
of his great achievement at the polls on
election day. ¦¦•-.*-:.¦?-•
Closing Rally in
Richmond a
Success.
Sunset District held its final Republican
rally of the season at Park View Hall
on Ninth avenue last evening. It was a
memorable occasion in the district, for a
squad of "rooters" put in an appearance
armed with gig-antic horns, with which
the points made by the speakers were
uproariously greeted. All the people in
the neighborhood were present. A huge
bonfire blazed In front of the hall all the
evening. Alfred P. SomervlUe presided
and made a strong appeal for the good of
the district. His remarks were generally
of a Ibcal application. He said that all
the Sunset District desired to be placed
In the Thirty-seventh Assembly District
and to abolish K street as a dividing line.
It was the hope of the people of the en
tire district that the coming- Legislature
would erlve the relief that was asked, and
he urged the people to attend to that mat
ter by exerting their influence with those
who should be elected from this city to
go to Sacramento. His remarks . were
loudly applauded. Senator Wolfe follow
ed. At the close of the speaking three
cheers were given for McKinley and the
entire Republican ticket.
Sunset Voters
Cheer for the
Ticket.
The speaker closed with an earnest ex
hortation to his hearers not to fail to
support -an administration which had
meant so much to the city's welfare.
Other speakers were Myron E. Wolf,
Davis Louderback, H. A. Melvin of Ala
meda, T. F. Dunne and the other candi
dates on the ticket.
"Where are the ships," asked Mr. Kahn,
"which four years ago were lying idle in
RIchardsons Bay? They are carrying
cargoes of American products to every
country under the sun, and the only ves
sels you see lying in the bay nowadays
are the ones which are waiting for wharf
room upon which to lay down their
freight."
Julius Kahn made a short speech, pref
acing his remarks by saying that he
thought a lengthy address would be out
of place at the present time. He reviewed
his work for the State in Congresa and
related an interview he had had with Sec
retary Hay, showing how the adminis
tration stood on the Chinese question.
"Mr. Kahn," said the Secretary to the
Congressman, "if you can get a bill past
the House to exclude Chinese from the
State I shall be glad to affix my signa
ture."
A rousing rally of the Republican Club
ot the Thirty-ninth District was held In
Saratoga Hall last night. E. G. Knapp
acted as chairman and the meeting was
addressed by many well-known orators
and candidates, all of whom were listened
to with attention and applause.
Saratoga Hall Is
Crowded for
Kahn.
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
IS CLOSED BRILLIANTLY
2. Fnd th» Interest on {7254 for 87 days
it 6 per cent.
the Fourth District, has tendered his ser
vices to the Painters* Union and on be
half of that body Mill present for the ac
tion of the Board of Supervisors and the
State Legislature a bill to regulate the
erection and maintenance of scaffolds for
the use of painters and other artisans on
buildings in course of erection.
A meeting of the Painters' Union was
held last evening and Congressman
Kahn's offer was presented for the con
sideration of th© members of the union. A
rising vote of thanks to the Congressman
was suggested and carried by the mem«
bers of the union. At the next meeting
of the Supervisors the members of the
union will be on hand to lend their In
fluence in aid of Mr. Kahn's efforts to
pass an ordinance which will protect them
and their families.
The bill Is for the purpose of regulating
the maintenance of scaffolds and holding
the parties erecting the same responsible
for accidents which may occur to their
employes owing to any defects in the
same. Within the last year the union
has buried fifteen members, has cared for
four, who are now in the hospital, and
has supported two members who now
wear steel jackets to protect their spines,
all injured in accidents caused by defec
tive scaffolds. In no case, the union al
leges, has the employer of a killed or
maimed member of the union seen fit to
contribute toward his family's relief
The proposed law Is therefore Intended
to insure protection to the families of the
dead or maimed in analogous cases
The law for the protection of those
forced to work on scaffolds will be framed
after that now in force In Xew York City.
Supervisors Will Be Asked to Regu
late the Erection and Mainte
nance of Scaffolds.
Julius Kahn, candidate for Congress in
CONGRESSMAN KAHN WIXI.
PRESENT PAINTERS' BILL
But while the patrolmen are swearing
under their breath the heads of the de
partment are openly and aggressively
violent \n their treatment of the English
language, for the voluminous reports on
unllghterj street lamps have swamped the
clerical Jforce at headquarters, and that
THE patrolmen of the San Fran
cisco police force have attained
a unique distinction as street
lamp census takers,' but they are
not prbud of their accomplish
ment. They would like ' to know just
what was responsible for the order that
transformed them from the time being
Into Btargazers and pencil-pushers. It
will take them a month to get their fin
gers free from cramps and learn to keep
their eyes from turning skyward.
XO ITNLIGHTED LAMP ESCAPES THE EAGLE EYES OF THE "COPPERS " BUT THEY OVERLOOK THE FACT
THAT IT IS AN "OFF" NIGHT AND THAT THE MOON IS DOING THE ILLUMINATING WORK OF THE GAS
COMPANY. #
the other two sides are equal and the two
ends are equal.
There are three dimensions In cubic
measure— length, breadth and thickness.
If these three dimensions are expressed in
the same terms their product will be the
volume. If expressed in inches their
product will be cubic Inches. If expressed
in feet their product will be cubic feet.
If a room is 12 feet long. 8 feet wide and
10 f,eet high it will contain (12x8X10=:960>
M0 cubic feet of air.
Exercises for Practice.
1. How many cubic feet of earth were
removed In digging a cellar 20 feet long. 18
feet wide and 7 feet deep?
2. How many cubic inches in a rectan
gular block of stone 1 foot long, 9 inches
wide and 7 inches thick?
3. How many cubic feet of air in a room
42 feet long, 28 feet wide and 20 feet high?
4. A box is 2 feet square and 3 inches
deep. How many inch cubes will it con
tain?
o. A cellar is to be 81 feet long, €3 feet
wide and 9 feet deep. How much will it
cost to dip it at IS cents a cubic yard?
6. A block of marble is 4 feet long, 2 feet
wide and 1 foot thick. How many cubic
inches does it contain?
J. I>. SuUlran. Thclan-Democratic nom
:r><=^ for th^ Assembly in the Thirty-first
JMMrirt. [a pncieavorinp to break tho force
< f tho f-fatf-mc nt is«uf>d by the longshore
J.umhcrmr-n'p Association. He was de-
Jiiun<"e<j by tiip society as an enemy of
orR-anJr.t-d labar. He is at th's late hour
parking to j.nrure a ftatemen* to the of
i>ct that signatures to the official con-
A copy nf the official ordinance as re
ceived from the Beard of Election. Com
missioners does not contain the words,
viz.. ••Hrxintr. tu* of war and wrestling
only." Consequently the purported copy
of th* ordinance as circulated by tht pool
p-llrrs cives a false record of {he official
• •rriinftnof.
An ordinance of tho City and County of San
Franciwo licensing and rr-ffulattng the busi
: "> <f ixx.lw'.Iing; on contests between men.
y.z... boxin, tu* of war H.n-1 wrestling only.
ORDINANCE
The pooiseller? are sending around a
T'jrrtortcd ropy «f the proposed poolsell
• ng ordinance to be voted upon at the
«!f-ction to-morrow, xvith the following
heading:
A discreditable fight is being waged
sgainst Frank D. Macbeth, Republican
nominee for the Assembly in the Thirty
rinth District. A circular headed "Appeal
to voters" and purporting to be issued by
ihe Central Republican Club is being cir
culated evidently in the interest ot the
Phf Ian-Kay nominee for the Legislature.
Nathan Bibo and other leading: members
<<f the Central Club have sigmed a state
ment declaring that the circular was not
iFsurd by or for the club. They denounce
the circular as a 'fraud, got up for the
Vurpose of injurinc the Republican nom
• n«- for the Legislature.
At the clubs betting was even that Mc-
Ivinley's majority in California would
i each aa/XKL
Several Email wagers on th© result of
the election were laid in this State yester
day. Word was received from Redding
that the fum of J3W) Bryan money was
there, to be wagered against $5<>X> McKin
ley money that Bryan would be elected.
Colonel Stone, chairman of the Republican
fSiate Committee, made the fact known
.. i . ti.f vL^ff n wu reuii!i> accepted.
News came from Placerville that the
turn of ROM was there to be wagered that
iloKinley's plurality in California would
not exceed 7500. Money was wired forth
with to cover the amount offered.
Kx-United States Senator A, P. Wil
liams arrived in the city last evening frem
tne East. He registered for this election
before leaving California for a visit in
Maine. He rtturns now to vote for Mc-
Kinley and Pujosevelt. On the way across
the continent he met but one Bryan man
amijng his fellow travelers. He is confl
uent that Ntw York will give a pluralitv
cf lOOAO for McKinley, and he is almost
convinced that Nebraska will join the Re
publican column.
Colonel Stone, Senator Cutter and J.
Eteppacher of the Republican State Com
dltte-e are confident that S. D. Woods and
J. C. >.eedham, party nominees for Con
gress in the Second and Seventh districts
i esj>ecuvely, will ¦win out, but they are
not unmiccful cf the fact that the Demo
crats ure bendlug all the energies of the
Bryan organization to elect toproul and
Crichtoa.
ilacy youc£ men from the interior who
sxe enrolled as students in educational in
eUtuuons of San Francisco and vldnlty
hs.ve gone home to vote. Special pressure
vas exerted to Induce all registered Re
publican voters in the Second and Seventh
Congressional districts to make the Jour
r.ey to their respective homes.
la response to the call for volunteers to
¦watch the count to-night many young men
viGlted the headquarters of the Republi
can State Committee yesterday and vol
untarily enlisted for the service required.
Th« duty of watching will begin at 5
o'clock this evecir-c. Additional volunteers
are needed, as th© count in every precinct
ehould be observed. Republicans willing
to serve should report at State headquar
ters, Palace Hotel, to-day before the polls
close.
The polls open at 6 a. m. and close at 5
p. m. to-day. Republicans are advised to
rote early, if possible before going to
*rork. After voting efforts should be made
to induce others to vote.
Percy V. Long.
The foregoing is The Call's list, except
ing that the name of T. I. Fitzpatrick is
omitted and that of G. C. Groezinger In
serted.
The AJmshouse is in the Eighteenth Pre
cinct of the Thirty-sixth Assembly Dis
trict. It is reported that 2G0 of the pa
tients are registered in that precinct. Re
publican nominees should pay attention
to this precinct. There is no telling what
may be done under civil service as admin
istered by Phelan and Fay.
The Merchants'. Butchers' and Grocers'
Protective Association entertains an opin
ion similar to that expressed in The Call
regarding the merits of the candidates for
Superior Judge. The association indorses:
James V. Coffey.
William R. Daingerfleld."
"William P. Lawlor.
M. C. Sloss.
Frank H. Kerrigan.
The indorsed candidate? for Justice of
the Peace are:
John R. Daniels.
Thomas F. Dunn.
G. C. Groezinger.
H. L. Joachimsen.
John J. Hourigan, Republican nominee
for the Assembly In the Thirty-first, has
no trouble with the workingmen. His
record as a friend of labor is straight and
clear.
demnation of his course were not properly
attested.
LAST night The Call received authentic information that railroad
money has been thrown into the fight to defeat C. M. Belshaw for
the State Senate in the Eleventh Senatorial District, and to elect
H. C. Dibble in the Forty-fir** Assembly District. Indications point
; to W. F. Herrln as the chief diFbur<<- >•» agent and to Jere Burke as
. the Back bearer J.n Contra Costa County. Prominent men went to W. F. Her
• Tin 1 * offlce o:i iirpcrtant business yesterday, but did not find him there and
• could not ascertain his whereabouts. Three railroad men in Pinole and rail
| road men In other parts of Contra Costa County are freely spending money
! of the corporation to debauch the voters. Sir. Belshaw, serving in the As
. sembly aa the representative of the people, refused to take orders from the
• Southern Pacific agents. The decree has gone forth from the political bureau
• cf the corporation to defeat him. It is reported that a corruption fund of $20,
" 000 Is to be raised in the Eleventh Senatorial District.
• The Call's Information is to the effect that the sum of $2300 was sent into
. the Forty-first District yesterday to help elect Dibble. In the Legislature Dlb
• bl« was the faithful servant of the corporation. The company needs his ser
• vices again In recUstricting the State. It is the duty of Republicans and all
' other good citizens to defeat Dibble. The cafe plan is to vote for Oscar Sutro.
) It U «unnlsed that Herrin has established secret campaign headquarters
, la th* Palacs Hotel or Crocker building.
ure (1) rectangles, (2) triangles. (3> circles.
These measurements all relate to surfaces.
We shall now proceed to measure simple
rectangular solids;, to measure volume—
that is, the number of cubic inches or of
cubic feet or of cubic yards in certain reg
ular solids. Solids, however, is nardly the
correct term; for we may want to meas
ure the number of cubic feet of gas in a
tank, or the number of cubic feet of air
in a room, or of water in a reservoir.
A rectangular solid' is a square-shaped
solid, one having six sides each of which
is a rectangle, and the opposite sides or
ends of which are alike in size. For in
stance, in the accompanying figure the
side ABCD is equal to the side GEFH, and
We have already learned how to meas-
VII. HOW TO MEASUKE VOLUME,
6 months and 19 clays, find the Interest for
each separately and then add the results.
Exercises for Practice.
1. Find the interest on $1400 for two
years at 5 per cent.
2. Find the interest on $1260 for thrao
years at 5U per cent.
3. Find the interest on JS44 for four
years at 7 per ctnt.
4. Find the interest on $721 50 for six
years at 4 per cent.
5. Find the interest on $1000 for thr*-3
and a half years at S per cent.
6. Find the interest on $720 for nine
months at 7 per cent.
7. Find the interest on JS372 40 on two
days at 6 per cent.
S. Find the interest on $CS3 20 for ona
year two months 12 days at 4 per cent.
9. Find the Interest on $421 70 for three
years three months nineteen day3 at 5
per cent.
10. Find "the Interest on $1200 for threa
years eleven months twenty days at 6
per cent.
We shall now tab© up what Is known
as business interest, which is reckoned
upon a basis of 3(50 days to the year.
By dropping the five days we get an
even multiple of 12, or 20 days for a
month, and It is upon this basi3 that th»
interest la considered.
Suppose that it is reculred to find the
Interest on $4500 for 60 days at 8 per cent.
The work would appear as follows if we
substitute 360 for 3t»:
4C00X60X6
360X100 =$45.00
The Interest is $45. or one-hundredth of
the principal. Then, to find the interest
upon any sum of money at 6 per cent for
60 c'ays simply divido the principal by
100— that is, cut off two decimal placea.
At 6 per cent for SO days the Interest on
51234.00 = $12.34.
&J2.70 =: 9. S3.
SbM.02= S6.91.
When we know the interest for 60 days
we can easily find the Interest for any
number of days: and If we know the in
terest at 6 per cent we can easily find the
Interest at 7 per cent by adding one-aixih.
at/5 per cent by subtracting one-sixth, at
7*i per cent by adding one-quarter, and
so on.
Note the following Illustrations:
1. Find the Interest on $21^0 for three
Copyright, -1900, by Seymour Eaton.
-* .
NIGHT SCHOOL COURSE.
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS,
Railroad Money in the Forty-
First District to Help
Elect Dibble.
Fundbf Twenty Thousand Dol
lars to Corruptly Defeat
Belshaw.
VOTERS URGED TO
GO EARLY TO VOTE
MOON, OVERLOOKED,
LAUGHS AT POLICE
Patrolmen's Efforts to Keep Tab
on Unlighted. Street Lamps
-; Make Trouble.
Fill Headquarters With Reports
and Breasts of Superiors
With Wrath.
• To find. the accurate interest for years,
months and days, as, for instance, 4 years I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL , TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
AD V ±UbtTIS K M KiN IS.
soap i? not only the best
in all the world for toilet
and bath but also for shav-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor, of shaving stick
soap. .
All sorts of people uae Pears' soap, all sorts
el store* sell it, especially druggists.
Judge William P. Lawlor's career upon
the bench demonstrates that he should be
kejjt tber*, . . . •
At a recent voting contest it was unanimous-
ly decided that there was nothlne better on
earth than tho "American" clear Havana cl»ar.»
The nation that produces the most mar-
riages la fascl-nation.
"My nerves, which were complete'y
shattered thre« months age, are now
t-tronp and steady, and I do not tire eas-
lljr, though I go to bed an hour later on
;-n average than formerly, and have In- j
creased my capacity at the machine fully
x wo columns of type a nay. I am con- I
vlnced that Grap--Nuts food is the food )
for persons of sedentary occupation, es-
r-Tlally for those who work with brain
In lieu of brawn." Cha*. H. Eckhard, 177
N. Chambers street. G&leeburc. IlL
One of th*5* workers say*: "I have
been st th<» linotype three years. It has
msijc a Treat cha-nge in my once robust
liT.lth. About three months ago, after
long expecting: It. I completely collapsed,
from Indigestion and extreme nervous-
ness. The dally physic I have not dared
to omit for year*, now and then, refused
relief and a physician was consulted.
** *Cha.ng* of occupation and diet," read
the prescription, 'advise eating Grape-
Nuts food twice dally.' I had often FCt
up the advertisements of the Postum
< "<-real Co.. but somehow printers are
spt to think advertisements are not In-
tended for thrm to make use of. I could
not well change my occupation, but did
rhange my diet.
"Sinre then have used Grape-Nuts, I
both at breakfast and supper, daily. The !
results are truly remarkable. The first!
perceptible change was In the matter of
digestion. It has been six weeks since I
huve had to swallow an aperient of any
kind. At th*> beginning of my experiment
with Grape-Nuts I weighed 124 pounds;
2ast evening I tipped the beam at 157»4.
printing omre i« vory exacting, particu-
larly 5f he runs a linotype or typ*»«;r>tting
rnachine-. It requires the closest, atten-
tkn and rapid and Fympath^tic action of
both brain and hand. This machine
works mtich like a typewriter. Such
v.orkerp fed r>n ordinnry food give up be-
cause of nrrvnu.« prostration, pome In a
rhort time, and some are able to stand It
loiter.
The wnrk of .1 typrsettrr In a modern
Said to Be Hard on Operators.
MACHINE TYPE SETTERS
GRAPE-NUTS.
Sir Rudolph Slatin in an Interview with
a Vienna paper said that only after the
complete subjugation and pacification of
the Sudan could -missionaries be allowed
to go among the heathen races.
Th« h*st evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found in the continued
patronage of thos* who on some previous
occasion have mad* them th*ir headquar-
ters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway *nd
operated under one management oa tk*
American and European plans.
PALACE AND
GRANDHOTELSl»*r of transaction* for cash and the small
concessions from the ruling prices at which
tbe»se were quoted. The condition In the money
trarket was of course responsible for thin.
AVhen the rates for money fell away to 10
r>er cent apaln the speculators very promptly
•vailed themselves of the rtsjurces offered and
rushed prWs up to the top level of the day.
The trtrenglh In the market was very general
end on the whole quite uniform*
Quite a large business was done In bonds
and prices were well maintained. Total eales,
psr value. fL315,2f<j.
United f.a-.es new 4s advanced »» and the
jjerlod of i-onteinplatlon. A conspicuous feature
cf the market al this time was the large num-
NE1V YORK. Nov. 5.— There was a very
ardent Fpecuiative spirit manifest In the stock
markft a'l day. It was repressed at times by
the difficulty of securing accommodation In
the lean market, but before the day haii closed
the market had burn Into Ki»*at animation,
after following a if-lapse in the call loan rate
end ihe activity continued to the close, nearly
Ignoring a recovery In the money rate. Taking
of quick profits by room-traders, made some
1 ... ' ¦ inurescion on prices here and there, but
thi? la*t |>ri'.H-8 wore p«nera!ly very near the
top. The filing in Wall street this morning
was that Friday's jump in the call loan had
been due to manipulation, that Saturdays
bank Hats-mrnt did not truly represent the
available resources of the banks and In short
that all usually tru*tworthy indications of a
jiincii in the money market were misleading
and artlScLa.1. It »ae in thlB spirit that
»;<cu!aiors rushed to buy stocks at the open
ing. They raised prices from 1 to I 1 * points
above {Saturday's level in a large number «>f
prominent stocks within a few minutes. Thea
beyan the calling of loans by tome of the
!••»!.! s Ixians made to-day carry over unth
Wednesday, and when circulators began Co
look about to find new accommodations with
ivhlcli to carr>- their holding of stock over
election day they ran the call loan rate up
raridly to 'Si jt-r eer.t. The first loans were
tr.aoe at 20 per cent. One broker placed $L
4%,<X* at that rate, another million at li. and
iinolhe.r demanded 2i per cent ror a million
wore. This suddenly checked the animation
cf th* stock trjirket and was followed by a
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bay Co P Co.. 102% —
Cal-st Cab 5s.. US** —
i' C \Vat»r 5s..l*r7Vi —
Ed L & P 6s. 130 —
*" & Cl Ky 6».. — —
Geary-st R 5s. — —
H C & S 514s.. - -
Do 5s 100H —
L A R 5s 107 —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103
Do gtnd 6s... — —
L A gntd 5s.. — ,101H
L A P R R 5s. — 102',i
Market-st 6s.. 128% —
Do 1st M Ba.-llS^lia'A
N C N G R 7s.H0 114
N R of Cal 6s.U3 -
Do 5s 117 —
N P C R R Gs.101 —
Do 5s 107H107%
N Cal Ry 5s.. 111% —
Oak <; L & 11.110 —
Oak Tran 6s..ll6%117ti
Oak Water Ss. 103^4 —
Oceanic SS 6s.lO3H —
Om C Ry «s.. 127^*123
lac ti Imp 4s.lv2 —
P i Q Ry Ss.105 —
P & O R It 6s.U5H —
Powell-st R Ks. — —
Sac E G&R 5s. 9S\100
S F & SJV 6s.llS»i —
S R of Cal 6a.. — 113
S P of A RS...112HH3
S P ofC6s(1906)
(Series A)... 108 —
Do' (Series B)10S?» —
Do (1906) 109^,110
Do (1912) ...11SH —
S P R 1st g 5s. 105 10«
S P R 6a 129H131
S V Water 63.113^ —
Do 4s 102 102t^
Dr 3d mtffe.102 10r,*
Stktn Gas 6s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69VS 69% Spring Valley. 93»4 9331
Mann County.. 51}» —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&PCo ST4 5 (Pac L Co - 45
Eqult C L Co. iM 3%JStc El G&RCo 33 40
Mutual El Co. — 10 S F G & E 61% 52
O G L & H 49«4 — San Francisco. — &
Pac Gas Imp. 52 52% Stkn li * E Co — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 225 230 /
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 72'» First NationI..2M 300
Hank ot Cal.4«8«4 — Lon P & A 133 —
Cal S D & T.104 105V4 Merchants' Ex IS IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1900 , Sav 4 L So... — SI
Hum S & L.. — — ! Sec Sav Bk... — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 61 — 1 Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U....515 — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 124 — O S L & H S« —
Ceary-st — — Presidio 17 23
Market-st 67t* 6S*i
POWDEK STOCKS.
California — 16O Vigorlt 1% 3%
Giant Con Co. 84 —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7^4 Kllauea 8 Co. — tl>
Haw C & S Co S4Vi STVsi Makawell S Co 42>4 42VJ
Honokaa S Co. 30* 4 — Onomea S Co. 2S\ 2}\ 4 ,
Hutch S P Co. 25V, 26 Paahau S Co. 31 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.124 124ft Pac A F A... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn.102 — Pac C Uor Co. — 152
Hi«?r Ki A»»n.. »l 100 Par Paint Co. 124 —
Oceanic S Co.. — 93 i
Morning Session.
Board—
60 Equitable Gas g gjti
f,0 Honokaa Sugar Co 30 -j *
35 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 75
10 Oakland Gas 4; » 73
150 Paauhau S P Co 31 qq
70 Spring Valley Water 93 30
Street—
50 Paauhau S P Co 3100
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association yn J714
10 Alaska Packers' Association 121 25
5 Giant Powder Con gj qq
22 Geary Street 33 00
2^ Makawell Sugar Co 42 CO
SO Makawell Sugar Co 42 25
£0 Makawell Sugar Co j 4*
JKKJO Omnibus Cable Bonds 1""7 50
$MO N P C R R as fa
U0 Paauhau 8 P Co $ x ($
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 87U
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 5* &>
Street—
E0 Giant Powder Con • 81 w
35 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar «4 25
200 Hutchlnson S P Co " & E X
27 S F Gas & Electric Co jj SJ ij
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHAXGE. '
Morning Session.
Hoard —
lf,0 Home Oil 4 ,
500 Independence, b 30 K
IOC' McKittrick Consolidated '" 40
250 Petroleum Center - 2 l
9 Tv enty-eight 2M
100 Yukon grt
Street—
CO Twenty-eight ..5
230 Petroleum Center oV
200 San Joaquin Oil & Dev. b 60 '.'.[' 9 jo
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1C^ California-Standard «»
lW El Dcrado •> ,-
U> Home Oil 7^
10 Kern River !'.!!'.!!"l7 50
i't00 Monarch of Arizona '""" 3^
700 Petroleum Center •-•--.. »
100 Petroleum Center ....*".""."" 23
10 San Joaquin Oil & Development..." 9 3"«-i
IOO Sterling O & D Co " 2 Xo
Street—
CCfl Petroleum Center jj
100 San Joaquin Oil & Development!! '.'.'.'.' D 25
£0 Hcrae Oil 450
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Hid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..-115Vill6 4s do cp (new).134Vil35
4s do reg 115^116 |3s do coup lC.9i3U.OVi
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MONDAY. Not. 6—2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND . BOND EXCHANGE.
There was not much doing on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange and prices stood
about the same.
The oil stocks were quieter and without
much fluctuation. There will ba no sessions
of. the exchanges to-day.
In . the afternoon Makawell advanced to
$42 3714.
The Onomea Sugar Company paid a dividend
of 25 cents and Pacific Lighting cne ot 30 cents
yesterday.
The Paauhua Sugar Company will pay a
dividend of 30 cents, the Pacific Gaa Improve
ment Company a dividend of 30 cents and the
San Jot<e Water Company a dividend ot 50
cents, all on the 10th.
old 4s declined H per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
6old. Stocks— bid.
230 Atchison 33H
€5 Atchlson prefd 75^i
17.5S-2 Baltimore & Ohio 76V 4
2.£M Canadian Pacific 87
1,100 Canada Southern li
602 Central Pacific —
Chesapeake & Ohio 31
4.670 Chicago CJreat Western 12 1 *
467 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 129>»
7,L'S0 Chicago, Ind. & Louis 21
Chicago, Ind. & Louis prefd 55
Chicago Az East Illinois "Jl
:•'•') Chicago & Northwestern 163'i
2.3M Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific IVt'n
v:o C. C. C. & St. Louis C3U
300 Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 37
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 13
100 Delaware & Hudson ..Ill
210 Delaware, Laokswana & Western. 176
300 Denver & Rio Grande 20',;
8W Denver & Rio Grande preJJ 71
100 Erie ]2»i
Erie 1st prefd K3Vi
l.Wio Oreat Northern prefd 153
2>W Hocking Coal Kl
Ell) Hocking Valley 36?$
X.2M liliuuis Central 119Vi
10 J Iowa Central 18>*
200 Iowa Central prefd 41
510 Lake Erie Jt Western 35V»
Lake Erie & Western prefd 103
Lake Shore. 210 1 ,*
4,665 Louisville & Nashville 77
6&0 Manhattan L 97$;
1.593 Metropolitan Street Ry 153V»
11.651) .Mexican Central 13 1 -*
».") Minn. & St. Louis 5S
200 Minn. & St. Louis prefd 97H
7.92U Missouri Pacific 57
2VO Mobile & Oh!o 41
Missouri. Kansas & Texas ll»i
5.S30 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 3i»»
1,224 New Jersey Central loo'-j
1.5&9 New York Central 133
2.000 Norfolk & Western 37V*
iOO Norfolk & Western prefd 76Vi
7.675 Northern Pacific 55»»
2,237 Northern Pacific prefd 73Vj
2,1S) Ontario & Western 22U
Oregon Ry. & Nav 42
Oregon Ry. & Nav. prefd 76
12.S49 Pennsylvania 133H
2.31'0 Reading lSVi
5,520 Reading 1st prefd oSV*
750 Reading 2<i prefd 2SU
Rio Grande Western 50
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
5<» St. L. & San Francisco 12
100 St. L. & San Francisco 1st prefd. CS
6M St. L. & San Francisco 2d prefd.. 37
200 St. Louis Southwestern 14^
2.075 St. Louis Southwestern prefd 2l!*»
6.550 St. Paul 117
St. Paul prefd 172
St. Paul & Omaha 112
24,350 Southern Pacific Zi\
6.360 Southern Railway 13»»
3.27S Southern Railway prefd 57>-i
1.220 Texas & Pacific 17'i
26,125 T'nion Pacific 63»ji
3,144 Union Pacific prefd 76H
330 Wabash 7 14
LCS8 Wabash prefd 1SH
430 Wheeling &. L. E 9%
900 Wheeling 4c L. E 25';
300 Wisconsin Central 13Vj
Third Avenue 107
Express companies—
Adams 131
American , 155
United States 48
Wells-Fargo 127
Miscellaneous —
250 American Cotton OH 36
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
£00 American Malting 5't
400 American Malting prefd 24*4
4.K.0 American Smelting & Refin 4314
1,273 American Bmtllliiz & Renn prefd.. M94
American Spirits lVj
Airericaj. Si irils prefd 17
200 American Sioci Hoop 24H
300 American frteel Hoop prefd 74r»
12.SE0 American Red & Wire 36^4,
3,040 American Sttel & Wire prefd 76*i
1.280 American Tin Flate 341*
££.5 Amor:cai T'li Plate prefd S>3
10,030 American Tobacco 9i3«
American Tobacco' prefd 130
2.5R0 Anaconda Mining Co 47H
13.<j00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 61*i
2.110 Colorado Fuel & Iron 40T»
6.7.-.5 Continental Tobacco £?',*
1,615 Continental Tobacco prerd hl'i
1S.S&S Federal Steel 40~>,
1.S54 Federal S.-el pr»'d 63'i
610 General Electric 142l£
1.3iX> Olucofie Sugar o4
300 Glucose Sugar prefd * 100
J20 International Paper 21
400 International Piper prefd fSV*
100 Laclede Gas 6i
1.050 National Biscuit 36T4
National Biscuit prefd S9^i
470 National I^ead 20
National I/ead prefd 91
l,£10 Nstlonal Steel 20^4
hbO National Steel prefd S9
200 New York Air Drake 123
440 North American 15%
Pnclflc Coast 56
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
8.S80 Pacific Mail 44
3,300 People's Gas 9414
1.FS0 Pressed Fteel Car 43
fcSO Pressed Steel Car prefd S3v4
Pullman Palace Car 1SS
100 Standard Rope & Twine 5
25.000 Supar 126%
25C Susar prefd U6
4.720 Ter.neFsec Coal & Iron E6V4
4.S00 I'r.lted States Leather l2-»»
1.220 United States leather prefd 72
1.669 United States Rubber 32
*'/0 United States Rubber prefd 95*4
13o Western Union 80V4
2.010 Republic Iron & Steel Co M%
1.30S Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd ESU
P C" C & St Louis 52
442,500 Shares sold.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The week opened with receipts of five cars
of Eastern Poultry, and domestic stock was
demoralized In consequence of this flood. The.
Eastern stock sold at $4 60@5 for Hens. $5 for
young Roosters. $4 60 for old Roosters, $2 50®3
Poultry and Game,
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3G6c per lb'
String Beans, 3<?T7c; Llmas, 3@4c per lb; Cab
bage, $1; Tomatoes. 20<f?S5c; Egg Plant
35©50c per box; Green Okra. 35<S?G0c; Green Fep
pers, 25<g50c per box for Chill and 40@50c for
Bell; Dried Peppers, lOjHSc; Carrots, 2Sifi35c
per sack: Summer Squash, 85c@$l for Alameda-
Cucumbers, 40<g65c for. Alameda; Pickles, $1 50
per box for No. 1 and $1 for No. 2; Garlic,
4@5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $7@10 per ton.
POTATOES— River Reds. 70@S0c; Burbanks
2D650c for Rivers and S5c@$l 15 per ctl for
Salinas and W<590c for Oregon; Sweets, 50ijJC5c
for Rivers and S5@30c for Merced. . > ,.«
ONIONS— 73c<fr$l 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions,
40<fj50c rer sack. .' «.-s-;
Prices for almost everything remain un
changed. Los Angeles Green Peas and
String Beans sell within the quotations. Sweet
Potatoes are steady, as receipts are not exces
sive. Onions are firm at the recent advance.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 25^2 40: Canary,
3^4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9®9Vie: Rape, 2^@3c; Hemp, 4®4V4c;
Timothy. 4®4V4c
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $1 60@2: Green, $1 80(3
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 60<gl 75.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90#3: Small White. $4®
4 05; Large White, $3 10<53 25: Pink, $2@2 15;
Red, $3'8'3 25: niackeye, $2 90©3 10; Lima. $5 20
©5 25: Pea, $4fj4 25: Red- Kidneys, $3 7504.
Receipts of Beans continue heavy, the week
starting off with 17.C96 sacks, but the market
Is still quoted firm by the trade. Whites con
tinue firmer than colored descriptions, the lat
ter belnc in larger supply.
Arrival of 3502 nicks Flaxseed from Washing
ton.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15 f.0316 60
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; job
bing ?28 CO; Cocoanut Cake, $17(318; Corn Meal.
S2Cf7 27; Cracked Corn, $20 50<ff27 50; Mixed Feed,
$15<fh6.
HAY — Volunteer, to®*: Wheat, $11^13 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10(5512 CO: Oat. WQU 50;
Clover. $5@7; Alfalfa, $6 50®S 50; Barley. $7@
9 per ton.
STRAW- 35^450 per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $16 COJftt B0 per ton
BItAN—
$14ti 15 per ton.
Prices for Hay and FeedstufTs remain un
cl'anged. The decline In Bran has apparently
been arrested, for the moment at least. Hay
Is fairly steady.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lcws, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flcur $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, 52 50; Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal, S2 75;
extra lCream do. $3 50; Oat Grpats, S4 50: Hom
iny, $3 W>S3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4(fc4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). J6@
7 25; In sacks, $5 75<fJ7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, S3 60®
3 75. usual terms; Baiters' Extras, $3 40®3 50;
Oregon and Washington, J2 75®3 10 per bbl for
family and S3 15®3 E0 for bakers'; Eastern,
J4 75*35 73 per bbl. .
Flour and Alii Is tuffs.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 "5® 2 per ctl.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The market continues quiet, but
values are as firm as ever. Offerings are
moderate.
White. $1 Zl<3\ SO; Surprise, $1 45@1 65: Red.
$1 15® 1 25 for feed and $1 25@1 40 for seed;
Gray. 11 23<31 S5; Black.- for feed, $1 12V4@1 20;
for seed, $1 22»~ / gl 32',* per ctl.
CORN— Offerings on 'Change are small, as
ai rivals f?o at once Into consumption. Eastern
>*-llow. $1 22>V, white, $1 22V4: Eastern mixed.
Jl 2001 22H per ctl.
RYE — Continues dull and weak at 87V409OC
per Ctl.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— 10,000
ctlB. $1 C6*i: S00O. Jl O6T4.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, fl.
Kegular Horning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 vfl; 4000, $107',i; December— 2000, |1 OOH;
4000. $1 00U.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, Jl ViM.
BARLEY — Uules firm at last week's advance,
though the demand Is quieter and limited to
the best grades of Feed, there being no call
for brewing or shipping grades.
Feed, 77'4c for choice bright. 72H@?3c for No.
1 and 6o@70c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, S0?jS3e; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull and largely
nominal on the spot at 41s 3d, usual options.
The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a regis
tered tonnage of 42,127, against 57,900 tons on
the same date last year; disengaged, 10.S0O
tons, against 3SO0; on the way to this port,
132.000 tons, against 192.70O.
WHEAT — Liverpool advanced. Paris declined.
New York was higher and Chicago firmer on.
better foreign cables. At the latter point there
was moderate activity, principally local. The
American visible supply increased 161,000 bush
els.
The week's shipments In quarters were as
follows: Russian, 2S1.000; Danublan, 70,000;
Argentine, E3.C00; Australian, 42,000.
The San Francisco market was higher, both
on and off call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 9S%c; Milling. |1®
1 02H per ctL
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $1 S1'4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83^ 4
Sterling Cables — 4 S5
New York Kxchanpe, sight — 6
New York Exchange, telegraphic — "Vj
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64 1 i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 6&4 <8 61
Exchange and Bullion.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 5-5 p. m.
Ttie following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
\It. Tamalrais 67ILoa Angeles SO
Indep^ndtnce 70 ?acramento 70
Red Bluff 72 San Luis Oblspo 72
Fresno SO ?an Diegro 76
Han Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 4*; mean. 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly during the
pan twn.ty-four hours over Northern Wash
ington and Vancouver Island. It has remained
nearly stationary over the central portion O f
the 1'acine hlor*.
The t«ir.j>erature continues from 5 to 10 de-
Freeg above the normal throughout the greater
jio»tlon <-f California.
The wep.thcr is generally cloudy over Utah,
JCovada and Centra] California. No rain has
fallen on the I'aciSc elope during the past
twenty-four hours.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy weather
Tuff lay over the Pacific Flope north of Point
Conception.
Torccaj-t made at Ban Francisco for thirty
Jioun> endinp midnight N"ox-ember 6:
Northern California — f"lou<1.v Tuesday, pospl
bly ligl.t s!io»ers Tuesday night; light south
erly triads,
Sourh^m California— Fair Tuesday light
»unri> winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday.
V'teh— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Frar.cisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday;
rw-ssilily lie-lit showers Tur>!«<iay night; light
southeast wind.
ALEXANDKR O. McADIE.
I^ocai Forecast Official.
(120th Meri-iip.r.-Paclflc Time.)
Weather Report.
"Dates are in goM demand, and figs are go
ing out to the trade fairly well. Some little
demand is noted for California fruits also. Ap
j>ies are quieter, both en Ejot and for future
delivery- The market for JCuvember Is easier."
tept in a email jobbing way. Three-crown and
four-crowa loose are offered freely under open-
Ing prices. Two-crown are holding their own.
but sa-fdless Sultanas can be bought under the
first quotation*, and sale? of perdless Muscatels
«.re r>;> :rte<i at the (Turning figures. Prunes are
very 'iuiet oa the spot. th«re heing only a email
Jobbing business. Sfw go<»is from the coast
ar? t^ir.R offered at cuts of frrwn 4^ 7 jc under
the acsjoiaticn prices. The Miuatlon on the
criast is helnr watched closely In the hope the
association will be able to do something to
brace the market. In the face of the enormous
crop and the almost complete lack of export
demand, however, the outlook is not considered
particularly roseate.' The trade Is much Inter
ested in the reports from the coast that the
Rssooiaticn is buying outside prunes In the
Santa (Jlara Valley, and that it will guarantee
Cloning pnets. This course will undoubtedly
produce a much better feeling In the spot
markf-t.
Mail advices frcm New York
"Trade Is very slow for most lines. The
condition of the raisin market is far from en
couraging. The trade, having rushed In and
bought liberally at opening prices, believing |
the market would be well sustained and that
their investments were secure against a drop.
now find themselves loaded with goods.' with
an easier mark«-t and practically no demand ex- ;
Dried Fruit in New York.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer cf the
United States at San Francisco, rejwrts cash
on hand October 31 as follows:
Vnlted Statps notes till, 04J 00
Treasury notes of l^O 2.807 00
KaUcna] Banknotes 1«,MS 00
<JoM cmiticates ST.3.170 Oj
Bllver certificates S7.S20 00
Ooid coin Z7.f»'>2.03* €S
Star.dard silver doliars H.&2.ES1 OJ
Subsidiary hilver coin 331.30!* 70
Miner coin 22,778 75
Coupons CSJ 05
Siiscellanecus l.*36 25
Total f60.242.PiS 43
Shipments of silver coin from the same office
for the DOQth cf October were as fellows:
ttar.dard silver dollars I13S.500 00
Subsidiary silver 11S.145 00
Total T257.645 CO
Government Money Here.
The California Fruit Grower has issued Its
£.-... review and harvest edition of eeventy
four pages for tSM-DOQ. It is a fine piece of
work, with Illuminated covert, and contains a
mai-s of Information of imprest to fruit growers
and the fruit trade, su'-h as the total output of
Iruitp. raisinF. r.uts. canned prods*, beet sugar.
Eastern shipments of deciduous and cltruo
Iruits. wine and brandy production, etc. As
a work lor ttatlsticaJ reference It is valuable.
Fruit Grozvcrs' Annual Review.
To-day being election day and a legal holi
day, business will be suspended throughout the
United States.
No Business To-Day.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money-
Call loans 3',4«i74'4
Time loans 4'i©6
Stocks —
A ten Top & 8 F.. 33'4
Do prefd 75%
Amer Sugar 125'J
Do prerd 116U
Bell Tele I49}i
Boston & Albany. .243
Old Dominion 22?;
Rubber 32
Union Pacific C3\
Bonds —
Atrhlson 4» S9
Mining Shares-
Adventure 6U
Allouez Mng Co.... 2~%
Amal Copper 94<i
Atlantic 25
U S refunding 2s,
n*r mt*
do coup 104M.
do 3s reg -..109^
do coup iW'j
do new Is reg 134',i
do coup 13IVv
do old Is reg 115 '4
do coup 115>4
do Is reg HMi
do coup 112H
Dis of Col 3.65s. ...124Vt
Atchlson gen 4s 101
do adj 4s S3<t
Zan bo 2ds 106^4
;hes & Ohio 4HS..100U
do Ca HSii
Z & N W con 7S..137H
do S F deb Es...ll7»*
ZM Term 4s J3
rolo So 4= !!1%
D A R G 4s <I9
Erie ten 4s 71};
Ft W & D C lsts.. 7$
3en Elec ja i;s
Iowa Cent Uts ...112
L & Nash unl 4s... •.¦3
M K & T Ms C«v4
do as S2f£
V Y Cent Zzil. ....10S»4
S" J Cent acn 5*.. ]?4>*
\'o Pac 3s (Z%
do 4s 1O3'!»
'I Y C 4 li; L it. .107
Morf & W con 4s.. 4*
Dr Nav lists 109
do 4s 103
Dr S Line 6s 1274
do con 5s H4Vi
Reading gen 4s .. S8
ft G W U>ts 9»ii
-t 1. * 1 M con f.s.109%
?t L & S F ten 68.125
St Paul cons 170H
StPCi Pac lsts.HSVi
do 5s H9V4
?o Pac 4s 82
So Ry 5s H0»4
3 Rope & T 6s 68%
Tex & Pac lsts 114
: do 2ds 70
tTnion Pacific 4s ..106
Wabash lsts HL«i
I do 2ds 102
Weft Shore 4s 112
R'is Cent lsts 87
Va cent 90%
Chollar 10
Crown Point 10
Con Cal & Va 93
Deadwood oO
Gould & Curry 58
Hale & Norcross.. 20
Homectake 60
Iron Silver 65
Mexican 2S
MINING STOCKS.
Ontario 6uO
Ophir 70
Plymouth io
Quicksilver 1 25
Do prefd 6 50
SI»rra Nevada 22
Standard 2 60
Union Con 15
Yellow Jacket 15
CLOSING BONDS.
CJ-C. Market-street Tract. Oakland: $10.
Robert and Mary E. Glover (by A. W. Bishop,
commissioner) to "Victor H. Metcalf (executor
of estate of William Metealf). lot on W line
of Market street. 110 N of West Elghte«nth, W
135 by N 45. portion block 615. Oakland: $4407.
Christopher A. and Catherine Mulvey to Giu
»eppe Arena, lot on W line of Filbert street.
1DS:1O% B of Railroad avenue, S 25 by W 125.
lot SO, block 455. Oakland; J1200.
Percy W. Maglll to James W. Waiting, lot
on NW corner of Castro and Thirteenth streets.
W 200 by N 10O. lots 19 to 27, block 135. Oak
land: also property In San Jose and personal
property, trust deed; grant.
i-er of Eighteenth and Linden streets, S 71:1
by E 100. being the N 71:S of lots 31 to 34. block
Estate Cella Hasan (by Louis Hasan. Char
lotte Kaufman and Carrie Rothchild, execu
tors) to Cordelia L. Ford, lot on N lino of
Sutter street. 103:Vi W of Buchanan, W 34:4'a
by N 137 :«: $SOCO.
Mary F. Hlnes (wlfa of Edward B.) trt
Jeanette S. Doane. lot on N line of Grove
street. 200 E of Broderlck. E 23 by N 137:8: fXft
Joseph F. and Maud M. Nolan and Thalia
and James P. Treadwell to Fernando Nelson,
lot on E line of Hartford street, 96 N of. Eigh
teenth. N 234:4 by E 125; also lot on W Una
of Hartford street, 100 N of Eighteenth. N
328:9, W 102. S 2f>0, W 23. S 123 A E 135; $10.
City and County of San Francleco to Karl
A. Vezln. lot on E line of Capp street. 2S2:«
R of Twenty-third. E 123:2^4. S 3:4H. W 123:2**.
N 3:4H; ¦
Charles H. Morgans to same, lot on E line
of Capp street. 245 S of Twenty-third, E 122:6,
S 20:9, SW 123:2H, N to beginning, quitclaim
deed; $20.
Alameda County.
Alice E. Edwards to Mary C. Quinn. subdivis
ions C and D of lot I, block 802. Watt* Tract,
Oakland (quitclaim deed): $1.
Matt Quinn to Mary Qulnn. same (quitclaim
d*ed>: )l.
Lydia A. and Henry S. Ack'.ey to C. B.
Tackle, lot on N line of Central avenue, 400 0
of Park street. E 150 by N 100. lots 34. 23 and
28. block B, Parson's Golden Gate Tract. Oak
land; $n>.
C B. Tackle to> lyaao I*. Requa, same: $10.
F.tlward W., Willis S.. Anna L. and Ethel
Clayton to Gertrude M. Austin, lot on SE cor-
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Silver a fraction off. No change in Exchange.
Jllicat higher. Freights dull and nominal.
Barley, Oats and Corn firm. Rye zveak.
Beans continue firm, though receipts are heavy.
Potatoes, Onions and J T cgctablcs shozv no change.
Eggs lower and weak. Butter plentiful and weak.
Five cars of Poultry in from the East.
Game steady under moderate arrivals.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes zi'cak under liberal stocks.
Cottolene lower. Other Provisions unchanged.
Raisins quieter and easier and Dried Fruits neglected.
Wool quieter at the moment, ozcing to the election.
Fair demand for Hops at firm prices.
Hogs in suincicnt supply and unchanged.
Beef, Veal and Mutton stand the same.
Hides strong at a further advance. Tallozv firm.
Merchandise quotations unchanged.
The stock market generally was Inactive and
dull to-day, but American shares were a con
spicuous exception. They were buoyant from
the beginning to the end of the session and
dealings were very heavy, although the buying
was not by the public, but by professional
traders here and on American and Berlin or
ders.
Bryan Is hardly mentioned here. The bet
ting at Lloyds Is at odds of 9 to 1 on McKln
ley. The Stock Exchange will open Wednes
day at 9:30 Instead of 11 o'clock.
There was no talk of gold exports. Foreign
exchange was steady.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. 5.— Atchieon, 34H: Canadian.
Pacific. 89%: Union Pacific preferred. 78H;
Northern Pacific preferred, 74H; Grand Trunk.
6H; Anaconda, 9%; bar silver quiet, 29 13-16d
ter ounce; money, 214 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 5.— Treasury balances
in the general fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000
frold reserve in the division of redemption,
chow: Available cash balance, $139,203,614;
gold, $32,531,693.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— Business was very
slew In the market for metals to-day. Tin
was the only metal showing signs of activity,
ruling firmer In tone at an advance of 60
ptints. prompted by encouraging dispatches
from abroad and scarcity of Fellers. The close
was firm at $27 50827 75. Plg^ron warrants
were quiet at $S 75^g3 25. Lake copper was dull
at $16 7.Val7. Lead and spelter both ruled dull
at 14 37ii and $4 lO^H 15 respectively. The
brokers' price for lead was $4 and for copper
$16 75616 STVi.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— The Commercial Ad
\-ertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Money on call closed
10® 25 per cent; last loan. 13c; ruling rate, 15
per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4?i@5«* per
cent. Sterling exchange, weak, closing. firmer,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 83%
CM S3Vi for demand and at $4 SO for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 SlVi and $4 84V-@* S5. Commer
cial bills, $4 79UW4 73*i. Silver certificates,
61%®«5i;c. Bar 6ilver, 64Hc. Mexican dollars,
50^c. Government bonds. Irregular; State
bonds. Inactive; railroad . bonds, firm.
New York Money "Market.
Boston Elevated ..155 [Boston & Mont.... 325
Boston & Maine. ..191 ! Butte & Boston.... 69
Chi Bur & Q I'M; Calumet & Hecla..795
Dominion Coal ... Z»Vi Centennial IS
Do prefd my- Franklin 14%
Federal Steel 41 'Humboldt 25
Do prefd 6iV*iOsceola 72
Fltchburg prefd. ...13S iParrot 46V4
General Elec 142^iQuIncy 158
Ed Elec 111 213 | Santa Fe Copper... V&
Mexican Cent 134U Tamarack 1S5
•Mich Tele 85 Utah Mining 33^
N E Gas & Coke.. 12'ji Wolverines 43^
Old Colony 203 ' ¦ .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
CANNED FRUIT— Extras In 2%-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 £0; Cherries, $2
for black, »U 85 for white and $2 for Royal
Ani.e; Grapes, $1 35; Peaches, $1 65; Pears.,
$1 85; Plums. $1 35©1 40; Quinces, $1 65; Straw
berries, ?1 75.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southflcld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, S7: Coos
,Bay, $5 50; -Wallrcnd, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $3: Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
n*l, $12 psr ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 3000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand.
CORDAGE— The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. HVic per lb;
Sisal sizes and bale rope, 8c; Duplex, 7c.
Terms, 60 days or 1U per cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, ner lb, 3c;
cases. 3Vic' cases, extra large, 4c; cases, imita
tion Eastern. 5c; Boneless, 4>. 4 c Norway Strips,
4V£c: Narrow Gauge, 4»ic: Silver King, 6c;
Blocks Oriental. 4%c; Seabrlght. 5c: Tablets,
6c; Middles. Golden State, 5Hc; Middles, White
Seal, :7c; 6-lb boxes fancy. Boneless, 8»4c; Des
slcated, per dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod, barrels,
each. . $6 50; Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each,
$3 75.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14iffl5c for prime
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6Vg@6Hc; Wool
Bags, 2S'i@32%c: Fleece Twine, 7'ic; Fruit
Bags>. 6ViC(i6*ic for white and 8Vi@S?ic for
bleached Jute. ¦
General Merchandise.
TTere Is no further change In anything.
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and B<g5^4c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®8c; small, 8Vi09c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%e; ewes, 6V4@7c per
pound.
LAMB— RCTSHc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, * 5He ' for small. 5Vic for
medium and 5',ic for large; stock • Hogs and
feeders. 5c; dreesed Hogs, TH^frSHc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin, 6%<STSc: do Lambs'. 8
®9c; Middle County. 9©10c; Northern Mountain,
free. lOUllc: Southern Mountain. 7H@S>ic;
Humboldt and Mendccino, 12iQ13c per lb.
HOPS— ll^fgluc per lb.
WOOL— Spring clln Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free/ lr.ffnte: Northern, defective. 12@
14c: Middle County, free. 14*?16c; Middle County,
defective, 12#14c; Southern Mountain, ' 12
months', 9S10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months' ll®12c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. SSllc: Humboldt and Menfloclno, IS
0*170: Nevada. 13ifilfic per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. KVi<ff9c: Cow
hides. 8^i'g9c; Stags, 6«£c; Salted Kip. 9Hc;
Salted Veal,»9V4c; Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides.
16c; culls, 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 16©l7c;
culls and brand, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20030c each; short Wool, 30®SOc each; medium,
6O'!x£5c; long Wool, 7oc(fi$l each; Horse Hide?,
palt, $2 50 for large and $2 for medium. Jl SO
for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small
and 2oji;0c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 36c; fall or medium ekins, SOc: winter or
thin skins, 17<£<ir20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4#4Hc per lb; No.
2, S^c; grease. 2JT2' ) ic.
Hides are firm and In good demand at a fur
ther advance. Tallow Is also firm.
Hops are in fair demand and firm at the
good prices.
Wool Is neglected at the moment, purely ow
ing to the election, thought the demarid has
lately been fair, and Is expected to reappear
again after the election excitement is * over.
Some new descriptions are added to the fall
list. I
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel. 8Hc; ; three
half barrels, 8V*c: one tierce, 8V4c; two threes,
Sc; five tierces, 7%c per lb. ,•
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Ftops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6?ic per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9Vic;
10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c. \..
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10>i@llc per H> for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for Utght. 14a
for extra light and 15c for sugar cureM; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 11%© 12c; Me^s Beef.
$12 fi> per barrel: extra Mess. $13 50; .Family,
J1S e0- extra Prime Pork, $lfi; extra clear, fl'-' 50;
Mess, $16; Smoked Beef, 13c per lb. i
Hams, Bacon and Lard are movlnK off fairly
at the recent cut in prices, and therei is a mod
erate demand for barreled eoods. ,
Cottolene has been marked dowm
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
40-509, 7c: 50-60s, 5^c; 60-70a. 3»ic: 70-80s. 3Hc;
80-90s, 2%c; 90-100s, 2V*c; 100s and over,' 2c; ru
bles, Mo premium; Sonomas, }»c and $»an Joa
qulns He less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6'j$
Sc for Royals and 10@HVlc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 4®4Hc; sun-drle^l, 2Vs'S4c;
Peaches, 4H®3c for standard, 536c for cholca
and 7®7".jc for fancy; Pears, 2@7c$ Plums,
pitted. SfSe^c: unpltted. ligmc: Nect/.rlnes, 5@
5Hc for red and b¥>>ti6c for white. >
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following price! for the
season of 1500: Bleached Thompson's (fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard. 8%c; i'-rime. So;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10Hc per lb; choice, 9^±c; standard, "SHc;
prime, Sc; unbleached Saltanas, 8c;/ Seedless,
BO-lb boxes', 6Hc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, '6c;
2-crown. 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London /Layers, 2
crown. J15O per box; 3-crown. 1160; Fancy
Clusters, 12; Dehesa, $2 SO; Imperial. S3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping^ points In
California. i
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6®7c per lb: Wfilnuts. No.
1 softshell. lie; No. 2. 8c: No. 1 ha/dshell. 10c;
Xo. 2. 7V>c; Almonds, 15@16c for vnaper-shell,
ll?T12Hc for softshell; Peanuts, F.Rvf; for East
em; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13ca Pecans, 11
@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50@5. I
HONEY— Comb. 13>4®14V4c for bright and 12H
(B13c for llfcht amber; water whlteS extracted.
7»4<SSc; light amber, extracted, 7iiJr."Hc; dark.
(iQO^c per lb.
BEESWAX-24f26c per lb.
Provisions. "\
Stagnation still characterizes fruits of all
kinds. «uid even Raisins are quieter and eas
ier. Nuts are Inactive, but steady, j There
Is no particular demand for Honey fct the
moment, though the market shows no weak
ness, t
GRAPES— Muscats. Tokays. VerdeHs. black
and other ordinary varieties, 40®50c t?er small
box and 50f 73c per crate; Isabellas, Jn cratea,
75cG$l; Cornlchons, in crates. 50<§75c.
MELONS— Nutmegs. K@"50c per cast;; Canta
loupes. oO^fToc per crato. j
CITRUS FRUITS— Navol Orangei. ?2@4;
Seedlings, $1 5C52 25; Lomons, 25c@$t 25 for
common and $1 50<ft2 50 for good to' choice;
Mexican Limes. $1^4 50; California Llhies, 250
35c: Bananas. $1 7.VFJ2 50 per bunch; Pineapples.
$1 50© 3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
PLUMS— XKSAnc per box
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— »
*a££ PLES— 25®50c per box for (common and
60»g&0c for good to choice; 8pltzent»ergs, 6CcSU;
Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1 2j@1 B0. \
PEARS-Winter Nells, 60S90d}; Cooking
Pears. 25Q50c per box. 7
QUINCPJS— f,0@65c per box I
PERSIMMONS- 30#65c Der box. I
CRANBERRIES-€ape Cod. $3 W barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 25®2 M per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $4®6 per chesft for largo
and for small berries. . (
HUCKLEBERRIES— 3!Q6c per lb
RASPBERRIES-$4 50«6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES-75ci@n. accordtng to «lze
of box. «
The few Melons coming In aire slow at auo
tatlons.
Cranberries are firm at the ', advance, with
moderate stocks. (
o£'^ US T frults ¦ ho ' w ' "ttle cliange, though
frt^suppneT 10 " 8 and Llmea "* T U WCak Under
BtwfdiVy 18 Ot Brapea continual to fall off
Deciduous and Citrtis Fruits.
Another decline, in Eggs Is noted. Receipts
are free and slowly accumulatlns. The ten
dency Is to make cy>nces*lcns to keep the floors
clear. Eastern descriptions show no change.
Butter is also weik, but no lower. Occa
sional orders are tXelng received from the
South, but the shippliW demand Is still limited.
Stocks continue llberafl. £ .
There has been no change In Cheese for some
time. \
butter— \
Creamer}-— Fancy Creamery, 22^23c; seconds,
mS'Klte 0 * 21C; e °°\ t0 ChOlce ' 2OC: COm "
Creamery tub— 2C322V4O \per lb.
Pickle roll— 19S21c T
Firkin— 18(8190. .
Storage goods— 21022c \
CHEESE-New. lH4c; otld. 9®llc; Young
tT&c 1^ 1^'- Easter< ?- 13% ® 14c: west *
J( J? GGS^ Quoted at 20 ®3Oc fo\r store and 37*4®
«uc per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18S26c.
Butter,\Cheesc and Eggs.
kor Bn*3&'.$3 50 for Fryers. $4©6 for #ucks,
$R for C>'.-»Hf. $1 for Pigeons, 12@16c for live
T,urkeys , at:^ 15@18c for dressed Turkeys.
\3ame showed little change, as the demand
abkmt balanced the supply.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13&14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens: old Turkeys, 11®
12Hcv" Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c: Geese, per pair.
Jl EOQjl 75: Goslings, $1 75«2; Ducks, $3@4 for
old anid $3 50@4 50 for young: Hens, ?3 50@4 50;
Young \Roosters, $4; Old Roosters. $3 50® 4;
Fryers. \$3!S 3 50; Broilers, $3@3 60 for large and
12 oO(33 f<v>r small; Pigeons, $1 per dozen for^old
and $1 BOgBl 75 for Squabs
GAME— jQuall. $1@1 25 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain;! Mallard, $4g5; Canvasback, $4®6:
Sprig, $3@8 50; Teal, $202 50; Widgeon, $1 50©
$175; SmalV Duck, $12:^150: Gray Geese. J3.
\%hlte GeesV, tl@l 50: Brant, $150 for small
and »2@2 50 ftor large; English Snipe, $1 25@1 50;
Jack Snipe, Y>>c®$i: Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits,
$1 25® 1 50 fo* Cottontail and $1 for brush;
Doves, 600650 Ur dozen.
i MONDAY. Nov. 5.-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.- Bid. Ask.
' Alpha C2 01 Justice i£J »>S
I Alta o; M Kentuck C2 04
I Andes 07 OS Lady Wash .... — 03
I Beicher 14 13 Mexican 33 34
j Best & Belcher 24 2". occidental 03 10
Bullion 02 P3 Ophlr .". S6 87
I Caledonia 54 JS Overman ....... 11 12
Chollar 13 15 Potosl 12 14
Challenge Con.. Yi 20 Savage 20 21
' Confidence 75 — Scorpion — 04
I Con Cal A Va..l 05 1 10 Seg Belcher ... 05 06
I Con Imperial .. — 01, Sierra Nevada. 25 26
Con New York. 01 — Silver Kill 33 43
Eureka Con ... — 43 St Louis — 10
Crown Point ... 12 14 Standard 3 30 —
Exchequer — T)2 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry 78 7S, Union Con 17 13
Hale & Norc... 23 28 Utah 03 10
Julia — 04'Yellow Jacket.. 13 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher U" 3O> Overman 11
100 Rest & Belcher 2; 700 Savage 19
3f*> OouM & Curry 73H20O Sejr Helcher ... t>5
3f<0 Mexican 321 »0O Seg Belcher ... 06
2(X) Ophlr Ill 20»j Silver Hill .... 3<*
500 Overman 07 300 Yellow Jacket.. 17
COO Overman 12
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchance yesterday:
Morning Session.
' 50 Caledonia 40 300 Or-hlr 81
I mo Caledonia 42 500 Ophlr S4
, 100 Confidence 70 ."00 Overman 07
j 2ftt OouM & Curry 77 2<xl Silver Hill J7
i 200 Goul.l & Curry W *¦© Silver Hill 33
I 200 Mexican 32 3»0 Silver Hill .... 23
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2C0 Mexican 31' 300 Potesl 12
300 Mexican n ICO Sierra Nevada. 25
100 Ophlr 8i ; SCO Sliver Hill r.i
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher ir- 200 Savage 13
200 Best & Belcher 21 ' >1O Seg Belcher.... C3
S0O Gould & Curry ~,Z 100 Silver Hill 3*
100 Ophir 84: 200 Utah «¦*
2<T0 Ophlr S3! 2O Yellow Jacket.. 17
SCO Overman O7| 40 Yellow Jacket.. U
PORTLAND, Nov. 5.— Wheat market firm
and hlger; Walla Walla, 53%@34c; Blue Stem,
56 iff 57c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 5. — Wheat quiet and un
changed; Blue Stem, SO'/jc; Club, 52^c.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 6.— Clearings, $611,
333; balances, $65,709.
Portland's Business.
CORN— Spot, dull; American mixed new, 4s
2Hd. Futures, steady; December. 4s %d; Janu
ary. 3s 10%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 5s HHd; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3Hd;
No. 1 California, 6s 4d. Futures, steady; De
cember, 6s Hd; February, 6s l%d; March, 6s
lfcd.
LONDON. Nov. 5.— Consols. 98%@98%: silver,
29 13-16d; French rente*. lOOf 60c; wheat cargoes
off coast, lower; cargoes on passage, quiet, and
steady, 3d; No. 1 standard California, 20s 7&d;
Walla Walla, 20s 6d; English country markets,
aulet: Imports of wheat into United Kingdom,
407,000 qrs; do flour, 239,000 qrs; wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom, 2,210,000 qrs;
do Continent, 1,070,000 qrs.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 5.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 3dS€s 4%d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
unsettled.
COTTON— Uplands. B 3-lCd. ¦ ,
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Nov.; 5.— Cotton futures closed
barely steady, 1 point higher to 2' points lower.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Nov. 5.— The' statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, November 3, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange Is as follows:
Wheat, 60,034,000; Increase, 261,000 bushels.
Corn. 7.9S3.000; decrease, 161,000 bushels. Oats,
12.9S6.000; Increase, 150,000 bushels. Rye, 1.100,
000; increase, 50.0C0 bushels. Barley, 3,611,000
bushels; increase, 544,000 bushels.
Availalft&rain Supply.
HOGS— Receipts, 2S.OOo7 " to-morrow, 25,000;
estimated left over, 4500- average, 10c higher,
aoUve; top. $4 95. Mixed and butchers", $4 60
<Qi 95; good to choice heavy, $4 65@4 95; rough
heavy. ?4 50@>4 60; light. $4 50i@H 90; bulk of
sales. *4 7004 So. . •
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000; strong to 10c higher;
lambs, steady to strong. Good to choice
wethers, $4@1 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 50@
4; Western sheep, $4®4 25: native lambs, $4 500
5 60; \Ye6tern lambs, $4 90@5 50.
600, Including 1000 Westerns and 1000 Texans.
uanerally lOc higher. . Good to prime steer*.
So 50<gC; poor to medium, ¦ $4 SO®* 40; selected
feeders, steady, J3 80(34 40; mixed stockers,
$2 5002 75; cows, $2 70@4 40; heifers. $2 75@4 75;
canners , $lt0@2 60; bulls $2 30@4 40; calves,
?4fr4 60; Texas fed steen«t $1@4 85; grass steers,
$3 oa@4 15: bulls, J2 60@3 25.
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 5001
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 1.020/
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr eks 6,419 Flaxseed. sks .... S.SC3
Oats, ctls 6.S2O
Flour, qr sks. 47.73S Sugar, sks 1.5/V)
Wheat, ctls 1.810 Puitar. bbls 32
Barley, ctls 7.7*9 Lime, bbls til
Oats, ctls 1.2..6 Wool, bales 16..
Corn, ctis 2,24 / Pelts Ixlls 243
Cheese, ctls 34 Hides. No 743
Hutter. ctls 164; Raisins. bx« 900
Tallow, ctls .• 24S. Wine. Kals 21.400
Ueans, sks 13,933 I'randy. gals .... 2.000
Potatoes, sks .... 7, .CO Chicory, bbls .... 130
Onions Bks 63o Eggs, doz 10, 3&)
Bran, sks 52O| Quicksilver, fisks lf-0
Middlings, sks .. 1C0 Hay, tons 47%
Mustard, ska 4s Leather, rolls ... 78
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. NOVEMBER &.
RED AXD WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7UO
7?4c per lb; White Lead, 7@7»ic, according to
Quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43 per flask for local use
and $45^45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.65c: Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.25c; Dry Granulated. 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.15c; Magnolia A. 5.75c: Extra C.
6.65c: Golden C. 5.55c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 23c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.90c; boxes, 7.1£c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16<ffl"; extra size*, higher: Red
wood, $17tUS for No. 1 and $13®15 for No. 2:
Lath. 4 feet, J3 3(vg-4; Pickets, $18; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $2 73 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $20(326.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil, In bulk. 15c: Pearl Oil,
cases. ISc; Astral. 18c: Star. 18c: Extra Star.
22c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene. 20c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, H>-»c; cases. 20V»c; Benilne.
bulk, 13>ic; cases, l&'ic; 86-degre« Gasoline,
bulk, 20c; cases, 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— 66c per gallon la cases and
60c in drums or iron barrels.
washed; 12%©l3Hc for good washed: 13.ffl4c for
good to prime washed peaberry: 1SS13C for
good to prime peaberry: ll»,4©13c for good to
prime; 10«4@llC for good current mixed with
black beans; 9H@llc for fair: 7U@9V*c nominal
for common to ordinary. ¦
Salvador— Il>;@l3tic for good to prime wash
ed; 10H@llc for fair washed; 12©13V»c for good
to prime washed peaberry; llg>ll*ic for good
to prime semi-washed; lWiSllc for superior un
washed; ICHc for good green .unwashed: 113
lUst: for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
7H@9c nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 13®16c for prime to fancy wash
ed; 10H@12%c for fair to strictly good washed;
10fc®10\c nominal for good to superior un
washed; WQlWiC nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13V4@17c for prime
to fancy washed; 12tF13c for strictly gootl
washed; lltf?12e for good washed; !r\©10%c for
fair washed; 9£9'.c for medium; 6*4iP-\c f- 1 *"
inferior to ordinary; 13®14c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 110U%a nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 10i-®llc nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER-Sole. heavy, 2S®33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26<f/20c: Sole Leather, light.
26®2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy. 27@2Sc: Rough
Leather, light, 25#26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
32£3Sc; Harness Leather, medium, 30®37c; Har
ness Leather, light, 29035c; Collar Leather, 15
@16c per foot; Kip. finished. 41@.'j0c P<t lb;
Veal, finished. SOi^aic: Calf, finished. 73cOf1 20;
Sliles. finished. 16igl7c per foot: Bell Knife
Splits, 141il6c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground I25g:s per ton; Stick,
JlS!f»20 per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. Jl 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
SCc: raw, S4c; cases, 5c more ; • Lucol. C9c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases, 73c:
China Nut. 6S©72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, 65c; cases, 70c: Sperm, pure. 65c:
Whale Oil, natural white. 37 1 ~'Q42',4c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, iNOYEMBER 6, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
CHICAGO, Not. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 12.-
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec Feb
Opening .-. 6 6 l»i
Closing c i*j 6 l*;
oS: ....•..^ R .! s :...^o Ma 5iio une -
Closing 19 70 21 25
Flour-
Opening .' 25 30 27 10
Closing 25 40 27 20
Chicago Livestock Market.
10
XETV TORK. Nov. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts. 41.
i 233 barrels; exports, 27,507 barrels; sales, 8100
packages; firmly held, but quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 1G7.425 bushels; exports.
165. S95 bushels; sales. 2,975,000 bushels futures.
120,000 bushels spot; spot firm; No. 2 red, 73vic
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 78V»c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, SiUc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, SS*ic f. o. b. afloat. Options were
generally firm and higher to-day on large de
creases In world's shipments, higher cables,
foreign buying and a demand from shorts:
finally eased on* a trifle and closed at He net
advance; No. 2 red March, 82's(gS3V»c, closed
at &2 7 ic; May, S:VjSS2 13-16e, closed at S2*ic;
November, 7S l ,ic; December. 79ii@7»%c closed
at 79%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Steady.
"WOOL- Dull.
COFKEE— Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 invoice,
S*ic; mild, quiet; Cordova. 9Vi<I?13^ic. Futures
eloped steady, 10 points higher; total sales,
1S.00O bags, including November, $7 20; March,
J7 40<g" 45; May, ' V> 5O@7 55; September, $7 70®
HUTTER— Receipts. 7334 packages; firm;
creamery. 16(a 23c; June creamery. lS@21c; fac
tory. 13S15MJC.
EGGS— Receipts, 6596 packages; firmer; West
ern regular packing at mark, 17@21c; Western,
loss off, 23.
DRIED FRUITS.
It was a day of small thlntrs In the market
for evaporated apples owing to the approach-
Ing election holiday. The undertone was dull
and prices nominally at last quotations. State
common. 4ft5c; prime, 4ri l g5 1 .ic; choice, 5H4j<ic;
fancy, eS^i^c. California dried fruits were In
active. Prunes were quoted from 3'/4c to 8 l ,»c.
APRICOTS-Royal. Uifl4c; Moorpark. 15<316c.
TEACHES— Peeled, 16Q20c; impeded, 6@9c.
CHICAGO, Nov. 5.— Wheat was a dull mar
ket throughout the session, lave for a brief
period of agility at the start. This being the
eve of a national election, trade™ were dis
inclined to pro Into Important deals, and even-
Ing up over the holiday divided attention with
betting haberdashery on the result of to-mor
row's balloting. There was practically no cash
den-.and either here or at the seaboard. The
rnniket opened firm, December, US'MiO up at
T4'5T4Vic on the advance at Liverpool and the
statistics, there being a decrease In world" a
shipments and in the amount on passage. Fol
lowing the opening December dropped to 73T4c
on profit-taking, but later recovered and closed
nrm. li<3%c higher at 74S74V6C.
Corn was fairly active and strong on light
country acceptances and higher cables. De
cember closed 'iQHc uo at 259i{f33T»c.
Oats were dull. December closed a shade
up at 22iB22%c.
Provisions were dull but steady, sustained by
a Hzhter run of hogs than had been expected
and by an advance in prices at the yards. The
speculative interest represented in the pit was
small. January pork closed 2%c hither, lard
6c vr> and ribs 2V4c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 73 73>i 72% 73
December 74U 74Vi 73% 74Vi
January 75 73ft 74& 74%
Corn Xo. 2—
November 3S*i 3ST4 33 3SV»
December 35^ 36 30% 3ST4
May 36V4 36% 36H 36%
Oats No. 2—
November 21% 21 H 21 K iiu,
December 22 22H : 22 . 22U
May 24 24ft 23% 24
Mess Pork, per bbl —
November 10 S5 10 85 10 S2V4 10 82 Vi
January 11 30 11 32^ 11 25 11 23
Lard, t>er 100 Ibj —
November 7 02H 7 02H 7 02V4 7 02%
December 6 So 6 90 6 85 c S3
January 6 75 6 77H (76 8 75
; Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
November 6 37V4 6 37*4 6 35 6 35
January 6 02',-, 6 05 6 CO 6 00
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat, 6S(fr74c:
No. 2 red, 75c; No. 2 corn, 29H@39%c; >Jo. 2
yellow, 39Vii^39»ic; No. 2 oats, white, 27c; No. 3
white. 249i4j26'/4c; fair to choice malting bar
ley, 51®5Sc: No. 1 flax seed, fl 79; No. 1 North
western, Jl SO; prime timothy seed, $4 10; mess
pork, per bbl. $11 23; lard, per 100 lbs. $7 10©
7 12H: short-rib sides (loose), $5 f.Ofje £0; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), C@GUc; short clear
fides (boxed). $6 65®6 75; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade, $10@10 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipment!*.
Flour, barrels 21.000 10,000
Wheat, bushels 115,000 89,000
Corn, bushels 119,000 71,000
Oats, bushels 133,000 404,000
Kye. bushels 3.000
Barley, busels 83.000 15,000
On the Produce Exchange- to-day the Butter
market was quiet; creamery, 15@2iyic; dairy, 13
. @lSc. Cheese, active, 10'4@ll&c. Eggs, active;
fresh, 18>4c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COiPAOVIS GENEKAL^ TRANSATLANTICS
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. __ *
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <?CfRfJv
'Saturday, from November 2. 1S39. at £*»»
10 a ro.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Nov. S. First-
class to Havre. <;,:, and upward. Second class
to Havre. $42 50 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J- F- FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
A fronts. 5 Montyomerv avenue. San Francisco.
0CEA>1C S.8. CO.-nOXOMTLU.APIA
ACCKUSD ANI> SYDNEV.
SS. ZEALANT>IA (Honolulu only)...........
Saturday, November 10. t o. ra.
SS "SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
.Wednesday. November M. 9 p. m.
SS 'AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.?...7.t Tuesday. December 4. 4 p. m.
j. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Arts.. 643 Market St
Pi er 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market St
THE 0. R, & N. CO.
MSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Srtear-street "Wharf tt 19 A. M.
CAQC $12 First Class. Including Berth
in n L sa Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 4. 1*. 24, D*c 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 9, 19, »
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Aeent.
«30 Market street.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
OTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
rier First and Rranjian streets, at 1 p. ra..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe iHIoro), Nagasaki and Shanghai, ami
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnr.
SS. HONGKONG MARtT
Tuesday. November 13. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December «, 1300
SS. AMERICA MAUL'
Saturday. December 3. 1500
Via Honolulu.
Round-trio tickets at reduced rates. For
freljfht and passage apply at company^ office,
421 Market otreet. corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SODTaAMPTOH. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every 10 a. m.
St. Louis Nov. 14fst. Louis Dec. S
New York Nov. 21; New York Dec. 1J
St. Paul Nov. IS St. Paul Dec. U
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Fouthwark Nov. 14T Noonllan'i Dec. 5
Westernland ...Nov. Zl\ Frlesland Dec. 13
Kensington Nov. 23 South wark Dec. la
For frpieht and passage arrly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
50 Montgomery «t. Or any of Its agents.
Fcr Ensenada, Masdalena Bay. San Jos» del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico} — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
foldars.
The company reserves the rliriit to ehanirs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sallies
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. C*n. Aijwnts.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
rf^iriii For Alaskan Port»— 11 a. m..
WP^few ov - J . 7 - u - 17 « "• 27. Dec- 2 -
tfe^SSft^ Change to company's steamers
ft3^2plV5»1 For Victoria. Vaneotiver fB.
£&iAr-<?S?«lj C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^VwOJ Ttcoma, Kverett. Anacortes
and New "Whatcom ("Wash.)—
11 a. m., Now. a. J. u. 17. js,
17. r>c 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
Char.Re at Seattle for this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Taconu
to N. P. R». : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Noy. 4.
9. 14. 19. 14, 23, Dec. 4 and every fifth day there-
after.
For San IMef^» stopptnir only at Port Harford
<San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Anjceles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a. m..
Nov. 1. 5. ». 13. 17. 21. 23. 23. Dec 8. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlot*.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anjreles) and Newport— 9
a. rn.. Nov. $. 7. 11, 15, 13, 23, 27. Dec. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
OCEAN TBAVZL
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at J:«
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i
p. n.. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock,
pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
a FARE so*
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEBS. -
foruXnaymar^^The csuse for the present Chinese entangle
ments Is not rell«ioua differences, but the ah :?-»
of the Chines* ImmleranM by the forelim pow
ers. Another great revolution comes frTn the
abuse of the utomach. Overtaxed <i:«?i»tlon pro
duce* constipation, indigestion, dyapepiia and
flatulency. Hostettrr** Stomach Bitters la the
best medlrln* to take. It will restore it healthy
tone to the entire system, and thus prevent
r*rvousne*». tleeplessness or despondency.
Don't fall to *ive It a trial.
The Chinese Situation.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY, Nov. 5.--C. A. Prinple. cap
tain of the football team, has gone to the
country to rest and recover from an In-
Jury received to his knee some weeks
ago - . • . .
President Wheeler is to be one of tha
speakers at the meeting of the British-
American Union In the Academy of Sci
ences Hall, 819 Market street, San Fran
cisco, next Wednesday evening, Novem
b 7 " - ...
The first of Professor L. D. Syle's four
lectures on "The Modern Drama" will bo
delivered at 4 o'clock Tuesday afternoon,
November 6, at the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art. His subject will be "Ibsen."
* * *
The regular midterm banquet of the col
lege Y. M. C. A. will be held at 6 o"clock
next Wednesday evening. November 7. at
Stiles Hall. , , ,
A number of students from both polit
ical clubs at the university will act as
watchers at the polls In San Francisco
to-morrow.
UNIVERSITY
NEWS NOTES
JOHN OBENAUER ESTATE
IS NOW IN DISPUTE
Administrator, Public Administrator
and a Friend of Deceased .in a
Three-Cornered Fight.
OAKI^AND. Nov. 5.— There Is a three
cornered fight over thfl estate of John
Obenauer, who died In Alameda two
months ago and left property valued at
$9000. Obenauer left his property to his
wife and appointed Julius Guthrie admin
istrator. Guthrie was given letters of ad
ministration, T>ut now comes Public Ad
ministrator Hawes and asks that the let
ters be revoked on the ground that Guth
rie Is not a proper person to handle the
estate.
To complicate matters . more, Julius
Qulnchard, who was Obenauer's friend,
comes forward with what purports to be
a will which was written by him at Oben
auer's solicitation and signed by him as
witness. Judge Greene will hear evidence
In the dispute in two weeks.
BANK GETS JUDGMENT
AGAINST THE COUNTY
Judge Ogden Decides That Taxation
of Bonds Would Be Double
Taxation.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5.— Judge Ogrlen has
handed down a decision in favor of the
Union Savings Bank against the county of
Alameda In the suit which grew out ofthe
question as to whether bonds and fran
chises held by the bank should be taxed.
The ruling was based upon the decision of
the Supreme Court in a case In San Fran
cisco, in which it was held that the tax
ation of the bonds of private corporations
was In effect double taxation. The bonds
In dispute were those held in trust for the
Contra Costa Water Company, the Oak
land Transit Company a^d other corpora
tions. •
Rev. Mr. Bradley Resigns.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6.— Rev. E. B. Brad
ley, pastor of the Park Congregational
Church of Lorin, tendered his resignation
as minister yesterday, giving as his rea
sons excessive school work and falling
health. Mr. Bradley Is a student at the
State TJfiiverslty and the Pacific Theo
logical Seminary.
The trustees of the church will consider
the resignation next week. An effort will
be made to have the Rev. Mr. Bradley
remain in charge and do less pastoral
work. ¦ iv "
Reliance's Boxing: Night.
OAKLAND. Nov. 6.— The boxing bouts
arranged by the Reliance Club for Fri
day night will prove unusually interesting,
judging from the talent that has been en
gaged for the occasion. Tom Herman and
Billy de Coursey will fight for the feather
weight championship of the coast, and
there will be ien-round goes between
George Watson of the South End Rowing
Club and Dick Martin of San Francisco
and Charles Johnson and Jack IJean of
the San Francisco Athletic Club.
SHIPBUILDING FIRM IS
DEFENDANT IN A SUIT
Alleged Carelessness of an Employe I
Causes the Death of Hans
Lauritsen.
OAKLAND. Nov. S.— The big ship
"r • '.c'.. re f.rm rf Hay & Wright was to
dar made df-fendant in a puit for HVnoi
<iamajrf>f5 for causing the death, throuph
tbe tlleged carelessness of one of its cm
ployea, of Han? Lauritscn, a laborer, on
July 2 of this yrar. Buit Is brought by
Public Administrator B. C. Hawts, ad"
iraniFtrator of th«? decedent's estate.
In the complaint it is recited thru
Lauritsen. at the time of the ac«-tdent
which resulted in hi? death, was engagred
In unk-ariing b carload of lumber at iht
defendant company's shipyards at Ah
mecla Point. A fellow pmplnve named
Harry Burns, it Is alleged, went upon the
top of the carload of lumber and while
tfc^f" "carelessly and negligently" loos
ened a hoard which was Dalled across the
pile to hold It in plar*r. The weight of
Purn*' body caused tb^ lumber to fall
upon Lauritsen. who xv.-;s standing on the
cround. crushing and instantly killing
him
Kaurltsen was 28 years old and Wt a
wi'o and a miner child.
WILLIAMS DOES NOT
REPLY TO WIFE'S SUIT
Allov-s It to Go by Default— Caae
Will Be Heard by the Court
Commissioner.
OAKLAND. Nov. 5.— Henry G. William -.
the ag-ed sea captain who is alleged by h!s
young wife to have treated her cruelly,
did not reply to the divorce suit brought
fijrainpt him by her and allowed Judgment
to pro against him by default. The cape
will now be heard by Court Commissioner
Uabcock,
William? and his wife, whom he married
p. few refers '^eo in San Diego, lived on
Iiuer.a Vlj=ta avenue In Alameda. Wil
liams chastised his wife whenever the
•whim sururk him, she says, and one night
he heat h<r for not coming home early
enough f.-r o. bicycle ride. For this she
had him arrested. He pleaded guilty to a
charg*-- of battery and was sent to jail for
Blx months, lie secured his release
throuph habeas corpus proceedings before
ft\1hb his yontorjre.
Postoffice Congestion Cleared.
OAKLAND. N<i\. ;,.— The postofflce con
peMion that was rauped by the great rush
of political matter the last few days and
tk-d up things for a while was relieved to
day by Postmaster Friend and a corps of
f-ixteen extra men who had been pressed
Into service. The rrsular mail was de
lay^d FliRhtly. bat to-morrow the delivery'
•will prccerd in the usual effective manner.
License to Marry.
OAKLAND. Nov. 5.— Licenses to marrv
were issued to-day to Edwin Charles Ar
nold, 25, and Gertrude Turner. 20. both of
Berkeley; Jose C. Henriques, 25, Port
Costa, and Aurora de Freltas, 21, Pleasan
ton: Frank Richardson Wells. 21 and past,
Burlington, Vermont, and Jean Mary
Hush, 18 and past. Frultvale: Christopher
John Baclgalupi, 26, San Francisco, and
Annie May Gabriel, 23, San Francisco.
Moskiman l^ot Married.
OAKLAND. Nov. 5.-"Dr." W. Bar.k
fceed Mosklm.in. the star pitcher of the
Oakland baseball team, denies the report
ed marrSftffe p.t S'ockton last week of him
self and Miss Catherine M. Cummings of
£t. Ilckr.a.
A codicil was added to- the will on Octo
ber 17. 1900. in which the annuity was re
voked to the slater. Elizabeth, and direct
ing the family to make the same pro
vision for her as he had don© during hfa
lifetime.
It Is the desire of the testator that the
widow distribute to each of the five chil
dren the sum of $10,000. said distribution
to be made in stocks and bonds or shares,
which can be so distributed without com
plications or injury to them. A recom
mendation is made to the widow not to
dispose of these holdings, as they are in
creasing in value annually. The trust la
to continue during the lifetime of the
widow, except that "In the event that
she shall marry then said trust shall Im
mediately cease."
To the widow, Jean M. Cllft. is left one
half of the community property, abso
lutely, and all of the personal property,
with one or two exceptions. The remain
ing half of the estate, goes to the chil
dren of decedent. To Frederick C. Clift.
a son. Is left a gold-headed can© and a
pair of quartz sleeve buttons. To Eliza
beth Cllft. a sister, residing at St. Day.
Cornwall. England, the sum of Jo<> cash
and J250 annually, payabla in monthly in
stallments, during her natural life. The
balance of the property, the testator di
rects, shall be given to widow, who ahall
hold It in trust for the five children, as
follows: Elizabeth Bowden Cllft, Fred
erick Charles Cllft. Clara Louisa Searle*.
Abble Bowden Lundborg and Jean Cow
den Cllft. The property is to be divided
In equal shares among these five chil
dren. If at any time any of the children
die without issue then the share of the
deceased Is to be equally divided among
the remaining children. The widow is to
have complete power to control and dis
pose of all the property, to sell, deed or
otherwise dispose of It without let or
hindrance and, as the will states, "with
no other or further Intervention or ac
tion on the part of any court of law or
equity than may be absolutely necessary
to carry out the purpose. Intent and terms
of this, my last will and testament."
The will of William Cllft. the wealthy
capitalist, who died In this city on October
23, was filed for probate to-day. The
estate is valued at $303,000. Of this sum
JSO.Ort) is represented by San Francisco
real estate. JSO. 0^ by Oakland real estate
and $13CUK>n by stocks and bonda. The
will is holographic, havinjr been written
in lead pencil, with several erasures and
substitutions. It bears the date of July
12. 1300.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1115 Broadway. Nov. 5.
Capitalist Leaves Big Estate
to the Widow and Five
Children.
WILLIAM CLIFT'S
WILL IS FILED
William R. Davis touched upon the
campaign' issues that were not treated by
Mr. Metcalf. He showed conclusively that
there is no danger of militarism or im
perialism in this country.
It has been my misfortune, for the most part
of the campaign to be In the country" of the
enemy. To-nlRht I find myself In the presence
of my friends. AH Indications point to a land
slide for McKinley and Roosevelt, prospority
and progress, to-morrow. Never In their lives
have such questions of vital interest been pre
sented by the two Kreat parties as now. The
Republican party has no apologies to off«>r this
campaign. It has a record to stand on. It is
not a record built upon the shifting sands of
time, but upon the rock of Gibraltar.
The Democratic party has never lived up to
the principles enunciated In the Declaration .if
Independence about which they are doing so
much talking now. History records many In
stances where they violated It. What Is all this
anxiety about the people in the new posses
sions beltisr crushed and put In bondage and
what about the consent of the governed? Why
all this, .when hundreds of thousands of ne-
Kroes, natives of these l?nlted States and citi
zens., are denied the right of suffrage by the
law of Intimidation In the South? Nothing is
said "by Mr. Bryan about that. Yet It is a.
fact that it Is being done only to perpetuate
Democratic power In these States.
Mr. Lukens expressed himself as pleased
at the happy auspices under which the
campaign was closing. The triumph for
the party of progress and prosperity, he
said, would come on the morrow, the
honor of the flag upheld and the Integrity
of the constitution maintained. The
chairman then introduced Victor H. Met
calf rs speaker of the evening, who said:
Th© Republican campaign in Alameda
County came to a close this evening with
a big mass meeting in the Tabernacle.
Long before the gathering was called to
order every seat was filled and when the
marching clubs came In, sweeping with
them a great throng, every Inch of space
was taken, hundreds being denied en
trance. The crowd overflowed with good
feeling and every speaker received his
quota of cheers. . .
A. H. Breed, chairman of the Republi
can County Central Committee, called the
meeting to order and introduced as chair
man for the evening G. R, Lukens, of
whom he said: "To-morrow we shall ad
dress him as Senator Lukens."
Oakland Office San Frftnclsco Call,
111S Broadway, Nov. 3.
Congressman Metcalf Talks
to Voters of Alameda
County. - ".
BIG RALLY IN
THE TABERNACLE
OAKLAND. Nov. 5. —Miss Florence Hay
den will make her debut Into society on
the afternoon of Thursday. November 15.
at a tea which is to be given by her moth
er. Mrs. B. Hayden. at her home. 1225
Madison street. For this tea and coming
out a large number of invitations have
been sent out. Those who have been
asked to receive with Miss Hayden are:
Miss Olive Mlddleton. Misi Ruth Dunham,
Miss. Crissle Taft. Miss Bessie Center.
MIfs Elsie Marwedel. Miss Ruth Knowle?.
Miss Bessie Palmer. Miss Alice Knowles,
Miss Martha 3now, Miss Edith Selby,
Miss Viva Nicholson. Miss Rowena Moore,
Miss Elsie Gregory. Miss G. Lacy. Miss
E. Downing and Miss Mar}' Barker.
The following named young men have
been asked to come In for supper: Wil
liam Watt. Lloyd Lacy, Kay Crawford.
Aldrich Barton. A. Center. Thomas
Knowles, William King. Earle Anthonv.
Robert Newell, W.Lelmert, Parker Holt,
R Nicholson, Rea Hanna and Philo Rend
ley.
• • •
An "afternoon" has been planned by
Mrs. Louise Alienderln honor of her
friend. Miss Bessie (Jage. who will leave
for Texas In a few days to winter. The
list of invited ones includes for the most
part special friends of the two ladles. The
party will be given on next Tuesday after
noon. The guests will be: Mrs. George
Hammer, Miss Kenna. Miss Crissle Taft.
Miss Lucy Moffitt, Mrs. Minor Goodall,
Mrs. Frederick Stratton, Mrs. J. C. Hamp
ton, Mrs. William Cooke. Miss Annie Ses
sions. Misses Pauline and Anita Lohse.
Misses Mona and Laura Crellln. the
Misses Nicholscn. Mrs. Harry Thomas,
Mrs. Frederick Stolp. Mrs. E. C. de Golia,
Misses Bertha and May Young. Mrs. A. S.
Bray. Mrs. Hopkins. Miss Effle Browne.
Misses .Mabelle and Irene Rutherford.
Mrs. Allender 13 to be assisted in receiving
her guests by her sister. Mrs. George de
Golla, and MiM Mabel and Miss Ethel
Gage.
• • •
Mrs. Austin N. Walton entertained a
number of young friends of her brother.
Charles McDermott. at a dancing party
Tuesday evening at her pretty home at
Linda Vista. The house was effectively
decorated with chrysanthemums and cos
mos.
• • • •
The friends of Mrs. R. T. Welsh sur
prised her on Halloween night at her
home In Berkeley. The surprisers marched
In with robes of white. Those present
were: Mrs. Well. Mrs. • Pilcher, Mrs.
Welch. Mrs. Lillian Potter, Mrs. Mason,
Miss Annie Jones, Miss Bessie Simmonds.
Miss Fredericks, Miss Uora Meyer. Miss
Whalen. the Misses Caroline; Messrs.
Spangler. Limbach. Charles McGreer,
Robert Welch. L. Welch. Frank Lockyer,
Todd. Jennings and Laborl.
The students of Anderson's Academy
and a number of residents of Irvlngton
were entertained Friday evening at the
academy by a brilliant and wlttv address
on Irish characteristics by H. H. Foster
of Oakland. Irish music was rendered by
Charles M. Richards of San Jose, who as
sisted Mr. Foster. This was the first of
several entertainments for the students
that have been planned by Professor An
derson.
• • •
ALAMEDA, Nov. 5.— Members of th»
Unitarian Club and their Invited friends
will be entertained Wednesday nlpht by
\V. H. Mills, who will deliver a lecture or.
the "Passion Play at Oberammergau."
During his recent visit to Europe Mr.
Mills witnessed the production of the
great religious tragedy and his observa
tions are expected to prove interesting
and instructive to his audience. As a fit
ting prelude to the address. D. M. Law
rence, tenor, will slngr "The Holy City."
and J. C. Hushes, basso, will also be
heard. '
Announcement Is made of the engage
ment of E. M. Lancaster and Miss Cora
Jackson of Versailles avenue. The wed
ding will occur about the middle of the
month.
Ladles of the First Baptist Church will
serve coffee nnd sandwiches In the old
postofnee quarters to-morrow evening
from 7, to 11 o'clock In the First Aletho
dlst Episcopal Church n dinner will be
served from 5:30 to 8 p, m. by the ladles
of the congregation.
Victor Nielsen of this city and Miss
Rose H. Canavan of Stockton were mar
ried Saturday evening at the home of the
groom's parents. Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Niel
sen of Stanton street. Miss Elsie Nlels«n
was maid of honor and Henry Nielsen
best man. Little Ethel Ilewes was the
ringbearer. Rev. T. J. Cacey officiated.
The couple will make their residence. In
this city.
Mr. and Mrs. A. V. Fisher of 1523 Wal
nut street have moved to San Francisco
for the winter months.
WILL MAKE
HER DEBUT
"We haven't pent for Cochran n^r have
we contemplated it. This. In fact. Is the
first I had h^ard about the matter."
Cclorcl <Jeorpe C. Edwards, chairman
if the faculty athletic committee, said:
"Th* ftcry is without foundation. No one
has F^nt fnr Cochran. We members of the
emmittee would certainly know if any
tuf~h action w^re taken, as we would have;
to authorize it."
CDach Kelly said, simply: "Why. it is
absurd. The rumor if groundless."
Cochran Is at present at Annapolis
rr-ar-hin^ th« naval cadpts' football squad.
bj tr""£p who would know of such an ac
tmn. It was widely rumored to-day that
lb« Berkeley mar.apement had tele
sraph«i to Co«-rran. now at Annapolis,
e^kirg him to c^mo to California.
Graduate Manager R»no Hutchtnson
said to-dav when a^ked r^gardinsr the ru
iror:-
The Ftory which has been gning the
rounds to tr>.» effect that Garrett Cochran
lea been sent for to assist Addison w.
Kelly coach the football teim is denied
The Stanford management will look over
these names and return a list of thnfe
who have the right to "play in the gam**.
A l:ke eligible list of Stanford m*»n will be
s-^r.t tr> Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Nov. 5.— A list of eligibles
for the California-Stanford football game
has b^n p'^par^i by the Berkeley man
agement and will be sent, to Stanford this
we^k. Trio names of fifty-one men are
on the liFt. They are as follows:
W. B. Atherton. E. Bishop. H. Braley, N.
E. Briggs. P. Ca*tlehun. J. A. Clay. C. A.
Cf»>ir.an. A. L.. Oornlah. L. A. Decoto. T. W.
I>ibb1e. . E. I>u<;«>n. M. IXmbar. L.. C Puff. E.
Kautz. W. Otrmnon, J. A. <»»n<l"ttt, J. U.
Har.^r., H. Hector. H. E. Hendricke. S.
H»r.<!ri<**. J. £. Hill. C. H. Hudson, C. U.
Kaeding. O. A. Kra.ftF. R. P. Luc*, R. TV".
air<~ o rnHck. B. T. MrUtn. E. Mini. J. Mt<?.
L P. Olwlf, O. Overall. R. F. Phillip*. J.
C. Picket!. H. IV. Pr*no, C. A. Prlngle. \V.
H. RamMur. T. Rowland. P. X. Pavaf. H.
R. P. J=h«>rrr«n. E. L. Smith. \\ . V .
»* . f*rr»»t»i, c. I-'. P'arr. P. XI. Stcwr. K-
'Ekfnner C. o. Van Val<r, C. C "Walker. H.
U Williams, J. C WMpple, L. A. \Yomt.l\
an<l D. A. Zan.
Story That Garrett Cochran Had
Been Sent For to Assist Coach
ing is Denied by Man
agement.
List of Those Who May Play
Football Thanksgiving
Day.
MEN ELIGIBLE
FOR BIG GAME
The property is known now as the Hotel
Glenwood, the Improvements consisting of
a three-story block, the street floor being
occupied by shops and offices and the up
per floors are used as a hotel. It Is one
of the prominent corners of the city, di
rectly opposite the City Hall and account
ed by real estate dealers as the best cor
ner in the business section of the city.
By this gift Mrs. Sather practically
completes the disposal of her entire for
tune to the University of California. Her
first transfer of property was to the re
gents, and comprised a miscellany of real
estate, bonds and corporation stocks and
money aggregating; $100,000. This was fol
lowed by a check for $10,000. And now
follows the third gift, making a grand to
tal of $2«n,ono. Mrs. Sather has control of
all of the real estate she has deeded until
her death. Then, with the money and col
laterals, it goes absolutely to the univer
sity. Some estimates upon the property
place the total value of the entire gift at
not less than $300,000.
President "vVheeler has accepted the
trust and Its conditions. To what pur
pose It Is intended the gift shall be put
the president says he has no definite
knowledge. He does not know that the
entire proceeds from the sale shall go to
the university, but he is confident tnat a
portion will be directed to some advance
ment of the institution's work.
These terms are Incorporated In the
deed of trust which was to-day placed on
record in the office of the County Re
corder.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Nov. 5.
Mr*. Jane K. Sather. widow of the late
Pedar Sather, has added to her already
munificent gifts of property and money to
the University of California the property
at the southwest corner of Washington
and Fourteenth streets. lfiO feet square
anri valued at $150,000. This pift was made
by a deed of trust to President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler. Mrs. Bather's only reserva
tion Is that she shall enjoy the Income
from th<; property during her lifetime, and
that after her death the property shall be
sold in accordance with written Instruc
tions which have been filed under seal in
the Central Bank.
Makes an Additional Deed of Half a
Business Block Covering the
Remainder of Her
Estate.
Mrs. Jane K. Sather Gives
a Fortune to the
Institution.
DEEDS WEALTH TO
STATE UNIVERSITY
I earpect thatAlameda County m-111 do as
well or nearly an well for the Republican
Ucket ad It dl4 four year* ago. There is every
Indication that th» county Is In Byznpathy with
th« administration. I believe that 6000 will
The Mayor.
R. TV. Snow, Mayor of Oakland, says:
Fred M. Campbell, executive manager of
the Metcalf National Republican Congres
sional Committee, has the following to
Bay:
California will give McKinley 21.000 plurality
and Metcalf will have a plurality of S750 In
the Third Congressional District. I have the*e
figures upon reports I have received from every
county in the fUate. and from nearly every
precinct In the State. The Metcalf committee
hes had unusually excellent opportunity to net
at the political pltuatlon. Our correspondence
ha* been enormous and every political center
has been effectively reached. I am well oatU
fled with the estimate* which I make.
National Secretary.
The County Committeeman.
Arthur H. Breed, chairman of the Ala
meda County Republican Central Com
mittee, pays:
After a thorough canvass of the county with
report* from every precinct I place McKlnley'f
plurality in Alarneda County at an easy wvyi.
Metcalf will carr\' the county by BOno. 'He Is
sure to run ahead of the ticket. The Repub
llcnns will, without doubt, elect all of the six
AH»emblyrr;en by good majorities, while Lukeno
for State Penator has a walkover. Conserva
tive report i> indicate the election of the three
Republican candidates for Supervisor without
any trouble. The Information I have received
frr.m the best and most reliable sources of
political Information leaves me confident In the
sweeping victory of the entire Republican
ticket In thi« county. The Republican candi
dates for Superior Ju4c have not even the
semblance of a fight on hand.
Tiie campaign ha* been a, good one. Mr. Met
calf Is going to have a great majority. In
Yfilo, normally Democratic by 350 or 400, the
Republican* have made . a hard and gallant
fieht and they »xepert to elect their Assembly
man. The Republicans are- making a Vterllng;
battle in Stanislaus County, and they will
crowd the IVtnocrat* closely. Solano County
will pile up a tremendous majority for Mc-
Kinley. at Ie«»t TioO. • Metcalf will run way
ahead of the ticket ther,e and 1 look for a
majority there for our distinguished Congreeo
mannf from 15<V) to l.Virt.
There is no doubt about the general result in
California. QOVIBOC Gage gave me an estimai-?
that the Republican majority south of Te
hacliaj'! will be 4<W> and upward.
There Is not any trouble, about the returned
poldlers. I have met many young men during
my campaigning who are discharged soldiers
fmm th» Philippines. They tell mm that they
are FurrortlnK President McKinley to a man.
Those people at home, they pay. who. like the
Hrvanltfs. are finding fault and are abusing the
army, are guilty of the havst ingratitude. The
army is all right and the fault finders, say my
young friends, would, from a sens»» of shame,
chanpe their views If before growling they
would investigate the real condition of affairs
in the Philippine*. This is the sentiment of
nine out of ten of the. soldiers who have been
mustered out.
Having completed a tour of the Central Cali
fornia counties, from Modesto to Yo!«. I am
prepared to say that California i» Fafely Repub
lican by r plurality of not less than $000 or 9000
a.« a rlose minimum, and up to 20,<.i»0 as the n\i'
flde calculation. My tour has demonstrate!
Fatirfactorily that no .Republicans who voted
for President McKinley In 1S36 will abandon
the adminlFtration now. I have also learned
with much irratifl>atlon that those silver Re
publicans who strayed oft four year* ago are
heck in line. At all of my meeting* I have met
many such men, who have unhesitatingly as
sorted their alleRlane^ and their adherence
again to the party.
William R. Davis, Presidential Elector
from the Third District, has stumped the
greater part of th» State for McKinley
and gives this .view:
The Presidential Elector.
The most earnest and successful cam
paigiiT that has pone out of Alameda
County this year is Congressman Victor
H. Metcalf. Congressman Metcalf has
spoken In every town in his district, and
his reception ha? be<*n most enthusiastic.
He has not advocated his own candidacy,
hut has always spoken for the Republican
national ticket and ' for such local can
didates as might be running. Not once
In the large number of speeches that he
has made has he referred to his own nom
ination, but always to others. 'This care
ful ami painstaking campaign has made
a wonderful impression upon the mem
bers of the party in the. Third Congres
sional District. Mr. Metcalf Is sanguine
but n^t extravagant in his estimates for
the dl.-trict.
"I believe that Alameda County will give
about the same majority this year that
it did four years ago," said the Congress
man. "The indications are that the in
terior r,f the district will be strongly Re
publican. As for my own vote, I "hardly
expect to get as large a majority as he
fore. I nearly doubled the normal Repub
lican majority and I don't expect to do
that again."
The Congressman
OAKLAND. Nov. 5-Alameda County
will support the Republican ticket just
as loyally as it did two and four years
ago. Four years ago it was the unusual
Republican vote In Alameda that saved
the State to McKinley. l"p to that elec
tion the Republican majority had been
about 3000. rarely more. But Alameda
voted nobly for McKinley and by piling
up a majority of 5300, something that
was unhr-ard of before, paved th<» State.
It will not be necessary for Alameda
to save the State this year, but the coun
ty is going to do Its best tnwnrd keeping
the Republican banner, and the party
leader? believe that it will Rive as large
a majority as it did four years ago. The
registration is 2222 greater than at that
time, and the larger portion of this n«*w
vote will be Republican, so that this will
offset any loss that may take place in
other quarters.
Estimates Given Out by Leaders of
Both Parties as -to Results.
be a v»»y fair estimate rf the majority, and
I am lncl!n»d t<% b? a little conservative.
The Democrats,
John J. McDonald, chairman of the Ala
mpfla County Democratic Central Com
mittee, makes this statement:
I concede th-it MrKlnley's plurality in AlaV
m^ria County will tw> 35W. That Is an outside
lioire In my judgment. MPtcalf will carry
Alam»cU County by 2(W. The I>emorrata stand
a tf>v<j rhar.c* of electing May in the Forty*
sixth linembly District, and they have a flffht-
InK e'.iancn with White in the Forty-»iK*itl;
District and Gilder In the Forty-ninth Dis
trict. For Supervisor, Well*, the Democrat,
mav win In the First District. English hap a
fair chance in th« Fourth District, and there
will h- a clone fight between Kandreean and
Mltrhell in the Fifth r>l«trlet.
BARNES PRAISES KNOWLAND.
Republicans Close Campaign in Ala-
ineda With Big Meeting.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 5.-The Alameda Re
publicans closed their campaign to-night
with r\ rousing rally in Armory HaJl,
which ins packed with an eager and en
thusfasUc audience, including in Its num
bers many ladles. General W. H. L.
Barnes -was the orator of the occasion. He
arrived on the S:10 narrow gauge train and
was net at the Park-street station by a
delegation of solid McKinley and Roose
velt citisens and a brass band and escort
ed to the meeting hall.
To Dr. John T. Mcl/ean was accorded
the h^nor of presiding. He is one of Cali
fornia's venerable Republican stalwarts.
Dr. McLean's first vote was cast for
Henry '.'lay. and when he registers his
ballot to-morrow he will have voted for
fifteen candidates for the Presidency. His
was the hand that wrote the first call for
a Hepurllcan State Convention in Califor
nia in th>? early fifties. Chairman McLean
was in a particularly happy mood and his
introductory remarks evoked much ap
plause.
General Barnes was given an ovation
when he was Introduced. He launched
into a eulogy of Assemblyman Joseph R.
Knowland, who is a candidate for re-elec
tion to represent the Forty-seventh Dis
trict.
"I got to know Mr. Knowland well
during that memorable three months of
torture we enjoyed together during the
contest at Sacramento for United States
Senator. My young friend Knowland has
said that under the* same circumstances
he would support me for the same posi
tion again, but I want to say, ladies and
gentlemen, he will never again get the
opportunity. I believe that in that fight
I had the support of every untrammeled
and uncontrolled representative in Sacra
mento. Mr. Knowland was one of my
most loyal friends, and he made a* name
for ability and honesty that has never
been surpassed by any man who has ever
represented the people at Sacramento.
"I have been asked about my opinion
on the outcome of the national election.
I have some faith in betting men. I read
in the papers whore those who wager are
betting 5 to 1 on the general result and 10
to 1 on the outcome in New York. To
morrow I think the odds will be about 15
to 1 on McKinley and Roosevelt."
Short talks were made by Joseph R.
Knowland. Judge John Ellsworth and Dr.
C. L. Tiedale
SPANISH WAR VETERANS
. BEING MISREPRESENTED
Publication Makes Unauthorized
Statement That They Are
Against Metcalf.
OAKLAND. Nov. 5.— The so-called
Army and Navy Gazette which has
been issued in the Interests of Frank
Freeman, the Democratic candidate for
Congress against Victor H. Metcalf, has
caused lots of trouble In the organizations
which It Is sought to make it appear it
represents. Every artifice of wording has
been used to make it appear that the Ga
zette Is an official organ of th<* Army and
Navy League, the Grand Army and the
Spanish-American war veterans. The
sheet distinctly says "Spanish-American
War Veterans" under the heading, and an
effort Is made to have It appear that the
organization Is supporting Freeman and
the Democratic ticket. This has caused
all kinds of trouble in «the order.
"That is a misuse of the name of our
order." paid Ralph J. Faneuf. one of the
organizers of the order in Oakland. Mr.
Faneuf was a member of th*> Tenth Penn
sylvania Volunteers and went through the
entire Manila campaign, and has taken a
prominent part In the formation of a camp
in Oakland. "That shoet was issued by a
member and an officer In the order, and
he has attempted to make It appear that
the order Is backing a certain set of can
didates. This Is not true, and Is an at
tempt to use the order for political pur
poses. Our constitution expressly states
that no politics shall be allowed to creep
In. and the safety of our organization de
pends upon that. The matter has created
a great deal of dissatisfaction among the
members of the order, not on political
grounds alone, but because It Is an at
tempt to drag the order into politics. The
matter will undoubtedly be brought up at
the next meeting, and in the meantime we
are anxious to have it known that the or
der Is in no way responsible, for the Issu
ance of that sheet."
ALAMEDA COUNTY WILL
GO HEAVILY REPUBLICAN
the wrong end of a plank." And as if
understanding Sill said no more.
VIEWING BLOOD-RED MOON
AT 4 A. M. HAS STRANGE EF
FECT ON A POLICEMAN.
OAKLAND. Nov. 5.— When Po
liceman Lee Andrews hears a
cry of "Fire!" nowadays he
runs for the nearest telegraph
pole and butts his head against
it with all the force that is encompassed
within his wide girth. It is like shaking
a red rag in front of a mad bull to men
tion the word within hearing of the vigi
lant patrolman. His friends are becom
ing seriously aJarmed lest some uncanny
experience has turned his brain. But the
story of Andrews' recent and now famous
attempt to extinguish the peaceful moon
by" calling out the Oakland Fire Depart
ment is all that is needed to quiet the
fears of inquirers.
Here is the remarkable tale of Andrews'
desperate effort to drive the orb of night
out of the heavens:
It happened a few nights ago that An
drews was near the close of his long vigil.
He was quietly easing his weary pedal ex
tremities at the corner of Seventh and
Market streets and awaiting the hour of
4 a. m., when he should report off and hie
himself to his couch to slumber. Mor
pheus had not quite captured the weary
bluecoat, but the sleepy god was nearly
upon his victim.
Suddenly Andrews plunged Into action.
Tn the haze of the morning he saw a great
light in the east. Huge volumes of smoke
clouded the air. As he gazed there passed
what seemed a great conflagration across
hi* vision. The policeman waited not,
but quickly grabbing a bicycle from the
near-by station scorched with all his
"Oh. I don't know." retorted Andrews.
"I never pawed myself Into the bay from
To make matters worse for the discon
certed Andrews. Police Sergeant Harry
Green. Policeman McSorley and Police
man Sill, who responded to the call, have
not done yet with their fun at the expense
of the man who was fooled by the moon.
The only thing that gives Andrews con
solation after his ludicrous faux pas is
the fact tbat he Isn't the only Oakland
policeman who ever made a blunder.
"Well you're a lobster." was Policeman
Sills* happy comment.
"Follow me," ordered the policeman,
who rushed to the alarm box at Seventh
and Washington streets, where he sent in
the signal that set the big clanging bells
stringing throughout the city. More en
pines, more hose carts, more fire trucks
tore through the streets, and then An
drews' fire loomed up as the biz, round
moon burst out in silvery glow from be
hind a cloud, placidly shedding: its rays
upon the astonished patrolman, halt a
hundred angry firemen and a bunch of
brother policemen who had responded to
Andrews' frantic- blasts upon his police
whistle for assistance in quenching the
enormous conflagration that had aroused
him.
Lights were up in a second. The hoarse
command of the captains mingled with
the tramping- of the prancing norses as
they dashed to their places. Then the
rumbling of the heavy engines. hose carts
and ladder truck in the still morning
aroused the neighborhood.
might to the lire engine house at Sixth
street and Broadway.
"Turn out. Fire! Fire!! Fire!!!" shout
ed the patrolman as he rattled and banged
at the doors. The sleepy fir Amen, aroused
by the extraordinary disturbance, plied
out half clad.
WELL-KNOWN OAKLANDERS WHO HAVE FORESWORN BRYANIZED DEMOCRACY AND WHO WILL, CAST THEIR VOTES NEXT TUESDAY FOR
McKINLEY. FIRST OF ALL, THEY HAVE TURNED THEIR BACKS ON BRYANISM FOR THE REASON THAT THEY DO NOT CONSIDER IT TO BE
DEMOCRACY; SECOND. THAT THERE IS NOTHING IN THE KANSAS CITY PLATFORM THAT WAS NOT BORN OF POPULISM.
They Can. See Nothing But Panic and Hard Times in the Country
if the Nebraskan Should Happen to Be Elected.
FIVE MORE WELL-KNOWN DEMOCRATS
WHO FEAR BRYAN AND BRYANISM
MISTAKES THE PEACEFUL
MOON FOR CONFLAGRATION
Glow in Clouds and Calls Out Fire Department.
* •
Policeman Andrews Suddenly Beholds Luna's Lurid
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
THE RAN* FRANCISCO CAIili, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
OAKLAND, Isov. 5. — The Berkeley Ma
sonlc Hall Association, which was re
cently organized, has purchased from the
rotate of the late James McOee a lot at
the intersection of Grove and Center
etre-ts for the purpose of building a hall
thereon. The purchase pri"* »•»« tifcw
To Build Masonic Hall.
11
TONT HURRYl' JB$F
Take time to see th atj|Ly I
the label bears the /mt&gL
signature in blue-
Then you are
sure you tevej&B&fig
the real i&§§f5spiTHE SAT? FRANCISCO CALL, N TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
12
OFFICES A?TP STORES TO — ET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 93T Market st.—
Light sunny offices, $13 to $20 per month, with
l!ght. heat. Janitor and use of phone.
LARGE! elegant store and basement. OS V»-
lencla st.. near 21st: business center.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pln« street!
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALK.
PROVEN oil lands in the Kern River field
for sale; no stock proposition; no wildcat
scheme; this Is sure territory In the largest
ar.d best known Held In California. If yoa
want to form a company buy good land on
the line of the railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN
& SOMES.-*. C. MASON, asent. 11 Mont-
gomery st.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Elack 581-
11 ME. NEERGAAKD. 700 Post: — * Hyde <!*K»:
hour * I to 5 «ve.. and Sunday by appointment.
PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner blg-
PERSOXALS.
THE present -whereabouts of MR. A___CAX-
DER- KARL ZITTERBARTH. formerly a
clerk, born Ii53. emigrated 1SS6, lived In 1SS?
1_ New York. 23 W. X8th St., 1» wanted by hit
sister. Ally Information may be addressed to
the Consulate General of Austria-Hungary.
In New York, or DOCTOR JOSEB* HOCKE.
In Vienna (Austria).
IF ALBERT ELSEY. carver, who waa residing
In and. near Vancouver, British Columbia, dur-
ing tbe years 1891 to 1895. and afterward Jn
California, and was last heard of In Sonera.
Calavera* County. In California, about June.
1838, will ajply to the undersigned he will
hear of something to his advantage. 'WELLS
_ HIND. Solicitors. Nottingham. England.
ALL persona are hereby notified that I will
not pay any bills contracted by any person or
rgrsons whomsoever -'thou^'ny^ten^u.
WILL the person who wrote a letter to MR.
BROWN and signed It "A Friend" kindly
let him have an Interview.
A. D. T. messengers to hold place* tn line.
Grand Opera. Apply 607 Market st.
GENTLEMAN about to settlft In Mexico City
will be glad to execute commissions, repre-
gent <_>mmerclal house, etc. Box «>. Call.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 307 Jessie st.
FIREMEN'S shirts made In first-class style.
240VJ Sixth St.. room 16.
CARD reading; gentlemen 60c: hours, 1 to 5
and 7 to 10. 905^ Mission St.. room 1.
LEDERER is th« hair dresser who gives you
the latest hair style* for the least money. 23c.
ewltcheg. $1 up. 122 Stockton st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792:
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty: fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 31S and 33) 11th st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 ThVrd St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $4 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
CONSTIPATION— Positive cure by means of
i the Dilator or Marvelous Blood Circulator: no
drugs or medicine. 982 Geary; consult free.
St-'ITS to order on Installments: $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market »t., be-
¦ tween Seventh and Eighth.
NOTICE— I clean all kinds of wallpaper s*m»
aa new: free trial. Parker. S490 Post st.
LEDEP.ER'S Quintonlca Hair Tonic stops the
hair from falling out, price 25c bottle.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede GUrres;
$1 23 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC mauage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanse* ths
scalp thoroughly. 5c pkg> Oet gample pkg.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c. all druggists.
EUY your coal of LANGE & GOJT, successors
tc W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto.: tel. Sutter 277S.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair,
mole*; trial free. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. umfer St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. J~HlER¥ERT^rTEVE71«^Ke^rriy~Bt^
New hygienic sanitarium; supposed lncurabl*
chronic diseases are cured by electro hygiene.
DR. C. C. O*DONNKLL— Office and residence.
1021H Market ?t.. between Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— Lodgicg-housa for cash or ex-
change, fruit and grain farm, with or with-
out Improvements, or exchange farms for
home near bay. Apply A. L. WILLET. room
18. Slg Market St.. S. F. : office hours S to 3.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE:.
IF you have well-located property In the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
you really want to sell, then call on the under-
signed. W. J. GUNN. S30 California st.
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Then
call on __, J". GUNN. 530 California **?
MODERN houses built: lowest prtces: plans and
estimates furniahed. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE COUSTRY For Smla
ALL the counties: free list* of farms and prop-
erty In bay cltlws for sale or exchange. M.
GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. r. 1. nr. Call bid*.
WRITE J. "W. HORN. 812 Main st, Petaluma.
for free copy Sonoma Co. bargains; new edition.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE for San Francisco residence', north
of Market St., new 9-room dwellrng, large lot
aril barn; situated In select residence section
Oakland. BFLDEN & COOK. Washington
and Fourteenth sts.-. Oakland.
NEW cottage. S rma.. bath; lot 50x100: Mission*
rental terms; and vacant lots. 413 Kearny we
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKDA RKAL ESTATE.
$2250— AUCTION price; finest modern B-roora
cottage In Alameda: perfect plumbing: flna
location; 2 blocks from station & high school;
fair terms. A. G. Burns. 1S01 Park. AUmed—
$3300 WILL buy a choice new house of 8 rooms;
half cash. Owner. J. H. YOUNG. 12C Park.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALR REAL ESTATE.
SMALL chicken ranch for sale; bargain. In-
qulre P. NIELSEN. Grocer. Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL _ ESTATE.
EOXJND BARGAINS.
Twenty houses and cottages 'or tale re-
quired by mortgage that I am authorlxed to
sell; easy terms; some same aa rent; send or
call for what you want.
Ranches for sales from tt to SO. SCO acres.
Thirty-page catalogue of homes.
Good business chances of all kinds.
For all bargains see E. E. BUNCE,
New offlce. 9.'2 Broadway. Oakland.
Request open on Sunday.
J175 CASH. $W monthly: new cottage; S larga
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation. 1
large level lots. 50x156; price all told. $773:
will fence and finish up to suit buyer: plenty
of water: sol!, climate ana view the very
best; close to electric car line and 90- Io t
wide boulevard, and net, far from model
schoolhouse: no fogs nor raw winds here- ad-
joining East Oakland; 10 buildings up
already, more coming; call or send for cir-
cular: 453 Seventh st., near corner Broadway
Oakland; carriage free. HENRY Z JONE3.'
Owner. "¦ •
*lC0*-r.-RCXm house, barn and chicken houses;
Thirty-third St.. near Grove; foreclosure
BELDEN & COOK. Washington aSd Fou£
teenth sts.
$240O-NEW cottage of 6 rooms; latest plumb-
lngr. finish. and architecture: locate*) on NE
£££1- ™ u? e ne'Khborhood. BELDEN &
COOK. Washington and Fourteenth ill!
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
n.N & to., iocs Broadway. Oakland.
2^Sb^B^Ji^izI^B. KOR sale.
A ft»St« < rl u^T 0^ rrom H.schrii_a_r_5
furniture dealer. Uta and Franklin. Oakland.
HELP ¦ WANTED-MALE.
WANTED— A cook In smajl restaurant. »4SH'
Third st. '_
"WANTED— A night watchman. Lodging-house,
95 Steuart at. ' ¦
•WANTED— Porter for barber shop. 11 Sixth st.
FIRST waiter and lunch waiter wanted at 660
Howard st. Call early.
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 12S Sixth Bt. Call
early.
WANTED— First class ladles' tailor: also first
class coatmaker at once. P. GLIXMAN,
Vallejo, Cal. -.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 107 Berry st.
GOOD bushelman wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD
& CO., 718 Market st.
BOOTBLACK. 947 Flllmore St., corner Mc-
Alllster. •
WANTED— ;A German young man to help along
In kitchen. 8 Golden Gate avenue.
WANTED— Boy to help plumber at new build-
ing on Stelner st.. between Broadway and
Vallejo. *
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' Union meets to-night
115 Tjirk St.. 9 o'clock. I. LESS, secretary.
WAITER wanted; must do porter work. 37
Eddy st.
FIRST-CLABS coatmaker wanted; free sitting;
room and high prices paid. P. S. NORDEN-
SHULD, 1257 Broadway. Oakland.
WAITER at 19 Powell at. '
COATMAKERS and operators wanted on cu_-
tom coats. 204 Tehama st.
BARBER shop for sale In country; good sho— r
for married man. Apply at 106 Ellis «t..
DECKELMAN BROS.
A NORWEGIAN or Swedish family can get a
good house .and barn In the county for the
winter; rent free; 20 acres- of farming land
for rent If desired near town; good road:"
healthy location and good water. Address
P. O. box 874. Santa Cruz. Cal.
A — WANTED — 15,000 men of backbone to vote
for JOHN G. WOOLLEY, for the home
against the saloon.
GOOD BWlft coatmakers to xrork inside; steady
work and good pay. Apply at 27 Geary St.,
second floor.
RELIABLE young man for grocery store and
take care of horses. B. K. TRUELSEN.
Golden Gate. Cal.
"WANTED— Boy who has worked at upholster-
Ing. Apply 341 Hayes st.
STEADY man with $125: will pay $60 a month:
no experience required. 1016 Market, room 10.
COATMAKER or pantsmaker can have nice
seat room. 104 Kearny «t., tailor shop.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento st.. near Montgomery: one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics* to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 117 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Ce.. old, reliable
firm, 806 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg.: pen-
sion vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.rice. 562 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. __ Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
. to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
RANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
JOc. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard at.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HEMORRHOIDS. * i
PILES— 300 cures business men in San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 19S0. Call.
HORSISS. LI VK STOCK. Kfc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, t buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse/ Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Light span of young mares. Inquire
1202 Mission st.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom St., S.F.
2 FRESH cows with calves for sale. Apply !
J. F. PERLE. «Angel Island.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^R'lNTED^ClS^Houses to let ; send for" cl?
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE. 8 rooms and batn: lot 23x137; f 1713 Ed-
dy St.. near Pierce; price $4250.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
HYPSOT1S3I.
PROF. DILLON, considered by the press and
public as America's greatest hypnotist:
teaches hypnotism scientifically in class or
private; all rervous diseases and bad habits
cured without the use of drugs. 324 O'Farrell.
COMPLETE course Instructions and diploma,
5 lessons. $5: cigarette and other bad habits
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND, 997
Market St.; hours 2 to 5 dally.
INVALIIl CHAIRS A>D TRICYCLES.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricyclw Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Between Parrott bldg. and Columbian
Bunking Co., four notes, one for $500 and
three for $5 each. Please return same to 537
Parrott bldg. ; reasonable reward.
LOST— Bunch of keys In Western Add. Return
696 Grove st.. bakery; reward.
LOST — Large brown water spaniel dog, with
heavy leather collar. 3SS7 Seventeenth st.: re-
ward.
LOST — On a Sutter-st. car, a purse; please re-
turn and receive reward. 1601 Post St.
M-D1OAJU
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market— Ladles' -
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully: positive cure
guaranteed at offlce: ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can Use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. oth; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
DRS. GOODWIN— Expert In all female all-
ments; a positive and quick cure guaranteed;
treatment at offlce, $5; well-known and re-
liable cure.' 10074 Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice; guaranteed treatment at offlce, $3:
any ailment; home for patients; consult free.
942 Post et., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ted: send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladles' spe-
clallst: safe nnd sure cure. $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist -for
37 years. 323 Kearny st.
; MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' specialist;, home
for patients. 610 Eddy st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOH SALE. '
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
I BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
1 above Sixth; write for catalogue. .
• ST. GERMAIN Billiard Co;, formerly Jacob
Strahle &.Co. : pioneer billiard house: estab-
lished 1S52. 409. Market St.; billiard, pool, tlv-
oll and pagoda tables; "expert" cushions, un-
' rivaled for speed, accuracy and durability;
celebrated "Rapid" steam and lager beer ap-
paratus, with flushers and. cleaners ; lnstall-
i I ments or rented.
: A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
• I gines, boilers, water pipe, shaftlng,\ pulleys,
I etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st. \
i . .
• . A— ALMOST new D. B. . hammerless shotgun
! I for $28: original cost $50. UNCLE HARRIS,
I 15 Grant ave.
- HELP WAN TED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..*.
Head waitress, $25; 3 waitresses, city. $20;
restaurant waitress. $8; E waitresses, different
country hotels, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait
dinner, $20; 2 chambermaids, first-class hotels,
915; plain laundreBs, country, $25; plain laun-
dress. $20, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....".
Houeekeeper, J13 for. widower, see party here
at S o'clock; housekeeper, country, $15; house-
keeper, city. $1S; cook, 2 In family, Ban Ra-
fael, $30. see party here; houseglrl, choice
place, Oakland, $25; FVench eecond Birl, city.
$20; French houseglrl for country. $25; very
choice place for housework, city, $25; nurse-
girl, care of 2 children, city; many others for
housework, nurspglrls, second girls too numer-
ous to enumerate. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geasy st.
HOUSEGIRL. ranch, 2 In family, $30, eery
choice place, see party here 10:80. C. R.
HANSEN* _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOUSEKEEPER, Institution, country. $25. C.
R. HANSEN' & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Experienced salesgirl for ladles*
muslin underwear. Apply Manager Under-
muslin Dept., Emporium, and Golden Rule
Ba zaar.
NEAT young girl for light housework; Ger-
man preferred. 451 Guerrero st. Call fore-
noon.
GLOVE banders and binders and driving-glove
makers. FARRANT & CO.. 1435 Market St.
YOUNG girt to take child out. 1510 Pine st.
HAND sewers on custom pants; also operator
immediately. 504 Kearny St., room 10.
TOUNG girl for light housework: family
adults; wages $10. 1554 7th St.. Oakland.
MIDDLE - AGED woman for housekeeper
wanted; good home. 68 Bast ave., Holly Pk.
WANTED— Experienced seamstress on altera-
tlon work. Address box 75. Call office.
"WANTED— A good first-class waitress at 304
' Mason Et. ; wages $7 a week.
WANTED^Flrst-cla* finleher on pants. 410
Kearny St., room 32. third floor.
PANTS finisher: steady work. 110 "William St..
off Geary, near Taylor.
WOMAN about 45 yearn for light housework.
815 Van Ne»s ave. ¦
"WANTED— Girl for general housework and
plain cooking. 249 Fourth st.
OPERATOR and finisher on pants. 83 Third
street.
"WANTED — Young woman for general house-
work; 2 In family; references. 841 Ellis st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
83S O'Farrell st.
WANTED — By widower t* 'lth two children, a
good housekeeper. Box 76, Call.
YOUNG girl to help In housework; about 14 to
18 years. 984 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED talloress wanted on custom
coats. 305 A Mason st.
FIRST-CLASS help at once on ladles' tailor
suits. S. KRAMER. 220 Powell st.
TAILORESS wanted as pants finisher. £>S
Kearny St., room 18, top floor.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 85S Howard st..
between Fourth and Fifth, over ball court.
WANTED— A girl to work In bakery. 123 Tay-
lor et.
WANTED — A girl between 18 and 20 to care for
child. Call at 280 Minna St.. below Fourth.
WANTED— A waitress for small restaurant.
1522 Kentucky st.
WANTED— Lady tailor; coatmaker; steady
Job. 666 Fifth st. Oakland.
NURSEGIRLS. second girls and cooks, $25.
CATTELL'S. 625 Eighth St.. Oakland.
WANTED — French or German girl for upstairs
work, waiting at table and sewing; references
required. Call between 9 and 10 or 5 and 6
at 16<0 Pine st. ¦
GIRL for plain cooking and assist In house-
work; small family. 1444 O'Farrell. upper flat.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
623 Haight st. ¦
GIRL for general housework at 1134 Ellis St.
YOUNG girl for general housework; need not
cook. Call at 1S31 Eddy st.
WANTED — At once, a woman of strong per-
sonality; will be well paid if capable; refer-
ences required. Box 63. Call offlce.
BE WING girls, attention I — Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts: steady
work; good pay. Lowenbers Co.. 27 Jessie st.
FIRST-CLASS pantsmakers; good wages. Ap-
ply at once, 504 Kearny st., room. 10.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing; $15. 42 Stanley, bet. 1st & 2d, off Harrison.
WANTED— Small girl: light housework; $10 to
$12. 1022H Folsom st. .
WANTED— Experienced apprentices and finish-
ers on coats; stendy work. 11T Russ st.
GIRLS to learn book folding. 636 Clay Bt.
WANTED— German lady to assist In bakery;
.good home. 9S0 Harrison st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmor* st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subFcrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla nt.
HELP WAIVTED MALE:.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main SS4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
"WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY «
Turner and I and sawyer. $3 a day, country
Job; wagon, makers, woodworkers $75, $90
Blacksmith: also other mechanics; 3 miners;
carriage painter; boys to learn trades; coach-
men; 16 laborers for a mine, you'll suit. $34
and found; 3S laborers and teamsters, fl 75
and $2 a day; teamsters and laborers, city
Jobs
29 milkers, farm hands, etc., $26 and found,
$30, $25 and found; 9 choremen and boys
5 farmers and wives 150. $10 and found
Milker and wife, $40 and found; 6 laborers,
city factories; 12 stablemen, buggy washers,
hostlers, etc., city and country. $50, $40, $35,
$30, $25 and found: 155 woodchoppers and tie-
makers, $3, $2 50, $2. $1 50, $1 cord, 13c. 12c. 10c
each, tools, provisions and cabins furnished...
Boys to drive delivery wajrons, $5 and $6 week.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL rfEPT OTHER DEPTS
Steward for a club, $40 and* found; chef and
eecond rook, country hotel, see boss here:
jrrocery clerk; first and second baker. $60 and
$45 and found; 27 cooks, different places, $60,
$50, $40. $30 and found: some cooks and dish-
washers, same places, come see: cook and
wife. 25 men, no women there, $45; 18 dish-
washers and waiters, $35, $30, $25, $20 and
found; second, third and flrst hand bakers;
boys to drive bakery and other wagons, etc.:
pantrymen, porters, butchers, etc.; experi-
enced delicatessen man, $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
A-WANTED
Driver for milk wagon. $35 and found; stable,
man for livery stable, middle-aged man.
$30 and found; 2 milkers, city, $30 and $35:
cook, hotel, city, $40; baker's helper, $30 and
found and fare paid; 4 woodchoppers, 4-foot '
red and pine wood, SOc and $1 a cord. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'8 104 Geary st.
WANTED
....50 experienced coal miners. ...New Mexico
. ....50 experienced coal miners.... New Mexico
....60 experienced coal miners.... New Mexico
Best of wages
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
Ship Saturday
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
RAILROAD WORK.
6 stonemason*, R. R. work, Nevada. .$3 M day
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— CHEF. $>B0: second cook, $75; baker, hotel.
|45; bellboy, $10; washer, hand laundry, coun-
try hotel, $30 and fare advanced; waiter, pri-
vate family. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
A— 6 CARPENTERS, 6 cabinetmakers. 8 bench
hands. 2 sash and door men; sticker hand for
Oakland. MECHANICS' REGISTRATION
BUREAU, 410 Kearny st., room 9. Non-
union mechanics please register; new Jobs
dally; no of floe fees. , ¦
YOUNG man to wait at table, small place; $20
to $25 and found. 700 Mission st.
BEAM hands and table hands. H. N. COOK
BELTING CO.. 317 Mission Bt.
GROCERY clerk who understands horses. N.
W. cor. Twenty-first and Mission sts. •
WANTED— A stair builder. 819 Diamond st.
EX-SOLDIERS; rood salary; must bf of good
. address and talker. Apply box 54, Call offlce.
SHIRT polisher wanted at St. Nicholas Laun-
dry. Seventeenth and Folsom sts. -
MIDDLE-AGED or elderly man as porter in
saloon. Call at 1364 Folsom 6t.
WANTED— Cashboys at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED- An errand boy In tailor Bhop.' 135',i
Natoma st.. near New Montgomery st.
COOIC wanted, man or woman, take half in-
terest In good restaurant; part cash, balance
time; good opportunity. LANE & CO.. 865
Market st. ,
WANTED— A third hand on bread. Call at 338
Third st. ¦ --
SIDE line of gloves for right party. Inquire ol
EXCELSIOR GLOVE CO., 415 Market »t.
LUDGI\G-HOV«-Vj FOR SALE.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., r. 1. Free list of
Ell houses; abstract free; money to loan.
"-room flat; new: electric liprht $375
8 rooms; sunny side; low rent 250
10 n?oms; renc $-'.3; clears $25 month 3.10
14 rooms: rent $10; always full 350
18 rooms; rent SCO; clears $83 month 600
20 rooms: transient: new; leaving city 1200
?4 rooms; Income $200; 4 blocks n. Market.. 1400
i"6 rooms; corner; fine apartments; no work. 1630
27 rooms; rent S."3; on Mkt. St.; all sunny. 1000
SO rooms; all men; clears $107 month 1700
40 room?; rent $150; bon ton; the finest.... 4500
43 rooms; rent S150; income $400 mbnth.... 4000
4Ti rooms; line corner apartments 2S0O
F.3 rooms; rent $160; 2 blocks of Market 2000
75 rooms; center of city; money coiner 4000
A— I2-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
20-room house; fii-st-class 1050
11-room house; $475; C-room flat 325
20-room house; Eddy; rent $7.">; only fOQ
FISHER & CO., 1022 Market st.
ROOMING house of 17 rooms on account of
Flcknffs; cheap. 120A Eddy st.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGON'S.
ALL kinds of — •agon«. bursles. .carts, harness,
etc.. cheep. KGAX & SON. 2317 Mission gt.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. CS2 Mission.
NEW _: 2<5-h_nd wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun.,\Ved.,Frl.
ev*s; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
£13 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MME. TOtTNG'S test circle , to-night. 305 Lar-
kin; 10c; test meeting to-morrow night, Nep-
tune Wigwam, Webster et., Sta. Ala., 10c
MRS. MAXWELL, spiritual meeting to-night;
convincing test S. 1235 Howard; read, dally.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; articles
•read, 10c; psychic readings, 60c, $1. US Sixth.
MRS. LESTER. 621 Turk St.; circles Sun..
Tues., Frl., S p. m. ; dev. clr. Wed. eve, 25c
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
MRS. KOTTER'S circle to-night; test to all.
10c; sittings dally; ladles. EOc; gents, $1. 24 6th.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness medium, life reader; sittings $L 1104 Mkt.
EDWARD EARLE. psychic. 128 Powell et. ;
hours. 9 to 5; Sunday at EC. of P. Hall.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing tests to-night; lCc.
CLAIR VO VASTS.
MME.' PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born \/.th double veil & second sight;
diagnoses dls«juse with life reading; ladiefl 50c,
gents $1; palm and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
REMOVED— The great inspirational card read-
er; price 2Ce and 50c; hours 10 a. m. till 9 p. j
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 22S Fulton st.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently: advice
given In all affair- In life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor st., near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium:
ladies' circle Thurs., 2 p. m.; Fri., 8; clr., 25c.
MME. ZEREDA. the gyp?y, Is the great palm-
ist ar.d card reader; 23c. 7 Seventh St.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium: 25c up. S23 Mission et-.nr.4th; ring bell.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MP.S. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 423 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. VALE— X, clair., card reader, palmist;
lucky charms. 25c up. 215 Leavenworth st.-
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448H Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names plven: 2T»c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAIU'ET HEATIXO AXD CLEAMXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAfLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, .V3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 213 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents cleaned,
Sc yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie S44.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
1 CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
; STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth St.; lei South 250.
j ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.; j
i tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
! CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 GoU?n
; Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
i BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
i painless: consult'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
j COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
I less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
; UNION, 213 A— Cottage, 4 rooms, bath; rent 13;
I no children.
DENTISTS.
I AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcT^OS Mar^
i ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
| have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
i without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
: $3 £0 up; plates, extractions free. 54 SO up; of-
fice hours. S a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
: p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
• EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
! and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
I deiful secret, painless method: 20 years" ex-
i perlence; no students; advice free; prices
! cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
j DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
j A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
i warranted for 20 years; crowns and brldge-
I work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 60c;
I crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5 00; all work
! painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
j tors. 24 Sixth. Et.
1 "MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 101!)
| Market et., bet.* Flxth and Seventh: consul
I us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
i positively and absolutely without pain.
j DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
i —No charpe for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. Me: gas given.
EET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk st
! PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
I Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction,
COc. New York Dentists, S63 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. iOCl Market St.. corner Sixth.
DOC HOSPITALS.
j DR. BUZARD'S flog hospital. Post. Flllmore—
I Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
I sn'mals trealed; dops boarded. TeL West 636.
j DHESS3IAKEKS AND SEAMSTRESSES
I FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amlne work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all tflnds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. overQ'Connor&Moffatt,
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
LADIES' cklrts repaired and rebound. 35c up.
Apply at &04 Larkin 6t.. upstairs.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg! —
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
phorlhand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. {50; catalogue.
HEALD'6 BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
6. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
end nichr sessions; new SO- pap e catalogue free.
STENOGRAPHER teaches you write any word
English language stenographically 1 lesson by
mall. Address, Inclosing 25 2c stamps. Sten-
ographer, 118 Eddy St., room S, San Francisco.
. A — THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jcrtlan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
; learn in a limited time, take private lessons
frcm an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL. room It, Thurlow block, lit Kearny st.
; AYRES' Business Colieee. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship, {50; bookkeeping,
•shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
1 KE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
ehort time with expert Tarr. 220 Parrott bldg
he would not; be wise. #
Mfes M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
, porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
' i ALL irtudents but two taking full course thin
» I year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
) ness COLLEGE. 12^ Market st. -
- SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano. $2
I j mo.; hours. 2-4, 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
- MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
SEALSKIN coat for aale cheap at 512 Post st.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 628 and 630 Clay St.. near Kearny. has
just started; storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mall attended to. •
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and IS
per month; write for catalogue and price-.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
BUTCHER'S Icebox. 8x12. value $300: will sell
for $40; leaving city. 1136 Folsom St.; Inquire
upstairs. _________
5-HORSE Goldeta Gate gas or gasoline engine,
$150: can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave. ¦ _________
•BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete; dirt eheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st.
PHOTO and magic lantern good* bought, sold.
exchanged. IPS Montgomery St.
FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora, hats, tt 75. PoP U ~
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
A-100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. Z20 Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern, enirtnes and
boilers bought and gold. KROGH Mfg. Ct>-
2«r-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission st.
WILL' rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
sulta for K SO. Portland Loan OfHce. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. -417-423 Sacramento st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD _ BRECK. 131 Post at.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st. .
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. 3an Fran.
MISCE__ANEOCS WA5T8.
SECOND-HAND screw cutting power band
eaw: planer and Iron vise. Bt. Germain Bil-
liard Co., 409 Market st.
WE are paying for dry rabbit and Belgian
hare skins 7%c to 8^c per lb. HERMAN
WALDECK CO.. 38 Clay st.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought;
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn: phone Black 1201.
L. SPARBER & SON removed C34 Mission St.:
pay highest prices for tools and machinery.
WANTED — Uprleht piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market at.
LADIES' and gents'cast-oft clothing bought <&
gold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price, for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 109 St*th st. : tel. Jessie 141.
.MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole: it you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see ue
first: you will be watted upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-63 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY, 630 Market.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per Cent; 1st, 2d and id mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 8.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; flrst,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building, HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds, j
AT 126 Kearny st., room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator.* Telephone Davis 935.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with:
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansonie St., room 2. '
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country; 6% undi-
vided Ints; estates. HARPER.337 Parrott bdg.
AUSTIN" S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans -on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried people* without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party:
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. 8. F. Discount Agency. 113 Phelan big.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— To borrow, J15C0; 8 per cent per an-
num; real estate security. Box 8, Call offlce.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or. one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four |
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our :
rent plan has been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$350. }6 cash and $$ per month. This Is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY. Solo A_ent
Sohmer & Co., Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Spell- i
man and Hamilton Pianos- 30S. 310. 312 Post.
ALL purchasers of ' pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the b.est makers of every trade to select from;
beauttful new uprights $6 cash. $6 per month;
some Rood pianos for $3, ft and ti per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
tecnth sts.. Oakland.
THE Decker A Son pianos excel all others.
The Decker & Son pianos please good players.
The Decker & Son pianos last a lifetime.
The Decker & Son pianos are the ones to buy.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Mar-
ket st., azents.
WE want you to call and see the bargains wo
have. 'Fine second-hand pianos for J10O, $150.
$175, $200. $300, $350. Beautiful new ones for
- $300 to JSM. All pianos sold- on easy pay-
ments If you desire, and you can at any time
exchange for a new Decker & Son.
We are the only house in the city that sells
all kinds of musical Instruments on easy pay-
ments; call and see us and learn how easy
it is to buy. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 783 Mar-
ket st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houso
west of Chicago is KOHLER Sc CHASE'S, 28,
28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A MAGNIFICENT upright piano, used a short
time, offered this week. J160; a . fine piano.
' $100: elegant new stock at popular prices.
DEWING'S. Flood building.
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
See us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell St.: Chickering agency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonion music boxes.
4 FINK uprights, little used; Shonlnger. Behr-
mg, Steinway and Sonmer.. KEEFFE'S 933
Market st.
LARGE upright grand piano; must be sacrificed
In 5 days; leaving city. 333 Turk st.
$100— FINE large upright piano. 2643 Eighteenth
Etreet.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos- S3 ner
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st. .
HIGH-GRADE piano, nearly new, $163. HEINE
Piano Co.. tn Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good aa new, and
other great bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
FINE 3-r>edal upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. $07 McAllister st.
Acleanlngout of pianos for storage: dirt cheap-
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant np-
rlsftta at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN: must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over _ others. W. B. ALLEN _ C0..S14 Post
EDUCATION Al*. ¦ .'
ENGINEERING. cMl, elec. mlnlngr,mech.,iur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER KAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
KKNT Law School. 7« McAllister St.; day and
rHght; Latin taught free; phone Jessie 1666.
MUNSON School Shorthand, Typing. Bookkeep-
lng, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music- studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy »t.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. -rrltlns,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In Arnerica-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Ftatea or Canada one year for >1.
™i ?k 9}'* 1 -^ . ." ~ y. i
ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY CO
24 MONTGOMERY AVE
Furnish mechanics,- miners
Railroad men, ranch hands
and woodchoppers at short notice
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: eBtab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 1S5.
FOR reliable help send to Open Door Employ-
ment Offlce. 1272 Folsom st. ; tel. Howard 1447.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806*4 Stockton.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 815 Btockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co. — Walters.cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese erau. offlce— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 876.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESK and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411>4 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT AVA.NTED — FEMALE.
ELDERLY Eastern woman, neat and reliable,
desires position; Is good, economical house-
keeper, kind to children; has rood references;
wages, $10 to $12 month. 250 Tehama Bt.
RESPECTABLE woman with girl 5 year*
wishes housework or chamberwork in room-
lns-house; no triflers; references; wages $10.
744 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by the
day; housecleaning or general housework.
Call 1212A Clay st.
' RESPECTABLE lady, f?ood cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; good care of children.
Call at 63-76 Ellis Bt.. room 53. bet. 1-3 p. m.
1 WOMAN wishes to do general housework; care
for children or sick person; or will cook;
WRges £25. 419 Jonea st.
A YOUNG woman wishes work In lnstlution;
good references: wages $15. Call 4 Vernon
place, near Hawthorn st.
GIRL wants position to do second work; wages
?15 to 520. Call 416 Third ave.
A GOOD cook wants a place In private family.
Call at HID Treat ave.. bet. E4th and 25th tL
WOMAN wants work by day or week; wash-
ing or cleaning; Jl and car fare. ITU 7th st.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes second work. sew-
In g i^r^fe^enc^jwa^es^O^r^J^J^JD^F^nre^
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter;
sews 60c a day. M. M., box 77. Call offlce.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework; can show the best of references:
3 years in last place; no postals answered.
44 Diamond st.
A SWEDISH girl of experience; a good cook
and houseworker; city reference. Call from
10 to 6. room 9. 1050 Howard st.
GERMAN girl wants to do washing and clean-
ing by the day; $1 10 per day. HD^A Leaven-
worth St.. In rear.
MARRIED lady wants plain sewing or will go
out from 9 a. m. to 3 p. in. Call or address
MRS. J. C. 3103 Buchanan st.
COMPETENT nurse wishes a position by day
or week. Inquire at 31 Natoma St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket-200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. 31 50 to tt
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggnge to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
I received at Call branch office. 2200 Killmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 10)t
1 Vnlencla st.
. ™" — ""^^ *"—^^^^^^*^
KHI'LOVJIKNT WANTED MALE.
TOUNG man wants wc)rk of any kind: city or
country; used to handle horses; handy with
. tools. Box 73, Call offlce.
YOUNG German bartender. Is a good mixer,
wishes a position; can give references from
first-class houses. Box 72, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted; sober handy man. not
afraid of work. Address W. L. B.. 322 Minna
street.
EXPERIENCED, honest young men, IS years
old, wishes situation in grocery store as
clerk; city or country; with or without
board. Box 70. Call.
NURSE or valet for gentleman, or courier for
la/lies desiring to travel; competent as secre-
tary or reader. Box 74, Call offlce.
COOK wants employment; a good careful cook;
or would go as second cook. T. SMITH, 318
Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work private fam-
ily; used to horses; gardening; cooking; use-
ful in general; wages no object. Box 2043,
Call office. Oakland. _^
TOUNG all-around butcher for the country;
best of references. Box 64, Call office.
TOUNG man. 33, temperate, reliable, educated,
with business experience, familiar with type-
writing and offlce work, wants position as of-
flce man, clerk or salesman. Box 2762. Call.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wants posi-
tion, having good knowledge of bookkeeping
with long business experience in several lines
and first-class references. Address P. N.,
127a Mission st.
TOUNG man violinist wishes musical work;
dance work; sporting house or saloon work
accepted; fine tone; plays by nots only; terms
very reasonable. Box 3873, Call.
TOUNG German wants position as porter or
anything; best references. Box 35, Call office.
THE employment department of the T. M. C.
A. furnishes only reliable youn- men. Ma-
son and Ellis sts. ; phone Bush 17.
JAPANESE, honest young man. wants place
as schoolboy; good English; long experience.
GEORGE. 807 Polk st.. or tel. Polk 1441.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work: with experience: speaks English well.
MATSUO. 358 Jessie st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmora Bt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
tubscrlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia rU
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
X — 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern tmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
ELEGANT new cor. 7- room flat; store-room; I
janitor service; most desirable location. 'SE.
cor. Golden Gate & Laguna; op. Jeff, square.
FINE modern flat, 7 rooms and bath. 625 Golden
Gate ave., bet. Van Ness ave. an4_Franklln.
GEARY. 2410B — Top flat of 4 rooms and large
porch; rent $10.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
VALENCIA. 446V4— Upper flat of three sonny
rooms; rent SS; key at 444 Valencia,
VALLEJO, 1111, nr. Leavenworth— Upper flat, 4
sunny rooms; newly renovated; gas and bath.'
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. ott Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brvant.
$7 60— FLAT of 8 room*. 256V4 Harriet St., be-
tween 6th and 7th, Harrison and Bryant.
$0 — SUNNY upper 8-room flat. 13M Jessie St.,
off Hermann, nr. Junction Market and Halght.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50_ with No.
. 7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1181 Mar-
ket £t. ; tAleobone Kouth 637. '
; FURNITURE and carpets of forty-room house;
In first-class condition. Apply between 2 and
5 p. m., 309 Powell St. ,
1 SECONDHAND furniture for sale. 1900 Turk
[ St., corner Broderlck. '
FURNITURE for eale at 4 Taylor place; also
; Jewelry tools. - -.
• CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for U.
• PURKITURB WANTED.
' CKAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
; pianos, etc. 1133 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
. A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
• Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
! W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
¦ ' furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
BAST FRASCI5CO CALL.. \
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco !
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets, open ;
-mil IT o'clock every night in the year. -
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street.
corner Ciay; open until 9:30 p. m.
KB Hayes ftrcet; open until 9:S0 p. rn.
€39 McAllister etreet; cr-en until 9:S0 p. rn. j j
CIS _wrkln Ftreet; open until S;30 p. m. J j
I!H1 Mission etreet: cpen until 10 p. m. j j
Z2CI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open | j
vr.t'.l % j>. m.
106 nieventh street; open until » p. m. |
10S6 V_lerft-Ja street; <>j*?n until 9 p. tcl. .
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken- .
turVy ctreets; open until ? r. tn. j '
MEKTIMi SOTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. B, It. A. M.. O \
will neet THIS m'KSDAY) EYEN-^^ ;
ING Nov. «".th. at ~:V> r/ clock. Stated J\J\ i
meeting. By order ol the 11. P. # — r l
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary. I
GOLDEN Gate Lodge Ho. 30, F. and A. ft j
M.— Stated meeting THIS «TL"ESDAV) i* .•
EVENING at 7:il' o'clock. /5-/\ ! '
KmviN L. MKTER Secretary. / TT
ORIENTAlTLodEVNo! 144. F. and A. M. •
— '"ailed and stated meetinc THIS^R^
iTIT^DAT) EVENING at ::S0 >L3\ '
o flock. A. S. Hl'BBARD. Sec. * V \
CALIFORNIA Chapter" No. 1S3. O. E. 6. w_r :
— Th» •• ers and members ere re- Jf JL
attested ta attend the funeral of our "'W™
late Sister ADELE GRAUERHOLZ. ¦
from St. Marcus Church. O'Farrell st.. bet.
Franklin a_d Gougrh. TO-DAY (TUESDAT)
at s p. a,
LIZZIE TONNINGSEN. W. M.
DIVISION No. i. A. O. H.— The regu- V-*ffTtl
lar monthlv meetlnir of this division \2>yfjr '.
»::i be held at HIbernia Hall, 129 JfcvjJ
Ninth ft., cr. THURSDAY, Noven-.ber f£vfcj
S. at 7:20 p. m. •"__¦
JOHN KENNT. President.
T. _. C— ANCY. Secretary.
ANNVAL meeting— The regular annual meeting !
cl the stockholders ct the Honolulu Planta-
tion Company will be held at the offlce of
The corasany. No. C27 Market street. Sen J
Francisco. California, on MONDAY, the 13th
<3ay of November, 1900, at the hour ol 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a.
beard of directors to serve for the ensuing j
year, and the transaction of Euch other busl- j
r.et* _k may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Thursday. November
f, 1200, at S o'clock p- m.
E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNT'AL. m»vtinR— The regular annual meeting I
of tbe Fto-.-khoidors of the Honolulu Sugar I
Company will be held at the office of the com- j
j .ir.y. No. SIT Market Ftr^et, Pan Francisco,
California, on MONDAY, the 19th day of No- t .
ven.b»r. li>0<\ at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. |
lor the purp™ 5 * °f electing a board ot direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the mefting. Transfer books j
will cloye on Thursday, November S. 1*00, at
Z o'clock x>. rn.
1 E. Jl. SUKLPOS. Secretary.
ACCNTS WAITED. ,j
I>~>CAL aponts wanted in each Pacific Coast j
county: big monev for live men. Address
IVESTEBX FTRICIDE CO.. :? Main et.
SECURE sgrnry Xmas novelty: sample SOc. |
FZa->-t Import A* gut-* Supply Co., 1123 Market. !
ASrilALTLM tiOOFISG.
J. PELTIEIt. at-phalt roofing, fldewalks; cellar j
f.r.r-rf. laid, repaired: p^sta!. I18S Mission st.
ASTItOLOGY.
rr.OF. PEAKS A— L. ICS7<4 Market B t. J readings, i
future events; questions; horoseoj>es; $1 up. •
2k5M£. IIICKEY-Aftrologist; horoscopes, 50c; j
card reading and palmistry, 1?33 Mission. !
1)P.. C TOCSET TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo- i
trr-r— Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market. ;
ATTOKXEVS AT LAW.
B. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market Et.. [
room CT! — Estates, d? maces, attachments, '
bankruptcy, collections; a!J caspp; fair fees; j
no advance charges; money loaned on estates. I
ADVICE free; divorce !«iw a specialty; private; I
no fee without success; collections. G. W. |
MO'U'E, atty at law. £50 Market, cor. Stockton. ¦
I. EDW. JARP.ETT. I>ars=t b'.dg.. Ti-ird and !
Varket «*.; phone Hed S2C2. I
FKEE advice; divorce laws, damares. estates, !
c^.l lotions. J. A. Mitchell, C14 Montgomery. !
ADVICE free; no charpe unl^fs Fucce?sful. W. \ .
V.'. Davidson. 02". Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLAP.K. Emma Ppreckele bldg., S27 Mar- '
kr-t M.: oorsfultation free; no fees In advance. |
BATH CABINETS.
P.OBINPON. Niagara, Perfection and others. ,
XV. S. BROWN CO.. agency. 426 Ellis ft.. S.F. ¦
Bit:siar_— tg c_L__ces.
A— BUTCHT-^H rhor.; best corner location In '
city. COWING _: CO., 71? Market Et.
A— CANDY and li-e cream, cicars and notion :
store. COWING & -CO.. 719 Market «.
A -DELICACY and home restaurant; fine bus!- •
n-ss. COWING & CO.. 71S Market Et. I
A— ROOMING bO_K, *"uth Market. 14 rooms; ,
snap. COWING & CO.. 713 Market et. !
Ji — BAKERY, candy, school books, notions; bar- '
pain; cheap rent. COWING. 719 Market Et.
A — COAL, wood and grain business: fine loca-
tion: fnap. COWING _; CO.. 719 Market _t.
A— UOOMIXG-HOl'SE: fine location: bargain !
t__ day. See COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— SHOE store; good location: clears $.'00 to JSOO !
nw ; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Et. ;
A— GROCERY and bar; best ever offered for j
i-ale. COWING & CO.. 718 Market Et. {
A— FALOON downtown; money maker: come :
o,uirk. COWING & CO.. 71S Market Et.'
A— FODA water business for one-half Its value; ;
sickness. COWING _ CO.. 719 Market st.
A— RESTA1.-RANT In beot part of city; must !
be eoid this day. COWING. 713 Market Et.
A— BAKERY; clearing $2iv> per month; enap. i
COWING & CO.. 718 Market st. ;
A— BRANCH bakery, notions, etc.; $325; makes '<
living for family. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market j
ft., room 1.
A— GROCERY and delicatessen ensp: t'.00; dally i
tales 42": 2 liv. rms. XL Griffin. 719 Mkt.. r. 1. '¦
A— NICE furr.'.Fhing goods store; J3f*>; 3 living j
rms.; good bus. M. GRIFFIN. 71$ Mkt.. r. 1. I
A— Sl^f; IiESTAT'RANT with bar; meals 25c: I
monthly caJe? $l'on ; esta.b. 20 vears; all first I
claps. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call big. '
A— BARRER shop: $350: 3 chairs; rent $1J; fine
place for 2 people. M. Griffin. 71S Mkt.. r. L
I'AYING restaurant and furniture of 8 rooms; j
rent f>f all 125 a mr>nth (le_=e); will pel! with
furniture or without: price $5C0. PCHWEIN- !
HARD * CO.. til Market et.. bet. Fifth and
Sixth; j-hone Mint ISU.
I AKEP.Y. with large brick oven and every-
thing complete; fine country tovrn; cheap;
part caFh. LaJ. time. Lar.e & Co.. SC3 Market.
J{.O — COFFK13 and lunch parlor: best business j
part city; bargain. R.G.WILKE. 26^ Kearny. j
FTATE and county rights for sale In a newly j
patented household article: quick eeller; big
money. S27 Market St., room C13. !
HORSESHOEING business in Oakland to ex- !
rrsn£» one out of Oakland. Address E. M., !
Carrier No. 7, Oakland.
GROCERY and bar In -ood location; stock In I
Fight for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
PER. 2-7 Parrott building. |
\TANTED — Chophouse <r coCee saloon; whole- !
tiale district or near ferry. Add. box 61. Call.
RFTAIL butter ar.d egg route for sale; $200.
Box C*'. Call office.
A GOOD cprnlne for the rijrht man to 6ecure
working Interest In an established wholesale
business; f^OOO to 13000 required ; must have
Al references. Box 4?, Call offlce.
KOR efile — laundry route; established for 11
vearf ; paylnc oo— imlsslon of HZ to IIO per
week. Bex SS, Call office.
EEBTAXj 'RANT doing good business; well lo-
cated; bargain. Apply S6S Hayes et.
A — fN'AP
Chrp house. 239 Eighth 5t-
FOR SALE— 3-chair barber shop. Including
t_th». Box 12. Call offlce.
JKFII>E route on this paper for rale. Apply
CALL business office.
J'INE large etore to let on O'Farrell tt.. near
Powell; eultah'.e for any business; cheap "rent.
Apply at 12 Grant ave.
I: A RE business «-hsnee; day saloon; rent cheap-
no agents. »X) Clay; wholesale district.
CKAFPIFIED advertisements »nd subscriptions
reo-ived at Call branch office. 2200 Killmore nt.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALK.
IJTJTEUS of lodging bouses —rill find large list;
fine bargains in loflpln— house*. Samples:
102 rooms; rent $C4; price J1503.
:2 roorus; rent $34; price J100.
<i rooms: rent J_0; fine cocner: clears $300 a
month: price J4003.
Wo loan money to buyers at l'A per cent.
8CIIWEINKARD & CO., 917 Market et.. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint Mil.
It. II. WINSTON & CO.. 105S Market Bt.
K rooms; rent $30; only |4M
CS roo— ic; rmt JSO; for «50
m rooms; must ©ell; only 2 : .'W
Zi. rcnmfi; corner; reduced to £00
LODGING-HOl'FK. \i rooms; a bargain; ac-
count sickness; good paying. 1182 Mission.1SSS. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; maiden tv.o-year-olds; purse. $300.
Time-44, :12Vi: H. :36i4; %. 1:01%. Fair start. Won first three drtvin*. Winner. M. F.
Tarpey's b. f.. by Rosseau-Josie O. Argot a. good looker and fast. Sonoro will do. Balance
below par.
1289. SECOND RACE— Five furlongrs; maiden two-year-olds; .purse. $300.
12OO. THIRD RACE— Mile and an eighth; sellirg; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $W0.
Time— H. :13; *», :33; %, 1:02; %. 1:28H: mile. 1 :41% : lHm, 1:54. Good start. Won cleverly.
Second and third driving 1 . Winner, S. C. Hildrtth's ch. h., by Belvldere-Zara. Winner out
classed his company. Bit too far for Castake. Walkenshaw a "mudder." Gauntlet badly
cut off on stretch turn, ruining: all chance. Benroe showed a lot of speed and had a lottery
chance when thrown by Bangor crowding in. — Imperious 104. *Fell.
1201. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; purse, 1350.
Young 1 Men's Institute.
Portola. Council No. 470 of the Youns
Several months ago "Western Addition
Camp, which had a membership that any
camp of the Woodmen of the World would
be proud of^was challenged by Tamalpais
Camp, then a struggling subordinate, to
a contest as to which would introduce into
Woodmen of the World.
Foresters of America,
One of the progressive courts of the
Foresters of America la Court Sutro
Heights No. 136. It moves along quietly
and easily, without splurge, apd is gradu
ally advancing. adding a few to
its roll of membership at almost eA-ery
meeting. At its last held meeting it ini
tiated two and to-morrow night wl)l have
several more. • The court has appointed a
committee on entertainments for the win
ter months, an3 it will arrange a series of
delightful functions for the pleasure of its
members and friends. ? I
On the night of the 31st of October Ju
nior Court Pride of the Golden West No.
3 cave an entertainment and dance to its
friends in B'nai B'rith Hall, at which
there was a good attendance that enjoyed
a programme of which the following num
bers were the features: Opening remarks,
Samuel B. Levy Jr.. past chief ranger;
song Miss Tessle Greenfield; specialties,
Lvon's and Cole; coon specialties, Eddie
O : Brien: tramp specialties, A. Herschin;
toe danclngr. Isa belle Wyatt; musical se
lections Jack Halloway; specialties. Isey
Davis • song. M. V. Johnson; comic spe
cialties, "W. H. Lyons. There was a good
programme of dancing under the direction
of Frank Kerrigan, floor director. The
committee of arrangements was composed
of Ed Isaacs, Jacob Marks, S. S. Cook,
Martin Hamburger. M. Rosenthal, Thom
as Hammerschlag and Leland Meyers.
Last evening Court America celebrated
Its twenty-eecond anniversary by a social
evening in the Potrero Opera-house, at
which there was a good attendance of the
Foresters of "that district and of - their
Vhe date for the visit of the team of
Court United States of America to Court
San Jose to initiate candidates for that
court has been changed from November
2 Last Friday night there was a Jolly tima
In the hall of Court Aurora on the oc
casion of the social given by that sub
ordinate. Good music, a good programme
of dances and a happy crowd were the
features. ¦
Grand Secretary Cordy is In receipt of
a communication announcing that a naw
court will shortly be instituted in the
Bouthern part of the Jurisdiction:
Grand Recording Secretary O'Brien will
In a few days start off on a tour of vis
itations in the northern part of the State.
He will be absent about two weeks.
Last Thursday night there were pres
ent In the hall of Court Golden West
about four hundred Foresters at a recep
tion tendered to Judge F. H. Kerrigan.
The meeting resolved .Itself into a high
jinks and there was a lengthy pro
gramme. The guest was forced to act as
tire during the evcnlnir.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— The fall meeting
of the Queen's County Jockey Club began
to-day at Aqueduct. The weather was
clear and bright. Track fast. Results:
Selling, about seven furlongs— Oliver Mo won
Midnight Chimes second, Hultzltopochtle third.
Time, 1:27 1-5.
Five furlong3— Helen O'C won. Orient* sec
ond. Lonesome third. Time, 1:03 1-5.
One and a sixteenth miles — Trlllo won. Miss
Hanover second, Lancewood third. Time, 1:50.
Mile and seventy yards— First Whip won. Mc
lleekln second, The Golden Prince third. Time,
1:46 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs — The Puritan won.
Quite Right second, Talcose third. Time, 1:09.
Mile and seventy yards— Water Cure won,
Rochester second, King Bramble third. Time,
1:47.
CHICAGO. Nov. 5.— Results at Lakeside:
. Five furlongs— Joe Collins *von. Lord Liza
second/If You Dare third. Time, 1:02 2-5.-
Six- and a half furlongs— Deponan won, Dag:
mar second. Made Maree third. Time. 1:22 3-5.
Flvs and a half furlongs— Algaretta won,
Sakatuck second. Alpaca third. Time, 1:07 3-5.
One and an eighth miles, Belling— Knight
Banneret won. Prince Blazes second, Moroni
third. Time, 1:56 2-5.
Six furlongs — Robert "Waddell won. Fosart
second. Fancy Wood third. Time, 1:1S 4-5.
Mile— Obsidian won, Irish Jewell second, Za
catoda third. Time, 1:43 1-5.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 5.— Results at La
tonla:
Seven furlongrs — Ben Boy won, Uhlers sec
ond, Osmon third. Time, 1:29.
Six' furlongs— Lady Iris won, Queen t,'Day
second, Juanette third. Time, 1:16%.
Mile, selling— The Sluggard won, Xettlo Re
gent second, Bohul third. Time, 1:4H&-
One and ii a quarter miles— Kentucky Babe
won, Dramburg second, Colbert third. Time,
2:08. ..;•;.<
Five and a half furlongs— Albert F. Dewey
won. Warranted second, Alex Pearson third.
Time, 1:09.- • ,
Seven furlongs— J. J. T. won. Exit second,
Little Land third. Time. 1:27. .
Jockey Club Opens.
The Fall Meeting of Queens County
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
The following named officers of Man
zanita Grove were installed with proper
ceremonies last Thursday night: "W. D.
Demartinl, N. A. : M. Herron. V. A. ; R.
T>. Barton. R. S. : E. J. Barton. F» S. : E.
J. Ford. C; J. Banaccia. I. G. ; W. "W.
Waters. O. G.: C. A. Glover, surgeon;
George E. Burnham and J. A. Speller,
trustees.
The district deputy noble grand arches
are now busy with the work of Installing
the new officers of the several groves In
the Jurisdiction. The hope has been ex
pressed that these officers will lend their
aid to Noble Grand Arch Lange, and make
as good, if not a better, showing during
the present term as was made by their
predecessors In office.
Laurel Grove at its last held meeting In
itiated three candidates. The picnic of
this grove last Sunday wag a success Jn
every way and one of the features of the
games was the tug of war between the
married and the unmarried men of the
grove.
Olympla Grove at Its meeting on the
25th of October initiated four candidates
and there was a promise of still further
additions to the prove. The grove held a
special meeting last Wednesday night for
the purpose of conferring the second and
third degrees on twenty-five ovates. Last
Thursday thb officers received, by Initia
tion, five of the promised number of
strangers. The membership Is now 101.
The second meeting of the Past Arch
Association of the Druids of this city was
held October 28. There was a largfe and
enthusiastic attendance and much In
terest wa*. manifested In the work
that the organization . has outlirled. Fif
teen eligibles were elected and a commit
tee was appointed to prepare a degree for
the association which It js proposed to
confer at the next meetlnff. There was
also appointed a committee on entertain
ment which is to make a report at the
next session of the association.
On the night of the 26th of October Vol
la Grove tendered the grand oRlcers a
most cordial welcome on the occasion of
the official visit. To illustrate the pro
ficiency of the work of the order, the of
ficers Initiated three candidates. That
night two applications were received.
After the meetinjr Noble Grand Arch
Lange and the other grand officers were
the guests of the grove at a supper served
at an Italian restaurant.
Druids at Work.
The fifth entertainment and social given
by San Francisco Chapter of tha Ameri
can Guild in the Assembly Hall of the
Red Men's building on the night of ths
26th of- October was a very entertaining
and select function that was attended by
a large number of the friends of the
chapter. The programme included. vocal
selections by Miss Z. Beck, instrumental
selections by W. Clarkson's Mandolin
Club, "The New Woman" by Dr. E. Pratt,
selections on the grultar by Frank Meag
hcr and a tenor solo by J. E. Erickson.
The evening closed with dancing.
American Guild.
reserve stake at Union Park was held last
night and Is as follows:
Midweek reserve stake. «lxty-four entries:
Paeha Kennels' Recording Angel vs. J. J.
Edmonds' Go On; lrwin & Lyon's Silver Lion
vs. Aencid Kennels' Flying Faster: H. Lynch s
Clavborne vs. F. A. McCombs The Exile: P.
C Blirk'a La Rosa Souvenir vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Rest Assured; T. J. Cronln's Vixen vs.
D R. Wiley's Buckles: R. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's ¦\Varrieal vs. \V. C. Glasson's Sleigh
Bells: Rupsell & Allen's' Scotland Yet vs.
Maher & Reid'n Nellie Bawn; J. H. W. Mul
ler's Mocorlto vs. II. H. Gray's Bannockburn;
R E. de B. Lopez & Eon's Eager vs. J. H. W.
Mutter's Cruiser: Aeneid Kennels' Achilles vs.
i». Steinhoff's Veto: H. K. Anderson's Craw
ford Braes vs. J. P. Thrift's Sprlngback;
George Sharman's Chicago Boy vp. Russell &
Allen's Belle Clair; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy
vp Sterl & Knowles* Rusty Gold; Aeneid Ken
nels' Aeneas vs. J. Cane's Victor Queen: Fasha
Kennels' Roundabout vs. O. Zahl's Hummer
Boy: Chiarlni Bros.' Brass Button vs. Curtis
& 'Sons' Echo; J. J. Edmond's Whisky Hill
vs. Sterl & KnnwW Blue Mist; D. E. Wiley's
High Worn Lady vs. R. L. Taylor's Beauty
Spot; It. p. de B. Lopez & Son's Sweetness vs.
J Keating's Con Dally; F. Slum's Lady Glen
kirk vs. J. E. Chambllle's Hot Foot; E. & R.
Scott's I^ord Byron vs. L. F. Bartel's Banner
Brijrhf. H. A. Deckleman's Ben Klrby vs. L.
K. Bartel's Beer Brewer: P. E. Portal's Can
non Ball vs. V. C. Bllck's May Laurerifce; Cap
tain Clarkson'3 Flower of Gold vs. Sterl &
Knowles' Olita; Lowe & Thompson's St. Orin
vs. Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer; T. J.
Cronin's Vandal vs. H. Lynch's Llnton; R. E.
de B. Lopez & Son's Wombat ys. H. H. Gray's
Commander; T. W; Barters Best Brand vs.
J. Cane's Miss Penman; Lande & Gerber's
Concord vs. F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion;
Curtis & Sons' Kibosh vs. F. A. McComb's
Frosty Morn; George Sharman's The Doctor v».
Pasha Kennels' Reve &' Amour; Curtis & Sons'
Psyche vs. Russell & Allen's Strayaway.
Draw for the Midweek Reserve Event
Shows a I/ist of Fine
Dogs.
The' draw for the Wednesday midweek
WEDNESDAY STAKE AT
UNION COURSTNGr PASK
Men's Institute had a larg© number of
people at its entertainment and dance in
Union Square Hall on the night of tha
31st of October. The programme for their
delectation was an overture by th© or
chestra, a few remarks by President R.
A. Cahalan. a vocal solo by Miss Bessie
Hicks and the presentation of "Who Is
Who? Or All in a Fog," by the Gaiety
Comedy Company, the characters being
taken by Charles L. Asmussen. P. J.
Barry. Frank P. Scully. Miss Eunice Has
ten and Miss Lulu C. Lurch. The several
numbers were well received. After th3
programme dancing followed.
the order the greatest number of mem
bers In a given time. The challeng-e was
accepted and the small membership
worked with a will, beating the large
camp. The forfeit was a banquet, to be
paid for by the loser. The members of
Western Addition Camp fulfilled their ob
ligation last Wednesday night in the So
cial Hall of the Alcazar building. There
were present about 120 members nf the or
der, including Past Head Counselor M. T.
Moses, the counsel commander and the
clerk of each of the local camps, also a
few specially invited guests. Among the
jolly Woodmen were: C C. Shaw of \V<?st
ern Addition Camp, Consul Commandflr
Engelman of Golden Gate Camp. Consul
Commander Schwelnhard of Redwood
Camp, Consul Commander Ball of Rich
mond Camp. Consul Commander Cava
naugh of Mission Camp, Consul Com
mander Blalsdell of Calumet Camp.
Consul Commander Gilroy of Redmond
Camp, Consul Commander Estees of
Tamalpals Camp. B. Fehnneman, general
organizer; David Oliver Jr., clerk of Gold
en Gate Camp, and many lesser lights.
M. S. de Rocco, organizer of Western Ad
dition Camp, was the jnaster of ceremo
nies. Ha . introduced musical and literary
numbers between remarks by members
called upon, . with the result that the as
semblage was not tired out with the
monotony of speech-making. The talent
included instrumental music by Messrs.
Regal and Driscoll; phonograph selections,
Dr. Clark; vocal selections. Columbia
quartet of Tamalpals Camp; basso selec
tion, Neighbor Colgan; cornet solo, Neigh
bor Franz, who, in addition to a cornet
.solo, favored with selections on two cor
nets at the same time, a most remarkable
performance, and tenor solo by Neighbor
Flood. The principal speakers were:
Charles G. Hines, banker of Western Ad
dition Camp; Laurance Vincent of Tamal
pais Camp. Ben Fehnneman. Consul
Commander Shaw of Western Addition
Camp. Dr. Estees of Tamalpais Camp.
Judges Cabanlss and Groezlnger and M.
T. Head, P. C. C. The best of feeling pre
vailed during: the evening and all had a
most enjoyable time.
J.OTL-L. AiRIVALS.
. - t • .- > »glfi -rr^TSZif HOTEL. -
T, 'i 3A*1i-.;j. r ; 'it> ;.T.;» Myers&w. Boston
« ha? A Spa-V,'- ISostcn i Jones Cincinnati '
Jc* rriradc^rB^a'-Ti'. !l'*nl^l Sweeny. NT
J i ">;.-;t;, i^^n J'*«" :'H Lanlgan, Iowa
J^^ 9r4«*'l<S»caid ' C B Smith, Boston
ft i&W&tMsAAtit Chgoi-> L I>anx. St Ixuls
B Cksrdto, So'i'iii. ttnui Rlcottliw, Norway
R " •icittrs. l>ce.'»7aiU i!.f 2*1 Johnson. Norway
S \ ildrif, San J >^e yZ'jp Black. Seattle
J« ¦ ft'oWrjtv ?;vhtrO.as Enos, Tacoma
PAUACTJ I'OTEL.
J I l ":.'-;«v«, Pupfdlr R Oweniw. London
W r._t :• ;tir, X* V •*. B Cohen, Gt Joe, Mo
W Ctcper, perHdfy ,iA:o«rt Bettens, Byron
A v.' K*!:r.»»\ rU!«r*;ey ! ii B Wood&w. San J^s
Ge • Tool. ,Ur.-,; ;:rl.l> A D Brown & w, N Y
R nmaidj Sfa.v:^'! ,Ir-iry Malone. Cal
O "J Eir'...'..->:'t-in':, CSiSfiCJ O Teance, I>ii» A
M ¦? Uun:. il--tna," ¦.<:, •'Xtenhumer, Denver
W " IH'vs. Ohlc-t^o; W C Stewart, Sta Paul
W B Clfijj! ' •' II Lawrence. Denver
E A Gvierwrii, $*;.•£*•.:;> N IVells, Boaton
Che* K--r.':*:-i. Chk-aa^ 'Vt.rs McKean&w, Phil
S G Hktrh, CbieftiO; > i t Matthew, i'a
K Li BVaar&tV f" .hi- W H Sherman, Salt L
Mrs :i PJeUMnw G Newman&w, Va
I»R W!sv.S. Pcrrtlur.'l jT-IIm M Newman. Va
Mrsf P Steacfeftjttr.XsttlMiM II. Lowrj'. Va
F W tv Muser* -.v, C);?7'Tf \V Lobb, New York
O B I^bby. !;¦?» :J?vrktJ K.Henley, Skairuay
H J U«iUt-f'i». Chgotj U Rogers, Skaguay
•- UHANP HOTEL.
W M T.-*2-*.: M. -r-.iZn . :i.- v C Proctor. Cal
L G •'<¦¦¦, ".xtB?-. ?".i.:uajMrs J B Latlmer, Scat
M BfBtiu^tSalt I^akelJ Gardiner, city
\V H Lumsden, S Rsa'O Forrest & wf, N T
T Cunningham. S Rsa'S A. Burnham & w. 111
G N Baker, Cal ! F A Jones, Fresno
G Strachan, S Jose JA C Curtis & wf, Xeb
J S Forrest, S Jo«e (I P Martin. Cal
R G Wood. Seattle J R Forrest. N Y
T M Heffron. Sacto A F Eaton, San Jose
J E Talbot, Stockton L Uupont Syle. Cal
Dr Brown, city C A Ballard, N D
J B Higglns, Cal Mrs AV A Hart, Cal
j R Mapill. Cal K R Smith. Los Ang
O R Morris, Nome H L Luke. Denver
H L White, Ashland W M Perry Jr. Cal
B C Boneau. Minn J X Bush & wf, Cal
C 8 Peek, Waah jS I Perry, N Y
L Loewenborg, Wash H L Millar. St Louis
J Wilson. Wash Ij D Crossman, Utah
Mrs J Wilson & d, dn.H s Ranpon & wf.- Cal
A C Herre & wf. Ill^v X Venter. Cal
F Lemon. Boston |J B Reed & wf, Portld
12iKi. SIXTH RACE— Six furlonss; all ages; purse, J3cO.
cellent race and Mat Just missed landlner
the preceding race with Picklow, a 50 to 1
shot.
ijlm Bozeman received a nasty fall at
the stretch turn when Penroe went down,
but escaped injury-
Time— U. :24*4; H« :49',i; *i. 1:14H- Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving-.
Winner, V,'. B. Jennings & Co.'s ch. c. by Tenny-imp. Redworth Rose. Winner excellently
ridden. Tenny Bell showed to advantage. Alas will do with some weight oft. Werthelm
was- played. Montanua will improve. La Borgia not ready. "Left. Scratched— Midlan 107.
Time — U., :24»i: V,, :49^4: »i, 1:14: mile, 1:40^. Good etart. "U'on first three driving. Winner.
M. Storn's b. g. by llorello-Sunlit. Wooster Boy was tlringr and Bullman erred in lettlna
winner through on rail. Malay out of luck. Locochee no speed. Silver Tone wretchedly
handled. Pins grew weary. Scratched— Hunearian 103.
12I>2. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling:; threa-year-olds and upward; purss, $400.
Time— To :24; to %. :46; last %, l:02»4: short %, 1:11. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third drivine. Winner, W. R. Larzalere'a b. g. by Imp. St. Andrew-Ottyanna. Win
ner Is a fair youngster. Loneliness ran well. Seide stopped. Irate cut off early.
Scratched — Pcreenwell Lake 103.
Track Notes.
There will be no racing at Oakland track
to-day.
John Bullman once more Incurred the
displeasure of Starter Caldwell. He was
fined $100 for general disobedience at the
post and set down for three days. Sam
Hildreth's rider declares he will braak hla
contract and go back East, as he' thinks
Mr. Caldwell has no use for him.
George Rose and Fred Cook both laid
single bets of $1500 to $100 against Argot
to her owner. ¦ AlA
Mat Storn has his horses in splendid
condition at present. Sunello ran an ex-
Hardly cooled out after having been
touched up over the win of David S In
the opening event at Oakland yesterday
the members of the ring met another
facer in the number following. Argot, a
filly by Kosseau-Josle G, carrying tb.3
colors of M. F. Tarpey, politician, mining
man and ranch owner, outsprinted a
bunch of maiden two-year-olds and her
owner took over $10,(*0 out of the ring.
The play was reserved for the last mo
ment, when the price was forced down
from 15 to 5 and 6. Second all the way to
El Sonoro, Johnny Woods gave Argot a
severe Bhaking up at the paddock, land
ing first by a neck. The show fell to
Roundhead, Installed favorite because of
Bullman having the mount.
The attendance was gt>od and the track
in faster condition than on the opening
day. "Bangor, Andrattus and Redwald
helped the favorite players out.
"Plunger" McManus is still after the
scalp of Sam Hildreth, 1 it looking as if
he could not forget the "boost" given
Lord Marmion in the long ago. Sam had
Bangor entered to be sold for $400 in the
mile and a furlong recital. The horsa
was a 2 to 5 chance and led Castake over
the mark more than a length. "When put
up to be sold McManus bid the chestnut
up to $1500, an additional $3 retaining him
for the stable.
Proceedings began with a five-furlong
dash for maiden two-year-olds. David S,
with Kiley in the saddle, was touted as
"the goods," and in a drive beat Lucera
out a neck. Galanthus, from Jimmy Cof
fey's stable, the post favorite, ran third.
Andrattus, with Dominick up, annexed
the fourth purse. The youngster had a
strong 1 following In the ring and taking
the lead shortly after the start floated in
a third of a dozen lengths before the 50
to 1 shot Picklow.
Mat Storn's useful three-year-old, Su
ne.Ho turned a favorite down In the mile
run, "with 20 to 1 about him in the books.
Wooster Boy enjoyed the call at 5 to 2,
and after leading to within a few yards
of the wire was collared and beaten half
a length by the outsider. Malay received
strong backing, but could not make it.
With clear sailing from the jump Red
wald was never caught in the "Closing
chapter, a six furlong sprint. Sybaris
took the place from Tenny Belle.
By F. B. MULHOLLAND.
Ring Hard Jolted
by Victory of
David S, Also
an Outsider.
Maiden Backed at
Long Odds and
Owner Wins a
Big Amount
OAKLAND BOOKIES PALED
AS ARGOT WON DRIVING
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Monday. November 5. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, l'JOO.
Tlmar-H. :12%; %, :37; Hi 1:02. Good start. "Won. first threa driving. Winner. L. B. Me-
Arthur's b. b., by Imp. Mtdlotbtan-Taluda. Away none too well, winner sot through next
rail. Galanthus will Improve. Ducat quit. Others showed little.
13
IPO.I
Index Horse and Weight Pst St.
tt.
H.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
[t Bettlns ,
Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
David S 109 1 3
1?49 Lucera 104 8 6
Galanthus 103 3 1
1125 Glrly Ducat 104 5 5 • ...
1099 Lurayo 104 10 7
114? Briton 109 4 4
1277 Richard S 104 2 3
Litmus ,..109 7 9
1U68 Faenza 104* 3 8
1196 Kitty Lundy 104| 9 10
2 1
s l
3 1
12
62
7 3
4 h
8 :
9 5
10
1 n
2 ns
3 5
4 1
52
6 5
7 2
8 2
9 6
10
Klley
J. Daly
Bullman ....
J. Martin..-
Brodien
£oburn
Tullett _
Encs
Stuart
JMeade
W
19
1
1
13
6
IS
10
15
15
IS
25
9-5
5
60
15
40
20
30
80
5
20
S-5
3
40
10
30
13
3D
60
2
•
7-10
2
29
I
12
ft
if
25
IPo.I
Index [Horse and "Weight. JFstfSt
H-
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Bettlns 1
I Od. HI. Cl. PI.
!C
.... Argrot 1«
.... El Sonoro 109
Roundhead 109
905 Catherine Bravo.. 104 -
1143 Missel 104
1148 Billy Lyons 104
1183 Aphrodis 109
.... Special Reserve... 109
.... Instante 103
1 1
9 2
3 4
4 8
6 7
8 »
7 8
5 5
2 9
2 2
12
3 1
4 l i
I*
61
!'i
5 1
1 n
2S
3 3
4 4
5 4
6 1
72
8 4
»
J. ¦Woods....
Domlnick ..
Bullman ...
Brodlen _...
Ransch .....
Bnos
Cobum .......
Tullett
Raymond ...
8
6
2
10
•
s
6-3
10
15
15
7
3
49-
10
. 8
4
IS
20
«
7
3
40
8
S
4
15
20
2
a
6-5
12
3
2
3-2
5
S
I IPo.I
Index Horse. Age. Welght.lPst St.
%•
H-
Str.
I p
Fin. I Jockeys. I
Fin. I
Jockeys.
I, Betting —
Op. HI. Cl.
' Op.
— Betti
HI.
:lne
Cl.
PI.'
PI.'
(12S6) Bangor, 4..: 107 5 5
12S6 Castake. 6 104 1 1
1170 Opponent. 5 104 2 2
.... Walkenshaw. 6... 109 3 3
12S6 Gauntlet, 4 107 6 4
.... Osmond, 4 107 7 7
Benroe. 5 109 4 8
7
l'l
4 1
3h
Zb
5 1
6 1
7
1 2
3 h
4 4
2h
S3
63
3 3
1 h
2 h
4 1
1 1% Bullman ....
2 4 Stuart
3 4 Fauntleroy .
4 3 Kiley
5 H J. Martin.-.
6 J. Walsh.-...
IBozgman ...
2-5
S
4
8
e
20
40
1-2
15
«
20
8
40
200
8-5
12
8
• 20
1
40
10O
1-5
4
2
3
3-2
12
W
t
[ndex Horse and Weight. I
;i207) Andrattus 107
1273 Picklow 96
319S Loneliness 99
12S4 Seide 106
.... Nellie Forrest.... 109
1277 El Toplo 10S
1207 Intrada 105
1284 Marcy 105
1207 Irate 101
ndex Horse and Weight. Pst St.
ro.
Pst
"T
5
9
1
8
7
8
2
4
St.
2
6
9
7
6
3
S
4
J
U.
H
f neiunz »
Vt. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. a. PL
2 h 12 14 Domlnlck '...I 3 3 11-5 4-5
6 % 2 1 2 1 Stuart 15 60 50 13
9 8 h 3 1 Lcffue 20 SO 30 13
1 h 4 h 4 «4 Enos 5-2 8 13-3 7-5
7 2 5 2 5 2 Kiley 6 8 7 6-!
4 h 6 M> 6 1 Bullman .... 13-5 5 5 2
6 Ui S 1 7 2 IJ. Martin.... 3 7 8 2
8 19 8 2 !Cobum 20 SO 20 10
3 h 7 3 9 iMeade 10 25 20 g
V>.
Btr.
F Po -I
Index Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St M.
1265 Sunello, 3 SS 5 4 3 'i
12S7 Wooster Boy. 3... 106 9 6 2 1
12S3 Goldone, 3 93 3 S .5
1270 Malay. 4 1^3 8 2 5H
1243 Loconomo, 6 97 6 9 9 .
12»7 Pat Morrissey, 6.. 97 4 3 4 2
12S6 Locochee. 4 V>3 7 6 8 1
1201 Silver Tone. 4.... 107 2 7 6 V^
127S Ping. 5 97 11 11
1/ B«ttln* ,
Vt. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. [ Op. II J. Cl. PI.
~T7i *Ti, 1 % J. Walsh.... « 60 29 <
lh 1« 2 V, Bullman .... | 2 5 5-2- «-5
5 h 5 2 3 2 Fauntleroy .5,7 8 2
6 2 3 *$ 4 3 Coburn 5 | 5 J-J 7-5
8 3 6 1 5 h J. Martin.... W 20 20 8
2 'i 2 1 6 3 P.ansrh 4 6 5 2
9 8 2 7 4 IJ. Daly. 12 20 20 8
73 9 8 3 iDomlnlck ... 3 7-2 9-2 8-5
3 1 7 h 9 Istuart 8 20 2 1 ) «
Po.l ~" " ]r
Index Horse, Age. "Weight. Pst'St. U. %. Str. Finf Jockeys.
1231 Redwald. 4 116 8 3 ... 1H 11 1 i*4 [Bullman
12S2 Sybaris, 5 110 It 4 ... 8 h 3h 2 h Domlnick ...
.... Tenny Belle, 2.... 96 21 ... 31 62 31 Itansch
1200 Lost Girl, 6 110 9 6 ... 4h 61 43 Coburn
120S Alas 3 113 87 ... 2^2^51 Stuart
i;C4 Letiser. S as 3 10 ... 9 1 SI fi 2 J. Daly
1130 Montanus, 4 113 6 5 ... 10 8 7 1 Fauntleroy .
.... Werthelm, 4 107 7^3 ... 7h 7h 8 1 J. Walsh....
.... The Singer, 3 103 10 8 ... «h 4 »4 9 2 Klley
l o 05 La. Borgia, 3 113 12 ... 8 h 10 10 IJ. Walker...
74S Faversham. 4 ...110] 4 * ILogue
Op.
6-2
5-2
4
6
5
19
7
10
7
20
5
i Bettinff %
Od. HI. CL PI.
- Betth
HI.
S
3
12
6
30
10
30
12
43
IS
rar
CL
S
3
6
12
S
SO
10
30
13
40
12
i
i
2
4
I
10
4
8
4
IS
s
jfltL ¦ IB I »$aX Laflln & Rand "Waterprof
g 1| IDSEl Smokeless Powder. In b; ;k
H B R iafl ar.d loaded In shells. Send
111 llQii lor catalogue of sportln<
UUilw goods. GEO. W. SHREVE,
739 Market st.
Price 23 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt" of price. DR. PAUL DS
FORD, 175 N. Spring St.. LosAngelea. Cal.
tfosjttveiy enrod ftytbete
; tittle Pills.
Theyi3aoT9Qcvc Distress foa Dyjpwpe&t
bd^tttioa and Too Hearty Eating. Apw-
£cct xe&ady fcr Dizziness, Nausea, Drowd*
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongut
Pain In the Side, TORPID UVER. Tbej
Regulate the Bowel* Puiety Vegetable.
Stn&U Pin. SmaU Dose.
1 Small Price* 1 '
WeeKly Gall $1.00 perYear
a^ Dr. Gibbon^ Dispensary,
l? i :« 1 ?J BA !" { ' irsiT - KstaBllahed
31 In 1834 tor the treatment ot Private
W Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
Kdiseasa rearing 011 bodyandrninaand
«S Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswbeu
MotbersfaU. Try him. Charare? low
JjtnrfTBiiaranurl. Cailorwrita
Dr* J. *'- UIBBON. Bt>x 1937, Saa Franciscc
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
« 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. S21 Mark«t xt.. Sansallto F»rry.
» a. m. train Is the Overland Kxpresa. Corrs-
spondlng train arrives at « p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Comapondtaa
train arrtvea 11:C5 a. m, dally.
»:0O p. ra. Is Fresno and BaKersfleid Express,
with Sleeping Cars fcr both cities. Corrtspiad-
il&g train arrives at 8 a. m. daily.
OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Kerry Depot*
Ean. Francisco: Ilia BitoiIw»t. Oakland.
HOONT TAUJ^MiS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry;
WEEK DAY3....9:li a. m.; 1:15 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS S:UO, 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTERN 8Y. CO.
XjE3SS3BE1
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAX FRANXISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAT&-7:20. 9:C0, 11:00 a. m.: 13:85.
J:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa at 1:60
a nd 1 1 :30 o. m.
BUNPATS— 8:00. 9:S0, U:00 a, m.; 1:30, 8:30,
6:00, 6:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:43.
i-A0. 5:15 p. m. Saturdaya— Extra trlpa at
1:85 and 6:S5 p. m.
EUNDATSV-8:10, 9:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:40, 1:40,
6:05. *:25 p. m.
Between Ean Francisco and Schuetxen Pane
aam« schedule aa above. -
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900.] San Franclaca
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days, f I>estlnat!on.| daya. | Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 1:05 pm 10:25 am
t :13 pm 8:00 pm Santa R&aa. 7:33 pm 1:20 pm
'Fulton.
1:30 am 'Windsor. 10:35 am
Healdaburg.
Qeyservllle.
f :W pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 1:20 pm
7:S0 ami I Hopland I 110:13 am
»:J0 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:80 pm
7:30 ami . 10:*3 <"a
8:00 am Guernertlle. 7:33 pm
1:30 pmj •:¦» pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
. and
6:10 pm »:C0 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:K am
8:30 pm| 8:00 pm| Sebaatrpol. I 7:35 prn| «:2O pra
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at j
GeyaervUle for Skaggs Springs: at C5overdai»
for the Oeysers: at norland for Duncan
Bprtnscfl, Highland Springs, Kelseyrtlle.- Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttar
Springs. Upper Lake. Fomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Uerley'n. Bucknell's.
Banhedrtn Heights. Hullville. Orr'8 Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West*
port. Usal. Wtlllts, Laytonvllle. Cummin*.
Bell's . Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
•mil Kureka.
Saturday to Monday' round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of newt. 950 Market at.. Chronicle bids.
m. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager, Gea. Pass. Agent,
LTe. San Francisco.! >:C0 a ni|4:W p m| 1:00 p m
Arr. S-ockton 12:30 p m,7:15 P m 11:C5 p m
'• Merced !:« p m 1:^3 a m
" Fresno 4:JO p m »:05 a m
•• Vljalla »:Mpra * : ?? a m
" Tulaw 822 pro S:10 a m
- Hanford a:33 p m «:«« a m
" VakersCeld ... i:Ji> p ml T:30 a m
•• lxnver lC-.iii a m
•• Kansas City... 5:is p a
M Chicago 7:40 a m
pnopo«AL5.
IX S- ENO INKER office. Flood bldg.. San Fran-
cisco. Cai., Oct. P. 1300— Sealed proposals for
constructing a wharf and tramway at Point
' Bonita. Cal.. will b» received here until 12
m_ November 8. 1^00. and then publicly
•"¦r-ened. Information furnished on appllca-
ottun. CHAP. E. L. B. r>AVIS. MaJ.. Eng-r».
MABHIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued !
yesterday: i
Albert Gundereheirr.er, S3. 1207 Octavia street.
Br.d Elinore Mayer. 54. 1226 Eddy etreet.
John M. Urorato. 23. 1021 Montgomery street.
¦LUd Mamie Lombardo. ID. 1« Lafayette place.
l^Sward Flske. 30. IIS Ninth atreet. and Emma I
EUi-it, ::. 113 Ninth Btreet.
Ar.tonio Cacniso. 28. 4:;^ Union street, and I
«"tcra DcmartinU 19, T23 Filbert street.
James O'Xelll. 27. 10*5 Market rtreet; and I
M»ry «\ <&lli>r.. 2S. 1OI5 Market street.
Frank S. Grolirr.und, rr. Ocean View, and
Jennie C. .Vewman, 30, city.
Frank J. D^martinl, 27, 12 Union street, and
Aiirelina B. Oampodonico. 18. HOB Clay »t.
Oeorge B. Bonier*. 2". 1C34 Mission street, and
ilary M. Hooper. B. city. .
Hcnrj' A. B«-rrman, £6. 521 Capp etreet, end
Kiln M. Asman. 23. .173 Lombard street.
Inward J. Wltkotchlll. 2J, S4SB Howard
Ftr»*t. and Edith M. Fcnfythe, K. 1276 Jack-
son street. '
Monroe Bamerf. 2S. 1649 Port street, and Ray
22. f2". Haker «trret.
<'«rl Wtter, 42. 14TA Thirteenth etreet. and
Amanda P. C. Thi-fey, 2K. city.
Oeorge W. Rosp, 4S, Nome, and Mamie Du-
«at. 32. rlty.
Curt:» Tobey Jr., 27, Menlo Park, and Edythe
S. Mills, ft. city.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
0 S a g&®i& a i2g*'>
FUN-EnAL DIRECTORS AND EMBA*LMEH3
20 FUth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
LeaT» MarkJt-Btreet Ferry Depot.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Dn*IDEXD Notir»-Di\1dend No. a nhlrtv
Cfr.:s n?r share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan"
tatlon C-niripany will be payable at the efflo,.
cr the oomrany. 327 Market st., en and after
Saturday. Nwembfr 10, 1900. Transfer book«
closed on Saturday. November 3 iv:o a > 12
oVIoc'k m. E. H. SHELDON. ' Pe'cretanr.
UrviDEXO Notice— The Giant Powder Co^T
pary. fon.). A dividend. No. 72, of fieventy-
Cre cesta <75c) per share on the issued capiul
rtock cf the company has V*en <1eolar»'l pay-
able at the effic* of the company. 430 Cali-
fornia. etx*«>t. Pan FrnncisK-o. on November
10. ISO"! Transfer books, close Xnv^-nber 3
1O00, Bf r.r*m. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary '
DIVIDEXD XOTICKS.
ORE AT BARGAINS IN TTPEWmTEn'^We
re'I better rr.arhir.es Jor less money than any
h<-use m the citr; rer.tal«. S3. Th- Typewriter
rschange; 53« Callfcrnia: teUphTne M^l' M
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters- any make
Write for prices to L, & M. ALEXANDER
:iO Mrr.tgcmery at.
TVPEWniTERS AXD SUPPLIES.
r«UGHT and sold: new and se-end hand; large
d-«rlav: very rh^-ap. *?1 Morket. rood ttb
SLOT .MACHINES
BERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
fTiflB ITt CASH, balance same as rent; the bank
loaned $3 «J0 on this place; must be sold at
, nee: S ruo:r.s. almost new; lot 00x130; 2 blocks
: :rair. and 6 minutes' walk to university
proands: ;>prc*laln bath, tiled etnk. pas tlx-
Turrs. tit.<» mantel, cement sidewalk all
around building: Jn fine neighborhood: cheap
p.t ;<:•>'¦¦ **V. <-'. MORAX. I^orln Sta.. Berkeley.
ROOMS. MB HOCSElvEEPIXG.
EABTLETT. <C4— Four large completely fur-
: -;: ;.. i rocm* on first floor; cas; bath; fine
boost: larc J'-rd; $25.
CLARA. F3— Housekeeping rooms to let; 2 or
4 ro^rr.s.
r^nMKNTIN'A, t?l. off Fourth-Rocma coni-
plpte for housekeer'.ng; private family.
¦.VISADERO" US. 7^7. McAllister— Choice
:urr.lshed room*; light housek«-ep'tr If desired.
JFITTH. S£3— 3 furnished hous-ekeeplnp, connect-
j.r.p- »4: also 2. fl2; also hall rooms, $4 to $5.
F< I-SOM. F31— Sunny front bay-window room
and kitchen: hot and cold water; bath: Prt-
irate; $3 a week.
C ¦ : EN GATE ave.. K2-A large light fur-
¦ -. ed room; running water; gas stove.
INT LOBOS ave.. :i;s>— S sunny furnished
rr.s: housekeeping; J10; no children.
eiXTH. IH ffrmny room for light houBekeep-
:ng: also other email rooms.
THE BELLEVUE. 232 Van Xess-Nlcely fur-
r.ifhed cuite. kitchen, complete hskpg. ; ref.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. g00 Flllmore at.
A liUANCII orf.ee for Call advertisements and
Futpor'.rticr.b has been established at 1CS6 Va-
>r.r!a et.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Infnra.
A— BODKEWTCK House. 14S Sixth-Rooms 25c
:r. %\ per r.ight; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and light
houspkpe^lns; orw?n all r.ight.
rtPNETT, 1«S Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
n:?hed rms. suites, fisgle; also unfurn'.ehed.
BUSH. il'O (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms.. SI 50 to $7
[:. wetfc; aofR 50 night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
Cl.IFFOKP. :*M Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furr.iyhed KQaay rooms; prices reasonable.
FLUS. TC5 — Newly furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable; u*e cf piano.
FOLSOM. HT\ cnr. €th <The Oliver)— New fur-
h ''' wumy nrs., e'.np'.e, suites; reaeonablc.
"CEAnT. I0S (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlihed
nr.f; suites cr p!ngle: travelers accommodated.
X^EARy. 1137— Suriny r.ewly furnished; en mite,
Finrlf; hot. cold water: phone; steam heater*.
GTtAND FOl'THEPwN, southeast corner Seventh
and ili^s'.in sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
Firgle; Isdies' rarlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. 96* — Funny furnished room for gent;
private family ; $5.
HOWARD. 10tt3' 3 — Nicely furnished sur^jy front
ba> -window room; also other*.
:.'- TALMAS. ISM Market St.— tfulte of 2 or i
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms. ; board optional.
MINNA. 237— R'vrms ?1 ITS per week upward; £5
rents ',->er night; centrally located.
MINNA. e^7. ccr. ?:h— >'-wiy furn'.phed bay-
wiridcw room, SI per week; transient.
>ETV ARLINGTON. 1015 Market et.-Nlcely
furnished rccraf. J2 a week up; S5e a day up.
¦OFARKELL. 10 — Sunny furnished rooms and
< faces; elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
C.i FAP.nELL, rt— Nicely furnished front suite;
clso other sunny rooms.
J'.OSEPALE House. HI and 221 EUis St.— Rooms.
r.ight tie to tl. week 81 15 to U; open night.
ROYAL House. 1*5 Ellis St.— Incandescent light:
readinr-rocm. eracking-rorm and ladies' par-
ler. rooms, per night. 25c to Jl 50; week. Jl to
tt; mcr.th. $S to $3C; elevator on ground floor;
room* with hot and <x>\4 water; baths.
fHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at.,
n^ar Market— F^'-n'.shea or unfurnished.
FrTTER, KSC— Frr^t rocm. grate, closet; use
ft bath; 1 cr * men; rent IS.
t FT'NNY unfurnished roomi to let. Apply 125
Eleventh St.. near Howard.
CI>A?.= iFlED sdvertlsements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement! and
tubsrrirtirr.s ha« been established at 1CS«
ValT.cla st.
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
jVur.P ar.d room with private Christian fam-
iiy; r.S. EUF I^rkln «t.
M"'ARD tr.d rooms at 415 First at., near Har-
lifcn.
JTIP.PT-CLAES mcdeiT! family hotel; very sunay
rooms; fine tab'.e. 16U California st.
J^'RNIPHED rooms with hoard, gas and bath,
Il«jg?ntlem»s. ¦ 11C'» MrAlliner et.
l^APT lining alone would like to meet lady
timilarly situated who would be willing to
share «r*"M» f' small flat; references given
end required. Address F. O. box 2419.
3"^'ENTY-THTRr>. S3C9. bet. Valencia and Mis-
s!^n— Sunny rooms; private family; all con- I
v»n!>r-«?: best hoard: reasonable.
£E\VI.\G MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinda b-ught. sold, rented, exchanged; re-
rairlrig lowest ratea; open even. 20S Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
fh-ju!e«; reduced rat»s. 345 6th: phone Mint 45.
.Ai-L kinds boucht. scld an! repairing euaran-
¦ «¦>/«. r'Kj, r ;^. riwrr.bo^k. 1915 Mission, r.r. 13th.
SPECIAL NOTICE?.
LAPSES— Ch!chester"s English Pennyroyal Pills
are the b*~t : safe, reliable: take no other;
s^rid 4c Ftamps for particulars; "Relief for
I.aOies" in letter by return mail: at drug-
g Bta. Ch'.cheft^r Chemical Co.. Philadol.. Pa.
T.r,, Sii r-apeVd from J2 £9; whitened Jl tip;
pa:r.t:r.g done. Hartman Paint Co.. J19 Third.
J'.Ai/ tpr.sr.t? ejected for Jl: co'.lectichs made;
cty r r conatry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<:." M rirr,<ry tt.. ro^mr S-1P: tel. 55W.
M<l».iCB AXD WAIIEHOLSKS.
I F.K1NS Van and Ptorage Co.. 72 Mission st.;
ln:n 1S4'>: shipping at cut rates.
VILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
v;,r.s Tfr.th and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storatre ar.d Furniture Moving Com-
larv. Fil',mrr<* st. : phone Jackson ?81.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
•OUTHKKN ¦•Al.'IVIC lOHPAXT.
(P Ml FIO ST*TSX.)
Trmlaa l*m» »•••.! »r« <•¦•<• ««» nrrlt* «4
•jam nuNcnco.
(Main Hue, Foot -t UsrU't Street)
MX ATI — From Octobir 1. 19C3. — lurft
¦7:OOa Benlci*. Suisno. Elmira. Vacarfflsv
Ramsey tud cUcrsaionto *7:i!>r
•7:0O* 8huu Exprns-DaiU. WIUiima(fot
Baxtlett SprisKs). Willows. Red
BluS. Portland. *"?:I3»
*7iSO a Hartiuez, Saa luiixm, V »lieja N»rv
Csllstnga ami San • * Rom • 8 : 1 1 r
•SiOOa DstIs, Woodland. KnfghU Landing.
Mujsrille, Oio.Me. *T:4St
•8iOO* Atlantic llxpresa— Ogdeit and Eut •12:t-1»
•¦ :O» 4 NUM. Tracy, L*:lirop, Stockton "J : 13a
•»iUO* Hsu Juie, I.ifcrn.urr, .Stovkton,
lone, Saeiaineuto. PlaeetriUe,
M»rj»»J:t.. Uhioo. l:..l Jihiti Mill»
•*iS«* O»kJ»>. Chinese. Honors, Cut«r»... •!»! 3»
•»:ot»4 Hajwards. JNilcs +nd W*j gwtions. •! I ««»»
*9:OWa Los Angeles Express — MsrUnex.
Tracy, Lathrep. S'oektoo, Merced
Krsi.m ar.,1 Ix* Aarfoles *7:1S»
•O::i»» Yalli*}«. Mttuiie* ami Way Station* *a>-».~»f
•IVsOU* Thn OverUnd United— Ogden. D«&-
»er, Oniatuk (,bi.»j. •«<43»
•1I:OOa MJcs. a^ocktoit. HauramsnU, Men-
dota, Fresno, Uaafoid, Vi»li«.
l'r,rf»r»i:;c •*»!••
*11:0Oa Itirenaore. Sargor. Ooahen Juno-
tion, Btkeritteid, Lot) Aujelss
•I «:OQtf lUy w:»n!.\ Niks and \: ay .MUCiOSf . •»! 1S»
tliAOpSacrauientn Uiter d:*»inars tS:«Oa
•SiOOp II ijw»rd». Nilts and Way Station!. »a:4*»
•4:aurH«Uun, Hai> lUiuou. Vallsjo.
N»l>n. Ca!!*''>Kn. Santa Itow •!**• J*
Mi««f Benlda. Wirteni. Maorauienla
Wo<».l!an<l. lvi -it-Ills Laudiuj.
M«its*U1«. «>io>il)» •K»:I1 4
Mt8Op;;Ues.HaoJ<»«aiidbtockt0D *?il3»
•AiVWrThe Owl Llmited-Tracf. Fresno.
BakeralleM, Kangtis for Santa IUr-
ttata, Lcs Acgsiaa..: •IO:H»
•¦«••» Btockton.. MtaMA
M:Wf Se» Orleau Rzcnaca— HakerBfletJ.
Santa Itarliaia, Loo Angslea. Deiu-
Ing, E] titn, Mew Orleaus aud
Ka»t *7i«1»
•6iOftrnajrwatdii, Mies ami Haa Joae •7>49*
1 «¦«(> i- V»ilrji> "fitter
•OtOitr Oriental Mail-OgJeo. Cbeyenno.
Omaha, Chicago *12tl3*
•eiOOr Oriautal .Mali— Ogdta. benrar.
Omab%. Chicago. MiISp
•"7:«O» Nlle%-Tr»cy. I.»fhrop. 8tockton.... "laiJar
•7iOOrOr-tfm.ua California Raptaw.Hao.
r.iniei.ti.. Itlarjailile. ICmMInK,
I'ortlantt. ritzak .Soiuxl au<l t>Ust <a i43*
JiiO.-ir Valirjo. Por» CciU ai.J Way Ma.
Uoua. |11:»<>
COAST DIVlHIOa (5 arrow Uan^e).
(Foot of Market 3traet.>
••i I Sa Newark. (Jen ter*ille.Sau.)oso,Follon,
BoulderCreek.SafitaCiiizand Way
Btatluna , •«<*•»
t»»iar Nowiu-k. Canterrllle. San .lose, New
AlmadAO, Feltoo, Itonider Creelt,
Santa Cnu and Tilaelpai Way
Htattons ti«i.i«)»
•€i»i»p New»rk. H.n Jose. Los Oatoa •Hi.io*
«ll»4Sp Hnnton' Eieursioa. San Joa« and
W>y Stations t7»«»>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
r>t«su raimuca— r«*t *r uuui sir.*. isii?s>—
•*«;» tsiSo •Y^:--: n:M * s " " lM
fnaOlIUlt— F«#l»rBr«dwiT.— '8:00 8:04 1000*. a.
. tl2:C0 »I:33 »:S3 '3:03 UC3 '8 ;3r.i«.
COAST ItlVISluN <llroail Oawaxea,
(lblril a«.<» Towntand Sta.)
J Mil*A Ocean View, South 8an Frandaen.. fittmr
*l:0«* Hun Jnas aixl *7ay SUUoiis (N«w
Ahuaaei- WmliMnditf a only) •¦>*•»
••¦•O* M»j, J,,»,. Ties I'lim*. Hmu Cms.
Facllio (irnte. l'aso Itublea, Man
Luis Oliinpo, .Surf. Lonpoc aiiil
Principal Way Statli.ru *4il«v
•loiio* Ban Joaa ami Way .stations. *«>s.1a
¦!l:3t>* Hau Jos* uml W«" Htatioua »Siat»-
t*i-l.>>- Sau Matso. Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, 8ait Juaa.
Tret Pino*, bant* Cmz, Sa!iu*j,
Monterey and Pacific Grova flOiXflA
t:i:.1»r Saa.!un«am1 Way Hkationa *7i3«p
H:l»r8mnJi.ie.n<l Principal Way Station* *1»:-13«
t»:OOr3«a Jo«e. I, on Gatos aud Priueipal
Way Stations ?D:«i<»
•Sj.IOp SanJoxe an.l Principal Way SUttous '»:::%
•ti::tur San Josaaiwl Way 3'atlona ?•:«">»
»H:-HrS«ii.lc»»inlW»y HtatiuM* *1:3i»
A for Morning. P f or A f ternnoB.
'Daily. . tMiinday exeepted. I Suuday only.
' flAtlUrdaj Qjqij.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September t). 13C8.
FROM SAM FRANCISCO TO MIXX. VJlL'UL t
AND SAM RAFAEL.
1VEEK DAYS— «:55. *0:15. U:W> a. m.. I:**
J:15, 4:00. 5:1J. N.13. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley *cd Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *3:0O. «10:CO.. ni:10 a. na.. lilS.
1:1$, •*:«, C:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-«:2S. •«:«). 7:40. »:»> a. m..
•12:SO. 1:43. «3:K0. 4:J0. 5:3) p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAY8-8:*). •i:0O. «10:C0u *U:43 a. m..
•1:40, *3:15. 4M5. *«:iO p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:43. C:4S. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:33. t:\0. 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:29 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:06. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 1:13. 2:3*.
S:0O. f:43 p. in.
THROUGH TRAINS
1:15 a. rn. week days— Cazadero and way its.
' tions.
1:4j p. ra. Saturdays— Tomale* and way sta-
tlODS.
8:0O a. m. Eundir*— Tomales and w»jr staw
tkina
CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
"¦'E. 1 !™^ 11^? 18 % lty L N ? v «mber 4. 1900. Sarah,
beloved wife of the late James Neill and
mother of Samuel Nelll and Mrs. P. Daly a
M i££J} f S oanty Donecal. Ireland. *
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at »:3O o'clock, from her late r«,-
dence 6%, Bush etreet. thence to St. Mary's
Church f I'aulist). corner of Grant avenue and
California rtreet .-where a solemn requient
hirh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her noul. commencing at 10 o'clock.
C7FuncraI private.
M^^~k"i th i" CUy '. Member J. 1900. Infant
and beloved son of J. Sydney and Clara Mee.
NANNERY-In thli city. November 6. 1900.
ThoniaF beloved husband of Maria Nannery.
and father of Thomas, John and Joseph Nanl
nery and Mrs. William McCarthy, a native
of County Longford. Ireland, aged 66 years S
months and 16 days. (Brooklyn papers plea««
,,£^ The funPra ' »'lll take place to-morrow
(\\ rtnttrtay), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 228 Brannan 6treet. Interment Holy
**ross Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city. November 5, 1*00. Louisa
')< S i ar V, ni mQtner of Miss E. L. Martin and
O. B. Martin, a native of Portland, Maine.
ared 72 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Tu?p<5sy). at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence,
BU California street, thence to St. Mary's
fhurrli. corner of California and Dupont
Ftreety. where a mass will be celebrated.
MALONEY-In this city, November 6, 1300,
Franci* N.. beloved son of John and Mary
luionnr. and brother of James, Thomas,
John. Peter. Joseph. Willie, Nellie and Kittle
Ms.lonc.jf. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year :. months and 5 days.
Gone but not forgotten.
C7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
fTu«"*day). "at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chap»"l of th» Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric
funeral car, from corner of Guerrero and
Twentieth streets.^ at 2:30 o'clock.
MAHLKE:— At rest. In this city. November 3.
1'XtO, Catherine Grace, dearly beloved wife of
I.«ewl» Mahlke, and mother of Annie Marls
and Louise Ida Mahlke, a native of New
York..
(ryserviceg will be held to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of her
parents. 19 I?is street, between Twelfth and
Thirteenth. Folsom and Harrison. Interment
strictly jTivate.
KIRI— In this city. November 6. 1D00. Alma, be-
lovpd dauchter of Felix and Ihe late Dora
Kirl. and filter of Annie. Mildred. Leon,
I>»na and Newton Khri, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged IS year* & month* and 11 days.
KRAMER— In Provo City, Utah. August 23.
19*?), ErneFt J., i>on of George Kramer, a na-
tive of North San Juan, Nevada County, CaL,
ar»d 40 years 6 months and 1 day.
LEECH— In this city. November 3. 190&. Robert
G. Leech, beloved husband of Mary M. Leech,
a native ot England, aged 72 years and 19
months.
(T7Friendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Marku's
German Evangelical Lutheran Church. O" Far-
rell tstreet. between Franklin and Gough. In-
termer.t Maionic Cemetery-
JEFFERY— In th!« city. November 5. 1300.
Samuel C. beloved son of Albert G. and
Sarah A. JefTery, a. native of Salt Lake City,
Utah, aged 13 years. '
JOHNSEN— In Oakland, November 4, 1900. Re-
gira Maria, wife of John F. Johnsen, mother
cf Maria Alfrida, Waldemar and Edwin John-
Epn, and sister of Frederick and Hilma Peter-
son, a native of Oland. Sweden, aged 33 years
1 month and 27 days.
JOSEPH-In Ukiah, November 3, 1300, Emile
Joseph, beloved husband of Emma Joseph,
ard father of Eleanore, Helene, Paul, Phil-
lipp*. Jiuth and Ueni Joseph, a native of
Switzerland, aged S7 years and 14 days.
KERN-In this city, November 5. 1900. C. P.
Louise Kern, dearly beloved and only child
of Adpm G. and Louise Kern, a native of San
Frarr'.wo.
CrThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), from her late residence, thence to
Et. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
mays will be celebrated, beginning at 9:30
o'clock.
GARRITY— In this city, November 3, 1300, Pat-
riclt Garrity, beloved husband of the late
Ann Garrity, father of John, Michael and
Mary Garrity. and brother-in-law of Thomas
Marrin. a. native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
GIBSON— In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember 5, ifOO. Thomas Gibson, a native of
England, aged 46 years. ••
GRAUERHOLZ— In this city. November 4, 1900,
Adele. dearly beloved wife of Henry J. Grau-
erholz. mother of George, Irma and Infant son
Grauerholz, daughter of George and Mar-
parethe Bruns. and 6ister of Mrs. Sophie
Hencken. Mrs. H. G. Schubert and Miss
Emma Bruns, a native of San Francisco, aged
£1 years 1 month and 17 days.
C7Fri»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrcw
< Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resldenoo
of his sifter. Mrs. Henry Brockhoff. 13S Henry
etreet. between Fourteenth and Fifteenth,
No* and Castro. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery by carriage.
FORTUNE— Susan May, youngest daughter of
Mary and the late James A. Fortune, a native
of San Francisco.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Tuesday), at S:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission etreet.
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem ma«s will be said for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURRAN— In this city, November 5, 1900.
Thomas, beloved husband of the late Mary
Currau. and father of Annie. George, James
and Joseph Curran and the late Nellie Ben-
eon, a native of Scotland, aged 62 years and 6
months.
EAGLES— In this city, November 5, 1900, Reu-
ben Wilson, beloved husband of Marthla An-
netta Eagles, a native of King County, Nova
Scotia, eged 41 years 2 montr.s and 22 days.
FARR.ELL— In Oakland. November 4, 1900, Pe-
ter Farrell, dearly beloved son of the late
Michael and Catherine Farrell. and brother
of Mrs. Henry Brockhoft and the late There-
eia McClellan and John Joseph Farrell, a na-
tive of California, aged 35 years 7 months and
S <?ayf!. (Oakland papers please copy.)
CTFri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. tlV North Point street, rttwecn Hydt»
and Larkin. thence to 413 Slitter street.
Druids' Hall, where services will be held
ccmir.enring at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
of North B^ach Lodge No. 9, Hermann's
Sons. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
BROSNAN-In Oakland. November 2. 1900. Den-
nis Brosnan. uncle of Michael and Ellen Col-
lins, a. native of Scartaglin, County Kerry,
Ireland. ag«d 50 years.
tyRemains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &.
Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eishth.
ANTONY— In this city, November 5. 1300, Henry
Antony, beloved husband of Carrie Antony.
and father of Laura. Freddie, Henry and
Carrie Antony, a native of Beckheim, Ge.-
many, aged 54 years and 2 days.
ALLEN— In this city, November 5. 1900, Alex-
ander W.- (Sandy), beloved husband of Addle
Allen, son of Alexander A. Allen, and brother
of Peter Allen, Mrs. A. Hlnman. Mrs. George
R. Crary ar.d Mrs. H. B. Isaacs, a native of
San Francisco, aged 36 years 8 months and 21
days.
ANDERSEN— In this city. November 5, 1900,
Hattle, dearly beloved wife of Louis J. An-
dersen, mother of Josephine CNell Ander-
sen, and daughter of Anna and the late
Charles R. Rice, a native of San Francisco,
aped 25 years 7 days and 1 month.
DIED.
Allen. Alexander W.
Andersen. Hauls
Antony, Henry
Broenan, Dennis
Curran. Thomas
Eagles. Reuben W.
Farrell. Peter
Fortune, Susan M.
Garrity, Patrick.
Gibson. Thomas
Grauerholz. Adele
JefTery. Samuel C.
Johnsen. Reglna M.
Joseph. Emlie
Kern. C. P. Louisa
Kirl. Alma
Kramer. Ernest J.
Leech. Robert Q.
Mahlke, Catherine G
Maloney, Francis N.
Martin. Louisa J.
Mee (Inrant)
Nannery. Thomas
Nelll. Sarah
Newhall, Margaret J,
ONlell, Mary A.
Parsons, Marie A.
Powers. Michael
Price, Lizzie- B.
Reddy, Aarness
Root. Sarah A.
Runstrom, Charles
Sehmitt. Phllomena
Sherman, Harriet N.
Shields. John
Tarbox. Mary J.
Welcker. Wlillam T.
Woods. Angelina B.
BURR— JEWETT— In this city, November 3.
1900, at the residence of the bride's parents,
by Rev. Bradford Leavitt. E. WlUiard Burr,
el3e*t eon of Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Burr, and
Ada Bell Jewett, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Phllo D. Jewett, both of this city.
BERER-PHILLIPS-In this city. November 4.
1900. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Nathan Berer
and Pauline Phillips.
COHEN— BLUMENTHAL— In this city. Octo-
ber 22, 1900, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Samuel
Cohen and Fanny M. Blumenthal.
GOODALE— KUCHMEISTER-ln this city. No-
vember 3, 1900, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Dr.
George Goodale and Kmma Kuchmeister.
HOLM— STORA— In Oakland, November 5. 1800.
by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. Andrew San-
frtd Holm and Ellen Lenette Stora. both
of Oakland.
LURIE— BERNSTEIN— In this city. November
4. isoo, by the Rev. H. N. Schoenfeld. Harry
Lurle and Susie Bernstein.
McCAMISH-GRAMLICH-In this city. Novem-
ber 3, 1900, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Del-
more McCamtsh and Louise Gramlich.
MARRIED.
BOBN.
ROHR-In this city, to the wife of J. H. Rohr.
a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication ofQces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
KEWHALL— In this city. November S, 1900.
Margaret J. Kewhall. wife of the late Henry
M. Newhall, and mother of Henry G., W.
Mayo, Edwin W., Walter S. and George Ai-
mer Newhall. a native of Indiana.
{ETFuneral this day (Tuesday), at 10
o clock, from her late residence. 1299 Van
O'XIELL— In this city, November 6, 1900. Mary
A., beloved wife of Patrick O'NIell, and
mother of James F. O'NIell, and daughter of
Frank and JIary McSkane. a native of Coun-
ty Monaghan, Ireland, aged 23 years 8 months
and *S days.
PARSONS— At her residence, 1S79 Fifteenth ave-
nue South, South San Francisco, November
6. 1900, Marie Antoinette Parsons, dearly be-
loved wife of Edward B. Parsons, and loving
mother of Leslie 1. and the late Byron Par-
sons, and daughter of the late Joseph E>. and
Laura Lartos, and 6tepslster of Fred Perria
of San Juan, a native of San Juan, San Be-
nlto County, Cal., aged 28 years 1 month and
2 days.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors*
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 1209 Mission etreet. between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
POWERS— In Oakland. November 5, 1900.
Michael Powers, a nrftlve of Ireland, aged 50
years.
PRICE— In this city, November 4. 1900, Lizzie
B. Price, beloved daughter of F. J. and Ann
Murray, and sister of Eugene and the late
Walter T. Murray, Mrs. M. Mountain of
Portland, Or., and Mrs. Frank Holbrook, a
native of Ean Francisco.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 11V4 Folsom avenue, off Folsom
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, for
services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
REDDY— In this city, November 4, 1900, Agness
Reddy, beloved sister of Anne Gannon,- a na-
tive of County Sllgo. Ireland, aged 62 years
and 6 months.
E7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor .& Co.. 767 Mission Btreet,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROOT— Entered into rest. In this city, Novem-
ber 6, 1900, Sarah Ann, beloved wife of the
late Harvey Root, and mother of J. H. and G.
H. Hawes. Mrs. S. A. Kelley and Mrs. Robert
McLellan, a native of Nelson. N. Y.. aged 81
years and 12 days. (Springfield, Mass., papers
please copy.)
tC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late res-
idence, 652 O* Farrell street, between Jones
and Leavenworth. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland.
RUNSTROM— In this city, November 6, 1900,
Charles Runstrom, beloved husband of Han-
nah Runstrom. a native of Sweden, aged 4fi
years and 6 months.
|C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from Charles J.
B. Metzler's parlors. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHMITT— In this city. November 5, 1900,. Phil-
omena Mary, dearly beloved wife of Jacob
Sehmitt, and mother of Jacob M. Schmitt. a
native of Botzen, Tyrol, aged 66 years and 6
months.
SHERMAN-In this city, November 5, 1900,
Harriet N.,' beloved mother of Frank P. Sher-
man, and lister of Julia A. Holbrook and H.
L. White, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 66
years 3 months and 3 days.
E7"Friet><1s are respectfully invited to at-
tend th» funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from the residence of her sister, 37
Liberty street. Interment private.
| SHIELDS— In this city, November 5, 1300, John,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Shields,
j and father of John Patrick and Edward
j Shields, Mrs. Ellen Horan and Mrs. Mary
Broderick. a native- of County Donegal. Ire-
land, aged 63 years 9 months and 13 days.
TAHBOX— In San Jose, JCovember 4. 1300, Mary
J. Tarbox, a native of Sudbury. Mass.
(TTF- •»«*.? p?.v es at her late residence,
i It ttejrtti #ls day (Tuesday), at 2
i c c'.--kM Prlv&c* Interment Wednesday at
• Miitamc Oej*«Wrj ',San Francisco.
1 WOOD? -In (VV*t 1 at 516 East Fourteenth
1 e(re»t NivroUir - 11900. Angelina B. Woods.
j mothfr cf Mx«; C L Hambleton, a native of
| Xcvf Vo;k, tifi - 'years 10 months and 24
i " dJ-i"^. ¦ ¦ \
: WUCKr,R-/t hi* -esidence. 2244 Bancroft
*«j. H,-.rkf!«}-. Cal.. November 3. 1900, Wll-
' i:»r; '/. .V-.Vlcker, » native of Athens, Eaut
Tenceaate, f.z*d 7'.- .ears 4 months and lp
£3*1" s t&atzai mU take place this day
(1 Jf.rcafi, *t 2 o<ick, from St. Mark's
Church, tJan . i^ft *>r .¦ , near Ellsworth street,
fserfctfle r . ¦. lat«rir.«rt private.
1 ST. JOSrPK'i- UNTOK— The semi-annual sol-
¦:kit: huii rr,»*» ci PMXUlem for the deceased
;n a i3berv cf St. Jo* ¦>;;.: s Union, and the de-
C*4ae4 rt'a*.<v»j3 nt t&« living: members, will
'.•e etlth&tcd in St. .\::.ry'8 Cathedral, at 10
o'clock, "c-taorryrr O'-'-dnesday). A sermon
VCtrorris.1© f> t-h*- w« ¦ »ion will be preached
by s ciTgyjcea frox» "..- • southern part of the
s.rv"BHo£Sfs.' ,
Walter II. Gibson. 34. 1012 Mariposa atreet.
and Annie C. Gillegnle. 28. 116 Texas street.
ABVERTISEMENTS." The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday affirmed the action of the
referee in the matter of A. P. Scheld
bankrupt, and affirmed the judgment in
the case of Andrew Lochbaun against the
Oregon Railway and Navigation' Com
pany. • :-¦:.-.' ¦
Circuit Court of Appeals.
Employes of many big downtown houses
took the last opportunity of the campaign
last night to show their devotion to Presi
dent McKlnley and the Republican party
They formed a parade and headed by a
band marched along the principal streets
A serenade was given The Call, and the
Republican State Central Committee was
similarly honored. ¦. v-
Serenaded The Call.
Memorial Hall in the Odd Fellows' build
ing was crowded to its limit last night by
ladies and who accepted the
invitation of Fidelity IJodge of the Odd
Fellows te attend an open meeting. The
committee on entertainment, through Dr.
W. B. Curtis, the noble grand, offered a
programme of high-class numbers as fol
lows: Instrumental selections by J. E.
and Miss Llllie Splnk; whistling solo, B.
J. Wales; recitation, Miss E. Lowenberg;
vocal selections, Robert Sachs. Miss Em
ma Giovanetti and Messrs. Jones and Kd
mlnster; tinker chorus in costume by
Messrs. A. Moore, W. Olsen, F. O'Neil,
W. Warden, V. Baker and J. J. Phillips.
Dancing followed."
Fidelity liOdgre Entertains,
Don't overlook Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's
name on the ballot to-day. His name is
in th* last column of candidates on the
ticket as independent candidate for Con
gress from the Fourth District. Stamp
a cross after his name and you will never
regret it •
Ended Her Life With Acid.
Mrs. Annie Fahey, aged 31 years, drank
carbolic acid in a lodging-house at 317
Third street yesterday evening and died,
from its effects soon afterward. Mrs.
Fahey was divorced from her husband
some time ago and since the separation
has been despondent. Her groans attract
ed the attention of other lodgers in the
house last evening and when her room
was entered she was found writhing in
agrony with an empty carborllc acid bottle
beside her. An ambulance was called, but
she expired before it arrived. The body
was taken to the Morgue by Deputies
Flynn and Smith.- --
ent <of the # Record-Union was perfectly
reliable and that the matter was pre
sented not in malice but as a truthful
I representation. Other matters of a slml
j lar character had been sent by the same
correspondent to the Record-Union but
j had not been published. Mr. Mills also
I said that he knew nothing personally of
I the allegations, but that, knowing the
correspondent, he believed them to be
true. Matters referred to by the Record-
Union took place after he left Paris.
"I am making no war upon the com
missioners." said Mr. Mills, "but will be
yon left Paris on July 6 "and never came
back, and the question is raised what
he did for his salary of $5000 and for the
$4000 or $5000 of expenses drawn from th*
treasury of the State." .
A charge. Is also made in the article
that, while Gasklll has been drawing a
salary of $600 per month, he has been
putting In his time eecuring an agency
for a French champagne, some of the
champagne which he has sold to th-3
commissioners and also to himself and
paid for the same with the money of the
State. He is also represented to have
spent considerable time In London en
deavoring to get the agency for Bass' ale.
Then there is an allegation that the Sac
ramento River Salmon Packers' Associa
tion was turned down with a silver medal
and the Alaska Packers' Association was
given a gold medal, the decision of the
judges being reversed because of pressure
brought to bear by Commissioner Foots
and Secretary Gaskill, although the Alas
ka company "was outside of their Juris
diction."
Commissioner Truman is also . repre
sented as saying that Gasklll is seeking to
delay the report, of the commission so
that he can take several months and draw
more pay and also to delay It so that it
cannot be reached by the next Legisla
ture. The statements concerning the
champagne and Bass' ale agencies are
attributed in the letter to Commissioner
Truman. Incidentally the statement la
made that the commissioners have been
having a cat and dog time abroad. Run
yon and Foote running things and "Tru
man sitting in the gallery looking on."
W. H. Hills is the editor of the Record-
Union. Concerning the article in his pa
per Mr. Mills said yesterday that it was
published under the "direction of the
managers of the paper at Sacramento and
that the paper was entirely responsible
j for anything that it published. All that
I he knew about the facts or -the publlca
! tion of them was that the correspondent
| was known to him and that the opportu
nities of the correspondent for knowing
the facts were first class. No error would
occur in his work by reason of any lack
of information, for he had an Intimate
connection with all matters referred to
in the article.
Mr. Mills also said that the correspond-
COMMISSIONERS TO PARIS
EXPOSITION UNDER FIRE
Are Sharply Criticized for the Manner in Which
They Disbursed State Funds.
There may be fun In certain quarters
when the California, commissioners to the
Paris Exposition return. A letter pub
lished in the Sacramento Record-Union
from Paris accuses two of them and also
their secretary of various offenses. It Is
alleged that out of $130,000 appropriated
by the State at least $75,00) has been ex
pended in salaries: that Varney Gaskil!
had his salary raised from $200 to $COJ
per month and that Commissioner Run-
pleased to see a detailed statement and
classification of the expenses because I
am thoroughly persuaded, from personal
observation, that the money appropriated
by the State was disproportionate to the
exhibit made by the commissioners In
Paris. When I first learned that the com
missioners would not make an exhibit for
California I stated in a published inter
view that the best course to pursue would
be not to draw the appropriation at all.
The result of the exhibit made by the
California commissioners In Paris dow
not justify a retraction of that state
ment."
open disregard of the orders of the Court
of Appeals has done much to help along
tho feeling of distrust. When the writ of
supersedeas arrived in Nome Judge Noyes
was heard to say, so it is alleged. "Our
company made a great mistake not to
have had some one to look after the San
Francisco end of this litigation; if it
had these writs would never have been
issued." It was not until then that the
Judge was supposed to have any Interest
whatever in the company. And then peo
ple began to talk when he referred to
"our" opponents and "our" antagonists
whenever he had reason to speak of the
miners who were fighting for their claims.
And he was heard to say, too, when the
writ came to Nome, so it is declared, that
Judge Morrow had nothing to say In the
matter, and he was ably backed in this
cpinion by Hubbard, the secretary of the
Alaska Mining Company, who Is reported
to have said: "What do we care for Mor
row anyway. What does he amount to?
Noyes is the Czar up here. He is the one
who will look out for us."
And when Noyes was bemoaning the
fact that no one had been retained to look
out for the "San Francisco end," he did
not know that a mission of James Gallen.
United States Commissioner and a
brother-in-law of Senator Carter, had
borne fruit. As soon as it was known
that an appeal from the decision of Judge
Noyes would be sought. Gallen left Nome
and the next thing was the employment
of Gunn of the firm of Kellogg, Davis &
Gunn to look out for the "San Francisco
end." And soon after a telegram came
from Senator Davis in Washington say
ing, "I have seen our people here and they
are all right and everything here will be.
all right."" The "Washington end had been
looked after, too.
The litigation under way here includes
but a few of the claims which have come
under the notice and the litigations of the
Alaska Gold Mining Company. Just as the.
St. Paul sailed news came from, Topkuk,
a place sixty miles down the coast from
Nome, that a receiver was working one
of the richest claims in that region. The
claim was about to be .opened up when
one of the residents there was approached
with the offer of the receivership of the
mine if he would divide. He declined* and
did not get the place. It was not known
to any but the Insiders at the time that
there was to be a receiver, but one was
put in, a man named Cameron, who was
a friend of McKenzie. Within an hour
after the appointment was made a barge
loaded' with mining machinery was sent
down the coa3t to Topkuk, and the ma
chinery which It carried was marked
"Alexander McKenzie. Nome." McCor
mick went down to -work the machinery,
and he took with him twenty or thirty
men. The owners of the property offered
to give a bond; they offered to work the
mine themsel-wes and turn Irs all the dust
they took out of It to the court; they pro
posed that if the plaintiffs won they would
turn over all the dust, not reserving even
what they had paid out for the working
of the mine, but to all these propositions
a deaf ear was turned. The mine is being
run by the receiver, and there is no repre
sentative of the owners to say a word as
to how It shall be run.
In all there are more than five hundred
suits filed by squatters and Jumpers, and
more than one hundred receivers have
been appointed. The receivers are almost
to a man friends of McKenzie, and in the
cases of the richest mines he himself is
the lucky man.
Those who have come from Nome de
clare tha{ the legal tactics practiced and
allowed are ruining the country. A man
dare not admit that he Is getting an ounce
of gold from the ground, for if he does he
will have his claim under a receivership
at once. The aim of the company, it is
declared, is to freeze the miners out by
tormenting them with the law's delays or
to force them to compromise, much to the
profit of the company. The Jumpers are
doing a rushing business, and the pros
pect for service for the troops Increases
with every new claim Jumped or receiver
appointed. .
McKenzie was brought to this city by
Deputy United States Marshals Shelly
Monckton and George H. Burnham at
8:30 o'clock last evening. He was allowed
the freedom, of an ordinary passenger
The accused receiver towered high above
the officers, his big frame and broad
shoulders making him appear like a verit
able giant. . ;
McKenzie Is a fine specimen of man
hood and is a picture of health. He has
a well rounded face with a heavy neatly
trimmed dark mustache. He wore a
heavy black silk-lined overcoat and black
derby and carried a cane and valise.
At Oakland the officers were met by
Chief I>eputy Ferrlsh. who relieved Burn
ham, the latter remaining In Oakland
over night.
The deputies had no trouble with their
prisoner. He was arrested In Nome at
8 o clock- on the morning of October 15.
li 18 , 1 ." ~ e had flnlshed breakfast at the
Colden Gate Hotel. He offered no re
sistance. Four complaints were filed
against- him. two being sworn to by
C. D. Lane and two by the Pioneer Min
ing Company.
The prisoner was taken to the Palace
Hotel, where he will remain for the pres-
j The situation in Nome is strained. Ru
mors affecting the new court and its of
ficials are flying thick and fast and the
This ended the fight In Nome, and mar
shals, lawyers, witnesses and. the pris
oner took the steamer for San Francisco.
The getting away was not so easy as it
might have been, however, for "William H.
Metson, who was fighting the legal bat
tles of the Pioneer Company, / was
warned that he would not be allowed to
leave the city, and Sam Knight, who was
with him, was cited to appear for con
tempt of court for having procured an af
fidavit from a man named . Reese which
contained the statement that Reese . had
given Noyes $2000,; in consideration of
which Noyes was not to appoint a re
ceiver in his case. It was claimed that
the statement was false and that Knight
knew it, and that therefore he ' was In
contempt. Knight was missing when
the steamer time came, however, and a
diligent search of all the steamers In port
failed to bring him forth. But when the
St. Paul was well out in the ocean and on
her way home, a small boat- crossed her
path and a man in it hailed her. It was
Knight. A- rope was thrown to him and
he climbed aboard. Metson sent word to the
court that he was going home on the St
Paul and that if he was wanted he would
have to be sent for, but he was not
molested.
And while this was being done in the
town, a force of armed men went up to
the claims, and gave, the men working
there for the receiver fifteen minutes
to leave.' The order < was obeyed.
And at the courthouse a motion
was being made that the bonds of
the receiver be made larger. It was
pointed out that he had charge of hun
dreds of thousands of dollars in gold dust
and property, and his bonds were but
$5000, but Judge Noyes refused to raise
them and the air of . the courtroom was
blue with the arguments and the plain
statements of fact that went from the
bar to the bench. •
There was $30,000 that belonged to
Charles D. Lane; there was $113,000 that
belonged to the Pioneer Company and
$40,000 that belonged to the Andersons, be
sides much more belonging to other
claims. The Lane gold was $10,000 short
and the Pioneer gold was $15,000 short.
McKenzie was charged, with the. shortage
and he admitted that there was a deficit,
but he declared that when he arrived in
San Francisco he would ¦ make It good.
The gold was taken -from the vaults
where it had rested and was stored in the
vaults of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany, to await the outcome of the litiga
tion, i - "•
When he was asked for the keys of the
vault. where the gold was stored. McKen
zie said he had given them to Joseuh
Woods, the United States : Marshal ¦ for
Nome. "Woods was asked for them in the
name of the writ, and he refused to give
them up. He was told that if he did not
the vault would be broken open, but still
he refused, adding to his refusal threats
that there would be bloodshed if such an
attempt was made; threats in which Mc-
Kenzie heartily joined. But nothing
daunted the miners and their friends
sought the vault and with axes and bars
they broke into the safe and then
knocked the hinges off the boxes until
the whole gleaming pile was disclosed.
Under the circumstances there could
not be much done, on the clafms and it
gave time to the miners to wa'jch the liti
gation and tho stormy scenes that fol
lowed its course. The whole town of
Nome turned out to see the; men from
the Pioneer Mining Company .break open
the boxes of gold in the s*.fe deposit
vaults and carry the nuggets away. This
was done after the order for the arrest of
McKenzie came up from here. The gold
had been located by a stratajem of the
miners, and from the time it vas located
an armed guard watched over It for fear
that It would be taken away. Then when
the order for the arrest of, McKenzie
came, the company and Its retainers an
nounced that they were going to have
that gold. The writ of supersedeas had
not seemed sufficient to the military au
thorities, but the order for the arrest
was, so they said the miners could go
ahead.
ers arrived in Nome on July 21 last. It
was a Saturday. The following Monday
the company got to work and the court
appointed McKenzie receiver of several
valuable properties. • There was no notice
in any of these cases. But the work of
the company did not btop there. "Within
a few days more than one hundred suits
had been filed, all traceable to the com
pany and all of the same character. Some
one claimed he had located before the
owner and he wanted a receiver appointed
to look out for the property until his
rights could be determined. It- did not
take a month to raise a crop of receivers
one hundred strong and more, but with
their advent came the ugly rumor that
if the offers of compromise that were
continually flying round were accepted
there would be no receiver. It is known
where men compromised and went free;
it Is also known that men refusec to com
promise and were entertaining a receiver
before the words had grown cold upon
their lips. The offers were not always
definite, but they were available, and p
man had only to say he was veiling and
he was let alone.
It Is becoming that his greatness should be
mentioned In this presence, because his was
One cf his last official acts In the Xlnth Cir
cuit, where he had so long presided, was to
assist In the organization of this court. It
Is proper that his likeness should be preserved
In the place where the duties of the court
are performed, to the end that those of the bar
who come after us may know how this great
man looked, and whose decisions they will do
well to study and to follow.
Justice Field was blest with a long life,
going to his grave "in a full age like aa a
shock of corn cometh in Its season."
His greatest work was done during the re
construction period which followed our unfor
tunate and ever to be regretted civil war. The
mighty questions which he was then brought
to consider were hardly less Important or diffi
cult than those which taxed the genius of a
Marshall. The masterly manner in which he
grappled end elucidated those great national
problems will ever excite the admiration and
wonder of mankind. But what most redounds
to his glory In this regard Is the noble charity
which he exhibited In the performance of thoee
Judicial duties. That brutal precept "vac vic
tls" found no lodgment in his reason or his
heart. And while many, hot from the recent
conflict, murmured and railed against the mer
dful rule by which he tempered the harshness
of laws enacted during the season of bitterness
and strife, he had the clear vision to 6ee then,
what we all rejoice In seeing now, that this
nation was again to become strong, happy and
reunited, and that it was the policy of the law,
as well as of wisdom and the highest and
noblest attributes of Justice, to hasten rather
than postpone that glad fruition.
The great distinguishing trait of his char
acter was absolute courage. Ills bitterest
enemy never charged Judge Field with coward-
Ice. Among the scenes of violence and blood
shed which unhappily too often shadowed the
early days of California he was frequently
put to the test and never flinched or wavered.
By this quality, as well as his intellectual su
periority, his fellow men were brought to re
gard him with respect and awe. Divested of
the ermine of his office, he was affable and
pleasing to his friends and kind and consid
erate to those about him. He was generous
to all in the humbler walks of life and mind
ful of their needs. He was known and hon
ored to an especial degree by the colored peo
ple of "Washington, by reason of his watch
ful regard for their lights, and their respect
for him on this account grew to reverence
during- his declining years.
Ftrengthen and embellish his Judicial monu
ments.
This auspicious occasion should serve not
only to enhance our respect for one whom in
honoring we honor ourselves, but also our
respect and reverence for the science of the
law, which In Its ramifications touches every
interest of mankind and through which so
ciety itself coheres, and which has been made
luminous and strong by the minds of such
men as Justice Field. "We are also reminded
anew of the duty of the bench and bar to
Bee that the law shall be upheld and enforced
and that its equal protection Bhall extend to
the strong and the weak, the poor and the
rich.
The Circuit Court of Appeals gratefully ac
knowledges the presentation of this reminder
of the life and work of a great lawyer— one
who was a member of this court at the time
of its organization and who will always oc
cupy - a conspicuous place among the distin
guished Jurists of the present century. To
the bench and bar the memory of the life of
Justice Field will always be revived in his
decisions, those models of the clear and stren
uous elucidation of the principles of the com
mon law and of American constitutional law.
Justice Field" s Influence as a Jurist will live,
like that of Mansfield, so long as the admin
istration of the law shall continue among Kng
lish speaking peoples. Centuries hence when
by the wearing waste of time this canvaa may
have turned to dust, his great opinions will
b« considered by the legal profession with an
awe and reverence akin to those with which to
day the followers of Confucius regard his
teachings.
"William B. Gilbert, senior Circuit Judge,
spoke on behalf of the court as follows:
not tho genius to acquire mere wealth, nor
to organize or conduct some one of the stu
pendous worldly enterprises of this age which
by their vastnesa tend to overshadow the work
of the Individual mind, however able, and
threaten the possibilities which have hereto
fore etlmulated individual undertakings ; but
he was master of a great intellectual power
by which he was enabled with unerring view
to ecan and comprehend that almost bound
less region of the law, bo vast that the ordi
nary mind may hope to explore but a limited
portion, and through love of the law — whll6
one of his brother* projected and put In opera
tion an invention for the transmission of in
telligence beneath the waters of the Atlantic
and another attained great eminence as a prac
ticing attorney— he gave his life work to his
country in the study of those great questions
which were the burning Issues of his day and
time, and in molding to the ordinary com
prehension those great legal principles by
whose aid those Issues were resolved and upon
which the fabric of our government is founded.
THK litigious contingent came
down from Alaska yesterday,
bringing tales that savor of the
middle ape's. There is not much
law in Nome anyway, but what
there is is working more harm to the
country than if there were none, it has
come to pass that when a man finds his
claim is paying well he covers It up and
lives on the hope cf the fortune that is
awaiting him, for so eun> as he shows
his golden spoils a Jaws-alt and a receiver
follow. Hundreds of line prospects are
lying idle to escape- the law that shoul-i
protect them and. hundreds of claims tflat
were paying pounds of pold have been
shut down with the report that they have
been worked out.
The beach !s deserted because the
Golden Sands Mining Company swore out
warrants for all the miners who would
not retreat before it and then when the
company^ took possession its machinery
was fcund to be unsuitable and so the
rich sands are lying untouciied. And at
Topkuk and along the creeks where tho
busy miners once worked hard and lon^
for themselves receivers with scores of
id!e workmen and high-priced machinery
are working the claims, and what is left
of tho gold is being turned into a safe
deposit vault to await the result of liti
gation that will end only in a compromise
or defeat for the miner.
And the most significant fact of the
whole situation is that if a miner will
compromise before suit has Deen filed he
finds himself receiver proof. He may do
as he pleases then and squatters and
claim-jumpers pass him by.
The suit of greatest Importance in the
northern gold fields has transferred itsell
to this city and here it will be fought out
before the Circuit Court of Appeals. It
is the trial of Alexander McKenzie for
contempt of court for having refused to
obey a writ of Bupersedeas Issued out of
the Circuit Court of Appeals command
ing him to deliver to the defendants in an
action In which he was appointed receiver
all property of theirs which was placed
In his charge; and also all the gold dust
he took out of the claims during his un
interrupted receivership. The dust
amounts In value to over $300,000; tho
claims Include some of the richest on tho
famous Anvil Creek.
The % course of the litigation reads like
a romance. It Includes bodies of armed
men seeking by force what the law would
not give them. It Includes threats of
bloodshed, of forcible dispossession and of
wholesale murder, and it ondB with tho
breaking open of a safe deposit vault and
of big boxes of nuggets and carting them
away In the sight of a whole town full
of people, who cheered as they looked on.
The trouble began on July 23 of this
year, yrhen Judge Noyes, the new United.
States District Judge, had been but two
days in Nome, and the first move was tho
appointment of a receiver for the rich
Discovery claim owned by tho Pioneer
Mining Company. There was no notice
to the owners that such a proceeding was
pending. The receiver stepped In and
commenced to run things, and when tho
owners applied to the court they were told
there was a prior claim by one Robert
Chlpps, who settled on the place in 1899,
and also that tho owners were aliens and
therefore were not entitled to ho'.d the
'claims under any circumstances.
It was shown to the court that the own
ers, Undeberg, 'Lindblom and Brynteson,
located the claim in 1838, six month's be
fore Chlpps was in the country, and it was
further shown that Lindblom and Brynte
son were naturalized, one in 1S96 and the
other In 1S9S. The law requires but one of
the locators to be a citizen. Despite these
showings, however, the receiver held pos
session and took out nearly $15,000 every
day from the Discovery claim and those
he had gathered In with It under the same
rulings of court.
An appeal was taken to the Circuit
Court of Appeals in this city and a writ
of supersedeas commanding the receiver
to give up the properties and the gold he
had taken from them -was issued, but
when the writ was received In Nome the
receiver would not obey It and the court
would not enforce it. So it became a
question of physical strength. The own
ers gathered around them a body of ,T>cn
and prepared to retake the claims and
also to wrest the gold from the vaults,
but to this the military officers in charge
of the troops stationed at Nome would not
assent. It would cause bloodshed, they
said, and so the receiver worked on. The
Court of Appeals was sought again and
McKenzie was cited for contempt In hav
ing disobeyed the writ of -the court. Un
der that writ. he was arrested and was
brought here for trial yesterday.
According to tho story of thos© -who
came down from Nome, the gold hunters
are the victims of a conspiracy that may
end in an investigation by the President
and Congress and the ruin of more than
one reputation. The claims are being
gathered in by receivers upon the suits
of jumpers. All are backed by the Alaska
Gold Mining Company, and many of the
Jumpers have been^ proved to be among
its stockholders.
The Alaska Gold Mining Company Is a
corporation formed under the laws of
Arizona and having its office In New Tork
and its principal place of business In
Alaska, A man named McCormick, an old
friend of McKenzie and a resident of
Alaska, Is Its vice president. O. P. Hub
bard of the law firm of Hubbard, Beman
& Hume, Is Its secretary, and Robert
Chlppa, who Jumped the IMscovery claim;
Todd, a banker of New Tork, and Blatch
ford, a lawyer of New York, are among
its directors. Its stock Is curiously dis
tributed. Chlpps has 300,000 shares: Hub
bard has 300,000 more; a man named
Blakesley, of Chicago, has 200,000; Fisher,
Leonard and Kester, who Jumped claims
that the company is now litigating, have
among them 150,000 shaies; a man named
Slade has 300,000 more; a Mrs. Requa, also
one of the plaintiff Jumpers, has 50,000,
and a man named Jacobs, another Jump
er, has 100,000, and there are more who
Jumped and sued and held stock whllfj
the receivers dug the gold from the soil
and the owners fought In the courts and
refused to compromise." The remainder
of the stock is held in the name of Mc-
Kenzie. It was a source of concern to th<3
stockholders that he held the bulk of the
stock until he Is said to have explained
to one of them that he had "to take care"
of some friends of the company, and the
friends he is said to have mentioned are
Senator Carter of Montana, Senator
Hansbrough of North : Dakota. Senator
Davis of Minnesota and Judge Noyes,
the District Judge at Nome.
The Golden Sands Company was formed
of the same people, but there were two
differences— It worked the claims along
the beach; the other worked the claims
in the Interior and on the creeks. It
attained possession by arresting the
miners for . trespass and by threatening
arrest; the other uses suits and , receivers
and the slowest processes of the law.
Judge Noyes. McKenzie and a few oth-
Companies Make Spe
cialty of Com
promises*
Litigation Over Jump
ers' Titles Ruin
ing Nome*
Writs From Higher
Courts Set at Naught
and Ridiculed byths
Officers of Justice*
Go!d Taken by Force
1 by Men Who Held
Writs CrderingThat
It Be Turned Over*
— ?
ent in charge of Deputy Marshal Monck
*y t C *t"? e JT Cline(1 t0 rnake a "y *onnal
statement when seen last night
"The newspapers have b*V»i havlne
their inn^s" h, »«, -an/x Vrop^se to
have mine before long. t am no £ lng
to try my case in the newspaper-, how
ever. The trmn v.i',1 comm out at the
proper time. If there Is any statement
to be made it must come through my
lawyer."
Tne report that he was a?scciated wtth
Jucge Noyes in a New Ycrk company
McKcnzie branded r^ an absolute untruth.
Indeed, he doubted i* Jud^e Koyea knew
the name of the company he was connect
ed with, he said. He declared to be false
the allegation that Judgi- Koyea wa.^ re
paying: a debt when he appointed him re
ceiver, and that there was an ur.flprstan''.
infj that he t.McKenzlo would see that
Noyrs was well repaid for making him
receiver.
F. B. Kellcg? ar.rt M. F. Gunn applied
to the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday afternoon for an order
admitting to ball Alexander McKenzie,
the receiver for the Nome District mines.
The court denied the application, but in
timated that Mr. McKenzie might remain
in custody of the Marshal outside of Jail
if the Marshal chose to take that risk..
An order was made fixing to-morrow at
11 a. m. for McKenzie's appearance before
the court.
A- Sbarboro Beturns From Europe
A. Sbarboro and family have returned
from a seven months' tour through Eu
rope, having visited during that time the*
principal cities of France, Italy, Switzer
land, Germany and England. Mr. Sbar
boro says the large cities of Europe, es
pecially Italy, hav© museums filled with
works of art by the great masters of
priceless value. Th© cities are also beau
tifully adorned with monuments and
statues of their great men. Wide ave
nues and green lawns and trees and beau
tiful gardens may be seen In th© heart of
the cities, but In commerce, manufac
tures, business methods, conveniences for
traveling and living, our country is far
in advance.
Faulkner Is Acquitted.
The charge against A. G. Faulkner of
stealing a watch from the rooms of Julia
E, Dall of 106 Eddy street was declared
to be false and unwarranted in the Police
Court yesterday and the defendant was
Immediately release^.
THERE was not even "standing
room only" In the courtroom of
the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals yesterday morning
when E. S. Fillsbury, on behalf
cf the vridow cf that eminent Jurist, the
late Supreme Justice Stephen J. Field,
crose to make the presentation to the
court of a finely executed oil portrait of
the deceased. Circuit Judg-es Gilbert and
Morrow and District Judg^e de Haven oc
cupied the bench.
Among those present were Wells Laflin,
commander. United States navy, captain
of the man-of-war Itanper, a nephew of
Justice Field; Mrs. Captain Lafliri. Mr^.
William W. Morrow. Miss Eleanor Mor
row, Lieutenant Commander A. F. Fech
telcr, Anthony L. Farish. . Mrs. A. L.
Farish. Miss Chalotte A. Shra^re, E. S.
Wood. John Ii. Miller, J. C. Campben,
Major Georere Filmer, Judjre C. N. Fox,
Edward L^inde, Colonel J. Word of Mon
tana., Milton S. Gur.n cf Montana, Frank
B. Kellogg; of New York, E. IL Beemiui
of Ncme, W. S. Holladay. F. P. Deering.
Horace G. Platt. Richard C. Harrison.
Marshall B. Woodworth. Edward J. Ban
ning, Garret W. McEnerney, George F.
Sheltcn. Xathan H. Frank, E. S. Pills
bury. L. A. Iledman. I. M. Kalloch, H. C
Schaertzer and W. H. Metson.
Mr. Pillsbur>' fpoke as follows:
Hay It Please Tour Honor: Responding- to
a request preferred by the San Francisco Bar
Association that the features of her late hus
band should be manifest in some of the court
rooms cf this city, the widow of Stephen John
ccn Field has deputed me to preeent to your
court this portrait of that Jurist, and to ask
Us acceptance as a mark cf her high respect
for the Judfes who constitute this tribunal.
and alto ts a testimonial of her loving memory
tor the xnaa whose face Is delineated upon this
canvas.
In performinj: so pleasing: a duty for this
generous and respected lady, may I be per
mitted your Honors, to say. as a member of
the bar, that it seems to me highly fitting that
the walls of this courtroom should be adorned
by the picture of a man who has done so much
to add luster to the Jurisprudence of our coun
try.
It would b* idle fcr me. ca ruch an occa
sion, to atte*s«ot acy account of the life of this
'. fJrc-u'.^.'i Individual, who will always be
known aruT *. kf n of in this State as "Judge"
Field. Hi* judicial life, first as Alcalde at
Marysvllle fifty years ago, next aa Justice and
later aa Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
the State of California, and last for more thaa
thirty years as a Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States. Is familiar not only to
every lawyer, but to every citizen of this State
possessing the slightest acquaintance with Its
history.
This portrait was j>a-stefl, presumably, about
twenty-five years before his death, when he was
at the lenlth cf his Intellectual vigor and
power and when, aa a member d the highest
court In this land— than which no other is more
tuRUst or powerful in the wide world— h« was
writlr.e thoee wonderful opinions which have
made h!s came Immortal. And while the bar
of the Unlte-3 Etatee, by common consent, gives
to Chief Justice Marshall the first place among-
American Jurists, as Washington stands first
among cur statesmen, I look for no contradic- ;
tion to the statement that amcr.p those who
have come after John Marshall no Jud^e of this
land has displayed greater judicial perception
or Intellectual etrengrth than Stephen Johnson
neld. His powerful mind was enriched to the
highest degree with legal learning:. "Petere
fortes" was his precept and his practice. H>
had diligently threaded the labyrinths of the
law and thoroughly comprehended the philoso
phy underlying that artificial reason which Is
Its life. He »a« deeply read In the black-letter
lore of the common law, and from this store
house he drew materials and treasures which
E. S. Pillsbury Makes
Presentation Speech
on Behalf of Widow
of Deceased*
»
Judge William R. Gil
bert Delivers Feeling
Address in Reply for
Bench*
COURT OF APPEALS PRESENTED WITH
PORTRAIT OF LATE JUSTICE FIELD
MINERS HIDE THEIR GOLD, FEARING
COURTS WILL SEND RECEIVERS AFTER IT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1900.
SUPREME JUSTICE FIELD, AS HE APPEARED IN THE PRIME OF HIS
MANHOOD AND AS HE IS PICTURED IN THE PORTRAIT IN THE
COURTROOM.
WILLIAM H. METSON, ONE OF THE ATTORNEYS "WHO HAS BEEN
FIGHTING FOR THE MINERS AT NOME AND WHO RETURNED
HOME ON THE ST. PAUL YESTERDAY.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying sea
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., 128 Ellis.*
All your money refunded, by any dealer if not
satisfied with' a smoke of the ."American"
clear Havana clear. ' *
See that you vote for Judge 'William P
L*wlor, who has proved himself worthy
of the support of all citizens, Irrespective
of party. . ' . . •
Ladles* tailor-made fults. fillc aklrts. fur
capee; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 828 Sutter. •
Tour aldeboard at home Is Incomplete If it
is not stocked with Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
DR.JMULTY.
rrniSWELL-KXOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I Specialist <rwM Blood Poison, Oonorrhcea.Gleet.
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders, r.ook on Diseases of 3Iei>. free
OverMyean'experence.TermsreMmjable.HourV,
0to3daily;6:.'»toa.30eY'gs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Con-.ul-
tfttionfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ItOMCOR MeXULTY. 91. D.
86 >i Kearny St., Han Francisco. <SlL
visr- OR- JORDAN'S orcat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
£jr The Largest Anatcoiical Maem in th -
- ja .. Wortd. We»Jreets«» or *3» contracted
•JTCjQJ disease pc*»ll»«'ly cursdhy ihe oldait
f» £g Speculiit ci» liw Coait Ejt 36 73ir»-
fl*8fc?i 08- JORMH-MftATE DISEASES
5f%X5^j Coa*ultatioo inn and rtrictly print*
I Vi^'J Tr« lament personally cr by letter. A
fit GT 53 i"om.tn» C*r»m rtsry cue undertaken.
8 7 111 » w 'ite for Book. PatLO8OPaV«f
I (j 1* attunucE. MAiuta van. <a
Jf IJ, * nluMe book (or mru)
f>B. JUBDAX « l'O..10UUarketSt.,& f.
Paderewski to
Steinway.
Vmn. Etelnway tt Rons, New
Tork:
Gentlemen— Before leavlnr your
hospitable ehores. I mutt convey to
"1 you my heartiest thanks for the
beautiful Steinway upright piano
C that you placed In my private car.
In view of the fact that in ray
» recent concert tournee we covered
over 22.000 miles, and that we went
throuph many changes of climate,
from the most severe cold to tropl-
i cal heat. I was surprised beyond
words that this little piano did not
Fhow the tlirhtest changes in
action, mechanism and tone under
the trying ordeal. The beauty of
Its tone, the power of its resonance
and the perfection of Its mechan-
ism were a fwirce of fially delight
to me. as I had the Instrument in
conitant u«e practicing for my con-
certs. Sincerely yours, •
L J. PADEREWEKI.
May the 15. 1900.
Mr. \Ta3ter Damrosch and other '
professional musicians play exclu-
sively upon the fitelnway piano.
Steiswaya are eold on easy terms.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
| Steinway Piano Dealers,
? Cor. Kearny and Butter Bt».. S. F,
Cor. 13th and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Third and Morrison. Portland.
711 Second avenue, Seattle.
5) is
"Kaufmans steps la Luclce's Shoes." >J
i Thestyle S
1 pleases J
'{t And so does the price. £
% Picture shows a patent g
'f\ leather lace shoe, with i;i
I French heels and cloth %
I tops, the latest in style fe
; and design, price, 1:1!
I $3.50 a pair. I
»•! You have paid more many a :¦•
lj]j time for just such a shoe as ::•
•3 ours. :!;
£ Youths' and boys' satin calf :*:
k shoes, fine uppers, good, heavy :;•
':; soles — :!•
• : sizes 13 to 2 $1.25 ¦?;
I' sizes 2$4 to 554 91«5O r#
!: A new pair free if they don't I;:;
/ '•• wear well. '. . fc".-
I ir&ufliANHS i
g JVl^^rtRiy U.CKE5 *!{,) I:;
•; p 832 MARKET st_S.F I.v