Ing to win from them. There Is a chance
that the Republicans may. pick up a few
seats in the mountain States. They have
been encouraged to believe that three or
four States In that region which sent op
position members to the present House
will ijo Republican this year, and that
McKinley may pull the Congressional
ticket through. The question of which
party shall control the House of Repre
sentatives may depend altogether on the
size of the vote that is got* out In New
York and Pennsylvania. Republicans be
lieve lhat If McKinley carries these States
by majorities at all approximating those
of four years ago, they will gain from
ten to twelve seats In the House In these
States alone. This would Insure them
control of the House even with consid
erable losses in the South and Middle
West. vn.';>:--. 'iM?-'
HARVARD FOR McXTNXEY.
trary Recently Started.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
No Truth in the -Report to the Con-
BOSTON. Oct. 7.— The astonishing state
ment made at the Massachusetts Bryan
Club meeting last Friday that "nearly all
the Harvard professors are going to vote
for Bryan" has turned out to be false, as
the following figures prove: Nineteen for
McKinley, four for Bryan and one unde
cided.
•Albert Bushnell Hart, the. historian,
said: "I am sure that at least two-thirds
of the Harvard faculty will vote for Mc-
Kinley." " ' .¦ ¦¦-
CANTON, ¦ Ohio, Oct. 7.— President and
Mrs. McKinley, with the exception of an
early morning drive with several friends,
kept " close | Indoors to-day. The Presi
dent's uncle, B. F. McKinley, and his
daughter remained * at - the house until
after noon,'. when they left for. Cleveland,
'xwo-'old friends of the family, ¦ Judge
Def ord of Carrollton and Judge . Arral of
Toungstown, called.. The President and
party will leave for "Washington on a spe
cial caVat 12:45 to-morrow afternoon.'
in Sis Canton Home.
Visited by Relatives and Old Friends
Dr. J. M. Pierce, dean of the graduate
school, said: "I. shall vote the Repub
lican although I am a Democrat—
perhaps because I am a Democrat."
Other Republicans are Silas MacVane,
professor of history; George Washington
Cram, the recoruer; Professors Sablne,
Morris Hlckey, Morgan, Bruce and Wy
man of the law school. A supporter of
Bryan was at last found in the well
known person of Phllllpe Belknap Mar
cou, the Instructor In French.: William G.
Brown, deputy of the University records,
is for Bryan. ¦ _
PRESIDENT REMAINS INDOORS.
Professor Shaler, dean of the scientific
school, says: "When I find my party I
shall be a Democrat, but this year I shall
support McKinley."
Archibald Coolidge will vote, the straight
Republican ticket. He thinks most of
his colleagues v.ill do the same.
George Pierce Baker will vote for Mc-
Kinley as tho leaser of two evils.
operators looking to an understanding?"
President Mitchell and other leaden ara
strong advocates of an annual wage scala
similar to that in force in the bituminous
The belief is general that the miners
will accept the increase. Most of tha
mine owners who have granted the waga
concession do not specify in their notices
how long the advance shall remain In
force and It Is not unlikely that an at
tempt will be made by the miners In con
vention to open negotiations with the
President Mitchell after the conference
said he would have something to say to
morrow In regard to the convention. If
the date has been fixed only Mitchell and
his colleagues know It. President Mitch
ell said to-day that not one official of the
mine-workers would take a hand In any
action the convention might take, as the
men must themselves settle everything
that came before them.
The question of Issuing a call for a
joint convention was the principal mas
ter discussed. The convention will u»
held at Scranton unless something unfor
seen should arise between now and tho
time of the issuing of the call. Besides
the matter of a convention call the ques
tion of representation was considered.
The three district presidents made full
reports as to the conditions as they now
exist in the respective districts.
Lackawanna and Wyoming Valleys;
James Duffy, district No. 7. Lehigh Val
ley; John Fahey, district No. 9. Schuyl
kill Valley.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 7.-The Reading
Company to-day made public Its annual
report, covering not only the affairs of
the Reading Company, but also those of
the Philadelphia and Reading Company
and the^ Philadelphia and Reading Coal
and Iron Company.
The three companies covered all ex
penses, Interest and other charges, ex
penditures for betterments and mainten
ance of equipment, and In addition left a
surplus of Jl.338,000. The gross receipts
were J55.966.954, the expenses W4.857.390 and
the fixed charges and taxes $9,150,925. The
gross receipts increased $9,062,926. and the
expenses Increased $8,213,544. The company
mined 9.219,764 tor«t ; of coal during the
year, an Increase of 1,036,120 tons. The
funded debt of the Coal and Iron Com
pany was reduced $1,374,000 during the
year.
PROFITS OF BEADING COMPANY
Indications are coming to the surface
that hasty action will not likely be
reached on the question by the conven
tion and that recesses will be taken pend
ing conferences of committees with the
operators. These conferences will be re
quested with the purpose of obtaining a
clear understanding as to the permanence
of the increased pay, if accepted, and also
to ascertain the operators' view of the
proportion of the Increase to be respect
ively allowed the miners and mine labor
ers.
ganizatlon at a secret conference to-day
at Hazletoi, and he gave no Intimation
as to when the convention would be held.
HAZLETON. Pa.. Oct. 7.—A_c*n
ference which Is believed ts
mark the beginning of the end
of the anthracite coal miners*
strike, which enters upon its
fourth week to-morrow, was held at the
headquarters of the United lllr.e-Work
ers here this afternoon. Those present be
sides President Mitchell were Fred Dil
cher. a member of the executive board,
and Presidents Nicholls of district No. 1,
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. ".—It is the
general belief that President
Mitchell of the United Mine
Workers will to-morrow issue a
call for a convention of miners to
consider the offer of Increased wages, to
be held at Scranton, and the supposition
is that Thursday next will be named as
the time. Mr. Mitchell, however, declined
to give publicity to the matters discussed
by himself and other officials of the or-
SCEXES I IN 'THE PENNSYLVANIA COAL MINING REGION. WHERE THE STRIKE OF MANY THOUSANDS OF MINERS IS IN PROGRESS THE STRTTC
jSRS ARE BECOMING RESTLESS AS THE RESULT OF THE LONG PERIOD OF IDLENESS AND INCIDENTS AS DEPICTED ABOVE ARE OF FRE-
to Retain Control.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 7.-Satlsfled now
that they will win the Presidency, Repub
lican campaign managers are very un
easy about the next House of Represent
atives. It la entirely possible that Presi
dent McKinley will be re-elected by a
large majority of electoral votes, and that
the Democrats might have a great ad
vantage over the Republicans for the rea
son that in their stronghold in the solid
South almost every State that gives Its
electoral vote to Bryan is sure to send a
solid Democratic delegation to Congress.
In the Republican strongholds, however,
many States will have broken delega
tions. There Is no question that the elec
toral vote of Massachusetts will be cast
for McKinley, and yet the Democrats will
have one and possibly two Representa
tives from that Btate. Iowa, Michigan,
Minnesota and Wisconsin, - which ¦ have
solid Republican delegations In the pres-
Republican Managers Fighting Hard
CHICAGO. Oct. 7.— Surrounded by
men and women of the congrega
tion, with the benediction of Rev.
Peter Moerdyke of the Trinity
Dutch Reformed Church \ yet
sounding In his ears. Governor Theodore
Roosevelt of New York to-day was set
upon by boys and young men, who heaped
epithets upon him, cursed him In the pres
ence of women and children and followed
his carriage hurling mud and profanity
after him.
"Who shot a Spaniard in the back?"
"Here he comes — the ."
"We've got a chunk of ice for you,
you ."
These were the mildest of the saluta
tions which shocked the ears of those who
followed Roosevelt out of church. Women
and children, horrified, drew back Into
the sanctuary. Roosevelt paused for' a
•¦moment, white with rage.
"Go to hell, >ou ," yelled the fore
most ruffian.
Curtis Guild Jr. saw what was coming.
He had Roosevelt by the arm and whis
pered:
"For God's sake, Theodore.^ don't say a
word — don't do anything. Get Into your
carriage."
But Rcosevelt was furious. He had
neither cane nor umbrella, and for a mo
ment he stood before his lnsulters the
picture of impotent and Insulted anger.
His tormenters danced around and away
from him. It was the first time since he
came into the West that respectable
women had been made to hear In his
presence such scurrility. But Guild
grabbed him by the arm a* he opened the
carriage door nnd almost shoved the Gov
ernor into it.
"Drive to the Annex," yelled Guild lo
the driver. A moment later the vehicle
was dashing down Harrison street with
a dozen yelling, cursing, mud-throwing
boys In pursuit.
Mr. Moerdyke, pastor of the church, was
left standing in the doorway, whither he
had 'followed the Governor, appealing
vainly for a policeman to arrest the rut
fians. Before the policeman arrived the
rabble had gone after Roosevelt's car
riage.
That was the ugly finale to what had
previously been a model daj; of rest and
worship for the Republican Vice Presi
dential candidate. With nls college mate
and friend, Curtis Guild Jr.. he set out
from the Auditorium Annex for the
church at 9 o'clock. When they sat
down, Mr. Moerdyke came to meet them
and shook hands.
The sermon was a dissertation upon
heroes of the Bible. When the benedic
tion had been pronounced, Mr. Moerdyke
came forward, and, addressing Roosevelt,
said:
"I know that It would be cruel to ask
you. Brother Roosevelt, to address my
little congregation, but If you will stand
up and greet us one and all, we will
thank you."
Roosevelt stood up In his place, and,
turning to the pastor, said that he could
not If he would and would not If he could
preach a sermon now.
"But," he added, "I expect to come back
to Chicago next winter, and I will certain
ly come to worship here. You have been
very hospitable to me and if the opportu
nity comes then I will give you a lay ser
mon, using for my text the words 'Be ye
doers of the Word and not hearers only.' "
Then he shook hands with all who ap
proached and went out Into the street to
encounter Insults.
When seen to-night Governor Roosevelt
refused to make any comment upon' the
experience he had at the church.
Curtis Guild Jr., the college mate of
Governor Roosevelt, and companion on his
stumping tour, says that the hoodlums
who insulted the Governor as he, was
leaving the church wore "Chicago Amer
ican" hats. Rough Riders, who were the
Governor's escort last night, say that the
hostile demonstrations in front of cheap
saloons on Fifth avenue were led by half
grown men carrying Mr. Hearst's paper.
ANXIETY AS TO THE HOUSE.
Agciin has Governor Theodore Roosevelt of Nezv York, Republican candidate for the Vice
Presidency, been singled out for mob attack. While emerging from a Chicago church at the close of di
vine services yesterday, he was attacked by a crowd of roughs. Insulting epithets zverc hurled at the
New York executive and lie zvas pelted ivttJt mud as he zvalked to his carriage. Furious tenth rage,
Roosezrlt zvould have fought the mob, but a friend hurried him into the carriage and drove azuay.
ent House, may each return one or more
Democrats this fall, and the five great
States of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Indiana and Illinois: which have at pres
ent forty-six Democratic Representatives,
may all go Republican and give their 130
electoral votes to McKinley, and may yet
increase their Democratic strength in the
House.
In the election of two years ago the Re
publicans secured a majority of but thir
teen In the House. This was Increased
subsequently by the unseating of Demo
crats and Populists in contested cases,
but If the Democrats make a net gain of
seven on the face of the returns over the
election of '98 they will have enough to
organize the House. There are no Ies3
than twenty-five seats now held by Re
publicans which 'are in danger of being
captured by Democrats.
Several of these are practically conced
ed by Republican managers without a
strurgle. In others a hard flght is being
mads. On the other hand, there are seats
now ¦ held by Democrats which Repub
licans are confident of winning, but these
are not so numerous as Republican seats
that are In doubt.
Republican managers are therefore di-.
rectlng their efforts toward trying to car T
ry the few seats now held by Democrats,
but especially are they endeavoring to
hold the seats which Democrats are try-
Vice Presidential Candidate Set Upon by a Mob of
Young Men and Boys While Emerging
From a Church in Which He Had
Attended Worship.
* •
President of the Mine Workers'
Union Will- To-Day Call a
Convention to Consider
Operators' Proposal.
END OF STRIKE
IN COAL FIELDS
DRAWING NEAR
CHICAGO ROUGHS HURL
MUD AND PROFANITY AT
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT
BRYAN MAKING
NO PROGRESS IN
PIVOTAL STATES
New York Staats Zeitung, an Influ
ential German Paper, Comes
Out in Support of
McKinley.
T^ -j E"W YORK. Oct. 7.-With only a
g^Vf rnont h of the campaign remaining
¦ IB an unprecedented condition of
* affairs prevails In the State of New
York. The Empire State, with its
thirty-six votes, has been the determining
factor in many Presidential elections, yet
it is practically at political peace and the
election only four vre^ks away. No na
tional candidate on either ticket has been
In the State to make a speech. No cam
paigning of moment has been done.
¦vTMe New York may not be the pivot
upon which this election will turn, sup
porters of Mr. Bryan frankly admit that
he must carry it to win. On* the other
hand, it Is clear a? day that if New York
should co for Bryan it would be carried
t>y a lardslide that would sweep with it
a. half-dozen other States that are appar
ently stanchly Republican now. Nothing
but a political revolution could give New
York to Eryan and such a political revo
lution would be l:ke!y to carry New Jer
sey, Connecticut and most of the States
cf the Middle "West.
Meantime all New Tork eyes have been
turned on other States. The drift in In
diana Jnst now seems to b« in favor of
the Democracy. Bryan has not this time
been confronted with great audiences
wearirp golden rr>d as he was in 1KKL The
Republicans are evidently preparing to re
vise the glowing reports received from
Harry C. New about Indiana a week ago.
In Illinois the situation continues to b«
puzzMcp. because of the conditions in
Cook County. Republican managers are
engaged In the tremendous undertaking
of making a complete political, census of
the city of Chicago, which is to be com
pleted In six days from the time It was
begun. Oek County Republicans are fight
ing one another with much more ferocity
than they ever fought the Democrat*, and
the administration is beginning to realize
that Governor Tanner end his followers
"would be quite a* willing to see the Re
publican national ticket defeated as not
to have tht-lr own way in all Congres
flonal end local nominations In Cook
County. The advantages are with the
Kepubiieans In the State of Illinois, how-
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— In an .edi
torial which will appear in to
morrow's New Yorker Staats
Zeltung that newspaper unqual-
ifiedly comes out In favor of
McKinley. though It chooses him as "the
lesser of two evils." The editorial In part
follow? :
Our estimate of the dangers connected with
President McKlnley's colonial policy has un
dergone no change. We are not only firmly
c«nvlneod that the Philippine Islands will
never repay in material advantages th« sayi
fices made for their possession, but we are also
satisfied beyond all doubt that the continuation
of the policy of conquest must hopelessly cor
rupt our public life and either destroy our free
institutions entirely or at least compel us to
engage in a severe struggle for their preserva
tion, not to mention the dangers of foreign
complications. Furthermore, we are fully
aware of the fact that Mr. McKlnley's elec
tion will b« Interpreted and exploited as a vic
tory of Imperialism, even if It has been caused
by distrust of Mr. Bryan's teachings and char
acter.
In spite of all this we consider a Republican
victory less dangerous for the welfare of the
nation than the election of William J. Bryan.
He has shown in his formal letter of accept
ance and In numerous speeches delivered since
then that he has not learned, cannot and will
not learn, anything In regard to the financial
question: that his Ignorance and lack of per
ception In this direction are Incurable. He
must be considered the greater immediate dan
ger. His election would undoubtedly produce
widespread disturbance of present economic
conditions, from which hardly anybody
escape and which would subject a large part
of the American pecple to severe suffering.
It la not well to rely too firmly upon the
hope that Congress will not contain a majority
friendly to silver. Lack of confidence in Wil
liam J. Bryan's character is so pronounced that
hli election would euJflce to produce Brave
economic convulsions, even If his hands were
completely tied. But he can do untold harm
without the anslRtanee of Congress. And we
must consider that hi* election would be In
terpreted by politicians ea a victory for silver.
Many of the Senators and Representatives who
are bow eppeeed to free coinage have voted for
it before when they thought * majority of the
people desired it, and they wouH do so again.
Bryan's extreme views on the financial
question and recent utterances regarding
the dangers of a standing army have
driven to McKlnley's support two power
ful newspapers— the Chicago Record and
the New York Btaats Zeltung.
In Maryland the fighting Is becoming
very furious. The money Issue is being
gradually forced to the front and during
the last week the campaign has very
nearly assumed the lines of battle of 1S36.
Maryland, which has been conceded to
Bryan, may now be considered debatable
ground.
There Is no change in the situation in
n.»y of the New England or Middle States.
The Republicans in Delaware are holding
their own and are having the better of it
New Jersey and Connecticut furnish no
proof that they will leave the Republican
column. Advices from W>st Virginia con
tinue to Indicate that McKinley is in the
lead there, but that the Legislature and
Senator Elkins' ceat are in the balance.
ever, and the Democrats are not willing
to wager that Bryan will carry the State.
All the news that has come from Ne
braska during the week has been Indica
tive of ReDubllcan gains. On the other
hand news from Kansas Is that the Demo
crats find their prospects brightening
DUBLIN. Oct. 7.— The anniversary of
the death of Charles Btewart Parnell was
relebrated to-day by a small procession to
Glasnevln Cemetery. John E. Redmond
8«a/l Patrick J. O'Brien were present.
In Memory of Parnell.
While we earnestly desire an entirely different
solution, tad must acknowledge that we are
bitterly disappointed, we cannot resist the con
clusion that the success of the Republican
ticket, while undoubtedly a grave evil. 77III
b* the lesser of two evils, and that therefore
the election of William McKinley will be tva
nectfd with lees immediate danger than that
of William J. Brjan.
BRYAN AT HIS BIRTHPLACE.
SALEM; 111.. Oct. 7.-*\V. J. Bryan to
day rested In the city of his birth and
spent the Sabbath with relatives. He ar
rived here about noon and dined at the
residence of Mrs. Mollle Webster, his
cousin. - Thirty of his relatives gathered
at the residence and partook of the din
ner. In the afternoon, accompanied by
James C. Dahlman. the National Com
mitteeman of Nebraska, and some other
friends, he went to the farm and looked
over the scenes of his boyhood. To-night
he attended the Cumberland Presbyterian
Church and was accompanied by several
relatives. He will speak here to-morrow
morning, after which he will start on his
Illinois tour.
Hanna to Tour South. Dakota.
CHICAGO. Oct. 7.-Senator Hanna, ac
companied by Senator Frye of Maine will
campaign In South Dakota and Nebraska
next week. Thejy expect to leTve GWclgo
on Monday morning:, October 15. speaking
at Madiaon In the evening. They will b*
at Bloux Falls on Thursday, fhey wW
than so to Nebraska for two days, re
turning to Chicago. t»,..*v
SAN FRANCISCO, -MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, *900.
PRICE FIVE CE^sTS.
VOLUME LXXXVHI-XO. 130.
Continued on Second Page.
OSWALD OTTEXDORFER. EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR OF THE NEW
YORK STAATS ZEITUNG. WHO DECLARES HIS AKTAGONISM TO
BRVANISM "WITH HIS REASONS THEREFOR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLPapaete the Beautiful.
Thou who are fond of traveling (and who la
not) will hall with d«H*ht the news of a direct
ctesmehlp route to Tahiti. This charming land
has until now been accessible only by slow
sailing vessels, but on November 1st. the popu
lar steamship Australia will sail direct, mak
ing the trip In 10H days. A reduced round
trip rate has been made for the first trip. Call
at Hi Market street tat salllnc list ' >:•';;
And works oft the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
nlne Tablets cur* a cold In on* day. No cure,
•no pay. . Price » centt. ¦•, -• .
Stops the Cough
FAVORS ENLISTMENT OF
SAMOANS AS SOLDIERS
Commander Tilley Believes the Isl
anders Would Make Excellent
Artillerists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— Having found
the natives of Tutuila fit to serve as
policemen and able to maintain peace and
order. Commander Tilley believes they
would make excellent soldiers to man
the fortifications to be erected for the de
fense of the harbor of Pago Pago.
Commander Tilley has not, so far as can
be learned, recommended that a regiment
of Samoan? be organized, but Sn private
letters to officers on duty here he has in
dicated that they would make effective
artillerymen. Several months ago he
made an official recommendation that a
battery of tight and six inch guns be In
stalled at strategetlc points at Pago
Pago, and declares that with their aid
and the proper location of mine fields the
harbor will be rendered absolutely im
pregnable.
To enlist a rtgiment of natives it would
oe necessary to obtain special authority
from Congress. The natives who are now
acting as policemen were enlisted "by Com
jnauder Tilley as landsmen.
TROUBLE AMONG FISHERMEN.
Spanish Government Will Attempt
to Stamp It Out.
MADRID, Oct. 7.— The Spanish Govern
ment Is devoting serious consideration to
the rivalry among the fishermen along
thc Galician coast, which culminated yes
trrday In firing on the Spanish gunboat
Vaseo Nunez de Ralboa as she was leav
ing the port of Vigo. There Is apparently
no means of removing the bitter feeling
between those who use out-of-date fish
ing apparatus and those who employ the
latest contrivances.
A dispatch from Vigo says the com
mandant of the port, ¦who was attacked
yesterday, took refuge on a German war
ship, and a strong escort was needed to
protect him against the populace on go
ing ashore.
CORNERSTONE LAID FOR
CHURCH ON MOUNT ZION
Is on the Site Presented to Emperor
William by Abdul
Hamid.
JERUSALEM, Oct. 7.— To-day the Bish-
op of Jerusalem, In the name of the Pope
and In the presence of the German Con
sul and 500 German pilgrims, laid the cor
ner-stone of th« church which Is to be
erected on Mount Zion, on the site Abdul
Hamid presented to Emperor William on
the occasion of the latter's visit to the
Holy Land.
SHOT BY A WOMAN,
W. J. McCauley, an Actor, Meets a
Very Tragic Death.
IIUNTINGTON. \V. Va.. Oct. 7.— W. J.
McCauley of Philadelphia, an actor play
ing with A Woman in the Case Com
pany, was killed to-day by Pearl New
man. McCauley and three friends had
entered a restaurant and were talking to
Miss Dorsey Brown when Miss Newman
opened fire, killing McCauley instantly.
Miss Newman escaped to Ohio.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— The announce
ment that the Cooke Locomotive Works
In Paterson, N. J., had received an order
for fifty-eight engines to be built for the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company has
caused universal rejoicing among locomo
tive workers in Paterson, as Blnce the
closing of the Rogers works the outlook
for engine building has been rather dis
couraging.
As the locomotives are to be built in a
hurry, a night and day force will be or
ganized. Work is to begin at once, and
the men have been promised steady em
ployment for six months.
Already 200 men who were formerly in
the Rottrfc works have secured employ-
Kach cf the locomotives to be built will
weigh H») tons, and the cost is . estimated
at $10,X0 each. .
There are about 1000 men In Paterson
who were employed In the Rogers Loco
motive Works. Three weeks ago Mr.
Rogers announced that he would close the
works and uuit the business. ,The city
has since been making efforts to save the
industry.
FOREIGN MISSIONS BOARD.
Important Meeting of the Organiza
tion to Be Held.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 7.— Next Wc'dnesday
the American board of commissioners for
foreign missions will begin Its nineteenth
annual meeting at Pllgnm Congregational
Church in this city. The meeting will be
in session three days and President Capen
of Boston will preside.
This will be the most important of any
meeting ever held by the board since Its
organization in 1810, owing to the famine
In India and the crisis in China, where
many workers have been killed and much
property belonging to the missions under
their control destroyed. Matters relating
to the work of those and other fields will
come up for discussion and action and
officers for the ensuing year will be
elected.
I EVIDENTLY LEFT A
I WIDOW IN SAN FRANCISCO
Relatives of C. H. Henkel in Cincin
nati Receive a Telegram From
Woman Unknown to Them.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 7.— Word has been
received here of the death In San Fran
cisco of C. H. Henkel, a prominent busi
ness man of Cincinnati, who went to San
Francisco with a considerable sum of
money seven months ago. Since Mr. Hen
kel's death his relatives here were sur
prised upon receiving from San Francl«co
a telegram signed "Mrs. C. H. Henkel"
and requesting a member of the family
to come to San Francisco. Mr. Hankers
Bisters and relatives" here did not know
that he had been married. They have
sent representatives to San Francisco to
Investigate Mr. Henkel's affairs. ,
Cooke Works at Paterson, N. J.i Se
cures Contract and Will Em
ploy Men Night. and
Day.
NEW ENGINES F0R THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
LONDON, Oct. S. — It Is estimated, ac
cording to the Pietermarltzburg corre
spondent of tho Daily Mall that from 4000
to 6000 Boers have retreated from Pil
grim's Rest, northeast of Lydenburg,
with four I^ong Toms and twenty-two
other guns:. The correspondent under
stands that their Long Mom ammunition
is almost exhausted.
Lord Roberts, it Is announced, wi'.l leave
South Africa during the last week of Octo
ber. The authorities have decided to limit
the number of colonial troops whe are to
bo the Queen's guests in London to WO.
LYDENBL'RG. Tuesday. Oct.
eral Buller's force has. been pursuing the
Uocrs through Pilgrim's Rest and Krug
erspost. He Is now near Ohrigstadt and
is still marching northward. The Boeis
nowhere have made a stand.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 7.— The City of Lon
don Volunteers sailed for England to-day,
their departure being attended by a
scene of tremendous enthusiasm.
Sir Alfred Mllner, in the course of an
address, thanked them for their sf.rvice.3
to Iho emrire, and told them that a still
greater i> cognition awaited them at home.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— The Journal has
this from Cape Town: A proclamation of
peace in South Africa is expected to be
issued by Field Marshal Roberts on
Thursday next, that being the anniver
sary of the declaration of war.
DID NOT GO AGROUND.
Captain of Steamer Deutschland De-
nies Erroneous Report.
LONDON, Oct. 7.— The Hamburg-Ameri
can feteamer Deutschland, which left Ham
burg yesterday for New York and was
reported as having grounded In the Elbe,
sailed from Southampton this afternoon.
Captain Albers, in the course of a:i
interview at Southampton, denied that the
Deutschland went ushore. He explained
that her bow just grazed a shoal in the
Elbe, owing to the easterly wind and tho
receding water. The vessel, therefore,
was backed Into deep water where she
anchored for a couple of hours to await
the rising of the tide.
Collier Emir Raised.
SUEZ. Oct. 7. — The American steam col
lier Emir, which recently sank In the
Suez canal while on her way to Manila
with coal for the American fleet but was
successfully floated yeuterday, has arriv
ed at Suez roads. She is unable, however,
to enter the port, as she draws too much
water. Her cargo is being discharged and
divers will examine her bottom to ascer
tain the extent of her injuries.
BOER FORCES RETREAT
FROM PILGRIM'S REST
It Is Xow Announced That Lord
Roberts Will Leave South Africa
During the Last Part of
October.
SUDDENLY DISCOVERS
SHE IS AN HEIRESS
St. Paul Woman Finds Mining Prop
erty Deeded to Her Years Ago
Is Worth a Respectable
Fortune.
ST. PAUL, Oct. 7.— Through the publi
cation of a dispatch m to-day's Pioneer
Press Mrs. H. E. Butterfield of this city
has discovered that she is $300,000 wealth
ier than she imagined. In 1S90, while on
an excursion to the Pacific Coast, she
became acquainted with Thomas P. Har
kin of Boston, also a member of the
party. They became engaged and the
wedding date was fixed. Shortly after
ward Harkin took sick and died. Before
his death he executed for his affianced
a quitclaim deed to a mining property in
Honduras.
Communication with the Honduran
Government officials ltd to the belief that
the property was not worth the trouble
of filing formal transfer. L«6t, winter,
however, the property greatly increased
In value and the syndicate that had It in
charge offered Harkins' attorney $200,000
for a Quitclaim, deed from Miss Grllnn.
In some manner, however, all trace of
that young lady had been lost and not
even the names of her paretns could be
found.
Mrs. Butterfield on 'reading the dispatch
to-day at once took steps to Identify her
self and will shortly receive the snug sum
which comes to her in so romantic a man
ner. Her husband Is a clerk In the Great
Northern Railway freight office.
PAYS GLOWING TRIBUTE
TO JOSEPH CHAMBERLAIN
Lord High Commissioner of Dominion
of Canada Speaks of the Eng
lish Elections.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— L,ord Strathcona,
the Lord High Commissioner of the Do
minion of Canada, arrived on the Etruria
to-day. He equipped a mountain regi
ment and sent it at his own expense from
Canada to fight the Boers. The regiment
was commanded by Colonel Steele. The
Lord High Commissioner left for Montreal
to-night, and when asked what he thought
of the English elections said with a smile:
"It would not be proper In the Lord
High Commissioner of Canada to permit
himself to discuss English politics, but I
say there is a wave of Imperialism sweep
ing irreslntibly over Europe. As for Jo
seph Chamberlain, I have known him for
forty years back: have 'known him out
side of political life, and very Intimately
indeed, and a more upright.' honest man I
have never In my life met."
BOUNDARIES ABE FIXED.
Commissioners of Nicaragua and
I- «l, . Honduras Are Agreed.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua (via Galveston),
Oct. 7.— The special commissioners ap
pointed by the Governments of. Nicaragua
and Honduras to fix the boundary be
tween the two States, have concluded
their work amicably, the result being sat
isfactory to both • Governments.
President Zelaya, the Cabinet and tha
Congress are about to return to Managua
after a two weeks' visit to the city of.
Jola,
"BEYOND PARDON" THE LAST
MESSAGE OF A SUICIDE
Sad End of a Young Woman Who
Once Sued the Estate of a
Wealthy Man.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— The bo"dy of a
young woman who committed suicide Sat
urday night in the Grand Hotel in this
city lay on the marble slab at the City
Morgue to-day unclaimed. The letters
and papers found in her clothing, with
three letters written by her on the hotel
stationery before she drank the deadly
acid that caused her death, appear to
prove that she is Marilda Xelsen, thu
young Swedish girl who attained notori
ety in ISHC by suing the estate of Austin
Corliin for $50,000 on the basis of alleged
verbal promises made to her by Mr. Cor
bin. The defense, alleging blackmail, won
a verdict.
Among the papers found on the body of
the woman was a receipt ror $100 paid to
her attorney for conducting the case
against the Corbin estate, several letters
from lawyers and newspaper clippings
concerning the trial.
Lying on the desk where she had writ
ten her farewells was a sheet of paper on
which two words were scrawled — "beyond 1
pardon."
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Oct. 7.-Word has
been received here that D. D. Dare, the
man who wrecked the California National
Bank of San Diego. California, and the
Cheyenne National Bank, and for whom
United States officers have been searching
since his (light to Europe In 1S91. has been
seen in Alexandria. Egypt, where he is
president and principal stockholder of tho
street railway system. He has been living
In Alexandria, under an assumed name for
Several years; and, beside wearing a full
beard, he has otherwise disguised hlrn-
A German traveler who saw and talked
with Dare less than six mouths ago says
no one would recognize in the leading citi
zen of Alexandria the bank-wrecker and
fugitive from Justice.
The story of Dare's meteoric and check
ered career ¦would cast into the shade
some of the most noted works of net ion
of the day. Coming to Wyoming during
the boom days of tne cattle business, he
made money rupidly and soon became
stockholder and vice president of the
Cheyenne National Bank and president of
few months and now resides in Colorado
Springs. Colorado.
Depositors of the Cheyenne bank re
ceived 60 per cent, but It Is said that the
California institution paid only about ha'.f
of this amount.
DARE'S SAN DIEGO CAREER.
Tragic Death of the Partner Whom
He Deserted.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 7.— D. D. Dare was
president of the California National Bank,
which he, with John W. Collins and
others, established in 1SS8. In 1S91 Dare
left and did not return. He Is supposed,
to have taken the funds of the bank, leav
ing Collins to settle with creditors. Th«
bank noon went to the wall and Collins
was placed under arrest. He was under
guard of United States Maishal George
E. Gard at the Hotel Brewsner, and when
orders came to bring him to Los Angeles>
he stepped into a bath-room and shot
himself. •
Dare was seen a year ago In Athens,
Greece, where he dealt in rugs.
MRS. TRELLA TOLAND
WEDS AT NEW YORK
Widow of San Francisco Physician
Marries a Son of Bear Admiral
White.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. S.-The World prints
the following: Friends of George Em
raons White, son of Hear Admiral Edwin
White, U. S. N., retired, were greatly sur
prised at his sudden and unexpected mar
riage at Calvary Episcopal Church, Twen
ty-urst street and Fourth avenue, on
Th r e Bd b a r^de a Vas Mrs. Trella Evelyn To
land widow of Dr. Charles G. Toland of
San 'Francisco. Rev. Alexander Bost
wlck, Princeton, associate of Mr. White,
performed the ceremony. Mr. and Mrs.
White aie now In the Berkshire* spending
their noiieymoon. at the bridegroom's
countr/ Kite.
The trifle is as well known in the Amer
ican eolonle* of London and Paris as in
New York fc-he Is reputed to be wtalthy.
Her first husband wa3 killed by being
thrown from hia horse In the Presidio,
San Francisco, about three years ego.
CHINAMAN SHOOTS BOY.
Oriental's House.
H-: Had Been Throwing Rocks at the
SALT I-AKE.Oct.7;— About 3 o'clock this
morning three boys going from the city
to their homes in the suburbs began
throwing rocks at the house of Chin Poy,
a Chinese. Poy fired at the trio, killing
Charles Holmes. Poy is under arrest.
coal fields. If this ttronositlon and that
relating: to the abolition of the sliding
scale be brought before the convention
and negotiations with the mine owner?
opened it might considerably delay the
cettlement of the ctrike.
fcneriir Harvey had reached the limit of
his patience in regard to the marching
of larjre bodies of men and has deter
mined that the marchers must obey his
request to remain within the pale of the
law or take the consequences. To-night
at carload of the Sheriff's deputies, fully
armed. Mrs in the i.ehigh Valley Rail
road yards ready to start at a moment's
notice. A locomotive is near by with
pteam up and all telegraph o -.^ratorp o;i
the Lchiuh Valley cystem in this region
are on duty for the purpose of sending
messages to Sheriff Harvey and to the
chief of the coal and iron policemen.
It was learned that, owing to rumors of
contemplated marches" to-morrow morn
ing all the companies in this» region have
?xtra coal and iron policemen on duty to
right. All the Lehigh Valley Coal Com
pany collieries in this city are heavily
guarded. This company had squads of its
i>ol!ceinen brought here to-night from
TVilkesbarre, Mahar.oy City, Centraliaand
Lost Creek.
MAY DELAY A SETTLEMENT.
Per Cent Increase.
2>oubt as to What Is Meant by a Ten
BCRANTOX, Pa., Oct. 7.— Now that a
convention to consider the 10 per cent of
fer is assured, attention Is turned to what
the companies moan by a 10 per cent in
crease to the miner and his helper.
Th<? miner works by contract and pays
the laborers out of his earnings. As" a
rule the miner cuts six loads of coal, for
•which he gets $»j SO. Out of this he pays
for powder, oil and repair for tools arid
the wagep of his helper. The laborers'
pay is nxed at so much per day and in
this region it averages about $1 75. After
paying the expenses the miner has about
|2 30 left for himself. Ten per cent ad
vance gives the miner 63 cents extra per
day. The laborer wants his 10 per cent,
or IS cents, and as a consequence the
miner must be content with 45 cents or
7 per cent. But in many Instances a miner
has two laborers. Thl3 means that 36
cents must come out of his 63 cents and
the miner linds himself enjoying an ad
vance of only 5 per cent.
Just how tne operators want this offer
interpreted is not known here. The lo
cal operators say that the men who
framed the offer either did not have in
mind that the min«:r pays the laborer, or
else, having it in mind, figured the laborer
cut of consideration altogether, leaving
Jt for the miner and laborer to settle
among themselves which portion of the 10
per cent the laborer would receive The
laborers will not. it is thought, be con
tent with anything less than a full 10
per cent rai*e and it is this which It is
thought will cause a hitch when the con-
Ttuuon comes together.
Soon Pass Into History.
QUIET DAY AT SHAMOKIN.
"Union Men Fe*l That the Strike Will
SHAMOK1N. Pa.. Oct. 7.— This has been
the quietest day in this city Fince the
Etrike began, three weeks ago. Outside of
hundreds of miners attending services at
various churches the men kept close to
home, feeling that the stri. e would poon
be a matter of the past if President
Mitchf-n can* a convention, as he an
nounced at Mount Carmel last night he
would. However, the local strikers say
If they are ordered back they will not re
turn, no matter what the operators and
coal carriern may offer. An attempt wi!l
be made to-morrow to start up several
collieries in this section, but rtrike lead
ers say the men will not respond.
General Gobin Says They Will Be
TROOPS NO LONGEB NEEDEIX
Ordered Home at Once.
SHENANDOAH, -'a.. Oct. ".-General
Gobin said to-night that if the weather
conditions were favorable to-morrow Bat
tery C would break camp and leave ->r
home. The condition in this district, the
general says, is not »uieh as to require
th*» presence of troops, and he Intends to
order all the soldiers away as noon as
porsiblt-.
Edward C Coyle, the second victim of
th* riot of September 1. who died to-day,
will be burifd to-morrow. All the local
unions will attend the funeral.
Organiser Harris said to-day that he
¦would go to the Panther Creek Valley to
morrow to assist in organizing the mine
workers there.
Buying Cereal Shares.
LONDON, Oct. 8.-The Daily Express
makes the following announcement this
rooming: The British syndicate which re
cently tried to secure control of the Camp
Bird gold mines is now seeking to ac
quire control of the American Cereal
Company, and has authorized Mr. Barber,
president of the Diamond Match combine,
to deposit £700.000 with a Chicago bank to
bay Cereal shares at £S5 each.
VESSEL CUT IN TWO
BY BIG OCEAN LINER
Schooner A. A. Shaw Sunk Off Scot
land Ligb.tsh.ip, but the
Crew Is Saved.
NEW TORK. Oct. 7.— The big transat
lantic liners Campania. Pennsylvania.
Kthiopia and Ems. and half a dozen other
steamers which sailed from their docka
yesterday, were compelled by the heavy
fop to anchor in the lower bay last nipht.
They all passed out to-day, but there was
still much fog. mak!n(? it necessary for
them to proceed with caution.
The Old Dominion line steamship Hamil
ton bound fur Norfolk, ran into and aank
the Philadelphia schooner A. A. Shaw,
coal laden, bound for Providence, three
miles from 9cotland lightship, early this
morning. Captain Smith and seven men,
comprising the schooner's crew, were
saved and brought rjere on the Ham
ilton. The Hamilton was running at ten
knots speed at the time and struck the
Shaw In the dense fog, cutting her almost
in two.
ACCEPT THE CUT WAGES.
Employes of the Danville Hills Go
Back to Work.
DANVILLE. Va., Oct. 7.— The employes
of the Danville Rolling Mill held a meet
ing last night and decided to accent the
25 per cent cut In their wages, against
which they struck last week. The pud
dlers will now be paid $3 for their work,
instead of $4 formerly paid, and a pro
portionate cut in wages will be mada In
other departments. The reduction affects
several hundred men. The fires were
started to-day and work will be resumed
to-morrow.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
the National Bank of San Diego, which
was organized by Dare and J. M. Collins
in 18SS. Dare dabbled In stockB and reel
estate and squandered several fortunes
loaned him by wealthy relatives in Penn
sylvania. In 1887 he married Miss Emily
Croakelton, a beautiful woman of Crested
Butte, Colorado, and before going to Cali
fornia he lived in lavish style here. He
was prominent in society and church cir
cles and was regarded as one of the lead-
Ing men of the State. While it was known
that he lost money in real estate, no one
suspected that he was spending the fund.»
of the banks.
In 1S91, the California National Bank of
San Diego closed its doors, having faikd
for over $300,000, and a few days later the
Cheyenne bank followed suit, the liabili
ties of the local Institution amounting to
$250,000. When an Investigation was made,
It was found that Dare had not only un
loaded his real estate deals on the banks,
but. It is alleged, had appropriated money
belonging to the depositors. Just before
the crash came. Dare, accompanied by his
wife, who knew nothing of his business
deals, took passage on a steamer bound
for China.
Mrs. Dare returned to this country In a
Man Who Caused the Collapse of a San Diego Institution Nine
Years Ago Is a Railway Magnate of A ] exandria.
END OF STRIKE DRAWS NEAR
Continued From First Page.
BANK-WRECKER DARE A LEADING
CITIZEN OF AN EGYPTIAN CITY
"DOWN WITH ALL TRUSTS!" THEATRICALLY DECLARES BRYAN, FROM THE VERY JAWS OF THE MOST
DESPICABLE TRUST IN THE UNITED STATES.
—Philadelphia Inquirer.
MANILA, Oct. 7.— Four of cav
alry and two companies of infantry have
recently reinforced General Young In
Northern Luzon, where the insurgents are
concentrating in the mountains of North
and South Ilocos provinces under the
leadership of Agllpay, the ex-communJ
cated priest and renegade.
General Tino and General Villanuave,
who had been quiet for some time, are
now showing signs of becoming active
as the end of the rainy season ap
proaches.
Of late there has been considerable
scouting and skirmishing in the provinces
of Abra and North Ilocos, though without
decisive results. It Is obvious here that
the maneuvers of the Filipinos are more,
skillful than formerly ana that the field
tactics of ihe Americans are being fol
lowed by them.
Benor Mat«nl, the founder of the so
callel i-tt-jilno Government, who was cap
tured by the Americans last December
and lodged in Jail in Manila, has been lib
erated. As he had always persistently
refused to take the oath of allegiance to
the L'nited States Government he had
maintained his reputation among the
Filipinos as a resolute patriot. They now
believe that he has reached a private un»
demanding with the American authori
ties which has secured his release and
consequently he has lost some'" of " his
popularity, although he is still considered
the leader of the dormant revolutionary
cement.
This work the commission will begin the
wferk of rev : slrg the tariff, making use of
ihe results of the investigations of the
army board in tb.s direction. It is the
intention of the commission to give
American trade a better chance than it
has heretofore enjoyed, owing to the
high dut:ep.
The transports Sumner and Venus have
sailed for the Island of Marlnduquc, off
the west coast of Luzon, carrying tv.-o
battalions. The former has already ar
rived there. The transport Logan will
reinforce the Twenty-ninth United States
Infantry, now in Marlnduque.
NATIVES USE AMERICAN GUNS.
gents by Filibusters.
Arms Smuggled In to Luzon Insur-
NETV YORK. Oct. 7.— The Sun has the
following from Manila. October 7: South
ern Luzon continues to be a center of
trouble for Americans, and the rebels are
constantly attacking the garrisons. In
Northern Luzon army patrols are care
fully watching for filibusters who sunnly
the Insurgents with arms and ammuni
tion. Nevertheless a small number of
rifles have recently been smuggled in for
Apulnaldo's followers. Some of the guns
which have been seized are of American
make of 1S39.
Field Tactics, Following the
Examples of the Amer-
Rebels Becoming Quite Skillful in
Insurgents Grow More Ac
tive in North and South
Ilocos.
SOLDIERS SENT
TO REINFORCE
GENERAL YOUNG
Epoclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 7.—
More than 5200,000,0-K) will be asked for the
Bupport of the army and navy for the
fiscal jear ending June 3D, 1902.
In accordance with Instructions given
them by the Sorrotary or War ami the
Secretary of tha Navy, the chiefs of lhe
bureaus of the War and Navy depart
ments have submitted their annual esti
mates. Secretary Long lor several daya
past bae been carefully considering the
estimates of several bureaus of his de
partment, cutting them wherever it is fea-
Mble to do so. and Secretary Root is
sharpening his pruning knife so that It
•will be In condition Jor u^e on the War
Department estimates when he returns
to hl» desk on Wednesday. It is signifi
cant that the chiefs cf bureaus of the
War Department are estimating for the
«xpen*es of their respective departments
on the basis of an army of liW.OiW men. It
Is safe to say that if McKinley Is re
elected Secretary Root will incorporate in
his annual report a recommendation that
the reg-uiar army conf 1st of this number.
Officials recognize that the situation in
the Philippines will necessitate the reten
tion of a strong force in those islands for
tome years. Under the law for the re
organization of the army, all voltiritwrs
and regulars In excess of about ZOJOOQ men
must be discharged before July 1 next,
end Quartermaster General Ludir.gton Is
making arrangements for the transporta
tion of volunteers, beginning next month.
If Bryan Is elected it Is proposed to
close up the recruiting offices Immediately
after November 6. and sufficient men will
be discharged by favor and because of the
expiration of terms of service to reduce
the army to the limit Congress decreed.
The chiefs of the War Department bu
reaus, however, are proceeding on the
theory that lOO.OOO men will constitute the
regular army, and their estimates in many
cases er* even larger than they were for
the present fiscal year. It will be neces-
Fary to recruit regiment!! to take the place
of the volunteers in case more troops are
authorized, and when they are ready for
active service they must be transported to
Manila- Po Quartermaster General •Lud
lngton In his estimates has asked for con
siderable more money than he needed for
the present fiscal year.
Assume as a Basis for Their Calcula
tions That the Army Will
Comprise 100,000
Men.
Estimates for the Coming
Year Made by Bureau
Chiefs.
VAST SUM IS
ASKED FOR THE
ARMY AND NAVY
BIWABIK, Minn.. Oct. 7.-The tornado
that raged in this vicinity last evening
was most violent. The storm out a path
way 150 feet In width through the north
western corner of the town, completely
wrecking several buildings. The property
loss Is estimated at $100,0*JO and the known
fatalities number nine, with a score or
more injured, some severely.
The storm swept In a northwesterly di
rection after leaving here and struck a
little Finnish settlement near Pike Lake,
where a number of buildings were
wrecked, In one of which an entire family
consisting of husband, wife and four chil
dren were instantly killed. So far their
names have not been obtained. It is be
lieved when the more remote districts are
heard from further casualties may be re
ported. LJst of casualties so far its
le MR? AND MRS. MAROWITZ.
>,lLLIAM HILSTROM.
Family of six, near Pike Lake, names
not known.
Severely injured: Andrew Anderson, a
locomotive fireman, severely scalded; will
recover. F. Murray, engineer, severely
scalded; will recover. Andrew Debbo,
laborer, severe scalp wounds; will recov
er. John Morriston, foot badly crushed.
Aoout twenty-rive others were more or
less severely cut and bruised.
The house in which the Marowltz fam
ily lived was completely wrecked and tne
body of Mrs. Marowltz was found 400 feet
awav, every bone in her body being
broken and her clothing completely
stripped oft. The body of her husband was
founu amid the debris of their home hor
ribly mutilated. '• .
William Hilstrom was struck on the
head by a falling tree and his skull
crushed. He afterward died at the hos-
The engine house of the Duluth. Mis
sissippi and Northern Railway wa3 com
pletely wrecked and a number of locomo
tives and cars were shifted from the
tracks und pounded Into scrap iron.
'lhe c-ngine on which Murray and An
descn were when the storm broke was
blown from the track and the men were
pinned beneath it and horribly burned by
the escaping steam. Several cars blown
from the Duluth. Mississippi and North
ern tracks were found in tne Duluth mine
pit. hundreds of feet away. Many of. the
buildings destroyed were owned by the
mining company and tenanted by their
employes. The shafthouse and buildings
of three mines were reduced to kindling
The tornado, which lasted less than five
minutes, was preceded by an unusually
severe thunder and rain storm. The rain
has flooded many oi the open pit mines
and they cannot be operated for some
time.
Train Overturned by the Wind, the
Engineer and Fireman Be
ing Scalded by
¦ » Steam.
Nine Persons Lose Their
Lives in Minnesota
Storm.
AWFUL HAVOC
WROUGHT BY
THE TORNADO
WASHINGTON*. Oct. 7.— Captain Frank
West of the Sixth Cavalry, acting super
intendent of the Sequoia and Genera'.
Grant national parks, in California, has
submitted his annual report to the Sec
retary of the Interior. The first of these
parks Is the larger, containing, it is esti
mated, from 160) to 3000 of the mammoth
sequoia trees for which California la
noted. Captain West says for the benefit
of the public, as the best route for reach
ing the piant forest is not generally
known, that the proper point at which to
leave the railway is Visalla. Tulare Coun
ty Thence there Is a good road through
the parklike country to the Kewaeh Riv
er leading thence through the Ash Moun
tains into the park. The- park itself Is on
a high tableland from 6300 to io00 feet in
altitude, and commands a view of some
of the most magnificent mountain scenery
in the Sierras. He recommends In some
detail the extension of the park bounda
ries to take In a portion of this mountain
tract, eastward to Mount Whitney and
the main Sierra, divide and northward to
take in the King River Canyon. This sec
tion. Captain West Bays, exceeds in
beauty and grandeur anything to be found
In Switzerland and Is a part of the public
domain unfitted for agriculture, but of
Importance as a game preserve and to
conserve the water supply on which the
Immense cl«rus fruit Interests of Tulare
County depend.
The General Grant Park Is only two
miles square and Is in very bad condition,
owing to fallen timber and rubbish, which
should be cleared away Immediately. It
contains over 21i> large sequoias. Includ
ing the famous General Grant tree, and a
little work would make it a marvelously
beautiful spot.
One serious danger which threatens the
sequoia park is the presence of sawmills
6n private lands included within the
boundaries of the park. It Is said there
are 5440 acres so held. The mills are
ruining the giant trees in their neighbor
hood, using them In the most criminally
wasteful manner, taking only the clear
timber and lf-aving the immense tops to
rot on the ground and be a menace by
fire to all the remainder of the park.
Captain West recommends that these
lands be appraised speedily and pur
chased by the Government.
There "has been little trespassing by
sheep and cattle in the park this season,
but poachins and the indiscriminate
slaughter of game as soon as the soldiers
leave for the season threaten to exter
minate the larger animals. Captain West
recommends an aggregate appropriation
of $21,000 for earning forward the various
lines of work next year.
Declares That Game Is in Danger of
Extermination by Hunters
After the Troops
- Leave.
Captain West, Sixth Cav
alry, Makes Important
Suggestions.
REPORTS UPON
CONDITION OF
YOSEMITE PARKS
WHERE BRYAN STANDS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, ltfuu,
self.
2
Our Furniture Department Has Only
One Rival— Our Carpet Department.
Indianapolis Furniture Co.
750 'Mission Street, San Francisco.
Jl ERE'S another one of our popular small af-
fairs. A handsome Roman Stool- — in Flem-
ish oak. in eolden oak, cr in imitation ma- (
hogany. Upholstered in velour or in tapes-
try. The designer ha3 combined to make this
both pretty and substantial. We sell it for
/ '¦:-: £t> A /^k/"\ It's a rejTular
Jh I 1 II I value with us —
VI tUV one of the num-
berless e o o d
ones we show.
The Present Seems to
Be an Era of Good
Things at Small
Prices
3 __
1'Scores.
The State shoot of the First Infantry,
N. G. CV was concluded yesterday at the
Fhell Mound ranges and a large number
of marksmen tried their skill at the tar
gets with more or less success. Though
the regular shoot took place on the last
two Sundays, yesterday was designated
by Colonel O'Neill as the day for guards
men who had previously failed to report
for rifle practice. The scores were for
the most part under the average, showing
the lack oX practice among the members
and the necessity for frequent target
shooting. The rifle was used at the 200,
2f<d and 500 yard targets and pistol at the
50-yard target. Following are the scores:
Staff-Major T. C. Rethem. 50- yards, 27.
Band— E. Kaier, 13: W. H. Towasend. 200 yards.
l*i; 300 ytCrds, 15; SAO yards, 16. Company K— K.
EwIk. lg. 13. 11. Company H— J. L. Swift, 13.
1". 4; Second IJeutenant Guedet, 15, 20 14-
Charles Weckerle, 16, 8J 4. Company K—Cor
pora! Devany. 3. 3, 0; \T. E. Kemp. 13. "14. 16;
I'.. Ferazzo. 3, 3. 0; Corporal Kelly. 15. 16, 2.
Company L— Sergeant T. A. Marlow. 17, 11, 7;
<>,rporal E. H. Sencstack. 12. 13, 15; F II.
Wehr. 19. 14. 9; C "VVehr Jr., 11, 9, i; E. Fen
ton, 16. 18. 5.
Naval Militia. Engineers' Division, 200 yards—
W. E. Jones. 14, 12; M. Balbklrk, 14. 11; C.
Mehlop. 14. g; F. Norton, IS, IS; R. Hass. 3 13;
B. Thompson. 10. 10; G. Osborn. 13. 12; William
Hulibard. s. 10; A. G. Lucas. 10. 12; C. Baach,
«. 12; \V. Spear. 15, 7; L. Biillnps. 10, 5; \V.
Bullen. 10, 14; Ensign \V. Speck, 9. 9; T. Jtey
noMn. 10. U; F. Kuhl. 13, 13:' A. Jones. 1*. 4.
company l>. First California Regiment,
monthly shoot,- rifle, 200 yards— J. O. Staples,
32. J. r. I>ever, 8; J. M. Davis. 12; L. II.
Anthes, 20; 3V. Dill. 12; L. M. Isaacs. 20: W.
J. Koussel. 24; J. H. Bender, 39; Captain C. T.
White. 4..; B. J. OXell, 33; J. Hufthes, Lieu
tenant Stephens. 37; M. Melville. 20. Official
scorer, J. F. Dever.
Company A. Fifth Infantrj'. rifle. 200 yards-
Captain Hunt. 39; Serseant Tait. 39; Sergeant
Poulter. -.; Private Gray. 3S; Private . Beck
with. 40; Private Smith." 36; Private Qrton. 36;
Private Francis, 39; Private Lancaster, 33;
Corporal Poulter. 34; Corporal York. 31: Pri
vate Morton, 2S; Private Hampton. 39; Private
Jumper. 22; Private A. K. Theltn. 36; Private
A. R. Thelin. 36; Corporal de I'oy. 31; Musician
Warhara. 33; Corporal Willard. 33.
Monthly medal shoot. Independent Rifles, 200
yards— E. Helmke, 2«; Corporal P. Shonlg. 42;
Sergeant. O. Mitchell. 36; H. Mitchell, v; J.
Donovan, 13; H. Felix. 19; R. Bither, 14; Cor
pcral II. FrwJrfckson. 15; H. Gaetjen Jr.. 23;
C Ivenwn. 25; H. Gaetjen. 33; A. Wolfram.
£t/, H - £ uhIk £- 25: a °' ranz - «: F - Wild. 21.
T n for Deutucber Kj-ieger Vereln Score.. ..!!
Deutscher Krieger Vereln-First champion
class. Charles Werreman. 2S1; second cham
pion claes. G. Hetzel, 3« : first clan. J.- Benrter.
3 1 2: 8e SH? d «'«". X. Rllberzahn, 311: third
clafw, Charles Meyer. 29S; fourth class. John
Lankere. 243; best first shot. O. Hetzel. 24; best
last ehot, J. Lackers. 24; most center*, Jew
Kceberle. BulIeeye-jFlm prixe, G. Hetzel ;
second. J. Bender; third, Charlei \Ye«eman;
X. Ellberzaim.
National Guardsmen Try Their Skill
With Rifle and Make Fair
FIRST REGIMENT HOLDS
ANNUAL STATE SHOOT
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. ' 1900, by the Herald Pub
• lishinr; Company. ,. ., . ¦ V
LONDON. Oct. 8.— Keen rivalry .existing
between English and American horsemen
has resulted In a match race between an
English horse with Mornlngton Cannon to
ride and ; Royal Flush, to be ridden by
Lester Relff. It Is for $2500 a side and &
gold cup worth $2500, to De donated by the
Hurst Turf . Club. ¦:•;¦ The race ' will occur
October 27 and the. distance will be six
furlongs flat. . . ~. . . .
Rivalry Between Horsemen Leads to
.- • . a Match Race.
ENGLAND AGAINST /AMERICA.
BERLIN, Oct. 7.— Influenced by the lat
est diplomatic events in China and by
the remarkable ease of the money mar
ket, the Boerse last week had the best ex
perience it has had for months. The fact
i that the fo^eicn powers regard the China
situation as more favorable had a great
weight with operators. The fall of Vi
per cent in private discount on Monday
and Tuesday acted favorably on the mar
ket and this Influence was maintained un
til Friday, when the rate rose %.
The Boerpe presented a completely
changed aspect from that of previous
months. All classes of securities showed
improvement until Friday, when the rise
was checked. This was followed by rather
heavy falls yesterday, but the week's
trading shows a moderate rise.
The so-called "New York Treasuries"
gained 25 cents, the demand continuing
"above the supply, and Chinese loans
gained from 2 to 4 points.
Coal and Iron shares rose steadily until
Friday.- notwithstanding the gloomier re
ports from the iron centers. The weak
ness of the iron situation is apparently
growlng. some reductions in wages and
discharges of operatives having been re
ported. Manufacturers of structural iron
in Germany are trying to find relief for
the dullness of the home market by un
derbidding Belgian manufacturers.
The ccal situation remains strong, but
the opinion prevails that the scarcity will
soon be over." The syndicate has decided
to raise prices In the cas» of a few grades
after April. German cokers are offering
coke at Liege cheaper than the Belgians.
It is understood that discounts at the
Reichsbank during the present week will
be heavy. The New York Exchange range
hns risen near the gold point and fear Is
expressed that German gold will go to
Npw York.
The organ of Dr. von Mlquel. Prussian
Minister of Finance, the PoUtlsche Nach
rlrhten, announces that no Prussian loan
will: be made dur<ng the fiscal year and
probably none will be made for several
years to come.
Fact That the Chinese Situation Is
Considered Improved Has Fav
orable Tendency.
BERLIN MONEY MARKET
PASSES AN EASY WEEK
Valuable Property Secured by an
. English Syndicate.
BAKER CITY, Or.. Oct. 7.— A dispatch
from London to-day states that the Red
Boy mine near this city has been sold -to
an English syndicate. It is said the pur
chase price is in excess of $2,000,000.
Ortiz Convicted.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 7.— The Jury- In
the case of Santiago Ortiz, on trial at
Yuma for the killing of W. S. Moffat, an
old man, near Harrisburg, two months
ago, returned a verdict yesterday of mur
der in the first degree. The murder was
most '¦ atrocious. Ortiz found Moffat
asleep and beat his head to a Jelly with
a steel drill and then robbed the dead
man of what coin he had.
RED BOY MINE SOLD.
Reception to Three Young Men at
Redwood City.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 7.— A reception
was given here last night by the ladles
of the Red Cross Society to James Cronk,
George Christ and Henry i^eahy. three
young men of this place, who have spent
the past three years ?n the navy of Uncle
Sam.
The receDtion was tendered In the Al
hambra Theater. An interesting pro
gramme was rendered, after which danc
ing was enjoyed until a late hour, i
SAILORS WELCOMED HOME.
WAITERS WIN STRIKE.
Demands of the Craft at West Point
Acceded To.
WEST POINT, N. Y., Oct. 7.—Twenty
two waiters in the cadet mess stopped
work just before the dinner hour last
night and demanded a rai3e of $5 per
month in their salaries. Major 'Hall,
treasurer of the commissary department,
acceded. Strikes are pending In two other
departments. The grievances are based
upon the recent increase In the'number of
cadets, which naturally makes addi
tional work for the civilian employes. The
old scale for the mess hall waiters was
f20 per month 'with rations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 7.— Articles of
Incorporation of the Delta Powder Com
pany were filed late yesterday afternoon
in the Clerk's office. The company Is or
ganized for the purpose of. manufactur
ing powder and high explosives, to buy
and sell real estate, maintain machinery,
etc.. and is to exist for a period oi.-fti.iy
years. It is organized with a capital
etock of $100,000, which is divided into 1003
shares, having a par value of $103. Five
hundred dollars has been subscribed by
the following shareholders, who are also
directors of the company: P. P. Cham
berlain, George H. Rice. F. K. Towne,
George C. Ross. F. H. Thorpe. The prin
cipal place of business is to be at Red
wood City.
Will Engage in the Manufacture of
High Explosives iii San Mateo
County.
NEW POWDER COMPANY
IS INCORPORATED
Special Dispatch to The Call. j
OLYMPIA. Wash.. Oct. 7.— David P. j
Lister is lying at his home suffering from
severe burns received from molten iron,
and that he is alive to tell of hla ex
perience Is a source of wonder. Lister
Is foreman of the molding room of the
Pioneer Iron Works. Yesterday after
noon a "heat" was run off, when hot
metal is poured Into molds of sand.
A ladle containing 400 pounds of molten
metal had Just been drawn off from the
furnace, and preparation were being
made to pour it into the mold. At thl-«
juncture an employe threw into the hot
metal a piece of cold cast iron. In an
instant hot metal was flying in all direc
tions.
Lister was standing near and received
the full force of the flying metal. The
effect of hot Iron under these circum
stances is much like duckshot from a
gun. It perforates everything it strikes.
Lister was struck In the back and slde3.
Much hot metal ran down inside his
clothing to his shoes. His back was
riddl<*l, as was also his sides and legs,
and had not his shirt and other clothing
been torn from him he must have been,
burned alive.
Buckets of water were thrown upon tho
suffering man and temporarily relieve 1 !
him. That he was not burned to death
seems strange, as the hot flying iron
literally covered him.
SALT LAKE. Oct. 7.- A dispatch to the
Tribune from Rock Springs, Wyo., says
Arthur Mumaugh, whose mother lives at
Springfield, 111., died at the State Hos
pital here to-night from a shock following
the" amputation of one leg and part of the
other foot. He fell from a boxcar, the
wheels crushing his limbs.
Operation Proves Fatal.
PORTLAND, Oct. 7.— Within the next
sixty days six carloads of flour aggre
gating nearly a quarter of a" million bar
rels will be shipped. from this port to the
Orient. It was feared that the Chinese
troubles would interfere with the trade,
but traffic between Portland. and the Ori
ent is now larger than it has ever been.
Flour for th« - Orient.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 7— This evening a
man named Nicholas Alberlg. while pass-
Ing through an orchard a few hundred
yards north of the County Hospital, came
on. the body of a man who had been
dead for several days. The body had
been Dartly eaten by hogs.
Coroner . McMullen found nothing by
which the remains could be identified, but
thinks ;the deceased was a hospital pa
tient, who had wandered away and died.
dered From Sacramento Hospital.
Probably Remains of Man Who Wan-
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Oct. 7.— The Mc-
Kinley Republican Club of Mountain View
opened the campaign last evening with a
large and enthusiastic gathering of citi
zens. D. E. McKInlay, Dr. Knowles, can
didate for Supervisor, and J. S. Torrence,
for Assembly, were the speakers. They
were well received. McKinlay'a speech
was considered by Democrats and Repub
licans aa a masterful effort, and much
praise Is accorded that able speaker. The
Republicans will undoubtedly carry the
district. W. A. Clark presided and old-
Hne Republicans acted as vice presidents.
BODY FOUND IN AN ORCHARD.
Special Dispatch to The Call
McKinley Republican Club Opens tho
Campaign.
MEETING AT MOUNTAIN VIEW.
Robert Koch, Berlin bacteriologist, who
has been conducting (scientific Investiga
tions in German colonies for a year past,
has arrived at Hongkong on his way
home. He announced to physicians thero
that he had discovered a means of pre
venting the spread of malaria in mala
rial districts and even of stamping it out.
His experiments were conducted In New
Guinea, where a large number of natives
die yearly of malaria. Dr. Koch's treat
ment consists • of giving the patients a
medicine he has discovered, the chief in
gredient of which is quinine. This Is for
both curative and .preventive purposes.
He also found It necessary to expel mala
rial parasites, chief among which were
mosquitoes. Last spring, when condi
tions were most unfavorable, he succeed
ed in .reducing the number of malarial
cases at Stephansort to a minimum. He
left physicians there who will carry on
the work.
Discovery Made by Dr. Koch, Who
Has Bsenj Experimenting in the
German Colonies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' TACOMA. Wash., Oct. 7.— Professor
CAN NOW PREVENT THE
SPREAD OF MALARIA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 7.— Thieves have
been cleaning out the sluice boxes in the
Klondike districts, the heaviest sufferers
being the claim-owners on Dominion
Creek. Claims 9 and 10, above Lower Dis
covery, on Dominion Creek, owned, re
spectively, by Inspector Starns and
Messrs. Clark & Hoist, had been working
large gangs on a summer sluicing propo
sition, and very good results had been ob
tained. These facts coming to the knowl
edge of the thieves they waited for a
chance to possess themselves of a portion
of the cold which was being taken out,
and one Saturday evening last month the
chance came.
This Saturday was a busy day and when
the gang knocked off work irv the evening
the sluices had not been cleaned up. An
ticipating that nothing of what later oc
curred they were left undisturbed, it be
ing the intention to make a clean-up on
Sunday morning. When Sunday morning
came, however, the owners found greatly
to their chagrin that their work was done,
for there lay the sluice boxes empty and
clean. It is estimated that the thieves
got about $1500 from these boxes. Their
other hauls were smaller ones.
Accident in a Foundry at Olympia
Caused by the Carelessness
of One of the
"Workmen.
TERRIBLY BURNED
BY MOLTEN METAL
NOVELTIES FOR THE
SANTA CLARA FAIR
Besides the Usual Baces and Agricul
tural Exhibits, Many Entertain
ing 1 Features Are on
the Programme.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 7.— The greatest fair
ever held in Santa Clara County will
open to-morrow. All is stir and bustle
at the park to-day, and large forces of
men are busy placing exhibits and arrang
ing the numerous shows of the midway.
Besides being an "old-time" county fair,
with agricultural and horticultural exhib
its and horse racing, there is a midway
and street fair connected with It. There
will also be a poultry, Belgian hare and
stock exhibit.
The buildings and grounds at Agricultu
ral Park have been iixed up, and Secre
tary ..via in has arranged things in such a
manner as to make the fair attractive. In
the big pavilion all the resources of Santa
Clara County will be shown. Agricul
tural, horticultural and vlticultural prod
ucts, with preserved fruits, wines, oils,
etc., occupy a large amount o'f space.
Many tirms will also make exhibits.
. On both sides' of the avenue leading
from the entrance to-the track are about
twenty-five sideshows. /These Include a
'4S mining camp, German village, Adgie
and her lions, a miniature railway, Bosco,
the snake-eater: Lista, the fire dancer;
Little Egypt and numerous other attrac
tions. Balloon ascensions, vaudeville per
formances and high-wire walking are
billed as free performances.
Wednesday there is to be a modernized
bull-fight. A sack containing a sum of
money is to be tied to the bull's horn»,
and local "toreadors" will anempt to se
cure it without injuring the animal.
Over 300 entries ha\e been made In the
poultry exhibit and a goodly number of
Belgian hares are also entered. Many fine
herds of stock and dairy cattle are In the
stock exhibit.
An exceptionally fine race programme
ha? been arranged for the six days of the
fair, some $10,000 being offered In purses.
Many of the fastest horses on the circuit
are entered.
Gang Mak;s Bich Hauls by Cleaning
Out a Number of Sluice
\ Boxes During the
Night.
THIEVES AT WORK
IN THE KLONDIKE
1
April 7 and It was thrown open to the
public August 21. To Supervisor Joseph
Debenedetti is due the ere'Iit of having se
cured for the city the splendid structure
¦which is not only an ornament but fills
a long felt necessity. All the help prac- I
tically employed on the bridge was en
gaged here. This meant that there was a I
disbursement of several thousand dollars
among the people of this vicinity.
HAL.FMOON BAY.. Oct. 7.— The
new concrete bridge recently
construction over Pilarcltos Creek
has been officially examined for
acceptance by the. Board of Su
pervisors.
The structure cost about $10,000. and !t
is the intention of the Supervisors to
cause heavy rock to be placed along the
sides of the earth fills so as to protect
the banks and prevent them from being
washed away. This extra work will cost
approximately $1000.
The dimensions of the bridge a.re:
Length, 124 feet; width, including a 20-foot
roadway and a 4-foot sidewalk, 2G feet,
height above ground level, 22 feet: arch
span. CO feet.
Work on the structure was commenced
COTCRWrE BRIDGE WHICH HAS JUST BEEN COMPLETED OVER PILARCITOS CREEK. PROPERTY OWN
ERS AND RESIDENTS OF THE VICINITY HAVE LONG DESIRED THIS IMPROVEMENT AND ARE NAT
URALLY REJOICING NOW THAT IT HAS BLEN ACCOMPLISHED.
Arctic Explorer Will Probably Re
main in the North:
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Oct. 7.-The failure
of the Peary exploring steamer Windward
to ceturn from the north leads the local
observers to believe that the explorer will
not attempt to get back this autumn.
Probably the season just passed was an
open one In the far north. Should that
have been the case IJeutenant Peary is
likely to have taken the "Windward into
some high latitude, hoping to use her in
a further ¦^expedition next season. This
would mean that he has made no special
record during the present year.
Bodies Found in a Well.
WINNIPEG. Man., Oct. 7.— The badly
decomposed bodies of Charles Duwes and
Jacob Smith, well-to-uo farmers, were
found buried In an old well to-day. They
had been missed since last July. Just alter
having sold their farms to a man named
Goveton. Goveton, it Is said, has not been
seen since Sunday.
WHEREABOUTS OF PEABY.
Navigation.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— The British
steamer Knight Templar, Captain Finis,
which arrived to-night from North
Shields, reports that on October 1 she
sighted the abandoned British ship Xon
parell of London, which left New York
on September 10 for Java, and was aban
doned on September 22.
Captain Finis sent a boat to the Non
pareil arid it was thought possible that
she could be towed into port. There was
only fourteen inches of water in the hold.
A volunteer crew was called for and after
putting them aboard a hawser was passed
to the vessel. She was towed from 7
p. m. until midnight, when the weather
became very squally, with heavy rain.
Ai 2 a. m., October 2 the hawser parted.
The Knight Templar stood by until day
light, when It was decided to take off the
volunteer crew and scuttle the vessel. She
was set afire and it was thought she
would eventually sink, as the water was
washing around the hatches. The Non
pareil was fired directly In the track of
vessels bound to and from Europe and
about 1U00 miles from New York. She
was a new ship «.nd was laden with case
oil. Her owners were the Standard Oil
Company. The crew of the Nonpareil
was taken off t»y the steamer Glencoyl,
which arrived here September 20 from
Beyrouth.
Crew of the Knight Templar Seek to
Dispose of a Menace to
ABANPONED SHIP IS SET
ON FIRE IN MXDOCF.AN
GALVESTON, Tex., Oct. 7.— Miss Clara
Barton, president of the National Red
Cross Society, to-day issued a statement
to the manufacturers and business men
of the country, in which she appeals to
them for aid in the way of material to
be used in tho building of homes for those
who lost tueir all in trie recent storm.
It is addressed: "To the manufacturers
and dealers in lumber, hardware, buiiu
eis' materials and household goods, and
to the business men in general of the
United States," and says:
"We believe it is reiiably stated that
there is not one house in the area of the
storm undamaged bv it.
"The number of homeless Is estimated
at 80WI or more. Winter is less than two
months away. Although a mild climate,
still snow and ice are known here. If
tents would protect, which they will not.
the sand would not hold them down.
"Some substantial shelter must be had
fcr these people.
"The havo£ wrought by the storm* in
Galveston at once was much larger in
loss of life and property than at Johns
town, but the donations in monev so far
have aggregated one-third less for both
the city and mainland that was given at
Johnstown.
"While the bourftiful outpouring of the
peoples generosity has enabled the gen
eral relief committee and the Red Cross
to feed the hungry, clothe the naked and
render the streets of Galveston partially
passable, nothing has as -yet been done
toward reinstating the impoverished sur
vivors in houses where they can escape
disease.
Asks for Material to Rebuild Homes
for Sufferers in Need of
Shelter.
CLARA BABT0N APPEALS
FOR ADDITIONAL AID
The Impression Is growing that the im
perial Government is making an effort to
disperse and punish the Boxers. The Im
perial troops who were seen, Monday hear
Paitachu are believed to have been con
cerned in rhis movement. The acting
Viceroy at Tientsin was notified that
orders had been issued to disperse the
Boxers, but said he feared to send ouL
troops because of the presence of the
allied forces. An extended Japanese re
connoissance south of Peking uncovered
the enemy. «
Minister at "Washington, and by the latter
communicated to the Department of
State. It Is report*.! that Tung Fu
Hs!ang has fled to the province of Shansl,
fearing punishment.
Prince Tuan. Prince Chung. Prince Tsal
Lier., Prince Tsai Yinjr, Duke San Kans.
Ying Nien, president of the censorate, ana
<*hao Shu Chiao, president of the board of
punishment, are all deprived of their
titles, removed from office and turnt-J
over to various trial boards for further
penalties. Prince Tuan. by the terms o£
the decree, is to be tried by the board of
clans. Copies of the decree have been re
ceived here and are accepted as genuine.
The foregoing corroborate the official
advices received last week from Directo-
General Sheriff by Mr. Wu, the Chinese
PEKING. Oct. 3. \ia Shanghai. Oct. 7.—
By an imperial decree ispued at Slngan-fo,
dated September 2-">. Emperor Kwang Su
denounces the Boxer movement and
designates for punishment nine ringlead
ers. He acknowlf dpr« his own fault and
rebukes himself; but he places the chief
blame upon the prino*-s and nobles who
participated In tne movement and pro
tracted it.
for Degradation.
Imperial Edict Singles Out Nine Hen
FTJNISHMENT OF RINGLEADERS.
and Refuse to Accompany Him.
TIENTSIN*. Oct. 7.— Li Hung Chang,
whose visit to Ptkins had apparently
been postponed indefinitely, left this
morning for Peking. The flve Belgian en
gineers and fifteen missionaries who had
been kept prisoners for many weeks at
Paoting-Fu bu\ were recently released
under orders from L4 Hung Chang, who
directed that thpy have safe escort to Pe
king.' refuse to start, fearing treachery on
the part of the Chinese escort.
Belgian Engineers Fear Treachery
Such efforts as have been made by the
State Department urpir.g- the return of
the imperial family to the capital city
pr«.m up to this time to have been Inef
fectual. The last of the advices of Min
ister Wu. row about a week old. indicated
their Intention of going to Singanfu, in
the province of Ehensl, v.hich is further
to the west than they now are. Tne fact
that the acting Governor of the province
was directed to "refrain from all extrava
gant preparations" in making arrange
ments for the imperial family is. to Mr.
Wu's mind, an indication that their so
journ at Singanfu is to be but temporary.
F.ATtI, TJ. STAHTS FOR PEKING.
The War Department officials expect
that all the American troops which are to
be sent from Pf king to Manila will be out
of China by the 21st.
Interest centers in the report which Mr.
OonKer will make regarding the adequacy
of '.he punishment to be meted out by the
Chinese Government to those persons who
were instrumental in the Boxer revolt,
and the future course of this Government
may depend largely on what the investi
gation? now being conducted develop.
WASHINGTON. Oct. ".—Developments
of any consequence in the Chinese situa
tion are not looked for until the return of
President McKinley to the capital. Tues
day evening a Cabinet meeting will be
hold, at which the French note will be
pone over in a formal way. This Govern
ment may not consider seriously the prop
ositions which look to the prohibition
of the importation of arms into China
and the dismantling- of the fortifications.
Called for Tuesday.
Meeting of the Washington Cabinet
WILL C0XSIDES FRENCH NOTE.
According to the Shanghai correspond
ent of the Times, wiring .in October 5.
Jt is announced that Huai Tapu, nephew
of the Empress Dowager, who was dis
missed bv Emperor Kwang Hsu inlsSS. has
succeeded Prince Tuan in the Tsung>li-
Yamen and has also been appointed gen
eralissimo of the Chinese forces, replac
ing General Yung Lu.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Morning Post, in a dispatch dated yes
terday, says: "All the foreign troops here
are held m readiness against a possible
attack by 8000 Chinese troops now ad
vanc'.r.g along the grand canal."
The Morning Post has the following- dla
patca dated October 5 from Matow, on the
Peiho: "Sir Alfred Gaselee has returned
to Peking after issuing orders that all the
British troops except the Welhaiwei
remnant shall prepare for the winter. The
American marines frcm Peking have ar
rived here. Some of the French troops
are leaving."
In a dis$--ateh to the Times from Peking-,
dated October 1. Dr. Morrison says: "It
looks now as If M. <le Giers. the Russian
Minister to China, would negotiate with
L4 Hung Chang at Tientsin. The Ameri
can withdrawal will facilitate Russia's
negotiations concerning Manchuria. All
the mandarins in Peking have declined
the Empress Dov.agers orders to proceed
to Taiyuan-Fu. assigning various pre
texts."
"There is reason to believe that the Chi
nese In this case were not Boxers, but
were "LA Huns Chajig's veterans who had
been ordered to wait near here in view
of the possibility that the foreigners would
bar his progress .to the capital."
LONDON'. Oct. 8.— The Standcxd has the
following dated Tientsin, Friday: "A
German force came into collision with S000
Chines* described as Boxers a few miles
couth of Tientsin this moraine- The Ger
mans were checked and compelled to re
tire on Tientsin.
Yesterday the rebels attacked the town
of Sal Wan, but were defeated. The troops
here are being held in readiness for any
emergency and the police forces along the
Kowloon frontier have been Increased.
HONGKONG. Oct. 6.— A thousand
rebels are raiding villages In Sanon dis
trict and are marching on Schamchuen.
Indian troops were dispatched last night
to prevent invasion of British territory.
Special Cable to The Call and New York H-rald. Copyright, 190O, by
the Herald Publishing Company.
Indian Troops Dispatched to Check Boxer
Raiders Who Are Marching on
Schamchuen.
THREATENED INVASION
OF BRITISH TERRITORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 8,. 1900.
Structure Now Completed and Will Probably Be
Accepted by San Mateo Supervisors.
SPLENDID NEW BRIDGE
OVER PILARCITOS CREEK
"It is legitimate busings to execute my
contracts, and their execution ¦will not
affect the American public at all. I ob
ject to corners on principle."
"I have never yet tried to corner food.
On the contrary, my object has always
been to lower rather than to raise food
prices. What happened was slmtily this:
I received a Inrpe Government order, com
pelling; me to keep a big stock in reservo.
My buyers in Chicago bought extensively,
and consequently I hold a bigger stoclc
than usual.
LONDON. Oct. 8.— Sir Thomas Llpton
in the course of an interview that appears
in the Daily Express this morning denied
nny attempt to corner pork In Chicago.
He says:
Sir Thomas Llpton Says He Is Con
cerned in No Such. Deal.
NOT CORNERING PORK.
Mr. Fox knew nothing of th© robbery
until the woman had escaped. He then
accused the other woman of being an ac
complice and summoned Policeman Ma
honey, who took her to the West Thir
tieth street police station. There she de
nied the charge and said that she knew
nothing of the matter. The prisoner said
that her home is in London, but that sha
is staying temporarily at 22G West Thirty
sixth street. She Is a fine looking woman
and wore an expensive automobile coat.
When searched S05 and a chamois bag
containing valuable jewels were found
upon her. She was locked up and the po
lice are now searching for her associate.
started after her, but he was no matcK
for the woman, who ran into Fortieth
street and disappeared in the direction of
Sixth avenue.
In front of the residence of H. "U*. Can
non the Brooks woman, according to Mr.
Fox. stopped suddenly, threw her arms
about his neck and pave him a hug.
which would have rejected great credit
upon a Rocky Mountain bear. When he
recovered from his astonishment Mr. Fox
says he disengaged tho woman -with great
difficulty, but not until she had extracted
a wallet containing money from an inside
pocket of his waistcoat. Mr. Brown, who
was standing a few feet away, did not
know what had happened until he saw
the Brooks woman pas* the purs*» to her
companion, who hurried away. Suspect
ing that his friend had been robbed, he
Intending to take a short vralk, the men
started from the hotel at 7:20 o'clock.
While they ¦were standing In front of a
cijrar store on Forty-second street they
were accosted by a woman who gave her
name as May Brooks. She addressed Mr.
Fox by name and asked about hl3 family.
Thinking that perhaps he had met her at
his home he chatted with her a few min
utes, and at her suggestion, he says,
started down Madison avenue with her.
after she had presented a woman friend
of hers.
XEW TORK. Oct. 7.—It cost Julius H.
Fox, a wealthy grain merchant of Le
moore, Cal., nearly ;500 to-night to be
hugged by a handsomely gowned and
pretty young: woman on Madison avenue.
Mr. Fox Is on a business trip In this city
and Is staying at the Murray Hill Hotel
with his friend. Oliver C. Brown. Both
have extensive grain Industries In Califor
nia and have several branch offices In va
rious Western cities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Merchant Julius H. Fox of Lemoore Robbed
by a Female Bunko Steerer in New York.
FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS
THE PRICE OF A HUG
3
718 Market Street.
IA/. X. HESS,
KOTXBT PSJ^IC AMJ ATTOfiHiir-Xr-LATr.
Tenth Floor, Room lOit Claua SpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown SSL
Residence, Kl California «t.. below PoweU,
S&a Francisco.
CASH OR CREDIT.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INfPECT OCR PRICES.
Near Powell.
Open Evectcci.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Here is the picture of the
round-cornered, four- but- $W&h&
toned, readv-made sack JPP^P^
suit,. which is btikable for 1 Q
so many occasion?. It is ? fe 1
stylishly made by the best VJA
workmen in America — '/t^^W^\W^\
union men. The suit comes /f iJ^Sb^^lj't^iPfl
in the popular green, Ox- $• Um^MmWM
ford, tan and chocolate ef- MM | W
fects, as well as other pat- >S4^P^^ I Ml
terns, and is sure to satisfy 0^^§$B^mW
you. It is a better read y -^|^|Wlj||||!/
made suit than we ever g^fflM
sold before at the price.
-¦ . I'll HI - H ' i! f illfii'iMl i
We guarantee it iff fll ! l* ' T
Double-breasted style if Pll/wPl ji%]$!
preferred. - ypl^M If | '
Overcoats l|lp|i
We have a whole line of | ||| ; |ii|j 'I
overcoats that are also IWw'lh-!!'! I
union made. They come in lil^illW'-i
the popular cloths such as
coverts, kerseys, oxford wiSlliilll
grays, cheviots, etc. ; price \xw v 1
$10.00 . . 1
We are wholesale manu- ][;• W'\
facturers— buy from us and . iH^
save money. All our ready- iSM
made clothing is union A&&
Boys' Clothing
j5^3||||^^ This new department is
liK^^^^^TOi\ filled to overflowing with
values in boys' clothes, hats
For boys from 3 to 10 years
>l^@Ste=^lRJM£K, old » S cotch cheviot material
/^•ifc^Wra^* Jall^&ihsv ' n c^ ec^ s » stri pes and solid
/^i~\ blues; some with vestee in
0W fanc y patterns; separable
PC MS#M^fel shield that can be left off if
l^%H^1^p!«i| i^^ preferred, so that the bov
can wear a collar and tie »
S5-CO and $6.00 values like
the Picture only
r S4 ' 00 a suit
«¦§&/ \ fel Three-oiece Suits
*£j %$Wi \ or b° vs from 10 to 15 years
Sill lUifl °' d; P attern is an Oxford
III HH S ra >'» which, as you know,
Wff iEiSh 1S quite popular; round-cor-
bj W& nered, three-button coat;
*l itm double-breasted vest; knee
>^fi$J f^lV ¦ • pants j good suits for dress
Out-of-town orders filled — write uuMISS EDITH PRESTON, "WHO IS VISITING MRS. KI3IBAL (NEE
THOMAS) AT HER HOME AT HANFORD. MISS PRESTON WAS ONE
OF THE BRIDESMAIDS AT THE THOMAS-KIMBAL TVEDDIXG.
The defense, of. a local thief that he stole because
he was tempted will probably land him in a place
which is happily free from temptation.
.Every man wh'o expects to be benefited by four
years more of prosperity should help in securing it
The silly season is lingering late in- the East this
year, and a number of locally prominent men in that
section are still talking of forming a third party.
When Kruger.«aid he intended to travel for his
health the British took him literally at his word. He
will be allowed to take no South African gold with
him.
' Fresno seems to be on the high road for the cre
ation of an asylum for human freaks. She has just
liberated a boy murderer and now has a child fire
brand on her hands. .
The only stable thing about the boundary agree
ment between the United States and British Columbia
appears to be the disposition of everybody concerned
to fight over rights which are not supposed to be in
dispute.
George Fred Williams of Massachusetts is not
widely known in this part of the world,' but in New
England he has a Bryan cinch on the silver men and
is said to be training to take Bryan's place when
From present appearances the Democrats who in
convention indorsed a certain yellow journal as the
organ of Democracy were sadly lacking in foresight
and in hindsight as well. They neither looked to the
future nor remembered the past.
We boast of quick work in this country, and with
reason, but the French are not far behind us in per
formance, for an underground railway from Vincenncs
to the Bois de Boulogne, a distance of about ten
miles, has been put into operation within sixteen
months after ground was broken.
Two twenty-five-knot cruisers of the
Novik type are to be laid down at the
Nevski Engineering Works at St. Peters
burg.
• • •
The' armor plates for the Russian bat
tleships Alexander III, Orel, Borodino and
Knaz Suvaroff, amounting to about 10,000
tons, 'will be manufactured in this coun
try.
« • •
The British cruiser Powerful is to be
refitted for another three years' commis
sion and the overhauling and" repairs will
ta..e six month3 at the Portsmouth dock
y ard - .... y
The Normand water-tube boiler Is find
inc favor in the Russian navy and is be
ing extensively introduced. One Import
ant advantage claimed for it" is that the
combustion is perfect and that it emits
less smoke than anv other boiler.
• * *
The Italian battleship Amiral di St.
Bou has at. last been completed and
placed In commission. The keel was laid.
July IS, 1S93, and the launching took place
April 29, 1897, so that seven years were re
quired to construct this ship of 9S0O tons.
•' • • •
The, coal consumption of the torpedo
boat /destroyer Viper was 2.49 pounds per
unit of horsepower at a speed of 33.8
knots, the engines developing 10,300 horse
power. The thirty-knot destroyers in
the British navy average 2.38 pounds of
coal per unit of horsepower.
T. ',' • . • * • .'
The German naval increase will necessi
tate an enlargement of the dockyard at
Kiel, and the village of Ellerbeck, with
5740 inhabitants, adjoining the yard, will
cease to exist as the land is needed for
dockyard extension. The force of work
men, which is now 6000, will be shortly in
creased to lo.ooo.' '¦ •".;¦'
• • • ' ""f; *':¦¦-
Contracts for four armored cruisers of
9S00 tons will shortly be distributed by the
British Admlraltv. The ships will be 440
feet in length by 66 feet beam, but their
speed, according to the London Times, is
to be twenty knots, which is probably in
correct, as twenty-two or twenty-three
knots would be nearer the mark.
• , » ¦ » (?'."'
The departure of the Russian "battleship
Sebastopol for the , Orient has. been de
layed to make repairs to the vessel's for
ward turret. It was found on her gun
nery trials ' that the turret would not
turn, that the. base had been displaced
and considerable damage was done before
the cause of obstruction to turning was
discovered.
• • •
The ; British Admiralty is making' con
cessions to -the engineer officers of the
navy and the corps is now to consist of
1 engineer-in-chlef, twenty Inspectors and
chief inspectors, 1 313 fleet . and chief en
gineers, 624 engineers and assistant en
gineers and 100 artificer, engineers. Thera
is no increase in pay for the first two
grades, but chief and fleet engineers will
WORLD' S NAVAL NEWS.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO-In making your
winter plans think of . thla beautiful country
horns with city advantages, ideal climate, no
heavy tog or rain. At 4 New Montgomery
street, city, set information and special rates.
The Russian torpedo boat destroyer
Som, built by Laird's, Birkenhead, Is al
most ready for trial. The boat is 213 feet
by 21 feet 6 inches, and displaces 350 tons
on 6 feet 3 Inches mean 'draught. She Is
fitted with Laird water tube boilers and
twin s'crew engines of 6000. horsepower,
calculated to give a speed of twenty-seven
knots during a three hours* run. the boat
being loaded down to service conditions
with eighty tons of coal on board. The
contract price Is J2CO.00O if the boat cornea
up to the requirements, and is subject to
a deduction of $10,000 for every one-quarter
knot short of, the contract. If the speed
falls below twenty-six knots the Govern
ment reserves the right to either reject
the vessel or to accept It at a reduction of
20 per cent from the contract price.
The French battleship Hoche, built in
1886, has been fitted out with new engines,
but the first trials were so unsatisfactory
as to require extensive improveflaents and
alterations of the new machinery. With
10,912 horsepower the speed was 15.92
knots, but the consumption of coal was so
great as to make the supply sufficient for
only S03 knots at the highest speed. This
defect has now been remedied and the
speed has reached sixteen knots, while
the coal will suffice for 1292 knots. Nu
merous alterations have been made in the
vessel and the draught has been material
ly reduced by. removing superstructure
and substituting lighter guns for the
original armament. The Hoche will be
ready for service during October.
The old Belleisle. that was recently all
but sunk by the battleship Majestic to
demonstrate the effectiveness of modern
guns, is being fitted out at Portsmouth to
undergo another series of gunnery trials.
On one side six-inch Krupp plates are be
ing put on for a length of twenty feet ard
on the other side four-inch Krupp armor.
The vessel is then to be flred Into at vary
ine ranges to ascertain armor resistance
unuer actual service conditions. It will
be several months before the ship will
bo ready for the trials. f* *v '¦':*¦
Austria's naval programme contem
plates Jouildlng two eighteen-knot battle
ships of S300 tons, wlthJ.S-inch all around
armor belts and carrying armaments of
three 9.2-lnch Krupps, twelve 6.9-inch
Skoda quick-firers and twenty- four
smaller guns. One ship of . this type is
ready for launching; a protected cruiser
of 7000 tons, to be laid down at once, and
a battleship of 10,000 tons is planned. The
increase of the personnel is 2500 men.
receive 16 shillings, rising to. 30 shillings
in fourteen years; engineers will, begin
with 10 shillings and increase to 12 shill
ings in eight years, while the pay of all
others is to remain as now.
Judge J. D. BIcknell and W. D. da
Groot. the last named an oil prospector.
both of Los Angeles, are registered at the
Palace.
Guy A. Buell, a Stockton lumberman,
and W. J. Doherty. a Bakersfleld mer
chant, are stopping at the Grand,
M. R. Plalsted. editor of the Bv«nlne
Democrat of Fresno, registered at the
California Hotel yesterday.
X. F. Clark, J. J. Leldecker and Thomas
Clark, three Eastern oil men from Oil
City, Pa., are at the Lick.
E. X>. Edson, State Railroad Commis
sioner, residing at Gazelle, is at the Occi
dental Hotel.
W. C. Slngham. a banker o£ Vary»<
-ville. Is at the Palace,
George Schoenwald, a 'veH-known hotol
man on the coast. Is at the Lick.
II. E. Sanborn. a prominent lawyer o£
Tuba City, Is registered at tfca Lick.
Thomas F. Corcoran has arrived from
Dawson City and Is a guest at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
i ' — — — —
If grit and perseverance can make an
actress, then Gertrude Lewis is destined
to be one of the dazzling bunch of shin
ing stage lights that have come out of
this Golden State. Last winter Gertie
forsook the joys of local social life to win
smiles of approval from the generous but
hard-to-please audiences that pay their
$2 50 per head to enjoy the shows Froh
man mounts on the classic Daly stage In
Xew York. Gertie did not have much to
say in the Frohman productions. Her
speaking part in the first play of the sea
son was limited to "Yes. mamma." How
ever, in the playing of it she had the
moral support of a gorgeous' Persian
lamb "automobile" coat, besides the sat
isfaction of knowing that after she made
her exit the feminine portion of the audi
ence paid no further attention to the play.
The plot was lost (to them) In specula-
which she Announced the engagement of
Miss Frances Baldwin jmd Sheffield San
born, was a Jolly affairrof course, no one
was exactly surprised— no ' one is these
days at the announcement of an engage
ment—but no one was exactly expecting it
just that day, and therefore it may be set
down as one of the unexpected features
of the affair. It was a most congenial
party, and if the society editor was mak
ing a note of 1 it he would write "among
those present were Mr?. Alexander Keyes,
Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss Susie Blandlng,
Miss Margaret Salisbury. Mlsa Margue
rite Sawyer and Miss Ida Belle Palmer."
On Saturday next her father. "William
Lewis, accompanied by his second da-uph
ter, Edna Lewis, will leave for an ex
tended trip to Honolulu. Mrs. Lewl3 will
not accompany them, but •will occupy
apartments at the Richelieu during: their
absence. "I can't put tho sea between
Gertrude and myself," she explains to her
friends when they ask her why ah» does
not go to the islands. "Sh« ta a most
dutiful end attentive daughter. I g^t a
letter from her every day, and not all tho
tropical islands in the world could make
me miss the pleasure of my daily morn-
Ing epistle frojn my girl In New York."
"When the New York season came to a
close Gertruc'o was still of 'the opinion
that she could make the "feu saere" plow,
and so instead of making' a tour with the
Frohman forces and wearing 1 her pretty
clothes and speaking her few lines Mis3
Lewis joined a continuous performance
stock company in Albany and has spent
her summer giving two performances <
daily, gathering experience and laying tho
foundation for a successful future.
In the next play Gertie was east In she
said "Oh, papa!" and wore a magnlflcent
black spangled gown, a copy of which
Sadie llartinot showed us when she ap
peared with Miller here In "The Tree of
Knowledge" several months ago.
tlon as to how much that coat must have
cost the beauty from California. All sorts
of fancy prices were set down to Its cred
it, but, as a matter of fact, it only cost
J10CO.
Th|E FIGHT IN THE SECOND.
CITIZENS of the Second Congressional District
are to be congratulated upon the opportunity
of obtaining jo able a man as the Hon. S.
D. Woods to represent them in Congress. A candi
date of the Republican party, pledged to Republican
policies and to a support of the Republican adminis
tration, he will be nevertheless a genuine representa
tive of the whole people, for he has lived in the
district for years, is well acquainted with all classes
of its population, knows its interests and-its needs and
can be counted on to be faithful and energetic in pro
moting' every measure calculated to advance its
welfare.
Mr. Woods came to California with his parents in
1849. At the age of seventeen he began teaching
school and among his pupils arc many who have since
risen to eminence in the State. In 1875 he was ad
mitted to the bar, but on account <3f ill health he
abandoned the profession of the law for a time and
ppent several years as a member of a surveying party
in the southern part of the State. Afterward he was
engaged in mining in Inyo. Yuba and Placer coun
ties. He also made a journey on horseback from- San
Francisco through the central and northern parts of
the State and into Oregon and Washington, thus
making himself familiar by observation with the
resources and needs of those sections of the country.
In 18S5 Mr. Woods returned to Stockton and re
sumed the practice of law. He soon attained high
rank at the bar and is esteemed not only for his
learning and his force as an advocate, but for his
strict to his clients and his firm maintenance
of the best traditions and highest standards of pro
fessional honor. His studies, however, have not been
confined to matters of law. He has given thought
and work to every important question that • affects
the welfare of the State. The problems involved in
the impounding of mountain streams, the conserva
tion of the forests, the development of mining, the
preservation of the valleys from floods, the provision
£cr irrigation; and all subjects of that kind have
found in him a careful and earnest student. It may
be therefore said that his mind is stored with the
knowledge which will fit him to advocate with
efficiency the adoption by the Federal Government
of measures designed to* solve all problems of that
kind in a way to serve the interests of the mountain
and the valley counties alike.
Taking into consideration the diversified experi
ences of Mr. Woods, and also his personal character
and fitness for the office, the Republican Convention
of Santa Cruz could not have made a better choice.
Mr. Woods has always been a stanch Republican,
but has never taken an active part in politics." On
several occasions he has refused the importunities of
his friends to accept a nomination for office, but has
in each instance declined, and it was only after h-:
had been convinced that it was his duty as a citizen
and as a Republican that he finally consented to
enter the political arena.
He belongs to the optimistic class of Americans
who have an unfaltering faith in American institu
tions and in the destiny of this nation. He believes
that the planting of the American flag on other soils
is but the fulfillment of America's mission among the
nations of the world. He is an expansionist in the
broadest meaning of that word, and is an enthusi
astic admirer of President McKinley as a man and
as a statesman.
His vigorous personality and tireless energy will
place him at once in the front rank of the nation's
best law-makers.
He represents that typical class of Californians who
love California and who have faith in her greatness,
and whose broadminded, progressive and liberal spirit
has served to make men from the Golden State dis
tinctive wherever they are found.
Of high personal character and intense human feel
ing, Mr. Woods is a man who wins and holds friend
ships. Frankness is one of his most notable char
acteristics, making him a reliable man to care for all
of the interests ofthe people and a stumbling block
to would-b- manipulators. All the interests of Cali
fornia, and especially the interests of the Second
Congressional District, although they be diversified,
could be in no better keeping in Congress than in 1 the
hands of Hon. S. D. Woods.
THE BUSINESS BAROMETER.
AS far as figures are an indication trade through
out the country showed some improvement last
week. In the first place, the bank clearings
made a' better showing, the decrease from last year
falling to only 7 per cent, the smallest loss for a long
time. The falling off in New York was slight, being
7.2 per cent, while Chicago showed a gain of .05 per
cent, which, though insignificant, was the first increase
for months. The only explanation of this statistical
improvement in business comes from Wall street,
where strong financial interests have re-entered the
market upon hopes of the triumph of sound money
principles at the polls next month. As a political
straw this fact is very significant.
The money market in New York is decidedly firm
er, owing to heavy withdrawals for the South and
•West, but the weekly bank statement was better than
had been anticipated. The coal strike still operates
against any activity in Wall street, as the market
weakens or hardens in sympathy with the van-ing
aspects cf the situation.
The staples are generally in fair tone, and with the
exception of sugar there has been no marked decline
for some little time. Provisions rule very firm, and
hog products have generally advanced under a good
demand. There is little ordering ahead for any kind
of merchandise, and some diminution in the jobbing
trade is reported at several Western centers. This,
however, is due largely to the continued rain in the
Northwest, which restricts the movement of wheat to
market and consequently diminishes the retail and
jobbing demand for goods. With dryer weather, how
ever, this condition would undoubtedly pass away.
The indisposition to order ahead is particularly mark
ed in the iron trade, and the cruder forms of iron
continue weak and quiet. The boot and shoe factories
of New England are doing a more active business
on orders for immediate delivery, but spring business
is hanging back. Sales of wool are still behind those
of last year, but there has been no further decline in
prices worthy of remark. Considering the nearness of
the election the general condition of trade seems
rather favorable than otherwise.
The local markets show no particular change for
the week. Wheat was quiet and irregular all the week,
barley fell of? slightly, oats, bran and hay advanced,
beans declined under the influx of the new crop, bacon
und lard went up and sugar down, and hides met
¦with an improved inquiry. These variations, while
generally light, show more animation to business, and
are therefore a good sign. When prices fluctuate here
and there, going up and down according to the vary
ing proportions of the supply and demand, trade is
usually in healthy condition. Prolonged dullness is
a sinister symptom, but this condition has been absent
from the San Francisco market for several years.
The early rains, while heavier than the usual fall
in October, have thus far had no marked effect on
anything. The fruit has been pretty well dried, the
hay is under cover, and grapes are the only important
product in danger of suffering from wet weather.
Some damage has been done, but not enough to cause
any violent fluctuation in prices.
The local Civil Service Commission has been freely
criticized for refusing to accept experience as a quali
fication of any value :n applicants who want positions.
It is natural that the commission should not value
something which it does not itself possess. ¦ /
The tourist season is over in Europe, and yet it is
said the attendance at the Paris Exposition is increas
ing, so it seems that as the natives are no longer
busy skinning foreigners they have a chance to go to
the show themselves.
Whatever else may be said of the Board of Educa
tion, it possesses the merit of candor. After it was
caught letting illegal contracts which aggregate
thousands of dollars it guilt and begged
pardon.
Mark Twain has dropped humor and has taken an
excursion into logic. His first effort is a gem, He
says we must be a friend of England because she
can't find another on earth.
The Rocklin double murderer, who boasts that in
his crime he did a good job, is possibly of a disposi
tion to feel discontented until the hangman has
finished the incident
THE FIFtST VOTERS
7~1 MOXG the millions who will cast their ballots
/ \ at the coming election there will be many
thousands who never before have exercised
the right of suffrage in the choice of a chief magis
trate of the republic. They have attained to manhood
since the election of 1896 and are now called upon
to make choice between the two great parties of the
country and to express by their ballots the judgment
they make upon them. In closely contested States
the ballots of the young voters ma}' hold the balance
of power. They are, therefore, of importance to the
whole nation, and it is worth while for the foremost
statesmen of the land to make special appeals' to
them to vote right.
No appeal of that kind has' ever been more elo
quently or more' nobly made than that of McKinley
in his address to the first voters of Cleveland in 1890".
After reminding the young men that their fathers had
to pass through the civil war and all the years of
bitter sectional controversy that preceded and follow
ed the conflict, he said: "Born in the seventies, you
have enjoyed the most marvelous advantages of the
nineteenth century. You have witnessed the greatest
progress of science, mechanics and material develop
ment of any period in pur history. You have enjoyed
the advantages of the free and higher schools of
learning. You have lived in f a period of the greatest
opportunity for moral and intellectual growth, and
enjoyed most favorable conditions for forming right
opinions. You have escaped the extreme bitterness
of party divisions and the passions of a fratricidal
war. You carry none of the scars of the past party
conflicts."
Then proceeding' to the issues of that time, which
were virtually the same as those of to-day, Mr* Mc-
Kinley went on to say: "Surely every young voter
who has his spurs yet to win, his career to make, his
fortune to build, will hesitate before he will give his
ballot to a party which' seeks to create hostility
between classes and sections; between the rich and
the poor; between the mechanic and the manufac
turer; between the farmer and the banker. He will
cast his ballot to continue the equality of citizenship,
of privilege, of opportunity, of possibility, which
has been the boast of our citizenship, and is the very
cornerstone upon which our free institutions rest."
Then followed the direct appeal so timely to the
issues before us: "How would Lincoln, Grant, Gar
field and Logan have stood if in their time they had
accepted the dbctrint which some now teach,' that
because -they were poor and of humble, surroundings
they must go off by themselves and shut the door of
opportunity to the best impulses of their, souls, and
the' noblest aspirations of their minds? The ballot of
the young man. as well as that, of the old man, the
ballot of the first voter, as well as that of all voters,
should always express the voice of truth and con-
Against the logic of that argument, the strength of
that position, the mugwump -following of Schurz and
others will rage in vain. The supreme choice after
all is a choice of parties, and when Bryanism is under
stood in its full meaning, all good citizens, whether
they be annexationists or not, will find ample reason
for supporting the party that stands for everything
of law, order, honor and industry that maintains the
prosperity of the republic.
Then, bringing the argument to the issue, he says:
"I am opposed to imperialism. When the treaty with
Spain was before the Senate I did my best by speech
and by vote to amend it in accordance with the
doctrine I have stated. I was faithful to the cause o;
freedom and justice as I understood it. The cause
was stabbed in the back by Mr. Bryan In the moment
of its victor}'- I do not trust him now. I am not
prepared to purchase the chance of what he will do
hereafter at the price he demands — a Supreme Court
of his choosing: the solid South in the saddle: ten
million of American citizens at home disfranchised;
national dishonor; the free coinage of silver at sixteen
to one. He told his Populist audience the other dV/
that if he were elected they might be sure that this
monetary reform would be accomplished before the
next Presidential election. If you are ready to make
this purchase at this price, my independent friends, go
your way, do your duty as you see it. I shall do mine
as I see it. I think the future of justice and liberty
in the Eastern Hemisphere is safest in the hands in
which it is safest in the Western Hemisphere. I think
it is safest abroad where it is safest at home." *
The moral of the lesson taught by the contrast is
clear. If the men who are opposed to the annexation
of the Philippines hope to accomplish anything they
must act with an organized party. They can gain
nothing by mere agitation. In the selection of a
party they must choose that which is most likely to
serve the interests of freedom and the welfare of the
republic. Twice within recent years the independents
and mugwumps have voted with the Democrats and
helped them to elect a Democratic President; and
the Senator says if they like the results of the Demo
cratic administration they are welcome to the choice.
The Senator makes a strong contrast between wlut
was effected by Wendell Phillips and other independ
ents like him in fighting the slave power and that
which was accomplished by the politicians who form
ed the Republican party. He says: "After nearly
thirty years Mr. Phillips and his followers, had trade
no progress whatever. The thirty years of their
activity witnessed a series- of victories for slavery. .*
* * Now what was done by the politicians? Some
of us met at Worcester, Massachusetts, on the 28.I1 of
June, 1S4S, to found a new party devoted to arresting
the fciture encroachments of the 'slave power and to
secure the freedom of the vast territory between the.
Mississippi and the Pacific. * * * In eight years
it carried a majority of the free States. In twelve
years it elected its President and had a majority, in
both houses of Congress. In sixteen years it had
abolished slavery and had put down the rebellion;
and in twenty years it had adopted the three great
amendments to the Constitution which made every
slave a freeman, every freeman a citizen, and every
citizen a voter."
BY way of reply to the critics who condemn him
for supporting the Republican party while op
posing the Philippine policyof the administra
tion. Senator Hoar has contributed to the Interna
tional Monthly an article on party government in
the United States, in the course of which he points out.
tn.it in this country government can be effected only
by parties, and that whosoever hopes to have any
influence upon legislation must choose between one
p"arty or the other; nothing can Be effected by holding
aloof from parties or by shifting from one party to
another. because of special issues and without regar>l
to the character of the men who control the parties.
SENATOR HOAR'S DEFENSE.
YOU all want to be prepared for
the startling announcement of the
engagement of Bishop Potter's
adventurous nephew and the
daughter of a prominent local phy
sician, who does not rely solely upon her
papa's great name for a fame that Is hers
by virtue of her beauty, talent and tact.
Just at present the engagement is being
kept dark, and while we are all gossiping
about It, not one of us Is sufficiently brave
to come right out and tell it.
I have heard more than the mere fact
of the engagement. I have heard that on
the first of the month Mamie and her
mother will leave for the Philippines,
where" the wedding is to take place.
Corporal Potter is a man with a rosy
past and a brilliant future. When he
passed through our city on his way to the
Philippines 'accounts of hia escapades
filled several columns in the daily papers.
Besides escapades I believe he was once
before engaged to a Miss Carter of Phila
delphia. ;y^'
In the matter of a previous engagement
he is not ahead of his pretty fiancee.- She
had several years ago a heart-to-heart
affair with a popular young lieutenant of
the navy and the loss of the fair maid was
the penalty the naval constructor had to
pay for the possession of an ugly temper.
• • *
I got one genuine Jolly surprise during
the week — the announcement of the wed
ding of Ada Dougherty and Jabtsh Clem
ent. There was nothlrlg sensational about
the wedding— just the case of an ardent.
Impatient .lover, who eould not bear to be
separated, from the lady of his choice,
who was about to leave for a prolonged
tour with a suffering mother. The recent
death of Ada's sister threw the mother
Into a' fearful nervous state and Mr. and
Mrs. Dougherty, their two sons and Ada
were about to start for an extended trip,
when Clement discovered that he couldn't
and wouldn't bear the pangs of separa
tion. The result was the wedding — a nat
urally nuiet one.
Everybody sympathizes with Mrs.
Dougherty in her trouble. Every time the
lady's name is mentioned there is always
some one by to recall days of lavish hos
pitality enjoyed, either at the town or
country home, and many musical even
ings when Ada's musical compositions
were the delight of critical guests. I have
hc-arrl that recently the gifted musician
has Given her attention to dramatic writ
ing, and the result is a play of more than
ordinary merit.
• • • ¦
Mme. de Guigne, whose health for some
tim^ past has been very poor, is going
south to spend the winter months. This
will unfortunately take Miss de Guigne,
who is one of this season's debutantes,
out of town for a good part of the sea
son, for naturally she will want to be
near her suffering mother.
While on the subject of debutantes, I
want to say that I have been told that
Sophia Pierce is coming out thi9 winter,
but that she will not make her initial bow
to society until early In January.
• * •
The death of Colonel Jackson neces
sarily postponed the wedding of beauti
ful Lucy Jackson and Dr. Rothchild.
Their marriage, I understand, was to
have taken place some time this month
at the Jackson country seat at Napa Soda
Springs.
Lucy's engagement, which came as such
a surprise to all of us, has not yet ceased
to be a topic of interest. I don't be
lieve there ever was such : another de
voted lover as I the doctor, who, I am
told. Is a member of the world-famous
wealthy family whose name he bears.
The jewels which he has presented his
brido-to-be are- of sufficient quantity to
stock a small sized jewelry shop. He lets
no occasion pass without marking the
event with the gift of a jewel, and when
birthdays and holidays are exhausted the
generous doctor invents anniversaries. I
saw, the other day, a dazzling diamond
sunburst given by the doting doctor to
his the occasion' being, the anni
versary of the day they first met.
• » . •
Some one who has just returned from
abroad told me that they . had met the
Countess Artsimovich (formery Mrs.
Webster Jones) in Dresden. She was
beautifully gowned, ns was naturally to
be expected, and all the Dresden women
were marveling at her erect figure and
supple waist, and trying, without succeed,
to make their clothes "hang" like hers
did.
• • •
Mrs. Alexander Baldwin's luncheon, at
BY SALLY SHARP.
___^ * — ==
MONDAY OCTOBER 8, 1900
Address A!' Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
WAXAGEirs office T<r J el>lloI "\J*5!^!Li! : 2i
PinLICATlO\ OFFirE...Marlte« nnd TUIr<I. S. V. !
Telephone l'resw 1TO1.
EDITOItlAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St. j
Tfl«-u!i«m«- 1'rrHM 2OU.
I>«-Ilv«-rod toy Cnrrlor". 13 C«-ti««« IVr Week.
Single Coi»les«. •"» OiUs.
Term* br Halt; Including Tontase:
PAILY CAL.I* nncludtng 6oi»d*y). one year M-W i
I>AILY OALI* (Inetn&lag Sunday). 6 month* 3.00
I>AIUT CAUts (inr-lu'linp Sunday! . 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL- Hy Firple Month lC
SUNDAY CALL. One Yf-ar *«S? j
WEEKLY <\\I>U <">ne Vft-ir * 1-CO |
All pot(tniaKter« ore nnlhoritcd to rrcelre
nabscripdonn.
Sample copies ¦will be forwarded when requested.
'VT; «.
Mall rubr-crib^r? In r>r<lprin«: rhance of *<Mn>SR rtmuM 1« i
particular to civ*- bath NKW AJCD. OLD ADDRESS In onier
to Jnfure a i rompt arvl correct oorapllanre with their re<VJC!=t. :
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Ilroadwny
CEOaCE C KKOGXESS,
K'ana^er Fo'ei^n £dvert si<-£T. Marquet e Suildinsr. Chicago j
(I>ong Distance Telephone "Central :?19.")
NTTtV YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CATILTOX Herald Square-
NTTW TORK IlEPHESFrXTATlVK:
STEPHCN B. SMITH ««> Tribune Hr.llilliiK |
NEW TORK SETTS STANDS:
Traldorf-Aptirla Hotel: A. Rrentsrio. 21 Union Square;
li'j^r.y Kill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hccse; Auditorium Hotel.
WA8BTKGTO5 <n. C.) OFKIffi. . . . 14O« O St., >'. W.
MORTON E- CRANK, Correspondent.
nnWfll OFFICES— 121 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:30 o'clock. S'X) Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. CM".
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS I>ark5n. oj*>n until
*:30 o'clock. 1SS1 Mi«=ien. open until 10 o'clock. 2251 Market,
comer Sixteenth, "pra until 9 o'clock. 1C?6 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second ami Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
SOCIETY: GOSSIPY BITS MOSTLY ABOUT ENGAGEMENTS.
The young men who come to the polls for the first
time in this election have before them the same
alternative as that which confronted the first voters
of 1896. It is a choice between the party of prosperity
and the party of calamity; the party that, preaches
harmony and the party that preaches antagonism. A
great majority of the first voters of 1806 allied them
selves with the Republican party and cast their
ballots for national honor and public prosperity. It
is hardly to be doubted that a similar choice will be
made by the young men of this year, and that the
strength of the party wilJ be renewed by the accession
of recruits who will take up its standards and its
principles and carry them forward to future victories
for the republic and for humanity.
science. It should represent the calm and unbiased
judgment of the voter. It should embody the highest
welfare of himself, his home, his community and his
country. It should never be false to his convictions
cr opposed to justice and honor, either in public or
private concerns. It should express on its face his
best hopes and highest asph-ations as an individual
citizen, and always represent the greatest good to his
fellow-countrymen."
THE SAN ¦¦¦¦FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 190U.
4
50c. and Ji.oo, all druccists
SCOTT & IJOWNE, Chemists, New York.:
ADV3BTI3E3OTNT3.
with a nursing baby has two
lives to support Her flesh,
strength and vitality are
taxed to the utmost, and
must be maintained or both
will surely fail.
will keep up the mother's
strength and vitality. It also
enriches the baby's nourish-
ment, and supplies the ele-
ments necessary for proper
growth and development of
bones, teeth and tissue
A federal union of vegetarian societies
exists in Londrn. London has a vegeta-
rian hospital with twenty beds In connec-
tion -with it. - ¦ . •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press CHppinp Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> at Townsend*s."
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Quo Va<3:s."
California — "Xortna-"
Alhambra— * - A Texas Steer."
OrrhfUir.— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "In Paradise."
Alcazar— "We I.'ns cf Tennessee."
Tivo:: — "Lucia."
Olympia, corner Mason and EdSy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer" p— Vaudeville.
Eutro Baths — Open nlshtm.
Otid Fellows' Hall— Concert SIoMaj-. Octot>er 15.hour a steamer pipe burst and had to be
replaced before a start could be made.
The yacht Queen and the steamer Sau
eallto were In collision Saturday. The
yacht lost her bowsprit.
The steamer Curacao wan delayed
three hours yesterday. At the sailing
The bark Albert made the; run from
Honolulu In the good time of fifteen days.
The doldrums are now shifting around a
bit and vessels from the islands should
make good runs from this on.
"Water Front Notes.
tus Land" of the southern seas. Captain
Jackson says that the population of the
group is looking forward to the advent
of the steamship line and many people
who contemplated going home to France
held over in order to make the . trip on
the Australia. The Tropic Bird In conse
quence brought up only five passengers.
When the Tropic Bird left Papeete the
Grand Duchesse Olga and the City of Pa
peete were still in port. The Olga was
partially dismasted, while on her way
from San Francisco to Cork with a carco
of wheat, and put Into Papeete in dis
tress. She has been Juryrlgged and Cap
tain Jackson says will come back to San
Francisco. The .City of Papeete was on
her way here, but went on the reef just
outside of the harbor and was so badly
damaged that she may never make an
other voyage. Captain and crew were still
awaiting instructions when the Tropic
Bird sailed.
thought of Sabbath desecration, of. per
haps, at the vui-Sunday-llke antics of the
vessel. "We surely can't tish on Sunday.
I think we had better turn back— or turn
In," and seconding the motion," Gotobed
went to bed "and was seen no more. The
two Studaruses, Clarence and Arch, brave
ly got lines out and dropped the bare
hooks ever the side, sending some bait
after them, and then they tied the lines
to the rail and Met the fish do. the rest.
Several more tried to bunko the
fish, but It was only a half-hearted effort,
for, as one man explained from his couch
on a coil of rope, they could not hold their
own. 'ine fish had plenty without hunt
ing for hooks, and the morning's fishing
aroused but little enthusiasm.
SOUGHT FAME AND FISH AND PLEASURE
ON THE SWELLS OF THE HEAVING BAR
CONVINCED that their long resi
dence within sight and smelling
distance of the Sacramento River
had fitted them for a seafaring
life some of the more nautical
of the citizens of Sacramento and vicinity
have formed themselves into a club, and
that they might have an excuse to for
sake their business for the delights of the
uneasy billow they called themselves the
Landlubbers' Deep Sea Fishing Club.
They held together 3trongly until some
venturesome member .suggested that they
go out into blue ¦water and the sugges
tion was acted upon. They went out late
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT TUG SLOCUM, LARGEST VES
SEL OF HER CLASS EVER SEEN ON THE PACIFIC, AND HER
CAPTAIN, GEORGE EVELYN.
Slocum Here in Good Time After
Evading Hurricane at Mpnte
video and Battling the 1~
Elements.
TBOPIC BIRD FROM TAHITI.
Last Tjip of the Well-Known Bark
entine to South Seas.
The barkentlne Tropic Bird arrived from
Papeete yesterday, thus concluding what
will be probably her last trip to the "Lo-
THE United States army transport
tug: Slocum arrived from New
York Saturday night after a fairly
good passage. The run was made
in 54 days 2 hours, actual steaming
time, which Is a good performance con
sidering the size of the vessel.
Owing to her limited coal capacity the
Slocum had to make numerous stops on
the v.-ay. She left New York July 12 and
coaled at St. Thomas on July 20. From
the island of St. Thomas she went to Per
rambuco. where more fuel was taken
aboard and the vessel was got under
way again on Aupust 2. Other stops were
made s.t Montevideo.* Sandy Point, Callao
and Acapulco. the latter port being left
on September 29.
The officers of the Slocum are Captain
K. J. Hampton, quartermaster; Captain
George Evelyn, navigating officer; Chief
Engineer Robert Jennlncs and Chief Offi
cer A. L. Olleridorf. Of these Captain
Hampton is perhaps the best known. He
is an old-time friend of Congressman Bar
ham of California, and during the Span
ish-American war was a correspondent in
Cuba for seme cf the New York dailies.
Chief Baslaeer Robert Jennings was
chief machinist on the plucky littie Glou
cester when that vessel dt-lkd the Spanish
r.avy and the puns of Morro Castle.
"We had a pood run nearly all the way
down ihe Atlantic coast." said Captain
Kvelyn yesterday. "At Montevideo we
were tied up for nearly a work on ac
count of a hurricane, but the first heavy
weather we had to contend with was In
the Straits of Magellan. It took us fifteen
days to make the iVi-mile run, and when
we were not steaming up to our anchor
we were holding our own against a head
wind. We did not get a plimpse of the
Indians or their everlasting Ore. It blew
too hard for the b*-st and biggest canoe
f-vtr iiuilt to live five minutes in the sea
that was running. At Callao we made a
short stop, and then we coaled again at
Acapulco. We came into port making
about sixteen knots <Vn hour."
The Slocum came out .with a patent
bronze wheel. Her towing wheel is made
fast on deck and will be put on as soon
as the vessel is drydocked. With her tow
ing wheel sh6 will not make more than
twelve knots, but then she will .tow the
largest transport in the Government ser
\iee at that speed, while she cannot make
bptter time unencumbered. At the present
time the Slocum is painted black, but as
soon as she has been on the drydock her
colors will' be changed and she will ap
pear as one of the white squadron. The
Slocum will handle all of the United
States army transport vessels in future
when they need moving about the bay
and have no steam in their boilers.
LARGEST TUGBOAT EVER IN PACIFIC
WATERS ARRIVES FROM NEW YORK
CAME FROM SACRAMENTO
FOR A PLEASURE TRIP
AXD WHAT THEY FOUND.
Will Produce "Mikado^"
In Franklin Hall, Flllmore street, near
And no corn, are uned In making- the famous
Anheuser-Busch Brewing- Ass'n brands of beer
for home and club use. There are no others
that equal It. Absolutely pure beer. E. Q.
Lyons Co., San Francisco. Wholesale Dealer.
Barley-Malt and Hops,
'Nash Ferrer, formerly employed by Sul
livan & Doyle, livery men;~Fourth and
Clara streets, surrendered himself to Po
lice Sergeants "Wolf and O'Connor. yester
day, stating that he had Just cut Sullivan
In the face with a pocketknife. Ferrer**
story proved true. Sullivan had his wound
dressed at the Receiving . Hospital and
Ferrer was locked up. . , *
Ftrrer Cut His Employer.
EARLY MORNING FIRE IN
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
Building of Packing and Provision
Company Is Destroyed — Loss
?5O,OOO. ,
An alarm from box 522 early yesterday
morn&ig followed by a repetition fifteen
minutes later, informed the fire depart
ment that its service was needed at South
San Francisco. By the time the nearest
engine arrived at M street and Sixth ave
nue it was quite evident that there" would
be work on hand for some time, as the
big packlnp-house of the'South San Fran
cisco Packing and Provision Company,
composed of Mohr, Nonnemann and oth
ers. In -which there were stored several
tons of cured hams and bacon, had. caught
fire.
Bush, this evening an entertainment In
aid of St. Rose's Academy. 1605 Scott
street, will be given by the St. Dominic's
Junior Choir and Choral Union, . which
will produce the complete opera, of "The
Mikado." Between the acts Tom Greene
of the Tivoli Opera-house. J. F.; Veaco,
Robert Lloyd, Master Richard Beiew and
Miss Gertrude Hopkins will render selec
tions.
John Ford an extraman attached to
Company 2, had his right shoulder dislo
cated by a beam falling: on top of him
as he was working- on one of the side
walls. <-...
The blaze is supposed to have Btarted In
the smokeroom, but- from ¦what cause
could not be ascertained. The greasy na
ture of the contents defied the firemen's
united energies, and the entire building
and contents were reduced to ashes. The
loss amounts to about $50,000. There was
no insurance.
creasing pitch every time the vessel
climbed over a wave and found the hol
low on the other side. The cabin boy«j
seemed to be the only things alive on the
boat and they flitted here and there with
no time to talk to any one. They were
very popular.
The groans seemed to have doubled in
volume until they disturbed the slumbers
of the captain, who came into the cabin
in time to hear the steward call out sud
denly as if at the beginning of a mass
meeting: "Is there a doctor on board?"
"Yes," came a faint chorus, and five heads
peered from as many doprs. "One of the
gentlemen wishes to see a doctor," con
tinued the steward. There was plenty of
medical talent on board, for the club
wished to keep a clean bill of health at
all costs, but none of it was available.
The live physicians held a consultation
and Dr. V. Wesley Carpenter of Wood
land solemnly announced the decision:
"If he needs a doctor any worse than we
do," he said, "let him come hero," and
then the five heads disappeared.
So thoroughly satisfied were the fisher
men with the ocean sunrise and the prom
ise of a beautiful day, that by consent
breakfast went over. A school of fish
made its presence known Just after and
the captain ordered the engines stopped
and the ship cleared for fishing.
"Isn't this Sunday," asked Fred Goto
bed of the Haggln ranch, paling at the
Bubonic Germs Also Found in the
Body of a Seaman Who Died
at Newcastle.
GLASGOW, Oct. 7.— A man who was
brought here from Govan, en the Clyde,
just below Glasgow, 'and received at the
City Hospital on September 20, died there
to-day of the bubonic plague.
. LONDON. Oct. 7.— A bacteriological ex
amination has been made in the case of
the seaman, Garnett, who arrived at New
castle, September 23, on a vessel from the
Rio de la Plata and went to Llandeff,
Wales, where he died last Thursday sup
posedly of fever. The reports show un
mistakably that the disease was bubonic
plague.
ANOTHER DEATH FROM
THE PLAGUE AT GLASGOW
"No; rougher."
"Thank you." said the fisherman. "I — I
think I'll go downstairs now and get to
bed. I — or It will be better to-morrow.
You. may call me in case of any trouble,' 1
and the mate was left to his medita
tions. The decks had grown strangely
deserted and the machinery or the ship's
timbers or something groaned with in-
"Is the bar always as ur.steadv as
tifls?" he asked. "Never less," said the
mate kindly. "It will be a bit better far
ther out, though." •
"You mean smoother?"
It was a gay party that started from
the Capital City Saturday evening. There
was a special car to be attached to the
overland for the club and all arrange
ments had been made in expectation of
a glorious outing, but the first hitch oc
curred when the overland rolled into the
depot on time. It was looked on as a
bad omen. liut the fishermen hail for
gotten this by the time they had reached
the city, and when they snuffed the bilge
water along the front they rolled In their
gait. che\ved tobacco and demanded to
be put aboard "the old tea kettle" at
ence.
It took but a few minutes to get the
club members aboard, but it took some
time longer to get their freight. They
had provided provisions enough for an
orphan asylum and drinkables enough to
float the ship should they get on a gand
spit, for they would not spoil the revelry
out in a thousand fathoms by getting
away with the pood things too soon, and
they had all been guarded In their indul
gences.
It was after 11 o'clock when the Point
Arena pushed her nose out through tha
Golden Gate ar.d bowed to the first long
swell that had come over from China.
Some of the fishermen had turned In;
others were in the main cabin and the
smoking rooms and other! were treading
the deck. One. who owns two rowboais
that ply on the river, was allowed to r-i
on the bridge and talk to the mate on
watch.
Saturday night so as to have a good
day's fishing yesterday at Cordell Ba'nks.
They came back last evening and with
out exercising stopover privileges head
ed straight for Sacramento, where they
went to bed. They chartered the Point
Arena, a coasting steamer. Her captain
says the trip was a great success. The
steward says it was easy. The cabin
boys declare they will strike before they
will work so hard again.
F. M. McKeever, I. G. Shaw. ' Dr. W. J.
Hanna, James E. Beach, Peter Menken, W.
"Woods, L. I. Golden. Harry . Williamson. Dr.
C. L. Megowan. T. W. McAulifTe. Charles
Myers, J. Myers, George Milllken. Chris
Rchmld, W\ II. Treichler. L. R. Jordan, George
Cutter. W. M. Curtis, Dr. F. Wesley Carpenter
of Woodland, Oscar Chalmers, - Fred Ze'Bler.
Robert Hellman. I-ouls Nlcolaus. Luther Weber,
George liurgess, Charles F. Bauer. 8. I. Hop
kins, J. M. Henderson. D. W. Kloppenburg,
Dr. A. McCollum. Dr. R. A. Archibald of Oak
land. H. Davis of Oak Park, Joseph Saunders,
Robert Hanbloome. A. K. Varney. ¦ W. D. Kil
born. J. T. Skelton, Ira Rnble." Wallace Clark.
W. H. Sherburn. G«-or*e Yeerk. r>. Hanraban,
John D. Roger*. Fred Gotobed, Harry Koe
necke, Charles Xunberger, E. S. Klnney. Arch
Studarus. Clarence Studarus. J. B. Hoagland,
Charles A. Palm. S. L. Williamson. Harry Wil
liamson, Dr. E. C. Deuel. I. G. McMullen, Mr.
Harkins. ¦ . ¦¦
The fishermen on the trip were:
The bay seemed like a skating rink to
the homecomers. and by the time the
steamer was ready to dock most of them
were in a condition to say they wished
they could get seasick somehow and see
what it felt like. The others said noth
ing and all hunted the train. That at least
was not rolling:, and they reached Sacra
mento with lots to talk about, but with
more to. tell. A crop of resignations is
expected at the next meeting, with strict
er attention, to business and a conscien
tious scruple ag-ainst Sunday fishing urged
as the reason. The freight of the party
was left with the captain, and when he
expressed his gratitude the president of
the club put his finger significantly on
the captain's lips and said: "Don't men
tion it."
At noon the -steward put his best foot
foremost, and when everything was ready
he took a stalwart cabin boy oft other
duty and sent him around the deck with
the cor.g, but an appeal to the captain
stopped the noise, as unseemly and in
appropriate. The captain sat at the head
of the table while the fishermen made
the watch on deck. .
In the afternoon I the fishing lagged a
little more, and fears that the train would
be missed unless an early start was made
¦were voiced from every quarter, so the
Point Arena was headed homeward
through the swells. She dipped and
pranced as if to please her passengers,
but they thought of the broad Sacra
mento and compared it to the unreliable
character of old ocean, and hoped that
the club would lower the limit on deep
water hereafter so as to include the river
under the railroad bridge at home. There
was no necessity for 100 fathoms so long
as a person could drown in ten feet, it
was reasoned.
Prince, Albert and the Princess, sur
rounded by their suite, stood at the head
of the grand staircase and watched the
school children and the numerous societies
march by, each delegation throwing a
bourju-it at the feet of the Princess.
BRUSSELS. Oct. 7.— Prince Albert of
Belgium and his bride. Duchess Elizabeth
of Bavaria, were received at the town
hall this afternoon. The royal, proces
sion was ¦warmly acclaimed t by the popu
lace. The Socialist members of the
Municipal Council were abaent from the
ceremony.
When it was over the royal couple ap
peared on a balcony facing the . square,
where school children were assembled to
the number of 5000. The latter waved
thousands of Belgian and Bavarian flags,
while the onlookers generally cheered and
waved handkerchiefs. . The children then
sang a patriotic hymn, while the Prince
and Prince3o re^wed them. As the So
cialists kept their promise not to demon
strate In favor of amnesty and universal
suffragL, and as no hostile manifestations
were rrarle. the royal procession went on
foot to the Bourse, where it was received
with great enthusiasm.
Five Thousand School Children, Wav
ing Belgian and Bavarian
Flags, Sing Patriotic
Cheers for Prince Albert of
Belgium and His Bride
at Brussels.
ROYAL COUPLE
IS WELCOMED
BY SUBJECTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 8. 1900.
5
NOTHING BOT~HEADMMIS1
CAMILLE1TARVILLE !
1 TOM NATVN and CO1IPANT.
EDDIE GIRARD and JESSXB OARDMZSI
THE GREAT EVERHART.
¦WILLIS TROITPE.
THREE POIRIERS. BELLE DAVI3,
JULIA KLNGSLET and COMPANY.
THE AMERICAN BI0GRAPH, .
Showing a
Panorama of the Wrecked City
of Galveston
Reserved Peats. !3c: Balcony. 13c: Operst
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
U&Jlr^ T.i£Ana
r
Beginning TO-MGHT.
F. C. W1IITNET and EDWIN KN0WLE3*
I V/rvlVJllliAL* xew Tork Production ot
! Dramatised by Stanislaus Stan<r«.
Stated by Max Krseman.
' Music by Julian ESwar*.
j 1OJV-PEOPLE— 1OO: C— GREAT ACTS— «!
(PRICES 91.50, ?1. Toe. SOc. 25c
ANOTHER GALA GRAXD OPERA WKtX
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NTOHTt
"LUCIA." •
Tuesday, Thursday. Sunday Erenlngs, 8»tTa>»
da>- Matinee.
"THE JEWESS."
Special EnfraKemsrt of th? Great Eassa,
SIGXOR LUCENTI.
Wednesday. •'RIGOLETTO.**
Friday and Saturday Nljfhts, "BARBER OF
SEVILLE."
POPULAR PRICES-^ AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone — Bush •.
ALT. ELLIXOHOrSE. Prop, and Mgr.
Phone South 7T0.
EVETJT EVENING THIS W Ej-^i.
MATINEE SATURDAY
THE -RECORD-BREAK E R !
IIOYT'5 Very Beat Effort
A Texas Steer !
AN ALL-STAR COMPANY!
Frota Iloyt'a Macllson-Sauare Theater. N. T.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
BROADHURSTS BROS.'
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO" -
"Take Off That Hat!"'
POPULAR PRICES:
Evenings 13c, Xc. 35c, K)o and Tfc.
Matinee JSc, tie. 33o and J3c
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUXDAX. t
THIS Evening; the New York Cocaedy Success.
ill 1 rkK\rkajRkJMj I
EVENING PRICES— lOc, 15c. SSo. SOo.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra 73c.
MATINEE PRICES— I Oe. 15c. 23c. 50c
No H!rher
Branch Ticket Office^ — Emporium.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHTt
The Azzali Italian Grand Opera Co.
LA TRAVIATA.
With BARBARESCHI and CASTTTT.I.ANO.
TO-MORROW NIGHT TO-MORROW NIGHT
¦mth TURCONI-ERUNI as "MarsrtieTlte,"
ReDertoire for Balance of the Week
Announced To- Morrow.
Bezinnlnr SUNDAY AFTERNOON— A Farce
Comedy That Is a Farce Comedy!
"A HINDOO HOODOO!" >
With ANNA BOYD. MATT1E LOCKETTE.
GEORGE LARS EN and Twenty Others.
POPULAR PRICES— Night 75c, 50c. 23c.
Matinee SOc, Sc.
LAST WEEK.
WE UNS OF
TENNESSEE
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats by Phone Main 234 Six Days la Advance
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Next Week— "THE CORSICAN BROTHERS.*"
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
AZAV & DELMO, WM. DE BOE. GRAZXEIi
* CALAHAN. JESSIE PADGHA3I. ANNE3
GOLDIE. SMITH & ELLIS. THE LION ACT.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
THE CONGO FAMILY.
AMATEUR NI(jBT, TBDRSDAT.
Telephone for 3»f Park 23.
E«TCpiirD»C CONCERT HOUSE.
Alice Raymond. John Kurkimj. LJElan
Jeanette. Mae Tunlson. Eadora Forde. Oscar
Lienan. Robert Ellis. Antonio Vargas, Harold
Basford and New Movtns Pictures.
Reserved seats. Sc; Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO Q**"¥"HS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlns From 7 a. m. to It p. m.
ADMISSION. 15c CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children. »Oo.
t FAVORITE
SGEIP1I0N
, RWEAKWOMEW.
5i!§i fr^ISISS
Purelv vegetable, mild and reliable. Cau*e
pf-rtcct dlmrsticn. ccmplete absorption and
healthful regularity.
F»r the cure cf all disorder* of the Stomach.
Liter. Dowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Heartache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Drufgiets, or
ty ir.aiL RADWAY & CO.. New Yorfc
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
T'T the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analagoua coniplalnU of ths
Orpans of Generation.
I'rtce 11 a bottle. For eale by <Srug«rlst».
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak m«-n and women f trenp and strong
men and wonvn etr^»?er. Rocms 5 and 6, 47
Pott «t.. San Frant\'o. Cal.
i^\ yviEN
XiM s2r%Q LOST VIGOR
tp& *& Vk RESTORED!
MfW OB. COOPER &G9 M
. THE
PRIVATE COLLECTION
— or a —
PERSIAN KHAN,
Secured by
M. B. MIHRAN,
During His Last Collecting Trip!
Most Beautiful, Original. Antlqua
Direct from the KHAN'S PALACE •
ON EXHIBITION
TUESDAY, October 9th,
Cor. Geary and Stockton.
COMMENCING
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER I Oth.
Dally at 11 a. m. and 2 p. m.
All Interested In Persian Bars should
benefit by this opportunity to study the.
oririnals In fine ru«;». :,•;;¦•,
A: "W. LOUDERBACK. Auctoneer. «
¦ < *t? >S K*4 *' Ointment falls
4.^3 to CUI "e any
•*£ £5 case of *-czerr:ii
Pri<e ZZ cents. All druKSl? ts - or Bent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL. DE
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Lcs Ancles. Cal.
Avis™ OR JORDAN'S txztri'
A Q^ i:aiU22I7K.S«t.6±t7a,S.f.fc!.2 ;
\ Cy^ The Lveest Ar^t.ia:cii Museum in the \ i
Q&%*\ 08-«X'2CAa-P?J¥*TEQ!SSASE&»|
' r 8 tc.wultisjon Jrec irA tin- V,y p-inte. 5 I
G I X*V * C T«in;en V prn,m* t « by 1«t CT . A A :
AP I II gi Wr,tefor Dook. FCIlOM>rBVat A i
"' A I' MAaaiAce. hailed sb.zs. > at ¦¦
? Oil JOBCLVillO. 105'. iIartet8t..S.F. f I
§\1M, MGOR. MTALITYforME^
MOHMOX BISHOPS PILLS
have be«n In use over fifty
y»-urs by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst c^es tn old and young
arising from effects of self-
•buse. dissipation, excesses or
c'sarette-an-.ckjng-. Cures Lest
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses. Ineom-
r.'.a. I'air.s !n Back. E\-ll De*!res. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Ur.fltnesa to Mar-
ry. I>-.--s ..r s»ram, am Varlcocele or Con-
etirsticn. Btopa Ne *^% BM rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. EfTetts ~Z jTl a r e Immediate.
Impart v;pr>r and^' E ''» :r 2»pctency to every
function. Don't r»t de»t>on<1er.t: a cure Is at
hand. Restores sr^all. undeveloped orpans.
Stimulates th* bra'.n and nerve centers; ECc a
box; 6 for K H by rna:!. A written fruarantee to
cure or money re runted with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EI1U
t-t.. Sar. Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO.
U and 40 Third et.
PAINLESS
L^kZu^£?%& Ou* J5.0D Plotes
W&§^?&^ C2. k/lwalsh
B15S CEART STREET
Between Hyde and Larkla.
Tele^hose Polk 1125.
ADVEEXISEME1TT3.'
A bargain in
Fur Capes.
A SPECIAL SALE OF I j.
BALTIG SEAL GAfES- I
one-thirJ less than you
usualiy pay — a deep col-
\ lar ot Ru-.biaa mink — it
has two heads and four
j tails — elegantly lined
and exceptionally well I
made —
14 incfies. . . . $7. 50 1
16 inches $8.50 i
18 inches Siooo
(as per il!ustra"ion.) :
Don't fail to sec the Baltic i
Seal Capes with the astrakan !
yoke — one of the strongest !
values this store Ijas ever offer- >
ed; high storm collars; two
heads and four tails —
14 inches $10.50
16 inches • n.50
18 inches 12.50
The largest fur house in the wirld
—every garment bears our name.
HXiebes
# Company
INCORPORATED _ j !
133-117 P»it/tSF
Pronounced I
the finest product of its
kind on the market. ¦
"Ko-Nut"
¦ A Pure Sterilized Co-
| coanut Fat — never gets
: rancid — twice the ,
: shortening power of |
lard " 1
I For Shortening:
| and Fryihz-
¦ i
I You- G'cc;r has it. Ask him. ;
[ India Refining: Co., !
| Philadelphia. j
Watch Our Advertisement in Next
Thursday's Papers.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Telephone— Grant 33.
The "Sunset" Cocktails we are
oftering to-day carried oft the first
and highest award at the Paris Ex-
position in the shape of the "Gold
Medal." Note our special price on
them below: \ *—
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Bulter, iery bsstCrezmsry, squire 55c
Regularly 60c
Every square guaranteed. J eq. 91.05
Cocktails, "Sunfcl." reg. SI bot 85c
Whisky, Manhattan, Martini, Vermouth
or Gin. .'. i> ..
Door Mats "Super Brush"
A mat of TODerior quality.
!7xl6 30x13 33x10 3«x22
Re? SOc $1 23 $1 40 II 65
Now 75c *1.OO $1.25 glrlS
Writer. "Wood Frame" $1.75
Reff.*J2 30.
We- can recommend it.
Cocja "Suchrd"
Made in Switzerland. Highest sradr.
K lb * !b' 1 lb
Regularly 23c y\: 90c
Xqw SOc 40c i*0e
Cranberries, red ripe, reg. 15c qt iuc
First of the season.
Chatnuis. Ca'ifornii lb 20c
R«g. 25c. Extra fancy. This season's.
lia-nil'.de, "KeHler's" Jar. 20c
Regularly 23c. The genuine imported
Scotch.
Coke's Dandruff Cure to! 35c
Regularly 90c. Positively cures dan-
druff. If not. we refund the money.
Talcuii Powder 3 tins 25c
Lady Jeanette's. Regularly 10c. Softens
and preserves the skin. -^ . :
Listsrine, ' 'Lambert's " large bet 65c
Small bottle SOc
Antiseptic, disinfectant
Ginger. Crysta lized tin bcx 25c
Regularly 30c. New importation.
Malt Breakfast 2 pkis 25c
Most nourishing: and easily digested.
Lavarine, reg. I c ea h 3 pkgs 25c
Makes washing easy.
Soups, Van Camp's 3 cans 25c
Reg. 10c can. 14 different kinds.
Pabst Mat Extract, reg. 25c bot 20c
Re?. %2 50 dozen, $2.15. "The Best
Tonic" for invalids and convalescents.
Claret, a good table win] gal 35c
Reg. 50c. Warranted to keep in bottles.
Cigars, "El Prado" Special
Clear Havana Key West, large size;
made of the new Vuelta Abajo crop,
which is finer than for many years past.
Reg. 12Hc For this week lOc each;
box of SO, 95.
New Goads Arrived—
Fancy Cluster Table Raisins.
Paper Shell Almonds and Walnuts.
California Chestnuts.
California Stuffed Prunes.
Country buyers are entitled to
these special prices and their orders
given prompt attention. . -
jg§SS$*Sb£^ I W *H guarantee
/•jKJ^guiA^viA, ure W 'H relieve lum-
fcjgf ba.so. sciatica, and all
3&231 rheumatic pains in
fa fl£**tfr£t5r two or t^ lree hoars,
W Bni * wie in a few
\ aJ ' MUNTON.
/w^Tyvy At all draygists,
JR'fikwP^A 25c - a rial. Guide
to Health and medl-
M I W* cal advice free.
r i» .. •': 1500 Arch st., PhUa.
DR, PYERS & CO,
Consultation
'^NHp^ 75/ Market st "
V'AJ^k* - San Francisco.
EYE = GLASSES
That hold without pinching.
OPERA-GLASSES
Of high power at low price*.
PHOTOCRAPHIC OUTFITS
For 80 cents and upwards.
Developing; and Printing;
* Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing-. Phone. Main 10.
OPTICIANS r^oTOG^^,^ 05 -
642 Market 5t. instruments
ur*D£R CHRon;ci.t Bj'tDiNC. CATALOGUE TREE.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best erldence of the popularity of
there hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of those who on soxn* previous
occasion have made them their head-
quarters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plan.
Bf tcrMui k \d. 'tfvi Ing fey
m f^ J 1 13 Bm 1L^KJ^3k flu t^S \ m
¦ 1 I Ed &2M Era Bfl jB 7f*36 gjSailed Oct 7-Schr Vine, for Mollendo. '
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Lakme, bence
Oct 6; stmr South Coast, hence Oct 5.
Sailed Oct 7 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Iaqua, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 8 — Stmr Del None,
hence Oct 4.
Palled Oct 7, at 8 a m— Stmr Del Norte. for
Aftorla. «
PORT H A DLOCK— Arrived Oct 7— Schr J ii
Weaiherwas, from Honolulu; schr G W Wat
son, (rcm Port Tovnsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONO KONG— Arrived prior, to Oct 6— Stmr
China, hence Sept 6. Oct 7 — Ship Mary L Cush
ine, from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON - Sailed Oct 7 - Stmr
Deutschland. from Bremen, for New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr AUer. frxn
New York. '
ANTWERP- Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Noordland.
from New York. ,
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 7-Strar Lujanla,
from Liverpool.- for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct »— Stmr Etrurla.
from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr La. Tou
ralne, from Havre. •
Br ship County of Edinburgh, from Yokohama',
Ger ship Altalr,' from San Diego.
Sailed Oct 7— Dr Btmr Braemer, for Yoko
hama; Ger stmr Eva, for Hongkong; Ital bark
Ell*a, for Queenstown.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Sequoia.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Balled Oct 6 — Stmr Anchorla, In lower bay on
account of dense fog, and proceeded this morn
ing. Oct 7— Stmr Campania, for Queenstown
and Liverpool; stmr Pennsylvania, for Ply
mouth, Cherbourg and Hamburg: stmr Ethio
pia, for MovlIIe and Glasgow; stmr Ems, for
Gibraltar, Genoa and Naples.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
6nn<J»y. October 7.
Stmr Ehellkcf, Ellison, IS hours from Point
lEBOMlHn tug Relief returned from
\ Point An>tia yc-FU-rfiay with the
| Pacif.c Sfaxn Whaling Company's
Jj[ Jcanle In tow. It will be reniem
b^ied that th*> Jeanie left h^re
early last week, for Comox, D. C. to load
real, but during » denpe foi? 'went ashore
an a reef outride of Point Arena. The
Dcean swell carried her over the reof and
Into smooth water. Later nn attempt was
made toy the tug- Rescue to pet her off.
but it failed. Then the Shellkoff was pent
horth by the Whaling Company, and after
$ome maneuvering: the Jeanie was got into
ie^p ¦water or.ee n*:aln. After a night's
rest the Shelikoff took hold of her and
brought her to San Francisco. ..- * V
As far as can be learned the Jeanie has
cnly lost her rudder and rudder-post. She
Is not leaking-, and to the landsman's eye
iof.a not look any different from what she
21d on leaving port. She will go on to the
L'nlon Iron Works drydock to-day and
receive a thoroueh overhauling.
TCor Btmr Tltanla, Kgenes. Xnnaimo.
Fhfj< Berlin. Bennett. Tacoma.
Hark Edward May. Hanson. Honolulu.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen. Stewart*
Pc^nt.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 7, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V, velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Portland, for
Nome: Btmr J S Klmball, for Nome; stmr Alli
ance, fcr San Francisco.
WKSTPOHT— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Navarro,
hence Oct 5.
HARDY CREEK-Arrlved Oct e-Stmr Sunol,
henc«» Oct 2.
I'ORT ANGELES— Cleared Oct 7— Ship A J
Fuller, for Chemalnus.
POKT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 7— Ship
Yosemlte, from Kahulul.
Passed In Oct 7— Schr Ludlow, from San
Pedro, for Port Blakeley.
Arrived Oct 7— Schr Maria E Smith, hence
Sept 24.
KaJIed Oct 7— Bark Carondelet. from Tacoma,
for Valparaiso: Chll bark Sulltelma, for Chile.
HAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct &-Bktn North
west, f rcm Tacoma. ' **¦'
; Sailed Oct 7— Schr Marlon, for Puget Sound.
OKAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 7— Schr Gem,
for San Francisco; schr Katlua, for Noumea. -
Arrived Oct 7— Schr San Buenaventura, hence
Bept 20; stmr Grace Dollar, hence, Oct 4; echr
Ea Glronde. from Pan Pedro. • ¦
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 7— Fr' ship Europe,
from Grlmsby; Ger ship Nomia. from Klaocbau;
t^tmr Jeanle. MaFon, 16 hours from Point
Ar«-na. in tow of fimr Shclikof.
Simr National City, IK-ttrncrs, 15 hours from
Fert Unit:.
Stmr Greenwood. Faeerlund. 1Z hours from
Gr< *nv.cH>d.
Ptinr Aroata. Xe'.Fon. E7 hours from Coos Bay.
f-trr.r Xcwburg, Peterson, 41 hours from San
Pf'lro. \
Htmr Homer, Donaldson. 45 hours from San
Pe<lro.
Stn-.r State of California, Thomas. Ca hours
from P.-rtland. via Astoria 43 hours.
Ftmr Geo 1/Oomls, Bridectt. 43 hour* from
San IVdro.
Stmi Glo?y. Leland, 27 hours from Moss
Lanilln^. •
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie, 4'4 hours fro«n
Amwiwrt.
Stmr Cr**cent City, Stockfleth, 30 hours from
Crescent City.
Tug Liberty, Hansen, 24 hours from Port
Harford. y
Br ehio Jamn Kerr, Powles. 79 days from
Xewcactl*. KSK.
Schr Newark. Beck, 14 hours from Howens
lAndlnr.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 9 hours from Bodega.
Barire Santa Paula. N'lelsen. hours from
Ventura, In tow of tus Kescue.
SAILED. *
Sunday, October 7.
U S Etmr, Ranger, Field, .
Btmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymaa.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg. *
TO EAIU
STEAMER JEANIE THAT WENT ON THE ROCKS OFF POINT ARENA BACK IN PORT ONCE MORE
MONDAY. OCTOBER S.
Sun rUes *:11
Sun sets o:iZ
Moon rises <full) 0:00 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 7.— The season at
Schuetzen Park closed to-day, a largo
crowd was In attendance and enjoyed the
pleasant weather. Several clubs shot and
some good work was done at the targets.'
Members of the California
Club.
Eanges Were Well Occupied by the
launch McXelll to tow them to their
moorings. The tide being a very low one,
there was but little water in Tiburon
Cove, so that some of the larger boats
ran aground to await the rising of the
tide. Nearly all the yachts had large
parties on board and all passed a pleasant
day.
CSTTACrtTtf rTDCVC AT
SCBTTJETZEN PA2RK
Second class — A. Gehret. 207-i*>5: G. Tarn
meyer. 205; Captain F. Attlnger, 202-196;
A. Hampel. 1S6-1S9; A. Jungu.ut. 191-190;
F. Jones, 189-1S5; R. Stettin, 1S3-181; C. J.
Walden, 200-191; E. Woenne. 176; R. Fink
ing, 175-165: L. C. Babln. 152. '
Third class— J. C. Waller. 197-1S1; F. A.
Schrumpf, 1S7-176: C. H. Sagehorn. 151-143;
F. C. Hagerup, 164-135; N. Reubold, 135.
First class— C. M. Henderson. 216-212.
Second champion class — O. Bremer, 218
209; D. B. Faktor, 210-204; C. Mayer. 189
166; T. J. Carroll, 197-181; W. Ehrenpfort,
165-157.
First champion class— D. W. McLaugh •
lln. 222-213; A. Strecker, 222; E. P. Schus
ter. 210-216.
Tn addition to the club shooting Adam
Brehm gave a'special shoot, wherein the
first prize -went to the man making the
best score and the second to the marks
man making the lowest.
The shooting in the California Schuet
zrn Club section was as follows:
Red Branch Rifles in Sham Battle.
The Knights of the Red Branch Rifles,
sixty-five strong, assembled for drill un
der Captain Murphy and Lieutenants Mel
lott and KUcamede at Ingleside coursing
grounds yesterday. The company fell in
promptly at 11 a. m., and with but few in
termissions, for hardtack and coffee
drilled till 5 p. m. At 4:30 each man was
furnished with fifteen rounds of blank
ammunition. Lieutenant Mellntt with
twenty men was sent to occupy the slope
of the hill north of the ground and repre
sent the Boers at Colenso. Captain Mur
phy with fortyjfive men. representing the
British, assaulted Mellott furiously but
had to retreat, leaving Privates M Hes
sion. McGuirk, Kelly and O'Neill on the
field. —
Fourth class— J. T. Peck. 143.
Cadet class— W. Woenne, 107-102.
CORINTHIANS TAKE TO LAND SPORT S RIFLEMEN GATHER ON THE RANGES
AXAMEDA WINS 3Y
NARROW MARGIN
The last match on the schedule of tho
California Cricket Association for the sra
eon of 1900 was played yesterday at Ala
meda between th*; Pacific and Alameda
teams, the latter winning in the first
Inning by th* narrow margin of three
runs. Thouph A. W. Wilding, going in
first, carried his bat through the Inning
for thirty-one runs, the rest of the Pa
cific team were able to complete only
thirteen runs, the total score beihg forty-
Fix. The Alamoda team did very little
better, six wickets falling for ten run«,
and, had not Fortmann come to the res
cue with twonty-four. the score of the
blue and white would have fallen short
of the small Pacific total. As it was 'he
Alamedas managed to put together forty
nine runs. The Pacifies on their second
attempt scored thirty-five runs for six
wickets, H. Casidy and Bert Theobald he-
Ing not out when the Inning eloped In
the second Inning for Alameda H. Bird
scored SO, V. Seebrck 25 and F. Stahl 15
The score reached a total of 103 for nine
wickets. R. B. Hogue not going to bat and
G. J. Baugh bo-ing absent.
AI^ARGE fleet of Corinthian yachts
lay at anchor yesterday In Co
rinthian Cove, Four or five boats
had sailed up on Saturday even-
Ing, but the rest cruised yes
terday from Tiburon. The following
boats composed the fleet: The flagship
May, the schooner Maslc, the yawls
Arcturus. Spray and Seven Bells; the
slocps Nixie. Harpoon. Speedwell. Kdna,
Emma. Diana. Aeolus? Presto, Nereus.
Truant, Emille, Clara, Merope, rheonlcia,
Cupid, Snns Coucl, Halcyon and Josie,
The launch Augusta of the California
Yacht Club, Percy Burr's launch and the
Xnrwood and McXeill were also on hand.
Going ashore, the yachtsmen about noon
began their annual game of baseball, #ne
team beirftj captained by "Keegan"
Schober and the other by "Jack" Short.
The "Keegans" were the following: D.
Dean. H. Johns. E. V. Sagar, E. Bowes,
J. V. O'Brien. J. H. Brlckell, L. Harris, R
R. l'Hommedieu, J. O"Brlen and F. E.
Schober. Short's nine, strange to say.
consisted of the following eleven men:
George .Tames. F. AV. Thompson, J. C.
Brickwell, IT. W. Westerfeld. T. J.
Kavanaugh. W. C. Howe, J. Curtis, C. S.
Curtis, J. Short. Ed Smith and Haw
kins. Port Captain J. H. Keefe umpired
the game In a highly original and divert
ing manner, ultimately declaring the
Bcore to be all even with five runs for
each side.- After the game the players
gathered round the luncheon tables and
beer kegs, their exertions and the heat of
the day • having supplied them with
mighty thirst and equal appetites.
In the morning there was a light breeze,
just sufficient to carry the boats up to
the rendezvous, but on the return trip the
wind died out almost to a flat calm, so
that the yachts which left the cove last
were compelled to call in the aid of the
At the San Krancisco handball courts
yesterday afternoon the following scores
were made:
T. Serres and M. Dillon 21 20 21
G. Hutchlnson and P. Kelly IS 21 13.
T. Serres and J. Brnyer 21 21 Zt
"W. Johnson and F. Smith 20 11 17
W. Williams and D. Connelly 21 21 21
E. McGinty and P. Hutchlnson 1» 10 12
L. Waterman and J. R. Iiockman... 21 13 21
E. McDonough and E. Lynch 1; 21 15
B. Eteheverry and n. Narbatz «"> aces
J. Errecorto and M. Etoherverry IS acea
A. Tavaree and C. Lakin 21 21 21
C. Smith and P. Munz 13 IS 17
Tt. Hausman and W. Stapff 21 13 •!
W\ Masulre and E. McC.inty 16 21 17
J. Harlow and M. Baaeh 2t 17 21
E. Curley and K. K-gH 13 21 13
E. White and J. Glynn 21 21 21
J. Klllian and C. Lakln... 13 13 U
J. White and J. O>!Iins 21 n 21
J. Riordcn and It Unehan 17 u 20
Handball Games.
¦Revolver. Twist medal — C. M. Daisa C0-
SS-SS-oa-e^S-oS-^-fG-iS: 573 for IOO shots;
F. O. Young 52-58-63-57.
22 and 25 caliber rifle, fifty yards— Mrs.
Waltham 24-20-54-36. Ed Hovey 23. P.
Becker 26-27-28-23-27, E. A. Allen 43-43
44-53. , •
Record scores— J. R. Trego, revolver, 73.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
shoot to-day at Harbor View drew a good
attendance. Some fine shooting was done.
C. M. Daiss fired 1M shots with the re
volver and averaged a 5.7S inch ring, or
5TS points, which will stand as the 100
shot revolver record on the Columbia
target. Daiss led the revolver and Mrs.
C. F. Waltham lead all on the 22-caliber
rifle at fifty yard?. F. O. Young lead witn
pistol and rifle.
Scores on Columbia target:
Class medals, ride experts— F. O. Toun.5
49, Sharpshooters not tilled: marksmen,
Mrs. C. F. Waltham 111. Dr. Twist 124.
Pistol, class medals — F. O. Young 55, C.
M. Daiss 63.
Sharpshooters— Dr. Twist 74.
Marksmen— Mrs. Waltham S3, E. A.
Allen 90.
All comers, medals; rifle; 200 yards — F. O.
Young 13-50-54-." «5. A. B. Dorrell 60. Ed
Hovey S2, Mr. Milroy 201.
Pistol, fifty yards— F. 0. Toun? 41-50
53-54-55, Dr. Twist 51-64, P. Becker
60-61-58.
REVOLVER EXPERTS
SHOOT FOB RECORDS
George Foulkes won the im-dal glvpn by
Secretary Horace Smvthe for th« mem
ber making the greatest Improvement
during the erason. but h<> was closely
propscd by R-othrrtnn. who was less tha ; i
1 p«-r cent behind. Thr- Lore casting med
al was won by A. K. Lovett. who wa.«
high man for the season in both the Sat
urday and Sunday contests.
The last meet o.* the San Francisco Fly
Casting Club for the season of 19 iO took
rlace yesterday afternoon at Stow Lake.
The winners of the Saturday contest cast
off with the winners of the Sunday con
trst to determine who should be entitled
to the medals. In cases where a partici
pant had won on both Saturday and Sun
day In a given class no contest was ncces
eary.
In the distance event, chamrfonsnip
class, the contest was between L»v*»tt an 1
Ooleher. the latter winning. Distance,
first class, medal winner. Herman Mu!
ler. In the distance event, second class,
H. Battu cast off with Dr. Brooke*, tho
latter winning the trophy. Accuracy.
championship class, the medal winner
wap \V. D. Mansfield. In the accuracy,
first class event. Haight cast off wiih
Evercli. The latter winning. Delicacy,
championship class, ihe medal winner
was \V. D. Mansfield. In the deiioaev.
first <-l:>« evf-nt. Battu and Brothorton
cast ntt. Hattu winning
Competitions at Stow
Lake.
Awards Are Made After the Final
FLYCASTERS RECEIVE
THEIR PRIZE MEDALS
An. r. bh. sn. ro. a. e.
Rrr>cl<hnfr. p. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
HildebranO. r. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Srhwartz. 2b 4 0 2 1 4 1 f>
Pabst. lb 4 0 114 0 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 fi 2 0
I>evy, I. f 4 0 0 0 2 10
Km*. ». s 4 0 3 0 2 11
Reilly, 3b 4 0 10 2 0 0
Fitzpatrick, p 3 0 0 0 13 0
Totals 34 0 8 2 24 8 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Pevereiiux. p 4 1 1 0 2 1 0
Sheehan. 3b 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Stanley, c 2 0 0 0 3 0 0
ICapan. s. s 3 O 1 ' 0 2 3 0
Doyle, r. f ..3 0 0 1 2 1 0
Mclaughlin, 1. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Hanlon, lb 2 0 0 0 9 0 0
Hushes, c. f 3' 0 1 0 0 0 0
Stultz, 2b 2 0 10 3 3 0
Totals 23 1 4 1 27 10 0
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco! 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
SAX FRANCISCO.
From a baseball standpoint the morning
game at Oakland was technically of the
champion order. In the first inning Dever
eaux made a two-bagger, advanced a base
on Krug's error, the only one of the game,
and scored on an out.
, At all lilies the playing was close, sci
entific and snappy. San Francisco found
Devereaux eight times, but luck was
.against thorn and they. failed to connect
with the plate on tho return. Fitzpatrick
pitched excellent ball, giving only four
hits to his opponents.
The score:
Sacramento 1, San Francisco 0.
MORNING GAME.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 2. TwD-base hits
— Hildfbrand 2. RrlUy. Schwartz. Doyle. First
bas-<> on errors — Sacramento 5. San Francisco 7.
First base on called halls — Sacramento 9. San
Francisco 1. Left on bases — Sacramento 10, San
Francisco 9. ' Struck out— By Hughes 2, by
Doyle 4. by Fltzpatrlek 4, by Knell 2. Hit hy
pltchor— Eagan, L**vy. Double play — Stultz
unassisted. Passed b,all— Stanley. Wild pitch —
I^oy lo. Tiro© of u ~2 hours* n n »1 50 minutes.
Umpire— Jim McDonald. Official Scorrr— J. \V,
Staoleton: . . ->. ' • I
SUMMARY.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0520010 1—9
Ba?p hits 0 0 4 3 0 0 11 2— U
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 115 0 3— 10
Base hits 1 0 *0 0 2 1 5 0 3—12
Stockton Wins First Match. Oakland
the Second.
STOCKTON*, Oct. 7.— One game In
Stockton's favor by a score of 11 to 7 and
a called game on account of darkness*
with the score 3 to 1 in favor, of the visit
ors, is the result of the two games be
tween Stockton and OaMand to-day. Mos
kiman was put out of the game and out
of the grounds and fined $15 for disputing
the umpire's decision. Most of the Oak
land players were fined. The feature of
the second game was the delay practiced
by the visitors after they were . In the
lead. The scores are:
. First came:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f 5 14 17 10
MoCucken, c. f 5 2 1 0 1 0 t>
Moore. 3b 3 2 2 0 6 1 2
Streih. lb 4 110 7 10
Mrllale. r. f. &2b... 5 13 112 0
Graham, c 4 110 3 2 1
Habbitt. p». & p 4 1 0 0 1» 2 1
Courtney, 2b 3 1 2 0 1 1 0
Johnson, p. & r. f 4 1 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 37 11 14 2 27 11 4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f 3 1 0 0 2 0 o
Hutcbinson. lb 4 1 O 0 13 11
Francks. ss 5 12 0 2 3 0
Arrellanes, 2b 5 0 0 0 0 2 0
Mosklinan, p 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
Held. r. f. & p 3 1112 3 0
I»hman, c 2 10 0 4 10
nowman. 1. f 2 1 0 0 1 0 O
Kelly. 3b ~.. 2 110 12 1
Hardte. r. f .\ 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 30 7 4 1 27 14 2
RUNS AND HITS BY/ INNINGS.
Stockton 1 0 0 10 6 0 2 1—11
Dnse hits.... 2 0 12 15 0 2 1-14
Oakland ! 0 0010040 2—7
Base hits 0 0010020 1— 4
GAMES AT STOCKTON.
T«n-ba(>c hits — Devereaux. Knur. First base
on errors— Sacramento 1. First base on called
balls— San Kranclsco 2, Sacramento 2. Left on
bases— San Francisco 8. Sacramento 3. Struck
out— By Fitzpatrlck 5. by Ilevereaux 2. Hit by
pitcher— Stanley. Double play — Fitzpatrick to
I»abyt. Time of game— 1:35. Vmplre— J. Mc-
Donald. Official scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
Base hits .".. 00011221 1—8
Sacramento .....*, 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 •— 1
Base hits 10011001 •— i
SUMMARY.
AB. P- nil. SB. PO. A. E.
Pevereaux. 3 b 5 10 112 0
Pheehan. c. f 6 3 3 1 1 1 1
Stanley, c H 1 2 1 7 0 0
Eapan, s. s 5 0 0 0 1 2 4
Doyle, r. f. and p\-- 6 13 0 12 0
McLaughlin. 1. f 2 0 2 1 1 0 •' 1
Hanlon. I b 5 1 1 0 12 n 0
Huphf-s, p. and r. f-.3 1 0 10 1 I
Stultz, : b 2 10 12 11
Totals 49 9 11 8 »26 9 8
?Two outs when winning run was made.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hrockhoff. c. f 5 1113 10
Hllderbrand, r. f....5 2 3 0 1 0 0
Schwartz. 2 b 5 2,2 1 3 3 0
Pabst. 1 b 5 1 0 1 7 2 ]
Sullivan, c 5 0 0 0 6 2 2
Levy, 1. f 3 2 10 10 0
Krusr, «. s< 5 1 2 0 3 2 0
Reilly. 3 b 5 1 2 0 2 2 5
Fitzpatrick, p 10 0 0 0 10
Knell, p 4 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 43 10 12 3 »:6 13 8
*Basan out on foul strike.
run ¦was made, that of Pabst's on Sulli
van's hit. Even Levy got a hit this inn-
Ing, but the symposium ended when Krug
flew to McLaughlln.
In the ninth Sacramento added a run,
Sheehan scoring on Reilly's erratic throw
ing to first. Then came the deluge of ex
citement, spasm the second. Doyle was re
sponsible for the first, Hughes for the sec
ond. With Levy and Krug ornamenting
first and second bases Reilly stepped to
the plate. Schwartz had already' scored on
a two-bagger, a passed ball and Sullivan's
out. Pabst had failed to connect with
three good ones. The score was 9 to 8 and
two men dead.
The setting sun poured its rays full In
the eyes of the batter, so Relay borrowed
a hat for a shade. But this would not
do. so he struck with one hand, using the
other as a protection *from the annoying
light. The players were as full of excite
ment ax the spectators. All sorts of ad
vice came from the men on the bench to
Reilly as he stood, one hand over his
eyes, the other grasping the bat. He hit
the ball to Eagan. who fumbled, and the
baes were crowded.
Would Knell save or win the gamp?
Like a streak the ball left his bat, travel
ing in Eagan's direction. All started
around the bags. It was Eagan's plav to
stave Reilly .off at second. He tried it,
but Reilly slid along the ground, beating
the ball hy an instant. Levy and Krug
had scored and the game was over:
The score:
SACRAMENTO.
SNAP SHOTS OF THE DIAMOND SCRAPERS WHO HAVE JUST FINISHED A SERIES OF THREE BASEBALL
GAMES FOR THE LEADERSHIP OF THE CALIFORNIA BASEBALL LEAGUE, WHICH STILL REMAINS
WITH THE TEAM FROM THE CAPITAL CITY.
Wiih the Scoreboard denoting 8 to 2 In
favor of Sacramento. Kan Francisco came
to bat in the seventh inning. which
.Changed despair to happy hope. Krug
reached tho first station on one of Eagan's
errors and was sunning himself when
Itc-illy caught the spheroid just where the
spring lies. Between center and right,
clean to the fence, went the ball, while
Krug new around the bags. At third his
bag course was Interrupted by the stupid
coaching of Knell, and Broekhoff and the
German of .ill the Germans, died between
third and the nlato ami<1 the execrations
of the raving public. Then Knell took
to the willow and was justly placed In tho
morgue. After this the fireworks were set
off. Brockhoff hit safely. Relily scoring.
Hildebrand repeated the good, work with
tho sti^k and when Schwartz rolled the
ball to loft field Brockhoff and Hilde.brand
stamped on the plate. "Sure-hitter"
Pahst tried his right-field swat and the
ball w»-nt close to the<fence, dropping out
of Hughes' fistf. Schwartz touched the
rubber and Pabst stopped in his mad bag
career at the midway nolnt. One more
With the poignant memories of the
morning game. 1—0, in favor of the Sen
ators, the eighteen diamond cavorters
started to produce just such another ex
hibition. They fell short of it In the
third, when, the swatters from the Capi
tal City selected ripe fruit from Fireman
Fltz's basket and plastered It all over the
field. Sullivan, steady Jim. fell at this
juncture, prolonging the inning by drop
ping ine ball when t'nele Henry wanted
him to hold it most of all. Twice he
failed to tag men out at the plate after
the local fielders had made pretty throws.
If Sullivan was bad. '"Josh" Reilly was
several shades worse. The hall rKjored
out of Rtillys hands like water through
a sieve. Five times did he puncture the
baseball code of ethics, and with telling
force. Senator Eagan was the arch of
fender for Sacramento. He and Reilly
made a team.
Both San Francisco and Sacramento
used two pitchers. Fitzpatrlck started
for the locals and Doyle for the Senators.
After a hammering in the third and
fourth Innings, which meant no less than
seven runs for the visitors. Harris lis
tened to th'e crowd and changed "box
men," Knell stepping upon the Blab.
Fireman Fitz twirled in the morning
game at Oakland, and so admirably did
he do hi? work that Harris tried him
again in the afternoon. Doyle was In fine
fettle until the seventh, •when he too was
treated to the mace. The boy at tho score
board changed the figure against San
Francisco at the end of this inning front
2 to 7. Sacramento read 8. Then Hughes
was called in from right field and set to
swinging his arm In the pitcher's box.
"It's all over now." yelled a Sacramento
fan. But hereckoned in advance, and the
ninth found Hughes as vulnerable as
Achilles' heel.
Even the old "halcyon days" gave
nothing of baseball rapture comparable
with that of yesterday. Two occasions
offered opportunities for fanatic delirium
—the seventh inning when the local team
pulled itself out of a slough of seemingly
irreparable defeat and the ninth when It
clinched the victory in a manner equally
as sensational. Errors and hits generated
runs yesterday afternoon. Both teams
won and lost the game several distinct
times. This it was that made the game
£o intensely exciting and carried the
crowd right off its feet.
UNDER the microscope the cul
minating baseball game of the
series between San ¦ Francisco
and Sacramento, played yester
day afternoon on the Recreation
grounds, presents many flaws. But such
was its nature that not one of the SOOQ
people that packed the place like two sar
dines for every one In a box had a
thought of the technical value of the
game.
All was unbridled, crackling, explosive
enthusiasm. The ninth Inning was neces
sary to make the local team the winner,
and while victory was In process the ulu
lating crowd, rhaklng with the fever of
excitement, rose as one person, forgetting
that there was such a thing as a seat In
the grand stand or the bleachers. In the
boxes chairs were used to wave and beat
a material demonstration to the surging
emotions within the breasts of the
fanatics. Hats were used for any other
purpose than head covering and many a
shoulder is sore to-day from the beating
administered by the man in the row back.
Big Excitement
local
Victory.
BaseUall Contest
That Is Full of
Spasms.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. Oct. 7.— Umpire Emslle
called the game in the seventh to-day on ac
count or darkness. He was nearly mobbed for
(loins so. Fully half an hour after the game
was called the sun was shining, and it was
Just as bright as when the garni" commenced.
Timely hltx by Williams and O'Connor won
the came for Pittsburgh Attendance 3C0O.
Score :
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 9 2
rittsbur* 3 8 1
natterler — Young and Criger; PhllHpt and
O'Conror. Umpire — Emslle.
CHICAGO. Oct. 7.— The first game was an
exciting and sharply played article of ball,
Chicago winning: out In the ninth on two gifts.
a paoriflce and a hit.
' Cincinnati took the pecond by pounding
Hughes all over the field. Attendance 2S00.
Score— First- same:
Clubs— n. H. E.
Chicago 4 11 0
Cincinnati 3 7 1
Battfries— Garvln and Donahue; Breitensteln
and Kahne. Umpire— O'Day.
Second game-
Clubs— R. n. e.
Chicago 2 5 1
Cincinnati 7 It 1
Called at end of sixth innings— darkness.
Batteries— Hughes and Donahue; Newton and
Kahoe. Umpire— O'Day.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Prt.
Brooklyn Rl 52 .609 Clflcago M 70 .47S
PlttFburg ...75 58 .564 St. Louis 62 73 .4S3
FhiladelpMa.71 «3 .S-V» Cincinnati ..&> 75 .444
Boston 63 69 .455'New York...5S 77 .130
the Son Is Shining.
Calls the Game for Darkness When
UMPIRE NEARLY MOBBED.
MARYSVILLE. Oct. 7.— At Gridley be
fore a vast assemblage of baseball enthu
siasts the Marysvllle team defeated the
Grldleyltes by a score of 15 to 14. Colu^a
now loads the Northern California league
by two games. Marysvllle Is second In
the race.
SAX RAFAEL. Oct. 7.— The Alamedas
to-day beat the San Rafael baseball nine
by a score of S to 4. The local team has
been temporarily weakened by the loss of
several- Rood men. Pitcher Lltchtenberg
sprained his ankle some weeks ago.
Minor Baseball Games.
COL.USA, Oct. 7.—Colusa defeated Oro
ville to-day by a score of 3 to 0.
Runs responsible for — Johnson 3. Mosklman 3,
Held 3. Two-base hits— McCarthy. McGucken,
Held. Kelly. Francks. Sacrifice hits— Graham.
Moore. Streib. Hit by pitcher— Lohtnan. Bow
man. Double plays— McCarthy to Courtney.
Strelb to Moore. FlrH base on errors— Oakland
2. Base on balls— Off Johnson 7. oft Mosklman
3. oft Held 3. • Struck out— By Johnson 1. by
Babbitt 2. by Mosklman 2. by Held 1- "Wild
Ditches— Johnson 2. , Passed balls— Graham 1.
Lohman 1. "Slme of game— 2 hours 37 minutes.
Umpire— Hugh Smith. Scorer— A. H. Harlln.
Second same:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
McGucken. c. t 3 0 0 110 0
Moore. 3b 0 0 0 0 1 1 1
Strelb. lb 2 0 0 0 8 0 0
McHale, r. f 2 0 0 0 10 0
Graham, c 2 10 13X0
Babbitt, as 2 0 0 0 J 0 0
Courtney. 2b.. ....'.... 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
Harper, p 10 10 0 4 0
Totals 17 1 1 3 1) 3 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB*PO. A. E.
Drennan, e. f 3 0 1 0 S 0 0
Hutchlnson. lb J 1 1 0 7 0 2
Francks, ss 2 110 4 3 0
Arrellanes. 2b 10 0 0 13 0
Borchers. p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Held. r. t 2 0 0 110 0
Man&ertna. c 2 0 10 3 0 0
Bowman. 1. f 3 110 0 0 0.
Kelly, 3b 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 21 3 5 1 »19 7 2
•One man out when game was called.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0 0 0 10 0—1
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 1—1
Oakland u 2 10 0 0 0—3
Base hits 1 2 10 0 1—5
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hits— Moore. Harper, Arrellanes 2.
Francks. First base on errors— Stockton 1,
Oakland 2. Left on bases— Stockton Ml Oak
land 5. Double play— Francks to Hutchinson.
Base on balls— Off Harper 2. off Borchers 9.
Struck out — By Harper 3. by Borchers 3. Time
of game— 1 hour and 20 minutes. Umpire— Hugh
Smith. Scorer— A. H. Harlln.
SUMMARY.
No Change in the
Standing of •
Leaders.
Morning Game
Scientific and
Gingery.
FANATICS BECOME DELIRIOUS WHEN
LOCAL TEAM WINS IN NINTH INNING
! 1
O'Shea Bros.* Toun? America proved
himself the fastest hound In the stake at
San Mateo Park yesterday. In the de
ciding course he beat Lundin Links eas
ily. The day's features were the strong
running hares and the landing- of unlock
ed for short ends at good odds. Lovlna
looked a sure thing for the talent, but
Commodore N'afh put up a fast go and
trot the Sag through his display of speed
and cleverness, ihough 6 to 1 was quoted
against his chances.
Martha Washington figrured an outsider
against Lady Davenport, but she demon
strated to the wise ones that coursing has
its ins and outs by beating her opponent
pointless. Five to one could be had
against the winner. She went out to Lun
din Links In a close score in the next
round.
Kanaka made the came interesting. lie
had all kinds of speed and also a habit of
¦winning at good odds. In the second
round ne beat Erin's Hope pointless, and
followed by a clever win from Jinsle
Bells, a £ to 3 favorite, after an unde
cided.
Theron. who had shown much speed.
Tras th»» next opponent, and though a 6 to
1 favorite failed to score a point against
Kanaka. The youngster next went
against Sylvanus and took his measure
In an exciting course. The hare beat the
dogs to the escape, but refused to go In
and made another circuit of the lot,
erentuallygettlng away. The course last- '.
ed the limit. Sylvanus was a 2 to 1 favor- ,
ite, but faUed to ecore.
Lundin Links made his prize showing
and laid up money for his backers.
The results and the official scores of
Judge Andrew Dean follow:
Paa Mateo Park, ©pen stake, second round —
I*>we & Thoirj-son's Prince Hal beat A. John- i
eon's Vod Ploan, 3-0; J. R. Smith's Sylvanus j
beat A. Johnson's Lowlander. 4-3; Joe Perry's {
Commodore Nash b*-at K. Jones' Lovlna. u-l ; i
W. C Hadgere Al&meda Lad beat P. O'Pon
nell's Hoodlum. 5-0; J. I*>tr:pspy"s Jingle Rells
beat M. Mikillki's Terrcnite. 6-0; A. Hukrr's
Kanaka beat J. O'Dowd's Erin's Hope. C-f';
George Will •hey* s Theron beat J. H. Perigo's
Controller. 3-2; r>. E. Wiley's Hiph Born Lady
beat D. Shannon's Solid Silver. 5-3; Lande A:
Gerber's Mount Ida beat J. Flower* .« Keystone,
4-0; Georte Shsrmnn'f Bona Fide beat C. O. j
Peterson's Silver Cloud. 15-12; C. Bonar's Wild i
Xnrs beat Lande A; Gerber's Concord. *-'>;
O'Shea lire*.' Young America beat J. Hurley's
Star of Cuba. 0-0: C. Grau'p Martha Washing- j
ton t*At J. H. Peripo'e Lady Davenport. 5-";
J. Keenan's Lundin Links beat George fc-'har
man'e Bowery Boy; M: Sterl & KnowlM*
Busty Goll beat Kay Tiros.' Orossjiatch. 4-0:
Conaell Hro*. 1 R. Helen beat J. R. Smith's
Victor Queen. 11-C; E. Fal!on> Lily of the West
beat D. Shannon's Safeguard. 7-4: Lowe &
Thompson's St. Oran beat W. J. Browning's
Mountain R*lle. 5-1
Third round— Sylvanus beat Prince Hal, 5-2; j
Comm'idore Nash beat A lambda Lad. 5-3; K&- ]
naka b«-et Jinele IiellF. 7-3: Theron beat High |
Bora Lady. j-i<: Mount Ida beat Bona Fide. 7-2; J
Young America beat Wild Nnra, 7-4: Lundin
Links beat Mcrtha Washington. 6-".: Rusty
Oold beat St. H'-len, <-C; Lily of the West beat
St. Oran. 4-n.
* Fourth round — Sylvanus beat Commodore
Nash. 10-4; Kanaka beat Theron. 4-Ci; Young
America beat Mount Ma. 8-0; Lundin Links I
beat Rusty Oi!d. 6-4; Lily »>f the West a bye. |
Fifth round— Kar.Rka beat Slyvamis, 5-0;
Young America heat Lily of the West, 6-3; I
Lundin Links a bye.
Bixth round — Young America a bye; Lundin
L!riks a bye.
Deciding course— Young America beat Lundln
Links, C-l.
Work and Upset Calculations
of Wise Ones Several
Times.
Lundin Links and Kanaka Do Good
Shows His Old-Time Form
in the San Mateo
Open Stake.
YOUNG AMERICA
AN EASY WINNER
Golden Russet beat Master Claire, 4-1; Hon
esty beat Rollicking Airs. 4-3.
Sixth round— Golden Russet beat Bohe. 1S-10;
Honesty a bye.
Deciding course— Honesty vron *>? default.
Golden Russet withdrawn.
beat Russell Allen & Wilson's Spiteful. 14-3:
P. J. Rellly's Warship beat Aeneid Kennels'
Aeneas. 10-6: P. J. Heilly's Honesty beat W.
Calrnes' Imperial, 3-2: F. Jones' Wedsrewood
beat J. button's Master Lawrence. 5-2; Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's First Foot a bye: Cur
t:» & Sons' Echo beat Pasha Kennels' Metallic.
9-3; E. M. Kellogp's Iowa P.oy beat J. II. W.
Muller's Cruiser. 1S-3; E. M. Kellogs's Ben's
Babe beat Paeha Kennt-ls" Rt»al lassie, 4-0;
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking- Airs beat J. Mort
arity's Jimmle Anthony, <5-l
Third round— Modesty beat B?er Brewer.
U-ll; Royal T'ninn beat Twin City Girl. 4-3;
Psych" beat Round About. 4-0; Boh- beat Pleas
ant Girl. 12-0: Belle Claire beat Ba.l Boy. S-4;
Rosie Claire b«-at K.ind'Tn Aim. T.-2: Gulden
Russet beat Cash. !-'¦: Wwlwwn^l beat War-
Fhlp. ll-**: Honesty a bye; Iowa Boy beat Echo,
7-6: Rollicking Aira bpat Ken's Babe. 12-2.
Fourth round— Royal Union beat Modesty.
4-1- Bone beat Pnych". 5-0: Golden Russet beat
Belle Claire, l<>-7; Master Claire beat Rosie.
Claire, 6-0; Honesty beat Wedcewood, 5-1; Xlol
llckin* Airs beat iowa Boy, 1S-3.
Fifth round— Bohe beat Royal Union. 7-4;
a Hard Course With the
Bunner-TJp Put Her
Out. /• \
— » ?
P. J. Reilly's hound Honesty was fa
vored by luck to a considerable extent In
the open stake at Union Park yesterday.
In her second round she beat Imperial by
a close score, ran a bye In the third and
In the fifth beat out Rollicking' Airs by a
single point, almost Immediately after
that dop had been run to a standstill
after a hard hare with Iowa Boy In the
previous round. In the sixth round Hon
esty fell In for a natural bye. -which left
her a candidate for the deciding course
with Golden Russet. Fortune favored her
once more. Russet was forced out of the*
frame on account of hard running, and
Honesty won the stake by default.
Golden Russet would have been an easy
winner If chances had been even.
Throughout the stake she showed great
speed and cleverness. In the fifth and
sixth rounds she won out on the short
end. beatinjr Master Claire and the stake
favorite, both courses at 5 to 3.
Bohe ran in great form. Not a point
was scored nsralnst her In the second,
third and fourth rounds. In the fifth sha
beat Royal Union by a score of ->7 to 4.
Then came a hard go between the fast
black one and Golden Russet. Bohe led
three lengths from the slips and after a
.short work stumbled. Russet evened mat
ters by getting a fall, and then outworked
her opponent. In the hardest kind of go-
Ing Bohe was forced to quit. The score
was IS to 10.
Favorites had things much their own
way, the short ends wnich landed being
at small odds.
• The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow: . . . .
Union Park, open stake, second roan*— T.
Cooney's Modesty beat J. L. Ross* "Wild Wav«.
7-0; L. F. Bartels' Beer Brewer beat A. John
son's Bald Eagle 12-7: P. J. Rellly's Royal
Union beat E. M. Kellosrs's Kid McCoy. 4-3:
S. Handy 1 s Twin City Girl beat J. Carroll's
Auckland. 10-6; Pasha Kennels' Round About
beat A. Johnson'* Mountain Beauty. II-*; Cur
tis & Sons' Psyche beat Aeneid Kennels'
Achille* 3-2; J. II. Perigo's Bohe beat J. Ken
nedy's Evershore, 4-0; D. Toland'* Pleasant
Girl beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Scotland
Yet. 24-1; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Belle Claire
a bre: Russell. All<>n & Wilson's Roste Claire
a bye; Maher A. Reid's Bad Boy beat Pasha
Kennels' Gold Nusjre;, 5-2; Curtis & Son3' Mc-
Kinley a bye; Pasha Kennels' Random Aim
beat I* F. Rartels' Banner Bright. 5-3: P.
Jackson's Golden Russet beat J. Byrnes' Olym
pus. 4-3; Curtis & Sons' Cash beat Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Anne. 6-5; J. Carroll's Master Claire
Wins the Stake at Union
Park From Golden Rus
set by Default.
Bohe Makes a Good Showing, tut
SUNDAY SPORTS ON THE DIAMOND, FIELD AND WAVE
HONESTY HAS A
STREAK OF LUCK
"Women are ever the same Eve sh-irp*i
flrltbluL 6 WUh Adam ' b « *• tolKg
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are jrtven In the left
hand column and the successive- tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as tcf Mmo of
th* day. »he third time column the third tltln
and the tear or rlsht hand column plves th«
ast tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The hei-hta
Stven are In addition to the sounding qn "the
United States Coast Survey «-hart!? ex-e t
when -a minus sien <— ) precedes' the' height
fh- rf Ts th f BBI 5 b « > K'ven is subtracted Iron
the depth Riven hy the charts. The plane of
reference to *>>* wan of th . i^'y^
NOTE.— The nigh and low waters* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at tooth places.
Sun, Moan and Tide.
United States Ccast and : Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bav. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER' 8, 1900.
6
. Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
; — i
Crescent City. .ICrescont City Oct. 8
Iaqua |Humboldt Oct. 8
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 3
Coos Bay Newport...... Oct. 8
San Jose... New York.... .." Oct. t
America Maru.. China and Japan Oct. 9
Australia Honolulu Oct. a
Rainier . Seattle Oct. 9
City of Puebla. Victoria Oct. 9
Mineola Tacoma Oct. 9
Corona ......... San Diego. Oct. 10
Condor Xannlmo Oct. 10-
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 11
Mackinaw .. Seattle Oct. 11
Willamette .... Seattle Oct. Jl
F.mplre ......... Coos Bay...... Oct. 11
Czarina V. '...... Seattle ;. Oct. 12
Bonlta Newport .- Oct. 12
M&tteawan . Tacoma. Oct. 12
Santa Rosa .... San Diego...... Oct. 14
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | pi er .
G. Elder ..(Portland Octl 8. 11 am p7er~24
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 8. 10 am Pier I •
City SydneytNew York.... Oct. 8 12 m PMS3
Pt. Arena. |Potnt Arena.. I.Oct. 8. 2 pm Pier 2
Umatllla ..(Victoria Oct. illamtt" I
Santa Rosa San Diejro Oct. 8. 11 am Pier 11
North ForklHumboJdt Oct.- 9. Sampler"
Rival fwillapa (Oct. » ler "
Arcata ....|Coos Bay......lOct. 9. li'in'pier'u
Coptic China &Japan Oct. 10. i D m Pmrs
State Cal.. Portland...... Oct. $ U Z™ pi^ r S » 4
Coos Ray... NVwrw-t Oct. 10. » am Pier 11
Pom«na ...|HuraboMt [Oct. in. 2 pmlPier 9
Corona ....is>n Dlepo Oct. 12. 11 amiPter 1!
Rainier ....|Seattle Oct. K. ... iPier 11
City Pueblal Victoria )Oct. 13. 11 amlF ill I
Bonlta Newport. ..;...|Oct. 14 li am P er 24
Czarina ...(Seattle |Oct. » ...." pier 8
O |Tini«. |Time| |Ttme| |Ttma|
¦ (— -— i Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I , Ft.
? |L W| II W L W H W|
S ...( 4:Zl\ 1.5 10:45 5.9 6:051—0.1 11.52 5.t
» .. 5:01 l.» H:» «-0 5:531—0.4
1H W| |L W H VT\ I. VI
10 ... ').« 4.91.5:4:! 2.31 J.»:0:5| 6.01 «:45 -4 4
11... I:4S 4.«l <S:27' 2.71 12: d 5.3! 7:40-04
12 ... !:J0 4.51 7:ir.l *.» l.»>( 5.6l 8:40'— o''
13... 3:57 4.3| 8:17! 3.1[ 7:2T.I 5.3' 94.>| o't
14 ...I 5:01! 4.31 9:-»| 3.3! 3:31! 5.V lp^-j). n"4
. Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
; — i
Crescent City. .ICrescont City Oct. 8
Iaqua |Humboldt Oct. 8
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 3
Coos Bay Newport...... Oct. 8
San Jose... New York.... .." Oct. t
America Maru.. China and Japan Oct. 9
Australia Honolulu Oct. a
Rainier . Seattle Oct. 9
City of Puebla. Victoria Oct. 9
Mineola Tacoma Oct. 9
Corona ......... San Diego. Oct. 10
Condor Xannlmo Oct. 10-
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 11
Mackinaw .. Seattle Oct. 11
Willamette .... Seattle Oct. Jl
F.mplre ......... Coos Bay...... Oct. 11
Czarina V. '...... Seattle ;. Oct. 12
Bonlta Newport .- Oct. 12
M&tteawan . Tacoma. Oct. 12
Santa Rosa .... San Diego...... Oct. 14
O |Tini«. |Time| |Ttme| |Ttma|
¦ (— -— i Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I , Ft.
? |L W| II W L W H W|
S ...( 4:Zl\ 1.5 10:45 5.9 6:051—0.1 11.52 5.t
» .. 5:01 l.» H:» «-0 5:531—0.4
1H W| |L W H VT\ I. VI
10 ... ').« 4.91.5:4:! 2.31 J.»:0:5| 6.01 «:45 -4 4
11... I:4S 4.«l <S:27' 2.71 12: d 5.3! 7:40-04
12 ... !:J0 4.51 7:ir.l *.» l.»>( 5.6l 8:40'— o''
13... 3:57 4.3| 8:17! 3.1[ 7:2T.I 5.3' 94.>| o't
14 ...I 5:01! 4.31 9:-»| 3.3! 3:31! 5.V lp^-j). n"4
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | pi er .
G. Elder ..(Portland Octl 8. 11 am p7er~24
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 8. 10 am Pier I •
City SydneytNew York.... Oct. 8 12 m PMS3
Pt. Arena. |Potnt Arena.. I.Oct. 8. 2 pm Pier 2
Umatllla ..(Victoria Oct. illamtt" I
Santa Rosa San Diejro Oct. 8. 11 am Pier 11
North ForklHumboJdt Oct.- 9. Sampler"
Rival fwillapa (Oct. » ler "
Arcata ....|Coos Bay......lOct. 9. li'in'pier'u
Coptic China &Japan Oct. 10. i D m Pmrs
State Cal.. Portland...... Oct. $ U Z™ pi^ r S » 4
Coos Ray... NVwrw-t Oct. 10. » am Pier 11
Pom«na ...|HuraboMt [Oct. in. 2 pmlPier 9
Corona ....is>n Dlepo Oct. 12. 11 amiPter 1!
Rainier ....|Seattle Oct. K. ... iPier 11
City Pueblal Victoria )Oct. 13. 11 amlF ill I
Bonlta Newport. ..;...|Oct. 14 li am P er 24
Czarina ...(Seattle |Oct. » ...." pier 8Htv. G. S. Anderson Itead.
TOLEDO. OhioT Oct. 7.— Rev. G. 6. An
i rrsr^. one of the most gifted divines c'
jnlo, died to-day of heart trouble.
OAKLAND. Oct. 7.— Dr. J. T.
Kitchings, president of the Oak
land Board of Health, is looking
for an enterprising drummer who
borrowed his favorite horse with
out so much as "by your leave," and drove
the animal nearly to death.
' One Sunday not long ago Dr. Kitchlngs
drove up to the Hoteli Metropole, where
he resides, and hitching -his horse,- entered
the dining room to enjoy his luncheon.
The doctor's appetite had been stimulated
by the .drive, for he is a great lover,; of
horses and takes the best of care of those
he owns. "
rubber-tired visiting buggy, had been
taken by the drummer, and the doctor's
comfortable luncheon was spoiled.
Long after 9 o'clock "that evening the
drummer, returned to the hotel, and as he
entered* the office he remarked:
"Liverymen In your town have pretty
swell rigs. I think I must have driven
fo"rty miles through, the hills to-day.".
Dr. Kitchlngs was not there to hear the
remark. •¦ but . last week he sold his pet
horse, which was worth several hundred
dollirs when he purchased It. for CO, and
the drummer has gone. on his way with
the Idea that Oakland has.the finest livery
rigs of any city in the United States.- " '
"Somo drummer ordered a horse and
buggy for 1:13," continued the boy, "and
the liveryman was late and I guess he
took your horse and rig."
The doctor made a rush for the front
door to find that his worst fears had
been realized. His pet horse with . all
kinds of fancy records, and hitched to his
But the doctor's enjoyment of his lunch
eon was suddenly spoiled when the bell
boy wondered over to his table and re
marked:
'"Say. doctor, I think some feller took
yer rig."
The doctor stopped eating and looked
dazed. >
AN ENTERPRISING DRUMMER APPROPRIATES DR. KITCHING'S SWELL RIG BT MISTAKE FOR ONE OR
DERED FROXl A LIVERYMAN. THE DOCTOR LOST HIS APPETITE WHEN HE "WAS INFORMED OF IT,
AND NOW MOURNS THE WRECK OF A VALUABLE ANIMAL.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— New world's re
rords for putting the 12 and ;6 pound shots
rare made by Dennis Hogan at the bene
3t games held to-day under the auspices
if the Paf-time Athletic Club. ¦Hoffan put
:he 12-pounu* phot 55 fe.et »Va inches, or
•'4 inches further than ever before. In
putting the JG-pound shot Hogan added
>a!f an Inch to h!s own world's record of
* feet 2 inch* s.
Itecords With. Hammer
and Shot.
Adds a Few Inches to His Former
DE1TNTS HOGAU" IS
A BEOOBD-BEEAKER
Pliysioian's Pet* Horse Is :R/u.i:p.@ci Because of
the Tardiness of a Liveryman.
DRUMMER ENJOYS A FORTY-MILE DRIVE
BEHIND THE DOCTOR'S SPEEDY ROADSTER
Tbe wedding was performed by Rev.
Father Serda of the Sacred Heart Parish
at Temoscal en Saturday evening. It took
place very quietly In the parsonage, after
which the horticulturist and his young
wife went to her home in Claremont, In
stead of to his home on Pryal avenue,
near the handsome Ainsworth place.
"My father has not been home to-day,*'
said the daughter of the Horticultural
Commissioner to-night. "He left ths
house on Saturday morning and we have
not seen him since. We know nothing
about the marriage and only know whay
the papers have stated about the issuance
of the license. We don't know any more
about the affair than we did before.
? .IS no ldca lhal matters had come
to this pass, though we knew that this
woman and our father were acquainted.
She Is 34 years ot age and our fnther is
65 years old, and it is only a case of A
young woman securing the affections of
an old man In order to get his property,
feucn things are not entirely new "
Mrs Ruth E Crane is a widow, who
formerly lived in Nevada. She has lived
in Clareim.nt for some time, about a mile
from the Pryal residence. Mrs. Crane's
home Is on Claremont avenue, directly on
the way from the Pryal residence to Oak
land. The Horticultural Commissioner
had to pass the house several times a day
and once, started the geographical loca
tions helped the little love affair alon"
famously. ° ,
It is very evident that Mr. Pryal fears
the -wrath of his children, for he* has not
been home since the weddingi and be ha
not Introduced the young step-mother to
her step-children, some of whom ara
much older than she.
Mr. Pryal is reputed to be very wealthy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111? Broadway. Oct. 7.
Andrew D. Pryal, county Horticultural
CommisFioner. one of the old residents
of Alameda County and one of the best
known horticulturists of the State,
utilized the marriage license that he se
cured on Saturday afternoon, which per
mitted him to wed Sirs. Ruth Ellen Crane,
but he has not yet taken his young wife
to his home. When ho does there is every
likelihood of troi*>le between his children
and their stepmother.
His Daughter Denounces
Woman Who Is Now Her
Stepmother.
PRYAL'S WEDDING
ANGERS CHILDREN
Picnic at Shell Mound.
The third annual picnic given by Con
selho Da Ordem No. 16. I. D. B. S.—So
ciety of the Holy Ghost— attracted 500
people to Shell Mound Park yesterday.
Music was furnished by me First Regi
ment band and dancing was enjoyed by
t'ie pleasure-seekers in the two big pa
vilions. Over fifty gate prizes wore <il3
tributed and everybody had a sv>ol time.
.The committee of arrangementa consist
ed of Joseph P. Bernardo, Thomas G
Rose and M. J. Silver. The '.loor mana
tfvrs were Manuel Marcella, John Freltas
a-.id J. Martin. The officers of the society
arc: President, Manuel Bay>nsta; vie?
president, T. G. Rose; secretary, F. J.
•Ctr.ha; treasurer, M. J. Sll.'e*.
same period last year. The increase in
the sale of stamps amounts to $7000. Post
master Friend estimated somo time ago
that the aggregated business of the post
ofHce would show a gain of $5000 over the
first nine months of last year and is
agreeably surprised to find hia estimate
greatly exceeded.
He now believes that for the current fis
cal yoar the receipts will exceed those of
last year by $16,000. The prosperous con
dition of the poptofllce, he Bays, is an in
dex to the condition of the city.
OAKLAND. Oct. 7.— The receipts of the
Oakland Postofllce for the first nine
months of the calendar year show an in
crease of $9000 over the receipts of the
POSTOFFICE RECEIPTS
SHOW A GREAT GAIN
He is the owner of large tracts of land ai
Claremont and is one of the oidest ami
most respected citizens of this community
AUSTBIANS CELEBRATE
TS THEIR GRAPE FESTTVAX
Handsome Young Ladies in Costume
Vie as to Who Can Win Most
"Husbands."
The "grape festival," the celebration of
which Is a source of much pleasure to
Austrians in the old country, was cele
brated in this city yesterday at Turn
Verein Hall, Twelfth and Mission streets,
by the Verein Oesterlch and the Austrian
National Society. Handsome young la
dies dressed in the national costume were
present during the entire day and - even
ing, and the young men were not slow in
taking advantage of the privileges which
the feast permits. Stealing the grapes af
forded the crowd a great deal of amuse
ment, though the lynx-eyed gendarmes
and assistants were at all times ready to
catch the offenders and bring them be
fore the burgermelster, who fined them 10
cents each.
The contest for the prizes offered to the
young lady procuring the largest number
of "husbands" was very lively and' cre
ated a deal of laughter. The 'first prize,
a handsome gold watch, was won by Miss
Josephine Ogoline. 1114 Post street, who
succeeded in leading 200 young men to the
high priest of the festival. Marie Brand
ner and Annie Olagne won the second and
third prizes.
¦Following are the names of those who
were In charge: J. Kuker, J. Blut, J.
Footz, A. Finck. J. A. Jackscha. M. Bod
ner. A. Broderlck, M. Vedmar, J. Jvanlk
and M. Radovich. The dance committee
was composed of the following named:
M. Govednlk. Victor Hugo and J. Broda
rich.
VOTERS ABE .BEING COLONIZED.
Superintendent of Elections "Warns
New York's Chief of Police.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— John McCullach.
State Superintendent of Elections for the
metropolitan district, to-day sent out let
ters to the authorities of this city touch-
Ing on the coming elections. In a letter
to Chief of Police Devery. Mr. McCullach
calls attention to the dates of registra
tion and says: -
The past experience of this department dem
onstrates very clearly that the sources of the
dpbauchment of the franchise In the city of
Xew York are chiefly found in the poolrooms,
gambling houses, disorderly houses, saloons
run under the guise of hotels In order to evade
the provisions of the excise law and dives of
evr.n baser sort. ;-•:• '¦ r
Mr. McCullach details the successful
prosecution of illegal voters and their
s-ponsors after the elections of November,
18?D, ar.d calls attention to the fact that
the evidence in these cases showed that
they were engineered by persons having
official connection with the city govern
ment, and that the Illegal voters were
drawn from the sources quoted In the ab
stract of the letter here given. He says
that he has .lately caused the Investiga
tion of such resorts in the city of New
York and has In his possession sworn af
fidavits violations of almost
every provision of law nnd ordinances re
lating to such places. From the evidence
that has come Into his possession he is
convinced that an organized attempt Is
being made to colonize Illegal voters for
the next general election in and from
these places. *
Sir. McCullach submits tHte addresses of
over 200 saloons or other resorts alleged
to, be of the character mentioned, and
says that If prompt action be not taken
by Chief Devery In suppressing these re
sorts he will Invoke the aid or the State
authorities. His -letter closes with a de
mand that the Chief and members of his
command shall give to the Superintendent
Of Elections all the aid In his power.
This communication. to the Chief ia fol
lowed by another to each police captain
In the territory named which practically
MR. AXD MRS. XICOLLETTT. WHO WERE MARRIED YESTERDAY AFTERNOON. THE GROOM IS AN ARTIST
OF CONSIDERABLE NOTE AND HIS BRIDE IS ALSO AN ARTIST AND MUSICIAN. . THEY ARE BOTH
WELL KNOWN AND POPULAR IN THE CITY ACROSS THE BAY.
"First Voters" Will Speak in Support
of McKinley and Roosevelt
To-Morrow Night.
The "first voters' meeting" of Repub
licans, to be held at Metropolitan Temple
to-morrow evening, promises to be nota
ble for its enthusiasm. Colonel George
Stone and Senator Cutter, chairman and
secretary of the State Central Commit
tee, have taken particular pride In it and
the preparations have been made with
more than usual care, j The meeting will
be held under the auspices of the Union
Leapue Club,
William #M. Abbott, a director of the
Union League Club, will call the meeting
to order and will introduce J. M. Mannon
as chairman. He will speaH on the "Par
ty of Opposition."
R. C. Van Fleet will speak on "Logic
of the Spanish-American War": R. S.
Pierce on "Imperialism": H. Ij. Roths
child on "The Kull Dinner Pail," and A.
W. Xorth on "Sound Money."
Congressmen Julius Kahn and Eugene
F. Loud will also speak. The Union
League Quartet will sing popular cam
paign songs.
YOUNG MEN'S RALLY AT
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Raymond, John Kurkamp, Lillian Jtan
nrtte and ten old favorites I»!ae Tunison.
Kudora Fosde. Oscar Uehan. Robert
Ellis, Antonio Varpa-s and Harold Bas
ford.
• • •
The nw bill whirh opens at the Chutes
Includes Azav and Delzno. comedy Jup
r>r?; William de Hoe. aerialist: Grariei
ind Calahan. novelty dancers: Annie
tJoldie, coon shiyter; Jessie Padgham,
tcprano; Smith and Kills, sketch artifcU.
A bill of clever entertainers at Fischer's
Concert-house for the week Includes Alice
At the TlvoM Oppra-houFo a considerable
novelty will be put on in the shape of Ha
ieny's "Jewess." which will be rendered
Tuesday. Thursday and Saturday nlgrht3
and Saturday matim-e. "The Jewess" has
not been heard here for many years Signor
Luijfl L'jcenti of the Azzali'Opera Com
pany has been enpafred fur the produc-
Jon. and this g-enulne basso profundo will
add greatly to the artisii<: value of the
performance. On Monday "I>ucla" wKl
rte piven, AWdnwday "Klgolmo." Friday
and Saturday "The Barber of Seville."
• • •
The JUhambra Theater with Its very
worthy presentation of "A Texas Steer "
!s assured of pood houses for tho rest it
the week. Last nijjht a lar^f crowd
preeted Hoyt's clever skit on the politi
;ians. and the larce cast necessary for it3
production wns very acceptably filled.
Among those most noticeably pood were
Miss Florence Rossland as Ho.ssy, Janifa
R. McCann as Maverick Brander, the
Texas cattle klnp. who gets fleeted to
rnnjrress: Will H. Bray as a "cullud sen
nan" — Christopher Columbus; Miss Katie
Taweett as Dixie Style. Lizzie Kendall as
Mrs. Drander and indeed, all through iht
)on<r cast, the work Is thoroughly .rood.
Next week "The Man From Mexico"
RTi'.l be put on.
: • ¦','¦ • . ¦' • '- ¦.
"We I'r.s of Tennessee" will continue to
be the bill at the Alcazar Theater this
werk. It Is safe to prophesy crowded
houses as lor.p as this play, which has
Jumped into an Immediate popularity, is
«ept on the boards. "The Corsican Broth
ers" will be put on next week.
The Columbia Theater announces thf
rriginal New York production of "Quo
Vadis" for this evening, with the F. C.
Whitney and Kdwin Knowle? company.
Over 100 peojile will appear In the cast
ar.d there are thirty speaking part3 In
the play. The costumes, by Earuch of
Berlin, music by Julian Edwards, the
fcenic effects by Max Freeman, the pagan
fiances, etc.. will be given exactly as in
IsVw York. London and Chicago.
Theodore Marston. the tallest and larg
est actor on the American stage, will pet
fonate Ursus. _
• • • •
Sladcine Tuicoai-Eruni Gives an Ex
cellent Rendition of the Part.
Week's Bills.
The long looked for Turconi-Brunl at
last made hT air^arance in "Lucia" at
the California Theater last evening:. It
Is to be assumed that the singer has r.ot
yet completely regained tone after her re
if-nt severe Illness, but her ""Lucia" last
evcnir.g showed such varied excellencies
as to arouse a 6tror.s desire in the audi
ence to hear her beautiful voice at its
nerjr best. It is a Iarse voice for a lyric
•soprano, flexible and colorful, with a
dtliolous. pianissimo and excellent cli
max. Mme. Brunt's vocalization Is clear
ar.d urecise. and in the "flute scene."
where iht tr.Ht-mljle between binder and
flautist was unusually good by tr»e wav,
trllla and runs ana arpeggios 'came trip
pingly with utmost ease. In the fortes,
prrhaps by reason of the singer"? illness.
the voice takes on edg'e a little, has lost
the "¦\-elvet" quality to some extent, but
*ii« a tine "Lucia" nevertheless.
There were only thrr^ small changes on
the programme for last evening. Henry
Afi-.ton was Hiing:. ami most artistically,
!•>• Se<»ari Alessan<lroni ill place of lh>i
departed BellaRnmbo; Norman was played
by Passoti. arid Arthur by Giulio Cortesi.
The part of Eu?ar was dellchtfuMy taken
by Castellano. To-nlpht "Nona*." will b»
civen ar.d "C'armtn" to-morrow evening.
• • •
LUCIA FINELY SUNG
AT THE CALIFOBNIA
It is now proposed to bring back to
Pieasanton its oldtime greatness as a
horse training center. Mr. Anderson and
his associates are putting a great deal
of money into Improvements and propose
to bring some good stock to the track ana
see if the equals if not the superiors of
some, of the old-time famous horses can
not be brought out at Pleasanton.
Pleasanton, it is claimed, nas one of the
best climates 'for working out horses In
the country. It is protected from the
winds of the bay and has abundant good
soil. The harness horse Industry has been
a great one for Pleasanton In its day and
It is proposed to revive it.
This Pleasanton training track has de
veloped more great harness horses than
almost ony other place of the kind in the
United States. It was here that the fa
mous Direct stock was raised and trained,
and where Direct, Director and Directuin
made some of their great records. Ana
conda and Flying Jib, Searchlight and
Rey Direct all came from Pleasanton and
were brought to perfection Upon the old
Pleasanton track.
PLEASANTOX. Oct. 7.— H. F. Ander
son, the owner of the old Pleasanton
training track, is 'going to make some
important improvements in this famous
course. Mr. Anderson has put a gang of
men at work regrrading, widening and Im
proving the track into order that it may
become one of the best training tracks on
the coast. Stalls and stables are being
orected. and Mr. Anderson proposes to re
vive the industry of training and develop
ing harness horses which once made
Pleasanton famous from one end of the
United States to the other.
Pleasantori Hop^s to Become
a Horse-Training Cen
ter Again.
WOULD REVIVE
GOOD OLD DAYS
At least two hundred people were hurt
more or less from their being thrown
down by the shock or hit by shattered
glass. The explosion was plainly felt at
Biwabik. twelve miles distant. The cause
of the explosion la unknown.
DULUTH. Minn.. Oct. 7.— A special from
Evelth, Minn., to-night reports a disas
trous explosion. Seven thousand five
hundred pounds of dynamite in the pow
der magazine at the Place mine, situated
a half mile from town, blew up about 5:30
o'clock this afternoon. A hole 100 feet
square and twenty-five feet deep marks
the spot where the magazlQe stood. Th«
force of the explosion wa« so great that
It smashed every pane of glass within a
radius of two miles. The mine laboratory
and warehouses were totally wrecked.
TWO HUNDRED HURT BY
EXPLOSION • OF * DYNAMITE
covers the same ground, and also a simi
lar letter to Mayor Van Wyck.
1. What are the general function* of
party committees? What various kinds
or grades of party committees are there?
By what bodies are they appointed?
2. What are "primaries"? Describe
(a) their functions; (b) their organiza
tion. Describe some peculiar kinds of
primaries to be found in some States.
3. Describe the organization and func
tions of the State convention.
4. Describe in a general way the or
ganization and functions of tbe national
convention. In particular write explana
tory notes upon the following:; (a) Na
tional committee, (b) temporary chair
man, (c) committee on credentials, (d)
committee on permanent organization, (e)
permanent chairman, (f> ?; committee on
rules, (er) committee on resolutions. (h>
nominations, (1) "platform. " "plank,"
"roll of States." "unit rule, "dark horse."
5. Give succinctly an account of the ear-
Note — In this paper only four questions
are to be answered in all. one of which,
however, must be No. 4. Only such an
swers are expected as can be framed from
a study of the lessons in the courses of
the Home Study Circle.
W. Give a brief account of the political
history of the United States relative to>
the. Presidential election of 1S76. Why was
that election ore of the most memorable
events In the political history of th« entire
world?
9. Describe the grave political problems
which confronted statesmen toward and
at the close of the civil war. In particu
lar describe the political disputes and an
tagonisms which led to the Impeachment
of President Andrew Johnson.
S. Give a summary of Dr. Macy'" con
clusions as to the war of secession b«lri|f
a hindrance to the natural settlement in
the public interest of the gTeat questions
of Industrial monopolies and public fran
chises.
7. Write short notes on (a> the Lincoln-
Douglas debate, (b) the John Brown raid.
CO the Jefferson Davis resolutions (d)
the Charleston convention of 1SS0. (e) th»
Republican con\ention of 1S60. (f) the
Presidential election of 1S60.
ly history of Kansas with respect to th»
great contest between the upholders and
the opponents of slavery.
6. Describe briefly the occasion and cir
cumstances of the birth of the Republican
party.
Directions— "Write with Ink on white paper and on only one side of each sheet.
The name and- address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the top of
each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than one course
should mail their examinations In separate packages. Mall the sheets without
rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage is fully prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged In three groups accord-
Ing to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) good. (3) fair.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the courses.
Candidates will have three weeks in which to prepare their answers. Certifi
cates will be granted in each course to students whose examination papers
meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to The Horns
Circle, The Call, San Francisco. Mark all papers "Examination."
EXAMINATIONS.
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
OAKLAND. Oct. 7.— The wedding
of Alfred E. NicolletU and Miss
Hildegarde Neumann took place
this afternoon at the residence
of the bride. 1357 Sixteenth Btreet.
After a wedding supper this evening th«
couple left for Del Monte, where they will
spend their honeymoon. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. J. H. Theiss, pas
tor of the German Lutheran Church. The
original arrangements provided for a
wedding under the auspices of the Roman
Catholic Church, but at the last moment
the arrangements were changed and the
ceremony was performed by the pastor of
the Lutheran Church. ¦ ¦»
The wedding was a very pretty home
affair. The house decorations were in
pink and white. During the ceremony the
young couple stood beneath a large wed
ding be!l of pink and white carnations.
The bride s gown was of heavy while
satin. The veil was of tulle and she car
ried a bouquet of bride's roses. The maul
of honor. Miss Wanda Mesow. and the
bridesmaid. Miss Bertha Schultz. wore
white organdie gowns. The ring-bearers
were little Gladys and Jocelyn Neumatu,
nieces of the bride. \
Reginald Goodcell attended the groom
and the ushers W£re Dr. Montoux and
Charles Beck.
Alfred E. Nicolletti Is an artist of con
siderable note locally. While of Italian
parentage his family has resided in this
country for three generations and all
have been sculptors. It was In the studio
of Mr. Nicolletti"s preat-grandfather in
Boston that the first American piece of
plaster statuary was made. The bride is
a very popular and talented artist and
musician.
Resolve*, That Barnett In upholding the
merits of the examination approves the eligi
ble list which comprises a good many non
union pavers, thus aiming a blow at union
labor, and furthermore, to show the Impracti
cability of the examination a cripple from the
Almshouse got a rating of 97 per cent.
Long vigorously denied the assertions
made by Barnett in his letter of criticism
and declared him a falsifier.
Almshouse Cripple Received 97 Per
Cent in the Rammer and Paver
Contest.
Several members of me Pavers" Union
held a meeting yesterday and adopted
resolutions condemning the action of F.
P. Barnett, president of the union, in crit
icizing his fellow members in a letter to
a morning paper for petitioning the Civil
Service CorrirnlFSioners for a more practi
cal examination for rammers and pavers.
Timothy Long introduced the following
resolution, which was adopted:
"Whereas, As F. P. Barnett. president
and walking delegate of the Pavers' Union, has
attacked members of the union now working
In the municipal service who have petitions!
for a re-examinatlon, p.U flif whom obtained
from 90 per cent and upward: and
Whereas. As the said petition in no way
conflicts with the by-laws of the union, and as
the said Barnett undertook the same examina
tion and is on the eligible list of candidates
for appointment his motives In the premises
are purely selfish and for his own appointment,
to the detriment of other members who help
pay hirrf a salary for doing nothing, and we
assert and can prove by reliable witnesses that
said Barnett did on the nijrht of the examina
tion state that "It was merely a farce and a
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 7.
Daniel Maloney, aeronaut, had a miracu
lous escape from death at a balloon ascen
sion at Oakland Park this afternoon. He
cut away the parachute, which did not
open, and the fact that he fell Into the
top of a large tree is the only thing that
saved his life. As it was he dropped from
the tree to the ground, a distance of
forty feet, and injured his back, though
not seriously.
Maloney was making an ascent to-day
and attempted some unusual acrobatic
feats. He did some trapeze work during
the ascent, and when he reached the
point at which he was expected to cut
away the parachute he found uhat th3
rigging had become tangled in some man
ner-so that he was unable to cut affiy.
and It became necessary to ride the oa.
loon nearly back to the earth.
The aeronauts who make the ascent, at
Oakland Park agree with the manage
ment that they will not claim their moiiey
unless they cut away the parachute and
make a drop. Maloney wanted to earn
his money and workPd upon the balloon
until he got his ropes loose and cut the
rigging that held to the balloon. By this
time the balloon had pot within 300 fe*>t
of the earth and the drop was too short
to enable the parachute to open properly
and check the fall of the aeronaut .o
the earth. Maloney would have been
dashed to pieces by his rapid fall had
it not been that he fell, happily, into the
top of the tree, xhis broke his fall, ond
he escaped with a sprained back, caused
by the fall from the tree to the ground.
DECLARED EXAMINATION
, "A FRAUD AND A FARCE"
Daniel Maloney Falls Forty Feet
From Branches to Ground and
•Escapes With Sprained • •
Back.
Cuts Loose Too Late and
Parachute Does Not
Work RigKt
TREE TOP SAVES
AERONAUT'S LIFE
It is said that at least a dozen other
men and women were similarly robbed of
watches and money. The thieves are
known and will :n all probability be ar
rested to-dav.
The cunburft was papte. but the thieves
c-viaer.ily thought it was the real article,
ar.d while th* woman was waltzing to the
etralns of "What'i the use of talking
when you can't n-.ake pood" one of the
trangr "nipped" the throat adornment.
While the dancers were makfner merry
!r. the pavilion several clever pickpockets
went through the crowd, sccurlr.p valua
ble Jewelry and money. Among the vlc
t'me was a doctor, whose name the po
lie** refuse to divulfre. The physician was
witting with a woman whom he called
"Emma" when ore of the thieves deftly
removed his wallet, containing JIOO. from
his trousers pocket.
Before the dance was concluded the
doctor missed his money, and abruptly
leaving his partner in the waltz he re
jv>ru-i hi? loss to the two policemen who
had b«=en specially detailed to look out
for picki>ockets. While he was telling
"how it Happened" a woman rushed up
to the policemen and excitedly declared
that she had been robbed of a diamond
sunburst which had adorned her throat.
A ear.g of pickpockets reaped a polden
harvest et a dance riven at Harbor View
!.".5t Friday nlgrht. The dance was an all
right affair and was a promiscuous gath
ering-.
THIEVES EOB WALTZERS.
Gang of Clever Pickpockets Heap a
Harvest at Harbor View.
A irask* J roLber attempted to hold up
Bunne] Barrison. proprietor of the res
tavirajt at S Hayes street, at 1 o'clock
this morning. Barrison left his place of
business ar.d went upstairs in the lodglng
house to retire. As he was passing along
the dimly lighted corridor to his room
the robber suddenly stepped out of a
closet where he had been concealed and
ordered him to throw up his hands.
Barrison had more than tM on his per
pon and showed fisht. whereupon the rob
ber lilt him on t>e head with a bottle,
kriockinp him down. Barrison was not
rendered unconscious, and as he fell yell
ed for help. His assailant became fright
ened and ran away.
Barripon was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and the police were notified. De
tectives O'Dea and Hnmmill were detailed
en the case from tae Hall of Justice and
are now searching for the robber.
Barrison's injuries consist of half a
dozen scalp wounds caused by the grlass
of the broken bottle. He Is not seriously
hurt. His assailant was evidently fa
miliar with the premises and with the
restaurant man's habit of carrying large
eurns of money.
sailant Is Frighten€d
Away.
Lodging-House, but His As-
Restaurant Proprietor Wajflaid in a
Samuel Barrison Has an Ex
citing Encounter With
a Burglar.
MASKED ROBBER
STRIKES VICTIM
ARTIST ALFRED E. NICOLLETTI
TAKES UNTO HIMSELF A WIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER,' 8, 1900.
7
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
a
"OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. Stearaers leave Broad-way
•^ wharf, San Francisco:
VyVw For Alaskan Pnrt»— 11 s. m..
•iv'iii^^ o?t - 4 - *• 13 - 1S - :3 - w - NoT - *•
Ifiv^^^Vfl^ Change to company's steam-
i«vF**«VVa er " at Seattle.
(Ml Jtfil For v !ctoria. Vancouver (B.
L%St\ ¦ — "*rrr ?! 1 r) - r ° n Tr>wr!! "*nJ. Soattl*.
i Tacoma. Everett. Anacorte*
and Xew Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. in.. Oct. 4. 8. 13. 18. 23. 21.
Xc-r. 2. »n<J everr flftb day thereafter. Chan**
at Seattle to this company's steamers fcr
Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 3 p. m.. Oct. S.
10 15. 20. 25. SO. Nov. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ob!spo>. Sarta Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redonilo <Lo» Ansr»les>— 11 a.
m.. Oct. 4. 8. 1*. 18. ». 24. 23. Nov. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayn-
co3. Port Harfoni (San Luis Obispo). Oavlnta,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East San Pedro <Los Anirel<»«> »nd Newoort — <»
a m.. Oct. 8. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26. SO, Xov. 3.
anrl every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensanada, Maedalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
8nd Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves <h* right to chan**
rteamers, palling dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKPT OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street <P»!»ce HoteD.
GOODAL1.. PET?KTX5» * CO., Oen. Agents,
10 Market ft.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FO RTL J^IX ID
From Sp*«r-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CADC $12 First CTass. Including Berth
I Ant $8 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Oct 5, 15. K. Nor. i
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails... Oct 10. 20. JO
Short Line to "Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and an points In the Xorth-wemt.
Through tickets to nil points East.
E. C. WARD. General Afrent.
CO Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS "WILi. LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. in.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkone with steamers for In-
dia, etc. Xo carso received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October 17. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU.....:... •"¦•¦i- 9M
Tuesday. November 13, 1900
SS. XIPPOX MARU-.. --
Thursday. December C, 19C0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fr»Uht and passage apply a* company's office.
421 Market street, corner nt First.
W. H. AVERT. General Arent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOKDOlf, PA2I3.
Stopping at Chertxmrg. westbound.
Frfm New York Everr Wednesday. 10 a. nx.
St Paul.. Oct. ITfSt. Paul Nov. 1
gt Louis Oct- *« £*• Louis Nov. 14
Xew Tork Oct Si'New Tork Xov. 1?
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
Fr"m V»w York F.very Wednesday. '12 noon.
YTesteroland Oct. 17Frlei«land Nov. 7
Kensington Oct. 24 Southwark .... Xov. 14
Xoordland Oct. 31 jJor. 17
For freleht and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery »t. Or any of Its ag"nts.
70XPA0XI5 GEKXRAL3 . TBA951TLAHTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE-PARIS. «,—^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of^nrn*
Saturday, from Xcvrmher 2. 1^39. at *J*wfc»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. Xorth River, foot of
Morton street. I/AOUITAIXE. Oct. 11: I*A
LORRAINE. Oct. IS; LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 25:
LA TOURAINE, Nov 1. ¦ First class to Uavre.
135 and upward. Second class to Havre. 142 £>
and upward. GEXKRAL ACEXCT FOR
UNITED STATES and CAXADA. J2 Bmadway
<Huri«on building).' Xew Tort. J. F. FUOAZI
ft CO., Pacific Coast Agents, i Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.3. CO.— HOXOT.TJXTJ', APIA
A1TOVMXO AND SYDNEY.
SS QtJEEN (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. October 17. 2 p.m.
S3. ALAMEDA to New Zealand and Aus-
tralia Wednesday. October 21. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA to Tahltf
Tnursrtay. November I. « p. m.
> JL D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agt*., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacifc St Freiaht Office. 327 Market St
BAT AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
• Steamer " Montlcello."
MON.. Tue».. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:15
a. m.. J:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nizht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. t
p. m. Landing nnd office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier Xo. 2. .Telephone Main iZOi
FARE ..(09THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOND AY, OCTOBER 8, 1900.
8
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
ur.til 12 o'clock every night in the year.
HRANCH OFFICES— 51'7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
€3* McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
tjctil S i>. m.
106 Eleventh Ftreet; open until J p. m.
10S6 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; orien until 9 p. m.
MEETIXO XOTICES^
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. H.
K- T.. Golden Gate building. 625 Butter C O*
Bt.— Special assembly THIS EVENING F]
at 8 o'clock. The Order of the Tem- »
pie will he conferred. All fraters are w
courteously Invitrd.
ROUT. MCMILLAN, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
a
SAN FRANCISCO Charter No, L
Royal Arch Masons. meets THIS TCJT
EVENING. Degrees i and 6. ' >^ '
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL. Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ¦
M.-TH1B (MONDAY) EVENING, at
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master 7CJC
Masons cordially Invited. By order of '
the W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge. No. 212. •
F. and A. M., m.-^ts THIS (MONDAY) _AV_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second 3C3T
Decree . By order of the Master. /Xr »
MEMBERS of Golden Gate Lodge <^*jCfgs-
No. 20C7. G. X'. O. of O. F.— Meet- ¦§J>*T5ai'
Ing called at lodgeroom. C2 OTar : ?55*'U3?
rell st.. MONDAY EVENING, -T&W
October F. to make arrangements for the
burial of our deceased brother, CHARLES
THOMPSON. By order Of
CHAS. F. DEANE, N. G.
A. D. JONES. P. 8.
TVALHALI.A Encampment No. 7. I. O. «k jg
O. F.— The officers and the funeral y[^
committee of the above named encamp- y\
mer.t are hereby notified to assemble * *
at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market and
S*>v»-nth sts.. on TUESDAY. Oct. 9. at 1:30
o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother and patriarch.
CHARLES METZLER. By order of the
Ch. P. CHAS. QDABT. Financial Scribe.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
• process from the Pejirey Consolidated Gravel
M'.r.iru, Company, In the Homeward Bound.
Evening £tar and Morning Light mines, near
Iowa Hill. Placer County, to dei>oslt tailings
In Indian Canyon: from Mary E. Ruth et als.,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings in a
worked-out t<it: from the RalFton Divide Gold
Mining Company. In the Pat Goggins anfl
Blacksmith Flat mines, near Virner. Placer
County, to deposit tailinKS in Long Canyon;
from Nathan Gardiner, in the Sidney placer
m!ne, near Igo, Shasta County, to deposit
tailings In Sidney Gulch, and from A. W.
Whitney and C. V. Hej.ler, In the Miocene
mine, near Crescent Mills. Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Rush Creek, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, Pan Francisco, Cal., on October 15,
1900. «t 1:30 p. m. • 1
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— NoUc'e Is hereby
holders of THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA
will be beld at the banking house In this city
on TUESDAY. October 8. 1900. at II o'clock
a. m. By order of the Beard of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
AGENTS WAXTED.
TO handle Rotlnson's ThVrrn^rBattT"cTbT5et?
Pacific Agents Supply Co.. 3461 Eighteenth st.
AGENTS of ability and experience In life Insur-
ance. Call at rt>cm 101. S9T Market, cor Sixth.
ASI'HALTUM HOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
floor* laid, repaired: postal. USS Mission st.
ASTROLOGY.
ERNEST R. GREEN positively proven the stars
rule your fate. !«(« Market st.. second floor.
MME. HirKET— Astrolngist: horoscopes. 50c;
card reading and palmistry. 2»c. 1933 Mission.
DR. C. T. TAYLOR. Pcientiflc astrologer, eom-
rutes hiir^wpt; liy Ptolerny method. 765 Mkt.
ATTORVEVS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. s:7 Market St.,
room C27: estates, da maces, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections: all cases: fair fees;
no advance rhargeg; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, arty at law. S3) Market, cor. Stockton.
FREE advice; dWorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. Z14 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. S27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
1.. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. iZl Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BATH CABIXETS.
ROBINSON $5. 4-panel folding; door opens: firm
ar.d saf^ tV. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 4*6 E1IU.
UOARUIXG FOR CHILDREN.
GERMAN la-Jy wishes infant babies to board;
rood references. 429 Minna St.
LADV with own home would like 1 or I small
children to board; good care. 3218 Sixteenth.
BUSIXE5S CHAXCES.
A — PARTY wanted in manufacturing business;
patf-ntej article; Vi be used Jn every house-
hold; large jirofits and immense sales In sight;
& rare business proposition. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. Xht Kearay st,
A— tiX>; RESTAURANT and oyster house;
close to Hail of Justice; daily receipts JJO;
owner must sell or take good jfcirtner; cause
6lckness. See R. G. WILKE. 28V4 Kearny st.
A-431O; BIVCHER *hop. with horse and cart,
in b*-«t location of Western Addition; place
established tor years and doing a first-class
business; a splendid chance for any man.
Call II. G. WILKE. :€4 Kearny et.
A— $100; BUTCHER shop on Valencia St.;
monthly receipts about JJ200; relline 4 cattle
per week: low rent; good business. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26>4 Keamy st.
A— $309; STATIONERY, notions and branch
bakery: 5 living rooms; cheap rent and a
(rood-paying business. Call B- G. WILKE.
£6-j Kearny st.
A-$4C«; RESTAURANT on Valencia et; rent
%2i>: cr with 7 furnished rooms, $700; rent $15
for all; good place; dejith of child cause of
Belling: a bargain." See R. G. WILKE. 26 1 *
Kearny et.
A-iCCO; RESTAURANT, t blocks north of
Chronicle building; first -class prices: rent
$35: owner wishes to eell on account of other
business tntragements. Call R. G. WILKE,
"<: : i- Kearny Et. -¦
A— $14CKt; FALCON established many years;
half a blcK-k north of Mason and Market;
rent $.-: a lirst-eiass. paying place; partners
cant agree cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE.
26*4 Kearny rt.
A— $1100; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location in the Mission; rent $35; 4 living
rooms: t.laoe establit^hed years; owner, a
widow, -a-am* to retire. Call It. G. WILKE.
:.¦•¦¦ 1 Kearny at.
A-$S50; DELICACIES, lunch; receipts $25; trial
$400— Tomer saloon; S fur. rooms; no rent.
t~K— Oor. cigar store; downtown: bargain.
S^<0— 1* housekpg. ma. ; clearing $60; Turk st.
tlOOO—^ountrj- ealocn; Al offer.
$:W-Salo.,n: S fur. rmf.; recejpts $20: trlaj.
$1200— I>ay saloon, wholesale dist., nr. Market.
t2C»— Tor. saloon, r.orth Market; grand offer.
$3000 — Gei! mrroh. Ftcre; prosperous town.
Apply KKI-LY. 131 Montgomery st.. room 1.
A— RESTAURANT in b»*t part of city; must
h*> sold this dav. COWINO, 71S Market Ft.
A — HCTiZL: l^?t location: money maker: coll
mt once. rnv.IM; & CO.; Tl'i Market t>t. '
A— CORNER saloon:- good location ~this Is a
bargain. COWING & CO., 71> Market »L
A— ROOMING-HOUSE: north Market "Time lo-
catloti: clears $7i niocth. COWIN'G & CO
71» Market r\ '
A— CORNER butcher ehop; mi:-t go Monday
/ without fall. See COWING & CO.. 718 Market.
MM Uisia candy and ice cream parlors in
heart cr city; splendid fixture*; good buM-
nts»; living nonm. LANE & CO., bd Market.
A— SAY. F1BBEB & CO.. have you Jodgtng-
houses? Y*-*. What price? t?00 up. any lo-
cation desired; 12 rooms. f3W; 10 rooms. J450;
10 rooms, new. JSfiO. f:ne; 23 rooms, bargain.
$T50; 37 rms./$2000, Fnap; all slzee. all prices,
all new bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market.
BUTCHER buslne**; daily sales JM); flne equip-
ment: slrkneFs cause of felling: must be sold
on Mondayrtcall early. SCHWEINHARD &
CO.. 917 Market st.._ bet. Fifth and Sixth.
$500— RESTAURANT, delicacy and bakery:
central: doing fine business. DASILE.'J Eddy.
EALOON for *a!«»: or>:>o*it* the f«rry. Apply
111 Ea5t «.. north of Market; no agents.
FOR SALE— Klondike Oyster House; money -
maker; cause sickness. IK Third st.
$1500— GROCERY and fruit store; eood-pnylng
business; south of Market; . good location;
present owner, there 6 years. wUhes to sell
on account of other business. Box 227S, Call.
PARTNER with tiWQ in fine merchant tailoring
business: tio cutter needed. Box 22S1. CalL
GOOD business man as partner In flourishing
contrac-t buelnens. Box 2272, Call offlM. »
|2(,0_STA TIONER Y and periodical store; In-
voice $000. 14S Fourth st. .
EALOON for sale; half cr as a whole. £39
WMhiwrton «t. -
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
$1000— ONE- HALF Interest In branch office al
Seattle. Wash.;.' main office located In thie
city; will guarantee an average of $125 per
month to' purchaser;' If either one Is dle6atl4-
fitd at the end of six months will pay pur-
chaser $100 per month and give him $1000 f»l
the return of. ah. Interest; purchaser required
to take full charge; short hours. Address
box 2262. Call office.
$1500— FOR *a!e— Half-Interest In first-class
money-making business; suitable for lady 01
gentleman r $7.V> cash and $750 to be paid out
of profits: $t.*.r,n stock on hand; the purchase'
can retain $400 to extend the business; th«
purchaser must yike entire charge, tne own-
er's time Is otherwise engaged; open to in-
vestigation. . Addref s . box 2274, Call office.
TO let— Butcher shop -.complete; established foi
12 years; apply- 1S0O Howard St., cor. Four-
teenth. MRg.JJUMAS.
FINELY equipped business college, located in
Stockton. Cnl.. for Bale or rent. Write to
C. E. DOAN. Stockton. Cal.
A BARGAIN; corner grocery, with. bar; cash
business: Mission district: no agents; terms
ca*h; Investigation Invited. Box 4193. Call.
FOR sale— Philadelphia Oyster House: BO Sev-
enth st.. opp. new poBtcfflce building; selling
business on account of sickness.
PLUMBING *hcp. stock, shop tools, horse and
wi.prm for *ale: In good location. Address
box 4401. Call office.
$250— WANTED— Partner In oyster and chop-
house; object, to keep open all night: good
opportunity. Address Business. Call office.
WASTED- Partner for restaurant business:
small capital required; lady preferred. Box
4192. Call office.
j BAKERY— 1101 Howard st.; store and 2 rooms;
j Lake oven, with large basement: rent cheap.
! VALUABLE Canadian potent of Interest to
j foundrymen. Box 224L Call.
I CORNER grocery and bar will be sold cheap;
living rooms. 1363 Folsom st. "
LODGIXG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
I 9 ROOMS: Jone3 st.: bargain $2.V)
14 rooms; Golden Gate ave.: a snap 500
15 rooms; Mission st. ; at your own price.
; 5S rooms: best corner In city: very cheap. 3000
j 10? rooms: Market St.: sure fortune 4100
! Inspect our Huts. We have seme bargains
I and are doing the trade. Come In anfl see us.
j EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy st.. cor. Market.
j A— HOTEL FOR SALE ¦¦¦¦.¦
140 ROOMS. 100 REGULAR BOARDERS
Sure to clear $100 every month; owner
; sick and cannot live In city.
.....gee this grand bargain
i Investigation requested: offer wanted. For
j sale only by H^ C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
i R. H. WINSTON &~CO.. 1026 Market st t
; TELEPHONE MINT 1591
1 27 rooms tS30| S3 rooms $.1300
I 30 rooms I2K0I 60 rooms ». 20C0
¦ 50 rooms SCOOilOO rooms E500
'¦ LODGING-HOUSE buyers attention— Houses at
j leduced prices; Genuine bargains; sizes and
i location to suit; motiey loaned. SCHWEIN-
| HARD & CO.. S17 Market st.. between Fifth
! and Sixth: phone Mail. «
: A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $icon
• JO-rbom houseiiflrnt-class 1050
! ll«room house; mT5: 6-room flat 325
FIEHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
A — S0-ROOM hotel: modern: large lot; 2 stores;
always full; on main business street In Ala-
meda; $7500; very easy terms. Apply A. M.
EPECK & CO..- 687 Market st.
j MARION GRD7FIN,
1 719 Market «.. room 1; tel. Black 1S03; see my
list of 75 houtws; to-day's Examiner.
A— FURNISHED house of seven rooms for
I eale: ret.t of bouse very cheap; rooms all full.
I Ar-ply 1?15 Stockton st. • .
i NINE rooms: nicely furnished: opposite Pan-
! handle of Park: room renting clears rent;
j price $C0O. Address box 2292. Call office.
! FOR SALE— A 10-room lodging-house ,for $125.
j 1251'i Mission St.
j MODERN 6-room . flat for sale; pent low.
: Apply 1529 Howard st.
i MODERN six-room flat for sale; rent low.
! Apply at 1529 Howard st.
i WONDERFUL bargain — S-room house; hand-
i eomely fur. . M. A. Brooks, 12 Golden Gate av.
! NICELY furnished 15-room house; cheap rent;
j easy terms or cheap for cash. 742 O'Farrell.
$125 BUYS lodging-house. 10 rooms, all rented;
rent $22 60. Including water. 108 Second st.
} LODGING-HOUSE WANTED.
I WANTED — Small rooming house; muet' be
f cheap and In good location. Box 2280. Call.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
I — - -r~ ~^~ ; —
J FOR SALE — 1 piano-box buggy, strongly built;
also road -cart and set of buggy harness; all
partly new.' Apply 404 Third st. ¦
ALL kinds Of. wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission et
j AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
! camping wagon, for sale cheap. ES2 Mission.
1 NEW & 2d-hand wagons, bugglps, carts & har-
nets. work & delving horses. 15th & Valencia.
! SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
j ICAN SPON'GE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st.
i SPIRITUALISM.
I _ _- lVj . J .., ,.^.,., ,, ...,* tJ l^ J ., J ~_r^ 1 -_r^,- ..- -.i^^f^^j-
1 ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; cirs.Sun.,Wed.,Frl.
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
CIS Eddy tt.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
! MATCHETT holds circle to-night. 8 o'clock?
; 10c; test to all; sittings dally. 50c v 132 Fourth.
i MME. MAJORS, gifted eplritual medium,
I healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st., room 1.
I MRS. LESTER— Circles Sun..' Tues.. Frl. eve..
1 10c: readings, daily. 200 Turk St.. room 4.
j SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, removed
I to 1610 California st.
' MISS SOPHIA 6EIP— Sun. at t and dally read-
ings, f.tb. & Mkt: st?.. Oakland. People's Hh.1I.
j FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
I Meyer, fit. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
I MRS. J. J. WHITNET. clairvoyant, test, busl-
ness medium, life reader: sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
j CLAIRVOYANTS.
j MME. POKTER.' wonderful clairvoyant & card
{ reader, born with double veil & second sight.
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles dOc;
gent $1; palm. & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
j ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
¦ palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
: 6th; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
j MME. BERNARD*, reads life fluently; advice
I given In all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
1 anteed; 25c up. '17 Third Bt., next Examiner.
i MRS. E. SANDERS. 614 Taylor st.. near Geary
j — Clairvoyant, 'palmist and business medium;
I ladles' circle .Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Frl., 8; cir. 25c.
I MME. A. CERVANTES^ the celebrated Spanish
j fortune teller, rives best advice In difficult
| matters. 19 Fulton St.. near Larkin.
! CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst, palm-
! 1st and card reading. 25c. 1241«4 Market st.
! KME. WORELL. late from Washington; trance
f medium: private sittings, $1. 821 Mission st.
! CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant; 25c. 349%
i M'nna Bt., ner.r Fifth.
MME. ZERFDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
lrt and csrd'ieader: 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
j MME. AUGUST, -clairvoyant, card reader and
pilmlstry: truth or no pay; 2.V:. 1149 Mission.
i MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
j prteent. future. 25c. US Sixth st.. room 14.
! MRS. E. M. DUVALL. clairvoyant and healer,
diagnoses dUeafces. - 425 Golden Gate ave.
: CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium, card
I reader. 2T>c up. K23 Mission St.. nr. 4th: noslgn.
j MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. w»-
j ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German rpoken.
f MME. RCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
"Mtlngr dally, ?12V> Sixth Bt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; ?5c up. 5 Fourth st. .
CARPET BRATIXG AND CI.KAXI.XG.
j WHEN you become dl»gust<-d with poor ¦ work
?tnd to PPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
I Ing Work«.,?;3-a.T7 Tehama Ft.; tel. South 40.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid' at 5c.
: STRATTON'S, Z Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
' J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
I vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. «S-40 Eth St. : tel. South 25a
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Oato ave. : telephone East 126. ¦ ¦
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
pulr.lpyp; rnn«tilfn free. Dr.Duncan.41& Sutter.
"""^ COLLECTION OFFICES^ ~
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No cnarge un-
less successful. Room 110. »27 Vtarket «t.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION' pleating factory: all klnds"piea^
ing, pinking. 121 Po«t. overO'ConnorfcMoffatt.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private cists; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
liaery School; French eytteau ill Vaa Mess.
DENTISTS.
I A^n^ELE^Ro'-DENTXfrcXlNIcrsCO Mar-
. ket St., cor. 4th.. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
• • $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
I p. m. G: W.' WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
' EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filling*; extractions or fillings by my won-
1 derful secret, painless feethod; 20 years* ex-
¦ perlence; no students; advice free; prices
t cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
. DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
! A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years: crowns and bridge-
work teeth without a plate: filllnes. oOc.
crowns. $S 50; plates, full set. $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
. lors. 24 Sixth st. ' .
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
I Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.. Consult
, 'us on crowns and bridges. Teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
', TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 50;
bride* work. $5: all the latest methods for
' painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
! Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
• DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: gas given.
DR. WALSH. S15H Geary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction D0c; plates $5 up; Tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full Fet of «eeth. $¦»: crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— •"Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOIJN'C. 1841 TV>Hc wt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
v DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animal; treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills,
by drufftrists or at hospital, 510 Golden Gate av.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market st. ; day
and evening? Individual instruction, $S per
month; life scholarsnlp, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best In S. F. ; catalogue free.
I GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course f50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and. mining engineering, etc.; day
and nifrht sessions ; new S0-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 305 Larkin
Et.. cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week, $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M.VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
J23. TARR. expert accnt.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING.clvll, elec, mining, mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est.1864.
VAN DAR NAILI.EN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio:
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S3S Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
.ILLUSTRATION— Nirht class. 424 Pine st.
FRENCH.Spanish.etc.Prof.DeFlllppe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post; establd 1871;ablest pro's
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
I ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
I etc.. day or eve. : $5 rnp. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese, Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 6188.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co. — Waiters, cooks.
dishwashers; est. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese ernp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic sen'. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell et. : tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FE.MALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German nurse girl wants
position; good ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
I RESPECTABLE woman wishes position to do
housework In small family or would take
care of an Invalid or keep house for wid-
ower with children: best of ref<*enees. Call
or address MRS. M. CRAIG. 2136 Union St.
SWEDISH girl desires position to do general
housework. Address or apply 15 Freelon st.,
near Third.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged ' German
lady as working housekeeper; no objection to
children. Call CS-76 Ellis St., room 89, 1 to 3.
GERMAN woman wishes washing, Ironing and
housecleaning by the day. Call at 210% Hitch
St., In the rear, bet. Bryant and Brannan.
WANTED — By two German girls, housework;
would like to be together. Address A.
HEINECKE. box 4712, Call office. "
GIRL wants a situation for housework and
cookins. 1131 McAllister St.
YOUNG woman wants to work In restaurant
or housework by the day. 403 Third st.
•WOMAN wants washing and cleaning by fhe
dar. 211 Fourth St.. between 3 and 3.
GOOD family cook, willing to do housework.
Call at 3 Seventh st.
GIRL wants general housework and cooking;
wages $10. 127A Silver st.
GERMAN woman- wants washing, ironing and
housecleaning by the day. 1651 Howard st.
COMPETENT young lady would like position
in some office or as cashier; familiar with
Remington typewriter and good copyist; best
of references furnlFhed. Box 2294, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; city or
country; good references; good wages ex-
pected 39 Fifth et.
SITUATION wanted— A respectable woman
wishes a position as housekeeper with elderly
people, or work by day. Call at C19*4 Octavla.
LADY wishes position as companion In family
and as?!.-t with light housework; $2 25 a
week. Box 2269. Call.
GERMAN girl desires sltuatldh as good cook
In a private American family. Call at 423
Sixth Bt. "
SMART girl, willing to learn to be a medium;
willing to. travel with a professional man.
Box 470C. Call office.
SWEDISH girl, first-class cook, wishes situa-
tion In American family In city: wages' $30
to 125. Address box 22C0, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $S
week: convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— MALE.
COOK wants work; good, careful cook, or
would co as second cook. T. SMITH, 318
Minna St.
BUTCHER, best Of references, desires good
- situation. Butcher, M3 Mason st.
SINGLE man. sober and Industrious, with good
knowledge Of stock raising and general farm-
Ins, also the care of deciduous and cttrui fruit
trees, wants to take -charge of grazing or
. small fruit ranch: good references. Address
L. C, 415 Powell st. '
QUARTZ ' miner, good tlmberman and tool
dresser wants work; references given; will
go anywhere If wages satisfactory. Box 3791,
Call office. - - ¦ ¦. . ...
COACHMAN who Is thorough horseman, good
driver,, sober and reliable, wants situation;
can milk or care for small garden If re-
quired: pood references. Box 4703, Call office.
COACHMAN wants employment: good refer-
ences; thoroughly competent. Address box
3735. Call office. .
A GOOD wagon and sign writer wants a per-
manent position' In city or country. Box
2772. Call. .
YOUNG man would like position at mine; un-
derstands gold, sUver, copper and lead assay-
ing. W. B. DAVIS," 2509 Larkin st.
SINGLE man, willing to work, would like a
steady Job. Box -2273. Call. -.
OPEN for employment: engineer and washer.
Address C. H.. 3121 Sixteenth Bt.
BAKER — A cood cake baker wants steady Job;
bakery or restaurant. Address 245 Eighth st.
top flat. . - /
A PROTOGRAPHER desires position in a gal-
lery. HARVEY; Y. M. C. A.. Ban Francisco.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
COACHMAN— Situation wameTTy^MberTTn-
dustrious man; thoroughly competent. ED
AUSTIN. Menlo Park.. Cal. : - . - ¦-,
JAPANESE young boy who speaks English
wants: to wait at table as school boy. Acl-
dress K: B. K., 1329 Pine st. _-
JAPANESE 'tailor wants position In family to
do general needle work as a school boy. Ad-
dress O. K.. 1329 Pine st.
WANTED— Position as practical nurse; re-
1 fpectable and strictly sober. Box 2264. Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants housework and go to
evening school. Address 239 O'Farrell st.
EXCHAXGE.
TO exchange— A $200 watch for a flne buggy.
522 Polk St."
< H^^ RT OrTICIA _fo' „
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justPd. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
financial;
INVEST your money In manufacturing; safe,
profitable; $200 lowest amount accepted: com-
pany organizing; 6 % guarantd. Box 2250, Call.
IF you have blocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
¦\VANTED-$20,000 at 7 per cent of first mort-
gatre. Box 2229. Call office. /
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS AND. HOUSES TO~RENT?~
9 r. f.. 119S Ellis.. ..$8015 r . f., 1711 Mason. .$15
9 r. f., 1515 Hyde.... 4714 r. f.. S04 Buchanan 8
7 r. f., 219 Polk 2715 r. c, 631 Jersey.... ll
6 r. f.. 641 Fulton 20 4 r. f.. 919 Vallejo.. 10
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO.. M? Mkt.
IF you'want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & H0WELL.» 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat, 4 sunny rooms: wash trays; yard;
2 car lines; rent $10. 436 Elizabeth, near Noe.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms and bath; modern lm-
provements. 3442 Twentieth St., corner Capp.
SUNNY desirable flat*, Oak and Laguna sts. ;
7, 8 and 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. -
TO let— Flat of 4 large rooms, batfi and laun-
- dry; Mlaslon Warm Belt. 347 Liberty st.
$1^— FLAT 4 rooms and bath; north of Market:
healthy place; no children. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FFXL, 111— Four nicely furnished rooms; bath;
sunny yard. -.
furxiture" for~saleI
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURX1TIIRE WAXTEP.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 1.94;
•furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TV. E. CODY Xlate with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Redi 3353.
HELP *. ANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — 4 waitresses. $20. to go south, ; fare
paid; 4 waitresses, $20, to go north, fare paid;
*' eecond cook, hotel, $30, see party to-day; hotel
waitress, $25. city; waitress and chamber-
maid,- $25; 2 waitresses together, $15 each; 6
chambermaids and waitresses. $20 and $25;
chambermaid, plain washing, $20, fare paid;
2 pantry girls, $20 and $2o; 2 cooks for men,
$25, $30; 4 hotel cooks, $25, $30. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st'.
C. R. HANSEN & CO I... Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $25, city; waitress, Fresno,
$25; waitress, Winnemucca, New, $25; wait-
ress. Gait, $20; 2 waitresses, Santa Fe, $20; 3
waitresses, Arizona, $20. see party here Mon-
day a' 2 p. m. ; 2 waitresses, Portervllle, $20;
2 waitresses, city. $20: chtunbermalds, to wait,
city, Martinez and Madera, $20 each; restau-
rant waitress. $H week; 2 cooks, $30 and $22 50.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Working housekeeper, $20. see party here;
house girl, Msrtinez, $20; house girl. Redwood
City, $20; Invalid's nurse. $25; 5 cooks, city
and country, $30: house girls, second glrls^
nurRe girls, city and country. C. It. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— NOTICE— 12 house girls for very choice
places In small American families. -C R.
HANSEN &. CO.. 1(H Geary st. .
A COOK and second girl, Bakersfleld..$30 & $20
German nursery governess J,23
Cook, small American family $25
Second girl. San Mateo. $25
in second girls. $20 and $25
Hotel waitress, San Rafael $20-
Working housekeeper, country $2.0
Working housekeeper, city .$15
. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NURSE for Oakland. $30; cook. $35; second girl,
$25; boarding-house cook, $25; ranch cook. $25;
cook 8 men. $25, office fee paid; hpuse
girl. $J0. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.*
A COMPETENT cook, also a good second *girl,
for the country: small family; good wages;
9:30 to 13. 1526 Sutter st.
WE want a few lady solicitors for the Loleta
Beauty Cream; salary and commission. The
Bon Ton Beauty Parlors. 324 Poet st.
WANTED — Girl or woman for grown children,
upstairs work and mending. 617 Steiner at.,
near Hayes. j
EXPERIENCED young lady wanted for candy
Ftore; steady work. 1409 Polk st.
YOUNG girl as second girl for upstairs work.
. 1502 Post St.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' talloress to work on
tailor-made suits. 2107 Fillmore st.
WAXTED — An apprentice for millinery; paid
while. learning. Apply 2608 Bush st. ¦._.-, y ..,
GIRL for light housework; good borne; wages
$10 to $12 month. 13S Russ st.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
wages $20; references. 1£34 Fell st.
A GOOD talloress on men's clothes; good
wages. SC6 Fourth Bt.
WANTED- Young girl to assist with house-
work. 2S29 Bush st.
YOUNG German girl for cooking In bakery; $20.
337 Turk gt.
WANTED — Apprentices for dressmaking; paid
while learning. Room 49, 121 Post st.
WOMAN wanted for a fed days' house-clean-
ln^. 117 South Park.
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework.
1&20 Sutter st. '
GIRL to assist In restaurant; wages $15. Call
at 202 Townsend st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on coats; steady
work. 220 Sutter St.. room 19.
GIRL to assist In housework and cooking;
wages $20; reference. 1129 Pierce Bt.
WOMAN wanted for light housework; no wash-
lng. 4?3 Clementina st.
WANTED — Woman for housework; plain cook-
Ing; small family. 9 Glenn Park ave.
WAITRESS, ica Hyde st. *-
WOMAN or girl, with or without a child, for
general housework at 1304 Post st. ,
GIRL to wait at table: restaurant. 233 Sixth st.
WAITRESS wanted. 113 Third St.
GIRL for light housework. 2131 Bush St."; apply
9 to 12 a. m.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. Apply at 631
Clay st. .
YOUNG elrl to assist In general housework.
1805 Fillmore st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
A WOMAN capable of manufacturing Infants"
and children's headwear: must be first-class
designer; good salary and permanent posi-
tion: state full particulars. Z. & Co., box
22*9, Call office. _.
A- GIRL to learn threading needles for Swiss
cmbrolding machines. M. KRAKER, 228
Uu.vh st.
REFINED Catholic housekeeper: must under-
stand care of girl 5 -years; wages $12. 44
Mint ave. \ »
WANTED— Experienced finishers; also girls to
sew buttons oa shirts. EAGLESON & CO.,
535 Market st. . .
PRACTICAL woman, wanted; some business*
exr-erience: to travel for wholesale house.
Box 4703. Call office. '
FIRST-CLASS lady corset solicitors: excellent
garment: salnry or commission. Address box"
22C7. Call office. * '
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice: stfady work. Call WM. T. VALEN-
t TINE. 3S4 Geary St. , ¦
GIRL,, assist housework and' plain cooking;
email family. Call Monday at 312 Fillmore st.
FIRST-CLASS sklrtmakers and apprentices
wanted. BOWHAY, 516 Sutter st. -^
WANTED— A; reliable young girl for light
boupework. 7S2 Geary st.
GIRLS .wanted In pickle works. 433 Seventh
street. .
WANTED— A nurse girl : - wages $10; call be-
tween 10 and 12. .3342 Clay st.
YOUNG girl for . housework. ¦ no h'eavy wosk,
$20; references. . 73fk Bay si., mu 'fvlh. t
HELP . WAXTED- — FEMALE.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32V4 Fremont st. ; no experience necessary;
good wages.- Apply to 1IR. DAVIS. '
GIRL for light housework; no washing; wages
" $10. 3S24 Army st. •
PAPER box factory. 10. experienced girls.
WEMPE BROS.. 127 Mission St.. cor. Main.
WANTED— Experienced ' necktie makers. EA-
GLESON & CO.. 635 Market st.
OPERATORS on custom . vests; good pay;
steady work. S41 -Market Bt.
A FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladles' tailoring;
none others need apply. 524 Post st. r
WANTED— A girl for light housework: plain
cooking; no washing or baking. 2S0S 24th st.
EGPERIENCED finishers and apprentices on
pants. E. H. LEVY. 513 Market st. ; ¦ j
GIRL wanted for cooking and general hous«-
work; wages $20. Apply at 1025 Devlsadero.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
*_. . "^r _,: T l '*^y.?!! E . p r' : ' 1AI ' E _'
LATJNDRYMAN and wife. $50; farmer and
wife. $40; fanners. $1 day: fruit and grape
pickers, $1 day; 5 miners. $2 50 day; laborers
for mine; eheepherder, $25; 2 vaqueroa, $25,
- foreman 'for ranch; 20 railroad laborers, free
fare; 8 swampers, $35, part fare advanced;
laborers for country, fare paid; carpentert,
• city and country'. $3 to $3 50 day, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
COOK and wife. $90. see employer here this
morning t baker and pastry cook. $45; board-
Ing-house cook, $40; dishwashers, $20 and $25;
porter and waiter for Institution. J25; waiters
and other hotel and restaurant help. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st. .: v
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary et.
Free Fare R. R. Work Free Fare
100 teamsters and laborers, State of Nevada,
$2 a day
ICO laborers for S. P. Co., on different divi-
sions, regular wages
Fee $1 Ship Dally. Free Fare
20 laborers for S. P. Co.'s own work at Surf,
Santa Barbara Co.. regular wages, free fare..
10 laborers to build a big dam, »2 50 a day,
half fare advanced, ship Monday
6 railroad carpenters, $3 a day, free fare;- 10
iwampers for the woods. $35 and board, half
fare advanced; 2 laborers for a mine, $30 and
board
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, country hotel, $60; second cook,
country hotel, $40: third cook for mine. $35;
dishwasher for mine. $30; pantryman for ho-
tel. Nevada, $40, fare advanced ; 3 hotel waiters,
country, $30 and $23; bellboy, city. $15; ele-
vator boy, city, $20; bellboy, country hotel,
$12 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED
I milkers, city. $30; milker. Slsklyou, $30;
milker and make butter, $30; 2 winery hands,
$1 15 a day and board; cook. Institution. $40;
cook, boarrtlng-house, country, $40l slaughter-
er, country, $33; 2 laboret* for mine. $1 75 a
day: gardener, country. J25; fruit pickers. 75c
a day and board: 10 woodchoppers, Santa
Cruz. 4-foot wood; laundry man. $35 and fd.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A MAN to buy out a route; good-paying busl-
nt-«s. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A COLORED bellboy; $10. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, short distance, $45. Apply
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Steady man; light, genteel work;
will pay $15 to $15 per week; small capital re-
quired. 101S Market St.. room 10.
BARBER, first-class, would, like steady place
In San Francisco or Oakland. Address J. M. I
H.. 914 Seventh St.. Oakland. -¦'-::- 1
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD & I
CO.. 718 Market 8t.
WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S.
YOUNG man wanted In gents' furnishing goods
" business. LANZET. 44 East at.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside or
outside. 626 Montgomery st.
3 LABORERS, pick and shovel. 14th ave. and
N st. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
WANTED— A bootblack; steady. 1201H Polk
I Bt., near Sutter. .... |
. j
I
DOY at Boulln's printing office. 519 Filbert st.
WANTED— A young Irishman to assist In a
saloon; reference. Box 4710, Call office.
BARBERS— Two-chair shop for sale. 200 Pow-
ell Et.
A THIRD hand on bread and cakes. Apply
bakery. 1S23 Polk st.
SHOEMAKER and repairer wanted. 319 Ma-
son rt.
WANTED— Good waiter at Healy's Restaurant,
1119 Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
PAINTER wanted. Corner Pierce st. and
Broadway.
FIRST-CLASS painters wanted at 463 Geary
street.
JOB compositor.- Academy Printing House, 819
Market St., ground floor.
WANTED— Sober, elderly man as night clerk.
Call 9 o'clock at 143 Third st
LUNCH waiter wanted. '4S4 Fifth st.
YOUNG butcher for shop and wagon. 1S23
Point Lottos ave.
SHOEMAKER. 1C33 Mission st.
WAITER for coffee house; good wages. 112
Kearny st.
BOY who can work on custom tailoring; steady
work. 550A Minna St. -¦-¦-. :.¦;
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st. •' '."¦ : -^v
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale. 19 Turk St.;
on account coins East.
BARBERS— A complete 3-chair outfit for sale
at a bargain. Call 902 Larkin st. -; ? -y;-
BARBER shOD for sale cheap. Corner Golden
Gate ave. and Hyde St.; account leaving. j
MECHANICS— All non-union mechanics, such
as carpenters, painters, plumbers and other
craftsmen wanting work at their traded are
requested to register at the Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny St., room 9; no
charges or office fees.
2 CARPENTERS. Oakland: 4 bench hands,
planing mill, city; 1 bench hand, Oakland; 4
carpenters, city; cabinet-makers, at Mechan-
ics' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny st. ; no
charges.
WANTED— A steady, well educated young man,
healthy and active, and with good references,
to learn the poultry business: liberal Induce-
ments and a permanent place If satisfactory.
- Santa Teresa Poultry Farm, Edenvale, Cal.
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
In city and county; experience not necessary;
wp teach you the business; good contracts for
sober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co., 300 Post st., cor. Stockton.
MEN wanted *to learn barber trade; only eight
wctfks required; positions guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to . know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to. $2 per week.
BARBER shop for sale, in country town, es-*
tabllshed 30 years; a rare opportunity. For
" full particulars apply at once to DECKEL-
MAN BROS., 106 Ellis Bt. . .
WANTED— Four rubble stone masons at First
and E sts.. San Rafael, Macln County. E.
SCHWIESAN. »
EXPERIENCED man for Colt'« armory cut-
ting- and creasing paper box machine; make
ready and feed. IS Fremont st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply between 10 and
II a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, the London
Tailor. 721 Market st. *
WANTED — A middle-aged man to tend b»r;
I experience and references required. Apply
454 Sixth. Bt.
i GOOD helper In wagon factory; steady work.
j 630 Broadway. - - ¦ •
I EXPERIENCED men to handle the sale of
j stock: st?ady employment. Box 7270, .Call.
I FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers; union men.
¦ PINK & SCHINDLER. 1309 Market st . '
FEEDERS for Job presses and cylinder. 16 \
, Fremont st. •
WANTED— A tailor at 520 Kearny st., first
•floor, -room- 1; steady place. — -> ...-.
WANTED— Errand boy. 766 Geary «t. '"
i WANTED— Third hand on bread; 'wages $35,
board and lodging.. 2S08 Twenty-fourth 6t.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
I 10 MEN for' merchant ships.' all parts of the
i world. HERMAN. 26 Steuart St.
STOLTZ, barber, supplies, removed from 630
; Market (basement) to 636 Market St., upstairs.
¦; UNDERPRESSERS wanted on coats, pants
¦ and vests.- 541 Market st. -
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
f cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
: price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
!.- all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
. MEN and wonten to learn barber S. F.
4 BAIUJUa COLLEGE, 741A Howard st.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 5SM j
..Leading Employment and Labor Ageents..
" . WANT AT 7 A. M. MONDAY
FREE WE SHIP EVERYBODY FREE
...To all parts of California, Utah, Nevada...
NUMBER. WANTED AT. WAGES.
154— Nevada. Truckee. Lake View... $41 and fd
16— Los Angeles. Santa Barbara '.$2 day
24-^Reddlng. Shasta, Fresno $1 90 day
118— Surf. Soda Springs, Salt Lake *2 day
64— Dlxon, Elmlra and Bakersfleld....$l 70 day
1C3— For nineteen different divisions......}! day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
MURRAY & READY.
' 631-636 Clay St.
A— CARPENTERS. ...R. R. Work. ...Free Fare
Steel bridge men Free fart
Harness-maker, ranch $33 and found
Blacksmith helpers $2 day. $10 week
Boys for machine and boiler shops -
19 lumber pliers, north $ 6()
15(P teamsters and laborers, city and country.
$1 75 to $2 25 a day •
10 scraper teamsters $40 and found
43 farm, orchard and vineyard hands. $16 and
$30 and found s
IS milkers, choremen, etc.. $25 to $35 and round
Farmers and wives Vegetable gardeners
14 ranch teamsters $26 to $25 and found
25 drillers Wheelers Brick setters
Stablemen, hostlers and buggy-washers
Stenographer and -typewriter, country
Stableman, vineyard company.. $30 and found
FRUIT PICKERS 1<»
men and boys to pick fruit and grapes, work
In packing-houses, etc $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— 2 WAITERS, mine boarding-house. $30 and fd
Second and third cooks, mine
• •• $40 and $35 and found
Camp cook, near city $40 and found
Xlooks, city and country hotels restaurants.
hoarding-houses, etc $40 to $30 and found
Polishers? washers and starchers. $30. $33 & fd
Baker, country shop; second hand and boy for
bakeshop *...-. Nurse. $35
Butchers Handy man for printing office
Walters, dishwashers, etc Ranch cooks
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »t.
MEN wanted for the United States Navy—
Machinists, first-class, age 21 to 3C. pay per
month. $55; machinists, second class, age 31
to 35, pay per month. $40; electricians, third
class, age 21 to S3, pay per month. $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35. pay per
month, $25; seamen, age 21 to 35, pay per
month. $24; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 30,
pay per month $19; landsmen, age IS to 25.
pay per month $16; apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17, pay per month $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dls-
cuallfylng ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination In electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
. examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
amirf nttcea will be required to pass the
Physical examination only. The term of en-
listment is for four years. Should a man
re-enllst within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four- months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enllstment. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis In addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It Is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
large number of able-bodied Americans for t
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
qualified for the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
navy will make a large Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large Increase In the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
ceDted will be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel ;¦ apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion. San Francisco. Cal. Applications should 1
be made at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren- I
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets. I
San Francisco. Cal. j
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16 |
[ , years' practice; Examiner building.
I LABORERS and drillers wanted at 627 Four-
teenth st., near Guerrero.
IJXDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms. 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER House. <\ Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-room: free
'bus and bagfrage to and from the ferry. ,
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
J HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale ¦
i 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies, •
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, i
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every "Wednesday. \
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. j
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at I
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 57 Minna st. be- !
tween. First and Second. I
SUITS to order In exchange for horses, buggle*: l
anything cf va'.ue. SKIFF. 336\j Bush st. j
HOUSES TO LET. : !
A — PRINTED LIST Hcuses to Let; send for clr- I
I cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery. ¦
ASH ave., 220. bet. Van Neas ave. and Frank- !
lin st —Fine 2-story sunny house; 6 roorrs j
and bath: modern improvements; rent $22 50. !
Apply 623 Golden Gate ave. - ; -•- ¦-]
HOUSE of '4 rooms, with stable, reasonable to
right party; no children. 820% Jessie, off 9th.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — Saturday afternoon at Cliff House beach,
a small black-and-tan King Charles bitch; j
collar with bell. Return to 419 Hyde st. ; lib- i
eral reward j
LOST— On Ingleslde road, a fox fur. Finder i
please return to 20 Eleventh st. and receive !
reward. tn* -
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernia Savings j
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the |
name of CHRISTINE C NELSON. No. 204-
117. The finder will please return to bank, j
LOST — On Bush or Kearny sts., a copy of i
"Science and Health." Return to 1910 Mason j
St.; reward.
LOST— A 'pass book with ,the Hibcrnla Savings I
and Loan Society of San Francisco- In the !
name of NICHOLAS MURPHY. No. S7.143. I
The finder will please return to bank.
MASSAGE.
EMILY SEGSWORTH. assistant to Dr. A. S.
Wlllcox. scientific masseuse, room 40. St.
Ann's building: hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
MEDICAL. i
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated !
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure j
guaranteed at office; ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It: perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth;
reliable ladles' specialist; home treatment. $5.
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladies treated
at office can return home the same day; pri-
vate home before and during confinement;
best medical care; hours, 9 a. m. to. 5 p. m.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the wo rid- renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 10234 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $3; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home: low fees. 1CO7% Market st.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WJETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.: all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tarinm. 704 Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
THE well-known DR. POf*PER, celebrated fe-
male specialist: practical physician for 37
years; alwaya successful. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' speclal-
lst: home In confinement; safe and reliable-
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist: practical physician for 31
years; always successful. 313 Kearny st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dts-
eaags of the human' body. 115 Mason st.
MIXES ASD MI.MXG.
i WANTED— Immediately, copier mines worth
$200,000 to $300,000. Send details at once to b«
considered. E. B. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy st,
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machlnerv Mr.
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fr?m7nt s?.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases counters
lincleum. new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand-
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made :
we can ship everything in 24 hours* j'
NOON AN, 1017, 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission «l"
above Sixth; write for catalogue. a " 8<lon Mt y
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
pel 1 month; write for catalogue and price
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4 «r California
St.; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
FOR SALE— 2 months' old Mastiff pups from
prize winning stock. Apply en Santa Clara
ave.. Alameda.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Pitce Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
A-100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2-drtll
air compressor. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
I .«ulU I«w K 60. Portland. Loan Ofllce. 25 Stktn.
MISCEL.1.AJIEOCS FOB SALE.
A-BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
BEAUTIFUL snake-shape ring set ¦with 3 nice
diamonds for $35; original cost $50. UNCLB
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
STEEL TANKS, all sires; suitable for water or
oil; cheap; all shapes; second hand. H. 3-
WHITE. 516 Mission st. _j
KODAK films SKxStf develcped only 25c per
roll. Rembrandt Studio. 850 Market, cor. Stktn.
FIRST-CLASS parrots for sale. 343 Erannaa
street. ¦
FINE suit. $10: dre« pant". $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHINO PARLORS. 4S7 Montgomery rt.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
TORTABfcE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand: J. Burke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns new and 2d hand: mt--vln<
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 10» Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and,
boilers bought ar.d sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. TH3
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market at.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS W,4XTS.
WANTED— UprlKht piano for cash. H. L.
. WH1TEHEAD. 1710 Market at. '
LADIES 1 and gents' cast-oft clothing bought *
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays bl-st price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 1<^9 sixth st.: tel. Jessie 141.
MOXEYTOLOAX^
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates . .........
UndlTlded Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and a'.xss
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 830 Market.
\NY amount at fi £>er cent; 1st. 2d and 3d morv-
gagea. undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
; bate- mortgages and legacies bought; no do-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. U Montgomery, r. I.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 15. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OL.SEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estat* and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 90S.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
1 pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. SCI Jones st.. corner Eddy.
"WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome «t. room 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low, rate. 917 Market at., room 1.
MONET loaned salaried people wlCiout security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants" Ex.. n\ California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 3ZI Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister at.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
. dorser. S. F Discount Aponcy. 143 Phelan blc.
MUSICAL. IXSTKO1EST9.
DO not.be misled by advertisements that ap-
pear to offer lomething for nothing; you can
get the best pianos for the least money at
MAUVAIS'. 7&> Market st.
BEAUTIFITL Arlington pianos In mahog-any.
! oak or/ walnut for {:<:*•. on payments easy; you
j can exchange any piano you buy from U3 at
. any time tor a Decker & Son. MAUVAIS
! MUSIC CO.. 7CT Market st.
THE MAUVAIS MUSIC CO. carry the cele-
brated Decker & Son. Packard and Arlington;
select from theso it you wish a satisfactory
) article for your money. Call or address 7C3
j Market st.
1 ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAX
I CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege, of ex-
I changing for a STEIXWAY any t«m« within
I three years and full purchase price allowed;
i the best makers of every crade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash, $3 per month.
1 some good pianos for $3. $4 and *3 per month,
i SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEIXWAI
; DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sta..
San Francisco; correr Broadway and Thir-
i teenth sts.. Oakland^
I A. NICE piano for beginners $75
On* a little better S3
One stli: better 10O
Fine Hallet & Davis 13o
Kingsbury, slightly used 1D0
Easy payments: Chlckering. Vose. Sterling,
Cur:a> and other pianos: sheet music and
1 everything In the music line. BENJ. CUR-
j TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
I ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesala
1 and retail rlano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains In all standard makes from $30 to
}3J. Agents for Hallet & Davis, Boston's old-
est and mo*t famous piano; also Behr Bros,
and 10 other makes, pianos rent; rent allowed
If purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price «« will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tarn and publicity: see ua
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. U70 Market.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. ZS.
IS and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pleaae and satisfy the.
customer^
WE have too many pianos In our warerooms-—
ten will be sold at great discouats; high
crade: little money; we ¦won't pay extra
storage. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
VIOLIN strings: never wet; best la the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
A CLEANING out of pianos for storage; dirt
cheap; Installments. WILSON'S Storage, 1710
Market st.
GENTLEMAN* going to New York wUl sacrifice.
large upright planof 824 Golden Gate ave.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market St., 4 elegant np-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEAUTIFUL new $400 upright. 3 pedals; will
sell for $150 or rent t2 50. S43 Kearny st.
A BARGAIN: must be sold; nice upright piano,
SCHMITZ, 18 McAllister at., next Hlb. Bank.
BE In the swim; rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 660 Hayes at.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Maury, Gabler, Spell-
min and other pianos. 30S Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 57
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos; $3 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 203 Post it.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & other*. VT. n. ALLEN CO.. «14 Post.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store and basement: 993 Valen-
. cla st.. near. 21st; business center; suttabi*
for any business.
25x137:8— «21 MONTGOMERY Bt.. with entrance
on Merchant St.: low rent..
PAJLJMISTRY. ~~
H^ JEROME ; FOSSELLlTscientlnc palmist. 513
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black SSI.
MME. NEERGAARD has removed to 700 Post:
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PERSONALS.
WILL the two ladies who went to Sausallto on
3:15 boat last Sunday communicate with the
gentlemen who saluted them from platform oa
San Rafael train? Address box 4711. Call.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts In-
curred by my wife. MRS. H. H. BROCX-
MAN. having left my bed and board.
AT Lederer's. all this week, large stock of
hair ornaments at low figures; artliTjc halr-
dresslng only 25c; switches cheap. 123 Stoktn.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO., ~
. .„ ,. HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated; honest work guaranteed-
prices defy competition; flne upholstery '¦
phene 5203; factory. 313 and 320 Eleventh «t :
first-class cleaning and dyeing. 12S OTarreii
sU near Powell. San Francisco.
ALL hair and scalp diseases a guaranteed cure-
dandruff and falling hair cured- srrav r>'
stored: the Egyptian Titian shade; a harm-
less vegetable compound Is In iead; book for
stamp E. R. DUNLAP. 6 Eddy st.. lYh no ? r !
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winche«it*.i»
Hotel 44 Third st.. near Market: TOO roSms
Kc to n 50 per night; XX 50 to $S per week r
free 'bus and baggage to and from tie ferry'
LADIES ehculd use Mme. Ttelner"* depilatoryTHE ' BELOVED PASTOR OF
THE CHURCH OF CORPUS
CHRISTI.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Oct. 7.— A , dispatch
from Jerome states that plans are under
way for buildins a railroad which will
New Hallway Projected.
TALACE HOTEL.
L E Mngee, .New York
Miss Magee. New York
W A Dunn. Pa
Miss Dunn. Pa
D Forbes. NY
C V Dar. N Y
E.L Doheney, Los A
Mins Doheny. Los A
H S Fletcher." Cal
D J McCarty, Oakland
L K Baldwin. "Utah
AW Kelly, Berkeley
W B Klnney. Colo
J B Hammond * w.Pa
W C Day Oregon
J B Woolsey, Chicago
W W Brown. Cal • ,
M K McGrath. Denver
P F Simonds.Nev City!
L M Shaw & w, Cal
C n Griffin & w. Cal
E M Preston, Ne.v City
R J Helneinann, Cal
W S Oeorre, Antloch
W J Showier. Sacto
W F Lorlns. It Blurt
O II Yost & w. Cal
T Gilbert. Berkeley .
M Peterson. Berkeley
G B Strauser & w. Cal
J C Donaldson. Mich !
L E Macee, I>a
RO»o Masee. La
R A Foster. Cal
Rr A H SuRirett. Cftl
F M Wen & w.Stkton
J Ivers & w. Vallejo
J L Barnham & w.Cal
G A Giles. Vlaalia
W T Showier. Sacto .
Dr II C BaRby. Cal
J Hu<1«on. Karford
E N Brehart. Oakland
T Casey. Pinole .
N H Woltt Jr. Xapa
O H Hamilton. Cal
W Gardner. Cal
F H Smlthson. Cal
I. HyJe, Berkeley
J P'Reddlck. Berkeley
P C Reilly. Oakland
Ij Iiroden. Portland
r, A liuell. Stockton.
W J Doherty. Cal
J C Steele. Cal.
A M Dran. Re(idln_
Mrs Mercier. Seattle
Mrs A A Cunningham,
Ohio ,
1 L Manlv, Seattle
(I Isaac*. lone
C L Wlllard. Chicago
J M McLean . & w,
Petaluma
W Dean, Pala#Alto
E T dulld, Stanford
.1 Sterns & w. Cal
Mrs A J Blethon. Or
Mrs A E Peck. Palo A
C A Palm, Concord .
E F Frazer, Sacto
A F George. Sacto
D Farrell. Nevada
W M Petrle. Sacto
J D Blcknell. I»s An
AV R Tleall. N Y
H B San Jose
W E do Groot. Los An
A' C Blncham, Cal ¦-¦¦
D C Wallace & w, Cal
J HetMndorf. Chicago
F R Cunninsham, Cal
F A Barr. Los Angeles
IE J Louis, San Diego
C Stern, Los Angeles •
S J Hopkins, Sacto
Mm A W Roberts, 111 ,
Miss J H. Tucker. Ida
L L Col ver. Boston
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
An area of high pressure overlies the plateau
region, and Is comparatively low in Arizona.
The pressure has fallen slightly along the Im
mediate coast arvi risen over the Interior.
The temperature has risen over th* entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. It Is
above the normal In all districts except Utah.
The treather is clear west of the Rocky
Mountains.
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather in California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours. rndln<r midnight. October 8. 1900:
Northern California— Fair. Monday; continued
warm weather: warmer In tbe San Joaquln
Valler: light northwest wind*. . ¦
Southern Calif orr.ia — Fair; continued warm
weather Monday; light west winds.
.Nevada — Fair; warmer Monday. v
Utah— Fair; warmer Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday."
I San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
continued warm weather: . light northwest
winds.
FORnCAST.
SAN FRAXCISCO. Cal.. Oct. 7—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
rc-orte<! from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 53:Los Angeles S2
Mt. Tamal^als 67 1 Sacramento 80
Independence ...... ..76ISan >Lul3 Oblspo.....S0
Red Bluff .•...82|San Diego 63
Fresno 801
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
SO; minimum. 54; mean, S7.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report. I
Company Q the Guests of Company
D at San Baf ael.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 7.— Company D,
Fifth Regiment, N. G. C. entertained the
members of Company G, First Regiment,
N. G. C, in splendid style here to-day.
In the morning there was a ten-man
shooting match in which Company D
carried off the horors. The teams were
composed as follows:
Company D—
A. N. Hoyen 20 21 17— 5S
H. Fletcher 23 IS 20-61
T J. Fulion 19 20 17—56
K. W. Smith 20 14 17-51
T. J. Archer ;... 20 13 17—50
H. Iverson 2" 20 18—58
F J. Murray 20 20 12—32
A! A. Smith • :• 21 20 19-60
N. Vanderbllt 22 17 22— 61
F. B. Moulton .....22 21 20- C3
' Total • S70
A. Henderson .'... 20 20 19-59
A. Hatfleld • « IS ."-50
P. Dlers , 2} 20 2*- 61
F L. McNally 1^ 2 7—24
J N. Cobby.....: W. 20 20— o9
P. J. Neurhan 19. 16 18-53
D?|B. Evans » » 17-54
W.W.Thompson ; 22 17 1»~ M
W. F. Grattan W 20 15—^o4
Total • M7
After the shoot the marksmen and their
comrades assembled In Armory Hall,
where a large banquet was tendered the
visitors. Music, singing-, , speeches and
Rood cheer made the event very pleasant.
Captain Cheda of Company D presided
at the head of the, table. Among those
who spoke were Thomas Kerrigan, T. J.
Fallon. Albert Bogen, W. F. Grattan and
F. L. McNally.* >^;>. -
GUARDSMEN ENTERTAIN.
open up the Tonto Basin country and ad
jacent territory, which includes many
rich mining claims and timber lands. It
is said that the route will be from Wil
liams to Globe. The enterprise is backed
by capital sufficient to insure successful
completion.
was based and counsel and other fees
young Piper had left $200,000 and that he
deposited half of that amount to his
mother's credit In the bank.
MRS. FREDERICK WILLIAM PIPER, THE BRIDE OF THE SOX OF
THE LATE CONGRESSMAN PIPER. ILLUSTRATION FROM PHO
TOGRAPH BY THE STANFORD STUDIO.
NOTHER chapter In the fatry-
book life of Frederick William
fr"" 1 ! Piper was added yesterday when
\i ¦* the young man, who so lately
came "Into a fortune from the
estate of the late Congressman Piper, was
married to Miss Gertrude Aiken. The
reremony took place at noon In the maplo
room of the Palace Hotel. Rev. Dr. S
H. Willey. the great-uncle of the bride.
officiated.
The bride is a tall, slender girl of strlk
insr beauty and a pronounced brunette,
still in her teens. She was attired in a
tailor-made traveling gown of brown.
Miss Ma; Christianson was bridesmaid
ami John M. Aiken, brother of the bride,
was best man. After the ceremony the
bridal party sat down to a wedding
breakfast. The youn'' couple took an
afternoon train for Del Monte, where they
will spend the honeymoon.
The bride' Is a San Francisco girl and
has lived with her mother at 606 Geary
street. Her uncle, W. H. Aiken of
Wrights, in Santa Clara County, is the
stepfather t of the groora. The acquaint
ance' of Uie young people began years
ago and had ripened into love before
either of them dreamed of his becoming
wealthy by Inheritance.
When Congressman William A. Piper
died, leaving a fortune of $1,700,000, a will
was produced by which the estate was
given to relatives in the East, with no
mention made of a son. Another will
was found, however, In which the" son,
who had been known as Fred W. Baldwin,
was given a legacy. Judge A. A. Sander
son was employed as the young man's at
torney and a sensational contest In the
courts began, but was cut short by a
compromise. By its terms Frederick Wil
liam Piper received 526D.000.
It Is said that after paying two minor
bequests in the will on which his contest
Gererr\or\\j Jteld
ir\ Palace
Hotel.
Frederick F'p er
Weds Miss
/\iker\.
FAITHFUL TO HIS SWEETHEART
OF DARK DAYS OF ADVERSITY
. Third Division— Marshal. R. J. Rpche; chant
er. Rev. Father Clancy. O. P. ; rosarlans. Junior
and senior branches in five companies of ten or
more, each bearing a banner of the Glorious
Mysteries of the Rosary— First Glorious Mys
tery, Edward Kenny; Second Glorious Mystery,
A. White; ' Third Glorious Mystery, James
White; Fourth Glorious Mystery. James Bain;
Fifth Glorious Mystery. Matthew Ashe; leader
of Junior branch. Miss Schwarz: leader of
senior branch, Mlas Julia Coffey; St. Dominic's
Choir, St. Thomas' Sanctuary Society; statue
of the nirs.ied Vlrsrln. Georre M. Kelly, D.
Kenny, Pb trick Dlrd. Matt Carroll: the Rev.
Father Prior, with clerfry; ladles of the Third
Order of St. . Dominic and ladles and gentle
men of the congregation; chanter, H. Mc-
Kerron.
Mystery, -Maurice Hlgrsins; banner. Sodalitv
of the Holy Name. James McKcnna: tassel
bearers to banner Holy Name. John McKeon.
Edward Cawidy; banner. Third Sorrowful
Mystery. E. Myrlck; Sodality of the Holy
Namo of Jenus. J. B. Mclntyre, president:
banner. Fourth Sorrowful Mystery, Luke Car
roll; banner. Fifth Sorrowful Mystery, Thomas
Martin, v
Second Division— Marshal. A. Glbbonp; chant
er, A. Panzlnl; banner, First Sorrowful Mys
tery, John Hurley; banner, Second Sorrowful
First Division — Marshal, James Lewis; cross
bearer. William Bylnffton; acolytes. Shirley
Ward, Lewis Young; rosary banner, John Gil
more; Younff Men's Holy Name Society, A. J.
Street; chanter. Rev. Father Jones, O. P.:
Sunday-school girls. Miss Rosella McKeon;
banner. First Joyful Mystery, Thomas Duggan;
Sunday-school boys, ..P. J. McKeon; banner,
Second Joyful Mystery, M. Farrell; banner.
Third Joyful Mystery, Patrick' Ashe; banner.
Fourth Joyful Mystery. James V. Ofreo;
banner. Fifth Joyful Mystery. Fran.k Rhodes!.
Grand Marshal. J. B. Mclntyre. Aids to
Grand Marshal— John Murphy, E. J. Doliard.
D. A. White, John Doherty, Arthur Doliard.
Chester Keoch. James P.- Sweeney, T. B.
McGinnis.
At the conclusion of the mass the pro
cession formed and moved down the aisle
and through the doors of the sacred edi
fice. At the head of the divisions was
the beautiful banner of the rosary, which
was borne aloft by John Gilmore. The
order of the procession was as follows:
It was the occasion of the Feast of the
Most Holy Rosary that was being cele
brated. The procession of the rosary
was a feature, nearly five hundred par
ticipating. The ceremonies were inaugu
rated at the 11 o'clock mass.
Rev. Father T. C. Clancy, O. P.. was
the celebrant of the mass: Kev. J. B. Me-
Govern, O. P-, deacon, and Rev. T. L.
Breen, 0. P.. sub-deacon. The sermon on
the Feast of the Rosary was preached by
Rev. Father Jones. O. P. It was a ser
mon full of beautiful imagery and, was
eloquently delivered. The brilliant young
priest' dwelt on the meaning of the feast
and told of the reasons that led up to the
institution of the special event.
Beautiful Custom
Observed With
Ceremony^
ONE of the most solemn and !m
presslve processions seen In this
city in months was watched with
deep interest by thousands of
people of all denominations yes
terday' morning. Priests in full pontifi
cals, acolytes in their surplices, little
girls in white and boys, men and women
marched round the block of edifices pre
sided over bv the Dominican Fathers,
praying as they moved and keeping step
to the solemn chanting of the priests.
Silver Jubilee of
Rev. Father
Cassini.
FEAST OF THE MOST HOLY ROSARY
IS MARKED BY A S0LEMN PROCESSION
THE congregations of the Church
of Corpus Chrlstl and other Cath
olic churches combined yesterday
to do honor to the Rev. Valentlnl
Casslnl, S. S. F. S.. the zealous
pastor of the Italian church, who yester
day celebrated his silver jubilee. The oc
casion v.-as a joyous one amonp his par~
lshioners. The popular priest was con
gratulated on every hand and prayers
were offered for his continued health and
good work.
At the 10 o'clock mass the prettily deco
rated church, which Is situated on the
outskirts of the Italian gardens on Croke
street, off the Mission road, was crowded
to the doors with devout people. An aug
mented choir, under the direction of the
organist. Miss M. Rodgers. rendered Mer
cadante's grand mass. The artists who
composed the choir were: Sopranos — Mi.»*
M. Heilly. Miss R. Broderick, Miss J.
Cunningham; contraltos— Mrs. N. Galli
ano, Mrs. J. Cato. Mrs. C. Stevens; ten
ors—G. Oliva. T. Brady: bassos— J. Broy
er. II. Swords, J. Bonnet.
The Rev. Father Ca^slnl was the cele
brant of the mass. He was assisted by
Rev. Father Genna. S. J., who acted as
deacon. The Rev. Father Villa acted as
sub-deacon. Nicholas Brissolese acted as
master of ceremonies.
The Rev. Father *enna preached an
able sermon on the "Feast of the Holy
Rosary," and took occasion to congratu
late the congregation on having iuch a
zealous pastor. He paid a high tribute to
the worth and work of Father Casslni.
He told of the many church buildings he
had built and of the splendid work he had
done and was now doing In the various
parishes to which he had been assigned.
In the afternoon the children of the
parish tendered a reception to their be
loved pastor in the assembly hall beneath
the church. An interesting programme
was presented and refreshments were
served. The hall was crowded with the
members of the church.
Rev. Valentlnl Cassinl was born in Pied
mont. Italy, in 1S51. Thirteen years later
he entered the Sneslan Order at Turin,
where he completed his studies In theol
ogy under the Immediate direction of Don
Bosco, the founder of the order. He was
ordained to the priesthood October 3, 1S75.
¦•••¦' i ¦ . ¦ ,..¦•¦ ¦;•¦<¦¦ ¦ *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .^ONI)AY,,:OCTOBER 8, 1900.
9
?Successor to Flannapan & Callagher>.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AN1> EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth nt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
CCEAN TEAVEL.
|: McAVOY Ot CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER9.
1Z3> Market St.. between 8th and 9th.
- Telephone South t47. ¦ ¦ •
Fare,' San Franclaco to Summit and Return.
$1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAH ALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket Ofnces, ttl Market at, Bausallto rerry.
'-. Leaves San Francisco, via SAusalltd Ferry: '
WEEK DAYS — 9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8 M. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
MOUNT TAHALPAIS RAILWAY
UNITED UlSDERTAKfcRS.
Tl and 28 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
ICNEP.-L riRECT0.13 AND EMBALXERl
Kinefit- Equipment at Moderate Rates.
-t-J-LBO-LD TELAV-I.
soiitubrii rAiirii: canriiiT.
(rAciric 4r*rsM.)
Tralaa 1«m«« nn«l «r» «lm» »o nrrlrii «|
MAM nasitiMo.
(Main Line. Foot »f ll»rk<-« Street)
lsatk — Fbou October 1, 190Q. — -KSira
•7:0»U Baniefe, Snison, Elmirs. Tae-rllle,
Ramsey _u<1 8aer_men to Ttlikp
*7>«0A Shuts Express— Datis. William* (for
Burtlett riprlncs). Willows, Kad
Bluff, foTtiatML •7jI3»
¦?:30a ftlMtin— c, 3au K»inon, Vallejo. Kap*,
('ali.itvgi»iitl,H%n«s Ron *Sll3p
•S:OOa Dulii, Woodland. Knighta Lsadlaz.
, . '-. Marrs'ilk*. Orovllle *7«13p
•K:0O* AtUutie Kxpraso— Oc<jen »ad K->« "12t4Sp
•S:O»» >'_ 8 *, Tr^cy, Lathrop, Stockton *1>:13a
•»s:iu» H_» Jo»v, Literiuura, litocktoo,
Inue. FlaeertUl^
M«rr»»i:ie. C'hico. Ue>t ICIntf MslSr
••¦SO* Oak J-lp. Chinese, aoaor-, C— rten i... • «:l5p
•0:00* Hsjwarils. Nilts and Way St-iions. *1 1>U_
'D:VOaLos Angeles Eipreen — Uartluex.
Traoy, LaUirop. titoekton, MetceJ
Vresuo aud Los Acgoles •T:X.1p
e O>:i«t. Vallriu. UarUurx anil Way Stations 'JUS*
MUiUUt Th« OrerUnd limited— Ogden. Dsn-
»or. Ommhav Chicago •«;•*"»*
•11:00* NUrs, Stockton, Haoramentn, Men-
doU. Franco, llanford. VI*»11».
Porter?IU« MiIS»
ME :00a _lTennor«, Haofw, Goshen Jnnc-
UoD. Bakrnftelii. Los Angeles
•1 a:«o»i IUyw»ril». Nlloa and Way dtaUous. *4>4Sp
tliOlli- .•s.iciariiriit.. Ki.rr .Sto*uier» t ."i:««*
•:ti«i»r >U7ward», Kilrs and W«j nutlom. *3i43r
*4iOOv Mirtlnrf. Han lUmoii. V.llejo,
Nu|>a. r'alNti>K>. Santa llou *ViI>A
MiO«r Ueuiola, Winters. Macraiuento.
WiMiillniul. Kitlvlit* ]_ndlag.
M«nstill*. Orutilla •l«:«l»
ManrNUet, ban. loaeaiid Stockton *7i13f
•3;o»rTli« Owl I.i-lted-Tncy, FrMOO.
lUksrtQelil, HaR^us for ttanta Bar*
bara. Lu« Augelea..... MOil-1 *
•AiOOr 8tockton *»«43a
¦JiOur Ne- Orlrant Kzpr~a — ll»kemfl«ia.
banta lUrtiara, Ijoa Anjciw. Of in-
Inn, El Ptao, Hew Orleans anil
East •7«<!»a
••innp Eaywarda. Silas and Han Jose *7il5»
t«:O«r Vallnj.. •|«>I.1 P
•«:U»p()rf«»l Mall— Oedna. Cheyenne.
Omaba, Chicago «13t43r
•8:00p Orleatal Mill-OgJen. Denisr.
Omaha, Chiomo. MtLir
•7:00^NUes.TrmcT, t»t_rop. Stockton.... # iail3p
•«i»Or Orscixiaoa CalKoruU KiprmM N. o -
in t'. Mnrjr*Till«. II«.l.lin«.
KoitlaiHl. P H «*t .So.ii..) ami K**t *Ss43a
J8io.1p Vallejo, Tori Ccst» and Way 8U-
tlmis tH;»Qy
COAST nirisioi Pimir ttaaiil.
(Foot ot Market Street.*
*sil»« Newark. <>nlrr»lllr,Ha D Jo«o, Kflton,
IJoulilrr Crrek.Sai.ta C'nu »ud Way
SUtloi.s *«ttOt
t*il3r Newark. Centor? Ille, San Joia, New
Almadea. Fetton. Itoalder Oreek.
Banta Cnu and I*ri_etp»l IVa;
Stations t««iAO*
'1 1 1 .1 p Newark, San Jon*. Let Gatoa *S >3 0 a
all:45p Hunters' EiTOrsioa. Ban Joso »aJ
; wayautioM t7»ao»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaStl fsiHClSCO— r.«t >r UnUt Strnt (S!i» 8)—
•7:18 »;00 H:00a._. |l:03 -2:03 »:33
•4:03 tB:03 •5:53r.n.
turn 0»IUS3— .'iot «'Bc«<J»«,».— '8.00 8:09 10:00*. M.
: t!3:03 "1:03 t2:03 »3:33 t^83 -3:C3r.»i.
COAST IMVIMOM ( llroart «a» B p,.
i (Third ai t* Towdhik) Sta.)
! t«il«A Oceau Via-. Sonth Han Fraaciaon.. T<I>3Up
•7:»Ua Rau Jos. »...l"V»y Suil (N'.w
Alraader *.VMln<M<lafs ot.lx) *l>3Or
•» = OOa Hmn .lorn.. Tim l'luoa. BmSU Cm.
' • . l'salttc Urnfe, l'aia Kolilea. 8au
l.nli Ml.lnno, Sntf, Lompoc aud
rriiiol|>al Wajr SUti«iia MtlOp
•IOi«n* 8ai» Jus* au«1 War Htallona *«iX%*
•ll::tl>« .s»n .1, n. »i,,l Wa- Stations •3i3Ur
I»il5r Man Mateo. Kolwoofl. Menlo Park.
Pa!o Alto. Santa Clara, Han .l.m>,
Trea Pinoa. .SauU Crm, Salinaa,
Montfrejf ami P»clflc Orof e ttf>::trt v
tntXArSan Jos« ami War Stations *7:.1»r
t t:l»f San JnMaii'l rrineipal Way Stations "J: 13 »
t3:AOpSan Joe, Los Gatoa and l"i-incip»l
Way 3utiot>s f »:Ol> i
*3>SOr Sati Joaa ani Priaoipal Wtj HUtlons **:.'S1»
•Si»nr San Jcae ami War Siatloua t*:Mtt«
1lli45r 9»n Jo»i aii.l Way HUtions »7:3Of
A for Morning I* fur Afternoon.
•DaJIy. r t MmMar •xcopted. t >n»tt«T onijr
a Satuniar Qttlj.
CllffOLXIA NOfiTHVESTEBN £Y. COL
T .~T!gSt«— 1 M'!~n
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFiS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TiXraroa Ferry.' Foot ot Market St.
SAK FRANCISCO TO SA_* R_FA£L
yrETZK DATB— 7:30, »rf». 11:00 a. m.; 12:3S.
1:30. 5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 o, tn. EaturJaya— Extra trlpfl at 1:5J
• and 11:30 d. na.
SUNDAYS — 1:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:33. 3:30.
' 8:00, 6:30 D. n_
SAN* RA1TAEI* TO SAN FRANCISCX).
,"WXEK DAYS-«:10. T:sO. »:20. U:10 a. m.; 12:45.
1:40. 5:13 p. CJ- 3atnrday»-Extra trips ai
1:55 and t:35 p. m.
«OXI>AT»-«:l<t »:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
' 8:C5. 8:25 p. tn.
Between San Francisco a&d Schaetsen Parli
»ame scheJula M above.
Xeav» J In Effect. I Arrt»»
Ban Franclaco. |Apr. 15. 13C0.1 San Franclac<x_
T Week I Sun- ) I Sun- I We**
Daya. ( flay*, f Deitlnatlon.] day». | D»y».
T:30 am 8:00 am Kovatrx 10:40 am! 8:40 ant
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, (:0S pm|10:25 am
6:15 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm| 6:20 pra
Fulton. |
1:30 am Windsor. 10:23 aia
Healdsbur&T-
Lytton.
CeyservUle.
J:«0 pm »:C0 am Cloverdale. T:3S pm <:20pia
J:SO ami I Hopland I [10:23 am
:30 pm| t:00 am( and Ukiah. I 7:S3 pm! 1:80 pra
T:2<> azn I 10:25 an
J:CO am Guernerllle.l 7:3S pm
IJOpm I «:5?P~»
t:t0ain 1:00 am Sonoma J »:15 ami t:40an»
and I I
i 1:10 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm| *:S0 pra
| T:30 ami S:00 ami [10:40 am 10:23 am
1 , 8:30 pra| S:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:33 pm 1:19 pra
Starrs connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
' for AUruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
: Geyservtll* tor Skaccs Fprlr.s«: at Cloverda'.*
for the Oeysers; at Hor^and for Duncaa
1 Eprlnrs, -Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle. Carl*-
! bad Sprlnga, Soda Bay. LaXeport and Bartlett
; Springs; at Ukt_ h for Vichy Sprlnc*. Samton
i Sprint-. Blue Laksa. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttar
Bprlnrs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
i John Day's, Riverside, UeTley**, Buclinel!'i»
< Banhedrin HelKhts, Ilallrillc. Orr*s Hot
1 Pprtnss. Mendoctno Ctty. Fort Bracr. West-
i port. Usal. Wllllta, Lavtonvllle. Cummin*.
1 Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotla>
! and Eureka. •
: Saturday to Monday roun&\trlD tickets at
I reduced rates.
On Sunday rtnmd trip tickets to all pointa
bfvond San Rafael at half rates. *
Ticket office*. 630 Market «t.. ChrontcTe bid*.
VL C WHITIN'O. R. X. RYAJI.
General Manager. Oen. Pass. Ar«nt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausaUto Ferry.
Commencinz September 3». 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. V____ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. •9:15. U:0O a. m.. "t:43,
S:15. 4:00. 5:15. »6:15. 6:40 p. m.
i EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
¦ Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesday* _ad Sat-
I urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— *S:CO. »10:00. •11:10 a. m.. •1.12.
I 3:15. »4:43. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
' Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
; FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— 6:25. •6:30. 7:45, 9:30 a, m..
•11:30. 1:45. *3:30. 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. 'SM. 'lO^. "11:45 a, m..
I 1:40. *3:15. 4:45. t-.ZQ p. m.
I Trains marked (•) start from San Quentta.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— S:43. «:45. 7:53. 9:30 _. m..
15:35. 2:10. 3:30 4:54. 5:20 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. WTednes_aj9
and gaturdaya at 7:10 and 10:20 P. ra.
! SUNDATS-8:C3. 10:03 a. m.. 12:05, 2:13. 3:38.
6:00. 6:4S p. ™j IKOt;GH xraixs.
I 6:55 a. m. week daya— Cazadero and way sta-
tlons.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalea and way sta-
tions.
8:C0 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and war sta-
tions. _____
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily
Leave Markit-street^Fer— f Depot.
Lve. San Franclaco. 9:00 a m|4:10 p ml 3:00 p ns
Arr. Stocktoa 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p at
" Merced 2:4J p m 1:13 a n»
" Fresno 4:10 pm 1:08 a ra
~ VixalU 6:00 pm 4:50 am
~ Tulare 6:22 pm 5:10 a n»
" Hanford 5:33 p m 7:06 am
M Uakenfleld ... 8:50 pm 7:30 * n
" Denver 10:90 a ra ——¦—-——•
" Kansas City... 5:15 p m
** ChlMKO 7:40 a m ¦
J a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corr**
•ponding train arrives at * p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
: 8:00 p. m. la Fresno and Bakersfleld Kiprwi.
' with Eleepins Cars fcr both cities. Correspcnl-
ln«r train arrives it In m. dally.
OFFICES— 641 Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
! Fan Francisco: UK Rr^ndir *v. Oakland.
jT ">k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«n<7vK ; " «• Kitat>lts-wt
Riri $*"'__« •" !*»** 'or the treatment of Pnv_t«
?_1 1 h. ~**7 I 'ixei-w^. -oat JJanb.HXl. D»'bi:ity or ¦
v lB___KSati<Sl»eas«w~»rlriironbo<lyandraiiiattort
Skin Due-** Id* <loctorcnr«-oeu
>S3S_SS_"th<;rs/_ll. Try him. Cbi»r?(,» low
r<inlilWsi*1 " T ..»»--._^.m Ci_lorwrlt*\
Or. J. *'- «.lltno\. Box 1937.8-a Fraaciae_
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
PERSOXAL.S.
; l"ITS to order on Installments; Jli upward -
Jl a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market 6t '
between Seventh and Eighth. *
SRAXD Central Rldinjr Academy. «17 Ellis *t •
. pen evenings from ¥ to 13 o'clock; phone
K-st !„;. J. McKEXXA. Instructor.
SUITS to order from $15 up on easy payments
The P.ichelleu. 700 Market tt. bear Geary. '
I.EDEP.EH'S CJulntonica hair tonic preserve*
and beautlflep your hair; try it; _>c bottle.
CQDAK films 34*34 developed only 25c r>er
roll, nra-.brar.dt Siudlo. Q Market, cor. Stktn.
-EDERHR'S Ko&mu Shampoo: a perfect clean-
*.»r; try it once; 5c pkg. i;s Stockton Bt.
ALL wi*hine to loin an amateur dramatic club
_call rcoia n. 1-S6 Market st.. for particulars.
I'KIVATE dftec-tive work; reasonable rates' iO
years exr^rienre. J. D. R A y. s - 7 Jessle s ' t
r/ME. ADA. the wonderful pifted healer re
~.->vod to »r.« Market Ft., ofncea 3 and"*.
BTTTSto «>rrter on easy payment*. Art Tall or-
mg Co., 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OU) pMd. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. It. JENKECs S17 Market st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by urlr.g Ta.!-
, con ' y curlin g fluid; 23c a bottle; drupBlsts.
WAN'Tni.)— Old-fashioned silver, brass, eoppor
ware: curios, all descriptions. 525 Dupont ft.
ALFREDtTMS Epyptlan Henna restores g-ray
hair ot Its natural color; $1. at nil druKsd*t»
CAST-OFF cloth.imr. old pold and silver bought:
srr.1 postal. COLF.MAN'S. 5 r « Kcarny st.
PIIVSICIAXS ASD tilRGROVS.
T-n. C. C. O'DONNELLr-offlcTiar.d refiflpnc*.
lC:m Market M.. between Slrth nil Seventh.
nGAL ESTATE CITV FOK SALE.
SS^OO— SACRIpICETiot~S:?xS0 feet on P«rry St..
between Third and Fourth, together with im-
provements, consiftir.g of a 2-story double
hcuse with brick foundation, new plumbing;
always rented tor S3> pfr month. Apply R.
McCOLGAN, 24 MT.tjom— y St.. room 3.
BAROAIX— $30^: cost KS00: new cottage: Juit
ftr.ifhcd; 5 rooms and bath, high basement;
pur.ny side: nice view: near 2 car lines;
S3d St., bet. N<~>c and Castro: lake C_stro-«t.
cars. Apply C HOLTL'M, iSl Market Bt.
A FINE new cruage of 6 rooms and high fln-
lehed basement; all modern improvements;
large let, with driveway: cheap: Etna 1 .;
— mount cash, balance like rent; see owner on
premises. Churrh and 30th st«. A. KLAHN.
6UNSET District; JSSSO— For sale, house of 6
rcc-ms, lath and large basement; decorated;
Eleventh ave.. bet. H and I sty. Apply to
DAVID LEWIS. U.3 Brannan ft.
MODERN housw hu'.lt; lowest pric*-: plans «nd
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1H7 Sliss'.on.
MISSION cottape; new; € rooms, hath; lot 60x
100: (3000; terms to puit buyer. 413 Koarny Ft.
REAL R«TATE COINTHV For Sale
FOR pale— KlOt; tine ranch. 70 acres, near New.
csstle. Placer County; house, barn and No. 1
well en prwnl»e»: a liarpaln. Inquire at
DlXnXF. -€- Market Ft. __^
ACCl'RATE personal knowledge — each of the
SXO ranrhe* on my SALE and EXCHANGE
lift. More than all other agents in this city.
N. D. FICKELS. the '.anj acpnt. 6 Geary st.
FOR PaLK Clt RENT— Fine fruit, grain and 1
Ftrxrk ranch. DO acres, near bay. Address j
H. D.. r,cx J3«C. Call rffice. '
CITT property and farms Fold or exchangei:
prtptej lt»f. M. CHJFTOf. 71? Market, r. 1.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
yO rx^Y.nr.ec your rr r rerty to your latlsfactlsis
Bead ; arti'-ulars of eame and state what you I
c.'-^'.rr :.i eirhante for. whether city or ranch. '
¦Bd «*¦ win makf >ou an ofTer. BCU. W EIN-
T?AT:i> A.- OO^ MT Market st.. rooms 1 and 2.
alTmeda adyertisemextsT
al\mi:da heal kstate.
FOR KfVESTME3ffT. - "~^~~~ ""
4 iipw modern 5-— v.m cottnees: cay 10 per
cent; b"Ft lfjcation: _lTr«j-ti rented. ArT'y to
A. R. DENKE PR.. 14W Webster St.. Alameda. j
E230Q— TERMS; new cottage, 6 rooms; also new
tiouse of S rooms; terms. Owner, J. H.
yevsa. 1?K I-ark ft.
OAKLAXD~ADYEBfKEMEXTS.
CbriCE— III8 BROADWAY. |
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FtTBXISHED or unfurnished house of 8 larfte !
rooms oni hath: sanlt_ry plumbing; lot 50x ¦
)<«< rrntrml '.o^htIoti Annlv r.W l»th *t.. t>«kld. '
OAKLAND HOICKS TO LKT.
LARGE S-room hcu*p, furT.lshe<l: modern: fine
lochTlcn; reasonable; other bargains at E.
E. BCNCE. ill Broadway.
GOOD reuses Get lift from GEO. W. AVS-
TIN ft co , -oh Rroaflwiv. Qaklan-1.
OAKLAND KLItXITLUE ¦( FOB SALE.
AN Introduction to you freni-H. Bchellhaas, the
furr.itvire rt*a>r. llth and Franklin. Oakland.
J IIOOMS FOIt__HOCSEKEEP_IXG. ___
CALIFORNIA, fSS. near Powell— Furnished
houFfkeeptng beautiful rooms; parlors.
CLAY. 2421, ne«r Fillmore— S l*rge unfurnished
rooms: upr«T flat; yard: water; rear; rent $7.
EODT. rCT— Larpe front room, complete for
huseUc-eping; others; runn'g water, gas, bath.
IILLIS. €21. near Larkin— Newly furnished suite
of 2 rooniF; houwkeepinjr; Hi.
Kl-LIP. JILT— A r.icely furnlBhed front room.
' *uirable fcr housekeeping; kitchen adjoining.
I-1FTH, 2S3 — Double parlor* and kitchen fur-
nished: bath; C2A; also 2 hall rooms. $4 and $0.
FOLSOM. J233, eoutheaet cor. 9th— Large sunny :
bay-uirdow houKrk»-eplcg rooms; _1ko ethers, i
HOWARD, 111S — Ni"e airy housekeejilng rooms;
8 '.so Fingle; cheap.
MARKET, near Fifth— 2 rooms, furnished; fold-
ing bed; gas; S10. Particulars 242 Koarny et.
MINNA. 2*— Sunny furnished front rooms for
homrtBwpiBK: single rms. 75c. tl per week.
MISSION. &i^— 2 large »ur.riy rooms for house-
keer'.r.g.
OAK. ll«vi— Eleear.tly furnlEh<-l sunny parlor
FUlte; p:»no; houeekeeplng privilege* If deslrd.
OAK, 119 — C sunny rooms.. fumlFhod ror heavy
hou«r-keeping. J10; other single rooms cheap.
O'FARRELL. 1T9A— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms with prlviley* of lig:ht housfkeeping.
POLK. S22— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping room; sunny; rent cheap.
STOCKTON. CC3— Nice tunny furnished rooms.
elnele or en FUlte; al»o housekeepliiK rooms;
rent reasonable.
VAN NE»S£. 400— 3 well-furn. sunny connecting
rooms: private entrance; large yard; tuba. ¦
noOSIS TO LET — Forn. nnd I'nfnrn.
A - B RU NS W I C K TiouFeTTiiT^lxth^Ko^mV' rHc
to tl per r.igrht; II 25 to K p«r week, and light
housekeeping; cpen^ all night.
A— PUTTER. 717. nr. Taylor— Sunny; c!iolce;
reaFor.fcbie: r'.eare investigate; bath.
AUSTIN avB., ioz. off Polk— Furnished and
vnfurnif : h< > d rooms, and housekeepinK.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old Na 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, f ingle; also unfurnished
BTTPH. _.?— Furnished tunny rooms, suits or
single, t'<c per night up; transient.
BUSH. T20 (The Elk)— Changed hands: newly
r< novatefl. n!rc!y furn. sunny rms.. $1 CO to $7
w-(k: 2ic to « 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
EDDY. 3IJ— Nicely furnished rooms from $9
op; ruitsbV f'»r centlemen.
ELIZA UKTH, 12. near Guerrero— 5 furnished
roorr.s; rent $15.
FOLPOM. S«3. cor. 6lh CThe Oliver)— New fur-
nltho'i sunny rms, vingle or suites: reaeonable.
GEART. *<Z IThf Navarre)— Elegantly fumiKhed
nr.i!.; FultPi or single: trave!«r« accommodata.
ClHAMi SOI.THKRN. southeast corner Eerentli
f.r.fi Mistlon Ft*. — Funny rooms, en suite ct
fir.gle; ladles' parlcr; readlng-rocm: elevator.
HARRISON. 721— Cack *!ngl« room; bath;
r-nt %^
IIYIjE. 407B— Furniiih«d room; runny; private
family.
JESSin. 3f.J. near Emporium— rurnlshed, |4, SS
j»:i<I iC; bousekeepinx. $*•
LARKIN. TC7 near Ellis— L*rg* newly fur-
n'.fhed rooms; bath: single or suite ; prlv. faro.
I»AS TALMAS, lvjo Market «t.— Suite of t or I
r—! ». : i»rl\*te; bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
LKAVENWORTH. i:21— S rooms; private house;
cp«t-lrs: irrt !io.
r?INN'A. CfT. ror Eirhth— New furnished « ay-
flndow n-'-m. Jl j>r r week; transient^
NKW ARLINGTON~lcT3 Market et.— Nicely
furnishtd rorm?. rz a we*-k up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA. 44$— £unny bay-window room to let;
newly furnished.
(TFARiiKLL. 20— Bunny furnished room* and
e-flcee; elevator; electric light?; flay, wk., mo.
IIOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Cnforn.
O' FAKRELLTms^Tw-o^lngie^unny furnished
rooms for gentlemen.
nOSEDALE House. 319 and 821 Ellis st— Rooms.
nicht !.5c to M. week fl 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Kills St.— Incandescent light;
reading room, smoking room and ladtes' par-
lcr; rooms, per nicht. SJc to Jl M); week. 12 to
IS; month. J8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot nnd cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Elthth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, llfr-Sunny furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD. 814 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
reasonable.
IIOOMS A\D HOARD.
HOARD and r.«n» at 415 Flrat St.. near Har-
rl«on.
NICELY furnifhed room, with board; use par-
lor, rlano. phone. S50 Van Ness ave.
PRIVATE family (S adults). larKe sunny room;
prate; suitable for 1 or t: moderate to deslr-
nble nartlrs. 1M2 Franklin gt.
ROOMS AXD HOARD WANTED.
TOI'NG eirl wishes room and board; state
terms. Ho* 1S42. Call office.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
413 Montgomery *t.. room* 9-10: tel. 53S0. j
ROOMS papered from $2 5": whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartrr.an Paint Co.. S19 Third. ]
SEWING MACHIYI2S AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing' lowest rates; open even, ifc Fcurth. j
BOUGHT, Fold, rented, repaired: needles and !
¦shuttles; reduced rates. 143 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds boueht. sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chnrlen Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. l'.th. |
¦ I
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
BEKIXS Van and PtoraKe Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. M.vn 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered !
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 7£2. \
PACIFIC Storatre and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 1310 Klllmore st.: phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS-\Ve
»eil better machines for 1<?*« money thai any
hnu«e In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. C3S California; telephone Main 268.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters: any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDKR.
llf> Montgomery St.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, r<">om 2C3, Crocker building. San Fran-
cIfco. Cal.. October 1. 1S90 — Coupon No. 7. due
October IS, lftOO. frnm first mortgage six <6)
tier cent herds of Sierra Ry. Co. of Cal.. wll!
be raid fit the fiscal arency of this company,
the Crocker- Woolworth National Bank, on
and after that date. I
S. I). FRESHMAN.- Treasurer.
DIVJDENI) nctlcf— The Giant Powder Com- j
pan/. Con. A dividend. No. 12. of Seventy- ;
five Cents O) per share on the Issued
capital stock of the company has been de-
clared, payable at the office of the company.
<30 California Ft.. San Francisco, on October
10, 1SC0. Transfer books close October 3, 1900,
at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts," Navy Department,
WarhtnKton, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon, Oc-
j tobcr 16. lJt-O. and publicly opened imme-
; dlately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy-
yard. Mare Island. Cal., a quantity of lum-
ber. »t<^el tubing, pipe, pipe fittings, valves,
cooks, hardware, bar steel, steel plates, bolts,
cement, broken rock, sand spikes and piles.
Jilank propr.fals will be furnished upon ap-
fiHnation t<> the Bureau or to the Navy Pay
Office, fan Francisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY.
Paymaster General. U. S. N. 9-19-00.
V. S. ENGINEER office. Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. October 8. 13!"iO— Spp.led pro-
posals for constructing a wharf and tramway
at Point Eonlta. Cal.. will be received hT-re
until 12 m.. November 8, WOO, and then pub-
j licly opened. Information furnished on appli-
cation. CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS, Major, ;
I Kns'rs.
EIRTBS— MARmAGES— DEATHST
BORN.
i COOK— In this citv. Octcher 1, lPOfl, to the wife
I of F. H. Cook, a daughter.
! CHATTLKTON— GOMEZ- In th!s city. Octr>b»r
! 6. 1?00, at Central Methodist Episcopal Church.
by the R«-v. S. D. Hutslnpiller. Jonn Chattle-
• ton and Georncina Gomel, both of Pinole, Con-
i tra Costs County. Cal.
! DOUGLAS— OWNES— In this city. October 3.
l!»00, by the Rev. S. I>. Hutslnpiller. Charles
¦\V. p. Douelas of Denver. Colo., and Emma
M. Ownes of San Francisco.
> GL'LLIKSEN-IJAVIDSEN-In this city, Oeto-
'• b^r 4. 1S0O. by the Rev. O. Groer.sberg. Cap-
I tain Georsus Gullikfen and Gusta Davidsen.
LEAN— MELCHER— In this city. October 7.
liK-0. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Ed-
win Josiah Lean and Eunice Sylvia Melcher,
both of Pan Francisco.
i MACK— CHISl'M— In this city. October 5. IMC,
i by the Rev. Dt. John A. B. Wilson, Frederick
Charles Mack and Cora Belle Chlsum, both
I of San Francisco.
I REA-BOTD-ln this city, October 6. 1300. by
the Rev. O. Groensberg, James Rea and Lena
Boyd. t
WESENDUNK— BOWES- In this city. Octo-
ber 6. 1900. by the Rev. \V. E. Dugan, Philip
F. Wesendunk and Nettie M. Bow<n.
YOUNG— TAYLOR— In this city. October 6.
1&00. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Henry Shepherd Young of Campbell, Santa
Clara County, and Bessie Taylor of Ladner,
n. c.
DIED.
Baesp. Alice I«reman, Henry
Blsaell. W. R. I^ewls. Maria L.
Blanc. Susan E. Msr*. Matthew
Bloom. Nellie Metzler. Charles .1. 13.
Booker. Ada M. Millsich. Helen O.
Brown. John F. Munder, William F.
Brown. Margaret Noonan, Matilda
Cole. Mary B. Quarney, Brld.ct
Cook. Elizabeth M. Ratl lone. Julia
Cowing. Mrs. Ann Sarrubia. Mrs. Mary
r>esc_l"so. Mary t-ihmid. John
Elcbolzer. Margaret Sernau, John H.
Kisel. Carl W. Btadtegfrer, George
Flemlnc. Ellen Sternberg, Morris
Galbraith. William SuKhan. James
Herring. Georee D. Putton. James E
Hokoson. Carl Thompson, Charles
Koch. Adam WulIT. Louise
BAESE— In Carters, Tuolumne County. Octo-
bt-r 1. IW'0. of heart failure. Alice, beloved
wife of Fred R. Baese, and daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. N. S. Larney. a native of California.
' BIRSELL— At the Southern Pacific Hospital.
| October 7. 1900, of malignant cancer, W. R.
[ Bieeell. aged about £6 years.
I BLANC— In Alameda. October 6. 1900, at th»
home of her sister, Susan E. Blanc, widow of
• Alexander Blanc, In ber seventieth year.
CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Calvary Pres-
byterian Church. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
BLOOM-In this city. October 6. 1900. Nellie.
j beloved wife of Douglas Bloom, mother of
Harry Bloom, eleter of Mrs. J. R. Hall and
Mrs. F. C. Ellworthy. and aunt of Mrs. May
Garcia, a native of Dexter. Me., aged 42 years
and 6 months. (Sacramento papers pleas.-
copy.)
ESTriena* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Monday). at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Bfcver.th and Eighth.. Interment Laurel Mill
i Cem »tery.
{ EOOKER-In this city, October 7. 1900, Ada M..
beloved wife of Oeorge E. Booker, mother of
Udlth. Ethel. John. Howard and Allan
Booker, and daughter of Mrs. H. O. Gosling:,
a native of New York, aged 43 years.
! BROWN— In East Oakland. October 6, 1300,
John F. Brown, beloved husband of the late
lFaN>lle C. Brown, and father of George and
W. H. Brown, Mrs. J. H. Kruse and Mrs.
Charle? Boyer. a native of Boston, Mass.,
aired 90 years S months and 2 days.
(T7"r"riendt! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), ut 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks. y."7 Mission street,
between Fifth &nd Sixth. Interment Masonic
Cimetery.
I BROWN-In Alameda, October 7. 1900. at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. N. Boucher, 2044
| Buena Yieta avenue, Margaret, relict of the
late Anthony Brown, a native of Dublin, Ire-
land, aced oC years.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fTUPM&y). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. im Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
COLE— In this city. October 6. 19W>. at her resi-
dence, i:U) Jackson street. Mary B.. widow of
James M. Cole, and mother of James. John.
Thomas and Katherlne Cole and the late
Man'. Lizzie and Susie Cole, a native of Dub-
lin. Ireland, aged 70 years.
J^T* 1 *, '"""»« take place to-morrow
{Tuesday), from St. l>omlnic's Church Benl-
cia; on the arrival of the 8 a. m. train from
Fnr. Francisco, where a solemn requiem high
I im« will be celebrated for the repose ot her
I bouI. Interment Benicla Cemetery.
COOK-In this city. October C. laOO. Elizabeth
M.. beloved wife of Walter A. Cook, and
tncther of Myrtle and the late Carroll Cook a
native of Oakland. Cal., ajced 27 years
CTTriends «nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:»0 o'clock, from her Ute resi-
dence. 1609 Waller street, near Cole, thence to
Ft. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue and Page
street, wher« a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
C5 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn Verein Hall. 323 Turk street, where
services will be held under the auspices of
the San Francisco Turn Verein. Crematlcn
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the fu-
neral parlors of II. F. Maasg, 317 Mission
street. •
SERNAU— In thjs city, October 7, 1900. John
H.. beloved husband of Annie L. Sernau, a
native of Milwaukee, Wis.. aged 33 years.
STADTEGGER— In Yorba. Cal.. October 7. 1900.
George Stadtegger. aged 57 years. A former
resident of San Francisco.
(CyThe funeraj will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock.
STERNBERG— In this city. October 7. 1900.
Morrle, l>eloved husband of Rosalie Sternherg,
father of Louis. Charles, Jennie and Sadl*
Sternberg and Mrs. Lf-lrer of Fort Bragg, and
brother of David Sternberg and Mrs. S.
Marks of Ukiah.
SULLIVAN — In this city. October «, 190o,
James, beloved husband of the late Hridget
Sullivan, and brother of Timothy and Fannie
Sullivan and the late Florence Sullivan. _
native of GlengarifT. County Cork, Ireland,
aged C8 years and 6 months.
C_rFrlond<( and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 309 NatomR street, thence to Bt. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high ma*»
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
SUTTON— In this city. October 6. 1900. James
E. Sutton, a native of England, aged 35 years
6 months and 3 dcys.
tCTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Cartiw & English, 41 Van Ness
avenue.
THOMPSON— In this city. October 6. 1900,
Charles, beloved husband of Minnie Tholnp-
son a native of New York, a«ed 45 years. A
member of Hannibal Lodgre No. 1. F. and A.
M • Golden Gate I^odce No. 2007, I. O. O. F. ;
Household of Ruth; Past Grand Maeter's
(Tonncll No. P3, and San Francisco Patriarchy
No. r-4. G. V. O. of O. F.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clotk, from the Third Bap-
tist Church. Powell street, near Bush. Re-
mains at his late residence, 603 Hyde street,
"W'l'LFF — In* this. city. October 7. 19C0, I»h1pc,
dearly beloved wife of William Theodor Wulff,
and sister of John F. Alfs of Moscow. Idaho,
a native of Oldenburg, Germany, aged J2
years 3 months and 9 days. (St. Louis, Mo.,
ard Moscow. Idaho, papers please copy.)
(E^Notlce of funeral h'reaftrr. Remains at
the parlors of Theo. Dlerks..S57 Mission street.
IC?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
RATHBONE- In this city, October 6. 1900.
Julia, wife of Henry Bov.en Rathbone, and
daughter of the Rev. O. W. BrlgRs. a native
of California. (New York and Brooklyn pa-
pers please copy.) • . .
ICTFuneral and Interment private.
SARRUBIA— In Oakland. October 7, 1900, at 621
Second street. Mr*. .Mary Sarrubia, a native
of Italy, ased AZ years 5 months and 29 days.
SCHMID— In this city, October C. 1900. Jo>«n
Schmid, a native of Wurtemberg:, Germany,
aged 46 years 9 months and 11 days. A mem-
ber of the San Francisco Turn Verein, Sud-
deutscher Verein, Scliwaben Verein and E.
von Rendel Lodge No. 3, O. D. H. S.
mr'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:SO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 442H Natoma street, thence to St. Tat-
rick'w Church, where a solemn requiem hi«h
mass will be celebrated for the repose of h»r
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
QUAUNEY— In Benicla, October 7, 1900, Brid-
get, beloved wife of John Quarney, a native
of Ireland, aged 66 years.
(^ £" F*j*(f*ri<iK n.H'1 ft c*'i t « 3 1 n t.n nc^s ft i*£ respect™
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). at 1 o'clock, from 63G Washington
street, thpnee to Odd Fellows' Hall, Seventh
and Market streets, where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock, under the aua-
piues of North Reach Lodee No. 9, Hermann's
Konc. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MILISICH-In this city. October 7. 1900. Helen
Olga. beloved daughter of William S. and
Eloisc F. Millbich. a native of San Francloco,
acd 1 day.
MUNMER— In South San Francisco. October 7,
1900, at his residence, 956 Fifth avenue Bouth,
William Frederick Munder, dearly beloved
husband of Henrietta Munder. beloved father
of Mrs. Ole Oleen and Emtl J. and HutfO Mun-
der. and grandfuther of Erma Munder. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 62 years 9 months and
3 da;-s.
NOONAN— In this city. October 6, 1900. Matilda,
wife of William Noonan. a native of Ire-
land. a;red 75 years.
IT^Fri^n.is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this d*y
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valeme, Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
near Union. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
METZLER— In this city. October 6. 1000. Charles
J. B. Metzler, dearly beloved husband of the
late Kathrina Mrtzler. and father of Her-
mann and Charles I,. Metzler. Mrs. James
Farrell. Mrs. L. \V. Matthias. Mrs. J. Lynch,
Mr?. William von Ronu and Mrs. Ida Hoff-
man, a native cf Zizenhaussen amt Stockach.
Raden. Germany, aged 03 years 11 months and
22 days. A member of Germanla No. 116. I.
O. O. F.; WalhaUa Lager No. 7. I. O. O. F. ;
California Htnmm No. 70. U. O. R. M.; Roth-
rraenner Schuetzon Section: Yerba Ruena
I>acer No. R, V. O. R. M. ; Metamora Stamm
No. 4. Pocahontas Sisters: Hoffnuntrs Lodge.
No. 1. Hermann's Sons; SiFters O. D. H. S. :
Sleel Hrim Nr>. 7, U. A. O. D. ; Hartnnpel
S. A. Charter. U. A. O. D.: V'ereln Eln-
tracht: Walhaila Gcsansr Verein; Sud-
deutscher Verein: Empire Council No. 47. O.
C. F. : America Lodge No. 2229. K. of H.
C_y"Frlenc!s and acquaintances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
? Monday), nt R:3!> o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1210 Howard street, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, where a solemn requiem mars
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing; at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LEWIS-In this city. October 6. 1900. Marin L.
beloved wife of Edwin Lewis, and mother of
John R. and Edwin Lewis Jr. and Mrs. Maria
Louisa Vultree, a native of New York, aged
60 years.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MERZ— In this city, October 6, 1900, Matthew
Merz, a native of Germany, aged 38 years 2
months and 2S days.
EyFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence,
2Ti?2 Ea;le avenue.
LAGEMAN- In this city, October 5, 1900,
Henry, ; beloved husband of Katherin Lage-
man. a native of Germany, aged Co years. A
(C?'Fri» > nd!< and acquaintances ar«? respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), tn R:l.~> o'clock, from the parlors of
the I'niteti Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth, street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where mass
will rx> celebrated for th? repose cf his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOKOSOX- In Oakland. October 6. 1000. Carl
Hokoson of 141 East street, San Francisco, a
native of Sweden, aged 81 years.
KOCH— In Alameda. October 7. WOO, Adam
Koch, dearly beloved husband of Clara Koch,
and father of Mrs. F. H. Halm. Mrs. N.
Rlenecker and P. K.ieh, a native of Klrr-
v.eiler. Hhelrpfalz, Germany, aged 57 years
10 months and 29 days. A member of Ala-
med?. Ixwdee No. 4!». K. of P.
HERRING— In tills city, October 7, 1900, George
D. Herrlnsr, beloved brother of William J.
and Tiilman HiTrlng. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2S years 11 months and 7 days.
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's (Oakland) Cemetery.
COWING— In this city. October «. 1900. Mrs.
Ann Cowing, a native of England, aged 75
years.
GTKriends and acquaintances art respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr ft Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DESCALSO— In this city, October 5, 1900, Mary,
beloved wife' of Luca Descalso. and loving
mother of Mrs. T. Bol_er and Luke M.. James
n. and the late Peter C. Descalso, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 72 years 9 months
and 10 days. (New York City papers please
copy.)
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1922 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church. Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
bouI. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crops Oemetery.
EICHOLZER-In this city. October 7, l?00. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late John Eicholzer,
and deariy beloved mother of Camille and
Theresa Eloholzer. Mrs. W. Manders and Mrs.
A. Wilson, a native of Ireland, aged 43 years.
EISEI,— In this city, October 7, 19CK), Carl Wil-
liam Else!, a rmttvo of Baden, Germany, aged'
C6 years and - mentho.
FLEMING— in this city. October 5. 1900, at her
residence. C17 Ouerrcro street, Ellen, beloved
daughter of Catherine and the late James
Flemintr, a native of Boston, Mass.
i£7The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the ret>cse of her soul at 9
o'clock." Interment private.
GALBRAITH— In this city. October 6. 1300, Wil-
liam Galbraith, son of the late 'ilebecca Gal-
braith. brother of Mrs. Margaret McKeever
an>l James and the late John Galbraith. and
uncle of Marian. Alma, Jessie and Harvey
Galbraith. a native of Ireland, atmi 68 yrars.
Ey Friends and acquaintances are reipect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his la'.J resi-
dence, 712 Castro street, thence by 11 o'clock
creek boat to Oakland. Interment MountainThis favorite steamer, under command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. ' Hitherto these charming Islands of the
South Eeai have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring 30 to 40 days, but the time of new
cteamchlp servic* will be 1IH4 days. Ask for
particulars . of the low excursion - rat* at ttt
Market »tr««C ¦ - •
The Australia for Tahiti.
Bernard T. Rockford, who committed
suicide in his room at 112^ Grant ave
nue • Saturday by swallowing two kinds
of poison— laudanum and prussic acid
was, according to Captain Seymour, one
of the best known bunko men in the city.
He used to steer men coming "from the
country for medical treatment to quacks
and got a big commission. Friday Detec
tives Ryan and Crockett met him and
warned him that he would be arrested
soon - if he did not mend his. ways
Whether that had anything to do with his
suicide Is a matter of conjecture.
Was a Well-Known Bunko Han.
The Retail Clerks' Association wllf meet
at Washington Hall, Red Men's building,
Post street, between Stockton and Powell,
to-morrow night at 9 o'clock.
Retail Clerks' Meeting.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clefta and warm. Tub drpartmtnt beat la city.*
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
James Hill and J. Fraser had a little
misunderstanding 'In the Bellevue saloon.
Fourth and Minna streets. • at an - early
hour yesterday morning:. Hill raised a
big lump on the side of Fraser's head
with a*t>illlard ball and the latter retali
ated bylayinp open Hill's scalp with a
billiard cue. Hill's head -was sewed up at
tne Receiving Hospital by Dr. Dray and
he then went to jail to lament, while
Fraser went in search of the iceman.
A Little Misunderstanding. l
" • Charge.
V. C. Clarke was discharged' from the
Alameda County Jail , yesterday, after
serving a sentence of sixty days for pass
ing a fictitious check. 'As he was leaving
the jail he was arrested by. Detective Tom
Gibson of this city on a warrant charging
him with defrauding an innkeeper.
The warrant was sworn to by H. Len
hardt, proprietor of the Casino in Golden
(.late I'ark, a" day or two before Clarke
was arrested in Oakland. .Clarke had been
a frequent visitor at the Casino and ran
up a bill for wine. Lenhardt dunned him
for payment and finally got a check for
$25 In part settlement of the account. ¦ The
check was presented at the bank and was
returned as worthless.
Clarke had trouble with his wife, which
drove him to drink, and he claims that
for some weeks prior to his arrest he was
not responsible for his actions. He -got
money from merchants on* the representa
tion that he would print their advertise
ments, in a Paris Exposition supplement
of ; the Journal of Commerce, which was
never published. •
Serves His Sentence in Alameda
County, Only to Face a New
CliABKE AGAIN AKKESTED ~
AS HE LEAVES' THE JAIL
"Willing hands lifted the injured man
and he was sent by the company to its
hospital in this city. , The physicians
found that had he been treated Imme
diately, his life might have been saved
The long walk Morris took cost him his
life. He, was 24 years of age. The Cor
oner's deputies were summoned and the
body will be taken to the Morgue this
morning.
Last Thursday the engine on which
Morris "fired" jumped the track and top
pled over. The unfortunate fireman was
pinned beneath the heavy boiler, and
pipes torn from their fastenings allowed
the steam to scald his body. 1 Finally he
released himself and started for Bakers
field, which was ten miles distant. He
staggered along the way and reached his
destination. Just as he entered the town
he dropped from exhaustion and pain and
became unconscious.
E. J. Morris, a fireman in the employ
of the Southern Pacific Company, died at
the Railroad Hospital last evening as a
result of burns he received in an accident
near Bakerslleld about three days ago.
After Morris had received his Injuries he
walked ten miles from the scene of the
wreck for assistance. At the end of this
long journey he was picked up in an un
conscious condition and brought to this
city for treatment.
Engine Topples Over Near Bakers
field and Employe, Badly Scalded,
Walks Ten Miles for
Assistance.
Fireman Dies in the Rail
road Hospital. Prom
INJURED MAN'S
LONG JOURNEY
FROM A WRECK
Knock Him Down in His Store and
Compel His Wife to Give
Up a Bag of
Gold.
«
Timothy J. Xyhan, proprietor of a
grocer} 1 store and salon at 427 Clemen
tina streef, I 3 nursing a sore head and
Incidentally bemoaning the loss of a bag
of gold. The one was preliminary to the
other, and both "occurred" at an early
hour yesterday morning and were the
direct results of Nyhan's lack of discrim
iiialion iu choosing drinking companions.
At midnight Saturday Nyhan told his
wife he was going out to get something to
eat. lie handed her a bag containing $50,
which he told her to put away, and then
took his departure.
At 3 o'clock yesterday morning Xyhan
returned. Vut not alone. He wax accom
panied by three men with whom he was
apparently on the best of terms. As soon
as they were inside the store, however,
one of the men grabbed a whisky bottle
and hit Nyhan on the head, knocking him
to the floor unconscious. The other two
men then approached Mrs. Nyhan and
demanded the bag of money. As they
were evidently not inclined to trWe she
produced the money and they quickly dis
appeared.
The robbers were scnrcely out of s'^ht
before Mrs. Nyhan was vigorously toot
ing a police whistle.
Policeman K. \V- Esken and several civ
ilians were sooa on the scene, but by that
time Nyhan had recovered his senses and
brusquely informed the bluecoat that his
services were not required, that he could
attend to his own affairs.
After a few hours, however, Nyhan
changed his mind about needing the as
sistance of the police. He pointed out
\\illtam Coleman to Policeman J. Dono
van, as one of the robbers, and Coleman
was arrested on Clementina street.
It appears Nyhan had been treating the
three men in the saloon of Ed Hagan, at
the corner of Ninth and Brannan streets,
and left that place with them. Captain
Spillane thinks he knows the men and
expects to arrest the - other two • to-day.
Coleman Is 24 years old. He denies all
knowledge of the robbeiy. u-
Three Unknown Men Whom
He Entertains Beat and
. Rob Him.
GROCER NYHAN
IS REGRETTING
HIS HOSPITALITY
A WELL-DRESSED man walked
Into the saloon of W. F. Fitzger
ald, corner of Powell and.Jeffer
' eon streets, yesterday ' afternoon
and asked, for a glass. oL, soda
water. It was handed to him and he
drank it quickly. Immediately afterward
he threw up his hands and fell with a
groan to the floor. Fitzgerald ran from
behind the bar and to b}s dismay found
that the jnan was dead.'" He telephoned
to the Morgue and the body was removed
there. ,
Thq man had nothing in his pockets by
which he could be identified. He was
about 50 years of age, with mustache and
chin whiskers streaked with gray. He
wore a dark overcoat, almost new; a dark
suit of clothes, gaiter shoes,, black neck
tic and standing collar.
The stranger also had a gold watch and
chain and a gold ring with the letter "H"
engraved on it, which may possibly lead
to his identification.
It Is supposed that the man may have
been subject to apoplexy and by drinking
the cold soda water when he was in a
heated condition a fatal attack. may have
been brought on.. An autopsy will be
made to ascertain the cause of death.
A Stranger Takes Cooling
Draught in Powell-Street
Saloon and Falls to
r 'r ".-
L 1aai* II ao A
SODA WATER KILLS A STRANGER;
STABLE FOREMAN INHALES GAS
Seemingly Happy Man Says
He Is Going to Lunch, and
Is Soon Found at
Death's Door.
JOHN MILLER, foreman of the
I-onergan livery stables at 15 Steu
art Btreet, committed suicide yes
terday. The unfortunate man
seemed to be in good health and
spirits about noontime and told the em
ployes of the stable that he was going
to lunch. Instead of going to a restau
rant, however, he went into the loft of
the stable and affixing a piece of tubing
to the gas burner put tho other end into
his mouth and lay down in one of the
men's bunks. r "
When the smell of escaping gas perme
ated the stable the men went Into the loft
to find what was the- matter. They found
Miller more dead than alive, and nt once
notified Officers Henneberry and Bean.
When the police arrived on the scene they
found' it impossible to get Miller down
the accommodation ladder, so he had to
be' put Into a sling and lowered < to the
grxmnd by means of the winch used in
hoisting hay into the loft.
At. the Harbor Hospital everything pos
sible was done for the unfortunate man.
A McKinley and Roosevelt', Republican
Club was organized Saturday night at
Ocean View, the following officers being
elected: M. F. Taylor, president; J. Lew-
Is, vice president; A. O. Hawthorne, sec
retary; S. Pervero, treasurer; J. Reynor,
sergeant at arms.
New Club at Ocean View.
Pleasure-Seekers Pass Sabbath Out in
the Open — Fun at the
Chutes.
Thousands of pl*»asure-5eekers thronged
the j»ark and beach yesterday. The
weather was ideal. Early in the morning
the mist that through the night hung over
the oc*>;i.i lifted and left the air clear as
«ry«tal. The Farallones raised their jagged
peaks above the horizon and relieved the
background of the scene when the ships
camt In. At the music stand the largest
crowd of the season congregated and en-
Joyed the various numbers.
Over 5u00 people passed through the
turnstiles at the Chutes during the day.
Sir. and Mrs. Congo and Baby Congo are
Ftill the feature. A voting contest for
Bryan and McKinley was held during the
day, but the resalt was not announced. A
large crowd was entertained by the con
tests at Sutro Baths. S. Qulne won the
fifty-yard dash. Joe Gimary carried off
the prize in the underwater swimming
contest and S. Brooks was victor in the
diving match. '
THOUSANDS ENJOY AN
OUTING IN THE PARK
I he occasion was the annual rally day
of the Central Methodist Episcopal
School. The children in the kindergarten
were promoted to the primary class and
the members of the latter class were ad
vanced to the intermediate class. There
was singing, felicitious addresses and
prayers by the pastor, superintendent and
visiting clergymen.
The ceremonies opened with a aong by
the Sunday-school children, under the
leadership of Mr. Watt. Then followed a
prayer by Rev. H. F. Brlggs, D. D. The
children in the kindergarten and primary
classes next rendered some ofi their sweat
melodies, after which Rev. Dr. Hutsin
pllier. pastor of the church, reviewed the
lesson of the day. At the conclusion of
his interesting jtalk the superintendent
called the little prize winners before him
nnd in the presence of the assemblage
hmnded them their reward. The fortu
nate ones were: Ethel Grush. Jennie Sin
clair, Edith Harwood, Alvira Southard.
Mabel Ford, Grace* Morgan. B. G. Wetzel.
Mary Bartlett, Elmer Hubacher. Mabel
Mayer, Minnie Jackson. Grace Penaluna,
Charles Stanbridge. Louisa Hubacher,
Katie Zamitt, Calvin Morcom. Edna Hu
bacher, Ruby Irving, Johanna Boss
chaart. Ruby Irving, Birdie Henwood.
Willie Penaluna. Josiah Henwood. Daniel
Bosschaart. William Smith. Ethel M.
Bayes, Alexander Wells, Francis Car
rasco and Lucy McCoy. The ceremonies
closed with prayer by the Rev. H. F.
Brlggs.
Silver medals were awarded yesterday
to twenty-eight members of the Sunday
school attached to the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church. The young church
workers received the coveted prizes for
regular attendance, scholarship and other
meritorious work. The awards were made
by Rolla V. Watt, superintendent of the
Sunday-school, in the presence of the
members and friends of the children.
Its Annual Rally and Awards
of Merit Are Made.
Central M. E. Sunday-School Jlolds
AWARD OF SILVER
MEDALS TO'PTTPTXS
From Port Townsend Mrs. Woodman
went almost immediately to Seattle and
registered at the National Hotel as Mrs.
L. C. Brown. The stolen bank book was
presented at the First National Bank
there by Joseph Gates, who is vouched
for as a prominent business man of Port
Townsend, Mrs. Woodman claims that
he is an old friend of her family, and
admits that she imposed upon him in re
gard to the bank book. A telegram from
the Seattle bank to the Hibernla Bank
enabled the detectives to trace Mrs.
Woodman, but she in the meantime had
left for San Francisco, and it was upon
her arrival here Friday night that she
was arrested. She says that ehe tore the
bank book up and threw tho pieces Into
Puget Sound.
Mrs. Woodman Is a woman apparfntly
3.1 years of age and not unprepossessing.
She says she must have been temporarily
insane when she stole the box, and that
she did not realize the enormity of her
crime until Mr. Gates reported that the
banks would not transfer the deposit.
She asserts that insanity is prevalent in
her family and tuat an aunt and six
cousins are now insane. She says that
she Is a midwife and that her husband
died six years ago. From a diploma from
a Boston hospital found in her trunk De
tective Hammill learned that her maiden
name was Abbie Parrett.
The. son. W. J. Stone, returned from
Nome some ten days ago, and when the
theft was discovered, a week ago to-day,
he was active in helping the detectives
ferret out the thief.
Another bank book, showing Mrs.
Stone's personal deposit of $600 at the HI
bernia Bank, was also missing, but it was
found yesterday under a trunk in Mrs.
Stone's room. The owner Is certain that
she never put it there.
Mrs. Stone hiid been living alone in her
rooms at the Page-street residence, her
husband. Dr. J. C* Stone, being at Nome
engaged in mining, he having gone there
with a son. W. J. Stone. Another son,
Dr, M. V. Stone, TJ. S. N., is on the U. S.
S. Yosemite, now at Guam. It was his
bank deposit that Mrs. Woodman tried to
have transferred to the Port Townsend
bank. Dr. Stone had left a blank check
payable to his mother or bearer in the
book, and that probably suggested to
Mrs. Woodman the possibility of securing
the entire amount.
lawyer in regard' to the fortune left to
her. According to the woman's confes
sion she had stolen the tin box and its
contents four days earlier.
Mrs. Woodman's sudden departure for
Port Townsend occurred a week ago Sat
urday. She represented to Miss de Cour
sey that she was going there to see a
Miss de Coursey says that she now be
lieves that Mrs. Woodman was not a de
liberate criminal, but that she stole the
valuables in the tin box under the im
pulse of the moment and with the desire
to repay to her the money that she had
advanced from time to time in view of
Mrs. Woodman's alleged Inherited wealth.
Miss de Coursey was taken to the City
Prison Saturday afternoon to see Mrs.
Woodman, and shortly afterward the lat
ter sent for Detective Hammill and made
her confession.
Miss de Coursey is much disturbed over
her former companion's crime. She
claims that she was duped by her; that as
a nurse Mrs. Woodman wormed herself
Into her good graces and had made her
believe that a fortune of $600,000 and a
fish cannery Jn Massachusetts had been
left to her. She fed the morbid imagina
tion of the sick woman on promises of
what she would do for her when she had
come into her money.
Mrs. Woodman spoke several times of
a passion for diamonds, and once when
Mrs. Stone was in her room she suddenly
arose and tried her trunk to see if it
were locked. She said she kept her dia
monds in it and was afraid they would
be stolen. Mrs. Stone, in her trustfulnes*
in the honesty of the womarfC remarked
that she kept her jewelry In a tin box In
a closet of her bedroom for safety. The
following day Miss de Coursey said to
Mrs. Stone. "Oh, I wish you could see
Mrs. Woodman's diamonds. She has a
beautiful collection of unset stones. She
keeps them in a safe deposit vault In
Boston."
In the course of their six weeks' stay at
1934 Page street, many things occurreu
that are now looked back upon with sus
picion by those who live there. While the
strangers had money at first in plent>, it
began to be exhausted in a way that did
not tally with their tale of wealth. Then
occasionally they would • be observed
holding conversations in the deaf and
dumb alphabet, and when they saw they
were observed they would stop in con
fusion.
Miss de Coursey, suffering from a throat
affection, had lost her power of speech,
but had partially recovered it in Southern
California. The young woman was evi
dently in poor health and no one ques
tioned their story.
Mrs. Woodman came to San Francisco
about two months ago with Miss Maude
de Coursey. After stopping at a hotel for
a few days, they took rooms in the house
where Mrs. Dr. Stone resides. They rep
resented that they were both from Boston
and that Miss de Coursey was wealthy
and had come to California on account of
ill-health. Mrs. Woodman was traveling
with her as a nurse. They had gone first
to San Diego and then to Los Angelco.
At first denying her guilt, the woman
finally confessed Saturday evening, and
without loss of time she was taken,
though night had fallen, to the park and
after searching for a while with tragical
intensity she came upon the mound that
marked the cache of the stolen property.
Tearing excitedly at the loose earth with
her fingers, she brought the treasures to
light and turned them jver to Detective
Hammlll. the officer who accompanied
her, with every elgn of relief from her
mental strain.
Mrs. Woodman has confessed to having
stolen a tWi box containing shares valued
at $3500. a bank book^showlng $2160 on
deposit at the Hibernla Bank. Jewelry
valued at $300, and several gold nugget*,
all the property of Mrs. Dr. J. C. Stone
of 1534 Page street. Having gouged the
stones of the jewelry from their settings,
in preparation for disposing of them more
easily when opportunity should offer, the
woman took her ill-gotten wealth stealth
ily into Golden Gate Park, an entrance to
which is but half a block away, and
burled all of it excepting the bank book
near Superintendent McLaren's lodge.
Then she fled to Port Townsend and from
there went to Seattle. Falling In an cZ
fort to draw on the Hibernla Bank ac
count through the First National Bank
of Seattle, she left the sound cities and
came back to San Francisco, to be met
by officers and placed und.er arrest.
charge of grand larceny. Mys
tery envelops her history and- character
and it remains to be discovered whether
she is a hardened criminal or a foolisn
woman who committed theft under stresa
of strong temptation.
MRS. ABBIE F. WOODMAN',
penitent In a stolid way. Is
locked up at the City Prison
awaiting arraignment on a
Pietro Galiniand Molio Miccrlli may
be all right as scavengers, but they fall
somewhat short of being expert horse
breakers. Pietro and Melio undertook to
break a colt to a cart yesterday with the
result that they both landed in prison.
Kd Eastwood landed in the Receiving
Jluspital and the animal is more un
broken than ever.
The two Italians chose Golden Gate
avenue as the most desirable thorough
fare for horse-breaking, but they chose
not wisely. They had just turned into the
avenue from dourn. street, when East
wood cxiae sailing along on a bicycle. \ he
con had never been formally introduced
to the wheel and he felt sensitive about it.
So when the bicyclist was about to pass
without speaking he decided to introduce
himself and incidentally indulged In a lit
tle breaking on his own account. When a
vigilant and valiant policeman finally suc
ceeded in disentangling the mixture of
bicyclist, wheel, cart and
hort>« he found that the innocent East
wood had fared badly, while his wheel
was a wreck. He was sent to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where Dr. Robinson found
his right shoulder was dislocated and his
face severely lacerated.
G&llr.i and Miccelli were charged with
battery.
ing Ed Eastwood, a
Bicyclist.
They Land in Jail After Nearly Kill-
ITALIAN SCAVENGERS
THY TO BREAK A HORSE
MRS. ABBIE F. WOODMAN GUIDES DETECTIVES IN DARK OF NIGHT TO A SECLUDED SPOT IN GOLDEN
GATE PARK AND UNEARTHS STOLEN WEALTH IN MINING STOCKS AND JEWELRY FROM CACHE,
WHERE SHE HAD BURIED IT.
The woman's actions have
been decidedly peculiar since
her arrival in San Francisco
two months ago, and it is evi
dent that either she suffers
from remarkable vagaries or
else is a criminal of more than
usual daring. Her • character
presmts an interesting study
in criminalogy.
Mrs. Abbie Woodman, who
has confessed to the theft
of mining stock and jewelry
amounting in value to nearly
§4000 and of a bankbook
showing: $2160 on deposit at
the Hibernian Bank, from
Mrs. Dr. J. C. Stone of 1934
Page street, hopes to e*ape
with a light sentence on a plea
of temporary insanity.
Mystery Surrounds Mrs. Abbie Woodman, Who Con
fesses to the Theft of Valuables.
Spontaneous Combustion Causes Blaze
on Fourth Floor of a Parrott
Estate Building at Davis
and Sacramento.
Quick work on the part of the fire de
partment saved the commercial district
from a dangerous conflagration last
evening. A tire in the large aix-story
building, owned by the Parrott estate, at
the corner of Sacramento and Davis
streets, was extinguished after a hard
ngrnt. The total loss will amount to about
SlO.OuO. Spontaneous combustion on the
fourth floor, occupied as a storeroom by
Ames & Harris, manufacturers of tents,
bags and awnings, is the supposed cause
of the tire.
Shortly nfter S o'cIock Sergeant Cook of
the Harbor Police Station observed
smoke issuing from the upper stories of
the structure. Policeman Gvrfn at once
turned in an alarm from an auxiliary box
at the corner of Druram and Calitornia
streets. Before tho tire department ar
rived tije flames had gained considerable
headway and It seemed as if a serious
conflagration was imminent. A second
alarm was at once sounded and brought
an additional relay of engines to the
scene.
The front portion of the floor, occupied
by Ames & Harris as a storeroom, was
ablaze find smoke and flames were pour
ing out of the windows.
After many minutes the flames seemed
to be subdued, but later broke out in an
other part of" the building. In less than
an hour, however, the last spark had been
extinguished.
The loss to the building will be about
$5000. Ames & Harris will suffer to the
extent of about $3000 and the losses of
others by water and smoke will bring the
total up to $10,000. Fred H. Busby and
Russ,' Early & Harville were occupants of
the building.
Fire Marshal Towe found the fire
started in the middle of a floor on which
was piled much excelsior and flexible
wire. He arrived at the conclusion that
spontaneous combustion was the cause.
Flames in the Commercial
District Are Quickly
Extinguished.
FIREMEN'S GOOD
WORK PREVENTS
SERIOUS BLAZE
The fer.-ational charges made in a com
plaint to be filed against ex-Judce E. D.
fiaxvyer of this city have caused a flut
ter of excitement Jn legral circles, but it
has *ound the defendant himself una
liashed by ihe disclosures. He was not
unprepared for it. for he says he has
heard more than once from the lawyers
who are prosecuting the case ana while
he has not eeen the complaint he knew
that it uai to bo filed and he knew, too,
the sreneral character of the charges that
¦would be mad* 1 .
As to his procedure after the cas? comes
into court Judge Sawyer courteously but
Jirmly declines to say anything. "I will
fi!c ray answer within the time allowed by
law," he taid yesterday, "and it will con
tain iny dofcr.se and my Fide of the stor> :
hut until then 1 must decline to make
jiublic any information 1 may possess.
"I kiiew of the intention to file the
complaint, for the attorneys for the com
plainants came to me and asked me to
make a statement. I told them I could
not do fo. I would not divulpe any of tho
business cf my client and I said I would
make no statement to any one about her
affair?. Then they asktd me to answer a
few questions, but I refused again ani
for the same r«?as<jH. I do not do business
in that way, and I said I was surprise!
that any lawyer . would expect me to
Krant such a recuest. That is all that
;>assed between us."
The complaint will be filed to-day.
Judge Sawyer will have ten days at least
to answer and his remarks indicate that
his answer will contain his side of the
story and that It will t»e interesting.
Opposing Lawyers Have Made Inef
fectual Attempts to Get Him to
Hake a Statement to
Them.
Says His Answer, When
Piled, Will State His Side
of the Case.
SAWYER'S REPLY
WILL BE MADE
TO THE COURT
EITHER A DARING CRIMINAL OR
A WEAK AND FOOLISH WOMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1900.
10
ADVEETISEMENTS.
WITH
214 Grant ave., hsU Sutler and Poit its.
£61 Market St.. opp. Powell.
li Market St.. Junction California.
CL'fi BIIAXCH &T0KES £Y£RVWUCBB.
Conic Just to See
Great Afflencanlrap or BncTea Co.
Good Time and Place to uuj
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baiting Powder
j tines premiums |>aa
3r^lj Given Jl 1 Lv
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NVIG0RA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and SpecUl
T^l lc i? T th * S** 11 * 1 Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases ot the Kid. '
neys an.l Bladder. Sells on Its own mtrfc*.
... £ ABER « ALFS & BRUNE. Ajents.
823 Market «t.. S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
P.RONCOK MeXUI/TY. M. D.
86 Ja ttearay st* San Francisco. CSl»
DR.MQNULTY.
HUIIS WEFX-KSOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
E specialist ewe* Blood Poison, tiouorrhrea.Glec:.
}uI°JT' M ' n » 1 »»> Weakness. Irnputenc* and their
BlHed Dlwrders. nook on Diseases of Mei», freo.
Uver3)yean>xperenee.'I>rn)-< reasonable. Hour*.
9U>3dail7;(:a)toS.30ev'f;^ SandaysJOto U. Crnisul-
tatloa free and sacredly confidential. Call or addres3
' Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neural*!*.
Crugglat*; 50c fl&Bk. . Hlrnards ft Co.. 404 Claj.
4 oz tins 2OC
Hungarian - 8 oz tins 2C C
Sweet red chili-a pleasing and
aromatic spice for seasoning gravies
-stews-etc-reg'ly 25c and 40c
Lovmey 1 * confections— some holiday
novelties now in stock
Pumpkin— eastern I2 £ c
A nicer dessert than. thick— ~ "
richly seasoned pumpkin pie is
not to be obtained— reg'Iy 15c can
New glact' citron— fancy 1 lb cartons
Paprika
Bouillon capsules- 25c
Makes a quick— tasty and healthful
beef tea— reg'Iy 30c box of ten
Hudnut's toilet specialties— 16 new
varieties— just out from New York
Brushes— best grades for most every
purpose— u-4 are headquarters for
these goods
Coffee— Crescent blend 2OC
Pure — roast or ground —
here's an opportunity to supply
yourself with good coffee at -^t
wholesale price — reg'Iy 25c lb
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— creamery lb 27$C
Cut in full weight squares
June packing
Food novelties for fall and winter
Corn and succotash i2ic
Sea Foam dozen $1 40
Grown and packed in Maine —
sweetest and choicest production
'obtainable— reg'Iy $1 05 dozen
White enamel ware household goods
— made in Germany — very best
(ittcilitti
Pim-olaS— baby size 3 for 50C
A delicious acquisition to luncheon
or dinner— you'll like them —
reg'Iy 20c bottle
Japanese napkins— floral and fancy
designs — entirely neio patterns
Riesling— Hovcell Mountain 45c
Rhine type— rich fruity flavor —
the best value in white wine we
ever offered in bulk— reg'Iy 75c gallon
Over 50 varieties of fancy crackers
in tins — California — eastern — Eng-
lish and French viake
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Herewith a few • advant-
ages obtained by close buy-
ing — a benefit we gladly
share with you
0OLD BERq
BDWEN
sizes — less 10 per cent discount
off these prices
Tea and coffee canister 45c
Set of two — capacity i lb —
gilded— high cover— reg'Iy 6oc
4?»Pitie a3aSutter 1800 Calif ornU San Francisco
Wholesale prices on wholesale order*
Colgate's SOap-reg'ly6ocdoz45C
Turkish bath — lathers quickly
Comb-reg'Iy 35c 25C
- Hard rubber — coarse and fine ,
teeth — every one guaranteed
Door mat $i to $3
Extra heavy — fine cocoa — seven
German cologne $1 50
Johann Maria Farina—
1 reg'iy $1 75 pint— wicker bottle
October catalogue free for a postal
- -
Toilet ammonia x 25c
Violet and lavender— softens and per-
fumes the bath water— reg'Iy 30c bot
Shipping orders have especial at.
tention
succulent confection— healthful as
food — reg'Iy 15c can
Ginger— crystallized i 2 jc
Tropical brand— a tender-
Pimientos morrones 20c
Sweet Spanish peppers— you should
try them— served in many styles—
recipes free — reg'Iy 25c can
. Sierra Madre olive oil does half the-
work of perfect salad making
Salmon— 1 lb can I2^C
dozen $1 40
A large purchase previous to the
advance affords this low price
"Bee" brand Ceylon teas grow in
popular favor every day
Whisky— O B&Co 3 bottles $2
O K bourbon gallon 2
During the winter season it is
especially important to have a reliable
article of this kind in the house —
reg'Iy $1 bottle— 54 gallon ,. ; - y v
Porcelain refrigerators— tUe lined
inside and out — solid brass nickel
plated trimmings — hygienic con-
struction
GOLDBERG. B0WEN * C0'8 SPECIAL 8AYIKS BALE
60LDBEBU. BOWES * COS SPECIAL 3AVIX0 31X3
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
200 pairs White and Ecru Curtains, In Imitation
of Battenberg, Renaissance and Paris Point (all new
designs).
Price S3.00 pair
EXTRA SPECIAL:
200. pairs Arabian Curtains, single and double
border, large varletu of latest styles.
Prices $6.00 to $15.00 pair
White and Ecru Colonial Net Curtains, twelve dif-
ferent designs, all small borders,
' Price S4.OO pair
Irish Point Curtains In both Cream ani Pure
White, seven different designs.
Price S6.5O pair
SPECIALS.
We invite the public to Inspect
our elegant^NeiflrStock of Lace Cur-
tains just opened These Curtains
are in Irish Point, Battenberg, Colo-
nial Net, Saxonu, Arabian, Swiss
and Nottingham,
LACE CURTAINS.
./^f^f-v the Latest
l^&^Wk. Novelties in
§pP Garments
Indud-nj; Muffs. Neck Boas.
Scarfs,- Fur Hats. Etc.. at
10 PER CENT REDUCTION.
Repairir.g. Dyeing and Dressing at
Short Notice.
AD.K0C0DU21 Post St
(Don't Mistake the Number.)
Rooms 7 to it. over O'Connor
Moffatt & Co.'s. Phone Black 374V
ADVERTISEMENTS.