In the ; following table Is given the
hamea of the victorious men and mcaa
¦IMl<« lldlHllTWtfcnYliI I IN f" ' "'I'! ffillHIlMMll
.Whatever excitement • there was yes
teiday In the city over the election was
confined to . the - office lot - the Registrar.
The people of the city generally had re
turned to their ordinary, occupations. Now
and again some interest. was created by
the ludicrous street scene of some one
paying an election bet, .but however ab
sued the debtors of nonsense made them
selves, little attention -was paid to them.
In the purely local field there was but
one close contest, and this was spirited
enough to overshadow for a time affairs
of greater Importance. This contest was
that between Dalngerfleld and Graham
for Superior Judge. < which Graham has
won by the extremely narrow margin of
386 votes, leaving out of consideration the
Twelfth Precinct of the' Forty-flfth
Assembly District. Even were Dalnger
fleld to receive the complete vote of this
precinct, which he did not, he would not
be elected. It is. probable, however, that
be 'will make a contest.
In the Legislative field the one topic of
congratulatory comment, In addition to
the Republican success, was the over
whelming s "defeat of Henry C. Dibble In
the Forty-first Assembly District. It was
the general opinion yesterday that the
disaster to Dibble's campaign was the
end of his political career.
The percentage of registered votes cast
yesterday . was 88.09. In 1S96 the percent
age was S8.78 and In 1888 It was 87.77. The
registration this year. was 73,623, and the
number of votes cast was 64,863. Of these
the highest Elector : on the Republican
ticket, S. M. Shortrldge, received 35,112
and the highest Electoron the Democratic
ticket." J. H. Seawell, received 25.151. giv
ing a Republican plurality of 9961 votes.
office from daylight until dark. It was
regrettable that some of the election offi
cers were either negligent or inefficient
and the returns in some precincts were de
layed or misplaced. Messengers were sent
with all haste after the derelicts and at
last all but one precinct, the Twelfth oi
the Forty-fifth Assembly District* was ac
counted for an-1 the results of. the election
were tabulated. The missing district In
the unofficial returns cannot be counted
until the official count is made. There
will be no change In the result, however,
as the Twelfth Precinct of the Forty-fifth
District has only 250 registered votes,
which would not change the status of
any candidate In the closest contest.
SENATORS AND ASSEMBLYMEN
ELECT OF SAN FRANCISCO
COUNTY.
ures of the election, with the votes they
received :
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI
DENT.
McKinley and Roonevelt, R... 35,112
JUDGES OF SUPERIOR COURT.
Jnme* V. Coffer, D 31.534
William P. l.avrlor. D 28.877
M. C. Slows, R 27,123
Thnrnai V. Graham, I\ ....... .23,743
JUDGE OF SUPERIOR COURT.
(Unexpired Term.)
Frank II. Kerrlcrnn. R 20,607
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.
Tnomnn F. Dunn, R 32.S1O
G. C. Groexlnscr, R 29,78.*>
H. L. Joachlmwen, R 2S,2<«t
Percy V. I.iinc, R 27.MOT
John R. Daniels, R 26.6OO
CONGRESS— FOURTH DISTRICT
Jnlln* Kahn, R . 10.SSO
CONGRESS— FIFTH DISTRICT.
Engcne F*. Load, R. ......... .15,207
ASSEMBLYMEN. f
TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
C. R. Franklin, R 1.O71
TW JSNTY-NTNTH DISTRICT.
JT. F. Collins, R 1,367
THIRTIETH DISTRICT.
G. J. MeLanshltn, D 1.37O
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
J. J. IIonrlEan. R 1.50O
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
W. J. Evatt, R 1,114
TH » R.VV-TH I HT> DISTRICT.
John Batler, Ft 1.517
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
E. D. KniRht, R 1.O5S
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
E. F. Treadwell, R. l.TOO
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
W. J. Gntlf oyle. R 2.4S1
TH I k.T7.gRV KIMTH DISTRICT.
Arthur C. Fifk, U 2,041
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
Dert Schlealnser, D 2,070
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
V. D. Macbeth, R 2,170
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
H. A. Bauer, It 2,401
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
Oscar Sutro, D 2.10S
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
I*. A. Henry, R 1,SOS
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
M. W. Brady. R 1,161
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
A. A. Cavacnaro, D 1,378
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
B. C. Brown. II. 817
Twelfth Precinct not counted.
Will not chance result.
SENATORS.
SEVENTEENTH DISTRICT.
Joseph M. PlunUett. D 2,557
2JTNETEENTH DISTRICT.
Jl. J. Welch, li 3342
£ TWENTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
K. I. Wolfe. R . . .' 4,-lSO
TWENTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
J. G. Tyrrell, R 3.507
T W }&N T Y-V JLfc'l "H DISTRICT.
J. H. Neliion, R 2.0S1
Twelfth of Forty-fifth not counted.
Will not ehuge remilt.
CONSTITUTIOHAL AJIENDMENTS
Amendment So. 1 29,465
Amendment >o. a 32,$S7U
Amendment 'So. 3........... .30,407
Amendment No. 5 31,O4:>
Amendment Xo. 7 32,087
The semi-official returns were complet
ed at the Registrar's office yesterday
afternoon. These returns, as already in
dicated, are complete with the exception
of the result in the Twelfth Precinct of
the Forty- fifth District, .which by mis
take was Inclosed and sealed in the of
ficial envelope. The official count will not
be commenced for several days. The un
official returns of the Registrar are as
follows:
REPTJBIilCAN ELECTORS.
Samuel M. Shortridge - 33.112
William J. Barrett '. 34,811
John Walter Ryan J4.89S
Harold T. Power 34.64?
William R. Davia 31.67*
Christian B. Roda 34.681
Frank McGowan 34,637
Warren R. Porter 34.3S1
James McFadden 34. 1ST
DEMOCRAT ELECTORS.
J. K.- Seawell 23.15*
Wlllard II. Stlmson 24.874
J. P. Haynes 24*72
W. R. Jacobs 24.S0J
W. R. Prather 24.7S3
W. T. BajJtett '. 24.771
James X. Block ".. 24.SO-J
Thomas A. Rlct 24,7oT
John A. Cole K«39
SOCIAL DEMOCRATIC ELECTORS.
Lemuel D. BMdla • 2.0W
E. M. Dswey 2.013
Olaus Gafvert • 1.982
H. Hauch 1.991
William Main 1.993
E. M. Anthony l.9*>
Frank Reed !.M2
John M. Reynold* U$«
A. J. Stevena ...-•• 2.000
PROHIBITION ET^ECTOBS.
JameB H. Blanchard 2M
Volney Taylor 2«2
L,. A. Coble * 263
L*Toy B. Atwood 2X>
M. C. Winchester £31
N. Mnrcum ,. 243
William Kelly 2%)
S. Bristol 2»->
J. IV. Webb t,3
SAN FRANCISCO has enrolled
herself among the banner Repub
lican, cities of the American
Union. The unofficial returns of
the election, with the exception
of a single precinct, have been completed
and show that McKinley and Roosevelt
have carried the city over Bryan and Ste
venson with a plurality of 9961 votes.
Never before has the city recorded such
a splendid Republican triumph. On this
tremendous wave of success many other
Republicans have been carried. Out of
eighteen Assemblymen elected in the city
fourteen are Republicans; of five State
Senators chosen four are Republicans.
Both Republican Congressmen recelvea
'an enormous vote, Julius Kahn winning
in the Fourth District by a plurality of
5300 votes and Eugene F. Loud receiving a
plurality of 4500 votes in that part of the
Fifth Congresional District which Is in
San Francisco. The success which attend
ed national. Congressional and Legisla
tive nominees marked the fortunes of
others. The Republicans won three out of
the five Superior Judges and the five Jus
tices of the Peace who were elected are
all Republicans. This in outline is the
contribution which San Francisco made
on Tuesday to the national Republican
triumph.
Although the results In most contests
were known yesterday morning, excite
ment reigned all day at the office of the
Registrar. Anxious candidates and ex
citable friends of candidates thronged the
Judge Daingerfield Defeated by Graham Jn
an Exceptionally Giose and Ex
citing Contest.
The City Gives to McKinley a Plurality of
More Than Nine Thousand Nine
Hundred.
SAN FRANCISCO'S
GIFT OF VOTES
Chairman LIndsey of the Republicans
claims to-night that McKinley carried the
State by 7000 or more, the Republican
State ticket wins by 5000 to 7000, and that
the Republicans have a majority of 17 in
the Legislature. Republicans claim elec
tion of Mercer and Burkett for Congress
and election of Pope, Moreland and pos-
Ftbly Hays. Against this the Democrats
claim Bryan hns carried the State, though
by a narrow margin of perhaps not over
a thousand; that the Fuslonlsts have a
safe working' majority In the Legislature;
that Fusion State officers have been elect
ed by 3000 to 5000, and that, conceding the
election of Mercer and Burkett, Fusion
has pulled through Robinson, Stark,
Shallenberger and Neville. The latter is
the only Fusion Congressman conceded by
the Republicans. The Legislature will bo
in doubt until complete returns are in.
COMMITS SUICIDE
BECAUSE HE THINKS
BRYAN IS ELECTED
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.-Driven to
desperation by the report that
Bryan had been elected, a man
whose identity has not been estab
lished jumped from a Hoboken
ferryboat iast night. . and was
drowned. The ferryboat Lacka
wanna of the Fourteenth-street
line was on its 7:45 o'clock trip from
Hoboken and had reached "mid
stream, when the man climbed over
the gates and stood on the bow, of
the boat.
"Ladles and gentlemen." he be
gan, "being cure that Bryan is
elected, I might as well do it now."
He was proceeding to speak, when
Benjamin Frederickson of Hobo
ken. one of the passengers, climbed
over the gates and seized him.
The man shook himself loose and
plunged into the water, almost
dragging with him Frederickson,
who saved himself only by seizing
the gates. The suicide struck the
water directly in front of the pad
dla wheel ond was .struck by. it.
The Lackawanna was stopped and
a tugboat steamed up to aid In the
search, but the man had disappear
ed beneath the water and was not
seen again.
•
Tammany's Chief Hedged by Pur
chasing' Stocks in Wall Street.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Richard Croker
v.-as not the only unfortunate In his Judg
ment, but it is known that he accepted
th« worst of odds. He began betting-on
Bryan when odds on the latter was five
ta two. When It became known that the,
the next election.
The Republicans are emboldenefi by
their tremendous majority In the Legisla
ture, and Senator Platt and other promi
nent Republican leaders are heartily in
favor of the passage of the bill.
Richard Crolrcr, who is fully aware of
the attack about to be made upon his
power. Is preparing to retire from public
view. He announces his Intention of sail
ing for Europe in a very short time. He
ha* bo far not announced any intention
<--f abdicating. It will be recalled that in
1STM. after Tammany was .able to hold
New York County in the face of. the May
r.ard landslide. Mr. Croker laid down the
reins of power and went, to Europe Just
in time to get out of the way of the local
upheaval which resulted in the election
rf Mayor Strong.
CEOKEB'S HEAVY BETTING.
NEVT YORK, Nov. 7.— No news
that materially changes ;he re-
FUlt cf the Presidential elec
tior.s remains to be given. Mc-
Kinley is !'kely to have 295
votes In the Electoral CoHcgo to probably
B2 for Bryan. The cr.ly doubtful State
appears to be Idaho, which has three elec
toral votes. Kentucky, Nehru- £~ and
If'aho, should Bryan get ther\ vrild not
materially alter the result. The ds^atches
from Nebraska. Indicate that the result
ir. that State may not l-e definitely known
until the official court .s had. A thorough
f tatement of the situation is that McKI.i
loy has the State by 4000 and that Deit
rich (R.) is beater for Governor, but all
the other Republican State car.dids.trs are
e-'.ected and that the Republicans control
the Legis'afure rn joint ballot
Sources apparently very close to Mr.
Prj-an mako the ar.r.oi'r.cements of inter
est to those who Jire concerned about his
future. It is raid that under no circum
stances will Bryan be a candidate for the
United States Senate. It is also said that
be is rot training for renoralratlon Icr
the Presidency, and that he v;ou':d only
boccne a candidate in response to very
urgent and genera! Ccmnr.ds from his
party, and that he contemplates devoting
his time to literary work, preferring em
ployment on magazines to da'ly newspa
pers.
Republican and Democratic hopes as to
Kentucky rose and fell all day to-2ay. As
wired The Call early this morning the
chances se^m to be that Bryan has a lit
tle the better cf it, end that Bee'xhan (D.)
is elected Governor. Repubiirars claim
that they have carried the election, but
are being counted out. There is r.o pros
pect of serious disorder or bloodshed.
both parties seemingly having grov.-n tired
of the strife and violence that have con
rtxlsed the State for Tour years.
In the Congressional field the magnitude
(f the Republican izr.Csl'.ie was nreater
than had been expected. Instead of hav
ir.fi majority of thirty-five in the House
bt Representatives, which was indicated
when the Herald went to press at 3
o'clock Wednesday memir.g. the Republi
cans are likely to have a majority of for
ty-eight. The Senate is likely to be safely
Republican until the next Presidential
election. To the surprise- even of the Re
publican Cor.gTessior.iLl Committee, the
Republicans have elected two Representa
tives in North Carolina.
Secretary Kerr of the Democratic Con
gressional Campaign Committee late to
night conceded the House of Representa
tives to the Republicans. He save out
a statement in which he gave the Demo
crats 1C6 seats and the Republicans 13L
Revised returns show that McKinley
will have a plurality in New York State
of 146.4C1. Bryan carried but four coun
ties in the State. These were New York.
Pchoharie, Richmond and Queens. The
plurality of OJell, Republican candidate
for Governor, is 107.926. Bryan's plurality
in Greater New York is 27.631. He carrie<!
th* boroughs of Manhattan and Erons by
27.815, Q-Jecns by 21-3 ar.d R!clsi=cr:d by
l-S. McKinley carried Brooklyn fcy 2044.
The plurality of John B. Stanch field,
Democratic cardidata for Governor, in
Greater New York w?.s ii.'OZX
No sooner baa the rmnko of battle clear
ed away than the Democrats and H?pub
licfLr.s in the Greater City are busying
theTr.selves with deals and intrigues re
garding the Mayoralty battle of 1291. The
sr.ti-Crck«?r Democrats arc at wcrk =e~k
irg to form a combination io overthrew
Tammany Hall, the fcas'.n of which com
bination is supposed to be thr: nomination
of Bird S. Coler for Mayor. Machine Re
publicans, on the ether hanfi, are seeking
to moke Mr. Co'.er's selection as a ccnibi
r.a-tion candidate impecrtb'-e. and are eo
<ii:cttir.£ with Seth Low, president of Co
lumbia College, who was the candidate of
the citizens' movement in 1S57, and has
$:sce been a consistent Republican.
Scnie of the Republican politicians,
pecking to take advantage of the attacks
made upon the police force for levying
tribute on vice and gambling and the re
cmt Incident which led to the Indlrteerit
of Chief Devcry on the eve of election,
are talking very strongly of parsing a
State constabulary' bill. This means the
taking cut of the hands of the local au
thorities the control of the police force
and vesting It in Albany. It Is of course
3 move largely aimed at police control of
Legislature Is Likely to Be Not of
Mr. Bryan's Faith.
OMAHA, Nov. 7.— Returns in Nebraska
are so close as to be watched keenly.
It Is generally believed in Wall street
that Mr. Croker did not quit much loser
on the election for the reason that he
hedged his wagers by purchasing stocks.
He took over, it is said. 20,000 shares that
have netted him an average profit of ten
points. This leaves him with $200,000 out
of which to make good $160,000 which he
lost on Bryan.
REPUBLICAN'S CLAIM NEBRASKA
At the Hoffman House to-day It was
said that Mr. Croker placed his final
850,000 so that had fortune favored him ho
would have realized about $430,000. In
view of the result of the election Mr.
Croker may console himself that the odds
made no difference to him, as h© would
have lost as heavily at even money as
he did at the longer price.
Under the weight of this money the
edds against Bryan fell to two to one,
and Mr. Crocker is believed to have fol
lowed them down the scale, placing his
money as best he could. Then came the
rally of the Republican financial strength
and the odds receded. Mr. Crocker
stopped betting when he was offered
three to one, but again reached Into his
pocket when McKinley men offered as
good as five to ope.
leader of all Tammany Hall was so con
fident of Democratic success that he was
finking his money on the result of the
election, there, was a grand rush of
Bryan admirers who bet the fame way.
Nebraska in Doubt, but Chances Are Legis
lature Is Republican and Bryan
Can't Reach Senate.
Revised Returns Indicate That McKinley
Will Have 29^ Votes in the
Electoral College.
GREATER GROWS
THE LANDSLIDE
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Continued on Fourth Pap,
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOYEMBER 8, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
VOLUME LXXXVHI-XO. 161.
SENATORS AXD ASSEMBLYMEN
ELECT OF SAN FRANCISCO
COUNTY.
is
The San Francisco Call"The tear3 live in an onion that should water this Krlef."— "Antony and Cleopatra," act I, scene II.
Gold Prdm Southampton.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— The steamer Kal
serln Marie Theresa, • which arrived to
night, has on board $2,706,300 In gold from
Southampton. _
: LONDON. Nov. 7.— A heavy gale swept
over Great Britain yesterday. There were
several wrecks along the coast and many
persons were: drowned.' -•;¦' .<
Storm in Great Britain.
PRESIDENT ZELAYA MAY
VISIT "WASHINGTON
Wishes a Conference Regarding the
Proposed Purchase of Nicara
guan Canal Route.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua. Oct. 18.— There
•re rumors current at this capital that
President Zelaya and 'part of his Cabinet
Intend to visit VWashinfrton during the
winter of 1900-01 while the United States
Congress is in session. It is said that
the principal object of this contemplated
trip 1b in connection with tho proposed
acquisition by the United States of the
Nlcaraguan canal route.
patch saying that the military telegraph
lln» has been completed from Fort Eg
bert, or Eagle City,. Alaska,. to" the inter
national boundary line near Dawson. The
Canadian line extends from the boundary
to Dawaon and from the city southward
to # Skaguay There Is a gap of about
thirty-five miles In the line from Dawson
to Quesnelle, and the Canadian company
is considering the advisability of coverint
this line by couriers . during . the winter
The building of the line. had to be aban
doned on account of severe weather. A3
the line reaches Skaguay, It Is within
three days', sail of. the telegraph office at
Victoria, and this brings the troops of the
United States: at Fort Egbert within tele
graphic communication with the depart
ment here, save the three days' delay.
United States Troops at Fort Egbert
in Almost [ Direct Communica
tion With Washington.
• WA8HINGT0N, Nov. 7.— General Gree
ly,.chief;signal officer, has received a dis-
WIRE IS COMPLETED
TO CANADIAN BOBDEB
SAN JUAN, Porto Rlcoi i*Nov. 7.— The
Republican: majority: in yesterday's elec
tion '.was 32,759. The Federals " remained
away from ' the polls, less than one.hun
dred casting ballots. -The election passed
off without any rioting. .;.
Election in % Porto Rico.
GTJTHRIE, O. T., Nov. 5, 7.— Secretary
Renshaw/of ;.the .Republican Territorial
Committee made the following statement:
"Dennis Flynn is re-elected by 5500 major
ity, i .We have elected a ; majority in both
branches . of the Legislature.' : The two
houses stand as follows: Lower House, 17
Republicans, 9 Democrats; Council, 7
Republicans, 6: Democrats.^ ;.:
Belegate Flynn Re-elected.
BOISE. Idaho, Nov. 7.— The Republicans
concede the legislative and State ticket,
Including Congressmen, to the fuslonlsts,
but still claim the Electors. It may re
quire the official count to determine it.
With more than half the votes in it looks
as though It would: not be more than 600
either way between ; and Bryan.
mine the Result.
May Bequire Official Count to Deter-
I3>AHO STIIX IN DOUBT.
by Forty-Two.
WHEELING, W. Va., w Nov. - 7.— In a
statement issued at midnight Secretary-
James K. Hall of the Republican State
Committee gives tabulated returns from
every county In the- State; showing that
West Virginia has given McKinley nearly
20,000 majority. All four Congressmen are
re-elected. The house of delegates will
be composed of 51 Republicans, 16 Demo
crats, one doubtful; State Senate. 17 Re
publicans, 8 Democrats. one\doubtful. giv
ing the Republicans at least 42 majority
on Joint ballot. The State ticket goes
through with about 1500 lees than the
Presidential.
Control Legislature on Joint Ballot
WEST VIRGINIA REPUBLICAN.
Senator Hanna was asked to-day
whether he had heard of any such senti
ment in the 'Northwest. "Yes," he an
swered; "I have heard rumors to that ef
fect. At some of the meetings I addressed
in the Northwest cries were -raised about
the next Presidency whicn I could not
help hearing. There has been some talk
of the character you mention; but I don't
want to bo the next President after Mc-
Kinley. I won't have, anything to do
with it. I have had enough politics and
public life to suit any one. ¦'-. ¦
Senator Hanna will start to-morrow
night for New York to dispose of un
finished campaign business. He will re
tcrn home on Monday and remain until
December 1, when he will go to Washing
ton for the rest of the winter and the sea
son of Congress. ' ¦ •
CLEVELAND, Nov. 7.— Speaker Hen
derson, at a recent dinner, surprised aome
of his hosts during the table talk by tell
ing them that Senator Hanna's campaign
tour of the Northwest had so stirred up
that section of the country that the Sen
ator was being talked about there as a
Presidential possibility four years hence.
siastic Admirers.
Senator's Name Suggested hy Enthu-
HANNA FOR PRESIDENT.
RIOTING IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Negroes Attack Whites and Many
Persons Are Injured.
¦. WASHINGTON, Pa., Nov. 7.— The
greatest excitement Drevalls here at a
late hour to-night and a serious race war
Is feared before morning. t
Four members of Company H. Tenth
Regiment, Claude Duffy, George Barr
David Curry and Charles Rodsers were
attacked on Main street last night by ne
groes and all badly Injured. Company H
held a meetlnj? In the armory here to
day and decided to patrol the town and
« re »i? ut i? tne streets in squads to-night.
Both whites and blacks are out on the
streets in force and the citizens of the
town are in a dangerous mood. ReporU
of assaults on whites are coming in
hourly. In Washington borouph there are
about 3000 negroes, and the outbreak has
been instigated by the Southern negroes
recently brought here by .contracting
firms. •
A large number of extra policemen have
been sworn in and five arrests of negroes
have been made.
HOUSTON. Tex.; Nov. .7.— Last; nlrht'B
estimate of ; 175,000 -majority for the. Dem
ocratic ticket : in Texas is about , correct"
as Indicated by the returns so far • re
ceived. The only Republican^Congress
man from Texas • has been : replaced oy a
Democrat and the delegation will be solid.-
The one Republican ' State :-Senator "has
been defeated and the Legislature Is com
jjostd. entirely of Democrats.
Texas r Solidly Democratic.
WASHINGTON, Nov.: 7.— The White
House wires were • loaded with messages
of congratulation to-djy from friends all
over the ; world. . 'A ¦ large number' of con
gratulatory letters bear last night's pout
mark from near-by points. AH of these
letters and telegrams, as far as the ad
dresses of the Benders are known. 1 will be
answered. The President. Mrs. McKinley,
Mr. Cortelyou and ; Dr.- Rlxey will a reach
Washington to-morrow morning on the
regular train over the "Pennsylvania road
and In all probability they will not again
return to Canton . before- . next spring or
Messages of Congratulation.
The Republicans have certainly elected
seven Congressmen, one district, the
Third, being still in doubt, with the
chances in favor of the fusion candidate.
The election of the fusion- candidatfl in
this district would leave the delegation in
Congress as at present— seven Republicans
and one fuslonlst
TOPEKA, Kane., Nov.- 7.— Returns re
ceived to-night only tend to confirm the
early estimates of the "result of the elec
tion In Kansas. Practically complete re
turns show that McKinley has a plurality
of 25.000 and that ths Republican State
ticket is successful by si plurality, of prob
ably 6000 " less. The; Legislature will be
Republican in both branches, insuring: tho
election of a Republican _ United States
Senator to succeed Lucien Baker.
Returns Only Tend to Confirm the
¦v Early Estimates.
PliUBAIiinr IN KANSAS.
Th£ estimates on the four missing coun
ties make the plurality about 73,000, or a
net Republican gain of about 22,000 votes
over the vote of 1S98. The Republicans
gained in 77 counties and the Democrats
in 11. Most of the Democratic gains were
in Cleveland, Cincinnati and Toledo,
where It 1« rumored that moat of the
vote that Mayor Jones of Toledo received
last year for Governor .went to Bryan.
The largest previous plurality for Pres
ident In- Ohio was 60.000 for Lincoln, but
that was on a much smaller vote than
was cast In the State this year. The total
vote in Ohio yesterday was about 1,100,000
— the largest ever cast in the State — and
the vote for minor parties was smaller
than usual. The Republicans carried all
of the close and doubtful Congressional
districts, electing Jacob A. Beidler In the
Twentieth by leas than 600. Robert M. B.
Nevln in the Third by 121 and Emmett
Tompklns In the Twelfth by a plurality
of 16. . .
"Unofficial returns received from S3 out
of the SS counties warrant the claim of
70,000 for McKinley and we elect 17 of
the 21 members of Congress— a gain of
two.
CHAIRMAN LANG SIXENT.
Democrat Has Nothing .to Say Re
garding Vote in Ohio.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 7.— Democratic
State Chairman Lang had no statement
to give out to-night. Republican State
Chairman Dick said: w\
Filipino Junta In Hongkong, but Mr. Root
denied that this was so. - /
President 'McKinley will receive full re
ports from the Taft Commission relative
to the situation and Its views to-mor
row and will begin" the preparation of thi3
feature of his message. Those in position
to know predict that the President will
favor legislation under which he wiil have
authority to appoint a civil governor. Tha
Filipinos will also have an opportunity to
¦elect a Legislature, the idea being, it ia
understood, that the territorial govern
ment of Arizona shall be used as a model.
The military Is tired of the responsibility
and -the defeat of Bryan and the efforts
which will be made to crush the rebellion,
within the next few months j.wlll ; - have a.
powerful effect, it Js believed, upon bring
ing about a return of . peace. .:
While there is talk- of civil government
for the Filipinos, actual steps have been
taken for Increasing the army. Secretary
Root has based his estimates for the sup
port of the, army for the next fiscal year
upon a force of 100,000 men, 65.000 of whom
shall belong to the regular establishment.
The President and the -War Department
will urge upon Congress the necessity .of
enacting legislation making an Increased
army Immediately available, and the de
partment will then adopt measures for re
crultlnp and transporting to the Philip
pines the troops necessary to replace
those to be withdrawn. -
With respect to Cuba, it Is generally
conceded in official circles that no action
upon the constitution now being framed
will be taken befor« the new Congress
meet*.
CALL. BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Nov.
7.— Now that President McKinley
has been re-elected, Cabinet re
organization is a question of tho
first Importance in official circles here. It
Is positively asserted that Secretary of
War Root will retire. Senator Thornis
H. Carter of Montana Is spoken of a3
a member of the President's next Cabinet,
either as Secretary of War or Attorney
General. Whltelaw Reid's flame is added
to the list of those "mentioned for Secre
tary of State in the event of Mr. Hay'a
retirement.
It Is not expected that there will be
many changes in the diplomatic repre
sentation of this Government abroad.
When the re-election of the President be
came certain last night Secretary Root
cabled the fact to General MacArthur,
who circulated It by wire throughout the
Philippines. A dispatch received frota
General MacArthur late this aftcrnoo"
announced that the news. had had an ex
cellent effect upon the Filipinos, and Gen
eral MacArthur expressed the belief that
the decision of the American people to
hold the Philippines, as expressed at the
polls, would materially aid ihe military \a
suppressing the insurrection. It waa
Ftated to-day that ecretary Root had
asked the State Department to request
the British Government to suppress the
Secretary of State Hay Is expected ft>
immediately initiate negotiations for se
curing a right of way from Nicaragua
and Costa Rica for the proposed Nica
ragua canal. Determined effort will be
made to obtain canal legislation during
the coming session. Negotiations for the
acquisition of the Danish West Indies will
be pressed, as will others for the estab
lishment of coaling stations at various
points. . : . . .
The administration will make a strong
. ort , to °°taln the ratification of the re
ciprocity treaty with France, and this
precedent established; will enter Into sim
ilar arrangements with other European
nations.- Such action" will prevent the
success of tMe movement started in Ger
man y to close, \he .European, market to
American products. ' I
The State Department will also con
tinue its pressure upon Turkey for a set
tlement of the missionary claims. An of
ficial declined to say to-day whether the
Kentucky would or would not visit Turk
ish waters ito compel payment. No orders
£« v f y ?Li bec J\ lssued to the battleship
having this object in view. .
The re-election of the President is ex
pected to result In Secretary Long recom
mending a substantial Increase of the
navy. Before the election the Secretary
was indisposed to make large recom
mendations, but the necessity of a strong
addition to American warships' construc
tion, as pointed out by several officers
whose views have been sought, makes it
probable that the, Secretary will urge the
authorization of several armorclads and
gunboats.
Will Put Down Philippine Rebellion in Short .Order and Then
Begin Work on the Nicaragua Canal.
ST. PAUL. Nov. 7.— The only point un
settled in the Minnesota election is the
contest over the Governorship. Every
thing else has gone Republican oy ma
jorlt'ee so large that there Is no'possi
bility of change. Chairman Blxby figures
out S754 plurality for Vansant. while
Chairman Rosing of the.Democratlc com
mittee, from the figures reported to him
foots up 12,000 plurality for Llnd. The'
present returns have favored Vansant
but his lead Is slight. .The McKinley vote"
peems considerably more than 50.000 over
that of Bryan. However, there are vari
ous unexpected thlnps to the returns and
the Governorship will have to be called
doubtful until 'much more complete re
turns have' been received. w
ble Exception of Governor.
Republicans Sweep State With Possi-
MINNESOTA FALLS IN LINE.
The Republicans have Increased their
majority in the Legislature on joint ballot
by seven.
Senator McMillan's re-election by the
next Legislature is a certainty
The entire Michigan Congressional dele
gation Is Republican by largely increased
majorities In most of the districts In
Western Michigan, where it was expected
the Republicans would suffer by loss of
the Dutch vote, they have Increased their
majorities instead of losing. The consti
tutional amendment permitting the taxa
tion of railroads and other corporations
on the cash value of their property has
carried by a large majority.
DETROIT. Mich.. Nov. 7.— Returns up to
10 o'clock to-night give McKinley a plu
rality cf S0.S38 and Colonel Bliss.. the Re
publican candidate for Governor, 69,059.
Colonel Bliss* is running about 20,000 be
hind his ticket and Mayor Maybury, the
Democratic srubernatorial candidate, is a
corresponding number ahead of his t'icket.
in the Legislature.
Republicans Increase Their Majority
GAINS IN MICHIGAN.
Leslie Combs. Republican chairman,
said: "We still believe that Yerkes has
been elected by a majority of 3030 votes
Our figures show that McKinley has run
SCO votes behind Yerkes. At least 3000 Re
publican ballots have not yet been count
ed in certain counties, and these will In
crease the Republican vote. We also
claim the election of four Republican Con
gressmen—namely. Boreing in the Klev
enth. Irwln in the Fifth. MeKlnzle Moss
In the Third and Hopkins In the Tenth.
We are also of the opinion that Samuel J.
PuRh has been elected over Kehoe In the
Xinth District."
Governor Beckham at Democratic head
quarters said to-night: "I am absolutely
.certain that I have been elected Governor
by a majority of between 5000 and lO.ftOO
votes."
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Xov. 8.-At 1:30
a. m.. with returns from all but sixty-two
out of 1K84 precincts In Kentucky, the
Courier-Journal puts Bryan's majority at
77M and Beckham's at 460?. The missing
precincts are about evenly divided be
tween Democrats and Republicans.
Been Elected.
Beckham Says He Is Certain He Has
RIVAL CLAIMS IN KENTUCKY.
ADMINISTRATION PROPOSES TO
CONDUCT MOST VIGOROUS POLICY
The President laughingly acknowledged
Th<- heartfelt manifestation of his neigh
bors and hade the delegation goodby
The President made his first speech of
the day when the train arrived at Al
liance. The town had turned out en
nasre to m«»t him with bands and ban
ners. Workmen from the potteries at
febrlng came in their aprons, bearing
transparencies showing their majorities
The crowd *urg:ed up to the train, to the
immlnent danger of those in front.
An interesting incident occurred toon
Efter me train left Canton. Many of
those in the regular coaches were anxious
xo greet the President, and he consented
t.) s»e a delegation from Alliance, in his
'""i district. He met the party on the
I.ip.tfnrm. grasping: each hand and talking
familiarly of the struggle 4nd victory at
Alliance. One horny-handed Veteran stood
back In the crowd until the President
Kpifd him out with the familiar greeting
••\\>1L Tom. I'm glad to see you." The
I •resident remarked that ©X) majority had
hitherto bein the high-water mark at
Alliance, but now they had rolled up S00.'
"Y<*s. and the factory boys have gone
»ild." ¦was the enthusiastic answer'
"When the whistle sounded this morning
every man fell ituo line, with Tom Rus
.-• II on horseback, four girls In white
UsdinR the procession, and the town was
crazy when we left."
Greets an Old Friend.
The start from Canton Tras made <*t
l:3Ti p. m.. amid the lioom of cannon, tiio
pcreeeh of yteam whistles and the clam
orous uf llwishes of the President's towns
people. Mr. and Mrs. McKinley occupied
the private car Olympia. at the rear .f
th* train, giving; a broad platform, from
which the President greeted the crowJ
end addressed them. The oar had been
beautifully decorated within. yellow
chrysanthemums, bound with ribbons of
red. white and blue giving a wealth of
color.
PITTSBl'RG. Pa.. Nov. 7.— President
MrKiisley's trip from Canton toward the
liational capital to-rfay has oeen one con
tinuous ovation to the twice-elected hea-J
of the nation. At every stop ther.j have
b<--en great outpourings of people, bus'
r»ef=s has tn-en suspended and many fac
tories along the line have added their
thousands of workers— men and women -
t ri those who have joined in enthusiastic
greetings.
The President has appeared at each
slop shakinjj hands from the rear piBt
fTm and making Fhort ppceches at the
most Important towns. Mr?. McKinley
has received her share of popular tribute,
men and women Ktrucding to present
Jlowers to her. Patriotism, the flag ai .1
the volunteers' uniform have figured
everywhere, and the trip has been in ih-_
r.aturc of a triumphal journey to the cap
ital.
Th" President and Mrs. McKinley drove
to the train in an open carriage and n-cie
prr^tM with cheers as they stepped from
th« carriage to the train. Mrs. MeKlnlo
< arried a great bouquet of pink carna
tions and smiled graciously to the crowd
in response to the continuous hurrah;-.
Th<» President acknowledged the saluia-
Tions with a sweep of his hat as the trs-n
pulled out for the national capital.
Departure From Canton.
The President was frequently interrupt
ed by callers, many of them beinp old
iriends who have known him from child
hood. The President invited the proups
inside and thanked them for their fervid
greetings. His strong, square face main
tained its characteristic dignity and com
pusure. and yet lie looked very happy.
His replies avoided any reference to the
personal triumph involved.
Mrs. MrKinley received many lady eail
'TP. She showed no signs of fatigue and
?¦he shared in the general happiness pre
vailing.
The Presidential party left at l:3o this
p.fternoon for Washington, going over the
l'ennsx Ivania road by the regular train.
<lu«- in Washington at 7:44 a. m. Thursday.
The two private cars Olympia and Mer
lutio were attached to the train for the
accommodation of the party. On arriving
at Washington to-morrow morning, the
Prefiident will give early attention to the
<ipipletion of his message to Congress.
He has been giving some attention to it.
f-ketchlng it in the rough, so that the es
sential features are well nigh completed.
Fnu* years ago the election wa.< immedi
ately followed J>y much Cabinet comment.
But there Is an entire absence of such
comment now, as it appears to be ac
cepted that the present Cabinet will re
rnainiat least until the new administra
tion begins, and there is no intimation of
a change even thenx The President's in
timates say he is hardly less gratified
over the flection of a Congress, which will
be in political sympathy with him than
he is cf the success of the Presidential
•Jckct.
Hundreds of Callers.
"CANTON. Ohio. Nov. 7.-Hon. Theo
dore Roosevelt. Oyster Bay. X. ST.-: -I
i '>arti!y appretiate your kind expressions
ami congratulate you upon concluding in
health one of the most memorable cam
paigns in our political history.
"WILLIAM McKINLEY."
'OYSTER BAY. N. Y., Nov. 6.-Presi
<1ent McKinley: ] congratulate you and I
iiTgratulaie far more the nation. I feel
UM most Heartfelt gratitude over the re
tulU THKODOKE ROOSEVELT."
The congratulatory exchange between
lhe President and Vice President elect,
.Mr. Roosevelt, is as follows:
CANTON. Nov. 7.— President McKinley
tjs u? at an early hour this morning
aftrr a shTt rest. An army of messen
gers poured in this morning bringing con
praiulatory telegrams and friends and
neighbors gathered to cfctend their con
gratulations. The President breakfastod
at 6 o'clock with Mrs. McKinley and then
went to the library, where he ran over the
morning papers and listened to the dis
patches as Secretary Cortclyou picked
them from the thousands received. Thry
rame from all quarters of the country and
:he world, many of them being from Em
liarsadors and Ministers abroad. Many
ef the members of the Cabinet had been
heard from. Senator Hanna and many of
his assistants of the I'r.ion Club of Cleve
land joined in a, message expressing their
satisfaction. All the dispatches broatheii
a spirit of personal devotion to the Presi
dent and a patriotic sense of the result.
A drizzling rain brgan to fall, but this
did not deter "big crowds from turning out
at Kast Palestine. Enon Valley, New Gal
ilee and New Brighton.
"You are here to celebrate a victory
won not by a single party, but by the
people of all parties. (Great applause.) I
go back to my public duties at the Capi
tol encouraged by your confidence, but
dcrply conscious of the grave- responsi
bilities which your action of yesterday
imposes upon me. I can only ask of all
my countrymen their sympathy and sup
port in the solution of the great problems
that rest upon the United States, and I
am sure that nil of us will humbly peti
tion the guidance of that Divine Ruler
who has never failed thif Government
through all its vicissitudes from its be
ginning to the present hour."
At IiCif onia and Columbians there were
like outbursts, crowds besieging the Pres
ident's car. No speoches were made, but
the President reached down and shook
many hands.
Ladles struggled to throw bunches of
chrysanthemums toward Mrs. McKinley.
A voting woman kept cryinp "Bryan:" in
defiant tones, but nor voice was faint
amid the din. The screech of the factory
whistles wa? deafening. The President
bowed his thanks and when order was
partly Floured he said In part:
A short distance further on the train
stopped at Sebrlng, a new town with huge
potteries built up. it is said, by the foster
ing of the American pottery interest.
Uusiness was suspended, and the work
men poured forth to Join in the hurrahs.
A big banner announced: "Sebrlng four
«o one for McKinley."
The President waved acknowledgments,
but did not sppak.
In the bip factory town of Salem the
s-rnokf of many stacks hung over the city,
and the myriad of worklngmen and work
ing women gave the place, the aspect of
a hive of Industry. <
A vast concourse of people lined the
tracks. The tops of freight cars were
used as point? of vantage. Little girls
bore big American flags. The drum corps
was uniformed as l : nited StateR volun
teer?.
Cheered by Workingmen.
When the President appeared there were
dearening cheers, to which he bowed and
.•-miled acknowledgment, and then said:
"My fellow-citizens— I have not failed to
obr-erve the verdict of alliance given on
yesterday (long continued applause-) and
I cannm refrain from expressing to you.
in passinc my very great appreciation. of
this vot<» of encouragement and support
from my old friends and neighbors ftf
Stark County. (Great applause.)
"I observe that majorities rise with
prosperity And that the American people
never fail to support the flag. I thank
you and bl-1 you good afternoon. (.Tre
mendous atiplause and cheering.)
Starts for Washington and Is Everywhere:
Greeted by the Cheering
Multitudes. ;;
McKINLEY'S JOURNEY
ONE LONG OVATION
• NEW YORK, Nov. 7. — Governor Roose
velt, although he did not retire until after
midnight, was up in good season to-day at
his home in Oyster Bay. After breakfast
he looked over many dispatches of con
gratulation. The Governor said:
"I rejoice beyond measure over the way
the vote has gone. President McKinley
had to race the most serious problems
that have been faced by any President
since Lincoln "T by any President a gen
eration before Lincoln. I do not see how
there Could have been any material Im
provement in the way he has faced and
solved each of them. It therefore seems
to be a perfectly fair test of the way
our people are willing to back up a man
who has done such difficult and all-im
portant work for the nation. I think that
the supreme capacity for successful self
eovernment In a nation Is clearly shown
by the struggle through which the nation
has just passed.
"To have failed to Indorse President Mc-
Kinley would have been a calamity com-
E arable only to / a failure to indorse
Incoln in 1864. All far-sighted and patri
otic Americans feel deeply thankful for
the way In whtqh the American people as
a whole have shown their good sense and
absolute adherence to the cause of hon
esty and national honor.
"Again, It should be a matter of the
deepest gratification at the way those
Democrats stood by soundmohey. They,
having Joined hands with their Repub
lican brethren, share the candidate for a
victory which represents far more than
any partisan victory."
Governor Roosevelt said he expected to
remain at his home in Oyster Bay for a
couple of days, when he would go to Al
bany to resume his official duties.
m
Speaker Henderson's Majority.
DUBUQTJE, Iowa. Nov. 7.— Speaker
Henderson's majority in the Third Iowa
Congressional District is 11,000, an Increase
of nearly 2000. .Dubuque County gives
Bryan 1800 majority, an increase of 500
over 1S96. T <-' ""- "j,
Says Defeat of McKinley Would
Have Been a Calamity.
ROOSEVELT REJOICES.
TACOMTA. "Wash.." Nov. 7.— A cave-In at
mine No. 7, at Carbonado, yesterday, re
sulted In the death of. three mine em
ployes. The dead are: .
KARL HUHTELA.
MATTI LEEDEM.
GUST SANDBERG. . • ' ,-
Leedem was a married man; the others
were single. J -i _;
The accident was caused by the giving
way of one of the large supporting
beams. About fifty men were working i»i
the mine at the time,, but all except the
three killed escaped uninjured.
Accident Caused by the Giving Way
of a Supporting Beam in
& Colliery.
CAVE-IN AT CARBONADO
KILLS THREE MINERS
E. I. Wolfe and L. A. Henry of San
Francisco, Grove L. Johnson of Sacra
mento and J. M. Kelley of Alameda con
stitute all that W. F. Herrin has saved,
from the wreck of the Burns -Senatorial
campaign. These four men. who voted
for the railroad's candidate, have been
returned- to the .Legislature. • Of the re
maining .'twenty-six several; were turr.ed
ddwn in the nominating conventions as
unworthy of public confidence. One of
them, H.""C. Dibble, was" renominated and
backed by all the influence that Herrin
could command. Two years ago Dibble
was elected to the Assembly by a major
ity of S55. Last Tuesday 'he was beaten
by % 5S5 in a, district which gave a Republi
can majority of 1272. It will be noted that
he ran more than 1200 votes behind his
ticket. The work of the Southern Pacific
political bureau should be studied by
Charles M. Hays, the new president of the
company. Herrin established special head
quarters and organized a money spending
campaign to elect Dibble In San Fran
cisco and defeat C. M. Belshaw In Alann
and Centra ccsta counties. His work was
raw and clumsy. The good coin of the
corporation wits; wasted. Clever support
ers of Belshaw were shrewd enougn to
direct the disbursement of a considerable
portion of the Herrin fund. Every move
that Herrin made was promptly check
mated. The sack bearers dispatcned from
San Francisco were welcemed at various
points in Contra Costa County. The Call
docs not intimate that Herrin was
bunkoed, but merely desires to cast the
inference that the new president of the
Southern Pacific should establish a close
season for political lobsters, so that Her
rin may be protected in the future.
Among congratulatory telegrams re
ceived from Contra Costa County Is this
one:
PINOLE. Nov. 7. 19C0.
W. S. Leake, Manager Call. San Francisco—
On behalf of all Belshaw's friends I thank you
sincerely for your splendid assistance. With
out you and The Call the bosses would have
beaten us. JOHN BERMINGHAM JK.
It is refreshing to n&te that the men
of the last Legislature who were true to
the cause of the people, refusing to bow
to the railroad yoke, have been rewarded
by re-election. C. M. Belshaw. A. hi.
Muenter, \V\ B. Lardner and C. B. Green
well are promoted from the Assembly to
the State Senate. Thomas Flint Jr. and
J. J. Luchslnger are re-elected to tbe
Senate, J. W. Atherton, Marin; H. W.
Brown, San Mateo: Alden Anderson, Sj
lano: F. E. Dunlap, San Joaquln; W. S.
Melick, Los Angeles; G. G. Radcllff.
Santa Cruz; J. R. Knowland and J. A.
Bliss, Alameda; C. W. Merritt. Santa Bar
bara, and A. S. Milice. Riverside, are re
elected to the Assembly by large ma
jorities. For example Mr. Knowland's
plurality is 2068.
E. T. Cosper. who was elected to rep
resent Tulare and Kings County in the
last Legislature, did not dare go before
his constituents for re-election. He mo\>d
from Tulare to> Kings and got the Re
publican nomination for Superior Judge.
His evil record, however, pursued him ami
the people turned him down. Cosper caii
console himself with the knowledge that
he can keep moving on. There are coun
ties other than Kings and Tulare and
there are offices to be filled other than
those of Superior Judge and Assembly
man.
The Republicans will control both
branches of the next Legislature. Four
candidates are in the field for Speaker of
Incidents of His Clumsy Money-Spending
Campaign to Elect Dibble and
Defeat Belshaw.
the Assembly— Alden Anderson. Solano*
F. E. Dunlap. San Joaquln; C. W. Pendle
ton, Los Angeles, anri Grove L. Johnson.
Sacramento. Members will hesitate to
consider Pendleton's aspirations as sin
cere, and for good and sufficient reasons
Johnson cannot muster many supporters.
The contest for the Speakerahlp is practi
cally narrowed down to Alden Anderson
and F. E. Dunlap. Both are capable
legislators of experience and integrity,
and no mistake would be made in the
election of either.
It appears that the Republicans ha\e
elected nineteen of the twenty new Sena
tors. Fifteen of the hold-overs are Re
publican, hence the party has thirty-four
of the forty Senators. Returns indicate
that the Assembly will contain fifty-seven
Republican members. The only Demo
cratic Senator elected is Joseph M. Plun
kett of the Seventeenth Senatorial Dis
trict. He was indorsed by the Citizens'
Republican party and supported by Th»
Call for the reason that his opponent was
a rank exponent of boasism and the par
ticular pet of Martin Kelly and W. F.
Herrin.
Phelan is not thought of as a Senatorial
possibility. The mere mention of the face
ihat Phelan was favorably disposed t.
ward a candidate for State Senator cau?- <i
much uneasiness and aiarm to the friend ¦»
of such candidate. The almost unanimoi; |
election of the Republican Senators is ;i
direct turn clown and defeat of Phelan'.;
cherished scheme to place the harbor
front under city jurisdiction, a plank lead-
Ing up to which Phelan had inserted In
the Democratic State platform of the Sa:i
Jose convention.
The defeat of Judge Daingerfleld is an
other Instance of the unpopularity of Ph-:
ian. who had staked his politicat reputa
tion on the election of this Judse. It i-»
to be regretted that a just and worthy
Judge should be thus sacrificed and con
signed to private iife. but the ballon
show that the anti-Phelan sentiment is
so firm and strong in this city that it Is
but necessary to make known the friend
ship and support of Phelan and his or
ganization In order to insure p« sitive de
feat for any candidate so favored.
HERRIN IS CHIEF
OF THE LOBSTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLJ THURSDAY; NOVEMBER 8, 1900;
AT THE POLITICAL BIER OF A BOSS.
2
5000 voters have proclaimed the best above all
tbft "Amexkaa" clear Havana dear, »
To > Cure 7 a~ Cold : in OnV Day
Take - Laxative" Bromo Quinine < Tablets/ All
druggists refund the money if It fails to cure.
E. W. GroWa signature Is on each box, 250. •
'PIIEE DtlVM SKBLWSS
lAiRIX nUlRL s^t^lKt:
¦"8c. Overcoats and
jalbes checked Jre*
Weak Men and Women
S^SSHlf 1 '*?^' PAM1ANA BITTERS. THK
Jr ? Mexlcan remedy; gives health ami
strength to sexualjorgans. Depot. C3 Market.
BLOOD
POISON
Inherited or Contracted,
Primary or Secondary,
Permanently Cured
Not by a pat-
ent medicine, a
ery." but by the
treatment which
has made our
name famous
during the past
SO years.
Our Gnarantee
—You may de-
posit the price
of a cure In any
S. F. bank, to
be paid to us
money to m refunded to you If we do
not cur* in * reasonable time. We also
cure . lost manhood, private diseases -
etc. Advice and private book free at
office or by mail. ¦ Home cures. ¦ ¦> •
DR. MEYERS &C(h
HOURS:. Daily, 8 to 5. Evening. 7 to $
Sundays, 9 to H. ELEVATOR EN-
"7T1 MARKET STREET,
'"Jl San Francisco.
rlLLu uUltLIJ
We will pay JI3 to any one who cannot N»
pj-ice r One b ° X ° f VERU3 PI1 - E cure.
Over 5000 cures. Xo claimant for reward
"I am sure my case of piles was as bad a*
any case could be. I had them fifteen years
and tried all sorts of. remedies. 'I saw tf<*
mSE? r 11 * £?* •**•'«»«*. bousat.a box. with
little hope of a c«re Imagine my surprise
when flve appl cations 1 curert me. It 1s~ tija
best la the world. - < J.-MOmilSOX *-
• : "Salt Lake. City. .Utahl'V
VERUS PILE CURE GO., Re 226. TOoi.Woci
Or^ Ellington Drug Co.. Agents, Lo« Angeles.
Price 23 cents. Alldrusslstij, or ««nt post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL I)H i
FORD. 175 N. Spring at.. Los Angeles. Cal.
TONG I=»O GH-V.
£ Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI
rraduate of Canton Medical
* CoUere.. after a very success-
ful practice «f many years in
China, has located In San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cures effected by
; his he.rbs demonstrate their
potence and his skill. Thes*
herbs cure over 400 different
diseases, Jncludrng Brichfs
Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
„ ,, tlon. Afthraa. Paralysis. Brain.
Nerve. Cancer*. Tumom. Blood. Male- and Fe-
male Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whtwoever are Invited to call
OtAce, 727 Washington st. OfBce hours— 9 a*
m. to II m. 1 to J p. m. : Sundays. 10 a m. to
18 m. Accept grateful thanks for effecflng a
cure of asthma of several years' standing
A. DARLET. San Rafael.
DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATORpnia
Five hundred reward for any kjnl'*aiti
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours Sj"^ j
cures KmUslons. ImpotT.cy, Vari- ftwa IS?
cccele. Uonorrhcea, Gleet. Fits fTfi
Strictures. Lost Manhood and alt Lklii XU
wasting effects of self-abuse or r vf 3 SBs
exceioes. Sent scaled. %2 bottle- S CjESsKiS£>!
bcttles »; ; guaranteed to cure 'any case. Ad-
drfM HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 3S3
Proadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for tale at 1073S
Market st. S. P. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
Generally Overlooked.
Many things may cause deafness, ami
very often it is difficult to trace a cause.
Some people Inherit deafness. Acute dls-
easea like scarlet fever sometimes caus>»
deafness. But by far the most common
cause of loss of hearing is catarrh of tho
head and threat.
A prominent specialist on ear troublea
gives as his opinion that nine out of ten
cases cf deafness are traced to throat
trouble; this Is probably overstated, but
it 13 certainly true that more than half it
all cases of poor hearing were caused by
catarrh.
The catarrhal secretion In the nose and
throat finds its way into the eustachlan
tube and by clogging -It up very soon af-
fects the hearing and the hardening of tha
secretion makes the loss of hearing per-
manent, unless the catarrh which caused
the trouble Is cured.
Those who are hard of hearing may
think this a little far fetched, but any (ma
at all observant must have noticed how
a hard cold in th# head will affect tho
hearing and that catarrh If long neglected
will certainly Impair the sense of hearing
and ultimately cause deafness.
If the nose and throat are kept clear
and free from the unhealthy secretions
of catarrh, the hearing will at once rrea»-
ly Improve and any one suffering from
deafness and catarrh can satisfy them-
selves on this point by using a 50-cent
box of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a new-
catarrh cure, which In the past year has
won the approval of thousands of catarrh
sufferers, as well as physicians, because
it is in convenient form to use. contains
no cocaine or opiate and Is as safe and
plea'sant for children as for their elders.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets Is a wholesome
combination of Blood Root, Oualacol. En-
caluptol and similar antiseptics and they
cure catarrh and catarrhal deafness by
action upon the blood and mucous mem-
brane of the nose and throat.
As one physician aptly expresses It:
"You do not have to draw upon thf*
imagination to discover whether you ar<*
getting benefit from Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets: improvement and relief are ap-
parent from the first tablet taken."
All druggists sell and recommend them.
They cost but 50 cents for full sized pack-
age and any catarrh sufferer who has
wasted time and money on sprays, salves
and powders will appreciate to the full
the merit of Stuart's Catarrh Tablet3.
The Principal Cause Is Curable but
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT CAUSES DEAFNESS.
I BUCKINGHAM & HECHT -^^^
I At $$ the pair. iNo rubber and oiled silk linings,
I so unhealthful to the feet. Sold only at
| MaHOrders wm ¦'
n mcnt O. K^ KJ 1 San Francitco.SECOND DISTRICT.
THIRD DISTRICT.
SANTA ANA. Nov. 7.— Returns arriving
to-night from county precincts show that
the ordinance prohibiting the sale of In
toxicating liquors In th© county outside
of incorporated cities was carried by more
than 3C0 majority.
Prohibition Ordinance "Wins.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 7.— Marcus A.
Smith of Tucson, the Democratic candi
date for- Delegate to Congress, is elected
by a majority of 953 over Murphy, tho Re
publican candidate.
Defeats Murphy.
Democratic Candidate for Congress
SMITH WINS Iff ARIZONA.
Same precincts In 1S05 gave McKinley 134.316,
Bryan 13,804.
The 470 missing precincts In 1S3« gave McKln
l*y 12.7*6. Bryan 13.97*..
McKinley's Plurality.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 7.— Complete re
turns from all but three small counties
In the State give McKtnley a plurality oT
14.225.
RENO, Nev.. Nov. 7.— Seventy-four pr<?
clncts out of 163 In Nevada give: Bryan,
4577: McKinley. "33C8. Congress: N*ew
lands (D.>. 47S0; Farrington <R->. 3333. At
this rate Bryan will have a majority of
2S0O and Newlands about 1*00.
TACOMA. Nov. ".—In eiphty-three out
of elchty-flve prrdncts In Pierce County
McKinley has 5763. Eryan 3723. Rop^ra
(!>.). for Governor. 5020. Ftink (R.) iZVT.
Cu>»hman and Jones (R.). for Consrre^a.
will carry the county by about 2700 major
% •
BRYAN'S NEVADA PLURALITY.
SPOKANE. Nov. 7.— Special dispatcher
to the Spokesman-Review Indicate pretty
clearly that Rog-ers has the following ma
jorities: In Chelan County, 173; Okano
gan. 150: Douglass. 200; Lincoln. 400;
Adams. 200: Spokane. 800: Whitman. 1000:
Stevens. 800; Ferry. 200; Klttitat. 200; Gar
fleld. 10O.
SEATTLE. Nov. 7.— About one-half f>f
¦the total vote of the State of Washlnsrton
has been reported and shows the follow
ing result: McKinley, 27.151; Bryan. 23.05t.
For Governor— Frink (R.), 23.02S: Rogers*
(D.). 22.7G4: Frtnk"3 plurality. 273. Latft
returns from_- Western Washington have
increased Krink's vote and it will take a.
more complete count to determine the re
sult. McKinley's majority in the Stare
will b* close to 10,000.
Frink for Governor Has a Slight
Lead Over Bogers.
HESTTLT I2T WASHHTGTON.
Oregon: Original— Thomas J. Parish,
Highland. $S. Additional— Fillman A.
Swan. Lebanon. $.< War with Spain,
original— WU'fam T. Allen. Portland. J3.
Widow— Minor of Michael R. Crowley, La
Grande, JU.
Pensions granted: California: Original
— Andrew McDonald. Veterans* Home,
Napa, $10. Renewal— Dan S. Sproat.
Trnvers. IS. Increase— Frederick Bic-k.
Soldiers* Home. I.cs Angeles. 02: Irene
J. Lerrasters. Soldiers' Home, Los An
pele-9. $10. Widows — Mary L. Sutphen.
Santa Cruz, 5S; Klecta B. F11M. Saa Fran
dsro, J8. . .
WASHINGTON. Xov. 7.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— John A. Mor
rell, Lytton,
slans Granted.
HTTERZSTS THE COAST.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen-
McKINLEY'S PLURALITY IN CALIFORNIA IS
NOW STRETCHING TOWARD FIFTY THOUSAND
Lkter and Almost Complete Returns From the State Add to the Overwhelming Victory Scored by
the Republican Electoral and Congressional Tickets.
In answer to questions of the election
officers. Smith admitted that before hs
was arrested he had not lived In the pre
cinct: that he had lived on Blackstone
avenue, in Belmcnt: that he was reurr*!
tered in the County Jail: that he was a
prisoner there yet; that he had never
voted In that precinct before, and that hf»
had been convicted of practicing medicine
without a license.
"Peak. His affidavit of registration plvp*
his residence as the County Ja!l. Hl3 vote
was challenged and he swore It In.
FRESNO. Nov. 7.— A sensation haa been
caused in this county by tha knowledge
that names of inmates of the County
Jail were placed en the great register of
Fresno County and that attempts, in
some cases successful, were made to vote
them yesterday. Those who voted, or at
tempted to veto, betns registered at the
County Jail, are, as tar as known thus
far. Dr. W. D. Smith, serving six months
for practicing medicine without a li
cense; Hamilton, convicted of vagrancy,
who was a "trusty" and "Jack" Heath,
who was detained as a witness and was
being boarded at the county's expense.
"Jack" Heath grave his legal residence
as the County Jail. Heath was not a
prisoner, although he had been In deten
tion and under duress. He Is a young man
from BaJtcrstield who was robbed by
Trlxie Lewis anil her accomplices. When
Charles Ardell was arresttii in Nebraska.
Heath was an important witness and
Deputy Sheriff AVhite brought him to
Fresno from Southern California. His
vote was challenged and he swore It in.
"Doc" Smith is the notorious quack who
was thrice arrested for practicing medi
cine without a license, endangering the
lives cf unsuspecting patients; who was
twice convicted, and who is not? sprvlns
a six months' term in jail for his persist
ent violation of the law. He was retrls
tered at the jail by Registration Clerk
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Compelled to Swear In Their Vote3,
They Give as Their Place of
Abode the Cells They
Occupy.
REGISTER WHII4 IN THE PRISON
Three Men Under Duress
Participate In Election
at Fresno.
JAIL INMATES
PERMITTED TO
CAST BALLOTS
FOUB.TH DISTRICT.
FIFTH DISTBICT.
The T Tnlwins precincts In 1S96 grave McKinley
12?. Bryan US.
18?S— Metcalfn plurality ••• 6 » 3 * 1
"WOODCSOPPZK'S SHAEP
STRUGGLE WITH WILDCAT
John Flores of San Rafael Badly In
jured fcy the Animal "WTiose
ILair'Ee Uncovered.
6A$ RAFAEL. Nov. "-John Flore?,
t bo Is chopping wood on the ridges above
I>ajrunitas Creek, wns to-day Injured by
a larpre TriWcat. Lan week Flores hid
Eoxne wetfjres in a hollow tree, near wh*re
fcp «raj vorklr.r. Needing them this
incrnlr.?:. he wont to the tree and sought
to draw them out. He drew out Instead
a larpe -wilfleat.
Thf- unfrrtunat" man rolled down the
hill, the cat Wt'r^hl? arm? end shou!dprs
ar.rt rending his clorhlr.e to ribbor.5 with
jtF Fharr> claw*. Klores clutched the
Tirrt^'s throat, but ¦was unable to subdue
it. H<? v.rmirt have been killed had not
another ¦woodchorp^r come to his rescue
av.ft with a couple r.f well directed blows
with his ax <=uc<~ P eded in killing the cat.
Investigation at the hcllow tree after
ward brocsbt to light a couple of small
kittens, thr di c lurliir.c cf ¦which had prp
cinltated hostilities. Flores says that he
•will cache no mere tools in hollow tree*
nor d!f-r-.:rh th» cat family unless attired
in a Fu!t of aniil.
The 116 missing precincts in lw« gave Mc-
ICintey 2.803. Bryan 3.9S2.
1K&S— De Vrtcs' majority 4.-30
The 127 misslrur pr*clncta In 1S3« gave Mc-
Kinley 3200: Bryan. 32CG.
Wilds cf A I? ska.
VAXCOVVER. B. C, Nov. 7.— "W. J.
Lazr.rlck, a mining broker of Vancouver,
vas brought down on a steamer from
Northern British. Columbia to-day in a
/^rious condition as the result of a nght
' t. ith a grizzly bear in Tvbicii the animal
rroved the victor.
J^air.rick was hunting ten miles up the
laountair.s from Takush Harbor in the
rr.Tr.ir.g. when he spied two bear cubs.
He pave chase and wounded one slightly
In :h^ head before they disappeared be
hind a boulder. He rushed behind th*
boulder after them ar.d came face to face
with the mother l>?ar, who snarled
viciously and advanced pIottIj* toward
hic^. Lamrlck backed avrav, took aim
end pulled the trigger. The cartridge was
tmntneri and the rifle became useless.
Lamrick did not dare to run or turn
around, but continued to back slowly
down the mountain, the bear as Flowly
following. Suddenly Lamrlck tripped over
a lop and the bear was instantly upon
h!m and he could f«=el its teeth sink into
his knee. Hi.s head was on one side of
the log and hi? fe-et and the bear on the
other. He clubbed the bear on the snout
¦with his rifle until s=he M po and seized
his foot. lacerating it trrrib!y, tearing:
the fie«n from the bones. At thi* moment
the wounded rub Fet up a howl and the
mother \*~nt to Invent I grate the trouble In
The r.urpery. L&rrrick -'ragged himself
Into the bushes and hid thore. Then, he
rolled himself fcur mi'.o? dov.-n the moun
tain, unable to walk. It required all day
for Larr.rjck to craw!, hop and roll down
the mountain to the beach and his boat
Lamrick is in the hospital. His foot was
r<^uced To a pulp of fpsh ar.d bon?.
"W, J, Larnrick Nearly Meets Death
and Is Horribly Wounded in the
HU3JTEB HAS FIERCE
FIGHT WITH A BZAB
Sixty-flfth District— Cairns. R.. 1129; Levln
scn, D., 1622.
Sixty-sixth District-Dale, R., 433; Laird.
!»., 84S.
Sixty-seventh District— John, R,, 1S23; Eeck
ctt. D.. 1364.
Sixty-eighth District— Merritt. R., 1609; Wil
liams, D.. 1C23.
Sixty-ninth District— Clarke, R., 1337; Shep
herd. D.. 973.
Seventieth District— ilellck, R., 776; Wilson,
D.. ISIS.
Seventy-first District— Broughton, R., U326;
Wellington. D.. 1651.
Seventy-second District— Savage, R., 1743;
Fortune. D.. 1612.
Seventy-third District— Sittel. R., 1606; James,
D., 1481.
Seventy-fourth District— Pendleton, R.. 8397;
Wolfskin, D.. — .
Seventy-flfth District— Carter, R., 17S2; Allen
der. D.. 14CC
Seventy-sixth District— Hasson. R.. 21S3; Spur
geon, D., 1SS4. i
Seventy-seventh District— Miller, R., 1S34;
Gill D.."l4T2.
Seventy-eighth District— Bennlnk, R,, WOS;
Swlnf?. D.. 1377.
Soventy-nlnth District— Barnes. R., 1342;
Woolman, D.. 1319.
Eightieth District-Stewart R., 1518; Clancy,
D.. 9S7.
FRESNO.
FRESNO, Nov. 7.— Complete returns
from sixty-three out of the seventy-four
precincts show that the Republicans have
practlcallv made a clear sweep In Fresno
County. McKinley Electors receive a ma
jority of 100; Needham for Congress de
feats Crichton by a majority of 411; Aus
tin (R.) and Church (D.) are elected Su
perior Judges. Yost and Chandler (R.) re
ceive majorities for Assemblymen. The
three Supervisors elected are all Repub
licans. No attempt has been made as yet
to canvass the vote of the constitutional
amendments. This Is the first time the
county has gone Republican for Presiden
tial Electors or Congressmen.
KINGS.
HANFORD. Nov. 7. — Complete but un
official returns from all precincts of King?
County show that the city of Hanford
gave McKinley 103 plurality and Needham
113 plurality. In the county the plurality
for McKinlev Is 115 and for Needham 100.
Myers (R.). for the Assembly, has defeat
ed Mills (D.) by 140 votes in the Sixty
fourth District and in the fight for Supe
rior Judge Cosper (R.) is defeated by
Short (D.) by 101.
LASSEN.
SU^VNVILLE. Nov. 7.— Lassen Coun
ty's total vote is S1L For elector Short
ridge (Rep.) defeats Brown (Dem.) by 1S5.
For Congress, First Congressional Dis
trict. Frank I* Coombs (Rep.) Iead3
James F. Farrahar, (Dem.) by 164. For
Assemblyman. Sixth District. James W.
Fritter (Dem.) has 166 majority over John
B. Irish (Rep.). Rtley (Dem.), Packwood
(Dem.) and Johnson (Rep.) are elected
Supervisors.
LOS ANJJELES.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 7.— With the ex
ception of a few outlying precincts the re
turns for IjOS Angeles County are com
plete. The votes were: McKinley 18,251,
Bryan 12.259.
For Congress— McLachlan (R.) 16,802,
Graves (D.) 10,734.
For Assembly: Seventieth District—
Mellck (R.) 3735. Wilson (D.) 1834; Seventy
nrst District— Broughton (R.) 2170, Wel
lington (D.) 1342; Seventy-second District
—Savage (R.) 14M, Fortune (D.) 1313; Sev
enty-third District— Sittel (R.) 1914, James
(D.) 2012; Seventy-fourth District—Pen
dleton (R.) 4S32. no Democratic nominee;
Seventy-fifth District— Carter (R.) 2539,
Allender (D.) 1945.
For State Senator Thirty-seventh Dis
trict—Smith (R.) 7274, Stephens (D.) 4S73.
For Superior Judge — York (R.) 9953. Val
entine (K.) 82S3. Trask (D.) 9*36; Superior
Judge (short term)— Conrey (R.) 9S34,
Munday (D.) 7012.
OBANGE.
SANTA ANA, Nov. .7. — Complete but un
official returns from Orange County glva
McKinley 3S1 plurality. His plurality In
1896 was 211. For Congress Needham
(Rep.) has a plurality of 607 over Crichton
(Dem.). For Senator, Caldwell (Rep.) has
a majority of 442 over Meserve (Dem.).
For the Assembly, Hassen (Rep.) has 300
majority over Spurgeon (Dem.). The anti
saloon ordinance, affecting unincorporated
towns in "this county, has carried.
SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO. Nov.^7.— Complete re
turns are In from this county, except one
small precinct. These give McKinley 5413,
Bryan «79. Debs 121, Woolley 82.
For Congress, Second District, full term,
Woods has 4929 and Sproul 4484.
The legislative delegation will stand:
Senator, R. T. Devlin (K.); Assemblymen.
Grove L. Johnson (R-), Louis F. Roeber
(D.) and W. W. Greer (R.). The vote on
constitutional amendments is not com
plete, five precincts having failed to send
them. The totals are:
Assembly amendment Xo. &— Ye«, 3098; no,
2S70. Assembly amendment Xo. 23— Yes, "3539;
no, 2301. Assembly amendment Xo. 14— Yea,
2717; no, 2321 Senate amendment Xo. 14— Yes.
1881; no. 2574. Senate amendment Xo. * — Yes,
S993; no, H53. Senate amendment Xo. 9— Yes,
3661; no, 24CO. Senate amendment Xo. 15— Yes,
1913; no, 1923. Senate amendment No. 22— Yes,
1908; no. 2m.
SAN BZNITO.
HOLLISTER, Nov. 7.— Complete returns
give McKinley 726; Bryan. 7S3. For Con
gress—Needham, 692; Crlchton, 707. For
Senator— Flint (R-). 973; Alexander, 551.
For Assemblyman— Higby, 710; Cunning,
766. \
SAN DIEGO.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 7.— Returns from
some precincts of San Diego County are
lacking. From thoso at hand It appears
that McKinley has between 1100 and 1200
plurality. Needham has over 1000 plural
ity. Returns on the constitutional amend
ments are very incomplete. In this city
amendment No. 1 Is 40 behind. No. 2 is 700
ahead. No. 3 is 500 ahead. No. 4 is ISO
behind. No. 5 is 600 ahead. No. 6 is 50
ahead. No. 7 is 250 ahead and No. 8 Is 400
ahead. It is believed that the vote will
run about the same. The county prohibi
tion ordinance was defeated by more than
300.; The Democrats have elected one Su
pervisor (Jasper) and probably Conklin
for Superior Judge.
SAN I/TJIS OBISPO.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 7.— Returns
from all but ' one v precinct in this* county
give the following' pluralities or majori
ties: Bryan. 87; Graves (Dem.) , for Con
gress. 305; John (Rep.), for the Assembly,
198. The Democrats have elected Payne
and Smith Supervisors in the Third and
Fifth districts and probably Pfister in the
First. Four years ago Bryan had a plu
rality of 401 and Barlow, fusion candidate
for Congress, had a plurality of 465. The
Republicans are congratulating them
selves on the large gains in the county.'
The registration In the . missing precinct
is but 35. '
SAN JOAQUIN.
STOCKTON. Nov. 7.— Revised .figures*
from semi-official returns to County Clerk
The 137 mlB«Ing' precincts in' 1836 gave Mc-
Kinley 2.67J. Bryan J.938. . > .
1S8S— Xeedham's plurality .; ....113
Scattering 33
Grunsky give the following-vote on Con
gressmen in San Jcaquin County: Woods,
3633; Sproul. 3173; Woods' plurality. 4S0.
Mr. .Woods has reports from all but three
counties — Tuolumne. Mono and Inyo- -
which give him a lead over Sproul of 1691.
Estimating: the pluralities in those threo
counties to be 300 for Sproul. Woods will
have 1391 plurality, but his friends do not
give Sproul more than 200 in the missing
counties. The latest report from Tuo
lumne is that the race is close there.
The vote of San Joaquin County on con
stitutional amendments was as follows:
Assembly Xo. 6 — For. 2241: asatrm. IS17.
Assembly Xo. 23 — For. 2ZTA; against, 1?CS.
Assembly. No. 14— For. 1509; against. 2093.
Senate Xo. 14— For, 1C75; atralnst. 23J2.
Senate Xo. 4— For. 1547; against, 1650.
Senate No. 9— For, 950; against. 2184.
Senate Xo. l."> — For. 1190; against. 1S32.
Senate Xo. 22— For. 1116; a?alnst, 1S3S.
SANTA BASBARA.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 7.— >Vith three
small precincts to hear from. McKinley's
plurality in Santa Barbara County is 423.
McLachlan (R.), for Congress, has a ma
jority of 330. These figures will not be
materially changed. Merritt (R-), for the
Assembly, is elected by a majority of 700.
Greenwell (R.), for State Senator, carried
the county by 400 and Ventura County by
600, giving- him a majority over Sheridan
(D.) of 10<X> In the district. A very light
vote on the constitutional amendments
was cast, and the returns are slow in
coming in. Amendment No. 23 was car
ried by a large majority.
SANTA CLABA.
SAX JOSE, Nov. 7.— Complete returns
from every precinct In the county give the
following totals:
President— McKinley 6927, Bryan 4712.
Congress— Fifth District. Loud (R.) 6163,
Henry (D.) 5506.
State Senator— Thirty-first District,
O"Neal (R.) 2337, Carson <D.) 1713, Lynn
(G. G. P.) 10S1.
Assembly— Fifty-fourth District, Tor
rence (R.) 1S79. Wright (G. G. L. and D.)
211S.
Assembly— Fifty-fifth District, Anderson
(R.) 2143, McLaurin (D.) 1282.
Assembly— Fifty-sixth District, Walker
(R.) 2507. Fowler (D.) 16S6.
The three Republican Supervisors •were
elected by majorities ranging from 536 to
733.
The vote on the amendments will not be
known until the official ballots are open
ed, aa no returns were made to the Coun
ty Clerk. The election officers say that
the church \ exemption amendment un
doubtedly carried by a large majority".
Stanford also was ahead.
SANTA CB.TJZ.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 7.— Complete re
turns from Santa Cruz County show a
plurality of W2 for McKinley. Four years
ago he received a plurality of but 11. The
result of the vote on the amendments -will
not be ascertained until the returns are
canvassed. It is known that tho Stan
ford amendment curried by a large major
ity. In the anti-saloon tight there is a
majority of more than 2uo against the
saloons. Additional returns received to
day give the Republican candidates in
creased majorities. Byrnes, for Senator,
has a majority of 541; Radcliff. for the
Assembly, 642, and McLachlan, for Con
gress, 41U.
SONOMA.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 7.— Complete re
turns from every pcecinct in Sonoma
County give the following results; Mc-
Kinley carried the county by about SCO
and F. R. Ccombs for Congress by about
TOO. William F. Cowan (D.) defeated H.
N. Latimer (R.) for the Assembly In the
Seventeenth l>istrict by 176. F. A. Crom
well (R.) defeated/ J. D. Connolly In the
Sixteenth District by about 600. "The Su
pervisorial fight resulted as follows: First
District— Blair Hart (D.) 504. T. C. Put
nam (R.) 281; Third District— H. W. Aus
tin (K.) 1356, W. D. Reynolds (D.) 1147;
Fifth District-Frank B. Glynn (D.) 436,
W. F. Graham (R.) 373. The. Democrats
and Republicans thus each win an As
semblvman and tho Democrats elect two
Supervisors out of three. This makes the
Board of Supervisors Democratic by four
to one.
VENTURA.
VENTURA, Nov. 7.— Returns from
twenty-eight precincts out of twenty-nine
make the Republican victory more deci
sive in Ventura County than was at first
anticipated. McKinley received 1716. a
pain of 164 votes over 189*5; Bryan, 1361;
McLachlan (R.) f for Congress. 1632;
Graves (D.), 1260: Greenwell (R), for Sen
ator, 1904; Sheridan (D.). 1120: Clark (R.).
for Assemblyman, 1735; Shepherd (D.),
1313.
TOLO.
WOODLAND. Nov. 7.— Complete returns
show that' Bryan's plurality in Tolo
County is 190. Freeman, for Congress, has
a plurality of 255. Chiles (D.) has 119 plu
rality for the Assembly.
SPKjOUI, CONGBATTTLATES "WOODS
to th© Victor.
Defeated Candidate Ssnds Well Wishes
STOCKTON, Nov. 7.-J: D. Sproul. de
feated Democratic nominee for Congress,
did a courteous thing this afternoon when
he sent the following telegram to his suc
cessful opponent, Samuel D. "vV~o>ods:
Chlco, November 7.
Hon. B. D. Woods, Stockton: Congratula
tlcns and best wishes for a brilliant career in
Congress. JO. D. SPROUI*.
Mr. Sproul also remembered his loyal
supporters in San Joaquin County with
this telegram: *
Chlco, JCovember 7.
- The harshness of defeat Is softened by re-
Rierntirance of your splendid support and tha
lcyalty of the San Joaquin Democracy.
JO. D. SPROUU
Woods and Sproul have conducted a re
markably clean and manly campaign and
part . better friends than when activities
commenced.SHBHHflW
Rejoicing in Marin.
SAX RAFAEL. Nov. 7.— This was a day
of rejoicing among the Republicans of the
county. To-night In many of the smaller
towns .impromptu celebrations were held.
Sausallto led In the Jubilee. A brass band
and marchingr bearers of lanterns) made
the night a memorable one there. Re
publicans here claim that in proportion to
the* number of votes cast this is the ban
ner county of the State.
Funeral of Mrs. Connick.
EUREKA. Nov. 7.— The funeral of Mrs.
Elizabeth Connick. one of the oldest
pioneer women of Humboldt County, was
held yesterday afternoon under the
auepices of the Humboldt County. Society
of Pioneers. , Mrs. Connick was\ th«
mother of George A. Knight, the well
known San Francisco attorney.
STATE'S VOTE
FOR PRESIDENT
iMcKinley's Plurality So Far
Is 40,000.
Assembly.
According to the count as completed up
to an early hour this morning the Senate
of the next California Legislature will
contain thirty-three Republicans and
seven Democrats, Including the fifteen
holdover Republicans and five holdover
Democrats. In the Assembly there will
be about fifty-seven Republicans, twenty
two I>emocrats and one Independent. The
vote in the districts outside of San Fran
clsco, in some of which a few precincts
are missing, follows:
Vote on Senators.
First District— Selvage. D.. 3G50; Taft. D.. 1723.
Third District— Tyrrell, R., 3151; Moody.
D.. 132L
Fifth District— Lardner, R.. 233S; Tabor,
D.. 2244.
Seventh District— Corlett. R-. S320; Kenyon.
D.. 2119.
Ninth District— Luchslnger, R.. 32H; Shirley,
D., 2314.
Eleventh District— Belshaw. R..SJ47; Wilklns.
D., 29S1.
Thirteenth District — Devlin. R-, E3CS; Doty.
D.. 45S9.
Fifteenth District— Muenther, R.. 3S78; Smith.
D.. 2S47.
Twenty-seventh District— Lukens, R., 2537;
Griffiths, D.. 2000.
Twenty-ninth District— Byrnes. R., 3713;
Thornton. D.. 2433.
Thirty-nmt District— O'Neal. R., 2242; Car
son. I).. 1540.
Thlrtv-thlrd District— Flint, R., 2517; Alex
ander. D., 2145.
Thirty-lifth District — Greenwell, R., ?301;
Sfctrldan. D.. 2220.
Thirty-seventh District— Smith, It", 3756;
'Stephens, D., 372S. -
Thirty-ninth District— CaJdwell. R., 67S8;
Meserve. D.. 4772.
Vote on Assemblymen. -i.V,.;v
First District— Berrj'. R.. 1SS7; DuCy, D.,
1127. .. .
Second District— Roberta, R.. 13S7: McCon
aghy. D.. B70.
Third District— McNeal. R.. 333; Blum. D.,
TS7. " .
Fourth District— Gans, R., 1573; McGulnness,
D.. 1313.
Fifth District— Auble, R-. 1823; Hubbard." D..
20P3. *
Sixth District— Irish. R.. 1107; Fritter, D..
•56.
Seventh District— Collins, R., 1S37; Roper, D. t
1734.
Eighth Dlstrlct-Schllllff. 1S30; Stateler, D..
17S1.
Ninth District— Hanan, R., 1094; Ruddock, D..
1066.
Tenth District— Weyand, R,, 1768; Sheridan,
D.. 1931.
Eleventh District— Frederick, R.. 14S4; Childs,
D.. 1627.
Twelfth District— Rutherford. R.. 1363; Kltts.
D., 1794.
Thirteenth District— Durj-ea, R., 650; Sullivan.
D.. 1317.
Fourteenth District— Archibald. R., 910; Ir
vlns. D.. SSS.
Fifteenth District— Stewart. R.. 930; Adams.
D. 933.
Sixteenth District— Cromwell, R., 22S5; Con
nolly. D.. 1779. .
Seventeenth District— Latlmer, R., 1745-
Cowan. D.. 1S31.
Elshteenth District— Webber. R-, 1738; Boyd
D. # 1S15.
Nineteenth District— Anderson, R., 3260; Kil
kenny. D.. 2185.
Twentieth District— Johnson, R., 1663; De
I.CW. D.. 1231.
Twenty-flrst District — Brusle, R., 1613;
Roeber, D., 2078.
Twenty-ewcond District— Greer, R., 1620; Mc-
Derby, D., 11SS.
Twenty-third District— Atherton, R., 1132;
Haydeii. D.. 1173.
Twenty-fourth District — Ivcry, R., 1632; Wil
liams, D.. 2015.
Twenty-fifth District— Dunlap, R., 1542;
Thrift. D.. 1494.
Twenty-elxth District— Reyner, R., 1611; Kln
cald. D.. 16S4.
Twenty-seventh District — Ralston, R.. 1624-
Shepherd, D., 719.
Fcrty-slxth District— Matto«, R., V,ZS; May,
D.. 117-.. .
Forty-seventh District— Knowland. R., 3118-
Bartlett. D.. 1018. - ¦ ¦
Forty-eighth District— Kelly, R., 1465; White.
D.. 7M.
Forty-ninth District— McWade, R., 1S73; Gold
er. D.. 1374.
Fiftieth District— Bliss. R.. 2043; Mara, D
S50.
Fifty-first District— Foster, R.. 8542; Reboll,
D., 116S.
Fifty-second District— Brown, R., 1688.
fifty- third District— Radcllff. R.. 2201; Leon
ard. D.. 1573.
Fifty-fourth District — Torrence, R., 20C9*
VTrlght, D., 2247.
Fifty-fifth District— Anderson, R., 2100; Mc-
Laurln, D.. 1231.
Fifty-sixth District— Walker. R., 2103; Fowler,
D.. 1S65.
Fifty-seventh District— Scoon, R., 1755; Haley
D.. 2393.
Fifty-eighth DUtrlct-Shafer, R., 727; Ray,
D.. 7S8.
Fifty-ninth District— Hlgby, R., 710; Cum
ming:*, D.. 766.
Sixtieth District— Musser, R., 420; Miller.
D., 411.
Elxtr-flrst District— Sarles. R.. 1469; Fellz.
D.. 1673.
Sixty-second District— Chandler. R.. 2K5;
Gower. D., 1S82.
Sixty-third District— Tost. R., 173S; Simpson,
P.. 1595.
Sixty-fourth District— Myers, R.. 7CS; Mills.
T>.. 647.
Overwhelming Majority of Republi
cans in the Senate and
DEMOCRATS WILL BE
SCARCE AT SACRAMENTO
McKINLEY'S plurality In Cali
fornia Is reaching out for the
50,000 mark. The count, so far
as completed to date, gives
the Republican Electoral tick
et 130,332 and the Democratic 112.2S3, a plu^
rality of CS.OO for McKinley. The same
precincts in 1S56 gave McKinley 134,316 and
Bryan 12S.S04.
Th© missing precincts have about 30,000
votes. If the average of Republican gains
is kept up they will swell the plurality
to a figure considerably In excess of 40.000.
There is no longer any doubt that Cali
fornia has returned a solid Republican
delegation to Congress. In the Second
District, the only one in which the con
test was close. Samuel D. Woods will
have 1500 plurality over J. D. Sproul.
CALIFORNIA'S
SOLID SEVEN
Pluralities of the Republican
Congressmen.
CALIFORNIA'S SEVEN CONGRESSMEN-ELECT, A SOLID REPUBLICAN DELEGATION.
Hartzell was employed In a repair shop
on San Carlos Ftreet. For some time he
has been undrr police suspicion, and 1?
accused cf a number of thefts. An un
usuaJ effort will be mad? to capture him.
McCormick Is determined Hartzell shall
be punished and the cheers are looking
tor him. It is believed he took the girl
to Far. Francisco, and from there to Los
£AX JOSE. Sot. 7.— A young husband'e
Infidelity and unfaithfulness ' alter three
short tveelia of married life was brought
to licht yesterday in Justice Wallace's
court by the Issuance of a warrant for
Warren HartieU's arrest on a charge of
abduction. The complainant Is B. P.
iicCormick. Mho accuses Hartzell of hav
ing enticed his 16-year-old daughter,
ilaud, away from home, for the purpose
cf forcing her into an immoral life. The
Cirl. whoso mother is dead, had been
jreping house for her father.
Three weeks ago Hartzeil, who Is well
known about the city, married Hiss Bes
eie Showers, an estimable girl, only 16
years cf age. They at once went to house
keeping and seemed happy. After the
first week the voung husband stayed
away a great deal In the evenings, tell
ing his wife that his work ck-tained him.
<Jn Sunday night he failed to come home
et all. ar.d Inquiry showed that Maud Mc-
Cormlck, a. 16-vcar-cld miss, also was
xni?Eir.g. Then It was learned that Hart
ecil had fpent a sreat deal cf his tlm«
In ths girls company. Mrs. Hartzell Is
r.*?arly heartbroken over her husband's
conduct.
£sec!aJ XXsp&teh to Tbe Call.
forsakes Her Thres Weeks Later
and Induces Another Young
Miss to Hope With
TTItti.
WEDS A SIXTEEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL
San Jose Rounder Brings
Grief to Two Estimable
Families.
DESERTS BRIDE
AND IS WANTED
FOB ABDUCTION
SIXTH DISTRICT.
liJfc— Waters' plurality 5551
Scattering / I...*. 11
SEVENTH DISTRICT.
EANTA MARIA, Nov. 7.— An entertainment
vti riven by the ladles of Santa Maria for the
benefit of the Galveston sufferers. The net
proceeds, $74, were forwarded to the Mayor
' THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1900.
FTRST DISTBICT.
„ PRESIDENTIAL VOTE 1900.
3
p I ¦ $
I - & q
: I ?
COUNTIES. g • f
S : :
I ! I
LJ _i_ •
Pan Franclcco (part) 13S] 15.29T 10.638
f-aji Mateo 19 1.3^5 i.a.3
Eant-a Clara 72 6.171 5.431
"Totals I 2:6; 22.833! 17.f>S
ISSly— Loud's pluralltr 2.M2
Loud's majority 1,370
5"
n
E
1
P
3
COUXTIES.
5
c
-^1
-! -
Al;
Co!
Co:
[-a
So)
\'c
ameda
i'.UM
>rtra Costa
onn
ike
Icno
:lo
. 141 13.711 6.627
. y.[ 593 9S0
23 2.Ci8 1.131
lOl 323 630
1GI £C5 703
36': 3.129 2.1S5
. 23' 1.442 1,714
Totals
.| 2Sl! 21.8271 14.2SS
COUNTIES.
*S <; no LTnexplred
3 tf Term.
i. iii fin i - 1
B i ! S §
•g : ; • :
I : : : • :
[
Alpine
Amador
Ttutte
Ca]av»r«
Kl Dorado
Invo
5 67 15 C7 15
15 974 S34 843 906
40 1.765 2,036 1.T36 I.J9!
27 J.3S9 1.115 1.S97 1,212
19 ! 7S6 1,012 79: SS7
10* SOS! 303 2«S 347
Marlposa I
i 2] 18 31 . 3 21
Mono I
Wvada
Placer
Sacramento
Pan Joaquin
Putter
Tuolumna
Tuba I
42! 2.17S 1.766J 2.121 1.773
87 l.«6S 1.369! 1.63S 1.363
7V 4.96 »: 4.449 4.SS3 4.S35
52* 3.6SS J.10S 3.6^ 3.093
171 775 K2 775 652
IS! 434 603 498 607
! 2P 1.040 J 1.0331 1.061 1.007
Totals ........|
II I : I
369! 20.124! 1S.447] 19.9501 18,463
?
3
if
I
9
_*1
COUXTIES.
a
a
o
¦»
y
D
->
3
Del Xorte ..
HuxnboMt ...
LaFsen
Marin
Mendoclno ..
Modoc
Napa
Pluir.as
Efcasta
Sierra
SlFkiyou
Ronorn*
Tehama
Trinity
'. t 2S5 293
41 3,14»! 1.411
. 16 • 417 237
. 22 1.55$ b81
21! 1.C93 1.003
7 255 365
2.116 1,143
S 4*0 293
. 40 1.3S5 3L2O<
7 SS4 231
23 1.035 1.022
K 4.037 3.193
82 1-194 1.151
. 10 367 93
Totals ...
. 817I 17,701 12.CS!
cou>rriES.
-3
!-• •
<T
p
.2..
3
o
2
3
3
«;
m
0
i
*£* * I i* el «'" ••:•• 139 13.9C9 9.61«
San Luis Obispo 5 } ,-S rjil
Ran^K ara ? » -^««
Ventura J9 xvr> ' 947
Totals ~TK\ n.6«S 16.493
p
3
COUNTY. :
|
> O
f s
— =
• 3
o
I i
5
2 m
? :
•
! »
San Franclscc.f 16.836;
Kahn'H plurality
; 11.M71 1.194|
951 I 96
B,3»
5
n
n
n
c
|
p
3
v
o
p
Fresno
Kern
Kln*s
Madera
Merced •
Orange '....".
Riverside • •
San Benlto
£an Bernardino
San DIpko
Rtanlslaud
Xulare -
COUNTIES.
64 3.M6
17 501
2 Ml
12 614
19 751
30 2.034
33 2,134
'19 692
41 2.665
76 3,766
22 1.1S4
40 1.717
375 19,S5o]
s
3
it
¦o
a
a
3
3,221
700
179
425
978
1.617
824
707
1.712
2,173
ll«59
15.737
Totals
COUNTIES.
3
¦
s
"1
q
a
0
?
9
Q
President.
2 3
X »
3 ?
a 3
13 '.
A la mod a
Alpine
Atnador
Butte
Calavpras
Colusa
Contra Costa
Del N'orte
El Dorado
Fresno
Glenn
Humboldt
Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
Laasen
Los Angeles
Madera
Marln
Mariposa
Mendocino
Merced
Modoc
Mono '
Monterey
Napa
Nevada
Orange
Placer
Plumas
Riverside
Sacramento
San Benlto
Pan Bernardino
San Diego
San Francisco
San Joaqutn
San Lulu Oblspo
San Matco
Santa Barbara
Santa Clara I
Santa. Cruz
shnjtta
Sierra -.
Slsklyou
Solano -•»
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Sinter
Tenama
Trinity
Tulare
Tuolumna
Ventura
Tolo
Yuba
Ml! 22.43S 14,113 6.ni
5 90 70 13
13 1.973 1,041 873
40! 3.822 2.0?>7| 1.740
27 2.6O.» 1.4311 1.141
20 ¦ 1.796 «."»! 1.027
S3 3.887 2,1«9 1.57S
• 8 toll 326 295
19 1.S78 m\ 977
64 7.178 t.at\ 3,411
10 1.011 3S1| 60S
41 4.S24 3.311! 1.4M
10 631 30S! 352
17 1.3S7 610 737
Jt 43$ 393 2*<5
181 1.S4S 57«| 74S
is; gill 4t<: 3H
1391 2S.672: 13,»17[ 10.7M
12,' 1.124! 574 4S7
22! 2,613 1.700 8S3
2! M 30 24
21! 2,231 1.1S6 1.024
19 1.8321 788 1.C37
7 722 3i)J 3SS
ZZ\ 3!307|"i'.54i "i.*479
28! :,605[ 1.9901 1.332
42! 4.322! 2.3ir,( 1,733
30! 4.041! S.1S31 1.745
17! 3,i9«! 1,701 i,ra
8 7371 4J1 297
S3 1 3.374! 2. IIS 9S'i
71! 10..-.W| 5.41S 4.341
19! 1.S59I 7261 ~Xt
«l 4.713 2.6«r. L813
7S| 8.1131 3,379 ! 2.419
303! M.8«l 33.112! B.151
52! 7.074! 3.472! 3.13J
29 2.914! 1.3.MI 1.442
19! 2AV.I 1.718! 1.021
2fi! 3.3211 1.7S1! 1.4U
! 72! 11.9721 7.10S! 4.73S
42i 4.0UI 2.1M! l.«70
•*>} 3,4*S! 1.614 1.702
7 1 6C3! 4ill 2«7
231 2.1331 1.167 972
S6l 5.620! 1.143 2.274
C6l 8.042! 4.240 S.ViJ
22! 2.30:i 1.0971 1,330
171 1.4S1 8211 «7
32! 2.4«6t 1.243! 1.133
10! 7241 377! 343
«l 3.R63I 1.877 iOM
121 1.1S3I 523, 632
19 2,:27 1.333! 933
Cl 3.337 1.5301 1,712
20 2,133 1.176 970
Totals !:
li 0231276. 733!l3'>.3C2':il2. 283
p I ¦ $
I - & q
: I ?
COUNTIES. g • f
S : :
I ! I
LJ _i_ •
Pan Franclcco (part) 13S] 15.29T 10.638
f-aji Mateo 19 1.3^5 i.a.3
Eant-a Clara 72 6.171 5.431
"Totals I 2:6; 22.833! 17.f>S
ISSly— Loud's pluralltr 2.M2
Loud's majority 1,370
5"
n
E
1
P
3
COUXTIES.
5
c
-^1
-! -
Al;
Co!
Co:
[-a
So)
\'c
ameda
i'.UM
>rtra Costa
onn
ike
Icno
:lo
. 141 13.711 6.627
. y.[ 593 9S0
23 2.Ci8 1.131
lOl 323 630
1GI £C5 703
36': 3.129 2.1S5
. 23' 1.442 1,714
Totals
.| 2Sl! 21.8271 14.2SS
COUNTIES.
*S <; no LTnexplred
3 tf Term.
i. iii fin i - 1
B i ! S §
•g : ; • :
I : : : • :
[
Alpine
Amador
Ttutte
Ca]av»r«
Kl Dorado
Invo
5 67 15 C7 15
15 974 S34 843 906
40 1.765 2,036 1.T36 I.J9!
27 J.3S9 1.115 1.S97 1,212
19 ! 7S6 1,012 79: SS7
10* SOS! 303 2«S 347
Marlposa I
i 2] 18 31 . 3 21
Mono I
Wvada
Placer
Sacramento
Pan Joaquin
Putter
Tuolumna
Tuba I
42! 2.17S 1.766J 2.121 1.773
87 l.«6S 1.369! 1.63S 1.363
7V 4.96 »: 4.449 4.SS3 4.S35
52* 3.6SS J.10S 3.6^ 3.093
171 775 K2 775 652
IS! 434 603 498 607
! 2P 1.040 J 1.0331 1.061 1.007
Totals ........|
II I : I
369! 20.124! 1S.447] 19.9501 18,463
COUNTIES.
3
¦
s
"1
q
a
0
?
9
Q
President.
2 3
X »
3 ?
a 3
13 '.
A la mod a
Alpine
Atnador
Butte
Calavpras
Colusa
Contra Costa
Del N'orte
El Dorado
Fresno
Glenn
Humboldt
Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
Laasen
Los Angeles
Madera
Marln
Mariposa
Mendocino
Merced
Modoc
Mono '
Monterey
Napa
Nevada
Orange
Placer
Plumas
Riverside
Sacramento
San Benlto
Pan Bernardino
San Diego
San Francisco
San Joaqutn
San Lulu Oblspo
San Matco
Santa Barbara
Santa Clara I
Santa. Cruz
shnjtta
Sierra -.
Slsklyou
Solano -•»
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Sinter
Tenama
Trinity
Tulare
Tuolumna
Ventura
Tolo
Yuba
Ml! 22.43S 14,113 6.ni
5 90 70 13
13 1.973 1,041 873
40! 3.822 2.0?>7| 1.740
27 2.6O.» 1.4311 1.141
20 ¦ 1.796 «."»! 1.027
S3 3.887 2,1«9 1.57S
• 8 toll 326 295
19 1.S78 m\ 977
64 7.178 t.at\ 3,411
10 1.011 3S1| 60S
41 4.S24 3.311! 1.4M
10 631 30S! 352
17 1.3S7 610 737
Jt 43$ 393 2*<5
181 1.S4S 57«| 74S
is; gill 4t<: 3H
1391 2S.672: 13,»17[ 10.7M
12,' 1.124! 574 4S7
22! 2,613 1.700 8S3
2! M 30 24
21! 2,231 1.1S6 1.024
19 1.8321 788 1.C37
7 722 3i)J 3SS
ZZ\ 3!307|"i'.54i "i.*479
28! :,605[ 1.9901 1.332
42! 4.322! 2.3ir,( 1,733
30! 4.041! S.1S31 1.745
17! 3,i9«! 1,701 i,ra
8 7371 4J1 297
S3 1 3.374! 2. IIS 9S'i
71! 10..-.W| 5.41S 4.341
19! 1.S59I 7261 ~Xt
«l 4.713 2.6«r. L813
7S| 8.1131 3,379 ! 2.419
303! M.8«l 33.112! B.151
52! 7.074! 3.472! 3.13J
29 2.914! 1.3.MI 1.442
19! 2AV.I 1.718! 1.021
2fi! 3.3211 1.7S1! 1.4U
! 72! 11.9721 7.10S! 4.73S
42i 4.0UI 2.1M! l.«70
•*>} 3,4*S! 1.614 1.702
7 1 6C3! 4ill 2«7
231 2.1331 1.167 972
S6l 5.620! 1.143 2.274
C6l 8.042! 4.240 S.ViJ
22! 2.30:i 1.0971 1,330
171 1.4S1 8211 «7
32! 2.4«6t 1.243! 1.133
10! 7241 377! 343
«l 3.R63I 1.877 iOM
121 1.1S3I 523, 632
19 2,:27 1.333! 933
Cl 3.337 1.5301 1,712
20 2,133 1.176 970
Totals !:
li 0231276. 733!l3'>.3C2':il2. 283
?
3
if
I
9
_*1
COUXTIES.
a
a
o
¦»
y
D
->
3
Del Xorte ..
HuxnboMt ...
LaFsen
Marin
Mendoclno ..
Modoc
Napa
Pluir.as
Efcasta
Sierra
SlFkiyou
Ronorn*
Tehama
Trinity
'. t 2S5 293
41 3,14»! 1.411
. 16 • 417 237
. 22 1.55$ b81
21! 1.C93 1.003
7 255 365
2.116 1,143
S 4*0 293
. 40 1.3S5 3L2O<
7 SS4 231
23 1.035 1.022
K 4.037 3.193
82 1-194 1.151
. 10 367 93
Totals ...
. 817I 17,701 12.CS!
cou>rriES.
-3
!-• •
<T
p
.2..
3
o
2
3
3
«;
m
0
i
*£* * I i* el «'" ••:•• 139 13.9C9 9.61«
San Luis Obispo 5 } ,-S rjil
Ran^K ara ? » -^««
Ventura J9 xvr> ' 947
Totals ~TK\ n.6«S 16.493
5
n
n
n
c
|
p
3
v
o
p
Fresno
Kern
Kln*s
Madera
Merced •
Orange '....".
Riverside • •
San Benlto
£an Bernardino
San DIpko
Rtanlslaud
Xulare -
COUNTIES.
64 3.M6
17 501
2 Ml
12 614
19 751
30 2.034
33 2,134
'19 692
41 2.665
76 3,766
22 1.1S4
40 1.717
375 19,S5o]
s
3
it
¦o
a
a
3
3,221
700
179
425
978
1.617
824
707
1.712
2,173
ll«59
15.737
Totals
p
3
COUNTY. :
|
> O
f s
— =
• 3
o
I i
5
2 m
? :
•
! »
San Franclscc.f 16.836;
Kahn'H plurality
; 11.M71 1.194|
951 I 96
B,3»
ADVEETISESmrrS.
At a recent voting contest it was unanimous-
ly decided ~ that there ' wu nothing; ; better * on
earth than the '.'American" dear Havana dear*
When there is disease of the delicate
female oreanisra, it is only a question of
time until the general health becomes
undermine-i Nervousness, sleeplessness,
loss of appetite and "sinking spells"
produce su::ering almost indescribable.
There can be no restoration of the gen-
eral health until the local health of the
womanly orrrarusm is re-established. _
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
establishes regularity, dries offensive
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tioa and cures fesiale weakness. It
encourages the appetite, tranquilizes the
nerves and induces refreshing sleep.
"Yo-j woo'd be surprised if j-oti could have
seen inc when I commenced taking Dr. Pierce s
medicine ana could ses roe now," writes J»rs.
Isaac S. JUrris, of Gayrille. Yanlcton Co., So.
Dakota. "I had no appetite, was completely
rna down. . Itave had stomach trouble for ye«rs
atvi -sra* so nervous I could not steep. " e
ha-.-e spent a lot of money doctoring, but there
was not one thin? that I took that did me
a::y good, ercrpt ior a short time : till I com-
menced takiaar Dr. Pierce's Farorite Prescnp-
ti-jn and *Golaea Medical Discovery.' In three
days after I commenced taking his medicines I
could see a chang- Tor the better, and from that
time I have steadily been Retting better. Can
wslk ex ride to a=y place I want to. and I feel
like a new person. Since taking Dr. Pierce's
medicines I can sleep all night and never Ret
«p tired in the morning ; can eat anything and
it don't hurt me."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellet* cure bil-
lsssness and sick headache.
SO
NERVOUS
I
COULD
NOT
SLEEP.
WW* [ '(f NERVOl
S I / COULD
1^ U SLEEP,
J^f^L End made to
your measure
il'Mfili^fll 'liinirif 1 order suit5 y° u have a
IK lltSwSnl^i 'JSfl if 1 large line from which to
]M fi'lSwS! 1 )tf|Mw| NH choose ; smooth-finished
nW^^li lMp!E l| sl I fancy worsteds and cas^ I
I I 'lift i$S 'HiTlJ simeres; rough-finished
B8#i ''!!' %t ; --l'lj! cloths, such as cheviots
I Wnlflira and tweeds « a11 in H - ht
Wilfi -iff r •' '* '(' Ip breasted vest, or double-
Hi! m* 11 ¦' |l !ll breastec * coat J also the Strand
I lip «¦ r PSl § ood " la bel, which protects
I1« *' inS til! Out-of-town orders filled. Write for
IPliiiii ftfllilSl samples and self-measuring blank.
II II "S. N. WOOD & CO.
If 'I HBiiinll 718 Market St. and
vSlm.j* clitJRi Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts.ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
8POKTOT.
Wednesday. November T.
fitmr Crescent City, Btockfletb. 82 hours from
Crescent City.
Nov 7, 14 miles NW of Point Reyet— Fr bark
lAmorlcicre, from Newcastle, NSW, for Ban
Francisco.
Attacked by a Robber.
"William : Stuart, a cook/ while -walking
along Jackson street last night, was ac
costed by an evil looking stranger, who
asked him for a match. Stuart, after
giving him a Iuc4fer> started to walk
away, when the man' grabbed him , by the
throat and after severely choking him,
took a J20 gold niece from his vest pocket.
He then ran along: the street and disap
peared in the darkness.
From the description given, of the rob
ber, the police believe he Is the same
man who garroted William Jones a few
nights ago at Pacific and Sansome streets
and robbed him 'of S3.
PETTIGREW'S NEW SCHEME.
The Snowed-TJnder Senator Says a
New Party "Will Be Formed.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., Nov. 7.— "I pre
dict tho formation of a new party, based
on the protests of the outraged against
Republicanism, as taught by Hanna," de
clared United States Senator R, F. Fet
tigrew this morning. He had Ju*t left
his home, to which he withdrew last night
when the first considerable batch of tel
egrams . arrived from South Dakota.
"I saw how It was going and wen*,
home. For weeks I have told the national
committee we were defeated In South Da
kota, but they have kept claiming the
State and I have been working for po
litical effect No, str, I waa not disap
pointed; I slept well last night. I will
remain in Sioux Falls and I am now go-
Ing to resume my mill north of town.
Defeat is the more welcome to me, as it
has come, than victory would have been
if it came by indorsing? the sort of policy
which the Republican party represents.
"Yes, of course. I. will be In the new
party. What It will be called Is of little
moment. It may be 'Social Labor* or It
may be the new Democracy. It will be
made up of persons discontented with the
elements in politics, as a protest against
the* existing condition and tho present
tendency of things. The movement will
grow rapidly and I believe will defeat the
Republican party In 1S04. The Mane
Hanna Republicanism Is menacing the re
public. The concentration of wealth will
create an Influence soon to restrict the
right of Buffrage until capitalists will eay
no one Is lit to take part In the govern
ment who does not know enough to make
money. At first the limits will Include a
small majority and then the amount will
be raised until there is nominally a aimon
pure Illiteracy.
"The election does not stand as an in
dorsement of all the administration stands
for. The cry of prosperity and the racial
trait are more apparent now than ever
before— of getting all we can and keep-
Ing all we can get. No Anglo-Sajton na
tion ever voted against the party in power
while involved In war. I thought It wouid
be difficult this time because of more dis
semination of knowledge. There will
likely occur divorcement of the Demo
cratic and Populist parties, but the new
McMANUS AND SQUAD
LEAVE CHINATOWN
They Have Made a Record for Ar-
Been Equaled.
rests and Fines That Has Not
Sergeant McManus and his squad, con
elsting of Policemen Regan, M. T. Coo
noy, Robert Connor, T. F. Burke, Dave
Murphy and Michael Brady, were relieved
from further duty in Chinatown yester
day, after a service of three months and
five days. Their record for arrests and
the amount of fines collected ha3 not
been exceeded by any previous squad dur
ing a similar period. The total number
of arrests was S54 and the total number
of fines collected $G036 50. They were de
tailed for duty In the Chinese quarter at
a critical time and by their actions hav«
shown that the confidence reposed in them
by Chief Sullivan was not misplaced. Be
sides making the arrests they served 137
search warrants, caught fifteen lottery
drawings and closed up thirteen lottery
agencies patronized by whites.
Sergeant Brophy . and his sauad took
charge of Chinatown yesterday and from
the men selected . to work with him he
should make a creditable showing. They
are Policemen R. N. Sliver, P. H. Hering,
T. W. Handley, A. T. McQuaide. Feliz
Dougherty and P. J. Campion. Most of
them have seen servlco In Chinatown be
fore and are all experienced^ officers.
: »' * '.
party will be the popular one. I cannot
pay whether Mr. Bryan will affiliate wittt
It or not."
HANNA IN CHEEKFUI. MOOIX
CLEVELAND. Nov. 7.— Senator Hanna
did not reach his office until after noon
to-day, having remained up until a very
late hour last night hearing the election
returns. Mr. Hanna found a perfect de
luge of congratulatory telegrams piled on
his desk. As the Senator glanced through
the messages he said:
"It Is a veritable Republican landslide.
It is even better than we expected, espe
cially In Indiana and Nebraska. The gen
eral result Is Indeed most gratifying."
Senator Hanna talked with State Chair
man Dick at Columbia by lone-dlstanca
telephone. General Dick eaid McKlnley'a
plurality In Ohio would not be less than
60.000, and that it might reach 80,000.
Mr. Hanna said that he preferred not
to give out a general statement cm . tha
result until he had thoroughly canvassed
the returns. He added that he would
probably have something to say later In
the day.
To-morrow night Mr. Hanna will leave
here for New York, where he will wind up
the affairs of tho national Republican
headquarters In that city.
Yellow Fever In Nicaragua.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua. Nov. 7.— El
Comercio of this city In its Issue of to
day declared that yellow fever Is pre
vailing in the city of Leon to on alarming
extent and that tha disease is of a very
dangerous typ*.
NTCTv" YORK, Nov. 7.— More than 3000
brokers, members of the Stock. Produce
and Maritime and Cotton exchanges, pa
raded this afternoon in celebration of the
election of William McKlnley. After the
close of the Produce Exchange the mem
ber! gathered at the corner of Whitehall
and Beaver streets, where tho Sixty-ninth
Regiment band was Btatloned. A line was
formed and headed by a platoon of police
the brokers marched into the exchange.
They marched around the floor waving
banners and flags and cheering for Me-
Kinley. An Immense American flag sus
pended as the brokers made their advent
was tho signal for a continuous cheer that
was taken up by throngs that crowded
the galleries and the corridors. The ren
dition of "Tno Star-spangled Banner" by
the band was another signal for long
cheers, lasting several minutes. Ladles
in the gallery frantically waved handker
chiefs and the long din of cheers drowned
the music. After twice marching around
the floor Marshal Brainard led the long
.column out of the exchange and the
march waa begun down Beaver street.
The paraders were greeted with cheera
from all the buildings along the line of
march and from the crowds that thronged
the sidewalks. When passing the Cotton
Exchange tho cotton brokers rushed out.
giving cheer after cheer, and then formed
In line after the produce brokers. The
march was continued down Beaver street
Into Pearl street and along Pearl street to
Wall street.
The cheering in Wall street waa the fea
ture of the demonstration. From the win
dows in every building cheers were given
that lasted until the column turned Into
Broad street. When opposite the Cus
tom-house the Custom-house brokers,
after giving a rousing cheer, formed In
line behind the cotton brokers.
The parade continued down Broad street
to Exchange place, thence to New street
and again into Wall. The column was
then turned Into Broad street and the
march Into the Stock Exchange began.
Wild, tumultuous scenes reigned for sev
eral minutes on the Stock Exchange floor.
Many of the Stock Exchange members
formed In line and' marched with the ex
cited brokers up Nassau street to Maiden
Lane. A warm reception was accorded
them on Broadway, where tho parade was
partially disbanded. The Produce Ex
change members marched again into their
exchange and another outburst of the
approval of the election ot McKlnley oc
curred.
After a short address by Marshal Braln
ard the demonstration was terminated
amid a dense roar of rhe*>rlns.
March 1 Through; the City's Business Streets
Cheering for Victorious Republican
Candidates.
LONG PROCESSION OF
NEW YORK BROKERS
Amateur Contests.
The Bay City Athletic Club will hold its
regular monthly entertainment this even
ing at Palo Alto Hall, R20 O'Farrell street.
Eight four-round; bouts will be the pro
gramme and the contestants are. all well
matched. Much interest is centered in
the Attell match. The word has gune out
that, Attell will meet a surprise and,pos
sibly his Waterloo."
Price of Bread Raised.
The Journeyman Bakers and Confec
tioners met yesterday afternoon and de
cided, not to work more than six. days a
week and not more than ten hours a day
for five days and thirteen hours on the
sixth day; that their day of rest Bhall be
Saturday for the bakers and Sunday for»
the confectioners;' that there must be an
intermission of not less than ' thirty-five
hours between the end of one week and
the beginning of the next. These de
mands were . embodied in a resolution
which was adopted amid cheers. In order
.to meet the demands of«the members of
the union $he Master Bakers Intend to
raise the price of ' bread to five cents a
loaf, where formerly three , loaves could
be bought for ten cents.
SELECTING EXHIBITS
FOR PACIFIC MUSEUM
Director Goodwin Making Ready to
. 'Visit Philadelphia Upon Mis
sion of Importance.
Director Eugene Goodwin of the Pacific
Commercial Museum will soon gb to Phil
adelphia to look over the duplicate ex
hibits which Director Wilson of the Phil
adelphia Commercial Museum has offered
to supply to the Pacific institution and
to make a selection of such as are of es
pecial value to the business men and
manufacturers of the coast. When the
choice has been made an estimate con
cerning the space that will be needed for
the opening of the museum in this city
can be furnished. Thv» purpose Is to start
in. a modest way and to expand as-cir
cumstances warrant. When once it is
known how much room Is needed the se
lection of proper quarters wil. be mad'
easier. Prior to Director's Goodwin's trip
to Philadelphia a meeting will take place
in the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, to
which all the resident Consular represen
tatives of foreign countries will be in
vited. This meeting will be held on the
15th inst. r . .
AXTEB-ATIONS MUST BE
MADE IN ALL THEATERS
Board of Public Works and Fire War
- dens Set Time I/imit on Compli
ance With Ordinance.
The Board of Public Works and the
Fire Wardens held a joint meeting yester
day for the purpose of taking action re
garding the alterations required in the
various local theaters to insure the safety
of the audiences In case of fire. Besides
Commissioners Mendell and Manson there
were present Chief Engineer Sullivan, As
sistant Chiefs Dougherty, Shaughnessy
and Fernandez, District Engineer Conlan
and Fire Marshal Towe.
It was decided at the meeting that the
managers of the theaters must make all
the alterations heretofore ordered by the
Hoard of Public Works. The Tivoli was
given three months' time In which to com
ply with the orders; Moroeco's forty-five
duys; the Orpheum forty-nve days; the-
Alcazar forty-five days; the Columbia
sixty days. The Alhambra must make re
quired changes at once, j On the advice of
the Fire Wardens the Tivoli, Mbrosco'a
and the Orpheum must construct fire es
capes and stand pipes, and the fireproof
partition in Morosco's must be built by
March 15, 1901. On the same date the Al
cazar must be provided with a fireproof
proscenium wall.
It was agreed that unless the Alta The
ater meets all requirements its certificate
will not be reissued upon Its expiration.
Commissioner Manson and Engineer Con-
Ion will Inspect the theater this morning.
LANDLADIES ARRAYED
AGAINST MRS. SAUNDERS
Two More Warrants Waiting to Be
Served Upon Her in Court
To-Day.
The case of Mrs. Helen Saundera,
charged with defrauding Mrs. LJzzie
Kearns of 1409 Leayenworth street out of
$40 for board and lodging for herself and
daughter will b« called again In Judge
Conlan's court this morning, when the de
fendant will produce witnesses from San
Rafael to testify as to her character. The
prosecution will also produce other land
ladies whom she is accused of ..aving de
frauded.
I Besides the warrant sworn out for her
arrest Saturday by Miss Bessie Still. 'M
Geary street- which has not yet been
Served upon her, C. E. Stone, Powell and
Sacramento streets, swore to a complaint
yesterday charging Mrs. Saunders with
defrauding his mother out of $10. At M133
Still's she was known as Mrs. Anderson
and at Stone's as Mrs. Wetmore. These
warrants will be served upon her when
she appears In court this morning.
DR. WHEELER TALKS TO
BRITISH AMERICANS
Bays British Empire Is the Strongest
Organization the World Has
Ever Known.
Thp r*>pu!nr monthly meeting of the
Br'tish-Am.">rican I'nion w.-ls hf-ld last
DlCht in the Academy of Scipn^^s Hall.
vhlrh was crowde<l with an enthusiastic
end appreciative audience. After an In
strumental .«ol<> by Miss llahol Kelly.
Pi fUlflil William <3rp«»r Harrison intro
duci-d the prtnctpal speaker of the even
ing. Dr. BenJ&mln Ido Wheelpr. president
of the University of California. Dr.
Wheeler t r ave .1 hiphly interf-.stinif ad
drt-ps. in -Rhich he said that, while h«* ad
miref: arid apprfriau-F the grreat work of
Germany and of Kussia in the world and
r« gard.s both as important civilizing
forces, he still firmly believes the Hrittsh
Eiyipire to be th»- nv/st pow«>rlul orpaniza
tinn history has ever known. He further
stated thai the id«>al« of Great Britain
and America are e??«-ntially the fame, de
f;>ile many apjiarrut' diff<'rences. Dr.
\VbeeSer was ch»-ered by the audience.
After a short epeech by Dr. Frederick
AV. d'Evelyn and a recess for the pur
l«ope of pipniner the roll. Miss Minnie Jud
pon gang the "Dance of the Dragon Fly."
Then Professor H. R. Fairolough of Stan
ford University, Dr. H. Dlfrby Johnston
er.d \V. S. Nicholson addressed the meet-
Inp. A so!ig by Mr. Callendcr wae the
dosing event.
the Kennedy Case.
The TTK'ml-^rs of xhf Beard of Fire Com
xnlFFioncr? must Fhow oause next Saturday
before Jv.dgi* Hebbaxd why they phomd
rot bo pnnlsbed for contempt of court for
JiivlTiiy disolx»yed injunctions June
6 and October 20, re.*;ra:nirs them from
cnmr'loTir.p an alleged contract for shoeing
the horses of the local Fire I epartm»*nt
entered into with John O'Rourke. The
order to fhnw cause was on Judge Ileb
bard*a calendar ye«erday, but was ron
tlr.i:ed until the dny named, ("ommlpplon
ers Ilecht. Watt, Gr-idy and McKln6try
w-'re in court wh^n the case was called,
but Vffp civen f jrtlx-r time to prepare
» ''ir defense. .
The ordrr to BQOW cause was Issued on
an affidavit preFf-nted by Attorney Her
b-rt Choynskl. counsel for J. F. Kennedy,
upon whose complaint the fulfillment ot
the O'Rourk* contract was enjoined.
Choyr.fkl !n his affidavit alleges that the
inemhors cf the board have willfully. d»
libfr.it*'!>' and i-ontumaolous!y violated
ar.d diFrecardcd the injunction for the
purpose' of nidinp and ab»>ttlnsr O'Rourke
in the continuance of the work of shoeing
department horse?.
FIRE COMMISSIONERS
CITED FOB CONTEMPT
Must Explain Their Reason for Dls
obpyinc: Injunction Issued in
Marcarct 1^. \V!lli.-im5 ha.« bp*>n granted
a divorce from William P. Williams on th«
prourd cf f-xtrr-m» cruelty. Minnie Patrick
has be^n prantcd a divorce from Benja ¦
min II. Patrick on tbo pround of willful
r.fplf-rt. SuitR for divorce have been filed
by Sadie A. Ne'.son Unhurt Frank A. Xel-
Fon fur cruelty and Julius Henze against
Nellie- Her.se for desertion.
In tho Eivorce Court.
JUDGES OF SUPERIOR COURT.
Thomas F. Graham 23.743
Iw.vls L^uderback I..O08
I>. J. Murphy 20.«<T
M. C. Slofs 27.12*
.Tames V. Coffey 81.^34
Stephen V. CoMello 22.3M
William R. I>atngerfleM r- 23.RS.
William .P. Ijiwlor \ 2S.S7!
Robert Thompson *W
Scctt Anderson '•*¦"•>
J. A. Anthony ....' h*o*
\Y. C. Sh'pard ....;...,.... I.il6
John C. Wesley :-.. I.WJ
Georfte II. Bahtu , 1S.4*>2
.JUDGE OF SUPERIOR COURT.
(Unexpired Term.) ;v
Frank H. Kerrlpan nft.fiPT
Ga'.llard Stoney 15.178
Edward O. Hall l.«w«
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.
John R. r>anlel« 2G.«0i
Thomae F. Dunn 32. bM
G. C. Groezinger 23.7s. r .
II. U, Joachimi-en 2S.2^
Pe-ry V. Ixinir I7.8W
T. I. Flt«.atrick 24.V.-6
James K. Murphy 1S.90J
Daniel S. OBrien 19,427
Jppoph T. O'Connor 23.132
John Proeelc 15.6C.4
Milton A. nennan 1.S3."
.lames E. Davles 2/ 1 *)
George W. lletzser 2.1CS
N. J. B. fechult* 2.0%l
Her.ry Warnerke Jr 1.9:<3
G. W. F. Cook 1,423
CONGRESSMEN.
Fourth District.
Jullut Kahn 16.SS6
Porter A»he ll.OT
Jcteph Rovrell H
O. B. lJenham SJ1
C. C ODonnell 1,164
Fifth District.
Eutrene F. Loud 15,237
J H. Henn- 10.K8
Fred E. Oaton Ill
("emeron H. KlnK Pr "IS
ASSEMBLYMEN.
TWEXTT-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
E. T. Lacy. D 1.049
C. R. Franklin, R 1.071
O. Hatch. S. D 114
TWEXTY-NINTH DISTRICT 1 .
J F. Colllnn. R 1.3«7
T. J. Horan, D 1.298
I'oter Parson. S. D 1S1
THIRTIETH DISTRICT.
O J. McLauphlln. D 1,376
M. MrBride, R 976
S. Rothenstein. S. D 136
fi. R. Brings. Pro 20
THIRTT-FIRBT DISTRICT.
J. J. Hourigan. R 1.506
J. D. Kulllvan, D 1,22^
A. J. Oliver. B. D 149
THIRTT-SECOND DISTRICT.
W. J. EAatt, R 1.114
C. M. Troppman. D 1,040
A L.. Casavaw. Pro 11
Hugo I»tzln. B. D l>5
THIRTT-THIRD DISTRICT.
John Butler. R 1.617
J. X. Strand. D 1,425
J. Rarduhn. S. D 223
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
F. D. Knight. R 1.95S
W. I). Hynes, D 1,815
Max Sehwlnd. S. D 112
C. E. FlFher. C. R SO
J. G. Ijevensaler, Pro 20
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
K. F. Treadwe'il, R 1,700
J. A. Zollver. D i,or>3
N. V. HanBon. S. D 124
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
W. .J. Guilfoyle. R 2 481
J. H. McCormick. D 154-,
C. E. Williams. Pro 55
W. Senner, S. I) 200
THIRTY-SEVENTH DISTRICT.
Arthur G. Fisk. R 2941
A. McCulloch. D i,5fi3
N. C. Anderson. S. D gg
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
Bert Schlesinger, D 2,07»
R. W. Robert*. R 1,784
Leor. Deville. 8. D \... g 4
THIRTY-NDXTH DISTRICT. *
F. D. MacBeth, R... 2 179
W. T. Mcaain, D 1,611
A. G. Swanson, S. D 120
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
H. A. Bauer, R 2,401
8. P. Ella*. D 1,451
A. N. Turner. Pro 15
C. O. Wilson, S. D 7j
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
Oscar Sutro, D 2.198
H. C t Dibble, R i,«i 3
U. C. Plstolesl. Ind 198
J. Krooger, 5 s . D gj
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
tl A. Henry, R :. 139^
W. D. Wasron, D \2&H
A. Ksjstner, S. D.. ' $?
M. Ikr.nann. Ind. ins
A. Merrill. Pro...: j 7
W. J. O'Connor, Ind....y 52
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
M. W. Brady. R... '. i,ux
Eu*tac* Cultinan. D 635
J. D. Hart. Citizens' R. 685
Charles Sehinkel. S. D C5
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT. -
A. A. Cavasnaro, D 1.37S
A. Campbell. R 1,033
B. W. Thurrnan. S. D 71
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
n. C. Brown. R 817
YV. H. (lately. D 66*
II. OSroner. S. I> 73
Twelfth Precinct of the Forty-fifth District
not in this total. Will not change result.
SENATORS.
BEVKNTKENTH DISTRICT.
Joseph M. Plunkett, D 2.657
J. E. Flynn. It 2,155
T. iZ. Zandt. H. D 269
H. H. I,upe, Pro... 8*
NINETEENTH DISTRICT.
R J. -Welch. R. S.S«
T. E. Curran, D... 2.023
V. N. Ilayir.an. S. D * f '3
A. T. IJinz, Pro . 40
• , TWEXTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
"E. I. Wolfe, It «.459
W. K. White, J) 8.172
H. G. 1'endleton, Pro ?8
\V. Ktiltz. S. D Hd
II. W. l'hilbrook. Ind 872
TWENTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
J. O. Tyrrell, R 8.697
I L. H. Wanl, D 2.8*5
I W. A. Wheaton. Pro M
\V. E. Walker. B. D *72
TWENTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
J. H. N'lson, R 2.0*1
J. J. OConnell, D 1.934.
W. .1. H. llarnes. Pro 28
J. Mfssor. 8. I) 129
Twelfth Precinct of Forty-fifth District not
In this total. Will not chanire result.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS
For Amendment No. 1 29,485
Against Amendment No. 1 2.130
For Amendment No. 2 32. $76
Against Amendment No. 2 12.461
For Amendment No. i 30.407
Apnlr.st Amendment No. I..Y. 10,180
For Amendment No. 4 . J3.933
Apalnst Amendment No. 4 13.890
For Amendment No. 6 81.949
Against Amendment No. 5 6,909
For Amendment No. 6 17,270
Aealnn Amendment No. t 16,6^6
For Amendment No. 7 82.0S7
Against Amendment No. 7 8,412
For Amendment No. 8 IS, 282
Against Amendment No. R .15,376
POOLROOM ORDINANCE.
For • 22.419
Against 25.347
Continued from First Page.
SAN FRANCISCO'S GIFT OF VOTES.
RHYS THOMAS COMING
WITH DANIELS' "AMEER"
Next Week Collamarini Is to Appear
in "Mignon"— Other Notes
of the Theaters.
To-nlEht a change of bill will be made
at the Columbia Theater, Stuart Robson
and his supporting company to appear in
"She Stoops to Conquer." for the re
mainder, of the, week. Including Sunday.
On Monday next Frank Daniels and his
large comic opera company will be heard
in "The Ameer," Victor Herbert's latest
success. Included in Mr. Daniels' com
pany are Helen Redmond, Kate Vart,
Norma Kopp. William Corless, Owen
Westford, Will Danford and Rhys
Thomas— formerly so well known and
liked in San Francisco.
"The Ameer" is said to equal, if not sur
pass. Its author's famous operas. The
Wizard of the Nile" and "The Idols
Eye." The sale of seats begins to-day.
• » *
To-night at the Tivoli Opera-house
"Carmen" will be the bill, also Sat
urday matinee and Sunday evening.
"Trovatore" will be given on Friday and
Saturday nights.
Next week Collamarini will appear as
"Mlgnon." said to be the charming sing
er's .favorite role, and for the rest of the
last week of this most successful season,
"Ernanl" and "The Masked Ball" will bo
revived.
"whose Baby Are Tour* is in its last
performances at the California Theater.
The Royal Marine Uhnd of Italy, com
posed of fifty-five instrumentalists, the
majority of whom are soloists, will open
on Sunday afternoon.
• .* *
In spite of election excitement, "Lost
Paradise" has been playing to good
houses at the Alcazar Theater this week.
"His Absent Boy" will be next week's
bill. Harry Brahman, for the last six
years with William Crane as comedian,
will appear at the Alcazar in the same
capacity.
The last performances of "The King of
the Opium Ring" are now being given at
the Alhambra Theater. The delightful
Oriental absurdity will be followed by
"The Young Wife," given by Frank Tan
nerhill Jr. and his own company, direct
from the Fourteenth-street Theater,. New
York.
• • •
The Orpheum has a good collection of
specialties this week. The wonderful
"talking dogs" of Prelle, the Dunham
family, Jessie Couthoul, Maggie Moore,
the great Hibernian, Nora Boyes, Dolan
and I^enharr and Howard and Bland are
among the attractions.
• • •
The bill at Fischer's Concert House Is
now pleasantly reminiscent of the old
Lambardl quartet days. Pio Facet, Sylvia
Puerarl, Cesare Allesandronl. Antonio
Vargas, Adelbert and Adelaide Frank,
Frank and Cella Morris and Claire Fex
are on the list of entertainers.
• • •
Professor Hunt's --"Dog Circus and the
Congo family, besides the usual,vaude
ville entertainment, are on tho week's
menu at the Chutes and Zoo.
• • •
Enid Brandt will give recitals Thursday
and Saturday afternoons at 3:15 at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s Hall.
BOTTLE AMD MESSAGE
WASHED UP BY THE SEA
Note Thrown Overboard Several
Hcnths Ago Finds the
Writer.
A bottle was found on the hearh ahout
erven miles above Reggie River in Oregon
recently by C. I... Wakeman. The bottle
contained the fniloTvinf? raossage written
In Iran pencil: "fSOO reward to any or.e
¦who will bring this hottlr to 1714 Harrison
street Pan Fran.lFco. JOSEPH SHA
KER."
Wakernsn <ipHd«»d that the message
might be of proat Importance to Pome one
in this fity an-i accordingly s?nt the note
by mail to the* editor of Th* Call, with
the recoest that the nfffagf should be
delivered at the a<1dr<*s? mentioned.
Yesterday a Call reporter found Fhafer.
the man who vrrote the rote. He is a
laborer ard lives at 22 Harriet street.
Early last April he do«-i<iod that he would
¦tr-ke a trip to Seattle an<! endeavor to
Improve his= position up north. He was
et that time living with his wife at 1714
Harrison s;rf<n. In hip outfit on the
Bteataer was :i Vottle of whisky and the
third day «njt he deoidci he would test
the ronit-nts. arxl wiih the finish of the
bottle enme a fleaire to write home. So
he wrote the note and placing it in the
rmpty wbifky bottl«» threw it ovrrboard.
He returne<1 to thi« city in July, and when
corfrnntcil with hip missive yesterday
Identified his handwriting and explained
the message and his peculiar manner of
correspondence. ¦>
Receivership Was the Most Import
ant in the Long List of Ameri
can Railway Bank
ruptcies.
FT. PAUL. Minn.. ?>'ov. 7.— Waiter H.
Banborn, United FtMcs circuit JuJrp.
made an order to-day approving thf final
report of the raccessftry receivers of the
Union Pacific Railway and finally <iis
tharfrirp them.
Tl:*> receivership which has been thua
closed was on account of It? complica
tions, fxtr-nt and intoro«=ts lnvoiv»><5 th<»
most Important In the preat list of Amer
ican railway bankruptcies. Whm it was
commenced; October U. I 1 *.", the Tnion
Pacific sjs-tem included £1K3 mil^ of r«il
lines owned or leased and operated, rep
rt-sfntinp a capitalization of slork and
l.ond« of 1(70.004.000. Aft«>r Judgf Sanborn
assumed control of this case early in 1834
the receivers hardled without loss, under
his orders, moneys arr.nuntlnR to fiOfjuOO.
000. Thp <<laini ot the United States on
the X'nion J'at-itio proper of ESSjMM/MQ prin
ci3»al and accrued interest was paid in full
rrd unsecured creditor* wore paid from
various scarce* ab:>ut 4"> per cent of their
claims, r.n amount larK<-ly in excess of
their rxp<H-:al*on!=. The administration of
this receivership by the court has been
unusually racofSsfuL,
Judge Sanborn Issues an
Order Discharging
Them.
UNION PACIFIC
RECEIVERS OUT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1900.
THE OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR WAS THE SCENE YESTERDAY OF IN
CESSANT EXCITEMENT AS THE FINAL RETURNS OF THE LOCAL
ELECTION WERE MADE. r. *•"
4
S. F.. December 4. 1S99.— Dr. Wony Him. 113-
117 Mason «t. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For th«
benefit of ethers I wish to make a statement of
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
ing with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. W0113
HJm and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I am now well and
strong. Youm. respectfullyy.
MRS. BARLOW, 1027 Mission St.. 8. F.
PfNOLB. June 23. 1S99.— I tak© this means of
expressing my thanTts to Dr. Wong Him. 115-
117 Mason street. San Francisco, for having
cured me. of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I was a Rreat sufferer for 13
years and found no iwmanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wons Him and in six months' tlms
he has cured me. Any person wishing m« to
certify this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BETZ.
Pinole, Contra Costa County, CaL
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct.
£&$j£iS& '• WW.— To whom It may
K^*W conctrn: This U to crrtlfy
W'SJ TO that DR. WONG HIM of
J 115-117 Mason street, San
m/A^l I Francisco, has cured ma
SbtfSj J ct kidney trouble and
•Sr~ " / rheumatism and I am
-^-¦¦_, happy to make this stat»-
Jgsnt**/^!^ Jfi^s^ mfnt, as 1 fln'J th"> Doctor
T*r*5f'fcrtKHUl'^» strictly honest In every
*aSTSf!IKlI«3»» ipnas of the word and an
"nnun^au. honorahle man In alt his
deallnss. DR. C. A. OAT. Dentist. 902 Second
are.. Seattle. Wash.
TO THE FUBUC!
Jt^SSafr&t If BIsr P l * • Bon-poiienotn
tfjgtwS^ w Tu£m remedy for Gonorrhoea.
(;J ept . Spermatoirha-a,
JB&W la l io5<J»rs.'W Whites, unnatural d!j-
att IT OunstKl ij charcp*. or any lntl»ramr»-
¦t*>jf B*t u •trMt«r*. tlon, irritatioa or ulcer*-
!¦ %rnn*u conitgioii. tioa of mncon* meta-
KTlrH£E»»«*3CHEWiCuCo. branes. Non-n.<trJn??nt.
W|Ac:ii:ii<<lTl.a.BSa Sold *>* Drnechts,
• C 8.A. 2a ! r * rut ia pUIn w r»PP»r,
M Circular seat oa r»au<s«.
330 MARKET ST. SJ.
% , 6 patents1 1
DEWEY.STRONG&CO.
AIIIII £\ Leflln t Band tVaterprro:
3 IB 9KI& 1 Smokeless Ponder, la bU*
1.1 I K%M and loaded In shells. S-nd
UWIlW 0 -.^ 8HREVB «
' .^CGiSively cn«wl by tlieso
. Xdttle Pills.
xhcj six> rtJIeve Distress from Dyspcps&i
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-.
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tongnt
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. Tley
Regulate the Bawds. . Purely Vegetable, t
Smatt Pin* Small Dose*
v Small Price,'
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
603 California St.. CSanle bnUdta*.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
Jr WII R C(\ 9o ° Battery -Street.
•V- nlLOlhl S WU-, Telephone Main ISM.
. COPPERSMITH.
f W Ehl » Plmabln*. Steamboat aad
U- n- 33111 U. Bhlp WoTk a specialty. U and
18 Washington st. Telephone Main M4L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAC ROYF^ £ frt ShiPPlnc; Butchen. 104
JA5- DUIC3 tt WU- day. Tel Ma la, 1234.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS. *
Electrical Engineer. 39 Cast st.
OALVANIZINO AND METALS,
M*f*. A Dealer la Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. «4 Howard st. ;
METAL.
Extra Mnotjpe and stereotype metaL Pac'.fis
Metal Works. 1S7-S First St.. San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3.
418 Front st.. S. F. Phon» Main 171J.
PAINTS.
Cyltnaer * Imbricating ; Oils. Schneider's Mining
CandUs. C O. CLINCH & CO.. » Front. S. F.
PR1NTINO.
EG HUGHES, mSSSSfc. s. f.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE H1CKS-JUDD CO..
» Plrat at.. Saa Franrtsoo.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
PARTRIDGE "•««»?—
1146 MARKET STREET.
J O'BRIEN&CO 1
\J 1 \J UllllJll wvvi
SUITS MADE TO ORDER.
PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED.
STRICTLY ONE PRICE HOUSE.
LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, value for $3; will (Si Qr
be placed on sale at U ll D v
LADIES' COLORED EMBROIDERED Art qa
CAPES, value for $4.50; will be sold at J. . ., Jj£ B JJ jj
LADIES' TAN CLOTH EMBROIDERED Aft pa
CAPES, value for $5.00; will be sold at U Jl OU
LADIES' COLORED FANCY WOOL A 1 rft
WAISTS, value for $6.00; will be sold at. . OTj U U
LADIES' SEVEN-GORE SKIRT, flounce effect, hand-
somely embroidered, value for $7.50; will be Al flO
sold at/. .\ ........... .. ... .... 04iUU
LADIES' BLACK, BLUE AND CASTOR
JACKETS, extra value for $7.50; will be AP flfi
sold at ......: ouiUU
UiU OoIJullQyOwi
WILL PLACE ON SALE THIS DAY
© © @ 1m m ® @ ©
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
1900.
Tliis is the highest award
obtainable for anything.
Pears' Soap has obtained
21 International awards.
Exhibition,
awarded solely for toilet
soap at the
Paris
obtained the only
Grand Prize
WfllK ASH STE1M COIL, as^gr
ADVEHTISElttENTS.. The cause for the present Chinese entangle
ments is not religious differences, but the abuse
of the Chinese Immigrants by the foreign pow
ers. Another Rreat revolution '. comes from the
abuse of the stomach. I Overtaxed digestion pro
duces constipation, Indigestion, ' dyspepsia and
flatulency. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters Is the
best medicine to take. It will restore a healthy
tone • to • the entire system, and thua prevent
nervousness. sleeplessness or despondency.
Don't fall to give It a trial.
The Chinese Situation.
Urges Payment of Claims.
TANGIERS, Nov. 7.— United States Con
sul General Gunnere is understood to
have made further strong 1 representations
to the Government officials, urging the im
mediate payment of the American claims.
It is also again reported that an Ameri
can, cruiser la to be sent to enforce the
demand.
Divorce for Marchioness of Anglesey.
LONDON. Nov. 7.— The Marchioness of
Anglesey has been granted a divorce from
her husband, who Is head of : the Paget
family. The case was heard ln camera.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— Sir George Henry
Bowyer, Bart., has been granted a divorce
on the ground of his wife's infidelity.
Carey Johnstone was named as core
spondent. Sir George Bowyer lost sight
of his wife soon after they were married.
Later she wrote to him from San Fran
cisco.
The wife of the nobleman who has suc
ceeded in freeing himself from the bonds
of matrimony was a Miss Elve Acklom of
California. Carey Johnstone is a young
Englishman, who visited San Francisco
last June. He was en route to Cape Nome
when Sir George entered the suit for di
vorce but a cablegram from the lady
caused him to change his plans and he
announced his intention of returning to
England. ¦ .
Foreigners must Register.
GIBRALTAR, Nov. 7.— An order in
council empowering the Governor to expel
any person from Gibraltar whom the
Judges thought undesirable has been pro
mulgated. British and other resident?
not employed ln her Majesty's service are
required to register at the police offices
and must take out permits.
His "Wife, Whose Friendship for
Carey Johnstone Caused the Trou
ble, Was a Californian.
SIR GEORGE BOWYER
IS GRANTED A DIVORCE
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— A Journal's spe
cial from Vienna says: King Alexandria
of Servia has announced his intention of
divorcing Queen Draga. whom he married
three months ago. He is tired of his wife
and seeks the freedom of his bachelor
days. Draga Is prostrated.
Dividend Declared.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— The Directors of
the Standard Oil Company have declared
a dividend of 19 per cent payable to stock
holders of record November 15. This
makes 48 per cent ln dividends paid out
by the Standard Oil Company this year.
KING ALEXANDRIA
NOW SEEKS A DIVORCE
GERMANY IS
WELL SATISFIED
Result of American Election
Well Received In
the Empire.
BERLIN, Nov. 7.— German Government
circles are all delighted at President Mc-
Kinley's re-election. The United States
Ejnbarsy to-day received a number of
expressions of that. kind.
Generally 3peaking, the German public
is taking much greater Interest In the
American election than heretofore. Ev
erybody is discussing the results. Dr. von
Holleben, the German Embassador to the
United States, who is now In this city,
said: "We all rejoice over it."
Barth. the Frelslnnige leader, said: "I
regard Mr McKinley's election, all things
considered, as the best result, although
I cannot indorse his imperialistic tenden
cies, yet I regard his election as more
conducive to the interests of general civ
ilization, when compared with the result!
which Mr. Bryan's election would have
brought. For the economic interests of
both the United States and Germany the
present result is also more satisfactory.
The Tageblatt says: "The Germans
greet Mr. McKinley's election above all
as a victory for sound currency over rev
olutionary money experiments which
would have been calculated to most se
verely shake the basis of the entire
world's commerce. Anyhow, Germany's
policy is to nurse close and loyal rela
tions with the head of a country which la
connected with us by so many economic
and national ties as 1b the United States.
"For that reason, too, the Emperor has
repeatedly made approaches to President
McKinley and the latter has, especially
recently, responded cordially. There is ln
ro part of the world serious differences
between th6 United States and Grmany.
In China both powers have marched on the
same lines after McKinley's first feeling
of distrust regarding Germany's alleged
territorial schemes subsided. We hope
that during his forthcoming administra
tion all political questions will be solved
between the two countries In the same
spirit of fairness and mutual confidence.
Above all. we hope that the question of a
commercial treaty will be solved."
The Vossische Zeitung says:
"Germany can only rejoice at the furth
er strengthening and solidification of the
economic conditions In the United States.
No State can escape the inconvenience of
having competitors in the world's market.
That must be reckoned with, and we must
put forth all our strength in peaceful
competition. But not only for North
American Industrial interests' Is Mr. Mc-
Kinley's re-election of great Importance,
but also for the entire commerce of the
world which is vitally interested ln a se
cure gold currency ln-the United States.
For these and a number of other reasons
the result of the election may be consid
ered the smaller one of two evils."
The Post says: "The result is greeted
with tatlBfaction and sympathy in Ger
many, for the re-elected President has
won the confidence of our Government
and our diplomacy during his term by his
constant efforts to maintain good rela
tions'- between Germany and the United
State*. In the midst of popular passion
the President preserved a cool head and
turned aside rude hands which tried to
force him • Into an anti-German policy.
Mr. McKinley's victory means a continu
ance of the present pleasant relations be
tween Germany and the United States,
and we hope that the tariff negotiations
between them will also have at least as
good a mutual result." • ¦• ¦
SHANGHAI, Nov. 7.— It is reported that
the Empress Dowager, alarmed at the
news that the allies intended to Invade the
province of Honan. has ordered the south
ern armies to march promptly to guard
the passes on the frontiers.
WASHINGTON. Nov.* 7.— Minister Wu
called at the State Department to-day
and talked with Secretary Hay for half
an hour about the proceedings of the for
eign Ministers at Peking. The depart
ment takes the ground that while the
Ministers themselves are trying to get to
pettier on common ground to present a
General Richardson burned two villages,
the places where Messrs. Robinson and
Norman, the missionaries, were murered,
end demanded that tho city of Yang
ching should pay 40,000 taels as compensa
tion to the families of the victims. The
payment was guaranteed.
Three other villages were burned near
Sang Far.g. November 4.
A British column under General Rich
ardson left Paotlng October 2S. marching
In the direction of Peking. At Tungming
the troops tried three chiefs of Boxer
bands which destroyed a chapel and killed
native Christians. The British shot the
chiefs.
TAKL*. Nov. 7.— On October 30 General
Richardson met 500 imperial troops com
manded by General Fan. Both sides aJ
vancrd for a parley, but owing to an un
fortunate misunderstanding an Indian
trumpeter phot and killed General Fan.
The trumpeter was arrested and the Inci
dent was explained to the Chinese, the
two forces then proceeding by different
routes.
"The Novoe Vremya. ' Fays the St. Pe
tersburg correspondent of the Daily Ex
press, wiring bf-fore the re-election of Mc-
Kir.ley was known at the Russian capital,
"announces with official sanction that an
tjr.fierstatidirig has been reached between
Russia. France and the United States and
Japan, by way of counterpoise to the An
pio-Grrman agreement, adding that tlie
results will become specifically apparent
if President McKinl*»y is re-elected."
"At Tingling the Chinese attempted to
fteal powder and caused an explosion.
Two soldiers and three camp followers
¦were injured. A large number of Chinese
•were killed or wounded, owing to their
¦wadded coats catching fire."
LONDON, Nov. 7.— The following: dis
patch from Major General Lome Camp
bell has been received by the Secretary of
State for India:
ROME. Nov. 7.— The Peking correspond
ent of the Tribune, wiring November 3,
says: "News from a private source, com
ing direct from the province of Shensi.
where the Chinese court took refuge, says
that Emperor Kwar.5 Su is about to re
turn to Peking via Houan."
The French have arrested Chung LJ,
president of the Board of Revenue, near
Peking.
TIENTSIN, Nov. 6. — General Lome
Campbell's column has returned to Tien
tsin, having burned and shelled altogether
twenty-six villages. He found the coun
try in general ostentatiously friendly.
The Russians sent two columns from
Lulai to Yangtsu on Sunday.
Ting Yung. Acting Viceroy of Chill; the
Tartar general. Kwel Heng, and Colonel
Wagnhau Me were shot at Faoting-Fu by
order of the court-martial.
Return of General Lome Campbell's
Column to Tientsin.
BTJBNEB MANY VILLAGES.
"The other day I received a telegram
from Cheng, Governor of Shensi. inform
ing me that Yu Hsien had committed sui
cide by swallowing gold leaf, which news
I wired to you. I have now received an
other telegTam from Governor Cheng,
stating that he has not yet received con
firmation of Yu's death and he fears It is
not reliable. I have, however, learned
that Yu Hslen has left Shansl and that
the Governor of Shansi, Hsl Liang, is
taking the responsibility of suppressing
all rioters. Please convey the at>ove to
the honorable Secretary of State."
This subject promises to lead to ener
getic remonstrances from the Chinese
Government. Minister Wu handed to Sec
retary Hay the following cablegram,
dated November 6, 1900, from Viceroy
Chang Chin Tung, received by Minister
Wu on the morning of November 7:
Minister Wu was concerned at the sit
uation at Paoting-Fu. where the Germans
seem to have condemned to death certain
high Chinese functionaries.
united front to the Chinese ln the nego
tiations it would be highly Impolitic to
make public any little dissensions or dif
ferences. So all* that can be gathere '
officially is that fair progress is being
made.
OTTAWA, Nov. 7.— The results of to
day's elections shows that tho Govern
ment has been sustained by a majority of
fifty to sixty members on a basis of the
returns received up to midnight. There
remain five constituencies to be heard
from.
To-day's elections were ln 208 out of
the 213 constituencies of the Dominion,
and the remaining live will hold their
elections at later dates. This, of course,
makes it entirely possible that when the
elections are completed and when the la
ter returns are in the apparent majority
may be reduced somewhat.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 7.— British
Columbia has not joined ln the general
approval of the Laurier Government ex
pressed by the eastern provinces of Can
ada ln to-day's election. Six seats ln the
House of Commons aru allotted to British
Columbia and in two of these constituen
cies the election has been deferred for
one month on account of the remoteness
of some of the polling places. Of the four
British Columbia seats contested to-day
two returned Conservatives, one Labor,
with Conservative leanings, and one La
bor, the latter by a narrow majority.
Prior and Earle, opposition, have ma
jorities of 700 and 200 in Victoria. Ralph
Smith. Labor, has a plurality of 700 over
Sloan. Liberal and Wodley, Conservative,
ln Vancouver District, and ln Westmin
ster Auley Morrison. Government, has 00
majority over ex-Governor Dewdney,
with several polling places still to be
heard from. The two remaining constitu
encies are expected to be supporters of the
Government at the deferred election next
month. ¦
Canadian Government Sus
tained in the Recent
Elections.
LAURIER IS
FULLY UPHELD
LEAVENWORTH, Kan., Nov. 7.— The
body of Pearl Forbes, aged 20 years,
was found ln a ravine near her home ln
this city this mornlngr. Marks on her
throat Indicated she had been murdered
by strangulation. The surroundings gave
evidence of a terrible struggle.
Miss Forbes, who was of a good fam
ily, had visited her married sister, a short
distance from the Forbes residence, yes
terday afternoon, starting for her home
at 6 o'clock In the evening. As far as
can be learned, that was the last ever
seen of her alive. There Is no clew to tht
murderer.
Feeling over the affair la intense and a
lynching would doubtless result if the
murderer were captured soon.
Body of Pearl Forbes Found
at the Bottom of a Ra
vine in Kansas.
MURDER OF A
YOUNG WOMAN
General Richardson Burns the Villages Where
Missionaries Robinson and Norman
Were Murdered.
EMPEROR KWANG SU IS
ABOUT TO RETURN TO PEKING
John L. Burnett, D.; William Richardson, D.:
Oscar W. Underwood, D.
Arkansas— Philip D. McCulllch. D.: John 8.
Little, D. ; Thomas C. McRae, D. ; Charles C.
Reid, D.; Hugh A. Dlnsmore, D. ; ¦ Stephen
Brundldse, D.
California— F. L. Coombs. R.: Samuel D.
Woods, R.: Victor H. Metcalf, R.; Julius
Kahn, R.; Eugene F. Loud, R. ; James Mc-
Lachlan. R. : James C. Needham. R,
Colorado— J. F. Shafroth. S. R.; John C-
Bell, P. ...
Connecticut— Stevens Henry. R. : Kehemiah
D. Sperry, R.: Charles A. Russell. R.; Eben
ezer J. Hill, R.
Delaware — L. H. Ball. RJ; Hoffecker.
Florida— Stephen M. Sparkman, D. ; Robert
AA'. Davis, P. „.
Georgia — Rufus E. Lester, D, ; James AN .
Grlsss, D.; Elijah B. I-«wi8, D.; William C.
Adnmson D. ; Leonldas F. Livingston, D. ;
Charles L. Bartlett. D. ; John W. Maddox. D. ;
William M. Howard. D. ; Farlsh Carter Tate,
D • AVilliam II. Fleming. D. ; AV. G. Brant
ley. D. ' * -
Idaho— John T. Morrison. R. '.
Illinois— James R. Mann. R.; George P. Fos
ter D. : James McAndrews, D. : AVilliam P. Ma
hony D. ; Henry S. Boutell. R. ; George E.
Foss,' R.; Albert J. Hopkins, R. ; Robert R.
Hltt, R. ; Georee W. Prince, R.; AA'alter
Reeves, • R. ; Joseph G. Cannon, R. ; Vespasian
AVarner, R. ; Joseph V. Graft, R.; Benjamin F.
Marsh, R. : Thomas Jefferson Selby. * IX : Ben
F. Caldwell. D. ; Thomas M. Jett, D. : Joseph
B. Crowley. D. ; James R. Williams. D. ; AVil
liam A. Rodenberp, R. ; George AA r . Smith,
R.; John J. Feely, D.
Indiana— James A. Hemenway, R.; Robert
AA". Miers. D. ; AVilliam T. Zenor, D. ; Nathan
Powell. R. : E. S. Holliday, R. ; James E. AVat
son. R. ; Jesse Overstreet. R. ; George AA'.
Cromer, R.J Charles B. Landle, R.; Ed D.
Crumpacker, R.J George W. Steele. R. ; James
M. Robinson, D. : Abraham L. Brick. R.
Iowa— Thomas Hedge, R. : J. N. AV. Rumple,
R. ; David B. Henderson, R.; Gilbert N. Hau
een R • Robert G. Cousins, R. ; John F. Lacey,
R. ; John A. T. Hull. R.; AVilliam P. Hep
burn, R.; Walter I. Smith, R.; James P. Con
ner, R.; Lot Thomas, R.
Kansas— Ch.irles F. Scott, R. : Charles Cur
tis R. ; J. D. Bowersock. R. ; George AV. AVheat
ley" R • James M. Miller. R. ; William R.
CaMerhead. It.; AVilliam A. Reeder, R. ; Ches
ter I. Long. H.
Kentucky— Charles K. Wheeler, D.; Henry D.
Allen. 1).: John S. Rhea. D.: D. H. Smith.
D. ; H. S. Irwln. R.: D. Linn Gooch. D. ; South
Trtmble IX; Georee G. Gilbert, D. ; Samuel
J I'ugh R.; J. I*. AVhlte, IX; A'lncent Boreing,
R.
Louisiana— Adolph Meyer, D.: Robert C.
Davey, D. ; Robert F. Bronssard. D. ; • Phanor
P-reazeale. D. ; Joseph E. Ransdell, D. ; Samuel
M. Robertson. D.
Maine (elected ln September)— Amos L. Allen,
R.; Charles E. Llttleneld. R.J Edwin C. Bur
lelch, R. ; Charles A. Boutelle. R.
Maryland— Josiah L. Kerr, R.: William M.
Jackson. R. : A. A. Blakeny. R. ; Frank C.
Wachter R. : Charles R. Schrim. R. ; Sidney E.
Mudd, R. : George A. Pearry. R.
Massachusetts— Gforsp P. I>awr*nce, R.;
Frederick H. Glllett, B.J John R Thayer, I).;
Charles Q. Tirrell, R. : AVilliam S. Knox, R. :
AVilliam H. Moody. R. : Ernest AA'. Ivoberts, IU;
Samuel AV. McCkII. R. : Joseph A. Conry, D. :
Henry F. Xaphen, D. ; Samuel I* Powers, R.;
William C. Lovering, R. ; William S. Greene,
Michigan— John B. Corliss, R.; Henry C.
Smith R. : AVashlnglon Gardner. R. ; Edward
L Hamilton. R. : William Alden Smith. R. ;
Samuel AV. Smith, R. ; Edgar Weeks, R. ; Jo
peph AV. Foidney, R.: Itoswell P. Bishop, R.;
Roseau O. Crump, R. ; A. B. Darragh, R. ;
Charles D. Sheldon, R.
Minnesota— James A. Tawney. R.: James T.
McCleary. R. ; Joel P. Heatwole. R. ; Frede
rick C. Stevens, R-: I-iOren Fletcher, R. ; Page
Morris, R.; Frank M. Eddy, R.
Mississippi— AV. O. Chandler Jr., D. : Thomas
Snieht. D. : Patrick Henry. D. : AndVew F. Fox.
D.; John S. AVilliaras. I>. ; Frank A. McLaln.
I> ' Charles E. Hooker, D.
Missouri-James T. Lloyd, D.; William W.
Rucker ,D.; John Dougherty. D. ; Charles F.
CochrafT D.; AVilliam S. Cowherd. D.: D. A.
d'e Armond. D. ; James Cooney, D. ; Dorsey AV.
Snackleford. D.; Champ Clark. D. : Charles F.
Joy. R.: Edward Robb. D.; AV. D. Vandl^r.
IX; Macenas E. Benton, D.; A. H. Bolte, D.;
James J. Butler, D.
Montana— Caldwell Edwards, p.
Vebrajika— E. J. Burkett. R.: D. H. Mercer.
R • John S. Robinson, D. ; William Neville, P.;
John D. Pope. R.; Wi S. Morlan. R.
Nivada— Francis G. Xev/lands, D.
New Hampshire-Frank D. Currier, R.; Cyrus
A. Sulluwuy.
New Jersey — H?nry C. Loudenslapter. R. : John
J. Gardner, K.; Benjamin F. Howell, R.; Joshua
S. Salmon, D. : Jtimes F. Stewart, R.; Richard
AV. Parker. It: Allen L. ¦.' McDermott, D.;
Charles N. Fowler. U.
New York — John J. iTnzgerald, D. : Frank E.
¦\Vilscn, D. ; Ueorge H. LJndaey, D. ; Nicholas
Muller, D. ;• Thomas J. Creamer, D. ; Henry M.
OoldfoRle. D.< Amos J. CummlnRs. D.; Wil
liam Sulzer, D.; George B. McClellan. D.; O.
H. P. Belmont, D. : Jacob Ruppert Jr., D. ; C.
A. Pingsley, U. ; Arthur S. Tompkins. R. : John
II. Ketcham. It.; William II. Draper, R. ; John
K. Stewart, R. ; Luclen N. LJttauer, R.; Louis
\Y. Emernon, R. ; Albert D. Shaw, R. ; James
S. Sherman, R,; George W. Ray, R,; Michael
E. Drlscoll, R. : Sereno E. Payne, R;; Charles
AV. Gill. R. ; James W. Wadsworth, R.; Jaanea
B. Perkins, R. ; William II. Ryan. IX: D. A. S.
Alexander, R.; Edward B. Vreeland, R. ; Fred
erick Storm, R. : Henry Bristow, R. ; H. W.
Hanbury, R.; William II. Douglas, R.; George
N. Southwlck.R.
North Carolina — John H. Small. D.; Claude
Kitchen, I>. ; Charles R. Thomas. IX ; K. *W.
Pou, D.; William W. Kltchin, D. ; John D.
Bellamy. D. ; Theodore F. Kluttz, D. : Spencer
Blackburn, R. ; James M. Moody, R.
'. North Dakota— Thomas F. Marshall. R.
Ohio— William B. Shattuck, R. ; Jacob H.
Bromwell, R. ; Robert M. Kevin. R. ; Robert B.
Gordon, D. ; John S. Snook, D. ; C Q. Hilde
brand, R.; Thomas B. Kyle; R.; William R.
Warnork, R.; James H. Southard. R. ; Stephen
Morgan, R. : Charles H. Grosvenor, R. : Em
met Tompkins, R. ; James A. Norton. R. ;
Wocd W. Skiles, R.; Henry C. Van Voorhls.
R. ; Joseph J. Gill. R.; John Cassingham. D. ;
Robert \V. Tayler. R.; Charles Dick, R.; Jacob
A. Beidler, R.; Theodore E. Burton. R.
Oregon (elected ln June)— Thomas H. Tongue,
R. ; Malcolm A. Moody, R.
Pennsylvania — Galusha A. Grow, R. Robt. L..
Korderer, R.; Henry H. Blngnam; R. ; Robert
Adams Jr., R.; Henry Burke, R.: James R.
Young, R;; Edward de V. Movill. R. ; Thomas
S. Butler, R. ; Irving P. Wanger, R.; Howard
Mutchler. D. : Henry D. Green. D. : Marriott
Broslus. R. : William Connell, R.: Henry AV.
Palmer. R. : James W. Ryan. IX; Martin E.
Olmstead, R. : Charles F. AV right, R.; Ellas
Doemer, R.; Rufus K. Polk, D. ; Thaddjpus M.
Mahon. R. ; Robert E. Lewis, R.: Alvina Evans,.
R.; Summers M. Jack. R_: John Dalzell. R. :
AA'llllam H. Graham. R.; Ernest F. Acheson,
R-: Joseph B. Khoalwater. R.: A. L. Bates. R. ;
Joseph C. Piblvy. F>.; James K. P. Hill. D.
Rhode Island-Melville Bull. R.; Adln . B.
Capron, R.
• South Carolina— William Elliott. P.; W. Jas
per Talbert. IX ; Asbury C. Latlmer, D. : Jo
seph T. Johnson, D. ; David E. Finley, D. ; R,
U. Scarborough, D. ; J. AVtlllam Stokes. D.
South Dakota— Charles II. Burke, R.; Eben
W. Martin, R.
Tennessee — AValter P. Brownlow, R.; Henry
R. Gibson. R. : John A. Moon. D. : Charles E.
Pnodcrasp. D. ; James D. Richardson. D. : John
AV. Galnes, IX ; N. X. Cox, D. ; Thetus AA*.
Sims. D. ; Rlc« A. Pierce. D.; Mlllard R. Pat
terson, D.
Texas— Thomas H. Ball. D. : Samuel B.
Ccoper, D. : R. C de Graffenreld. D. : John L»
Sheppard. D. ; C. B. Randall, D. ; Robert E.
Burke, IX; Robert I... Henry, D. ; Samuel AV.
T. Lanhan. D. ; Albert S. Burleson. D. ; George
F. Burjcess. D. : Rudolph Kleberg. D. ; James U.
Slayden. IX: John H. Stephens, D.
Utah — George Sutherland. R.
Vermont (elected ln September) — David J.
Foster, ,R. ; Klttrldge Hasklns, R.
Virginia— William A. Jones, D.; Richard A.
Wise, R.: John Lamb, D.; T. Loeb, D.; Claude
A. Swanson, IX ; Peter J. Otey. D. ; James Hay.
D : John F. Rtxey. D. ; William. F. Rhea, D.;
Harry D. Flood. D.
Washington— Wesley I>. Jones, R. ; Francis
W. Cushman, R.
West Virginia— Blackburn B. Dovenor, R.;
Alston G. Dayton, R.; James A. Hughes, R. ;
Joseph H. Gained, R.
AA'lsconsin— Henry A. Cooper. R. ; Herman B.
Dahle, R. ; Joseph AV. Babcock, R. ; Theobald
Qtjen. R. ; Samuel S. Barney, R. ; James H.
Davidson, R. : John J. Esch, R. : Edward S.
Minor. R.; AA'ebster E. Brown. R. ; John J. Jen
kins, R.
Wyoming— Frank W. Mondell. R.; John C.
Thompson, D.
Delegates of Territories:
Arizona— Marcus Smith, D. ; Xathan O. Mur
phy. R.
Oklahoma — Dennis T. Flynn. R.
Among nine Democrats Senator Rawlina
of I'tah is the only one who is likely to
be succeeded by a Republican. The Re
publicans have more than equal chancrs
of winning the seats now held by Senators
Harris (Pop.) of Kansas. Kyle (Ind.) of
South Dakota and Turner iKusionist) of
Washington. Senator Wellington of Mary
land, who was elected as a Republican,
hut who has turned Democrat, will prob
ably be succeeded by a Democrat.
It Is practically certain that for at least
the tlrst half of the administration fol
lowing McKinley's second term the Re
publicans will have a good working ma
jority in the Senate.
The Republican Senators whose terms
expire March 3, 1901, come from Rhodi;
Island. California, Indiana. Michigan,
Wyoming, Minnesota, New York. Wash
ington, Maine. Ohio. Connecticut. N»jw
Jersey. Massachusetts. Maryland. North
Dakota. Vermont. Wisconsin. West Vlr-«
ginia, Pennsvlvania. Delaware and Utah,
if the latter two elect Republicans to till
existing vacancies. In the House tne ma
jority over all is likely to be at leabt
forty-eight. North Carolina sends two
Republican? and there are many gains in
other districts now represented by Dem
ocrats. Secretary Kerr of the Democratic
Congressional Committee places the Re
publican representation at 191 and Demo
cratic at 166. ''
Appended are the members of the next
House as made up from the latest re
turns:
Alabama— George W. Taylor. V>. ; A. A. Wiley.
D.; Henry D. Clayton. D. : Sidney J. R° wl<? . J>- •
C W Thompson, D. ; John II. Banknead. D. .
Of the Republicans whose terms will
expire on that date are Senators Allison
of Iowa, Mulllnger of New Hampshire,
Hansbrough of North Dakota. Penrose of
Pennsylvania. Perkins of California, Platt
of Connecticut. Ross of Vermont, Simon
of Oregon and Spooner of Wisconsin, who
are practically sure of being succeeded by
Republicans. There is very little doubt
that Senators Fairbanks of Indiana, For
aker of Ohio. Mason of Illinois and Platt
of New York will also be succeeded by
Republicans. Senators Deboe of Ken
tucky and Pritchard of North Carollnu
are practically sure to be succeeded by
Democrats.
The Republican majority over all oppo
sition in the next Senate will be not less
than fourteen, and if the Republicans
have carried all the new State Legisla
tures to which they now make claim it
may be as high as twenty.
The terms of thirty Senators will expire
March 3, 1901. Of. these sixteen are Re
publicans, nine Democrats, two are Pop
ulists and one is independent, one fusion
lst and one silver Republican.
Returns from several of the close States
are still indecisive, and ln some instances
the official count may have to be awaited
to determine whether the Republicans or
the opposition will control the Legisla
tures which will elect United States Sena
tors.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8.—Informa
tion received up to 3 o'clock
this morning Indicates In
creased majorities for the Re
publicans In both houses of
Congress. There is no uncertainty re
garding the continued Republican com
plexion of the Senate. In Montana the
fusion forces are. credited with a victory
which will return William A. Clark and
one other Democrat., To offset this • are
the Republican success ln Delaware, Illi
nois, Kansas. New Jersey, South Dakota.
West Virginia, Wyoming and other
States. Nothing short of a veritable Dem
ocratic landslide can deprive the Repub
licans of the control of the Senate before
March 3, 1905, jmd unless there Is an al
most unprecedented political upheaval be
fore that date they are assured to con
trol for at least two years longer.
There Is No Uncertainty Concerning the Continued Repub
- lican Complexion of the National Legislature.
INCREASED MAJORITIES IN
BOTH HOUSES OF CONGRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1900.
5
BAHiBOAD TRAVEL.
NVVTKKK7I PAViriC <«Hr»>T.
(PAC1NC »!ST*M.)
Trains) Iwwvo mb<! nro da* •«» nrrlt* at
MX Kit* *«' !«•««».
(llaiu Lin*. Foot of Market Street)
lbayk — Fbom N'ovimber 7, 1900. — iiun
•7: OIK BeiileU. Hiilsun, Klmir*. TfteailUe,
Rumanj an'1 nser^uuenlo *7<43r
•IiOWa Kbuu Kipruw- D»»is. WlUUms (for
BsxUett Springs). Willows. Bad
Blufl, Fortlaiid. »7:-i3r
*?>3Oa M»nliiei,Sau Utin.m. V*ll#ji>. Nap»,
«'»li«t. g*mulH»ur.ii Rosa *H:l5p
•SiOOa I>»»U. Woodland. KnlghU Landing.
M»ry."li)e. <iri>ti:i». *7s<3p
•*)¦••* AtUuti.- Kx|>ress — Ogden s>nd East *S:t3p
•»iO»A>"H«!i, LlTermora, Tntcj, I^throp,
Stockton «7:13r
••¦SttA H*u .Im*. LlTermore, Htucktou.
Icmo. .H»cr*mputo. PlaerrTlUe.
H.rpiil'.r. Chicn. ltvt UlulT...... "l:l."»r
•ISiSUa Oakdali-. Chinese Honnn. Carters... *-iil»p
•»:•«« Hitjwanls. HUsaaad Way Hutluus. •! I:*5a
•!»:»o.» Los Angelos Eipren — AUrtines.
Traejr. Latlirop. .Stockton, M-rc-d
Xrt-nim ami Lcs Angeles *7:15r
•*:3flt Vn.ll.-j... Martinez aim Way MUtlons - J:ir'f
• IttiOOt The Overland Umlted— Ogdon, Dea-
Ter, Omaha. Chlcmgu ••:45r
¦11:00a NUes, Stockton, Hacnmratn, Men-
dota. Frrsau, llanf.tJ. Vlss.Ua.
T'ortrrtllie M8I»r
•1I:OOa li-rermnre. BkDgar. Goahen Juno
tl..n. Bakerattefd. Los Angeles
tl:OAr Kacrammito ISitor .SlB»ni«» t3:O«A
•:::o«p HsTwanlH. Niks ami Way Buttons. *»il.1r
•ItiMM- M;irtim>!'.. San )''<!in»i. Valle]u,
Na k .a. r»li-i..(!». !Ub|s> Itosa •»•!»»
•liutir Henicia. Wiaten. Hacraiuento.
'WwMllanu. KniKlits l.tiuliii*.
alarysTlllr, Onuillo •I»:4S %
•liaopHsywirds. Ml««an<l Han .lose t*"*. 1 **
•S:OOr NUes. LlTwmore aod Sbx-Ut<n • I O> 4».\
oS:«M>r biiutrt Limi-rd. El FadO. X- . w
Orleans and Kast. e»«slS*
*3:OOrTlie Owl l.huitcd— Tracy. Fresno.
Uakeraflelil. Hangiis fur 8aiita ltar-
bara. I.i'H Auitt-leii. *10:I"m
•SiOOrNew Orlrani Eiprees— l:AkersH«»IJ.*
S»nt» lUrhara. Iam Angelas. IVm-
Intf, El Paso, Xe'.r Orluaus ami
Kast '7.4. 1 **
•ihntip HaTirardM, NUes and H*n Jose *?!f-Vt
{StOOr Vallojn Mls-M*
•«iOttr Oriental Mail— OgJen. Chejenne.
Omaha. CWcago *»:«5r
••tOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. Cbioaffo. Msiap
*7<OOr Otrgoii and CalifiirnU V.i press. Sac-
irnml. Marjutille. ICvMIng,
rurtlmi.l. Tngat S,,n..,l »>..l Knsl *9:t3.t
•Sin.ipSan Pablo. P»rt Conta, Maxtlnes
»...l Way .Stations '11:tJ,
\*:O3r Vill>)o »ll>«a\
COMXt IHVIMON Ubmn <<anne).
(KiH.t ot M.-.rk.;t -Street. >
•s)<l3ANewark.t>»t«cTiilr..HanJiMe.l>Vlton.
UonMrrl'n-ek.Sai.ta Cruz ami Way
HUtloim ••:»!»»•
ta«l»F Newark. ConterTlU?. 8m .lose. Nnw
Almadeu. Fnltou. ItmiMer Cr<-ok.
Santa Crux and 1'rlnctpal *.V.«»
Station* fl»i»»«
MllSr Newark. .«s«n .1od». I.rn C.*Um ******
at I:l3p Hunters' Exeunion, 8an Jose and
WsT8t»«ons n«»»f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tttmU* raiRCUCO— rut *r Harkst SUHtlSUftr—
•7:15 »:00 11:00*. M. 11:33 *233 IW3
•4:C3 15:03 'l:SZr.m.
frtaOHLUa — r,,\ •* 3r».4»*v.— -fl.CO H.00 10:00%. H.
t»:C3 *l:03 t*C3 *3::3 ti:C3 '3:S3r.M.
COAVT IMTIMON (Itroaiilianir*).
QhlrJ itnd Towmeml St».)
1«:I«A <>c«aii View. Month Han Krauclaco.. t«j3«p
•7:O»* Ha.. Jone aii.l War HUllonn (New
, Almadeu \Ve<lne*dais<>iilj) •Ii3i»p
•UiUUa Haii Jnse. Tres l'inus. Hant« i'rus,
1'acillc lirove. I'm ' lluhles. Kau
I. uls Oltinpo, Surf. I.ouivoc and
l'rlncl|<al Way Stations *4«IS)p
•lo.lii, gan Jose ami Wa» Stations •«<a.1»
•III3OA Nail Jnse anil W*y Stations *3i3t»r
t3i43r8an Matrn, lledwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, San Jose. •
Tres Plnos, 8anta (-'rnx. Salinas,
Moutereyand I'aclne C5n>ve 1IO:.t»»
faias>p San Jose aud Way Stations •7:3«r
MilSr San Jnse and PrJncfpal Way SUtions •U:».'l»
fSsVOrSan Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way SUtlons ?? : 2?*
•SiSOr 8art Jose ami Prlneipal Way stations "*«*«
•8i3Hp San Jose aud Way Statloua 1»:»«»a
Oll:4.-Vr 3sii Jpgeaml Way Stations »T;3»p
A (or Morning. P for Afternoon.
¦Dallr. t Hnnday exempted. t Suaday oolT-
I Mondays. Wednesdays, Fridays.
« Tnesdsys, Tbundajs, Sundays.
« Saturday onljj.
San Francisco, Cal*
A. B. FORBES & SON, General Agents,
are Invited to examine and acquaint themselves with the details of what Is! con-
ceded to be the best of all Investments. More than four hundred thousand peo-
ple have already done so and the result Is the establishment of a permament
fund for their benefit exceeding $300,000,000, and this is a balance remaining after
payments to them or their estates of more than $525,000,000 within the past fifty-
teven years.
A full description of the latest plan offering great advantages will be forward-
ed to you free on application.
It will certainly Interest you. It may prove of great benefit to you. No other
method offers the same security combined with the same opportunities.
Address for particulars
HAVING SURPLUS INCOME, DESIRING A
PROFITABLE AND SAFE USE FOR MONEY
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs of Generation.
Price 11 a bottle. For «ale by druggists.
visit OR- JORDAN'S qrcat^
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
Cfo 1051 1USXZT St. t*t. 6il?.i. if.w. i
iS* The \JU% e»t Aastooical Mitseum in the \
- Zfti m , Woatd. V* e«Jtne<«.«» or Any contracted M
4ST3A diiciie p*<lll'rl7 etirad iiy tbt old:u V
1 IB* fa I speaaiiitcu tbv Com- EiLJtyurt. *^
J^i DR.JCRDAH-?8riATE0!SSAS!S4
F6?wP)H Co3«ultatioa frer snd Jtri'-tly priT»t«. \
I Yi"S«: H ' r " " ment perjonally or by l«»cr. A A
fl flr ¦ ft» in« t«ri m e»ety a« und;riitn. T
M if 11 £> Write for Bxi,PBILO»orB»«l A
I rt IT siAiiauee. mailed rxss. af
a 11 »ilu»W« book for menj \
DB. JUBDAHACO.. K»l Marfept St..S. f. 7
Oil, Land and Stock Broker, 537-533-
539 Parrott Building, San Francisco.
James R. T. Mershon,
1000 shares LION OIL CO.'S
STOCK, which has just struck a big
gusher in the Sunset IHstrict, Kern
County, for sale at 50c. "We have an
option on this amount for a few days
only. "Will sell the whole block or
any part of it. Apply
Dolls From Dolly-Land.
Fall- jointed Papier Mache Dolls, not dressed, imported from Ger-
many and now on sale at department store prices.
NOm 1 in this groap of Dj'lies has a bhque head.
with full crrly wig. sleeping eye?, moving wmt- 1 , /?^*L ijS*4
and comes in five sires: 5l"V*^ ft* "\ft .idt
16-inch Sf.00 24J inch.... $2.75 >c^rfev^^^ &*$
18-inch $1.25 2i-inch $4.OO /®S-9Sq? 6^
awncb $2.OO iffi^^Jx^&Mrk
No. 2 — Fine quality of bisque heal, ba 1 and socket <&''/ ':'' ;* 1o '&vt&l$]$i
joint, sleeping tj&\ fine mihair wig, shoes and *i» ' , iri T \ lyT, 1 ! 7^f
hacking* and lace a*d ribbon triraaisd chemise: // / 4 [i\/ < \\ \ \U . n ell
9Jich 65o 18 inch $1.5O feaLJa?* I ' I \\ / -A
lliinch 85o 19-inch $1.85 H~^~\J<^A^ LJLfL)
14j-inch $1.00 2 J inch $2.25 TjTj LjQ (/()
No* 3 is a very aristocratic Doll. mad3 of tho l/W || *£ V |V/,
best quality papier mache. wood limb) aad arms, *mlm^~ O»ts-»"~- C»*u»^
- 13 3^ sn<^ socket joint, fine quality bisque head, r|j|Rj
/iV p eoping eyrs, mohair w g and ringlets, fine lace ami £&
*Mv ribboi trimmsd chern's?: fni
SSS 18-inch $2. HO 23 inch $5.25 Ifli
kJ 2.i-inch S2.8D 29i-inch -.$5.75 8^1
jT\ 2^-nch $3.50 3? J inch- $7.50 |r~«
f'\ 24 J inch $4.30 $10.00 Qkp&
|j| Novelty
'i| Chatelaines and
|t| Purses. cate i^r u -°
11 Ladies' Ncvolty Chatelaine for cachons or carfare, in
imitation gun metal and French gray, with handsome jawel top-^«9©
A Same stye as above, phin top "d5c jica
1 / ImportOtJ Chain Pur SO— New; to be used ad #^jctpC^
coia or chatelaine purse, in non-tarniahab e gilt, cr silver- *^3^M.
Sfe^\ plated with rreen enamelel four leaf clover decoration — jQ^J&g
If $1mOO VwK^^
fl Larger iize* as above $1.25 t $1.50
1J I Coin f-UfSOS — New patterns of silver links,
H. \ sqiare top frame — — 400
| |- GatO TOP ChatOlainO PlirSO— Gilt, silvered and gun
IJSt metal co orings. w.th enitnehd cloVjr-leaf ilecoratiorn $1mOO
fi^S^i Holiday «WsMsC IPBillTWftsOiis! W lH M S- hi ; l , <ttma *
HI z™"Z:Ml SWPpRHJM^;-^
K^M«W'iday, Nov.m- P^ Qofaten1UleB«Tai»r. M| djy, Noven-
f- ffij&raJgSEJir, ber 12. cautornu-s LW»ocsr-A.nERtCA-» <jra.ndest stohsv ber 12.
"Lectures on Chronic Catarrh" is a complete
treatise on catarrhal diseases. It treats of every
phase and variety of summer catarrh, winter catarrh,
and the catarrhal affections peculiar to women.
This book contains ninety 'five pages, is instructively
illustrated, and will be found very useful in the fam-
ily. Sent free to any address by The Peruna MedU
cine Co., Columbus, Ohio.
Pe-ru-na is the medicine to do it. There are no
substitutes. Pe-ru-na is the only systemic catarrh remedy
yet advised.
There are hundreds of people dosing themselves for
this, that and the other, whose sole trouble is a catarrhal
condition of one or more organs of their body. If these
people will take Pe-ru-na it will make them well. It
will keep the grip away, it will prevent colds, and all of
the so-called winter diseases, which merely mean that
the mucous membrane of the entire body needs toning up
and cleaning.
PE-RU=NA-
the well-known catarrh cure.
Catarrh is a systemic disease. Contrary to general
opinion, it does not confine itself to the head and throat.
It attacks the stomach, the liver, the bowels, the lungs,
— any organ of the body. - The only way to cure it is
to cleanse the whole system by a thorough use of
If you are allowing catarrh to eat its way through
your body, you are like the man in the boat — drifting
upon a long river which ends with destruction.
Lve. San Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p m 8:00 p m
Arr. 8*.ockton »:*> p m 7:15 p m U:06 p m
" Merced 2:42 p m 1:13 a nr.
! " Fresno 4:20 p ra 1:06 a ra
" Vlralla 1:00 p m 4:50 a m
•* Tulare *:22 p m 5"10 a m
— Hanford «:S3 p m 7:06 am
•* Bakersfleld ... ¦:«> P m 7:30 a m
" Denver 10:M a m ¦
" Kansas City... 8:15 P n»
"• Chicago 7:40 » m •
t a. ra. train is the Overland Rxprvs*. Corre-
¦pondlng train arrives at ( p. m. dally.
' 4:10 P. rn. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.'
1:00 r>. m. Is Fresno and Bakenfleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars fcr both cities. Correspcnd-
|n* train arrives at 8 a. m. daily.
j OFFICES — «41 Market St. and in Fetrr Depot.
1 pnn. Francisco: -1118 Broadway. Oaklami.
Weslly Gall $1.00 serYear
jf "^h. Cr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
#§*JWs>^E$\ | n i<O4 tor thetr>r.tm»r.toi Private
JjH l\ ¦¦»*? Dlseasoa, l>»tiIa:ih<H«t D<>biii:y or
Sn^944^4 «li«ease»'ea.1nfroM bfvl/-tn<} mind and
ZfHS3£*<>uA Skin DlJeaaoa. Thr <loctorcurpf.wben
¦CWJUgSaSca "thpry fall Trr b!m thar?«» io'.v
rurf.enaranirf n Callorwrltti
Dr. J. V- xilHUOTi. Box ll*37.tiaa t'carxisL-v
Fare. Sin Francisco to Summit and Return.
SI 40 " *
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
Ticket offtVe*. «21 Market st.. Sausalltr. EVrrv.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto FcrTy:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m. ; 1:43 and 4:00 p. ra.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Markjt-street Ferry Depot
Santa Fe
Trains— Da««y
RAILROAD TEAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LiESSBE!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35, 3:30.
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at II:.*. 1
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:20 i>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3:30, 5:00.
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:30. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
EUNDAYS-S:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
same schedule a* above.
Leave | In Effect I Arrive .
Ban Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1900. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato,'. 10:40 am) i:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm; 10:25 air.
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
' ¦ • Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsbura;,
G«yserv?l'le. j
S:30pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. f 7:35 pm '6:22 pm
7:30 ami j Hopland j j
[ 8:00 am) and Uklah. | 7:33 pmf 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 10:25 am
- ( 8:00 am Guernevtlle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pml 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 am
• | and 1
5:10 pm 5:00 pmj Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:C0 ami 110:40 am!10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:33 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the • Gtysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, ; Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'g. Bucknell's.
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal,
Willets, Laytonvlle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia. and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
• On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market st.. Chronicle build-
ing. R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITTNG, Gen. Pass. Agt.
. Gen. Manager.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MLU* VALX^T
AND SAN RAFAEXj.
WEEK DAYS— «:53. *9:13. U:0O a. m.. 1:*i
S:U, 4:CC. 5:15, H:li. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley *nd 8aa
Rafael, on -Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:00. *10:0O.. 11:30 a. m.. *1:1»>
3:13, *«:i3. <:90. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRAXCISCOl
WEEK DATS— 5:t5. ««::0. 7:45, J:20 a. ra..
12:K. 1:43. •3:50. 4:30. 5:3) p. m.
¦ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays!
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS-*. -20. 'S:CO. '10:00. "U:« e. m..
•1:49, *3:15. 4:45. »«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentrn.
VROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCIbCOt
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. ra..
12:35, 1:10. 1:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:3) p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 3:05. 10:05 a. m.. 13:05. 1:15. 3:J0t
5:00. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
1:00 i. m. Sundavt-Tomtiu aad way sta-
tion* "
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBrUM.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
COLLARETTE shown in
picture above is of Electric
Seal. Border is of sable rac-
coon. Finished with 7 tails
and elegantly lined with
satin. Very fashionable.
$12.50
, , Each.
BALTIC SEAL CAPES—
A beautiful fur cape with a
pretty Astrakan yoke. Very-
stylish in the East. Two
heads and four tails. Lined
with heavy black satin —
14 inch $1O.5O
16 inch...... 11.50
¦! 18 inch 12.50
, Send for our Fashion Book —
: V- y ;> Tree. I
H.Liebes
# Company
-IWeORPOKflTBD-
133-137 Poit St.S.E"I love you almost better than I do my
life!" he declared.
"That," she replied. "Isn't saying- much,
considering the way you've been wast
ing It."
Then he threw his golf sticks away and
told his papa that he was ready to go to
work in almost any capacity.— Chicago
Times-Herald.
To the small boy yesterday the circus
was a hallelujah event, of which he had
heard the Georgia darky singing:
De kangaroo stocd on his head,
Wlnkin' at de foxes,
De elephant sot on his trunk
A-chewin' dry goods boxes.
De Hon. he sot up a roar
Lak' a busted concertina.
He slam de tiger on de no'.
En he chawed up de hyena!"
—Atlanta Constitution.
Nero was a great tyrant," remarked
Mr. Wolcott solemnly.
"Why, no," said little Tommy "Wolcott.
looking up astonished. "Xero was Mr.
Watson's dog that died." — Somtrville
Journal.
An advertisement has appeared in a lo
cal paper, in which a lady expresses her
desire for a servant who will be expected
"to cook and dress children." The four
and-twenty blackbirds baked In a pie are
not to be compared with this new dish.
"Children dressed a la mode" will now
have a new significance in th© fashion
papers.— London Globe.
Poet— Check, please.
Walter— Yes, sir! One dinner, one mark
fifty pfennigs; one beer, thirty pfennigs;
makes one mark eighty pfennigs.
Poet— Here is a volume of my lyrics,
price two marks fifty pfennigs. You may
keep twenty pfennigs as a tip and pay
me the other fifty pfennigs.—Meggen
dorfer Blatter.
See the bad boy?
"Why la the boy bad? •
Be-cause of a prov-erb he one* read in
a book.
What did the prov-erb say?
It said. "The good die young."
That Is why the boy Is not tak-lnsr any
chan-ces.— Chicago Post.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN— London's
welcome to the returning- volunteers
from South Africa was at one© magnifi
cent and dlsrraceful. It showed the
average Englishman at his worst and at
his best. As a demonstration it was a
manifestation of English Intolerance, in
tensity of purpose, nationalism and loy
alty. It was a turbulent rejoicing over
a victory that England ought to b?
ashamed to celebrate. It was a wild orgy
over the destruction of two republics m
Africa. It was a shout of defiance to the
civilized world that sympathized with
the vanquished freemen.
HARTFORD COURANT— The mosquito
may be blamed for carrying perms on his
bill, but It Is quite possible that It may
be proved next week that he carries an
antidote or a tonic aulte as often as h<»
carries a poison. Until we receive
further Information on the subject w«
shall continue to dread one wasp mor«
than many mosquitoes. "Alack, there lies
more peril in his stingr than twenty of
their bills." Experience is as trust
worthy a guide as science. Let judgment
be suspended.
RICHMOND TIMES— Therefore. lar.
we for one, strike his name from th© tab
lets of your Hall of Fame. There is noth
ing there to honor Lee. And If th© nar
row minded bigots who carp at his belnsr
there cannot appreciate the honor which
Lee's name confers upon them, let his
name be withdrawn, that It may blaze
in the firmament with his own undying
light, uninterrupted by the petty screens
which the. bigt>ts would attempt to Inter
pose between it and the admirers who
dwell all over the civilized world.
CHICAGO CHRONICLE— If the pres
ent CongTess fixes the ratio of ConsTes
slonal representation it is almost certain
that the membership from the Southern
States will be reduced, in accordance
with th« fourteenth amendment, in pro
portion to the number of citizens deprived
of tbe franchise under State laws. Thi*
would cut out thirty or forty members
from the South.
NASHVILLE AMERICAN'-The United
States must maintain their position In thA
struggle for Industrial and commercial su
premacy, and to do this they must holrl
every vantage point. At the sam* tlm*
they must retain these vantage points as
Integral parts of a nation -welded Into on»
mighty organization for the purpose of
giving liberty and equal rlehts to every
human being: beneath the folds of the flag.
PITTSBTJRG DISPATCH— It la offi
cially announced the North-derma n
Lloyd steamship line has contracted for
1000 tons of American structural steel a-.
against Westphallan competition. Thl*
incident comes by way of illustrating th*
views of the gentleman who has just pub
lished a book on German tra/!e outlook
American competition in Germany is no
Idle dream.
ARKANSAS GAZETTE— The Countess
Castellane evidently is devoted to her
spendthrift husband. She has not desert
ed him even In the face of his amazing
expenditures of her money. If the Count
possesses true manhood he will profit bv
the devotion of his wife and seek to meml
the error of his ways, to the end that he
may deserve her consideration.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT-A constitu
tional convention composed of Cubans,
fairly and freely elected, will shortly as
semble to draw up for the. Island ** a sta
ble and Independent government," over
which the United States will exercise no
other supervision than that involve<l In
friendly Interest In a nation we hav«
called Into being.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
The brutal special policeman who nearly beat an
unoffending: citiren to death a few days ago turns out
to be a man who was once on the regular police
force. It is hard to eradicate habits cultivated by
privileges long enjoyed - »
It is to-be hoped that the national nightmare . of
Eryanism is now over for all time. Even those Demo
crats who have a thought of their party's honor can
share this wish.
The city authorities are now concerning them
selves over the proper treatment of sick animals.
Municipal provision for ill citizens remains, however,
no better than a barn misnamed a City and County,
Hospital.
The critical day. of the political campaign having
passed, the national mind can now turn its attention
to football. The first item of interest has been fur
nished by a New York player who had his neck
broken on the gridiron.
That constitutes an extensive programme of do
mestic politics. If is to be noted, however, that noth
ing was said of any intent on the part of the Minis
try to bring forward the general amnesty bill which
was passed by the Senate at the last session and was
designed to wipe out all the suits that remain from
the Dreyfus affair. In a recent speech' at Toulouse,
which was much commented on at the time, the
Premier expressly declared an intention to urge the
pessage of that bill, r.nd consequently the neglect to
The opening of the Senate was decorously dull.
In the Deputies there was something of interest.
The Premier annonuced that the Ministry would
give consideration to all interpellations, but reminded
the Deputies that if these were not confined to im
portant questions the whole session would be taken
upwith discussions of various issues of little moment
and the business of the country would suffer. The
first interpellation was a request for information con
cerning the general policy of the Ministry. To that
the Premier replied that the Government desires the
discussion of a few reform measures of immediate in
terest, simultaneously with the budget discussion.
These reforms, he explained, were a law to reduce
the tax on alcohol, old age pensions, official arbi
trators for labor disputes and the reform of courts
martial, and the law of associations, which, he 6aid,
ought to be one of the first acts of the Republican
party, to avert the peril which menaced the public
fortune and moral unity of the country.
WHEN the Nationalists at the last elections
swept Paris and elected a majority of the
Municipal Council it was announced that as
soon as the exposition was over there would be an
attack upon the Waldeck- Rousseau Ministry that
would drive it from power/ The close "of the expo
sition is at hand, and on Tuesday the Senate and the
Chamber of Deputies reassembled for the fall ses
sion. The expectations of stormy — or at least lively —
times were disappointed. The proceedings in both
houses were comparatively tame, and no evidence
was shown of any intention to make a serious effort
to overthrow the Ministry at this time.
THE UNEXPECTED IN FRANCE.
subject of desertion from the United
States army: "No "person shall be tried
or punished by a court-martial for deser
tion in time of peace and not in face of
an enemy, committed more than two
years before. the arraignment of such per
son accused of such offense, unless he
shall ¦ meanwhile have absented himself
from the United States, in which case the
time of his absence shall 1 be excluded in
computing the period of the limitation
provided that such limitation - shall not
begin with, the end of the term for which
such person was mustered into the serv
ice." A man who deserted from the armv
eighteen : years ago, if in time of peace
and not in the "face of an enemy." could
not be tried for that offense at this time.
DESERTION FROM THE ARMY—
Reader, Falrview, Cal. Paragraph 103 of
the articles of war, U. S. A., says on the
arrival of W. J. ¦ Bryan* In this city at the
time he spoke in Woodward's Pavilion
agree that Bryan came over oh the ferry
boat from the Oakland mole, landed at
the foot of Market street and was driven
to the California Hotel.* He did not go
direct to the Pavilion and was not landed
from a tug at the foot of Mission street.
The procession to the Pavilion was along
Kearny street and out Valencia to Four
teenth.
BRYAN'S LANDING— A. O. S.. City.
The local papers of the date following the
Anita Theresa, daughter of the late L>.
T. Murphy of San Francisco did not
"marry Lord Wolseley, commander in
chief of the British forces"; she married
Sir Charles Michael Wolseley, Baronet of
Wolseley, of Wolseley, Stafford, England.
That was in 1S83.
GRAPE VINES— F. X. K., City. The
letter of inquiry is not definite as to "lit
tle black worms that. infest grape vines,"
but if the black grape leaf folder is asked
about the best way to get rid of the pent
Is to crush.it where seen. The better way
is to prevent the worm from comingr Into
a vineyard. The chrysalis 19 formed with
in the fold of the leaf. Go over the yard
before the leaves fall and carefully pluck
or destroy those that are folded and crum
pled. In r that way the supply of worms
for. the following year will be cut off.
1899.- ;w ; ¦/.:,;¦/,-.-;
MURPHT-WOL9ELET-T. M.. City.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WOOD RATS— H. S., Kaweah. Cal.
Traps or poison are the best methods of
keeping wood rats off apple trees.
A DIME OF *94— M. E. &7, City. A dime
of 1S94 does not command a premium un
less it is one of twenty-four coined In the
branch mint at San Francisco.
GROUND SQUIRRELS— S.. Oakland,
Cal. It is probable if there are no
ground squirrels in some of the grain
counties of California that such have been
exterminated.
TAR WEED— W. G. G.. "Westley, Cal.
This department has not been able to find
any one in this city who purchases tar
weed. The weed Is used In medicine; but
in a very limited quantity.
TONNAGE— H. F., City. The tonnage
at New York City in 1899 was, entered
654.764, cleared 629,723. The statistics re
ceived in this city up to date do not give
the tonnage for the port of Hamburg for
How he will go about his reform remains to be
seen, but if he wishes advice on the subject Ameri
cans can give him a good deal, and every bit of it will
be sound horse sense. Uncle Sam would advise him
to treat Russian nobility as Russian serfdom was
treated. An emancipation proclamation should be is
sued relieving every man from the burden of false pre
tenses and onerous titles. The best way to reform any
nobility is to abolish it.
By reason of the number and the poverty of the
order Russian nobility is said to be anything but
aristocratic. A good many Princes sell herrings for a
living and about as many Princesses. take in washing.
By reason of that fact, which the Czar regards as a sad
one, the Russian nobility is said to be scorned by the
wealthier nobility of Western Europe, and the Czar
feels that his country is discredited.
It must not be supposed his reform is anything of
a moral project. He is not disturbed by the drinking,
the gambling and cigarette smoking of his nobles.
The only thing that makes him tired is that there are
too many of them and they are not aristocratic. In
Russia every child of a noble is also a noble, and,
furthermore, every, one who attains to a certain rank
in the service of the empire becomes a member of the
nobility by virtue of his office, and then all his
descendants are nobles. The Tesult is a rapid increase
of nobles, some of whom may be rich, but most of
whom are not. Thus it happens there are now in
the empire over 600,000 nobles by inheritance and
250,000 nobles by virtue of the office they hold.' That,
as the Cxar rightly thinks, is altogether too many, and
he. meditates an extensive cleaning. out of the whola
gang.
OUR great and good friend the Czar of Russia
is reported to be lying awake at night think
ing how he can best reform the Russian no
bility and make it .something the nation can be justly
proud of. He leaves to his diplomats and his generals
the settlement of the Chinese question, and his famous
propaganda for universal peace has seemingly been
laid aside altogether, so that he has now full leisure
after the court functions for the day are over to spend
his evenings playing with his babies and meditating
how to elevate the nobility.
A RUSSIAN REFORM PROJECT.
Callfornians are In New York: From San
Francisco — E. F. Beck, at Grand Union;
E. C Byron i at Murray Hill; G. B. Coop
er, at Manhattan; Mrs. Fitzgerald, at
Empire; C. A. Hitchcock, at Cosmopoli
tan; K. Hughes and wife, at Nicholas; J.
E. Phewell, at Albert; S. .Rosenthal, at
Criterion; C. J. Steelman, R. W. White,
at Hoffman. From Los Angeles— C. B.
Booth, at Murray Hill; B. A. Johnson, at
Astor; C. L. Shieffelin, at St. Cloud; Mrs.
H. C. "Wardraan, at Park Avenue; Robert
Oxnard, at Albemarle. From San Jose^ —
J. K. I>evl, at Earllngton. From Eureka
— H. Gates, at Imperial.
NEW* YORK, Nov. 7.— The following
CAI/IFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK,
The interest of the United States in "the struggle
for the trident" is not so vital as that of Great Brit
ain. Our national salvation and prestige do not de
pend upon the control of the sea, but our commer
cial interests demand that we act as energetically as
cither Germany or Britain in the contest. We now
pay an enormous tribute to those two powers, and
with the expansion of our foreign trade the tribute
will increase unless we build up a merchant marine
of our own. Hardly ?>ny issue now before the coun
try is more important than this, and from all parts
r>f the country there should b« sent petitions urging
Congress to take action upon it this winter.
At the present time the competitor whom the Brit
ish fear most is Germany. We have waited so long a
time in devising legislation for the upbuilding of our
rrerehant marine that even that heavily burdened and
comparativelj' poor and landlocked empire has sur
passed us on the sea, despite the fact that our sea
board commands thousands of miles of frontage on
the tiro greatest of oceans. Referring to what has
been accomplished there by wise statesmanship, the
Chronicle says: "A new and resolute claimant for
sea power has risen. Germany has doubled and
trebled her navy- Already she holds the Atlantic
record. Her system of mail subsidies has secured
not merely a foothold in Asia and Australia, where
formerly Britain was supreme, but is on the eve of
driving another fleet of British steamships from the
i,ea. Germany has stretched out her hands .for the
trident. * * * Within a few months the Reich
stag will again be asked to increase the German fleet
by 50 per cent." •. , >•'.
The main object of Mr. Bullen's book is to bring
about an improvement in the personnel of the British
mercantile service, .ind to confinc«that service very
largely to British seamen. He says: "I feel sure we
are heaping up for ourselves a most awful mountain
of disaster in the way in which we are allowing it to
become a foreign service.. One thing we could do and
tijiould do at once — apply the same rule to the mer
chant service that is in force in the royal navy. There
no alien, unless he has become naturalized, can hold
any post whatever. It sound's like a small reform,
tmt it would have, I am sure, the most far-reaching
effects." : ;, ; :;
Germany has already become a formidable com
petitor against the British in the ocean carrying trade,
and the Chronicle adds: "The United States, busy in
building up their navy, are not likely to remain con
tent until they have recovered their splendid mercan
tile marine. Nearly the whole of their immense
carrying trade over sea is practically in the hands
of the British. When the change comes the British
carrying trade, like British agriculture, will shrink
to a shadow of its former self."
T — ; T. BULLEX, a member of the Royal Geo
! graphical Society, has just had published in
* • London a book bearing the title, "The Men
of the Merchant Service,"' which has given rise to a
good deal of discussion. The London Chronicle in
commenting upon it speaks of it as "drawing the pic
ture of England's decadent merchant navy in a way
to make statesmen think," and goes on to say: "It
will be no fault of Mr. Bullen's if the supremacy of the
carrying tfade, which we still possess on conditions
that cannot be maintained, is not continued 'on
sounder and healthier lines."
The sum 'and substance oi the work is that the sail
ing vessel is fast disappearing from the ocean, and
that along with it the old-fashioned British sailor is
passing away. The future of sea traffic is with steam
¦vessels, and the prediction is made that the end of
the sailing ship for large commercial uses will come
when the Panama or Nicaragua canal is open for in
teroceanic traffic. Then the trade of all the Pacific
coast of both North and South America — the grain
of California and the nitrates of the countries to the
south of us — will pass through the canal in steam
ships, and big sailing vessels will vanish from the
gteat oceans.
THE STRUGGLE FOR THE TRIDENT
W. G..< Hunt and wife of Los Angeles
arrived in the' city yesterday on their
wedding tour. They are stopping at tbe
Palace. -
W. C. Vail, wife and two children of
Poughkeepsle have taken apartments at
the Occidental for'a few days. . .
James D. Schuyler, a prominent Los
Angeles merchant, Is registered at the
Palace.
C. Linkenbach, who has some extensive
oil interests in Bakersfleld, is at the
Palace.
Mrs. S. Lpwek. wife of the proprietor of
two hotels In Marysvllle, is at the Cali
fornia.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Crocker of San L>uls
Obispo are at the California for a few
days.
Dr. E. TV. Wells of Eureka Is at the
Grand.
N. E. Deyoe, a Modesto merchant. Is at
the Lick.
Dr. XV. S. Taylor, of Llvercnore Is at
the Palace.
Rev. J. H. Phelps of Detroit, Mich", la
at the Grand.
E. R. TTescott and wife of Howard City
are at the Palace.
G. M. Westcott, a Concord rancher, Is
registered at the Grand. \
. George F. Dltzler, the well-known Bigrgs
rancher, is at the Grand.
H. E. Huntingdon will arrive In San
Francisco next Monday.
J. M. Cormick, the Stockton wholesale
provision man, is at the Lick.
H. P. Ash of the U. S. S. Ranger is stop
ping at the Occidental with his wife.
Frank L. Smith, a Denver merchant. Is
at *he Palace for a few days.
Rev. Herbert" H. Powell of San Mateo
arrived at the Occidental last evening.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The growth of population and the increase of
wealth have not been equally distributed through the
Union, but there is not enough difference to give
rise to any feeling of sectional envy or discontent.
The sections where the progress has been less than
the hopes of the 'sanguine expected are the Pacific
Coast and the South, but each of those sections has
a promise of a brilliant advance during the decade
that now opens. The development of manufactures in
the South will surely bring about a great improve
ment in those States, and the expansion of oriental
commerce will give this coast an impetus that will
rapidly promote all her enterprises. As yet neither
California nor Texas take rank among the "empire
States" of the Union, but it will not be long before
they do so. The time when they will be rivals to
Illinois and Ohio, if not to New York and Pennsyl
vania, is coming fast.
Along with that increase of population there has
come a most gratifying increase of wealth. The offi
cial figures on that point have not yet been fully given
out, but in a recent address delivered at Washington
Dr. L. G. Powers, chief statistician of the Census
Bureau, stated that the census will show that within
the last ten years our people have saved the enor
mous sum of $25,000,000,000, and that the whole vis
ible wealth of the country now approximates $90,000,
000,000. Ninety billions of dollars is an enormous
sum of money. It can be expressed in figures, but it
cannot be realized by the understanding or conceived
by the imagination. Dr. Powers is quoted as saying
that the savings of the last ten years in this country
"represent more houses and buildings, more good
clothes, good books and all sorts of necessities and
luxuries than the entire^human race had saved from
the time of Adam to our Declaration of Indepen
dence."
The statement given out by the Census Bureau and
published a few days ago, shows that the total popu
lation of the country -last summer was 76,295,220, of
which 74,627,907 persons are contained in the forty
five States. The statement also shows a total of 134,
158 Indians not taxed. The total population in 1890,
with which the aggregate population at the present
census should be compared, was 63,069,756, compris
ing 62,622,250 persons enumerated in the States and
organized Territories at that census, 32,052 persons in
Alaska, i8o,i82 x Indians and other, persons in the In
dian Territory, 145,282 Indians and other persons on
Indian reservations, etc., and 89,990 persons in
Hawaii, this last named figure being derived from the
census of the Hawaiian Islands taken as of December
28, 1890. Taking this population as given above for
1890 as a basis, there has been a gain in population
of 13,225,464 during the ten years from 1890 to 1900,
representing an increase of very nearly 21 per cent.
OUR WEALTH, AND POPULATION.
SINCE the elections are over and there is no
longer anything to be gained by disputing the
prosperity of the country, even the Bryanites
may be pleased with the record shown by trie returns
of the recent census. The figures are of a nature to
brighten expectations of the coming Thanksgiving
and to put every / gooi citizen in a humor to celebrate
with a glad heart all the functions and customs of thai
annual holiday.
0%* ofnli
THURSDAY....; .....NOVEMBER 8, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to VV. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OKF1CK Trirphonc Vr^nn 2O4
lr»CBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market «nd TUIrd. S. V.
Telephone- Prena 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prentt 2O2.
DeltTrrrd hr Carrier*. 15 Ont« Per Week.
Mnjrle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* ••> 'Jail. Inolndlnc PoMafret
DATLT CAT-T.. flr.cluaini- Sunday), one year »«.03
DAILY CALL. (including Sunday). * months I.Ofl
DAILY CALX, (including Sunday*. 8 norths l.M
DAILY CALL-ny Single Month Me
6C2CDAY CALL. One Year 1.60
VEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1.C0
All iiomiua«i«T« nr^ nnllmrlied to receive
¦nhnrrlptfnns.
Earaple copies will Y* forward <>d ; hen requested.
Mail rubwrll»>n> !n rrAfrtntf rhinir* or »<Mr*»*« should t«
particular to rive both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Ilrondvrny
Vanagcr Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lcrg Distance Telrphnr.e "Central 2619.")
KEVT TORK CO-RESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEX D. SMITH HO Tribune IlnlMtn*
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa;acT-?-A*tort«. Hotel; A. Brtntsno. Zl Union Square:
Hurray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel; I
FYeinor.t House; Auditorium Hotel. I
WASniXCTON <D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OO C. St.. X. W. '
MOHTOX B. CHANE. Correspondent.
URAXCII OFFICES— i:: Monteoirery. rr-n»r cf Clar. open
i until ?:33 o'clock. J00 Hayes, open until 9:30 'o'clock. 633 |
McAllister, open until 5:39 o'clock. C15 I^arkln. cpen until j
S:30 o'clock. J«l fc!i«lon. open unti! 10 o'clock. 22C1 Market.
earner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia, open ;
untJl S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor- i
r<»r T-wfnty-yecr»r.(i aril Kentucky, or**" ur.tll 9 o'clock.
say anything about it in the. Chamber of Deputies is
the more surprising. > . ' {
Whether the opponents of the Ministry have any
plan by which they can combine all parties in antago
nism to the Ministry remains to be seen. If such a
combination be possibW it will not be long before
it is set to work. In the . meantime M. Waldeck-
Rousseau appears sanguine of holding his position.
He has been quoted *s saying recently that the great
banquet at Paris, in which the Mayors of almost all
the communes .of France took part, was virtually a •
manifestation that the country is with him, and to
have spoken of it as "the, most striking consecration
any regime ever had." The enthusiasms of banquets,
however, do not last very long, and before Christmas
there may be stormy times for the Government which
is now so sanguine of a long hold on office.
California lifts up her head in salute to the Union
and the constitution, and admonishes her citizens who
went astray that they have no hope for a future that
is based upon the expectation that she is kind to
schemes of revolution urged by methods abhorrent to
American patriotism.
In the great procession of States she hails President
McKinley as the chief of the republic ar^d the custo
dian of its highest purposes.
The desperate men who have ruined one of the
great parties in a vain revolution may now go into
retirement discredited. In the politics of the future
the people will divide, but one side will not be a mob,
with all the disorderly and destructive purposes by
which mobs are moved.
The republic is to-day stronger than ever before.
The insidious enemy of popular institutions is dema
gogy, more to be feared than the world in arms. Twice
the demagogy bi Bryanism has fiercely assaulted the
foundations of our Government, and twice it has been
repulsed by the most significant rebuke ever adminis
tered by a free people. This has not meant that there
is to be but one party here. Free institutions cannot
exist under that condition. But it means that par
ties must be loyal to the constitution, must seek by
different means the same end, and that the glory of
the country and the prosperity of its people.
Our external policy will get a sane adjustment.
The American people will do equity to everybody.
The inevitable miseries that mix with the blessings
of the Spanish war will be soothed at any cost by the
American people, even at the cost of amending their
constitution if that shall prove necessary.
No man pretends that all this future development
may be had without occasional pauses, when it will
rest a bit to get breath for the exertion to come.
But. in such pause, it will hold what it has taken and
go backward not an inch.
The country has risen and shaken the whole com
bination off, and every good heart brightens and beats
stronger for the effort. The work begun in the result
of 1S96 will go on unchecked. Our monetary stan
dard is forever secure. A superstructure of enlight
ened financial legislation will be built upon that sound
foundation. Our banking system will be improved
laid broadened with no dilution of its safety. Our
great trade will hold its ground and enlarge it. Its de
mands upon our industry will increase and American
labor will be called to more constant employment.
Our enterprise and capital will penetrate, distant fields
and American money will build railroads on alien
soil, and American workmen will equip them. We
will proceed to reconquest the carrying trade of the
world by controlling our own. Our vast deep water
trade will be carried in American ships, built in
American shipyards by American workmen. The
triumphs of our navy will be equaled by those of our
merchant marine, an-1 our flag will flutter over the
ocean commerce of the world. That new avenue will
be opened as a career to our captains and crews. Tens
of thousands of Americans will find therein congenial
and profitable employment. We have the greatest land
transportation on the planet, the best and the cheap
est. We will have soon the greatest, best and cheap
est transportation system on the waters.
I T is significant that fewer mourners go about the
i I streets than are usually seen after a Presidential
j election. In their hearts hundreds of thousands
of Bryan's supporters are glad that he is beaten. They
felt a common stake in the welfare of the country and
dreaded the effect of his election. While they pre
tended to hope for his election as a prize in the lottery
of politics, they rejoice that they drew a blank in his
| defeat. His methods were counted as extraordinary,
| but their lack of dignity was equally apparent. His
j ubiquitous presence en the stump weakened him
j daily. His expert dodging of test questions fixed
I him in the public mind as a sort of "smart Aleck" in
politics and made the lack of his qualifications for the
Presidency more painfulb' apparent. But that very lack
drew to him an element that was trained in disrespect
for the decencies of politics, and is moved by a purely
revolutionary view ol public affairs. This is the
merely destructive clement in the United States. The
few men of sound intentions who supported him had
finally thrust upon them the appalling conviction that,
if elected, they would have no voice nor influence in
his administration, which would be controlled by the
destructives and bent to their purposes. Of the de
stroying element Hearst and his three papers were
the leaders. They furnished the country with an ex
hibition of inconsistency and foul and impudent lying
that has never been equaled in American politics.
The personal effrontery of Hearst, his flamboyant
proclamations, his pandering to everything bad, his
persistent personal abuse of the President, his prac
tice of everything vicious and low and capable of de
grading public life to the mud of the gutter in which
he chooses to flounder, made a handicap to Bryan sec
ond only to his own indiscretions of speech and shal
lowncss of statement.
THE HAPPY END.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAr, ¦¦JS'UVJSAJJSEK 8,' itfOO.
THE END OF THE CIRCUS SEASON.
REPRODUCED BY PERMISSION FROM HARPER'S WEEKLY.
"Appearances were against us last week
owing to a blunder of our compositor. We
wrote an article as follows: 'James Wil
son called at our office yesterday and re
newed his subscription. Mr. Wilson tt
will be remembered, raised this rear's
prize cabbape head. Little Johnny, who
accompanied his father, is a fine little
man.' The above is the way we wrote it.
In setting It up. however, our compositor
omitted a period, which made part of it
read as follows: 'Mr. Wilson, It will be
remembered, raised this year's prize cab
bage, head, little Johnny, who accom
panied his father.' We trust that Mr.
Wilson and our army of readers will have
faith in our veracity when we assert that
no harm was intended."— Indianapolis
Sun.
The Editor's Apology.
6
CaL glace fruit 60c per n> at Townsend's.*
Ca!?^crs:a— "VThoce Baby Are You."
OrrhPUTO— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-houE^ — "A Divorce Cclcny."
Grand Opera-hoLihe — Maurice Grau Opera Company, Mon-
day r\ en'.ng. Novwibfr It.
Alcazar — "Lcrt Paradise."
Columbia— •'Oliver Goldsmith."
Tivc!!— •C*rni«>n."
A!hair.bra— "'King of the Opium Rlr.g.**
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy etreet»— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater- — Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fiyr her' s— Vaudeville.
Ehenran-Clay Hall— riar.o Recital this afternoon.
tiutrc Baths — Open nlphts.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
-fiJiUEEJLELNTS.
Sailing under false colors are all cheap and
poisonous domestic substltut-s of DR. SIE-
GERTS Angostura Bitters, the great South
American tonic
The COLORADO MTDLANTJ RAILTVAT will
run every Monday from Los Angeles at 10:30 p.
m. and every Tuesday at t p. m. from San Fran-
cisco, a personally conducted through Pullman
tourist sleeper to Chicago, via th« Rio Grand*
'Western. Colorado Midland and Burlington
route*. Salt Lake City and Denver in day-
light. ' For further Information address W. H.
DAVENPORT. General Agent, San Francisco.
ITe-w Overland Tourist Car Line.
The Famous Pennsylvania Limited
Departs from Chicaso Union Station every .lay
at 6:30 pi. m. en Its twenty-four-hcror run to
New-Tork. . Rapid transit Jn luxury la Out pur-
pose It serves in the highest tfegrree of perfec-
tion attained In the railway world. Its com-
posite car. dining compartment and drawing-
room sle^ptne cars and library and observation
cars combine the luxuries of club, hotel, draw-
ing-room and boudoir of magnificent modern
homes. For further details write A. S. J. Holt.
Pacific Coast Agent. 30 Montgomery street, San
Francisco. Cal.
In the city of Frankfort small German
or Dutch oysters in th© shell cost from 65
to 72 cents (2H to 3 marks) per dozen.
Some resident Americans occasionally
have a barrel of American oysters sent by
their friends at home.
Special Information supplied daily to
bnslaess houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. *
IN SUNDAY'S CALL
M, <Q<v>
ABDUCTION
f\WU
RESCUE
OF
LOLA GARCIA.
The Most Thrilling Story in
the History of Girl \
Captives. r
1 ¦: ;. /
DONT MISS THE
GREAT COMIC SECTION.
SOCIETY GIRLS WHO THE WASP AND THE TO TRAMP. TRAMP.
EXPECT SOON TO FIG. IS THE LATEST FAD
BECOME BRIDES. HOW TO MAKE THE IN ATHLETICS. \
A PAGE OF SHORT BABY PRETTY. READ "IN MALE AT'
STORIES BY FAMOUS A NEW MEXICAN TIFE" THE SENSA.
AUTHORS. INDIAN HUNT. TIONAL SERIAL ITTOBAIUT
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the "itrly morning tides ar« riven In the left
hand "column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or light hand column fives the last
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
¦when a. minus sign (— ) precedes .he height, and
then the number given is sub'.i-acted from the
depth given by th« charts. Th» plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 4:42
Sun sets 5:04
Moon rises 6:38 p. m.
When one has, some. Idea of the good
things that Shakespeare got from his
sources it will Be interesting to see the
bad things he got. He did not always
winnow the wheat from the chaff, and the
result was that he retained many of the
crudities of the raw material. For in
stance, many of the conceits and quibbles
In "As You Like It" are in Lodge's "Rosa
lynde." and some of the things in the old
play of "Hamlet" remain to mar the
beauty of the play as we. have It now.
One of. the most interesting of tha recent
Three good plays In which to study his
Indebtedness to his source are "Antony
and Cleopatra," "Romeo and Juliet" and
"As You Like It"; for the first reading
Plutarch s "Life of Mark Antony." for the
second Brooke's "Romeus and Juliet." and
for the third Ledge's "Rosalynde." I have
seen more than one student with much of
his hero worship gone after making the
study of these three plays and their
sources. The ract is that a poor reader
of "Antony and Cleopatra" would get
about as mucn out of Plutarch as he
would from the play.
Indeed, the first Impression of one who
makes the study we are suggesting Is the
striking similarity between the play and
its source. One explanation of such simi
larity is that the dramatist of that day
considered that his work was one of
translation merely. Whatever he found
adapted to the stage he used, very much
as a modern playwright would dramatize
•The Scarlet Letter." Shakespeare seems
utterly indifferent as to any charges of
plagiarism that might be brought: h« took
what other men had done and used It for
his own purposes.
And yet I hasten to say that he was In
a sense very dependent on his books.
There- is scarcely an original plot in hl3
plays, only two or three in which he Is
not indebted to some one of the sources
I have already mentioned. He was one
of the greatest borrowers— plagiarists. If
you please. What Lowell said of Chaucer
applies with even greater force to Shakes
peare: whenever he saw anything directed
to him he took it and never used quota
tion marks. Though he read but Httle, he
was master of what hs did read, a crea
tive reader, to use an expression of Emer
son's. There are scenes in his Roman
plays, for instance, that are almost para
phrases of Plutarch. Many of the inci
dents that readers of his plays have raved
over may b« found in the sources that he
used.
novels, old plays, old ballads and songs.
and. for single plays such things as
Lodge's "Rosalynde," Brooke's "Romeus
and Juliet," etc. He may have read
'•Chapman"s Homer" In writing "Troilus
and Cressidi," and he was doubtles?
familiar with Chaucer's "Troilus and Crl
seyde" and the "Knight's Tale." •
One Is struck with the small number of
books that Shakespeare read. We wonder
how such a man as he was. living in the
time of the renaissance, could have read
so little classic literature, so little French
and Italian literature. The greatest of
poets did not know Homer or Virgil or
Dante! Such limited reading has caused
the absurd theory to be advanced that
such an ignorant man could not have
written the plays we have from his pen.
Such a theory" need 1 detain us no longer
than to say that learning did not pro
duce /Shakespeare's plays, nor literary
culture. He was of all men the least
bookish. He had the genius to get hold
of Just what he needed In the way of
books, and to learn that with the rapidity
of hU marvelous genius. But his great
est teacher was the life of his day. Some
one asked 'Wordsworth's servant one day
where the master's study was. The re
ply was that his books were in the house,
but his study was out of doors. And so
Shakespeare's study was In the theater
and the tavern and on the street. He
picked up more from conversation and ob
servation than most men do from the
reading of a lifetime. It Is easy to see
what was not In his library, for he was
as far removed as possible from the
scholarly Milton or the bookish Southey.
peare" and the more recent study of
Shakespeare by Georar Branded, we may
realize how Shakespeare developed In all
things that make one of the greatest of
men and the greatest of dramatists. An
other triumph of modern scholarship was
the finding of Shakespeare's sources and
by comparing- them with the plays to se«
•how the dramatist worked— what he re
jected and what he accepted, what he al
tered and what he added. In some such
way we may learn some of the secrets of
his art and of his mind. 1
EDWIN MIM3.
Trinity College. r~.-
A SCENE FROM "HAMLET."
(From the- painting by Goldberg.)
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 8.
For Victoria— 13 cs arms and ammunition. «15
lbs bread, 1600 lbs bear.s. :6C0 lbs butter, 8 cs
clock?. 10 tens chop teed. IT cs canned roods.
2 cs drygoods. 912a lbs 45 pkgs dried fruit, 15
Iris flour. C.!l bxs fruit. 650 pki:s fruit and nuts.
r21S feet lumber, 197 bxs lemons, 31.170 lbs malt,
-f\~ lbs 30 pkes mlilstuffs. t. cs mineral water.
C cs metal polish. 3 pkks machinery. 75 tins
matches. 100O lbs walnut?. 11 sks assorted nuts,
;¦") bxs orar.ees, 3 cs oil. ~63 bxs raisins. SO cs
si-ices, 3 bars steel. 20.CC0 lba salt, 81 pkgs
vegetables.
For fct. Psul— 500 cs salmon.
For lioston — 500 cs salmon.
wheat Shipment.
The ship Kenllworth sailed yesterday for
Cueenstown for orders with "5.3S4 ctls wheat,
valued at »77.SOO. anri 20.QC0 feet dunnage, val
ued at J400. Total value, 578,280.
Lumber for Australia.
The bark Charles B. Kenney cleared yester
day for Melbourne with 751.333 feet lumber, anj
2 crs furniture, valued at S21,677.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"\Vater3 at Fort Point, . atrance. to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front <Mtssion-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height cf tide Is the same at both places.
The steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a general cargo, valued at J15.STS,
manifested as follows: 1'or Victoria. $10,873;
St. Paul, Minnesota. $2'->5: Boston. $2300. The
following were the principal shipments:
Merchandise for Victoria.
Tha A. J. West loads lumber at Grays Har
bor for Manila, 65s, prior to arrival; the Mach
rilianlsh. salmvn on Fraser River for Liverpool.
40s, prior to arrival; the skrislt, lumber at.
Pert Gamble for Illlo; the Universe, merchan
dise to Vladivostok : the W. H. Dlniond, mer
chandise to Honolulu.
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
HONGKONG— Arrived Nor 7— Br stmr Coptic,
hence Oct 10.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NE"W YORK— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Columbia,
for Naples; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool: »tmr
Frlpsland, for Antwerp, via Southampton.
TAKU— Arrived Nov ?— Stmr Alesla, from
San Francisco.
ROTTERDAM- ArriTed Not 7— Stmr Staten
dam. from New Tork.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Energia.
from Hongkong 1 , for Tacoma.
SHANGHAI-Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Glenlochy.
tcr Tacoma.
QUEEXSTOWX-Salled Not 8— Stmr Ultonta.
from Liverpool for Boston. -
BOSTON— Sailed Nov ;— Stmr Devonian, for
Liverpool: etmr New Frurland, for Liverpool.
HONGKONG — Arri\-*d prior to Nov 7— Stmr
City of Rto Janeiro, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, Yokohama, Hlogo. Nagasaki and
Shanghai.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nov 7— Etmr New
York, from New York.
OF all th« British ships In port
the Speke has received the
quickest dispatch. Over 4500
tons of grain were put aboard
her in five days and the steve
dores consequently jubttant.
The Speke Is the largest "ship" afloat.
She Is three-masted and square-rigged on
the mlzzen, so In every sense she is "a
6hlp." The Ditton that was here last year
was 'classed as the largest ship afloat, but
she is just twelve tons less burden than
the Speke. Both vessels, belong to the
same firm. The Speke will take away
from here 4557 tons of wheat, one of the
largest wheat cargoes ever carried In a
single bottom.
Captain Stott Is well known In San
Francisco. He has been coming here for
years, and his brother Is the well-known
Jeweler. When last in England he became
a benedict and his son and heir was born
on Admission day, when the Speke was
within Pight of the Golden Gate. The lad
has been named John Alfred Speke Stott,
and while his mother asserts he Is a na
tive son, the father claims him for an
Knglishman. Anyhow he Is a bouncing
boy and a credit to the ship Speke. .
The Speke had a terrible time on her
Manauense in Trouble.
The steamer Manauense, which arrived
from Oyster Harbor yesterday morning,
was in trouble. She tied up at Folsom
street wharf, but the ebb tide and strong
wind carried her away. She drifted stern
on, against the bunkers and damaged
her starboard quarter, carrying away the
rail. A tug had to be called in order to
get the steamer back to her berth. The
Manauense will sail for Mexican ports on
the 1st prox.
1 ¦ — ¦ ? ¦ - ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 7.
Stmr Santa Roea, Alexander, $1\ hours from
San Dle^o, etc. i
Stmr Pomona,' Shea, 19 hears from Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. 11 hours from Bonem
Landing:.
Stmr tfamoa, Jacobs, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 43 hours from San
Pedro.
BJctn W H IMmond. Hansen, 27 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Monterey, Beck, TO hours from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, November 7.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Pug-et
Sound ports; Ooodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Curacao. Parsons, Guaymas; Goodali.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle; E T Kru*e
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanalmo; John
Roeenf eld's Sons.
Bark Chas B Kenney, Anderson, Melbourne;
J J Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, November 7.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson, San ¦Pedro.
! Stmr Eureka, Jeseen, Eureka.
Btmr Umatllla, Cousins. Victoria, etc.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma,
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
Stmr Despatch. Johnson. Portland, etc
Stnir Curacao. Parsons. Guaymas and j way
ports.
Nor stmr Tltania. Egene*. Xanalnuv
Bark Chas B Kenny, Anderson. Melbourne.
Ship Kenllworth, Taylor. Queenstown.
Schr Aloha, Fry, Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Nov «— Br ship Euphrosyne. from
San Francisco June 15, reports going aground
I Kov 6 during fog In Lune Deep. Damage un
known.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOEOS, Nor 7, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind RV.\ velocity S miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 6— Ship Luclle, hence
Oct 19; Btmr Dolphin, from Alaska.
Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Rainier, for Whatcom:
, stmr Kvarven, for Tacoma. Nov 7— Stmr Aber
deen, for Skacuey. ,
Arrived Aov 7— Stmr Elihu Thomson, from
Care Nome.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Homer, for
ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 7— Ger ship Nomla, for
Queenstown; Ger ship Philadelphia, for Capo
. NEAH BAY— Passed In Nov 7. at 9 a m—
Stmr John S'KiniHal!. from Nome. '
HONOLULU-Salled Oct 27-Stmr Leelanaw.
for Manila; Br stmr-WyefleM. for Manila.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Sequoia,
hence Nov 5.
UMPQUA— Sailed Nov 3— Schr Lucy, for San
Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE-Sailed Nov 7-Schr Ad
miral, for Sydney.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Finance,
from Colon. *
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Arrived Nov fr-Stmr Ban Mateo.
from Port Lob Angeles. ¦
Sailed Nov 6— Br Btmr Robert Adamson. for
San Francisco. -
SYDNEY-Sailed Nov 6-Br stmr Warrimoo,
for Vancouver.
HAMBURG— Arrived Nov «— Ger ship Pera,
from Port Blnkeley.
FLEETWOOD— Arrived Nov 6— Br shlD Eu
phrosyne. hence June 15.
DUBLIN— Arrived Nov 6— Br bark Gladys,
hence May IS.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived prior to Nov 6— Br
bark Battle Abby. from Port Gamble.
- VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived Nov. 7— Ger Btmr
Eva, from Portland. _ " _
SHANGHAI-Salled Nov 7— Br stmr Glen
lochy, for Tacoma.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Nov 5— Ger stmr Isls. for
Gloucester— Arrived nov s— Br ship in
dore. hence May SO. .. " _
YOKOHAMA— In port Oct 2<>-Ger chip Otto
GUdemetner. for Oregtm. v
BARRY— Sailed Oct 25— Br ship Drumcraig,
for Vancouver.
The excitement over the election did not
prevent the Harbor Commissioners from
holding a meeting yesterday. There was
little of importance done and while Pres
ident Kilburn beamed, Commissioners
Herold and Harney did not seem unduly
downcast. "Every dog has his day." said
Mr. Herold. "and next election we will
sweep the State and California will have
a Democratic Governor*" The board
passed some bills and ordered a few
changes, after which the members ad
journed to study the returns.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
Up All Right.
The German steamer Eva has arrived
at Vladivostok and the British ship Bat
tle Abbey reached Port Pirie yesterday.
The former vessel was given up as lost
and reinsurance could not be procured on
her, while the Battle Abbey was quoted at
15 per cent.
The Eva left Astoria October 7 for Vlad
ivostok, with supplies for the Russian
Government. The Battle Abbey was from
Puget Sound for Port Pirie with a cargo
of lumber. Both vessels made long runs.
Were Reported Lost, but Have Turned
EVA AND ABBEY SATE.
way here. When two days out from Syd
ney. N S. W., a heavy gale was run
into. Short canvas was ordered, but be
fore the order could be executed the miz
zen topsail was torn into rags. A big sea
came over the Etetn and the men at the
wheel were knocrf*d senseless and the
wheelhouse was wrecked. The auxiliary
wheel was used and the ship bore off be
fore the wind until sail was reduced and
everything was made snug. As it was,
the Speke maJe the trip to San Fran
cisco in sixty-eieht days, one of the runs
of the season, and Captain Stott expects
to beat vessels that have sailed a week
ahead of fclrn to Cork.
Speke Will Take Away Nearly Five Thousand Tons of
Wheat W.hen She Sails for a European. Port.
LARGEST SHIP AFLOAT IS
ONCE MORE READY TO SAIL
.YIIL
In-th" British Museum there is a copy
of Florio's translation of Montaigne, with
Shakespeare's autograph In It. If this
autograph Is genuine, and there Is some
reason to think that It Is, It Is the only
book that we may definitely associate
with his library- It is certain from Gon
zalo's description of an Ideal common
wealth In "The Tempest" that Shake
speare was acquainted with Montaigne, I
and it is probable that he saw Florio's
translation of the essays before It was
published. Brandos finds many passages
In the other plays that suggest Mon
taigne. There must have been something
in the brilliant Frenchman to attract one
who was, like himself, a profoundly hu
man soul— "a human being, natural,
many sided, full of ability, rich in contra
dictions."
This Is evidently one book that Shake
speare read; were there others? And how
many more? In 1743 J. Payne Collier pub
lished what he called "Shakespeare's Li
brary"—a collection of the romances and
novels, etc., that the dramatist used In
writing his plays. This list was found
Incomplete by later scholars, and so W.
C. Hazlltt brought out a new edition of
Collier's work in six. volumes, containing
all the sources of the plays. It would be
well for every student to have access to
this very important work, so that he may
make at lea$t one or two studies com
paring the respective plays and their
sources. This is the material, with which
we may work out the way in which
Shakespeare used the raw material and
evolved his plays. Through these sources
we get an idea of his way of working.
By far the most useful books were
"Hollnshed's Chronicles" and "North's
Translations of Plutarch's Lives," the
former published In 1577 and the latter In
1587. Both of them were interesting be
cause they supplied him with studies of
the most interesting men the world had
known, and also with incidents that
might be worked Into plots. From Holln
shed he got the material for about ten
plays, and from North all of his Roman
plays and "Tlmon of Athens." Next to
these books he relied mostly on "Gesta
Romanorum," collections of Italian
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
SHAKESPEARE'S USE OF BOOKS.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
From such a study will come a more In
telligent appreciation , of Shakespeare's
plays. One triumph of modern scholar
ship was the working out of a reasonably
sure chronology of the plays, so that by
the aid of Dowden'a "Shakespeare: Hia
Mind and Art" and Wendell's "Shakes-
Such study Is what one might call dra
matic education, for instance the tracinj
of "Macbeth" fr^m Hollnshed to an in
ferior dramatist ar:<l then to Shakespeare.
To be more specific, let him see that while
In the main he ha^ reproduced the story
of "Ro»alynde" he has added the immor
tal characters Jaques and Touchstone an<S
added to tne whole a Ifghtsomeness tha<
Lodge never dreamed of; let him se« <-h«r
marvelous effect produced in "King Lea?"'
by the fool; let him see the difference be
tween the language of Holin««hed and the
speeches of Lady Macbeth and her hus
band. In the play of "Coriolanus" we have
no longer the feud between patrician and
plebeian emphasized, but the heroic and
tragic figure of Marcius: while the drama
tist has changed the "Troublesome Ralgn*
of Kliig John"" from an onslaught on the
Catholics into a play in which living fig
ures move and the interest is one of lif«
and not of sect. And. finally, not to sug
gest all the kinds of changes that one may
look for. let the student see how Shakes
peare has changed a blood and thunder
tragedy such as - "Ham!et" was Into what
many consider the greatest of dramas.
If one would get the full value of the
general truth that we have Just suggested
he must take some play or several and see
how the dramatist worked over the ma
terial. He will ttnd that It is one of th*
best ways by which he may grow in his
ability to interpret a drama as . it
should be.
studies of "Hamlet" is that by Mr. John
Corbin. developing the point I have just
suggested.
But after all has b«?en sa!d at>cut
Shakespeare's indebtedness to ether men
it still remains that his playa are .his. "and
not another's. The changes h* made are
much more remarkable than the parallel
isms. The" shaping spirit of Imagination
took hoJd of what was crude ore and
made It into gold. He vitalized HoUnshed.
spiritualized Plutarch and "eternalized '
every story he made use of. He did for
them what Browning did for the book he
found on the bookstall in Florence one
day—fused his live soul and that inert
stuff; the life in him abolished the death
of things. He- mingled gold with gnld"3
alloy and the result Is an "added art
istry."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1900.
THE BRITISH SHIP SPEKE, THE LARGEST \T:SSEL, OF HER. CLASS AFLOAT. IX A GALE OFF THE AUS
TRALIAN COAST. CAPTAIN STOTT SAYS IT WAS ONE OF THE LIVELIEST EXPERIENCES OF HIS SEA
FARING LIFE.
7
C Time Time Time Time
P Ft. 1 Ft. 1 FL I Ft
o ]H W |L W| HTV| - |L W|
8 ... 0:49 4.7 6:18 2.8f 11:31 «.2 «:34[— 0.9
9 ... 1:44 4.6 bOT 3.1 12:15 5.9 7:24 —0-*
10 ... 1:41 4.6 7:00 3.2 1:OS 5.6 8:151—0.4
1 ... 3:3$ 4.5 8:06 3.3 2:00 . 5.2 9:09; 0.0
.3 ... 4:S2 4.7 9:30 3.3 3:C7 4.7 10:031 0.5
13... 5:K 4.9 11:00 3.5 4:22 4.21 10:551 1.0
14 ... 6:12 5.0 12:21 2.8| 5:41[ 4.OJ 11:45| 1.3
Steamer. | Destination. | ' Sails. | Pier.
Gr. Dollar.lGrays Harbor|Nov. I, 5 pra|Pl«r 2
Peru ; New York liVov. 0. 1" roiPMSS
Iaqua Humbolctt (Not. S _.[Pler •-
AMlance ... Portland Nov. 8, 9 amiPler 20
Santa Kosa San Diego Nov. S. 11 am [Pier 11
Geo. Elder. Portland Nov. 9, 11 azn|Pler U
Pomona ...IHumboldt Nov. 9, 2 pmlPler >
7«alanJla .(Honolulu...^.. Now 10. 2 pmlPler 7
Empire |Coos Bay Nov. 10, 4 pm|Pler 11
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 11. » ate Pier 3
Coos Bay.. Newport Nov. 11, 9 amtPter U
City Puebla|Vlctorla Nov. 12. 11 amlPler 9
Pt. Arena. .iPoint Arena. .tNov. II, 2 pmlPler 2
Etir»ka ....I Humboldt (Nov. 12.-; » am Pier 2
Coronado ..IGrays Harbor Nov. 12. 5 pm Pier 1J
H Maru...JChlna& Japan Nov. 13. 1 pm PMSS
Newburg ..IGrays Harbor Nov. 13. 5 pm Pier 12
W. KrugerlGrayn Harbor Nov. 14.
Columbia ..Portland Nov. 14. 11 am|Pl«r ti
Queer. .....|3an Ulego iNov. 14. 11 am|Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
City of Puebla. Victoria Nov. 8
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 8
Point Arena-... Point Arena Nov. 8
Crescent City.. Crescent City ....!Nov. 8
Warfleld Oyster Harbor JNov. 9
Empire Coos Bay -jN"ov. 9
Coos Bay Newport Nov. 9
City Panama.. Acapulco I Nov. 9
Mlneola Tacoma , |Nov. 9
Mackinaw Seattle INov. 10
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo Nov. 10
China China and Japan INov. lt»
Newburs ......|Orays Harbor [Nov. 10
Eureka Humboldt 'Nov. 10
Corona . San Diego Nov. n
lYls IHambUrg Nov. 11
Columbia IPortland ..Nov. 11
Pomona jKureka Nov. 12
W.-H. Kruger. {Grays Harbor Nov. 13
Prorreso Tacoma Nov. 12
Walla Walla... Victoria Nov. 15
Willamette Seattle ...(Nov. U
Benlta Newport Nov. 13
Rainier Seattle Nov. u
Del Norts Portland Nov. 14
Santa Rosa ....|3an Dlepo Nov. 15
Steamer. | Destination. | ' Sails. | Pier.
Gr. Dollar.lGrays Harbor|Nov. I, 5 pra|Pl«r 2
Peru ; New York liVov. 0. 1" roiPMSS
Iaqua Humbolctt (Not. S _.[Pler •-
AMlance ... Portland Nov. 8, 9 amiPler 20
Santa Kosa San Diego Nov. S. 11 am [Pier 11
Geo. Elder. Portland Nov. 9, 11 azn|Pler U
Pomona ...IHumboldt Nov. 9, 2 pmlPler >
7«alanJla .(Honolulu...^.. Now 10. 2 pmlPler 7
Empire |Coos Bay Nov. 10, 4 pm|Pler 11
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 11. » ate Pier 3
Coos Bay.. Newport Nov. 11, 9 amtPter U
City Puebla|Vlctorla Nov. 12. 11 amlPler 9
Pt. Arena. .iPoint Arena. .tNov. II, 2 pmlPler 2
Etir»ka ....I Humboldt (Nov. 12.-; » am Pier 2
Coronado ..IGrays Harbor Nov. 12. 5 pm Pier 1J
H Maru...JChlna& Japan Nov. 13. 1 pm PMSS
Newburg ..IGrays Harbor Nov. 13. 5 pm Pier 12
W. KrugerlGrayn Harbor Nov. 14.
Columbia ..Portland Nov. 14. 11 am|Pl«r ti
Queer. .....|3an Ulego iNov. 14. 11 am|Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
City of Puebla. Victoria Nov. 8
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 8
Point Arena-... Point Arena Nov. 8
Crescent City.. Crescent City ....!Nov. 8
Warfleld Oyster Harbor JNov. 9
Empire Coos Bay -jN"ov. 9
Coos Bay Newport Nov. 9
City Panama.. Acapulco I Nov. 9
Mlneola Tacoma , |Nov. 9
Mackinaw Seattle INov. 10
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo Nov. 10
China China and Japan INov. lt»
Newburs ......|Orays Harbor [Nov. 10
Eureka Humboldt 'Nov. 10
Corona . San Diego Nov. n
lYls IHambUrg Nov. 11
Columbia IPortland ..Nov. 11
Pomona jKureka Nov. 12
W.-H. Kruger. {Grays Harbor Nov. 13
Prorreso Tacoma Nov. 12
Walla Walla... Victoria Nov. 15
Willamette Seattle ...(Nov. U
Benlta Newport Nov. 13
Rainier Seattle Nov. u
Del Norts Portland Nov. 14
Santa Rosa ....|3an Dlepo Nov. 15
C Time Time Time Time
P Ft. 1 Ft. 1 FL I Ft
o ]H W |L W| HTV| - |L W|
8 ... 0:49 4.7 6:18 2.8f 11:31 «.2 «:34[— 0.9
9 ... 1:44 4.6 bOT 3.1 12:15 5.9 7:24 —0-*
10 ... 1:41 4.6 7:00 3.2 1:OS 5.6 8:151—0.4
1 ... 3:3$ 4.5 8:06 3.3 2:00 . 5.2 9:09; 0.0
.3 ... 4:S2 4.7 9:30 3.3 3:C7 4.7 10:031 0.5
13... 5:K 4.9 11:00 3.5 4:22 4.21 10:551 1.0
14 ... 6:12 5.0 12:21 2.8| 5:41[ 4.OJ 11:45| 1.3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
k It was In Bonny Scotland "J
Of which the poets sin;, '
The clansmen met, with native pride
To dance the Highland Fllnz.
And one had dropped exhausted
Before the plaided dan.
One still was fresh in wind and (lech '
And judged the better man.
And he continued dancing
Until they begged to know.
Whence came the vim. that dwelt In him
And he replied, "H-O."
And when they comprehended—
These ralnbowkilted lads—
Began to grow — upon H-O,
And worked It in their plalda-
At first the Scotch
were skeptical about H-O
because it lacked the bitter flavor
characteristic of ordinary oatmeal.
In H-O (Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmeal)
the bitter, Indigestible fibre
is entirely removed.
No stomach Is too weak to digest H«O,
no appetite too capricious to enjoy It. "
g ' ¦ || |j f
WELLMAN,PEGK&eO.
SOLE AGENTS
11X9. CABSIX BXIJJETTLLa.
¦weakness, may fill your future jf\r\
with healthy joy.
"When I began to take Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I wm
notable to do my housework. I Buf-
fered terribly at time of menstruation.
Several doctors told me they could do
nothing: for me. Thanks to Mrs. Pink-
ham's advice and medicine I am now
well. r.nd can do the work for eight in
the family.
*' I would recommend Lydia TL
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to all
mothers with large families."— ME3.
C-A-RIUe Belletiixe, Ludinjrton, Miob*
To .Mothers ofjarge Familtas.
In this workaday world few women
are so placed that physical exertion
is hot constantly demanded of them
in their daily liie.
Mrs. Pinkham makes a special appeal
to mothers of large families whose
work is never done, and many of
whom suffer, and suffer for lade of
intelligent aid.
To women, young or old, rich or
poor, Mrs. Pinkham, of Lynn, Mass.,
extends her invitation of free adviee.
Oh, women ! do not let your lives bo
sacrificed when a word from Mrs.
Pinkham, at the first approach of
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
i XEBENBAUM
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Steamer Sheridan, lea vine No-
vember 15. "'ill take jjoods free to
our Foldiers at Manila. We offer
many suggestive delicacies and holi-
day novelties to select from. No
j charge for boxinj? or drayinc
SPECIAffilDUCTIONS
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY.
Eggs, g£ 'SZ **" table ' 40c dozen
The first special Epg sale this eeason.
Cocktails. "Sunset," reg. SI 85c bot
Whiskey, Manhattan, Martini, Ver-
rnnuth. Oln. Thes<» cocktails were
awarded *fce gold medal at the Paris
i;x,rosition.
Macaroni, imported 121c pk;
Vermicelli— Sparhettl— letters ar.d num-
ters. Ret. 15c.
Fard Gates, imported * 10c lb '
Be«t quality. Reg. 15c.
Rice.rei.l4lbsSI.00 17 lbs $1.00
Finest head Island; large, whole kernels.
Sarderen, Brabant 30c tin
In 1-lb cans. Rer. 45c.
Society Tea 60c lb
A Men'l of Oolonp character, composed
; of the most fragTant teas. Reg. TSc lb.
Sample tkg. 10c.
Coke's Dandruff Cure, reg. 90c, 85c bot
Positively cures dandruff.
If r.ot we refund money.
Clothes Lines 35c each
1?O f«>et. Waterproof; will not shrink
nor kink. Res. 50c.
Wash Riiler Tin: extra heavy
WaSll OiiV.tl, <-rper bottom.
L'zth- D'rth. Width.
a in. 13 In. 10 In. res. J1.50...J1.I5
21 in. 13»s 1IH rejr. I1.75...U.S5
Wash Board 35c each
"Ncrth Star." Reversible, best In tlie
market. He^. SPc
New Arr.ials— j
Teltower Ruben. Green Kern, extra
large Smyrna Figs, Bonbons.
We pay freight within ioo miles.
! /* ' y^
j -a Natural Mineral Water?
? i^^. known f» r centuries end *
T J -?^;3 Imported q
•j AJufi& 0NLY IN BOTTLES. ?
n cinGB&kh. ?or Bisordcrsd Stcnach ?
' 2 if^^" '^ lts ?alue has b«en test!- O
! « n - A t0 fe y thousands. 4
f v VICKY So-called Vichy in Sy- ?
® !»!^lftr^ phons ?
I r|*^^S l S NOT VICHY, *
? Get the Genuine.. ?
S ferelllggl J°*r physiclin O
? cSijji7>.TS w ' :l recommend !t.
? A.TI3HIEa,Diitri»5aagAr«t j
RUPTURE CURED,
"When we eay "rupture cured" we mean It.
j fcr It Is a fact that during the past 20 jeafs
t-R. PIERCE-S MAGNETIC KLASTIC TItU33
has CVRED thousands of cases. Nothing else
l'ke It. Best retainer made. It doe* the work.
< Investigate for yourself. CTCall fcr "Book-
! let No. 1." or eend -1 cents In stamps. Ad-
I 'MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
020 Market Street, San Francisco,
Or 1145 Broadway, New York City.
Opera = - -
Glasses,
Lorgnettes,
AN ELEGANT SELECTION.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
0PTiCIAN5<, QT^APf APWRAT w.
rhoiuu 5ci£NTlflC
642 Market St. instruments
ur«oto chooh-cli Bunmur-. CaT«» Wi« Tp;£
AMTJSEMENTSL
OfrHEATRE *AV
EVERT NIGHT THIS "WEEK.
A Melodrama of the Highest Order.
LOST
PARADISE!
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— Lois of Fun. A. M. Palmer's
"HIS ABSENT BOY"
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT I
ALL STAR AMATEUR SHOW
AND
LADIES' PRIZE FLOUR DUCKING
CONTEST,
Telephone for Seats, Park 2J.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CD.'S HALL.
Direction S. H. Frledlander & Co.
TO-DAY ' AT 3:15 P. M.
SECOND RECITAL hj the Wonderful
CHILD PIANIST,
LITTLE ENID BRANDT,
In an Entirely New Prcirramine, Including
OriRina.1 Compositions and Musical Telegraphy.
Prices $1. Tic and 60c. Sents on Sale at
Sherman, Clay & Co/» Music Store.
Lest Recital Saturday Afternoon. November 10.
CICrHPD'Q CONCERT HOUSc.
Pio Facd, Sylvia Puerart. Cesare Allesan-
dronl, Antonio Vargas, Adelbert and Adelaide
Frank. Frank and Cella Merrts and Claire Fex.
Reserved Seats. SSc; M&tinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
grahFopera season i
MAURIC6 GRAU OPERA CO.
Eeainnttir MONDAT EVEXINO. N'ov. 12th.
Morosco's Grand Opera House.
MCXDAT KVKXIXG. November 12th. at S
o'clock. <V>uno<J's Opera.
•TtOXTEO ET JUUETTE." (In French.)
Mrces. Melha, Bridewell. Rauercieister; MM.
Ed. de Reszke, Plancon. Bars. Fires,
Gillibert, Dufriohe. Maseiro and
SsJera.
Confiuctrr Sig. MandnellL
TUESDAY EVENING. November 13th. at S
<i"rlock. Wgsr.er'B Op*>ra,
"TANNHAUSEIl." (In German.)
l!ir.»«. Oani^kl. Oi'.trka ar.d Fusan Strong; MM.
Via Dyck. BIsff. Bar*. Muhlmann.
Ilubenset, ViviaT-.t ar.r! Bertram.
Confluctcr Mr. Walter Damroscn.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. November Utb, at S
o'c'.ock. Verdi'* Opera.
"AIDA." <Ia Italian.)
ilre*s. Kcrfya, Bauermeister ar.a Lculse
Hoir.fr: MM. Scott!. Plancon. Journet,
Mase'.ro ar.4 hnbart <!e la Tour.
Cr rductor Si jr. MancSneliL
THURSDAY EVENING. November loth, at 8
o'clock. OnunoiSs Opera..
TACST." «In Frwich.)
Melfca. Bauermeist-r, Olltzka; MM.
Paleza. Campanari. Dufrich" and Planeen.
'onductcr BIc Mancinelli.
rfUDAY EVENIN'-.. Kovesnfccr 16th, at S
n'c'.nrk. WBfrr.er'* Opera.
' T>EIt FUEGENPE HOLLANDER." The
F!y!r.ic Putchrr.an. (In German.)
Mtaee. -ftadEki ar.d Olitzk-a: Mil. Dippel. B'.a.«s.
Ears and Bertram.
Cor.-S^rtnr Mr. Walter Parari-sch.
FATVF.DAT AFTERNOON. November 17th. at
2 o'clock. I"»on!*ettr» Opera,
•LUCIA PI LAMMERMOOIL" (In Italian.)
JIs:e«. Melba. Bauerrr.eirter: MM. Sootti. Baxs,
Jourr.et, Miseiro and CremoTitni.
Coniurtrr Sis. ManeJnelB.
SATURDAY EVENING. November ITth. at 8
o'c'.ock. Warner 1 * Opera,
•IX5HENGRIN." (In German )
Mn;e?. Ncrfiiea, and Schumann-Heir.k: MM.
Van I>yck. Bertram. Muhlmann and
r<!. «le Reszke.
Or.2uc«r Mr. Walter Dan-.rosch.
Ooofi Eeatf fcr Ail of Above Perfonsascei ca
Sale at B--x Office.
PRICES — Orchestra, tad Dre5«> C.rcle. TT:
T^ack Rows of Orchestra. t5; Family Circle.
tS; Gallerr. tS: ail reserved. B.^x"i«. J40 to 160.
TVEBEK PIANOS USED.
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT
Also Friday. Saturday «ni Sunday Nights,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
STUART ROBSON
Asfl His Eicellest Scrpcrtiac Company In
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER."
C.'.T^r GctJsrr-.lth's Isiia'»rtal Comedy.
FTTART ROBSON. ...a«... .TONY LUMPKIN. ,
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
FRANK DANIELS i
Ar.d H'.s Er.tlre New Trrk Company !n
Victor Herbert's t<atest Ccinlc
"THE AMEcFt."
SEATS NOW READY.
GRAND QPr^A HOUSE
Matir.e«s Sarurday ar.d Pyr.day.
LAST FOUR rciGHTS.
THE FP &W IW¥ COM *
I ONI/T THIS WEEK.
Flret Pro£uctica ca Ary Stare cf Sydney Ro-
Etsfe'.fl'a Farcical Romance of South
Dakota.
A DIVORCE COLONY.
TTveninr Pncet 10c. 15c. SSc. We
A Few Frcnt Raws la Orchestra TSc
Mztlr.e« Price* l>c 15c, Re. BOe— No hlgfcer
Brar.ca Ticket Office Eicpcrlum.
GREATEST VATTPEVILLE SHOW ON
EARTH.
THE DUTTHAmTfAMILY, JESSIE
COUTHOin. MAGGIE MOORE,
XOBA BOYES. DOLAN A1TD
T-nvrFTATTR. FRELLE'S TALKING
DOGS, HOWABD AND BLAND.
*\YmLD ard HAPTTNCP. JOHNSON. RIANO
and FF.XTLET.
Rp?*rv«<! P»ats IV: RaJcony IV: Opera Chairs
ar.d Bf-x Feats S^C.
Matlr.ee* TTeir.esday. Saturday and Sunday.
PHENOMENAL
j* *Y* Pufireits Bi^nr P'-ne at FriFo'f Favorite
Th*-«TT Witl! the Funniest F»a.y In Years.
"WHOSE BABY 4 RE YOU?"
THT= WEETC ONLT! MATINEE PAfTTRDAY!
NEXT FTTNPAY AFTHRNOON
Th» Musical Novelty rf the P^as-wi!
The I'e»r of AU the World'* Bands
The Royal Marine Band of Italy
55-MrSICIANS-ALL ARTIST&-55
*T1 VOLS*
FRIDAY* ANI> SATTRDAT NIGHTS.
"TROVATORE."
Positively Fir.U Performance* cf
"CARMEN."
TO-NIIHT. EunSay Niehts. Saturday Matinee.
•STTXT WEEK-LAST PERFOMAXCES of
•the Gran4 Opera Season.
"BALLO IN MASCHERA,"
"ERNANI" and "MIGNON."
With COLJLAMARINI a* MIGNON.
ALf'eLLINGHOUSE. Frcprietor and Mfr.
Phone South 770.
XCeT REALIZE, the Last Week of the
B I G SHOW !
KING OF THE OPIUM RING
EVERYTHING NEW
Krw Eorpi. Danew. J£«««. KatinM Saterdty.
- Farewell Performance Saturday Night!
Next Sunday A fternoon-Tfc« Popular Cooe-
«5fan. FRANK TANNF.RHILL JR. and His
O*ti Companr. IMrect From the Fourt«~»nth-
*tre*t Th»»ter. New Tork City, Preeentlnr
U»r Great Eastern Success,
"A YOUNG WIFE!"
POPULAR PRICES
EVENING ISe. SSc. SSc. 50c and T5c
If A TIN En ISc. 2Sc. <£c and 50;
RACING! RACING! RACING!
j«oo— WINTER MEETING— 1M1.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NOV. ID TO NOV. ITTH, INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.'
Racing Mcnfia)-. Tut*&ay, Wednesday; Thure-
£ay. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shins.
Five or more race* each day.
Ka.ces start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ean Francltco at 12 m. and
:2:S6, J. 1:2C, I. 2^0 and a p. m.. connecting
¦uStb train* stepping at the entrance to the
track. Lart two tan on train reserved for
Iadie« and their wcrta; no frr.okir.K- Bay your
rtrry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
fakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
fiectrtc ear» at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Alto ail trains via Alameda mole con-
r.ect «rttn San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth ,
m-z-A Broadway. Oakland. Th«e electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:iS and
4;ii p m. and Immediately after the last race,
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. rreaideot. .
B. B. illLROY. Secretary.NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— No such exciting de-
Triun'i for etocks has been witnessed on the
N»"rr York Stork Exchar.se 5ir.ee the boom day*
of the flotation of tho B«-curlties of the new ln
<Jurtrial combinations In the spring of 1?93 as
to-£a> k«";>t all donartnirnts or the stock ex
change at fever heat of animation and activ
ity. It Is rarely In the Ej>eculatlve world that
a r>rt-conceived p!an of operations which has
b»^n widely dls:cuys«*d in public rexulte so xuc
cf?«fu'.!y as the taking on of long stock by
profeFKionol operators for some time past in
anticipation of the lar^e demand to follow
tlie <U-ction. The effort to discount thf rmult
Is almost certain to overdo its,!f and thr flood
of felling to realize often carries prices dotin
on the r*tT culmination of a favorable event.
But the rufih to-day to buy stock was so ovpt-
Tvhrlrr.ing as to abwirb all th<? vory large sell
inr. vlth no great effect on prices. I:t the
oj^r.lng <lfa!!r.g» thrre <hant«i hands lr.etan
tamo-jfly tvi'.h the s<vjn<".lr.c of th* gor.g no
lr^s than ]5,flO3 chares of Union Pacific, S003
tt.rrrs of Atchlson. COCO shares of Southern Pa
cific and of American Kt(^l and Wire, and
r.rvrra'1 tho-jsand t-haros rarh of a number of
other im;>ortBnT stocks. Tills was as nf*r as
cou'd *>c afc-rtalned l)y tl'.e usual method of
record*. The saine Ktocks fold at the samo
timn l',» points ar-*rt. and it was believed that
the r*oor<l of a lanjo number of trensarttons
wu 1<-.^t in the feverish exrritem^nt of
the trading. Many commission houses reported
that they \vor». »«> oxcrwholmrd with t>uying
ordrra as to lie oM'.cod to d<*rllne to undertake
ih« r-x»"outlnn of many that were ofOred to
ih»-m. Purlng ih# *srly part or the day small
In the trading. It nu a noticeable fact that
latT Jn the day when prices were at Uie hlch
l*vel tho rmall orders, including whole string*
of odd lots, b^can to make their appearance on
th« tnp^. A v»rj' large business In American*
had t^«*n <5on* on the London market beforo
the ptork market oprned In New York. Com
miKslon houws kept thHr offices open all night
and took or<!rr» whl^h Wtn executed In London
an «-arly ae 3 o'clock New York time. Foreign
arbHraif tirok«fn in Now York estimated that
es a r«^-ult of the New .York buying In Lon
don ani the London selling in New York, no
Ipfs then Ij^.OOO shares of various stocks
r-hanp«~1 han<!s from foreign to American own
era. But the operations by cable were largely
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nczcf York Stock Market.
Receipts of Beans were 24,483- sacks, making
Beans and Seeds.
Prices for Hay and Feedstuff s remain as
before. The demand j for everything is rather
lishter at the moment.
BRAN— J14© 15 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J16 60019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15 60(316 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill; J25@26; job
bing. J26 60; Cocoanut Cake. J17018: Corn Meal,
J2G<S27: Cracked Corn. J2C 50®27 50; Mixed Feed.
J15(^16.
HAY — Volunteer, $3(SS: Wheat. $11013 50;
Wheat and Oat. . . $10®12 50: Oat, $9@11 60:
Clover, J5@7: Alfalfa, $6 50<&S 50; Barley. J7@
9 per ton.
STRAW— 35@45c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 60®
J 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40Q'3 60- %
Oregon and Washington, |2-^5'g!3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
J4 75@5 75 per bbl.
M1LL.STUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lcws, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 60: Rtce Flour, $7; Corn Meal, J2 75;
extra cream do. J3 50; Oat Groats. -J4 60: Hom
iny. J3 6Ofl-3 73; Buckwheat Flour. J4(£4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3D0; Farina, J4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6®
7 25; in sacks, $5 75^7; Pearl Barley. J5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, J5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. .
Second Session— No sales. :
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 1000 ctls, 73}4c;
2000, 73HC.
OATS— While offerings were not bringing the
extreme top quotations which have lately
ruled, dealers reported a continuation of the
steady feeling, with a good demand for seeding.
White. Jl 80@l 47V4; Surprise. Jl 45®1 65; Red.
Jl 1D@>1 25 for feed and Jl 23® 1 37 ?j for seed;
Gray, Jl 25@1 SS; Black, for Iced, Jl 12&@1 20;
for seed, $1 20@l 30 per ctl. '
CORN— Eastern Yellow. $1 2214; White, $1 22i4;
Kastern Mixed, Jl 20@l 22^i per ctl.
RYE— 87VJ@90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Quoted at Jl 7502 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Eecond Session — December — 12,000 ctls, $1 00%.
May— 2C0O ctls, $1 07H.
Regular Morning Session— December— 8000 ctls,
$1; 2000, 99%c; 30.000. 99Vfcc. May— 2000, $1 06V 4 ;
6000, $106%: 4000. $1 06 >4: 8000. $1 06ft: 2000,
Jl C6H: 14.000, $1 06U.
Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls, 99Ue;
6000, 99Hc. May— 18,000, Jl 06Vi.
BARLEY— The market continues firmly held,
but quiet.
Feed. 77Hc for choice bright. 72%@75c for No.
1 and 65S?70c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 80@S5c: Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Paris and Liverpool were higher,
but Chicago and New York were lower. Chi
cago .opened firmer on better foreign advices,
and there was some commission buying, but
later on the market weakened off. with Chicago
and St. Louis selling freely. The pressure to
Bell was confined to short wheat as a rule.
The Argentine situation continued Important.
Snow cabled heavy storms In the Santa Fe
listrlct, and all authorities reduced the total
crcp.
This market was dull and showed no change
worthy of note on the spot, but futures de
clined.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 98«ic; Milling, Jl@
1 02% per ctL
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — %i 81V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83%,
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, right — 6
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7VJ
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63?4
Mexican Dollars, nominal t>0>i @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
I NEW YORK. Nov. 7. -The market for metals
ruled inactive and without change in prices.
Piglron warrants were quiet at 38 75@9 25; lake
copper, quiet at ilS 75@17; tin was lnactlva at
$2S; lead, dull at (4 87%, and spelter, dull at
$4 1O@4 15. The brokers' price for lead was
U and for copper $10 75@16 774.
Nezv York Metal Market.
JJKltJJ JT11UITS.
NEW TORK. Nov. 7. — The market for evapo
rated apples continues quiet but steady at un
changed prices. State Common was quoted at
4{i6c; Prime, 4»i!g5Vic; Choice, 5V>@6c; Fancy,
6ptHc.
California dried fruits were Inactive.
Prunes were quoted from 3>£c to 8%c per lb,
as to size and quality.
Apricots— Royal. Iljfl4c; Moorpark, 15@16c.
Peaches— Peeled, 16© 20c; Unpeeled, 6@9c.
I BUTTER— Receipts, 11,592 packages; firm.
I Cieamery. 16ft21c; June Creamer}-, ISsillc;
Factory. ISIjIoVsC.
EGGS— Receipts, 1O.C36 packages. Strong.
Western, regular packing at mark, 17821c;
Western, loss off. 23c.
COFFEE— Spot RJo quiet: No. 7 invoice, SHo:
mild dull. Cordova, '^iQ'^ic Futures closed
cjulet with prices 5 to 10 points net lower.
Total sales 10.C00 bags, including: November,
V 15; December, V 2C-S7 25; March,- J7 35; May,
V 45; June, $7 50; July. J7 53; September, $7 65.
SrGAR-Raw easy; Fair Refining, STjc; Cen
trifugal, &6 test, 4Hc: Molasses Sugar, S%c.
Refined easy; No. 6. $5 05; No. 7. $4 S5: No. 8,
Jl £5; No. 9. (4 75; No. 10, t* 70; No. 11. ?» 70;
No. 12. »4 60; No. 18, |4 60; No. 14, {4 55; Stan
dard A. J5 40; Confectioners' A, $5 40; Mold A,
$'• S3; Cut Loaf. $6; Crushed, J6: Powdered.
Jo 70: Granulated, $5 60; Cubes, $3 70.
WOOL— Dull
WHEAT— Receipts. 261,500 bushels: exports,
Cr,203; sales. 3.S73.0O0 futures, 200.000 spoL Spot
easy; No. 2 Red. 79V4c f.o.b. afloat; No. 2 Red.
""He. elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth S4%c
J.o.b. afloat; No. 1 Hard Duluth, SSVic, f.o.b.
afloat. Options opened firmer on cables and
were strengthened for a time by continental
buying, strong late cables and bullish Argentine
news, but finally broke under heavy pressure
of long wheat and closed weak at H®Hc net
decline. Sales included: No. 2 Red— March,
SlU^W 7-16c. closed 82Uc: May, $1 15-16(gS3c;
cicsed S2c: November, closed 77^c; December
75%(a79Hc. closed 78&c.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Steady.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
85,000 bbls; exports, 2S.80S; sales. 7470. Market
dull, but steadily held.
A T ezv York Grain and Produce.
The followir.g: are the seasonal rainfalls to
date es compared with those of the same date
last sc-accn, and rainfalls in last 14 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. season. season.
Eureka 1.14 8.25 6.S6
Hed Bluff 10 3.71 3.23
Facramento 08 1.76 4.66
San Francisco 17 2.12 4.20
Fresno Trace .46 2.01
Independence .00 .S2 .37
Fan Luis Obippo Trace 1.S9 4.^0
I*j? Ar.jreles 00 .11 1.69
tan Diego 00 .28 .42
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
f.f 1 : minimum. 49: mean. 54.
weatheu coxnrnoxs and general
FORECAST.
Ra!n has fallen generally over California
r.orth of Port Harford and Tulare Lake: 1:14
inches of rainfall is reported at Eureka In the
last 2i hours. Rain is also falling generally
through Nevada, Thunderstorms are reported
at several points In Central California.
The pressure has risen sharply during the
fast 1! hours along the coast cf California and
has fallen from the mouth of the Columbia
liiver northward. ,
The temperature has fallen from 6 to 10 de-
Frees in the and San Joaquln val
leys. It has fallen about 16 degrees over North
ern ?->vada.
Foreccst ir.a<5e at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight November S. liKK):
rCortfiorn California — CInudy. unsettled
weather Thursday, with conditions favorable
frr ehower*; light southerly, changing to west
erly, w'.r.rts.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; light
xvefterlv winds.
.NVvaia — Showers Thursday.
I'tah— Rain Thursday: cooler.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
fan Francisco and vicinity — Unsettled
weather Thursday, with conditions favorable
for c-ccasional light showers; southerly, chang
ir.~ to westerly, winds.
ALEXANDER O McADIE.
Forecast OfQclal.
<12*Hh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRAXCISCO. Nov. 7. 5 p. m
Weather Report.
"Demand for nuts is a little more active In
a fobUns way. Mere inquiry is noted for wal
nuts. Filberts are !£c higher, the market bi
ing firm at U'»c. Stocks are comparatively
l!«ht."
"Some little improvement was noted yester
day in the ccr.sumptive demand for dried
trait* and nuts, but trafle is Ftill far from
what it ought to be at this time of the year.
The colder weather was very acceptable to the
trade, but it will be several days before it will
have ar.y wry appreciable effect. Currants are
In quite good demand. Some trade Is reported
la a very poor grade of Provincials as low as
19%,c. Sal.-'S In n small Jobbing way also are
rep<->rte<l cf Amalias at from 12^^ji;\c. Dates
continue to go out quite freely at full price*.
The market for California raisins is slightly
firmer, due to the withdrawal, lt is understood,
of eome very lew rfferincs. Demand for raisins
cf all sorts, however, is light, except for seed
ed, which are going out quite well. Prunes
ere quiet on spot and to arrive, though some
busires-fi is beinc done at the cut pTi ce s. There
1* a litil* ;oi>h!ng trade en spot, also at ass>o
clatiiii quctttior.s. Some trade Is rioted In new
California vr.peeled peaches at 9c. Prime ap
ples on rp'jt ere quiet. There is more demand
for wri*Te, v hich is strong and higher.
Mall advices from Netc York ?ay
Dried Fruit in New York.
"< 'rar. res have colored rapidly in a!l -sections
durir.e the week, and picking and shipping are
in r-rnerefs; a large crop is being gathered.
Th<» winter crop of lemons is progressing favor-
B\}y. A Knod crop of olives ls= lining gatliered.
V>'a!nui jirklnR is nearly completed, tluavas
and late strawlerrles are In market. Large
shipments of raisins are being made."
Juried Iri;it in New York
"Cor.si<i»rab!e work has Iwn done in plowing
and prair. Fov.ing. especiallv in the central
«nd nothorn rortior.*. where the rainfall hi'
t*een FufScient for present purj^tisef. The soil
!f still dry in the southern purtion. but souk?
work is t,eing din". Reports from nearly all
rraln districts fhow that the contemplated
acreage cf wheat, barley «r.d oats will be con
siderably more than the average, r^arly sown
prain continues thrifty and was preatly bene
fited by recent rains. Pasturage Is abundant
in most places. Alfalfa is making pood
growth. I'umping for iiriR-ation water has
been resumed in the southern portion of the
ptate. ov.iriK to the continuance of the warm,
dry weather. RaJn would be very beneficial
In that section, as well as In the San Joaquln
Valley.
"The temperature has beta above normal In
most sections durlr.g the v.-erk, but the nlsh's
have been cool, and frofts have occurred In
r..any localities, generally too light to cau5e
damaip except to tender vegetation. Light
rain has fa!>n In the Facramento Valley, in
portions of the coast anJ bay hecticr.s and in
the northern part of the San Joacjuin Valley:
it was quite beneficial to early sown grain an!
pasturace, ir.d in pome Factions v. ..> sufficient
to fnften the sell for cultivation.
The report of A. G. MeAdle. section director
if the climate and crop service cf the Weather
Sureaa. for the week Is a? follows:
Climate and Crop Report.
CHICAGO. Nov. 7.— Wheat started with the
boom on an advance of Id at Liverpool since
Monday and on the result of yesterday's bal
loting December opened %(ff%c higher at 74%
to 74V4. It took but a few moments for the
bubble of activity to burst. That there was
a very small chort interest became evident ear
ly, as opening buyers were few. Late in the
day there was some news bullish in character,
but It failed to check the decline materially.
Around 74c December steadied for awhile on
unfavorable Argentine advices, but Bradstreefs
Increase in the world's visible of 1,200.000 bush
els caused renewed weakness and December
under the liquidation and lack of support which
hao depressed the market all along, dropped to
73>i l 5734»c and closed %<jr-%c under Monday
at 73»ic.
Corn was quiet and comparatively steady.
December closed tt@V4c under Monday at 35%c
There was only a small professional business
In oats. December closed V*<8>V<c lower at 27 7 ,ic
Provisions opened higher on a lleht run of
hogs, higher prices at the yards and In sym
pathy with wheat. Tone, however, showed
no particular firmness and on liberal offerings
of lard and ribs the price yielded readily
January pork closed 5c under Monday lard
2'a<3Sc lower and ribs closed 6c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
%\heat No. 2—
November , 73% 73% 724 724
December 74»i 74% 73% 73%
™* " V ™ "*
November 38% 2S% 3S% 3S%
December 86 J6 35$ 35%
M Oats-No"2- 86 * 3G * 3C * **
.::::::::: gg g; f$ J}«
May 24 24H 23% 23%
Mess Pork, Per bbl- * *
November 10 75
January 1125 1180 11174 U 20
Lard, r>er 100 lbs—
November ,7 00 7 00 6 974 7 00
I>cember 6 80 6 S24 6 75 6 80
January 6 7J4 6 75 6 65 6 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
November .A. .... 635
January 6 00 6 00 6*93 6 95
Cash quotations were as follows! Flour dull
and unchanged: No. 3 spring wheat 67fi73c-
No. 2 red, liWmUfii No. 2 corn. 39%c: No 2
yellcw, 3S%c;'No. 2 oats. 22V 4 ®23c: No. 2 white
26%«27Hc: No. 3 white. 23% «f264c; fal? to
choice malting. 67@C8c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 76-
No. 1 Northwestern, $178; prime timothy seed
$4 20@4 30; mess pork, per barrel. $11 26: lard'
per 100 lbs, $7 03*87 074: short ribs sides (loose)
$6 50Q8 75; dry raited shoulders (boxed), 6S6V1C
short clear sides (boxed). IS 60@« 70; whisky'
basis ot high wines. Jl 27; clover, contract
grade, J10.
Articles— I . Receipts/Shipments.
Flour, barrels 65.000 30.000
Wheat, bushels 339.000 37OOO»
Corn, bushels 3B8,00O , 978,000
pate, bushels 835,000 3S0.0OO
Hye. bushels 8.000 3,000
Barley, bushels ......238.000 48.000
On tho Produce Exchange to-day the butter
confined to professional operators. The events
of the day In the New York market proved that
the great mass of outside speculation which
is attracted by a national political event wait
ed to place their orders in the New York mar
ket. The professional operators who have been
taking on stocks for several weeks past threw
over thflr holdings on an enormous scale to
take advantage of the outside demand. The
buying continued with such animation and
speculative sentiment became so buoyant that
buying for the long account was renewed on
a very large scale by both professional and
outside speculators. The sudden relapse In 1
th« money market bad much to do with the re
newed outburst of speculation. As against the ;
25 per cent rate on Monday, the first loan to- I
day was made at 5 r*r cent, which was the |
highest of the day. In the late dealings the j
rate fell to 1 per cent. The extreme advance 1
in Northern Pacific was 3T*. A number of in- 1
dustrlals reacted between 1 and 2 points, but
in the railroads the last prices were only a
frartlon below the best and the market was In 1
progress of recovery and closed firm. :
The bond market was quite as active com
parntlvely as the stock market, and was also
very broad, although the mortgages with
speculative value were the most prominent.
Several of thoye rose from 1 to 1% per cent. To
tal pales, par value. $r>.2."i3,000.
United States refunding 2s. old 4s and 5s ad
vanced \». and new 4s *j per cent on the last
call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shaies Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
7O.e. r .O Atchison 35
61.150 Atchi«on prefd 77V,
m.SlO Baltimore & Ohio 77'. s j
150 Canadian Pacific S7^
2.000 Canada Southern ." E5
lO.RSrt ChcFapeake & Ohio 31S
1.400 Chicago Great Western 12"i
2S.O"-0 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 121Vt
COO Chicago Ind & St Louis 22 V» j
SrO Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 55
Chicago & Kastern Illinois 95
40» Chicago & Northern 16J»i
11.2* Chicago Rock Island & Pacific lll'.j
1.5*0 C C t: & St Louis 63»^
I.?.* Colorado Southern 6
4,!£0 Colorado Southern lst prefd 40Vj
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16^j
1.400 Delaware & Hudson 114
1.000 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 178
1.059 l>en\er & Rio Grande 20V
2,;:o Denver & Kio Grande prefd 'l\
400 Erie 13
2,6oO Erie lst prefd 36%
2.242 Great Northern i>refd 167
300 Hocking Coal IS
1.2vO Hocking Valley SSH
4.2D0 Illinois Central 121V»
300 Iowa Central li>\
300 Iowa Central prefd '. 434
410 Lake Erie & Western 37
Lake Erie & Western prefd 106
Lake Shore 21C>*
20.130 Louisville & Nashville 7S^ a
43.660 Manhattan Elevated lOHj,
IZ.iifO Metropolitan Street Railway 163^
1,200 Mexican Central 13'/j
1.900 Minneapolis & St Louis 61
S-09 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 99
2.K9 Mlseourl Pacific 5SV
Mobile & Ohio 41
1.000 Missouri Kansas & Texas 11'
12.270 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 31V*
1.470 New Jersey Central 136
.21.130 New York Central 136%
15,2:0 Norfolk & Western .; S9U
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 7S
l£3.560 Northern Pacific 61*i
15.110 Northern Pacific prefd 75?*
15,430 Ontario & Western 23H
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
13.245 Pennsylvania 13SH
3.300 Reading 1SH
1S.4.0 Reading lst prefd 60
2.C0O Reading 2d prefd 29Vi
Rio Grande Western 50
Rio Grande Western prefd 86
3.J0O St Louis & San Fran 13
St Louis & San Fran lst prefd 6S
3.GOQ St Louis & San Frand 2d prefd 3SV*
4.01* St Louis Southwestern 14 1 *
12, €50 St Louis South western prefd 3o", t
I 2LSM St Paul 119't,
100 St Paul prefd 172V 2
300 St Paul & Omaha 115
76.2C0 Southern Pacific 4OV4
1J.900 Southern Railway 13^
1S.760 Southern Railway prefd E?Vj
3.S00 Texas & Pacific lb%
7",.K0 Union Pacific .. 64*»
17,328 Union Pacific prefd 77%
3"0 Waba*h 7*.
4,CfcO Wabash prefd 20^
3.WM Wheeling &. Lake Erie iov»
3,'TO Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 26>,
323 Wisconsin Central 13 s *
K» Third Avenue 113
Kxpress Companies—
Adams v ..133
American 155
United States 50
Wells Fargo ISO
Miscellaneous —
2,100 American Cotton Oil 36H
American Cotton Oil prefd 92
American Malting 5> 2
630 American Malting rrefd 25Vs
7,035 American Smelting &. Refining 44^4
3.130 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 92>»
American Spirits " 2
American Spirits prefd 17
19,159 American Steel Hoop 26Vi
1,215 American Steel Hoop prefd 77
48.250 American fitecl & Wire 39%
9.070 American Steel &. Wire prefd 69Vi
6.144 American Tin Plate 3C'»
375 American Tin Plate prefd 85%
21.615 American Tobacco ...102
American Tobacco prefd 130
7.830 Anaconda Mining Co 4SH
C9.C70 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 63%
16.960 Colorado Fuel & Iron 44
30.912 Continental Tobacco 31%
6,630 Continental Tobacco prefd ;.... 84
45.130 Federal Steel 44Ti
11.S50 Federal Steel prefd 72H
LC5» General Electric 144V4
l.r>00 Glucose Sugar S3V4
100 Glucose Sugar prefd lOl 1 *
6.700 International Paper 22V
1,450 International Paper prefd CS%
LaxMede Gas : 68
L200 National Biscuit 37%
300 National Biscuit prefd 91
1,230 National Lead 21Vi
National Lead prefd 93
21,775 National Steel 33V4
5.100 National Steel prefd 91
l.(KV) New York Air Brake 129
1,000 North American 16%
1.500 Pacific Coast 65
Pacific Coast lst prefd 85
100 Pacific Coaft prefd 68
I 7.K,fl Pacific Mall 45
I 22.«T) People's Gas 96Si
IS.ftOO Pressed pteel Car Cl\
LCM Prew»d Steel Car prefd 83
> 430 Pullman Palace Car 190
! W Standard Uopo & Twine R
R2.ST0 Sugar 12fi»i
Sugir prefd n«
14.1P0 Tennessee Coal & Iron 100%
15.C51 United- States Leather 12^i
3.4C1 United States Leather prefd 73«
C.VW United State* Rubber ...\ 43
r.20 United States Rubber prefd BS
S32 Western Union 81%
R.22T. Republic Iron & Steel 15V
3.965 RepuMIe Iron & Steel prefd 60
P C C & St Louis 52^4
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s. rej;....!04\ jx Y Cen lsts 105%
I*> coup 104»i!N J Con gen 5s... |S2
Do 3s. reg 1094 JC Pacific 3s 671!
Do 3v coup 110V41 Do 4s lnsv
Do new 4s. reg..l3i KTC*St L 4" 9 V.lf«
Do new 4b. coup.. 135 Norf & Wn con 4s. SS
Do oM 4s. reg....ll5Vi Oregon Nav 1st*. 109
Do old 4k, coup.. 113^ Do 4g 103s/
Do ts. reg 113 Ore S L 6s... v>r
Do 5s, coup 113 Dp con 5s . "-m
DIs of Col 3.65s... 124H Reading Gen iai'.'.l M
Atchlson gen 4s 101 1 Rio O W lsts ' 09
Do adj 4s 84«4;St L & I M conSs'.ilim
Canada Fn 2nds....lO7 J St L A S F ren 6s l?i
Ches & Ohio. 4V4S..10OU St Paul conf .. "2
_!>> 5s i llSV4 f St P C & P lsts...;il8H
C & Kw con 7S....137V4 Do Cs iis*
Do S F Deb 5s..ll7Vi Sn Pacific 4s..".:".".". glii
Chicago Ter 4s.... n Sn Railway 5s H0%
Colo 6n 4s 82 stand R & T 6s.... 634
D & R G 4s 99 Tex & Pacific lsU.mu
Erie General 4*.... 72Vi' Do 2ds ............ 90*
¦ : .
W pm N I E ! DAT - Nov - 7 ~< »• m.
Alpha f ld 02 M Justice .. Bld 0 , AS ii-
A "» 02 03 Kentuck ;::"• $ 2j
SK::^ life--- 2 5
puVi^on" 1 :: 2 «!il l^ u »»" •• I 1
Crown Point ... 11 U;Standard S K
S i!^r.. c -.::::: J JS
Julla • « « Yellow Jacket.! 25 2«
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 23 400 Ophir •*
200 Caledonia 61 200 Oph lr "I Sf
lot) Caledonia 49 200 Ophir fi
200 dm Cal & Va..l 03 200 Overman li
300 Crown Point... 12 500 Scor™o n S
200 Gould & Curry 82 300 Utah SJ
200 Mexican .* 29 1 sop y^IqVj ickrt" K
200 Belcher 14 300 Mexican *••
600 Best & Belcher 35 200 Ophir «
100 Caledonia 36 300 Ophir "" S
100 Caledonia ...... 51 400 Overman 11
100 Challenge Con. 19 300 Salvage l\
Boochonar 15 500 utah ..:::::—• ]l
500 Crown Point. ..12H BOO Utah A!!
iwHaie^N^c::: S mz$£M^$
Morning Session
Tho following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: *-«cinc
200 Andes 07 300 Mexican sn
300 Best & Belcher 22 100 Mexican ai
600 Caledonia 4D 600 Ophir 1
100 Caledonia 4S SOO Savage 19
100 Challenge 16 500 Sierra Nevada' 25
SOO Con Cal & Va..l 05 100 Sierra Nevada "k
5C0 Gould & Curry SI 100 Silver Hill » 37
loo Hale & Norc... 23 100 Utah . 10
100 Hale & Norc... 22 10
Afternoon Session.
Morning Sessions
100 Andes 08 250 Ophir g7
200 Best & Belcher 25 300 Overman 10
300 Caledonia 53 50 Overman C9
1300 Caledonia 64 400 Savage 21
60 Confidence 75 100 Union Con lj
400 Mexican 33 100 Yellow Jacket 2t
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
BId.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Is quar coup...H5H116U is do cp (new). 135 135H
4s do reg 115^116% 3s do coup.... — U0K
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.. 103% — Oak Water 5s.lO3>4 —
Cal-st Cab 5s. .118% — Oceanic SS 5s. 110 111
C C Water 53..107& — Om C Ry 6s.l27%12S
Ed L- & P 6s. 180 — Pac G Imp 4S.102 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P A Cl Ry «s.lO3 —
Geary-st R 5s. - — P&ORR 6s.ll5H —
H C & S 5^s. — — Powell-st R 6s. — —
Do 6s 100V4 — , Sac E GAR 6s 99 100
L AR 6s 107 — S F & SJV 5s.ll8>4 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — 103 S R of Cal 6s. — 113
Do gntd 6s... — — S P of A 6s. .112% —
L A gntd 5s. — 101% S P ofC6s(1905
L A P R R 5s. — 102H (Series A)...108H —
Market-st 6s.. 128% — Do (Series B)108% —
Do lst M 5s.. — 119% Do (1906) 109*4110
N C N G R 7s.H0 114 Do (1912) ...11SH —
N R of Cal 63.113 — S P R lst g 5s.lO5 109
Do 5s 117 — S P R 6s 130 130Vi
N P C R R 6S.101 — S V Water 68.113*4114%
Do 5s 107U — Do 4s 10214102*4
N Cal Ry 5s.lll»i — r>o 3d mtge. — 102%
Oak G L & H.110 — Stktn Gas 8s. 100 105
Oak Tran 6s.. 116^117%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 "— Spring Valley. 93% 93%
Marin County. 51H — \
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 3% 6 Pac L Co — 4»
Eqult C L Co. 3^4 3% Stc El G&RCo 33 40
Mutual El Co. — 10 S F G & E 51»i 52^4
O G L & H... 49% 5*> San Francisco. — 5'
Pac Gas Imp. 52 52% Stkn G & E Co — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 226 — ;
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 — First Nation!. 296 300
Bank of Cal. — 410 Lon P & A....J3S —
Cal .8 D & T.104H103Vi Merchants' Ex 1« 18
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1900 Sav ft L So.- — 81
Hum S & "L. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — — .
Mut Sav Bk.. 51 — Union T Co... — -
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 124 — O S L & H S8 —
Geary-st — — Presidio 17 22
Market-st 674 «8
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 : Vlgortt 3% 3%
Giant Con Co. 83V: 83 I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 6% — Kllauea S Co. 20*i 23
Haw C & S Co 84% 83% Makawell S Co 41% —
Honokaa S Co. 31 — Onomea S Co. 28% 29\4
Hutch S P Co. 23%, 26 Paahau S Co. 31 Vi 33
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.124 124»» Pac A % F A... 2>4 -
Cal Fruit Asn.102 — Pac C Bor Co. — 153
Mer Ex Assn. 97 100 ( Par Paint Co. 12% —
Oceanic S Co. 93 94 I I
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 69 75
145 Contra Costa Water 70 00
5 Contra Costa Water, cash.-. 70 00
10 Giant Powder Con » S4 00
80 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar..... S3 00
200 Honokaa S Co 3125
300 Honokaa S Co 3100
IPO Hutchlnson S P Co 23 75
90 Makawell '. 42 25
10 Market Street Railway 63 0O
20 Oceanic S S Co 93 CO
450 Paauhau S P Co 31 23
23 S F Gas and Electric Co 52 00
$2000 S P of A bonds US 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
2 Bank of California.... 409 T5
150 Hana Plantation Co 7 00
40 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 85 00
160 Honokaa S Co 3100
50 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 25 75
$1000 Market St Ry lst Con 6s 119 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 93 00
$2000 Omnibus Cable 6s 127 73
65 S F Gas and Electric Co 52 00
J4000 S P of A bonds 113 00
125 S V Water 93 50
$1000 S V 4s (2d mtge) 102 23
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE. .
Morning Session.
V Board—
1200 Cala-Standard 13
2500 Caribou 23
736 Four Oil Co 10
ISfi Four Oil Co 41
1000 Four Oil Co t 43
5 llnnford 87 60
900 Home Oil 4 55
COO Independence 23
500 Independence, b 60 24
10 McKlttrick Consolidated 35
1100 Petroleum Center 20
100 Petroleum Center 21
100 San Joaquln Oil and Dev, b 5 I 25
40 Sterling O and, D Co 2 95
Street—
CO San Joaquln Oil and Dev » 25
400 Four Oil Co 43
Afternoon Session. "J 1 .
Board—
3^4 Hanford 87 50
200 McKlttrick Consolidated 36
100 McKlttrick Consolidated 35
200 Petroleum Center 20
100 San Joaquin Oil and Dev. 9 23
20 San Joaquin Oil and Dev. s 5 9 2a
20 San Joaquin Oil and Dev, b 6 9 23
SO San Joaquin Oil and Dev, b 5...^... 9 3:1,
Street— " "
673 Fpur Oil Co ; «
to San Joaquln Oil and Dev, b 6 J 23
UN1TED STATES BONDS.
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 7—2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND . EXCHANGE
* : »
A fair business was done on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange and the sugar stocks
wet-b firm, with an advance in Hawaiian to $83.
There was little change In the afternoon.
There were large sales on the Oil Exchang?,
but chiefly limited to two or three stocks.
The Overman Mining Co. has levied an assess
ment of 5c. .
.Wtc 1 York stock market advanced.
Silver declined scz'cral fractions.
Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat futures declined. Barley steady.
Oats quiet, with the top quotations shaded.
Nothing nczv in Corn and Rye.
Bran and Hax as before quoted, with quiet markets.
Receipts of Beans continue heavy, but prices remain unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions stand about as before.
Butter zveak and dull. Clieese firm. Eggs lower.
Cranberries continue to advance. Melons about put.
Oranges. Lemons and Limes in good supply and quiet.
Nothing, nczv in Provisions.
Meat market as before quoted.
Sugar declined 25c all around.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— Money on call, easy
at 15?5 per cent; last loan, 2. Prime mercan
tile paper, 4Vi@5 per cent. Sterling exchange,
firm, with actual business In bankers" bills at
$4 84Vi for demand and at $4 S0%@4 S0& for
sixty days. Posted rates. $4 S1H and $4 S5.
Commercial bills, $4 79»i'9 < 4 SO; Silver certifi
cates, 64Si,<iJ«5c. Bar silver. 63T»c. Mexican
dollars, SO^c. Government bonds, strong; State
bonds, strong; railroad bonds, strong.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— Atchlson. 35H; Canadian
Pacific. 90H; Union Pacific preferred, 79%;
Northern Pacific prefd, 77; Grand Trunk, 6H;
Anaconda, 10; bar silver, quiet, 29 11-1SJ per
ounce; money, 2 per cent.
TVe bank lost £150,000 gold to Egypt and a
small parcel of gold was taken for New York
from the open market on an exceptional order.
Money rates were unaltered.
CLOSING.
Americans dominated the market here to
day. They were first, the rest were nowhere.
The trlumrli of McKinley aroused the great
est enthusiasm. The market which opened at
9 o'clock was surprised by hea.vy realizing
eales from New York, but London easily ab
sorbed all these offerings although the public
was not prominent as purchasers. The pro
fessionals regarded the Republican majority in
the House of Representatives aa a powerful
factor and Investors are expected to come Into
th» market for 'American bonds considering
how much they yield, while stocks are thought
to be relatively more active. The Continent
did little but the market finished buoyant and
active, although it is *ald that the business
done was much less than that transacted after
the election In 1SS6.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The London [Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— [Rubber 322
Call loans 4 @5|Union Pacific ..(... 64%
Time loans 4&4j6] Bonds-
Stocks— lAtchlson 4s 100H
A T & S F 34% N E GasACoke 6s. 63V4
A T & S F prefd.. 77 I Mining Shares-
American Sugar. ..127 iAdventure 6%
Am Sugar prefd.. .116H Allouez Mln Co 2H
Bell Telephone 149^ 'Atlantic 25V5
Boston & Albany. .249 |Boston & Mont 336
Boston & Maine. ..190 Butte & Boston 69
Chgo. Bur & Q 131"4ICaIumet & Hecla...8OO
Dominion Coal 40% ICentennlal 18
Dom Coal prefd. ...113 iFranklin 15V4
Federal Steel 44% 1 Humboldt 25
Fed Steel prefd.... 7S%'Osceola 74
General Electric. .145 iParrot 4S
Gen Elec prefd 140 Qulncy 158
Ed Elec 111.... 213 Santa Fe Copper.. 7VS
Mevican Central... 13U Tamarack 267
Mich Telephone.... 85 Utah Mining S3«i
N E Gaa & Cok#.. 13^,]Winona %V*
Old Colony 203 I Wolverines 43Vi
Old Dominion 23% I
2L D C lst8 -- 73 [Union Pacific 4s...lO6i4
G*n Electric 6s. ...US iWabash lsts 116
Iowa Central lsts.. 114 ) Do 2ds 103
», 4r. N . Unl ie 9»H;West Shore 4s H2?i
M K & T 2ds 6S%. Wis Central lsts... 87
!*> *s 92<4lVir Centuries <fH4
MINING STOCKS.
10'Ontarto 6 00
Crown Point 10;Ophlr 7S>
Con Cal & Va 1 00 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry 70|Qulcksllver prefd.. 6 T.Q
Hale & Norcross.. 22 ; Sierra Nevada 22
Homestake 60 OOStandard 3 35
Iron Silver 30 Union Con 15
Mexican 20: Yellow Jacket 15
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new. 4s
2d; futures, quiet; November. 4s l?jd; January.
3s 10%d.
WHEAT— Spot.* steady; No. 1 California, 0s
4d; futures, quiet: December, 6s l*«d; Febru
ary, 6s 2Hd: March, 6s 2?4d.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— Consols. 9ST4: silver,
29 ll-16d; French rentes, lOOf 60c; cargoes on
passage, firm, but not active; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 30s 9d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s 3d: English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 7.-Wheat. firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s 4Hd; wheat in Paris,
steady; flour In Paris, steady: French country
markets, firm: weather In England, overcast.
COTTON-Uplands, 6»4d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Nov. 7.— Wheat, unchanged; Blue
stem, &5^c; club, C2V4c.
WASHINGTON.
FORTLAND. Nov. 7.-In the wheat market
buyers and sellers are not exactly In accord
In their views as to values and the business Is
on a restricted scale. Some sales of Walla
Walla are reported this week as high as 54c,
but most of the exporters are not quoting above
C3Q53HC. Blue8tem, nominal at from 2c to 3c
above Walla Walla, and valley, as usual this
season. Is out of the hands of the Portland ex
porters.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Nov. 7.— Clearings, $556,161; bal
ances, $59,S39.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— The cotton market
opened easy at a decline of three points. The
local market became quite unsettled and the
decline was Increased to 13Q16 points. Later
in the day the market became very dull, with
dealings mostly local and with both sides show-
Ing marked hesitation. The market closed
steady at a net loss of 13^16 points.
New York Cotton Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 18.000.
including 700 Texans and 600 Westerns. Slow
to lC@15o off; butchers', stock steady to strong;
Westerns and Texans about 10c lower; natives,
good to prime Bteers. $5 5OIf5 95; poor to
medium, $4 40tf5 35: selected reeders, $3 75@4 45;
mixed stockers, $2 40<g;3 80; cows, $2 76@4 35;
heifers,. $2 E0@4 75; canners, $1 60@2 65; bulls,
$2 6O@4 45; calves, $4^6; Texas fed steers, $4 40
@4 90: grass steers, $3 25®4 10; bulls. $2 60(33 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 24,000: to-morrow, 23.000; left
over, 3000; 60 higher, active; mixed and butch
ers'. $4 60®4 92H: good to choice, heavy, $4 65®
4 92',£; rough, heavy. $4 60ffl 60; light, $4 65®
4 90; bulk of sales, $4 70<2?4 So. .
SHEEP— Receipts. 16.000; she*p. steady;
lambs, weak to 15c lower; good to. choice
wethers, $4@4 30; fair to choice,- mixed, $3 85@4;
Western sheep. $4@4 30; Texas sheep, $2 50W
3 60; native lambs, $4 CO® 5 CO; Western lambs,
$5@5 50.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Grapes— Red Emperors, $1 40@2 15 glngla
crates: ClUBters, $2 50®3 50; Emperors, $1®2 80:
r "'lal Tokay3, $1 45@1 55; Clusters, $2 20
l'ersimmons-$l 56®2 55 single crates.
Pears-Barry $1 50@l 60 box.
Six cars of fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Nov. 7.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit:
Grap,es— Cornlchons, $1 40@l 70 single crates;
Emperors. $1 8502 03: Tokays 60c®$2 05; To
knys, $1 30®2 80 double crates.
Pears— Winter Nells, $1 65@2 box.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit:
California Fruit Sales.
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, . 877,000 bushels; afloat for
Europe, Increase, 300.000. Total supply. 1,777,000.
Corn. United States and Canada, feast of the
Rockies, decreased 8W.000 bushels.
Oats. United States and Oaniula. east of the
Ro £ kles ' increased | Til. C00 buchels.
The combined stock - of wheat at Portland.
Taeoma and Seattle d^crea^ed 19,000 bushels
last week. '
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstre^ts show
the following changes In the available supplies:
_.. " LIVERPOOL. , "; • £3
Wheat— t Dec. Feb.
Opening 6 1 6 2%
Closing '.'.'.'.".".','.".'.'.'."..6 1% 6 2V4
„.. PARIS.
Wheat— kov. Mar. -June.
Opening. ' J9 55 2130
Closing " 1995 2145
Floui>- ¦
Opening 23 50 27 35
Closing •.'.!""! 25 75 2" CO .
Available Grain Supply.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
on NW corner of Telegraph and Ashby avenues,
W 200. N 130. E 235.70. S 133 to beginning, be
ing a portion of lot r>. Suburban Tract, sub
ject to a mortgage for $1300, Berkeley; $10.
Charles A. H. and Eugenia Smith to Oc
tavle C. Lenoir. lots 17 and 1?. block 23. War
ner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
IW.
James P. Taylor to Benjamin F. Bersin. lot
Owen E. and Annie Brady to Hlbernia Sav
ings and Loan Society, lot on SE corner of
Shn Jose avenue and Twenty-fourth street. S
LC by E 90; also lot on W line of Valencia
street. 203 S of Nineteenth. S 25 by W.110; also
l<n on E line of Guerrero street. 222:8 S o*
Eighteenth. S CO by E 105; $10
Thomas J- and Philippine M. Henderson to
Jonathan Anderaon. lot on S line of Elizabeth
Ewo'b^Vm' $Io ffman avenue (EUen ""*"¦
Otto Granofs't to' Gutserpe Raffo. lot on N
N n e"°6- $ f 29""o StrCet> 1S3:4 W Oi Fowe11 - W 31 by
Pa trick M. Partridge to Alfred C. Tuft lot nn
SW line of Steuart street. 80 NW if Mi«l«
NW 20 by SW 45:10; $10. Mission.
Orson H. Keyes to same, same- 110
I George J. Strong to ReWca'L Strrnir !,.,
|on E line of Twelfth avenue V \- nfnf™«J
sti»et. N B by F. 120: sift. Clement
Flor»nr>» T. Frank fPo^f-) to ih.,),. m „
lot en NW orner of Van %>,,«.»" Haa< :
Jackson street. AV 138 by N 9r, ?, ft avenue ani1
! Mary F. Hindes <wife of Edward n * . /%.
son K. Doane. lot on N line of r^ 1 ?^ l ? Or *
20O E of Broderick. E 2S by N" jr •" VZ Street '
I Jules nntl Angustln- Lambla to 'j> u i, w«,i
lot on W line of Capp st^t. 34 \ Jff
eenth. N 14 bv W 122:6; $jfo of EI 5M-
Louis and Pauline Schoenber? to p.^ , ,
W. and Marie O. RuhnSan. inf n n |^ r r.' 1< ' ri< ' ! *
wTTi^""" 1 strect> 75 f ot Bryan^ e at,"
Real Estate and Developm»-t Cnr-.^
Thomas W. Johnson. l<n on N |tn« , r ManLJ 0
street. :0 W of Texas. W B by N 1.0 er " i . po ' a
U'llllam and Emma Grutzmarher r^ .V—
lot on N line of Mariposa strec * : \v »i
Texas. W 23 by N 100: $10 " or
Patrick Griffin to William J. Oona \c* Z,
K line of Slxt*-nth avenue. I^> s 0 ; 6 itr.^
S 25 by E 127:S; $10. C street.
Nellie and George O. Brown to Solomon G»«i
lot on E line of Seventeenth avenu* » a «*
H street. S 25 by E 120: $10. C
Henry and EUxabeth Schwartz to Freder-ck
P. Petersen. lot 411. Gift Map 1; $J0O ~"- c *
Samuel J. Kingston to Paul F. Kingston
lot 11. block 3S7. South San Francisco Hom»l
stead and Railroad Association, quUc'.aln
deed; $1.
Paul F. and Mary Kingston to Fritz Prtesn
lot on NE line- of Twentieth avenue south r,i
SE of S street. SE 73 by NE 100. lot 11, block
3S7: $10.
W. H. Little to Samuel Brierley. lot on SE
corner of Feltcn and Oxford streets. S »00 by
E 120, lots > and 8. block ?2. University Home
stead Association; $10.
Julia Edwards to Edward and Julia A Ross
lot on W line of Chapultepec street, 110 5 of
Virginia avenu*. S 25 by W 70. lot 172, Hey
nun'i subdivision of Cobb Tract: $10.
Annie Godt to Kaja Pall»sen <wlf» of O!af>
lot on W line of Elsl« street. 231 N of Cort
land avenue. N 23:3 by W 70, lot 2C7, Cobb
Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
William and Jean M. Cllft to Oara L. Cl!ft.
lot on W corner of Walsworth and Bayo Vista
avenues, 8W 73 by NW 123. being let i3. blncn
F, Map of Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland • $4000
Same to Abble B. Cllft. lot on NW line of
Walsworth avenue. 75 SW of Eayo Vista avf
nu*. SW 75 by NW 123. beirg lot 14, block F.
map of same. Oakland; $4CC0.
Same to Frederick C. Cllft. bt on E c^rr.T
of Walsworth and Bayo Vista »v»nu»s. NE 100
by SE 123. lot 11. block C. Linda Vista Ter
race Map 2. Oakland: $4000.
State Havlnr* Bnnk to ,R. K. Tucker, let on
F llr.e of Thirty-third street. 1:6 W of Market.
S 87 by W 30. being a portion of Mock Q.
map of property of Central Land Company,
Oakland: $10.
John Dermot to Mrs. Miriam A. Edwards.
lot 83. In plat 8. as per map of plat S filed by
th« association. Oakland: $10.
Mary Johnson to C. A. Mulvey. lot on S Mn«
of Sixth street. 112 :« W of Clay. W 23 by 3
100, portion lots 12 and 13. block. S3, KeUers
beiger*s Map. Oakland: $10.
Marcaret Davla to Samuel J. Davis, lot en
>T line of Kllr.kn^r avenue. 100.C9 E of Idaho
street. E 50, N 126.49 W 50. S 129.57 to begin
ning being lot 8, block 4, Butler Tract. Oak
land; $10.
Oakland Buildlne and Loan Association to
George S. Barry, all interest Jn lot on S line
of Prince street. 200 W of D«akln. W 50 by 3
135 lot 7, block C, Woolsey Tract. Berkeley;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FOR FORTY-EIGHT HOURS.
Flour, qr sks.... 24.013 Eggs, doz 14,040
Wheat, ctls 152.631;Hldes, No 46
Barley, ctls 4. 4S5 : Leather, rolls ... 14
Oats, ctls 780 '. Raisins, bxs 3.8'*
Butter, ctls 16T. Pelts, bdls 33
Cheese, rtls 9f>. Brandy, gals 5.0<V>
Beans, sks 24. 4<3 Quicksilver fisks 98
Potatoes, sks .... 7,3771 Hides, No 600
Onions, sks ..:... l,530<Pelt*. bdli 360
Bran, sks 435, Wool, bales 18*
Middlings, sks .. B20jHops. bales 143
Khorts, Bk.« 7Soj Straw. . tons 33
Mustard, sks .... 43 Hay, tons 681
Wine, gals 96. 700'
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... lft. OS? Onions, sks S6
Potatoes, sks ... 1,490
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6.40c; Powdered. 6c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6c; Dry Granulated. 5.90c: Confection
ers' A. 5.90c: Magnolia A. 5.50c; Extra C. 5.40c;
Oolden C, 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; half-bar
rels, 25c more: boxes, 60c more; 50-lb bags. 10c
more. No orders taken for less than 75 bar
rels or its equivalent. Dominos. half- barrels.
6.65c; boxes, 6.90c r»r lb.
SUGAR— Prices are 25c lower all around. The
Western Sugar Refining. Company quotes, per
lb, In 100-lb bags:
$15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
brand. ¦
t.. C S AL — WelHngton ' J9 per tor >: Southfleld
Wellington. $9;. Seattle, J7; Bryant S7- f"nA«
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative WalU
end $9^ Cumberland.: $12 in bulk and $13
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $u- Can
nel. $12 per ton; Coke.. $15 per toa in bulk and
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6Htr6%c' Wool
Baps, 2SVi@32»ic; Fleece Twine, 74c' Fruit
Bags,, 6H®6%c for white and Z\iQS\c for
bltached Jute. . . '***".*<- ior
PORK— Live Hogs, -G>4c for small. 5<4c for
medium and 5^ic i for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. 5c; dressed Hogs, 7H@8%c.
LAMB— S@SV4c per lb.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Hogs are In fair supply. Beef, Mutton ' and
Lambs are very firm, with some dealers quot
ing .higher.
BEEF— 6@6V4c for Ste«r« and 5©5Vic per lb
for Cows. - . .
VEAL— Large. 7(J?8c; small. 8%@9c per lb
MUTTON-Wethers, 7@7%c; ewes, 6%@7c per
pound.
Sa » Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6tt@Sc: do Lambs', 8
09c: Middle County, 9®10c; Northern Mountain,
free. lOfillc: Southern Mountain. 7V2@S^ic;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 12®13c per lb.
HOPS— 11%®15c per lb.
WOOL — Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c; Northern, defective. 12®
14c: Middle County, free, 14016c ; Middle County,
defective, 12@14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9®10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months' ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno. 16
@17c: Nevada. W^^c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS-^Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, 8%@9c; , Cow
hides. 8H@9c: Stags, 6%c: Salted Kip. 9^c;
Salted Veal. 9%c: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides.
16c: culls, lie: Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 16<317c;
culls and brand, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20ia30c each; short Wool. S0®oOc each; medium,
C0@?5c; long Wool, 75c@$l each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 60 for large and {2 for medium. $150
for small and 60c for colts: Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large. $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small
and 25(fT50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35cr fall or medium 6klns. 30c; winter or
thin skins, 17V4©20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 73c: large and smooth, £0c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4-ff4V4c per lb; No.
2. SVtc : grease. 2@2Hc. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10>4@11e per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13c for light, 14c
for extra light and 15c for sugar cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, ll%@12c: Mess Beef,
$12 60 per barrel: extra Mess. $13 60; Family,
$13 DO- extra Prime Pork. $16; extra clear, $19 50;
Mess.' $16: Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 674c per lb for com
pound and Sc for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9};c;
10-lb tins. 9%c: 5-lb tins me.
COTTOLBNE— One-half barrel. S%e; three
half barrels, S%c: one tierce. SUc; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There. !s no change -to report.
NUTS— Chestnuts, C@7c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshrll, lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c;
No. 2. 7Hc; Almonds. 13@16c for paper-shell.
ll@12Hc for softshell; Peanuts. S^ec for East
ern: Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 5005.
IIONEY-Comb, 13%@14^c for bright and 12^
(S13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%©8c; light amber, extracted, 7@7Hc; dark.
Cii fl'-jc p»r lb.
BEESWAX— 24@28c per lb.
Provisions.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard, 8»ic; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. 10V4c per lb; choice, 9Vic; standard. 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Saltanas, 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6V4c; 2-crown loos« Muscatels, 6c;
2-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $160 per. box; 3-crown. $160; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c:
40-50S. 7c; 50-608, BUc: 60-70s, 3^0; 70-80s. 3Uc:
SO-SOs, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2^4c; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles. %c premium; Sonomas. He and San Joa
q'ulns )4c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6@
8c for Royals and lOiJin'ic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 4@4V4c; sun-dried, 2H®<c;
Peaches, AMQic for standard, hQic for choice
and 7@7%c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted. 5@6>4c; unpltted. l@lHc: Nectarines. 5@
5Hc for red and 5>A©6c for white.
Cranberries to arrive are selling at an ad
vance, as the market East has gone up to $7
per barrel there.
Melons are about out, the scattering lots
coming in being neglected.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes continue in free
supply and weak at unchanged quotations.
Grapes are steady enough, but quiet.
DECIDUOUS KKL'ITS—
APPLES — 25©00c per box for common and
60@S0c for good to choice: Spltzenbergs, 60c@$l;
Oregon Spltzenbergs, %l 25@1 50.
PEARS— Winter Nells. 50@90c; Cooking
Pears, 25'SCOc per box.
QUINCES— 5C!g65c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 3Oii65c Der box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $9 50®10 per bar
rel: Coos Bay. $2 25ig~2 50 p«r box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@7 per chest for large
and fSfilO for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES-3@6c per lb.
RASPBERRIES— $3@6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 75c©$l, according to slzo
of box.
PLUMS— 2O#40c per box.
GRAPES— Muscats, Tokays, Verdells, black
and other ordinary varieties, 4OJ?50c per small
box and 50<S73c per crate: Isabellas, in crates,
7Sc@$l: Cornlchons, in crates, 60@75c. *
CITRUS KRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2@4;
Seedlings, $1 50@2 25; Lemons, 25c@$l 25 for
common and $1 50@2 50 for good to choice;
Pomelos. $3@4; Mexican Ltmes, $4@4 60; Cali
fornia JLlmes, 25@35c; Bananas, $1 75@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1 MS 3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage Koorts — 21©22c.
CHEESE— New, ll%@12c; old, 'l0®llc; Young
America, I2©i2ftc; Eastern, 13&@14c; Western,
ll@13c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20@30c for store and 35®
37Hc per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lS@26c.
Butter continues weak and dull. wUh heavy
supplies, and outside orders are thus far
small.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 22@23c; seconds,
21c.
Dairy— Fancy, 21c; good to choice. 20c:" com
mon, 18@13c.
Creamery tub— 20O22V4c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@2lc
Firkin— 18®19c.
Ranch. Eggs continue to decline, and receipts
and stocks are . steadily -Increasing. 'Eastern
descriptions, however, are quoted firm, as the
markets East are higher.
- Cheese Is firm ¦ and sells readily : at full
figures. . . !
Butler, Cheese .and Eggs.
The Game market was oversupplled. owing
to heavy receipts from Oregon on Tuesday,
which accounts for the lower quotations.
Poultry was dull and weak except dressed
Turkeys, which advanced slightly. The de
m was S5?», llgnt * A car of Eastern came in.
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys, 13^Hc for Gob
blers and I4®]fte for Hens; old Turkeys, 11®
12Hc; Dressed Turkeys. 15@18c; Geese, per pair.
*1 50®l 75; Goslings, $1 75©'2; Ducks, $3@4 for
old and J3 50@4 60 for young; Hens. J3 50&4 50;
loung Roosters, |4®4 50; Old Roosters. {3 600-1;
* ryers . I3@3 60; Broilers. J3@3 50 for large and
J2 50@3 for small; Pigeons. %l per dozen for old
and Jl 50^1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, n for Valley and $1 £0@2 for
Mountain; Mallard, |3®5; Canvasback, J3@5:
Sprig »3@3 50; Teal. $2@2 50; Widgeon. $150®
$1 i5: Small Duck, $1®1 50; Gray Geese. S2 50®
3; A\htte Geese, Jl@l £0; Brant. $1 E0@l 75 for
small and 12@2 50 for large; English Snipe, $1.25
@1 60; Jack Snipe, $1; Hare, »1@1 25; Rabbits,
$1 2o@l 60 for Cottontail and $1 for brush;
Doves. 60@65c D er. dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Some of the summer sorts are very firm
under light supplies, but otherwise the Vege
table market is featureless. Most of the Peas
and Beans now coming in are from Los Angeles.
Potatoes and Onions show little change. .
POTATOES— River Reds, 7O0SOc; Burbanks,
2G©50c for Rivers and 85c4T$l 15 per ctl for
Salinas and CC®90c for Oregon; Sweets, 60@75c
for Rivers nnd &@90c for Merced.
ONIONS— <6c6U 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions,
40<&50f! per sorlc.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4@5c per lb;
String Beans. 2@6c: Llmas. 3®4c per lb; Cab
bage, |i; Tomatoes, 2o@C5c; Egg Plant,
35©>50c per box; Green Okra, 35@50c; Green Pep
pers. 25<g50c per box for Chili and 40@50c for
Bell; Dried Peppers, l(Xitl5c: Carrots. 25<£f35c
per sack; Summer Sqash, 83c® $1 25 for Ala
rr.eda; Cucumbers. 49<{?60e for Alameda: Pickles,
$1 50 per Box for No. 1 and Jl for No. 2; Garlic,
4jj5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, J7®10 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
42,179 for the first three days of the week.
In spite of these immense , arrivals dealers
quota a sustained market. „ '
BEANS— Bayos. »2 90@3: Small White. »4@
4 05; Large White, $3 10@3 25: Pink, J2®2 15;
Red.;$3@3 25: Blackeye, J2 90@3 10; Lima. J5 20
@5 25: Pea, $434 25: Red Kidneys. $3 7504.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. J2 25(g2 40; Canary,
3V4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa, 9@9Hc: Rape, 2V4@3c: Hemp. 4@4Vic;
Timothy, 4@4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50@2: Green, $1 80®
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 50@l 75.
I market was firm; creameries, 15@22c; dairies,
. - — . Cheese, active: NH4©llV4c. Eggs, steady;
'» -¦ ¦ — ¦ ' ¦
TUB SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
8
Southwark Nov. 14 Xoordland Dec J
Westernland ...Nov. 21 Frlesland Dec. 15
Kensington Nov 18 Southwark Dec. 13
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents..
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
. RED STAR LINK.
N«w York and Antwero.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis. ...... .Nov. HtSt. I/nits IVc. 5
New York Nov. 21 Xew York Dec. 13
St. Paul Nov. 2S St. Paul Dec. 13
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW T0SK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0.V3CH. PAHLJ.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
frelrht and passage apply at company's of fie*.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General A*«nt.
Tuesday. November IX 190«
SS. NIPPOX MARTT .7:..
Thursday. December ft. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, December 29. WOO
Via Honolulu.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ztr First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai an.J
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. Xo cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
FARF *I"2FIrse Class. Including Berth
rH"r. s8 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 14. 24, Dee 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 9; 19*23
Short Line to Walla Walla, SrokanV, ' Butt?
Hslrna and all points in the Northwestl
Through, tickets to all rmtntn East
E. C. "WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
DISPATCH FAST STEASTER3 TO
F> O "R, T T -. A. 3ST ID
THE 0. R. & II. CO.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i, • .. Steamers leav» Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
vyNKfc_ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. nr.
ga^SfcL Nov. 12, IT. 22. 27. Dec. 1
|3j»"VSrY?5k> Cha . n « e to company's steamers
Jc^9^J"li For Victoria, Vancouver CB.
kK$3&€firA\ C). Port Townf-'-nd. Seattle,
Tacorr.a, Everett, Anacortea
'.nd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
ll a. m.. Nov. 12. 17. 22. 27.
December 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle O r Taconu
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt • Bay— » p. m.. Xor. 9.
14. 19. 24. S3. Dec 4 and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara, Port Loa
Anceles and Redondo (Lns Angeles)— XI a. m..
Nov. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25, 29. Dec. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Caya-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los» Angeles) and Newport— !»
a. m.. Nov. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. Dec. 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bar, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pajs. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th« right to charts*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET O*'Fi^E— i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. <7en. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
and biver steamers.
FORiliS.'NAVYiYARDandVALLEJO
Steamer " Montlcello."
VON' Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at >:«
a*m* 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. ni*ht); Fri-
days 1 I>- nv and 8:S0: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m' Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15CS. • '
FARE • 5O "
SS. ZEALANTIA monolulu only).......-...
Saturday. November 10. 2 p. ra.
SS. "SIERRA.' "for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia.....-; —;••.',•••,••'• _
Wednesday. November Zl. 9 p. m.
SS. " AUSTRALIA^fo^TaWU..^^.........^. £
J.O."sPR£CmSiBROS.CO •.^^ t i M ?- B 3 i!S fartSl
Freigrit CSce J _327jlartet St.. Pier Ma. 7, Pacific St.
COXPAQ^IB GB5WAVS TBA53ATLA5TXQCE.
Morton -treet AOJ. ITA IN b. j
C , laS3 ,1 Hivre til 50 and upwart. • GENERAL
ftrWTFOBl'miBO STATES and CAS-
A Sa V Broadway (Hudson bulldinaf). New
vnrk' J F Fl'OAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
A»£nts. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
flceanicssco k&s&kT. H. Williams Jr. Busy Distributing Carload of Garden
Truck He Won on Julius Kahn's Election.
ASHE'S SWEET POTATOES GO
TO EPICURES AND ORPHANS
gold that he stood to win.
Two hours after the bet was made Por
ter Ashe's friends were admitting that he
was defeated, and five hours after It was
made even Will Ashe was forced to admit
that he was a carload lot of sweet po
tatoes poorer. He promptly signed an
order on Porter Bros, for the delivery of
the potatoes on Williams' demand or
order.
Wllllamg was busy yesterday making
out a list of friends to whom heiwlll send
sacks of the choice article known In the
market' as "Merced sweet potatoes," for
these were raised on the Ashe family's
Maltese Villa ranch. Among the epicures
who will be so remembered are Major
McLaughlln, M. F. Tarpey, Julius Kahn.
whose gallant race won the potatoes; A.
B. Spreckels, S. M. Shorttidge. Harry
Veuve, J. Naglee Burke. Frederick Zeile.
D.-M. Burns. M. H. de Young and a host
of others. Six sacks will be unloaded into
the Pacific Union Club cellar. The re
mainder of the carload will be divided
among the orphan asylums, to help fill the
little dinner pails, as Sam Shortrldge
would put It. There will be many to re
joice with Tom Williams over the killing
he made in garden truck when Julius
Kahn won In a canter from Porter Ashe.
THE BIT OF PAPER BY WHICH POSSESSION WAS GIVEN OF THE CARLOAD OF SWEET POTATOES LOST
BY W. L. ASHE AND WON BY T. H. WILLIAMS JR. ON AN ELECTION BET.
TH. WILLIAMS JR. will be
come a dispenser of sweet
potatoes to-day. He has a
carload of the succulent tu
bers won so easily on an elec T
tlon bet that he thinks If he were to sell
them It would be a shame to take tho
money. While he has not handled a sack
in this campaign he now Intends to dis
tribute several with impartial liberality
to Democratic and Republican friends
alike. The larger part of the carload will
be divided among the orphan asylums of
San Francisco.
The tale of Williams* unique bet of dol
lars against garden truck is being ; told
and laughed over among clubmen and
politicians. Will L. Ashe was the other
bettor— the man who lost the potatoeo.
His discomfiture was due to an overcon
ndence In the ability of his brother. R.
Porter Ashe. to defeat Julius Kahn in
the race for Congressman.
Ashe had not spoken to Williams since
1S93, when Porter Ashe and Williams had
trouble and litigation over the ownership
of the mare Geraldlne and other raco
horses purchased by Williams from Mike
Kelly, Ashe's trainer. To the great Bur.
prise of Williams Ashe approached him-
In the Palace Hotel bar Tuesday eveninff
and called him away from Major Frans
McLaughlln and Louis Ltssak, with whom
ho waB talking. The three thought for a
moment that trouble was brewing, but
Ashe said goodnaturedly:
"Tom, I'd like to make a little bet with
you on the election, Just for the sake of
old times."
"Well. I'm agreeable," replied William*,
"what will it be. Will?" ,
"I've bet all the ready cash I have."
Ashe said, "on my brother's election, but
I had a carload of sweet potatoes shipped
which arrived to-day, consigned to Porttx
Bros. Now. I'll bet those potatoes against
their market value In money that K. Por
ter Ashe will be elected Congressman."
'•I'll take it," said Williams "and If
you have any more garden truck bring it
along and I'll cover It with money."
. • So the wager was made at even money,
prosperity prices for the potatoes. Odds
were at that time In the evening 3 to 1
against Porter Ashe. but when a man Is
betting potatoes that he raised himself
and betting them on his brother's election
to Congress he does not figure odds very
closely. Besides It was good McKinley
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 7.— A blizzard Is
bearing down upon this section. . The
weather has turned cold and heavy snow
etorms are reported from various places.
New Richmond, WIs.. reports five Inches,
with the snow still falling and the wind
blowlnr a gale.
Blizzard in Minnesota.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 7.— Argument in the
trial of Thomas "Winship, for the murder
of Frank Narva ez, began in Judge Lori
gan's court to-day. H. V. Morehouse,
who was engaged to especially prosecute
Winship. made the opening statement for
the people. This afternoon Attorney B. A.
Herrlngton spoke for the defense. He
maintained that the shooting was done
In self defense. District Attorney Camp
bell will close the case in the morning
and it will bo given to the Jury to-morrow
afternoon.
"Winship Trial Nearing the End.
Th<» will of Michael Sweeney, who died
October 25, leaving an estate valued at
more than flO.noo. was filed for probate
vesterday. Decedent bequeaths his entire
rotate in equal shares to hiB children—
Mary E. Ragan, Christine A. OBrlen.
Edith Burn!". Sophie A. Sweeney. Mar
paret T. Miller and Eugene T. Sweeney.
Michael Sweeney's Will.
«!f>rf*>d tho fol'.nwins officers:
p. >:.. retired: vife /-ommander. Pclhum War
l*t» Amfs. late r. P. N'.: recorder, Eiislfcn
Charles Pa'.ne Welch. L". P. N.. retired: treas
u.«r. Worthineton Amen: registrar. Leonard
I dwin Chenrry: historian. William RusbpII
Fithawav: ohaplRln. Rev. Walter Gilbert
I'rarr I*. F. N.; members of council— Captain
William H. Whltlr.*. V. S. N. ; Horace Zerah
K |- ward, late T". S. N. : Fra.nci» Richardson
"'".ail. la»» I". R. N.; Cnmnnndfr f. Sebree. V.
F V- Pav Tn»r>ertnr Theodore Sv Thompson.
t*. S. N. • Lieutenant Jeremtah Cutler Burnett,
V. S N.. retired; I/5ui» Hf>ratlo Tomer, late
V P. N.; Joseph Henry Matthews. I*. S. N.;
Maxwpl! MfNutt: trustee for term ending No
v#mb»r. 1S"<W, Horace Zerah Howard, late
T". S. N.
After the election end Installing of of
f.rerp, refrcphm^nts were served and the
evening was spent In social chat.
Elects Officers and Spends a Pleasant
Evening at the California
Hotel.
The members of California fommand
efjr. Navnl Order of the United States,
met last nicht at the California Hotel and
ORDER OF NAVAL OFFICERS
HAS A SOCIAL SESSION
IX>S ANGELES. Nov. 7.— The long ex
pected report of the committee of fifteen,
which has be*n engaged for some time in
fin Investigation of abuses In certain of
the departments of the city Rovemment,
has been given to the public. The com
mittee has been making a patient search
since Its organization, and has expended
much time and money In Its efforts to get
at the bottom of the wrongs alleged to
have been carried on and still existing.
Particular attention Is paid to the police
department, where Police Commissioner
Ling comes In for a scoring. The report
on the Police Commission, after certain
explanations by the committee of fifteen,
was adopted without dissent. The report
Fays in part:
"The general charges against the police
commission* current In the communitj .
among others, were: That Immunity to
carry on the various Chinese gambling
games, the opium dens and the lottery
houses, was purchased by the Chinam«n
from either the police commission or some
of Its members, or from persons claiming
to have Influence with them: that the
matter of granting and transferring liquor
licenses In the city of Los Angeles ls be
ing controlled by the brewers, who own
a Targe number of saloons and who are
carrying on the saloon business on an ex
tensive scale; that great favoritism tx
if>ts In the granting of liquor licenses and
In permitting transfers thereof; that cor
rupt Influences were brought to bear to
prevent' the suspension or revocation of
licenses that ought to have been revoked
for gross violation of city ordinances ;
that In many Instances the license sus
pended or revoked was either renewe-1
or transferred to some nominee of the
former licensee and for ais benefit, oy
means of corrupt bargains or Influences;
that the city regulation of saloons wax
being constantly violated as to Sunday
and night closing.
"This committee thereupon secured the
service* of a local detective and later on
the services of two detectives from the
Pinkerton agency."
The ieport then cites In detail the evi
dence accumulated against Commissioner
Ling and others and shows conclusively
that the police department has long been
hand In glove with the Chinatown gam
bling ring, the saloon element and other
law-breaking elements. Former Police
Captain Roberts Ib particularly well
grilled, the report stating that his dis
missal ought to have taken place long
ago. Specific instances of bribery and col
lusion are cited against members of the
department, and In one Instance a witness
against Roberts was spirited away Just
before the captain was to be tried on a
serious charge.
Certain members of the City Council
known as the "High Five" are also
dressed up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Los Angeles Police Officials
Are Charged With
Offenses.
CORRUPTION IS
FULLY EKPOSED
meda city, 'Brooklyn Township and part
of Eden Township. In which district Jo-
FB.ATJEN VZREIN GIVES
CONCERT FOB CHTTRCH
Annual Entertainment for Benefit of
St. Mattherus, at Which.
Ladies Officiated.
For two hours last evening Union
Square Hall echoed to the strains of sweet
music, instrumental and vocal. The occa
sion was the nnnual entertainment of the
St. Mattheus Frauen Vereln for the bene
fit of St. Matthens Church. The Vereln
ha« Mrs. Gompertz for president. Mrs.
Olsen for vice president, Mrs. Mauch for
secretary. MfcB Folke for recording secre
tary and Miss Kochendorfer for treasurer.
The members are all Included In the St.
Mattbeu9 Church, and all the performers
are also In the congregation and Sunday
school. . .
Rev. II. Gehrcke. pastor of the church,
was present, and besides acting as mas
ter of ceremonies made a brief address in
German. Charles Graebers Mandolin
Club opened the performance. Miss J.
Grenlnger sang nicely a soprano solo: two
children. Martha and Anna Ohlandt. play
ed a piano duet very cleverly; Harry Lan
caster and Carl Nickel recited: Miss* Em
ma Thlrbach sang; Miss C. Zinnen played
a violin solo: Mrs. I* Cochius sang, and
the Humboldt Glee Club rendered jrlee
music. The Glee Club Includes G. T. Wal
lace. I* E. Cavalier. R. E. Houseman. G.
T. Rodgers and W. I>. Wel'.lsch. The
Mandolin Club played several times.
When the musical performance was over
refreshments were served and the people
all stayed and had a good time.
Message of Congratulation.
Yesterday Joseph S. Spear Jr.. chairman
of the Fourth Congressional Pistrlct Re
publican Committee, received the follow
ing message from Perry S. Heath, secre
tary ot the Republican National Commit
tee:
CHICAGO. November T.
Hon. Josepft P. Spear Jr.. Palace Hotel. San
Franoisco: U was indeed a sweepinsr victory.
In which you and your State rpndered yeoman
service. PERRY 8. HEATH.
LIKENS COUNCIL
TO WEATHERVANE
Mayor Snow Descants Upon
the -Varied Moods of
City Fathers.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 7.
"If ever It should come to pass that
coats of arms should be adopted by civic
bodies I believe a. weathervane would be
appropriate for the present City Coun
cil." was Mayor Snow's caustic sentiment
expressed to-day nt a meeting of the
Board of Public Works during a discus
sion concerning the purchase of Fire De
partment house sites In the annexed ter
ritory.
For some reason not apparent on the
surface, a faction In the municipal legis
lature has been busily engaged In doub
ling back on the question of purchase of
lease of site for an engine-house. Half
a dozen resolutions have been transmitted
from the Council to the board, and there
have been so many changes of opinion
that his Honor has become exasperated,
particularly In view of the fact that the
board has long Flnce leased one site and
ls about ready to close the lease on an
other one.
The property selected Is a lot on Vernon
avenue, near Telegraph avenue. Alden
leased It from H. C. Babcock at $10 a
month, with option of purchase within
two years for $600. The second site ls at
Klinkner and San Pablo avenues, leased
for $12 a month from Charles A. Klinkner.
with option of purchase for $323.
' Plans for the engine-houses, which will
be temporary structures, will be ready
Monday.
The Board of Police Commissioners re
ceived a communication to-day from Mrs.
Lena Rice, who desires to retain her un
salaried position of City Prison matron,
although she has resigned as assistant
secretary of the Apsoclated Charities.
Mrs. D. C. Borland, who succeeded to the
assistant secretaryship, has been present
ed for the matron's place by the associa
tion. The Police Commissioners will not
directly intei fere, but a suggestion has
been made which will probably settle the
difficulty before the next meeting of the
board.
Chief Hodgklns reported that he had In
vestigated charges made against Police
man Sill by Edward Tharslng and did not
believe they eould be sustained.' The re
port was filed.
Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND. Nov. 7.— Licenses to marry
were lsnued to-day to Frank Herbert Pat
erson. aged 25 years, San Juan, and Minnie
Brown Pearce, 22, Alameda; Manuel Pa
checo White. 24, and Mary Miller. 16. both
of San Leandro: Mlllard F. Boyce. 50.
South Oswego, N. Y., and Zllpha Harris
Boyce, 48, 8an Francisco; Manuei A.
Neves, S3, Irvlnfrton, and Emma Martin.
16. Decoto; Gilbert Fuller Graham, 29. and
Ida Goodrldge Blanchard, 30. Massachu
setts.
SUPERVISOR BOOTH WILL PAY.
Hust Roll Peanut Up Stairs With a
Toothpick.
Supervisor James P. Booth will pay an
election bet to-day. That ls, he will pay
it if the day is long: enough and If he pos
sesses the necessary skill to roll a pea
nut up the five flights of stairs of the
Press Club building with a toothpick.
Booth's bet was made with F. N. Moore,
another. member of the Press Club. Moore
haa luxuriant red whiskers and he agreed
to shave them oft and present them to
Booth on a platter If Bryan' should be
elected. Booth's end of the wager had to
be something different, for he has no
¦whiskers on his chin. The tooth
pick and peanut feat was agreed upon.
The worthy Supervisor will start early
and presumably will . still be at work
when twlllsht falls.
Opening in Masonic Hall Is a Pleas
ing and Very Successful
Event.
The T.adi^' Aid Society cf the Memo
rial Presbyterian Church opened their
arnual bazaar In Masonic Hall. Four
teenth and Railroad avenues yesterday,
and will continue to-day and to-morrow.
The display of fancy work, needlework,
liric-a-brao and other articles Is larger
end finer than in any previous year. The
<5<->oorationf« are attractive and in gr>od
taft<". Thosp In chaipe of the various de- f
jartmpntf are aF follows:
Lunrh evi i^e rream tfihlps— Mrn. George W.
Kdlry. llr*. P. Ayhne* Jr., Mrs. K. \Valr»th.
Mr?. Mcftoddao. Mr». Jrhn H»<«. Mm. <"harl*s
XJonxrt. Mr«. IwmiC. Mips Jennie Bum*. Mlik
V. Robinson.
Fancy article* ar.<l fin* n»^<il<»work— ilrs. T.
C Iy:.ry an<l Mrs. May He hmerkenbeok.
lmm«tiic bor-th— Mrs. O. A. tVella and Mm.
B. B»>vier.
Japam-H' bnr»th— Miss n<ina Ftummy, Miss
O.-rtru'io Ri*c, Mtsa Emma Krahn. Miss Dar
t.irH ¦ cc- and Mtsu Eva Robbins.
Delicacy booth-Miss Ethel Hyde. MIm IW
tr.ji Nnr.riPrimsi trA Miss I>eona Ayhnes.
Youw ladies' fancy booth— Mis* Hrpina Mo
*'-.?;r>»!l »n.i Mi?< O<»rtnJ<le Ommutt.
'¦rnf«-!iim»rv booth— Mn». J. G. Hndrk!n«.
V.if* Alice Ayhne* «n<l Ml.«s J. Robin*
ftm.
Tnma!* booth-Mis* Addif Walrath, Miss
Kriima Eggei» and Mi** Annie EKperR.
nioj.ham srah bat— Mrs. II. McLKHjjrall and
Mrs. H. X. Kwier.
The entertainment last evening con-
F!5te<l of selections b>* a male quartet.,
cimpofi-d f ,f M. \\\ s. Stocks. Mr. Tomb.*.
J. l^rcrman ar.d Alfre<J Ayhne. a planj
t-'-lpri|on by Miss Edna Slummy and other
ruml>ers.
BAZAAR OF MEMORIAL
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
dacy for Governor. This the Congressman
denies, saying that he ls satisfied to serve
his constituents In the national legislature
if they are so willing.
H<=re arc the complete returns from Ala
meda County:
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS.
McKinley 14,347
Bryan 6,673
Deba 819
Woolley 345
CONGRESSMAN.
Metcalf, R. 13.74S
Freeman. D 6.573
DaRue. S. D 400
Held.'Pro 213
SUPERIOR JUDGES.
Ellsworth. R 14.713
Ogden, R 14,747
O'Brien. D 4.832
Holman. D 4,779
Smith, S. D S3f
Lelss. S. D. 710
Sawyer. Pro 301
Clark, Pro 295
STATE SENATOR*
Twenty-Seventh District
Luken.s R 5.441
Griffith. D 1.997
Andrew. S. D 2S7
May. Pro 183
The fisrures of Alameda County are in
teresting. In but one precinct in the
county did Bryan get a vote of more than
two figures and that was In Frultvale
No. 3. a very large precinct, and there he
received 115 votes, but McKinley received
214. Exactly the same thing is to be said
of Freeman, the Democratic candidate for
Congress, and In this Fame precinct he
received 10S votes. The contest for the
banner Republican Assembly district in
the county lay between the Forty-sev
enth District, which comprises all of Ala-
So Alameda County gave the second
largest majority in the State and th»
largest majority In proportion to the total
vote cast, for the McKinley vote was more
than two to one. This county has elected
a complete Republican legislative ticket,
a complete Republican Board of Super
visors and a complete Republican judi
ciary. Even San Francisco, with its big
majority of figures, cannot show a vote
of two to one for McKinley.
The Republican nominees for Superior
Judges— John Ellsworth of Alameda and
F. B. Ogden of Oakland— made most re
markable runs and their majorities will
be almost 10,000 each. They ran far ahead
of the national ticket, owing- to their per
sonal standing r.»id popularity and to the
feeling that It Is best to retain a good
iudiclary, which Alameda County is ac
nowledged to have.
"White. D 742
Pratt, S. D 99
Forty-Ninth District
McWade. R 1,874
Gelder. D 1.321
Forsberg, S. D 141
Phillips. Pro 33
Fiftieth District
Bliss, R. 3.042
Mera, D 850
Philbiick. S. D 105
Humphreys, Pro 42
Fifty-First District
Foster, R 3.37 J :
R»boll. I> 1.129
Lesser, S. E> 166
Wales, Pro 123
? SUPERVISORS.
First District.
Homer. R 1.2S«
Wells, D 1,113
Fourth District.
Rowe. R 2.<>3<)
English. D 1,553
Renton, S. D 96
Roeth, 1 6ti
Tiffany, 1 211
Fifth District.
Mitchell. R * 3.STI
Landregan, !"> 1 <>j»:
Bradley, S. D £r>
Pelouze. 1 502
The vote on Berkeley Justices of the
Peace was a? follows: Edgar. 1165; Lloyd
674; Lord, 330.
There was great rejoicing In Oakland to
day until the returns from San Francisco
came In. and then Oakland found that It
had lost the banner in a direction that It
did not expect.
•%• ,
across the bay and is prepared to surren
der the banner.
But in giving up the banner to the big
city Alameda County does not feel at all
chagrined, for never before In her his
tory has such a majority been given for
any President, and many years has Ala
meda held the banner. It must be con
fessed that the Republicans of Alameda
County did not look upon San Francisco
as their ?onpetltor for the Republican,
banner. Their attention was directed to
ward L*>s Anpeles County, for this is the
only county In the State that has ever
wrested the jrecious bit of Fllk from Its
resting place with the Oakland Republican
j Alliance. The Republicans of Alameda
County were a little surprised in more
ways than one in this unlooked for out
come cf the election. In the first place, It
was hardly expected that Alameda Coun
ty would give much more than the 5000
i majority that It pave four years atro. In
the second place, it was thought that this
majority would ea*ily be more than any
possible majority that either San Fran
cisco or Los Angeles countier could give.
When the figures from Alameda County
bejran to come In last night and it was
seen that the McKinlev majority would
be nearly 6000. and when it climbed to 700")
and gave indications of reaching 7500, the
people of Alameda County thought that
the banner was absolutely safe, and they
went home w'th that idea firmly implant
ed In their mind*.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.-Wlth a plu
rality of 7674 for William Mc-
Kinley, Alameda County was
ready to do battle with the
State for the Republican ban
ner that it has so often won before, but
when the returns from San Francisco be
gan to come in late this afternoon and It
was announced that the metropolis would
give McKinley between 11.000 and 12,000
plurality over Bryan Alameda County
took its political hat off to the larger city
But Oakland ls consoling Itself with the
fact that In no other county In the State
was a complete Republican ticket elected,
and that there ls but one office-holder In
the county not a Republican, that being
T. C. Crawford, Covnty Superintendent of
Schools, who was elected two years ago.
There was some trepidation in the Re
publican ranks over some of the candi
dates, but the only district that was the
least close was the First Supervisorial,
which ls normally Democratic, and where
Thomas D. Wells, the Democratic candi
date. Is a wonderfully popular man.'
In But One Precinct Did the Number
of Bryan Ballots Deposited Pass
Two Ficnirp^ r
1 WU 1 igUICS..
seph R. Knowland ran. and the Fifty
first District, which comprises the Sev
enth Ward, part of the Fifth Ward. East
Berkeley and some smaller precincts, m
which Dr. N. K. Foster ran. Foster took
the palm away from Knowland by a very
small majority, he deceiving 2245 majority
against 2068 for Knowland. Each of these
candidates got a vote of thre« to their
opponents' one.
The tremendous vote given Congressman
Metcalf makes him the active leader of
the party In Alameda County, and there
are whispers abroad of his possible candi-
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Forty-Sixth District
Mattos. R 1.7S5
May. D f.... 1.175
Russell, Pro 6
Forty-Seventh District.
Knowland. R 3.094
Bartlett. D 1.016
Altona, S. D 225
Vancrom. Pro 43
Forty-Eighth District.
Kelley. R. _ 1.485
Must Be Consoled With Knowledge That
Majority Is Greatest in Proportion
to Vote.
j:; iirswor tr> a quesUon Mr. Frohman
explained his views a* to the separate ex
'.-•••oe of the city and county govern
ment.'
¦*Tner« is no city ar.d county covem
r;»T.'.." paid Mr. McEnerney. addrepsinBT
Mr. Frnhrr.an. "It was aboMshed In IS06.
v.h;ch the (Supreme Court has decided In
the case of Martin against the Board of
}:¦:;:• .it ion."
-We claim that such a condition is lm
j>o^!-il>l<»."' arffr^d Frohmar..
Afi'-r some discussion as to the status of
deputies— at to whether they are "offi
r*>r " c under th* meaning of the- constitu
tion limiting the tenure of "officers" to
not more than four years — a continuance
Until this mr-rning wa-^ ordered.
Attorney Frohman, representing the
firm at Oarber. Creswcii & Garber. argued
en behalf of tht< blalctlff. He asserted
that there had never been a complete
ni»Tsr*>r of the city ar.d county grovera
nWBti ai:d that a clear distinction exist?
between them. I'pon this liieory he ad
vanotd the argument that the < harter orw
soltly a city povernin^ instrument and
That the county government act Ftlll pre
vailed in matter? pertaining poiHy to the
county pov^rr.ment.
Thus, he claimed, the Hoard of Supervi
sors was divested of authority so far as
Tlif^ < <">unty c^vfrnincnt was concerned,
and it could maintain jurisdiction over
matters pertaining solely to the city.
There should be a County Board of nv;
iTH'mbrrs. the attorney paid, and her.ee
tl<e action? of the Board of Supervisors
i:i the regulation of county affairs were
riot warranted under the law. The legal
ity of the appointment of the clerKs of the
Police Court. wV.loh i? purely a municipal
tribunal, by th* County Clerk was ques
tioned by the lawyer. This question went
to the I^pality of the proceedings Jn the
local Police Court? an I a? to the author
liy for the payment of the salaries of the
cierks until such time as the legality of
ih'ir appointment shall have been deter
rr.ined. he paid.
The attack of po-callfd city and county
officers on the civil service provisions of
the charter opened yesterday afternoon
b'fore Judge Hebbard. J. T. Crowley ap
pears as a plaintiff in the action and as a
Taxpayer he pp^ks an Injunction restrain
ing The Civil Service •"ommission from In
curring further indebtedness by holding
examinations for clerks to serve In th;
ofneep of the Assessor and Tax Collector.
Oaii*»r. Croswell & Garber and Campbell
& Metson appear for the plaintiff and
Garret McEnerney and City Attorney
Lane for the <lefer.se.
On Behalf of Plaintiff It Is Con
tended That Municipal and
County Governments .
Are Separate.
Argument on Petition for
Injunction Heard by
Judge Hebbard.
FIGHT AGAINST
CIVIL SERVICE
Le Conte was then called and went Into
a long detailed statement of the cost of
construction work of the Contra Costa
Company since 1^6. his estimates bein>»
based on data furnished to him by Engi
neer? Boardman and Hewson of the water
company. Because of Hayne'j vigorous
fight on the 1SS6 report, which covere 1
data upon work done before that year.
McCutchen abandoned his inquiry along
that line.
Dingee had no personal knowledge of
the way the two systems have been con
nected since the absorption.
Hayr.f continued to press Dingee upon
the number of consumers the Oakla ¦ 1
company had. but the water magnate
could not answer
"Why." Dingee plaintively declared as
the ghost of the old rate war loomed up.
"sometimes there would be thirty sub
scribers a day cut off from our company
because the Contra Costa people offered
to supply them at 5 cents a month less."'
Dingee finally came to the conclusion
that there were about 9000 taps, of which
3fHX» were not In service.
SlcCutchen said the engineer would use
it only as an aid in refreshing his mem
ory.
Hayne ascertained from Le Conte that
most of the data wa3 given to him by
Anthony Chabot. Judge Hart ruled la
Hayne's favor that the engineer could
not use the report for the purpose in
tended, because of the hearsay nature of
Its contents. But the water company waj
given the privilege o? introducing the doc
ument as Independrnt evidence, if the at
torneys deemed best.
The morning session opened with a con
tinuation of the cross-examination of Wil
liam J. Dingee. vice president of the Con
tra Costa water Company. Again was
demonstrated \he serious inconvenience,
to aay the least, that has been caused by
the destruction of the \arlous water com
panies' hooks that existed before the cor
porations were combined. Attorney Hayne
found that Mr. Dingee was not able to
give him much of the information he
t-oujcht. and ¦which was lost, apparently,
at the incineration of the books. For In
stance. Mr. Hayne desired to know how
many consumers the Oakland Water Com
rany had in the city of Oakland. Mr.
Ungee could not tell, claiming there ha,!
been no segregation of those Inside ar.d
outside the city limits.
Mr. Dingee could not tell positively
what portion of Oakland was covered by
the Oakland Water Company's pipe sys
tem. Up thought that very much morij
than half the city was piped by that com
pany and he was sure that the system
had supplied relatively half of the con
sumers In the city prior to the consoli
dation.
"I do not know that the witnesa ob
tained any information from the City
Council while he was employed by the city
of Oakland."
But Hayne made one point stick fast.
When Le Conte produced an original o£
his report, which he had preserved. Hayne
wanted to know where the information
came from that formed the basis of the
document.
Attorney McCutchen came to the em
barrassed engineer's relief by making a
lone argument about the difference be
t»*»n Le Conte's attitude and thai of ti:o
lawyer, physician or clergyman to a
client. MeCutrhen insisted that I>» Conte"*
report, although made for the city, wa.* a
public record and that it could be utllUM
by anybody desiring :o reach it.
MoCutchen did not mention the fact that
the report b missing from the riles in the
City Clerk's office.
Judge Hart allowed Le Conte to testify.
Said his Honor:
Oakland Office Fan Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Nov. 7.
Engineer Iyvjis J. \je Conte. who waj
employed by the city of Oakland. In ISSJ.
to make an exhaustive report upon th?
valuation of the Contra Costa Water
Company's plant, bobbed up In the rates"
suit trial to-day as a witness for the cor
poration. Not only did Attorney Hayne,
for the city, very strenuously object to Le
Conte' s appearance in that role, but th«>
lawyer made a decided protest against tho
use by the expert of the very report he
had been paid by the city to make. Mr.
Hayne declared that no court of equity
should tolerate such a proceeding.
Engineer Permitted to Testify, Court
Baling That He Is Not De
barred by Law or
Ethics.
BATTLE OVER AN
EXPERT'S STAND
Hayne Claims Ls Conte Has
Been on Both Sides of
the Water Case.
ALAMEDA MOURNS LOSS OF SILKEN BANNER FOR
LARGEST REPUBLICAN MAJORITY TO SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1900.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G G Brooks ft w. Cal
W W Brown. Colusa
H H Hayford. Omaha
J H Gardiner, Cal
W Meyers, Stockton
F L Llppman. Berkley
W Palache, Berkeley
N W Mallory ft w, Cal
E Swinford. Colusa
A M Cook, Yolo
W McKinney. USA
O P Dlldock, Stanford
J Kullman, Benlcla
W'C Swain, Cal
C A Burp, Sacto
C D Hyland. Cal
J MacBair & w, Menlo
T Owens, San Jose
A Brown, Cal
G P Morgan. Cal
J N Miller. Oakland
L A Grant, . Washlngtn
W P Jones & w. U 8A
J H Wray, Petaluma
O Scribner, Vlsalla
A Machomich, Boca
G M Westcott. Concord
H C Reed, Cal
G F Ditzler, Biggs
A B Cole. Salt Lake
G H Heda-es. Pitts
A J Waterhouse. Cal
R Allison & w. Alaska
W S Levy, Seattle
W C R Hogan. Stanfd
C E Nash. Illinois
A A Davidson, Vancou
J W Fuhner, Cal
A Dinklage.N T
E R Westcott & w, Cal
L R Prince," Boston
H ¦ Brown. Nairn
H A French & w. Or
Mrs W A McGill, Cal
G Mirliavacca. Napa '
H J Bourrel. Lockford
IR Keating, Cal
>C E Hall. Sacto
W G Hunt ft w, Loa A
Mrs M G R Niles. N Y
Miss L Eddy, Sta Barb
C Llnkenbach. BkrsfUd
W Crosby. Bakerefleld
K Mason, Bakersfleld
C B Shaver, Fresno
H W Keller, Los Ang
T Holland, Phlladelph
O T Farmer. St Louis
AJ Farmer ft w, N T
H W Helsa. N T
Dr Taylor, Llvermore
Aug Knab. Cincinnati
J Lyons & w, Oakland
A H Jarnian, San Josa
A L Adams, Los Ang
J D Schuyler, Los Ang
O Never, Paso Robles
J Plncuss. NT
K Nambee, Japan
W I, Jones, Milwaukee
NEW WESTERN HOTEU
O Ellison. Eureka
ODAmei, Chicago
E G Loomls. Chicago
J Sullivan, Boston
C Nygaro, Vallejo
A 8 Casper, Denver ¦ ]
WL Davis Aw, Cal
M J Henry, Stockton I
R N Duckett. Eureka I
Mrs F Tate A Children,!
Salem. Or
J N Bachelor, S Rosa.
J James. Inyo
E E Baker, Los Ang
L Wartenberg. L. Ang
« Sydark. Cal
J Cook, Va
C A Sparks. Boston
H Wolff & w, Cal
W E Wallace, Fresno
N W Berry, Cal
W B Waycott. Cal
L G Dlnwoody. Stanfd
M Strouse. Berkeley
R A Matthews. Cal
J M Oll%-er. Alameda
E II Pierce, Cal
II H Harris, Berkeley
E C Sessions Jr. Oakld
F W Belcher. Eureka
Mm M J Skinner, Cal
E W Wells. Eureka
11 W Skinner. Eureka
C Wetzlar. S Barbara
J T Kdulln. Fresno
H McCarthy & w, Cal
Rev J H Phelps. 1 Mich
Mary E Prelps. Mich
T Gilbert. Berkeley
K C Hart. Sacto
W LowelL Sacto
Mrs J E Merritt, Cal
G Stracham, S Jone
J S Forrest, San Jose
J P Foley & w. Cal
M J Wright, Sacto
L C White. Del Monte
A Seolarl & w, Lornpoc
O G Wood. Seattle
D R Stephengon, L An
R C L-uvrenee, Boston
R Stenhouse. Algiers .
IF M UiiFt & w, N T
IH G Powers. Crockett
'C Howe & w, Loa Ang
PALACE HOTEL.
A Dlnklaye. NT
M J Green. San Mateo
R A Green, San Mateo
P A Martin. Stanford
Otto Stelnn. Oakland
A C Foster, Oakland
AW Kelly. Berkeley
H B Taylor, Oakland
W Nead. Keswtck
Max Oberfelder, NT
Mrs Oberf elder. NT
W H Andrews. NT
Mrs Andrews. N T
T. L. Smith, Denver
B E Green. Lob Ang
Mrs Roberta, SU Cnu
SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES
FOR STATE SENATOR,
JUDGES AND PUPKRVISORS
IN AUMEUA COUNTY.
9
ALCHEMIST SPEAKS
Of Prcdigested Food.
"Atttr having tested and tried every
form of predlgested food on the market.
end "xporimenting In my own family, my
attention was attracted to . an article
r^a<5c<J 'Brawny Scots' Diet,' mentioning:
epps and Grape-Nut*. I carefully tested
tho new food and finally begjn Its use in
my family, with most pratlfylnR results.
"My little boy at that tinie was a pale,
rnaemlc child and very poorly nourished.
Now. thanks to Grape-Nuts, he ls as fine
a ppftc:men of infantile strength as I could
v.lsh for. My own personal experience
moans much to me. For some years I
ub> troubled with dyepepsla; that I«, I
could not eat bread or any preparation of
Lolled wheat flour, such as cake or any
of the starchy preparations, without a fit
of indipmlon. sour stomach, costiveness
and headache.
"As soon as I quit that sort of food and
¦used Grape-Nuts, which has the starchy
part predlgrested, I began to recover. The
change has been remarkable. • I formerly
wolgned 122 pounds and now weigh 137.
Am strong, have more nerve force than I
over possessed, appetite perfect, sleep
rcund and can endure any amount of
work. I know exactly where the change
fJMM come from, and it Is from your truly
fccientlfie and wonderful food, which is
worthy of the highest commendation."
Chaa. B. Prior. C. of P. Claa» *M. Middle-
town, tt. Y.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stiff©
of the Diseasj.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by the Stats
Medical Institute. 233 Elektron building-. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such In-
dications as mucous patches in .the mouth,
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancres',
uleeratlons of the body, and in hundreds of
cases, where the ha!r and eyebrow* had fallen
out and the whole skin was a mass of bolls.
pimples and ulcers this wonderful specific haa
completely chansed the whole body into a
dean, perfect condition of physical health
Evtry railroad running Into Tort Wayne brinzi
score* of sufferers seeking this new and marvel,
ous cure, and to enable those who cannot travel
to realise what a truly marvelous work the In
stitute is accomplishing they will send free to
every iuSertr a free trial treatment, so that
•very one can cure themselves In the privacy
of their o-wn home. This Is th» only known
cur« for Blood Poison. Do not hesitate to
write at once and the frea trial will be s«nt
•ultd is plain packAga.
Queen Victoria has not worn her crown
more than twenty times during her whole
reign.
APVEB.TTSETtf"ENTS.•<HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, : JNUy-JSMBJSK ':», itfUU.
10
YOUNG German wants position ' aa <¦ porter or
anything; best references. Box 100, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been' established at 1096
Valencia, at. , ,
CLAESIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ft>f flee. 2200 FUlmore st.
GIRLS to learn book folding. 538 Clay street.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
.1731 Folsom St.; bet. 13th and '14th.-
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, -watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave. :
COOK wants work: good, careful cook; or
would go as second cook. T. SMITH J18
Minna St. ¦ # ¦ ¦•
FIRST-CLASS cake baker wants situation In
bskeshop at hotel; strictly sober man. Box
2045, Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION by coachman; first-class gardener
and driver; sober, reliable trustworthy; 6
years last place; best references. Box 87.
Call office.
TWO steady, sober young men want situations
as firemen In city or country; references fur-
nished. Address box 91, - Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener with all experiences
In every branch of gardening; single; very
handy In first-class private places; best 'ref-
erences. Box 92, Call office.
lMEXT WAXTED— -MALE.
RESPECTABLE young man with first-class
references desires situation as groom with
first-class family, or as coachman in suburbs;
several years' experience. Advertiser, 810
Mission st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 5A.to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
200- LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. 8. WHITE. 516 MIsston st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD * BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. Ban Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WE are paying for dry rabbit and Belgian
hare skins 7ftc to 8ftc per lb. HERMAN
WALDECK CO.. 3» Clay st.~
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought;
will call. L. Bros., 25 Stktn: phone Black 1201.
L. BPARBER & SON removed 634 Mission St.;
pay highest prices for tools and machinery.
.WANTED — Upright Diano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St. ./, ¦
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth Bt. : tel. Jessie 141.
to loah.
ANY amount on , furniture, pianos, without "re^
xnoval. or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or aa a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
; pay it and carry the loan as lone as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see u«
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates ;..
.:'... .Undivided Interests In Real Estate. ""
Financial problems of all sorts and siz»s
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your, friends or you will lose
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay- no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st. ,
ANY amount at « per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in Dro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought- no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. £
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16. first finor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OLSEN?
H . I .? HL , Y / e8 P cctabl e Private place to obtain
e. b t er ™t« dVa R n a C ,H S V d T lam ? nrts . Jewell at low"
'It ¦ ?. m.?^?^ 111 Jewelry Store. 84« Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. •¦;¦
A-S500.000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages ; note* an<? ™t
laterals. J. BROWNSTONe'. ll^nffimer^
L 2A^. 8 ; or M mt * a '- Oty. country: «%;undl-
vi<J«d tnts: estates. HARPER.397 Srrott bSi.
MARRIED lady wants plain sewing or will go
out from 9 a, ra. to 3 p. m. Call or address
MRS. J. C. 3103 Buchanan et.
WOMAN wishes to do general housework; care
for children or sick person; or will cook;
wages $25. 419 Jones st.
PANTS finisher wanted. 253% Stevenson st.
WANTED— Shoefltters and vampers at shoe
factory. 134 Main St.
GIRL wanted to do general housework. 1621
• Geary st.
GIRL for light housework; 1 child. Call Thurs-
day or Friday. 1514 Vallejo st.
GIRL for light housework; kind to children;
wages $7. 1722 Devleadero St., near Sutter.
GIRL to assist with light housework. 1510H
; Broadway.
TAILORESS— Girl to work on vests. 517 Jessie
street.
IRONER— Wanted, a woman to Iron. Sterling
Laundry, 158 First St.
LADIES' tailor wanted; first-class. 143 Stock-
ton et., room 4.
WANTED— Reliable young girl to take care of
two children. Call at 126 Ninth st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; must sleep
at home. Inquire 928ft Guerrero st.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
pelf-assertion; good opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building,
DORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRrS, 15 Grant ave.
RESPECTABLE girl to assist in light house-
work; plain cooking. 30 Valley St.; Ouerrero-
st. cars.
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts; steady
work; good pay. Lo wen berg Co.. 27 Jessie st.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
1704 Fell *t.. near Masonic ave. i ' t
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 d. m.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
314 Hyde at.
WOMAN wanted to do cooking In small board-
Ing house: 322 Main st.
NEAT young girl for light housework; Ger-
man preferred. 451 Guerrero st. Call fore-
noon.
GLOVE banders and binders and driving-glove.
makers. F ARRANT & CO.. 1485 Market st.
HAND sewers on custom pants; also operator
Immediately. 504 Kearny st.. .room 10. -;•¦•;
YOUNG girl for light housework; family
adults; wages $10. 1554 7th St., Oakland.
PANTS finisher: steady work. 110 William st.,
off Geary, near Taylor.
OPERATOR and finisher on pants. S3 Third
street. ¦ . ' ' . .
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
838 OTarrell st.
TAILORESS wanted as pants finisher. 6H
Kearny st., room .18, top floor. ; .
WANTED— Lady tailor; coatmaker: steady Job;
6C6 Fifth St.; Oakland.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by tho
day; housecleanlng or general housework.
-Call 1212A Clay st;
NEAT young girl would like to do second work.
122 Perry St., between Third and Fourth. .
POSITION wanted as working housekeeper by
a thoroughly competent lady. Box 84, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants place as cham-
bermaid in hotel; city. 1336ft Natoma St.,
near Fifteenth.
GIRL wishes situation for general .housework
Address 45 Sacramento st. - ¦
SEWING wanted for ladies and children. 7
Myrtle ave., bet. Geary and O'Farrell sts.
TOUNO girl for upstairs work and sewing,
$20. Call 1862 Seventh st.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS colored laundress wants wash-
Ing or cleaning by the day. 263 Jessie at. , II. A.
COMPETENT girl would like to do general
housework; small family; plain cooking; no
washing; $16. Call before noon, 706 Gough st.
YOUNG German girl wants situation as
seamstress; will do second work; wages $25.
1022 Larkln at.
COMPETENT person wishes situation to do
chamberwork and assist with grown children;
best city references. 1615 Pine st.
DRESSMAKER— Wanted by an experienced
dressmaker, a few engagements by the day.
929 Pine st.
I WANT position to do housework In small
family of 3 or 4 grown-up people; prefer place
in city; no cardF. Call at 227 Second st.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work. Call mornings 1510 Hyde st.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamond!*
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 13 Gran: av*
THE present whereabouts of MR. ALEXAN~
DER KARL ZITTERBARTH. formerly a
clerk, born li>S5. emigrated 18s6. lived in 1SS7
Ir. New York, 22 W. l«th st.. Is wanted by hla
sister. Any Information may be addressed to
the Consulate General of Auslria-HunKary
in New York, or DOCTOR JOSEF HOCKe'
In Vienna (Austria). •
ALL persons are hereby notified that I will
not pay any bills contracted by any person or
\ persons whomsoever without my written au-
i thorlty. H. M. MAYWARD.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
LEDERER Is the hair dresser who gives you
the latest hair styles for the least money 25c
switches. $1 trp. 123 Stockton st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS-Tel. South 732-
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty-, fine uo.
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and XX U:h st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms-
25c to $1 £0 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS. to order on Installments; $15 upward: $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market at., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica Hair Tonic stops the
hair from falling out, price 35c bottle.
A ?. K .» fop un *n u *l*<l D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant aye.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 OTarreil st.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses tit
scalp thoroughly. 5c pkg. Get sample pkg.
DR. LAMOTTE-S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c. all druggists.
E J£ T nT 5 2r r -££? 1 Cf LAXGE * GOFF. successors
to W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto. ; tel. Sutter 2774.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys auperfl&us hair
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter!
EUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
lng Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD'gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores grmy
Pair to its natural color: $1: at all drug3t«t*.
PHYSICIANS AXP~SURGEOXS.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE71fiiriKearny~st^
Xew hygienic sanitarium: supposed lncurabl*
chronic diseases are cured by electro nygler.e.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Offlce and residence..
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE-— COUXTRV For Sale
A NORWEGIAN or Swedish family can^geT^
gcod house And barn in the county for the
winter: rent free; 20 acres of farming land
for rent If desjred near town: good road:
healthy location and good water. Address
P. O. box 274. Santa Cruz. Cal.
ALL the counties; free lists of farms and prop-
erty in bay cities for sale or exchange. M
GRIFFIN. 713 Market St.. r. 1. nr. Call bl<i*.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main st.. Petaluma.
for. free cony Sonoma Co. bargains: n«w«dltlon.
PERSONALS.
RAO carpets wove to order alid^ror~saie^al3»
chenille- wove rugs, sl^t portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
CONSTIPATION cured by using the Dilator or
Marvelous Blood Circulator; self-treatment-
no drugs or medicine. 9S2 Geary; consult free!
TRUSTWORTHY, honest lady wants to take
charge of boarding-house for responsible
party; references. 147 Ninth st.
GERMAN girl, 15 years old, wishes place In
bakery or candy store. Address 718% Bryant
St., near Fifth.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist 51S
Taylor st.. bet. Geary* and Post; tel. Black UL
MMK. NEERGAARD. 700 Post; teL Hyd« J9J3-
hours 1 to 5 *re.. ami Sun.lgy hy appo:ntra»n;'
PATENTS AND PE>"SIO>S.
ADVICE free; no charge UHlMTTuccessfuT
GF.O. P. CAMPBELL, Lawyer. Examinerb-y:
PHOTO and magic lantern goods bought, sold
exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
L0-TOX Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rafk, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN wanted to do washing every Monday
Call 2217 Sacramento st.
FAMILY washing to be taken home. Address
'MRS. H.. box 93. Call.
YOUIsO women's boarding home; 127 Turk; est
by Christian, ladles; board & Iodg., $3 wk. up
GIRL for cooking and general housework in
small family. 3740 25th St., cor. Fair Oaks.
GOOD obliging woman wishes situation to do
general housework: good plain cook and laun-
dress. Address 270 Jessie st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; good care of children.
Call at 68-76 Ellis st., room 53, bet. 1-3 p. m.
WAITRESS, small country hotel. 35 miles from
city; girl to wait at table and assist with
laundry; wages $22 50. Box 116, Call office.
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or ga*oltne engine.
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Cate ave.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month: write for catalogue and prlc*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
Bt. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
MIDDLE-AGED woman from the East wishes
position as nurse and seamstress. Call or ad-
dress 25S>£ Tehama st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
eto. WHITELAW. H6 Spear st.
YOUNG girl wishes work In family; no wash-
Ing; wages $12 to $15. Write or call 4 Vernon
place, oft Hawthorne st.
WANTED— Experienced seamstress for altera-
tions; state experience, reference, salary.
Apply box 2115. Call office.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and general
housework; good wages and a desirable place.
Apply 313 Call building.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 62S and 630 Clay st., near Kearny, ha*
just started; storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mall attended to.
YOUNG girl would like place In email family
where she can attend evening school; good
cook; would do second work or care for
children. Call 701 Florida St., cor. Nineteenth.
GIRL wanted to assist light housework and
take care of baby; good home. 1632 McAllis-
ter st.
PROVEN ol! lands In the Kern River field
for sale; no stock proposition: no wildcat
•cheme; this Is sure territory in th« largest
and best known field in California, If you
want to form a company buy good land on
the line of the railroad. NEWTON. CARM \N
& SOMES. S. C. MASON, agent. 11 Mont-
gomery st.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
A GERMAN second girl; good waitress and
seamstress. Apply Mrs. Norton. S13 Sutter.
RELIABLE woman wishes place to work -by
the day or would do housework: not afraid
of hard work. Address MRS. H., 1 Sumner
St.. first door, second floor.
E 31 PLO V3I EX T W'A XTE D — FE MALE.
WOMAN free from home cares can secure per-
manent position by addressing at once box
3900, Call office.
ALTERATION hands on suits and Jackets:
highest wages, but only best hands need ap-
ply. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
WANTED— An educated young woman as gov-
erness and lady's maid; one willing to assist
with housework; good wages, splendid home,
for right party. Apply 313 Call building.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
B»Rt help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
A BEAUTIFUL solid U-karat gold watch with
a very fine American movement: the case In-
laid with Cal. gold quartz; was made to order
for $130; to be sold for $60. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Id-hand machinery. Mc^
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A COOK, $30; houseglrl, $30, two In family; sec-
ond girl, Oakland, $25; two cooks, $25 and $30:
girl to work In a grocery store, $15; woman
with a child, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell ; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Waiters.eooks,
dishwashers; est. 1S93. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
A LAUNDRESS, country hotel $25
Chabermaid and laundress, city $25
Nurseglrl. 2 children, in a hotel $12
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. : tel. John 2121. 806^4 Stockton.
FOR reliable help send to Open Door Employ-
ment Office. 1272 Folsom St.; tel. Howard 1447.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
....ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY COMPANY....
24 MONTGOMERY AVE
Furnish mechanics, miners
Railroad men. ranch hands
and woodchoppers at short notice. .»
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
Invalid's nurse, $20, references; chambermaid
and laundress. $25. Swedish or German; col-
ored housegtrl. city. $20; houeeglrls, Oakdale
and Santa Cruz. $20; housekeeper, country,
$15, fare paid; Frenc* houseglrl, south, $25.
fare paid; 60 houseglrls; nurse, care of two
children; housegirl. small family. Oakland,
$25. C. R. HAXSEX & CO.. 1M Geary st.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT,
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
8 waitresses, first-class commercial hotels.
$20; 2 waitresses, city, $20; restaurant wait-
ress, $7; 3 chambermaids, to watt dinner, $20
and $22 50; chambermaid, $15; 2 Ironers. $23
and 132 50; plain laundress, institution, $22 50,
and many others.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HAN^E^rX^C^Tr^TpTionT^ra^risi
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' fcpeclallst; home
for patients. 510 Eddy st.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new. and
other great bargains. BRUEXN. 203 Post st.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st.
Acleaningout of pianos for storage: dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. S33 Market St.. 4 elegant uy>-
rla*its at your own price. Shontnger agency.
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Sleek. Hardman. Con-
ovcr & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th« Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrnnrwr. for mailing. tX per v«»ar.
OFFICES ,\>'D STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. S?7 Market St.—
Light sunr.y office?. $15 to $20 per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and use of phone.
LARGE decant store and basement. »93 Va-
lencta «t.. near 51st: bu»tne»» center.
MRa DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist: safe and sure cure. $3; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
NG TOY KEB, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ted; send for testimonials; advice fr«»e. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st. t - corner Kearny.
HIGH-GRADE piano, nearly new. $165. HEIXE
Piano Co.. 217 Geary st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs. 1
practice; guaranteed treatment at office. $J;
any ailment; home for patients: consult free.
542 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. MO Hayes st.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel Polk 891,
furniture & fum'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J, T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3333.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE W'AXTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, eto. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, minlng.mech.. eur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano. M
mo.; hours. 2-4. 6-8. 1235 Market, rms. 119-117.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
ness COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
$100 — FINE large upright piano. 364S Eighteenth
street.
LARGE upright grand piano: must b« racrtflced
In 5 days; leaving city. 332 Turk st.
4 FINE uprights, little used: Shoningcr. Behr-
lnjr. Steinway. Sohmer. Keeffe's. 933 Market.
FORCED to sell fin- upright piano cheap to
recover storage. Warehouse agent, room 21,
Flood building.
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
See. us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st.; Chlckerlng agency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonlon music boxes.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1CO7H Market St.. expert on
diseases of women; 15 years' practice In San
Francisco: a cure guaranteed; $5 at office;
have cured thousands of cases with unexcel-
led success; see free.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Mar-
ket, opp. 5th: world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call en him.
MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Markel-Ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction: perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26,
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs anil
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lo-west: every-
thing possible done to pleaae and satisfy the
customer.
$1CO,000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
sealskins, piancs, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED^
TO LET^3 ; uTnTsiTeT~firr^f^To^ms^r7d"l)ath:
rent 37 50. Inquire between 1 and & p. m. at
623 Devlsadero St., near Hayes.
$9— SUNNY upper 3-room flat. 132S Jessie St.,
off Hermann, nr. junction Market and Haight
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for $1.
$7— 4-ROOM Hats on Victor »t.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brv»nt.
VALENCIA, 443^4— Upper flat of three sunny
rooms; rent $S; key at 444 Valencia. '
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. AV. COR-
NELL, room 53. Thurlow block. 326 Kearny st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.; day
and evening; Individual Instruction. ¦ $S per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. : /catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
thort time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrott. bldg
he would not; be wise.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
EChool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave. *
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
FINE modern flat. 7 rooms and bath. 625 Golden
. Gate ave.. bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
BUSH. 909—3 large sunny rooms and bath
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
OALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; lull course,. $50"; catalogue.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — 8-ROOM fiat; corner: sunny: 2 bay windows
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor."417V4 Third,
FLATS TO LET,
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FOUND— Scotch Collie dos: neck and feet
¦white: owner can have by paj'ing charges.
1551 Mission st.
LOST— Lady's gold watch with enameled face,
fleur de 11s pin; reward. 1621 & Folsom st.
LOST — Morocco covered book: name on It T. A.
MOITOUT. White's laundry. 23 Powell st
Return and get reward.
We are the only house in the city that sells
all kinds of musical Instruments on easy pay-
ments; call and see us and learn how easy
It Is to buy. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket st.
THE Decker & Son pianos excel all others.
The Decker & Son pianos please good players.
The Decker & Son p'.anos last a lifetime.
The Decker & Son pianos are the ones to buy.
THE ZE.NO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
• ket St.. agents.
LOST — Small white dos; brown spot on back,
one on left side; ears tipped brown. Return
to 830 Geary st. ; reward.
PURSE with a pair of turquoise and diamond
earrings; lost between Howard and Twelfth,
Eleventh and Market. Return to 1613 Howard
St.: reward.
LOST— Tuesday, In Tennesse Valley, Marln
County, black and white setter bitch. Flora.1
Return to FRANK VERNON. 1923 Green St..
San Francisco, and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Klbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JANE EVANS, No. 213-742. Th«
finder will please return to bank.
LOST AND FOUND.
INVALID CHAIRS AND TRICYCLES.
SOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase prlco being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$300, $6 cash and $S per month. This is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON' MAUZY. Sole Axent
Sohmer & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Spell-
roan and Hamilton Pianos. IbS. 31). 312 Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time, within
three years and full purchase price allowed ;
the best makers of every trads to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. Jf. per month:
some good pianos for $3. $4 and 15 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearr.y and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
.MUSICAL IXSTUTME.VrS.
COMPLETE course instructions and diploma.
6 lessons. $3: cigarette and other bad habits
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND. 997
Market St.: hours 2 to 5 dally.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amine work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
MOXEY W'AXTED.
WANTED — To borrow. $1500; 6 per cent per an-
num: real estate security. Box 8. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '¦;*.l r -' .;>"<?,
CLASSIFIED advertisements end subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
JAPANESE wants -situation to wash dishes
and help with kitchen work; hotel or board-
lng-house; understands well. 604 Twelfth st..
East Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work private fam-
ily; used to horses: gardening; cooking; use-
ful in general; wages no object. Box 2043.
Call office. Oakland.
MjRSE or valet for gentleman, or courier for
ladles desiring to travel; competent as secre-
tary or reader. Box 74, Call office.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. DILLON, considered by the press and
public as America's : greatest hypnotist;
teaches hypnotism scientifically In class or
private; all rervous diseases and bad habits
cured without the use of drugs. 324 O'Farrell-
HOUSE. 8 rooms and batn: lot 25x137. 1713 Ed-
dy st.. near Pierce: price $4230. t ' "* ~"- -
HOUSE — 6 large nice rooms; modern lmDrove-
ments. Apply 1222 Steiner st. cor. Eddy.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner builJins.
TO salaried people without collateral or Jn-
dorser. S.« F. Discount Agency. 113 Phetan big.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Tavlor st.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. S17 Market St.. room 1.
YOUNG man wants . work of any kind ; very
willing; inside work pref. C. M.. Box 78, Call
A MAN, sober, reliable and trustworthy, wants
position in wholesale house, . corporation or In
any other establishment; best references. Box
87. Call office.
IIXPERIENCED coachman and stable manager
desires employment; strictly sober; best refer-
ences; single: take any trustworthy situation.
Address WALSH. 810 Mission st.
FEED Manhattan food : keeps horses, cows,
' poultry and dogs healthy. 1!33 Folsom St.. S.F.
YOUNG, fresh cow; good milker; gentle. 1312
Folsom st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc Ror Sale
40 HORSES' for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, - harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction salts every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
MOXE Y TO LOAy. '
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We lean mo:i»y to build with:
email monthly payments. HOME BU1LDINU
COMPANY. 222 Sanscme St.. room 2.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salarieJ people without security.
HILL. roi. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1050. Call.
HEMORRHOIDS
WASTED-MALE. • :
A— MURRATlTREAr^"^
•Leading Employment and Labor Agents, •
• ......"...... Want 7 a.'m. to-day* ....;.
btonemasqn harness maker ...... ¦...:.... .'.
«agon makers and wood? workers.. $75 and $90
•Blacksmiths; also other mechanics; 3 miners:
coachman; boys to learn trades; carriage
painter; shingle packer, city.........
*9 milkers, farm hands, etc. ...$26 and found
»30. $2* and found, 9 choremen and boys
5».^ rmers and wives $50, $40 and found
Milker and wife, $40 and found: 12 stablemen,
J» u K8y washers, hostlers, etc., city and coun-
try, $»0, |40, $35, $30, $25 at.d found: 155 wood-
choppers and tlemakers. $3. $2 50, $2. $1 50. $1
a cord; 13c. 12c, 10c each; tools, provision*
and cabins furnished ..*¦
Teamster for coal wagon. ...$25 to $30 and M
toys to drive delivery wagons.. $5 and $6 week
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A ~ H °TEL DEPARTMENT.. Other departments
fcteward for a club '.$40 and found
J-ner and second cook, country hotel, see boss
nere; grocery clerk; 1st and 2d baker. $80 a-nd
tJn & J$ f . ound : 27 cooks, different places, $60.
»-0, $40. $30 and found; some cooks and dlsh-
wasners. same places; come see; 18 dishwash-
ers and waiters. $33. $30. $25 and $20 and found;
second, third and first hand bakers; boys to
arive bakery and other wagons, etc.; pantry-
men, porters, butchers, etc.; experienced deli-
catessen man. $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A ~ BA KERS Butchers
Bread foreman. |20 week, country Alt
fa man on bread, $16 week, country.... Same
Cake foreman. $20 week, country Place
aa hand on cakes, $12 week, country.. Come see
1st hand and 2d hand, same place., fare $1
;•:••. •• $60, $45 and found
6 helpers and 3d hands.. $30. $25, $20 and found
»f,™V e , e . boss here - country.$35, $30 & fd
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
¦ - WANTED.
CO more experienced coal miners.. New Mexico
60 more experienced coal miners.. New Mexico
60 more experienced coal miners. .New Mexico
__ Best of Wages
FREE FARE... FREE FAKE... FREE FARE
Ship Saturday
¦ _; „ See party here
C. R! HANSEN7& CO.... 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'s.. 104 Geary Bt
RAILROAD WORK
6 stonemasons. R. R. work. Nevada.. $3 60 day
3 stone cutters, R. R. work, Nevada.. $3 50 day
£? teamsters. Coast road !.$2 day
FREE FARE.. .SHIP DAILY-FREE FARE
A-THREE carpenters, country, $3 50 a day; 6
carpenters, near city. $3 a day; 6 wood chop-
era, Sonojftia County. • '
_ , t ,A l0TEL - DEPARTMENT.
Chef, $101: second cook. $75; .3 restaurant
"«« 3 t'.* 10 and $12 week; hotel baker,
city, $40; baker's helper, hotel, city.' $30; 6
waiters, $25 and $30; dishwashers, kitchen-
hands, etc.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..'. 104 Geary st.
A — SIX- colored waiters, first-class country
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 1Q1 Geary St.
A WASHER, hand laundry, country hotel, $30
and found and fare advanced
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Ge ar y et.
A CLERK for office work. 130 to $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED ~~ ]
Driver for milk wagon $35*and 'found
Driver for bakery wagon. $30 to $S3 and found
2d or 3d hand baker, country shop,- $30 and
found and fare paid; 2 teamsters, country,
1.6 and found; 2 laborers, country, $26 and
found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
SHORT order cook, restaurant. $10 week; 2d
waiter, country. $20. Miss Cullen. 325 Sutter.
A MAN to buy a route; good paying business.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A— 2 bricklayers. 5 cabinetmakers. 8 bench
hands, 3 sticker hands, 2 shaper hands. ME-
CHANICS' REGISTRATION BUREAU. 410
Kearny st.. room 9; non-union mechanics
please register; new Jobs dally; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
n.ent. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — A first-class horseshoer. Ap-
ply City Street Improvement Co.'s yards,
Seventeenth and Harrison sts. ,
A BOY 15 to 17 years for office work. Apply in
own handwriting: with references to R. T. K..
box 99, this office.
WANTED— Experienced hosiery salesman; state
age, experience, reference, salary. Apply
box 4063. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS all around tailors .wanted; call
early to work. 651 • Sacramento St., below
Kearny.
WANTED— Boy to work In grocery store; one
from the country preferred. Twenty-sixth
and Sanchez. Fischer's grocery store.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 25 Sutter st.
LIGHT Janitor work with room for batching;
small salary. , 1327 Market st.. Hoover Hall.
LABORERS, pick and shovel, with board. 14th
ave. and N St.; take Kentucky-st.' cars.
WANTED— Good boy to learn plumber's trade; I
small wages to start. 10 Maeon st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on ladles' Jackets. A.
KAHN, 142 Geary St.
2 PHOTOGRAPHERS, vlewest and printer. In-
qulre 220 Third St., upstairs.
BOY to learn printing trade, $3 week first year.
Young Folks Weekly, 516 Commercial st.
DISHWASHER wanted; $15 a month. Address
J. COLE, 162 First st.
LUNCH waiter: apply immediately. Troy
Hotel. 506 Twentieth st.. Potrero; U. I. Wrks.
JEWELER for Job work; state wages. Box
j-117, Call office.
WANTED— Night cook. $10 week. FISHER'S
Bakeiy, 866 Washington St., Oakland.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 17 Washington st.
BOY wanted in Union Square Market. Stalls
1 and 3. Powell and O'Farrell sts.
STEADY man with $125; will pay $60 a month;
no experience required. 1016 Market, room 10.
EOOTnLACK at 1905 Fillmore st ; wages $S
per week.
BOOTBLACK. 947 Flllmore st., corner McAl-
lister; will make $S per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ERRAND boy wanted at LEON LEMOS', 1117
Market St.- /_
ERRAND boy for tailor shop; $2 BO per week.
I 8S8 Howard, bet. 4th and 5th. over ball oourt.
¦WAITER wanted; all-round man wanted. 37
Eddy st.
WANTED— Two first-class coatmakers. M. J.
KELLER CO., 1157-59 Washington St., Oak-
land. ,_
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— Good alteration hands at E. MES-
SAGE K'S cloak store. 145 Post s st.
WANTED— A Goodyear stitcher. 134 Main st.
WANTED— Young man to make himself gener-
ally useful in an oyster house. 2801 Folsom.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at. 6 p. m.,
YOUNG man with $175 can secure steady em-
ployment: must be satisfied with $70 per
month. Box 79, Call office.
WANTED— Boys about 15 or 16 years old , for
retail dry goods; 6 o'clock house. Address
box 85. Call office. .
BEAM hands and table hands. H. N. COOK
BELTING CO., 317 Mission st. , \
GROCERY clerk who understands horses. N?
I W. cor. Twenty-first and Mission sts.
WANTED— First class ladles' tailor; also first
class coatmaker at once. P. GLIXMAN.
Vallejo, Cal. . ¦ - . ¦
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted : free sitting
room and high prices paid. P. S. NORDEN-
SHULD. 1257 Broadway. Oakland. '
COATMAKERS and operators wanted on cus-
tom coats. . 304 Tehama st.
BARBER shop for sale In country; good show
for married man. Apply at 106 Ellis st..
DECKELMAN BROS.
WANTED — A place to stop for ths winter — This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento St., near Montgomery: one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCRBERY, Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to , know
that Ed ' RolKln. Reno House proprietor,- still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Ciay st.
TENSIONS— J.H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm. 806 Market, rm. 40, Phelan.bldg. ; pension
vouchers : executed, 25c; advice free. "
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. IIS Kearny.
GET I your shoes half soled while . waiting, 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. . 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
: 20c. : ; Boston ; House. 930 Howard St.
BAILORS." ordinary - seamen ." and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. 8; F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st. : ¦-:¦•.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms/ 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ¦ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
THE employment department of the Y. M. C.
A. furnishes only reliable young men. Ma-
son and Ellis sts. ; phone Bush 17.
YOUNG man. 20 years of age, would like to
learn the electrician or blacksmlthlng trade.
Address JOHN CONNOLLY, 820 Folsom st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED 3IALE.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work: teeth without a plate: fillings, &0c;
crowns, $3 50; plates, full set. t5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth Et.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, E>Oc; gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk tt
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of terth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction.
60c New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell 6t.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our i specialty! gold crowns.
$3 £0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DENTISTS.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
nrEINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Sail, corner of Market and Third streets, open
mtll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
torner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes etreet; cpen until 8:S0 p. m.
C9 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
3S41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
TI61 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
:-t!l 9 j). ra.
106 Eleventh etreet: cpen untfl I p. m.
1C3« Valencia street: open until S p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second «nd Ken-
tucky Ftreets; cpen cntll g p. no.
MEETIXG NOTICES^
». REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buec* .__,
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. 'or
Scottish Rite cf Freemasonry, will be f\
held in Commandery Hall. Masonic *j\
Temple. THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- K&&
ING. Nov. E. 1900, at fc o'clock 6harp. ue-
greos 4 «ad rRT BrRyEH . Secretary.
WISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— ¦
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _/\-
EVENING 7 :S0 o'clock. Mark Master J\J\
Degree. By order of the H. P. ' '
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
rAUFORNIA Lofice No. 1. F. and A. ¦
!.!., will meet THI3 (THURSDAY)
EVENING. Nov. S. at 7:30 o'clock. lt/C
Third Decree. By orCer of the Master. • '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
riPELITY Lofire No. 120. F. and A. M. •
Ppee:al meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third Jvgi e«. T£j\
Master Mfurons cordially invited. !))¦'?'
order of the V*". M.
FKEDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
IOUTH San Francisco Lodse No. 212, «
F. asd A. li., meets THIS (THURS-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock for yL_J\
third degree. Master Masons are cor- / '
fi«n» isvited. 13v order of the Master.
" * E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Ledge No. TO. F. and A. M.— •
Special meeting THIS (THl'RSDAT)
EVENING at T::r o'clock. Third lie- tCJT ,
gree. Master Mascr.s are Invited. By/V >i
order o* the Master. I
J. U. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
iBOU BEN ADHEM Iyodpe No. 112. <^*lU^ >
I. O O. F. — Initiation T'"»-
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. <Ssffi^J~ !
207, I. O. O. F.— Officers and mem- ¦§22£!RS^ I
bers are respectfully requested to £35?' |
tltend meeting on THURSDAY *^»»»
EVENING at S o'clock. Initiation. By order
I. COURS1NOUX, N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU. Sec.
DIVISION No. 2. A. O. H.— The regu-
lar monthly rneeUnp of this division
¦m-ill be held et Hibemia Hall. 120 _^y"S. i
Ninth St.. on THURSDAY. November jCXS*
t, ju. 7:20 p. m. »>e»
JOHN* KENNY. President
T. UT CLANCY. Secretary.
run S. F. Scottish Thistle Club » ¦%» >.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 5S £*t*7
ING, Fraternity HaH, 32 O'Farrell 'ss{05L£>
i-t., at 8 o'clock. Nomination of of-
tcers. JOHN' ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE VT. PATERSON, Recorder.
INNL'AL meeting— The regular annual meeting
cf the stockholders of the Honolulu Planta-
tion Company trill be held at the office cf
the comnariy. No S27 Market street. Ban
>"ranc!sco. California, on MONDAY, the ISth
cay of November, 1500. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans- i
fer books will close on Thursday, November t
t 2SjO, at 2 o'clock p. m. i
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. |
kNNUAL meetlr.p— The regular annual meeting !
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be hold at the office of the com-
rar.y, No. ZZ~ Market street. San Francisco. |
California, on MONDAY, the 19th day of No-
vember, 1900, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., |
for the purpose cf electing a board of dlrec- i
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and the }
transaction of such ether business as ma/ ¦;
«ime before the meetins- Transfer books .'
¦win close on Thursday, November S, 1900, at
2 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
*-LL can borrow money on Fi!ks, oil paintings |
cr.d bujTEies from COLLATERAL BANK. 15
Grant ave.. near Market gt.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit- j
cble and easier to sell than books or !nsur- '
ence? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bids, j
UOCJLL aper.ts wanted in each Pacific Coast '
county; hip mnney for live men. Address I
•WESTERN FTRICIPE CO.. £9 Main St. ;
iECrp.E agency Xmas novelty: sample 20c.
F.a?t Iir.r-ort Acenr?' Supply Co.. 1125 Market. |
ASPHALTIM ROOPIXG.
t, PELTIERTa^phaIt~roofing, Fide walks; cellar
floors laid, repaired: postal. 11K< Mission st.
ASTROLOGY.
PKOF. PEAREALL, 10T7»^Market st. :'r«Adlnffs7 j
future events; questions; horoscopes; SI up. !
DR. C. TOUSET TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
' pt— Free copy "The New Moon." 763 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
P.. W. KING, attorney at law, 827 Market St..
room €27— Estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all case«: fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
&.DVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without success: collections. G. W. '
HOWE, atty at law. ttO Market, cor. Stockton. •
i. l;i>W. JAHRETT, Hearst bldg.. Ti.ird and I
Market sts.; phone Red E262.
FKEE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates, I
collections. J. A. Mitchell. ZH Montgomery. |
fcl'VICE free: no charge unless successful. "W. j
W. Davidson. S27 Market St., opp. Mason.
U S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bids., 327 Mar- i
kot Ft.: cor.yuUation free: no fees In advance, j
BATH CABIXETS. j
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others i
W..S. BROWN. CO.. agency. 426 Ellis 8t.. S.F. j
BfSIXESS CHAXCES. ~~
fc— il40C>; SALOON; mercantile lunch; 6 fur-
niEhed rooms: located 60 feet from Palace Ho-
tel: rer.t only JGO; a money-making place;
sickness compels owner to sacrifice. Call li.
O. WILKE. l'€H Kearny Ft.
1— ?:7i0; CORNER liquor etore and saloon, one j
block from Call bldg.: place clearing $300 '
per month; lease; a first-class business open-
lng. Call R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny et.
A.— 5450; CORNER ealoon on Kearny st., establ.
mar.y years; must sell to-day; come and make
an offer. R, G. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny et.
I.— 1750— COFFEE saloon, oyster and chop house;
elcee to Alcazar Theater; rent $75; a flnst-
clafs paying business; elckress compels
owner to sacrifice. See IL G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny tt.
ft. — J5000; saloon on Market St.; rent $75. includ-
ing 11 furnished rooms; dally receipts about
XZ f >; mercantile lunch; leaee; first-class pay-
ing proposition. Particulars R, G. WILKE,
i&'iz Kearny st.
1— JECO: EALOON, eetab. many years, on Fourth
ft., rent US; % Uvinz rooms; place located
close to factories where 150 men employed;
a eplendid chance and bargain. .Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2<% Kearny at.
'6.—S3Z0: RESTAURANT on Market St.: rent
KS; a good-paying place; elckness of wife
compels owner to «elL See R. O. WILKE,
26% Kearny et.
A— J2000; LEADING saloon: located between
wholesale bouses. Insurance and mercantile
effices; r'ace established 40 years; known as
cne of the best whisky bars In this city. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
*.— JC50; SALOON and boardinK-house with 10
furnished rooms on water front; rent ItO; 1
years' lease; a good business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— *3£0; CORNER saloon In wholesale district:
place eetab. years; good paying; no r.lrht or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— *S50; CIGAR etore with 4 rooms; rent K5;
place clearing $75 per month. R. G. WILKE,
M4 Kearny st.
I-JW— COFFEE and lunch parlor: best business
part city; bargain. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
PAYING restaurant and furniture of S rooms;
rent of all S3S "a month Gease); will sell with
furniture or without: price $M0. 6CHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. $17 Market et.. bet. Fifth and
Pirth: phone Mint 1S11.
$4&n — SALE or trade, chicken business; stock,
horse. 2 wagons; rent $12 mo. Basile. 3 Eddy.
£Q00-^6ALOOX: near Market; central; full
value rtock; cause eiokness. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
tAKERT. with large brick oven and every-
thing complete: fine country town; cheap;
part cash, bal. time. Lane &. Co., 8C5 Market.
OYSTER and chop house In mountain town';
doing good business; satisfactory reasons for
celling. Ad. L. BALDWIN". Mokelumne Hill.
A BARBER Fhop. 3 chairs, across the bay, for
eale. Address box 13. Call office.
EALOON for Bale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East st.. north of Market; no agents.
riT^— COFFEE saloon; rent only $7 CO; near
Market; a snap. Apply E37 Mission «t.
FISH &rd delicacy store for Bale. Address 246
Virginia gt.. Vallejo.
GERMAN wishes to Invert *3C0 to $*00 In sa-
loon business aa partner. Box 80, Call office.
DA KERS— Portable oven cheap. 2252 Mission
BUSINESS CHAJVCES CONTINUED.
A— BUTCHER shop; best corner location In
city. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at.
A— CANDY and Ice cream, cigars and notion
etore. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at.
A— DELICACY and home restaurant: fine busi-
ness. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— ROOMING house, south Market. 14 rooms;
enap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A — BAKERY, candy, school books, notions; bar-
gain; cheap rent. COWING, 719 Market st.
A— COAL, wood and grain business: fine loca-
tion,- enap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market 6t
A— ROOMING-HOUSE ; fine location; bargain
this day. See COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— SHOE etore; good location: clears $300 to $600
mo.; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A— GROCERY and bar; best ever offered for
Bale, COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt.
A— EALOON downtown; money maker; come
quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market tU
A— SODA water business for one-half Its value;
sickness. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— RESTACRANT In best part of city; must
be sold this day. COWING. 719 Market st.
A— BAKERY: clearing $200 per month; snap.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
WANTED— Single man with J300 as partner In
saloon located 1 block from Hall of Justice.
Apply 42J-425 Jackson st.
J450— RESTAURANT in good running order;
receipts JI5 day: trial given. 233 SUth St.
FOR sale— The best evening paper route in
city. Address M. C, box SJ. Call office.
STATE and county rights for tale in a newly
patented household article; quick seller; big
money. 927 Market St.. room 613.
GROCERY and bar In good location; stock In
eight for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
PER, 337 Parrott building.
A— SNAP
Chop house. 233 Eighth St.
INSIDE route en this paper for tale. Apply
CALL business office. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and sub«eripti6ns
received at Call branch office. K0O Killmore et. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at Wi
Valencia st.
LODGIXG-HOFSES FOR SALE.
ST^B^G~&~C<)Z^7^?Z^V:L9 Market st.
Phone Black 4071.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ALL HOUSES.
21 rooms; Powell; best transient $1-00
15 roomf; Ellis; new and elegant bargain. 1COO
10 rooms; near Eddy; best In city 650
16 rooms; fine corner; all full SoO
? rooms; good location; cheap rent 650
M rooms; sunny; all housekeeping 1600
6 rooms; new; a bargain 175
Many others. Call for list. STENBERG & CO.
HALF Interest In best paying hotel In city;
sure thing; profits Immense. Call for particu-
lars. STENEERG & CO.. 759 Market st.
A. L. WILLEY, room 1?. 916 Market st.
16 rooms, $750; rent with water, $25. Howard,
near new Postofftce: all rented.
15 room?. 11100; rent with water. $G5. Geary
et.: oak furniture; hot water in every room.
29 rooms. J1700: rent 1100; one floor. Market
St.. opposite I. O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for sale or exchange. 916 Mar-
ket Ft.: open from S to 8; phone Black G215.
BUYERS of lodging houses will find large list;
fine bargains In lodging houses. Samples:
102 rooms; rent $64; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $31; price $400.
44 roorr.y; rent $250; fine corner; clears $300 a
rnor.th; price $4000.
\Y> loan money to buyers at V£ per cent.
SCHXVEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
HOUSE 10 rooms; Halght st.; low rent.
House 27 rooms; O'Farrell St., good paying.
House 11 rooms; Van Ness ave.
House 1* rooms; Fourth st.
House 24 rooms.: Geary st. ; rent $100; 11250.
See large list of houses at office.
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Eddy st.
A — 22-ROOM rooming house; central $i(w>
20-room house; first-class l«5O
11-room house. 1475: 6-room fiat 325
20-room house: Eddy; rent $75; only 900
FI?HER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
R. H. WINSTON A CO.. 1026 Market st.
IS rooms; rent $30; only $ 450
SS rooms: rent $50: for 650
60 rooms; must sell; only 5100 j
35 rooms; corner; reduced to SOO i
$475— HOUSE 10 rooms; Post et. : murt be sold
to-day. NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO..
3 Eddy st.
WILL pay cash for lodging-house of 25 to 40
rooms; must be cheap. Box 9, Call office.
ROOMING house of 17 rooms on account of
sickness: cheap. 120A Eddy st.
CAHRIAGES AND WAGONS.
WAGON for sale. S14 Mission et.. stable.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission..
SEW & IM-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nesc. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed.,Frl.
«v'e; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
£13 Eddy Ft., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
EDWARD EARLE, psychic. 123 Powell St.,
hours 9 to 5; Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. busT
medium, life reader; sitt. $L 1164 O'Farrell.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 305 Larkin
St., 10c: sittings daily, 619 McAllister st,
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 133 Sixth St., room 1.
MRS. STODDARD'S complete test readlngs.lOc;
Tues., Thurs., Sun.. 8 p.m.' 278 Ninth; sittings.
MRS. MAXWELL, spiritual meeting to-night;
convincing test 8. 1238 Howard; read, dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, rlttlngs; convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm and clalr. sit $1 59. 12S Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advlco
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS. E14 Taylor St.. near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs.. 2 p.m.; Frl.. 8; dr. 25c.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to t p. m.
REMOVED— The great Inspirational card read-
er; price 2&c and BOc; hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fulton st,
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
lst and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader.me-
dlum; 25c up. 823 Mission i-t-.nr.4th; ring bell.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
adrlce: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEA!VIXgT
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 3M-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents cleaned,
»e yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
C c5f ?IJL5 1 * Jin *' J at *« W y ard, laid at 6c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E, MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CItY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
teL Main i?4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 GoMsn
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS. '
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure
painless: <-onsult'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Putter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency-No~charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
OOTTAGB of 5 rooms and bath; 1306 Ellis mt
Inquire 1221 L&guna st. "~
KOLSOM. 2326-Cottage 7 rooms, bath; large
yard; rent j22. m s
UNION. 213A— Cottage. 4 rooms, bath; rent 13-
no children. ' '
DOG HOSPITALS. ~
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine, 78c; city vi?ite, $1 60- all
¦ nimsts treated: doss boarded. Tel. West 636.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 ran*e. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket st.: telephone South 637.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; iS mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Plr.e st
MK. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S38 Eddy st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y, E. II. Carpenter, pr.STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 1-
The University of Oregon football team
will meet the Stanford varsity on the
Stanford Vb. Oregon.
C. P. Allen. L. P. Bansbach. W. B. Barc
hlsel, G. H. Beebe. J. A. Bentley. R. B. Bid
well. F. H. Boren. W. W. Burnett, V. A.
Caglierl, II. A. Campbell. G. H. Clark. K. F.
Cooper, D. V. Cowden, J. G. de Forest, G.. I.
Emerson. W. M. Erb. R. S. Fisher. A. F.
Frederiekson, A. P. Gelssler. C. E. GUman.
D. O. Grant. W. 8. Hall. W. R» Hamilton. C.
D. Hanverman, H. W. Hill. G. C. Jacobs. R.
B. Knight. H. S. Lee. F. G. Leramon. O. H.
Luck, J. C. Lunt. R. J. McFadden. T. SIcFad
den. J. A. Merrill. G. H. Moore. C. Haramore.
J. T. Nourse. E. H. Nutter. P. Parker, W. D.
Patterson. C. B. Raltt. H. I* Roberta. G. C.
Seeley. E. A. Smith. F. L. Siaker. J. N. Stan
ford. N. G. Symond3. S. Taylor. R. A. Thonsp-
B*n, A. M. Thomson, W. L Traerer. C. M.
Wardall.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 7.—
Manager Glldersleeve to-day forwarded to
Berkeley the list of player9 who are eli
gible to represent Stanford In the annual
Thanksgiving match .with the University
of California. The roll contains ftfty-twd
names and Is as follows:
STANFORD'S FOOTBAIX MEN.
List of Those Eligible to Compete
Against Berkeley.
Mlnnewawa: F. H. Anderson's Crawford Brae*
vs. S. Handy's Twin City Girl; T. J. Crontn's
Daisy Dale vs. J. Carroll's Auckland; R. L.
Taylor's Mose vs. J. Holden's Scottish Chief:
J. Dean's Slsquoc vs. J. Dean's Gallant; E.
Geary's Palo Alto vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rival's Answer; P. Doyle's Liberator
vp. J. I. O'Drien's Wandering Tom: George
Pharman's Miss Skyrocket vs. J. Dennis' Mike
Fenton: J. Murnane's Wild Wave vs. Curtis A
Son's Pysche: J. N. Wood's Cliff Wilson vs.
Mnher & Reid's Bad Boy: t>. J. Healy's Tapi
oca vs. J. P. Thrift's Brutus: H. A. Deckel
man's Ben Klrby vs. Georse Van Bergen' s Red
Angus: H. Lynch's Gamecock v«. Pasha Ken
nel's Reve d' Amour: George Sharman's Black
Hush vs. Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire: J. Cane's
Greenball vs. P. Reilly's Master Mat; Chtarlnl
Bros.' Santonin vs. V. Jackson's Honor Bright:
J. Cans'i Victor Queen vs. Pasha Kennels
Roval Ann; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs.
Captain Clarkron's Headwater: A. Johnson's
Bald sEagle vs. Pasha Kennels' Real Article:
J. Holden's Watchword vs. Russell * Allen s
Talk to Me: T. J. Cronln's Vandal vs. Pasha
Kenneli* Fiery Face: Curtis A Sons' Echo vi.
R. E. de B. Lopes 4 Son's Sara; E. Ge*ry •
Ireland v». Russell & Allen's 6trayaway:
Aeneld Kennels' Flying Taster vs. T. J. R«I»r;«
Warship: M. Dunlea's Erin vs. D. B. Wiley's
High Born Lady; J. Kennan's Sleigh Bells ts.
F. A. McCorab'i Little SUter; P. J. Reilly t
Moonbrlsht v«. E. J. Healy's Uraaia: Russell
& Allen's Belle Clalr vs. J. Mortality's Snap
per Garrison: W. C. Badger's Alameda U»»
vt F. C. Mack's Delia H; J. Smith's Master
Workman vs. A. Johnson's Tod Bloaa: W. D.
V.urphy's Crawford Lais >«. W. H. Crocker^
lone; Curtis -A Son.< Cavalier vs. J. Maher**
Cottonball; P. JncMon's GoWfn Russet vs F.
Phou's Lady Glenklrk: D. E. Wiley's Buckles
vs. J. N. Halterfs Tic Tac: J. H. Perigo s
Bohe v* J. L. Ross' J L R: Captain Cl&rkson s
Golden Garter vs. Russell A Allen's Castaway:
L. T. Barters Best Bargain vs. F. J^nes
Wedgwood: -R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's War
rlgo vs. Ersklne & Jones'" Lavender: T. J.
Cronln's Vixen vs. Russell A Allen s First
Foot.
Open stake, 128 dogs— E. M. Kellogg's Ben's
Babe vs. Connell Bros.' Lord Dunmore; Curtis
& Sons* Shadow vs. \V. Neibert's Lady Like:
H.- Lynch's Lexington vs. Curtis & Sons' War
path- J. Cane's Ml*3~Penrnan vs. Curtis & Sons'
War Eagle; F. Jones' -L*>vlna vs. D. J. Healy's
Lady Clare; Chlarlnl Bros.' Palmyra vs. Rus
tell & Allen's Faithful Lad: J. Carroll's
Master Clalr vs. C. Bonar's Wild Nora; A.
J Kemp's Remember Me vs. J. P. Thrift's
Sir Hughle; Pasha Kennels" Risky Attempt vs.
Russell & Allen's Spiteful: Sterl & Knowles'
Ollta. vs. F. Shou's King's Borderer; H. A.
Deckelman's Belle Rocket vs. E. Geary's Bon
nie Pasha: J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince vs.
C J. Olmo's Ctora Pearl; J. I. O'Brien's States
man vs. George Nether-cot's Floodgate; . Chl
arlnl Bros.' Brass Button vs. J. Mortality's
Klttleroan; E. SI. Kellog£s Iowa Boy vs. A.
Bucher's Kanaka: T. J. Crpnlifs Wild Tralee
ts H. Lynch's Lyddite: J. L. Ross' Wautaush
vs. . T. Doyle's Nora Lawrence: J. L. Ro»?
Doris vs. Joe Trade's Old GJory; F. Shou «
Smuggler vt. George Whitney's Theron; B.
S?vl"s Reannex >s. M. Mlchallkl's Ml as Ma
nila: P. Steinhoff's Veto vs. W. Nieperfs Lum
ber Twig: P. W. Bartela' Mac's Melody ts. H.
Lynch's Emma M; George MeDowl's Colonel
Lopez vs.- R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Wartbee:
George Shaman's Chicago Boy vs. CMarint
Bros.' Bunco Bill: J. Keenan's Lcndln Links
vb. Connell Bros." Mamie rieasant; J. McNeil's
Blackbawk . vs. R. E. d.e B. Lope* . & Son s
At Union Park on Saturday and Sunday
a US-dog stake, containing a remarkably
fine list of hounds, will be run. The draw
Is as follows: ' . ...
Bun Saturday and
Sunday.
Entries Sho* Fine Hounds That Will
BIG OPEN STAKE AT
UNION COURSING PASS
er of Gold beat Sterl * Knowles' Ollta, 11-8:
Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer beat Lowe t
Thompson's St. Oran, 7-5; T. J. Cronln's Van
dal beat H. Lynch's Llnton, 22-16; R. E. de
B. Lopez A Son's Wombat beat H. Gray a
Commander, 12-9; Captain Cane's Miss Penman
beat T. W. Bartels' Beat Brand. 1S-6; Lande
& Gerber's Concord beat F. A. McComb's Royal
Fashion, 28-0; Curtis & Sons'. Kibosh beat t.
A. McComb's Frosty Morn. 5S-10; Pasha Ken
nels' Reve d' Amour beat George Sharman »
The Doctor, $-*: Russell & Allen's Stayaway
beat Curtis *; Sons' Psyche. 10-5.
Second round— Recording Angel beat Flying
Faster, 6-2; Rest Assured beat the Exile. «-2;
Sleigh Bells beat Vixen, 7-3: Scotland Yet beat
Bannockburn. 11-7; Veto beat Cruiser. 8-4:
Cravrford Braes beat Chicago Boy. 10-5: Bad
Boy beat Aeneas. 11-7; Echo beat Round About,
«-0; Blue Mist withdrawn, Beauty spot ran a
bye- Sweetness beat Lady Glenklrk, 18-6; Ban
ner" BrlKht beat Ben Klrby. 8-1.' Flow«r of
Gold beat May Lawrence. -10-4; Reckless Archer
beat Vandal, 14-S; Miss Penman beat Wombat,
12-0; Kibosh beat Concord, 22-9; Strayawty beat
Reve d' Amour, 3-J.
Third round— Sleigh Bells beat Recording An
rel 7-5; Rest Assured beat Scotland Tet. 4-1:
Crawford Brae« beat Veto. 10-8: Echo beat Bad
Boy, 2-0; Beaut jr Spot beat Sweetness, 17-9;
Flower of Gold beat Banner Bright. 18-6; Reck
less Archer beat Mies Penman. 8-!; Kibosh
withdrawn. Strayaway beaten In a bye with
Fourth round— Rest Assured beat Sleigh Bells,
8-2- Echo beat Crawford Braes, 4-2; Beauty
Spot beat Flower of Gold, 9-7; Strayaway beat
Reckless Archer. 9-5.
Fifth round— Echo beat Rest Assured. 4-1;
Beauty Spot beat Strayaway. 5-1. *¦
Final— Echo beat Beauty Spot. Jl-S.
Frank Pears was a young Plttsburger
doing business with his brother in Hon
duras. During some revolutionary dis
turbance he was shot to death by a Gov
ernment sentinel while walking' In the
streets and approaching too closely to the
guard line through ignorance of the lan
guage "of the country. After a thorough
investigation ' of the case the State De
partment demanded an Indemnity for
Pears* family of $10,000. Honduras offered
to arbitrate the case, but the proposition
was declined, and the United States Min
ister was directed to press for settlement.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.-Secretary Hay
to-day received a telegram from Charge
Everett at Guatemala City, saying that
he had received a message from the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs of Honduras in
forming him that the Government of Hon
doras has ordered the immediate payment
of the indemnity claimed In the Pears
case.
From Charge Everett at Guate
mala City.
PAYMENT OP PEARS
INDEMNITY ORDEBED
Secretary Hay Receives a Hessaga
LONDON, Nov. 7.— The Queen has ap
proved the appointment of the Right Hon.
Walter Long, president of th« Board of
Agriculture, to bo president of to« Local
Government Board In succession to Right
Hon. Henry Chaplin: Gerald BaJfocr. the
Chief Secretary for Ireland, to be presi
dent of the Board of Trade In succession
to the Right Hon. C. T. Ritchie, recently
appointed Secretary of 8tate for Horn*
Affair?: George "Wyndham, Parliamentary
Secretary of the War Office, to be Chief
Secretary for Ireland In succession to
Gerald Balfour; Lord Cranborne. eldest
son of the Marquis of Salisbury, to ba
Under Secretary of State for the Foreign
Office In succession to the Right Hon.
William St. John BroderlclJ. recently ap
pMnted Secretary of State for War; Jo
seph Austen Chamberlain, eldest son of
Joseph Chamberlain, to be Financial Sec
retary to the Treasury Department: Lord
Stanley to be Financial Secretary of thw
War Office, and Arnold Forsler to b«
Parliamentary Secretary of the Admi
ralty.
President of the Local Govern
ment Board.
Walter Long Succeeds Chaplin as
QUEEN APFBOVXS OF
MANY APPOINTMENTS
campus next Saturday afternoon. While
the strength of the northern aggregation
Is not exactly known here, the fact that
they held the celebrated Multnomah Club
team of Portland down to a S-0 score last
week Is Indicative of a strong eleven.
Kaarsburg. fullback on last year's Uni
versity of California team, has been act
ing as their coach. Last year Oregon was
defeated by Berkeley in a 12-0 game.
Stanford will enter her strongest team.'
as all the Injured men. with the exception
of Fisher, are {>ack In the game.
Time. H. "-Z5: H. :S0; H. lttfifc Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner.
Burns & Waterhouse's b. g. by Lord Cllfden-Tennie B. Morrissey makes all of his call* In
sloppy weather. Stuart put up a ride on Tiburon that caused a partial eclipse of the flel 1
Classes. He should have been second, and might hare given winner a rub. Hungarian got c<Md
feet early. Maud Ferguson short. Scratched— Jingle Jingle 107, Faversham 104. Lost Girl
101. February 110. Maxello 104, Panamtnt HO.
LORD NEWBOEOUGH j : :
WEDS MISS GRACE CARR
Bride, Who Was Formerly a Kea-
tucky Girl, Given Away by
Embassador Choate.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— Miss Grace Carr of
Louisville, Ky., was married to-day to
Lord Newborough In Savoy Chapel.
United States Embassador Choate Rave
the bride away. Subsequent to the cere
mony the bride's mother and Mr?. Chaun
cey, her Fister. held a reception at the
Savoy Hotel. Lord and Lady Newbor
ough will go to Ceylon via Paris for their
honeymoon.
Atlanta Sails.
NEW TORK, Nov. 7. — The rebuilt
cruller Atlanta sailed to-day for South
America to Join the South Atlantic
•squadron under Rear Admiral Schley. On
her arrival the Montgomery will be re
lieved and return home for repairs.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Results of Races on Aqueduct and
Latonia Courses.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Results at Aque
duct:
Five and a. half furlongs, selling— Judge Tar-
Tin won. Blameystone second. Dy« third.
Time. 1:10.
Five and a half furlongs— Isla won. McAddi*
second. Olade Run third. Time, 1:08 4-5.
Mile and a half— Knight Banneret won. Flnri
xar second. The Unknown third. Time. J:37.
Seven furlongs— Benckart won. Robert Wad
den second. Lady Strathmcre third. Time. 1:30.
Mile and a sixteenth— Prairie Dog won, Ben
Chance second. Hood's Brigade third. Time,
1:50 1-5.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 7.— "Weather cold:
track fast at Latonia. Results:
- Mile, selling— Little Sallle won. Criers sec
ond, Osmon third. Time, 1:43. ;
Mile— Albert F. Dewey wen, Tuscarora sec
ond. Hernando third. Time. l:»3'i.
Mile and seventy yards— Lord Zenl won.
Eberhart second. Branch third. Time. 1:44.
Mile, selling— Zazel won, W. O. Welch sec
ond, Dramburg third. Time. 1:«2H.
Seven furlongs— Qranrlon won. William, Ac'*.
second. Warranted third. Time. 1.29H. *
Mile, selling— J. J. T. won. OUle J second.
G. B. Fox third. Time. 1 «.
Third race— One and a sixteenth miles: three
year-olds and up; selling:
12S3 Campus 101 SOS Dunblane 1M
12S3 Dolore 101 11SS Dare II 9$
1250 Benroe 107 12S7 Horton 107
1290 Gauntlet 107 1299 Imperious 107
Feurth race— Emeryville handicap; one and a.
sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward:
1290 Bangor 110 1292 Malay 102
12S< Morlnel 10» 1283 Grand Sachem... M
IH5 Dr. Bernays 97
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling:
12?0 Castake 101 1203 Sybarls 93
12W5 Good Hope «7 12« Sweet Caporal...l01
1V7 Perseus >7 11*4 Tirade 100
12S7 Pupil 95 1253 Wooster Boy 10S
12S1 The Bobby M 1285 Torslna 107
993 Afamada M
Sixth race— Futurity course; Solano handicap;
all ares:.
12^4 Rolling Boer.. ..lit 1IM Hungarian Ill"
V>Vi Vulcaln 12C 1241 Canmore 100
1105 Aluminum 1«3 12«0 Vlf Argent 103
1*>9 Pat Morrissey.. . 115 109« Lavator lla
Possible Winners.
First race— Galanthus, Santalus, Modder.
Second race— Herculean, Alaska. Faversham.
Third race— Gauntlet, Benroe. Horton.
Fourth race— Bangor, Malay, Grand gachem.
Fifth race— Torslna. Wooster Boy. Castake.
Sixth race— Hlldreth stable. Canmore.
1200. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, XXX,
Time— 1-16, :07; 5-16. :31;9-16. :56; 13-15. 1:23*4: mile. 1:43: 1 M6ra. 1:43H, Good start, won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner. W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh. h. by Imp. Conveth-For
tnosa. 'Winner a wonder this trip. Report had Favoniu» doing none too well In hl» work.
Gonfalon said to be no mudder. Snips likes dry footing. Scratched— Mortgage 93.
12U8. FIFTH RACE — One mile and a sixteenth; selling: 3-year-olds and op; purs-. (400
Time — ii. :*5H: H. :51: «i. 1:17V4: mile. 1:43. Good «t»rt. Won first three driving. Winner.
M. Storn's b. g. . by Morello-Sunltt. Sunello was carelessly ridden, but Is good now.
Essence tired. Boundlee will Improve. He mad* a good Impression. Cue piping hot but
no speed. Scratched— Anita. B 10L Edgardo 91
12OT. FOURTH RACE— One mile: selling; three-year-olds; purs*. 14C0.
Time— Y t , :24%: H. 'AW; >i. 1:15H. Good start. Won easily. Second and third drtvln*.
Winner. Caesar Young's ch. m. by Colonel Clark-Gratitude. Clarando liked the going and
gave winner a mild argument. Storm King was not at his best. Osmond a long strlder and
not at home In the mud. Scratched— Jerry Hunt 107. Nora Ives 101. Brown Prince 101.
Meadow Lark 101.
1206. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up: purse. F>W
Time— 3-16, :18'4; 7-16, :43\: »4f. l:09>i- Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. T.
Fox's b. f. by Imp. Artillery-Lake County. Although a mud lark Sam was outfooted. For
tunately for winner there waa no delay at post. Merida ran a catchy race. Loneliness no
account In going. Neither was Lucldla. Scratched— Scotch Belle 110, Argregor 10*. In
trepldo 110, Donee 103. Laura Marte 110. GIrly Ducat 103. Een Magln 113.
12t>r». SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling: two- year-olds: pursr. 1350.
Time— H. :12%: H. :3S; «4. l:04<4; %. 1:J3H. Good start. Won first three driving. Wiimer.
C. P. Fink's b. c by Kingston-Mary M. Winner hard rtdden frora head of etretch. Onyx
away very badly. Otherwise would have walked in. Honduran swerved clear acrosa trick
eighty yards from goal. Free Pass will do better. Others bad.
1SO4. FIRST RACE-Stv« furlongs; selling; maidens; three-year-olda and up: purse. t»W-
Second race— One. mile; three-year-olds and
upward; purs«:
M2 The Buffoon 100 1206 Twinkle Twlnk..lO9
123S Herculean 100 1293 Faversham 112
67fi Alaska 100 12S3 Canejo ICO
1292 Locochee ........103 1278 Kickumoob 100
1263 Gilbert© 10* 1206 Dr. Marks 109
1177 Ulm 109 1236 Osmond 109
Track Notes.
The Oakland officials notified Coburn
yesterday to accept no more mounts until
the claim of Atkins & Lottridge to his
services had been definitely settled. The
boy Is now riding for S. W. Street.
"Frisco" LJnd was not allowed to start
Ben Magin in the two-year-old event The
judges were inclined to believe the young
ster is the property of D. J. Lynch, who
was last season warned off Oakland track.
Llnd, however, assert3 he bought the colt
at pubUc auction in Chicago. His owner
ship must be definitely fixed before he will
be allowed to, go to the post.
The string of Albert Simons, which was
unloaded from the car? at Oakland on
Tuesday, consists of Dolly Welthoff, Wax.
Mi?s Daniels, Mitten, Owensboro and
Qulz-II.
J. F. Fogr, another new arrival at Oak
land, has Gotobed, Clonsllla. Hlndoonet,
Don Orsino and Ferroll in his stable. The
last four horses are the property of "Cap"
Tilles. the St. Louis bookmaker and track
owner.
The horses owned by Brown & LJger
made the trip across the continent well,
with the exception of . Merry Boy. The
fast sDrlnter is now iaid up with an at
tack of pleurisy.
Captain Hackett has araln turned over
hie crack colt Yellowtall to tne charge of
Fred Edwards, the very capable youn^
local trainer. %Fred had the three-year
old in superb shapo before he made tho
Eastern trip, and will endeavor to get him
up on edge once more.
Louis Ezell and his friends spread the
coin about good and thick on Sad Sam".
The two-year-old. It Is said, Is not the
gamest, and when headed by Screenwell
Lake gave it up.
The Occidental Horse Exchange will
hold a big thoroughbred sale on Novem
ber 22. A number of the get of St. Carlo,
from W. O'B. Macdoncugh's farm, and all
of the yearlings, two and three year olds,
from Palo Alto stock farm, will be dis
posed of.
Tommy Magee, manager of Ed Corrl
gan's stable, was a spectator at Oakland
yesterday.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; purse:
«5« Shotaway .......113 12S3 Catherine Bravo.103
1216 Cambaceres 10? 123S Litmus 113
1289 Billy Lyons 110 1001 Modder 106
12S9 Roundhead 115 .... Santalus 106
12SS Galanthua 110
tion of the spectators at Oakland track
yesterday. Willie Sink's Formero polled a
very strong vote, and running away ahead
of his ticket made the crack Easterners.
Favonius and Gonfalon, look sheepish.
Many apologies are due for the showing
made by the latter two horses, which
their constituents explain away by claim
ing neither is a "mudder." The course
was in a somewhat juicy condition, which
just seemed to be to the liking of For
mero. The route was over one mile and a
sixteenth, and Hildreth's Gonfalon, with
Bullman up, opened a 4 to 5 choice, with
8 to 5 about Favonius, the Morris entry-
Toward post time constant rubbing had
forced Formero's price from sixes down
to 7. to 2. The race needs little recital.-
Pedro Enos, astride the Sink horse, made
hot haste for the lead, heading Favonius
at the first crossroad. From that on he
enjoyed a gallop, beating Gonfalon at the
wire by three lengths In 1:49V2. a good per
formance. J. Daly, on Favonius, couldn't
help taking the show, for Snips, the only
other starter, was a block off
This was about the only event on the
card bearing any pretensions to class.
Good Hope". Sunello and Pat Morrissey
attached themselves to purses, going to
the post favorites in the betting.
Gloom overspread the features of the
backers of Louis Ezell's youngster. Sad
Sam. at the conclusion of the two-year
old number. Stories were told of how he
lived on a diet of mud pudding for thirty
days, and the Texan was heralded as the
real good thing of the afternoon. From
6 to 5 the odds fell to 3 to 5. and he was
outfooted home by Screenwell Lake, an
8 to 1 shot, piloted by Frawley. Barney
Schreiber*s Merida finished third.
Good Hope met a mediocre bunch at
seven furlongs, and closing a 3 to 5 fa
vorite paddled past the judges a winner
by two boat lengths. Clarando. the con
tender throughout, experienced no diffi
culty in taking place honors from Storm
King.
Mat Storn's Morello horse Sunello re
peated his victory of Monday in the mile
selling affair for three-year-olds. Going
Into the starter's hands about equal fa
vorite with Essence, condition told, and in
a drive J. Walsh landed him winner over
the last named starter by a head. .Bound
lee lost the show to Expedient.
In his element splashing through the
slop, Pat Morrissey galloped away with
the closing Bix furlong run. The gelding
was 7 to o in the ring, and finished two
lengths ahead of Imperious. Stuart put
up a ride on Tiburon, which finished third,
that caused some harsh criticism.
Much to the surprise of the major por-
BY F. B. MULHOLLAND.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAXDRACETRACK. XoTember 7— Cloudy. Track muddy.
Play on the Eastern Horses Is Heavy, but They Make a
Very Poor Showing.
GONFALON AND FAVONIUS
EASY PREY FOR FORMERO
H. Lynch" s Clalborne, 16-3: Pasha Kennels'
Rest Assured beat P. C. Black's La Rosa
Souvenir, 8-6; T. J. Cronln's vixen beat D. E.
Wiley's Buckles. 1S-0; tV. C. Olasson's Sleigh
Bells beat R. E. de B. Lopez & Son' 8 "W'arrt
gal. S-4; Russell & Allen's Scotland Tet beat
Maher & Reid's Xellle Bawn. 6-4; H. H. Gray's
Bannockburn beat J. II. W. Muller'a Mocorlta.
6-1; J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser beat R, E. de
B. Lopez & Son's Eager. 6-3; P. Steinhoff's
Veto beat Aeneld Kennels' Achilles, 5-4; H.
F. ' Anderson's Crawford Braes beat J. P.
Thrift's Ppringback. 10-0; George Sharman'R
Chicago Boy beat Russell & Allen's Belle
Claire, 4-3; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy beat Sterl
& Knowles' Rusty Gold, «-4: Aeneld Kennels'
Aeneas beat Captain Cane's Victor Queen. 22-6;
Pasha Kennels' Round About beat O. Zahl's
Hummer, Boy, 12-4; Curtis & Sons' Echo beat
Chlarinl Bros.' Brass Button, 12-4; Sterl &
Knowles' Blue Mist beat J. J. Ed
monds Whisky Hill. 5-0; R. L. Taylor's
Beauty Spot beat D. E. Wiley's High Born
Lady, 10-7; R. E. de B. Lopez's Sweetness beat
J. Keating'* Con Daly. 28-0; F. Schou's Lady
Glenklrk beat J. E. Chambllle's Hot Foot; 19-10;
L. F. Bartels' Banner Bright beat E. and R.
Scott's Lord Byron, 6-3: H. AJ Deckelraan's
Ben Klrby beat L» F. Bartels' Beer Brewer,
12-3; P. C. Black's May Lawrence beat S. E.
Portal's Cannon Ball; Captain Clarkson's Flow-
19 to 10. The victor showed excellent stay-
Ing qualities. - t
The short-enders were: Flying Faster
beat Sliver Lyon at 5 to 3; Scotland Yet
beat Nellie Bawn at same odds; Chicago
Boy beat Belle Claire, 2-1; Aeneas beat
Victor Queen, 5-3; Ben Kirby beat Beer
Brewer, 5-3; Flower of Gold beat Ollta.
2-1; Reckless Archer beat St. Oran. 6-3;
Wombat beat' Commander. 5-3; Concoru
beat Royal Fashion, 5-3; Sleigh Bells beat
Vixen, 5-3; Kibosh beat Concord, 2-1;
Echo beat Bad Boy, 5-3. •
In the final Echo met R. L. Taylor's
Beauty Spot. The latter ran well' all day.
The fact that she had 205 seconds run
ning as against 101 seconds by Echo was
sufficient to tell against her. Echo was
picked to win the stake and she did not
disappoint the wise ones.
The people of Modesto are making great
preparations to receive the members of
the Interstate Coursing Club, which holds
Its annual meet on the plains in that vi
cinity next week. A grand ball and bar
becue are a few of the events being ar
ranged in the coursing men's- honor. A
large delegation from this city will at
tend the meet. S The stake will have the
largest number of contestants that ever
took part in a field event In this State.
Eighty and probably ninety-six dogs will
compete. «
Following are the scores and result of
yesterday's midweek stake:
Run down— Pasha Kennels' Recording AnRel
beat J. J. Edmonds' Go On, 3-4; Aeneld Ken
nels' Flylnir Faster beat Erwln & Lyons' Sil
ver Lyon. 14-9; F. A. McComb's The Exile beat
Until they could hardly stand. The hare
might have been running yet but for the
management turning four dogs into the
field to catch it. For a few minutes the
field was tilled with racing hounds and
this afforded much excitement for the
spectators.
The defeat of Hot Foot by Lady Glen
kirk at 7 to 1 was the sensation of the
day. Hot Foot led to the hare by eight
lengths. The jack proved an unusually
strong one and almost flew over the
ground. Lady Glenklrk got in and out-
Worked Hot Foot -and won by a score of
Curtis & Son's black and white Echo
won the midweek reserve stake at Union
Coursing Park yesterday In clever fash
ion. Her work was of high class and re
dounds to the credit of her trainer.
It was not an-idqal coursing day, for
spectators. It was cold and foggy, and
the view of many of the races was ob
scured by the Impenetrable mist. Despite
the rain in the morning and the
bleakness of the atmosphere, there
was a fairly gxiod attendance. Bet
ting was lively and the frequency with
which the short-enders scored flags made
grlad the hearts and pockets of the bettors.
The "talent" was greatly puzzled
throughout the day. The latter counted
on the speed of the dogs to cash their
checks, but they did not count on the
hares. The long-ears had been fed on dry
feed and were in grand fettle. They led
the dogs around the field in almost every
course before they were. caught.
Chicago Boy and Belle Claire ran the best
course of the day. After traversing the
entire length of the field in the wake of
a fast jack, the dogs killed and Judge
Grace declared It to ¦• be an undecided.
When the pair were slipped a second time
they ran evenly, Chicago Boy barely beat
ing his rival out by a point. Score. 4 to 3.
Blue Mist and Whisky Hill chased a hare
Sensational Race Between Hot Foot
and I/ady Glenklrk — Modesto
People Preparing to En
. tertain Coursing Men.
Midweek Coursing at Union
Park Is of a Very
High Order;
ECHO DEFEATS
A FAST FIELD
TUB SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY* NOVEMBER 8, 1900.
11
I • Po.f
Index Horse and Weight. PstfSt
tf.
U.
Str.
(^ Bettlnf 1
Op. Hi. Cl. Pt
Fin
Jockeys
126T
1:54
1203
12TS
7*3
7SS
1203
1267
1133
i'i'u
1261
Urchin 107 11 S 3 2 2h
Onyx 107 3 « 2 H * U
Hondurarv 107 13 S 6 b 4 1
Gold Finder 107 2 1 4 3 73
TinB-a-Llng 107 II lh 14
Free Pass Ill * 9 9 2 S 2
Abbylelx L. 107 9 4 5 *i 3 H
Azor 107 « 7 7 J * h
Pauline J ,...107 4 10 MS 9 2
Senator Ma Us.... 107 5 3 8 H 19 S
Judge Shropshire. 107 10 U II 5 US
Dianora 107| 1 12 12 U
2 1
3 1
5 1
41
m
« s
7 h
* H
9 g
10 2
11 5
13
1 H J. "Woods. . .
2 ns Tullett
3 1 Vlckery ....
4 h Stuart ......
5 4 J. Daly
6 10 Armstrong .
7 h Domlnick ..
8 H Walls
9 10 Thomas
1<) 3 Enos
11 5 Fauntleroy .
It iRanach I
4
30
9-i
19
4
s
v>
20
13
I 8_
4 13-5 »-5
% 3 «-I
» ' » ¦ S>
I 8 »
» 29 12
I 7 %-t
» 12 ?
gn so »
SO B0 13
20 JO I
(9 (0 S>
10 10 *
Index Horse »nd "Weight. Pst St.
%.
4.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I' Oo.
, Bsttln* ¦ t
Oo. HI. Ct PI.
- Battl
HI.
In* —
n.
4.
8tr.
1241 Screen well Lake. 110 3 3
Sad Sam 110 1 1
106S Merlda 105 5 2
1059. Lucldta 110 2 5
1291 Loneliness 110 • 4 4
1 1
3 3
2 h
4 4
5
1 1
2 2
3 3
* 4
5
1 3
2 4
3 10
4 3
5
Frawley
KU*y
Buchanan ..
Ransch
Vogue
. 7
. t-S
c
3
S
8
•-S
20
9'1
15
s
3-S
20
9-2
11
2
I
I l Po -
ndex IHorse, Age. W>lght.[PBt!St.
K-
H-
Str.
Str
Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
— F.ettln* —
HI. CL
pu
tt
l i
12S3 Good Hop«. 4 101 2 4
127S Clarando, 4 101 7 t
1280 Storm King. 6.... 104 « 1
Inclndlator. 4 105 8 2
1056) Zurich. 4 101 5 5
1290 Osmond. 4 104 3 7
374 Kootenal, 4 105 1 8
1190 Yule, 5 103 4 «
3 h
1 1
: h
4 3
5 5
6 2
8
TH
1 1
2:
32
4 Z
5 3
73
SI
8
1 3
15
3<
4 f
5 1
S 3
7 3
8
g 1 i
Domlnlck ..
Mounce ....
Coburn
J. Woods...
Ransch
J. Walsh....
[Thomas
ITuIlett
1
8-5
4
4
15
T
3-2 3-5
7 7
7 T
40 3ft
U 13
IS 19
40 40
20 29
a
2
19
i
$
12
9
1 |Po.t
Index [Horse arid Weight. P»t St. H. M- Str.
Fin. ! Jockeys. J
I, B«tuar ¦ »
Op. HI. Cl PI.
O»J) ISunello 95 5 5 4H 5h 4 1
900 Essence 95 21 S3 3S 14
1278 Expedient 95 S 7 "« «5 35
1081 Boundlee 1011 «« 21 2h 52
USD Coming Event ... Ml 7 4 1 J 12 2 S
10SS Hindoo Princess.. »5i 4 2 31 42 82
1171 Billy Moore Mil 32 5H 73 73
1205 Cue 104] 1 g g 8 9
f [
1 h |j. "Walsh....
2 5 Ransch
3 3 lstu«rt
4 2 Buchanan ..
. 5 " Cobum
« 1 J. Daly
7 15 Brodlen
g [Domlnlck ...
] 5-2 3-S 5-J 1-11
, I-S ."-; i-i 4-5
« ll» 9 S
3 « « *
. 10 JO M 12
,11 S9 *i 13
IS «¦¦> «0 13
4 < g S-2
ndex JHorse. Age. Weight. P»t St.
u
Jockeys.
f Ot>.
HI. Cl. PL
H.
Str.
Fin
1*S5
Former©, 4
Gonfalon. 3 ...
Favonius. 4 ...
(gnipg. 5
....112
1V5
112
....104
1
3
4
2
I
i
i
33
3 5
12
4 '
2 !
4
1 2
2 S
3 20
4
1 3
2 4
3 23
4
[Enos
IBullman ...
!J- Daly
iHowaon ...
•
.. 4-S
.. »-5
15
9-H
3
40
T-3
»-5
8-5
40
T-m
2-a
2-3
J
I l Po l
Index JHorse. Age. Weight. iPstiSt.
«.
• I
, ¦¦ ¦ Bettlae »
Ol>. HI. CL PL
H-
Str,
Fin. I
Jockeys.
1292 IPat Morrlssey, 8.1M 1
12S8 Imperious. 5 107 2
12*1 Tiburon. 4 110 6
12S7 Hungarian. 4 ....107 5
(12S3) IMtke Rice, a 10* 4
«80 |Md. FerguiMin. 4. .101 i
1
I
4
«
5
3
1 1
e h
3 h
4 b
«
1 4
3 2
21
s «
•
4 1
12
28
3 h
4 4
5 S
•
Rarnch I
J. Woods....!
Stuart !
Coburn I
Tullett I
J. Martin...!
1
5
2
t
s
19
7-4
8
13-5
4
10
30
7-S
t
11-5
11-2
14
SA
1-2
f
4-5
8-S
3
8
I l Po l
Index JHorse. Age. Weight. iPstiSt.
«.
• I
, ¦¦ ¦ Bettlae »
Ol>. HI. CL PL
H-
Str,
Fin. I
Jockeys.
1292 IPat Morrlssey, 8.1M 1
12S8 Imperious. 5 107 2
12*1 Tiburon. 4 110 6
12S7 Hungarian. 4 ....107 5
(12S3) IMtke Rice, a 10* 4
«80 |Md. FerguiMin. 4. .101 i
1
I
4
«
5
3
1 1
e h
3 h
4 b
«
1 4
3 2
21
s «
•
4 1
12
28
3 h
4 4
5 S
•
Rarnch I
J. Woods....!
Stuart !
Coburn I
Tullett I
J. Martin...!
1
5
2
t
s
19
7-4
8
13-5
4
10
30
7-S
t
11-5
11-2
14
SA
1-2
f
4-5
8-S
3
8
ndex JHorse. Age. Weight. P»t St.
u
Jockeys.
f Ot>.
HI. Cl. PL
H.
Str.
Fin
1*S5
Former©, 4
Gonfalon. 3 ...
Favonius. 4 ...
(gnipg. 5
....112
1V5
112
....104
1
3
4
2
I
i
i
33
3 5
12
4 '
2 !
4
1 2
2 S
3 20
4
1 3
2 4
3 23
4
[Enos
IBullman ...
!J- Daly
iHowaon ...
•
.. 4-S
.. »-5
15
9-H
3
40
T-3
»-5
8-5
40
T-m
2-a
2-3
J
1 |Po.t
Index [Horse arid Weight. P»t St. H. M- Str.
Fin. ! Jockeys. J
I, B«tuar ¦ »
Op. HI. Cl PI.
O»J) ISunello 95 5 5 4H 5h 4 1
900 Essence 95 21 S3 3S 14
1278 Expedient 95 S 7 "« «5 35
1081 Boundlee 1011 «« 21 2h 52
USD Coming Event ... Ml 7 4 1 J 12 2 S
10SS Hindoo Princess.. »5i 4 2 31 42 82
1171 Billy Moore Mil 32 5H 73 73
1205 Cue 104] 1 g g 8 9
f [
1 h |j. "Walsh....
2 5 Ransch
3 3 lstu«rt
4 2 Buchanan ..
. 5 " Cobum
« 1 J. Daly
7 15 Brodlen
g [Domlnlck ...
] 5-2 3-S 5-J 1-11
, I-S ."-; i-i 4-5
« ll» 9 S
3 « « *
. 10 JO M 12
,11 S9 *i 13
IS «¦¦> «0 13
4 < g S-2
I l Po -
ndex IHorse, Age. W>lght.[PBt!St.
K-
H-
Str.
Str
Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
— F.ettln* —
HI. CL
pu
tt
l i
12S3 Good Hop«. 4 101 2 4
127S Clarando, 4 101 7 t
1280 Storm King. 6.... 104 « 1
Inclndlator. 4 105 8 2
1056) Zurich. 4 101 5 5
1290 Osmond. 4 104 3 7
374 Kootenal, 4 105 1 8
1190 Yule, 5 103 4 «
3 h
1 1
: h
4 3
5 5
6 2
8
TH
1 1
2:
32
4 Z
5 3
73
SI
8
1 3
15
3<
4 f
5 1
S 3
7 3
8
g 1 i
Domlnlck ..
Mounce ....
Coburn
J. Woods...
Ransch
J. Walsh....
[Thomas
ITuIlett
1
8-5
4
4
15
T
3-2 3-5
7 7
7 T
40 3ft
U 13
IS 19
40 40
20 29
a
2
19
i
$
12
9
Index Horse »nd "Weight. Pst St.
%.
4.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I' Oo.
, Bsttln* ¦ t
Oo. HI. Ct PI.
- Battl
HI.
In* —
n.
4.
8tr.
1241 Screen well Lake. 110 3 3
Sad Sam 110 1 1
106S Merlda 105 5 2
1059. Lucldta 110 2 5
1291 Loneliness 110 • 4 4
1 1
3 3
2 h
4 4
5
1 1
2 2
3 3
* 4
5
1 3
2 4
3 10
4 3
5
Frawley
KU*y
Buchanan ..
Ransch
Vogue
. 7
. t-S
c
3
S
8
•-S
20
9'1
15
s
3-S
20
9-2
11
2
I
I • Po.f
Index Horse and Weight. PstfSt
tf.
U.
Str.
(^ Bettlnf 1
Op. Hi. Cl. Pt
Fin
Jockeys
126T
1:54
1203
12TS
7*3
7SS
1203
1267
1133
i'i'u
1261
Urchin 107 11 S 3 2 2h
Onyx 107 3 « 2 H * U
Hondurarv 107 13 S 6 b 4 1
Gold Finder 107 2 1 4 3 73
TinB-a-Llng 107 II lh 14
Free Pass Ill * 9 9 2 S 2
Abbylelx L. 107 9 4 5 *i 3 H
Azor 107 « 7 7 J * h
Pauline J ,...107 4 10 MS 9 2
Senator Ma Us.... 107 5 3 8 H 19 S
Judge Shropshire. 107 10 U II 5 US
Dianora 107| 1 12 12 U
2 1
3 1
5 1
41
m
« s
7 h
* H
9 g
10 2
11 5
13
1 H J. "Woods. . .
2 ns Tullett
3 1 Vlckery ....
4 h Stuart ......
5 4 J. Daly
6 10 Armstrong .
7 h Domlnick ..
8 H Walls
9 10 Thomas
1<) 3 Enos
11 5 Fauntleroy .
It iRanach I
4
30
9-i
19
4
s
v>
20
13
I 8_
4 13-5 »-5
% 3 «-I
» ' » ¦ S>
I 8 »
» 29 12
I 7 %-t
» 12 ?
gn so »
SO B0 13
20 JO I
(9 (0 S>
10 10 *
iSuceessor to Flannag-an & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEKS.
20 Fifth rt., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South M. .
Opera Gloves
One-third Off
In order to reduce our stock of first quality, undressed
kid evening, gloves in fancy shades, we have decided to
give one-third off on all 12 and 20 button lengths, during
the opera season.
. 12 button length, suede, regular price, $2. 25, sale
price, $L50 a pair.
20 button length, suede, regular price, $3.25, sale
price $2.17 a pair.
Ladies' Neckwear
New ideas and creations imported direct from Paris in
a multitude of styles are here " awaiting your inspection.
The collection consists of jackets and collars of real and
imitation laces; collarettes of solid chenille ; others of
silk net and liberty silk ; complete assortments of ties and
scarfs of net, liberty silk and taffeta ; also real lace
barbes, berthas and fichues.
No store in the city shows as great a variety of novelty
neckwear for the opera season and our prices are very
moderate. .
Neck Ribbons
We have just received a special purchase of all
silk double faced, cord edged satin ribbon, four inches
wide and in all shades; it is well worth 60c, now on sale
at the special price of . __'.;,,;/.;' .
7 Cc a yard
Ribbon bows tied in any style free at the ribbon
department. r .'o-:
dcu oprcaup
Good weight fine' honey comb bed spreads in a large
variety of patterns, size 76x88 inches, with a lock
stitched hem, price *
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at the First
JL'nitarian Church, corner Fourteenth and
CaftrO streets, Oakland, Cal. Interment pri-
vate.
j-rrHfc— In this city, November 6. ljno, Martin
P " Fuchs. b*love<l husband of Maria Fuchs.
fa'ther of Albert and Louin Fuchs. brother of
Francoise Fuchs, and stepfather of Henri
Rcgelet. & native of AWace. France, ated W
years 2 months and 11 days. A member of La
Parfatte Union No. 17. F. and A. M.. and of
the French Society La Gauloise. •
C7Rfmiln« at the parlors of J. S, Godeau,
305 Montgomery avenue. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
GANTNER— In this city, November 7; 1900,
Mathlas J. Gantner, beloved brother of Mrs.
C Himson. a native of Chrlntiania. Norway,
aged 60 years 4 months and 7 days.
C7Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Our Saviour's
Scandinavian Lutheran Church. Howard
ttreet. between Twelfth and Thirteenth. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery. Remains at the
parlors of H. P. Fetcrsen &. Co.. 223 McAllis-
ter street.
HODGE— In this city. November 7. 1JC0. Joseph,
be'o\ed son of Joseph and Catharine Hodge,
brother of Mrs. M. Kcarse. and uncle of Mrs.
Paucbella and Charles Prouty, a native of
San Francisco, aeed 29 years 2 months and »
days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 27 Kolsom avenue, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Tor services, commencing at 1
oVlock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery'.
KALTKOFF-In this city. November 6.- 1900,
Bernard II.; dearly beloved husband of Susie
A. Kalthoff. father of Herbert and Llewellyn
ANDERSEN— In this city, November 6, 1900.
Hattle, dearly beloved wife of Louis . J. An-
dersen, mother of Josephine O'Neil Andersen,
and daughter of Anna and the late Charles R.
Rice, a native of »?an Francisco, aged 33
years 7 months and 1 day.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Thursday). at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F fuhr & Co-.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery.
BENTHIEN— In this city. November 7. 1300.
Mrs Mary J. Benthlen, mother of Henry E.
Benthien and Mrs. J. T. Newell, a native of
Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years. (New Orleans,
Jackscn. MU»., and Memphis, Tenn., papers
please copy.) "
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1S0S Dupont 'etreet. Interment pri-
vate. *-': .—
BERNARDOU— A mass will be celebrated in
Notre Dame des Victoire« (French) Church.
Ru.«h street, between Grant avenue and Stock-
ton street, to-morrow (Friday), at 8 o'clock
sharp for' the repose of the soul of the late
Marv L. Bernardou. beloved sister of Mrs.
H Modest*. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully Invited to attend.
BLUMENSCHEIN— In this city. November 6,
19<A Philip Blumenschein. a native of Ger-
manv. aged 77 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks. S57 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery-
CHAVERNY— In San Jose. November «, 13W,
Mrs. Margaret Chaverny.
CHURCHILL— In this city. November 6, 1900,
Adeline L. Churchill, beloved mother of Mrs.
J F.' Caldwell, a native of New York, a«ed
73 years. (New York papers pleaje copy.)
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10:20 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of "her eon-ln-law. J. F.. Caldwell. 2024
gutter street.
FRANK— In this city, November 6, 1900, Emma,
beloved wife of H. Frank, a native of Ger-
many, aged 41 years. . .
FISH— In Oa-kland, November 7.. 1800. at 947
Linden street, Harriet A. Fish. . beloved
mother of A. L. Fish, a native of New York,
ared S2 years 6 months and 19 day*.
DIED.
Ar.dersen. Hattle
Kalthoff. Bernard H
Benthlen, Mrs. Man
Bernardou, Mary L.
Blumenschein. Phllli
Chaverny, Mrs. M.
fTiurrhM. Adeline L
Frank. Emma
Flfh. Harriet A.
Fuchs. Martin P.
Gantner. Matbias J.
Hodge. Joeerh
Lenders. Patrick J.
I^angbeln, Nellie R.
Lawless, Walter
O'Connor. Julia
Peel. Robert
Rleux. Alice
Rotborough, Alexan-
der M.
Fchmltt, Phllomena
Schneider, Charles G.
Stlce, Carrie
Tracy. William I.
Wells. Lftura H.
Wlggin. EmU
HENDERSON— GALLAGHER — In this city.
November 7. 1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson. Ezekiel E. Henderson of Honolulu
and LHllan Belle Gallagher of Los Angeles.
JACKSON— BUTLER— In this city, October 23,
1900. by the Rev. FTftther C. 4.. Ramm. F. S.
Jackson and M. A. Butler, both of San Fran-
cipco.
Kl'CK— MOYER— In this city. November 7,
1*00. at £t. Paul's Lutheran Church, by the
Uev. Paul Branke. John Frederick Kuek of
Mount Eden and Martha Moyer of San Fran-
cisco.
PARSONS— PRICE— In this city, November 7,
1900,- by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Edward A. Parsons and Lillian Price, both
of Kan Francisco.
MABBIED.
J*. city.
Richard E. Gibson, S3, city, and Lillaa T.
Smith, 35, city.
Ev.ekiel E. Henderson. 3S, Honolulu, and Ul-
lian B. Gallagher. 23. Los Angeles.
Michael H. Crosthweite. 40, 34S Fifth ave-
nue, and Mary J. Boyd, 37. 34S Fifth avenue.
Anton Joen. 28. 183 Preclta avenue, and Ran-
fiine Berr, 31. 917 Pacific street.
Howard V. Peterson. 2?. 1301 Page street, and
Arms. A. Kaerth, Si. 404 Eddy street.
E.r.ilio Clnco. 29. 233 Natoma street, and
Domenga Gonzalez. 20, 233 Natoma street.
Robert B. Stockird, 33. 37W Seventeenth
street, and Anna F. O*la5. 29. 37S3 Seventeenth.
Frank G. Gomes. 40. 1S2S Stockton street.
and Rosa. Furtada: 26, 1714 Bu<>h street.
William H. Cuslek. 2«. 4IS Thirteenth street.
and Nellie W. Lynch, 2<>. 411 Van Ness avenue.
Edward A. Parsons. 2*. IS Fourteenth street,
and. Lillian Price, 25. 246 Dore street.
John F. Kuek, 27, 3% Yerba Buena street, and
Martha Moyer, 25, 737 F"ilbert street.
John R. Carlson. 33. Independence, and Hel-
ma C. Peterson, 29. San Jose.
Charles A. Appledorn, 37, city, and Emma R.
Freb. 2?. city.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Danis- Lucey. SI. Keswlck. and Xellle Hoare.
26, citr.
Giovanni Lucchettl. 31, 12 Lafayette place,
and Teresa B. Musto. 25. 12 Lafayette place.
John B. R. Cooper. 27. 1926 Octavia street,
and Mabel E. Greene. 21. Berkeley.
John L. Graves, 3*. city, and Mary L. Eilva,
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder .Com-
pany. <con.>. A dividend. No. 13. of eeventy-
five cents <75e) per share on the issued capital
clock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 430 Cali-
fornia street. San Francisco, on November
10. ISOOl Transfer books close November i.
HOC. at noon. A. A SPARKS Peoretarv.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notic^-iDWdend" NoT~21 (thirty
cents per share) of the Pa&uhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at tne office
of the company. 327 Market St.. en and after
Feturday, November 1", 18C0. Transfer book!
closed on Saturday. November 3, 19C0, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
lie Montgomery st.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
tell better machines for less money than any
liouse in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2ti.
TVPEWR1TKIIS AXD SUPPLIES.
BOfCHT and sold; new and second hand; large
display: very cheap. 927 Market, room TZ\
SLOT MACHINES
PACIFIC Storajre and Furnltare Moving Com-
pasv. 7rr: r ' Fillmore ft.: phone Jackson ?S1.
WILSON BROS., stcrape and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 7(2. -
STORAGE A.MJ WAREHOUSES.
IT.K1XS Vrli atwT sTorage"coT."!S^iaslon^tr:
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
ALL kinds boueht. eold and repairing guaran-
tced. Charles Plamberk. W15 Mission, nr. nth.
SEWIXG MACHINES A3TP SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds boueht. sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. '203 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
reduced rates. 145 Cth: phone Mint 45.
ROOMS papered from t2 W: whitened tl up
painting done. Hartman 'Paint Co.. 319 Third
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.
415 Montgomery «., roomi 9-10; tel. 65S0.
LADIES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
Bend 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall; at drug-
tfsts. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
TrTTLE. cSP MARKET ST." *~~
tli-OK*— :*xJiO: two story brick; Jobbing district;
..* «¦« Y at $100: Ic '> rt «aere Bale; c3er wanted.
JiS.GQO— ) up-to-date fiat*; S-7 rooms; rent $1425
h r« J yea J : eunny * lde of gutter: large lot.
JF.&OO— 3 modern flats; Panhandle district: 6
rooms; rent «T0; 2SxHK. : grand marine
view; eun all «ay; bargain
S?.K-0— 3 new Rats; Devls&dero et.; rent $900;
„ .„ «]' wk- up-to-<!ate Ideas; key lot.
5-s.^.o— Mw 8-room house; ga» an <J electric;
electric bells; finished basement; beau-
tiful view.
HSW-Ocgner: 127 :S front x 9S deeps Income
$200 a month: Second ft.; can lea*e for
ten years V.m » year by building;
total cost {33.000.
SSS.OOO— Jrbblng district; four-story brick: 45x
IS*: rent S40OQ.
IS,000-E!e«nt new residence; S rooms and
tiled bath: elegant billiard -room; hand
painted ceilings; electric lights; auto-
matic switches; hargain.
SS.rtvu-OfT*,. wanted ; etr.res and flats south of
Market; rent t?6: 40x75.
SI.TfA— S fiais: rent S230; noar Sixth and How-
ard: axn.
$100.009-Four-«ory brick: Jobbla* district : "Ox
160; rent l*W).
$n.000— Elerant H-room residence; Pacific
Heiphts.
tK.OOO — Pacific-av*. building lot; eunny aide:
Inside Buchanan.
J3.E0O-- Pacific Height* corner residence; J
rocma; up to date.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTE!
CHEAT BARGAIN'S!
CHOICEST LOCATIONS!
Sex to Rt» — Graded Sunset lots: J10 monthly.
«3W to JJOO— Lots Nineteenth ave. boulevard-
$3 rr :r.th'.v.
MOO to $S00— Ctolceat Richmond lots- i'B
rr.czxttly.
ITS to $300— Ocean boulevard lots; $5 mosthly.
$:00 to ISO— Level Mission lote near cars- $5
iscnttly.
f?5 to Sia — Getx Addition. cear'San l£a.teo
car«; tl weekly.
$!00 ta $I009—Few cottaeei; Installments like
rtxt.
Branch effie* Ninth ave. and H St.. Sun*ec
Op« every day and Sunfiay. Call for maps
end dlEgrass.
BOL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM E4. CHRONICLE BLDG.
IF you bxv well-located prcpertr in the Mls-
•Ica. either vacant lots or nice residence, and
you really want to sell, then call on the under.
• lraed. W. J. GUNN. E30 California st.
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Thea
cjOI on W. J. GUXX. WO California st.
KQDERJ* fcrrtises bu'.:t: lowest price*; plans and
estimate* furnished. Campbell. 1147 Ml-slon. i
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHA>GE.
NEW cottage. C rir.s . bath; lot oOxloO; Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lets. 413 Kumy «:.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKDA REAL ESTATE.
US*— ACCTION price; finest modern (-room
cottace :r Alameda; perfect plumbing; !ln«
location: 2 blocks from station & l-Agh school;
fair terms. A. G. Burns. 1S01 Park. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) REAL ESTATE.
flTE CAFH, $10 monthly; new cottage; i larre i
rooms; 7-foot basement: brick foundation. 1 1
larc« level lots, SPxIS*; price all told. $7TS: |
will fence and finish up to suit buyer; plenty
of water: soil, climate ana view the very
b*>«: close to electric car line and M-!o.t
wiie boulevard, and not far from model
fchoclhouse; no feps nor raw winds here; a4-
¦ :*.:re £&st Oakland: 10 buildings gone up
already, more coming; call or send lor cir-
cular; iZ5 Se\-er.th St., near corner Broadway,
Otklar.d; carrtare !ree. HENRY Z. JONES,
Owner.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
toOD bouses! Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. itus Brcadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCBnTCBE FOR SALE. ,
AN" introduction to you from H. ScbeUhaas. th» j
furniture dealer, ilth and rranklln. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA. tSl. eff Fourth-Rooms corn^ j
plete for housekeeping; private family.
FOLSOM. S34— Pur.ny front bay-window room
and kitchen; hut ar.d co!d mater; bath; pri-
J3 a week. "
GOLDEN GATE ave., €K— A larfce light fur-
r.:shed room; running water; gas stove. .
HOWARD, 1 r 'H—2 room* complete for house-
keeping: t>rivate family: cheap.
MiS.SION. UM, near Eleventh— Two convenient
rooms f^r house-keepinc; private family; $12
%<*r mr>nth.
EIXTH. I5ft— P-jr.ny room for light housekeep-
ing: also other small rooms.
SIXTH. 2T? l i — Sunny rooms: light housekeeping
*Ilo«-«>S: tl Z" per week; private family.
THE BELLEVt'E. 222 Van Xes*— Nicely fur-
r.lehed suite, kitchen, complete hskpg.; ref.
THIRTEENTH, £2". near Valencia— One large
funny room; water, etove; separate entrance.
A BRANCH orflee for Call advertisements and
*'jb«-r:ptiocs has been established at 1056 Va-
\FTtr>a. rt.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and t nf am.
A-FRI'NSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rnoms 25c
tc (1 ;«-r.:sr»: fl 25 to S3 per week, and light
b-uwkeepirg: open all night.
BTRNETT. 1C« Market fold No. I164)-Fur-
r.:.«hed rms. suites, tingle; also unfurnished.
BIFH, ETO <Th<« Elk)— Changed hands: newly
renovated. nlc*ly turn, sunny rms.. $1 50 to $7
»e^k; ZZc to tl £0 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
CLIFFORD, 20* EM*, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished Fur.r.y room*; prices reasonable.
• I-ROOM unfurnished flat; rent J" 60. Inquire
KK Fifth ttreet.
FOLSOM. SK-S cor. €ih <The Oliver)— New fur-
nished >¦•¦¦.'. :.y rrr.c . single, suites; reasonable.
GEART. 405 (Tfce Xavarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137— Sunny newly furnished; en suite,
firgle; hot, cold water; phone; steam heater*.
GRAXD FOT'THETRN. southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets. — Funny rooms, «"n suite or
Firgle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HYDE. 4?TB— Neatly furnished room; sunny;
private family. .
JESSIE, 433— Fumlsned rooms to let suitable
for two, ta and It. •
LAS PALMAR, ICO Market et.— Suite of 2 or 1
rms.: private: bath; «in. rma. : board optional.
McCLSLLAND. 200 Turk at.— Changed hands;
newly renovated; all rooms facing either
Turk cr Jones rt.; rent reasonable. . , .
MINNA, «67. cor. Sth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, tl per week: transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market «t.— Nlcelr
furr.!*hed rooms. 12 a week up; toe a day up.
'•TARRELL. 20— Punny furnished rooms and
'.'.?,'¦+*; elevator: electric lights: day. wlc. mo.
o FARHELL. 22«— Nicely furnished front euite.
clfco ether sunny rooms. .
BO6SDALE House, 219 and ZTl Ellis et.— Rooms,
T.trfct 2.V to %U week tl 25 to SI; open nlgct.
KOYAL Houw. 12< EHi* «.— Incandescent light ;
rea41r.?-iT^m, tmcklRR-room aa<l ladle*' par-
lor; rooms, pr r.ight. Sic to tl 50; week. K to
t*: month. f« to M0: elevator on ground floor:
rooms with hot gruf cold water: ba.ths.
FHERMAN Apartment House. 25 Eighth et..
n"*r Markft-Furr.lEhed or unfurnished.
FILVER. HTB. n^ar 3d and Harrison— Sunny
from furn:yh«>d rooms: ga* and bath: reason.
fcl'tSf EN80y, €20— funny front rooms; single
or double: light housekeeping.
.'14'4— Two Urge unfurnished rooms;
/ar<3: 'ntr»iK» In reaj-; rent W.
¦JT-rk. U'6— Furnished room, suitable for gen- !
tlemnn, 15 mo.; also other rm. for I or 2 Rents.
INION, tlii. near Fillmore— Six room* and
l>clh: rent S20. •
CLASSIFIED *<lv»n!iwnenti and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fllteore it.
A BRANCH of<W for Call advertisements and
rntrtcriptions has been established «t r*»
Valencia Ft. - / «¦ *
ROOMS AND HOARD.
I3OART> an<i mom with private Christian fam-
ily: Jli. ZIZF Larkin «t. ' -
HOARD and' rooms at 415 Flrtt «L, near Har-
rison.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very «unny
raocis: flne table. l«'rt California at.
TTVENTT-THinD. 2300. bet. Valencia and Mls-
rion- Sunny roomg; private family; all con-
ve&ieccea; be:*, board; reasonable. . '
T. DOMINICS Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
BulMIng Association, and for the parents and
relatives of living members, will be sung in
Pt. Dominic's Church this day (Thursday), at
9 o'rltvk. ¦ - - .
ETFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metxler, 836 Washington street.
Interment Laurel HJH Cemetery.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day iThursdpy), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 75S Clayton street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery-
TRACY— in this city. November 7. 1900. Wil-
liam I., beloved son of John W. and tlje late
Eliza Tracy, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 months.
WELLS-In this city. November" «. 1900, Laura
H.. beloved wife of the late Lyman W»lls, a
native of New Tork. o
C7 Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
WIGGIN— In this city. November 6. 1900, Emil
Wippin. a native of Norway, aged 36 years
and 19 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 134 Bartlett street, between Twenty-
spcond and Twenty-third, thence to St. An-
thony's Church, corner Folsom and Army
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will- be
celebrated for the repose of her ¦ soul, com-
mencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SCHNEIDER— In this city, November 7, 1900,
Charles G. Schneider, a native of Erfurt,
Germany, aged S2 years and 2 months.
6TICE— In this city. November 6, 1900. Carrie,
beloved wife of Garland G. Stlce, and daugh-
ter Of Mary J. Rulofson and the late Wil-
liam H. Rulofson, a native of San Francisco,
aeeti 30 years and 21 days.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Anthony's
Church, East Oakland. Interment private.
ECHMITT— In this city. November 5. 1900.
Phllomena Mary, dearly beloved wife of Jacob
Schmitt. and mother of Jacob M. Schmltt. a
native of Botzen, Tyrol, aged 56 years and 6
months.
IT^'FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Thursday), at W o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul.
ROSBOROUGH— In Oakland, November. 6. 1900.
Alexander M. Rosborough, a native of South
Carolina, aged 85 years 5 months and 6 days.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
RIEUX-In this city; November 6, 1900. Alice,
daughter of Lucie and the late E. P. Rleux.
and Rister of Lottie Rleux. a native of San
Francisco.
C7"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue.
O'CONNOR — An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be offered at St. Joseph' t
Church. Tenth street, at 9 o'clock, to-morrow
(Friday), for the repose of the soul of th«
late Julia O'Connor, daughter of Daniel and
Julia O'Connor, and' sister of Timothy J.,
John F.. William. Mary and Annie O'Con-
nor. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend.
PEKL—Robert Peel, son of Mrs. Thomas
Morffew, and brother of Jonathan and the
late Matthew Crooks. Peel, a native of San
Francisco, aged SO years 2 months and 27
days.
F. C. REYNOLDS. Sec.
LANDERS— In the City and County Hospital,
November 7. 1300, Patrick J. Landers.
LANGBEIN-In tills city, November 7. 1900,
Nellie R.. beloved wife of H. F. Langbeln.
mother of Florence M. and Alma L. Lang-
beln, and sister of Mrs. J. Collins. Mrs. Julia
Brooks and Sister M. Edwlna. a native of
Loawnworth. Kans., aged 40 years 4 months
and 4 days.
EyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tl*e funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at ?:30 o'clock, rrom her late resi-
dence, 3579 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. James Church, corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, at 0 o'clock, where a re-
quiem high mass will be said for the repose
of her soul. Interment Holy' Cross Csraetery.
LAWLESS-In this city. November 7, X9O0,
Walter Lawless. 'a native of New York, aged
6S years 7 months and 11 days.
C7Frtend« and -acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral thl6 day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 33« Thirteenth street, thence - to
Mission Dolores Church, corner of Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
fouI, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EL DORADO Parlor No. 62. N. S. G. W.— Of-
ficers and members of El Dorado Parlor No.
62. N. S. G. W., are earnestly requeued to
attend the funeral of our late brother, Ber-
nard H. Kalthoff. from his late residence, at
the above mentioned time and place.
EUGENE P. EG AN. Pres.
Kalthoff, beloved son of Amelia and the late
Augustus A. Kalthoff. and brother of Mrs.
Lisette Schwab and Hugo Kalthoff, a native
of San Francisco, aged 41 years 10 months
and 6 days. . r
BORN.
WISEWELL— In this city. November J. 1?». to
th» wife of Charles A. Wisewell. a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not* be Inserted. They must- be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per
toes authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
129 kearny Street ;
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,to secure the return of his property.
'•The gang's all idle. There ain t a man
that'll do a lick of work until the barrow
goes back, and their pay has to go on Just
the same," said the boss.
O'Shea enjoyed the novelty of the Joke
as much as anyone, but when he attempt
ed to reason with Watson, Watson be-
came highly abusive. Watson had taken
too many ''bracers" to make him equal
to his humiliating -task, and so was
locked up for being drunk.
th? ne^buMYng. 18 * fuU blaSt On
HOW. THE PAYMENT OF AN ELECTION BET BROUGHT DELAY TO
THE WORK ON* A BUILDING AND ARREST FOR THE ENTHUSIAST
WHO BACKED BRYAN.
Merriment was excited yesterday In th3
Custom-house on receipt of a circular
from the Treasury Department announ
cing that the Attorney General had heid
that a cow and her calf may be admitted
under certain conditions as household
effects.
I/ive Household Effects-
Btead of cominpr in a direct line, as It ap
peared to Douglass. Connor was standing
in front of the Corporation Yard, where
he is employed, at the time. Both men
stood BtiU, wondering what would happen
next, and were agreeably relieved when
no more lightning struck.
*J rh ?J pollce officers who were on duty at
tne City Hall yesterday morning at the
time of the visitation of the thunder
storm were thrown into a condition of
extreme nervousness. Immediately before
the first clap of thunder the man who
attends to the alarm in Captain Spillane's
department was sent Jumping about the
room as if he had been suddenly seized
with an attack of Jimjams. The batteries
were all set going at the same time and
telephone bells went ringing as if all the
hello" in the department had been at
a spiritual seance and become charged
with mediumistic influence. Not until
quiet was restored, after the electric cur
rent which came as a warning of the
thunder had burned out the fuses in the
batteries, did the policeman recover his
usual tranquil condition.
Stop Here and Read.
It is to your benefit to know that P." C.
Kelly, the assignee of the Boston Shoe
Company, placed to-day on ' sale $13,000
worth of clothing, which must be sold at
once. Men's Covert Cloth Suits worth
$16 00 for $8 90. Men's fine pants worth
$5 00 for $2 40. Ladles' Kid Shoes worth
$2 00 for $1 00. By order of P. C. Kelly,
assignee. 775 Market street, near Fourth. •
LIGHTNTNG STRIKES THE '. : |
. NEW CITY TTAT.T. DOME 1
Employes of the Corporation Yard
Are Witnesses of the Start
ling Incident.
John Douglass, a carpenter In the Cor
poration Yard, is authority for the state
ment that the lightning which flashed
across this city yesterday morning struck
the figure on the dome of the New City
Hall with a terrific force. Douglass states
that the impact of the lightning against
the bronze metal was so dazzling that it
quite blinded him for the space or several
seconds. " . . .
Douglass says he was standing on the
steps of the Mechanics' Pavilion about 7
o'clock, preparatory to going to his labors
in the Corporation Yard, which is located
on City Hall avenue. All at once the
lightning came and struck the metal fig
ure, accompanied by a reverberating
noise. Douglass was obliged, to take his
eyes off the dome immediately.
N.W.- Connor corroborates -the state
ment of Douglass; with the exception that
It seemed to him to be a ball of flre ia-
The attorneys on both sides are ready
and eager for the fray, and they propose
to present in the hearing of the cases' a
great array of sensational evidence. Pros
pective millions of dollars under the tun
dra and hundreds of thousands of dollarB
in hand are Involved in the litigation.
The attorneys for the 'victims of Judge
Noyes' executive ability in the way of
placing mines in the hands of receivers
propose to unearth a most audacious con
spiracy to seize and work valuable proper
ties, and they will attempt to show that
Judge Noyes, wittingly or unwittingly,
played into the hands of the conspirators.
In fact, evidence will be forthcoming the
tendency of which will be to connect
Judge fcoyea directly with the alleged un
lawful and high-handed acts of litigants
fighting for the possession of the most
valuable mining properties in tiie Nome
district.
The methods , adopted ; by I the I United
States District Court at Nome are said
to have no precedent • for i boldness In the
annals of legal jurisprudence s In the
United States. Opposed to one another
are the best legal talent in the country,
and they will convert the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals into a battlefield
of forensic debate.
An adjournment was had until 11 o'clock
this morning, and it was agreed that in
the interim the United States Supreme
Court should be asked to modify its order
in the Chipps case so as. to allow Mr. Mc-
Kenzie to be admitted to bail In that case
also.
Mr. McKenzie was represented by
Frank Kellogg of St. Paul, Milton S.
Gunn. Thomas J. Geary and B. B. Bee
man. On the opposite side were E. S.
Pillsbury, J. C. Campbell. W. H. Metson
and. the firm of Page, McCutchen, Hard
ing & Knight. A motion that Mr. Mc-
Kenzie should be admitted to bail in the
matter of the contempt proceedings in
the case of Anderson vs. Comtols was
granted, and bail was fixed at $5000. In
the cases of Tormanses vs. Melsing and
Kjellman vs. Rogers ho was allowed to
go upon his own recognizance. In the
case of Llndenberg vs. Chipns, the one
that haa been appealed to the Supreme
Court of the United States, the court re
fused to make any order whatever.
Deputy United States Marshals Burn
ham and Monckton produced Receiver Al
exander McKenzie yesterday morning be
fore the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals, pursuant to the writ issued some
time ago by the court commanding Mc-
Kenzie to appear and show cause why he
should not be punished for contempt for
having disobeyed an injunction Issued by
the court.
Effort to Have Him Released
. on Bail in the Chipps
base.
McKENZIE FACES
FEDERAL JUDGES
The first advancement in local railroad
circles since the re-election of President
McKinley was made yesterday when John
A. Gin, Pacific Coast freight agent of the
£ ew York Central lines, appointed W W
Smith to succeed M. E. Asherson as con"
tracUng freight agent of the Merchants'
Dispatch Transportation Company ant
I^ake Shore and Michigan Southern Rail-
Mr. Smith has for several years held
a * ll g, llar Position with the Star. Unio"
and Pennsylvania lines in this city. Ha
wa f u s °i at one tIme connected with the
TS g « 9, epai J ment of the Northern Pa
cific in San Francisco. - He has a large
acquaintance among the merchants an-1
railroad representatives in this city. Mr.
Asnerson was obliged to resign on ac
count of ill health.
LOCAL, OFFICIAL." ADVANCED.
F. H. McGuigan. general superintendent
of the Grand Trunk, is to succeed Charles
M. Hays as general manager of that road
The promotion of McGuigan Is to be made
upon the recommendation of Mr Havs
who was asked by the directors of the
Grand Trunk to name some man to fill
the vacancy.
JP£? £l ts a^ r A st . the re P°rt that Hays
misfit bring McGuigan to the coast with
him to act as his riuht-hand man. •' Mr
?« a ?.J*p5 TC ? out th f l he wm not coj ne
to San Francisco until he takes up his
new work as president of the Southern
£ a fi flC ',., W M C^ wlU be in Janua e rV.
UJi »f^ d that 1 ne of the conditions. upon
which he agreed to accept the position Is
that he shall be given full power to make
such changes in the executive offices of
the company as. he sees fit.
GRAND TRUNK'S MANAGER.
switchman in a day is from ten to twelve.
Manager Fillmore stated yesterday after
noon that a hearing would be given the
petitioners some day next week. He could
not meet them this week, as he expects to
go to El Paso to-morrow on a tour of
inspection.
As already stated In The Call, the rail
road men came to this cltv three weeks
ago to confer with the Southern Pacific
officials relative to the adoption of a new
working schedule, the old one, compiled
in 1S92. having been outgrown by reason of
extensions and a general expansion of the
company's service.
The new schedule that was presented
embodied fifty-three different articles,
each of which had to be gone over sep
arately. "There were many things which
the men asked for wMch they didn't ex
pect to get. so they were not disappointed
when I refused to consider them," said
Mr. Flllmore yesterday. "However."
added the Pacific Coast manager, '"the
main feature of the new schedule, includ
ing a readjustment of the working hours,
a better clarification of pay and a pro
vision for promoting employes according
to their time of service and general com
petency, have been granted and I think
a majority of the men are satisfied. An
eight-hour work day will prevail."
It is likely that the new schedule will
go into effect December 1.
HALF BATES FOR CLERGYMEN".
Transcontinental Association Will
Act on Matter Next Week.
E. O. McCormlck, general passenger
manager of the Southern Pacific, will at
tend an adjourned meeting of the Trans
continental Passenger Association In St.
Louis next week. One of the important
questions to be decided, and one which
has considerable local interest, will be the
fixing of rates for clergymen. Sisters of
Charity and others engaged exclusively
in religious work.
Passenger officials of several Western
railroads have been discussing this ques
tion with much seriousness of late, some
of the railroad men having declared that
the custom of making reduced rates on
account of the religious followlngs of
individuals should be abolished.
Mr. McCormlck Is in favor of a liberal
policy in dealing with the clergy. "They
have always received the benefit of half
fare on our lines," said he, "and I think
the Transcontinental Association will ap
prove our policy. We- expect to adopt a
plan, however, which will simplify tho
task of obtaining a cut rate and at the
Eame time prevent imposition, on the part
of parties not legitimately entitled to the
company's benevolence.
"Heretofore a clergyman has been
obliged to secure letters from all the dif
ferent roads over which he is to nas3 be
fore being able to obtain a ticket at re
duced rates. The new plan Is to have the
ticket agent In the clergyman's native
city or town make out the pass. The
agent being familiar with the people in
his own city, knows at once if the apoli
c?r i is entitled to a reduced fare. The
card will give the bearer the benefit of
acut rate on any line connected with the
Transcontinental Association."
Employes Make Independent Request
for New Schedule and Will Be
Given Hearing Next Week.
SWITCHMEN BOLT THE
RAILWAY GATHERING
The three weeks' conference between
Manager J. A- Flllmore, the division su
perintend ent of the Southern Pacific Rail
road, and twenty-five delegates, repre
senting all the conductors, brakemen and
yardmen in the employ of the company,
came to a E'jdden and not altogether sat
isfactory termination yesterday. It seems
the switchmen, who are members of the
Railway Men's Assocatlon, which Is con
ducting the case, were dissatisfied with
the way their Interests were being looked
after, so they decided to wage their battle
independently. This meant the striking
out of all matters pertaining to the
switchmen In the new schedule- and the
action is said to have so upset the dele
pates who represented the interests of the
conductors, brakemen and yardmen that
they abruptly adjourned, pending devel
opments on the part of the switchmen.
Befote the shadows of night began to
hang over the big yellow building on
Montgomery street a long document was
handed Manager Pillmore. It was signed
by the represenratives of the Switchmen's
Unions in this city and Oakland, and the
wording over the eignatures in substance
asked lor a hearing relative to a'read
justment of the switchmen's working
echedule and classification of pay. Mean
while It is the intention of the switch
men to draw up a schedule of their own
end the merit of the articles to he con
tained therein will be personally described
by the unions' own representatives.
This action on the part of the switch
men may Ix? the forerunner of a similar
movement on the pan of the company's
switchmen in lx>s Angeles and Sacra
mento. The switchmen of this city and
Oakland number between 200 and 300
which, in their opinion, ought to make
en organization sufficiently strong to fight
their cause independent of the Railway
Men's Association. What effect the ac
tion of th^ switchmen will have upon the
association is a question. Should the con
ductors, brakemen and yardmen follow
the example set by the switchmen and
present their grievances independently
the association would have to go out of
existence.
The number of hours put in by each
BRYAN'S defeat was a sorry
event for William Watson. It
not only was the means of
landing him behind prison bars,
but it stopped work on a three
story building and kept Policeman O'Shea
busy for an hour trying to straighten out
a perplexing question.
Here is the tale. Watson was an en
thusiastic Bryanlte. He was confident
that the free sliver advocate would bo
chosen to move his trunk into the White
House. When his friend, Mike Noonan,
dared to suggest that William McKlnley
had a lease on the Executive Mansion for
four years to come, Watson showed his
true sporting feather and made this
bet:
"If Mac wins out. Mike, I'll haul you in
a wheelbarrow the length of Market
street."
The battle was over and Mike hunted
up his human motive power yesterday.
He was anxious to go to the ferry, and
while the ride might be a little slow,
still carfare would be saved and his
judgment over Watson's would be de
clared triumphant.
What puzzled Watson was where a
wheelbarrow could be secured. He over
came this difficulty easily when he came
to a three-story building that was In the
course of construction on Market street,
near Sixth. A brick carrier was held up
and stood speechless for a few moments
as he watched Noonan take the place of
a load of bricks and Watson wheel him
away. The loss of the wheelbarrow was
too much for the builders, and it crippled
the advancement of their work.
The boss of the gang Joined a crowd of
small boys that followed the bettors down
Market street and. when he approached
Third, he appealed to Policeman O'Shea
' The only business transacted "at yester
day's ! meeting of the School Board was
the appointment of Mrs. Ganzert to be
Janitor of the Sutro, Primary School.
School Janitor Appointed.
• In the libel suit : of .* .; the L. B. White
Lumber Company vs. the German . bark
J. C. Pfluger the crew of the steam
schooner Greenwood filed an intervention
yesterday In -the United States District
Court for Balvage.
label for Salvage.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday In the United States ' District
Court as follows: Samuel Zises San
Francisco, baker, liabilities $2264- no as
sets. Edwin C/Stoddard, clerk, San Fran
Cisco, liabilities $1559; no assets.
Two Insolvencies.
, Begun at Once. .
Seven poolsellers" cases were called in
Judge Mogan' s courtroom yesterday,
Judge Cabaniss being on the bench in tha
unavoidable absence of Mogan. As in
the 'cases In the other courts Attorney
Coffey, the special prosecutor, asked' for a
continuance for two weeks pending the
decision of the Superior, Court on the ap
peal cases to test the constitutionality of
the ordinance, but Assistant District At
torney Harris, by Instructions from Dis
trict Attorney Byington, objected He
wanted the cases set for a speedy trial
Coffey explained that he l and Attorney
Collins, ' for the defendants, had ajrreed
to the continuance, as the understanding
was that in the event of the constitution"
ality of the ord nance being sustained the
defendants would plead guilty and go ou»
of the_ business ft was finally arranged
that the cases be continued till to-dlty^to
be S? 1 * 1 ? £ udere M °ean. Collins will be
notified to be present. De
P00LSELLING CASES
CONTTNTJED TO BE SET
District Attorney Byington Will Ask
Judge Mogan That Trials Be
Butterworth is detailed to assist the
Board of Health and has to a certain ex
tent acted as milk inspector. Early last
Monday morning his wife went as usual
to the front door to bring in the milk from
the porch. On opening the can Mrs. But
terworth discovered a red fluid floating on
top of the milk. She Immediately threw
the milk away. Later in the morning
Butterworth s mother went to wash the
front steps and found that where the can
had been standing the paint was all burn
ed away by contact with some acid. Fur
ther investigation proved that some per
son had run up the stairs, poured an acid
into the mllkcan, evidently sulphuric acid
and bychromote of potash, and In his
haste had spilled It over the can. the
steps and the front sidewalk. The matter
was reported to the police, who are inves
tigating the case.
Butterworth and his wife are very
happy that they discovered the poison
when they did. as the breakfast of their
three small children is largely composed
of milk. Butterworth has no clew to the
miscreant who attempted the deed, but he
Is under the impression that he will re
turn, and is prepared to give him a very
warm reception.
Policeman John "W. Butterwrorth does
not sleep any more at night. He Is to bo
found seated by the parlor windows of his
home, at 2415 Folsom street, at all hours
when off duty, keeping a constant watch
on his front door steps. He hopes that
the person who poured what he thinks
was poison Into his mllkcan will return
and again attempt to kill off his whola
family, and that he will be able to cap
ture the miscreant in the act and land
him behind the bars.
Policeman Butterworth Has
an Unpleasant Morning
Experience.
FINDS POISON
IN THE MILK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOYEMBER ,8, lyoo.
William Watson Annexes a Wheelbarrow From a Half-
Finished Building to Pay for-His Faith in Bryan.
ELECTION BET CLOGS THE
BUSY WHEELS OF INDUSTRY
12
this is the most important of the millinery store's recent offer-
ings, the hats we thought splendid value at old prices— but to-day
you may'choose the one that becomes you best for 68c. why? be-
cause they are odd lines— and odd lines we like to close quickly,
there are more than 50 different styles in this season's most popular
shapes, some are trimmed w ith polka dot scarfs, others with fancy
wings and velvet, there's a splendid exhibit of them in one of our
show windows.
choice at CJSc each. .
the cloak and
suit store
on the second floor
is an attractive
place— and a busy
one. new and beau-
tiful things in ready
to wear suits. Jack-
ets, automobiles,
capes, opera wraps,
skirts . and waists-
abound on every
side— and they're
not highly priced,
this skirt is a typ-
ical value.
walking
skirts
of stylish and
sturdy wearing gray
homespun suiting-
made with tailor
stitched circular
flounce, Inverted
plaits in back and
four vertical plaits
on each side — see Il-
lustration — only
83.75
halrdresslnf- f^dSZsdafi '/ffl optical de-
ments, mezza- /j&f JSu^. charge °ot' Dr*
fe.J^'y- n GOOOS^' x. S. Casey".
cnarge oi 3ir. <^^™— . » eyes tested
VPJSSk A ' F ' Market £ tr ,!, et ' ? eor Sixth, opposite free of charge.
Cosgrove. Golden Gate avenue.
The whiskey that touches the right spot every
time is Jesse Moore; to be had from all first-
class dealers.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KXOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
X .Specialist «rr<r* Blood Potson.Gonorrhcea.Gleet,
«!in£ f n i$f f 8^ ml "»l w *akB»>s». Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men. free.
9to3daUy;6:3Oto8.30«'VK*. Sundays. 10 to »~ ConsuN
tationfreeandsacredly confidential Call oraddresa
M Sir RO8COE MeXWMY. 31. D.
26 j; Kearny Stu. s an Francisco, CM.
The beat evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their headquar-
ters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
Offica 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Off Ice— 62 San Pablo Ave.
A FATHER OF TWINS
was never happier than the man who has
tried all the laundries in San Francisco
and at last finds that his linen is done up
perfectly to suit his taste. A customer
or ours once is one always, as our work
is done uniformly and by the best and
most careful methods.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
you want It.
' No saw-edges.
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
OUR IDEAL. COFFEE POT IS THE
BEST HELP FOR GOOD COFFEE.
ECONOMICAL AND STRICTLY SCI-
ENTIFIC IN CONSTRUCTION.
Coffee, Java and Mocha, II). .32|c
Roasted or ground.
This delicious coffee la
regiilarly sold at 40c.
Freserved Ginger, small Jari5c
Choicest brand. ]
Regularly 20c. '
Olive Oil, California, qt bot. .70c j
"Santa Barbara." Pint 40c :
Guaranteed absolutely pure.
Regularly 85c and 50c. .
Eclipse Champagne, & t 85c '
Arpad Haraszthy*s California |
Champagne; best in the market.
Regularly U 25.
Whiskey, bot 75e. 3 bots $2
Gallon $3.00 { .
E. C. Berry Spring '91 Bourbon.
Regularly Jl 00 and U 00.
Walnuts, lb 121c
Fancy. new extra large '
. California "Walnuts. j
Regularly 15c.
Creamery Butter, square 40c
Cigars "La Reputacion"—
Rothschilds. 4 for 2Sc. box of BO. $3.00
Regularly 3 for 25c. box W SO.
Invincible*, lOc straight, box of 25. $2.23 I
Regular 2 for 25c. box $2 75.
These are genuine Key West cigars, made
from the choicest Havana tobacco.
Gonntry Orders Solicited— Catalogna Free.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
t (Old Number 21 Stockton St.> "» .'
TELEPHONE MAIN* 5522. -
WINTER RESORTS. \
PAR AISO HOT SPRINGS, ;
The Carlsbad of America, is now open for the '
winter season. Address C. T. ROMIE. Paral90
Springs. Cal. i
Ladles' tailor-made suite, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 628 Sutter.*
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying see
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 128 Ellis.*
All your money refunded- by any dealer If not
satisfied with a smoka of the "American"
clear Havana cigar. . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hale'a.
in millinery department second floor and "bargain square"
first floor.
68c for hats that sold as
hi oh as 0^*0 U.
m ' \\ " ¦ * r-r* ' i. ¦ • $ ¦ iv ¦ ell
Hv ' v \ • t ¦ fir j
r Our Promptness in Shipping Bar Out- 1
1 fits Will Please You, "... 1
H , We have an Immense stock 9
|S I ¦ i I . •' always on hand, so there will be H
I .•;, no delaying filling orders. M
I 50 DIFFERENT STYLES IN ALL LENGTHS, in oak I
H mahogany and curly redwood. All have nickel trim- II
¦ ;;¦¦;¦; mings. We quote the lowest prices on the coast. If
gnj •^^~— ' ¦ — — ;.¦¦«. _ "p. 5
1 J. NOONAN FURNITURE GO. INC., I
H • ' ' 1017-1023 MISSION ST., ABOVE SIXTH. * 0
I J-«O»E SOl/TH M. SAN r*A NCtSCOm 1
Damrosch
plays on a
Steinway
Mr. Walter Damrosch, who
is to conduct at the Grau
grand operas, plays upon the
Steinway at his piano recitals
which he is giving in this ci^y.
The continual indorsement
of Mr. Damrosch is sufficient
to express his absolute faith in
I the Steinway.
His judgment merits your
consideration when you de-
cide to purchase a piano.
Steinways are sold on easy
payments.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Steinway Piano Dealer*,
Cor. Kearny and Sntter eta.. 8. F. •
Cor. XStb and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Third and Morrison, Tortland.
711 Second avenue, Seattle.
Greatest T» HL* 1 * S*
Silk 1 j^te>
waist 4m
Bargain fl ''^^HuJfil jfjjL
'Cqp I w . . . , -.- £^[yy 1-1* . &j-^S;
Only one hundred waists
to be soJd at this price.
Early comers will secure
the best selection. .
These waists are tucked all over .
and are made of the best quality I
of taffeta— come in all the fash-
ionable shades, including black.
Aa long as this little lot lasts
our price is
&Q. 49 Considered
good value
Serge Overskirts,.. .$1.99
Black or Navy Blue— any length-all
• il &nd faced> Sold everywhere at
Empire ft. & G. Corsets...... $1.00
Made . of best quality • of [? sateen—
wnaleboned throughout— worth Jl 60.
Women 's Flannelette Night Gowns.
¦ Cut wide and Ions— all size*— AtZr*
sold all over at 76c... T"Ow
JUST RECEIVED-A small lot of'
Children's Black and White Polka
¦ Dot and Lace Hose— the very lat-
est effects— on sale now, per^L^yrr
§ Children's
Automobile
Toplrflfc
$Q;00
Made of broadcloth-
all the new shades—
sizes 2 to 8 - years-
Country orders re-
» *"v- ¦•"¦•¦ • celve ; careful', atten-
'*'.' ' *. • . '. . - '
1212=1214 MARKET^
TAYLORAND JONC5
¦ 1 11 Ii.il.lJ L KZ 14 llcLLo, ft? 0 I
I J Thursday, Friday and Saturday we j \**$L § • -i
K I will place on sale, for the first time, sev- AV )^!i a pi
K 1 « eral hundred trimmed hats. . . \\V\ |v<igi [g
P» ] We have been planning these hats in liV^/' to\ l§
M J our workrooms for weeks. They are \\\ \\ If
P i all copies of the newest Eastern models \\\ y^ \ f|
f| ; and very stylish, . \\\ \\ \ |j|
J& J The new pompadour hats, fashion- \\l \V\ %
H 15 able, otf-thc-facc hats and turbans, will \\\ |\\ ' g
S? be shown. All come in pretty fall col- \\l \\\ 1
%, ' orings z.s well as black. Choose \\ JwfcJ $¦¦
m from the entire lot. ub^slc^ %
I K.D.Davis & Co.j
i§ COR.qRRNXAVE : HHD<iEflRY ST. Jj
Hale's.