no_text•THE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CALL.
3THE SUNDAY CALJi.
4THE SUNDAY GAIjL.
5THIS SUNDAY CALLTHE SUNDAY CALX.
7'THE SUNDAY CAJLL.
8no_text¦ ... . / j . ¦
. 'I didn't know-that Is I thought Alllo
epoke as if Long and Dunn told • can«
dies?" \ •: ¦ ' ¦ v .- ¦ • ¦ .
"Well, eo they do, and they're pretty
expensive, too; but they do things to well,
and. after all, Thanksgiving domes but
once a year and we can afford to indulge
a little. Are you tired, my dear? Would
you rather not go? It does seem rather
a shame to send you marketing, but you
see Allie's away and I must get this dress
finished; it's for one of my best cus
tomers."
"It's not that,"- 1 protested, "but I don't
turkey mustn't weigh a fraction
under eighteen pounds." Bald Cousin
Ji Maggie. "I don't mind trying your
chestnut stuffing as an experiment,
only there must bo enough to go around;
and I think I've given you all the other
orders, but see here, you might call in
about the elephant."
"The elephant?" I'querled blank'y.
"Why. ye*, to be sure. Long and Dunn
can be trusted; only last year they sent
me a straight trunk; now X particularly
like the trunk curled up; it's more sug
gestive." j:
myself to dress women In those days 1
thought I coiild do pretty well with dolls.
Besides, I .had read my Dickens and
thought a doll's dressmaker an Interest-
Ing person.- It was a novelty and took at
first, but after all there was not much
doll dressing to do > in San Francisco,
.which Imports its toys, and I only made
about as much as paid for my shoes and.
gloves till one day. we; went to Wood
ward's Gardens. There's no place like It
now, Nora; not here'I mean. Talk of youV
Chutes and your -Cliff House and your
Golden Gate Park; if you rolled them all
into one you couldn't have half the fun
we 'got out of Woodward's. Why, there
were all the wild animals you could wish
to see, well kept and kindly treated; lions
and. tigers and hyenas in their own com
fortable, separate houses. And the bear
pit, where we threw down cakes and can
dles; and monkeys and dogs trained to
tricks; and the camel that knelt for the
children to" ride him; and the goat chaise*,
bless you. what a place it was! Then if
you wanted a change there was the snake
house or the lake with . Its boats and'
s*wans and pelicans, or the seals and the
whales and the big; aquarium underneath. '
And music and . flowers and shady trees'
and winding walks' and cunning little
nooks— Oh my, oh my, what a time one
could have there!"
"And elephants, Cousin Maggie?" ,
"Now, you're not to try and hurry me
up, *Tora; I'm running this story 1 my own
way. Yes, there -were elephants, but I
didn't see them that day; it' was the*
monkeys gave me my 'ideal I noticed that
their coats and caps were shabby and I
thought I could . dress . monkeys Juat as
understand about the elephant."
"My! \DId you never hear that l/altva'y."
have an elephant Thanksgiving dinner?"
"To eat?" v
"Why,. what else for?" ' .
I gasped and sat down. '.:. I'hp.d not long'
come from Santa, Rosa; where' Cousin
Maggie was spoken of as "eccentric." lit
now dawned on me that eccentricity was
a convenient name for' aberration. She
glanced at me inquiringly; while sticking
come pins Into her mouth; I rose to ihe"'
occasion. '" ¦* ' -' ¦ -_< * '; : f
"I know they ate horses and mules ; at
Peking. !but they .were besieged, j and I
never, never heard, ,even v In a siege, of
people eating, elephants." ¦'¦•¦.,-.'•'"
She took the pins. out In a hurry anl
laughed till the tears ' ran . dowii i her face.
"Nora," sho cried; when. she could speak,
"that's the best joke asralnst -me I've
hearu for many a day/ Don't" be afraid,
my dear; mine is a nice little white eie
phant. sugar-coated . and* toothsome as
mince pie. But I doa't wonder. at you,
child, l.had a proper , kind of .respect
for elephants myself before : i mado
thanksgivings of them: That was before-
I had%been atop of one. *
"Oh, Maggie, you rode an elephant, not;
really? Do, tell me." •
"That I did and got packed in Its trunk,,
too, the best day's work I ever did; but
I can't tell you now, Nora— you're spoiilni
my work. Run away to do my shopping;
there's a good girl, and I'll tell 'you my
thanksgiving story the minute you come
In." > '
All the eajne, '.It was late that, night:
before' I heard it. The household was
asleep, andl was lingering on the veran
da enjoying the" harbor view, of which
1 never tire! Cousin Maggie has about tht>
most romantic. dressmaker's soul I ever
read of and she Insists on dragging her
customers up the slopes of Telegra'ph Hill
because she declares she cannot Wreathe
without harbor breezes and harbor beau
ty. Privately I suspect her of another
She likes'to watch the "snips and
be the first to spy out Cousin John's
steamer as he plies up and dewn. Well.
I was staring at Alcatraz, ' which Iook3
'like a castellated rock in, the moonlight,
thinking sentimentally of all the poor'
prisoners there, when Maggie came along
and eat down in the rocker beside me.
"Thought I'd forgotten your story?" she
asked, "not a. bit: of it! but it's a scrap
of my youthful romance I'm giving you
and I don't -feel like telling It with folks
hustling 'around."' - _ ' >
"It'a , the elephant, "Maggie," I cor
•rected gently." ''A^;^ — v
¦ "I know. 'When I was elephant dress-
She laughed her blithe laugh. "Oh, I
began with dolls. When I came to Cali
fornia from the Bast because I was going
to die of consumption— so the, doctors said"
—I had to earn a little. ; Grandmama had
taken me In eagerly, but the home was
not rich and ' It wasn't fair ! to stay Idle.
Now I had always been clever with my
needle, ¦especially; for bazaars and that
sort of thing and though I couldn't trust
"The back was nice and broad, you
- know. I had lost my fear of slipping
oft and I wanted my joke; cutting out
on an elephant's back seemed a thing
to boast of. Tiddles was quiet, too. though
he seemed a bit uneasy. I took my
length and breadth measurements all
right and then I began to wriggle for
ward gingerly toward the head. It
struck me that Tiddles didn't like it. but
I wasn't going back upon rryself.*. so I
took the scissors out of their sheath and
unfolding my bit of cloth, flung it be
tween his ears. Suddenly I felt 'a quiver,
saw his trunk slowly curl up and there
was ray cloth flourishing In the air! They
all screamed with laughter and never no
ticed my fright and in another minute
the trunk curled up again. I dropped the
scissors on his head in my scare and how
he reached them goodness .mows, but
they were picked off, too. And then, my
dear, just as I was sliding back to the
ladder with the biggest palpitations I
ever had In my life, up comes that blessed
trunk once more and winds round my
waist. I yelled, the men swore, but Tid
dles took no notice: he just lifted me
quietly, swung me twice in the air, let
me aown softly almost to the ground and
then, before any one could sav Jack Rob
inson he had me back on my perch again.
Oh, you may laugh. Nora, but it was the
biggest fright I ever had; I did no more
dressmaking that day.
"Well, next morning the manager him
self came. 'Miss Mason,' he ¦ said, 'If
you'll do that trunk trick with Tlddle-j
every night I'll treble your salary. *v •!
,".'No, sir,' I cried, 'not for six times the
salary! I couldn't stand It: why, it makej
me tremble now to think how I felt' at the
time.' 'And I was trembling, too.
"'Nonsense, my girl.' he said, kindly
enough, 'y.ou would soon get used to It;
there's not a particle -of danger and you
know you'll be glad of the money.
' " 'I'll undertake to train Tiddles so that
he 'shall do It quite naturally,' argued
Mr. Dudley, who was with him. 'and I'll
always be there to watch and catch you
If you are, frightened. I could have made
him drop you In ray arms If I hadn't been
bo taken by surprise yesterday/ .
• \ " 'And you sh"all make yourself a Turk
ish costume as expensive as'you llke.'TJl
.foot the bill,' the manager went on.
j " 'Turkish costume is very becoming to
ladles with • small feet,' commented Mr.
Dudley. Now I'm proud of my feet,
Nora.
"'took here.' clinched t.ie manager, 'I
want that trick introduced as a Thanks
giving -novelty: it will take." That gives
you a whole fortnight for daily practice
to get your nerve Up. And If you agree;
your increased salary shall start from
this very minute. What's jnore. you may
4 draw, it* in advance if .youN want any-
Thanksgivlnp shopping/
."•But I'm scared!' I protested, looking
from one to the other.
•' 'Have a care. Miss Mason,' said Mr.
Dudley as I scrambled up. 'Tlddles Isn't
¦vicious, but he likes his fun,*
' " 'All right.'" I called, let him have It.
Hand me up the scissors and that piece
of stuft for the hood, please. I'll cut I*
right away on his back.
' "Uniph," answered Maggie, "you young
people are so mighty knowing nowadays!
I wasn't ; I only knew that, though Mr.
Dudley was as nice as possible, he al
ways scared me a bit. So you may
Imagine how I felt when he came to me
"one morning and said, 'Miss Mason, we
want new coats and hood%, for the ele
phants — nice scarlet ones.'
" 'The elephants,' I gasped; 'how on
earth am I going to fit an elephant?'
. " 'Bless my soul,' he answered, 'it'a easy
enough, with a ladder, of course.*
' "Well, I wasn't really a timid girl and I
knew the elephants for kind, comfortable
creatures if you didn't ; tease them; be
sides, there was my pride to consider. But
I tell you I trembled like a leaf when I
climbed that blessed ladder and took tho
measure of Vulcan. However, the men.
who clustered aroui\d, thinking It a good
joke,- watched me -and gave every help,
held me on the ladder, helped me up and
down, jset'lf'just at the right angles — you
see, I could not measure him all at once —
.-. and Vulcan was as good as gold. So was
Venus, so was Napoleon-, and by the time
It -got to- Tiddley winks' turn I had grown
quite bold. Tiddleywinks was, by way of
being the baby, a frisky big fellow whom
everybody petted and who had never in
his life done an ill turn. 'I believe I'll
manage this boy without any trouble," I
cried merrily, 'you need not move the lad
' der at all.' .
"I know. Cousin Maggie." I said nod
ding, my head, "you were falling In love."
'.•His best must have been of some use.
for they took me on. It was only a
weenie bit of a salary, but I tell you. Nora,
there wasn't a girl In San' Francisco who
had a better time. ,1 was always fond of
animals" (she s need not have mentioned
• that; Maggie's pets are a positive
nuisance) "and I got along famously." I
made downright pictures of the' monkeys
and the dogs, I dressed up the goat
chaises, I Invented ruffles for the pen
guins; you: wouldn't believe the notions
. that came into my head, and . I didn't
, spend much of^their money either; I used
up all sorts of odds and ends. When
there was nothing to do for the animals
. there was always plenty of mending and
patching for the men and I had enough on
my hands, but It wasn't hard work and
I had always time for my fun with all
those dear live things. I never tired of
them! The big brown bear was my great
chum and I had quite a romantic affection
- for the lions. But somehow I couldn't
get over my awe o»Mr. Dudley and his
elephants; they all seemed too far
above me."
"He thought it a good Idea- *But I can't
give you an answer.' he explained, - 'the
manager Is away; I'm only the elephant
man newly arrived with my beasts and
hardly know the ways of the place yet.
But it strikes me they need somebody of
the kind: anyway I will try to do my
best for you.
weir as dolls, so I Went, straight offend
asked for the manager. One of his assist
ants was called— a tall, fair. blu*-eye<l
young man with a fresh- color and an
English accent. I took a fancy to him at
once, being little and dark myself, but *'l
the same he made me nervous and I couU
hardly get out what I wanted to say. for
he . was smiling, under his mustache all
the time. But i said it.
>" 'Hallo. Tid.' he said*, opening the door.
'are you all right, old boy? I thought I
heard you making some queer noise.
Here's a bun for you.' ;
"Dear old TM took the bun, and then. If
you'll believe me. he twisted his trunk with
It up to me, just as If he knew I was
hungry. 'Why,' cried Dudley, sharply,
peering, through the half-light, 'what's
that;- who's there?*
• •'•• 'I'm here. Mr. Dudley.* I said, in a
voice I was dreadfully ashamed of. Tva
got shut up and forgotten/*'** '::'.. J
" 'Heavens! have you dined?*
" 'No: and, oh dear, I should like a cup
of tea" or something— stop,. stop— take' ma
"But Mike had seen to that. He had
'privately, prooured red cloth and gold
braid from a draper friend, and pleaded
hard- "You see. It's been done to do ma
. mischief.' he said. 'I shall get discharged
for carelessness".' - . . ¦ .
"Now, Mike had always been extra nice
to me, and he had a sick wife. Besides
my vanity was hurt on Tiddles' accountf
so I just told grandmama there was no
help for It— I would dine at 'the gardens
with the rest. And off I went. Mike got
me into the elephant house and up on
Tiddles' back without anybody seeing, and
I set to work. You see. I was quite at
home there now. I knew It could only be
slop work, but I cut out and basted quick
ly, meaning to finish off properly next
day. I was nearly through, and Mike was
grinning at me gratefully, when we heard
Madame Colombe's voice. 'Mike. Mike: I
want you. Mike, with the ladder. Three
of -my pigeons have got away In a tree/
He looked at me uncertainly.
" 'Mike,' I cried,' in a panic, 'you must
not leave me here wlth»TlddleywInka and
-no' ladder. I won't hear of It/
- "He scratched his head, and Madame
called again. 'I won't be but a minute or
two,' he said. "You see, she wants U for
herself: the birds will only come to her.
But I'll be back before you've finished/
. ."I didn't half like it. but I was a bit
ashamei to say more, so I basted away
and patted Tlddleywinks and told him
how nice. we should both look a few hours
later. By and by I had no more basting
to do. It seemed an awful long time since
Mike had gone away. It was a raw, fog
gy day, and It began to get dark In that
elephant house, and I felt very lonely and
cold up- ihere pn Tiddles' back. I was
getting, hungry, too. and could have cried -
thinking of them all at home round my
Thanksgiving dinner. "l didn't dare to let
the elephant lift me down with nobody
there, though • I dare say I could have
made him understand. Besides, I should
only have been -v^brse off. for his house
was small and \he door was always kept
locked. Well. Nora, I told you girls were
sillier then than now. and the end of It
was, that I broke right down and had a
real, good. cry all to myself; It wasn't to
myself either, for Tiddlfts put up his
trunk and touched me «rently. just as if
he understood. All of a sudden I heard a
step on the gravel outside, and Tlddley
wlnka heard too. and trumpeted. I knew
what that meant— Mr. Dudley was there!
I wanted to scream to him, but I was so
ashamed of being caught crying like a
baby that I didn't like to, and I just held
on to Tldd!es- ¦ . '^•'
"Well. now. you would hardly believe
how used Tlddleywlnks and I got to each
other In that fortnight! We had our prac
tice every morning before the visitors
came, and he learned to watch for me and
the cakc3 I brought him. and I ended by
not minding a bit being swung up and
down, so long as there was somebody
watching. I couldn't bring myself to trust
Tiddles altogether. My costume turned
out fine, too, and the elephant3 were a
picture In their scarlet. I had trimmed
Tlddleywlnks with gold braid because he
was my particular elephant, and It set
him off. The whole establishment took
an interest In our practice and not a soul
but had a nice word for us, save Madame
Colombe. the pigeon trainer, j She wasn't
any more French than I am. but madams
looks well on a programme and she cer
tainly was the cleverest pigeon trainer I
ever saw. Madame had been very nice tp>
me, too, till the elephant business. Thenl
she turned crusty, but I was too happy
to bother. Everything was ready for
Thanksgiving, and grandmama just
thought me a little angel. We were not
to open till late In the afternoon, after
people had been to church and eaten their
turkeys, and the manager was giving a
big dinner to all hl3 employes. But I was
to dine at home.
"I never tasted that dinner, -though. In
the morning Mike, who looked after tho
elephants, came out to our place with a
scared face to tell me something dreadful
had happened. Tiddles' coat had been mis
laid and when found was all cut to
shreds. I looked blank enough. I can tell
you. '"Why.*- 1 said. ,*we shall have to use
Napoleon's, which won't fit. besides- spoil
ing the set. What a horrid shame!'
"'You couldn't make him .a new one.
miss,* asked Mike, anxiously.
" 'What, before -to-night, and spoil my
day? Besides I can't get the materials.'
"I looked up straight at him with sud
den confidence. 'If you'll promise to take
C&re of me I'll do It,' I said.
'"Don't young: ladles Vant. Thank3glT
. ing bonnets or something, Miss Mason?'
' asked Mr. 1 Dudley. . . !
t'Now, that set me thinking, not about
bonnets, but dinners. • You know we East
erners" set more store by Thanksgiving
than' Christmas^ and -I did not .believe
poor grandmama ccfuld give us a Thanks
giving dinner. -She had said as much,
dear old soul, and she said It with a laugh
< that sounded like a sob. You see she kept
. all my orphan cousins with very llttla
help from the' rest, and she had Just been
slx.'weeks In. the hospital and funds were
- low. Grandmama was on» of the old pio
neers, who. had had'ups and downs, but
she -was always used to her children and
grandchildren eating their Thanksgiving
t dinner with her, and. I guessed she felt
bad- about It. Now, suppose I earned her
the dinner and a new cap Into the bar
gain^ wouldn't that be a nice Thanksglv
- Ing; for all her kindness? Mr. Dudley^
,musf?'have been reading my face, for he
said softly, 'a bonnet for somebody, even
If you don't want one yourself.'
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Continued on Page Eleven.
10
COUSIN MAGGIE'S
THANKSGIVING ELEPHANT.down; don't leave me here for anything,'
I added, as I saw him turning at the
door.
" 'I'll be exactly four minutes and a
half. Miss Mason; don't you worry,' he
called back, and I don't believe it was
three minutes before he appeared again
•with a. basket. 'Haul that up.' he said to
Tiddleywinks.'
"Well, the basket came up on the trunk,
and I don't believe there ever was such
a Thanksgiving dinner— turkey, mince pie
and plumcake nnd candies and everything
else ycu can imagine In a basket. I think
I began with chocolate creams and ended
tvlth caviare; and Tld's wet old nose came
up at Intervals to fetch his share. But, to
be sure, it was rather dry work, and as I
was munching through turkey and tongue
I heard a cork go pop down below. *Oh.
Mr. Dudley,' I said, 'I hope' that isn't real
beer? I dare not take it; I might get gid
dy during the trick.'
" 'It'B champagne," he answered coolly;
•you want it after your fright. Here Tid
<«le«=—well, I'm blert. you old rascal; it's
Tiddles that's going to be giddy!'
"You see Tid had remembered an old
trick that he liked and he quietly poured
the champagne down his own throat.
*• 'jCever mind.' I said consolingly, Tid
can stand it better than I could and it's
only fair that he should enjoy himself,
-oo; we've both had a lovely Thanksgiv
ing dinner, thank you.'
" 'Yes, but I haven't,' he retorted.
" 'Good gracious, Mr. Dudley, haven't
you dined at all?*
" 'Not yet; I'm waiting. I don't feel
thankful enough Just at present. Miss
" 'Don't you think you could help me
to feel thankful enough?*.
"I couldn't make him out and said so.
" 'Well, the fact Is.' he explained— he
was positively Btammering and that puz
zled me more than anything— 'I want a
Thanksgiving present, a greedy, selfish
•ort of a present, and I want you to give
It to me.'
'"Oh dear. Is that all?* I cried; 'why
ef course I'd be too pleased to give you '
anything In the wide world that I could.
you've been bo kind to me.'
"And Maggie, my dear, you can go to
bed, now. that you know why we can't
eat that dinner without an elephant"
"Yes it is. John Dudley Porter: he. went
as Dudley for the sake of his people, who
are highfafutfn folk and wouldn't have
liked the elephant business. J-ut he left
after he got his ribs mangled, helping a
friend with the lions. He had had some
seafaring experience and a good educa
tion, and so he slipped into his present
work; as good a skipper as you'll find on
the coast. But. sailor or trainer, no
woman ever had a better husband, and
he Bays lt'o because he ha* Thanksgiving
day always with him. Thank heaven
he'll be back for Thanksgiving dinner!
"But. Maggie,"" I. objected' at last,
"CcuEin John Is a sailor and his name
Isn't Dudle3\" :•;';
Cousin Maggie was using her handker
chief suspiciously and the stars gleamed
peacefully over Alcatraz while I sat and
puzzled.
"I caught hold of the dear 'old leatheiy
trunk and: 'I think Tid wants me' was
what I said."
" Tiddles.' he said, fetch lyr down.'
"And before I knew Tlddleywinks ha.1
caught me up and next thing I was in
Dudley's arms. 'Now do you know what
to say?' he whispered; 'is it all right?
Quick, Maggie, quick!'
" 'I mean I don't Know how I ought to
ansv.cr you. I have read' a great many
novels and they all had proposals, but
I never did read of a proposal atop of an
elephant and I really can't tnlnk.'
" 'Eh?'
"Nora, my dear. I was just struck
dumb; I had never been proposed to in
my life, but I felt sure this was a pro
posal and I didn't know how to behave.
I thought I had belter ask him: 'M-.
Dudley.* I said. Ha this really a proposal?'
" 'Well. It isn't a bad imitation, any
way. I am quite in earnest. Maggie.'
" 'But, Mr. Dudley, I don't know what
to tay.'
" 'Mr. Dudley!'
" 'My dear, it's quite true. I've wanted
you from the very first day. I want you
for all your life.'
" *Ah.* he said, rather coldly. I thought,
'is that so? V.'ould you give me any
thing. Miss Mason?
" 'Anything in reason, of course,' I an
swered brisklv.
" 'But I don't want In reason. I pre
fer It In love; you are the present, Mag
gie Mason.'
The fairy then conducted her to the
place*of- honor at the table, and oh. what
a curious assembly was there.
First, there were the Prince and Prin-
any that Helen had ever heard, U was so
delicate and sweet. As the music became
more distinct they knew they must be
petting very near the home of the Star
fish, and soon they were within the pal
ace gates of the Prince and Princess Star
fish. The music swelled into a perfect
flood of melody as they entered the gates.
and' they were met by two ot the cun
ningest little starfish that Helen had ever
seen. She never knew before that fish
could talk; they had the tiniest voices.
These little starfish conducted Helen and
the fain' to the Prince and Princess, who
welcomed them by giving them one of
their points at a time, until they had
shaken them all. "What a funny way to
shake hands," thought Helen.
The palace. was down between two huge
rocks which were completely covered with
pearl, and Hhe Prince touched a hidden
spring somewhere and the palace was
suddenly flooded with the most brilliant
light. It glowed and shimmered on the
pearl, until It fairly dazzled Helen's eyes.
and then she saw quite plainly all the as
sembled guests and the gorgeous furnlsh
• ngs of the palace under the sea.
. There were soft couches of ,green moss
ind cushions of the* most brilliant colors.
Great bushes of. gayly. colored coral grew
here and there and tall trees of feathery
brown swayed In the waves, and the
queerest part of It all" was that these
trees were Just filled with millions of baby
fisTies!. Helen said to the Princess. "Why
do the baby fishes stay in the trees?" and
the, Princess replied. .VTo keep the big,
cruel fish from eating them up." •
Helen was glad then that she did not
live In the ocean, where there was dan
ger of being eaten alive.
After a time spent In conversation— and
ihe tiniest, funniest conversation that
Helen had ever heard— a fairy announced
that dinner was -served. Helen at once
thought of" her" nightdress, and looking
down was much surprised to see no night
dress at all. but" a beautiful/shimmering
dress of green and silver gauze.
Continued from Page Ten
Cousin Maggie's Thanksgiving Elephant
IT wm Thanksgiving night, and Helen
had only been tucked into her little
bed Just a few minutes, when sudden
ly there stood before her the tiniest
fairy one could imagine.
She was all dressed in green and her
hair looked very much like brown sea
weed, and there were ruffles like seafoam
&11 over her dress. She wore a necklace
of the tiniest shells and her slippers of
pearl had the cutest little starfish for ro
nettes. She sml!ed upon Helen, and in a
low. sweet voice chanted:
To the carder.s of the sea
O. ceme with tne.
And a. Thankseivinc dinner
You chs.ll eee.
"To the 'gardens of the sea?* " gasped
poor, frightened Helen. "Do you mean to
the bottom of the big, big ocean?"
"Why, yep." 6ald the fairy; "but you
need fear nothing, for I will protect you."
Saying this, she smiled In such a win
ning ray that Helen's fears were ban
ished.
"Come," said the fairy.
"Why. I cant go in my nightdress, can
I?" said Helen.
"Oh, yes." said the fairy, "for I am go
ing to give you a beautiful dress when we
pet to the bottom of the sea.'*
Then she fastened two of the cutest lit
tle green wings on Helen's shoulders, and
she found herself flying through the air
and out under the bright stars, until they
came to the big, booming ocean. Before
Helen could say anything about being
afraid she found herself down under the
waves, and was surprised to find that sO>«?
could see quite as well under the ocean as
she could on the land.
They walked along through the most
beautiful gardens — more beautiful than
any' Helen had ever seen on land, and
Fhe wanted to stop and gather some of
the gorgeous things to take to her mam
ma, but the sea fairy said: "No; we
must hasten to the Thanksgiving dinner
of the Prince and Princess Starfish. I
have told them to expect a little earth
maiden, and you are to be the honored
g-uest."
After passing through thousands of
these sea gardens they hoard the faint
sound of music, but it did not sound like
"With that mamma laughed, and said to
papa: ''Mince piei! Didn't I tell you aoT'
Helen opened her eyes, and looked
around, saying: - "Bat tho Princess Star
fish sent you her recipe for making
mince pies."
Helen knew it must be growing/ late,
so, after the meal was ended and the
music had ceased, and all the baby fish
were fairly tumbling from their seats with
sleepiness. Helen took leave of the kind
Prince and Princess Starfish. and all tho
guests, and the fairy having fastened her
wings on once more, they started for
home. They had not yet reached the fair
world, when Helen was startled by hear
ing a voice, which sounded strangely Iiko
her own mamma's voice, and.lt was say
ing: "I was afraid she would be restless
to-night, when she ate so much of that
mince pie and crab salad to-day. It is a
good thing Thanksgiving comes but once
a year.**
The table was laden with good things,
and Helen liked everything they gave
her, although she had never before tasted
any of these dishes. There was a salad,
made of the sea-lettuce, and all kinds of
queer meat, and something they called
mince pie. which, although It did not taste
at all like the mince pie Helen had eaten
so heartily of at home, that day was
most delicious, and Helen asked the Prin
cess /or the reclpe.>
The little Jellyfish were laughing at
the crabs, because they looked so funny.
walking side-ways on their claws — but
Just then one of the baby crabs gave ono
of the baby Jellyfish a nudge In the
side, and it hurt so that the gigglins waa
stopped. However, taking It all In aM.*
they behaved so much better at the tab!*
than children on the land that Helen sail
to herself that she would never again be
rude or fault-finding at the table. Thera
were many other families at this Thanks
giving feast— the Flounders— the Salmon,
and others, too numerous to mention.
After all were seated, the feast began,
and all the while there was the most
charming music, coming from a tiny or
chestra of fish, concealed In a huge tree.
The flutes were made of dried kelp .and
the violins of tiny shells, with cords of
sea-grass stretched tightly across. These
gave forth the sweetest sounds, and !t
made Helen remark to the Jellyfish who
sat next her: "Oh. I do wi?h mamma
could hear that!" Her voice sounded si»
big that it frightened the baby flan la
the trees, and they all began crying for
their mammas. There was a queer sound
of all the mammas darting from the table.
to comfort the babies, and explain to
them that Helen lived on the land, where
everybody talked In that way. and that
she was a good little girl, anc would not
harm them. Quiet was once more re
stored, and she was allowed to talk all
she wished after that. -• Sm'--' : -
Helen ventured to shake hands with,
Mrs. Sea-Anemone, but was sorry she
did. because she took Helen's flncer In
her mouth and squeezed it until Helen
thought she would never see that finger
again. She had to stand there till th<?
Sea-Anemone went to draw a long breath,
and out dropped the finger. After that
she was very carefuj not to shak© hands
with any more of the Anemone family.
They were very nice to look at. but one
Just couldn't be friendly with such people.
Papa and Mamma Jellyfish looked fun
nier than anybody there. Helen thought.
They were* so fat and wobbly, and you
could see right through them. Helen,
couldn't see what they ate. or where they
put It. but they surely must eat some
thing, for they were all fat and wobbly,
and good-natured. They could hardly
keep their places at the table, though,
they were so > sllck, and some of the Jelly
fish children were all the time slipping
off their seats, and under the table, ani
having to be picked up by the tiny sea
falrles who were- In attendance. Then
there were the Sea-Anemones, -which at
first Helen thought were pretty preen and
white sunflowers. When they were sit
ting at the table they looked like flowers,
but as soon as any one would touch them
they would draw themselves up tight,
till they looked Just like soft, green pin
cushions.
The little purple babies of the Sea-
Urchln family got to giggling at the
table, but one look from the papa, and
one shake from his thousand fingers,
made them stop giggling, and look as
sober and demure as It Is possible for a
little Sea-Urchln to look.
The twins sat next their mamma, and
they were no bigger than Helen's thumb
nail. She noticed that they d!d not cry
nor tease at the table, and were- suited
with everything: to which they were
served. It made Helen feel* Just a little
bit ashamed, for she thought that even
a little starfish might teach her some
thing about table manners. Then there
were the Abalone family. They said they
had quite a time to get away from home,
as' they were all stuck so closely to a
rock that they almost broke their beau
tiful shells pulling away from it. Never
theless they were there, and evidently
enjoying: themselves very much. Next
came the Sea-Urchins. O, my! how funny
they looked— a great row of them, all cov
ered with sticker?. They were bright red
and purple and brown, and were beau
tiful to look upon, but Helen heard Mamma
Jellyfish whisper to the Princess, and
say: "I would rather not sit next the
Sea-Urchlns. please, because they keep
jabbing me m the sides with their
stfekers." The- Sea-Urchlns Insisted upon
shaking hands with Helen, too. and their
stickers punched Into her soft little hands
so that she was glad when she reached
the end of the row. However, they
meant well. sh« was sure, and were &
very Jolly family.
cess Starfish, wno were very large, anc
of a bright red color, and each had as
many as twenty points. Then there was
a long row of the starfish children, who
were sitting on the couch by the table.
Some were little and some were big, and
they were all colors.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
THE FISHES' THANKSGIVING
DINNERmil. ANTHONY HOPE gives us a
prychologica! study as his latest
novel. "Quisajite."' He presents
to us a njiiu whose life is de
vcted to political ambition*— a man who
a.t one lime mentally soars far
above the heads of other men and then
spoils all his grand flights the next in-
F:ar.t by seme petty meanness. Qui
sante is, as Hope expresses it, "a
strange, intolerable, vulgar, attractive.
Intermittently Inspired creature, who
presented himself at life's roulette table,
not less various in his own person than
were the varying turns he courted, un
accountable as chance, baffling as fate,
cl'-aiigc-MliIe as luck. Indeed, he was lifce
l!fe Itself. 3 thing you loved and hated.
mw weary of anil embraced, shrank
from ar.d pursued."
The interest of the story is divided be
tween Qulsante and May Gaston— a
woman of as noble a mind as she is of
birth. And the author depends upon
holding his readers' attention not by his
usual dramatic style of action and incl
uent, but rather by the more intricate.
.and !:: this case hardly so satisfactory,
way of diving deep into the analysis cf
motives.
The present work is uneven. At times
Mr. Hoi>e. if we may borrow the term
frum his Icok. has ins moments and pro
cures an effect, but for the greater part
the Immo-e amount of small talk is drv
and *.riiJiier« sting.
[Ill dial-Tue is i;ot up to Its usual
standard. Often the reader will feel
tempted to put the book aside, and then
continuing will find a chapter which mora
than repays for the sleepy passages.
The opening chapter introduces u* dl
rectiy to yuisanto in the act of manipu
lating an increase in his allowance from
his old mauien aunt. Maria. He is filled
with political aspirations and a!so has
some thoughts of capturing a wife. He
has pueceoded In getting into the inner
circle of English aristocracy through his
remarkable mental abilities and magnet
ism as a speaker and in spite of his in
herent faults of »;ot being a gentleman
and rather lacking in the finer sensibil
ities "f honor and honesty. As the
author puts it. he • has at times
"moments"' which carry all before him.
monents when he seems inspired as only
a man of the highest Impulses could be.
moments when he bursts Into such a flood
of oratory that people forget the man
entirely and bow to his great Intellect,
'i he next instant he drops back to his
old self, the man without refinement, the
fawning sycophant. He compels inter
est and admiration, though never a real
liking in the hearts or men nor true love
in women.
He Fucceeds through his powerful per
sonality in winning for a wife a splendid
woman. May Gaston; and the study of
the story is whether this broad-minded
and thoroughly honest and noble woman
will mcoeed in elevating this man or sac
riike her finer sensibilities to his stronger
masculine nature.
She is loved by a man of her own rank
and station— a man endowed with all the
refinement and sterling qualities of the
gentleman born: a man who is thoroughly
lovable, but entirely opposite in nature to
all that makes Quisante so impeilttigly
fascinating. She deliberately gives him
up. however, to cast her lot where her
tntehect dictates rather than where her
heart leans.
After marriage this husband and wife
and the rejected suitor are constantly
tnrown together, and it is hardly fo be
expected that for the wife the compari
sons could be ever pleasant.'
"The sight of the two men brought
home to her with a new and an almost
terrible 6harpness the divorce between her
emotional liking and her intellectual in
terest. And in a matter which all expe
rience declared to concern the emotions
primarily she had elected to give foremost
place to the intellect, to suffer under an
ever recurring jar of the feelings for the
6ake or an occasional treat to the brain.
That was her prospect unless she could
transform the nature of Alexander Qul
sante."
Mr. Here, whatever may be said of his
occasionally long and dry conversations.
Is certainly consistent in the development
<jt the characters of May and Qulsante.
He does not overdo either of them. Read
ers who are looking for a heroine with a
broken heart or expecting to see Quisante
take to drink or go to the dogs will be
disappointed. They drift along in a per
fectly natural way. each taking a little
from the best and worst of the other's
nature.
May throws her heart and soul into the
political life of her husband, but can
never accustom herself to the petty dis
honesty and underhand schemes of which
he is constantly guilty. Quisante realizes
all this and hides his shortcomings from
his wife as best he can, but It is bred In
the bone of the man. and it is as impos
sible for him to eradicate the baser parts
of his nature as it is for him to subordi
nate his higher ambitions. A little of the
position each occupies toward the other is
well expressed in the following:
"When he fell in love with May Gaston.
however, part of her attraction for him
had lain in his sense of a difference be
tween them— of htr grasp on things and
on aspects of things which eluded him;
in this mood he had been prepared . to
worship, to learn, to amend. These things
for a little while he had done or attempt
ed, and had boen met by zealous efforts
to the game end on her part. His great mo
ments had been frequent then, and May
had felt that the risky work that t>he bad
undertaken might prosper and at last be
crowned with uucceES. .As for some
months back this Idea of hers had been
dving, oven so Qutsante's humble morid
filed. ' Now his suspicious vanity saw
blame of what he was. or even contempt
of him. ¦ in every word by which she
tseemed to invite him to become anything
different. Though she had declared her
eelf on his side by the most vital action
of her life he imputed to her a leaning to
ward treachery; her heart was more with
his critics than with him." ¦ • ; 'y
Quirante wins his election largely
through an aspersion cast upon the prl-
ate character of his opponent. The scan
dal, as far as the world knows. Is not
BtaitcC by Quisante; he is far too clever
to be found out by any one of importance
vo his cause, with the^ne exception of his
wife, who accidentally discovers the truth.
After the election he devotes himself to
Coaling a business venture, and here suc
ceeds again by the questionable method of
warping the report cf a man who had op
portunely died. Still It must be said in
his Justification that If It had not been
for his great "moments" his failure would
have been certain in both undertakings-
It is only to be regretted that for success
he is obliged to turn to methods impos
sible for a man of honor.
He finally has a stroke, for he Is a man
of no physical strength, which the doctors
declare will prevent him ever again pur
suing an active life. Here the man's won
derful reserve force once more asserts
Itself, and despite the mandate of. the
physicians he delivers the greatest "ora
tion of all that he has ever given, and at
the same time strikes his own deathblow.
He dies at just the right time for a power
ful ending of the story.
The rejected eultor, after a lapse tt
two years after the death of Qulsante,
addresses himself to May. He receives In
Mujy a letter which is one of the best
flmerlcao Jewish Year Book..
The present volume of. the American
Jewish Tear Book- for 5661 Is more than
double the size of the first issue. There
is Incorporated with it the annual report
of the society, which hitherto ha3 ap
peared as a. separate pamphlet. In addi
tion, many new features of Interest have
been added, A preliminary list of the
Jewish- Boldiers and. sailors who served
In the ; Spanish- American war Is Riven,
and also biographical sketches of the
Jews who served; in Congress. As the
Jews In America are interested in the
welfare of their brethren In all parts of
the world, it was deemed advisable to
publish In condensed form a statement of
the ecclesiastical, scholastic and national
organizations of Jews abroad, and in view
of the interest which centered in Franca
to devote especial attention to that coun
try and to the great International o/ganl
zatlon which/; bas its seat In Paris,. 'the
"will account for their form and for oc
casional, repetition .*,' ; It will ulso account
for the fact that the book does not. contain
anything like a serious and reliable treat
ment of the subject set forth by the
title. " . ¦• •
The various' papers included in the work
are: "The Economic Basis of Imperial
ism"; "Russia as a World Power"; "The
Struggle for Commercial Empire": "Can
New Openings Be Found for Capital?"
"The New Economic , Problem": VThe
United States as -a World Power"; "Na
ture of the Economlc.and Political Prob
lem"; "The. United States as a World
Power, -Their Advantages in the Competi
tion for Commerce/' The argument of the
whole is: "Events., are opening {he way
for party divisions upon new Issues, In
which the party/ of a continuous national
policy, pledged to keep open -the world
market upon conditions of. equal oppor
tunity, will .command the support not
alone of the business community, but of
all far-seeing men who desire the perpetu
ation of the ideals of Anglo-Saxon civiliza
tion." (Published by Houghton. Mlffln &
Co., New York. Price Jl 25.)
Valics, or. tbe Science of Value.
Among the new books on. the "money
question" which continue to pour out from
the press under the stimulus of the Pres
idential campaign the most original that
has come to our notice ia a volume enti
tled "Vallcs, or the Science of Value,"
by George Reed. Like most, other original
men who have written on this subject,
the author 'is sure he ha.s solved every
problem connected with finance. He an
nounces in his preface: "We know that
we have thrown light upon the subject of
value, shown the eternal foundation of
science and added power -to the machin
ery that shall yet destroy a great wrong.
We have taken up arms against that men
tal monstrosity, the gold standard, and
we need help."
Mr. Reed defines "vallcs" aa "the sci
ence of value," but he goes on to say that
as value is the medium of exchange
among men, this science could be appro
priately called "the science of commerce
or t the science 'of exchange." The book
shows a great deal of reading' of the
¦works of the classic economists, and of
general topics allied to financial questions.
The author holds the opinion the
world is at this time suffering greatly
by reason of bad financial systems and
asserts that the remedy "is to weaken
tho'purchas'.ng power of gold, to cut off
the demand for gold, to cut uf£ the com
mand that gold has over the services of
'men. to make it cheap as measured In
human. effort, which can be done by re
fusing to work for It, and the debts ccukl
be left to go ahead and pay themselves,
which they would do with great accelera
tion."
By way of reducing- the price of gold
he proposes the adoption of sliver as
money. Were that done, he says: "Gold
being of no further use for the purpose
of paying wages would fall Immediately
and we would have rising prices and great
would be the fall of yoid, for it sits ex
alted, raised to that bad eminence through
unjust laws made -for greed and upheld
by folly and Ignorance." (Published by
George iteed, 10 Stevenson street. Sun
Francisco. " Price Jl.)
Sigurd EcRdal's Bride. ¦
. In "Sigurd. Eckdal's Bride" Richard
Voss ha.i given us a characteristically
Norwegian story— unsatisfactory ending
and all. Nanson's expedition to the nortn
pole probably gave the motif for the tale.
It is the story of two men, Svend Hansen
and. his friend Sigurd, who start out in a
balloon for the north pole. Prior to their
sailing aloft, however, it seems that
Maren Allmers, a woman beloved by Han
sen, has fallen in love with Sigurd. Han
son has his head so turned by Jealousy
that on the trip he kills Sigurd and upon
his return swears that Sigurd was a auf
cidc. He succeeds in persuading Maren
.to. become his bride, and while she is true
to him as a wife, still he never whis her
love. At lasi his unhappiness is termln
nted by the los» of his life in rescuing
chiWren from a fire. It is then that the
widow learns the truth, for she finds
among the papers of Hansen evidence tc
convlr.ee .her that Sigurd wns murdered.
An assemblage has gathered to do honor
to the memory of her husband. To this
the goes and announces: .
" "I, Svend Har.stn's widow, accuse my
dead husband of Oik murder of his friend
and my oetrothed lover. Sigurd Eckdul.
I herewith deliver his own confession.'
"She' held m> a srr.all packet of papers."
"With this the story ends. (Published by
Little, Brown & Co., Boston. Price ili><J.)
Tha Golden Eo-k of Vsnice
It would be. difficult to find a more In
teresting period or mere charming place
for a romance than tht beautiful city of
Venice In the . sixteenth century.- Mrs.
Lawrence Turnbuil. in her story. "The
Golden Hook of Venice," knows her his
tory and lier Venice well. She has caught
the coloring and gives exquisite pen pict
ures of this City of the Sra of three hun
dred years ago — lts-tanals, Its gorgeous
palaces, grand churches, broad public
squares and governmental buildings.
The hero, Marcantonio Glustinianl. a
young grandee of the City of the Sea,
marries the daughter ol a wealthy glass
worker, and causes i.er name to be in
scribed, in the LJbro d Oro. which records
only the noble families of the republic.
Marina of Murano is u young woman of
such beauty that Veronese takes her as
the model of a painting of the Madonna.
She is devoted to her husband, but in tha
famous Quarrel between Paul the Pope
and Paul' the Friar, over a ciuestion of
Papal prerogative, ner sympathies ate
with the Papacy as against the republic
and its representative, on whose side h<;r
husband and his family are arrayed. One
of the chief adventurer in the book is the
heroine's flight from Venice as a self-ap
pointed envoy to Rome, with her pursuit
and capture by agents of the Council cf
Ten. Characters of historic Interest, such
as Fra Paolo and Paul Veronese, play
conspicuous parts in the unfolding of tho
plot. -
The story ends with Paul V's removal
of his ineffective edict against Venice — one
of the landmarks In the religious history
of mankind. The cover design, in mosaic,
is stamped In three colors on Venetian
red. (Published by The Century Com
pany, New York. Price. $1 50.)
The California. Girl Calendar.
One' of the, swellest.'and probably most
popular, calendars for the coming year is
The California Girl ; Calendar, illustrated,
by Mary Davison. Miss Davlson has long
been known as one of the /leading artists
of America and her work ik highly prized.
The present calendar comprises six orig
inal drawings in, pen, c/ayon and wash
all of them very attractive. The subjects
include: "Under California Skies." "The
Golf Girl," "The Hunting Girl." "The
Summer Girl," "The Graduate" and "A
Daughter of the Boll." (Published by The
Dodge | Publishing Company, New "York
and San Francisco. Price $1.) : * *
The Footsteps of a Throne.
Lovers of the Archibald • Claver'.ng
Gunther class of literature, of narrative
full cf plot and oqunter plot, • will read
with interest Max Pemberton's latest
book, "The Footsteps of a Throne. 1 * .It Is
a thrilling story of Russian intrigue,' oc
cupied especially with the telling of how
a certain beautiful Russian possessed of
a penchant for gambling wins the love of
a brave and worthy Englishman. The lady
sees her' money disappear over the
gambling table and Is banished' to Mos
cow. Sho Is not of a bad sort, however,"
and there is plenty of; excitement In the
story of how she and the Englishman
finally succeed in tricking the Russian
spies." (Published by D. Appleton & Co.,
New York. Price Jl 50.)
Expansion.
Out of the ferment, In the public mind
over the possibilities of trade and empire
in the Orient new books are being pro
duced as fast almost as new novels. . One
of the best of the short and admittedly
sketchy works of the day on the" subject
is Under New World Condi
tions," by Josiah Strong. - The -argument
of the book is that 'hew, conditions con
front- us and that. we must adapt.our
selves to them. 'Among, these new 'condi
tions he includes the. exhaustion /of our
arable public lands; the development of a
manufacturing industry' capable! of pro
ducing goods beyond the consuming' power
of the people and- the consequent need *of
new " fields for American enterprise and
The lioroe of Santa Claus.
Little readers who discover in their
Christmas stockings George A. nest's
book on "The Home of Santa Claus" have
a treat in store "for them. '.The book is
too large to fit in the usual holiday slock
ing, but. It' will be • Just as welcome | if
it is found In close proximity. The story
Is an entertaining one of a' small boy,
Leslie Gordon, who takes a trip right into
the domain of Father Santa Claus and
has a beautiful time with the small peo
ple of Santa Clauberg. The greatest
charm of the book lies in its illustrations.
They are from photographs taken by
Arthur Ullyett and will, bo convincing to
the young mind that the camera has at
last caught old Father Christmas right at
home. The ldoa of bringing photography
into use in this connection is a new one
and undoubtedly a great success. It gives
the Btory a suggestion of realism delight
ful to the hearts of young believers. (Pub
lished by Cassell & Co., New York. Trice
*1 &0.) • - ¦¦ .
Trjc United States in the Orient.
The fashion set by novelists to publish
their stories flrstiin magazines and later
on In book form has been followed by a
considerable number of able writers on
political" and economic topics. Articles
contributed to magazines and reviews are
put together. under a common title, and
behold, a book is made. Quite. a number
of volumes : of that '¦ character : have been
Issued of late, and the buyer who expects
from the title that a given book will con
tain a comprehensive and consistent study
of some subject In which he, ia Interested
'is very apt to find when he gets home that
the volume Is a mere compilation of pa
pers from periodicals and having all the
characteristics of hasty magazine writing.
. A book of that kind is "The United
States In the Orient," by Charles A. Co
nant. The volunie ; has all/the outward
seeming of being a genuine treatise on the
subject, but at the close of the preface
the ' author ¦¦'. announces ; his ; Indebtedness
to "the publishers,'of-the North American
Review, the Fonim >; and . ; the - Atlantlo
Monthly for. permission to use the articles
in book form." "Itjappears the various pa
pers i have : : been • contributed to • those per
lodlcals , at- Intervals for the past two
years,; a' fact which/ as the author says.
written portions of the book, and for
which we must forgive Mr. Hope his, at
times, long-drawn-out prosaic ness. What
she says v.e will leave to the. reader of the
Ftory to discover, but this letter explains
man>» of the points which . have been
queries, and is a splendid conclusion for
a remarkably strong study, of character.
(Published by Frederick A. Stokes. Com
rany. New York. Price Jl 50.)
B. G. LATHROr.
China's Orjly Hope
The Chinese as a race seem to be lack
ing in curiosity, but one of them, a man
by the name of Chan Chih Tung, .Viceroy
of Hunan, has written a book pointing
«ut the only method by which China can
be reformed. In It he uses every effort to
Ptimuliite the interest of his countrymen #
in the changes which have been going on '
around them, and tries-." to arouSe' them"
from their apathy by showing the won- j
dors of the world's progress. The book
was so pleasing to the Emperor that, he
caused a million conies of it to be cir
culated throufih the omplrc.
Chang Chih Tung's work Is entitled
"China's Only Hope."
It lias been much advertised as the book
which woke up Chlub and caused the
wonderful reform wave which Is sweep-
Ing over the empire. But the roforrn
movement # ls not new ond the present out
break Is merely the i:ulmir.ation of- a
force which has been t. 'action ever since
the Mongol Invasion; die effort of a sub
jugated race to obtain Its freedom.
The political situation in China is sup
posed to be this: That the ma.1->rlty of the
people are In favor cf a free press,
school? of modern learning, railroads an.l
a navy; that the present Emperor, wh(l3
a Tartar, r? EtllJ In favor of the same
ideas and for that reason the reformers
wish to place him o:i the throne where
he can carry out th«» plans which the
Dowager interrupted by deposing him.
Opposed to the Emperor, the reformers
and the people generally, are the Dow
ager and Tartar aristocracy, the mili
tary and the literati, w.io wish everything
to remain as it is. :
"China's Only Hope" Is disappointing
In that it shows Its writer to be more
in ignorance -.if the world than any one
would believe of a Viceroy. ' It is full of
dull saws ar.d .nncien,: Instances. The fol
lowing Is characteristic of what It* says
and the way of saying it:
Generally speaking our Government institu
tion? are used In timea of peace and prosperity
for the rarourasemfnt of learnlnB. and our offi
cials are employed for the maintenance of
rower. Thus by favor of the court the capa
bilities cf the people are enlarged. But when
danger and <llstre*B threaten to overwhelm the
country, the Mandarins maintain a rlifld chas
tity and the people stand ready for her defense.
Great >jlainne?g of Fpcerh is employed by the
counselors of the FOveref&n. and the best wis
dom of the empire is oalied forth to meet, the
issue. There is one great purpose In the hrarts
of rll— to save the country from corruption,
and the Ftrength of the land is concentrated In
order to guard againtt ths Impending evil. Thuit
th<- resources of the people are exhibtted and
the court is free from anxlous'care. '- •
That is the rasy way that Chang Chlh
would pull China through a difficulty and
he calls It the "only hope."
Newspapers are loudly, praised by Mr.
Chang. He says of them. "Matters of dip
lomacy, war, etc.. which our high offi
cials dare not speak about above a whis
per, are proclaimed aloud by the foreign
newspapers so that the whole world
hears, and not only our affairs but those
of Japan. Europe and all countries, the
alliances, .ruptures, designs, battles, plots
are published so that one can see all
sides of a question and be on his guard."
In the same way that he Illustrates the
usefulness of papers he goes through
with the other improvements— railroads,
telegraphs and schools of Western learn
ing, evidently trying by his simple de
scriptions to rouse an interest regarding^
the improvement which China needs. ¦
Among the- Chinese the bcok may serve
its purpose in awakening their curiosity
Rufficlerttly to pet them investigating our
methods; but whether or no It is readable
for them it is certainly without Interest
to Americans. (Published by the Flem
ing H. Revell -.Company, New York.
Price 75 cents.) ¦ /¦'¦¦' •
°The.Flower*bf th'c Flock..
In "The Flower of th<j Flock," Mr. Nor
ris gives' evidence .of a careful study of
English^ and j American character and
shows very clearly the widely different
ideas dominant in English and American
families. - * - •
The characters are all fine tj^ics and
one of the best things to be said about
the book is that it Is pure. It will no
doubt be received with the favor that it
merits.
In the opening chapter one meets most
of the prominent people In the story at an
English tea. The characters are such
strong, personalties that the reader bo
comes deeply Interested from the firht.
The tea is given to introduce Mrs. Van
ReeB to London society. She is a young
widow from New York, who goes to Lon
don with the intention of enjoying her
self. Her riches,' charm of manner and ¦
ready American wit make her at once a
social success.
Mrs. Van Rees meets Captain Charles;.
Strode, a nephew of her host, Lord S
Carshalton, at the tea, and becomes in
terested in. him. This young captain of ¦
the Thirtieth Lancers is the absorbing
character study of the book.
It is the old s"tory of a man who r ls
ruined by the adoration of his family.
Everything the, captain does is right and
every excuse is made for him. He is leit
to his sports, while his father and younger
brother work hard amassing a fortune for
the spendthrift. He realizes his Rhort
comings. but is too weak to correct them/
He has never been accused of a fault till
he meets Mrs. Van Rees, with whom he
falls violently in love. She bees him aj
he is and takes him to task for his ac
tions. She sees that he has encouraged
false hopes in the- breast of a penniless
cousin who lives with his mother, and 6he
points out to him his duty. She has a
wonderful influence over him and when
the business panic comes and Strode ana
son lose heavily, she brings him to a
full realization of his unworthiness, and
he seeks a commission which lakes him
to Africa. ""*.;<*
, The captain feels the hopelessness of his
love for Mrs. Van Rees and hates the
Idea of marriage with his cousin, who
considers herself engaged to him and re
fuses brilliant offers.
Mrs. Van Rees extends her visit " in
order to comfort the wretched family, for
she fjels responsible for the departure
of the "Flower of the Flock." It is very
amusing to see Lady Caroline Strode tak
ing Mrs. Van Rees to her heart after tho
loss of the fortune, when the reader re
calls her horror of the possibility of a
marriage with Charles 'before the ca
tastrophe. Mrs. Van , Rees understands
perfectly, but notwithstanding : Is quite
fond of Lady Caroline and takes her and
the cousin Lucy Bramston to New York,
where she entertains them .- In : splendid'
fashion. Lucy's heart though is In Africa
and she refuse* to be interested in the
men her hostess surrounds her with.
In the course of time the flower 6f the
flock returns to England to recover from
the effects of a fever and Mrs. Van Recs
Invites him to'AmVlca to escort the la-.
new markets for American goods."
The author is in favor of an Anglo-
Saxon alliance; which, he says, means
"the consciousness in ourselves' and _ the
declaration to. others that our national
sympathies are' everywhere on the side, of
Justice," freedom and. education; the nat
ural self-consciousness that In this respect
our spirit and"that of the people of Great
Britain are one; that the enemies of.jus
tice, freedom and education the world
over must hereafter reckon with America
and Great Britain as open; avowed and
courageous friends of these inalienable
rights of humanity." He let" furthermore
strongly in favor of expansion by war
where war is needed, and says: "It is time
to dismiss thecraven fear of being great,
to recognize the place in the world which
God has given us and to accept the re
sponsibilities which It devolves upon us
in behalf of Christian civilization." (Pub
lshed by the Baker & Taylor Company,
New. York. Price Jl.)
dies home. About this time a small for
tune* is left to Lucy, and the -younger
brother Sam (the real flower of the flock),
has little difficulty in persuading Charles
that he should marry Lucy. The hero
Sam has always loved her, but his love
and admiration for his brother is his first
thought." - i
However. It all works out very prettily
in -the end, and Sam Is not called upon
for greater sacrifices. Charles goes .to
New York, and Lucy, seeing that he -is
in love with the widow, turns the story by
giving him up; . ', • .fV. ¦>'; •
While the ending of the book^ may not
be entirely satisfactory to many reader-?,
still to the majority the hero, with all- his
faults, appears so fascinating .that one
cannot help falling under the spell. Of
the many charms of the story, one of the
most noticeable is the clever 'conversa
tion. The dialogue is uniformly good.
(Published by D. Appleton & Co., New
York. Price, $1.)
Books Received.
ATTWOOD'S PICTURES— An Artist's
History of the Last Ten Years- of ' tha
Nineteenth Century. Life Publishing Com
pany. New York. $3. ¦-..'>•
HEIRS OF YESTERDAY- By Emma
Wolf. A C. McClurg & Co.. Chicago. U.
JACINTA, And Other Verses— By How
ard V. Sutherland. Doxey's. New. York.
75 cents. . , „ . . ,
PATROON VAX VOLKENBERG-By
Henry Thew Stephenson. The Bawen-
Merrill. Company, Indianapolis, fl 60.
THE PRODIGAL— By Mary, Halloed
Foote. Houghton, Mifilin & Co., Xew.
York. $1 25.
PATH AND GOAL— By Ada Cambridg*.
D. Appleton & Co.. Xew York.' $L -
THE STORY OF THE SOLDIEII -B*
George A. Forsyth. U. 8. A. (ratlred). D,
Appleton & Co., New York. $150.
DAVID HARUM— By Edward Noyes
"Wescott. I>. Appleton & Co., New York.
52 00. ¦ ¦ . ¦
THE YOUNG BANDMASTER-By Cap
tain Ralph Bonehlll. The Mershon Com
pany, New ; York. <¦-.'.. j. a .
QUICKSAND— By Hervey. White. Small
Maynard & Co., Boston. $1 50.
SONG AND SONU WRITERS— By
Henry. T. Flnclc. Charles Scrtbner's Sons.
New York. Jl 25.
CRITTENDEN-By John Fox Jr.
Charles Scrlbner's Sens. New York. Jl 25.
FORE: Life's Book for- Golfer*— Ufa
Publishing Company, New York. tZ.
HALF PORTIONS-Short Society
Stories. Life Publishing Company, Nevr
York. U 25.
JOHN DREW- By Edward A. Dithmar.
Frederick A. Stokes Company, New York.
$123.
ELLEN TERRY— By Clement* Scott.
Frederick A. Stokes Company, New YorK.
$1 25.
THE MEN OF THE MERCHANT SER
VICE—By Frank T. Bullen. F. R. o. 9.
Frederick A. Stokes Company, New Yort.
Jl 5»>.
THE CASE AND EXCEPTIONS-By
Frederick Trevor Hill. Frederick A.
Stokes Company. New York. Jl 23.
MARY BLUE AND BKOWN MAM— By-
Morgan Shepard. Elder & Shepard, Saa
Francisco. In box. t3 cents.
THE WORLDS DISCOVERERS-By
William Henry Johnson. Little. Brown
& Co.. Boston. Jl 50. - I.?.- ¦;•
THE DAY DP.EAM-By Alfred Teany
eon, with illustrations by Amelia Bauerle.
John Lane. New York. 50 cents.
A HUNDRED ANECDOTES OF ANI
MALS—With pictures by Percy J. BUlIng
hurst John Lane. New York. $150.
MOTHER GOOSE COOK ED-By John
H. Myrtle and .Reginald Rlgby. John
Lane. New York. 7» cents. ".
PROVERBS IMPROVED— Pictures by
Grace H. May and verses by Frederick
Chapman. John Lane, New York. 75
cents. "
BALLADS OF AMERICAN BRAVERY
—Edited, with notes, by Clinton Scollard.
Silver. Burdett & Co.. New York. E0 cents.
THE BREAD LINE— By Albert Blgelow
Paine. The Century Company. New
York. Jl 25. : .
EUGENE NORTON— By Ann« Shannon
Monroe. Rand, McNally & Co.. Chicago.
Jl 25. - . , '
THE MAN WITH THE HOE-By Ed
win Marknajn. , Doxey. New York. 75
cents. - • y . "t--, -.
One of the most interesting feature* of
the Christmas number -of -Camera Craft
will be a profusely illustrated article b;'
Dr. Arnold Genthe. . on "Photographing
Children in Chinatown." Dr. (Jenthe" ha*
spent years in collecting Chinese pictures
and the result of'hia labors "will "be de
scribed for the first time. Another feature
will be the reproduction of fourteen orig
inal India ink drawings by the famous
pioneer artist. Charles Nahl, depicting
scenes in the early history of California,
These drawings, made nearly fifty years
ago, are as bright and fresh to-day as
they were upon the day they were fin
ished. A sixteen-page color form an<l
'numerous Inserts will add to the value ot
the- holiday number. There will be no ad
vance in price. . .
Among the Americans bosle^ed In
Peking was William X. Pethick. confiden
tial secretary to LJ Hciis ChangJ of whose
household he was left in charge, when
Earl Li made his famous to-ur of- tho
world in lS9fi. Mr. Pethick has written
for the December Century a vivid account
of an incident of the siege which involved
the legatloners rn imminent peril, from
which they were rescued, not * without
some loss of life, mainly 'through the skill
and courage of Herbert G. S»(uires, first
secretary cf the United States legation,
an ex-army officer of tried ability. As &
result of this service Mr. Squires was ap
pointed chief of staff to Major Sir Claud*
Macdonald. the British Minister, vtto
commanded the forces of defence.
Another volume in tho artistic mono
graphs reprinted from the Portfolio 1» &
work on "Cameos" by Cyri'» Davenport,
F. S. A., of the British Museum, and
author, of "Royal English B<>ok Bind
ings." There will tx* eight illustrations In
color and twenty "in monochrome, repro-
Eenting specimens of most of the famous
cameos. -It will be published at an early
date by The Macmlllan Company.
The latest development in magazines Is
the entrance of the firm of John Wan
amcker into the publisher'* field. They
will take over and publish, beginning with,
the December issue. Everybody's .Maga
zine. A highly attractive Christmas num
ber 13 promised, with contribution?! from
James Whitcomfo Kiley. Miss Mary E.
Wilklns. Charles Major, author, of "When
Knighthood was in Flower"; Edwin A.«a
Dlx of "Deacon Bradbury" fame and a
novel serial by a new Southern " woman
writer of whom much is expected.
In the Christmas number <¦? Sorlbner's
there will appear a series of r<» ; reduction!
In color of great pictures by ruvls d<»
Chavannes. These have been la preparat
ion for almost a year and aro excellent
examples of the most advance 1 methods
of color reproduction. They accompany
an essay by John La Farge, the eminent
art critic and artist.
Literary Notes
Boys who love tale-* of adventure t>y
sea — and what boy does not?— will enjoy
Harry Castlemon's latest book, entitled
"The First Capture, or Hitnltae Down the
Flag of England." It recounts the thrill
ing life of two American boyi at the tlm«
of the American Revolution. They take
an active part In the great naval engage
ments of the day and COTO* themselves
with glory. The story la written in a di
rect and concise style, while the vocabu
lary is within easy comprehension of th*
youthful reader and tho type larga enoush
to suit the weakest eyea, iP-ibllshed by
the Saalfleld Publishing Company, New
York. Price 73c.) ,
The First Capture.
essary and not be embittered. to> keep a
few friends, but these without capitula
tion—above all, on the same grim condi
tion, to keep friends with himrelf— here U
a task for all that a man has of fortitude
and delicacy."
Alliance Israelite Unlverselle. <P« b " 9h «*
by the Jewish -Publication Society or
America.)
Kelea. fe Surf-Rider.
In "Kelea, the Surf Rider." Alexander
Stevenson Twombly gives us a vivid ro
mance of pagan Hawaii. Mr. Twombly
has resided in the Islands for eo long a
time that he Is perfectly familiar wltn
his Bubject and could not fail to write a
story of merit. He has cleverly inter
woven the folklore of the country with
history and then added a love story to
make the whole a very readable and quite
-Instructive novel. The book contains
many dramatic situations and exciting in
cidents in connection with the exploration
of volcanoes, shark-fighting, surf-riding,
catching wild birds and the native wars.
The motif of the story centers in the ri
valry of two native girls for favor In the
eyes of a young chieftain. One of these
young women i3 the noble but passionate
Kelea, and the other a maiden of the op
posite type, called Pu Aloha (The Flower
of Love). This latter character is rather
impossible for that petiod, but neverthe
less acceptable. The illustrations are no
small addition to the text, being halftone
reproductions of actual scenes In the Isl
ands. (Published by Fords, Howard &
Hurlbert, New York. Price, $1 50.)
Rival Boy Sportsman
Mr. Parker's previous books, "Six
Ycung Hunters" and "Grant Burton," at
tracted attention from their spirited
treatment of outdoor, life, wholesome tone
'and fine illustrations. In this story,
"Rival Eoy Sportsman," Grant Burton,
hero of the previous volume, returns to
school vastly Improved by his experiences.
Through his leadership another club of
enthusiastic young sportsmen is formed,
not hostile to the first, but In friendly
rivahy, In pursuance of which they en
gage In a sarics of contests. Including a
hunting match, a fishing match, a boat
race, etc. An excellent idea of amateur
sports 13 gfven in a way that could be
done only by one thoroughly conversant
with them. This third volume is a fit
ting climax both in subject matter and
illustrations. The sixty-two pen and inks,
full page in part, scattered through the
bcok make it a very attractive boys' book.
(Published by Lee and Shepard, Boston.
Ptice fl 23.)
The Baby Scholar.
A book has been published on "Viola
Olerich. the Famous Baby Scholar," re
lating the facts concerning this extraor
dinary Iowa infant whose life of forty
two months haa caused a sensation. From
the biography of this healthy child it
does not appear that at any time her
mental growth hindered in any way her
normal physical development. And yet
before her third birthday Viola counted
among her accomplishments: Reading,
writing, drawing, a vocabulary of 2500
English words, a fair smattering of
French and German, a surprising knowl
edge of geometrical figures, of astronomi
cal terms, of botanical analysis, etc. A
number of photographs corroborate the
descriptions. The. author. Professor
Henry Olerich.^ late School Superintendent
in, Iowa, gives* a lucid explanation for his
child's accomplishments. He demon
strates how . ., the majority of children
trained In the same manner may be
brought up to the very same results.
(Published by Laird & Lee, Chicago.
Price 00 cents).
The Dobleys.
Here js a book with lots of fun in it
written by a woman! It is a popular
superstition that the fair sex are deficient
in a sense of humor, but this volume by
Kate Masterson will go far to prove Its
falsity. Readers of the New York Suuday
Sun have enjoyed for many moons the
DobUy sketches, "which are now gathered
into book form. There are none who nave
read them once but will be glad to see
them placed in a less perishable form
than the columns of a newspaper. The
new and old will both unite in relishing
the general undyspeptic way in which an
unconventional young couple view and en
joy life. (Published by G. W. Dlllingham
Company, New York. Price $1 23.)
Tho Little Dreamer's Adverjture
In "The Little Dreamer's Adventure"
Frank Samuel Child has continued in a
measure his interesting story of "The
House With Sixty Closets." The same
tnildren and the same closets that ligurel
in that fascinating Christmas story are
with us again in an equally droll and
charming New Year's tale. Instead of
"Table of Contents" we read "Order of
Fun," and a most wonderful succession
of fun it is. The children meet and agree
to make a calendar. They call a meeting
of the days, and Anna Domino sits* In tho
chair. It is a large meeting of peculiar
days, taking the whole range from New
Year's day to Christmas day. But tha
story contains much more than mere fun.
There runs a deeper meaning through it
all. appearing in many happy touches.
(Published by Lee & Shepard, Boston.
Price $125.) ~' : - ;r
Republicans at Philadelphia.
Official proceedings of the Republican
National Convention at Philadelphia have
been "published in book form by the sec
retary in accord with directions of the
convention. The work contains full re
ports of the speeches of the occasion and
all other proceedings. It Is Illustrated
with numerous portraits of distinguished
men who were numbers of the conven
tion, as well as of the nominees. (Cople3
can be obtained from Charles W. Johnson,
Minneapolis, secretary of the convention.
Price 11 s>0.) -
Twelve Great Artists.
A book for lovers of art has Just been
published In "William Howe Downes'
"Twelve Great Artists." ¦ Mr. Downes is
the uble art»critic of the Boston Tran
script. His papers are on "A Day With
Hals," "Rembrandt at Home," "Rubens,"
"Fortuny." "Daublgny," "Fellcien Rops,"
"Boutet de Monvel," "Wlnslow Homer,"
"St. Gaudens' Shaw Monument," "George
Inness" Landscapes." "John La Farge"
and "John Sargent's Portraits." These
papers have seen the light of day before
in a great number of his newspaper arti
cles, from which the author has culled all
that Is the best and then edited and re
arranged to make the present book. These
essays express Mr. Downes' own personal
preferences and sympathies, and coming
from so well known a critic they cannot
fall to bear weight. (Published by Little
Brown & Co., Boston. Price 51.)
A Christmas Sern)on.
Charles Scrlbrer's Sons have Just pub
lished In attractive form Robert Louis
Stevenson's "A Christmas Sermon." The
price of the book Is 50 cents. The binding
and typographical work are well in keep
ing with the noble sentiment of ...is fam
ous essay and the volume should prove a
happy selection for dainty Christmas
gifts. It is Stevenson's well-known work
in which appears that Ideal passage of
modern literature, familiar to San Fran
ciscans as the Inscription on his monu
ment in the public plaza opposite the Hall
of Justice:
; "To be honest, to be kind— to earn a lit
tle and to spend a little less, to make upon
the whole a family happier for his pres
ence, to renounce when that shall be neo
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
BOOK REVIEW
AND LITERARY CHAT
A DAUGHTER OF THE SOIL
Copyright, 1900, by Dodge Publishing Company
: One -of- jilatf Staikling fflMstrationns^
: From^THe ; California QiriCal- |
• ; ei|af^v by Mary Davison, : ."Waal. I hain't even middling Ben
h:.vin' one of . my worst ' spells. They
tho't I'd die before mcrnin' night before
last." v .
"Thet so?" Sim asked listlessly. Al- .
mira had. been dying before morning fofc
so many years. * • v i 1 ; >
"l'aas." *he drawled. "I was all choked
U" an' dretful pains an" chilis! an' the
Lord knows what: I Jest toused an-J*
toused. ; I know now j. m nigh my' end.
'Twon't'be long before I'm laid away, an'
I^dunno as anybody'll he sorry. Seth,
now, he don't realize how near death's
door I be."
"Waal, then. I suppose my errant's'use
less. I come over to See ir mother could
n't come an* pass a spell f with .ye— —"* •
"Lordamassy." shrieked Almira with 4
surprising vigor for. one who was at
death's door, "be ye crazy, Sim? The
Idee!. -With my feeble health."
"Waal," replied Simeon with a certain
grim sense of humor, "be ye . so ; feeble ¦¦'
ye wnn't come over for Thanksgiv
!tn' dinner? Hetty. told. roe to ask ye. I'm
a-goin' to kill the old got—"
"We'll be there," said Almira. "An"
about your mother. I can't for the life
of me see why ye don't take her down the
ravine road. Taln't as if she would bo
misused. .The «old . folks to the county'
house are well lak-.i cicre of. An* then/
Hetty could have more time for her
church doln's. To my notion, her talent
nadn't ought to be laid ud in no napkin.
Last time. I. was to evv.nin'.- meetin' an"
heard Hetty exhort, I declare it jest mado
my blood run cold.' Seems to me that
thar .. hain't' no comparison between her
an* the elder. The elder's well enough,
but land! Hetty beats, him all holler." ,.
"She's hefty on prayer.too." suggested '
he r husband with laudable pride. /v
"Yaas."" drawled Almira. -."but her
strong holt is a exhortin' sinners. She
could lay 'em all out on thaL"
When Simeon h's kitchen triat
evening. It was singularly quiet.;,Every
thing was In order, 'floor, swept, tins* glls-*
tenlnjr._ supper table _ spread, but: Hetty
was not bustling round. . She had gone to
a neighboring farm house to make' a call/.
and tn "consequence the house was un
usually still.- The only sound that dis
turbed the quiet was a thiu cracked voice
that floated from "mother's" room; the
old lady was singing to herself:''-:/^/ .'¦:>.'
I'm -EOlng home
... : •
No_ more to ream.
I'm colnc home to-morrow. . -
Simeon stood listening in a. dull, dazed
sort of a way. He had not heard his
mother sing _for : years.' And rfs the'
quavering voice sang on:
,"j /Xo more to roam. ' •"
Someiway-'hls thoughts went back to hta
childhood, and to the hour when shj
rocked him asleep with this very old
hymn/." Suddenly the thought of what he
was "about" to~ do flashed into his" mind,
and he turned. ghastly white, and- great
drops of perspiration: started' .rora hi» "
brow.. .Hejturjied j toJgx3rTtP_theL.caxn^rth(» L
cattle^-anywhere. away from t at , tremu
lous voice; but his hea\-y boots betrayed *
h!m. t The voice suddenly ceasea, azid th«
little llady came to the door of her room
and called out:
"Who's thar? O, Simmy, Is that you?"
"Yes," he answered awkwardly. "Whar
Is Hetty?"
"Gone over to Plummer's to set a spell."
said the old . lady, as she slowly crossed
the kitchen and came to her sod's side.
"Simmy, I don't never have r -nance fur
ter visit ye^ an' there's one er two thing*
I'd like fust rate to say ter ye. my son,"
she said timidly. 1
"Waal," he answered hti3kilv "what I3
itr*
She hesitated a minute, then laid her
thin, wrinkled hand— the hand that had
tolled for him— upon * his' arm.
"Ye've ben awful good ter me. Simmy,
fer many a year— you an*. Hetty. Hetty's
bustlin' an' sharp sometimes, mebbe, but
she means weli/an" then Hett. 's so pJoua
an* God , fearin'. Waal, what I wanted
ter-say— was..I_kaow_itihaint pleasant
havin' old folks around allus; but, Simmy,
ye* won't have to bear nucd lesser wltlx
"Wall, wall." h*> answered, testily. "Ye
needn't snep rny head off. I didn't s'pose
for one minute — no. not for one second—
ye'd do It. but I allowed TC ask ye jest
to satisfy Hetty. She wants you folks to
come over for Thanksgivin' dinner. I'm
a {join" to kill the old sobbler."
•'All right, we'll come." was the reply.
Simeon drove on a f:-x miles further to
hi3 brother Seth's fcrm. where he de
scended from his wapon and entered a
most disreputable looking kitchen. The
stove was broken, the pipe was on the
point of falling, the table was set with
cracked and broken dishes. A child of
about 12 was frying some greasy pork,
and by the Btove, with her head tied up
In a tattered woolen shawl, sat a fade^U
toothless, wrinkled woman— his s!ster-£~.,
law. Almira. . '
"How are ye, Almiry?"
"Fair to mlddlln'." he answered. "Het
ty's got the tantrums ag'in'bout mother,
an" I ihousht I'd hitch up an' drive over
an* see if ye wouldn't take her for a
spc!L"
An ugly look enme Into Maitily's face.
"Wall. I'm dumb beat." she said: "here I
be with s!x squall-n' -/oung ones an' work
in? like a nigper. an' you want to hist
mother on to me into the bargain. No.
sir: you hain't chick nor child and your
farm's paid for. Ye can't come no sich
game on me."
It wn.s a fcriaht. k?pn X<Tt-pmbcr morn-*
ing. The maples were shaktnK down their
last stray leavcsy-r<a'e chests of their
former radiant beauty. The golden rod 1
•was fadinjj. the rich scarlet of the sumach
turninp to brown. E%'erythinK pointed to
the funeral of nature. Hut the poor
dwarfed vision cf the plodding farmer
saw no material fcr refic-etlon. S'meon
was only a human machine that had been
kept In whirring motion for year? by the
Indefatigable Ir.flupnce of his wife. He
realized, however, that he was about to
00 an unmanly deed, but he, had sunk so
low in qpathy that there was no help for
him. He jorped along: the highway until
he reached Jonah Perkins' farm. Another
hideous red farmhouse, another preat
yawn!rg barn ar.d a fac-s!m!le of his own
Furroundinf* were before him. A faded,
slatternly woman appeared at the kitchen
door.
"How arc ye. Mandy?" be called to his
sister.
"How are ye. Sim," she answered:
"how's the folks r*
A day nr two later, by command of hfs
Fpou?e. Simeon Bearrfsley set out to v'sit
his FMer. Amanda Porki^s. and his s'stfr
lr.-!aw Alr/.ira and talk over the disposal
of his" mother's future.
When Sister Ecardsley sat down a chor
us of prcans ro^e from all corners of the
church — groans both of warnirg to sinners
and of admiration for her outburst of e!o
quorce.
water to cooi your tongue, fnen ye'll think
of this here night, an' of all the means of
prace ye've scoffed at. all the invitations
of the Spirit ye've scorned. But it won't
be no use then— r.o end— no hope — only
agony an' groans an' fire an" serpents
writhin' an' twlstin" round ye. I can see
ye. thar. sufferin', moanln' an' a yellin' to
all eternity."
In litr church ilr«. Beardsley was a star
el the txrat magnitude. She could pray
Ion£«T sad louder than any other sister.
£ne had, moreover, a peculiar devotional
sr.uiHe. indicative of much religious zeal.
As bu e^horter she vrsis without rivalry.
Her word pictures of everlasting punlsa
toent, her descriptions of the lake that
buixcth with fire and brimstone, posstssed
& vltfdcess of detail seldom found. To
night the wan especially felicitous, and all
agrted that Sister Beardsley bad outdone
all previous efforts.
"Why don't ye turn?" ehe thundered,
**frcm the path to hell? Fly, fly from toe
wrath— from damnation that's fast comin*
toward ye. Oh. when ye're burnin* an'
wTithin' in torment, when ye're scorchin*
an' Elzzlln* an* pleadln' for one drop of
ever the household. So but little was said,
.vs aeon «i±i the meal vm finished and
tht tapper diijhes were disposed of Mr*,
liearcsley arrayed herself to attend the
cevotic-imJ exercise-, lor which her soul
hungered, and Simeon received orders to
trir.g up the horse and buggy.
THEY hain't no more reason That I
thould be postered to death with th*
old woman than Mar.dy cr feth's
wife, an* I hain't a groin' to stand It
no longer." Mrs. Beardsley shut her thin
lips with a x-icious snap as sh.' rose to stir
up the Uscsfta for tea. while her husband
CSootttHy set his old hat on his head an<3
wont to the barn to fodder the st^ek.
It was ar. eld and vexed argument be
tween the two. For years Mrs. Heardsley
had assumed the care of the infirm moth
er cf her husband It had been a sore
burden to her. More than or.re she had
revolted and demanded that the responsi
bility should be lifted to the shoulders
cf some other member of the farai'y. but
her husband had smoothed matters over
by saying that "Mother can't stan*-! it
much loneer. and then you'll be free."
But mother had "stood it" many y«Mr«.
end although feeble, showed no signs of
speedy dissolution, and this November
evening Mrs. Beardsley had returned to
the charge with renewed vigor.
"If Handy cr Scth's wife won't have
fcer. ye've jest got to take her down the
ravine read." she siiid emphatically. "I'm
Jest that sick of flavin' and drudgin* I
don't take one mite of comfort. "
"I shan't never take mottu-r down the
ravine road." rejoined her husband de
cidedly.
"Wall. Simeon, ye'll do suthin'. and that
mighty sudden. Ye'll do suthin' before
Thankygivin'. I wen't hev no more fool
in*. Ye can go an' tee Handy and Almira
an' see what they'll do."
Htr husband heard no more, for he
barped the Jcor behind him ar.d went hur
riedly to the ugly big red barn that stood
Just across the highway from the ugly big
red farmhouse.
An Irresolute, w^ak creature, he had al
ways been dominated by the strong will
cf his bustling, snapping wife. He real
ized his weakness, and at times tried to
assert himself, but somehow he grew faint
and sick whenever she turned her pierc
ing black eyes upon him. and was fain
to make a sudden excuse io leave her
preser.ee. He was absolutely terrified new
as he took his way to the barnyard, where
a group of mild-eyed csttle patiently wait
ed his appearance. Terrified at the re
mersbrar.ee cf his wife's face when he
said positively that he would not take hia
old mother down the ravine road; tcrrl-
Jk-d at the consciousness that this strong
willed woman would succeed in carryta^
cut her j-.ar.e.
"She'll make me do It." he said to him
self. T« tech a dumb fouri I'll do it in
the end Jest as she tays. I'll go an" see
Mar.dy, an' s:.e won't have mother. Then
I'll go an' ece Beth'* wife «in' she'll whine
out of it. an' then I'll come home"— he
¦topped and locked tearfully around to see
If Ly any unholy frt-a.k ol chunce Mrs.
Beardsley had followed and wa» listens 3
to Ha audacious words— "an' that thur u.11-
Cred, tormenttd shs-de vil will make me
strwJ n:y pocr o;U mother to the cousty
boust."
For the ravin*, road led to that dread of
the poverty stricken— the almshouse. In
lt,cal parlance. "Dowu the ravine rocd"
stocc! for all the unknown terrors of a
place everj- honest, hard-working person
¦tains as he ralght the plague.
"Simeon:" came a. voice like a. trumpet
blast from the farm house.
~Yes'xa, what Eay'm? I'm comln'," the
miserable rr.an summered.
"Supper." returned the voice, "an" 1
don't »a.r.i no dasimn* neither. I want
to fiit Kjy diihe* v.*shcd eo's to 50 Uuwn
to prayer iceeUi.;'. 1 fciin't no notion of
l>ein' jewed cut of prayer meetin tbia
week aa 1 we.* iitst."
When Simeon entered the great kitchen
the plate of Lircuits stood smoking hot
before his place, end a cloud of fragrant
inctr.se rose trc/11 the- MCTlriS teapot. Hi*
wi^e s£.t grimly waiting; with her arms
folded, and a little fra.il. white-faced old
lady stole from a.n adjoining roum and
clipped deprecaUr-sly itto her mcail
It Vp i.s cut a pleasant meal. Both Simeon
and fc:s mother ctood In abject terror of
the Efcary-ft- lured virago who presided
Copyright. Tupper Syndicate.
As Bub Richardson drove down the ra
vine road the next morning with a frail,
frightened little old lady, trembling with
grief and shame, at his r!de. he was met
by the stalwart stranger driving the finest
team to be procured at the village livery
stable.
"Hands up!" yelled the stranger, cover
ing the constable with a bright shining re
volver. The constable threw up his
hands, while the little old lady sank back
half fainting with terror.
"Now, don't you be 'frald of nothin*.
Grandma Beardsley." said the stranger,
as he l*ft his carriage and came to the
Sheriff's buggy. "I'm gcln' to take Jest th«
best care In the world of y^u. I hain't for
gotten the punkin' plea you used 1 to make
when I was a boy. You remember Jimmy
Bend, the worst boy In the country. You
wouldn't know nie? No one would. I got
back here yesterday from out West. X
come home to see my old mother an' spend
Thanksgivin' with her an' cheer her up.
But I found niy mother had gone to
heaven lor.s since. Now you hain't got
no son. I bear, an' I hain't got no mother.
I'm a lcokln' for a mother to adopt. You
come alone with me an" I'll show you how
a bad man can treat you. F"or I'm a bad
man. but I'll be good to you."
He lifted the little old lady from th«
buggy and carried her to his own. She
ciuncr . to him like a child, whispering:
"Don't let him take me to the poorhctise.*'
"You're safe now; no one shall touch
you." answered her protector.
He drove back to the village hotel. The
Eteps and street were Ur.ec! with peopla
• :.'. •
"It's a — shame." said-Levt Jrown, the
village hote!-keeper. to the crowd in tha
barroom, the ni^ht before Thanksgiving.
"What's a shame?" asked John B>
"Why. that miserable llttl? slrcn* Sim
Beardsley is pcin* to send his old mother
down t'-ie ravine road to-morrow nomine.
Bub Richardson was just a-tellin* me he'd
erot to take her an' he don't like the 30b
for a cent, but lein' constable he's got to
do it."
"He'.!'" came a heavy voice. The croup
turned antl looked at the stranger. Thero
Tvas a picturesque blr about him. He wore
his broad-brimmed sleuthed hat well on
one ear. the like of nij corduroy jacket
had never been seen in the neighborhood,
nor that of the antelope-skin vest, nor th»'
cluster diamond pin blazing from a rakish
shirt.
He ad\-anced heavily. "Do yru mean to
say." he demanded fiercely, "that you're
men and are a-goin* to set by an" see seen
a piece cf Iniquity carried out?"
"Waal," drawled Tom Chapman. "It
hain't our business. What can we do?"
"Do?" thundered the bier stranger. "do?
Waal ye might tar and feather sech a
son. In the country out where I cams
from — out in the Rocky Mountains — decent
men shoot a cuss what'd so back on his
old mother like that. I wouldn't think
nothln' of brainin' sech a lo down onery
dog."
The brawny fellow was magnificent la
his wrath. He towered over the others.
Indignation blazing from his eyes. "I'll
do suthin'." he announced, "an' whoever
Interferes with me can jest reckon with
this."* and from bla h!p pocket hi
slowly drew a superb silver-mounted re
volver and gently caressed it as be laid,
it across his knee.
me. I feel I «han*t stay many m«f
months. Suthin' tells tee r~» a-goin' sooa
—I'm a-goln' home — no more to roans — I'm
a-roin r home to-morrow"— but ho heard
no more. Trembling and shaking as with
an ague, he broke from t~at thin, knotted
o!d hand, and rushed like a madman to
the barn to battle with himself.
"I won't do It!" he groaned to himself.
But eyen as he said !t. Hetty's face, rigid
with determination, rose before him and
he knew he would do It.
• THE SUNDAY CALL.
who had turned out to see what awful
deed the man with the gun proposed to
do. He alighted, and. lifting the little old
lady out very gently, save her his arm
with a bow of awkward courtesy. Then,
leading her up the steps, he said to the
gaping- landlord: "Let me make you ac
quainted with my adopted mother. Mr.
Brown. We will eat our Thanksgivin' din
ner with, you to-day."
13
DOWN THE RAVINE ROADWHO is the most unfortunate girl
ln San Francisco?
It's not a difficult question to
answer. Misfortune is not
bounded by mere poverty. There are oth
er things that go to make life's burden
heavier to bear.
Imagine a girl, young and beautiful,
vrith a disposition so sunny that not even
poverty could cast a shadow on it She
went to her daily work at the candy fac
tory with a emile on her lips. She came
borne at n:g"htfall and the humbl» little
cottage of her parents rang with her mer
ry laurhtcr.
Of courre. she had a sweetheart. And
Borne day ¦when his little pile of savings
grew she was going to flit away to a mod
est little home of her own. In the mean
time they made the most »>f the little
pleasures they could snatch at — a ride to
tie park or a jaunt across the bay on
tlielr "day off." She was as merry as a
cricket and as busy as the proverbial
She knew that Fhe was pretty, for her
little mirror flaunted the fact to her face
every time It caught her peeping. Her
sweetheart ¦wasn't the only lad who was
attracted by those merry blue eyc« with
their Jet-black fringes. Hut her eyes were
rot her pole beauty. Her complexion wa>
£8 creamy and pink as a wild rose, and
her lips as scarlet as the holly. Long.
thick brown hair, flecked with a glint of
the gold, fell below her waist. Just twisted
ln a braid snd falling loose again.
Tlxen one day, not a month ago. this
winsome girl of teventeen met with the
•cdfient that Fhut out the gladness and
the sunshine from, her young lif<?. She
vu |fusy "dipping" chocolates, when
wfelr!" tbe bis belt, gTeedy for its prey.
caught her by the hair and whirled her
round and round, dropping her bleeding
and unconscious to the • floor, her scalp
v.ith tho gold^brown hair torn from her
head.
Is not this genuine misfortune? Laura
I^arribert. the girl across whose path this
awful shadow has fallen, will not have it
that she Is the most unfortunate girl ln
San Francisco.
"1 am the most fortunate and the most
unfortunate girl in the city." she says.
Which is the unsophistociited. girlish
prose of the poet's kinship of Joy and
sorrow. Laura Lambert can appreciate
joy by contrast to her sorrows. From
the busy, sunshiny world they carried her
into the narrow confines of the sick room.
Her beauty is despoiled for a time at
least. Her glorious hair is gone for good.
She can neither walk nor lie down, but
for three months more must sit ln an
upright position.
Yet Fhe says she is es fortunate as she
is unfortunate. "I was lucky to escape
<ieath." she says. At seventeen life is
very sweet and she accepts her bruised
young life gratefully.
Of a truth. Laura Lambert has a great
many things to be thankful for.
Dr. Winslow Anderson of St. Winifred's
Hospital positively promises her a new
scalp. It may never put forth a growth
of hair, but it -will be a good, whole :;calp
whose baldness a wig will rasily cover.
I^aura Lambert has the buoyancy of youth
and will become reconciled to this loss
of her hair.
She can stand the sharp pains that rack
her poor, tortured head, for she has
found the richest of blessings — tried and
true friends. They come to see her every
Laura Lambert— Most Unfortunate Girl.
Why the Most Unfortunate Girl in San
Francisco Should Be Thankful.
flay, thev br'ng her fruits and flowers and
books to re«d They tell her of the latest
play they have seen or of some funny
incident in their dally routine. They # try
to arrange it si/that s"ome one will always
be with her to keep her thoughts in happy
STooves. .
But it is by a severer test than these at
tentions that Laura Lambert has probed
through inenci! h.p's outer coatlnir. ln the
new scalp which sc.ente a giving : her
there are 'required £x,J p.eces of live hu
man skin, ranging In size from ha if of a
' p»:a to a haif inch. The skin must come
irom ycur.g. healthy girls in order to in
sure a healthy scalp.
Now. how main- ciris are there who
could tinti enough friends who were will
ing to "sacr.nLt ti.eir skin." Yet every
one of the i'wo pieces and more too have
been ohereu to Laura ¦ Lambert. ¦
'Ihe gins in the candy stole where she*
workni all offered to make the sacrifice,
lt'fe not pleasant having a yiece ot your
skin cut <.fT. even thougn it be. from a part
of the body where the scars will never
show. But tne "candy" gins i.d not tn.iiK
of that. They wore < ageriy willing to suf
fer any ttxnpoiary pain that would bring
back health and sunshine to Laura Lam
bert.
Over a thousand pieces of skin have al
readv been grafted on her head, and in
another three months the untlie new scalp
will have been entirely grafted. But tn«« ;
.scalp was lifted clear to the eyebrows and
these also must be supplied. Her nweei
heart offered his, tut Dr. Anderson pre
fers to get eyebrows from girls if possi
ble. It isn't necessary for any one girl
to sacrifice her eyebrows. Tiny graftings
from various ones will be used.- If the
hair should grow out In different colors
it can easily be stained one hue.
Surely iiPie ave eocd reasons why Laura
Lambert fhould be thankful, even in this
the hour of her misfortune..
But there is y*»t another cause for little
thrills of happiness putting the palntul
tortures to rout. . . •
Her sweetheart is as steadfast in his
devotion as In the days when she was the
prettiest wlrl in the candy store. Even
• before he knew that science could so skill
fully cover up the scars of her accident,
ho stoutly affirmed his loyalty .and de
'clared he loved her for her good Heart and
not her good looks. But his lbve will
not be put to such ji severe test as he
imagined at first. Laura Lambert, except
ifor baldness, will probably not be In the
j least disfigured.
And so this brave young girl, who for
/three months sitting bolt upright- must
I daily endure operations. Is slowly regain
"lng the light-hearted cheerfulness that
once was hers. "Because." says Laura
-Lambert, "though I'm unfortunate. I
.have bo much to be thankful for."
What the Most Fortunate Girl of Pur
City Has to Be Grateful For.
WHO is the most' fortunate girl in ,
San Francisco?
It's not an easy question to an
swer, for happiness is an elusive
quantity that cannot be reckoned by any
standard— not even that of dollars and
cents. It has delicate shades and grades,
that defy rule and line.
But by all the lore of sace and rynic
Elizabeth Huntlr.gton takes front rank in
the Hit of fortunate maiden*. Jf s-he Is
not the mest fortunate gill in S«;n Fran
cisco, she is unquestionably one of the
n*.ost blessed.
'iheie a:e two »ither s'sters in the Hunt-
Ir.gton lamily who might be toncedtd' of
equal rank. Ho.vever, society g r:s. when
questioned on the subject. inss t on crown-
Ing Miss Elizabeth as fortune's lavorit?.
Why? Well, just because! Whkh is a
good woman's reason, and clear as fog to
the mln»I masculine. But theie is always
a kernel of w sJOm in wonia.i's IcgtCJ anu
they have their reasons for placing Eliza
beth Huntlnktcn as the most toriu. ate.
True, the asters have equal woa th. 'out —
and here's the but — they don't care for the
pleasures it buys, and Elizabeth does. So
tlure you have their reasons in a nut
shell. For what's the good, they argue,
of Clara and Marian Huntlngion's mil
lions when tbey don't care for the luxu
ries of great wealth.
Happiness, says the philosopher. Is the
ability to do without that for which your
heart (raves. The nst of the wor'd spells
happiness d.fferently— it :s the ablity to
satisfy your dearest wishes, say tbe
worldiyiti's. Certainly there Is not a
worldly wish within the boundaries of
posslbl lty that Elizabeth Huntinston can
not gratify.
If her : father's wealth were dividpd.
share and share alike, on the famiiy. Miss
Elizabeth would be heiress to a modest
sum, estimated on the sunny side of the
J6.0OO.C00 mark. Mary Crocker, now Mrs.
Harrison, has a fortune of about $3,900,000,
which was the high-water mark for local
heiresses. But when Collls P. Huntlngton
died and left the bulk of his solden
treasure to his nephew, the Huntington
girls came to the front as the wealthiest
heiresses in our midst.
Elizabeth Huntington has a great many v
things to be thankful for besides dia
monds and dividends.
She has youth and the enthusiasm that
does not forsake one when the shadowi
of life" grow long. .
She has full share of the gifts that fall
to human lot. She Is not a great beauty,
but has a charm of her own. Her figure
Is slight, though not to angularity, and
her face has the length which denotes
keenness; it Is long from brow to chin,
with none of the attributes of a scold.
.Her eyes say. "I can feel," and her mouth
says. "I can be firm."
She has the tare faculty of making gen
uine friends — those who love her for her
true-gra.ned human worth. She has the
rarer faculty of knowing how to hold
them. Her friends are not numerous, but
they are worth the making and the keep-
Ing. "To have a few friends, and these
wunout capitulation," might well be her
motto.
Of course she has dozens and dozens of
pleasant acquaintances aw well as these
soui-to-soul friends. She is fond of so
ciety ami Its primrose pleasures — the
grand bails, the formal dinners and re
ceptions, the gay cotillons, the delightful
luncheons and teas. She likes it all— the
mao. merry whirl tha; sweeps the favored
tew alone its flower-scented paths, scarce
ly giving them time to get a whiff of any
ere particular exotic.
She is fend cf entertaining, unlille her
sisters, but as .yet has not had an
opportunity to show her San Francisco
friends whit a charming and lavish host
»s=s she can fce. Since her debut one thing
or another bus interfered with her enter
taining as she would like to and as her
beautiful homo permits. Owing to the re
cent death of her uncle it will probably be
some months before youth and pleasure
can hold high carnival In the Huntington
household.
There is not a honeyed pleasure of life
that she canrot afford to taste and she
chooses. Aladdin's Lamp and the Wish
ing Ring would be of little use to her. The
"dulces" of life are already at her beck
and call.
She likes beautiful things to wear and
has exquisite gowns, hats end all the
other fluffs and frills that po to make my
ladv's wardrobe. When she sees soine
thins that takes her fancy she does not
have to ask that irritating "how much?"
When a girl has a comfy little fortune of
«lx million and over she can afford to be
extravagant. But she is always dressed
in perfect taste, having that inborn sense
of the. niceties and proprieties of dress
that can neither be acquired nor thrust
upon one.
She is fond of music and has heard ali
the operas from Bayreuth to Coveat Gar
den, from the Metropolitan to the Granl
Opera-house. She herself is a musician
of no mean ability.
She has traveled far and wide and seen,
many of the wonders of the world. She is
a fluent linguist and can thus break down
the barriers that divide foreigners and get
close to thpir manner of thought ant! life.
She •» in nowise a nomad, ever restlessly
on the wing. It is not that she lovei
travel less, but that she loves home mor»-.
She has a warm, ready sympathy for
these los? fortunate than herself, an^!,
moreover, the wherewithal to allevtai*
suffering. She has brought sunshine Into
many a desolate life, but in an unosten
tatious manmr that screened it from tha
praise of the public. Thank??ivlng will be
something mure than a hollow name to
many a poor soul, thanks to her gen
erosity.
Surely here Is a girl who«e eoblet of
good fortune is full to overflowing. But
there are other things which the Princecj
Fortunatus is thankful for. The Hunting
ton household is an exceptionally happy
one. Discords never creep throush tha
cracks and quarrels must roost elsewhere
The tastes of the three Huntington sisters
are not ju.st alike, but they harmonize and
go to make an Ideal heme. Marian, tha
youngest daughter, who had not yet maila
her debut, is more like her oldest slater.
Clara, than is Elizabeth. Clara has trieJ
society and found it wanting, and Marian
has already made up her mind that it
will not be satisfying.
But merry, happy, care free Elizabeth,
likes everything that ia good, and can find
th^ good that Kirk? in everything.
But finest trait of all. Elizabeth Hunt
ington Is a girl who could meet fortune's
frowns as well as her smiles. Perhaps of
all the good things she ha3 to be thankful
for. this is the best.
Elizabeth hjuntington— Most Fortunate Girl
There was a little Incident at last year's
game that ought to piove to the sourest
;.)Otball cynic that the game does not
deaden all kindliness. "When the dust of
a tcrimmaee was cleared away, po.jr
plucky Murphy lay helpless on the
ground.
The doctors ran up from the side lines.
A Stanford co-ed who until then had *at
proudly erect with a pa.ir of opera glasses
glued to her eyes, eagerly, oreatnlessly
wMehing every movement of the unequal
game, let her glass crash uni.teded into
i-plinters. A hundred people, attracted by
the. sound, turned and looked at the girl.
Siie was still, dry-eyed, but with trem
bling, lips watched two substitutes carry
the prottsting Murphy to the side lines.
"They're engaged." floated the whispt-r
as more heads turned in the direction of
\ a! ha! rial— Callforoia!— U. C, Berkeley— Zip! Bcorr>! Ah!"
(Posed by University of Ca.lfornla Co-Ed. 1900.)
the beautiful girl, whose face rose dead
white out of the gay cardinal ribbons that
fluttered so gayTy in the flush of hop«
when they were pinned on ln the morning.
Then it was that the good sulrlt showcl
through all the tierce partisanship. From
blue and gold, sincere as from the cardin
als, came husky cheers for "Ones" Mur
phy, ijoud and long, friends and rivals
gave him three times three and a dozen,
tigers.
Then the rooters on Loth sides gave al!
eyes to the game. For an injury, after
all. is- only Incidental. But the co-ec'a
who waved the blue and gold and those
¦who fluttered the cardinal kept one moth
erly eye on poor Murphy, even while vital
plays were determining the game.
For not even football can smother a
co-ed's womanly sympathies.
'Rah! Rah! Rah!— Rah! Rah! Rah!— F^ah! Rah! Rah! —
Staoford!"
(Posed by o Co-Ed of 1901. Leland Stanford Jr. Unlva-stty )
jT IC these davs Thanksgiving wouldn't
b* Thanksgiving without the inter
]J collegiate football game. And fect
ball wouldn't be football without
the co-eds.
""They're about as necessary .to the
Came as a meringue is to a dinner," say
the scoffers. Tut, tut! little beys <for
these discontents are always "Freshies").
The upper classmen, graduates, and foot
ball enthusiasts know that the feminine
element gives something more than color
to the scene.
The co-eds haven't the double-barreled
lung power to augment the moter?, but
their very presence is an Inspiration to
the players to do their football best. It'.-»
the desire to please some co-ed that has
sent many a ball over 'he goal. ,
There may be girls who think football
"unladylike" and ignore it. But they're
not college girls. The co-ed is as enthu
siastic over the game as her football
hanged brother. For weeks before the
big game the college girls worry more
over the outcome of the game than they
do over a thesis, or the new gown they're
going to don for THE occasion.
They attend the practice games, take
lotrs of the caliber of the various teams,
and discuss the ultimate success of their
college, with all the concentrated inter-
Tha sororities or" girls' "frats" usually
go in a body. In Berkeley there Is fre
quently a luncheon at the "frat" houses
and then the girls come over. to the city
in plenty of time to get their seats on the
bleachers, and add to the preliminary
thrills that precede the game. . ;
On Thanksgiving day the co-ed goes to
the game in twos, quartets, or with hor
frat sisters. Not many of them, go with
their college brothers, for on that day of
days the men prefer to be unhampered
by a restraining feminine Influence. They
want to sit with the rooters; they want
to jump the side lines when me game is
over and help carry their triumphant or
defeated team: they want to drown their
sorrow or express their Joy ln the brim
ming cup. And if they take a girl tj
the game they can't very well do the~u
things. . . . ' v
The college girls don't mind this deser
tion a bit. They can sympathize with th2
¦men because they'd like to do some, of
these things themselves. So they cheer
fully go unattended by their college
brothers. ' ¦ -
Co-ed nature is very much the same
thia college around. Stanford
has all the brands of * co-eds that
ijo to give a feminine tang to college lite'.
The Sianford co-ed, third person, plura:
•number, is perhaps a bit more intricately
acquainted with the rules and regulations
of football than her equally enthusiastic
Berkeley sister. The Stanford firtrls <tll
»live within sound of the practice games,
while many Berkeley co-eds have to run
to catch a boat instead of watching the
daily practice. , ¦ .
"I guess not," laughco the co-ed. "Th-j
Ncvadans haven't any twenty-tive yards
to spare: they'll n«-ed them all before this
ijamu's over." And Nevada did.
"Why, the twtnty-nve.- yards."
"Won't he give them back if tney
ask him?" timidly naked the football nov
ice. glancing shyly at tho wise co-ed.
S "\\ hat?" demanded Bess.
showed how wide is the dividing: line be
tween an outsider and a co-ed when It
comes to arfairs football.
She r.as just a fluffy bit of feminine
daintiness in a brown gown with a splash
of pink at the throat and she'd never
been to ft football game before. She was
j befng slowly crushed by the elbowing
crowd when suddenly a pair of broad- .
shouldered friends rescued her, and
wcoged rfer to the s?atsv vvnen* a Berke
!ev co-ed awaited her.
The. Girl lir Brown squeezed into her
seat and with a little sigh said, "I'm so
sorry, ikss. that I'm laic; I wanted so
reach toupee the same, but I didn't know
. U,\\uu!d be over so soon. Which v;on?"
"Thpy haven't begun yet." explained
lic.SS.
"Haven't begun? Why, what are all
t!;- fi raians of victory about then?"
'•Pr«-Jh;:iri'ry lung warming," and the.
cc-r<l p:i»e i i,r uninitiated maiden a con
clejscentiiiiK nod of superiority that
brorglit the qu^ek p'n'i into her cheeks.
' L'Cr's, herself;! v,as as re-J a—as-sonn 1 
th;ng that's \rry good for salad and very
bat! for digest liln! Sr.e Was tall and cren
< j :a f;v molded and looked very much
as Ihi ugh she had hetn pn;re<i into the
blue sown that so snugly swathed hep*
curves Berkeley hills "had hardened her
muscles. Berkeley breczi.s had tannejl
¦her cheeks and the .university had taugiu
her the alpha and omega of football— In
addition to some knowledge and a keen
appreciation of the niceties of neck K-ar—
the lmll mark of college girls. By their
collars ye ,>hsll know them!
There was a pause before the storm,
and then li broke in a tornado of hoarse
yells anJ handc!:ipy!:;g3. Kleven bare
lscniJiii. * tousled. besweatered young
men ctinie ; tumbling on the gridiron and i
the bleachers exploded In one ir.ichty I
roar. The echoes of that blast of sjuiid j
were still reverberating In the distant
sky when eleven more tousled men.
sagebrush Nevadans, jumped the side j
i 1'.;h . agik' as young colts. The visiting
piuytisi were given a cheer that threat- :
encd lo trplit the.' heavens. Came iiie !
tfovin1.iT a sharp wh s"e,and then a thud J
Uial seerueu to 'strike the.- now s.leru
crowd ' smart in the face, and the ball
¦went sailing through the a'r.
It fell full into the hands of a vlgllai.i !
! half-Lack. Up 'started forward, surrjuad- i
<d by nervy comrade, and when he \va.« j
'iluntr to the gcuuud with a wriggliny. !
pounding rnob on toy of him, the whoio |
undulating wave of dancing color broke i
into one Impulsive r^ar. But whether It j
v.'sis in glpe or indignation, in protect or i
| .ipprotatioii, tho Girl in Brown could not i
I ileterminc. The Berkeley co-ed was rnur- j
' muiing: "Good ta;kit, Billy, but-th? j
liuffcr stole- twonty-flvc yards, ju3t the'
same." \
So up and shout for California.
I r> and rhout for California,
t.'ulck and sfon~. Ion! and Ion::.
California. Rah:
Or go .down to Stanlord. if you don't
believe that co-eds care about football.
\ ou 11 find them on the bleachers, am 1
r.elping the rooter?, and between lecture*
hopefully predicting how that 32-0 score
Is going to be wiped out this vear by th--
Cardinals.
It is very easy to pick out the co-eds at
Ihe Thanksgiving game. Jf a »rfrl is won
dering whether her hat Is on straight,
you may know she's not a college girl.
.There may be a few, the sort who go -o
college because it's tho thing to do. who
regard football meroiv as a chance to
christen a new tailor-made. They are
thoroughly familiar with the game." hav
ing numbered several football heroes
among their •¦steadies," which is the col
lege argot for "admirers." To them the
Knuiron :s simply a charming picture m
a setting of smiling friends out for ?.
pleasant holiom-. with much blare and
loot to liven things.
But there are not many co-eds niched In
this groove. There are few girl3 with so
little of the combative college spirit that
they cannot get warm'y argumentative
arc! excited over football.
Go over to Berke:ey any day and you'll
finci the girls braving freckles on the
bleachers just to encourage the boy?. Aid
you'll hear them Join in the new song-,
the rootci3 are tuning up en for the great
day.
We'll up and shcut for California,
T'r> and sh nit for California.
Njw's the t'me to raise our txm'g
Ami help our football boys along.
The Stanford -girls have to come up to
. cl £}* ln tne morning in order to be on
time. The sororities go in a body to lunch
eon at some hotel. The Kappa Kappa
Gammas can always be found at the Pal
,ace grill discussing the game from soin
to dessert. .
est tr>nt a «rirl usually bestows only on
h r r spring 1 bonnet.
But to the co-ed, football Is all-absorb
hiR. Other cirls m»y have brothers or
"somebody else's" brother at college and.
manage to take a seooml hand, warmed
ever enthusiasm to Uie camp. But the
co-ed Just bubbles over with Ihe genuine
blown-in-the-botlle enthusiasm. In the
first place *ho ta!»cs a partisan Interest
In it; Fh< wsnts to r-ee the eclors of her
altra mater »loat over the gridiron: she
Is fiercely^ Irttaijsely; clamorously anxious
thnt her team shall win.
If there's a Sii'ifrrd rr University ot
Calif' mla gill missing from th° ble r. 'h
crs Tliaiik.'-givlrig day there's some cast
iron good rtason for nipt absence; She'.-: •
ihe most dixappornteU, Ircms^latilc siil
;he other piOe of the jirWiroii— un'.ll she
crabs an 'Vxtra" and reads that her
college has wen. And not even victory
can take the frts? 'off » e-i-ed's grief who
hap been forced U> mists the game.
The college girls learn to like nolso.
The louoT Ihc r icters yell, the swwter
the music to their ours. Tney # love it all:
the bleachers, a rr.a-<s of gaping m-m'ns
from which come ear splitting . sounis
that pierce the v«ry clouds; the bollow
ine brasses of the musicians that lenl
soorlly share to the mad uproar; the.
blaring horns that do their screechy best;
frantically gesticulating arms that^wayei
the blue and gold or cardinal; a' sea of
noi?e and motion and color.
. This year, even more than heretofore, -
the c^-eds are taking a vital interest in
the game. The bleachers at Berke
le" and Stanford have been plentifully
sprinkled with them during the practice
games. It was at the Berkeley-Nevada
game the other day that a little novice
THE SUNDAY CALL.
14
FOOTBALL AND THE CO-EDSKrcm him gc back to the types of other
seasons. Take "Pete"' Kaaraberfr at Cal
ifornia, who struggled three long years
on the second eleven before gaining recog
nition. AUhough strons: as a panther
with his 173 pounds of lithe muscles. wlU
tns anJ cc-'sclentious, he was constantly
oreTshadoVal by greater players, such
as Ea.iaorae and Hall. He knew ha had
no chance for varsity honors: he slmpiy
fcjsht for his college as a "sub" on taa
cui!pus.rr:d!rcn. But at last he mad- the
team and leisred for two years as th«
greatest Western fullback.
All of th's. however, dres cot ir.dlcats
that Gregory is yet a great player— far
from It! because not being a possibility
thia year. !.e i.ccessarlly does not recelvo
rruch :iUnnikjn from the coach and must
bida hi? tiar-e for Instruction.
"Vnmc cn. my sports." fc» yells. to tho
varsity. "We are right after you. You
cz.i\'t gain. We are too good"— all In a
Jolly. b.» Tin- ring tone which braces the sec
ond ;«nd jj-ets the varsity on Its mettle.
Take Gregory this year at. Stanford-
He can bowl over any can on the Un»
cf trc big team; he can smarh a play,
toss a 1G0 pound quarterback off In the
air tec feet with ease: even make It a des
perate task for Fullback Slaker to gain
two yards over him. and besides, he can
P'lf his spirit Into th#» whole sub-eleven.
lie can't make the big team, but he cart
have fun and he can he!p out In practice
with his ten companions.
poring: many years of football training
at Stanf rd and California some of ths
strongest and most spirited men of the
wliolt? squad have been on the second
eleven. Vniess they were strong they
would rever be chosen. Unles3 they were
spirited th-ey would never volunteer.
The second eleven man must feel th«
fame Joy that the> American boy feels la
running up against another fellow and
trying his mettle. More than that, hemusc
feel away down deep the satisfaction of
doing a whole lot for his university la
furnishing the big eleven practice. So
the men of this class are picked because
they are strong- and tig and willing. They
are assigned to the second team because
trey lack some qualif.caticn— either of
standard In study or skill in play, which
br.rs tr.cm from varsity honors.
Furthermore, he has the "second eleven
»pirlt." It is not altogether the spirit of
the varsity squad. Mixed with all their
love of sport and their love of alma mater
is a certain amount of personal vanity
and the hope of Individual glory. Thero
Is very little individual glory in prospect
for the "dog."
gain. In tMs he Is flanked by a halt
dozen other linesmen and backs— al! as
willing as Gregory, but not so strong— for
he stands as the triant.
TO THS
SECOND
ELEVEN
CO/HE TFfE
*«SD
KNOCKS
BUT NO.
' GLORY-
Japan, which first proved the valor and
<LUctsUne of the illkadu'a forces, ternJ-
F ratlins er.gased in v.ars of the
Of.rst magr.itude I>ance has been
both a gainer ax.d a loser in the
matter of indemnities. Having by
the treaty cf Prc-sburg In 1S05 mulcted
Austria of 5S.000.C90 and CS.000 equare
miles of territory, she was in ISM
compelled to satisfy t. • allied powers by
a. monetary compensation of $ 140 .000 .0 0
end to Eu!Ter the partition cf the greator
part cf her color.ia! possessions, ae roll ns
the severe contraction of her European
boundaries. Again, in 1S70. after her war
•with Germany . she wa ; enabled to display
her marvelous financial resources by the
tpeedy payment cf the nuge sum of J1.250.-
CCO.OuO, in addition to the loss o. 565S square
miles of territory, n vrhich were included
ecv<«ral important Ftratesic points on her
era frontier.
At s rccult of a. similar trial cf strength
with Prussia. Austria. !n IKS, was com
relleil to pay JCO.CCl.OOi). less half that
cracur.t for the involuntary cession of sev
eral Important Ouchies. that were to be
Incorporated ir.to a new German confed
eration, in which Austria was to hold no
position cr Influence. As the price of de
feat In l:er war with Russia, la !ST8. Tur
key cgreed to pay ?r00.O00.000 # in ir.stali
caenis. to r«*re<5e the province of Besssara
b'.a- of which Russia liad been deprived
tt the termination of the Crimean war,
£T.d to har.<5 over to the conqueror a large
territory in the Caucasus. In addition she
was also compelled »o recognize the lnde
rendencc or semf-in^ependence of several
Ha'kan states, find incidentallj'. by way
cf comrn's-sion for their good offices ct the
congrets cf Br-rlln. to present England
v.ith Cyprus and Austria, with Rosn!a and
llcrrgovina. In 1?S7. nowever. Turkey
forced Greece to pay a war indemnity of
$17,€00.000. and to submit to a readjust
ment cf the frontier in the victor'* favor.
The peiia!t:cs that South American
countries ha\-e exacted from one another
In the century are too numerous to men
tion E"*pa.ratelr. but chief among them
was the case of Chile end Peru In 1SS3. by
which the latter country lost the valuable
province of Tarapaca. was practically
looted from end to end and would proba
bly have been irretrievably ruined but for
the protecting arm cf the United States.
Th« recent war between China and
Corning to the war indemnities obtained
by the United States, excluding her pcacs
treaties with England. In the two cases
where euch have been exacted, unlike the
!>revious Instances, she not only re
linquished a financial penalty, but paid
over to the vanquished nations sums of
money as compensation for enforced ctr*-
Rion of territory that remained In dispute
or unconquered. These territorial indem
nities, however, were In both cases heavy.
in that of Mexico amounting In all to over
1,240.000 square miles', certainly the larg
est territorial indemnity of tlmcn;
and In the case of Spain 143.000 equa«
miles, representing Porto Rico. Guam anJ
the Philippines.— M. G. \V. tn'New York
Evening Post.
nated in a bitter disappointment for the
victor, through the action of tho power*
hi refusing her a foothold on the conti
nent of Asia. Still, as the xevlsed treaty
of Shimonoseki yielded to Japan $16,000.
000 and 10,000 square mil«« of new pos
sessions In the islands of Formosa and
the Pescadores, it will be seen that she
was rot robbed entirely of the fruits ot
victory.
THE MEN
WHO' HAVE
ACTED AS
HUMAN
TACKLING
BAGS WITH
NO HOPE
OF VARSITY
FOR THIS
SEASON,
SUCH A
ONE IS
GREGORY,
Gams and Losses of Nations in War
WHEN two well-fed, well-trained
a:;d weH-gTocrr.ed teams trot in
upon the gridiron Thanksgiving
day you-will admire their per-
feet confiiUcn. Renicaiber that St Is large-
ly due to the fact that they have for long
weeks te<?n tried upon the dog. Ar.d have
a tteesbt Jcr the dog u;>on which they
were tried.
He is a voluntary dog. H- offers him-
#elf to be battered. He offers to be •
broken eleven noees. twenty-two legs, as
many arms ar.d physiologists only know
how macr ribs. No matter of what value
Om resistance is to the training team, he
will pain none but reflected glory. He is
only the second eleven.
Of the men who make up these second
eleven, year after year. Gregory cf Stan-
tozi Isthe perfect type. He is the strong
man ci ct:r »\ esrern ir.tercoJ!<?elate fame.
„ . . ... . . , 6 "T
He weighs 2y pounds m a bath ng suit
.....-,, . " T ¦
er.d ebcut 2±J wbtn harnessed up In the
KTMlror, armor. His name is Gregory-
)nt P!a:n Oregory-becau.e he is only a ¦
Crr«hm.n, which mams that he matricu-
lated within the sandstone walls of Stan-
ford crjy two rr.cr.ths ago and hasn't vet
*air.ed a pet earmark of a nickname' to
t-gregate him from the common run cf
bosky £rst year dasfi&en. But everybody
k.-.owg Gregory, anyway, because he
fairly makes things hum in the practice
tames when his 213 pounds of flesh ar.d
bone and muscle crash against the apex
cf the varsity's attack.
The young giant's prowess will not be
fe'.t on the Thanksgiving day gridiron for
the reason that he has the simple word
"special" affixed to his name on the col-
kge registration sheet. This, as is known
to those familiar with the lore of Inter-
collegiate agreement. Indicates that his
limited standing bars him trom partici-
fallen la Stanford-Califorria athletic
contests until a sen-.ester has passed and
ke has gained ten hours cf university
crecit cr patched up deSeiencies in e»-
trance work.
So Gregory must remain vrfamed on
the second eleven during this white he«u
cf the football season it Stanford, stand
Ir.g as a pillar cf Etrength to be battered
by the varsity. He will rtln recogr.Itioa
but rot glory, some experience but no
teucfcSown records to be har.ded down to
posterity.
Gregory as yet has no college person-
allty because he is a freshrsan—and b«--
Ing a "special" has=n"t made touchdown*
aga!nst -California. Bui Gregory is a typ*?.
and a fine type at that, first, of tht stron,
of college football, secondly, of th^
eubmerged hero of college life—the mai.
cn the second eleven.
Half ot tne rame cf football is ski!! a'i-i
the other half brute strer.pth. Sornep'a.
ers pos£ess a great deai of the .alter an.;
become valuable i;.-.e«T.en or straight
pIunS;ng backs. Some players have .,
fclgh dtgree of thfe flm named qua;il>#
g. Jcn meQ bvconie quarterbacks.
halfbarks or eRd<5. Added to elther qua,_
Jtv must be uelve fort. € And shecr grlt
You , n g,ard stan<,_ a hundred vards
away ,rom lhe bru:, t jj . -^
lhe rf o fieM . than {he
a _via of brute etren,th Um ork-^.
. . .. „ . .
though all line charging Is not physical
. , ,,, ; „ «- ,
force, skill cutting no 3inaU figure In wha:
. , ,~ ,, . .
t0 th^ !a>'m f n °fte" **tmS*U a Smash ?'
T'l t^ ""T' *™iteme ™
°f the,, blg **f *\ , ,° '
v!ew ' the crossing of l!ie goal ilne by ***
Slde or the oth"-w CTCSt observers keeps
deta!1 fn the background,
But stand an tvenln» or so on lne *™
1!nf^s ot lhe eridIron ot California or
Stanford: walk behind the coaches as the
varsIty plows down the field against the
second eleven to the eminent satisfaction
ct the coach or is "topped short in iu
rushes to his utter disgust. Sit close
er- 0USn t0 £meI1 the swe"1 soaked mtj
canvaa and i««*y; to hear the slew r€g
ular pant ot twenty-two breaths, and the
crunch of bod-v against body as a back
!s hurled at a iven s P°t "whcn desperate
resistance is there. Follow thes*> thins-:
tllen ler *rn the fact that the men opposite
the varsity are human tackling ba«;s v.ith
littJe CT no h °Pc of varsity honoxs thij
year "nd you appreciate two intcresuns
ra atiers > about college tootbali which pcr
ha Ps vou havcn'» remarked from your
panoramic viewpoint at the Thanksgiving
da >' Eanse
of a11 the second players In both uni
versities Gregory Is the perfect type. Thi3
is wh >':
First of all he Is playing football for
pure fun. It Is the fun of opposing his
head and powerful shoulders to the on
ccrning rushers with all his force and
strength to try to spilt them without a.
Giant Gregory
Strong
Man of
College
World
Rev. William F. Mallalieu. Methodist
Episcopal Bishop of Massachusetts, re
cently delivered an address hi the coursa
of which he said that he hoped his hear
ers would not read such books as "David
Harum," which "reeked of rum. profan
ity and tobacco."
210 p.cUnd Grant
cF Stanford's
£$C©n=* £T$Ver>
ToSS^S a 'BO
pcUrp'QUsr-^K
back ©?F *n *h€
9$y Tori Fs3t
'Without •¦SPPort,
found one quite as comfortable as arv
other. Indeed, a well- favored tx»ar. cov
ered with a good layer of fat and a thick
coat of fur. may be said to carry his bed
about with him. and any part of his skin
will serve either for mattress or coverlet.
as occasion ari«es. Nevertheless, th*
bear, when sound asleep, tends to curl
himself up. with his nose anJ paws In
ward, and this Is probably the attltuda
* bich in cold climates be adopts when hi-*
txrnatlng in his den during th» vlat«r
erason.
"Kangaroos also appear to be quite In
different as to the position of their bodies
during sleep. Any sunny afternoon at
the zoological gardens you may see them
jprawllng on the straw In all Imaginable
attitudes. The enly things they seem to
•lemand In order to be perfectly comfort
able are reasonable warndth and plenty of
elbow room."— Pearson's Magazine. &$£*
Dr. Louis Rob!nsor. tells us how various
r.nlmals sleep. 'The chimpanzee, rs far
as I have been able to ascertain." says tho
writer, "never sleeps upon its back. Its
favorite position being on its side, with
one arm under Us head. In this respect
It resembles children from 4 to 10 years
of age. The only gorilla which I havo
had an opportunity of observing also
apparently preferred this attitude, but oc
casionally seemed to sleep comfortably la
a crouching position, with Its head bowed
down between Its knees. This latter atti
tude appears to b« the one adopted by
nearly all the lower monkeys.
"When turned out at pasture all horses
except those which are crippled by dis
ease or Injury Me down at night with
tbelr legs folded beneath their bodies.
Borne of the short-limbed and tblck
jotnted animals, such as the elephant, hip
popotamus and rhinoceros, find a dlfBculty
In bending their legs under them after th>
manner of their more slender kindred.
Hence they sleep upon their sides. In a
pig-like attitude.
"Bears, as far as I have been able to
observe, have no characteristic sleeplns
attitude, for you see * them lying In all
rcrts of grotesque positions, a* If they
The Way Different
Animate Take
Their Sleep.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Chnr'.ey Fickcrt. captain of tha winning
Stanford v.-ir: ity of 1SC<, was !n 1333 only
a guard or. the second eleven— used be
cause he was as strong- as Hercules and
as willing a* Hermes. But dory comes
with sticktoitivene?s In this rough old
gridiron sport. The strong man with spirit
may b.» only a second team man one year
—a battered and forgotten "sub"; the
rext he may be a star in Thanksgiving
day'3 constellation.
15will omy be months, perhaps weeks; and
then,\ Zella — and then! I am. in the
seventh :v heaven : at the thought of it.
Then, daar, we are to be married?"
"Yes^" she said, her nead upon his
shoulder, his arm about her waist. "But
I would rather you , had " stayed and
waited.", i j .-, ¦
"Then/let it be so.' - I'll give the whole
business ;up. I can, surely; ma"ke money
enough in some other, way. Storey won't
mind. \ He Hikes me well enough 'to be
obliging.^ Indeed, it -is Mr. Dexter who
hurried on»the enterprise. \I wish I had
never 5 told him I was brought up as a
mining engineer." . - a
"It. would seem cowardly to give It up,
Ned: and I>couldn't ; -endure :to have you
break your - word i and y. hurt i your pros
pects for my sake. Besides." as you say,
it* is only, the necessary sacrifice ' to our
never. being parted again." ¦¦¦¦
This new phase of Zella's temperament
pulled more at Ned's heartstrings than
her- most fascinating ¦' mood could- have
done. She fairly languished In his arms,
looked Into his eyes with a' ; pathetic wist
f ulness - which he had . never ¦ seen > In her
face before. ,; Every hint at defiance, so.
familiar there, had disappeared. Her lips,
self, '.'and, I should have foresworn the
enterprise altogether." .
" , ' ¦ '/ " . CHAPTER X^II.
TWO TYRANTS— PAUSIOX AND
.•-'¦" :':%-•-; - MONEY.
The days .were long to Zella in Glover's
absence. - She : found it difficult to main
tain her customary appearance of high
spirits: v Her, friends at Parkside lost no
opportunity of .endeavoring to soften her
loneliness...* *_• The - Increased solici
tude .for her welfare that characterized
Dexter's treatment *of her was embar
rassing. She caught him gazing at her
when, he thought she could not see him.
Now- and then she felt his glance as if
it had masked an Insult. She tried to
shake this off as a morbid sensitiveness
Moreover, Dexter had greatly changed.
It had been more or less a sudden change
though, seeing him every day, she had
not noticed It ma others had who saw him
only now and then. He no longer held hla
head high. There was a furtive shuffle in
his gait, as if he had some enterprise on
hand 'that demanded stealthlnesa. For a
time he had neglected . his dress, but.
She Left bjim Starring by
the bcor.
and above it. "To Introduce my der«r
friend, Joseph Williams of Chicago."
"Call there. If you've time. Except your
self, he is the only fr.end I have In the
world!" -, .
"Kxcept Hiram Dexter," said Williams,*
almost sneerlngly.
"Oh! Damn Dexter!- Let him sli<le Just
now." said Glover. "You'll like Lorrlm« r;
he'll like you. Tell him all about me; he
will be delighted to hear that my bark
has floated happily, and is already calling
into port." ,
"\\ tth the loveliest helmswoman thiit
ever steered a man on to the rocks or in
to the most blessed of harbors. I'll tell
him." .. _ .;..-•
"Say I have been Kolng to write to him
*»ver so often; but had so much to' Fay,
I have not had the pluck to settle down to
"I'll tell him what a scoundrel you are 
how you get drunk; how nobody iikes
you; Storey says you can't write worth a
cent; hov you art-, in nhrrt. just the kind
of fellow' we Americans love. Tru=t me
I'll do you justice. God bles.s you. old fcl
lor.-! Good-by — I mean 'au revoir * "
It was "good-by." nevertheless.
CHAPTEIt.-XVI.
"GOOD-EY. SWEETHEART."
"I want 3'oulo do me a favor. Mrs.
p Hagan. said Ned Glover on the morn
ing of his departure for Platts Valley
"Pwhat is it? But. no matter phwat it
is, tratc it as done. M!.ther Glover "
"J don't want you to let mv room to
any one else." > • "
"Thin I won't; not even to the President
himself. 'fi**-' - " ¦•'
"You see. I shall carry little more than
a mining prospector's outfit. I am goinn
to work as well as write. You don't think
writing is work, do you. Mrs. O'Hagan?"
"The hardest work Is oftenmost In the
radin' of it," she said, with a genial smile
"But I know pwhat ye mane."
"I -would like to think I am leaving
home behind at Parkside; that my bits of
tnlnps— my trunk, my books, most of my
wardrobe, my photos on the walls and
my knlcknacks on the table— will remain
here Just as they are now. I- shall dream
of the room, see myself sitting by the
window where I can get a glimpse of the
lake, and fancy myself listening for the
voice of Zella and chatting with you in
your little parlor. You understand, Mm.
OHaganr • .
"1 would be a pore eraythur If I didn't;
and ye may be shure I'll kape the room
for ye and rispict lvverything In it."
"I would pay you, of course, as if I were
occupying the place."
"That's pwhat ye mane, is It? Ye ask
' t ' •
are a good deal av a fooK le challenge
me to be a mother to our Zella "'white
ye're aw;*\ v.hin I've been that -same
since the first minnlt me ould eyes lighted
on her! But phwat can a man under
stand av the feelins ay a woman? Sa$
no more; 1 forgive ye; and, if it's to die
lor Zellu ye ask me, I .would' be- willin'.
As for the chamber sacred to vcr prisincti,
Misther Glover, excepting, to; clane » ana
dust It, ye'll find It as ye l'ave It. whin ye
come tack."
"My dear Mrs. O'Hagan, have whatever,
opinion of my head may please you," but
1 assure you my heart - Is , In the right
place; and that both head and heart will
never forget to remember your kindness."
"Ye need say no more, Misther. Glover.
Good-by, and God bless and preserve y*,
the saints ministher to ye, the -.blessed
angels watch over ye!" >'¦ -ilt ' ¦
Glover put his arms round the deaf old ;•'
woman and kissed her heartily on bolhv
cheeks. .. .>¦ '
"God bless you, Bridget!" he said.
"You are the best little woman in the
world." . ., . . ¦'.¦• ¦¦¦
"There's wan below n» was only a girl j,
yesterday," said Mrs. O'Hagan, the -tears?
streaming down her face, -"but who's a.
the warmth of a genuine girlish passion.
At first . his attentions merely flattered
her. ¦:¦¦ She enjoyed breaking a controversial
lance with him,; meeting his declarations
of love with witty .rejoinders, surprising
him with new accomplishments, exhibit
ing her dexterity in arts supposed to be
masculine, but at the same time never
forgetting to relieve her physical feats of.
skill with touches of feminine grace that
made her all the more fascinating to her
captive. With . all > her • claims to be a
woman of practical common sense, and
her. aversion to mere sentiment.- she was
a coquette, as every woman Is in the
presence of an Interesting specimen of the
opposite sex: She knew, by Instinct, that
men dislike what are r called masculine
women, yet admire- a fine physique and
capacity in sports ' and - pastimes that re
quire dexterity vand * strength, when
coupled with a pretty, pretense of womanly
doubt' and ; tearfulness; a show of.
pretty hats and ribbons, ¦ and well-consid
ered .toiletteB. ¦ Even ¦-.-• the' esthete, . who
loves, to- hear i a girl. "quote Carlyle and
Herbert Spencer, and talk i psychology,
,does .not object : to a ; pretty ¦ pose : at : . golf
or 'tennis. Zella's-unlque'r experience had
in many. respects made her a, woman of
Synopsis. - *
ZELLA EHl'NXES. a member of the Chi- j
cago Women's Athletic Club and type- s
writer to Hiram Derter. , miUiqnalre, is <
!nsy!tc<l on her way home by a rufflan'.y i
miner. Abncr Digses. Ned Glover, an English- <
man and «Tit<»r fcr the Dally Mall. Interferes. <
r>!E-pes draws a knife and luripes at Glover, j
but ij= knocked down by a blow from Zella. |
Jo<? ¦Williams, a detective, arrests DIg£?s. but j
\\\f case Is <*.isTniwe<1 with a lleSit sentence. {
T">iRCes fvetrs venireance on Glover. Amos
Ftore;\ propriet<V *I5<5 editor of the Daily 1
Mail, is a j>cr5onal friend of Hiram Dfxter.
5'orcy Fends Glnver to pet an article on tlie I
life of t!ie mnUoomlre. Dexter takes a fancy )
to t>V your.e man and rropopes to elve him an •
that be is l!v:ns above his mean*, and upon
mentinnins th° latter to Stnrey Is advised to .
take a rooni :it a crwiln bcardlng-hous*. which
turns out to h<? the same one where Zella Hrun- i
n-n lives. Hr their meets the Kirl who saved
li'.s life *nd WbotB he ha? t=oufrlit for in vain. <
Jt if s case of lnvo at first sight. Hiram Dex- •
ter's Eocd feeiing !«>r Glover chances to hat»
wbea be finO? t?:at the young man le virtually
th» accented Icwr of ZMIa: for the millionaire.
In Fjiit-'or his arr. wishes to moke her his wife.
Clover ac!~ept« a mining interest from DeX
ttr tvhich Oil] take him to Colorado for several
months. He bope* to make a fortune and then
return to marry the willinc Zella. Dexter,
however, has made an arrangement tvith
I>ijrcrs by wlii<h he intend* to have Glover
k:3Jcd as soon as he reaches the mines.
Copyright. 1500. by Joseph 'Hat con,
CHAPTER XV— Continued.
JTT was distinctly undprstood that N>d
I v>i;s; £o:ng out to make money. That
k thene might be no m'stake about his
realization of a certain sum. 'to b<-gln
with Dexter indorsed to him two classes
of certain share}- In one of the two mines
that were already L»?in^ worked at a big
profit; and. furthermore, as his agent In
the prospecting and Investigation of the
country beyond Plaits Vallf-y. Platts
Ridge and Wind Man's Drift, he placed to
his credit at Chit ago and Carson City
quite a connid^rable sum. Joe Williams
taid. anyhov.-, ;he oid man had not forgot
ten how to be generous.
"You're a lucky brp^ar." WMllams paid
to Glover; "too dariu-d lucky! Such luck
can't last; it's unnatural. Watch It: be
vary; don't let It make you reckless."
"'It won't, old chap," said Nod.
"lxiok at Dexter. The injbcdiment of
luck, made of money, and until the other
day tho happiett. cheeriest sinner going;
ctracked his money about, offered you a
cocktail before you had well crotsPd his
threshold, pood for every spree going;
r.ow a dodd<>rlnp. livery, bilious scrap of
anatomy, y«_-llow as a Java oranprft and
shriveled as a j>earut! And all within a
month, four weeks: ftversty-eieht davs!
By Rosh: it's enough to make the bright
est cf us she a thought ta his future."
"It i^: ii bf. Jr*<V pain Ned. who looked
the very acme of happiness and prosper
ity, in his neat frock coat and gray trou
sers, a Sower -in his buttonhole, that had
been pinned there by Zella herself. \
"Gutss u fttms only last night since we .
first m*t?"
"Vet it's over three months," Ned re
plied.
"So !ong as that!" *
"A pood deal has occurred since then, to
Le pure." said {CedJ with a cheerfui smile.
"Everything, s-o far as vou are eon
•cerned. Ned. Ana to think that those two
*¦>?£ i hat .'unshed on you under the lamp
In Elate Etreet were your twin sturs of for-
IVl.-:"
"Always poetic. Joe."
"Sweets to the sweet. I rarely try my
•prost- ar.d worse' on any other fellow; i
sti« k to the same old victim."
"Look upon me "as the dog, eh? Well,
1 never discourage you. Joe."
"Never. You are thr- kindest of audi
ences, the most considerate of critics.
. . . See here, Ned: 1 wonder if you
have ever thought— that— er— No; by
eosh! 1 guess 1 won't worry you. . . .
When do you make tracks?"
"Karly next weeli."
'•Denver. Carson Citv. I'latts Valley and
—what's the other camp?"
"Blind Man's Drift."
"I I'm! Jiiir.d Mans Drift? . . . They
Ftumbled on the stuff accidentally, eh?
Is that it?"
"I don't know.""
"Hope there'll be none of the blind man
about you. Ned.. . . Dor« It ever occur
to you tha: — Hut of course everything
has occurred to you. Y«.u have thought
the whole bostaess out. You're no durned
foci; though wIkm a f» How's deep in love
he teiieraiiy don't think of anything else.
. . . But"—
"Hut what?"
"Wt-II. confound it, 1 must ask you—
hasn't it ever occurred to you that old
Lvxter has some secret reason of his own
for getting you out of the way?"
"Sccjtt rtasun?"
"In your cpiimistlc dream is there no
shadow of any ollwr fellow who might be
in lore with Miss Erunnen?"
"1 don't know what you mean."
"Hiram Dexter, for instance?"
"Hiram Dexter," *a!d Ned with a pa
tient If protesting shr-jg of the shoulders,
"claims to icke fatherly Interest in her
anC in the matter of age might be her
grandfather. My dear Joe, what are you
talking abcut?"
"No fool bo great ae an old fool,. where
a wox&ZB is concerned.. If I were a psy
chologist, which I am not. or one cf those
philosophic coves who look into motives
and passion* with a sort of Roetgen-ray
apparatus. 1 .should discover, in a sciTi
tif.c, if ronr.d-about way. that Dexter is
pufTering from love-melaacholyj that may
develop ali kinds of -strange and morbid
possibilities. Of course, you are resolveJ
to go and fetch that fortune he has spread
out for you yonder?"
"Quite."
"If he had wanted to endow you ho
could 'have done it and have kept you m
Chicago: but he Is jealous of you; he
loves Zella Brunnen with the tnfatuatioi.
of despair: «nd what I want you to do 1*
to caution the young lady, with all the
emphasis you can command, against any
thirg he may say or do or propose, thit
may be in the least not in accordance
with her position, as his secretary and
your aflianccd wife."
"My dear old chap, you must be mao
Don't you remember that I had not seen
Miss Drunr.en nhen he took, a* he con
fessed, a r.reat fancy to me? 1 went to
interview him fir the Mail, and the end
or it was that lit- straightaway made a
tentative proposal to me in connection
with his new mines, and susgested that
{Storey should send me out to write the
country uj) — " • . .-»¦ ¦"'
¦"No, I don't forget. And I quite re
member that he had talked to you most
of the time about his typewriter Rtri, ar-*.
the evolution cf the American youi.v
woman. And. confound and damn it,
jr.an. do you forget the excited confession
l-.e made to you and Storey about her?
"Why, I remember you telling roc your
self about it. Are you blind?"
"Yes. to the situation you have conjured
up. In the first place. Dexter has made
over to me shares that I could sell In Chi
cago to-day. In the next place. Miss
Urunner is essentially one of the | finest
examples you could adduce of your self
reliant American girl. She had * been in
Dexter'e service a year or more before I
carne to Chlcasro. If he had been fool
enough to imagine that he loved her he
would have. been fool enough to tell her
pf it lor.g ago when he might have tempt
ed her with his money, his houses, his
lands. Ills mines, his ships."
"If he had proposed tn her and she had
TfTused him, as. of course, she would, a
girl of her type Is not going to tie' her
eeif up to a mummy, swaddled: however
thick in gold and ime linen; but it was
life to him. my dear blockhead, to have
ncur him her young, fresh face, to hear
I* her voice anc to . exercise his fatherly
privileges." c Jl • ;^r-t;. . - .-..
"Wd!- and now?"
"You !.-ive come in his way, and. you
have won the privilege he_ would, pawn
his soul for: you have entered Into an
engagement to take her away from him;
ycu aie about to pluck the flower that is,
to him. the black or blue .or golden. tulip,
whichever It was thnt the. Hollanders
¦went niad about, for which men sold their
estates and women - their honor. . If . he
might not possess it .wholly: he -at .least
would have hadthe girl's companionship.
His one great hope is crushed by you
tor the present, at any rate, but he win
rovive-lt bv your removal to a dletance;
and once you are fairly, out of reach who
knows what arts he may noruse to dis
credit you, t<x blacken your character,, to
hint about t?e infirmity, you .were . fool
*SF&& te^d hl Ter f -xn?;elr/ ; said " Ned:
"and my record, bar that, is clear, aiifl
honestas her own. She is to be my wife;
woidd take me now as I am; but 1 have
the world.' This feminine appreciation of
man's. natural bondage and his worship
of the petticoat had come, to her by In
stinct, and had given to- her intercourse
with Ned Glover, what the Americans call
snap": which has a parallel in the cool,
inspiriting lake breeze, that Is a welcome
temporizer of the Chicago summer.
On this last day of Ned's sojourn at
ParkEide,..however, Zella found it almost
Impossible to maintain a fair semblance
of her characteristic sangfrojd. She was
heartily grieved to lose the pleasant com
panionship of the young Englishman; and
he found himself in' the complimentary
position of console*.
"I could not Jiave believed anything
couln make me feel so wretched," she
confessed. "I wish you were not going,
dear."
"Then, I won't go," he said, "I won't
go." ' i
..A'P ut you are Pledged," she answered.
Of course, you have to go; and I must
brace up and cheer you."
"It is only to be a preface to the story
of our happiness.". he said. "In this life
one gets nothing worth having without
sacri « c es for it. It will seem
centuries ere I see you agui:;, thou&h it
woman now. Ye'll find her in my par
lor; and. If ivver there was an angel on
airth, it's Zella Brunnen."
"Dr. Johnson said that a good woman
is Nature's understudy for an angel. Mrs.
O'Hagan; and I think I know two under
studies, the one who will twang the harp
of Erin round the throne, and the
other — " „•¦¦*
"Now, ye're tryin' to laugh at us," she
said, interrupting him, "but I see the
tears in yer eyes, and a man's tears is
peaTls av price; but they break me heart,
Good-by. sorr! Saint Mary be yer guide;
and the Mediator yer swate comfort and
reliance!" . • <¦¦*¦-¦
She kissed both his hands and turned
away. He huried downstairs to the litlta
parlor. Mrs.' O'Hagan t?i>* into the
farthest corner of her own- chamber to
weep and to pray for han, with a strange,,
weird conviction tY»* she would never see
him again.
On the other. hand. Zella was of an
optimistic disposition, full of hope and
bravery. Touched keenly at parting with
her lover, she never doubted for one mo
ment fhat it was but the prelude to a
v«>jy happy reunion. Almost in spite oC.
3.t.i5.:iL sfce, Jtid come to love J\cti .witn
sworn to myself* not to run the risk of
giving her a penniless husband."
"That's all right. Ned. I'm glad we me*.
I am just off to New York, and probably
sail next week for England; an Interesting
case, with ramifications East, West anu
in London. However little you may think
of my warnings, you will not forget them.
Old Dexter liked you awfully, as you
would say, 'awfully, deal boy,' until you
liked Zella Brunnen just as awfully; and
when you went to live at.Parltslde he just
hated you awfully, dear fellow. Well,
good-by. good luck!" • ¦
"The same to you.' dear friend. Don't
thii.k me ungrateful."
"Th*-re is nothing so ungrateful as the
egotism ot a young man in love, but that
is not a charge I make against you. If
Miss Brunnen need* a friend in your ab
sence, she can count on Joe Williams,
chief of the secret service of Chicago."
"Who Is leaving America," said Glover,
with a sigh.
"Only for the space of eight-and-twenty
days."
"One word more. Joe." said Ned. taking
out a notebook and writing hurriedly the
address of Richard Lorrimer (Straker,
L«ve & Ixirrimer), Bedford row, W. C,
a favor, but decline to take it widout pay
ment! Thin ye can carry all yer sticks
away wid ye. Misther Glover," said Mrs.
O'Hagan, her arms akimbo, her forehead
puckered with a frown.
"But, my dear soul, it is your business
to let your rooms."
"Oh: I'm jest nawthin' buta boardln'
housc kaper? .' I've got no fcelin" beyant
the rintin" av piy rooms? That s pwhat
ye mane, MJsther Glover? An' me havin
forgiven ye yer * low" -birth, -yer feaxon
blood? But I'm rightly served for thrust
in' to the chance that ye had a n«rt.
Go yer ways, Misther Glover; and me and
ZellVll go ours." - -
"Mv dear Mrs. O'Hagan! Come, come;
vou are not treating me fairly. Aou real
ly are noJ. I have the very greatest-re
spect for you-I may say aftection-and
.vou treat me as if I were a brute. 1 mean
no offense. You shall do just what;you
like. If vou desire that I shall be undej
an obligation to you about the room
whieh II a grain of sand compared with
The obligation I impose f upon my-eir.in
iu=kine vou to be a mother to ni> juen&
white I am away, why, 1 am your most
humble servant." rI ... ...
"For a clever man. Misther Glcner. je
' "I must say 'Good-by* to the women
and the others," said Ned. looking round.
&s if they were by his side. "And that's
Old Glencoe's voice I hear. Once more,
dear; God bless you! Good-by!"
Having embraced her for the last time
he' sped to the door, opened it and let in
the company.*
"Mr. Glbver." .said Glencoe. "on behalf
of Mistress O'Hagan's paying guests I
ask- you to put this wee souvenir In your
pocket; and we wish you godspeed, mon,
and all prosperity!"
He thrust into Ned f 3 hand a heavy cigar
case, mounted in silver and engraved with
his name and the date, and also with the
dear old Scotch formula, "For Auld Lang
Syne!"
"I: thank you. Mr. Glencoe. and your
friends and mine, for your most kind and.
I - fear, ill-deserved token of your good
will. I. shall prize It dearly."
"Cude-by, Mr. Glover," said Mrs. Fer
guson, putting out her hand, "and a hap
py return!"
"Which is my own wish; and so say we
all." sa'a the bartender's widow.
The Henator from Kentucky gave his
hand, with a patronizing but friendly air;
and now the cook thrust her way to the
front, with. her blessing and a bird pie
that he was to enjoy on the cars. The
waitress shook his hand warmly, and Mrs.
O'Hagan claimed the last- touch of him.
Then there was a crack of the express
man's whip, followed • by a malediction
from Mrs. O'Hajrnn — "Divle take ye. for
a 'baggage-smashing spalpane! Ye've
knocked the hasp aff the box." With the
"Hoo-rooh!" of Mickey from the stables
hard by, and the barking of his dog. the
daring retort of the expressman. "Ye'd
be a hard hasp to break. Mistress O'Ha
gan!" the wagon rattled over the uneven
roadway, followed on the sidewalk by Ned
Glover, who was glad when he" came to
the turning that took him to the car
track, where he paused a moment to wave
a handkerchief in response to the last
kindly , tokens of farewell exhibited on
the stoop of th° Parkside boarding house.
"A little more of it," he said to him-
that closed so easily, were open, with an
appealing smile— a sunbeam througn
showers. Her upturned face was the face
of a Miranda, rather than that of a Diana.
Her light brown hair was pushed in a
wavy mass from her forehead, witn lit
tle, clinging, down-like curls about her
temples and neck. One hand lay in his
lap, limp and passive, and the entire fig
ure suggested a sad resignation.
"Dearest," he said presently, "I never
felt until now that I have In truth won
you, that you are mitre with all your
heart; and shall I hesitate, at this mo
ment of my great happiness, to make the
sacrifice It demands from an honest man?
Shall I throw up the opportunity to make
you a home and endow It worthily? To
give you the chance of travel, that you
have so much' desired; and, let me add,
selfishly, to give myself the bliss of be
ing- your traveling companion to Europe,
to show you London, to be your guide,
philosopher, friend and husband in the Old
World, to take you to my one dear
friend, Dick Lorrimer, and say, 'This,
Dick, is my wife, the sweetest, the best,
the dearest woman in all the world?' "
"My dear Ned," she said, turning aside
to wipe the tears from her eyes, "the
wagon is at the door."
An express van had pulled up, and the
driver was cracking his whip to call at
tention to his presence.
"I must look in at the Mall office before
I go to the depot. The wagon will bring
my traps; I will take the cars."
"You have said 'Good-by' to Mr. Dex
ter?"
"Yes. How ill he looks, how changed!
I wonder if he is drinking too much? The
old. chap was quite upset; begged me to
send him a wire when I get to the Val'.ey.
There's no wire nearer than the Red
Horse Forks; but the first telegram I
send will be to you, my love."
"I wish I might go with you to the de
pot; but I suppose I should be too sad
coming home alone."
"Sweetheart !'j said Ned, once more em
bracing her. "I could not bear to leave
you there. We will say 'au revoir' here,
in this dear little familiar room, where we
have spent so many happy hours; and I
shall always see you on this spot as you
are now. One day we shall smile to think
how much we made of so brief a parting.
When 1 return it will seem as if I had
only been away a day."
"Until you do ages will have passed."
she replied, with a sigh.
The closing scene of parting was broken
in upon by the prosaic, tramp of the ex
pressman on the stairs, bundling baggage
into the hallway; the angry voice of airs.
O'Hagan, demanding if he whs "going to
carry oft* her shtairway wid him?" the as
sisting clamors of the waitress, the
kitchen maid and the cook bringing up the
rear with wraps, a portmanteau and a
miscellaneous bundle of sticks and tools
and a shctgun.
strange to say. the very day Glover left
Chicago he "quite bucked up." as_ ham,
his colored servant, remarked. "Neboer
seen de Massa make slch effort, all In a.
minute; no. sah. for more'n thirty days
he go down and down, melanchoy as a
nlggah wid de mumps, and people finka
he's goln ter die for shure; den. as if
resurrection day hab come, he jus' bucks
up. like as If 'twas his weddin' day sure
•nuft!" • • • Zella could not help com
plimenting Dexter on his improved ap
pearance. In return he gave her a grand
bow and said he" believed he was growing
younger. He took her hand, which she
held out to him.- and — a strange thins for
him* to do — he kissed It. It was strange.
too. that she should shiver as hia lips
touched her fingers, for. after all, thero
was nothing very startling in such an act
of gallantry.
Then Mr. Dexter dictated a letter to his
"sweet cousin" at San f'rancisco; and
again did a very unusual thing. In sitting
near Zella. while she took her shorthaml
rote! more#than once he laid a special
emphasis on passages that seemed to ap
ply to herself. She could not convlr.ee
herself whether her formal engagement
to Ned had made her hypersensitive, or
whether Dexter was contemplating some
p'ot against her.
"If I had full authority over you I
should compel you to accept the offer of
Mr. Leicester Miller. What has age to
do with such a business? You are young,
beautiful, accomplished, poor and unpro
tected: he is In the prime of life, not more
than 60, companionable, loves you and ia
•worth ten million dollars at least, can
give you every luxury; whereas, the
younsr man you think you care for. and
who has pestered you with his attentions,
is penniless, an alien, I believe, and, what
Is worse, a man of no moral character.
It grieves me to have to mention so deli
cate a matter . . ."
"Mr. Dexter." said Zella. "don't you
think you really ought to write a private
letter of this kind yourself? It really
embarrasses me very much. I ¦would
rather not be the medium of such letters."
"But. my dear child, a shorthand writer
Is not supposed to think about what she
Is taking down, and It Is her duty to dis
miss all remembrance of It the moment
she has transcribed It. But I wouldn't
embarrass you for the ¦world, dear child.
I 'will not trouble you further with the
worries I have to endure for that wrong
headed, pretty, unhappy cousin of mine;
confound her!"
"Thank you. sir," said Zella, more for
mal than usual in the way In which she
addressed him.
"I wish I could do something for you
that would be worth the thanking. Miss
Zella. Oh! If you only knew how I Ions
to do something for. you!"
"Mr. Dexter!" ' .
"Something, you know, that might show
you how much I— er— feel for you—^r— the
daughter of a great American soldier.
"Mr. Dexter!"
"I know you. think I am taking a lib
erty. . . I have !;nown you nigh upon
two years. . . Mr. Glover only sees you
once or twice, and he dares to make love
to you. . . Such is woman!"
"Mr. Dexter, what Is the matter with,
you to-day?"
"Nay, my dear; what Is the matter with
you? .... Your lover has left you.
. . . Your dear friend. Hiraigi Dexter,
only wishes to lighten the darkness — just
a gleam or so — and you are angry?"
"I am not angry, but surprised. . . .
Ah! I know what It is; you have been
breakfasting at the Grand Pacific— wi^h
Mr. Storey, perhaps?"
"And taken a glass of wine too much,
eh? Oh, you cynic! . . . Well, put It
down at that and forgive me, Mls3 Prude.
. . . I am a good deal of a fool, some
times, and caring for you as I do — and for
Glover, too; God bless the fellow! — I feel
good; want to do something generous, eh?
I only wish Glover was worthy
of you, my child. . . . But that
would be Impossible. No man that lives
is worthy of you. Nor no man dead ever
was!" •-.-.. 'r ¦•¦
Dexter warmed to his theme, and
warmed to Zella, too, as he rambled on.
Perhaps he took the cue of having had
too much wine as an excuse for the ex
uberance of his remarks. It was a very
hot -day. The blinds were drawn and tha
atmosphere seemed to Invite confidences.
"My dear Mr. Dexter, let us get to tha
business of the day."
"Well, 'this Is It. "Will you do me th*
honor of taking a seat In my box at tho
opera to-night?"
"I didn't know that you went to tha
opera." •
"This Is the Italian opera, from New
Tork and London: very swell and "
"I am not very swell, Mr. Dexter, and
besides " •
"You'd have gone with Glover."
"Thafs a different thing altogether."
H« saw that he w.-vs treading on dan
gerous ground: saw it in her eyes. More
over, she rope from her seat as If aha
were about to leave the room.
"Why of course it is! By gosh. I ought
to be kicked for not remembering the eti
quette of it. A girl engaged to be mar
ried can't be seen with a man old enough
to be her father in her lover's absence'
Why certainly. . . . You are en
gaged to be married, eh? It's true of
course?" * ot
"Quire true, Mr. Dexter "
"Very well. then. I shall take the lib
erty to top all the other wedding preset
with an offering that will sf >eak my love
for the bride-ant! the brid^room-and
my wealth, too. By gosh! my girl you
may guess sometimes how much I am
worth: daresay you do, but vou've m>
idea what it tots up to. And What a set
tlement I could make on any pretty good
natured girl who would love n:e for a year
.„ Now you are dictating that odious let
ter, again.' said Zella; with a ho'.low pre
ter.se and observing that he was grari
ually becoming more intoxicated "Wiil
you excuse me? . . I have a call to
make. ... I will return shortly."
She rose, put on her hat and gloves and
looked at him before she made for tha
Allow me. he said: and he escorted
fcer with the best manners ho could as
sume, opened the door and- said: "Good
morning. . . . Don't hurry back if
you would rather not. . . . And excuse
me. ... I think the Grand Pacific Ma
deira has got into my head."
She smiled forgivingly and left him
standing at the door, while she made her
way to the elevator. Then he closed tha
door and locked it. *
"Thinks I'm tlrunk! By gosh! A
good Jet-out . . . ra have had her on
her elbow but for that. . . . One day
she will answer me straight, by gnsti!
. . . . Ore day! . . . Am I to b» beat
by a cur of an Ink-slinger, a British
tramp without a cent? . . . There's
only one Zella Brunnen In the world, and
she's minc\ if I know myself, willy-nilly,
whether she likes it or not! There's more
ways than ur.e to wfn a woman: mor»
ways than one to conquer the proudest of
'em!"
While he was apostrophizing himself
and space and hurling: thunderbolts about,
the telephone bell was ringing a loud ac
companiment.
"Who is It? Hello! . . . Tea, I'm
Dexter. . . . Well? . . . 'Wire from,
Glover. Red Her?*- Forks Station, Colo
rado. Just arrived at Platta Valley. All
well. Will go on to Blind Man's
Drift to-morrow. . . . That's all? . . .
Thanks. £o lone!"
"And. by . you may go to your death.
for what I care!"
Nevertheless he pushed his scanty locks
of hair from his forehead and sat down
on the nearest chair, as if he was sud
denly overcome by a mental shock.
"WhatSl be the end of it? . . . Mis
ery! . . . Nothing but misery! And
yet I can't help myself. . . . I'm like a
man slipping down a glacier, with no foot
hold. . . . And yet — why should ha
come here, with his smujj face, hia oily
tongue, his high-toned manners? I didn't
bring him to Chicago. . . . Chicago
didn't want him. Sam! Sam!"
"Yes. mapsa*."^ said bam, afar off.
"C^nsin*^ massa'!"
"The brandy. Sam."
"Yea. sa«'."
CHAPTER XVIII.
A STRANGE INTERVIEW— HIRAM
DEXTER CALLS OX MRS.
O'HAGAN.
One hot day In the fall, when Mrs.
O'Hagan was sitting under her vine and
fig tree— In other words. In the shade oC
the little arbor In her front garden, sho
was surprised by the appearance at tho
gate of Mr. Hiram Dexter. He was wear
ing a pair of whlty-brown pants, a light
¦luster-coat and a straw hat.' He took
off the latter in a formal way as La
opened the gate and presented himself
to the lady of Parkside.
"Good day to you, madam, 1 ; he said.
"I know that I have the honor of ad
dressing Mistress O'Hagan."
THE .SUNDAY, CALL:
(Continued next week J
16
In Male attireTHE SUNDAY CALL..
17"Vegetable Salad. -^^
Take one quart of cooked vegetables
potatoes cut in small disks, carrots cut in
strips, peas, lima beans, small bits of
cauliflower and celery — season with salt
and pepper, and add four tablespoonfuls
vinegar; let stand half an hour, drain off
vinegar, heap on to a plate, mask with a
mayonnaise.- garnish with beets, potatoes,
peas, hard boiled eggs and celery plume.
Celery Farci.
. Cut celery into inch pieces, cook in salt
ed water until tender, drain and place in '•
small buttered paper cases; add one !
spoonful of a -white sauce well seasoned. ; "
Cover with bread crumbs mixed with the '
beaten yolk of an egg. , Bake for ten min-
Utes/f. Garnish with an egg white ring and
water cress. ';..„¦ i
Squash Ssrved in Shell.
Cutia-Hubbard squash In two, place on
buttered tin. cut side down and bake un
til tender. Then scoop out the pulp, ieav- '
ing one half shell perfect. Mash the pulp, >.
add two tablespoonfuls butter, pepper
and = salt, grill of cream. Whip, together,
fill the shell, score the top and set in oven
to reheat. " ;; 1
Maitre d'Hotel Potatoes.
Cut potatoes -with an apple -corer' Into >
cylindrical; rolls, cook in salted water un
til tender, drain; serve on a hot plate with
melted butter, to which hasbeen added
minced parsley and a dash of paprika.
Sweet Potato Croquettes. J
, Add ' pepper and salt to one pint, sweet i
potatoes, one butter, one I
beaten egg. /Form into small balls, dip in, J
fine bread crumbs, coat with egg yolk, '
then thoroughly recoat with' crumbs; fry
in ; deep, smoking hot fat until ; golden,,
brown.; '.-: ¦
Roast , Turkey.
Fill a cleaned turkey with a bread dress- '
Uig highly seasoned. When roasted place
paper, frills on big joints,- split olives . on <'
breast, '; garnish' with v parsley, slices of,
lemon and Bweet potato croquettes.
Thanksgiving Center Piece.
Cut a pumpkin no as to form . two side
handles, scoop out . membrane and seeds
and fill -with polished fruit. Garnish wltf*
a wreath of grap« leaves.. • r- ±s
Crown or Jfruit.
Mix two tablespoonfuls of cold water to
make thin paste, pour on thia one cup
ful boilings water, add two- tnblesroon
fuls sugar, juice of one lemon. Cook un
til thick. Then add the stiffly beaten
whites of two eggs, pour this into a but
tered, fancy border rrold. Press through
a sieve one pint of sny desired cooked
fruit. Dissolve one ounce of gelatine in
one quart of boiling water and add
three cupfuls sugar, juice of threw
lemons, juice of &lx oranges: stir until
gelatine Is dissolved and add the cooked
fruit. Set on ice and stir until It begins
to thicken, then pour- into the mold. Set
on ice until firm, unmold, fill center
with fruit and decorate outsldo with
same.
Bourbon Cups.
Place pieces of truffles on bottom of
buttered cups, then press in a layer of
cooked sweetbreads, then a ' layer of
chopped, cooked mushrooms, another
layer of sweetbreads; then place pieces
of 'truffles cut in fancy shapes as illus
trated; then fill cups with chopped mush
rooms. Pour over a highly seasoned
aspic Jelly, being - sure that It reaches
bottom of cups. Set on ice until firm,
unmold on a bed of green salad and
serve.
Mock Cherry Pie.
Cut out the core of pared apples and
soak ono half hour to remove seeds. Seed
one cupful raisins, mix to a smooth
paste two level - tablespoonfuls of .flour
with a little cold water; ¦• add one cupful
boiling water and cook until starchy:
then add pinch of salt, one tablespoonful
butter, the raisins .and cranberries, one
teaspoonful vanilla.
Pour into a pastry-lined tin, place strips
of dough and bake until a nice brown.
Carrot Pudding.
One-half pound bread crumbs, three
fourths pound boiled and mashed carrots,
on© cup molasses, four well beaten "eggs,
one-half pound seeded raisins, one-fourth
pound citron cut into slivers, one- fourth
crated nutmeg, . one-half cupful sweet
milk, one-half teaspoonful salt. Turn into
a buttered melon mold and bake one hour,
unmold and serve with hard sauce, over
Which grate maple sugar.
Molded Lambs' HeartT.
Boil four hearts until tender, adding six
peppercorns, one onion, bunch of sweet
herbs, ¦ teasooonful of salt- - Cool in tho
liquor, then slice very thin and place in
a quart pail with cooked vegetables placed
about the edge.
Thicken the liquor and add while hot
one tablespoonful of vinegar, one package
of gelatine'. ¦ • •
Pour over th« heart, allowing it to set
tle, then till pail; set on the ice until firm:
unmold and garnish with hard boiled eggs
and green foliage.
Egyptian Cabbage.
. Fold the leaves back from a cabbage,
cutting a- piece from center, and place
between them, beginning at the center,
tho following: Half a cupful of rice
cooked until nearly tender,, the piece of
cabbage minceil" tine, one cupful minced,
cooked ham, one small minced onion, salt
and pepper, two tablespoonfuls of butter.
After this has been tilled tie ; the cab
bage securely in cloth and boil until ten
der. Garnish with egg and a white
sauce. . ¦-•'¦/, X:'-- -¦.-,- ¦¦".' •:
Chicken Force' Meat Balls/,: V
Half a cupful of chicken minced fine;
two hard bofied egg yolks mashed, one
tablespoonful chopped parsley, one tea
ppoonful of chopped onion." one-teaspoon
ful of lemon juice,' salt and pepper. .... Mix
all together with the yolk or a. raw egg.
Roll into small balls and fry golden
brown in hot butter. Serve. with a wreath
of seasoned mashed .: potato pressed
through a colander. Garnish ¦ with para
ley. ; . •'
Deviled Lobster.
Add 1 to one pint boiling milk two. level
tablespocnfuls of flour blended with two
of butter. Boil untir thick, <add the meat
from one boiled "lobster cut fine a dash
of paprika, one level teaspoonful of. salt,
the green fat of lobster, one teaspoonful
of minced celery. Fill the shells, cover
.with fine breadcrumbs, dot with butter
and brown ¦ in hot ~. oven. . ' Garnish with
lemon. ' . ¦
Royal Salad.
Cut out the core: of pared apples and
scoop ¦ out a well in center, fill with
minced celery, nut meats broken fine, and
top with a mayonnaise tinted a delicate
green with vegetable coloring.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
18
TASTEFUL DISHES
FOR THE
THANKSGIVING
DINNERBf-ar. bet ho did not like the persorai r-r
ercr.ee ta hims^if. which, as a matter of
fact, had bten a pure coincidence. An
other WJfBC haw-^ver. came, asd his slant
eyes brighten^vi. This verse told about
the affectations of the French, and \\'\i
Ting Fang, with tee memory of the Toa-
war fresh in his memory, laughed
aloud. Some one told me afterward that
.hen that verse was ccncluded Colonel
.ieusted. the President'.* military attache,
remarked as he leaned over from the
Presidential box. "Excellency, the French
Etntassador Is catching it now," and aev-
MY f.rst Thanksji'ir.g a* a star
wlji a very memorable one. It is
doubtful whether In ail my fu
ture career there Trill be another
quite as important to roe. I hs.3 been a
comic opera star fcr about two months
&r.d had just ccme to Washington from
New York, where, with my first opera.
"Tr;.? Fortune Teller." I Iiad made some
tUCCCBS. £
W<? epenefi ii Washington at the Lafay
*ttf> Square Opera-house, and our- encap?-
Ecnt was the first important theairic-a.1
event cf the season. Congress had Just
convened and there wa.« an extraordinary
gathering of notables, diplomats and so
ciety leaders on our opening night. In the
b^xes -were manv persons internationally
f^nicus. including Admiral Schley. Ad;u
tart On-ral Cortln. the Brlt:sh Minister.
fir Julian Paunccfote; M. Jules Cambon,
the FtcaCb Erntasyadcr; the represent.i
ti%t»s of G*"rrnsny ar«l Russia an-1 Wo
Tlr? For.g. Ervoy Extraordinary ar.d Slta
\KVU P!enlpote.'tiary of China. I peeked
throc?h a little hole fn the curtain at all
tbese important people anJ was rather
distppointed in them. The only one that
looked \xp to the dignity- <:f his position
craJ Sir Julian Pauncefote. who was a
very stout, f.arii. dsgniSed old gentleman.
with r.ice white side whiskers. Admiral
Seh>y ii>cked just like his pictures, but
J-* 1 nil in evenir-g dress, without a bit of
c : : l*ce <:r «»n a 5 word. V.'u Tir.g Far.jj
was the nrji pSctBnMQIW of the lot. lie
ni fljmnii i:; *nihr'<i(2ereU and look
*-<l very pompous and with himself.
:: r-r.-er. h- sat in the right-hand box,
wfciefe Clrt nsnzlted ir. a peculiar co'.r.cL .
<ter.ee. In the seeend ect. of "The Fortune
T-rller" Htm occura a sops which we
MTtltled "The Son? of All I-rruion?.'"-
Z: d"*Is with the jvuliar traits «jf differ
< et :ctic:.a:::'.e«. Or.c ol tae verses is as
fallows:
TT.e c!-ht ere that the Ulster frcm Cfclna
Was PiTtir* in * b-ji u;x>n my right
TV t*rn I ran» 03 to (Jance. his v;** met
I t*w he ff'I ia Icve »itli me at slsht-
Wben the d:«tir.su'.?het! Celestial heard
this h*- charged countenance at once. He
l-a<l previously rapped his fan on the rail
. I the box and applauded hits en John
Bu'.!. the Gfrman Kai!*r and tie Russ'an
eral persons who henrJ V7u Ting Fare's
reply said it sounded like. "VeJly guot; I
likee bin: catchee hcllee."
The next day we were pretty popular ta
Washington, and that aJtercooa an at
tache or the Whue'hiouse eaued u?un ma
vrttn an invitation to visit its nuatrrt*.
The tollow.ng afternoon, which *ai
Wednesoar; a. uM, 1 arove u>
to the \. hite Houae aoors. I was ac
cordea a toriaai reception by Mrs*. Me-
Klm«y in .. n«; 1 tluatt tfcr/ eall tnt- Kast
rocm. 'lhis v-iia a:i teat was at lirst m
teaG«!. i;«:t -^ra. Mctvinley seemed t'>
take a fancy to nie ana utter the formal
presentation v. •»» over s«ne invited me luw
her tea. ru<;m. snowing me the way her
self. 1 was very nervous, but she was
such a dear, kindly lady that I pretty
isoon Ie!t \ery much at home. We
down and chatted tor a few moments.
ana then she asked me to sing. I adKeil
her if she prelerred uny particular song,
and ehe s«ud dhe liked -Annie Laune.
so i sang It. playing my own accom
paniment on an upright piano which was
in the room. As I was knitting the sec
ond verse ine- President stepped in. I wa*
so flustered I could not ftn:ah the verse.
but he turned out to be aa nice a3 Ma
wire and very soon, rsade me feel right
at *ase again, though he never relaxed
his dignity for a moment. My strongest
impression of him wu ol a man witn_ a.
stout, stocky figure, a powerful. Na
poleonic face, piercing eyes and Trry
bushy eyebrows. After I haJ been pre
sented to hira he assed me to continue
my plaTir.s. and at his request 1 sanjj
••buwanec River" and "Home. Sweet
Hcme." He said he preferred the simpl*
sor.ga and didn't care much about claaiI-3
nvusie. After a llttte visit he withdrew
and Mrs. McKir.ley and 1 had luncheon.
tc~cther. When I went away I carried,
with me the Impression of having met
cr.e of the sweetest, kindest ?nd nicst de
lightful !au!e3 with whom I have ever
corse in ccmact.
•ih« next evening was Thankaelving ami
the big theater was crowded from Eoor
to calling. The cream of society and tha
leaders in diplomacy were there. Ju3t
before the overture the Presidential party
ertered and occupied their box. Mrs. ilc-
Kinley sat In a chair by the rail. It was
the first time that ste had been to th©
theater for over a year. When I mads
my entrance she recognized me with a
llttte bow and at the end of my first son?
she threw to me an enormous buncU of
roses from the White House conserva
tory. This was an honor irhich I under
stand has never been bestowed epen any
other actress, and therefore I think I an
rljht In feelins that my first Thanksgiv
ing as a star was a very Important ona
and one long to be remembered.
THE SUNDAY CAUL.
19
FIRST THANKSGIVING
AS A STARTHE SUNDAY CALL.
20Continued on Page Twenty-Two
WASHINGTON. Nov. 24.— A number ot
Franciscan sisters will leave this country
next week to establish an industrial school
in the leper settlement at Molokai, In the
Hawaiian Islands. They Intend to devote
tneir future lives in behalf of the lepers
and probably will never return to their
homes in the United States. The leader
of this band Is Mother Ann M. Schilling,
a native of Syracuse. N. Y, She and her
companions will start from San Francisco
direct for Hawaii, bearing with them, it
is said, the special blessing of Pop* Leo
xiil 93
Nohle Franciscan Sisters to
Establish an Industrial
School on Molokai.
FOR LIFE WORK
AMONG LEPERS
de luxe from the * Rlverla to Paris. • In
PARIS, Nov. 24.— The city of Park
welcomed Mr. Kruger to-day in a
whole-hearted manner, according
him a sincere reception at the
station, and showing by the
cheering of the crowds all along the route
that he was cordially welcome and had
the sympathy of the populace. The thor
oughfares through which Mr. Kruger
passed were not lavishly decorated, but a
few Vtags were flying and the hotel was
nicely decorated, while from early morn
ing the street hawkers did not permit the
pedestrians to forget that it was Kruger
day. All sorts of Insignia were offered for
sale. Small Boer flags, badges of the Boer
colors and scarf pins of the same charac
ter were called out on the boulevards, and
lucky were the salesmen, for almost every
person wore a Boer emblem.
By 10 o'clock the sidewalks began to fill,
¦while In the vicinity of the railway sta
tion and about the Hotel Scribe the
crowds constantly Increased in size.
Small squads of guards, on foot and
mounted, were continuously passing, evi
dence of the fact that the Government
was taking stringent precautions to pre
vent trouble. On the Place de la Bastlle
a few national groups collected, but they
were eoon dispersed.
By the time the train was due to arrive
all the places of vantage about the rail
road station and hotel were packed for a
distance of about a block. Among those
gathered at the railro/Ld station were
Count Boni de Castellane and several
other well-known Nationalist Deputies
and Miss Maud Gonne and a party of the
Irish delegation. •
The crowd on the platform pressed so
closely about Mr. Kruger's salon car that
for a time he was unable to alight and
stood on the footboard bareheaded, ac
knowledging the plaudits of his admirers.
M. Crozier, chief of the Protocole of the
department of the Foreign Office, to which
Is intrusted questions of etiquette and the
reception of diplomats and others, ad
vanced and bade Mr. Kruger welcome In
the name of President . Loubet and the
French Government. Mr. Kruger bowed
his thanks. ;
Mayor Grebauval then greeted Mr. Kru
ger in behalf of the municipality of Faxls,
and the president of the pro-Boer" Society
and others presented the aged traveler with
addresses of welcome, to which' M*r. Kru
ger replied that he was extremely "happy
to again find he was touched to the bot
tom of his heart by the welcome he-had
received and could not find words to ex
press his appreciation of 'the sympathy
Frenchmen were displaying toward his
country. He concluded; with sayin*,he
had faith in the Boer : nation, which,'
though tempest tossed, would keep afloat
and never sink.
President Kruger's Arrival. ¦
Mr. Kruger; arrived ; in^. Paris ; at llO:43 , a.
m. and was given a magnificent' reception.
The boulevards ."crammed ¦ with ¦ vast
crowds.. .Mr. Kruger. and party " entered
the . train , at ; Dijon f. at .8:30 .a. ,¦ m. ".His
special cars were attached* to the train
FRESH RUMOR OF
THE CZAR'S DEATH
Bulletin Sent Out fin Physicians,
However; , Sags NiGholas 1
Condition Is Encouraging,
LONTX)N. Nor. 25—2:45 a. m.— A news
agency here says that it is reported the
Prince of "Wales Informed the Marlbor-
ough Club that the Czar is dead, but it Is
unable to secure any confirmation of the
rumor.
LIVADIA, Nov. 24— The bulletin Issued
to-day on the subject of the Czar's health
is encouraging. It said:
"The Czar passed a good ,day yester
day. He slept twice. His Majesty's gen
eral condition Is good. At S o'clock in the
r\-enirg his temperature was 101.8; pulse,
."i The Emperor slept well during the
night. This moiyiing his condition is per
fectly satisfactory. At 9 a. m. his tem
perature was 193.*; t -!•£. «*"
VANCOUVER. B. C;, Nor. 24^-W. A;
Cumyoxr, secretary for the Pacific Coast
of the Chinese Reform Association, to-day
received a cable frcih the headtju*rters
of th* reformers in Japan stating that a
battle had a few days ago been fought In
North China between the reform array
and the imperial forces. The cabla con
vey? the unsatisfactory information that
tb* array, which was largely supported by
Chinese in America, was worsted In the
fight, losing 500 kilted as against 130 killed
In the imperial brigade. Many of the Chi
nese in the reform ranks are recruited
from men who have gone home from Brit
ish Columbia and Puget Sound. The Chi
nese here are very disJ'ati.'Od with the
fact that an attack wa» made by.tcrtr
forces, their plan for the present beirjr
simply to show a display of force- and to
later on aid the powers with a. view to
the restoration of the Empror Kwarsp;
Su. This desire has been cabled to head
quarters of the reformers. in Japan.
Sr>#c!al Dtsratclx to Tie CWL
Engage in Battle. In North China
With Imperial Troops and
Lose 500 Men. '
REFORMERS ARE
BADLY BE ATEN
I : Mr. Kruger withdrew to-. hjs own roorn
and declined to see further visitor?,, even
the ministers of the municipal -louncU.
who wer>- anxious- to ascertain the - day
on' which he would "accept, c reception at
At 4 o'clock a landau from the Elysee
Palace was driven to the Hotel Scribe and
Mr." Kruger. hia Interpreter and M. Cro
zier proceeded to the Elysee. escorted by
a strong detachment of Cuirassiers. The
scenes of enthusiasm of the morning were
repeated; Mr. . Kruger waa - received at
the- Elysee .with great ceremonies, such
as are accorded to the sovereigns whj
visited the exposition. ' A band drawn up
in. the court yard rendered the honors.
President Loubet received Mr. Krujrcr
in'-' the v Hall of Embassadors, whare M.
Delcasse, Minister- of.- Foreign Aftairs.
was al5o awaiting J him. The Interview
lasied several mirfutes. Mr. Krug»r then
returned to his hotel with the same cere
monial. >.'¦'¦ ' , . -•
Visits President Loubet.
M. Crozier, Chief of the Protocl. called
at 2:15 p. m., and Mr. Kruger. who was
sleeping, arose to receive him. M. Crozier
announced that President Loubet was
prepared to receive Mr. Kruger at 4
o'clcck and the tired traveler prepared
himself to visit the Elysee. While the
crowd before the hotel decreased some
what, a considerable concourse remained
shouting Mr. : Kruger's name.
"Mr. Kruger at his hotel received in suc
cession a number of delegation?, including
one from the Nationalist Deputies, headed
by MM. Millervct and Lases. He after
ward received the Prefect of Police. M.
Leplne, and M. Lebolse Marqulel, a
brother of the famous colonel, who was
killed In South Africa while fighting for
the Boers. Mr. Kruger then retired to
his room, declared he was fatigued and
would see nobedy.
Along the route flowers were thrown
into Mr. Kruger's landau and women
tossed their handkerchiefs in his direc
tion. Mr. Kruarer smiled and reganl^d
with curiosity the balconies and roofs,
which were alive with people. On his ar
rival at the Hotel Scribe Air. Kruger was
greeted on the threshold , with the Btfer
¦hymn, sung by the children of the Trans
vaal Consul, to which Mr. Kruger listened
with tears In his eyes.
Flowers and the Boer Hymn.
so omnipresent were the police that many
persons desiring to give utterance to anti-
British sentiments would hardly have
dared to do so. There was but one Inci
dent" having any resemblance of thia
sort. Opposite the hotel is an English
store and on Its balcony stood many spec
tators. '. When Kruger appeared on the
balcony of .the hotel some one In the
crowd noticed that the men on the store
balcony wore their hats. Immediately a
cry of "hats off' was directed at thenr,
and the men on the balcony, appreciating
the s'tuation. uncovered and the crowd
heaved a great "ah" aa some one cried,
tauntingly, "Do you speak English?" in
very broken Kngli?h, arid the affair was
ended. •
:, Through, all this fervid ..welcome the
anti-British i, sentiment did not" appear.'
The cries were, confined to plaudits. of Mr.
Kruger and the Boers. If there were any.
shouts opposed to Great Britain they were
not heard 'in /the general 'tumult.- So di
rect had '.been' the warnings of the 'Prefect
of-' Police, M. Lcpine, to cause the arrest
of persons raising anti-British shouts and
r A sight which stirred the feelings of the
crowd .to the utmost was the appearance
on the balcony of the great grandchildren
of Mr. Kruger, waving a Boer flag. iThe
little ones ' were cheered to the echo as.
held aloff by a servant,' they unfurled the
Boer, colors/* " :
Mr. Kruger, bareheaded, bowed on all
sides, while the air was rent with cries of
"Vive Kruger," "Vive les Boers." Mr.
Kruger quickly alighted from his carriage
and entered the hotel, but the mass of
spectators wasTifbt satisfied and the peo
ple shouted, rolled and clapped their
hands in chorus until a window on the
balcony \vra* opened and Mr. Kruger ap
peared. Then' hats : were again thrown In
the air and the shouting was resumed
with vigor. Handkerchiefs and flags were
v.:ived-ar.d the greatest "enthusiasm pre
vailed. The scene before • the hotel con
.tiiiued for oyeran hour. : A.body of stu
dents,'bearing flags, attempted "to march
past the hotel but were stopped. Nothing
daunted, 'the' students broke into cries and
songs until Mr. Kruger. again appeared in
response to * their ;.; demonstration.' after
which -he, retired" for' lucheon.
Many Cries of Welcome.
A large escort of mounted municipal
guards rode around Mr. Kruger's car
riage. Along the main boulevards the
crowds increased in size, and as Mr.
Kruger reached the central portion of the
city the Pidewalks were blocked, and
every window was filled with sightseers;
trees had been climbed and boxes, chairs
and ladders were brought into use to per
mit a glimpse of the noted stranger.
Within two blocks of the hotel the streets
were so crowded that progress was im
peded. The police precautions were very
stringent. The streets for .half a block
from the hotel were cordoned by rows of
mounted republican guards, augmented
by files of armed municipal guards. Over
the entire route from the station to the
hotel enthusiastic cries greeted Mr. Kru
ger. Shout after shout arose until there
was a continuous roar of cheering. When
the Boer president entered the cleared
area in front of the hotel the demonstra
tion was uproarious.
Mr.' Kruger, to the great disappoint
ment of those waiting in the salon of
honor, passed through another door to the
front of the station, where a four-horse
landau was drawn up. Mr. Kruger en
tered the vehicle and was at once driven
oft for his hotel, amid enthusiastic cheer-
Ing, which followed him along the whole
route— along the outer boulevarde aqross
the Place de la Republic", .which was a
perfect sea of spectators, and through the
central boulevards. He arrived at the
Hotel Scribe at 11:30 a. m. ~ '
rely on the good offices of the people, and
especially on the sympathy of the French
people."
"I am deeply touched; by the sympathy
the population of all the French towns
I have passed throughhave displayed to
me by" such V. striking' 1. demonstrations. . I
have, seen the gatherings and I real lie
that air Frenchmen, like myself," are con
vinced -of the ; Justice of bur ; cause. We
iare seeking to maintain our independence,
feeling that tho independence ;of the peo
ple in Itself guarantees peace. It Is in or
der "to obtain; this ? peace, founded; on'.lib
erty" and justice. , that we are : struggling
on the soil of the two republics and that I
have myself come to you:r NeveiR would ' I
"dream -of soliciting ] the least- favor of r an
unjust 'character. Q I ; have dearly proved
this by v'neyeTj ceasing ho] ask for arbitra
tion, and ' that li Arhat ; I still demand, , I
. Replying to the J address . of . the Paris
Boer 'committee at the station Mr. Kru
ger said: -• '
Beply of the Visitor.
Xearing Paris these gatherings grew
more frequent and of larger number,
until the train approached the terminus,
the Gare de Lyon, here. Then a remark
able spectacle was presented. Not only
the windows, but the roofs of the houses
commanding a view of the track, were
covered with spectators. In addition the
railroad employed, . engineers, cleaners,
porters and guards had clambered on the
trains lying on the side of the tracks
and at the coaling platforms— at every
point where a glimpse only of the train
itself could be secured. This, however,
was merely a foretaste of the spectacle
which greeted Mr. Kruger's eyes when
the train steamed' into the station Itself.
Notwithstanding precautions . to admit
only ticket holders, a large assemblage
filled the station, while through the open'
doors could be seen a huge concourse of
people gathered in the courtyard outside.
The Mayor and municipal councillors, a
number of Senators, Deputies," army of
ficers and reporters were mustered on the
platform. Mr. Kruger was to Have passed
through the station, which had been spe
cially arranged as a salon of honor, being
profusely decorated with flowers v and
where he was to be formally received by
the Mayor and municipal councillors, but
for some reason the Mayor welcomed him
oh the platform* Instead. /
Elsewhere along the route there were
the same scenes as yesterday. People
were waiting on the sides of the track
and on bridges and other • points of
vantage. They' waved their hands and
cheered as the train rushed past at high
est speed.
The train stopped only once en route,
at La Rcche. Here a deputation with
flags was waiting at the station to pre
sent Mr. Kruger with a warmly worded
address of admiration and sympathy for
the Boer causa. Mr. Kruger thanked the
deputation through his interpreter. The
crowd, which was of respectable numbei
for Euch a small town, gave the distin
guished travelar unstinted applause.
spite of the early hour, a fair number of
inhabitants assembled on the platform to
cheer the departing statesman. Mr.
Kruger uttered a few words of thanks to
the city for its splendid welcome.
JOHN BULL (to himself) — Wot's this I 'ear — Hoom Paul's captured Paris? Great 'eavens! e'll be'lootin' dear ole Lunnon next!
Joyous Demonstrations by the Parisians as the Former President of the
South African Republic Is Received and Treated as a Reigning Sovereign.
All Due Honors Are Paid by Loubet and Other Statesmen of the Republic.
her condition has become considerably
worse.
come Considerably Worse.
LONDON, Nov. 24.-A special dispatch
frjai • Shanghai eays an official telegram
from Slanf u confirms the report of, the
illness of the Dowager Empress and says
Condition Is Reported to Have Be-
IK)WAGEB EMPRESS IS ILL.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON* HO
; TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.-"There
; has been no change In the attitude' of
| Germany with respect to China. She is
> as strongly opposed to partition as is the
j United States." This statement was made
• to the Call correspondent to-day by Baron
von Holleben, German Enabassador to
this country, who has Just arrived in
Washington from Berlin,
"The feeling in Germany." continued
the Embassador. "is one of decided
1 friendship for the United States and a
{ hearty sympathy with its aim to bring
j about the restoration of the status quo
in China- There is absolutely no ground
for supposing that Germany has any
ulterior purposes regarding China. The
policy of the Government is to-day what
it was on July 10. when Count von Bu
i low, then Minister of Foreign Affairs,
I made this declaration: 'Our aim is the
restoration of security for. persons and
property, freedom of action for German
subjects In China, rescue of foreigners
besieged in Peking, re-establishment of
security and normal conditions under
properly organized Chinese Government,
and reparation and satisfaction for out
rages committed. We desire no partition
of China, and peek no special advantages.*
"This was closed with the statement
that 'the Imperial Government is imbued
with the conviction that the maintenance
of the agreement between the powers is
a primary condition for the restoration
of peace and order in China." This note
is the framework of Germany's policy.
The Anglo-German agreement Is in pur
suance of the important principles there
in set forth, and is In accordance with
the principles which .the United States
has consistently advocated. As I have
stated. Germany is opposed to partition.
She desires the privilege of trade on equal
terms with other powers. The Anglo-
German agreement is a guarantee of the
observance of the two principles. In Ger
many the impression prevails that the
Anglo-German agreement has given en
tire satisfaction to the United States.
"I feel safe In saying that no power is
more anxious to bring about a termina
tion of the present unsatisfactory condi
tions- prevailing in China than is Ger
many. Favoring the maintenance of the
Integrity of China, It is to her interest, as
It is to that of every power having no sin
ister motive, to act with the other nations
to effect a prompt settlement. Germany's
course has been guided by a desire to pre
serve the concert of the nations, without
which there Is grave danger that the ob
jects sought cannot be accomplished."
As a result of the exchange of views to
be made by the powers, as suggested by
Secretary Hay in his latest note, it is
hoped that a satisfactory method of solv
ing the Chinese difficulty will be adopted.
It Is apparent that the President wishes
to supplement the work of the Ministers
in Peking by direct negotiations with the
powers. It Is not intended to withdraw
the matter at once from the Ministers,
but it is intended to expedite their action,
and falling in this, to seek some other
method to end the unsatisfactory situa
tion. As all the powers have assured this
Government of their wish to secure a so
lution that China can agree to, there only
remain details.
Although Japan gave her adherence to
the Anglo-German agreement, the author
ities here are sure that the Toklo Govern
ment does not favor the execution of
princes and mandarins, but is rather in
sympathy with the attitude of the United
States, Russia and France. If Japan can
be brought into line the balance will be
so strong against Great Britain and Ger
many that they will be forced to agree to
a more moderate plan. It was predicted
by a diplomat to-day that so long as the
negotiations remain In the hands of- the
Ministers a solution would be impossible.
The State Department understands that
Russia and France would like to use some
other methods of reaching an agreement,
but whether Great Britain and Germany
will do so is a question; the next few days
will answer. The United States has not
yet submitted a proposition for an inter
national conference to settle the Chinese
question, but it is admitted that it may be
necessary to do so as a last resort.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
the Dnited States Can Soan End
the Present Controversy. •
Just as Anxious as America
r" lor Speedy Settlement
in Cbina.
NEGOTIATIONS W1TE POWERS.
If Japan Can Be Brought Into Line
Baron yon Holleto
Makes a Strong
: i Statement.
GERMANY
OPPOSES
PARTITION
Mrs. Page's body has been founl.
The St. Olaf was an iron steamer of SG3
tons, built on the Clyde In 1SS2 and was
valued at S4O.MO.
QUEBEC. Nov. 24.— The steamer St.
Olaf. coasting between this pert "-«* Es
quimaux Point, in the Lower 8t. Law
rence, has been wrecked off Seven Isl
ands and all on board perished — nineteen
of the crew and seven passengers.
The St. Olaf left here on Sunday, morn"
Ing on her last trip to Esquimaux
Point, carrying government mall*. pas
sengers and a large cargo. All apparently
went well on the way down and ths
steamer left .Immediately ja . her return
to this port. The last news heard of the
St. Oiaf until this morning was that eha
had left Sheldrake on 'Wednesday.
Shortly after th!s the signal station fils
patches reported rough weather, with
gales of wind and snow and it 13 sup
posed that during one of these gales the
•St. Olaf ran ashore on one of tho rock3
at the entrance of the Seven Island:, as
a. dispatch states that the was ?rect;d
on Boule Island.
The officials and crew of tht St. Olai
were:
P. T. LEMAISTRE. captain.
LOUIS CARON. first mate,
CHARLES BOUDREAU. Beconfi mate.
F. T. VEIT, purser.
JOSEPH T. REMBliAT. «t»wari
JOSEPH ROY. cook.
ARTHUR LEMAIRE.
JOSEPH GAUTHIER.
SAM DOYLE.
WILLJAM BLAINET, seamen.
AMEDEE VIGNEAUTT. lamp-trlmmsr.
JOSEPH ARSEXEAU. cabin boy.
GUS LAFLEUR, messroom boy.
EUGENE BOLANGER, chief engineer,
JAMES BRUNELL. second engineer.
"WILFRED BELANGER. third engineer.
ODILON CORMIER. JOHN GAGXB
and THOMAS DOYLE, firemen.
The passengers lost are:
LOUIS GAGXEN* of Pentocost.
JOSEPH BACON. St. Johns River.
CLARENCE BOND. St. Johns River.
JEREMIE CHINIC. St. Johns River.
MICHAEL MAHER, St. Johns River.
NAPOLEON BAUGIN. St. Johns River.
MRS. MARIE PAGE. Thunder River.
Of All the Ill-Fated Passengers and
Crew Only One Body Is Washed
Ashore and Recovered.
RUNS ON ROCKS DURING STORM
Disaster Occurs OH Seven
Islands, in tfte Lower
St. Lawrence.
WrecU oi tne SI dial
and All on Board
Perish.
TWENTY-SIX
LOST WITH
A STEAMER
James B. Reynolds, who is at the head
of University Settlement, In ]>vington
Ftreet. said he believed that Bishop Pot
ter's reference to a vigilance committee
meant nothing more than appeared in the
exact words used "the vigilance commit
tee plan Is feasible- It has already been
tried in this city, though for different pur
poses. You will remember that the late
Colonel Waring when in charge of the
Street Cleaning Department had a vigi
lance committee formed, the members of
which inspected the conditions of streets
a.nd reported to him. There is this differ
ence: Then va had all confidence in the
chief of the department and little In his
subordinate*; now we have little . confi
dence in the Chief of the Police Depart
ment, while we have full confidence in a
majority of the members of the force."
It now seems to be the opinion of gen
tlemen who have made the closest study
of the problem that is to be solved that a
head committee will be formed, and that
later a vigilance committee will b«
brought into existence. Such committee
was tugpested by the Bishop.
It is probable that the general plan out
lined by Bishop Potter on Friday will be
followed.
Although no mention is made of Tarn
dar.y in the call which was sent out Fri
day afternoon — after Bishop Potter had
delivered his address in St. Paul's chapel
en "God and the City**— it is freely con
fessed by thos« responsible for the new
movement that Tammany Hall must be
counted as an enemy.
For the purpose of allying all of those
fcrces that are now operating for the sup
pression cf vice a call has been issued for
a conference to be held in the Chamber
cf Commerce next Tuesday afternoon.
Richard Croker's committee on vice has
?howa no mere activity than the police.
It has held several meetings, but *i«« ac
complished nothing. The Tammany pur
ists evinced interest in a Brooklyn citizen,
who called on them to prevent the use of
profanity in the Etre«ts, and they almost
reached a working point when a citizen
from Amsterdam avenue told them he
was sure there was vice in the city which
should be suppressed. But the committee
soon relapsed into Inactivity. As a re
sult cf their meetings the Tammany pur
ists have accomplished the only feat of
finding rooms to meet in.
Captair. Herlihy was transferred from
"command of the Eldridge-street precinct
a veek ago, but there has been little
charge la the "red-light" district since
Captain Titus took charge. The new com
manding officer made an impression on
many evil-doers In that section by mak-
Ir.g a raid en a disorderly house and ar
resting twelve women inmates. For a few
days this had a salutary effect, but the
improvement was short-lived. Xearly all
of the resorts of which complaint has
been made are being conducted almost
as openly as before.
NEW YORK. Nov. 24. -Although this is
the tenth day since Richard Croker an
rcnir.ced to Tammany's executive commit
tee that vice must be Euppre; 1 * ed in this
city, practically nothing toward suppres
pir^: :t has been accomplished by the
Tammany Police Board. Disorderly
houses, poolrooms and gambling resorts
remain open every night In all parts cf
th« city, just as Teas the case when Tam
rnany became eo chocked that a commit
tee was named on vice to purify the city.
SpeeUi XXsraxch to Tb» C&IL
However, the Movement Started by
Honest Workers Will Not Be
Permitted to Die Out.
NO CHANGE IN RED LIGHT DENS
Bishop Potter's Plan for a
Vigilance Committee Is
Approved.
Nomine Done by ttie
Tammany Purity
Committee.
VICE IN
NEW YORK
UNCHECKED
WARM WELCOME FOR OOM PAUL KRUGER
IN THE CAPITAL OF FRENCH REPUBLIC
VOLUME LXXWffl-)fa 178.
hm 21 to 30
The San Francisco Call.
1 US^VJ L^lAjc^Uii
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900— FORTY PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.CONSTANTINOPLE, Friday, Nov. 23.—
United States Charge d'Affaires Griscom
called upon Tewfik Pasha, Minister for
Foreign Affairs, yesterday to urge a set
tlement of the difficulty in relation to the
granting of an exequatur to Dr. Thomas
H. Norton, who some time ago was ap
pointed by President McKlnley to estab
lish a Consulate at Harpoot. The Porte,
however, ls firm in its refusal to grant the
request for an exequatur.
NAPLES, Nov. 24.— The United States
battleship Kentucky has sailed for
Smyrna. ' -"•"-- ¦
Refuses to Grant an Exeguatur
to Consul Norton and the
Kentucky Sails for Smyrna.
SUBLIME PORTE
STILL STUBBORN
LONDON. Xov. 2*.— London's new
Ix>rd Mayor, Frank Green, takes
a very radical and friendly view
of the American invasion of thi
city's finance, trade. and transportation.
"It is merely a matter of utilitarian-
Ism," he paid to a correspondent. "Ameri
can capital is bound to improve business
here, and it is welcomed warmly as any
thing tending to bring the' two nations
the most good, even though it may appear
to result only to the advantage of one of
them. Together, England and America
are more powerful In every way than the
rest of the world.
"Regarding placing Government loans
In America, patriotism naturally compels
me to say English financiers should nave
the first chance; but if Americans give
better terms why let them have them, by
all means. All things being equal I zee
no reason why Americans should not be
allowed to subscribe to the loan which- is
likely to be asked for at thfc resumption
of Parliament and if by open competition
she ca.n secure the bulk I am sure no
hard feelings will exist in the city."
Hot on the heels of Charles T. YerkeV
underground railroad scheme comu the
announcements of so many projected
roads that London may be said to have
become* the victim of tube mania, if all
the companies are allowed to operate half
of London would be undef mined. . Par
liamentary sanction will be applied ,'or
in the case of no less than ten electric
tubes, necessitating the deposit of £5,000,
000 as a Parliamentary guarantee. It ls
likely that several of these will never ma
terialize; but. as D. H. Lauterbach. who
is here in the interest of Mr. Verkes,
points out, there is no reason why Lon
don should suffer from lack of transpor
tation facilities when capital is going bee-
King and the electrical science of the
world is at its beck and call.
Albert Johnson of New York is inter
ested In an entirely different scheme. His
interest lies in the direction of suburban
surface traction, especially in Manchester
and Liverpool and the larg-2 cities of the
north, where he Is acquiring Important
concessions.
OPEBATCOITS OF RUSSIANS.
Three Brigades to Remain in Man
churia During the
Winter.
ST. PETTTSSBrRG. Nov. 24.— The Offi
cial Messenger saye that in consequence
of the. termination of military operations
in the province of Pechili orders have
been issued to begin returning the Rus-
Flan troops to the ICwantung- and Amur
territories. The jiap«^r adds that it Is
hoped! the detachments from European
Russia will all return during the first half
of 190L
It is further averted that to commajid
Manchuria necessitates the retention there
for the winter of three brigades of Siber
ian rifles, 5n addition to the u^ual forces
guarding th<» railroad.
MAN CHESTERS TO
BE REMARRIED
Duke and Duchess Now on
Their Way to the United
States.
m ¦
2Legard Ceremony at Marylebone as
On] 7 a I/epal Contract and
Will Blarry Again in
New York.
LONDON. Nov. 24.— The last person to
board the American train for Southamp
ton at tho Waterloo station this morning
¦was the Duke of Manchester, -who had a
great deal of hacgage to attend to an<l
was Just in tim« to jump into his com
partment as tho train moved out of the
station. The ducal party, including the
tiiree Misses Kvans. aunts of the bride,
arrived In cabs a quarter of on hour be
jore the train started. Simultaneously
vith them came Sheriff Lawrence's state
carriage. The public and the railway of
ficials niirtook the latter for the convey
ance of the Duke and Duchess and their
cabs passed slmost ¦without notice. I
The Duke was attired in a bine flannel
Fuit, with tan *hoe8 and a shaggy Scotch
traveling c&x>. and th« bride wore a long
Astraltan cloak.
Th© L»uke and Duchess had th<slr first
Interview yest-rday with the Dowager
DucheFB. who wa.« quite ill. Their recep
tion was most corolal and In the evening
ihere was a family dinner at the home or'
2Jrs. LiEter-Kaye, aunt of the Duke.
The Duke explained that the ceremony
1n the Marylebcne church was regarded
more in the light of a legal contract than
us a wedding, which he expected would
l>e more fully solemnized at St. Thomas'
New York.
**\N> are both glad," said he. "to return
to the Vnited States, and lam confident
that everything will be satisfactorily ar
ranged. 1 am railing by the American
line, you s*e, for I must now pattern after
the Americans. "and a. verv good pattern
I have alwaj-s found it. My plans de
pend upon Mr. Zimmerman's arrange
ments. I hope to go to Cincinnati and
thence to Florida or California and to re
turn here in tho summer. I sever myself
from the pas=t and start for the United
States with hope for the future."
Shoes for Everybody.
¦ Five hundred pairs of, men's 'viel kid
»ho«s that-cost 34 will be Bold to-morrow
for' $1.85 a pair," at ! thft Assignee -Sale ' of
shoes at : the ¦ Boston, . 775 Market street,
near Fourth. P. C. Kelly, Assignee. •
Chamberlains Reach London.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— Joseph Chamber
lain and Mrs. Chamberlain, who have
been visiting on the continent, arrived in
London this evening.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— At Manchester to
day the Manchester November : handicap
of 1500 sovereigns,' for three-year-olds and
upward, at one mile and six furlongs,' was
won by B/- Gottschalk's chestnut gelding
Lexicon; Second' place was taken' by G.
Edward's brown i coltt Santoi, : and : Sir J.
Blundell's- black colt Aauascutum. by
Childwick, come In third. . ¦¦;¦*,: -
The American . Jockeys wound up tha
racing » • season \ at : Manchester, winning
four out of the eix races. . Johnny Reiif
won the Saturday Welter handicap plate.
Danny Maher carried off the Stand plate
and Lester Reift won the final plate. Xos
ter Relff heads ' the list of winners; hero.
For the flrsftimo in the history: of the
English . turf a , foreigner has carried I off
this honor. . Looter Relff . has . won 143 out
of 549 mounts.' ; Tod Bloan Is second— 137
out of 807 rnounta; J. Relff is, third with
124 out of eoimounta. j ¦ ; ' - r ... v, .; v . : ,,
The Reiff • will return* to Newmarket
until th* middle of i December, when, they
will go to th« United 8tatB8.Le«ter Reift
!» expected In Jumdon Monday: next*
AMERICAN JOCKEYS
KEEP. UP THE RECORD
FRENCH PEOPIJE PRTTDENT.
the Hotel Devllle. being refused. Mr.
Kruger dined with members of his fan.-
Ily at C:30.. He was very much fatigued
arid- retired early. .He will not leave the
hotel to-morrow even to attend Protest
ant services, nor will he receive any vis
itors.
No Cries or Demonstrations That
Would Offend England.
PARIS, Nov. 24.— Paris, while giving full
vent to her pent-up feelings of sympathy
with and admiration for the Boers in it?
reception to Mr. Kruger to-day, comport
ed herself with wisdom and prudence.
While a few Isolated Instances of anti-
British vociferations were unavoidable,
never once throughout the day was then;
any semblance of an organized dem
onstration against England to mar the re
ception. But especially ¦ reassuring was
the character of the reception and It was
with feelings of relief that the authorities
went to bed after the gloomy forebodings
inspired by the unfortunate ' incidents
which had marked previous welcomes
given to Mr. Kruger en route to the
French capital.
It Is true that M. Ls Pine, Paris Pre
fect of Police, displayed his Irori hand In
a way that rendered even partial success
of any discordant outbreak impossible,
yet it Is but fair to emphasize the fact that
no disposition was ever evidenced to cre
ate trouble. The only difficulty experi
enced was in keeping the throngs from
sweeping over the line of the route In
their eagerness to secure a glimpse of the
figure of "Oom Paul." The most trouble
some task was met with In front of the
Gare.de Lyon when Mr. Kruger's landau,
drawn by horses decked ¦ with rosettes of
the- Boer colors- and driven .-by, a coach
man wearing a similar favor In his but
tonhole, started. - • .
Despite a formidable line* of police and
municipal guard3, aided by mounted Re
publican Guards, the crowd which w*s
massed at the approaches to the station,
numbering thousands, swept over the cor
don and In the twinkling of an eye M00
police and guards were mingled in inex
trlcabln confusion among the- multitude.
M. Mellne, who was preceding Mr. Kru
ger In a carriage, however, took the situ
ation in. at a glance and shouted to Mr.
Kruger's coachman to break Into a gal
lop, and, escorted by the mounted guards
and ¦ a swarm of police on bicycles, he
dashed ahead Into the boulevard, where a
hedge of municipal guards kept tho
crowd In bounds.
GREAT BRITAIN'S OWN FATTT/T.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— Mr. Kruger's tri
umphant passage from Marseilles to Paris
is regarded' with curious and unexpected
indifference in Great Britain. .Every, de
tail of the remarkable ovation has been
read /with Interest, but the underlying
feeling here is more one of amusement
than irritation. The nation that boiled
over with fury when Queen Victoria was j
caricatured by Parisian Journals -takes |
the French homage to' its arch enemy by
an exhibition of Inevitable gaelic enthu
siasm, ;- not -likely ..to affect, international
issues or. create any more serious friction
than :alftpady. exists "among the populace
of the two . countries. r
. The recognition of Mr. Kruger as being
still President of the Transvaal by both
the -French Government and th©' Queen
of 'Holland- calls forth from the West
minster Gazette the remark that this ap
parent unfriendliness Is due to Great
Britain's own fault in hot communicating
to the powers the annexation of the Soutn
African ¦ republics. • So : long ns this Is "not
done Mr. Kruger, j according to this Eng
lish ' authority, ; has a perfect right to be
treated aa a sovereign traveling incognito.
This . failure to notify the powers, the
same ¦ paper declares, ; militates still - more
seriously against Great Britain, for until
this international formality: Is observed
no right exists to treat the inhabitants
of the Boer republic as rebels.
Lady Yarde-Buller Spirited
Away by the "Baron"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Nov. 24.
Lady Leilah Kirkhara-Yarde-Buller has
been spirited away. Her guardian. W. B.
Greenebaum, has been starching for her
for over a week. He believes that she is
in San Francisco and he holds "Baron" A.
A. . Baroteau and Attorney W. H. Chap
man responsible for her disappearance.
Mrs. Lena Peterson, who has been her
Ladyship's nuxte for the past two years,
tells the story of her disappearance. She
says that the "Baron" came to the house
where she and Lady Yarde-Buller have
been staying, on the evening of the 16th
inst. and insisted on seeing her. charge.
She denied him at first but finally gave in
to his Importunities and allowed her Lady
ship to go to the door. That was the last
Mrs. Peterson saw of Lady Yarde-Buller.
She believes that Baroteau took her to
Alameda and then to San Francisco.
Baroteau tried to enlist police aid in
procuring the incompetent s wearing ap
parel and effects yesterday, but the police
told him that they would not interfere un
less there was tome kind of a disturbance.
He then went to Guardian Greenebaum s
office and the two he!d an angry levee
that for a while threatened to end in fisti
cuffs. The "Earon" wanted an order for
her Ladyship's things, but Greenebaum
would not give him one. Baroteau flnahy
left, and appearing before Mrs. Peterson,
by threats managed to get what ne
Greenebaum says that he does not care:
If her Ladyship wishes to reside In San
Francisco he Is perfectly willing, only he
would like to know her "whereabouts He
has to foot the bills and he thinks it
would be just ft« well that he knew what
tho money of the titled lady is being
spent for Greenebaum thinks that Baro
teau is the agent for Attorney W. H.
Chapman.
GUARDIAN LOSES
TRACK OF WARD
¦ . . * ¦
Continued from Page 21.
KRUGER'S WARM
WELCOME IN PARIS
LONDON, Nov. 24.— Lord Woiaeley
Is again reported to be extremely
dissatisfied with the position
which ho holds as commander-ln
chief without any real authority,
and it is said that he will not wait for
Lord Roberts" return, but will retire next
week, in which event his duties as su
preme officer of the British army would
be carried on temporarily by Sir Evelyn
Wood, the adjutant general.
Wolseley, after his retirement, is going
to- raise a tremendous storm in army cir
cles by an exposure of who is responsible
for the blunders of the African campaign.
His friends say all the blame has been
laid on him and he will endure It no long
er. He quits in order, to clear himself. He
may make the exposure i through th-3
newspapers or from his seat In the House
of Lords.
The Liberal newspapers blamed the Sec
retary of StHte for War for British re
verses. He defended himself and by im
plication at least sought to place" the
blame on the commandcr-ln-chlef. "The
Conservative prees followed .the Govern
ment lead'and Wolseley. has. felt thai ho
was being made a scapegoat for the sins
of the War Office. . . . „.. .
The forthcoming promotion of Major
General Lord Kitchener to a lieutenant
generalship elicits trom Charles Williams,
one of the leaders of the war critics, the
bitterest indictment oi that general ever
published In England. He declares that
General Kitchener meditates a reckless
and ruthless extermination of the Boers,
hoping to execute his atrocities amid si
lence like that of the tornb of the Mahdi.
He believes the British officers and men
will not endure this and that Kitchener
will stand revealed to the country an a
scourge Inexorable.
Mr. Williams apologizes to Satan for
mentioning him In the name breath with
Kitchener and maintains that the return
of several general otticers and the removal
of General Kelly-Kenny from Bloemfon
tein contirm the suspicion that they
"would have nothing to do with Kitcn
ener's dirty work."
It Is almost needless to say that this bit
ter attack by no means represents the
average opinion. What exercises Great
Britain more than the progress of the war
in South Africa and Mr. Kruger"s visit to
France is the illness of the Czar.
The possibility of an avowedly anti-
Brltlsh regt-ncy with aggressive proclivi
ties looms up so keenly that It is doubted
if the daily bulletins from Lividla are
awaited any more keenly in Russia than
in Great Britain.
The bitterness with which the London
Times attacks every move made by Wash
ington in Chinese matters seems to In
crease daily, and is all the more surpris
ing on account of the attitude of the Brit
ish Foreign Office. The principles laid
down In feecretary Hay's latest note were
given to a representative of the Associ
ated Press by a British official before the
reception of Mr. Hay's note as voicing the
opinion of the British Cabinet. Yet the
Times comes out to-day with a vigorous
protest against the idea, of Mr. Hay's
principles being considered. . Referring tp
the Cincinnati speech of Wu ling Fang,
the Chinese Minister to the United States,
after saying that his promising the United
States the better commercial chances
when peace was restored, would in some
cases be. resented as an injury, the paper
add?: .. • ,
"Hut Wu Ting Fang seems to have
known his audience. All the comment an
influential American paper makes is that
Wu Ting Fang knows that Americans,
like all others, give their own interests
first. 1 .' ,•
The Times then compares this attitude
with that of LI Hung Chang on his trip
around the world, during which, it is as
serted, he acted on the conviction that
impecunlary self-interest was the sole
guiding princlploof the" peoples and gov
ernments "which- proved unsatisfactory
recipients' of the multitudinous promises
which he failed to redeem."
Secretary Hay is taken severely to task
for daring to differ from the demands as
now formulated.
: . From another source comes, another
striking Impartial confirmation of the
American views. H. J. Whigham, corre
spondent of the Morning Post in China,
cables from Shanghai as follows: .
"The Peking farce continues. When I
left all th6. Tegntlons were trusting Li
Hung Chan^. It was believed that the
court would return to Peking and any at
tempt on the part of the Empress to ar
rest Prince Tuan would be' absurd. Prince
Chang, who was ¦ arrested, is simply
Prince Tuan's scapegoat. * It Is obvious,
therefore," that the court will not return
to Peking. It can only be attacked dur
ing: the winter through the Yangtse VaJ-
COUNTRY CLERK
DIES SUDDENLY
Demise of Leslie Brice to
Be Investigated by
the Authorities.
Leslie Brice. a clerk, a years of age.
from Ferndale. Humboldt County, died
suddenly in the Tosemite House. 1059 Mar
ket street, early last evening. The causa
of his death Is still a mystery, but It 13
supposed to have been produced by
ptomaine poisonins or cerebral conges
tion. The father of the deceased conducts
a livery stable In Ferndale.
Younj; Brice came to San Francisco
three days ago for the purpose ©T wit
nessing a football game. With him were
his brother and several friends. Last
evening the party had dinner at a dairy
kitchen, and during the meal Brice com
plained of a numbness in his right hand.
When he arose from the table he became
extremely ill. His friends took him to
the Baldwin Annex and later removed
him to the Yosemlte House, where he had
taken apartments/ - • .
Drs. Forest, Cook and Lalnt were called,
but within twenty minutes after the boy
had been, taken to his room he expired.
The case may be one of ptomaine poi
soning, but the physicians are of the opin
ion that cerebral hemorrhage was the di
rect cause of death. The young man may
have eaten something which caused a
sickness of the stomach and the exertion,
caused by his vomiting may have rup
tured on© of the blood vessels of the brain.
The body was taken to the Morgue, where
an autopsy performed by Dr. Leland dis
closed the fact that death was probablr
due to cerebral oedema, or rush of blood
from the brain. An Inquest will be held.
The police have concluded that GI1
mondo Bartolomeo. the Italian who was
found dead Friday morning in, Von ITehr
place, was not robbed and have dropped
the case. A watch was found on the dead
man, and this fact, conslderlns that there
is no proof that he was possessed of any
money lust before hl3 death, dissipates
the robbery theory In the minds of tfc©
detectives. They believe that the maa
died of the injuries received in falling
from the car and that he wandered into
the alley while delirious.
Police Scout Bobbery Theory.
LORD WOLSELEY. COMMAN
DER IN CHIEF OF THE BRIT
ISH ARMY.
v .. . - - -..-¦,•.
Friends Say He Will Raise
a Storm in Army
Ulll/lOOt . .
Forthcoming Promotion of General
Kitchener Calls Forth a Bitter
Criticism of His Method\
LORD WOLSELEY
MAY RETIRE IN
A FEW DAYS
By Catolo to Tlie Call.
CRITICISM OF
THE KAISER IN
THE REICHSTAG
His Chinese Policy of the
Last Pew Months Dis-
Kruger Enthusiasm Runs High in
Germany— Favorable ' Comment
on His Frenoh Reoeption.
BERLIN, Nov. 24.-The Reich
stag debates this week on the
Chinese Indemnity bill in
volved a mass of interesting
facts showing conclusively that Em
peror William's . personal China policy
of the last six months is either wholly
or partly disapproved by nearly the en
tire nation, as evidenced by the fact that
every party leader has thus expressed
himself, even the extreme conservatives,
but now the Reichstag, unless it is will
ing to precipitate the gravest kind, of con
flict, which It is not, must needs appro
priate the sum already expended. Another
even more noteworthy fact that the
Reichstag, for the first time since the
empire's creation, indulges In free and
unrestricted criticism of the Emperor's
words and acts, every party sharing
therein without once being interfered with
by the president of the house. This is
regarded by leading parliamentarians as
an important gain for Germany.
Further political development was that
it was remarkable that some of the most
severe criticism of his Majesty's unmeas
ured "troop speeches" came from con
servative speakers. The Relchsbott, which
is en extremely loyal, conservative paper,
once more referring to the "no quarter"
speech and apostrophizing the Emperor
henceforth to mind his words more, say-
Ing he must not forget "that every word
goes into the world and Is subject to the
world's criticism."
Baron Wangenheim's mysterious re
marks on Thursday about "unconstitu
tional Influences working upon the Em
peror, poisoning his mind and destroying
the nation's confidence In the monarch,
are now Interpreted by a number of papers
to mean that Ills Majesty lends his ear
to industrials, commercials and scientists,
which the National Zpltung consider? to
be the best way for his Majesty to learn
the sentiments of the different classes,
and not only those of the nobility and
Agrarian estate holders.
The Liberal press takes Baron von
Wangenheim to task on the subject.
From an authentic source the Associated
Press finds the Reichstag is composed of
the following party representatives: Cen
ter, 106; Socialists, 57; Conservatives. 51;
Nationalists, 51; Freiss»Innige Volks Partel
(Richterists), 27; Freisslnnige Vreigne, 13;
Relchspartei, 21; South German Volks
Partel, 7; anti-Semites, 15; Poles, 14, and
the rest scattering.
The Emperor's address yesterday to the
marine recruits almost exclusively re
ferred to China. He proudly mentioned
the new motto, "Germans to the front,"
adding: "Sly sons there did not break
their oath of obedience swarn to me."
There is a great Kruger enthusiasm
here. The papers are commenting ap
provingly on the Boer statesman's recep
tion in France and arrangements have
been made by the German committee to
send a million postal cards, prettily illus
trated, tendering Mr. Kruger the sym
pathy of the German nation for distribu
tion by the Transvaal Consul General,
Harris, Th»> Vqerwaerts* thereon saya:
"Therein, lies much hypocrisy and na
tional hatred toward England."
The Government cloth works at Hers
feldt are at work day and night manufac
turing gray uniforms for the troops In
China In lieu of the present khaki, which
has turned out to be unsuitable.
With the active Interference of th^
Prussian Minister of Worship. Dr. Studt,
the Rev. Mr. Dickie, pastor of the Ameri
can church here, has finally overcome all
the obstacles by the Cliarlottesburg au
thorities In the way of the erection of a
new American church here. Mr. Dickie will
raise funds after Thanksgiving. Special
Thanksgiving services will be held in lh.»
American church to-morrow '
Andrew D White, the' United States
Embassador. lectured this evening on Tol
stoi before the German Woman's Club.
In the Reichstag to-day Herr Auer, So
cial Democrat, spoke moderately but firm
ly to the interpellation anent the Posa
dowsky-Burk affair. Count von Bulow
replied most briefly, recognizing Herr
Auer's moderatldn. He frankly admitted
lhat the act complained 'of was a blunder
and exonerated Count Posadowskl-Welncr
completely, leaving all the blame on Herr
Woedke, who has been transferred to a
provincial administrative position.
"Will Sail Against Shamrock.
GLASGOW, Nov. : 24.— It is announced
here that Emperor William, of I Germany
has consented that the yacht which
George L. Watson is -buildlng_f or him I be
used as a trial boat with Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock IL • :
Commissioner Wilson 111.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— Commissioner
Wilson of the Internal Revenue Bureau is
ill at his hotel in this city with a compli
cation of bronchial and kidney troubles.
His condition is serious. *; . . ¦
Increase ' in ¦ Imperial - Budget.
BERLIN, : Nov. \ 24.— A .bill iubmitted to
the Reichstag shows "that ' the Imperial
budget for 1901 balances at 2,840,647,801
roarkB, an Increase of -174,803,289 marks
over lsOOL : -....-.:•¦
BERLIN. Nov. 24.— In the Reichstag- to
day, replying to a Socialist Interpellation
regarding the Home Office scandal, v.hcre
Count von Posadowsky-Wehner, Secre
tary of the Interior, was recently charged
with permitting the collecting of. money
from rich manufacturers some time ago
for the furtherance of the anti-strike bill,
the Imperial Chancellor. Count von Bulow,
began by declaring that in spite of as
sertions to the contrary there was ir great
deal of difference between the affair un
der discussion and the Panama scandal,
nor did the Berlin Privy Councilors, In
his opinion, closely resemble member:; of
the Mafia Society. However, he con
tinued, every German Govmnmen; mupt
avoid even the semblance of dependency
on any particular group. Therefore, not
withstanding the good faith in which the
officials concerned acted, he did not hes
itate to describe the course adopted as
being a mistake. This statement' wiled
forth applause. ,'*• .'. ..."
The Chancellor proceeded to say he was
in full agreement with the Secretary of
the Interior, "whose work end character,
in spite of all attacks, I, highly esteem "
He added: "I am of the opinion that
such means should not again be resorted
to. This view, has been made to the de
partment concerned. I will not allow such
matters to have any personal Influence.
The whole manner In which the Leipslc
Volks Zeitung published the matter clear
ly betrayed a design against certain per
sonages and the trend of their 'economic
policy. I condemn suoh Intrigues and shall
not allow my decision to bo in any way
Influenced thereby." *
Honors for Buller.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— General Buller's
homo newspaper, tho North Devon i Her
ald, says Its understands the ereneral will
be mado a peer when the New Year's
honor list Is Issued and that he will as
sume the title of Lord Duller of Lady
smith. :
Porter at Tangier.
TANGIER. Nov. 24.— General Horace
Porter, the United States Embassador to
France, has arrived here. ' It la stated
that his visit Is In connection" with the
settlement of the American claims against
Morocco. ... .:¦-:¦ ¦;,
HAS CONFIDENCE IN
POSADOWSKY-WEHNER
NEWS FROM EUROPEAN CAPITALS
London's Lord Mayor Says
the City Should Wel
come Them.
GREEN'S VIEW
OF AMERICAN
CAPITALISTS
Bound to Improve Business and
Will Eventually Be of Ad
vantage to Both Nations.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
FRANK GREEX, LORD MAYOR
OF LONDON'. WHO FAVORS
AMERICAN ENTERPRISE.
a
22
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
AJ>VEB,TISE3MCENTa
If you are suffering and endangered with disease, or
embarrassed with an unnatural weakness, come to us for
quick relief and a permanent cure. Our institution is the
largest, oldest, best equipped — our methods and remedies
the most successful. Our staff is composed of skilled physi-
cians and surgeons — all specialists 'of wide experience and
natural ability.
Our "Bank Deposit Guarantee" insures the' return ot
money if patients are not satisfied. For full particulars, pri-
vate booklet, etc., call or write. We never administer any-
thing of a dangerous or harmful nature. All our prescrip-
tions are carefully compounded by competent pharmacists
in our own private laboratory, free to patients. No incurable cases taken.
No charge for consultation and advice it office or by mail.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
ELEVATOR I 7Q1 MARKET STREET. I Hour*-8 to 5 bally.
CMTDAWrn /OI c c • Sundavs«-{> to IL
ENTKANC& I ¦ Xf A San Francisco. | Evenings— 7 toi
Mrs. Messer Cured of Catarrh of the
Head and Running Ears.
Mrs. Barbara Messer. Freedom. Pa.,
epeaks as follows of Peruna: "I suffered
from chronic catarrh' of the head for a
number of years— for six weeks had
very bad running ears. I could hardly
hear, and sometimes could not talk.
Life was a burden to me. I took Peruna,
and am now permanently cured of the
catarrh. My head ls perfectly clear, and
I feel as well as I ever did."
MRS. BARBARA MKSSER.
Mrs. L'Hommedieu Cured of a Very
Bad Case of Systemic Catarrh.
Mrs. J. L'Hommedieu, $52 Manhattan
avenue, Brooklyn, N. T., writes: "I was
taken very bad with catarrh. It affected
me all over. My physician treated me
without the least relief. Two bottles of
Peruna cured me."
MR3. J. UHOMMEDIEC.
i Sir's. Woodward Cured cf Catarrh of
iho Lungs by Peruna. ¦ •
Mrs. L. J. Worxlwanl. West Danville.
Vt.. writes: "When I wrote you for
advice I had pain In thr- lun.gs and con-
tinual hoarseness through the winter
months. I Immediately received great
benefit from Peruna."
MRS..L. J. WOODWARD.
Mrs. Parker Cured of Pelvic Catarrh
by Peruna.
Mrs. Rose Parker. Pr^sid^nt William
Downs Woman's Relief Corj>* N'o. 43. also
chaplain Xorth Western Legion of Honor,
writes from 2419 Central avenue, Minne-
apolis, Minn., as follows:
"For several years I suffered with a
severe backache, rvnd constant dragging
pains. Some doctors gave it one name
and some another, but none gave relief.
Several of my friends nrged me to try
Peruna, so I was finally persuaded to
try it and the first bottle brought blessed
relief. I have used it off and on for thr«»e
vears. It keeps me in «Tcc*>nent health,
and I find its occasional use keeps my
system In gootl condition, and prevents
my catching cold."
Mrs. Worrell Cured of Offensive Ca-
tarrh of the Head by Peruna.
Mrs. R. E. Worrell, 102 Orleans street,
East Boston. Mass.. writes:
"Tour great
medicine Peruna ~. •
has cured me of
catarrh. I was C&ftvrft
troubled fir flv» JWTC2k
years with it. ft J3'5^*^£?\ L
cost me a preat f£E&ftP*'^>!v
deal of money gSsP^ g
for doctors. I uSa rss *c8c
read in the pa- *M
pers about Peru- lj^ t j
na, so I thought T§a _r-rj /
I would try It. I i'/''^\ r / "«.
am now on the 'Z/*^. few. -~*\
second bottle. *-^J i ag5nS^^5'teiSSL>
and am entirely Vf^V^gg^^^^
well. Before I .'(^5T«*-.'.,;2ftr\ < « >
used your medl- " »\*r. '**-'%¦- '/ \ . '.«
cine my breath V" /jf \ i /%?
was so offensive Cf J\\ >£'
that I was
ashamed to • _ -_ __
talk to anyone. Mrs. R. E. "Worrell.
Even my own
husband could A v
not stand it. My
handkerchiefs were all destroyed from tn«
catarrh. I would not be -without your
medicine for anything I an entirely
well, and S5JBSl8u£ WORRELL
Address The Peruna Medicine Co.. Co-
lumbu?. Ohio, for a free copy of "Health
and Beauty," written especially for
women.
SOME STARTLING FACTS
WINTER IS JUST BEFORE US,
Biting Winds, Cold
Drizzling Rain s,
Sloppy, Muddy
Streets and Sudden
Changes in the Tem-
perature.
The coming: winter will cause at least
one-half of the women to have catarrh,
colds, coughs, pneumonia or consumption.
Thousands 'of women will lo«o their lives,
and tens. of thousands will acquire some
chronic ailment, from which they will
never recover.
\ Unless you take the necessary. precau-
tions the chances are that you (who read
this) will be one of the unfortunate ones,
little or no risk need bo run If Peruna ls
kept In the house, and at the first ap-
pearance of any symptom taken as di-
rected on the bottle.'
, A cold is tha starting point of more
than half of the fatal illnesses from
November to May.
. A cold is the first chapter in the
history of every case of consumption.
A cold is tho first stagy of chronic
catarrh, the most loathsome and stub-
born of diseases.
A cold is the legitimate parent of a large
family of diseases, such as bronchitis,
pleurisy, pneumonia and quinsy.
To neglect a cold is almost suicide.
To fall to provide ng.aln«st this weil-nlijh
lne\itablo evil ls dangerous negligence.
Peruna ls a safeguard, is a preventive,
a specific; Is a cure for nil cases of ca-
t.-vrrh, acute and«.chronlc, coughs, colds,
consumption, etc. ,- • ;
Read v<hal the women are saying- of
Peruna:
Miss Kahl Curod of Hemorrhages of
the Lungs by Peruna.
Ml?s Caroline J. Kahl, Otlsco, Ind.,
Eayn: "I had hemorrhages of the lungs
nearly every day for a year, and three
bottles of your Poruna cured me. The
doctors eai<l I had consumption. I am
now In hotter health than I have been
for many years."
MISS CAROLINE J. KAHL.
Mrs. Zonk Cured of Chronic Catarrh
of Ten Years' Standing.
Mrs. Mattie Zenk, 83S Forest avenue,
Onk Park, 111., writes: "I suffered for
ten years with chronic catarrh. The
slightest cold made me very sick. I
could not 6peak aloud for three months.
I took Peruna, and am now in perfect
health; am entirely free from catarrh."
MRS. MATTIE ZENK.
"But It was simply a case of try
something or give up entirely, and so
having often seen the Pyramid Pile Cure
advertised I determined to try It. and
tor two years have never ceased to con-
gratulate myself that I did so, for I have
been entirely cured of rectal troubles and
two packages of the Pyramid removed
every trace of piles. This may sound
far-fetched and overdrawn, but it is ab-
solutely true."
The Pyramid Pile Cure contains no
cocaine, opium nor any Injurious drug
whatever and ls absolutely safe, painless
and effective.
: jDrugglstB ertl f nil-sited treatment ' of
tills remedy tor W cents.
Mrs. Aaron Medron of Savannah, Gtu,
writes: ."Ever since the birth of my first
child, elx years ago, I have suffered
greatly from piles and rectal troubles. ,1
could not bring myself to bear the
thoughts of a surgical operation and had
ai-srays been prejudiced against patent
medicines. *
Thousands of pile sufferers bear ¦witness
to the inestimable value of the Pyramid
Pile Cure, and even those who have un-
dergone surgical operations without cure
have been happily surprised by results
from a few weeks' treatment with the
Pyramid.
The relief from pain and ltchlnpr Is al-
most instantaneous and the healing oils
and astringents contained in the remedy
gradually and naturally bring about a
complete cure in any form of piles, ltch-
insr. protruding, internal or bleeding-.
Mr. Archie Blrkett of Ionia, Slich.,
writes: "I was troubled with piles so bad
I had to quit work for awhile. I found
no relief until I tried the Pyramid Pile
Cure. I used only two applications and it
cured me almost Instantly. I can truth-
fully recommend the Pyramid Pile Cure
to any sufferer from piles."
Mr. Edward Dunellen of Wllkesbarre,
Pa., says: "For seven years I was scarce-
ly ever free from the itching torment of
piles. . I had used ointments and salves
without number and oftentimes got re-
lief from them, but It took the Pyramid
Pile Cure to make a complete cure and It
did it thoroughly and for eighteen months
I have not had the slightest trace- of
piles. I feel all the more rejoiced be-
cause some of my friends told me I would
never be cured unless I submitted to sur-
gical operation and this I felt I never
could do."
To the Value of the Pyramid Pil9
Cure.
THOUSANDS BEAR WITNESS.
hf^fffi^S/ >v P^& without the loast^rellet Two bottles ¦
u<~^3&&/ A • >W 5a • HR3. J. L'HOMMEDIEC
ff^MlC/r*?^^^ —^-'vi'^M rs ' 00^ yar^ Cured cf Catarrh*
Waw^&i^iM^W^ iho Lun9s by Peruna -
Ys) (HIC'I 1 ' \J \&'^3>\ !^><Z^fJ *af* Mrs. L. J. Woo.lward. West Danvlll
ifli V©£\ I'-U t 'S^ -^- f wffi Tt " wrltes: "When I wrote you t<
W 1_5h£3h />1***' X.'W-ll I s*£b ar * vlC8 I hac! pain In ttv lur.sja and ccr
/ \\«-vSl\ v^Si 3^^ I !»•¦•¦ tlnual hon.rseness through the wint.
/ Nfc>«k f 14*2 months. I ImmeflJatfly received &re;
i~ / t>\ !k S. / l>eneflt from Peruna."
/ \f P^*^>\ Jt»*^^l MRS..L. J. WOODWARD.
/" / I^^^^Vw Ao^s^i r5 - Parker Cured of Pelvic Catar;
A/ /'^I^^MC( II'V&VVS, Mrs. Rose Parker, Pr^lrlent Wlllla
[\\/S lm§$g£$frv\ 1 ll^ Vk\\ Downs Woman's Relief Corps Xo. 43. al:
/«.'W > t^^^S^'i ' \\ ' U\A chaplain North Western t^^lon of Hone
\\)lfr bWi&*&ini ' \ ' I \\v' writes frr.m 2«9 Central avenue, Minn
Aft H|^ L) \1 apolli. Minn.. a« follows:
7//I \\ bii$M$iJ I <!!& \ \\ "For several years I suffered with
Ci''\i\- r*<&&eax? $ I *2lr I severe backache, .-.nd constant dratcgii
/ IT v\ I'Sw^^* « I II pains. Some doctors gave it one nan
/ I \\\ / "wSsf t£*vhr I and some "another, but none gave rel!e
J I \\\ w ii&if' I j't-^ < Several of my friends urged me to t
V ,W »r,\A\ lLTSaj»8jt5 / I Sill? ' Peruna, so I was finally persuaded
I **st* try it and the first bottle brought bless.
/¦{S^f^^^i ' I relief. I have used it <->fT and on for thr
//iS^^^^v! If I years. It k^f'i>* me in r?c <•¦¦¦!;.< -it heult
iK*^^K?^( | // *<o and I find its occasional use keeps* r
AsX^ii^/Sii I I yJ 1 ** svatem in good condition, an.! prever
JZs^^W^Sml //• 7" i my catchfe » cold -"
i^^^^^Wkll I J Mrs - Worrell Cured of Offensive C
W^m^izP^Mr // I aw/ ' ar/ ' A 0/f fAe //ec</ b y Peruna.
II l» *ffl < R. PI Worrell. 102 Orleans stre.
P^^^wSPjU I JL s£~k!!i I East B° ston - Mass.. writes:
'/ ~ £w&^^-*iSl!l I "Your great
for doctors. I B.|a Sft
Mrs. R. E. Worrell.
Iwatchcsf
I r I
b o y s j
i Any boy buying $4.50 |
I worth of clothing from |
I our boy's clothing de- |
I partment before next 1
I Saturday will receive a i
I fine American, stem- |
I winding watch FREE. |
A Dust proof, nickel case, |
I carved back. |
U These watches will 1
B keep good time for a |
I year and are just the §
a thing for school. |
g OUR 55.00 LONG 1
p PANTS SUITS— A better I
i? suit, for every day wear, was M
Ij never made at this price — h
rt mixed goods (dust proof and R
p wear proof kind) in single- y
h breasted sacks — g
m (Also blue or black Cheviots S
at $ 5. 00 — for Sunday wear.). |
h FOR SMALLER BOYS — |
Vi Two piece suits, knee pants 1
P with double scats and knees — sjj
L Tweeds and Cheviots in dust-
% proof shadings — best, for wear
M we've ever sold —
I $2.35 $ 2 - 8 5 £3-35
fej FOR LITTLE BOYS —
ft Middy suits for little chaps
ft fancy double-breasted vests
R some suits are plaid, some
P plain, some braid trimmed,
J5 some not. ¦ • .
K A big assortment —
1 $2.35 to $8.50
r opp t>owe.i-t^p
ADVERTISEMENTS.PHOENIX. Ariz. TV Nov.J 24.— Word has
been received here that the body of a man
was found ; between Coronado stage; sta
tion and Guthrle, ¦ Ingraham ; County, on
Monday- laat.-- It was- decomposed aifd
could not be identified. A bullet-hole was
found In the ? clothing ' and through ¦ the
hip. , -The • corpse was . dressed in hob
nailed shoes, overalls, sweater and
blouse, and; it is the belief of the officers
that the dead man was "a member of the
gang; that killed McGeehan and McBride
six weeks ago near, where the corpse waa
found. One member of this gang was
sentenced -a few days ago to twenty
years' Imprisonment, ,. and another is
known to be at large in New ' - Mexico.
If this theory. Is not correct, 'a 'murder
has been committed of which • there < has
been no previous knowledge.
Decomposed ? Body Found.
The ultimate facts alleged in the complaint
herein, upon which the State seeks to recover
the sum of $6035 from the. county, stands ad
mitted by the defendant upon demurrer. The
only liability which the county could Incur for
the maintenance of persons committed to the
California Home for the Care and .Training of
Feeble-Minded Children would arise from the
order made by the Superior Judge of defendant
county, who commit* the person thereto, se
curing the payment by the county to the State
Treasurer of the sum of $10 monthly for the
support of each inmate. It is not alleged in
the complaint that any such order . or orders
were made, therefore the complaint states no
cause of action against the - defendant. The
demurrer is sustained and It Is so ordered. ••
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 24.— Judge Dougher
ty of the Superior Court to-day handed
down his decision in the suit brought by
the State of California, through Controller
E. P. Colgan, against the County of So
noma, a municipal corporation, to com
pel the county to pay $10 a month for the
maintenance of each patient sent to the
California Home for Feeble-Minded at
Glen Ellen. Judge Dougherty's decision
is brief, and Is as follows:
This afternoon Attorney T. J. Butt3
made the opening argument for the plain
tiff and was followed by William, A
Beatty, who represents the defense. 'The
court took the case under advisement.
STATE'S SUIT AGAINST A
SONOMA COUNTY LOST
T. Z. Blakeman, an attorney of San
Francisco, who has represented Mra.
Bell in a number of lepral matters, was
a witness, and the fact of his being armed
with a letter book containing a press copy
of the alleged destroyed letter might have
influenced the defense in producing the
original copy. Mr. Blakeman said that
last/ May Senator Ashe had offered S600
as a part payment of the rent. He also
told of a conversation he had with tne
principal defendant Just before the pres
ent suit was brought, in which the Sena
tor wanted more time to pay the rental
as he expected money ' from an orange
grove. . '
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 24.— The suit of
Mrs. Theresa Bell against State Senator
R. Porter Ashe et al. for rental of the
Rulnart Stock Farm was resumed in
Judge Burnett's department of the Su
perior Court this morning. A letter writ
ten by the plaintiff to the Senator, which
was alleged at the previous hearing to
have been destroyed, was Introduced. It
was written In July, 1899, by Mrs. Beil.
who inclosed a copy of the lease and said
that she would adhere to the agreement
originally made.
l^Trs. Bell Scores a Point by Causing
the Introduction of This
Document.
SENATOR ASH©- PRODUCES
AN IMPORTANT LETTER
knocked senseless by a blow from a club.
The Injured woman was carried to the
Sorres hou^e and medical aid was sum
moned. It was found that the sharp
horns of the animal had torn her
body, inflicting serious injuries, which will
prevent her removal for some time.
Some ranch employes who had witnessed
the attack armed themselves with pieces
of fencing and attempted to drive on* the
bull, which had the woman pinned to the
ground and was viciously attempting to
gore her. Charging his assailants, the
animal became mired in a ditch and was
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 24.— Seeing her
child pursued by a maddened bull, Annie
Fezzlo, a young Portuguese woman,
placed herself between the vicious bruta
and its little victim this afternoon and
was nearly killed by the infuriated ani
mal. The woman was picking mushrooms
on tbe Sorres ranch near Greenbrae and
had not noticed the animal, whose vicious
temper had caused his owner to separate
him from the herd. On entering the field
¦wnere the bull was confined she was
Joined by her little daughter. I They sepa
rated to work the field and the little cnild
wandeied close to where the bull wa8
grazing.
As Boon as the bull saw the child he
charged toward her. Dropping her basket
she ran screaming toward her mother.
¦\Vhen Mrs. Fezzio realized the child's
danger all thought of self was forgotten
in a mother's love and she raced toward
the fleeing little one. Grasping it just
in time to save it from the bull, she
thr^w it to one side and received the
horns of the animal In her own body.
Mother Throws Herself Before the Infuriated Animal and
Is -Seriously Gored.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAVES HER LITTLE GIRL
FROM A MADDENED BULL
MRS. HEBERT INSTITUTES
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS
Extreme Cruelty Alleged by the Wife
of the Aged^San Jose
Capitalist.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 24.— Capitalist Joseph
W\ Hebert. who was charged with bat;
tery by his wife yesterday. Is a defend
ant in a divorce Buit filed this afternoon
by Mrs. Eliza Hebert. The charge Is ex
treme cruelty, which it is alleged has ex
tended over a period of twenty years.
Mrs. Hebert declares in her complaint
that Hebert's property will exceed J50.00U
In value. Of this she wants one-half and
$150 a month alimony pending the outcome
of the suit. The custody of the three
children is asked for. Beside the chok
ing she received yesterday at the hands
of her husband, instances of cruel treat
ment and the application of vile epithets
to her are cited. .
Hebert is 64 years of age,. and his wife
eight years his Junior. An order restrain
ing him from disposing of his property
has been secured. A. H. Jarman is attor
ney for Mrs. Hebert.
Hebert, who succeeded in dodging the
battery warrant yesterday/afternoon, sur
rendered himself to Justice Wallace to
day and gave $3000 bonds for his appear
ance in court and to keep the peace.
?
Found Dead in a Stable.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 24.— The body of a man
known as "French Frank," who did odd
Jobs for a living, was found in a stable
loft back of a bakery to-day. A bottle
¦with traces of morphine was at its side.
The Coroner's Jury could not determine
whether It was, a case- of suicide or acci
dental poisonljfe.
Surf Line Repaired.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 24.— The Surf line
division of the Santa Fe road, which was
badly damaged by the recent storm, has
been repaired. A train will leave for San
Diego at 8:45 to-morrow morning.
the election in the Second Supervisorial
District, Solano County, gave Flemlr.s
(D.) 628 votes and Elmqulst (R- > 624—Flem
ing's majority. 4. The. unsuccessful can
didate Is preparing to contest the election.
LAWMAKERS IN
CONFERENCE AT
STATE CAPITAL
Discuss Plans tor Improve
\ ment ol the Sacra-,
mento Valley. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 24.— At the Sutter
Club a banquet was tendered to-nlrrht by
the Sacramento Valley Development As
sociation to the California representatives
inCongress and the members of the Leg
islature whose districts are embraced. in
the scope of the Valley Association. The
affair was marked by the utmost socia
bility and the spread was one of the most
elaborate given In this city since the
memorable banquet to the Supreme Jus
tices a few years ago. Among those at the
table were Lieutenant Governor Jacob
Neff, United States Senator Qeorgo C.
Perkins, Congressmen-elect Franks I*
Coombs and Sam D. Woods, Chief Justice
M H Beatty, Secretary of State Charles
F * Curry, State Senators William M. Cut
te'r J W. Goad, J. J. Luchsinger, Frank
W 'Leavitt and Rotert T. Devnn, Assem
blymen Alden Anderson, Lawrence Schll
liir Grove L. Johnson, Louli F. Reeber
and W. M. Greer, Postmaster J. O. Cole
man Colonel W. H. Heuer. U. S. A., and
¦ Will S Green, president of the Develop
1 ment Association. . Many addresses of a
happy nature were made by the ban-
The dinner to-night was the climax of
the serious business transacted at. the con
ference this afternoon. In his ? opening
address at the conference President Green
referred to what had been accomplished In
the way of surveys preliminary to Irriga
tion work In connection with the Califor
nia Water and Forest Association. It was
not unlikely, he said, that legislation
would be asked for In the matter of forest
The valley, he added, had not
made the most of Its opportunities and it
bhould not content Itself with the mere
growing of wheat.
Chief Justice Beatty followed with an
exposition of the purpose of the California
Water and Forest Association.
Congressman-elect S. D. -Woods of
Stockton asked what the people of the
valley desired In the way ot appropria
tions for improving the Sacramento River
and for the Yuba impounding dam.
Colonel Heuer said that the Upper Sacra
mento needed no appropriation, the engi
neers having sufficient money at their dis
posal to carry on projected work to tide
water.
It was agreed by the conference that'the
California Congressmen should ask for a
clause In the river and harbor bill author
izing the engineers to use the money ap
propriated-for the Lower Sacramento on
any portion of the river desired.. It was
also decided that $300,000 more was needed
for dams ; to Impound mining debris. It
was pointed out that the' delay In startlns
the impounding works already autl-ortzed
was due to the difficulty In securing the
proper title to the lands upon which It Is
proposed to ereel tbe works. -.
Fleming Defeats Elmqulst-
SUISUN, Nov. 24.— The , official count of
VALLEJO, Nov. 24.— Rear Admiral
Bradford, accompanied by Rear Admiral
Woods (retired), visited Mare Island to
day in his official capacity as Chief of the
Bureau of Navigation. Admiral Brad
ford is on Inspection duty on < this coa&t
and 'Came up from San Francisco on the
morning train. He was entertained while
at the island by Admiral Miller," com
mandant of the station, who, with his aid
Lieutenant Commander Frehteler, and
Commander Phelps. met the "dlstinguishei
officer at the landing. , . -
Bradford Visits Mare Island.
PETALUMA. Nov. 24.-Miss Genevieve
McBrown, a local society leader, will to
morrow wed William Beggs, a young bus'
ness man of San Francisco. The wedding
will be solemnized at 1 o'clock In the aftef
noon at the home of the bride's mother.
Mrs C. McBrown. It will be almost en
tirely a family affair. Rev. John Part
ridge of the Episcopal Church, will con
duct the services.
The bride-to-be Is a handsome brunette
and has filled a high place in Petaluma
society. She was reared from childhood
in this city. The groom also was reared
and educated here. He now holds a posi
tion with Field & Stone, commission men
of San Francisco. After the ceremony to
morrow a dinner will be served and -the
couple will receive their friends. They
will leave on the afternoon train for a
brief honeymoon and will then make their
home in San Francisco.
WINS A PETAXTJJOA MISS.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 24.— The police are
searching for Harry Armstrong, a baker,
who is charged with having robbed sev
eral fellow-workmen at th© New York
bakery. The man came to San Jose a
week ago and obtained employment.
He occupied sleeping apartments with the
others over the bakery. Last night after
the men retired Armstrong is alleged to
have rifled their pockets. From A. Brug
ger he secured a watch and $12 in money:
from another he selected a suit of cloth
ing, and a third lost a pair of ehoea. Arm-
Strong then dressed himself* in the gar
ments and departed, leaving his old ones
In their place.
The front door has a bell that rings
¦when any one enters or departs, and In
order to prevent this awakening the peo
ple In the house Armstrong made a rope
by cutting and tying the sheets of his
bed together and thus escaping into the
rear yard. One end was made fast to the
twKiEte&d. Down this improvised rope he
went hand over hand.
Armstrong Is believed to have gone to
San Francisco, and the police there have
been asked to apprehend him.
Police of San Jose Searching for
Harry Armstrong.
ROBS/ FELLOW EMPLOYES.
Washington: Original— Francis M. Re$'
nolds, Milan. $8.
Congressman Needham to-day appeared
before the River and Harbor Committee
to urge an appropriation of $238,000 recom
ommended by engineers for the Improve
ment of San Diego harbor. He is confi
dent that during the coming: session this
work will be provided for by the appro
priation of the full amount or by putting
It under a continuing contract system.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes- and list of Pen
sions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 24.-Postofflce dis
continued: California— Matthews, Siski
you County. Mail should be send to Cecil
vllle. Postmaster commissioned: Wash
ington—Charles F. Plckard. Clyde. Post
master appointed: California— M, L. Por
ter, Shorb, Los Angeles County, vice J
W. Wallace, relieved.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California — Original: Wesley Snyder
Lumpkin. $8; Thomas P. Kennedy, Knob
J6; Charles Marcus, Ferndale, $10; Abra
ham McMahon, San Jose, $12. Restoration
and reissue— George Marshall, dead, Men
docino, $12. Original widows— Minor of
William H. Lamme, San Francisco, $10-
Sara N. Marshall. Mendocino. $8. Mexican
War survivors— Increase — George Moor»
Placervllle, $12.
Oregon: Increase— Joseph Wolford. Port
land. $12.
KESWICK. Nov. 24.— Great deposits of
bitumen, indicating the near presence of
petroleum, were discovered near Kes
wick yesterday. Charles W. Pope of San
Francisco and W. W. Shattuck and
Charles Thompson of this place went out
on the sand fiats region six miles east of
Keswick to look at some oil claims the
latter had located a few months ago. A
hundred acres or more of black float had
frequently been passed over by Keswick
citizens as worthless slate. Mr. Pope
examined it and tried it with a flame.
He declared it to be pure bitumen.
As bitumen is a geological transforma
tion of petroleum, the discovery indicates
that this is an oil district. Keswick par
ties have located almost 3000 acres in the.
eand flat region and a meeting was held
by all claimants last night to effect a
union of interests and the organization of
a stock company that shall fully prospect
the sand flats.
Indicates the Near Presence of Pe
troleum, and Claims Are Being
Staked.
GREAT DEPOSITS OF
BITUMEN NEAR KESWICK
B— — ATH, Me., Nov. 24.— The United
States monitor Nevada, In ton
nage the largest Government ves-
„ sel ever built by the Bath Iron
Works, was launched to-day. The
proceeding was witnessed by a large num
ber of people, the size of the vessel and
her unique character having attracted
wide interest. The vessel was released
and started down the ways in a novel
manner by Miss Annie C. Boutelle, young
est daughter of Congressman Charles A.
Boutelle, who christened her. The hull,
held in place until the last moment by a
careful adjustment o*f the shoring and a.
strong cable, was set free by severing the-
The Nevada is one of four sister ships
now under construction in American
yards. She is a single-turret monitor, de
signed expressly for harbor defense. The
dimensions are as follows: Length 252
feet, beam 50 feet, draft 12 feet 6 Inches,
displacement 3234 tons. Her contract
speed is required to be 11.5 knots. Her
batteries will consist of two 12-inch
breech-loading rifles, four 4-inch rapid
firing guns, three 6-pounders and four
1-pounders. The Nevada Is about 75 per
cent completed.
rope at the proper moment. Miss Bou
telle used a silver hatchet provided by the
builders. As the monitor started down
the ways Miss Boutelle dashed a bottle
of American champagne across the bow
and christened the vessel "Nevada."
Lieutenant Arnold's wife arrived to
night from Portland. She was met at the
train by Naval Constructor Hibbs and L..
Lovejoy of this city. Mrs. Arnold is
loth to believe that her husband has
met serious mishap, though she is at a
loss to account for his sudden disappear
ance. She is prostrated by the news.
Lieutenant Arnold has been in the
T'nitod States navy for fifteen yearB, and
for the past eight years has been a lieu
tenant. He returned from Japan during
the lattor part of the summer and waB
for a time engaged In making inspection
tests of Government vessels built by Pa
cific Coast contractors. He Inspected the
torpedo-boat Goldsborough on her recent
trial trip less than three weeks ago.
He came to Puget Sound for the pur
pose of inspecting the battleship Wiscon
sin, now in the drydock at Port Orchard.
It is understood that it was the depart
ment's intention to assign him perma
nently to the Bremerton station within
the next ten days as engineer In chief.
cers this morning that her husband was
supposed to be at Bremerton, the site of
the Puget Sound station, and communica
tion with the station quickly brought
Commandant W. T. Burwell to this city.
The Pullman porter meanwhile had^notl
ned his conductor of the strange-actions
of Arnold, and the affair had been com
municated to the local railway officials.
To those who have investigated the dis
appearance the circumstances all point to
accidental drowning by fulling through
one of the many treacherous holes An the
planking wkh which Railroad avenue in
the vicinity of where the sleeping car was
standing is iilled. The one circumstance
which in a measure upsets the theory is
the finding of the coat, cap, scarf and shoe
at the foot of Spring street, in a manner
indicating that the articles were deliber
ately placed in the position in which they
were found.
Within fifty yards of where the sleep
ing-car was standing on the side track is
a trap In the planklfig. which is used for
dumping refuse from the dining cars of
both the Northern Pacific and Great
Northern railways. The trap is of suffi
cient dimensions to permit the passage of
a man's body. Twenty yards further on,
in a northeasterly direction from this trap
and near where the clothing was discov
ered, is an open hole directly to the tide
flats below. At Hood tide it is estimated
ten feet of water covers the fiats.
1 he Chief of Police of Portland took
up the case, and this morning located
Mrs. Arnold. She notified the local offi-
Early yesterday morning the attention
cf a waterfront policeman was directed
to tome clothing hanglns: from a beam
at the end of the dock off Spring street,
Tour blocks from the station. The police
man obtained the clothing, which con
eisted of a cap, coat, scarf and one shoe.
Ineide the collar of the coat was the
makers" label, Kramer & Kramer of
Portland, and the name, S. Arnold.
Kramer & Kramer were communicated
¦with, and replied that they had made the
garment for S. Arnold, who represented
himself to them to be an officers of the
navy-
Lieutenant Arnold recently returned
from eervice in the Orient, spent a few
days in Portland, or., with his wife and
¦was then ordered to the Puget Sound na
val station, \siere he arrived about ten
days aco. leaving Mrs. Arnold in Port
land- Oa Thursday last he left the sta
-Jon, coming to Seattle, where he intended
to tulie the train for Tacoma, under or
ders to inspect some material at the latter
city destined for use at the station.
Th« last se«n of Arnold was at 11 o'clock
Thursday night, when he went to toard
the train at the station on the water
front. At the train he was rnei by a
Pullman porter named Flowers, v.ho no
ticed that he was in a somewhat dazed
condition. Arnold gave the porter a small
grip and a S3 blll.^iskir.g h:m to engage
a Pullman berth. Flowers put th« grip
into the car and went to the ticket olfice
t3 er.Kagv the berth. Returning he found
that his passenger had disappeared. He
looked about for him, but the train was
Just about to leave, so the left he grip
¦with the ticket agent and the train pulled
out without Arnold.
SEATTLE. Nov. 24.-L!eutenant Solon
Arnold of the United States navy has
dropped out of sight as completely as
though the earth or sea had swallowed
him. The only theory thus far evolved by
the police and naval officers who have
been searching for him since yesterday is
that he dropped off the docks on the Se
attle \rater front and was drowned.
Solon Arnold Drops Out pf Sight at Seattle
and Is Believed to Have
Perished.
Several of His Garments Found on a Water-
Front Dock Indicate Death by
Drowning.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
DISAPPEARANCE OF
NAVAL LIEUTENANT
After the jury had retired Attorney Nut
ter, .for the defense, made exception to
the instructions supplied by the District
Attorney and to those Riven by the court
of Its own volition. Judge Jones then
ordered the defendant into the custody of
the Sheriff, to which Attorney Nutter
made another exception. .
If you find that Marttn assaulted Williams
by striking him, whether you llnd that Williams
first called Martin a vile name or that Martin
called Williams a vile name, then Martin was
the aggressor. A man assaulted may stand his
ground, even thoueh it be possible for him
to escape by night, and in so standing his
ground he may repel violence with violence,
even thoueh he slay his assailant.
If you find that the Stockton Hot Mineral
Paths was on the night of the shootlne of
Marttn a public resort and that the defendant
had a perfect right to be there,, and that while
thf-re exercising that right he was assaulted
by the deceased and In such a manner that as
a reasonable man he thought that Martin was
about to kill him, he, the defendant, had the
right, acting under such fears and these alone,
to kill Martin, and the court so Instructs you.
STOCKTON. Nov. 24.— Captain \A- F.
Williams was to-night found guilty of
manslaughter for the killing of Conductor
William Martin of Oakland in this city
last August. The Jury went out at 1:30
o'clock in the afternoon and returned at
10 o'clock to-night. On the first three
ballots It stood eight guilty to four not
guilty. After long discussions and about
a dozen ballots a compromise was reached
on manslaughter. Two of the Jurors fav
ored hanging and held out a long time be
fore compromising. Williams was ordered
into custody and will be sentenced a week
from Monaay. The penalty for man
slaughter is not to exceed ten years' im
prisonment.
At 1 o'clock this afternoon Judge Jones
read his instructions to the jury. The
courtroom was overcrowded with specta
tors long before the time set for court to
be called. The defendant occupied a chair
between his wife and his mother, near the
rail. He was wonderfully cool and col
lected, but appeared to be less robust than
on the first day of the trial. When the
Judge took his position on the bench the
defendant came forward and took a seat
between his attorneys, John Budd and W.
B. Nutter. District Attorney Ashley was
present as the representative of the peo
ple. After the roll of the Jury had been
called Judge Jones read his instructions.
Pre-eminent In the instructions were these
passages:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Men Hold Out for Hanging.
but After Much Discussion
a Compromise . Is
Beached.
MANY FUTILE BALLOTS TAKEN
Findings 61-tbe Jury Against
Conductor Martin's
Slayer/
MANSLAUGHTER
THE YERDICT IN
WILLIAM CASE
LAUNCHING OF NEW
MONITOR NEVADA
Christened With American Champagne' by
Congressman Boutelle's Daughter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
MISS ANNIE C. BOUTELL.E, THE YOUNGEST DAUGHTER OF CON
GRESSMAN BODTELLE, WHO CHRISTENED THE NEW MONITOR
NEVADA AT BATH. ME., YESTERDAY.
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Country erders solicited. Send for
illustrated catalogue.
10 THIRD ST. San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
Party and Dress Footwear.
On the threshold of the social
season we make you* this remark-
able offer: Ladies' one-strap
Kid Sandal, in pink, blue, red and
bronze, with bow and ornament
to match; sizes fa 4 /% j-
3 to 7Vj; widths V! "Ik
A to D, reduced _fl I , / J
to - • 'fc' ¦
Ladles* Velour Calf Shoes, are
stylish and up-to-date In appear-
ance: soft and pliable to the foot
and will outwear many a higher
priced shoe. "We mention 2 styles.
LACE SHOES, wtrh circular
vamps, heel foxing:, coin toe, with
diamond tips.
BUTTON SHOES, wkh straight
vamps— coin toe and straight tips.
These shoes have heavy
double soles and GUARANTEED
WATERPROOF; A /> f\f\
sizes 2% to 9: V I I S U
?ri d c t^... A ...*. <> ... E^:..OZ-UU
SHOES
$2.00
THE VERY BEST
A ' Ladies' Laxative—^Dr. ; Pierce's -.Pleas-
ant Pellets. One, single, small pellet is m
laxative dose.* '
lf$ AN p^
ill oimUnll
Thinks the vife, to have the wedding ring
•lip from the finger. "Something is going
to happen."
Something- is happening. That ring
could hardly be pulled from" the finger
when it was put there a few years ago.
Now it slips off by its own weight How
thin the fingers have grown I And the
fingers don't grow thin alone. How thin
the face is and how thin the once plump
form. Almost unconsciously the wife
has been fading- and wasting away. The
etrengtn given to children has never been
regained. Drains which should have been
stopped have been neglected "¦ . .
Tbaf is a common experience with
women, unless some friend has shared
with them the secret of the strengthening
and healing power of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription. It regulates • the periods,
dries the drains which undermine the
strength, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion, and cures female weakness. It makes
the baby's advent practically painless and
gives vigor and vitality to nursing mothers.
« Words cannot tell how grateful I am for
your kind advice and good medicines," writes
Mrs. John Coolce, of Hastings, Northumberland
Co., Ontario.* " I have beeh in poor health for
four years back and this spring got so bad I
could sot do my work. I went to the doctor and
he said I had ulceration and . falling ; of the
internal organs, but thought I would try your
'Favorite Prescription.' I took five bottles and
three of the ' Golden Medical Discovery * and
one Vial of Dr. Pierce's Pellets, and I can safely
•ay that I never felt better in my life."
Powders, lotions, salves, sprays and In-
halers cannot really cure Catarrh, because
this disease is a blood disease, and local
applications, if they accompHsh anything
at all. simply give transient relief.
The catarrhal poison is in the blood and
the mucous membrane" of the nose, throat
and trachea tries to relieve the system by
secreting large quantities of mucus, the
discharge sometimes closing up the nos-
trils dropping into the throat., causing
deafness by closing the Eustachlan tubes,
and after a time causing catarrh of stom-
ach or serious throat and lung troubles.
A remedy to really cure catarrh must be
an Internal remedy which will , cleanse
the blood from catarrhal poison and re-
move the fever and congestion from the
mucous membrane.
The best" and most modern remedies for
this purpose are antiseptics scientifically
known as Eucalyptol, Gualacol. San-
guinarla and Hydrastfn. and while each
of these have been successfully used sep-
arately, yet It has been difficult to get
them all combined in one palatable, con-
venient and efficient form.
The manufacturers of the new catarrh
cure Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, have suc-
ceeded admirably In accomplishing this
result. They are large, pleasant . tasting
lozenges, to be dissolved in the mouth,
thus reaching every part of the mucous
membrane of the throat and finally the
stomach. . .*
Unlike many catarrh remedies. Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets contain no cocaine, opiate
or any Injurious drug whatever and are
equally beneficial for little children and
adults] "• .
Mr. C. R. Rembrandt : of Rochester. N.
Y., says:" "I know of few people who have
suffered as much as I from Catarrh/ or
the head, throat and stomach. I used
sprays/inhalers and powders for months
at a time with only slight relief and had
no hope of cure. I had not the means to
make a change of climate, which seemed
my only char.ee of cure. . . >
, "Last spring I read an account of some
rerr-arkable cures made by Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets and promptly bought a fifty-
cent box from my 'druggist and obtained
buch positive benefit from that one pack-
age that •• I - continued to ; use them : dally
until I now. consider myself entirely free
from the disgusting annoyance of catarrh;
my head 's clear, my digestion all I could
ask and my hearing, which had begun to
fail as a result of the catarrh, has greatly
improved, : until I feel I can hear as well
as ever. .They are a household necessity
In my family."
. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold, by
druggists at 60. cents for complete treat-
ment, and ¦¦ for - convenience.- safety and
prompt results i they ar« undoubtedly the
.JLons looked for catarrh cure.
Every Sufferer From Catarrh Knows
That Salves, Lotions, Washes,
Sprays and Douches Do
Not Cure.
NO ARGUMENT NEEDED.
water often during the day and obliges
you- to get up many times during the
night. Unhealthy kidneys cause rheuma-
tism, gravel, catarrh of the oladder. parn
or dull ache In the back, joints and mus-
cles; makes your head ache and baelc
ache, causes Indigestion, stomach and
liver trouble; you get a sallow, yellow-
complexion, makes you ffe\ as though you
had heart trouble: you may have plenty
of ambition, but no strength: get weak
and waste away.
The cure for these troubles Is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the world-famous kid-
ney remedy.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford natu*
ral help to nature, for Swamp-Root Is the
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the
kidneys that Is known to medical science.
If your water, when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours, forms a sediment or set-
tling, or has a cloudy or milky appear
ance; If there is a brick-dust settling, or
If small particles float about in it, you?
kidneys and bladder are in need of imme-
diate attention.
The great kidney remedy. Swamp-Root,
is pleasant to take. 13 used in the leading
hospitals, recommended by physicians m
their private practice, and is taken by
doctors themselves who have kidney ail-
ments, because they recognize In it th«
greatest and most successful remedy for
kidney, liver and bladder troubles.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so many
ways, and has proved so successful in
every case, that a special arrangement
has been made by which all readers o*
The Call who have not already tried it
may have a sample bottle sent absolutely
free by mall. Also a book telling more
about Swamp-Root and containing som»
of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from men and wo-
men who owe their good health — in fact,
their very lives, to the wonderful curative
properties of Swamp-Root. Be sure and
mention The San Francisco Sunday Call
when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton. X. Y. , „
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what you need, you caa
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
dollar size bottles at the drug stores ev-
erywhere.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood-
that Is their work.
So when your kidneys are weak or oul
of order you can understand how quickiy
your entire body Is affected ajid how ev-
ery orgran seems to fail to «lo Its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly." beRin
taking the great kidney remedy. Dr. KU
mer's Swamp-Root. D^cause as soon as
your kidneys are well tney will help aii
the other organs to health. A trial wttl
convince anyone.
Women suffer as much from kidney and
bladder troubles as men do. which fact Is
often lost sight of. Many times when the
doctor's services are sought he quickiy
comes to the conclusion that hers Is an-
other case of female weakness or womb
trouble of some sort.
Many of the so-called female complainta
are nothlnp else but kidney trouble, or
the result of kidney or bladder disease.
Amoupr th<» many famous lnvestleated cures
of Pwamn-Hcot, the one which we publish
tn-day for the benefit of our readers speaks in
the highest tprms of the wonderful curative
properties of this preat kidney remedy.
Mrs. H. N. Wheeler of 117 Hi*h Rock St..
Lynn. Man, writes: "About 18 months Ago I
had a very sever? i«r>ell of sickness. 1 was ex-
tremely sick for three weeks, and when I
finally vran aMe to lfave my bed I was left
with excructrUlnR pains In my back. My water
at times locked very Ilk- coffee. I could pass
hut little at a time, and then only after Buf-
fering Kreat pain. My physical condition was
such that I had *no strrnzth and was all run
down. The doctors ?ald my kidneys were not
affected, b'jt 1 felt certain that they were
the cau«e of my trouble. My sister, Mrs. C.
E. Ltttlcfleld. of Lynn advised me to give Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial. I procured a
bottle and inside of three days commenced to
Ret relief. I followed up that bottle with an-
other and at the completion of this one found
I was completely cured. My strength returned.
an-1 to-day I am as well as ever. My business
Is that of canvasser. I am on my feet a
great deal of the time and have to use much
energy 1" getting around. My cure Is, there-
fore all the more remarkable, and Is exceed-
in** rratifylnr to^me."^
If kidney trouble Is permitted to con-
tinue, much suffering with fatal results
Is sure to follow. Kidney trouble Irritates
the nerves, make? you dizzy, restless,
sleepless and Irritable. Makes you pass.
10 Third St.. San Francisco.
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
RA DW AX'S READY EELU^' has stood
unrivaled before toe public for 60 years as «
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures -all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
f (ir Malaria and all Bowel Falxu. All drttf g1*U,
To Prove'what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Rem-
edy, will do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Calf
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by flail.
Thousands of Wonm Have Kidrey Trcubh ard Never Subset It.
KIDNEY TROUBLE
PREYS UPON THE MIND.
Women as Well as Men Suffer and Are 'Made Miserable
by Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
DB. KTLMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
I iliil I 1 flflifi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, \ " locomobile 9 \
\ Company of j
| the Pacific ] \
\ ••• del I ••• •
"£ocomobiles" \
Jteres One, |
IT'S A 6TTRREY AXT> CAR-
RIKS FOUR PEOPLE.
Jtere Js Anot h en
n This Is a runabout: Is con-
H verdent for business or pleasure. K[
9 Thee* machines are not expen- &
fi elve -when their utility Is con- S
pi eldered. They can be seen in all
m etyles at the below stations and |
13 are always ready for prompt do- S
hi livery in guaranteed condition. js
SI Address for catalogue or In- £a
fg formation THE H|
I "Aocomobde" I
I Company oft
I the Pacific, 1
If 1255 Market St., San Francisco. X
l| 103 S. Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal. I
B 106 Telegraph Atc, Oakland P Cal. H
i&USEUH OF INATOMY
A Q| un»ujxxrcr.tate4*7ii.a.rcii.
\ Ef The L*ye»tAnatMBte*l Museum » the
A -irirfVw World Weiinetf m or »ar conn-acted
%rwl di»ette»«^ltl»eiyciiredhjrtheolds»t
W JCSJlSI bpccuilacbtbcCout E*L#ytuu
f fl3c?8 DR. JOaDAH-PRnrilTE DISEASES
J> 3 (tVTS B CoB«uK**fcm fre* »ikI itriet<T prirxte.
a I Jxr<& ft In io«rnt personally or by tetter. A
\ a W Tlfl ****** CWfiBrt«7caieuiiden»ken.
ttJrS lift WrttcforEoGk.FEtLOftOraYcf
% & 11 MAMKIACK. MAILBO **XS. J A
A d> it n>aaMc book far mm)
V BaABDlK A CO, M61 Market St. . 8. F.
Price 25 cents. Al^drugsista. or cent post
tS&SP.IP&I* ot P rf ce. DR. PAUL DB
I'ORD. 175 N. Bprlcg sL, Los Angeles, CalStanley is making a study of the subject
of capital punishment with a -view ,' or
recommending Its restoration In this State
In his forthcoming message., to the next
Legislature.
There are now in the penitentiary forty
prisoners under sentence of doath, which
in Kansas now Is life imprisonment. . ¦¦¦'¦
¦ "The matter presents Itself to me In
this way," said the Governor to-day, f'lf
capital punishment tends to lessen mob
violence, then it Is . worthy of considera
tion.
"On the other hand. If the . statistics
which I am collecting should show that
examples of mob law and executions by
mobs in States where capital .punishment
exists are prevalent, the system will 'not
commend Itself .to my consideration, so
far as recommendations to* the Legisla
ture Is concerned."
Surprised by Parishioners.
-PETAL.TJMA, Nov. it-Rev, and Mrs.
F. A. Houston of the First . Baptist
Church in this city last evening celebrated
their 'twentieth wedding anniversary. A
body of friends tendered them a surprise
and spent a social evening at 'the pasto
r-ate.'.Among-the numerous presents' was
a handsome 103-piece china set, a gift
from the church. Rev. and Mrs. Houston
were married at Foxcroft, Maine, In 18S0.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 24.— Governor
MAKING A STUDY OF. -. V-V
' . CAPITAL ; PUNISHMENT
The Market Street Railway Company
announces that, commencing to-morrow,
a new transfer schedule will go Into ef
fect on the Howard-street line between
Twenty-sixth and Mission and Fifth and
Market streets via Twenty-sixth, Howard
and Fifth. The new rule will be: In
bour.d cars at Tenth and Howard streets
to north-bound Montgomery and Tenth
cars: Fifth and Mission streets to all in
bound cars on Mission; Fifth.and Market
streets to Pcwell cars. Transfers will
nlso | be issued to \ Market-street cars in
both directions to passengers who board
cars at Fifth and pay cash fare; at Tenth
and Howard streets to north-bound Mont
gomery and Tenth cars; at Twenty-fourth
and Howard streets to east-bound Twen
ty-fourth: at Twenty-sixth and Mission
streets 'to 'all cars out Mission. In-bound
cars will accept transfers at Twenty-sixth
and Mission streets from in-bound cars on
Mission; at Twenty-fourth and Howard
streets from west-bound Twenty-iourth;
Tenth" and Howard streets. from south
bound Montgomery and Tenth. Out
bound cars will, accept transfers at Fifth
and Market streets from Powell, but pas
sengers boarding cars with transfers from
Market-street cars will not be allowed to
ride on the same beyond Fifth and How
ard. „_ Fifth, and Mission . streets will re
ceive from out-bound cars on Mission.
Tenth and Howard .from south-bound
Montgomery and Tenth cars.
Streetcar Transfer Schedule.
Treat for the Press Club.
The principal soloists of the Royal Ma
rine band of Italy will visit the Press Club
this evening through the .^courtesy of
Channing Kllery, the manager, and the
members of the club will be favored with
some selections by these musicians on the
eve of their departure for the East.
committee on resolutions reported the fol
lowing:
"We hale with satisfaction the fact that
both great political parties in their plat
forms in the last campaign declared in
favor of the reclamation of 'arid Amer
ica,' In order that settlers might build
homes on the public domain and. to that
end we urge upon Congress that national
appropriations commensurate, with the
magniture of the problem should be made
for the preservation ot the forest and the
CHICAGO. N'ov. :4.-The National Irri
gation Congress was late in coming to
order to-day, owing to the discussions In
the committee on resolutions. "While
"waiting for the committee report the con
vention listened to Colonel John S. Cooper
of Chicago, prebldent of the Xational
Park Association, who read an extensive
paper on "The Proposed National Minne
sota Park."
When Colonel Cooper had concluded the
The meeting came to a' close to-night,
only a email number of delegates being
present. •
The principal address of the evening
was made by XV. H. Dayton of the United
States Geological Survey, who spoke . on
v The Water Supply of the Great Plains."
Congressman Newlands of Nevada spoko
on "Possibilities of Irrigation," and
George H. Maxwell, executive chairman
of the National • Irrigation Congress,
talked of "Labor, Land and Water."
The - afternoon , session was devoted to
addresses. Those who spoke were: Tom
L. Cannon, secretary . of i ' the St. Louis
Manufacturers'". Association; Charles
Truax, Elliott Durand and B. G. Chand
ler, the latter three discussing tho "In
dustrial and - Commercial Importance of
Irrigation." • . . .
"The work of the building the reservoirs
necessary to store the floods should be
done directly by tho Government under
existing statutes relative to the employing
of labor and hours of workmen under
laws that will give to all American citi
zens a l'air and -equal opportunity to get
first employment and then a home on the
land."
reforestration of the denunded area as
natural storage reservoirs, and for the
construction by the national Government
.as a part of its policy of internal import
ance of storage reservoirs and other
works for Hood protection and to save 'for
life in aid of navigation and irrigation
the waters which now run to waste and
for -the development of artesian and sub
terranean sources of water supplies. The
water of all streams should forever re
main subject to tht; public control and the
right to the use of water for Irrigation
should inhere In the land irrigated, and
beneficial use be the basis, the measure
and the limit of the right.
"We commend the efficient work of
the various bureaus of the national Gov
ernment in the investigation of the physi
cal and legal problems and other condi
tions relating t oirrigation, and in promot
ing the adoption of more effective laws,
customs and methods of irrigated agricul
ture and urge upon Congress the neces
sity of providing liberal appropriation*
for this important work.
Papers Dealing With Matters of Vital Interest to the Nation at Large Are Read at
the National Irrigation Congress at Chicago'. •
DISCUSS STORAGE OF WATER AND
PRESERVATION OF GREAT FORESTS
Hannah Downey Crushed to Death at
.i- Seventh and Townsend Streets; Y
s. ~ •'•¦ • Yesterday Morning:. . -'•-*. '
-• Hannah (Downey, -a.- widow, aged 65
years, .was, knocked down , by a freight
train at the crossing of Seventh and
Townsend streets. yesterday morning and
killed. • ;
The old lady was on her way to work
In the California Cannery at Seventh and
Townsend streets, when a freight train
dashed up the track and knocked her
down. ¦ The unfortunato . woman : was
rushed off to the City Hall Receiving Hos*
pltal, where Dr. Starr received her. There
was no hope left for recovery. The old
lady breathed her last forty-five minutes
after her arrival at the hospital. The
Coroner's office was notified and the body
was removed to the Morgue. It was badly
mangled. ...
The deceased had resided at 1 Bruce
place, where she kept much- to herself.
She had no relatives in this city, but had
well-to-do friends in the East.
Engineer Patrick A. Hart was immedi
ately arrested by Police Officer J. J. Con
nelly and taken to the City Hall Prison,
where he was charged with manslaugh
ter. He said he did not see the woman
until his engine was almost on top of her.
Then he' tried to stop by reversing, but It
was too late.
WORKING WOMAN KILLED
BY A FREIGHT TRAIN
in this city will take place next
Saturday night In the hall of Cali
fornia Commandery, Knights Templar, In
Masonic Temple, when the recently elect
ed officers of California Chapter will be
Installed. The installing officers will be
Grand Patron Ernest W. Conant, Grand
Secretary Mrs. Kate Josephine Wlllats as
grand marshal. Past Grand Patron Fred
erick "William Gustave Moebus as grand
chaplain and Past Grand Organist Mrs.
Nellie Augusta Darling as grand organ
ist. The officers to be inducted Into office
for the ensuing year are: lizzie Tonning
sen, worthy matron; John Tonnlngsen,
worthy patron; Bertha Wagner Stark, as
sociate matron; Isadora Horton, secre
tary; Minnie G. Stebbins, treasurer; Mary
Wittman, conductress; Cecelia Warren,
associate conductress: Julius A. Haste,
chaplain; Frances Edmondson, marshal;
Birdie Reid as Adah, Jennie McLaughlln
as Ruth, Ida May Roberts as Queen
Esther, Josephine Klnney as Martha and
Mignon I,illie as Electa, these five lorm
ing the points of the central star; Leon
tine Wefelsburg, organist; Edith Boyes.
warden, * and Mary Hammond Lewis ot
Golden Gate Chapter, sentinel.
In addition to the beautiful ceremonies
of Installation there will be presented the
following programme for the entertain-'
ment of those who have been Invited:
Address of welcome by Judge Carroll Cook;
tenor solo, D. M. Lawrance; soprano solo, Mrs;
K. Hathorne; barytone solo, J. P. Fleming:
mezzo soprano solo, Esther M, Phillips; tenor
and barytone duet, D. . M. Lawrance and J. P.
Klemlns; "Gloria," by a choir; remarks by
Rrand and past grand officers; an address on the
beauties and benefits of the Order of the East
ern Star by Samuel M. ShortridRe: mandolin
trio. Mrs. W. H. Thorpe, Anita Ferguson and
Samuel Adelsteln: lute boIo, S. ; Adelateln, and
st^reoptlcon views, Thomas P.. Andrews.
The following members of the chapter
have ben selected as the reception com
mittee: Captain George \V. Wittman,
Lieutenant Colonel and Mrs. Charles Box
ton, Herman and Mrs. Huber. Maude
Cameron, Alma Harder, Anita Ferguson,
Lottie McLaughlln, Carrie Feldman, Dr.
Frank Pngue, David Stark. Edward
VoKel. William Banks. S. A. Clarke, P P
Dall. F. T. Faircloth. Dr. Eminel Halsted!
Henry Jacobson, Henry Lunstedt, Dr.
James. W. Likens, William McKay, E. J.
Mosser. Bralnard Rowley, William Stack
pole. Milton E. Unger, Dr. Bertram Alden,
Alexander Bergen. Geonre Jacob. Mrs
Llebold and Ernest and Mrs. Busche.
An Unusually Jntsresting Function
' to Take Place in the Masonic
Temple.
"An unusually installation
In the Order of the Eastern Star
GRAND INSTALLATION
IN THE EASTERN STAR
Successful Close of Its Duties Is
Pleasantly Celebrated at the
Maison Tortoni.
The "1903 committee" of Stanford Par
lor No 76, N. S. G. \\\, had a banquet
last night at the Maison Tortoni in cele
bration of the close of the committee's
work. The committee was appointed in
1897 to take charge of the parlor's prep
arations for the 1900 celebration. Since
that time the committee has met regu
larly once a week. The parlor's expendi
ture for the celebration amounted to ItftXX).
Last week the last dollar of that sum was
paid, and the members of the committee
docided to assess themselves for the ex
pense of a banquet in celebration of their
achievement.
The following members of the committee
were present:
H. S. Martin, chairman; Fred II. Jung,
secretary: A. P. Giannini, Dr. E. JR. Bry
ant, Dr. A~ N. Copsey, William A. Deane,
Joseph G. Cox, D. A. Curtin, Frank H.
Eckenroth, Joseph Greenberg. E. H.
Hammer, E. L. Head. William F.'
Humphrey. William D. Hynes, John J.
Lerman, John W. Lewis, Grattan D. Phil
lips. W. S. Rucker. A. F. Schleicher. R.
H. Schleuter, Dr. W. H. Slcberst, Charles
H. Stanyan. Charles D. Steiger, J. H.
Strehl. William H. Dick, Henry D. Lans
ing. S. O. Stanyan. P. J. Wenlger. Archi
bald Reid. P. J. Martenstein, D. C. Mar
tin and John J. McCarthy.
COMMITTEE OF STANFORD
PARISH AT A BANQUET
It Beems that the Panama, people are
dissatisfied with the way the Paciflo
Mall, and the Southern Pacinc Company
have treated them and unless a more satis
factory contract can be patched up be
tween now and the first of the month the
Panama Company will enter the field as
a competitor of the Pacinc Mail, offering
cut rates to its patrons between here and
Panama, Connection is to be made witn
steamers on the Eastern coast, making
Colon their terminus. The plan is to have
the steamers leave this city and Panama
every two weeks beginning tha middle 0*
September.
The Bteamers will b« of sufficient ton
nage and speed to attract the best kind
of business and at the same time the
rates will be lower than have been offer
ed heretofore. It is understood that a
conference is to be held in New York City
next week to see if the Pacific Mall and
the Panama Company cannot come to an
amicable understanding, as it is general
ly conceded that the inauguration of a
new line by the Panama people would
raise havoc with the now exclusive ser
vice of the Pacific Mail Company.
i An agent of the Panama Railroad Com
pany is in the city negotiating for the
lease of three large vessels -for use be
tween this city and Panama in the event
of the company decidtng not to renew its
contract with the Pacinc Mail and South
ern Pacific Company, which expires De
cember 1. The utmost secrecy Is being
maintained.- " i'-^ "
Contract Expires December First and
Company Has Agent Here
Looking for Vessels and
Wliarf Boom.
Panama Company Figuring
on an Independent
Steamship Line.
PACIFIC MAIL
MAY HAVE A RIVAL
Mr. Booth also said that, with the in
creasing output of butter in California, the
Idea was commonly entertained that the
Eastern markets would have to be sought
to dispose of the surplus. "Through the
association,' 1 he said, "brokers and agents
can be employed in the East to furnish
needed information and also to dispose of
goods placed In their hands. By cqmbined
effort it would be possible to prevent t!ie
sale of any oleomargarine or other substi
tute for butter in this State. Hope is en
tertained that, in time, some plan may be
formulated by which the products of Cali
fornia creameries and dairies may be im
proved in quality. The association may
become strong enough to employ practical
creamery men to send to the creameries
to demonstrate wherein mistakes' have
been made, for the purpose of paving the
way for improvement.
San Francisco has a dairy exchange or
ganization. F. E. Booth Is the president.
F- |W; Van Sicklen the vice president and
A. 11. Hills treasurer. The has
not been chosen, but the officers who have
been entrusted with procuring rooms, that
the exchange may be ready to do business,
are also authorized to secure a secretary.
A commute on organization has been ap
pointed by President Booth, consisting of
F. B. Brig-ham, Adolph Lorsbach, B. F.
Harvill, F. V. Nelson and Julian New
bauer, who will report .at a meeting to be
held next Wednesday. In a very short
time the exchange will be in operation.
All the necessary preliminary steps have
been taken to call it into existence.
President Booth explained the purpose of
the new exchange to be the holding of a
daily meeting, where the conditions of the
market for butter, eggs and cheese may
be considered and proper Quotations pre
pared for the press. Any dairyman and
ail interested parties will have access to
the quotations. This is one of the objects,
but what further scope may be taken
President Booth could not say definitely.
The association will be upon lines similar
to those of kindred organizations in the
Eastern States, which are admitted to be
of g.vat benefit to the producer and to the
seller.
Institution Starts Idfa - Promisingly
¦Wlta Twenty-nve Members,
¦ Bepresentatives of All the
leading Houses.
Organization Is Effected by
LocarCommission
DAIRY EXCHANGE
IS NOW CERTAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
A Chance of a Lifetime.
I, the undersigned assignee," will sell to
morrow, S50 men's real kersey, overcoats,
worth $10 to $12, for .only $4.65, at- the
clothing- assignee sale of the Boston, 1 775
Marftet street, near' Fourth. P. C. Kelly,
Assignee. : *
Shakespeare's Drama Will Be Qiv^i
¦; by Amateurs at Entertainment "
on Tuesday Next.
The Gentlemen's Sodality Dramatic
Club will give an entertainment on Tues
day evening next at: St. Ignatius College
Hall, Van Ness avenue and Grove street.
The ."Comedy; of Errors" will be produced
on '.that occasion. ; The members i of the
company' had Ta' full-dress rehearsal last
night and the result was more than satis
factory, even considering the. two months'
hard work preparatory to the public per
formance. /. . - . * ,
The orchestra, which will be under the
leadership of John Marquardt.. will ren
der "Cantatlbus Organls," by j Oateno
CapoccI, for the first time in San Fran
cisco. ' . ¦ v .
-The cast for Shakespeare's piece is as
follows: 57/ ;.- k :
Sollnus, Duke of Ei>heBus* Richard X>. Blake-
Aegeon, a merchant of 8yracuae, Georre a'
Connolly; Antlpholus of Ejjheau*. Antlpholus of
Syracuse, twin brothers, unknown to each other
John- Cunningham.; Luke J. Flynn; Drotnlo of
Ephosus Drotnlo of Syracuse, twin wrvahts to
AntipholuseB. • Dr. W, H.- Sleberat. Joseph Far
ry ft Li n0 olpht Defect of Ephesus. Jamet O'Don
nell; Phllo, father of Antlpholus 1 wife Actriana
Joha.C. Mulrenln; Gallus. Adriana'f brother.'
f ranlt UFenton; Angelo, a jeweler, JohnJaunef
Cleon, • a merchant,- Maurice Pope;' Balthazar
a merchant. . D«car Thleme; Dr. Pinch," physi
cian of: the old . school. "John , Flood ;: I>uc«. an
attendant. Krneat . Bralnard: officer of .the
Ryard, Thoma« J. Lydon. George Hormance,
director.. . '
GETITI<3SHEN r ii SODALITY
IN "COMEDY OF ERRORS"
24
Put a Remody in His Coffee anl Without
His Knowledge of tho Secret
Wa3 Completely Cured.
Th« terrible evil of drunkenness has at lant
found a POTiqueror. Sfl«"n Jtnry Roberts, ot 1033
GoWen Goto av«., San FmdcIjco, Cal., . will
gladly. tell nny lady who will write her how
oh« enved her brother from ruin and her words
burn with a new hop* to every woman who
would rescaa a uonT brother or husband from
the scourge of drunkenness.
Rescued
From Drink
Heroic Work of a Girl in Saving Her Brother
- From Drunkenness. V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Xmas
Novelties.
Around the
World
OUR BUYER HAS JUST RETURNED FROM EUROPE, hav-
ing ppent the pas* five months scouring the markets of the old World
for novelties for our California friends, consequently we can offer the
most complete line of Christmas goods ever shown to the San Fran-
cisco trade.
Our line comprises all the LATEST "FADS" in PARISIAN
PERFUMERY. FANCY PERFUME ATOMIZERS. SOLID EB-
ONY BRUSHES. MIRRORS and other items for toilet use. CELLU-
LOID NOVELTIES in HAND-PAINTED TOILET CASES.
GLOVE AND HANDKERCHIEF BOXES. All the latest styles of
COMBINATION POCKET-BOOKS in Seal, Alligator. Elephant and
Snuke fkin leathers, with solid silver mountings. COLLAR and CUFF
EOXES in Celluloid and Leather effects.
Xmas goods at prices that other houses — saj' — HOW DO THEY
DO IT? * '
ONLY A FEW PRICES:
E&obj Toilet Cases, 2 pieces $1,00 each
Ebony Toilet Cases, 3 pieces-... S2.00 eich
Ebcnj Hair Brashes 50c to $5.00 each
Eljsny Kirrors • 50c to $5.00 each
Germoiil Cases, 3 pieces....... $1.00 each
Celluloid Cases, 5 pieces ...... .\ $1. 50 to $5.00 each
Celluloid Collar and Caff Boxes. 75c to $3.00 set
Celluloid Glove and Handkerchief Boxes. - .$1.50 to $3.00 set
Silver and Enamel Met Cases. ¦¦. .$3.50 to $6.00 each
Leges' Ccmljinafon Pocket-Bcoks, Solid Silver Comers. — 50c to 56.00 each
Fancy Perta Atomizers....:..- ...50c to $3.00 each
Perfumery Our Specialty.
Roger & Gallet s. Pinaud s "Violets, Reynal's, Lundborg's, Atkin-
son's, Colgate's and Raymond's in dainty boxes for Xnias Rifts.
J|Tne Owl Drug Co, a
CUT-BATE DRUGGISTS, MM
Fyk San Francisco and Oakland. J^sh
MONSTER COMBINATION 1
AUCTION SALE
—OF—
REAL ESTATE
Orte-FourUi Cash; Balance on Mort-
gage at 6 per cent,
Wednesday, December 12, WC&
• — ajtx> —
Thursday, December 13, WOO
At 12 O'clock Noon,
1 WILL OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
—AT—
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Board of Directors of
THE HZBERNIA SAVINGS A2TD
LOAN SOCIETY,
The following choice parcels c? city realty. Im-
proved acd unimproved, and situate down town,
in the Western Additions* Mission dlstrtcts!
BATTERY A.VD MERCHANT STS.
" M Northwest corner ©<_
$ Battery and Mercnan'."
BC This fine corner with a
9Tr« 5 8I -all expenditure can
> ¦vf-^.t.. . ' M be rented for *45O per
Merchant. • month. The present to-
SSHSSJ!?*!!^? * -ubstaatlal t_re£7£r? and
STSKSFSkeSTw!" 1 * wmi 0Ter
GOf GH AN'P FILBERT STS.
. ~ Northeast corner of
¦£ A and Fllbertst3.:
_ !3 corner Improved with
0 1vt £* frame dwelling of two
C , . Xia : — i flats; present rents $3X
Filbert.
FOURTEEXTH AXP STEVEN'SOM STS.
» 2J Northwest corner of
» Fourteenth apd Pfeven-
wi 5 son sts.. only 105 feet
P a east from Valencia St.;
_ t> in tne heart of a grow-
t2i ? ing- district. As a*hot»
Fourteenth. or la subdivisions.
ELIZABETH ST.. NEAR CASTRO.
A ::a Elizabeth St., 105 feet
5 • • ,H east from Castro: three
•> cholc* btjildlne • lots.
C ot <»» it Will be> sold a* a whol*
105 M j 25 ' 5 or !n subdlvlii —
Elizabeth. '
MARKET ST.
g This is a pleo* *t
M § property with a future.
S >-• The lniprwements con-
= slot of 12 Rats. ZiSO to
K 113- 5 73 2430 1 4. Market St.. rent*
— . — Ing for 1165.
Market.
TWTrNTTETH ST.. XEAR CASTRO.
Twentieth.
~_j 25 «5 r ot I *W3, «a and
"• "• •=>• a. 4115 Twentieth Bt., ber.
Castro and Xoe. Thes#
_ Z three modern dwpll-
S g g to ings of 8 rooms and
¦ ' • ' bath each will b» sold
separately. Each bouae
[ Is now rented for t2k
SHfPLET ST.. NEAR SIXTH.
Shipley.
Trn »s No. 2SI ShipleT »t..
bet. Fifth and Sixth;
£ improvements consist
•; . of a front building of
5- •» three stories and rear
33 of two stories; rents
$27 50.
MIS3IOX ST.. NEAR NINETEENTH.
Nineteenth.
; No. SU Mission St.,
_, . . - b«t. Xln*"te©nth — n>1
c g Twentieth. ImproTo-
2 • monts. a good two-
S j story frame buiMtn:;.
S ~ v>2.« - consisting of a store
S --*•»• an<1 two flats; rents %M.
VALENCIA ST.
Fourteenth.
.TS — " —"" East side of Valencia
=s|S st.. 300 fe«t Bouth of
«U — . Fourteenth. "Will b»
§ sold as a whole or In
"Jg subdivisions. This is a
> 5 good buy and will ln-
j M_: crease In value.
GROVE ST.. NEAR GOtTGH.
¦ — — No«. 40« and «»i4
Grove «L This prop-
— — O erty la located but four
2 blocks west from th»
2 •» City Hall. Improve-
•~ F" ments consist of 2
dwellings of 6 rooms
30 j2:«. I each,- renting for J«.
Grove.
NIXETEKXTH ST- KEAR GUERRERO.
\ 103:1/ Nos. 3514 to 3CS>
\ j; Nineteenth st. bet.
\ ' «»| * Guerrero and Dolores.
\§ o O Improvements occupy
\ir* ' S only 43 feet front and
\ . - - H consist of 4 Rats. For
\ 1? ¦ 3 factory purppses or *
\ J busU«M requlrlnsf
\ £ " rround space this is &
\ * desirable site. Rants
V 81 Wiiyl f50 \
BROAD WAT. N5AR STOCKTO3T ST.
[ « " N'ci. HO to 718 Bro_4-
_" as way, bet. Stdckton and
j £ Powell sts. ImpiT»v»-
1 h _, ment» consist of brlclc
'—— . % stable building and 3
»• g- • g frame dwell lags. Rents
Broadway.
WASHIXOTOX ST.. NEAR CENTRAL AVB.
Washington.
:¦-.'¦ :.\ n overt ootai th#> Presidio
a reservation "and the
g Bay of San Francisco,
S? C The improvements con-
's slst of a modern 1<V-
K . > room dwellta* in flrst-
** S class condition, rent-
• leg for W-
: . ; :c\.::
VALENCIA BT.. NEAR TWENTT-TH1ED.
Twenty-third.
— Nc«. 1X0 to in V_-
¦4 lencta st. This property
• * will commend tt«elf ta
¦2. — • a Investors. It Is now
c Z5 °- ,«» 8 2 bu»ln«M»« prorwrty an<l
i; lxv ' 7- will be more so In flv«
«a _ years. It rents for tTO.
»" " . . - , F Bartlett-»t lot will be
sold separate.
s .
VALENCIA ST.. NEAR NINETEENTH.
I $ No. 823 Valencia st.
S. This U a business eor-
r a • n • r ; Ira prov«m«nta
£_ consist of a gootl 2-
IW> - building; rents $«.
CAnnberland."
CASTRO ST.. NEAR MARKET.
- : • BouthWMt .corner ot
I?. Street worS all dona
f Only 135 f e «t from,
Market st.
_;. ts. ! as. n-t.
Castro.
EIGHTEENTH ST.. NEAR CASTRa
. tZ m * JJ*t« ***• C**»ro and
• ** 73. * + Colllngwood. Good a-
U_ : 3 «tory frame dwelling
ji ot t\x rooms.
B. P. OLIVER,
Beal Estate Agent and Auctionear>
114 Montgomery Street
MONSTER COMBINATION
AUCTION SALE
: ' ¦ --,¦¦¦- ' \
¦—lip «— —
REAL ESTATE
"Without Eesenre, M "Ho Its" "Xo
Ccmfirmations by Airy Court,"
"An Absolute Sale,"
—on —
Wednesday, December 12, 1900
At 12 SL Sharp,
I WILL OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
Without Reserve, at
SHERMAN & CUTS HALL,
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Trustees of the Estate
of EUGENE KELLY of
Mew York,
Their entire real estate holding* In the city
and county of San Francisco, comprising a list
of aa choice property as has ever been otfereti
Ot auction for the past twenty years. ' It Is
Income producing, well rented and every pleco
has a future, and with one exception It all faces
on accepted streets. The buildings on the Im-
proved property are In first-class condition and
the best of repair. The tenants could be no
better.
Remember, the sale is without re-
serve. No "ifs," no "subject to own-
ers' approval," no "confirmation by
the Probate Court." It is an absolute
sale to the highest bidder for United
States gold coin.
Remember, it is all corner property.
SANSOJkTE AND SACRAMEXTO STS.
Land assessed for
10O 'r. $14,000: Improvements
„-'• " » awssed for $14,250; ln-
i; ' - •• surancs, $20,250; pre-
« - S 2 mlum, fS3 05; north-
10O 3 w est corner of Sansome
— — — — — — — — • and Sacramento Etreeta.
Sacramento^ The Improvements on,
this property consist of a first-class brick
building, renting for $2S0 per month; no lease.
SAXSOME AND COMMERCIAL. STS.
Land assessed for
Commercial. 120,250: Improvements
f 82-8 S? assessed for $13, COO; ln-
a surance, $17,JC0; prem.,
g g $115 £0; southwest cor-
S 3 ner of Sansome and
£2-s * Commercial streets.
'¦ " This is a particularly
fine Investment. The building la stout and
substantial, with. extra heavy brick walls, built
to last a century. The total rents are $32j per
month. The store. 409 Sansome. rents for $50;
the store. 413 and 415 Sansome, for SluO. and the
upper part (the Coso House) for $113; no leases.
MONTGOMERY AND SACRAMENTO ST8-
5^ , Land assessed for
t. Facramento. $30, VX>; Improvements
p jcTn assessed for $13,500; in-
§ ' " Biirance, $2O.0C0; prem.,
5 s, o !''o; southeast corner
c, of Montgomery and
J- 1 83-9 Sacramento streets.
«[ -^ This corner was for-
merly occupied by the Donohoe-Kelly Bankln?
Company. The Improvements consist ot one
of the most substantial five-story brick build-
ings in the city. Alvlnza Hay ward's magnifi-
vtnt eleven-stcry office building Is in the same
block, only 150 feet distant. The basement and
first story are leased to July 1, 1903, for $225
per month. The upper floors bring only th»
nominal rent of $113. At a small expenditure
In modernizing- the upper p«urt this rent could
be doubled.
FILL.MORE.
137:6 1J7:6 U W. A, BLOCK S05.
EO-vara lot 1. assessed
tor JlO.SOOi. - -
SO-vaxa lot 2, assessed."
for $9000.
- £ ' ' K 50-vara lot 3, assessed
"* ??-•;< ? f <>f in.470.
v> • <n 50-vara lot 4, assessed '
for $11. CCO.
50-vara lot S, assessed
137:6 137:6 f<jr $3CC0.
60-vara lot 6, assessed
t> >^for $10,570.
c; _ S This block Is leased
3 " ' •* " jas a whole to March 1,
*" 2 3 2 s 2 • ' 1902> at W 75 P* r month-
Improvements belong
to the lessor and can i
be removed by her
at the termination oC
137:6 137;« lease. If the block la
not sold as a who!*.
_- u _ but In iO-vara subdU
' £} 1 "6 " visions, the purchaser
» a o of each SO-vara will b«
entitled to one-sixth oT
the monthly rent of
the entire block during
137:6 137:6 the term of the lease.
TT-«*n<5TF"T$ At the expiration of
the lease the purchaser
can enter Into possession of the land.
This block of land Is destined to become on*
o' the most valuable in the Western Addition.
fronting 1 , as It does, on Flllmore and Turk
streets and being the most Important transfer
point north of Market street. It is now nearly
entirely occupied for business purposes, and In •
ten years will pay 4 per cent net on $250,000. It
is one of the few- remaining whole blocks in
the heart «f the Western Addition, anl Its
possibilities are very great, eltner for business
purposes, pleasure grounds or as a church,
school or recreation center.
BEALE AND BRYANT STS.
- ' Land , assessed for
13 .;7g $31,600;. Improvements
m belong to tenant ;north-
,„ g £ west corner of F.eal*
El *• £. and Bryant streets.
.»-.» ™ Tills grrand corner, con-
i ¦¦ slstlng of two 50-vara
Bryant. lots, has the greatest
future of any property in San Francisco. Fao-
»lng the water front, across the street from
th» Santa Fe depot, and graded out of solid
reck it presents a chance for investment that
1* seldom offered at public or private sal«.
There Is a lease on the property expiring Feb-
ruarv 1 1012. The rent up to February- t 1302.
Is $"C0 per month, for the next five years $230
per month and for the balance of the term »30O
ivcr month. During the life of this lease th»
value of the property will Increase at least at
the rate of 6 per cent per year, and more likely
at the rate of 10 per cent.
PI1XMORE. W. A. BLOCK JOS.
______ -, — - Three 50-vara lots.
fi'.r. 27:6 27:« *?:« for $31/00; Im-
provements assessed for
h. - « s; s H300: the lots facing
8 3 8 8 . 5 Eddy and Webster
streets are most ad-
' vantageously situated
H 137:6 137:6 «?. for residence purposes,
i" S cither dwellings or
— TZ7-2 — * < ,.v — s» flats, being only ten
¦S 137:6 137:6 £! m | n utes' ride frcm
- 8^ 7 S, Market and Powell
• '-° 1S7'6 187:6 «f I streets, and In the im-
h« a mediate neighborhrxxt
Hi- «,,'« ;,l ; ' m Palmary, grammar
H • 131:6 137:6 f. an d high schools. Tho
P*!£_ MjlotH facing Killmor*
S|'_ 1-7 -g 137-6 • street are business
« "'•". ~ propositions., as the
(* t_______ ; I! only two business
fi|a> 137:6 137:6 » streets In the "Western
Qii g i Addition- are FlUmcre
Bi- — r,-. fi ¦ i S7 . K —^^!and Devlsadero. Land
•";» 137.6. IS. .6 •«! fronting' on . Flllmore
.. S « ! street in this location
V. 137-6 137:6 «isold 12 years ago for
i» «'$200 per front foot, In-
-- — ; >- [side lots. Keep In mind
that the lots are extra
St'V S g ?- — wide, having 27:6 front.
6 o « S S and are . especially
-¦» ••.-¦. ¦ . adapted to J-flat dwell-
n-t **•« ??•« •-•« '7-e '"K 9 - There !*¦«. two-
n.t rtstti.n 27.6 ...c gt » r _ fra _ e dwelUn g
WEBSTER. on the northwest cor-
¦¦ ner of Eddy and Web-
ster streets^ ' renting for $30 per month.
SPEAR AND HOWARD STS.
„ , Land assessed for
Howard. $19,150; improvements
T ji-s , ' belong to tenant; south-
_ £ west corner of Spear
5 S 2 and Howard streets.
¦j, a. " This Is a piece of prop-
• 91- g ' crty that has twen eag-
: ' '¦ ' — erly sought after, and
1 the owners hare time and again been asked to
put a price on it. It it in the heart of what
Is rapidly becoming the wholesale district of the
city. All the large real estate transactions of
the past year have . been In the vicinity, and
the surrounding property Is now rumored to
belong to the Santa Fa or -Southern Pacinc
companies. Present rental, $SS per month; no
lease.
.The water rates are all paid by the tenants
where not mentioned. Any further particulars
or information will be gladly furnished at the
office of
B. P. OLIVEB,
Seal Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
114 Mont gome*y Mm&
! "Senfl your name and address . to Dr. ! J. "W.
Haines, 8103 Glenn ¦ Building, "Cincinnati, Ohio,
and lie.will mail the remedy to you In a plain,
sealed . package and < thus . you ? can . begin -. the
cure at once. ..Tha remedy la odorless and taste-
less and you jieed have no fear of discovery."
ADVEBTISEMENTS." . ., »%' ,-i
nrnniranirt!! nnif muf nmrnrmnrwiinir iir.iirm-nriir.iiriiriinininffiirTiriiriTnmir^npEfi
Hnlirfov country orders receive prompt 1 attention. Fnr Mnnriav ¦
complete and n n YorH
Our Perpetual Progressiveness. |
Perpetual progressiveness Is the watchword of this store — a constant and unfaltering endeavor to serve you
u ter t ' ian others — a desire to offer you a greater incentive to do your trading here than you will find elso- — m
where, are two of the many laudable features of our perpetual progressive policv. ;3t
We tell the truth about our poods— that's the fundamental principle of gaining; public confidence— it's the — «
j primary essential to continued success. -^g
A GREAT SUIT OFFER. ENORMOUS SALE OF |
$i n ri Our NTew Torlt bu r er raaa « the rniunrn Tim r m nTiio inn Mini/ltIC
A gl fit 1 jrrandeft purchase a! the reason- hK ftMHl TflHI T I IIIn\ fi H 1 1 NflrKiNN "12
M n ' I V\ nearly 200 Ladies' Suits at a price rimiULU IMDLC ULU I (10 HIlU I1HI I\ll«Ol
/B m ¦ B t!lat Vrt kaow w e >v « sot something *^o
/H ffft I I I so out of the ordinary In a suit A wonderful opportunity to secure Table / U TT l"l -^S
[| B ¦ ¦ 1^ bargain that tho quantity will not Cloths at less than the cost to produce. B I /? ra m I ""•
N M JB ' a *t lonr enough to supply the de- The result of a great closing purchase « ' H jfl /fl l^k —*»
U m £j mand this sale will create. ALL from a retiring: wholesale house. Over fel S III B
J I B «re strictly higrh-Krade cults, pos- 400 choice Table ClothB with Napkins to | 1 I ff U«| B -*•
jOl. sessingr the euperior styles of made- match are involved in this sale and all I B M _ 11 ¦¦ "^
to-order srarments. The finest im- of thorn are guaranteed to be perfect In ft' Ml am
ported Cheviots Jn black and navy every way. They are 2xJ>4 In sire. In m 1 ¦¦ , - —^
nnnn vtTr*v *•• «« are used for them— made In pretty colorines of light blue, rose, red, # fl ppm ~2
b3UD >AI'«E 522.83. two ttyles-icuble-brpasted RufMan lavender, yellow, navy and white. Re- BmmS JJ£,i
-«v ?««-.* «_ i. . . ~. , Blouse and double-breasted Eton, member that originally they were lm- *^»
Jw «wl/^]?i~ n4 .^ <3e . 6o ; 1 « facing:, flare sleeve* and latest ported to be sold at $4 50 a set— because
«£?!»? -3i 6Ult O 081 "^ 1^ worth $22 60. On QlSt-7ft w* secured them much below the regular „_„_,__,___.. ;„
special sale Btllt price, we offer them, your choice....* EESULAR VALUE $4.60 _-j
,- i -Z2
TO BE COWTINUED. THIS WEEK. =1
The past week was a decided record-breaker in this department. It was plainly evident to any visitor that
ft phenomenal business was being; done. These ereat values were the result of our recent tremendous pur- -»
' P, rad e. B! ,a c k press Oood? from the most Drominent New York importine house. They were r*
.. closed out at about half price, and you yhall get them on the same basis. Again to-morrow: .33
' v* 1 * 75 rerl . o!a . Suitings bright and ftiitrous, 15 effective and .*4-inc!i Black Vpnotlans, warranted pure wool; perfect In ¦"**
' tanfl'op* des!gnsto choose irom; Imported to fc!1 QQ r weave, dye and finish; already sponged and shrunk- OO^.
| at $1 .o a yard. On opec'.al sale Yard UOt ?i :^) valuoa. On eneoial sale '. Yard UOC
<r'-inch Jet Black Cheviot, all-woo!, a heavy, wire fabric .Vi-lnch Rlack Cheviot, a superror quality; heavy weight- a ¦
i that win e .ve great wear; reel value TOo. On spe- A/%n Krand finished cloth; already pp.intfp<l and shnink; f*C\^, """""
cial tale Yard T^^tV imported to sell at fl 00. On spet-lal sale Yard OtJC
6S\ frit Rfl 911 If MATFI A^RF Over 120 P'^es in an almost bewildering variety. Imported to
Oli*+U IUI O^iOU O1LN lYMIrLF.OOr. sell at J2.:,) a yard: all tho choicest effects in Silk. O| in v, J
Wool end Mohair Matelasse Suitings, that you must see to appreciate. Your choice 3>I»*tJ T9 U -— »
BLACK SILKS. $2.00. NECKWEAR -9Bc EACH TEA GOWNS AND WRAPPERS %
2 Items for Monday and Tuesday We promise you a treat In Neckwear, but ON SPECIAL SALE US
They are highly recommended for good we advise you to come early po as not to A N>w rork )mnnrtp -. B MmB ," „ , r2
wear; by far the best tiVt values yet of- be The choicest creations of T £ Z atTsf hinLl 3
btlC a heavy and vrrj- lustrous qual- on the Fxru^e iffwt s 1^ Taffe^ Cashmere - braided and
ity. negul^r vaiue S5c. '^ trimm0(1: fan^ *&*i «« 'hades of
QQ/> YARP. Black PeaAi de Roie; war- tilk. flowing "nds and trimmed with frlng-e plnk> '' Iue> cardinal, garnet, gray, brown
O^«W rant*^ pure »l!k. perfect dye; noth- snd steel bucklei*. $2 values; on QQ/, and black. Worth regularly $6 '.0 jt» o 85 — ¦¦ I
ing like It e\or Fhown under 1125 yard. sale at Each WOW to $S 50 each. Monday Each ?J>O' r^J
A SALE OF HIGH-GRADE FRENCH FLANNEL LADIES' $1.00 UNION SUITS 69c EACH 2
WAISTS. A clianc^ Pickup of 20 dozen Ladies' Winter Weicht Z2
; - $5,25 i^^^fc^ll
ments as those on sale to-morrow were v/Ut/LU ! . Ay" y /^'"
never prebented. Every one of them is copied from I ARIF^' Fi ANNFI FTTF RP.WJilS R7o Cood
French models: perfect in fit; finished in exquisite Bo- LttUI " rLAHJItLCI It UUYYNO OJU, Value SI.IO
]cro cftect with tailor stitching and made of the Only 12 dozen are to be offered, all we were able to
finest French Flannel; in shades of rose. red. lieht get for a special. They are made of the best I2 r £<;
blue. pink. Cyrano, Gray, cadet, tan. Ar ft £ Tennis Flannel in pretty stripes of pink and f\ -J '
royal, brown and black. Actually worth X 1 ) /H blue: nicely braided; extra length and width. K I f 1 =35
$7.50: on sale at Each $U|£U Special Monday ........................Each 0 I U 3
XIIS3 MARY ROBERTS.
; "May every mother, sister or daughter learn
frcm my experience, Is my devout hope, 'and in
thus making publlcthe story.' of our private
mlsf ortune , and mibsequen t blessings it is 'my
earnest desire that every woman read In my
words the way to happiness not . only_ for her-
self but for the man who is struggling with the'
cure© of liquor upon him. Dr." Halnes who dis-
covered Golden Specific Is \ deserving of ; wom-
an's homage, and. I am glad to know' that -he
will send a freo trial package of the remedy to
every, -woman' who .writes him.- - V ¦
A-liVj-^.TTKUM UIMTH.AUSTIN. , Tex., Nov. 24.— A dispatch
/mm Monterey. Mexico, a&yx: Contractor
CINCINNATI, Nov. 2J.-The twenty
fourth annual Congress of the American
Secular Union and Free Thought Federa
tion to-day elected the following officers:
President. Dr. J. B. Wilson of Cincinnati
secretary, E. C. Reichwald of Chicago
treasurer. Samuel Tuomey of Canaldover
Ohio. Among the vice presidents elected
was T. B. Wakeman of Silver ton. Or. !
Secular Union Elects Officers. ¦
"The South's cotton productions are not
receiving the attention from the marine
service that might be given. Our ports
are open -to ships from all parts of tn?
world, but cotton is frequently shipped
abroad • from Northern ports. I believe
the congress can be of great > benefit in
better regulating the shipment of cotton.
With the development of American ship
ping In other parts of the country going
on. I think it time for the South to begin
the development of hers. - * She has ports
as important as any In the world If prop
erly, developed and it is for this purpose
I Issued the call for the Maritime Con
gress." ¦ '
"1 have received favorable responses
from all parts of the country on the
plan to assemble the congress. I called
the congress for the purpose of inaugurat
ing a movement to restore the Southern
maritime trade, which was lost durinj tue
war of secession. Since the war no move
ment of the kind has been instituted,
though the merchant marine has not been
what the South's resources justified. At
the request of, merchants, railroad men
and shipowners of | Georgia ports,* I la
sued a call for the congress to rssemble
at Brunswick, expecting ail parties inter
ested in the trade to attend. I believe
the movement will result in much good by
building up Georgia and Southern ports
and enlarging tne circulation of the
South's resources. From the replies j
have received I am assured the congress
will be well attended.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 24.— Governor
Candler* to-day, in response to an inquiry
on the result of his call for a Maritime
Congress to meet in Brunswick in Jan
uary, said:
Governor Candler Tells of
Objects of Maritime.
Congress.
HOPES TO RESTORE
SOUTHERN TRADE
If the final contemplated Improvement . of our
harbor were a completed fact to-day, our city
would be at least sharing in the immense trans
port business now exclusively, confined to and
so greatly benefiting San Francisco. :
The whole matter may b«. summed, up in a
single statement, to wi*-. With the completion
of the contemplated ; Improvement. - that desid
eratum of commerce would here be met — name-*
ly, th« bringing together of ship and car. ¦Six
miles of water front would offer facilities for
this, facilities unequaled by any port in < the
United States. ¦
If this be true to-«ay. who can predict the
pocslbllltles of th« future. In view, of the com
mercial traffic of the Pacific Ocean, now start
ing 1 into life with the settlement of the policy
of legitimate expansion, and bidding fair in the
near future to rival' that of the Atlantic? In-
The only thing that originally prevented this
was the challowness of the water on this side
of the bay. The improvement of the Oakland
harbor means the i practical removal of , this
obstacle, making It possible for the largest sea
going vessels to He at our future wharves | in
a perfectly land-locked and thoroughly aecure
harbor. - . ¦ ' ¦ .'".- - , r -,". , :. . ' ;\ ¦
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf Is going
to make the imorovement of Oakland
harbor his special work at the coming
session of Congress. Mr. Metcalf has al
ways held the opinion that Oakland har
bor should be developed as rapidly as pos
sible in order that Oakland shall reach
its commercial growth as it has its resi
dence growth. Mr. Metcalf believes that
Oakland should have and ¦ might have
some share in the transport business of
the army if it had proper harbor facili
ties. In a signed article Congressman Met
calf says:
This city being situated on the- mainland
would naturally be the terminus of the over
land railroads in fact, as now It Is In name;
and here there should be also the warehouses
and factories which cluster around such, a
terminus. .
Oakland Office .San Francisco Call,
HIS Uroadway, Nov. 24.
Declares Oakland's Water-
Front Facilities Should
Be Developed.
METCALF TO WORK
FOR FINE HARBOR
no need to offer land or money or other Induce
ments to industrial enterprises to locate here —
they will of necessity themselves seek estab
lishment at the point of such uneqiialed com
mercial advantage. ', V. H. METCALF.
To ehnre In this coming activity the Im
provement of our harbor must be carried ; on
to speedy consummation.
As the representative In Congress of this con
stituency, my highest ambitions are insepar
ably connected with this great accomplishment.
It is therefore, quite unnecessary fcr me to
say that neither time, energy nor whatever I
may possets of ability shall be spared In push
ing this . enterprise as rapidly, as poslble to
final completion. „
.In view of its magnitude and Importance, all
other local questions seem small/ We will have
deed, this new Impulse Is now putting to their
extreme test the facilities of the shipyards of
this country and of the. world. The most \ivld
Imagination cannot overdraw the grandeur of
the future thus opening up for our State and
coast. '
"WATERLOO, Iowa. Nov. 21.— Jerorna
Whoot, the convicted dynamiter, was sen
tenced to ten years' Imprisonment at Ana
mosa. He tried to kill his wife* with an
"infernal" machine.
Whoot Is Sentenced.
Daly of New York City has arrived her»
and is Investigating the matter of estab
lishing a complete sewer and water workj
system In Monterey. He will make a
formal proposition to the State and mu
nicipal g-overnments for the proposed im
provements. It is estimated that the Im
provements will cost about $3,000,000 la
gold.
is to-day, as It has been In the past and as it
will be In the years to come, the "Government
of the people, by the people and for the peo
ple "
Ee not disturbed: there Is no danger from
empire; there is no fear for the republic
Vioe President-elect Roosevelt followed
Mr. McKinley. He said in part:
There was no doubt about our position before
the election and there is no doubt about U now.
We are going to carry on the policy that has
been pursued during the past four years. It
has beea the signal good fortune of this nation
on the first occasion when It mixed in ths
world's politics to fix the standard to which
the other nation*, of the world will come In
dealing with the affairs of the great Asiatic
nations. We have kept the currency sound. »> e
have kept the gold standard for the past four
years and it will be kept In the coming years.
And the cation has decided that the flag shall
float over the Philippine Islands. Peace shall
come to them as a constantly increasing meas
ure of self-government will be given them. but.
first cf all, order must be restored In them.
Gentlemen, I am sure that I state your views
when I say that every rational effort for the
betterment of the condition of either the wage
earner or the tiller of the soil will have the
heartiest support of the Republican party; thai
we realize that the welfare of the nation de
pends ultimately, more than all else, upon
the welfare of the wage worker and of the man
who tills the soil.
I feel that we are to be congratulated, not
merely as Republicans, but as Americans, be
cause we approach the twentieth century in
the knowledge that this people have, with
seriousness of purpose, set their faces to a
proper solution of the many problems which a
great nation has to meet and which this nation
must solve alike in its home policy and In .<lo-
Inr its share of the world's work that con
fronts all the greet world powers.
At the conclusion of the dinner the
President held a reception and all paid
their respects to him.
At midnight the President left for
Washington.
Among the prominent guests at the ban
quet were: Vic* President-Elect Roose
velt. Senator Wolcott of Colorado. Sen
ator Lodge. Bishop Whlttaker, Senator
Sewell of New Jersey, Governor Stone of
Pennsylvania. John Wanamaker and
Clement A. Grtecom.
Davis' Condition Unchanged.
ST. PAUL,. Minn., Nov. 24.—The fight of
a tremendous will against physical dls
fa?e hss alone kept Senator Davis alive
for the past twenty-four hours. Last
night was the worst he has passed since
the beginning of the acute kidney trouble.
Reports from the residence late this after
noon stated that he was resting quietly
and there was no apparent change in his
condition.
PHILADELPHIANS
GREET McKINLEY
President Makes Ante-Elec
tion Speech in Quaker
City.
Says Besnlt Is CTot a Personal or
Party Triumph, but a Plain
Declaration by the
People.
TVe may differ as to the extent of Influence
of th« several issues involved, but we are all
agreed as to certain things which "it settled.
It records the unquestioned indorsement of the
pol3 stariard, industrial independence, broader
markets, commercial expansion. reciprocal
trade, the open door In China, the Inviolability
of public faith, the independence and authority
of the judiciary and peace and beneficent gov
ernment unfler American sovereignty in the
Philippine!. American credits are unimpaired.
th« honor of the American flag unsullied and
the obligations cf a righteous war and treaty
of ;rtc« unrepudiaied.
Tne Republican party feas placed npon It tre
zsendous responsibilities. No party could acic
for a higher expression of confidence. It is a
great thing to have this confidence; it Vrill be
a. greater thing to deserve and hold it. To this
party are committed new and grave problems.
They are too exalted for partisanship. The
ta«k of vattlernent Is for the whole American
people. Who will say they are unequal to it?
Liberty has not lost, but gained In strength.
The structure .of the fathers stands secure upon
tfc* foundation on which they raised it, and
Some C'.sappolntments follow all elections.
But all isen rejoice when an election li so de
cisive a» to admit cf neither dispute nor con
test. The value of m. national victory can only
fce rightly measured and appreciated by what
!¦ averts, as well aa by what it accomplishes.
It is fortunate for the party in power if it un
derstands the true meaning of the result. These
charred by the people with the administration
and legislation are required to interpret as well
as to educate the publie will and Us rightful
Interpretation Is essential to its faithful exe
cution. We cannot overestimate the great ira
pcrtanee and the fax-reaching consequences of
the electoral contest which ended on the 6th of
>>*ovember. It has to me no personal phase.
It Is not the triumph of an individual, nor al
together of a party, but an emphatic declara
tion by the pecple of what they believe and
would have maintained in government. A great
Variety cf subjects was presented and dii
ecssed in the prcgress of the campaign.
Nothisg la Government can be more impres
sive than a national election, where the people
delicate the power and invest their constitu
ticnal agents with authority to execute their
I«»h#i5ts. Th« very character cf the transaction
clothes it with solemnity. It ie a serious busi
ness. Its Issues are always momentous. What
a lessen in self-government it teaches. Sixteen
rrillica voters on the same day. throughout
every section cf the United States, depositing
their mandate and recording their will. Done
by the people In their own communities, tn the
very precincts of the home, under the supervi
sion cf their fellow citizens and chosen offl
clalf and, to Insure its freedom and independ
ence, the ballot a secret one*. God forbid that
any 'citizen selected for that s acred trust should
«^er attempt to divert the will of the sovereign
people or tamper with the sanctity of their
t&ilots.
U*« are aiways in danger of exaggeration on
cx"c&ti':r.s of exultation over a political vic
t iry. ar.<3 while the result i» mainly due to the
tfrorts of our splendid party, there is some
times a tendency to give too little credit to
other forces which, silent though they rr.ay
have l-e*n. were r.one the less potential. We
must not withhold generous, acknowledgement
•ren that great body of our citizens -who. be
ler-jflng to another party, powerfully assisted
in the achievement cf the result which you
celebrate to-night, ncr for that other large
bo£r. former member* of our own party, who.
Mrftk honesty of purpose separated from us a
:eiv years ago on financial issues, but have
now returned and are home again to stay. Nor
i* any accounting for the victory either Just
cr accurate which leaves out of the calcula
tion the almost unbroken column of labor en
pape-i in mechanics and airriculture. which re
je<*ted th# fatal doctnn6 of cla^s distinction ax
having no place in this republic and which
rebuked those teachings which would destroy
the faith cf American manhood in American
character aci American institutions. The bus
iness men In every part of the country, typi
*>.<r-i by this great organization, were a roightr
factor in the recent contest. And may we not
airo ascribe rr.uch to the Influence of the hom«.
with Its affiliations? In any previous election
¦was it greater or la any did the counsels of the
fire-side determine more largely the vot« of the
*!«»<: tor*?
Gentlemen o? the Union League: An after
dinner speech is to me always a difficult per
formance. ar.d an after-election epeech after a
cUnatr is & still more difficult tajk. and I shall
«lo little more tiian make an acknowledgment
Co t-tie patriotic association for it unceasing
loyalty to ttie Government; for the earnest
euppcrt it has given to the present adrninistra
i:••:." la the trying years through which it has
passed, and express my sinct-re thanks for the
pri-at honor tbi« meeting and demonstration
tr;r.pt me. which should be shared by niy <iis
ti^sulshtd associate on the national ticket, the
Y'.ee President-elect, as well as by those asso
daieS '¦ith xr.e m the conduct of public affairs.
The party was driven to the residence
cf E. T. ittotsbury and at 6 o'clock w t nt
to the Union League. Broad street, in
front of the clubhouse, was crowded. As
the President stepped from his carriage
and made his way up the steps of tne
building he was vociferously cheered. In
cicie the clubhouse the members crowded
about the Chief Executive, who was com
pelled to submit to much handshaking.
The party then proceeded to the- ban
quet room, wtere cavers tad beea laid for
£44 persons.
Following i«f the text of President Mc-
ICiniey's ej>eech:
Th« streets along the route were lined
with'efceerlsgr crowds and the President
6eerne8 greatly pleased with the cordial
reception, come business houses and
residences were decorated, with tiie na
tional colors.
The Presidential party arrived here
with a epeciai train over the Pennsyl
vania at 3:30 o'clock this afternoon and
waa net at the station by a committee of
T_'nicn League members. Carriages were
in waiting and the party was driven
through the principal streets in the cen
ter of the city, escorted by the First City
Trocp. An immense throng was In wait
lr.g at the 6tation and the appearance of
the President was the signal for an en
thusiastic outbreak of applause. Women
waved handkerchiefs and silk fiags and
men raised their hats as President Mc-
Kirley passed. From the train to his
carriags ilr. ilcKinley carried his silk
hat in his band and bowed in acknowl
edgement of the ovation extended him.
PHILADELPHIA. Xov. 24.-Pres!ient
MrKfnlejr to-day paid his first visit to
this city since fcis election and met with
en enthusiastic reception. He came as the
guest cf the Union League, having been
invited to attend the "Founders' day"
banquet of that organisation. The Presi
dent was accompanied by all the members
of his Cabinet, with the exception of Sec
retary Root, who is in Cuba.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, DAY; NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
Improvements Planned.
25
It Contains Mo Oil,
Grease or Injuri-
ous Chemicals. • ? r*
A free | demonstra-
tion " can be seen
daily at the Em-
porium. .
If not obtainable at
your druggist* we
will send to your
address upon re-
. ceipt of price. 50c.
[We pay postage.]
Price: 50c.
Par if iriCrmst I^ihnr5itftrv : 204> p° w eli- street.
PaCltlCLOaSt LaDOratOry f S an Francisco.
MMB; IDALINE'S FACE AND LIP ROUGE
DEFIES DETECTION.
It Beautifies at
Once and Is
Perfectly Invisible.
Its use is very sim-
ple. You apply it
daily, to ; the face
before going out.
or. at home when
you wish to -look
your best, the same
as you apply po w-
"ders^ ;V V \ ¦"
Sample box of
cream sent . free to
your T address \ upon
receipt of '.-2' cents
postaRe. ' ;.-.-:•¦
MML ID ALINE FACE CREAM
DOES AWAY WITH THE USE
OF ALL FACE POWDERS......
Tru« wit is never injurious to others.
Cures Coughs, Co'ds, Influsnza,
Catarrh, Pains in the Head and
Chest, Sore Throat, General
Prostration and Fever.
.iB^r*^^!^ IH^^^pSM W2m BEr^^f^B
If "Seventy-seven" is taken early It
cures a Cold long before It reaches the
et&ge of Grip, Catarrh. Pneumonia or any
serious Bronchial or Cataj-rhaJ difficulty.
A cure by "77" Is complete; no stuffy
bead; no Cough; no sensitive Throat or
tender Chest; just a corriplete.cure with-
out any prostration, the tonic properties
of "77" sustaining the system during the
attack.
At drugrglsts, or mailed, 25c
Dr. Humphreys' Manual on the care and
treatment of the lick, mailed free.
Hutnphrey»* Homeopathic Me-ilclne Co., . cor.
W'UUaxa and Jufca ate, New York.
., >
Of all the practices of love, praise Is the
most treacherous.
THE _EBDTOBIXrBL^ \ THE EMPOBrTJM. j ' T^^^t^FF^ L I THE EMPOBJUaL ,| ' THE'EMFOBIUM. | THE EMPOBIXrM.
£ 25c Ribbons *S°?. ytI * s of s ;> I!sh aU - The Rainy-Day Store— You can buy everything <QPHE|RP gllB^^kB^W ¦¦ a Hairtiressinj and Manicuring Parlors, on main Tl. - Only one other such a toy
j: Monday-17& S. fa 3^"t5*! f ' *» *?«« « f" * fl|E CWKOICilllll S one h fJ^\ L^ ra:ors / mfloy f llle fZ*itt£5S*
%' coloringi for neckwear, a good quality, yi entrance and shop in comfort all day. Parlors, g UpC 2truJ Dolls, Wigs and Hair Chains made to order ,_, - m toy3 exdv£vay.
IJ worth 25c a yard, Monday only lfC Cafe, Telephones, Postoffice and many, other .'. - P»^ OOsUtellifcule sftaUBaaaTW * for , .the Holidays. . All work at popvlar J[ QVS» Tha woaderfy coEcct » a °*"
»? -Hair Bowi— sooof conveniences. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE prices. J * toys was gathered by our
*, the litest style ?*£*$&&££: " ~~~ " ' — " ''~' : ' '¦" EuropcxT buyer hsz iprin^
K rr.idc of velvet y^«siisi /^ "B # O • * T • ¦ A ?•• '¦ tirouehout the historic nunu&ctcriag vil^gss
J. ribbon (cot™ (^^^^l I •» | *& f\Y*Y% 1 7i C 1 7i "B^O O C T —. A m />l*f n 91 C No transaction is complete] °! Ge r aa^ ,&
i 52S.SS W^m niCl-3 LUr^g^ i*"/lIIlgriCa 5 r\ tm mcustome7issaisfed: J.-^S."^ W^ff^
K yards each; oa (^^r * ! ' ' ~ * . « ""^ ' * are pretty and in-
i Stiyl^ \^f I (Mail orders are shipped \ (^V7in^O<\ C\\v\ VtlTI?! * 5^5^*2 W^,
{ i 1/ n V. ondavorder is received. \3I ClilvlwH Vlll 131111C13 i3lUI V» ** « marrd, V^- :^^
J. l^C • ¦ - - at.|3O, toy iM^MSl/*
IT - " ~~ ' — '- \ ¦ steamships that ¦ . |»iS^5M
$ " This § reat shopping place to-dav presents a scene of life and brilliancy worth coming miles to see. J^J^tr '-p&£j<^^
* - Thl s is the last week of the wonderful mechanical Holiday Tableaux. Do your Holiday shopping now. Get the first «i 7 .5<>-^ (n&Sb^
\$ DrCSS UOOQS pick from the vast assortments of Holiday goods that our buyers have gathered from all parts of the world. Sd'S^dU /rv^s!\
$ Domn^nt Kn\o The store force has teen increased by hundreds. • .. prices inbetweea: uX&7\§33
J- tV^miiaill 3aiC. ¦ _— 1__ ¦ _,_ Upright Sttzxa
1 1 Onc-Qvarter OfL Genuine M^ «^ «&*« * *» . ; - 1 Photographic forS^nc- - w£ n br7,
\X Another big dean-u? of Dress Goods Rem- GUnMctaL HolLv^gifti. *™ ' ¦?" Wj^iTkW W 7\ JV\A—f% d\J\VS I* PltttCS 2O.Per Cent OIL tke thelSJ boiler, whistle and safety valTe.50c to ?17^0
& 1 nant?, both black and colored, waists, skirt and Plain Match Boxei $^50 BTg \" EL. B B 3 Jrl 7 t^B W M\ M M%^ B** store will sell Cramer's Oown and Banner and Horizontal Hot Air Engines. . .$1.^0 to $7.50
; g a few suit lengths, an of them this season's Match Boxes, with jewel settings— turquoise J§B& "^ **<X 'c/ WJF VTVT^^^H a6x , 7 G £ pIa£eJ g 2Q pcr cent of{ Theaters— Sage with scenery and actors
k riost popular fabrics— on Monday wiil be offered r eir : 5 cr r hm«:o.-.cs.*$4.00, $5.00 and $6 00 *&rti '- • ' regular list prices. Our prices now are: .............. ...... .50c to 520
V at one-quartcr off marked prices. a*£& r^». pi t J ffl$ "' The Emporium's great Book Deoartment now ofFers 3#*3K. *»..-32c 4 *5 , do*.... 52c Hand 5ewinj Machme-A perfect ictcher, um-
h % V Ujarette Cases— Plain, with a sapphire cr / \^Lj^O<V J . ¦ -"r°" u ™J? great dook department now Otters i^ 3^ A ,- ' % > ' d -« p r e strcng; does not eas3r get o«t of
i *: rab - v catch • $5-50 and $7-00 A.U^4 m °" 5 han 3°°,OOO volumes at prices much less than the !&£& dot ' ' ' a^c 6j4xg^! do, ' ' $112 order; any child can operate easilv $1.75
! J> Cigarette Cases— With jeweled setting— tur- f/| )^<%|\ publishers '. Books secular; books sacred; books of science, / . Iron Ranges— Kicfcel finish 25c to $7^0
\& w . ttt- c • f , quobe, peark, opals cr rhbestcnes ......... \M-r^^%$W ° f art » of * fiction and °f poetry; bobjes for children and OrfPTlfni The beautifol Chinece and Tap- Sa|J Boats— Perfect modci . 5c to $12 JO
\f Men'S WmtCr FvrniShmgS. $9-00 to $15.00 books for adul «J books exquisite m their illustration- books „ ?f a1 -- Bazaar on the main/fl^ T^
J Ho, f ay Nec^-ear for r,en advanced ™ Buttons Per ?a , JLOQ to $2.50 in every van,v and form If binding from the plainest to Holiday i »£&£ tt&*t£?J£2
| J..^^ . bI^& Si^^ftli^ . a, , dopant store price, . £^ a^? Wm SSI
» Bovs" Dress G.oves, tan shades, nne kid.. $1.00 __ ... r%. tj . r\ i^ «. — b:g store wifl find many Or^ntal „,/ • ,£. .^" l o ca ,^,1, «7 nn
| SUklnidalHandkerchief^tracu.ntv^OC.SOc Hohday Gift BOOKS NeWCSt FicUOH. r^dl^T S " JM. *^k^^2^£^£2
$ BovsGoltSh^sottbosorr.s.^thone^of in FjUlCy Bindings. p^. "ffltffi. t^JZZJZZ^ilfB^
I s^s^e^^v^oiierv-;;;:;;;^ Kid Glove "^a^^^-oi^si *i^ ' :^^^^^'.^±:: l Y^^\^ ey "' z tw w:^- :rs ~s^s
V Percale Shirts tor men, new patterns. Sl.00 — ¦ , —^ "Sketches and C»rtpons."Gib«on. S.0O 3^»R "Robert Orange." Hobbes l.Su 1JOI There are fine • HRM5"m ?I '»'J? t' • ¥>itt\ " ,/- V-'ti
*» \f»n'c n^Vmr rim-« tin «»>Vi.« cV(i(i'tUft H(Sn *Tp "Pictures of People." Gibson...'. 5.00 a..«*5 "The Master Christian." Corelll. 1.30 1.15 Cloisonnes Bronzes tf£3i<&/riX ao^j-m $2.50 s^-ta $5./3
,% Men s Dm.ng bloief, an shadis. . $1.00, $1.50 jalC. iVC. /N>*. U Drawing, by Remington 5.00 3.W5 "A Georgian Actress." Mackle.. 1.50 1J«O 011 " 65 Bronzes W5tfC\>?j{) Scinch. ... $3^0 tzyZ-ln... $7^0
!jf Men's Fancy Hosiery, 3 pairs.. . 25c *"'*'***'> 7&T1 '' //Ln JL "Down South." by Eickmeyer... LM l^iO "Peccavl." by Hornung 150 l^O I von « Chinaware apJJV^vli' ,ii/;« *i"in lzi~\ ttftftX
g Men's plain blacks tan Hcie^-searnieis, 3 An immense special "S^i^r^SSSSS^ ' 4 -°° ''^^SA't^i^^Zk":^ iJS J^r SSh^^W^ ""
v 7 ir! 25c nurchase o f T arneV by Saniham e.M 4.T5 "The Dra« Bottl-.'- by Anstey.. {.SO 1.2O SiI^ Gowns Si!k Jackets
* • KWGl0«5-Vo M^^^^^M^ a.0« m^^M^M^m 00^ W Couple, in every de^ now
*l — ' xvia — l >^J<^ *rZJ "Janice Merldlth." J vols 5.C0 4.00 : * Ebony Fnrniture -4?sL c 1* arc onr stocks of tne California
» patent fasteners, lat- Jg^^T) — BOVS* and Girls* Sandalwood Goods *Vtnif* iUppiICS. wool Blankea, Down Comfort-
V — , * <, _, . est style, fine erh- - 7/ Children's BonlC^. H «i;j,., 1% 1 t>. « Lacquered Ware Embroidered Screens „, in sillc or sateen coverings, tancr Robe
IK CarnpT^— Flirnttllri 0 K^d«^fWr^ // n... *-* en \ ¥5 ,« Holiday BOOkS. e b e - p°« Chinese Jewelry Fans, etc., etc. Blanket for smoking jackets tad -owns, plaid
¦ £ WUI pCl3— 1 UrilllUrC. WO dcrcd backs— (/j p^ Prj^ 50c (^ Prj^^ 39c ., Llule Berleg> .. AIcott ..JJ 1^ t -^|§S This is tie largest nd handsomrst Bazaar in golf shiwls, etc As th= result of hrw burin.
if Extra Sneciak fnr S r^ S? TanS Children'- Friend Serle.-D.ught- "O^g"^"""/^ l^rneV^ \'£ Hh Fnncisco - Both Chinese and white clerks t>om first hands we show many exclusive styles
» L~\ira IOr Bro W -ns Grays \\hite [ ful books for children between the of "Elsie Bo^k.-M^iu^?!?.?.": J'^l 7U in attendance. Prompt and polite service ac- a£ our usual close seZing prices
?! ThankSqrVinft Week. —on special sale J 1^^ "F^rr e r°GS- CentUry " t% 1 j 1 »2 CCTdcdt ° lD Tisitors ' whether H^F or *<*- Fmest Australian wool White Blankea, per pair
f. ° ° . in the main aisle /Op out ~ „ M "Wonderful Wizard oVoz.'"" by All goods marked in English and plan figures. $9.75 to $35.00
jf Extra Heavy ln S rdns-i yard «-ide; good, Mondav only. ..« -Marjorie-BThrfe "The cfndy Country." -th* U mo7t Mft^Sf 'iSSSfta Best Calit^rnia wool White Blankets, elegantly
V substantial patterns and colorings; ' ' Girts." "May Flower,." booK this yllr 3 1 50 115 . . finished, pair $4.Q5 to $8 75
5 special this week, per yard 35C ' 3^??^^^^^? t*^^^ ft % cJrion JS2
£ Extra Htavy Brussels Orpct- Variety of ... swt c™« . - Ani n^ny others aUaVcui A***" 0 >r^&^^\/f Talae ' ** $3 '°°
J good, durable P a K ems; d«irable col- • h "™*£ U^'nesert." — ~ ! ~ D0Wn m ' COTCred b *?** &» fa
I*. orings; special this week, per yard .. ftk/W »- ,.j _. i ..... . "Christmas at Dea- "The Wreck of the i-T^-lr- t T\ l i^^^^^^^^MiZ-i^ new erTects, each '.. .$12.50 to $35.00
I Vilton VdvetS-Wth h^LL borders to JJ 01^ E2n "at rJ«2Z "XSt H lK5^" "^ WOfKS Of PopillaT Elegant Down Comror^, plaint covering
1 S* Y* 1^ I JL r,,.-.. 1 , P»rfi,m«-»- h-,*A VJMiinMiL*-. And dozens of other charming stories for silk cloth— gilt top and fully Illustrated— IS — : — "*T •34-3V "> *y-UU
¦ J. t Dw ,„ .",;¦ - , h3 " m " ! Perfumery, hand- t^W?*^ children by such authors aB Oulda. Lagra E. vota . Publlsher-s^price. J15.00. Our price Fine t2koGne covered Comforters, very stylish
I ft Smyrna Rugs— AU wool, rcvrrsible, hinged some package, containing i\fipft. ' B Richards. Susan CoolldRe Jacob Abbott. »«-Op. New Satsuma Vasts— Gold and colored decora- colorian, best fiSuur, each ' $100
j* end,; size 30x60 inches; rich P at- 7 C one bottle of extract ioj|gffl| 1^ Z™£&W?M&MMS%™ tions-part of a large i mp cmdcn of vases and SB^SlvSd oSfortei'M fc.'wS
• V terns; special this wee*. 4>l.fJ Handsome package, contain- ?5KB?i " : , Scotfn-Workii-21 vo!s.-«*!t Vop^P^b- tea sets just received— price upward from. 50c fillinz, tufted and unusrally good value, ea.-h
.ft Unoletirn— Extra heavy <;ualit»; woKh I C mg one bottle ot extract, one /T^X EmDOriUIIl'S FamOUS ir^in^n^xVr^nJs^rUn^^or^iiW Tea Sets for 6 people- beautiful Oriental decora- .$1.35
\tl 65c; special this week, per square yd. fiJW pacKage of sachet powder, I^NSS pa t» * Umu . cloth-ID vols.-gilt top and fully illustrated. tions in gold and green, remarkably low priced, Jmiwrttd *Phid Oolf Shiwis, best wool, for
; *» Ij ill cane seat, brace arm; 3 Daintv box containh-* one larce HSSsile we i' P, rinted f / onr Vi ar! ; e ,J } 7? e "n.^ood paper various bindings complete works of Dickens. GTOCCFieS A choice assortment of LQaUlSr taOOvLS.
ij spindles in front; Qn^ ° of "*. . S T£AIZ SS? &$£?£& %& §5^ £" Rus^^keS^ and^ LiflUOrS. "^ v^^ , T CombinaUon Card Ca« and Pocket
j 2* I I special this week. 7 DL Other styles, entirely new P ack- Bulletin. etc. etc. * f a«a UqUOrS, ready. Everything for the Book.
}C W- 7) c:H,tw«rH «wM«ir rnn«, ages - - 50c to $3.00 Our Holiday Book BuUctin /rives the titles and trices of hundreds of * Th f nks^ vin 8 tdJe b S 00 * 1 10 ** zad dHnk Genuine Seal, with steriing comers $i.oo
I? French p^te rn-rror^neatl) Atomizers— Colored glass, odd, pretty styles..25c I { JlJ\ SUgar-CUTcd, EmpO- Genuine Morocco, pretty aludea, sterling cct-
» pi^3U^ ; *&*-"? *' ¦ ' Imported Atomirers, hand-painted Bohemian - (f/^V^ rium brand, 4^ ners... $1.00
J : JT y **>, $16 25 o£tt;iesVannewdesig«;;;;;75ctV$^^^^^ Aa ««*» to StCrlm^ A great variety of Sterling Silver r&F\ Monday only.lbl^C Men's Ojar C*s«.
* L^- wcek kpiVt^wT - » 6 '* w * 3<w **"J ri j 1 : the main aisle rear of J., "* articles : for HoUday gifts it de- I JWlM \ Macironl— White or yellow; Grain Calf, tterlag sheld, telescopic $1.00
V ' I7UI LalCndarS store given up to a par- ollVCr. partment store prices. [$... 0J Monday, 5-Ib. box. .. .20c Grain Leather, telescopic 50c
1^ . - tial display of our imme n !e assortment of novelty w i Chain Purses \''ii : 'ii'V\w y California - Fruits — Highest ' Texas Steer Leather, covered frame ... $1.75
Jf Calendars. s xx • ... .$2.50 to $20.66 V2ii->^ Frade, fuU 3-lb. cans, in Letter Cases.
g Extension Table— As in picture; solid oak, Ladies' Whiter Flannelette Gowns, Decorated Calendars, upward from 5c / X Girdles. $4.00 to $10.00 heavj- sjtu ? , regularir 30c; Grain Leather, foil sue, colored cr black <S5c
5 u^fin /^ 3T^ TI«^«».c»««« «t^ Sk5rTs and Bath D«corated Book Calendars, 6 pages .^ -rv 8c / *_ \ Hair Brush and Comb in Monday only, per can 25c Grain Leather cal/ lined "$1 00
£ S^ft. S ~Mr Undergarments. Robes. Largest as- Ouoution Calendars, 6 pages Z^^JS satin-lined box. .$1.85 P»«m PuddinJ-Gordon & Dfflwmh's, *-&. SSduw^ 5«?'aS leather' wdl na'^ IS
5 f,r'r« /'~* <^nk sortments, best cjualiries, department store prices. Illustrated Authors' Cakn Jar, 22c C^^^^ Hair Bru.h.s . can, ,-lb. can 22c g^^ nSTWhS^sV " V> 00
* "U" - - ¦ rr.'.v-y Q J#ttr Ladies' Flannelette Bath Tableaux Ca'.endits, mam -fancy drsirns.. . .29c Wgjg^^g $2.50 to $6.00 Seeded Muscatel Raisins— i-lb. picl^aie... 10c nthtr \. f * *,' Crt in *o ',~Z '
\$ ?««« H fe^Sl-fi **® Robe-Or fuD-length Chinese Calendars i [.. 45c to $1.50 JPi^g Cloth Brushes. Prunes-Fancy Sanu Clara, 50 to 60 to the Othtr styUsfrom $2. 5 O to SS.C0.
\tC fiu^dlfP, Q <r^&^ V^ Kimona, of rlne fancy Cat Calendars, from 35c to $J.35 $2.75"to$5;66 lb.; Monday, 4 lbs 25c Cigarette CaSC5.
*I w^ , m>' ' " ~i^yg /Ct^/x'N. tennis cloth, with the California View Calendars, from . . 50c to $1.20 •^?^?<tvJ0Hr^c3» Match Boxes Peels — Best citron, orange or lemon, lb 15c Grain Leather, telescopic 75c
* carvc £ fcL*-*' Hi /§KX$t<\ wIid coIor fiajp on iHc'^Kjs^cKKL - 85*c' to $5' 66 Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey — Monday, per Imitation Gun Metal, hin S e cover 40c
$ SndtShed-re.ularlvf.aco. tfOHP S¥^\ Upel and cuffs; a useful, — Ma^CttrVSct, .".. bottle 73c Heavy Nickel, hinged cover 25c
S SSS'iS ' S8.75 l^^j *»*»*"* Pri"^ K»- i^i „ \ *&~4*±f' ....$3.50 to $20.00 Sauterne-Our good 75c F« gallon grade, — — — _
!^ 01 w «r "y-iTL V\ Vflffltfa c , mcnt v •• $2.50 $1^0 Books r e have dosed out the . • Mirror,. $5.00 to $11.00 Monday 55c Th c Manvf acturer's Sale
I- Parlor Set— Mahogany-finished framrs; uphol- tS g-ffl Flannelette Skirts — Deep i* J 1*> bailee of the publisher's Combs.... 50c to $2 00 Best Boiled Cider— Ten gallons reduced to one; **„«?* „„,! D«tt*» f|.t1,^«
J. nered in velours and damask; 5 piecei, aU #3 6-bch ruffle, yoke band, Monday 12C. nock of two very hand- Napkin Rtngv ..'.". 85c to $5ioO Monday, per bcttk 25c M^TiS and fiOyS tlOUimg
j^ new and pretty designs; regular- tfOI HC £5 icJ^A Amoskeag cloth, each .. some Art Books, of genuine historical value Nethersole Bracelet 50c to $2 00 F' ne Kentucky Bourbon — Full quart bottles 70C OH ttiZ Sl.00
$ ly $27.50; special all this week k|Jiil.f»J t=ij 50c to thoce inter«ted in the development of Bread Tray, beaded pattern! "in Yatin-lined case that sell regularlv for |i.oo; Monday onlv.SOc • r«-,t?_.. rt# 3 A ilT^^lr
J? Mji Em£ti} 'Flannelette Skirt— Deep Japan; one book consists of seventeen pbtes . .' ......I.. $18.66 '' * COnUnUea AnOUier WeeK.
If ~ """" n}^ wiiiLbi 1: -'nch flounce, with of Japanese civil costumes, beginning at the Sugar and Creamer, in satin-lined box .".. $17.50 —, 1 • - w h il_ 1 AQ new, up-to-<iaa, nylish dothing made
J. (tut P^H;^, 3" incl1 ed .?" m ?i assorted eighth cer.tun-, with interesting reading mat- Brush, Comb and Mirror, in satin-lined box .. TnflllKSglVIll^ " eto ! bought at a wear, the balance of the winter
j k* r Enameled Bed r?| ttitiS*^ patterns of Medici bee .. ter, and on; book consists-«f Japanese mili- , m . . ; $5 00 RlVi^trr^ f&C j ' * se J eT 7/ lun " itocks of several prominent New York manu-
!^ &—^^I^^-S As in picture- 75c tary costumes of the period between the tenth Military Brushes— Per pair. . tvwuiUJ, wu dred fell - bweng &ctarer$> bought by us and being sold at an
¦S (]>. I I -^andili Knit Skirts— For fall wear; and lixtcenth centuries. .They were published ..$5.00, $6.00, $7.66, $8.66 K^" 5 '. lox —^ average of about 70c on the $1.00."
Ik* U— — W£—LeSr>. feet width?- ckady made cotton ikhts, shaped yokes, / in to sell at $ 1.50 each; on Monday only \*\ n Cut Glass Pepper and Sato, silver top, per pair IO /* I", f*^ iT#3^ Men's $12^0 Sack Suits, all-wool, nobbr ef.
>K has S-inch red, blue, pink and bUck .....50c a few hundred of them will be sold at. ISC 85c to $3 66 / \&&1 f eca $3.95
t rViii=fi^ :^ <^ < j posts, brass Heavy Knit Skirts— Blue and red, with colored • high; ht regu- V^^-^^r-ZS&v^ Men's $17.50 Overcoats. Raglans, New Ox-
*5 F''^>v ij "^SSv trimming- spe- zones at bottom * .$1.00 r ??" 7 m lord3 » Kerseys, many of them sTk-lLned
|?» I ¦'^¦**^~-~$&il rial all this 'week All-Wool Knit Skirts— With knit alk stripes, ,«-, , w , . r HoIldaV Lakes' and men's Umbrellas, , 8 maa S throughout; •. $10.55
8 S&| ! OTSSmH tfI%M deep yoke, red, blue and black $j 15C IWOOl Flannels ¦^y olJ >> we •»; }," J~. 11 w i t h riovdtv handles; a Men's Ovmoat5, worth up to | 3 5. cc, sals
g **Kjf :*: Z''V'<* s Sr'- c . l fi $2 50 Udies ' Flannelette. Gowns -Good widths, »T Half DHce ?vt *$ P^" of Umbrellas, splendid assortment of k=gh- for u fc r -v P«ce .$17.75
, , _ 1 .p^.JW good flannelettes, braid on collar, weU made. al n ?, U " P " C J C ' Calf^ "ade, heavy grade good,. Useful and alwavs acceptable hoi- turkev These are the b«t quaHtywith re- $ u p $ Kue Ch<-_
$ Piano St00!s-New line, very low prices. 7 5c MY Y "« twilled Flannels (every yard weighs iday ¦ . . - movable grate and mckel-plated 1 vennlators- r^ Cajjim £
X Morris Chairs and Rockers-Jet opened a Ladles' Flannelette Gowns-Of heavy fine " °™«s)>J u « thing for warm skirts, SterUng silvrr trimmed handles, from t T J£a LD 13 Co 19 ...$6.93
I ** handsome new line for the holidays; many flannelette, in neat stripes, double yoke, pearl ™ en '» shlrts ' etc "' worth 35<= a yard, -JO _ _ $ , M ° n^ y ( a «| T «*»y«} c f «" fj \C* Boys' $3^0 School Suits, all wool. . . $248
£ beautiful novelties. buttons, etc * 8 5c (ot ......... .\ .. .: •• AO^ Ivory- handles, from. ..; $2.00 to $15>0 day, it quantity on hand lasts.). .. V*/W And raany other equally as good bar^iins.
% ___^ . _^^__
ADVERTISEMENTS.
p ce JS^1
I TC-VOSROW A/pJ
,C (Monday) between / 9 B B ¦' \ K
X the hours) of 19 / H >mH l^Mc
$ anrt 12. we tvIII / H I C, \>
g sell to as many I Mr-m \.w X/
* ladles as can be / . %^i. t,U K
r the well-known |/fj|f&T« l _|_' j'l'fi
i VICI KID YV^t^A
a button \J% — 7j£!sa
1 SHOE §^ ,/gg
For gee w \m
After 12 o'clock \\\ nVtuS
then* ghoes ttI'.I *4 H\%M5
s not. be sold for a »
Ik cent less than W
V- ~ui are c? to \. iH\ n n\f^3
2 date — »iie* com- \.\\\ f|\\\US3
5 plete. Or.ly one \- V UiUPj
£ pair sold to each ' V. \ I ' i f§
fc person. •-¦- lu i » jgf
1 Children's \il\*ig\
t .Strnn |n P
3 Robbers lUb |
STANDARD SHOE CO., 1
1029 Market St., 1
S Between Sixth and Seventh sta. J¦ .The" COLORADO MIDLAND RAILWAY will
j-iin every, Monday from Los Angeles at 10:3) p.
m. and every Tuesday at 6 p. n>. from San Fran
cisco;! a personally conducted through Pullman
tourist aleeper to Chicago, via the Rio Grand*
WetMra. Colorado Midland and Burlington
routes. Bait Lako City and Denrer in day
light. For; further Information address ~W. . H.
jDAVEI^PORT. General Agent, San Francisco.
New Overland Tourist Car Line.
White— I understand young Green lost all the money his
father left him on the races, and he's now looking for a Job.
He won't have so soft a thing as he has had.
Brown— Oh, I don't know: he'll havo a soft thing as long: as
he doesn't lose his head.— Chicago News.
. Hetty (as they leave the church)— Mamma, why do they
have those . big ¦ golden eagles in the church?
* Freddie (explaining)— It's: 'cos they'r* birds of pray, of
course, stupid!— Plck-ile-Up. /
This opposition has been more than once effective against
appropriations j for Government irrigation works in the West, and
there is reason to apprehend that its effectiveness will . be felt in
the future. It would seem, then, that the Western irrigators
should seek the means for an object lesson otherwise than by
direct appropriation. Such means may be readily found in. the
leasing to stockmen of the public domain in the arid region wher
ever the highest value of; the land is for grazing, and the devotion
of the proceeds ; to installing; Government reservoirs to hold the
storm water and It to land that -may be cultivated ¦ if steadily suira'llM
with moisture. This • will .. make one * hand wash .the other, without takinW anv of
the proceeds of taxation out of the Federal treasury. : . «"uns any or
Like charity, it will bless. the giver and the receiver, for It will benefit **•«
range men who pay, the, annual price of the ; lease • and the agriculturists and set
tlers who will receive the benefit' of Its Investment In irrigating works 1
It is^uch a practical proposition ahat- one. la; amazed that there should ba
delay In legislating.it Into legal existence, and that there should be any opposition
The i three subjects, leasing, the", ranges.' preservation of the forests and stor
age of water, for irrigation, are so closely related ,that they must go toKethet-7n
order for any one of them to be successful.;, Primarily, they arc all .Western inter
ests, •¦ located In the same field, covering the earns territory. Western men muat
supply the impetus that is • to accomplish them, ; and . If the transfer of control "of
the ; Irrigation , Congress to 'the East mean * a wholesome • alliance of • th« * ?*»«» «ec
tion« ot th+ country lor thair accomplishment bo much the better.
The statement is current that Eastern manufacturers see in
the development of the arid region, and its subjection to settle
ment, a desirable enlargement of their home market. Against
this is the objection of the Eastern land owner to Government
appropriations to bring land into competition with his own — to
the reduction of its value.
He seems to have much reason on his side when he declares
that he is not the beneficiary of public appropriations. The Gov
ernment has done nothing to make or keep his land fertile; there
fore why should he be made, an involuntary contributor to the fer
tility of land the products of which will compete with his in the
final market? .
I HE control of the National Irrigation Congress has grad
1 ually drifted from the arid region to the East. The change
is now accomplished, and is too recent to enable definite
judgment of the effect upon the .interests involved.
LEASING AND IRRIGATION.
«* ' ?I was mimicking Professor . Bore yesterday and he
taught me."
a fool of my«lf."-Chlcaso
Chronicle.
Miss Pepprey-You don't mean to eay that you absolutely
<S ° ChSlyiAw. really. I don't even do that- My man attends to
evVythlng, y' know.— Philadelphia Press.
"Jane came home to-day crying and # eald she was sure
George no longer loved her with his whole heart. And they ve
been married only two months.'
"Jane's a goose. Anybody who looks at George knows that
hla heart's all right. It's his liver -that's gone back on Jane."
— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Frienfi— I wonder, Ethel, that you allowed that Frenchman
to klfis you In the conservatory-
Ethel— I could not help It.
Friend— Why couldn't you?' .- - • ¦
Ethel-Because I can't speak French.-Colller's Weekly.
Mistress — Bridget, I hope you don't light the flre with
kerosene? ....
Cook— DIvlI a bit, mum! Ol wets It down wld kerosene an'
lolghta It wld a match.— Judge.
Mrs. Maternal— I ' am sorry you are going back to Germany.
Had I not better pet another, music teacher for my daughter?
Professor Von Note— Id ees nod necessary. Bh« knows
«*ou*h museck to get married on.— New York Weekly.
r Aye, thanks, though tremulous the thanks expressed
Thanks for the battle at its worst and best —
For all the clanging fray
Wlwse discord dies away
Into a pastoral song of peace and rest.
VIII.
Even thus we thank Thee for the wrong thafgreiv
Into a right that heroes battled to
With brothers long estranged
Once more as brothers ranged
Beneath the red and white and starry blue.
VII.
We thank Thee that our land is loved of Thee-—
The blessed home of thrift and industry —
With ever open door
Of welcome to the poor —
Thy shielding hand o'er all abidingly.
VI.
So, let us thank Thee, with all self aside,
Nor any lingering taint of mortal pride
As here to Thee we dare
Uplift our faltering prayer,
Lend it some fervor of the glorified.
r And let us feel and know, that being Thine
We are inheritors of hearts divine
And hands endowed with skill,
'And strength to work Thy will
'And fashion to fidfillment Thy design.
IV.
r And, Father, give us first to comprehend
No ill can come from Thee. Lean Thou and lend
Us clearer sight to see
Our boundless debt to Thee,,
Since all thy deeds are blessings in the end.
III.
r A multitudinous voice, wherein zee fain
Wouldst have Thee hear no lightest sob of pain —
No murmur of distress,
Nor moan of loneliness,
Nor drip of tears, though soft as summer rain.
I.
T^'ATHER, all bountiful, in mercy bear
JL With this, our universal voice of prayer.
The voice that meds must be
Upraised in thanks to Thee,
O Father, from thy children czcryivherc.
After the breakfast Mr. Teller makes a magnificent speech in Rose's honor, in which he tells
how many times he has acted before the Queen. Mrs. Telfer tells how many times she has played
tragedv-mieer.s and declares that "as parts they are not worth a tinker's oath." Arthur makes a ter
rible mess of resoondini? to the toast of Rose's health. Rose, after mounting a chair excitedly to de
liver her farewell speech, breaks down crying at the prospect of leaving her old friends. So ends the
first act. '
¦ The second act shows us Rose living "on approval" with Arthur^ highly respectable family.
Vice Chancellor Sir William Gower. Arthur's grandfather, is a testy old gentleman, who will allow
no noise in the house while he is taking his after-dinner nap. who grows furious if any one disturbs
his game of whist, and who cannot endure the sound of a piano, although he has one in his draw
ing-room. Poor Rene like-; to sing, to talk and to laugh; she rebels against the numerous "rules
of the house." and Arthur is powerless to help her. One evening, after all the household but herself
had retired. Rose receives a message to say that Coloovs. Wrench, Gadd and Avonia are waiting in
the street to see her: just. then it comes on to rain violently. Rose of course brings them In out of
the storm. She is delighted to see them, enjoins them to be very qui;t, but Gadd and Coloovs eet
into a quarrel that rouses the household: the irate Sir William appears and berates Rose's friends as
"gypsies." This she indignantly resents: releases Arthur, telling him that she is sure she has made a
mistake, and then leaves the house with her old comrades, exclaiming "Back to The Wells again, back
to The Wells."
So Rose returns to The Wells (Act III), but alas! she Is soon discharged, for she has lost the trick
of handling the trash which in the old plays she once thought gold. "We are only dolls," she says
to Avonia. "partly human, with mechanical limbs that WILL fall into stagey postures, and "heads
stuffed with savings o'it of rubbishy plays. It isn't THE world we live in. merely A world— such .1
queer little one! I was less thin a month in Cavendish Square, and very few people came there: but
they were REAL people — REAL! For a month I lost the smell of gas and oranges, and the hurry and
noise, and the dirt and the slang, and the clownish ioking .it The Wells. I didn't realize at the
time the change was going on in me. I didn't realize it till I came back. And then, by decrees. I
discovered what had hippened." :
Avonia condoles with her, but she has her own troubles, issct forth in 'he following scene. Gadd
(nimv truirried to Avonia) enter'; with a wild look:
TOM — Anything wrong. Gadd?
GADD— Wrong! wrong! n-hat d'ye think?
AVON I A— Tell us!V
GADD — I have been asked to appear in the pantomime!
AVONIA— (Shocked).' Oh. Ferdy! You!
GADD — I, a sqrious actor if ever there was one, a poetic actor — !
AVONIA— What part. Ferdy?
GADD — The insult, the bitter insult! The gross indignity!
AVONIA— What part, Ferdy?
GADD— I have not been seen in pantomime. for 3'ears, not since I shook the dust of the T. R. Stock
1 ton from mv feet.
AVONIA— Fcrdv. what part? ,' •:-
GADD — I simplv looked at Burroughs, when he preferred his request and swept from the theater.
AVONIA-What part. Ferdy?
GADD — A part. too. which Is seen for a moment at the opening of the pantomime and not again till
its close.
j AVONIA— Ferdy!
GADD— Eh?
AVONIA— What part?
GADD — A character called the Demon of Discontent.
(Rose turns away to the fireplace; Tom curls himself up on the sofa and is seen to shake with.
. laughter.)
AVONIA — (Walking about indignantly). Oh! (Returning to Gadd). Oh, it's a rotten part! Rose,
dear, I assure you, as artist to artist, that part is absolutely rotten. (To Gadd) — You won't clay
it, darling?
GADD— (Rising). Play it! I would see The Wells in ashes first!
AVONIA — We shall lose our engagements, Ferdy. I know Burroughs; we shall be out. both
of us.
GADD— Of course we shall. D'ye think I have not counted the cost?
AVONIA— (Putting her hand in "his). I don't mind, dear— for the sake of your position— (strucV
COLPOYS— (Outside). Is Gadd here, Miss Trelawny?
COLPOYS— I want to see him.
GADD— "Wrench. I'll trouble you. Ask Mr. Colpoys whether he approaches me as a friend, an acquaint.
ance, or in his capacity of stage manager at The Wells— the tcol of Bunourhs. ; , ~-=
(Tom opens the door slightly. Gadd and Avonia Join Rose at the fireplace.) ¦
T0M-(At the door, solemnly). Colpoya, are you here as Gadd s bosom friend, or as a mere tool of
Burroughs? . „ . _ V ¦ -J" '
(An inaudible colloquy follows between Tom and Colpoys. Tom's head is outside the door; his lers
are seen to move convulsively, and the sound of suppressed laughter Is heard.)
GADD— (Turning). Well, well? , ,
TOM— (Closing the dcor sharply and facing Gadd with great seriousness). He Is hero as tha tool of
Burroughs.
GADD— 1 will receive him. ...
(Tom admits Colpoys, who carries a mranlr.g looking part and a letter.)
COLPOYS— (After formally bowing to the ladies). Oh, oadd. Mr. Burroughs instructs me to ofter you
this part In the pantomime— (handing the part to Gadd)— Demon of Discontent.
(Gadd takes the part and flings it to the ground; Avonia picks it up and reads it.)
COLPOYS-You refuse it? ,_
GADD— I do. (With dignity.) Acquaint Mr. Burroughs with mv decision, and add that I hope his pan
tomime will prove an utterly worthless one. May Boxing night, to those unfortunate enough to find
themselves in the theater, long remain a dismal memory, and may succeeding audiences, scanty and
dissatisfied—!- (Colpoys presents Gadd with the letter. Gad-i opens it and reads.) I leave! (Sitting.)
The Romeo, the Orlando, the Clifford— leaves!
AVONIA— (Coming to Gadd. indicating some lines in the part.) .Ferdy, this ain't so bad. (Reading.)
¦'I'm Discontent! From Orkney's Isle to Dover
/ To make men's bile bile-over I endover— "
GADD— 'Vonla! (Taking the part from Avonia with mingled surprise and pleasure.) Ho, ho! No. that'*
not bad. (Reading.) i ./ ... , ..
'•Tempers, though sweet. I whip up to a lather.
; ;.., - Makr wives hate husbands, sons wish fathers farther."
'Vonia, there's something to lay hold of here. (Rising.) Gus, I have thought this over. I PLAY IT!
(They all pather round r.nd congratulate him.)
That is the sharpest stroke of satire ever directed against the store. I wender that Mr. Pinero found
an actor willing to play this part. • ; ? • But to our story. Rose Is discharged, but she- finds an unex
pected friend in Sir William, who comes to ask her help in his search for Arthur, who has disappeared. This
help Rose cannot give, for she does not know that for love of her Arthur has left his home to become an
actor. Her forlorn condition touches the old man's heart, and when he hears that Tom trench and Imo
gen want eight hundred pounds to brinp out Tom's play, wherein Rose is to play the leading: part. Sir
William agrees to supply the money. The act closes (somewhat weakly) with Tom reading his play to Sir
William and his new-made friends of the profession. , •
The fourth and last act shows the first rehearsal of Tom Wrench s play, 'Life. It contains a most
amusing sketch of an old-fashioned actor and stage manager. O'Dwyer, wMo Is placed In sharp enntrast
-w'th Wrench and Imogen, representing tho new school of management and aetlns. Sir William, still testy
but evidently softening, comes to the rehearsal; he is grieved at the loss of his grandson, and when that
lo*t grandson appears (sonu what too opportunely) as an actor In Life, the old man can hold out no
longer. Arthur is forgiven, and Tom— well, poor Tom makes belleve^that he Is happy^ because she Is happy.
Though far less common than they were forty years ago. there Is not one of the theatrical types here
represented but has Its original on the stage to-day. I have known them, every one: had you. good reader,
known them also, I am sure that you could not fall to b« to their faults a little blind, and to their many
virtues very kind.
But if we may not see 'Trelawny" we may at ieflist read it. Mr. R. H. Russell has published it
in sumptuous style, and to him I am indebted for being able to give some account of it to-day.
The period depicted is that of the early sixties — the time when Tom Robertson was struggling for
recognition; when "Naturalism" in playwriting and "Repression" in acting were unknown; when
ladies wore crinolines and when the vast majority of English-speaking people still considered it
wicked to go to the theater. * * * The scene of the first act is the sitting-room of Mr. and Mrs.
Telfer, tragedian and tragedienne of the Bagnigge Wells Theater. Preparations are being made for
a breakfast— a farewell breakfast to Miss Rose Trelawny. leading juvenile lady of The Wells, who is
about to resign from the company in order to marry Mr. Arthur Gower, non-professior.a!, and mem
ber of a highly respectable Presbyterian family that detests the theater. "Rose is 19. wears washed
muslin and looks divine. She has much of the extravagance of gesture, over-emphasis in speech
and freedom of manner engendered by the theater, but is craceful and charming, nevertheless."
Bidden to the breakfast are Miss Imogen Parrott. leading, lady at the Olympic Theater, and
Rose's fellow actors at The Wells: Gadd, the leading juvenile man; Colpoy3. the Low Comedian:
Avonia Bunn. the Soubrctte. and Tom Wrench. Utility. (The last mentioned is understood to be a
character sketch of Tom Robertson.) Here is a specimen of the inimitable theatrical chat thit ore
cedes the breakfast:
/ GADD — (Coming to Imogen in an elegant, languishing way). Imogen, my darling fleissinsc
¦j her). Kiss Ferdy.
IMOGEN' — Well. Gadd. how goes it — I mean how are you?
GADD — (Earnestly) I'm hitting them hard this season, my darling. To-night. Sir Thoma3 Clif
ford. They're simply waiting for my Clifford.
IMOGEN — But who on earth is your Julia?
GADD— Ah! Airs. Telfer GOES ON for it— a venerable stop-gap. Absurd, of course: but we
daren't keep my Clifford from them any longer.
• IMOGENE — You'll miss Rose Trelawny in business pretty badly, I expect, Gadd?
GADD — (With a shrug of the shoulders). She was to have done Rosalind for my benefit. M133
Fitzhugh joins on Monday: I must pull HER through it somehow. I would reconsider my bill,
but they're waiting for my Orlando, waiting for it. (Colpoys enters — an insignificant, wizen little
fellow who is unable to forget that he is a low comedian. He stands L, squinting hideously at
Imogen and indulging in extravagant gestures of endearment, while she continues her conver
sation with Gadd)
COLPOYS — (Failing to attract her attention). Mv love, my life!
IMOGEN — (Noddirrg to him indifferently). Good afternoon, Augustus.
COLPOYS — Ridiculously). She speaks! She hears me!
A B LETT— (The waiter)— holding his glove before his mouth, convulsed with laughter— Ho, h»!
Oh. Mr. Colpoys! Oh. reelly, sir! Ho dear!
GADD — (To Imogen, darkly). Colpoys is not nearly as funny as he was last year. Everybody'3
saying so. We want a low comedian badly.
DURING the ten weeks that Mr. Henry Miller was in San Francisco last summer there »epose.J
in his trunk the manuscripts of two plays that he would have presented had not that Young
Person's Delight, "Heartsease," attracted such crowds of tear-bedewed maidens that he could
not afford to withdraw it. These two plays were •"The Importance of Being Earnest." a mas
terpiece in its class, and Pinero's comedietta of theatrical life "Trelawny of The Wells." When Mr.
Miller returns to us it will not be under the management of Mr. Frohman, who owns the Amei
can right to these two plays; it is not probable, therefore, that we shall ever see them, and for this
deprivation we are indebted, be it ever remembered, to the success ot that third-rate sentimentality.
'"Heartsease."
The press of the country should hasten to assure Bishop Pot
ter of its sympathy in the great and practical and Christian work
he has set for himself.
Impatience for results must be avoided. The cancerous evils
to be extirpated have been long in taking root; they cannot be
destroyed in a day.
That city has had the Parkhurst and Lexow investigations.
The 'first, unfortunately, seemed planned and carried out for sen
sational and the second for partisan purposes. The Bishop seems
clearly desirous of avoiding both. In declaring that New York is
to be morally redeemed, not by emotion, nor denunciation, nor
pessimism, and that, in the work, differences in nationality, relig
ion and' politics must be laid aside and forgotten, he. exhibits
a practical purpose that goes straight to one object, ignoring all
else. . .1
He means that if Tammany itself, even though it be now the
bloated, and blotched beneficiary of the sins of the city, shall offer
to elect upright courts and reform the police methods and enforce
the law, and its good faith is in -positive evidence, those who aim
at the moral result alone should accept even Tammany as the in
strument of regeneration. But if, on the other hand, Tammany,
the responsible protector of all that makes the city as foul as
Sodom, shall show a skin impervious to public opinion, the
Bishop's idea involves the impression of the conscience of men
hitherto the supporters of Tammany, to an extent that will with
draw them from its support and give their strength to any move
ment in politics that is pledged to enforce the law and minimize
vice.
- A committee of 25.000 led by such" men as William E.
Dodge, Charles S. Fairchild,' George Foster Peabody, Seth Low,
Bishop Potter, Minot J. Savage, Father Ducey and Father, Mc-
Glynn, would peacefully revolutionize that city in a year without
stepping a hand's breadth outside the law.
To exactly follow the methods of the old committee of San
Francisco in New York City would be injurious to the whole
country, for it would be misunderstood by the world. Therefore
this cannot be meant by Bishop Potter. An observer, at this
distance, with the perspective of a continent between us and the
scene, would interpret the Bishop's meaning- to be that a cleans
ing committee of 25,000 shall use the means of publicity, turn a
searchlight upon the hideous vices planted for profit in New York
by its present rulers, and so influence public opinion as to compel
enforcement of the law by those whose duty it is to administer it.
Its proceedings were singularly dispassionate. Mere revenge
had no apparent place ( in its proceedings. Personal motives were
absent. Its sole animus was a desire to cleanse San Francisco of
crime, for the public good. Its work was effective, but it had no
legal sanction. , * v
But it had no legal existence. Its sole reason for being at
all was the failure of the law in the hands of .those charged with
its execution.
It has not since been questioned that the conclusions
reached by the committee were righteous. It took life, but it gave
the accused a trial. In a way it preserved the forms of law and
was respectful of the established rules of evidence.
Our committee was an extra-legal body. It was not organ
ized to ! aid courts and officers of the law in performance of their
statutory duty. It took the place of the legal authority, and with
no warrant except force, the power to have its way, proceeded
to administer justice in its own fashion. It was not a mob, nor a
legal body, nor an adviser and abettor of the public authorities
in enforcing order. It did not resemble any organization nor
movement that preceded it, nor have any since, its day resembled
it. It was peculiar and individual, with no past example nor pre
cedent to follow. In its presence courts were paralyzed, their ex
ecutive officers were silent, their processes were suspended. The
committee was not created to help the constituted authorities en
force the law. It enforced the" law primarily, itself, by , its own
process and decree. *
BISHOP POTTER is in earnest in his determination to im
prove the morals of New York City.
His suggestion that a vigilance committee of 25,000
men be organized needs some explanation, because he cites the
Vigilance Committee of San Francisco as a model. ..•_ ,
CLEANSING NEW YORK-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
SUNDAY .y. .... NOVEMBER 35, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.*
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBlJCATION^OFriCli^:?/^ Third, S. F.
V.
II.
AMERICA'S
THANKS
GIVING
1900
26
TRELAWNY
OH THE WELLS
If Tou're In a Hurry Take the "Over-
land Limited,"
Leaving San Francisco dally at 10 a. m via
Central Pacific. Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern railways, and arriving at Chicago
at 8:30 a. m. the third day. A «olld vestibuled
train of superb splendor, carrying Pullman
double ' drawing-room sleepers, dining • car and
buffet smoking and library car." San Francisco
to Chicago without change. Only four days to
}Cc w York . end Boston. If you want luxury
and comfort _ combined with speed and safety
take th« "Overland Limited."
A man gains strength every time he ad
mits his own weakness. •
Special information supplied dally to
busines-r houses and public men by- the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 MoHt
gomery at. Telephone Main l*ii •
Townsenl s California glace fruits, 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jan ha«
kets, 639 Market, Palace Hote? bunding i
Best eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c; look
out for 81 4th, front of barber & grocery.*
Choice candles, Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
Guillet's Thanksgiving mine* pl». Icecream.
W5 Larkla bU j&qm Eut isx. _, .. -.. •To-morrow's sale of shoes; (1000 pairs' of
•ladles' shoes . and ties, "none i worth B less
than $2, will be placed on" the ' table ~> for
you , to pick from for 60c a pair. Mind
you, this I is by all means ¦ the best ; offer
ever made, at the Shoe Trust Bale of the
Bee Hive Shoe Co., m Market street, near
Be Sure and Attend
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.-A Journal spe
cial from Rome says: In spite of all de
nials, official and otherwise, it Is certain
to-day that the life of Leo XIII hangs
literally by a single thread and that his
death may be expected at any moment.
Always fragile in appearance he has
now become so emaciated that he looks
like a mere spectre. He can no longer
walk unassisted, but spends the greater
part of the day lying or. a couch and Is
unable to take or retain any solid foo<3
His regular hours of meals have been"
abandoned and he is now fed, whenever
hungry, with eggs beaten In old. marsala
biscuits dipped in old port wine and choc
olate beaten with eggs, which alone serve
to sustain his waning forces.
His medical attendants, Drs. Laponl ard
Mazzon . have taken up their residence 'at
the Vatican and take it in turns to remain
constantly with the aged pontiff by night
and by day, while his Lody servant Cen
tral noyer leaves his 'Bide, even taking
his meals in the private apartments of the
Pope. His position is no sinecure, for ha
is compelled to give Leo XIII almost the
game attention that one would give a
child.
Life of the Pontiff Now
Hanging by a Single
Thread.
POPE'S STRENGTH
RAPIDLY WANES
While Des Garennes never had any sol
dierly training in his native land and is
not versed in military maneuvers he is
an enthusiastic swordsman, being a mem-
P er °V. tl \° fencln K club here ln Washing
ton which was founded by the Count and
Countess Cassini. M. Cambon, French
Embassador, and Colonel Mav - vu
The organization he has affiliated "him
self with is what is known as the Gould
Rifles, named as an honor to Miss Hel«>n
Gould in recognition of her work for that
company during the Spanish-American
S a . r L when il was known as Companv D
Fifth Battalion, under command of Cap
tain F. Penrose Smith. *
in recognition of the services rendered
by him to the French nation.
tw! S Ga I ennes , nas , been known since
then as the legal adviser of the French
embassy. He is a native of France, an
American by choice, has studied Ameri
can law and been admitted to the bar in
the national capital. His latest evidence
of allegiance to the United States 13 to
become a private of the National Guard.
Des Garennes speaks English fluently, as
he does also Spanish and German Al
though a Frenchman by birth, hibits
tastes and education he has won no littla
cUles^f a the a i?nlon C ln d ' ffeient
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO-
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.—For the
first time in the history of the National
FH*Ji i orei r^ by bIie aild >, one am '
lated with a foreign embassy has svorn
allegiance to the United States, should-
ered a gun and donned the uniform cf a
private in the volunteer rnilitia of the
national capital. Jean Felix des Garen
f^t^&^&rSSFKZg S£!
ernment, at the request of Embassador
Cambon, conferred a decoration upon him
ATTACHE OF A FOREIGN EMBASSY
ENLISTS IN THE NATIONAL GUARD
Phoenix Stabbing Affray.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 24.— During a
fight in the Serreno saloon on East Mon
roe street this morning Augustine Paral
stabbed Ignacio Robles, and the wounded
man will die. The trouble arose over -a
game of cards.
BOSTON, Nov. 21— Willie Campbell, the
well-known . colfplayer of Scotland, died
this mornins of a complication of dis
eases. . Ho was SS yean old.
Willio Campbell.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 24.— Frederic J.
Picard, a well-known railroad man. Is
dead from pneumonia at his residence in
this city, aged BO years. He was the
builder of a number of roads in the
Northwest. . , .-.•¦-;
Frederic * J. Picard.
SIOUX CITY, Nov. 24.— J. H. Mason,
president of the Sioux City Livestock Ex
change and for nearly twenty years
Identified with the livestock interests of
this section of the West, died to-day at
Pasadena. California, of - pulmonary
trouble. *
J. H. Mason.
HAVANA. Nov. 24.— Captain Cook, for
merly of the engineers' department. In
charge of the sewers and water works,
died ifrom yellow fever at Las Anlmas
Hospital to-day. There are now fifty-five
patients, Including two Americans, under
treatment for yellow fever.
Captain Cook.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 24.— Mrs. Mary B. Cot
tle, a pioneer woman of Santa Clara
County, died at her home here at an
early hour this morning. Sh© was the
widow of Royal Cottle Sr., who died ten
years ago. The deceased was a native of
New York and 80 years of age. Mrs. Cot
tle had lived In this vicinity for forty
three years. Two grown children survive
her.
Mrs. j£ary-B. Cottle.
WATSONVILLE, Nov. 24.— Frank Ald
ridge, a pioneer resident of this valley,
died suddenly at his home near Corralltos
last night as a result of a stroke of paraly
sis. Mr. Aldridge represented Santa Crux
County as Assemblyman in the Thirty
second session of the Legislature, having
been elected on the Popullst-Democrattc
ticket. He was a native of Kentucky and
74 years of age.
Frank Aldridge.
SONOMA. Nov. 24.— Mrs. C. U Maxwell
died at her home near Sonoma this morn
ing after a lingering illness. She was a
native of Knoxville, 111., 67 years old, and
leaves three children — George- H.. Maxwell,
a lawyer of Chicago; Hugh G. Maxwell
and Miss Amy Maxwell, the latter two
music teachers of this place, iurs. Max
well was the widow of the late John M.
Maxwell, a miner of Klamath County
during the fifties and afterward a well
known vineyardist of Sonoma County.
The funeral will take place in Oakland.
Mrs. C. L. Maxwell.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— John Lawson John
stone of Klngswood, Ky., a noted dietetic
expert, died to-day at Cannes, France, of
syncope. He was born In 1S39.
John Lawson Johnstone went to Canada
in 1874 as dietetic expert in connection
with the French Government He made a
specialty of dietetics and their importance
from a medical, military and climatic
point of view. He was associated with
hygienic military rations, specially adapt
ed for emergencies, forced marches, hos
pital comforts, etc. He supervised mod
ern expeditions in thla connection and waa
consulted by various governments.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 24.— Preliminary
steps in the action brought by the Mc-
Donald Water Company against the city
of Santa Rosa were taken here to-day
by the obtaining of the deposition of
Colonel M. L. McDonald In the ofBco of
Attorney J. T. Campbell, who acted as
commissioner. The contention of the
water company Is that the city granted It
an exclusive franchise twenty-six years
ago and that by reason of the construc
tion of the municipal system the company
has been damaged to the extent of £10i>,
000. The city, on the other band, alleges
that it was necessary to find another
water supply on account of the unsan
itary condition of the old company's
reservoir and the lack of supply.
Jhe Pay's Dead.
John Lawson Johnstone.
Santa Rosa's Water Suit.
GOVERNOR THOMAS ORDERS
ARREST OP INDIANS
Bands Are Slaughtering 1 Deer by
Wholesale in White River
Country.
DENVER. Nov. 24.— "Arrest the invad
ing Indians." This was the order Gov
ernor Thomas gave to A. J. Johnson.
Gamekeeper, at the conclusion of a con
ference in the Governor's office to-day.
Commissioner Johnson and Deputv Hol
land at once made arrangements to leave
for the White River country, where 500
Uintahs and Umcompahgre Utes are said
to be slaughtering deer r>y the hundreds.
The commissioner would say nothing
concerning his plans for action, except
that he proposed to go into Routt County,
secure the co-operation of a posse of from
fifty to one hundred men, led cy ihe
Sheriff, and then march against the In
dians.
In the event the redskins put up a fight
the executive has promised that tho posse
shall be reinforced by cavalry from the
National Guard.
BUILDER TRIES TO
BRIBE A GOVERNOR
Endeavors by Fraud to Secure a Con
tract for a Million-Dollar State
House. •
JACKSON, Miss., Nov. 24.— A man
claiming to be J. E. Gibson, a building
contractor fiom Logansport, Ind., has
been taken into custody here on an affi
davit sworn out by Governor Long to the
effect that Gibson had attempted by
bribery to get his Influence that he might
secure the contract for the new $1,000,000
Statehouse which will be let December 10.
According to the Governor's story, Gib
son tried to induce him to open the State
house bids on the day preceding the letting
of the contract and furnish his linn with
the figures so that they could prepare to
bid lower than the others. The Governor
testified that Gibson offered him any sum
he would ask to do this.
.At the preliminary hearing Gibson was
admitted to bonds in the sum of $5000.
CLOSE OF HORSE SHOW.
Exhibition One of the Most Success
ful Ever Held in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— The sixteenth
annual exhibition of the National Horse
Show Association was brought to a close
shortly before midnight to-night at
Madison Square Garden. The exhibition,
according to the expressions of the man
agement, has been one of the most suc
cessful ever held In New York. All the
old horse enthusiasts, who usually reckon
back from the days of the first horse
show week in 1SS3, concede the undoubted
success of the show just concluded. The
crowds have been enormous and the qual
ity of the show itself has been well-nigh
perfect.
As Is the custom, the last night of the
show is always the banner night, and the
programme presented was of the cham
pionship variety, the vast crowd at the
garden applauded vociferously. The show
was brougnt to a conclusion bv the judg
ing of the hunters and Jumpers.
FAMOUS GAMBLING HOUSE
IS DAMAGED BY FIRE
The Texas, at Leadville, Colo., Has a
Narrow Escape From De
struction.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Nov. 24.— Fire yes
terday caused $2000 damage to the famous
Texas gambling house here. The house
was opened in 1877 by Houston & Chap
man of Dallas, Texas, and was furnished
at an expense of 5150,000. Their collection
cl pictures by the best painters was one
of the most expensive In the country.
At the opening of the house the pro
prietors gave a banquet which cost $10 000
ond which was made unique by the fact
that men representing $175,000,000 sat at
the table. Billy Youngson, who bought
out the original owners, went broke, after
killing Marshal Duggan. •
NEVADA'S POPULATION
STILL DECREASING
Number of Residents Official] y An
nounced by Census Bureau at
Washington. '
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— The popula
tion of Nevada as officially announced to
day Is 42,335, against 45,761 In 1S90, a de
crease of 3426, or 7.4 per cent. The popu
lation In 1S80 was 62,266, showing a de
crease of 16,506, or' 26.5 per cent from 18S0
to 1S90.
The population by counties follows:
Churchill. 830; Douglass, 1534; Elko, 568S;
Esmeralda, 1927; Eureka; 1954; Humboldt,
4463; Lander, 1534; Lincoln. 3284; Lyon, 226S;
Nye, 1140; Ormsby, 2283; Storey, 3673;
Washoe, 9141; White Pine, 1961.
Her Welfare.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— The latest heir
to the Vanderbllts lay peacefully dream-
Ing all day to-day of what this wonder
ful worldy to which she Is accredited is
like, while friends of her family showered
congratulations upon her parents and
wished her, through them, long and happy
life.
Several years ago the fortune of Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt, the baby's grand
father, was estimated at $75,000,000. It has
grown steadily since then, and although
there is no exact estimate up to date, his
three children, one of whom Is the new
baby's father, may look forward to an in
heritance of thirty or forty millions
apiece.
The baby is such an extremely good in
fant, and both mother and baby axe In
such good health, that the physicians
were able to give the patient In charge of
the nurses soon after midnight.
All day long a stream of visitors, in
quiring for mother and child, intermingled
with messenger boys and florists and de
livery men, went up and down the steps
of the house.
The baby's layette is probably unsur
passed, even among Vanderbilt babies,
and the gifts will rival those at a fash
. lonable wedding.
New' • Baby Slumbers Peacefully,
While Hundreds Ask as to
CONGRATULATIONS TO
MRS. W. K. VANDERBILT
"While those people are always repre
sented in Washington," said Mr. Morgan,
"they have never been known to make a
tangible proposition. The only thing they
have ever proposed is that the United
States go Into partnership with the
French company. This, on Its face, is ri
diculous. The Panama Canal Company
Is composed of some 400,000 Frenchmen
and a partnership of this kind would
mean war between the United States and
France in a short time. Some $200,000,000
has already been spent on the Panama ca
nal, and it fs yet' far from completion.
The company has more millions to spend,
but its managers realize that if the United
States constructs a canal they can never
hope to compete with it.
VIn this connection I will make a predic
tion that twenty years after the opening
of an isthmian canal owned and operated
by the United States the use of the canal
will be made free to the commerce of the
world, and from the first year tolls can
be reduced to one-third of those charged
by the Suez canal and still provide a rev
enue which will pay interest on the cost
of construction and provide a sinking fund
which In ten' years will entirely reimburse
the United States for the amount . ex
pended.
"To build a canal we now have In the
treasury $113,000,000 of the Pacific Railway
fund. This money could . not be put to
better use. We also have a surplus reve
nue of $80,000,000 a year, and the revenue
of two years would be sufficient to con
struct the canal.
The result would probably have been
slightly different if the Panama represen
tatives had been able to make a definite
proposition, or willing to sell to the United
States. They are not willing to sell and
are not able to sell, and the American-
Panama Canal Company of New Jersey,
formed for the purpose of taking over the
canal from the French corporation, did
not even show that It could get possession
of the property.
Senator Morgan of Alabama, who has
been a most consistent advocate of the
Nicaragua canal, to-day, in speaking of
canal legislation, made the following very
important statement:
"I am in favor of the treaty and I am
in favor of the Nicaragnan Canal bill. I
find nothing to conflict in either. Of
course. In ratifying the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty we do not regard it as absolutely
essentlal to the construction of the
"Do you look for opposition to the
treaty from Senators who regard the for
tification of the canal as essential?" Sen
ator Morgan was asked.
"Of course it is impossible to tell the
extent of the opposition, but no Bane
man regards the fortification of tho canal
as essential. The desire to make use of
the treaty against the administration in
the campaign may have led some to op
pose it at the last session, but with poli
tics out of the way. I should like to see
any man bring forward a valid argument
against any provision of the treaty. No
ono with any judgment will ciitend that
the canal should be fortified. * A propo
sition of that kind is simply ridiculous.
No proposition was ever neard of to
fortify the Suez Canal and no suggestion
of this kind would be countenanced for a
minute by European powers. The canat
should be defended by the navy. Ships
of any enemy of the United States mak
ing use of the canal could be disposed of
one by one as they emerged from it.
They would have to come through singly
and would thus lose their effectiveness as
a fleet." i /""
Speaking of what might be expected of
representatives of the Panama Canal
Company, Mr. Morgan expressed a belief
that their efforts would avail nothing.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HCK
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.-T; the
friends of the Panama Canal Company
the news this morning that the Isthmian
Canal Commission would report in favor
of the Nicaraguan route caused bitter dis
appointment. Representatives of the
Panama company asserted that the Nic
aragua canal would never bo built; that
they would throw diplomatic and other
objections in Its way, and as fcr the
transcontinental railroads, they nad not
beg-un to fight yet. The Panama element
had been expecting an engineering report
from the commission favorable to the
Panama route. They based this on the
fact that they had already received as
surances from tn© commission of engi
neers appointed to visit Panama that they
would report to the full commission that
the route of the French canal waa feas
ible. As the next step they hoped that
enough of the other members of the com
mission would Join In supporting the
Panama company to give them a ma
jority. < -
How the Panama Interest made its
miscalculation is interesting. The com
mission consists of nine member? -Hear
Admiral J. G. Walker, retired; General
P. C. Halnes, General Oswald D. Kr.ist.
Louis M. Haupt, John S. Morrison, former
Senator Pascoe and Professors Burr, No
ble and Johnson.
In dividing up the work Etnst, Morrison
and Burr were the committee on Nicara
gua Pascoe waa assigned to diplomatic
work, Haupt to statistics and Johnson to
the economic questions involved.
It will be seen that Burr was on both
the Panama and Nicaragua committees
and visited both routes.
The Panama committee reported first
and showed that the problem of water
supply in the dry season could be "solved
by the construction of an enormous, reser
voir, so that the canal would have plenty
of water. Friends of the Panama jumped
at the conclusion that their route would
be favored and the United States be In
duced to go into partnership. But "when
the Nicaragua route was favored by the
other committee and Professor Burr, who
is on both commissions, decided in favor
of the Nicaragua as against the Panama,
the French canal scheme suffered a severe
blow. It Is said on reliable authority that
whereas at , one time the commission
seemed to be, evenly divided, * with one
member doubtful, It stands now as fol
lows: For Nicaragua— Walker, Haines.
Haupt, Burr, Johnson, Noble, Pascoe.
For Panama — Ernst, Morrison.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
There Is Now Nothing to Pre
vent Construction of the
Waterway.
Senator Morgan Is Elated and Says
Confidently Believed Their
Canal Route Would Be |
Accepted.
PANAMA MEN
DISAPPOINTED
Allison C. Bonnell was at one time
manager of the firm of J. D. Redington
& Co. of this city, but was dismissed
about four years ago.
At that time a rumor was circulated to
the effect that there J was something
wrong in his accounts. Mr. Redington
would neither affirm nor deny this rumor,
but said Bonnell and his brother were dis
charged for neglecting their duties. • ,
His disappearance was not made public
until last Friday, wheri his wife reported
the matter to the police, who to-day sent
out a general alarm.
Mr. Bonnell was about five feet seven
Inches in height, of light complexion and
cleanly shaven. He wore a mixed goods
suit or clothes, whito shirt with three gold
studs in the bosom and'a derby hat when
he left his home.
Bonnell is well known In San Francisco,
where his father holds a responsible posi
tion, and members of the family have al
ways been welcomed In the best social cir
cles.
Mr. Bonnell was very popular with the
proprietors and patrons of the Clarenden.
which Is one of the exclusive hostelries of
the borough across the river. It was dis
covered, however, that he was making a
habit ot betting on horse races, and on
the afternoon of September 22 he was dis
charged. He wentSa his home and later
went out for a walk. He has not been
seen since.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— Allison Clarke
Bonnell, 35 years old. former night clerk
In the Clarenden Hoter.'has been missing
from his home, at 24 Garden place, since
September 22 last. His wife Is much wor
ried over his absence and fears that some
evil has befallen him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Family Well Known in This City,
Where His Father Is Connected
With First National
JpftTI K.
A Former Sair Franciscan
Missing From His Brook
lyn Home.
ALLISON BONNELL
HAS DISAPPEARED
The Chronicle In reference to the fore
going: says: "During the past fifteen
months a new republic, known by the
name of Acre, has sprung up in the forest
country lying partly in Brazil and partly
In Bolivia. It has been established by a
rich Brazilian banker and rubber dealer
named Arch, who has set himself up as
President over a community of about 20,
000 people, all of whom are In his employ.
Demonstrations have been' made against 1
the little country by both Brazil and Bo
livia."
"Arleopolls," said Mr. Phillips, "is the
capital city of the republic of Acre, the
'Forest Republic' we like to call it by way
of variation, and some call us the Rub
ber Republic. I dare, say the nationality
is not widely known, being new, and to
secure formal recognition on the part of
the United States is my mission. I be
lieve this is the first time that Arleopolls
has been written on any American hotel
register, for I did not stop at San Fran
cisco on my arrival from South America,
being In a hurry to be at Washington be
fore the opening of Congress."
CHICAGO, . Nov. 24.— A special to the
Chronicle from Denver Bays: Henry W.
Phillips, the first Minister to the United
States from the new South American re
public of Acre registered here from Arie
opolis.
Country Lies Between Brazil and
Bolivia and Is Anxious
to Secure Recog
nition.
Henry Phillips Arrives
From Arieopolis in
Acre.
MINISTER FROM
NEW REPUBLIC
TRE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
27
PINOLE, June 23. 1S39.— I take this means 'f
expressing my thanks to Dr. Wons Him, 115-
117 Mason street. San Francisco, for bavins
ctired m« ot kldnay. womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I waa a great sufferer for IS
years and found no permanent relief mxtll I
tried Dr. Wong Htm and ln six months' time
he has cured me. Any person wishing me- to
certify this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BETZ
,' Pinole, Contra. Costa County, Cal.
mSAX FRAXCtSCO» Oct.
6, 1900. — To whom It may
concern: This Is to certify
that DR. WOJJO HliT ot
113-117 Mason street, San
Francisco, has cured me
of kidney trouble aad
rheumatism and I am
happy to make this state-
ment, as I find the Doctor
strictly honest ln every
senaa of the word and an
honorable man tn all hi*
dealings. DR. C. A. GAT, Dentist. 903 Second
av*., Seattle, Wash.
TO THE PUBLIC!
Woeta
Chotn9on
Th» Largest and" Oldest Champagne House la
the World.
White Seal (Grande Cuvee). of ex-
ceptional bouquet and dry dryness.
— Court Journal.
WILLIAM WOLFF A CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. 329 X.rkKSl. |.f.
In mil S u° lrd<r * Bew fail
r Dx. JOT' AUAgTagrCT, BQBtca. X-m
. e^^BJGFURNlTURE EXPOSITION BUILDING )
LION
OilCompany
Just struck a tremendous flowing well.
Holders of this stock or of any other com-
pany ln the Sunset District should send
their address to this office and get our
WEEKLY BULLETIN with full particu-
lars of the development of this well and
all others ln the district. We have an ex-
pert on the grounds constantly.
James R. T. Mershon,
637-538-533 Parrott Building.
PROMOTER
"LION," "MONARCH." "J. S. POTTS."
"PRUDENTIAL." "SUNSET CEN-
TER." "VESUVIUS" and the
"TIGER" Oil Companies, all
In Sunset District.
PHELAN BUILDING.
812 and 814 Market Street.
NOLAN BROS.
Our Windows or Send for Catalogue.
CUT THIS OUT TO ORDER BY.
FOR MISSES AND CHILDREN.
THESE ARE A FEW OF THE MANY GOOD
VALUES WE ARE OFFERING.
¦ A FULL LINE OF
. LAIRD, SCHOBER & CO.'S
PRIZE
WINNERS!
Sizes 6 to 8 $1.00
Sizes 81to 11 $1.25
Sizes US to 2....$1.5O
These Shoes are not cheap Imitations, but
are solid leather and well mad?.
Misses 9 and
Children's
Vicl Kid, Lac3, latest style, coin tee and tip,
medium heayy sewed soles, stitched ed^es.
Bex Cair and Vlci Kid Lace, with hooka,
"spring heel, msdium heavy sewed sole3, ex-
tension edge. Unexcelled fcr style and service.
Sizes 9 to 13 $1.5O
Sizes 13£ to 2. ...$1.75
For Little Gents.
heavy pillar support, also large bevel
mirror and two drawers for jewelry —
the grandest bed ever shown on the
coast; regular value $126; lffcES OO
Pale price 1UO.UU
FOLDING BED, made of finest quarter-
sawed oak, hand polished, with best
double weave wire mattress, has fancy-
top, with mirror; regular Q * FZ.f\
value $30; sale price
Chiffoniers.
A Mahoeany Front Chiffonier— former
price $3o.00; 07 00
sale price A I •\J\J
Curly Birch Chiffonier— full swell front:
former price $40.00; I QQ ECO
sale price -£O.OU
Blrdseye Maple Chiffonier— oval French
plate mirror; former price |Q f\f\
$20.00; sale price I2J.UU
$9.50 Solid Oak f Kf|
Chiffonier / .01/
$25.00 Birdseye Maple \"J Ef|
Dressing Table ¦¦ •****
$40.00 Solid Mahogany OO rtf|
Chiffonier JJ'Jw
AND OTHER F0LDIN6 BEDS.
SOLID MAHOGANY FOLDING BED.
three-quarter size, Pullman palace style,
has best steel springs, solid brass cas-
ters, also large bevel plate mirror,
worth $00.00; r.pecial bargain Jtez f\f\
price
SOLID QUARTER-SAWED OAK FOLD-
ING BED, with large canopy top, with
Wonderful Bargains in
CURTAINS.
TO BE CLOSED OUT REGARDLESS
OF THE COST.
Third Week— Special Sale.
Xew dainty patterns of Rococo Brussels
I-ace Curtains, fine nets*, fast edpes;
would sell elsewhere at $6.50 Q *7Z\
a pair— our price %*•%**
Xew patterns of daintily Corded Swiss
Lace Curtains, best quality net. fast
edges, guaranteed to launder: would
sell elsewhere at $7.50 a pair A Of*
—our price -t**»%j
Elaborate patterns ln Brussels Lace Cur-
tain?, buttonhole edges, very best qual-
ity net; would sell elsewhere "7 OCI
at $12.50 a pair— our price %•*,%*
Chamber Curtains, muslin embroidered,
with cord effect, very beautiful— at $2.75.
$3.00 and $3.50 a pair. Entirely new
patterns: our own importation.
Duchess Point Lace Curtains, very fine
quality, incomparable patterns: would
cell elsewhere at $15.00*a pair Q 7R
—our price °» * «-*
PULLMAN PALACE
Marvelous Bargaios tbat cannot be duplicated in any otber store in the
city. We invite a careful perusal of trjis advertisement.
Bargains in
Carpet and Rug
Department.
Domestic Rugs.
25 Wool Smyrna Rugs, size 9{QQ f^r|
xl2. worth 527.50; price <Z-tUu
2S Wool Smyrna Runs, size 9 IQ 7^
X12, worth $22.50; price »^ # * <*
SO Wool Smyrna Rugs, size 7.6 1 (\ XA
X10.6. worth $22.50; price l\J»tJ\J
The Xew Eiectra Axmlnster Rugrs. size
f .!!::.... w .°.!! h .... 5 f?:*: 25.00
The New Eiectra Axmlnster Rugs, size
£.3x10.6 feet, worth $27.00; t>t> =n
price <£.^.»KJ\J
Bromley's Reverpible Rugrs, size 0xJ2
feet, worth $15.00 If EZ(\
price ll.OU
Large Wilton Rug9. one-third the price
cf Orientals.
10.6 loniar by S.3 feet w1de....j«^O.OQ
12 feet long by 9 feet wide....^30. OO
Hade-Up Carpet Rugs.
JFrom Remnants and Odd Pieces of
•carpets and borders. Some of the best
carpets made. Below we quote some
cf the prices:
TTapestry Brussel? Rugs, size CJ "TCC
6x6 feet, worth $7.50. at «*• * «¦*
*Tapestrv Brussels Rugs, size f* PZ(\
CxS.6 feet, worth S3.00, at.... *J»t9\J
Body Bru«!«els Rugs, size 8.3 If* EL(\
by 1O.« feet, worth $22.00. at. 10«OVF
Velvet Rugs, size P.Sxl2 feet, I fS TSZ
worth $20.00. at I«J»<O
Axminster Rug?, Eire 8.3x11 | ft ezfi
feet, worth $19.00, at "««v
ilVlIton Velvet Rugs, size 5.3x12 1 *r AA
ff*et. worth $22.00. at ¦ * «VfU
3"appFtry Brussels Rues, size 1O Ctrz
S.3x32 feet, worth $l<f00, at... »O«4O
lAxmir.Fter Rugs, size 10.6xO A STfi
12 feet, worth 527.00. at <&\J»tJ\J
Tapestry Brussels Rugs, size 1 £* *7Ct
10.6x12 feet, worth $21.50, at.. •O»(O
Brussels >ICp Body O| IE
Carpets *tJ« Brussels OlilO
SSS* 95c Hi^BBc
fiSSR?..$I.IO E&i££ 4 .$l,25
Velvet Cf n^ 4-vard wide Cn«
Carpets . OhUJ Linoleum DUG
*. __ ___
WE REPAIR AND RE-UPHOLSTER PARLOR FURNITURE.
Send to our Contract Department and our representative will call and
eubmlt plar.s, designs, photos and decorative scheme for your approval
absolutely free of charge.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK.
HOUSE FUBNISEINGS.-
IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION.
GRAND
TTHIS WEEK.
Special Bargains in
PARLOR FURNITURE.
PARLOR SUIT— Solid Mahopany . hand
polished and neatly carved, upholstered
in tine silk velour, empire preen— regular
pr^e spe .?. a . l ... b . a . r . g . a . in ; 70.00
PARLOR SOFA— Upholstered in heavy
French tapestry, nicely carved and
hand polished frame, very comfortable:
regular value 510.00-SPE- IQ un
CIAL BARGAIN PRICE *J«vV
SOLID MAHOGANY WINDOW CHAIR—
Seat tufted in best silk damask, highly
polished frame, regular value $20 00—
SPECIAL BARGAIN ib en
PRICE ID. 50
PARLOR CHA IKS— Upholstered spring
seats, fancy shaped back, hand" carved
and polished: retrular "value $6.50
SPECIAL BARGAIN O oe
PRICE J'JJ
PARLOR DIVAN— Mahogany paneloa
back, hand carved and polished, uphol-
stered in empire preen velour: regular
value ?22.00— SPECIAL BAR- IC eft
GAIN PRICE*. IO.OU
PARLOR CHAIR— Mahogany finish, up-
holstered in silk damask, with open
carved back; several of these odd chairs
out of our best parlor suits; regular
value J7.0O-SPECIAL BAR- A en
GAIN PRICE t.JU
PARLOR AND LIBRARY ROCKERS—
230 samples of discontinued patterns,
representing- all styles. This assort-
ment includes saddle wood seats, up-
holstered and leather cobbler seats, with
high and low backs. If you want a
first-class rocker at an extremely low
price you should see this collection.
The prices are $1.75. $7.50, Q CZ.i\
$0.50 and «J.3U
About 60 Rockers at each price. • Sale
on the great Second Floor.
Dining-Room Furniture
Bargains.
GOLDEN OAK CHINA' CABINETS—
Made of selected quarter-sawed oak,
has bent glass ends, stands 62 inches
high and 37 inches wide. This cabinet
is positively worth $17.50 — II 7 c
Fale price \ •¦•« sJ
$23.00 large size CHINA IQ Eft
CABINET, reduced to lO.OU
$37.50 COMBINATION CHINA CABINET
AND BUFFET, reduced 9Q ftft
Extension Tables.
$16.50 ROUND EXTENSION TABLE,
made of selected oak and finished in
rich art golden oak— sale 51 Kft
price ll««JvF
Our special pedestal round pattern EX-
TENSION* TABLE, 8 feet Jong, made
of quarter-sawed oak— sale Oc ftft
price JJ«vU
SQUARE TOP TABLES, made of solid
golden ash, 8 feet long, bar- *JT K{\
gain at ¦ •3v
GENUINE BUFFET SIDEBOARD; has
spacious cupboard and large linen
drawer, also two small drawers for sil-
verware: also large mirror on top —
worth $40.00; Kfl
reduced to JJ.JVf
ADVEBTISEME2JTS.
VERT LATEST
Straizht Front,
Hand-Mada
SAPPHIRE
CORSETS
saooh $15,00
PER PATH.
10 Gearu St.,
corner KBjuerr.
CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
Royal 'Worcester Cor»
s»t-nttm« Parlors.
BEFORE DURING AFTiER
8. F.. December *. 1899.— Dr. Won* Rim. 113-
117 Mason St.. S. F., Cal.— Dear Sir: For the
beneilt of others I wish to make a statement of
my case, which wax heart trouble. After treat-
ins with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced incurable. Hearing of Dr. Won*
Him. and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, ana
after treating; six months I am sow wall aad
strong*-' Tours, respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW, ion Mission st-, S. V.
*» - - — ri<
k Electric Seal Capes . Crk u 9raHoe : i
'.' Like illustration above-these VOliareiieS *
t* capes are to be on special sale We illustrate above a collar-
K tor three days only— they are .. . VlV » TOllar ,,
U> made of electric seal. fine, whole ette we haAe selected for a spe- >.
1 A Kkins which look and wear like clal three-day sale— very fash- ,•
\ , wal^/T <he «? O i- e JiU?n«Hr e i?n!5 lonable ««lo garments of elec- /
•I fcTh^S^^n el 1l?d n^rJaS tri <= ¦«! ** - beautiful Astra- 1
ft finished with two heads and kan yoke — exceptionally handy X.
'«, four tails— one of the Ftroneef t to slip on— very stylish and un- '.
£E?$e&- UebeS f usuaJly weU *ade-«very ' i
•* l*-lnch -g2O.no ment bears our name, which Is /
'• i 16-lnch So£*°yJ a S uarantce o f Quality... 83. 75 V '
f . j
4 .j. '»' T.
1 Bay your fur» before the holiday rush— stocks are now com- ;• ;
l! plcte and assortments are easiest to choose from. ,1
< This Is the largest house ln the world— we are showing JJ,
t« larger stocks than all other 6. F. stores combined— over 100 "5
\ styles of coUarettes and 75 kinds of capes and an endless as- ',
• , tortment of otn»r fur garment*. •
• you can't afford to pay email dealers a big price for poor ,
' furs when garmenU bearing the Ltebes label can be bought for Ji
V1 less money. V
I J : — — = — : *• l
| i3z~i3?Pgft St.SJF. r
La Grippe .^J^
» World Famous Marianl Toni<
BODY AND BRAIN
raJS^^ S!aco 1S « 3 » Endorsed by M«dioal Profession.
>P^. immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
At Druggists Everywhere. Refuse Substitutes,
ONE PHDCC
/*^|g|||k BOTTLE bUnto
/ MCBURNEY'S
VfA ijrw A thorough ctao tar
M I £ pal as ln t hz back,
VJ A BHICHTS DISEASB,
M rjv ftmale troubles, incon-
tluencoof axle*, brlci dnst deposits, bed-
vetting of children, gravel, gall Btonee,
dropsy, diabetes, and rneanatisra.
FOR SALE AT -
DAHLBEN*DER DRUG CO.. a* Ksarny St.,
A2iT> AT
THE OTTX. DRUG CO.. 112S Market st.
- SenA Ec In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
418 S. Sprinx St., Los Ancales, Cal., for •
days' treatment. Prepaid >1 50. Druggists. <THE Nursery levee held yesterday
in the Maple room of the Palace
Hotel by the ladles who composed
the board of directors of the San
Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children was a grand success.
Soon after 2 o'clock the spacious hall
was thronged by prominent society peo
ple, the ladies exquisitely gowned, who
visited the booths one after another and
spent their money most liberally In aid of
the good cause. The ladles who had
charge of the different booths took a
breathing spell j socn after 5, but at 8
o'clock the doors were thrown open again
and the levee was literally jammed until
long after midnight. Every article was
told at a good figure, and the manage
ment, which worked for several weeks. Is
to be congratulated upon the splendid re
sults of the affair.
On entering the Maple room the first
booth to attract the eye was the fancy
work booth, presided over by Mrs. R. H.
Countryman. Everything* conceivable in
the fancy work line was offered for sale.
Handsome sofa pillows, dainty linens, pin
cushions, and, dear to every bachelor,
large laundry bags that were guaranteed
not to tear to pieces the first time used.
Mrs. Countryman was' ably assisted by
Mrs. George Warren, Mrs. Gadds, Mrs,
E. Mills and Mrs. Gould. In the evening
Messr6, C. Feusier, Russell Osborn, F. J.
Schuyler, Ed Mills and R. H. Country
man assisted the ladles by running a race
course that helped swell the finances.
Mrs. Hollis and Mrs. Bertz presided over
an api on booth and did a rushing busi
ness. A touching incident occurred in con
nection with this booth. Early in the day
a middle-aged man called at the Maple
room and stated that he had seen in the
papers that the ladies were trying to raise
funds for the orphan children; that he
was when quite young an orphan himself;
that he had been brought up in a charita
ble institution, and that he would like to
help the present movement. He left sev
eral hundred copies of the latest sheet
music which he desired to be sold, the pro
ceeds to jo toward the nursery. The
music waf taken in hand by Miss Bertz
and sold by her. It netted quite a sum.
A splendid feature of the le%-ee was a
doll booth, presided over by Mrs. W. S.
Leake. Every conceivable style of doll
was represented, and they were displayed
in such good taste that the booth p're
sented a very* chic appearance. The doll
booth seemed to strike a popular fancy,
as it was the rendezvous of all buyers,
and business was so brisk and Mrs. Leake
had so many friends call to see her that
at 5 o'clock every doll had been sold. A
few dolls, especially Madame Frou-Frou
donated by Mrs. Phil Kohn, were still
kept on exhibition so as not to spoil the
appearance of the booth. Madame Frou
Frou was subsequently raffled and won by
Mrs. Al Walterstein. The latter lady pre
sented the beautiful doll to the nursery.
The doll Floradora was won by Mrs. Henry
Hale Fuller, the lucky number being 75.
The ladies who assisted In this booth are
Miss Georgia Speiker, Miss Bessie Gowan.
Miss Mamie C. Barrett, Miss Florence
Dresbach, Mrs. Eleanor Humphreys and
w> Ar neill. A hit in this booth was
"The Old Woman Who Lived In a Shoe,"
Icecream and lemonade were served in
another room under the direction of Mrs.
A. H. Martin and Mrs. "Albert Dernham.
The tables were prettily decorated with
white roses. The ladles who assisted in
this share of the work were Mrs. G. F.
Kenny, Mrs. C. P. Lincoln, Miss Edna
Frank and Miss Florence Martin. Mrs.
J. B. Elder was hard at work on the floor
raffling off a taJlor*made gown that had
been donated by a local tailor.
During the afternoon selections were
rendered by a selected orchestra, and
Master Harold Borchers, a little boy of
only four years, Cid a cakewalk spe-
The grab bag was well looked after by
Mrs. C. Mason, and Miss N. Preston was
busy all the afternoon and evening; telling
the good people their fortunes. Mrs. W .
Jackson started in opposition and also did
a very lucrative business in telling for
tunes by cards.
The candy booth was a great success
and was stocked with every style of
candy that had been made under the per
sonal supervision of Mrs. S. B.*-McX<ene
gan. She was assisted by Mrs. Manning,
Miss Osborn and Miss Breese.
who was represented by a little girl from
the nursery. - - . .
_ The art booth was In the able hands of
Airs. K. F. Pieston. She was assisted by
Miss Pre.ston, Mrs. William Thomas and
Miss Thomas. The booth was stocked
with handsome bric-a-brac of every de
scription—antique brass candlesticks, cut
glass bowls, candle shades in all colors
ana pretty water color etchings.
The flo'wer booth enhanced the beauty
of the room and was artistically arranged
by Mrs. Frank B. Wright, who had
charge. There were big bunches of vio
lets, fine specimens- of carnations and
choice pots of palms and ferns. The as
slsta.nts in the tlower booth were Miss W.
Wright. Miss Wells and Miss Alfreda
Wright.
cialty. He was clothed in a pretty little
suit of blue ard white and was the idol of
all the ladies.
In the evening the following programme
was rendered:
Selection Orchestra
Vocal eolo. "Thou Brilliant Bird"
_ , Miss Mary Chester Williams
flection Orchestra
Recitation Miss Jane Seymour Kllnh.
Selection Orchestra
Contralto solo. "'Non Tarno" (Titto Mattel)
_ , Mrs. Walter Longbottom
Selection Orchestra
Character monologue (In costume)
Miss Ellena Marls of New York
Selection Orchestra
Celio «olo. "Andante" (Gotterman)
„ , •••• ..Miss Bessie Arftes
Selection Orchestra
Solo, "O. Thou Sublime. Sweet Evening
Star" (Richard Wagner) George McBride
Selection Orchestra
Accompanists.
Miss Mamie C. Barrett.
Miss Edith Preston, « Miss Ella Lowrie,
The hit of the evening was a contralto
solo, "Non Tarno," suns with ef
fect by Mrs. Walter Longbottom. The
lady has a magnificent voice and a fine
stage presence. She was warmly applaud
ed at the close of her selections. Miss
Ellena Marls gave some character
sketches in costume that were also very
well received.
At the close of the programme In the
evening all the artlclesnhat had not been
sold were auctioned off by Arthur Spear.
The young man was In good form, and ¦
showed great enthusiasm in his work.
Madame Gadski of the Grau Opera
Company visited the levee the latter part
of the evening and was a spirited bidder
In the auction of dolls. The prtma donna
bought several handsome ones for her
little girl, who is traveling with her dur
ing her visit to America,
SAN FRANCISCO'S SMART SET TURNED OUT YESTERDAY TO ATTEND THE LEADING CHARITABLE EVENT OF THE YE\R SOCIETY BUDS HAVn
Stole From His Employer.
George .Watson, 1 a" young man ; employed
by F. Toner, dealer in clothing, was ar
jested last night by : Detectives Ryan and
O'Dea while trying, to Bell a .suit -of
clothes which h» had stolen from his em
ployer. He was charged with petty lar
ceny. - '
Fall In Line.
To-morrow (Monday) will b« «, great
day at the Boston. Men's tnrfti that are
worth $15. made of grenulne worsted, will
be sold for 16.85 a suit- Be sure and at
tend the Assignee Sale of Clothing at the
Boston. 775 Market street, near Fourth. *
erty It Is at liberty to do so. The opinion
saySf
.Whether a utility Ii to be purchased out of
the funds raised by general tax levy or is to
D« paid for by an issuance of bonds, the ques-
, of *'fl uj sltlon must be submitted to the
people before any such purchase can be made.
The only expenditures which the charter con
templates, prior to the actual construction or
purchase, are those Incident to the making- of
plans and estimates and the holdlny of the
election at which the popular will is taken
There is no provision which, under the most
liberal construction, would Justify any expendi
ture for an option; none which seems to regard
such an expenditure as a possibility.
It Is proposed to pay for such option out of
the urgent necessity fund. The right to pur-
Chase a property five or ten years hence Is
hardly to be regarded seriously as an urgent
necessity.
Aside from all question of power there Is this
danger to be regarded In such a transaction
the city might be estopped from taking- such
action as It may hereafter deem necessary con
cerning ttgt franchise rights of this company
by reason of having entered Into an agreement
to purchase the same.
If the board desires to submit to th« peop'«
of San Francisco the Question of public owner
ship of a telephone system, the prooedur* re
quired by the charter Is (1) that plans and es
timates of cost shall be procured, and (J) offer*
called for from the existing 1 telephone compan
ies as to the price at which . they will sell to
the city, and • <8> that an election . be held at
which the question of purchase shall ot sub
mitted to the electors. This ¦ method of pur
chasing any Interest In a public utility, must
be regarded as exclusive.
Offer of People's Mutual Company Must Be
Submitted to General Vote.
CITY CANNOT PURCHASE OPTION ON
FRANCHISE OF TELEPHONE COMPANY
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion with
the Board of Supervisors yesterday In
which he holds that the offer of the Peo
ple's Mutual Telephone Company to sell
to the city an option on its franchise must
under the charter be submitted to the peo
ple before such purchase can bo made. . If,
however, the company wishes to give to
the city any right or Interest In Its prop-
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
J^aple JRoom of Jpalace J^otel GroWded Wiik J^ar\dson\ely QoWrxed
'.'¦-.- Womerv WKo 'Illiberally /lid a Local Gkarity.
SOCIETY ATTENDS NURSERY LEVEE
GIVEN FOR THE HOMLESS CHILDREN
28
BATLBOAD TBAVEL.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TXBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET BT.
CALIFORNIA NORTDWESTERN RY. CO.
LjE3SSE3EJ
SAN' FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
•RATT.BOAD TBAVEL.
souTiiKRX rAfiriv <onr«.ii.
(PACIFIC »T»TEM.)
Train* I«bt* n:..l are ••••«. to urrive »t
NAM nURCIMVw;
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
ixatb — j. »aoM Noviuber 7. 1900. — ABBira
•7:00a Benida, SuUuu, Elmira, VaoafCIa,
Ramsey and Sacramento .'. *7:13p
*7iOOa Shaata Express— D&tIs, Williams (fox
Bartlett Spriusa). Willows. Bed
Bluff, Portland. *7.-l5p
•7iS»a M.vrtluex. Sin IUmon. Vallejo. Napa,
CaUst»f» and Santa Root *0il3p
•SsOOa Daria, Woodland. KnJghU .Landing.
MarrstUle, Oroftlle_ »T. i.ip
•¦•••a Atlantis Kxpress— Oscjpri anc], Eaal a a:l3p
*Si#*)A 27&ea, LlTeraoro, Tracy, I »'hrop.
Stockton nils*
•»tS»* Smn Jose, liTermore. Stockton,
Iod«, Sacramento, FlaeerrlU*.
MarjsTlll*. Cblco, lte<l Hlnit Mil.ip
•SiSOa Oakdalf, Chinese, bonora. Carters... •l:l.t»
•»!•>?» Hajwards. Niles and Wai Stations. *1 1:13a
•U«O»a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Latorop. Stockton. U«iced
Fresuo and Los Angeles *7:t.1f
•»i3<U Vallejo. MarUnei aud Way Stations *Si l.tp
•IOiOO* The Overland Limited— Ogdan, Den.
»er, Omaha. Chicago *C:-!3i>
UIiOOa NDps, Stockton, Hacramento, Men.
dota. Fresno. Ilanford. VlsaUs*
PortetTlIle *4il3r
•HiOOa LlTexmors, Banger. Goshra Job*
tton. Bakenfleld, Los Angeles.....
fliOOr Sacrainauto Hlter Steamers t*>**4
•SiOOp Haywarda. Niles and Way BtaUons. *ai49»
•4:u«r Martinez. Ban {Union, VaU*)Ok
Nap*. Ca'Ntoja. Santa Rc«a *9il3*
•«•••* Benleia, Winters, SA«r*mento,
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarysTills, OroTlIle MOMS*
MtSOr Harvard*. N lies and Saa Jom fS= «% A
•3 iOO r Nile*. Ltrermore aad Stockton • 1 9*4 3a
f3;OOr Sunset Limited. El Pm* Vev
Orleans aad £ul dOtlS*
¦SsOOrTh* Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
Bakenfleld, Saagus for Santa Bai*
bank Los Aneelea. ¦l«ilS 4>
•SittrHiw Orleans Express— BakerofUld.
Santa Barbara, Los Angelea. Dem*
tof. El Pmo. New Orleans aad
jfut ......... *7it.1i
•SsOOp Hajwania. Nil's* aad Saa 'Josa •7i-i.iA
tO:OOr Vmllojo •11*434
•fliOOr Oriental M»H— Ogdea. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicvgo •SraS*
•••OOr Oriental Maii-Ogdea, Dram,
Omaha, Chlsaro. *4slS*>
•7i«Op Oregon and California Express, flaa-
r»meuto. M»rinlil«, Redding.
Portland. Pnget Noiii.d and Kui •S<43a,
•»i"*J*8aa Paolo, Port Ooste, Martina*
.. -' „•'«» W»y Stations •11:434
tSiOJp Vallejo 11»434
COAST DITtXIOa (.Narrow Uaags).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
"•¦13ANewark.CentarTllle,8aaJose.a>lton,
Boulder Creek.Sauta Oru* and Way
Stations. .: •CrSOr
t*il8p Newark. Centorrllle. San Jose, New i
Aim* Jan. Felton. RonMer Creak.
Santa Cms asd Principal Way
Stations f t*ii)»a
•4hl 3 r Newark, S«n Jom, LosGatos *8«»0*.
«Ut43r Hnnwn' Exsurtion. Saa Joss aad
j m Way Stations ; fTrtfry
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
" frtalll FHKISCO-fiit .f Nuiit Stnit(SIii I)-
:i;iS iSS %8£ tm '*" " iM
COAST DITISIOS (Broad Gaan).
' £ (ThlrJ aitd Towmeiid Sts.) ,
| t** ' V Vlew » Soo 'h «**¦ Francisco.. t«>3Op
i *7:*Oa San Joae «•¦<! Way Stations (Nsv
I „ _. Almadeu Wedneadafsouly) •1>SO T
I •»t»«A San Jose, Tres rinoa, Hanta Crus,
Pacino OroTs. Paso Koblea. Saa
£"'• °W*Pn» 8"'. Lompoo and
rmmm^mm m Pri »°'P»l W »T SUUous MHO,
• !?'•!!* 5* n • nd W »» "tatlonsi MiM t
JL^V I*" Jo *" * 1K| W »» a »«tloo« *S<3Or
ia>43p Sau Mateo. Kedwood. Henlo Park.
; Pa!o Alto. Hanta Clara. San Joss.
Trea Plnoa. Santa Oritx, Salinas.
Monterey and Pad Bo Grore tl0s»8&
f ¦«¦•* "an J,ose and Way Stations
Msl 3r San J<M«au<t Principal Way Stations «V:43a
t3r*)OrSan Jom, Lob Gatoa and Prindpai
„ .„ WaySUUons f»:O»*
¦StBOp Saa Jose and Principal Way Stations *»:."M*
a «i3«p San Jose and Way Station t*i:n<>4
1li<»p San Jose and Way Statious *7:3o f
._ A for Moruing. P for A fterooon. *
"Dally. - t NnniinT exeeptad. t.SnmU. »-i-
t Mondays. Wednesdays, Fridays.
• Tneadajs. Thondaja. Sondaja.
• Saturday onljj,
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
»:«. 4:00. 6:15. •f:lv«:40 p? rnT "* n> * S "
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and R«^
RaiatL on Mondays, Wedaeada/, Sd IS
vrdays at 9:00 and H:35 p. JC " aa '» -aa »t-
81:NDATS-«S:OO. 10:00. «U-» ¦_ m. *l-n
*:15. «4:45. •:». 9:00 p. m. *" m - n - U »
Trains marked (•> run to San Otj^tiMt,
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN PltAvrT«-fYY
WEEK DAYS-o:25. H:30 1 7-<3. S^? S ? V
•U:J0. 1:4S. -rao. 4:30. 5:M p. raT *" "-
Trains marked (•> utart fnm s»n n,,._.i
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAVFRA^V&v*
THROUGH TRAT>ia
p. m. 8*tnrda^_Tomals. aad wt, ««-
ttWL** "* 8ttOd *^- Tori *l" ttlniltli
Weekly Cali,$1.6opeir Yeaff
The above goods are on sale at both our
Market -'street and Post - street stores.
Stamping free on all goods bought at our stores to be embroidered.
Lessons given in embroidery. Free delivery in city and bay towns.
Holiday Novelties.
The approach of the Holiday season finds our stock of
art and fancy goods very large and of great variety. It com-
prises tapestries, pillows and fancy articles suitable for Hol-
iday Presents. An inspection would surely suggest some-
thing both suitable and desirable.
Handkerchiefs. Ribbons.
Our stock of ladies', jrentlemen's A novelty in shaded ribbon. $/x
and children's handkerchiefs, im- Inches wide, in all the latest shades,
ported especially for our Holiday embroidered with white bands, very
trade, is a large one, comprising em- handsome for pillows and fancy
broidered, plain and initial. work — Per Yard 80c
Ladies* hemstitched initial hand- A special lot of beautiful taffeta
kerchiefs, of good quality. 6 in box— nbbon, 4 inches wade, in all colors.
Per Box 50c rc * ular 3°c nbbon-
_ .. , ,. .... . Per Yard ISo
Ladies pure hnen. hemstitched
initial handkerchiefs, of very fine The new metallic all-«lk taffeta
quality, special lot, usually sold .for ribbon, 6 inches wide, rery lustrous
$1.50 per box of 6— and novel. Regular .15c grade —
Special, Per Box $1.00 Per Yard 25c
/
TCid Gloves
The Columbia Kid Glove is the result of our determina-
tion to handle a Dollar Glove that would give universal satis-
faction in both appearance and wear — a Glove behind which
we could stand with our absolute guarantee.
The Columbia is manufactured for us in Germany, and is
fully up to our ideas of what a good glove should be. They
are giving the best of satisfaction, and we place them before
you with the assurance that when you buy the Columbia you
are getting the best glove that a dollar can buy. We carefully
fit and guarantee, every 'pair. All the popular shades.
Ladies' Columbia Kid Gloves £f p $1.00
. Misses' Columbia Kid Gloves {% r 85c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TKE EXASPERATING WOMAN
We All Know Har and Feel Sorry
for Her— What Makes Her So,
and Who Is to Blame.'
A woman of prominence gives advice
In a recent article to a man who com-
plains of an exasperating wife. It
seems the wife, according to the hus-
band, Is principally remarkable for
what Ehe is not, but has also some
marked development of energy; she
makes a specialty of misplacing the
soap, and Is careless about tooth
brushes; she also takes upon herself to
do the work for which servants are
provided. This woman was also ad-
dicted to the torn wrapper, and un-
kempt hair habits, and In general left
conspicuously undone the things that
needed doing. When remonstrated
with she reminds her husband that they
possess mischievous children, and calls
him unreasonable and a faultfinder.
The first suggestion in the article was
a plain Inference that the most effective
way to bring peace and order Into the
family would be with an axe. The prej-
udice against violence having an unfor-
tunate method of reacting •with un-
pleasant results, the puzzled husband is
advised "to have a serious talk with his
wife, or better still, since such women
will never listen to sense." to write her
a clear and kindly statement of things,
and failing Improvement to practically
desert her fcr his club.
Of course such "advice" Is absurd,
and would surely make matters worse.
This woman is exasperating because
Bhe is not in a proper state_yt bodily
and mental health, and musty be ex-
pected by her husband, and by every-
body, to be exasperating and erratic.
The first thing to do for that woman
Is to build up her health, and in no
other way can any good thing be ac-
complished. The man himself is unrea-
sonable as most men are. He loses sight
of the fact that his -wife is in ill-health,
and Instead of making strenuous efforts
to improve her physical and mental
condition, he Is critical and cold.
"We all know this type of woman and
sympathize with her deeply. She is
making mistakes nil the time that are
ruining her* life, but is not conscious of
them because her mental condition is
warped. I want to say to this woman
that she must not expect ill-health and
troublesome children to excuse her
from efficiency as a wife and mother.
However unjust it may be. and it is
brutally so, the woman who leads a
happy life must be one for whom "al-
lowances" do not have to be made.
When a woman begins to think she
!s ill-used her whole manner shows
that she carries a grievance around
with her. and unless she comes to her
senses the end of that woman Is dis-
tinct failure. I wish with all the
strength of my being that I could make
women understand how vitally impor-
tant, to them, to their children and to
their husbands, is attention to their
own health.
By health I don't mean acute things
like colds and fevers— I mean the fe-
male complaints that so many women
are troubled with, and which in every
case have their effect upon the view a
woman takes of her duty, upon her
mental attitude toward the household,
and upon her own physical appearance.
I have a gTeat sympathy for women
who become fretful, and incapable, and
exasperating through some feminine
trouble, because they don't half realize
their condition or its causes, and it isn't
until the real poetry has gone out of
their lives, and nothing but humdrum
hopelessness is left that they can see
where their misery originated.
The very safest way to do for women
who have myFterious aches and pains
Is to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, for this medicine has
never hurt anybody, and it has really
done lots of good to a great number of
women. You take, for Instance, a
young- woman whose entry upon the
Incidents peculiar to womanhood is ac-
companied by unusual features, ten
chances to one this young woman won't
do a thing to help herself, or no one she
knoxrs may know how to help her. or
Fhe can't gret efficient help from the
family doctor to whom ehe dislikes to
talk about herself— what happens? "Why
this girl goes along, has a great variety
cf pains which she struggles with the
best she can— by and by ehe gets mar-
ried, has children, some female trouble
develops, she gets thin, and querulous,
and discouraged, and becomes presently
the exasperating woman who can't live
peaceably with any one no matter how
amiable the other person or persons.
Give us more Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound and fewer exas-
perating, discouraged, sickly women.
This medicine I solemnly think would
make a stronger generation of women
If every woman who needed It would
take it. I never look upon a woman's
face prematurely drawn without want-
Ing to urge the use of airs. Pinkham'a
medicine.
Ot course women -who have some fe-
male trouble won't listen to reason until
they are compelled to, but if they only
•would use ordinary common sense
about taking care of themselves at the
beginning, complaints about the exas-
perating woman would materially
lessen. HELEN MARVIN.
TONO F»O <=WV.
¦ji^st i^ Eucceasor to Dr. LAJ PO TAX,
FiiZ&SfrL. rraduate of Canton Medical
«gaK*a&| College, after a very saccets-
TO**»S«5-J.vg ful practice cf ic&ny yean In
R--, China, has located In San
fc>isjf>. FranclBco. The surprlslnc and
IV ™ Cf marvelous cures eCected by
rS»^, y fcis berbs demonstrate their
(S3\/l potence sind bis skill. These
JbktAk. h^rbs cure ovtr 400 different
t f ***&&r^& ClK?asee, lncludlnr Brlfc-ht's
tt^^m^!&ib Disease. Diabetes, Consump-
**<m ..^y^ tlon. Asthma, Paralysis. Brain,
Jferve, Cancere, Tumors, Blood, Male and Fe-
male Maladies. All persons at nlcted with any
kind of malady whatsoever are Invited to call.
Olfice, 727 Washington st. Office hours— 8 a.
in. to 12 m, 1 to 9 p. m. : Sundays. 10 a. m. to
22 m. A-ccept rraSeful thanks for effeetlnsT a
cure of asthma of several years' standing.
A. DARLET, Ban RafaeL
Santa Fe
Trains—i>«»"y
» Leave Maxk«t-«tre«t Ferry Depot.
t/ve. San Frandaoo. ».-00 a m 4:10 p ml 8:00 p m
Arr. Btocktoa IS: SO p m 7il> p m 11:05 p m
•* Merced I'M p m — — — i:is a a
** Fresno 4:20 pm 8:06 a a
» Vlnalla 8:00 pm 4:50 am
.** Tular* «:K p m 6:10 a m.
— - Hanford ...... l:»pm 7:04 am
" Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p m T:I0 a n»
*\ Denver 10:00 am .
M Kansas City... 1:16 p m
*•? Chicago ....... T:40 am
• a. m. train la the Overland Express. Corre-
apondlna; train arrive* at < p. m. daily. -
- 4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correapoodlna]
train arrive* 11:06 a. m, dally.
• :0*_p- m. Is Fresno and Baktnfleld Expreaa,
with Bleeping Can for both dtlea. Correspond-
tec train arrtvee at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES— 641 Market st. and In Ferry DepotL
a^« -w^mruAacn: tug Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Fare. Pan Francisco to Summit and Return.
NKW^TAVERN OP TAMAU>AI3 NOW OPEN.
Xicket offices. «a a£ arsot 1U% sausalito Ferry;
: Leaves San Francisco, -via Sausalito Fun-
WEEK DAT3....»:15 «Tm.; l-*5and ; 4W*^m.
BUNDATS......S:0O. 10:00. U:M wd 1:15 p^ S
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:S0, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:SS. S:J8,
6:10, 6:S0 p. m. Ttaursdays — Extra trip at U:»)
p. m. Eaturdayo— Extra trips at 1:50 mad
11:38 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, t:SO, *:«,
<:t0 p. m.
San Rafael to San Pranclwco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:60. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 13:0,
1:40. CIO p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at IM
and 6:35 p. m. -
BUNDAT8— 8:10. 9:10. 11:10 a. nu: 1:40, 1:40. IM.
; 8:25 p. m.
', t Between San Francisco and Echuetsen Park.
[ sjajn* schedule aa above. - :
Leave J In Effect I ArrlT*
Ban Francisco, f Nov. 7. 1900. | Baa Frandsco.
Week I 6un- I I Bun- 1 Week
Days, [ days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
T:SO am S:0O am Xovato, 10:40 am $:40 aa
1:30 pra 9:30 am Petaluma, 1:05 pm 10:23 aa
' t:10 pm 8:00 pm Sar.ta Roea. 7:85 pm t:M paa
Fulton.
f :t0 am Windsor. 10:15 aaa
Haaldsburf,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
>:S0 pm S.-QO am Cloverdala. | 1-JS pm t:O ptm
TJOaml I Hopland j I
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. f 7:86 pm( 8:tt pa
7:*0 ami (10:13 aa
8:00 am Gnerowrine. 7:85 pm
8:30 pm| . ¦ I J» pn>
7:30 am .8:00 am Sonoma 9:19 am 8i40aa
and
8.-10 pm »:00 pm Glen Mien. 8:05 pmf 8:M pa
T:SO ami 8:00 ami 110:40 azn!10:SS ant
»:S0 pmf 8:00 pmf BebastopoL | T:«5 pm| «:23 pra
Btages connect at Banta Rosa for Mark West
Sprinn and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Fultoa
(or Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Sprlngra: al
Geyserville for Ska«rs» Bprlnxs; at Cloverdal*
for the Gsysers: at Hopland for Duncan
BprlnjfB. Hlgrhland Bprlnn, Kelseyrlll*. Carl*.
bad Bprings, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartletl
Springs! at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoc*
Eprings. Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lain. Wlttsf
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside,- Lterley*a. Bucknell'a,
Canhedrtn Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot Sprints,
Mendoclno City, Fort Brags;. Weatport. VseJ.
¦Willets, Laytonvile. Cummlngs. Bell's Sprinj*.
Jlarrla, Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at *••
ttfuced rates.
On Sundays, roand-trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .
Ticket office, 650 Market it.. Chronicle bull*
.Ing. R. X. RYAN.
U. C WHITING. Oen. Paaa. Ait.
Gen. Manasetv
DiL HALL'S SElNVlGORATORRmgj
r*lv<» hundred reward for any BM^lflEi
case we cannot cure. Tbls secret B™" ™T|
remedy 6toj» all losses In 24 hours, . " ¦ «J§
cures Emissions, Impotencr. Vari- BpS P-53
coct-le. Gonorrhoea, Gl«et, Fits, Rfl WtTJi
Ftrlctures. Lost Manhood and all LmJ |£4J
•wtstine «ITect» of e«-lf-abuse or pt?5* V!%
excesses. Sent EesJed. K bottle; > fctsfl*™""
bottles. SS: ruarmtet-d to cure any cut. Ad-
<lrees HAIX*8 MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 865
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also tor sale at 10T2H
Market St.. 8. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book-
MBMHfflBBSWflW
Writ* for new c&talosuo of watcha*. Jewelry tt
llverwarsj. Kammarsmltli ft Field. H Keaxny. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BOTTLkuv THE DjimLERY"
PURE-AEgfljftKDLE5DME.
Used mtfieMetfcdf Departments of the
U.S. ARMY $NAVY Servjce-
William Wolff $ co.
" San Francisco, distributors.
Sewort of/mifafion) Of rtjitlta Bott/es.
r*_s --^*Ti.'Trt'Ssfiff^frr?fi^ifls> fiwB
frfll Q B fc4 pSS E~S Juan! Q I AbCI
Q ft I KS ESoj 5m tan B 09 9
APVEBTISiaiENTSL
BUSINESS SUITS.
'' Specially Interesting gooda an ihown In oax
nwr arrlvmla of <•
IA/OOLENS.
TO ORDER—
All-Wool Cheviot Suit* f 13.50 $30.00
Dressy OvercoaU 13.50 40.00
Dressy Sulta 2O.OO 6O.OO
201 and SOS Montgomery st-,
1110 and 1112 Market st..
~ ~ - San Francisco*
US S, Eprlr.f tt,
Loa Aocele*. .{
JOE POHEIM, The Tailor.
H/^K^^^S^J 5 IS THE ENGINEER OF OUR FATE. If she uses lard fi
m \i[m^^^^^-^^\ wc are a^ e t0 a^" ectc^ ky the ailments to which the animals W
ul rG&rScaffij**^ ?*i ' whose fat ii taken sre subject. If she uses Pa
ADVERTISEMENTS.TUOLUMNE RIVER, AT LA. GRANGE.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVEn AT HERNDOX.
KIXGS RIVER AT RED 'MOUNTAIN.
United. States Civil Service.
The United States Civil Service. Com
mission announces that on December!. 15
an examination will be held in this city
and elsewhere for the. position of engineer
In the life saving service at Chincoteague,
Virginia, at a salary of $45 per. month.
Applicants ehonld- write for forms. 304
and 394. On December 12 an examination
will be he!d for the position of 'industrial
teacher, female, at^the Rosebud 'reserva
tion. South: Dakota, 'nt\a~ salary- of JGOO
per annum. 'Apply for forms 204 and 373.
A Greeting" to All
WilT be extended to those who wish; to
take advantage of the jjreat jTruet
sale that is going 6n» at the Bee Hive
Shoe -Co., 717 Market' street: -.To-morrow
there will be sold 1000- pairs „ of -men's
ehoes. made of calfskin, ivlci kid;-kanga
roo and sealskin, worth from 52.50 to $3.50,
for'only $1.35 a pair, at . the Shoe > Trust
sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717* Mar
ket street, - near : Third. \ ' ! -,- r> • -
McNamara Rest. 'v'-il
The desperate , encounter . between Tax
Collector Scott and Jack McNamara.Mn
which the official narrowly escaped death,
was the topic of .absorbing comment In
the city yesterday. Tax Collector Scott
had recovered from the shock of hl3 expe
rience and was at his desk as usual yes
terday. He did not care to discuss the
matter and expressed the hope that'll
would be allowed to drop as it is.
Scott -' considers himself fortunate in
having escaped alive, and it is safe to say
that he will not in a hurry make himself
tho champion of the virtues of Martin
Kelly or anybody else. ?
says .that he- will not prosecute
McKamara, -and unless application Is
made for • a warrant by him the police
would not be justified in taking any meas
ures. Nothing further, therefore, will be
done In the matter.
He Is Satisfied to Let the Story of His
Desperate Encounter With Jack •<
TAX COLLECTOR SCOTT ,
WILL NOT PROSECUTE
James A. Delahay, formerly a clerk at
tho Palace Hotel, was arrested last even
ing by Detectives Hamill and Coleman
and charged with forgery. Some time ago
Delahay met a young woman named I/na
Nonneman, who Is employed as a do
mestic by Mrs. Shriner. who conducts
a lodging-house at Eddy and Hyd3
Btreets, and proceeded to make violent
love to her. He represented that he had
just arrived from the East and that he
had "money to burn." The foolish woman,
after listening to bis burning wordi.of
love and his stories of successes In xpe
East, became madly infatuated with him
and agreed to become his wife.
Becoming financially embarrassed Dela
hay conceived the bold scheme of using
his unsuspecting victim as a "tool" to
get money for him. Giving - t«er two
checks, one for |20 and the other for $25,
which purported to have been signed by
Gavin McNab and Receiving Teller Amos
of the Hlbernla Bank, he a<sked the girl
to induce her mistress to cash them.
Thinking that they were genuine Mi33
Nonneman took the worthless paper to
Mrs. Shriner and after telling hor that
her lover had met with temporary re
verses and needed money had her cash
both the checks.: A few days later Mrs.
Shriner gave, the checks to her grocery
man in payment for some goods. The lol
lowing day the grocer presented them, at
the bank on which they purported to be
drawn and was surprised to learn that
they were worthless. Satisfied that nef
servant was the innocent aupe of Dela
hay Mrs. Shriner lost no time In notify
ing Chief of Detectives Seymour.
Yesterday Delahay was found on EdJy
street and taken into custody. Ho read
ily admitted his guilt, but claimed that
drink drove him'to commit the crime.
Harry A. Rusa, a saloon-keeper on
Fourth street, convicted of attempting to
criminally assault a little girl on April 19
last, appeared for sentence before Judge
I>awlor yesterday. The Judge sentenced
him to fourteen years in San Quentin. A
stay of execution "of ten days was asked
and granted.
Buss Gets Fourteen Years.
Department yesterday morning that the
rubbish interfered with trade, and as an
entertainment was to be given in the club
building in the afternoon requested that
the stuff be removed.
The Police Department thereupon noti
fied the Board of "Works to remove It. but
that department passed the responslbjjlty
to the Sheriff's office, from which a Writ
of possession had been served by Bodel's
landlord. Kls effects were thrown out ot
the place by a Deputy Sheriff. The Board
of Works contends that the Sheriff should
remove the goods to a place of safety and
should request the Board of Supervisors
to allow the use of a city lot or the cor
poration yard for the purpose, but tbe
Sheriff declines to take any action. In the
meantime tho goods now remain on th»
sidewalk at the mercy of the elements and
the passersby.
CITY DEPARTMENTS PASS
THE RESPONSIBILITY
Chattels of August Bodel, Statuary
Repairer, of Post Street, Allowed
to Litter Sidewalk.
Owing to a disagreement among the
Police Department. Sheriff's office and the
Board of Public Works, the goods and
chattels of August Bodel, the repairer of
broken statuary and brlc-a-brac, whose
mysterious disappearance from his home
at 514 Post street was told of ln The Call,
are allowed to Utter the sidewalk in front
of the place, where they have remained
for several days past. Officers of the
Olympic Club complained to the Police
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
FORMER HOTEL CLERK INDICES YOUNG WOMAN
TO HAVE CASHED THE CHECKS HE HAD FORGED
SACRAMENTO KIVKU AT JELL.YS FERRY.
Superintendent of Schools Webster has
offered the position of fourth Deputy Su
perintendent to D. J. Sullivan, who is at
present connected • with a book concern,
while Sullivan has not as yet signified
his intention to Webster to accept tho
place, it is. understood that he will do so
and assume the duties of tho office on De
cember 1.
Deputy School Superintsndent.
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling: CO California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures • are
from J. B. Llpplneott, hydroifrapher of the
United States Geological Survey: •
Flow of Rivers.
Branch HydrograpHc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 24, 19<W.
The time tall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS. •
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., ln charge.
Time Ball.
C. K. Baker, residing at 218 Eleventh
street and employed by Clawson & Co..
fell thirty feet from Hie roof of a house
yesterday. Baker was sent to repair a
chimney at 2524 Broadway and after
mounting the roof he climbed up a ladder,
which broke and precipitated him to the
ground. He was conveyed to the City Re
ceiving Hospital ln the ambulance, whera
Dr. Starr found his left leg to be broken
and the right foot badly Injured. It is pos
sible that Baker may also have received
serious Internal injuries.
Fell From the Roof Thirty Feet.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the sarly mornln* tides are given In the lert
band column and the successive tides ot tbe
day ln the order ot occurrence as. to time of
lay, th» third time column tbe third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tldee, as sometimes occurs.- The heights
given are ln addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus si gn (— ) precedes the height,' and
then the number given is subtracted from tho
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
fr.ee is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 7:01
Sun sets .' 4:31
Moon sets .....8:01 p.m.
Alumnae Honors the Birthday Anni
versary of Mrs. Susan T.
Mills.
Mrs. Susan T. Mills, founder of Mills
College, was tendered an enjoyable ban
quet at the California Hotel yesterday
afternoon. The affair was ln the nature of
a surprise, Mrs. Mills having been invit
ed to the hotel to attend what she sup
posed was a regular meeting of tho
alumnae. Covers for fifty were laid and
after tho repast some Impromptu toast*
were given.
Miss Jane Seymour Kllnk, president of
the Alumnae Association, presided. Mrs.
Mills spoke ln an appreciative mood -and
expressed the wish . that her birthday
might come oftener, for it was really in
honor of her anniversary that the dinner
was given. Mrs. Mane Rusaak contrib
uted delightful vocal selections. The ban
quet hall was prettily trimmed with tho
alumnae flower, violets, and maidenhair
fern. • ' . .
MILLS COLLEGE FOUNDER
BANQUETED AT CALIFORNIA
WATT HEW AHEEN SAVED
FSOM FBOSECTJTION
Acc-assd of Stealing a Gold Watch at
Silver Wedding 1 Festivities.
Other Police News.
Matthew Ahern. a plumber, charged
with grand larceny for stealing a gt>ld
watch from William 8. Manning during
the festivities at a. silver wedding at 2529
Twenty-fourth street October 24, was ac
quitted by Judge Cabaniss yesterday. Ex
perts testified that the watch was not
worth more than f2S, and It was alleged
for the defense that Ahern, who was act
ing as a waiter, had picked up the watch
from the floor. The Judge gave the de
fendant the benefit of the doubt-
.H. J. Campbell. 13J0 Hyde street, secured
t- search warrant from Judge Cabaniss
yesterday to recover possession of silver
ware, lady's wearing apparel and other
prticles valued at $000 stolen from him
June 22 last ard which he believed were in
a trunk in the cuptody of the Signal
Transfer Company, 530 Jones street. De
toctiv'-s Harper and Armstrong went to
the company's premises and found the
trunk, but it was empty.
Harry Smith was sent to the County
Jail fcr eix months by Judge Mogan ves
terfiay on the chaxpe of. petty larceny." He
tapped the- till in Andrew Vasley'g store,
44 Turk etrett. last Sunday morning, get
tinsr a-way with tlO. Smith has an un
savory record. Ho was arrested about* a.
year zpo for stealing a diamond pin from
a BU la Evans' saloon, Eddy street, but
th« man refuted to prosecute the case.
The bark R. P. Rlthet had a lively time
of it on her last trip from Honolulu. First
of all, she struck a dead calm and nearly
went ashore before getting away from the
island of Oahu. Then she was caught in
a heavy southeaster and lost several sails.
Then she was almost on top of tho North
F&railones before the captain got his po
sition, and finally she nearly ran down the
lightship buoy when making port.
"It was the most eventful voyage I ever
made," said the second mate yesterday.
"Had our anchors not held we would have
gone ashore on Oahu and had they not
held again we would have gone on the
North Farallones. It was a case of touch
and go all around, but luckily we pulled
through."
The Kithet is now loading for Honolulu
for Welch & Co.
MANY NEW VESSELS BUILDING.
Five Wind- Jammers Soon to Be Added
to the Coast Fleet.
At least five new vessels will Join the
coast fleet r.ext spring. Hind, Kolph &
Co. have found it necessary to get more
carriers and ln consequence nave made
contracts with all the well known ship
builders for new vessels. A barkentine to
be called Lahaina is being built at Boole's
ln Oakland Creek; a barKcntine (a dupli
cate of ih»i William Carson) to be called
the Kohala is building \at Bendlxsen's; a
four-ir.asted t-chooner fs being built at
Hay & Wright's, and the schooner Mahu
kona is being built at Grays Harbor.' All
of these vessels will carry a million feet
of lumber and over, and every one of
them trill be fitted out in first class style.
The contracts for these vessels were let
nearly a year ago, but it is only now that
the builders can get to work on them. Be
cause of the rush Hind, Rolph & Co. had
to go to England to get a barkentine built
and the Hawaii is now on her way to
Honolulu from Glasgow in consequence.
Besides these new boats the firm has pur
chased the Henry Villard in the East, and
the entire fleet will be in the sugar trade
in the spring.
Water Front Notes.
Chief Officer Bondt of the China has re
mained ashore this trip on account of
sickness. His place has been taken by
Chief Officer Schmidt of the Costa Rica.
All the boys on the front were condoling
with J. M. Mulcahy. an employe of the
Harbor Commissioners, vesterclay. HI?
wife died in childbirth. A beautiful floral
piece was procured and sent to the fam
ily home, 1229 Broadway. Mrs. Mulcahy
died in St. Mary's Hospital. The baby is
alive and hearty.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Clan McPherBon loads wheat at Tacrnna
for Europe. 2Ss Sd. prior to arrival; the British
steamer Carmarthenshire, lumber en Puget
Sound for Port Plrie, fcis. prior to arrival; the
ForeTster. lumber on Pug-et Sound for Sydney.
51s Sd; Melbourne or Adelaide, 5Ss &d; Port
Pirle, STs 6d: the Mary E. Foster, lumber at
Port Blakeley for Honolulu, prior to arrival;
the Sehome, lumber at Hurrard Inlet for Val
paraiso, for orders. 62s 6d; the William Olsen,
lumber at Grays Harbor for Honolulu.
Additional Manifests.
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom-house for the steamer Martposa.
which sailed Thursday for Australia, The
manifest consisted of the following:
For Australia— 10 crs bicycles. 14C0 lbs mlll
rtuflg, 21 cs advertising matter. Valued at
R275.
In transit— 116 cs drug*, valued at JTT:2.
For New ZeaJand— 2S cs drugs in transit,
valued at 11342.
In addition to caret) previously reported the
fMimer Isls. which sailed Friday, carried the
following merchandise:
For Acajutla, C. A. — JS.S64' ft lumber, valued
at $733.
For Havre— 263 cs canned fruit, valued at
ms4.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVEI
Saturday, November 2t.
Etmr Sierra. Hwudlette, 43>i daya from Phila
delphia, via Coronel 15Vi days.
Stmr Nome City, r>anlels, S4 hours from Se
attle.
Strr.r Brunswick, Andresen, 34 hours from
I San Pedro. . .
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart, S3 hours from Re-
I dor.do.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, , 14 hours from Fort
Brass.
Stmr Rival, Johnson. 80 hours from WUiapa
Harl>or.
• U S etmr Daniel Manning:, Roberts, from Se
attle.
CLEARED.
Saturday. November 24.
•Stmr Pomona. Bhea, Eureka; GoodalU Per
kin« & Co.
Etmr Mlneola, David, Nanalmo; Pac Imp Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, November Si.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Etmr BrunswSclr. Andresen. Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy, Lundqulst. Ueal.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddard, Hureka,
S'.mr Crescent City. Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Ship Oriental. Parker. Seattle.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 24. 10 o m— Weather
cloudy; ¦wind north; velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 25-Schr Macsrle C
Rugs, hence Nov 9. Nov 14— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Nov 25. "
Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Rainier, for New What
com.
Arrived Nov U— Etmr Aberdeen, from Skag
uey.
13ANDON— Arrived Nov 24— Schr Joseph and
Henry, hence Nov 17.
SAN DIKGO— Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Ukme, for
Ean Francisco. t
VENTURA— Sailed Nov 24-Stmr Geo LW
m!s. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Balled Nov 24— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Nov 23— Bark St
James, hence Nov 10. and sailed Nov 24, for
Chemalnut.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 24— Br ship
Eofala, from Yokohama.
Sailed Nov 24— Ship Et David, for Cape Town.
Nov 23 — Shi? Charmer, for Kahulul.
Arrived Nov 24 — Br ehlp Clan Macpherson.
from Port Ar^ele*.
COOS BAY— Barbound Nov 24— Stmr Empire.
PORT LUDLOW-Arrived Nov 24— Ger chip
Parchim. frcra Port Blakeley.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr Homer,
hence N'nv 23: Etmr South Coast, hence Nov 23;
echr Mabel Gray, from San Diego.
Sailed Nov 24— Stmrs Eureka. Iaqua and.Al-
I Hance. fcr San Francisco; schr Allen A, for
I Honolulu.
HL'ENEME— Arrived Nor S3— Schr Peerless,
from I'ort ISlakeley.
PORT HADWCK- Arrived Nov 24 — Echr
I Cnau E Fa'.k, from Hllo.
I PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Nov 24-Chll ship
! Temuco. Ger ehip ParchSm, bark Coloma, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 24— Schr Mary E Foster, from
Honolulu.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA-ClMim! Nov 23-Ship Lu
zon, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr City of
San Antonio, from Colon. . .
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Nov 6~O<?r bark
Antlffnne. for Port Towntend.
HONGKONG— Sailed Nov 24-Ship Mary L
Cushir.t. for Port Townsend.
VICTORIA— Paired up Nov 23— Chll bark An
tofagasta; ship Fort George, from Honolulu,
for Chexnalnus.
FAL.MOUTH— Arrived Nov 13— Br snip King
David, hence July 10.
MANILA — Arrived Nov 5 — Br itmr Inverness,
from Tacoma. •
NAGASAKI— Arrived Nov 23— Br itmr Strath
ryle, from Manila, for San Francisco.
"Failed Oft 27— Br ship Durham, for Tacoma.
KINSAL.E — Passed Nov 23 — Br ship Klmhuret,
hence July 13, for Queenstown.
GENOA— Sailed Nov 13 — Oer stmr Totiaca, for
San Francisco.
GUATAQUIL-Sallcd Nov 7— Ger «tmr Ha
thor. for S?n Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed' Nov 22— %mr Olympia.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK- Arrived Not 24— Stmr Norge.
from CoMxhasen. etc.
Failed Nov Si— Stmr Pretoria, for Hamburg,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Umbrla, for
Liverpool.
HA VUE— Sailed Nov '¦ 24— Stmr I.* Gaseosrne.
'or N*w York; ttmr Columbia, for N«w York.
UVERPOOlr- Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Etruria,
for New York. •
Arrived Nov 24— Stmr Georgia, from New
York 1 Ftmr Lurania, from New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Auguete
Victoria, from New York, via Plymouth." . -
GENOA,— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr Kaiser "Wll
heln II. from New York, rla Naples.
NAPLES— Balled Nov 2t-Stmr Columbia, for
* YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Empress
ot Japan, from Vancouver, for Hongkong,;,;
TO SAIL.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Xov 24— Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton, for New York.
BREMEN'- Sailed Xov 24— Stmr Frlederich
der Grosse. for New York, via Southampton.
QUEEXSTOWX- Arrived Nov 2t— Stmr Iver
nia, from Boston, for Liverpool."
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Nearly Went Ashore on Oahu, H. L, and
Then Only Keeps Off the Farallones
by Dropping Anchor.
BARK R. P. RITHET HAS
VERY NARROW ESCAPES
Judgment Rendered
. in Ten. ,
; ... ¦
, Judges Cook and Dunne sat in bank yes
terday in Judge Cpok's court to hear argu
ments of counsel in the appeal cases of
the poolsellers convicted of and sentenced
for violating the ordinance against pool
selling. Attorney Joseph' Coffey . repre
sented the prosecution and Attorney
George D. Collins the defendants.
The. first case heard was that of Joseph
Peckerman, clerk for Zick ' Abrams, who
was convicted by a Jury in' Judge Con
lan's court and sentenced to pay a fine of
J250. At the trial in the lower court the
jury had been impaneled and sworn and
next morning when the case was to be
heard the. prosecution asked that permis
sion te granted to re-examine one of the
jurors, wmch was objected to by Attorney
Collins. The Judge granted the request,
and tne'juior, N. A. Judd of me iiicks
judd Printing Company, was examined
as to his connection with poolsellers by
reason of doing printing for them. The
juior was challenged by the prosecution
and the challenge was allowea. The ap
peal was take'n on the ground that tne
Judge erred in allowing , the challenge.
The appellate court decided that the ap
peal was well taken. The. prosecution,
asked for a new trial, but it was refused
and the case dismissed.
Tho second case was that of D. J. Crow
ley, who was convicted by a jury in Judge
Cabaniss' court and fined 5300. An appeal
was taken on the ground that three of the
Jurors— Julius Haug, J. H. Blakeway and
C. J. Collins— were allowed to try the case
by the court when they were disqualified
by reaton of actual bias, and on tho other
ground that the complaint did not show
that the pool was sold on- a "system of
registering bets as wagers," as required
by the ordinance. The appeal was sus
tained, a motion for a new trial was re
fused and tho case dismissed.
There was no time to hear the argu
ments on the three test cases of Harry
Corbett, Joseph Mohan and John Rlley.
which were tried by Judge Mogan without
a jury by agreement between the pool
sellers and Chief Sullivan, so as to decld»
what constitutes a pool. Counsel will sub
mit briefs in these cases within three days
and a decision will be rendered within ten
days.
Judgo Cook remarked that the decisions
ln the Peckerman and Crowley cases did
not enter Into the merits of the points ln
dispute between the prosecution and de
fense which were em.braced in the three
test cases ln which briefs were to be sub
mitted.
Briefs Will Be Submitted on Test
Cases Within Three Days and
Cases of Joseph reckerman
and D. J. Crowley Dis
missed.
POOLMEN GAIN
DECISIONS ON "
COURT ERRORS
WEAK TESTIMONY
IS GIVEN AGAINST
STUART HAROLD
coting in Fischer's Con
cert Hall Investi
gated.
Spec*] Offlcer Brown P. Haugen, th.e
:ian Wh.0 Was Shot, Has
Eluded Vigilance of
the Police.
M1fs> Josie Costello, carhier at Fisch
er's, trstified to having seen Harold talk
ins to Hausren in front of the hall and
heard Harold say that he had been treat
ed, badly by the people inside and would
have his revenue. Harold was very
tirirrk. Mrs. Joypph Means, a waitress,
testified that she heard a similar remark.
btrt could not identify Haro!d as the man
whn made it. Policeman Mulcahey and
Detective Dinan were examined and Har
old's attorney? raovwi for a dismissal.
The Judtre said he WGuld render his de
dslon Wedresdav.
Special Officer J. P. McCarthy at the
On>heum testified to having seen a com
motion in front of Fischer's. He went
arro«? the street and saw Fischer holding
Harold. Hausren Bald that HaroM had
phot him and the bullet was In him. He
took charge of Harold till Policeman Mul
cahey arrived. He found four cartridges
in Harold's pocket.
Dr. Victor E. Putnam described the na
ture of Haugen's injury, which was only
a flesh wound. George Campbell, a
waiter, testified at first that he had never
f«n Harold. Then he said he had seen
a crowd outside and a man was holding a
pistol in the air. lie took it from him and
pave it to one of the barkeepers. Wll*
l'am Bush, barkeeper, testified to setting
The pistol from Campbell, but he was too
busy to pee what was going on.
he preliminary examination of Stuart i
: uojfl, alias Upshur, son-in-law of I
..ucky" Baldwin, charged with assault
murder for shooting Special Officer
i-rewn P. Haugen ia Fischer's concert
ball October S. was held before Judge
Fxltx yetterday afternoon. Assistant Uls
trict Attorney Whiting conducted the '
I rosecution and the defendant was repre
sented by ex-Judge Ferral and Attorney
Sweeney;
Whtu the case was called a week aVo
the prcstcution asked for a continuance,
si. filjecis.1 OScer Haugen. the complain
ii.g witness, had mj'iteriously disapyear
ec. A bench warrant was issued for his
arrest, but every effort made by the
police to find him had f aiied an>J Assistant
Uistrict Attorney Whiting: announced that
they would go en wita the case without
him.
The witnesses for the prosecution were
net as positive ln their sia-temcnta as
when interrogated 1 by the poiice at the
lime cf the snooting and the laces of De
tectives Dinan and \Vren, who worked up
the case, were a study as they listened to
ti*e testimony.
K. A. Fischer, proprietor of the concert
hall, testined to Harold ana ms triends
entering the place and raising a disturb
ance. He requested them to keep quiet
and they all rose from their seats. Har
old asked the witness why he had "called
him down." They had some words and
Harold nia.de a motion as if to strike him
and he was put out. Mrs. Harold asked
¦witness why he had put her husband
out and she was told that he was "full"
and making a disturbance. She became
abusive ana the barkeeper pushed her out
ot the door. Harold returned ln about ten
minutes. Kischer him walk up to Spe
cial Officer Haug-en In the lobby and heard
him make a remark to Haugen. Then
he heard a shot and saw that Harold had
a pistol in his hand. He made a rush at
Harold, grabbed hold of his hand and
hurtled him out to the sidewalk with
assistance. Haugen was holding on to
Harold. The men were about two feet
siart when he heard the pistol shot.
When he saw the pistol Harold had It
pointed toward the- floor.
THE . SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city frjnt (Mlsjlon-street wharf) about twenty
five mlnutea later than at Fort Point; me
h«-l«?ht of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of '''High and -Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ' San
Francisco Hay. Published t>y official au
thority of the Superintendent,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER' 23,
29
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Pier.
San:a RosajSan Diego Nov. 25. 9 am Pier 11
Samoa iHumboldt Nov. 15, 10 am Pier 2
Albion 'Honolulu Nov. 25. 10 am Pier 2
Newburg ..(Grays Harbor Nov. 26. 5 pmjPier 13
S. Narbara. Humboldt Nov. 26, 10 am Pier 2
Eureka |Humboldt Nov. 27. -9 am Pier 13
City Puebla' Victoria Nov. 27. 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta iNewport Nov. 27, 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 27, 10 am Pier 13
Rival IWlllapa :. Nov. 27. 3 pm PTer 2
Czarina ...[Seattle Nov. 28. 5 pm Pier 8
Quten San Dlepo Nov. 28, 9 am Pier 11
Doric 'China &Japan|Nov. 2% 1 pm PMSS
Ar-ipu!cii ..!N>w York INov. 2X. 12 m PilSS
Man.ialay .!Coqufllc n....|Nov. 2S .i
Pomona ...iHumboldt (Nov. 23. 2 pm Pier 9
Alllanre .. ., Portl'd & CRINov. 29, -9 am Pier 20
Arcata Coos Ttay INov. 23, 12 m Pier 13
Ge->. Elder.) Portland Nov. 29, 11 am Pier 24
Corona (Newport Nov. 30, 9 am Pier 11
Manaurnse 'Mexico Dec. 1, 12 m Pier 27
North Fork 1 Humboldt Dec. 1. 9 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. j Point Arena..! Dec. 1. 2 pmlPler 2
Steamer. |
From.
Due.
Bonlta Newport [Nov. 25
Queen San Diego |Nov. 2a
Eureka Humboldt Nov. M
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 25
Willamette Seattle Nov. 25
Alliance | Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 25
G. W. Elder. ..JPortland INov. 26
Arcata [Coos Bay ...Nov. 26
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 26
Kmplre Coos Bay Nov. 26
MsjidaJay Coqullle River Nov. 2*T
Profp"eso Tacoma Nov. 27
Maiiewan Tacoma Nov. 27
Nippon Maru.-.jChina and Japan INov. 55 f
Curacao '. Mexico JNov. 27
Pomona lEurrka ....."|Nbv. 27
Del Norte [Portland and Coos Bay. I Nov. 28
Corona (Newport JNov. "8
Senator Alaska & Puget Sound. Nov. 2S
ZralanJIa (Honolulu Nov.' 28
Australia |TahiU Nov. 2S
North Fork [Humboldt •• Nov. 28
Rainier (Seattle Nov. 28
Jeanle (Seattle Nov. 28
Crescent City.. (Crescent City Nov. 29
Santa "Rosa [San Diego Nov. 29
Point Arena....! Point Arena :.... Nov. 2:*
South Portland Seattle :.. Nov. 39
Mackinaw ISeattle Nov. SO
Titania jNanaimo Nov. SO
City of Sydney! New York via. Panama Dec. 1
Columbia ITortland Dec. • 1
s
a
ITlmej ITtme - (Time! |Tim«|.
I ! Ft. I Ft. t-, 1 Ft. I ' Ft.
IH W| L W H W| |I. W|
25 ...
M ...
27 ...
2S ...
29 ...
80 ...
1 ...
. 2:22 4.6 6:42) 3.2 l!:25j 5.5 7:30—0.4
. J:0« 4.8 7:41 3.2 1:1S 6.2 8:22—0.2
. 3:50 6.0 8:50 3.2 2:19 4.9 9:12 0.2
. 4:33 5.1 10:02 2.S 3:33 4.5 10:05 0.6
. 6:16 5.3 11:1C 2.2 5:00! 4.2 11:00 1.1
. 6:00! 5.5 12:20 1.6 6:2T| 4.2 :..
L "W! ill W| L. WJ H W
.1 0:00 1.6 6:43[ 5.8 1:1» 0.S 7:46 4.2
I Second Feet.
DATE.
DATE.
1 1S33. 1300.
November 11
November 12
November 13
November 14
November 15
November 16 I
November 17 !
, 34.600 4.760
, 1S.D0O 4,760
, 10,400 4.7CO
, 10.400 4.C60
. 8.G30 4,560
. lft, 700 4,760
. 21.160 13,100
Second Feet.
DATE. ,
1S99. 1900.
November 11 2130 423
November 12 1S25 423
November 13 1730 .4S5
November 14 13G5 4S3
November 13 1365 760
November 16 2S40 1043
November 17... '. 1925 1635
DATE.
I Second Fe«t. I I .
DATE. , — (iln'srCo. Total
1S99. I 1900. Canal. 1900.
Nov. 11..: 4532 ic4 .10 ' 1070~
Nov. 12 4314 850 10 860
Nov. 13 2716 S59 10 SCO
Nov. 14.. 2104 6C0 10 670
Nov. 15 3124 680 10 - 670
Nov. 16 4632 570 10 £80
Nov. 17 38." 6 22S5 10 2295
DATE.
Second Feet.
1539. I IDOo"
November 11.
November 12
November 13.....
November 14
November 15
November 16
November 17
955 360
743 3C0
1060 360
1173 S0O
935 300
745 300
1060 SCO
Second Feet.
• 1S99. [ 1900.
November 11 '..... 676 2S5
November 12.... 1038 250
November 13 849 250
November 14 723 250
November 15..... 624 250
November 16 ; 1240 320-
November 17 90S 2S52.
Second Feet.
DATE. ,
1S99. 1900.
November 11 2130 423
November 12 1S25 423
November 13 1730 .4S5
November 14 13G5 4S3
November 13 1365 760
November 16 2S40 1043
November 17... '. 1925 1635
DATE.
I Second Fe«t. I I .
DATE. , — (iln'srCo. Total
1S99. I 1900. Canal. 1900.
Nov. 11..: 4532 ic4 .10 ' 1070~
Nov. 12 4314 850 10 860
Nov. 13 2716 S59 10 SCO
Nov. 14.. 2104 6C0 10 670
Nov. 15 3124 680 10 - 670
Nov. 16 4632 570 10 £80
Nov. 17 38." 6 22S5 10 2295
DATE.
Second Feet.
1539. I IDOo"
November 11.
November 12
November 13.....
November 14
November 15
November 16
November 17
955 360
743 3C0
1060 360
1173 S0O
935 300
745 300
1060 SCO
Second Feet.
• 1S99. [ 1900.
November 11 '..... 676 2S5
November 12.... 1038 250
November 13 849 250
November 14 723 250
November 15..... 624 250
November 16 ; 1240 320-
November 17 90S 2S52.
I Second Feet.
DATE.
DATE.
1 1S33. 1300.
November 11
November 12
November 13
November 14
November 15
November 16 I
November 17 !
, 34.600 4.760
, 1S.D0O 4,760
, 10,400 4.7CO
, 10.400 4.C60
. 8.G30 4,560
. lft, 700 4,760
. 21.160 13,100
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Pier.
San:a RosajSan Diego Nov. 25. 9 am Pier 11
Samoa iHumboldt Nov. 15, 10 am Pier 2
Albion 'Honolulu Nov. 25. 10 am Pier 2
Newburg ..(Grays Harbor Nov. 26. 5 pmjPier 13
S. Narbara. Humboldt Nov. 26, 10 am Pier 2
Eureka |Humboldt Nov. 27. -9 am Pier 13
City Puebla' Victoria Nov. 27. 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta iNewport Nov. 27, 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 27, 10 am Pier 13
Rival IWlllapa :. Nov. 27. 3 pm PTer 2
Czarina ...[Seattle Nov. 28. 5 pm Pier 8
Quten San Dlepo Nov. 28, 9 am Pier 11
Doric 'China &Japan|Nov. 2% 1 pm PMSS
Ar-ipu!cii ..!N>w York INov. 2X. 12 m PilSS
Man.ialay .!Coqufllc n....|Nov. 2S .i
Pomona ...iHumboldt (Nov. 23. 2 pm Pier 9
Alllanre .. ., Portl'd & CRINov. 29, -9 am Pier 20
Arcata Coos Ttay INov. 23, 12 m Pier 13
Ge->. Elder.) Portland Nov. 29, 11 am Pier 24
Corona (Newport Nov. 30, 9 am Pier 11
Manaurnse 'Mexico Dec. 1, 12 m Pier 27
North Fork 1 Humboldt Dec. 1. 9 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. j Point Arena..! Dec. 1. 2 pmlPler 2
Steamer. |
From.
Due.
Bonlta Newport [Nov. 25
Queen San Diego |Nov. 2a
Eureka Humboldt Nov. M
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 25
Willamette Seattle Nov. 25
Alliance | Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 25
G. W. Elder. ..JPortland INov. 26
Arcata [Coos Bay ...Nov. 26
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 26
Kmplre Coos Bay Nov. 26
MsjidaJay Coqullle River Nov. 2*T
Profp"eso Tacoma Nov. 27
Maiiewan Tacoma Nov. 27
Nippon Maru.-.jChina and Japan INov. 55 f
Curacao '. Mexico JNov. 27
Pomona lEurrka ....."|Nbv. 27
Del Norte [Portland and Coos Bay. I Nov. 28
Corona (Newport JNov. "8
Senator Alaska & Puget Sound. Nov. 2S
ZralanJIa (Honolulu Nov.' 28
Australia |TahiU Nov. 2S
North Fork [Humboldt •• Nov. 28
Rainier (Seattle Nov. 28
Jeanle (Seattle Nov. 28
Crescent City.. (Crescent City Nov. 29
Santa "Rosa [San Diego Nov. 29
Point Arena....! Point Arena :.... Nov. 2:*
South Portland Seattle :.. Nov. 39
Mackinaw ISeattle Nov. SO
Titania jNanaimo Nov. SO
City of Sydney! New York via. Panama Dec. 1
Columbia ITortland Dec. • 1
s
a
ITlmej ITtme - (Time! |Tim«|.
I ! Ft. I Ft. t-, 1 Ft. I ' Ft.
IH W| L W H W| |I. W|
25 ...
M ...
27 ...
2S ...
29 ...
80 ...
1 ...
. 2:22 4.6 6:42) 3.2 l!:25j 5.5 7:30—0.4
. J:0« 4.8 7:41 3.2 1:1S 6.2 8:22—0.2
. 3:50 6.0 8:50 3.2 2:19 4.9 9:12 0.2
. 4:33 5.1 10:02 2.S 3:33 4.5 10:05 0.6
. 6:16 5.3 11:1C 2.2 5:00! 4.2 11:00 1.1
. 6:00! 5.5 12:20 1.6 6:2T| 4.2 :..
L "W! ill W| L. WJ H W
.1 0:00 1.6 6:43[ 5.8 1:1» 0.S 7:46 4.2
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
The Bay' City Wheelmen held a "heart
party" at Its clubrooms last night, which
drew a Iar*e crowd. ,
Bay City Wheelmen Party.
How Do You Like This New Fad?
Vegetarians, anti-coffee drinkers and
food cranks -of ¦ every description must;
now take a back seat, for a new fad has
the floor.
A society has recently been formed, the
members of which pledge themselves to
eat no food whatever that has been cook-
ed. They claim that uncooked food Is the
only rational healthful diet: that our re-
mote ancestors ate no cooked food and
therefore if we do the same vigor and
health will be our reward.
Raw meat, raw potatoes, raw wheat,
raw egps, raw everything, is the enticing
bill of fare held: out to the enthusiastic
food crank of the future, and the society-
proposes to establish restaurants in the
larger cities where this delightful menu
may be served dally..
Modern cooking is often a. dyspepsia
producer, because we fry so many foods
which should be baked, roasted, broiled
or boiled; fried food is indigestible- be-
cause each particle of food is Incased in
hot grease, which, the digestive juices of
the stomach cannot easily penetrate; but
properly cooked , food Is more easily, di-
gested than the same food. uncooked, and
we predict for the. new fad a very, limited
following. . , , ; . ¦ - ¦
/The real cause of indigestion is the lack
of Hydrochloric acid aud peptones In the
stomach;- so- that; no matter 'how- well
cooked the food it cannot be well digested-
unless the gastric, juice < is. abundant ; and
contains the necessary- amount of pep-
tones to dissolve the food." ..y ¦; .
i Therefore the most sensible : cure for
poor: digestion is "..to take alter each meal
some safe and reliable-digestive like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which supply
peptones to digest the; meat and eggs and
diastase to digest the v bread, potatoes and
similar starchy foods. \ ....- j ,-.
Laxative medicines. never cure indiges-
tion, because they have no digestive effect
whatever upon the food; on the other
hand, if .the food Is * properly digested
there will be no need, of laxatives. Good
digestion does away .with constipation,
v,"; Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain pure
aseptic pepsin (government test) diastase
and' the digestive elements which weak
stomachs lack, \ and they cure indigestion
by assisting the overworked, 1 rundown sto-
mach in its hard work until it Is restored
to ; its , normal condition, whehvthe ; tablets
'are no longer needed;; but there are thou-
•sands^of robusti men, and' women \ who
never. eat a meal* without'- taking one or
two of Stuart's . Tablets, - because by so
doing they- can eat; what they -please and
-when they.«pl©ase , and ; be free • from any
bad after-effects, v "¦' ¦ * '-'"- X-\i?J ' :^**.,
-- Stuart's •" Dyspepsia Tablets are ; Bold by
druggists - everywhere - . ¦ ln * the >. United
States. Canada and' Great Britain
WILL IT BECOME POPULAR?
GBAPZ-NTJTS.
STOCKMAN'S FINGERS
Same on Both. Sands.
W. E. Beckham, a corking heavy-weight
of Burton, Kar.s.. Is ln the livestock busi-
ness. He did net need to pay much at-
tention to the food he ate until about two
years ago an attack of the grip left him
partially paralyzed. His experience with
Is well worth reading.
•The third and little finger on each
hand became partially paralyzed, and my
spine was affected just below the back of
the neck. This came from a severe at-
tack of the? grip two years ago. I almost
entirely lost the use of my hands.
"This condition continued eeveral
months, in spite of all kinds of baths and
treatments. In the meantime my stom-
ach, bowels and digestive organs became
affected and deranged. My liver seemed
to have no more action than if I had no
Bvfr at all. No food of any kind tasted
tight, and I run <Sowa from 210 pounds
to ICO.
"One day the gTOceryman asked me If
I had ever tried Grape-Nuts food. He
told me that It was recommended as a
brain end nerve food and that It was pre-
digeated.
"So I commenced the use of Grape-
Nutp and carried some in my pocket.
>.'o»v and then wlvn I feit hungry would
lake som* of the food into m> mouth and
alicw it to melt ti-fore swallowing. The
food has a dfUclou* taste and I bepan to
;m;»rove right awa>. In three days' time
I teak very much better.
"i continued the use of Grape-Nuts and
continued to improve steadily. In a few
weeks longer 1 was strong and had re-
frained the use cf my har.ds j>erfectly. In
iess than five months I was back to over
200 pounds, as you see m«» in the picture
which 1 send. Am row 51 years o!d and
mrver bad better health In all my life. I
Tasted a fir«t-cla?s medical examination
it bout fuur months ago la a life Insurance
eorepauy.
"My recovery to good "health is solely
duo to the use of <J rape-Nuts food. As
a brain and nerve food there Is nothing,
equal to It. You can use any part of this
letter, and I hope it may lead some un-
fortunate Invalid to health."
ADVEATISZMSNTa
w&SSmSmii Triin Ponn'o Mori a T7otT medicated. hl?h neck. Ions: sleeves ya
mS&fflsBfA tiP 1IJ1I1 rtiUpitJ 1U dUB rail n eck finished with crocheted silk and £j
fBSlJS&Siv/r T^ . i» T?-v+ LTn^v^in TVT.-»,rl« TU!_l drawn with silk. tape. One of our 0}
WMmSaam .extraordinary rat reopie iflaae lnin: special r><>e &
WBmmsSEim —^ „„ tv- ¦, PANTS to match, ankle lensrth. »S
mimm Oiktingsin r $5> sllF%lclE H # F S^1^^: "•d""' B 50e I
ajSMu/HBivA T^1 ' 1 T !£'£**• I TRACTION'S THIS t -. A *-< i.-«'\-> *r '" y^^z f-**L-m V|
WBS8fMr//A XjlclCk JLclCCS* r EK - ATTRACTION HO3C made of V^-'i^>""^3 M
WJg^y A $2 50 LaCe cor'sif FORM and ble toes? Mil .^i^JpSj $
Sjj®' for 49 C8ntS. /*Sjl43^ best quality sateen, ppeclal out-Mze. "^^V^-JS !|^ /5 >J
! m^iSE}/ uM LY^LACeT The GENUINE HER MAJESTY town-talk prlc/ this xreek 2Sc |
i (|§§B^iE§j& ' // \ \ from 3 to 15 CORSET for SIT 7,"» 2^.1 pairs CHILDREN'S EVER- %
$&$ lie&Erai/ k\ inches wide, JUST THINK OF IT n l< midt. LASTING HOSE, made of best Peru- H
' W4 / no 'better of the vpry best fist black iL?a«1 vlan cotton, double heels, toes and ti
fM 'V^vW lace made. thorouchlv bon^l with b7* - timSerert kne ° s: comf " ln mpllUl ™ ani1 hMV ?- M
!H £5^ -^y>^^KA black. steel ° ni«t-DrooJ^ i n even 'V St \ wel - ht - elastic but very nn.1 jj
W^lSils 1 " a11 the co"et we P^aranteT for NINETY 1^ match these against any §
8t <£ at * DAYS - It wwdally r adwted ti J^ 056 made - ° Ur 8ma11 I
*J5£P ter ns. bome women of stout flares, as It comci *""-° «oc g
J leH^SJ'^a- A Challenge Offerini; From Our 1
I p y "• clal ¦•^•tractiovxo--,? 2 ' 75 Handkerchief Department! U
£• Warm P.h'r* anrf Nathi ! i^vniF-s- porcft mn^ n f >„><.* «•"» dozen ladies* hajtdker- m
,; Wa.m, bn C ana Natty! qu^ity IE Fren C ch^ E n%a^fo e ned f afe j -HIEFB. W?'k% I
P LADIES* WOOL -, most approved French models, belnjr 'ast linen hemstitched, soft and vel- I.
B GOLF VESTS. fi low In the bust, short on the hips vety; ready for use. They are won- y
made of finest H f^ and lone over the abdomen. trimme<l ders at this price lOc i
quality German fo^jHr wlth lace beadinj? and satin ribbon. Cold Weather floods Ai»e 9
yarn, closely knit- boned wIth genuine v,-hale-bcme. v " om 01 " 61 * uooas Arc »g
ted and bound L'/ (?v* Comes in tan. embossed with pink Imperative Now. S^a v |
with fine silk tape; WsrVk anfi ereen ?Uk flowers, and black _,„ r»V»-nyw \i? i
military front. jUjl v\ with Cyrano flowers. This week's T >o«r'a # 3
trimmed with 4mEk\ \l prices are lower than you ever knew ty'^ist^s. Alaao or A-hVk\ M
brass buttons; jff^ ?u for this corset S2.25 Z°?\ &I3)SN I
i cnmM' tn nrpttv ' titmi^-- • / . elder - down, fitted tlanEl!/) * «
P?^idl or /olid -"«^— Sale QTarrell Street Entrance. back, full front, well t^M&y 4
:*.. i S^%& t ?l^^..llS8Ta* I Tli.ift Mid DeftDes. Have ?H^KS I
It Would R» Fitravaaant nn Combined to Make Dainty Silk ?T. r^- 1.^.^ Ml %
1 y!!p.!.. El Waists Possible to the Many /Jfl if
Your Pal \0 D llSgard Who Buy Jn^icionsly. 5K1^-r<^^ e Si Wk I
InlS TllGBi. Samnle line of SILK AND WOOL /I'AV^'^T^Vi*. % -*"i ~" .. "1
timrcnor^'D^nn, , - WAISTS, all nwest shapes and col- LADIES KIMONA. made of good H
LADIE6 DREtsS 6KIRT, made of ors . Amonp them is a tafTeta waist flannelette, in Dresden or figured ef- d
good quality fast black serge, welted made cf soft-finished taffeta silk fects. trimmed witn solid color; lav- %
seams.. inverted pkat. lined through- tucked back co«ded and tucked ender. pink and blue. Our amazing- $
out with good quality nearsilk. neat- front, dress' sleeve, flare cuff. >>' low P^ce OSc ffl
ly bound and flmshed. Our price, an lined throughout, detachable col- _• . -,"' ,, _, „ _ , 1
accident of trade 81.Jit» iar: colors, lavender, navy, red Sal ° O'Farrelt Street Entrance. J
: iV ' ' . and cadet 82. 9S J
,< Can It Rf» G>i\\i\ ANOTHER is made of good I PCC TWAfU HAL P 3
Je5 Vdll 11 DC pressed flannel. French back, full tc »« I nAI\ "ALr 4
t\ That anv m , front, all sizes S1.35 IS A SEDUCTIVE HEADLTNE. IN - I
i -CE0 particular style ,. - . **£¦ v THIS CASE IT ID LITERALLY 4
1 of neckwear* 18 A1W3VS tO the 0L\ TRUE. S
'. -^5*^ the m05t fash " %*^ LADIES' FLANNELETTE j
I €&<# Ionable? Cnnntf K- X GOWNS, made of best quality
i *¥* Jl There were so • ' Ulll « - ,/WV striped flannelette, with double yoke.
; -I > O' . many pretty *%,?—' vvT-rrrTi t-v liS< i'.VA back and front; yoke trimmed with
j /T styles shown us n "!" K '^^ ii A-rT xiVw' V^ ( ''''><f\ torchon lace and finished with deep ;
: VT Ak-fX "^. hen vre bou l h t ipry npPARTMPVT M .''iliAl Tume of torchon lace- and satin rib-
i &^5V S'J^it* that we l nclu a e <* iflila flrot in mfaml inS PMmV neck and sleeves trimmed with I
i &3 7 $£**&£k£& 8ome of nearly [*£*?. fl ,™Vrtr 2 V : \\^V lace and ftnishlnp braid; full length, I
\ a11 of them - «" J P T a V*. ll !vM extr * wlde - "Wo«h double tho
} Here are a few 6.T dozen LADIES' I'-W'i,/ money 9*i C '
||. j ! j&Lj&£ dainty neck- VESTS, made of finest \Mh':f A LnilTED QUANTITY OF Afr*?-
: '^M& dressings for ex- Australian wool. Swiss If, f; ;.7 LIN GOWNS qo^i
it ft«P ample: ribbed, high neck, long \\\\'J 7^, M^tv«i7^^ ,-
A y%gy STOCK COL- sleeves, neck crocheted VUf/ Also MX. SLIN DRAWERS. ....17o •
I LARS, of tucked with silk and drawn twJ They are wonders for the price,
satin, different shapes 10c through .with silk tape: vn . . . ... .. _ ' ¦ .
, rt D m A^ T^nh OT S s ?u?^ A b^ s a ffisa-SSTuSfflS 1 Cold Weather Garments at Less
trimmed v.ith gold soutache braid that wlll not lrrltate the »A -JL-,. n a |f I
••••• ;V^V;"^^V""U oC most tender skin; an ex- H/ I lldll (1011.
SHEER LAWN COLLARS, with ceptional offering. gtl.OO •/ t vr>TT-«?' ruonTETFT) T'-STDPT
emb^ d - SADIES' COMBINATION SUITS. SKIRTS^ S «ad5?fflS^Sl J£f Ml
ery, edged with dainty laco......3 i>c made of the finest wool, steam width, crocheted yoke, with dra^r !
CHIFFON FISCHU, trimmed with shrunk; Swiss ribbed, high neck, strings; comes in solid black or black
full ruffle of chiffon and stitched long sleeves, ankle length; equal to and white stripe; winter garments at
with heavy •ilk.... S1.48 any $2.50 garment; our price. Ssl. 75 summer prices SOc '
JOE ROSENBERG 81 6 market st. j
W V/ JLA Aa.v/k^JLjX>l J-^JLJ ll^J j running through to u o-farrell st. |
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. PHELAN BTJUjIDrN'CJ. t
A WATERPROOF LEATHER. ' '^}.^^r,^S
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT
i At $$ the pair. No rubber and oiled silk linings,
so.unhealthful to the feet. Sold only at
, Mat! Orders ¦§ w . _ , H
Filled. - mJT^ «^* m> 4 738-740 Vt
Address kV^l %*& UI'% Market St, U
2c P n?o: A^C*l3tL r Kr* So* Francisco. Jjyou can furnish references, you will hear from
me further. Yours truly, &I. B.
In a later letter, evidently sent in reply
to one received from Mantel, the writer
disclosed her identity, signing it Evelyn
Cuthbert. but declined to give up her pic
ture until such time as Mantel could take
a trip for the purpose : of seeing her
charms in person.
Papa Cuthbert. who Is employed as a
printer on the Sacramento Record Union,
was informed by his daughter regarding
the correspondence, and possibly did not
approve of it. for the young lady, antici
pating the visit of Mantel, wrote him as
follows:
12 Capp ave., Fruitvale. Alameda. County.
Dear Mr. Mantel — My father waa down to-day
and I told him of our correspondence, but did
net tell him how our acquaintance began. . I
Fhowed him your photo and he liked your
looks very much and has no objection to our
continued friendship as long as he hears noth
ing against you. I feel very sure if he knew
how we really had become acquainted he would
not for one moment allow this to continue :' w>
if at any time you should write to hlnf do not
on any account let the fecret out. On making
inquiries about you I told him that I hail
known" you for about six weeks, so he Imagined
from that you were up here at that time and
(sion. I have received your two Interesting, let
ters and have been waiting for my photos be-
detectives on her track and have learned
enough to permit me to recover.
"I believe if . my^ wife was left "alone
that we could get on all right, but. now I
am going to push the matter through -the
courts, and even have her arrested if I- do
not get my presents and money back."
THINZS MANTEL IS CRAZY.
Wife of the Mexican Brewer Tells
Why She Left Him.
-.OAKLAND, Nov. 24— Mrs. Evelyn Man
tel lives with a friend at 14 Capp avenue,
in Fruitvale. She is a daughter of W. W.
Cuthbert, foreman in the office of the
Sacramento Record-Union. She preferred
that her attorney should do any talking
that was necessary in regard to her diffi
culties with her husband, but would say
that she did not consider him wholly re
sponsible for his recent acts.
"He is certainly not in his right mind,"
said Mrs. Mantel. "He has threatened a
great many times to publish what in his
erratic mind he considers breaches of pro
priety on ray part. He is the manager of
a large brewery 4 ln Chihuahua, Mexico,
and I" spent' some time there with him,
returning about a year ago. Owing to his
spiteful actions he and I did not get along
well together. We separated and I have
jiot seen him now for some time. I saw
him last ten days ago and I thought from
the way he talked that he had about given
up his insane idea of wanting to publish
our troubles, but It seems he has not."
Asa V. Mendehall, attorney for Mrs.
Mantel, said' to-night:
"Mantel treated his wife in a very cruel
and unusual manner, and we can only ac
count for his actions upon the theory that
he is crazy.- Mrs. Mantel was compelled
to leave him because of his treatment and
is now staying with friends tn Fruitvale.
It Is only necessary to tell of his treat
ment of his wife In one particular to show
his actions. Miss Maxwell, at whose home
she is now staying, had been visiting her
at her home and Mrs. Mantel decided to
return with her to visit her father.
"Mantel had the police at every town
they passed through stop them and search
their effects and put them to every Incon
venience possible. Mr. Cuthbert, Mrs. Man
tel's father, sent them some money bv
check, which they tried to have cashed at
El Paso, only to find that Mantel had or
dered all banks not to pay any checks to
his wife. This caused more delay and
annoyance. His treatment of her has
been the same in all cases and she has
been subjected to the most humiliating
annoyances.'.' •;':,'•:;;
fore answering, but thought it wi?e to send you
this warning in case my father should wrU».
-I -expect to send my picture on Tuesday and
will then write a long letter. In haste. ' -
• • -;' EVELYN CUTHBERT.
Letters equally as tender, but Increasing
In intensity of endearing expressions fol
lowed. Business permitted Mantel to
come, to San Francisco. With personal
intercourse the spark of love was fanned
.into a flame ami Evelyn Cuthbert waa
married to Mantel at the residence of
Mrs. Maxwell, in Fruitvale, in the after
noon of January 31. 18S9, Rev. R. F. Coyle
of Oakland officiating.
No reception or honeymoon followed the
marriage ceremony. On the Southern Pa
cific train, which left Oakland two hours
later, the bride bade a hasty adieu to her
husband, promising to meet him soon again
in Mexico, when they would assume the
duties of husband and wife in a hacienda
in Chihuahua. Every month. Mantel says,
he sent his wife $25 for her maintenance,
but it was destined tnat nearly a year
should elapse before they should again
be united. In the meanwhile all kinds of
endearlnir letters passed between them.
Finally tired of waiting, in November.
1R90. Mantel says he sent his wife $100 with
which to make the journey to Mexico,
and about midnight of November 17 the
. bride . arrived . at Chihuahua In company
with a relative. Katherlne Maxwell.
The very next morning Mrs. Mantel, ac
cording to her husband, declared that she
wanted to go home to her mother, and al
though Mantel gave her $40 to purchase
necessaries for their household she would
not stay, and after a wrangle lasting two
days Mrs. Mantel and Katherine Maxwell
returned to this country.
While Mrs. Mantel was In Chihuahua a
letter from one Charles Lund of Fruit
vale addressed to Mrs. Mantel was re
ceived and opened by her husband.- There
is nothing apparently in the letter to ex
cite suspicion, but Mantel says he did not
like her to receive it. Now Mantel Is here
to seek redress.
"I commenced corresponding with my
wife three years ago." said Mantel, "and
when I first met. her I did not like her. I
thought she had too Tiueh temper,' but
Mrs. Maxwell insisted she would
make a grood wife 'j and I married
her. The same afternoon, two hours
later, I was on my wiiy to Mexico. "We
did net meet again tillj' the following 1 No
vember, when she cams ¦ down : to Chlhau
hua in company \v*ith Mlss.Kath
erine Maxwell. She stayed two days and
then left, giving no exctise for her strange
actions. Now I am going to sue for alien
ation of affections and the. return, of the
money : I expended. I s have had private
ADAM MANTEL OF CHIHUAHUA, MEXICO, AND HIS FRUITVALE
BRIDE. WON BY MAIL, WHO FOR SOME UNEXPLAINED REASON
PERSISTENTLY REFUSES TO LIVE WITH HIM.
POWERS FORCED TO GIVE PLACE
TO SAM MARION'S BROTHER DAVE
"WTien "The Stranger In New York"
company pulls out of here to-day it will
be xrith one change In the cast John T.
Powers, who played L Collier Down, will
become an addition to San Francisco's
Klalto, while Dave Marion, a brother of
the company's principal comedian, will
take the part Powers formerly played.
Behind this change is a tale of intrigue
BURGLAR MAKES
HIMSELF FELT
Working the Western Addi
tion'in the Guise of
a Peddler.
Ji. number of daylight burglaries in the
"U'estern Addition have recently been re
ported to the police and they are satisfied
the work Is that of an ex-convict for
whom they are looking.
One of the most daring of the lot oc
curred last Wediiesdav between -12 and 1
o'clock at the residence of Mrs. George
Steckelberg, a widow at 1500 Jackson
street. .Every one happened to be out of
the house between those hours and one
of the neighbors observed a man ring
the front door bell. The man waited for
a minute or two and then entered the
house, the neighbor thinking that some
one had opened the door to admit him.
He was seen to leave in a few minutes
in a hurry. ¦ . ' : '
Mrs. Steckelberg returned shortly after
1 o'clock and she 1 at once saw that there
had been a visitor during- her absence.
She hurried to her .bedroom and discov
ered that her Jewel case had disappeared.
The room had been thoroughly ransacked
and jewelry consisting of diamond rings/
bracelets and other articles" valued-/. at
about' $1000 had been stolen.
Mrs. Steckolberg at once notified police
headquarters, and Detective. Ross "Whit
taker was detailed on the case. He made
an investigation and came to the conclu
sion that the * burglar had effected an
entrance through the front door by means
of a skeleton key. He got a description of
the man who was seen ringing- the front
bell and- decided that he was the 5 ex-con
,vict the police have been looking for/
Every effort has been made to find him,
but so far without success. .
It Is supposed. that the burglar is the
man who goes around pretending that he
Is a peddler. He watches his oppor
tunity when he sees people leaving a
house and makes the- way clear by ring
ing the door bell. - If -it is" answered- he
asks if anything in the shape of fruit or
vegetables is wanted, and If not -an
swered he takes the chance of no one
being at home. ¦' - ; '
dark and deep, which would seem more
appropriate to the villain of a Southed!
melodrama than to the acrobatic comedy
star of a IJoyt imposslblity.
ui£h m , el ? bers «>f the company tell all
kinds of. funny stories about Bam Mar
!S£ S K!l5 ect t n « tor EmI1 y Benner. a charm
ing brown-haired miss, who looks pretty
SSrfiSS S e " as Fair >' stor i'- "one of the
n*?< m' i i' owers ' sa > r the men and whis
vor h'^ li5 Jlcs> R w<U! looked upon with fa
\or by Miss Benner. who aid not seem
particularly affected by Marion's a rd^m
Piotestations of affection. Marion there
dde'dSyt eve!,. regUlatCd C ° medlan ' de "
? i^ W M . arIons name is on the company's
$S£. ¦£?£¦££ MarIon ' 8 '«••?•«»
Marion put the McCoy Pistors in the
business He has but to beckon and the
McCoy sisters will follow. It was to
Fh*}'*^* such a ca tastrophe taking place
« J " wcrs , was dropped from the cast.
Members of the company tell of many
disputes in which Marion took up the
cudgels in Miss Benner's defense when
that sweet warbler was threatened with
fines. The last time was in this rlty
when some one In front of the house fined
the young actress $10 for interpolating
business not put into the plav by Hoyt
Miss Benner objected to 'paying the
money, claiming that Marion, who is
stage manager, had told her to put the
business in.' Then, as the business de
partment showed no signs of yielding, she
went to Marion, the all-powerful, with
her tale of woe. The comedian sought
the front of the house and the companv
tells of an angry colloquy which ended
In Marion saying he would not be dic
tated to by a "lot of dubs" and threaten
ing to quit the company the next night
buch a. happening would have meant
the breaking up of "A Stranger in New
xork. and so. Miss Benner ; still inter
polates a- hop, skip and jump in her dance
because "Mr. Marion said she could."
This, the members of the company sav
was but* one of numerous instances of
Marion's interest In Miss Benner. When
the company reached this city Sam be
thought him of his brother Dave, known
to patrons of the Midway and various
cub-sidewalk Joke foundries. Dave
could take Powers' part very nicely ana
there would be no man as rival to con-
against. Marion Bought Harry J
Riddings. the business manager of the
company, and Treasurer Louis Blumen-
S L P !n ,. a nd it was arranged that Dave
should go with the actors.
seen last night Mr. Blumensteln
lirl'fel' !, h ave discharged Powers.: Mr.
Marion wished his brother to be a mem
i/J? f . the c ?nipany and I had about de
?,* m * k « a change anyway.'! All
of which shows that the course of true
!?nl e « may P e made exceedingly smooth,- If
™lii r^SJ"" ?f robat i! c S omedIan an<a can
f. m i!«Jt rom a three-sheet poster in an en
h£1 7r nt i»i o i f . ? lstors McCoy. Mean
time the Rlalto Is agog over-lts new ac
cession and Powers is wondering whether
* not berorr.c in verv truth "a
Ftrangrr in New Tork." '
Berwln & Gassner, the manufacturingf
furriers, : have the most : modern 1 store I In
the West. Their styles : are ntrlctly up ; to
date, every garment they, carry. Is of their
own manufacture., the. quality and work
manship are of the best. This naturally,
brlncrsthem to the front as the leading
furriers -on the Pacific Coast. , Their >'re
liowned $125 sealskin jacket speaks;for"it
selt at 110 Kearny»street. - ¦- •
Furs Which Interest the\ Ladies.
An Astronomical Lecture.
The Academy of Sciences ; was well rep
resented last night at ; a lecture ' given by
New Ladies* Fur Jackets.
A very handsome Jacket in ; astrakhan,
electric and Baltic seal, well lined, la on
Kearn 1 ' S 0trelt at BerWln & . G&S8U *? B > J 10
ADAM MANTEL of Chihuahua.
Mexico, has journeyed all the
way from the Southern republic
to straighten out a matrimonial
tangle into which he got himself
about two years ago and incidentally
take rev.enge on his mother-in-law and
Bister-in-law, whom he Is about to sue
for alienating .his wife's affections. Be
sides, he demands the- return of his pres
ents and money advanced for the support
of the wife who practically deserted him,
he Bays, on their wedding day.
Mantel is a traveling salesman for the
Chihuahua Brewing. Company and occa
sionally makes visits to this coast. . On
one of these occasions, about three years
ago, his attention was attracted to an ad
vertisement In a morning paper for a po
sition as governess, housekeeper or some
thing of this kind, signed "M. B:," Fruit
vale, Cal. Mantel answered the advertise
ment and a long correspondence followed.
One of the earliest letters received by
Mantel, hut without date, is as follows:
FRTJITVAI^E, Alapeda County. *
H»ar Mr. Mantel — Your n»ply of ths loth was
received and I feel sure that you are in earnest
in your wishes for a wife. I will be glad to
reVelve your photo, and any information re
garding your occupation, nationality, and in
fact anything that concerns yourself; especially
state whether you are a widower or bachelor;
if former, if you have any children; also your
age.
For myself, I am a youns lady of 19, tall,
demi-blonde. strong, healthy, of an even tem-
I«?rament. If your answer 1b satisfactory and
SAYS HIS BRIDE REFUSES
ABSOLUTELY TO LIVE WITH HIM
Man From Mexico Wins Affections of Evelyn Cuthbert by
Mail, But Loses Them Almost Immediately. ;
Perkins Schoolhouse Burned.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 24.— The public
schoolhouse at Perkins Station !n this
?«H, n i y «2S destroyed by- fire to-day/ Tlio
loss is $2000. The cause of the fire is not
known. - — .
Two Insolvencies.
Peter Hanson and John Hanson of San
Jose. Individually and as. copartners, filed
5 P *t eii A er i 1ay a Petition in insolvency in the
United States -District Court. Tfteir
liabilities are $2312 6.V and they have no
assets.
Charles Burckhalter of the Chabot Ob
servatory of Oakland. The lecturer had
a number of fine stereopticon views which
Illustrated the great strides made in solar
photography. His remarks on past eclipses
and the eclipse expected In May next
were listened -to with great Interest.
Its Popularity Necessitated the
Opening' of the Ladies' Grill.
The supper room at the Palace, which
was opened for its second season two
weeks ago. has contributed in no small
degree to the entertainment and conven
ience of those who have attended the
opera, and who enjoy refreshments at the
close of an evening spent at the theater.
The service is identical with that which
has made the grill rooms famous, and the
concerts each evening- are worthy of spe
cial mention. Theater-jjoers do not hesi
tate to show their appreciation of the
efforts made to provide for their com
fort, for the patronage has reached such
proportions that it has been found neces
sary to operate the ladies' grill. In con
junction, with the supper room. And this
is as It should be, for no institution
in Ban Francisco has done more to min
ister to the comfort of patrons than the
Palace.
THE PAXACE STTPPER-ROOM.
THE SAN CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, l»ub.
30
75 pieces NEW PLAIDS, In bright colorings, small an!
medium patterns. Theu are In Cheviot, Granite and
Camel's-Halr' effects.
Price. 5Bc Yard.
2 cases of our Celebrated 54-INCH SCOTCH HOMESPUNS,
In Grau, Blue and Brown Mixtures, always sold for
SI per yard.
Price- Now 75c Yard.
58-INCH SCOTCHCHEVIOT SUITING, ten different color-
ings, all small hair-line strlpas, have Deen sold at
Si. 25 per uard.
Price flow 60c Yard,
1 case FRENCH WOOL CREPE de CHENE AND SILK
Samples of above goods forwarded free
to anu address.
Price Sl.00 Yard.
AND WOOL LANSD0WNE, In all the new pastel
colorings.
_ * '.
and remodeled, is now open for inspection. With
fresh goods at proper prices, the best assortment
of Toys and Dolls and Games to be seen on the
coast, and with better facilities for handling our
trade, we feel confident we can make your visit
to us pleasant and profitable. The following,
selected at random, will convey a slight idea
of the attractions we have to offer:
OUR NEW TOY DEPARTMENT, enlaraed
Santa Glaus Headquarters
Now Open!
tj. v y^ |^3L.i_»mjpfc 1 Irf.n Stove, 4'jx.>, as
l(?V££££*-$'' I-ircn- and mor« elabo-
GT*<£!£3%Zl~~3* rate- ones at ;;:¦¦ 4 ->c
75c. aSc. Jl 50 to J4 CO.
¦ • 1 tl fit rTw Ir."n tra!n of care, ii
Inches long, 2Se.
ISO") <:hatt*rbox, 75c.
Handsome Christmas Tree Ornaments, 5
for 5c.
A beautiful an<J complete line of Xmas
Cards and Calendars'.
Children's Red Painted Chairs
or Rockers (as cut). SZjc. f~~7^}
Children's Red Painted Wood fkWt
Carts, with Ions: landless 10c. V\\^
15C, 2oc. , t*"^.
Handsome Hair Doss on Ss>?=»^
wheels, "5c. 50c. 75c and tl 00.
Our 2Ec, 50c and $1 00 dressed ai
dn.lls are particularly eood values.
Our nne line of dressed and undressed
do lli are superior In style and flnlf h to any-
thlnz seen In the West.
Office or Waste Baskets, as cut,
B0 other styles, elegant j n <!*¦- T>*1Sw
Fign end finish, "c, 4Tc, " r *c. 75c <J^s3|
Klegant Booklets <a. larire v»-
rlety). JOc, 15c. 25c. 05c and 50c. AKeig*
Gamf ot Parlor Golf, 3-rt. fold- *^&|]MJL
ing beard, l«&c.
ja^ r>oll Ca.be and <To
£3-^ Carts, the best and
_1nuffiw*l. me*: complete line at
**jf'.'-rf t-*^ the loTvest possible
% Finely Trove email
candy baskets with
cover. 6 for 25c.
l*rrer flzes 'various
etyles). 10c. 15c. 25c
S00 Title*. Jrory fin-'
lshed cloth bound
books, suitable for
dfl or yomr.g. by prominent authors, 22c
e&c2i.
S-pleee Gerflen Set«, 10e, 15c, 2Sc, SSc and
EOc
Bed Painted "WheeJbar-
rotre, 2!> inches long. 4k- w ?'\mm—
Flancy Painted Rockier 1 ¦'
Horee, SSc
Battleship, IS Inches Ion*, 25c
Larjer onee, SSc, EOc, 75c, tl 00.
2, Children's Solid Oak Writing
t« V DfekB as cut. Jl 47.
A\ j\ Many other styles In Oak, Sla-
[^5. liocany and White Enamel
Vy^^T *™m Jl 50 to J7 60.
V-f iyy Oame of. Tr:m Over (verj' popu-
Jfl ~fi.% lar), 76c.
4 a '°° varieties board, cloth and
" card earaea, Kc each.
r ¦>
818-820 Market St., San Francisco,
Send In Your N am «» for Our.New Christmas Catalog.
Linen Warp, Jointless, 20c and 22k. | * 2
ART CARPET SHOP, 228
MATTINGS, Fine Carpet Patterns, "7 1
Linen Warp. Jointless. 20c and 22k. I / lS^
SMYRNA RUGS— REVERSIBLE.
72x36 .^4.:iO 60x17 S2.35
Long Fleeced Fur and Angcra Rugs.
7Ix3« 52.10
JAPANESE RUGS
At Half or Mort Below Actual Worth.
S6xl8 7Se 72x36 !?i.\20
€0x30 $1.7." 7 ft x 4 ft 3.4O
KENSI\GF N! ART RUGS.
9 ft x 7H ft f3.."iO 12 ft x 9 ft )*(>.}?«»
ROYAL WILTON RUGS. 1
f«g*-~ ?».«2 *5.«O '
**«£« 3.«O 12 ft 1 9 ft 37.5O;
BOSTON' FI3RE RUGS.
Beautiful and Durable.
StrZS 4!Se 60x27 82.1O
TSxSC 3 <S5
4 1 1 x r ft. worth $7. at 4.UO
* ft x « rt. worth $3, at 4.7O
3S 1 1 X 8 ft. trcrth $14, at 9.45
AXMNSTER RUGS.
«?a£7 92.IO 70xSS 94.3O
SELLING QUT!
ONE GREAT BIG
ELEGANT JAPANESE RUG-21 feet lomr fay
18 feet wide; dark blue ground; worth $7.vOo: will bs
cleared out at $:57.OO
THE
BLACK GOODS
HOUSE.
In addition to the large busi-
ness done in FINE TAI' OR
?UITS, COSTUMES, SKIRTS,
WAI"TS, etc.. we make a
specialty of
MOURNING
Above Ready to Wear.
OUTFITS.
MOURNiNG SUIT (Skirt and WalsfJ
......$6.50
MOURNING SUIT (Skirt and Waist)
..$8.50
MOURNING TAILOR SUIT... 512.50
MQURHIN6 TAILOR SUIT.. -$15.00
Ths Largest Assortment of Fins
Dress Skirts in tiie City.
R, T. KENNEDY COMPANY,
1106 Market Street.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 473.
Trapper's Oil cMren rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. EOe flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay.'
SPECIAL SALE,
Christmas
Eye-Glasses
Purchased from us will be exchanged to fit
after the holidays, of charge.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory et
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Maia 10.
ohl Market 5t. instruments
vnoift cxxoncLZ. builoimo. CaTALCGUJ ?Kl.
Upholstered
Furniture.
25 Per Cent
Discount.
Parlor Suits, Odd Chairs,
Morris Chairs, Rockers, etc.
CBAS.M.PLDM&CO.
ji»T. GERMAIN
BICLIA/tO COMPANY,
409 Market Street,
— — »SAN FRANCISCO.— '—
Manufacturers of
Standard Billiard and Pool Tah1 M
La«r and Steam Befr Pump, '
BAJA •'CALIFORNIA'
Oamiana^itters
* S tot a^^^™KATIV E ; IN VIGOHA-
nnnClilTO " OR barbkrs.bak-
KKII^flPjO ers. bootblacks, bath-
UllUW**** 1 ' house?. biUiard tables,
brewers.- bookbinders, ca mi y- makers, caaners.
dyers. flourmUls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hanger* printers, painters, shoe factortea. sta-
blemen. tar-roofer«. tanners, tailors, «te.
KUC.A A> BROii..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St«
DR.MCNULTY.
H'niS W'ErX-KNOWX ASD RKLIA ELE OLD
I 8Decialt.«c«rr» B>ood Poison, uonorrUcea.Gieei,
Stricture, Nriniiial Weakness. lnipou>ne« and tbelr
allied Disorders. Hoc* on Diseases of Men, fre*.
Over20yeart>xp*r<eiice. Terms reasonable. Hours.
9to3cU!lr ;«:••» to3.3Cev'K*. SnndRTs. 10 tf> 12. c^nsnl-
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOK MfXULTY, 31. D.
20}» KearnySU »an Fran^iwco. CaL
III. 113, 115. Ii7. 119. 12! POST STREET.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
200 pairs Extra Qualitu WHITE BLANKETS, weight full
five pounds, made bu the Golden Gate Mills,
Price $4.50 Pair.
||| ONE GREAT BIO
S^jgBiBgBgggggB^ iS feet wide; dark blue ground; worth $7.voo: wil
A coincidence
in music
I By strange coincidence the
theaters are entertaining us at
present with "Witmark Music"
— music published bv the well-
known publishing company of
M. Witmark & Sons. New
York.
"The Singing Girl" and
"The Fortune Teller." to be
eung: by Alice Nielsen and
Company next week at the Co- ;
lumbia, are published by Wit-
mark; likewise "The Ameer."
which has been produced by
Frank Daniels at the Colum- \
bia; also "The Jollv Mus-
keteer," now beine played a{
the Tivoli; and further-
more, Mr. Julius P. Witmark,
son of M. Witmark, who is
the founder of the firm, will to-
night begin an ens^Rement at .
the Orpheum, sinjrins: some
very recent popular songs,
just brought out by Witmark
& Co. — "The Great Beyond,"
"The One I Love." "Since
Then There's Been No Light
About the Place (The Taller
Dip," "My Blushin' Rosie."
ietc.
As usual Sherman. Clay &
Co. are supplied with a most
complete stock of these latest
productions, and by reason of
the complete assortment, intel-
ligent service and half-prices,-
your purchasing can be done
quickly and easily.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
*5tc!nv>ay Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearsy and Butter tti., 8. F.
Cor. 18th and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Park & Washington. Portland.
711 Second avenue. Seattle.
Hf NEW WINTER JACKETS
. ¦»¦ [ 5/ ? !^5^< : 5S^5? i 5Jt>» Another. larg-e shipment of .fine -winter ;B
¦ - , jackets T just received— to-morrow you ~9
''• ¦> ¦' -"can select from 'a greater, variety .'than.' la
;: • \&7 "J/ ever-they are cut, both! with fly. front w
: ~^J ' and ; double breasted— made from the fl
: - best American . kersey doth" in ' black, J^
t Ld^^C^i^lt^ tan,* blue or castor — sizes from S2 to 42 JH
E Xay^\^**?V * —styles as per cut above. 3§
¦^r\-'^^^K \V S10.00 each. ' S
f 7^ It )\ CHILDREN'S COATS and DRESSES m
&J /• H ¦ill! i J~ A! O ne entlre ¦ e P artm ent^^^ devoted 'to CTffi
/w 1^ itL^ ! ///__iScy "* a -children's cold weather, garments-^-box «y
m .;/ >/•¦' ¦iU'^^^^Wl^' coat , s ln ¦ pr^ tty . 8h ades of tan, ; from $5 4
J : N«^5^3r^ Pretty,, little woolen 1 dresses, neatly 3
ffi A^^^\°i I 1 ' ¦ ._ trtmmed » ifrom $4.60 to.. .....$10.00 each «
« 3L Children's long ¦- : box : coats— ages 1.2 Iff
M/l V--"^T . and 3, Un; an 'endless variety of styles ffiL
&R \ , |! '., and prices which will prove interesting rflg
yHJ " to mothers. VbB
§ SPECIAL! it
Mr . Just received, in all; sixes, a largre assort- x«'"
ft mentof straight-front milUnery, corsets, which 5 will be " vj
, y placed on sale to-morrow at .....;.-:..;...... 91,00 pair Pi
THE GREAT SPECIAL
BARGAIN OF THE WEEK.
Combination Book Cases. In b«*nttttxl
golden oak. from HS up. Really woa»
derful values.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc. .
1 0 1 7-1 023 MISSION STREET
. Phone South 14. Above 6th. San Francisco.
NOTHING "FREE."
Electric KSK^ . S 2l33$ d- •¦IUII
If iWrtFwS
S>ells * l i N — 3j~ lit ni or
on its MERITS ! Dr. Pierce's BELT.
Sold for CASH only, but at a REASON-
ABLE PRICE. This Belt cures WIIHOOT
DRUGS. Call at offlc» or ser.d a 2-cen:
¦tamp for new "BOOKLET No. 2. 1 ' Ad-
dre *PIBRCE ELECTRIC CO.,
U43 BROADWAY, - flEW YORK.
Or C2O Market St.. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Photo by Bushnell.
FIRST REGIMENT ADJUTANT,
M WHO HAS TENDERED I HIS
RESIGNATION.
G at Alameda. Next Tuesday he will In
spect Company B at Santa Rosa, H at
Napa "Wednesday and I at Ldvermore Fri
day. The inspecting . officer was : accom
panied, by Captain D. A. Smith, regimen
tal adjutant of the Fifth Infantry. TTje
companies made a ' good showing at mus
ter and inspection. Company . A - had 55
men, 1 absent: B 44 men. 11 absent; C 48
men, 11 absent; D 61 men,* 3 absent; F 44
men, IS absent,'andJG/48,men," 3 "absent.
The men had evidently- been advised ; " of
the criticisms made as to the appearance
of the First; for all were particularly peat
In appearance.' v •
MAZATLAN JOSE STOWS
HIMSELF ABO ARD SHIP
Clandestinely- Takes Passage for Caps
Nome, San Francisco . County, • • ¦'.¦
. and Is Disappointed.
Jose Gomez, a nineteen-year-old lad
from Mazatlan. Mexico,' was reported to*
the. immigration^, officials at this port by
the ; officers of 'the steamship San Juan
as a stowaway, v Jose Is a carpenter's ap
prentice and lived with his parents at
Mazatlan. ! He heard that Cape Nome was
in the viclnlty^of, the Cliff House at San
Francisco; and he stowed" himself away in
the steerage of : the • San Juan, , expecting
to gather a* sack of : gold here and take it'
back to- his parents . as ' a delightful sur
prise. -. ¦.": ; ... . ' ..-„__.;.;.
i He :1s -now -.locked, up ln;the, detention
shed- at the : Mall dock with the • • Chinese'
Immigrants,' . awaiting; the sailing of ¦ the'
next . steamer for Mazatlan' and i his * father
is preparing for him a delightful surprise
Music in the Park-
Weather pr-rmitting, the Park Band will
render the following to-day:
Overture, "Raymond" Thomas
Intermezro from "Manon I>?seant" Puccini
fVlection. "Wizard of the Xlle" Herbert
"Serenade" ...MoekowBkl
"Shepherd's Ufe In the Alps" ( descriptive).. .
_ • > Kllng
Roene* from "I I*5tnber<U" /.. Verdi
Cornet solo. "Lc« Idea. Jt Von Weber."
theme and variation* Hartmaa
N Performed by C. D. Rosebrnok.
Walt*. "Temptation" Bolognest
Intermezzo. '"Salome" Loraine
March, "The Mick That Threw the Brick"...
•¦• • - I-awIor
Native Sons of the Empire State Hold
First Anniversary of
Society. •
NEW YORK CLUB ENJOYS
BANQUET AT OCCEDENTAIi
The Native Sons of the Empire Stato
banqueted at the Occidental last evening.
The club was organized a year ago and
was the result of the coming here of the
New York regiment during the war. Th»
dining hall was brilliantly illuminated and
a fine menu was served. Colonel C. Mason
Klnne presided and toasts were given by-
Colonel W. B. Smedberg. who spoke on
"The United States of America": Colonel
H. P. Bush, whose subject was "The Statd
of New York"; Asa R. -Wells, who talked
about "The State of California," and
General W. II. Ij. Barnes, who gave a.
brief review of the club's organization.
The following members were present:
William Alrord. II. C. Ahj>el. XV. J. Adams.
H. P. Bush. F. A. Baldwin. \V. H. L.' Barnes.
O. D. Baldwin. L. H. Bonestell. J. Bruckman,
E. D. Berri. J. H. Barry. C\ A. Bantel. I.
Burns. XV. E. Bnell. Q. «. Cran.lall. J. Den
man. XV. S. Puncombe. P. F. Pumion. \T. l W.
Dodge. J. F. Dljjnan. John A. Ellert. II. Elck
hoff. P. I. Fisher. J. Fay. O. S. Graham. J.
H. Gates, t* H. Greenhood. A. H. Greenebaum.
E. M. Greene, S. S. Green. F. F. Jones. V>\ E.
Joslyn, C. Mason Klnne. J. Kip. J. M. Klein,
G. H. Kahn. H. Kahn. TV. D. Lntnam. I* \V.
I^>vey. William McMann. J. P. Meehan. J. X.
Mueh. J. I. Manson. J. McClure. D. E. Mile*,
E. A. McCarthy. William Mac.lonaM. C. VS.
Moulthrop. J. B. Mclntyre. C. M. XtchoK J.
O'Keeffe. A. II. Phelps. T. H. Rooney, E. B.
Reafl. William R. Smedberg. O. V7. Rlchel. F.
Sperlinsr. M, J. SahMn. F. E. Smith. G«orR-»»
Stone. XV. W. Ptone-. O. H. Smyth. W. J.
Tuska, T. <J. Taylor. C. E. Thomas. J. P. Tuo
hey, A. B. Truman. E. J. Vojjel. Asa R. Wells.
XV. M. Well, G. M. Wllleox. XV. H. McXaugh
tcn. m
'TIS WELL TO REMEMBER
How We Buy and Ssll Hugs.
We're a mill house and only pay ono
profit, and that to the mill. Ordinary
dealers are not on the same footing with
us. We are selling more rugs to-day than
all other San Francisco dealers combined.
We're saving many persons many dollars:
will do the same by you— rugs from 49u
to }6O.0O. Art Carpet Shop, 22S Powell
street. . • •
Sidewalks for Precita Vallsy.
The Preclta Valley Improvement Club
has petitioned the Board of Public TCorkd
for • sidewalks along Army street from,
Alabama to San Brtino avenue. The side
walks along Army street from San Bruno
to Kentucky have become so choked up
with sand and other debris that men who
travel over that thoroughfare are com
pelled to walk in the mlddlo of tho road
way.
"Freedom of • thought and speech has
Its limitations,** said Professor Bacon",
"and this freedom can be limited only by
a man's Intelligence and" a man's moral
sensg.. When a man stands as a part of
a! corporate body, the limitations on his
speech come from something outside of
himself and unless they are obeyed chaos
¦will surely follow.' i
"I think the public in general is very ill
Informed in - 1 his matter at Stanford. • I
know I was up to thirty-six hours ago. It
Is a case where judgement should be sus
pended until tho whole truth is known. '
"Academic freedom is not such a simple
matter as . the newspapers assume. They
seemto take it for granted that a. man
who-holds a position In a university has
a right to say anything, under the sun he
Professor Thomas R. Bacon of the Uni
versity of California declared himself op
posed to unlimited freedom of speech by
a college professor, at the annual banquet
of the Yale alumni of California at the
Palace Hotel last evening.
chooses. Such an assumption Is prepos
terous. Every university has a govern
ing board and a president and with them
rests the filial responsibility." To sav that
a professor may teach anything he be
lieves to be true and that tho governinc
board must stand by and submit to his
declarations Is simply- absurd.
"Suppose a mathematician, well versed
In his department, should go into one of
our leading colleges and proceed to teach
the students that two and two make five.
Would the president or the governing
board let him go on unmolested? Well I
guess not. The same principle can be ap
plied to the Ross case. I believe in liberal
thought and liberal speech, but there Is
such a thins as overstepping one's
bounds. -
The banquet 'was attended by about
forty Yale men. Professor E. B. Clapp of
Berkeley acted as toastmaster and
among those who spoke were Eugene V
Baker of Los Angeles, president of the
1 ale alumni of Southern California. Cap
tain Murphy of the '92 baseball team. Dr
Mannahan and Mr. Knight.
Serve for the Next Six
Months.
The election of officers for the ensuing
term in the many fratrrnal organizations
of this city is now on and will continue
until the^cloce of the year.
Excelsior Circle of the Companions or th*
ToTTft of Am*»rloa has *lect<wl the following
named for the rneulnit term: Mrs. tt. E. Smith,
chief companion; Miss Stella Smith, sub-chief
companion ; Mrs. Lena Humbert, financial nec
retary- Mrs. Carrt* Stuhr. treasurer: Mr*. X«»t
tl» Howell recording secretary: Miss H. Bo
rymstead. right guide: Mrs. J. R. Simpton, left
cuiae- Mrs. A. M. Harbour, inner guard: Mrs.
M Schumacher, outer guard: Mrs. J. Wtshman
and M LArsen. tru*te«*; Mrs. N. Howell, or
«rani*t. and J. Soboslay. physician.
Loreley Circle of th«* Companion* of the For
*rt of America, ha* «lected Mrs. II. Munk. C.
<- • Mrs M BurKh. S. C. C: Mrs. Antoinette
6'raff F" and It. 8-; Mrs. M. Pape. T. : Miss
M™ tha Pape, R. O.: Mi«a C. Munk, L,. O. :
Henrv Vicolal I. <5-: Mm. R. Ebner. O. O. ;
Mrs Miller. Mrs. Rehoolt and U. Munk. trus
tee* ; Dr. SoboJay. phveician.
Martha. Washington Circle of the Companions
nt the Fore*t of America ha« elected May
Raphael. C C: Jessie Bchweitxer, S. C. C;
FrSJertck Pethlefi^n. T.: A. I^r. T. *¦: Matt
Brady R. B.: MJm E. Kragen. R. G.: Charles
Ldcht. 1< G.; Bertha Goodman. I. G.; A. An
thony. O. O.: Dr. H. Laidlaw, physician: Miss
Catherine Cruder, trustee; Miss Florence Licht,
rT CaUforn!a Clrcl* of the "Women of "Woodcraft
ha« chosen the following named a« It* officers
for tha ensuing term: Mrs. I/twie Eetees,
f-uardlan neighbor; Anna. M. Corves, lieutenant
Rfliisor: M»e Welnert, magician; Edna Reed,
clerk; Nelli* McCann, banker; Elvira Bunner,
attendant: Moll'.e Kaufman, J. C. "Welch and
Mr*. G. w. Baltic managers for eighteen,
twelv* and *lx months, respectively; Miss Dela
meter. captain of the guard; Josl# Sta.yart.in-
Fi<ie *»nt!nel: O. A. Giles, outside sentinel;
Permeiia A. Ross, musician.
Those Who Hare Been Chosen to
FRATERNAL ELZCTIQirS
FOB. THE E2TSTJTNG TERM
Declares Freedom of TlhoHglht and
Speech Has LI m Stations,
PROFESSOR BACON DISCUSSES
ROSS INCIDENT AT A BANQUET
Foster Father, Israel P.
Russell.
Mrs. Fern Thomas . of 277 Dore street
appeared yesterday at the "Coroner's in
quest on the body of Israel P. Russell,
who was found in the bay a few days ago.
Mrs. Thomas identified the dead man by
the peculiar shape of the spectacles found
in his pocket and by the clothing. She
testified that he .was her foster father, a
stonemason by occupation, a native of
Scotland and 77 years old, and. that sev
eral days before he dlsapi>eared he had
threatened to kill himself.
.The jury returned a verdict, that Rus
sell, committed sufcide while laboring un
der aberration of mind brought on by oid
a Eo- > . . '
-Death and mysterious . disappearances
seem to be haunting Mrs. ' Fern Thomas.
About a year ago an abscess was cut, out
of her head, and shortly after the opera
tion she called at the City Receiving Hos
pital to report the disappearance of her
niece. A few days later she returned with
the information that she. had found her
niece dead in San Jose. Less'than a week
ago she Informed Captain Splllane that
her husband had left her house/taking
their little boy away with him, and 'that
she had received a » note from her hus
band saying that his body and that of
the boy would be found In the. bay.. She
afterward called at the Morgue and told
the same story. V.
Mrs. Thomas appeared in mourning yes
terday, and said that she .had : .Just re
ceived a message from . England • inform
ing her of tho death . of her foster
mother, Mrs. Russell, wife, of Israel' P
Russell. : '....... ' \
Mrs. Thomas is in destitute circum
stances. • ' ¦ ..:.;¦••->,_¦'. ;;
She Identifies aDrowned Man as Her
MRS. FERN THOMAS IS
HAUNTED BY DEATH
CAPTAIN A. J. KELLEHER RESIGNS
COMMISSION IN NATIONAL GUARD
Adjutant of First Regiment Will
Retire to Private Life-
; p^yy^HE question that is now agitating
I the -members of the National
I Guard in this city Is what kind ol
1L a defense Captain Nippert of Com
pany F, First Infantry, will make
! to the charge of having made a false pa
rade report. It is said that he will plead
i In extenuation of his action precedent in
the First Regiment of Infantry, and he
has expressed the belief that he has not
been guilty of anything wrong. If the
chexge that has been preferred against
him by Major Margo is sustained by the
j court-martial there Is no alternative pun
! ishment; it Is dishonorable discharge from
: the service of the State.
The captain was given an opportunity
to resign from the command of his com
pany before the charges were preferred,
, but ho declined to act upon the sugges
tion. It was generally understood that
Major Charles L. Tilden was to appear as
counsel for the accused, but the major
asserts that he Is not and will not be in
the case.
Captain Alfred J. Kelleher, adjutant of
the First Regiment, has tendered his res
ignation, which will take effect about the
time that Colonel O'Nell assumes com
mand of the regiment. The captain en
tered the National Guard as a private In
Battery B, Second Artillery. March 13.
1SS0. and has been In the guard continu
ously since, except while serving as regi
mental adjutant of the First California
Volunteers in the Philippines. H© was
made lieutenant of Ught Battery D. and
'In December, 1S01, was promoted captain
and adjutant of the Second Artillery. In
December, 1836, he was transferred to the
First Infantry as regimental adjutant.
The captain la a pleasant, affable gentle
man, a conscientious officer, and during
his connection with the guard. made many
friends who regret that he has decided to
lay down his sword and retire to private
life.
During the past week Major Margo. In
spector Second Brigade, Inspected com
panies of the Fifth Infantry— Company A
et Oakland; B at San Jose. C : at Peta
luma. D at San Rafael,^F" at Oakland and
"With its advantages \>f time and but two changes, one at Xew
York and one at San Francisco, as against the four of the P. and O.
line at Dover. Calais, Brindisl and Port Said, and the torrid trip
through the Red Sea, the new line can well expect not only all the
New Zealand travel, but the greater part of that to and from East
ern Australia as well. This is already to an extent well assured.
The' Mariposa went out full, with over sixty passengers who had
just got in from England besides the earlier arrivals from there..
The Sierra is booked full for her sailing December 12,' the Sonoma
nearly eighty for January 2, and the Ventura is fast filling up for
January > 23. Many of these passengers are tourists who have been
attracted by the advantages of the new line and make a stay to visit
the wonders of California.
The Mariposa, though not so speedy as the steamships which will
follow her, is expected to make the trip on schedule time, and on her
return will drop out and leave the service to the Sierra, Sonoma and
Ventura. The first named, which was delayed In. leaving Philadel
phia for her long trip around the Horn to this port, will leave here
on Wednesday, December 12, and will be followed by the Sonoma and
Ventura at Intervals of three weeks. These three vessels, which were
bui;t on the order of .the Oceanic Steamship Company especially for
this service, are not" only as speedy, but equal In conveniences and
equipment to anything afloat. They are twin screw vessels, 6000 tons
each, with double bottoms of the cellular system, and have electric
and refrigerating plants. 'They are expected after a while to better
the present schedule time by at least two days and make the run be
tween San Francisco and Auckland In something less than seventeen
days,' which will put the London mail in Auckland In twenty-four
days.
days and to Sydney by nearly a week. For Instance, tfca Mariposa.
which makes the Initial trip of the new service (in the place of the
Sierra, delayed) left here on the 22nd inst. at 9:15 p. m., carrying the
mall which left London at the close of business on Saturday, Novem
ber 10, and Is to make Auckland Monday morning, December 10, and
Sydney Thursday morning, December 13, -whereas the P. and O.
steamship' Victoria, -which left London on November 1, taking up at
Port Said on November 13 the last mail and passengers that left Lon
don on November 9 and Brindisl on November 11, will only arrive at
Sydney on December 15, two days later than the Mariposa, and her
pa&sengers and mail for Auckland will only reach there on the 20th. a
week- later than those who left London a Jay later by the San Fran
cisco route.
Oceanic Company's New Service to Auckland and Sydney Far
Ahead of the Peninsular and Oriental Route
as a . Time-Saver.
The departure of the Oceanic Steamship Company's steamship
Mariposa on evening for Auckland, N. Z.. and Sydney.
Australia, marked the beginning of a new era of quick and more
convenient mail and passenger service to those far off lands, as well
as an Increase In the business of San Francisco. Before the inaugu
ration of the new arrangement the service from this port was
handled by the two steamships Mariposa and Alameda, of the Oceanic
Steamship Company, and the. Moana of the Union Company of New
Zealand, leaving, here on Tuesday once a month and making the run
to Auckland in twenty-one days and to Sydney in twenty-five days.
In point of time this linecould not compete with the Peninsular
and Oriental Steamship Company for the through business from
/London to Sydney, and just about held its own with it to Auckland.
Now the situation has been greatly changed. The old service has
been discontinued, and a new and quicker one instituted, which will
beat the P. and O. service from London to Auckland by some ten
ADVENT OF NEW STEAMSHIPS WILL INAUGURATE
A STEW EBA IN ATTSTBJLLASIAN TRAVEL
to the comfort of the humbleat that may travel on. this palatial liner.
It would take columns to Rive an adequate description of the ves
sel, but the chances are that before- sailing day she will be thrown
open to the public, and then everybody can see what a beautiful ship
she is. The middle-deck saloon and berths. are finished in red plush,
while the upper saloon is in erreen. .The smoking-room to the rear of
the. upper deck is done in antique. upholstered In russet leather. In
every detail there is a tendency, to .the luxurious;. and.' in no Instance
does the decoration prove, inharmonious.. '.... ._ ¦ , .;' ¦; •. -' „,
The Sierra is 6000 tons pross burden and- her engines will develop
8000 horsepower. She is 425 feet long and 62 feet beam. Her officers
are: H. C. Houdlette, captain: K. C.Walton Jr.. purser; XV. H. Nel
man. chief engineer: W. N. Ilannigan, chief steward, and Dr. M.
Soule, who looked after the health of all aboard.' His duties were
light, as all hands and the cook enjoyed the best of health during the
entire run. • ¦
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's new steamship Sierra ar
rived from Philadelphia yesterday morning 1 . She made the run
In record-breaking time and came into port looking the ocean
.greyhound that she is.
On December 12 the Sierra will go on the Australian run,
replacing the Alameda, and from that on a steamer will leave this
port ever}' three weeks for Hawaii. Samoa. Xew Zealand and Austra
lia, instead of one a month as heretofore.
The official report of the trip of the Sierra from the Atlantic to
the Pacific is as follows:
I>eft Philadelphia October 11. 1900. Parsed Cape Henlopfn 4:30 p. m.. Octo
*w II. Had strong head winds to Capo Virgin, with high sea. Arrived oft
Capo Virgin November 1, 5rS0 p. m. D«tatne<J^-«fI Cape Virgin 13 hours 17
minutes. Steaming time from Cape Virgin _',>r-Cape Pillar through Magellan
Straits, 22 hours £5 minutes. Detained tZ 1 iianiy Point 14 hours. Lsft Sandy
Point Xovfmber 3, 4 a. m., an-1 passed Cape . Pillar 5:40 p. m. Arrived off
Coronel November 7. 2 a. m. Detained at Coronel 1 day 16 hours 52 minutes.
Left Coronel November 8. From Cape Pillar to Coronel had a gale of head
wind and high sea. From Coronel to San Francisco had fine weather. Total
detention 2 days 22 hours 10 minutes. Total steaming time, 39 days 16 hours
from Cape Henlopen to San Francisco.
The Sierra thus breaks the record held by the Alameda for many
a year. Captain H. C. Houdlette, who brought the new flyer out,
Bays «he is the best sea boat he ever set foot on, while Chief Engineer
ICleman 6ays she is as easy to handle as a yacht.
"From the time we left Philadelphia," said Nieman yesterday,
"we have never been under full steam, but nevertheless she ran along
at a 12 and 13 knot gait as though nothing was the matter. When It
comes to making mail time I think she can easily do the run to Ho
nolulu in five days when asked. I have been at sea a few years my
self, and I never saw a prettier set of engines In a ship all my life
-than those that drive the Sierra. They work like a clock and when
called upon will make the Sierra show her heels to anything on the
coast."
There were crowds down to see the new. steamship yesterday. Her
cabins and staterooms were inspected and everything in the shape of
furnishing was pronounced good. In the second cabin the accommo
dations are equal to anything in the "first class" on the coast steam
fchips. Everywhere there are electric fans, and there are plenty of
bathrooms aboard. Hot and cold water is distributed from one end of
the ship to the other, and the electric lisht system Is perfect.
There are three kitchens, one each for the second cabin, steerage
and the saloon. In fact, nothing has been overlooked that will tend
THE PALATIAL NEW STEAMSHIP SIERRA, FIRST OF THE OCEANIC COMPANY'S NEW FLEET THAT WILL INAUGURATE AFAST
MAIL SERVICE BETWEEN HERE AND AUSTRALASIA. ' i I ",
New' Liner of the Oceanic Steamship Company Comes Into
Port, Completing Splendid
OCEAN GREYHOUND SIERRA BREAKS
ALL RECORDS ON HER WESTWARD RUN
If our entry upon It rloes not infrlnss upon
our present estate then every analogy jI nature
Is violated. That character determines desilny
is practically a first truth. Llvins with refer
ence to the life beyond is the test preparation
for the life of the present. What is tiring for
the future life but pimply Urtos arr^niir.^ t3
the plan of our own being. Thi; law of Mosca
is not artificial, but true to nature. To brine
ones life into conformity to the teachings Ml
the Old Testament as well as of the new li
only to conform to the plan of one's own be
ing. There is not a relation in Vfa that Is
not better served by loyalty ?o GoJ In Juey
as represented by th« Scriptures.
I have no hesitancy in saying that h-5 only
gets the most and the beat out of the iiresent
life who lives with tho most snered reference
to the life to come. An<l there. Is no require
ment of the future which does not th? better
fit u» for living happily, usefully and hlT-jsedly
In our present state.
If there be no final consequences in koepirs
with the character attained here - thin th >
moral government of Cod Is an annmah in th»
whole realm of the universe-. For the t-ach
lngs of religion concerning future punMhment
we find analogies in natural punishments,
many cf which are final to him who incurs
them. Show me one well deflned analogy ir»
nature that does not Justify the Scriptural
theory of future? and eternal punishment in
the moral government of Ood. True, it ta
dreadful, but nature Is full of dreadful thlrgu
as well, and that which has commanded a
consensus of conviction In almost th « wholr*
world of religious thought is certainly entitled
to serious consideration. Ridicule will not re
move th» dreadful facts nor th» pertinent
analogies which confront us.
The necessity cf a deterrent from violations
of law Is universally recosrnized In every realm
of government. The presence of pains ami
penalties as well as of rewards is present
everywhere, unless. Indeed, tho value of moral
government M the exception. "Why not first
try tho experiment of removing penalties a*
a motive to virtus from our civil laws? Let
us se« how the •xDertment will work her* be
fore we try It whew there may b« no oppor
tunity t» -reverse th« experiment If It be un
successful. Conduct from th» highest motives
only ha." been the ideal of theorists for ages,
but It does not appeal to practical life. All
uplift of life begins with the lower motives,
We see this In the government of families and
of society. One trouble in San Francisco to
day is that the conviction ot Inevitable- retri
bution Is allowed to sleep. All reformative
methods fall while this conviction ilombers.
Nothing Is so much needed as a clear, un
mistakable, philosophical presentation from
every pulpit of the ultimate outcome ot Bin, la
the danger of eternal Bin.
This,, in blood-red earnest, with tile «grony
of an awful realization of tho danger of thcs«
about us. presented in iom» of its phases for
the remainder of this year by every rabbi, every
priest, rector, pastor and mission worker woultl
revolutionize San Francisco. No general moral
reformation has come elsewhere or will eomo
here without the ftwakenin? of a great con
viction concernlnj the awful realities of th« .
future. And he who lives for the future most
sincerely lives best in the present.
And that which is so essential to best con
dition of life cannot be false In philosophy.
Among those who were seen yesterday
and who stand for the orthodox belief la
hell Is the Rev. r>r. John A. B. "Wlnalow.
In an interview he spoke a3 follows:
The instinct of immortality is indelibly
stamped upon every life and upr.n every race.
If we are to live somewhere forever th.i con
ditions upon which we enter upon that estate
Is the paramount question of present existence.
It is very convenient and eminently sat
isfactory for men of the world, the dis
putants declare, to brush hell away lis
ridicule, but reason as well as faith im
pels us to a conviction that after death
there must be the reward of good acts
and the punishment of evil ones. Hell 19
no joke, the opponents of the rabbi insist.
and it cannot be annihilated In a meta
phor. The world needs it as a logical, in
evitable conclusion of that part of human
life which breeds misery, misfortune and,
suffering as the consequence of crime.
Rabbi Nieto's sermon denouncing dog-.
matlc religion and pleading for rational
ism In. the field in which faith is supposed
to be supreme has created a storm of
comment. When the young clergyman
declared that "hell's a painted farce" h«
brought the defenders of <*>grmatl3tn la
every faith to their feet. In a series ot
Interviews obtained yesterday the pre
ponderance of opinion was against thn
position taken by Rabbi Nleto. With,
quite as much logic the defenders of tho
good, old fashioned future abode of tho
wicked argued that the rabbi 13 wrong
and, that a theory of reward and punish-*
ment is absolutely necessary to the moral
government of the world.
The Moral Government of ths "World
Must Take Into Consideration, a
System of Rewards and
Punishments.
Ministers Take Issue With
the Rabbi Nieto's
Opinion.
HELL CANNOT BE
SWEPT AWAY ON
LIGHT METAPHOR
For the rest everything went with Its
former grip and finish, and yet another
link Is added to the perfect chain of mem
ories which these artists are weaving for
our pleasure.
And Bippham and Schumann-Heink — the
"female of his kind." as Joaquin Miller.
Whitman-fashion, puts it— they simply
raised the house by the splendor of their
work. Everything human is In Schu
mann-Hplnk's voice — love. hate, the kiss,
f=neer. <rurse. of Ortrud for Klsa. the wo
man's tenderness for Telramund, a mag
nificently vital voice.
It were difficult Indeed to compare the
differing excellencies of Gadskl's and Kor
dfca's conceptions of the Brabantlne prln
wf. Gadski, with the tears and laugh
ter In her voice, her eminent tenderness,
her simple sweetness, was an Klsa lovely
to th« la*t decree. Nordica, with her ab
solute certainty of touch, brilliance. nobl«»
accent, gave another Elsa of equal beauty
—but let us thank the powcrn that be for
both of them and beware, of the odious
comparison.
The *».u<iie/nc<» clone yester<5a.y was an
¦nnforpetable show in itself, a living sea
of faces from the footlights to the lasi
available Inch in the nigger heavenl>
aisles above. The atmosphere was elec
trie with sympathy. As the great waves
at harmony rolled over the footlights and
caught the various loveliness of the or
chestral setting on its all-entrancing
sweep about the house strangers clasped
hands, proud women spoke to their neigh
bors — who might have been — heaven
knows who — and caste <an<5 quarrels. Fins
p.nd troubles, were ail forgot In the magic
alchemy of the wizard Wagner and his
Interpreters.
Tho cast was identical with the first
"T^hengrin" presentation, with the ex
ception of Gadski Instead of Nordica In
the Elfa role, Blass in De Reszke's place
and Dufrlche as substitute for Muhlmann.
Th*» audience record climbs higher and
vet hicher at the Grau grand opera per
formances. "Standing room only" yester
day afternoon it wap, for nothing- short of
a thousand people who came to hear the
magnificent presentation of "LohengTin."
which Mr. Grau has given us once again
to our eternal gratitude. Word has gone
forth that the famous impresario will
<-ome it^ain: that the season's Joyous ex
peri^nc? shall not be a solitary splendid
memory to tell to wondering children as
fairy tales are told. San Francisco has
wakwl up.
To-nig-ht. for the third time. "Tannhau
5*r" wili be given, at popular prices, with
Susan Strong as Elizabeth. , Dlppel as
Tannhauser. Muhlmann as Wolfram, and
Olitzka. Maryli. Bars. Hubbenet. Glli
bert, and Viviani. and Plancon as Her
man, In the cast. s
Mr. Grau i< a-ain "delighted!- Las=t
r.isrht the "Faust" production tavej the
resources O f the Crand Opera-house to Its
utmost capacity. As the season's end ap
proaches the city se.-ms to begin to realize
the riHi enjoyment that lies within Its
grasp ami which 1? slipping, slipping with
the days from it? fingers.
"Faust ' is always popular and last night
held faithfully to its traditional reputa
tion. The principals surpasfed them
selve?. Melba. Melba, the cool little Juliet
of the other <Tvfnlng. sc-emed pjssesse<l.
bewitched, by pome intimate spirit of in
spiration, ttyond oven that of heir first
night"? memorable rendering oj Marguer
ite. Th* "Jewrl Seng" was sfing with a
vivid difference In its interpretation, more
coquetry, spontaneous vanity nnd naive
enjoyment. Tlie "King- of Tliule" seeme<!
«ven more happily incidental, and In the
tragedy, too. v.as a deeper, fuller, mor^ 1 ,
realistic note. Her voice was forsot:en— ;
perhaps vocally the performance was not
50 perfect — but one would not change last
night's for the former rendering ior all
that. It is doubtless the old story of en
vironment. 1 he audience was iher<\
therefore th^ inspiration, such fi-nsitlves
th(-<* artists be: '.
To the full a.< interesting as Me»ba s
comparison with herself of the other
evening wa^ that of De Keszke with Plan
con as *tf«s»histo. and there is hardly a
pin's point to choosy between them. Per
haps Plancon"s devil has more of the sin
ister <*ssp!icf\ the ominous note, and De
Reszke"s a richer sense of the comedy of
the conception, but their Interpretations ¦
are wonderfully alike, and aJlke worthy.
The part was gloriously Fung.
Saleza was in good voice and sang hi?
pood pong of last week, and acted in his
pleasant, graceful fashion. Miss Bauer-
RiPistc r is an admirable little Martha, and
I-ouis Homer was again charmingly heard
as Siebel. Valentine was well handled by
Campanari, and Dufrlche sang the Wag
ner role.
By Blanche Partington
"Lohengrin" Is the Attraction at
Matinee and Gadski Sings Beau
tifully—Packed House at
Both Performances.
Melba Gives New and Ep'.en
did Sxpression to Her
Marguerite.
OPERA "FAUST"
MAGNIFICENTLY
SUNG BY STARS
; M., Glass, of Los Angeles. J. Dougherty
F. Eberson, B.S. Walsh and Ball-broth
ers " t v ' ¦ . ¦
The Past Presidents' Association of the
Native Sons, of the Golden West held a
most enjoyable smoker last night In the
banquet room In Native Sons* Hall. w
P. Johnson acted as master of ceremonies
and had prepared a splendid programme
The star event of the evening was a chaml
pionship contest between heavy-weight
boxers from each side of the slot. The
bout ended with ; honors even. Following
is the list or those who afforded amuse
ment to ; the guests:, .
Evening Spent in Partaking of Be
f reshxnents and Listening to
» " Song and Story.
JOLLY CBOWD ATTENDS
NATIVE SONS' SMOKER
Company C Will Present Operetta.
A delightful entertainment will be given
on' Thanksgiving eve, „¦ Wednesday, No
vember. 28, In- Native- Sons* Hall by.Com
panyC.; League of the Cross Cadets." The
comicV operetta "What , -Happened to
Brown" will be presented by James C.
O'Donnell. the 4 local humorist; and- a num
ber of other well-known ; artists. -.',. Com
pany C is recruited from St. Patrick's, St."
Rose's arid St." Joseph's "parishes, nnd Is
one of the ¦ most prominent ; companies ¦ of
the":League of, the Cross' Oauett.. ii'nas
a 1 large membership, and ,tbe proceeds of
the I entertainment will be devoted >. to ; the
uniform fund.. .The. officers i of the. com
pany ''are:' *Captaln, ; . Philip L-'Bannan:
first -lieutenant, Frank Doherty; second
lieutenant, 'William Qulnn. Messrs. T. H.
Fallon.'P. J.'Lawler and Clifford, of the
executive - -. committee; f >. League of the
Cross, are speclallylnterested.lnthe com
pany. -, ¦'"¦ '.-•.*. _>•-'¦.'••,'.:>--..;, .i'V"'.' ,'¦¦.. -.,~ ¦
At the close ' of : the • entertainment \ on
Wednesday evening: there wlil be dancing
Tickets of admission are 25 cents.
In the shape of a very tough bit of twisted
rawhide.
SA2T FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
Pages 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40
See the display of diamond and pearl brooches
at Rudolph- Berth's, -Jeweler; 141 i PosV'street. '.•.'X3S5. SECOXIJ RACE — Six furlongs; handicap; two-year-olds; purse, $510.
Tlnif-U, :Jl'»: %. MSH: K. 1:1<H. Poor atart. Won flirt three driving. Winner, S. C.
Hildreth's »h. c. by Azra-Kl'Wisie. Peide was very tired at the finish, beariog over against
his stable mate. Age could have won with a stronger boy up. All things considered, Can
rncre ran best ra.ee. He balked when barrier went up and was carried very wide by B«r
notSL Joe Frey had worked great gur.s and can do better. Diderot needs a rest. "Coupled
W.th Seide.
Time — %. :2S; %. :S"i; i! i, 1:16. Oool start. Won first three driving. Winner, BurllnKame
ftock Farm'* ch. g. by imp. Brutus-Fonr.a. Brutal had worked well and outgamed Courtlw.
Wir.ner and Litmus away none too well. Latter i« a wet weather horse. Illusion runs
batter with a t>xnhpick In the saddle.
13S4. FIRST IIACB— Six furlong*; eelllns; maiden two-year-old*; puree, $U0.
X3*O. THIRD RACE— ililo an3 & half; hurdle; three-year-olds and up; purge. 8540.
TlTTin ffTTU Good start. Won all driving. Wiener, W. D. Sink Jr.'s ch. g. by imp. Ches
teriklfl-Jeur.ie I). A loosened bandage retarded the efforts of Rio Chico on backstretch.
Eva Moe, running with her mouth cpen, mutt have been waiting for gome one tt> toss a
biscuit into It- •Fell.
13!«T. FOURTH KACE- One mile; Goodwood Handicap; thrce-year-old« and up; purse, $850
Time— J,i. :£5U; M. 3<Wi: \. U1SH: mile, l:41*i. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
TV. J. .Timings & Co.'s b. c. by Imp. Ft. Andrew-Hot Spring. Winner was best. WoostPr
Boy stayed remarkably w<-ll. i Vulcain fooled >m. Star Chattibcr kicked on stifle while at
T'OFt by winner. Kormero ran In aluminum plates and floundered about. Mortgage haa not
oe*>n doinsr w<H and won't do now. Scratched — Eddie Jones 110, Lavator 105. 'Coupled with
Wooster lioy.
PITTSBURG— "Washington and Jefferson
5. Carlisle Indians 0.
MADISON. Wls.— Wisconsin 27. Ull-
CINCIXNATI— The football game be
tween the Haskell Indians of Lawrence,
Kans., and the University of Cincinnati
was played In a drenching rain and was
too one-sided for any brilliant playing.
Score: Indians 16. Cincinnati 0.
PROVIDENCE, R. I.— Brown 8, Syra-
CT DENVER-The Denver Athletic Club
eleven defeated the Denver "Wheel Club
by a score of 1G to 0.
ANN ARBOR— University ot Michigan
0. Ohio State University 0.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 24.— The football gamo
to-day between the teams of Santa Clara
College and Boone's Academy was won by
the college boys by a score of 5 to 0.
Other Games.
The second half was a killing one for
Captain Daly's men. and It was not long
before they began to give way before the
unprecedented onslaughts of the Yale
men. Burnett had succeeded Lee Just be
fore the first half ended. Shortly after
the kick-off of the second half the crim
son supporters were thrown into a. panic
when Daly, who had been limping, went
back to the side lines and. Harvard had
lost her captain.
In rapid succession Harvard s men were
grilled out of the game. The crimson
team played twenty men. The only Yale
man to leave was Olcott. the center, who,
five minutes before the game was ended,
sustained a blow on the head and Holt
took his place. The scoring of the
second half was of the spectacular order.
t~V ttEW HAVEN. Conn.. Xov. 24.—
fX \ Victory long delayed perched
8 \W upon the blue banner of Yale to-
A NJ day when the crimson of Harv
ard was smothered by the blue
of Yale in the annual football game. * or
the first time since 1S94 Yale scored a
tory over Harvard, and to-day she tooK
sweet revenge for Harvard's merciless
performance In Xew Haven two years
ago, when the crimson rejoiced over tne
blue by the score of 17 to 0.
Yale administered a squelching de
feat to Harvard, as the score. 2S— 0. Indi
cates. It was Yale from the first k' - ck
off, and the warriors of the blue seemed
bent on punishing Harvard to the limit.
. In the first half Yale scored two touch
downs. In the second half she repeated
the performance, and in addition to tear-
Ing out the two touchdowns Sharpe, the
Yale halfback, lifted a field goal from the
25-yard line.
In the first few minutes^ of the game,
by means of her stalwart rush line and
the famous tackles back formation
with confusing variations. Yale tore
through the Harvard forwards for
the first touchdown. An easy goal
made the score six to nothing. A few
attempts at rushing were followed by a
Harvard punt. Gould, the Yale end.
muffed the ball and It bounded Into
Fincke's hands. Like magic Yale's In
terference formed and Flncke started
down the field for Harvard's goal. He
left his interference behind after a few
yards and. eluding the Harvard backs.
after a magnificent run of sixty yards he
planted the ball squarely behind the goal
posts for the second touchdown- Hale
kicked the goal and the first half ended
with the score- at 12 to nothing in Yale's
favor.
Chadwlck. the Tale i.alfback. was push
ed across the line alter a aeries of mar
velous line plunges, which Harvard was
utterly incapable of checking, fatillraan, a
few minutes later, almost unaided, tore
down four chalk llnea for the fourth
touchdown. Sharpens punt out lor one ot
the goals ended in a fizzle. i/?-\Z. ,. „
Repeated Yale rushes brought the ball
within striking distance and Sharp© was
dropped bacK for his second attempt at a
S Yale men held like a stone> wall
and Sharpe lifted the leather -without
trouble. It flew toward the ffoal posts,
struck one of the uprights and glanced
through. This ended the scoring.
Yale's gt>al was never In danger. Har
vard did not reach a point nearer tban
the Yale thirty-yard line. Throughout
the game Yale retained possession of the
ball three-quarters of the time and wben
it fell to Harvard's lot her line plays and
end formations were thrown back.
The experts at the best points of ob
servation ascribed the victory to Yale's
magnificent team work and tho supero
physical condition of her men.
Line-up and summary:
y a j e . Position. Harrwa.
o ou i(j Left end..Campbell. Dowdltchi
and Clarke.
moomer Xjtt\. tackle.. Eaton. Oraydoa
Hrown. <capt.) L*?t guard Lee. Burnett
Olcott, Holt Center .Sar»»nt
Sheldon Right guard BaraanV
and Roberta
Stlllman. Right tackle Laur«$cq
Coy Right end..HallowelL Rlslna
Fmcke Quarterback Daly (cap*.)
Sharp* -.Left half Sawin. GlraacU
Cha<nvtck Right halt Kendall
I laSe ..?.!.. • " ' Fullback Ellis. StiUmaa
Umpire— Paul Dashlel. Lehigh. Refewe—
Matthew McClumr. Lehlgh. Linemen— J. B.
Hale Yale; C. O. Swain. Harvard. Timer —
A E. Whitinjr. Cornell. ToncMowns-Bloomer,
Klncke Chadwlck. Coy. Goals from totxeh
dt wns-^-Hale 3. Goal from field— Sharpe. Socra
—Yale 28, Harvard 0. Time— Two 25-m!nat«
halves.
YALE'S STOUT ELEVEN
BEATS HARVARD MEN
ON NEW HAVEN FIELD
Time —^i. :£*; H. sWfcJ idSft; mile, 1:44. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Vir.npr. Fre<l Cook's ch. g. by Inspector B-Pansy Blossom. There was no pace and
¦waitlns *"dere helped hoai the favorite. Lamachus oft badly and pocketed down back
etreteh.
138S. FIFTH IIACE-Oue mile; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Tim«>— 1-16. :P7; 5-16, :32: 9-16. :57>i: 13-16. • 1:23^; m. 1:44; 1 l-l€m. l:50>4. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner. W. H. Ketcheman's br. g. by Badg-e-Bellegrade. Wedder
rtranl went the shortest route: Sandwiched, could Miller have drawn his "bat," Lion might
have won. With a rider up Morinel would have "won a block." Locochee came out with
out war pa!r.t or feathers. an«l was a bad "Injun" to-day. Castake cut off when In front by
Socialist. Latter Is improving. Scratched — Uarda 107, Tappan 107.
13M). SIXTH RACE— One end a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
1630 Total 167.1
130.".'..'.: ....;....;. Average weight 161
SUMMARY.
Score— Lowell, 6: Berkeley, 5.
Touchdown— Voa Burgh.
Goal— Vos Bur^h.
Field coal— Volz, from 15-yard line.
Runs- 33-yard run to touchdown" by Vrw
BurRh; Seltser, 15 and 35 yard runs; Bush, 15;
Pratt, 20; Volz. 25.
Punts— First half: Volz 9, averaging 35 yards
each: Pratt 12, averaging 25 yards each. Sec
ond haif: Volz 9, averaging 30 yards each;
Pratt 8. avtrasrlng 35 yards each.
Officials— Umpires, Warren Smith, right half
U. C. ".'9-'00, and "Babe" Cadwallader, right
guard Yale 'S7. Referee, Chester Murphy,
quarter Stnnford "9S-'9O. Timekeepers— For
Berkeley, Russ, B. II. S. '97; for Lowell. Van
Duzer. '00. Linesmen— Ralnh Seltzer. U. C. '03.
and Peter Cook. U. C. '03.
Twenty-five minute halves. Time taken out,
ilo minutes.
Attendance. 1500. Football weather. Grounds
hard and springy.
. j — . „
a tower of strength to the Berkeley team.
His punting was of high order and his line
bucking superb.
Followjng are the stripped weights of
the teams and the way the players faced
each other on the gridiron:
Wt. ' Lowell. Position. Berkeley. Wt.
HO Baldwin and
Prentice R. E. L McQuestlon 143
ISOCralK R. T. L..' Fish 1C0
165 Williams R. G. L Umb 155
145 Kldrf....... Center '...Macoy 143
176 Keesran '..L. G. R Plummer 153
165 W.M!ddltton,cap.L. T. R Parker, cap. 155
142Lswitt L. E. R ..De Merrltt 143
122 Vos Bun?h Quarter Solinsky 14fl
140 G. Mlddletcn L. H. R Bush. Stahle 160
150 Rooney R. H. L. Seltzer 144
143 Pratt. ......... ....Fullback ......Volz 163
With a lead of one point Lowell played
with greater spirit, while the. Berkeley
boys' became desperate. At one time they
bucked their way thirty-five yards, only
to lose the ball on offside play; Neither
team could make ground because of the
strength of their linemen and they re
eorted to kicking. Pratt and Volz in the
back, field handled punts nicely. McQues
tlon, left end for Berkeley, played' a fine
game, as did also Prentice, who went In in
the second half. Keegan broke through
repeatedly. KIdtl did the same and
blocked a kick. Rooney tripped over his
own interference and did not make his
distance. Seltzer was a little flat at the
outset of the ?ame, but after being shaken
up he played with more spirit. Vo'.z was
The piaying was fast and intensely in
teresting to the spectators.. Kicking was
resorted to so often by both elevens that
the ends were continually racing down
the field. A field goal by Volz and some
spectacular tackling by Kooney and Mc-
Question created enthusiasm In the tirs;
half. Vote had the wind in his favor and
kicked with precision and preat force.
Pratt was outpunttd in this naif, but in
tbfe last half he not only equaled his
clever rival but surpassed nim a number
of times. Volz's field goal was a' pretty
effort.' McCoy passed the ball very poorly
to him, but the young fellow, unmindful
of the players breaking through on him,
bounced the ball to the ground and as it
arose pent it Hying over the bar.
Lowell was disheartened when the first
half ended, but determined to fight to the
last. Profiting by the trick taught them
by Coach Yost, they won the game and
championship. It was a delayed pass.
Vps Burgh gave. the signal and. like a
flash handed the ball to Pratt. The latter
charged on tenter backward- and as h'e
bluffed to go through he handed the bait
back to Vqs Burgh, who shot in°lde~a
hole .between right tackle and end and
made a touchdown
that may cause the selection of two other
teams of the leag-u« to contest for the
cup. Three aays ottore yesterday's game
Hc-rkeley and Lowell seceded rrom the
league oecause the members of the two
teams that were to play the linal game
of the Academic League series were not
given a sufficient number of compliment
ary tickets. An ettcrt was nvide to settle
the matter amicably, but the hot-headed
youngsters were obdurate. Both teams
agreed to play the linal game, but under
their own auspices. They engaged tne
grounds at Sixteenth and Folsom streets,
l educed the price of admission 'to te> cents
and ignored ihe league management.
1 he outcome of yesterday *» game was
not certain until the whistle blew the sig
nal to cease hostilities. Both elevens
were evenly matched. There was little to
choose between them In point of knowledge
of the game.. Both teams had during the
past, month met and defeated splendid
amateur aggregations and each was con-
Jldent of its strength and ability to beat
the other.
SIDE LIGHTS ON THE GAME FOR
i THE CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE ACA
DEMIC LEAGUE.
WHEN Volz, fullback of the
Berkeley High School team
netted five points for his team
by drop-kicking a' goal from
the' field the wearers of the
yellov; and red, who occupied a large sec
tion of the grand stand at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets yesterday, shouted their
Joy in strident tones. But' when a youth
named Vos Burgh, Lowell's star quarter
back, on a delayed pass tucked the pig
skin under his arm and raced for the goal
with the whole Berkeley team In his wake
the wearers ot the red and white danced
and hugged one another and shouted until
the policemen on duty thought a small
sized riot had broken ,out. The fifteen
hundred spectators watched Vos Burgh
proudly carry the oval out to the 20-yard
line and as the ball was balanced' to a
nicety by one of his teammates poise his
foot for a moment, sending the leather
a-swish'ng over the goal posts. Six poin'ts
were scored for his school. Another great
shout went up and another Indian war
dance was executed by the local high
school rooters. Score— Lowell 6, Berke
ley 5.
It was by this narrow margin that Low
ell won the championship of the Academic
Athletic League. Only one point sepa
rated the rivals, but that one point was
as priceless as the beautiful silver trophy
donated by Clabrough & Golcher, which
the victors hope to receive from the
league. It may be a vain hope, however,
as the Academic League managers have
been quietly suffering from an affront
Dean'a Gallant beat J. Mater's Emma M, 12-3;
J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat J. Dean's Slsquoc.
4-0; F. Jones' Lovina beat Pasha Kennels' Rest
Assured. 5-4; Sterl & Knowlea" For Glory beat
F. A. iTcComb's Bonnie Pasha. 3-1: C. O. Pe
terson's Silver Cloud beat Curtis A Sons' Cava
lier. 4-2; Curti3 & Sons' Narcissus beat J. J.
Keenan's Dreadnaught. 2-1; Russell & Aliens
Talk to Me beat T. J. Cronin's Wl!d Tralee, 2-0;
Curtis & Sons' Cash beat Sterl & Knowles*
Sleety Mist. 5-4: Pasha Kennels' Random Aim
beat Curtis & Sons" Shadow, 19-11); Pasha Ken
nels' Firm Friend beat W. Creamer's Jcs3e
Moore, 5-1: B. Silvia's Reannex b?at E. M.
Kellogrg*s Ben's Babe. 5-1; J. Keenan's Sleigh
Hell* beat J. Seggerson's Gold HU1. 8-0; J. P.
Thrift's Forget beat Aeneld Kennels' Agam
emnon. 5-2; Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells
beat R. E. do B. Lopez's Crawford Rex. 1S-I2;
P. Stemhoff's Veto beat R. E. de B. Lor**"'
Wardel. 12-2; Russell & Allen's First Foot beat
Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer. 4-1; Captain
Clarkson's Golden Garter beat P. J. Rellly's
Warship, 10-2; J. Carroll's Auckland beat J.
McCarthy's John Doe. 3-1: Curtis & Sons' Echo
beat Larkey & Rock's Ladies' Choice, 6-5; T.
J. Cronin's Vandal beat Russell & Allen's
Strayaway, 5-0: Maher & Reid's Bad Boy beat
Aeneld Kennels' Achilles. 8-2; O. Zahl's Tony
Bowers beat J. Dennis' Mike Fen ton, 4-0: Er
wln & Lyons' Silver Wings beat S. Garner's
Buckles, 1S-2; Captain Cane's Victor Queen
beat George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket. 4-0;
I.. F. Bartels* Betsy Barrow beat J. Dcan'i
Warco. 7-1: Connell Bfoa.' Bt. Helen beat
Aeneld Kennels' Aethra. 5-2; B. M.
Kellogrg's Kid McCoy beat S. Garner's
Buck, «-3; J. Hurley's O K Capitol
beat Sterl & Knowles* Rusty Gold, 7-S:
Captain Cane's GreenhaU beat J. H. Perlgo'*
Controller. 7-5; A. Johnson's BalilKagle beat
S. E. Portal'a Cannon Ball, 14-3; Pasha Ken
nels' Rude Awakening beat T. J. Cronla'a
Daisy Palo 12-5; J. E. Hosklng's Kin* Cashier
beat Russell & Allen's Spiteful. 14-7: Georgra
Van Bersen's Red Angus b«at Lv. F. Bartels'
Best Earsain, 7-6; P. Retliy* Lady GranaM
beat H. A. Declcelman's Belle Rocket. 1&-6;
Chiarini Bros.* Bunko Bill beat D. J. Healey 1 !*
T'rania. 8-5; Pasha Kennels' Royal Ann* beat
I>. J. Healey'n Lady Claire, 13-18; Georga Par
kinson's Ben I^vraond bent r>. Toland's Pleas
ant Girl. 6-1: F. Jones' Tom Hurliclt beat R.
E. de B. Lopea's Werlbee, 6-0; Ruvsell & Al
len's Castaway beat T. Tlerney'i Lucretla Bor
tfla. 6-4: Captain Cane's Miss Penman beat
Curtis & Sons' Warpath. 12-4; Pasha Kennels'
Rival's Answer beat Aeneld Kennels' Flylngr
Faster, 10-6: G^org* Sharman's Chicago Boy
beat F. A. McComb's Patriot. 4-1; Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead beat W. Creamer's On
ward. 9-4; Curtis & Sons' War Eaele boat
Geortre Pharman's The Doctor. 8-!: J. Smith's
Master "Workman beat F. A. McComb's Sir
Pasha. 5-3; Curtis A Sons' Kibosh beat Pasha
Kennela' Rollicking Airs, 7-6; H. Lynch's
Game Cock beat D. J. Healey's Tapioca, 8-S;
T. "W. Bartels' Mac's Melody beat Pasha Ken
nels' RIskx Attempt. 11-9.
CLEVER NARCISSUS IS
THE STAKE FAVORITE
The new lot of hares at Union Park
proved a bit faster than expected and aa
a result relief dogs were called on sev
eral times during the stake to finish some
hard courses.
Master Rocket, In his course with War
rigo, gave the form players a scare.
Selling a strong favorite at 10 to 1 tha
best Deckelman's dos: could do was to
break even on points with his opponent.
When the dogs came up for the run-oC
Rocket's stock dropped quite a few points,
going to 4. "With a show of speed Rocket
was Inclined to lay oft and let Warrlgo
do the" work. The bl£ end bettors were
about to give up hope of landing when the
red flag went up with Rocket one point
to the good.
The upset of the day wa3 the defeat of
Warship by Golden Garter, an 8 to 1
short-ender.
The youngster King Cashier beat Spite
ful a 5 to 1 favorite. ±*ed Angus and
Narcissus are even favorites for the
stake, though the latter seems to have tho
better chance. Brutus is In good position
to repeat his performance of last week.
The winners In the second round figure:
St Michael, Honesty, Psyche. Mountain'
Beauty Crawford Laas, Rocker. Little Sister,
Lady Davenport, Brutus, Lovlna. Narcissus,
Talk to Me. Firm Friend. Reannex. Forget.
First Foot. Auckland. Vandal. Bad Boy. Silver
Wins*. St. Helen. Kid McCoy. Greenhall. Rude
Awakening, Red Angus, Royal Anne, Ben Lo
mond, Miss Penman, Chicago Boy. War Eagle,
Master Workman and Mac's Melody.
The first round resulted as follows:
J P Thrift's St. Michael beat Captain Cane's
Maker Davenport. 4-3; R. U Taylor's Beauty
Spot beat CMarini Bros.* Brass Button. 10-0;
H A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat J. P. Thrift's
Tyrone Prince, 10-4; P. J. ReiHy's Honesty
beat Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face, 2-1; Curtis &
Sons' Pcyche beat Russell & Allen's Belle
Claire 14-3: E. Geary's America beat II.
Lynch? s Linton. 13-4; H. H. Gray's Rona beat
O Zahl's Mls.« Wilson. 6-2; A. Johnson's Moun
tain Beauty beat E. M. Kellogg' s Iowa Boy.
4-0- J Carroll's Master Claire beat H. II.
Gray's Bannockburn, 22-1; F. A. McComb's
Crawford Lass beat T. J. Cronin's Vix?n. 13-9;
H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat Sterl &
Knowles' Ollta. 6-2; Krsklne & Jones' Lavender
beat J J. Keenan's Lund In Links. 10-3; F. A.
McComb's Little Sister beat Curtis & Sons'
McKlnley, 6-4; H. A. Deckelman's Master
Rocket beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Warripo, 9-8:
J II. Perlso's Lady Davenport beat Curtis &
Sons' Roslnante. S-0: George Sharman's Bow
ery Boy beat H. Lynch's Lyddite. 11-7; J.
and McClung, the ex-Lehigh player, are
c «!?.<?, on for their services elsewhere.
1 Williams, the old Vale halfback; Corlieus
of Dartmouth, who umpired the Harvard-
Yale freshman game, and Moffltt of
Princeton, a member of the American
rules committee, were available, but not
v atl ? f f& tory , t0 the stan *°rd contingent,
lost did not know Williams and Corlieus,
rnd thought Moffitt prone to be too tech
nical In his Interpretation of the rules for
in our A\estern games the coaches have
always claimed that a broader interpreta
tion of. some of the rules should be fol
lowed because of the fewer big games
played he.'e each year and a consequent
tendency on the part of the players to in
fringe against the rules.
j yi on , ly flv ? * ays between the present
and Thanksgiving and no umpire yet set
tled upon it is well nigh impossible to
}n S J?T^ n f E , ast . erne , r 058 the continent
in time to lend a hand In our football fes
tivities. So either a local or perhaps Mid
fected S man WlH certaln 'y °e se-
The position of umpire, however, has
caused a deal of worry to both Bides. Last
year "King" Dlckson of Pennsylvania was
criticized in his rulings by the Stanford
men. It was claimed • that he was too
lenient in not penalizing for obvious hold
ing. The year before Fred Harvey, the
old Massachusetts technology center, of
ficiated as umpire, and although his work
was of a highly honest and earnest order,
still the critical college men of both sides
were not suited. His name was offered
on the Stanford list again this year, but
California held out for an Eastern man
and the wires are being kept hot in at
tempting to locate and agree upon a sat
isfactory official.
Numerous experts have been communi
cated^ with, but most of the best known
have been unable to spare the time to
come to California. The two most expert
in America, Paul Dasheal of Anrfapolls
REFEREE, BUT NO UMPIRE, SELECTED
FOR THE THANKSGIVING DAY GAME
The football authorities of California
and Stanford are finding It difficult to
agree upon an available man to act a3
umpire in the great Thanksgiving day
game.
Realizing the importance of securing
competent officials, the management of
each college commenced a month ago to
canvass the field and come to an agree
ment on experts. Local ex-players or
those living on. the Pacific Coast were
first considered. From the outset Wil
liam Goodwin, the old Yale athlete and
referee of several of the recent intercol
legiate matches, was practically settled
upon to act In that capacity again. His
work of following find awarding the ball
in the many close plays of the big game
had given eminent satisfaction to both the
men of the blue and gold and cardinal,
and consequently there was no opposition
to his selection.
TotaU .27 6 8 4 21 10 6
OAKLAND.
~ AB. R. BH. SB.-PO. A. B.
Drennan, cf ....4 0 1 "-' ,0 - 1.-0 0
SACRAMENTO,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, 3b 3 11 0 0 10
Sheehan, cf....: , 3 1 1 020 2
Stanley, o 4 0 2 0 4 0 0
Bagran b. b ...4. 1 1 0 2 3 1
Doyle,' p. .- 3 112 0 3 2
MeLaughlln, If...... 3 0 0 0 .10 0
Hanlon, lb 2 1 0" 111 1 0
Stults, 2b 3 0 2 1 1 20
Dennie, rf a 10 0 0 0 0
third innings. In the second Hutchinson
singled and went to second on Moski
man's sacrifice, scoring on Lohman's
single. In the third Held was safe at
second on Sheehan's muff, scoring on a
bad throw of Doyle's to second.
The report that Jay Hughes was made
the happy father of twins upset the Sac
ramento team and this is assigned as the
reason for the five errors. The Senators
were thinking of doubles to the detriment
of their, game. The score:
Francks. s. s ...4 0 ' 0 0 2 2 ~n
Held, rf....... 3 i 0 . if \ n
Arrellanes. 2b 4, 0 0 0 1 4 1
Hutchinson, lb....;. 3' 11 0 8 1 0
Moskiman, p .2 o 0 0 3 in
Bowman, If...; -.2 0 1 l i 0 0
Lohman, c... 1 o 12 3 l n
Kelly, 8b....... 2 0 0 0 1 3 6
• Totals ............25 2 4 4 21 13 • l
Game called at end of seventh inning on ac
count of darkness.
- RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento [..i.o 0 4 0 0 2 0-8
• Base hits... .2 0 2 1 0 2 1-8
Oakland .,...,.... 0 110 0 0 0-2
Base hits .\....l 2 0 1 0 0 0—4
SUMMAIIY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 1, Moskiman 4
Home run— Eagran. Two-base hit— Drennan"
Sacrifice hit— Moskiman. First base on error*-^
OaKland 2. First base ' on called balls—Sacra
mento 6, Oakland 1: ~ Left on bases— Sacramento
S, Oakland 7. Struck- out— By Doyle 3, by
Moskiman 1. Double play— Kelly to Hutchin
son. Time of game— 1 hour 35 -minutes. Um
pire—Van Haltren. < .\ Official scorer— J. W
Stapleton.* ' , . . '
CHAMPIONS BEAT DUDES IN A GAME
THAT IS CUT SHORT BY DARKNESS
Darkness put a quietua on the game
yesterday afternoon at Recreation
grounds in tho beginning of the eighth
inning. This and a home run by Eagan
when the bags svere crowded were the
two glittering sensations on a fieljj of
sable. The score at -the wind-up . read
Sacramento 6, Oakland 2.
The game went along like other games—
a few hits, a few errors and a few stolen
bases until the darkness cut it off two
innings before its natural finish. When
the swatter from Sacramento repeated hla
home run performance the small crowd
awoke and shouted. This is the story of
it: Dennie went to first on four evil ones,
Devereaux singled and Sheehan was given
a base on balls. Then up to the plate
walked "Homer" Eagan and soon after
the ball mounted the : right field fence.
Four runs for Sacramento, enough to
win the game, although in the sixth
another two runs were added and the
score read 6-2.
Oakland made its runs in the second and
without rendering them soggy. The full
scores in the handicap follow:
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF CLUB— CLASS B
:¦¦¦¦;;:. HANDICAP.
The men's t oursomea, ""-• with v handicap,
over eighteen holes, set down on the pro
gramme ii of the Oakland , Golf Club : for
yesterday afternoon, did not fill; " Several
players, however/ went round the course
for. practice. Horace Rawllns and Henry
Rawlins, the resident professionals of the
Oakland Golf. Club, .have made arrange
ments to go over to Sausalito next Sun
day, where* they will play an exhibition
game on the Fort Baker links. The best
score made so far on the Sausalito course
is 57 for nine holes, by a visitor i from
Boston.- The Rawllns brothers will cer
tainly reduce this record appreciably. The
members of ; the Sausalito Golf Club are
looking - forward * with much •• pleasure to
the visit of the experts, one oT whom is an
open : champion of the United Stateo. "
/ John Lawson and B. D. Adamson will
visit the Oakland links to-day. Both went
round \ the < Presidio : course yesterda y. ¦
The final round of the competition for
the Council's cup of the ; San Francisco
Golf Club did not take place ¦ yesterday,
owing to the indisposition of H.B. Good
win. Four , members belonging to class
B played a handicap over elgnteen holes,
medal play, the winner being L; B.\E5d
warda, with a gross score of 114 and a net
score .of 10L The links were in excellent
condition, the rain . having: ' softened ' them
L. B. Edwards Takes First Place,
With a Good Margin to
Spare.
CLASS B SWEEPSTAKES
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS
Winnie O'Connor, one of the most cap
able riders on the far Eastern tracks,. is
due here Monday. ! It Is understood that
Prince Poniatowskl has first call on his
services. Winnie Is a "get there" sort
of youth, though frequently reprimanded
for rough riding tactics.
Bookmaker Joe Rose dropped In from
Chicago yesterday morning and took a
fling at the Tanforan game. A small
man stood no chance at all with Joe when
he Btarted out to get aboard Walken
fhaw, the hot one for tht last run.
Willie Sink, the owner of Formero, was
advised to try aluminum plates on his
horeo by Billy Cahlll, the plater and
owner of Rolling Boer. He did bo, and
the chestnut ran as If he needed toe
weights, knee boots and a galtlng pole
to steady him at the finish, .1 .
Among the Eastern arrivals yesterday
were Jockeys Harry Spencer and Xash
Turner. Turner comes out under en
gagement to the Illinois turfman, Tom
Ryan, but unfortunately for Spencer, tho
lanky rider some weeks ago had his li
cense revoked by the stewards of the
Jockey Club. - . " ' .' .
Track Notes.
Brutal was strongly tipped to take the
first event, a dash for maid' n two-year
olds, which he did. handily, starting fa
vorite. Marty Bergen got home second
on Courtier, from Louis Ezt-ll's string.
Only four participated In the mi!e and
a half hurdle run. Willie Sink's all round
performer, Rio Chlco, went to the post
favorite, and with everything made pleas
ant reached home half a second before
Eva Moe. Credo ran third and Manchio
fell at the third jump.
The Bobby ran last on his previous ap
pearance, but of course waj>.up ajjalnst
better company. There was no pace made
in the mile purse run and The Bobby
made the favorite, Anjou, look like a
ferryboat doughnut. .
A terrific plunge on Walkenshaw clcsed
the afternoon's racing. The distance was
over one mile and a sixteenth and Andy
Blakeley's horse was pounded down In tho
betting from 6 to 2\k to 1. The brown
horse didn't meet with the kindest luck
and In a three-nose finish on thd wire
got the short end of It, Bell Punch yetting
the verdict from Sea Lion.
the most excitement. The handicapper
assigned top weight— 120 pounds— to Vul
cain, from the Hildreth stable, with his
stake companion, Wooster Boy, carrying
two pounds less. Of course, all. reliance
was placed In Vulcain, and the pair were
in hot demand at even money around post
time. Mortgage looked nicely in with. 103.
The Lady and Vesuvlan both seemed to
have royal chances, and were fancied in
that order. Of the other five starters,
Formero was the only one nibbled at to
any extent. At the post, Vesuvlan tried
to cave in the ribs of Star Chamber and
Greenock with bis heels, but Starter
Dwyer finally caught them all straight
and a pretty start was accomplished.
They were soon strung- out, with Dom
inick on Wooster Boy off in front, For
mero and The Lady in close waiting.
When the stretch was reached the Boy
fctill held his ground, with no noticeable
signs of backing up. The last was a long
quarter, though, and at the paddock the
leader wobbled and went to pieces like
the breaking up of a Yukon winter.
Mounce then laid the whip on Vcsuvian
and passing on the inside of the shaky
Wooster Boy won by a couple of lengths
In 1:41%. The Lady was not to be dis
possessed of show honors, while Vulcain
Jini.shed fourth. Ten to one could bo had
about the entry of Walter Jennings dur
ing one period of the betting.
While this proved a surprise it remained
for Seide, the; latest purchase of Sam
Hildreth, to create an even greater on< j .
As In the all-aged handicap Hiidreth
started two in the two-year- old handicap '
the crack Golden Age being ooupled with
Seide. The former carried Oomlnkk and
125 pounds. The pair ruled warm favor
ites and ran one, two throughout, only
that instead of Golden Age galloping in
first Jack Martin landed his iightweiyhtc!
mate over the line first by half a length
in a driving finish. Canmore, which
'"bucked" at the start, ran a remarkably
fine race, beating Joe Frey hands down
for the show.
IT may b«». perhaps, that society is
becoming interested in matters per
taining to racing, after all. Two tal
ly-hos loaded "with "Blingumltes"
graced the infield at Tanforan Park
yesterday, and not a few residents of the
aristocratic suburban town mingled with
the crowd In the betting ring.
Apropos of the occasion. the lemon
¦with white cap colors of Prince
Poniatovi'Fki were Feen to the fore for the
first time this season, when Brutal, a
maiden 2-year-o!d, disposed of Courtier in
the opening scramble.
The pleasant weather attracted a well
filled grand stand, the ring was thronged
•with spectators, .ind the different events
¦were decided owr a good, but not fast,
track, in which favorites thrice had their
number displayed on top.
Anent the sport, which was about the
V>e?t since the inception of the meeting,
the Goodwood handicap for all ages, at a
mile, worth $750 to the winner, furnished
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
THE FOOTBALL IS THE CRY OF THE HOUR
THE SAN: FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
THE CALL'S RACING' FORM CHART.
TANTORAV PAIiK. SATURDAY. XOVEMBKR 24, 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
LO WEJLL IS VICTOR
BY NARROW MARGIN
MOUNCE ON VESUVIAN
FIRST HOME FOR THE
GOODWOOD HANDICAP
32
m
at
:x E
r i
! ; '
in
¦u'.e.
KKjg
tan
a ...
.ier .
on ..
:e D<
U8 ..
li ...
\i We
cwey.
lro.|
....uo 4 1 6
....105 1 I 2
....IIS 3 ; 1
....1U « I S
,...11S| 2 I E
,...J.j5| 5 1 4
S 2
1 1
31
C
4 h
2 h
%. Str. Fin. '
2 2 14 1 r
1 h 2 4 2 6
3b 32 36
6 4 2 4 2
4b 6 2 5 2
S 2 8 6
) Jockeys, j Op.
jAVeddfrsfd S-5
M. Dergen.. 6
Fanell 3
Mcunce 6
Kiley 3
fKnos IS"
- Bottlnf »
HI. OL PL
6-2 &-2 9-10
o 4 8-5
7-1 7-2 «-5
S 8 5-2
9-2 4 3-2
40 40 - 10
E'
fc
k.
4-
Sir.
Fin.
I
I
I
| Joek«y».
1/ Betting ,
Op. Hi. Ci. PL
:~:
izh
il
120
101
90
I
3
'2 1
1 n
6
4 h
3 H
t*3
i
2
j l
l M
3 h
6 1
e
«h
1 n
2 3
3 l
4 3
5 n
6
l H
3 C
4 2
I 1
IMart'.n
[t)omlnlck ...
IMounce
J. Miller....
ICoburn
jltansch
_|
. 6-5 6-5 1 i
• • • 1-2
4 6 5 7-5
.4772
3 4 4 1
.. 12 25 25 5
:i:;
p.
Weitf
IPo.j
;Pst;St.
Btd.
5 i.
Str.
Fin.
j Jockeys. I
']' Op.
- Betting ,
HI. Cl. PI.
EDfil
!cx
I
nsi
4
3..
I.!
;! iiT|
¦ 1 j 8
•i * 1
2 5
1
1 h
21
i K
1 2
2 5
3
It
2 20
3
Owons
jL. Lloyd
] Ed wards ...
;K. Taylor...
:j~T-5
g-5
4
4
6-5 1 9-20
t 2 3-3
S 6 1
10 8 S-i
Otr
t;SL
».»•
M.
Str.
Fin. I Jockey*.
' Op.
Op.
Hi
HI.
Cl.
¦S —
Cl.
PL
PL
nflrT
4
I
I
I
s
1
5
I
7
4
3
2
6
8
1
a
9
1 Hi
3 1
41
7 1
5 3
2 n
6 b
9
5 1
1 »
3 2
4 h
85
6 V.
2 n
7 h
9
2 2
1 1
3 2
43
7 4
6 h
S h
8 1
9
1 2 Mounce ....
2 2 Domini ck ..
3 4 Bergen
4 4 Coburn
5n F. Ktlly....
6 2 Wedderat'd
7 5 Enos
8 1 J. Woods...
* Millpr
1
&
*
20
8
5
8
10
3-2
9
50
23
15
6
15
S
1
9
• :
zo
20
10
4
15
5-5
4
i
2-5
IS
s
_ 4
! 5
1
Op.
— B*ttine —
HI. Cl.
¦lXlb -— —
PI?
TVcig:
•tt's
H- Str.
Fin. I
I Jockey*. I
I Op.
HI.
13.
PI.
f.
>bby..
do ""I*
hony.
I'rinr
gia ..
jffoon
hus> ..
.V
41
,11
.!•
M
.1(
.11
.I!
.::
U
(ij
.«
Hi
•*
1:
u
1:
1:1
• :
* 1
?! i
0! i
7 1
244
1 1
4 1
3 1
5 8
S h
4 113
3 h 3 4
14 2 4
6 1 4 ' ,
2 r-s 5 o
5 6 1
8 10 8 2
5 h 9
.14 ):
2 2
3 5 ',
* %
5 3 1
6 2 :
7 s :
S3
9
Domlnick ..
Mounce ....
J. Woods
Fnos
Coburn
L.. Daly
Kiley
E. Jones
Wedderst'd
3
1
S
15
20
15
20
10-
5-2
6
6-5
15
40
SO
50
25
30
4
3
6-5
15
30
60
40
25
30
3
4-5
1-2
6
IS
15
13
8
10
3-2
I, Betting —
I Op. HI. Cl.
PI.'
«!
ht.;i
!no!
.110}
:SS
i
.197
.io:|
Pttj
S
4
&
1 I
.3
2
5
6
,;St.
6
S
4
1
5
2
2
U. %. Btr. Ftn. Jockeys.
61 £2 2h Ins hVedderst'd
3 1 3 h 32 2 h Miller
4h411H 32 Klley
21 2b 41 4% F. Kelly
9 S € 1 5 1 Buckley
72 62 71 61 (Coburn
14 lh 5h 7h Stuart
82 81 S9 88 J. Martin...
6 h 7 *4 » 9 Alexander ..
Op.
4
8-5
6
10
S
3
10 '
8
-20
HI.
12
2
6
SO
IS
5
20
12
U>
<X
8
2
B-2
SO
15
5 -
20 '
- J2
50
PI.
3
4-5
1
15
3
o
2
5
15
COMPETITORS.
>r C. 1 . Chrlstensen...
.Ed wards.. :........ '
aln ' II. Ilumbftugh . . !
it. La Boyteaux. ¦¦ . .
. | s 1 -s i f,
¦' -a .9- : '.?. ;•--¦
. - ". - * V I " - '
.... 63 69 132 14 118
.... 66 58 '114 13 101
.... te; 58 123 BS 120
.... 5S 65 107|.... lOt
Major c;. Chris tensen......
L. B.i: Edwards . .". ...........
Captain H. Ilumbftugh.....
W. H. La Boyteaux
63
56
So
52
E'
fc
k.
4-
Sir.
Fin.
I
I
I
| Joek«y».
1/ Betting ,
Op. Hi. Ci. PL
:~:
izh
il
120
101
90
I
3
'2 1
1 n
6
4 h
3 H
t*3
i
2
j l
l M
3 h
6 1
e
«h
1 n
2 3
3 l
4 3
5 n
6
l H
3 C
4 2
I 1
IMart'.n
[t)omlnlck ...
IMounce
J. Miller....
ICoburn
jltansch
_|
. 6-5 6-5 1 i
• • • 1-2
4 6 5 7-5
.4772
3 4 4 1
.. 12 25 25 5
:i:;
m
at
:x E
r i
! ; '
in
¦u'.e.
KKjg
tan
a ...
.ier .
on ..
:e D<
U8 ..
li ...
\i We
cwey.
lro.|
....uo 4 1 6
....105 1 I 2
....IIS 3 ; 1
....1U « I S
,...11S| 2 I E
,...J.j5| 5 1 4
S 2
1 1
31
C
4 h
2 h
%. Str. Fin. '
2 2 14 1 r
1 h 2 4 2 6
3b 32 36
6 4 2 4 2
4b 6 2 5 2
S 2 8 6
) Jockeys, j Op.
jAVeddfrsfd S-5
M. Dergen.. 6
Fanell 3
Mcunce 6
Kiley 3
fKnos IS"
- Bottlnf »
HI. OL PL
6-2 &-2 9-10
o 4 8-5
7-1 7-2 «-5
S 8 5-2
9-2 4 3-2
40 40 - 10
p.
Weitf
IPo.j
;Pst;St.
Btd.
5 i.
Str.
Fin.
j Jockeys. I
']' Op.
- Betting ,
HI. Cl. PI.
EDfil
!cx
I
nsi
4
3..
I.!
;! iiT|
¦ 1 j 8
•i * 1
2 5
1
1 h
21
i K
1 2
2 5
3
It
2 20
3
Owons
jL. Lloyd
] Ed wards ...
;K. Taylor...
:j~T-5
g-5
4
4
6-5 1 9-20
t 2 3-3
S 6 1
10 8 S-i
Otr
t;SL
».»•
M.
Str.
Fin. I Jockey*.
' Op.
Op.
Hi
HI.
Cl.
¦S —
Cl.
PL
PL
nflrT
4
I
I
I
s
1
5
I
7
4
3
2
6
8
1
a
9
1 Hi
3 1
41
7 1
5 3
2 n
6 b
9
5 1
1 »
3 2
4 h
85
6 V.
2 n
7 h
9
2 2
1 1
3 2
43
7 4
6 h
S h
8 1
9
1 2 Mounce ....
2 2 Domini ck ..
3 4 Bergen
4 4 Coburn
5n F. Ktlly....
6 2 Wedderat'd
7 5 Enos
8 1 J. Woods...
* Millpr
1
&
*
20
8
5
8
10
3-2
9
50
23
15
6
15
S
1
9
• :
zo
20
10
4
15
5-5
4
i
2-5
IS
s
_ 4
! 5
1
Op.
— B*ttine —
HI. Cl.
¦lXlb -— —
PI?
TVcig:
•tt's
H- Str.
Fin. I
I Jockey*. I
I Op.
HI.
13.
PI.
f.
>bby..
do ""I*
hony.
I'rinr
gia ..
jffoon
hus> ..
.V
41
,11
.!•
M
.1(
.11
.I!
.::
U
(ij
.«
Hi
•*
1:
u
1:
1:1
• :
* 1
?! i
0! i
7 1
244
1 1
4 1
3 1
5 8
S h
4 113
3 h 3 4
14 2 4
6 1 4 ' ,
2 r-s 5 o
5 6 1
8 10 8 2
5 h 9
.14 ):
2 2
3 5 ',
* %
5 3 1
6 2 :
7 s :
S3
9
Domlnick ..
Mounce ....
J. Woods
Fnos
Coburn
L.. Daly
Kiley
E. Jones
Wedderst'd
3
1
S
15
20
15
20
10-
5-2
6
6-5
15
40
SO
50
25
30
4
3
6-5
15
30
60
40
25
30
3
4-5
1-2
6
IS
15
13
8
10
3-2
I, Betting —
I Op. HI. Cl.
PI.'
«!
ht.;i
!no!
.110}
:SS
i
.197
.io:|
Pttj
S
4
&
1 I
.3
2
5
6
,;St.
6
S
4
1
5
2
2
U. %. Btr. Ftn. Jockeys.
61 £2 2h Ins hVedderst'd
3 1 3 h 32 2 h Miller
4h411H 32 Klley
21 2b 41 4% F. Kelly
9 S € 1 5 1 Buckley
72 62 71 61 (Coburn
14 lh 5h 7h Stuart
82 81 S9 88 J. Martin...
6 h 7 *4 » 9 Alexander ..
Op.
4
8-5
6
10
S
3
10 '
8
-20
HI.
12
2
6
SO
IS
5
20
12
U>
<X
8
2
B-2
SO
15
5 -
20 '
- J2
50
PI.
3
4-5
1
15
3
o
2
5
15
COMPETITORS.
>r C. 1 . Chrlstensen...
.Ed wards.. :........ '
aln ' II. Ilumbftugh . . !
it. La Boyteaux. ¦¦ . .
. | s 1 -s i f,
¦' -a .9- : '.?. ;•--¦
. - ". - * V I " - '
.... 63 69 132 14 118
.... 66 58 '114 13 101
.... te; 58 123 BS 120
.... 5S 65 107|.... lOt
Major c;. Chris tensen......
L. B.i: Edwards . .". ...........
Captain H. Ilumbftugh.....
W. H. La Boyteaux
63
56
So
52
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A -comic . opera at Warsaw was con-
verted I into a tragedy " by . the murder of
a chorus singer In full .view of the au-
dlence.. :' _ '.. . ¦-.„:/. ;.' ; . .,.'"
Your Boy
Would Appreciate Nothing
So Much as a
Cleveland Bicycle
$35.00 — -
It Is Fitted With a
MORROW COSTER BRAKE at
— S4O.OO--
1UVEH1LE BICYCLES— $20, $22.50, $25.
B09 Lnrkln Street . . . SAN FRANCISCO.
SO 6sn Pablo Avenue OAKLAND.
ftT South Second Street .... SAN dOSE.
•The remedy ha« a peculiarly gntefui
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strenjrtn
.and development just where It is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles -hat come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and haa been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 32S Klektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their tree trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute is de-
elrous of reaching that prea.- class of men
who are unable to leave home to be tr»at-
ei, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
ere employed. The Institute make? no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will bo
eent a free sample, carefully sealed :n a
plain package, so that Us recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to writs with-
out delay.
Free trial packages of a rr.cst remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
vlll write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men -*ho hau bat-
tled for years against the mental and
phjeical sufferinR of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all v.-ho write. It
Is a home treatment, and ail men who
suffer Irom any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful fo!ly, premature
loss cf strength &r.d memory, weak bac!:.
varicocelfe or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
to Ali Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Malt
Quickly Restores Lost Vigro?
to Men.
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN!
| Regain Your Strength! I
8 0JSSk, . I
S >* L. wil^ •_ *—^ s
| DR. McLAVCHLiN'S ELECTRIC BELT. J
• ' To the man whose vitality is exhausted and who finds £?"«"/ W X S
O still young in years, a broken-down wreck ot what he oue ™ *° D £ "£ 5
© dr. Mclaughlin electric belt is fuii of * ncon ™$ CT ? tnt i rn tl Z
• 1 is the success of the age in elevating the condition of men sufiennj? trom #
a a loss of vitality. _ . •
2 ' Dr. McLanghlin's Electric Belt is worn while you sleep For six g
©or eight hours every ni c ht it pours a steady stream of ej«tnaty into the O
©•¦ nerve center, saturating the weakened tissues and organs with its life. O
S®r This is strength. From it comes the vim. energy, the fire °* *>««« ¦»**' J
sical and mental action. 'It renews the health and happiness of all men. J
~ THOUSANDS PRAI^-. I pi«trie Belt mt It •
• There are ten thousand peopfe prawns' Dr. .^^^l^uc P^lns. W^ak i£dney». •
• _ cured them of Nervous Debllltr. Phyiical Decllr-e. K £*" n »f V. c 5^ ai lra«nt<r which 2
O'tLame Rack Neuralgic Pains. t&lratUaa. Torpid U«r £>d other e^tonL wheh |
© , go to make life miserable. It cared f.ieni and restored tne ]O A?™ feel tha* .11 tha 2
2; and strength. That is why thty praise it *>. It has mado tnem reel ma* au tna
• world i^thelr^nd^^ __ TO . DPl Y FREE. ©
© -treatment. I will talk common rense to you. and ><«J*^| " e ££" K £££ ™%lc£ 2
© am talking about. If jou can't call write for my £ a £ ll £L e 8 * 1 g5? O r«lt?ti •
2 ;¦ describes my method of treatment and givea prices- ** u * ree - CaJI or * rlt8 «°- - ©
2 ;* day. Office hours. » a. m. to 8 v- m. Sundays. 10 to x. ; . ¦ ¦
• DR. M. A. Mclaughlin, I£;»£cS^- •
'•-j : . .•:-.--¦ . ¦ -" . - - - ¦ ¦¦' - ¦¦¦¦•¦. ¦ ' ¦ ' - . "¦ ¦' • ;:'';•The Bartolomeo Inquest.
Judge-elect M.- C. Sloss has announced
the appointment of John J. Maganls ; to
the position -of official stenographer '- of
the court. Mr. Maganls has held this
position In Judge Belcher's court for some
years and his known accuracy, together
with a capacity for making and holding
friends; made his retention in his position
desirable. Mr. Maganls has accepted the
appointment.
Selects Official Stenographer.
It /is unofficially reported, that General
Torres, the ': Insurgent commandant at
Bulacan, has been captured by t General
Grant's Bcouts. . General Grant -wired
General Wheaton ' that 1 the ¦ entire rarrl
son. at San " Jose had . been captured, but
General -.Torres s was . not among, them.
Lieutenant Alstaetter of the United
States Engineer Corps, who was recently
released - by. the < : insurgents, arrived in
Manila this evening. He had been In cap
tivity at Bubalto since August 12 Gen
eral Funston surrendering the rebel ma
jor. Vantus, on the release of Lieutenant
Alstaetter. The latter is well and says
that he received good treatment He es
caped on September 21, but was recan
tured.fMMH" . 111 'T '''UEffi^ill ifcmTfeillftii v
Private Hart of the Twenty-seventh and
Private Kopner of the Forty-second and
two native scouts were killed and twelve
of the , attacking forces were wounded
The Insurgent casualties could not be as
certained. .• •*"* "~~:-
Colonel Thompson mobilized 1000 men at
Montalbon. . The attack was made upon
four sides— the main body under Major
Carry of the Forty-second advancing from
the south; Captain Atkinson of the Twen
ty-seventh from the east; Castool of the
Twenty-seventh from the west and Cap
tain Sloan of the Twenty-seventh from
tne north. The ascents were steep and
the men climbed them by grasping the
shrubbery. It was impossible for the
eastern column to reach the summit but
the others . arrived after three hours'
climbing, under fire from the fortress and
the hillside intrenchments. The enemy's
force, numbering several hundred, fled be
fore the attackers reached the top The
Americans destroyed 1000 Insurgent uni
forms, scores of buildings and large quan
tities of supplies and seized a barrel full
of documents. : . .
His position. was considered the strong
est-in Luzon. It was a stone fortress'
surmounted by a steep hill surrounded by
canyons. The Spanisli forces lost heavily
in attempting to take II.
MANILA, Nov. 24.— The fortress of the
insurgent chief, Geronlmo, at Pinarauran,
which the insurgents boasted was impreg
nable, was taken and destroyed Thursday
afternoon by a picked iorce of tho Forty
second and Twenty-seventh Infantry and
Troop G of • the Fourth Cavalry, under
Colonel Thompson. Geronimo and most
of the rebels escaped. This leader had
long harassed the Twenty-seventh In
fantry,, operating In the vicinity of -San
Mateo, Montalban and Novaliches. Ho
was finally located at Pinarauran, thirty
five miles north of Manila.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Pinarauran, Considered Im
pregnable, Is Finally
Captured.
FAMOUS FILIPINO
FORT IS TAKEN
Mr. Bryan appeared in the best of spirits!
and had none of the marks of a man
crushed politically. As : compared to his
appearance on the eve of the election,
when he plainly bora the sign of the strain
under which he was . laboring, he looked
like a new man.
"I have received innumerable offers for
my services, comprising opportunities in
nearly all the vocations of life, but I am
not looking for a position— not now," and
he Joined with Mr. Towno in a hearty
laugh. "I am in the best of health and
expect to be exceedingly busy for some
time to come. I have not seen any of
the local politicians. I came here to con
sult with Mr. Towne and one or two other
men in regard to matters which I do not
care to talk about."
"I expect to remain In politics as long
as I live," said Mr. Bryan. "I shall con
tinue to advocate and work with both
tongue and pen for the principles for
which I have fought so long. I shall con
tinue to reside in Lincoln, Neb."
To the question of what he thought of
the proposed reorganization of the Demo
cratic party he said:
"1 have nothing to say on that subject
at this time. When the opportune time
comes for me to express myself I shall
bo heard. I shall write myj views out
carefully, in order that my position may
not be misunderstood. I have neither the
Inclination nor time to do so now.
CHICAGO, Nov. 24.— William J. Bryan
arrived in Chicago this morning from Lin
coln. He drove to the Auditorium Annex,
where he did not register, but was at once
shown to the room occupied by Chairman
Towne of Minnesota, There he remained
in consultation with Mr. Towne and
former Senator Dubois of Idaho until to
night, when he returned to Lincoln.
Mr. Bryan refused to say what was dis
cussed during the meeting, but did not'
deny that the future policy of the Demo
cratic party was one of the topics dis
cussed. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says He Will Continue ta
Fight for Principles
He Champions.
BRYAN IS NOT
OUT OF POLITICS
recent Glee Club troubles, Pre«i
dent Wheeler's words regarding "the
false gods of social distinction" have
been applied to that organization's
opinions on aristocracy among sing
ers. Those outside of the Glee
Club have placed the burden of his re
marks on club members' shoulders. The
load has been accepted and the singers
are rather free to confess that they be
lieve President Wheeler was thinking
somewhat of music when he made hia
speech to the students. They feel, how
ever, that although they may have be«n
the prime cause of the address, the Ideas
in it are applicable to the entire student
body. This is the general sentiment.
Naturally the faculty holds with Presi
dent Wheeler's views that there can^be
no aristocracy as between students. They
feel that for the best interests of me uni
versity it must be democratic— purely
democratic. Professor Thomas R. Bacon,
head of the history and political economy
department and a man actively Interested
In all that concerns the personal l^fe of
the students, 6aid In' reference to yester
day's address:
"Jt was a most remarkable and thrill
ing address, the best in fact I believe I
have ever heard President Wheeler de
liver. The principles inculcated by him
wore certainly sound. The speech was
timely and to the point. Several mem
bers of the senior class spoke to me about
It at the senior social last night. All of
them declared that it was excellent , There
is a thought among the students that the
address nad particular reference to the
Glee Club. It seems to have been taken
that way by them quite generally. The
speech, I believe, will do great good."
Harley M. Leete, a senior at college and
the editor of the University Magazine,
said: "There cannot be equality of so
cial life at the university any more than
there can In San Francisco or in any
community of people. Students come
from all parts of the State and bring with
them the standing they had In the places
which they left. Accordingly they fit
Into the social life of the university. I
do not believe any university In the land
is purely democratic It Is a beautiful
state of affairs to contemplate, but It is
ideal. In reference to the Glee Club, it Is
my opinion that the social lines should be
drawn, closer than they are. The Glee
Club comes In closer contact with the peo
ple of the State than any other university
ERKELEY, Nov. 24.— President
Benjamin Ide' Wheeler drew the
clothes line on the students of
the State University yesterday
when he told them that the fact
that clothes were of the latest cut did not
necessarily mean that a real man wore
them. The president of .the official foun
tain of learning of the State told his
studehts that friends should not be
chosen because their clothing happened to
fit, entirely Ignoring the fact that fash-
Ion's latest edict does not make it neces
sary for clothing to fit. He told them that
the true democracy should exist at Berke
ley, and strongly Intimated that as the
great American constitution as revised up
to date eliminated race, color and pre
vious condition of servitude with regard
to mankind, so the unwritten constitution
of the State University should eliminate
the cut, color and previous condition of
Importation as to clothing.
This address has created no little excite
ment in Berkeley and the tailors have
gone on the war path for the scalp of the
president. Even football has been for
gotten In the excitement of the cloth«s
question. Students are already culti
vating a negligee air and the value of new
clothes has fallen at least one-half. The
university cadets are wondering where
they stand, between the Inspector gen
eral, who thinks that they don't dress
enough, and the president, who thinks
that they dress too much. The football
hero, dripping with the mud of tho last
few days. Is beginning to thKik that he
is the real thing. The students are in
clined to oppose President Wheeler'g
ideas, while the professors agree with
him heartily. So Berkeley has become
very much excited over President Wheel
er's address upon the old adage that "fine
feathers do not always make fine birds."
If some certain portions of the student
body look upon the speech as aiming di
rectly at them and object to it according
ly, the college men and women as a whole
admire the sentiments expressed.
Coming as they did so closely after the
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S DECLARATION THAT CLOTHES OF LATEST CUT DO NOT NECESSARILY CONTAIN
THE NOBLEST ARTICLES OF HUMANITY CREATED A SENSATION AMONG THE STUDENTS AT THE UNI
VERSITY, AND THEY ARE FIGURING AS TO JUST WHAT IS THE PROPER THING.
in the name of F. Reichllngr, trustee. On the
1st of April. 1891. the executors flled in the
Superior Court of Alameda County a verified
report and petition prayinc for the confirma
tion of the 6ale of certain personal property
of said estate, and alleging that they had.
anionp other property, sold certain shares of
stork of the Kennedy Mining and Milling Cora
par.y; that deeming it for the best interest
of said estate they had sold **ld property at
private sale without notice, that all of paid
property was present at the time of sale, thai
the sums realized were the full value of said
property at the time of sale and that paid
sales were in all respects fairly and legally
made and conducted. On April 13, 1S91, an order
was made confirming said 6ales.
Among the sale of Kennedy 6tock eo reported
were 1600 shares sold to George C. Hlckox for
J4T76. on February 4. 1891: U«» shares to E. D.
Rue for J3S75 on March 13, 1S9L No shares at
all were sold to Hickox. The excutors merely
divided I6O1) shares among themselves. a« fol
low*: Five hundred shares to H. 1L Pitcher.
tOO rhares to John Taylor. SCO shares to Thoma»
H. B. Varney. _
Pitcher testified that the 1100 shares of Ken
nedy stock reported to have been sold to E.
D. Rue were in fact bought by himself and
his sister. 5C0 for him and 600 for her. The
books of the Kennedy Mining and Milling
Company show, however, that 1600 shares al
tcsuher were transferred to H. H. Pitcher, of
which 1000 shares came directly from the 6tock
of the estate standing in the name of F. Reich
ling, trustee, and only 600 shares from that
standing in the name of K. D. Rue.
Tcylor testified that on June S. 1891. he bought
200 shares of the Kennedy stock belonging to
the estate, which he gave to his wife and
Henry B. Varney. the confidential clerk of the
trustees, testified that in October. 1S91, he pur
chased 4J0 shares of Kennedy stock, BO shares in
November. lbSl. and 200 shares in April, 1895:
that his first purchase (he thinks) was made
from the Judson estate through Duperu. a
brr.ker. and that none of Jhe stock was pur
chased by him from Pitcher. The books of the
Kennedy company show that 600 shares stand In
the name of Henry B. Varney. of which 400
sharr-s came directly from H. H. Pitcher and
ZW from N. Duperu, trustee, all of which were
a part pi the stock originally owned by Thomas
Varney at the time of his death. The question
whether Henry B. Varney should be charged
as a trustee in respect to any of the stock held
by him will be reserved until the final hearing
of the cause.
Five hundred shares of the Kennedy stock
standing' in the name of Mrs. Clara T. Clark.
who is the daughter of John Taylor, were paid
with $1500 borrowed by her from the Bank of
Livermore on l:er promissory note, which was
subsequently paid by her husband, L#. G. Clark,
with his own money. The evidence shows that
the nerotletions for the purchase were made
with Mr. Taylor by Mr. Clark and that the
purchase was not made by Taylor from the es
tate. I do not think that Taylor should be
charg-ed as a trustee for the payment of that
stock.
What has been said as to the effect of the
decree settling the account of the executors
upon the title of the estate to the 130 shares
of bank stock applies also to the 1600 shares of
Kennedy stock reported to have been sold to
Hickox.
Judge Seawell's conclusions are that the
three trustees owe to the Varney estate
the 130 shares of the Bank of. Livermore
Btock that they hold and the 1600 shares
by the Kennedy mine stock;' that while
they only secured for the estate 2V4 per
cent upon the money they managed that
they cannot be held for anv deficiency;
that they should be. held for all loans made
by the Bank of Livermore without secur
ity which resulted in loss; that the trus
tees could hold any salaries received from
the Bank of Livermore, but that they
should refund to the Varney estate the
money received as fees for attending
meetings by the bank and that Thomas
II. B. Varney should refund the amount
received for exporting the books by the
bank; that the Pitcher estate should re
fund the Insurance commissions received
for Insuring the bank property; that
Thomas H. B. Varney should be charged
for the use of a lot on Fifteenth street
since April 13. 1831; that the trustees paid
the estate 6 per cent for the use of mon^y
with which to purchase stock that was
drawing 12.85 per cent In dividends; that
as officers of the bank they loaned the
money of the estate upon personal secur
ity and took it for their own use; that
they were negligent in allowing the Gar
cia mortgage to grow from $57,000 to $104,
000; that H. H. Pitcher, a trustee and offl.
cer of the bank, as a member of the firm
of Knight. Cohen & Co., secured a loan of
53000 from the bank upon which the bank
had to get a Judgment for $43% 52.
The removal of the trustees Is then
ordered.
Water.
TILLiAMOOK, Or.. Nov. 24.— By the
breaking of a dam at 4 o'clock this morn-
Ing the electric sawmill near Hobsonville
was washed away and destroyed. Tho
mill was situated in a RUlch and when the
dam broke above it an immense body of
water came down, carrying trees and
rocks with It. The rushing water took up
thf mii! and carried It a quarter of a
I mil<\ completely demolishing: it and cover
ing it with debris. The dynamo and pow
er-house Just escaped, as the gulch widens
out there. Had the break occurred dur
ing the daytime the. mill hands would
have been swept down es well. The loss
"is not known, but it will amount to many
thousands of dollars.
Lumber Plant Carried a Quarter of a
Mile by a Torrent of
JITLL WASHED AWAY BY
BREAKING OF A DAM
Shock Felt in This City.
A slight earthquake shock was felt In
tuls cltv at 12:40. but its duration was not
more than two "seconds.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 25.— One of the
heaviest earthquake shocks ever felt in
this vicinity occurred at about 12:40 o'clock
this morning. The vibrations lasted nve
cr six seconds and were unusually severe.
Window-panes and crockery rattled mer
rily and the entire population of San Ra
fael was aroused. The shock came un
expectedly and there were no minor vi
brations after it had exhausted, itself.
Little or no damage was done, despite Its
severity, thoupn it may be found at day
light that some chimneys were shaken
down and window glass broken.
Special Dispatch to The Call
One of the Heaviest Felt^ln Becent
Years, But Little or No Dam
age Is Done to Property
There.
Earthquake Shock Alarms
the Citizens of San
Rafael.
TEMBLOR JARS
MARIN COUNTY
ThcRiaB Vamey, at the time of his death,
wa« the owner of 13.C00 share* of that stock
of which IXi.UKt stood in his own name and 3000
In regard to the sale of the Kennedy
mining- stock to the trustees by the estate
Judge Scaweil says:
The purchase by a trustee at his own sale, in
the name of & third person, is a fraud upon his
¦beneficiary and the statute does not begin to
run until the discovery by the latter of the
;a<-ts ccr.siitutin* the fraud.
As to the seventy shares of bank stock sold by
the trustees nominally to Henry B. Varney. but
really to Henry H. Pitcher and Thomas H. B.
Vamey. thert; can b# no question that the trust
estate 15 also entitled to that stock, subject to
a credit to the estate of Pitcher and to Thomas
H. B. Varney, respectively, of the amount paid
for the stock. let=s the amount of dividends on
the stock collected by each. The correctness of
¦this proposition Is not questioned by counsel for
th«» trustees, except upon the ground that the
plaintiffs' ciaim is barred by the statute of
limitations.
My conclusion is that the 130 shares of hank
rtor-k in question are a part of the estate of
Tliomaf 1 Vfcmey. deceased. As to the ten shares
purchased by Henry B. Varney from Henry H.
Pitcher, I find that the former, at the time
of hU purchase, had notice of the title of the
*-•».•_•- to the stock and that he acquired do
jrre&ter r'.ifhts than Pitcher had. The estate of
Pitcher. Ttiomas H. B. Varney, Taylor aad
Henry B. Varney should now be charged with
the 120 snare* of stock and credited with the
scnoucts which they paid for the stock, less the
crhount of dividends collected thereon.
It wan therefore the duty of the executors to
have »et <?own th* 139 shares claimed by them
end by Lankan in the inventory which they
f.k 3 ar.d whether mentioned in the inventory cr
pot to have accounted for them.
After the dUtrlfcutler. of the estate to ths
trustee.-, to wit: January C?.. 1SS2. the trustees'
Fold &• (=hare« of Btook of the Bank nf Liver
more bclontr'.nc to the trust estate to Thcmas
H. II. Varr.ey and 19 thares to Henri' H.
P't'"her at flCi T>er share. Th« purchase was
TriB^* in the r.am« of Henry B. Varney. but the
T>urr-hafc*- money for «0 of the shares was fur
, <*h».<l fcy Thorna* H. B. Varney and for 10
rharee by Henry H. Pitcher. The f«ct that the
rt-el rur>:hiJ«TS were Pitcher and Thomas H.
B Carner was conceal *1 from the court anil
Th» brr.efic'.ar;es under the will.
Pitcher. Taylor. I^nran an<S Thcmas H. B.
Varney l-.to. no more rteht after the death of
Thomas Varsey t3 appropriate the stock to their
ov.-n BH than they wouli have had during his
life, without his correr.t. to take the certifi
cates from th<" box !n the safe deposit where he
kept them. V>'hen they tock possession of the
certificates afttr hiK death thej' acquired by
-.hat act no title thereto, but received them as
rxfrc-jtor? t"» trust for the estate.
Ae eoon ts G. TV. Langan received from his
coexecutnrs the certificate for ten shares is-
Fued to him. he <J#*Her€-d the same to Thomas
H. B. Vamey. who assumed the payment of
Lar.gur."!" r.ote to the estate. No transfer of
the ftoclc in Lxnsan's name has ever been made
on the boots of the bank.
These r.ctes. with interest et € per cent per
annum, were paid March 9. 1S9L with money
V-orro-wed from the Banlc cf Livermore. The
r.ote of L&nsan was paid by Thomaa H. U.
Vanity.
At the nine of the delivery of said certifi
cates, as> Just stated, each of the person? to
vh.ctn raid fhares had b~en isFued executed to
tie estate of Thomas Varnty. deceased. hft>
rromle»-cry note, dated March 4. lbM. payable
ore day after date, with interest at the rate
Ot 6 pf-r cent per annum, as follows, vir: H.
II. Pitcher, hts promissory note for 15000; John
T».j ;or. iiis rromigsory note for J1000; O. W.
Z^s-'nge-n. hi? rrotcltsory note for S10G0: Thomas
K. B. Varney. his promissory note for S1000;
Henry 1i. Vamey. his promissory note for tlOOO.
The certificate for 100 chares standing In Mr.
Pitcher's name was thereupon divided and re-
Istued in two certificates — one for *0 Eharee
!a the name of Henry H. Pitcher, and
tbe other for lit shares In the name of
Henry B. Varney. to whom said last men
tirr.ed certificate was delivered.
Instead cl treating <he certificates for the
13(» ehar«rs issued In thoir names as the prop
erty DC the estate of Thorna* Varney, deceased,
• t makjr.g: anvil^cation to the court for direc
tions in the mf.ur, they concluded to treat
the certificates as their own Individual prop
erty.
The entir« amount of the capital stock, to
\rit. tba sua of I1U0.000. was paid in by Thomas
Varney at the time of the incorporation of tha
Lank. The other subscribers contributed noth
ing. They Fifrn^l the articles of incorporation
st the request and merely for the aecommoia
tlon of Thomas Vnrney.
For eone yetrt rrior to December 7, 1SS5.
Ttos:as Varney h*d carried on the business of
l*r.ker in tiie town of LJvernore under the
nsjee of the Bank of LJverrnorfe. At the date
2u»t jcer.tlonea he caused a corporation to be
fonr.ed unSer the sarr.e name by which said
business »as continued. The amount of the
capital rtot-k of trie corporation was the eum of
5100,000. divided into 1000 enare*^of $100 each,
tbe whale ajr.oun! of which was subscribed as
follows: By Thomas Varney, 87w shares; by
H. H. Pitcher, 100 shar**; by Thomas H. B.
Varney, 10 f hares; by John Taylor. 10 shares;
by G. W. Lar.san. 10 thares.
Judge Seawell goes into all of the testi
mony of the case In his opinion. In re-
f arc to the Bank of Livermore stock deal
he says:
Tboma* Varney was probably the most
¦wealthy man in tae Livermore Valley.
vvbea he died, eome dozen years ago, he
left his estate tied up In a trust with H.
H. Pitcher, his confidential man: Thomas
H. 2J. Varney, his nephew, and John Tay
lor, bis friend, as trustees. His estate
coceisved mostly of money, something
ever Slfci.OOQ being th« capital stock of the
Bank of Livermore. The three trustees
were paid a salary to handle the estate
and handled it by putting it all in the
Banl^ of Livermore, where there is nearly
t*uu,WJ on depotlt. The bank then handled
the estate, and H. 11. Pitcher, one of the
trustees, was the president of the bank.
This is not regarded so seriously by Judge
Seawell as he regards the purchase of the
stock of tee bank by the trustees, who
gave their notes on the bank in payment
lor the stock. The trustees also purchased
dining stock from the estate, borrowing
money from the bank to make the pur
chase. Some of the heirs under the will
objected to these acts and brought the
suit through Charles S. Wheeler and A.
J. Treat of Ban Francisco.
Oakland OfSce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 24.
Judge Seawell to-day removed the two
eurviviris trustees of the estate of Thomas
varney, the deceased Livermore capital
ist, and his decision is full of charges of
mismanagement and even direct fraud.
Under this decision John Taylor and
Thomas II. B. Varney are removed, and
action against them for the recovery of
.*,he mismanaged and lost funds will be
taken. The other trustee, H. H. Pitcher,
committed suicide In Livermore during
tie trial of the eaee In which this decision
Is now rendered. Pitcher anticipated
something of this kind by taking his own
lift
Action "Will Be Brought to Becover
the Moneys Unaccounted For.
Jurist Files a Long
Opinion.
Judge Seawell Renders a
Decision in the Noted
Varney Case.
ORDERS REMOVAL
OF THE TRUSTEES
.The victorious Lowell High School foot
ball, team and a number of the alumni of
the school had a banquet last night at the
California : Hotel In honor of the team's
success - on tho < ffrldiron. Thirty.; covers
were laid; i At the close of the banquet a
fold football watch charm was presented
o CharlesTM. ? Fickert. - the> . old k Stanford
guard, who was ¦ the team's coach, and a
cup to Coach Tost; of Stanford, who also
helped 1 to teach ; the Lowell High School
boys football during their season of train.
Lowell Football Team Banqueted.
The will of the late Captain William
Toung Douglass . has been filed for pro
bate. . Decedent bequeaths one-half of
his estate, which is valued at ¦ $12,000, to
his widow, -Maria Douglass, and the resi
due to his children, Elizabeth, Thomas H.,
George C. and "William F. Douglass, Annie
P. McCann, Cornelia Klein and Maria L.
Connell. Frank P. McCann and James E.
Cornell are named as executors. The will,
which bears date of June 13. 1900. was exe
cuted in the presence of Milton 8.- Hamil
ton and Eugene Brian t.
Will of Captain Douglass.
The most Important changes in the pres
ent law will be schedule B, which prac
tically will ,be wiped out and which in
cludes medicines and proprietary, articles.
The tax .. also probably will be removed
from conveyances, mortgages, et,c These
with the abolishment of taxes on express
receipts, telegrams, , bank checks and
some other stamp taxes will,. It Is said,
secure the reduction of $30,000,000, which
is the amount agreed upon by the Treas
ury officials and the committee.
It Is understood that in addition to re
ductions heretofore mentioned, the in
crease of 60 cents per thousand on cigars
will be removed, also that the stamp
tax on steamship tickets will be taken
off, because the revenue received does
not Justify the difficulties of- collection.
Members of the committee have been
asked to remove the stamp taxes on for
eign bills of exchange and bills of lading
and It is possible that that matter may
be reopened.. The tax on parlor car
chairs and sleeping berths will remain.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— The sub-com
mittee of the Republican members of the
Ways and Means Committee held a short
session to-day and adjourned until .Mon
day. The sub-committee has not. yet
completed the draft of the bill, but Is
making progress. It is stated that it is
not, likely that the general outlines
agreed on will be changed before the bill
goes to the full committee unless there is
a great pressure among ¦Republican mem
bers as they arrive in the city.
Special Dispatch to Tfce CalL
Proprietary Medicines, Deeds
and Telegrams May
Be Included.
REDUCTIONS IN
WAR REVENUES
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Maggie R. Salenger against Joseph Salen
ger for desertion, Mary Brown against
Fred Brown for cruelty. Frank!e Gailor
against Edward B. Gailor for failure to
provide*. Emma J. Shayer against Wllllum
H. Shayer for failure to • provide, and
Rosamond L. Currier against Loon G.
Currier for desertion.
Divorce Suits Piled-
"President Wheeler's speech pleaded me
very much. I heartily Indorse everything
he said. — ~
"I fully indorse President Wheeler's re
marks. I believe that following the prin
ciples of democracy is the only way a
college can exist. This has been in my
mind before, but President Wheeler has
given it voice in a delightful manner. We
must work toward this ideal point which
he has placed for us."
J. W. S. Butler, a prominent senior and
business manager of the Californian, took
the view that social distinction as an un
avoidable evil must continue to exist.
"What President Wheeler told us " he
said, "was all proper If it ever could be
made to work. With so many different
kinds of people here from so many differ
ent places it would be hard to abolish so
cial distinction. It seems to me it would
be impossible to ever reach that point
where no social lines were drawn. It
shouldn't be so. but with people as they
now are it cannot well be otherwise."
J. C. Merrlam. associate professor of
palaeontology and historical geology.
Profeesor W. B. Rising, dean of the col
lege of chemistry, agreed with President
Wheeler's ideas. He said:
"It was the most magnificent speech de
livered In my knowledge in the precincts
of the university. It was courageous, fer
vent and sincere. No other distinction can
be countenanced in college but that of
truly manly and womanly conduct and
high scholarship. From what I have
heard the students are with him heart
and soul. For my part, I subscribe- to
every sentence that he uttered."
Frederick Cuttle, president of the col
lege of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation and a junior, had this to say:
"What President Wheeler said is right,
but it is theoretical. Social distinction
does exist here, as in outside places. I
have been thinking over what was said
and believe President Wheeler has fixed
for us an ideal point toward which we
should earnestly work. He was correct,
and what he said was beautiful."
organization. The young men should be
morally the best we have. This has not
always been so and some members in the
tours about the State have given the uni
versity a bad name. Club members should
be carefully selected with regard to their
moral character as well as their voices."
Professor J. H. Senger of the German
department said: •¦ .
Jacobs Appointed.
WASHINGTON*, Nov. 24-Lawrence M.
Jacobs, one of the experts In tha loan and
currency division of the Treasury Depart
ment, has been appointed statistician of
the Philippine Commission. He will pro
ceed to Manila at once.
m ' 1 * \
Pearl Newman. Convicted.
HTJNTTNGTON, "W.' Va. . Nov. 24.— Pearl
Newman was to-day found guilty of mur
der In ;the first degree for the kllllnr of
Actor McCauley. Life Imprisonment vm*
recommended. • - - - - ...-. j
Are Not Correct.
PARIS, Nov. 25.— According: to a dis
patch from Peking to the Havas agency
the rumors that French troops pillaged
tha tombs at filing and Tounllng are In
correct.
Rumors ) Concerning French Troops
car was coming down First street this
afternoon It Jumped the track. Four
women were Injured. Mrs. James Cronln
suffered the fracture of a leg and Mrs. J.'
J. Jenks the fracture of an elbow: Mrs.
Holden's nose was broken, her left arm
fractured and she perhaps sustained In
ternal injuries. Miss' Pldceon, who
jumped from the car, was bruised.
: ¦ , + „.'
DID NOT PILLAGE TOMBS.
Electric Car on the First Street Line
in San Diego Leaves the
Rails. m
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 24.— As an electrle
FOTTB WOMEN INJURED
IN STREETCAR DISASTER
SAN DIEOO. Nov. M^-NetU* Cannon,
the 6-year-old daughter of H. Cannon ox
St Elmo, Lower California, was ghfick
lngly burned eighteen days ago by the ex
plosion of a coal oil stove. Burning oil
was thrown over her and parts of her
body were roasted to a crisp.
St. Elmo has no communication with
the outside world, and the child suffered
untold agonies for eighteen days, until tha
steamer St. Denis called at San Qulntin.
the nearest port. Mr. Cannon took his
wife and family to San Quintin and
thence on the steamer to this port, where
he will get professional treatment for the
injured child.
Has to Await the Arrival of a Steam
ship to Carry Her to Medi
cal Aid. &i£
BURNED CHILD bu±jjmk8
FOR EIGHTEEN DAYS
Return From the Asiatic
Station.
VALLEJO. Nov. 24.— A brilliant gather-
Ing at the home of Mrs. Emily V. Cutts
on Mare Island to-day welcomed Captain
"Jack" Myers. U. S. M. C.and his charm
inc wife, who was Miss Alice Cutts, and
who arrived on the Doric last Thursday
from the Orient. The house was beauti
fully decorated, one of the principal fea
tures being a yellow silk flag of Chinese
troops, which Captain Myers captured
himself In the engagement In which he
received his leg wound from a Chinese
spearman. The occasion also marked a
family reunion, lieutenant Richard M.
Cutts, also of the Marine Corps, and his
bride being guests of honor. The hours
of the reception were from S to 6 o'clock.
Chinese War Hero Welcomed on His
RECEPTION TO CAPTAIN
MYEES AT TVTA-R.-R ISLAND
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— Three favorites
out of five won at Bennings to-day: Summaries:
First race, selling, one mile and EO yards—
Charawlnd won. McLeod of I>are second. Kirk
wood third." Time. 1:*9 4-S.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, maid
ens— Ballantyne won, Flaneur second. Dactyl
third. Time. 1:12.
Third race, selling, steeplechase, about two
and a half miles — Governor Budd won. Clara
second, Bellamy third. Time. 5:29 2-5.
Fourth race. District special, seven furlongs,
heats— Intrusive won first two heats and race.
Death third in first heat and second in second,
•Godfrey second In first heat and third in sec
ond. Time— 1:80 2-5. 1:31 3-3.
Fifth race, handicap, seven furlongs — Speed
mas won. Carbuncle* second. Charentus third.
Time. l:J0 3-5.
CINCINNATI. Not. 21.— The reeulta at New
port to-day were:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Juniper
won, Glenwood second, Fellche d'Or third.
Time. 1:12.
Second raoe. six furlongs, selling— Acushla
won. The Geezer second, Dousterswlrel third.
Time. 1:20%.
Third race, wiling, one mile— Poorlands won.
Soudana second. Assassin third. Time, l:5ltt>
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs— Lady
Strathmore won. Miss Aubrey second, Grandon.
third. Time. 1:1S.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling— Gold Lack
won. The Bronze Demon second, Rey Salazar
third. Time. 1:04^4-
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Marlon Lynch
won, Indian second. Exit third. Time, 1:4914.
EASTERN BACES.
Results of a Day's Sport on Many
Tracks.
Great Northern's President Effectu
ally Sets at Best the Repeated
Rumors.
SEATTLE, Nov. 24.— In a special from
New York City to the Times, signed by
Alden J. Blethen. editor-ln chief of the
paper, the following appears:
"I may say to the people of Washington that
reports tent out to the effect that I have
secured control of the Northern Pacific and
that the Great Northern has guaranteed any
thing for the Northern Padflo — either or both —
are absolutely untrue."
These were the words of James J. Hill to me
«t his office at 27 Pine street. New York City.
Thursday evening. .
Mr. Hill further stated, however, that the
abolishment of the bonding trust which had
controlled the Northern Pacific for several
yearn and was to have extended one year more
by the organization terms, will occur with Jan
uary 1 next, and that the relations which have
recently been established between tha Great
Northern and Northern Pacific companies are
most amicable and satisfactory from every
standpoint.
Mr. Hill further stated that the mutual ar
rangements for union depot facilities and rail
way* terminals in Seattle were progressing most
satisfactorily, no hitch havlnc occurred and
there being no prospects of other than a har
monious settlement of all arrangements made,
resulting In a complete unity of action la
behalf of the union depot scheme.
NOETHEEN PACIFIC WTOT
IN CONTROL OF HILL
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 24,-The attempt
of "William R. Griswold to KJive his sister.
May Griswold. committed to an insane
asylum on Wednesday has resulted in a
suit for $50,000 damages. Miss Oriswold
charges her brother with malicious arrest
and prosecution. She claims that her
good name has been so Injured that she
is not able to obtain employment, not
withstanding the fact that she is an ac
complished musician and stenographer.
Prior to her arrest Miss Griswold was
employed at the candy factory of Bishop
& Co. While at- work there she was ar
rested upon a charge of Insanity pre
ferred by her brother and taken to the
receiving hospital. Notwithstanding the
fact that her brother and her sister. Miss
Eva Griswold, and a number of other wit
nesses swore that she was insane Miss
Griswold succeeded In establishing her
sanity and was ordered discharged. Miss
Griswold claims she was driven from her
mother's home at 152 West Twenty-fourth
street more than a month aso by the
abusive treatment she received from her
brother and sister.
William R. Griswold, her brother, has
charge of the $100,000 estate of his mother.
I Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dollars .Damages.
Prosecution and Institutes an
Action for Fifty Thousand
Outcome of. the Attempt to
Place Her' in an
Asylum.
?
Young Woman Alleges Malicious
GRISWOLD SUED
BY HIS SISTER
During the afternoon the wheelwomea
plodded along. Miss Brandon desperately
In an effort to gain on the leader, but Miss
Gast always appeared fresh and strong.
The scores at the finish were: Miss Mar
puerite Gast. 473.6; Miss Lottie Brandon.
473.5: Miss Jane Lindsay. 460.5; Mi33 Marie
Davis. 4W.S: Miss Emma Bayne,. JSS 15-
Miss May Pethard. 373.
XEW YORK. Nov. 21.— Miss Marguerite
Gast of Brooklyn to-nljrht at -the Cler
mont-avenue r!nk In Brooklyn finished
first In the six-day bicycle race for
women, cne lap separating her from jiiss
Lottie Brandon, who finished second.
at New York.
Finish of the Six-Day Bicycle Race
miss gast tttp. "wrmnia.
Archbishop Chappelle was expected in
Rome about Christmas. He would thus
be In time for the Consistory, unless the
Pope decides to hold it on an earlier date.
His elevation to the sacred college then
Beemed to be a foregone conclusion. Oth
ers mentioned were: Mjrr. Tallani. Nun
cio at Vienna; Mgr. Puzya. Archbishop
of Crakow; M*r. Dall'Ollo, Archbishop of
Benevento; Mgr. Delia Volpo, papal ma
jor domo; Mgr. Gennarl. assessor of in
quisition: Mgr. Tripepl. one of the secre
taries of state, and five foreigm prelate*
The latter were supposed to include names
from the United States.
- One or them said to-day that when ha
left Rome It was understood the Consis
tory would not be held until January and
that then the Pope would probably ap
point at least eleven Cardinals.
Archbishop Corrlgan. he said, was free
ly spoken of about Curia as a likely can
didate, because of the Impression his visit
ad lirnina bad made this year by substan
tial proof offered of the great Influence
and standing of the church In New York,
Besides the Pope was especially pleased
with the fact that from New York alon»
of all the ecclesiastical divisions of tha
church in tho United States, two large- pil
grimages had come to Rome for the Jubi
lee and paid him their special tribute of
devotion.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2J.— Archbishop Cor
rigan Is to be the guest of honor at the
reception at the Catholic Club next Thurs
day evening. Recent advices from Rome
make It take on special significance, al
though at first designated a* the club's
formal welcome to the Archbishop on hia
return from his recent official trip abroad.
Several prominent ecclesiastics have
lately been In this city, many of them re
cent pilgrims from Rome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ception in Hew
York.
at the Catholic Club's Re-
Archbishop to Be the Guest of Honor
Believed He Will Be One
of the New Ameri
can Cardinals.
CORRIGAN IS
IN HIGH FAVOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
PRESIDENT WHEELER WOULD
ESTABLISH TRUE DEMOCRACY
Coroner Cole began yesterday, an . tn-
Quest on the body of Gllmondo Bartolo
mco, who was found , dead last Friday
morniner in Ver Mehr street. After ;the
Jury had been Impaneled an adjournment
wu bad until to-morrow*
33
We have secured the State
'agency for late £. Drey A
tfus & Co. y s famous wines. f
?Most of these wines kavek
'been bottled from 6 to- 8?
'years. Consequently veryt
S'smootky rick and palatable A
Every bottle guaranteed?
p — -if not, satisfactory money?
Full Hue on?
*sale Monday. ' 5
4 Claret qts., doz. $2.5Oi
i . Bottle £5& " \
f Zinfandel qts., doz. 3.00?
/ Bottle EOc. f
0 Cabernet doz. 4.50
» ;¦¦ Battle 40c.
'<;Reislmg doz. 3.25
' Bottle oOc.
)3auterne doz. 5.50
\ ¦ Bottle 50c.
or Port . 3.75
7 ' Bottle ZSo.
Sherry or
j Port Wine doz. 5.50
k Bottle oOo.
vAngelica, Muscatel or
{ Madeira Wine bot 50c
ABelmont Whiskey bot 95c
\ i DistQled 1390. UaHon J4m •
3 Highest type- of Reg. 1.2V. A
American Whiskey. Beg. &50. f
Champagne f
I m&thy* P ints 5°c?
? dozen $5.00 J-
im Market St. S.F. I Shattuok At, Perkoloy \
Yith & Was'h'n. Oak I Central Are, Alameda 9
Uth * Wood. Oak. 1 39 1st Street. San Jose. \
2 : Sevan I dollars a- month, with room and
board, teems to be ¦ the highest stun ', ever
paid ~ to a < waiter girl In • German hotels
and reat*unutfv < gbcjK£SP5
\ Doing a strictly cashj
we are never?
Jafraid to make our prices?
— how different with?
ithe credit stores — buy for?
icash — look up our prices. ?
Creamery f
Butter square 30c
This price permits you to use it even
for cooking. Monday and Tuesday.
Crystalized Citron
; ':' Lemon or ««„ — A -
Orange Peei pOUnd I>C
Extra fancy quality. j*- «£V
Fancy Assorted Cakes
aSSTS?- pound ioc
sell regularly at 15c to 20c
(Cocoa nut Taffy s
Like home-made ,.*.
cakes-vounerer pOUnd IOC
tire of It. Regular 15c
f Fancy Cluster Raisins
J SSr^aTsins. pOUnd IOC
y Absolutely all right.
Malt Extract.
\ 4rSbrnu^ d tiTe dozen $2.00
A ' tonic. L«ibig < a name is world \
f famous for bis beef extract. There ' '
a is a certainty about Leibig'a. t
iPure, California Brandy ,
) ftSSSSSWaobottle 50c' ,
I jjli no stronger I
I than your I
stomach , I
m$%$d0r your stomach if you , I
|p^y|^ use the nejv Digcstor — 1
Ijjf Johnson's , Digestive Tablets I
£,. "PflPOiDS." I• .* ' •
Tho regular monthly musical service
An interesting programme Is promised
for the eveninp of Sunday, December 2, by
the Gesang Verein Harmonle at Teutonia
Hall. Mr. Hermann Gens*, of whom not
so much Is known in San Francisco as
should be known, will be In charge of the
affair and the following programme will
be rendered:
Sangergnis*, "Wahrspruch der Harmonle''..
Hermann Gensg
Ballade fur Mannerchor, "Todtenvolk"
F. Herar
Ari» aus •¦Odysseus" Max Bruch
Violin solo, "Ucmanie und ZIgeun*rtanz"..
Wleniawskl
¦Barytone solo, "Erlkonlg" Schubert
Chorlled , Dreg*rt
<a) "Zieh' hlnaus".
(b) "Dan Manlponharzl."
f-Ied. "Die Lrf>reley" Franx Llazt
Chorlied. Walzer, "LAebesweben" „¦
M. v. 'U'eintiert
The club will be assisted by Miss Mar
garethe Bruntsch, Harry Samuels and
John Plagemann.
Mr. Genss is but a comparatively recent
arrival In California, but his good work as
a barytone of distinction, vocal Instructor,
and as a pianist has already made Itself
felt. His experience has been a wide and
distinguished one. Louis Kohler gave to
the small genius of five or six years old
his first lessons on the piano. Rudorff
Graubau. Kiel. Grell and Taubert all had
a hand In hia pianJstic and theoretic edu
cation, and his last two years of study
were spent with Franz Llzst at "Weimar
To Lamperti and Felix Schmidt he owes
his vocal training and has received deco
rations of all degrees and dzos for his
services to music. He has been director
of the Academic School of Luebeck, court
director of the Royal Music School in
Sondershausen. director of the Mavence
Conservatorium. director of the Klind
worth-Scharwenka Conservatorium in
Berlin, and also occupied for some time
the distinguished position of conductor to
the celebrated Philharmonic Society In
Potsdam.
according to account. The 1 - band Is to be
divided into two sections, the Gianninl
faction to be conducted by Slgnor Mlno
liti and the Channing Ellery set will prob
ably to be under the leadership of Slgnor
Creatore.
The Channing, Ellery crowd, mostly the
reeds and horns— largely recruited from
the old Banda Rossi, by th© way — will go
directly to Philadelphia and there begin
work again. They will retain their title
of the Royal Marine Band of Italy.
The Minolltl-Giannlni faction, who claim
to have absorbed all the soloists,
with the exception of Creatore (over
twenty members all told), will take the
road beginning next Monday evening at
Sacramento.
Setaro. the distinguished harpist, will bo
one of the company: Tavani, the trum
peter: De Xatall, De TItta. the barytone;
Giralomo, Gianninl himself, who sings a
fair tenor, and Minolitl, who Is no mean
piarlKt.
In addition, it Is strictly within the
probabilities that some of the late Azzali
company will be engaged and the organi
zation is to be known by the name of the
"Original Royal Marine Band of Italy."
MUSIC WORLD
BY BLANCHE PRRTINGTON.
•^..p AN FRANX1SCO Is to have
/I A yv mor e Calve, this time to the
\>O<\ tune of one of the most, wildly
y romantic exploits in which even
tf-~^/ this greatest of all Carmens
has ever indulged her passion
ate, picturesque self. The New
York World- tells the story, and besides
Its interest from the world-musical stand
point, San Francisco has been promised
the Calve Carmen next year under Mau
rice Grau's direction, and the other pictu
resque personality in the case has already
achieved a wide renown here, but of the
most ultra opposite character.
It seems- that the diva has been living
in constant fear for mart*- months of an
operation which her physicians have de
clared absolutely necessary for the safety
of her.lifo and health, and Calve is afraid,
pitifully, helplessly', qulverfhgly afraid of
the torture that she pictures with all the
passionate, vivid, lavish Imagination put
to use in her famous impersonations. She
will and she will not bow to the physi
cians' dictum. One day, driven by the
greater fear of an unending 1 ph.ys.lcal suf
ferLng, she. consents to the us=e of the
knife; the next, crazed by an immediate
terror, she withdraws her consent. And
thus has It been for maoy 'lays.
Then Into this atmosphere of tumult and
torture there came stranBe whispers of
yet another way — a whisper that by oc
cult Influences, exercise of faith, submis
sion to certain rules of life, she might be
come whole again, and y there in her
friend's Paris drawing-room was the con
venient prophet of the new 'way, the
Swami Vivekananda, Hindoo monk, hlgh
caste Brahmin and head and front of the
ancient Vedanta philosophy of India. The
drawing-room was that of Mrs. F. H.
LegKett, wife of the New' York grocer,
whose summer, salon in Paris during the
exposition year has been such an. amaz
ing social success. The Princess Deml
doff, one of the social autocrats of Paris,
Is' yet another -figure In the romance, and
"all manner of high-born pilgrims," nays
the "World, found themselves in the "Leg
gett menagerie," drawn thither , by the
lame of the wonderful teacher.
The Swami himself is well known and
well loved in America. He came first to
this country to the "World's Fair, where
of Religions, his magnetic and lovable
his brilliant contributions to the Congress
personality, his keen and" polished Intel
lect and, not least, his picturesque and
majestic figure In Its robe of wonderful
red, made all sorts of favorable impres
sions upon his audiences. The monk was
In San Kranclsco also only this year,
teaching and preaching for three or four
months.
The Swami taught the singer his philo
sophy of life, the spiritual diet— imagine
Calve on a spiritual diet! — and told her
to have faith :ind be cured. The singer
feels a savage faith in anything that
promises to save her from the surgeon's
knife. She says she .will do anything:
undertako a pilgrimage to the sacred
Himalayas, anil the Swami shall lead it!
And that is the latest word of the sing
er's whims. She will go to India by way
of Constantinople, for that is so pic
turesque, and through the Holy Land she
will look so handsome on a camel — then
to India to find freedom from her physical
ills through occult lore and mystic rites.
It is the afterward which chiefly con
cerns us.
Well, Calve has not yet decided the
further programme. Up to date it ends
in India. Japan has been spoken of as a
further point «if pilgrimage, but as to the
life thereafter Calve keeps silence.
Strange if the orilllant career begun amid
the gauds and r.oise and fever of stage
splendors shouid end in the deep tranquil
heart of the Himalayan Mountains! Yet
strunger things have happened In the
mysterious annals of the mo.«t ancient re
ligion known to man. The pressing ques
tion now Is whether. If Calve "gets re
liKion," shall we get Carmen?
The. following clipping concerning the
tour of Mme. Sembrich, v.-ho will be heard
out here in the earlier spring of '01, will
be of interest under present musical con
ditions in San Francisco. The skit Is
taken from the New York Herald of No
vember 11:
Mme. Sembrich will be heading this way from
Kurope within a fortnight, bringing the mem
bers of her opera company with her Tor a tour
ot this country. Hiie is giving a brier opera
season in Berlin, singing "I Purltanl," "II
Uarblere," "Hlffoletto" and "Faust" at th*
new Royal Opera-house, after which she will
give a few concerts In Vienna and Budapest
and then sail for New Tork on November 24
Mr. Uaff ' takes tier In charge, Just as he
did Mme. Gadski, and over the country she
will go. ffh'lng -concerts and operatic perform
ances in those cities that have "that wanting
feeling" for grand opera In Italian.
Mme. Sembrich Is not a. member of Mr
Giau's company this season, but It's dollars
to doughnuts that when the cold north wind
end the icy east wind and all the other kinds
of winds begin to whistle around the Metropoli
tan and play the mischief with some of 3Ir.
Grau's soprani something of this sort will go
over the wires from New York to somewhere:
. C. 1*. Graff, Academy of Music: All my
soprani except Bauermelster have certifl
¦' cates from Dr. Ilolbrook Curtis. Can you
possibly lban me Sembrich for three per
formances? Tell her New . York is dying
to hear her and that they say that she Is
.•the only living Rostna and Gilda. Be sure
to say this and answer, quick, cher ami
GRAU.
Grau, Metropolitan. New Ycrk (collect):
Can't possibly let you have Sembrich. Am
all sold out for two weeks In advance and
m Binghamton and Cayuga they are build-
Ing hemlock board additions to the opera
house to accommodate the best families
from the suburbs. Awfully sorry, old man.
Mayor and , Board of Aldermen have lust
called on her. GRAFF.
"Graff, Academy of. Music: Send me a dis
patch, anyhow, similar to one I sent you
when Gadskl was indisposed on your tour
last season. Make It strong and something
I can show. . GRAU.
Grau, Metropolitan," New York (collect) •
Sorry to hear y^u have illness in your com
pany. Sembrich will be very glad to go
on and take the place of any of your sin
gers. Thanks very much for generous terms
offered. - Will remain at those terms as long
as you like. She Is la superb voice looks
younger than ever. Rtady to slny anything
you like. GRAFF.
Qraff. Academy of Music: Thanks aw
fully. Worked to a charm. Everybody
¦wen. Let me know when I can be of eervlca
to you. . • , GRAU.
1 et another Instance of San Francisco's
unfortunate' effect upon the unity of
musical organizations: The Royal Marine
Band of Italy, which has Just finished a
two'weeks 1 engagement at the California
Theater, -has gone 'to ; pieces here, •• Ilk©
many another Italian company before it—
the recent Azzali and Lombardl people,
for. example. It is an amicable smash-up,
¦ -•-.:•-.--*¦," •¦¦¦¦-.
will be held In St. Dominic's Church,
corner of Bush and Stefner streets,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock. Tb*
programme will includa tha follow
ing': "Dies* Irae" iCherubinD; con
tralto solo, "Salve Regina" (Buck). Mrs.
H. Clark; tenor solo, "Fear Ye Not. (>
Israel" (Buck). J. F. Veaco; soprano solo.
"The Heavenly Message" (Coombs), Misa
Lily Roeder: "Kvrle" and "Gloria." from
"Imperial Mass" (Haydn): "O Salutarl"
(Dubols); "Ave Maria" (Dethier); "Tan
tum Ergo" (Widor). Organist and direc
tor. Franklin Palmer.
Native Daughters.
Last Monday night Orinda Parlor of the
Native Daughters, called the bonton par
lor, tendered a reception and banquet to
the members of El Dorado Parlor of the
Native Sons, in recognition of the many
courtesies extended at the recent celebra
tion held in commemoration of the fiftieth
anniversary of the admission of Califor
nia into the Union. Preceding the ban
quet there was a dance and several num
bers of entertainment. Mrs. Mae Galla
gher, the president of the host parlor,
gave a recitation, Miss Williams [ enter
tained with a vocal solo and S. , Flack
gave a quarter of an hour of ventrilo
quism. One hundred and sixty covers
were set in the banquet hall, where Mrs.
Lena B. Mills presided as toast mistress.
All the members of the ladies' parlor were
attired in*"plnk gowns with black velvet
trimmings.
The local parlors are preparing for
nominations, elections and subsequent in
stallations.
Amapola Parlor of Sutter Creek has ar
ranged for a grand Thanksgiving eve
ball. '• ¦
The following named were the callers
at the office of the grand secretary. Miss
Frakes, last- week: Mips Nona of Alta
Parlor, Miss Tietjen of Golden State Par
lor, Frances Barton of Fremont Parlor.
Grand Marshal Amanda Hammerly and
Cora Hammerly' of Piedmont Parlor.
Mary Waters, Miss Layton and Mrs. Belle
Moller of Las Lomas Parlor. Mrs. I. M.
Kallocli, Mabel O. Benjamin and Dr. Flor
ence Temple of Darina. the parlor of
beautiful girls of the Western Addition,
Mrs. McDonald and Elsie McDonald of
Ema Crockett Parlor. Past Grand Presi
dent Mrs. Belle Wingfield Conrad, Agnes
MoLaughlin and Celia McGuire, San
Francisco.
This lodge will give an entertainment
and dance in Pythian Castle on Tuesday
evening, December 11, in aid of its mutual
benefit fund.
Daughters of St. George.
Britannia Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George had a very pleasant time at its
social given in the Pythian Castle last
week. The programme for the evening
included a piano solo by Mrs. Fannie
Igo; vocal solo, Miss Patrician; recitation.
Miss Rae Brown; cornet duet, the Misses
McLean: fancy dance. Miss S. M. Smith;
vocal selections, Mrs. Igo, and recitation.
Miss Usher. After the programme there
was fortune-telling In a booth by two
English gypsies, Mmes. J. B. Staples and
J. Beauford; a visit to a fancT bazaar,
presided over by Mrs. A. Price, Mrs E
Goss and Mrs. Hewitt, and *o a lemonade
booth, over which Mrs. Norrlngton pre
sided. After that there was a good pro
gramme of dancing. The affair was un
«%.f hp dir £ c ti°n of Mmes. S. Clack, H
Wjlliams. E. Goss. • R. Hewitt, A Price
"£• V' rp ba, P. A. Williams. J. Beauford!
Ruth Meadows, E. Harrison and M
C. A. Hall. F. JT. Bauer. H. C. Jarman.
J. C. Allen, R. Good, M. Cutten, M. de
Lyons. E. Karhart. J. White, A. N. Dol
lard. Mr. Peters, H. B. Ross. L. Forner,
B Marshall, Brown, M. Sprague,
W. Conlln. A. McBoyie. W. Canfleld, C.
Pern'. A. M. Walsh. R. Schord, H. Sexton,
II. Weineer; V. La Motte. C. Trevers,-H.
McLaren, D. J. Smith, P. A. Young. Mr.
Clauson, W. F. Gurney, Charles S. Wells,
Mr.- Cheshire, R. Poss. J. S. Jones, B.
Straus, J. Raymond, Mr. Peterson, Ed.
Lehner. A. L. Jordan, O. L. Blackmail,
J. F. Cook. R. V. .Campbell. M. Meyer,
Mr. H"ineman," G. Tuska, E. A. Black
man. E. Dyor, R. E. Daniels, E. Wales,
J. D. Mahoney, Mr. Foley, M. Ball,
H. L. Morton. H. I^a Matte, A. Cords, J.
A. Ormond. Mr. Flood, F. J. Armay. J.
B. Matlicws. William H. Tliompson, Mr.
Pert hops. John Husing, \V. E. Schord,
George Johnson, S. Biogden, E% T. Cun
ningham. B. WJ Large, George W. Llllie,
T. B. Lawlor.
Miss R. Rals-ton, Miss Bost. Miss E.Har
vie, Miss Be.«s Holmes, Miss O. Hunsaker,
JH:-s IX Van Kirk. Mtss G. Bailey, Miss
L. Htolling; Miss L, Stiller, Miss Noodell,
Miss F. Martin, Miss Harvey. Miss Burn
ham, Miss L. Buck. Miss E. Hallerin.
Mrs. E. Wales. Miss Aliqe Bell. Miss
Hosken, Miss Cushman, Mrs. F. J. Bauer,
Mis? Grubor, Miss Foley, Miss A. Sellon,
Miss M. Fitzpatrick. Miss M. Barclay.
Miss M. Herrin. Mrs. TV. H. Maple, Miss
M. R. Sorbin. Miss A. Merwin, Miss T.
Cleveland, Miss E. L. Heanan, Miss L.
Heanan, Mme. L. H. Sorbier, Miss C.
Sorbier. Miss G. Macpherson, Miss L.
Schwartz. Miss Rotcwski, Miss H. Crock
ett, Mrs. U. Sexton, Mrs. L. A. Taylor.
Miss L. Mousehardt. Miss E. Rotowski.
Miss Rodda, Miss I. Pennington, Miss F.
Wigand, Miss K. Murray, Miss E.
Wigand, ,Mrs. Charles S. Wells. Mrs.
Cheschlre, Miss Crooks. Miss M. H. Sny
der. Miss D. Conroy Miss A. Coney. Miss
A. Murray, Miss S. Meyer, Miss Gall van
Kirk. . • i
In the Future.
in tne tuture. /
The Columbia Minstrel Club announces
Us lirst monthly entertainment and hop.
to be given at Odd Fellows' Hall Friday
evening, November 'Si.
The engagement reception of Miss
Belle Monarch and Abe L. Friedman will
l^e held <>n Sunday, December 2, at 422
Gokkn Gate avenue, between th« hours
of 2 and 5 j>. m.
St. Albnn's Literary and Social Society
will give Its second monthly entertain
ment and dcr.ee at Golden Gate Hall on
Monday evening, December 3.
Sailed Awav
The passenger list nf the steamship
Mnriposa for Honolulu, Pago Pago, Auck
land and Sydney, which sailed on Thurs
day. November 22. was as follows:
Honolulu— W. If. Bailey and wife. Miss
M. H. Bailey and maid, C. Bolte, Ben
Bruns, Charles E. Bryant, Captain B. F.
Chapman. J. K. Farley, C. H. B. Fowler.
E. T. Hall, Mrs. C. Hedemann and child,
F. Hustace and wife, Miss M. Jamieson,
T. S. Kay, James Kidwell, Professor
Koc-bele and wife, Master Kcebele, Fer
gus F. MacWilkie, Miss H. McCarthy.' A.
H. McChesney, Mrs. M. McNamara.tH. J.
Nolte. Mrs. P. Peck, Misrs E. Peck, Miss
M. Peek, Miss S. Peck; Miss Poston, T. B.
Richards and wife, A. Robinson, J. G.
Rothwcll. W. R. Spalding and wife, A. A.
Trucblood. C. M- Walton, wife and son;
MIks L.. Ward. Alex Young. v-; •
Auckland — L. A. Bachelder, wife and
child; A. I. Benedict. Baron Bultzing
slowen, J. Cotter and wife. Miss G. Cot
ter. P. F. Flood, Miss G. E. Flood, James
Horn. Mrs. R. House, James G. Lamb,
James Leslie. Mi?s A. Leslie. F. R. Pack
ham. E. H. Patterson, Mrs. T. E. Toney
cliffe.
Sydney — G. Beals, J. S. Bentley and
wife. E. P. Bevan, T. H. Blackall, Edward
Cave, George CKirkson, James ; Cuming,
Miss Cuming, Wyndham J. Davies, James
Evans. Mrs. M. Flynn and child, Charles
Franklin. C. Gardner., wife and 1 child;
Master Gardner, Charles Garrettson, H: J.
Gerritson. C. C. H. Gibbons, Miss Sarah
Hart, Frederick R. Hogarth. Mrs., H.S.
Howell. Mrs. T. K. James. W. H. John
son, George Knox. Captain Robert
I^urle anrt wife. Stanley LienrmoutTi,
wife and three children; T. W. Lissaman.
Mrs. J. McGinnls, F. McPhail, F. H.
Miller and- wife, R. D. Millet, W. Mitchell.
Alex Molr, Miss O. Moore, R. D. Rlano.
wife and child: Miss M. Robertson, A.
Rofe. R. Ii. Scrutton. Miss C. M. Scrut
ton, V. C. Sharp, W. N. Stace, R. S. Wall,
Mrs. L. N.. Wetzlar, Mrs. M. Williamson.
A. E. ' Witherby, S. G. Wright and wife.
C. G. Young and wife. M. • Zeltner and
wIfe,-A. K. Zimmerman. -.. --
Join at Honolulu for Pago Pago— J. II.
Booth, Mason Mitchell:
Join at"" Honolulu for Sydney— F. R. Dal>
lett. R. Dekin. II. Estinghausen. C. A.
Field and wife, TV. XV. Funge Jr., E. C.
Wilson.
Personals.
Mrs. John McMullln has taken a house
at 141S Sutter street for the winter. Her
daughters, Mrs. McMullin-Belvin nn<?
Mrs. J. C. Hays, are with her and will
be joined later in the season, by Mrs. E.
B. Perrin, another daughter.
Mrs. C. A. Gage left on last Monday's
overland limited for New York, from
which place she will sail on December 1
for a three months' business trip to Paris
and other European fashion centers.
Mrs. Charles Perkins of 1717 Hayes
street has returned from, an extended visit
to London and Paris.
H. R. Lemon of London, England, who
is making a tour of the United States, id
a guest of his sister, Mrs. Onstott of SOS
Geary street. ' '
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Wilson and the
Misses Bessie and Bernice .Wilson and
Alexander Wilson, who have been travel
ing in Europe for the last two years,
have returned. During their absence
they visited the Paris Exposition. "The
Passion Play," besides all the principal
places of interest and historic association
in the Old World. They have taken apart
ments at the Richelieu. :
Miss Tessie - G. Leary sailed ' on the
transport Sheridan for Manila, wheie she
is to.be marrfed to Charles B. Franklin
of that city. She was accompanied by her
sister. Miss Ida, who is tx> act as brides
maid. ¦ - - - ' - ' -¦ * '-'', '-
Mrs. Max Bornsteln of Seattle will re
ceive on Wednesdays In December at
SOS'fc Geary street. .
Mrs. Dr. Mack and daughter have re
turned from their Eastern trip. and are
settled at 1002 Pollt street.
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Pond and S. F. Pond
sailed for, Genoa on the Hamburg-Ameri
can Line express steamship Furst Bis
marck, from New York. November 17.
Aber S. WIester, after a two months*
outing in Nevada, has returned to the
city much Improved in health.
- David H. Lawrence, a mining engineer
of Oregon. Is In San Francisco for the
winter months. .
Mr., and Mrs. .Joseph Schweitzer and
their daughter. Mies Albertina. have Just
returned from a six months' trip abroad.
At the Resorts.
HOTEL METROPOLE— Among the late
arrivals at the Metropole. Catalina
Island, are: P. J. Tourney, Mr. and Mrs.
S. A. Holmes, J. C. Shipp, Mrs. C. P.
Overton, H. T. Hellmann. J. M. Miller,
Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Graham, C. B. Kauf
mann, John R. Cole, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
L. Barrett, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hill. San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Charles H.
Wetherbee, Mr. and Mrs. AVIIliaxn B. Par
ker, Oakland. '
CORONADO — Under the patronage of
the wives, of naval officers at Hotel del
Coronado for the winter a grand ball is
to be given at the hotel early In Decem
ber.
Mrs. William . Kneedler, wife of Sur
geon Kneedler. U. S. A.. medi
cal, adviser to the Philippine Commission,
accompanied by her > daughter, are at
Coronado, guests at - the hotel.- Mrs;
Kneedler has recently purchased one of
Coronado's most desirable ocean boule
vard properties and expects to remain
here until her husband returns from
Manila.
Mrs. Lockett, wife of Colonel James
Lockett, U. S. A., now on duty in the
Philippines, left on Thursday, en route to
Manila \ : . ' ... / r <. : "—..¦¦¦
Graeme -Turnbull -of Baltimore and
bride, .formerly Miss Helen Healy of
Coronado, left for Ban Francisco Thurs
days, en route to tho groom's Eastern
home. ' • •¦
F. W. ; Graham and bride of San Fran
cisco ~ are on a wedding - trip through
Southern. California and are at present
guests at this resort Mr. and Mrs. Gra
ham gave a very pretty dinner party Sun
day for'Prqfessor Graham- of the San
Diego Normal School faculty and Miss
Florence : Derby, whose, engagement hau
Just been' announced.-
Among the naval officers and their fami
lies at Hotel del Coronado for the season
are: Rear Admiral Kautz, Captain. P. H.
Cooper, Lieutenants M. C. Gorga«,.C. S
Williams, 1 Burgeon D. C. ' Lewis, .Pact As
sistant Surgeon Kindleberger, all . of th«
U.-S/B. Iowa; also Captain W. W. . Mead
and Lleutenants^-W. ¦ S.} Hughes of the
U. S. S. Philadelphia. -
General Churchill gave a very pretty
The Nullum Nomen Club 'had a most
enjoyable opening at their rooms at the
comer of Sutter and Powell streets, Sat
urday evening, November 10. Among
those present were: Misses E. Crowe. F.
Hewitt, A. Bell. Tillle Green, I. Turpln,
M. Pearson. E. Gutter, C. Hartman,
Katie Brower. Renie Dowd, K. Lyons/ M.
Bryant. F. Lopes, M. Maloney, L».
Reynolds; Mesdames J. Hope, Gutter,
Alex Green, A. Dowd; Messrs. E. M.
Cushman. Antonio Davis.' I. .Lyons. A.
Tannlen. G. Rihders, A. Schiller, A. Ber
ry. P. Jones, Carl Becker. S. L. Reed, E.
Schoenwald. J. Fernandez, L,. Gutter. E3.
de- Valle. F. M. Young. M, Lagansky, F.
Burns; D. Harris. S. Hartman. H. Hook,
T. Foley. Dr. McLaren. E. v Darbln, E.
Kelly, M. Chapllal. F. Berryessa. G.
Olivo. G. Danningberg, W. Trengrove. H.
Ofuna. G. West. A. W. Eyre and Profes-
Bor Dingle. The officers of the club are:
Mrs. Rennie Dingle. Miss Delia Green,
Miss Maud Salisbury, Miss Gertrude
Venn, Miss Jennie Bell. '
The members of the Los Amlgos Club
opened their fifth season in Golden Gate
Hall last Saturday evening, November
17. R. E. Mooney' was floor manager
and was assisted by A. N. Maginis.
Among those present were: B. M. Jones,
L. H. Stewart. H. J. Van Kirk. I* E.
Delano, J. 1>- Frisbee, J. F. Hosken. R.
E. Mooney, W. S. Thompson. J. Baptista,
A. N. Maginis, Roy Gurney, F. D. Hall
The Bachelors' Club held their annual
vaudeville entertainment and dance Wed
nesday evening. November 21, at Union
Square Hall. The affair was well attend
ed and an enjoyable programme rendered.
The floor was in charge of B. P. Gleason,
assisted by D. I*. Aronson and a commit
tee composed of Messrs. I. Senna, E. Wil
son and W. Sloan.
Among the invited guests were: Mr.
and Mrs. A. D. Splivalo, Mr. and Mrs.
K. Keanner, Mr. and Mrs. P . Baily, Mrs :
F. Portener, Mies Estelle *5pllvalo. Mis:s
P. Dryfus. Miss J. Russel. Miss H. Prus
so. Miss N. Russel. Mies H. Prusso, Mi.«
Irene Splivalo. Miss M. Powers. Miss A.-
Bailey. Miss A. Dobson, General S. C.
Keg. D. J. Martin. R. *E. Donde and fam
ily. E. Richet, L'. Aurroechea, A. D.
Splivalo Jr.. C. L. Ricketson. W. A. Baily.
P. Padella^ T. Furtado. C. Mettle, R. Es
comea, E. R. Splivalo. A. Johnson, W.
King. E. Frankquilan, Masters O. and H.
Splivalo. ¦ -'
The Majesties held their second assem
bly of this season and the ninth since
organizing, in Red Men's Assembly Hall
on Wednesday evening. The affair was a
grand success. The nail was crowded and
the many beautiful gowns worn by the
young ladles added a very pleasant ef
fect. The grand march was led by Mi»s
Allen and Mr. William McKee. Among
those present were: Misses E. -Walcom,
N. Foley, E. McKee, L. Martin, G. A.
Stolz. E. Pollard. M. Erb, H. G. Murphy,
M. Kyne, A. Sullivan, A. Llurphy, N.
Erb. iL Malone. M. O'Brien, ML Healy.
A. Emowald, K. O'Brien. B. Gothing. E.
Mifnch. K. Walsh, B. Kolberg. J. Keesinp,
R. Salinger, M. Stolberg. B. Stoltz, C.
Jaguar, Mrs. J. G. Hardy, and Mrs. L.
Munch: Messrs. William F. Harris. James
Doherty. Thomas Harris. G. Cavanaugh.
E. C. Stenberg, H. Foley. J. A. Geddes.
F. W. Seyfersh, John J. Kyne." H. Dow
den Jr.. Ed. L Swith. Edward F. Fay, A.
H. Coblelgh. James OUism. L Dorr, F. M.
J. Kelly, J. Turley. C. L. Puttman. L. II.
Kail, H. A. Dempsey. Dr. Joseph F. Rich
ards. T. A. Dougherty. P. J. Morrow, J.
Q. Hardy, F. Kelleher. W. Crowell,
George Harris, N. A. Drayeur, C. F. Ad
ams. J. Odgers. T. McGrath. C. P. Skelly.
A very enjoyable entertainment Was
given by the "Scaniss Club" at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Splivnlo. on
Washington street, Saturday evening last.
The dining-room was made additionally
attractive by a tasteful arrangement of
evergreens and the club colors. On the
mantels were grouped bunches of smilax,
while in the vase3 that found places on
the supper-table were fresh-cut flowers,
among which the fragrance of roses pre
dominated. The evening was devodted
to music and dancing, the "Scaniss Quar
tet" furnishing an excellent programme."
An appetizing supper was served at mid
night, and the guests did not depart till
the early hours of the morning.
Club Parties.
Among those present were: Mr. an<l
Mrs. Jacob Meyers. Mr. and Mrs. Jacob
Strauss, Mr. and Mr?. Israel Belasco, Mr.
and Mrs. Julius Jacoby. Mr. and Mrs. Au
gust Eggert, Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Milly.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lille, Miss Rebekan
Strauss, Miss Irma Lille, Miss Mary Cro
chat. Miss Bertha Strauss, Miss Allion
Meyers, Master Louis Lille, Master Abie
Meyers. J. J. Applegate, Michael Strauss,
Marcus Straus*.
A very enjoyable party was given last
Saturday evening at the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. P. F. Bennett, 51ti Ellis street,
in honor of the birthday of Mrs. Bennett.
A pleasant evening was passed and at
ll:3'i o'clock a delightful supper was
served in the banquet room. Many toasts
were responded to in a very • happy
strain. These present were: Mr. and
Mrs. P. IN Bennett. Mr. and Mrs. I.
Sgier. Professor and Mrs. Roecker, Miss
T. Riohter, Mr. and Mrs. A. Winter. Miss
B. Maytr.Mlfs T. Slayer. L. Mayer. Mr.
and Mrs. C. Pan«?hurn, Mr. an-.' Ivirs. E.
Hodklns. F. Hodkins. Mrs. H. Schelber..
Mr. and Mrs. A. Haubert, Mr. and Mrs G.
Xoltz. Mr. and Mrs. P. Anthes, B. Anthes.
F. IV. Ellis. Miss J. Anthes. Miss E. An
ihos, Ed Livermore. A. Livcrmore, -M.
Jordan, L. Jordan. S. Jordan. E. l>ebru'o.
F. Shcrmr.n. A. Mayer. T. Randall. Miss
I* Fc-irtcorn. Miss C. S. Robinson. Miss
G. Robinson. Miss I,. Robinson. Mrs. A.
lying, Mihs L.. Anthes.
On ihe evening of Saturday. November
17. a ploarant surprise party was given to
Miss Jennie Conway at the residence of
her parents. 413 Douglass street. A pleas
ant evening was spent in dancing and
games, after which supper was served.
Those present were: The Misses Alice
Gaffney. Norma Daley. Emma Hoenlg,
Mamie Johnson. Edna Johnson, Henrietta
Stelljes. Alice Ornott. Maye Fisher, Ethel
Winter. Isabel Arnott. Lizzie Gleeson,
Pearl Allen, Gertrude Hoennig. Viola Win
ter. Bess Ruhert, Hazel Hornlein. and
Masters Ambrose Brown, Tom E. Darcy,
Norman Nichols, Ray Gleeson, John
Darcy, Harry Pitcher, Walter Canty. Carl
Otto. Roy Jeffries, Ray Kern, Milton
Dibert. Jack Brown, Charles Meyer, Nor
man Morgan.
A pleasant surprise party was held at
the residence of Jacob Meyers, on Wednes
day evening. November 21. the date of his
thirty-eighth birthday. J. J. Applegate,
upon being appointed toaslmaster, deliv
ered an impromptu toast replete with ap
propriate witticisms. Israel Belasco gave
a humorous recitation, Master Abie Mey
ers and Miss Alllen Meyers (af, r cs fight
and seven years, respectively) gave a
beautiful exhibition of fancy dancing,
which elicited much applause, and Jacob
Meyers sang "Old Kentucky Homo" in his
usual quaint and happy style. After an
evening of unusual enjoyment the exer
cises concluded by all joining in singing
"Auld Lanu Syne."
Maurer. Nettie Willets, Myrtle Anderson.!
Lillian Hurtzig. Olive Hurtzig. Laura
Custcr. Stella Levy, Stella Blanchfifl 3.
lvel Slbley. Edna Wackenhuth. Myrtle
Thomas. Marie Korkorinc; Ernest West.
Harry Willet?. Arnol Willets, Warren
Curter and Chester Pries.
IN SOCIETY'S REALM
Mr. and Mrs. J. TV. Baston were the re
cipients of a very pleasant surprisa party
given by their many friends on Saturday
evening. November 17. The evening was
very pleasantly spent in frames and danc
ing until midnight, when all adjourned to
the dhiing-room, where a bounteous
rprcad was' partaken of. The following
were present: Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bas
mn. Mr. and Sir*. W. Gibson. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Rossi. Mrs. • Stone. Mrs. Miller.
Mips Smith. Mrs. Bymrs, Mr. Bymrs, Mrs
Kalen. Miss E. Gibson.- Miss "M. Miller,
Miss II. Brown. Miss N. Baker. ML«s R.
Baker. Miss A. McN'Iff. E. Roberts, E.
» hamberlaln. William Gibson. F. Crickett.
B. Bouham. C. Stone. J. Burnett, J. Rossi,
A. Baker, IS. Rossi and T. J. Baston.
A Jolly crowd of boys and girls attended
a. HaHowoen party given in honor of Misg
Helen Campbell at her home on Haight
street Wednesday evening, October 31.
The evening was spent in games and
other amusements. At 11:30 an elaborate
supper was served. Among those present
were: Miss Helen Campbell. Leonard
Clark. Miss E. Murphy. Dr. !V>lph
Nealon Jr.. Miss Margery St. Clair, Gus
Williamson, Miss Viola Beck, Elmer
Mayo, Miss Lizzie Spear. George Hay
worth. . Miss . Xeta Murphy. Stanley
Thompson Jr.. Miss Anna McDermott.
Tercy St. Clair, Miss Juanita Howard
"Walter Bowling, Miss Cassie Murphy
Clarence Curtie. Miss Gertrude Nealson,
Harry Lambert, Miss Agnes Jaurice'
George Wheeler. Miss Alice Knox and
Clifford Patterson.
A theater party wa» given by Miss
JuJi^t IJbeson at the Grand Opera-house
on Thursday evening. November 22. prior
to her departure for Europe. Among
those who enjoyed the opera were: Miss
J. Libeson. Mr*. I>jhe8on, Miss Leonore
I>oaien!coni. Miss Grace Cameron. Miss
Sylvia Scalmanini, H. Libeson, A. B. Klm-
Imll. V. T. Page of Chicago and A. B.
Thirsty.
A pleasant time was passed Tuesday
right. October SO. nt Miss Eva Pries' resi
dence. 630 Webster street. The evening
was spent in playing games, dancing and
music and telling ghost stories. Miss
Nrttl* Decker personated a witch and
toM the jruests* fortunes. j
The invited guests w»»re: -The Mis«es
Nettie Decker. Adeline Decker. Georgina
Hauf*\ Mildred McKinna, Ethel Harrison,
Virginia Lamb, Sera Burdlct, Emma
Home Gathering's.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph R. Van of Berke
ley announce the engagement of their
onughter. Miss Jennie Van, to Harold
Leon Atkinson of Berkeley. Miss Van is
a charming young 6ociety lady of Berke
ley, while the groom-elect is well known
• •n both sioVs of the bay in business and
poc-ial circles. lie is connected with the
Jirm of Atkinson & Needham. The wed
ding will take plax:e in the near future,
though no date has yet been set.
The <":igraeem*>nt has been announced of
l-iilie EL Woodward of Seattle to Edward
H. Wahrman of San Francisco, former
steward of the steamer Alliance.
wedding Bells.
Gecrge E. I-awrence of Lodl and Miss
Kmelia Jones, daughter of Mrs. Catherine
.Tones and the late Dr. William Jones,
were married Wednesday evening, Xo
vornbor 14, at the home of the briue's
mother. 1136 Guerrero street. The Rev. P.
V. Lynch of St. James performed the cer
emony. Only the relatives of the family
were present.
A very quiet but pretty wedding oc
curred on November 10 at St. Mary's Ca
thedral, the contracting parties being
Miss Alma A. Kaerth and Howard B. Pe
terson. The bride was attended by her
lister. Miss Blanche Kaerth of Sacramen
to, and the groom by Charles W. Green
cf this city. Immediately after the cere
mony the party repaired to the future
home of the bride and groom, 136 Fifth
avenue, where a reception was held. They
v.lll be at home to their many friends on
the first Thursday of each month.
They're Engaged.
x_-«»--f HE opera still continues to be
J" the objective point around
fl 1 which all social doings gather.
(V 1 There have been opera parties
\^~-^y galore durirp the past week.
While in majiy cases tho par
ties have been preceded by a
dinner, the rule has been supper after the
performance. ....r.
The Doctor's Daughters will hold their
fourth annual CoH show in the maple
room of the Palace Hotel on Thursday
r.nd Friday. December C and 7.
The patronesses— who are Mrs. Clark
Crocker, Mrs. KL aror Martin. Mrs. Wil
liam G. Irwln. Mrs. Henr>' J". Crocker,
Mrs. Joseph S. Tob!n, Mrs. Henry Payot.
Mrs. L. L. Baker. Mrs. William P. Fuller
end Mrs. J. Downey Harvey— have been
¦elected as judges in the various competi
tions, and the committees which have
be< n appointed are as follows:
Model dolls— MIfs Susie McEwen. Mrs.
A. S. Tubb.v and Mrs. Daniel Drysdale.
Fish pond— Mrs. Charles \V. Slack. Mrs.
Guthrie. Mrs. LiKda. H. Bryan and the
Misses McMillan.
Refreshments— Mrs. Samuel Buckbee.
Mrs. Wakelieid Baker and Miss Kather
ir.e Dillon.
Decorations— Mrs. Hyde. Miss Margo
and Mrs. Bryan.
SaJable do'.ls— Mrs. Frank D. Bates.
Any kindly disposed persons desirous of
aiding this deserving charity can send
dolls to Mrs. Bat*»s at her residence. 2932
Clay street, where they will be dressed If
they have not been supplied In advance.
Mrs. Bates' assistants are Miss Mareo,
Mrs. Jaraes Alva Watt. Miss Hyde. Mrs.
Marshall Hale and Mrs. J. Eugene Free
man.
One of the features of the show this
year will be a miniature dollhouse of six
rooms, which has be*n fitted up by Mrs.
J. Stow Ballard. Mrs. John Flournoy and
Miss l>ouise Bruce. It is complete in all
appointments and lighted with the tiniest
incandescent electric lijrhtF that are made.
The officer! of the Doctor's Daughters
are: Mis.« Susie McEwen. president: Miss
Jennie Biair. first vice, president; Mrs. J.
titow Bailard. second vice president: Mrs.
A. S. Tubbs. treasurer; Mrs. Fc-nnimore.
corresponding secretary, and Miss Louise
Bruce, recording secretary.
The other members are: Mrs. Frank
Bates, Miss Bruce. Mrs. Bowman-Flsh
l>ack. Mrs. E. A. Belcher, Mrs. Linda H.
Bryan. Mrs. Samuel Buckbee. Mrs. W. R.
Ourif-ss Jr.. Mrs. M. D. Brown. Miss
Kcth^-rir.e Dillon. Mrs. Daniel Drysaale.
Mrs. G. de J_atour. Miss Jessie Fillmore,
Mrs. John Flournoy. Miss Gertrude Goe
iv.A-. Mrs. Fred Gro^en, Miss Greenwood,
Mrs. WakenrJd Baker. Mrs. Rouben Hale.
Mrf. Marshall Hale. Mr6. George B. Som
ens. Miss Hyde. Mrs. Ed Horton. Miss M.
V. McMillan, -.iiss Margo, Ml^s Emma
McMillan. Mrs. Daniel T. Murphy. "Miss
Alice Owen, Mrs. Louis H. Long. Mrs. J.
J >. McKee. Mrs. I>-iura Roe. Mrs. Samuel
Knight. Miss Spinney. Mrs. Charles W.
Slack. Mrs. F. W. Tallant, Mrs. Wallace
L Terry. Mrs. Charles Tuttle, Mrs.
Chauncy R. Wlnslow and Mrs. James A.
Watt.
dinner party Tuesday in honor of Rear
Admiral and Mrs. Kautz.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis E. Bacon, promi
nent In the social life of Boston, have re
turned to Hotel del Goronado for their
sixth season. ,
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Danlelson of Boston
are among the late arrivals of note at
Hotel del Coronado. . - - • _
Mrs. and Miss Giles and Mrs. C. E.
Mackay of London' are here for the sea
son.
Mr. and Mrs. Blagrave of London and
party have returned to Coronado after a
six months' visit to their home. Mr. and
Mrs. Blagrave spent la. c t season at Coron
ado— guests at-the hotel. • «
Walter Hamlln Dupe<? of Chicago and
bride, who was Miss Agnes Kennett, are
among- the many bridal couples sepndlng
November at this resort. ' ". .'-.*• V
Mr. and Mrs. Bartlett Richards are
prominent Denver people at Coronado for
the. winter months. ' ; v
Mr. and Mrs. James P. Gardner and
family, who are prominent ' In the social
life of Chicago, have just returned from
Europe and taken. a cottage at Coronado
for a six months' stay.
Governor Yates of Illinois and Mrs.
Yates. on an extended Pacific Coast trip,
are expected to arrive at Coronado during
the present week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
34
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, A
K^^ 7 AND WASHINGTON* STS-RE*
gBB CHICHCJTER'S ENQU8M
pENHYROYat PHIS
| Cam llle .j
I D .* Arville I
-- .¦ ¦'¦¦¦¦¦> . - , ¦ ¦ . «p
<H came into our store recently jfi
jjj * and purchased a Sohmer piano ¦ v - • ' fl*
jj for her .home jj
* She knew Its worth, she knew its merits, U|
i'l\ and while perhaps other pianos had received j*j
% her public approval during, her professional '
•JJ career, when it ¦ citne to buying an iiutru- iM
ment for herself, for her home, she selected !#
«, the Sohmer, "even as you pnd I.". . .a!
S " *¦- - '"• '¦ '"¦•"- ''¦ ¦ ¦ •-• -w
| Byron Mau zy $
¦m Sole A^ent of Sohmer Piano* $
ft 3OS-O12 Post St San rranclto- U>
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A.-W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
bulldlnr. 1170 Market st.. cor. Taylor, roomj
28-29. with the electric needle without pain or
•car. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The greatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by maklne the *k!n firm.
It renders the skin soft. ;
smooth, clear, white and r™"™""^sTJ^*^™"""
youthful and cur^s Poison fRHSSflki jfc>»
Oak and Eczema. It is a , JBZr<&J*w~!3m
liquid. Any cream of th» zfra&yi^Zgk
consistency of butter will JB1S3 1 ** » SiKr
stimulate the growth of W&ffW S'^JS WS
hair on the face. Urah- Tj<fc? j! *JsJ«V
man Toilet Cream Is iiHB& "*^BSBm?
guaranteed not to Uo so. jS)L "***^'
Price 25c. Brahman tK^^wSslSMrV
Tooth Powder, I5c. All |lV>*Bgy^Sr ,f*_
druKitists and at office of "~"*^^^ '
A- W. TRAVERSE. M. D. Large stock always
at J. s. Potts' Drue Co. •
SPECIAL DISPLAY SALE OF
Brahman Toilet Cream and Brahman
. . Tooth Powder This Week at the
CENTRAL PHARMACY,
ti.'W. Cor. Ellis and Larkln Streets.
Ladies' Tailor J 22 and 24 Grant Ave.,
and Importer, [ Near Market St.
Made to Order cwJ*i- :
SILK LINED THROUGHOUT. All* the new
styles, including a distinctly NEW HABIT BACK, to
be shown here this week for the first time. The - Silk-
Lined Suits at $32.50 will be cut, made and fitted by
the same skilled Jiands that do my highest cost work-.-
and with precisely the same care; perfect .fit
guaranteed. . ', . ' "' ¦
Grey
Hair
Restored
TO ITS NATURAL COtOR WITHOUT TH3
use of a dye. and without ths slightest In-
Dermatologist,
T8 and 8O GEARY STREET.
SAX FRANCISCO.
MRS. NETTIE HARBISON
FREE TRIAL POT
Ladles out of town sendlnsr this ad. and IPc In
•tamps, will receive my book of Instruction*
and a trial pot of Lola Montes Creme. and a
box of face powder FREE.
SUPERFLUOUS
LI A S D Thiat greatest of all dis~
r^ £A « |^ fignrements of a wo-
¦ ¦ ¦» ¦ ¦ 1 man's face, permanently
removed, in the only successful way
-with tho ELECTRIC NEEDLE, n<
operated by Mn. Harx-isoa.
Warts. Freckles, Moles, Pimples
and Wrinkles quickly removed under
my personal treatment at my Der*
matological Parlors.
the preat afcjn food tissue builder and beaut!-
fler. My own clear complexion ar.d healthy skin
Is dae to Us use. 75 cents.
LOU .MOHTEZ GREME,
4-DAY HAIR RESTORER
is not a dye, leaves no sediment or stickiness,
and can be used without fear of after effects.
It Is cleanly to use, and restores grey cr fadei
hair to its natural color and gives It tho bril-
liancy and luster of youth. One Dollar a bottle.
Latest Fortrail
To all who purchase a bottl« of Mrs. X*t:i<»
Harrison's 4-day Ha'.r Restorer. .a single tr»ai-
ment will be given FRKE. One treatment la
sufficient to give the. hair- Us natural cotor.
SFREE
THIS
_.WEEK.
Mrs. Nettle
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SfiS^ VEsEilSiiliir / "I have been troubled with female weakness in its ™rxt form. SI
KKi'J^ £w8$m$W I T also had inflammation of the womb and ovaries, and at men- fa
Kf| MMmW // strual periods I suffered terribly. At times my back would ache very g
-^^^Pr /A hardTcould not lift anything or do any heavy -work; was nor |
M able to stand on my feet. My husband spent hundreds of dollara |
Wif for doctors but they did me no good. After a time I concluded to 1
m^P^P^YK JMM try Lvdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and I can truly say §
rSi^^V \v \l Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Gompoztna |
Ft Hk^^W//ldSi te s perfect medicine for women v/ho arc ill. j|
1 11 IlliW^^^PlSS it builds up tho weakened female orgzxhm, g
and bslps women over th hard p/acss. Of g'
M^^^^^^l ]\l f Ifl this there Is abundant proof * g
S^^^^^^^k \\ MRS * AMOS FESCHLER, Box 236, Romeo, Mich., writes: j
mJP^^^B^^^ I! "Dear Mrs. Pinkham :— Before I commenced to take your J
ra^m@HBHLJ^^ II mpdicine 1 vras in a terrible state, wishing myself dead a K ood
M^^^^^^^ I many times. Every part of my body seemed to pain in some vray U
m^m^^^^ 1 At time of menstruation my suffering was something terrible 'I |
SSV^I^^ig I thought there no cure for me/but after taking several bottles |
m&Wmffis&SHB I of Lvdia E. Pinkham's VcRetablo Compound all my had feeling g
1 1 were gone - l am n °— n and enjoying gOOa heaIth * l SCUil £:
I Don't experiment. If you aro sfclt, get I
¦hhI^ this medicine, vshtch has cured a misJlcn p
inMHRS^HiS 1 1 women, sind get Mrs. PSnkhsm's freo advice. t
Wm^^^^^mL 1 Her address is Lynn, Mass. All letters are i
iraailii 1 1 opened, read, and answered by women. ,. j
MR5 ' ELIZA THOMAS, 634 Pine St., Easton, Pa., writes: |
HkI^^^^^P^«^^I 1 "I doctored with two of the best doctors in the citv for two rT<
k^-^ vears and had no relief until I used the Pinkham remedies. My r
ISmffiilKSW^ffl j^ggu trouble was ulceration of the uterus. I suffered terribly, could 1 not f£
av^^^S^^Sl^ m^ 5^ sleep uiirhts, and thought sometimes that death would be such a ~~
ESU^MI^&^^^bS^^ -y^S^ relief To-day I am a well woman, able to do my own work, and
HJ^t^^^^w^A^^^f^ "ave not a pain. I used four bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable g
8nHH9sffiiSSy^»§ Compound and three packages of Sanative Wash and cannot praise &
1 '-^^ LYDIA E. P1KKH AMI'S VEGETABLE COMPOUND £
a " -- J ' J: -'- TJ Always Cures Female Troubles. g
1 1>"^^> if-'^^i* 'fifffr
Mrs. Nettie Himsia'iThe excursion of E";ks to Honolulu for
the purpose ef instituting a lodge of th«
prdcr at that place will leave this city
Kther In January or February of next
rax. It Is expected that Grand Exalted
Ruler Fisher will institute the lodge. Ar
ranffexnec** have been made for a low
rate cf transportation for the round trip,
md the ar.r.cur.cement cf this has Inspired
i large number of San Francisco Elks to
icsource their intention of making a trip
?o the parcdise of the Pacific. A report
Irca the Islands is that all is ready for
the institution whenever the officers- ap
pear to do the work, and after the cere-
Bcnies Ui« islanders "won't do a t'ing to
em."
Messrs. Frank Slme and Wheelock of
:he local lodge left for the East last week.
x> be absent six weeks.
Fifty members of the lodge in Vallejo
;ave eigniSed their intention to attend
;he memorial service in this city.
Rtdlzcds Lodge held Its first social ees
fion !r. Pythian Castle on the night of
:he 2lst inst. under the direction of F. G.
rerand. M. H. Fitzslmmons. G. S. Gard
ier ar.d Paul W. Moore. It was voted a
treat success.
Oakland Lodge new has about 350 mem
jcrs and is EtilT initiating. This lodge will
jold memorial cervices in the Macdonough
Cheater. The committee has prepared an
jnusually fine programme.
Vallejo Lodge at its last held meeting
r.itiau-d seven strangers. It now has a
Eembership of 125.
The lodge that has been organized In
Santa Ro?a will be instituted during the
nonth of January.
R. Jor.es. the witty secretary of San
Diego Lodge, is out of the State for sev
eral Tre«=-ks and Thomas J. Dowdell has
>e*>n acting for him during his absence.
F"rom a printed circular sent to absent
nembers, detailing: a meeting and the so
la! sess-ion that followed, he proves that
he lodge has found a Jewel of a wit, who
»ids fair to discount the regular secre-
Mattera In Elkdom in the Mill City are
till booming. Stockton Lodge i initiated
nvo eligibles last Tuesday and received
lour petitions. Senator A- E. Muenter is
iie second member of this lodge who has
»e«n granted a life membership certlfl
tate. There are others who will receive
fuch certificates. The entertainment
fommittee Is planning a surprise that will
ve declared In the latter part of January.
Among the Druids.
Noble Grand Arch Henry Lange, who
recently returned from his trip to Port
end. Or., paid an official visit to Vasco
la Gama Grove in this city last Monday
tight. He was accompanied by Deputy
Srand Arch Jules S. Godeau, Grand Sec
retary Graves. Supreme Herald James F.
Hartinoni. and Past Noble Grand Arches
rier.ry A. Chase and Judge G. H. Bahrs,
facob Nickels, grand trustee, Past Noble
Arches W. B. and A. M. Armstrong,
The Elks.
At no tira« in the post five years was
there ever a more select cssemb!ag» in
the Mission Parlor Hall than thero wu
last Wednesday night oh the occasion of
the tenth party given by the Eschschott
zlas of the Mission dlstrlctX Th}s one. like
previous parties of this organization wa*
in every way a success. The attendance In
consequence of the Increased demand for
Invitations, the functions being stnutly
Invitational and the members personally
responsible for those Invited, was very
large, the music was charming- »nd the
programme evenly balanced with modern
dances. There were about one hundred
couples In the gTand march led by Floor
Manager J. D. Richardson and Alias M.
O'Brien, a young lady of most attractive
appearance. A. C. Kuper was assistant
floor manager and the others who as
sisted In making the function the leM^nt
ful one that It was were: B. Perry, H.
Tlovre and J. E. McKeany, the floor com
mittee; C. DowIIng. L. R. LJndsey and
George Harvy, the reception committee,
and G. H. Burges, H. Schwlnd an.l J. C.
li&demann. the arrangement committee.
The Eschscholtzias.
Fresno Lodge since last September In
itiated eighteen strangers, reinstated four
and has now twenty-two approved appli
cations. The average are of the new
member^yis 28 years.
Prosperity Lodge had a social night iast
Thursday in the Alcazar building. There
was a large attendance of the mem
bers and of their friends, who were de
lijrhtfully entertained. This., lodge is still
taking in candidates and n«w has twenty
applications in the hands of the several
Investigation committees.
There was an open meeting last Thurs
day night of Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the
D«-gree of Honor in Red Men's Hail on
which occasion there was an excellent mu
sical and llierary prorramme and a dance.
Grand Recorder C. T. Spencer was. the
master of ceremonies.
Last Monday night tne extension com
mittee paid a visit to Magnolia Lodge in
the Red Men's building-. Tnere were pres
ent a large number of the membership
and a good representation of ine commh
tee and of district deputies. There were
intrestlng addresses by Grand Master
Workman Snook. Grand Recorder Spen
cer. Colonel Molloy. secretary </f the com
mittee; Major Blackman, Captain Mc-
Pherson and a number of prominent mem
bers of the order. The grana master
spoke on matters bearing on the order
and Its advancement, explained that the
order had distributed io its members cir
culars favoring the amendment to permit
the Stanford University to acquire certain
properties, not as a political move, but
as a measure to assist mat which will add
Jo the educational facilities in the State
During the e\-enlng the lodge distributed
cigars and a lunch.
Golden West Lodge of the Potrero was
visited on the night of the 17th inst. by
membcrs of the extension committee and
there was a heart-to-i.eart talk between
the visitors and the memoers on matters
of Interest about the order.
The meeting of the extension committee
with Eureka Valley Lodee, which hid
been announced for last Thursday, ha&
been postponed until to-morrow, night on
account of the change of meeting-place
of the lodge. The meeting will be in Eiu
tracht Verein Hall on Eighteenth street
near Valencia.
Deputy Wells and B. Dodson, who
worked for ten days In Los Gatos, axz
now in San Jose engaged in extension
work.
Los Gatos Lodge in the town of that
name on the 17th Inst. Initiated a class <u
twenty-one strangers and had ten more
for last night. The drill team of Enter
prise Ledge of San Jose conferred the de
grees in its usuai up-to-date style. There
were twenty-three visitors from the Gar
den City and a good delegation from
Campbells. After the ceremonies, one.
hundred and one members of the order
partook of a flrst-class banquet. Thera
were responses to a number of toasts, the
principal speakers being Deputy R. F.
Wells of San Francisco and Dr. Mace
of Los Gatos.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Manzanlta Grove, with its new officers,
proposes to ««t.*rt in the field with the
same vigor that marked its progress a
few months ago and raised it from a
struggling grove with thirty-odd members
to one of the foremost in the city.
After a rough drive over the storm
beaten roads of Marin County last week
Deputy Grand Arch Godeau Grand Sec
retary Graves and Past Noble Grana
Arch L. F. Dunand visited Duxbury
Grove at Bollnas. where two petitions for
membership were presented and one can
didate was initiated. After the work of
the evening, there were short addresses
by the visitors at a banquet given in their
honor. This grove, one of the richest In
the jurisdiction, has in its membership al
most every voter of Bolinas. and it owns
the only meeting hall in that section of
the county.
Volta Grove will plve a ball In Washinr
ton Square Hall this evening:.
Reports from Orange Grove of Los An
geles show that there are Initiations at
almost every meeting: that Los Angeles
Grove at its last held meeting initiated
two and that Magnolia in the past two
weeks initiated four. Salinas Grove re
ceived six applications at its last hell
meeting and initiated two strangers.- The
noble arch recently installed intends to
Initiate thirty Ftrangers during his term.
The Past Arches' Association of this
city will told a meeting to-day, when the
interesting degree of this association will
be conferred on a large number of those
elected to membership.
The circles of the State have been noti
fied to elect delegates to a meeting to be
held on the 5th of December for the pur
pose of instituting a grand circle and
electing officers.
Charles Mackter and J. J. Thornton of
Olympia Grovs Past Noble Arches U N~
and J W o!ff of Laurel Grove and a num
ber of others. After the presentation of
two applications, six candidates were ad
mitted Into the mysteries of the grove
with appropriate ceremonies, the work
ln the Portuguese language. The
£»£?€ officials were hfphly gratified
, the ° rac ers as the work was almost
perfect. This grove, the records showed,
is composed of the most progressive of
the Portuguese colony and is doing well.
Alter the closing of the grove there was
a banquet and addresses by the grand of
ficers.
Last Friday night Grand Master Wat
son paid en official' visit to.Ophir Lodge
of this citv and was greeted by a large
number of the members. Next Friday
night the lodge will have several candi
dates for the initiatory degree. The event
wiil be followed by a social hour.
On the night of the 17tk Amity Lodge,
the leading Rebekah lodge of this city,
had a bonbon party in its hall. There was
a large attendance, good dance music, an
agreeable and up-to-date floor manager
and a delightful time until midnight-
Templar Rebekah Lodge is making ar
rangements for a grand social time on the
night of the loth of December. There will
be an entertainment and an Illustrated
talk on New York.
On the night of the 17th inst. Mission
Rebekah Lodge tendered a reception to
Mrs. Cyrus, deputy district president of
the Assembly of California, and her staff
in the lodgeroom in Excelsior Hall. The
membership of this very hospitable lodge
turned out in strong force and there were
quite a number of visitors. Atter the for
malities of the reception a grand march
led by Noble Grand. Mrs. W. W. Watson
and District Deputy Mrs. Cyrus was
formed and the party, some eighty in
number, wended their way to the pret
tily decorated banquet hall, where all par
took of a collation. Dr. J. Frost presided
and there were informal talks by the vis
itors. AmonK the speakers were: Mrs.
Cyrus, D. D. C. A.; Mrs. Mary E. Donoho,
secretary C. A.; Grand Master Watson;
Noble Grand Mrs. Watson, Mrs. Jansen.
marshal of the C. A., and there was also
a thrilling story by the friend of Mission
Rebekah Lodge.
On the night of the 17th inst. Walhalla
Rebekah Lodge, the local German lodge
of the order, entertained its friends in the
Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing with a programme of vaudeville num
bers and a farce. The attendance was
good, the several numbers were amusing
and entertaining and the farce was very
acceptably rendered by the Misses Daisy
and May Falconer, George Patterson.
William G. Sass and F. W. Healey. It
was "To Oblige Benson," and was given
at the request of a number of persons
who had witnessed a previous presenta
tion of It by the parties named. The oth
ers who assisted to make the evening an
enjoyable one were: C. W. Betz. F. C.
Gerrhann. Emil Field, Stella Callunder
and Professor Monck. Dancing followed
the programme under the direction of the
committee on entertainment, consisting of
Mrs. Meredith, Mrs. von Geisterfeld, Mrs.
Fyle, Mrs. Buck and Mrs. Hocking.
On the right of the 16th Inst. the past
grands of the 1. O. O. F. of this city
formed into an association to be known
as the Past Grands' Association. About
forty signed the charter roll, which It was
decided to keep open till the next meet-
Ing, on the 14th of December, on which
date the officers will be elected. A com
mittee was appointed to visit the local
lodges and secure signatures to the char
ter roll.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge has. at great ex
pense, secured Miss Paloma Schramm.the
wonderful child pianist, and her sister
Karla. also a number of professionals, for
a piano recital and a musicale. to be given
in the Assembly Hall of the Odd Fellows'
building on the night of the 4th of Decem
ber. This will be the last opportunity to
hear the child pianist, as she and her sis
ter will leave for the East on the follow
ing day.
Grand Master Watson visited Magnolia
Lodge last Tuesday night. There was
work In the Initiatory degree, congratula
tory addresses and a banquet. The grand
master will visit Templar Lodge In the
early part of December. He will visit
Yerba Buena Lodge on the 6th of Decem
ber.
Farnsworth Lodge worked in the initia
tory degree last Wednesday night.
The entertainment and dance that was
Riven by Spartan Lodge In the South San
Francisco Opera-house was well attended
and was a most enjoyable affair, reflect
ing great credit on the committee that
had the function in charge. The evening
closed with dancing.
Charles Molloy of Nevada City, chair
man of the Grand Lodge Committee on
A IHasonic Jtaising.
On the evening of the 20th inst. C. La
gomarsino. G. A. Pedrotta, A. Fodera. G.
Canepa. A. Trapini, J. Icardo. J. S. Del
sol and L. Valsangiacomo gave a banquet
in a prominent restaurant to a number of
their brothers in Speranza Italian* Lodge,
F. and A- M., and to friends In commem
oration of their raising In that lodge. An
excellent menu was disposed of. after
which there were responses to toasts ap
propriate to the occasion, each of the
raised, up members being called upon to
say something. The evening was very
pleasantly spent.
Odd Fellowship.
IN LODGES
CALIFORNIA Chapter, on. the
night of. the 17th, Initiated. Dr.
and Mrs. Frank Pague, Dr. and
Mrs. G. 8. Backman. Mr. 1 -- and
Mrs. Charles B. York, Mrs.
Laura and Miss Lotta Ralsch,
Dr. D. E. Barger, Joseph
Prank Fleming and Miss Esther Phillips.
Six applications for membership I were
received and referred to committees.
After the meeting the officers were, com
plimented for the manner of their work
and addresses were made by Grand Sec
retary Kate J. Willats. Dr. Pague, Past
Matron Daly of Portland, Or., Past Ma
tron Emma Riehl of San Jose.. Cecelia
"vVarren favored with a recitation. The
officers of this chapter wil be installed ¦ in
the Temple on Saturday next.
Grand Patron Ernest W. Conant in
stalled the officers of the chapter at Wind
sor last Wednesday and on the loth inst.
the officers of the one at Rocklln were
installed by Past Grand Patron T. Bestor
Merritt. • - • ¦
King Solomon Chapter on last Wednes
day initiated two candidates and received
several petitions. There were present a
number of the members of the order, in
cluding llr.«. Carter, matron of Harmony
Chapter. Mrs. Hickie of Mission and Mrs.
Tonningsen of California. After the work
'.here v.as a collation and a social hour.
Last Thursday night Harmony Chapter
Initiated several candidates under the di
rection of Mrs. Emma Carter, the matron,
and her staff of officers. After the cere
monies, which were witnessed by a, large
number of persons, there was a banquet
and short addressee.
Last night Mission Chapter initiated a
class of «jight strangers in Mission Ma
sonic Hall in the i,reso:ice of many rep
resentatives of every chapter In the city
and many of the chapter members. It
was the last work of the term of the
worthy matron, Mrs. Alice Hickie. who
closed a most successful term, having,
including the eight admitted last nignt.
Initiated sixty candidates. The work of
this official and thoso who have assisted
her was marked for the close following
of the ritual and for the perfectness of the
delivery of the charges to the candidates.
To-morrow night the officers of Olive
Branch Chapter will be installed; Decem
ber 1st, these of California; December 5th,
those of King Solomon: December 6th,
those of Golden Gate; December 8th.
those of Mission; December 10th, those of
Beulah; December. 11th, those of Ivy, and
December 13th, those cf Harmony.
Credentials, has been confined to his hotel
for some days in consequence of having
been knocked down by a street car a few
evenings since.
Last Wednesday night Oriental Hebekah
Lodge had a bachelor's button Bewing.
There were fifteen contestants to sew on
three buttons In a prescribed manner
within a given time. The prize was won
by M. Greenleaf.
There was a meeting* last night at
Columbia of Tuolumne Lodge of that
Eace, Sonora Lodge of Sonora, Yosemite
)dge of Big Oak u'lat and Mineral Lodge
of Copperopolis, when, there was work In
the initiatory degree. The other degrees
were conferred by the visiting lodge of
ficers. •
Mrs. Caroline A. Hoxett. president of
the California Assembly of Rebekahs. has
announced the following official visits for
the current week: November 26, Sylvan
Lodge at Woodland; 27th, Pearly Lodge
at Williams: 2Sth. Diamond Lodge at Ar
buckle; 30th, Deborah Lodge at Colusa,
and December 1, Orland Lodge at Orland.
A.- A. Friedlander, W. B. Curtis. A. H.
Breckwoldt. C....M.. Emerson and W. G.
McKibbon, the friendship fund committee
of the general relief , committee of this
city, has issued a circular letter to all
lodges asking - for assistance for the
friendship fund, which is used f«jr the pur
pose of assisting brothers of the order
from_all parts, outside of the city, in case
of need. The method devised to increase
the fund is to give an entertainment at
the Tlvoli on December 12. when a choice
programme will be offered. The grand
master has granted a dispensation, per
mitting the committee to sell tickets to
the lodges for this entertainment.
The Chosen Friends.
Social Council of the Order of Chosen
Friends has extended an Invitation to ths
several local councils to Join It In a
euchre party to be given In Its hall In the
Native Sons' building on the night of the
Cth of December, immediately after the
transaction of the regular business.
The Native Sons.
Preclta Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West celebrated the eighth an
niversary of Its Institution by a grand
ball In Xatlve Sons' Hall on the night of
the 19th inst. Despite the Inclement
weather there was a goodly number to
take part In the grand march, and, while
It was gloomy autslde of the hall, It was,
within, decorated with evergreens, flow
ers and showy bunting, life and gayety.
President G. A. Neumlller was the floor
manager, while E. D. Sullivan, the first
vice, was his assistant.
Last Thursday night California Parlor
No. 1 had a high Jinks for the members
after the regular business meeting and all
had a Jolly good time, as the committee
In charge had prepared a first-class
night's run for the boys.
Amador Parlor of Sutter Creek will give
a ball In celebration of Washington's
birthday.
Grand Trustee Will D. Shea has re
turned from his northern trip. In sev
eral of the places visited he found a great
deal of enthusiasm on the part of the
membership and much Interest in the
work of the order.
Some time ago an offer of a lot in Rich
mond was made to the married Native
Son of the Golden West who could make
the best showing of eons during
married life. Up to date but two have
applied for the offered lot— George C.
West of Auburn Parlor, who has six sons,
and Thomas L. Floyd of Rlncon Parlor,
who has seven. He adds that he also has
a daughter, but she does not count In
the contest.
Amoni; the visitors to the office of
Grand Secretary Lunstedt last week were
F. S. Lester and Mr. Kistle of Los Ange
las.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
35
j Wholesale
I Prices.
1 1228 MARKET STREET
I 1 1111 1 1 .
I
1
i
M. Siminoff,
The largest wholesale manufacturer
on the coast, will make to order
High-Grade LADIES' TAILOR
SUITS at
••TO THE..
MORO.CO'i GRANDi CPERA-H0U5E.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
TO-NISQT at 8-2d Or»nd Popular Night.
TANNHAUSER.
Susan Strong:. Olltzka. Marylll, Dlppel, Muhl-
mann. Bars. Hubbenet, Gillbert. Vivian! and
; J 'la neon.
Orchestra. J3: Dress ' Circle, $2 50: Family
Clrrle. 12; Gallery. Jl. General Admission, tl.
Next TVeek-FAREWELL WEEK.
DER RING DES NIBELMGEN,
(TVasner). ;
To-morrow night at 8:30, "DAS RHEIN-
GOLD"— Susan Strong. MarylH. Scheff. Olltzka
and Schumann-Helnk; Van Dyck, Blspham,
Muhlmann. Blass. Journet. Dufrlche, Bars,
Hubbenet. • - '
Tuesday at 7:45, VDIE WALKUERE"—
Gadskl, Schumann-Helnk, Scheff. Olitzka,
Marylh Kemi, Bauermelster, Van Cauteren.
Rrldewell and Nordica; Van Dyck. Blass and
Bispham. --
Wednesday. at_ 7:45.,. ••SIEGFRIED"— Schu-
mann-Helnk. Scheff and Nordica; Dlppel. Bisp-
ham, Blars, Hubbenet and Ed. de Reszke.
(Conductor for all "RING" Performances.
. Mr. Walter Damrosch.)
Thursday, November 29. at 8:15 (by request).
"LA BOHEME"— Melba, Scheff. Saleza. G1H-
hert Journet. Dufrlche, Masiero and Campa-
narl. Conductor. Mr. Manclnelll.
Frldav. »t 7:30-"GOTTKRDAKMMERUNG"
* ]>ippel, Muhlmann and Ed. de Reszke; Susan
Strong. Schumann-Heink. SchefT. Bridewell and
Ncrdlca. Conductor. Mr. Walter Damrosch.
Saturday at 2, Farewell Matinee— "LA TRA-
VI AT A"— Melba, Van Cauteren. Bauermelster.
Campanarl, Bars. .Dufrlche, Gillbert and Cre-
monlni. Conductor, Mr. Manclnelll.
Saturday evening:. December 1 — Extra Per-
formance — "LOHENGRIN"— Gadskl and Schu-
mann-Helnk, Van '. Dyck. Muhlmann, Dufricht
and Blass.:' Conductor, Mr. Walter Damrosch.
SPECIAL PRICES for the Performaac*— Or-
chestra and 3 Front Rows, Dress Circle. "$5;
r>ress Circle (last 3 rows), ft; Family Circle. 13;
Gallery, $2; Boxes/ 120, S25, 130; General Admis-
sion, |J. • /- ... -
Prices. 12 to $7. Branch ticket offloe, Em-
porium. • • ¦•>¦- ' •
WEBgR PIANO TTSED.
COLUMBIAN
Tt>NIGHT— LAST TIMBt •
FRANK DANIELS
And • His . Splendid Company, la
VICTOR HERBERTS LATEST SUCCESS
"THE AJVlEERi"
¦ —^Beginning MONDAY EVENING
FRANK L. , PERLEY Will Present ' .
...ALICE NIELSEN...
- - :„.. . •..,.¦ .in: ... . ' ¦ "¦
"THE SINGING GIRL" -
By VICTOR HERBERT. HARRY B. SMITH
. «ad STANISLAUS STANGE.
ALF. ELLINGHOUSE, Prop, and Manarer
PHONE, SOUTH 779 '
startWwith MATINEE TO-DAY.
| ..TO-NIGHT,,, I
THE W0BLD - BEN0WNID PBSSTIDI8ITAT0H,
t HERRMANN
THE GREAT
flf A MONSTER r/»O-
CKAMMK Of
NEW MAGICAL SEN.
9 A TIONSm
ACCOMPANIED BT
AMERICA'S FAVORITE MUSICAL TAMILT
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAT.
First Time at Our Popular Prices
EVEN^O-M- 15c. 25c. SSc. 50c «nd 75o
MATINEE 13c 25c SSc and 50c
NEXT-THE RATS' HOWUNO SUCCESS.
" r\ HOT OLD TIMB."
FUNNIER— MORE LAUGHABLE— THAN I
EVER. •
¦Bft&ftSM?
Matinee To-Day, Sunday.
TO-NIOHT— LAST TDCB.
"THE RAILROAD OF LOVE."
—TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Extra Matinee Thanksgiving Da j !
August in Daly's Laughable Play,
SEVEN-TWENTY-EIGHT
REGULAR MATINEES— SAT. and SUNDAT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Initial meeting Monday, Nor. 19, to Saturday
Dec. 1. Inclusive. Six or more races each w««k
day. ¦ Six stake events. - one hurdle race and
two steeplechases first two weeks. First race
of th« day at 1:10 p. in. Trains leave Third
and Townsend streets for Tanforan Park at 7
10:40. 11:30 a. m., 1. 1:30 and 2 p. m., fotlowej
after the last race, at Intervals of k few min-
utes, by several specials. Rssr cars reauve/'
for ladles and their escorts. Admission t» t'^e
eoors*. lncludlnr railroad fare. (1.25. -
. D. LYNCH PRINOLE. Secretary.
RALPH H, TOZER, Ride* Bccntirr,
CALIFORNIA fer
"Should . Old. Acquaintance Be Forgot." special matineb
: 2 THURSDAY,
W. E. NANKBVILLB Presents T Q DAY
/^V*S IUA1/CDI V'Q MASTODON
sHnhfl nWVtnLI o iiiinstrels
.^ViSS-'^V^^ With the Recognized Minstrel King of the Universe
¥z§$wi$&£/- t^ vzc\ d t* rr "waltz ia/ii c/mvt
-4^^Sa a £e n ., WILSON
'i^^sK^ '^^sKl^ A NEW Crop of burnt conic fun.
V^^^V"^** MINSTREL TEXT 8TRICTLT ADHERED TO.
1 DAN ALLMAN The Celebrated
9 WEEKS, THIS ma b ?k E r r Vt°.£l y Haverly Choir!
<d Beginning AFTERNOON t Se R fTmou"mJ4 k ?n^Y^ 0E
AMUSEMENTS.
JLirrjSEMEirrs. •
W£JCK CO3CHENCINO
MATINEE TO-DAY,
'Sunday. Kor«inb«r Bth.
A VAUDEVILLE BILL WITHOUT A FUW!
EVERYTHING ENTIREX.T NEW.
JULIUS P. WITMARK,
VauderlUe's Favortt» Barytoaa.
MARY CHARLES
DUPONT and LOTHIAN
PreMntlar Thetr new come<Iletta. **A Visit to
Aunt Martha."
3AN80NE and DELILA
The World's Greatest Equilibrists.
ANNA KEN WICK
A Pretty Girl Who Knows How t» Sta*.
MALL0RY BROS.«. BROOKS
Musical Specialists.
HAS THE CITT GrESSDKX
The Great WALDON,
Greatest Act of Its Kind la th« 'WarM.
STELLING and REVELL
Horizontal Bar Experts*
CONDIT and MOREY
In Thetr New Sketch. "THE NEW LXFE***
1ONE MacLOUTH--"
In An Entire Change of Repertolr*.
MATS ft KB TO-DAY.
P&rqnet 25c. any seat; Balcony. 10c; Csfliren
10c. any part except reserved. A fsw frost
orchestra rows, reserved. 50c; front row» of
balcony, reserved, 25c.
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY,
THANKSGIVING DAY.
*TI VOLI*
TO-MORROW Begins
THE SECOND WEEK
Wit!) Special Mitinss Tiianksghlng Day,
Of tilt Eaoraaa* Casis 0j«n Trias ja.
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
One Continuous Laugh t Delightfully
Melodious ! Tons of B«yju ty !
Beautifully Artistic !
TIME G/\RE> OF* EVENTS!
P. M.
8:10— Overture.
g:13_Female chorus, "Sweet Scented Flower*."
J:15x-"Th« Wishing Well," Anale Meyers.
8:18 — "W* Are the King's Own Musketeer*."
Tom Greene and cbonia.
8:23— Ensemble. "A Forest Dream."
8:30— Entrance of tb» fomoax comedian. Ferria
Hartman.
8:32— "'Just to Pass the Time Away," Ferris
Hartman and chorus.
8:40 — The Dancing Lesson. Ferris Hartman and
Annie Meyers.
8:50-En5emble. "A Letter From Papa."
8:55— "The SassassenZrassa." Ferria Hartman
and Edward Webb.
9:00— "Sweet Oblivion. Drink." Ferris Hartman
and Edward Webb.
9:C8— Finale, "Under Arrest.-
Intermission.
9: S3— Opening Chorus and Minuet.
9:33 — "Woman." Mr. Hartman and chorus.
9:48 — Sonsr. "Friend*." Tom Green« and chorus.
>:58— "She's Our Wife," Mr. Hartman. 3Um*
Williams, Mr. Greene.
10:05— Reallstio Thunderstorm.
10:04— Ensemble. "Farewell."
10:14 — Waltz sonsr, "Love for aa Hour," Mlsa
Williams.
10-.S1— Kissffur Sonr- Annie Meyers.
10:15— "Courtship," Mr. Hartmaa and Mr. W«bb.
10:J*-"Wlclced. Wicked Men." Maud Williams,
Ann!* Meyers. Gracs Orr. Jull« Cotto.
10:40— Brilliant Finale.
BVEXEJGS at 8. MATIKEE 9ATUKDAT at 1>
POPULAR PRltfES-ao aad 80c
Telephone Bush ».
UNION COURSING PARK
TO'DA Y!
Sunday, November Qoth,
ANOTHER
GIGANTIC
Open Stake!
128— NOMINATIONS— 128
Every Hound
a Champion!
$1500-Prize Money-$1500
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 9:15 a. ssl.
10:15 a. m.. 11 a. m.. U m. and 1 p. m, R»-
turnlBg: at 4:45 p. m. and after the last cours*.
San Mateo electric cars every «1* mlsutss.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
OLYMF1A 3SSZ2&*
ONL.T FREE VATTDEVrLLE SHOW—
IX THE aiT.
MABEL HUDSON,
A Son* Bird Who Knows How to Sir*.
LEONDRO BROTHERS,
America's Most Famous Gladiatorial AcroSats.-
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK
COMPANY.
MATIXEE EVERT 5UNDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON ANO EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
INCLUDING
THE BROTHERS MARTINE, Co^oCr
— ANI>—
Cannon, the Fat Man,
IN POSES PLASTIQUE.
TeltpHon* tor Beau, fazk £U
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SZ. Corner Geary and Stocttoa Strsats, Saz Fnaeuoi.
UIS'IOIM SQUARE.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
A Handsome Collection of HIGH-GRADE PARIS NOVELTIES for the Holidays.
....SPECIAL....
25 Pieces ENGLISH MOHAIR CREPONS, 42 inches wi-e,
regular va!ue $2.00 yard, at $1.00 Yard
"'• '' "' '"' ADVERTISEMENTS.
I SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS
| THIS WEEK.
I TAILORED SUITS, $10.
\ 'We are offerioa this weeK 4 different
} styles of TAILOR-MADE SUITS, latest
| styles, well roade and finished. At
t prices offered they would be con-
» sidered great bargains at the end of
i ¦ the season ¦
I ALL-WOOL GRAY GOLFING 8UITS, plaid back\
j ALL-WOOL BLACK CHEVIOT, Eton effect Q d9 ft (\[\
I ALL-WOOL FANCY NAVY BLUB CHEVIOT, \$ j 1 liUU
5 ALL-WOOL GRAY AND BROWN FANCY CHE- I BJ
t VIOT, Silk-lined Jacket / ¦
I High-Grade Tailor Suits, Fancy Trimmed, S25.
I AUTOMOBILE COATS, $10. '
| Made of good quality Kerrey, tan or navy blue,
j newest cut, 27 inches long, well tailored, a swell
> % garment at a popular price.
} OUR JACKETS AT $5, $6.50, $7.50, $8.50
» Are . superior in quality, fit and finish to any shown
J ,on the market.
| High-Grade Novelty Jackets at $15, $20, $25. %"
I M 2-Extra Specials-2
I *»^*' $5.00.
• <<2§|iCS& 50 Black Pebble CHEVIOT SKIRTS, new-
£ f^K \Sif\ est ripple effect, handsomely satin
I / /s \ \ trimmed, lined throughout with gooi
I I i ' \\ lining, positive value $7.50.
i I 1 \ \ \ *¦
> $5<X vsfflX IO ° B!ack » Nav y and Brown GOLF
I CAPES, with extra top cape, fancy
I r^^$p^^ trimmed, real value $8.50.
I spaciai — $3 95 Extra Special $3.95.
I qoldeFoate
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE,
{ 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST.
56-inch ENGLISH CHEVIOT SI. 00 Yard
52-lnch CAMELSHA1R CHEVIOT Sl.25 Yard
52-Inch ZIBELINE, extra heavy $1.50 Yard
Commencing MONDAY, Nov. 26, we will place
on sale the followin] numbers of new and
seasonable goods at extremely low prices:
i
Dry Goods Company.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVZHTISEMEUTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dp. W. S. Rice, the Well Known Au-
thority. Sends "a Trial of His Fa-
vinous Method Free to All
There are people who have been torturlnj:
themselves for years "with trusses. It Is hoped
their attention will be drawn to Dr. Rice's frev
DR. S.*BALU
offer. An elderly and retired physician. Dr. S.
Ball, of Marion, Ala.; is one of the hundreds
attracted to this generous announcement and
as a result he Is now completely cured of a
bad rupture which was very hard to hold. Al-
though 72 years of age, he had the courage
and determination to try this new and novel
method and now he lives in peace, content-
ment snd security. Dr. Ball looks back to the
old days of crude methods and In comparison
halls the wonderful method of Dr. Rice as a
marvelous God-send to the present generation?.
By all means write at once to Dr. W. S. Rice.
41S S Main Bt.. Adams. X. Y., and he will send
you a free trial of h's remarkable home cure
for rupture. There is no pain, danger, opera-
tion or an hour's loss of time and by starting
now you will be sound and well by ea.rly spring.
—f-t*~w m_»~iii _ji~x~ i»~n Kin i«" ,0 I, »¦ 11 an
. liable Rirrier
i N — r< WORKMANSHIP
Perfect Fitting
and gracefully
shaped garments. . ,
' I give personal
attention to all
orders. Extensive
N connection with
all fashion centers.
Prices Reasonable.
Mall OrJtr? Filled. /
Don't Mistake th: Number.
Open Evenings.
After-Theater Refreshments.
The completeness of ¦ tho arrangements
made for your entertainment In tho Sup- '
per Room - can •< be estimated when It Is
known that the attributes ressonsibl* for -
the popularity of • the Grill Rooms are in
evidence here, e Delightful music, prompt
service, moderate . charges. Opea every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:M to
» o'clock. Entrance from tho court and
main office.
Palace Hotel Sapper Room.
AMUSEMENTS.
FISCHER'S concert house.
' Mm!. Gabriel StlrvaJ: Mae Edgerton Davis-
Corlnne, ; in , "Historical Antique" : : Olive Vail
and Argyle'Tully: Irene Franklyn: Ouhama,
the Jap;- Harry -H. Walton, and the Moving
Pictures. Reserved seats 25c. Mfttlne* Sunday.
«¦ .-¦ - r ¦ ' ¦ ¦ '¦¦¦¦.,-' , 1 ' ¦ ¦ ¦" - ' ' ¦' t
J) UU/ Llbi (
III Is the surest and safest com- I
plexlon creator. It removes //
\\\ all pimples and blotches, '
J/l freshens the skin and leaves
til your face as soft and fair ss
/// In clrlhood. For sale by
ill Druggists and General Deal-
J FREE for a Year, )
\ Woman's \
J) Home Companion, I
\ the farortt* ladles' maga- //
l tine. Send stamp for partic- I
I ulars to-day, as only 1000 I
f/ subscriptions will be given \\
// away. Address Adv. Dept.. \\
Jl E. B. HARRINGTON & CO.. " I/I
l\\ Mfrs., Loi Angeles, CaL . _ ///* • ¦ - ; . ..-^¦t-v--;^^;:^ ><¦;>¦ ¦¦¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOTBMBEB 25, 1900.
36
S MEN wish positions, on* u eook and the
other as an assistant, in boardlng-hous* or
hotel In oountry or Institution; references.
Box <46, Call otflc*. . ,
SITUATION wanted by a »ob«r aad reliable
man. 45, . as cboremaa In a private family,
factory or Institution; understands car* of
horses, cows, chickens, «to.; will com« rec-
ommended by last employer. Address box
. 412. Call offlce. -
MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian wishes situation
about a place as choreman. watchman or
pcrterj handy with carpenter tools; responsV-
ble orchardlst: good reference. Address I_
L. NltLANDER, general Poatofnee.
MAN and wife, both with experience and edu-
cation, would take charge of a business or
hotel, either here or in Mexico. Box 407.
Call offloe.
WANTED— Position as manager of ranch;
vines, deciduous or citrus fruits, or private
place, lawns, etc. E. D.. 4S2 South Oak3
ave.. Pasadena, Log Angeles County.
SALARIED position by an Intelligent Ameri-
can gentleman; general business and mining
experience; references. F. M. ADAMS, Al-
den^ Station. Oakland, Cal. '
SOBER." experienced barkeeper would like po-
sltlon; city or country. Box 111. Call office.
COOK and wife want work in country hotel;
both are experienced, American, and first-
class; wages will be moderate if work Is
reasonable. Box 102. Call offlce.
POSITION as bookkeeper or assistant by a
young, man; thoroughly familiar wltVi all
lines of offlce work; first-class references.
Box 390. Call offlce.
STE \DY single man, experienced coachman,
all stable work, also milking, wishes situa-
tion; best references. Address, stating wages,
Coachman, 791 O'Farrell st.
MILKERS, separators and flrst-class cheese
try. Milkers' Union of California. 516 Mont-
gomery st.
JAPANESE young man wants position in store
or saloon; speaks good English. HAMA, 523
Jessie st.. tel. South 69S.
JAPANESE wants position at general hou?e-
work In family. M. MASUDA, 623 Jessie St.
A JAPANESE school boy wants situation to do
housework. S. KAWAI. S5» Jessie st.
JAPANESE, ' first-class cook, wants situation
in private family; understands any style cook-
ing. Apply FRANK MAYA. 923 Sacramento.
JAPANESE echoolboy would like position, cook
or waiter, in a small family. HARA, 1010
Pin* st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for tl per year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed! N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LIST.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
ELEGANT modern 8 room new upper flat;
marine view. 1430 Taylor St., near Jackson.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. 257 Dore St.. bet.
Ninth and Tenth, off Harrison: rent HO.
FLAT of 3 large sunny rooms; large yard. 212V4
Eleventh st. •
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; rent $22 50. 677
McAllister st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 714-Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children.
UPPER sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath; 926 Va-
lencia st. Inquire Morton Special Delivery,
408 Taylor nt ; key at store, 930 Valencia.
712 SANSOME. handsome sunny flat, $16; 804
Sansome, larce store, $10.
$7 — I-ROOM flats on Victor St., off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
$11 50— UPPER sunny room. 133 Ivy ave., near
Van NeSs ave. ;
$12 50— MODERN 3-room flat, with bath. 125 !
Ash ave., bet. Polk, Van Ness, McAllister
and Fulton.
$18— UPPER sunny 6 rooms: bath; dresser; lat-
est improvements. 1312 Green st. bet. Lar-
kln and Polk.
$25 — 6 LARGE sunny rooms and bath, with
large cellar. 2H Silver et.
FLATS. TO LET FUKMSIIED.
NEW furniture and carpets for sale and small
modern flat for rent cheap. Call to-day at
2615 Sacramento' st.
FUIIMTURE FOR SALE.
GREAT SNAP!
Ready to move Into; modern, sunny, ten-room
corner flat to let.
137 O'Farrell st., corner of Powell: elegant
new furnishings of same ror sale. Apply H." J.
MOORE, Sterling Furniture Co.. 1C39 Market.
FOR sale— Oak folding bed, extension table,
dining chairs, Wlnthrop range, rugs, par-
lor furniture, etc., of private family. Call !
S37D Valencia St.; flat for rent.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 50. with No. 7
ranyo. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Fl'HMTUKti WASTED.
NEW and second-hand furniture and clothing
bought and sold. 1182 Mission st., near 8th.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. Jessie 761. I
A. WOLLPEI5T. 773 Mlsrlon St.. pays highest j
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354. j
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1303 Larkln: tel. Pclk 691. j
furniture & furn'd hou&es bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys !
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses, city and country hotels. $20; 2
restaurant waitresses, $6 and I"; lunch walt-
.ress. ?3 50; 4 chambermaids to wait, city and
country, $20; woman cook, country hotel. $30,
fare raid, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseslrl. choice place. Oakland, $25; an-
other place. Antioch. $20; middle-aged woman i
for nice place, Truckee. $20, fare paid; 2 sec-
ond girls. $20; numerous orders for house-
girls; nurseelrl for 2 children: others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary, St.
RELIABLE agents in every part of the United i
States for "The Woman Beautiful," a valua- '
ble book indorsed by the highest authorities '
in this country and Europe. Treats of beauty !
and health and how to attain both. Contains
500 excellent recipes. Is an encyclopedia of
information— has never been canvassed. Ex-
clusive territory to trustworthy women who
can furnish references. Liberal commission.
AVrite at once for particulars. BRENTA- I
i NO'S, ?1 Union Square, New York City. j
I WANTED — Ladles to copy letters at home '
; everywhere; pleasant work; good pay; full
particulars, v terms, etc.; reply with ptamp.
THE CUTLER CO.. Dept. 3. Chicago. 111.
ELDERLY lady, to take care of three small
children; small wages; good home; take Mc-
Allister car. 725 Fifth ave.
AN apprentice to learn dressmaking. 219 Laus-
sat ave., near Haight and Fillmore sts.
WANTED — Girls to label and pack pickles.
California Packing Co., 115 Shotwell st.
GIRL wanted general housework; no cooking;
no dishwashing; $20. l.',C2 Post st.
WANTED — Lady over 2C to travel through
South. Box 500, Call office.
A STENOGRAPHER; salary $25 p«r month.
F,ox 4S8, Call.
NEAT cirl over IS years to make herself use-
ful In neckwear factory: steady position. Pa-
clflc Neckwear Co., 16 Sutter st.
FUR finisher wanted. PACKERT. 31S Leaven-
worth St.. bft. Eddy and Ellis.
DRESSMAKER'S helper wanted: also apprcn-
tlce; Fteaoy work. Call 1207^4 Bush st.
YOUNG refined girl for light upstairs work.
.' Call Monday morning, 1S66 Vallejo st.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 131S
Fell St., near Lyon.
FIRSjT-CLASS button-hole maker on custom
work; $12 to $14 week. 509 Kearny St.. room 2.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls. Apply
I HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission st.
• WANTED— Experienced sewer. J. HrkTfTsiN
BAVTM. f39 Natoma st.
WANTED— Girl or woman to assist generally;
3 In family. 1774 Tenth St.. West. Oakland.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher at a
. Giant ave., upstairs. '..
j WANTED— Skirt and waist hands. 7M Geary
; street. ,-. : , , . . ; .'
YOUNG girl to assist housework; small fatn-
lly; live at home. -975 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on . custom coat*. Call
, - early Monday, morning at' 135% Natoma st.
; WANTED— A young girl to learn dressmaking
j at MME. NELSON'S. 1017 Geary st.
i GIRL to cook and for general housework. 160S
• Qeaj ~' g t.. 'near Buchanan. . -¦ ¦
I YOUNO girl plain cooking and general house-
[ work small family. Call 9 to 11 1810 Laguna.
1 DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not lrrltats,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agtnts
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag*cy. 42< BHlfc
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH CoHere. Parrott Bldf.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
Bhorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prao-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. >50; catalogue.
HEALD*8 BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, Bhorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new to-page catalogue free.
A ~ THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. -
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand-If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lessonb
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
JJELL. room 83. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny st.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual instruction. JS per
month: life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeplnr a
ehort time with expert Tarr. 120 Parrot bldg..
he would not: be wise. /-*_!
MISS M. <J. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall: acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montry.
ALL students but two taking full course thlj
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: da", eve.; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1336 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night clnss. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.. day or eve. ; JS mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO lessons by competent teacher, 50c hour.
Box 42L Call office. _>
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for %l.
/liMPLOVMEXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible houseeleanlng co.; est
1870: practical recommend: try them; removed
to 413 Devisadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2131.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help." 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— BeBt help
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell ; tel. Buoh 876.
ORPHEITM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese, help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell et.; tel. East 426.
K.MI'LOVM_.\T WANTED FKMALK.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman desires position of
trust aa managing housekeeper or companion
in private family; no objection to goin* out
of city; best of references given and required.
M. V. H.. box 417. Call offlce.
GERMAN mifldle-aged lady wishes a tool
home; girl of 11 years with her; "small wages.
Box 4S4. Call offlce.
I WOULD be thankful for sewing of any kind;
can do it most reasonable. Please call 215
Polk st., rear, room 1.
RELIABLE lady wishes position as working
housekeeper; no objection to grown children.
13S2 Market St.. room SO.
COMPETENT, experienced book-keeper and
cashier desires position. Address box 487, Call.
A WOMAN wants work by the day: washing,
housecleaning. 235 Twenty-ninth st.
WANTED-^Position by nurse to mental or in-
valid patient; hospital experience. Box 4S3,
Call office. f
YOUNG woman wishes situation as chamber-
maid in hotel or private family. Please call
or address Prescott House, corner Montgom-
ery ave. and Kearny st., room 9, first lloor.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation, house-
keeper or Invalid; city or short distance In
the country. 24 Freelon St., nr. 4th, upstairs.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper; small wages; light work:
, good home. Box 4S5, Callj
YOUNG lady bookkeeper wishes position. 705
Valencia st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter and
draper, sews by the day; €0c a day. M. C,
box 412. Call ott\ce. ,
EDUCATED middle-aged lady, speaking Eng-
lish, wishes situation as nurse for sick person.
Address box 423, Call ofllce.
WOMAN wants ladies' and children's washing
to do nl her own home. 511 McAllister et.
LADY wants position to care for child or com-
panion tcjc invalid lady; sleep home. Hox
424. Call offlce.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher would
like a position as governess. Box 2031, Call
offlre. Oakland. ;
REFINED young lady desires position as gov-
erness or companion to lady. Box 425, Call.
GOOD cook ar.d laundress wants work by the
day. Address M. F-. 1412B Bush gt.
\. DRESSMAKER from the East, a first-class
cutter and fitter, go out by the day; make a
suit In one day. 1532 Polk st.
COMPETENT nursery governess, klndergar-
ton German, desires charge of child; refer-
ences. MISS S., ST> South Park. •
WANTED— Position as traveling saleslady by
trustworthy person; references . and bond fur-
nlshcd if required- Box 442. Call offlce.
A UKFINED and educated lady wishes a posi-
tion as companion to invalid or young lady.
Address A. B. C. box 444, Call office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 196 Shipley
i street
j WOMAN would like work by the day; wash-
Ing, ironing, house cleaning: TI day and car-
fare. Box D, Call branch, 300 Hayes st,
I YOUNG Gernmn girl, best references, de-
sires housework or second work. city. MRS.
! LAMBERT. 41S Powell St.. tel. M3ln 6332.
A PROTESTANT old lady, entirely trust-
worthy, would like a place in a small nice
family to do light housework. Address box
110. Call offlce.
I LADY wishes to take care of invalid or elderly
la»ly. 277.8 Twenty-second st.
i WANTED— By young lady, position as house-
keeper or light chamber work. Address 1(K7 J 4
Market St., rJQm 14. second floor.
i FIRST-CLASS dressmaker Wants work in
j families. 943 Sutter St.; tel. Larkln 962.
I WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
I ket-MO rooms; _lo to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $6
j week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggagw to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
, Valencia st. '>*
A WEEK'S news for 6c— The .Weekly Call, 16
pngea. in wrnpner. for — 'nlllnc. Slper year.
K.M J'LO V3IEXT WAMKD MALK.
A YOUNG man wishes position In meat mar-
ket; experienced and best of references; city
or country. W. J. H.. ?S9 Howard st.
WANTED— A position as foreman on a ranch,
•took and all kinds of farming; best of refer-
ences. Address box 499, Call offlce.
YOUNG German wishes positlo.v. willing to do
any kind of Work. Box 480. Call office.
WANTED— Young man understanding mercan-
til» reporting and soliciting wishes employ-
ment; has had 10 years' experience; can give
best cf reference as to ability and character. :
Box 481. Call office. i
AS nurse or attendant by German; best refer- |
en«*s. 474 Jetsle St.
YOUNG educated German wanta a position ol
any kind. Box 479. Call office.
STEADY middle-aged man desires position to
run elevator; small pay, to begin with; caa
give good reference. Box 433, Call offlce. .
POSITION nis bookkeeper or clerk; 2 years'
'experience in grocery business; 21 years old;
do not, u&e tobacco or liquor. Box 486, Call.
MAN and wife would like situations on ranch;
man as ranch hand; wife as cook. Call or ad-
dress H. D.. 474 Jessie et.
SITUATION by coachman: first-class gardener
ard driver: sober, reliable, trustworthy; city
or country; very best references. Box 413, Call,
JANITOR desires to take charge of offices,
flat or building; can paint, varnish, or will
do renovating; very reasonable. Box 432, Call.
YOUNG man wants position at light work;
bright and energetic; quick at figures; ref-
erencea.. Box 433 Call offlce. ...
$100 OFFERED by Competent clerk , for desir-
able situation; bonds-and references." Box
435. Call office. ,
COOK, experienced meat and pastry: sober and
reliable. Box Sfl62. Call jifflce, , Oakland. ,
TOUNO man, reliable, with city reference* and
thorough ¦ knowledge of bookkeeping, writing
a good bond, wants position. Box 109 Call.
BAIT FRAjrCXSCO OA-.lt.
BTJFIN_SS OFFICE of The Ban Fr«— — Isto
Cell, corner ot Market s__ Third streets; open
until U o'clock every nlg_t In tn« rear.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montromerr street,
corcsr Clay; open until S:I0 p. m.
300 Hayes street: epen en til 8:30 p. jn.
63* McAllister strc«t; cpen until »:88 p. m.
til L_rkln street; open until t :30 p. ra.
1541 Mission street; open until 10 j>. ra.
tm Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until t r. b.
1M Eleventh street; opes until * p. rx
IK* Valencia street; open until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eeocnd and Ken-
tuefcy strata; open until > p. m.
CHCHCII SERVICES.
FIRST Congregational Church, ccrner Post aad
M_ son sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, IX D.,
pastor, — ".:i preach at both services. At 11
_. nv. theme, "John th« Baptist." At 7:33
p. m., thems. "The Influence cf a Life."
Vnloa Thanksgiving services in this churcn
ob Thursday ne^ct at 21 a. m.. Calvarj Pres-
byterian. First United Presbyterian. First
Baptist and First Congregational churches
uniting; sermon br Rev. E. A. Woods, D. D. f
pastor First Baptist Church.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church. Oak and Bar
ker sts., Xter. J. S. Thomas, pastor — Sunday-
school at 9:S0 a. m. ; morning eervt-;e at 11
o'clock. "Our Church and Our Country."
Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:4&; evening
Fervloe at 7:45, "The Dlvln* Gensrotity."
"WeCn—Baar evening meeting at 7:«; Thanks-
giving service at 11 a. m., Thursday, lr.
¦which the Park Congregational and West-
minster Presbyterian churches will Joix Ad-
draea by Rev. E. H. Avery. P. D.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, at Y. M. C.
A. building, corner cf Mason and E11U ttt,.—
Rev. John Her.iphill, V. D., pastor, wll!
preach morning and evening. . Special music
or the choir; solos ar.d Quartet. Semc«s at
11 S- m. — nd T:SO p. in.; 6_bbath-sch->ol an<l
Sir. Johnston's Bible class at 12:30; Christian
Endeavor meeting at 6:S3 p. TLJ rood prayer-
rr-eetltig on Wednesday evening at 8 o'c-lock.
Btrsngers coroi&Jly welcomed. Coma tJl vLd
Aecir* a blessing.
1ETNTRA.L Methodist Dpiscopal Church. Mis-
sion st., near Elxth— Dr. S. D. Hut»inp!ller
will preach at 11 o'clock on the topi.\ 'The
Contact for the Great and Costly Prize." At
1:V). with special musical service directed by
Xtobcrt Lloyd, with cboir er.J select eololt^s.
Dr. Hutsinpiller will speak en •"Sonia High
JCote* of Thanksgiving." Beats free and a
cordial welcome for the people.
6BCOND Unitarian Church, om er Carp and j
TwtcUtth sts. — Sunday-school et 10 a. m. :
•ermon at 11 a. ra. by Rev. George W. Eton*,
subject. "Rewards." The miming musio ic /
xnace a special feature of our service. At
Ti45 p. m. Mr. Stcne will !octur- ci "The
Blbl* In the Light of Modern Knowledge."
All welcome: seats free.
rJUKTTY Church, corner Bush and Gough He..
the Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D. D.. j
r»etor— Ho'y Corcmsnicn. S a. m. ; morning i
•arrlcc. 11 s. m. ; evenly prayer. I p. m. i
Krl_ay. eeri-lce of intercession fcr army and j
_&vy at 11 a- m. The rector will preach, j
Epecial musical sen rice Sunday, November
ti. lii<0. at 7:45 o'clock.
BT. PAUL'S Church. California St.. near Fill- I
more— Rev. AV. M. Reilly. rector; Rev. A. C. \
Wilson, asslrter.t. Holy communion at 7:33 ,
a. m. Sunday school at S:<3 a. ra. Morning i
prayer and termon by the rector. U o'clock.
Monthly chorsJ evrnsong. T:SC' p. m. Music j
by gt. Paul's vested quartet and chorus :
choir. Week day s*rvlce« dally at 10 a, m. \
PT. LUKES Episcopal Church, ccr. of Van i
Ness ave. and Clay st. Holy commui.ior. 5 j
a. rn. Morning prayr, 11 o'clock. Evening |
pen-ice. T:*5 o'clock. Rev. T. J. Mackay. rec- i
tor of All Faints' Church, Omaha, will j
preach both morning ar.d evening. ,
THE fourteenth anr.ual California Convention j
of Christians gathered unto the name of the
Lord Je*us Christ, will 1k» held (D. V.> on No-
vember 19, ?/', Oecetr.ber 1 and 2. 1SO0. In Gos-
pel Hail, »26 Sixteenth Ft., bftwwn Mission
and Valencia, Fsn Francisco, Cal. Hours of
meeting. 3 r ':S0 a. m.. 2 and 7:30 p. m. The
public cordially Invited.
FIRST <~"hurch of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. £23 Sutter St.. between Kearny Ft. anl
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson nt
U a. ra. : •object. "God the Oaly Cause and
'"reator." Sunday-school for children et the :
fame hour. Wednesday pvenintr meetitig at j
S o'clock. .Free readinsr room. 206 Kearny Ft . i
room £10. All are welcome.
THE First Divine Science Chmrch. M. 11 I
Cramer, pastor, meet* every Sunday, at 11
a. m.. In "Home College." J.SGO Pev-titeenih !
rt.. between Valencia and Mission. : Sunday- |
echoel at 10 a. m. General Thanksgiving
err lice to-day.
AfiSOCIATION AuSltorium. Mason and EIHf
rt». — Mass-meeting for men only to-day at ?
©"clock; an Illustrated lecture by A. IC
Burns. M. D.. on "The Foundations of the
Vniwrse." Seat? free and all young- men
invited.
THE Theosophical Society— Free public lecture
to-nlrht. Odd Fellows" building, by M!:ia M.
A. Walsh. "The Legends of Rama, or the
Cyclic Man." Golden Chain. 11 a. m.
FIRST Mental Science Temple meets 11 a. m..
Golden Gate Hall; usual services; public in-
vlted; free.
MEETINGS— SU.\D_Yi
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN will lecture thl*
evening on "The Relations of Mind and
Matter" at Cryetal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market Et.. followed by magnificent views of
the art treasures of Paris and Rome. Free
¦ tlrkets will be distributed for the X-ray
exhibition at the Sanitarium next Tuesday
evening. Pt-att free. No collection.
—.—CTTTRES on the temple of Solomoi r.re
given Sunday and Tuesday evenings at 7:Jj
bv J. Melkmald cf Australia. In Goppel Hall.
3036 Sixteenth *t., near Valencia; you are
cordially Invited to attend: no collect! di.
AT Whitney Hall. Sunday eve. next. Dec. 1 —
Mrs. J. J. Whitney win resume her meetings
for occult demonstrations and message?, 1164
O'Farreil Ft., bet. Franklin and G<jugh; Ellis
car passes dnor; tel<-r>h°ne Hyde 2451.
FIRST Ladles" Spiritual Aid Society. 305 Lar-
kln St.. Friday and Saturday, Nov. CO aod
Dec 1; afternoon, quilting party; evening,
entertainment and dancing; home-oook« d
lur.ch and supper. 23 cents each.
A — DR. RINES' spiritual society. Wft Market-
11. fre*; 2-S. 10c: Mrs. Bird. Vigears. Maxwell
The society will open a social and cntertaln-
raent 3C? Market. December 19. 8 p. m.
EDWARD EARLE. wonderful occult iVmon-
rtratlona. t«»f;ts. messages. «-uestlons an-
Fw^red. Pythian Castle, to-night; cTicc CC5
Taylor st., corner Ellis.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS at Metropolitan
Temple to-night; subject. 'The Living
Laws": the public is Invited; seatB free. A.
O. Eckman. ©nranlst.
1IRS. STODDARDS truly wonderful «?n"es
10c: Tues.. Thur*.. Sun.; 8 p. ra.; fit. 278 ftth".
KARL EBERHARDTS tf>Ft meeting tn-nighf
30c. S200 Twenty-second St.. corner Bartlett.
EPIRITTAL meeting to-night: Mrs. GrlfHrj and
Shriner. other*. BcottUh Hall. 107 Larkin; 10c.
MRS. MART EVANS' circle to-day 2 and K
10c; developing circle Wed, night. JCS Sixth st!
MMH. YOUNG' K convincing test circli tcv
night. 2% Larkin St.; 10?; come skepi'es.
BLCETI.VGS — iDlvernal Drotberhood.
THEOSOriTICAL Portety. «9 Market et.— Lec-
ture to-night. "Memories of Paat Lives,!' by
Dr. Jerc*n« _A. Anderson; I. B. League, first
and tfclrc Tpen«gy nights.
MEETIVG SOTICES.
CROCKKTT Lodge No. 133i~F~and a! a
M.— Officers ar.d members are requested A
to attend the funeral of our deceased « jf
brother. WM. FREDR. GREENE late /V>
of Union Park Lodge No. «io. Chicago. III., on
SUNDAY. Nov. 7Z. at »:20 a. rr.. from Ma-
sonic Temple. Funeral committee please take
notice. P.y order of the W. M
H. FOnTBIEDE. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Unity Ar*
Lodge No. Cl. K. of P., and *tl Pyth- v Jw.
Ian members in the city, are re- SXvf_«
queried to assemble at Pythian Cas-
t;e, S0$ Market st., SUN DAT. Nov. 25 at 9
a. m.. for the purpose of attending thi fun-
eral of our late brother, A. J. HENTZELL
iiy order ot
I. J. WELSH. Chancellor Commander.
THE California Debris C*mrr.i$fion. having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from F. 15. Howard et a!., in the
Vnfllne and May Day placer mines, consoli-
dated, near Gold Lake. Sierra County, to de-
posit tailings in a worked-out pit; from Mrs
Annie E. Jones, in the Nujrret clacer mine.
near Johnsville. Pluma* County, to deposit
tailings in Hopkin« Cre«k; from CL D. Haz-
sard. In the Plumas Itni>erial Mine No 2
near Quincy. Plumas County, to deposit tall-
lnc» in Slat- Creek; from David Corbett. in
the GoMen Gale Mine, near Glbsonvlile. Sier-
ra County, to deposit tailing* in Wisconsin
ravine, and from Charles Schneider. In the
American Mine, near £;ianlsh Ranch. Plumas
County, to depoelt tailings in a ravine, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
t». Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. on
December 3. liMVi. at 1 :30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Paauhau
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. No. S27 Market St..
Kan FranciBco. Cal.. en SATURDAY, the m
-ay of December. 1900. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. ra., for the purpose of electing a
beard of £lrertors to serve for the ensulnr
year and the transaction of sveh other bu«l-
ness i_ may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bocks will rlose on TUESDAY. November
20. 1200. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary-
ASPHALTLM UOOFIXG.
3. PELTIER, asphalt rooflng, sidewalks r«-
jtlred; postal. Hit Mission; teL Folsom 1807.
____MH__K.T~r— ¦•"- ' I MWiiiii d I' *
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sail than books or Insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Porrott bldg.
TWO or S good ad. solicitors; male or female;
holiday edition; good com. Apply HOOVER
Hall, Tenth and Market, rm. 1; 4-6 p. m.
1200 to $600 PER month; men or women; salary
or commlBslon. 827 Market et.. room 615.
WANTED— Lady agents; good proposition. 1226
Valencia st,
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Aitrolo-
ger— Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTO II XEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KINO. 527 Market et., 6th floor, room 627
— Estates, damages, atta'chmenta, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fees; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1S37.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
I no fee without success; collections. G. W.
[ HOWE, any at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market fts.; phone Red 5262. '
ADVICE free; no charge uniess successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON.- 527 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
i ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
HATH CABIXET9.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
S. BROWN CO.. agency. 426 Ellis St., S. F.
DOARD1XG roil CHILD KISK.
GOOD home for two children; room for parent.
24? Shipley t-t.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board; mother's care. 439 Minna st.
DUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— $600; FINE candy store in splendid location;
nicelv furnished; cheap rent: clears J125 per
month; great bargain. LANE & CO.. S63 Mkt.
PARTNER wanted In an established business,
clearing $75 mo. each; light work; short hours;
no exper. required. LANE _ CO., bC5 Market, i
RESTAURANT; nice place for man and wife; I
receipts 115 a day: low rent; see this at once;
snap; only $225. LANE & CO.. S65 Market st.
PARTNER wanted in light manufacturing bu*-
ir.e^s; owner a practical workman: established
business; prafars partner to other help; capital
required. S4Ml DONNELLY & CO.. C32 Markt.
"McKINLEY'S Election Assures Prosperity,"
active markets and large fluctuations in prices.
$1<j0 invested in grain or stocks by my "Safe
Investment Plan" has paid larger profits than
In any other manner of dealing; write imme-
diately fcr particulars: bank, financial and
customer references. STEPHEN A. CLEM-
ONS, Broker. Old Colony Building, Chicago.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Sealed bids will be received at my offlce. 238
Montgomery St., on FRIDAY. Nov. 30, at noon,
Icr 76 shares of the stock of Lewis & Co., dray-
men. The capital stock of this concern consists
Of 200 shares. For further Information apply to
I\ BOLAND, Public Administrator.
LADIES— The San Francisco College of Mid-
wifery oper.s in January, ofteilng an excel-
lent opportunity to qualify ar.<i engac<* in a
lucrative practice; those desiring to take the
course will apply at once to Dr. S. AAIKRI-
<:AN, dean, 12i* Mission St.; hours 1-;!, te-s. |
BUSINESS woman, with small capital, to take ;
active Interest in legitimate, good paying j
buFiness; keep plain accounts and wait on
lady customers at office ; references ex-
changed. Box 4J4. Call offlce.
FOR sale— Bargain ; saloon doing busine<j.<. with
living rooms; lot "!<xl37:6; S^O Mission Et.
Call ami «>e owner saloon north corner Sev-
enth and Bryant sts.
PHOTO Studio, 2C39 Mission et.; old established: j
will sell .it a bartain now; business out of j
Cal. reason for selling; furnished living rooms I
attached; low rent.
SMALL dai— .- for Kale, Including routes: will
also eell house nnd barns. Apply LOUIS
LEVY, Mission road and Silver ave., S. F.
WFiLL equipped plating plant doing splendid j
business. tS'iO; worth $1300; sickness compels
quick sale. Uox. 498, CoU offlce.
CHIOKENS-100 young, laying pullets. White j
Leghorns and Mlnorcas; cheap. Apply at ;
4140 Telegraph ave., Oakland. j
GROCERY and bar; good business; selling ac-
count sickness. 1111 Howard St., cor. Langton. |
A«MAN of energy and some means wishes a
specialty to handle. Box 4S2, Call office.
QUARTER medium Peerless press, type. etc..
cheap; easy terms. 100~Vs Folsom st.
FOR Bale — Chicken ranch; good bargain. In-
quire ttt 211 Harlem et., Oakland.
HOUSE and office painting done cheap by day
or contract. Box 441. Call offlce.
$SS— BARBER Fhop for sale. 36 Market st
A SURK investment; I am a Jockey rldli.g for
a large stable now racing at Tanforan race-
track and in a position to furnish som» very
acquaintance of a confidential buslnt n man !
with $1000; chance to make a fortuns; all i
business must be strictly confidential; I will ;
positively prove on interview a good thins;
gamblers, fakers and touts -need not reply.
Address Jockey, box 406. Call offlce.
RESTAURANT for sale— Good place for man
: and wife; good reason for selling. Call C90
| Fourth gt.. S. F. j
flOO— RESTAURANT; must be sold to-day on
account of sickness. 14S Fifth ct.
A PALOON with S roomF. alro bar and fix-
tures; 2 blocks f?t>m Call building; nrrth of
Market: reasons departure for the East. Call '¦
', for particulars at S. BLUMENTHAL & CO., ;
\ G58 and CGO Mission Et. • j
A— $4000; BREWERY and bottling works; own- j
er has other business; cannot attend to both; ,
will 6*11 half or whole. See owner. 6C5 Battery.
, STORE to rent in best block of Market st. ;
10x30, with upper floor and large basement;
bonus wanted. Box 10S3, Call offlce.
RESTAURANT for eale cheap; good location;
email expenses: rays good and good reasons
I for selling. Call at 55S Green st.
FOR sale — A 3S-rcx?m lodging-house; price rea-
eonable. 649 Howard et., near Second.
j BAKER'S large portable sand oven. $40. 3252
Mission st.
: CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st:
I A BRANCH office /cr Call advertisements and
[ subscriptions has been established at Hftg
Valenc-ia ft. *
LODGING-HOUSES KOR SALE.
! 27 ROOMS on Powell St.; rent $175; price. .$1900
7 rooms on Taylor «=t.; rent $20; price 635
! 15 rooma on Geary St.; rent $63; price.*.... 1000
! 14 rooms on O'Karrell St.; rent $GU;*price.. 800
; 12 rooms on Pcpt et. : rent *V); price iOO
! IS rooms on O'Farreil St.; rent $65; price.. T50
; 20 rooms on Mission ft.; rent $f-Q; price... 1100
i 16 rooms on Howard St.: rent $25; price... 750
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
I TVILLEY. S16 Market st.; phone black 6215.
| A— 22-ROOM houre; central $ICOa
! 20-room house; first clan; 10. r .Q
11-room houpe; J475: 6-room flat 325
I 20-room house: Eddy: rsnt $75: only 600
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
SNAP; 11 rooms; furrishe.1; clears J25 per mo.;
! only $123. FISHER & CO.. 1022 Market st.
; BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list;
I fine bargains in lodging-houses. Samples:
302 room*; rent KJ; price SJSQO.
! 12 rooms; rent J34; price $400.
W<? loan money to buyers at 1-/4 per cent.
! SCHWEINHARD & CO. 917 Market ft., bc-
i tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
; 17 ROOMS on Eddy st. : rent IJO '
\ 3f> rooms on Howard St.: rent 142 SoM)
9 rooms on Jones Et; snap 375
10 rooms en California st R!»
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Sddy st.
j M. GRIFFIN. 71* Market st., room 1. Free list.
New bargains every day — good paying houses.
I Over J00; all size* and prices; terms easy.
i 16-I!OOM lodglns-housse: pp.ylng; will sell rea-
i nonable. Box 235, Call offlce.
A BARGAIN— House, 27 rooms and full; no
i work; cheap rent. Inquire Call office.
I CC0— LODGING-HOUSE. 14 rms.. newly furn.
i Inquire 163 New Montgomery, cor. Howard.
I A FURNISHED hous« of 7 rooms; paying well;
I cheap rent. 1315 Stockton .et.
I A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
j 36 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
< COLUMBUS nt'GGY CO . clearance sale; low
[ wheel, rubber tire, road wagon. $S0; other
i Ftyles at proportionately low prices; suitable
I Xmas presents. Markt. nr. 9th., opp. St. Nich."
i FOR sale — Covered box wagon; first-class
order: ready for use; price' low. W. F. MUP.-
APKY. UCS Mission «t.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. FQAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, nlngle. also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. S32 Mission.
NEW tz 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts A har-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
-PIRITUALISSI. —
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit^
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
fulls, divorces, deaths; unites the teparated;
mining a specialty; drs. Sun., Wed., Frl. ev*s;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
tU Eddy st-. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no «lgn.
MRS. HARRISON— Medium, test, readings; se«
her clr. Tues. Tburs., Sun. S58 Mission st. ¦
HELP WANTED-M-J-B.
"WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to knoxr
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still •
runs Denver House. 217 Third st ; ISO larga
rooms; 15c per night; It to $2 per wee_.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
weeks required: position guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, «35 Clay St.
FOR sale — A good-paying country barber shop
and baths, suitable for married man. Ad-
dress box 355, Call office.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hair
price. C62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCITESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-rooms; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription-
received at Call branch, offlce. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1003
Valencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
HORSE and mar* for sale cheap: .rood for
farm work, mare good for breeding, at SS.
corner Taylor and Bay sta.; price J75.
40 HOUSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse M-rlcet,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN It DOYLE. Auctioneers.
I|ORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL, CC5 Golden Gate are.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate: suit-
able for grocery. See owner, 15S Ninth st.
FOR sale — 2 horses, cheap, at Anchor Brew-
ery. 1431 Pacific St., near Larkin.
A SHETLAND pony for sale; 3 years oU;
cheap. 1373 Eddy st.
HOUSES TO LET. ;.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; s^nd for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. U Montgomery.
A 15- ROOM bouse, > baths, etc.; marine — lew;
rent only $50; 1347 Taylor, nr. Washington.
W. H. CRIM te CO.. 118 Montgomery st
BAY-WINDOW house of S rooms, bath, hot
and cold water: basement. 2T24 Powqll •--
HOUSE of 4 rooms; good condition. 27 Lang-
ton st.
MODERN house. Presidio Heights, U rooms
and bath: 3113 Jackson: rent reasonable. Ap-
ply MADISON A BTJRKE.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FINE furniture, complete, of «-room cornsr
flat for sale: no dealers. 411C Van Njm.
PACIFIC are., 1547—7 rooms, bath, store room,
lawn; $30 to good tenant. Apply mornings.
INVALID CHAIRS AND TEICTCI.E3.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames trlcycls
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AXD FOL'.ND.
LOST— Tuesday morning, a muffler with initials
L. D. B. Finder please return to Call offlca
and receive reward.
GREAT Dans dog- (brindle): $20 reward: r«-
turn to 148 Third St.: no question* asked.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel; femalo. Kcturn
S34 Turk st. and receive reward.
LOST — Brindle and white greyhound dog. lla-
turn to E. D. FALLON. Eighteenth, ¦>— and
San Bruno ave.: reward.
LOST— A round diamond scroll brooch. Nov. 21.
Finder will be liberally rewarded by return-
ing same to THOMAS H. BROWNE. 20 Front
St., corner Pine.
LOST — Saturday. Newfoundland dog. curly
hair; white and brown spots. Return to 11 D«
Boom St.; reward.
FOUND — A 14-foot hunting boa'.; Nov. 23. Ap-
ply M. TALEVI. 2539 BaJter st.. Harbor Vi-vr.
MEDICAL,
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market-Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive euro
i guaranteed at ofn ce; ladies treated can return
borne same day; HINDOO HERB home cure.
any one can use it with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Mar-
ket. opp. 6th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco
for years: treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; con<<ul-
tatlon free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable' specialist; 23 yra.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth — Safe and r*U— bla ladles* physician:
treatment. SS: positive cure guaranteed: when
others fall consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years' practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at of— ce; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; ii>« free.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
clalist; safe and sure cure, $5; best cars; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, practical femala specialist for
37 years: can bo sent. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. GWTEB, ladles' specialist; homo
for rati>nts. M0 Eddy nt.
MIXES AXD MIMXG.
MONTEZUITA COPPER.
MONTEZUMA COPPER.
MONTEZUMA COPPER.
Many persons have bought Montezuma Copper
stock during the past ten days. More would
fcava bought had they known that under the
laws of Washington thU stock Is non-asscsa-
able. Further facts: Ten assays ahow av-
erage value of $61 23 per ton. The _Iontezum_
has eighteen valuable properties 1_ the Cas-
cade Range fifty miles from. Tacoma . The
mines are permanent fissure vein*. Properties
can be worked cheaply through drainage tun-
nels. No expensive machinery nee-Se— Abun-
dant supply of timber, coal, water and Uuie.
Ores simple pyrltlc. easily amettered and con-
centrated. The Motttezuma has no debts, no
mortgages. Its management represents thsi
highest character In the State of Washington.
Just now the stock (par value $1) Is offered
at 4 cents cash or 3 cents on Installments.
Anybody can buy It; the wlra man will buy
it. Ores and maps at this ofilce. For addi-
tional Information see our advertisement In
San Francisco .Bullet In of November 24 or ca'l
or write for prospectus. THE AMERICAN
GUARANTY AND TRUST COMPANY. Sell-
ing Agents. 31>) Safe Deposit building, Saa
Fra ncisco.
MONTEZUMA COPPER.
MONTEZUMA COPPER.
MONTEZUMA COPPE-t.
MlSCKLUA.MiOlS— KOK »,ILK.
BOILER^Pl^SlnesT~id^hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 133-»7 Fremont at.
UARS. back bars, mirrors, showcases.counters.
linoleum. n«w and second-hand: wo aJwari
ha\» a large stock of .saloon outflts on hand;
33 complete outfits or> our floor, ready made;
we can sblp everything In 21 hours. J.
NOON AN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above SUth: write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for 13 down ani
IS per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $J per month.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
rlnes boiler*, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. ' WHITELAW. 21* Spear at.
FILIPINO horse broke to saddle and harness:
good strong buggy: second-hand wagon an.1
cart; also St. Bernard dog. Apply 410 Maple.
A BEAUTIFUL white solitaire diamond stud
for $75: cost originally $130. UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant ave.
Jft— SINGER family sewing machine; great bar-
gain. 700 Eddy st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1315 Mission St.. nr. 13th.
FOR sale— Singer sewing machine; party goln*
Kast. 607 Ash ave. .', •
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave. , f.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDIXE'3. 220 Fremont st.
FOR sale?— 3 thoroughbred dachshund dum: on«
black. CO Merchant wU
HELP WAWTEP— FEMAJLE.
< PHOTOGRAPHIC printer wanted. TONXUTB
• Gallery. 122T Market st. __
GLOVH makers, dry thread, and apprentices
• wanted at 431 Fulton st.
WANTED— Girl for upstairs work; small tam-
¦ lly. Apply t to 13. tO33 Pleroe st.
i PATTERNS! PATTERN8!! PATTERNS!!!
At the McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School; all late patterns cut to order; satls-
i faction guaranteed; subscription free to our
handsome Fashion Journal to all entering be-
fore Dec IJ millinery eourse thorough and
practical; trimming a specialty; evening
das*. McDOWKLL, 101» Market st.
I MIDDLE-AGED woman to travel and appoint
agents; also 1 for branch office manager; J10CO
yearly; permanent: promotion. General Baa-
ager. 603 Star building. Chicago.
| GIRL wanted for housework; 1009 Jackson st.
i Call 10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
1 A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
. ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
: OPERATORS and finishers en gent'a whita
shirts; steady employment to good hands.
. t35 Valencia st.
' WANTED— Experienced saleslady In doll de-
partment: state experience, referanca anil
] salary expected. Box 410, Call office.
' GIRL for general housework and o^lclng;
1 wages $20. Call 722 Broderlcic st., near Mc-
Alllster. between 9 and 12 a. m.
; WANTED— Experienced saleslady in chinawate
1 department large retail store; state a?-?, ex-
perience. reference, salary. Box 411. Call.
' WANTED— Flrst-clasa alteration hands; state
experience, reference, salary. Apply box 109.
f Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED operators on children's woar
1 and shirt waists. Bauer Bros.. 21 Sansomc.
¦WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde st. ________
EXPERIENCED operators wanted on shirts;
' ' a few beginners taught. Apply the L.
'• ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery gt.
WANTED— Girl to learn to wait at table.
Restaurant, 12 Eighth st. '
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
1 ployment Agency. 9 Geary; ph. Black »71!>.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery, 536 Clay gt.
YOUNG lady to learn to be a medium and
travel with professional man. Box 332. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st.
HELP WAMED-MALB.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main M4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT TO-DAY 7 A. M
6 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, $70 and
found; 185 tiemakers and woodchoppers, 13c.
12c. lie and 10c each, $3. $2 50, $2, $1 50. $1.
80c cord, tools and provisions furnished; 3
farmers and wives. I3o. $40 and found: 6
choremen and boys. 12 farmhands. 6 milkers,
$26. $25, $20 and found; 3 Ingersoll drillers,
$90, see boss here; nurseryman, $35 and found;
wagon maker, $75; laborers and teamsters,
boys for factories, etc. i
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPT3
Cooks Waiters Dishwashers
Bakers Laundrymen Butchers j
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay St.
A SPECIAL
Offlce open to-day (Sunday)
from 9 a. ra. to 1 p. m.
Wanted— 50 more coal miners
to go to GalluD, New Mexico
Superintendent here to engage you
FREE KARE..LAST CTIANCE..FKEK FARE
Staxt Monday morning
C. R. HANSEN" & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook. $73; second cook. J40; railroad eat-
ing house, Arizona, free fare; meat and pas-
try cook, $00; broiler, ?50; 3 hotel waiters,
country. $22 50; waiter, family hotel, $30 to
$35; 6 bell boys and elevator boys. $10. $12.
$13; 2 neat bell boys, with references, flrst-
class country hotel. $15 and fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN &. CO 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Two Scandinavian or German wood-
choppers, $i0 and found. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter at.
i A— CARPENTERS. 10 cabinet makers. E bench
hands, shaper hand, sash and ' door man.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
Et, room 9; non-union mechanics please reg-
ister; new Jobs daily; no office fees.
BAHIIEHS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SALESMEN to sell Imported and domestic liq-
uors* principally fine Kentucky whiskies and
blends; case and barrel goods to jobbers and
saloon trade; good chance to the right men:
salary or commission. R. S. STRADER &
SON., 69 and 71 E. Water St., Lexington, Ky.
YOUNG man who can cut with short shirt
krlfe, to cut neckwear: steady position; salary
to start. Pacific Neckwear? Co.. IS Sutter st.
BARKEEPER. German preferred; state refer-
erces of last place; none but well recom-
mended need apply. Box 437, Call offlce.
BOY to learn trade. 16 years; good opportunity.
. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market et.
A HUSTLING salesman for a stock wagon;
must have some cash. S20 Geary gt.
! BOY. Paciac Electric Motor Co.. call between
7 anil 8 a. m. 1S3 Jessie st.
WANTED— A good stairbuilder. S19 DUrrond
St.. cor. Jersey.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion at S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GOOD dishwasher; one who can cook short or-
ders. Myrtle Bakery, Sixth St., near Howard.
! WANTED— Cook and waiter. 1012 Battery st.
j CHOREMAN wanted.' Jefferson Hotel. Hai-
bor View.
I WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
j Me. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
! WANTED— Tailor. ROOS BROS.. 25-27 Kearny
street.
BOY wanted to learn glove trade at 431 Ful-
ton st.
COLORED man or Japanese to wait at table
in candy .store. Apply to-day from * to 12, J
BLUM'S, corner Polk and Sutter st». I
GOOD reliable young man wanted to drive de- j
livery wagon; must furnish bonds. Box 445,
Call offlce.
WAGON woodworker. 537 Brannan st.
! UNDERPRBSSER on vests. BELASCO ft
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
2 BUSHELMEN wanted. Apply at The Hub.
j 132 Kearny st.. cor. Sutter.
I WANTED— Bushelmen at RAPHAEL'S.
! MAN with good references to manage business
of established house; salary $1S per week, ex-
pense payable weekly direct from headquar-
ters; expense money advanced; position per-
manent. Send self-addressed stamped envel-
i ope. Standard House, 303Caxton bldg., Chicago.
$900— GUARANTEED yearly salary, expenses &
extra commission; men &. women of good ad-
dress to appoint agents; new brilliant lines:
permanent positions; established house; rapid
promotion. Stafford Press Co., New Haven. Ct.
MAN to travel &. appoint agents; $1COO yearly A
expenses; bright future to hustler. Supt., 301
Star building, Chicago.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
COATMAKERS nnd pant?makers for country.
Apply Rg-33 BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
: FIRST-CLASS upholsterers. Mc'CANN. BELCH-
ER & ALLEN. 600 fc'utter st.
i WANTED — An errand boy for flower store. 9
Eddy- st.
WANTED— Boat builders. Apply 646 Second st.
• WANTED— Clean, quick, steady waiter. $45.
Ill Larkln St.*
WANTED-Man of business vxoerlence for a
position with a new corporation; must nave
$HK'O to Invest. Box 402. Call offlce.
• WANTED — Young man to learn barber trade.
Call at 721 O Farrell st.
. GET your shoes half-soled while wMtlnt. J5o
to 50c. :.C2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d «ts.
t STEADY shoemaker wanted: wages f) a week.
2140 Flllmore st.
i WANTED at once, an At all-round bread bak-
er; mutt be sober end reliable: good salary.
ltiiitril and lodctngs. New Englund Bakery.
Honolulu. II. rb
• WANTED —'Experienced electrical wlreman:
must be steady and reliable man: wages $3
per day. BAKERSFIEl.D GAS AND ELEC-
; TRIG LIGHT CO.. Baker»ncld. Cal.
. UUAND chance to get rich: drugstore, vicinity
¦ of Kills and Powell its. ; price $1500. Apply
A. M. SPKCK. 667 Market »t.
• Wa!*TEI>— At once, three or tour high-grade.
' reliable solicitors; men of gocd address: men
who can get subscriptions fcr The Saturday
Evening Post t Philadelphia); salary guaran-
teed to the right men. 53 Columbian build-
ing. 8an Francisco.
' WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 513 Sacra-
'• mento st.. near Montgomery; one of the few
1 ' respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
» ventilated rooms. A. McCREEKT, Prop.
. PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old. reliable
firm,' 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building;
pension vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
SPIRITUALIS9I.
MRS. B. M. DUVAL,
216 KEARNY ST., ROOMS J-10.
Late of Los Angeles.
Mrs. Duval is a natural born clalrroyant and
business medium. She tells your past, present
and future life, diagnoses diseases, cures deaf-
ness, etc If there are obstacles in the parth of
your life she can tell you how to overcome them
and how to avoid them.
Mrs. Duval has practiced successfully In Los
Angeles for the paat nine years for all the prin-
cipal business people, as well as those in the
highest society, and still has patrons there, to
whom she will continue to give her valuable
advice. »¦ - s
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at of flee or by letter;
sittings. $L 1164 O'Farrell st. ; ta\e Ellis car.
MME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has
returned; fee 2Ec and SOc. 708 Ellis st.
MRS. DR. GILSON. 614 Jessie St., near 7th:
circles Tues.. Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m.; sit, dally.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
EDW. EARLE, slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
cor. Taylor; Sunday night, Pythian Castle.
¦•CONSULT Watson." 1581 Mkt. St.. nr. 12th;
medium, clairvoyant. r»>'chlc. palm.; SOc. «.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAlll»ter-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. BERNARD
| This famous clairvoyant and business medium
is now permanently located at 17 Third St.,
next Examiner bldg. MME. BERNARD rends
your life correctly without asking questions,
tells your past, reveals to you your future,
gives valuable advice in all affairs of life;
by her wonderful power she unites the separ-
ated; if you are in trouble of any kind, un-
happy or sick consult MME. BERNARD; she
has never failed to give satisfaction to any
who have sought her aid. These are exciting
days In oil stocks in California, and you will
find her advice as to what to buy and when {
to sell of great value. Any business you are |
contemplating going into see MME. BER- j
NARD; her advice will be of great value to
you; satisfaction guaranteed. Consult in per-
son or by mail. Separate parlors for ladies.
TO THE PUBLIC.
MME. RAVENNA.
No. 5 Fourth st.. near Market..
Takes great pleasure in informing the com-
munity that the has been before the public of
this coast for many years and she takss pride i
in saying that she has never failed to give !
satisfaction to any patrons who have sought \
her aid and assistance In reading the past and .
divining the future.
Among the many accomplishments of the |
madame, she gives an accurate description of I
the past, reveals the present happenings and
portrays events to occur in the future.
She also locates mines and can tell you at a
glance what business you are best fitted for.
When all other mediums fail-to give names,
consult Mme. Ravenna, the . originator of
names given, who never falls.
ISMAR. THE GYPSY.
, ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
: uncurtained years ahead; happiness and suc-
1 cess go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where
; success is possible were it net for a lack of
! foresight into the future. If you are in trou- |
ble of any kind, discontented, unhappy or not ;
satisfied in life, consult ISMAR. for she is a ;
I prophetess of world-wide fame, and her name •
has become a proverb in thousands of homes \
i made hai>i>y by her aid and advice. ISMAR i
can be consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. j
m.. Sundays by appointment only, at her of-
flce. 114S Market St., opp. Sixth. Full life i
reading by mall, $5.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 3206 Mar-
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 •
( and 26; tnke elevator. Perfect sa.tlsf action i
i guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
; let with special terms. |
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladtes SOc.
gents SI; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
I given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
I anteed; 2ic up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner. ,
! MRS. E. PANDERS. 514 Taylor St., near Geary j
I — Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium; !
j ladies' circle Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Frl., 8; cir. 25c. I
| ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant nnd j
I palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp j
! fith; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. j
: REMOVED— The great inspirational card read- !
er; price 25c and 6Cc; hours 10 a. m. till i» p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN, 228 Fulton st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader; .
sittings dally. 4tSVi Jessiest.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant; fee 25c. 343V4 I
Minna St., near Fifth. !
MME. ZERKDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm- |
1st and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st. j
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me- J
(Hum; 25c up. 823 Mission, nr. 4th; ring bell. |
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business ,
medium. 115 Kearny St., rooms 8-10.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken. <
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and i
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission, j
MME. RAVENNA reads lire fluently: business 1
advice; names given: 2."c up. 5 Fourth >t. !
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly j
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the j
I'ntted States, postpaid, for $1 per year. :
CARPET llEATi;VG AXO CLEANING, i
WHEN you become disgusted with poor woric i
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-Beat- i
Ing Works 333-257 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40. |
_ i
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan- i
. kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned, I
3c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106. j
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 3c. ;
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 814. \
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno- I
vatlng Co.. 241 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. II. \
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st.;-tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAI.COM, proprietor. j
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 GoMen j
rint» ave.: telephone East 12S. . i
CHIUOPODISTS. :
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure, i
palnlp«*; consult'n free. Dr.Duncan.4I5 Sutter. |
j COLI.ECT1OX OFFICES. I
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agen^^o~chargTun^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market Et.
COTTA fiES TO I .ET. {
$12— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms, bath and
floored basement; cement sidewalks; lot 25x I
143; 1 block from business street of city.
Inquire 2303 Clement ave., Alameda.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; gas; large yard; |
basnneht and Etable for three horses; if re- \
quired will give lease. 219 Point Lobos ave. j
OAK, 14J3, fronting Park— Charming cottage, 1
rooms, bath. Inlaid floors; rent $37 CO. BALD-
WIN &. HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
tl(V— COTTAGE (rear). 4 rooms and attic; gar-
den; water free. Apply 112H4 Filbert st.
$6— HOUSE of 4 room?, worth $14; in city, near
Holly Park: water free. 61 Silver st., off 3d
2S33 TWENTY-FIFTH ST.— Cottage, 3 rooms;
large yard; rent $S.
FOLSOM. 2326— Cottage; 7 rooms and bath;
large yard.
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTALCLINIC. $03 MaN
Uet st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
}3 bo up; plates, extractions free, $4 £0 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prlr.es for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW. plate, the unbreakable Rose ' Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c;
crowns, $3 60: plates, full set. $5; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth at.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors. 1013
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh: consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
day^. 1C01 Market ft., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate.. DR. II. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk at.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; painless extraction,
COc. New York Dentists. S69 Mission, cor. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
¦ postage paid.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA9ISTRESSKS
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds p'leat-
Ing, pinklny. 121 Poet, over O'Connor &M.offattTHE SAN FKAN€ISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOTEMBEK 25, 1900.
37
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLL scientific palmist, SIS
Taylor it., bet. Qeary and Post; tel. Biaclc Wl.
MME. NEERGAARD, 700 Post; tel. Hyde. 23St:
hours 1 to 6 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
SCIENTIFIC reading: of character, 60c; instruo-
tlons and lectures given, lit Geary st.
PATENT S AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GKO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner t>1«
PERSONALS.
A REFINED widow. 29, wishes the acquaint-
ance of a gentleman of means; object matri-
mony; references exchanged. Address box «20.
Call of floe.
GENTLEMAN desires acquaintance of a re-
flned lady under SO; object matrimony. "08
Kill, st. [ _^
A GENTI.JCMA.X desires the acquaintance of
a lady; object matrimony. Box 419, Call.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is the only preparation
that will restore gray and faded hair to na-
tural color and at the came time cure dan-
druff and eczema of the scalp, stop falling and
Brow new hair; therefore the best and the
cheapest; sold by druggists and hairdressers.
ADOPTION. ~
A good Christian home it f.pen for a healthy
boy baby. MRS. DR. FfXKE, 1416 Eightu
St., Alameda.
BOY or girl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
Fl-NKE. 14 16 Eighth st. Alameda.
AT the. "'Hlrsutine" company. 6 Eddy St., all
ecalp and hair diseases cured; try their Titian
hair restorer; stops hair from falling; makts
it soft. Address MRS. E. R DL'NLAP.
LEDERER makes a specialty of men's and
women's wigs; opera halrdresEinfr ur-to-date,
25c only; the very latest. 123 Stockton st.
STRICTLY private and secluded residence away
from the public Faze, for the treatment of
women: confinement cases taken. MRS. DR.
KUNKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
¦LEDERER'S Quintonica. used as a hair tonic
by the best people; s:c boL
RECEIPTS for removing superfluous hsir and
insomnia cure, 10c each. Parisian Chemists,
P. O. box 145. Oakland. Cal.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo should be on every
. dressing ca.se; cleanses thoroujhly; Be pkg*.
Electrolysis for superfluous hairs and moles;
work guar. Mi»s Slaughter. 502 Taylor st.
8ECRETS THAT WIN- Knowledge that pays;
eclence that brings business & social success—
cures dlxeese and bad habits; wins love and
friendship; gratifies ambitions; gives wonder-
ful power and control over others; you can
learn home; write for illustrated book: ex- .
plains all hidden mysteries of Personal Jlaj-
I netism. Hypnotism, Magnetic Healing, etc.
It's free. Address New York Institute of
! Science. Dept. 1KB. Rochester. N. Y.
PARTIES contemplating trip to and from Ha-
waiian Islands, with first-class accommoda-
tions, and wishing to be taktn care of, may
Join advertiser; enclose stamp for reply. Ad-
dress "Excursion," bcx 2, Novau, Cal.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second et., N. Y.
j RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
i chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
I rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 703 Fifth, Oakland.
j LADIES— Bust enlarged 6 inches; failure lm-
) pofsible; harmless; $100 Kuarant-e; proof free.
Leonard Medicine Co.. Kansas City. Kans.
"MUSH on" over the Ice to N'>rr»c; -n_cie trip
last winter; will conduct parry, carry letters
or transact business en route via Daweon.
Box 4C8, Call offlce.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton Pt.. near Broadway.
AN experienced detective wishes work; mluins
cases specialty; refs. Detective, S. F. P. O.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
I MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792;
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furnitur*- cleaning a specialty; fine up-
: hol-tery. HQPKE BROS.. 31S and 320 11th St.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
j Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to Jl 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
: free 'tus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on inrtallments; S15 upward; SI
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St., be-
twe*n Seventh and Eighth.
FINE suits. *W: dress pants. $2 75. JilSFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
j A— J3 6u DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 73. Popu-
! lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
! MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wl£n;
j country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
LEDERKR'S Quintonica Is a Eup»rb hair tonic; '
uncurpassed ; SSc bottle. US Stockton st.
! MRS. Dr. James positively cures rheumatism
without drugs or medicine. 23 Eddy. rm. 30.
' ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
; moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
J ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
I tl 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
I SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
1 male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
j — —
i DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
i corn cure; I5c; all druggist*.
• SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under Et. Nicholas Hotel.
¦ OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
I bought. J. R. JENKEL. gl7 Market St.
! ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
' heir to Its natural color: $1: at all druesrlsts.
PHYSICIANS AND SURCEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1C21>4 Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOIt SAL 13.
Established January. l&S.
1 Real Estate Agents.
f Full charge tak^n of property.
j 626 Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel.
J6500— PINE Bt.. near Scott; 2 flats; rent $57 50;
lot BlWi MADISON & BURKE.
$7000— INSIDE of Fillm'ore. in the best part of
the -Western Addition: 3 flats; rent X55; must
be sold; will take small house In nice part of
the city a_ part payment. MADISON &
BURKE.
! LAUNDRY building with 2 flowing: wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120. on north
line of Lombard St., bet. nilmore and Steln-
er; a'.«r> lot 152x120 on Chestnut St.. In rear,
rente $73 p<t month; must be. sold on account
of nor.-residence MADISON & BURKE.
! BUPT-ST. corner, near Kearny; lot 60x70, with
larse, substantial buildings: rents $230 per
i month. MADISON & BURKE.
I MI3SICN-ST. bargain, near Twelfth; large lot;
new in-provercentH. store and flats: rents $110;
price IlS.Offl. MADISON & BURKE.
; *in.r.m>— FINE vacant property: lot 87:6xS0. with
I 2 corr.erT; Taylor and Greenwich rts. ; Just the
; place for a grocery. MADISON & BURKE.
| $£000— AN elegant north corner in the Presidio
] Heights district; €0x90: this is choice prop-
erty and very ch*ap. MADISON & BURKE.
; tCiO<>— BUSH ft., near Webster; 8 rooms and
bath; elegantly finished Interior; 27x100.
_MAPIPOX & BURKE.
j »«2:A-HAYES-ST. flats, near the Park; lot 2Ix
137:6; rents *f>5: must be Bold; north Mne of
! etreet, and modern. MADISON & BURKE.
] J2S0O— NICE 7-room house on Noe St.. near Hill;
! lot 2SXS0. MADISON & BURKE.
j ISOO— XLA.UBCH st.. near Howard! large iotT
y.-ith double hou*-; big rent; must sell.
MADISON & liURKE.
JU.COO— AN elegant marine view house, in the
best of condition; will take a smaller house
for part Day if not tooJTar out. MADISON
PINE »-t.. near Fcntt; double house: eunny
small house; 51:6x137:6; cheap. MADISON &
KSH— KLATK in the W. Add., near the Pan-
handle; rent ?45; thoroughly modern and
street bitumlnlied. MADISON & BURKE.
, SUTTER St.. td'rner of Buchanan; 33x87:6: only
fSCCO. MADISON &. IJURKE.
iAV. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
Y McAllister St.. opposite City Hall; 60x87 :».
Potrero block; well located for manufacturing
or warehouse purposes.
Broadway, near Gough; 6 rooms and bath-
13x130.
$5i00— A bargain; Market st., near Church: 7
rooms *and bath; 25x100.
Two neat ccttages of 5 rooms and bath each;
literal termfc. •
*6500— Thirteenth St., nrar Folsom: 3 flne flats;
lar_«> lot.
jeoOO-Pecond St., near Brannan; store and flat;
ZSx&O.
14250— Tenth fit., near Folsom: 2 flats; 25x102.
12500— Diamond et., near Eighteenth; 4 rooms,
Ftabl*. well: 40x125.
JIGOQ— Corner. Twenty-first and Collingwood
sts.; 17x75.
J12T.0— Liberty St.. near Dolores; 25x114.
tlZM— I-*** on Bryant et., near Eighteenth:
25x100: etreet accented.
$1000— Church, near 16th: 25x100.
•|1'»C— 4 lots in University Homestead; 100x100.
Cheap lots on installments; no Interest.
_________________
Murt be sold or exchanged; hotel {almost
modern). CO room*, 3 stores; lot Zjx\2} feet;
main street: near city: sure to clear SIM a
month; J7CO0. A. M. SPECK & CO.. t*7 Mar-
kfet et. - :
FOR eale or rent — House of 8 rooms; also two
lots In Mission; bargain if sold Immediately.
Particulars 1524 Stockton 9t ¦
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 630 Market; 2d mortgages; estates.
SXISCE'L.I-AjrKOCS — FOB SALE.
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racka, com-
rlete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX
16 O'FarrcI! St. * '
rinST-CLAES ascend hand modem engines and
bo-.lert bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
THOTOCRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery nt.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and flr« and buirlar
proof fafe. ::S California st. DUI * lar
roO-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com.
plfte; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission Bt.
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
salts for $2 CO. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stkta.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iroa and wood
rlar.ers. lathes; id-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lar. terns, new and Sd-hand: moving
Pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post e£
E^FT S^£ N o W £ nd 6 «' con< l-hand; all sizes. THE
•« AI/TZ SAFE. 10MH Market St.. San Frait
MISCELJLAXKQI^V^AATS^^
0^ 01111^ 01 toT * wholesale order to
furnlth ChriFtn-as u-ees; any amount; any
sizes. Address box 112. Call offlce.
1101 * 00 bulletin for March
X:.~i , end , 19 > Is "; Quote price. W. F. PUR-
NELJ-. frac-r-nifnto. Cal.
V^£ T1 - :D ~' San Francisco Call for January.
«?H^?,^,' . 8nd Ma «:h. 1*30: Quote price. \V. F.
KTJtUiBLJLk Sacramento, Cal.
"WANTED— 40 H. P. engine; CO K. P. boHer: __
a -?- e _y r g-ega-rate. Box 431. Call ofnce.
"W1LCOX sewing machine In good condition;
nate lowest terras, nox 130, Call offlce.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
giMd. Silverrr-.n. f84 Folsom; tel. Folgoro 1191. '
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st.; tel. Jessie 141.
"WANTED— Upright riano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. ITin Market Bt.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
ANY amount on furniture, planoe. without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or — * a whole; If you
ow« a balance on the purchase price we will
ray it and carry the loan as long as you da-
Fire 1 ; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you will te waited upon «juletly and
quickly. Call 6g-6» Donohoe bidg.. 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortages
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sort, and slzes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to lean at rates which people can j
aSord to pay on furniture, planoe, etc. ; do (
not borrow of your friends or you will lose- j
their friendship; do buEines* with strangers j
and you will l.b better satisfied; no delay; no
rut^iclty. Rooms » and 10. 806 Market et.
iiNT amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing bus:ness else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. ;? Montgomery, r. _.
ANY rropocition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgage?, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel j
mortgajrej. life insurance. Room 16. first Poor, j
<-*h-onicie building. HALLORAX & OL.SEN. |
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain I
.liberal advances on diamond?, jewelry at low- j
«-st ratf-s. Baldwin Jewelry Store. &4i» Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St. j
A— $509,000 on city and country real estate and
?states; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erais. J. I3KOWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
J.IOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
-.-atches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
I>:&.nof: no removal, low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. S f 'l Jones st.. cor. Eddy.
MOSfET loaned salaried people without recurity.
HILL, rm. <«. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Canfornia.
LOANS, 1st cr Id mtgs; city, country: 6% undl-
vided ir.ts; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN S Salary Loan Co.. S6C Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried people without cecurity; all bupi-
ness confidential. Tcusley Co., 321 Parrott bid.
f!O0,OG0 TO loan on real estate or for building;
iow rate. Home E!dg Co.. _22 Sartome, rm. 2.
HONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
iow rate, m Market st.. n>om i.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dent'.-l; on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
ir.doreer. MOREh'LL, 60S Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In- :
dorser. S F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL. ISSTRL'ME.\TS.
WE are offering the finest lines of good and Tie- '
Eirabie guitars, mandolins and banjos ever
fhowa on the coa?t; they are of the cele-
brated "R^sal"' and "Ideal" brand and are
tjecuties; the prices are very reasonable and
you can buy on payment* if you wish; noth-
ing finer for a holiday present. MAUVAIS
ML'SIC CO.. 7«3 Market et.
A <1OOD article is the beet "bargain" for any
one to buy; when you buy a fJecker — : Son,
or a Packard piano, you always get a "bar-
gain," as it will last a lifetime and please
everybody; we try to arrange payments to
•uit your convenience, if possible, and take
treasure in showing you the go.yjs. even If
you do not want to buy Just now. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market Et.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
¦ <aei«st payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the b*«t
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ijege given to exchange medium and low-
priced plar.os for a. new Steinway ajjy time
within three years from date of purchase.
Ht-autiful new uprights sold for $» cash and
it per month. We offer to sell some pood
pianos for 13, $4 and J3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
ccrner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land, j
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive whole?a!« !
and retail piano house, weet of Chicago;
agent perrless Heine and Hallet & Davis,
Boston's oldest and most famous piano, and
ten ether rr.akes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase.
3 Heine uprights $327
1 Maeon _c Hamlin 200
2 Btefawmgns 195
1 cfcickertnp 1C5 •
1 Marshall & Wendell £5
1 Emerson , _5
HEINE riANO CO.. 217 G«ary St.; open
evr r.lngs.
ABSOLUTELY th« oldest and largest houxe
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 2*
H and 3i O'Karrell st. ; pianos, organs and ;
_.!! other musical instruments of all graces j
an3 prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing io!-2ible done to please, and satisfy the I
customer. !
A BARGAIN LIST. ~ " j
Cor.over Walnut. Befcr Bros, mahogany ?te r - i
l!ng walnut, Karon ebonlzed Hallet & Davi* '
Halnes Ero3., at sacrifice: $;40 up. BENJ !
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st., Chickerlng '
j
A FINE new upright plann. strictly Trut-claKS, i
SIC; three days on!y. THE J. DEWING CO.. i
F1o"d bullflinr.
ELEGANT new upright piano; used 6 months:
must be sold this week; leaving city. 332 Turk.
VJOIvONCHLLO: will pay fair price for flrst-
rlasa instrument. Box 490, Call offioe.
HIGH-«iBADE piaoos; RtecK. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 214 Post.
NEUMAN upright, $73; Sherwood. JS3: Peek.
HOP: other han;aln*. BRUEXN, 3HJ Post st.
AT KKEFKE'iN 522 Market ft., 4 elegant up-
righls at your own price. Shoninger. agency.
CHEAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
KB*H Installments. Hcrnung, 216 McAllister.
8OHMEK &: CO.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Splel-
n-.arn and Hamilton piano*. 3CS Post Ft.
EEST rent •tick |n city: new piano-; $1 per
month. PCOTT-CUItTAZ. 660 Have- tu
EUPKRIOU violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, rrpnirer. 2 Latham place.
A clearing out of pianos for utorwge: dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market.
A BARGAIN: must b* sold: nice upright piano.
fCHMTTZ. 1« M"Alllytor ft.. n*_t Hlb. Bank.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LIST.
PART of store to let. 404 O'Farrell St.; low s
rf-r.t.
A— 410 KEATtNY. modern runny ofnce*. $7 up-
ward : light, water. Janitor iservlce* included.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
K.EKN raver Oil Land*— Proven territory in
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
tb! j : ; S'< uther oil land for sale or !ea?e; most
vrr.nderful oil field known: over £>80 feet of oil
rar.d; buy from owners arid save commissions;
l.avs been Jn field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. ICEWTON,
<\U>MAN & SOMES. 1C1 Chronicle bldg.. San
Krancteco: 416 I>ou_las Block. Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. Bakersfield.
A rOi'.TUNi; for JSOQ-The Crat U. S. r>at*Pt
ell land on the market In 20-acre tra.ts; wr.i
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLEY. 918 Market -.1.. S. K.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. J38 Pine street.
ME-1BER " PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Coontry correspondence solicited.
HEAL ESTATK — CITT — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AOKNTS,
14 MONTGOMERY STRBETT.
$_SW— Rents $156 per annum; $250 cash, bal-
ance $25 per month: brick building of 8
rooms and lot; north of Market et.
$2500— Rents f40S per annum; 4 flats and lot.
£3xS5 ft., near 9th and Harrison, sts.
$250fr— Very cozy cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
near 13£h and Sanchez Bts.; easy terms.
$2S0O— Cozy cottage of 6 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements; large lot, 34x80
caro; nice location in the Mission.
JSiOO— Rents $444 per annum; store with atoek
. and fixtures included and flat of & rooms
and bath: business locality at a trans-
fer point: 26:f>y.x87: irregular.
$3700— Rents $422 per annum; 2 substantial
flats of 5 rooms and bath each; 25x122:6
ft.; Mission Warm Belt, near 18th and
Howard sts.
$4000 — Rents J624 per annum: 6 tenements and
lot 60x80 ft., near 6th and Brannan sts.
$5000 — Clay Et. ; modern two-story and large
basement house of 7 rooms and bath,
etc.. etc.; 25xK2:SH ft.; Pacific Heights.
$5200— Rents $672 per annum; near ISth and
Guerrero sts. ; 2 flats of 5 and 4 rooms
and bath each; and 2-story house of 7
rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc.;
67x90 ft.
$7500— Near 10th and Mission Bts.; 4 flats: large
lot, 80:2x80 ft.; only about one-third of
lot has been built upon; this could be
made a \-ery good paying Investment by
covering the lot with buildings.
$10,250— Pacifle Heights; very choice location;
50:6x127:6; cottage of 9 rooms and bath.
$10,500 — Presidio Heights; marine \iews: corner
residence lot. 68:9x127:8^ ft.; the most
elite location of the Presidio Heights.
New Pocket Map of 8an Francisco County 25c.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
O. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
14 Montgomery St.
LTON & HOAG.
114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
A CHARMING HOME SACRIFICED,
$4000— $800 cash, balance to suit; eplendid I-
story house; contains 8 large sunny
rooms, bath, etc.; located close to Cas-
tro and Nineteenth sts. ; large lot, 60x
114; beautiful garden.
$750 CASH, $30 MONTHLY.
$2730— Handsome new house overlooking Gol-
den Gate Park: contains 7 large rooms,
finished basement; up-to-date plumbing:
bay-windows front and rear: charming
situation: Ninth ave.. near K St.. two
blocks south of the. Park.
$4000— Rent. $54; flne interest-paying property;
Vailejo st., near Mason: improvements,
flats and houses; lot 45x137:6; very cheap.
CORNER IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
$12,000— Howard st., near Second; frame build-
ing; lot 30x00.
FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$10,000 — Prominent corner at the MiFSion: sub-
stantial building; grocery and saloon; 2
flats above; lot 60x80; rent $1CO.
FINE MODERN FLATS.
$5">00 — Close to the Park: contain 5 and 6 large
sunny rooms, baths and all conveni-
ences; lot 25x125; < rent, 552 50; cheapest
flats in the district.
STOCKTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
! $10,500— Rent $1200 per year: brick building. on
prominent corner; leased to one tenant.
PAYS 9 PER CENT.
$15,000 — 3 handsome corner flats, front Park
Panhandle: sun all day: contain 8
rooms, baths and all conveniences; lot
' 32xlC0.
NICE BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$36CO— Ront $33; 18th Bt., near Castro: contain
4 and 5 rooms, porcelain baths, hard-
wood floors In dining-room and parlors.
PARK PANHANDLE INVESTMENT.
$11,000— Pays 11 per cent; 2 swell flat3, up-to-
date in even* detail; >kltchen in center
of buildlnc: one of the best investments
in the market.
CLOSE TO VALENCIA AND MARKET.
$12,30O--Rent $115; 12 flats; lot 75x77^.
• LTON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
RED HOT BARGAINS "
AT-A. M. SPECK & CO.-AT
HARD TO BEAT? HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCK.
$7500.
Flats: brand new; east of Van Ness ave.;
rents $72.
$7250 INVESTED .
On Van Ness ave. produces $UO a montn over
taxes; must sell; elegant new Improvements:
this is five times what you get in savings
banks.
$S9cO.
Rents $100; 100-ft. front; near Taylor s*.; no
chance like it.
$10,500.
40-ft. corner on Second st.
$14,500.
Business property; rents $100; near new City
Hall.
$20,000.
Corner; 60-ft. front: vicinity Sutter. can of
Hyde; grand hotel, oflje* or rooming-house site,
rents $107.
$30,000.
Rents $2S5; elegant new improvements; &5-ft.
front; honest value.
/ $50.00>\
44-ft. front; vicinity of Tivoll; old Improve-
ment—; rents $200: block from Market, will
double surely In 10 year?.
$75,000.
Grand corner; 75-ft. front: within block of
Market St.; old improvements; rents $400; with-
in block of Hale's; worth $100,000.
$1CO,000.
Here is 10 per cent net; on a corner 70-ft.
front; guaranteed lease 6 years; building better
than the Palace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE— No time for trlflers. Cash talks In
our offlce. Try us.
Money to loan. G per cent, including tnxes.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 6C7 Market St.
SPLENDID
MANUFACTURING SITE
' NEAR NINTH AND BRANNAN.
Railroad facilities; three frontages; size 200x
200 feet; price $15,000; also lot 125x100 feet, same
location; price only $5000.
$17,000 — A fine investment property on cross-
town business Etreet; steady tenants; pays fine
Interest.
$5000— Rents $52 50; two flne new flats in Pan-
handle district; all latest modern Improvements;
wide lot: flne buy for the money.
i _^-^__
$5600— In Western Addition; Pine, near Pierce;
residence of 9 rooms, bath, pantry, etc.; large
lot with L.
REDUCED TO $4000.
Good home of 7 rooms and bath; on Stelncr
St., near O'Farrell; owner anxious to Bell.
$2600— A pretty Mission home, 6 rooms and
bath; wide lot; in first-class condition.
ONLY $)2£0.
4-room cottage on Noe St.; lot 28:6x105.
LOTS LOTS LOTS
In Pacific and Presidio Heights, on Pacific
ave., DevUadero, Vailejo, Clay sts., etc. ; all
prices. {
McAFEE BROS., 1C8 Montgomery st.
HAWKS & SKELTON. N.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$40,000— Choice Investment; Sutter Bt., near
Montgomery; central, safe; pays over 5
per cent net.
$15,Qf«— SW. Green and I>>a ven worth ; 137x137;
good dwelling; handsome grounds; su-
perb view; easy of access from Hyde or
Union st. cars: will tell house and 77
feet; make an offer.
$3500 — Corner lot; Hyde and Francisco; secure
$1925 view of bay; improving location; will
$1750 subdivide; 15 minutes from M-arket st.
HUiO— Geary, st., nr. Devisadero; rents $55 per
month; cood investment; make offer.
$55CO— Nice home; Octavla st.. near Broadway;
5 rooms, etc.: good neighborhood.
HAWKS & KKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— New 5-room house on Hoffman ave.,
near Elizabeth st.. cheap; lalso new 4-room
house on Hoffman ave., cheap; also "news-
room house on Prentlss st., cheap. James
Cotter, on Hoffman ave., has keys. ' JACOB
HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st. ,
UNIMPROVED lots In different parts of the
city. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter St.
$12,000—4 HANDSOME fiats on the~best corner
of Afhbury Heights: 10 months old; all rented
and paying over 10 per cent; 53 feet front- cost
$14,600: owner must realize; this Is a great
_bargaln. BCOTT.& HARRIS. 20 Post Pt.
J LOTS, J200 apiece: 1 Mock from Mlttston-st
oars; half a block from sehoolhouse; near
China ave. Apply 445 Valencia Bt
C. C. B13MI3. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 224 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Dougla«« sts.; muxt be sold; 80x114 fe»t
J1W0 — North line Carf St., near Stanyan"- ' 25x
137:6 feet. :¦ '
FOR sale, or would exchange for cottage arc
lot In San Fnuiclsco, S acres of rich black
loam, hous.e of 4 rooms and bath barn I
chicken houses, poultry, horse and buggy
cow. good water, cios- to railway station'-
price $1500. Inquire of owner, C. M. DEANF
Mountaln View Pfttofflce.' Santa Clara -Co!
$825— Laguna, near Lombard; a very cheap lot
ready for building; street Bewered and side
sewered : this lot must be sold. JEROMF
ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery st.
MODERN bouses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB gAJUP.
BALDWIN & HOWEU-.
10 MONTGOMERY BS.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENC--,
$11.000— Post st.: close in; largw, modern np-to-
date residence; 11 rooms and 2 baths;
¦ furnace, etc.; sunny side; lot 30x137:4.
VERT CHEAP COTTAGEv
$2, 7i0— Modern cottase, 6 rooms and bath; Trw-
mont ave. ; ona-half. block Xrom Haig-ht-
st. cars.
HAIGHT-STREETT COTTAGE. .
$6,250— Splendid home: 7 roonu and bath: sunny
tide; lot 27:6x137:6.
" " BUSH-STREET HOME.
$4,500— Two-story house; 7 rooms and bath: lot
25x137:6.
McALLJSTER-STREET FX.ATS.
$6,500— Two flats; S and 7 rooms and bath each;
rent $600 per yean lot 25x100.
GEARY-STREET INVESTMENT.
$2,5CO— Rents J240 per year; store and flat; lot
30:6x78.
¦ KEARNY-STREET CORNER.
$3,000 — Large corner lot; Kearny st,, in north-
erly part of city; 137:6x7o; Improve-
ments; rent $15.
CHEAP HOME.
t2,000 — Francisco St., near Dupont: house f
rooms and bath.
BP.ANNAN-STRF.ET INVESTMENT.
$3,0C0— Brannan. near 4th; large frame build-
Ing; lot 30:6x75; lot alone worth tha
money.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
Mission St., near 1st— 3 frontages; lot 94x99:6;
no piling needed for foundation.
RUSS-STREET INVESTMENT.
$5,E0O— Russ st., n^ar Howard; large house, 17
rooms and 2 baths; rents $50; lot 30x100.
GUERRERO-STRE-TT INVESTMENT.
$5,600— Rents $54 per month: lot 37x^0; 3 stores
and 2 flats; rear cottage; well worth
the money.
MeALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PHOPERTT.
$3,lC0-McAlllster Bt.. near Broderlck: lot 25x
100; 1-story building; store.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Bt.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
.....Opposite new Park entrance
....Rare chance for home builders and in-....
..vostment seekers
...Choicest building lots on very easy pay-...
..mente; on the H-st. electric cars and front-..
..Ing Golden Gate Park and the new 19th-..
..ave. boulevard; lots and streets on offl-..
..clal grade; macadamized
...Plank sidewalks, gas and water service...
....Low prlcfs; bound to increase in value....
..Your own terms; interest only 6 per cent..
..Monry advanced for building purposes; the..
..costliest and handsomest modern houses In..
..Sunset District are now being: occupied and..
..constructed on the new 19th-ave. boulevard..
..Call at once at our branch office (open..
..««k days, Sundays and holidays), corner..
..of If st. and Sth ave., south of Oolilen Gate..
...Park and t?k to be shown these beauti-...
..ful lots. Full particulars and price lists..
..also at our offlce
A HOMES LOT
FOR YOU.
TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS CASH.
Pric* JJMj only $25 cash; balance small monthly
payments; a splendid opportunity to commence
and secure a luture home.
GLEN PARK TERRACE.
One-halt blot-k from electric cars; only 25'min-
utea from City Hall; maps and full particu-
lars at office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
VON KHEIX REAL ESTATE CO. (fncT.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$13,000— Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x70;
i 3-story building; rents $132.
i $12,5O0 — I'nlon »t.. near Taylor: 3 modern flats
; and rfar hnuse? 25:9xl_S:9; irents $17.
$12.00) — Corner Hush ani Hyde; 25x57:6; store
! and 2 flats; rents $70 50.
$li\W»— Twelfth St., near Howard; 63x»3; }0-
reom dwelling.
JtisQO — Hayes St.. near Buchanan; 25x129 to
rear street; house of 9 rooms.
tOGOO— Folsom St.. near Xlighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
! rents $46.
$60ri0— Lombard, near Dupont; 40x90 to rear
ttreet; 4 flats; rents $56.
$r.2iO — California St., near Baker: 25:3xS2:6;
3 flats: rents $42 CO.
- $5600 — Green St., near Dupont; 16:6xS0; 3 bay-
window flats; rents ?55.
$5000— Rents $75 per month; corner 2 main
streets In northern part of city.
$4500— Florida st., near Twenty-second; 31x100;
4 flats; rents $IS.
$«500 — Kearny ft., near Union; 20xS0 to rear
street; 2 houses; rents $3S 25.
$27i)O— Central ave., near Hayes st. ; 25x100;
store and 4 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
Corner Golden Gate ave. and I>?avenworth;
137:6x137x6:
$12,500 — Cor. Clav st. and Central ave.: 86:3
xlM: will subdivide.
: $7000— Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth; 6Sx9S.
: $7o00— Valencia St., near Twenty-sixth; 60x90.
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts. ; will
subdivide; 55x100.
SI300 — Fulton Ft., near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Leguna **t., near Page; 25x100.
tZTJt each— Post ft., near PevlDadero; 2 lots.
J20<X> — Waller St., n»>ar Stanyan; 25x100.
$l?00— Bryant st.. near Twenty-third: 26x100.
$l75f>— Corner Castro and Alvarado: 26:6xl'>3.
S1500— Sutter st., near Lyon; 33:3xJGO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
CAN YOU SPARE S5 OR $10 A MONTH*
SELECT A GOOD LOT FROM US AT A
BARGAIN.
JCOO to $800 — Incomparable Sunset lote: graded.
$600 to $S30— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots; $5 monthly.
$100 to $150— Level* lots near Mission electric
cars; $5 monthly.
$500 to $1000— Splendid cottages near cars; In-
stallments like rent.
Branch office. Ninth ave., near H st. Open
every day and Sunday.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM 54, CHRONICIJG BUILDING.
T. P. RIORDAN, REAL ESTATE AGENT,
632 Market ft., Room 2.
$3300— COxl37:6: west side of Larkln st., near
Union: bituminlzed; grand view: must
be sold: make offer.
$36,000 — Fine large corner, fronting three streets,
with Improvements; near City Hall; fine
Investment; part cash, balance on 6 per
cent mortgage.
$13,500 — Sfb;"? feet; flne improved corner; south
of Market St., with flne Improvements:
always rented: $1275 yearly: bargain.
$C000— 4i*x85; west side of Valencia St., near
Twenty-third, with improvements; rent-
ed for $50; good bargain.
$15,0n0 — Beautiful corner residence of 16 rooms
and all modern improvements; flno lo-
cation; best bargain offered In the, <?5ty.
$25,000— Fine investment on Ma?on st., near
O'Farrell; Improved.
$57,500 — Fine Improved business corner, paying 1
near $,VM. ',
1 have several! fine cornets 30uth of
Market st. :' good Investments: payin.j
well; great bargain?.
M3.EWV— 55x120; Bush St.. near Polk; with good
improvements; must be nold; bargain.
Call and see me if you wnnt to sell or fail"
T. P. RIORDAN, U2 Marks! Sti
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine street.^
Opposite Nevada Bank.
$37M>— A nice house on Union at., near Jones;
a cozy home; fine view.
Reduced to $4250— A splendid 10-room house
and lot 32x12.j feet on Howard St., near 16th.
$4000 — Credit sale of a Park panhandle prop-
exty «n Oak St., near Central ave.; tine cottage
of (i rooms and bath: lot 25x110.
$11,000— Rent $123 per month; corner property;
let 54xS0, with 4 houses, stores and flats.
$3CU>— Rent $32; a dcuble flat and a cottage
l:i the rear: a bnrgaln.
$20.0CO— Mission st., near Sixth; n .first-rate
investment; lot 43x80, with two 10-room houses.
Nine line building lots on Thirteenth Et. and
Clinton Park, only a few feet west of Valencia;
will be sold very reasonable. ¦
J575O— Rent $528 per annum: 3-story; store
and 2 flats; a very Enus small business prop-
erty.
STOP AND THINK
About Imylng a level lot, with street graded.
at terminus great Santa Fe Railroad system
AT. POINT RICHMOND.
The aomins terminal city: Santa Fe.
McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery St..
-.. -:"- 1 :- . . Sole Agents.
$1S,COO — 12-ROOM corner residence; tremendous
bargain; flne commanding view; best loca-
tion in Western Addition: 50-ft. frontage. A.
M. SPECK •& CO.. 667 Market st.
~ $2250. . " , - -
BUSINESS - corner lot on California st.: 22:6x
100. G..H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FOR sale at* great sacrifice; 4-story and base-
ment business property, on Howard. St., be-
tween Fourth and Fifth: rents . $125 a month.
See owner. Bew Drug. Co... Alameda, Cal. -;
BENJ. H. LICHTENSTEIN, Blythe building,
14 Grant ave., offers' for sale 43 feot by 60
on' O'Farrell st.. near Mason.
IF you have • property north of the Park and
you wish to cell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. 630 California st. .
SHOTWELL and Army sts.; *3xll8. and 60 feet
wide in rear. Apply on premises.
RES AX ESTATE— CTTT— FOB, BAIJB.
EASTON, _5t_D>RXDGE & CO.
62S MAliKET STREET.
E3-BGANT DCTWNTOWN CORNBB.
116,000— Pays ever • per eeztt net: S beautiful
modern flats of 8. 9. 9 rooms at__ bath;
northeast corner 1 80 ft. front.
B_ZA.UT__"TOj WESTERN ADDITION FIATa
9,500— Two elegant modern flats of • rooms and
bath; rents $75 per month; sunny skia;
lot _7:6xlS0 ft.; Sutter Bt.
SCOTT-STREET FI_A.TS.
$9,500— Three modern flats of 6 and 6 rooms and
bath; porcelain tub*; tile mantels; ash
chutes, etc; renta $937 per annum; lot
15x106:3 ft.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE,. FT_A.T3.
$7,500— Rents $805 per annum; S new modern
* flats; porcelain tubs; frescoed dome
ceilings ; on Ashbury st.
BUSH-BTRBBT RESIDENCE.
$5,600— Must be sold; make offer; elegant mod-
ern house of 8 rooms ano bath and fin-
ished basement; sunny side street; all
modern Improvements.
BEAUTIFUL MISSION FLATS.
$3,000—2 flne well-built modern fiats of 5 and S
rooms and bath; rents $42 50 per month;
Bartlett. near Tw«nty-flrst; $2500 bank
mortgage can remain.
FULTON-STREEfT BARGAIN.
Probate sa^e.
$4. SOO— Reduced from »6C0O; lot 27:6x137:6 ft.; S
flats and cottage; make offer.
AT A SACRIFICE— FORCED SALE.
Mission Warm Belt Flats.
$3,750— Make offer; reduced from $4500; 2 flats
or 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents $32 50
per month; bitumen st. ; cement walk.
SNAP IN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
J3.0OO— Two (substantial well-built modern flats
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6 ft '
modern and attractive; sunny side
street ; make offer.
ATTRACTIVE SOUTH OF MARKET HOME,
$2.76O-F1ne well-built house of 7 rooms; first-
class condition; near Sixth and How-
ard sta.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE J & CO..
638 Market street.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX, ~~ '
32S Montgomery street.
$50,000— Investment: substantial, well built, 8
story and basement, 50-foot front building on
McAllister St., near Market; only three ten-
ants; always rented and sure to enhance la
value; 50x137:6.
$25.000— Grant-ave. corner; coat $3S,000; bar-
gain. ,
J25.0OO— Sacramento St.. near Battery: Im-
proved business property: rents J16S0; lot SOxJG.
$20,000— Pays nearly 9 per cent on this price;
an attractive, thoroughly up-to-date, 50-foot
front, 3 story and basement building, contain-
ing two lar>re stores and four modern 7-room
flats; in most promising part of Western Addi-
tion; lot 50xS7:6.
$13,000— Howard street; lot 23x30 and Improve-
ments: rents $li00.
$5500— Three cottages near Clay and Larkln;
rents $540: always rented.
$2750 — Clara street, near Fourth: large well
built 2-story house; 12 rooms; 27x75: very cheap.
52750 — Fifteenth ave. south, near Railroad
ave.; good 9-room house; 75xlO'>.
27CO— Maple street; attractive 6-room cottage;
also 2-room cottage and barn: 30x112.
GEORGE M. WIL.LCOX.
32S Montgomery street.
SUNSET HEIGHTS INSTALLMENT LOTS.
10 per cent cash; $13 f*»r month; interest 7 per
cpnt; choice Park lots ready to build on: 7th
ave. boulevard. K st. and Sth ave. ; within Z
minutes' walk from the music stand; prices
ranging- from $600 upward; possession given
fo that home could be built Immediately. G.
H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery St.*
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GUXN. 5*) California
Etreet. S. F. Savings Union building.
KEAJLJ^STATE — COUNTRY — For Sale?
ATTENTION HOME SEEKERS'
COUNTRY LANDS.
Now is the time to buy.
There Is money in cattle.
There is money in orchards.
There Is money in vineyards.
There is money In general farming.
There Is money In dried fruits.
There Is money in sheep. , ¦
Country land will never be as cheap again.
We have some of the greatest bargains ever
seen or heard of In this State. Call or send
for particulars.
DAVID BUSH & SON, It Post St.
SAN MATEO.
RESIDENCES.
RESIDENCE LOTS.
Farms. Grazlnc and Marsh Lands.
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St., 8. T.
MARIX Co., 2C miles from S. F.— $40 to $S0 per
i acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
I proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain.
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
FOR sale— Mountain and valley farms, fruit
orchards and apple orchards In Pajaro Valley.
We have some big bargains. Address ROBIN-
SOX & CORDES. Santa Cruz. Cal.
FOR sale or exchange; SO acres of ch^!se IttnJ
near Auburn. J. H. EGGERT. 1312 Po'k &t.
RBAL ESTATE "WA.VTEU.
WANTED — For cash. 2 flat's of .> and o rooms.
must be cheap. Box 405. Call office.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$6750 — SEVEN rooms; new house; lot 60x200;
also S-reom house; lot 50x150; stable on each
one; want a home in S. F. E. E. BUNCE,
952 Broadway. Oakland.
$5CC0 — 150 ACRES, Improved: Sonoma County;
exchange for city home; all furnished:
stocked. E. E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway, Oakld.
NEW -rotta.e. 6 rms.. bath: lot 50x100; Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lots. 413 Kearny »t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AI.AMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GREATEST bargains ever offered in Alameda
real estate.
$ISjO will purchase a good 3-room, cottage: i
lot 100x100; street work all done; worth double
the amount; must be sold; foreclosure.
THIS IS A SNAP.
$2500— A flne 8-rocm cottage; large lot: Mor-
ton-st. station; easy terms: choice neighbor-
hood.
$2950— New colonial style 2-story house:
taken under foreclosure; will be sold on easy
terms.
$850— Elegant building lot 42x150, near Morton-
st. station. All the above can be purchased
on easy terms. Houses built, rented and ex-
changed, ,
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st., Alameda, and 20 Post St., S. F.
Offlce open Sundays and evenings.
FOR saler-House of 7 rooms: lot 90x150; flne i
grounds; central; an offer wanted.
• House, 4 rooms; lot 25x150; in fine order;
grf-at bargain : choice lots $300 to $3000. E. D.
iJl'DD CO.. 1424 Fark st.
$;iP0 — NEW cottage of 6 or 7 rooms; terms,
$3100, $l"0 cash; new house of 8 rooms; fruit
and Bhadp trees; lot 50x113. J. H. YOUNG,
Builder. 1243 Park st.
FORECIX)S1-JRE— Beautiful corner modern resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; cost $5500; will
loan ?2c00 at 6 per cent net or In terms to
fruit. Address Bank, box US. Call offlce.
FOR sale in Alamoda. at Bacriflc»; near Chest-
nut-st. station; 2-story dwelling. 7 rooms and
bath: terms easy." C. E. HOVEY, room 34.
8th floor. Mills building.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
WE can offer elegant suite of-rooms and board
in an elegant private home in Alameda to
refined couple; references required. Box 363,
Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
* BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
j9C0_5 ROOMS and bath, sold for $1SOO; bank
loaned $1400 on this place; $100 cash, balance
$12 per, month. W. C MORAN.
$1600— NEW 5-room cottage; flne mantel, sta-
tionary tubs: all sewered: lot 35x132; near sta-
tion; ?100 cash, balance $22 50 per month. W.
"C.-MORAN. ¦ ¦¦ : . , . - ¦' ' „
$1700— NEW 6-room cottage, worth $2500; one
minute's walk to station .and electric cars;
' $100 cash, balance $17 per month; street work
all done., W. C. MORAN, Lorln Station.
Berkeley. - . . . .
$650— FINE lot on Sfcattuck ave., within J
•blocks of Berkeley station. -
$2500— Grandest building site in town; lOOx
125; street all Improved; close to college.
•' $5500 — Lovely new home on corner lot: streets
Improved; 2 blocks "of college. • . -~
• $300— Fine northeast corner lot In the Hllle-
gass Tract. .. -
$4500— Fine paying business In heart of Berke-
ley; owner must leave: Ill-health. ¦•¦¦¦¦-. -¦
. O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
¦
BOOMS TO LET— FtiTn. and Vnturn.'
KHA3-NT. IIS— Upper fJoerj ua-wty teTCiah-d
front rooms; prlvats- taa-Oy; ra-ioa-b'.a.
LAKKJN. 1CO4, near Post— Lars* sunny newly
r*novat-d furnished rooms. $7 per montS.
LA8 PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 3 or I
rms.; private: bath; sin, rms: board optional.
MeCLELLAND, 200 Turk st.— C_ang«d hands;
newly renovated; all rooms facto* eltber
Turk or Jones st. ; rent reasonabla.
MTWMA. 173—1 larg» sunny b_,y^wta-g-r room.
MINXA. 687. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay-window room, tl per w<ek; transtont,
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st,— Nic«ly
furnished room-. I- a week cp; 35o a day op.
NINTH, 118—1 sunny furnished rooms j miming
water, bath, cheap. __________
NORWOOD, eil Taylor — Furnished sunny
suites, single roolM; %2 a week up.
OCTAVIA. 1405, cor. Geary—Furnished bay-
window; iua all day; mantel; large for 2.
O'FARRELU 20— Sunny . furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POLK. (10— Large pleasant well furnished room;
gas; bath; private family.
POLK. 1533— Large nteely furnished sunny
rooms; stove, bath: very reasonable? private.
POPT. 412*4 — Sunny newly furnished: hot and
cold water; bath; one or two gentlemen.
POST. 831— To rent, small furnished front room:
neither drink nor smoke In hous<>: Prot-
estant Christian preferred: J5 per month.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8; month. $3 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
room- with hot and cold water; batha.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25c to $1. wtek $125 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SnOTWEU* 453— Sunny unfurnished, roomt
baby buggy for sale.
SIXTH. 13*-Furnl*hed suite of rooms, auif.it.l*
for business: privilege of light housekewplnT.
THIRTIKTII. 2TJ— S nice sunny furnished
rooms to let; flne view; private family.
TTTRK. 12«— Furnished room, suitable, for gen-
tleman. $5 month.
TURK. 803 — Large sunny room, also front
room; grates, running water, gas. bath.
TURK. 513— Nice single room for gentlemen;
$1 r«"r week; private family.
VAN NESS. 1100— Newly furnished sunny
r^oms: very convenient: large closets.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS AND DOARD.
PACIFIC ave.. 171", nr. Van Xess— Largr* sunny
room, with excellent board, for gentleman and
wife r.r 2 gentlemen: phone; bath; also table
board without room.
I ELEGANT parlor suite* and single rooms In
I modern private home: first-class table beard:
bath; gas; phone. Box 443. Call offlce.
SELECT family hotel: new interior: three sp*-
1 ctal dinners weekly; rates to establish. SO?
California st.
WANTED— Young lady or gentleman tr> renm
and board: prlv. fam.; reasonable. 615 Edit".
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St.. near Ilar-
rlton.
ROOMS AXD DOARD WAN'TED.
WANTED— 4 rocm». with board, for J adults;
south of Bush, east of Van Ness; references.
Address box 4 IS. Call offlce.
noons wasted.
WANTED-ThrM furnished housekeeping rooms
by 3 adults; jgi. Bo- 4SS. Call office.
WANTED by a Japanese couple, housekeeping
room, conveniently located; respectaM*
house; permanent; state terms. Box 336. Call.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester*s English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; saf<\ reliable: take no other:
»end 4c stamps for particulars: "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for S4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; teL KS0.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, tl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 313 Thtrq.
I SEWIXG MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kind* bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
te»d. Charlea Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
storage: and warehouses.
BEinNlTva^andlisfcj^
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phona South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fiilmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS A.>'D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAKG~AIN3~7N~TYpl£wiUTl£Ri^W*i
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The. Typewriter
Exchange. 538 California: telephone Main 264.
Al.WATS bargains In typewriters; any mako.
Write, for prices to L. & _I. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st."
SLOT .MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; largo
<li»p!ay: very cheap. 1167 Mark«t.bet- 7th & Sta.
COPARTXEIISH1P XOTICES.
THE partnership heretofore existing between
R. E. COLE and W. T. MURPHY, livery
stable keepers, at 248 Third st., has been dis-
solved. W. T. MURPHY has succeeded to
the partnership business and will assume all
outstanding Indebtedness, collecting and pay-
ing the> same. Dated San Francisco. Novem-
ber 21. 1900. W. T. MURPHY. .
DIVIDEND XOTICES. '
UI VIDEN D uTTflfty
cents per share) of tha Oceanic Bteatnship
Company will be payable at the offlce of tha
company, 327 Market St., on and after Satur-
day. -December I, 1D00. Transfer books wUl
close on Saturday, November 24. 1300. at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
~ PROPOSALS.
BXD6 WANTED— Notice !s hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its offlce. room 13. S2t> Sansom« st..
San Francisco, Cat. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m
SATURDAY, December 8. 1300. and opened
Immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle). for six months commencing
Janury 1. 1901. and ending June 30, 190L Sched-
ules with Information and Instructions for
submitting bids will be furnished upon appli-
cation by the undersigned. Bidders will care-
fully follow the conditions of the schedules,
and no bid will be considered unless It Is in
accordance with such schedules. Each bidder
must accompany his bid with a certified check;
upon some well-known and responsible bank-
Ing house for at least 10 per cent of th«
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. Th<»
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 310 Sansome St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
/ MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Joseph Francis Welch. 13, S4H Clara street.
and Annie E. Oran. 20, 34*4 Clara street.
Wilhelm H. F. M. F. Franzen, 37. 8*4 Boy_
street, and Louise Fllblg, 36, 84 Boyd street.
C. M. Hatcher. !4, city, and Carri* Xewxnaa.
20, city.
Charles E. Lanthler. !?. 33 «4 Juniper street.
and Julia A. Sullivan. 21, 2913 Twenty-flfth »t-
Bunrtll White. 40. 1034 Clay street, and Annla
White. 35. 1031 Clay st.
James M. Corcoran, 21. 173 Stevenson street.
and Mabel McCarty. 20. 6 Jackson street.
Joseph G. Assalino. 21. city, and Eda R.
Rovesno, 16. city.
Bartolomeo Rafto. 26. 1003 Treat avenue. _-.j
Lutgla Guernierl, 23, 14 Alvarado, street.
Horace G. Napp, 33. city, and Louis* G.
Schoenemann. ZS. city.
August Soelter, 23. 1214 Green street. «n^
Laura Pollack. ID, 1214 Greea street.
Max Rothschild. 29. city, and Lucia _X. Jack-
son, 23, city.
William H. Cassidy. 23. Stockton, and OIiv»
McKnl.ht, SI. Stockton.
.William H. Cook. 65. 12« Ellis street, and
Anna E. Car3on. 43. 3674 Sixteenth street.
Charles Waxele. 21. Healdsburg. and Mary
I_ Crenshaw. 20. 534 Turk street.
Albert J. Costello, 30, Vailejo. and Ma* O.
Ber_-. 22, city.
Joseph Corbet t, 32. 1J2J Eddy street/ and, -tary
F. Sullivan. 21. 1423 Fulton street.
Marvin Ford. 34. S41 McAllister street, and
Mary O'Connor. 14, 4W Franklin street.
Ellas K. Ford. 23. Oakland, and, Reaa C
Brown. 23. Oakland.
FRDITTALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRFiTVAI,-0 R-CAJL EtTATE,
FOR SALE BT H. A, PL-OTNER,
$600— Cottage of S rooms: chldcen-honM and
yard; olty water: lot 50x108; 1 block from elea-
trio oars.
$550 — Cottage of S rooms, basement ; rood brick
foundation; lanre bun; cood well; lot 40x113;
all fenced.
$1060— For sale la East Oakland. eotta«r» of B
rooms and batht high basement; barn and
chicken-houses; street work and cement walks
all complete; laxgr, lot; 20-foot alley In rear;
this is a bargain,
$1075— Bay-window cottars of 3 room- and
i bath; 7- foot basement; good brick foundation.
etc.; barn; chicken-house; lot 50X116: I block
from electrio cars; *a«y terms if desired.
$1100— Sacrifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; basement, etc.; lot 50x144; 1 block
from electrio cars; must ba sold; an oppor-
tunity worth investigating; $100 cash, balance
same as rent.
11500— Modarn cottag* of 4 rooms and bath:
1 front porch; 7-foot basement; good well: fruit
trees; chicken-houses; lot 100x125; all fenced:
1 block from electric cars.
$1700— Chicken ranch of I acres: choice fruit
trees; houss of 4 rooms; larga barn; chicken-
house; good well; fine location.
Chicken ranch of 2Vi acres; good house of 4
large rooms; barn; 10 chicken- houses: rood
well; windmill and tank; for. rent at $10 per
month; stock and fixtures for sale, consisting
of 450 chickens, large brooder-house. 3 tneu-
botors, 9 chicken-coops, fencing, etc. For par-
ticulars apply to H. A. PLEITNER. Frultval*
Station. CaL
$630— NICE house. 4 rooms; lot 60x80; good well
on place: monthly payments S7.
S12C0— House. 6 rooms and bath; lot 50x150;
several fruit trees; this place has never been
occupied: easy terms.
$1300— House. 8 rooms, bath, stationary wash
tuba; large lot; payments same as rent.
$1500 — House, 5 rooms, hardwood mantel,
bath, large basement, chicken houses and
large lot; 1 blocks from station; this Is a
lovely home; terms to suit.
$800— House, 5 rooms: lot 43x143; fruit trees:
I1O cash, balance $9 SO per month; If you want
a home buy this nanin as rent.
HOME BUILDING CO.'S OFFICE.
Frultvala ave., near Station.
OAKLAND ADYERTISEMENTS.
0FF1CE—1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAI, ESTATE.
$1200— TO close out estate; lo\ 50x100; ncrth side
of street; close to Grove St.; good cottage of
4 large rooms, etc. JAS. S. NAISMITH. 453
Ninth st.
$125 DOWN; balance only $13 per month, in-
cluding Interest; will buy a flne modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms, bath; patent toilet; north
Fida of street: chicken yard; owner only built
It 3 months ago. but must sell; only 4 min-
utes' walk from local station of Berkeley
local. JAS. S. NAISMITH. 452 Ninth st.
A GOOD buy; 8-room cottage on north side of
Flghteer.th *t. ; in fine condition: everything
modern; will be sold for tZVK*. and on eaay
terrn.. JAS. S. NAISMITH. 453 Ninth St.
DO you want a home on a lot In Oakland? If I
eo call on JAS. S. XAISMITH. 432 Ninth st.
INCOME flats; 6 and 5 rooms; flne location:
building only built 6 years ago at a cost of I
J4«0; will sell now with 50-foct lot for J4310; I
all rented. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth st.
LINDA VISTA-Flne new modern 2-story
houss; everything np-to-date; flne location;
cheap**t place on Oakland Heights; only 14000.
JAS. S. NAISMITH. 4S2 Ninth St.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. ~~~
903 Broadway Oakland
$1100— Choice building site In Peralta Height*.
Ea« Oakland: 164x150; on East Nineteenth St.;
adjoining good Improvements; a rare bargain.
BERKELEY. ~ BERKELEY.
$12.CP0— KC0 feet frontage on principal streets
in Berkeley: streets macadamized and sewered:
flne speculation: owner will exchange, subject
to $4600 mortgage, tor good ranch property.
$7500—30 acres In Fruit vale; former price
$30,C00; sightly and slightly rolling; will sub-
divide beautifully; bank sale.
WILLIAM J. DIXGEK,
&v3 Broadway, Oakland.
HOTELS for sale.
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware store.
Druff store.
Ten cood farms for sale; some for exchange.
Bee E. E. BUNCE for all bargains, 952 Broad-
way, Oakland.
j
$20 CASH. $5 monthly; new barn and outhouse:
lot 5S 13-100x72 41-100x137:6; perfectly level:
sandy loam soil; view and climate the very
best: near wide boulevard and frontlns on a
good county road: near two electric car lines,
stores and n»w Town Hall; close to a model
school: 85 families located within 2>j years;
Allendale Settlement: the workingman's prop-
erty, adjoining East Oakland; see this bargain
at once: price all told. £M5: call or send for
circular. 405 Seventh St., Broadway station,
Oakland; HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
$2700— ACTUALLY worth $4C0O.
House. 8 rooms, bath; modern: first-class con-
dition, neighborhood and surroundings; flne lot;
sunny: 2 blocks to broadgaujre trains, school,
cars and business center; part cash. J. S.
MYEH.S & CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
A — $1LCO: modern 5-room colonial cottage"; large
lot; lawn, flowers, garden ; beautiful place; 19th
I * st.. nr. 13th ave.. Oakland;. J12 mo.; worth
' tSOCO: must sell: terms. Box 233. Call office.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. TV. AU3-
TIN & CO.. 100S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
BROADWAY. 1434 — Sunny front room furnished!
suitable for 2 gentlemen or light housekeeping.
ELIZABETH. 12, near Guerrero— 5 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $13.
FIFTH. 34S — Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 525— Large sunny furnished room for
light housekeeping. $1 50 a week.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice housekeeping room; also
single; rent reasonable.
j GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny suite; clean,
comfortable; pas stove; running watsr.
HYDE, 408— Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping; $K.
JACKSON, 924 — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; water free; $5 SO.
LARKIX, 706— Light sunny front room; kitchen
with range; ba.th; other room.
MARTHA place, 4, off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— 2 sunny furnished rooms; price, rea-
sonable. ;-• . ,
MISSION, 1061— Housekeeping rooms; also
dcuble and single rooms; reasonable.
MISSION, 1729H. nr. 13th— Nicely furnished
room, stove, folding bed, bath, laundry; $5.
OAK, 31— To let. furnished housekeeping room;
coal and wood stove; gas; running water.
OAK, 119 — t sunny parlors, furnished for heavy
housekeeping, $14; single room. $S.
PERRY, 174 — Two large nicely furnished hotne-
kpg rms.: hot. cold water. ba:h; reajonabla.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Knrii. and Lnfnra.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 25o
to $1 per night; $1 25 to fZ per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
BEAVER, 2J— Three nice sunny rooms to rent
. unfurnished.
BURNETT. 1128 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1408— Sunny room, gas and bath. In pri-
vate family." $6; no other roomers.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 832— Pleasant sunny suite rooms, suit-
able for one or more gentlemen.
ELLIS, 23S — Two sunny rooms or room and
kitchen, for man and wife; north of Market.
ELLIS. K0— Neat, tidy, desirable furnished
rooms for gentlemen only.
FOLSOM. S«5, cor. Sth (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms., single, suites: reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 813H— Large sunny room furnished or
unfurnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 26S— Two furnished rooms
within 10 minutes' walk of Call bldg.; corner
house; sun and fresh air; rent reasonable- cri-
vate. -
GRAND SOCTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suit* or
•ingle: ladles' parlor; reading-room: elevator.
HOWARD, 630— A nice single sunny front room
for a gentleman to let.
HOWARD. 1014. near Sixth— Newly furnished
rooms, with use of < bath; tu; reasonable
terms.COAL TAR— Subscriber, Madison, Yolo
County, Cal. The easiest way to remove
coal tar from an Iron caldron which has
been used to heat coal tar In which to dip
fence posts Is to burn it out.
and Vice President of the United States,
that is the year when electors are chosen
by the people.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FLYING EAGLE NTCKEL-A. P. P.,
City. A flying eagle nickel of 1S56 com
mands a premium of from $1 50 to $2 50.
RATES OF WAGES— S., City. The firm
asked about is a private corporation and
it does not make an announcement of tho
schedule of wages paid to its employes.
McKINLEY'S VOTE— G. H. B., City.
President McKInley could not vote on the
6th of November In the city of Washing
ton, D. C. His vote Is In the place of his
residence, Canton, Ohio.
QUARTER OF 18S5-A. E.. City. If
you have a quarter of 1835 it is worth,
according to seller's catalogue, from fifty
to seventy-five cents, but dealers In
coins do not offer at premium for quarters
of that date.
WOMEN'S PATRIOTIC ASSOCIA
TIONS—F.,Kast Oakland, Cal. There is
a branch of the Colonial Dames of Amer
ica in San Francisco. Mrs. Selden 3.
Wright Is the president. Miss E. M. Jones
Is secretary. There are three chapters of
the Daughters of the American Revolution
in San Francisco. ¦ Puerto del Oro, Sequoia
and California chapters.
PRESIDENTIAL YEAR-M. I., City.
The rule for determining the year when
a Presidential election is to be held is the
following-: Every year . divisible by four
la the year for toe election for President
Morning — "Thanksgiving." Evening — "Jo-
Beiin."
Morning— "The Harp of Thanksgiving."
Evening— Rev. Henry S. Keller will
preach.
Morning- — Rev. J. B. Hannlgao will deliver
the discourse at the 11 o'clock mass.
Evening— Rev. C. A. Ramm will preach.
Morning— Rev. M. Smith, C. P. S.. will
rreach at the 11 o'clock mass. Evening —
Rev. T. J. McXlchol will preach at the
vesper service.
Morning— Rev. Father McMahon will deliver
a sermon on "The Particular Judgment"
at the 11 o'clock mass. Evening — Rev.
Father McGough will preach on "The End
of the World."
Morning— Rev. Father Sasla will preach at.
the 10:30 o'clock mass. Evening — Rev.
Father Woods will preach, and there will
be devotions in preparation for the conse
cration of the twentieth century and bene
diction of the blessed sacrament.
Morning — "The Rl\ p er of God Is Full of
Water." Evening— "What Shall We Do?"
Morning— "John the Baptist." Evening—
"The Influence of a Life."
Morning— Thanksgiving eermon by the pas
tor. Evening — Musical service by the
chorus choir.
Morning— "The Genius That Wins in Chris
tian Labor." Evening— "The Husband
and the Father and the Home."
Morning. "Christian Warriors." Evening —
"Is the World Growing Better?"
Morning— "The Relation of the Holy Ghost
to Christian Work." Evening — Rev. C. A.
Westenberg will preach.
Morning— "God In the Stillness." Evening—
"Do Men Gather Figs of Thistles?"
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—"Christ Enthroned, or the Kingdom
of Heaven on Earth."
Morning— "Jesus Cheering and Warning
Men." Evening— "Some High Notes of
Thanksgiving."
Morning— "The Source of Supply for Our
Needs." Evening— "Christ Before Pilate."
Morning— Preaching. Evening— Same.
Morning— Sacrament of the Lord's supper.
Evening— "The Richest Mine Ever Dis
covered." . .
Morning— "The Faithful and Prosperous
Church." Evening— "The Story of Jesus."
Morning— Services by the pastor. Evening—
Rev. William Kirk Guthrle will preach.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing—Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Prayer.
Morning— "The Light of the World." Even-
Ing — No cervices.
Morning— "God the Only Cause and Crea
ifr."
Morning— Preaching by Rev. A. Karney.
Evening— Rev. Alfred S. Clark will preach.
Morning— "Talk About Ztoo." Evening—
Service.
Afternoon— Dr. A. M. Burns will deliver a
lecture at 3 o'clock on "The Foundations
of the Universe," llluetnited by BtereopU
con views.
In a gray crepe which has sleeves to the
elbow there are under&leeves of softest
white liberty silk made In many j.ull puffs
with embroidered wristbands and tic/
Mrs. Clarence Mackay wore a varied
and beautiful assortment of gowns during
"horse show week." The most conspicu
ous was a long driving coat of magnificent
Russian sable. In one of her black gowns
she had undersleeves.of gold colored satin
with very tight wristbands fastened with
tiny gold filigree tassels.
Conspicuous In one of the boxes was
Mrs. Herman Oelrlchs. She wore a tailor
made gown of the new green, which is a
warmer and darker shade than reseda,
but without the faintest' olive tint. Mrs.
Oelrlchs' gown was severely -plain, being
relieved only by stitched bands of the
same shade and a triple vest of white
satin, embroidered In green; green satin
with traceries of gold and soft gold gauze,
striped with sable. She carried a sable
muff. . _
Mrs. George Law. the noied beauty of
the Four Hundred, who has recently re
turned from Paris, wore a swagger cos
tume of heavy lusterless blacn. shk, cut en
prlncesse and trimmed with Irregular
waving bands of handsome black lace,
outlined with tiniest pailettes of black.
Beneath the lace there showed a jupon of
glittering moire in the new shade of helio
trope which modistes call orchid. Sho
had for an outer garment a superb coat
of ermine lined with tucked orchid satin
and an ermine toque with orchid crown
and green leaves and one perfect orchid
arranged a ¦ la pompon directly In the
back. ¦ ' >
With tl-.at foolish look which always
distinguishes the victim of a box-office
chill he slided out from behind the brass
rail and said audibly: "Daughter, your
father has been turned down."
"I think, father, there is a marked wane
in your popularity," she replied.
It was an atrocious pun, but the box
office man caught on and said: "Oh,
Mark Twain, is It?" and hastened to make
apology for his awkward mistake.
The event of the week has been, of
course, the Horse Show and, although
there was a notable absence of some of
the bright lights of society, it was never
theless voted a huge success. The at
tendance on the opening night (Monday,
November 19) was large. That does not
express Mt. There was barely standing
room for those who had not engaged seats
or boxes.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— In spite of the
Horse Show, Mark Twain, former Call
fornlan and newly repatriated humorist,
for the present is the biggest thing in
Greater New York. He Is nothing short
of a real lion and looks the part with hla
great silvery mane. He Is deluged on all
sides with invitations, which he has been
compelled to decline by wholesale. He
accepted one recently, and as a result the
great American humorist came nearly be
ing "turned down." He. was offered a box
at the Criterion Theater the other, night
to see "Gay Lord Quex" played by the
celebrated comedian Hare of London.
Mark Twain is a great friend of the Eng
lishman. On arriving at the theater with
ladles, the humorist inquired for Mr.
Clemens' box and was told rather curtly
that there was none for him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mark Twain the Biggest
Thing in Gotham Despite
the Horse Show.
CALIFORNIANS
SWARMING IN
GAY NEW YORK
bags or trunks. I>ry goods ot every descrip
tion are included in this prohibition, and solic
•t*«C as well as selling Is forbidden. The oom
fixfl&lng of Beers of companies, troops and "bat
teries will see that this order Is enforced la
and about, their barracks and campa. The of
ficer of the day. non-commissioned officers of
the guard anil the provost sergeants will tak«
similar actloi#»houfd it com* under their ob
servation that such transactions «x« beiaj_at
tempted. No collectors excepting laundryman
will b« allowed to make collections 3 *
these grounds trona amour volunteer soldier*
being ££b«s«l *t ttoftggdg.
All persons, agents, as well tut principals, ara
hereby prohibited entering the Presidio grounds
for the purpose of selling to ealisted men any
articles of wearing appare!. under or outer
garments or furnishing them valtsea. traveling
Tha squabble among the business men
came to the ears of tho military officials
with the result that an order was Issued
excluding all dealers from the grounds.
thus putting those who formerly had ac
cess to the men on the reservation on tha
same footing as the men who c&ugh: the
soldiers on the outside.
Colonel Rawles was very wroth about
the matter. Yesterday he said:
"These men who do business among tha
soldiers cannot agree and have made so
many charges about favoritism shown and
money paid for information that I hava
determined to put a stop to their coming
onto the reservation."
The following order has been issued and
will be strictly adhered to:
All this harangue boded 111 for tha poor
soldier, who. while it was going on. pur
chased for cash or credit as ho saw fit.
Those who bought "on tick" wer« met
on the day of discharge with bills, whlcii
some paid and others did not. Ttios* wbQ
paid were called "suckers."
"War is on among tha business men oc
cupying the block on Greenwich street
nearest the entrance to the Presidio. For
some time past clerks and proprietor* of
the different stores have amused them
selves by calling those opposed to them
in business "cheats. swindlers and
sharks." The result Is that the sir la that
vicinity became filled with all sorts of
harsh accusations. Charges of bribery
and robbery were also made, with the re
sult that circulars were scattered broad
cast, warning the merchants to **bewar«
of each other."
All Sorts of Dealers Quarrel
About the Proper Way
to Get It.
MERRY WAR IS
WAGING OVER
SOLDIERS' PAY
Blanche Bates for some reason or other
finds Washington. D. C, a most congenial
place of residence. Perhaps It la because
the Washington people are great admirers
of the talented California actress. She
made a great hit there a year or two nfeo
in the "Dancing Girl" and has ever since
continued to draw well. Miss Bates will
bs here in a day or two to see the Horse
Show. She will wear the sporty green
and tan raglan of "Naughty^Anthony." 1
I>. R. C.
He has been playinsr In hard luck and
shows it/ as he promenades up and down
Broadway. A bankruptcy court* has just
cleared him of an Indebtedness of $116,000
Another actor whose traglo affair in San
Francisco made him known the country
over and who Is not In as prosperous cir
cumstances as formerly Is M. B. Curtis
(Samuel of Posen).
Truly Shattuck, who recently returned
from abroad. Is singing at Koster &
Rial's Vaudeville In Thirty-fourth street.
She has Just closed an engagement in
Washington, D. C. Truly was quite fhe
rage among tha chappies In London, who
knew her familiarly as "Truly Shocking."
The California tragedy In which she fig
ured 13 well known to the habitues of
Koster & Bial's and serves to make
Miss Shattuck the center of attraction at
that playhouse.
California is pretty well represented on
the New York stage at present. Dave
Warfleld, who will be well and favorably
remembered by San Francisco theater
goers, has become one of the best known
and most popular of the comedians. His
usual Hebrew part Is given a place In
"Fiddle Dee Dee," now on at Weber &
Fields'.
Mrs. Clarence Mackay, who is yet living
in Madison avenue, where she resided last
winter, frankly declares that she does not
like life abroad and will not leave these
shores again for a long time. The Mackay
baby, a daughter. Is a pretty, plump child.
Her devoted mother has a new photo
graph of the baby taken each week. Mrs.
Mackay sends one each week to her inti
mate friend, the Duchess of Marlborough
(Vanderbilt).
Mrs. John W. Mackay Is expected to sail
within the week for America to pay tha
long-expected visit to her son and daugh
ter-in-law in their new house at Hemp
stead. / Incidentally. It Is said that the
house 'when completed will have cost a
million and a half. Some of the doorknobs
and fixtures are said to be of gold.
In one of Mrs. Mackay's beautiful even-
Ing gowns there are French "trellis"
sleeves formed of black velvet ribbon an
Inch wide, crossed like a trellis over tho
white flesh of the arm. The gown is of
black tulle and there Is a black velvet
ribbon corselet held In place with feather
bone and a wreath of black velvet roses
and leaves crosses one shoulder.
Among other San Franciscans at tho
Horse Snow on the opening night were Mr.
and Mrs. Edward C. Hughes. Mrs. Hughes
looked very handsome In a gown of black
velvet. W. J. Martin, business manager of
The Call, arrived just in time to see the
big show.
frills over the haxid3. She has a fur Jack
et with smart bishop sleeves, a distinct
novelty— for one Is not accustomed to see
bishop sleeves made of fur with close,
narrow wristbands. It is of broadtail and
has large, fancy buttons down the front,
and there Is a fancy belt with an elab
orate buckle In the back and one in the
front.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
CAlIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— The following
Callfornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— II. Bulkley and H. F. Duh
¦woody and wife are at the Imperial; R.
Forsythe is at the Holland; H. Hume Is
at the Navarre; E. Kalisher is at the Im
perial; J. D. Langhorne Jr. is at the As
tor; L. A. Levy and wife are at the Xeth
erland; D. Max Is at the Cadillac: W.
Pierce and wife are at the Everett; J. B.
Reinsteln and J. B. Sternbeck are at the
Imperial; A- F. Wleland, Miss D. A. Wle
land and Mrs. A. Wielend axe at the St.
Denis; W. F. Wilson Is at the Astor; Mrs.
W. J. Younger is at the Hoffman; A. B.
Corbett is at the Bartholdi; C. B. Crltch
low Is at the Broadway Central; J. Du
bois Is at the St. Denis; E. Foster Is at
the Grand Union; F. A. Jacobs is at the
Herald Square; P. Lotz is at the Gllsey;
Miss Rutledge and A. J. Rutledge and
wife axe at the Everett.
From Oakland— F. Cutting and wife axe
&.t the Plaza,
From San Jose— H. N. Sheaxd is at the
Gllsey.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
E. A. Woods.
St. Mary's Cathedral, corner Van Ness
avenue and O'Farrell street— Rev. Father
Prendergast.
St. Mary's (Paullst), California and Dupont
streets — Paulist Fathers.
St. Francis", Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue.
St. Ignatius' , Hayes street and Van Ness
avenue — Jesuit Fathers.
First Christian. Twelfth street, near Mis
sion—Rev. F. S. Ford.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
First M. E., Powell street, near Washing
ton-Rev, Frank K. Baker.
Trinity M. E., corner Market, Sixteenth
and Noe streets — Rev. M. D. Buck.
California Street M. E., corner California
and Broderlck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Simpson Memorial M. E., corner Hayes and
Buchanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Central M. E., Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutsin
piller.
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Potrera M. E., Tennessee street, near So
lano—Ttev. S. M. Woodward.
Howard Street M. E., Howard street be
tween Second and Third— Rev. John A. B.
Wilson.
Stewart Memorial U. P., Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third— W. E. Dugan.
Westminster Presbyterian, Webster and
Page streets^ — Rev. JZ. H. Avery.
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mackenzie.
Calvary Presbyterian, T. M. C. A. building,
corner Mason and Ellis streets— Rev. John
Hemphlll.
Trinity, corner Bush and Gough etreets —
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett.
First Unitarian, southwes,t corner Geary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford Leav
ltt.
First Church of Christ, Scientists, 223 Sut
ter street— The Bible and Science and
Health, With Key to the Scriptures.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street — Rev. Alfred S. Clark, acting
rector.
A. M. E. Zion, 805 Stockton street— Rev.
T. Brown.
Y. M. C. A., corner Mason and Ellis streets.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Ah, well, a man never gets too old to
learn."
"You mean a man never gets old enough
to admit there is anything he could not
learn If he had a mind to."— Indianapolis
Press.
Tess— So Maud's married. They say her
husband's a very clever man.
Jess — Clever? He's a regular genius. He
has made every one of Maud's people liko
him from the start-— Philadelphia Press.
"Jane came home to-day crying and Bald
she was sure George no longer loved her
with his whole heart. And they've been
married only two months."
"Jane's a goose. Anybody who looks at
Oorge knows that his heart's all right.
It's his liver that's gone back on Jane."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Carrier Pigeons at Sea.
During the maiden trip of the trans-
Atlantic liner Lorraine, which entered
Havre from New York, very satisfactory
results were obtained fom the testing of
carrier pigeons. These birds have. It Is
Bald beaten the former record, for they
have carried messages 350 miles, or about
650 Kilometers of ocean. The previous
longest distance covered by the pigeons
tested was 324 miles. Twenty-flve pas
eengers of the Lorraine were enabled to
send messages to their friends by the
pigeons when the liner was two days out
from Havre on the voyage to New
York.— London Telegyapb
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. A. Campbell, one of th© largest lum
bermen In Washington, arrived at the Oc
cidental yesterday with his wife. Mr.
Campbell owns a big mill In Port Blake
ley.
D. J. Paddock and wife of Santa Rosa
are registered at the Russ. Mr. and Mrs.
Paddock had a narrow escape from being
drowned while attempting: to ford a swol
len creek on the way to this city. Their
team was upset and they lost all their
personal effect3.
Webster Welbanks of the firm of Min
aker & Welbanks, has returned from a
six weeks' trip to Canada and the prin
cipal Eastern cities.
Mrs. David Starr Jordan and Mrs. John
"W. Mitchell axe at the California. They
came down to attend yesterday's Krand
opera.
Douglas S. Cone and wife of Red Bluff
are at the Palace. Air. Cone Is the well
known Red Bluff banker.
Dr. James Keeklns of Philadelphia is at
the Russ, having just returned from a
lengthy stay in Nome.
G. F. Simonds, heading a Raymond ex
cursion party irom the East, is stopping
at the Palace.
R. B. Hunter of Nome and H. C. Bally
of Skaguay, both miners, are quartered
at the Palace.
H. A. Cohen, expert mining examiner,
registering from New York, is at the Cali
fornia.
A. C. Shaw, proprietor of the Raymond
Hotel at Raymond, is registered at the
Russ.
Dr. M. E. Gonzales. from the town of
that name, is at the Palace with his wife.
M. Biggs Jr., the Orovllle rancher, Is at
the Grand.
IV. G. Page and wife of Idaho are at the
Palace for a few days.
P. M. Temple, the Xiles merchant, and
wife are at the Russ.
Commander and Mrs. Drake of Mare
Island are at the Occidental.
H. R. Robinson of Seattle*, the. lumber
raft man. Is at the Occidental.
Judge S. F. Geii and daughter of Sa
linas are stopping at the Occidental.
O. I. "Woodward of "Woodward Island, is
stopping at the Grand for a few days.
American Bank and Trust Company to Wil
liam H. Little, northwest corner of Grove and
Scott, 30x110, $5000; Stephen and Mary L. Bora
to William M. and Emily Connolly, north line
of Alvarado, ISO feet west from Sanchez. 25x
114, $3000; William W. and Georgia Wilde to
Hussell J. Coggeshall. west line of Battery
street, 91:8 north from Pine, 45:10x137:6. $1500;
Lizzie M. H. Holme to Orvllle D. Baldwin, un
divided one-half of the northeast corner of
Geary and Mason, 6S:9x92:l, $50,000; United
States Trust Company of New York under will
of Charles C. Hastings to Orvllle C. Baldwin
and Charles H. Hastings, undivided one-half
of same. $100,000; Orvllle D. and Millie E. Bald
win to Adam Grant, all of same. $105,000;
Joshua H. Stallard to Wllanne M. G. Stallard,
north line of Sutter, 41:7% east from Taylor. B
22. N 52:6?», E 1:1%. N 16:3. W 9% inches. N
12:10%. W 23:10%. S 81:2, $7000; Patrick D. Ftts
patrick et al. to Joseph B. Keenan. west line
of Eleventh avenue, 125 Teet south from Point
Lobes avenue, 50x120. $450; Matilda M. Hamil
ton to Olive Verkcnteren, east corner Twentieth
avenue and J street (south), 200x75. $1000; Mary
H. Van Keuren and Alexander McConnell to
John Stumpf. southwest line of Paraguay. 250
feet southeast from Yazoo, 25x100, $300; Frede
rick H., John P. and Adeline Cosgrove to
Charles M. and Annie Ruppert, south line of
Army, 100 feet east from Preclta avenue, 1S6:O%
x25, $725; Joseph F. Love to Joseph F. Love Jr.,
south line of Broad avenue and northwest Une
of old Ban Jose road, gift: Alvln B. Madge et
al. to Fernando Nelson, north line of Waller,
137:8 feet west from Pierce, 142:0x137:6, $12,500;
H. Francis and Beatrice M. Anderson to Harry
W. Goodall, north line of Washington. 103 feet
west from Spruce, 62: 6x127 :8H, $11,500; H. Fran
cis and Beatrice M. Anderson to James H.
Bennett, north line of Washington, 165:6 west
from Spruce, 12:6x127 :8%. $2500; German Sav
ings and Loan Society to George H. Moore and
C. H. Ollnger, west line of Portala, 216 south
from Waller, .23x90. $1500; George H. and Char
lotte M. Moore and C. H. and Caroline L.
Ollnger to J. L. Haegrlln. same. $5000; Frances
Hess to A. G. Booth, undivided one-half of the
south line of Aldine, 120 feet east from north
Willard. 27x125, $300; Madge E. Gray to Q. F.
Gray, northwest corner of Green and Sansome,
68:9x21:11x68:9x22:9, lots 30, 31, 32. 62. 53, 5S.
67, block 9. and undivided one-half of lots 1 to
14, block 10; undivided 10-2S lots 1 to 14, block
10, all of lot 31. block 11. lots 43 and 44, block
12, lots 38 to 41. block 14, Flint Tract Home
stead; block 14, Map A, Castro Street Addition,
and property in other counties, $5000; John M.,
George p. and Teresa J. O'Nell to D. E. Be
eecker, south line of Morton, 160:5 east from
Stockton, 22:11x50. $280; Patrick Flynn to James
H. Flynn. west line of Hyde, 20 feet north from
Green, C0x20, and north line of Green, 60 feet
west from Hyde, 20x60, $5000; Solomon and Dora
Getz to Auguste Hoy, west line of Nineteenth
avenue. 225 feet north from Point Lobos ave
nue, 25x120, $300; Frances L. Hess to Ward M.
Smith, undivided one-half of the east line of
Thirteenth avenue, 250 feet north from J
street, 25x120, $500; Pacific Coast Savings So
ciety to Martha J. Donnelly, east line of Cor
bett avenue, 76:4 from Caselll avenue, 43x84:4.
$500; Caroline Gilbert to John E. Klein, north
line of Eleventh avenue (south), 125 feet east
from P street, 23x100. $390; Olfca M., "A. and
Ernest F. Tamm to Frederick W. Zelle, south
line of Sacramento, 1C6:3 east from Buchanan,
40xl27:S%. $7500; Ida A. Kllley to Peter
T. and Dora M. Sprague. north
line of Green, 80 feet west from
Webster. 27:6x110, $3000; Matthew and Catherine
Cavanaugh to J. H. and Catherine T. Cain,
north line of Fell, 137:6 west from Steiner. 55x
137:6. $5500; Lottie L. Ewins *-nd A. M. Ewlng
to Calvin D.. Ada F. and Estelle S. Brown,
north line of Ellis. 60 feet east from Devlsa
dero, 60x75. $2500: Lottie L. Ewing and A. M.
Ewlng to Ada F. Brown, west line of Scott,
C2:6 south from Post, 25xS7:S, quitclaim deed;
James N. and Emma M. Block to Emma L.
Palache and Juliet II. Lombard, north line of
Green 72:6 west from Scott. 35x137:6, $5500;
John W. and Fannie M. Butler to E. C. Hutch
lnoon, south line of Oak, 131:3 east from Clay
ton 50x137:6: $12,000: John J. and Mary C.
Wirtner to Anna T. F..Gray. east line of First
avenue. 52:9 north from Clay itreet. 23xl20:5U.
J20C0: Edward Mandonnet Jr. to the Woman s
Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, north line of Washington. 157:6 west
from Stockton. 20x77:6. and northeast corner of
Washington and Trenton, $5000; Sylvia M. Karl
to Josephine P. Jaudln, commencing at north
east corner of beach and water lot 611, south
east 45:10. southwest 80. beach and water lot
61 southwest line of East street, 375 southeast
The real estate market Is taking on a
healthier tone every day. Several quite
large deals are known to have been prac
tically completed, news of which may be
given out another week. The sales dur
ing . the week amounted to $329,915 and
numbered sixty-three.
In deeds that have been placed on rec
ord the consideration was as follows:
Lot !5xl20 on the west line of Eleventh ave
nue, 150 feet north of J street, for $S0O: lot 240
xlIO on the northwest corner of A street and
Sixth avenue, for $6000: lot 23x120 on the west
line of Tenth avenue. 125 feet south of L street,
for $650; lot 50x120 on the west line of Forty
seventh avenue, 275 feet north of J street, for
$700: lot 50x120 on the west line of Forty- third
avenue, 150 feet south of J street, for S400; Inr
EOxlOO on the north line of K street. 57:8 west
of Forty-third avenue, for $400. and a lot 2Sx
129 on the west lice of Nineteenth avenue. 225
feet north of Clement street, for $600.
Through the agency of Guy T. "vVayman.
Herbert E. Law has rented to the Gov
ernment, at $500 per month, a new six
story and basement bulldlrss on the north
east corner of Mission and Annie streets,
to be used by the Quartermaster's De
partment.
Sales have been made by Sol Getz &
Bro. as follows:
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold, for
factory purposes, property on the south
line of Minna street, between First and
Second, SO by 90 feet, for $13,000. They
have also sold a lot on the north line of
Ellis street, 137:6 east of Gough. 17:6 by
137:6. for $6000.
David Bush & Son report th« sale for
G. H. Mixer to A. Dalton of twelve acre*
of Improved property near Benida for
$4300: also tracts In the San Martin ranch
Santa Clara County, for Phillips & Vachei
as follows: W. Bowman, twenty acres;
Bertha C. Bowman, ten acres: W. E. Call.
seven acres: T. Marrow, twelve acres; all
at the rato of MOO per acre, and to C. E.
Randall, ten acres at $125 per acr*
A. M. Speck & Co. have sold property of
the Fergus Leary estate on the south
west line of Market street. 200 feet north
east from City Hall avenue, to Matnew
Nunan for $65,000, subject to tho approval
of the Probate Court. The lot fronts
twenty-five feet on Market street and 200
feet on Park avenue. ._
Bovee, Toy & Sonrttag have, sold for
Catherine Leavitt to Sanford Sachs a lot
on the north line of Geary street." 292:2
east from Stockton, 22:11 by 60 feet, for
$32,000. On the property Is a two-story
brick building.
The first installment of taxes will be
come delinquent after Monday, Xovem
ber 26.
I L. Hoffman to O. Solarl aad Ck Podastl.
four flats and lot. 60x87:6. on the eajst Une of
Leavenworth street. $13,100: H. Felg» to •Cath
erine Kenny, west line of.Shotwell, X15 feet
south from Nineteenth, 30x122. with cottage,
$3450; O. F. Wllley and Chris A. Buckley to W.
H Wright, south line of California street, be
tween Laguna and Buchanan, house of nln»
rooms and bath and lot. 27:6x137:0. I3S0O;
Thomas H. Day to John F. Bent, west Kao of
Wlllard street. 150 feet north of McAllister. 25x
95. *S50.
George W. Harlow with E. Clemenson. for a
one-story and basement cottage with barn, on
the northwest corner of Twenty-fifth and Mis
sissippi. $2300: Sig. Stem with Conlin & Roberta,
for roof covering, skylights, etc. for a two
story basement and attic frame building:, near
the corner of Octavla and Paciflc. $250v; The
American Biscuit Company with Robinson &
Gillesple, for additions to structure on the cor
ner of Battery and Broadway. $3553: James H.
Jennings with J. L. Wilson, for a two-story and
basement building, on the east line of Broder
lck. 53:6 south of Grove. |4?5»; George H. Hauer
ken with J. Bucher, G. Sweeney. F. Coglan and
Luetje & Nagel. for a two-story and attic
building, on th« southwest corner of McAllister
and Steiner streets. $14,132; Huso c. Bachrodt
with W. R. Kenny, for a three-story building
(flats), on e&at line of Noe street. 77:8 north of.
Henry, $4060; Cascade Laundry with F. W.
Kern, additions to building, on tha northeast
line of Tenth street. 55 feet northwest of How
ard. $2570: Frits Prle3s with John H. Munster.
for a one-story building, on Twentieth avenue,
150 feet southwest of L street. tl40O; Mrs. Emily
C. Wilson with Felix Marcuse. for a five- room
house, on the east lice of Twanty-thlrd avenue.
225 feet iouth from Lake- stre«t, $1315: Mrt.
Amelia Aronson with Fred Ml'.le. for carpenter
work for a steel. Iron and brick construction.
on the north Him of Union square avenue, 1S3:4
east of Stockton. 45:10xS0. 13131; James L. Flood
with Mahoney Bros., for electric passenger ele
vator and electric dumb waiter for a thre«-«tory
and basement residence, on th» north Hn» cf
Broadway. 137:8 west of Buchanan. CSV. Henry
A Meyer with John Murlster and G. O. Swee
ney for a three-story building, oa Waller and
Steiner streets, $7715.
Burnham, Marsh & Oo. report th« fol
lowing: sales:
Builders' contracts have been recorded
for work as follows:
Columbus Savings and Loan Society to Ellen
J. Hyde, Frances A. and CamHo. Martin, north
west line of Market street. 240:8 southwest
from Montgomery. NW. 80. NE. 2:6. NW. 8.
SW. 75:9. N. 30:9'4. W. 20. S. 46. W. 11, SE.
42:3. NE. 3. SE. 80. NE. 115. $24,000; Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society to E. Schnutenhaus
and Louis Pockwltz, east line of Valencia
street. 260 feet stfuth from Sixteenth. 75x87:8.
$16,000; Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to
Ellen M. Heaton. et al., north line of Califor
nia street, 70 feet west from Dnimm, $24,000;
San Francisco Savings Union to Charles A.
Warren, southwest lino Ninth street. 100 feet
southwest from Howard. SIS. 730: Security Bank
to Lissette Dennison. Sellm E., William M. and
Lydla Woodworth. southwest corner of Second
und Market, $40,000.
from Market. 45:10x80. $500: W. D. K. and
Emily A. Gibson to Claus Spreckels. southeast
line of Mission. 77:6 northeast from Third. 2Ox
SO. $12,500; Claus Spreckels to Independent Elec
tric Light and Power Company, same, $12,500;
also same to same, northeast line of Eighth. 40
feet northwest from Minna. 40x63. west line of
Hyde, 114:6 north from McAllister. 53x70. and
north line of Sacramento. 90 feet east from
Montgomery, 20x60, 115,500; William T. and
Mary a. Baker to Thomas Dey Company,
northwest line of Minna, 215 southwest Irom
Third. 23x70. »400O; Adam and Mary R Jeffrys
to Robert and Mary Reid, north line of Butte.
75 feet east from Texas. 25x100, $2000; Thomas
Alton as administrator for estate of Alice Far
ley to John V. Shank, north line of Silver
averiue, 110 feet east from King. 100x75. $S30;
Charles Pollfka to Karoline and Charles W.
Rebman. north line of Thirteenth. 144:lTi west
fiom Scott. 25:l%xll7:4l4. $3000; Hibernia Sav
ings and Loan Society to Frank E. Sharon,
west line of Broderlck, 125 feet north from
Grove. 25x100. J400O; Caroline Bowes to Joseph
E. Bowes, south line of Jackson. 125 feet eajt
from Baker. 25x127 :*M. $3000: Johanna and
Julius Adolph to Joseph R. and Antonio
Delucchl. west 11ns of Lyon street. 25 fe«t south
from Grove. 25x112:6, $2000; Louis Weals to
Anna J. Amelung, west line of Capp street,
113 feet north from Eighteenth, $% Inches by
120, $400; German Savings and Loan Society
to Manuel Breslauer, east lino- of Vilench*
street, 224 feet north from Twenty-first. 24x90,
15000; Homeseekers' Loan Association to Ed
ward L. and Jennie A. Combs, west lino of
Hartford street. 234 feet south from Eighteenth,
25x125. $-000; G. T. and Anna Knopf to Ellen
Creighton, south line of Twenty-first street, 25
feet east from Florida, 23x83. J1500; Pauline A.
Spanggord to Chester L. SpauKgord. lot £85,
Heyman tract. J5C0; Catherine Leavltt to San
ford Sachs, north line of Geary street 229:1
east from Stockton, 22:11x60. $32,000; Samuel J.,
Lizzie and Patrick Hayes to Robert Dalzlel,
northwest line of Minna street. 800 feet south
west from First. 24:2x80. J45C0; William H. and
Georglna Buckler to the city and county of
San Francisco, for extension of Fifth avenue,
north line of Lake street. 240 feet east from
Sixth avenue. 70x350, $500: Bertha Eggera to
Louis Wagner, south corner of K street and
Seventh avenue (south). 140x100. S1000; Joseph
B. Benway to Mary Mariotti, lot 192. Gift Map
8, $290; Ida Meyer to Margaret Brown, west
line of Stanyan street, 75 ftet south from
Parnassus avenue, 25x81:2. $4000; Behrend
Joost et al. to Victor L. O'Brien, lots 1. 2. 10
and 11. block 274. South San Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association, lot 7.. block
13S. O*N. and H. tract, lots 1. 2. 11 and 12.
block 469, Golden City Hcmeatfad. lot on E
line of Elmlra (Utah) street, 225 S of Helena.
5 73 by E 100. lots 340. 341 and 342. Silver Ter
race Homestead, also lot on W line of Klmlra
street. 625 N of Helena. W ICO. N U7:n. NE
77:6, S 112:5, E 25, S 25, lots 21 to 51, sam.\
also lot on NE corner of Helena and Hamp
shire streets. E 100 by N 100. lots 106 to 109.
same, also lot on E line of Michigan street,
50 N of Army (Colusa). N 73 by E 100. J50O0;
H. M. A. Miller to the Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company, northwest corner of K:llmcre
and Francisco streets, 100x30. JU-CO.
Larger mortgages and deeds of trust of
the ¦week were as follows:
"William D. Jew«tt to Martin J. Burke, west
corner Seventh' and Mission. SOxSO, two years at
6 per cent, $10,000; Joseph M. Kowalsky to the
French Savings Bank, east line of Mason street,
S5 feet north from Bddy. 25x69:9, $15,000: Charles
; A. Warren to the Mercantile Trust Company,
trustees of the San Francisco Savings Union,
southwest line of Ninth street. 100 feet south
east from Howard. SB. C5. S\V. 100, SE. 120,
SW. 85. NW. 175. NE. 185 (deed of trust). $13.
500, afterward reconveyed by th» Mercantile
Trust Company to Charles A. Warren: Lizzie
I R. Llllis to the Htbernia Savings and Loan So
ciety, northwest line of Market street, 213:1%
southwest from Van Ness avenue, 27:lHxlC2:5,
$10,000, one year at 6 per cent: St. Luke's Hos
pital to the- Security Bank, west line of Valen
cia street. 623:3 south from Twenty-sixth, for
three years at 6 per cent, 125,000.
The more Important releases were:
Review of thQ Prevalent Conditions and Some of the 'Big Sales
During the Past Week.
o
MOVEMENT OF REAL ESTATE
IN AND ABOUT SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900:
Thomas, alias "Roguey" Burns, the ez
convlct who was arrested by Detectives
Ryan and O'Dea about a week ago, was
positively Identified last night by John
Bauer as being one of the men who as
saulted him with an iron bar in his sa
loon at 624 Seventh street a short time
ago and robbed him of $37.
Burns has Berved three terms In State
prison and Is regarded as an unusually
dangerous criminal. He and his pals are
strongly suspected of being the men who
committed several bold hold-ups la this
city during the past few weeks.
by Old Man. Whom Ho Had
Helped Bob.
The Notorious ex-Convict Identified
RECOGNIZES BTJBNS AS
ONE OF THE B.0BBEKS
The hand of James R. Dunn, chief $t
the Chinese Bureau at this port, became
visible yesterday In a telegram from Sec
retary Gage to Acting Customs Collector
Jackson, ordering the dismissal from the
service of William Borreo, the watchman
employed at the Chinese detention shed
at the Mail dock. Thl3 order was com
piled with and Mason S. Blackburn was
appointed in his stead.
Before Chief Dunn left for Washington
about a month ago It was learned at the
Custom-house that Borreo was in the
habit of making frequent visits to China- •
town and it was suspected that he was
acting as a messenger between the Chi
nese immigrants In the detention shed
and their friends In Chinatown.
WATCHMAN BOBHEO IS
DISMISSED BY ORDER
Secretary of the Treasury Disapproves
of His Visits to the Chinese
Quarter.
HORSE VS. MAN-J. C, City. Theia
never has been a te3t : of endurance be
tween horse and man. "for a thousand
miles, \ horse . and vavn to go as they
please, the horse to draw -a cart." The
best time for a horse for long distance
X. as ,?? ade b y Conqueror In harness over
the Union course, Long . Island. Novem
ber 12, . 1853, he covering 101 miles in
eight hours flfty-flve minutes and flfty
tlire© seconds. Georgre Llttlewood in a go
as you please match covered ltto miles in
the first nineteen hours of the contest
200 In forty-one hours and 5001n 132
hours. Prom these figures you can form
your own conclusions whether a horse or
a man would be able to cover a thousand
miles and. whjctt would, outlast the otlxer.
GOLDENSON'S CRIME — W., City.
Alexander Goldenson shot and killed
Mamie Kelley In San Francisco. Novem
ber 10. 1886. He. was arraigned In the
Superior Court November 13 of the same
yea 1 "., his trial commenced February 23
1887, he was found guilty on the'28th o{
timber ifS^ ""* WaS h&nsed Sc P"
38
We have a select lot of car-
pets that are exclusively ours
in design, color and pattern.
You won't see the same in any
other store in town. When
you buy these you get the best
that's made.
While you're, downtown
come in and let us show theYn
to you.
Linoleums,
Curtains,
Rugs.
Schltactcr
215-217 Sutter Street, Above Kearny.
DIED.
Be'ancort, Paulln*
Cell. Leland S.
Bellman. Vincent
Borsh. Frank
Bothmann. Fred
Brew. Caroline
Cassing. Margaret
Crowell. Ann* E.
Daaehy. George
Downey, Hannah
Dunn. Lizzie J.
j»:rot. Delia
Gove. Cajjt. Albion I
Grace. Jchn V.
Haccett. Myrtle H.
Johnson. Halldor
Jordan. William M.
Kennedy, Henry A.
Knutsen (Infant)
Langford. Kathleen
McAllister. Margaret
XcKee. Lester H. F
McLoughlln. Patrick
Melnlnger. Mrs. F.
Moore. Joseph
Morris. WU'.lam
Muivln. Joseph E.
Reed. Samuel N.
Tl - Wt»hnrn. Phoebe
EEX.ANCORT— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. November Si. I'M). Pauline Belancort, a
r.ative of France, aged £2 years.
EELL— In Huicingan. P. I.. May 18, 1900, of
pernicious malaria, Le!and S. Bell, beloved
brother ot Mrs. E. M. Buckley and Robert A..
Rebecca C. and Harford Be'.l. a native of
8an Francisco, aged "6 years 2 months and
12 Ueys.
BELLMAN— In this city. November Zi. 1900,
Vincer.t, beloved husband cf Margaret Bell-
man, and father of Robert A., Vincent. Isa-
bel. Euftace. Cecil J. and Alice M. Bellman
and Mrs. G. C. Gallagher, a native of Hast-
inp!-. England, ag-ed T3 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
th'.s day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
resldcr.ee, 37i7 Twenty-third street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
BORSH— In the City and County Hospital.
November 23. 1900. Frank Borsh, a native of
California, eged SI years.
BOTHMANN-In this city, November 24. 1900.
Fred Bothmar.n. dearly beloved eon of Louisa
end Frederick Bothmann. and beloved brother
of Henry Bnthiaann, Mrs. Elizabeth Anchlck.
Mrs. Mary Ludemann, Mrs. Thomas F- Mitch-
ell and Mrs. William F. Strand, a native of
San Francibco. aged 22 years and 20 days.
tPi-.iladelphia papers please copy.)
IC^Frier.d? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
• Monday), at 2 o'clock, irom the residence of
his mother. 1237 York street, between Twenty-
roBTtb and Twenty-fifth streets. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
BREW— In tfan Luis GMejx>. November 23, 1900,
Caroline, xiiie of N. C. Brew.
CANNING — In this city. November 54. 1900. at
the residence of her daughter. Martraret Can-
nine, beloved mother of Mrs. Elizabeth Lacy
and Joseph Canning, a native of Londonderry,
Ireland, e^ed SO years.
Cr.OWELL— In this city. November 13. 1900, at
htr residence. 121 Kuss street. Anna Eliza,
¦wife of George Crowell. mother of Edgar C.
Wallace K. t Emily E. and William H. Cro-
weii and Mrs. Walter T. Crowell. Mrs. James
EiliFon and Mrs. William 1. Armstrong and
ti^f-r at Joseph Trader, a native of Phila-
delphia, aeed Cl years 2 months and 2 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(EatuSayi, at 2:43 o'clock, from the chapel of
the crematory in Odd Fellow*' Cemetery.
DANEHY— In th'.s city. November 23. 1900,
George, dearly beloved son of James and
Caroline l_>anehy, and brother of Charles.
¦Waiter, David, Edward, Mary, Irine, Carrie.
Nellie and Alice Daaehy and Mra. W. Wise,
a rative of San Francisco, aged 19 years and
7 mnnths.
C7* Friends and acquaintance* ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Su:iday). at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McMenoraev & Son. 1057
Mission street, near Seventh. Interment Holy
Crofs Cemetery.
XXiWNEY— In this city. November 24, 1900.
H«nr.a.h Duwney, a naxlve cf Ireland, aged C
yea's.
C?TC<niee cf funeral hereafter. Remains at
t!ic parlors of Theo. Dlerka,- So" Mission street.
DIXN'-In tbis city. November 23, 1900, Lizzie
J.. beloved •wife of John IXinn. and mother of
Frank and Jchn \V. Dunn, a native of Mas-
rachusetts, aged 64 years 7 months aad 26
days.
G1ROT— In Oakland. November 23. 1S00. Delia
Glrot. a native of Ireland, aged C7 years.
CT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of James McManus, Seventh and Caitro
streets. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
COVE— In East Oakland. Cal.. November 24.
U0Q, CartaJn Albion B. Gove. born in North
Edgecomb, Me., aged 74 years 4 months and
S days.
Cy Funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 1117
Nintii avenue, near Twelfth street, at 2
o'clock-
GRACE— In this city. November a. 1900. John
Vincent Grace, beloved eon of Pierce and
Resina Grace, aged 7 years 3 months and 25
datjrB.
HAGGETT— In this city, November '23. 1900.
ilyrtJe H.. dearly beloved daughter of Forrest
and Lizzie Happen, and sister of . Hazel,
Chester and Percy Hasgett. a native of San
Francisco, aged 13 years and 4 months.
r-yFrlcnds are invited to attend the ser-
vices this jflay «Sun<iay). at 1 o'clock, at the
chapel of Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. November 23, 1900.
Ilalldor Johnson, beloved brother of Blrgvla
Johnson, a native cf Canada, aged 22 years
end 7 months.
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of.
II. F. Suhr & Co., 11H Mission street, be-
t»wn Feventh and Eighth. Interment Moun*
Olivet Cemetery.
JORDAN'— In this city, November 24. 1900. Wil-
liam M. Jordan, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years.
CZ7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
'Monday), st b o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvcy & Co.. 122& Market street, thence to
St. Piul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
etreets. where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at S o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
KENNEDY— In this city, November 23. 1300.
Henry A. Kennedy, & native of St. John. N.
B.. act-d 45 years.
C^Frirads ajid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(funday). at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company. 406
Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 11:50 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
KNL'TfcEN— In this city. November 23. 1900.
infant- daughter of Cornelius and Magna.
Knutsen. a native of San Francisco.
LANGFORI>— In San Leandro, November 23.
1WA Kathler-n Ethel, beloved and only daugh-
ter of Lucy M. and the late Thomas R. L&ng-
ford. a native of San Leandro, aged 8 years
11 months and 4 days.
J^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her grand parent k. Clark street. San Lean-
dro, thence to St. Ix-ander'e Church for ser-
vlces. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. San
Mateo County, by train leaving San Leandro
at 10:SS o'clock, end electric funeral car from
Ma.rket-etreet depot. San Francisco, at 11:45
o'clock.
MCALLISTER — To-morrow (Monday), at 9
o'clock, a month's mind requiem mass will
be celebrated in St. Brigtii's Church, corner
of Van Ness avenue and Broadm-ay. for the
repose of the eoul of the late Margaret ilc-
All1i=ter.
UcKEE— In Nome City, Alaslta, July 25, 1900,
Lester II. F. McKee. beloved eon of Mrs.
L. T. Edwards, and brother of Daisy L. Mc-
Kec. a native of Washington, D. C. aged 2S
j-cgr" and 3 month*.
CTTrlends axe respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral 6ervices this day (Sunday).
et 2:30 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray &
Co.. 641 Sacramento street. Interment pri-
vate. Masonic Cemetery.
ycLAUGHUN-In this city. November 23. 1900,
Patrick, beloved husband of Mary MeLaugh-
l!r.. and father of Nellie and Joseph McLeugh-
lln, Mrs. Jchn J. McAdams and Mrs. James
H. Donohoe. a native or County. Galway. Ire-
land, aged 7S years.
CjTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 20 Elgin Park, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass win
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flar.r.acan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et.. opposite Ltnwjln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 13 Fifth et Tel. South 167.
JCXEEAL DIRECTORS AND EKBALJf EB J
Finest Equipment at Mo<Sera.te Rates.
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
129 Kearny Street
ANTHF.S— KEARXS- In San Rafael. Novem-
ber 17. 1!»00. by the Rev. Father Phillips,
Fred P. Anthes and Rose A. Kearns.
ELArcCKEXBCRG— JELLJ;— In this city. No-
vw.ber IS. ll'OO, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.
Emil L. M. Klanckenbur* and Emllle Jelle.
El "TTER WORTH — DAVIS — In Santa Rosa.
July IS. IKK), by the R^v. J. M. Cassln.
Thcmas C. Butterworth and Maggie E. Davis,
both cf San Francisco.
EYLEH'-'WOOD— In Oakland, October 31. WOO,
ty JtSnice La Ru*. Alexander Lawrence Byler
of Sfan Francisco and Jessie Mae Wood of
Oaicland.
JAEGELIXG-SCHLITTEX-ln this city. No-
vember 21, 1900, by the Rev. J. Fuenflellng,
Julius P. Jaecellr.g and Pauline R. Schlltten.
QriCK— EVANS— In this city, November 17.
H'CO, by the Rev. Father McCough of St.
Francis Church. James R- Quick and Gretta.
E. Evans.
"WELSH— PRINCE— In this city. November 19,
1S0C, at St. Brendan's Church, by the Rev.
father Qu!r.n. Richard Welsh and Mamie
Prince, both cf San Francisco.
MARRIED,
A good quality of white wool blankets, 60x78 inches
at $4.00 a pair ; 66x80 inches at $5.50 a pair.
Extra quality bed comforters filled with laminated
white cotton, size 72x90 inches, special at $2.00 each.
Bed Coverings
Damask cloths in a great variety of handsomely woven
designs with napkins to match from $8.25 to $39.00 a set.
Table Linens for
Thanksgiving Day
A new and timely importation of Irish and German
table linens in choice designs of finely woven, hemstitched
Cloth 2>£x2 yards with i dozen napkins S 8.00 a set.
Cloth 3 X2 yards with i dozen napkins 8.75 a-set.
Cloth 3>£x2 yards with i dozen napkins 9.50 a set.
Cloth 2>^x2^ yards with i dozen napkins 13.50 a set.
Cloth 3 x-zH. yards with I dozen napkins 15.00 a set
During the coming week we will sell at greatly reduced
prices, the following shades in the very best qualities of
imported woolen yarns which are guaranteed full weight:
Zephyr wool, 2, 4 and 8 fold; colors: maize, old gold,
gobelin, old rose and red brown, at 4c a lap.
Saxony wool, colors : white,, black, flesh, pink, gray,
tan and brown at 8c a skein.
Fairy zephyr, colors: fawn, scarlet and dark blue at
German knitting yarn, colors : red, flesh, gray, blue,
tan, old gold and brown at 20c a hank of 4 ounces.
Special Yarn Sale
BOBN.
CARLSOX-In thU city. N««mb«r tt. 1S0O. to
the wife of A. Carlson, a son.
COOKE— In thli city, to the wife of William
Co; ke. & ecn.
FAULKNER— In th!e city. November li. 1900.
to the wife of E. Faulkner, a eon.
GOODMVRPHT-In this city. November 1«.
1S-JC. to the wife cf S. R. Goodniurphy. a
daughter.
HAr.RIS— In this city. November 10. 1900, to the
wife cf T. V. Harris, a dauchter.
EOFENTHAL— In this city. November 16. 1M0.
to the wife cf D. V. Rosenthal. a. daughter.
Birth, marrisxe and death notices cent by
itjbjI fill not be inserted. Tn*y must be nand«l
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence ofper-
•on* authorized to have the e&me published.
BIRTHS— MnERlABES— DEATHS.
ET Relatives and friends are requested to
attend the funeral this day (Sunday), at
1 o'clock, from Ms late residence. 22 Kondei
place. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
REKD— In this city. November 24. 1500. Samuel
Nevln Reed, dearly beloved son of William
J. and Sallna F. Reed, and beloved brother of
Mary. Grace and William P. Reed, a native
of San Francleco, aged 1 year 4 months end
27 days.
WHITEHORN-In Uklah. November 20. 1900.
Phoebe Hester, beloved wife of George White-
horn, mother of Muriel B.. Clifford and Doris
¦\Vhltehorn. daughter of Charleb and Hester
Kewell. and sister of Charles H.. Frederick
\V. and Kroelle W. Kewell and Mrs. Minnie
J. Francis, a native of London. England,
aged 2S years 10 months and S days.
(OTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Bunday). at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2M7 Mission street. ne»r
e °venteenth.
C7\Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 837 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MULVIX— In this city. November 23. 1900, Jo-
seph E., beloved son of William and the late
Mary Mulvln, and brother of Mary E. Mulvln,
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years.
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:S0 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. '
ME1NIXGER — To-morrow (Monday), at 8
o'clock. In St. Ignatius Church, & requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of the soul of Mrs. Fannie Melnlneer (nee
Duffy), who died November 25. 1&99, In New
York City. Friends are respectfully Invited
to attend.
MOORE— In the City ' and County Hospital.
November 23. 1900. Joseph Moore, a native
of Nevada, aged ES years.
MORRIS— In this city, November 23, 1900. Wil-
liam Morris, a native of Delaware, aged 46
year*. A member of the Paciflc Coast Mulna
Firemen"* Union. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Chicago Grain Market.
¦ ¦'. CORN— Prices sho-jr no change, and the mar
ket Is dull and easy. California Yellow, !i lOffl
$1 15; "California White, Jl 1801 174; Eastern
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
. Second" Session — December— 2000 ctls, 73c.
¦ Regular' Morning "Session— May— 2000 ctls
73"ic; 2000. *3*ic.: December— 12.000, 73c.
OATS— The : market continues flrm at un
changed quotations, . with moderate offerlntra. -
¦ White,' «1 3001 50: Surprise, .nominal; Red
SI 20©l 30 for feed and $1 35@1 40 for seed; Gray
nominal: Black, for feed, 11 12%®l 20; for seed'
JUf-t&l SO per Ctl. . . ; ' , '
CALL BOARD SALES
Feed, 73*4®75c for oholce bright. 72\4c for No.
1 and 67>i£f70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping graded. S0<S8$c: Chevalier, nominal.
BARLEY— Dealers continue to quote a dull
and easy 'market. There is rather mere dolugr
on call, however. •
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — May— 2000 ctls
Jl MH December— 4000, Jl 04H. %
Sccqr.d Session— May— <0CO ctls, Jl 04; 10,000,
Jl 03%. December— 10,000. 97c. . .
Regular .Morning; Session— May— 12,000 ctK
$1 03vi. December— 4000. »&%c.
CALL BOARD SALKS
WHEAT— The markets were dull and feature
less all. over the world. Liverpool was quiet
and steady, j New Tork was unchanged and
Chicago was dull, though not quotably lower.
The market was very narrow. The shipping
demand, however, was good, and ttj.OCO bush
els were worked on this account. Considerable
December Wh<>at' remains to be placed, how
ever.
The local market was listless and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, s"hc; Milling,- »u»
1 024 per ctL
JVheat and' Other Grains.
. , ; ... : ¦ - - 9
Sterling Exchange, SO days — $4 g2^i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 56
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight.. ..f. — 7VJ
New York Exchange, telegraphio — io
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63*i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60H ©51
Exchange and Bullion.
NITVV TORK. Nov. *4.— The rac-t ftriklns
point In to-day's market was its du!lnpfl», com
parwl with the recent lex-rf of activity.
Nether the public n^r the large opTAtors
E-iiied to l«* takir.? any part in the nir.rket
end prices drifted rathfr aimlessly and hesi
tatingly. The continued weaJtn<^s in scam
tinckt. eep^clally S-t«««>I ar.d Wire, at the open-
Ing, was offset by the a*rgTes.?:va Etrrngth ol
<"then!. "Vorthcm Pacific opened over i pctat
higher and extended the advance later to ever
2 point*. There was iEdep*n4»nt *tr»n|-t»i
ehotsm at different tlrz*e by Union Par-ifio nnd
by tlie Southern railway stocks, whicn lifted
them JglVi points each. There feemed to b»
fome lr.kllsg cf the favorable character of
tibm ba.nk; mts.inr^nt btfer* its appearan~e on
ih» tapo. The boar traders have circulated
rumors eirjee j*»i«terday tha.t some BB]Mte(fe*M
:r.*".uecce was at work which would --poil the
t"if!d featurt-s of the statement. Ehorts covcrc-a
:;i\ily in advance of the statement and a
r>-:.eral raJly lifted the whole market well ov*-r
last nip-ht, many etock» rl«lne a t>olnt or morn.
Th^ bear* w«>r* much struck. bv the failure of
>r>- lanre buyl*i«r demand to develop with the
• :.m- ni'iney conditions indicate! and they put
i it" fr»f h khort lines in the lant few minutes
' tra<Sr.g, ••xcppt for the stocks wh<*re rart
•- Jjjtr fctr^n^th has been shown. TJi» mar
•¦-•¦*. at no tlmff shoire.J the urgent Il(]uldatlon
• hich was the feature yesterday, L-ut new
bvytnc wm «-<jual!y Jacklngr, <ven w^en tl»e
t< 'hnlcal qufstlnn became distinctly faiorablt.
(-••-ck market activity has bt-en fully m^In
ta'.ned duriac tlv* pant week, but the <;!p;?tl3n
Bt irrryiita haa mad? Inroads upon prir-'t at
•..^n>- poim» and the opinion tha.t the advance
» :^s In danger of a\er-rz.ien&ing Itself has
Rained fore*. The notable Ftrsnirth ot a few
• 'ocka l^as J»e*>n dw, to %ome extent at learr,
!'- uncial fttuj<*'« fcnd has »«-r\«-.l as a FtronK
*jfct»Jning- lnflu^nc*. The r^actt- nary te.id»r.oy
• uM un-loulyte<Jl>- have l>een more jau.rh^<l
• ¦¦'¦¦ it r.ot lK-«n for thin sunamln* inflapnc«.
¦ 'i'Jr.Ion rtitanlljis the |-ro«p < -rou8 onti>oK for
i ¦¦• : ?lne£a has wa. b^-^n tinchfinc^d and no un
.'iit-orable factrrs have developed. Tlic cnl/
';:;<artn«f« <.« ie«t the outlook is beln< ovci
: "<tninte4 «.n<l prlo»» Inflated by pareiy epecv
-•-:ve demand for etocks, thus Iniitiny .1 cor
'-: r-wndlr^ly violent collapse. Profe»?iinil
;»ra.tor« in stock* have been keenly alert for
Ji* turnine point In the icarket and have tak«n
Nczv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — There was nothing
f n the way of new developments noted for
evaporated apples to-day, the market ruling
steady at unchanged price 1 -. Stati\ common,
4?j&c; prime, 4"ig5He; choice. 5Vfcig 6c; fancy,
6fi6^4c. - . ¦ s
<"aliforr.Ia dried fruits. Inactive. •
PRUNES— 3^(f?S'tc.
Al'RICOTS— Royal. 11iffl4c: Moorpark, 1E«T18<?.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16©2Cc; unpeeled, 6®9c
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. Nov. 24.— Receipts of flour, 23,
1S3; exports, 2?, 747. Moderately active and a
litU'f steadier on the strength of wheat. Win
ter i atents. $3 *-0#3 SO; winter straights, *3 40®
Z 55; Minnesota patents, {3 l'0jj4 23; winter ex
trac, $2 6O@2 90; Minnesota bakers', I3ff3 25;
.winter low grades, J2 4OQ2 60.
WHEAT— Receipts, 73,075 bushels; export*.
63.C00 bushals. fc-pot— Firm; No. 2 red. 7S%<*
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76vic elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S3%c f. o. b. afloa.t; No. 1
hard Duluth. ST'-ic f. o. b. afloat. Options
Opeued steady and firmer, closing firm at' UQ
Vic net advance. March, 60He. closed 80iic;
May, SOVbc, 'Closed 80c; November. 77c; Decem
ter, "n\c.
K OPS— Quiet. State, common, 16^21c; Pa
cific Coast, li<519c.
HIDES— Firm. California, 19c; Texas dry,
"wOOL-QuIet.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio. quiet: No. 7 Invoice.
7»ic: mild, quiet; Cordova, 9H©13^c. Futures—
Clos«3 Aveak. 5 to 10 points lower. Total sales,
S7J0 bass. November. J6: December, J6; Janu
ary, $6 10; March, J6 20-06 CO; May. *6 30«i6 40;
July, *6 40^6 JO; September, *6 50@6 CO; Octo
bfcK $6 55.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining, 3T4c;
centrifugal, 66 test. 4*«c: molasses sugar. SHc
Refined, easy: No. 6. 6.05c; No. 7. 4.95c: No. 8,
4.S5c: No. 9. 4.7ac : No. 10. 4.70c; No. 11, 4.65c;
No 12. 4.60c; No. 13, 4.60c; No. 14. 4.53c; Etand
ard A. 6.40c ; confectioners' A, 5.40c; mold A,
D.S'c; cut U>af, Cc; crushed, 6c; powdered, 5,70c;
granulated, S.eOc; cubes. 5.75c. >
BUTTER- Receipt!", ' 2931 rackages: quiet.
Creamery. IHiSSe; June creamery. ISHSZSHc:
factor}'. lC*724c. -. ¦ V
EGGS— Receipts, 4S51 packages; quiet. West
ern regular packing, at mark, 20Q22^c; "West
ern, loss off, !6c.
New York Grain and Produce.
.. ,?::r.g are the sea.«3nal rainfalls to
C3te, u c^^f^arvil vi-lth those of the same date
la>t f--abi»n. end rainfall In the lai>t twer.ty
tcur boms:
tan Frcr.cisco ilata: Maximum temperature.
, tnicimutn. 4S; mean. t3.
.VEATHEP. CONPmONB AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A Ftorm of moderate er.ertrj' is approachlnj
bt camxt of Washington and has already
¦WB»fl rain frrim Kureka northward. At As
• r*.e. 1.14 inches ha* ilreatly fallen and at
<*-«h I'.ay J3 of an :nch.
Bootbeut norm -varnlr.j-s ar»> <J!?r'la.J'?<l along
l.e c-^ayt from Fort Br^K^ northward.
The prvesure has feJlen more than .2 of an
nch duriner the past twer.ty-four ho»jr» over
Iresaa aci Wa^hinifton. Xhere are some ia
::iati'n« that the storm •rill move directly
. '. v-.i r.'.t ' .rr.f a'^uii.'*ani ns fax
U i-an Francisco.
11. r t^mrxraturt has risen rapidly over South
ern California and has fallen In the Eacra
iwnto Valley.
Korecast ma<5e at San Francisco for thirty
-. f i'^rs c-r.(!:r.jt ir.Idclght. November 23, 1500:
K< rihfrn «'«!:forr.;3— Fair in fouthern portion
Sunday, ra:n in northern i<ort!on; fresh south
sau>t winds nl-jr.g the coart from San Frajicljco
BmUiwsaJ.
Bantbera California — Fair Sunday; light
D'rthfTly *rtn4.«.
Kcvafla * Ctoodr ?ur.day.
I'tali— FaJr fcucday.
Arizona— Fair Sur.<Jay.'
ifan F*raacS*co and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tl«J weather Sunday, probably light Eaowers;
northerlj-. char.Kinjr to freth eoutheasterly
T.lnds. ALEXA^CDER G. McADIE,
. Forecast OfficiaL
-^.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— To-day's treasury
statement shows: Available cash balance
$135,833,303; gold, $91.S97,976.
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— Atchison, 40H: Canadian
Pacific, &0».;; Union Pacific preferred, $314;
Northern Paclnc preferre.l, S4'i: Grand Trunk,
G*ii : Anaconda, KH4-
Bar silver, quiet, 23Vid per ounce. Money,
StJS'.s p^r cent.
NEW TORK, Nov. 24. — The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market here was very quiet to
day except in Americans, which alone dis
played Eome moderate activity. London an?l
Merlin took profits freely on the anticipation
r.f the settlement Impemllns on Monday. At
th» lower level, however, Berlin bought back
a fair amount of American stocks. The an
nouncement of the issue or exchequer bonds
fcteadied the money market.
American bills are. offered In abundance.
London Market.
a 1 . . -;£.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21. -The Financier says:
The banks continue to reflect the gains in cash
made through operations with the sub-treasury
and the interior. Receipts of Australian gold
transferred to New York rtgrures in swelling the
total. The current statement shows an expan
sion of no less than Si.SiO.OOO in specie and
*l,64S.S0O In legal tenders, lt a pain of $7.53$,-
SCK) since November 17. "this addition is In
excess of what known or>e!ati"r.s reveal, but
conceding its accuracy the clearing house banks
bave placed a substantial amount to their sur
plus reserve. The net increase was fi.6Os.:.0O
for the reason that the rise- of $J1.121.2» in de
posits necessitated an added 1 la;ral reserve of
nearly $3,000,uo0. The interesting feature of the
Ftiuatlon locally is the moderate expansion In
loans since the election. On November 3 last
the loan total of the bank.: stood at $7S2.330,300,
or within a few hundred thousand dollars of
Saturday's Fhowlnir. and • since November D
the gain has been only K.QOO.fKK): this, too. at
the clof=e of three weeks' Stock Exchange busi
ness that has broken all records. Since No
vember 3 the banks bavo added JS.72l.90O to
cash holdings, while deposits. have ris<?n less
than flO.000,000. It will ue seen that clearing
houre institutions ere in a much stronger po
sition than Just previous io the election. It Is
questionable whether tn«? drift toward larger
reserves will be maintained. One factor that
confuse? calculations en this point Is the con
tinued investment buying which characterizes
the present market. Everything points to a
still further accumulation of gilt-edged securi
ties in these channels. The outlook, so far as
money is concerned. Is not to be Judged oy
comparisons that may be made with . past
yeare for the reason that the- absorption of do
mestic cold production In these channels an<l
from Alaska and the .rreat rise in national
bank notes have resulted in a per capita cir
culation In exceEs of anything heretofore
known, so that while more business is being
done the country has more money to do lt with
and possesses heavy credit balances abroad that
can be drawn upon If necessary.
The weekly statement of averages of the
Associated Banks shows:
Amount. Increase
Loans J792.722.100 $ 4,874,000
Deposits S51.341.30O 11,721,200
Circulation 30,633,200 . 10 700
Lesal tender GO,3S3,600 1.648,800
Specie 164.742.5OiJ 5,830.000
Total reserve 223,126,100 7.S28.S03
Reserve required 212.847.S21 2,930,S0O
Surplus reserve 12,278,275 4,602,500
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 24.— Market quiet and un
changed. Bluestem, 56Hc; club, 64c
PORTLAND. Nov. 24.— Wheat, steady; Walla
Walla, C4S54Hc: bluestcm. 57®57Hc .
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Nov, 24.— Clearings, $209,366;
balances, {34,446.
Portland's Business.
WHEAT-Spot, firm; N?. 1 California, 6s 2VJ<1;
No. 2 red Western winter. 6s; No. 1 Northern
spring. Cs 3'id; futures, quiet; December, 5s lid-
March. c s hid.
CORN— Spot, flrm: American mixed, new,
4s 3>/id; futures, dull; November, 4s %d; Decem
ber, 4a Vid: January, 3s 10'^d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady,
Ss Cd.
HOPS— At London, Paclnc Coast. steady,
£2 5s©£3 Cs.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. . 24.— Consols, 93 7-1639S"4;
silver, 23V;d: French rentes, lOOf 57Hc Wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady. English
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 21.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard California, Cs 2'«d©6s 3d; wheat yi
Paris, quirt; flour In Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet. Weather In England, cold
and damp.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 11-lCd.
Foreign Markets.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 24.— The brokers' price for
lead was *i and for copper {17.
NEW YORK, Nov". 24.— The cotton market
closed quiet, 3 points higher to 6 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 24.— Imports of specie this
week were I33SS In gold and J45.907 silver.
Exports of gold and silver from this port to
all countries for the week aggregate $1,370,159
silver bars end coin and {23.&G0 gold.
The impcrts of dry goods and merchandise to
the port of New York for this week were val
ued at 59, 103, "75.
Imports at Neiv York.
CHICAGO, Nov. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts, 20);
nominally steady; natives, good to prime
steers, ?3 23^5 SO; poor to medium, U 20®3 13:
selected feeders, , $3 73Q'4 40; mixed «tock»rs,
J2 2j®3 73; cows, $2 70*g4 25; heifers, J2 75frl 65.
canners, 52SJ2 65; bulls, !2 6O@4 S5; calves, }3 50
(@6 EO; Texas fed steers, $4@4 33; grass 3t»»r3,
$3 25514 15; bulls. *2 50®3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 21.000: Monday. 40,
0C0; left over, E'X>0; average fuMy 5c higher:
top, J5; mixed and butchers, $4 70® 5: good to
choice heavy, $4 S0#5; rough jUM***r, J4 C3'3 1 4 73;
liKht. J4 70-23J bulk of salec. C4 85^4 tj.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1300; sheep and lamts,
steady; good to choice wethers, Jl®4 30; fair to
choice mixed. $3 1504; Western sheep, $ig» 2.".;
Texas bheep, 12 B0®3 60; native lambs, J.4. 40^
<h 30; Western lambs, $4 73Q5 25. . ' ».'..
Chicago Livestock Market.
Wheat— pec. Feb. Mar.
Opening' *• H •••• 6 '4
Closing 3 11 •••. 6 "4
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -Juno.
Opening 19 90 21 J)
Closing "90 2133
1 Flour —
Opening 23 73 27 40
Closing 25 &0 27 40
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BM.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.H5*4116^:4s do cp (new)U7*413Sij
4s do reg US"4Ufii|4« do coup 1034110^5
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.104 — 1 Oak Water 5s.. 1C5 — !
Cal-st Cab os. .lis'i — (Oceanic SS os.UO'i —
C C Water os.lOSVi — |Om C Ry 6*. ..123 123
Ed L & P 63. ..131 — Pac O Imp 4s.. 103 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P & Cl Ry 6s.. 1W —
Geary-st R 5s.- — P&ORR 63.115V4 —
H C & S 5Hs... — — Powell-!>t R 6s — — i
Do 5s 100«4 — Sac E G&R Es.lOOH —
L A Ry SS....110V4 — S F A SJV 5s.ll9i3 —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do gntd 6s.. — — S P of A es-.-.tU^ —
L A *ntd 5s.. .100 102 3 P ofC6s(19C5)
L A P R R 5S.102H — (Series A).... 109*4 —
Market-st 6s... 128*4 — Do<SerIes B)110H —
DO 1st M 5s.l20\i — Do (1306) ....113 —
N C N G K 7s. — 11* Do (1912) 120 —
M R of Cal 6s. 114*4 — S P R 1st g 5s.lO7*i — .
Do 5s — 1WV4 3 P R 69 131 —
N P <• R R 6s. 101 — S V Water 6s.Ul —
Do 3s 103 — Do 43 102U —
V Cal Ry 5s... 113^4 — Do 3d mtgre..lO2ii —
Dak G L & H.lio** — Stktn Gas 6s. .100 103
Oak Tran 6s..U7*-;US
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 72 Sprine Valley. 9344 M
Mann County. 51% —
OAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 3H 44 Pac L Co — 44H
Eqult O L Co. IS 34 Sac E G&R Co — 40
Mutual El Co.. - 3*4 3 F G & E.. 4S4 43
O G L & H... 49*i MU aan Francisco. — »
Pac Gas Imp.. 51 — Stktn G&E Co — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 227^230 I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. «9 — First Natlonal.2M 300
Bank of Cal... — — Lon P & A.. ..140 —
Cal S D & T. — 103*4 Merchants' Ex 16 IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S &. L — 1900 Sav & L So... — 81
Hum S & L... — — Sec Ea.v Bk.... — • —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav Un...615 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....123 130 O S L i H.... 33 4«H
Geary-st — 47H Presidio — 12
Market-st 6SVi 69 i
POWDER STOCKS.
rulifnrr'a .... — ISA jVigorit JH Z%
Giant Con Co. S3*i 84 I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7?iiKUauea S Co. 20% 21*4
Haw C & S Co 8I"4 86H! Makawell S Co 41H 42^ 1
Honokaa S Co. 31*s — jOnomea S Co. 29^ —
Hutch o P Co. 2ov» 2* I Paauhau 3 Co. 31"4 31Vi
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Asn.l24H125 Pac A F A.... 3 —
Cal Fruit Asn.103 105 Pac C Bor Co. — 15*
Mer Ex A*.«n.. 47 l*fl Par Paint Co.. 124 —
Oceanic S Co.. 88*i 99"-i
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Giant Powder Con S3 75
10 Honokaa S Co Zl 50
10 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 CO
30 Oceanic S S Co OS 73
JlfXH) Oceanic S S bonds Ill CO
20 Paauhau SP Co. cash 3125
40 Pacific Gas Imp 51 00
J3C00 Sacramento Elec, Gas and Ry 6s....l0o ?5
73 S F Gas and Electric Co 49 CO
60 S F Gas and Electric Co 48 S7»i
50 S F Gas and Electric Co 4S 75
75 S F Gas and Electric Co 4i» 63H
100 S F Gas and Electric Co. ¦ 30... 4S 50
Street—
J500O S V 4s (3d mtge) 1C2 50
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
1350 Cala-Etandanl 30
150 Home Oil 4 43
250 Lion Oil Co 40
3200 I.lon Oil Co 41
BOO Monarch of Arizona -40
£00 Monarch of Arizona, b 30 41
100 Occidental of W Va 62
800 Petroleum Center ?.O
1200 Reed Crude Oil Co £0
25 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 9 37*4
ICO Yukon 79
Street— ,
10 Homestake 12 00
300 Petroleum Center tS
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sale? In the San Fraa
clsco^Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
~ " Morning Session.
200 Andes (Si 10O Ophlr 8«
40O Best & Belcher 22 700 Ophir 85
1C0 Best & Belcher 23 1 COO Potosl 20
300 Challenge Con. 23 150 Savage 14
lOOChollar 10! 2C0 Seg Belcher 05
650 Con Cal & Va..l 40| SCO Sierra Nevada. 35
200 Con Cal & Va..l 35' 200 Silver Hill 43
100 Crown Point... CSj !•»> Union Con...... 14
200 Gould & Curry .1 10 700 Yellow Jacket.. 23
SOOHale&Nor.... t^_
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 23i 4C0 Ophlr 8S
1C0 Best & Belcher 12; 400 Ophir 85
200 C C & Va....l 4214! 400 Potosl 21
1600 C C & Va......l 4->! 300 Sierra Nevada. 37
2to Crown Point... <S S0O Silver Hill 44
100 Gould & Curry-1 10i 200 Sliver Hill 43
700 Mexican 27i , .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Nov. 24—12 m.
' : ? -':i ¦„¦<" BM.A.-k. Julia 01 03
Bid.Ask. I Justice -04 O>
Alpha n 03rKentuck 02 04
Alta -. 01 02iLady Wash.... — 03
Andes 04 05|Mextcan 25 27
Belcher 18 19 Occidental 0« 07
Best &. Belcher 21 23* Ophir r.... 84 85
Bullion 03 03 j Overman 67 08
Caledonia 38 40 Potosl i» 20
Chollar I. 10 11 Savage .15 ]«
Challenge Con. 23 2i Scorpion — 04
Confidence 63 60 S*g Belcher «4 C3
Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40} Sierra Nevada. 36 37
Con Imperial. .; — 01' Sliver Hill 43 4S
Con New York. — 02 St Louis 10
Eureka Con.... — 35 Standard 3 13 —
Crown Point... OS 10 Syndicate .07 —
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 14 i«
Gould * Curry.l 05 1 10 Utah 07 08
Hale ft Nor 24 26 Yellow Jacket.. 22 24
SATURDAY. Nov. 24—12 m,
There was little doing on the Stock and Bond
Exchange beyond some transactions In Gas and
Electric at J43@4S SO.
Business in the oil stocks was very good, for
Saturday, and prices as a rula were steady.
Petroleum Center rose to 30c.
The Makawell Sugar Company has declared
the usual monthly dividend of SOo per share,
payable on the 26th.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany will pay a dividend of 50c per share on
the 2«th.
The regular monthly dividend of 23c per share,
and the regular extrd dividend of the same
amount, by the Homestake Mining Company
will be paid on the 26th. the two aggregating
•105,000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
r-.h Mertliaa- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. T4— 3 p. to.
Weather Report.
i'all aivic-s fr->rn New York say: ••V.ith
only aljout a nee-k. more for the Thar.kysivlnar
tra.de it must be admitted that the drie 1 fruit
•rid nut but :r. ess in this market this fall :f
<lu!Jer tljan tas t<^en the case in a nucii»e* of
seasons. There have teen times in the last
few -wee-ks ¦when trade made hopeful ipurtfl,
bet en th« whole d-rr.ar.d has bten far below
¦ HWjUhIIhh ar.l n:otn dealers are Inclined u
tak« a rustier d:sc<iu raped view cf th? «ltuj
tlcn. Thfre is no question that the leng <'.e
f^rred cold weather, together with th; gr.*at
rl-r.ty of irf^Yi fruits all th<r summer and fall,
hat had a great deal to do with holiiug oif
tJ-«- dtniar.d for dried fruits. Unquestionably
a FTt-fci d»al of fruit has been canr.'-d nt
home by the thrifty housewife, and tnis has
eeriously affected the dried fruit trade, as
Wfll r« the canned poods market. The high
XTic«>s on currants, prunes, raisins, nuts, etc..
fceve also had the e^ect cf restricting trade.
>e a result of all these conditions the market
hap of :ate showed a tenden;y to Ires en
many artielps=.
"The ftrer.jrth of evaporated apples, d;ie to
the ar.xi-ty of ph-<rt? over Xovemt^r dellv
ectea, w^s a feature last we»k- Thi apple
ramxket was «juiet and a triSe rasier Satnr-tay.
A little more Interest Is taken in wane, J.tth
or. spot and future*. Currants ar>"? ahout
•tf-ady. with demand only fair. Figs are quie*,
layers generaily jfeferrins: :i wait for the
auction sales. Valencia raisir.s are easier, as
are a!f<i> imported Sultana*. California raisins
rhow no improvement. Demanl for prunes is
good. «n<" there axe less outside goods oflerinsr
at the out prices. ORCSS Ha!ian.«, on thp spot,
are i*-i;:r.g quite ireeiy. Interest In uni.e?lei
peaches is decidedly greater, M.d there is a
Tr.uch t-esier inquiry for medium and extra
fanry gxa its.
"Th- of new Grenoble walnuts is
th'- .'i-aturr in nuts, and the arrivals on Sat
urinyV ftearaers cajne on a j-ractically bar<»
market. Other walnuts are in light supply
nri'i *r»J <i*^rar<l. Almonds are quirt. Sicily
(Uberta are exnng r>ut trr-^ly."
Dried Fruit in New Ycrk.
The Lcn4on Grocers" Gazette fays of the
ecrdltirns In Liverpool: Good !r(-u!ry for ral
taoa l.as Epning up -.vithlr, tl>* last Vat Jays
for f.alf-iour.d tins. Alaska is in good request.
In the fruits t*-.«re is rr. >re inquiry for apriccts.
occasioned, no doubt, by the 'xoeedingly lew
price. aa4 It !s t-xt*ectc-J that to um« extent
arrtcots mill become popular. With the close
of the fresh fruit *>ea-> >n a rood trade Is e.t
ticipeted m Califcr.-.ia iruits.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
The local b&r.k ciearings fcr the part we<?k
•mounted to JM.lfE.SM Sf. against J20.04i,54i i«
tor tiie sn me week laft year.
Bank Clearings.
the short side many times since November 7.
only to be driven to cover with 1'iKse* at
higher prices. But It Is a matter of course
that the further the market advances the more
, vulnerable it bc-omea and the nearer it op
j preaches to the period of reaction. The tears
l-ave bad better succc-ss in making lmiires
sions on price* during the latter part of the
»wk than at any time since the electi m.
But while the desires of a t*?ar short on the
market are all for lower prices his neKls .ire
a powerful influence for advance. Forc-ii buy-
Ing from clcsxl-out shorts has helpo<l th'» 8'i
vanoe ir.ore than once In the last two w*?kf.
A conspicuous instance of this character was
offered by the London market. London Drokerj
sold privileges to buy American stocks on a
very lanre scale before election, which aro sub
let to redemption at the p«rlo.\ical Stock Ex
chanp* settlements, one of which occurs on
nert Tuf-SKlar. When prices 1> van to advance
here London continued to sell with confidence,
or with the hope of checking thn advance. But
the London operators apparently decMed to
take their losses this week and not tai;e th?
rlrk of seeing them grow by a further adx-^nc;.
On Wednesday London bought more stocks in
New York than on any previous day. the total
being estimated at 200.OXI shares. Th» Euro
pean short interest was largest in Northern
Pacific and the covering had not a llttlo to
do with that stock's sensational advance. Th>»
effect of the Bummer and autumn period "of
disoourajrement from the practical fallurv of
the spring wheat crop converged on th's »icrk
ar.d was aggravated by the action of the di
rectors in refraining from declaring the extra
1 per cent dividend at th« time they declared
the regular 1 per cent for the half-year. On
September 29 the etock sold at ii%,. On .Vednes
day of this week it sMd at 74 1 *. The chi.r.gr?s
in the conditions of this company and its
policy and the sentiment toward Its stock are
typical cf the changes In the whole ep.?ca
lative situation. Not only has there been
buoyant confidence In renewing businet-s by
buying and by making contracts to buy, t.ised
on the afsurance that prices vrouM tro iu
lower, but there has been an astonishing un
locsenir.«r of credits In the money market. The
continued digestion of profits in the eto:K mar
ket was another element of the prolonged
strength.
Active business has been done in bonds, but
It has at r.o time approached the high record
volume of the market of January. 1S»9. Prio?3
are fen»rally higher on the week.
United States new 4s advanced %; the re
funding 2e, when issued, and old 4s Vi. and
6s V* per cent over the ruling call prici of a
week ago.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
1 Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— . Bid.
13,£"» Atchison 39
l.S>O> AtchiEon prefd S2\
4.90-j Baltimore & Ohio »0}i
Canadian Faclflc 87^i
3,200 Canada Southern i£\ '
9,400 Chtsar*»ake & Ohio 35- 3
iOO .Chicago Great Western liht j
5,fe«J Chicago Burlington & Quincy 136U :
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 23 !
Chicago Indianapolis & Ixiuis pfiL. 57
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 93 I
4-.'O Chicago & Northwestern 166"*
S.K») Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 113*,
l/«j CCC4 St Louis 66V2
2>J0 Colorado Southern. €*¦*
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41^
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
100 Delaware iz Hudson .¦ 116^
Delaware Lackawanr.a & Western.. ISO
»>K> Denver & Rio Grande 22*4
l,O>j Denver & Rio Grande prefd 76^j
3rt Erie 13^i
2<J0 Erie 1st j.refd 3'.<U
1.6uO Great Northern prefd 1S1
Ho-klng Coa.1 16
Hocking Valley 3SU
600 Illinois Central 125
20>) Iowa Central 20U
Iowa Central prefd 45
Lake Erie fc Western 38
Lake Erie & Western prefd 106
Lake Shore 210V4
5.3*> Louisville & Nashville SIVi
11.3OJ Manhattan L 110}*
5,900 Metropolitan Street Railway 173
Mexican Central 12»4
IPO Minneapolis & St Louis 63Vj
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
5>» Missouri Pacific 5S J i
100 Mobile &. Ohio 53^
2CJ Missouri Kansas & Texas 11*4
il&O Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 36H
I'M New Jersey Central 143
lO.lOO New York Central 143*4
fi.CiOO Norfolk & Western 42»*
Norfolk & Western prefd SCI
41.900 Northern Pacific 7134
3,600 Northern Pacific prefd Sl* 4
400 Ontario & Western 24*4
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
600 Pennsylvania 142%
S» Reading 1SH
4. 10O Heading 1st prefd filS
LOO Reading 2d prefd 23^
Rio Grande Western 63
Rio Grande Western profd S3"i
?100 Pt. Louis & San Francisco 17»4
~7W Ft I^ouiw & Fan Francisco 1st pM... 73»i
1 300 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 454i
St Louif Southwestern .133*-;
* «V) St Louis ?outhw«tern prefd 31 7 <,
14,400 Bt Paul 12*%
St Paul prefd lg*
St Paul & Omaha 1=0
10.890- Southern Pacific *2&
30.100 Southern Railway lj
TOW Southern Railway prefd €3'»
R0 Texas & Pacific "H
23.700 Union Parlflc 'JH
5 700 T'nion Pacific prefd ...' »1^
Wat>a*h »
1,000 Wiibash prefd fl
1S00 Wheeling & Lake Erie.... 10"-.
m Wheelir.»r & Lake Erie Id prefd.... ®\
WisronKln Central JOJfc
"1 National Tube 6U*
. ... National Tube prefd 1C2^
Third Avenue "'-
C00 Baltimore & Ohio prefd S4*
Express Companies—
1.000 Adams »»
American " ii
I'nltfd States «
Wells Fargo *»"
Miscellaneou-'—
rx) American Cotton OH 21
American Cotton OH prefd 89
American Malting •-• 5
American Maltinsr prefd 23 _
4.400 American Bmeltlng & Ref 49-s»
100 American Pmcltlng & Ref prefd 95
American Spirit* l'/i
American Spirits prefd 17
1.500 American Steel Hoop prefd: 2SV»
Arr.frican Pteel Hoop prefd 75
21.120 American Ste*-I A- Wire 45
1.409 American Stc«;l & Wire prefd SS
400 American Tin Plate 42*4
r/i0 American Tin Plate prefd SS
3,H00 American Tobacco '....109
American Tobacco prefd 125
1.000 Ara<-onda Minlntr Co *9%
14,3fif> Brooklyn Ropid Transit 74Vi j
*.&*) Colorado Fuel & Iron E2*i I
3,^j0 Continental Tobacco '3%
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 93'£
•'.Wl Federal Steel 4S"i
100 Federal St»»I prefd 76
1,400 General Electric 1Q7M
Glucose Surar SiM
Glucose Sugar prefd ;...1O2 |
l r »0 International Paper 22
1.100 International Paper prefd 72 I
Laolede Ga« .' ; 71
200 National Biscuit : 38
2W National Biscuit prefd 93
National Lead 20
National Lr-ad prefd 93H
6.C00 National Fteel 37
National Steel prefd.... 9214
200 New York Air Brake ICO
1,200 North American l?8
k Pacific Coast 59
Pacific Coast 1st prefd '. K6
Paclnc Coar-t 2d prefd 67
J.109 Pacific Mail 44',i
6.S0O Peor!e"n Can 99%
1.2"ft Pressed Ffel Car C1H
3C-0 Pressed Steel Car prefd K14
Pullman Palace Car 1%
2^0 Standard Rrpe & Twine 5
J3.7C0 Susar ..132',i '
Bugar prefd U6
B^ICO Tennessee Coal & Iron 714
5.900 United States Leather ..144
2*>V United States leather prefd 76
10.800 United" EUtes Rubber ..38
LCOO United States Rubber prefd....:;.... S3' J
\V Vogt, Haywards J M PettingUl & w.
B Neustadter, Concord 1 Cal
J L Eeecher. Stkton jM!«s A T Plnkhara.
D M Schnabel, Cal ! Sacto
O A Johnson. Redding; O Y Woodward. Cal
W C Dallas. Atwater !H L Blllscn. Seattla
H H Henderson. Cal j Mrs E J Weidman.
J E Talbot, Stockton | Nome
F R Devlin. Vallejo * J J McGreel. Nome
H B Madison. Cal I L G Fellows, Colorado
F E W right. Sacto !G J Perkins A w.
H C Holmes, Conn j R W Van Amden, Sac
S J Dunlao. Los Ans } Dr L R, T^e Lande, Cal
H D Badser, L Ang IDrRJ Forhan. Denver
J A McClusket, L Ans R J Carter, Cheo
G H Asmew. Merced M E Lewis. Petaluma
H G Powers & w, Cal , Mrs B Rlcketts. Cal
A B Cohen. Butte ;N G Ricketts, S Jose
W R Arperson & w, F I Hodgklns, London
Portland Mrs E Newman, ValleJ
A C Grael & w. Chg;o Mis* Newman. Vallejo
E V French, 3 Rosa Mrs I RoaenbetTr. Cal
N F Emery, S Rosa Miss Trimmlngham.
A H Hart. N Y Crockett
M Bisjrs Jr. Oroville Mr3 B F Deal, Crocket
Miss Zlndowski. Cal L D Gammon, Denver
Miss Allen. WataonvilTJF O Myer». Arbuekla
Miss Kerr. WatsonvllliA W Berry. Chgo
E H Lorenze. Stockton! A L Burbank, L Ang
F C Ensijn & w. CaTW A Newton, Chtcasa
J E Davis, Fresno B Welch. Sacto
E B Nlcholls. Ill M II Welch, Oakland
E V Baker. Lcs An?
"W E Whittter, StanfrdrMra Sinclair. Winters
W C Swain. Cal (Mrs Judy. Winters
E Wetmere. Sulsun Miss Humphrey. Cal
DrJ E Conn. Napa Mrs W B Uar.kin & d.
H B Leigh. Stanford Los Gatos
GRAND HOTEL.
A L Holraan, Berkeley, C W Clark. Mont
Mrs T Spencer. La Ang; W H Murphy. Stanfod
S Storrow, Los Aoj IC G ilurphy. Stanford
C B Strohn. Arizona R H Brown. Lo« Ans
F T Dwyer. Sacto fN B Kroste. San Jose
C W Robinson & w.Cai; S R Retts. N T
J W Pew oi w, Cal 1 Mrs L V Armstrong.
A B C'ohn. Pike Co | New Ycrk
A D McLean. London J D Grissom. San Joss
D S Cone & w. R. Bluff. F W Miller. N T
R B Hunter, Xomc I J C Gamajf, V T
H C B.irley. ska^u.iy ' J L. r>aube. Chicago
II ]{ Dana & w. Ala ! J M Wllcox & w. N T
F B McNear. Chicago' J Annan, London
TV A Shumau. St Lake J W Ledoux. Phila
Mrs L L Baker. Cal i Mrs Vv" 11 Cone. Denver
H R Eaker. Cal R Rosenthal. N Y
J B Sharre. N T W E Lovedal. Sacto
Mls?« Mulholland. L. An F W Yost. Stanford
E W Purser, NY I if Buler. Kan.«ss
Mrs F B French. N Y Raymond & Whitney
Mrs J W Glbbs. N Y | Excursion-
Mrs L G Frith. Oakld :J P Bodge & w,
S Mackey. Pomona i 1* C Bpdse.
R C Klrkwood t w. I Miss 3 M Titus.
Pomona ! M Eger & w.
A w Kelly, BerkPley | \V II Hart & w.
F F Thomas. Berkeley, Mrs M V Shepard.
M B Gomales & w. Cal A A Wilkinson.-
H R Blake. Ros3 | Misn Cakendall.
W G Page & w. Idaho I G F Simonds,
Mrs TV Schaw. Oakld ;O Gramm. Larami*
Miss M Schaw. Oakkl 'C A Rlddell, Fresno
Mrs G Pommer. Oakld i J G Simpson. Mont
A Ziesier, Chicago \ D Pepper Jr. Phila
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat axd Barley dull and featureless.
Oats firm. Corn weak and dull. Rye neglected.
Hay and Feed stuffs as previously quoted.
Beaiis continue to rise under a good demand.
Potatoes and Onions firm. Vegetables strong and scarce.
Poultry steady, zcith small stocks. Game higher and in demand.
Eggs continue to advance. Butter steady and quiet.
Oranges doing better under a ThanksgiHng demand.
Choice Apples and Pears firm. Grapes selling high.
Dried Fruits neglected and featureless.
Proznsions in fair demand at previous prices.
IVool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meat market as before quoted.
Bank clearings shozv little change for the zveck.
300 Western Vnlon gi
800 Republic Iron & Steel "'" i«ix
CCO Republic Iron & Steel prefd....,...;! 64«!
P C C & St Loula \ B5
l\Mto Amalgamated Copper '.:.['. 971^
427,700 fihares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V .<? 2s ref when NYC lsts 109V
»sued reg ins XJC gen Es.......l27
1\> coupon ..103 N Pat-mc 3s 71
C S 3s re* lOflti Do 4s . 10m
Do 3s coupon. ...103U;n T C & St L 4s 107
I>o new 4s rep. . . . n7=>; | X & W con 4s,.." 9u«
Do new 4s coup.. 137** Or Xav lsts 109
Do old 4s reg. ...UZ\\ Do 4s 1Q4M
Do eld 4s coup...iii* t Or Short Line t£iZJ\L
r>o os reg: 113 Do con Es m\
rJ*? 6 . s^°, u ? m Readlns gen. is .... 83%
DiFt of Col 3.KS...I24U R O W lsts.... ICO
Atchison gen 4s....l0iai'St U & I m con os.ll'H
r>o aoj 4s ?6»i KtL&SF gen Cs.127
Canada So 2ds M% St Paul cons 175
Ches & O 4Hs 101% Bt P C & P lsts.. 115%
Do os 120 , Do 5s I2o2
Chi & N con 7s. ...140 8 Par-ifle 4s $Z^
Do S F deb 6s. ..119 IS Railway os ll->*4
Chicago Term 4s... 93 i Stand R & T 6s 7lVi
n S r * S ,51 Tex & Pac l«s.... 116-4
D & R O 4s 100 I Do 2ds S2
gri« fen 4s 744 U Pacific 4s lOOsj
V W & D C lsts... 75>s iWabash lsts U6W
Gen Electric S3....142U 1 Do 2<3s io«i
Jo^a Cent lsts 116 West thore 4s 114
tT , T - iB <0 » Va Centuries 82
Do 4s 94 j
MINING STOCKS.
Brunswick 11 Ontario 6 2S
Crown Point C».<Ophir . SO
Deadwood 5S Plymouth '.'.'.'..'. 10
Gould & Curry l oo Quicksilver 1 25
IiaJe & Norcrcss.. 22; Do prefd.. 7 00
Homeetake 65 00 Sierra Nevada 33
Iron Silver 7S. Standard 130
Mexican „ 21 Yellow Jacket 23
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Rubber '3^
Call loans 3^4 Union Pacific 71?i
Time loans 4g5!Union Land 3
Stocks— • iWest End 92>4
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 37H Weptinghse Elec... 52
Do prefd SS 1^ Bonds
American Sugar.. .132 'Atchison 4s 100>i
Do prefd 116 IN E Gas & C 5s.. 71
Bell Telephone 157^i ! Mlnin? Shares—
Itostou & Albany.. S47 ] ,r Adventure 6
Boston Elevated.. TlJSVAllouez !MIn Co.... 3
Boston & Maine... 191 lAmalg Copper 9kV»
Chi B & Q 136'i! Atlantic 27
Dominion Coal 41V Boston & Mont...»315
Do prefd 113ViiButte &; Boston... 9H»
Federal Steel 47 [Calumet & Hecla.S30
Do prefd 75 ' Centennial 17^4
Fitchburg prefd. ...1S« ! Franklin 15
Gen Electric 167% Humboldt 25
Do prefd 143 iGsceola 7SVi
Ed Elec 111 213 Parrot 50^
Mexican Central... 12'iQuincy Hi
Mich Telephone &3 Tamarack -J70
N E Gas & Coke.. 13 j Utah Mining 34<i
Old Colony 202 ; Winona Z\
Old Dominion 25"-i 1 Wolverines 45'i
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WOOL— Spring clip : is quotable as follows:
Northern. ' free, 15<?j ISc: Northern, : defectlre. 12
©14c;. Middle County, free, 14016c:- Middle
County, defective. lZ®14c; Soutnern Mountain.
IS months', 9©l0c; Southern Mountain.' fre«,'_7
months'. 11012c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9011c: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16©17e; Nevada. lS©16o per lb.
: Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6H#8c; do lambs', 8
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb; No.
2, 3Hc; grease. 2@2Uc > V .
HIDES AND SKINS— Cull* and brands sell
about 1c under quotation*. Heavy salted
Steers. 10c; medium, 9c; light. 8H@9c; Cow
hides, 8tte»c: Stags, 6tfc: Salted Kip. 9Hc;
Salted Veal. 9V»c; Saltetf Calf, 10c: Dry Hides.
16c; culls. 14c; Dry KJp.lec; Dry Calf., 16®17c;
culls and brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlln?*.
20230c each: short Wool. 30&5OC each; medium.
60®R5c; long Wool. 75c®$l each; Horse Hides,
¦alt, $2 50 for. large and $3 for medium, $1 50
for small and 60c for colts; Horse HJdes. dry.
$1 75 for large.' $1 SO for medium, $1 25 for small
and Jffi©50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 33c; winter or
thin sktna, • l7H5I2">c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and' Hops.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6<4c per lb for com
pound and »c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c;
10-lb tins." Hie: 6-lb tins. 9TiC.
COTTOLENE-One-half barrel. 8Kc; three
half-barrels. S'4c; cne tierce, 8Hc: two tierces,
8c ; five tierces, 7>ic per lb.- *•
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket. The demand Is nothlnz extra.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 104611c per lb for
heavy, Il«£@l2c for light medium. 12>4c for.
light. 13%c for extra light and 14%®15c for*
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, HHc;
Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Family. $13 50; extra Prime Pork. $16; extra
clear, J19 50; Mesa. $1S; Smoked Beef. 13c per
lb. -
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-SOs. 7c; 50-60«i, 5Uc; C0-70s. 3%c; 70-80e. J^c;
S0-9OS. 2»ic: 90-lOCs. 2>4c: 100s and over, zc; ru
bles, Y*c premium: Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qulns, >4c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6©
Sc for Royals and KXQllUc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5®6c: sun-dried. SV&ifzHHc;
Peaches 4Hf?5c for standard. 5®6c for choice
and 7«?7ttc for fancy: Pears, 23?7c; Plums,
pitted, 5@64c; unpltted. l®lHc: Nectarines, 5®
6Hc for red and 6tt#6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas—
Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice, 9tfe; standard, 8^c;
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxe«. 6V£c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c:
3-crown, 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 1
crown, fl 60 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. ?2; Dehesa. 12 60; Imperial, $3. AH
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points tn
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@7c per lb; Walnuts. No.
1 softshell. lie: No. 1. 8c: No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No. 2, .7Hc; Almonds. 12@13c for . papers he II,
9®llc for softshell: Peanuts. 666c for East
ern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
©13c; Coroanuts, $3 MWtJ. ; .
HONEY-Comb. 13H@14Hc for bright and 12H
•®13c for ltght amber; water white, extracted,
7\435c; light ember, extracted, 7®7%c; dark.
Cfffi^c per lb.
BEESWAX-2422SC per lb.
Provisions.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Italian Chestnuts, to arrive, are held at l&o
per lb.
Oranges are doing better, there being an im
proved demand for Thanksgiving. Lemons and
Llir.es show no change.
The few Grapes coming in bring high prices.
Choice Apples and Pears and flrm and un
changed.
A few Strawberries and Raspberries came In.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 35<^60c per box for common and
65c(R$l for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, 75c@
jl 25: Oregon Spttzenbergs, |1 25®1 50.
PEARS-j60c(f?Jl 25 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 73cS$l per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys, $10@10 50; Cap«
Cod. $11 50® 12 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 60S 2 75
per box.
STRAWBERRIES — Large berries, J4S6;
small, J7 l 910 per chest. -
RASPBERRIES— $5SS i>er chest.
GRAFES— 75c<?m per small box. $1 50£2 per
large box and $1 EOgi 75 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 MS3;
Sellings, $161 75; Tangerines, $1 25® 1 50:
Lemons 2Sc^$l 25 for common and $1 5002 75
for good to choice: Grape- Fruit. $1 5C@2 50:
Mexican Limes, J4S4 EO; California Limes. 25
©3oc; Bananas. $1 7502 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $2<g3 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGGS— Store, 27%@32Hc: ranch; 34335c for
fair and 36tf?33c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern. 22V4Q30c \ ......
Storage goods— 21C22c.
CHEESE— -New, llH©12c: Old. 10©llc: Young
America. 12ei2%c; Eastern. 13H©14c; Western.
ll©13c per lb.
Butter Is quiet. The advance has shut off
the outside orders. The market shows no
weakness, however.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23@24c; seconds,
22HC.
Dairy — Fancy, 21c; good to choice. 19320c;
common. 17Vi@lSV4c.
Creamery tub— 2O'g22^4c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19S 21c.
Firkin— ISSlSc.
. Another advance In Eggs Is noted, and some
dealers are quoting even higher than the top
figure. The demand Is not very lively, owing
to the high prices, but stocks are light.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. $1 50 for Valley and *2 ?3 for
Mountain: Mallard. $4@5 CO; Canvasback, J4t?
S: Sprig, J3@4 JO; Teal. $2 50®3; Widgeon. $1 75
«T2: Small Duck. $1 501J1 75: Gray Geese. J3i3
3 50; White Geese, $1 50; Brant. $1 75 for small
and $2 50 for large: English Snipe. $1 50; Jack
Snipe, $1 25: Hare, $1 50; Rabbits, $1 EO for cot
tontail and $1 23 for brush; Doves, 65®75c per
dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys,. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13(gl4c for Henr: Dressed Turkeys,
loiglSc; Geese, per pair, $1 75<SJ2; Goslings, Jl 75
02; Ducks, $221 for old and $4*35 for young;
Hens. ?3 5065; Young Roosters, $4 50®5 50; Old
Roosters, S4f?4 EO; Fryers. S3 Z01H; Broilers.
{3 50@4 for large and $3 2.V53 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $1 5C"81 75
for Squabs.
Receipts of Game were fair, being about 100
sacks, but the demand was lively and nl^her
prices were realized.
Poultry wap dull and largely njmin.il, as
usual on £a'i!rda; - .
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— River Reds. 70380c; Burba.nks,
30©73c for River and $l@l 17H per ctl for Sa
linas and 90c<3$l 10 for Oregon; Sweets, 50@7ic
for River and 90c®$l for Merced.
ONIONS— U 35<gl 40 per ctl for California and
$1 50 for Australian.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 3@Cc per lb.
String Beans, 4Q'9c; LJmas, 5@7c per lb; Cab
bage, 90c; Tomatoes, Jl(g2; Egg Plant, -i — per
box; Los Angeles do, per lb: Green Pep
pers, 35#Me per box; Dried Peppers, 9®Uc:
Carrots. 25<g33c per box; Summer Squash,
per box for Los Angeles; Cucumbers are about
out; Garlic, i'fi-jc per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
UO-g'12 per ton.
The situation remains unchanged. Potatoes
and Onions are firm. Two cars of Mercei
Sweets sold at the quotations. Peas and Beans
are in light supply and Tomatoes are bring
ing hith prices.
SKEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 25@2 40; Canary,
3Vic p-sr lb for California and 4c for Eastern-
Alfalfa. 7%S9Hc; Rape. 2»4g3c; Hemp, 4ff4V4c;
Timothy, 4(&4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, J2S2 E0; Green, $2 25®
2 7b per ctl; Blackeye. $2®2 50.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayoe, $2 65@2 75; Small White, U<2
$4 15; Larg? White. $333 25; Pink. $1 g522 15;
Red, $3(S3 25; Blackeye, $1; Lima, $5 25^5 35;
Pea, J45J4 25; R«d Kidney, $3 75@4.
The tendency in Beans "continues upward,
the demand being goca and receipts light.
Seeds show no chanze.
Beans and Seeds.
Everything under this head remains as be
fore. The demand for all descriptions Ij quiet.
BRAN— $14015 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 E0@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J15 6031S SO
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25626; job
bing, $26 SO; Cocoanut Cake, |17@18; Corn Meal.
$26^27; Cracked Corn, 126 5frg27 M; Mixed Feed,
J1C&16 50.
HAY— Volunteer. J5@3: Wheat. $11(513 50:
Wheat and Oat, $10@12 50; Oat, jsgil 50;
Clover, *5®7; Alfalfa. {6 50©S EO; Barley, $7tf
9 oer ton.
« STRAW— 35®45c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. W 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, (3 60; Oat Groats, |4 50: Horn-
Inv, $3 5(*83 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4©4 25:
Cracked Wheat. *3 60; Farina, H 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. {3 2S; Rolled Oats (barrels), |6@
7 25; in tacks. J5 7387: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $3 50 per ICO lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, *3 60©
3 75, usual terms; Bakers', Extras, (3 40Q3 50;
Oregon and Washington, 12 75413 10 per bbl for
family and 13 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern.
H 753? 5 75 per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Yellow. »1 15; White. $1 15; Eastern mixed, Jl 15
per ctl.
RYE— 3O@92*»e per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 7501 per ctL
The best buying was by local shorts, who. Im
pressed by the cables and a predicted decrease
in the visible, Monday, were disinclined to re
main fully unprotected over Sunday. December
opened "4c higher at 70*4 to 70Tjc and within a
few minutes touched 70"*c. From this point
the . market slowly reacted to TlVic and closed
flrm; %i& Me over yesterday at 71V»c.
Corn was a quiet and flrm market, but the
corner in the November deal failed to create
excitement. Mr. Phillips, who has cornered
the supply of November, took in a few lots on
a small decline early. Subsequently he seemed
inclined to n?st and observe what the market
would do without him. Small country offer-
Ings and wet weather West were factors in
stiffening deferred futures. • December closed
: l ic higher at 36%c. November closed Vsc up at
45c. The trade Jn oats was visible to the naked
eye, but that was about all. December closed
unchanged at 217-ic. • i
Provisions were flrm and active. The market
opened easy, but rallied sharply on the light
hog receipts and an advance in hog prices at
the yards. Tackers were actively buying pork.
Toward the end of the session the market in
cluded some profit-taking sales, but closed firm.
Pork closed I'.ic higher, ribs closed unchanged
and lard unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November •*•; i}n JJ., '}¦*
December "0% 71Vi 70% 71H
January...- — 71 * 7i % 71 % T1 **
NovImbeV 0 '..' «H «£ 43*; 45
December »% 3«^ %¦'? $«$
May 36% 36V4 36>4 36?J
.Nwembe? .?".....: 2154 =JH »%V |JH
MaT^".:::::::::: $ 3* S* i|
M^s :>nrk, per barrel—
1 Janua^T ""¦'¦¦'¦ ¦ « »«* " 12 20 n 92 '* 12 07 *
May ::::. u»o i-c^ n&o n»m
ll^EE^^ «K* 6 90 6 92*
J^nuSo- .:.:..":.. 6 90 6 92* 6 87* 6 9.)
Short ribs, per 100 pounds— ,
!JanuaS e f..'.':.'»i'»6's2H 6*40 b'to\i 6 35
jjay 6 35 6 40 6 35 6 *iV«
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull:
winter patents. $3 70^3 90; straights, J310®
3 SO- clears. J2 903" 40; spring specials, J4 w0;
patents (3 50Q3 90; straights, S333 45; bakers',
t-) "o®' 75- No. 3 spring wheat. C6H2T2c; No.
*"red "72@74e; No. 2 corn, 43@41V4c; No. 2 yel
low 4ifij~4Vc; No. 2 oats. 22Vsc; No. 2 white,
2«V4c; No 3 white. 24*i@O6c: No. 2 rye. 45c:
fair to choice malting barley, 57&62c; No. 1
fi.-\x«eed $1 67; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 63; prime
timothy' seed. $4 1534 25; mess pork, per barrel,
J10 S7V.I511- lard, per 100 pounds, $7 15S7 17Vi;
«hcrt"rlbs sides (loose). $6 75©7 75; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 5"4S<5Hc: short clear sides
(boxed), $6 SOigS 90; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 27; clover, contract grade, |10.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 12,000 9,000
Wheat, bushela 12S.0O0 601.000
Com, bushels 220,000 676.0W)
Oats, bushels 5,000 140,000
Itye, bushels 101,000
Barley, bushels 96.000 15,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
marfcrt was dull; creameries, 15®24Hc; dairies.
13020c. Cheese, active; lOffll'ic Eggs, quiet;
volume and largely local, although some small
buying orders were executed for Northwestern
interests. There wa« very little December on
the market, a fact which was taken as possibly
indicative of a cash demand, concealed some
where about the floor. New York, however, re
ported only fourteen loads taken for export.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 5.431 Flax Seed, iks... 930
Bran, sks I 5,000
Flour, qr sks Z.04S Pelts, bdls 150
Wheat, ctls 2.900 i Wool, bales 2S5
Barley, ctls 6,260 Sugar, ct!s 2.000
Eggs, doz 8.9-lOi Powder, cars 1
Butter, ctls 160, Tallow, ctls 10
Cheese, ctls 10, Oats, ctls 310
Wine, gals 55,600 Beans, sks 1.S61
Brandy, gals 2,500) Potatoes, sks 6.12«
Quicksilver, fisks . SO Hay, tons 242
Leather, rolls.... 141,'Onlons. sks 273
Hides, bdls 968! Wool, bales 2S5
FOR SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24.
Receipts of Produce.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska red, $1 20; medium do. $1 10; pink, S3e:
Columbia River. Chinook. $1 7t> for tails and
{1 S5 for flats: barreled Salmon. $10 for Alaska
barrels and $.". 50 for half-barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar ReHnlns Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-ib ba?s:
CruEhed, 6.15c;- Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.60c; Confec
tioners' A, 6-ttc; Magnolia A, 5.25c: Eitra C
8.15c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 60-lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.10c; boxes, 6.63c per lb.
RICE— China mixed. J4 K©4 30: No. 1. $4 70©
4 S3; extra. $o@5 50; Japanese. $4 5,',g5 30; Louis
iana. J4S7: Hawaiian. J4 73<g4 87'i per Ctl.
COAL— Wellington. |5 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. |J; Seattle. V. Bryant. f": Cocs
Bay. »S 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. 112 In bulk and 113 !S In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 114: Can
net. $12 per ton: Coke. J15 per ton in bulk and
518 In sack*; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
i$ 45 per 2000 lbs and fS 50 per ton. according to
brand.
BAGP— Pan Quentln Bars, $3 83: Calcutta
Grain Bass. June and July. 6%c: Wool Bags.
:S»iS32»ic: Fleece Twine. 7"ic; Fruit Bass. $H©
6*ic for white and S*i@S"4c for bleached jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hots, ESc for small and 5Nc for
medium and 5K65HC for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 505»4c; dressed Hogs. 7^©8Hc
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket.
BEEF— €@7c for Steers and 5©5*ic p«r lb for
Cows.
VEAXr-Large, 7*4©Sc: small. 8%©9c per lb.
MUTTON— "Wethers. 7%©Sc; Ewes. 7©7H<* Per
pound.
LAMB— 8#9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
©9c; Middle County. 9©10c; Northern Mountain,
free. 10©llc: Southern Mountain. "HC'Hc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 12S13C per lb.
HOP&-11H615C per lb.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL," -SUNDAY,-. -NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
THE STOCK-MARKET.
Weekly Bank Statement.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Nov. «24.— Wheat ' waa ; quiet and
firm. Liverpool closed unchanged In the face
of the »ic decline here yesterday and to this
fact the steadiness in' the local market' to-day
is chiefly attributable. . Moderate receipts ' and
wet weather were cohtributary factors of minor
importance. Trade wm distinctly moderate in
39
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
s
j Last
s.
t»
?•
! Season.
.. .12
J4.3>
u.ei
I 6.r3
> * .-->
6.21
E.70
4.98
I.ll
£.66
! «.S<6
j 7.5$
3.2S
. 1.22
S.M
€.C1
1.T9
| l.M
s
j Last
s.
t»
?•
! Season.
.. .12
J4.3>
u.ei
I 6.r3
> * .-->
6.21
E.70
4.98
I.ll
£.66
! «.S<6
j 7.5$
3.2S
. 1.22
S.M
€.C1
1.T9
| l.M
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
KJ*5^ Fur A!a«kai Port*— 11 a. m ..
tty'jraK Nov. "7. r>.?c. 2. Chansre ti
S^t*fS3 B T5i ccrr.rany's steamers at S»att>.
!¦& B&IV*^ For Vlctorta . Vancouver <;:.
IjRcJgJjVglq C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
B&^a^rSSyil Taeoma, Ev?ret:, Anacortf^,
/^^^SjafiSj an 1 New Whateom (Wash.i-
*Wyjl 11 a. m., Nov 27. Dec. S. and
every fifth day thereafter.
Changs at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattla or Ta-
eoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Nov.
24, 29. Dec. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles an>l Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a, m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. tn.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Lois Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huenerne, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m. ; fteaxaer
Itenita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Roaalla
and Guaymas (M«.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each, month.
Fcr further Information obtain company' 4
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hoars of Balllns
without previous notice. •¦ ¦..:•
TICKET OFFICE— 1 New Moatxomery
street (Palace HotelJ.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market »t., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
P> O RTL -A. 1ST ID
From 6p-!ar-street Wnart at 10 a. m.
CADC £12 First Class Including Berth
I Ant S3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov 24. Dec. 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov 23
Short Line to Walla 'Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwsst.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Cenerat Agent.
> S3O Market -t.
TOYO KISEN KAISHi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. rn..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kob« (Hlogo). Nasrasakl and Shanghai, antj
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday, December % 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 23, 1309
Via Honolulu.
S3. HONGKONG MARC
Thursday. January 24. l!>01
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First,
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
nw toss, southaxptos. Loasoa. piau.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 1J a. n.
Kensington. ...Nor. IS | Southwark Dec 13
St. Louis Dec. 5 ' St. Louis Dec M
New York Dee. 13
RED STAR LINE:
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 nooa.
Kensington.. ..Nov. 23 | Southwark Dec. »
Noordland Dec. 5 j Westernland...Dec M
Friesland Dec. 13 I
For freight an<i passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
AoAanlo C C Pa H * iVAir> 8AU0 *' "-*
oeeaniCYb.to. assssss
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday, December J, ! p. si.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ,
¦" Tuesday. December 4. 4 p. m_
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. N«w
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. Dec. 12. 9 p. m.
J.O.S?E£HELS4BB!)S.CO..JIgt!.,Tic!l8tOa8,643Iarfat«
f niflt G5JC8, 327 Maria! SL, Pier to. 7. PaiSc SL
C0MPAGM2 GEN-EHALS TRAN3ATLANTIQ-J2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j.^^
t-alllny every Thursday, Instead ot <2WTrB»
Saturday, from November 2. 1339. at <*«•*
10 a. m.. from Pier 43. North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre. &S and
upward. Peconc*-cla3» to Havre. $42 3* and ut>-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 33 Eroadway (Hudson
building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI &«CO.,
Pacific Coast Acents, 5 Montgomery avenue,
San Franclaco.
BAY . AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticella."
FIBST TRIP SATURDAY;
0:45 a. rot., also 3:15 and 8:30 p. rn.,
November 24.-
AUCTION SALES
fe -fes fe
GRAND AUCTION SALE
—OF—
THOROUGHBRED
YEARLINGS
From the SONOMA STOCK FARiT. JAACE3
BL CHASE, Prop.
And from the XAPA STOCK FARM. JL B.
SPRECKELS. Prop.
TUESDAY EVENING, NOV. &T,
Commencing; at 7:43.
OCCIDENTAL HOfiSE EXCHANGE,
T-l-723 HOWARD STREET.
Wil. G. LATNO. Proprietor.
These yearlings a?e exceedingly well-bre<l,
and are related to many renowned racehorses.
They are now at the salesyard. Catalogues
ready.The following Is from the, Araa.i2or
County Democrat: -¦>¦-"'
keeping with this find; the hill has alway*
been more or less eccentric In the manner
in which it would provide bonjLaza
pockets.
There Is considerable activity reported
in Inyo County raining properties. Sen*
ator Clark of Montana has bought tha
Silver Peak mine, the price being $600,000.
The Montezuma mine has been sold to
Chicago parties after several years of
idleness, for $25,000. A contract has been
let for ten additional stamps at the Re
ward mine.
Notes from Calaveras County are that
work has been resumed at the North Star
srravel mine in Happy Valley; that th«
Gwln mine is operating with water power
and a full complement of eighty stamps j
and that eighty men are at work on the 1
Hexter mine at the head of Jackass
Gulch.
Late reports from Searchlight. Nev., indi
cate a great deal of work being done In that
camp, the ore bodies maintaining good values
with depth. On the Copper King, one of the
group of claims Belonging to the Quartette
Company,- a Boston corporation, the vein,
which was from three, to .four feet wide on the
turface. has increased to twenty-four feet in I
width at a depth ot 300 feet, the ore running I
from $25 to $35 per ton. . '
The Keystone Mining Company is develop- I
lng'the Chittenden group of claims by tunnel. ]
which is now in 300 feet, and which tapped the i
lead at a depth of 143 feet. C. B. Chittenden of
New York and some Pennsylvania men are tho ]
owners of the property. Other properties In (
this district that are being developed with suc
cess are the Buena Vista, the New Era claims,
the Maxine and the Princess group. As In
most mining camps, water has been scarce and
a company has been organized to bring water
from the timber mountain range, ten 'miles
distant from the camp. !
Colorado papers report a strike In a
Cripple Creek mine of an Inch streak of
almost solid gold in the vein In the second
level, the values running $8000 a ton. The
streak runs throtigh the, vein for a dis
tance of twelve feet, ¦when the values are
again scattered through the mass of rock,
lowering the bonanza character of the
shoot. The rich core is an exception and
no one counts on its being anything more
than It shows to be. It. however. Indi
cates a high degree of mineralization
which presages well for other portions of
the shoot. The history of Beacon Hill,
where this property is located, is quite In
ajos have succeeded in thwarting their ef
forts. -Enough, however, has been learned
to prove that the land Is desirable from a
mineral point of view..
The Los Angeles Times has the follow
ing concerning the comparatively new
Searchlight district in Nevada:
existence of the association and its works, but
fortunately the number of thesa is becoming
beautifully less year by year as more of the
Silurians begin to shed their old skins and
awake to a sight of their interests. The Im
portance of ¦ the work of a body representing
the growing mining Interests of this State can
hardly be overestimated, particularly when, as
now. Its principal work concerns needed legis
lation. Along this line the miners have^ many
needs, muclr to ask for and much to expect.
The Southwest Miners' Association has
installed a free labor exchange and has
plans for a large exhibition, including
specimens of oil from different districts.
.Miners in Tuolumne and neighboring
counties " have been disturbed over the
appearance of "scrlppers" in the gold
mining regions. A postponed hearing will
take place in Stockton on Tuesday, the
27th lnst. A delegation from Tuolumne.
headed by George Stayton. who haa
charge of the Willletta mine, near Jack
sonville, Tuolumne County/visited Stock
ton-on the 14th lnst. The Stockton Inde
pendent makes the following statement of
the controversy: ,¦¦ ¦¦ . -Vi
The "delegation of Tuolumne County miners
are prepared. to fight the application of repre
sentatives of the Republican mine, who . are
said to be trying to secure title to necessary
forking ground by the use of scrip. The miners
say they have no complaint to make against the
Republican mine management, but they must
protest against the introduction of scrip to dis
turb miningr .titles, and when scrlppers appear
In any case they will be fought. The Repub
lican mine le located on the mother lode, near
Jacksonville, and Is believed to be a good one.
Tho mine . has been ¦ thoroughly developed and
gives promise. of being a good property. The
mill is located some distance from the shaft
and it is claimed that it became necessary to
obtain title to ground between the shaft and the
mill for the proper working of the mine. Satis
factory terms could not be made for the de
sired ground, hence application was made for.
the filing of scrip on certain described tracts
and the matter is before the local land offices.,
Miners. tell of instances where scrip haa been
used to get possession of : valuable mining
ground and Improvements to the 'great damage
of.' mine owners who have held and operated
their properties for many years. To put a etop
to such t work is the object of the combination
for defense among; the mining men.
The litigation concerning the. Yellow
Aster mine has reached a hearing In the
¦United States Circuit ¦ Court at Los An
geles before Judge Ross. In the original
suit the Yellow Aster Company filed a
complaint. to quiet title to one-half of the
mine. The defendants are E. B. Stan ton,
B. J. Baldwin, R. D. Brodek, R. H. Uoyd,
W. S. Wood, W. R. Maschmeyer, J. H.
Maschmeyer, Frank McShane, A. S. Eck
land and others. The matter came upon
demurrer to the cn>6s bill. The defendants*
claim that when F. M. Mooers, C. .A
'Burcham • and John Singleton : first ob
tained possession of the mine, which aft
terward v proved a '- bonanza, Burcham
agreed to sell one-half to Stanton, who al
leges that he paid $100 on the contract and
expended much meney in ; opening and
developing the property. According to the
defendants,'. It was only through the ¦ ex
penditure by Stanton that tho true value
of the mine was discovered, and then the
original owner refused to consider that
Stanton was a ; part owner In the mine.
Tho - defendants ~ ask ', for • one-half the
profits since the mine was opened. .
Again a gold excitement Is occurring
on ; the ; Navajo reservation, occupying a
large area In Northwest New Mexico and
iNortheast -Arizona. ' The .' Unlcha or
Cariesa Mountains are in the-heart of this
! region. >: From them flow, certain tributa
ries of the San Juan and, Little Colorado
'rivers,' which have been known fora score
of years to be auriferous. I Numerous pros
pecting ; parties have from time : to time
.endeavored .to s reach the , high ¦¦¦ mountains
at their heads, but until recently ih© Nay-
rults, where individual and scattered effort
would perhaps be impotent'. . < '
W. G. Scott, superintendent of the Mount
Shasta Gold Mines. Limited, writes In the
following vigorous fashion: ¦ .
in reference to the formation of the Northern
California Miners' Asscciatlon, I assure you
I am heartily In favor of the project. North
ern California has no business tagging along 1
at the tall end of the procession. It should be
up at the front, next ¦ the band. "The I>ord
helps those who help themselves." It there
fore behooves all those Interested in the min
ing Industry in Shasta. Trinity and Slskiyou
counties to get a move on— and an energetic
move, too. ¦
These communications were addressed
to Mineral Wealth, published at Redding,
Shasta County, in response to queries.
The association was not formed before
the assembling of the California Miners'
Convention, but will probably soon be In
shape. The Southwest Miners' Associa
tion and the Petroleum Miners' ¦ Associa
tion Indicated tholr appreciation of the
value of concerted action by sending dele
gates to the convention.
Concerning the- utility ¦¦ of. State organi
zation, <the southern part of the State is
represented by the Los Angreles Herald
as entertaining views as follows:
' There are some mining men who deprecate the
The earnest ¦words of "W. C. RaJston,
used In his last annual address as presi
dent of the California Miners* Association,
concerning the necessity of the better or
ganization and more vigorous action of
miners in their own behalf, have met with
general approval. The trend of sentiment
may be Inferred from several letters
written by prominent mining men In
Northern California. H. Z. Osborne, pres
ident of the Union Consolidated uoid
Mines Company, which recently acquired
the Lawrence mine on. Union Creek, Trin
ity County, indorses the idea of institut
ing a Northern California Miners' Associ
ation. He writes: '. J:.
The rood-it will do consists In the facility
such an organization affords for the expression
of the wish of the miners of the section In
matters affecting: their several Interests, North
ern California would be greatly benefited by
more attention from the State and national
governments In the way of geological surveys,
especial reports of geologists and mining; en-
Klneers and In ¦ other legitimate w&ys. The
importance of Its mineral resources, developed
and undeveloped, amply Justifies such atten
tion. An organization on broad lines, such as
Is contemplated, can accomplish important re-
Another increase in the net stocks in
tanks by the various pipe lines in the
Pennsylvania and Buckeye oil fields was
recorded during October. Shipments of
Pennsylvania oil took a drop of 4000 bar
rels a day, while nearly 6000 barrels a day
increase was made in the runs. The
Buckeye- shipments .were the heaviest of
the present yeax. The runs were In excess,
of those for September. J
In October the extwrt* of mineral' oils frorl
the TTnlted State* were as follows: Crude. 11.
012,295 gallons; naphtha*, 1.534,904 gallons: Illu
minating. 71.2S7.2S! gallons ; lubricating and par
affin, 6.131.019 gallons; residuum, 3,274,220 gal
lon*; total, 93.1S3.S30 gallons Against ¦ S6.562.SI0
pailens la*t year, an increase of G.627.OI0 ,?nl
lony. In the ten month* endlnsr •October 31 the
#-xp«rts amounted to S21.410.WB gallons, against
SOI. 134.616 gallon*, an Increase of 20,(C6.317 gal
lon?, cr t.4 per cent In 1300.
The San Benito Advance reports that T.
L. Baldwin haa leaped 640 acres to the Pio
neer Oil Company, the property being. »ix
miles south of HolllBter on the Palmtag
road.
In th« Coalinga field the Home Oil Com
pany's new 33.0&0 barrel tank Is completed
and oil Is now being run Into It. The
company Is putting up -a derrick for its
No. 8 -well now and is still drilling on
wells No. 6 and 7.
I The land northwest of Los Angeles Is
described by the local papers as a "new
Kl Dorado." Nevertheless it is reported on
the same authority that "there are few T
.successful companies, but that is owing
to the fact that operations liave not been
confined to any one section, but have
been scattered from one end of the field
to the other. Although scattered, in al
most every well oil hag been found, but,
unfortunately in many, water- also."
Something like a score of oil companies
are prospecting in the new field.
The International Oil Company, which
drilled two dry holes at Its location In the
Coyote hills beyond East Whittler, han
eold out its personal property to the Safe
Oil Company of Newhall. The rig has
been shipped to Newhall.
About a month ago A. On», the oil expert.
was called over to the ground of. the 'VVatson
ville Oil Company for the purpose of locating a
well. The company has expended about $45,000
in development work and all the company has
to show for It are some rigs and 'a few wells
with about Ore barrels apiece In them. After
a. thoroush examination cf the country Mr.
,Onu located a cite for the company and has
guaranteed a 50-barrel well.
The Sau Lucas Weekly Herald says:
The San Diego Union reports that the
steamer St. Denis will take down the ma
chinery for drilling an oil well at Cape
Colnett. Lower California.
The report that the Santa Fe haa de
cided to curtail work in the Fullerton field
is denied. The company will, so the re
port goes, have ten strings of tools at
work as soon as possible.
The Marin-Journal reports two leases of
lands at Bolinas to oil prospectors. One
2s held by the Bolinas Bay Oil Company
and the other by S. Sherman of Salt Lake.
Contention will eventually be chronicled as
one of the greatest ever started In the West.
There are many companies which report
readiness to begin operations. Aniong
these are the Paraffin* Oil Company in the
Purisslma Canyon in San Mateo County;
the Midway of Oregon, in the Kern River
lield: the Victoria Company at Encinttas;
the Xueva Coal and Oil Company near
Rincon, in Orange County.
• The output of the Kern River field Is in
creasing at a rapid rate, as shown by the
railroad shipments. When the branch
into the territory was first put into opera
tion the daily shipments amounted to
a.bout twenty carloads, which Included an.
excess resulting from the wait for the rail
road. Now the number of carloads turned
off each day is between forty-five and
fiftv. The train is cut into two sections.
The American Mines Development Com
pany of Minneapolis, Minn., is about to
enter the Newhall white oil field. Tho
company has three complete boring out
fits on the way.
MINING NEWS OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
January 1, 13C1. is the elate fixed for the
a.ctu&i beginning of business at Bakeis
fteld by the Oil Producers' Asfociation.
The purpofe of the association. a_s has
been previously published, is to handle
the petroleum ovitput of Kern County and
to regelate prices. The Kern Cour.ty pa
pers are confident that practically all the
petroleum product cf the county will, by
January next, be uud^r the control of the
r.Fsociation, and that .he association wii!
handle the great balk of the oil. The
question of tar.kage iias been considered
en obftacle. but, according to the Bakers*
2:c!d California:}, "th's has been done away
%vith virtually by individual companies,
which have erected .-tor: ge reservons
with a capacity. a!i told, of more tlia-a
200.000 barrels. Whatever else is needed
the association can attend to."
The placing of a tirne for the association
to operate may soon result in more fully
developing the plan? of the Standard Oil
Company in Kern County, which aiv
Fcmewhat of a mystery. Of course, if
the Oil Producers' Association takes anci
pells all the product of the county, there
will be little use for the storage tajiks of
the Standard OH in that vicinity, unless
:he Standard people become nrouueers on
a "ajge scale. Competition is no new
thing to the Standard Oil Company. The
tltuatJon Is at once interesting and unique.
The capacity of the Kern County oil fieids
is. difficult of accurate estimation. The
product will soon be much larger. A cor
respondent, writing a 'lively account from
Bakersfic-1<} of the- conditions existing.
makes the statement that development
work is going on in the fields faster than
erer before, now that cooler weather per
mits of teaming.
"All who are inter^Pted." writes the
oorrespondent. "are confident that the
market is a sponge thai will absorb a!:
the oil they can pour upon it. In con
versation with soraf of the principal oper
ators, among them C. P. Oanfield. I lind
that the capacity of tlie river lield Is im
mense, considerably greater* than is gen
erally supposed. There is or,» firm here
that claims that it can deliver 6503 barrels
of oil a. day. if need hf."
Some account of the crowded condition
at BakersfieM was rrabUsb«d two weeks
«go in thin pap^r. The « - rirresn.-iTirlfnt v.ho
js quoted in the foregrunt: tells of an en
terprislnjr man from Arizona who Is '-rtin
niiiK" a dozen larjre tent? for lodpr^rs and
is ooJninB money with a dining tent. He
Rets fifty cents per nipht for a <ot in a
tent. "A railroad man arrived here with
liis wife yesterday morning and failed to
lind a place in which to stay. They were
in no wise daunted and I found them this
rnorninp putting up a tent on Chester
avenue." BakerrfieM is the' liveliest oil
town in the State now.
The Los Aneeles Herald p!v»s the fol-
JowIrs account of the legal situation in
J,os Anpeles as it refers to the placer lo
catan of oil land and also to the "scrip-
I>eis";
Th* ecrip rofn do not teem in the lfast
over the probable lir..-.inc of the" Grand
Jury, although It may n)«>an j!i < 1iotm«?nt for
feme of thtrn. The oil men are taking things*
«rs'.1v arA aif poltig aJi»a4 very much as
though thf-y cr.nt<t<1er«>d Ju<1pe Roys' roopnt <ie
< isicn final. Both fidfs. how»v«r, realize that
th* matter will b» fought to the l>ltter *nd.
un<3 at prfFrnt it is a fipht hardly begun. Act
ing on th»> f!m count the attorneys for the
K-rlppers are prpparirg- a general hr1*f In re
jly to the mineral locators' argrumente. and
* specially exhaustively renewing the last ad
ven-e de<-l*ion handed them by Jud^e Ross.
Thl« brief ivt'l W placed before Binder Her
mann. Commissioner of the General I^and Of
fce at Wafhinsrton. An appeal is also being
taken from Judge Roes' decision to the Clr
colt Court of ArP^als. and whichever way It
pne» there it will rx appealed to the United
ftates Supreme Covirt, as both parties to the
fijrht win rusb it to the last resort. In 'the
meantimf the Land Department may act. If
the. department u^eifion If considered a viola
tion of law it ran l>e talcn before a State
«-ourt. and in thi» case would probably be taken
before the Superior Court here or the. one court
Rt Bakerpfield. In the latter court the scrip
p«ri' case has already been thrown out of
rourt once by Judge Mahon.
Upon questions of fa*-t the rulings of the
iepartment are final, but upon questions of
law th* courts may decide. In any case before
£eparta:ent cr courts are through with it this
Kern County Operators Confident
That They Will Be Able to
Control Product and Fix
Prices.
Actual Operations Will Be
gin on First of the
Coming Year.
OIL PRODUCERS'
ASSOCIATION IS
READY FOR WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900
A new corporation Las b«en fprrneJ under tha
title of the Moon Mining Company, compoatd o!
residents of Valley Springs, In Cal&veraa Coun
ty, to mine an old channel located northeast o£
Jackson about one and a half miles. The chan
nel is said to be one hundred feet dee?, and to
prospect well from the surface. Tha gu!che>
In the neighborhood paid well, but thU chan
nel, which Is eighty feet wide, has never been
worked. Elton Baily came over to Sutter Creels
Tuesday from Placervllle. and returned th«
following day with a party of eight miners.
who are- under engagement to work at th« B!u«
Gouge mine, east of Placerville, on which work
Is betnc resumed*
H. J. Mattern of Los Aneeles has a new
teaching process for copper ore that he claims
will handle a ton of copper ore for one dollar
and deliver the product 97 per cent pur* > H »
has been making tests from tha Do* Cabexas
mine, near Wllcox, Ariz.
40
You never will get a curtain that
looks fresher, sweeter or more home-
like than the new Flounced Curtains.
And there is such a great variety of
pattern. Swiss lace edge, insertion,-
plain and a dozen other styles. Full
3 yards long. As low as 1 1.25 pair.
Something that suggests warmth and'
brightness in rugs this wintry weath-
er. An all Wool. Oriental pattern,
Smyrna Rug. Alike on both sides,
any color you ? d like. 30 by 6o inches,
long fringed mds $1.25
Fit* Delivery in Oakland, Atameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
(Incorporated)
233 Z3&-237 Post St. Open Eventns*
You can't have so many
rockers but this one will
be welcome in your home
Large enough & strong
enough for every day, any
room — living room, bed-
room, sewing room, and
for the tired mother and
baby. Made of oak with
Cane scat 75 Cents
/
"THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stories High
Hale's. | Hale's. ______ T J_ _ gale's. , ) T ' ..^}f!JL~~~~~~^ — "~
Here— Santa Glaus in his ice palace— Hale's
Santa Claus is here and cordially Invites you to visit him in his ice palace between the hours of .10 f"^ 2 ®"^ * *" d 3 -
he has some very interesting and charming people ; with him who will also be glad to make your acquaintance.
l ji l- r .mAm^Woe silverware art needlework department
handkerchiefs embroideries toys and dolls \ * a s " vel r a . l l tnfflce . second floor-take efcv aO r •
first floor-second aisle. first floor-second aisle. . , . third floor-take elevator. , ". ««t floor-ngn tot emra it's worth a visit, this art needlework
you can't be disappointed in th« we particularize for this week one es- this department is at the zenith of its glory— stocks complete In/ , ' 'the stock .is iresn, new iuu * dartment on the second floor tor the
beamy goodness of the new ar- pecially attractive lot of embroideries, every' detail— toys, dolls and games in bewildering profusion, pric^ P'ete. the low P" c ".? x ~ t f romt he collection of pretty things at low prices
rivals that have come to fill the gaps it came into our possession for less than 3re as ]ow as b j R quantity buying direct from the makers can make ot . ver y lar S e bu > inR dirCCt • . is unexcelled, exclusive, many of them
made by your appreciation of the un- actual cost of importation, we pass it on them . ./ * makers. . teasooohs too.
usually suong values we've been offer- toy pianos with white enameled wood cases, trimmed with sold- J&£ £ n-s^foi ' riTbnly mantel and piano lambrequins-made
pSSfiS! SSi^vPiTr PS^i^SSffifflSjg M ipches lon ? each.. „.:,... ......... ,.. ; ...O8c ,^"" ¦'¦^¦¦^¦^
-often much lower-than the market, a great variety of patterns, that range mansion of happ.ness"-a splendid game for boys or ffirls-size four-piece satin finish triple plate, pretty p _^_ lone-^ch
one hint : along the. line from neat dainty designs xjBxii inches-each 49c teasets-hand engraved— each . v»*'5g tea r"°ESo ?1.25 75c a 4d 55c
ladies' pure linen handkerchiefs with up to, wide open work effects, if we kia body dolls with riveted hips, jointed knees, moving eyes, satin finish silver plated butter disnes .. ... ... . u ' t in g ve b ;...
borders composed of one hemstitched- had paid regular wholesale rates for Cl , r , hair and shoes and stock i ncs _ l8 -hand engraved-each.........^-^ ™ *£_*¦ violets. pansieV ' ro-ea
tuck-edged with point de Paris lace- them they would have been priced up to ; . fc long _ each , only. ....... .J?1.21» Rogers 1847 sal »n^finish twehe penny- |^ s P°?J ms ' in na tura! colort-p r ° "
also handkerchiefs with lace ed C es or yard but -^n^nd > ou ma, ,^ '^c^d0>i%i epau- ||| WClght tM<i knivcs ~ set of . «fj^B "the usual 50c goods-only.. !^15c
plain hemstitched. borders— cnoicc.loc pick where >ou please, lor y sSSjh lets, knapsack and gun— just the thirg V^ •
, / V; 0f nn . for the bey — only.....: 49c 6\ « o/»As nf Qmn/I WflPeS '
0 gOOd glOVe for $1 00 » /V^A doll . trunks-saratoga style-made Ct^MU^ S0/e ° T S™™ ..,
fir«t floor-second aisle. . ' ¦ with inside tray, side handles, castors "i&Mz&ft first floor— second aisle. # ¦
with some a dollar glove is simply a pair of gloves for a dollar, with us H l J and lock and key-16 inches long-each' QWJ just six items-but we're willing to have 1^ \°7. them -
it means the best glove that capital and manufacturing skill can produce tor the U. 'T J7 • ¦•• •:<••': - 8 ' c ' ¦ /H^Jp the qualities are thoroughly" good— better than *"«* pncesnsuaiiy du>.
price— ihc H B they are made of prime lambskin, the color assortment in- qUkJr drums, with soldiers painted on sides y/^s3~t§L perfection hairpin cabinets— each Uark s V. n. J-. lour-piy Oarnicg
eludes all the latest shades of tan. gray, mode, brown, red. blue, green, pur- /I —bound with wood— 8. inch size— each cabinet contains 100 wire hairpins and cotton— price per dozen spools, horns
pic— kWt I>Utck. white and nearl. a reasonable guarantee goes with every pair. fcJ V^ .....;;;........... 2f>c ISO metal pins— only 7c. 42 yards ieach-^only .......... ....-we
v.-e aho give vou the world's best makes of higher cost -gloves in great assort- m % boxing gloves— strongly made— price, - // \\ Dexter's knitting cotton— in white. horn bones — » or o. men ien«tb—
mrnt to chooc C from, these, for instance: . .• , . " W -.'» . per set of four 91.75 and ?2.OO W black, cardinal, blue and brown— per heavy and well finished goods-^r
Hole's French pinue kid cloves— French pique suede gloves, in the new «* • ; dolls' enameled go-carts with uphol- ¥ ball ••• 5c dozen • t>c
of tan mode brown, red. green, pastel shades of mode and gray— a very stered seats, parasol tops and, steel Crowley's gold-eyed needles— all sizes Kings basting cotton —200-vurd
blue, mastique— also'black— only.91.5O dressy glove, per pair 9I.0O wheels— each 91.95 —per paper 3c spools— per dozen -*Oc
' our holiday catalogue will be '' St/Hsh .milliner/ Safe of \pOrtiereB .. China and lamps .. brilliant, sparkling cut tfasa;
sent to out-of-town patrons second floor— take elevator. second floor— take elevator. third floor— take elevator. beautiful figures in marble—
upon request.' here's another friendship winning offering of trim- the manufacturer of these goods fan perfect stocks of everything that is new and good art room, third Iloor.
J I rned and untrimmed hats away below their worth — at . short of money — had portieres galore and lowest pricing always. PI -V •
rtll'nn ?/>#» hririo January prices in November. to trade for it. we exchanged on the to-day's story is short — but , l-» \ itSWelrV
alligator OUgS Indies' trimmed hats— iust forty basis of seventy-five cents cash for • a it's a strong one. <^^Y *
first lioor— third- aisle. /~V^^ oi them and no two alike— quite dollar's worth f of merchandise, that's f ancy c hi na cups 'and sau- S*" "^S. first floor— right of entrance.
to-morrow following a bit of good A '/ Aw • elegant things, patterned after the story— here s the sequel: cers— artistically decorated /^^5^^S little luxuries priced as low «s If they
fortune that saved us about one-third J$L^\ hi S. h cost in^ port . e t mo ( ?f I fT^l e 7 two" hundred pairs tapestry portieres and trimmed with gold— price /W^aS^ft were necessities. ,.„
of the regular manufacturers 1 rates, we &J8lf\5^\ \ whit as good and beautiful as hats : strictly up-to-date patterns and coU for cup and saucer... ...19c ladies 14-karat Rold-filled hunting
start the selling of a large lot of genuine j^V^ggk * hat "gularly sell at $800 to"! rs . . full % iz^ fullwidth. made with ah ' Qi pP ui P e T ?? z } boni ? vas^~ ca *t watchcs « mth corona aOrt SarZ
alligator club bags at prices that will CaV^^^S; 0 -°°-y our choice ;?5 * 00 . ' armure weave that gives a - very rich. inches high-each. . ; 69c s^Q^ ™ ch 'r"]y. rv;;';-'^' •**
make many new friends for the leather m\V**^2*i ,,. , j •. LJ heavy appearance— heavy knotted fringe fancy china cracker lars— _ S^ti gold locket set with 1 an extra
goods department, these bags have ladies' ready-to-wear stitched. overt h r o WS ............. 93.OO each • .....44c D2r^±\ fine and brilliant California dianond--
genuine horned alligator centers and all C.^t«00 cloth hats ~ two new shapes, in , . " fancy olive dishes in as- /S»#@wSw each *—OO
are leather lined and brass trimmed, f- solid red and a pretty combina- drummers samples of- all sorts sorted colors — prettily deco- '^ajS^vSS*/ fancy waistpins — warranted lnde-
here are the prices 10 inch size, worth <f \i^5*r tion of blue and gold — iust the and kinds of tapestry, the pieces are rated — each .......12c structible — per dozen 15c
$^.00 each, now .S«..'{5>— 12 inch', worth colors for the thanksgiving foot- about 24 inches square — just the proper lamps with center 'draught <S^^7&il^K opera-glasses — good strong lenses —
Siweacli' nowS-'J.-l 14 inch worth tl^r? ball game — worth $ioO each— our size for cushion tops and chair cover- burners and., ten-inch deco- P«ce, complete with plash case, only
«Too each now' ."l?«.S4 '^^^ s price, only..., S9c ings— each lioc, 30c and 35c rated shades— each. ..92.95 <® 91.5O
V 1 : , . . ., ' -^— : : : ¦ ; !•
Thanksglvinjl week— sales advertised to-day possess such strikingly intrinsic values that more than a week's selling should be condensed into 5 days, still time to procure your Thanksgiving linens I
veilings r^ a third to a half of what you expected to pay for a new suit or Jacket lace hosiery
r, rs , ,,00^00^ auk.' ma y be kept in your pocket. , $fe> ladics - %X^ h &U&,
• plain and fancy tuxedo net veilings in "*>&i .1 / . xj.il '«.. '¦§¦ j ' I j. * \L^ ace designs — made with double heels
black white brown, navy blue and tan yjjk another ht Of Stylish jaunty Winter jackets v£& and toes and dyed by the famous Ger-
-worth all the way from He to 23c a A SUltS at halt ' price. $2.95— instead Of $5.00. f^i\ /? an d Il T '- L ° mS . Hermsdorff-sizes
, 1 • * f 1 o,, 1 r m t I ' / " *° I0 — P rice » P er box of six pairs
yard — your cnoice * ¦*--- «- 11 •< a week ago we announced that we had secured they are handsome, new — they came to us from \ " 1 91«OO — single
silk novelty veilings, both dotted and I lV//jUi several important Iqjs of ladies' suits to sell at half- one of New York's leading tailors to the trade — JM A\ pair 35c c— « fj^jl fl
plain — new \\nT price, your response was prompt and enthusiastic, . ours at a" price, the material is all wool covert and *\jL^// ' ladies' black IS] y\j2 ! !
J>\ London mesh /\\ r and about half of them have been sold, the bal- they are made in the popular double breasted storm \ I A fleece lined cot- V»J J^V jf
Jp&r}^ veilings with / >§< ance. together with some new lots that arrived the front style with high flare collars — worth iust \v ton hose, with f~
¦ <:=^^^^/ chenille dots — " JT latter part of the week, will be on sale again to-. -$500 each, if you are looking for a serviceable. *v pearl ribbed idPsS^Tl
'^t^^^?^v ' }lue chiffon If morrow, and as long as they last, the variety 'stylish jacket at an easy price don't delay, you're \R tops— full seam- J$&ig\\
y^^lillll^ veilings with Jn \ ' will be as satisfying and the values as great as on not likely to get so much value again for... 9--05 I \^ l CS s and elastic &~^X$$&)
/¦'/ySff0^^^^t^'i white or black /\ \ \ the first day of the «.?Je. the suits are made in the / v\ — heavy, warm |S l/J
' //*!!&!$%& %r^ ' ts — and // \ \ latest fashions, from homespuns, cheviots, Venetian* golf capss of heavy all-wool plaid back cloth in / t\ \ and soft finish — 0/\
i'l/$f&m*Wy^- white tuxedo A I \ V iwA fancy mixtures— in black, oxford gray and stvl- blue, brown and gray combinations— made with cir- / I \ sizes 8 r A to 10— I
wS]^y r . '<¦ net veilings // 1 1 \ \ ish shades of : blue, tar and castor, the styles, in- cular flounce, tailor stitched hood and storm col- / // Vs. regular price e=z==* = s*~-2aI>1 \
nSTTl? —^*rf^&y with velvet yS / 1 I \ Vs. elude blouse,!, fly front, eton and box front jackets. lar — only 95.OO / // \/\ 25c a pair — now **SQ^sfy ~Ljy<
sj&Zk/ dots, in all / / I I V^ with the new- inverted plaited back flare skirt?, f If \ per ,,l?ox of *AiKaO^^V<^.
sizes, either \_^A^f V~\ /~*-' most °^ i ac^' ets are s 'lk lined and some of them rainy day skirts of all-wool shower-proof cheviot ' —^^^x*-*^ twelve^ pai's If ""fT^
VJPv^ style, per vard * have satin faced revers. j Prices are 9«>iOO, ' — made with a deep tailor stitched circular flounce — *^~*~^ 92»25 — sin- iwiH^^ 1^
25e • 9G.T5, 97.50,. 91O.OO and' 912.50. / and patch pocket— only 9G.OO gle pair. ..20c £/ »
we sell spectacles and eye-gla?ses and have a skilled optician to fit > *"M" r^^ this department makes a feature of hairdressing, shampooing and face
them to the eye. glasses too strong or too weak are headache makers, re- JfflSj Jfa^fy /** ¦" .^ijj^T^*^^^ steaming, we make "a specialty of switches, toupees and wigs to order—
tard recovery and oftentimes impair the tight— we fit them riuht. pre- SS^rJ^^^M^mui 1 TT ¦¦ 1 mmm***^^*'' usinq only first quality guaranteed French and German hair and employ-
scriptions filled accurately. , Market street, near Sixth, opposite Colden Cata avenue. »ng the most skillful artists. •
Hale's.
Hale's.
¦ Iv^sr anc * Untrimmed Hat in the store at exactly half the -^Tifp^
|^i regular price— half of what- the- same goods have been ' Vyfr^
I p|?^ v selling for until to-day. . . )JI§^
\ <^0* i Z%i%%Z?7* T ~ e °P ene d just one month ajjo — 't^^lSsS
H tO ° 1ate -*° r the best oi the season's .^^IsSl^l
1 X we're bound to lose, so we 4l>8§lltliiilllP
: I WjMMa^W^Y • ; ' 8ire $ oin « ' to do it- now. A^^^^^^^^^^
1 1 WwJm9 : jg< to 8torc > n fo choose from <5W^&^11I
• ! *WWw/^J^M%& M ~~ comc expecting excep- \fv*^^^J^ f>T^
: K^My^^y^-^^^-^ tior.aj bargains — brine c-^¥^^^^^?
• U§J£Wy0^C^<y halves instead of dollars; i r^S£?Wijlpl
| lyy^ -Millmeiy <s.<*n Market Stf=%&}
H Is different from any other toilet preparation. |j
£1 It is not a simple beautifier. It is neither • ||
|§ paint, powder nor bleach. It is a medicinal |^
¦ . A full explanation, instructions and a sample, of the |S
fa cream will be mailed to any address wpon receipt of a 2c £~i
Eg stamp. Anita Cream & Toilet Co., 207 Frank'in street, |1