Rumor of His Resignation Comes Simultane
ously "With the Induction of Eugene
Philbin Into the Office of District Attorney.
CHIEF OF POLICE DEVERY OF NEW
YORK RETIRES UNDER THE FIRE
OF THE ANTI- VICE CRUSADERS
SEF OF POLICE WILLfAM DEVERY Ol* NEW YORK. WHO IS SAID TO HAVE SENT IN HIS RESIGNATION.
AND ASA BIP.D GARDINER, WHO IS SUCCEEDED BY EUGENE PHILBIN AS'DISTRICT ATTORNEY FOR
QUEENSTOWN, Dec 27.— The Japanese
Government dredger Sente foundered last
evenlng^onT;Cork harbor, '. twelve ; persons
out of seventeen on board being drowned:
Twelve Persons Drowned.
WOODLAND, Dec 26^— Freddie Luck,
the 12-year-<>ld son of Fritz Luck 'and
wife, was kicked in the pit of the stom
ach by _ a horse at ; noon* ¦ Christmas and
died before midnight.
Killed by a Horse.
6T. PETERSBURG, Dec 26.— The Rus
*ian Minister of the Interior, M. Slpla
gTilne. who arrived here to-day from L»I
\*adia. where Ereperor IClcholaB is. conva
lescent, report* that the Czar 1b now com
pletely restored, be.nc able to tako" Ions
waJks and drives dally. • . i
Czar Perfectly Well.
LONDON, 1 ' Dec; v 27.— "Mr.* Conger takes a
hopeful 1 view ;of the' situation/' says the
Peking ; correspondent -* of. ; " - the Morning
Post," wiring on lionday, "and thinks that
a settlement, will be effected .but he "-. de
clares that no one of the envoys will reef,
ogriize the Empress. Dowager officially,
although all. aro aware that- she has long
exercisedthe supremo power.* He believes
the ""'crisis 'will i result i in the ¦ initiation , of
reforms in China! "-.;>/
"Senor de' Cologan ,'< the , Span! sh \ Min
ister, fears . thati'discusslon -of ' the 'Join
note." after general acceptance, -wJIl extend
for a year or.,more. .'; ' .''/.-.
: "It . is', rumored • that ," numerous , villages
east of Peking . are combining « to . extermi
nate native Christians; .several of whom
have been'burnediln a* local"' temple. '"
: "Li Hune.'Chane Is 'aT trifle better." .
¦ -'..¦'¦¦¦-.-' 'l' f \/ ; •,¦'>¦¦;?¦¦¦¦.¦'.¦' '-'•¦ i^:^ ¦'}*%" .'^y^;:-'.
Crisis Will Be Beneficial.
PROBABLE REFORMS IN CHINA.
Conger Says the Result of >the Present
RAILS AT UNITED STATES.
Peculiar Tone of Dispatch Published
in French Journal.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
» aid. Coryrisht. 1D0O, by the Herald Fub
llshlnK Company.
PARIS, Dec. 26.— Le Francals, an after
noon paper, publishes the following cable
from ,New York. Its faintly concealed
tone of exultant animosity toward Ameri
ca makes the people here wonder what U
meant:
"NEW YORK. Dec. 23.-Min!ster Con
ger telegraphs to Secretary Hay that he
signed the note presented to the Chinese
plenipotentiaries, making no protest, but
adding an explanation of the position
taken by the United States. The tone of
the American papers shows tfcat they feel
offended at the way In which they have
been made use of- for some weeks past by
the Washington authorities to the fur
therance of the personal views of .tjio
latter upon the Chinese question. The
papers were^ bamboozled and they in their
turn led their readers astray.
"Instead' of that vaunted triumph of
American diplomacy.' with Europe in the
tow ¦ of : the ¦> United .States, -It became ap
parent yesterday that the United States
has abandoned the hope of leading the
European concert. The President, having
tested his strength, learned that he .was
in no position to hold his own against the
European powers, even when the latter
were divided.
"As a result, what a change In the tone
fit the papers this morning!"
HAS A SERIOUS RELAPSE.
¦LONDON, Dec. 26.— It Is announced that
Lord William Leslie Lapor Beresford. who
has been suffering from peritonitis, but
whose condition on Chrustmas day was
somewhat improved, 1 has had a serious re
lapse.
PAPJS, Dec. 27. 5 a. xn.— Inquiries in
quarter? most likely to be correctly in
formed on the subject show that nothing
1? known in Paris to Justify the report
•circulated in the United States that Ig
nac« Paderewski, the pianist, has been
killed In a duel in France.
NEW YORK, Dee. 26.— A cablegram
from Paris says it is rumored that Ignace
Jan PaderewKkl. the famous pianist.
fought a duel near the French capital and
wax killed. No particulars were given.
Unconfirmari Rumor of
the Pianist's Death
Comes From
Paris.
PADEREWSKI
IN THE ROLE
OF DUELIST
Brooklyn.
"I am Chirf of Police," he saJd, "and
I am roing to run things for the people
/nid rot for the politicians. I know what
I am doing, and I don't care what John
Whalen says about my not having the
right to remove a deputy chiet. For what
ever has gone wrong in Brooklyn York is
MEW YORK. Df.-c. 26.— The Even- .
ing Telegram Fays: Report ha«? it I
at police headquarters to-day
lhat thp application of Chief of
Police William Devefjr for re
tirement If In the hands of Police Com
missioner John B. S^x'on. Whether this
i* true or not, ther*» is a belief amounting
almost to certainty that D<nery will re
tire this Tvcfk and that the new y*»ar
end the new century will f^eo another at
the h'&d of tho uniformed police force of
the city. If retired. Chief Devery would
have IW» a year for life.
This rumor sounds strange In the face
cf Chief Devcry's defiance, voiced jun a
v^^k apo. when he charged Commissioner
York rnd Captain Mclaughlin with re
rponsibility for police mismanagement in
Sir Thomas Lipton, who has been inter
viewed on the subject for the Daily Ex
press, said he thought It. within the range
of possibility „ that, the Prince of Wales
would accept cuch an invitation.
LONDON. Dec. 27— "The New York
Yacht Club," says the : Daily Express,
"will Invite Emperor William and \ the
the Prince of Wales to witness the cup
races, and President McKinley will also
send note* expressing the pleasure their
visits -would cive."
Prince of Wales, to Be
Invited and Latter
. Will Accept.
Emperor William and
ROYALTY MAY
VIEW COMING
YACHT RACE
rt-sponslble. I made all transfers on my
own responsibility, and I care nothing
what Tammany thinks. I removed Mc-
Clusky from the detective bureau be
cause he got 'too rhesty.' I am Chief of
Police. I. am not going to resign; the
board will not remove me.
"At the suggestion of York, I kept my
hand? off of Brooklyn and let him and
Deputy Chief McLaughlin run things. The
resell waj= that McLaughlin rolled around
with a high hat on the back of his head,
and T made up my mind to remove him.
. "Why. matters came to such a pass that
I could not get McLaughlin over to my
office in Mulberry street. I had no power
at all in Brooklyn. I wanted vice sup
pr«»ssed in that borough, . but . I counted
for little more than a cipher. . Now, York
must accept responsibility for the "past.
I will accept it for the future.
"I transferred McLaughlin, as I said
last Saturday night, for Uie good of the
service. I don't care what* John Wbalen
says about my not having the right to
transfer a deputy chief."
Right on top of this report of Devery*B
AUSTIN, Texas, Dec. 26.— Governor Say
crs made application to Governor Roose
velt of New York a few days ago for the
extradition of John D. Rockefeller and
other members of the Standard Oil Com
pany, to answer to the charge "of violation
of .the Texas - anti-trust 'j law pending
against them in the District Court of Mc-
Lennan County. Governor Roosevelt in
a letter, received to-day declines to grant
the application. He v says he ' would be
pleased to grant the application If it were
shown conclusively that the alleged fugi
tive from justice .was in Texas at the time
of the alleged commission of the crinic.
Governor Roosevelt Re
fuses the Requpst of the
Executive of .
Texas.
ROCKEFELLER
WILL NOT BE
EXTRADITED
Then Colonel Gardiner began the work
of formal introduction of Mr. Philbin to
all of his former staff.
Mr. Philbin replied: "I thank you cor
dially for your kind words and your of
fer. It is hardly necessary, because I feel
that you are ready to give me every as
fistance in your power and I shall not
hesitate to call on you. I thank you."
"I w-ould like it to be clearlyjunderstood
that I do not voluntarily surrender this
office, and that I protest against the ac
tion of the Governor as being without
authority In law. I am anxious, while
protesting against this act and reserving
all my legal rights, that the public bus
iness shall, not be injured nor retarded,
and to that end I will be pleased to co
operate with you in anyway that, you
may think best in the public interest."
application and related to. It from a Tam
many point of view was the Induction into
office of Eugene Philbin, as successor to
Asa Bird Gardiner, removed from the of
fice of District Attorney for the county of
New York by Governor Roosevelt. Mr.
Gardiner surrendered his office under pro
test.' He said to his successor:
The • troops of the « various nations are
celebrating 'Christmas' In, -"their] own
fashion,: each force being Interested in the
doings of v the others. The . Germans .. to
day; were reviewed on the occasion, of the
presentation* of ¦ fiags to . two \. regiments.
.The : event", was made practically/ interna
tional. All the generals and \ staffs arid
their' troops were present, with the result
that a great military spectacle* wa3 wlt
nessed.'- •"•'¦.-• /¦ • :
sXoanswer has yet been received to the
1nlnt nat« ; of tha bowers. .
¦i PEKING, Dec. 26.— Rev. Mr.' Kelly, the
Presbyterian miaslonary .who yesterday
reported to Minister Conger the burning
by. Boxers of nineteen Catholic Christiana,
now- reports having received further con
firmation'of the burning of native Chris
tians. ¦ He ' says the "number burned was
twenty-one, .' and he adds that , thousands
of armed ; Chinese have ; been seen • in • the
Sa'nv-ho' country. "" Mr. f Conger ! has | sent a
copy of the communication "to Field Mar
' shal Count von Waidersee and German
and Japanese troops have been' sent to
investigate. T Rev. ,Mr. t Kelly, admitted
that his information ' had been , derived en
tirely/from Chinese sources.
Outrages by. Boxers.
Alleged Confirmation of Reported
NATIVE CHRISTIANS BURNED.
. "To the best of my belief this was the
first and only occupation of 'the Forbidden
City by any of the allied forces, and the
only, time that any. force hoisted-Its col
ors.there.-We remained there from about
3:30 p. .. n>. ,to 5:S0"p. m., when I ; recelved
an order, to Tvithdraiw,' and' to leaye a
guard at: the fourth gate. Captain.Mat
thews and , Lieutenant Little, United
States Marines, * .were 'the" officers in com
pany there'.witn me." -
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— Brigadier
General JJeywcod, commandant of the
Marine Corps, has forwarded to the Navy
Department a letter from Captain Charles
D. Long, serving .with the marines in
China, stating that the American marines
were the first to enter the Forbidden City.
There has been much controversy as to
whether the Russians. Japanese, Germans
or Americans wcrefirst. within the" sacred
precincts of the Forbidden City, and this
letter is regarded as ' establishing the
claims of ¦ the Americans. Captain ; Long
gives "the following 'account of, the duties
performed by Company D at Peking on
August 18: ¦
¦i "Up to that time (August 16) the* For
bidden City had not been entgred by any
of the allied forces. Three of ' the four
gates between v the Chienmen'gate and the
.Forbidden. City had been forced the pre
vious day by the . Americans, but then
they halted and* finally withdrew to the
first gate, which was held. Receiving an
order from the commanding officer of
marines , to j enter, the Forbidden City and
seize such buildings, and grounds as
might be most advantageous for us to
hold and occupy.' I marched immediately
with my company, forced the fourth gate
and entered the city. Japanese, sentries
objected- to our. entering, but I did not
consider their claim to any control at
that. point. On entering there was no op
position, i the Chinese having departed,
leaving their, tents and banners standing.
I put guards on the best of. the buildings,
and the regimental colors were hoisted on
one of the administration buildings.
Hoisted Over Forbidden City.
Stars and - Stripes the Only Flay
AMERICANS FIRST TO ENTER.
tative of the press to-day that there was
no truth In the Pall Mall Gazette's dis
patch. . ' ,
Troops Maintaining Splendid Order
in Their Peking District.
LONDON, Dec. 26— In the course of a |
review published in the Morning Post to
day of the conditions existing at Peking
H.. J. Whlgham, the well-known newspa
per correspondent, says there are now a
quarter of V million inhabitants pursuing
their ordinary vocations in the American
quarter. LThe markets are all in full .
blast." He adds that the American; and
Japanese quarters i arc in all respects tho
best managed,' "showing' ability on.! the
part of the Americans - to \ handle ,'a
subject people* which they have not-de
veloped elsewhere to proper advantage."
Continuing Mr. Whigham says// ¦ '
"This ¦ enormous portion of the , : city . is
policed by exactly ; one' company of in
fantry and a; few mounted men under, a
provost marshal. .. If 'only these hard
headed : soldiers, of ,* the provost marshal
type had been ; given a free hand in the
Philippines \ the task c of subjugating tha
unfortunate^ islanders : wouid have • been
much more simple.* If the Japanese havo
come out: of the muddle with flying colors
they at* least have the Americans close ,
behind/ It was worth sending an ' expedi
tion to China if only to get .a ; few hin ta
on transport^" from" the .Americans. ' Their
scheme ( of- municipal government could
not be bettered . by ,i the British, who have
learned 'the' business -from experience In
every' quarter of the globe. For the point
of : contrast it . is , only* necessary to walk
down the avenue of , the f Chinese .city; di
viding the United States and Germany.
The American sidefof '\ the , street is . sim
ply Peking . in the ordinary garb of peace,
minus its variegated Smells'.' r The opposite!
side i*-is almost deserted. ¦ The > Germans
have to -.come; to 'the v American .side for
meat 'and vegetables and'it is whispered
that the*; country people; are : sometimes
fobbedas they 'bring : in^the produce.^ex
cept" where, the gates ; are British^ Ameri
can or Japanese. That is why the ¦¦ mar
kets -In the quarter controlled r>y these
;'natioii5'«.*ure/thevbest.V. ? ; i .,i
: > A .dispatch "., to f the • Pair, Mall ; Gazette
ifrom; Peking, dated Monday, December
'24/v'savs: -."Much - irritation \- has f- been
caused • by '.- the' : activity ; of the German
troops in the districts under, British pro
tection. • So acute has;b»eu; the feeling
that: there has been '¦. a' question \of the
British ¦ seceding' . from' the allied com
mand." ¦'¦.'.'¦
/'.TVio TTnrolim Ciffira \nft\rvnoA a. reorpspji.
PARIS. Dec. 26.— A dispatch to the
Havas , agency from Peking,
„¦ dated , December 25.*"s«pys' the c".e
"tachment ,of .French troops/.ebm
¦ 'V^-^imand'ed :^f ' by - Ger.erut : Bailloud,
were; recently attacked by Chinese regu
lars'and Boxers at Thi-Tchecu, south of
Paotingfu. The punitive expedition
took the: village after a lively on/'ljat.
Many cannon and a quantity of provision"?
and ammunition were ' secured. On ac
count of the hostile 'attitude of the. popu
lation. General Bailloud burned ,the vil
lage and also three villages in the neigh
borhood. "The Chinese loss "was 1000 men.
General Bailloud's force sustained no loss.
Christian Chinese, families .have been mal
treated by the Chinese regulars.
BKRLI N, Dec. 26.— Field Marshal Count
von Waldersee,~in a dispatch from Pek
ing, dated Monday. December 24, says:
"The FYench troops encountered on De
cember 22 east of Chochan. between Pek
ing and PaotingfuyaQhlnese force num
bering 2500 men with artillery. The Chi
nese fled in the direction of Kuan llsien.
They suffered looses 'and left behind them
five standards and four cannon. The Chi
nese probably "consisted "o"f the' "reunited
remnants of a body already- dispersed. 1 '
AMERICAN METHODS PRAISED.
GENERAL M. C. BAILLOUD, LEADER OF THE FRENCH PUNITIVE EX
PEDITION WHICH DEFEATED A FORCE OF CHINESE REGULARS
AND CAPTURED AND BURNED THI-TCHEOU.
BOSTON. r>ec. 26.— One of the most sen
sational episodes in the criminal line
which the police have been called upon
to handle in a long time came to a climax
to-night In the arrest of Mrs. Carrie Hun
toon, aged 26. well "known in society ard
at the time of her marriage one of the
belles of the city of Concord. N. H. Tha
charge against her Is conspiracy with in
tent to kill her divorced husband, W. C.
Huntoon, of whom it is asserted she ha3
been extremely jealous and whom of late
she apparently has hated with an Inten
sity that may have caused her mental
derangement. *»
Mrs. Huntoon cane into undesirable no
tice during an incident on Main street
last spring, when she seized from the
hands of a well-known young woman a
letter said to have been written to the
latter by Mr. Huntoon. At the September
term of the Superior Court Mrs. Huntoon
was granted a divorce from her husband
on statutory grounds. Among her friends
it Is said that she had often expressed
feelings of hatred toward Mr. Huntoon.
From a beautiful bride of a few years
ago her grief 'has made her haggard in
feature and emaciated in form so that she
had the sympathy of all who knew her.
It is claimed that on Monday last Mrs.
Huntoon came to Boston and in the Union
station accosted a young man-, a total
stranger, asking him if he was looking
for work and would like to earn a' dollar.
He said he was and she asked him to get
her a man to do a job for her. He asked
what the Job was and she "replied: "To
put a man out of the way." She said she
wanted revenge on this man and that was
the only way she could get it.
The police say 'that the young man to
whom she spoke was William Henry Dut
ton of 47 Linden street, Dorchester. Mass.
He made no definite answer to what she
said, and after some conversation he gave
her his address and left her. Young Dut
ton went home and told his father of the
conversation. His father sent him to the
police authorities In Boston and* they in
turn notified City Marshal Locke of Con
cord, giving the latter a description bt
the woman as Dutton remembered her.
On Tuesday, the police say, Mrs. Hun
toon came back to this city and wrote a
letter to this young man (Dutton). telling
him to come here at once, and giving
directions as to how he was to do the Job
'when he got here. This letter Dutton
showed to the police and by their direc
tions he arranged to meet Mrs. Huntoon
this evening. City Marshal Locke came
to Boston this afternoon, met Dutton and
brought him to Concord. At 8. p. m.. ac
cording to prearranged plans, young Dut
ton met Mrs. Huntoon at the Postoffice
and took her to the rear, of the State
House for conversation. Toung Dutton
claims that Mrs. Huntoon handed him a
loaded revolver and an envelope, which
she said contained a $3 bill, as part pay
ment for the job, and another envelope
as a decoy letter which was to-be* given
to Huntoon, her former husband, in order
to get him out of the house, and Into a
favorable place for the carrying out of
the crime.
Rjwrlal Dispatch to The Cal\
Police Place Under Arrest Mrs. Carrie
Huntoon, Once a Famous New
Hampshire Beauty.
Tries to Hire a Boston
•rToung Man to Com
mit tbe Deed.
An Insanely Jealous
Woman Plans
the Crime.
CONSPIRES
TO SLAY HER
EX-HUSBAND
CAPE TOWN," Dec. 27.— A. small party
of Boers attacked : Burgheradorp on De
cember .24." They.fwere -.'repulsed /after
heavy fighting. The < Boers j are active r ahd
skirmishes In several places have been
reported.
Boer Attack Repulsed.
KHARTOUM,- Egyptian; Soudan, Dec.
26. Lord Cromer,' the British diplomatic
agent, reviewed the Egyptian troops of
the Soudan; under the Sirdah,'- Major, Gen
eral I Sir Francis , R. AVingate, to-day. j Ho
assured a .deputation ,'¦ from the Dlnka
tribe, which formerly suffered severeiy
from slave raids, that the British and
Egyptian ' flags 'guaranteed them against
a recurrence of 'such raids and insured
respect for their /ancient: customs. ,Thie
chief sdeparted expressing gratitude. ¦
LONDON, Doc. 27.— The, decision to in
clude Maoris in the New Zealand contin
gent Is extremely interesting, as: at the
beginning of the war the;/ Government
promised not to employ blacks*
Reviews the Troops.
WELLINGTON, N. Z.. Dec. 25.— The
sixth contingent of, New Zealanders, ; 200
strong, half being 'Maoris, will sail for
South Africa in three weeks. . '.'
South Africa.
Maoris Sent From j New Zealand to
BLACKS TO FIGHT BOERS.
ZEERUST, Transvaal, Dec. 24.— The
Boers captured two. wagons containing
Christmas luxurles > destlned for the camp
of Lord Methuen. -*_
Lord Kitch'rner. according to a dispatch
from Johannesburg, has issued a.procla
mation, dated Pretoria, December 20, an
nouncing that burghers who voluntarily
surrender will- be allowed to live "with
their families in the government laagers
until siich time as guerrilla warfare ha3
sufficiently abated to admit of, their re
turning in safety to their homes. The
proclamation also promises, that all-prop
erty and stock brought in at the time of
surrender will be respected ana paid for
If requisitioned by the military authori
ties.
The Daily Mail, which makes a strong
appeal to the Government to "face the
facts and send Lord Kitchener more
troops,"' pays>: "There is a real risk in
berhg lulled to sleep by' carefully censored
messages."
The British press continues in;?he main
optimistkC but- 'the I condition ;. of t affairs
brings homVthe enormous difficulties that
will face Lord. Kitchener in . patrolling
and policing such Immense tracts'of coun
try, even when the Boers shall be finally
subdued.
General Clements' success against the
Brers In ' thj :Magaliesberg region Is. also
doubtful, the last dispatch reporting that
"it was considered advisable not to force
the Boers from their position." . '£& .. . ..1
The War Office had received no news
last evening of the reported capture of
yeomanry near Breitstown. ; A Burghers
dorp dispatch has a mysterious reference
to an "unfortunate mistaking of the ene
my for Brabant's Horst-,\ which resulted
in the sounding of 'cease firing* and en
abled the Boers to occupy all the com
manding ' positions, the British retiring
frdm a difficult predicament."
LONDON, Dec. 27. 3:30 a. m.— The pau
city and obscurity of the dispatches from
South Africa give rise to renewed anxiety.
Apparently the disturbed area , of Cape
Colony extends further south than it did
last December and Lord Kitchener does
not appear to. have had much, success as
yet in driving back the invaders.
General Kitchener has left Naauwpoort
and gone northward. The rapid 'coneen*
tratlon of troops in the disturbed districts
through the . persona 1 energy of General
Kitchener has allayed the local uneasi
ness.
CAPE TOWN,, Dec. 26.— A squadron of
yeomanry. Which had been following 1 the
Boers from' Breitstown. Is reported to
have been entrapped. There were several
casualties, it Is said, and the remainder
of the force Was captured.
Burghersdorp Dispatch Mysteriously
Refers to' an "Unfortunate Mis
take" by Kitchener's Men? ,
Survivors ol the 'Combat
Are Taken Prisoners
by the Patriots.
Entrapa Squaflronol
Yeomanry Near
Breitstown.
BOERS LEAD
BRITISH INTO
AN AMBUSH
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 27i 1900.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 27.
PKIOE FTVE CENTS.
General Baillouds Detachment
Inflicts a Grushin g Defeat on
Imperial Troops at Paotinqfu
CHINESE FORCE LOSES
A THOUSAND MEN IN
ATTACK ON FRENCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.- The ¦ distance between - Honolulu:-; and
"Washington is . figured ; at 5000 ; miles.': Mr.
.Wilcox will draw $500 more for' hla return
¦WASHINGTON, ' Dec>. 26.— Robert H.
Wilcox, delegate in the House of Repre
sentatives : from the Hawaiian ¦ Islands,
has just been paid: a' claim of- $1000; for
mileage.- It was the largest claim; of ; the
kind ever made,' but It was paid promptly
by the 'sergeant 'at arms of .;¦ the : House
Every Congressman is entitled to mileage
at the rate of 20, cents per mile t "by tho
most ; direct and practicable ; route ; from
his ¦ home to "Washington • and . return.", ,;-.>
From the House.
Hawaiian Delegate Collects $1000
- WASHINGTON,- Dec. 26.— The Indian
appropriation 'bill to-day received from
the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs
the first attention that has been given to
it by that body.,- A sub-committee ¦ con
sisting: of Senators Thurston, Platt of
Connecticut, Stewart, Jones o£ Arkansas
and Pettlgrew took up the -bill and rafter
examining many of the provisions decided
to consider the petition of I the Pima In
dians of Arizona I for improved facilities
for securing water ,f or, irrigation. Hydro
grapher Newell , of the Geological Survey
and others were heard as. to, the utility
of a proposed dam for a storage reservoir
on San Carlos River. - It was stated -that
these Indians had been deprived of their
water supply; by the : construction - of an
irrigation system -by. white men, and, that
whereas they had been self-supporting up
to that. time, they were now on the .verge
of starvation.
- It was estimated that the proposed dam
will cost about a million dollars. £ The
committee is apparently disposed to make
some . provision for the unfortunate In
dians. - - ' ' '.>¦.¦'• ¦' " -¦- \ . . '¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦• ¦' - .--;
"WTI/COX'S MILEAGE PAID.
of the Pimas.
Senate Committee Takes Up Petition
CARE OF THE INDIANS.
Ssnate Committee on' Appropriations
- V , May ! Not; Meet 'Again.' \ : y
¦ .WASHINGTON/; r>ec.1 29.— The sub-com
mittee,of the Senate; Committee .on t Ap
propriations < having e In charge » the ¦ prep
aration r of : the "executive, legislative Tand
judicial .bill, and ¦ which, hfts', been sitting
daily since the holiday recess of Congress
has -practically ; completed , its r. work and
probably will not meet again : after tho
reconvening of the Senate. > The bill will
then be reported to the full committee and
as soon thereafter as possible to the Sen
ate;r-\ It ,. will not carry ; a much : greater
total , than . the i bill : , carried as • it "; passed
the House.: There have been few increases
of salary made by the sub-committee; In
creases in -¦ the : clerical ..force ' In certain
branches . of - the vWar.s Interior and Post
office - ; departments ¦ have i been ' provided
for.'V These, Increases, have been made in
response toiurgent; representations by the
heads of bureaus.; ¦ :-
COMPLETES ITS WORK.
Firm in Difficulty,' Senior Member of
Which Was Twice Mayor of .<
Xnoxville. •
KNOXV ILLE ; . Tenn. , : Dec. . 26.— A peti
tion in bankruptcy was filed in the United
States court here : to-day by» Melvln E.
Thompson and his brother, who were for
merly : in .business here. Liabilities $198,-'
000: assetB $128,000. ¦ /^^BaBBBa»KIWWg^ • -, '
Melville E.: Thompson was twice Mayor
of Knoxvllle.. : . r •• .
; Most • of the liabilities were contracted
previous to \the,. fallure.'of the -brothers
five years ago.' The , chief creditors ; are
Knoxville banks : andtbusiness men. -, At
one " time . Melvln and - Sproul Thompson
were among the -wealthiest business men
pftho city. : Most of their wealth; was In
vested 1 In .real, estate and when ttje boom
collapsed they were ; lef t . heavily involved.
They - now ask relief from .their obliga
tions. •' . . i
THOMPSON & BROTHER
FAIL FOR LARGE STTM
RECEIVER APPOINTED FOR
C. R. BAIRD AND COMPANY
Firm Operating Large Iron Furnaces
Will Probably Be Reorgan
ized.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 26.-Judge Me-
Pherson In the' United States' District
Court to-day appointed John N. M. Shl
mer and .William P. Stoke receivers. in
bankruptcy ot C. R. Balrd & Co., operat
ing Iron' furnaces. Counsel for creditors
representing about 1160,000 of claims stated
that the business would probably be re
organized. .
The concerns controlled by Balrd are
the Elmlra Steel Company, Elmira, N..Y.;
Cumberland Nail and Iron Works, Bridge
ton, N. J.; Fullerton Rolling Mills. Fern
dale. Pa.; Catasauqua Rolling: Mills, Ca
tasauqua. Pa.: Chlckies Iron Company,
Philadelphia; Danvnie Rollin? Mills, Dan
ville, -Pat J ¦ Roanoke Rolling Mills, Roan
oke. Va., and blast furnaces nt Empo
rium,. Pa., Roanoko and Iron Gate, Va.
Patterson, appeared before Judge Win
chester in the District Court this aiter
noon, warrants haiing* been issued for
the arrest of. the city's chief executive on
the charge of operating: a gambling house.
Mayor Patterson was out of the city when
the warrants were issued. . Nevertheless
Sheriff Bogrue made a seizure of a roulette
table and outfit.
¦ When Mayor • Patterson appeared before
Judsre ' Winchester he asked for time tc
plead and to arrange for counsel to defend
him. Judge Winchester set the Hearing
for January 3 and fixed bail at $200 in
each- case. Mayor Patterson j said he
woulddecllne to give ball and stood ready
i to 'bo committed to Jail. He Is now In
the custody of the Sheriff and construct
ively in Jail pending the hearing. He
denies that he had any interest in the
gambling <outflt seized and has employed
counsel to fight the case. A great array
of counsel and witnesses Is expected to
be i>:M. c ent when the case Is up for hear
ing and'Pimsntlorial developments may be
looked for. -^ - .-- y ":
Roulette Table and Outfit Seized and
' . ' a Ssnsational Trial Is
Expected.
BISMARCK, N. D., Dec. 26.-Mayor
MAYOR OF BISMARCK r
ARRESTED AS A GAMBLER
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— Secretary
Cortelyou to-day announced the arrange
ments for .the President's New Year's re
ception:
The President will receive at 11 a. tn.— The
members of tho Cabinet: the diplomatic corps.
11:15 a. m.— Chief Justice and Associate Jus
tices of the Supreme Court of the United
States; the Judges of the United States Court
of Claims, the Judges of the Court of Appeals,
the Judges of the Supreme Sourt of the District
of Columbia. ex-Cabinet members and ex-Mln
lcters of the United States.
11:25 a. m.— Senators, Representative* and
Delegates in Congress, the Commissioners of
the District of Columbia. -
ll;40 a. .m. — Officers of the army, officers of
the navy, officers of the marine corps, com
manding general and general staff of the.mlll
tla of the District of Columbia.
12 m.— The regents and - secretary of the
Fmlthsonlan Institution; the Commission of
fisheries, the Commissioner of Iiabor. Assistant
Secretaries of departments. Assistant Postmas
ters General, the Solicitor General, Assistant
Attorney General, the Treasurer of the Unltpd
States, Commissioner of Pensions, Comptroller
of the Currency, the heads of bureaus In the
several departments, the president of the Co
lumbian Institute for the Deaf and Dumb, the
Civil Service Commission, the Interstate Com
merce Commission, Commissioner of Patents.
12:15 p. m.— The Associated Veterans of the
War of 1846-47, the Grand Army of the Repub
lic, the military order of tho Loyal Legion of
the United States, the Union Veteran Legion,
Union Veterans' Union, Spanish war veterans,
members of the Old Inhabitants' Association of
the District of Columbia, ,
12:35 p. m.— Reception of citizens, which will
terminate at 1:30 p. m.
Official Announcement of the
Arrangements for the
Recaption.
NEW YEAR CALLS
ON THE PRESIDENT
TOPEKA. Kans.. Dec. 26— The prosper
ous farmers and wheat growers of Kan
eas, who have big bank deposits as a re-
Bult of the good ''crops In the State for the
past two or three years, are petitioning
Governor Stanley for a more stringent
kidnaping law in Kansas. Many of the
petitioners for this law explain that they
have from fifty to one hundred thousand
dollars In the bank and they do not care
to have the Cudahy game played on them
for half their money. Under the present
law in Kansas, a kidnaper who" takes a
child may be sentenced to only five years'
imprisonment. Governor Stanley will ask
State Senator Harry Pestenna to intro
duce a bill In the coming Legislature
making the offense punishable by a life
sentence. " ¦>•"-,: .-.-.-
From Kansas Farmers.
Governor Stanley Honors an Appeal
hiding place of Pat Crowe, the alleged
Omaha kidnaper. Chief of Detectives
Shea Is still of the opinion that Crowe is
harbored by "friends in this city. Chief
Shea and ex-Policeman JacK Purcell, now
of Denver, armed with Winchesters, ex
pected to capture Crowe to-night, but the
house they visited did not hold the desper
ate man.
m ¦ .
WANT ANTI-KIDNAPINQ LAW.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 2G.— The Even
ing Telegraph to-day says: Plans for the
reorganization of the Pennsylvania Steel
Company were completed to-day and will
fhortly be submitted to the stockholders.
The company owns plants at Steelton,
rear Harrisburj?. and at Sparrows Point,
lid., besides owning all the capital stock
cf the Maryland Steel Company, the Bal
timore and Sparrows Point Railroad and
19 per cent of the capital stock of the Ju
ragua Iron Company (limited), a corpora
tion owning and operating iron mines In
Cuba.
Of the 521,500,000 preferred stock to be
issued $O0f».0-W will be for the retirement
of th«» outstanding: preferred and common
etocks of the Pennsylvania Steel Com
pany, $2,000,000 for thu retirement of a like
c mount of the 6 per cent bonds of the
Pennsylvania and Maryland Steel Com
pany. JJ.OOO.OW for the acquisition by pur
chase or otherwise of ore properties, man
ufacturing plants or other enterprises
uprful to the company, and $6,000,000 for
providing funds for working capital for
improvements at Sparrows Point and at
Steelton and for such other improvements
as mav be deemed advisable.
A syndicate has been organized to pur
chase from the company the $10,000,000
¦worth of preferred stocks, the proceeds of
which will retire t2.000.000 outstanding 6
per cent bonds and provide the $8,000,000
casn required for a working capital and
the improvements and extensions pro
posed. This $10,000,000 preferred stock will
either be offered to the present stockhold
ers of the Pennsylvania Steel Company
cr offered for public subscription in such
proportions as may be determined upon
by the syndicate managers.
The offer to the present stockholders
•will be for preferred stock. 100 per cent
in new preferred stock and 50 per cent in
the common stock and for common stock
100 per cent in new preferred stock. The
fixed charges to the company will be
about $70,000.
Basis Upon Which Pennsyl
vania Steel Company Will
Be Operated.
Sacramento Biver .Rising.
REORGANIZATION
PLAN COMPLETE
WOODLAND, Dec. 26.— The Sacramento
River is rising rapidly. Flood water will
boor be running out of the woods and
break into Yolo Basin.
USURER'S YOKE
ON CASTELLANE
OMAHA, Dec. 26.— It is now known
that Pat Crowe was seen in South
Omaha scarcely twenty hours be
fore the abduction of Eddie
Cudahy. On Monday night. De
cember 17, a well known citizen of South
Omaha conversed with him for nearly an
hour. Just before he departed Pat was
questioned concerning his future plans
and laughingly replied:
"Oh. I have something big on; you'll
hear from me soon."
At the time this was viewed as an Idle
boast.
The mystery of finding the pony at Pa
cific Junction, twenty-five miles south of
Omaha, haa not yet been cleared, those
trying to identify the -pony as the one
used by the kidnapers being unable to de
cide whether or not it was the same ant-
Tlie police, however, are Inclined to the
belief that there is importance in the re
port coming from St. Joseph, Mo., Etat
ing that Pat Crowe had been there as
late as Monday and Chief of Police Dona
hue is now investigating that report.
Should It prove true, the Chief believes
It probable that Crowe is now In that vl
° ST^JOSEPH, Mo.. Dec. 26.— Five more
rinkerton detectives arrived In the city
to-night from Chicago to ferret out the
Counsel for the Count Ex
poses the Methods of
Wertheimer. NS
PARIS, Dec. 26.— Before the first civil
tribunal of the Seine to-day Maltre Bouat
resumed his speech, begun December 20,
when the case was adjourned for a week
in behalf of Count and Countess de Cas
tellane in the suit of Charles Werthel
mer, a London bric-a-brac dealer, to re
cover payment for articles sold to the de
fendants. In an elaborate argument
counsel set forth the counter claim cf
the CaBtellanes, who demand a reduction
of the debt, provisionally estimated to ba
at least 2,000,000 francs, and the restitu
tion of objects taken in exchange by Wer
thelmer under the penalty of 1000 francs
for each day's delay in the restitution
from the day of judgment, finally claim
ing damages to the amount of 300,000
francs.
Counsel suggested that experts be ap
pointed to Inspect the articles involved
and suggested that these experts be
chosen from an ..ordinary list or from
among the presidents of the cxpos.^on
Juries. He explained that George J.
Gould of New York, in aiding the Castel
lanes In this suit, de&ired to accomplish
a duty which the court had previously
conflded to him, while the Castellanes,
after throwing off Werthelmer's yoke,
brought the case Into court because they
thought publicity was better thaft the
mystery of the susoicious pacts < and
equivocal arrangements. In so doing,
counsel asserted, they did an act of dig
nity and courage. *:..
Maitre Foucald. counsel for Werthel
mer. replied, saying that the authenticity
of only five articles of the value of 500,000
francs could possibly be. questioned, and
while Werthefmer affirmed their genuine
ness he would consent to another expert
examination with. the understanding that
if the articles were declared spurious the
600.000 francs was to be struck out of tha
bill, but If they were oeclared genuine the
Castellanes were to pay the full price,
no revaluation being admitted. Wertnei
rner, counsel added, opposed the restitu
tion of the art works which the Count de
Castcllane gave him In pledge for pay
ment of the total of the bill on tho eve
of his departure for America.
Maltre Bouat again spoke, asserting
that the Castellanes obtained delays tn
payment ajid.the withdrawal of AVerthei
mer's suit only by fresh purchases of ar
ticles for 250.000 francs., which were bare
ly worth 15,000 francs. This, counsel
claimed, was selling uelays at usurious
rates. The Castellanes, counsel continued,
demanded an expert valuation of ¦ all the
purchases and not of a few objects.
The case was adjourned until January
9, when Judgment will be delivered.
BOOSZVTEXT TO HUNT
FOB MOUNTAIN LIONS
Engag-es the Services of a Famous
Colorado Hunter to Assist in
the Sport.
DENVER. Dec. 2R.-J. D. Goff of Meeker.
Oilo, the famous White River hunter who
hat been engaged to escort Vice Presi
dent-elect Roosevelt on a hunt for moun
tain lions next month, passed through
Denver to-day en rcute home from Colo
rado Springs, where he has been making
arrangements for the proposed hunting
trip.
"1 have about completed arrangements
for Governor Roosevelt's hunt, and it's
going to be an interesting one,' said Mr.
Goff. "Our primary purpose will be to
hunt the mountain llpn. but we will run
across and engage a few bears on the
way. We "will hunt In Coyote Basin.
vrhich ha* been absolutely free from men
•with guns this year, and there-ought to
be plenty of fierce game In tl\at section.
We- will" remain in the mountains • about
three weeks and wtil take a dozen pack
horses, loaded with provisions and sup
plies for that length of time."
Another Kentucky Feud.
HOPKINSVILLE, Ky.. Dec. 26.— At
Carl Christrrias evening Robert Morris
ghot and killed A. Henderson, who was
advancing on him with two pistols. Mor
ris escaped. The tragedy was the result
of a feud between leading families, and
further bloodshed if? expected. Ten years
ago Lem Morris wounded Oush Henderson
and a year later Jack, Henderson -killed
L*m Ikforris
NEGROES UNDER CONTBOI..
CEMENTVILLE, Ind., Dec. 26.— The
warring negroes were under control at Ce
mentville to-day, and no- further out
breaks are expected. Samuel Kendall, in
whose saloon a number of shots were
fired, secured- warrants for -the arrest of
Lee Ranger, who was wounded, and John
Redmond, his companion, but' neither was
found.
Marbles Company Fails.
STEUBENVILLE. Ohio, Dec. 26.- t J. O.
Naylcr has been appointed receiver for
the American Marbles Company, which
has been running about' two months. , It
Is the only factory of the kind In th 1 ?
United States, the ' product being glass
marbles. It Is' alleged that, the firm !s
Insolvent. There is also said to . be a
mix-up in regard to the* issuance of -the
f apital Flock, . which • was ¦;¦¦ presumably
Itased on. the value of the patent used by
the concern./
decades. St. Louis claims her as s
daughter. When little Delia had just
turned eight she played then the "Mid
shipmite" in an amateur production oj
Gilbert and Sullivan's "Pinafore." Frorr
that hour she was a stage-struck girl
When a year later she played the part o!
a child with James O'Neill in "The Cele
brated Case," her theatrical ambition was
confirmed. >
After a few years at school little Miss
Fox's opportunity came In child parts
with Marie Prescott until she was offered
an engagement with the Bennett & Moul
ton> Opera Company. Later she became
soubrette with the Conrled Opera Com
pany, which she left to. join De Wolf Hop
per. Distinct hits in '"'Wang" and "The
Panjandrum" established her vogue and
she became a reigning comic opera fav
orite. For several ye^ra Miss Fox has
been a star on her own account, singing
at Intervals until six months ago, when
she was taken ill, her life being despaired
of several times.
Justice Blanchard will not render his
decision until he has received briefs from
counsel on both: sides on the law of the
case.-- - - . ' - , - - - -
debarring' the transfer of the securities
held by the defendants.
BUDYABD KIPLING LOSES
SUIT AGAINST PUBLISHER
Author May Hot Regulate the Pub
lication of His TJncopyrighted
Works. '
NEW YORK. Dec. 26.— Judge Lacombe.
In the United States Circuit Court to-day,
denied the appeal by Rudyard Kipling's
attorneys to restrain E. W. Fenyon from
publishing and editing sections of his
work upon which an elephant's head had
been used. Judge Lacombe said Mr. Kip
ling had not established a common law
trademark and there was no suggestion
of a statutory trademark.
"The proposition advanced," said the
court, "is that an author whose mental
productions, prose, verse and title, have
been given to the world without copyright
so that any one is free to reprint and sell
the whole or any part of them, may never
theless regulate the manner In •whifch such
printed matter may be grouped and en
titled and may restrain any application
of the title selected otherwise than as he
used or uses it. It would seem that the
measure of relief which authors may ob
tain against unauthorized publications of
their works must be found In the copy
right statutes."
Johnson's reply- lo^thisjiS; that^he of
fered to;pay;it and.was ready, to do so at
any* time,* and ; that ho Is : therefore ¦ enti
tled ¦ to ; receive' the ; one-fifth ¦, of the stock
contemplated- In his 'n>treementJof 1895. ¦
¦ --. The » injunction x asked ', for * by i him * calls
for the 5 restraining, of." the r carrying: out
of i the 'Peck &; Everitt/ agreement settled
uoon by R. ':* T. "Wilson & Co.. as well aj
.-;* Wilson &: Co,. paid $5,000,000 for the pur
chase of the roads acquired by them, but
say ? that Johnson, haa not! yet; paid his
one-fifth; of that 5 sum? and cannof there
fore claim 1 the " one-fifth r of ¦' the securities.-
; Mr. Johnson claims that he. on. Novem
ber 17, orally gave notice that he wanted
his i share of the ¦ securities and ; that he
would pay his one-fifth 'share of the out
lay j by-, wllson' & Co. In their" purchase,
the amount expended ; being: over $5,000,000.
«. R: .T.' -Wilson . & : Co.'deny that Johnson
gave any notice that lie desired a disso
lution ; of the alleged partnership prior to
the making. of the Pack & Everltt agree
ment. .They admit that in the beginning
of December he did give a written notice
demanding that ~< the .- partnership be dis
solved. _¦ / ; ' ' ' •' ¦'¦ ".. ¦¦ .,--.-•¦'.
The origin of the* Bult was the purchase
in 1834 by the defendants of the Detroit
street railway system, , after which Mr.
Johnson became associated with them In
the management. R. T. Wilson & Co.
began the purchase of the concern in the
fall of 1894 and after they had succeeded
in. bo doing they brought In Mr. Johnson
as an associate in January, 1895. He was
to have ¦ a one-fifth interest in the com
pany of a41 stocks purchased or to,b«?
purchased by R. T. Wilson & Co. in con
nection with the carrying out of the pro
ject for the Bonsolidatlon of all the sur
face railroads in and about Detroit. Mr.
Johnson was also to have charge of the
working of the different roads acquired
and was to act as the president of tha
company at a salary of $10,000 a year. R.
T.' Wilson & Co. were to have the man
agement of the financial -affairs of the
corporation and were to form syndicates
and outside arrangements with regard to
the " securities as they deemed fit. The
contract between Johnson and R. T. \\I1
oon &Co. was to terminate within three
years if possible, but did not so terminate,
and was extended from time to time until
November last. The reason of the failure
to close the agreement was the formation
of a new company : f or : the acquisition of
the Detroit street railroad system, | other
wise known as the 3-cent fare combina
tion, which waa engineered . by the firm
of;Pack &Everitt, who secured a fran
chise on making a stipulation that they
would carry ' passengers for a 3-cent . fare
and ; who succeeded . in acquiring between
fifty and sixty mileB of streets under that
franchise.. • . ;
• The scheme of Pack & Everltt seriously
Interfered with the ulans laid down: by
R. T. '-Wilson & Co. and they made a set
tlement with Pack & . Everltt: In lSJM
whereby Pack & Everitt agreed to deposit
70 per cent worth, of stock- in the 3-cent
fare company and were , to | receive in re
turn certain stocks in a new company, to
be orranlzed under the laws of Michigan.
Pack & Bverltt,' however, did not deposit
the full amount *of -70 per, cent ;¦ of the
stock In, the 3-cent fare company and th«
question of the balance , was made a basis
of ; negotiations; as- was also the amount
R.; T. Wilson &. Co. should pay for the
stock already deposited. .These negotia
tions continued until the middle of. No
vember; last and; on November 24 an ar
rangement was made between R. T. Wil
son & Co. and Pack;& Everttt.
NEW YORK. Dec. 26.— Decision was- re
served by Justice Blanchard in the Su
preme Court to-day in an action brought
by Tom L. Johnson against R. T. Wfison
& Co., bankers and brokers, for an in
junction restraining the defendants from
disposing of the stocks and securities of
the Detroit street railway Bystem pend
ing the trial of a suit for the dissolution
of an- alleged partnership existing be
tween Johnson and K. T. Wilson and Co.
Mr. Johnson asks also that a receiver bo
appointed for the railway. ¦ —
Dispute Among Proprietors
of Detroit Transpor
tation Lines.
STRIFE OF STREET
RAILWAY OWNERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
B-^— : ALTIMORE, Dec. 26.— Delia Fox.
the actress, was married to-day
to John Levy of New York, in
the office of the Clerk of the
Court of Common Pleas. Rev.
William M. Way, pastor of the Immanuel
Reformed Church, performed the cere
mony in the presence of the bride's maid
and a few court officials. It is announced
that after the completion of her engage
ment this week in this .city Mrs. Levy
will retire from the vaudeville stage, with
the Intention of returning Bhortly to
comic opera,
.The. marriage license which- was issued
to-day gives the age of. Miss Fox at 25
years, single and a resident of New York,
while Mr. Levy said he was 45, lived In
New York and has no relatives.
In splt«x o£ the fact that Delia Fox con
fesses to 25 years and is 30, she, has been
on the boards for the greater part of two
CHIEF OF POLICE DONAHUE OF OMAHA, THE OFFICIAL WHO HAS
CHARGE OF THE SEARCH FOR THE KIDNAPERS OF MILLIONAIRE
E. A. CUDAHY'S SON.
ACTRESS DELL.A FOX, WHO CONFESSED TO 25 YEARS IN GIVING
HER AGE TO A MARRIAGE LICENSE CLERK AT BALTIMORE AND
WHO WILL RETURN TO COMIC OPERA.
After they had gone some distance the
nur6e became suspicious and alighted
while the vehicle was in motion. She
went at once to a telephone and Informed
Miller" that she thought something was
wrong. He went to the Union station in
order to head them off in case it was Mrs.
Miller's intention to leave the city. Up
to a late hour to-night not the slightest
trace of Mrs. Miller and child has been
found. It is surmised her destination is
New York, and every effort is" being made
to Intercept her before she, reaches that
city.
When Samuel Miller arrived at hla de
cision his wife refused to accompany him
to this city, and has continued to reside
in New York. While the young couple
have not been living together, there has
never been any talk of divorce and no
papers have ever been filed to that end.
Two or three days ago Mrs. Miller came
quietly, to this city and had two or three
interviews with her husband. She i was
allowed to see their child two or three
times, and this afternoon a nurse went
out to the hotel with the child. Mrs. Mil
ler had a carriage in waiting and all en
tered the carriage together.
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 26.-Mrs. Samuel
D. Miller, whose husband is ex-Attorney
General Miller's son, kidnaped their lit
tle child from home this afternoon and
fled from the city. Mrs. Miller -was Miss
Karcher of New York and a very beauti
ful woman. Seven years ago she married
Samuel D. Miller in Washington, the wed
ding ceremony being an elaborate affair.
The young couple came to this city, where
Mr.. Miller occupied a high social position,
and resided here for two years. Mra.
Miller, however, desired to go back to
New York, and finally induced her hus
band to establish 1 himself in the practice
of law in the metropolis. They resided
there for two or three years. Young Mr.
Miller decided that it would be to his best
interest to return to Indianapolis and Join
his father"s law firm, which is composed
of two or three of the best lawyers in
the State of Indiana, the elder Mr. Miller
having been before his appointment as
Attorney General cf the United States a
law partner of former President Benjamin
Harrison. It was President Harrison who
appointed W. H. H. Miller Attorney Gen
eral.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Nurse of the Stolen Paba' Leaps Prom
*' a Moving Carriage to Send an
Alarm to Its Father,
aPugitive.
Daugtiter-in-Law •• of the
Ex-Attorney- General
Mrs.SaniuelMfc
in tjhue Role 6I-.
Kidnaper..;
STEALS HER
CHILD FROM
HER HUSBAND
BRYAN REGRETS
BUT HOPES EVER
auguration of Raf orms He
_ — ,
Sought the Presidency Because It pf
fered Opportunities for the In-
Says Democracy Still Lives
and Ultimately Will
If we are *uec*>ssful in reversing political
tendencies and In carrying * the Government
bark to Its old foundations we shall rejoice
In the victory and profit by the reforms se
cured. I am confident that we Fhall ultimately
win. but If the trend toward plutocracy can
not be checked It Is still better that we should
t'f> drfeated In a righteous undertaking than
that we should join hands with those who are
ignoring the Inalienable rights of man.
LI>TCOL.!C. Nebr.. Dec. 26.— The annual
banquet of the Jeffersonian Club of Lin
coln held to-night at the Lincoln Hotel,
brought tog-ether nearly 300 representative
mm of the Democratic and Populist par
ties of Nebraska, together ¦with a number
of leaders from other States.
The dinner Afforded an opportunity to
Wtliiam J. Bryan to make his first ap
pearance at a public gathering since the
election, and tlie greeting accorded him
was never eurpassed in point of hearti
ness in his home city. Ills address re
ceived the closest attention and the ap
plause was frequennt. He said in part:
At this banquet, surrounded by nelRhbors
vho have been my friends for years, I may be
I'triJoned lor raying a word of a personal na
ture. Five tim<-s you have voted lor me for
public offices — twice for Cotagress, once for the
I nited States Senate and twice for the Presl
dtney—and no candidate ever received more
lcyal support than you have given.
Whether I fhall ever be a candidate for'of
fice again is a question which must be deter
rr.ired by events. No one can Epeak with cer
tainty of the future, for one's destiny is not
known until his life's work is complete. I
fhall be content if it is my lot "to aid in the
triumph of the principles while others enjoy the
honors and bear the responsibility of office.
The holding of public position should be an
incident and not the aim for the citizen. It
chould not be an end, but the means for the
accomplishment of a purpose.
The Presidency seemed desirable because it
•would have enabled me to give effective aid to
certain reforms which I believe to be necessary
to the public welfare, but- defeats-even a sec
ond defeat— <5oes not lessen my interest in this
reform, and time may prove that my work -Is
to advocate rather than to execute.
The Commoner will give me an opportunity to
participate in i>ublic discupsions and I am
ture that an editorial i>OK:tion will furnish as
much Intellectual enjoyment as I could have
found in the 'White House, and in addition
thereto give me more time for home pleasures.
The principles for which we contended In
the last campalpn still live, and we who be
lieve In them must continue to figrht for them.
An election does not -change principles. It
only determines what principles shall be for
the time being applied. The believers in tariff
reform did not abandon their faith when the
high tariff doctrine was indorsed at the polls;
neither did protectionists when their cause suf
fered loss. The advocates of the gold standard
continued the fight , for monometallism for
twenty-fl v « years in f=!iite of the platform
declaratlii.s of all parties in favor of a double
Ftandard. Fhall we, who believe In bimetal
lism, low courage because our opponents have
profited t>y an Increased volume of money —
thus admitting the economic plea for which
w« have been contending? The defenders of
trusts did not lose heart when all parties de
nounced combinations in restraint of trade.
Shall we Rive up the fight because monopoly,.
lias triumphed by stealth — must we now advo
cate an Imperial policy because of our oppo
nents having won a victory by denying that
they are imperialists? A colonial system in
volves a surrender of our theory of govern
ment, and the people will understand this as
ir>on as the Fyytem Is put Into operation. If
Tie were to consult our immediate convenience
and fomfort we would never oppose wrong of
any kind, for all warfare Involves a temporary
sacrifice, but this is cur Government and must
be transmitted unimpaired to posterity. We
lmve nr> choice, therefore, but to stand stead
fart, come what may.
PETITE DELLA FOX WEDS
JOHN LEVY OF NEW YORK
Announces Her Retirement From Vaudeville and
V Return to Comic Opera.
'You'll Hear From Me Soon," He Tells a Friend
Before the Kidnaping: of Young Cudahy/
CROWE'S BOASTING GIVES
POLICE IMPORTANT CLEW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTJ BSD AY, DECEMBER 27, 1900.
2
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
Take i-I-ixath'e - Bromo I Quinine 'Tablets." *A 11
druggists refund : money If , It* falls to cure. E.
VrV: Grove's Blgnature is on each box. 25c. •¦
To] Cu r 8 a Cold. ' in One Day
DR. HALL'S KEWYlGORATORpraW
Five hundred reward for any iV3iH M*fl g
ca«-2 we cannot cure. This secret |c£ai Bu
remedy stops all losses tn 24 hours, B O
cures Emissions, Impotency. Vari- infl RNm
cocele. (KT.orrhcea. Gleet, FlU. X«fi J*Wl
Strictures. Ix>st Manhood and all LltJJ IWJ
¦wastingr effects of self-abusa or KKS| fTS
excesses. Sent scaled. K bottt«: 3 I iTfJriMiifTill]
bottles. H: suaranteed t« eur* any cut. ah-
dress HALLOS MEDICAL INSTTTUTB. 3U
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sal* at 1073%
Market it.. 8. F. All private dlMUM quickly
curad. tana Cor trm*. book.
Notice In hereby given that a re-
ward of 8500 will b« paid for In-
formation leading to the arrest
and conviction ©T pnrttea who roa-
liciously or Otherwis- tamper with
thc^ poles, n n =8, transformers,
w5re ?' manholes, cables, conduits,
lamps. v meter?, fuse* or other
property of the Independent Elec-
tric Lifeht and Power Company.
;^^ • v. -¦¦¦.-¦
$^*?m%& RAPTURE
BijPf-r y^^y^SS t*n= ot D « cured by
EgMl/«* sq!&9 »alves. lotions, com-
ffl&S&S&£^^^&' non trusses, or
ti—^&Zi&ZSf&ZZr "Quack" opatsttlona.
fl— -^S&^C^^DR- PIERCE'S MAGNETIC
M JMfiC ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
cL /J3l\ fe^nt It does the worl^l
-J&/ ' py •BOOKLET NO. r* gives
fuu information. Call or write
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
62O Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel). S. T.
TO THE PUBLIC!
>j|i«Ww BAN FRA-NCTSCO. Oct.
aKBg/lgS^ 6. 1*00.— To whom it may
«§K, concern: This Is to certify
W>i that DR. "WONG HIM of
lKl&C f 115-117 Mason street. San
W P ,i Francisco, has cured me
3t> v££i / e * kidney trouble and
"^ jflff^E» / rheumatism and X mrr \
-/"wfe*-,/^ happy to make this state-
yCTJJ ****^ s?^v raent. as I find the Doctor
/*>«f**i—^t\ strictly honest la evsry
*wft." -JlKSt^wSiV tense of the word and ta
**«3&!»V£3k^^ honorable man In all his
dealings. DR. C A. OAT. Efentlst. 903 Second
av«., Seattle, Wash.
PINOLE, June 23. 1333.— I talcs tola means «*.
expressing; my thanks to Dr. "Won* Him. 115-
117 Mason street. San Francisco, for tia»ln*
cured me of kidney, womb trouble and canoer
of the stomach. I was a (treat sufferer for IS
years and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wont; Him and tn six months' time,
be baa cured me. Any person wishing m* to
certify this can find m«.
MRS. GEOROB BETZ
Pinole. Contra Costs County. CsX -
B. P., December 4. 1S39.— Dr. Won* Him. 115-
117 Mason st., 8. F.. CaL— Dear Sir: For ths>
benefit of others I -wish to make a statement of
my case, which waa heart trouble. After treat-
Ins with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wonr
Him, and hit wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, aad
after treating six months I am now weU and
strong;. Yours, respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 102? Mission St.. 8. F.
With nearly all advertised catarrh cures
It is a matter of guesswork as to what
you are taking Into the stomach, as the
proprietors, while making all sorts of
claims as to what their medicines will do
are very careful to keep it a, close secret
as to what they really contain.
n^w Is . one reason why Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets have been so widely recommend-
ed, because they are not only pleasant and
convenient to take, but the patient also
knows he Is not putting Into his stomach
anything of an Injurious character
These tablets »re sold by druggists ev-
erywhere in the United States and
Canada at 50 cents, for complete treat-
ment and probably there Is no better rem-
edy ever devised for the permanent rare
of catarrh, whether located in the hearl
throat, bronchial tubes or in the Btomaffi
.The cures that Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets have accomplished in old chronic
cases are little short of remarkable, and
the advantage of knowing just what you
are taking Into your system Is of para-
mount Importance when it is remembered
that the cocame or morphine habit -has
been frequently contracted as the result
of using secret catarrh remedies, as so
many of them are well known to contain
these injurious drugs.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets meet with" the
approval and cordial support of physl- 1
clans because their antiseptic character
renders them perfectly safe for the gen-
eral public to use and their composition
makes them a common sense cure for all
forms of catarrhal trouble.
• ¦ ; . New Catarrh Cur©. ' y
Tho remarkable success and popularity
of the new catarrh cure, Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets. Is largely because It not only
cures catarrh, but because catarrh suf-
ferers who use these tablets know what
they are taking into their systems— no se-
cret is made of what they contain. . They
are composed of hydrastin, blood root,
g-ualacol and red gum, are pleasant to the
taste and, being dissolved In the mouth,
they take immediate effect upon the mu-
cous lining of the throat, nasal passages
and . the whole respiratory tract.
The Success and Popularity of the
GOOD REASON FOR IT.
wonderful. E. P. WB1DMER.
•11T8 Fifth «t., Des Molnes, Iowa."
We will pay any on« $50 who cannot be>
cured with VERUS PIUE5 CURE. Price $3 00.
Over 10.000 cures. Xo claim for reward.
VERUS PILE CUBE CO., EOOffl 255, WflSOn Bli
Or the old and reliable ELLINGTON DRUG
CO.. Agents, corner Fourth and Sprlmr sts.,
Los Anpeles. Cal.
PI LES
"I waa troubled with Protruding Piles many
years. Tried trtrr remedy I could hear ot and
had them cut out twice. I despaired of a
cuts until I tried Verus Pila Cur*. I was
never so surprised ta my lite to find myself
cured before using; half a box. It la Indeed
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|5
TELEPHOiNB GRANT 33.
¦**-& CO/*
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Extra 20 Per Gent Reduction
On our entire line of five o'clock teas
in brass or nickel. All new goods spe-
cially imported by us for the holidays.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY —
and MONDAY (31st Inst.)
Large Assortment of Bonbons.
0 K WHISKY, L L. & Co.'s i
Reg. II. 00 3 bot*. S2.00
Recr. *4.00 ¥3.00 gallon
The old reMable Bourbon.
WHISKY, Hermtags. Ky?, 1889
Reg. $1.50 S1.1R bottle
Regr. $9.00 9%.1O railon
The highest standard of ryes.
CORN, Choice Hew Eastern , !
Reg. 12>4c 10c caa
Re;. ».33 f 1.15 doz
PINEAPPLE, Sliced. Reg. 25c 2Cccan
' Tou will need tt for your New Tear's
Punch. ' -
GENUINE FRENCH CLARET, extra Talus
Pontet Canet. doz. quarts ST.BO
St. Julien. dor. quarts *<i.6O
St. Eatephe, doz. quarts i»3^>O
Imported In casks from. the well known
house of J. Mlchaelsen & Cie, Bor-
deaux. Bottled and labeled by us with
original label and rap.
Extensive line of French Claret. Bur-
gundy, S.iuterne and Oerman Rhine and
Mosel "Wines.
PRUNES. Itillaa. ReT.I21e Ib 3 lbs 25c
This season's— large size.
BEER, "Rlenzl"—
-',*..' Reg;. $2.<3 doa qtt «2.1O .
Reg. $1.50 doz pts $1.35
Erewed In Rochester. N. Y.. of the fin-
est Imported hops.
CHAMPAGNE, "Paul Masscn"
•» ' '1 ¦ Case 1 doz— qts SIO.OO bot f 1«%O
Case 2 doz— pta $18.00 bot 90c
The pride of California. Positively the
best American Champagne. Compares
favorably with any Imported.
CHERRIES IN MARASCHINO, French
Regr. 70c 60c large bottle
APETIT SILD (Boneless Anchovies)
Res;. 20c 15c can
ROCK AND RYE WHISKY •
Re?, n.00 83c bottle
Curo for cold and coughs. A pleasant
drink.
ARRAC PUNCH, Realy for Use
Res;. $1.00 85c bott!» V
We carry a full line of Swedish. French
and German punches.
COFFEE •'Acorn" (Elchel)
Re;. XSo SOo n> packac*
For torpid liver, dyspepsia aad Indiges-
tion.
C\(l IDC Nwr holiday goods of all leading
WlUAnO imported and Key Weat brands
from tl.I3 to W per box.
Just Arrived Again— Finnan Haddles.
¦*»«»^^^^%' <^'*<s»'*»^^^^'^4f
ivtmir DR. JORDAN'S amzAti
#MUSEUH OF ANATOHY#
§ & IQQiUSXZI 3?. tot &»?.&, SJ.Cti.)
\ -Sf Tho Largest Anatomical Museum ta tb« \
A sZUzPe***. W( "'<1- w eaksetu* or i» contracted A
T fflErS/l «'»««• s»»IM»»ly««r«* by tho okUsc T
& |M^31 s P ecUilitcotJl »-Co«fc EM.36ye>xt. «
$ flS^ft 0R.«80AH-PaiYATE DISEASES #
\ I Vl&foa frw> tod strictly prtnto. \
6 M J^yiH l!!. l:me^ t P er » on » l| y «» br ««ter. a A
A9i fir w ntefer Book. raiLO«Ur«V,f A
w ¦ f M* :«*uaiAtt, mailbo rasa, iat
A Q Li' »«' u »'>i« book for m»aj \
9 OB. XOBDAH A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. g. W
o<sv^'^i^^^'<4^^*^^«^^
HssT«BHflaV sV ' aUS sbISp^^*^s2w3
£.' ¦ a* SL 9«bW ssi IV •fjsHb.^^sVQ
E|^^ JM rTJ^iB3|l3 "Hissm^ss»srJ^srP^ssnB*S ll srt*sB MAfter the age. of 60 the- brain losesraa
.ounce every tea^ years, - - ' - - •
The builders of th© Swiss Tillage at the
Paris Exposition, lost t8QO,00QJ>j)j their an-
Cousin of Wounded Han Claims tha
Shooting Was Done by Two
White Men*.
A Chinaman named Gee Gonjf was
brought to the Receiving Hospital about
midnight suffering from a gunshot wound
in the left thigh. The shooting occurred:
in front of the Chinese Consul's house on
Dupont street. . " . . . '
Gong refused to say anything about the
affair, but a Chinaman claiming to be a
cousin of the wounded man said Gonp
was attacked by two white men, one of
whom flrert the shot. The wound Is not
a serious one. With their usual taciturn
ity, the Mongolians refused to talk other
than to speak of the white men doing the
shooting. The wounded man is supposed
to be a cook.
CHINESE SHOT IN FRONT
OF THE CONSUL'S HOXTSE
tNETW YORK. Dec. 26.— It became known
to-day j through a reoort made by the
Baptist churches 'of New York,' that John
D. Rockefeller Jr., son' of the president
of the Standard Oil Company., has sub
scribed 5230.000 for the founding of an in^
stltutlon ' of learning , for • poor boys and
girls. The school is now In course of erec
tion, on Tenth -avenue, between* Forty
seventh and Forty-eighth . streets, and
will be ¦ completed and ready for •• occu
pancy ..by March 1 next. • # _
to Found New Institution.
President Subscribes $250,000
Son of; the Standard Oil Company's
ROCKEFELLER'S GIFT FOR
SCHOOL FOR THE POOR
PUEBLO, Colo.; Dec. 26. — The new-
Rocky Mountain Smelter at Florence, for
ty miles up the Arkansas River, was fired
up to-day and -began' operations. With
this addition the Arkansas Valley of Colo
rado is the greatest center of metalliferous
reduction works in America, ¦ there being
a string of reduction plants extending from
Leadvllle to Pueblo. The new smel
ter cost $750,000. Most of the capital came
from" the East. The works start with a
capacity of 600 tons of ore a day. but
this is to be doubled - during next year.
The ores treated will come mostlyfrom
Cripple Creek, Leadvllle and Silver Cliff.
First Time.
Fires Lighted in the Furnaces for the
NEW SHELTER STAB.TS.
WICHITA, Kans.. Dec. 26.-rA dispatch
received here to-day from Ardmore,
Chickasaw nation, states that the Indian
policeman, Hamp Willis, rounded up the
Wells-Fargo express office early yester
day, morning, and finding twenty jugs of
Christmas whisky consigned to citizens
from friends In Texas, took them into his
possession and emptied them Into the gut
ter. The previous night he made a similar
raid and found forty jugs, which, he
smashed. He boasted that Ardmore would
have a dry Christmas, and he kept his
vwrd. The Wells-Fargo Company will
take the matter to the Interior Depart
ment^' ;
mas,< and Did So.
Boasted That He "Would Make Ard-
more a "Dry Town" on Christ-
INDIAN POLICEMAN
SPELLED THE WHISKY
Died from wounds received In action — Decem
ber 10, Company G, Thirty-ninth Volunteer In
fantry, Martin I* Patherman; December 17,
Company H, Signal Corps, U. S. A., Corporal
CLarles A. Wilson.
All other causes— December 15. Company F.
Twenty-fourth Infantry. Pomp I>unkerson; De
cember 12, Company H. Forty-fourth Volunteer
Infantry, William E. Bell; December 15. Troop
A, Eleventh Volunteer Cavalry, Sergeant
Charles C. Crane: Company E, Forty-ninth Vol
unteer Infantry. Charles Bruxton; December 5),
Troop B, Third Cavalry. Henry A. Hall; De
cember 19, Forty-eighth Volunteer Infantry.
Sergeant Major Wooten R. Bernathy: Novem
ber 28 Company B, Twenty-first Infantry.
Michael F. Dlffy. MACARTHUR.
Drowned— December IS. Battery A. Sixth Ar
tillery. Frank Lowe; December 15, Company
I, Fifteenth Infantry, Howard L. Garroa; No
vember 28, Company E. Fortieth Volunteer In
fantry, Stephen F. Holmes.
Killed' by accident — Target practice. Decem
ber IS, Company K, Third Infantry, John Beg
ley. .
Surgical shock— Aygust 26. Company F, For
ty-third Volunteer Infantry, William E. Den
nis.
Malarial fever— December 13. Company C.
Thirty-sixth Volunteer Infantry. Alfred H.
Bolton: December 15. Company C. Thirty-third
Volunteer Infantry, William J. Wright.
Variola — December 14. Company B. Forty
eighth Volunteer Infantry, Thomas Love;
Company G, Forty-eighth Volunteer Infantry,
Edward Clarke.
MANILA, Dec. 26.— Adjutant General. 'Wash
ington: Following deaths have occurred since
last report:
Dysentery-rDecember 11, Company K. Thirty
eighth Volunteer Infantry. Edward A. Senny;
December 18. Company D, Fifteenth Infantry.
Corporal George r>. Hozak; December 14. Com
pany A. Thirteenth Infantry, John Pettry; De
cember 13, Troop G, Eleventh Cavalry, William
Ij. Stone Jr.; December 15, Company B, Forty
first Infantry. Edward L. Vanburx: December
19. Company K, Third Infantry. David J. Par
cell; December 20. Company M, Thirty-ninth
Infantry. George J. Itehm; Company H, Forty
nlnth Infantry, Steven I*. Delta.
Diarrhoea— December 7, Company P, Forty
seventh Volunteer Infantry, Edward F. Fletch
er. ¦
\ WASHINGTON, Dec. 26J-General Mac-
Arthur's latest casualty list is as follows:
port of Casualties.
General MacArthur Sends Latest Re-
LIST OP SOLDIER DEAD.
CTT A T.T.TTTrfVF-R. SUFFERS
FILOM BEGENT STORM
Vessel Spoken South-west of Columbia
Bivcr With. Masts Broken and
Sails Torn to Shreds.
PORT TOWNSEXD. Wash.. Dec 26.-
Another victim of the recent rales was
reported here tc~<lay by Captain Grade
of ' the British ship Falkland, arriving
last night. The unfortunate craft is the
ehlp Challenger. CapUin Anderson, from
Oyster Harbor. B. C. to Kahulul, and is
out twenty-nine days.
According to Captain Grade, while 150
miles southwest of the Columbia River
on December 19 he epoke a vessel with
broken masts and sails torn to shreds.
The vessel hoisted the signal letters J S
IC D &nd from thos« it was learned to-day
that the unfortunate craft was the Chal
lenger. She was running under Jib, her
mafntopmast and lower topmast had been
carried away and the rigging was badly
twisted. Captain Grade eays that as the
weather was moderating at that time th«
Challenger in all probability will be able
to make port.
HIGGINS COMMITTED
TO AN HJ-SA1TE ASTTLTJM
Man Who Murdered His Mother and
a Workman Found to Be
Mentally Deranged.
LOS ATCGELES. Dec. 26.— Edward V.
Higglns, the demented young rancher who
on the morning of December 4 murdered
his aged mother, Mrs. Anna Hlgglns, and
their man-of-all-work. William Sheehan,
at theJr ranch In Coldwater Canyon, was
this afternoon tried for insanity by a lun
ecy commission. His demeanor was quiet
and respectful, but his answers to ques
tlcns were vagne, rambling and some
times absurd. The commission, after
hearing the evidence, decided to send Ilig
gins to the asylum.
One of the examining physicians declared
that the man Is undoubtedly insane and
has the delusion about the transformation
of bodJes firmly fixed in his disordered
mind. There is said to be little hope that
he can ever recover bis normal condition
of mind.
POTTS IS EXONERATED
BY OOBOITEB'S JUEY
George Parker's Death Caused by a
Hemorrhage and Mot Due to
Blows Administered.
WILLOWS. Dec. 26.— At an inquest held
last evening over the body of George Par
ker, who died early yesterday morning
fhortly after an encounter with Deputy
Sheriff Potts, the Jury returned a verdict
v «ron«-rating Potts from all blame In the
ieffair. They found that deceased ha<J
romo to his death from a hemorrhage
cauvr-d by overexertlon. The testimony of
L- Tooley; county physician, possibly did
wore to influence the jury to bring in this
verdict than anything else. He testified
that he had performed an autopsy on the
body and found no concussion of the
brain, but found a blood vessel near the
heart broken. He declared the blows on
the head did not cause death, but death
resulted from a rupture of the blood vea-
BtL
Ben Lee Is Safe.
TACOMA. Dec. 2G.— The British ehlp
i^en Lee. Captain Hunter, arrived this
raorning, eixty-four days out from Santa
Rosalia. The Ben Lee has required over
two months for a voyage that ordinarily
occupies . but little over two weeks. Re
ports have repeatedly reached here that
r rrfe had foundered in the storm. At the
tim© of her arrival £h« yraa quoted., at
tWrty-flya per cent. ' *i^vj
WICKERSHAM CASE
MTJST BE TRIED
Judg« Burnett Hands Down Opinion
Denying Motion of Plaintiff
for a Dismissal.
SANTA ROSA. Dec 26.-Judge Burnett
to-day handed down an opinion In the
Cora Wickersham vs. Fred A. Wicker
sham case, denying the motion of the
plaintiff to dismiss the action brought to
set aside the $2S,000 agreement alleged to
have been made between the late Frank
P. Wickersham, in which he relinquished
all his right and title to his father's and
mother's estates. The arguments on this
point were presented on briefs by the
respective counsel a few days ago and
the following is Judge Burnett's opinion:
"The court undoubtuily possesses the
Inherent power to dismiss the action ton
motion as contended by plaintiff's coun
sel, but a different procedure is contem
plated by ' the provisions of the code. It
provides that an action may be dismissed
by the plaintiff himself, by written re
quest to the clerk who filed the papers
at any time before trial, upon payment of
costs, provided a counter claim has not
been made or affimatlve relief sought by
the cross complaint or answer of the de
fendant. Subdivisions 3, 4, 5 and 6 provido
for the dismissal of the action by the
court. The case at hand does not como
within any of said subdivisions.
"As I understand the matter affirmative
relief Is sought by the cross complaint
and answer of the defendant, although
in my opinion the cross complaint fails
to state a cause of action. There Is a
prayer, however, for affirmative relief
and an attempt, though insufficient to
Justify It by an allegation of adequate
facts. In view of the attempt to state a
cause of action, after reading briefs of
counsel. I am not prepared to say that the
action to dismiss should be granted. The
result sought by the plaintiff, of course,
can be reached by a demurrer, unless It
Is possible to bo amend the cross com-,
plaint as to obviate the objections that
have been made to it. I shall not deter
mine that question until it Is regularly
presented. The motion to dismiss is de
nied." " v -
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Commissioned and Ap
pointed, Patents Granted.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 25.— Postmasters
commissioned: California; — Gilbert Van
Gordon. Cambria.
Oregon— Margarette Haraldson, Mirth.
Appointed: Washington — Olive B.
Munks, Fidalgo, Skagit County, vice
Henry C. Barkhousen, resigned; Louise
Polio, Port Ludlow, Jefferson County,
vice Sarah L, Attridge, resigned; George
W. Richey, Port Stanley, San Juan Coun
ty, vice Elwood Ambler, resigned; Har
riet S. Mumford, Salkum, Lewis County,
vice Kllzabeth Orrahood, resigned.
The Comptroller of the Currency has au
thorized the First National Bank of Ful
lerton. Cal., to begin business with a capi
tal of $50,000.
Patents issued to-day: John A. Alro
quist, San Francisco, saw clamp; Perkins
H. Bagley, Alazneda. 6mokelesa furnace
for Eteam boilers; Charles W. Brewster,
Elrronte, violin support; Arthur B. Dow
dell, St. Helena, apparatus for aging
wines or liquors; Daniel Eisner, San Fran
cisco, assignor one-half to J. J. Justice,
New York, folding bed; Lizzie - C. Fay,
Pasadena, matchbox; Frederick W.
French, Boston, cultivator shovel; John
K. C. Hobbs, San Francisco, butter box;
Jaxnes McCartney. San .Francisco, cook
ing stove: Arthur MrCollum. San Jose,
support for bicycles; Samuel McLaughlin.
Los -Angeles, photoengravers* . printing
frame; Charles E. Perry, San Francisco,
assignor to Perry Combination Frog and
Switch Company of California, automatic
frog; Patrick H. Reardon. San Francisco,
tripod; Francis J. Richmond, San Fran
cIbco. cornet.
Washington— Solomon C. Hitchcock,
Tacoma, spring seat attachment; Michael
Smith, Asotin. cultivator and harrow.
Oregon— John W. Gay. Sodaville. bed for
railway tracks; Ludvig Grantstrom and
R. B. McDonald, McMlnnville, wrench;
John F. Wallace, Ashland, device for pro
venting cows from kicking. .,
legislators at San IMegt>.
SAN DIEGO, Dec 26.— In response to an
invitation from the Chamber of Com
merce, a party of members of the Legis
lature from Southern California counties
arrived In thls~cl£y to-night for the pur
pose of meeting representative citizens
here and discussing legislation needed for
this part of the State. The party Includes
C. W. Pendleton, Frank James and Fred
M. Smith. Los Angeles; C. F. Merrltt,
Santa Barbara; D. W. Hasson, Buena
Park; A. S. Mlllce, Riverside; C. M. Simp
pon, Passadena; C. J. H. Bennico, Ontario..
The visiting members of the Legislature
will meet at the Normal School to-mor
row for a conference. There will also be
an excursion around the bay.
Increase in Wages.
VALLEJO, Dec. 26.— The report of the
Board of - Wages.- fixing the rate "of pay
for workmen at Mare Island Navy Yard,
has been approved by the authorities at
Washington and' forwarded back to the
cavy yard. It gives a substantial raise
of pay to fourteen different trades.' It
goes Into effect on January 1 and will pre
vail for the ensuing six months.
Accidental Death.
BAN RAFAEL, Dec. 26.— The Inquest
held here to-day . upon the body of Law
rence Welch, which was found a few. days
ago In the bay near Sausalito. resulted in
the jury returning; & verdict. of accidental
teats.'' " ¦ — >-^;,
PETALUMA, Dec. 26.— No prettier
bride has graced a Christmas in
Petaluma than Miss Mattie
Wiers, whose marriage to Daniel
Melehan took place at St. Vin
cent's Church, as announced in yester
day's Call. Mrs. Melehan is the third
BARDS TO ERECT
MEMORIAL HOSPITAL
Handsome Building Will Be Con
structed and Eventually Pre
sented to the City of
Ventura.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, Dec. 26.— Dr. C. L. Bard,
supported by his brother. United States
Senator Thomas R. Bard, will erect in
this city a large hospital in memory of
their mother, Elizabeth Bard. a
This afternoon a deal was consummated
whereby the quarter of a block at the cor
ner of Poll and Fir streets was acquired
from K. P. Grant for a consideration of
$3000. The hospital will be a three-story
structure. It will be equipped with all tho
modern and best obtainable appliances.
The hospital when completed will cost
about $15,000. It will be open to all regu
lar physicians and surgeons. This will be
one of the features of the proposed instlr
tution.
This hospital will eventually be pre
sented to this city. Senator Bard . came
to this county in 1864. Dr.' Bard has been
practicing medicine in this county since
1868. He was formerly president of the
California State Medical Society.
Mrs. Metson Files Suit for Revocation
of the Probate of the "Will
CT.ATTYTS THE ESTATE -
OF LATE JOHN H. OPFER
Submitted.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 26.— Mary Jose
phine Metson, wife of Attorney W. H.
Metson of San Francisco, has filed a pe
tition In the Superior Court of this coun
ty f6r the revocation of the probate of
the will of John Henry Opfer, who died
December 1, 1899, and also for the revoca
tion of the letters of administration
granted to Public. Administrator S. B.
Smith on tho ground that a later will has
been found.
The petitioner states that there Is no
next- of kin, and that she Is the sole de
visee. The estate Is said to consist of
personal property amounting to 525,000.
Letters of administration, with will an
nexed, were granted the Public Admin
istrator December 29, 1899. The will ad
mitted to probate was dated October 1,
1880, and gave all the property to Opfer's
sister, Anna Katharlna Schler, living in
Auchbaugh. Germany. Reuben Kerchival
was named as executor. Mr. Kerchival
died some eight years ago. '
The Opfer estate Is about ready for
distribution and Public Administrator
Smith had planned to submit his final ac
count within a week or so.
The sister to whom reference ¦was made
in the will probated died before Opfer and
left no children. Two people somewhere
In the East, who claim to be a nephew
and niece, have recently filed a claim to
the estate. Mrs. Metson, who files the
petition, is the daughter of Reuben Ker
chival. Opfer, It appears, lived with Ker
chival for some time prior to his death.
At the time of the probate of the will
now on file It was asserted that another
will had been made, but a search failed
to bring it to light.
Thieves Visit a Clubhouse.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 26.— The Sainte Claire
Club on St. James and Second streets, the
home of society's bachelors, was robbed
last night. The thieves were evidently
scared away before they completed their
work, as only the lower floor, was gone
through. This section was • thoroughly
ransacked. A desk was broken open and
$12 50. taken. Heavy sliver plate and other
valuables were overlooked. If the bed
chambers upstairs had been reached the
booty would have reached hundreds of
dollars 'in cash, besides valuable Jewelry,
as the club Is the home of many men of
•wealth. Entrance was effected by break-
Ing a lock on the back door.
Rusk Must Go to Mexico.
TUCSON, Ariz., Dec. 26.— Willie Rusk,
the wife-murderer and fugitive from Mex
ican Justice, will be 'delivered 'over to the
Mexican authorities. He was brought to
Tucson upon a writ of habeas corpus,
but Judge Davis decided that the State
Department ¦ had acted In the matter . in
Issuing a warrant for his extradition and
he could not Interfere in the matter. Rusk
¦will be taken to Nogales to-morrow and.
delivered to the Mexican officials, who are
awaiting his arrival in Nogales. He will
be tried In the courts of the Magdalen
district of Mexico.
Handsome Residence Destroyed.
SANTA MONICA, Dec. 26.— At an early
hour . this ! morning tho residence of • Rob
ert F. Jones was completely destroyed by
fire. The house . was occupied by a care
taker at the time, Mr. Jones and family
being in Los Angeles for the Winter. " The
Fire Department ., responded promptly : to
the alarm and neighbors ~ gave their as
sistance, but the house and contents, val
ued at 5S000. besides containing many ar
ticles of bric-a-brac ¦ which could not be
replaced, were, a total loss. There was
$6000 insurance. The origin of the fire is a
mystery. \- ¦
Body Identified.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 26.— The body, of
the man who was struck and killed last
night by a traction car baa been identified
as that of W. D. Anderson, a bartender
In the employ of Henry Kearney, 1716
East Seventeenth street.-* Deceased was
unmarried ¦ and, so far as known,- had no
relatives here.
Big Fire at Calgary.
CALGARY, N.-W.'.T., Dec. 26,-The most
destructive fire in the history of Calgary
raged , to-day and wrought damage esti
mated • at i $100,000. Several of the • finest
business -structures . were . destroyed,
among them being tho Clarence and JEau
i Clalrq flgfl thp fteiy.ffonnan Moeky ,
/ LONDON, 5 Dec. ¦ 27.-^Jules Riviere,- a fa-.
' —^
. DENVER!' Dec. 26.— Alderman Martin D.
Currigan died at | his ' home here this even-
Ing of blood poisoning.' the' result of a fall
from his. buggy on election day. Mr. Cur
rigan has been prominent In Denver as a
building . contractor and • Democratic pol
itician for thirty-two years.
James Young.
SACR*AMENTO, Dec. 26. —James Young,
for.many;years'manager.of the" late B. R.
Crocker's v storehouae - and other • enter
prises, . was ¦ found dead < in his apartments
this morning. Death. was probably due to
heart disease.^ He was 63 years of age.
-'.' '— — ? — r— "•¦'' -¦¦¦¦ - >'
A. H. Pearce.
GALVESTON, Tex., Dec. 26.— A. - H.
Pierce,"' the rich ca ttleman .! d led^ tr>-^a-«- : p ?
Pierce Station.*" He ¦ was .- many : times a
millionaire, and had a large variety of
Interests in Texas.
- ¦'¦*;¦-' 0t .
Jules 1 Riviere.
Martin D." Currigan.
DENVER, Dec. 26.— Joseph M. Barry, a
well-known newspaper man of this city,
died this evening at St. Joseph's Hospital
of consumption.. Mr. Barry, came to Den
ver in 1892 ; from Boston, on account of
lung trouble. : Having, as he thought; fully
recovered his heaRh about three years
ago he went to . San Francisco s^fid was
sent by one of the newspapers of that city
to Alaska. A year ago he returned to
Denver, badly broken in health, and has
been constantly failing' ever since. He
leaves a wife. - - ¦' _ . ¦
Rev. Fidilis D. Vogt.
TRENTON, N. J., Dec. 26.— Rev. FIdills
D. Vogt, formerly Catholic chaplain of
the New Jersey State Prison, died at St.
Francis Hospital- to-day of apoplexy,
aged 45.* Father Fldilis was a member of
the Order of Minor Conventuals and be
sides ; being '¦ stationed * at Trenton . had
served • as ¦ rector., at the Lady of Angels'
Church' «In Albany .and 1 St. . Joseph's
Church In : tJtlca. . He ; had been at the
Hospital for some months..
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Joseph M. Barry.
Hereafter Will Have Three Passen
ger Trains Flying 1 to
Chicago. '
CHICAGO, DecN 26.Tr-Beglnnlng to-mor
row the Santa Fe will have three passen-
Ker trains in the ¦ Chicago-California ser
vice. The "California Limited." which
has been run three times a week between
Chicago and Los Angeles and San Fran
cisco, .will be operated dally, and the
"Overland," which has been run daily be
tween this city and San Francisco, will be
split, one section running between here
and Los Angeles and the other between
here and San Francisco. The "Limited"
will depart from Chicago at 2 p. m., arriv
ing at Los Angeles at 8:30 a, m., coast
t : me, on the third day . out. and at San
Francisco nine. and. one-half hours iater.
Posed as the Cardinal Bishop of
Washington and Asked Alms
to Convert Indians.
PARIS, Dec. 26.— The Appeal Court has
confirmed the sentence of five years' im
prisonment imposed on an ingenious
swindler named Goffray, who posed In
clerical circles here in April last as "Car
dinal Bishop of Washington," soliciting
funds to convert . the young Indians of
New Mexico.
Several times' Goffray succeeded In cele
brating mass, and once was nearly ar
rested when on the point of celebrating
mass at Strasburg. Finally he appeared
at Montelimar. In the Department of
Drome, where he lectured to the Trapplst
monks on his terrible adventtires in the
Rocky Mountains, where, he said, he was
scalped by the Indians to whom he was
preaching the gospel. The fraud was dis
covered by ' Goffray pretending that the
Indians of the Rocky Mountains were Es
quimaux.
SANTA FE IMPROVES
ITS CALIFORNIA SERVICE
INGENIOUS SWINDLER
» ARRESTED IN PARIS
LOS ANGELES. :D*c. 26.— There were
two unsuccessful attempts at suicide here
to-day^ A woman supposed to be Mrs.
Ada Robinson engaged a room at 419'^
South Main street last night and this
morning was found unconscious, the room
full of gas and the indications pointing
to her having opened the jet with suicidal
intent. Nothing is known of her except
that she came here recently from Plru
City, Cal.. and her nusband is supposed
to be in Mazatlan, Mexico.
Annie Costa of 636 New High street,
swallowed some drus 1 as yet unknown,
but believed to be morphine, and was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
the prompt use of the stomach pump
saved her life.
Mrs. Robinson Is also at the Receiving
Hospital, and though still in a stupor it
IS believed she wili recover.
Mrs. Robinson Turns on Gas and An
nie Costa Swallows Poison at
Los Angeles.
TTWO WOMEN ATTEMPT
TO ENT> THEIR LIVES
MONTGOMERY, Ala,, Dec. 26.— W. /J, s am .
ford, .who was elected Governor of 'Alabama in
November/but has been too ill since.to assume
the : duties of his <¦ office, ' reached - here « to-day
from his home in Opellka and' filed; a declara
tion of ¦ recovery = with ; the | Secretary of I State
required . by ; a , recently > enacted . law.'. During
the ; Governor's Illness President of tho Senate
i BRYAN, Ohio, : Dec/ 26.— While Wayne Crow
ell, . aged ' 24, ) and ¦ Charles : Canan." aged 21, were
crossing .. the ; Wabash Railroad ',-' tracks near
Blakeslee last night on their way to a Christ
mas . dance, they ¦ were " struck by > a ; passenger
train and Instantly ¦• killed. :••¦ Mrs., Canan • wan"
notified . of ; the accident and : the shock caused
her: death. "¦ :.¦.¦"-' ¦¦', '¦ ' •. • - -¦ ..-
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— A plan of recruit
ing sailors for the United States navy from the
farms v and' country, towns . is now; under con
sideration : at t the Navy : Department. The re
cruiting now Is : carried ' outside ' of : the largo
cities, but it has not reached. the interior sec
tions , remote ¦; from ; large • centers."- .
SALT LAKE. Dec. . 26.— The Rio Grande
, Western i has . ordered - 500 -, freight cars, which
will Increase the capacity- of the.freight.equip
ment J about : 160,000 tons. - Part of these cars
will . be built '; by the : Pressed Steel Car . Com
pany and some by the' American Car and
Foundry - Company. . ; <.;¦_.
WASHINGTON, , Dec. 26.— Indian Agent My
ton of the^ Uintah and - Ouray : agency reports
to the Indian ; Bureau , here that the search ' of
Western Colorado by the ¦: State officials for
Indians hunting in the . State has resulted in
a failure to find one Indian.;
SOUTH NORWALK, Conn.. Dec. 28.— John
Kelley, . sged 13, ¦ and Willie Hull, aged 10.
were drowned last night while skating on the
Union Mills , Pond at Norwalk. Kelley broke
through . the Ice and Hull, In trying to save
him,- also perished.
BOSTON. Dec. 26.— The estate of the late
Roger 3 Wolcott represents, according: to the
Assessor's ¦ book . of ¦ Boston* and Milton, about
$246,000, The real value would be much more
than that amount. ' . ¦
NEWS BREVITIES.
STOCKTON, Dec. 26.— Mrs. Charles
Yost's house, was last night robbed of all
the Christmas presents received by her
and her husband and also of some pur
chased for others.
During the day a meal was given a beg
gar and In apologizing for the repast Mrs.
Yost Innocently told the fellow that sha
was sorry there was no more, as the fam
ily was going out for the Christmas din
ner and consequently had made no pre
parations. It is believed the beggar took
advantage of this information and robbed
the house.
Acted in Self Defense.
HADERA, Dec. 26.— John Dennis, the
man who shot and killed William N.
Schilling last Monday, was exonerated by
a Coroner's jury to-day. They found Den
nis had acted in self defense.' ' The testi
mony of Thomas Hensley, an eye-witness
to the shooting, showed that Schilling had
drawn a revolver and pointed it at Den
nis, when the latter discharged both bar
rels of a shotgun at him. Dennis was
released from custody to-day. i&iMM
Mrs. Teitz Charges Three Seattle
Surgeons With Carelessness in~
Performing Operations.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 26— As a result
of the death of Charles Teitz, a laboring
man who died in this city last March after,
undergoing a surgical operation, a suit
brought in the Superior Court by his
widow against the surgeons who attended
him is-now before a jury. Mrs. Mary A.
Teitz, the widow, sues to recover $15,000
from John Witherspoon, G...V. Calhoun
and A. B, Bailey, all prominent practi
tioners, on the ground that had it not
been for wrong methods Teitz would have
recovered.
Teitz was taken ill last March and was
attended by Dr. Witherspoon, who de
cided that an abdominal surgical opera
tion was necessary, as the man's condi
tion was very bad. He performed the
operation and later found that owing to
complications the patient was not recov
ering. Dr. Calhoun and Dr. Bailey were
called and the three performed a second
operation. This proved unsuccessful and
after a short illness Teitz died.
The complaint alleges that the first
operation was performed without the use
of anesthetics, which greatly weakened
the patient. The second operation was
improperly handled In that the anesthet
ics were not given in the best way and
the surgerywas unskillful. Shortly after
this occurrence and after some further
work by the surgeons Teitz expired.
Mrs. Teitz alleges that at the time of
her husband's decease, or up to the time
of his illness, he was constantly emploved
and supported her and their children. She
asks the sum stated for loss of his so
ciety and as damages for the loss of in
come furnished by him.
¦.The answers made by the defendants
are separate and deny the allegations
concerning Improper treatment and sur
gery. •
STOCKTON' HOUSE BOBBED.
SUES PHYSICIAN FOR
HER HUSBAND'S DEATH
Special Dispatch to The Coll. ¦•
PHOENIX, Ariz.,' Dec. 26.— A message
from Chihuahua, capital of the State of
Chihuahua in .Mexico, states that the
Apaches are on the warpath In that Stats
and that the Inhabitants of Granada have
organized to meet the redskins.
The Indians, it is stated, are hidden In
the mountains and robbing isolated ranch
houses and stealing cattle. It Is likeiy
they belong to a part of the tribe which
escaped from the White River reserva
tion several years ago.
Inhabitants of Granada Ars Organiz
ing- and Will Give Battle to
the Marauding Bed
APACHES ROBBING
FARMERS IN MEXICO
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 2S.— A half dement
ed young man named Otto Kromatsky
nearly lost his life this morning by stand-
Ing on the railroad track at Reeds sta
tion, heedless of the» approaching train,
which was stopped barely In time to sava
his life. A 'little while later He repeated
bis performance, causing the differen:
train crews , much anxiety. Complaint
was made and Constable George Agnew
proceeded to the locality and placed him
under arrest. Kromatsky has been In Jail
here often, and always for loitering
around railroad tunnels and tracks ouc
In the country. He is harmless. It is
likely that he will be committed to the
Insane asylum. '
Narrowly Escapes Death.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 26.— The Navy De
partment has directed that the gunboat
Bennlngtoh be repaired In the .Philippines
instead of returning to this country for
that purpose. The Bennlngton has been
found to be one of the moat serviceable
craft in Asiatic waters, owing to her light
draft, so that the department has not
felt warranted in having her make tha
long trip home to undergo repairs.
Gunboat "Will Undergo Repairs in tha
Philippines.
BENNINGTON TO STAY.
In the last week. $5000 has been. raised.
Up to date the fund amounts to $56,50<>,
leaving but $3500 to be raised. The uni
versity ¦will come into the possession of
much valuable real estate in a few years,
and with its present Indebtedness raise:!
its success Is assured for all time to come.
Thousands of dollars are brought to San.
Jose annually by the school, and the busi
ness men and citizens generally have
taken the matter of raising the debt in
hand.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 26.— It Is now quit© cer
tain that the $60,000 needed to pay off the
debt on the University of the Pacific, the
leading Methodist Institution on the coast,
will be raised by the 1st of January. The
citizens' committee having the matter in
charge is meeting with gratifying success.
University of the Pacific Will Soon
Be Eree From Debt.
MONEY IS FLOWING IN.
Bob Oglesby, Who Claimed to Have
Been Held Up, Arrested on the
Eve of His Wedding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 26.— Word was re
ceived here to-night of the arrest of Bob
Oglesby. driver of th© Lakeview stage,
who claimed to have been held up and
robbed near Lakeview last Friday. Oglea
by was caught in the Act of passing a
marked coin which was known to have
been in the mail pouch. Mr. Oglesby is
a young man and heretofore highly re
spected. He was to have been married
this evening to a prominent young lady.
It is said that the evidence against the
accused is quite strong.
A monopoly of th«* gambling shops at
Canton has been granted to a. Chinese
syndicate for 2.000,000 taels In silver/ This*
Is an increase of 800,000 taels. The amount
charged for this privilege was raised by-
Li Hung Chans Just before he started
for Peking with the object of augmenting
the Imperial revenues.
The imperial household department of
Korea has been given 10,000 shares in tha
recently opened Seoul-Fusan Railway.
A terrible accident occurred in the Jap
anese gunpowder works at Kure. Whll»
the powder was being shifted an explosion
occurred, killing seventeen men and In
juring forty.
STAGE-DRIVER ACCUSED
OF BOBBING MAXLPOTTCH
He was granted special privileges, how
ever. One of these permits Russia to In
crease her military strength In Korea and
construct a large fort at the port of Ma
sampho.
TACOMA Wash.. D«c. 26.— To-day's
Oriental advices state that the Russian
Minister to Korea was recently received
In audience by the Korean Emperor,
whereupon the Minister proposed that ha
should have th© privilege of Interfering
in Korea's civil administration with tha
object of Introducing reforms. Also that
negotiations with other powers should be
referred to the Russian Minister before
taking action. The Emperor called a
meeting of his privy council on tha fol
lowing day to consider these bold propo
sals. The Government became very un
easy and In an official communication
asked the Russian. Minister If he was In
earnest In laying them before the Em
peror. The Minister then backed "down,
stating he had no recollection of making
such propositions.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call
Desires the Privilege of Interfering
in Korea's Civil Administration
With the Object of Intro
ducing Ref orms.
LARGE DEMANDS OF
RUSSIAN MINISTER
daughter of Mrs. and the late James
Wiers and Is one of the most popular
young ladies in this section. The groom
Is a prosperous business man. Congratu
lations arid presents, Christmas and
bridal, were showeied. on the young
couple. »
WELL-KNOWN SOCIAL FAVORITES AT PETALUMA, WHO JOINED
HANDS AND HEARTS AT ST. VINCENT'S CHURCH ON CHRISTMAS
DAY.
Whether there Is a woman In the case
or a desire to begin a new life or whether
he met foul play at the hands of some 1 ex
convict or is snowed In In some cabin In
the high Nevada mountains, where he said
he was going to see some mines, time
alone can tell. In the meantime his cot
tage is deserted, his wife Is with friends
in San Francisco and the prison officials
are wondering who is going to do his
work.
Walden was a man of splendid educa
tion obtained in the German universities
and rounded out by a life of study. He
was a civil engineer and expert account
ant, a chemist' and thorough machinist
and a . splendid architect. At the prison
he was invaluable. He drew the plans
and specifications .and superintended the
placing of the machinery in the Jute mill.
It Is believed by others of his friends
that he may have left to begin life anew
in some country where he can bury his
past. Although apparently happy it is
thought that he longed to take this step.
He stayed at San Quentin for years be
cause there he had no explanations to
make. Every one knew the story of his
life. Thus he worked faithfully as a free
man in the prison where he had been pun
ished. It is believed by some that he
tired of his life at last and resolved to
begin life anew in some foreign land, pos
sibly Mexico, a place of which he often
talked.
Rumor, ever busy when fact Is absent,
to-day ascribed several reasons why Wal
den may have gone away. Years ago In
San Joaquin County, when he was fairly
prosperous and enjoyed the confidence of
his neighbors, he suddenly became an em
bezzler. He was arrested, tried and sent
to San Quentin prison. Rumor has it that
his fall from grace was occasioned by too
strong a regard for the fair sex, upon
whom he lavished his own and other peo
ple's money. With an ear to the past
many to-day shrug their shoulders and
hint that wherever .Walden may be If he
did' not leave his happy home for a wo
man one will be discovered somewhere
in the case.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 26.— The mystery
attending the disappearance of C. J. Wal
den from San Quentin prison, where he
had Ween employed for years as an ac
countant, is as far from being solved as
ever. No word or clew has come that
can point to a solution of the mystery.
To-day expert accountant Norman Mc-
Laren arrived at tha prison to commence
the expertlng of Walden's books. Those
familiar, however, with the management
of affairs at the prison and the duties per
formed by Walden do not expect that
anything wrong will be brought to light
as the absent man never bandied any
money. ;
Special Dispatch to The»C«ll
HINTS AT WOMAN; IN THE CASE
Closest Friends Stick to the Theory
That He Is Snowbound in
the Mountains of
• Nevada.
Speculation Regarding Mys
terious Disappearance
ol Walden. .
MAY INTEND
MAKING FRESH
START IN LIFE
SAXTA MONICA, Dec. 26.— Ray Wood
ward and Lee Chambers, full-grown men,
and a boy about 16 years old were out
Christmas afternoon in a Bklff shooting
sea pigeons and were about 200 yard3 off.
the north beach when their boat was
turned Into the trough of the sea and up
set. Guns, coats and everything else in
the boat vanished as well as the men.
When their heads bobbed up Woodward,
who could not swim, began to yell. Cham
bers could swim and might easily have
reached the shore in safety, but would not
desert his drowning companion. He man
aged to hold up and gain an insecure hold
on the slippery bottom of the boat.
The third member of the party struck
out for the beach and reached It. The
struggles of his brothers in misfortune
caused him to ask for assistance from the
large assemblage of . people along the
beach, but not one could be found who
would venture to swim out with a line,
and, exhausted as he was, the boy rustled
up a line and plunged In again with the
Indignant protest. "If you fellows won't, I
will." The spectators were about as much
rattled as Woodward, and when the boy
was* half way o'ut those on the beach who
had hold of the shore end of the line let
go and he had nothing to do but swim
back.
In the meantime Chambers, nearly
ready to go under himself from exhaus
tion, had managed to keep his partner
from drowning, but It was a desperate
struggle. When about ready to sink he
realized the boat had drifted in to where
he could scratch gravel with his toes. The
undertow was clamoring for both men,
but by exerting the little strength still left
in his back and legs Chambers succeeded
In keeping Woodward's head above water
until men waded out and brought them
both in. ¦:•¦-¦.•?¦¦¦•? V
Special Dispatch to The Call
Boat Containing' Three Hunters Cap
sizes Off Santa Monica, but
All Beach Shore in
TRAGEDY NARROWLY AVERTED
Swims to Their Rescue
.When Others Shrink
Back, i
EXHAOSTED BOY
STRIVES TO AID
HIS COMPANIONS
JACKSON. Mich., Dec. 26.— The records
at the State Penitentiary here show that
Henry Green, who has surrendered him
self to the police In Sacramento and con
fessed to a murder and burglary In this
State, " was sentenced from Shiawassee
County in 1878 to six years' imprisonment
for burglary. This tallies with Green's
statement to the Sacramento police.
Chief Sullivan said to-night that all of
his .officers believe in the truth of the
man's original story, and the Chief de
clares that he intends to follow it up to
the end. Green said to-day that he had
used opium, and that his story last night
was something of a pipe dream. However,
It did not so Impress his listeners and the
official belief is that he is recanting . be
cause considerations of personal liberty
have begun to outweigh the Influence of
conscience.
which John Morgan, whom last night he
claimed as his brother, met his death, as
to convince the officers that he had some
guilty knowledge 1 ' of that holdup.
SACRAMENTO,' Dec. 26.— H. Green, the
man who entered the police station last
night and surrendered himself for; the
murder, of Bill Feeney, which he said he
committed in Michigan In 1875, to-day ex
perienced an attack of' "cold feet" with
respect' to that portion of the ' story i al
though sticking to many other features
of his narrative. Indeed, a telegram from
the warden of the Michigan penitentiary
confirms his statement that he served six
years for a burglary committed in that
State. He also • revealed . such minute
knowledge of "the" Yolo train robbery .*ln
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Man Will Be Kept : Under Surveil
lance Until the Matter Is
Sifted to the
Bottom.
PORTIONS OF IT ARE VERIFIED
Sacramento Police, However,
Are Inclined to Believe
the Tale.- i>
GREEN SAYS HIS
STORY OF MURDER
WAS PIPE DREAM
For reasons never made public C. 6.
Reid. Chief of Police, suddenly resigned
a few weeks ojro, and his place is tem
porarily filled by W. L. Meredith, who.
It Is expected, will be given a permanent
appointment. The action of the Chamber
cf Commerce will make it necessary for
Mayor Humes and Chief Meredith to show
whether or not they can or will purify
the moral atmosphere. From expressions
of prominent citizens to-day It Is evident
that a climax has' been reached.
The demand for the ending: of such a
carnival of crime spread from the re
lifrious street organizations to the Min
isterial Unioii the Anti-Saloon League,
the T. M. C. A. and similar associations.
From these which might oppose crime
from a purely religious standpoint the In
fluence penetrated to conservative busi
ness oreanita-tions and social clubs, em
phasized by the very apparent fact that
life Itself was unsafe on Seattle streets
or In downtown resorts after dark.
The returning steamers from Nome
dumped into the city scores of vicious and
notorious criminals and hundreds of desti
tute who, perhaps, were forced to dishon
esty by poverty. Hold-ups, burglaries,
safe-breakings and ehooting scrapes have
followed with Increasing multiplicity.
There have been occasional murders and
numbers of mysterious disappearances.
Gambling runs wide open. A police force
of sixty-five men, working in three shifts,
attempts to cover twenty-eight square
miles within the city limits. On one oc
casion a policeman was actually held
vp and robbed of $100.
A committee of the Chamber of Com
merce was appointed to confer with
Mayor Humes and acting Chief of Police
Meredith to demand the protection of law
abiding people, and to declare that, failing
to secure such protection, the citizens will
take the law in their own hands. The
committee appointed consists of John
Schram. C. J. Smith, former president of
the Pacific Coast Company; Josiah Col
lins, a leading attorney; Wi R. Forrest,
banker, and E. O. Burden, capitalist.
Members of the committee declare that,
failing to secure satisfactory assurance
and performance by the city officers, they
will faVor Schram's plan for vigilantes.
and will call a mass meeting of citizens to
decide on further action. The action of
the chamber to-day places the sanction
cf the best men of the community upon
the fight begun some weeks since "by the
Volunteers of America and the Salvation
Army, who. from their methods, are
brought In direct contact with all the vic
ious elements.
To-day's session of the chamber was one
cf the liveliest ever known In the history
of that organization. There was but one
opinion and that to the effect that some
thing must immediately be done to re
deem the city from the hands of thugs,
highwaymen and burglars that infest it.
But there was some difference of opinion
as to the best method of achieving the
desired result. John Schram, an old pio
neer and leading merchant strongly
urged the formation of a vigilance com
mittee, and granting authority to even'
honest citizen to carry weapons. The
c«nse of the chamber seemed to favor
Schram's plan, but it was thought best
to first take up the matter with the city
authorities, insisting on the enforcement
of existing laws.
SEATTLE. Dec. 26.— The wave of popu
lar indignation over the apparently unre
stricted condition of lawlessness prevail
ing- In this city beginning during the lat
ter months of summer, swept through the
local Chamber of Commerce to-day, and
that conservative body .comprising' several
hundred of the leading business and pro
fessional men cf the city, decided by
unanimous vote to take a hand in the
f 'oppression of vice.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call
Jrequency of Murders, Hold-TJps and
Bobberies Arouses Chamber of
Commerce to
Action.
LIFE AND PROPERTY UNSAFE
Business Men Demand the
Suppression ol Law
less Element.
SEATTLE MAY
HAVE COMPANY
OF VIGILANTES
TBTB SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DBCBMBEK 2T, 19OO.
PRETTY PETALUMA GIRL
IS A CHRISTMAS BRIDE
Congratulations and Costly Presents Shower Upon
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Melehan.
coun
3
DR. KTLMER'S SWAMP-ROOT."
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths*
There Is a disease prevailing !a this
country most dangerous because so decep»
w \ III II EJjLJCA tive. Many sudden
\C$ EHlr 4 * 1 deaths are caused by
it-heart disease,
u^»¥ \&*ir P neumonla » k eart
"j (jSfir Tj -A ure or apoplexy
J IrS^j *nx. r* are °f ten the result
J/^ \\sl of Wdne y dlsease - If
"A if \ J§ I Wdney trouble Is al-
g^j /S^tf iLA Hk c~^ I I lowed to advance tha
•^v — - «vn U j^» Hdney-polsoned
Nib^ "^o^T"" blood wil1 attack tho
—nM«jihu*in. vltr.l organs or tho
kidneys themselves break down and waste
away cell by cell.
Bladder troubles most always result from
a derangement of the kidneys and a cure is
obtained quickest by a proper treatment of
the kidneys. If you are feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to hold urine and scald-
ing pain in passing It, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity of being compelled to
go often during tha day, and to get up many
; times during the night. The mild and tho
extraordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and sold
•by all druggists in fifty-cent and one-dollar
sized bottles. You may f^^-t
have a sample bottle of <?'T 1 35ffSfai;fj'2^»
this wondsrful new dls- f irfS^HilJi sK^^HjHfS^S
covery and a book that ** Ja^a2S*^g^g
tells all about It. both EomeofSwunp-Root.
sent free by mall. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co.
Binghamton, N. Y. When writing mention
reading this generous offer in this paper...The mjan v wh*6 loses money and- acquires
wisdom by, it is a gainer by. the Ioss7
. ;We never . know,', until we I move into ?.
furnished ' flat/, what : cur, neighbor really
thlnks'of :us.. ?; . . -
There, 1b' much to be said on both sides
when two women \ are i tfl.!^^ . over - r tne
back Um» *':*¦;¦•*•¦ .'<•?.¦ ;v-."---.-^..- ,. --.•-•-; ..
An 5ish lecturer, upon being introduced
to his audience, said: "Ladies and gren
tlemen, before I begin to speak I wish to
— v a faw words." ' ¦ ; ' -•¦ "
"Washington; r>ec. ¦ 26.— Details are
not obtainable here of : the placing, of an
order by the' Sultan -with t the Cramps for
a" warship," but: It 'As understood that the
statement' to that effect from Constanti
nople Is correct. From the character and
size of the ship ordered it is believed that
the contract will involve the payment by
the Turkfsh Government to the Cramps of
about i. $2,500,000, which , should ; afford -an
ample margin for the settlement of any
proper claim against, the Turkish Govern
ment.- ¦'¦'' ¦¦- ¦¦ '- ¦¦'¦' ' :': ¦ - : ¦' ¦ '- : ' ' :
PHILADELPHIA, Dec 26.-Charles H.
Cramp said to-day: ."We have received a
cablegram : from .; General . Williams -, In
forming us : of the sigrnins of the contract
with ; the Turkish ..Minister of Marine for
the construction „ of .¦? a \ flrst-class cruiser.
The'; provisions;, of : the contract 1 are not
known,- nor can -I say Just when' work 1 on
the, cruiser .'will begin* or whenlt I3ito be
completed. :', General ,Williams : is . now.; on
his way home and he is expected to arrive
here r in about fifteen days.. .We -will th«;n
be 1 better able ¦ to ¦ linow \ more . about the
contract.'.'., • ¦ , ... ' ¦%¦:¦]
STTLTAN PLACES AN
OBJ>EB WITH CRAMPS
Contract Said to Be for $2,500,000,
Which. Is Ample to Allow for ~
the'Claims.
With such ' a ; famous pair : as Kennedy
and White at the head there is no • rea
son why all the laudable desires of re
form • should '"¦ not . be accomplished. \ Pat
rons of pugilism on the "coast" who lost
confidence • in the^ management - of "af
fairs" .there of 'late -will; doubtless regain
faith in the game after: Kennedy stamps
his personality on contests -he, will "pull
off." It is Kennedy's, intention to bring
together, all ¦ the big heavyweights..- Jef
fries. Corbett; Ruhlin and Maher have al
ready been named '• as , principals in ; pro
posed fistic tbattles. -
"Yes" was; the immediate answer,
The boxing ; game In the city ' by the
Golden Gate has gone from bad to worse,
owing to the blundering of managers and
the unfair and- often worse decisions of
"fixed" referees ; and ' frequently the col
lusion of fighters themselves. The better
class of sporting men on the Pacific Coast
came to the .conclusion that the fistic
game there "heeded some such man ¦ as
Jim Kennedy to put it on its feet again
and make it as popular and profitable as
In the earlier day3 when* San Francisco
was the mecca of fighters the world over.
.When Kennedy, was asked to take charge
by San Francisco sports he wired back:
"May I bring, my own referee?*' .v.
Kennedy will, have with him to assist
in the reformation Charley White, the
famous . referee, whose reputation .as a
fair and square ring official is Interna
tional. ' .
NEW YORK, Deo. 27.— The Journal
says: "Jim" Kennedy, the well-known
promoter of sports of this city, ' is to re
form and uplift ' pugilism, in San Fran
cisco. >-'*¦* J.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Noted Sports to Figure in
San Francisco Pugilistic
Game.
KENNEDY AND
WHITE COMING
Injured Brakeman Dies.
Brakeman August Anderson, who was
Injured at Port Costa on the 22d Inst
died yesterday at the Railroad Hospital
n this city. The accident occurred on
the ferryboat Solano. Two sections of a
train were being placed aboard the boat
and Anderson. In watching one section!
failed to take notice of the approach of
the other. He was struck and knocked
down, the cars passing over and mang
ling both legs. The unfortunate man was
removed to the company's hospital and
both legs amputated. He was on the road
to recovery when pneumonia set In, result
, r, nl3 " eatn - Anderson was a native
of Sweden. 52 years of age. and married.
His body was taken to th« morgue.
Brady 'Denies That the Jeffries-Ruh
.' v ; lin Fight Is Declared Off.
' NEW YORK, . Dec. 26.— Relative • to l the
story printed here to-day that William A.
Brady had announced that the Jeffnes-
Ruhlln fight at Cincinnati had 'been called
off," 1 Mr. Brady, said to-night that *lt was
absolutely ; untrue. * He stated that .he
never said anything that would lead to
such a suggestion, and ' that the ¦ fight
would come off as previously arranged.
Roeber to Meet Pons.
, NEW YORK, , Dec. 26.— Ernest Roeber
champion wrestler of America/and Paul
Pons. - the - F.rench champion ¦ who were
matched on December 17 , to wrestle for
the championship of. the world, will meet
in • their contest on the night . of - Wednes
day, February, 6. ; at , Madison Square
Garden. >. . .' • - >¦
wnx surely meet.
Newly Cast Metal Keel Is Being Un
covered. \
BRISTOL, R. I., Dec. 26.— The work of
uncovering the lead keel for^the new cup
defender,. which is In process of construc
tion here, was begun : , t to-day.' A. large
amount of clay, had been banked .'around
the keel mold to keep It from spreading
during the cooling of the lead, and much
work will be necessary to remove this.
The next step will be cleaning and trim
ming up the keel. Work on the angle Irons
for the smaller frames at bow and stern
is progressing rapidly, as Is the boring of
bolt holes" In the bronze plates for the
hull. The large angle irons for the mid
ship section are expected to arrive to
night and the work of setting . up; the
boat's frame will be commenced as soon
as the keel is ready.
WORK ON THE DEFENDER.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 26.— Sensational
evidence was. adduced to-day at the Cor
oner's Inquest over the body of the late
millionaire Frank Richardson, who was
shot and killed by some person, -as yet
unknown, in the hallway of his home In
Savannah, Christmas eve.
Frank Richardson Jr., the 14-year-old
son of the victim, testified that his father,
at the store of Richardson & Fife, in
quired if Mrs. . Richardson was at* a cer
tain Christmas entertainment. The boy
paid she was, not. and then his father
asked him to go home and see if she was
there. But as the boy demurred his father
went instead, and a few minutes later
he was found dead. Stewart Fife. 1 Mr.
Richardson's business partner, said Mr.
Richardson had accused him of being un
duly Intimate with Mrs. Richardson. This
accusation was made four months ago.
The Inquest was adjourned until Friday,
when the widow will testify.
Sensational Testimony by the Young
Son of Murdered Mil
* lionaire.
HUSBAUD DOUBTED THE .
FIDT.T.TTY Of HIS "WIPE
The Reliance Club has attained a high
reputation for its manner of conducting
glove contests. ;The directors demand ab
eolute fairness, and no bout is, under any
consideration, permitted to reach the
stage of brutality. Tbe attitude of the
board has attracted Ihe attention of the
best exponents of the ring.
The next boxing 1 night at the Reliance
Club will be held January 8. Tommy Cox,
the Australian featherweight, and George
Baker, who fought a draw with Tom
Herman, have been matched for a fifteen
round go. Baker says he trained, too fine
ly for the Herman fight, and he -Is looking
for an opportunity for another showing.
The. West Oakland Athletic Club will
give its monthly tournament Friday even
ing. There will be one four-round fight
and two ten-round contests for decisions.
George Curran and George Watson, and
George Fuller and Jim Little are matched
for the heavier goes* George Ingersoll. of
Oakland and J. Smith of San Francisco
will make the four-round fight. Several
preliminaries are on the programme.
Among the club affairs for January is a
ladles', night" at the Reliance Club, the
date to be fixed later.
Boxing enthusiasts are Interested In the
effort which Is being made for a match at
the Reliance Club between Otto Crlbb. the
Australian who easily defeated Frank
McConnell In San Francisco, and
Charles Thurston of the San Francisco
Athletic Club. Manager Harting ha«
expressed the desire that the fight be held
at the Reliance Club. Within -a few days
a decision vill be reached in the matter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
7< ¦ 1118 Broadway, Dec. 28.
The Cribb-Thurston Contest
May Be Held in
Oakland.
RELIANCE CLUB
WANTS IHE FIGHT
Probable Winners.
First race — Opponent, Snips, "Walkenshaw.
Second race— Parmenion, Ulloa, Royal Prize.
reserved.)
Sixth race— Five and a half furlongs; maiden
two-year-old colts and geldings:
1420 Immodell 108 1514 Grayletto 108
1514 L'b of the Law.105 El F"onso 105
1514 Haralamb 105 Straight Shot..l05
1474 Spindle 105 1300 Cambaceres ...108
1529 Jjong Tom 105 1341 Tola 105
$41 Slap Dash 105 1550 Follow Me 105
(Cbpvrlghted, 1900, by W. A. Martin. All rights
Fifth race— Mile and a quarter; three-year
olds and up; telling:
1534 Locochee ......1071 1540 Owensboro ....101
.... Blr Rolla 104 1547 Lothian 107
1547 Imperious 104> 1536 Koenlg 104
1G35 Morinel 101 1535 Topmast 107
133) La Borgia 92
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 26.— Weather
fine; track fast. Results:
One mile, selling 1 — Jessie Jarboe won,' Eugenie
.8 second, Zanetto third. Time, 1:42%.
One mile, selling — Animosity won, M>nace
second, Valdez third. Time, 1:42^4.
One mile and a quarter, selling— Monk Way
man won. Major Mansir second. Beana third
Time, I:0S%.
Handicap, six furlongs — W. J. Deboe won,
Georgie second. Sackatucket third. Time, 1:14.
One mile and fifty yards, selling — Miss Han
over won,' Belle Simpson second, McGrathania
Trlnce third. Time. 1:45.
One mile, selling— W. B. " Gates won. Pace
Maker second, Eltholin third. Time, 1:41%.
Results at New Orleans,
Third race— Eva Moo, Can't Dance, Lomo.
Fourth raca— Golden Age, Silurian. Joe Frey.
Fifth race— Sir Rolla, Locochee, Morinel.
Sixth race— Tola. El Ponse. Long Tom.
Asks for Expulsion of Football Team
for Playing on Other
Gridirons.
LEXINGTON. Ky.. Dec. 28.— Tfce resig
nation of Professor IX A. Watson, dtan
of Kentucky Wesltyan College at "Win
chester, was accepted by the board here
to-day. His retirement Is due to his op
position to the football t«aiti3 playing on
other gridirons. He asked the faculty to
expel ihe members of the teams. It re
fused, and he resigned.
PBOFESSOR D. A: WATSON
TYBAVES KF.NTUCKY COLLEGE
The company had only twelve men left
to run the cars to-day. Five cars were
run, but there were few passengers car
ried.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 26.— Forty- three
more men recruited In New York to
take the places of strikers of the Scran
ton Railway Company arrived to-night,
but before the train had come to a full
stop the Btrikers and their sympathizers
boarded the car and by using arguments
and exhortations induced all but eighteen
of them to agree to return to New York.
They are being cared for at the strikers"
headquarters and will be furnished trans
portation home. There was no violence
and no angry words, although not infre
quently the company's agents and the
strikers' missionaries would be working
on the same man at the same time.
INDUCE MANY TO
REFUSE TO WORK
MIAMI. Fla., Dec. 26.— An unknown
American steamer Is ashore on the reefs
a few miles south of Miami. The aea has
been running so high that the wreckers
have been unable to reach her or ascer
tain her identity. The Key "West station
has been notified, and a tug will go from
Miami to the disabled steamer."
Saving Crew Is Unable to Offer
Assistance.
Sea Running So High That the Life-
UNKNOWN 1 STEAMER ASHORE
ON THE IXOBTDA COAST
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
1546. FIRST RACE— Five furlonga; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. P?t St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. fu" ln ci. PI.'
J r« ???? t 5 nade ' »-—lM 8 2 SI 92 «1- 1% Mounce ~ 5 7 7 £i
i5S £.H.H»r'.n Jr..4.1M 10 6 6 1 5 2 lh 2? O'Connor .. 5 15 '12 . .* 7
JSI £? ud Fel *".*-1 M 11 122V4 2n 8ns Eno. -8 10 10 4
,J"K genua, 4 104 87 4h 11 3h 4h Domlnlck ..7 7 7 8
)™V 1^^ 0 . « 104 74 6H8V4 4HB1 Basslnger .. 6 8 8 3
«n«ta «n»I«. 4..1M 6 S 3 h 7 1 71 eh Ransch ..... 6 15 10 6
ull SJS?* R 4 "-""i2 4 I 6.2h'41 6h 7H Gray 15 15 15 6
we* h Orta> i 104 8 9 10 10 81 8% J. Woods... 3 3 3 6-5
w-7 a 1 !*!""? Boy ' 8 — 1W 8 10 9 * S1 9 1 9 *» Frawley .... 10 25 25 8
I«u7 Alleviate. S 10«j 3 8 7 H « 1 10 10 Coburn \ 6-2 • 8 ¦ 9-2 '¦' U-6
"n 16 !**.;, 12^. J 4 * k :24: $' « 6 * 5 "• 1:01% - Good "tart. Won firet three driving. Winner, "
ih- -!„ Jf^L! e - ">y Montana-Fusillade's Last Montallade was drawing away at
tne close. Harrison ran with considerable gamenees. Maud Ferguson stopped. Jingle
Jingle would have won but for being cut off three furlongs from home. Saintly also ln-
J*^ 1^, J*^ Playedbyheratable. Scratched— Amelia Fonso 104, Simon D 10*.
1547. SECOND RACE-One mile; lelllng; tbree-year-olda and up; purge, |400.
1 I Po. I I 1 Bettlnc
Index |Hor»e, Age. Wel g ht.|P5t|St. \j. H. Str. ' Fin. 1 Jockeys. [' Op. HI. Cl. PL
mjb-1 Alas - , 3 : 1W 9 * *H 2n/22 24 O'Connor .. 2 11-5 11-5 1
W k mp t rl0U8 i B 105 • T 8n 61 41 «H J. Wood«... 3 9-2 9-2 8-5
!& ? UC £? y ' S l 101 1 2 12 1S 82 <* Dangman.. 10 .20- 20 8
15*> Lothian. 4 110 10 10 10 10 10 10 6 1 Eh Gray 8 10 10 4
J?" Cyril 6 99 38 6*7h 5H62 Coburn 6 7 7.6-2
£2 f? 01 *"^ «¦• 1" 4 « 91 8 2 7 1 71 Fallehy .... 10 20 20 8
lo28 Mary Klmell., 5. 59 89 Jn «h 81 81 Dominick .. 8 12 10 6
(Ii23) Lou Rey. 4 107 11 8 8 H 8 1 9 10 9 16 Fan-ell 8 12 10 4
"W ?ellcarth. 5 102 2 1 8 h 4 h 10 8 10 6 £22* .."I 60 . 100 100 80
Ua4 Jolly Briton. 8... »S 6 111 11 11 11 11 Fauntleroy | 80 '200 200 60
Time-4i, H. :»; %. 1:16ft! mile, 1:42ft. Good start. Won first three driving. Win-
? er K : « M ,?^ B b V c * ° y lmp< Blr Modred-School OlrL Pupil had the speed and not much
to beat. Field beat Imperious to the first turn. Lothian arrived behind time. Socialist In
no demand. Scratched— Lost Girl 104. • .7 ¦
154S. THIRD RACE — Seven and a half furlongs; maidens; 8-year-olds and up; purse, 1350.
Po -| / Betting — \
Index Horse, Age, Weight. PstlSt. %. fc. Str. Fin. ] Jockeys. . Op. " Hi. Cl. PL
J222 Artilla. a .....104 I 1 Vh 7% 2~1 1 n' O*connor~~71 S 5 4 Ti
HC2 Mac-Gyle. S 104 6 6 lft 12 1 lft 2 6 J. Woods... 7-5 3-2 1 2-5
1^11 Sam Howard, 3.. 104 8 8 61 6h 3ft 82 J. Waldo... • • • •
Jfg 5i"L Iax ?.^ * 1M u 10 8 * 7 * B1 * 8 Coburn 8 10 10 4
li.o Light Dollars, 4.112 121191 l» 61 61 Mounce .... 5-2 8 7 8
1177 Uirella, 6 109 12 6h 83 72 8 10 Farrell 10 25 9 ' 4
loll tfwitt Voice. 3. ..106 10 6 32 2n 4ft 7ft Devin 10 20 20 8
1344 Gold Finder. 8.. .104 88 71 92 82 88 Phelan 20 40 40 15
1522 Jim McGowan. 3.104 6 7 10 ft 11 9 8 9 8 Stuart ...... 30 150 100 60
15*2 Canejo, 3 104 4 9 11 10 4 10 10 10 5 Frawley.... 80 60 60 15
1425 Nemesis, 3 104 7 4.2 1^31 11 11 Hoar 20 150 100 . 60
lall Lady Maud. 3.. ..1041 9 Left Dominick ..| 20 60 40 20
Time— 1-16, :07; 3-16. :19; 9-16, :66%: 11-16. 1:10; 7ftf, 1:86. Good start. Won first three'
driving. Winner, E. Corrlgan's br. t. by Imp. Artillery-Duchess of Towers. Woods made
too much use of HacGyle. William F ran a nice race. Eight Dollars off poorly. Lizzella
auju^mgreen j>ne. 'Coupled with Artilla. i»>i;
1549. FOURTH RACE— One mile; telling; three-year-olds and upward; puree, $400.
I ~ iPo. ~ I Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pet St. %. ft. Str. Fin. Jockeys. I Op. HI. Cl* PI.
1490 jTorsida. 5 107 6 2 Tl 7H Ti 1 a O'CoimorT. "1^5 2^ 8-2 1-2
U2S BUly Moore. 8.. ..100 7 4 *Hth lh 23 Burllngame 15 60 40 12
1539 Coming Event. 2. 96 6 7 6h6ft 2ft 31 J. Waldo.... 6 9 9 3
UWO Sybarls. 6 105 86 8 61 6 ft 4 h J. Woods.... 5 . 10 8 4
US24) KJckumbob, 3 S6 S68h lh U 6ft Ransch 10 25 25 8
1527 Mitten. 3 100 11 12 lh 71 62 Coburn 8 12 12 5
1436 St. Wood. 4 108 48 4h 4HBh 71 Dominick... 10 8 8 3
1434 Bell Punch. 8.. ..IPS 8 3 6H S 8 8 Devin ....... 8-5 7-2 8 6-5
Time— %, :25%; ft, -.50%; «4, 1:16ft; mile. 1:48. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. J. McGovem's ch. m. by Torso- Judith. Winner pounds the best. Came
from the rear alter being shut off on backstreteh. Bvent also pocketed • before the
1550. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. J400.
— jp o ~ ' j , Betting — »
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. ft. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
(1500) (Toah ...„ 115 2 1 4~! 4~1 3~B Tij O'Connor ... <! 6 ~6 2
1233 Eonic 115 93 22 11 11 S2 Farrell 8 20 8 3
H&8 Bab J. 115 7 8 6%6« 48 81T. Burns.... 7-5 9-5 9-8 7-10 :
U98 Courtier 112 68 93 91 52 43 Bergen .:.... 6 10 10 4
1509 David S 116 3 1 In22 3h 6ft Klley 20 20 15 6
(15PS) Argregor 115 5 10 10 10 7 1 6 2 Mounce 6 1 '9 8 8
652 Rathgar 112 14 3ft 3h 61 72 J. Waldo 6 10 10 4
1498 Oscar Tolle 115 86 64 63 81 S3 Alexander .. 15 25 20 10
IS2S Follow Me WO 10 7 7% 74 91 91 Enos 100 200 200 60
1514 Instante 100 4 j 9 8 1 8 1 10 10 Coburn 6 6 6 2
Time— 3-16. :18; 7-16, :43; 6%f, 1:08. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, P. Dunne's
ch. sr. by Imp. Baasetlaw-Modesty. O'Connor on Toah outflnished Farrell. Bab looked
peaked. David S quit. Argregor cut ott at start. Scratched— Darlene 100, Bob Palmer 112.
1551. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, 8400. *
Po. , Betting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst Bt. U. ft. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PI.
15Z3 Don Luis, 8 99 8 t 2h 8ft 11 lh Coburn 8 15 1J~ 4
1508 Herculean, 2 ....101 3 5 Sh 2 1ft 3ft 23 Mounce 2 11-5. 2 4-5
1523 Lamachus, 8 ....93 5 8 4h 4H 66 Sn J. Walsh.... 3 7 s 7 6-2
1523 Hohenlohe. 5 ....107 T6 TH«H4ft43 O'Connor... 8 7-2 7-2 7-5
OB22) Glltsando. 3 99 2 1 1* ltf 3 lft 6 4 Dominick ... 8 15 • 15 5
1539 Uarda. 6 107 4 7 «ft71 6ft 61 J. Woods.... 6 15* 15 6
1C30 Perseus, a 102 688 8 7171 Farrell 8 15 18 6
q517) Wallensteln. 8 ¦¦ 95| 1 | 4 6» 6 2 8 8 |J. Waldo 4 5 6 ¦ 2
Time— %, :25%; %, :50J4; %, 1:16^; mile, 1:42>4. Good etart. Won first three driving. Wln
ner. C. Spooner's ch. %r. by Imp. Midlothlan-AlamedA. Coburn on winner took shortest
route through the stretch. Heroulean should have won. Too far for Gllssando. Wallen
eteln had a stormy passage. Scratched — Isallne 90. Opponent 102, Astor 104. Faunette 99.
In the "bucket shop" cases in which W.
D. Valentine, M. Burke, H. Muller and A.
Pritchard were defendants, the judgment
of the lower court finding them guilty
was affirmed, one of the Judges dissenting,
and at Attorney Collins" request a stay ot
five days was granted, as he announced
that he would take the case before the
Supreme Court. Valentine was fined $300
in the lower court and each of the oth
ers $100.
Chief Sullivan and Attorney Coffey, who
specially prosecuted the cases, were de
lighted with their victory.
"I expect that the defendants," said the
Chief, "will now appear in court in ac
cordance with the stipulation and plead
guilty in all the remaining cases and pro
out of. the business. I consider that the
constitutionality of the ordinance has
been pracically tested, but if the defen
dants want to test it in the higher court
they can refuse to pay the fines and be
imprisoned. Then a writ of habeas corpus
could be obtained to take the matter be
fore the Supreme Court.
In the case ol John Rlley.' a clerk In
Harry Corbett's poolrooms, the Judgment
of the lower court was reversed on a
technicality.
In what is known as the "San Jose"
case, in which the defendants were Harry
Corbett, "Walter Mclnerney and James
Daly, a petition on their behalf for a re
hearing was denied, and the remlttltur
was ordered sent forthwith to the lower
court. The point in this case was as to
whether a bet wired from here to San
Jose was" actually made in this county or
In Santa Clara County. It was held that
the bet was made in this county.
A part of the agreement was that two
cases should be tried on their merits
without a jury with the object of deciding
as by the evidence and the law as to what
constituted a pool, and- if there was a
pool transaction. The cases selected were
those of George Duncan and Harry Cor
bett. The former, was tried before Judge
Cabanlss and the latter before Judge Mo
gan, and In each case a conviction was
had and a nominal fine of $23 was im
posed. Briefs were submitted on the cases
on appeal and also In the case of Harry
Corbett and Joseph Mohan, charged Joint
ly, and who had been convicted and fined,
the former $300 and the latter $100. Yes
terday Judges Lawlor, Cook and
Dunne, sitting In bank in Judge Lawlor's
court, gave their decision on these cases,
affirming the judgments of the lower
courts. Attorney Collins, for the defen
dants, asked for a stay of five days, but
it was refused and the remittiturs were
ordered sent to the lower courts at once.
The poolsellers .will now go out of busi
ness entirely if they will abide by the
agreement made between them and Chief
Sullivan that in the event of the Supe
rior Court deciding against them they
would close up their places and plead
guilty- In all the remaining cases, about
twenty-five in number, still pending In the
police courts.
Three Superior Judges Sit
ting in Bank Decide
Against Them.
"What Is Sloan to gain ..by it? The
money he would receive for . riding In a
few races between this and the first of
POOLMEN MUST GO
OUT OF BUSINESS
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— Many turfmen
discussed Sloan's case, yesterday. It be
ing brought into prominence again by h's
riding Vesuvian ;at the Tanforan track
on Christmas day. The fact that Sloan's
license Is not revoked is generally ac
cepted as the real reason why the Tan
foran authorities permitted him to ride,
and there is no doubt that had Sloan ac
cepted a mount on an American or Eng
lish jockey club course he would have
been allowed '; to fulfill his engagement,
but the advisability of his doing so Is se
verely questioned. As a prominent turf
man said yesterday:-
Tommy Nelson and Dave Hanley fought
four rounds for a draw. Hanley didn't
care to fight any too much and Nelson
didn't know enough of the game to do
any better.
Charles Hawley took ¦ • Harry Bowers'
measure ;in one round. The men ¦ agreed
to fight according to Queensberry rules.
HawTey. with his left wrapped around
Bowers' neck, used his right on body and
jaw and Bowers went out in a heap.
Half a round was enough for Pat Welch,
who fought Jimmle LJttle. Welch caused
the referee to work his .finger at him
twice. The second time it was all over
and he lay on the ground thirteen sec
onds.
Jack Hawkins was a ringer and Joe
Burns, who thought the man he was to
meet bore the name of the programme,
was sadly disappointed. Hawkins was Joe
McCarthy and one round and a half per
suaded Burns that he was In but not of
the mix-up. In the second round Burns
went down and out for more than ten
seconds.
Archie Dean and Nobby Otts went three
rounds of heavy, eklll-less fighting. When
neither boxer could raise either arm at
the end of the third round the police
stepped In and Referee McDevitt pro
nounced the contest a draw. Dean had
Otts all but out three times.
Billy Kelly lost control of his top works
in the fourth round with "Indian" Joe
Gregg and this lost him the bout. Up to
this stage of the game the fight was fairly
even, but the "Indian" finished at a fast
and strong pace, while Kelly weakened
and was left to straggle In. The referee
gave the aborigine the decision.
Kid Malone and Frank Neil started the
game. Malone' s seconds threw a towel
into the ring before the first round was
nnished and Nell was the winner.
The heavyweight event between Jim
Griffin, colored, and P. J. Maguire. white,
which concluded the entertainment, lasted
but a short fraction of a round. Maguire,
with a physique that reflected a steam
beer sign, was hit full In the jaw and he
spun around like a top. He went out from
a similar punch.
The Bay City Athletic Club gave Its last
of-the-century fistic show last night txi
the club rooms on O'Farrell street. There
were eight bouts In all. few of which went
the limit.
Amateurs in Four -Round
Bouts at the Bay City
Athletic Club. •
"INDIAN" JOE
GETS A DECISION
next year would be so small that It would
not enter Into the argument. On the
other hand, the fact that he is riding is
as much as saying to the English Jockey
club, 'I can do as I please this year: your
edict does not go Into effect until next
season.' "
The Earl of Clonmel, a well known turf
man and breeder of thoroughbreds, anJ
now In this city, was asked what he
thought about the Sloan case. He said:
"I think Sloan would have been much
wiser to have kept in the background, at
any rate for the present, and If he be
haves himself In a quiet, unostentlous
manner for a year, there Is no doubt ha
will be granted a license again. He
brought this thing on himself by his man
ner of living and His barefaced effrontery.
It was common talk that Sloan was bet
ting and if his application for a new 11-
The United Milk Producers* Association,
a company owned by the farmers and
dairymen who ship milk to this market,
went into a receiver's hands In Septem
ber. Its assets and liabilities were ap
proximately $200,000. The Old Town Bank
held much of the company's paper, and
Mr. Wllcox. its cashier, was appointed co
receiver. At a meeting of the unsecured
creditors to-day It was i decided to con
tinue business under plans submitted by
a finance committee of the stockholders
several days ago.
The bank was chartered by special act
of the Legislature In 1858. Its authorized
capital was $150,000. The president Is E.
G. Shipley.
Both the firms mentioned in the bill of
complaint are in receivers' hands.
"The bank admits that, by reason of the
facts stated in the bill of complaint. It la
no longer able to meet its current obliga
tions, and, believing that It ought not to
further undertake to continue to do busi
ness but that Its assets should be held for
the mutual benefit of all persons Interest
ed. It consents to the appointment ot sl
receiver or receivers as practiced."
"Rumors affecting tbe financial condi
tion of the bank are In circulation in con
sequence of which large sums of money
have been withdrawn by depositors, and
it is a question of. but a short time when
the bank will be compelled to close its
doors. The bank 13 unable to pay Its lia
bilities In the usual course of business,
and unless a receiver Is appointed It will
result in a struggle to keep the doors of
the bank open and depositors will suffer
loss."
The answer, filed by President E. Q.
Shipley, la as follows:
"While the bank, until a recent period,
has done a successful and profitable busi
ness, it has recently incurred heavy losses
by the bad faith of its cashier. Theodore
S. "Wilcox in that, without authority he
wrongfully, without the knowledge of its
president or board of directors, permitted
Isaac Robinson and the United Milk Pro
ducers' Association to draw from the bank
large sums of money and Incurred losses
thereby which the bank la unable to bear.
George Schilling, a stockholder and de
positor, and Robert T. Gill, a depositor,
were the complainants. In their state
ment to the court they say:
BALTIMORE, Mfl., Dec. 28.— Roger T.
Gill was to-day appointed receiver for th*
Old Town Bank by consent of the presi
dent and officers of the bank. Mr. Gill
gave a bond in the sum of $1,500,000. the
assets of the institution being valued at
half that amount.
Bad Faitb of the Cashitr
the Cause of the
Failure.
RECEIVER FOR
OLD TOWN BANK
cense had not been refused iomethlng
worse would have happened to him. j
think he was let off very lightly and I
do not think anything more is meant than
a warning. Sloan must learn hi» place
as a jockey If he wants to ride In Eng
land again, and I am surprised that h*
has been tolerated as long as he has."
Foxhall Keene, who leaves for England
on Saturday, thinks that under the cir
cumstances Sloan d'.d no harm by rfdlns
at Tanforan. As his license Is not re
voked he considers he Is In good stand
ing until he applies for a new license and
is refused.
Colonel Thomas Ochlltree expressed sur
prise that the Tanforan authorities should
have permitted Sloan to ride, but a: th3
same time he did not think that the'r
permission would have any effect on the
case when It came before the Jockey club.
Th'.rd race— Milt and three-quarter*; hurdle
handicap; over ieven hurtles:
tlH2 Silverado 1»| 1512 May Boy.. 120
1527 Mike Rice 123! 1S12 Charles le Bel. 125
•542 I/mio 1581 1523 Can" t Dance.. .153
IV* Eva Moe 13S i 1542 Texarkana 132
Fourth race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
rurfe:
ci&2S)Articulate 103r 1488 Tenny Belle 100
IS2S Andrattus TOO j (14*1) Bard of Avon. 100
Silurian 105 1S05 Marfchal Nell. 103
1522 Ad* N 100 (1482)Oolden Age. ...118
USS Joe Trey US' •
Second r&ee — One mile; three-year-olds and
ttr; purse:
14:?jFret Fas» 102 I WS5 Ulloa 10!
[617 Jolly Briton. ...102 1402 Royal Prize.. ..102
UMfhfka 102! 14S5 Oold Baron.. ..102
:vtg Foul Play 102 flolDKinir's Pal 102
1«R6 D^ciraux ....1C2J 1522 Parmenlon ....102
14SS Synla 103 ! 1548 MacGyle 102
Track Notes.
Piqued at not being allowed to ride
Greyfeld In the Christmas handicap,
Dangman Is reported to have left the em
ploy of Bob Smith.
Al Coney, who was Injured some
days ago by being thrown from a car and
dragped come distance, is about again.
The ligaments of one shoulder were rup
tured, causing a very painful injury.
Claude Burlinpame rode a very credit
able race en the outsider, Billy Moore,
and should get more mounts than he does.
Albert Koenigsberg will cut In again to
day.
Bell Punch has a very bad tendon, and
a breakdown was not unexpected by his
owner. Harry Stover. The ring coon got
wise to the play on Toraida until 3H to 1
went begging against Punch.
Ab Stemler thought Eonic rod enough
to do the trick in the fifth event-
Fome 20 to 1 could be had about her, and
Ehe lost to Toah by a neck only. -.*••"
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Mile and & sixteenth; four-year
old* btmJ up; purse:
1539 Snips S3 1619 Opponent 87
1534 Acrobat 105 1530 "Ualkenshaw ..102
14R7 Pin* :..1C1 1466 Tirade 100
IK1 Perseus W i:i9 Meadow LariclOl
:"¦¦;: Free Lance.. ..104 15,'J Jennie Reid.... S3
3S35 Llmellcht 98 1
three and Mounc* two : winner*
yesterday. After meeting with varying
luck Monk Coburn repaid the patience
of his followers by taking the closing
event with old Don Luis, a 15 to 1 shot
in the betting. The crowd seemed boun
tifully supplied with means and deposited
with the bookmakers at frecuent inter
vals, which money was not returned,
owing to the bad behavior of five choices.
The weather was cool and the track far
from being fast. Not much could be said
in favor of the card, as the sport was
very ordinary Indeed.
There was a miscellaneous gathering of
speed In the first event, a five furlong
dash, finally resulting In Novia going to
the poet favorite. The mare got away
Irom the post poorly and never showed
an atom of speed. When It looked as if
O. H. Harrison Jr. had things his way
Mounce brought Montallade up on the
outside, petting the decision by half a
length. The winner was 6 and 7 to 1 In
ihe ring. . .
Tossed In with a very ordinary lot of
platers in the mile selling affair. Green
Morris' colt Pupil won rather cleverly
from Alas and Imperious with as good
rs 15 to 1 obtainable. Dudcoy, ridden by
Dangman, cut out the running for quite
a way, when he blew up. finishing just
Ix'yond the money.
Overanxlety on the part of Johnny
"Woods cost ilacGyle the event for maid
ens, over seven and a half furlongs. On
recent form shown the Brutus gelding had
«. decidedly "cinchy" !ook. which caused
a plunge at 7 to 5. Rushfcd off In the lead.
Woods was forced to draw his wh1j> at
the paddock on the favorite and in a
drive Artilla scored by a neck. Sam How
ard, coupled in the betting with the win
ner and comprising the Corrigan entry,
ran a fair third.
Jockey Claude Burlirigame, on the 50 to
1 shot, Billy Moore, only lost the second
mile selling to Torsida. the 3 to 2 choice,
by a narrow margin. The outsider had
oiilte a following, which played him
•across the board," and after leading to
the paddock, was overtaken and downed
almost easily by Torsida. O'Connor, on
thf> latter mare, was cut off on the back
ftretfh. and she showed to be much the
be*t by her run from the far rear.
The fifth number, a sprint at five and
a half furlongs, went to Pat Dunne's
recent purchase, Toah. Eonic had been
hammered down from £0 to 8, and looking
all over a winner through the Btretch.
was nabbed In the last fifty yards and
beaten a neck by the Dunn entry- Tommy
Burns, on Bab. the favorite, finished In
the show.
Herculean, the mount of Mource in the
final mile sellir.gr event, was assuredly the
best, but did not win. Coburn, with the
leg up on Don Luis, was always promi
nent, and hugging the rail from the head
of the stretch home, earned the verdict
over the choice ty a head. Lamachus ran
into the show.
THE .holiday festivities left no
marks on two at least' of the
jockeys now ndlnjr at Tanforan
Park. "Winnie O'Connor piloted
Special Dispatch to The Call.
By^F. E. ZS-rox.HEOLXj-A.nsnD.
Regard His Action as a Defiance of the .English Jockei] Club
That Will Militate Against His Chances for Getting a License,
Torsida the OdId Fayopite to Take a Purse— Pupil Outsprmts a
Big Field at Odds of 15 to 1— Don Luis Furnishes a Surprise.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 26.— The dissatisfaction
among the -prune men over the present
policy of the California Cured Fruit As
sociation has led to the calling of a joint
meeting of the directors of the associa
tion and the California Packers' Company
for to-morrow morning to see what can
be done to improve the condition of the
market. ¦- The demands of those growers
who want an allowance of differentials on
large sales and a reduction of one cent
a pound on the four-size basis, will be
given special attention and discussion, and
those prune men have been requested to
attend and present any ideas they have
in regard to a change of policy.
So far as can be learned, the directors
of the Cured Fruit Association do not
favor a reduction in prices or a change
of presidents. Directors of both the PacK
ers' Company and Cured Fruit Associa
tion 6ay they have differed at times with
President Bond's policy, but they consider
It a lamentable exhibition of weakness
and- one liable to defeat the whole object
of the two organizations to cut prices or
make a change in management right in
the middle of the selling season. They
look upon the .movement started by the
handful of dissatisfied growers as ex
tremely unwise and lamentably demoral
izing to the market. They consider It the
work of two or three men who have
grievances against the management ami
pOlnt to the failure of these dissatisfied
growers to obtain signatures to the paper
they are circulating asking for Bond's
resignation 'or a change in policy.
The hotbed of dissatisfaction appears to
be in'the Berryessa district.' They claim
there Bond is too arbitrary and imperial
istic. They think "the prices too high, dif
ferentials to European countries antagon
istic to Eastern buyers,. and believe large
buyers should get a discount.
. A good share, of the criticism of the
management of . the i Cured Fruit Associa
tion comes from the business men., of this
city, who are displeased . with the condi
tion of the local trade because of a lack
of ready money, on the part of the prune
growers. The holiday , trade suffered , on
this account, and accounts- at stores are
going longer unpaid than on previous
years.'' ".-' ¦ ¦"' ¦. • ' ¦ ' -•¦ ¦ -.•"'-* ;>
Call Issued for Meeting of
Growers and
Packers.
WILL DISCUSS
FRUIT MARKET
Sport Promises to Be TJnusually Good
at the Union Coursing Park \,
Fron^ the Present Pro
gramme.
•» m ...
' The open stake that will be run down on
Saturday at t he Union Coursing Park is
an exceptionally attractive card. S6me
of the crack 'dogs will participate in this
event. The entries last evening were re
stricted to <• 128 dogs. This is one of the
biggest events ever held in California.
The draw follows :
Pasha kennels' ' Rolllckinsr Airs vb.- < Pasha
Kennels' Risky-Attempt; M. A. Deckalman's
Snapshot vs. L-~Q. Hodgking' Palm Flower: J.
P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince vs. K. M.- Kellogf's
Iowa Boy; F. A. McComb's Little Sister vs.
J. Dempsey' s Jingle Bells; J. J. Keenan'a
Lundin.: Xinka vb. Aeneid Kennels'. Fine Fire;
C. ¦ O. . Peterson's Silver Cloud vs. Maher &
Reid's: Uncle Fuller; J. Carroll's Master Clalr
vs. T. "Klernan's Lucretia Borgia; F.' A. Me-
Comb't Bonaparte vs. Pasha Kennels' Roman
Athlete; E. Geary's Ireland vs. J. P. Tbriit's
Forget; George Sharman's Chicago Boy vb. F.
A. McComb's Sir Pasha; Captain Cane's Victor
Boy v«.- o. O.- Peterson's Half Moon;-J.-Mar
tinet's Bill Foster vs. Curtis & Sons' War
Eagl»; J. Carroll's Auckland vs. D. J. Healey's
Nicaelo; Russell & Allen's First Foot vs. T.
J. Cronin's -Vandal: Pasha Kennels' Belie
Clalr vs. R. B,-'de B. Lopez & Son's "Warrigo;
Curtis & Sons' Anchor, vs. H; Lynch's Lyddite;
J. J. Kiernan's Lady Sears vs. .McCarthy &
Dinal's Prairie Princess; J. Hurley's Hurri
cane vs. E. Geary's Palo- Alto; Sterl &
Knowles" For Glory vs. Captain Clarkson's
Golden Garter; Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon
vs. James Dean's Warco; J. Button's Herschel's
Pride vs. James Dean's Connemara; Pasha
Kennels' Roundabout vs. J. Smith's Master
Workman; E. M. Kellogg' s Sweet Emma vs.
Captain Cane's Greenhorn; H. Perigo's Lady
Davenport vs. Curtis & Sons' Warpath; : Rus
sell & Allen's Btrayaway vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Olitar Chlarinl Bros;' Bunco Bill vs. B. Silva's
Reannex; E. J. Hoskins' King Cashier vs. A.
J. Vandenberg's Lear King; E. M. Kellogg" s
Kid McCoy vs. P. J. Reilly's Plough Boy: H.
Lynch's Emma M vb. E. M. Kellose's Ben's
Babe; J. F. Martinet's Slim vs. Russell & Al
len's Wedding Bells; D. J. Healy's Tapioca
vs. D. Dlllon'e Dewdrop; J. Hurley'B O K
Capitol vs. P. J. Reilly's Honesty; Sullivan '
& Tralnor's My Selection vs. D. Jackson's
Honor Bright; H. J. Grey's Commander vs.
George Sharman's Black Flush; R. K. de B.
Lopez & Son's ¦ Weribee vs. P. J. Rellly's
Warship; M. Dunbar"s Erin vs. H. Lynch'i
Llnton; H. Lynch's Lilac vs. F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys; Pasha Kennels' Random Aim vs. J.
P. Thrift's St. Michael; Pasha Kennels' Racing
Anecdote vs. George- Sharman's St. Ives;
Aer.eld Kennels' Athena vs. Carroll Bros.'
Mamie Pleasant; Pasha Kennels' May Hemp
stead vs. J. H. Perigo's Controller; Aeneid Ken
nels' Aethra vs. Lande & Gerber's Rlenzl; H.
H. Grey's Rona vs. J. Dean's Gallant; Pasha
Kennels' Fieri' Face vs. Russell & Allen's
Faithful Lad; Curtis & Sons' Shadow vs. P. J.
Reilly's The Grafter; P. Doyle's Liberator vs.
Curtis & Sons' Cash; George Sharman's Bow
ery Boy vs. Russell & Allen's Constancy;
George Nethercott's Floodgate vs. Russell &
Allen's Spiteful; Curtis & Sons' McKlnley vs.
S. Hardy's Twin City Girl; R. E. de B. Lopez
& Son's Eagle vs. Pasha Kennels' Rural Ar
tist; Curtis & Sons' Narcissus vs. F. Jones'
Tom Hurlick; H. A. Deckelman's Rocket V3.
T. J. Cronin's Vixen; R. Taylor's Mose vs.
Captain Clarkson's Headwater; Curtis & Sons'
Rosinante vs. Ersklne & Jones' Lavender;
George Whitney's Ther«n vs. E. Geary's Amer
ican; J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs. \ J. Smith's
Boney Boy; Chlarlni Bros.' Brass Buttons vs.
Curtis & Sons' Echo; Pasha Kennels' Rest As
sured vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha; R. L. Tay
lor's Beauty Spot vs. H. Lynch's Lottie M;
T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee vs. D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl; P. J. Reilly's Cascade vs. Cur
tis & Sons' Psyche; Aeneid Kennels' Achilles
vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne.
Past Hound Is Entered With
a Hundred Others in
Open Stake.
WEDDING BELLS
OUT FOR MONEY
TURFMEN BELIEVE SLOAN ERRS IN
ACCEPTING MOUNTS AT TANFORAN
O'CONNOR AND MOUNCE IN FRONT
ON OUTSIDERS AT TAN FOR AN PARK
WEDNESDAY'S RACING EVENTS AND PUGILISTIC BOUTS
. "'. ¦¦'""¦ ¦'¦¦ v . ¦ .' . '¦ ' ' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1900.
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Men Restored
TO PERMANENT HEALTH and STRENGTH
DR. MEYERS & CO. have long been successful In curing all
diseases and weakness of men. TheiP experience and facilities
enable them to master the most dangerous, chronic and com-
plicated cases, as well as those which have been recently
contracted or acquired.
¦ ERsVco a win £t\lX E iI" t AlnM »»** " Is preferable 1 yj
!?ffS SHf a .?S ¥""?*
not convenient to ,J f !L, i9 1 a^o3ls sheets, free ad-
S No o£ dnlr, 1 Opes or Packages to. indicate
undertake a ciir^nn" t^ 11 S aine of "ender. Cures sent
a — ° n tt - r b r J ; c 1^oCrva°tIon" PreSa [
DR. MEYERS & CO.
A STAFF OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED 19 YEARS
701 -Market St. I elevator i w^Vsttsitoi.
;; / Ul ?an jrancsco. | ENTRANCE I sS^oi?:
"Don't Speak
To the motorman," is a sign to be seen
on the front platform of many cars. It
requires all his thought, all his energy
and all his strength to pilot his cay
through crowded streets. The strain
tells on him, and t ¦
some when he gets ¦! _jjtifP __
"rattled" and has Ig^^ESl
tn accident. The r^gfgS^-
surest way to sus- i^sSPStf-^SS
strength and nerv- ¦ '
ous force required &v\Wtt*liP 1'
by the motorman S\«««lHl!ili 4 ¦
or railroad man is R^^fa 1 Ufj I' (
to keep the stom- H ?^W|§ \ %
acli in a condition P/^^M*a! • il 1 !
When the stomach 1 KBSfel^B^ ¦¦' .
becomes '' v.eak,"" " UjSBe-? -^g . ; ii
food is i:aT3erfectly AiJ9^tnS^Bnrf\ z
digested zni _ the mtXg^g&MlJ-
of its necessary |;,fji
fcourishment. The f'^J 1
nerves are "un- JjlJ O t)
strong" and the ' \j&B^*
body is weakened. W^ \n
The timely use Ba^J|I
of Doctor Pierce's ffi-y£*-gf'5*Z?5*^*<A
establish the body in vigorous health.
It cures diseases of. the stomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition,
nourishes the nerves and purifies the
blood.
"1 riffered for fonr years with pain in my
siomcch eo that fit time* I couldu t work nor
e».t." wrlt« Mr. Frank Smith, of Granite,
Cfe*5f* Co.. Colo. «I wrote to you mbout my
sirkseu and was told to use your medicine,
which I did with good results. I only used four
bottle* of yonr t Golden Medical Discovery,* and
xnust say that I am entirely cured, and feel like
a new man. and I can highly recommend your
medicine to any sufferer."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical .
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing onfy. Address Dr.
B- V. Pierce Buffalo, N. Y.OAKLAND, Dec. . 26.^-George | Peters, . a
sailor ; oni the ? British; ship t Osborn, j lying
at Long ¦ wharf, ; fell overboard v to-nlgrht
and ; was drowned; His : shipmates , heard
the splash, and a boat was lowered, but
the body could not be found. . •>
British^ Sailor 1 Drowned.
> SIERRA :% LEONE, 1 ?West?CoastCofVAf
rica;* Bee. > 26.— The | President /of j* Liberia, 7
,W. D.v Coleman.t- resigned *^ December ? 11;
owlng.tOithe.disapprovaliOf-the Legisla
ture of ; his Interior policy.'SGAW/iGibson,
the Secretary '• of ! State.*; was * elected 5 Pres
ident'by." the Legislature. i : ' '
¦'¦.:¦' &'*' ¦•...¦' .:":'. . '- r .' ¦ V, ' '.'•
New President for Liberia:
JOSEPH * FIGEL. MERCHANT TAI
LOR." The latest styles to ; select «' f romi.
Suits "from $20 upward. Overcoats,* fancy
vests, etc., at greatly reduced prices." ; Sec-"
ond floor Flood Bldg., .Fourth and Market.*
. LONDON; Dec. 27.T-The; brother of 'An
dree." '• the \ missing »' aeronaut, -.says J a .dis
patch from Copenhagen" to the Daily Mail, :
despairing -= of his * return - from » the > Arctic
regions, has finally, opened his ', will, v
Brother r of the Aeronaut- Gives "Dp
> ; Hope of His^ Safety.
OPENS 'ANDREE'S WILL.
< BERKELEY, : Dec. • 26.— Richard "Walton
Tully, ¦¦: the •; successful - : student author = of
"James \Wobberts,'*.i has ; received : a» com
mission - from; Harry ? Corson > Clarke ; ; to
write J a comedy. * : , Mr. - Tully' Is : also en
gaged upon a vaudeville v sketch • for: an
Orpheum, circuit; team.*/ *•-,',. '•
Richard Tully's New' Plays.
The Challenge ¦ Is Out.
¦ Wednesday, . Januarys the; 2d, the great
challenge will take ' place ; In ; this" city. : •_" '
The greatest assignee sale - of clothing, i
'will sell to-morrow men's genuine worsted
suits that cost J15 for$5 85; also 450 covert
cloth i men's * suits, worth JlV^f or $3 90.
Come OTiein come all; to the Boston. - : 775
Market street," near Fourth. , P.; C. Kelly,
Assignee. ¦ -~ ' "^ r.\: • ;- '..:•--, >•
Be - Sure and Attend
Mrs.^Grace Hudson, the > artist; whose
work as a painter of Indians is so: well
known both within and without the State,
left yesterday for Honolulu by. the steam
ship Zea landia. ; Mrs. ' Hudson will .make
home In Hawaii, and will" hereafter
devote her clever brush to the portrayal of
the kanaka. It is understood that. Dr.
Hudson will Join Mrs. Hudson In the near
future..' ¦ ¦'--; ¦.. • V. ¦ '-- vV -/'iJ: .¦-;•":
Grace Hudson to Paint Kanakas.
tion Slied at ' the Pacific Mail
Dock.
Three Chinese'.! immigrants escaped on
Christmas night \ from i the detention ; shed
at ¦ the Mall ¦; dock ' and - their . .whereabouts
is unknown. J They i were awaiting p the
decision of the Collector of the Port as to
their rlght-to" land. The ; Pacific Mall
Steamship Company : Is " under bonds with
the .Government to pay $500 for. each Chi
naman that escapes' from ; its vessels or
the" detention shed, .whlch'is,constructive
ly * the ¦ deck s of the ': vessel " on '• which the
immigrant . arrived. Customs Collector
Stratton "¦¦ said -yesterday ' that he* would
make ¦' at thorough investigation "of the
matter and endeavor.; to nx the blame
where It properly belonged.
'¦ .¦Acting > Surveyor ' of Customs Chauncey
M: St.' John has addressed a letter to Col
lector : Stratton- calling attention" to' the
fact '¦ that l these \ three make eleven In all
that have' escaped from the detention shed
wlthln-the last six weeks.;;.
Make Their . Escape From the Deten-
THREE MORE CHINESE . . J
ILLEGALLY LANDED
The third annual ball of the Chevra
Gemilua Chasodlm Free Loan Society ts
announced to take place on January 1 at
B'nai Brltb Hall, 121 Eddy street. Tho
members and their friends are taking a
great interest in the affair and a large at
tendance is expected.
To Dance on New Year's Night.
stored in th© building. The placing of
the morgue building so near the wharf
will prevent the recruits witnessing the
grewsome parade that is a feature of the
arrival of every transport. It is expected
to have the work completed before the
arrival of the. transport Grant with her
cargo of 39S dead bodies.
Nine Insane soldiers were sent from tha
General Hospital yesterday to the Gov
ernment Hospital for the Insane at Wash
ington.
Corporal Michael C. Quacklnbush of
Company D, Thirty-ninth Infantry, and
Private Andrew Butler of Company D
Thirty-seventh Infantry, died yesterday
at the General Hospital. Both men were
suffering from dysentery.
Schaffer was given a handsome medal
by his admirers on a previous visit to this
city. He is a hard worker, which was
made evident yesterday by a big lump on
his forehead, which he received | on the
Orpheum stage yesterday forenoon while
putting in a period of practice at juggling
billiard ball3. Schaffer is married to a
young lady of Plttsburg. and the happy
couple spend several months In the sum
mer at their estate in Austria,
attached to a circus In Russia. The pres
ent Czar had a great affection for the
sawdust ring, ana the great ruler and
Schaffer became warm personal friends.
The first big hit that "The King of Jug
glers" made was at the Pavilion Music
Hall in London. Since then he has rapid
ly grown in fame. He has the proud dis
tinction of having performed before all
the crowned heads of Europe. When
Grover Cleveland was President Schaffer
journeyed from New York to "Washington
in a special train to give a performance
at his request.
Another Battalion of "Rook
ies" Formed.
Recruits continue to pour into the Pre
sidio and in a few days more tents will
have to be erected. There are now about
200 men in the new camp, and there will
arrive from FortSlocum, New York, this
morning 166 more, with four officers. It
will become necessary to form the new
arrivals into a* third provisional battaU
' The bodies stored ¦ in the T. M. - C. A.
building at the Presidio ; were removed
yesterday to one of the smaller buildings.
The Quartermaster's Department has a
force . of men at work laying a founda
tion near the Presidio ¦ wharf, and it la
the Intention of the department to move
the Y. M. C. A. building to this spot. As
soon as the work Is completed the fifty
bodies now at the Presidio will again be
HTTNI>BEI>S OF RECRUITS
ARRIVE AT PRESIPIO
New Camp Will Be Enlarged and
THE wonderful feats of jugglery
that Severus Schaffer performs
at the Orpheum each night are
the delight of the throngs that
observe them, and nearly every
one thinks the juggling marvel must
have received his gift of deftness from
some philanthropic wizard. Even if this
is true the wizard's gift alone is not what
makes Schaffer , the wonder he i». 'As
does everyone else who succeeds, he
works hard for the success he achieves.
Every day in the year Schaffer. spends
four hours at keeping his hand skilled in
his present work and practicing new
tricks.
The artist has had a very Interesting
career. He was born in Austria and at
the age of 3 years made his initial bow
as an acrobat with his. father's troupe.
'As he grew up in the business he became
It is an appropriate season for a grand
gathering' of the Red Cross— that imper
sonal, altruistic, ¦ peace— making movement
which orieinated at Geneva • in Switzer
land and which has. carried its red badga
of courage and 'humanity.- to the utter
most-corners of the earth.
In thousands of cities and towns of the
Union the Red Cross of America and ita
friends will keep • vigil : and a ¦ late watch
will be held to usher in the new century,
to bid "hail" to the new and -"farewell
to the old order of things; In San Fran
cisco a grand; meeting is projected to be
held in Golden Gate Hall, on Sutter street.
to be ' addressed - by : prominent : Calif or
nians, to listen to , world-greeting , from
priests and potentates, . sovereigns and
statesmen, all in full accord with the
deepest and truest meaning of the Red
Cross. 'The order of exercises is in prep
aration by the officers of the San Francis
co society, including such notable workers
as Mrs. John F.-Mei rill, Mrs. I. Lowen
berg Mrs. F. G. Sanborn, Miss Anna
Beaver. Mrs. "William H. Mills and others.
It should be a memorable ; occasion and
It should result, as it is hoped it' will, in
a substantial j fund » for the endowment '¦ of
the- national work from • admission - fees
and from the gifts of those wealthy hu
manitarians who know the history and
record of -the movement. \ •
Tickets * may be obtained at the Red
Cross rooms and of any of the officers of
the society. '. - •-"'--- s -
From the Vatican to the Golden Gate
religionists of all creeds are preparing
to make the' meeting and parting of two
centuries an era of new effort and new en
thusiasm." in the spread of their princi
ples and their faith; sociologists look for
a new development; of humanity toward
more perfect' living " and philanthropists
plan : for, wider, sounder and . more effect
ive work in behalf of the unfortunate.
All over the civilized world the coming
New Tear's eve will be observed with
impressive ceremony and brilliancy of
Jubilation that no other New Tear in the
memory of any now living has evoked.
for a Monster Watch.
* Meeting.
wnx welcome -i>Awir
OF THE NEW CENTURY
The Bed Cross of California Planning
THE "KING OF : JCGGLEBS" AND HANDSOME GOLD MEDAL. THAT
"WAS PRESENTED TO HIM BY SOME OF HIS ADMIRING FRIENDS
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Mrs. Wasson Disturbed at
Her iflTork by the Zip of
the Eullet.
Early yesterday morning a shot fired in
Mrs. F. Wasson's lodging-house at 251
Third street, caused a. great deal of.ex
cittment. The police investigated, but
could find no clew to the disturber of the
peace of the neighborhood. .'
About ¦ noontime Mrs. Wasson, while
busily engaged with her many duties,
was again startled by the report of a re
volver and the zip of a bullet very close
to her head. ¦
Hastily looking up she saw B. Jerke, one
of her lodgers, hanging out of his win
dow and smoke curling about his head.
The shock was so great that she fainted,
and it was not- until last night at 11
o'clock that sho was able to compose her
self sufficiently to go to the police station
and report the affair. , ,
Officers : were sent to • the house, and
Jerke was arrested and ' lodged In the
tanks pending further investigation by the
police. ; • ...
Jerke Is a Dane, and is employed on
schooners sailing up and down the coast.
LANDLADY SHOT
AT BY ROOMER
A SAD scene will be enacted in the
chapel at Odd Fellows' Cemetery
at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The
parents and friends of the late
Virginia Jackson, the beautiful
Califomian actress, will pay their last
tribute to her memory. Her body will be
Incinerated and her ashes will be treas
ured by her bereaved mother. The ser
vices will be simple but Impressive. The
expressed wish of the young woman that
her body be cremRted will be carried out-
Tears will be shed over her bier t>y. rela
tives and friends, as she was beloved by
all who knew her.
The remains of the dead actress reached
this city yesterday. From . distant New
Jersey, where she passed away, they were
sent by the member* of her profession.
The mother and a few friends received
the body and had it taken out to the ceme
tcry
Miss Jackson died in Newark, N. J., on
December 17. The news of her death was
a severe shock to her parents and ac
auaintances. It was thought she was en-
Joying the best of health. Three days be
fore she died, she was taken suddenly
ill while acting her part in "The Fair
Rebel." A doctor was hastily sumoned,
and he pronounced her a very sick wom
an and ordered that she be removed im
mediately to her home. She was suffer
ing from a severe attack of peritonitis and
every effort was made to save her life.
Three physicians consulted and labored
over her but without avail. She passed;
away peacefully, with, a picture of her
mother clasped to her breast and the last
word she uttered. was "Mama."
The body of the* favorite actress lay 4n
/BERLIN. Dec. 26.— In its yearly financial
review, the Frankfurter Zeitung" points
out tnat one of the most important facts
of the last twelve months has been the
growing influence of the , United, States
upon the economic situation of Europe.
. "In . the first months 'of "the year," says
the I writer,* "when German industries had
not: the remotest fear of ; reaction,, it was
the. report from America regarding the
iron market and the : fear, of flooding "the
German market with American- manufac
tures that terrified our; markets = and agi
tated our bourses. This was the case
even • when there . . were no ; ; important
changes | in -the business situation' in the
United States. ¦; In short,' all v the incidents
indicating, ; however remotely, < that '¦¦ coun
try's competition^ were j discussed in their
bearings upon our. business situation, and
they thus became very : important factors
In determining the attitude of the German,
bourses atid the quotations of 'securities.
. ',[ Wall ¦; street quotations .frequently ? are
the standard for all other exchanges. The
entrance ; of ' the • United > States ; , into -¦ the
ranks -j of 'creditor;' nations signifies a
change in the times.'. Ever since the .war
¦with Spain,; the United: States Govern
ment has pursued } undeviatingly ' a ;world
policy, of : world conquest.* European states
must familiarise themselves :with .the
thought that the ; Unlted States will have
a very, weighty word In -determining: the
new spoil tlcal constellations among the
leading ' nations. American action in un
dertaking -.the Nicaraguan . canal i i also
' proves - that ? the ?¦' military : and still more
!the i diplomatic participation of ; the United
States;in the 1 Chinese: troubles wlirbear
¦ fruit."-' y\,"- .'¦•-.:-.-•-.-¦,¦ .. .; _ : -
Frankfurter i Zoitung Points
to This Country's Rapid
Development.
AMERICA'S POWER
FELT WORLD OVER
The dead woman . was affectionately
known to her friends as "Jack." She was
bright, pretty and vivacious, and num
bered her friends by the score. They will
attest their feelings for her by attending
the simple services at the cemetery this
afternoon. . . -
She was passionately devoted to her
mother and brothers and contributed gen
erously to their support. A few weeks
before her untimely death she had taken
a flat and had furnished it comfortably
With a view to bringing -on her. mother
and brothers East to live with her. Death
prevented the carrying out the worthy de
sire." ¦...-" '-.-..•.¦ -'. . ; ', : ' •' ¦
state In the foyer of the Century Theater,
where she 1 : had been | playing, and 60,000
people, it la said, viewed the remains.
Miss Jackson was the daughter of Mre.
Mina Jackson, who resides at 1016 Larkin
street, and a niece of the late Colonel J.
P. Jackson, Collector of the Port of San
Francisco. At the time of her death she
was but 24 years old. She was born In
this city, and was educated at the Den
man School. After graduating from high
school, she went on the stage and . her
talent brought her to the forefront In her
profession. She .made "her-debut at tha
Auditorium, now the : Alhambra. Theater,
and successive engagements were filled
by her with artistic ability. For a time
she was a member of the Morosco Stock
Company . and .was extremely popular in
this city. Miss Jackson then*went East
and scored a hit in character and leading
parts. During her stay in the East she
became homesick and pined for her Home
and friends in this city. She was given
an engagement at the Alcazar a few years
ago and played ¦ in the "Noble Rogue,"
and scored a great success as '.'Cinders"
in the"Lost Paradise." . -•
THE LATE MISS VIRGINIA JACKSON, THE POPULAR YOUNG ACT
RESS. A NATIVE OF THIS CITY, WHO DIED AT NEWARK. N. J.,
AFTER A BRIEF SICKNESS.
Orpheiim Artist Spends All His Leisure Time in
Perfecting Himself in His Act.
SCHAFFER THE JUGGLER
A FRIEND OF THE CZAR
!. Mrs. Gladstone testified that she understood
defendant was a millionaire, and there seems
to have been a struggle of avarice between
the plaintiff and Mrs. Walker;' the latter to
secure . Boardman for her ¦ daughter and the
former, to secure him for herself. That either
of these matrimonial - schemes should have suc
ceeded is pitiful, but the plaintiff seems to
have been overmatched in the unseemly race,
end while she might have made defendant a
better mate than his child-wife there is no sat
isfactory evidence that he ever promised to
wed her. The burden of proof was upon plain
tiff to establish the promise and she has whol
ly failed to maintain it. A new trial Is there
fore granted. : .
: That this septuagenarian suitor should affect
such pensive melody and sad sentiment as
Balfe's composition afforded seems inconsistent
with the blissful season of courtship; indeed,
his entire conduct toward the plaintiff gives
more evidence of senility than romantic ardor.
Subsequent to the- marriage of Mr. Boardman
and his present wife Mrs. Gladstone . called
upon the defendant's bride and congratulated
her upon her marriage in the presence of at
least two , witnesses. The mother cf defend
ant's present wife, Mrs. Walker, also testi
fied to the same effect; but In the consideration
of the case I have utterly discarded her testi
mony because all the evidence herein serves to
show that she was a sordid woman— a woman
who In consequence of the defendant's wealth
was willing to wed a daughter IS years old to
an Infirm. . decrepit and feeble man of over
three score years and ten.
Evidence to support the material fact of the
promise was strangely lacking. . while much
testimony was offered on both sides relating to
matters of minor consequence, such, for in
stance, as the testimony ot plaintiffs daughter,
who-was called to prove that. defendant once
asked her to play on the piano "The Heart
Bowed Down." and that he had aald to her
that a picture of , her- mother was a fine one.
lira. Gladstone at the date ' of th* alleged
promise to marry was 62 years ¦ old and the
defendant 74. The plaintiff had been twice
married and had a family, of which seven
members survived. Two of her children lived
with her and yet, bo far as the evidence dis
closes,'she never revealed to either of them the
fact of her engagement, j Neither does I it ap
pear that she ever • mentioned «uch engage
ment to any of her friends, neighbors or. asso
ciates, or to any person whatsoever.
Defendant's form«r wife died on February 20,
1899. On June 20, 1899, he married Blanche
"Walker, a girl only IS years old. The plain
tiff read of this marriage the following day
and although she saw the defendant afterward
•he never reproached him for his ' failure to
keep the ¦ alleged promise, nor .did she allude
to such promise ' in - any manner whatsoever.
Aside from her own testimony there is no evi
dence that she made ! any preparation for
the wedding— no time for the ; nuptials was
fixed; no correspondence was had; no gifts were
given or exchanged.
Aged Joseph, Boardtaan, the Oakland
capitalist, will be given another opportu
nity to prove that he was not the | ardent
but fickle wooer. offMro.1 Elizabeth : Glad
stone, a two-time widow, of Green street.
In a breach of promise suit Instituted by
Mrs. Gladstone a, jury recently found a
verdlot. in her favor ai id against Board
man for $2S,000 damages. Judge Hunt has
intervened, however, between Mrs. Glad
stone and her enjoyment of the sum al
lowed her by the jury and in an opinion
handed ' ¦ down * yesterday, . in • which tha
court expresses its doubts as to the merit
of the old lady's claim, anew trial of the
action is ordered. :
The -opinion is as fellows:
ise Suit, After Stating That th©
. Capitalist Is More Senile
¦ Than Ardent.
Orders New Trial In Breach-of -Prom-
Declares; Him the Victim of
the Cupidity- of Two
.'Women' »
COURT PITIES
AGED AND RICH
MR. BOARDMAN
' . nouncement. ' '
1 ATLANTA. Ga./ Dec. 26.— A controversy'
having arisen between two Atlanta news
papers over the charge by one of them
"that former President Cleveland :. ; had.
voted for Mr. McKinley at the , last elec
tion, the Atlanta Journal to-da/; received
In reply to a telegram an autograph let
ter from Mr. . Cleveland In which. he says
he did- not vot» tor President McKtaisy,
Settles a Controversy Between Two
Journals by Making the An-
CLEVELAND DID NOT
VOTE FOR McKLNMTS
take personal charge of his campaign for
re-election as United States Senator. He
will stay here until after the Legislature
has disposed of the Senatorial question.
The followers of J. R. Burton, the op
position candidate, are exercised over the
report that J. L. Bristow.- Fourth Assist
ant Postmaster General, Is coming to aid
Mr. Burton In his light.
Senator Baker said to-night that he was
confident of re-election, ; and the Burton
men make the same claim with the same
degree of confidence. •
Senator Declares That He Is Confi
dent of Re-election to the
Senate.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 26.— Senator Lu
cien Baker arrived here to-day and will
BAKER GOES TO MAKE
A PERSONAL CANVASS
marsh as Governor of'Benguet, Province
of Luzon, but as all such appointments
are subject to the approval of the War
Department, he undoubtedly would get
the information in due course of time. He
was confident that if the Philippine Com
mission had appointed Whitmarsh Gov
ernor of Benguet. it was a thoroughly
proper- appointment. No objections had
been made against 'the appointment.l as
far as be was aware, on the ground that
Mr. Whitmarsh was a British subject, or
on any other ground. The cable was not
used by the - Philippine Commission
in reporting such matters, the mails
being regarded as sufficient for such pur
peses, and the Secretary said he eupposed
the usual course would be followed in the
case of Mr. Whitmarsh.
Secretary Root Doubts That a British
Subject Has Been Appointed
to Office.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 26. —Secretary
Root said today that he had not been in
formed of the appointment of H. T. Whit-
HAS CONFIDENCE IN
THE TAFT COMMISSION
Mr. Pulido, Venezuelan Charge d*Af
faires, has received no advices from Cur
acoa Indicating that an outbreak has oc
curred, and he seems to be of the opinion
that a condition of peace exists.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 26.— Advices re
ceived at the State Department from Min
ister Loomis disassociate the revolution in
Venezuela from the dispute which has
arisen between two American syndicates
for a Pitch Lake concession. Mr. .Loomis
did not give the cause oC the latest re
volt, nor Indicate Its seriousness, but he
stated there was need for a warship, and
the Hartford has consequently returned
to I>a Guayra from Curacoa. The Hart
ford will remain in Venezuelan ¦waters so
long as Mr. Loomis may think her pres
ence desirable. * .* jt
Given. Authority to Sold the Hart
ford in Venezuelan Waters as
Long as Necessary.
MINISTER LOOMIS SAYS
WARSHIP IS NEEDED
sentatives Burton and i Foss. chairmen re
epectively of House Committees on Riv
ers and Harbors, and Naval Affairs,
have rrrenged to visit Seattle anu otlier
points on Puget Sound In the State of
Washington after the adjournment of
Congress. Other members of - these com
mittees will probably Join them oa the
trip. ¦ %
The. Senators and Representative, from
the Pacific Northwest are uiaking unus
ual efforts to obtain increased appropna
.Uons for livers and harbors and for the
i enlargement of the Puget Sound Naval
i Station near Seattle. This station is al
| ready equipped for making repairs to the
I largest battleships The Senators and
' Representatives from the State of Wash
ington claim Puget Sound is entitled to
special consideration from the Govern
ment on account of the enormous growth
1 of Oriental trade through those ports and
I the increase of army transport and other
Government business at Seattle.
Chairmen of Souse Committee on
Rivers and Harbors Respec
tively to Visit the City.
WASHINGTON. D. C. I>ec. "26.— Repre-
SEATTLE WORKING FOR
GOVERNMENT HELP
participant in the benefits of the trust.;
The case was that of Edward Lowry vs.
The Tile. Mantel and Grate Association of
California. Columbia Encaustic Tile Com
pany, United States Encaustic Tile
"Works, W. W> Montague & Co.. Bush &
Mallett Co., Mangrum & Otter, Bennett &
Schutte and others. The defendants are
doing business peyerally In San "Francisco,
Sacramento and -San Jose. The plaintiff
alleged that the defendants are members
of a trust and that as such they were
pledged not to sell to or buy from any
person firm or corporation not a member
of the' association. Plaintiff also alleged
that he had not been able to become a
member of the association and participate
In Its benefits because a unanimous vote
of the association was required for the
election of members and that there were
business enemies of his in the association
who would prevent him becoming a mem
ber. He alleged that certain firms In the
association, particularly the Columbia En
caustic Tile Company, had refused to sell
him the iroods in his line of business,
polely for the reason that he was not a
member of the association, and that he
had suffered thereby actual damages in
the sum of $10,000, for which amount,
treble as under the Sherman act, he asked
Judgment.
The case was submitted yesterday after
noon, and Judge Morrow charged the jury
that the evidence showed that the asso
ciation was organized on July 7, 1S3S. a.nd
that a constitution and by-laws were
adopted on July 14 of the same year. By
the constitution and by-laws members were
prohibited, under renalty of expulsion,
from Felling to or buying from any per
son, firm or corporation not a member of
the association. The direct consequence
of this agreement, the court said, is to
restrain commerce between the States.
The testimony showed further, the court
added, that since the association was or
ganized the prices of the products have
been increased two or three times. "It is
a monopoly of trade, and as such Is pro
hibited by the act." The only question
for the Jury to decide, he said, was the
amount of damages that the plaintiff had
actually suffered. The court would multi
ply that sum by three. - i ',•"?•
to decide was the amount of damages ac
tually suffered by the plaintiff as a non-
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday gave the .death blow to another
trust "in restraint of interstate com
merce" by instructing a jury that the
Tile. Mantel and Grate Association of
California and its associates were a trust
of the kind prohibited by the Sherman
anti-trust act, J.nd that all the iuiy had
Large Number of Important Califor
nia Firms Are Placed TJnder
Ban of Sherman Anti-
Trust Act.
Judge Morrow Instructs the
Jury to Convict It of
Misdemeanor.
TILE TRUST
RECEIVES ITS
DEATH BLOW
THE SAJS" ¦¦¦FRANOISGO % CALL, THTJRSDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1900. \
Remains of the Late Virginia Jaekson Will Be
TEARS TO MING LE WITH
AS H ES OF DEAD ACTRESS
5
.Window Glass to Go TJp.
,; HUNTINGTON,- .W "/Va. ';- Dec. ; 26.^The
independent ? glass <comDine, - recently^ 6r-
ganlzedrijWlll, : on "January • 1. ' advance the
price on airwlndow/slass 15 per cent.
The restful tonic, that quiets nerves, ' Induces
Blumber, brings appetite and strength to those
weakened by illness. 1b the, preparation of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n, which fact
guarantees its quality. Sold by all druggists.
1 • f*T%YX A rn 1
I CLEARANCE SALE!
I WILL COMMENCE THIS DAY 1
§ AT THE LEADING CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE ON THE §
X .- , PACIFIC COAST.. g
I BARGAINS TOO INNUMERABLE TO MENTION. |
1 . Bflfl JL HBH I
g SPECIAL ITEM DESERVING OF §
b THE ATTENTION OF THE PUBLIC I g
I innn misses* and children's gapes^I
| I UUU special purchase, great reductions, |
I • will be offered at 50c on the dollar* 1
1 71 142=1146 Market Street. I
It will be noticed that the Governor says
he has. not had occasion to use Pe-ru-na
for other ailments. The reason for this is.
most other ailments begin with a cold.
Using Pe-ru-na .to promptly cure colds,
hs protects his family against other a:i-
ments. This Is exactly what every other
family in the United States should do.
Keep Pe-ru-na In the house. Use It for
coughs, colds, la grippe, and other clim-
atic affections of winter, and there will
be- no other ailments In the house. Such
families should provide themselves with a
copy of Dr. Hartman's free book, entitled
"Winter Catarrh." Adress Dr. Hartman,
Columbus. Ohio.
CAPITOL BUIi-DING, SALEitl. OREGON.
A Letter From the Exeautlve Office of Oregon
cure colda. Is to cheat catarrh out of Its
victim?. Pe-ru-na not only cures catarrh,
but prevents. Every household should b«?
supplied with this great remedy for
coughs, colds and so forth.
¦ ;.The Governor of Oregon Is an ardent
admirer of Pe-ru-na. -He keepa It contin-
ually In the house. In a recent letter to
Dr. Hartnfan he says:
State of Oregon.
Executive Department,
Salem. May 9, 1898.
The Pe-ru-na Medicine po., Columbus. O.:
.Dear Sirs:— I have had occasion to use
your Pe-ru-na medicine In my family for
colds, and It proved to be an excellent
remedy. I have not had occasion to use
It for other ailments.
Tours very truly, W. M. LORD.
Any man who ¦wishes perfect health
must be entirely free from catarrh. Ca-
tarrh Is well-nigh universal; almost om-
nipresent. Pe-ru-na Is the only absolute
safeguard known. A cold Is the begin-
ning of catarrh. To prevent colds, to
Poa&Sireiy cored *sj tbeao ,
Little Pills.
'Tfceyalsortjlkve Distress &T3m Drspepri^ ;
fadfeestloo and Too Hearty Eating. Ape*. I
feet «cra*dy tat Dizziness, Nausea, Drowrf. I
ness, Bad Tasfceta the Mouta, Coated Tcngix •
Paiaia the Side, TOSPID UVER. They I
Regulate the Bcrods. Purely Vegetable. . j
Smatt Fin, Small Dose, j
Smag Ptlcetm'
STATEmENT
— OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FIDELITY and DEPOSIT
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE, IN THE ETATB OF
Min'.sr.i. on th*> Slst day of r>ecernber.
A. D. lSi*S. ana for the rtar eaila* on that
Ciy, as mace to the Irsuranc« Commisdoner
cf the State ot California, pursuant to th*
Eiwisioas of Sections' 610 and €11 of the Po-
litical Code, cendeneed as per blaaic fnniiabeil
by tile CommlEBioner:
LAFITAL.
Arr.c-j-t of Capital Stock, paia up in
Cash 11.500,000 00
ASSETS.
I?eaJ Efrato owned by Company ...... $SOO,000 00
CtLth Market Value of all Stocks and
Bends <itvrie<1 by Company S.152.407 <*>
Cash in C.-ropaxy * Orflce M.JS4 17
Cash in Banks 840.964 OS
Premium* in due Course of Cotlee-
tioa 126.97J 13
Total Aesrta S4.2S7.4O4 87
LIABILITIES. - —
Losses AfljV^ted and unpaid $4.1*7 21
Ivosfe* In process of Adjustment or
la Suepense .'. R7U 11
Gioft premiums «n Ricks runnlnc
one year or lesa, $1.224, ST8 <6; r«-
Ic^urance JO per c«at S12.1W S3
Total Liabilities J649.CM 79
rrccoMn _— _
ICet ces& actually received for pre-
rrJuiaa IW.'Al IS
Xleceivefl for interest and dividend*
on Bends. Stocks. Loans and from
all other aourcea tl.E17 5J
"Tleceived for Rents IS.1JS i$
Eec*jT*d for comn^teslcas. Safe De-
poelt Dept.. etc 1K.420 SS
Total lucerne JL182.619 45
EXPENTJITTRES.
JCet amount paid for Losses J227.429 C4
X)!\-iaend8 to Stockholders 2O7.4SS 00
Paid or allowed for CoreistssSon or
Eroker&c* TU.2M H
PiUd for Salaries. Fees and ether
chanrea for officers, clerk*, etc 7V.33S >1
I*Rld for State. National and L»ocaJ
Ta.xem 44.444 00
Jill otaer partnents and expenditures 184, 411 14
Total Expemjltcrw..... ($60.91 S3
EDWIN TTARFTEXD. PreBldent.
H. E. BOSLER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th
day cf January, 1900.
FP.ED. S AXTELL, Notary Public
FRANK LT~GILBERT,
GENERAL AGENT,
ROOMS 24-25 TENTH FLOOR,
MILLS BUILDING,
San Francisco.
?o-a-o^o-^ o-«-o ? o ¦?¦ o*-o+-o+o-*-a»e«
0 X
iT r~*~* IS A
•? II Hatural Mineral Water |
? rVsS known fpr csnturlea and *
10 EpS^k imported q
I 4gSi 0>LY IN bottles - o
? Per Disordered Stenaci ?
X jjjffi&gg* aai Iadigertien. J
O 'i"***Z. - """*t T *" Tal «e has been teeti. o
X hgT~'^7~*Z tizd t0 *y thousands. ?
> VTCHY*** So-called Vichy in Sy. 9
phons 5
;? W&&&M f S NOT VICHY. ?
";? ' Get th ° Genulne - - T ?
Smp3£:-tJFi*i. Tour phypiclan Q
ffis'x^.fjit^ wi:i reoocimend it. ?
% A TIGKISR. DiitribsUiplg-tEt J
Broken
Eyeglass
Tjeomtm r^r-af*^ cr SO eer.ta.
Act At'.jrTr.etis lecses duplicated for 9L.OO
and ffl-'O.
Guar»nte«l corr»<:t anfl test Quality.
OexystB* pre«crtptlcn» filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPTICIANS Photog^ pH^ P *^ w -
642 Market 5t. instruments
•jk5£3 CMPOMiCU ru'LSi^f-. !j»T1 !, Pr-MF Terr
TONC F"O CHY,
t Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI,
graduate of Cantoa Medical
Collegre. after a very cucceea-
ful practice of many yean In
China, hae located in San
Francisco. The eurprtelng- and
marvelous cures effected by
hi« herbs oeraonFtrate their
potence and bis skill. These
herb* cure over 400 different
diseases, including Bright'*
Di*ea*e, Diab«e«. Consump-
tion. Asthma. Paralysis, Brain,
¦Wrve Cancers. Tumors, Blood. Male and Pe-
r-ale ilaladies. All j>ersons afflicted with any
k'nd of malady whatsoever are invited to calL
Office 7*7 Washington et. Office hours— 9 a,
rn' to'l2*m., 1 to 9 p. ra.; Sunday*. 10 a. m. to
l?'m Accept grateful thanks for efteetlnf,*
Lre of -th— or ygaffi^ IT d RafaeL
BAJA CALIFpRNIA
Damiana Bitters
1 6 A GREAT RESTOIIATIVE. XN'VIGORA-
* tor end Nervine.
The moet wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for ibe Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Uemedy for Dis-ases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABEK. ALFS £ BRUNE. Agents.
ta Market «t.. S. F.— <Send for Circulars.)
TiUl *a joaz own borne, we
sfl*aTj^CX'£iG^?23a tarSi** the aj>d
l^4^^r -^^S&ti ululxui" i- '¦ rsxciuic nzin
Oi- V-!a 'ZtTfclW [Ji to any ,-ctAer of this paper.
~^*Sgff2^ '*-* rttt »—ltl»»yar»»t— i COSTS
trie fcriu, cppn*>n« u « r»c«!l« ftlt {JUKI ptJRCJtor
moJ»djann0aHtn«nte. OSLYML'SCCtBI for »" ner^ >
«lisea«es. we*kne»»c« and disorders. For co^P 1 ***
SEARS, ROEBUCK A CO., Chicago.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
;.• 'a a if r fi &i a f\ ' '- ¦ f\ f -i% n rn a II
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEfiEENTS.Right^of Succession to the Presidency
Is a Matter of Keen Rivalry.
THURSDAY DECEMBER 27, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^ Proprietor.
LUnu ill Cemmsnict.tiess U W. B. LEASE, Kiatger.
FCBLICA.T1OX OFFICE.. .Mar&et >nd Third. S. V.
Telephone Pre>B 201.
EDITORIAL.' nOOSIS SIT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press SO2.
Dellrered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copies, B Cents.
Terms l»y Mall. Including Postages
DAILT CAIJ* cindudlng Sunday), one year J6.00
DAII/T CALL (Including Sunday). S months 2.03
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month .....; *5c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Farr.ple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail KUbReribei-* In ordering chant' of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In ord^r
to insure a prempt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadxray
C. GEORGE KltOGXESS.
Hisigtr Fereiga A£mt!s:£g. Ktr^cette Boildiag, Chicago,
(Long Distance Telephone "Central t61».")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
KETW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEX II. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. a Union Square:
Murray E1U Hotel. ______
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehero saa House; P. O. New« Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., X. W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BR.AXCH OFFICES— SIT Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
uatll »:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until J:30 o'clock. 63J
McAllleter, open until *:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
S:80 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clocic 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
On the Santa Fe starts for Chicago Tuesday
momtnf, January 1st. at nine o'clock, and
will leave daily thereafter at same hour. It
will be a duplicate cf the Limited of last sea
son, except that entirely new equipment has
been provided. The Pullman Sleepers each
contain ten »ectlon» ~and two drawing rooms.
The Observation Car. with Its wida plate j!isj
windows, affords unobstructed views of tha
surrounding. country. All meals en route are
served In new Dining Cars, under the man
agement of Mr. Fred Harvey. This sumptuous
train runa^ from San Francisco -to Chicago la
75 hours. 'Get a handsome Foldee. describing
rt fully, at Santa Fe Office, 841 Market street.
The California Limited
If a man possesses the rudiments of
wisdom he will formally decline to writ©
his name on tho back of a note as a mat
ter of form.
Special information, supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*.
Choice candies, Townsend'a.Palace Hotel.*
New fire-etched boxes at Townsend's.*
All new stock of candles at Townsend's.*
Kenty.of fruit at Townsend'a.
."A throws 11 at a raffle. C bet B will
beat it and B throws 11. Does C lose his
bet or win it? Answer— C loses, the tie
not answering to his proposition. The 11
was thrown before the bet was made, and
to beat 11 it is manifest a higher number
must be got. But when a man says be
fore a throw, 'I'll beat you,' a tie makes
the bet a standoff. Thus, if -A and B
throw dice and C in advance of the throw
pays, ¦ 'I bet that B will beat A's throw."
then A takes the converse of C's proposi
tion, and bythe acceptance of the wager
bets that he (A) will boat B."
SHAKING DICE— M., City. This corre
spondent writes: "A bets B that he will
beat him in any shake of dice he may
throw. B' shakes ¦ three sixes and A
Shakes three sixes. A claims that he did
not lose." The correspondent does not
state if this was a single throw with
three dice, but presumably it was. If that
wai the case it was a foolish bet, for A
must have known that there was a possi
bility of B throwing- three sixes, the high
est-possible, and that he could not possi
bly, beat that throw. The law governing
dice-throwing is laid down by Hoyle In a
decision as follows:
. WATER' CASES— M. T. C, City. In
the California Reports, 90 -Cal., p. 635,
there is a report of the action of Steward
vs. The City Water Company of Los An
geles, in which it was decided that a wa
ter company .has the right to shut oft wai
ter from a 'consumer when the consumer
refuses to pay for the water supplied.
In 67, Cal., p. 120. there is a case of
JlcCray vs. Bpudry, In which it is held
that "a person engaged in furnishiiHr wa
ter to the inhabitants of a city under a.
franchise permitting him to lay pipes
through the streets for that purpose an.1
to sell water, cannot, without reasonable
cause, shut off the water from one who is
using the same at a fixed rate." These
are the only California cases cited.
phical Society oT the Pacific. Mariners*,
Mercantile. Native Sons. . Parrott law.
Public (free) 'San Francisco Bar Associa
tion, San Francisco Medical Society San
Francisco Law, California Pioneers, Mills'
Law, Supreme Court, Sutro, Theosophical,
Wells. Cargo & Co.. Young Men's Christ
ian Association, and Young Women's
Christian Association. .".'.-
Cur Growing Navy.
While these developments of the- last
sixteen years have been taking place the
TJnlted States haa moved upward from,
near the bottom of the list of the world 3
naval powers to tha fourth place; and in
actual warfare the United States navy
haa earned a distinction which has put
its vessels Into the first place among the
warships of the world. Except for Japan,
which did not build her own navy, Ameri
can vessels alone of the vessels of mod
ern navies have been put to the test, and
have given the world proof of their capa
bility and power. The achievements of
the American navy have gone into his
tory. But it is not always kept in mind
that the building of the navy has had
its part in the creation of an industry
which in the early years of the new cen
tury must inevitably become one of th>
foremost industries of the country.—BOS
TON TRANSCRIPT.
Important to Italy.
The announcement . that the Queen of
Italy will in a few months become a
mother Is of great importance in the af
fairs of that country. The hope of both
the royal pair and the people will proba
bly be for a son, and if It shall be real
ized the rejoicing? will be unbounded.
Such an event indeed will go far toward
strengthening the throne. The King is a
delicate man, and the fear has been tnat
there would be no issue from the mar
riage, and this has depressed both lha
King and all the friends of his house.
But a son, and especially if he shall show
the reinforcement of the maternal blood
and rive promise of vigor, will enlarge all
the calculations of the house of Savoy.
The arrival, we may be sure, will be cele
brated far and wide throughout Italy.—
WASHINGTON STAR.
Wliat the South May I>o.
The Macon Telegraph asks: "»¦?• w»
cot had enough of fusion with nell ana
partnership with death V It notes the
fact that "a majority of the voters of the
South refused to go to the polls In No
vember," and the even more significant
fact that "the Republican vote showed
marked gains (240,000 more la the South
ern States than in 1S96) at a time when
the negroes refused to vote even wnere
they could," while the T>emocratlc vote
in thesa States fell oft nearly 600,000 from
that of 1S96 and three-quarters of a mil
lion below the combined opposition vote
of 1S92. Fusion, free silver and Bryan ar«
recognized by the Democrats of the South,
as played out: and everlastingly "done
up." It remains to be seen if they have
sufficient initiative and vigor to resume
their old and natural and successful alli
ance with the Democrats of the East ana
the Middle West.— NEW YORK WOULD.
"Bobs" 19 a great general, but he d!«J
not conquer the Boers. He entered the
war at the most favorable moment £<•.*
his own reputation— when the British
army had attained its greatest numbers,
and when other generals, by their hlun*
uering. had already exposed the essential
points of the strategic situation and hs.-l
received the hardest- blows which the en
emy at that time could give. He reached
Pretoria by the 9heer weight of over
whelming number, but, in response to
political considerations urged by the Gov
ernment, he went so fast as to damasro
severely the efficiency of his own party.
He took Pretoria, but ha4 taken prisem-jr
neither 3Ir. Kruger nor Mr;' Steyn, nor
PUBLICAN.
What "Bobs" Has Done.
Future of Cuba.
The more the -subject is considered, the
more variously it is viewed, the more
clearly does it appear that the adoption
•of the Teller resolution was a great mis
take; that we ought to have taken posses
sion of Cuba Just as we took possession
of Porto Rico and of the Philippines, and
that the original blunder having* been
committed the only thing for us to » do
now pending the request which th« Cu
bans themselves will eventually make fo?
annexation is not to permit the control
at least of the fcreign affairs of the Isl
and to pass out of our hands. — PHILA
DELPHIA INtJl'lRER.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
"Mahy^a man has ;had a -merry Christmas,; but: it is'
doubtful if there ;be; one ./ whoseVChristmas kept r him'
more continually /on; the jump .thanrthat of Kitchener.'
"round robin" attacks upon his news censorship".
with the proposed construction of a Pacific cable to
insure g-overnmental ownership. Uncle Sam is evi
dently fixed in his purpose that there shall be no more
are amply provided in that field by his Honor the
Mayor.
A determined effort is being made in connection
Our local officials who are still quarreling over the
expense of the elaborate furniture which they insist
shall adorn and decorate their apartments should re
flect just long enough to understand that they, were
neither elected nor appointed to be ornaments. We
"The London preacher who had the audacity to at
tack the ••' Prince* of 'Wales/ and Lord r Rosebery .for
their too : evident enthusiasm .• for the racetrack is evi
dently ;no^ /looking Jor, that* governmental preferment
which finds •expression in a good living.
San -Francisco appears- to. beundulging one phase
of boyish precocity . which : might^. justly; and . ' ju
diciously be corrected in the, reform schools. We
have had altogether too many "boy burglars" of late
The people of Berkeley who are making their stub
born'.-. fight for town- temperance . have . overlooked a
powerful object lesson whichwould have aided -their
cause. They should have seen a little army of repen
tant "celebrators" who faced,: with hanging heads, a
San" Francisco Police Judge • Christmas morning. t ,''
; LIBRA RIES-rK|.O. H^- Hanford. Cal. 1
The libraries of i San Franciaco/pther than !
private,^ are: /Bancroft's; ¦.B'ne-:;; B'rith; !
TBoysV ;Free, ! /California 1 Academy : ol \
Sciences,"iCallfornia ! State: Mi ning:Bureau,'
Chamber' ; of --Commerce.-- French' ¦ Geo
graphical Society - of -'"'California. Geogra- "!
POSTAGE STAMPS-:T. B. H., Upper
Lake, 1 " Cal?I- Postage ' stamps were first : in
troduced ?iriJ the' United * States : In' 1845 as
provislonalt issues, v: The * general • issue 'of
stamps ; was '¦ introduced < in r 1S47. .when J it
;was! required postage r on .letters
should ¦: he." prepaid. Stampede envelopes
"were : first « introduced : in- 18o2 , and ? postal
; cards, in 1872.* ;V-VJ-- ', •
Cal. Dealers ' offer from 40i to 75 cents \ for
a dlme"of;lS07., If you wish to buy one
from dealers you .will have to pay from 73
cents to $1 25. •„ '''-.' _' ;-;.v -¦-'¦ :;r '.' '
A 'CAROLUS COIN— Subscriber. Bul
lards Bar; - Cal. -A" Soanlsh coin; of 1783
the size" of half a dollar. Issued during tho
reign ; of Carolus IV,'' has a market ,value, J
according : to • dealers, of from 7a cents ; to
$1 25. - That t is • their ' selling = priced They
do not purchase' such coins. , • ;
; : BLACKLISTING-^Subscriber. ; Oakland,
Cal. I Whether; a man ; who has been black
listed - by ¦ a Icorporation has * any redress
i at - law" s is , a matter * that - would \ depend
upon . the •• conditions ' and • one ¦¦ that can ; be
: answered i" only ': by •¦: a •¦ reputable -' attorney
upon^ a ' presentation * of • all ¦ the ¦ facts.'- * -
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A : PREMIUM COIN— C. v P.. Vacavllle,
More Compliments.
* (Healdsburg Tribune.) . : *
The San Francisco; Call issued a splen
did number last Sunday, a very creditable
Christmas edition, beautifully illustrated
and full of j the world's current news,.in
teresting : special- • stories, ir scenes and
events. -The Call is a very popular paper,
second to : none ; on" this - coast, *. and spar
ing ; no ' expense t .to ; excel and make . Itself
popular with the people of California. As
her- great building towers above all adja
cent ¦ structures so does The Call tower
above all competitors.
Considering the commerce from the per capita
standpoint, the contrast between the import and ex-
port figures is even more phenomenal. Following the
records of our commerce back to 1870, it is found that
the imports when considered in the light of. the actual
population have decreased rather than increased/while
the per capita of exports has enormously increased.
In 1870 the population was 38,558,371 and the imports
$461,132,058, an average per capita of $11 96." In
1880 and 1890 the per capita was a little over. $13; in
i 1895 it had fallen to $11 47,' and in 1900 will be about.
$10 oo.^ On the export side the showing is even more
striking. In 1870 the exports per capita amounted;
to $10*46; in 1885 to $12 26;-ini8ob to $13 69, and in
1900 will be'about $19 42. Thus the imports show =
since 1870 a slight reduction per capita, while the ex
ports have almost doubled per capita during the same
period. v ;
Gratifying as is the showing made by those figures,
it does not tell the whole story, for considering the.
balance of trade, from the per capita standpoint, the
development startling. In 1870 imports exceeded ;
exports by ¦$57,546,048, and the excess of imports qw
exports amounted to $1 50 per capita. By 1875 'the
balance had turned in our favor, but amounted to only
17 cents per capita. By 1885 it amounted to $1 79 per
capita, and in 1900 will amount- to about $8 50 •per
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that the commercial statistics of the year will
show that the exports of the United States and
the balance of trade in their favor are greater than
ever before in history. In other words, we are to
close the last year of the century with a degree of
commercial prosperity, that in some respects would
have been considered marvelous had it been predicted
a decade ago. '
The reports say that basing the estimates for thi
year upon the eleven months' actual figures already
received by the Treasury Bureau of Statistics, it
seems probable that* the exports of the calendar year
1000 will reach about $1,476,000,000, and the imports
$825,000,000, making the excess of exports over im
ports, or favorable balance of trade, $645,000,000, a
sum greater by $25,000,000 than that of any preceding
A MARVELOUS RECORD.
Editor Call: Instructions from Wash
ington show that practically the. same
rules; will be in force for stock grazing
on the Forest Reserves next season that
were Introduced last year. Permits will
be granted upon application for the graz
ing of horses and cattle upon' conditions j
stated in printed of application
furnished by the' Government.
Stockmen who failed to obtain permits
last year should at once write; the super
intendent at- Fresno for application"
blanks. •,
To those who had permits last yeai^
blanks will be mailed for new applica
tions. Truly yours.
CHARLES L. NEWH ALL.
, . . . Forest Superintendent.
. Fresno, Cal., Dec, 18, 1000.
INFOBMATION FOR STOCKMEN.
CAUTORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— R. G. Lincoln
of San Francisco is at the National.
It is "to be noted, moreover, that recent reports
fromlSouth Carolina show that the business is prov
ing profitable in these good- times. It is .said the
State orders for December included 2500 barrels of
whisky, - and ; a single Pennsylvania factory has been
given a contract for 150 carloads of flasks, which will
make the largest shipment of. merchandise ever sent
South. .Tillman is not much of a? statesman, but he
seems to : have' scored well with his dispensary policy.
From that statement it. appears ; the > only notable
difference" between the British 'plan and that in force
in South Carolina is that the j British propose to fur
nish liquor through state dispensaries to restaurants,
while under Tillman's plan the dispensaries deal di
rectly with, the. consumer. ' A
The London Chronicle in "discussing certain plans,
which Lord Grey has for "uniting temperance" reform
with national profit" says: "His idea is that the pub
lic house may at once"be made less harmful than it is
to the individual and a source of revenue to the na
tion by conducting it in the interests of the state in
stead of in those.of the private publican.
these reformed conditionsthe public house would be
a house of refreshment where alcohol could be ob
tnined in its natural proportion to other articles of
food and • it would not be a % mere drinking
bar, as it now is, and it would not be to trie in^ereot
of the manager to push unduly, the salerof intoxicants.
Any profits derived would [ be administered for . the
public benefit. This is a move in the direction of
sanity and common sense, and. would be an improve
ment indeed on the -Gothenburg system."'
GREAT BRITAIN is about the last place in the
- : English speaking world in which we would
expect to" find followers of the policies of
Senator Tillman, and yet it appears likely a serious
effort will be made at the coming session of Parlia
ment to establish state dispensaries for the sale of
intoxicating liquors, the scheme to be carried t out
on lines similar to those which Tillman adopted in
South Carolina. .
STATE LIQUOR DISPENSARIES,,
P. F. Cadle, a merchant at Stockton, is
at the California.
J. E. Terry, wife and son of Sacramento
are at the Palace.
, \\. H Nichols, a. Portland rancher, is
'registered at the. Grand.
James G. Coffin of Stanford University
is registered at ¦ the Palace.
Thomas- J. Kirk,- State Superintendent
of Schools, Is at the Palace. f
C ..C. Van Lfew. principal of the State
Normal School at Chico, is at the Lick.
J. B. de Jarnatt. a prominent Colusa
mining man, is among the late arrivals at
the Occidental.*
C, E. Smith, . commercial agent for the
Chicago.^ Rock Island, & Pacific Railway
at Los Angeles, is in the city.
Y. G. Rowley, of the Pacific Mall Steam
ship Company, arrived in this city yester
day, and is stopping at the Russ.
C. W. Smith, city passenger' agents of
the Burlington route, returned yesterday
from a month's trip to Chicago and New
York! -
"W. C, Langdon of Fredonia, N. Y., is
i registered at the California. He is on his
\ay to' China, where he goes to engage in.
missionary work.
Frank B. "Wlnshlp, traveling passenger
aid freight agent of the Illinois Central,
leaves' to-day, to spend New Year's with
relatives in Los' Angeles.
P. S weed, a Petaluma merchant, Is at
the Grand. ' ; . .
George W. Henderson of San Jose Is at
the Occidental. . , > /.;.'¦. \ . . ', : ';-J^i.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The pledge provided in the bill is almost identical
with that of the act of 1897, but it is coupled with the
requirement that the voter shall write his name
opon the roster stating the party whose ballot he de
sires to vote. Finally election officers are to be al
lowed a nominal" compensation of one dollar a day
to avoid any question as to the constitutionality of a
law compelling a citizen to render service to the pub
lic without compensation.
Such are the essential elements of the bill. The
clause giving to independent voters the same privi
leges as may be exercised under the act by political
parties is designed to meet the objection made by ths
Supreme Court in the recent case brought before it
The measure appears to have been carefully consid
ered and to accord with all constitutional require
ments. Whether it should be enacted as it stands
can be determined only after full discussion upon all
bilfs designed for the like purpose which may be in
troduced. Every feature of it should be attentively
studied. California is in great need of a sound pri
mary election law, and the Legislature should be
careful to make no error this time in enacting one. v
The character of the measure may be estimated
from the following summary- Separate ballots are
provided for separate parties, and it is provided that
ts many ballots for different conventions may be pre
pared as the committee of any party may desire for
that party, so that if it be desired to have candidates
to State, district and county conventions elected upon
one ballot it may be done. The ballots of each party
are to be of a color different from that of another
party. Independent \oters are to have the same
privilege of holding conventions as members of po
litical parties. In the election of delegates to county
conventions not more than three precincts can b:
consolidated to elect delegates independently of
other precincts, but in conventions where more than
•one county is concerned the delegates may be elected
by Assembly districts.
In preparing his bill Senator Devlin has followed
the general lines of the act of 1899. In noting the
changes he has found it advisable to make he says:
•"I have endeavored to simplify matters by proceeding
on the theory that the Election Commissioners
should appoint the primary election officers, who
should receive the ballots at the primary and count
the same, leaving out all reference to State conven
tions, district conventions and local conventions, as
such matters should properly be left to the commit
tees of the respective parties. * * * In the law
o f 1809 there was aoparently no provision made for
the election of delegates^ to a State convention to
choose delegates to a national convention, and I have
endeavored to cover that point."
SENATOR RO3ERT T. DEVLIN of Sacra
mento has prepared for submission to the Leg
islature a bill providing for holding primary
elections under the supervision of the law, and as the
issue is to be one of the most important to be dealt
with at the coming session, he has very properly
furnished copies to the press in order that it may be
discussed and thoroughly understood not only by the
legislators but by the public as well. His action in
that respect merits commendation, for there exists
a danger that bosses and others who profit by frauds
at the primaries will be prompt to take advantage of
any opportunity to procure the enactment of an ade
quate law, or of one that would be declared invalid
by the courts.
FOR HONEST PRIMARIES
Not since the time at Nauvoo, when Brigham Young overcame rivalry and be-f
came the head of the church after the killing of Joseph Smith, has there been any
doubt as to the right of succession. The theory of the Mormon Church is that the
Lord Inspires the .Twelve Apostles in the naming of the church president, but in
variably the. presiding apostle has been chosen, and the presiding apostle has been
the senior one in term of service in the quorum- of the twelve, as the apostolic
organization is called. So heretofore it has been simply a formal matter to desig
nate a new head* of- the twelve Or a new head of the church. But when Apostle
Richards, the president of the twelve, died a few months ago, he bequeathed an
ecclesiastical problem to his brethren.
The president of the church has two counselors, who are chosen from among
the apostles. /Their apostolic functions are suspended while they act as counselors,
but if when their chief dies his successor does not retain them they go back to
their seats among the apostles. George Q. Cannon and Joseph F. Smith are the
counselors of President Snow. -Cannon became an apostle in 1860, and Smith
reached the apostolic rank in 1867. But Brigham Young, son of the prophet, -was
ordained an apostle by his father's favor in 1855,, although he did not become an
actual member of the apostles' quorum until 1868, after Cannon and Smith had
taken seats in it. and he claims seniority, with the right of succession, on the
ground of his earlier ordination.,
'When the apostles were confronted with the duty, of selecting, a chief on the
death of Richards, they evaded a decision of the question of succession involved
by leaving the position of president of the twelve vacant. To take the place George
Q. Cannon would have been compelled to retire from his present position. In which
he is regarded by many as virtually the head of- the church. On the other hand,
the elevation of Brigham Young would have been a concession, according to prece
dent, of his claim to the church presidency. So the failure to select a chief apostle
is regarded as on the whole indicating the preference of a majority of the apostles
in behalf of Cannon. But Young and his adherents hope that his name has not '
yet lost its power to conjure, and that the favoritism shown him by his father will
have strong influence in compelling recognition of his claim..
ONLY the life of a feeble old man, according to latest advices from Salt Lake
¦ City, is between the- Mormon Church and a crisis affecting 1 the succession
to its presidency. Lorenzo Snow, the present head of the church, Is 86
years of age, and the state of his health gives his people frequent appre
hension and causes consideration of the question as to his successor.
Speaking at Glasgow recently upon university ques
tions, Lord Rosebery is quoted as saying that for
university work of our time an institution founded to
day has an advantage over one founded in the fif
teenth century. No doubt in those ancient institutions
there is much in; the way of historic association to
stimulate earnestand noble young minds, birt to
stimulate to scholarship and to supply scholarship are
two different things. The r student needs iniore than
venerable halls and their memories oi great names.
He needs an up-to-date plant and first-class men to
instruct him in making use of it.
Out of the moral of this experience of old Scot
land young California can draw a lesson useful at
this time. .If a university so renowned as Edinburgh
cannot hold its own without an increased revenue;
surely we" cannot expect •Berkeley to compete with
the great universities "of the United States without
adequate income. At Berkeley there is no lack of
students. On the contrary, there are more than the
university can' properly care for, but that large at
tendance will not continue unless the university be
made equal to their rightful demands. The bill pro
viding for an increased revenue to the university
ought therefore to receive* aj willing support from
every legislator. It is one of the measures that should
certainly be enacted this winter. _
old schools is the lack of money. That lack prevents
them from providing a sufficient number of profes
sors and maintaining an adequate plant. Experience
is teaching them that Stanford was not hopelessly ab
surd when before founding his university at Palo Alto
he sought information as to .what a first-class univer
sity plant would cost. ? '
According to ' the reports that come to us, the
cause of the decline in attendance at these : famous
The years since those days are few, and "yet already
the most conservative and self-sufficient of universi
ties have learned that they have a plant, and that if it
be not kept'up to date the results are serious. Among
the universities that have learned that truth it ap
pears those of Scotland are to be numbered. Those
venerable institutions are not holding their own in
the world; they are not drawing students as they did
in former years. At one time the medical department
of the University of : attracted students
from all parts of America and /Europe, but the num
ber is now greatly diminished. It has : been recently
announced that the number -of medical
at the university has fallen in eight years from 2025
to 1 147. A similar decline in the number of students
is noted, moreover, at the universities' of • Glasgow,
Aberdeen and St. Andrew's. '.- In fact, the Scottish
universities are confronting a crisis. So far ¦ from,
drawing students from other lands, they are hardly
holding their own.
THE DEVELOPMENT OF UNIVERSITIES
WHEN Leland Stanford was going about the
country . studying the problems of university
, foundation and getting all the information he
could as to the best course to pursue in founding
the great institution he. had at that time in contem
plation, there was a story to the effect that, he' asked
President Eliot of Haivard what his "plant" cost-hint.'
Whether the story be true or false it caused a good,
deal of merriment in the East and wasToften cited as
a proof that great business magnates cannot under
stand the difference between a seat of "learning and a
factory. There was supposed to be something absurd:
in the supposition that Harvard had a "plant" and
that its value could be estimated in money. :
capita. ;Thus in the thirty years' the -balance of trade
has gone from a minus quantity of $1 50 per capita
to a plus quantity of $8 50 per capita, v -
: Such is the record of our commerce during the last
year of the nineteenth century. It sets a high mark
of prosperity for the twentieth century to attain and
surpass. We have reached the foremost place in the.
commercial .world as well as in the industrial. Our
trade * is now the greatest among nations, * and when
once we have built up an American merchant marine
sufficient 'to the needs of this vast commerce the do
minion of the seas will be ours.
The presence of such criminals and tie commission
of such a crime in this country may well stir our
people to thoughts of the imperfection of our civili
zation.
Our laws to punish abduction are very lenient.
They have been framed down to a current idea of
what that offense is. It is regarded as a charge that
may lie against the sighing stripling who elopes with
an old man's daughter, or against a divorced husband
o: wife who skips with the children. The Cudahy
case should remind State Legislatures, of which many
are to meet this year, that a statute should be framed
to punish abduction end demand for ransom. We
believe the penalty should be death, since the, crime
can be made productive to the criminal only by- the
threat to murder or inaira the prisoner held for ran
som. ; ;.; ¦-• ; ;_;
It is to be hoped that Mr. Cudahy has found such
trace of the gang that took his boy as will result. in
the capture of the miscreants, though they cannot bs
adequately punished.
Mr. Cudahy has taken steps to detect the criminals.
But if they are found the laws of Nebraska furnish no
punishment for the crime.
This case had very dramatic details. The father
received a letter directing him to drive over a certain
read, alone, at night, with a red lantern on the.dash
board of his buggy, and when he came to a white lan
tern to leave the money there and drive away. He
obeyed instructions, took the lonely drive with the
go© in his buggy, and in a brief time the boy was
dropped near home from a close carriage.
The case of the Cudahy boy, at Omaha, has excited
great interest, and all the detective intelligence of
the country is watching it. The father was warned
that his boy's eyes would be put out with acid if he
did not deposit a ransom of $25,000 in gold coin. He
paid the money and the boy was returned, safe and
sound.
They have means cf getting information about the
bank accounts of their intended prey, and .seem to
prefer fat English bankers, of the Cheeryble brothers'
type, for whom they receive an average of £6ooc
apiece. When the ransom is not forthcoming on th
first demand it is their rude custom to cut off an ear
of the prisoner and send it down to his friends duly
authenticated by himself over his own signature as
his ear. Along with the ea"r goes the information that
il no cash is in sight by a certain date" the other ear
will be sent down. The last ear is sure to come, too,
unless there is a payment. When the ears are gone
these pleasant people send down the nose, and have
been known to send also a finger at a time. They re
gard this pruning of the captive as the cutting off of
interest coupons on the amount they demand.
Their habits are so well known that the friends of
a captive generally lose no time in raising the money
required to secure a release.
The industry has .vaned of late years through the'
habit of the .Governments concerned of holding the
locality responsible and cutting off a few heads in the
neighborhood. This has proved salutary, and adipose
bankers are safer on the mountain roads of Italy and
Greece than for some years.
But as the industry has waned abroad it has waxed
here. Our bandits <lo not lie in wait by the moun
tain roads. They do not infest thinly populated but
picturesque sections rought by tourists for their
scenery. Their trade is plied in large cities. The first
noted instance of this horrible form of crime was the
kidnaping of Charlie Ross, the infant son of a rich
man in Philadelphia. The bandits offered to return,
him for $20,000 and no questions asked. But the po T
lice persuaded Mr. Ross that they could recover his
boy and no ransom v.tcd be paid. It is said that he
was also actuated by the feeling that if he yielded the
success of the wretches in getting money would not:
only encourage them but their imitators to commit
the same crime against other fathers. But he never N
saw his child again, and, after spending his fortune
in a vain search, died not long ago, a broken old
man. It is believed that the kidnapers killed the boy
and made way with his body to conceal the evidence
of their crime. Several other cases of the same kind
have occurred. The only noted case of the capture
of a ; grown person occurred in this city three 3*ears
ago. A rich Hawaiian planter was lured to.impris
onment in a house in a thickly populated part of the
city. He escaped after several days' confinement, and
his captor was identified and is now' serving a sen
tence at San Quentin.
THE world has long been entertained by tales ot
the sins of bandits in Italy and Greece who
make a^business of kidnaping travelers'and
holding'the same for a ransom. These bandits are
usually on good terms with the_ country people, upon
whom they sometimes bestow largess, and from whom
they occasionally recruit their ranks for an expedition
that requires an unusual force.
THE AMERICAN BANDIT.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY,* DECEMBER 27; 19Q0.
MORMON CHURCH IS
FACING A CRISIS
year.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "Naughty Anthony."
Columbia— Primrose and Dockstader Minstreli.
Central Theater— "The Heart of Maryland."
California— "At the White Horec Tavern."
Oryheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "An Officer of the Second."
Olyttpla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville even' afternoon and
evening-
Fischer** — Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Tavillon— Masquerade Ball, Monday evening, De-
Cfir-ber SI. *
Metropolitan Temple— Tale Glee and Banjo Clubs, Thursday
evening, January 3.
AUCTION SALES.
By. Wm. G. Layng— Saturday. December 23. at 12 o'clock.
Racehorses, at Tar.foran Racetrack. *>
Review of the Cen-
By justin McCarthy.
The Christ That Is ~ T
To Be. IN
By RHV. SAMUEL SLOCOMBE SZZS
Glimpses of the Fu- i-i-Hi
SUNDAY
The 50 MqstFamous
Men of the Century " GALL
¦ ' ¦ ¦¦'.«, . i
The Twentieth Cen-
tury Girl
¦ DECEMBER THIRTY.
Peck f s,BadBoyand NIN£T£ENHUNDRER
the Groceryman
StartforNewYork •
AND" A jHOST OF INTERESTING
: STORIES FOR THE NEW YEAR..Wrecks a Derrick.
-The derrick -erected on^ Seventh and
Berrvv streets by tho Southern ¦ • I'acliic
st' J.-jjAV, ' Griffiths ; and {wife < have', returned '
from Europe after a i seven "months' tour
of the v. Continent. '.'.#, j
Fire [ Chief ." Sullivan Out : Again.
t •„-¦ Chief ; Sullivan of the Fire; Department
.was able to be but yesterdayjfor^ the* first
• time • sine* ¦; he was • attacked \ by',pneu
monia.' « The Chief expects to "". bo able ' to
resume active work lira' day or -two. **
A grand ; ball will 5 bo?" given? next < Sat-'
¦ urday" evening;: by * the , A ncient I Order 'of
;Hlbernlahs," Division" 17.'^ The Vdaricei will
, tako < ' place -> at :^Oper"a'. Hall, 2131
; Mission *. street "bf-twe^ni Seven teenthf and
Eighteenth; ,. A :. large ¦ number ;of , Invita-'
, tlons have .been issued for the affair.
Hibernians . to Give a* Dance.
"The Columbia^ Social ;Club/i composed 1 of
members of Court" Columbia^ Foresters *of
AmericaJ'i.wiU 'give; its fifth, annual\ball in
Union"Square-Hairon New" Year'B eve,' ', I
Columbia Social ? Club.
The Challenge ', Is \ Out.
. "Wednesday^ 'January .the : 3d. : the ; great
challenge will ; take place^ln ,thfs ' ci t'y.7 • *
'¦. ."¦ .William': and Fred : Horstmeyer, sons * of
t he * late^I William : Horstmejcer. ; have t been
cited s to'; appear i before ' Judge '* Coftey ' for
examination as to Uhelr knowledge of , the
whereabouts : of ? certain effects belonging
to; decedent's • estate. * Marie Horstmeyer,
decedent's ; widow. v suspects the respond
ents : of /: having concealed money, - goods
nnd securities, and It. was at her instance
that the cltatiqn.was issued.
Claims , Money Is ; Concealed.
-Judge;; Cabaniss .yesterday ? signed \n
statement exonerating Abe Isaacs, a jew
eler of 343 Kearny street, ; from the chance
brought against him on -November 23 by
Manuel % Souza.1; who .» alleged ', that 1 ; Isaacs
had sold • hlmg a* "silverineV swatch- as a
Bilver . one. Isaacs was ; tried < a week ago
and -was discharged . by the Police -Judge:
Jeweler Isaacs Is > Exonerated.
.Valley ; Lodge,' Ancient \ Order of United
Workmen, the banner, lodge* of the 'order
numerically, after . having v occupied one
hall in' the Shlela building for : twenty-two
years, decided last ; night < to move into ' a
n< ; w \_ frater 0 al ~ horne - - Its i next meeting
will be In the Pioneer. building on Fourth
street. ............ ... ., ... .
Tu; Change Its Home.
The • Board of; Public Works yesterday
awarded tathe, contract (for building," the
bunkerg" for street* sweepings at the cor
ner of.' Eleventh » and * ; Bryant * streete '- to
Newsome,. McNelU & Co. for $4967. *$ Tha
Other • bidders were -- the » Dundon Bridge
Company, $6237; Atlantic, " Gulf . and -Pa
cific Company, $6144: City Street Improve
ment Company,* $5333.-%|&bg&2S£K l 3e^8S&!Pl
Bunkers for Street Sweepings.
Come Along.
Do not delay: , This week the greatest
shoe bargains in the world.'- You can wear
good : and i stylish : shoes ¦ by ,' buying • them
right in.therfght place. $3 shoes for men
and women to-morrow, for ?1 85 a pair, at
the assignee shoe sain of the Boston,' 773
Market street." near Fourth. —-.' . ••¦
.William O. Badger, James H. Barry,' Thomas
Morton. Joseph Gordon, Ed P. Danforth.' Tim
othy P. ~ Rlordtn. - Julius ¦ Platshek. P. O -
Aherne, Lowell Howe. B. A; Bchmitte, ¦ William
E.*.Lutz, John Elliott, Horace D.Dunn,' Robert
R. Vail. Christopher Dunker, Harry M. Kelly,
C»rl Henry.' H. H. Young and Harry •Kama
tell. '/4ffifeBnVBa9A89(B|gBH
Christopher Dunker was appointed fore
man by the court and the Grand Jury
appointed; Ed. P.. Danforth to the office
of . secretary.
A new Grand Jury was drawn yesterday
by Chief Deputy County \ Clerk Joseph*
Goddard before Judge : Bahrs. Following
are the names of • those drawn and who
now constitute the' local . Inquisitorial
body: ¦•¦¦..» HAbBMMM
NEW GRAND JUBY, DRAWN
IN JUDGE BAHRS' COURT
Nineteen Citizens Take Necessary
Oath and , Axe Beady f or ; In
. quisitorial Labors.
The cases of Zick 'Abrams, Joseph Peck
erman, AlL«vy; and Joseph Mohan, who
were arrested on a charge 7 of? vagrancy,
were '¦ dismissed by ; Judge Cabanlss " yes
terday on the ground that' the evidence
was insufficient. The police alleged that
the 1 defendants I had I been | selling pools on
races with hand books,' and 'as they could
not be convicted for selling pools It was
decided, to arrest. them for vagrancy. .
Poolmen Are i Not Vagrants.
Elizabeth ; S. f Dobson has been granted
divorce ' f f rom , David A.'.. Dobson on the
ground of desertion.. Suits .* for v divorce
were filed yesterday by Luella St. J. Y.
Faudre, against Crockett L. Faudre for
desertion.., May Gelnghry ' against James
O. Geinghry'for desertion, Frances Seid
enburg against : Richard Seidenburg • for
cruelty- and \ Jessie E.-Avery against
Frank M. A very for failure to provide.
In the Divorce Court.
Henry McCuen has filed suit to havo an
nulled his marriage to Hattle McCuen,
¦which was ¦ solemnized September 23 last
at Big Canyon, El Dorado County, Cal. J
McCuen alleges that he married the de
fendant at the earnest solicitation j of her
brother;. Albert C. Wilson, - and her broth
er-in-law/ Anson Davis,-, who backed their
solicitations "with .deadly weapons * on
them and threats to shoot, malm and kill
the plaintiff unless he married the defend
ant.''«aMBirtatai»J9|WHH|*'N' ¦ ' - .- .- ¦., - ,.
- McCuen says he was falsely accused of
being the father of his wife s child/ and
now, after * righting • a 'wrong , he alleges
he never committed, he seeks relief as
stated. .¦-•,' . . -. : - . ;.;.-.
Made Husband.
FIREARMS NOT LOVE
CAUSE HIS MARRIAGE
El Dorado County Methods Objected
To by Henryj McCuen, a Recently
J. Laumeister, 621 Andover street, Ber
nal Heights, swore to complaints in Judge
Cabanlss' court yesterday for the arrest
of four members of the Spade family, who
are his neighbors, on various ¦ charges.
George and James Spade are charged with
battery, William with malicious mischief
and John, the father, with disturbing the
peace. . ,
Shortly after midnight the three sons
went to Laumelster*s residence and raised
a disturbance. He says they broke all
the panes in one of the windows. and then
went away, but returned two or three
times, renewing the disturbance. At 4
o'clock yesterday morning, he says, Wil
liam Spade got a heavy, niece or timber
and battered in the front door.
Laumelster finally attacked the . trio
with such effect that they fled. About 9
o'clock the father of the young Spades
went to Laumeister'B house and abused '
Mrs. Laumeister because her husband had'
thrashed his sons.
Father and Three Sons to Be Arrested
on Complaint of a
Neighbor.
WANTS FOUR SPADES
PLACED BEHIND BARS
Fire a Shot 20 Miles.
The United States wJU flre a thousand-pound
shot twenty mlle«>» which will be a record
breaker for the distance. The gun from which
It Is to c* fired will be a model of American
Ingenuity and workmanship. Another marre!
of American Ingenuity is Hostettei** Stomach
Bitters. For fifty years It has been the only
medicine to cure constipation, indigestion, dys
pepsia, biliousness, and by its direct action on
the kidneys prevents rheumatism.
The collision between the California
street cars on Tuesday night, whereby
several people were Beverely shaken • up,
was due to a defective brake on one of
the cars. A line of hose had been stretched
across tfie track by, the firemen who were
fighting the flames ¦, In Ladd's gunstore.
and the first car down stopped a few feet
away. Th© second car was not far behind
and, owing to the dense smoke, the grip
man could not : see that the car in front
was stopped until within a few yards of
it. He tried to set' the brakes, but they
refused to - work, and the , collision fol
lowed. A' Mrs. ; Campbell of Oakland was
thrown to the. floor of the "car; and had
her hip badly wrenched. The other pas
sengers escaped with a few bruises.
Hurt in Car Collision.
The branch of the W. C. T. U. In charge
of the work among soldiers and sailors
on this coast helped to make Christmas a
day to be remembered by five ' hundred
soldifrs in the hospitals and barracks of
the Presidio. It has been the custom for
some time for the ladles to 'write letters
to soldiers and sailors — letters of hope and
comfort and advice — and for the purposes
of Christmas members of the union all
over the State were asked to write, and
forward letters to the headquarters In
this city. Five hundred, letters came in,
and into each envelope with the letter was
put a handkerchief and a Christmas card,
and these 'each -with a little bunch of
flowers were taken out to the Presidio
by several of the ladies of the union and
?:rre distributed.
Letters for Soldiers
Brown went Into the grocery on the
corner and told of his experience. A few.
minutes, later Policeman Roedlger, who
lives in the neighborhood, entered the
grocery and the robbery was reported to
him. "Roediger notified police headquar
ters and yesterday '. Detective Bailey - was
detailed on the case.- He saw Brown, who
was unable to give an accurate descrip
tion of the robber, but handed the detect
ive the revolver as a possible clew.
Brown said his watch was a valuable
one and he Is anxlousto get It back," but
the chances are^ agalnst.lt.
There has been a lull in the depreda
tions by footpads for some days and it
was thought that fear of detection had
made them seek other fields, but' another
Tase, was reported to the police yesterday
morning in which a lone footpad operated.
The victim was C. Brown, - 423 Turk
street, who is employed in the wholesale
warehouse of Murphy, Grant &,Co. He
returned home shortly before 1 o'clock
yesterday morning and as he was-jjhout
to step Into his doorway. he was confront
ed, by, a man who pointed a revolver at
his head and ordered him' to throw up his
hands.
"Now give me your watch and money,"
¦ said the robber. ". •. ,
"Ypu had better take them," replied
Brown.
. The robber took possession of Brown's
gold watch and chain and' proceeded to
go through his pockets for money.
Brown watched his chance, and when
the robber was off hi« guard for an in
stilnt, dexterously relieved him of his re
volver. The robber fled and ; Brown flrcd
four shots at him in rapid succession, but
none seemed to take effect.
TURNS TABLES
ON THE FOOTPAD
C. Brown Grabs a Robber's
Revolver, but the Lat
ter Escapes. """
The Bay City Wheelmen held their
Christmas tree last evening at the club
house on Golden Gate avenue. The rooms
were crowded' early in the evening,' and
until late last night members kept coming
and going, . getting :¦ a present from the
tree, a bumper of punch from the dining
room and then joining the chorus beside
the piano.
George B. Stangenberger dealt out the
presents. They were trinkets suggestive
of some personal "peculiarity, some event
or some deed .of Interest or amusement
connected with the member honored. Then
followed a~ programme of entertainment
in which Austin Kanzie, A. Fisher, Ben
Renard/ Henry L. Day, Frank Smith, Ar
chie Reid and others took part. The clos
ing of the programme did not by any
mean3 end the evening, however, for when
the list had been run through, the mem
bers Improvised more and more, and until
far Into the night the clubhouse rang with
the laughter and the merry choruses that
shook the ceilings.
CHRISTMAS TREE FOR *
BAY CITY WHEELMEN
Annual Holiday Festivities at the
Golden, Gate Avenue Club- .
house.
A committee has issued a call for the
first convention. The members are H. F.
Lyon, Alameda; J. H. Severin, Modesto;
George E. Newman, Lompoc; E. H. Zim
merman, Watsonville, and William H.
Roussell, San Francisco. The purposes of
th,e organization are set forth by. the com
mittee as being the elevation of the but
termen's industry, to conduct a butter
makers' employment bureau, to hold con
ventions for the exchange of ideas and
methods, to conduct exhibitions of butter,
to act in union In the butter-maker's wel
fare and to secure better compensation
for services. William H. Baylor, at 114
California street, is one of the prominent
movers for organization.
The first convention will be without pro
gramme for the reason that all the time
will be taken up in perfecting the organ
ization and outlining its future policy and
work.
The first association of . creamery men
to be organized west of the,Mlasouri River
will be formed next Wednesday at a
meeting to be held In this city. Fifty men
Interested In this industry have signified
their intention to Join. There are
probably 200 in the State who are
eligible. They are the expert men
at the head of large concerns that
turn out butter by the . ton. In the
East there are such associations that hold
exhibitions of dairy products and award
medals and prizes.
Scientific Manipulators of
Cream Plan for Mutual
Benefit.
ARE PREPARING
FOR A CONVENTION
THE patrons of the Tivoli will no
longer hear the dulcet voice or
gaze upon the perfect figure of
Fannie Birch, one of the pret
, tiest and cleverest members of
the chorus disporting on Its boards. The
young lady is now Mrs. George A. Smith,
and has settled down to' domestic life.
The news of the wedding became known
yesterday, when the bride visited the Tlv
oll to call upon her former associates an<J
incidentally displayed on her left hand a
diamond ring and the plain golden band
which proclaims the wearer is a wedded
wife.
Early in the past week Manager Leahy,
of the Tlvoll. was asked by Miss Birch
for a week's vacation. On the 18th of the
month a quiet wedding ceremony was
performed at the home of the bride's parr
ents, and a short honeymoon trip to Los
Angeles and the Southland followed.
• The Tivoli management received word of
the marriage a few days ago, and also the
request of the bride that a life-long en
gagement prevented the carrying out of
her engagement at the theater.
The happy groom who has distanced all
competitors ,for the hand of fhe pretty
actress is connected with the business
staff of a morning paper, and it will be
news to his many friends to learn that he
Is a benedict. The young couple are now
living in a cosily fitted flat on Stanyan
street. %¦';¦ ¦--.v-t.;-fe;^>K;-^i
MR. AND MRS. GEORGE A. SMITH, WHOSE RECENT MARRIAGE HAS
BESULTED IN THE TIVOLI BEING DEPRIVED OF THE SERVICES
OF ONE OF ITS BEVY OF SINGERS.
HOME COMING OF
TOURIST BUNKER
Travels by Rail^ Riyer and
Post Road From
divostok to Mosoow.v
Specimens of JBuilding Material From
Ancient Edifices Collected and
Shipped to University
of California.
— r : .
"William |M. Bunker and wife have re
lumed from a journey around the'world.
They left San - Francisco twenty-two
months ago, and, during "their : absence
•triivoled .. ih!ny-fivfc" : tliuiisand miles,
lietilth attended them en an theii J-}ur
neys by land and sea.
j- Mr. Bunker having adjusted his. busi
ness aft airs : for a', long trip, started out
to see the world, and especially tne. world
of the Orient. Accompanied 'by ms wife,
he Journeyed ' by rail trom ~ \iadivostoK
eix uundrtd miles northerly, to tne Amoor
Kiver. ' 'mence t>y steamer up the Amoor
and a tnoutary stream fie traveled six
teen huncirea iiiilts.:ne traveled six days
ana nignts m btbena on the post road
in a verucle'diawn uy horses, . arriving
at irkutsAhi nne torm. Tne rest of
the -journey . oy run 10 'Moscow and St.
Petersburg was interesting, but not ex
citing.
In nis travels in Asiatic regions tribu
tary to the Pacific Mr. BunKer studied
the currents of commerce and the proba
ble btnetlts to loan Franclaeoy springing
from the growth and development of Rus
sia in Asia. . He saw many 'things to ex
cite his wonder and surprise. When the
time comes he, will report* his observations
to the fcan Francisco Chamcer of Com
merce. -• \- -
bpeuking of trade expansion, he says:
"I am in favor of subsidies for building
ships and establishing steamship lines. 1
care not who makes the money, so ¦ long
as we get. the commercial advantages
within our reach. The Spanish war was
in one sense a great business investment.
European nations had no adequate notion
of the strength and vigor of the United
States until the operations of the cam
paign opened thelreyes. An Englishman
remarked to me: 'xour President went
to wur In a business way that we cannot
understand. He ordered . the army and
navy to deliver so many victories and
they were delivered promptly.' " . ' - .
Mr. Bunker loitered in London for eight
months and made no haste In his travel
through Continental Europe. He collected
fragments of building material from an
cient edifices and had the specimens so
collected shipped to the University of Cal
ifornia, where the study of the chemistry
of structural, material may be leisurely
pursued* Mr. Bunker paid for the pack
ing and also the freight charges to Liv
erpool. One of the ships belonging to
John D. Spreckels Bros. & Co. is convey
ing the specimens free of cost to the uni
versity from Liverpool -to San Francisco.
Mr. Bunker was the founder of the San
Francisco Dally Report. He learned of
the paper's demise before he returned to
the city. He is convinced that the penny
proposition as applied to journalism will
not succeed In San Francisco until the
city has direct connection with the East
by four 1 or five railway lines. When he
sold the Report to the Scripps ' League
he expressed doubt as to the ability of the
new management to achieve success on
the penny, basis. -: >'.,-. .
Burglars Tuesday night broke' into the
store of Molina ri & Carina at 432 Broad
way and, opening the ;<afe, got away with
5375. An entrance, was effected by pry
ing open the rear door with a "Jimmy."
Molinarl - lives In the , flat over the store.
He was eating dinner - with his family
when the burglary, was committed. ¦
: "I •>leftrthe > store shortly • before 9
o'clock,'-' : he ;said when. telling of his I033.
"and 'went f upstairs 10 have -Christmas
dinner with my I family. Before leaving
I opened the safe and counted the con
tents of the cash 'drawer. As I expected
to return in a short time I did not lock
the safe, but left the lights burning as a
precautionary measure against a visit by
burglars.*'! returned" to my place of busi
rless shortly before '10. o'clock, and was
surprised to find tha door of the sate
open. .Hurriedly pulling out the cash
drawer I discovered . that the gold,
amounting to $375. was gone.
- "I am satisfied that the work was done
by somebody who was familiar with the
premises and who was • aware that ths
receipts of the business were in the safe."
Yesterday morning, the police were noti
fied of 'the burglary, but thus far they
have been unable to get a clew 1 to the
perpetrators of the crime.
Another daring burglary was committed
the same night in a, . grocery store kept
by'J. G. Druhe at Greenwich and Ehipout
streets. Some time atter 10 o'clock bur
glars gained an entrance to the stora
by boring a hole in the rear - door > and
then pushing -back the bolt. When once
inside they; made a thorough -search -for
money/' -but found only: $1 85. They, also
helped * themselves to several boxes of
cigara,*: two .bottles of whisky 'and ,a half,
dozen'»baes of 'tobacco. Yesterday the
detectives who were detailed -to run down
the i burglars , learned that ' prior to break-
Ing into ' the ¦ grocery ./tore the criminals
entered -the blacksmith- shop of J. Murl
ana at ; 610.* Greenwich street and 'stole -a
brace and a bit, which they used in borin,?
the hole' in; the door in Druhe' s place "of i
business. ..-'. •'--',. ".¦' * "
BREAK A SAFE
AND STEAL GOLD
Daring Crime Committed in
'Merchandise Store
on
He fairly revels in appreciation of the
pathos of his fall; he compares his past
career to that of glistering Phaeton, and
announces that he is ready to exchange
Hla subjects for a pair of carved saints.
And his large kingdom for a little gtave.
He plays his part In the great abdication
scene with perfect, grace, and retires to
prison, hugging his sorrow as the dearest
possession left him. But even yet he has
not learned the stern lesson of life. He is
no Henry VI, to live content within a
cage; he broods over his wasted life,
curssa Bolingbroke, strikes his keeper, and
dies in a fierce outburst of useless courage
against his murderers.
Henry IV, Is the very opposite of Rich
ard. He has no claim upon the throne ex
cept the claim of a strong man in a weak
land. He is essentially a man of deeds,
not words, though he knows when and
how to speak. From the beginning his
hopes are fixed upon the throne, not from
ary merely selfish - ambition, but with
something of the skillful pilot's eagerness
to seize the helm from the hand of the
madman who is driving the ship upon the
rocks. Each act is calculated with refer
ence to this end steadily held before him.
He wins the hearts of the Commons by
Judicious mingling of courtesy "and re
serve,: 'he gains the affections qf the no
bles by appearing as their * champion
against Mowbray, the King's instrument
in the murder of the Duke of Gloster.
When he invades England at the head of
an armed force he Is careful to explain
that he comes only to claim his rights,
and it is not* till the general voice of the
nation summons him to the throne that
he reveals his - long-hidden ambitions.
There Is much to admire in Henry's char
acter, and perhaps his finest quality is
his care for his kingdom. He crushes his
old limbs once more into armor to stamp
out a rebellion of unruly Lords, he par
dons and. condemns, not out of personal
mRlice, but in accordance with a wise
policy that makes for peace, and the one
fear of hla old age Is that under the wild
rule of his headstrong son his poor king
dom will turn a wilderness again. But
after all he is not Shakespeare's model of
the perfect king. There is too much of
the leaven of selfish ambition in him. too
great a partiality in his policy for by-
Richard III, with all his astonishing
powers, 'is. a comparatively simple char
acter. Shakespeare next turned to the
portrayal 'of the. far more complex nature
of Richard II. and here we find him work-
Ing, .not. In the broad manner that he
¦ learned . from 'Marlowe, but slowly, touch
by touch, with infinite delicacy. The de
lineation of this character must have been
to . him a ; labor of lo\-e, for Richard II,
like Shakespeare himself, was a poet. He
has all a poet's, love of lovely ;words, ap
preciation of splendid or pathetic scenes,
and distaste for the harsh realities of life.
When he is forced to act he does so has
tily and rashly, as though eager to get
the tiresome business oil hi3 hands, reck
less of consequences if only he may drop
back into esthetic appreciation .of the
part he plays, for Richard II. unlike
Henry VI, enjoys his kingly place. No
other of Shakespeare's klng3 has so fine
a feeling for royalty or such fine words
to voice his feeling In. Unlike the kings
we have hitherto mentioned, Richard
rules by divine right and undisputed suc
cession, for he is direct inheritor of the
eacred blood of Edward III. From his
boyhood he has been surrounded with flat
terers, wno tilled his ears with praise?
of his state. Even Jonn of Gaunt, the
relic of a more heroic age. speaks of him
as God's substitute, his deputy, anointed
in his sight. But it was this very confi
dence in his unchallenged authority that
proved the ruin of Ricnard. He was not
naturally cruel or tyrannical, but he for
got the duties of royalty in dwelling over
much upon its outer forms. He kept too
great a court and gave too liberal largess,
and when his cotters were drained he
pulled the Commons with grievous taxes
nnd laid heavy fines upon the nobles. He
stopped his ears to counsel 'and grew fu
rious when It was thrust upon him. And
so. when the storm broke, he had nothing
but words to meet It with. He threatens
Bollngbroke with God's vengeance on
usurpers and proclaims with lofty confi
dence that
Not all the water In the rough, rude sea
Can wash the balm from an anointed king.
But at the first news of his enemies' suc
cesses he cries to his friends:
For God's sake, let us sit upon the ground.
And tell sad stories of the death of kings;
How some have been deposed, some slain in
> war.
XIX. '
(Concluded.)
Company to handle heavy weights that
come in on the cars or are received for
shipment was wrecked by the fall of an
eighteen ton gun carriage that broke its
tackle yesterday morning. The gun -car
riage was for one of the new disappear
ing guns in the Presidio batteries. It
had been lifted from the car and was
being swung over the truck that was to
take it out to the Presidio when the hoist
ing chain broke and the" carriage came
down on the truck, smashing the latter
to- pieces, and then rolled, over against
the> derrick and wrecked It. There were
five men working around the derrick at
the time, Jwt with the exception of one
they escaped without injury. The fifth
man was struck on the elbow by a piece
of the derrick- and the small bone of the
joint was fractured.
paths and crooked ways. And Shake
pea re was too much a man of his time
to pay whole-hearted homage even to so
great a usurper as Henry IV.
¦~ Henry V closes the trreat series of
histories, and !n the figure of the hero
of Apincourt Shakespeare at last realizes
his ideal of kingliness. For this he pre
pares ua by the most careful development
or Henry s character as a Prince. We
hear of him before we meet him. and we
hear of him at his worst— a reveler in the
London taverns, a companion of a disso
lute crew, reckless In word and deed,
we first meet him. he Is movfef In
the fellowship of Sir John Falstaff/lanr
est and most genial of loose livera and
• lawbreakers, surely the most dangerous
of intimates for a gay young Prince. But
Henry knows himself and knows his
company. He has no mind for the stiff
ceremonial of his father's court, and he
has the English love, testified In many
an old sotg and story, for jolly company
and, rough fun. If he takes part in a
highway robbery It is only for the sake
of a jest upon Sir John, and he scrupu
lously makes good the stolen money. He
answers his father's rebukes gravely and
reverently and promises to redeem his
faults on the heads of his father's ene
mies. He keeps his vow. and the battle
of Shrewsbury is the turning point of his
career.
In the second part of "King Henry IV
we find him but once in PalstafTs com
pany, and then under circumstances so
overwhelmingly 'amusing as to excuse
him utterly. And this. is his last freak of
youth, \rhen we see him next it is by
his father's deathbed. He does not look
forward to the crown with joy or pride,
but assumes it gravely as his due with,
the solemn resolve to guard it against thi
world and to transmit it to his son un
impaired.
So before he ascends the throne the
character of Henry has been molded by
mingling with the world, and learning
at first hand the realities of life. In tho
Play that bears his name there is little
or_ no evolution of character, but on the
other hand there is a very elaborate por
trayal of 4»ls kingly qualities. Almost ev
ery virtue is ascribed to him. yet he is
no impossible hero, but a very human
man and Englishman. In the first place
he is possessed of a quick Intelligence,
and has the faculty of mastering what
ever subject comes before him. Bishops
wonder at his discourse In divinity, and
he unties the gordian knots of statecraft
as easily as his garter. He has a keen
insight into the hearts of, men and known
how to choose a servant; the upright
Judge who had sent him to prison in his
wild-oats days Is retained near his per
son when Kalstaff is banished ten miles
from the court. He ts deliberate and pru
dent in counsels and swift as lightning
in their execution. His will is dauntless,
but his temper Is sunny and serene. The
wild gayety of his early years has soft
ened Into a genial humor that wins him
all hearts, and below his humor lies a
deep religious feeling, not the other-world
liness of- the. mystic but the simple piety
of the soldier who prays to the god of
battles for success and ascribes his vic
tory to God's hand. Around Henry rally
the representatives of the British king
doms— Jamy the Scotchman, MacMorris
the Irish engineer and Fluellen the hot
headed "Welshman. The greatest nobles
of England accompany him to France,
and York, who had years before plotted
treason against Henry's father, falls in
the forefront of £he battle at Agincourt.
Henry Is the Idol of his people. Only
once does treason raise its head against
him. and this one attempt he crushes in
stantly with such an awful mingling of
wrath and sorrow that the traitors break
down before him and go repentant to
their doom. Henry seeks no revenge for
the attempt on his person, but— and tbto
a characteristically Elizabethan touch
treason toward . the sovereign is consid
ered as an attack on the nation, princes,
peers and subjects. And those who have
sought the ruin of the realm are deliv
ered up to suffer the penalty of her laws.
It has been pointed out with truth that
Henry V is a limited and finite hero. He
has not Hamlet's capacity for thoughts
that wander .through eternity, nor Othel
lo's seallke ebb and flow of passion. ¦ But
as a master of life he is infinitely beyond
either Hamlet or Othello, and it is as a
master of life that Shakespeare shows us
the perfect king. Not of. his own life
only, but of the life of thousands wh6se
wellbeing depends on his right action.
The great scenes on the eve of Agin
court should be read and reread, and stu
died line by line by every one who would
grasp Shakespeare's conception of the
born leader of men— the king who Is at
once the heart and head of the nation he
rules, leads, inspires and represents.
T. M. PARROTT.
Princeton University.
SHAKESPEARE'S ENGLISH KINGS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS
1 - m
Unable to bear the thought of impend
, fug disgrace Miss llary Cochran. a pretty
i nlp.<>teen-yoar-oM girl residing at 943 Fol
; pom strcot. swallowed a Ao*r of carbolic
acid at about 8 o'clock last night. A few
minutes after making the attempt to end j
bet life she v.as discovered by her parents
and the was hurried to the Receiving
Hospital. Dr. Robinson treated her and
foon had her free from danger and able
j to ta!k.
She raid she loved a certain young man
and because he would not marry her she
had no further interest in life. The dis-
Krace wa? more than she could bear, so
she procured a bottle of the powerful acid
and swallowed its contents.
"I love him." sakl the girl, "and if he
will only marry :nc I will be ever so
happy."
At a late hour last night Mary was con
sidered out of danger and was occupying
a cot in the hospital discussing with her
parents her failure to end her unhappy
life.
Burning Fluid Fails in Its Mission
and She Still Lives in Hope
of Future Hap
piness.
Mary Cochrau, Deceived by
the Man She Loves,
Takes Poison.
YOUNG GIRL WHO
IS WEARY OF LIFE
Fannie Birch of Tivoli Company Takes
a Vacation and Gets Married.
chorus girl forsaken
stage for a Husband
TMJB \SA3T. ITKAyClSCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 27y 1900.
7
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
fin Hoffmanettes Cn
""Cigar. 3u
, Tr|E rJILSON CO. MaKers, H.Y.
1 MAU. 6ADLKB t CO., Diitrilstan, fca fruifoo.
"NO SAW EDGES."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 % Market S treat
Telephone— South 42O. '
Oakland Office— 82 San Pablo Ave.
Health, wealth and happiness! We may
be able , to add : to your health and happi-
ness, if, not to your wealth. It you will
permit us to attend to your laundry work,
which we do to perfection. Everything
in your wearing apparel ready for New
Year's calls ? V Tell us in time. Domes tin
finish for full-dress shirts if you order It.
YEAR.
OUR TOAST FOR THE NEW
PATTosnara.
"SMOKELESS
OIL HEATER
FOR THAT COLD ROOM.
r? f!4 nn obit thim
J^ uverea anywhere m
>^K» J-*»*orn!a en approval,
"> ** "turned « cur ex
ftsSBSlfc. ?*,?¦• W not entirely au-
V • 'y! r mT2S'^ 'factory. The «<;u«J <H
vf~ '-jr-V^Sa ?".? H«*a.t»r that r»-
v ~~ $SI tBjls for double ttti
pS**"-!ra9 »«»«»¦• Description:
K— <5§* "Movable t^. wind.)*
a^SgnE '.ram* and nuir.be.
5^v52Ss3ar I 11 * b * l< ' k to r-rno.-,
(?*«g5S^rt fount and ligfct. Hr(?ht
AXjSPESSSifl W inches. Spread <M
V/Nyir\J Cth^r T!.-h?»r« for S5. M.
Dr .._ _. „_ WRITE FDR CATA-
PKICE $4.00. LOGUE.
PATTOSIEN'S,
cixtwcth^ajid Miisica Streets. • : ¦ ;
AJhlUEElilZNTa.
THE ZENITH~OF ELEGANT
VAUJEVILLE.
THE GRPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
IMrection Martin Beck.
FEVKRUS PCHAFFEn. WILL M. CREP5PT
AND BLANCHE OATNK. JOHNSON. DAV-
EXPORT AXI> lytUKLU"), iy>riSE DRESS-
KK. JACK NOHWOKTH. RERTIE P(UV-
LKH. THE WMinGnAPH. TKTXT FHAT-
"!l"CK AND rHRISTLV.VS IXXi. CAT AND
MONKEY OIRCrg.
Rfspned **a\t, 25c; balcor.v, 15c; opera chairs
mrA box teatf. 50c.
Matir.K>e Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
forr.ir.fr next wopk the worH-renowned
HAWTHORNE SISTERS.
ALL THIS WEnK.~INCLUDING 6UXDAT.
Maticcc at Special Prices.
THE LEADERS
PRIMROSE and
DOCKSTADER
MINSTRELS.
* tCtst Week— 7 NirhU,
SIatir.e«>s Xpw Tear'e r»ay and Saturday.
THE BELLE OF NEW YORK
Th» Mort Famous Comic Opera In the World.
"The p!ay in its kind is the best since Daly
<J.»rt."— Ashtnn Stevens. Examiner.
SUCH IS THE GENERAL VERDICT OF
AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVERN
Tfcte Week Only. Matinee Saturday.
Ceual popular prices, $L 75c, 60c, 2Sc
N»>xt Sunday nirfct, extraordinary musical
announcement: Faretrell American tour of
EDUARD STRAUSS and His Yienna Orchestra.
On* TV*ek Or.ly. Matinees Tuesday (Xcw
Trtrt I>ay) and Saturday. Special price* for
tliiB er.sapement: Orchestra. II; orchestra, flast
7 rowF), 1 1 &f>; balcony (first four ro«-«). $1 50;
l/sleony <hala.nc*). $1: gallery (reserved), 75c;
*:allery (unreserved). 50c. Seat sale now on.
Alt EIlinehouse-.....^l Prop, and Manager
Phone South • 770
ALL. FOR FCX AND FUN FOR ALL.
TO-NIGHT
Geo. H. BroadhursfB Funny Farce,
WHY
SMITH effivfee
f ppx COMPANY OF
JL'I-'I^ * COMEDIANS.
HOME,
A TIUX.Y FCXXT COMEDT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
E\'er.!r.g 1T.C. 25c. 35c. 50s end 75c
Matinee loc, 25c, SSc and &0c
?Cext Sunday Afternoon. Jacob Lltfs Everlast-
ing Pic Fhow. "FHEXAXDOAH,"
EXTHA NEW TEARS MATIXEE and SAT-
T.RDAY at I p. in. SHARP. EVENINGS AT 8.
By FERRIS HARTMAN.
JXJADED FtTLL, OF UP-TO-DATE HUMOR,
MUSIC AND SPECIALTIES.
DON'T FAIL TO TAKE THE LITTLE ONES.
£e? Oecar L. Fesfs Fine TRAXSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and U cent*.
Teleohone— Bush ».
K^-C ft 55 AT?
.#S.VH EAT R £rA >
EVERT NIGHT AT 1:15.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
Dcvid Belasco's I^ondon and New Tork Success.
Naughty Anthony
IXTBA 51 ATINeTnEW YEAR'S DAY.
N«t-THE AD\-ENTURES OF NELL
Special er.«are:ner.t of
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
GRAND OPERA. HOUSE
? CROTVDED ALL THE TIME!
3IATIVEES SATURDAT. RUNDAT AND
XEW TEARS DAT.
BrJUlaat Trtomph of the
OLIVER-LESLIE COMPAN'Y
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
The Famous Enslish Military Drama,
AN OFFICER OF
THE SECOND.
MOXDAT-"XELL GWTNJf."
EvenJrut Prtc«-lOc, JOc, SSc-. and 5Oc.
A few front rtrwa In orchestra, 7Oc.
Ma:!r.«-c Prices— lOc, ISc. 2Sc and SOc. no
higher. Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
FISCHER'S CON A^SJ,o. H S^ SE -
(pGTLSj AND COOPER'S COMEDIAN8 IN
u ' "MY UNCLE FROM JAPAN."
And "A FAIRT GODMOTHER." by Arnold
*nd Eihe! Grazer and Blanche Tr»lea*e. -
Rj-rerved Seats. 2'-e. Matlnf Chrlstmasl '
DR. CHOSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
r??,.!3« C"™ c * GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
rrniCTt-RES and analogous complaints ef the
11 * cf Generation.
Price |l a bottle. For e&le br trvsglBts.
ADVEBTISEMBNTS.
¦ What a luxury Pears*
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
1 world.
AH sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
; sell it, especially druggists. . V
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
¦ I- "Gran-SolrenffllssolTes Stricture like snow be-
. i craih tte sun. reduces Knlarprd Prostate and
•trenrtbeni the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains and
¦ i Emtstions Id Fifteen Day?. .
' j So drug* to rain the stomach, but » direct local
I and positive application totbeentlrvnretbral tract.
• Gran-Solvent la not a liquid. It Is prepared la
! the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and Eexlbl*
• Lid to narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
: Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James As«n.. Box K«. Cincinnati, O- hai
prepared at jrreat expense* *n ex bans t- pftppi
f»e tllartratfd Treatlite upon the male L U L L I !
tvtwaa, which ib<ur will send to any 11111.
Bale applicant. I I Ibis I
Si JAtir-S ASSN 250 ELM ST.,
31. JA.T1C3 A33H., Cincinnati) Ohio.
Pp 1 9 HO These hotels oos-
rdlctUO MS8 the attributes
j that tourists and
cHlCl appreciate
/ -—central location.
CtVA TiH Hberal, manaare-
y*L <a,Lm.\m. merit, modern ao-
TT x 1 pointments and
HOtelS Perfect cuisine.
American and En-
San Francisco ropean plans.
2 AMTJSKTVTENTS.
BELASCO AND THALL'S
CENTRAI
- TH E ATE R. - -¦—^
Market et., sear 8th. Opposite City Hall. .
Every BV«r. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
THE GREATEST SUCCESS IN TEARS.
David Belasco's Famous Military Romance,
HEART OF MARYLAND
THE BEST OF ALL BIG PLAYS t
Magnificent and Realistic Scenery. Exciting
Climaxes, arousing 1 the greatest
enthusiasm.
MATIXKE NEW TEAR'S DAT.
PPIfEC EVira— 10c. 15c. 25c, 25c. EOc
IQ1WLJ Matinees— 10c. 15c. 25c. No hlrher.
Seats on Sale at Box Office of Theater.
CHUTES^and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT I TO-NIGHT I
....THE AMATEURS....
IN
SPECIALTIES
AND A BLACK BALLET.
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE! ;
Presentslbr AIT the Children! ;
Telephone for seats Park 23.
*-*Mm* M IVI Ml i £A con. mason 1
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN !
-^HEOTT.
MABELlDDSON, • ;
San Francisco's Favorite Song Bird. ' '
HADLEY~& HART,
Musical Duo. - '
MAE EDGERTON, j
The Aerial Queen. 1
RETURN OF
ANITA LA MONT.
AXD OT.-R CELEBRATEDWOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. 3
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
MECHANICS^PAVILION. ,
New Year's Eve, Dec. 31, 1900, ' . l
MARDI GRAS |
Fancy Masquerade Ball. \
YALE 6LEE AND BANJO CLUBS, ,
42 SINGERS EN ROUTE FROM YALE UNI- I
- VERSITT. r
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE THURSDAY
• EVENING. JANUARY 8. -
grand Opera-house Friday after,
noon, january 4-3 o'clock.
. 2— BltrLLIANT 1'ROORAMMES— 2.
Eeats. ready < TO-MO1CKOW MORNING? at 9. •*
o'clock at Khrrman. Clay & Co.'w: f
Prlces-Eveninr, 50c, |L II W, |2; afleraora, n
50c ' 75c tL' ' v '7: \ r
' *OiV,,. «-»*..»*> v *-*"-*"* u -•;. Monte CnstD was. the intereatinjr stock on the
morning t set slon t- of \ ih» Oil *.. Exchange.*' rising
f ronj . $l: K. I to ! $2 15 ; under * sales of ' 3700 shares.
Caribou 'advanced, to C5c; 1 Home \ to ' U 03»«ml
Reed to ; 69c,' * the flatter . under - sales of " 3000
. In - the afternoon the stock jumped ¦ from
$46 12«i • to : $4S 25 and i f el 1 _ back to . $45 75 under
active i selling. .The : other stocks iwere . un
cnansred.' -;. ¦-. .' ¦"¦,';¦ i-si.'-",-j ?^ v . ;, -¦"¦: i- . :, .... ¦;"
¦ , Business ' waa t quiet ; on Ithe > morning session
of ,-.the J Bond £ Exchange- and • the . only^ feature
was i a. decline 'in 'Gas end -Electric' from $1S 7i
to ?4S 37»i. "-.--.. :'¦--. ¦ : ¦¦ ' ,- ¦ , -
New York Grain and; Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28,^nOUR-Receipts.
THE STOCK MARKET.
liDkdrlchiH. Wulien to Anne M. iv'uUen, lot
en ¦¦¦ SW; corner,, of - Castro and Seventeenth
Annie A. Kelly to Newton B.-Knox. tot on S
Un<"of -Eiffhtc-nth .'street. 120'E of Xoe E 23
by a . 114;'.fS0O. " • ¦ . • . , : - •" ,
J N?wton,B> Knox to Robert and Elizabeth
Caley. 'ssmt; * |1CC>.' - *
J. • M.; and Lucy C. = Beath to Jane W. Stew,
art.iot on W'ilne of Ansellca^ street. 373 S of
Nineteenth. P Zl by.WK: J1000. > -¦ I
Jane XV. Stewart to Jos-eph P. Dolan. same
$ loft*. ; k j -nTF"* a nrTff*Tn inn nn< nfr~ j ¦
; Mary A. Hopkins to Lucius L,. Solomons lot
on - W. line , of . Wen , Mission i street. 134 -aK N
of Thirteenth (Ridley)/ N , 71:4% W 1O*'-3U 5?
Charles H: and M. M. Lux' (by Henry S. Mar
tin, late Sheriff) to Henry. Lux. lot on E corner
cf Mission ' and . Tenth streets. * NE 83 SE iro
S'W-Sj, ,NW tobeKlnnlnor: ca. ; '.
¦ Benjamin Healey to Margaret Beck, lot on XV
line of Boyce street,. 512 N of Point Lobos ave:
nue. N 25 by 120: XVM. . - e
. Harriet Holm . to i Germanla Trust Company
lot'on-SE corner of Fell and-Octavia «treet»
K 55, by S 120; 1500. V ' v "
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS!
¦ WEDNESDAY. DEC. 26—4 p. rfl.
Eld. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha .......... 02 03 Justice OC 0.1
Alta 04 (A Kentuck 01 03
Andes - 08 10 Lady Wash — 83
Belcher ........ 12 14 Mexican ........ »2 3»
Best & Belcher 24 25 Occidental..... 03 04
Bullion W 03 Ophir ; (3 84
Caledonia;......' 47 49 Overman 09 . 10
Chollar 12 14!Potosi 12 13
Challenge Con. IS . 17!Savage 14 15
Confidence ..... 50 - 53 1 Scorpion ¦ — 04
CC & Va .. ....150 1 55 Seg Belcher.... W 04
Con Imperial... 81 02 Sierra Nevada. JO 21
Con New York,. 01 — Silver Hill ...; 45 4S
Eureka Con — 351St Louis ....:.". — 10
Crown Point...' 10 12|Standard OS 05
Exchequer ; — • C2|Syndlcate — 13
Gould & Curry. 31 33j Union Con...... 1? 19
Hale & Norcrss 17 lSjUtah 03 to
Julia;........:.' — 03 ( Yellow Jacket. 1G 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Btcck and Exchange Board yesterday:
300 Belcher 13 100 Ophir 64
100 Con Cal & Va..l 50 BOO Sierra Nevada. 25
COO Mexican 33 '_.¦
Afternoon Session. :
100 Challenge ...... 16| 1C0 Silver Hill 45
200 Hale & Norcrss 17 2C0 Union Con 2<)
100 Ophir ...... 84' 10O Union Con 19
40O Sierra Nevada.. 2Oi 300 TTnion Con 18
100 Silver Hill . 4«l 100 Utah 03
' Following were the,Bale» In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
200 Belcher .:.. 13, 300 Mexican 33
200 Best & Belcher 26(1000 Mexican 34
500 Con Cal & Va..l 52 200 Ophir 64
100 Con Cal & Va..l aai 100 Sierra Nevada. 25
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher 24 200 Mexican ....... 23
200 Challenge Con. 18 !C4> Ophir C3
300 Chollar .... .12 200 Sierra. Nevada. 23
300 Con Cal & A r a..l 50 100, Silver Hill 46
100 Hale & Norcrss 17 200 Union Con 19
MINING STOCKS.
NE"W £ ,TORK.-Dec. ,:6.— The - metal <¦- market
was entirely; nominal ', to-day In the 'absence 'of
Nezv "York Metal -Market.
A feature of . the business of the j year has
been the Increased substitution of i cotton ; for
wool, and a preference for the medium or lower
grades of wool as distinguished from the fine
grades. As to the business of ; the past week
lt ¦ has presented but few features of interact
calling for special mention. The 1 demand has
been as large as waa expected in a holiday sea
eon, and has run principally. to Territories' un-"
washed . fleeces and scoured '„ wools, > The : sales
amount to about 2,600,000 pounds and represent
Quite a large number > of transactions. ~ Prices
while favoring the I buyer, I are | not I sufficiently
changed to ; warrant ' any general ' lowering . of
Quotations. - A :hopeful feeling 1 pervades the
trade < that with - the ; turn of • the year an im
proved demand/for wool will set in. which will
have the effect of lifting -the markets from its
present : condition Of lethargy. Thin feeling i»
naturally strengthened . somewhat by . the con
tinued favorable advices received from abroad "
The sales of the week in Boston amounted to
2,168,700 ¦ pounds , domestic and ¦--, 335,000 pounds
foreign, waklnr * a t total of . 2,503.700 pound*
against a total of. 3. £00,000 pounds for. the pre
vious week and a. total of 2,3£O,OOO pounds for
the ' corresponding i week , last , year. ' .-¦ The ; total
eale3 since m January - 1 •"=' amount' to > 146,975 100
pounds, . a gainst - 347,183,776 ¦ pounds . for :. the cor
respondinE: time last year."
The year 1900 .will pass into history aa on* of
the Quietest and most - unsatisf actorr periods
ever experienced in the wool trade.- Depression
has characterized tho situation both abroad and
at home. - -¦ \ '>•.'¦.;-, ¦¦,,.¦...-¦.¦ , : -.- .".;¦.¦ ,-.-r.
The wool production] of, the country is given
aa , 281,452,437 pounds. Imports of wool . into
Boston have been 63,723,632 pounds, as compared
with 34,372,491 pounds last 1 year? The i sales of
wool In the Boston market since January ¦ 1st
amount to 145,875,100 pounds, as compared with
347,185.776 pounds last year. In other words,
the volume , of business has been considerably
less than half of that of last year. ¦.,, .•>. .-:? ,
BOSTON, Dec. 26.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter In J its annual review of the
wool situation In the United States gives the
stocks of wool in the country, exclusive of
manufacturers' holdings, as 852,247,389 pounds,
as compared with 157,398,879 pounds a year ago.
The stocks in the three principal markets of
the United States— Boston. New York and Phil
adelphia — amount to 185,S00,3$9 pounds, as com
pared with 113,295,579 pounds last year.' The
stocks of wool in Boston are 130,019,084 pound*,
as compared with . 66,113,743 pounds last year.
This large increase In stocks on hands is ac
counted forbythecomparatlvelyllmlted demand
for wool this year. Increased importations of
roreiKn wools and the • fact that only a very
small percentage of this year's clip has as yet
been disposed of to manufacturers. Wools
have been held back to an unusually large ex
tent this year In the country. This is especially
true of the fleece wool sections • east of ¦ t ha
Mississippi River. .' ' . ,
Boston Wool Market.
HOGS— Receipts, " 21,000; . to-morrow, 80,000;
left over, 5000. Opened strong, Be higher, closed
weak. Mixed and butchers, H 75® 5 07 V 3 ; good
to choice heavy, $4 85®5 10; rough heavy, $4 75
hi 80; light, It 75@S OTA; bulk of sales, |4 urxQ
6 02%. - ; •
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000. Sheep and lambs
mostly 10315c higher. Good to choice wethers,
S3 85@4 75; fair to choice mixed, Ti 40®3 90;
Western sheep, $3 85^4 75 ; Texas sheep, " $2 &0@
8 75; native lambs, $ 4 25® 5 76; Western Iambi,
|5@5 65. ' ¦• .
CHICAGO, Dec., 26.— CATTLE— Receipts, 26,
000. Steers. 10c lower; Tezans. 10c lower; good
to prime steers, II 25@6 10; poor to medium,
$3 75@5 20; selected feeders, $3 75@4 35; mixed
stockers, $2 7523 60; cows, $2 60® i 25; heifers.
$2 60S i 50; canners, $1 75®2 40; bulls, $2 50C<j>
4 25; calves, $4@5 60; Texas fed steers, *4^4 b5;
grassers, $3 30© 4; bulls, $2 40@3 2S. «
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening Holiday.
Closing
PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 19 75 20 £5
Closing 19 75 20 S3
Flour-
Opening '. 35 65 26 S3
Closing 25 65 26 85
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was inactive: creamery. 15@23o: dairy,
12<&20c; cheese, dull; lOUSll-'ic; eggs fairly act
ive; fresh, 26c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19,000 ¦ B2.000
Wheat, bushels, 872,000 20.000
Ccrn, bushels 1.1S6.CO0 222,000
OsUs, bushels 829.000 ; 237,000
Rye. bushels 10,000 8,000
Barley, bushels 1S6.000 33,000
NEW TORK. Dec. 26.— The stock market
Trent through vicissitudes to-day, but its most
astonishing phase was the final recurrence of
the undertone of strength which has come In
to support the market so persistently of late
and driven of? all moods of depression. After
opening with a skyrocket advance In price, fol
lowed by a drop very like the skyrocket stick.
the market gathered Itself together and ignor
ing the continued pressure of liquidation which,
continued in force at some points it resumed
its Irregular Ehow of strength, the straggling
new points of strength being unaffected by the
veakness at others. The sharp reaction at
tnidsesEion was due more than anything else
to the extremely doubtful character of some
of the ( , i r.:i\£ advances. The character of the
etock affected and the violence of the jump In
prices gave a suggestion of speculative de
bauch, t-uch as is the invariable accompani
ment of the culmination of a bull market.
Professional traders have been constantly on
the lookout for the sign of such & culmina
tion and they sold the market on the opening
rise. These offerings were supplemented by
the heavy profit taking of those long of the
market. At this period of the market lt took
an appearance of general weakness, prices
crumbling throughout the list. The surprising
cv'r.lr.g gains in a number of Industrial spe
cialties and a few railroad 6tocks were very
generally wiped out and some of the impor
tant railroad stocks had fallen from a frac
tion to a point below Saturday's closing level.
The \-iolent break in the Northern Pacific stocks
had a large influence in the decline, as the
unbridled speculation in the same issues has
been the salient point in the market for some
days. A published statement that the preferred
stock would not be retired on the coming 1st
of January v. as the cause of the break,, as lt
¦would take away the- reason for the recent
rpeculatlon. The common stock was carried
down an extreme 3^4 and the preferred 3
points. A 6 per cent money rate emphasized
the cautious feeling and the relapse to 5 per
cent later in the day was an important ele
ment in the rally. The substantial character
of the buying orders encountered at the de
cline disroura«ed the bears and their buying
to cover helped the rally. It had its inception
in the local traction stocks, which were all
M| strong, with accompanying rumors of con-
FoUdated control. ¦ Missouri Pacific. Reading
first preferr«-d. People's Gas and* Sugar were '
also conspicuous (features of the late recovery.
The c.losir.K wa« very irregular, but with the
undertone strong. The opening- outburst was
I>a!r.ably duo in large part to manipulation
and was explainable by the busy operations of
tpeculative cliques during the holiday interval
In making demonstrative bids for almost any
amount of the stocks affected, without any
&ciual transactions being Involved as a re-
Ftrainirur influence. The opening of prices In
Brooklyn Transit varied" nearly 2 points on an
extreme advance of E%, and there were wide
CTwning? m running sales in Tennessee Coal,
fugar, Pt. Paul, Erie first preferred and Atch
lFon. The actue.1 rain* in these stocks ran
from 2 to over 5 points, except Erie first pre
ferred, which was at no time more than a
fraction over Paturday. .There seemed to be
plenty of funds available for borrower* and
there is a feeling of assurance that the j-ear
•¦ill be turned without trouble in the money
market.
The railroad bond market waa active and
rhowwl fir.ly r few weak spots. Total sales,
par value. JMlfl.OQO.
All t;nit<--d Ftates bonds advanced H per cent
on the la?t nail.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Fhares Closing
Sold. Sto<*k»— " Bid.
«!.1IV> Atrhlxon '. 47%
28.000 AtrhlKon prefd $g%
P.000 Baltimore A Ohio gjij, :
Canadian Pacific 90»4
l.Mft Car.a da Southern ..* ...68
3S.S00 Chesapeake & Ohio 42i»
2.409 Chicago Oreat Western ....". 16
3,200 Chicago Burlington & Quincy.......l41
4<X> Chicago Ind & I>ovisville 2S%
2,500 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 62
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 841,4
100 Chicago A Northwestern IM
14,sno Chicago Rock Inland A Pacific .119Si
2.1fiO CCCtSt Louis 72
2,K>0 Colorado Southern 7\
....... Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43K
600 Colorado Southern M prefd 17%
4.500 Delaware A Hudson 122H
600 Delaware Lack & Western. ..189^
*j.3r>0 Denver & Rio Grande...... 30H
2,900 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 84%
45,300 Erie 2Mi
I9.4no Erie 1st preM cjt4
12.100 Great Northern prefd 188»i
1.000 Hocking Coal J4«
LSM Hocking Valley 42il
300 Illinois Central i»%
<i,400 Iowa Central 22%
1.500 Iowa Central prefd...; 4s
1,500 Lake Krie A Western. 47K
400 Lake Erie A Western prefd HJ
Lake Fhore ,.230
8.900 Louisville & Nashville g7^
SS.W Manhattan L ugu
10.600 Metropolitan Street Ry. ex dlv 71%;
708 Mexican Central
Z900 Minneapolis A Ft Louis 7oi£
* 100 Minneapolis & St Louis preM.......iO2
SO,ono % Missouri Pacific A 71
fiOJ Mobile & Ohio 451^
2.200 Missouri Kansas A Texas.; ;... a'i
r*.000 Missouri Kansas A Texas prefd.... i(%i
600 New Jersey Central 145%
?.oOfl New York Central ........1UK
S.000 Norfolk & Western- 44
....... Norfolk &' Western prefd....'... 8214
C1.1W TCorthera ParJfic f^%
11.S00 Northern Pacific prefd 87%
10,400 Ontario & "U'est era... "..;..„ 23V4
Oregon Railway & Nav..... 42
• Oregon Railway & Nav prefd. 76
Nczl' York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull and unchanged: No. 3 spring wheat. 66®
71c; No. 2 red, 72ft®74c; No. 2 corn, 36%c: No.
2 yellow. 36%: No. 2 oats. 22V4c; No. 2 white,
23H®26c; No. 3 white, 24H©25Vic; No. 2 rye, 50 V*
@5lc; fair to choice malting barley,
62@57c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 67}»:' No. 1
Northwestern, SI 61; prime timothy seed,
J* 50; mess pork, per bbl. JU 12%@11 25:
lard. per 100 lbs. $6 S5QS 90; short ribs
sides (loose), $6 2536 BO; dry/salted shoulders
(boxed), 6 7 /4g*^4c; short clear sides (boxed),
J6 600 JS 70; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27;
ciover, contract grade, $10 25® 10 33.
rtreeti. 8 75 by W 123: also lot on NTV corner
of Mission and Twentieth, N tS by W 90: also
undivided, half of following: Lot on X ccrner of
Minna and Second, NW «O by NE 74; also lot
on N corner of Folsom and Ninth, NW »o by
NE 60; also lot on NTV corner of Mission and
Second. NW to by SW 20: gift
Johanna M. Castet (Ertkson) to Joseph If.
Castet, lot on 8 line of Twenty-eighth street.
13S:« W of Diamond. W 35 by 3 114: gift.
E. H; Wakeman (truste*) to William H.
Chapman (trustee) transfsr of trust property
to new trustue— lot on SW corner of Pine and
Battery streets, W 37:5 by S 45:10; also lot en 7\
NE line of Ninth. 120 SE of Harrison. 3E 50 ov • ?
NE 1C0: also lot on SE Una of Harrison. 123 NB
of Ninth, NE 35 by SB 170; also lot on SE lln*
of Blackwood. 125 NE of Ninth. NE 25 by FE
78; also property In Alameda County; also all
Interest In 1773 d 81, lot on SW corner of Pine
and Battery. W 97:8 by B 45:10: also one-third
of half in lot on N corner of Ninth and Har
rlson. SE 275 by NE 273; also property la Ala
meda County; $1.
Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Coinpaay (a cor
poration) to Union Trust Company of San
Francisco, lot on 8W Hn» of Main street. 137:«
NW of Harrison. NW 59 by 8W 137:8. quit
claim deed: tisco.
Same to same, lot on SW line of Slain ctreet.
137:« NW of Harrison, NW 48:5 by SW in.t;
118,000.
George F. Lycn to'John R. "Woods, lot ca
W line of Mississippi street. 100 N of Twenty
fifth (Yolo). N J5 by W 100: $500.
Ernestine Engatbrecht (wife of H.) to Thomaa
J. Marks, lots S and 11 to 14, block 433. Bay
View Homestead; J100O.
Thcraas J. Marks to John Fay Jr.. Iota 11,
12 ond 13. block 433. same; {500.
William Ntcol to Edward C Barrow*. lot 27.
block 11. Flint Tract Homestead, to correct
10«5 D. SW. quitclaim deed; J3.
Builders' Contracts.
San Francisco Dry Dock Company (owner).
City Street Improvement Company (contrac
tors), with M. Carroll (sub-contractor), en
gineer Howard C. Holmes—Brick and mason
work for engine-house, stack, coal bunkers and
fence and moving and rebuilding of engineer'*
residence in connection with construction of
a complete dry dock on property described in
deed recorded June 7. 1900. In 1S70 D. 333 (see'
abstract 2743. June 8. 1900). being at Hunters
Point: 17900.
fl Open. High. L<*w. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 70% 70^4 69% 69T4
January .¦ 70% 70% 70 70%
May 73ii "73% 72% C 72%
Corn No. 2—
December 87 37% 36% . 36%
January 35% S6Vi 35% 36
May S5% 36 35% 35%
OaU No. 2—
December 21V4 2U4 21% 2m
January 21% 81% 21% 21%
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 22% 12 25 12 12% 12 12%
May 12 20 12 20 12 15 12 15
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 7 22% 7 22% 6 87% 6 87%
January 6 85 6 87% 6 77% 6 77%
May 6 92% 6 95 6 87% 6 90
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January /. 6 30 6 30 6 22% 6 25
May ...f 6 40 6 40 6 32% 6 35
• ¦ GAM1C— Qup.il." $1 25; Mallard. "'- JS'&S 50- Can
vasback,-: !3«3 SO; .Sprig:. "$2^2 50: i Teal, * 11 50-
Widgeon,*' )1 25I&1 60; "Small^ Duck, i-; $!;*• Black
Jack, $1 25gl : 50;; Gray Geese, 4 $3; iWhlte'i Geese
$1«?1 23;,Brantl$i 60 for. email and $2 fofilarge-
Honkers,$l@4 50;? English: Snipe," $1 75@2;'Jack
ft POULTRY-Ltve .Turkeys. 1%®13c f or> Gob
blers and 12',*@13c : for. Hens ; Dressed Turkeys '
14®17c: Geese, per palr,^$l 75®^:* Gosling* ,$1 75
@2 ; :¦:'¦ Ducks, % $2&i • for >• old = and . %i 5OS5 50 *» for
young; :' Hens, s $3Sr5:'. Toung Roosters ¦¦« $4 50«5-
Old Roosters,! $3 50@4 50; Fryers,'$4^j4 30; Broil
ers. ¦ $3 £0®4 > for large '¦ and , $3€2 50 ,- for small •
Pigeons,:$l per dozen for.old and $175®2 SS^for
Squabs, p • ¦ ¦-. . .
• . Two -. cars ¦ of - Eastern Poultry came '•- in ; and
sales '.were .: made > at * $8 j. for Hens, $6@$ 50 for
young Roosters,* $4 50 1 for, old . Roosters, Fryers
and Ducks,* $2 25 for Geese, $1 for Pigeons and
12c for < live .Turkeys. -'-¦ . - ¦ • - -. _¦-,.--¦ ,¦¦
• : Qame> was steady under. a good demand and
the- cold 1 weather/; • - ¦ . - ; - . ¦ -..-(- , . . .-•
The : flrmness noted : " In . Dressed Turkeys on
Monday became more pronounced on Christinas
day... and ; almost everythraa: ; in C the 4 market,
even"- the \ mlserable'v lean!' stock, •: cleaned up.
Only -five ! casea of freah; Turkeys V came in. on
that day and they sold ( at 18@20c ; per _ lb. '}[ By
Christmas i night ; theje 'were I no ,; Turkeys ; left
of 'all the 7 Immense receipts * that came in 'dur
ing the eight days preceding the holiday.' There
were ' a, * few . ¦ cases in ; : . yesterday.: ; and " they
brought * the; quotatlona ; below. . Live Turkeys
were * aulet,' but t other .1 Poultry i waa • firm, as
will >.be. seen by the ' quotations. .. ;...;;.-.
Poultry arid Game.
- POTATOES— River Reds. 70®85c; Burbanks.
S0®B0c , for River ; and . Jl"§ 1 23 ? per ctl for . Sa-
Unas and-'SOgSSc .for Oregon; j Sweets, 60S75c
for Rivers and 90c©$l for Merced.
¦ - ONIONS— $1 60@l S5 per ' cU; Cut Onions, $1
SI 25 per ctl. ¦¦¦-,.*•-:¦-¦ . " .-...¦-¦'•" ¦ . -' -.
• VEGETABLES— Green ' Peas, "' 6@10c per lb;
Strlnjt Beans, 88?15c ; Cabbage, 99c ; Tomatoes,
Lob Angeles,- $1 75@2 25 per crate; Egg. Plant,
Los Angeles.'. 10c per lb; Green Peppers; Los
Angeles, ¦ 34i7c per lb: ¦ Dried Peppers, .9@llc;
Dried Okra. < 10® 15c per lb ; -, Carrots, £3@3i">c per
box ; Hothouse • Cucumbers, „ $1 50- per dozen ;
Bummer Squash, $1@1 50 perboxiGarllo, 4®5c
per • lb; '•; Marrowfat Squash, . $S@12 per .' ton;
Muthrooms. *10®20c,per lb. . . ,:
'¦'¦ Merced • Sweets : are " higher. -Onions are un
changed. .- Oregon Potatoea are quoted a shade
off. Southern Vegetables \ continue , to bring
good prices. ¦¦
Potatoes, Onions and; Vegetables.
SEEDS — Brown . Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal ;' Flax, " $2 50@2 75; ¦ Canary.
8%o per lb" for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7%©9'/4e; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4tfS4%c. . • >
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, ?2®2 50; Green, $2 70
@S per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. •"
' BEANS— Bayos, i $2 50@2 75: 1 Small - White.
$4 50<f4 60; Large White, $3 60@3 75; Pink. $2 10
@2 15; Red, $2 75.^3; Blackeye. $3; Limas,.$5 40
(So 60; Pea, $4 50@4 60; Red Kidney, $3 75®4 per
ctl. - - -¦ " ¦¦.-¦:-.,'¦, ¦¦-.-¦-¦ ..-¦¦- :¦" .,;
Beans ¦ and Seeds.
• Dealers report a further advance In White
and Lima , Beans, but . Colored descriptions
HAY — Volunteer, $3@8; Wheat. $11013 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10012 50; . Oat, , *9@12; Clover.
nominal; Alfalfa, $5@9 50; Barley, $7 60@9 50
per ton. ' , ¦ . •
STRAW— S5@47VSc per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, *25<g > 26; Job
bing $28 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn
Meal, $25@26 50;. Cracked Corn, $26 B0@27;
Mixed Feed. $15@16.
MIDDLINGS— J16 60(819 50 per ton.
The receipts of . Hay and , Bran have been
lighter - during the • last few days and , both
markets are somewhat steadier in consequence,
though prices show no change.
BRAN— $14@15 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOTJR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15ff3 25;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per. barrel- for family, and
$2 76@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers', $2 75
,©3. - . • .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount - to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats; S4 50; Hom
iny,- $3 50@3 76; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25:
Cracked Wheat, J3 60; Farina. J4 50; 'Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6©
725; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5;* Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Aro dull and unchanged, the market
being, of a holiday character. White, Jl SO®
160; 'Surprise, nominal;- Red, $1 25®1 40 for
Feed and $1 S5©1 45. for Seed; Gray, nominal:
Black, for Feed, *1 15@1 20; for Seed, n 25©
1 30 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow. $115: White. $110; Eastern
mixed, $1 12% per. ctl.
RYE— 85@8"%C per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Quoted at $1 75@2 per etl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
.Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
I Second Session— 10:15 o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— 11:15 o'clock— No
sales.- ¦. ,'v . ¦ . -. ¦' . ¦ ;
CALL BOARD SALES.
: Feed, 75c for choice bright, 1 72%c for No. 1
and 67%@70c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 77%@82',sC : Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 "o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
$10374. ¦¦¦':¦:. •- .
Second Session — 9:15 o'clock— May — 2000 ctls,
1103%. » - - .
Regular Morning Session— 11:15 o'clock— No
sales.
Afternoon Session — May — 4005 ctls. $1 03%.
'BARLET- As usual the day after Christmas
the market, was dull and nominal. "
CALL BOARD SALES,
The American visible supply Increased 391,000
bushels. The world's shipments for the week
were as follows: Russian, 119,000 quarters;
Danublan,' 71,000; Argentine, 67,000;- Australian,
30,000. .
. The local market was dull and not materially
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; - milling, Jl@
1 02% per ctl.
Chicago' was firm but .narrow. Stocks were
not Increasing and there was no pressure to
sell. There is considerable January Wheat yet
to be turned over; An Argentine cable to St.
Louis said, that the yield of Wheat in that
country promises 40 per cent less for export
than last - year. This brings the exportable
surplus down to 45,000,000 bushels. '
WHEAT — There were no British markets,
owing to the holiday season. The American
markets were dull. . }. :: 'X!fi '
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S2 *
Sterling Exchange, sight... .. — 4 85%
Sterling Cables ....'... — 4 KVs
New York Exchange, sight; — 12'/i
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine SHvfr,'" per ounce :.. — ¦ 64
Mexican Dollars, nominal... 50% & 61
/.Exchange and Bullion.
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly-during the
raft twenty-four hours over Northern Washing
ton a_nd Vancouver Island. In the vicinity of
Neeh my ibere has been a rise of .44 of an
lr!"h.
The temperature has risen slowly over North
ern Oregon; but elsewhere on the Pacific Coast
the temperature* are below the normal, except
la Southern California.
Tule to? prevails generally over Central Cal
itornia. In the vicinity of San Francisco the
hr!ght of the fog is about 2000 feet.
Foreratt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 27, 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday, with
f.»g in the central portion; light northerly
v. infis.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; rrob
aMy ltpfct showers: light southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona — Cloudy Thursday: pro-bably shower*.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thursday;
litrfct northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Last This Last
— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 20.17 25.38
Rfd Bluff 0.00 8.71 9.79
Sacramento 0.00 S.04 900
Fan Francisco 0.00 7.22 8.«7
Fresno 0.00 5.43 4.47
Independence 0.00 2-27 1.67
Pan Luis Obispo 0.00 8.92 9.33
Lrs Ar.jreles 0.00 6.79 3.J5
Fan Dieg-f> 0.00 1.73 1-S2
Ean Franciwo data: Maximum temperature,
4>; minimum. 44; mean. 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Ccte as compared with those of eame date last
tffison and rainfalls in last twenty- four hours:
(lMh Meridian— Pacific time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec 26— « p. m.
The following are the seasonal ralnralls to
Weather Report.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 26.— French rentes.; lOlf "47ttcD
Imports- Into United - Kingdom,' wheat, 237,000;
imparts into • United jClngdom. flour, 205,000. -
•WASHINGTON, Dec 26.— To-day's statement
cf the ' treasury balances in the ; general fund.
exclusive of the J150.000.000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J142.O64.928; gold. 196.767.721. J • "»
NEW TORK, Dec 26.— Money on call * firm
at 4fft per cent; last loan, 4 per cent.- Prime
mercantile paper 4%9£% per cent. ~\Sterllng ex
change firm, with actual business , In . bankers'
bills at U ti% for demand and at $4 80%@
4 £1 for sixty days; posted rates, U 81%@4 85;
commercial bills. < . U K>@4 80H. 1 Silver certifi
cates. €4%47f Sc. ' Bar silver. 64c. '•¦ Mexican dol
lars. 60c Bonds — Government, strong; -.State,
inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.- .- i.\ • .. .
Condition of the Treasury.
Nezv York Money Market.
10.900 Pennsylvania .....14494
7.000 Reading 35H
24,000 Reading 1st prefd.... 69H
6,000 Reading 2d prefd 37*
Rio Grande Western 65
200 Rio Grande Western prefd „.... 94
E00 Ft Louis & San Fran 23%
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 78Vi
1.200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 63^i
5.400 St Louis Southwestern 18&
25,000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 45
74,100 St Paul 1SSH
600 St Paul prefd 184
100 Rt Paul & Omaha .". 125
80.SOO Southern Pacific 45%
42.000 Southern Railway 22%
12,800 Southern Railway prefd 72H
23,0f>0 Texas & Pacific 24ft
49,700 Union Pacific 78
5.000 Union Pacific prefd 83^4
2.501 Wabash HH
2.400 Wahash prefd 25
14.000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 13
4,100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 30H
2.200 Wisconsin Central l'hi
1.W0 Third Avenue 120
LIC0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd S5\4
6.EO0 National Tube 64T»
200 Natlonrl Tube prefd 1031$
Express companies—
Adams 150
.*..... American 173
200 United States 67
WO Wells-Fargo 128
Miscellaneous —
4?0 American Cotton Oil 32
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
American Malting 5
700 American Malting prefd 27 •
4,000 American Kmeltlng & Refln ESVi
2,200 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 963i
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
2,600 American Steel Hoop 32
1.000 American Steel Hoop prefd 77%
14,000 American Steel & Wire -.*.... *4M
S00 American Steel & Wire prefd 87^i
22,700 American Tin Plate 66%
COO American Tin Plate r>refd 90 : A
70,000 American Tobacco 112
2C0 American Tobacco prefd 135
1.500 Anaconda Mining Co 48
141,000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit K%
l#,f.00 Colorado Fuel & Iron 60%*
12,500 Continental Tobacco 33
2.100 Continental Tobacco prefd 93%
65.000 Federal Steel 57»i
2.000 Federal Steel prefd 75Vt
2.C0O General Electric 197
2,100 Glucose .Sugar 47'i
400 Glucose Sugar prefd 96
6.100 International Paper 25<4
2,100 International Paper prefd 73H
C Laclede Gas 73
3,700 National Biscuit 37H
£00 National Biscuit prefd 91<%
600 National Lead 19
National Lfead prefd 90^
10.500 National Steel 41%
L0O0 National Steel prefd 92
100 New York Air Brake 164
2,000 North American 19%
Pacific Coast 60
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S8
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
LOOO Pacific Mail 43
102,700 People's Gas 106
1.000 Pressed Steel Car 61ii
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82
300 Pullman Palace Car 200
100 Standard Hope & Twine 5
S6,S0O Sugar 141%
100* Sugar prefd 117
17,300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 67
6,600 United States Leather 13%
1,100 United States Leather prefd 75%
2,600 United States Rubber 2V&
1,000 United States Rubber prefd 77
2,500 Western Union 82H
4,000 Amalgamated Copper 94%
3,000 Republic Iron & Steel Co 16V4
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 63$i
1.300 P C C & 6t Louis 65
1.447,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s ref reg 105^4 N T C lsta "...103%
Do coupon ..106 N* J C gen 5s......l23Vi
U S 3s res 110% N Paciflo 3s 71%
Do coupon 1104 Do 4s 105H
Do new 4s reg...l3SH NY C & St L 4s.lO8 1 i
Do new 4s coup.. 138^4 N & W con 4s 99%
Do old 4s reg. ...115% Or Nav lsts Ill
Do old 4s coup. ..116% Do 4s ....102%
Do 5s reg Ill Or Short Line 6s.. 133%
Do 5s coupon. ...114 Do con 6s 118
Dlst of Col 3.65s. ..124 Reading gen 4s.... 94H
Atchison gen 4S....102V4 R G W lsts 100%
Do adj 4s 88% St L & I M con 53.114
Canada. So 2ds 108 St L & S F gen 6s.l29%
Ches & O 4%s 104Vi 3t Paul cons 182
Do 6s 121 St P C & P l»tB...12&%
Chi & N con 7s....l39tf Do 6s 122
Do S F deb 5s.. .123 S Pacific 4s 83
"hicago Term 4s... 95% S Railway Ss 114%
Colorado So 4s 85 Stand R & T 6s... 70
D & R G 4s 101% Tex & Pac lstB....lU
Erie gen 4s... 8ft I Do 2ds.... 85
F W & D C lsts.. 83 U Pacific 4s 107%
Gen Electric 6s.. ..165 Wabash lsts 117%
Iowa Cent lsts 115% Do 2ds 107%
L & N uni 4s 101% West Shore 4s 115
M K &. T Ms 77 WlscyCent lsts.... 89
Do 4s ; 94% Va ./Centuries..;... 96
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con. "20 Little Chief. 16
Alice.... 40 Ontario .; ..5 75
Breece 2 00 Ophir 68 .
Brunswick Con... 17 Phoenix.... 10
Comstock Tunnel. 04 Potosl 10
Con Cal &. Va 1 35% Savage 12
Dead wood Terra. 65 Sierra Nevada.... 20
Horn Silver ..110 Small Hopes...... 50
Iron Silver........ 65. Standard ....293
Leadville Con.... 05 * *.
BOSTON STOCKS AND - BONDS: .
Money — I L'nion Ta^iflc 78
Call loan*. 4#5^4 Union Land..-;.'... W,
Time loans »@S West. End,.,'...,;.. 92%
Stocks—-^ Bonds— '-**/•
Atch T & Sta Fe. 47 Atchison 4s...... ...101%
Do prefd 88% N E Gas & C 6s... 65%
American Sugar... 141ft Mining Shares-
Do prefd ...116 Adventure 10%
Amer Telephone.. .156 Allouez Mln Co... 2Vi
Boston & Albany.. 254 Amalg Copper 92
Boston Elevated...lB9 Atlantic 27
Chi B & Q 141% Boston & -Mont... .322
Dominion Coal.... 47V4 Butte & Boston... 82
Do prefd ....10814 Calumet & Hecla.825
Federal Steel 67% Centennial 22%
Do prefd :.. 77% Franklin .:......... 15
Fitchburg prefd. ..133 Humboldt ..50 '
Gen Electric 197% Osceola 74V5
Do prefd.. 150 Parrot 49%
Ed Elec III 217 Qulncy ..:..;.....'..17J
Mexican Central... 14% Sta Fe Copper 6%
N E Gas A Coke.. 12% Tamarack ..335
Old Colony. 202 Utah Mining 33%
Old Dominion. 30 Winona 4
Rubber 26% Wolverines ........ 4S
Local stocks and bonds quiet. Oil stocks very active.
ExcJumgc unchanged. Silver a fraction higJier.
Wheat dull, but steady. Barley dull and nominal.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged and inactive.
Another advance in While and Lima Beans. Colored quiet.
Hax and Bran in lighter receipt and steadier.
Merced Sziect Potatoes higher. Oregon Potatoes weaker.
Onions and Vegetables continue to bring good prices.
Christmas dressed Turkeys pretty much all cleaned up.
Two cars of Eastern live Poultry arrived. Game steady.
Cold zveatJicr operating against Fruit.
Mexican Limes quoted higher. "
Provisions dull at 'former prices.
Nothing new in tlie Meat market.
Turpentine marked down.
.. CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— Wheat wa» profoundly
and solemnly, duty There was scarcely enough
business to keep yfcrokers awake and nearly all
of that was of a local scalping order. .The
opening was arm on moderate world's ship
ments and for a time prices held fairly steady,
helped later by the visible Increase of only
3,331,000 bushels. L^ter talk from the Gov
ernment report, due to-morrow would be de
cidedly bearish and the absence of good ship
ping inquiry caused weakness and prices de
clined under ensuing liquidation. May sold
between^73V4@73%c and 72%c, clo«ing Me lower
Corn was fairly active early, but ruled dull
thereafter. May closed unchanged at 35%c,
January a shade higher at 35Tsl£36c and De
cember lo lower at Sti^c.
Oats were at a standstill, closing unchanged
for May. . '
Provisions started firm on light hog receipts
and higher prices at the yards. Later prices
eased off on liquidation of December .lard, -In
which a squeeze had been threatened. Janu
ary pork closed 7%c lower, lard 2214c lower and
ribs 5c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain and Produce.
Th« market for evaporated apples ruled
rather stoady, with a strong undertone on light
supply at unchanged prices. State common was
qucted at4©5c; prime. 4%(S5Uc; choice, 6H3«c;
fancy. e^7c; California dried fruiu were in
active.
PRUNES— Wer* nominally quoted from Sfcc
to S^c. . . - _ ' 1, .
APRICOTS— Royal. ll®14c; Moorpark, 15@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 18©20c ; unpeeled. 6@9a
DRIED FRUITS,
il' U l barrels ; exports. 34,371 barrels; quiet but
in W^ BAT ~ Rcceipts ' iZ1 - m buehels; exports,
105,000; soot, easy. No. 2 red. 78%c f . o. - b.
fS.'JfiL'Vh, 2 ' 1 ?* 1 - 76%c elevator; No. 1 Northern
IXiluth. S3&C.I. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
.1?h °-, b J . a float. Options opened, steady on
srcnl, world's shipments and : light' offerings,
but later eased off. under selling, induced by
f^L incr^ ee V? the vl *»>le supply statement and
Ju2i1 Fre " ch cables, closed easy at Ho net
decline.- March. 79^©79 ll-16c, closed 79^0 ;
May .,^$079 -3-l6c. closed 7S»ic; December
closed ti\ic. • ¦ -
HOPS— Quiet • 1» ¦
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull. •.'-¦ ¦-¦' , . •
COFFEE-Spot Rio, weak; No. 7 invoice, ff&c
mild quiet; Cordova, , 9^@l3«ic Futures closed
quiet with prices net 15 to 20 points lower.
Total pales, 17.500 bags, including. March,
$5 65; May. $370@6 75; August. J5 S0®5 85;. Sep
n iV^ r> l5 s0; 'October. $5 90*35 95.
SUGAR-Raw,- steady; fair reflnlne, Z%t;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4Hc; molasses sugar, 3%c;
refined; quiet. . ...
BUTTER-ReceiptB, 12.600 packages; steady.
Creamerj-. 18@25c; June creameTy. 15@23c; fac
tory. UHftiec. . ,.
EGGS-Receipte. 5955 packages; firm. West
ern regular packing, at mark, 19®23c; West
ern, loss off. 26c. • . ¦
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 2«— 2:30 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
Board—
500 Cala-Standard 37
500 Cala-Standard 33
20o Caribou 63
200 Caribou 64
600 Caribou 65
45 Four Oil Co _. 4»
. 50 Home Oil 3 95
250 Home Oil... ,...." 4 CO
150 Home OH 4 05
1000 Lion OH Co '..... 20
100 McKittrick '. 50
¦ 3400 Monte Crlsto I 15
100 Monte Cristo, s 60 3 05
200 Monte Crlsto. s 30 I 05
1500 Reed Crude Ofl Co 65
500 Reed Crude Oil Co «7
600 Reed Crude Oil Co 6S
600 Reed Crude Oil Co 69
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 10 12'^
300 Sunset (original) ......................... 43
Street— : ', .
1000 Lion Oil Co, b 30 20
600 Monarch of Arizona ,.. 44
Afternoon Session. - •>
Board—
2S00 Cala-Standard 37
700 Caribou ......"....„ .._ 63
600 Four Oil Co 60
9*4 Hanford. b 30 120 CO
2 Hanford , 119 00
10"0 Independence .............: 21
200 Junction :.i 63
ICO Lion Oil Co 20
1300 Monte Cristo 2 15
400 Petroleum Center 23
4500 Reed Crude Oil Co 68
90 San Joaquin Oil &.Dev 10 25
100 Twenty-Eight ". 2 40
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. . Bid.Ask.
4s quar COUP..116HH7H 4» do cp (new).133^»133
4s do res 115HH«$i 3* do coup tU> —
MISCELLANEOUS BOXDS.
Bay Co P Co .".104% - [Oak Water 5*..1M« —
Cal-st Cab S...119 - ! Oceanic SS 5»..110 UOvi
C C Water Bs.lOS — |Om C By 63...12S .—
BdLtP 6s.. 131 — Pac G Imp 4S.101 —
F 4 Cl Rr 6S..U4H — P& CIRy «s..10o 10»
Geary-st R 5a. — — P & O R R ««-HSH —
H C & S 5Hs.. — • — Powell-st It «s.US —
Do fa.... 103U105 SacEG&RBe. - 100
L A Ry 5s llOfelllU S F & SJV 5s.ll!>** —
LA Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Col 6».. — JJ3
no gTitd 6s... — — S P R of A 6«.113%m
L A pntd 5s... 100 153 SPCh (1905,
L A P R R Ss.lOO , — Series A) NWi —
Mark^t-st 6s.:.n$% — ' Do (Series B)110U —
Do lat M 5s..l22Vi — Do (19O<5> 112 112%*
XCXGRTs.— 114 Do <1012> 121 —
N R of Cal 0s.ll4\i — 8 V R 1st g 6s.lO7'/i —
Do 5s... ......119 — SP R S» 131 rr.
NPORR 6s.l0l - S V Water 6e.ll4»i —
Do 5s .....10S — Do 4s 103%lM
X Cal Ry 6s...llMi — Do 3d mt*...102 —
Oak G L & H.110T* — Stktn Gas 6s.. 101 103
Oak Tran 6s.. — in
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 72 Spring Valley. — ,9*U
Marin C»unty. 51% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4 Pac L Co — ?*
Bqult G L Co. — S 1 * Sac B G*R Co J5 —
Mutual L Co.. — MH4.8 F G & E.... 48 45«4
O G L & H — 50 San Frenclsoo. — —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 4S Stktn GAB Co. — 1*
. ; INSURANCE STOCKS.
Klrem'B Fund.228 —
- BANK STOCKS.
Anirlo-Cal Ltd. T» — First NaOonal.JlO —
Bank of Cal. ..403 41ZH Lon P & A 143 . —
Cal S D & T..104 105 Merchants" Ex. 16 —
" SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L....1S60 1900 Sav * L So.... — —
Hum S £ L... — — S«o Bar Bk....JTS —
Mut Sav Bk... BO — Union T Co.... — —
8 F Sav Un...!23 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California .... 129ft — jO S L & H.... 39 41
Geary-st 45 — Presidio 17 H
Market-st .... 70 — | -.-•-
.POWDER BTOCKS.
California .... — 160 VUrorit «H W»
Giant Con Co. 93% 84H
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 6H 1 Kllauea S Co.. »% a%
Haw C & 3 Co 90 — Makaweli 8 Co — 43
Honckaa 8 Co 81H 3] Onome* S Co. 28U —
Hutch S P Co. 25% — Paauhau S Co. tlM, —
MISCKLLAXBOUS STOCKS.
AI Pack Assn. — 125 Pac A F A... 3 —
Cal Fruit Asn.103 1O4V4 Pac C Bor Co.151 1SJ
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. Wi —
Oceanic S Co..l02V4l03',i
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas S $714
10 Equitable Gas 8 23
220 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 25 SiVi
10 S F Gas A'Electrlc Co 48 75
• 1W S F Gas & Electric Co. s JO 48 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 80
25 S F Gas <fc Electric Co 43 37H
10 Spring Valley Water, cash 94 00
90 Spring Valley Water 94 00
Street—
B0 Pacific Gas Imp 43 23
Afternoon Session.
Board — . - >a-\*3 i .,
35 Paauhau S P Co 81 75
20 S F Ga« & Electric Co 43 25
80 S F.Gas & Electric Co v .... 48 00
35 S F Gas * Electric Co 47 87*4
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 75
W S F Gas & Electric Co 47 62^
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, s SO 48 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 50
150 S F Gaa & Electric Co. a 90 46 25
50 8 F Gas & Electric Co '. 4S 25 ;
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 12tj
225 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 00
200 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 75
5 Spring Valley Water 94 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Dec M— »:*> p-'m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
The Confidence Mining Company ha* levied
as aesesement of SO cents per share.
shares. '. Prlcw wars generally maintained in
FOR FOUR DATS.
Flour.qr sks'.... S3. 749 [Straw, ton* 14
"Wheat; ctl» 19,630 Alfalfa,' bales ... ' 9
Barley, 'ctls ...... 7,800[Wool. bales ...... *\*-",S4
Middlings, sks«.. 610 Sugar,, ctls 1,650
, Bran, ' sk» ' .'.'. .... 1,765 Brandy, gals •; .; .' 8.000
Onions, sks ...... 1.S15 Wine, gals 168.7CO
ska .... 19,519 Leather, rolls C. ..= in
'Corn; ctls ........ 453 Quicksilver, flsks 109
Benna, ctls ...... 760 Hides.". No , 141
Oats, ctls ........ 700 Pelts, bdls ....... 479
Tallow, ctls ..... 253 Lime, bbls :..... 954
Hay,>toHs ;....... .1.308 . - /
¦> : ... .-;, .. -.,-¦..:.:¦ ; OREGON.
Flour, qu sks.... 44,040 Potatoes/ sks," ... so
Wheat.'- ctls- . 2,420 Bran, sks ....;... 3,^00
Oats, ctls ........ BOO Wool, bales- ..-.;.« 102
-WASHINGTON.
Flour, : qr sk»...l 7.702(Flax5eed.' sks .;. 370
Oats.ctls ........: 1,500! •¦. „
¦•:..;¦-¦¦ '; " .EASTERN.'- ..
-Wheat, ctls ..... BOO Broomcorn, bis... us
Corn, ctls ....".••.. .2.500
i AUSTRALIAN. •,'*¦
Wool, bales ....... 231 -.
" ¦ *. .'•;' . ' » -i — -'
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Ctwn
pajiy. quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: ¦ ¦ : - r
¦Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated,~ 6.75c; I Dry Granulated, 5.63c; Confec
tioners' A, , 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.25c: Extra C,
6.15c: Golden C, 5.05c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 60c more;'50-lb bags,
10c ; more. No orders « taken for- less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels, 6.40o; boxe«, 6.65c peT lb.
j.'BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
28V4^32» / ic; Fleece Twine. 7V4c; Fruit Bags,
WM&iic for white and 8%@8»ic for bleached
Jute. . .' .-. ¦¦¦.-.• -. •. --
COAL— Wellington, $3 per' ton; Southfleld
Wellington, ?9; Seattle. $7: Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay.' $5 50; Wallsond, $3; Co-operative Walls
end,. $9: Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
t>acks: Pennsylvania. Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
118 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. JS 43
per • 2000 lbs and $S 50. per ton, ' according 'to
brand. . >
General Merchandise
• PORK— Iylve Hoks, B?»c for small and 5%c for
medium and 5%@5%c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 5<g5Vic: dressed Hogs. 7 > A@SV4<5.
TURPENTINE— Is lower at 61c per gallon in
cases and 55c In drums or Iron barrels.
LAMB— 10-jflOVio per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 9@3',4c; Ewes, 's%@9c per
lb. "
BF.EF— 7g?c for steers and 6@7c per lb for
COWS. |
VBAL— Laryre, . 8<S9c; small, 9@10c .per lb.
HOPS-12<316c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c: medium, 9c: light. 8»,4e; Cow
hides. So" for heavy and iVtC for light; Stags.
61ic; Salted Kip, 9Vic; Salted Veal. 9V4c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, l»%c; culls, 13%c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16c; culls and brands.
14c; Sheeoskins, shearlings, 20@30c -each;
short Wool, S0<g50c each; medium, SO® 75o;
long Wool, 75c@Jl each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50
Q'i 75 for large and $2 25 for medium. $1 25 for
small and 50o for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75
for large, $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and
tOc for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins.
35c; fall or medium skins. 30o; winter or thin
skins, 20c.. Goatskins t- Prime. Angoras, 75c:
large and smooth. 60c; medium, 35c. .
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb; No.
2, 3Vic; grease, 2@2»/4c
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c; Northern, defective, 12
©lie: Middle County, free, la!£?l<5c: Middle
County, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain.
12 months', 9@10c: Southern Mountain, Iree. 7
months', ll@12c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months", 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendocino,
16317c; 'Nevada. 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin, 6H@Sc; do lambs, 8
tfJSe: Middle County. 9@10c: Northern Mountain,
free, 10@llc; Southern Mountain, 7%@8Hc;
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll@12c per lb.
COTTOLENE— One-half -barrel. 8Uc; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce, . 7!ic; two tierce»,
7%c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
. LARD— Tierces quoted at S^ie per lb for com
pound and 9Vic for ¦ pure; half-barrels, . pure,
9V;c: 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb tins, 10Mc.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, HSllHc per lb for
heavy, Jl%<gl2c for light medium, 124013c for
light, 13Vi©14c for extra light and 15@i;^ic for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured > Hams, 11%®
12c: Mess Beef, $12 60 per barrel: extra Mess,
?13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $16: extra
clear, $19 60; Mesa, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
The market shows the effects of the holiday
season, beinsr quiet and featureless.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 13%@14Vic for bright and 12!i
@13c for light amber; water white, ¦ extracted,
TTJiPSc; light amber, extracted, 8V4®7c; dark,
F@«%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. ..7H<99c per lb for" Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1
hardshell. 10c: No. 2, 7V4c; Almonds, , 12@13c for
papershell, 9®llc for softshell ; Peanuts. 5<?6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts. ISc; Pe
cans, UfllZc;, Cocoanuts, $3 80@5- •
¦ RAISINS — The Raisin' Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1800: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. 8%p; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10V6c per lb; choice, 9fte; standard, 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached ' Sultanas, Sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 DO per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. AH
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. . - . - .
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sites, Sc;
40-508,- 7c; 50-60«, 5»4c; 60-709,. 3%c; 70-80s. 8%c;
80-SOs, 2«ic; 90- 100s, 2%c; 100s and sover. 3c; ru
bles. He premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
quir.s, Vic less than Santa Claras, exceDt 100s
and over, which stand the eame. Apricots. 6@
8c for Royals and 10@10%c « for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6@€c; sun-dried, 3H@4ttc;
Peaches, 4®5c for standard, 5®6c for choice
and 6V4<?7c for fancy; Pears, 2<g"c; Plums,
pitted. 6@6%c; unpltted, lQl'/ic; Nectarines. 5@
5%c for red and 5Ms@6c for white.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2 50;
Seedlings. 75c@$l 50; Tangerines. Jl@l 25; Man
darins, $191 25: Lemons.. 25c@*l 25 for common
and ?1^0<@2 50 for good to choice; Grape Fruit.
75c<?»l 50; Mexican Limes, $4 50® 5; California
Limes, 25<gS5c; Bananas, 11®2 per bunch; Pine
apples. $J@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, and Raisins. 1
STRAWBERRIES— Nominal
PEARS— 35c@$l BO per box,- !
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys, J12; Wisconsins.
J13 cC; Cape Cod. $14 per, barrel; Coos Bay, 12 M
©2 75 i>er box. .'¦ , . *--.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 30#«0e rer box for common and 65c
®*1 25 for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, $1®1 75;
Oregon Spltzenbergs, - J1®1 25; Lady Apples.
II 75@3 60 per box. ¦ . -
One or two cars or Oranges will be offered
at Friday's - auction. Mexican Limes are
quoted 60c higher..--'
; Apples continue in literal supply -and un
changed.
_ The cold weather - renders all . fruits dull.
Some Strawberries came in, but could not be
BOld." ¦ : ' ¦ , ¦ . ' . ¦.:....
Deciduous arid Citrus Fruits.
Storage — California fancy, 25ci standard, —^-;
Eastern fancy. 25c; ¦ standard. . — — ;; seconds.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 13c; choice, lie;
common, nominal; young; - Americas, 13V4c;
Eastern, -full cream, 15©16 l ,4c per lb. •¦•
EQGS-:; -'-.-.". .--¦.'..¦; . ' ¦ ;.. ¦ • :
California ranch— Selected white, 32>,c: mixed
colors. 30c per dozen. . - - . - * •
' California Gathered— Fancy, 28c; standard
; seconds,': . ¦ . . ¦ .: ¦ . ¦
'Fresh Eastern— Fancy, — ; standard, 27^c;
seconds, — ¦;¦¦¦.; , «
'Dairy— Extras, 23c; firsts. 21c; seconds, 19c;
store, 15c. - -. «-\- ¦-¦..¦
B Storage— Creamery, extras, >22}4c; firsts, 21c;
seconds, 20c; dairy extras, .
. Plckl?r-20c per lb. ... • '.¦'.
-vKeg—20e per lb.
Rec«ipte as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 63.000 lba Butter. ¦ 594 cases . California
Eggs. 370 cases Eastern Eggs, 4320 lbs Califor
nia Cheese ¦¦ and lbs , Eastern Cheese.
.BuTTER— -- >; - . ~ .'
v Creamery— Extras, 27c • \ firsts, 2 lc ; seconds.
-'¦ Eextra Creamery Butter continues steady^but
the -; sucond " grades are lower. There Is '¦¦ no
change . In dairies, except that ; storage dairy
Is no longer quoted. -.
I Cheese rules firm.- ''S;"^'
: Ranch Em are lower, but all other Eggs are
as before. . - ! \ * v
Butter, \ Cheese and Eggs.
Snipe, n 25: Hare.: n 25: Rabbits, , 11 2501 M
for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves. 65c per
dozen. _¦¦.-• --.-. . :
PORTLAND, -Dec. . 26.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 54@54i4c; bluentem, 57c. -,
OREGON,
j TACOMA, Deo. 26.— Wheat dull and nom
inally unchanged; bluestera, 58Vic; club. E3»ac.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Dec. 26.— Clearings, $443,041;
balances, 972,587.'..
Portia n d's Busin ess.
•'¦NEW YORK,' Deo. 26.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, .December 22, as compiled' by
the New I York Produce Exchange, 'i is as fol
lows: Wheat, 61,643.100 bushels; increase, 331,
000. ' Corn. ¦ 7.664,000 bushels; decrease, 574,000.
Oats, 9,337,000 bushels;. decrease, 630,000. Rye.
1.258,000 bushels; decrease,- 22.000 bushels. -Bar
ley, 2.857,000 bushels; decrease," 623,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEWIORK, Dec. 26.— It haa been many days
since cotton speculation has . been confined to
thel meager dealings recorded on 'Change dur
ing, to-day. •Fluctuations . were hardly in ¦ har
mony | with the apathy, reaching? a matter I of
14 points. .Prices were unchanged to two points
higher on first sales -and for the ¦ rest of the
forenoon dldtnot vary five points. Sooniafter
the noon i hour _ an estimate for - large receipts
at New, Orleans to-morrow led to nervous light
selling, - which came at . a. time when buyers
were few and far between. Prices suffered ac
cordingly and broke some 8 : to" 10 points from
the best : level , of .» the morning. The market
closed barely steady, with prices net unchanged
to 11 points lower. ¦'''..¦¦''¦-
New York Cotton Market.
advices ; from . abroad ',> and trading. If ."• there
was any. was confined to supplying immediate
requirements.- - - - ,»•,-,
Tin was nominally quoted at $77028.
. Lead was quoted at %K 37tf. i
Lake copper wao dull « at • $17 for Lake ¦ Su
perior and $16 82^4 for casting and electrolytic.
Spelter was' dull- and unchanged at *4 82Vi@
¦ Plttsburg reports showed => a i' weak r market
there for Bessemer iron,- and '¦ offered ' at t $1*,
the lowest \ figure t for the year. Pigrlron war
rants were ; quoted at T>9 50@10 60: Northern
foundry.- • S15@15 60; ' ; Southern foundry, $14 60«J
IS 75, ; and aoft Southern, $13@15 7B. •
THE r.SAN^FBAygSCO CALL., T^BSDAY, 27, 19OO.
LOCAL MARKETS. *
EASTERN MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
i STOCK. . I Bid. 1
STOCK.
Bid.
I Asked.
Buckhom 1 — ;
California-Standard 35
Caribou $2
Dominion IS
Kl Dorado 150
Four OU Co 49
llanford :...... IIS 00
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River ... 45
Hoir* Oil 4 00
Independence ~.. —
Kern 9 87^i
K*rn River.... 16 00
Lion Oil Co 18
McKlttrlck Consolidated 45
Monarch of Arizona .44
McKittrick. —
Junction 60
Monte Cristo 2 10.
Oil City Petroleum 32 50
Petroleum Center . 23
Reed Crude 67
San Joaquln O & D Co.... 10 12H
Shamrock — 75
Twenty-ElRht , 2 40
WeFtshore • 3 25
Yukon : ........'. .... 45
Plttsbuix • ¦ :J
Wolverine 1 15
3 30
37
«3
2 25
60
120 00
4 10
21
1(50
to
SO
35
<3
i 15
33 00
24
68
10 50
(0
: 43
3 SO
-.; 85-.
140
i STOCK. . I Bid. 1
STOCK.
Bid.
I Asked.
Buckhom 1 — ;
California-Standard 35
Caribou $2
Dominion IS
Kl Dorado 150
Four OU Co 49
llanford :...... IIS 00
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River ... 45
Hoir* Oil 4 00
Independence ~.. —
Kern 9 87^i
K*rn River.... 16 00
Lion Oil Co 18
McKlttrlck Consolidated 45
Monarch of Arizona .44
McKittrick. —
Junction 60
Monte Cristo 2 10.
Oil City Petroleum 32 50
Petroleum Center . 23
Reed Crude 67
San Joaquln O & D Co.... 10 12H
Shamrock — 75
Twenty-ElRht , 2 40
WeFtshore • 3 25
Yukon : ........'. .... 45
Plttsbuix • ¦ :J
Wolverine 1 15
3 30
37
«3
2 25
60
120 00
4 10
21
1(50
to
SO
35
<3
i 15
33 00
24
68
10 50
(0
: 43
3 SO
-.; 85-.
140
AUCTION SALESi
fei SPECAL AUCTION SALE $-.
OF AXi. THE
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
BELONGING TO E. CORRIGAN. ESQ..
Prior to hi* departure for England, compr!»-
lns Rathgar. ArtUIa. Wallanatela. Lily Simp-
son. Antioch. Ions Tom. Yodel. Carter Harri-
son Jr.. and fire of his choicest yearlings ready
to rac» NOW, by such sires aa Indlo. Vas3a;,
Imp. St. Andrew and imp. Bassetlaw. out of
sisters to the great racehorse Rtley and other
famous mares.
Also. to close a ?o-partnershlp the
3-year-old Imp. Mariner-Phoe.be colt
—— COUNT HUBERT- —
Also, per order executors Marcus Daly estata,
the.great suburban -winner, game race-
horse and sire
MONTANA
Sire of Montanlc, Mortgage, Montallade. etc
j —PRlMROSE^ .
The royally bred son of imp. St. Blaise and
Wood Violet; and
SHAFT, by The Pepper, out of Boise.
Sale will take place at
— TANFORAN RACETRACK —
SATURDAY December ». 1900,
Commencing at 13 o'clock m.
Take 11:30 train. Third and Townsend sts,
> Catalogues ready.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
;
>
OCEAN TSAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
fci^ wharf. Eaa Francisco:
ffia^^ For Alaftkan Ports—11 a. ra..
Hp*V^t3Si company's st*atn?rs at Seattle.
BsKfiSavSa For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
KSflrSSjBP C)- Port Townssnd. Seattle.
PftjynfTTnTI Tacoma, Everett. Anacort**
, k and New Whatrorn rWash.)—
U %. m., Dec. 22. ZT. Jan. 1
and every fifth day thereafter.
Chance at SeatUe for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. j at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay—2 p. m.. Dec.
24. 19. Jan. a. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stepping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Loa Angeles and Redondo <Lo» An-
1 geies)— steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday", 9 a. m.
Fer Santa Cra*. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ticos. Port Harford 'San Luis ObispoV Gavt->ta
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angel's) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonita. Tuesdays. "9 a. m.
For TCnsenada. Marialena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. l>a Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)—10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders*
The company reservrs the right to ehan*e
ptesmers. tailing da'-es and hours of sailing
Without nrevlnna n^t're
TICKRT OFPICE-4 New Montgomery
«tr»et (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKTVS A Cp.. Gen. Agents
- 10 Market ft.. San Francisco.
THE 1 R. & 8. CD.
nSPATCrf VAST mDAJOCRS TO \ \
I 3 O Pt T I_»^u3STID
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
FARF IL2/ Irst 5'5 SS Ineluains Berth
I Hnt. $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails ; Dec. itm Jaa j
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Dec »
Shf rt Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets, to nil po»m> East.
E. C WARD, Gen*T»t Agent.
C30 Market st.
TOYO HSEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at' Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December ». 1*»
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January M. 19M
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19, 1901
Roxmd-trip tickets at red-need rats*. F*r
freight and passage apply «t company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
imr YOU. BOCTHAXPTON. MWOOH, M3H
at Cherbourg, westwound.
From New York Everv Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Dee. MINoordland Jan. lt
New York Jan. 2|Friesland Jan. 23
Kensington .....Jan. 9lVaderlan4 Jan. SO
RED STAR LINE;
New York, and Antwerp*.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 13 Noon.
Westemland ...Dec. 2*|XoordIand Jan. W
Westernland ...Jan. 2(Frlesland Jan. 23
Kensington Jan. SlSouthwark Jan. »
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
10 Montgomery st.
occaB!c$.s.co.SEs
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)..' -
...Wednesday. December 36. 2 P- m.
8S. ALAMKDA. for Honolulu. Samoa. New
. Zealand and Australia......
Wednesday. January 2. 1901. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. January «. 4 p. m.
i. 0.SPBECXEL5 k BIOS. CO., Baaanl Jgants, 327 Vartat St
firo'l hsa^w Kfln, 643 Uartst St., fter In. 7. Paste St.
PANAMA R, R. ™
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. BOAKOKE sails January 8,
S. S. ST. PAUL sails Jannarf 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st. at t p. ra.
Freight and pa**en*er office. 3» Market St.
*S". y. CONNOK. radfle Coast Agent.
COKPAQNIE GSSEK1M TRANSATLA5TIQHB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAR13. -.^^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of<*W3EC5
Saturday at 10 a. m., from Pier 42; ¦owJp'ftJS
North River, foot of Morton street. First-clats
to Havre. 155 and npward. Second class to
Havre $45 and upward. GENERAL. AfiEXCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson bulldlng>. New York. J.
F • FUGAZ1 * CO.. Pactflc Coast Agents. S
Montgomery • avenue, San Francisco. Tickets
sold ny all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AXFD BIVES STEAMERS.;
FOB 0. S. HAYY YARD AMD ¥ALL£JflL
Steamer "Montlcollo.**
MOS-. Tues.. \Sfed.'.^ Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:15. 8:3a;p, m.; (ex.; Thurs. nlgbO; Fri-
days, 1 p. m and 8:30:-Sundays,"10:30 a. m.: S
p. ra. Landing and of nee. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No-1 Tele-phone Main 1508. \ -
FARB .50QCoyotes Bun Through Streets.
BERKELEY. Dec. K— Several eoyotea
have been seen at different times on the
streets of North Berkeley lately. Hunger
has evidently driven them from the hills
and accounts for their boldness- The hen
roost of B. F. Ellis at 1400 Arch street
was raided by coyotes last night and nine
chickens killed. ~ •&IXmg&tm
Death cf Mrs. Sherrett.
BERKELEY, Dec 26.— Mrs. Lydla D.
Sherrctt. wife of Edwin Sherrctt, dJed this
afternoon at her home. 213) Magee ave
nne. Deceased was prominently known
f n this city, where she had resided for
many years. She was the mother of ¦ J. C.
Sherrett and grandmother of Mrs. Mark
P. Gelrrine. Death was due to apoplexy.
Will Fight to Free Eadon.
OAKLAND, Dec. 26.— A. L. Frick. Wil
liam Eadon's attorney In the assault case
which resulted in the letter's conviction,
was to~day granted two weeks in which
to prepare pleadings for * a new trial.
Eadon > declares his intention to exhaust
every device to secure his liberty. He is
giving away under the strain of the trial.
Opening of Washington Street.
OAKLAND. Dec 28.— The Board of Pub-
He Works to-day ¦ took the second* for
mal step in -the- proposed opening of
Washington street to San Pablo avenue
The lines of the opening, the land to be
condemned and the assessment district
were deflred by resolution. Secretary
Jackson was directed to publish the legal
notice to the property ownerg. f-
Berkeley Will Los« Liquor Fines.
OAKLAND, Dt 25.— The esses of the
eleven Berkeley H<JJ22f- dealers whom
Judge Edsar fined C50 apiece will not
ccse up before the Superior Court before
the rei£al of the ordinance under which
they were convicted. When the case was
cal><3 this morning. In Judre Greene's
«-ourt M C Chapman, attorney for the
cti*T£» was unfortunately ill with Ium
tzro a "circumstance which compelled the
continuance of the case until Saturday.
cM cost th» town ot Berkeley the poeti
•blllty of eolieetins the C720 awarded It by
JuCge Edgar. . _ _, ,
Tbe town Board of Trustee* of Berkeley
ka» voted to repeal the no-Ilcense ordi
raace at once. -mtmt0HttStBBM
Trying to Prevent Deficit.
OAKLAND. Dec. K.-The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners hnve in
structed Fire Chief Ball and Chief of Po
lice Hedgkins to furnish recommendations
upon curtailment of expenses during the
remainder of the fiscal year, that a deficit,
now feared, may be avoided. The money
available for the Police Department to
Jane S3. 1901. fcs J43J>??. and the estimated
expenses reach $47,310 To. The Fire De
partment fund shows J5S.SS1. with esti
mated cost of operation amounting to J56,-
SSS 50. These figures agree with the orig
inal estimates of the board-
Miraculous Escape.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2S-— First Mate Bert
L*e. of he steamer Dispatch, miracu
lously escaped death from a falling Um
ber at Adams'' wharf this afternoon H»
was superintending the discharge of the
steamer's cargo when the siins; attached
to a heavy beam broke, letting the tiTrt
ber. which weighed more than a thonsan-1
pounds, fall twenty feet to the wharf. It
struck the mate across the brea«t and
knocked him senseless, bet at the Re«wtv
lno; Hospital it was found that no benea
were broken, and the physicians predict
his recovery unless internal complications
set In. Lee will be removed to his home.
791 Chaining way. Berkeley, as soon aa
his Injuries permit.
Percy Will Probated.
OAKLAND, Dec 2S.— The will of G. W
Percy, the deceased architect, was filed
for probate to-day. Mrs. Kmma C Percy
applied for letters of administration upon
the estate, the bulk of which Is left to her
To each of hla brothers and sisters is de
vised the sum of J23O, and each of- their
children Is given «0O. The office furniture
Is left to Mr. Percy's late business asso
ciates. The estate Is valued at $10,000
After a lingering Illness Nathan B.
Lowell Is Called to His
Final Rest.
PIONEEB WAREHOUSEMAN
PASSES QUIETLY AWAY
OAKLAND, Dec. 2S.— Nathan R. Lowell,
a pioneer warehouseman of San Francis
co, died to-day after months o^ Illness, at
his residence, 541 Twenty-ninth street.
The deceased was the father of Mrs. John
A. Be<rkwlth of this city. He -was a na
tive of Maine. 71 years of age. Oakland
had been Mr. Lowell's home for thirty
five years. The funeral will be. held Fri
day from the late residence. The • inter
ment will be at Mountain View Cemetery-
Fire in the Saint's . Whiskers.
OAKLAND, Dec 26.— While Impersonat
ing Santa Claus at the Piedmont Episco
pal Church Sunday School Christmas cele
bration. Harold Haven's long cotton beard
came In contact with a lighted candle and
the inflammable stuff blazed trp fiercely.
Tne young man's face was badly scorched
and but for his quick action In tearing
the burning mass away he would have
been fatally injured. The accident cre
ated a great sensation, but after the In
terruption the exercises were continued.
Alameda County Transfers.
Jnrgens »nd Mary A -D. Anderson to August
F. NlwM-n. lot on W line of Helen street. !30 S
of B street. S BO by W 1JJ. . being sudbtvlslons
A and B in lot 9. block 7S3. Watts Tract. Map
I. Oakland, two.
Richard P. Wll*cn to Mary K. Wilson, lot
on W line of Mary street, W0 X of Bancroft
way. X JO by W ISO. lot 8. block U, MeGee
Tract, Berkeley: IJOCO.
Thomas H. and Mary A. Dunakln to Caroline
R. Booker, lota 15. 15 and 17. block F. on cor
rected map of Nlcol Tract, Brooklyn Town
ihlp; C5W>.
Maggie and Thomas J. Cox to Georr* A.
Gray lot on NW lln« of Oakland avenue. «
NE of Moss avenue. XE JO by NT 126.5. be
ing lot 10, block H, Flint Tract. Oakland; J5M.
George A. Gray to Marlon B. Holcomb, e&me,
OaWand: $3«
William C. and Mattie C-Blssell to E. J.
Elliott (single). lot on S line of Essex • street.
H9.?S W of Wheeler. W «:« by S 10O.' portion
block E. Amended Map of the Newbury Tract,
Berkeley; 1500.
Johanna M. Caslet (wlf e ; of Joseph M.) to
Joseph ¦ M. Caslet. - lot en 8 line of W'oolsey
etreet. Ill E of Harlan. E 60 by S«6S:S%. por
tion block J. on Map of Property of A. B.
Dixcn fct Alcatrax Station. Berkeley; grift.
Johanna M. Caslet (Erlfcson) to same, lot on
S line of Woolsey street. 200 W of CaJaU. W
sa by S*13S. lot IS. block F, on Map of a portion
of plat S3. Peralta ranch, Berkeley; gilt.
Andrew and Jan« C Jones to Ellen Llttle
ford < widow). Edward, John F. and Charles
A. Llttleford, John and Helena Wagner, lots
II to 1*. block 4. map of Berthier-a Addition to
Jones Tract, being a subdivision of lots 2 and
IS. Peralta Tract. Brooklyn Totrns hip; also lot
on SY\*. corner of Talcott and Kinsell avenues.
XV 68 by S K. being; a subdivision of lota 3 and
IS. same; $300.
Mar A. Haley (executrix of the estate of
Charles S. Haley) to Mary E. Gordon (widow)
all Interest In lot on W line of Filbert street.
50 S of Eighth. S SO by W 100. Oakland; W0OO.
Cullen K; Eturterant et al. (by a. W. Bishop,
commissioner) . to Hlbcrnla Savings and Loan
Society, lot on. W- line of Linden street, 120 X
of Wwt Sixteenth. N ei^.-W^m. S 41:4.. B 1«.
8 M • E IK to beginning. Oakland: J2S22. c;I--%,
Peter and Saraa M., Thomson to Anna Hornbr
(wife of O. K-). # lotJon ; W^ltae^of FrankHn
street. l«.04 N of I*l£ w. X 60. XW M .» gw
S.J0.-SW K.77, SE 1M.22 to beginning-, Oakland;
$3300 ¦ -' - - ¦ ' '-" - • '•• ¦-¦« • -
Georgr* and Lilly Samuel^ T. XV. and Leta
V Harris to Anna A.. Hornby (wife of O K )
all Interest In ; lot^ on V N Hne^ of Thirteenth
«re<*. T!X-A W.of .Wetvwa:4 by X 100. block
1S3. Kellersberger'a map, Oakland; I330O.
* Oeorire H. and Annette P. ( Barrett to John
W. Floud. lot on 8W corner of Lily and Can
ning atreets. 8 » by TV 100. being lots U «nd
14. block U Roberts and wolfskin Tract, Oak
land .(quitclaim deed): |3». :
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
heirs of the estate of Sellna C. Merrill.- lot 171
in plat 35. Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland
Township: f.i. ;- .-. -*¦'¦• ¦ . • hs^ *aao* rff . in «
John W. Gage to Annie E. Gage, : lot on . W
line of Walnut street, 80 X of Cedar. X so DT
W 119 :". being - lot S7, block 5, Antlsell i Tract.
Oakland Township: gift. T- ; - : -;. *
-Same to same, - lot : on E line cf Arch .street.
TOill N of Vlne,>X-.X30 >y E £»:2. beinsy lot
2ff and ; portions < of ;,lot« '. IS •> and '¦ X7. .block - 1;
Berkeley .View Homestead, Berkeley; jifu
Alumni to Give Military Ball.
BERKELEY. Dec *6.— A military ball
and reception will be given early in Feb
ruary by the Alumni Commissioned Offi
cers' Afsoclatlon of the University, of Cal
ifornia. It will be held either at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art or the Native
Sons' Hall in San Francisco. The ar
rangements for the ball are under the di
rection of Colonel George W. Bauer, com
mander of the association, and of the ex
ecutive committee, consisting of Major
Percy Dolman, Major William Houston
Captain F. Denicke, Captain J. Miller and
Lieutenant J." McGee.
Mrs. "Winberg Discharged.
OAKLAND. Dec. 28.— Mrs. Clara Wln
berg. accused of assault with a deadly
weapon, waa discharged to-day by Judge
Greene of the Superior Court.
Police Judge Smith held Mrs. WInberg
to answer, the evidence Fhowlng that she
had severely beaten two young men with
a bottle. Mrs. Winberg charged the men
with having insulted her in her room, and
the court held that while technically
gruilty. she was apparently justified.
WEST POINT. N. Y.. Dec. 2S.-AIter a
Christmas recess of three days the mili
tary court of 'nqulry to-day resumed its
investigation of alleged brutal hazing at
the West Point military academy. Twelve
witnesses were examined by General
Brooke. General Bates and General Clous.
They were all of the present first class
and classmates of former Cadet Breth.
The witnesses were all questioned as
to whether they had held any conversa
tion with other cadets as to withholding
of testimony nt the Investigation, and
they all denied that such a thing occurred.
They said, on the contrary, all the
cadets were anxious that everything
should be told.
To-morrow Congressman P. O. Phillips
of Cleveland wlU be a witness In reference
to the statement made that he came to
the academy In . 1S9S In order to have his
boy protected from hazing. Horace Boox
of Bristol Pa., a brother of Oscar L.
to-day waa Ca
tilen part In "feet inspection." which
consisted in dropping hot candle grease
on the bare feet of fourth class men. He
e?Id Cadet Breth was never dragged out
of his tent nor put Into a straitjacket.
"What do youymake. fourth class men
d °'Nothinsr In' barracks but bracing,"
answered the witness. "In camp I have
had a fourth class man act as special
duty man. He cleaned my gun and bayo
net and carried ; water and cleaned my
te The witness described how cadets have
been made to run down . the company
?tr»ets while others threw water upon
fhem. This was called "talcing a bath."
"Did you ever see a man braced or ex
ercised to the limit of, his power of en
durance'" asksd General Brooke.
-I could not say. sir. but I have seen
them pretend to faint in order to be ex
cused from going any further with the ex
er »what" was the .most exhaustive action
you yourself were compelled to do a» a
fourth class man?" _
"EagUng. sir." was the reply.
"Describe it. please." «ma
"It is a modification^ the setting- up
drill for back and legs.'* ' ' '
"Was It on account of the danger of
hazlnx -or because they wished to avoid
Koandal outside the academy that caused
the classes to do away with the prac
tice?" asked General Brcoke.^
"There was no danger." sir. and we voted
to do away with the hazing because of
the stories -published about It." replied
the witness. * *
"What besides bracing do you require a
fourth class man to dor* inquired General
•«We "have them do ridiculous forma
tions, one of which we call the *barn
yard.' The men are designated by names
of barnyard animals, and when they are
told to form th*m imitate the noises made
by. ¦ the ' animals." ~" '¦ _
"Do you make them do anything you Mil
1 "No they are .told to do It and they
generally do all they are told." ' _~
? VHow do ¦ you ' account for ; this implicit
obedience?" tasked General Brooke.
Tb^witnessFeemed to.be puzzled fora
moment, and then said: "Well, when "I
was a fourth class man. the idea of refus
ing to do all I was requested never en
tered my head., sir."
"TVas there any brutality?"
ir Xo, sir. there was no spirit of brutality
In it. If there was brutality by word, the
fourth class man would it."
"Then he would have to fight T' sug
gested General Brooke.
"Tes. sir."
"And get beaten?"
.'"No, rot' always, sir; the fourth class
men have won fights.".
"Do you know of any men being spe
dally'prepared or Instructed In fighting?"
"No. sir."
"Was Cadet Kellar prepared for his
fight with Cadet Boo*r r
"No, ' sir; Kellar was rather a poor
boxer." was the reply.
"Did Kellar ever have any other fight
before he feught Booz?" asked General
Bates.
"No. sir."
"Then he was not known a3 a fighting
man?" asked General Brooke.
"No. sir."
These questions were evidently prompt
ed by the receipt of a newspaper clip
ping sent to the court durln* the Christ
mas recess, which stated~that unless a
man was skilled in boxing he had no
chance at West Point against cadets with
bruising abilities.
Cadet W. D. Smith of Maryland waa the
next witness. He said he had a fourth
class man to make up his bed. clean his
gun. carry water and do other work for
him In hla tent.
"Did you ever know of a cadet being
dragged from his bed and out of his test
to the street?"
"There waa always bedding upder him.
sir." was the reply. .
The witness described a number of rt
dlculous things done by fourth class men
at the bidding of upper class men. He
told among other things of a man being
required to stand on his head and while
In that position speak a piece and deliver
a right hand salute with his left foot.
"What do you mean by saying men
were required to do these things?"
"Compelled, sir."
- "Why do they. obey?"
The witness hesitated and ' then said
that fourth class men knew that they
would nave to do what they were told.
Cadet ... Edward M. Shinkle of Ohio,
another first class man. said that he had
hazed fourth class cadet- by exercising
and setting-up drills. There was nothlns
brutal In. these exercises. Describing
other forms of hazing In vogue now. be
said the most ridiculous was a "Sammy
race." P^ZJSPtSSA
"What Is a "Sammy race?* " asked Gen
eral Brooke. . -
'Two cadets are seated face to face
with a bowl of molasses between them."
explained the witness, "each being sup
plied with a. spoon, and they are instruct
ed to. feed each- other."
"Suppose a cadet should refuse to d->
what he is required V said General
Brooke. .' i HHBjBsgB|sr**S^slS
"He would be- • called out. sir.**
"That means he would have to fight?"
The witness explained that the fourth
class man might be excused from fight
ing if the upper class committee decided
that the order which he had disobeyed
was one which should not have been
L 1 1 11 'nnii~iiiniiii|in>i a |iw»i filMTM r ' lll 'niiM l ' lll l»* | ll
• Cadet Edward Canfield Jr. of New Tork
said . that ¦ the Booz-Kellar fight was the
outcome of a retort Booz made to a cadet
while he was on guard duty.
"What was the retortr* , —
- "I think- It was Go to hell,* •rtr-"
In reply to General Bates as to whether
WOMEN TRUSTEES CLOSE
THE YT.AR DEBT FREE
Park Congregationifcl Church. Lorin,
Prosperous Under the Adminis
tration of I/ady Managers.
OAKLAM). Dec. 26. — The long campaign
of the women trustees of Park Congrega
tional Church. Lorin, to clear the organiz
ation of debt and carry out extensive re
pairs on the church edifice has succeeded.
At the annual meeting of the church a
report was read showing a clean balance
sheet, including nearly a thousand dollars
of new expenses.
The salary of the pastor, the Rev. E.
B. Bradley, has been pa!d weekly through
out the year. H<« has resigned his charge
to pursue further theological study.
Some of the Ridiculous Tasks That Fourth Class Men Are
Made to Perform at the National Militarn College,
ti'!!^r? 8 .f f*?* 122 "** anon* the cadrtj
Se^tSS S8™*«» fr0 * the conrt.
Cadet Jerom# G. P«now of Arkansas
testified that fights were usually the ot"
r«, m ?>, Of ii h * refusal oa the part of tha
fourth class men to do something they
had been told to do. «~"-j
Prince A. Oliver of mtnots knew Cadet
Breth., He said Breth had told hin that
he 'Breth) had tindergono a painful oper
ation before- h* came to th« academv
The witness said that Breth wa» treated
the same as the rest of the cUss. Tfc*
witness had been hazed In barracks, aa
ne arrlTed after the encampment. Ha
gal he was told that he was hazed so
that no part of his education should b©
Witness went on to *ay that ostrsctsxn
from the society of the cadet corps would
become »o unbearable that the man would
have to resign. Cadet Boos was laft very
much alone after his fierht with Kellar
This was on account of his cowartlice
Cadet Copley Encsof New York, who
was one of the sentinwla at the Boos-
Kellar fight, testified that Booz came nz>
the hin toward the fort In a very confi
dent manner. For the first half of tS»
first round Booz seemed- to have, the bet
ter of the fight, but as soon aa he got a
blow In the ey*»it took all the laccl out
of him and he lay down. The flght lasted
about a ronnd and a half. N>lther can
knew much, about boxintr. There was
nothing scientific about it.
Cadet TfllUam ndbell of Virgin!*
swore that on one occasion, when in camp
In 1S37. Cadet Breth was exhausted from
exercising and he saw some of the ead«H«
ftvlnsr htm whisky. Th« cadet said tha
e had eaten quinine pills when he was a
fourth class man.
Cadet George M. Russell ef Xew Hamp
shire said he had exercised Booz and
braced him,
The court adjourned at S o'clock to re
convene at 9 o clock to-morrow morning.
MiI^TC-AT-KEE. r>ec. 2S.— S^rator Spoon
er. trfco will leave for Washington to
amui. In & t=Tst<:n:*nt which the Sen
tinel T\L11 print ia the morning discusses
fre^iy the action of the Senate In amrnd
inc the Hay-Pauncefot" treaty and th«i
situation regarding the isthmian canal.
Flnt, fpcaking of the Senate's constitu
tional duty to consider treaties submitted
to >t ami amend defect* found in them,
fce sa>^ that rjfither- the President nor
the Secretary of State has any reason
to be sensitive, ani he knows ti no such
f«nsitiven«?s. Discussing the three
tmeodments to the treaty, he says:
T?i# £rst oti» wu an «rae-r«!:n«it to section 1.
article I. ani declared the Clarton-Balwer
treaty E3j/en>e<l<3 by the Hay-Pauncefot*
treaty. It s«nje4 to us a wise amendment.
Whether any of the restrictive previsions of
•tte Clayton-Bulw«- treaty would hare been
5eft w::hout it:» Amendment, and if so. whit,
was open to debate. Abie iscc <£i~er upon ti
lt nt «1»e not to leave that eutject ci-en to
future disputes which nsyrtt easily cave arisen
utri vctxld isevitAbie led to frictica between
the tmo -.ivemmenis.
TT.e right cf self -£er ec«e is Jast a« much the
e.nt law of r_Aiar* in its applicability to ni
tiOE* as it i« to ts&riduals. nor la it peculiar
to zz.y oce nation. To most men studying the
•e--tject it »-ocld ««*na uflwise to ratify a
treaty t-enranent in it* nature, leaviiur it cpen
to Question nhrther ta tb* event of war with
•-• ire canal «ho«iid become a facility aitor>ie-i
»y vc and at «-sr cc« for an attack upon us. It
wouid tern* wise ir it was our pcrpese to doe*
the canal aeaicet a Beet hostiJe to us ta ?ay so.
ta order to eseraft ns. if rre exercise thai right
fce-earter. from ti* weLl-fcunded charre of
l-ai-lre "•n^'ate-i a «->*eran treaty obligation.
Tfc*~ *eeond amendment »as tht Da vie
as:ea<ls-.er.t. which trrmde* ta eutstance that
r.^se of the Sve sections of article II. which
may be called the neutral article, afcould pre-
T«=t tli« United Eta.te» from t^enring by Its
ferce« th« "«lefepp» of th* ITcited States and
the EcaiE'enarce ol public order." Just what
t. w !e l**t wcrdu eigr-ify U cot plain, in vt*w
d the iasgua** of section T. The words were
Inserted br Per.ator Davis and the ceninittee
toers. as* they were a part of the Suez canal
crovleiec TTSe motive, for this amendment
was a twofold ocefrcm trr rtandpdnt.
First it ?e*tr.«-i cuite clear, aitaouirh aen
differ about It. tfcat eectlca 1 cf article II
wouli d*« to Great Britain; if at war with
c « a rtgnt to pay* It? w«rrh!pf throarh the
~f.'~ai At any rate It 1» debatable whether
that 1* DOt Ih* iroper construction. There is
rot esy i'.STemir* cf cpicim. to far as I have
heard Vxki the prcpcntlin that we would not.
whi">" btTiI«!nr a canal with oar own nantr.
{vx'^.r «r.d n5«jiair!=f It. hold It open to the
ecsimeree of the world, tn peace and In war.
and t» th» war ve*se:» of the powers engaged
In war with each other, and remit a fleet
cf wix»hip« cr a prrn er.*ajr*2 In war with
cs to pass through this public work cf our*
ts attack our cities on th« Atlastic Pacific or
jL^crr.<l— At ti* time, the Davis amendment
was rrcposed asd adopted, article III was in
th« treaty. That article bound both Great
Britain and the United State* to s«cur« th«
••adherence" of other governments to the terms
cf lh« Hay-Paancefot» treaty. Every power
•which •'adhere*" to * treaty, or what Is the
¦am* thlsg. becciae* a party to It "by accea
tlon," 1b entitled to the brr.eitt cf Its stipu
lations, and without the Davit amendment or
mxr e*rslv»Jert. many think that if w« closed
tbe cacal at >*j>! against acy adhering- power
v\^ti"> to «»• »• wonl<J thereby a^ord founda
tlor for the claim by all the aShetias; pcw«rt
that we ha.^ violated the treaty, and furnish
tfc«n with a ca*u» belli against ut which
¦5eM lead to a combination arafnst xxm. hoetil*
In Its (•!¦&-*-¦¦:»". or mlcrht •** least be. taken
f» ¦•¦urtry «. refusal to enforce the neutrality
rulea of international law. TW* could not be
tru- rritt the Davis amcminient adopted, be
cause «very aSherin* nation would become a
r*r»y with kr*>»Ied*-e cf th!s reserved rlirht of
i~if~-ie'en»e Later the third article for th«
adherence of other nations " w»s stricken out.
Says the Law of Self-Defense
Applies to Nations as to
. Individuals.
SPOON ER SPEAKS
ON THE TREATY
hygienic clothing, ,belng of an athletic
turn of mind: .I'm; very pertlckler what
I ¦wear to bed. Sometimes I don't wear
anything except a condensed undergar-
ment. That's all I wore when I got into
bed Christmas eve at the Palace Hotel
of Dunsmuir. The snow upon the ground
was a foot thick and It was twelve de-
grees below freezing point. But I didn't
care for that. I'm used to the cold.
- "About 3 o'clock in the morning I was
aroused out of a deep slumber by the
sound of fire bells. At least. I thought
they were fire bells. As I looked I thought
I saw that the hotel was afire. The flames
were coming up the staircase and I could
see them through the transom. •
"I tried to unlock the door, but I
couldn't 2nd the key. There seemed to
be nothing else to do but Jump out the
one window of the room. The window
was one of those old-fashioned kind that
closes the minute you let go.
"Well. I packed my things Into my grip
and made for the window. It was a sec-
ond-story window. About five feet be-
neath me was the .tarred roof of a shed.
It was covered with snow, and had a
strep Incline.
"I Jumped and landed on this roof. All
I had with me was this undergarment and
my grip. I slid down to the lower edge
of the roof and lost a lot of bark off my
knees before I got there.
"Now, when I had been out there a min-
ute I found that there was no fire at all.
The bells belonged to the freight engines
and the fire was nothing more than the
reflection from the hall lamp In the hotel,
"It was bitterly cold, and I thought I'd
freeze to death before I got to the top of
the roof again. When I rot there It was
like a Chinese puzzle trying to pick out
the window of my room again. They were
all alike.
"Finally I thought I had th* right one.
I raised It and crawled in. I no sooner
got my feet on the floor than loma fellow
with a big black mustache struck a match
and by the light of It poked a. big hess
pistol into my face.
"To say that I was scared la saytn* It
mildly. But I'll bet the fellow was as
scared as I was. I knew that and so
quick as a flash. I blew out Ms match
and made a bee line for the door. As luck
would have It It was unlocked,
"As I was getting out of the room the
fellow let out a whoop that was enough
to wake trp the dead and fired off his pt?
toL Of course, that awoke everybody fn
ths house. They all poked their heads
out of their doors and as I promenaded
up and down that hallway looking for my
lost room I was. to use an expression you
may have heard, before, the cynosure for
all eyes.
"I guess they must have thought I had
snakes or something like that. Anywav
I got tired of the undress parade pretty
quick and sourbt refuge to the coal be*
at the end of the hall, where the prcprte
tor found me about an hour later,
"Mine host had two constables with him.
They put manacles on my hands and Ore
gen boots on n»r feet and took me over
to the town bastile for the rest of the
night. In the morning my friend came
and told the police force that there was
nothing the- matter with me."
Coles has been under the doctor's care
since he came back from Dnasmntr.
QUEER PRANKS OF HAZERS
AT WEST POINT ACADEMY
ALAMEDA. Dec. 2S.— Beside? being
the son of his father, the wealthy
warehouse man. and a , favorite
at Tuesday Night Club func
tions, Frank Coles is also an athlete, a
sportsman* and a volunteer fireman. So 1
much of an athlete and sportsman Is Coles
that he will go long distances sometimes
to get the fresh air and a shot at a bird.
As a fireman Coles is quite extraordinary.
He Is a member of Sherman Hose No. 3
of the Alameda Fire Department and. It
is said, that he arises at the first tap of
the* gong and runs with the rest of the
bunch who bravely rescue the real estate.
This year. Coles accepted an invitation
to spend Christmas with a friend at Duns
muir, where, the friend said, they would
tramp over the ranges and scare out a
lot of grouse for extermination.
Now, Coles* friend lives a reasonable
distance from Dunsmuir In the country.
It was necessary for him to stop over
night in the town at the Palace. Hotel.
The understanding was that the .country
friend \would call for the city friend In
the morning.
By' some freak of chance the Palace
Hotel of Ehinsmuir happens to be quite
contiguous to the railroad station, and
thereby hangs this tale. Coles tells the
rest In his Inimitable style:
"You see," said he, "I'm a stickler for
FRANK COLES HAS A COLD AND HOT EXPERIENCE A^T DUXSMUIR. THINKINO HOTEL, AFIRE, HE JUMPS
OUT INTO THE SNOW. CRAWLS BACK INTO ANOTHER MAN'S ROOM AND. MISTAKEN FOR A BURGLAR
OR A LUNATIC. HAS A RUN FOR HIS LIFE.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec. SS.
Real estate brokers about town are en
tertaining each other with reminiscent
stories ot the meteoric flight through the
town of Colonel John Powers, whose hasty
drop fiom view revealed the imaginative
existence only of several millions he pro
posed to Invest in Oakland property.
The colonel was a dapper little man.
with a suavity and plausible tongue th«»t
won instant attention. He attracted the
brokers as a magnet picks up steel. That
J1.<X».000 he was going to spend here was
a tempting plum, and every dealer along
the line mho bad a house and lot on his
books was ready to do business with the
millionaire from Mexico. Frank Wood
ward of the William J. Dingee Company
was one cf those lucky enough to capture
the colonel. The scene is in Woodward's
Broadway office; time. Saturday morning
about 11 o'clock.
"Now," said the colonel, planclng at his
his watch. "I am doing my banking in San
Francisco, and I have just time enough
to reach the bank before closing time it I
catch the next train."
"Oh. no, colonel." anxiously replied
Woojward, "don't go over to-dpy. You
must ttay here and look at this property
of ours."
"But I muft gr> over and 'arrange for
the meney." insisted the millionaire, casu
ally drawing a checktook from his inside
pocket.
Woodward didn't want the colonel out
of si;rht_ He realized there were a dozen
competitors waiting to seize the Croesus
from the south, and the real estate man
did ¦not propose to" lese him.
.Woodward talked desperately. The
minutes ticked off. At last with a start
the affable colonel ejaculated. "Oh. mjv
I have mi!>-se4 my train. I'll have to ask
you tow to honor my check."
The happy Woodmprd fairly leaped to
the Vault to accommodate the Mexican
magnate. Woodward has not told any
one v^hat was the amount cf the loan,
and Powers is not here to tell either.
That «ame day there was a meeting
of the directors of the Contra Costa Wa
ter Company-. Among thor^ present wer*»
William J. HKngee and William G. Hen
?haw. president cf the Union Savings
Bank.
During zn Interim In the business Din
gee, turning to Henshaw. said:
"Say. Henshaw, I've got a man •worth
t3.000.eOO who wants to buy Oakland prop
erty. When we are through with him
I'll turn him orer to you."
"Glad to meet him, I'm sure." -replied
the banker. But the colonel has not ap
peared since to become further ac
quainted-
Millionaire From Mexico
Has a Seanca With
Frank Woodward.
unprecedented crowds to the big haunt of
vaudevillans this week. SchafCer. the
equilibrist, is a marvel; Will M. Cressy
and Blanche Dayne have a clever turn:
Bertie Fowler is an irresistible mimic;
Louise I>re;<*er and her darky pickaninnies
are a picturesque feature, and Mile. Chris
tina's animal circus. Truly Shattucft.
Johnson. Davenport and Leporello. and
Jack Norworth are the remaining num
bers of this week's excellent bill.
Fischer's Concert-house has a double
bill for the holiday week. Cogill and
Cooper's Comedians In "My Uncle from
Japan" and a Christmas fantasv. "A
Fairy Godmother." by the clever children.
Arnold and Ethel Grazer and Blanche
Treleaze.
Every afternoon and evening at the
COLONEL POWERS
MISSES A TRAIN
HERR HOFKAPELLMEISTER
EDl'ARD STRAUSS OF VIEN
NA, AUSTRIA.
KEARTT greeting awaits the ap- i
y\ pearance of Herr Hcfkapellmeis-
L\ tex Eduard Strauss and his VI-
JjX enna Orchestra next Sunday
evening at the California Thea
ter. "^h« engagement Is a notable event
< f the musical Reason. Herr Strauss cora
rr.ar-.is an orchestra of fifty musicians. In
c.^i-^g t«i sjolo'sts. selected with espe
cial reference to the rendition of the bril
liant ncmbers Trhich comprise the Strauss
rrp«rtcire. The repertoire is varied and
m sufficiently popular character to be en-
• c Z!t i by * ver T ciass of musicians.
The tmir of the famous Viennese, *ince
r.-s appearance in America early In Octo
r^r. has been quite a triumphal progress.
Everywhere the "Waltz King" and his
nien have been greeted with heartiest ac
c;a.mation. and everything points to a
r :mi.ar welcome for them on Sunday next.
Fpecial prices will prevail during the en
pacement. which will last for one week
on ; y. The programme will be changed
evening and will Include not only
the waltzes which are Identified with the
famous Strauss name but some of the
lighter classic numbers, ar.d a few new
er:inpositions by Herr Strauss, to be given
here for the first time.
The pretty comedy. "At the White
Hcrse Tavern." now playing at the Cali
fornia Theater. Is In high favor with the
tieater-going public It is bright, quaint,
original and thoroughly clean and whole
seme from beginning to end.
"Why Emith Left Home" is doing good
business at the A'.hambra. The popular
farce will continue to be the bill for the
remainder cf the week, and on Sunday
r.ext Jacob Lett's big production of "Shen
andoei," the war-time drama, will be
put on. - . .-
"Cinderella." the children's show, at
the Tlvoll, 1* growing In popularity
•with each performance. The "Carmen"
burlesque rtill remains the beautiful star
cf the production, but "Romeo and Ju
liet." the new electric ballet, comes a
close second. A New Year's matinee is
fenrcunced for the little ones' benefit, and
ether r.ew features are being prepared for
their entertainment.
At the new Central Theater "The Heart
cf Maryland" still holds successful sway.
The play is admirably mounted, well aci
*d and aliosreth^r a. worthy example of
that class of perfnnnaTice hitherto sacred
to the name cf Morosco. "Woman and
"Wire" is announced as the next attrac
tion.
Tfce Orpheura Road Show is drawing
"Naujrhty Anthcr.y" Is tte Alcazar The
ater'« holiday offe ring. An extra matinee
i* announced for New Yrar's day.
WHITEHALL. HI., Dec 26.— A band of
probably fifty men forced an entrance in
to the Green County Jail, at Carrolltown.
early this morning and maae a thorough
search for Albert S. Henkle, who Is under
arrest charged with assaulting and rob
bing Miss Grace GUler in "Whitehall on
Monday evening last. Henkle had been
prcretly removed to the Jail at Alton and
this action on the part of the Sheriff, it
is believed. Is all that prevented a lynch
ing. "When convinced that Henkle .was
not , in the jail, the men returned to
Whitehall.
Henkle was indicted for the murder of
A. J. Allen, a pumper, at the Burlington
reservoir near this city, September 30,
15?9. After being twice continued, the
case was dismissed at the last term of the
Circuit Court by the State's attorney and
he returned to "Whitehall. He 13 about
22 years old.
Removes a Prisoner From
Jail in Time to Prevent
a Lynchinqr.
Chutes and Zoo this -week a Christinas
tree, with presents for ail the children,
will bo shedding gifts around: A "black
ballet" and amateurs' night will be thia
evening's special programme.
THEATBICAL MANAGERS
HOLD ANNUAL BANQUET
Merry Gathering of Those Who Strive
t- to Amuse a Fastidious
Public.
The San Francisco theatrical managers
held their second annual banquet at Del
monlco's last evening. One of the feat
ures of the occasion was a large paint
ing of the members of the association, all
circled about a champagne bottle ani
clinking their glasses. The faces were
strikingly life-like and the picture creat
ed mui-h merriment. The menu? were
quite unique, the outer cover containing
a pad of tickets, each ticket representing
one of the theater?.
The wording cf the programme ami
menu was another »Iece of originallt>.
The salutatory annoiiriceci the second an
nual presentation, one ' night only,
of " 'Ke-TrinJcan-Bern-Arry' (from the
Swedish), a coratdy in one act. Scene laij
in Delmonico's at P p. m." Then follows
the list of players as follcws=:
Morris Meyerfeld Jr., a gentleman with
military honor* Captain Swi/t
J. J. Gcttiob. as always. "The Way Only"
.-. Lieutenant Neatness
Melville Marx, a gentleman counties on In
terest at 10 per csnt :.. Monte Cristo
••Dot-"" Leahy, bulldln? '-The' Hous* That
Jack Built" - Hoot Mon
Mr>. Ernestine Krelin^. a lady to be re
spected by the author ..Cinderella
Mark- Thall. a gentleman with honors not
to exceed *S year3 Naughty Anthony
Fred BMascn. a your.r roan who resembles
"Napoleon" Frederick the Great
Walter Mcrr.seo First Offictr
Harry Morosco Second Officer
Lewis Bishop Third Officer
(Officers of the Second.)
Selty Oppenfceimer McFee of Dublin
S. H. Friediander McFee of Scotland
(Two "Scotchmen" from .)
John Morrlsey. a tobacco planter, who
claims Justice in time of war Malt Man
Alt Ellinghause. a soldier of 'The Em
pire" Phil Sheridan
Charles Ackerrr.an. animal trainer from
Chatesville Congo- Wallace
Albert Walterstein. a manufacturer of cash
r^tris'ters Hunting John
Edward Levy, overseer of Chutesv'He (by
kind permission) Archie Levy
Joe Gottlcb. yountf and progressive— "Slcyn
dicate" Tout Man
Soldiers and shipcalk*r* Invited guests.
Lewis Morrison officiated as toast
ma st*r. Among the guests were A.
Abraham?. Julius Whitmark. Charles
Brown. Clarence Drowns and Colonel de
Claircnont.
SHERIFF FOILS
AN ILLINOIS MOB
Alameda Sportsman Sets Out After Game and Himself
- Becomes- the Quarry in Dunsmuir Hostelry.
* Famous Viennese Composer- and Director Will Follow "At
the White Horse Tavern," Opening on Sunday Next. .
Six weeks ago Ernest Haquette staked
half of the Palace of Art on Post
street, near Montgomery, upon the life
cf Harry Veuve and Veuve lived and won
It. Last night he came to claim his own,
but erded with a genuine Rembrandt, a
bottle or two of wine and a shake of the
hand. The bet was that Veuve should die
before Christmas of this year. Haquette
had dreamed it and he had faith in his
dream, and when the time came he was
ready to pay his part of the wager and
take Veuve in as his partner.
It was six weeks ago that the bet was
made A'euve and Haquette " met and
Veuve mentioned that he had seen Ha
quette's obituary in the papers and he
thought well of it. Haquette called at
tention to the fact that the obituary was
for his partner, Cassanova. who had died
a few days before, and being on subjects
grewscme and *omber, he went on to tell
of a dream he had had. . The substance
of the dream was that Cassanova had
appeared to him and had said that with
in two or three weeks H?.rry Veuve would
join the gathering on the I other side of
the river. Htquette and Veuve were old
acquaintances, but Veuve did not see anv
thing funny in the dream and he said so,
and ottered to bet anything in sight that
not enly at the end of three weeks,' but
when Christmas came, he would be alive
and v-ell. Haquette stuck to his dream
and offered to back it with half of his
place of business on Post street and the
wager was accspied.
The Palace of Art is> a curiosity in its
way. Its walls are hung with one of the
best collections of paintings in the city,
and in cabinets end around the walls are
curios and gem? and quaint carvings
enough to tire the eye. Haquette says
$100,000 would not fit the place up ss it is
at present, yet being a sport of the old
school and willing to back hi3 word with
his all. he cheertulty put tip the half of
his place on the venture that his dream
would eonce true and that he woulo have
the melancholy pleasure of attending the
funeral of a defeated bettor before his
Christmas dinner. An agreement in legal
form was drawn up and Haquette signed
it. and all the others in the crowd signed
as witnesses.
Christmas came and Veuve called Ha
quette over the telephone and reported
alive and well and willing to claim half of
what was coming to him.
Haquette wrote a nice little note to
Veuve, saying he was glad to give half of
the Palace if only to keep Veuve on earth
a while longer, and he sent the first in
stallment on the bet — a Rembrandt worth
tlOJjCO. He sent congratulations, too. for
the holiday season and hopes of a happy
new year as well.
Last evening the new partner, accom
panied by several of his trlends, same
down to claim his own. Haquette Knew
they were coming, but he was game ¦ In
answer to any question about his bet he
Insisted that half the place was Veuve's —
"half the pictures and works of art." he
added, "I made the wager and I bet half
of what I own. but that's all right: I'll
have to stand for It."
It was well along toward 12 o'clock
» hen Veuve came down to take posses
sion of his new property. With- him were
Peter Martin. Herman Oelrichs. "Walter
Martin, Bob Grayson, Tom Williams,
Truxton Beale. Harry Creswell and a
few others. They walked In and asked
for the keys of the safe, the best bottle
cf wine behind the bar and the attend
ance of all the employes of the place.
Haquette invited them to a seat, and then
over several cold bottles they discussed
what should be taken first and whether
the Veuve half should be allowed to re
main where it was or should at once be
transferred to any place the new. owner
should see tit. Then Issue was joined,
and before "Judge" Grayson the case of
Veuve vs. Haquette was tried, finds were
found and conclusions were reached, and
it was decided that with the transfer of
the Rembrandt gem the wager should
close.
There were more bottles and more good
wishes and congratulations, and a son?
or two and much hilarity over the whole
business, but It was with a sigh of relief
that Haquette found he would not have
to make good, and that he need not part
with his treasures.
The Rembrandt that now belongs to
Veuve, Haquette bought some years ago
at a sale In this city. Haquette Is an
old art connoisseur, and he knew what
he was getting better than the man who
sold it, and he got it for far less than it
was wor'h, but its los* means several
good tho-:*ands to him, and he will make
no more rash wagers. .
"I shouldn't have done It.' was his
comment before Veuve came in and the
bet was declared off, "but I made the bet.
and if he wants It, half the place Is hla."
That would have meant fifty thousand off
Haquette's Christmas.
Believed Harry Veuve "Would Die
Before Christmas, but Veuve
Lives and Compromises on
a Valuable Painting.
Erntst Haquette Plunges? on
a Dream, but Is Willing
to Make Good.
BETS HALF OF HIS
PLACE ON A LIFE
STRAUSS, THE "WALTZ KING."
COMING TO THE CALIFORNIA
HOTEL GUESTS CHASE SCARED
NIMROD INTO THE COAL BOX
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1900.
Tale Musical dub's Concert.
OAKLAND. Dec 21-Tbe Tale Glee.
Banjo and Mandolin clubs rive their eon.
cert at the Macdonough Theater on the
evening of January 2. In the afternoon
they will be tendered a reception at th«
home of E. E. Goodrich. *
Death of Harmon Le Conte.
BERKELEY. Dec 26.— Harmon Le
Conte. son of Town Trustee J. N. ,' Le
Conte, died this morning- after a long 1 ill
ness. The lad was XJ years of age. Fu
neral arrangements hare. net .been corn-
Passing of a Pioneer.
OAKLAND. Dec. 25.— KHllan Messmer,
a pioneer miner and for forty years a
resident of Oakland, died "at hls'horai?,
2050 Thirteenth avenue, this morning.'Mr.
Messmerj left an estate valued . at S20.000.
He came to California during the gold
excitement In 1552, He •was 18 years • of
age at the time of his death.
Oakland Divorce Suits.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2S.-Hertxrt I* Car
lisle has b*>pun suit against his wife,
Daisy, fir divorce, alleging desertion.
The couple hare b*en married seven years
end h»v<! four children. On. the same
ground Mrs. Lizzie Dunn Is euing William
I:. Dunn for a legal separation.
An ar.cltr.t philosopher once -said:
"There are only two jrood men: one of
them Is cead tr.d the other Is not ret
bcrn."
o
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. ', THURSDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1900.
10
SAX FRAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Saa Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
tictli 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery "treeC
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes ctreet; open ur.tU 9:S0 p. m.
O McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. tn.
£_ Larkin street; open until »:30 pt m.
1M1 Mission street; open until 19 p. m.
22a Market ctreet. corner Sixteenth; open
tr.til > p. m.
:06 Eleventh etrtet; open until 8 p. m.
YM Valencia street: open until * p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. ro.
MEETING NOTICES.
X STATED meeting of Terba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. "W*
Scottieh Rite of Freemasonry, will be J\
held in Commandery Hall, Masonlo MA
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING, __s»
Dec 27, 1SO0, at S o'clock.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 7S, R. A. M.— a
Special meeting THIS
EVENING. 7:^J o'clock. Mission Ma-lC3r
eonlc Temple, 2668 Mission street' "s^ >
Royal _r_ degree. By order of the H. F.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. _
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _J_,
EVENING, L>tc I", at 7:30 o'clock. In- _C
etallauon of officers. By order of the / ~ l
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. ft
— Sf*ci_ meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING at 7:35 o'clock. First de- jLj\
gree. Masons cordially Invited. By / ~r »
order cf the W. M. *
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lode* No. _6. F. and A. M. — m
Epeclal meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Jk^
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. Second op- /Kj\
gres. Sojourning Brethren are cordial- ' ~T »
ly Invited. By ord»»r of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodg-e So. 212. F. •¦
and A. M., will meet THIS <THURS-^fc
PAY) EVENING Et 7:23 o'clock, f or T_3f
Installation of its offloers. Master Ma- / ~r
eons tre cordially Invited. By order, of the
Matter. K. C. HARE, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodfe No. 155. I. O. O. F. -j*_ttJ_V
—InltlaUon THIS .THritiDAY)
EVENING. Visitors cordially In-
v'ted.
FRANK P. AEHV TORTH. N. O.
FRANK D. MACBETH. Rec. Sec
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 17?. I. O. ,s_JjS5_j>.
O F.— Initiation THIS (THURS- -vjSSgSrr
DAT) EVEXtN'G. 7:30 o'clock. "^gSSSg^
Members are requested to attend. "*/'»v>
Business ol lmpcrtai:ce. Visitors welcome.
THOS. TIPPETT, N. G.
E. 6. ~IS~ELL. Pw S. »
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v %?"&%.
Club meets THIS iTHCRSDAY> 5S S»y,J
EVEJTIXG. Fraternity Hall, 12 ¦ v*,Xp?
O'Farrell et_, at h o'clock. Dls- ~_~>
tributlon of tickets ' for the Hogmanay sup-
per and dance. JOHN ROSS. Royal Cnlef.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
i:E_I3ERS cf the Brotherhood of _sn_\
Teamsters are hereby notifled to at "/S5sCA
tend the next regular meeting. Curtsy
THURSDAT EVENING. Dec 27. to \$2#/
elect efficera.
JOHN' McLAUGHLIX. Secretary.
SPRING Valley Water Works— Annual Meettng
—The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Spring Valley Water Works will be held
at the offlce of the company. No. 126 Stock-
ton street, San Francisco. California, at 13
o'clc>ck M.. on "WEDNESDAY, the 9th day
of January, 1501. to «?lect trustees to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such ether business aE may come before
the meeting. San Francisco, Califomla.
FELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
""KE annual meeting of the rtockholders ol the
Nevada National Bank cf San Francisco. Cal..
will be held at Its banking house, SOI Mont-
gomery «t., San Francisco. Cal., on TUES-
DAY January S, 1SC1. at 3:15 o'clock p. m..
for the election of directors to serve for the
cseuicg year and the transaction of such
ct'icr business es icay come before the meet-
leg. GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
Pan Frar-riyo. December S. 1900.
AGE.VTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. «12, Porrott bldg.
JsOLICITOrtS wanted; oien or women; good J
salaries warranted ; payable either weekly or
rnant—ly; expenses paid. P27 Market, rm. €15.
AGENTS to Introduce best thing on coast. Ad-
<ir<>g« Dundee Mfg. Co.. U. Flood bldg.. S. F.
ADOPT IPX.
A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Add.
— : rs. Dr. Vunke, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ASMIA—TX'Jll ItOOKISfG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
pa'.red; postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTItOLOGY.
DR. C. TOCEEY TAYLOR. SdenUfle Astrolo-
ger— Fr«* copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, KTT Marke*. St.. 6th floor, room €27
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cas?s; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee with out success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law.KO Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. SMITH; mining and probate law a
FpeclaJty. Mills big., r. 3. «th flr.; tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. SZ7 Market Et., opp. Masqn .
1. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bid*.. Third and
Market rts.; phone Red £262.
L. g. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
k*t rt.: consultation fre*: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN sells the Best bicycles. Columbia,
£p&l£ingr. Barnes, Hartford, Monarch. Stor-
cser. Pennant. S20 up. 301 Larkin _ 1S70 Page.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A $750 CORNER grocery and bar. with 11 fur-
nished rooms; rent $40; finest business corner
la Western Addition; is doing a splendid
business. Call R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A :2% P.ESTAURANT In the Mission, kept by
present owner S years, and always cleared
&bove i'.Ll per month; rent $25; with 8 rooms.
U5. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'* Kearny st.
A S2500 CORNER grocery and bar on Nineteenth
et., known as one of the best paying corner
groceries In this city; rent $40; stock will in-
voice $200C'; horse and wagon; only reason for
celling, owners to retire. Call R. G. WTLKB,
26 1 * Kearny st.
A— ITSO; restaurant with 25 furnished rooms. In
Stockton; rent 125; 2 years' lease; owner to
leave for Hast; murt sell quick; a good-pas-ing
business. Call R. O. WILKE. 26V4 Ke_my st.
A— $:„; RESTAURANT and cbophouse opp. R.
R. cable house; rent 120; good paying place;
investigate soon, at! rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26S Kearny gt.
A— 55000— LEADING barroom of this city; es-
tablished many y«ars and doing a first-class
paying business; place is located near Kearny
— nd Markrt eta.; above IZX0 etock on hand;
splendid bargain; owner naust leave the city
— t once to attend business "_orth. Call R. G.
WILKE. !C^ Kearny st.
A-»_S0; CORNER rrocery and bar. one block
eouth of McAllister st.: rent $45; i\b years'
lease; etock will invoice the crice; a good-
paying business and wtabllshed many years.
OH It. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A»-WANTED— A good tenant for grand cor-
xer store and basement with fixtures suit-
able for grocery business; epeclal induce-
ments. Apply PPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
$450— FRENCH laundry, wltii all tools neces-
aary; doing fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$150 AND 1200— Restaurants, all complete In
rood location*; also restaurant with bar. on
water front- D. McRAE Furniture Co S37
Mlf-elon st.
FOR SALE— On account eickness the Working-
men's Home ealoca, £26 Sacramento bL In-
quire premises.
RHEUMATISM: and sprains, cured. Parrott
building, 10 to 12 m.. 1 to 3 p. m, S3 Market
- et., rooms 475-4.
a c$ 0 Jit££2l "^ rood tnAt; bare - a -
MUBT sell; 2-cb_x barber shop, $40. 414 pa-
cific ft.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor to buy a well-
established "LadlPS* Tailoring" in Oakland-
rood location: will nf\l at a bargain. Par-
ticulars at M. ROTHCHILD'S, 526 Sutter st. '
San Francisco. *
A-PLAY THE RACES^ ~^ ~
20 to CO per cent profit monthly on our new
ryetexa; call and investigate. N. S. HVND _
CO.. expert handicappers. «uit 12, S4 Kearny.
»»n CAEH buys a, good weekly paper: "owner
must leave on business. Address Box 83S.
CeH office.
WANTED— A good man with $500 or J10O0 cap-
ital to buy livery stable In a tire t-class coun-
try town; cheap rent. Particulars at 48
Eighth Bt. ¦ -
BAKERY to let. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero;
established six years; good corner; rent cheap.
fan WINS S3C0 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons. 821 Market, r. 4.
EAKERY— Bert location In the city; fin« ttort
. ta-e. Afla-M»JgoxJi?g. Ca- o—c*^ . - v
, BUSrVESS CHANCES COXTIMED.
$400— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
tion perfect; cigars, stationery, notions. Wait-
Ing room, 23d-ave. station. East Oakland. . .
CORNER grocery and saloon, 4 living rooms;
cheap. 1618 Sanchez st ,
FOR sa'le— First-class saloon; central; complete
t tock. Box 33S2. Call offlce.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1£ pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year ¦ for $1,
postage paid. -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR BALE.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, 15J p. c;
anything you want In lodging-houses; s'xnpls:
i rooms on Turk st., rent S27; price $300'
1 rooms on Larkin st, rent $40; price.... $450
10 rooms on Taylor it, rent $40: price $550
' 13 rooms on O'Farrell st. rent $50; price.. $550
13 rooms on Mason st, rent $35; price..... $350
15 rooms on O'Farrell st., rent $65; price.. $750
16 rooms on Turk St., rent $65; price...... $S00
1C rooms on Howard St. rent $25; price... $750
17 rooms on Taylor et, rent $S0; price. ...$1475
1J rooms on Taylor Et. rent $75; price.. ..$1250
14 rooms on Leav. et., rent $125; price. ...$1300
87 rooms on Powell et, rent $176; price.... $1900
44 rooms on Market st, rent $175; price.. .$2400
More money wanted to loan on lodging-houses
on 1-$ value at 1 per cent up; gilt-edge eo-
curity; no expense to lender.
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 916 Market st; phone Black £215.
60 ROOMS: newly fum_hed; rent $150 $3000
43 rooms; apartment; rent $120; price.... 3000
S7 rooms; money-maker; near Market.... 1900
23 rooms; Market; ijood location... 1000
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra... 850
18 rooms; Eddy; Just cut; only 950
2$ rooms: Market: elegantly furnished... 1950
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 50 900
10 rooir.E. $450; 10 rooms, quick 350
20 rooms; detach»d: handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only 565 month; clears $100 month; spe-
ciai snap. FISHER — CO.. 1032 Market st.
27-ROOM boarding-house; north of Market!
11 rooms; on Eddy st.
21 rooms; on Kearny st
Ee? large list of many other bargains at offlce. i
EMERY & CO., 3 Eddy st. rooms 1 and 2.
' ~ ~ MARION GRIFFIN.719
Market st.. r. 1; tel.
Black 1603, near the
Call bld>.; big frea
list'
LARGEST list lodglne-houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHaRD.
rms. 1-2, 617 Market st. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
$1100—60 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent BASILE, 8 Eddy st
LODGING house and restaurant in Stockton;
good for man and wife. Address JOHN Mc-
KINSEY. €47 West Market St.. Stockton.
GOOD-PAYING rooming-house of 32 rooms for
f-ale; located at 1122 Market st Call and see
proprietor; good reason for selling.
10- ROOM house; all full. Inquire 136 Tenth St.
second floor. '
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsTdR FARNHAM. worid"ren owned spirit^
ual medium: advice. in all affairs of life, law-
cults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a epecialty; drs. Sun., Wed., Fri.ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
C13 Eddy st, bet Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie seance to-day.
13 o'clock; SOc. 10S4 Bush, nr. Leavenvrorth.
9
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister et; lOo; come skeptics.
EARLE. S05 Taylor st. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, -
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy Et
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, raed. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
C Mayo-Bteers. 112V4 Oak. trance medium:
readings. $1; hours, 1-5 p. m. : tel. Howard 527.
CLAIRVOYAMS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Market
St., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
2€; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. . Send stamp for pamphlet
with epeclal terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ card
reader, born with double veil— second Eight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. Bit $1 50. 126 Turk. :
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed: 26c up. 17 Third st, next Examiner.
ISMAR. the Egyptian srypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market opp.
¦6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. F. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony,
has returned to business; clairvoyant and
card reader: ladiea 25c. gents 50c. 46 7th st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie st
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card rearder; 25c 7 Seventh st
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader me-
dium: 25c up. S23 Mission Et, nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 6th; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny et, rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAMNG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'8 Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 818 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
Sc yd: laying a epecialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S, H Eighth st ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express, wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for pale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW _ 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts Sc har-
neg«. work & driving horseg. lath & Valencia.
CHIROPODISTS. "^~~~
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION .OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Afrency— Ko charge un-
less Eueeefsful. Roon S10. 927 Market st
DENTISTS. ';
AT the EL^CT^"d^En"tXl^lTnIC; 809 Mar^
ket at., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg,, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 £0 up; plate*r"«xtract ions, free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 13 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 psr cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgrewOTk. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings. Me; plates,
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
"and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret palnles* method; 20 years", ex-
perience; no student*: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; "lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. L.EEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 00c; gas 6iven.
THE New York DentUts have moved to 9€3
Mission st, cor. Rlxth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c. "
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market
st; expert extracting;, crown and bridge work.
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S.
PARIS Dental Parlor, ¦ ITS Kearny, cor. - Bush —
Full ect of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner - Sixth.
EET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O~
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. .1019 Market ft.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Postover O'Connor & MoSXatt.
DRESSMAKING: reasonable prices; dresses
made over: perfect flt.~ 3S7 Geary st. ,
_ EDCCATIOXAL.
EVENINc' U S^wb_.Vs."-"iC~_USIN_SS^COL^'
LEGE. 123C Market st ;. individual instruction
In bookkeeping, ehorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching ; tuition . $5 > month. ¦ ';. ¦
ALL students but two taking : full course • this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1226 Market St. '
AYHE8' Businers College. 723 Market st— Day
and evening;- $S per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete '¦¦ business \ educa-
tion.' including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 position* secured for our students
' Curing th • past 6 months; catalogue tree. ¦• - ,
EDPCATIOXAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.— {
- Ehorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F. v
Gallagher, expert court reporter, , teacher of
ehorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, - etc ; day
and night sessions ; new 80-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tiens guaranteed to it by written: contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or. any
' Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MISS M. O. BARJRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough ..book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mlnlng.mech.,sur-
, vey. assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
PIANO, hist, of music, French and German.
MME. PRILL. Y. M..C.A. bldg., Sth floor.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. B. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' . Agey. A.McN!ell,Mgr.,r. 81. Flood
bldg.: high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo.. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION; night cl a3S. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES..
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.; near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co.; est.
1870; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlaadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD A.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
bast help. E26 O'Farrell st ; tel. Hyde 213L
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2801.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. • 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nese help.426 Powell.nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Bert h<»lr». <11H O'Farrell St.: tcl. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALES
AN elderly woman, good American cook, ele-
gant baker, particularly clean and careful;
small family; wages moderate. 770 Harrison.
AMERICAN girl, experienced in chamberwork
and housework, would like a position at
either, and sleep home. Box 8S8, Call office.
YOUNG lady would like refined young lady
companion; one willing to travel prefeired.
Box SSO Call offlce. * •
LADY wants work by the day; house or of floe
cleaning. 462% Mlnnla st
A WOMAN wishes a position to do house
cleaning or' washing. 550 Mission st.
MIDDLE-aged woman wants position as
„ housekeeper; wages $10 to $12. 192 7th. r. IT.
RELIABLE woman desires position as cook.
Box 879, Call office. •
A WOMAN wishes a position to do work by the
day; chamberwork. 233 Perry st .
A WOMAN wishes ; a position to do house
cleaning, washing and ironing. -731 Folsom et.
A LADY would like a position doing chamber-
work in jl first-class hotel; cltylor country.
Box 3906.. Call office. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar^
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night, $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. I
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
'subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
STEADY' man wishes position as hostler or
man about place; can ¦ milk; willing and
obliging; references. Box 874. Call .office.
SALESMAN, experienced in wholesale grocery
line, desires position In that or good specialty
line; city or suburban towns; good references.
Box 876. Call office. ¦.-"-. .
NO. 1 bookkeeper and effice man, long business
experience, good references. Is open for posi-
tion at once. Box 675, Call offlce.
WANTED— By a medical student, a position In
a physician's offlce or hospital, where he can
secure means to finish his medlca.1 education;
have had three terms in medical college; not
afraid of a little work. Box 887, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED roan, practical gardener,
wishes a position in giod private family; can
do all kinds of work around. the house. Box
ES2. Call office. ' '
A YOUNG man, wall educated, wishes ppsltion
In wholesale house. Address lGlSVfc Filbert at.
SITUATION by young Swlra with extended
business experience, knowing thoroughly Ger-
man, French, Italian and English; best refer-
ences. Box 8S9, Call office.
ANY kind of work by strong young man. R,
NOLLEROTH, 10K Twelfth st. Oakland.
BARBER, first-class workman, desires steady
position or Saturday and Sunday. Box STS,
Call offlce.
SITUATION by middle-aged German as porter,
dishwasher or bedmaker; can milk cows: Is
eteady and sober; city or country. Address
FRED GSRBER, 623 Clay St.
SITUATION wanted by elderly Swiss to tak*
charge of private place; references. -Address
Box 899., Call offlce. -
YOUNG man with wide experience In cream-
ery business, good butter maker and under-
stands machinery well, desires position . as
assistant in same. Box 3994, Call office. .
EXPERIENCED offlce man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other offlce work;
security given it wanted. A. B. box 722, CalL
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' . ¦ ¦ ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fiilmore gt.
EXCHANGE.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange anything
on earth, see E. J. LUNDIN. 835 Market st;
£00 shares gilt edge oil stock: sacrifice.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by- the latest sanitary process . may address
Feather Factory, 244 Etevenson st. .
FLATS TO LET.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
4 LARGE sunny rooms; modern Improvements.
18 Lloyd st, off Scott, near Waller.
$7 — 4-HOOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant bet
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 841 Bryant
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat for sale; furnishings and flat
brand new: rent $30; location choice. Ad-
dress A. B.. box 3960, Call offlce. >-"• ¦
- FRATERNAL.
"CHOSEN FRIENDS", who are not over 65 and
In good health will find a proposition t that
will interest ' them by calling on , or writing
to S. A. D. JONES, 413 Claus Spreckels
building, city. . : - . r, r
FURNITURE: FOR SALE.
r^ROOMS "furnished In oak $48 40, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., -. 1127-1131 Market.
runxiTcii- . wasted. > ;
I CII AS. LEVY \ buys • your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st;: tel.: Jessie 761. .-:¦
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.
Bee W. E. CODY, 757 . Mission. , tel. ,- Red 3353.,.
A. WOLLPERT,"' 773 Mission ; St., . pays highest
price for. second-hand 'lurnlture;, tel.; Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin ; tel. Polk 6S1 ;
furniture & fuYn'd houses bottght ; spot cash.
UELr WANTJED— FEMALE.
SECOND girl, $20; cook.* $30: house girl, coun-
try, $25; woman to cook for men, $13; woman
with a child, country, $15; waitress and cham-
bermaid. $20. MRS.- NORTON, 313 Sutter. st
WANTED— A lady: for housework; good home,
fair pay to. right party; call after 2:p. ro,
113 Taylor st.
WANTED— A neat girl to do plain cooking and
-light housework. -Apply 011 Ellis st., between
9 and E Si'-^'1^SSS9$mtBSStSBSS&SSSBBS8Si'
EXPERIENCED cpera torsion fchlrts and over-
alls. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission sf-
AM ATEUR ¦ singers ' wanted. Apply ¦ at ' Chutes '
¦:. at 6 o'clock this evening. .
GIRL 1 J to 15 to assist in ' general housework;
, no washing. ¦ 1£_ , Vallejo at, ' - - j
HELP WANTED^-FEMALE.
A— C. r; HANSEN _ CO... I.':. Phone Grant IK
...... ..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT : . . . : . . . ... .
Head waitress, $30; head waitress, $25," coun-
¦¦ try; 2 ¦ waitresses, ¦ south. - free transportation,
$20, see party here; 2 waitresses, . Arizona, $20.
free fare; waitresses, \: Marysville, $22.50, free
fare; waitress, Maryeville ¦¦ $20:^2 waitresseE,
Utah. $20. fare -advanced; waitress. Pacific
Grove. $20, < free fare; waitress. Colusa, $20.
free fare; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 4 chamber-
maids, to wait, $20...:........."-... •••••
.......... FAMILY, DEPARTMENT ..........
Working housekeeper for old lady. $15; house-
glrl ' on ranch, $20, ¦'¦ see party here, choice
place ; housegirl, Swedish or German, $30,
cee - party here; ; bousegirls, second ¦<¦ girls,
nursegirls. etc. C.R, HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ,
FOUR more waitresses. Southern California,
$20. . C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRLS wanted. National Laundry Co.. 411
Sanchez st.' / ¦¦ --¦_-
WAITRESS: for 12 hours in restaurant; state
wages and experience. Box 877, Call officer 7
YOUNG girt to assist with chjldren. Call at
1SUM Post St.. near Fillmore.
WANTED— A good w_ iter. 1«4 Third st.
WANTED— A woman for second work. Call
720 Franklin st. 1 to 4 o'clock.
FINISHERS on ladles' cloaks and suits. L.
HORVITZ. 751 Market St.. second floor.
WAN TED— Neat young girl for housework. 710
Hyde st. '
GIRL to assist housework and cooking; wages
$15. 862 Halght st.; after 9 a. m.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
A MIDDLE-AGED girl for general housework
and cooking; good wages; small washing. Ad-
dress Box', 901, Call offlce. , • . ,» •
WANTED— Apprentice girl on custom coats;
paid while learning. 916 Market, r. 82, Elxth
" floor. ¦ '¦ ; ;¦;...-'. " ¦ . :
WANTED — Respectable, neatly dressed woman
for commercial position; salary and expenses.
Box 898. Call. - :
: — — ¦ ' '
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32V4 Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office. for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia' st. .
HELP WAXTED-MALES.
AT C. R. HANSEN &. CO.... '.Phone Grant 185
RAILROAD WORK "
20 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
For Cal & N. W. R. R.. Uklah....Free Fare
New Work.......... Free Fare
20 teamsters, R. R. work. $2 a day
For, State of Nevada Free Fare
20 laborers, company's work $1.75 a day
Free Fare... Free;Fart Free Fare
10 tunnelmen, big tunnel, Chatsworth Park
Free Fare. :....„. Free Fare Free Fare
Farmer and wife, $35 to $40; German milkers,
$30 to $35; 2 miners, asphalt mine, $2 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, J100; second, $95; butcher, hotel, $75;
first class barkeeper, country hotel, $40 to $50;
5 French and Italian waiters, $11 a week, fare
advanced: 2 waiters, country hotel, $30; col-
ored waiter, country club, $40; colored waiter,
country hotel. $25.
C. R. HANSEN 104 Geary st.
A FIRST-CLASS head waiter and steward,
must be a thorough, competent man, one
who has been in business for. himself pre-
ferred; $100. Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
A CORRESPONDENT familiar with Eastern
and Coast trade In fruits, salmon and gen-
eral line of products: salary to commence
with, $125. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary-
A JAPANESE Janitor for institution, country;
must have good references ; $35 and room.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT «,.
"Wm. Harrigan, washer, please call; wasMr
and starcher, hotel laundry, $45; washer,
country laundry. $40 and found; washer and
run engine, country laundry, $35; polisher and
starcher, country laundry, $50; polisher, $26.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A.M. TO-DAY..
E laborers, no experience required, city
$30 and found
2 strong boys, learn, trade ......$1 day
2 single-hand miners, $60; stableman; chore-
man, see boss here; laborer for ranch. $20; S
fanners and wives, vineyard and farms, $35
. and $46: chore boy*; 150 woodchoppers and
tiemakers, • $1. $2 and $3 per cord, 9c to 12e
ea.cn ......— .......-...^. •..-"........-. .........".-..
........HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS........
Cook's helper for camp. $30 and found; third
hand baker, country shop, $30 and found:
butcher, country shop: "* 8 cooks, city and
country. $10 week. 135 and $40: waiters, kitch-
en hands, etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay St.
A-WANTED
2 miners. $3 a day; farmer and wife, $3o;
milker. $35: milker, country, $25; first and
.second cooks for boat, $40 and $25; 4 wood-
¦choppcrs, pine, oak and redwood. $1 50, $1 40
and 90c a cord; German choreman for resort,
$25 and found; boy to learn wagonmaking
trade, $3 a week to commence. W. D. EWER
6 CO.. : 610- Clay st. *
A— WANTED........... .-"
OflJce boy for our office," $3 a week.. W. D.
EWER - CO., 610 Play st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
free employ, bureau: only recog. union bar-
bers. 115 Turk; tel. Foleom 1E83. I. Less, sec.
BAP.BERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment.^I^ernard : Sec :: Jl0j^nhjJe2 1 £es2leJ^
A— 1 PLUMBER. 1 ehaper hand. 8 cabinet-
makers, - carpenters ; all non-union.* Mechan-
ics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny, room 9.
BOY to drive wagon; help In grocery and bar;
$3 per week. Box 891. Call office.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter St. -
COPPERSMITH wanted at 521 Mission at ;,
WANTED— Experienced implement and vehicle
traveling salesman^ give references and sal-
ary wanted. Box 884, . Call offlce.
GOOD restaurant cook wanted; able to put up
a good dinner; married man preferred. Box
886. Call office.
EXTRA lunch waiter wanted. 212 Brannan St.
DISHWASHER wanted. California Coffee
Parlor. 307 California. st ,* ; : '
A MAN wanted who can drive a horse. Apply
Girls', Directory, • Central ave. . and Waller St.
ERRAND boy for downtown store; $4 per
week. Box 890.' Call , office. • :
WANTED— A good barber; steady; also extra:
• wages. 8250 Mission st. - ¦ ¦ .
BARBER for city: wages, $12; guarantee. Ap-
ply H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1340 Market St., near
Jones, opposite Seventh. •' . . . ¦•¦».; ->- r ;'
WANTED— Bedmaker; middle-aged man. C_U
- between 9 and 10 at 614 Kearny st.
DISHWASHER : wanted ; experienced kitchen
.hand. -600 Beale st. - '-, <
S DISHWASHERS wanted at 667 Sixth st- ;
call early. 5 - ¦ . '
WAITER wanted; do porter work and carry
trays. 37 Eddy st. ¦ - : '" . J '¦.."-'
WANTED— First-class machinists for U. • S.
¦ coaling station, Samoa. Apply HEALY..TIB-
BITTS & CO., 42-44 Steuart Bt.
PORTER for barber shop; $9 a week. 6 Mar-
.. kefst. ¦ . a :'."• ¦ ¦ :-;.".'¦ .,.-¦¦.'
GOOD home on ranch for man •who can cook;
make himeelf useful. 18 East St. -.'-.-¦ » „
WANTED— Man to clean In a drug store. 639
McAllister st. . : . -
NICE, dean, - experienced dishwasher. 1507^
Market st., near Eleventh. : ( .¦
2-CHAIR 15c barber shop for sale on account of
¦Ill-health, 12 E. San Fernando St., Ban Jose.
GERMAN boy for printing offlce. Room 4,' 535
California. .. ;. - : •¦• ; ¦¦; •. ¦;...
WANTED— A plumber. Call bet. T , and 8 at
633 ' Mission st. 1 .
YOUNG | man f to ; ; work In restaurant; ' germ an
; prelerred. , Apply; 212 Third st. . " • ;
STRONG - boy ; to - work ' in : liquor store : must
r, know the city;. well; bring ref.^- 714 Folsom.'
GENTLEMAN ¦ of : J Indomitable , energy . and
¦ push; » good i opportunity.; to right man.%.* F.
PERSON, room 412. '.. Parrott building. ¦ :. :
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor to buy a well es-
' tabllshed •• "Ladles' i, Tailoring". ;» in v Oakland;
good location ; will sell at a bargain. Partic-
ulars at M. , ROTHCHILD'S, 626 Sutter. < S. F.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, • 10c,' 15c and
. 20c. = ¦ Boston Houses 930 Howard ; st. ; ¦ .. .
EXPERIENCED cutter for ladles' shirt waists-
steady work. ' BAUER BROS. _ CO., 21 San-
some st.;'. ¦¦....' : "¦;- ¦-•:¦¦•..• •.'.-, ¦ ...~ ;•¦.-. -. -.' .-.
$150—3 CHAIR barber shop "on Fourth St.- 'good
.': trade, s Box 893, Call offlce: ¦, •
¦WANTED— Popular ] man ' employed In t the me-
chanical department of the Union Iron- Works
I to ' represent • us « during I his I leisure I moments ;
* $100 per , week - for " next «. year i can easily - be
mnde by right party. Address In confidence
box 3908, 5 Call offlce.; ¦--.' '
EXPERD3NCED : young_ man • to drive butcher
"«~«on;.*6 per.week.^Pwle** Mkt, »J9 ( _lrt.
, V- ; HELP i WANTED- MALE. .
BARBER'S good-paying 5-chalr shop; central
location; ' old established place; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st. ' :
COATMAKER wanted.' 24 Hayes etreet.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over S feet
1 inch in height: able to read., write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at -the Marine Recruiting oace, 40 Ellis
St., San Francisco, CaL
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; posttion guaranteed; special
inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics) to . know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 160 large
rooms; S5c per night: $1 to $2. per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half.
price. 562 Mission tt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan, building. -
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St..
• S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, 1 ordinary seamen and green' hands;
all parts world. HERMAN'S, tt Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading- rooms;. free
'bus and baggage to and 'from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A- BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia Et. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to * any address In the
United States or Canada ; one year for : $L
postage paid. »
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY case of Piles. Plies, Piles, Piles; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. CalL
HORSES. LIVB STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. .Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED— An offer on a team weighing 2S00
lbs. 1634 Mission 8t .
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOLSOM. 2328— 2-story bay- window housa; 7
rooms and bath; rent $23. •
_________
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotism in five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
1XVALI1) CHAI1W ASiD TKICVCLES.
SOLD and rented; raanfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricvcle Co.. 2100 Market «t
LOST ASD FOUXD.
LOST— Locket set with diamond, ruby and sap-
.. phire; buckle attached; liberal reward. P. J.
NEUMANN. M. A. Gunst & Co.. cor. Mont-
gomery and Bush st— ¦ -
LOST— At Orpheum, Wednesday matinee, a
handpainted - crystal-knob umbrella, with
name engraved. Finder return to 1306 Post
st. ; liberal reward.
CHRISTMAS morning, gold watch, ribbon
. chain; charm. Return T. J. W. & Co., 733
Market St.; reward.
LOST — Shepherd bitch, gray, white spot on
neck, with tag 8934; Monday evening; suit-
able reward if returned. 422 Valencia st.
LOST— A bunch of keys, near Kearny and Mar-
ket St., on the 22d. Return to box £81, Call
office, and receive reward.
LOST — English setter dog; spotted black and
¦white; reward. 1508 Pine st.
LOST— A small black and tan dog, blue ribbon
on neak; reward. 1723 Clay Et.
LOST — Fox terrier pup: reward by returning.
R. F. CROCKARD, 3243 Twenty-third St.
LOST— Wednesday; lady's silver watch; re-
ward. 841 Harrison st. .. '.
MATRIMONIAL..
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
10c for latest list. MR3. HERTZ. 736 Ellis »t.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Market,
opp. Sth; world-renowned ladles' specialist;
eare. reliable; practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be ued at home; consultation
. free.' After all others tall call on him. '
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market st. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles" physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL. .
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; £5 yrs7
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. .GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at of nee; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market-*Ladles spe^
cialist; safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212 Ellis st. ¦ Pri-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
• teed or money refunded; sanatorium. .
DR. 'WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for !7 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny St.; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' specialist; home
for patients. E04 Eddy st. . . - ....
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Th» Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MIXIXG ASD ASSAYING.
Y_J jUAB LE gold mines and patents for sale.
Parrott building, E5S . Market St., rooms 473-
47g; 10 to 12 a. m., 1 to 3 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SAL.,.
BOILERS. Engines, 2d-hand machinery! Me-
INTOSH & WOLPM AN, 195-197 Fremont str;
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases! counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand; we elw.iys
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S3 complete outfits on one floor, -ready made;
we can ship everything In • 24 hour*. J. ¦
NOON AN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth: "write for catalogue. :..
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 lown and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and pr'.ci.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, - 409 California
Bt. ; rentals, . new machines, $3 per month."
A TYPEWRITER for shorthand work for $S:
cost originally $25. UNCLE HARRIS,' 15
.Grant ave. ' . .
A— BUYS, sells : or • rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. . 216 Spear St.
PHILIPPINE '¦ curios for sale. C., 702% Van
¦ Ness ave. ... : • /¦' *
A ; PURE -white solitaire diamond ;¦ shirt - stud
weighing 1 karat for only $75; is a' bargain at
$125., UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. . '
A 2-STORY cottage at 315 O'Farrell «t. v to b«
removed. .Apply: 15 Grant ave.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S." 220 Fremont St.
GAS engine, one horsepower, $75; can be seen
at work. "Shirt Store. 533 Valencia st. '
2D-H AND ' steam,'.' gas, oil, water and air ma-
¦ chlnery bought and sold. White. SIS Mission.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEI-
,. PER, 206 Clay st... s . ... ....¦¦„¦•. :
PORTABLE engines, - boilers; Iron and wood
planers. - lathes ; 2d-hand. ' J.~ Burke, 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines anil
' boilers bought . and sold. -; KROGH Mfg. " Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic ? Jantern , goods
,i bought, sold. - exchanged. Vi 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON : Fairbanks ' scale . and * fire ¦ and* burglar
- proof; safe, w 216 ..California; at.-:'.
SAFES^-New -and second-hand. THB : HER-
-; MANN ; SAFE ' CO.. 417-423 Sacramento , st.
MAGIC £ lanterns. I new and " 2d-hand:' moving
pictures. .; BDLLARD _ BRECK. 131 Post st.
S AFES— >T ew and second-hand ; " all sizes.' THE
* WA LTZ ; SAFE.'; 109-111 < Market st. . ¦ Ban Fran.
: MISCELLANEOUS % WANTS, v
LADIES' and gents', cast-off clothing bought _
: sold.- Ellverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom U9L,
WANTEp^-Uprtght v piano a for ; c_y r tJ
— "^-^ >
MONEY TO LOAW. ,
AA— BEST rates and easiest term-
Second Mortgages
; .......Interest In Estates ....
' ..Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. '630 MarKet.
A— MONEY to lean at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will Io«e
• their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
• publicity. Rooms 9 and 13. 90S Market et.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my term* before doing business elae-
where. R. McCdLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
! mortgages and securities. Room 18, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN - OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
- liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84« Market
¦t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. - - ¦.
ON furniture, pianos, no removal, or any other
security;. qnick; lowest rate: easy terms; no
brokerage; private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
ket St., room 63. ¦
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estatea; chattel mortgages; notes and coll at -
erala J. BROWXSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc \_
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Rocm 3. Cor.sen ratory bid?., 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 Cal lfornla.
$100,00© TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rat*. Home Bldg. Co., 2— Sansome, rm. 2.
CAEH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
S% en furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81," JiEddyst.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs.: clty.country: «%: raA\-
vlded lnts.: estates. HARPER, 337 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 368 Parrott bnlld-
lngr; men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st, room _
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; con-
fidential; on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL/ 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT clearing up sale": -ilTiSoO styles" 1 —
per cent discount. Net bargains for holidays:
Guild $38
Emerson $<3
Fisher $85
Decker 1135
Stelnway upright, slightly used $135
Chickertng ~ $215
Hallett _ Davis $475
Heine*.'. $435
Rent allowed; Installments, $6 down. $9 per
month up; open evenings. HEINE PIANO
CO.. m Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL Chickertng upright; cost $475.
now $275. . HEINE PIANO CO.. &7 Geary st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be- ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay ft Co.'« with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $S cash and
$6 per month. I We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY _ CO., Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and' Thirteenth st., Oak-
land. .
NOTWITHSTANDING our enormous saJes of
the past few days, we are still able to offer
a few bargains for holiday gifts. Good pianos
as low as $100 and many styles at almost
your own price. Open evenings. MAUVAIS,
7S3 Market st. J
DO not be deceived by alluring promises of any
one to give you something for -nothing, but
come to a reliable firm like ours and pay a
fair price and get a piano that will wear aod
give satisfaction. You never make a mistake
when you buy a Decker & Son, Packard or
Baumeister. See them and b« convinced.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S, 28.
28 and SO O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. N .
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine large one, $l£5; num-
ber on time limited; agency Chickertng. Ma-
son _ Hamlln. Vcse, Sterling, etc BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'FarTell St.; open even-
Ings. '
PIANO, fine upright, must be sold by Friday;
. great sacrifice; J150. 1259 Mission st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co..- Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions: tee our
leader, only $160. BRUENN. 208 Post st
LARGE {-pedal upright piano, used 6 mo. ; leav-
ing city.' 419 Van. Ness ave., nr. McAllister.
THREE-PEDAL upright; nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st. - :':,
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small installments. Hornung, 21S McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con-
over _ others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. *14 Post.
AT KEEFFE*S, 933 Market at., 4 eleeant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock ¦ in city; new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT -CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold : nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street!
MEMBER PRODUCERS' .OIL EXCHANGE.
• Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LAKDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lanas— Proven territory in
the well-known tract^f "Grace Oil Ox" for
sale; also other oil I ana for sale or lease; mast
g wonderful oil field known; over 630 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
' have been In field from start: will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEVVTON,
CARMAN _ SOMES, 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
Francisco; 415 Douglas Block, Loa Angeles;
. Southern Hotel. Bakerefield. J
1500 ACRES oil land, strictly in oil belt, $S to
$600 per acre. WILLIAM C. HAMILTON,
Flood building, room 9. ¦
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. Bcientlfio palmist. 511
Taylor «t.. b»t. Geary and Po»t: tel. Bla.'k sri.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless ' saccasat—L
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Ezamlotr big.
PERSONALS.
OWE!N McCABE, importer, dealer in feathers;
- hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and purified ; all feathers
sold warranted well . dressed with my patent
steam renovator. 870 Mission,' tel.' Jessie 1111
ELDERLY gentleman wishes acquaintance of
lady; mustjhave interview; no correspondence
wanted; oBject, matrimony. Box 883. Call.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, , silk portieres; dealer In
carpet Jj\ at> i; JS-J^S*—? 1 " chsdn ' - l lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWB, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
PRIVATE ¦ detective, work; reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J.'B. RAY. 857 Jeasle st
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORSTW Montgomery st!
A-$3 OVDERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. teL South 79t
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and balr cleansed: fine uphol-
stery; goeds carefully packed for shipment or
--storage. HOPKE BROS.. 3^ and 320 Uth s_
PICTURES and picture frames of all de^cria-
, ttons mada.to order; portraits enlarged^^
5&*&£ n^ Of framln B- California Frime Co.*
905 Howard; opep evenings; tel.. Howard 1073.
ELECTRIC light In , every I room— Winch* *t*r
H0te , 1 ' H -V 11 ** ! V nea^ Market? -WO ?rotm£
25c to $1 50. per night; U BO to $6 per week :
free 'bus and baggage to and from the, feS:
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle-
«fWe ijH« facial treatment for wrinkles-'
all branches .taught. Miss Eaton. UiaSutteJ:
HAIR positively grown, on bald heads bv nur»i»
as_Tg&a_- £!£?!?
•»_ — ; — _______> ¦ . '•^—^^
PERSONALS.
WHITB enamel Iron peds^»lngl» thr» »-— artw
or • double *2 23. EASTERN OtrTFITTIKO
CO., 1S10-U13 Stockton st. near Broad-ay.
DR. LAMOTTETS French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25o; all drugglsta.
BTJITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
tog Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and predoas stones
bought. J. R. JENKEU >17 Market at.
PHYSICI— NS A.\ D SURGKOXS.
DR. C C 0*DONI~__--Ofnce and residence.
1031H Market st.. between Sixth and S«~«nt_.
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical
operation. DR. J. H. REEVE. ZP^ Kearny.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR. SALES.
REAL ESTATE BAROAINa
A. M. SPECK _ CO
HARD TO BEAT HARD TO BSA_
PRICES WILL SURELY -_.VAXC_:
$1100. i - l -^"»-
Cory cottaga (Mission), lot 27x100 feet
$2100— REDUCED FROM |_eo.'
Four flats; rants |39. ' . f
Four flats; rents $43; downtown.
Thre» choice flats, near Post and Taylor its.!
pays 10 per cent; 27 feet front: offer wanted.
$7500.
Flats: brand new; east of Van Ness ay«ti
rents, $T_
$0500— REDUCED FROM $18,0001
Market street corner store and Cat.
$1400.
Grand 14-room residence- on Jackson street.
$13.730— REDUCED FROM $13,500.
Business property; same tenants for years;
store and rooming-house.
|16,O0O.
Grand corner. Leaven worth street: «0 feet
front; all rented for $123: mortgage $3C0O; caa
remain at • per cent.
$75,0CO— REDUCED FROM $SXe<».
Choice- corner lot. 75-foot front: wltMa half
a block of Market St.; with old improv-menta;
rents about $400; the only corner that can b«
$60.00*.
Grand investment; 1GO foot front on El'.is stj
with improvements: nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about 150CO; terms, hali cash.
$$500.
Rents $100; 100 feet front; near Taylor st.; no,
chance Ilk. It.
Corner; 60 feet front; vicinity Butter St.; east
of Hyde; grand hotel, offlc. or roo_i:s«-hc_a
site; rents 1107. .„ „«
$20,000.
Sutter-st corner; 87:fcsS7:«: elegant _nprov».
ments; rent* $1SOO per annum.
$ico,ooa
Market st.. near Call.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 867 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
CAN YOU SPARE Si OR 110 A MONTH? '
BEL— CT A GOOD LOT FROM US AT A
BARGAIN".
$500 to $900— Incomparable Sunset lots; gTadsd.
$600 to $S50— Choicest Richmond lot*; $U
monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots: St month!?.
$100 to (ISO— Level lots near Mission electria
cars; $S monthly.
$500 to $1000— Splendid cottages near cars; _v»
stallments Ilka rent.
Branch oC Ice. Ninth ave., near H «. Opea
every day and Sunday.
SOL QETZ — BROTHER.
ROOM M. CHRONICLE BU__INO.
REAL ESTATE OOISTKV For Sale
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 2000 ranch-
es on my sale and exchange* list — more thaa
all other agents In city; stats what's wanted.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. « Geary st.
CIRCULARS f re.. M. GRIFFIN, H3 Market gt."
sells and exchanges city and country property.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
O?a— of the moat elegant homes) In th« city cf
Alameda at a sacrifice.
One excellent house, 3 rooms, servant's room
and bath. In the best part of Alameda. will b*
sold at a great bargain. LEONARD * LEOX-
ARD. !05 Montgomery St.. Saa Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$130 CASH. $7 monthly: 4-roczn cottage; good
well of water, small barn, chicken shed and
run; I fine lots, 73x100; picket fenced; excellent
soil; charming view; best climate; near two
electric car lines; 90- foot boulevard and modal
schoolhouse, away from cold 'Winds and fog;
90 families have located hers ¦within 3 years;
price, all told, $S50; call or send for circular,
455 7th st., Broadway Station. Oakland. H. Z.
JONES, ew ner.
IS 59— A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath; must
ba sold: 39th st.. near Telegraph ave.: 25x100.
A. J. SNTDER _ CO., Real Estate. 487 Ninth
st.. Oakland. CaL
$750— 4 ROOMS: 33x100; must be sold. A. J.
SNTDER & CO.. 4S7 Ninth St.. .Oakland.
OAKLAND — 1 7RNTT0RB FOR SALES.
AN Introduction to you from H. BcheUhaaa. th*
furniture dealer. 11th and F*rankiln. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHASGB.
NEW "ottac* 6 rms.. bath: lot EOxlOO: Mission}
rental term*: sn«f Tnran? )<\t« 41J K>n-n» «t-
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 622— Cunay raits; I
rooms; clean; gas stove; running watar, eto.
MINNA, 454 — S sunny back rooms; fumlshad torn
housekeeping; separate entrance^
OAK, 119—2 sunny front rooms; fai_i_*d tot
heavy housekeeping; storage: $12.
SECOND. M2— Newly furnished; reasonable and
respectable; very convenient and qul«C
STOCKTON. 1307— Furnished rooms for hous»-
keeplng: rent cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. mad Unf am.
AHLBORN HOTEL. S21 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; pollts attend*
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms SOc up; first-class meals Z3c: free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms 2So
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and light
housekeeping ; open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364>— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. E20 <The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms.; day, 2Sc up; wk., $1 SO up. Mrs. P. Rartft.
CLEMENTINA. 231, off Fourth— Furniihad
front rooms; cheap; private family.
GBAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and • Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GEARY. 40$(The Navarre)— Elegantly farniihei
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
LAS PALMAS, 1320 Market St.— Suite of » or J
rms.; private: bath: sin. rms. ; board optional.
LEWIS place; 18— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; siggl* or en suite.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st— N!e»ty
furnished rooms. $3 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sonny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
POLK. 717. near Eddy— t furnished rooms fo»
light housekeeping; use of bath.
ROYAL House. 1M Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 3Se to C SO: week, p to
$8; month. $3 to $30: elevator on rround Coor;
rooms with hot and cold water: oaths.
ROSEDALE House. K.9 and «1 KJI!» St.— Rooms.
night. Cc to $1; week. $1 25 to U: QP»n night.
8HERMAN Apartment House. M Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STXTH. U9A— Front rooms, double and single;
gas; running water: flreplarc 9 -
tJCTTER. rO^i-Changed hands: ne-ntynno-
vated; single rooms. 1$: suites. $_ to $25 mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlrocre st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at low
Valencia st. : - _
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the eld Stevenson mansion, opp. Graca
ChurchV with annex 807 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table. ».t-
tractive and yichtly room!* at mortg^t rates.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTHD--By E-ttsrn lady, soon* J» t B?_TUfTHURSDAT. DECEMBER 17.
Sun rises.... . ... .^.......^.....^..^.^.... ,.^^,'Zi
Sun sets .....-^^.... — 4:13
Moon sets ~....li:a p. m.
The eeaaon' of navigation, : which has
Just closed, has been the most profitable
in the history T of the Great Lakes. •
Both men live at 17 Vallejo street. Jack
eon is the son of the proprietor: of .the
place and Murphy is-a permanent board
er.- "All - hands" were ; hilarious Tuesday
night ' and *, during ' a "scrap" -Jackson' and
Murphy got Into a mix-up and fell down
stairs. - "When : It was ; all - over :, both - men
had to be taken to the hospital. . Both sre
under arrest and a policeman stands
guard over, them day, and night. As soon
as they can be'moved they will be charged
at the police station. :,-!'«
Alexander Jacksonand Michael Murphy,
welf-known characters on the water front,
will not forget their Christmas celebra
tion'In a" hurry. Both are In the- Harbor
Hospital, ° Jackson with a ! badly ; slashed
hand and a broken leg, and Murphy with
a knife wound over the heart. . /
Too Much Christmas.
C W Ssarl, City
M Barber & wife. Co
lumbus. O
J W Goostree, Denver
E H Ellis and wife.
Pasadena
W Chinn. USN
A A Diggea. Hf Mn By
W H Spengeman. St
Louis '. * ¦
Jas Driscoll and wife,
Helena. Mont
Wm Harris, Greenca*-*
tie. Ind , *¦*¦':
John Riley, do
H E Bennett and wife.
Jame&town. Va
Harvey Rollins, Rol
lins, Wyo -
Thos Gregory, • Thorn
ton.'Ind '-"*¦ %;<•-,-•:
W Drake, USN
E G Lund. USN
NEW WESTERN.
P H Hopler, Plain
field. N J
Ml 68 A Bush. Eureka;
Nev
W Jackson. Oakland ¦
S C Snyder. USA
C R Smith. U 8 A -'
J W Wilson, N Y City
Wm Fraser, Sacto
T Taylor, Boston
J McLadd. Phila
Robt G Palmer. Aber
deen,-Wash %
Phil Duffy and wife.
Aberdeen, Wash
C W Moore, Amhurst
W C Knight. Laramie;
Wyo
M H Thompson. Pen-,
dleton. Ore '
Nelson Watklns, Ches
terment
W S Fleming ft wife,
Chicago .
C F Smith. Mayfleld
G P Akerly, Vacavillo
A C White, Stockton
MV E Moldrup, Alamed
F Steele. Boston
W F. Pfouts, Stanford
W J Haas, Sacto
C A Shattuck, Fresno
K B Roat, Los Ang
F Fornoff, New Mer
B R Beckon. El Paso
Mrs C M Rand. Cal
R M McLeod, Ptland
J N* Gregg. R Bluff
J W Raymond, Oaklnd
G O Ferguson & w,
Washington --'i"
G A Peel, Portland
E B Hyde, Spokane
W H Nlchpls & w, Cal
Mies M Nichols, Cal
E D Starbuck, Stanfd
M T Hancock & w, Cal
P Sweet, Petaluma
C H Meeker, Pac Grve
P H Gavin. Newark
J A Williams, L Ang
T S Brown & w, Stktn
G L McCandless, Sacto
J W Oatman, Sacto
J R Jones, Vacaville
H J Baldwin, S Diego
R T Heath, Bkrsfleld
L E C Jordan, Sacto
Miss Vostroski, *Cal ,¦
G W Bushnell. NY
Mrs W F King, S Jose
A J Bristol, Cal
F Nemey, Los Ang
D Falconer. Colfax
R Fryer. Orovllle
J W Dunlap, Cal
E Berwick, Monterey
O C Mackle, Dundee
WM Scott & w, Fresn
A J Nichols, Sacto
J J Rippetoe. Vallejo
J 'F Smith & w, Napa.
S S Laughlln & w,
Massachusetts •
H C Oxner. Sacto
H R B Tuomey, Cal
Miss C Cooper, Cal
Mrs M Ruddick,' Cal
R B Butler, Fresno .
D F Powell. Portland
C M Helntz, Los Ang
S F Knnls, Sacto
G K Burton, Cal
V A McOeorge, Cal
H F' Higginbothain,
Cal
J S Ritchie, N Y
V W Miller, Cal
Mrs M Ritter. Cal
M!rs L II Lendall, Cal
PALACE HOTEL
R E Jack, San Luis
W W Burnett. Cal
J H Hobbs, Napa
A Lee, Napa
W M Grahamsky, Po
land
R V Ellis, Hanford
J A Murphy. Chgo
T J Kirk. Sacto
D S Cone, Red Bluff
C F Thwing, Clevelnd
J Stelnheiser, Ptland
H W Brown. Fresno
H M Andrews, Chgo
E W Penneld, N Y
A C Bingham, Cal
E H "Winship, Napa
R Benjamin. Napa
J E Levi, N Y
G- Goldsmith, Los Ang
T H Low, Colo Spgs
Mrs T H Low, Colo
A C Ransom, Cindnti
Miss I Frazer. Ohio
W F Bennett. NY
Mrs E D Cummlngs,
N Y
R H Moore. Salinas
Mrs R H Moore. Cal
F B Ellsworth, Wls-
J E Beed. Oakland
J S Maxwell, Cal
D L Weaver, Spokane
H L Balch, -Mlnnepltu
Mrs S K Mlchler. Oak j
J R Gleeson, Stockton
A O Kavanaugh. USN
D Melone, Oak Knoll
Mrs F E McCullagh,
Los Gatos /
H P Williams, St Loul
Mrs H P Williams, Mo
W Lawrence, Denver
J E Terry. Bacto
Mrs J E Terry, Sacto
J A Migel, N Y < .
E>r Rulison, Reno •»
Dr 8 Pennlger. Reno
H B Wood, S Jose
Mrs H B Wood, S Jose
A E Phillips, NY
J E Coffin, Cal
E D Cummlngs, N T
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
-¦.if. l SAII^ED. ,
•"-, - .. ' «-t- Wednesday,- December 28.
Btmr Queen, Thomas,- Saa Diego.
Stmr Gipsy, LHand, Fan ta Cruz, •
Etmr Luella, ; Madsen, * Caspar. - . : -.' iV ¦'¦ '
;_;>.' Wednesday. December J«. *
Stmr Sonoma,. Merriam, 38 ' days 9 hours from
Philadelphia. . V - •.-¦¦.- -;:--
Stmr Ban Jose. Cattarimch. 7 days 8 hours
from Acapulco. ¦- - „.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. «J hours from Coos
Bay.-: ¦¦¦ -¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦- • " ; ¦ ¦ • . ¦ ¦.¦•¦¦.
• Stmr Cressnt City, Btockfletb, 88 hours from
Crescent City. ~ '
- Etmr Graoe Dollar, Foeen, SO - hours from
Grays Harbor. .'-.-,- >.-"---.^. ¦¦.•-¦¦ ¦ '¦¦:-¦ \
Stmr Empire, \ Macgenn. 84 hours from Coos
Bay. ' '" ' v :r %^45»««Ba»T*SB«g
Stmr ' Hyadea, " ; Garlleh, • It days from New
York; left St Luca Oct J3: left Coronel Deo 8.
• " Btmr G W Elder, _¦ Randall.: 60 hours ¦ from
Portland, vla v Astoria 49 hours. . . .
: Btmr Rainier, : Hansen, 9. days from New
Whatcom. via Neah Bay 4 days 20 hours,' with
stmr Gen Frlsbie in' tow. : ; .
Stmr : Gen Brisble, Angel, ¦ 9 days from New
Whatcom. via Neah Bay 4 days 20 hours.
Btmr Santa Barbara, jahnsen, 41 hours from
San Pedro. • " ¦.>¦¦".•".. ¦ • ''-¦.¦¦--'.¦¦¦
US stmr Gedney, - Dickens, 4H day* from
Port Anceles."' - .;. v *
: Nor stmr : Tellns,-.. Pedersan, 3H ' days ¦ from
ComoX. •¦ -v' -¦::.- • -¦¦-". ; /¦¦ - : - : :¦'< • ¦-':-¦. _,¦ ¦ -; - ,'¦ }
Br ship Cromartyshire, Reid,' 18 days from As
toria;.bound to United- Kingdom; put in in dis
tress.": :" .•--¦--¦ .:¦¦.¦ ¦ ¦ '¦•>--; ¦ -
Bktn Beniols. Bowes. 16 days from Port L.ud
low. •• r>\ ' ¦¦ , ¦¦ - '¦'¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦- : ¦ ¦;'¦¦:: v . -
r Schr Archie and Fontie, 48 hours . from Iver
sens-Landine.- •¦ . , i , ¦"
> Schr , Repeat, . Olsen. , W days from* Wlllaria.
Harbor.--'-,' ¦ -,.-¦> -¦ - -• *-¦•- --"¦•¦ ¦ -• " '•: ¦-•• :¦¦¦
-'-• Schr ' • J --• Dpplnger, x Jensen, . 48 hours ' from
Bowens Lending.- - --. , ¦ ., . .
Schr North Bend,' Jackson, IS days from WU
lapa"Harbor. • ¦ _¦ ¦ ¦ . - - .
V CLEARED.'. ~.~
Wednesday, December 28.
Btmrr Zealandla, Dowdell. Honolulu; , J ¦ D
Spreckels&-Bro« Co. -,-,,(••
•- Stmr South -Portland- HalL Portland: G«oD
Gray & . Co. - ¦ . ¦ ', ¦ ¦¦• - . .-•-.•".
= stmr -Victoria, - Blakey, Chemainus; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co. : • • ... ;
;.-. Bark'J'D Peters;. Townsend. Cbmox; R Duns
mulr's Sons Co. ¦¦ "y9*^P^***VBSBSSBSKBBBSaBtS
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Americana will .load lumber at Port
Gamble ¦ for Sydney. C2s «d: the Ben L«e« (on
Puget Sound), ' wheat at ! Portland for Europe,
SSs, option of Tacoma, 87s ed] prior to arrival :
the County of Roxburgh, wheat at Portland for
Europe. 42s «d. prior to arrival; the Coloma,
lumber at Eureka for Salinas Cruz: the Scot
tish Isles. : wheat at . Portland for Europe, 41s
9d, prior to arrival: the British steamer Saint
Bede, lumber at" Portland for Guayaquil, " prior
to arrival. .
Charters.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landia got away for Honolulu yesterday.
Among those who went away on her was
Dr. I* E. Cofer and family. Dr. Cof er
has been for the last, five years United
States Quarantine Officer at Los Angeles,
but has been transferred to Honolulu by
Uncle. Bam. The full cabin list on the
Zealandla was as follows:
Lk-Bearwald. H. "W. Bloom, C. J. Campbell.
Dr. L. E. Cofer and wife. Miss H.- Cofer, N.
B. Cramer, Miss Dowsett, W. A. Drlscoll. P.
K. Enebo, H. T. Gilbert. J. E. Holland. Mrs.
Grace Hudson. H. T. James, F. M. Kin?, Miss
K. Kramer, H. T. Marsh. Mrs. It. Mason, Miss
E. Mays. H. F. Mocine, George Pearce, Mrs.
J. H. Raymond and child. Miss Ivy Jtlchaxd
sorv I. Rubensteln, Miss t*. D. Smith, r>. C.
Williams, Miss G. Dowsett.
In the steerage of the Zealandla there
was supposed to be twenty-five negrow
who were grodng: to Honolulu to work on
the plantations. They came from Nash
ville, Tenn., and were. In charge of R. O.
Bean, traveling agent of the Southern
Pacific. For a minute Mr. Bean released
his vigilance and in tha* minute two of
the negroes slipped ; dowH tho freight
gangway and made their escape. Tney
are shoeless and hatless and have .not a
cent, but are husky fellows and can be
depended upon to make a living.
Zealandia Off for Honolulu.
Are Heard From.
, The San Francisco owned ship Chal
lenger was reported "on change" yester
day afternoon 5 as making for the Columbia
River. She was on her way from Oyster
Harbor for Kahului, H. I., with a load
of coal when the gale came up. Just
what happened to her cannot be learned,
but the chances are that * her seaina
opened and she began to leak. In that
event the cargo will have to be discharged
and the ship recalked.
Late yesterday the ship Isaac Reed and
the bark Fresno were both sighted - off
Point Reyes. Each of them is now twen
ty-seven days out from the Bound and
they must have had a hard time of it.
The Coast Survey steamer Gedney ar
rived from Port Angeles yesterday. It
took her ten days to make the run, and
the members of the crew are not anxious
to repeat the experience. For throe days
the little vessel was hove-to and no ; one
that ' has never been aboard her can tell
how the: Gedney can roll. It is always
a case of pitch and toss with "tails up"
nine times out of ten- However, the Ged
ney came In "heads up" yesterday,
•whereat all hands and the cook . are de
voutly thankful.
More Ships of the Storm-Tossed Fleet
STTBTER FROM THE GALE.
"We sailed from Astoria, December 8.
Had the' wind light and line from the
northward. On December 11 It - started
to blow from the southward and continued
to I>ecember 15, i when it came away j to
blow' very hard with high confused sea
running. At 8 a. m. a terrific sea struck
the ship, throwing her over on her beam
ends. Starboard Bide was completely un
der water and. gradually settling: over.
We had only a lower, main topsail set,
the sheets or which we let go to try to
right the vessel, but she came up so slow
ly we cut and cleared away the lee braces
and tot the yards squared in, but still
the ship had about 40 degTeea list, and
being full of barley I decided to Jettison
the cargo to get her up right.
"We Jettisoned In all about 3000 bags of
barley. Our starboard bulwark stanch
ions between the fore and .rnain . rigrging
are completely broken away from the bul
warks. We got the bulwarks lashed up
with wire and secured them the best way
possible. All this time the crew were
working: up to the neck in water, one gale
after the other as fast aa it could ' blow
up till December 19, when it wound up
with a perfect hurricane from south
southeast with a high confused sea. We
used oil with great effect.
"The sea was almost overwhelming at
times and I attribute the safety of the
ship to the oil. We rode the hurricane
out under a storm spanker. When the
gale moderated and we saw the condition
of our ship, the starboard stanchions all
gone, the pump well casing: all stove in
and the main well full of grain and the
cargo shifting,' after a. consultation with
my officers and crew I decided to make
for San . Francisco to have repairs made
and the cargo restowed."
NU^IEROUS reports have reached
I this city of damages sustained by
vessels of tho coasting fleet and
also among I the wheat and lum
ber vessels that were off shore
when the . big southwester of two -weeks
ago cam© up. Many vessels are v overdue
and almost every day a storm-tossed
craft comes into port.
The latest victim of the elements Is the
British ship Cromartyshlre, which was
towed in through, the Golden Gate yes
terday. She sailed from Portland for Ire
land on December 9. She has aboard 10,669
centals of wheat valued at 99780 and 42,000
centalsof barley valued at $33,841. The
barley was light and . the wheat not
enough to ballast the ship. , In conse
quence the captain found . he could, not
carry sail. During: the southwester the
Cromarty shire had - to run under bare
poles, and even then the crew say they
were lucky to escape. - .
The Cromartyshire is a vessel with a
history. She , is the Bhlp that ran down
or was run Into by the French liner La
Bourgogno In the Atlantic about three
years ago. On that occasion there was
a terrible loss of life and the Cromarty
shire .was only saved by her bulkheads
and water-tight compartments. She
reached port In a crippled condition with,
many of La Bourgogne's passengers
and crew aboard and was later repaired
and put in commission. This is her sec
ond voyage since the disaster and she
is once more in trouble. The . cargo will
b© mere evenly distributed and tho Cro
martyshlra will again sail "for Cork for
orders," -
Captain Reed's report of the Cromarty
shire' s hard time is as follows: '
One of the Many Vessels Caught in the South
More of the Fleet Have Been HeardlFrorri;
.. Stmr Navarro, Peterson, Bowena Landing.
Stmr National City/ Dettmers, .
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, Honolulu.
Br ship Cortez, Hawken, Queenstown.
. BariCJ, D Peters. Tbwnsend, Puget Sound. '
Schr G W Watson. Lass. Santa Rosalia. : *
, •.¦>: SPOKEN.
Oct 81 at "46 Bl 8, Ion 61 &7 W— Ger ship Ari
adne, from Shields, for Santa Rosalia.
' i •'.¦; MISCELLANEOUS.
• HONGKONG. Nov 23— Br ship Si»rra Cordo
va, bound. to Royal Roads, put back with loss
of sails and 'captain sick. ;. r ¦
¦ PORT TOWNSEiND. Dec 28— Br ship Falk
land reports sighting vessel Dec 19 partly dis
masted, flying signals J S K D. about ISO miles
SW, appearing to-be heading for Columbia
NEW FERR.T STEAMER GENERAL FRISBIE IN TOW OF THE RAI
NIER. THD GENERAL FRISBIE IS TO RUN IN OPPOSITION TO
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC TO VALLEJO.
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tlda Is the Bame at both places.
TO SAIL.
NOTE— In th* above, exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and tho successive tide* of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometime* occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the. soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number" given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements,
TO ARRIVE.
River. Signals correspond to ship Challenger,
from Oyster Harbor, for Kahului. 29 days out.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 28. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind NE. velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Deo 26-Stmr Homer,
from Eureka. ~ . ' ...
SEATTLE — Sailed Deo 14-Stmr "Coqulll©
River, for Grays- Harbor.
PORT TOWNSBND- Passed Inward Deo 2*-'-
Schr Laura Madeen. from Ban Pedro.
Arrived Dec 26— 6hlp Columbia, from Ka
hulul; brig Mermaid, from .
- PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 25-Ship Star of
France, for Algoa Bay.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Deo 25— Schr Stlmson,
ABERDEEN— Sailed Deo 25— Stmr W H Kru
ger. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrlved Deo 29— Stmr
Alcatraz.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Deo 28— Etmr Czar.
from Seattle, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived -Deo 26— Stmr Alliance,
hence Deo 24; Bchr Mary Buhne. hence Dec 12.
Bailed Deo 26— Stmrs Del Norte and Pomona,
for San Francisco. , : —
ASTORIAr-Arrived - Deo . 26— Stmr Columbia,
BOW-ENS LANDING— Sailed Deo »4— Schr
Rio Rey. for Sian Francisco. .
Arrived Deo 26— Schr Bender Broa henc» De
cember 24.
FISHBRMANS BAY— Sailed Deo 25— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco. ' .
TACOMA— Arrived Deo 26— Bark Tidal Wave.
from San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Deo 26— Stmr Homer,
from Eureka.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Deo 28— 8cbr S«-
home, hence Deo 10. •
POINT REYES— Passed Dec 26. at 8:80 p m—
Bark Freenc* from Port Gamble-, for San Fran
cisco. 3:50 p m— Ship Isaac Reed, from Seattle,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 26— Stmr Homer, for
Trinidad: H M S Pheasant.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 2*-6tmr Alll
anca, from Colon; ship Wm J Rotch, from Bos
' FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Arrived Dec 24— Br stmr Robert
Adamson, henc« Deo 21. to sail Deo 28 for San
Francisco.
SAN BLAB— Arrived Deo 23— Bchr Herman,
henca Deo 3. \
HAIPHONG— SaileO. Nor n— Schr B K Wood,
for Port Townsend. . .
MANZANILLO — Sailed Deo 25— Mex stmr
Mexico, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec 26— Ship Wm H Smith,
from Moodyville/.
TALTAL— In port Nor 9— Br ship Scottish
Sun, Hoon and Tide.
Hllls, for Portland.
SANTA, ROSALIA— Sailed Nor 12— Br ship
Andrada, for Orezon. - -
CALLAO— Arrived Nor 11— Br stmr Condor,
hence Oct 23, and Bailed for Mollendo.
ILOILO— Arrived Oct 28— Br stmr Westmin
ster, from Manila.' - ¦
LrVERPOOiLr— Arrived Deo 23— Br ship Mare
chal Suchet, hence June 30. ¦ ¦¦
Sailed Deo 23— Br ship Primrose- Hill, for Vlo
toria- ¦¦'-'-". \'
ANTWERP— In port Deo 12— Br ship British
General, ¦ for San Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed Oct 2!>— Br stirvr AJroa. for
San Francisco.
OCHAN 8TBAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Dec 2*— Stmr Ancaoria,
from Glasgow.
Sailed , Dec S6— Stmr Bulgaria. - for Hamburg-;
stmr St, Louis, for Southampton: stmr Vader
land.lfor Antwerj*. . '
LIVERPOOL—A rrlved Deo 2S— Stmr Majei
tlc, from : New York; ¦ stmr Pennland, from
Philadelphia. - /_- _^
Sailed Deo ' 25 — Stmr Cymrto. for New York.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Deo 26 — Stmr Graf
Waldersee. from New York, for Hamburg:, and
proceeded. • ¦ - • • ¦ ¦ •• -
GLASGOW— Arrived Deo 2S— Stmr Gorrean.
from Philadelphia,' via St Johns, N F. ¦
- HAMBURG — Sailed Deo 22— Stmr Ca» Frlo,
for New York. ¦
United / Btates Coast and . Geodetic Survey*—
'-.' Times and "-Heights of High and Low
'¦' Waters at ? Fort Point, entrance to San
; Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority'of the , Superintendent. ..' -' :
NOTE— The 'high and low ' waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty-
: '¦ 7. T. B-ullen, th» author of sea, tales,
ran away* from home and .vent to sea as
a cabin boy at 13. Hq remained * sailor
until Kipling: saw a tale ne nad written
and - advised him .to ko at once Into lit
.parture. _
STOR M TOSSED CROMARTYSHIRE
MAKES PORT IN DISTRESS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAT.L,, THURSDAY, DECEMBER ;27, 1900.
11
0 prime Time Time Time
£ Ft. , Ft. Ft. Ft.
£ H W Z. W H W I, W
W ... 3:4S 6.4 »:40~Tl 1:80 ~~4JB 1:28 To
23... 4:30 6.5 10:43 1.6 4:61 4.1 10:22 1.6
29 ... 8:1S 5.7 11:55 1.0 6:13 ».9 11:13 3.1
80 6:03 6.9 1:02 0.4 7:« S.8
L W HW LW HW
31 ... 0:19 2.4 6:54 6.1 2:04 —0.2 8:54 4.0
1 ... 1:25 J.7 7:31 «.8 3:57-0.5 10:00 4.4
2 ... 2:20 2.8 8:41 8.4 8:43-0.9 10:31 4.6
Steamer.
Due.
Point Arer.a....
Santa Rosa ....
Czarina
Pomona ........
Kewburff .......
Walla Walla...
Samoa ....-_...
North Fork ....
Mexico I
Curacao ...... j.
W. ' H. Kruger.
Queen
Bonlta
Willamette ....
Eureka - ........
Columbia
Peru ... .........
Australia
Bobt. Adamson
Progr«so ..'
City of Peking
Arcata .........
Corona .........
TJmatilla
Crescent City..
Point Arena... ...........
San Diego MM
Seattle and Tacoma
Hutnboldt - r> ¦¦«¦¦- t--» ¦¦¦- -
Grays Hacbor.......
Victoria 4; Fuget Sound
Humboldt hl-1
Humboldt _....
Mexican Ports
Mexican Ports.... .......
Oraya Harbor ...•«•.•...
San Diego
Newport
Seattle ....~.~.. ._..«..
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria....
Panama and Way Ports
Tahiti !
Nanaimo. ........ ...._..
Seattle __
China and Japaa........
Coo« Bty.......-....^..
Newport
Victoria & Puget Sound
Crescent City............
D«c. 27
Dec. Zl
Dea Tl
Dea 27
Dec 23
Dea. 23
Deo. 23
Deo. 29
Dec. 23
Deo. 29
Deo. 23
Deo. 39
Deo. 30
Dec. JO
Dea 20
Dea. n
Deo. 31
Deo. SI
Deo. 31
Deo. 31
Jan. 1
Jan. 1
Jan. i
Jan. 2
Jan. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Empire Coos Bay..... Deo. V, 9 pm Pier 1}
Arcata Coos Bay..... Deo. 17. 13 m Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt ... Dec 27. 9 am Pier 13
S. Barbara. Humboldt ... Dec. 27. 10 am Pier 2
Santa Ana... Humboldt .... Deo. 27, 13 m Pier 2
State of Cal Vie & Pgt Sd Dec. 27. 11 am Pier 9
Rainier Seat & N. W Dec 23, 5 pm Pier 3
Colon Pan. & Way. Dec 28, 13 m PMSS
Corona Newport .... Dec 28, Jam Pier 11
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.". Dec 39, 2 pm Pier 3
Amer. Maru China- & Jap. Dec 29, 1 pm PMSS /
Pomona Huraboldt .... D*o. 23, 2 pm Plsr 9
O. Elder.... Ast'la A Ptld Dec. 23, 11 am Pier 24
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Dec 29, 5 pm Pier I
Mandalay... Coquille Iltv.. Dec 29. 10 am Pier 3
Czarina....! Seat. & Tacra Dec 30. 6 pm Pier 8
fianta Rosa. San Diego.... Dec 30, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa ¦ Humboldt .... Dec 31, 10 am Pier 2
O. Dollar... Gray* Harbor Deo. 0, „.... Pier 1
"Walla Wall. Vlo A Pgt Sd Jan. 1. 11 am Pier »
North Fork. Humboldt — Jan. V • am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport ..... Jan. V tarn Pier 11
Alameda Sydny AWay Jan. S, • pm Pier f
Queen San Diego.... Jan. 8. 9 am Pier U
Steamer.
Due.
Point Arer.a....
Santa Rosa ....
Czarina
Pomona ........
Kewburff .......
Walla Walla...
Samoa ....-_...
North Fork ....
Mexico I
Curacao ...... j.
W. ' H. Kruger.
Queen
Bonlta
Willamette ....
Eureka - ........
Columbia
Peru ... .........
Australia
Bobt. Adamson
Progr«so ..'
City of Peking
Arcata .........
Corona .........
TJmatilla
Crescent City..
Point Arena... ...........
San Diego MM
Seattle and Tacoma
Hutnboldt - r> ¦¦«¦¦- t--» ¦¦¦- -
Grays Hacbor.......
Victoria 4; Fuget Sound
Humboldt hl-1
Humboldt _....
Mexican Ports
Mexican Ports.... .......
Oraya Harbor ...•«•.•...
San Diego
Newport
Seattle ....~.~.. ._..«..
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria....
Panama and Way Ports
Tahiti !
Nanaimo. ........ ...._..
Seattle __
China and Japaa........
Coo« Bty.......-....^..
Newport
Victoria & Puget Sound
Crescent City............
D«c. 27
Dec. Zl
Dea Tl
Dea 27
Dec 23
Dea. 23
Deo. 23
Deo. 29
Dec. 23
Deo. 29
Deo. 23
Deo. 39
Deo. 30
Dec. JO
Dea 20
Dea. n
Deo. 31
Deo. SI
Deo. 31
Deo. 31
Jan. 1
Jan. 1
Jan. i
Jan. 2
Jan. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Empire Coos Bay..... Deo. V, 9 pm Pier 1}
Arcata Coos Bay..... Deo. 17. 13 m Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt ... Dec 27. 9 am Pier 13
S. Barbara. Humboldt ... Dec. 27. 10 am Pier 2
Santa Ana... Humboldt .... Deo. 27, 13 m Pier 2
State of Cal Vie & Pgt Sd Dec. 27. 11 am Pier 9
Rainier Seat & N. W Dec 23, 5 pm Pier 3
Colon Pan. & Way. Dec 28, 13 m PMSS
Corona Newport .... Dec 28, Jam Pier 11
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.". Dec 39, 2 pm Pier 3
Amer. Maru China- & Jap. Dec 29, 1 pm PMSS /
Pomona Huraboldt .... D*o. 23, 2 pm Plsr 9
O. Elder.... Ast'la A Ptld Dec. 23, 11 am Pier 24
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Dec 29, 5 pm Pier I
Mandalay... Coquille Iltv.. Dec 29. 10 am Pier 3
Czarina....! Seat. & Tacra Dec 30. 6 pm Pier 8
fianta Rosa. San Diego.... Dec 30, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa ¦ Humboldt .... Dec 31, 10 am Pier 2
O. Dollar... Gray* Harbor Deo. 0, „.... Pier 1
"Walla Wall. Vlo A Pgt Sd Jan. 1. 11 am Pier »
North Fork. Humboldt — Jan. V • am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport ..... Jan. V tarn Pier 11
Alameda Sydny AWay Jan. S, • pm Pier f
Queen San Diego.... Jan. 8. 9 am Pier U
0 prime Time Time Time
£ Ft. , Ft. Ft. Ft.
£ H W Z. W H W I, W
W ... 3:4S 6.4 »:40~Tl 1:80 ~~4JB 1:28 To
23... 4:30 6.5 10:43 1.6 4:61 4.1 10:22 1.6
29 ... 8:1S 5.7 11:55 1.0 6:13 ».9 11:13 3.1
80 6:03 6.9 1:02 0.4 7:« S.8
L W HW LW HW
31 ... 0:19 2.4 6:54 6.1 2:04 —0.2 8:54 4.0
1 ... 1:25 J.7 7:31 «.8 3:57-0.5 10:00 4.4
2 ... 2:20 2.8 8:41 8.4 8:43-0.9 10:31 4.6
SLOT MACHINES
BOBN.
POWELL-In this city, December «. 1900, to
the wife of s. 6. T*owell, a son.
BV^-.^rrlsge and death notices sent by
pail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
J n *t either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEiTHSL
STOtt ACC^_A.XD WAOEUOCSES.
stcraee aad moving; covered
var.« and Market; phone South "SJ.
BI^aNS Van and Storage Co.. 122 Mission St.;
ifl. Ma'n IS40; chipping at cut rates.
MAB.EIED.
1.TTDERMAN— OETTS*— In this city. December
2S. 1900, by the Rev. Dr. EL Nelander of the
First Eafc-llsh Lutheran Church. Herbert Lu-
derman and Lillie Getty, both of San Fran-
cisco.
XlX kinds boupht, sold and repairing ruaran-
tfffl. Charles Placibeck. 1SX5 Mission, cr. lith.
ajBnnxra suchixes aad scpplibs,
XL JiJS na * bou « ht - «oia- rented, exchanred. re-
paired; cpea e\-en.; phene Black 1124. 205 4th.
B^H,?t? T * e °i dt nM **- repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 8.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS-w«
sea better machines for less money than- any
S2£.i~ th 5J :1 & : . T * Dt * 1 »> W- The Typewriter
Exchange. US California: telephone Mala T68.
Typewriters a.\d supplies.
ALWAYS fcsj-ETiiM in typewriters; any make.
W . rit « tor Prices toL 4M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery et.
VTAJCTED TO LEASE.
WANTED— By a responsible party, to lease fcr
a term of years a o'.tatls bulldln* with
p.enty cf light for a ra&ch!ce shop downtown;
would lease with aa option to purchase at
the expiration of lease. Address with full
particulars b<?x SSTS. Call. :
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND la liquidation of S per cent oa
all deposits has been declared by The Califor-
nia ba\ :r n and Lean Society, payable en and
after Friday. December 14. 1900, at the oOce
of the society. Mills building. 2d floor, room
28. CHAS. D. FARQUHAKSON, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Saiincs and Loan Society, IS
Geary tt.— The directors have declared a divi-
dend of '¦» per cent per ansusi on Its de-
poslts, payable on and after January 2 1*01.
ERICEST BRAND. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 112 (fifty
ceru per chare) cf the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office cf
the company. 227 Market St.. on and after
¦Wednesday. January 2. 1301. Transfer books
c!ose en Wednesday, necember 26. 1900. at I
o - clock p. m. E. K. SHELDON. Secy.
SAN Frarcisco Eavlr.c* Unlcn. £32 Calif crnla
6t., corner Webb. Fcr the half year endln«
with the Slst of December. l»00. a dividend has
been declared at the rate per annum of three
and etx-tenth^s O C-1C) per cent oa term de-
pcslts and three (3) i>er cest en ordinary de-
poElts, free of taxes, payable en and after
Wednesday, January 2. 1S01.
LOVXLL •WHITE, Cashier.
)IVTDEXp Notice — The G«rmaa Eavir.fs and
Lean Society. E26 California street. For the
half year eadlrot with December SL 1300. a
dividend bas been declared at the rate of
three and one-<;uarter <S^) per cent per aa-
num on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
en aad after V.'ednesday. January 2. 190L
GEOROK TOTTRNT. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
HAUUlOAD TEAVEL.
A fa •
* "' *' #m '" '* fm^m
The Galifornia Limited
starts for (Chicago over the Santa Fe and gets
there on the third day— 75 hours.
Everjrthing oh , this train is real.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB.TT ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatmrat of Private
Diseases. Loot Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlarpa body and mind aad
Skla Diseases. The Doctor cares, when
others Tall. Try him. % Chars es low.
Cnroaa-aaranteed. Call or writs.
Dr. J. JF. GIBBON. Ban Francisco. QJ.
Fare, ¦ Eaa Francisco ' to Summit and Retara,
$146.-.r' >¦> — ;¦.,-, ..•,-..,.,...' ,.....=•: -¦¦' •.:,.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMAU»AIB NOW OMDN.
Tioiut aCflcaa. 621 Market st., Sansallto Ferry.
- Leaves San Francisco, via Sacsallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS... .1:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUN DAYS.... . . .1 :00, s 10:00. • 11 :S0 and 1:14 p.: m.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S ; RAILWAY
EAUiEOAD TBAVZL.
•OUTHKBX fAVtVtC COMFAHT.
(TaCiriO ITsm.)
Twtmm !•«»• •»¦<! *«•• *«•• *• arrt*« mt
¦AH rttA II CISCO.
(Mala line. Foot of AUrkaa Str—U •
»_—
nun — From Dram ma L 13001 — a»«t»
•7«00a Braid*. Sointa, Ehntrs, VacarTfla, >
Hamas? aad Saorsjaadto. ......... TMOr
•7iO« a. Shasta Expraaa Darts. WOUasaa (fov
I Bartlett SoriapX Willows, Sed
' Blufl, PortSai. r ..-..... ; "»«**»
lift. afarUnex. saa Eacnoa, ValleJ* Xip*.
Calistcia and Santa- Rosa ••ill*
•sUOOa Barta. Woodland. Knights Landtng.
MarrwUle. Oiovillau
•¦i«Oa Atlantic Kxpress- Oedea aad Bast m M-.43t
•8:O«ANnes. Lfrenaore, Tncj. lathrop,
Stodrtoa *7iIS»
•Ii3Oa8»u Jose. JU»«nnoi», Stockton,
lone. lUaramentsv PtfeearfUla,
M.rT»»li!.. Chloa. Rti Bluff «4tl»e .
•SiBVAOakdale, Chinese, Bonora, Garten... *¦*]*'
•U:oo* Harvard*. Miles sad Wsy Stations. Mlrta*
•Jitoo k Los Aazeles Hrpress — Martinez,
Traey, Lai!iros>. atockfera, M.roed
Fresno and LoaAsgalaa <T>19*
•*•»•«. Vallejo. Marlines aad Way Button* *Si«Sp
•1O:»O» Tho OrarUaa limited— Ojdea, Den-
T8T, Omaha, Cuicaga........ ...... ••HWf
•lliOOi Kn«s, Stockton, Saaramento, Men- '3M9M
dot*, Fresno, Hanford, Tballa,
Portartfile Mill!
•11iO*a LlTeimura. Sanger. Goehen Juno-
tton. Baxenfteld, Loa Angelas
f ItOOr S&eramaoto lUtei Steamers faiOO*
•3:00r Haywards, Niles sad Way SUtiou. *9t«Sr
•4:i»o r Martlaei, 8«a Kaaon, Vallejo,
Napa. CallnUca. SanU Koaa **ilSa
•4il*> Banlda. Wiaten. Saanateatat
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MaryiTllle. Orofllle 'l«i«»
MiBOr Hayirards. Miles and SaaJosa. jS>4»A
•3:00? N'flei, Llrermore sad Stockton •1«*43a
fSs&OrBunsei limited. El Paso. H«w
Orleans and East. slAtlS*
•S;O»rTh« Owl limited— Traer. Fre*ao.
Bakenfield. Saujua tor Sttata- Baa-
btri. Los Aficeles. Mlilli
•OiOOr New Otleaaf Ezpress-Baxenfleld.
8anU Barbara. Loa Angles. Dem*
Inc. El Faaa. New Oilsans and
K»»t , »7i4»»
¦8:0«r Hafwards. NUaa and San Joaa *7>4<»A
f«>«ar Valleto '!!:«*
•Oidur Oriental Mall-Otdsa, Cheyaaaa.
Omahv Chlcsgs •tMt
•OiOOr Oriental Mall— Ogdea, Denfer.
Omaba. Chieuo. *4il3p
•7i«Or Ongou and C»H!orala Bspres*. »m-
ramontti, M*ri»»iij9. Raildhif,
Pertlauil, Pnget 8ouud and Rail *l:13l
•StASpSaa Pablo. Purl Coata, Mirtiaei
and War SUUons *11>43*
t»f»p VslUjo ailMa*.
"""" COAST IHTISIOS (5ur»if «*•<«).
(Toot ot MarkalftrseU
*Sil3ANewark.CenlartUle.8aaJos«,raitoa >
Boulder Cteek.SanU Ornsand Wai
8uUona NilOr
(tilSrNawui. CeatarvUlSk Saa Jos*. Maw
Aim* Jen. Fslton, ItouMar Qre«k,
BaaU Cnu aad Friaoipal Way
Stettoos fMiaoa
•4il3r Kswsik. Saa Jose. Los Gatos •ii-t«4
ad:uOo Hunter*' Exsunion. Saa Joa* aai
Way Stations yr»**»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ftimSlI FKiVCISCO — f««» if Xuktt SUaat (Slla 8)—
t7:19 1:00 11KW..M. 1:03 3:03 &>63r.w.
rrtaOllUll— r.it .'BroJwiT.— fd.oa %9M tS.-Oft
lO.OOt.M. 11:13 8:33 4:03 '8:03 r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Oaage). .
{-' --¦ (Third and Towniend Sta.)
'?•il •* Ooeaa View. Sooth Saa FraneUoa.. t«it«r
•7»OOa H»o Joaa and Way Sutlona (New
Alosadsa Wadneadais only) •liS*»
•••••a Man Jos*. Traa Pino*. H»nt» Cnix.
faeiUo Grote, Paaa Unbie*. Saa
I.uli ObUno, Snrf, Lompoo Sit4
Principal Way Stations Mllvy
•I«i«*a S»n Jom aad Way SlaUons........ •«¦*»*
•I Ii3o* Baa Joaa and Way Stations ¦OtSajy
t*i4Sr San Umteo. R«dwood. M»olo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clan, &aa Joaa,
Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz, Sslina*,
Monterey and I'adfls GroTt fl«:S*4
ftiS«p Saa Jose aad War Sutfoiu *7tSOp
HtlSrSaoJosoand Principal Way SUUona •Hi-tSa
1 3:«»r San Josa, Los Gatos aad Principal
Way Stations ?»»••»
*StI«r 8aoJoi»andPrinc!-*lWayBtaUons *SiS3a
•0i3«r Saa Jots and Way Stations ISiO**
«llt43p San Joaeand Way 3tatloni *7i89p
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon.
"Daily. t Sunday •xcontad. t Sandaj oaly.
1 Mondays, Wadnesdaya, Trldays.
c Taesdays, TbnradaTi, Saadaji.
C Ba:mday_o.alx.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
I_iE!3SE3SI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBUSON FERBT— JOOT O» MARKBT BT.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS-7^0, »:M, U:C0 a. m.: IS: IS, I:W.
5:13, «:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at U:3>>
p. m. S*turdaya— Extra trips at I'M aad
ll:aa d. m.
SUNDAYS— «*0. 940. U:» a. nv: 1 Jo. t:I0. iM.
1:20 d. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAT3-«:10. 1M, 1^0. U :1ft a. ax.; U:45.
1:40, 5:10 p. ta. Sat ordar»— Extxa trlpa at 1:M
aad <:SS p. ta.
BUN DATS— 909, > At. 11:19 a. aa-l Us*, S;«*, CM.
1:15 p. m.
Between Ban Franelioo aad SchaetMa Psxk.
same seaedale- as aboT*.
Leave J la Effect I Arrtv*
eaa Francisco, f Wot. I. 190ft. I Baa rraacUoo.
Week I Sun- I I Boa- I Week
Day. I days. | Destination. [ day*. | Daym.
T:»am 1:00 am Norata. |l»<40 am i:4»am
t:JO pm t:30am Pet a In ma. l:MpmlJ:Mtm
» :10 pm 6:00 pm Baxita Bo— . 7^8 pen titi pan .
Fulton.
7:S0 am Windsor, OM aa
Healdsburir.
Lyttoa. i
GeynrrUIa,
IMyta tK»ajB| Ctorardate. TjtSym t^lpta
7:30 ami I Hopland I
| 1^0 ami aad tHdaa. fTdipm tMpm
7:30 am I Bid* ana
8:00ajn Onenwvlllt, lz3S pm
l:Mpm . «:3 pm
T:JO ami 1:00 am Boaoma >OS aa 1:40 am
aad
8:10 pm 1:00 pm Olea Ellen. tM pm <:» pm
T:JO ami 8:W am) 110:40 am|10:I5 ara
8:30 pmf B:CO pmf Bsbaatopol. | 7:15 pmf f& pm
Etares connect at Santa Rosa for Hark Wnt
flprlafs aad Walt* Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altrurla: at Lyttoa for Lyttoa 6prln«i: at
Geysarvllle (or Ska«gs Springs; at Cl<r»erdai«
for th« Geysers; at Hoplaad tor Dnncan
EprtnKS, Highland Sprlnci. Keljeyrine. CarU-
bad Sprinis, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlott
Springs; at uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoca
Bprlass. Blu« Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. WltUr
Sprlags. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter ?alley. -
John Day's. RiyerslJa. Llerley*s. BaekaeU'a.
Eanbedrln Helsbts, Hull-rllls, Orr*a Hot Sprtass.
Idendoclno City, Fort Bra??. WMtport. U»*J.
WUIats, LmytonvtK Canunlao, Bell's Sprlasa,
Harris, Olseas. Dyer. Scotia aad Kureka. •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
Oa Sundays, round-trip tickets to all polats
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. (50 Harkst it. Chroalcls bwUd-
lae. , . R- X. RTA>I,
H. C WH1T1XO, O«n. Pass. Act.
Gen. Man seer.
Santa Fe
Traihs- Da »y
L— .Te Marfcet-etreat lSrr> Depot.
£•?*> Baa ¦ Francisco. » :oo a m 4:10 p m 1 :0O p mv
Arr. Stocktoa 1S:1O p m 1:15 p m 11:08 p b»
"N Merced l:Upm 1:11 am
M . I Fresno .~.~... 4;J0 p m t:M a a
~ •• Vlsalla « :« p ax *iS0 av xa
- Tulara ......... 8:a p m B:W a m
" Hanford ....... 5:» p as 1** a m
" Bakersfleld S:Mpm I;W»m
?• DenTw ........ 1»:00 am — — —
" Kansas Cttr... CIS p m
- Chloa«o TJtftml |
I a. m. trala ts the Oreriand Bxuteaa. Oarr«-
spondlafc: train arrlTesi at < p. m. dally. >- c*^ajM
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. ComapoMtatr
train arrives at 11:05 a. m, dally.
1:00 p. m. is Fresao aad BakarafleM Bxprasia,
with 81e«ptas Cars for both title*. COrraapoad. ,
lax train arrives at I a. m. daily.
O3TICES- «41 Market »t- aad la Ferry Depot.
Ban Francisco; 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.'
Via SausalUe f*rrf.
¦ Commencing September W. 1300.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAifcET
- - AND SAN RAFABL.
WEEK. DATS-«:55. n:l5. U:0» a. nv. "IMS
1:15, 4:00, 5:15. M:15. «:40 p. m.
TRIPS-For. Mill VaUey and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 aad 11:23 p. m.
- SUNDAT&— •»:00. 10-mT *U^» a. m, *1U5.
1:15 MM5. 8:*0, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to Saa Quentln.
FROM SAX RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
•12:30. 1:41. *3:J0, 4:30. l:tO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:30 p. m.
8trNDATS-«:». •S:0O. «10:00. «11:« a. m_
n:40. *1:13. 4:45 *«:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from Ban Qqeatta. .
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-«:45, «:45, 7:55, »:30 a. at,
12:15, 2:10. 1:10, 4:54, 4:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday a
aad Saturdays at 7:10 aad 10:20 p. m.
SVrsVXYS-iitS, 10:05 a. m.. 11:06. J:15. !:»,
i'OO. >'45 Q> m. .- -- in* * in ai» iiiTMa— e»— Bft«
- THROUGH TRAINS.
1:55 a. m. week day*— Caaadero and way
stations. '
1:45 p. m. ¦ : Saturdays— Toroale* aad way :
stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way
stations. •
WeeHy Call $1.00 DerYear
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, -
17 and 2» Fifth st. TeL South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER*.
, Finest l Equipment . at Moderate ¦ Rates.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMDALMER3.
to Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln. School.
¦ V. Telephone South 80.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
P»rcy N 1 Warner. 24, E22A Dolores street, and
Minnie D. Headley. 2S. New Tork.
Thomas B. MeOlnnis, £2. 1842 Geary street.
and Charlotte H. Lavery. 22. 7 Scott street.
Morris Farber, 21. < Hartford street, and
3>na Goldstein IS. 6 Hartford street.
Charles ViaJe ti. 72* Green Btreet, and The-
resa d» Martini, 1?. S12 Union street.
Oforg* V. Lang, St, 1130 Market street, and
Mary C. Gieascn. 22. Twenty-fifth and Harri-
son streets.
Isaac L. FarMiir, ti. Vallejo. and Jail a T.
Hurgfrty. J3. Oakland. *
Edward a. Eriody. 28. Bant* Cru«, and Lto-
llne E. LMijy, 24, Ran Jos«.
Thomas W. Leiry, SI, Ptent, and Dora E.
laiiofti IS Ptent.
Arthur J. Wilson. 3«, Sacramento, and Mary
F. Fort*s, 2S. city. ¦ '_
Jarne* H. Huntoon. 27. Chlcagxv and Mary E.
Dyer. 21, 1063i* Howard street.
Abbot A. Hanke SL 1124 Greenwich street,
and Verta Lu Jordan. 2S. 2S1» Washington et.
John B. Valensoio, 23, 1402 Kearny street,
and Emily E. Busch. 21. 800 Beach street.
WilUam H.-»Rei4, 28, 424« Twenty-fourth
•**»et. and Ida E% Plant. 2S. 424« Twenty-fourth.
The following marriage licenses were- leaned
rTt»rday:
2OLRBIAGE LICENSES.
CIIERIFF'S SALE-HUGH H. BEGGS, plain-
tiff, vs. AGNES V. NOLAN, defendant. Sale
Justice's Court. No. 14.4S7. Execution:
Under and by virtue of an execution, issued
out of the Justice's Court of the city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California, on the
2d day of November, A. D. 1300. in the above
rr.mled action, wherein HUGH H. BEGGS.
the above named plaintiff, obtained a Judgment
asalnrt AGNES V. NOLAJf. defendant, on the
25th day of September. A. D. 1M0. which said
Judgment was recorded In the Clerk's office of
H.ld court, I am commanded to sell all the
right, title aad interest of the above named
defendant. AGXES V. NOLAN. In and to all
that certain lot. piece or parcel of land, situ-
ate, lying and being In the city and county of
Ean Francisco. State of California, and bounded
ar.d described as follows:
Commencing at the southwest corner of Sac-
ramento and FWmore streets, running thence
southerly along the westerly line of Flllmore
* tret t. 79 feet and < Inches; thence at right an-
gles westerly 10S feet and 3 Inches; thence at
right angles northerly ar.d parallel with Fill-
raore street 79 feet aad < Inches; and thence at
right angles easterly 106 feet aad 3 Inches to
the point of commencement.
Public notice Is hereby given that on Frl-
izy. the 11th day cf January. A. D. 1ML at 11
o'clock noon of that day. in front cf the New
City Hall. Larkln street wing. In the city aad
county of Can Francisco, I will, in obedience
to said execution, sell all of the tight, title and
Interest of the above named defendant, AGNES
V. NOLAN, la and to the above described
property, cr •© much thereof as may be neces-
rary to raise sufficient money to satisfy said
luhgmtnU with Interest and costs, etc, to the
hlpbest and best bidder, for lawful money of
the United £tates.
JOHN LACKIiANN. Sheriff.
Eaa Francisco, December 20, 1900.
E. M. MASSET.
Room 5C3. Claua, Ppreckels building, Saa Fran-
cisco. Attorney for Plaintiff. •
LEGAL. ADVnitTISEMEVTS.
TROPOSALS
FOR
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTTNO AND
BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received cntll
January ID, 1501. at 10:30 o'clock A. M., for
furnishing the PAPER for the FL7BLIC
PRINTING smd BINDING for the year ending
tiih of February. 1202, the said proposals to
be opened before and the award of contracts to
be made by the Joint Committee of Congress
on Public Printing to the lowest and best bid-
der for the interest of the Government, the
committee r*-*ervin>r to Itself the right to re-
Je«t any and all bids, as its judgrnent of the
bert lntcrc^T.? of the Government may dictate.
Detailed schedules of thje description, quan-
tity, and quality of the paper required, accom-
I>anied by samples and blank proposals, and
i • . ¦ - the regulations with which bidders must
comply, can be obtained by addre^sinir F W
Palmer. Public Printer, Washington, D. C.
The contracts will be entered into for supply-
ing such quantities of paper as may be needed
auring the year, and no more.
The estimated quantities eet forth In detail
In the schedule comprise:
i- ¦ '¦• reams mayciilne-finlch printing paper
i4xS8.
2^'.O0O reams machint-JlslEh printing paper,
3Ss4S.
S-S.MO reams eired and euper-calendared
white or tinted printing paper, va-
rious eizes.
S1.OO0 reairs white writing paper, various
eizes and weights.
4.S00 reams colored writing paper, various
sizes acd weights.
2,000 reams cover paper, various sizes aad
weights.
60,000 pounds cf best plate paper.
200,000 pounds cf best map paper.
€00,000 pounds ruperCne (double) coated book
paper.
S.6M reams m&nila paper, various sizes and
weights.
100,000 pounds bend paper.
20,000 pounds artificial parchment, various
Fizes.
4,000 pounds parchment deed.
110,000 sheets cardboerd. various colors sizes.
and weights.
t,100.W0 eheets brtstol board, various colors,
sire*, and weights.
S.000 reams flrst-cJaas ledger paper, white or
blue, .laid or wove, various 'sizes aad
weight*.
".ro reams second -class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid cr wove, various sizes
and weiphts.
4,730 reams tissue and copying paper.
25 reams blotting paper, any required
color end weigrht.
tS5 reams plaid, marble, and comb paper,
various fizes.
S50 reams t>-pewrtter paper, various eizes
and weights.
1.::' reams cap, letter, and note paper.
100 reams white French folio, 17x3.
2.000 rheets parchment. 15x21.
Pror<osals will be received for one thousand
reams or more.
By cUreetion of the Joint Committee of Con-
rrees on Public Printlnr:
F. "W. PALMER.
Public Printer.
TTAgOTNOTPN. D. C T)<*er>mY)?T V). ltw). .
iniDENT) NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, S3 Post rt.— For the half year
ending December SL 1300, a dividend has been,
declared at the rate it three (3) per cent per
annum en all deposits, free- of taxes, pay-
able on anfl after Wednesday. January 2. 190L
' GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
CTFriends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
{Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 908H Folsom street. Interment Cypress
Lawn l~i 1 1 1 1 1 1 i j m H > 1 1 Wfm IMHHILgi![*IW LCtfi J
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Et Ood Fellows* Cemetery this day (Thurs-
day), &1 10 o'clock. Cremation.
GAVIN— In this city, December 25. 1900, Rose,
beloved wife of James Gavin, and sister of
Jane and Mary Melvin, - a native of Ireland,
azed 50 years.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully£in\ited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Car*>w & English. 41 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city. December 25. 1900. Joseph
J.. beloved son of Annie and the late James
Green and brother of Annie and Gertrude
Green, a native of San Francisco, ased 25
years 2 months and S days. »
&T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this Cay
(Thursds}), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 483 McAllister street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his aoul. com-
mencing at »:30 o'clock. Interment, Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HAINES— In this city. December 25, 1900. Ervtn
D- beloved husband of Eliiabeth Haines. a
native of Indiana, aged 31 years and 3
months. (Chicago papers please copy.) •
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1707 Howard street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. -/ N
HALSET— In this city, December 25. 1900.
Ar.nle Halser, a native of San Francisco,
ared 44 years. , » •
fETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday). *t 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767 Mission street." In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAEKELL— In this city. December 25. 1900.
Mary Ann, beloved wife of Oeorge "W". Has-
kell, and mother of Mrs.^arah Lee and the
late John, George and Eben Haskell, a native
of County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 61 years. -
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. -20 Fifth street. Interment Holy Croes
Cemetery.'
HAVERTT— In this city. December 28, 1900,
Lewis Melville, beloved son of John J. and
Tlllle Haverty, a native of Saa Francisco,
ac?d 4 months. . ,
HENDRY— In this city, December «. 1900,
Sarah.' dearly beloved wife of James Hendry.
and mother of . William, Luther. Frank and
Orson Hendry, Mrs. Sarah Spangenberg and
the late Lucy Ann Hendry. fe native of White
Head, England, aged 72 years and 9 months.
CjT Notice of funeral hereafter.
FOUNTAIN— In this city, December 25, 1900.
Chester L-. beloved son of Mrs. M. E. Foun-
tain.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Brigid's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment' Holy
Cross Cemetery- -
FORREST— In Riverside, December 26. 1900.
Mrs. Agnes Forrest, mother of George, James,
Richard and Miss Agnes Forrest and Mrs.
Strackan.
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:20 o'clock, from the resldenc
of the parents, 402 Utah street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
" of her soul, commencing at S o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DALY— In this city. December 25, 1W0, Alice,
beloved wife cf James H. Daly, mother of
Emily Maixaret Daly, and daughter of Mar-
iraret Quingley, a native of Boston, aged 2S
years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respec*
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:15 p'clock, from the parlors
of#J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services at
10:50 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DOYLE— In this city, December 25, WOO, Cyril,
beloved eon cf P. w. and Kittle Doyle, a na-
tive of Ean FranclEco, aged 8 years 3 months
and 12 days.
DOYLE— In this city. December 23. 1900, Henry
Joseph, beloved husband Ot Mary Doyle,
father of Kathreen. William and Peter Doyle,
eon of Willis m and the late Bridget Doyle,
and brother cf George B., William F., James
J.. Frank and Elizabeth Doyle and Mrs.
Thomas J. Sales, a native of San Francisco,
aped 32 years J months and 23 days.
EXThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 16 Thirteenth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Croes Cemetery-
EGAN— In this city, December 26. 1300. Henry,
beloved husband of Jane T. Egan, and father
of Matilda, Joseph A.. Rose. Clara, Frank,
Jennie and Adelaide Egan. a native of Birr.
Kings County. Ireland, aged 75 years and 9
months. (New York City papers please copy.)
CFriends are " respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 9
o'clock, from the residence of her Bister. 1737
Market street, thence to St. Francis de Sales
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her eoul, com-
mencing at 9:S0 o'clock. Interment EL Mary's
Cemetery.
COLQUHOCTC— In Oakland, December 85. 1900,
Joannetta M., be-loved wife of Joseph A.
Colquhoun, daughter of the late Rev. John
McMaster. D.D., of Princeton, Ind., sister of
Gilbert M. McMaster of Pittsburg. Pa., Cap-
tain Robert 1L and Andrew J. McMaster of
Portland. Or., and mother of John M. and
Edith G. Colquhoun. a native of Princeton,
Ind., aged 13 years 2 months and 2 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel of the First Presbyterian Church, cor-
ner Fourteenth and Franklin streets. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery-
CON WAY— In this city, December 24, 1900, Bar-
ney Conway, a native cf Ireland, aged 71
ysars.
CRAXDALL— In this city. December 26, 1900.
Abble. beloved wife of O. J. Crandall. a na-
tive of Maine, aged 79 years.
DAHLTON— In this citj-, December 2«, 1900, en-
tered into rest. Nora D., beloved daughter of
Oliver and Ncra Dahlton. and eister of Alex-
ander J. and May K. Dahlton and Mrs. J. J.
Loonty. a native- of San Francisco.
u7PYlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1S14 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be cel-
ebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
BURKE— In this city, December 26, 1900, John,
beloved son of Mrs. B. Burke and the late
Anthony Burke, and brother of Mrs. Rosa
Frus, Mrs. Rebecca. Anderson and Mrs. Kate
Jacobsen, a native of Sydney, J>. S. W., aged
LC years.
COLLINS-In Oakland, December 26. 1900. Mrs.
Julia Collies, beloved sister of Mrs. Catherine
Lynch, and aunt of D. J. Lynch cf Oakland,
Mrs. Julia Qulnn. Mrs. Kate Collins of San
FranclEco, Mrs. Ellen McMurry, Kda. Cop-
persmith. Charles La France of Sacramento
and Mrs. Marsraret Hones of San Jose, .a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 78 years.
BOWERS— In Ocean View. December 25. 1900.
Augusta, beloved wife of J. A. Bowers, only
daughter of James and Sarah Patton. and be-
loved mother of Sarah, James and Josephine
Bowers, a native of Scotland, aged S3 years.
C7Remalr.s at funeral parlors of McGinn
Bros., 21 Eddy street. Notice of funeral here-
after.
BOYLE— In this city. December 25. 1900. James,
relict cf the late Annie Boyle and father of
Edward N., Margaret and James H. Boyle,
Sister M. Serena and Sitter 11. Luclna. a na-
tive of Queens County, Ireland, aged 80
years and 22 days.
DIED. ,
Bowers. Augusta • Hendry. Sarah
Boyle, James Koch, Herman
Burke. John Lowell. Nathan R.
_ Collins. Mrs. JulVa Lucy, Anthony
™ Oolquhoun. Joannetta Magruire. Thomas
Conway. Barney Messmer. Klllan
Crandall. Abble Mploney, John E.
Dahlton, Nora D. - Norton. Henry M.
Daly. Alice .O'Brien. Patrick
Doyle. Cyril Petersen. Thomas
Doyle. Henry J. Sandln. Olof
Scan. Henry Shannon. William H.
Forrest. Mrs. Agnes.. Ernith. James W.
"Fountain, Chester L. Bpantaxk. Henry
Gavin. Rose Taffee. William A
Green. Joseph J. Trlmberrer. Bolette
Haines. Ervln D. Twohigr, Timothy J.
Halsey. Annie Waldier, Arthur
Haskeil, Mary A Walsh. Lawrenoe
Haverty. Lewis M.
KOCH— In' this city, December 26. 1900, Her-
man, beloved husband of Johanna Koch, and
father of Herman. Carl and Henrietta Koch,
a native of Dusseldorf -am- Rhine. Germany,
aped 39 yean and 4 days. . -
C7Remalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street. , :
LOWELL— In Oakland. December 26. 1900, Na-
than Reuben Lowell, a native of Maine, aged
71 years 8 months and 21 days.
E7Frlends anil acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to- morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at Albert
Brown's funeral parlors. 468 Thirteenth street.
Oakland. Interment private.
IAJCY-Ia Stockton. December 28. 1900, An-
thony, beloved husband of Mary • B. Lucy,
and father of George W. Lucy and Mrs. May
K. Squires, a native of Philadelphia, aged 65
yeare. - .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at J. o'clock, • from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mleslon street. Interment
I. O. O. T. Cemetery. .
MAGUIRE— In Oakland, December 26, 1900. : at
1315 Fifteenth avenue, Thomas Magulre, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 32 years. A mem-
ber of South San Francisco Lodge No. 45.
K. of P.. i j '
ME£SMER-In Bast' Oakland. December 16.
1900. at 20S0 Thirteenth avenue. KlUan Mess-
mer, a native of Germany, aged 77 years and
11 months.
MOLONBY— In this city. . December 26. 1900,
John Edward, beloved son of Patrick and
the late Elizabeth iloloney. and brother of
Mrs. B. C. Pohley and Mrs. J. B. Allen, a
native of San • Francisco, ¦ aged 21 years 4
months and 17 days. ¦ves'^t^
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the. parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
Btreet, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
services will be held at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NORTON-In this city. December IS, 1900.
Henry M.. beloved son of Ellen 1L and the
late Captain Henry M. Norton, and brother of
Mrs. Jessie Cafllsh. Mrs. Ida Kleve and Wal-
ter "W. Norton, a native *>f San Francisco*
aged 40 years 8 months and 11 days.
CS^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother. 818 Larkln street, between Turk
and Eddy. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. December 25. 1900. Pat-
rick O'Brien, a native or Ireland., aged 68
years.
PETEBSEN— In this city, December 25. 1900.
Thomas Petersen\a native of Denmark, aged
77 jeers.""
6ANDIN— la this city. December 28, 1900. Olof
Sandln. beloved brother of Louis and John
Bandln and Mrs. Charles Qulst. a native of
Vermland. Sweden, aged S3 years 11 months
and 1$ days.
SHANNON— In EaBt Oakland. December 2»,
1900, William H., beloved husband of C Shan-
non, and father of Thomas H-. John A., Al-
bert E., William J. wd Annie I. Shannon,
Emmellne Lennef elt and Lydla Blore, a na-
tive of London, aged 65 years.
SMITH— In this city, December 26, 1900, James
TV., beloved husband of the late Ann Fran-
ces Smith, and '.father of J. "W.. J. C and
Frank Smith and Mrs. George Murphy of
Grass Valley, a native of County Wexford,
Ireland, aged 77 years 7 months and 10 days.
gy Remains at the parlors of Theodor
Dierks. 957 Mission street. Notice of funeral
hereafter. Please omit flowers,
SPANHACK-In East Oakland. December 15,
1900, Henry Spanhack. beloved father of Mrs.
H. J. Plomteaux, a native of Germany, aged
7S years 6 months and 7 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 ' o'clock, at the
residence of Dr. H. J. Plomteaux. 1615 Twen-
ty-third avenue. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
TAFFEE— In this city. December 25, 1900, Will-
lam A., beloved husband of Georgina Taaffe,
a native of Pennsylvania, ared 42 years. (Bal-
* tirnore. Md., and New York papers please
copy.)
ITTFriendB and acquaintances ue respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), a't 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1014 Ellis street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
TRIMBERQER— In this city, December 25, 1900,
Bolette Trimberger. beloved wife of Henry
Trimberger, mother of Henry, Gertnid and
Ellis Trimberger, sister of Henry Bunck, and
niece of Mrs. S. Hansen. a native of Thlsted.
Denmark, aged 26 years and 10 months.
ITTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1144 Sixth avenue south, between K
and L- streets. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
TWOHIG— In Irvlngton. Alameda County. Cal.,
December 26, 1900, Timothy Joseph Twohig,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Twohl?, and
loving father of Mrs. Mary Hughes, Mrs.
Ella SInnott, Mrs. Maggie Norris, Mrs. Lucy
Carey and Edward, Teasls G. and Joseph
Twohig, a native of Blarney, County Cork,
Ireland, aged €6 years 5 months and 12 days.
WALDIER— In this city, December 24. 1900, Ar-
thur, beloved son of the late Johana and
Charles Waldier. and brother of Mrs. Joseph-
ine Bennett, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years. „ • ¦ .
\P? Friends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALSH — In Sausallto, December 23. 1900. Law-
rence Walsh, beloved brother of John Walsh,
a native of Ireland, aged 57 years.
EXFriends and acqualntancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Edward Eden. San Rafael, thence.
to St. Raphael's Church, where a mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at l!) o'clock. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, San Rafael. _^^_
SPECIAL IfOTICDS.
Patrick H. Cotter. 82. Oc«an View, and' Ui-
rle A. Magulre. ». 4>teean View.
Pedro F. Oonzales. 85.* 821 Bueh street. . and
Anne R. Llndey. 2S, 1434 Sacramento street.
V. Anderson, 24, 2U2 Howard street,
and Emily S. Eftord. 20. 1465 Guerrero street.
IaADEES- CfclcisestfT Kngllsa Pennyroyal Pills
ar« th« best; saJe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c sta=-.p» *°r Particulars; "ReUef for
Ladles" in letter by return mall; at dru»-
glsta, Chlchettfr Chemical Cb.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for Mjcollectlons made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Mcr.tr^Tv rt.. rooms 9-10: tel. ESSD.
BLOT *z*--- z Zr l t*** t "We: *« each. 1157
MarkM ft- ***¦ Bevmth and Eighth.President Charles P. ;Thwing of Western Reserve Uni
versity Delivers Principal, Address of the MeetinQ.
TEACHERS OF CALIFORNIA
MEET IN ANNUAL SESSION
'-': Vr. 10. , V. Thayer has returned ¦ and resumed
practice. Office and residence 2311 Washington.*
.' Petitions ? in Insolvency,? were • filed i yes- ;
terday In the United States District Court
as ' follows : '* T."- C.'^Van i Emu*; merchant.'
Oakland, liabilities $2287,assets 11491; Ster
ling P. Stephens, mechanic,; San • Franclsi'
co, v liabilities $519, i no, assets. -*;, 1
Two Insolvencies.
J. G. Druhe. grocer; • 439 / Greenwich
street, reported . to; the,: police yesterday
that hls« store had been ; entered Tuesday
night by. burglars ,; They broke open the
cash drawer and; stole J10, besides taking
away a. lot of tobacco 'and other, articles. ¦
Grocery Entered by Burglars.
The Challenge; Is Out.
Wednesday, January the 2d,: the -great
challenge will take place in '-this; city. v».
Chinese Inspector, J.'.E.' Gardner yester
day arrested , K wan i Cow, a. v Chlnaman, on
the charge of being illegally in the coun
try. ; : Cow v had • a certificate, of registra
tion,, the original . ; names . and - dates v. on
which had been erased .with acids and his
own 'name substituted. ' , : ,
Another False" Certificate.
-." A letter .was ; received yesterday^, by the
San 7 Francisco \ Chamber.-" of ./Commerce
from Governor . Henry » T/.Gage, In "which
the;latter takes occasion to* thank ( the or.
ganization for passing resolutions compli
menting .; him ¦„ for his ;- action : respecting
false reports; of .the alleged existence of
bubonic_plaguo in f.the city .of .San Fran
cisco. ¦; The. chief .executive. modestly ; says
thatno merit should be- attributed to him.
as he simply "performed 'a. solemn duty to
the people of. this city, and of the State.
Governor t Gage Thankful.^
."•'a.*' Prato was picked up in Sullivan's
alley. Chinatown. " yesterday, by Police
officer Edwards in a. dying condition and
sent to the Emergency Hospital. He was
in a . starving - condition and. after being
fed said he was a desurter, f rom- the Brit
ish ship Arramore, which arrived In this
port on the 15th lnst. from Antwerp. He
claimed. to have $50 wages due him. After
leaving the -vessel he went to Chinatown
and wandered .about the, slums, partak
ing' of such scrap's of food as he could
pick up. ,- .. .- ¦•-. .::--; ;_•;„- ..; •
Found Starving in, Chinatown.
Jeeae Moore "AA" whisker 1« called for
everywhere. It i» the drink of the people.
: . Private Contracts.
/Supervisor McCarthy, will ' at the next
meeting of the board move for ; a . recon
sideration of the ordinance era powering
the Board of Public Works to investigate
applications for permission '•: to do '¦ street
work under private contract and. to grant
permission therefor.; McCarthy ; contends
that this ''Is In ; direct /conflict j; with i the
chtfrter. provision which says that the .res
olutions of intention for street work muat
be > transmitted to the - Supervisors, -.who
may adopt or reject the same. Only upon
the authorization of the board can street
work by private contract or, otherwise be
done.
"McCarthy cites an Instance: In ; the con
tract" to build a' sewer, on i Spear '¦ street;
from' Mission to Market, to Prod Leffier.
which he claims to be illegal. - McCarthy
says the law compels private contractors
to take out special licenses,; but he • finds
no record of a license having. been issued
to'Leffler;-. '-¦¦¦¦ ..•.;.--'•:- — ¦¦• ¦¦ ¦:¦ -/-.-.
MCCARTHY DECLARES
ORDINAIT CE HXEGAL
Says Board of Works Has No Power
/Under Charter to. Award
"To-morrow will, be a gala day for ladles.
Shoes that cost $2 50 a pair will be placed
on the table to pick from for only 75 cts.
a. pair at bankrupt shoe sale of the Cali
fornia, 1506 Market St., near City Hall av.»
Ladies Are Especially Invited.
and Sullivan, Declaring Them
Eligible to Hold Office.
The Board of Education signed the sal
ary demands of Deputy Superintendenta
of School3 Howard and Sullivan yester
day. These are the two officials^ whose
eligibility: to hold office was questioned
by Director Denman on the ground that
they were not residents of the "city for
one year preceding their appointment and
not for five yeara electors of the city an-i
county. Denman threatened to hold up
their salaries on that score. Howard, it
is claimed, has been a resident and an
elector of . this city for more than five
years next preceding: his appointment.
Sullivan was a resident of this city for
more than a year, having taken up hi*
residence at 1S22 McAllister street In Sep
tember. 1899. ¦ He was also an elector of
this city for fifteen years, having: voted
here in the seventies and eighties.
The charter does not say that to be a
Deputy Superintendent one - must b« an
elector for five years immediately preced
ing appointment. The „ term may cover
any period of residence In this city. It is
claimed. -. <. \ '. •:
WEBSTER'S DEPUTIES
GET THEIR SALARIES
Board Signs Demands of Howard
Donation to the Police.
President Fugazrt of the Columbue Sav
ings and Loan Society sent a check for
150 yesterday to Chief Sullivan as a
Christmas gift to the Policemen's Wid
ows' and Orphans* Aid Association. The
Chief handed the check to Corporal Cills,
Fecretary of the association.
Daingerfield Still Gains.
Judge Daingerfleld gained 21 votes yes
terday in his contest to the election of
Thomas F. Graham. Up to date Judge
Dalngorfleld has gained SI votes.
The Council; of Education and the de
partments of manual training, school ad
ministration.- classic : and modern lan
guages. history*» school hygiene, music,
English, kindergartens, child study, re
ceiving class work, nature study and high
school- science will hold meetings at '9:30
o'clock this morning at the Mission, High
School, r Th« general sessions will be held
at Metropolitan Temple at l:S0 and 8 p. m.
"But for my sister I never would have been
educated. She helped to make me what I am."
You and I may not train a boy who will soms
time be President, but we are privileged to
train every day boys and girls for noble . ser
vice wherever they may live.
The meeting of- the association was pre
ceded by a forenoon meeting of the Coun
cil of Education at the Palace Hotel. The
council Is composed, of principals of high
schools . . and County Superintendents.
State Superintendent Kirk presided. Pro
fessor Slate of the University of Califor
nia read an address on "'Accrediting Sys
tems." and Professor T. L.. Heaton one
on "Course of .Study 'for High Schools."
Each address was followed by discussion.
• Is. therefore, the teacher not a mighty force,
and might I not say the mightiest force In
civilization? Every teacher of all of us can
in humility and exaltation say, "I have done
something to bless mankind." «The other day
I was in Canton, a town in which a gr?at and
good man lives when he is at home. On the
wall of the Canton High School there Is ¦ a
bronze tablet with this Inscription: "In
memory of Annie McKlnley, a beloved teacher
in the Canton schools from September, I860, to
June, 1890." Thirty years of noble work; bless
her for it!
If next year when President McKlnley visits
your State ¦ you speak of her to him, . a dew
will come into his eye and . he will say:
Tha other day I went down to that Oxford
of the Pacific, Talo Alto. What do you think
Is the best thing down at Palo Alto— those
great corridors, that endowment exceeding
that of Osford? No. The beat thing at Palo
Alto is the president and his faculty. - Bulll
your buildings, line them with marble, make
them Oxfords, but remember .that it is .the
human soul that Is to touch your soul. Brick
and mortar cannot do It as will human en
vironment.
The teacher embodies the environment of th«
persoa more adequately than any other force.
I wish we couM have an examination in in
fluence. In all these changes, these Improve
ments that California stands for, you 1 will some
day find a means to weigh the influence of the
teacher as a person. A lady spoke to me to
day concerning the coming of the new presi
dent at Berkeley, whom I love and esteem.
She said . that no sooner had he come : than
all tha S boys on . the campus seemed to walk
straight«r and carry their heads higher. .
Bring to your aid the great books of the
world. : The book is our tool and tbe mind is
our timber. Better than railroads, better than
shops or factories and any material achieve
ment is for us to use these Infinite powers ; of
great souls to make great souls in boys and
girls. *
th« "Commemoration Ode" by Lowell, and
Tennyson's "In Memorlam." In life's storm
and stress, in all of life's wars and losings,
let us bring to luV'S problems those great
thoughts. • '
Further, I believe in the power and Influence
of the church in education. My religion is
not yours and yours is not another's. For my
present purpoee I have no concern which
typ e of religion you adopt, but I do believe
that you ought to use whatever type you do
adopt for the Inspiration and betterment of
your pupils. I respect the constitution, but I
believe that under the constitution we can us«
religion much more than we have been using
it. There is no Influence that bo broadens the
horizon as the knowledge that man has a re
lation to the infinite. You and I have the
chance cf the minister in being constantly with
the boys and girls, and I believe in every
State we are not even obeying the formal law;
we are not bringing the power of righteous
ness, of the unseen, to inspire, t9 mold human
character.
The teacher also has a euperb chance for the
betterment of men through the book. There
are books more important than the textbook,
and those are the book biographical and the
book of poems. I am not eo much concerned
as «to whether pupils shall know, anything
after examinations, but I do want them to be
able to think, to be able to respond to high
e«ntiments, and to be touched by the power
of imagination. The book biographical, that
teaches the boy life, is better than the book
that teaches him to parse or to . figure. Of
course I find no fault with accuracy, - but I
want my boy to have the opportunity to say.
"Papa, .1 want to be a great man. like that
man."
We are living in a material age, but I want
my child to lift -Ms eyes to the great lights.
To my mind there are two great poems, the
one written on this side of the Atlantic, and
the other in that little Island across the sea;
with our pupils than their fathers are?' If
we fail to love that boy or girl we are falling
for ourselves and for the help we might be
to that boy or girl. You may not feel the
love of the heart, but there is the mightier
love of the will that eaya. "I will take that
child and make the most of It for the life
everlasting."
Harry Hessler was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Fritz
yesterday on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon in $2000 bonds. He struck
Rosa Dean, a woman living » in Bacon
place, on the head with a slungshot.
¦Edward Wilson, who was charged with
burglary for breaking into the room of
Peter Benson, 113 Eighth street, had the
charge reduced to petty larceny by Judge
Conlan yesterday ¦ and was sentenced to
six months In the County Jail.
The charge of grand larceny against
Charles Stencil, alias Statier, was dis
missed by: Judge Fritz yesterday. Stencil
was accused of steering Robert Teeter,
a stranger, to a room on Kearny street,
where Teeter soon parted with $180. It
was shown that Teeter. himself dealt the
cards In the poker game and willingly bet
on his hand.
A warrant was sworn out in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday for the arrest of
Joseph Kenneally. on a charge of. battery-
While Policeman T. F. Bean had Thomas
O'Connor, charged with an assault with
a deadly weapon. In custody Tuesday
night Kenneally struck O'Connor a vio
lent blow In the face, knocking him down.
Police Court Notes.
DR. CHARLES FRANKLIN THWING. PRESIDENT OF WESTERN RE
SERVE UNIVERSITY. ADDRESSES THE CALIFORNIA TEACHERS'
ASSOCIATION ON "THE TEACHER AS A FORCE IN CIVILIZATION."
from all parts of the
I State were gathered In Metropoli-
I tan Hall at 1:30 o'clock yesterday
H. afternoon for the opening meeting
of the thirty-fourth annual ses
sion of the California Teachers' Associa
tion. The body ol the hall was com
pletely filled and_ many teachers were
seated in the gallery.
Never before has a session of the Cali
fornia Teachers' Association giving- so
much promise of profitable intercourse
convened. Earnestness and enthusiasm
are felt In the very atmosphere of this
convention.
The San Francisco City and County
Teachers' Institute is being held jointly
with the meeting of the more compre
hensive organization, and though there Is
a murmur of disapproval from the local
teachers on account of their consequent
inability to spend the holiday vacation
according to their own desires they are
entering Into the convention work with
all the interest felt by those who are In
attendance by choice.
J. W\ McClymonds, Superintendent of
Schools of Oakland and president of the
association, called the convention to or
der, and after a song and an encore by
a male quartet he said: "Mayor Phelan
has some complimentary things to say
about the people of California, we trust."
Mayor Phelan spoke in general terms of
the great importance of such conventions.
He spoke of advancement made in past
years by the schools of San Francisco
and predicted still greater changes for the
better. Continuing he said: ,
The University of California has grown and
developed throughout the year, and it is the
apex of the educational system of the State.
A movement is on foot and I have been hon
ored with a place on a committee selected to
Indues the legislature to provide the university
-with more money. The collateral Inheritance
tax is recommended, and we hope the teach
ers of the State will lend their support.
The city of San Francisco welcomes you. and
It welcomes the distinguished visitor who hon
ors us with his presence to-day; Dr. Charles
F. Thwing, president of Western Reserve Uni
versity. •
Cecil TV. Mark, president of the Board
of Education of San FranclBoo, welcomed
the teachers. He referred to the develop
ment of the San Francisco schools, and
in conclusion paid high tribute to the San
Francisco State Normal School.
Reginald H. Webster, Superintendent of
the Common Schools of San Francisco,
was introduced to deliver an address of
welcome in behalf of the teachers of this
city. He was received with prolonged ap
plause. He said in part:
We hare reason to rejoice In a constantly
augmenting interact in our public schools on
the part of the people. W e observe with
pleasure improved school houses, the tendency
to insist on a higher standard of qualification
required of teachers, and a more earnest and
practical attention to their duties on the part
Of school officers.
This is an age of sharp conflict of opinion In
all departments of thonpht and endeavor.
I'olitical. social and ethical theories, at strange
and even startling variance with the results of
experience, are being advanced. The public
schools are not escaping these influences.
Xovel theories of education are seeking recog
nition, otten making experimental stations of
school rooms. The fea*lbility of the simple
course of study exempt from the fads of the
day is not only denied by some, but the value
of the most fundamental studies is questioned.
Non-essentials are ¦"enriching" courses of
study. Simplicity and thoroughness, that
should characterize school work, are slighted
or ignored. Amid the clash of opinion and
practice there is need for sound Judgment and
wise counsel. Teachers, upon you r«»8ts In a
great degree the grave responsibility of main
taining the potency and efficiency of the pub
lic schools, so that from them shall go youth
not with superficial and, unassimllated Inform
ation about many things, incapable of strong
thought, but youth thoroughly schooled in a
few essentials, strong- In body, wholesome In
mind, ethics and morals.
Mrs. Cecil W. Mark sang a soprano solo,
and received an enthusiastic encore.
James A- Foshay, Superintendent of
Schools of Los Angeles, was to have re
sponded to the addresses of welcome, but
he was detained and did not arrive In time
for the response. That duty was filled by
Superintendent McClymonds, who ¦ fol
lowed his remarks with a brief opening
address as president of the association.' ,¦
President Charles F. Thwlng of West
ern Reserve University was introduced
for the principal address of the afternoon.
He epoke In part as follows:
Ladles and Gentlemen and Fellow Workers:
I feel myself most happy in being here and
more happy still to be here \ to talk to teachers
as a force in civilization.'
The family, the church, the book environment
constitute mighty forces of civillratlon. The
first and possibly the most important of these
Is the family. Each of us is born into a
home. Long before we knew It there was a
smile looking down upon us and love k was
given us long before love could be < returned.
And sad the fate of us if at death there is no
tear dropping down upon our marble faces.
But airo the church stands as a force equally
mighty. The church, whatever may be one's
belief or condition, will be recognised by-. all
as a mighty factor. It kept the lamp of learn
ing burning for a thousand years. The church
to-day Is and is to be a mighty force in the
betterment of men. •
The book Is likewise of greatest Importance
to humanity. There are four forces that meet
In American life and • three of these come to
us through the book. The Hebrew, the Greek,
the Roman and the Anglo-Saxon each offers
itself to the modern life. - We are touched by
the spirit of Greece, and through the book we
receive our Greek culture and civilization, and
through the book also Roman civilization
touches us. It' is ¦ the poem, the essay, that
gives us Rome. The Anglo-Saxon . has not
reached us through th» book, but the Greek,
the Roman, the Hebrew has reached us su
premely in that manner.
But also not simply the family, the church
the book, touch us, but also human environ
ment, which Is of prime significance. I. for
one. talking not a* a scholar, say that influence
of climate, plain or mountain is of far less
Importance than is commonly believed. . We
are apt to magnify tho influence of the sky
klsslng Alps In inspiring noble character . and
conduct. In Europe there is a> little land oom
pored of seabottoms. drained and dried, -which
offered resistance to a foe lately our foe. In
a most sublime struggle for liberty. Holland,
little Holland, represents heroism Just as mag
nificent as 8wit*«-rland Itself. But there is an
environment ' of greatest Importance and , that
is the environment of person*.
The family, tha church, the book, ' the * en
vironment Of vthe, person, are mighty,; forces
working for the bettennant of men, but' might
ier than all. comprehending . and uniting all
tb«ee forces. Is the teacher. • ;>-."-,¦;¦.::.- ¦- .•?"•-,,
The foundation of the family is love. ¦ What
should be the primary relation- of the teacher
to the school? f? Imply lave. The teacher .who
does not love her pupils is not worthy of being
a teacher. . An unloved child ; la an orphan.
The student who is not . loved , by s the . teacher
misses a mighty fore* for his guidance. Why,
do you know thai we teachers are mor* often
Speculation has been rife as to what
Scott will do concerning his deputies who
will be replaced by civil service eliglbles.
The commission notified him that It was
prepared to certify fifteen deputies at $125
per month each for appointment. Only
three of the present iorce are high enough
up on the list to be selected at once. Two
others may be considered should some of
those preceding them fail to qualify or re
fuse to accept. Ten of the deputies now
employed are not on the list, five of them
having refused to take the examination,
the other five failing to pass. As foretold
In The Call last week, these ten and pos
sibly twelve will lose their positions. They
were so informed yesterday by Scott, with
whom they had a conference. They
pleaded not to be disturbed In their places,
but Scott stated that he would have to
comply with the civil service law. though
he regTetted to be obiiged to dismiss men
he had found reliable. George McCalvy.
whose standing as an experienced clerk
was-toa low to admit of his reappolnt
ment, is high enough up on the list of
eligible deputies to be certain of selection
for one of the hitter positions.
R. Albora, J. Boyd. J. J. Boyle, T. E. Bro
phy, H. D. Byrne. S. J. Campbell, J. M.
Clark. Myer Cohen, L. Devoto, E. J. Flti-
Berald, H. P. Goldstein. B. H. Herrick. J. J.
Hare. E. C. Harrington, Benjamin Levy, S.
N. Martlnovich, G. H. McCalvy. William
O'Neil, M. Schwartz and J. Volsenet. S
Scott intends to file a requisition for six
more clerks to make up his complement
of twenty-three," and has decided on
¦William. J. Tiernan and Rudolph Albora,
who are on the eligible list, for appoint
ment. Albora is one of the old staff, and
will only be temporarily out of office.
Scott will subject his new clerks to a
little examination of his own to determine
their eligibility to fill the positions. Should
any of them prove incompetent he will
forthwith dismiss them and make new
requisitions on the eligible list. He will
also exact a bond of $5000, which all hi»
old clerks had to furnish.
Frederick H. Stahle. William H. Miller.
Francis X. Foley, Joseph I. Twohy, George I.
McConnick. George T. Poultney. Isaac Citron,
William N. . Klfendehl, James L. Miller, Ed
ward Cusheon, Robert A. Miller, Clarence F.
Knerr, Frank R. Smith, Eugene W.- Hamley,
Edward C. Stackpole, Alexander Dijeau and
Packer W. Jones. •
Of the nineteen certified Scott rejected
the names of Charles Broad and James
A. Code. Only two of the old force will
be retained, C. F. Knerr and F. R. Smith.
The following-named clerks will lose their
positions as a consequence of being sup
planted by civil service eliglbles:
Tax Collector Scott made a requisition
yesterday on the Civil Service Commis
sion for seventeen clerks from tbe eligible
list. In accordance with the rules, the
names of nineteen were certified, and
from these Scott selected the following
named seventeen to serve in his office at
a salary of $100 per month each, their ap
pointment to date from January 1, 1901:
Scott Names Seventeen Who
Will Displace Present
Force.
SELECTS CIVIL
SERVICE CLERKS
Amos Burr, who has been located In
this city as traveling passenger agent for
the Vanderbllt lines, has been transferred
to Los Angeles. • . •
"He will survey the field well first,"
said. Mr. Gate's, "and when he has done
this he will be able to act for the best ln
tcreBts'of the company.
"Mr. Hays' policy In, the past has been
to make his road earn/as much as possi
ble and at the same time keep the ex
pense account within a reasonable figure.
By this I don't mean tha; needs have been
sacrificed for the sake of increased profits,
nor. salaries reduced at* the cost of good
officials. The. Hays policy, as I take it, is
to get the very most for the money. That
this plan, has been • successful it is but
necessary' to note Mr. Hays' record while
general manager of the Grand Trunk. Hia
rinanclal management of the affairs of
this great road was really remarkable.
"Do 'I think Hays will run the Pacific
Mall Company, too? Well." perhaps he can
tell you better. The Southern Pacific and
Pacific Mall are very closely affiliated
with one another now, and it would seem
only . natural' that the head of the one
company should take some interest-in the
affairs of the. other. -The talk about the
sale of "the Huntington estate's interests
in the Southern Pacific is all bosh."
Mr. Gates thinks the new president will
aim to strengthen, develop. and broaden
the railroad's lines wherever practicable,
all of 'which would be as much to the
advantage of California and San Fran
cisco as to the company;
Mr. Hays is now in St. • Louis. He wiil
be met by several officials of the com
pany at New Orleans sometime this week
and in company with them will make the
trip to this city. The date of his arrival
here is now fixed at about January 10.
H. K. Huntlngton and J. .C. Stubbs left
yesterday for New. Orleans and "William
Hood, chief engineer, starts to-night.
The secretary of the big railroad com
pany speaks very highly of the^company'a
new president, Charles M.' Hays, 'and pre
dicts a great future for the road under
his skillful management. Mr. Gates does
not anticipate • the early inauguration of
any sweeping changes or shake-ups in the
present . personnel of the Southern Pa
cific's big corps of managers.
I. E. Gates,- secretary of the Southern
Pacific, with offices In New York City, is
at the Palace. Mr. . Gates' trip to the
coast is a hurried one, and he will start
East again to-morrow. .He has come out
here to attend to the filing for probate of
the whl of the late Collis P. Huntlngton.
Mr. Gates is one of the executors of the
Will.
New President Will Survey ,th.e Field
. Carefully and Then Act : for
Best Interests of the
¦
Southern
Does Not Look for Sweep
ing Changes. .
GATES SAYS HAYS
WILL NOT HURRY
RISKS HER LIFE
TO SAVE ANOTHER
MiSS Birtha Smith Performs
an Act of Heroism at .
Cloverdale.
Hcrses Balk in Midstream and Driv
er's Timidity Hesults in a
Wet Christmas on
Dry Creek-
"Yes," rhimed in both of the men, "wait
until w* meet that driver and we won't
do a thing to him."
The three- returned to this city yester
day and were met at the ferry by a. group
of friends who had heard of the accident
and were caper to learn the details. Mod.
est Miss Smith was made to Dose as a
heroine by her brother and friend, but
lauRhinply remarked that she thought the
driver showed more "sense than any of the
others.
The wet and exhausted party started for
thev ranch. Their course lay for five miles
along the slippery bank of J>ry Creek,
where they were at ali times la Imminent
danger of losing their footing and again
findlnp themselves In danger of drowning.
Howwer, all safely reached the ranch,
thankful that they were alive to recount
the story of their adventures. Iiry cloth-
Ing was procured and after a warm meal
none felt any the worse for the experi
ence.
By this time Bradford, who had been
clinging to the wagon, managed to catch
hold of the rope, and started for shore
hand over hand. When about twenty feet
from the bank the rope, which had been
partially cut by the horse's hoofs, parted
and he was swept down stream for 200
yards. Smith and his sister ran along the
bank seeking a convenient spot to render
assistance. Bradford's strength was fast
failing, and he had been carried under
the surface twice when Miss Smith waded
boldly out into the stream and pulled him
toward the land. She lost her footing
when near the bank and both she and the
bonlface -would have drowned if Smith
had not managed to reach his slst*r and
haul her to land, she tenaciously cilnging
to Bradford's coat.
Both the other men retained their pres
ence of mind and Smith hastily fastened
a. long rope which lay In the bed of the
wa^on to a wheel and struck out for the
bank of the stream. After a hard strug
gle he reached land and then called upon
his sister to follow him. Without a mo
ment's hesitation the brave girl grasped
the roi>e and essayed the trip to safety.
She had nearly reached land when her
strength gave out, but she was grasped
by her brother just as she released her
hold and was being drawn back Into the
treacherous current.
During these exciting moments the
horses were floundering in the creek, part
of the time swept off their feet by the
swift stream, and both were becoming
badly tangled In the harness. Bradford
•rra« unwilling: to leave the animals to
drown and managed to release them from
the harness before trying to save him
self. One of the horses was swept under
the wapon. which overturned and hurled
Bradford into the water. After getting
clear of the wagon the horse became en
tangled in the rope by which' Smith and
his sister had reached shore and was
literally dragged to the bank of the
ttream.
Owing to the recent heavy rains, Dry
Creek, over which the party had to
pass, was a raging torrent, very deep
and about fifty leei in width. Marshall
drove his team boldly into the current
and when the center was reached the
water was flowing over the seats. At thle
point the horses balked and, according to
the members of the party, Marshall be
came so terrified that he called upon them
to save themselves, and Jumping into the
water swam back to shore.
On the day before Christmas, Bradford,
Smith and Miss Smith departed for the
George J. Smith ranch, twelve miles west
of Cloverdale. Arriving in town late In the
evenir.e. they waited until Christmas day
to ride </ut to the ranch, where they in
tended to spend a few days in fishing and
hunting. A team was engaged at the liv
ery stable of C. K. Humbert, with an em
ploye of the stable named Marshall as
driver.
There are three residents of this
city to whom Christmas of the year
1300 will always be a memorable
occasion. W. E. Bradford, proprietor
of the Commercial Hotel; Henry
J. Smith, a member of the well-known
ho'jse-paint'.as firm of George H. Smith
& Sons, and Miss Bertha Smith, his Fis
ter. came near losing their lives In the
swollen waters of a stream while on an
outing in the vicinity of Cloverdale In
Sonoraa County, throug-h what each de
nounces in unmeasured terms as the
cowardice of the driver of the wa^on In
which the party were being conveyed to
their destination. It is a thrilling tale of
raping waters, balky horses, terrorized
driver, broken life line and woman's hero
ism, and both of the men feel certain that
at lenM two of the party would not to-day
be alive to tell the tale were it not for the
heroism of the woman.
THE SAN FKAISClfeCO CAJLJJ, THUHSDAY, JDiiUEMlJEK 3 5>0l>.
12
ADV£KTZS£M£37TS.
ADV^BTISEMEUTS.
* Wondering
about that present ? Suppose
you go' down this line.
Crockery
Glassware
• Fancyware
Jardlneres
Lamps— Ornaments
Silverware
Busts— Figures
. . Dinner Sets
Fish Sets
' Game ' Se ts
Onyx Tables
.Gups, Saucers
Plates, Salad
Sets, Borry
Sets, Toilet
Sets Vases
Clocks, Steins
Everything that's Beau-
tiful for Christmas
Our Prices
. i. ¦ ¦ ' - .
v J ust Like Finding Money.
Great American Imp orlini Tea Go.
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Ave., bet. Post and 8ntt*is;
_ 861 Market St., opp. Powell.
l+O Sixth St. • 1410 Polk St.
112 Third St. I8I9Dev!«adero6t.
148 Ninth 6t. 2008 Fillmor© 8t.
8006 Sixteenth St. 621 Montgomery AW
8510 Mission St. '3289 Mleclon St.
70fl Larkln 6t. 2732 24th St.
865 Hayes 6 1. 475 Halftht St.
, fc •'-> ' 62 Market St. ."
OAKLAND STORKS.
1058 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1188 23rd Are. : 616E.I2thSt.
•.V: 1510 Seventh St. *,
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St. ;
„'. SAN RAPAEL-B St.. neap PoortK
Thl' l WNN i 'REGLININ6;MlR;^
A Handsome Christmas Jjl&gMjr
F.Boy and Comfortable. r$[$lMi
•;..% Price $15. Come and see it. ;
W/ a. schkpek,
,¦'"'¦¦ 19 New Montgomery Street.
lil Hints to %.
u Musical /e
AkPcople^
S S. S. Stewart Banjos, ?t
•A Geo. Bauer Guitars Jj
X[ and Mandolins. M
\Yj Ttieee taoou lnstrnment* x.'Sr*.
5S, make moet acceptable holiday ;5> /
C j presents, because of their ex- Mi'
(\U of Hence, as they can readily bo ) .Ti
i . V rlassed 8telntray Pianos, \*/ r )
{ ¦ ft Est '-y Orvans. Courtols Band In- y*, t
« „' etrumrats. etc j f«W
)J?[ Every Instrument Is registered, »M£
(\ t ) "numbered and bean« a personally jlxj*
j Ijj tigrned guarantee from the jnak- , . ip.
%{ REGINA MUSIC BOXES. %
\ U] These oe-lebrated music boxes jw/
\^ ere made in a. number of Btylea \ V^
<V^ &nd sizes from no up to S3SO. hf
% tfi Thf y are practically the only UV*>
/ I music boxes for the home and 2/ I
/¦ } play thousands cf tunes, uslnt; &,[
WjJf interchangeable *te*l tune Yw!J
nrV. eheets. rtf
\ Y\ Inspect the opper floors of Ii7\
)%i Sherman, Clay A Co., where you if \
\\&f vill find many things of Inter- \ \
jQ£ eft to musically Inclined peopl*. m \I
\S: Sherman, Clay & Co. }$
.t% Stein way Piano Dealers, $j
VJL* Cor. Knnr A Botter «t»^ 6. V. \tL
Ksf Cor. Uth & Broadway, Oakland. \ y
\ vj- Cor " Park & w*»u a « ton » Port ~ j9\
\\J 711 Second avenue, fiealtt*. . J/ 1
\ CUSuSmt -JcL J*V. . W*^
BEFORE STOCK-TAKING
SALE.
TO-DAY we begin to close out a lot
of odds and ends taken from different
departments.
Flrnt lot ¦ contains .*. '
about ¦ . . '<••%-*
27 Golf Skirts, fe%
dark gray, onlr; regular sTs- »^H
price $3— closing out ... ,^r^ C^v.-
Price. ' . ' VS^ _.<V
$1.50. rajRvA
Becond lot contains j\ '* i i \
about • 7"Jf Vf'-'C I X\ l I'Al
39 Flannel '\a^J j
Gowns, . JfjHl/
all eizea; - closing out' • Jpl|il=~3 a
Third lot contains j^pfsj=sg^fij|^
48 Children's ." : ',I^^BRc
, Jackets, ATT^O'
slsei 2, to 8; different - \\ I \
'styles, '¦ grood colors; )1 I •
some of these have 'been " "¦' J.XX " " ' *
sold aa high as $5— dos- .*- '
¦lngr' out ' price ' ' ¦ ' ' ' \a '
$1.25.
Fourth lot contains about .
II Doz.. Silk Handkerchiefs.
¦ silk embroidered . w edres— regular price ; 15c .
each— closing out price.'... 3 for 25c
Fifth lot* contains about
73 Women's' Flannel Wrappers, :
_^ - collar ' and cuffs
tfJLsS ¦ ¦ trimmed, with -.braid ;'
.JjHri* Q Cc "Wrt flounced or plain;
/ ir-VAj' ¦ waist : lined » (see " plc-
. . ture); •¦• rcrular price
• *-— ' -^^^y^te^? "¦ 2&— cloelnc out price
Ml; h ¦jl/i'UU Bl * th - Jo*"' contains
* faF/S&r '- 29 WOMEN'S
> *&<3tf>' HAND-CROCHETED
. Mtfttfc '. WORSTED: SKIRTS;
; • * w «ft made • of best; quality •'
? « I ¦ German yarn ; all* ool- '
; jjj J ¦ 1" - ¦ ore; regular price $2 —
; Jj I * closing out price
fjfl W
J ////'/' r \. > '._:'' Seventh ¦ lot contains
JwdMitl mVL - * doien MACHINE- -
KNIT WOMEN'S
t/nmWCvi^Ah SKIRTS; .
JiMhPfln '¦'¦•li'Vr knee length; all colors,
''TiaS//'/'' Hiii* (see, picture) ; s regular
UfP*^ . price BOc — closing: out*
Pl " 3pc;
1212-1214 MARKET^ ST.,
. •"./ Bet.*, Ta jlor and Jor «i. .,
. ¦ MAIL 0BDER8 RBCBIVBP. ,.
THE? CIDCT
'^^^s. . 1 nc rlKSI
W1H pccelve that handsome Wln-
j^^^g^^^^^^^T tcr Reefer* which you see plc-
i^^^^^^^^^^Sl $&r tured opposite, to fit little chapa
«J^^^^^^^M between the a£cs of 3 nnd 8
/ — '&{ . V^* i, Not more than one to any one
* I v. -¦ j customer*
NEWYEAR'S
SPECIALS
THESE PRICES REMAIN
GOOD UNTIL JANUARY 1
HAMS, Ib I2ic
Finest Eastern tug^r-enred; regularly 14c.
EGGS, Fresh Ranch, doz 4Qc
FINNAN HADDIES, Ib 15c
New shipment Scotch Flanaa Haddtes.
MAPLE SUGAR, Ib 15c
Guaranteed pure; regularly 20c.
PORT and SHERRY, bot 25c
gallon $1.00
Choice old catlv* wines; regularly 40c ar.J
lisa
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, bar 25c
The genuine imported White C&stllo Soap;
regularly 30c.
YELLOWSTONE WHISKEY,
full 4t. bot. $1.00, gallon $4,00
An old established brand of high quality;
regularly $1 25 and J5.
SARDINES (boneless). 2 tins 2(c
French Sardine* packed In finest Olive Oil.
MANTLES, each 20c
For Welsbach Gas Lights; guaranteed to b<)
tbe best and strongest ever made. (SO
candle power.) Regularly 23c
CIGARS, KEY WEST—
11 Perla de Santiago," each 5c
box of 50 $2,25
A clear Havana Cigar. Worth doable the
price.
A COMPLETE LIXE OF ALX, THE LEAD-
ING BRANDS OF IMPORTED AND KET
WEST CIGARS.
COUNTRY 0RDEH3 RECEIVE PROMPT
ATTENTION. CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
Telephone, Main 5522.
( CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. /
/ Cooking Stoves. \
7 TV© have the stoves, and {
I the prices are the very low- 1
\ est. See— /
) COOKING tQ 0(1 lin \
I STOVES fromOvJiUU Up 1
j Heating Stoves Just as /
/ cheap In price— quality the \
I beet. All guaranteed. I
) THE J. NOONAN (
\ FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.. I
i 1017-1023 MISSION STREET I
V ABOVE SIXTH. /
/ Phos* South 14. Open evenings. |
80 Days Only, %
Mono/i
on All Plates. Crowns and h
Brldfcework. __ ||
IFilllnfcs, 30c Crown«,«3.S0 "
Plates. «S.OO Full Set $\
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 1}
24 Sixth Street. $
DR.MCNULTY.
' rr»HT,S WteLL-K^O WK AND RELIABLE OLD
r I Specialist cure* Blood Poison, (Jonorrhcea, GWc
, fitrtetnns Seminal Weakne».Imjx>tfnc« and tb«ir
. allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Man. fre*.
• OTerSOyearV experience/Terms reasonable. Hoar*.
»to3d»UT:«:30to*.30eT 1 g!«.San<UT».10tors.Conjial-
UUontreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
1 P.BO8COE3ffeXUI/Hr,H.D.
• 26 ii KearayBU San Frnnelsce, CeX