Continued on Sscond Page.
Continued en Sscond Page.
Republicans come to the 'soldier nnd tell
him that the Republican party Is the only
protector of the soldier I want the soldier
to remember that they do not pay big
pensions whenever they get Into a coun
try where they have a' big standing army.
Whenever this nation begins to rely upon
a great standing army. It will neglect the
volunteers, v Whenever a trust magnate
has to choose between supporting a big
array and paying, liberal pensions he , will
support 'i the : big ; army - and let the. pen*
isloner go. If a foreign nation should sena
Its fleet} to attack us every- one of you
would be willing to take his gun and fight
until' the^invader was 'driven, out; but a
foreign idea Is Invading .us— an ,'idea: that
will destroy, the; principles of government
as .we have understood • those ¦ principles,
an, idea- that'f will "convert* a -republic Into
an empire.',".;
'¦; Mr.' Bryan* spoke "on general; lines 'at
Boonetown - and his speech was well : re
ceived. V, ,'-\i .:¦;.:; .
"Mr.* Bryan's .'Paterson meeting was in
¦On May ,16, 1S36, Charles M. Hays was
born in Rock Island, 111. When only 17
years old he entered the service of the
"Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company as
a' brakeman, it is said: Four months
after meeting this employment he was In
vested with a small clerkship' In the office
of the general superintendent' of the road.
Young Hays "may have spent hla spare
moments in dreams of a glorious career,
but* he certainly spent his working, hours
in ¦ doing" real > work.' He applied ' himself
with I all his' energy ; to ' learning . what r . he
could about the railroad When
Mr. Hays has handed ' in his resigna
tion from his position with the Grand
Trunk, but will not assume his duties as
president, of the Southern Pacific until
January . 1. ; 1901." -
of American roads. Sir Charles Rivers
Wilson, president of the Grand Trunk. Is
not reckoned a practical transportation
man. He lives in London and the operat
ing management of the road Is the func
tion of "Mr. Hays, who lives In Montreal.
CHARLES MELVILLE HAYS,' GENERAL MANAGER OF THE GRAND
TRUNK RAILWAY, WHO WILL SUCCEED THE LATE COLLIS P.
HUNTINGTONAS PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
he caused much laughter when he told of
the "danger of eighty-six one-hundre«Uhs
of a mar; t0 every thousand of our popu
lation."
Governor Roosevelt began his address
by faying he was proud to be on the plat
form with Secretary Fairchild, for he
said:
"Wherever I have been in this cam
paign I have had with me man after man, j
v ho, though a life-long Democrat, de- j
clined to follow his party when that party j
fell under the leadership that was false
to all the earlier traditions of the party; ;
when that party fell under leadership I
that sought to lead it into the path of
national dishonor at home and abroad,
and old soldiers like General Brags; of
V'isconsin, gallant Dan Sickles and Franz
Siegel here in New York and their no less
gallant opponents who wore the gray, like
General Buckner and General Basil Duke,
left It because the Spanish war stamped
out the last lingering vestige of division
In this country and left us in fact as in
name a reunited nation. And the valiant
men who wore the blue and the no less
valiant men who wore the gray naturally
corae with us when we stand for the hon
es.ty of our people at home and against
the degradation of the flag abroad."
On the subject of Mr. Bryan and Mr.
Croker the Governor said:
"Mr. Bryan comes to this State as the
guest of Mr. Croker. Mr. Bryan comes to
this State pleading loyalty to the mem
ory of Jefferson and associating with Mr.
CroUer. Jefferson's statement was that
the whole art of government consisted in
being honest. Mr. Croker's gloss upon
that statement is that he is in politics for
his pocket every time. I am not slan
dering Mr. Croker; I am merely quoting
him. In Andrew* Jackson's day Democ
racy spelled hard money, expansion and
the honor of the flag. And who have the
right to report and remember Jackson
now? The men who stand for the dishonor
of the flag, lor the debasement of the cux
iency, for contraction of its national lim
its? No. The party that stands for an
honest dollar; the party that stands' for
keeping the flag hoisted in the Philip
pines, as it shall be."
Governor Roosevelt then plunged into
the issues of the campaign, starting out
with free sliver and following the lines
of his many addresses on this subject.
He then touched the present prosper
ity of the country and how Mr. Bryan's
prophecies regarding the gold standard
had turned out to be wrong and con
demning him for raising a feeling of envy
In the minds of the working class against
the capitalists. On this point he said:
"No greater evil, my fellow-countrymen,
can be done in this nation of ours than to
teach any group of Americans that their
attitude should be one of sullen hatred
and distrust to their fellows. That teach
ing means to nullify the work of a cen
tury and a quarter of statesmen who have
built up their works here. Before our
time there had been so-called republics in
which the rich oppressed the poor; there
bad been so-called republics in which the
people had plundered the rich. It has
been our boast that in this great repub
lic each man stands on his rights as a
man, demanding no more than his lights
and being refused no chance to receive
his rights." • •
GHOST OF IMPEBIALISM.
On imperialism the Governor said:
"Our opponents talk of the dangers of
Imperialism. There Is but one danger to
free institutions in this country and that
would be by the general prevalence of the
doctrines, the seeds of which 'Mr." Bryan
has been sowing. Only in that way will
there ever be a chance of losing the lib
erty that we have inherited from those
who went before us. And now, Mr. Bryan
asks us to give up prosperity, he asks
us to dishonor the flag, he asks us to give
up our orderly liberty under the law,. for
what? For the sake of the most shadowy
ghost that ever was raised to frighten
political children— the ghost of imperial-
Ism.
"Here in this building a week ago Mr.
Bryan repeated 'what he either knows or
ought to know to be an absolute slander,
when he ' said : that" our little army had
been created with the purpose of putting
WILL SOON AGREE UPON
JACKSON'S SUCCESSOR
Senators Bard and Perkins Decide to Voice
Their Views on .the San Francisco
Coilectorsbap. •?
SANTA ANA, Oct. 26.— When Senators Perkins and Bard . arranged in San
Francisco to meet In Southern California it was understood by both that they
would here settle the question of the Collectorshlp of the Port of San Fran
cisco. . .
Indications are that some prominent business man of S*n : Francisco who
Is not at the present time In the Federal service will be recommended to 1 the
President. .
Senator Bard said this evening to a Call representative: "The matter of
the Indorsement of a candidate for Collector of . the Port of San Francisco
has not been decided upon by. Senator Perkins and myself; neither has It been
mentioned In any manner for some tl^mc. I feel sure, however, that' Senator
Perkins will bring the matter up to T morrow, or next day at the furthest,
when, I presume, a decision will be arrived at." .-\
¦m -m EW YORK. Oct. 26.— The South-
H^fewj era Pacific Conmany's financiers
| have at length found a president
• for their corporation. Charles M.
Hays, general manager of the Grand
Trunk Railway, Is their choice, and will
be formally elected to succeed the late
Collis P. Huntlngton by the board of di
rectors next week. Like his predecessor.
Mr. Hays has risen to this Important po
sition through his own capacity and grit.
The former came into the world the son
of an itinerant tinker, and from a farm
hand -and a country peddler became a
railroad king of thf New World. The lat
ter, has' fought his "way upward in the
railroad service only by the same execu
tive power and willingness to keep hard
at work, which carried both men to suc
cess," and Mr. Hays is a young man yet.
He leaves a most prominent position in
the' railway world of Canada to accept
Mr. Huntington's vacant chair. As gen
eral manager of the Grand Trunk hia du
ties have been those that fall upon the
shoulders 'of the president in the service
"I knew from the circumstances of. the
cheering at the time that there were some
Democrats there. I have confidence in
those people who fight when the country
needs fighters and who go back to work
and work when the country needs work
ers. I believe that we can rely upon the
citizen soldier, that we do not want or
need a great standing army, and if the
Continuing, Mr. Bryan said:
There were evidently a number of the
ex-soldiers In • thai crdwd; jmd they, ajrain
cheered as they had done in the old days
in Florida. " . . \ ;..-/; ,--. •;;'¦¦ *:
"I had never learned to love the volun
teer, but I learned to love him when I
came in contact with him in the Spanish
war. I believe that this nation can rest
upon the volunteers. I found down in
Florida a regiment from this State. I got
acquainted with- the New 'Jersey boys at
that- time, and I believe you had a com
pany from this town. I remember them
because whenever I went into their camp
they : joined in three cheers." j
teers to the Cuban war, and said In this
connection:
- .While the local officials. of the Southern
Pacific have not as yet. received any con
firmation of the report.' still they take It
for granted that the uwt Is correct and
Vice President Stiibbs was frank to admit
that" he had. suspected that lit. Hays
would be the choice of the committee for
several weeks past. • .'
- "When. Mr. Hays was first mentioned
two or three weeks ago," said Mr." Stubbs.
"I made up my mind that he could have
the place if he wanted It. Notwithstand
ing all the speculation that has been rife
since the death of Mr. Huntlngton. to
gether with the endless number of prob
able candidates who have been mentioned.
I think Mr. Hays Is the only man who
has been offered the position."
The selection of Hays is a popular
choice with local railroad officials. That
the selection has been made purely on the
strength of merit seems certain, as Hays
was no one man's candidate, nor was he
the chosen favorite Df any one or more
directors or bondholders -In the company.
It is stated that the selection of Hays
Is unanimous with the directors, so that
the confirmation of his name will be
merely a matter of course.
Mr. Hays' management of the Grand
Trunk Railway system has shown him to
be a believer in a liberal policy for plac
ing a road upon the very, highest plane of
perfection. He would spare no expense
to equip a road with every facility for
quick transportation. The department of
Improvements, extensions, etc., of the
Southern Pacific has always been oper
ated from the financial office of the com
pany In New York and the tendency haj
been to keep down the expenses of the
department. According to an official of
the company $1,000,000 or more could b«
' advantageously expended In grading and
extension work, and there Is a strong
feeling that one of the first moves of the
'new president will be to make some radi
cal changes in the present policy of this
department.
With His Knowledge of Railroading
He Will Improve the Service.
¦ The first Information of Mb. Hays' se
lection . as president by the special com
mittee having the naming of Collls P.
Huntlngton' s successor was received in
this city about. 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon. The word was quickly passed along
the line and five minutes later it was the
all-absorbing topic in. the big 1 yellow
building oh Montgomery- street as well &a
in all the agency- offices along Market
street. . ' 'T ¦*'
Chairman Charles H. Tweed of the
Southern Pacific directorate said to-day
that Mr. Hays would assume his new
work at the beginning of the new year,
with headquarters in San Francisco.
HATS IS A HARD WORKEE.
In this position his ability had of course
a broader scope. The Wabash, St.
Louis and Pacific had been In the
hands of a receiver since he had been
In its service. In 1S8D the system was spilt
up. That part of it comprising lines
west of th« Mississippi became reorgan
ized into the Wabash Western Railway
Company, and the promoters of reorgani
zation had to choose a general manager.
Young Mr. Hays had attracted attention
by the capacity shown in helping to man'
age the old road, and the new place was
given to him. He proved thoroughly ca
pable of it, and two years later, when the
old system was reunited and the present
Wabash Railroad Company came Into
existence, he became its general manager.
On April 1. 1SS4. he left the Missouri
Pacific to become secretary to the gen
eral manager of the old Wabash, St.
Louis and Pacific road. Here his career
of rapid advancement really seemed to
set in. His application and grasp of rail
road problems won him golden opinions,
and a year and a half later, when only
in his thirtieth year, the cleric of com
paratively a brief time ago found him
self assistant general manager of the
road. ¦*'.-•
he had barely attained his majority he
was made secretary to the general man
ager of the Missouri Pacific. There he
remained for about seven years. It was
an admirable post In which to get a thor
ough practical knowledge of railway man
agement.
•¦•'; Mr., Bryan* referred -to, the, .fact- that
Dover had supplied a company : of. ,volun-
Mr. Bryan expressed himself as highly
gratified with the Jer3ey campaign. Mr.
Bryan will make a brief run into Con
necticut to-morrow, speaking at New
Haven and Bridgeport; and will return to
participate in the meeting of the Demo
cratic clubs in New York City to-morrow
night. Mr. Bryan made the longest stop
of the day at Dover. He spoke at that
place for about an hour and addressed
a large crowd, which listened to him at
tentively. He. referred in this speech to
criticisms of himself tolthe effect that he
made charges for his campaign 'speeches.
On this subject he saul:
• "According to the Republicans my farm
is not my only source of income. "They
say, that I am so avaricious that 'when I
am a candidate for President I will not
make a speech unless 1 am paid several
hundred dollars. They aJ so ' say, that I
am so ambitious that I would spend all I
have to be President. ; It is hard recon
cile the two' stories. II you are interested
In knowing the facts .1 can tell you that/I
have been able to muke a living 'under
a. Democratic administration and r . under
Republican administrations and I think
I shall be able to make a*- better living
under a Republican administration .'than
most of the Republicans who will be re
sponsible for the administration, .but I
want to tell you that every dollar that 1
have made in the last four years has been
made out of the Voluntary payment by
people for what, they] bought and .wanted.
I published a book -and nobody bought it
unless he wanted to buy it. I have writ
ten articles for the newspapers. Nobody
read them unless lie wanted to. I have
delivered lectures and nobody came,un
less he wanted to come. Every dollar
that I made has been made. in that way.
But If I were the .attorney for a trust
and collected, from a people who paid,in
voluntarily I would be a good man in
the eyes of the Republicans...! need not
tell you that I receive no money" for cam
paign speeches^ If the people of a commu
nity-pay any money when I have a meet
ing If Is to meet ' expenses ' of the meet
ing, in some cases people have paid the
expenses of. the train on which Itravel
as It goes' from town to town.". If any Re
publican complains : of that you tell him
that a man who rides -on a: train must
either get a pass over the' railroad or. pay
his fare and ; I would . rather^the people
would pay for the" train and leave me in
dependent than to have* the; railroad com
pany furnish it and then own ine after the
election.'.' ¦"„. . . • -
Mr. Bryan dwelt; at: some, length in his
Dover speech f on the trustquestlon and In
referring to the Standard Oil -Company said
that 'company, is; . through ; its 'power; as a
monopoly,', extorting "^enough: money from
the ; people at \ large to i pay ¦ annual dlvi r
dpnds i amounting, to; $50,000,000 upon : an
original (capital ; of { $100,000.000. : -'
. ful one in thiit the crowds which
he addressed were^bolh' attentive and of
fair size, but the. majority of them were
neither so largenor as demonstrative as
those of New York.V ro-day was given up
to a' section of New Jersey which is pop
ulated largely by people who' do business
in fNew York /City, '.. ¦ ;,.'¦; .;.V
' The tour was marle^ over. the Delaware
aii'l Lackawanna JRe*/road, the. most dis
tant'point touched' Seising Dover," ['t or ty
miles south of N^wTork.^'TKe^: other
towns at which s'peeclies were" made were
Hoboken, ' Harrison; ; Orange; ; Summit.'
Morris'town, Boonetown.'' Paterson, Belle
ville and Newark, three speeches being
made at the latter place. In reality Mr.
Bryan's Thursday work extended Into, the
day. for he did not retire this morning
until about 2 o'clock s>iid one of the most
pleasant occasions of last night was the
last of the series. When he reached hi3
hotel in Hoboken, after his carriage tour
of the city, he found about 500 German cit
izens awaiting his arrival. They insisted
upon tendering him a serenade and sang
several songs of the Fatherland.
¦™ »EW YORK. Oct. 26.— William J.
PP^^R Bryan to-day concluded hla cam
a paign tour /of th'o State . of New
*• * Jersey. The day was a success-
General Manager of the Grand Trunk to Become
• Chief Executive of the Southern Pacific.
CHARLES M. HAYS WILL
PROBABLY BE PRESIDENT
CANDIDATE BRYAN TALKS
OF TRUSTS AND THE ARMY
In One of His New Jersey Speeches the Nebras
kan Says He Learned to Love the Volunteer.
Governor Roosevelt's reception, in New York City last night aroused greater enthusiasm than
any previous event in the campaign. Features in the magnificent series of demonstrations were the speech
of the candidate for Vice President, the parade of 50,000 Republicans, the dazzling display of fireworks,
music by many bands and a chorus of 5OOO voices.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— This city ,
overflowed with Republican en
thusiasm to-night on the occa
sion of the reception arranged
for Governor Roosevelt, candi-
Cato of the party for Vice President. Be
ginning with the arrival at the Grand
Central station on the minute of the
schedule lime. 5:00 o'clock, until along
toward midnight, when the Rough Rider
Governor wer.t, tired and weary, to his
Bister's home for the night, there was
6uch a series of receptions, such a burn
leg of fireworks, such electrical displays
and such volleys of eloquence as are sel
dom seen in New York. It was the climax
of the candidate's tour of many thousands
of miles, and his friends and admirers
made the streets ring with their shouts of
welcome home.
The doors of Madison Square Garden
were opened to tlie public at 5 o'clock.
The big amphitheater was surrounded by
policemen, drawn up in single file on the
curb, while insid» the building were scores #
of bluecoats.
, Outside the garden, waiting for the
f ppcnlJig of the doors, was an orderly
crowd. There was no rushing or con
fusion. Inside were two regimental bands,
one at each end of the garden. They con
tinually played, alternating daring the
three hours' wait. Popular airs were
played mostly and were loudly cheertd.
Frequently campaign songs were sung by
three <juartets.
The decorations weryprof use. the^ stars
and stripes predominating. The speakers'
t-tand was draped with bunting, and di
rectly beneath the front rail were the coat
of arms of the State. Serving a double
purpose of a decoration and a sounding
board were huge sheets of yellow and
white burning, which completely covered
the iron girders. In every seat was a
small American flag to which was
fastened a button of Governor Roosevelt
In his Rough Rider uniform. _ Mo?t of
the M»«-o -were occupied by appointments.
The groups e,f paraders began to reach
the square soon after 8 o'clock and as
each contingent arrived there was more
cheerii:g and more burning of Greek fire
and rockets. There were some little ac
cidents caused by overanxious crowds
rushing from one attraction to another,
but nothing serious was reported in tnis
line.
Every invention in the pyrotechnic line
was utilized and come of the displays took
the crowd by storm. Great set pictures
of the "Full Dinner Pail" and representa
tions of President McKinley and Governor
Roosevelt were cheered vigorously. Th©
Democratic inuto^cope on the Bartholdi
Hotel was at work all the time throwing
mottoes on the Dewey arch, on the clouds
and on the walls of the buildings around
the square, but he Republicans ignored it.
Another feature was the' playing of many
bands in unison, directed by a searchlight
and the va^t chorus singing.
One thousand policemen were on duty
about Madison Square and in the Garden.
They kept the crowd under perfect con
trol from the outside. A way was kept
open frcm the hotel up Fifth avenue to
Twenty-sixth street. The people were
kept back to the curb. Governor Roose
velt came out of the hotel at 7:50 o'clock
and got into his carriage. He was recog
nized M once, and until he got into the
Garden and for some minutes afterward
he was cheered and cheered. He stood
nearly all the way to the Garden and
bowed to the crowd.
PROLONGED APPLAUSE.
The Goi'ernor reached Madison Square
Garden at 7:5S o'clock. The cheering out-
Fide made this fact known to those within
and there were expectant cries of "Here
he comes!" The audience stood waving
flags and cheering when the Governor ap
peared. There was a gTeat tumult. Bands
were playing hard to make their music
heard, but except to those Immediately
alongside they might have kept silent, < .
The party went to the speakers' stand.
The Governor was followed by Senator
1'latt. When the Governor got to his
place on the front of the stand the aji
p!au£e was deafening. General Francis
V. Greene, life chairman, tried to get or
dor. but the crowd cheered the louder.
The Governor stood quietly beside the
chairman. The applause lasted nine min
utes.
Genera! Greene introduced the Gover
nor as the strongest advocate of the ad
ministration's policy in the Philippines.
Another ovation followed as the Gover
i or raised his hand to command atten
tion. He began his address with the
word.-;. "My fellow Americans." He re
ferred to Mr. Bryan's %-lsit to the State
and th* reception prepared by Tammany
Hall, and the audience groaned and
"Good for you. TeflfljT soak it to 'cm'."
yelled a maii high up. Many like expres
sions came from other parts of the Gar
den. His reference to Mr. Croker's fam
ous remark about "Working for his own
rocket all the time" brought ftrth the
try. "You're all right, Teddy!"
Governor Roosevelt ridiculed Mr. Bry
an's attitude on every public question.
"Sal; into him; give him the mischief:"'
roared a man.
The audience kept up incessant cheer
ing. The famous baseball crank who Is
iknown as "Well, well" had a seat up-
Mairjs. and, of course, he was much in evi
dence.
BOOSEVEXT'S TELLING WORDS.
¦Worn the Governor took up militarism
"Ladles and gentlemen," he begun.
'.'This building seems to be filled with^a
new audience. Fellow Americans, I want
to say to you that 1 am gratified. I have
finished my speech.- I am, however, go
ing to bay just one more word. Mr. Bryan
is in doubt about the paramount issue.
I'll tell you what it Is. The paramount
Mr. Richards was interrupted by a club
of' 500" Rough Riders, who marched In
with a band at their head and bringing
with them a big crowd from the street,
all yelling for "Teddy." ' The Governor
was still on the platform and at last
arose and stepped to the edge. He held
up his hand for silence and In less than
a minute a pin might have been heard tc
drop. :¦ :^'-
GOVERNOR AGAIN TALKS.
The last address of the evening was de
livered by John K. Richard?, Solicitor
General of the United States.
Governor Hlack was followed by Senator
W.. P. Frye of Maine. His text was "The
Spanish Treaty and Its Results."
Former Governor Frank S. Black, the
next speaker, attacked the record of the
Democratic party regarding the colored
race and said that the hand that has de
graded the negro was now seeking to
stultify the constitution to protect the
Filipino savage.
B. B. Odell Jr., candidate for, Governor
of New York, followed Mr. Fairchild, ac
cusing Mr. Bryan of concealing the main
issue of the campaign— the financial ques
tion—behind expansion, imperialism, mili
tarism and trusts.
Partial order was secured, and he fin
ished with little applause, except* at the
close. A lot of young men from the Col
lege of the City of ' New York at this
point insisted on calling for three cheers
for Roosevelt, and the cheers were given
with much enthusiasm. .
¦ An exodus from the garden began at
the close of the Governor's- address. The
noise almost drowned Mr. Falrchlld's
voice. -He could not be heard fifty feet
distant.
OTHEB SPEAKERS APPEAR.
"It is not alone Republicans who deter
mine that no man of Bryan's character or
representing the disorder which he stands
for be President of the United States.
Thousands of Democrats who believe in
the maintenance of law and order. In hon
esty in llnance and in the Independence
of the judiciary will this year vote for
McKinley. For, however much they have
differed from Republicans In the past or
may differ from them in some issues now,
yet they see* their duty in the face of such
a disaster as the election of Mr. Bryan,
and they desire to make his defeat so
decisive that the menace to the business
of the country involved by Bryan'e recur
ring, candidacy may be forever removed.
No one is ' better qualified to j speak ' for
the sound money Democrats of this great
financial center than the Secretary of the
Treasury in Mr. Cleveland's first admin
istration." ¦ .
After appealing to the audience to sup
port the Republican policy, Governor
Kocsevelt concluded by intrcylucing ex-
Senator Fairchild in the following words:
The Governor then referred to the at
titude of the soldier In the Spanish war,
eulogizing the volunteer as he has many
times in his speeches.
"Five years ag-o when I was Police
Commissioner — I understand that several
of my fellow citizens runember Uw fact—
when I was Police Commissioner I asked
for and obtained an increase of 2000 mem
bers of the force for the present borough
of Manhattan alone. I asked for and ob
tained without a word of protest or a
thought from any one that his liberties
were to be endangered a much larger
body cf men than would have been ob
tained now by giving the borough of Man
hattan its proportion of the re&Mar
army, and no human being has any right
to feel afraid of those soldiers unless he
Is also afraid of the police."
It in forts to overawe worklngmen of our
great cities. Gentlemen, there are 65,000
regular soldiers In the United States.
Gi eater Xew York would be entitled, ac
cording to population, to about 2500 sol
diers, less 'than a third of the police in"
the city.
New. York's Welcome to Governor Roosevelt a Fitting Cli
max to His four of Many Thousands of Miles— At
Madison Square Garden Ringing Addresses
Are Made by Leaders.
MAGNIFICENT SERIES
OF RECEPTIONS TO THE
NEXT VICE PRESIDENT
VOLUME LXXXVIII-.NO. 149.
* SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; OCTOBER r 27, 1900.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
(With Apologies to the Memory of Washlngt on.)
BRYAN GF?OSSING THE DELAWARE.
The San Francisco CallThose who are fond of traveling (and who In
net) will hall with delight the, news of a direct
ettamehlp" rqute to Tahiti. This charming; land
ha« until now been accessible only by slow
calling veuiels. but on' November 1st the popu
lar steamship Australia will sail direct, mak
in* the trip in 10V4 days. A reduced round-trip
rate has been made for .the first trip. Call at
642 Market street for Balling list •
Papeete the Beautiful.
BERLIN, Oct. .26.— The; Bavarian Gov
ernment has ordered the rebuilding of the
tombs of . the '¦' ancient ' German • Emperors
in ¦. the Cathedral of Spires. ¦-¦ The Hohen
stauffens and the rulers of the Salic dyn
asty; will rest In a fine new crypt in suit
able sarcophagi. SBSf
Tombs to Be Rebuilt.
:.. GUTHRIE, O; T., Oct. 26.-Walter J.
Bruner, secretary of the Bruner Hardware
Company, Kansas City, while ; hunting in
the Creek Nation -was killed to-day. by the
accidental : discharge of a reVolver. . The
tragedy occurred about 100 miles . east of
this:, city. •-The- body ¦¦will be shipped to
Kans.as City for, burial.
Accidentall7 Killed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— All arrange
ments are now completed, for the recep
tion to be tendered W. J. Bryan by the
National Association of Democratic
Clubs to-morrow night. All the Demo
cratic clubs In the city as well as a num
ber from Connecticut will take part In
the demonstration. Meetings are to be
held at Cooper Union, the Broadway Ath
letic Club and Madison Sauare Garden.
Before the speaking begins Mr. Bryan
and his party will witness a special dis
play of fireworks, which will be given In
Madison Square. In this square "have
been erected eight different stands from
which meetings will be addressed simul
taneously, while on the cross streets a
number of speakers, will address thy
crowds from trucks placed there for that
purpose. . ¦-.-. •'.-'¦
The Madison Square • Garden meeting
will begin at 7:30 o'clock with speeches by
David B. Hlll.Bourke Cockran, Senator
Wellington and Anson Phelps Stokes,
while In the meantime Mr. Brj'an will be
driven through the lines of Democratic
clubs -to the Broadway Athletic Club.
Cooper Union and Madison Square Gar
den. AH along. this route meetings to the
number of seventy-five will be in progress
and Mr, Bryan is scheduled to speak from
his carriage at twenty . of the meetings.
His . Madison | Square ' Garden speech | will
occupy about an hour and twenty min
utes and the Democratic candidate ex
pects to reach his hotel before midnight.
FOR THE BRYAN" RECEPTION".
NEW YORK, Oct. Z7.-Mr. Bryan ar
rived at the Hoffman House at 12:30 this
(Saturday) morning and retired imme
diately. He Is in excellent condition. •
Bryan in New York.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 26.-AdlaI E.
Stevenson was to-night given a tremend
ous ovation at Westside Turner. Hall
which was ¦ packed to overflowing by an
audience of over 3000 persons, Mr. Ste
venson was preceded by Louis G. Bohm
ricn, candidate for Governor of -Wiscon
sin, who was also ¦well received.
Ovation to Stevenson.
some respects the most notable of the day
and the street exhibition was exceptional.
He was conducted from the railway sta
tion to the courthouse in an open car
riage, a distance of a mile or more,
through the principal streets, and received
an ovation trom one end of the route to
the other. Most of the houses were dec
orated with flags and bunting and the
windows almost without exception were
tilled with women, who . vigorously flut
tered handkerchiefs and flags at the can
didate as he rode by. The crowd in the
street was very enthusiastic and when the
speaking took place Mr. Bryan encoun
tered a veritable ocean of human beings.
The crowd was so dense that he found it
extremely difficult to reach the stand, and
was so extensive that It was impossible
to make himself heard to the outskirts.
The speech at Paterson touched upon the
general issues of the campaign and- was
freely applauded as it progressed. ' He
talked on the trust question, but made no
reference to local conditions. In the
course of his discussion of the trust ques
tion Mr. Bryan said:
"You cannot afford to take away from
the man who tolls the prospect of pro
motion due to his own merit. When you
have a monopoly there and no necessity
for making the best article at the lowest
price, and you have a monopoly, you will
find you will get inferior goods at a
higher price. You will retard the ad
vancement that was marked in the prog
ress of the industries of this country. I
am not willing that such a system phall
stand, and therefore I will promise and do
promise that If Intrusted with the office
of the chief executive of the nation every
power that the President can command
will be used to make it Impossible for a
private monopoly to live in the United
States."
A epeech of three minutes was sched
uled for Belleville, between Paterson and
Newark, and a large number of people
were congregated at the railroad station.
The train, however, only stopped long
enough to permit the qrowd to look at the
candidate. Mr. Bryan arrived at Newark
a few minutes past 7 o'clock to-night and
here the scenes which. were witnessed lt»
Jersey City last night were repeated on a
somewhat smaller scale. The streets
were thronged with people and the path
way of the Democratic standard-bearer
v:as illuminated with greek fire. He was
first driven to the residence of ex-Senator
James Smith, -where he took dinner. In
front of the Smith mansion a vast multi
tude of people were assembled and they
cheered heartily when Mr. Bryan and his
escort of committeemen and marching
clubs arrived at that point. The speeches
in this city -were made successively at
Rose Park. Kruger Auditorium and the
baseball grounds, the principal address
being that at the auditorium. The meet
ings wore all largely attended and ap
plause greeted him at every turn.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Oct. 26.-Fif teen hun
dred angry men, women and children as
sembled near the Cameron Colliery to
night and as the non-union workmen left
for home they were assailed by volleys of
cobblestones. Although all of thi
workmen had been sworn in as special
policemen and were armed, they did not
shoot into the mob, which was led by four
women carrying American flags. In es
corting Paul Kllnger, the breaker boss!
from the mine, his brother, Constable
Joseph Kllnger, fired one shot at a crow 1
on a bridge because they hurled rocks at
the pair as they traversed a railroad.
Following the shot, part of the mob
chased the brothers into the city limits.
. WILKE3BARRE. Pa., Oct. 26.— The big
coal companies of the Wyoming Valley
are making . preparations to resume work
on Monday. The mules that have been
in pasture for the last month or so were
taken down into the mines to-day. The
individual operators are also getting
things In shape for work again, although
as yet they have not posted the notices
of the 10 per cent Increase in wages.
It is the impression in Plttston that the
Pennsylvania Coal Company will fall in
line with the other companies on Monday.
Hurl Stones at Miners Re
turning From the Cam
eron Colliery.
WOMEN ATTACK
NON-UNION MEN
.VALLEY FIELD, Quebec, Oct. 26.— The
evening passed off without the slightest
disturbance. Two hundred men belonging
to the Sixty-fifth Battalion arrived from
Montreal at 10 o'clock, bringing the num
ber of men on duty up to 600.
The soldiers were kept inside the mill
inclosure. The people are very anxious
that the troops should be withdrawn. A
meeting of the Council and 'Justices of
the Peace was held to-night and an un
derstanding was given that if. the troops
¦were withdrawn peace would, be pre
served. This will be accepted and, the
trouble will end without serious blood
shed. ?
Altthough the present trouble Is on ac
count of a refusal to meet the demand
for more pay for the men working on the
construction of a new mill, the strike has
all the appearance of assuming the old
position of race hatred, fuel being added
to the flames by the British soldiers. A
detachment of the Duke of York's Royal
Canadian Hussars (cavalry) Is under or
ders to proceed io VaJley Field to-day.
Only one striker was wounded last night.
He was shot in the arm and is not seri
ously injured. Four hundred more oper
atives joined the strikers this morning.
The town Is now under martial law.
. The Scots were at the mercy of the
strikers, as Colonel Ibbetson was unable
to find a magistrate who would read the
riot act. The officers j had to content
themselves with firing their revolvers into
the air. In the meantime the men were
the targets for fusillades of stones and
other missiles. The town is largely
French-Canadian and has. at all times
been a hotbed of race hatred, culminating
in trouble recently over the employment
of one Egan in the mills, where there are
some 4000 employes paid by English cap
ital.
MONTREAL, Oct. 26.— There are on
duty at Valley Field, guarding the exten
sive works of the Dominion Cotton Com
pany, twenty-flve officers and 358 non
commissioned officers and men of the
Royal Scots, Victoria Rifles and Garrison
Artillery, augmented by a bearer corps.
The Victoria Rifles have a" Maxim gun.
The sending of reinforcements * was de
cided on last night, after the first de
tachment of the Royal Scots had come
into collision with the strikers, resulting
In nine of their men being wounded.
Agreement Made With the
Strikers and Troops Will
Be Withdrawn.
QUIET RESTORED
AT VALLEY FIELD
The text of the communication: handed
by the Chinese Minister to the Secretary
of State to-day is as follows: .
"A cablegram from Viceroy Chang Chi
Tung, dated October 25, states that the
Governor of Shensl has reported that
Kang . Yi died on October 18; : that -.. Yu
Hsien (lato Governor of Bhansl) has com
mitted suicide by swallowing, gold : leaf,
and Prince Tuan has not been permitted
to accompany the court.
There are certain phases of negotia
tions which, according to officials of the
administration, are not fit subjects of ar
bitration. They feel that it is desirable
to endeavor to arrange at the outset by
settlement with China through her Com
missioners and Ministers resident in Pe
king. The Ministers thoroughly under
stand th,e situation, and by reason of the
experience they underwent are qualified
to take immediate action. On the other
hand, officials say that The Hague court
would have to organize an investigating
commUtee, the labors of which would re
quire some time. Prompt action, which
officials nay alone can save China from
dismemberment, would not be possible by
a reference of the matters In dispute to
arbitration. On the other hand, those
who advocate arbitration say that more
expeditious action could be i secured by
reference of the entire dispute to arbitra
tion a^ this time than by awaiting nego
tlons which may be indefinitely prolonged
and which may produce no results. An
official- who discussed the suggestion to
arbitrate the enttre Chinese question Baid
to-day that In order to make arbitration
a success if would, of course, be necessary
for all powers to take part therein.
The United States eagerly assented to
the Russian suggestion for arbitration of
the indemnity question, for the reason
,that it opened the way out of the laby
rinth of complications. This -is. a feature
of the* negotiations which involves the
maintenance of the integrity of China.
The authorities are anxious to obtain In
formation relative to the replies of Ger
many and Great Britain on the Russian
suggestion. No information on this point
has yet reached the State Department.
Should all" nations assent, the authorities
say, the great obstacle In the way -of a
satisfactory solution of the whole Chinese
question will be removed.
There is reason to believe that the diplo
matic efforts of the administration are
now being devoted to obtaining a general
agreement from all the powers insuring
the maintenance of the integrity of the
Chinese and the preservation of the open
door. China's assent. to the demands of
the powers is a matter of course, so- that
the pressure this Government Is exerting
Is being exercised on European powers
whose policies have engendered suspicion.
Any doubt that China. Is acting In com
pliance with the wishes of the powers was
dissipated to-day by news communicated
by Minister Wu to Secretary. Hay, an
nouncing the suicide of Kang Tl and Yu
Hslen and the failure of Princes Tuan and
Chwang to accompany the Imperial court
to Shensl. The opinion is expressed -in
Chinese circles that Tuan and Chwang, to
avoid further disgrace, will kill them
selves.
A step in this direction has already been
taken by Secretary Hay. He has cabled
to. Minister Conger a suggestion made by
Russia, that in case of a protracted di-^
vergence of views on the question of In
demnity it be referred to The Hague
court for determination. Under instruc
tions given Minister Conger, he will con
sult with his colleagues on the question
of indemnity and discuss with them the
demands their governments will make In
this respect. Should he report that it is
not possible to reach an agreement. Sec
retary Hay proposes to earnestly advo
cate the adoption of the Russian sugges
tion as the easiest method of obtaining a
satisfactory solution. There is no doubt
that Secretary Hay and other officials of
the administration favor the observance
of the principle of arbitration, but they
believe it in> tne interest of all the powers
and China that direct negotiations should
first occur.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON. Oct. 26.— Should
negotiations in Peking fail to produce sat
isfactory results within a reasonable time
the United States will urge the reference
of the matters in dispute to the Interna
tional Court of Arbitration at The Hague.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Whole Matter May Be Re
ferred to Board of
Arbitration.
SETTLEMENT OF
CHINESE QUESTION
gran, under the auspices of the Republican
railroad employes of Chicago. The audi
ence was to a large extent composed of
railroad men, and the chairman of the
meeting was Lot Brown, agent . of the
Chicago. Burlington and Quincy Railroad.
Unbounded enthusiasm was manifested
throughout the speeches and a large
crowd unable to rind room In the Audi
toriurn was entertained by local orators
on the lake front. An elaborate display of
nreworks followed the close of the meet
ings.
MUCH DEPENDS ON WEATHER.
Rain Might Change the Result af
Election in Many Localities.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— "We can't
predict what kind of weather will prevail
on election day," said Professor -Willis
Mocre, chief of the Weather Bureau. "It
is too far cff. The result of political elec
tions In a number of localities depends In
a great measure on conditions of th<*
weather. For instance, if it rains on the
days preceding the election and on elec
tion day itself in the Slates of New York,
Illinois. Indiana and Ohio, or any other
State which has large centers of popula
tion, the Democrats, as a rule, have been
EUccessful. If. on the other hand, the
¦weather is dry, the Republicans have car
ried the day.
The cause for this apparently pecullat
appearance can ¦ very easily be ascer
tained. If it rains the country roads are
in bad condition and the farmer, who I;
mostly Republican and may be afflicted
with rheumatism and trouble- with car
buncle on his neck besides, will, rather
than jeopardize his health ana personal
comfort, sacrifice his vote. In cities,
where most of the Democrats live, cli
matic conditions do not affect the attend
ance at the polls to such an extent, and
the result Is that good weather is favor
able to Republicans and bad weather to
Democrats.
BRYAN TALKS OF TRUSTS.
Continued From First Page.
Chorus, at Madison Garden.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— Madison-square
Garden, over Its length and breadth, was
one mass of color in honor of the coming
to town of Governor Roosevelt. From
thortly after dark until late In the night
the tumult continued. /-
The fireworks display began at dark
and filled the air continuously for hours.
While the bombs burst scores of vari-col
ored balloons of paper -were sent aloft.
Thousands of persons watched the dis
play. The tower of the garden was Illu
minated with myriads of Incandescent
lights, while red, white and blue lights
blazed from the big building. Brilliant
fountains and showers of sparks were
cent off from all sides of the park.
The departure of the Governor and
party from the hotel was the signal for
one of the most brilliant displays of the
evening. While the display of fireworks
was at its height the big chorus of 5000
voices, led by Bandmaster George L.
Humphrey of the Seventh Regiment
Band, burst forth with the strains of
•The Star-Spangled Banner" in Madison
p<]uare Park, liandmaster Humphrey di
recting the chorus from the garden tower
by means of the searchlight there.
"America" was rendered by the chorus,
it also being directed in the same manner.
The music, like the fireworks, was re
ceived •with great appla*»e by the multi
tude, which thronged every available foot
of Fi»ace for blocks around Madison
square Garden. The score of bands,
turhlch had participated In the parade, also
swelled the volume of Found and added
to the din. While the speechmaking was
In progress at the garden and at the
elands throughout lhe>park the pyrotech
nic display was continued. As the big pa
rade progressed the fireworks were set
off. fining the air with screaming bombs
and Immense skyrockets. The search
lights in the garden tower played con
tinuously on the crowds which filled the
Ftre^tF, and sometimes, when some more
brilliant pieces were bfing Bet off, the
light was stronger than though the park
had been filled with arc lights.
The big set pieces, which displayed the
pictures of McKinley. Roosevelt. Wash
ington and Lincoln, were reserved for the
close. As they were eet off, one by one,
they won the admiration and applause of
the crowds. These pieces were all placed
at a corner of the park and the 'jam in
the vicinity of the Fifth-avenue Hotel,
tbe Hoffman House and the Demey arch
required a large force of police to keep
It from crowding out Into the street and
Interfering with the parade. It was a
good-natured crowd, however, and there
wa«> little or no trouble. It is estimated
that about 50,000 persons took part In the
parades. .
Eenator Hanna's Speeches.
CHICAGO. Oct. 26.— The Auditorium was
filled to-night with an. Immense audience
brought together to hear Senator Hanna
of Ohio and Senator Burrows of Mlchl-
Brilliant Pyrotechnics and a Great
FIREWORKS AND MUSIC.
A* early as » o'clock the crowds began
to gather at the Grand Central Station to
see Governor Koosevelt come borne. Many
of the men and women arrived in car
riages and the crowd to a great extent
was a well drt-ssed one. Police on foot t»
the number of liM controlled the throng
and forty mounted ones acted as the Gov
ernor's bodyguard through the streets.
Some minutes before train time the re
ception committee arrived tit the station.
There was an open carriage for the Gov
ernor. In »t were General Francis V.
Greene and Secretary George R. Man
chester of the County Committee and Cor
nelius N. Bliss. In other carriages wur>
other party loaders.
When the Governor's train came in an
time one very demonstrative, well dressed
man broke tnrough the line and shouted,
"Just like Teddy. Right on Uie minute."
This was the signal for the crowd, which
broke into a great cheer. Mr Uliss was
nm to greet Governor Roosevelt. He
shook hands cordially and told the Gov
ernor he looked line.
"Thank you. I am in perfect health."
replied the Governor-
He rmiled and shook every member of
the committee by the hand. As he passed
along the platform he was kept bowing to
the crowd.
•"Hooray for Teddy. Three cheers for
tbe Governor. What's the matter with
the next Vice President?" were some cf
the things which made the Governor
smile.
At the end of the platform there was
a minute of delay and a number of women
insisted on shaking hands with the Gov
ernor. The party linally got Into the car
riages and away to Fifth avenue. The
crowd kept up cheering until the party
was out of view. The route was straight
do«n the avenue to the hotel. The Gov
ernor was cheered all along the line, and
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel the scenes
about the station were largely repeated.
"BIGHT ON THE MINUTE."
Issue is to Bryanize the nation and
Crokerize the State."
At this point the Republican leaders and
others crowded into the garden. A dozen
bands were playing at one time, and Gov
ernor Roosevelt seemed to enjoy the con
fusion and uproar. When order was re-
Ftored, Governor Roosevelt resumed:
"Now. gtntlpmtn, in closing 1 am going
to ask that tach of. you ebow by his works
the faith that is within you. And now.
¦we shall close the speaking and see the
passage of these organizations. And. in
clofing. I am going to ask you to join with
me in three cheers for President McKinley
end Mr. Odell."
The chet-rs were given in a way that
made the walls of the garden vibrate.
When Governor Roosevelt had con
cluded. Mr. Richards made no further ef
fort to conclude his spet-ch.
While the meeting was in progress in
the frarden the speakers on all the fctands
addressed thousands. During the inter
missions the hands played ana the crowds
in a great chcrus sang ' the national
hymns, the time beaten by the great gar
den sparchlifiht.
When Governor Roosevelt came out of
the garden he drove to his hotel, and
thence to the residence of Douglas Rob
inson, his brother-in-law.
Continued Fioa First Page.
MAGNIFICENT RECEPTIONS TO ROOSEVELT
British Flag- Raised.
PRETORIA. Oct. 26.— Tile Transvaal
¦was to-day proclaimed a part of the Brit
ish empire, thf proclamation being atter.d
<-d with impressive ceremonies. The royal
standard was hoisted in the main square
of the city, the <5renadit-rs presented
arms, massed bands played the national
enthem. Sir Alfred Milntr road the proc
lamation and 6200 troops representing
Great Britain and her colonies marched
past.
BRUSSELS. Oct. 26.— The Kruger re-
It is regarded hc-ie as a curious coin
eidene? that the news of the recapture of
Jaeobsdahl by the Boers should be re
ceived concurrently with the expected ar
rlvaJ home from South Africa of the City
Imperial Volunteers, as Jaeobsdahl wraJ
the sc-?n«> of the hitter's tirr-l tight. Tl.c
town -was captured by these volunteers
February 5
LONDON, Oct. 27.— It now appears thai
Jacobsdahl was not captured by the
Boers. Advices received from Cape Town
»-hcrtly aftec. midnight say:
""Later r.tfrs from Jaooosdahl shows
that 200 Boers un^uetessfully attacked the
garrison. The Highlanders had fourteen
l:illc-d and twenty wounded."
Another Story.
CAPE TOWN. Oct. 26.— The Boers have
captured Jacobsdahl. southwest of Klm
berley. after a stubborn resistance upon
the part of the parrlson, which consisted
of a detachment of Cape Town Highland
ers. The latter suffered severely, losing
thirty-four out of fifty-two men.
Hans Iiotha has cut off a train with i
reconnoiterlng party of the Highland
brifrade between HeideJburg and Greyling
In the Transvaal Colony, tearing up the
rails in front and behind the train. In
the fight which followed two captains ar.d
eight men were wounded aisd all were
captured.
PARIS. Oct. 26.— Dr. Loyiis, Transvaal
agent, was questioned to-day' with refer
ence to the plans of former President
Kruger. He said:
•'Most of the stories published on the
subject are imaginary. M.\ Kxuger will
land at Marseilles and I shall go to meet
him. But it Is not true that 1 have seen
M. Delcaspe. the French Minister of
Foreign Affairs, or that I arn in any way
arranging a reception, which will be en
tirely in the hands of the French • them
selves. Nothing has been definitely de
cided as to the details of Kruger's stay
in Europe. But Mr. Kruger is an oid nwn
and not accustomed to a cold climate, so
it is likely he will sojourn in the neigh
borhood of Nice for the winter. 1 nave no
leason to believe there is any ground for
the statement that President Kruger in
tends to visit President McKinley."
Kruger's Plans.
MASERU. Basutoland. Oct. 26.— It is re
ported here that former President Ste>n
and the members of the Executive Coun
cil are at Fourisbourg, south of Bethle
hem and that he has declared Kouris
bourg to be the "capital of the Orar.ge
Free State." Mr. Steyn has ordered ney
tcr. a mombor of the late Volksraad, to
be- tried on the charge of high treason.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 26.— Mr. Kruger 13
expected to arrive here November. 11 and
remain at least a day. An elaborate dem
onstration Is being arranged in his honor.
Steyn's New Capital.
DURBAN. Oct. 26.— The Boers are raid
ing the northern part of Natal. They
have burned the railroad station at
Waschbank and blown up a culvert.
ceptlon committee has issued a" formal
disclaimer of hostility toward Great Brit
ain in connection with the reception which
the committee says will be exclusively
a demonstration of sympathy, every
means being taken to prevent political
allusions.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— A suit
for $50,000 damages for breach of
promise against United' States
Senator William V. Sullivan of
Mississippi was -filed in the Dis
trict of Columbia Supreme Court this
afternoon, by Mai Lucy Leeton of Oxford,
Miss. The plaintiff in her affidavit .alleges
that she, "an unmarried woman, at the
request of the defendant undertook and
promised to marry him and the defendant
undertook and promised to marry the
plaintiff, which he, without cause or right,
has refused to do." The plaintiff claims
that she met Senator Sullivan about Oc
tober 7, 1S95, In his law office at Oxford,
he being employed to defend her brother
in-law. She claims that he made protesta
tions of affection for her "and began by
wiles and- artifices to induce the pialntlrf
to accompany him on a journey to Chat
tanooga, Tenn." Plaintiff, claims.she"re
fused to go with him, but allowed him to
i correspond with her. Shq v.-us. at that
time married, but not living with her
husband. Plaintiff claims that Senator
Sullivan promised to procure a divorce
for her, "and that he- would'keep her for
ever with him and that she should occupy
as high a position as any lady in tne
land."
About December 1, 1S95, the plaintiff, at
the request of the defendant, went with
him to New Orleans. In January, • 1S36,
according to the affidavit riled to-day, the
defendant placed plaintiff In Nelson's
Business College at Memphis Tenn., pay
ing her tuition and board. In May,\ 1S97 '
he secured a divorce for her. The afll
davit then alleges that on May 10 of that
year plaintiff and defendant lived to
gether in Alexandria, Va., as Mr. and
Mrs. W. L. Sutton, he introducing plain
tiff as his wife. Later he placed her in
the Fauquler female institution In War
renton, Va., as his niece, where she re
mained from January to June, 1898, the de
fendant writing her every day and prom
ising her he would marry her in the sum
mer.
During this time plaintiff claimed she
had an offer of marriage from a young
man who lived near her home and asked
the defendant to consent to- break oil
their relations. The latter, she claims,
urged that she should not marry the
young man. but wait and marry him the
following summer. The affidavit recites
that the couple lived together in Wash*
: ington and that the defendant finally no
tlfled plaintiff that he was not financially
able to marry her. Also that plaintiff,
hearing defendant was ill, in June, 1900,
came to Washington to see him and
found him rooming with "a woman whom
he had brought from Holly Springs,
Miss. She claims the defendant offered
her J1000 to go home and not expose him
before the said woman. The plaintiff re
fused to do this and claims that the de
fendant abused her and left her without
money, friends or means to live on.
The court this afternoon issued th«
usual writ for service on the defendant
to show cause within twenty days of
service why judgment should not be had.
The writ is in the hands of the Marshal
for this district for service. Senator Sul
livan is out of the city. The case cannot
Mai Lucy Leeton Alleges That the Mississippian Promfsed to
Marry and Afterward Deserted Her.
Lieutenant Febiger Falls While Leading an
Attack on a Superior Force of Insurgents.
FILIPINOS DRIVE
AMERICANS BACK
Wilson, Company H, Thirty-third Regi
ment, U. S. V.: Andrew T. Johnson, far
rier; Guy McCHntock. Troop. L. Third
United States Cavalry. Wounded—Com
pany H. Thirty-third Volunteer Infantry;
Floyd McPherson, hip, slight; John W.
Gray, face, slight; Floyd H. Heard, cheek.
slight; Harry S. Johnson, knee, serious;
,Troop K. Third United States Cavalry.
Corporal Adam R- Wachs. arm. sllKht:
Alfred Downer, lip, head, slight; Charles
W. Martin, thigh, slight; Oscar O. Brad
ford, foot, slight: William E. Hunter, lag.
below knee, slight.
"Missing— Company H. Thirty-third
Regiment, John J. Boyd, Samuel P. Har
ris; Troop L, Third Cavalry, Samuel Da
vis, Ferd Schweid. Twenty-nine horses
missing; some known to have been killed.
"MacARTHUR."
Lieutenant George Lee Feblger was one.
of the youngest officers in the army, be
ing in his twenty-fourth year. He was a
native of New Orleans and served as first
lieutenant and afterward as captain of
the Ninth Volunteer Infantry during the
Spanish war. In the following July he
was appointed second lieutenant In the
Thirty-third Volunteer Infantry and be
cause of his military proficiency he was
promoted to a first lieutenancy, August
24, 1899, and accompanied his regiment to
the Philippines In the following months.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26,-The War De
partment to-day received a dispatch, from
General MacArthur. giving an account of
a fight in which a small detachment of
the American troops attacked a superior
force of Filipinos. The dispatch Is:
"MANILA. Oct. 26.— Adjutant General,
Washington: October 24 First Lieuten
ant Febiger and forty men of Company
F, Thirty-third Regiment. United States
Infantry Volunteers; Second Lieutenant
Gray V. Heidt, sixty men. Troop L. Third
Cavalry, attacked the Insurgents fourteen
miles east of Marvlcan, Ilocos province,
Luzon. It was a strong position, occupied
by about 400 riflemen and 1000 bolomen
under .command of Juan Villamor, a
subordinate of Timos. A desperate fight
ensued, which was most creditable to the
force engaged, though under the heavy
pressure of overwhelming numbers. Our
troops were compelled to return to Mar
vican, which was accomplished in a tacti
cal, orderly manner. Acting Assistant
Surgeon Bath and a civilian teamster,
captured early in the fight, were released
by Villamor. According to their account
the insurgents were much stronger than
reported herein and their loss, at a mod
erate estimate, was over 150. Our losa
"Killed—First Lieutenant George L. Fe
blger, Charles A. Llndenberg, William F.
MAY ESTABLISH A BRASS
FACTORY ON THE COAST
Re-election of McKinley Will Mean Branch
ing Out of a Bay State Firm.
Guyler K. Sanborn. vice president of the
Haydenville company, which owns one of
the largest brass and iron foundries in
the United States, is at the Palace for a
few days. Mr. Sanborn has been a regu
lar visitor to the coast every fall for the
past six years and he says this year beats
the record for prosperity.
"Our firm has been molding brass for
thirty years," said he. "and never nave
we been so crowded with orders as at the
present time." •
The company's foundries are located at
Northampton. Mass. Should President
McKinley be re-elected the company has
in mind the establishment of branch fac
tories in Ohio and on the Pacific Coast,
possibly in this city. A plant has already
been put in readiness at Loralne. Ohio,
and it will be started up the 1st of Janu
ary with a big force of men.
Mr. Sanborn has talked with prominent
San Francisco business men relative to
erecting a plant here and he has met with
every encouragement. It is more than
probable that another year will see an-
other big brass and Iron manufacturing
plant in full operation on the coast. The
company's western and foreign orders
have been increasing very rapidly of late
and the prospects of a big trade with
Honolulu are some of the reasons why a
plant is wanted on this coast.
Air. Sanborn says there is no doubt in
his mind as to the election outcome. H-»
says in every place he has been, com
1 mencing with New York State, the Mc-
Klnley sentiment is in the majority and
the betting, as a rule, is three to one on
the Republican side. While the whole
country appears to be enjoying a season
of prosperity, Mr. Sanborn says the feel
ing of contentment is strongest in the
West. Californians in particular, he says,
appear to have all the money they want.
* Charles V. Day, representing the Ameri
can Brass and Copper Company of Water
bury. Conn., is also at the Palace and he
reiterates all of Mr. Sanborn's statements
regarding trade conditions. "Why, actu
ally, my firm is so crowded with work
that it has written me to go easy on
orders and to sta^t for home at once."
JOHN" ADDISCKW POBTEB
IS DANGEROUSLY ILL
Former Secretary for President Mc-
Kinley Suffering From an In
curable Malady.
POMFRET. Conn.. Oct. 26,-John Addl
son Porter, formerly secretary to Presi
dent McKinley, lies dangerously 111 at his
residence at this place, suffering from a
disease which must ultimately end in
death. For many months before he re
signed his position at the White House
he had been In poor health and his suf
fering finally made It Imperative that he
abandon work. Since that time he has
traveled extensively. Of late the unmis
takable symptoms of an incurable diseaja
developed acutely and ten days ago ha
came to Pomfret. On Wednesday oi thia
week a very dangerous operation was
performed. Mr. Porter rallied splendidly
from the shock and to-day Is resting com
fortably. This morning his appetite was
good and after a light breakfast he called
for a newspaper. This he read in bed.
The members of the family. Including
Mr. Porter's mother, his wife and hU
children, are with the patient. They re
fuse to give out any statement of the
case and have sealed the lips of the at
tending physician. It is learned, however,
that the case is perfectly hopeless, al
though death Is not expected Immediately.
Sullivan Besting Comfortably.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— John I*. Sullivan,
who was operated on Thursday for hernia,
was resting comfortably to-night. The
physicians say that Sullivan will not ba
able to leave the hospital for six weeks.
Galveston Relief Fund.
GALVESTON, Tex., Oct. 26.- The oon
tributions for the relief of the Galveston
flood sufferers received to October 25 are
$2,140,363.
SENATOR WILLIAM V. SULLIVAN
IS SUED FOR BREACH OF PROMISE
Attack the Garrison at Jacobsdahl and After
Killing Fourteen and. Wounding
Twenty Withdraw.
BOERS ARE KEEPING
THE BRITISH BUSY
THE SAX FRANCISCO C A JiL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1900.
Mrs. Hyde returned to Oxford. Hyde
sued for divorce in 1S96, and she obtained
the decision on other grounds. The di
vorce was granted, and Hyde still lives in
this county.
Senator Sullivan to-day gave out the
following Btatement: "This woman has
no claim on me of any kind. While in
Washington recently an attempt was
made by her and her abettors to extort
money from me under threat of a suit,
such as she has now brought. I declined
to entertain such a proposition. The
proof will show that it is an attempt to
besmirch my character." ' ,
reach a trial for some months in the
present condition of the docket.
MEMPHIS, Oct. 2G.— The records of
Xelson's Business College show that Miss
Lucy Leeton of Lyons, Miss., was a pupil
In 1MX). and that she was placed there by
W. V. Sullivan of Oxford. Miss.
OXFORD. Miss., Oct. 26.— Lucy Leeton,
who brought a breach of promise suit
against Senator Sullivan«Jn Washington
to-day, was married fifteen years ago to
rhomas Hyde, a carpenter of this county.
Shortly after their marriage she and her
husband moved to Temple. Tex., remain
in- there until four years ago, when
UNITED STATES SENATOR WILLIAM V. SULLIVAN. AGAINST WHOM
A SUIT FOR $50,000 HAS BEEN FILED BY MAI LUCY LEETON. SHE
SAYS HE REFUSES TO MARRY HER.
CHICAGO. Oct. 26.— Over a hundred and
twenty-five thousand men, representicg
every branch of Industry In and around
Chicago, are expected to take part in tne
parade to-morrow, which is to be the fea
ture of the closing davs of the Republi
can campaign in Chicago. Starting at 10
a. m. the paraders ¦will march the streets
of the downtown business district, re
viewed by Senator Hanna and others. Al
lowing for from 8000 to 10,000 men an hour
it is estimated that the last man will not
reach the place of dismissal before 10
The parade will be replete, with novel
ties. Two live elephants at the head of
the line will represent the contribution
of the Marquette Club to the parade. Ths
Chicago and Alton Railroad will have a
steam traction engine drawing an almost
full-size chair car. Scores of floats and
decorated automobiles and a hundred
bands on foot and In wagons will be fea
tures. ,
The parade is expected to be nearly for
ty miles in length.
More Than 125,000 Men
Expectod to Turn Out
at Chicago.
FORTY MILES OF
ONE PROCESSION
2
Take Laxative - Bromo "Quinine Tablets. 'All
druggists refund the money it It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c. *
Five ounces and a half of scrapes are
required to make one glass of good wine.
To Cure {t Cold in One Day.
I A new store with a new stock and new selling methods — better merchandise and fairer mer- j
chandising, less for you to pay than you have been paying, much for you to sain by buying I
I A shoesCore ran in a modern way with a modern
1 stock and modern conveniences. Experts to serve JBtTV*
I vvt^f^y-s /¦ vou ' men who h ave studied shoe fit and comfort, men 5^1wv
S*J$jij0? l£\\ W h° know your wants and who will serve you well. \zn*y I
v^r >Yt/f\\'ifJ", O» Won't you step in a minute to-day? It's our' Vs^i. J
r — J^£^\ J£s!v£\? I opening, our debut in San Francisco, .vv^-. ..-- \
If Ladies' Vici Kid Every purchase here must be Men's Calfsklxs I
I Shoes —'lace and . satisfactory; every shoe must fit Shoes— donjrola kid 1
I. '. button; patent leath- you perfectly; every sale must . W* ft blunt toe I
| er or kid tips.. In make a friend. , , made on the latest ¦'
'• the newest toe- . „. ¦ i last Good shoe for j:
I ' ... „ Bring back a wrong thing 1 — street and ordinary I
I single sole: a swell \ , ., , . .^ I
\s . . _, . money back if not satisfied- work; of course it's 1
y dress shoe, \i% >»^-v • , "¦-...¦ . ¦' I
I • « , . lace and made to I
I value is considerably j\ Thu !»¦»; reliable, dependable .wear-better valtxa j
J|$ out of proportibn to shoestore— we want it to be your .* than the once sieni- I •
IJV its price :...?1.95Rg- shocstore. . .. . fi« ~— .?2.2? j
UP TO DATE SHOES OF QUALtTY - '*T.«\ Y^ARTHUR RODGERS OF THE SAN FRAXCISCO LAW FIRM OF RODG
ERS, PATERSON & SLACK. WHO IS UNDER THE CARE OF PHT
j SICIANS AT WILLOWS.
Military Auiomobilea.
The Immense advantages presented by anto
moblles have bad a. great fascination for pro
greeslve military men all orer th« world.
Large sums ' hava be«n offered for the best
military automobile. In war, as In evsrythlng.
It , pays to use the best weapons. The beat
shield with which to protect the ' stomach u
Hostetter's Stomach Blttere. It in a certain
cure for constipation, '• indigestion, dyspepsia
and biliousness and prevents malaria, fever
and aeue. . * . ;
LOST THEIB. PROPERTY
TN A FOREST FIRE
Bring Damage Suit Against
Owners of a Destroyed Shingle Mill
Neighbors.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 26,-The Samp
son brothers, who for a number of years
past and up to September 21 last con
ducted a shingle mill In this county, have
commenced an action for 17000 damages
against William Hughes and Alexander
Peers. The suit Is the outcome of a forest
fire that destroyed plaintiffs' mill and
other property. The plaintiffs set forth,
two causes of action, one for the de
struction of 2,000,000 shingles, 430 cords of
shingle blocks. 110 cords of four-foot wood
and woodmen's and other . too*ls valued
at $4500. and the other for the loss of the
mill itself, valued at $2500.
From the complaint It appears that the
plaintiffs and the defendants own ad
joining: tracts of land. Hughes and Peers
are charged with having set out a flre in.
therr woods. They were warned of - the
danger and offered assistance to check the
flames, but the warning was disregarded
and the assistance declined. On Septem
ber 21. the flre got beyond their control,
and, sweeping through' the -~ Sampson
brothers' tract, destroyed their property.
PEIWaROVE. Oct. 28.— An epidemic. of sore
eyen is prevalent among' the- ¦ children • In this
vicinity. It is contagious, and should any new
cases be ; reported the ., Eagle , school ¦ will , be
closed to prtvent Its further ipread.
.. . — . ..__ — - .- - — ¦ • '
NO MORE POTLATOHES,
SAY ALASKA CHIEFS
Result of Governor Brady's Powwow
With Tribe leaders at
i Klukwan.
VICTORIA, Oct. 26.— When the United
States steamer Perry, which arrived to
day, was leaving Sltka her officers saw
the Sltka Indians departing in nln« or ten
big wax canoes for the potlatch at Kluk
wan. \ The canoes were richly decorated
with- the Stars and Stripes.
Captain Kilgour was present at a meet-
Ing- held at Halnes. when Governor Brady
addressed Chief Kodowatt and Chief
George Shortridge on the folly of nolding
potlatohes. He told them that the pot
latch was now a custom of the past and
meant nothing but superstitious •llsplay,
and urged them not to give the potlatch,
which was a useless extravagance, but
instead to devote the money to the benefit
of the tribe. The chiefs were gready im
pressed and said that had it not been
for the fact that the invitations had been
given and they could not break their
word to the visiting tribes they would
call the potlatch off. They promised that
it would be the last they would hold.
The object of the potlatch — the ealllns
off of the old feud with the Wrangels— la
to be lost, for owing to the fact that
Kodowatt was robbed of $700 when he
went to give the Wrangels their invita
tion he refrained from asking the Wran
gels to attend.
BISBEE TO THE FORE
WITH DUNHAM SUSPECT
Working-man Said to Have Been
Recognized as the Campbell
Murderer.
PHOEXIX, Ariz.. Oct. 26.—It Is believed
that James C. Dunham, who murdered
the McGllncy family near San Jose, Cal.,
several years ago and escaped, was m
Blsjiee recently. He Is said to have ap
plied for work-on-the new-hotel In pro
cess of erection there. The > stranger was
granted employment and had worked; a
half day when he was recognized by a
fellow-worklngman. who had known him
In California. The latter notified tho of
ficers of the law, but m the meantime the
supposed-Dunham decamped and has not
since been s<*en. , •#. 1ra£8SnBSBiflH
, » .
— -. •¦¦¦¦ ¦¦
B.ATTK PRESIDENT IS
•m-a-r.tteto FOR MTODER
Pinkerton Detectives Send Out Warn
ing of 3>anger From an ex-
Convict. x .
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 26.-The First Na-
tlonal Bank of this city, as a member of
the American Bankers' Association, has
received a circular letter from the Pink
erton Detective Agency Imparting the
"comforting" information that some bank
president In Southern California had been
marked as a victim of a. desperate rob
ber, who would not stop at murder. The
letter says in part:
In the Interest of the American Bankers'
Association we write to warn you regarding
certain information which we recently became
possessed of. A convict was recently dis
charged from a State penitentiary where he
had been Incarcerated for burglary. A short
time prior to his discharge from the peniten
tiary he told another convict, who was also
soon to be liberated, what bis plans were' for
the future. He described a town where a bank
president lived «ome distance from the bank
building and said that he and his pal Intended
calling- on the president of the bank at a late
hour of the night and take him by force from
his home and compel him to go with them to
the bank and open the safe. Then they would
take all the money they could find and either
shut tho bank president up in the vault or kill
him, and this would give them ample time to
get quietly cut of town and elude all pursuit.
This convict further stated that the town waa
located in Southern California, but did not
mention the name of it.
1/5S ANGELES. Oct. 26.— The Jury In the
case of "Bob" Stewart, the negro policeman,
charged with felonious • assault upon Grace.
Cunningham, disagreed this morning, standing
seven for acquittal to five for conviction.
ORDERS FOB. K"AVAIi OFFICERS.
Number of Men Transferred to the
• Asiatic Station.
VALLEJO, Oct. W.— The following
transfers of naval officers have been or
<lcre<l:
Lieutenant J. L. Robinson from th* Phila
delphia to the R^r.rtr for line duty; Lieuten
sm C. A. E. Klne from the Indiana tn the
fclace October 20 for engineer duty, and for
ri pir*«*r <Juty en Asiatic station on arrival of
Pnlac* a.t that station: Lieutenant Blakely
?rcm the Ranker to the Iowa; October 16. Lieu
t< r.ant F". C. Bowers from the Texas to tempo
rary <5uty on the Vermont, then to the Solace
v th craft of men to line duty on AsiatiT- gta
ti..n; Lieutenant W. O. Koeyter to temporarv
riuty on the Vermont, thfn to the Solace wLth
«*.-«ft o< mra on the Asiatic station; Assistant
j-iieeon If. E. Odeil'n order to the Asiatic eta
t.<>n modified to take r>assa£e on the S~'ace'
Lieutenant W. E. Safford I mm the Independ
«nee to the Philadelphia: Lieutenant J. a.
"'..:¦-: from the Philadelphia to the Sslace Oc
to!*er 23 as watch and divinion officer, to re-
F' rt for duty on Asiatic station; Naval Cadet
V>*. Smith from the Philadelphia to the Solace
OctflbfT "-'> *s watch ami division officer, to re
r-irt lor duty on Asiatic station; Naval Cadet
II C. Cc-ke from the Philadelphia to the fiolaee
«Vtober 23 a» watch and division officer. ;o re
f« rt for duty on the Asiatic ntat'.on: Acting
Hi'EtsTrain C. J. Ohrlstianson from the Inde-
I» ndence to the Solace October 25. to report for
duty on the Asiatic station; Acting Gunner L.
i: Bruce from the Peniaeola to the Solace
October 25. to report for duty on the Asiatic
FtKtion.
NEWMAN "MAKES GOOD."
Plunger Takes Tip His Discredited
Los Angeles Check.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 26.— W. G. New
man yesterday afternoon telegraphed
from the Palace Hotel. San Francisco,
that the money had been transmitted by
wire to the Citizens* Bank of Los An
geles to take up the discredited check he
had drawn upon the American National
Bank of Orange. Va. That was aftei
banking hours. This morning Cashier Oft.
of the State Bank and Trust Company
traded Newman's check for J4G4 15 at the
Citizens' . Bank, and a few minutes later
paid over the amount to City Ticket
Agent Herr of the Southern Pacific.' A
telephone message from San Francisco to
day brings word that Mr. Newman took
up his steamship tickets this morning and
that he will sail from San FYanclsco on
the 29th inst. If nothing further Inter
venes.
STJNIXAY SCHOOL CONCLAVE.
Christian "Workers of Southern Cali-
fornia in Session.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 26.— The First
Baptist Church was comfortably filled this
morning when •'President C. G. Baldwin
called the tenth annual session of the
Southern California Sunday School Asso
ciation to order. After a prayer and
praise service, interesting papers on Sun
day school topics were read by Mrs. I. J.
Reynolds, Mrs. Ella V. Baldwin, Mra. B.
C. • Bryant and W. C. Weld. Diplomas
were presented to the normal class of
Sunday school teachers.
At the afternoon session the reading of
papers was continued, two of the most
interesting and Instructive being those of
S. C. Evans Jr. on "The Business Man's
Duty to the Sunday School." and Rev. J.
W. Utter on "How to Stimulate Interest
In the Next Lesson;"
. *
WITNESS TAMPERED WITH.
Intimation Made by the Prosecution
in Ortega Case.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 26.— The examination of
"Jack" Ortega was completed this fore
'noon and the prosecution at once put on
a number of witnesses In rebuttal. The
prosecution has intimated that one of its
witnesses has been tampered with. L.
Gresl was called in rebuttal, but his testi
mony was Just the opposite to what he
had related In private to the officers. It
was relative to statements made by Or
tega.
FIRE AIT CORTE •M'ATyprp.A,
stroys the Crist Residence.
Supposedly Incendiary Blaze De-
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 26.— The large resi
dence of. Attorney Crist at Corte Madera
was burned to the ground about 10 o'clock
to-night. The house had Just been finish
ed and the furniture moved In. The fam
ily expected to take possession to-mor
row.- From the outbreak of the flames
there was no hope of saving the dwelling.
It is believed that the flre was of incen
diary origin. Mr. Crist Is living at San
Anselmo. It cannot be learned to-night
whether the property was insured.
Sold Liquor to Indians.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 26.— John Blanche
of Healdsburg. who yesterday pleaded
guilty to a charge of selling liquor to In
dians, was to-day sentenced by Judge
Burnett to two years In San Quentln.
This was Blanche's third offense.
ZIONITES PELTED "WITH
EGGS AT VANCOUVER
Leader Simmons Enrages a Crowd by
Denouncing Secret
Societies.
VANCOUVER, Oct. 26.— Before a crowd
of nearly 2U00 persons and with their
gospel impedimenta covered by the mark
ings of stale eggs and marks of other
violent contacts, the ministerial corps of
the Zionites were last night driven by
force into their tabernacle. A sergeant and
six policemen were out to attempt to
guard Rev. Mr. Simmons. The trouble
arose over the Dowie minister announcing
that he would speak against secret socie
ties and their systems. Several days ago
he spoke on the same subject and was
hooted down, and this time the crowd
turned out in great numbers, armed with
a quantity of eggs and decomposed vege
tables.
Simmons preached from a gospel wagon,
around which the cordon of police stood
puard. He denounced the Knights of
Pythias, the Odd Fellows and other or«
ders. The crowd hooted Itself hoarse and
it was with difficulty that the police could
prevent Simmons being carried off bodily.
Soon a shower of oggs started and the
wagons and horses and Simmons himself
were plastered with them. Several
women in the wagon sang hymns, but
their voices were frequently drowned by
the uproar. After traversing the prin
cipal streets the Zionites returned to their
church.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
sions Granted.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
"WASHINGTON'. Oct. 26.— Postofflee
name changed: Oregon — Morrison, Lin
coln County, to Pioneer. Postmasters
commissioned: California— Ambrose A.
Sproule. Lacosta. Oregon — Roy D. Butler,
Boyds; Barney Morrison. Pioneer.
Pensions issued: California — Orlgnal —
James Coughlin, Veterans' Home. Napa,
J«; Robert Britton, San Jose, $S. Addition
al—Joseph Gray, San Diego. 312. Increase
— Patrick Landers. Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles. $10; Frederick Relshart, Tount
villf>, $10; Charles M. Bryan, Hanford. $12.
Reissue— James Kelly. Vallejo, $33 50.
Mexican war survivors— Increase— Thomas
Sloan. Veterans' Home. Napa, $12.
Oregon — Orlgnal — Jeptha Hart, Harland.
$5. Original widow (reissue) — Ammltha
Abcene, Oakland, |12.
Washington— Original— James H. Ste
vens. Thorp, $12. Renewal— Moses Howes,
Olympia, $3. Original widows— Elizabeth
M. Latimer, Walla Walla. JS.
DELAYS IN ZIEGLEB CASE.
Special Venires Thrown Ont on " tho
Ground of Bias.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 26.— Slow progress Is
being made in the Zlegler murder case.
Only three jurors had been sworn this
morning — Henry Smith, Felix Devitt and
W. E. Shaeffer. The venire of forty Jurors
was exhausted yesterday, and the Sheriff
waa ordered to return at 9:30 this morn
ing -with a speciai venire of eight. This
special venire was sworn as regards quali
fications and was challenged by the de
fense on the ground of bias of the sum
moning officer. The talesmen were ex
cused.
A special venire of nine was Issued to
the Coroner. These were also discharged,
the Coroner being disqualltled because of
bias. The court at 11 o'clock appointed
Orrin Blodgett as elisor. and he was or
dered to summon a venire of forty tales
men, twenty of them to be returnable to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
Package of Counterfeit Nickels.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 26.— Burton Laughlin, a.
4-year-old son of B. E. Laughlin, while
playing In a lumber yard on Third street
yesterday afternoon found a package
containing 150 counterfeit nickels. They
were poor Imitations. It is believed the
nickels were hidden there by some one
who feared detection. News of the find
soon spread, and a large force of boys
searched every corner and nook of the
lumber yard, expecting to find a miniature
Klondike, but without success. — ¦•;•
Police Force Reappointed.
VA.LLEJO. Oct. 26.— Vallejo's police
force having: been Illegally appointed. It
was reappolnted last night. Mayor Har
vey tried to defeat the re-election" of • W.
T. Stanford as Chief by naming every
other policeman for the position; out the
Trustees ref uf ad to stand with him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 26.— The Woman's
Christian Temperance Union completed Its
twenty-first annual convention this even
ingr with an oratorical contest for a Dem
orest diamond medal. There were seven
contestants. Mrs. A. M. Ray of Sacra
mento was awarded the medal. Her decla
mation was a thoughtful discourse on
"Temperance." The other contestants
were: M. C. de Carll of Humboldt, Miss
Ethel McCormick of Morgan Hill. Miss
Eva Hamilton cf San Jose, Miss Van de
Orlff of Selma, Miss' I sola Kennedy of
Morgan Hill and Miss Mabel Lynn of San
Jose.
The last day was full of Interest, and
there was the same large attendance that
has characterized the former sessions.
After devotional, exercises, led bv Mrs.
Klma Cotton, the report of the "resolu
tions committee, which was made yester
day, was taken up for final action. The
resolution denouncing the civil and mili
tary authorities in the Philippines for per
mitting the establishment of saloons In
Manila was strengthened in Its terms of
condemnation and changed so as to read
that the action of the authorities was de
basing: the soldiers and sailors of the
United States, as well as the native pa
trons of such places.
The resolution favoring the removal of
hats and bonnets by women while in at
tendance at any public function or meet-
Ins was stricken out. While the delegates
favored it they thought it of too minor
importance to be connected with the ob
jects they were working hard to obtain.
The president. Mrs. Sturtevant Peet, an
nounced the appointment of the following
superintendents of appointments:
Lecture bureau, Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet, San
Jose; young women's branah, Mrs. Alice Bow
man. Corralitos; health and heredity, Mrs. O. J.
Ward. Son Jose; non-alcoholic I medication,
Mrs. E. S. Potter. Maealla; scientino temper
ance instruction, Mrs. J. J. Coyle. San Miguel;
Sunday-school, Mrs. A. E. Clark. Oilroy; lit
erature. Mrs. J. D. Spencer. San Francisco:
temperance and labor, Mrs. C. H. Whitman,
Campbell: press. Mrs. C O. Southard. San
FranciEOo; antl-narcotlcs, Mrs. J. IX Parvia,
Modesto; school savings banks, Mrs. R. A.
Eramons, San Francisco; Demorest medal con
test. Miss Helen McLean. Alameda; free read
ing; rooms. Mrs. J. Shattuck Morey. Holllster;
evangelistic work. Mrs. J. L. Evarts. Santa
Cruz; unfermented wine, Mrs. S. M. M. Wood
man. Chico; systematic giving:. Mrs. D. 6.
Dlckson, Petaluma; prison work. Mrs. A. B.
Gove, Oakland; railroad employes. Mrs. M. E.
Jenks. Sacramento; work among soldiers and
sailors. Mrs. Alice Bradley.. San Francisco;
work among: lumbermen. Mrs. A. B. Campbell,
Fort Bragg; Indian work. Miss Ada Campbell,
San Francisco; Oriental work. Mrs. L. P. Wil
liams, San Francisco; Sabbath observance.
Mrs. C. Armstrong. Salinas: promotion of pur
ity. Mrs. A. Fryer. Berkeley: mothers' meet
ings, Mrs. J. r>. Jamison, Alameda; hospital
and almshouse, Mrs. C. S. Wood, Alameda;
mercy, Mra. -O. B." Gilford, Oakland; parlor
meetings, Mrs. T. M. Vaslit. San Francisco;
State and county fairs and rural work. Mrs. Z.
Buckmeister. Sacramento; flower mission. Mm.
Ella Prlngle. Santa Cruz: song, Mrs, Renowden
Bailey, San Jose; franchise, MIsb S. M. Sev
erance. College Park; Christian citizenship.
Mrs. Frank Wheat, San Francisco; peace and
arbitration. Mrs. F. M. Gray. San FVanclsco:
finance. Mrs. Grace M. Ktmball. Oakland: offi
cial reporter, Mrs. D. J. Spencer, San Fran
cisco.
Mrs. A. M. Ray of Sac
ramento Wins De
morest Medal
Debate.
WOMAN'S CHRISTIAN
TEMPERANCE UNION
ENDS ITS SESSION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Oct. 26.— The report that the
Mountain Copper Company had closed its
boarding-house at Iron Mountain, the
point where the company is involved in
a strike with its miners, is untrue. Ru
mors are In circulation . that the miners
would create trouble if the company at
tempted such a move. The company store
and canteen are both closed, but Ih8
boarding-house is open.
The copper company this morning
posted a notice at the mine announcing
that all strikers who chose to could re
port at noon for work and that those who
failed could ask for their time. Twelve
or fifteen applied for the pay that, was
coming to them, but the rebt neitiier re
ported for work nor demanded their time.
Most of the strikers are still at the mine.
This afternoon the copper company tel
ephoned to the Sheriff's office for an offi
cer to be sent to Iron Mountain. Deputy
Hunter was dispatched to the scene. This
move is not taken to indicate that serious
trouble is apprehended, but that It is
merely a measure of precaution. The
strikers held a meeting at Fielding Post
office, adjacent to the mine, yesterday
afternoon, at which the leaders addressed
th© strikers and appealed to them to re
main firm. A resolution to that effect was
passed by the miners.
Great precaution is being taken by the
leaders to prevent the strikers leaving
the camp. Should the company close Its
boarding-house there is no reason to fear
trouble at the mine in consequence. Many
of the men are married and have their
families at the mine. They have always
been permitted to take boarders if they
chose and a number of the strikers are
thus provided for. Not a few of the men
board themselves and while the company
runs its own store, cajiteen ajid boarding
house it has always pursued a liberal pol
icy with respect to employes patronizing
theee Institutions.
The Mountain Copper Company shows
no disposition to treat with the strikers
on other than Its own terms. The strikers
appear equally firm. The big smelting
plant at Keswick Is working full time
night and day.
Notifies Miners They
Must Work or
Ask for Their
1 1 1 1 1 "•
MOUNTAIN COPPER
COMPANY WILL NOT
YIELD TO STRIKERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, Oct. 26.— At least five or
six lives were lost and 140,000 worth of
property was destroyed in a storm that
swept the northern coast 150 miles from
Vancouver during "Wednesday night and
Thursday morning. Yesterday afternoon
two boats that had contained two or three
fishermen each were found drifting off
Gower Point, seventy miles from this city."
The boats were large new sailers and the
canvas on both was set, but when found
was sagging deep in the water. When the
boats were righted provisions were found
stowed away in both, so there Is no ques
tion that their recent occupants were
drowned when thrown out during the
gale.
The range of the storm- was about 300
miles along the coast, so far as can be
learned, and it was the roughest on rec
ord in that section. It began on Wednes
day afternoon, when three Klondike
steamers, bound from Skaguay for Van
couver and Settle, were compelled to
turn back for Bhelter after trying In vain
to get across Queen Charlotte Sound. The
steamer Alpha was the fourth, and she
got through, although she suffered con
slderable damage in making the run down
to Vancouver, arriving here on Thursday
afternoon. The steamer Comox came in
during the night, having watched the
Vancouver steamer Comet pick up the
fishing boats before mentioned.
The Comet is a powerful tug.vwhich had
over a million, feet of lumber In a raft.foi
the Hastings mill. She lost the raft and
a scow off.Gower Rocks, near where the
fishermen's boats were found. Two hours
later the steamer Brunette came along
and her towing rones were snapped under
the strain. She had two scows, which
broke to pieces on the rocks, and she also
lost her boom of logs. Captain Moody of
the Comox says that the trip he made
was the roughest he ever experienced on
this coast, and his steamer has been mak
ing twice-a-week trips to Port Neville for
nine years.
A number of email boats are missing
and several small steamers are reported
to be ashore.
Small Craft Wrecked,
Lives Lost and
Property De
stroyed.
DISASTROUS STORM
ALONG THE BRITISH
COLUMBIA COAST
Government Keeps Secret the Pas
senger List Out of Regard for
the Feelings of Those
< Assisted.
Sr>ecial Dissatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Oct. 26.— With decks and
cabins crowded with wearied men and a
few sad eyed women, the big Government
Transport Lawton pulled into the dock
this afternoon, bringing 550 of those who
were recently accounted the destitute of
Nome City. Starting northward in the
early spring with buoyant . hopes and
dreams of golden wealth in the far
stretching sands of Nome, they return by
the grace of a generous Government,
which now extends its protection to
further prevent their humiliation. No
names of those returning free are given
out. If a passenger list exists, as it must,
it is in the possession of the representa
tives of the Government and regarded as
strictly confidential.
Of the Lawton's passengers, there are
eighty-eight who are not the guests of
the Uovernment. Of these fifty-one are
cabin passengers and thirty-thrt-e are of
ficers and men of the wrecked cable
steamer Orizaba and four are soldiers who
have served their time and taken dis
charge trom posts on the lukon. Fully
B6« came down without any or with only
partial payment of fare. There were fif
teen women in -the crowd of destitute.
None of them were old. but all showed
plainly that in the far north they had
fared poorly.
The men as a whole appeared hardy and
vigorous— a surprisingly healthy lot to call
upon their Government for relief — but
among them ail there are few who have
hard words for Nome itself. The district
was overcrowded, they said; the massiof
litigation prevented any sort of develop
ment: no work was offered: they had
prone in without sufficient means. The
reasons, for their indigence are all plaus
ible and supported by the known facts.
On landing the crowd quickly separated,
and for several hours thereafter the rail
road ticket offices were crowded. A great
number seemed to have held on to enough
money to purchase tickets, mostly third
class, to their homes in other parts of the
country. It is said that probably not more
than fifty of the whole number arrived in
Seattle absolutely penniless.
One death occurred on tho voyage.
James O'Brien died of Bright's disease
on October IS, just as the Lawton was
coming into Dutch Harbor. Papers found
ajnong his papers showed mm to have once
been a sailor. He was about 50 years old.
Beyond this nothing of his identity could
be learned. The body was buried in Dutch
Harbor.
Two of the Lawton's indigent passen
gers' are Insane. W. Bauer and James
Carpenter were Yukon prospectors, who.
after a trip on which they must have un
dergone great hardships, were found by
another party in a starving condition and
mentally unbalanced. They were turned
over to th? military authorities at St.
Michael and sent to Nome for shipment
on the Lawton. Neither Is violent and it
is thousrht that with proper treatment
they will be restored to reason. They will
be examined here and probably 6ent to
one of the State asylums.
ALL COMB BACK EMPTY HANDED
Transport Lawton Brings
Five Hundred of Nome's
Destitute.
FUTILE THEIR
QUEST OF GOLD
AT THE NORTH
e^eciai Dispatch to The Call.
»
TACOMA. Oct. 26.— For some time Labor
Commissioner Blackman has been endeav
oring to obtain evidence showing that the
biff influx of Japanese laborers to thi3
country has been due largely to direct
violation of the contract labor law. Ha
announces that some time ago he obtained
an affidavit from J. F. Bishop, former
bookkeeper for W. II. Remington, labor
commissioner of the Northern Pacific.
Bishop took some money belonging to
Remington about a year ago and waa ar
rested. While Bishop was in jail Carr.-nts
sioner Blackman and Charles Claypool.
then assistant United States .District At
torney, obtained from him an eight-page
afildavit, which, it is claimed, gives posi
tive proof that the importation of Japan
ese has been a regular business. The a:;>
d&vit describes the plan of operations as
follows:
I was to proceed to Vancouver with suffi
cient funds for the purpose, viz. — one thousan.!
dollars — distribute the necessary amount re
quired to each Japanese, take receipts theru
for. and see that the men were started for
Tacoma, when I was to wire the nu:n:» r of
men sent ami the amount of money aiivanctil
to them to our agent at Seattle, who wad la
meet the men there and collect such money
from them as they ha<i not spent for railroad
fare and other necessary expenses, and return
It to me at Vancouver, to be used In forwanl
inr the next lot of men. ami so on. until the
required number of men (about nv« bundre-i>
had been procured.
1 Bishop says that under this arranRp
ir.ent he went to Vancouver and engaged
a lot of Japanese, who were sent through
j as planned. Then he 'was called home i>y
1 his principals, who, he claims, became
convinced that detectives were investigat
ing the matter. Bishop states further in
i the afildavit that in the fall of 1S9S or
I spring of. 1899 Remington engraved Y.
! Takaishi to go to Japan and engage for
I him 200 Japanese to work on the Northern
; Pacific. 1I« says Takaishi engaged anil
! sent over part of this number, but failed
to get them ail within the time specified.
He then returned and was employed ad
interpreter for the Japanese on the Clre
gon Short Line Railway under contract
with Remington.
The affidavit recites that Bishop waa
visited by Remington's agents, who, in
return for promises and J1100 In cash, ob»
talned from him the papers he possessed
sustaining the allegations made In his
j affidavit. Bishop says that Remington
was receiving 10 cents per day for every
Japanese he put at work; that in Au
gust. 1W9, he had 900 in the service of th3
Northern Pacific. 600 with the Oregon
Short Line and 30) with the Santa Fe. ami
that his profits on the Northern Pacific
alone for that month were about 51S0O.
Blackman has laid his evidence before
Secretary of the Treasury Gage.
Claims He Was Engaged to Meet Con
tract Japanese in Vancouver
and Escort Them Over
the Boundary.
BROUGHT IN HUNDREDS OF COOLIES
Sensational Affidavit by a
Former Northern Pacific
Bookkeeper.
IMPORTATION
OF LABOR FOR
THE RAILWAYS
Snedal Disratch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 26.— The State
Commission in Lunacy to-night an
nounced its findings in the investigation
into the sanity of Miss Mary Fraser of
Stockton. The findings are in substance
that P. B. Fraser. the father, was justl-
Iled in hia course in the case of his daugh
ter, but that her condition is such that
she ought not to be detained longer in
an asylum for the insane.
It had been expected that the commis
sion would recommend her detention, if
not in a private asylum at least in a
sanitarium, and the relatives of the girl
who were battling for her release were
so certain of this decision that they had
already mapped out a policy in which the
aid of the courts was to be invoked.
While the province of the Lunacy Com
mission extended only so far as to <>eter
mine whether the young woman should
longer be restrained of her liberty In a
licensed asylum, it is understood here to
have been the distinct conviction of the
commission that the girl, on account of
her eccentricities, as developed during the
investigation, was a proper subject for
parental watchfulness and even restraint.
However, these matters are regarded as
outside the scope of the commission, and
as addressing themselves to those who
are concerned in the young woman s wel
fare. The findings are as follows:
In the matter of the detention of Mary A.
Fraaer at the Pacific Hospital at Stockton CaJ
A complaint duly sworn to by , Edna Orr ,
James, liavlne be*n heretofore filed with tnts j
commission alleging that:
One Mary A. Kraser was wrongfully and^un
lawfully imprisoned, detained and depri\ ¦ e« «
her liberty bv one P. B. Franer In a private
asylum for Insane persons kept by F. P.. Clark. '
city of Stockton. State of California, that
»aid Mary A. Fraser was not. and n»>« wan,
an insane person; that the true cause of her
detention was the tyrannous determination on
the part of P. H. Fra«er. her father and Al
fred P Fraser. her brother, to forcibly com
pel her tn conform to their wishes in the mat
ter of certain family differences: that she was
imrrisoned for the purpose of discipline anil
ro veng»- that her said relatives well know, and
have always known, that she la of sound mind,
and competent in all respects, and the allega
tions contained in !>aid complaint having been
fully investigated at a meeting of this com
mission held at the city of Stockton »**«•
paid, on the 22<i and 23d days of October. 1300,
whereat Hon. C. N'. Post, actins as chairman.
Dr F. W. Hatch and Dr. W. P. Mathews
were oresent as members of the said commis
sion; also being present the complainant-Edna
Orr James, with her counsel. Fairall
Esq.. P. B. Fraser and his attorney, the Hon.
F. P. N'icol. and a large number of witnesses
having been examined under oath at said time
by this commission concerning the all-cation*
of said complainant, this commission being now
fully advised In the premises, finds the fol
lowing:
Fimt— That P. B. Fraser. the father of the
said Mary Fraser, did not place the said Mary
A. Fraser in the Pacific Hospital at Stockton
for th» purpose of discipline and reven««: but
thp.t, on the contrary, the said P. B. Fraser
was actuated In placing her In said hospital
by motives of affection and a desire to im
prove her condition.
Second — That the action of said P. B. Fraser
in placing the saM Mary A. Fraser tn the said
Pacific Hospital was, within a few hours after
such action, indorsed by four reputable phy
sicians, two of whom are recognized as being
among the most expert in this State.
Third — That after a residence of two months
and a half at sajd Pacific Hospital the con
dition of said Mary A. Fraser is such that she
oupht not to be detained tn a hospital for the
Insane. C. N. POST,
F. W. HATCH.
W. P. MATHEWS.
Commission In Lunacy. State of California.
Sacramento, October 26. 1900.
rants a Change.
Holds That He Acted for the Best in
Causing Her Commitment, but
Her Improvement War-
COMMENDS HER FATHER'S COURSE
Lunacy Commission Decides
She Need Not Longer
Be Detained.
MISS FRASER
TO QUIT HER
ASYLDM CELL
Special XHssalcb to The Call.
EAX RAFAEL, Oct. 26.— During the!
trial of J. E. King for the murder of S.
K. Church to-day the defense placed both
King and his wife on the stand and for
the fir&t time since the tragedy King's [
Bide of the trouble was made public. He
tettiiied that after the killing of Church
he started for Santa Rosa and that night
between the hours of 3 and 4 o'clock In
the morning he slipped into the Eagle
Hotel arid went to the room he and his
wile usually occupied when staying in
town. Not llnding her there he went along
the corridor of the hotel, softly calling
"Haitie." "Hattie." She did not answer
and he went away from the hotel and hid
in the brush by the creek for the next
three dayB. making occasional visits lo
town after dark.
Airs. King was the first witness called
thas moriiinc. She testified that on the
mornir^ of July 23 she and her husband
tuck their four horses to Stice's barn for
water, the door being open. Her husband
led one horse in and was holding the other
outsiae when Stice came over and said:
"You fellows hn'e a gall to water your
horses here without my permission." King
replied: "I did not know I was doing
anything wrong I don't think your
language was very gentlemanly." They
then went down to their camp on the
road. Tbey did not go near Suce's well
ai.d their horses were on the road.
Boon Church and Stice came down and
w tKt to the weli and commenced to nail
it up. They were saying all the time:
VCarcperp and tramps won't get any more
Oilier here." The two men came out on
the road and Church, using violent lan-
Suagc, advanced.
"I'll tear your tent off the fence and
put it in the middle of the road and blow
you off the earth," he declared, with
oaths.
Klnp, who -was sitting: on his bed, laid
his hand on his rirte and paid:
"Don't come any closer or I'll shoot"
'Shoot and be damnea," replied Church,
a.t the same time malung a rapid move
ment with his right naxid toward his hip
pocket. King fired without rising from
the bed. Church fell a;id Stice ran away,
afterward returning and taking Church
to his house, declining the assistance of
Kin/?. When Church fell Kins hurriod
to him and offered him water and aid
but both were declined.
When Mrs. King reached this point In
her story the prisoner exclaimed:
"I would sire worlds if I hadn't been
compelled to do it."
Speaking of King's flight Mrs. King
said: "My husband wanted to give ,
himself up. but I told him that the
Church boys and Stice would kill him on
the road and that Mrs. Stice had told me
to look out and have him hurry."
A severe cross-examination did not :
shake Mrs. King's story. \
King wai the next witness. His descrip
tion of how he looked for his wife in the
Eagle Hotel and called her name was dra
xr.atic. He told of having ceen armed man
In wagons patroling the roads while h«
was hiding- on the outskirts of the city
ajid overheard several remarks such as
".Pop it tn ii!tn on eight." This terrified
iiirc and he did not know what to do. ' He
wanted to see his wife for her advice.' He
dmed late at night several times in a
Santa Kosa. restaurant. On the third day
h<? escaped from the brush and struck out
across the country.
King was subjected a long and severe
cross-examination, lasting until late this
evening, but his story remained practi
cally unshaken. His marvelous coolness
on the stand was a surprise to every one
A strong effort will be made to close the
case to-morrow.
"Wife of the Slayer of Rancher Church
Testifies That the Killing
Waa in Self-
Defense.
FREQUENTLY ENTERED THE CITY
In Hiding Near Santa Rosa
While Officers Searched
lor Him.
KM TELLS
OF HIS CRIME
AND FLIGHT
Immediately upon tbe receipt of the tel
egram announcing Mr. Rodge.rs* illness
his wife and brother orGered a Bpecial
train sent to Willows for the purpose of
bringing him to his home in Sail Fran
cisco. They went over to Oakland a few
hours later to meet the expected speciai
and were informed by telephone that the
patient's condition waa too serious to
think of moving him. Dr. Rodgers,. hi;
brother, and the wife of the stricken man
will go up to Willows this morning.
Bridal Dlsx>atch to The Call.
WILLOWS, Oct. 26.— Atlorney
Arthur Rod gers of the firm of
Rodgers, Paterson & Slack of
San Francisco was suddenly
taken seriously 111 this forenoon
while out looking at some property near
Ell! Creek. His ailment is hemorrhage o£
the bowels.
A special train was dispatched from
Willows to Fruto to convey the sick
man to this place. He arrived here at
2 o"clock this afternoon and is now at
the Crawford House, under the care of
Dr. L. P. Tooley. To-night he is resting
easily, though not out of danger.
• - ¦
Wife of the Stricken Man
Will Hasten to His
Bedside. .
Condition Such That He
Cannot Be Brought
to His Home.
Reported to Be Resting
Easily, but Not Out
of Danger. -
Special Train Conveys Him
Within the Keach of
Physicians.
• — — ' v / :
San Franciscan Attacked by Sudden Sickness While on a Business
— Trip Into the Country.
ATTORNEY ARTHUR RODGERS
IS SERIOUSLY ILL AT WILLOWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1900.
3
Ed Borein, the cowpunchor
artist, has a striking full
page -in Sunday's; Call. ; - His
brush catches the ' life of the
plains with vigorous strength
where others fall. Cut this
page of his out carefully,
paste it on a suitable back
ground and see what • a swell
poster it makes.', ;-;;¦.-*' >.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
LIKE OPIUM EATERS
Coffee Drinkers Become Slaves.
"The experience, suffering and slavery
of some coffee drinkers would be almost
as interesting as the famous 'Confessions
of an Opium Eater/ " says a Boston man.
W. J. Tuson, 131 W. Newton street. "For
twenty years I used coffee- at the break-
fast table and. Incidentally, through the
day I craved it u a whisky drinker longs
for his morninr bracer. I knew perfectly
well that it was slowly killing me, but I
could not relinquish It.
"The effect on the nervous system was
finally, alarmlngr and ray general health
greatly Impaired. I had dyspepsia, se-
rious heart difficulty and Insomnia. When
I would lie down I would almost suffo-
cate. My doctor assured me It was due to
the action of caffeine (which Is the active
principle of coffee) on the heart.
"I persisted in its use. however, and
Buffered along Just as drunkards do. One
day, when I was feeling unusually de-
pressed, a friena whom I met looked me
over and said: "JTow. look here, old man;
I believe I know exactly what's the mat-
ter with you. Tou are a coffee fiend and
it's killing: you. I want to tell- you my
experience. I drank coffee and It ruined
my nerves, affected my heart and made
me a sallow, bilious old man, but through
' a friend who had been similarly afflicted
I found a blessed relief, and want to tell
you about it. Try Postum Food Coffee, a
grateful, delicious beverage, full of nour-
ishment, that will satisfy your taxte for
coffee and feed your nervous system back
into health, rather than tear it down as
coffee ha« been doing.'
k "I took my friend's advice, and within a
werk from that time my digestion seemed
perfect, I slept a sweet, refreshing sleep
all nJgbt. and my heart quit Its quivering
«Lr.c3 jumping. I have been steadily gain-
ing la health and vitality rieht along.".
iTWimnnr*TmiiiiniiiiiniM» - - *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ??????????t + mntMMTO
-t- -?¦
¦?- •*-
+ -*-
+ ¦ . '•••:>
? +
+ +
+ -4-
-?- . -4-
4- +
%\ OUR RECORD X
+ ' Twenty years' success In curing ?
-?- weakness and diseases of men. '•;./?¦
+ OUR GUARANTEE X
+"£; No pay required till patients are +
¦4- convinced that they are cured. -4»
.4-
I DR. MEYERS SCO.;
It SPECIALISTS t
*" W« cure Lost Manhood and "*"
"*¦ Weakness which accompanies It; "*"
"*! also Private Diseases. Varicocele. "*"
"*" Stricture, Blood Poison. Diseases **"
¦*¦ of the Kidneys. Bladder, etc. "*"
"*" Home cures a specialty. Private "*"
+ book, Question list, etc., free at ?
"?" office or by mall. Correspondence "?"
•?¦ confidential. -?•
"?¦ HOURS: Dally. 8 to 5. Evenlng3. >
+ 7 to 8. Sundays, 9 to 11. ELEVA- ?
? TOR ENTRANCE. ?
t T^l Market Street, t
>- * *¦" San Francisco. ?
?^•'-' ?
4- •*•
4- •*¦
4- ¦*
+ . «*¦
4- +
4- 4-
i i
*- -4-
+ ?
4- >
4- +
:- $
t • i
+>'¦?. -?¦
4- ?
4- ?
•¦?- ¦ spppinpp •*¦
# ? ? » 4 4 ? M ? 4 4 4 4 ? ? ? ? 4 ? ? 4-M-C
4% I um ¦ 4fc Ltflin A Raad Waterpirjf
ii I I B I IT" Smokeless Powder, la bv .'.<
1 _ I 9 111 »nd loaded in sheila. Sena
Hal Bit « *° r cataJoene of tportln*
UUIIU roods. GEO. tV. SHREVt.
**^ um TO Marls it it.
For a Cold In the Head. .'•
Laxative Bromo-Qulnino' Tablets. , •WILL COMPETE FOR
THE DAVIS CUPS
The sixth tournament for the Davis
cups will commence to-morrow at 10:30 on
the grounds of the California Club. It
will be a doubles handicap event. Grant
Smith and H. W. Crowell, George and
Robert Whitney, M. Johnson and W. B.
Collier, Du Val Moore and J." A. Code.
Kuehn and Delano, McKenzie and David
Painter, J. O'Brien and Percy Kahn are
the teams entered. The cups have been
won five times, but only twice by the
same team, and to : be retained perma
nently must be won by the same parties
five times.
Miss Alice May since her return from
Paris is a regular player on the California
Club courts. Miss Phoebe Painter also de
votes much time to the game and has
developed a good cross court stroke. Miss
Paula Wolff has taken up the game and
gives promise of being a good player.
Miss Elliot. Miss Pearl McCartney and
Mr. Elliot of the Alameda Club visited
the courts this week and played' several
matches with Professor Dally as a part
ner. Miss Pearl Mecartney and Professor
Dally beat Miss Elliott and brother, 6 — 4,
S— 0. 6—2, 6—2. Miss Elliott and Professor
Daily beat Miss Mecartney and Mr. El
liot. 6—2. 6-4.
Miss Alice May and J. A. Code beat
Miss Phoebe Painter and Professor Daily
in a close match. 7—6. Alice May and Miss
Painter, beat Paula Wolff and Professor
Daily 6 — 4. Miss May and Professor Dally
beat Miss Wolff and Miss Painter 6—0. In
singles Miss May beat Miss Wolff 6-8.
H. Young beat Judge Hunt, 3—6, 6—4,
6—4. Crowell defeated Johnson, 6—1. 6—3.
Johnson beat J. A. Code In a close rub,
2—6, fr-4. 6—4.
Foley and J. Condon: G. B. Hay ward and
P. Ryan vs. W. Fisher and W. H. Sie
berst; L. Waterman and D. J. Sheehan
vs. J. R. Bockman and E. McDonough; J.
RIordan and E. Curley vs. J. Harlow and
W Magulre; M. J. Kilgallon and R. Llce
han va. J. White and J. Collins.
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
£ FOR THE RIFLEMEN
The third National Bundes shooting fes
tival will take place at Shell Mound Park
next year, between July 14 and July 23.
The following events and prizes have been
arranged: - •¦ - . ,-•
Ring targets, cash prizes $1550; man tar
gets, cash prizes $1200; . hunters' targets,
cash prizes $300; standard targets, cash
prizes $900 ; point : targets, cash prizes $1200
and gold and silver medals; Blunt targets,
trophies and medals; honorary targets,
for members ; of National , Shooting Bund
only, consisting of target Eureka, prizes
donated by friends of rifle shooting, value
$10,000, and target Germania, : cash prizes
fiwu. .. ... .......
BERKELEY CHALLENGES
WASHINGTON OARSMEN
From time to time during the last few
years there has been talk of rowing being
taken iip seriously at the University of
California, but. though the undergradu
ates have made ppaemodlc appearances In
public, the sport has never attracted much
attention or excited much interest. The
¦University of California Rowing Associa
tion has been reconstituted and has Issued
a challenge to the University' of Wash
ington for a four-oared race, to take place
•within twelve months. Rowing being
dead or practically non-existent at Stan
ford University, the nearest college to
compete with tne University of California
Is Washington. The University of Wash
ington has a fine body of water available
for rowing — Lake* Union, near Seattle —
and already has a crew. During the win
ter and spring, however, the Washington
men have not much opportunity to prac
tice, and It is probable that the match
will not take place until next summer or
fall. The scene of the contest will prob
ably be Lake Union or Oakland Creek.
The University of California Boating As-
SWIMMING MATCHES
AT SUTRO BATHS
To-morrow afternoon the followng: con
tests will take place at Sutro baths:
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles — F. Manning,
M. Ramsay, E. Harrington, D. Shipley, R.
Herman, F. Wolfe. C. Crist. F. Magner,
D. Hand, H. Dixon, E. Eganl, J. Patton,
H. Cross, S. Flnnigan, T. McKillop. P. Re
vert. J. Mackel, C. Duke. D. Kerwln, E.
Wells, G. Buzzor.1, J. Douglass, 8. Grue
man and C. Donovan.
Under watex swimming contest, diving
for plates ana high diving for boys, open
to all.
One-hundred-yard race, amateurs— A.
Hoffman, P.- Sunberg, F. Ralston, C.
Augustus, A. Reese, L. Scott, F. Bodie, J.
Bradley. E. Raynold. R. Riding. J. Gar
diner. H. Wolbert, G. Irvine, T. Thomp
son, W. Carroll. J. Erasmy. R. Keelar, A;
Clayton, C. Kurran, R. Herman and W.
Cook.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— J.
A. Jackson, H. Lelcken, H. Ryan, L.
Summber, J. King, C. Butterworth, J.
Rogers, J. Gardiner, P. Logan, F. Brown
G. Kelly. E. Bell, L. Haywards, T. Car
ter and J. Dlxon.
SANTA CRUZ CRICKET
ELEVEN VISITS CITY
The cricket team of. the Santa Cru»
Country Club will reach Alameda by the
early train this morning and will proceed
at once to the Webster-street ground. The
following make up the visiting team: J.
F. Coope, H. F. Anderson, A. Fortescue,
H. Dickson, B. Day, G. Gellatly, H.
Thomas. A. Bowley, F. W. Stansfeld, A.
Jenkins and E. F. Hilton. A. O. Sheatn
will Join the team here and one of the
twelve will officiate as umpire. The vis
itors will play against the Alameda
Cricket Club to-day and against the Pa
cific Cricket Club to-morrow. The Ala
meda representatives will be chosen from
the following: R. B. Hogue, J: H. Saun
ders, F. Croll, H. Ward Jr., V. Seebeck.
B. Bird, W. G. Fortmann, P. E. McLean,
W. RIchter and F. Stahl. The visitors
will be quartered at the Occidental Hotel
and will be the guests of the local crick
eters at an informal smoker to-night. The
Pacific eleven to-morrow will be made up
as follows: H. C. Casidy (captain), J.
Myers, C. P. Coles, George Theobald, J.
J. Theobald, A. W. Wilding, D. Jamieson,
W. Jamieson, Fane Sewell, A. B. 4 Willis
and W. Henderson. The committee ap
pointed to look after the comfort of the
visitors during their stay In this city la
made up of H. C. Casidy of the Pacific
Club, H. Ward of the Alameda Club and
E. G. Sloman of the Callfornias. The
Santa Cruz team- possesses' considerable
batting and bowling strength and Inter
esting games are expected.
"Not much of anything" Is the reply of
the duck shooters when prodded with
questions about the size of their strings,
and in most Instances they adhere strictly
to the truth. This warm spell has played
havoc with successful shooting, and
brought very little else but misery to the
few shooters who have frequented the
marshes during the week. Not only have
the birds been scarce, but the physical
discomfort consequent upon working in a
pond with a fierce sun overhead has
taken all enthusiasm out of the occasional
shooter and most of It out of the fanatic.
The Suisun marshes are still the favored
quarters. Last Sunday the total number
of birds bagged by the members of the
Field and Tule Club at Cordelia did not
reach 100— a very small number In com
parison with past shoots, which showed
as many to a single gun. On Wednesday
H. B. Hosmer, Al Cummings and J. V.
Coleman were out to force their luck.
They returned with sour faces and bad
tempers.
C. A. Halght, "W. J. Hynes, James May
nard, Ed Wands, H. -Jessons and Billy
Wattson tried the pondB of 'the Canvas
back Club on Sunday. Billy Watson was
high man, with only a fair string. May
nard bagged twenty-three English enlpe.
J. J. Altube and J. Fatjo of Los Banos
claim to have had a good shoot. early in
the week. *
Colonel Eddy was one of the lucky ones
last Sunday. He sent a sack of birds to
the city.
Dr. C. ,G. Levison, Dr. Quinan, K. Qul
nan. Captain , Self ridge and J. B. .Kenniff
were out for a coyote hunt on Sunday
last back of Pinole. They killed three in
a day's hard work. All agree as to the
number and to the great quantities of
quail and Jacksnipe in the neighborhood.
Hiram Hall, S. Isaacs and H. D. Nichols
f hot on Tubbs Island last Sunday. They
bagged Beventy ducks jn all. :
The quail shooters are, not over-anxious
this season, although good! reports come
from Marin and adjacent counties. Unless
Shooters Want Wind,
Rain and Some Cold,
Snappy Weather.
DUCKS ARE
VERY SCARCE
the hot weather comes to a quick termina
tion the first days of the quail season will
not be enjoyed by the many nlmrods
whose late autumn shooting is confined to
this sport.
During the last three weefcs Sacramento
has broken loose from the bunch of clubs
and gone up the column like mercury
•with a. hot cigar under the bulb of the
thermometer. About 50 per cent separates
the Senators from the local team and the
chances of the latter to touch the for
mer thi»> season are rery slender. Oniy
by a Fucce*=sion of great disasters to Sac
ramento and rope-colored visitations of
luck to San Francisco can the breach be
narrowed.
For a time the race for championship
honors was as exciting as even the mo»t
rabid fanatic could picture. Then the
local team slumped ar.d by so doing sent
6hafta of pain into ihe hearts of thou-
Muids who had worn out lungs and
throa-ta in Its behalf. Xot so with Sacra
mento. That team continued to play
championship ball and when the Senators
met the Dude* It wa« an easy matter for
them to annex two out of the three game*
played. At Stockton last Sunday the Mill
ers rubbed two defeats into the Wasp3
and threw them down several pegs.
Stockton ha* been playing pood ball of
late and much interest is displayed in the
meet between Stockton and Sacramento
this week. From present indications the
race for second place will be the new
pha*e of Interest In the league strurplo.
If Btockton can keep up Its pace the local
team will find & battle below as well as
* battle above. Oakland seems destined
to cling to the bottom rim of the skirts.
The games on the local diamond this
week will be between San Francisco • and
Oakland. The teams will line up to-day
as follows: ...
Oakland. Positions. Sin Francisco.
Lohman Catcher Sullivan
Mosklman Pitehrr Iburg
Hutchlnson.. ........ First base Pabst
Held P^cond base Schwartz
Kelly ~... Third ba«e nnllly
Fraacke Shortstop ......Krug
Bowman l>ft field Levy
Drer.n»n -Center fi?l<l Brorkhoff
Hardle Rtpht field HUdebrand
ROUNDING THE LINKS
IN CLUB COMPETITION
Some changes have already taken place
in the challenge class of the ladles at the
Presidio link?. Miss Maud Mullins having
won second place by defeating Miss M. B.
Houghton and havlnc challenged Mrs. R.
Oilman Brown for first position. As Miss
Maud MtiMins has improved considerably
and is playing a strong game it Is thought
that r-he can make the contest Interesting
for Mr?. Brown.
La^t Saturday there were two competi
tions in driving on the course of the San
Francisco Golf Club, one being for best
average distance of three balls, with roll;
and the other for best average of three
balls on the carry. Both contests were
won by Lansing O. Kellogg. There was a
strong cross wind, which Interfered con
siderably with the direction of the drives.
It is not unlikely that some change will
be made in the regular competition among
the men held on the first Saturday in each
month on the Presidio links. Instead of
a handicap open to all members of the
club there may be a match between tftams
A and B. each consisting of eight or ten
players, over eighteen holes, stroke play,
with handicap. Last Saturday "Warren
Gregory, who won the previous contest
¦with a gross score of 103. received a han
dicap of plus 2. As he made the high
pcore of 119 the added two raised his card
to 121. The winner, J. 8. Severance, mad«
a score of 103 less 4—09 net.
A golf club has been organized in Sacra
mento, the men most active in its forma
tion being J. B. Wright, local superin
tendent of the Southern Pacific Railway
Company; W. H. Davis, private secretary
of Governor Gage: Otherman Stevens,
secretary of the State Lunacy Cgmmis
sion. and C. F. "Waymeyer. ;
Harry Vardon. open golf champion of
America and Great Britain, will visit the
Pacific Coast under the management of
C. S. Cox.
Champions, Mounted
on a Pedestal, Give the
Laugh to Other Teams
SACRAMENTO
IS SCORNFUL
sociation intends to purchase a four-oared
shell as soon as possible, and hopes later
to tzft an eight-oar.
Nor will rowing be confined to the men
at the University of California. The co
rds have formed the Young Ladies* Boat
Club of the University of California,
which held its first meeting in the club
house on Sessions Ba-«In last Monday aft
ernoon. The club is divided into two sec
tions, one of which meets on Monday and
the Other on Friday. It is under the di
rection of the executive committee of the
Associated Women Students. Miss Alma
Stockwell being manager and Miss Edna
Owen assistant manager. Mrs. G. E. Ma
gee is taking great interest In rowing as
an exercise and recreation for the girls,
and will fro out with them on Mondays,
whil«» Profepsor Magee will take charge
of them on Fridays.
The last event In the local yachting sea
son will take place to-morrow shortly
after noon, when the bridge at.Tlburon
will be raised, and the yachts will pass
into the sheltered waters of the lagoon,
there to remain in secure inaction until
the new century shall have been ushered
in for some months. Nearly all the
yachts of the Corinthian fleet and some
of the San Franciscos as well will go into
winter quarters in the lagoon.
Commodore > Cadu'c's fast sloop 7 Annie,
the flagship of the Oakland CanoeClub,
has recently been on the ways at Hun
ters Point, where she has been thorough
ly overhauled and put into perfect condi
tion. To-morrow she will take the mem
bers of the Canoe Club out for the annual
cruise on the ocean. She will be towed
from her, moorings in Sessions Basin out
to the heads and will then shape her
course according to the conditions of pre
vailing wind and tide. As the tide does
not begin to flood until evening, she will
probably not reach the city on the return
until midnight or, Monday morning. The
reception and dance set down on the pro
gramme of the Canoe Club will take place
on some later date. The club has re
cently taken In some . new members,
Charles D. Bates Jr. and W. S. Sanborn
having been elected already, while E. M.
Moores and Fred Smith will be elected to
morrow. During .the past season the club
has expended several hundred dollars In
repairing its clubhouse and float, In re
furnishing the living-room and making
other improvements.'. ~ ¦ ¦
The South Bay. Yacht Club will close
the season with a barbecue at Dumbar
ton Point on Sunday, November 4. Frank
Cottle'a schooner Estrellais on a duck
hunting trir> up the San Joaquln River,
and Vice "Commodore R. Coykendall is
contemplating a similar outing. Commo
dore A. Eaton and- a party on the yacht
Amy" recently obtained a fair, bag of rail
on the sloughs. The deck of ' the yacht
Cloud has been recanvased, and a canopy
and . curtains > are . being added to the
launch Bessie. ...
YACHTS RETIRE INTO
SHELTER OF LAGOON
' At the • San Francisco handball conrts
the following matches will be played to
morrow: W. "Williams and J. Lawless vs.
D. v Connelly and M. Basch ; T.* McManus
and J. McNamara vs. J.* Manning and T;
Finn; George McDonald and P. McKinnon
vs. M McNeil and M. McDonald : W.
"Walsh and E. "White vs. J. Killlan and T.
Serres; A. 1 McVlcker : and ,T. Leach .va. T.
Handball Entries.
BIG MEET ON
THE PLAINS
Annual Open Coursing
at Modesto Will Bo
Well Attended.
Last year the stake was confined to
thirty-two dogs and consumed two days
in the running. But this was at Merced,
where the hares were so scarce on the
first day that very often an hour elapsed
between separate courses. The commit
, tee sent to Mode3to to investigate condi
tion reports a plenitude of hares and
the fields In fine condition. More than
that, accommodations at Modesto are so
much suoerior to those of Merced that
comparison is almost out of the question.
The coursing ground is three miles out
of Modesto. A much larger entry Is antic
ipated this year.
With the echoes of the $6600 John Oraca
cup still lingering on the ear the eager
coursing men are planning for the next
annual and they say u will surpass any
thing In the way of coursing ever held In,
any country. The great English "Water
loo was but $1000 ahead of the last John
Grace cup. Next year the John Grace
cup will be for $10,00") mprlzes If present
plans do not miscarry. This 13 high class
coursing with a vengeance.
George Malcolm, who nominated Sacra
mento Boy, received $630 of the $1500 purse
the dog won. .
The stake to-day and to-morrow at
Union Park has 112 entries and numberj
many fine hounds In the list.
. : ---.-i-:-r ¦'••• - . . .' *J
The annaal Journey to the plains wirp
be a big event this year. The coursing
men are taking an, active Interest in the.
meeting and promise to enter their best
dogs.
The Bay City Athletic Club, the latest
.'.The 'fight-giving clubs are all ruanlng
toward amateur contests these days, a
form of the pugilistic sport made. popular
by Alec Greggains, who runs the San
Francisco Athletic Club.
PRIZEFIGHT MATCHES
OF THENE0R FUTURE
in the flelfl. has announced Its next list of
matches, and the Golden Gate Club will
noon follow.
The only professional card on the tapis
is the Neill-Tremble fight, with two pre
liminaries—Thurston and Lewis and Irwis
and Toy-to be. given, by the Columbia, i
Club on October 31. Ben Tremble. th«
b , r< £ he ?>, of * J L m - h T as been trained by Tim
McGrath at San Jose, which place he will
leave to-day for this city, where the fla
ishlne touches will be out on.
ON the Sixteenth and Folsom
street grounds at 3 o'clock this
afternoon the freshman teams of
the University of California and
Stanford will line up for the sev
enth annual contest. To the freshmen this
gridiron event is as the ranlty Intercol
legiate game is to the college. This In
itself connotes vast quantities of noise
nnd much color display. It will be a pre
lude to the big Thanksgiving game.
Farm comparisons mark the California
freshrrrn as winners, and it would b? a
surprise to the California contingent, as
well as the cardinal, if a reversal of form
rhould be exhibited on the field this after
noon. But the great majority of inter
collegiate freshman games have been sur
prises. Form seems to have been turned
topey-turvy with these beginners in inter
collegiate gridiron combats.
While the freshmen are smashing into
• ach other on the ;ocal lield the n«.!Iai;c<
club will bat'le with the fnivrsity of Nfe
\a/la team on the Reno gridiron. Th<
clubmen left this city 'ast night for Reno
for a game with the Nevadars. confident
ly exprctir.g a victory
"This is the way the freshmen will line
up:
of California sends a team into the inter
collegiate freshman game. which is easily
the equal of an ordinary college second
eleven. With an average stripped weight
of 167 pounds, the "haby team" presents
a husky front, indeed. Added to tbis the
freihir.en have some notable ind'viduul
players, whose work has been brilliant
enough to Insure them coveted places on
the varsity squad. To complete all. that
last week baa seen a phenomenal brace,
l.oth .is regards spirit and team play.
I ick and Santa Clara, both of whom could
have beaK-n the freshmen two weeks ago,
have been deft a ted by large scores within
the lost live days.
Competition for the place.s has been keen
and careful distinctions have had to be
made before 1 the r«on were picked. Espe
cially is this true of the positions behind
the "line, for which seven strong candi
dates have been Striving with almost even
credit. Sherman. Whipple. Kaeding and
McCormlck are four halfbacks of un
usual ability. Sherman has been conceded
his plsi«-e from the first. He excels in
swift j-c-ittered field running:, in fighting
through the line, holding his feet with re
markable tenacity; and in strong defens
ive work. The other half has been evenly
fought for by Kaeding and Whipple. The
former, during his rival's prolonged ab
sence on account of a bruised shoulder,
developed surprising ability for so light
n man. But Whipple, in the week that
he has been out a.qaJn, has shown that,
besides superior weight, he possesses all
the m-cessary speed and strength to win
him the plate. In both end running and
lino smashing; he has proved himself an
Invaluable man. Skinner and Rowland
have been struggling neck and neck for
(liiartorback Both, are splendid dashing
players, equally gmd nt passing the ball
or running with it. clever in the inter
ference, and fierce, sure tacklers. Row
land's superior weight, more than any
thing else, gives him the position.
Fautz has been all along the man for
fullback, his work being of such a high
order that he has been deemed valuable
varsity material. IIi« punting is above
the ordinary and his line bucking is much
better since he has corrected, to a great
degree, his tendency to get off slowly and
hit the line high. '
The line is now a source of considerable
satisfaction to the coaches. It is heavy
and strong and has developed some co
herent team-play, especially on the de
fensive—a point in which most freshman
teams are notably weak. With Captain
Starr; a- man slated for the varsity, at
left end. and with Stow, the star tackle,
who. has been moved up to right guard
on both varsity and freshman teams, the
line possesses two extraordinary players.
Sta-rr is still suffering from a rather se-
vere blow received a week ago— an injury
which may force him to leave the game
ea The two tackles will be Savage and
Ramsaur. The latter man has. until late
ly, been a candidate for* fullback. But
Fautz has had such a lead on the pl-tco
that ho has consented to be shifted to
the line, where his improved play would
seem to indicate that he has finally found
his right place. Stow's mate at guard is
Hector, the old Olympic center rush. Both
these men. like the tackles, are unusually
husky men. Phillips at center has won
his place from Duff by a superiority in
defensive play. He is rather small, but
plays a stiff aggressive game.
In the practice this evening Starr, cap
tain and left end. sustained injuries
which will incapacitate him from playing
in the game to-morrow. Stowe will cap
tain the team in his place.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 26.—
The freshman team which will represent
Stanford in the annual intercollegiate
match to-morrow is the most evenly bal
anced aggregation that has represented
the cardinal for several years. It has no
stars, nor Is there any one man who Is
expected to do more for a victory than
any other one member of the team. The
men feel that- they have a fighting chance
of winning and each is ready to do his part.
"PLAY HARD, FRESHMEN!" WILL
BE THE CRY OF COLLEGIANS
at full, who axe bothered with sprained
knees. * v. „,
The varsity team was put at heavy
practice on Wednesday against the sec
ond team. The play was brtsk and the
big team had no trouble In working biff
pains. The most appreciable improve
ment was In the punting of Hills, his Ions
drives averaging fifty yards.
In the evening the colleco people will
attand a monster entertainment given at
8 o'clock in Golden Gate Hall, the proceeds
to b* devoted to the use of the Stanford
University Constitutional Amendment
Club.
The team, is light— probably the lightest
freshman team that Stanford has ever
sent out. To offset this disadvantage la
speed, grit and cleverness. The team
work wiil probably not be above the aver
age, as several of 'the men back of the line
have been out of the frame the past week
on -account of either sickness or injury.
In the only game of this last week,
they were tied by the Palo Alto team and
very nearly defeated. Their work in mass
formation was little superior to that of
three weeks ago. However, the men will
go in to-morrow's game In the best con
dition, barring Lunt at left end and Clark
SPORTS: FOOTBALL, RACING, SHOOTING, COURSING,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1901^
4
I I I
NAME.
POSITION. |Agf Wt
_j \
1r T«. St.--:
;• M. B&vaj
rt Ilfvtor .
ey F. Phil
M. Btowt.
.Rt
ll
....U^eil end 19 150
,I^eft larkle 20 1€S
;I>eft nuard 25 j ISO
....li'cnter I 20 | 16'J
....iniRbt guard I 2<i it?
ur. Kisht tackle I 22 1 1S4
ard L WH
1 llow!an<l
rt P. S?h<M
O. Whtp|>
ard Fautz.
iit..Jp.!i-lH end 20 \ 14!.
[tjuarterhack 20 \ 149
i...!I>>rt halfback.... IS j K.J
iKIpht halfback.. 19 175
....iPiillback I 19 | 175
B".
TAXFOltD.
I I I
NA1IE.
POSITION. |Arp Wt
3. C.
ll^oft pnd.. 19 ! 150
jl>>ft tackle 20 172
....ILpft puard 20 17. r .
IConter 21 W>
m.-IHiRht fruard 21 i 17»
!Hii;ht tackle 18 1ST.
uu.M rnn j» i i<u
Ouartpr 19 ! l",0
<^uitri*T l 15 i !•»'
a: h
|Full !» i 1'3
ii
M.
ll *f » I... if 1Q I tr.n
iijpft half 19 I 150
SI
iRifjht half ! 19 ITM
2RKELE
Y.
Oct. 26.— The University
Games
ia
CLTJBS.
&di 1
cvnt
Efccramer.to
fan Francisco...
Stockton
Oakland
.. 42
:: 2
.575
7,\
»62f
r«
Games
ia
CLTJBS.
&di 1
cvnt
Efccramer.to
fan Francisco...
Stockton
Oakland
.. 42
:: 2
.575
7,\
»62f
r«
I I I
NAME.
POSITION. |Agf Wt
_j \
1r T«. St.--:
;• M. B&vaj
rt Ilfvtor .
ey F. Phil
M. Btowt.
.Rt
ll
....U^eil end 19 150
,I^eft larkle 20 1€S
;I>eft nuard 25 j ISO
....li'cnter I 20 | 16'J
....iniRbt guard I 2<i it?
ur. Kisht tackle I 22 1 1S4
ard L WH
1 llow!an<l
rt P. S?h<M
O. Whtp|>
ard Fautz.
iit..Jp.!i-lH end 20 \ 14!.
[tjuarterhack 20 \ 149
i...!I>>rt halfback.... IS j K.J
iKIpht halfback.. 19 175
....iPiillback I 19 | 175
B".
TAXFOltD.
I I I
NA1IE.
POSITION. |Arp Wt
3. C.
ll^oft pnd.. 19 ! 150
jl>>ft tackle 20 172
....ILpft puard 20 17. r .
IConter 21 W>
m.-IHiRht fruard 21 i 17»
!Hii;ht tackle 18 1ST.
uu.M rnn j» i i<u
Ouartpr 19 ! l",0
<^uitri*T l 15 i !•»'
a: h
|Full !» i 1'3
ii
M.
ll *f » I... if 1Q I tr.n
iijpft half 19 I 150
SI
iRifjht half ! 19 ITM
2RKELE
Y.
Oct. 26.— The UniversityTaylor, president of the McKlnley Club.
Th© speakers wer© Hon. E. F. Loud
Judjsre Bond of Santa Clara, and E. Myrori
Wolf of San Francisco. Walter A. Clark
of Mountain View explained the Stanford
amendment. The meeting waa the largest
ever held here and the speakers were ap
plauded to the echo. This section Is safely
in the McKlnley column and for Loud for
Congress.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 26.—
Fifteen hundred students and alumni
watched the team composed of Stanford
graduates humiliate the varsity to-day in
one of the most exciting campus games
of the season. The score— Alumni 13, Var
sity 0— only partially tells the tale. From
the time that Traeger missed two at
tempts to kick off till Yost carried the ball
over for the last touchdown everything
went in favor of the alumni. The under
graduates forgot all they had learned in
two months' coaching and bowed meekly
to the spirit of '95.
With Reynolds, Flckert and Murphy in
the play the graduates were able to circle
the varsity ends repeatedly. Murphy at
quarter was the star of the game, his
fifty-yard run through a scattered field
being the feature of the day. The line
up was as follows:
Alumni. Position. Varsity
Nourse... L-End— R Cooper
Fickert L— Tackle— R Burnett
Luvers L — Guard — R Seeley
Gregory • Center i^
T. McFadden R— Guard— L r> Forrest
Harper R— Tackle— L Traeger
Parker R— End— L. Allen
Murphy Quarter B r b
Plote .......Lr-Half— R Fisher. Smith
Reynolds R— Half— L Gelssler
Yost... Fullback .Hill
Umpire — Haslocher, '00. Referee— Andryde
ex-'?5.
The game opened by the alumni kicking
off to Hill, who returned to Murphy. The
alumni was forced to kick again, but re
gained the ball on a returned. Coach Yost
at full for the alumni made three yards
through the line and helped Reynolds
make -twenty more by magnificent inter
ference. Twice the varsity's five-yard line
was crossed, but-each time the ex-stars
were unable to force the ball over. Flnally
Murphy punted from the middle of the
field to GeisBler.who was forced over his
own goal line for a safety. Score— Alum
ni 2, Varsity 0. Time was called at the
end of this play.
During the play of this half Fisher, var
sity halfback, was sent from the field with
a broken collarbone, an Injury that may
keep him. out of the big Thanksgiving
game.
In the second half the reverse of what
was expected happened. From the fact
that the alumni players had had no train
ing It was argued that they would lack
both speed and strength. Everybody was
surprised when they braced up and made
two touchdowns. - ;
With Hill out of the game. Murphy be
gan the punting contest. Two punts were
all that were necessary for a touchdown
for both times the alumni ends were too
fast for their opponents. Barker followed
the oval and fell upon it when Gelssler
had finished toying ? with it back of the
goal-posts. Murphy kicked the goal. The
score was 8 to 0. .
The second touchdown was made after
Yost had recovered the ball from Mur
phy's punt. With- the leather tucked
neatly under his arm, the speediest quar
ter that .Stanford ever h'ad started his
sinuous; course for a: fifty-yard ; run
through the midst of the varsity- tacklers
and was not stopped until he had planted
the ball within two feet of the goal. Yost
easily put It over just as time was called.
Murphy failed to goal.- Final score—Alum
ni 13. Varsity 0.
Varsity Team of Stan-r
ford Meets Crush
ing Defeat.
BEATEN BY
THE ALUMNI
NEW. YORK, Oct. 25.— The weather was
threatening at the Empire City racetrack
to-day and the smallest crowd of the
meeting was In attendance. Results:.
About six furlongs— Banastar. won, Bastlle
stcond, St. Finnan third. Time, 1:08*4.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Armor won,
Fleurcm second. Tartar third.. Time, 1:44%.
Tuckaboe Flakes, about six furlongs — Trumpet
won. The Pride second, Trillo third. Time,
1:C*V4.
Mile and a sixteenth— Intrusive won, Herbert
Bc<-ond. Humboldt third. Time. 1:46%.
About six furlongs— Sweet Tooth won, Lady
of the Valley second, Rappenecker third. Time,
1:10.
Mile and a sixteenth. Belling— General Mart
Gary won. Brisk second. Prestidigitator third.
Time, 1:4SH.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— Results at Harlem:
Five furlongs— La Desirous won, Audie sec
ond. Ida V third. Time. 1:02 2-5.
Six furlongs — Sharp Bird won. The Lady in
Blue second. Daley O third. Time, 1:13 4-5.
Steeplechase, short course— Frond won. . Free
Advice second. Negligence third. Time. 3:37 3-5.
Mile and fiity yards— Bill Garrett won. Eva
Klce second. Scarlet Lily third. Time. 1:43 S-5.
One mile, two-year-olds— Robert Waddell won,
Tyr second. Seneca third. Time, 1:40 1-67
Mile and an eighth— Aloha II won, Aurea sec
ond, Banish third. Time, 1:M 2-5.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 26.— Results. at KInloch
Park:
Five furlongs— Bedner won, Echo Dale «ec
ond. Maggie McHale third. Time. 1:02%. Oude
tarde finished first, but waa' disqualified for
fouling. %
One mile — Gaeton won, Sago second. Moss
Uoee third. Time, 1:42.
Seven furlongs— Hi Nocker won. Reseda sec
ond, Regatta third. Time, 1:2S.
Six furlongs — Foyntz won, William Boyer
rccond, Varro third. Time, 1:164.
Five and a half furlongs— Horseshoe Tobacco
von. Four Leaf C second, Maydtne third. Time,
l:0S.
Seven furlongs — Wideman won, Uterp second.
Linden Ella third. Time, 1:23.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 26.— The first heat
race of the meeting was run at Newport
to-day. To-morrow the match race be
tween John Yerkes and The ' Rush will
be run. Latonia will open Monday. Re
sults:
One mile, selling — Indian won Suave second,
Ben Battle third. Time. \Al\.
Six and a half furlongs, selling:— Blenheim
won. Irla second, Spaldy f third. Time, 1:21U.
One mile, heats— Pantland won. Megga sec
ond. Prince Zeno third. Time, lMl'j.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Left Bower won,
Itftholin second. Colbert third. Time, 1:54.
Six furlongs, celling— Miss Aubrey won, Lit
tle Tim second. Senator Devcridge third. Time.
1:15. •
Six and a half furlongs— Brulare won, Bart
Fcnso second. Fairy Dell third. Time, 1:20%.
I'ostponed the Boxing Bouts.
OAKLAND. Oct. 26.— On account of the
retail clerks' first grand ball coming on
the same night, the Reliance Club has
postponed Its boxing night from Novem
ber 1 to Friday evening, the .th. The pro
gramme* that night will be between the
following boxers: George Watson of the
South End. Rowing Club vs. Dick Martin
of San Francisco: Charles Juhnson vs.
Jack Dean, both of San ; Francisco; Tom
Herman of San Francisco vs. Billy De
coursey of Los Angeles. The first two
contests will be . ten ¦ rounds and the. third
fifteen. .
Attendance at Empire
City Track the Poorest
of the Season.
RACE EVENTS
IN THE EAST
JACK JEFFRIES BREAKS
EVEN WITH STELZNER
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 26.— Jack Jeffrie*,
brother of th<> champion, and Jack Stelr
rier of Saji Francisco, fought a twenty
round draw here to-night before a large
audience under* the auspices of the Loss
Ar.geles Athletic Club. This Is Jeffries*
home town and the betting was 10 to 4
on him. but he could not "make good."
In the third round he had his opponent
proggy. but lost his head and failed to
land the finishing blow. Stelzner kept
away during the entire fight, waiting for
an opening, but taking no chances. Kcf
er*e John Brink declared the fight a draw
and the decision was well received.
EAS JUAN. Porto Rico, Oct. 26.— Tha mar
riage oT Lieutenant George W. Iy>pan, U. S.
JC., aid de camp of Governor Allen, to Minn
Iiertha Allen, daughter of the Governor, took
rlsc« at o'clock yeeterday evening in the
throneroom cf the palace here.
MOUNTAIN VIEW. Oct. 26.— The citi
zens of Mountain View turned out en
masse to-night at a Republican rally,
which was presided over by George G.
Loud at Mountain View.
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. 26.— Judge H. C.
Gooding addressed a large gathering, to
night at Scrlbner's Opera-house in behalf
of McKlnley and Roosevelt. Many Demo
crats were present and paid closj attention
to the Judge's ergument. The speech waa
liberally applauded. Senator S. C. Smith
made a short talk.
Judge Gooding at Bakersfleld.
Decision Affecting Registration.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 26.— The District
Attorney's offlce has rendered the County
Clerk an important opinion affecting reg
istration for municipal elections. It had
been thought that under the provisions
of the general registration act registration
for municipal elections should close forty
days prior to the day of election, but the
District Attorney declares that a special
municipal election law, passed by the
Legislature in March, 1S99, provides for
the holding open of registration books for
city elections until twenty-five days prior
to election, so that registration- for the
Los Angeles city election, which was to
have closed October 23, will be continued
until November 7.
tory of the Sonoma Town.
SEBASTOPOL, Oct. 26.— Probably the
greatest political demonstration ever held
In Sebastopol was that of to-night In
honor of Frank 1/. Coombs, Republican
nominee for Congress in this district. The
meeting was preceded by fireworks and
bonfire, and Parks' Santa Rosa band dis
coursed patriotic arid campaign airs. Vo
cal selections ¦were rendered by the Rough
Riders' Quartet from Santa Rosa. Mr.
Coombs made a strong talk, dealing with
campaign issues. He was followed by F.
A. Cromwell, Republican nominee for the
Assembly in the Sixteenth District, and
John J. Mazza, Barnes' Hall, in which
the meeting was held, was not large
enough to contain the throng that gath
ered to hear the speakers.
Greatest Demonstration in the His-
SEBASTOPOL GREETS COOMBS.
STOCKTON. Oct. 26.— George A. Knight
of San Francisco made a vote-winning ad
dress at Mascnic Hall to-night. The
speaker was at his best and had for an
audience a throng which seemed to be in
thorough accord with his sentiments. The
speaker made Colonel Bryan and his Isms
the paramount issue of the campaign, and
treated the subject with keen sarcasm and
irony. Every reference to -the flag, the
army and navy and the President was
cheered to the echo. The financial and
general prosperity of the country was
placed before the audience, and the full
dinner pail proved' to be the rule and not
the exception throughout the land. The
Rough Riders, an organization of Repub
lican young men, escorted the speaker to
and from his hotel.
His Theine.
San Franciscan Makes Bryanisms
After marching and counter marching
on Main street, the procession was dis
banded and the Armory Hall was quickly
filled, many people failing to gain admis
sion. W. A. Anderson presided, and the
stage was crowded with prominent Re
publicans from ail over the county. The
principal speaker was Hon. Sam M.
Shortrldge. He delivered an eloquent and
telling speech, the strong features of which
were loudly applauded. He discussed all
the leading issues of the campaign in a
logical and conclusive manner and suc
ceeded In arousing more enthusiasm than
has been manifested at any other meet
ing of the campaign here. It was a great
meeting and the local Republicans are
pleased with its success.
KNIGHT'S VOTE-WINNING TALK.
WOODLAND. Oct. 26.— The Republican
rally this evening was the largest of the
campaign In Woodland. Local Republi
cans were out in strong force and they
were reinforced by the State Capital Club
and Rough Riders of Sacramento, about
200 strong. The excursion train from Sac
ramento was an hour late. There was a
torchlight procession in which 400 march
ers participated. The sidewalks were
lined with people and two brans bands
enlivened the occasion with stirring airs.
Samuel M. Shortridge Talks to Yolo
County Republicans.
GREAT RALLY AT WOODLAND.
tion. He said he had Just completed a
three weeks' tour of Marin County and
was confident the Republicans would
sweep that section. He was greatly en
couraged over the prospects.
ANTIOCH, Oct. 26.— Two thousand per
sons crowded into, the Town Hall to-night
to: hear" Congressman Victor H. Metcalf
and CM. Belshaw, candidate for State
Senator. This was the largest political
demonstration ever held in ¦ this section.
From Pinole a special train was run to
accommodate" ¦ the people along the "line
who desired to take part, in the gathering
in : honor.; of the nominees. Accompanying
the train was a 1 brass band. At Antioch
more.bands, with benflres and fireworks,
greeted the visitors. There was a big pa
rade ; through town ; before the speech
making began. '
¦ The Town Hall was jammed when J. Rio
Baker, president of the evening, called the
meeting '1 to : order, y Congressman * Metcalf
was k received with tremendous cheering.
He spoke for. an hour upon the Issues in
.volved •• In ; the national; campaign. ¦;.;, '
Candidate Belshaw • was given an ova-
shaw Deliver , Speeches.
Congressman Metcalf and C. M. Bel-
ANTIOOH'S GREATEST RALLY.
AUBURN, Oct. 26.— Seldom, if ever be
fore, have the people of Placer County
given such a reception to a candidate as
that to-night accorded "Sam p. Woods,
nominee for Congress in this district on
the Republican ticket. The evening's pro
gramme opened with a procession of torch
bearers, who marched through the streets
accompanied by a brass band from Pen
rvn and the local band. Along the line of
march the streets were lined with people
o- Auburn, | Newcastle. Penryn and • tho
surrounding country, who discharged fire
works and cheered continuously for
Woods and the Republican ticket. The
procession, which was in column of fours,
was several blocks long and when it
reached the opera-house, where the meet-
Ing was held, it found every seat taken
and many of the marchers were unable
to gain admission.
When Mr. Woods stepped upon the stage
he received a splendid ovation and j the
unfurling of a large American flag bear-
Ing the words, "Who will haul down the
flag?" ... brought the people to their feet
in an uproar of applause. The enthusiasm
with which Mr. Woods' speech was re
ceived could not have been surpassed. At
times it was so extreme as to cause the
speaker to pause for . several moments.
The chairman of the ecenlng was Judge
Fulweiler. -:.": '-.:
Sam D. Woods.
Auburn's Enthusiastic Reception to
PABADE AND PYROTECHNICS.
Throughout the day at every town and
hamlet the procession was received with
enthusiasm. From every sound-money
farmer's residence floated Old Glory and
at every 'crossing of the roads the pic
tures of McKlnley and Roosevelt were in
evidence. Before each roadside school
house the children were lined up to see
and cheer the procession.
One of the attractive features of the
parade was the empty dinner pall and the
full dinner pail. The former was carried
on a pole and fastened in a sorry old
buggy, drawn by a sorry old horse. The
empty dinner pall was represented by a
battered two-quart lard can. Immediate
ly following was a spruce wagon drawn
by two spruce horses and carrying a huge
milk can, which had Its lid raised by the
fdod bulging from it.
To-night, as a preliminary to the big
meeting here In the opera-house, at which
Hon. W. M. Peck. Senator Bard and Sen
ator Perkins addressed an immense au
dience, the Columbia Marching Club,
headed by a band, paraded the streets,
red fire flamed and the city was invaded
by the greatest throng that has been seen
within Its limits since the campaign first
opened. The opera-house, with a seating
capacity of 1000, was packed to its
utmost, and more people were turned
away than would have filled the building
twice over. W. M. Peck of Riverside ad
dressed a big overflow meeting on the
street and the crowd in the opera-house
listened to a short address by Senator
Bard and a speech of nearly two hours'
duration by Senator Perkins.
SANTA ANA, Oct. 26.— To-day was a
Republican holiday and the political ex
citement that has burned with more or
less Intensity since the campaign began
culminated in a Republican demonstration
unique in the annals of the struggle for
political supremacy In this county. The
occasion was a walk-around, or tour of
the county, participated in by prominent
Republicans of the neighborhood, the ob
ject of which was to visit every village
of importance and address the people at
their homes. A procession of several hun
dred citizens in carriages, headed by brass
bands and a cavalry escort 100 strong,
started from this city and drove to Ana
heim, where Senator Bard joined the par
ty. Addresses were made at Anaheim by
Hon. W. M. Peck of Riverside and Sena
tor Bard, and when the crowd reached
Fullerton Senator George C. Perkins had
arrived from Riverside. Speeches were
delivered at Fullerton by Senator Bard,
Senator Perkins and W. M. Peck. The
speakers were enthusiastically received.
Big crowds gathered and were insistent
in their demands that the speechmakine
be prolonged.
From Fullerton to Placentla was the
next move, and again the waiting crowds
were addressed on the issues of the cam
paign. With the procession strongly aug
mented, the march was taken to Olive,
where a halt was called for luncheon and
an hour spent In renewing old acquain
tances and forming new ones. From
there the procession went to El Modena,
Villa Park and Orange and home again to
Santa Ana, arriving at 5:30 p. m., schedule
time.
the the skill of a Machiavelli.
On the evening that the amateurs signed
for the monthly exhibition the bantam
twin presented himself before Greggaln3
and Alec, satisfied with his appearance,
matched him to do battle with Kelly.
Brother John then began training and
on the night of the fight weighed twelve
pounds more than the prescribed weight.
His twin brother was again sent to the
front and. like a dutiful youne man,
stepped on the scales and the beam bal
anced to a nicety at 112 pounds. He then
donned his clothes and lost himself in
the crowd. Then brother John hove in
sight and stripped for the fray. Having
the advantage . in weight, strength and
reach he ¦won out handily.
The silver medal is now the lolnt prop
erty of the twins. According' to agree
ment they alternate in wearing the tro
phy.
Match-maker Greggains Is wroth, but
h!s> feelings are not a mark compared
with those of Kelly. The latter is search
ing for the twins and when they meet
there will be no explanations, but a scene
that will outshine a scrimmage on tho
gridiron.
ALEC GREGGAINS. the astute
match-maker, referee, manager
and "Pooh BaV of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club, was handed
a brick beautifully gilded a
f^w veefcfl api and he only discovered the
true value of the article yesterday. Alec
v.-^t nicely bunkoed by twins and he is
uncertain upon whom to wreak venge
nr.ee. HIf associates ad\*Ise him to
make a double job of It, but Greggains
is still undecided.
At. a recent monthly fistic exhibition
of his club, among the contest
ants was a heavily muscled youth
who Failed ur.d<r the euphonious title of
• # Kid" Kr^ll. The latter had as his op
ponent a youth named Jack Kelly. Both
were scheduled to weieh in at the ring
tide at 112 pounds and the articles of
agreement were carried out to the letter.
¦When the lad? entered the roped arena
to do battle It was plainly evident tha 1 :
Krell was hcavkr and stronger than Kel
ly. Even Kelly saw the dinerence and
marveled at th«? sudden development of
his opponent. He wa« not given much
time to protest, as the clanc of the gongr
sent the boxers together. Kelly was bat
tered and bruised in the first round, but
made a gallant fight against palpable
odds. His risrht "light"' was extinguished
bv a left uppercut and his " slats'* bore
evidence of a collision with a hard flst.
Kellv stayed with the game until the
third round, when Krell sent him to. the
carpet with a hard right. Greggains saw
that Kelly was no match for_Krell. so he
stopped the" fi^ht" and with a flourish
handed an engraved silver medal to tho
\ictor.
It developed after the fight that Kelly
was a victim of foul play and that his
erstwhile opponent was a conspirator. It
seems that "Kid" Krell fights under false
colors to avoid parental Interference and
objection. His true name Is John Krell
lngr. John has a twin- brother and they
are as much alike as two peas in a pod.
John has aspirations as a boxer and his
"Droralo" brother Is anxious to see him
tread the paths that lead to champion
ship. John weighs V£> pounds and his
facsimile tips the scales at 112. The twine
hatched their plot and carried it out with
PICTORIAL IMPRESSIONS OF A DEEP AND DARK CONSPIRACY CARRIED OUT AT THE SAN FRANCISCO
ATHLETIC CLUB BY "DROMIOS" OF THE PADDED ARENA, WHO ESCAPED DETECTION AND ARE
CHORTLING IX THEIR SLEEVES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Senators Perkins and Bard Head a
Unique Parade in Orange County.
REPUBLICANS MARCH
FROM TOWN TO TOWN
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 1 26.— The result ol
the second heat of the 2:13 pace at Agri
cultural Park to-day created suspicion in
the judges' stand and all bets were do
clared off. Edna R won the first heat in
2-15 and Wild Nutling the second. In the
latter heat. Wild Nutling was wiped oft
the boards and won in 2:16U,with Edna R
second. Edna R went out and easily won
the next two heats, one of which was
made In- 2:13%, ¦ which Justified the de
cision of the judges that the. second
heat was not honestly contested.
In the 2:14 trot there was nothing to it
but Our Lucky, which won in straight
heats. In the second heat of this race.
Oslto and Arrow were set back for re
peatedly breaking. Osito arrived second,
but was retired to fourth place. Arrow
came third and was relegated to fifth
P The' five furlong event was won by El
Toplo by a length and a half.
Pomplno, at 3 to 2. was the goods in the
half-mile -dash, but the, betting made
Lady Heloise an apparently sure thing at
2 to 3 Pomplno came in sideways three
lengths ahead of the favorite.
1 Proclamation was favorite at 6 to 5 in
the mile and a QV art^ t&C a' S u ?;' a £ 2^
to 1, walked in a length and a half ahead
* f I?conom°o r . l at 3 to 2, in the six and a half
furiong event, beat Alaria. the favorite
at 4 to 5 by a good length. ¦¦
¦ A sneclal race for locomobiles, in whlcli
there were two entries, demonstrated that
thP sneed of the horseless carriage is not
to be desDi°ed The mile was won by H. C.
Turner Tn the excellent time of 2:01%.
Th£ fl?st auarter was made in.:32, the half •
In. :63VS 'and the three-quarters in 1:31^.
Summary: ;
-Pace. 2:13 cIms, Purse $800: •
Kdna R (Turner)... -•••• — : J * i *
Wild -- Nutling -;(Hellman) ....; Z l | i
JOh^^ T^?:V5.¦¦2a6i4.¦'2:V3%¦.'•2;i6i4. " '
u2:lt trot,: purse $800: • 111
Our Lucky (Maben) 1 « i
El -Moro-lClork). • ••;• \\\:\
Alta Vela (Nelson). \\ I
Oslto (Durfee) •. r"."""'""."" 1 I %
Arrow (SmltW -• ftfc:iM"iimi"" 'V :." •
Two-vear-olds five furlong*. »15<V-E1 Toplo,
even^Ruiz) 118 won: Briton.' S to 1 (Lee), 110.
aerond- Phil Archibald, even (Frawley). . 123,
?h?rd. "Tim" lVoi Barbara. Mafeklng and Ban
mile^li ages, puree W-Pompfno. 3
• to « (Stuart) 119. won: Lady Heloise. ; 2 to 3
(Frawley) W second: Jennie Glbb.SH to 1
telar and Graciaa aleo.ran. -. . ¦¦ .
One mile, and -a ouarter. three-year-olds and
upward,, purse $25O-Cue,- 2^4^ to 1 (J Nanaez),
113 ¦ won; Proclamation, 6 to 5 (Stuart), mc
onci: Crutch.^2% to I' (Russell).- third. Time.
2-08V4 Hindoo Princess and Athos also ran.
Six and a half furlongs, selling, three-year
olds and upward, ! purse , $250— Loconomo, 3 to , 2
(J Narvtez). 113, won ; v Alaria, ; 4 to 5 (Fraw
ley)/. 110. - second; ? Benroe, 5 to - 1 '; (Ruix), ¦ H6,
third.' .Time, ', 1:11.' - ¦ Sallle i Goodwin •. and . LJm
ber Jim also ran. Olbbertlfllbbet ran away
before the flag felU
The great racing stables of Sam Hil
dreth and Green B. Morris were unloaded
from the cars at Oakland track yesterday,
after a quick trip from New York. Hlld
reth's string is beyond doubt the grandest
collection of horses ever shipped West to
contest for purses at a -winter meeting.
The black with white sash will be repre
sented by such sterling performers as
Autumn, Wolsey Boy, Vulcain, Gonfalon,
Rolling Boer. Telaxnon. 3viaxlmo Gomez.
Meehanus. Gold Age. Trillo and Filon
Among the Morris lot are Bangor, Star
Chime, Bedeck, Pupil, Modrine, Uespedes,
Pleasant Sail and* Favonius. "\Vash
Norvel It is said, owns an interest in the
last named horse. Montanlc. the property
of Prince Poniatowski, and the crack
Jumpers Ben Elder and Dr. Catlett also
reached here in the Morris car.
Jockey John Bullman will do the saddle
work for the Hildreth stable. . _ .
•J. Ranch, the clever lightweight of the
Burns & Waterhouse stable, stepped on
the cars from New York yesterday. Dur
ing the past season on the Eastern tracks
the youngster piloted many of the Keene
horses, becoming a great favorite with
racegoers • ¦" : ~~* ' *'' -
Entries for the San Francisco Jockey
Club stakes close November 1.
J. Naglee Burk's string of twelve horses
arrived at Oakland track yesterday.
Johnny Schorr, with his extensive rac
ing establishment, and Jockey T. Burns
will be due here on the cornice Tuesday.
The San Francisco Jockey Club will as
sume all liabilities for the successful car
rying out of the conditions named in the
Western Produce and Western Foal
stakes, both star features of the Western
Turf Association. The first named stake,
to be decided in 1902. closed with 223 en
tries, and with $5000 added will probably
be worth 512.500. '
Tim Murphy, well known to local turf
Datrons, is now one of the plungers on the
New York tracks, and a very successful
one. When Burns, who rode Alard Scheck
in a handicap some days ago, was dis
qualified for being short of weights, the
verdict cost Tim $3000. ,_ ,^ ¦ „. .. .
At a recent meeting held by the direct
ors of the San Francisco Jockey Club it
was decided to charge a rental of $2 per
month for' the use of stalls at Ingleside
track.
Oakland track now presents a very natty
appearance. The clubhouse and fences
have been given a fresh coat of white
paint and an entirely new electric system
has been placed in the grand stand and
paddock buildings. The new top dressing
of sand and clay given the track, it is
thought, Is going to be a pronounced suc
"Heck" Comlskey, the expert sheet
writer, formerly of Peter -Riley's crew,
arrived in town from the East yesterday.
BETS DECLARED OFF BY
LO5 ANGELES JUDGES
Great Stables of Sam
Hildreth and Green
Morris at Oakland.
MORE HORSES
ARRIVE HERE
Alec Greggains and an Amateur Boxer Are Neatly
Taken Into Camp by Two Youths Named Krell
ing. Who Prove to Be Veritable Machiavellis.
"DROMIO" BOXERS PUT UP
JOB ON YOUNG JACK KELLY
AND BASEBALL :SPORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1900.
5
If you want to know how to
really cslebrate the mystical
Halloween, next Sunday's Call
will tell you. The article is il
lustrated by , excellent photo
graphs taken from real life
and are the most picturesque
of their kind ever published.
The Qualities required of our Judges are
honesty, ability and firmness. M. C
SI0S3 Is one of the strongest candidates
•before the people this year, becausa ha
possesses these qualities to a marked de-
erree. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ft M SV
Ststk@j Jpfip^
Somewhere in the world life is at
etake every minute of the day. Right
at our own doors, perhaps, is going on a
6traggls as grim and fierce as any fight
or flight on record. You hear the hol-
low tearing cough ; see the ooze of "blood
which tells of the wounded lungs ; mark
the emacicted body and hectic cheek,
and know a life is at stake.
The use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discover}' has saved many a life in
just such a 'crisis. It cures obstinate,
deep-seated coughs, stops the hemor-
rhage, strengthens "weak" lungs; and
restores the emaciated body to its nor-
mal weight and strength.
There is no alcohol in the "Discov-
ery," and it is absolutely free from
opium, cocaine, and all other narcotics.
"I desire to send you this brief; unsolicited
testimonial." writes Rev. Joseph U. Fcsperman,
Barium Spring. Iredell Co. ? N. C "In 185S one
of ray daughters was suffering pa account of a
severe cougti. hectic fever, wasting of flesh ana
other symptoms of di«eafted lttnz*. I promptly
gave her I>r. Piercr's Goideu Medical Discovery
with justifying; success, and she now enjoys
excellent health. This experience^ caused me
to recommend Dr. Pierce'n medicines to my
neighbors, who. without exception, used them
with favorable results."
Dr. Pierce*s Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only, or r if- cloth
bound volume is desired send 31 stamps.
Address Dr. R. V. Here*, Buffalo, N. Y.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. ' Steamer* leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
Kftj-j^ For Alaskan ports— It a. rn..
f2$|S|^ Oct. 23. Nov. 2. Chance ta
ls*'t*5* l SIk company" s steamers at 3eattl<».
iSk SmYS'S F ' or Vlc t°rla. Vancouver (B.
FfiR£ff ! \j!S4i C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
tfi^^jgjai Tacoma, Everett, Anaeortei
t^O^Ka^ * n d >*'e w 'Whateoin (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Oct. !3, Nov. I. an!
_ every flf th day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tm-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— J p. m., Oct. JO,
Nov. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Dtego. stopping only at Port Harfonl
(San Luis Oblspo>. Santa Barbara. Port Ixm
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angreles>— U a. m.,
Oct. 13. Nov. 1, and every fourth day there-
after.
For Santa Crur. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayn-
ccs. Port Karford (San Luis Oblspo>. Gavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. Oct. 28. 30, Nov. 3, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Masdal»na Bay.- San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Faz. Santa Rosatia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For furthsr information obtain company' ¦
fclders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, satlln^ dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Franctaco>.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
MSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Soear-street Wharf at 10 A, M.
PARC S12 First Chss. Including Berth
lAnL SSSeord Class. and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. *>
COLUMBIA sails .; Nor. «
Short Lln« to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Kast.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKrNS & CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoko), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARTT
Tuesday. November 13, 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU U
Thursday, December C. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 23, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trto tickets at reduced rates. For
frleght and passage apply at company's ofSco.
4a Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
>XW TOES. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. 7|St. Paul Nov. 2$
St Louis Nov. 14 St. Louis Dec. 5
New York Nov. 21INew York Dec. 13
RED STAR LINE.
N*w York and Antwerp.
From New York Every '"Wednesday, 13 noon.
FrlesUnd Nov. 7|Kenslngton Nov. IS
Southwark Nov. 14 Noordland Dec. 5
Westernland ...Nov. M'Frlesland Dec. 1*
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
TO Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
0' CEANIC 8. S. CO.-HONOI.irLU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS. ALAMEDA for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. October 31. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA tor Tahatt
Thursday. November 1. 4 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, November 10. 2 p. m.
i. D. SPRECXELS & BROS. CO.. AgU., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
COKPAGTO SENTBAVS TRANSATLASTIQU2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <5f tfTYs
Saturday, from November 2. 1839. at -^"^f*-g»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE. Nov. 1;
L'AOUITAINE. Nov. 8. First class to Harve.
S5» and upward. Second class to Havre. $43 &0
and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer " MontlceUo."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:3): Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. s
I p. m. Landing: and offlce. Mission-street E»ocn.
I Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150S.
FARE S(V
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cars, ol Gonorrhoea.- Cle«t«.
Strictures «nd analogous complain t»
of tha On?»n» of Generation.
Prlct II « botUa. For sals by dru«l»t»»
THE EMPOBnjBL | THE EMPORIXTM. | THE EMPOBIXTM. | ' THE EMFOBIUM.
% $1.50 Wrappers, $1.15. wo son VUE FMPAB&llI&fi SolG Sale of Colored %
I M wr.ppSr e^ e & * am ,r%, IP* *" m £y K *Wm<Mo g n e £Zn< Trimmed Hats. \
K or' without ¦ -\y ' -- ** P^ fiAlA».n1>iil<».|tayanr. W ~ Klti To-dav wi 1 end the >^- y\ >T
•£ flounce, nice new &^Wn23 Unaorwoar California's, largest-America's grandest store. G oves. half-price rale of thi3 Cfy «J
tf patterns, lined psmjJ*\ ~ — : " ' — " • '' season's G o 1 0 r e d v^V^ojL %
«r waists and well WM Grand Concert to-night at y: 30 — tJie big Emporium String " Trimmed Hats. Don't «gto^p *
I r m eSar*U lz to S : Hf ¦ Band, under tht leadership of John (Marquardt \ and ?£„ th J r 3 9 X p"c« \
5 ¦ • d a y c - f - W lift OAr. Oscar LafayetU Linau, the popular tenor. *« Saturday oaty: <jgf£ ZW ¦;
5 on}y..-&l*IO .. fe;|t\\| — ! '— : £_L $12 00 Colored Trimm9d \ ¦ ~. W Jf
ii^i^i Illl ± on ' t , F £ r H ei Zi°- D >* y k* Sate '4 ii^fi-cSKa-SJS 4r4 I
K ets, $7.45 -a-,. " J/. ; ! him Boys' Suits—Men's Overcoats. Hits $5.00 c2? S S
J , other ,ot of tho-e /^HliiiJ*^ Boys' $4.OO ThrGO-PiGOO Suits, $2.93- Round cornered sack coats. 53 (0 Co'ored Trimmed Hats $4.OO •$
jf new silk lined, double-brea?ted vest and knee pants, attractive patterns in woolen OO Milllner y~ Second Floor. jf
S fine, eampit 'J ck- %ivd5 P-^W plaid*, checks and stripes; ?iz« for 10 to 16 years; to-day ony........ &Zma%9 & - ~~ .«
J .eis n all sizes Boys' $7.50 Long-Pants Suits, $4.95-E&ixj weight, rough fi a- Silver Trammed Canes, J
fl and co ors, the v w ishel black or blue cheviots and fancy cheviats and twea is; single or tf > os 7o~tf3V Onlv 29 C •**
£ ba.?tJickat birgain we hivj ever of- double-breasted coat' ; to-day on'y &*r*+Jm9 f * •*•»•
K So 6 -'. 7*?- ar r a ?1 °; «7 45 Men's $15 and $17.50 Overcoats, $1i.45-B\*ck and bne kerl W ! P t™7?£ f? herlot0 . f . t J 089sn y e J jj
J $12.o.)and$l.«;to-dayon'ytf7.« • B ey. Oxford cheviots ani black Thibets; some lined throughout with silk, otken *! m ' f? *? v "^ ***$* *
g with the best of fame's sateen and silk sleeves; you will not be dis- „- - _ £.*?»»«£ I £ f? " Farni^ az .«
I Sho* Sate Continues .>|Khi.» »¦ this great bargain; to-day's price , St 1.45 S^^ p SttT«lS'toC S
vUnhl closing timito-nigh!. • Silk Fieeced Underwear Children's Hose, lie. 2? tSi w?** 11 hand ™ %
* C nZ\ C ltf- fu^or 'iS^S t M «* S7 °' ° J **¦*./ only. Children', Ix'l and 2x1 29C %
% S P^.7^tJS7ittaSlp.rS ¦ " ¦ Until closing time Jt°T - i " J - I
| sizesandwuthsjeny /' to-night, men's $1.50 ffi^J^.^" tX'^T Cloth Books, 17o. 5
j£ •— ; ,"¦ •„ £• *.,, j*r . 7 *f Underwear, fleeced per pair IFC 10.000 copies cloth corered Books, em- S
if" Men S Ian shoes, as illustrated in • 1 ~-r . , * , braHiir P^iO rhn>« HMp« nf at*nt**rA Hi* «
Si ti ¦ i f t> ¦ •» • n ¦ with nnrn ailV* 9 hnnn ¦ ui«ciuj{ ttr.i cao Co WweB Ol BlSUQarQUC* X
| Friday paper; Ru 8 ,a ca f, lace, Go i- /<^t\ uh P nre ««¦ a boon ... - « # tion and j ivenile books, on 8 a!e to-day S
« year w<slt sold, the new sty.e; broad / V V \ for tho jo who cannot TOUet Soap Sale. at very near paper book prices. They &
jf Lencx tee equal in appearance : nl / \ U \ w *ar wool; lighter in Kirk's high-grade Fin de Siecle Siap; hard are well printed on a fair quality of \%
5 W c e^! Iaiti , e9 tomosfc «o OCZ L<\ A weignt, warmer and mi led; de icatey perfumed; always sold paper; bouni in durable doth, artistic* 1- £
{ $5,00 shoes only *^.«K» V^y.^ * at 25c per box; to-day only we offer ly stamped in colored inks; on bargain
J f f mora duraDe tnan 50 0 boxes of 3 cakes each; per -- tabUa ia main aisle to-day; p« - 1 S
K #*;«»«3im I | h, wool; on special sale; box ~ M**G TO lume 1.:.... I/C S
* %jr*m0CWM %9*MJB9ff* \ I j * per garment o _ ¦ — ' S
I These prices to-day (Sat-. - 87c Ta £ K «** 39c ' ButterSale 2
I urday) only: . Dress Shields, tOo. "£! k.Si« .;*«'« Tt»-Hs»V $
* La Rosa Castellane Cigars— The Wo. th 15c and 17c a pair; feather-weight; copper bottom and vjL^->tt-s 9M€mJ^» m
ii regular 2 for 25c size; until *%£¦ cambric covered and washable; 4)0 improve! Chicago OC^^^ Finest Creamery none better to 5
H ¦¦c'osin* time to-nizht. 3 fot*. mSSMC pairs of tha best quality, purchased nn- spouts; sizj No. 8: 'MUg , be had at anv trice" regular sire %.
J^ Cuban Beauty Cigars— A nici s. ape d ;r unusually favorable condit on?, good for gas or coal yT%s =§§' , . „ , in-/tnv n /»•
£ O.u'-ir. good ir.,e .-mo* e r. uatil -_ aie offjrtd to-doy only, per ff% stova; to-day ort M = squares, W-aqy Otl ty, Jf(n^ % -J
I? c.'o'ing time to-night, fen tor tOC pair iUS <ny 3UG >*= — ¦ — persquire.. ¦#••#€* j
tf ¦ . - • - SSATURDAY .OCTOBER 27, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address At! Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MAXAGER'S OFFICE Telephone I***"" 2O4
.. Market and Third. S. V.
Telephone Pre*» 201.
EDITORIAL. nOOMS 217 to 221 SteveBiOB St.
Telephone Premn SO2.
Delivered hy Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
MiirIo Copien, S Cent*.
Terms by Mnll. Including I'ontmset
nAILT CAIA. ancJuding Sunday), one year *«•«»
DAILY CALL, (including t=nnda>->. « months s0 °
DAILY CALX. <lnclud!n* Sunday). J mnths 1-W
DAILY CALL-By Flnple Month ® c
bl'NDAT CALL,. One Tear... "..-... 1 - S0
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear r---' 10 °
All poKtnaitrrn are- anlhorlied to receive
Htabacriptionti.' |
Sample copies will b» forrrarded r-fc*n requested.
Mall mibsorlber* In ordering r+ianire of addresa should be
particular to elve both XT^X AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and eomrt compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KltOG\ESS, z .'\
Vanager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 8619.")
ICETW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOV............ Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN* B. SMITH .30 Tribune Bnlldlnr
NETW TORK NEWS STANDS: • -
•Waiaorf-Artoria. Hotel; A. ; Brentano, * a Union Square;
CHICAGO NEWS : STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Audltortum Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE 1400 G St., 5. W.
MORTOX 1-:. CRA.VE, Correspondent.
DRA\CII OFFICE!* E27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
unt'.l 9:S3 o'rlock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:30! o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C13 Larkin. open until
: :SC o'clock. 1M1 Jtflreion. open until 10 o'clock. 22S1 Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia, open
until » o'clock: IK Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
FASHION HINT PROM PARIS.
San Francisco is the scene of another marvel. One
of our evoking schools, and not its schojars nor its
'patrons, is distressed. ' . - .
¦¦BiHBBH ; ¦ - ¦ •
London police authorities believe that the time is
r:pe for a revival of the whipping-post. This is one
belief that some of our own municipal peace guardians
might accept without discussion.
-' .The international squabbles in China have taught
at least one lesson to the nations; the- language of
is, delightfully meaningless until '¦' self
interest supplies a translator. -.,,.'.
\ Emperor William of Germany, it is announced, is
mortally in fear of his grandmother. Queen Victoria.
There is some consolation to know, that the fiery mon
arch is afraid of something— even 'memories of the
-nursery. . ' .-.:¦'. ¦'.! '. ' " ¦. -'. '
THE OHIO SOCIETY-J. B. G., City..
For -information about the Ohio Society
of California address a communication to
L P McCarthy, secretary, Red Men s
building, Post street.
SEATING CAPACITY— J. E., City. The
seating capacity , of San ; Francisco thea
ters was published in this department on
the 5th of October, under the head of
"Theaters."
PAPERHANGERS' PASTE-^-B.. Clty. J
The paste that Is used by paperhangers
is made of wheat or rye flour beaten in
cold water to perfect smoothness and the
whole just brought to a boll, while being
constantly stirred to prevent burning. ' A
little carbolic ; acid Is : added to make It
keep better.' : ':
IN THE ARMY— P. P., Bullion. Cariboo.
B. C A man who enlists in the army of
the United States, whether of foreign
birth or native .born, takes an oath to
support the . constitution . of the United
States and sas a- soldier he '. has to obey
orders.." He would: not be. excused .from
service because the United States was at
war with a. foreign country of which he
was a native.
EIGHT-HOUR. I^A."W— G. J.,', Empire
City, Or. ; Eight ¦hours, constitute a day's
work \ for all '- laborers, workmen and me
chanics f -who may "be Employed "by. or on j
behalf of the United States. -A ". contractor '
ora"sub-contractor>who does work for j
the.Unlted- States has been held to be do
ing; work for. or, on; behalf of the Govern- I
ment.* and,' he 1; cannot '"compel ¦ laborers. I
workmen r 1 and : mechanics : to work-', more '
than ; eight ; hours ¦ a day. If > he requires :
men ' to -work overtime . the men have a ,
claim against him: for such ; overtime. . •;
TO BOLINAS BAT— O. W., City. The
way by land from Sausallto to Bollnas
Bay is by rail to Ross Valley station and
from there by stage or other vehicle or
horse over the Bolinas Ridge.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The greatest master of the intellectual
gymnastics of the stump now living in
America, or perhaps in any land, 1" one.
who is not seen this year on any political
platform. One anecdote will Mus^ate
Mr Reed's supreme powers In this direc
tion- At one of his" meetings in Maine a
boorish Democrat on a front seat contin
ually interrupted him. Every question
that was asked was courteously answered
Finally this Democrat grew irritated and
Said "Oh, go to h-!" Mr. Reed, without
a moment's pause, remarked in his char
acteristic style that he had traveled
fhrougn manyparta of the country, and
had always been most courteously re
ceived everywhere, but that .this /was the
first time he had "even been nvited to the
Democratic headquarters."— Springfield
Republican. - ; -
TOM REED AND THE DEMOCRAT.
CALTFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— From San Fran
cisco—Mrs. Clarke Is at the Gllsey; Mrs.
J. Clarke and Miss G. M. Church are at
the Manhattan; C. Meese Is at thfl Hol
land; W. Russell is at the Astor; R. J.
Chapman is at the Manhattan; Colonel
Arnold Pollak Is at the Imperial. .<
Los Angeles-R. B. Boyd Is at the Park
foakland-W. I* Hackett Is at the Grand
Palo' Alto— C. P. Jenkins is at the Astor.
In the meantime* the Republican campaign^ has been
increasing in vigor not only in the North but in the
border States of the South. The popular demonstra
tions in its favor have been particularly notable at
all meetings where Roosevelt or Senator Hanna was
the principal speaker. These two men have been a
host in themselves. Roosevelt" has been'able to rouse
not only the enthusiasm of Republicans but"the an- :
tagonism of the Bryanites. There has been no lack'
of excitement and ardor where he has spoken. In
fact, he has proven himself a better campaigner than
Bryan and has more strongly moved the 'minds of all
who have heard him. As for Senator Hanna, the
warmth of the reception he has had from the people
shows that the cartooning, lampooning and carica-.
turing of the Bryan journals' have not in any way af
fected'the public mind. He has been .everywhere
greeted with the highest enthusiasm and listened" to
with close attention. Moreover, he has proven him
self to be a public speaker of. a high order of merit.'
• • '-' • ¦ ¦ • ¦' - ¦ ¦ ¦ , ¦ , •
Bryan himself appears .to have been carried away
by them. He stuck clcse to the anti-imperial text and
had not one word to say about silver. He made four
speeches and, judged by the standards of stump ora
tory, was successful. The big crowds cheered and
applauded him until his heart was: ready to burst with
pride. In his good-night speech he said: "You have
given me reason to cry, 'Great'is Tammany Hall, and
Croker is its prophet.'."
I — ;OR a long period after the opening of the cam-
I paign there was in all parts of the country some
* thing like a spirit of complete apathy among the
people. Republicans were so sure of victory they
thought it hardly necessary to make a strenuous fight,
and the Bryanites were so indifferent* they could
scarcely rally vigor enough to hold ratification meet
ings. A striking change has come over the masses of
the people now. There is no longer any sign of
apathy on the Republican side, and the very energy
with which they are prosecuting the campaign 'has
forced the Bryanites to display a good deal of activ
ity themselves.
One of the significant features of tne contest is that
the scene of the greatest Democratic activity this year
has been in New York. Four years ago Bryan de
nounced New York as the "enemy's country" and
hardly had any support there at all. This year he has
found there his warmest welcome. His reception
was a striking demonstration of what Tammany' can
do 'in the way of bringing out a tumultuous crowd
when it exerts all its energies. At the banquet given
to Bryan in that city there was not a statesman of na
tional reputation present, not a' single Democrat emi
nent in any line of business or profession; it was a
strictly Tammany feast, and the demonstrations at the
speeches and receptions that followed were strictly
I Tammany affairs, but none the less all reports declare
i them to have been among the greatest political mani-
I festations ever witnessed in that city.
THE RISING OF THE PEOPLE.
What should be done by Good Roads conventions
everywhere is to adopt measures which will quicken
the consciences of local taxpayers and local Super
visors and Councilmen. They are the parties who are
responsible: for bad streets ¦ and roadsl
Under our system the English •common law doc
trine that the highways of the nation belong to the
king has been merged into the theory that the' States
are the kings. As this theory has been worked out on
this side of the water, there are in the United States
as many kings as there are admitted States. These
kings in convention have delegated certain . of their,
powers to another king called: the National Govern
ment. .The latter . monarch possesses no. power for
which express authority cannot be found in his char
ter or constitution, and so, after all, nothing can be
dene nationally with. the roadways of the nation with
out violating our theory of State sovereignty. ¦
Unless a different system is introduced it will be idle
tc petition Congress for the improvement of the road
ways of the country. In fact, we doubt whether any
thing short of; a constitutional amendment could in
vest the national legislature with power to improve
any roads outside of the territory over. which ''it exer
cises direct control. .
RESPONSIBILITY FOR BAD ROADS.
AT the Good Roads Convention at Los Angeles
the other day one of the speakers called atten
tion to the fact that the last Congress appro
priated $25,200,000 for the rivers and harbors of the
nation and only $14,000 for the improvement of its
roadways. He added that the roadways thus ignored
measured 3,500,000 lineal miles and that more than 90
per cent of the products of the soil and mines of the
country are moved over them before reaching railway
stations or the wharves of the national waterways.
.These are interesting figures, but they are not ex
actly applicable to the situation upon which this
speaker commented. Congress has no jurisdiction
over the roadways of the country except those which
are located entirely within territory for which it is
authorized by the constitution to pass laws. In
every organized State of the Union the roadways be
long to the commonwealth, and in most of the States
power to manage and improve them has been con
ferred by the State governments upon the various
county and city organizations. While, technically, the
streets of San Francisco belong to the State of Cali
fornia, they are, as a matter of fact, entirely under the
control of the local authorities. Whatever neglect they
suffer, therefore, cannot be laid at the door of Con
gress, nor even at the door of the State Legislature.
They are a charge upon the taxpayers of the city, and
it is their business to see that they are kept in repair.'
Those who have a thought of voting for Henry G.
Dibble should be willing to accept the criticism that
their business interests make it advisable for them to
have a member of the third house intrenched among
men who still have political morality.
Many pleas are made by the bosses for their pets.
Sr.ch picas are urged with no little cunning and some
times deceive the unwary. In the present campaign,
for example, the bosses and the managers of the
Southern Pacific Company are urging Republican
voter? to support certain disreputable men on the
pound that the election of those men will be neces
sary to enable the "Republican party to apportion the
Congressional and legislative districts of the Stat
rndcr the new census.. That plea, though so persis
tently urged, is without any valid force. In the State
Scnat- the Republican? have fifteen of the hold-over
.Senators and have a fair assurance of electing four
tren of the twenty Senators to be chosen this ye?.r.
There i* no danger of Democratic control. Why,
then, should any intelligent man deem it necessary for
l'.tm to cast his vote for a boodler in politics simply
because the bosses Have succeeded, by the aid of the
Democratic push, in getting control of the Republi
can primary and nominating him on the Republican
ticket? . .' „
Questions of that kind should be maturely consid
ered by every voter. California has great interests at
stake in her local campaign, and the most important
<-'f them is that of providing an honest government.
The Republican party has nominated so many *">nest
men it is not necessary for any Republican to \^\t for
a creature of the bosses. Men who spend $1800 for *
seat in the Assembly are not worthy of the support
of loyal Republicans, nor is any other crooked politi
cian. Jjct all such candidates be defeated.
The type of candidate who should be rejected even
by his own party is very well known. When, for ex
ample, a man boasts of having expended $1800 in
making a campaign fcr the Assembly the public can
readily understand he is not in politics for patriotic
purposes only. When a man is reputed throughout
the community to be a "crooked politician" the voter
can be fair]y certain he is a good man to vote against.
All such men should be defeated. The welfare of the
State is largely dependent upon the honesty of pub
lic officials, and dishonest legislators can do much to
orprive the people of the fuH benefits they would
otherwise derive from their industry and thrift.
An approval of the action of that convention will
not imply the support of each and every man whom
it nominated. It means only that the convention
has done well in reminding the public that an intelli
gent choice should be exercised at the polls and that
no man should vote for the tools of the bosses simply
because they have been labeled with the names of the
party to which the voter belongs.
Such being the ca«e every effort to bring the minds
ci the people to a study of State issues is commend
able, for it constitutes an important public service.
The action taken by the Citizens' Republican Con
vention, for example, merits the approval of the whole
body of citizens, for if was a step of that kind, and
t~nds to the overthrow of bosses and the purification
of State politics by the election of honest men.
POPULAR attention in the years of Presidential
campaigns is directed almost exclusively to is
sues of national politics. By a considerable
number of people State issues are completely over
looked, the character of candidates for State office
are but little studied,. and every feature of the State
canvass is treated as a matter of comparatively little
importance. It is inevitable there should be a tendency
of that kind, for great contests naturally distract at
tention from smaller ones, but nevertheless there is al
ways danger of evil results from it. Political bosses
take advantage of the absorption of the people in na
tional affairs to lay schemes for obtaining control of
State governments. Not infrequently they place upon
the tickets of their parties men who have not a particle
of party loyalty any more than of patriotism, but who
in office represent the bosses and the corrupt corpora
tions that sustain them.
&ti ISSUE OF THE STflTE.
"Rev. James Outram of England is at
the Occidental for a few days.. Mr. Out
ram is making a pleasure tour of the
country. He expects to go from here to
the Orient.
H. J. McDonald of Dawson, who made
a fortune in the Alaskan gold fields, is
stopping at : the Rubs for a few days.
George Harman is also at the Russ, hav
ing Just returned from the gold fields,
where he worked out a good claim at An
vil Creek. He will return to his home in
Napa in a few days.
I State Superintendent of Schools Thomas
J Kirk was'at the Lick yesterday, stop
ping here on his way to Sacramento from
Hollister,' where he attended a teachers'
institute.
C. K. Sanborn, owner of. the big Hay
denville brass manufactory at Northamp
ton, Mass., is at the Palace.
W. J. McGee. who has mining Interests
in this State, is back from Paris, and is
registered at the Occidental.
George T. Mills of Carson City, chair
man of the Republican State Committee,
is registered at Uie Occidental.
A. M. Bergevin of Chicago, wholesaler
of California wines, arrived at the Palace
last evening. He Is here partly on busi
ness and partly on pleasure.
F. B. Miller and wife of Stockton are at
the Liclc.
Dr. A. B. Cftronado. of Guatemala is at
the Occidental.
Will A. Harris and wife of Los Angeles
are at the Palace.
E. H. Cox, a Madera banker, Is regis
tered at the Palace.
Dr. R. W. Kent and wife of Carters are
stopping at the Lick.
L. F. Hatfleld, a Sacramento lawyer, is
registerd at the Lick.
F. A. Bush of the Albuquerque Journal-
Democrat is at the Grand.
J. K. Terry, the well-known Sacramento
lumber man. Is at the Palace.
J. D. Ludwig, a Redding mining super
intendent, is registered at the Grand.
Professor W. H. Hudson of Stanford
University is registered at the Callfornia.
PERSONAL MENTION.
These figures show that while there is here and
there an attempt to get rid of competition and to re
strain legitimate trade, the effect of combinations of
capital taken as a whole has been far different from
what the Bryanites assert. With manufactured ar
ticles falling in price and farm products rising, the
people have no reason to be discontented with th:
tendencies of the time. V;^
Note the contrast 10 those figures shown by. the re
ports of prices of farm products. They run thus:
Corn shows an advance from Z9 X A cents per bushel on
January i to 48^ cents on October 1; wheat, from
73.8 cents per bushel on January 1 to 79.7 cents on
October 1; barley, from 45 cents per bushel on Janu
ary 1 to 59 cents on October r; hogs, from $4 50 per
100 pounds on January 1 to $5 30 on October 1; cot
ton, from 7 11-16 cents per pound on January 1 to
10.8 cents on October 1; cottonseed, from $12 per ton
on January 1 to $17 35 per ton on October 1. -,.' '..•¦
The statements for manufactured goods run thus:
Comparing prices at the beginning of the present
month with those at the beginning of the present
year a fall of from io to 40 per cent is shown. Tin
plate shows a reduction of 24 per cent on October" 1,
1900, as compared with January 1, 1900; refined petro
leum, 21 per cent; common window glass, 12 per cent;
wire nails, 30 per cent;, barbed wire, 26 per cent;
Bessemer pigiron, 46 per cent; steel rails, 26 per cent;
yellow pine lumber, 14 per cent; sisal rope, 38 per
cent; manila rope, 32 per cent; leather, 10 per cent;
shoes of various grades, from 7 per 'cent to 10 per
cent; woolen dress goods of various grades,' from 5
per cent to 12 per cent.
The facts are not difficult to obtain. The prices of
leading articles of manufacture and of farm produce
are regularly gathered by the Bureau of Statistics for
publication in the monthly summary of Commerce
and Finance. The showing made in the publication
for this month will astonish men who believe that
trusts are able to fix prices at extortionate rates an ( J
defy competition. Instead of manufactured goods
going up in price while farm products are going down,
the reverse is the^case. While all of the figures re
lating to manufactured articles show a reduction on
October i this year, as compared with January i,
nearly all the figures on the prices of farm products
show an advance. •
WhJflT THE PRICES SHOW.
WHILE Bryan and the men who follow his lead
are busy in the campaign denouncing trusts and
declaring that those combinations of capital
are raising prices to the consumer while depressing
the price of the raw material produced by "the farmer
and- the miner they will not have time to give any
study to the facts, but when the campaign is over any
sincere man who may have been deluded into Bryan
ism will do well to review the controversy now going
on and see how far from truth the Bryan assertions
are.
— : ; — ; — , -^ ¦ :.,-;;¦ s
The public has neglected to accept a privilege for
which opportunity, long - delayed, has offered- the
promise of realization. Employes of the telephone
monopoly have done what the public wanted to do—
gone on strike.
The Emperor watches the foreign press
in Paris, London and New York more
closely than he does the German press.
Every one acquainted with the German
court bears v/itness that he has a perfect
knowledge of the Btanding and general at
titude of foreign newspapers, particularly
of those countries that interest him spe
cially for political or other reasons. They
are certainly more familiar to him than
are the great majority of the German pa
pers. In this, as in many other respects,
William II resembles Frederick the Great,
who thoroughly mastered the interna
tional literature of his time to the neglect,
of Prussian publications.
¦-.I Among the French papers.. he gives the
preference to the Figaro, and sometimes
Herr Dr. von Falck, a Russian, or rather
a Baltic German, from the Russian pro
vince of Kurland. Dr. Falck's chief oc
cupation Is to read the newspapers and
make from' them extracts and cuttings,
which are pasted in a book, the more im
portant or interesting articles being un
derlined with red or blue pencil. This
book is placed on the Emperor's desk.
The cuttings contain articles or extracts
from articles taken from the whole of the
home and foreign press.
"There is In Berlin a so-called 'literary
office,' attached to the Prussian Ministry
for the Interior, which for the last two
y«ars. has, been under .the. management of
How does William II of Germany keep
himself abreast of the times? As a gen
eral rule he has not time to read news
papers and reviews, and yet many people
who have met him ' and conversed with
him on very varied subjects agree in ex
tolling his wide knowledge of topics of
the hour. A Berlin correspondent for
wards* an answer to the question to the
London, Daily Mail as follows:
glances at extracts from the Journal des
Debats and the Temps. In some of the
royal castles you find a number of Ger
man papers, but as the selection of these
papers depends on the notions of the mar
shal, or even the administrators, no con
clusions can be drawn from an enumera
tion of them. The organs of the Tories,
the Kreuz Zeitung and Reichsfcote. may
always be seen there, and the Cologne
Gazette generally finds an entrance, but
the best managed German paper, the
Franlcfort Gazette, is nowhere, evidently
owlng to its democratic programme. The
weekly sporting papers have made, their
a'ppearance in the castles within the last
two years. .; '< : -i V --V-
All thes'e papers the Emperor has no
time tc read, but there is one thins for
which he always finds time and never
neglects. He reads the English illustrated
weeklies regularly, rarely missing the op-
Dortunlty. It must not be forgotten that
he Bpent much of his youth in England.
He reminded an Englishman once of the
days when he used to play as a boy in the
dockyard at Portsmouth.
With the exception of these English
weeklies he Is content to read Dr. von
Falck's cuttings. These It is which giva
him his knowledge of everything im
portant that is said. about him In the for
eign press, be It pleasant or unpleasant,
polite or cynical. The caricatures pub
lished in London and Paris, the articles
written about him and his policy— he sees
and reads, at any rate the essence of
them. The criticisms his speeches en
counter, the praises bestowed upon them—
he knows them all. In this respect he is
something like his grandfather. William
I who made a careful collection of the
most ridiculous caricatures of himself
printed in France from 1S66 onward.
CLEVELAND LEADER— The United
States Government Is really a corpora
tion in which all the voters are stock
holders, and they should all work together
for the promotion of their mutual
interests.
INDIANAPOLIS JOURNAL — Besides
the thousands of Indiana farmers who
have paid off mortgages during the last
two year3 other thousands have renewed
them at a lower rate of interest. Th'a.i
McKinley prosperity helps all along the
line.
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER-Glven
years of constant Improvement and in
creased knowledge of aerial navigation,
and the Zeppelin airship may yet prove
to be the forerunner of as great a fleet
of airships as those which now navigate
the waters of the earth.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN— In giving
an . account of the young man •who dis
appeared ¦with several thousand dollars
belonging to the bank wherein he was
employed, the newspapers make the usual
unnecessary statement that he was a per
son of exemplary habits and very taking
ways.
A.TLANTA CONSTITUTION— Whenever
great principles are to be proclaimed or
great reforms undertaken the voice of
the orator will continue to be heard with
commanding power In public assemblies
and the spell of the divine gift of elo
quence will continue to enthrall the mul
titudes.
NEW YORK POST— Now the pall »e«ni
to be lifting-. The Stock Exchange, which
is the first to feel the oncoming of a
change, whether good or bad, gives sips
of recovery> and there is no doubt that
one of the causes of the upward move
ment is the general beUef that Mr. Bryan
Is a defeated candidate.
ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS-As to
the Republican party. Its sincerity 19
proved by Its acts. It stands by what the
Republican administration and Congjew
have done and are doing. The country
has nothing but words from th« Demo
cratic party to Indleate its Purpose, and
words that change with every locality
and every class addressed.
CHICAGO CHRONICLE— For city
streets the long skirt Is an amazing sign
of stupidity on tho part of th« wearer.
The hour may arrive when ordinance win
forbid crossing-sweeping by textures cer
tain to transport danger from ordure ana
sputa into public halls, churches and
schools to the peril of humanity.
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN— Peking has
been occupied and the Chinese Govern
ment has been driven from its capital.
The Imperial array has been defeated.
The Forbidden City has been formally oc
cupied by the allied troops. It remains
now for the United States Government to
insist that the punishment for the real
offenders shall bo adequate to their
crimes.
PHILADELPHIA LEDGER— The pres
ent generation of the state through Its
Legislature is establishing forest reserves.
Individuals are planting trees or •tart
ing woodland bits for future profit. On
the school children of to-day will fall the
task, a tew years hence, of maintaining
the reserves, of caring for the trees plant
ed and of extending the work for a gen
eration yet to come.
NEW YORK TIMES— Bryan costs the
people of the United States vastly more
thaTi their "standing army." His two
candidacies have cost us more than the
whole expense of the Spanish war. in
cluding the Incidental outlay for "im
perialism." Bryan blocks the way. th«
much-traveled way, of the country's busi
ness. What a blessed deliverance it will
be when we are finally rid of him!
NEW YORK SUN— It seems that Bry
anlte bluffs of carrying New York are
causing- some anxiety among supporters
of sound money at the West. Let tnera
dismiss all sucV misgivings. New York
will go for McKinley, and there will not
be a State In the Union which will give
a greater majority for him. No intelli
gent and discerning politician here. Re
publican or Democrat, has any doubt or
McKinley's carrying the State.
MAUVE CASHMERE DRESS.
This dress is of, Parma violet cashmere.
The corsage is trimmed with very fine
stitched pleats on each sice down the
point, which Is of yellow guipure inser
tion. The buttons are of cut crystals and
the skirt is ornamented with -vertical rows
of guipure Insertion, with indentations at
the bottom.
A LONDON FIREBOAT.
The most recent wonder in London is
the new fireboat which is stationed at the
junction of the Embankment and Black
friars bridge, says a London newspaper.
It is a singular looking craft, designed to
lift 1350 gallons of water to a height of
350 feet per minute, to propel Itself back
ward, forward or sideways by , the
strength of its own water jet and to sink
ships on tiro and then pump them out and
raise them again. This remarkable con
trivance since it has been moored under
the Embankment has' attracted large
crowds, who gaze at it by the hour or
race along the riverside whenever it is
taken for an experimental trip up the
river.
"Literary Bureau" Seleets Newspaper
Clippings for the German Ruler.
HOW THE MISER KEEPS
IN TOUCH WITH THE TIMES
These in brief are the more important issues which
the young voter has to face. As for his personal for
tunes, they will be safe in the hands of the party that
provides prosperity. The young man has no interests
opposed to the general welfare of the community.
When prosperity abounds he will be prosperous, and
if calamity come he will suffer with the rest.
In contrast to Croker's plea to a young man con
sider this declaration of Secretary Long concerning
what issues the new voter has to face: "He must
decide whether, being now on a tidal wave of pros
perity brought about as the result of Republican prin
ciples, he is justified in promoting the supremacy of
Democratic principles which were responsible for the
years of national depression which characterize the re
ccnt administrations of the Democratic party. He
must decide whether he favors honest and stable
money, which the Republican party insured by its en
actment of the gold standard, or debased money, the
sure consequence of the free silver heresy which the
Democratic party specifically advocates. He must de
cide whether he shall support the administration
which carried the nation through a successful war and
added to its jurisdiction new possessions which his
country's intelligence and humanity will develop to
the enjoyment of stable institutions and local self
government, or shall repudiate the victories he and
his brothers-in-arms won at Santiago and Manila an:i
abandon to anarchy, or to the sway of foreign Govern^
ments, the islands which are a sacred trust on the
American people."
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that the young
man in politics has other questions than those of his
personal fortune to consider. He has to think of his
country and his fellow citizens.. He has to give con
sideration to the traditions of the past, the duties of
the present and the destiny of the future.
What does Bryanism offer to any ardent, patriotic
and aspiring young American? From first to last it
is a clamor against wealth, a cry to arouse class preju
dices, and an effort to break up the very foundations
of business and prosperity. WHiat" can young men
expect from an overthrow of the protective tariff and
the gold standard? What from a subversion of the
Supreme Court? What from a government of the
United States administered as Tammany administers
that of New York?
¦ It is not likely that any young man of intelligence
has given. much if any heed to. Croker' s words. A
young man who has sense enough to justify him in ex
pecting to rise in life has sense enough to know that
a party which keeps the mills working, the farms pros
perous, and provides profits, work and wages for all
classes of people is the party whose legislation opens
the largest number of the broadest avenues for the ad
vancement of young men.
The assertion was not only false in itself, but its
falseness was made the more glaring by the fact that
it was uttered by Croker, the boss of Tammany Hall,
a political trust that has dominated New York City
bo completely that no young Democrat can rise there
without being a servant of that trust. Doubtless it
was by contemplation of the powers of his own po
litical machine that Croker was led to utter his warn
ing. He knows he controls all the offices in that great
city, that he can keep an aspiring young Democrat
from receiving even. so much as a hearing, should he
choose to do so, and he has fallen into the belief that
there are other trusts equally potent elsewhere and in
other fields. .
ONE of the most striking exhibitions ever made
in American politics of that quality commonly
called gall was the statement of Boss Croker
of New York that young men should vote for Bryan
because the success of the Republican party would
mean .the control of all lines of industry by trusts, so
that the young man would have no opportunity to rise
in life and not even a chance to make a living unless
he became subservient to the trusts.
ThiE YOUNG M0N IN FOL1T1CS.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
He has shown himself able to meet and refute the
pleas of- even such accomplished masters of oratory
as Schurz and-Cockran. • ¦'-- . ¦ . • ..¦.,-.>
From this time on the contest will increase in vigor.
The one hope of the Bryanites is in Crbker. Tam
niany has put forth its full energy 'and will do the
best for its candidate that it can. Croker has boasted
he can rollup a majority of more than 115,000 in the
city, and with that expects to overcome, the Repub
lican majorities in the State. . Had' the old feeling of
.overconfidence .'prevailed, among Republicans he
might have done so, but now even such a vote as that
in the city will probably be more than offset by the
tremendous vote that will be given in the State for
McKinley and prosperity. There, is no longer any
apathy. The people are. in line for victory.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1900.
6
AiUJSEMElCTS-
Colunsbia— '"Quo Vadia."
Tlvoll— "Carraen."
Alhambra— ' 'Brown'* In Tcwa."
California— West'e Minatrel*.
Orrheura — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— •dadame Sans Gene."' . ;.«' \.
Grand Opera-house— Maurice Grau Opera Company. Mon-
Cay evenlnc. November 12.
Alcazar — "A Soldier of the Empire.**
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Tfceater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ermine.
Flfcher>— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
6hennan-Cl»y Hall— Grand Floral Exhibit.
Kutro Baths— Open nights. ¦',-¦ ".
Fora t Cold in .the . Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. : '-¦,.*
Peanut crisps. Townaend's.
E^. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Icecream chocolates, Boston mints, ala-
cuma, Townsend's, 639 Market street. •
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Townsend's."
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50o
a pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building. •
Best eyeglasses and specs 20 to 40c Look
out SI Fourth, front barber and grocery. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone M%in 1042. •
The Bachelor— Single blessedness Is a
good thing.
The Benedict— "Well, isn't double blessed-
ness twice as gaod ?— Yonkers Statesman.
People who take DR. SIEGERTS Angostura
Bitters in the fall save money on doctors* bllla
during the winter. The great South America*
tonic.
A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL VISITS
COUNTESS WALDERSEE.
THE HOW TO BOW TO
MINISTER CELEBRATE TRAIN
| YS HALLOWEEN A
THE ====== FOOTBALL
ACTOR. TUP msL
By GRACE FERN. j 1J \j By AL LEAN.
THE BOW TO
EVOLUTION £AI L PKEPABE
OF THE 0CT0BBR 28> J o . DAINTY
AMERICAN - ===== SIDE
uiyV THE SUNDAY CALL niCHCS.
" AVL - LEADS THEM ALL. m3I1C5 -
Why San Francisco Will Cousin of Mark Hanna
Try the Potato Patch Faces Death on the
Plan. Desert-
SEE TOE GREAT COMIC SECTION.The nineteenth annual Halloween sup
per and dance of the Scottish Thistle Club
will be held at Shlels building. 32 O'Far
rell street, to-night. Dancing will com
mence at 8:30 o'clock and supper will 'bo
served at 10 o'clock. An enjoyable tlmo
may be expected^ '¦
Halloween Celebration.
Alexander H. Burton, who was arrested
a few days ago while operating In a mys
terious manner with a telephone company
badge pinned on his vest, was adjudged
insane yesterday and committed to Napa
Insane Asylum. Hermlne Schmidt, a de
mented girl, who was taken from her
guardian, who resides at 19S0 Union street,
was committed to the Home for the
Feeble Minded at Eldridge.
Burton Adjudged Insane.
For several days carpenters and painters
have been transforming one of Hale's
former stores at 945 Market street Into a
large, comfort buying shoe store, with
modern fixtures and conveniences. The
proprietors, Lippitt & Fisher, are experi
enced shoe men, with up to date ideas of
shoe selling, and are opening their store
to the public this morning with a brand
new stock of the very best shoes for men,
women and children. Economical buyers
will surely be pleased with the opening
prices.
New Shoes To-Bay.
William Brown, a lodger at the Win
chester House, on Third street, was run
over last night at the corner of Market
and Third streets. Brown had been cele
brating the election of his favorite Presi
dential candidate in advance and when
southbound car 1173 of the T-ird-street
line came along he failed to get out of the
way in time. When he awoke in the Re
ceiving Hospital it was found that he had
a number of lacerations of the scalp and
Dr. Robinson thought possibly his skull
might be fractured. M. L. Hopkins, the
motorman, was later arrested for bat
tery, but was released on the usual bail.
Sumps Into a Car.
The Kvening Telegram to-day prints the
statement that Alvord was taken to and
is still in a sanitarium not far from
Mount Vernon. The assertion Is made
that when the defaulter knew he had been
detected in his stealing he completely col
lapsed.
Alvord had not been under surveillance
up to that time, although It has been said
that he was suspected as early as the 16th
inst. The bank officials are convinced
that he did not go to his home the night
of the ISth, and they are also convinced
that he has not been there since the
morning of that date.
Alvord's crime came to light exactly
three days after the national bank exam
iners completed their examination. While
the First National Bank officers admit
that Alvord'e wrongdoing is In no degree
the result of any laxity on the part of
the examiners, yet they seem somewhat
annoyed at what they regard as misrepre
sentations,on the part of those attached
to the office of the Comptroller of the
Currency at Washington.
A reward of $5000 will be offered by the
First National Bank for the arrest and
detention of Alvord. This conclusion was
arrived at and the announcement made to
day after a long conference of the bank
officials with Captain McCluskey of the
Detective Bureau.
By this time the suspicions of the assist
ant cashier had become very much
aroused. All the high officials of the bank
had gone for the day, ' but, meeting a
number of clerks, Mr. Backus went hur
riedly over the note teller's books and in
a few moments had overwhelming proof
of Alvord's guilt.
Mr. Hine did not say how Alvord
learned that he was under suspicion, but
he confirmed the report that the note tell
er returned to the bank early on Thurs
day evening, and seeing others at worn
upon his books, realized that he had beeD
discovered.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— In order to make
clear certain alleged misstatements Vice
President Hine of the First National Bank
to-day explained In detail some of the in
cidents leading: up to the discovery of Al
vord's crime. In the first place, Mr. Hlne
said Alvord had worked steadily and
without suspicion untilthe afternoon of
the 18th inst. By the merest accident a
clerk saw him make certain erasures in
the clearing house sheet and, while he
thought this unusual, said nothing %bout
it to anybody until shortly after 4 o'clock.
By that time Alvord had gone, but It was
expected that he would return, as he had
some work to finish. {'
¦ When Alvord Tailed to return, the clerk
who had seen him make the erasures
made casual mention of the matter to
Assistant Cashier Backus. The latter,
without suspecting that anything was
wrong, looked over Alvord's balance and
soon found several discrepancies. He was
on the point of leaving matters for Al
vord's adjustment when he decided to
make a further examination and soon saw
that many items had been deliberately
falsified.
First National Bank Offers a Reward
for the Arrest and Detention
of the Defaulting
Teller. : •
Clerk Notices Him Making
Erasures in Balance
, Sheet
DETECTION OF
TELLER ALVORD
The will of the late John P. P. van den
Bergh has been admitted to probate by
Judge Troutt. the Jury that heard the con
test having decided that the deceased was
cf sound mind and not under the undue
Influence of Albert van dea Bergh. a
tif-phew. •
Van den Bergh's Will Sustained.
THERE Is every Indication that the
Sacretary of State's office In Sac
ramento is permitting a "draw
down" on the official ballots. Let
ters have been written to the
county officials, bearing the signature of
C. F. Curry as Secretary of State, in
which the price charged for the ba,llot
paper, size 15x25, is $2 50 per ream. The
paper is all of one sort. On the scales a
ream is found to weigh Just twenty
pounds, so that the price is 12^ cents per
pound. There is some stir about the mat
ter among county officials already, for the
same quality of paper can be procured in
the open market at 6 cents per pound.
This fact was determined by a Call re
porter' yesterday, when armed with a
piece of the ballot paper, the water mark
being torn oft that there might be no
clew to guide paper dealers to the object
of the inquiry, he. made the rounds among
reputable paper selling houses.
Inquiry has determined the fact that all
the counties in the State, including San
Francisco, have been made to pay 12H
cents per pound for the official ballot
paper, which differs from paper to be
found in paper houses only in the water
mark or "dandy," the cost of which does
not figure. Registrar Walsh showed a let
ter he had received from the Secretary of.
State's office making the price mentioned.
Other letters have also been exhibited.
In addition to the difference in the price
there Is another objection— the size of the
paper. It is large enough to, get out one
ballot, but not two simultaneously. The
Secretary' of State's office originally noti
fied county officials that there were two
sizes, 15x25 and 18x25. The last mentioned
size is large enough to get out two ballots
for the counties in the interior, but not for
San Francisco. Several requests have
been made of the Secretary of State to
furnish the 15x25 size, but there has been
no compliance with the request. The small
size has caused waste and also higher
bills to be paid by the counties.
There are about 800,000 ballots for the in
terior, as computed. To make these It
took 1G0O reama of ballot paper of the
small size, the cost of which was $4000.
The large size paper would supply the
necessary number of ballots at a cost of
$2400, the price of the larger size being $3
per ream, if it could have been procured
by the counties. There is a difference of
$1600, outside of San Francisco, against the
counties and in favor of some on% else
because of using the small paper. To this,
to estimate the size of the rake
off that the interior pays, must be
added the difference in the price
of the paper as . charged against
the counties and the open market price,
which amounts to $96S, counting the dif
ference at 6^ cents per pound. The addi
tional cost outside of San Francisco is
$2568, without counting the extra press
work made necessary by the fact that
only one ballot can be run on the paper at
one time. To this must also be added the
difference in price on the paper furnished
to San Francisco. The quantity is 290
reams and the quantity in weight 5S.O0O
pounds. The difference in price against
the county Is $377.
These are small pickings, but they alto
gether amount to a draft against the tax
payers in one item of $3945 directly.
Office of the Secretary of State Concerned in a
Deal That Forces Taxpayers to Give Big
Price for Privilege of Casting Votes.
Rapid recovery is being made from the
hurricane distress. Mr. Brumbaugh said
the picking of a SO per cent crop of cof
fee and the grinding of sugar has Just
commenced, giving employment to a great
many laborers. By reason of the better
food now obtainable the death rate has
b^en greatly reduced. Eight hundred
schools are now in operation, with 36,000
pupils, and organization has been effected.
Money Is necessary to execute this plan,
and It is hoped to secure for this purpose
what remains of the $2,000,000 appropriated
for Porto Rico before the tariff bill was
enacted. The Government of Porto Rico
is as solvent ns any bank, he said, and
no debt is contracted until the money Is
available to net it. The people as a class
are rager for <K!ucation and are accepting
all the opportunity afforded them. The
duties on imports from the United States
for the first week of October exceeded
the total trade of the trnlted States with
the island for a whole year under Spanish
dominion, showing the opening of an Im
portant market.
Mr. Brumbaugh said conditions in Porto
Rico are steadily improving. There ie
much Interest and considerable excite
ment over the first election. The contest
has <2ev^loped tines similar to those in the
United States. The Republican party is
In full harmony with President McKinley
and for the American administration,
v hile the Federal party within the past
two weeks has indorsed Bryan and de
c'.ared for Porto Rican and against Ameri
can administration. The latter party em
braces the pro-Spanish clement, he said,
and the former the great industrial
classes. The Republicans, he thinks, will
elect a majority of the House, as well as
the Commissioner to Washington-
CANTON", Ohft>, Oct. 26.— Governor TVood
ef Cuba reached Canton at 10 o'clock to
day- He was met at the station by Sec
retary to the President Cortelyou and
taken direct to the McKinley home. Gov
ernor Wood came to confer with the Pres
ident and Secretary of War Root on mat
ters connected with Cuban offices. He
•was accompanied by Perfecto Lacoste,
Secretary of Agriculture of Cuba, and his
aid-de-camp. Lieutenant Frank Rios. An
other calier at the McKinley home was
M. G. Brumbaugh, Commissioner of Edu
cation for Porto Rico. He came primarily
to deliver to the President a message from
Governor Allen, the nature of which has
not yet been made public. He also made
a verbal report on affairs of the island and
en educational affairs.
Republicans Indorse Mc-
Kinley and Federals
Bryan.
PARTY LINES
IN PORTO RICO
COUNTIES ARE OVERCHARGED
FOR BALLOT PAPER SUPPLY
. Suit was ' filed yesterday by Mrs/. Au
gusta L. Oyen against the State of Cali
fornia to recover $1,0,000 damages j for the
death of her son, John A. Oyen, ..who was
drowned near Jackson^street wharf on
October 26, 189S, when a milk wagon which
he was driving slid Into the bay. Nicholas
Hanson, owner' of the wagon,' has also
sued the State to recover /|1000 . damages
for the loss , of the horse : and wagon. ...
Wants Damages for Son's Death.
Al Lean, the veteran train
er, writes for The Sunday Call
an article on the -wonderful
system of training in vogue
to "; put a football team into
condition for its struggle
on the _ gridiron. The illustra
tions are from photographs
taken especially for this pa
per and /will prove equally in
teresting to the r general read
er and the athleU. - ->
Under the heading of "Bubbles from
the Swim," Lady Algy divulges the latest
society gossip in the News Letter of to
day. -. Horace Egbert's "Plum Puddln'
Tommy" talks about the efficacy of
"Keeping up a Front," and Mr. Schuyler,
the man of many clubs, writes about the
gentleman ¦ and the gentlewoman in poli
tics. The editorials are characteristically,,
independent, and the Looker On and Town
Crier up to their usual ginger.
To-Daj's News Letter.
A contest to the will of John Schmld,
who died October 6, leaving a small es
tate, was filed yesterday by Fred Schmld.
a brother of the deceased. The contestant
charges Marie Antonio Gamma,- to whom
decedent bequeathed his estate, with hav
ing unduly Influenced the testator. ¦« .-, -.;
Schxnid's "Will Contest.
T. I. Fltzpatrick, Democratic candidate
for Justice of the Peace, is making a hard
and vigorous fyrht for the office, and 'from
present indications It seems almost cer
tain that he will be one of the five elected.
He has been fortunate in gathering about
him a host of friends, old and young, who.
irrespective of their party affiliations, are
assisting in every district of the city, and
his canvass is thoroughly organized and
well directed. Mr. Fltzpatrick is a young
San Franciscan, highly educated, of un
questioned legal ability, exemplary moral
character and possesses in an eminent de
gree all those qualifications so necessary
to the impartial Judge. He has had a
wide and varied' experience In the practice
of the law, and has already attracted- the
attention of the older members of the
bar, who predict for him a successful ca
reer In his chosen profession. We take
pleasure in recommending him for the of
fice to which he aspires, having full and
implicit confidence in his ability to know
his whole duty and to perform it thor
oughly and conscientiously In every case
brought before him. '^• ! i
XK>, $« do also the heirs of the late James
Shenman, and a similar amount to the
;hiktren of his sister, Susan Barttey; the
children of Mrs. Fanny Moulton Ret the
san-K. and no do Lempson Sherman and
Elizabeth Reese.
Mansfield gets $5000 for park purposes.
Oberlln College and Kenyon each get $5000.
A biography is provided for. to be pub
lished by some competent person within
two 1 years after Sherman's death, and
110,000 is appropriated for this, as he
slated he felt it to be his duty to the
public. Papers, speeches and various
Jocuments are to be given into the bio
grapher's hands. - - ¦» ¦ ,;¦¦•-•
The residue of the estate is willed share
md share alike to Mary Stewart Sherman
(McCallum), daughter: Henry S. Sherman
(son of brother Charles); Hoyt Sherman
rson : of brother James): Hliemon Tecum
seh Sherman (son of W. T.) ; Charles H.
Sherman \son of brother Lampeon Sher
man), Charles M. Sherman (son of
brother Hoyt).
It had been thought that possibly Mr.
Sherman might will to Mansfield hie home
property for hospital purposes, though he
had refused to do so several years ago
when solicited.
Th« executors of the will arti M. M. Par-
MANSFIELD. Ohio. Oct. 26.— The will of
ex-Secretary John Sherman was taken to
the Probate Court to-day by Congressman
W S Kerr of this city and Attcrney M.
M. Parker of Washington, D. C. After
arranging with Probate Judge Brinkerhoff
for the application to admit the will to
probate the document was taken away by
the attorneys. Congressman Kerr was
not found, and E. J. Babcock and other
relatives have returned to Washington.
The will Is voluminous and entirely In Mr.
Sherman's handwriting. The estate is es
timated at $3,000,000.
The original will was made at Wash
ington. December 22, 1SS0, 1 and was wit
nessed by Judge Symser of Woostir, ther.
member of Congress; Henry Vallle, Anson
O. Cook, then Secretary of the United
States Senate, and E. J. Babcock. private
secretary to Sherman. The codicil was
made on January 22, 1900, at Washington,
and the witnesses were William A. Mc-
Klnney. Ward Theron, H. S. Reeside and
Alfred B. Leet of Washington. Mrs. Mary
Sherman McCallum gets $100,000. half in
real estate of her choice and balance in
bonds. After other bequests are paid she,
with five others, gets the residue, mak
ing her share. It Is estimated, $500,000 and
possibly more. The heirs of Charles Sher
man get $10,000 divided among them: Hoyt
Sherman of De» Moines, a brother, gets
100 shares of preferred stock In the Des
Mol'Jes Street Railway Company, or, if
they, are sold. $10,000 in cash. The heirs of
the Sate General W. T. Sherman get $10,-
Estate Is Estimated to Be
Worth Three Million
Dollars.
WILL OF LUTE
JOHN SHERMAN
Decedent Bequeaths His Entire Es
tate to His Widow, Mrs. Anna
Hooper Jackson.
The will of the late Colonel John P.
Jackson, Collector of the Port of San
Francisco, has been filed for probate.
Decedent bequeathed his entire estate,
which is valued at $10,000, to his widow,
Mrs. Anna Hooper Jackson. The testator
expresses his knowledge that Mrs. Jack
son will do justice toward her children.
In the will, which bears date of August
21, 18S5, the deceased names his wife as
executrix. In the petition for the probate
of the will it is stated that the estate con
sists of twenty-five acres In Napa County,
some small real estate holdings and
$5897 10 In bank. ' . S
JOHN P. JACKSON'S WILL
IS FILED FOB PROBATE
WICHITA, Kans., Oct. 26.-Rev. W. S.
Mayse, who came to Wellington, a small
town near here, from Los Angeles two
year3 ago, has been dismissed • as pastor
of the Wellington Presbyterian Church
for eloping with and ruining a 13-year-old
girl who sang in his choir. His wife is
almost Insane and the minister has dis
appeared. Rev. Mr. Mayse and his wife
seemed to live happily and their home
was one of the brightest In Wellington.
Mayse increased interest in the Presby
terian church as It had never been be
fore, and to the detriment of other
churches. He paid close attention tp Jes
sie Jones, only 13, but pretty, tall and re
fined.' Her parent? were pillars in the
church and she sang in the choir. .Under
the pretext of teaching her to sing, Mayse
became on friendly terms with the girl
and their friendship grew apace. The girl
.told some -friends the new preacher was
going to create a sensation. Last month
they ran away, going .to ¦ Chicago. The
girl returned alone, sorrowful for her fool
ishness. She accused , the pastor of hav
ing ruined her life and hypnotized her Into
loving and having eloped with him.
A few weeks ago he turned up to find
the Wellington church had preferred
charges against him before, the Kansas
synod, and refused to allow him inside
the church. He appealed to the synod,
but yesterday it expelled him. He haa
been hiding for a week and the church
deacons are unable to tell where he ig.
His wife, • formerly Miss Carrie Swenson.
of Los Angeles, is nearly insane. <
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rev. W. S. Mayse of Welling
ton, Kansas, Dismissed
From the Church.
PREACHER ELOPES
WITH CHILD
ker of Washington and W. S. Kerr of
Mansfield.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 19OO.
7
The office of the Secretary of State at Sacramento has been detected in a scheme by which all
the counties in the State are compelled to pay twice the market rate for the paper upon which the offi
cial ballots are printed.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT AND SUJfDAT.
Howard Hall's P.om_ntlo Drama.
A Soldier of
the Empire!
A very much better pi— ;« ef work thaa
the English, melodrama. "The Great Rubr."—
"Call."
NEXT WEEK— NORTHERN LIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. OCT. K.
Parquet. 23c. any seat; Balcony. 10e; Chil-
dren. 10c, any part, except reserved.
A REALLY SWELL BILL.
GEORGE EVANS,- _,ES FRASET-
TIES, WORLD AND HASTINGS,
; BLANCHE RING, LIZZIE B.
RAYMOND, EDGAR ATCHISON-
EI/T, RATTSC-CELE, TWIN SIS*
TERS HALE,
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES OF
THE GREAT EVERHLART.
MATINEE TO-DAY
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
The Great Whltney-Knowles
QUO VADIS
THE ALL-IMPOSING PRODUCTION I
DECINMNC
NEXT MONDAY-
STUART ROBSON
In Augustus Thomas' Costume Comedy.
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AJJD EVEN_N'O.
TO-NIGHT I TO-NIGHT !
CAKEWALK!
VAUDEVILLE
THE CONGO FAMILY.
AQUATIC SPORTSJH THE LAKE.
Telephone for Seata — Park 13.
BASEBALL!
San Francisco
vs. '
Oakland.
SATURDAY AT 3 f% M.
SUNDAY AT 2.3O F*. M.
RECREATION PARK
EUhth and Harris on Stt-et*.
FT^rHFR' 5 ? concert house.
Beatrice Franco, Jose Torre* Ovar.do. Lu-
nette. Antonio Vargas. Cesar* Allesandronl.
Sylvia Puerarl and the Leom.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BnTHS.
OPEN NIGHTS^
OPEN DAILT FROM J A. M. to U P. «.
BATHIXO FROM 7 A. M. TO 1O P. M.
ADMISSIONJOc. CHILDREN 5a
Kathlrjr. Including Admlssilon, 25c; Children ttx.
ON AND AFTER MONDAY. OCT. ». 130«t
THB SCTRO BATHS CLOSE AT t P. ML
SGHLATTER, AT HOOVER HALL,
MARKET AND TENTH BTKSXfTt,
SUNDAY NIQHT (7^0).
¦ i THE SICK HEALED ON STAG— I" -¦
..i_. 'ADUUaiOlL _> _5__U_ 7!.
For a Cold in the He.icL
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. =- : 4*
AMTTSEMENTS.
TO-DAT AND TO-NIGHT.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES OB 1
WM. H. WEST'S
BIG MINSTREL JUBILEE I
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON' and
2 AH Next Week.
Massive Production of the Greatest Russian
Melodrama Ever Tet Written.
"FOR HER SAKE."
Elaborate Scenic Equipment. Two car* of
Scenery.
A GREAT CAST— THIRTT PEOPLE.
) SF»ECIAI_T|
Seats Now on Sale for SINGLE EXPLANA-
TORY RECITALS AT THE PIANO on
WAGNER'S
"DER RING DES NIBELUNGEN."
By
MR. WALTER DAMRO'CH.
Wednesday, Oct. 81 "DAS RHEINGOUX"
Friday Nov 2 "DIE WALKVRE."
Monday. Nov. 5 "SIEGFRIED."
Wednesday, Nov. 7. "GOTTERDAMMERUXG."
Reserved Seats— 50c. $1 and jl 50.
GRAND OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
NEW I? _5«Wlf E_£> tf ' PANY
LAST TWO NIGHTS
Vlctorten Sardou's Masterpiece,
MME. SANS GENE,
; — DANIEL FKAWLET aa NAPOLEON.
MARY VAN BUREN as MME. SANS UENE.
MONDAY-"SECRET SERVICE."
EVENING PRICES lOc.. lOo. -5c. 50o.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c
MATINEE PRICES lOe. 15c. 25c. 5Oe»
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
Three "Weeks— Commencing November 12.
AT MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
By the Entire Company, Numbering Over
200 Persons From
METROPOLITAN OPERA-HOUSE. N. T.
Under the Direction of Mr. Maurice Gran (Also
Managing Director of the Royal Opera,
Covent Garden, London).
Beginning With an Elaborate Production of
Gounod' s
"ROMEO ET JULIETTE."
To be followed the first week by "Tannhau-
ser." "Alda," "Faust," "Lohengrin." "Lucia
di Lammermoor" and "The Flying Dutchman."
Later In the season "THB NIBELUNGEX
RING" of Wagner will be given for the first
"ballot subscription seats dailt.
FROM » to 5, AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
Prices for the season of 20 performances, S35
to $100, according to location. Proscenium and
Balcony Boxes, 1300 to $1000. Single Night sale
begins Nov. 7. Prices. $2 to J7.
* T SwOI a *
TWO SENSATIONAL TRIUMPHS!!
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
"LA GIOCONDA." .
SIGNORINA BARBARESCHL
SIGNOR CASTELLANO.
Ferrari, Nicollnl. Lucentl, I'oletlnl. Orah— ta.
"CARMEN." .
To-Night and Sunday Evening.
The Great Diva COLLAMARINI _s ."Carmen."
Rusao. Salassa, ' Repetto, Nicollnl.
Schuster, etc.
Next Week-"AIDA"-"CARMEN. M
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50o
ALF. ELLTNGHOUSE Prop, and Manager
PHONE SOUTH T7»
LAST PERFORMANCE.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
The Same Truthful Story Prevails——
Tha Greatest of :all Farce Comedies.
BROWN'S
in TOWN !
"With the Original Company.
POPULAR PRICES:
EVENING 15c. 25c. 35c, fJOe and 75o
MATINEE. 15c. 25c. 35c and OOo
To-Mbrrow (Sunday) Afternoon.
THE WORLD BEATER.
I^KINQ OF THE OPIUM RING
Breaking all Records en route. SEATS NOW
READY.
GRAND FLORAL EXHIBIT.
CALIFORNIA STATE FLORAL SOCIETY
SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO.'S HALL,
• 223 SUITER STREET.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY 'AND SATURDAY.
. . . October 25. 26.. 17 IDojr and Evenlmti.
Vote for Thos. V. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court. •
WARNEB'S BEMEDIES. '¦",..'...,....
ff >-*» <rf & Some time ago I suffefed^^
teffl^gS-^Ssl VUI L til C fft_-^tt*V__?_f:l
S fcottl_> I Wt Lke a dificrcnt person, and H ¦ Cure za6 j -^ pleased to that ft g
I a5S J^.L 7°™ °?£ 3? i I *d afl and more than you claim for it I
S doses arc dways^^ great bencfU.fi . . I andn-ide-^Unianofmeinashort J
! % P. GARDNER, M . -_ jCt B j| /\ <3T1| H gh* HT^ endorsement. JOHN POTTS, Bj
Delivery, care O.L.Knig_t.jr (II fi B S-_/_Tj. I H I i m. 2595 West Ashland AvcJr
There neve? was a period when so much attention was given to the culture of health as
to-day, and not without good cause. We must prepare to fight against the prevalent scourge
of insidious attacks upon the kidneys. The pressure of life is increasing. The prevalence
of kidney disease is increasing, weakening- constitutions and impairing digestion.
THE MOST SUCCESSFUL REMEDY
-
OF THE DAY FOR
KIDNEY AND LIVER TROUBLES,
_^^^^v Bright's Disease, Indigestion and Debility jf^Z^!*^
J§T May 30, 1900. __T H suffering humanity
JET I am very glad to speak IS _B^ fcnew the value of W_mer*a
M a good word for "Warner'* g Safe Cure, the doctors would
ff Safe Cure. Three times during m B not have much to do nor the tin-
§3 the F-s* few Y<»« I Have felt very ¥* ifiS H O RB »» Ifl 7 O O M F| OB Q |_ B dertakers either. My health was
ml much •x'orr. out from overwork, and v* Bf^ £B K| b$f t" fNJ fij| H 81 « 8 _¦ m 9 Ef completely broken down two years fl
i| each time a bottle cf Sde Cure has g lWli_iEll_ill O l_PIi_ la iJ&Jl EIm S a 2 0 ' and * suffered continually with B
B completely restored me. I find ltcfH ¦ ¦_¦__¦__ -_r -_r _m___i ¦*- a - -m m kidney trouble, also female 9
g| especial benefit to nervous people who B H 'weakness, but Warner's Safe Cure n
« suL r er from insomnia. It is a fine g The Blood Is the Life. m Sealed me in three months and I am U
'Ok inducer of sleep. &j Therefore, purify the Blood by way of the Kidneys. in fine physical health now. M
TA Yours sincerely. £( This Is Nature'c way of doing it. ._ ec T T C Turr*r_f M
MRS. A. R. LAUGHUN, Jff And the way WARNER'S SAFE CURE does It. >$k M15_ 1-. 1- -Ml 1 H, m
Blue Ribbon Temper- AT Chaplain Chicago Ave.
>q^^ anceQub. L O. G. **-^r
wressStr^ C7F>f famsl' of Warner's Pafe Cure B»nt on application.
J^ Address, WARNER'S SAFE CURE CO.. Rochester. N. T. ¦"¦¦Bill- -I' 1 "
' ¦
- ¦ ~ ii...—.ii7rrn.i_..i.
¦Every one who han ever come In contact
•with Joseph ;T. O'Connor, Democratic
candidate for Justice of | the Peace. Is | en-
thusiastically supporting hla candidacy. *
M. C. Sloss is honest, . able and •nor-'
eetic. If elected Superior Judge, his edu-
cation and character will enable him ¦ to
fill 'the office with credit to .himself and
honor to' the community. A •
APVK KT I fi~TM HMTil
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
No^g. 9A* B> S- T. No. 2.
I have fflven personal inspection to the working- of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
mast say that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Collefe.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHBUMATISM, no matter how loop standing. Any case of Inflammation of the Elad-
4er or Kularired Prostate GUod. no matter if the patients hare b?en for years forced to ns«
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore yoathfnl rlfor and
vitality. It in no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting-. Will core any case •{
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. Will remoTo ea-
tirelj from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
_n addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 haa cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxta, Spinal Trouble and apparently incnrabls diseases of the nerves. *
M. I. S. T. has been on the raarketfor over 20 years, and has cared thousands of s-nff-
t-srs. It is prescribed by leading physician* all over the country. It is pleasant tota_e a_4
Rgnpggk J~£_j ~Mfi absolKtil; safe. It nerer increases or diminishes the action of tas
h], eO* g_ K__ heart, if you are anfferinij from any chronic disease yon are urfjed to
If— I B"Qk Br™ RT^ write ions, no matter how tnaay doctors or kinds of medicines you
Eg _ figga Efeew have tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
mm «¦ ___i That you may judge of the Talue of the Gr»at Specific for your self ,
we will send yon one larpe case by mail FREE, only askln; that
wM«n eared yourself yon will recommend It to others. Write confidentially to oar medical
4epartment« giving symptoms, ft per box. or six boxes for $5.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Tolido, 0.
ADV__trcSEMENTS.
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort; the
clean are comfortable. .
Pears' soap cleanliness—
is perfect cleanliness.
All sorts of people use it, all torts of stores
sell it, especially druggists.
A visj- OR- JORDAN'S _rcat
f MUSEUM OF AMATOMY
§ (31 iO6iMj_jnT&T.tt.e_ft7-.8.r.a_.
\ .Or " The Largest Anatcmic*! Muieun in the
M ii*Jtw». V/oild. ¦ Wtiknttso or *-iy contracted
v aP?SB disease pe»tt!»rJy cared by the oldest
$ #tej31 Specialises the Coatt EiLjfiyMrv
I affSf i OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
t. ¦?isJifeB Lnmmltttion frwt and strictly prirate
O B IfrWK T " ""lent personally or by letter. A
•7 fl if *ft H P—.ux* CWolaerery case undertaken.
ii/ & Write for Book, rHILOSOriYtr
W ¦ g l|~l HABK1AOE, MAILED FR2& i A
Afl '.'valuable book for mra)
9 nh.. ,IOKI> AN * CO.. 1051 Market St.. a F.
dr. mcnulty:
THIS WEUi-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
Specialist ciireiBlood Poison, Gonorrh«a,Gleet,
8tr!ctur<\Kpmlnul Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men, free.
OverMyearsVxper'encc. Terms reasonable. Hours.
9to3datly;fi:. - »toS.30pv 1 K.i. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Call oraddresa
P. ROSCOE McMILT Y, II. D.
26 Vt Kearny St., Man Francisco, CsL
Price 25 cents/: AlRrugglsts,- or sent post
paid on receipt- ol ; price. - DR. PAUL DB 1
FORD. 175 N. Bvrlns st,. Los Anzelea. CaJ.
SIP.
On exhibition in onr spacious store.
Best goods, lowest price* Be sure
and pay us a visit while in the city.
KOHLER & CHASE,
THB BIG MUSIC HOUSE,
26, 28, 30 OTarrell Street*Health Board Exceeds Appropriation.
Auditor Wells refused to sign the sal
ary demands of Dr. P. P. Fltzglbbons as
assistant vaccinator and C. E. Brandt, as
sistant chemist, of the Board of Health,
yesterday. Wells assigns' as his reason
that the appropriation .will | be exceeded
by $200, the amount of the two officials'
salaries. If the demands are paid. Presi
dent Williamson contends that the. board
can spend what«ver money it, thinks
necessary to run the Health Department.
Wells, however, take* issue. with him, and
as he will not elgn the demands the posl-
Umi nay have to be abolished. : .
Piano solo, "Pollchenflle," Op. 3, No. 4
(Rachmaninoff). Miss Jessie B. Lyon; vocal
solo. "To-morrow" (G. Pallonl), William MV
Smith: Tlolln solo. "Introduction «t Polonaise"
IC N. Allen). Charles H. Blank; reading, se
lected. Herbert I. Jenkins; vocal solo, se
lected, Mies Parker; piano solo, "Impromptu"
(Schubert), Miss Clara P. Lowrle: vocal solo,
"Jerusalem" (Henry Parker). ;MIss I.ojtan
Tooley; recitation, selected. Miss Jessie B.
Lyon: violin solo, prayer and air from "Der
Frelschutx" CWeber), Charles H. Blank.
A concert and entertainment was s/lven
last evening by the young; people ,of the
Hamilton-square Baptist Church. The
funds will be devoted to the purchase of
a new pulpit for the church, which has
recently been redecorated. The following
programme was rendered by the young
people of the congregation:
Young People's Concert.
Entire Left Side Affected, but Physi
cians Hope for His Complete
Recovery.
8upervl«or George R. Sanderson is se
riously 111 at his .Jackson-street home.
Three days ago he suffered a stroke of
paralysis, which has affected his 'entire
left side, depriving him of the use of his
left arm and left Teg-. While his illness is
severe it is not considered to be neces
sarily dangerous. If Mr. Sanderson does
not suffer a second stroke his physicians
have hope that in two weeks he will be
thoroughly recovered.
Some time ago he felt that his system
had run down, and under medical advice
he went to the country to seek health
The journey appeared to benefit him. but
on his return he was stricken. He is the
possessor of a strong- constitution, how
ever, and every hope is given for his re
covery.
STJPEBVISOB SANDERSON
STEICKBN WITH PAEALYSIS
Ladies of the Unitarian Congregation
Xtelight Their Friends With a
Unique Entertainment
The parlors lot the First Unitarian
Church at Geary and Franklin streets
were transformed Into an Oriental theater
last night, A Chinese orchestra dis
coursed music, loud if not sweet, Chinese
hangings were everywhere and burning
punk completed the effect. The enter
tainment was Riven by the ladies of the
Channlng Auxiliary and a large audience
was present.
Dr. Kin Eca da Sllva, M. D., lectured on
the manners and customs of home life in
China and explained to the audience the
uses or the various Instruments wielded
by the orchestra. Not the least attractive
part of the evening's programme was the
I»osin» of several Chinese children in
m K. ny 9 ua ; Int tableaus Illustrative of the
Chinese classics.
During the rendition of the programme
tea wa* served to the audience in Oriental
style by pretty Chinese girls.
CHINESE THEATER IN
THE CHURCH PARLORS
The fear expressed that American-born
Chinamen may return to China and bring
back with them female slaves in larsv
numbers, either as real or pretended
wives. Is said not to be well founded. The
Call placed a quietus on the Importation
of Chinese women slaves at this port two
years ago and the only way by which
they have been enabled to get into Cali
fornia is by entering: at a Brtiish port,
paying the' head tax and being smuggled
over the border.
The Federal authorities at this port pro
pose to exercise .the greatest vigilance In
the matter and attempts at imposition will
be severely punished.
Much Speculation Concerning- a Re
cent Decision of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Borne comment was excited in the Cus
tom-house yesterday • by the telegram
from Washington published by The Call
to the effect that the Secretary of the
Treasury had decided that the Chineee
wife of an Amertcan-born Chinaman was
entitled to land in this country by rea
son of such relationship. It was the gen
eral ooinion that the decision could not
have been otherwise, for a Chinaman
born In this country not the offspring of
a Consul or. Embassador Is an American
citizen and,' under the provisions of th<*
constitution of the United States, is en
titled to all. the rights and privileges of
citizens.
CMl-xlJ-SE WIVES MAT
BE IMPORTED HERE
Never has Sherman & Clay's Hall
looked so beautiful as it does at the pres
ent time, filled as It is with the finest
blossoms of every kind from all over the
State, placed there on exhibition by the
California State Floral Society.
The prize flowers, of course, are the
center of attraction, but the flowers
without the premium card are equally
beautiful to the uninitiated.
At yesterday's award of prizes the gold
medal for the best twelve named varieties
was awarded to Frank Pellcano, who also
took a gold medal for chrysanthemums
and violets, of which his display Is won
derful. Carlone took first prize for the
best six varieties of chrysanthemums arid
Demoto Bros, got a gold medal for the
best all-round chrysanthemum display.
Mrs. William Chandler's Oregon mosses,
which form one of tho most striking ex
hibits, rot a prize, and J. W. Ba&ge. the
proud possessor of a tiearly black dahlia,
got a prize for a fine display of those
flowers.
Other prize winners were: Mrs. C. Hoh
weisner of San Rafael, for chrysanthe
mums; Charles Abrahams, for a remark
ably fine display of decorative plants;
Mrs. H. B. Tricou, for an extensive dis
play of cacti; E. Gill, for field grown
roses; and Mrs. Sachu, for the finest dis
play of cut roses and chrysanthemums.
Last night s musical programme fol
lows:
Molln eolo. "Mazurka de Concert" iMusIn),
MIm Cecilia Zlnnen; •Come Be Mine" (F.
Neumann). Dr. J. A. Brown (by kind permls
8ton of Mr. Rolker) ; epiintc sonic (Oscar Well).
Mrs. M. Wlsmer; air from "Samson and De
lilah" (Salnt-Saens). Miss Mary Smith (cour
tesy of Mrs. Birmingham): "Fantaaie Caprice"
<\ leuxt«>mps). Mi-R C^llla Zinnen: <a) "Spring
Serenade" (Augusta Holmes); (b) "The Sweetest
Flow That Blooms" (Hawley). Miss Mary H.
Smith; Fred Maurer accompanist.
Among the freaks and varieties notice
able In the exhibition room are the Lib
erty rose of E. Gill, which originally sold
for $7000: the famous Mrs. T. W. Lawson
$30,000 carnation: the phenomenal maiden
hair fern shown by Mrs. L. Waas. which
measures four feet across and is by all
odds the largest of its species ever placed
on exhibition. Mrs. William Chandler's
ratlesnake orchid catches the eye of the
curiosity-seeker and lives up to Its name
half hidden In soft Oregon moss.
Mrs.. Henri P. Tricou's cacti form a
unique co lection. This lady exhibits over
100 varieties, from the tall, straight cen
tury plant to the odd Euphorbia havanen
ses. The splendid crimson blooms of this
plant were the center of an admiring
crowd all day.
The Board of Public Works recommend
ed yesterday that Pierce street between
Waller and Thirteenth and First Avenue
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth
be accepted; also that the width of side
walks on Clement street be reduced from
nineteen feet to fifteen feet. Several con
tracts were awarded, among them being
one for the extension of Harrison-street
cewer across Spear street to the water
line. On Friday. November 2. bids will be
received for the construction of storm
water inlets, culvert and catch basins on
Mission street, southward from St.
Mary'fi College, and on Amazon street,
near Mission street, including the laying
of culverts and connecting with existing
sewers.
Acceptance of Streets.
Prize Day in the Hall Where Cacti and
Roses Blossom Side by Side.
BLOOMS OF RAREST BEAUTY
NOW HUNG WITH PREMIUMS
One of the features of the fair Is the
"Aunt Jemima grab-bag." that Is run in
connection with the California booth.
The Star of the Sea booth Is well looked
after by Mrs. Kenney and Mrs. J. Lycett.
Miss Clancy, Mrs. M. Henderson and Mrs.
K. Callahan.
California booth Is in charge of Mrs.
J. Panzlnl. Mrs. Phil Ward. Miss Vir
ginia Nippert, Miss Katherine Stokes,
Miss Lily O'Donnell. Miss Susie Landers.
Mrs. M. E. Ferguson. Miss Emily Ward,
Miss Eleanor Panzlni and Mrs. William
Hunt.
Golden Gate booth Is presided over by
Miss Han- McCleary. She is assisted by
Miss Ewinp, Mrs. Vance. Mrs. Martin
O'Brien. Miss Georgina McCleary. Miss
Mary Main and Miss Eva McCleary.
The Richmond booth is superintended
by Mrs. W. G. Haskell and the following
assistants: Mrs. J. F. Floyd. Mrs. W. Kil
day. Mrs. J. Cleary. Mrs. F. Hart, Mrs.
W. Brophy and Mrs. W. Reed.
St. Cecilia booth Is supervised by Mrs.
C. H. McCourtney. She is associated with
Mrs. J. Owens, Mrs. J. Gallsby, Mrs. J.
Hanlon and Mrs. J. Casey.
Oriental booth is presided over by Miss
M. Coyle. She has as assistants Miss
Amie Humphreys. Miss Elsie Moraghan,
Miss A. Duffy. Miss Lottie Davis, Mi?s
Mamie Sullivan, Miss Florence Marlno
vlch and Mrs. J. Ross.
the National Correspondence School.
There will also be offered a lot in the
Richmond district. Commencing to-day
there will be a business men s lunch
served in the basement of the hall for 25
cents.
The booths are presided over by the fol
lowing ladies:
St. Anne's booth— Mrs. W. Shaughnea
sey, assisted by Miss Margaret Barry,
Mrs. Richards, Miss Anna Barry. There
Is a wheel of fortune run in connection
with the booth and it is looked after by
Thomas Butterworth.
on Female Singers.
The third of the course of eight lectures
Professor Charles Mills Gayley ot the
University of California is delivering to
the ladles of the Charming Auxiliary was
delivered yesterday in the parlors of tho
First Unitarian Church at Geary and
Franklin streets.
Professor Gayley took for his subject
"Some Women Poets," namely Mrs.
Browning, Christina Rossetti, Augusta
Webster and Emily Dickinson.
Mrs. Browning Professor Gayley classed
as incomparably the greatest woman poet
of the century- In definition of the term
feminine poetry Professor Gayley said:
"By feminine poetry I do not mean
poetry written by women, but poetry of
an extremely emotional character. Ten
nyson, Shelly and Keats wrote feminine
pottry. Robert Browning was the most
masculine of this century poets.
"Read Augusta Webster," said Profes
sor Gayley; "she is the great humani
tarian poet of the century. By her the
puls>e of suffering humanity was most
truly read. She is little known, but some
day she will take up her niche, in the
Temple of Fame."
Christina Rossettl's poetry was classed
as "prattle." "She rarely rises from the
earth," said the lecturer, "and when she
does It Is but a short flight."
The next lecture will take place on Fri
day, November 2, at the Unitarian church
parlors. The subject will be "Some Poets
of Humor and Society."
Professor Gayley of; Berkeley Lec
tures to the Channing Auxiliary
WOMEN POETS OF THIS
CENTTJB.Y HIS SUBJECT
It is estima.te<i that American traveler*
er.r.ually sp*-nd 5TV).i>iO.<>jO in Europe.
whole main floor 1p spaced off into j
beautifully decorated booths, which are i
well presided over by the married ladles !
of the parish. They are assisted by a !
large coips of pretty prirls. Early yester- !
day afternoon the ladles put the finishing
tcuche* to their booths. They s«~e all so ;
tastefully decorated it is impossible to !
select the best. One of the prizes at the {
fair will be a scholarship in any course at !
THE Star of the S«»a Church bazaar }
that Is now being held in Native
Sons"' Hall presented a very ani
mated scene last evening. The j
PansKiorvers and Friends GroWd NatiVe Sons' |1all Aiding the
Gavjse — Father Goyle Is Enthusiastic Ov^er Results.
Never in the history of San Francisco
has there been such a demand for *<-ats
for any performances as the present ad
vance saJe for the grand opera season.
The BUbscrfptSon ««-ats are on f-le at
Sherman & dajr'l music store and at the
close of the Fale on Thursday night the
<-r.<">rmo_s coxa of J>5.vf >5 had been realized.
Last r:jrht SXSJM0 rcore had been added to
the box receipts. The sale of seat* lor
-Ir.gie performances ivtll open at the
Grand Op*ra-ho_«e box office on Wed
n<-.«=«ifcy. .November 7. The opening p_r
forn.ar.ee vr.II be '•Romeo et Juliette " in
i rc-nch. with BUcb great sxars as Melba.
SaUxa. Edoux-rd de Rffzke and Placon
::. the cast. Th* cth«r operas for th.
wc-ek will be "Tanr.'r.aaMr," •"Aida."
¦">auf;" <.;n FYer.rht. "Lohengrin" and
TTbe Flying Dutch-nan." Nordic*. Melba
ar«l CJa-iski will ail be heard the first
re*=k. Sateza and Van Dyck wi>! ping
<-:n!y in San Krar.cisco and New York,
thejr contracts tailing for thHr appear
ance In these tv.-o cities, -o Califr.rr.ians
tti&v consider therast-lvp* highly favored.
The operatic stars ar<? t-xpected to arrive
in New York fr^m Europe to-day on a
<"*i:nar<1 stfpnif-r in-l th#jr will immediate
ly take tho traJn for California.
Gadski in Thsir Favorite
Boles.
During the Opening Week the Public
Hay Hear Ideiba. Nordica and
Fifteen Thousand Dollars
Received at Yesterday's
Advance Sale.
GREAT RUSH
FOR SEATS FOR
OPERA SEASON
LADIES OF STAR OF THE SEA CHURCH
WORKING HARD FOR BAZAAR'S SUCCESS
"His life." said Father O'Ryan, "pre
sents to us a picture of persistent perse
verance In the face of what would have
seemed to an ordinary man insurmount-'
able difficulties. With him, however, It
was different— the thought of the holy
end for which he was striving. The ex
traordinary good the accomplishment of
his purpose would bring about urged him
on through all the trials which beset him
to a glorious termination of his life work."
This morning solemn high mass will be
celebrated at 10 o'clock. To-morrow high
mass will be celebrated at 11 o'clock, the
Rev. E. P. Dempsey preaching the ser
mon. The very Rev. J. J. Prendergast. V.
G., will deliver the sermon at the evening
services.
In the evening solemn vespers servico
was rendered. A magnificent choral ef
fect was gained by the massing of the
young lames' sodality choir and the
cathedral male choir, over fifty voices
helping to swell the great volume of ea
cred song.
The Rev. Philip O'Ryan preached an
eloquent sermon on the life and teachings
of St. John.
Sopranos, Miss Katherlne Black, Mrs,
Ella Prankard; altos, -vliss Julia Sullivan.
Miss Bowie; tenors. David Manlloyd, Mr.
HopkraXt; bassos, S. J. Sandy. M. von der
Kunn.
With solemn services and sacred music
the first day of the triduum in memory of
St. John Baptist de la Salle. the founder
of the Brothers of the Christian Schools,
was observed In St. Mary's Cathedral
yesterday.. ,
In the morning a pontifical high mass
was celebrated. An augmented choir, un
der the direction of the cathedraTs organ
ist, Professor R. T. Harrison, rendered
the music. The members were:
Masterful Discussion of th« Saint's
Life Work by Father O'Ryan and
Grand Choral Programme
Are Features.
Triduum to Saint John Bap
tist de la Ealle Begins
at St. Mary's.
HONOR SAINT'S
MEMORY WITH
SOLEMN SERVICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1900,
THE STAR OF THE SEA BAZAAR XOW BETNG HELD AT NATIVE
SONS' HALL WAS THRONGED LAST NIGHT WITH PURCHASERS
WHO SPENT MONEY LIBERALLY.
8
Do not fail to read Miss
Marian Watts' account of her
visit to the Countess von Wal
derse*. The Countess has been
called "The power behind the
Germ an throne. " * She is an
American, formerly Miss Mary-
Esther Lee of New York, and
the daughter of a wholesale
grocer.
EAILBOAD TRAVEL.
»«uiii;k> rtririi' (onrisr.
(rAcinc nt'TtK t
Tr»ln« !»•>««¦ nurt »rr 4m> «• nrrlx m%
HAH I'lUM |«| o.
.U_ii, Umm, Foot *t W»f r>« Street.)
te»vt — From Octcmb _, IKS. — _rrit_
*;:••_ Benieia. tMiiaon. Etnln. V»c»tl_r,
E_l_»-J _na ¦*aer_i_>-i 1 tn «T:«h»
•Ji*»» Kiuuita Kipr-M-LfeTU. W0-t_n_i((or
Bartleu fctricnX Willows, Bid
blu2, l'ort-iiKL *7i«3 r
•r:3«» MarUuer.S-u i'.ainoo.VaUeio. Napa,
• blictf _ _i.u v.ntj. Ii<*» 'nilir
•¦:««* l*_»i». VI oodUiud. KnicfaU L-Ddlac.
.M%r;fti.,«. wri.ti.j». *?:43r
•-:««. Atia_Uc I'.xpreat-Ocdmi »od Eaat *l*:4.1r
••>:«.»* St'aes, Triey. Lathrop, Stodctoa *O:I3.
?»:.!«« |)_i, .;.».. Lit. riuuri-, Htuciton.
loie. ~»ct« t i.'iito rUc^rtU!',
M«rygr!ii-. Ohte... Ue<l IC!n(T Mil»p
•«:3«» c.««d- ... e_in>-*». -onrr_. C_rt*n... *-li«.1»
•»:UO« H_> - ar_I .\u>« »n» W»r r*UUotl. *l IIS&4
•¦:•«» Los Aasews Expre*« — Mwtinex
Tracy, Lattirop. Mtrctd
Fr«ii>o and Vet Ange'.ti *?i«3>
•*:3t»» Vftll.i... M»rt.,.« »nl \V«j Ht-tlom *»>43r
•I •:•«_ 1 _. OTcrlaua IJ«ated— Ccdeo. D«_-
Tei, <»:iifcba « hica; i "fc43»
f ;i:V«_ SiUta, hXjckUiti, nwtimwU, Men-
dota. Fnsao, liaufurl. VImU*,
I'«,rr^ttl.,e *Sil8t
•I 1 K>0_ LiT<j_jnre. 6a_f xr. Ood<en J__c-
t!> n. B-kersteid, Lo€ A._t«le«
•¦-:«•<>_ H_ T «_r..». Nliraand '.V_y ri.ilom. *Si4Sr
tliVMr K«~t»in»uU. lUter tjte.hi«ni «3:00*
?:i.«K. r Haytrsrdt, Nii-» aud \V*r HUtlont . *»i««r
•4:O*r Muiii..', »-»r lUmon. V-iieJo,
N«|«. «;«!Ui>,,c*. Santa Uom •*¦!•*
•«'»«r It'uicU, Winters. »«cr_.nrmo.
M. ,.,.!. _„.;. K>.i_I.U i__0h,..
M.rr»i:; r . <»»«ille •¦•:«•«
•si»op M>», hau.l<wtiiiHlHt_clitOB •"ilSt
•».4M»rTJi* Owl IJarfted-TraCT. Tresoo.
EUk^nBeM. fis^tfiu lor HsuU Bsr-
l-.rii if* Aii- .¦-* *IO:|.1*
•B)i»«r Rtockton •gt43(
•ai««.r Hew Urlwx Eipr-M— Ilkkvofield.
n«u>U lUrtwra, Ia.* Aufeles, Item-
!¦<& Ki Ttto, Kew Orleans sud
Itt "Till.
•fl:a«r I'k)._r:», Nile. _od Han Jc*r •?:«»_
4«:O«|- V»l!rj« •IJ.tn,
•«.,««. <;r.e. .:*.: M_il— Oc>lea. Cbereace.
On._ha, CUnr *l«t«3r
•tfT Orie; t_l Maih-Otdea, tieatst.
Oma!*. C_tev> '. MslSr
•7r»«» KUer, Tmcy, L-Uarop. Btocktsn.... •l*il»r
•7. «>«»r <»t<rT.i. cud CVl(<4-u>» K«|W*m n_»-
.- '.._.. %._:;». I. ie. IU.1.11. . g ,
I'm. !_...!. rM H.«i.il ».,.! K_.» <Sl«SA
»»<•*» VaJU)«. Port l* t ta and Way HU.
tious tll.str
COAST IUVIMon [iMmrtbsitL
<T<x.t >.f U»tkrl Strttt.t ¦
*•:!»_ Newarlc.<>-i.m<iil r .SanJ«a«.F<-ltoii. !
U ..i •! r«'r. »k, -._.,. aOr.ir.Mi.il Wat
.. .« ****»"• *••* •
tl4l»p N».«rn, <>>.t«rtille. Hftll J(4t, »•• •
AlD.a-lon. fvttou. It'. ii. der Creek,
fc.i.t. • r.n and I'rinrip&l U»j
4L_:|i...» . ...... s.».»«» i
•4:l»r Newark. f4ui J'«». Ix« Gatos •¦«»•_ •
cl«:4_p Huoten' Excortiou. Ban Joss and
W«yfrUHons t?l»ty I
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
h»i<* r»i;:;-;.._f,«i si «.r«.i Suit !SU» I)—
•7:1S BOO UtOOk.w. 11:53 *2:03 tl.Zt !
•ic: u:: •s:::r.«.
frtaCKUII-rnt tlrt.4 ..;.— '6:00 BOS 10:00*. ¦* t
t::;:: *i^: tzc. *3::a n-.n •ex;r.si. f
OOAKT IMVIMO> lUrmm* «•¦»'».
(iMr.) ai •* TovdmikI Sta.) :
•*•!•_ •».-.-_., View, Hmttb Hati FraDdm.. T«i»»r
•7i««a Sai. Jass -..<) T«7 »UU..n« <Ntw
Alu<*'lr« •.Vea.iMd.jt niily) HiSwr
•••••« Nut J«mi. Ynm liuua. Hiutta Cru,
r_-:i c <:....«. rut iti.ii:>-*. Kan
! ..:» •!•.!.,.... H..rf, Lo-ipoc and
I-,!,.,-*,-.. n.r suu«.i •«>••»
•I i»;4ii, h*i, .!.* ami Vtxj Elation *«iS3i
•ll:3w* h«,, j WUu | \y_- -stHllunt •fltSVr
• 1:4 Si t- k Matwt. iUdwrxxt; Menlo Palk.
I'klu Alto. Haute Clara. «•.« .l>*«.
Tres iliwa s_.,i« Criir. 8a.li_u.
Mmimc; -n.1 T*_-ia« <iruTe fl«l««4
•».-»»r -w Jw «i.<l W.j .SuLlum •7l3*r
?1:1 Tit-.: .^»..i l'ri..cir.-l \V»j Mlalloi.t '9:45* i
i:»:«'!,!- *¦ .¦ ... r-, V* Oatos sod rrindp-1
V J} : kUou ?»iO«»
•r,i:n>!- fw.J«« -..-I l'rinelp-1 War KtaU«.« *Mt3.%*
•'•:¦!••¦• -.a. .7. ¦»-_.."l Waj-SiatltMi. «M:«»a
-ll:4tr -»»¦¦ I »i an* Wa-r t^t-tlow m ~s*Ur
A (or »i .r. i..- I' (or Aftermion.
*I>»;iy . ? -siiiMav etoejited. ! Suudaf oulj.
a *» tinlar m'.f-
Santa. Fg
Trains— oaiiy
Leave Korkit-street FTrry Depot.
_>re. E«n Fr»nc»«co.l S:0» a. mi4:10 p m| *:OS p m
Air. e-j»ckt__ '12 S_ P m T:1S pm 11:05 p m
•• Merced t:42 p m l:W a m
- Frt-fno 4:25 pm I:0»an_
•• ViraMa C:Mpm *M a m
•• Tulare «:Spm 1:19 am
- Hanford «:M 9 m >:« a m
•• ii.i,-r.:.c!d ... *:Mpm- 7:*> a m
•• Derrer 10:00 a m
" Kansas City... 5:15 p m
•• Chicairo 7:40 a ra^
• a. m. train Is the Overland Kxpress. Cott»-
apendinc train arrives at « p. ra. dally.
4 to p m. t« Stoclcton Loral. Correspoodlos
train arrives 11:05 a. ca. dally. ¦¦*
«00 p. m. is Frerno find BaKers_eld Express.
»'th Pleeplnt Cars fcr toth ciUes. Correspcnd-
jr« train arrives at t a. m. dally. •*
<-»FriCF»--l4l Market tit. and in Ferry Depot.
»¦;¦- r-r_i>rl£go: ll'.t Broadway. Oakland. -
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTGWESTEEN RY. CO.
SAN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
PAILKAY COMPANY. .
Tll-uron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRAJCCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL-
•WEEK DATS— 7:80, S:00. 11:00 a. m.; i::S5.
I JO. 5:10. «:33 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11 :M d. m. Baturdar-— Extra trips at 1:W
end 11:29 o. m.
EUNDATS— 8:C0. *:«0, 11:09 a. n>.: 1:30. »:»0,
6: GO. itO o. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO RAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. S:JO. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
t:40. c:15 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at
I:SE and C:2S o. m.
6UNDATS— «:10. »:«. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 2:40.
t:OS. C:2o p. m.
Between San Frandico and Scbaetzen Park
suse schedule as above.
l>ave J In Effect. I Arrlvw
Fan Frand»ea. [Apr. It. 1SO0-I Ban Franct»co.
Week I Pun- I I Sun- \ Week
Dart- I days, f Destination.] days. | Days.
7:10 ami 1:00 »ml Novat©. 19:40 am! 8:40 am
1:30 pin *:»sm Petslnma. 6:05 pm 10:26 am
t:H pm| 1:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7;»S pro! «:20 pm
Fulton. I
7:30 am Wlndeor. 10:25 am
Healdsburs.
Lyttcn.
Oeyeerrllle.
f:S)pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:15 pm 6:_0 pm
7:20 ami I Hopland I 110:25 am
l:V> pml i:00 am| and Uklah. 1 7.8S pmj 6:80 pra
7:30 ami 10:25 am
) 8:00 am OneraeTlIle. 7:25 pm
t :30 pm! ¦ 8:»0 pm
7:20 am 8 :00 am Sonoma 1:15 am S:Oa_n
and
t:10pm 8:00 pm Gien Ellen. »:C5 pm t:t3 pm
7:20 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 ajn!10:N am
8.99 pmj 6:00 pm| BgbtftopoL I 7:S5 pml 6:20 pm
Stares connect at Banta Roea for Mark West
Spring and V\Tilte Sulphur Springs: at rulton
for Altnirla: at Lytton for I/rtton Springs: at
O*y»errllle for Skacts Pprir.K*: at Cloverdale
for the Oey»er«: at Hopland for Duncan
Fprlnr*. Highland Sprlnrs. Keleey-rllle. Carl»-
b»d Sprlnis, Soda Bay. Lafceport and Bartlett
_prinj?; st UVtah for Vichy Sprlnn. Sarttoira
Eprlnr*. Blue Lakf«. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Prrln«B, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Rlrerr'de, Llerlejr-B. Bucknell's.
Eanhedrtn H"l«htii. Hullrtll*. Orr'e Hot
_prin_s. Mendoclno Ctty, Fort Brag*. West-
port. Usal, Wllllts, Lavtonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsea's, Dyer, Scotia.
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets a*
reduced rate*.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond Fan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. (SO Market ct.. Chronicle bldg.
U. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN,
General Manager. Gen. Paas. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MIL.L. VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-«:85. •>:«. U:W a. m.. 1:U
J:1E, 4:00. 5:15. •«:15. 1:40 B. m.
EXTRA TKIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Raffcel. on Mond ay*. Wednesdays and Satur-
days et t:00 and 11:33 p. m.
BtrNDATB— m iM. *10:W., 11:10 a, m.. 'l.lS,
2:U, *4:4S. 6:20, >:00 p. m.
Train* marked <•) run to Ban Quentin.
FHOM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:». •«:2«. 7:«. »:30 a. m.,
*12:S0, 1 «5. *S:*O. 4:30. S:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPP on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Baturoays at «:tf and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDATS— «:M. IM. •10:00. »U:45 a. m.,
•1:40, 'IM. 4^5. »l:J0 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Q-J«ntln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO- SAN FRANCTSCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:45. 6:45, 7:56. >:20 a. m..
12:». 1:10. 1:80. *M, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:29 p. m.
EUNDATS—«:<S. 1Q:<* a. m.. U:0S. 2:U, 2:Mi
1:0<j, f:4fi p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
t:tt a. m. w»ek days— Casadero and way sta-
tions.
1:4S p. ra. Saturdays— Tomalaa and way ata-
tiens.
t:<+ a. bbl. £uB&M.iru — Tonaalea and way ata—
ttSSM
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Frandsoo. via Eauaallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS *:1S a. m. : 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 1:00, 10:00. 11:30 and 1:16 p. m.
Fare, fian Francisco to Summit r-4 Return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMJU_PAI8 ItvJW OPE3*.
Ticket offlcee, 621 Market trt.. Sacsallto Ferry.
§l Or. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1 <32<3 KKABH _r ST. BstaDItebed
m in ISO. (or the tr*atn>«nt of Prlrat*
m Diseases, Last Manhnod Debility or
m dlBeaaeo-earlng on bodyandmtna ana
¦ Skin Dlimtats The doctorenreswhen
M others falL . Try him. Churgtr low
l|('arr>snaraniee'1. CaUlorwrit*
uUBOX, JBox IN7. Saw "- iianlHii.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. M3 C«l.. CTttal* bd.
COAL. COKE A>D PIO IRON.
J C WIT k CO 9eo B*""? Street.
J- 1 n 1L _!U.l Q lUi Telephone Main UM.
COPPERSMITH.
CW SMITH Sblp J*ta-nMnir_ Steamboat and
• IT- 2.TI11U' snip Work a specialty. IS and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main S641.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Enytr.e<»r. St Eat at.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RfiYF^ & C ft Shlppln* Butcher*. 104
a alvamizi.no and metals,
M'f*. A Dealer in Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN" METAL WORKS. »15 Howard it.
METAL. ,
Extra linotype and itntotjp* metal. P»ctflo
Metal Workt. 137-» First »t.. San rranclseo.
OILS.
l.UBRICATIXO OrLS. LEONARD * ELUSI.
4H FVont St.. 8. F. Phone Main m>.
PAINTS. ~
Cylinder A Lubricating Oils. Schneider's M!n!n«
Candles. C O. CLINCH A CO.. » Front, a F.
PRINTINO.
F f HnfiHF^ PRINTER.
*~ \r llLUllCJt IU Sansome it.. 3. y.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JVDD CO..
P First »t.. San Franc! »oa.
STATIONER AND PPJNTEJ?.
PAHTRIDGE 01 *
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, TH^ E BL \^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. a', its CRSEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, Is the Best Coal In __•
market. Office and Yard*— CO Main street.
g» CHICHCtTCR'S ENGLISH
PEHHYP.GYftL PILLS
*J\-_^_*v ** C1IICH1_HTEK«S J_NGluga
fr_Vti9gC&U KED _ai Gold utaSl. bei« w _i,
« S«3S_? WB ' rtMl t7 •*•¦<» otker. BefVu*
I — Jf «u->p> ft>r P.i-Hr-I.r*. TMUanUU
-\T_/' tmr»M_U. 1.J.OOO r,.aaon'.»». siljj
T* _grf"r_BT>*- i 91 B! * ** I» a non-potwraotis
4K<_^5EX|i^»<& ? 4 ( H remody for Gonorrbnea,
r cTliEs>£f.8 Gleet. Sperm* torrhev v
g?*W ia I u> Sd»Ti \S WbitM » nnnatnral du-
Jmh Gamatred m charg". or any in&mam*.
¦_¦*•*_! not u ttrlit-r*. tion, irritation or ulcera-
1* Sjl»r»Tiai» «oai*ct»n. tion of mucous nn»m»
Ki»% t HEE** < *SChe_'£_lC2. br " M - Xon-«strin«enu
Sold by DranrUts,
l> °°- « r 3 -ottl«. |2. n.
V ' ¦¦ Circolar lent on r«a.u«sU
XSra3Q MARKET ST.StSSir
ADVEETISEMENTS.
STARTS WITH A COLD.
Catarrh Is a Lingering Cold Which
Refuses to Yield to Ordi-
nary Treatment.
Catarrh usually starts with a cold in
the head and it left unchecked In thl3
climate rarely gets well of Itself.
As fresh cold is taken the disease
Bpreads. getting: deeper and deeper, creep-
Ing along: the mucous membranes from
nose to throat, from throat to windpipe,
from windpipe to Dronchial tubes and
from bronchial tubes to lung cells.
The mucous membranes all connect, one
with another. Hence It Is easy to spread
from one part to another lined with this
same membrane. This is why catarrh In
the head soon affects the throat and fin-
ally the stomach itself, bringing on
chronic catarrh of the stomach, which id
a most obstinate form of dyspepsia.
Everybody Is now well agreed that ca-
tarrh is a blood disease and not a local
one, and the attempt to cure by local ap-
plications simply gives temporary relief
from the purely local symptoms without
the remotest effect In staying the pro-
gress of the disease.
There is a new preparation recently of-
fered to the public that is apparently
destined to do away with every other form
of catarrh treatment.
This new remedy Is not a secret patent
medicine, but Is a large, pleasant tasting
tablet composed of Sauguinaria. Eucalyp-
tol. Gualacol. Hydrastin and other valu-
able and harmless specifics, which are
taken Internally and seem to have a re-
markably beneficial ettect upon the blood
and mucous membranes, apparently
eliminating the catarrhal poison from the
whole system.
These tablets, while being pleasant, con-
venient and absolutely safe to U3e, have
made cures In long standing cases of
catarrh that are little short of marvelous.
They are sold by druggists under thu
name of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, and
any catarrh sufferer who has tried
Inhalers, lotions. ointments, salves
etc.. - and realized their Incon-
venience and uselessness, will fully
appreciate ths difference between a mere
palliative and a permanent cure after giv-
ing Stuart's Catarrh Tablets an Impartial
trial.
All drugglstB sell them at 5o cents for
full sized package and no matter where
lh<? catarrh is located, in the h«?ad. throat
lungs or stomach, Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets will surprise you with t..e effective
results of even a few days' use.
WUF^ SAMESHAPC^SBS
». TWO Q VAUTIES JB
_sBBH_9 '^r _3c___?_i
_H__h_H__. /•' '_HJw3S£__i
_BMP_BKj- /.' •_Tffff_UMT-
_^_b__Bb__* _" '_4_B____K^Q__
MBMM-Bfcftjy^^ (?•-< -- .afljjjflg HBWi
¦ ¦-.•» ¦
ADVEBTISEBIgSTS. --.__
Have an Abiding Faith in Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
E^_^_S""^^»y^_R^^Ss_iT-tSTr¥ft_HrnyTT^sT_>a-^_t^r^^^_5-i *_^_^_Sb_i~T _i^ y_P^ M _^^^* M *^y^y
After yea's of struggle to attain and merit public confidence, ¦with a fira
and steadfast belief that some day others would recognize in us the truth,
good faith, and honesty of purpose which we know we possess, what a genu-
ine satisfaction it is to succeed, and to realize the uplifting influence of the
merited confidence of a vast army of our fellow beings.
Thus stands the Pinkham name in New England, and all over America,
and nowhere is the faith in Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound greater
than in New England, its home. Merit, and merit alone, can gain this.
ORGANIC INFLAMMATION. PAINFUL PERIODS.
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I was " I cannot help but feel that it Is
troubled very badly with inflamma- my duty to do something in regard to
tion of the bladder, was sick in bed recommending your wonderful medi-
with it. I had two doctors, but they >£i©___a-^_^v cine. I must say ii
did me no good. A friend pave tee f -^__$£^S^"\ is tte f? rande3 -
Lydia E. Pxnkham's Vegetable Com- # .^KJ** « medicilie on earth,
pound, and it helped me. I have now Sjy j an( * ave -^vised
taken three bottles of it, and I am |M a £ reat many snf-
entirely cured. It is a God-send to l\i AjTI *% fering with female
any woman, and I would r_co •tmend it Jf tL ,. / .» troubles to take it.
to any one suffering as I was. I think, r) '/fit ** J «« * te^ P 60 ?^ *
if most of the women would take K— ' could go on the
more of your medicine instead of platform and lec-
going to the doctors, they would be iV^L__^\\^^«3-t ture on **•
better off. The Compound has also '* My trouble was
cured my husband of kidney trouble." _£ta D__^-*^ painful menstrua-
Mes. Mabel GooKi_r, ation. The suffering I endured pea
Box 160.* Mechanic Falls, Maine. cannot describe. I •was treated by
KRDvni ic nnncTD a tiav one °f onr xnost prominent physicians
IN L.KV0U5 FKObTKATION. here fo _ fiye mor^ hs and fo^,^ myself
" For two years I suffered from getting worse instead of better. At
nervous prostration, the result of tne en< _ o f the fifth month he told me
female weakness. I had leucorrhoea t e had done all he could for me, and
very badly, and at time of menstrua- t _tat I had better go to the hospital,
tion would be obliged to go to bed. •* M y sister advised me to try your
Also suffered with headaches, pain Vegetable Compound, as it cured her
across back, and in lower part of o f backache. I did so, and took it
abdomen. I was so discouraged. I faithfully, and arc now cured of my
had read of Lydia E. Pinkham's Com- trouble, and in perfect health, many
pound, and concluded to give it a trial. thanks to your medicine. I cannot
I wrote to Mrs. Pinkham. and received praise it enough, and would recom-
avery nice letter in return. I began mend it to all who suffer f-^ any
at once the use of her Vegetable Com- female weakness." — Mbs. H. S. Baix,
pound and Blood Purifier, and am now 46 i Orchard St., New Haven, Conn.
feeling splendid. I have no more pain ™_^ __^^
at monthly periods, can do my own ££(1(10 RFWflRn -"WahaTedepciited
work, and have gained ten pounds. I oQUULJ ntllMnUt with the National
would not be without your Vegetable JJ
Compound. It is a splendid medicine. tho above testimonial letters are not _ecn-
I am very thankful for what ithas done i&e, °' *?re published before obi-icing tho
for me "-MR3 J. W J., 76 Carolina *«»&%& SKftteaei™ Co.
Ave., Jamaica Plain, Mass. ' [ I____
• If Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will cure these women — why
not you —you cannot tell until you try it. If you are ill, and really want to
get well, commence its use at once, and do not let any drug clerk persuade you
that he has something of his own which is better, for that is absurd. A*y
him to produce the evidence we do.
__ ___ ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLlfTE^CURlfY. |
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /^Lw^_^ >
V«ry i-wTl aaut as « asty
(• t*J_e cm ng ax.
SFF Ipadttd'oI" 18 headache. cpp
* LL CARTERS FOR DIZZIMESS. *"
/ , riinn:r IlllTTLE FOR BIUOUSIIESS. ™_ TWT¥M1 ,
6ENDINE if vfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
I PILLS F0R COHSTIPATIOM.
WPAPPF9 In " FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPFB
WKAfrLrf 'ijggdl IroRT^coMPLEXiOM wKAFl'tl
__L___y___?_____!lZ_2I__2!__!!_^^I_^__^____:
"-PRrN'l'i-JiD OIT RED _?A_F_a_TR.»
WHICH WAY WILL THE CAT JUMP ?
Is the burning question that interests
both political parties just now; but the
question that interests the man who
wants his linen done up with that snowy
whiteness and exquisite beauty of finish
that will only satisfy the man of refined
taste is where he will find the best laun-
dry in town to do it. The majority of
voters In San Francisco will vote that It
is at the United States Laundry.
"No saw edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found in the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their head-
quarters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered oassageway and
eperated under one management on the
American and European plan.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARXV AND ¦WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to SI 50 day
$3 to $3 we«k; $3 to HO month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: flre grates in every
room; elevator runs alt nlg-ht-
PRrr nnVM <*>"»« Fourth and
' 6c Overcoats and
valises checked free i
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strong
men and women stronger. Rooms S and S 47
Post »t.. San Francisco,
Weak Men and Women
| CHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
j '-'great Mexican remedy; gives health and
, strength to sexual organs. Depot. X23 Market.
1 Weekly -Call. $1 . per TearTHE Republican nominee for the
Assembly In the Thirty-seventh
Dletrict Is Arthur O. Fisk. He 1"
also the nominee of the Citizens'
Republican party. Mr. Fisk is a
member of the law firm of Fisk & Me-
Claughry and Is a graduate of the Hax
vard law school. His probity and open
fcearted. generosity have made him very
popular with all classes In the Thirty
seventh, and among his strongest sup
porters axe many leading Democrats. He
is one of the heaviest taxpayers in the
district HI* qualifications make him
eligible for the leadership of the S«tn
Francisco, delegation on the floor of, the
Assembly and the Interest of tha people
will be safe In his hands.
The Democratic nominee for the Assem-*
bly !n the Thirty-seventh District is
Alexander McCulloch. He waa selected
by Phelan and Fay. A large faction of his
party In the district that had no voice in
the selection of the nominee will caat Its
votes for the Republican candidate. , Tha
ffMrt,ft4«y«aO> IMatttet to Pipnhlinna Uk
eentlment. but William E. White, an able
and popular Democratic leader. waf> elect
ed two years ago by a majority of 10S.
The Indications are that Mr. Fisk will
carry the district In this election by a
much larger majority than the Demo
cratic nominee received In 1898.
The Thirty-seventh District is composed
of all ! that portion of San Francisco
bounded' as follows: Commencing at the
Intersection cf Market street- and: Van
Ness avenue, continuing thence along. tho
center of the following named streeUr.
Market to Valencia, Valencia to Rldh?y.
Ridley to ' Guerrero. Guerrero to Four
teenth, Fourteenth to South Broderick,
South, Broderick to Park road, around
Park road to Frederick, Frederick " to
First avenue, .First avenue to" J; J f to
Fourth avenue, . Fourth . avenue to , K, K
to the waters of the ocean, . thence ; along
the shore of the ocean northerly, to Ave
nue D, Avenue D to Stanyan." Stanyan to
Grove, Grove . to Van Ness : avenue. Van
Ness : avenua to Market, the place of be-
THE Republican nominee Tor the
Assembly in the Thirty-eighth
District is R. W. Roberts. The
district is Republican and tha
election of the party nominee by
a good majority Is regarded as certain.
Mr. Roberts Is forty-three years of age.
He was born in San Francisco and has
lived in the district eighteen years. He
Is a graduate of the San Francisco High
School. He has been in the employ of tha
San Francisco Laundry Association twen
ty-five years. As administrator of ' the
estate of his father. G. G. Roberts, he
haa shown that he possesses sound busi
ness : judgment.'
Mr. Roberts takes an activa Interest In
public affairs, but haa never held office.
He fought tha boss element : of, his dis
trict In the last convention and gained
his nomination - by .'. fair and honorable
means. Citizens of the district who have
known Mr. I Roberts since his boyhood as
sert that he; is, manly, independent and
courageous— the type . of * a man . that the
feMigll «aaaot eontrcU H« iua means "oX
his own to defray the legitimate expenses
of the campaign and has therefore de
clined to accept financial assistance. The
voters of the Thirty-eighth District ought
to elect Mr. . Roberts.
Gavin McNab's Democratic Convention,
which assembled at Odd Fellows' Hall,
nominated Bert Schleslnger for Assembly
man to represent the Thirty-eighth Dis
trict. The nominee Is an active lawyer
and a fair example of the Democratic
statesmen of the district. He served as
Assistant, United States District Attomey
under Hon. H. 8. Foote.
The Thirty-eighth Assembly District is
composed of ail that portion of San Fran
cisco bounded as follows: Commencing
at Avenue B and the* Pacific Ocean, con
tinuing thence along the center of the fol
lowing named streets/ Avenue B to First
avenue. First avenue to Turk, ; Turk to
Broderick, Broderlck to O'Faxrell, O'Far
rell' to Van Ness avenue. Van Ness ave
nue to Grove, Grove to Stanyan, Stanyan
to .Avenue . D, ¦ Avenue D to the ocean,
thence along the shore to Avenue B, th*
place of beginning,
IT.
The Early English Comedy.
Before discussing the English comedy it
will be necessary to define another ele
ment of the ludicrous — that of mere fun.
A man may be a comic writer without be
ing either a humorist or a wit.- This ele
ment is the whole stock in trade of the
variety theater, the Sunday newspaper
writer and the professional funny man
who is content "to grin through a liter
ary horse collar of slang and bad spelling"
and raise laughter by mere grotesqueness.
Such humor consists largely of capers and
contortions of the mind and body, of ca
ricature, of practical jokes and horseplay.
The humorist says, "Laugh with me"; the
clown says, "Laugh at me."
This variety is the most primitive and
elementary of all humor. With savages
and rude people generally It is the chief
source of merriment. From the days of
the court jesters to the days of the circus
clown It has been exceedingly popular.
Children, and even grown people, laugh
immoderately at the capers of Punch and
Judy, and the fun culminates when the
little tyrant unmercifully beats his wife.
In the early English comedy the ludi
crous element came largely from this
source. There are traces of U even in the
miracle plays of the middle ages. In the
play of Noah's flood, for Instance, the
wife of the patriarch refuses to leave her
circle of gossips and go into the ark.
After a lively debate, during which Noah
gets decidedly the worse of the argument,
he seizes a stick and with the aid of Shem,
Ham and Japheth he succeeds in beating
her into the place of safety. This was
good fun for the rude spectators, and they
roared with merriment.
In the dramatic Interludes Introduced
by Heywood in the time of Henry VIII
the element of fun predominates. Not
only is there an abundance of buffoonery
and mere horseplay, but there is a con
stant running fire of coarse Jokes,
ludicrous allusions, puns and droll rail
lery. In "The Four P's." a Palmer, a
Pardoner, a 'Potlcary and a Peddler, after
each had unmercifully rallied the others
on their professions, they Indulge in a
lying contest. In which the Palmer easily
wins, for he declares:
Yet have I seen many a mile
And many a woman In the while.
Not one good city, town or borough
In Christendom but I have been through-
And this I would you should understand
I have seen women five hundred thousand.
Yet in all places where I have been.
Of all the women that I have seen.
I never knew, upon my conscience,
A single woman out of patience.
The early comedy that of all others is
most typically English In its sense of
humor Is "Gammer Gurton's Needle."
written about 1562. Here we have for the
first time all the elements which go to
make up a true English comedy. The
later humorous drama became more re
fined and artistic, and it added other ele
ments, but In each case the Innovations
were adaptations from foreign models.
Comic charactoriiatlon was brought in by
imitators of Plautus and Terrence. In the
hands of some playwrights the characters
became mere caricatures. In later years
Ben Jonson made the comedy of comic
situation. He It was who first marked hta
characters with certain traits which they
are forever displaying. One character has
a peculiar phrase which he constantly re
peats In all situations: another Is forever
eating; the miser prates of nothing but
gold; the hypocrite Is everlastingly whin
ing; never for a moment can we lose sight
of the trade marks. This is mere fun. The
best of Jonson's skillfully planned situa
tions are also nothing but mere fun.
"Gammer Gurton's Needle," with all of Us
coarseness and crudeness and buffoonery,
contains more genuine humor than do all
of the plays of this skillful playwright.
Jonson waa a consummate master of plot
and of comic characterization, but, lack
ing the element of humor, his plays are
read only by special students.
The true comedy must combine wit and
fun and humor. It must sparkle with hits
and repartee; It must have for variety a
goodly amount of the merely comic, and
ft must send its roots deep into the allu
vium of human 'nature. Aside from
Shakespeare, few dramatists have made
this happy blending, and that is why.
aside from the great master's work, there
are few great English comedies.
Elizabethan Wit and Humor.
In the age of Elizabeth the English na
tion, after a long and troubled childhood,
entered upon its period of early manhood.
It awakened all at once, aa every youth
does, to a full realization of its powers
and Its possibilities. It waa teeming with
animal life; it was full of the joy and the
hope of mere healthy physical existence;
It ran wildly into every excess; it dreamed
romantic dreams; it saw visions; It bub
bled over with glad songs. It was an era
of intense intellectual activity. "The very
air of London." says Tyler, "must have
been electric with the dally words of
those immortals whose casual talk upon
the pavement by the streetslde was a
coinage of speech richer, more virile.
more expressive than has been known on
this planet since the great days of Athe
nian poetry, eloquence and mirth."
It was the golden era of English wit
The Queen, who was the center and. soul
of the age. waa a peerless mistress of
word play and epigram and repartee. A
nimble wit was a sure passport to her fa
vor; her court became a fencing ground
where quick retort and brilliant word
thrust and parry made up much of the
conversation. The royal wit spared no
one. The Bishop of London, who doubt
less never had seen the royal wardrobe,
discoursed before her on the vanity of
dress. "Let him beware." she cried, "or
I'll fit him for heaven, and he shall- walk
thither without staff or mantle." Spain
sent Don Guzman as Embassador to her
court and she sent In return Mr. Mann,
remarking slyly: "The Spaniards send a
goose-man; I will send a man who is a
goose." A noble who had offended her
begged for mercy. "The Hon." waa her
answer, "never injures mice and other
vermin." Her wit plays through all of
her letters and papers. Parliament, ex
ceedingly anxious to know her intentions
as to marriage, demanded of her an an
swer, but her answer gave little light.
"Were I to tell you that I do not mean
to marry, I might say less than I Intend;
and were I to tell you that I do mean to
marry. L might say more than It Is proper
for you to know; therefore, I give you an
answer answerless."
No one more keenly relished a Jest, but
there were times when jesting was dan
gerous. Harrington one morning would
ask of her a favor, but a glance at her
face sent him away with the remark: "I
will not adventure her Highness* choler
lest she collar me also"— a joke more ex
pressive when It was new, since the Queen
when in a fit of rage had once actually
seized upon a nobleman and shaken him
vigorously, naleigh during one period so
influenced Elizabeth that it was whis
pered that he virtually governed the king
dom. Observing them at cards one day.
Tarleton exclaimed: "See how the knave
commands the Queen!"— a sentence that
was his undoing.
But the wit of the period was by no
means confined to the courts. The Inns
and theaters fairly sparkled with word
play and witticisms. Oh, that there had
been a Boswell In the London Inns during
the period when Marlowe and Lodge and
Greene and their troop of merry roister
ers held high carnival; or, again. In the
Mermaid, the Sun and the Triple Tun,
where the merry "tribe of Ben" held
their nightly wit combats. How Beau
mont In later years smacks his lipa In
memory of the old days.
What things have we ten
Done at the Mermaid; heard words that hava
been
Bo nimble and ao full of subtle flame
As If that every one from whence they came
Had meant to put his whole wit In a jest.
In a single night, he declares, enough
wit was wasted to Justify the whole city
talking foolishly for three days. The soul
and center of the gathering was the pon
derous Ben Jonson, who as Drummond,
his contemporary, observes, was "given
rather to lose a friend than a Jest." But
the nimblest wit of all was Shakespeare.
"Many were tha wlt-oombats between Shake
speare and Ben Jonson." observes Fuller, who
speaks from experience. "I behold them Ilka
a Spanish great galleon and an English man
of-war. Master Jonson. Ilka the former, was
built far higher In learning, solid but slew In
his performances: Shakespeare, uke the latter,
lesser in bulk, lighter in sailing, could turn
with all tides, tack about, and tak* advantage
of all winda by the quickness of his wit and
Invention."
Outside of the Elizabethan drama only
> lew plUXul scraps o{ $& wit, and tumor^
of the age have been preserved. A few
collections of bon mots were attempted.
Lord Bacon complied a collection of
"Apothegms." or witty anecdotes, chiefly
of the ancients. A single one will illus
trate:
"One was saying that his great-grandfataer
and grandfather and father died at sea; said
another that heard him. 'And I were aa you,
1 would never come at sea.' 'Why.' said he.
•where did your great-grandfather and grand
father and father dleT He answered: 'Wher
but in their bedsT Saith the other: 'And I
were as you. I would never come in bed.' "
i The best pun in the collection Is un
doubtedly In the anecdote of the sailor
who was tried before the "wise just-as3."
A Jest book entitled "Conceits." pub
lished in 1639, contains many of th© witti
cisms of the period. Here may be found
the bright epigram. "It is better to be
witty and wise than witty and otherwise."
and the story of the man named Gunn
who was advised by the Magistrate be
fore he had been arraigned to give a good
report In the future. Indeed, the ancient
joke books contain many genuine "Joe
Millers" which are even now r-ive and in
circulation.
The greatest body of genuine Eliza
bethan wit and humor Is contained In the
dramas of Shakespeare. Fewartlst3 In
the history of all literature have known
so well as he the secret springs of hu
man mirth. He has mingled in his work
every type of humorous composition. He
ha* used freely the broadly comic ele
ment of the early EngUah comedy. The
"Comedy of Errors," for instance, turn
ins as it does upon a «udlcrous confusion
among characters identical in personai
appearance, comes very near to the level
of broad farce. Launcelot in the "Mer
chant of Venice" is a purely comic creat
ure. He raises laughtei by his antics and
his grotesque speeches. Old Gobbo. his
blind father, enters and the clown Imme
diately seizes him and whirls him about
the stage till he loses all sense of direc
tion.
Gobbo. Master young gentleman. I pray you
which is the way co Master Jaw»?
Launcelot. Turn up on your right hand at the
next turning, but at the next turning
of all on your left: marry, at the very
next turning;, turn of no hand, but turn
down Indirectly to th* J«w*s bouse.
Gobbo. By God's sontles 'twill be a hard
way to hit.
At length Launcelot reveals his identity,
but the old man. sorely confused, wishes
to feel hia face. The clown presents the
back of his head for Inspection.
Gobbo. I'll be a worn If thou be L&uncetot
thou art my own flesh and blood. Lord
worshiped might he be: What a beard
but thou got: Thou bast got more hair
on thy chin than Lwbbla my Oil-horse
has on hla tall.
Launcelot. It should mn then that Dobbin' *
tail grows backward; I am sura ha had
more hair of his tall than I have o£ my
face wten I last saw him.
Gcbto. Lord*, how art thou c&angedl
Shakespeare uses his comic scenes with
exceeding skill. They come ever aa a con
trast. After the reader of "Macbeth" haa
been wrought upon by the murder scene,
that most fear-lnspinug scene in ail lit
erature, he Is aroused all at once by thd
maudlin babblings of the porter at the
gate, who, having "caroused until th<»
second cock." is now In a highly exalted
condition. He is porter of hell gate and
he comments in drunken glee on the dif
ferent persons that he is admitting to tha
"everlasting bonfire."
Every play of Shakespeare's, save per
haps "Macbeth," sparkles with wit and
word-play. Puns— some of them extreme
ly bad ones— are found everywhere. The
cobbler in "Julius Caesar" is questioned
as to his trade.
Truly, sir. all that I live by Is with the awl;
I meddle with no tradesman's matters, nor
woman's matters, but with awl. I am. Indeed.
sir. a surgeon to old shoes: when they ara in
great danger I recover them. As proper men as
ever trod upon neat' a leather hav* gone upon,
my handiwork.
One could hardly open to a pajo of
Shakespeare without finding a pun.
Falstaff— My honest lads. I will tell you what
I am about.
Pistol — Two yards aad more.
Falstaff— No quips cow. Pistol; Indeed. X am
la the waist two yards about, but I am now
about no waste; I am about thrift.
Celia— I pray you bear with m*. X can go no
further.
Clown— For my part I bad rather bear with
yoa than bear you; yet I should bear no cross
[a plec* of money] ti I did bear you; for I thin*
you have no money In your purse.
The court fool, that typical product of
the middle ages, furnished Snakespearo
with a vehicle for much fun and wit. In
him we have best illustrated the old idea
of the "wit combat." He is a "wit-snap
per," he must have an answer always
ready and he must keep up smartly the
shuttlecock of badinage and repartee aa
long as possible. The fool in "King Lear"
and "As You Like It" axe well known ex
amples. The grave scene In "Hamlet"
contains one of the beet of these combats.
Hamlet— ¦Whose grave is mis, airf
Clown— Mine. sir.
Hamlet— I think It b* tbiae, lndted: for thou
Uest In it.
Clown — You lie out on't. sir, and therefor* it
In not yoara: for my part, I do not lla la"t.
and yet it Is mine.
Hamlet— Thou dost lie In't, to be tn't and say
It Is thine; 'tia for the dead, not for th« quick;
therefore thou Ilest.
Clown — "Tia a quick lie. air; 'twill away agala
from ma to you.
¦ Hamlet— What man do*t thou dig it for?
Clown— For no man, sir.
Hamlet— For what woman, then?
Clown — F*or none, neither.
Hamlet — Who la to be buried la It?
Clown— One that was a woman, sir; hot. re«t
her soul, she'* dead.
It is the humor of Shakespeare that has
made bis works the Immortal creations
that they are. His characters axe Intense
ly human: they are like living men and
women. We smile at their foibles and
weaknesses, but we feel nevertheless tha
great common bond of human nature that
has made them our brothers. There 13
something to win our sympathies even in
Falstaff. that "great tun of flesh," that
droll, accomplished rascal, whose whole
life was but a round of selfishness and
sensuality. Despite his villainies there Is
not a single reader who knows him that
would wish him punished for his crimes.
There is a moment of real pathos as we
read of his closing hours;
Xay. sure he's not In hell: h»'s In Arthur's
txixm. If ever man went to Arthur's bosom. A'
n*ade a nner end and went away an' it had been
any Christian child; a' parted evsn Ju»t between
twelve and one. «vea at the turning of the tide;
tor after I saw him fumble with the sheets and,
play with the Cower) and smile upon his fin
gers' end. I knew there was but on* way: for
bis nose was aa sharp as a pen aad a' baobled
of green field*.
Poor Jack. farewelL "We say with ths
Prince: "I could have better spared a bet
ter man." He Is so Intensely human, so
real, ao delightfully characterized, so
truly humorous in every sens* of that
word, that he Is one of the glories of our
literature.
To give samples of Shakespeare's humor
is almost Impossible within narrow limits.
His humor, like all humor, is subtle, per
meating, perfuslve. It spreads through a
whole bcene like a delicate odor through
a room, and one may not say "It Is here."
"It Is tneTe." E>oubtless the most humor
ous scene in all Shakespeare Is the fourth,
scene of the second act of "King Henry
IV." where the old rascal recounts tha
story of his valiant combat with the in
creasl^S number of men In buckram.
When he Is fairly made to realize that the
"two or three and fifty" rogues that set
upon him in the darkne»3, several of
which he succeeded In running through,
were In reality the prince and his compan
ion, from whom, as a matter of fact, he
had run in mortal terror, his presence of
mind does not desert him.
Falstaff— By the Lord. I knew ym as welt as
he that made ye. "Why. hear yoo, my master*,
was It for m» to kill the heir apparent? Shou-ct
I turn upon the true prince? Why. thou know
est I am as valiant &9 Hercules; but beware In
stinct: the lion will not touch the tne prince.
Instinct is a great matter; I m a coward on
Instinct: I shall think the better of myself and
thefe during my life: I for a valiant lion, ant
thou for a true prince. But. by the Lord, tails,
I am glad you have the money. Hostess. c!ap
to the doora: watch to-alght. pray to-morrow.
Gallants, lads, boys, hearts of gold, all th*
titles pf good-fellowship corns to you! what!
shall we bo merry? Shall w* fca.v» a. play ex
tempore?
Prince— Content: and tha argnm«nt shall b«
thy running away.
Falstaff— Ah I bo more of that. Hal. «n* thou
lores t me.
This Is true humor. It is more than
mere fun. It is more than the mere flashes
of Intellect— it Is "a touch of nature that
makes the whole world ktn."
FRED LEWIS PATTKE.
; ¦ Fenn^ylvaala State Coll*ge.
ENGLISH COMEDY AND ELIZABETHAN WIT.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
•
HUMOR Of* ENGLISH AND AMERICAN LITERATURE
ORATORS FROM EAST AND WEST
SPEAK IN PRAISE OF McKINLEY
FREDERICK W. HOLLS, the dis
tinguished constitutional lawyer
of New York, secretary and coun
sel of the American Embassy to
the Peace Conference at The
H»r«, and Will A. Harris of Los Angel
c«. until four years ago a Democrat, were
tbe epeakers at a great Republican meet
ing at Metropolitan Temple last night
Joseph a Campbell presided aa chair
man of the evening. Assuring the visitor
.rora New York of a hearty welcome to
The coast, he introduced him as the first
fr^Rkpr. Mr. Holls spoke in part as fol
lows:
It has been ray privilege to ascertain by per
e'r.al observance how this country's po'lltlcal
equation is looked upon by foreigners. I have
crten thought it would be of benefit to Amerl
r«n. to ask what an Intelligent foreigner might
Know or America from this the laat Presiden
ral campaign of the nineteenth century. Xo
country has greater cause to look back upon
the nineteenth century with pride. Xo nation
Y.n* made greater progress. When you look
Uck upon events you will see how much we
for which to be grateful.
Now. at the dose of this greal period, what
» tne eountx-y a*ked to do? It Is asked to put
t..e seal of disapproval upon the administra
tion to which credit is due for most of that
progress. It is asked to give a vote of no con
n.ienoe m that administration. It is asked to
enliven its financial system, a svstem inter
tw.r.ed with our national honor and national
prosperity. And for what? In order to put
£ t! Vhtl fiC * U " di * e °atente<J part. It is asked
I r\ w **?X iu " Crst «*»entlal. unity, and
JjJKL*?! °, itic * lh * P* rt tha * «an,is for dis
irrtem. I kncw thit If) the way tntfmgent
WmT^* UJKm the pr ** ent Pol'f.caJ situa-
Th» reasons advanced why there rhmiid be
a change of administration are based mainly
on questions connected with our foreign rela
t.'inv When we {.n'.nt to our progress we ar»
ti :d there is danger of imperialism undermining
tjic Declaration of Independence. If that were
true I admit that the danger would outweigh
• ny rcinomic question. It is right we should
arceft fuc j ; a challenge.
It :s a curious fact that r.rver before has
• 'i a<Jir.Sr:iFtratic>r'. stood for re-election wh'.ch
haf received «w> little rrit:<-;sm. You wi!l find
«*at not even the Kar.sas O:tr platform has
¦ ny declaration that the administration of do
r.«»*tic affairs has had anything in it of cor
ruption i r mismanagement.
The nnj'.narv * n r»irn relations have not been
rrs^p j-o rr.urh c s-jbjett or att*rk as the Phil
lrrlne r>cllcv. and vet :h»t record is a r>«rt nf
erelimty in the Philippine IMands. To destroy
6o\erelgnty over a large number of people Is
aji act of great responsibility. We assumed
that responsibility before the world, and it
will be a sorry day for America when Ameri
cans come to think lightly of their duty. When
we destroyed Spanish sovereignty in the Phil
ippines it was our duty to put something In
its place. That is Just what we have been
doing «ver since.
The dancer of imperialism is real. If we
should find anywhere in this nation a section
dominated by the will of one man; if that one
man should be low and corrupt; if that sec
tion ehould be & great city and its organization
a great factor in national politics, then, my
friends, you have imperialism. You find it
with ilr. Croker and his vile Tammany crowd.
You find it in the men who glory in the fact
that they live by political blackmail, off the
dives of New York City; Jn the. organization
of whJch Mr. Bryan had the effrontery to tell
the people of Syracuse. "Great is Tammany
and Crocker Is its prophet." My friends, ther*
is the <li.r.£er of imperialism.
The subject of trusts ig- not brought Into
partisan politics in good faith. I am free to
confers that one of the great questions that
will confront the nation la that of monopolistic
combinations of cap.ial. It is not a party
question. It confronts uo in a manner that
threatens our property rights. In the dark
path of the proper regulation of such com
binations there ha* just one step been taken
that lights it up, and that was taken by our
gallant candidate for Vice President, Theodore
Kocsevelt.
The true lseue in this campaign is Bryanlsm.
It ib the question of whether the people in
tend to rive a vote of no confidence, to take
the government out of the hands of a great
statesman and nut it in the hands cf a mere
politician and rhetorician. If you here in Call
toirr.ia do your duty you will have no occasion
to be ashamed of us in New York.
Tl:e more the questions are Judiciously con
ssdenxl. the more certain I feel that the last
campaign of the century will be a crowning
glory of our history urn! that it will result In
the triumphant re-election of William McKln-
Will A. Harris was Introduced and
spoke in part as follows:
My first republican vote was east for Wil
liam McXInity and Garrctt A. Hobart ' My
second will be cast or. the 6th of Xovember
next for William McKinley and Theodore
Kooeevclt. My second Republican vote will be
cast with greater pleasure, satisfaction and
confidence than was the first. There is no
lotfic *o powerful. »o unanswerable as the
lofTir of evw-.ts. and the logic of events has
proven the wisdom of those who supported the
ll*publlckn candidates and platform of 1SS6
Forty year* have passed since Abraham Lin
coln wps elected President. Some of thobe who
denounced him then are speaking kindly words
cf him now. It is well that they should. It Is
Temple To-Night.
The Stanford-Berkeley Democratic rally
at Metropolitan Temple, to-night will
doubtless attract a large audience. For
mer Lieutenant Governor Jeter will pre
side. Speeches will be made by students
of the universities and campaign songs
will be sung by the Stanford Glee Club.
There will be a Democratic rally Mon
day night. at Phelps Hall. J. H. Henry.
Frank H. Gould, Charles A. Sweigert and
R. P. Troy will be the speakers.
Democratic Students From Stanford
and Berkeley at Metropolitan
RALLY OF COLLEGIANS.
Frederick W. Holls of New York and Will A. Harris of Los Angeles
Deliver Able Addresses at Metropolitan Temple.
money in its pursuit of wealth. Trusts,
except they be of a prune nature, are ob
jectionable to him.
He had no hesitation in saying that Old
Glory should be hauled down from the
flagpoles in all of the newly conquered
Isles and that liberty should be guaran
teed the natives In any manner suitable
to themselves. >
Following Mr. Henry Judge W. P. Law
lor made a short address, in which he
spoke of the dutips of a Judge and the
qualifications necessary for that office.
Judjre Lawlor was well received. Stephen
V. Costello. A. Sweigert, E. P. Troy. Joe
T. O'Connor. -W. Ixicke and other local
candidates had their say. Robert J.
O Reilly acted as chairman of the meet
ing.
A Republican rally under the auspices
of the Afro-American League will be held
Monday night at California Hall, 610 Bush
street. The speaker will be Congress
man Kahn, Henry S. Foote, H. S. Scott.
M. C. Sloss and others. The Afro-Ameri
can quartet will sing campaign songs. J.
C. Rivers Is president of the league and
George W. Jackson is secretary. The
campaign committee Is composed of T. B.
Morton, chairman; C. A. Jamieson, sec
retary; S. M. Davlaon. Chastine Ford, A.
P. Lee, William F. Ford, A. Grant, Z.
T. Thomas and A. Loney.
Afro-American League.
Martha E. Stearns has sued George F.
Stearns for divorce, alleging failure to
provide as cause of action.
¦ • ¦
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Mary A. Townsend from John E.
Townsend on the ground of desertion;
Charlotte A. Rowland from T. J. Rowland
for cruelty: Ruth D. Walker from John
D. Walker for infidelity, and Clara Bogart
from Charles A. Eogart for cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
FREDERICK XV. HOLLS, THE DISTINGUISHED NEW YORK LAWYER
AND MEMBER OF THE AMERICAN EMBASSY TO THE PEACE CON
FERENCE, ADDRESSING METROPOLITAN TEMPLE MEETING.
This afternoon and evening the Young:
Ladles' Auxiliary of the Little Sisters'
Infant Shelter will give a tea and music
ale at the residence of Mrs. E. B. Cutter,
2310 Washington street. The hours are
from 2:30 to 5:30 In the afternoon and from
8:30 to 10:30 in the evening. The young
ladies have arranged a first-class Inter
esting programme of vocal and Instru
mental numbers.
Tea and Musicale.
well. too. that we should remember that some of
the burden he brrre would not have been bo heavy,
his days would have been brighter, his path
way lers thorny, perhaps his death would not
have bten fo tragic, had such words been
jpoken when te wu in the midst of th« na
tion's troubles.
Forty years from now some of those who ara
denouncing- the present chief magistrate as an
Imperialist and an enemy of his country will
refer to his administration as one of glorious
memory.
There are those who contend that trade fol
lows the flag and those who contend that It
does not. but of one thlnr I am certain, and In
this I believe all will agree, that is that the
school hour"- follows the flag, and before Mr.
Bryan reaches the age of maturity there will
be an imperial army of 50,000 school rnarms in
the Philippine Islands, and the i«chool tnarm
can civilize the worst barbarian on earth!
Is there any reason to believe that evil will
come to the Philippines from American domin
ion when «kj much g-ood has been accomplished
In Cuba In so short a time? The Philippines
are and will remain possessions of the United
States of America. Mr. Bryan In one of his
ipeeche* lnQulred by what title we .held them.
The answer is. we hold them by virtue of a
solemn treaty whose ratification was urged and
brought about by William Jennings Bryan. Why
should we enslave or impoverish or destroy
them? W« -who love liberty cannot, will not
enslave others.
• .
J. H. HENBY SPEAKS.
The Santa- Clara Capitalist Touches
Lightly on Corporatiops.
J. H. Henry, the Democratic nominee
for Congress from the Fifth District, ap
peared before the Democratic voters of
the west section of the Mission at Duve
neck's hall, Twenty-fourth and Church
streets, last night. The attendance was
good and the man from the prune region
was well received. He lost no time in
warmlns up to his subject, which waa an
attack on the administration, imperialism,
expansionism and all of the other isms
repugnant to the Democratic party. He
was jrentle and tolerant in his allusions
to corporations, for he Is the president of
a street railroad which employs men and
MERITS OF SOME MORE CANDIDATES
FOR THE NEXT ASSEMBLY CANVASSED
Arthur G. Fisk, Republican Nominee, Should Win in the Thirty-
Seventh — In the Thirty-Eighth R. W. Roberts Has a Good Record.
th* record of the «flmir.irtraitlon.
At the b^jr'r.nlr^ of th<» cimrairi th*r» was
«n «r>7>^&! made to the Oerman voters on the
rround that there » as a ffTPt un'lwta.ndin*'
r+t*r*a <l* Catted FtatfE and Enjtlan'l. lniml
ra] to Oenasfijr. For ic-vtral »«*>k«i there have
b**n no *u<-h apr*aU. for fVfn a Demorat
frrir tir<-<1 of Rftenltag a fals^h^od. Ko far as
a w-r«t DndcrK&tvUnx with Groat Britain.
T rr ;f- has fxif.e'l an r l the Democrats well know
1 w«r.t »ri *sr that a r**«K «f flrTt importance
of ih« S-janiFh-Am^riran war wan the re
ur'tin* of the North and South, and no thlnk
ir* n.»n will r^irret that th* tendency haj> been
tha same w-ith th* Enc'il^h flaking penpl*.
Tbert i« <-r.c fact that «houi<l b* remembered.
that ar.y r-.an who attemrt* f> **>w dix-oM be
'"¦¦**!! r*rr» Df hla o»-n rountry or Mwe*n
the T-.arre of patriot. Ar.<i all th» world knr>Tr«
that the uaertfan of a *.*<- r «t ar.1er«tan<lln«
¦with Oreat JlrUaln Is »!-ir>!j an attempt to *ow
So t«: n* (Vrnury i» «-or»<-»ra»*1. w» harr
t*i* wof'. of fV.. «r»-»at*Kt dlpJotr^t that America
h*» f\<r wnr slroai. AndreTr l>. White, and of
Count von I;t:!ow. that D*r*r ha'- e our re i,_
tion* wl-b Orrr.any been no fri*n<?ly.
Apy ir.an who irar.t« thr T"ntt<<! States t-> ro
o--:t cf their trcditional paMrt** In regard <o
Cvn-nns politics, no matter how tirrmrimj
tbm ritua-'on may he, that man is no patr- .t
1 hal rwraiion in be a»»or|ate<1 m-ith a ratti
*rlr.c that «!11 bi r«^ar<5e4 aj« ore of the nut
iTiijorur.t n» hl*tory. I refer to the peace <".->n
fTfno -it The Ham* It in the habit to *ne-r
*h»s the l'eare Conference I* mentioned !»•
oa*.:*e rer fca» not been aV,ll*h»<l. p o a ' K fy^
niwy jwcjj'.p r^irani a sanitary coofartaet a
failure If s chIM I* taken <iow"n a week !at»r
v-Jth the scarlet fever. The peace Conf-r«- n »<•
»a» rwt a oenference of <ir»amers. hm r-t di
t'lorrats. fnd that very largely 1»^
<•>>• the Am<-r!rsr Etr.baMy, «ucree«je/i i n { r «m
inc what ?"!!! be known &r the M^rr.a C"harta,
r>f iaternatlonal arbitration. There will he
hereafter an im*rr;atlonal court to whi--h thnv
lrrlta.tin|t Questions of international politics vtll
V<e eubmltted. That re»ult «*ould not have
be«n possible except for the able and asiT^.jv.
Clplorcacy of William McKlntey. lMlsiini? with
the «-overr.ment» of Europe that It ehould. not
turn out a farce.
When we sank that fleet we de«trojre«! nmr-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, lyOO.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
Housekeepers and good liv
ers, ATTENTION! Just the
thing you want — some splen
did and original receipts for
dainty side dishes will be
printed in Sunday's Call. Pho
tographs are given with these
receipts so there can be no
mistake. You cannot fail. Try
them and you will find the
dishes simply delicious.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell is making one of the
grandest campaigns for Congress In the
Fourth Congressional District. He is
speaking every night and midday to tre-
mendously large meetings. He will cer-
tainly be ele-cted and will clean out bosses,
corporations. Chinese and Japs and will
get an extension of the restriction bill. •
M. C. Sloss. who has been a member of
the firm of Chickering, Thomas & Greg-
ory for the last seven years, is a candi-
date for Superior Judge. He has all the
advantages which education and experi-
ence, added to Inherent honesty, can give,
and is eminently fitted for the posi-
tion. • •
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. •
Vote for Thos. F. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court. •
GRAP2-HTJTS.
«eoeoe9eet»etteted0«9«
• ©
| No Appendicitis |
• For those who use •
I Grape -Nuts I
J the pre-d!gcstcd J
I 'Food i
• Sold at groceries. 2
••••••••••••••••••••••
CRAPE SUGAR.
Now Used In Food.
The great increase ' in intestinal
troubles of late years is largely due to
non-digestion of the starchy part of
bread and the grains.
Grape-Nuts, the new breakfast food,
contains the starches chanced to grape-
sugar (the first step in digestion).
Grape-Nuts are delicious and appe-
tizing.
Made by Postnm Cereal Co.; Lira.,
Biulo Ctcck, Mkh,Condition of the Treasury.
ers' bills at J4 S3>4 for demand and at J4 SOU
for sixty days. Posted rates, J4 81@4 81H and
J4 84V.I5/4 S5. Commercial bills, $4 79Vi@* SO.
Silver bills, 64<4(8<5%c. Bar silver. 64^c. Mexi
can dollars. CG^ie. Government bonds, strong;
State bonda, weak; railroad bonds. Irregular.
New York Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Bradstreefs on Trade.
The situation In cereals shows little chance.
A feature of the movement of produce to mar
ket at the present time not heretofore noted
this year is the growing scarcity of cars re
ported west of the Mississippi. Sugar Is lower
than anticipated and cofTee Is oft on continued
laige receipts. The strength of demand for
finished products of iron and steel, noted for
some tlms past, finds reflection in an improved
inquiry for the cruder forms at leading iron
certers this week. Steel billets are reported
52 higher at Chicago, while a similar advance Is
noted at Pittsburg, and efforts to raise the
level of Bessemer steel billets are being' de
bated. The claim that stocks are being stead
ily reduced Is borne out by reports of several
loOO-ton lots being moved at Pittsburg and fur
ther west and . Intimations that a ¦ still larger
business has been arranged for on a conditional
barls dependent upon election results. -While
Southern pig Is . unchanged at the South a
sharp cut In the fame ts noted at Western
markets. The lowering of coal prices, expected
as a result of the ending of the strike, is'ex
ptcted to help the export trade In ecal which
to. however, confronted, with high freight rates.
Despite some irresularitle*, growing out of
the unseasonable weather conditions, heavy
price changes In leading staples or Increased
conservatism In some trader* as the election
approaches, the general business situation as a
whole is encouraging and new elements or man
ifestations of strength, appear from time to
time. Perhaps the most notable feature of the
week Is found In the Industrial situation,
which has been distinctly Improved by the ap
parently official and final action taken toward
ending the anthracite coal miners' strike.' In
view of the fact that moat miners have ob
tained Increased wages the effect on business
in the producing regions can .hardly be other
wise than beneficial while the trade at larue
must reap benefits from the return to normal
conditions. Other lines of trade which showed
Improvement are those of shoe leather and
kindred products at the East, which are reaping
the benetit of better distribution in the country
at large, and rather more than an average busi
ness has been done In wool at the East with
holders more inclined to demand full 'prices
for their products.. The continued .weakness
of cotton Is an element of uncertainty In the
goods trade, but the firmness of these products
in the fact of l%c decline In price Is a tribute
to the strength of the market.
NEW TORK, Oct. ».— Bradstreet' s to-morrow
will say:
Local stocks and bonds were dull, but tn#r«
*ere very fair sales of oil stocks at about
the same prices.
The Crown Point Mining Company ha* levied
an assessment of 6 centa per abar*.
STOCK AND BO2TD EXCHANGB.
FRIDAT, Oct. 24-1:30 p^ m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.A»fc
4s quar coup.. 115 115* 4 1 (a do cp <new)134»iV35^
4s do reg llo 115» 4 3s do coup 110 W.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Co PCO..102H103S4 |oak Water 5«.10J4 -
r-^ia^ S^ffif ~ °«*an!c SS 5s.l0s£lWl
P , 6s "l - Pac G Imp 43.10a -
F & Cl Ry 6a.. — — P & Cl Ry «a..l!Hi»10«
H C & 3 5#s.. - - Powell-at R U.n:\i ~
.Do 5? 100 — Sac E O&R 5a.lOOVU
L A R 6s 106H — SKA 8JV 6a.US —
L A Lt Co 6a.. — 103 S R of Cal Is. — —
Do gntd 6a... — — S P o« A 6S...112H —
L A gntd 5a.. — lOmls P ofC6s(UCi)
L A P R R Ss. - 102^ (Series A)... .137^4 -
Market-st 6B...12SH — Do (Series B)108^ —
Do 1st M Ss.llSH — S P C <a < 1X8)1034 119
N C N G R 7s. — U4 Do O91J> US U3«l
N R of Cal 6a.ll3 — S P R 1st * 53.107 —
• Do 5a 116ft — S P R «s 130 —
NPCHR 63.102 — 8 V Water «».113 «1U
Do 6s — 107 1 ,! Do 4s 103 —
N Cal Ry Ba.-lllH— I Do 3d mtg...lO2H —
Oak O L & 11.110 111 Stktn Gas Ca.lOO —
Oak Tran 6s... 114*1117 ''"'/'
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa- «9',4,Wi Spring Valley. M JS';
Marln County. 51H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 3 s i — Pac L Co 44 —
Equtt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac El G&RCo 34 40
Mutual El Co. - 11 S FG A E.... KVS51
O G L & II.... 43'i 43% Ban Francisco. 4', i
Pac Gas Imp.. 5S^ 53 Stkn G & E Co — U
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.22j — '
BANK STOCKS.
4.nglo-Cal Ltd. 6S\ 70 First NatlonL.25« S00
Bank of Cal..4U3Vj410 Lon P & A... .1361* —
Cal S D & T..104V»105H Merchants' Ex IS 13
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S fz L..... — 1900 Sav A L So... — O.
Hum S * L.. — — Sec Sar Bk... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co — —
8 f sav U....K15 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....124 — O S L & H-« — 42^
R»arv-st SO 40 Presidio 17H 23
Market-st «7U 63
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — — Vlgorlt Hi $*»
Giant Con Co. S3!4 S4
SUGAR STOCKS.
Minn s P Co. 7 7»t Kllauea SP Co »> —
Haw C &. S Co — 87 Makawe'.i S Co 4Ui 41H
Ilonokaa S Co 30'i — Onomea S Co. 2S l i 2SM
Hutch a P Co. Z14 — Paauhau S Co. 30?4 2l4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCK3.
AI Pack Assn.15 125«4 Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Asn.in2 1<MH Pac C Bor Cto.159 —
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co.. 134 —
Oceanic S Co. — 93 _
Mornin; Session.
Board —
40 Alaska Packers" Association K5 25
15 Contra Costa Water TO PO
70 llonokaa S Co 3» IS
Continued on Page Thirteen.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28.— With an . occasional mo
mentary exception trade in wheat was dull
and, of a holiday character, traders beln j In
clined to ex-en up on account of the holiday
trade as well as Saturday. Liverpool' showed
a good response early to the bulg* here yes
terday and December wheat opened %o higher
to He lower- at 73',4o to 73Kc. This initial
showing: was disappointing to the crowd and
the market forthwith took on an easier tone.
Thte feeling was further encouraged by the
excellent weather, the small shipments and
the continued liberal receipts, as well as the
Liverpool loss of Its early gain. Without ma
terial reaction, December declined to 72Vie.
where the market on a demand for export
steadied and rallied fractionally, closing: Tic
under the closing of the previous session, at
72HC.
• Oorn was steady, Influenced by the pressure
of new corn, prospects for the early movement
of which seem unusually bright, by the wheat
weakness, indifferent cables and alow business
In a shipping way. y December closed V4@Ko
down.
Oats were dull and neglected. December
closed H@Hc lower et SlKettTic.
Provisions started with a show of dullness
because of the advance of prices at the yards
and the poor quality of hogs. Selling by longs,
however, soon turned the scale the other way
and the early gain was more than loot. Janu
ary pork closed 7Uc under yesterday, lard un
changed and ribs 2%@5c down.
-The leading futures ranged as follows:
- Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; winter patents; J3 7003 90; straights,
W 10@3 60; clears, J3<@>3 40; spring specials, J4 40
#4 45; patents. $3 4003 90; straights. J3@3 45;
bakers', $2 2O®-3 75; No. 3 spring wheat. 63071c;
No. 2 red, 73c; No. 2 corn, 37%c; No. 3 yellow,
37%c; No. 2 oats, 22®22',ic; No. 2 white, 25c;
No. 3 white. 24I?25'/4c;' No. 2 rye, 47M,@47'^c;
fair to choice malting barley, 4S@S6c; No. 1 flax
seed, Jl S0@l 81; No. 1 Northwestern. Jl 81@1 82;
prime timothy seed, Jl SO: mess pork, per barrel,
Jll 50; lard, per 100 pounds, J7<g? 02%; short ribs
sides (loose),. JG 75@7; dry salted ¦ shoulders
(boxed). 6<g«Vic: ehort clear sides (boxed), J6 75
@6 85; whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 27; clover,
contract grade. J1O01O 25. <
•; On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was fairly ; active; creamery, r. 16322c;
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— The stock market un
derwent mar.y changes of 6entlment to-day, but
on the whole came through the ordeal very
well and t«t average level of prices waa higher
as a result of the <*,iy's trading. The market
•jv&e very irregular from the opening and <Jur
ir.g the course of the session the bearish ten
dency fairly get the upperhand. carrying
prices to wr.Il below last nisht's le\-el. The
extreme rar.se In the most active stock was
from 1 to over 2 points, but the final rally
reduced net changes In nearly every case to
Email fractions. The weakness which over
came the market was clearly enough an In
cident of the digestion of profit*. The force
of the final rally showed the professional oper
ators \-entured to sell shorts pretty freely also.
Wa3 street had its d?.lly report this morning of.
etupendcus new combinations Jn the railroad
world, this time relating to Southern Pacific.
The Vanderbllt interests, it was said, had se
cured control, and all problems of competition
and rate-cutting were forthwith to be. settled.
But in Southern Pacific enormous blocks of long
etock came out. succeeding a primary Bale of
10.000 shares at quotations Vi point apart. The
opening quotation wa» the highest of the day
and the stock fell away l«i during the active
filing; movement. Brooklyn Transit was ao
tively dealt in and was pushed up 1% before
marked signs of weakness began to develop.
These points of strength served to sustain the
market somemhax. but realizing continued on
an active scale. A number of the iron and steel
fclTks declined from 1 to l'.± points.
The fall In the call money rate to 2 per cent
and the manifest relaxation in the pressure
to reaJlze encourae*d the advance. The call
money market relieved apprehension and sug
gested the inference that the banks must have
further contracted their loans so as to re
duce the reserve requirements during the week
Only about *4.O00.CCO of gold of the Jll 000 000
encaged for import waa received In time to
fljrure In the bank statement to-morrow.
The bond market continued active and showed
poir.ts cf weakness in sympathy with stocks.
Total sales, par value, J3.054.O0O
fr.lted Statea refunding 2b. when issued, the
¦orthT^cS" 4 the £s adv * nced * »~ ~«
NEW YORK STOCK LIST^
fco'.d. Etock- e
2J.P70 Atchlson Bld !(s ,
1G.C0S Atehlaon prefd .. . Sii?
8.6C0 Baltimore & Ohio". ZJ&
Canadian Pacino '.'. if?
4C0 Canada Southern ".".'. m!" 4
14.330 Chesapeake & Ohio soi
¦¦¦ :C2 *>-«<*ro Oreat Western *= n<*
•'^ Sl lic * go - Burlington & Qulncy 127%
100 Chicago. Indianapolis & Louisville 22
Chicago. Ind £ Louisville prefd. .! $4
¦•••— Chicago & Eastern Illinois sm
#5 Chicago & Northwestern if,2^
1.4.tO < hlcago. Rock Island & Pacific. 10s*;
C C C 4 6t Louia j el
?«0 Colorado Southern .... £«
100 Colorado Southern let prefd".'.'*.''.'!*. 3SH
Colorado Southern 2d prefd is
7.10 Delaware & Hudson *."""ll2T4
, ?,1 £*;"*¦* arv - *-»<** wanna & Westernll'S
2.t'10 Denver & Rio Grande SOU
1.220 Denver & Rio Grande prefd "' 70u
Erie 52v
Erie 1st pr*>fd \\\ «ij
tit Creat Northern prefd *36.-H
Uf> HorKlnq Coal 16V
4S0 Hocking Valley 2s2
¦ 1.2M Illinois Central '"llS
220 Iowa Central .** u
Iowa Central prefd " a
K0 Lake Krie & Western 35
200 Lek* Krie & Western prefd 102
Lake Shore »c«ii
S.f40 Louisville A Nashville....... 7*1?
16.CS0 Manhattan Elevated 97r2
4.2O0 Metropolitan Street Railway 161U
«oo Mexican Central 12i«i
2W> Minneapolis ft St Louis 59 ]
3"0 Minneapolis & fit Louis prefd 98
26.675 Missouri Pacific t;u
100 Mobile & Ohio 89^
210 Missouri. Kaunas & Texa* 10U
».SS5 Missouri. Kansas & Texaa prefd 82'-,
COO New Jersey Central 13514
L144 Sew Tork Central -...1«
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— Bradstreefa financial
review to-morrow will say:
At the end of last night It was apparent
some large financial and speculative Interests
wero taking an aggressive position on the bull
aide of the account. This week has witnessed
the development, under such auspices of a r?s
lng market. Transactions exceeded any at
tained in many weeks, and although manipula
tion and speculative activity contributed largely
to the Interest in the proceedings, ther. have
been more evidence of outside interest than
for a long time. Buying of stocks by commi-
slon houses has, In fact, recommenced on a
scale that contrasts sharply with the lack of
any such support to prices for several
months past. London alao has taken a part In
the dernongtration. and though the foreign par
ticipation was mixed in character. Europe was
a considerable buyer of stocks on balance
This, however, does not mean that bullish
speculation in Americans has broken out in
London. On the contrary. It seems to result
from the fact that heavy operators there con
cluded that as a consequence of election un
certainties in this country our market would
break and eold many calls on "Yankee rails "
besides selling them short to a large sum total
This foreign bear Interest was subsequently
alarmed and started to cover extensively there
by helping the advance along. Local bear trad
ers have likewise been obliged to cover in the
stocks of which they were largely short, but it
was also noticeable that the smaller profes
sional was not only prompt to take on the suc
cessive advances In different stocks, but alao
Feemed Inclined to put out freah short sales
In fact, the street as a whole seemed to be Im
pressed with an Idea that before election day
there might be a reaction In prices. r
BEANS— Bayo*. J2 33@2 50; Small White. J3 60
@3 S3; Large White. J2 60@S 80: "- Pink Jl 9<va
2 10; Red. - J3 Z3 ; . Blackeye. . t2 75®2 S5 Lima.
J5 15(35 20; Pea. JJ 75®4; Red Kidney. J3 7504
• SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal* Yellow
Mustard,- nominal: Flax. J2 25@2 40- Canary
EHoper lb for California "and 4a for Eastern-
Beans are still firm, but the demand is less
urgent and the trade are "wondering whether
the lull will be followed by a decline.
Beans and Seeds.
The action of the German Government In dis
continuing the shipment of horses . and Hay to
the Orient has decreased the demand for Hay
somewhat, but prices are not affected.
Bran continues eaey. but prices show no fur
ther change.
BRAN— $15 50@16 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J16 50«:o per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, J15®18 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@26: Jobbing,
J26 50; Cocoanut Cake, J17@1S; Corn Meal. J26}i
27; Cracked Corn. J26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed. J15
©16. •
¦ HAY— Volunteer, J5@8; Wheat, JH®13 50*
Wheat and Oat, J10®12 50; Oat. J9@ll 50; Clover'
$5«J7: Alfalfa. J6 50©8 60; Barley. J7@3 per ton*
. STRAW— 35@45o . per bale.
Hay- and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount - to the trade: Graham
Flour J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. t2 75; Rya
Meal. J2 60; Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal. J2 75;
extra cream do. J3 50; Oat Groats, J4 50; Hom
iny, JS 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. JS 60; Farina, J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25: Rolled Oats (barrel*), J6Q
7 26; In sacks, J5 75®7; Pearl Barley. J5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, J3 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
8 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. J3 40@3 SO;
Oregon and Washington, J2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family, and J3 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern.
J4 75@5 75 per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
- WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were higher.
New York declined la Chlcajro was steady.
Tli're was little demand and local operators
were free sellers, both of long and short Wheat.
Argentine news was unfavorable.
The San FrancUco market was lower, both on
and off call, and business waa very dull.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; Milling, 97Hc@$l
per ctl.
CALL BOARD BALE3.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 4000 etls,
97%c; 2000, 97'4c; 2000, 97%c; May— 2000. Jl 03%;
20CO, $1 03%; 2000, Jl 04.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
. BARLEY— The market Is steady, but quota
tions are no higher. The demand is slack.
Feed. 72M-.C for choice bright, 70c for No. 1
and 62%®67>4c for on*/ grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 75@S0c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market is quieter at the moment,
but prices are as firm as ever.
White, Jl 35@1 50; Surprise. Jl 45@1 65; Red.
Jl 1531 25 for feed and Jl 25@1 40 for seed ; Gray,
Jl 25©1 35; Black, for feed, Jl 12V5O1 20; for
seed. Jl 22tt@l 32H per ctl.
CORN— The market Is quieter and prices
show some change. Eastern yellow. Jl 20<a>
1 22V4: white, Jl 22V4@1 23%; Eastern mixed,
Jl 2P@1 21% Per cU.
RYE— S0c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at Jl 75®3 per ctl.
with the arrival of 50 ctls.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 SO
New York Exchange, sight — 7^4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 641*
Mexican Dollars, nominal S0H 0 61
Exchange and Bullion.
Bradstreefs Financial Review.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NETVv" TORK, Oct. 2«.— After opening steady,
with prices unchanged to 4 polnta higher,
there was a period of irregularity and general
hesitation, but later the market displayed a
fair degree of strength and worked steadily up
ward until it reached 9c A break of 14 points
occurred under profit taking by room traders.
Lnter there waa more or less uneasiness mani
fest en both eidos. with the result that In a
ns-rrow range fluctuations were frequent, with
the market erratic. The close was steady, I
points higher to 4 points lower.
NEW YORK. Oct. 88.— FLOUR— Recelpta. 23,
06S barrels; exports, 23,332 barrels; aales. 8000
packages. Market unsettled and nominally 60
to 10c lower to sell, with buyers holding oft.
WHEAT— Receipts. 22.200 bushels; exports,
none; sales. 8.950.GO0 futures and 4SO.0C0 spot.
Spot— Weak; No. 2 red. 77^ic f. o. b. afloat and
7514c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 83Vic
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. S6%c f. o. b.
afloat. Options— Were weak again to-day, suf
fering from speculative neglect, liberal sales by
yesterday's buyers, favorable Northwest
weather, further land and small seaboard
clearances. Closed weak In spite of a good ex
port trade at %c to T4c net decline. March,
SsO^f SIHc, closed 80%c; May. 80Hc@81Hc, closed
SO^c; October closed 75V4c; December, 77 1 / »@
7b l-16c, closad 77«4c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL-Dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, steady, No. T Invoice,
8Hc; mild, quiet; Cordova. 9?i@14o. Futures-
Closed steady, with a net advance of S to IS
polnta. Total Bales, 47.250 bags. Including:
November, J6 95@7 05; December, $7 05@7 16;
January. $7 2007 25; March, $7 S0@7 40; May,
$7 40@7 45; June. $7 55; July. J7 60@7 55; Au
gust, $7 65; September. J7 65@7 60.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet: fair refining, 4Hc; cen
trifugal, St teat. 4?sc: molasses sugax. 3 Tic
Refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. S268 packages; steady.
Creamery, 16ff22Hc; factory, 13516c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6446 packages; dull. State
and Pennsylvania. 21©22c; Western packing, at
mark, 17019c; Western, loss off, 21c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples was rather quiet but about
steady at nominally unchanged -prices. 8tate,
common. 4(35c; prime, 4»i@5Vic; choice. 6V4®6c;
fancy, CSGfic.
California dried fruits Inactive.
PRUNES— Nominally 3V4®8V4c per pound, aa
to nize and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll$?16c; Moorpark, 15018a.
PEACHES — Peeled. 16©20c; unpeeled. 6'uju.
New York Cotton Market.
Butter la going down rapidly In toa> whole
sale market and retail prices are being sym
: pathetically affected. There Is no change in
Cheese. Eggs are still dearer, with the be*t
, kinds quite acarce.
Meats are aa before quoted. Poultry and
Game also show little change.
There- Is nothing new In fruits aad regs
tables.
Coal. r«r ton —
Cannel *— — ®14 00 Southfleld
Wellington.. ©11 CO| Wellington ——©11 <X>
Seattle 9 00# ICoos Bay.... — © 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc—
Butter, choice, so..50'3u> (Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good 35045! doien 40S53
Cheese. Cal 12'c 15 ¦ Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eaatern..l"-g;20 pound lS'SM
Cheese. Swi»s 20u33 V>o, extracted... .lftgu
}jmmon Eggs...M33TVi
Meats, j>er lb—
Bacon 12H®1« Round Steak 10<J—
Beef, choice 153M Sirloin Steak 15<ff—
Do. good 10-812 [Porterhouse do ZO-g —
Corned Beef — ©lo|3moked Beef —§13
Ham 13&L'J?ork. salt 12@15
Lard —^iSiJPork Chops 15@13
Mutton 10©12iPork Sausages. .12^^20
Lamb 10#12iVeal li®15
Pork, fresh 15©— I
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each SOgKjDoves, per doi....73ff99
Toung Roosters, iQuall. per doz..$l 50^3
each 50063 English Snipe, per
Old Rooatera. ea~.40-i-5o| dozen Wg2 50
Fryers, each 40^*45 Jack Snipe. ..Jl 50^
Broilers, each 30^40 ilallard. palr.30c©U 25
Turkeys, per lb...lS@20 Canvasback ..90c@il 23
Ducks, each 50<gM i?P ri «* 60^73
Geese. eaeh...U 60@l 73 Teal tO^c'l
Pigeons, pair 40<g50 Widgeon SOT. 60
Rabbits, pair «*Sj:50 Small Duck.. 40®—
Hare, each — ©ICiWlld Geese. palr..60i3«0
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per Ib..l5@— (Limes, per do»....KMT12
Apples 43 5 Lemons, do* 1(V313
Bananas, doz 15&20 Plums, per lb.... 5W 9
Cantaloupes. ea-..10<@:30 Quinces, per lt>... 4» S
Figa, per lt> 15@— RaJslna. per It>... 6<S12
Grapes, per lb.... 4a «; Raspberries. dr...3o£bo
Watermelons. ea..lO®23 Strawberries, per
Nutmeg Melons. drawer 23S3)
each 5^10 Walnuts, per lb..ic<a—
Oningea. doz 15sS5
Vegetables-
Artichokes. doa...30<gG0 Okra,green,p*r lb.10012
Beets, dor 12S13 Peppers, green, lb 521')
Beans, white, lb.. 5#— Potatoes, per lb.. 3® 5
Colored, per lb.. 41* JiSweet Potatoes 3-j^ 4
Lima, per lb ~~§ S! Parsnips, per doz.istr
Cabbage, each 5<J?10 ; Radishes, dz bchalO©12
Cauliflowers, each 5210; Bage. doz bnchs.
' Celery, bunch 5®— String Bears, lb.. 4© 4
Cress, doz bnchs. .20025 Summer Squash.
Cucumbers, pr dz.l2friS I per lb..* *aio
Ears Plant, lb 8gl0) Thyme, per lb....20<s?30
3reen Peas. lt> 6® S| Turnips, per doa..l0«Sli
Lettuce, per doz..l5i^— j Tomatoes. p«r lb. Ut i
Onions, per lb.... S@ si .
Fish-
Barracuda 12®— Shad 10U—
Carp — 90J1O Sea Baaa
Codflsh ...128— Smelts .Jose—
Flounders 8<{?10 Soles io«—
Halibut 10®— Skates. «ach 8fti»
Kingflsh 9@— Tomcod — «19
Mackerel 13@— Clams, ration 50<a—
Do. Horse 12*49— Do. hardshell, lb S310
Perch 1CS12 Crabs, each 12S'<?—
Pomplno 909— Do, softshell. dz4i>ff—
Rockflsh 124^— Mussels, quart.... 5§19
Salmon, fresh 20@ — Oyster*. Cal, 100 .40350
Do. smoked — (SISJ Do. Eastern. da.2Si?v>
Shrimps 3@10i
Family Retail Market.
Weather Report.
CTOth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
CAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 26—5 p. ra.
The following maximum temperaturea wer«
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60, Los Angeles 72
Fresno 72- Sacramento 6S
Independence C6 San Luis Obispo 74
Red Bluff 70 Ban Diego 66
&lount Tama!pal»....Cl|
San Frar.clsco data: Maximum temperature,
CS; minimum. 55; mean, €2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevalla over the
Pacific Slope except In Washington and Oregon,
where it is clear. Light rain fell this morn
ir.g in the western portions of Washington end
Oregon.
The pressure ha* fallen along the Northern
California. Oregon and Washington coasts and
r :>¦•¦•.. over the plateau region. It la highest In
Washington and lowest in Southern Arizona.
The temperature has fallen over Northern
Nevada and Southern Idaho and remained
nearly stationary In other dlstrlcta.
A storm has appeared oft the Orr-gon coast
moving northeastward and will probably pass
inland over Northern Washington or British
Columbia.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
weather Saturday, probably 6omewhat threat
ening. In Caiiforr.ia-
Forecast made at Fan Francisco fer thirty
hours, ending midnight, October 27, 19W:
Northern California— Partly cloudy and *ome-
Trhat threatening Saturday; light, variable
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
VHt wind.
Nevada— Generally cloudy Saturday; warmer.
Vtah— Generally cloudy Saturday; warmer.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Saturday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
and somewhat threatening Saturday; light
eouthweet wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
"Spot apples were easier, goods being offered
freeiy «it *>^c. Bids mere made Thursday of
4"*c- Future apples are quiet and practically
unchanged. Trade In nuts is quite active,
filberts. Brazils, almonds and pecans attract
ing most attention."
"¦l>atee continue very active at full pric*«
end cales amount to considerable quantities.
Sair are very well cleaned up. and holders
now a*k S'jc and even better. FIgf, old and
new. are mwting v.-ith good demand.
• •Currant* are steady, notwithstanding th«.
arrival of the Junes Turpte, and consump
tive demand i- ! declared nearly, if not quite,
up to the ordinary yesrs. The big whole
salers are mostly sur>pli<Hl for the present, but
at the prewnt demand must Boon replenish
ttockj". which. In the existing conditions, mar
mean still higher prices. It Is reported that
one large house Is in the market now fo
a rcund lot. Cleaned currants are In quite
an active demand at lS'hk.'Slic. with a firmer
fe*Iirv*r. Raising are rather quiet, though new
needed are wanted and going out well. Fancy
Malaga raltins en epet and to arrive are sell
ing quite freely, particularly old goods, en
account of their comparative cheapness. De
mand for Valencias is only fair.
In prunes, which has been at rather a low
ebb for come time. Is revived considerably by
a cut under the association prices on Santa
Clara 'four elzes' of about half a cent. Out
eide gr>ods, it is understood, have been of
fered here for eeveral days on these terms
and a fair Quantity is believed to have been
takpn. Prunes on ppot are in fairly good de
manri from the regular trade.
Mall advices from New York Bay: "Interest
Dried Fruit in New York.
NEW TORK. Oct. 26.— Money on call, easier
at 2«?4H per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile ; paper. 5@6 per cent. Sterling ex
change, heavy, with' actual business In bank-
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Atchlson, 33H; Canadian
Pacific. 80; Union Paclflc preferred. 7SH; North
ern Paclflc preferred, 75%; Grand Trunk, 6%;
Annconda. »%. Bar silver. Quiet. 29 15-16d per
ounce. Money, 1V4 per cent.
CLOSING
Money was harder becaune the bank borrowed
more. Instead of repayment of sums borrowed
recently. It was rumored that the market had
borrowed S3me money from the bank, but this
Is Improbable.
The bank lost £5000 gold to Egypt and £7000
to Holland. There were no transactions in the
open market. . ¦
"public" buying considerably in this depart
ment for the first time for a long period. . Ber
lin was disposed to sell.- Southern Paclflc
boomed for a while on the unconfirmed report
that the Vanderbilts had Becured control of the
BVFtffm.
NEW TORK. Oct. 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here were quiet and irregular,
under the Influence of hardening money rates.
Americans see-sawed feverishly, but a fair
amount of businesa waa done In them, the
London Market.
tE20 Norfolk & Western ~ 37tf !
*59 Norfolk & Western prefd 78H
2.055 Northern Pacific 66%
660 Northern Pacific prefd 73>4
3,370 Ontario & Western 22»*
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
E.O67 Pennsylvania 13*%
€.105 Reading 19
2.500 Reading: 1st prefd 59%
1.700 Reading 2d prefd 29H
Rio Grande Western 50
Rio Grande Western prefd 90 /
St Louis & San Francisco 11%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 67
200 St Louie & San Fran 2d prefd 36H
1.000 St Louis, Southwestern 13^
2,000 St Louis. Southwestern prefd 31 "4
3,125 St Paul U5%
100 St Paul prefd • 1«2
St Paul & Omaha US
47.CS5 Southern Pacific 37*»
1.6W Southern Railway 12%
1.920 Southern Railway prefd 36?*
4,000 Texas & Pacific • 1?!4
20.S00 Union Pactflo 62H
1.510 Union Paclflc prefd 75T»
300 Watath «J4
L000 Wabash prefd 19H
1.S00 Wheeling & L E 9H
l,;.20 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 25
100 Wisconsin Central 12Vs
Third Avenue HO
Kxpresa Companies —
10O Adams 129
4<X) American 155
828 United States 50
100 Wells Farso 127
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 36\i
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
400 American Mailing 54
320 American Malting prefd 25
E50 American Smelting & Ref 41 T 4
499 American Smelting & Ref prefd 81H
American Spirita l\i
American Spirits prefd 17
200 American Steel Hoop 24U
2,075 American Steel Hoop prefd 74'A
6.S45 American Steel & Wire 35*4
1.S50 American Steel & Wire prefd 75
8.C50 American Tin Plate 34
300 American Tin Plate prefd Sl*i
1S.2S0 American Tobacco 97*4
249 American Tobacco prefd 132
1.000 Anaconda Mining Co 45U
67,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 627*
2.C50 Colorado Fuel &. Iron 3S*i
6,300 Continental Tobacco 29
475 Continental Tobacco prefd ElVi
13.K0 Federal Steel 38T»
2,420 Federal Steel prefd tS\
500 General Electric 143
400 Glucose Sugar 55
Glucose Sugar prefd 99H
400 International Paper 20H
2,830 International Paper prefd 66*1
Laclede Gas 71
2.565 National Biscuit 70%
ICO National Biscuit prefd 90
220 National Lead 20
1S4 National Lead prefd 96
1,710 National Steel 30
CO National Steel prefd S$4
350 New York Air Brake 123
100 North American 15?i
Pacific Coast 58
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67
6.710 Pacific Mall 43>4
S.--3 People's Gas 54'*
1.175 Pressed Steel Car 43
Pressed Steel Car "prefd 83
Pullman Palace Car 183
Standard Rope & Twine 5
4J.995 Sugar 122^
Sugar prefd '. 116
4,860 Tennessee Coal *: Iron 68V4
490 United States Leather prefd 71%
490 United States Leather prefd 41ft
United States Rubber 33
United States Rubber prefd 94
620 Western Union 87
S63 Republic Iron & Steel Co 13%
643 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 56%
P C C & St Louis 60
611.6C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg....tt*£.N. T Cent lsta 103
U S ref 2s coup..l044|N J Cent Ken 5s. ...124
U S 3s reg 10»!i N Pacific 3s 66VS
U S 2s coup 110 N Paclflc 4s 103H
V S new 4s reg....lS4 SYCtBtL 4s. 106%
U S new 4s coup. .125 N & W con 4s 97»4
U S old 4s reg lliVi Or Nav lsts 109
U S old 4s coup... 115 Vi! Or Nav 4s 103%
U S Be reg m%, Or Short Line 6s..l27H
U S 6s coup 114 Or S Line con 6s.. 114
Dlst of Col 3.65s.. .124V4 Reading Gen 4s... S8W
Atchlson gen 4s....lOO»aiR G W lsU 98H
Atchlson adj 4s *.i!, St L & I M con 6s.U0
Canada So 2ds 107 j St L & S F gen 6s.l23
Ches & Ohio i^t.-lOO jSt Paul cons 170%
Ches & Ohio 5s. ...120% St P C & P lsts....H8»,i
C & NW con 7s....l3»'i St P C & P 6s 119
C & NWSFdeb 5«.12C jSo Pacific 4s S0%
ChCO Terminal 43. 92 go Railway 6s 109%
Colo So 4s M Stand R & T 6s... 69
D & R G lsts 103 Tex & Pac lsts....U4>4
D & R G 4s nv* Tex & Pac 2ds.... 70
Erie General 4s.... 7o«g Union Paclflc 4s... 105%
F W & D C 1st.... 74 'Wabash lBts 118
Gen Electric 5s.. ..118 IWabash 2ds 103
Iowa Central lsta.. 112 West Shore 4a 102%
L & N Unl 4s 98% WJs Cent lets 86H
M K & T 2ds 67H'Va Centuries 91
M K & T 4s 92*4 '
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15-OntarIo E 75
Crown Point 06lOphlr 78
Con Cal & Va 35 Plymouth 11
Dcadwood 50 Quicksilver ...125
Gould & Curry 80 Do prefd 6 00
Hale & Norcrosa.. - 22 Sierra Nevada 22
Home-stake 55 00 Standard 8 30
Iron Silver 70 Union Con '.. 18
Mexican 3 5rjYeIlow Jacket .16
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Union Land 1%
Call loans S@4% West End 91
Time loans 6tf« iWls Cent 13*4
Stocks— I Bonds—
A T & St Fe 32H'Atchlson 4s 93ft
Do prefd 74V» N E Gas & C 5s.. 63
Amer Sugar lKH Minlns Shares-
Do prefd 116 Adventure 4%
Amer Tel 147 Allouez Min Co... 2%
Boston & Albany.. 2-iji; Amal Copper 91
Boston L 155 Atlantic 24
Boston & Maine.. .191 Boston & Mont 323
Chi Bur & Q 127H Butte & Boston... 64H
Dominion Coal ... 31"- 'Calumet & Hecla..785
Do prefd U3U Centennial 17tf
Federal Steel 89 iFranklin 15
Do prefd 6SVi!Humboldt 25
Gen Elec 143'4 1 Osceola 71
Do prefd 139ii!Parrott 45«4
Ed Elec 111 219 iQuIncy 153
Mexican Cent .... 21U! Santa Fe Copper.. 7
Michigan Tel .... 85 'Tamarack 258
N E Gas 8c. Coke.. 13 Utah Mining 32^
Old Dominion .... 21VI Wlnona 3%
Rubber 32 Wolverines ........ 4114
Union Pacino .... 62% I
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— Th* followin* table,
compiled by Bradstreet, showa the bank dear
lna-a at th» principal dtiea for the week ended
October 26. with the percentage of Increase
and decrease as compared with tha correspond
ing week last year.
Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. 0 !
New York $1.084,232,40» .... Vj-J.
Boston ;. U8.884.684 .... lf-7
Chicago 134.923,835 .... \-\
Philadelphia 89.W9.441 ..... *••
St. Louia 34.385.556 10.1 ....
Pltleburg 82.428,720 .... *6.1
Baltimore 19.1S3.740 0.»
San Francisco .... 20,640,803 6.1 ....
Cincinnati 13,518,750 .... H.4
Kansas City 17,329,428 ll.«
New Orleans 12,866.660 17.2 ....
Minneapolis 15.736.958 J-J ...-
Detroit 7.834,623 B.» ....
Cleveland 11.101.683 .... *•«
Louisville 7.710,725 .... •••.
Providence 9.035.500 .... «.6
Milwaukee 6.21R.R32 8.1 ....
St. Paul 5.674.622 .... 2.6
Buffalo 4,972,032 .... U.7
Omaha 6.536,910
Indianapolis 6.15a,0W .... 9.3
Columbus, Ohio 6,224.000 .... 5.6
Savannah 6.3S6.762 65.T
Hartford 2.023.347 .... 11.9
Richmond 3.&S1.043 83.8
Memphis 4.073.306 .... 23.6
Washington 2.139.7S6 .... 23.6
Peoria 2.317.6S6 .... 2.3
Rochester 1.S88.564 ....
New Haven 1,198.483 .... 1S.2
Worcester 1.434,962 .... 2.9
Atlanta 2.261,916 .... 15.8
Salt Lake City 2,605,433 .... 12.6
Springfield, Masa... 1.248.5S3 .... 11.3
Fort Worth 2,213.242 43.8
Portland. Me 1,075,908 .... 11.1
Portland, Or 2.430,456 14.6
St. Joseph S.6K970 22.0
Los AnEeles ! 2.129.374 22.1
Norfolk 1.42S.617 1.0 ....
Syracuse 1.11;., ."23 .... 2.S
]vj Molnes 1.441.&04 24.4
Nashville L3S3.113 9.2
Wilmington. Del... S62.260
Fall River 1.277,978 29.1 ....
Ecrantcn 1.030,274 4.7
Grand Rapids 1.196.874 6.0 ....
Augusta, Ga 1,197,014 .... ....
Lowell 829.4S1 2.9
Dayton, Ohio 1.082,616 8.4
Seattle m 8.072.535 8.J
Taccma * 1.097.4R3 10.4
.Spokano L092.214 . 8.S
Sioux City 1.631.584 26.1
New Bedford 457.074 .... 16.2
Knoxville. Tenn.... 642, 1S6 .... 6.2
Topeka 992,739 68.1
Birmingham S95.59O 8.3
Wichita 445,638 .... ....
Binghamton 333,800 .... S.S
Lexington. Ky 429,893 12.3 . ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 200.230 .... 5.1
Kalamazoo SS6.677 26.1 ....
Akron 4S1.200 22.0 ....
Chattanooga 402.8S0 11.8 !
Rockford, III 302.606 !
Canton, Ohio 276.6C0
Springfield. Ohio... 243,130 .... 12.9
Fargo, N. D 319.989 ..*. 22.1
Eioux Falls, S. D.. 78.718 .... 64. 2
Hastings, Neb 1S4.3S7
Fremont. Neb 120,443 24.1 " ....
Davenport 991,511 21.5
Toledo 1. 190. 606 11.8 ....
Galveston 8,70i.ooo 9.4
Houston 15.927.670 70.S .... :
Colorado Springs... 795.41S .... .... .
ToungFtown 269,072 .... 61.5
Springfield. Ill 436,578
Little Rock C99.1S6 .... 43.8
Helena 693,912 ....
Evansville S3O.865 26.2
Macon 773,000 £9.0
Totals U. S $1,739,411,158 ~ H
Totals outBlde ,
N. Y..... 655.178,754 .... 8.2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J15.380.116 .... »7
Toronto 11.787,467 4.J
Winnipeg 2.284.910 23.8
Halifax L725.475 9.0
Hamilton 814,909 .... 2 «
St. John. N. B S71.8U • 21 3
Vancouver 1,150.706 14.4 *""
Victoria 673,236 8.8 .!"..
Totals 134,688,690 .... Ti
Bank Clearings.
Failures for the week were 205 In the United
States, against 190 last year and 28 In Canada,
against 27 last year.
Wheat also continued its downward course,
owing to the good news here and abroad, but
an encouraging feature was the accelerated for
eign buying as quotations declined. Atlantlo
exports for the week were 2.935,028 bushels,
against 2,233.625 a year ago, and Pacific ship
ments 879.043 bushels, against 658.583 last year.
Sales of wool at the three chief Eastern mar
kets continue to increase. <?xceedinir five mil
lion pounds last week. Prices are not altered
and blda slightly below the market are refused.
Cotton goods move rather more freely as the
price comes nearer parity with raw materials,
but wide sheetings are dull at the advance to
J2c.
The election means a great deal to all busi
ness lntefbsts and although confidence In the
future. Is seen on every hand, it Is but natural
that men do not care to take unnecessary
chances, and therefore delay new engagements
aa, far as possible until after the ballots are
counted. But contracts for steel raila for the
season : thus far are within 50,000 tons of last
year's heavy bookings and the confidence in an
ultimate, marked Improvement is bo strong that
all raw materials are firm and without any
speculative activity to stimulate them. The
agitation for an advance in billets, though a
small one. is nn indication of what the iron
and steel markets expect in the next six months
and in the great industries sellers of material
could -easily make heavy contracts If they
cared ; to attach political crovialona to their
agreement* However unreasonable featur«a
may be, It Is likely to be better for business In
the loni run that conservative ideas for the
pretent are entertained. The weather over a
great part of the country haa been favorable
for agricultural operations, which are progress
ing well, and la the East the unseasonable tem
pers tures have retarded general trade compara
tively little, as there has been no great stim
ulus yet this season.
Conditions In the iron and steel market stead
ily improve, orders gradually swell in. rolom*
and buyers make less effort to secure conoes
elons. In most cases quotations are not altered,
but there Is an advance to $20 in Philadelphia
for billets, owing to the better businesa In
rails. Pigiron moves freely, especially at Chi
cago, whero manufacturers have contracted
heavily for finished stuff in excess of raw ma
terial on hand. Castiron P'P« ls ln urgent de
mand and new plans for shipbuilding will take
plates. Bridgebullders . are buying structural
forms heavily. Makers of rails and other prod
ucts of iron have been accused of quoting better
terms to foreicn than to domestic buyers. If
this is done it would seem to be the manufac
turers' affairs rather than the newspapers'.
Minor metals are quiet, except for further
weakness In tin. Silver has reached the highest
price in four years.
NEW TORK, Oct. 28.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
New York Excliange lower. Silver unchanged.
Wheat declined again. Barley steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye about the same.
Less demand for Hay for China. Bran easy.
Beans still firm, but wavering.
Onions continue to creep up. Potatoes unchanged.
Butter declined again. Eggs slightly higher.
Poultry and Game steady.
Fresh Fruit market featureless.
Prune combine disposes of recent rumors. •
Provisions quiet and ufichanged.
Wool nominal and stagnant. Hops and Hides firm.
No further change in the Meat market.
Shipment of $211,771 to China.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WHEAT — Sr>ot. steady; No. 2 red Western
winter. 5s lid; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s
8Vid; No. 1 California, ts 4d. Futures— Dull ;
December, 5s UHd; February, 6s 1H<1.
CORN— Srot. weak; American mixed, new,
4s 4d. Futures— Dull; November, 4s %d; De
cember, 4a; January, 3a 9%d.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 26.— Wheat, firm; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, steady.
COTTON-Uplands, 6 7-324.
CLOSING.
'LONDON.. Oct. 26.— Consols, 99 1-16; Silver,
29 15-16d; French rentes, lOOf 12'4o; wheat car
goes on passage, firmer tendency; No. 1 Stand
ard California. 30s 6d; Walla Walla, 28s 9d;
English country markets, dull.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Oct. 26.— WHEAT— Dull and nomi
nally unchanged. Bluestem, 55c; club, 52o.
"WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 26.— WHEAT- Walla Walla.
62® 53c; bluest em. 55@56c. There Is no demand
for valley for export and interior mills are
paying as high as 62t?63c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Oct. 26.— Clearings. $335,117: bal
ances. 963,112.
Portland's Business.
* LONDON. Oct. 26.— At to-day's session of the
wool auction salea 11,982 bales were offered, and
there was a good attendance. Merinos were
in good demand by the Continent. Inferior sorts
sold slowly. Crossbreds were in good supply
and very firm. Cap« of Good Hope and Natal
wools were In large supply, with the demand
steady.
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK, Oot 26.— The market for metals
was generally Irregular and weak. Pigiron
warrants declined 25 polnta to $S 75@9 75 under
liberal offerings. Tin was dull and a shade
lower In sympathy with the London market,
and closed at $27 75@2S. Lead and spelter were
both dull and unchanged at $4 37% and $4 1Q@
4 15 respectively. Lake copper was also dull
at $18 75 ; 2 > 17. The brokers' price for lead waa
$1 and for copper $18 87%.
Neiv~York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 85^4 10;
fair to choice mixed, $3 40@3 35; Western
sheep, S3 90@4 10; Texas sheep, $2 50® 3 50; na
tive lambs, |4 2J@5 50; Western lambs, Jl 75@
5 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 31.000; to-morrow, es
timated. 16,000: left over, 2000. Active, lOo
higher: top, $4 92%; mixed and butchers', $4 55
@4 92%; good to choice heavy, $4 6594 92%;
rough heavy,. $4 60'«4 60; light, $4 45#4 90; bulk
of sales, (4 65^4 80.
CHICAGO, Oct. ».— CATTLE— Reoelpts, 2500.
Generally steady ( natives, good to prime steers,
$5 60g-6; poor to medium, (4 40(^5 60; selected
feeders, S3 75@4 40: mixed stockers, weak, S2 50
@3 65; cows. $2 75@4 25; heifers. $3 7504 25; can
urn, »2<tf2 60; bulls. $2 60@4 40; calves. $436 50;
Texas fed steers, S4<3>4 90; grassers, »3 36ij4 13;
bulls, $2 7C©3 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction: Grapes— Tokays, single
crates, average $1 20; Cornichon. single crates.
avera.e $1 20. Pears— E. Buerre. boxea, aver
age SI 25; Nells, boxes, $1 10@l 25, average
II 18; Seckels, single crates, average $1 65; G.
Morceau, boxes, average $1 66. Four cars sold
to-day. Dry. favorable weather.
BOSTON. Oct. 26.— The Earl Fruit Compa
ny's salea of California fruit at auction were
as follows: Grapes— Cornichon, single crates,
$1 S0@2, average ?1 70; Emperors, single crates,
$1 30@2 05. average 11 68; Tokays, single crates,
&0c@$2 70. average $1 19; Tokays, double crates.
$1 90<35 85, average $2 88. Dry, favorable
weather. One car sold to-day.
NEW TORK, Oct. 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Grapes—
Cornlchons. single crates. $1 40@l 80. .aver
age $1 41; Tokays, single crates, SOc@?2 SO. av
erage n 17; Tokays, double crates. $2 70^4 20.
average S3 04. Pears— E. Buerre, boxes, $2 10®
2 23. average $2 16. Dry. favorable weather.
Seven cars sold to-day.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec- feb-
Opening '. 6 11% 6 %
Closing 5 11^ 6H
PARIS.
Wheat- Oct. Jan.-Aprll.
Opening W 75 2120
Closing 19 80 21 25
Op^nTnT • ;» «>. " f a
Closing 2* 65 27 40
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, 85; Calcutta,
Alfalfa, 9@9Hc; Rape, i%©3c; Hemp, 4®4%c;
DRIE^ PEAS— Niles, Jl 6C©2: Green. II 80©
2 20 per ctl ; Blackeye, $1 60® 1 75.
Potatoes, Onions, and Vegetables.
Onions continue to creep up. Potatoes show
r.f> further change. Vegetables stand about the
same.
POTATOES— River Beds, 75S83c; Burbanks.
30@"60c for Rivers and 90c@Jl 15 per ctl for
Salinas and «M»90c tor Oregon; Sweets, 50975c
for Rivers and SI for Merced.
ONIONS— fc@30c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60©
fOo.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. MJ6e per lb;
String Beans, 2'@4c: LJmas. 2@2MsO per lb:
Cabbage. $1; Tomatoes. Bay. 30@73c; Egg
Plant; fc^oOc per box; Green Okra, sOGOOc;
Oraen Peppers. 30©0oc per box for Chill end 43
«J5Gc for Bell; Dried Peppers. 10915c; Carrots,
25<R35c per pack: Summer Squash. SC@S5c for
Alameda; Cucumbers, 40®50c for Alameda;
Pickles, $1 50 per box for No. 1 and $1 Tor Ntt 2;
Garlic. 4@4%c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $8010
per ton.
Poultry and Game.
1 m
Five cars of Eastern Poultry have come In
thus far this week, but no more is expected
until next week. The market Is steady but
quiet.
Game Is steady at about previous prices.
Oregon Is sending down some choice stock,
which is bringing top quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, M@13c for Gob
blers and 14313c for Hens; old Turkeys, 11®
12Hc; Geese, per pair. Jl 5U©1 75; Goslin&s, II Vj
@2; Ducks. J3S4 for old and J3 5004 50 for
young; Hens. $3 60(34 60; Young Roosters. S3 E0
@4; Old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers. $3 25©3 60;
Broilers. J3®3 25 for large and " $2 50@3 for
email ; Pigeons, {1 per dozen for old and $1 75®2
for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. Jl Km M for Valley and t2Q
2 50 for Mountain: Mallard. $4®« 60; Canvas
back, J4©6; Sprig, tZtH: Teal. *3@3 50; Widgeon,
$2ig2 60; Small Duck, Jl 75@2; Gray Geese, J3;
and $2 EO for large: English Snipe, $1 25^1 50;
Jack Snipe, 75c®$l; Hare, J131 25; Rabbits.
$1 25S1 50 for cottontail and SI tor brush;
Doves, EC®C&c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is off again, aa some dealers are sell
ing at liberal concessions to clear oft their
floors. As It Is, supplies are too large.
Cheese shows no chansre.
Eggs have again advanced a point and ar«
firm, thoueh there is no snap to the market
aa the high prices restrict the demand.
BUTTKK—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 24£25c; Seconds,
22c.
Dairy — Fancy. 22%c; good to choice, 21@I2c;
common, 20c.
Creamery tub— 20<g22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— l9S21c.
Firkin— lS@19c.
Storage goods— 22>4@24e.
CHEESE— New. 11 Vic; old. 9@llc; Toung
America., lWiQlZHc; Eastern. 13VsQ14c: West
ern. 10®12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20@30c for store and I7V4©
43c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, IS 'u 23c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Everything under this head stands abent as
before. Apples are In large supply and weak,
and Peara are also plentiful and slow. Qulncea
and Pomegranates are in lighter supply.
Grapes of all descriptions are in smaller re
ceipt, but the market is dull and rather weak
than otherwise.
Lemons continue to elut the market.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 25Q"i0c per txix for common and
60{j30c for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, fiOctJJl.
PEARS— Winter Nellls, 60c@Jl; Cooking
Pears. 25® 65c per box.
QUINCES— 40S60C per box.
PERSIMMONS— 35Q.-75C per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $8 60©S 7S per
barrel; Coos Bay,- $2Q2 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J304 per chest for large
and IS 50 for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6c per pound.
RASPBERRIES- $3^6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— IOc®U. according to size
of box".
PLUMS— 23@50c per box.
GRAPES— Muscats, Tokays, Verdells. black
and other, ordinary varieties. 23@60c per small
box and 4O*j«5c per crate; Isabellas, in crates,
76c<g$l; Cornlchons, In crates, 4i>S^0c: Wine '
Grapes, J1S©22 for White, J20@24 for illaaloa
and $20'g 1 27 per ten for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 50075c per case; Canta
loupes, 60c@Jl 25 per crate; Watermelons, nomi
nal.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orange*. *3®4 60:
Lemons. 40c©|l 25 for common and Jl 50@2 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, J4g4 50;
Bananas, {1 25U2 60 per bunch; Pineapples. $1 50
63 60 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The report that the Cured Fruit Association
Intended to carry over 1000 cars of email
Prunes Into next season la denied by members
of the combine. Some of the very small sizes,
such as 120s and over, may be worked off to
the brandy distillers. Nor will there b« any
cut In prices, especially as the volume of the
crop is now discovered to be materially smaller
than expected. This ought not to be news
to anybody, for The Call pointed out three
months ago that the crop was not anywhere
near as large as many thought. It has become
the fashion to trumpet "Immense crop" every
euznmer, and it hurts the market every year
to the amount of millions of dollars. But the
same thing will probably be done next year,
and by the very persons most Interested la th»
Industry.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 2c;
4O-50s. 7c; 60-60c &Vic: 6O-70s. 3»ic: 70-S0a. 3Vic;
80-90S, 2?ic: 90-1WW. 2Uc; 100s and over. 2c; ru
bies, J .»u premium; Sonoma s. He and San Joa
qulns Uc less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand t..e same. Apricots, 6@
8c for Royals and 10®ll>4c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 4J?4He; sun-dried, 2V4®4c;
Peaches, 4%@5c for standard, £Q6o for choice
and 7®7%c for fancy; Pears. 2@7c: Plums,
pitted, 5&6%c; imputed, ISIHe; Nectarines, s®
6V>c for red and 5\i@6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. 8*ic; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice, 9^c; standard, 8%c;
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 6Hc: 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c;
3-crown. 6Hc: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. $160 per box; 3-crown, $160; Fancy
Clusters. 12; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7©8c per lb: Walnuts. No.
1 toft shell, lie: No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No. 2. 7%o; Almonda, 15©16c for paper-shell.
ll@12Hc for softshell; Peanuts. 6^.8o for East
ern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
013c: Cocoanuts, $3 50^5.
HONEY— Comb, 13%®l*Hc for bright and 1244
£fl3c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%iT8c; light amber, extracted, 7@7V4c; dark, S
@6vj.c per lb.
BEESWAX-M®26c rer lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing new to report.
CURED MEATS - Bacon. HHc per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13<4c for light.
14c for extra light and I5»4c for sugar curea;
Eastern sugar-cured hams. 12c; Mess Beef
IU 60 per bbl; extra Mess, $13 60; Family, $u :
extra Prime Pork, f 116; extra clear, $19 50; Mess
$17; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half- barrels, pure
9*e ; 10-Itf tins. lOVic; 5-lb tins. 10%c
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels, 8Hc; one tierce, 8Hc; two tlercea
K^ic; five tierces. 8Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides and Hops are active and firm. Wool
Is "stagnant and nominal. Prices for all de
scrlptlona stand the same.
HIDES AND BKINS-Cuiis and brands sell
• bout lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9Hc; medium. 8%c; light, S^c- Cow
hides. 8V5c; Stags.. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted
Veal. 9c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides 16c- culls.
13@14c; Dry Kip. 15@l6c; Dry Calf 16c' 7u Us
iir« i r 4f- St 13^ 4C 1 Sh «P^ins. Shear
llcgs. 15@2jc each; short Wool. 3C®40c each
medium. 60070c: long Wool, 75c®il each- Hni
?1 lor small and 60c for colts* Hors* unJ.'
dry, *1 50 for large, Jl 25 for mediunl n far
small and 25©60o for colts. DeenTkln^-m,™.
or red skins. 35c; fall or medlSm tkins Ste'
winter or thin skins. 17H©20c. Goatskin^
2.^3^Tr e^e sr- <o4Hc rj*? Na
xS^feia-Mfe U h^n bl d.^tfvl l0 r2¥
€pfS^^^°^- 8
San Francisco Meat Market.
Receipts of Hogs have be*en lighter this
i o ?£i7?*** hC for Steers and «**%« ™eV lb
pound ether "' '® 7%c - ewe ». «H©7c per
LAMB— 8©S%c per lb '
General Merchandise.
FOR FRtDAT, OCTOBER 28.
Flour, c.r sks .... 21,166:8ugar % bbls 1ST
Wheat, ctls 1. 840: Eggs, Tfloz M,:oo
Barley, ctls «,310,Hldes. No 619
Oats. ctl3 K0*Llme, bbls 1S3
Tallow, ctl* 252: Leather, rolls ... S«
Butter, boxes.... 223 : Wine, gala 43.950
Cheese, boxes.... 41 [Brandy, gals .... SJOO
Beans, sks 4.535 Raisins, bo:;es... 4.75^
Potatoes. Sks ... 3,501 Quicksilver, flks. 13
Onions, sks SOOjPelts. bdls 635
Bran, ska 1.70O Wool, bales 73
Middlings, sks .. 620 Hops, bales 100
Sugar, sks 3.440 Hay. bales 409
Receipts of Produce.
Grain Bags, June and July. 6U0«Hc: Wool
Bags. ISWtfMHc; Fleece Twine, 7Vjc: Fruit
Bags. «m&-S?ic for white and 8V4@S%c for
bleached jute. . s •
COAL— Wellington. J3 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. J9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. J7; Coos
Bay. 13 50; Wallsend. J3; Co-operative Wall
send. $3; Cumberland. {12 In bulk and J12 33 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Es<, Jl*; Can
ncl, $12 per ton; Coke. $15 per ten in bulk and
(IS in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$3 43 per 3000 lbs and J3 50 per ton. according to
brand.
Harrison's circular says:
"Duringf the week there have been threw ar
i rivals of coal from British Columbia with 9121
tons; three from Washington, 10,600 tons: two
from Swansea. 6757 tons; five from Australia.
16.4S2 tons; total. 45,415 tons. The generous
deliveries this week will enable the Jobbers
to place some coal in yard, which they have
not been enabled to do for several months past,
as !t has been taken direct from ship's sitle
Immediately on arrival here to consumers.
There have been five cargoes from Australia
thl"j week, whereas none may arrive next week;
all of these now here were placed long since at
prices which cannot now be duplicated. Pres
ent cost of coal and ruling freight rates make
the delivery price here higher than any eon
, Burner la willing to pay. "Washington and
British Columbia collieries are In a position
to Increase their output, so as to meet all
probable requirements locally, provided carriers
shall be obtainable; and th« present outlook
is rather favorable for the Government to re
linquish a number of their steamer transports
this winter.
By estimates carefully made at the local oil
exchange, the amount of crude fuel oil which
will be extracted from wells In California.
durlnjr lDoo. will reach 4.600,000 barrels: of thi3.
2.400. C00 barrels will be produced north of
Tehachapi. and 2.200.0CO barrels south of Te
hachapf. When it la figured that the abovo
amount of oil means the displacement of over
930.000 tons of coal for steam uses. Jt will causa
colliery owners to do considerable solid flg
urlcff.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Retain* Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.65c: Powdered. «.2sc: Candy Gran
ulated. «.25c Dry Granulated. «.15c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.15c; Magnolia A. 5.73c; Extra C
6.65c; Golden C. 5.55c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, Kc more; bcxes. 50o more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or lt« equivalent. Domino*, half-bar
rel*, «.90c ; boxes. 7.15c per IS.
dairies. 131818c. Cheese, dull ; 10K@lltf c Eggs,
quiet; fresh. ;17%c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Canadian failures for the week number 31,
against 22 last week, 21 In this week a year
ago and 23 In 1S98.
In eplte of this It Is claimed that 12.000 tons of
bituminous coal have been sold for export to
Mediterranean ports.
Wheat. Including; flour, shipments for the
Meek aggregate 4,932,978 bushels, against 3,796.
648 last week. > 4,416,495 In the corresponding
week of 1S93 and 6.660.991 In 1S9S.
¦From JulyU to date this season wheat ex
perts are GO.244,143 ' bushels, against 6o.3S1.542
last season and 62.789,107 in 1S9S-1S99.
Business failures for the week In the United
States number 181, as against 223 last week, 211
In this week a year ago 219 In 1638, 218 In 1S97
and 246 In 1896.
Dun's Revieiv of Trade.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 2«.— To-day* «. state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $160. 000.000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance. J133.375.933; gold. J88.725.905.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Arwcie*-* i/pen« ¦ mgu* x^w, utuoc.
October 72% 72% .71% 71%
November.... 72% 72% 71% 71%
December 73% 73% 72«4 72%
Corn No. 2 —
October 88 38 .87 87
November 87 37 36>4 86H
December 25 85% 34% 35
Hay 36% 86% .36 86
Oats Xo. 2—
October "... .... 21%
lovember .......... 21% 21%. 21« 21H
December 22 22 21% 21%
Ua/ 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mese Dork, per barrrt—
October .... .... 15 00
November ••»• " •••• ......10 70
fanuary 11 22W 1125 1110 1110
Lard, per 100 pound*— _ ; -
October .... .."7 00
November 6 95 6 97^ 6 15 6 95
fanuary 6 67% 6 67% 6 60 6 62%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds—
>ctober .¦ .... .... .... 6 75
November 8 15 6 15 6 10 6 10
fanuary B 97% 5 97% E 90 5 92%
Articles — ... Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ................. 19.000 2,000
Wheat, bushels ......."...; 195,000 23.000
Zorn,: bushels ...310,000 86 000
Dats, bushels 172,000 165.000
Ftye. bushels ...r. 11.000 " 3.000
Barley, bushels ..j123.000 9.000
Arwcie*-* i/pen« ¦ mgu* x^w, utuoc.
October 72% 72% .71% 71%
November.... 72% 72% 71% 71%
December 73% 73% 72«4 72%
Corn No. 2 —
October 88 38 .87 87
November 87 37 36>4 86H
December 25 85% 34% 35
Hay 36% 86% .36 86
Oats Xo. 2—
October "... .... 21%
lovember .......... 21% 21%. 21« 21H
December 22 22 21% 21%
Ua/ 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mese Dork, per barrrt—
October .... .... 15 00
November ••»• " •••• ......10 70
fanuary 11 22W 1125 1110 1110
Lard, per 100 pound*— _ ; -
October .... .."7 00
November 6 95 6 97^ 6 15 6 95
fanuary 6 67% 6 67% 6 60 6 62%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds—
>ctober .¦ .... .... .... 6 75
November 8 15 6 15 6 10 6 10
fanuary B 97% 5 97% E 90 5 92%
Articles — ... Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ................. 19.000 2,000
Wheat, bushels ......."...; 195,000 23.000
Zorn,: bushels ...310,000 86 000
Dats, bushels 172,000 165.000
Ftye. bushels ...r. 11.000 " 3.000
Barley, bushels ..j123.000 9.000BERKELEY, Oct. 26.— The univer
sity rooters have formally accept
ed John California Butler, the
tiny mascot of the university *
„ of California football team, who
was christened at the big football rally on
the university campus last night and who
Is expected to lead the blue and gold team
to victory on Thanksgiving day next. The
rooters have funk their faith In "Locomo
tive" Smith and transferred them to John
California Butler. If John California But
ler can't win that game the Berkeley root
ers feel that they will have to go out of
business.
John California Butler la the Infant son
of J. W; S. Butler, and It was this little
follow who* was christened on the univer
sity campus last night. Little John al
ready possessed one name, a name that
was not at all football like, and his fond
parents decided that one name was not
quite enough for so smart and sturdy a
youngster. The selection of a middle name
bothered them not a little, and at last
Mr. Butler decided that the question of' a
middle name should be left to the rooters
who were to gather last night on the
campus for the purpose of cheering the
freshman team on to victory.
Now, Mr. JJutier is a University of Cali
fornia man clear through. He Is a mem
ber of tha senior class and will graduate
next vear. He is the business manager of
the Daily Callfornian. He is an ardent
football enthusiast, and when he took lit
tle John Butler out upon the campus last
night and asked for suggestions for a mid
dle name it did not take long for the as
sembled enthusiasts to select "California."
It was the most natural thing to do under
the circumstances, for to name the little
fellow after his papa's State, his papa's
college, his papas paper and his papa's
football team.
The assembled rooters thought that the
idea was "Just bully." and the assembled
professors thought that it was "quite ap
propriate," «ind the assembled co-eds
thought that he was "just too sweet for
anything." and the townspeople said,
"He's all right: only why didn't you name
him Berkeley?"
So the name was bestowed in the even-
Ing with the great bonfire flickering and
flaring and throwing wierd shadows about,
and the university band playing and the
rooters shouting "California" at the top
of their copper riveted lungs. It is safe
to say that the christening of little John
California Butler w#s absolutely unique.
JOHN CALIFORNIA BUTLER, WHO WAS CHRISTENED BY THE BERKE
LEY ROOTERS ON THE COLLEGE CAMPUS AND FORMALLY ADOPT
ED AS THE MASCOT OF THE UNIVERSITY TEAM.
OAKLAND. Oct. - 26.— Mary E. Deerlng
has .: commenced suit . for divorce against
Frank C. Deerlng, alleging extreme cruel
ty. Deerlng " has been arrested ¦ for In
sanity.
Default Judgment has been taken
against Myra Fry. for not answering her
husband's - suit - for . divorce ¦ against her.
The matter has been referred to the Court
Commissioner for settlement.
Suits for Divorce.
LONDON. Oct. 26.— The Scotch steel
makers, ,- owing to the .importation of
American steel plates, have reduced their
prices five shillings; : making fifteen shil
lings reduction : In a fortnight These re
ductions," it Is thought, will: fully meet
the American competition.'
RAYMOND. Oct. 25.— Fire broke out at
Knowles' quarry this afternoon, destroy
ing a large and well furnished'hotel.ca
pable of accommodating 150 employes.
The estimated loss Is $15.000.
Price of Steel Reduced:
Knowles Quarry.
Fifteen Thousand Dollar Blaze at
BAYMOND HOTEL BTTBNED.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— The Journal to
morrow will "say: While the officials of
the New York Yacht Club still observe
the utmost secrecy regarding the new cup
defender, it can be stated on the best au
thority that the boat has been ordered
and will be built by the Herreshoffsi, and
that over a week ago more than a hun
dred thousand dollars had been subscribed
for construction.
a Sufficient Sum Has Been
Subscribed for Construction.
Utmost Secrecy Being Observed, but
HEBBESHOFFS WILL
BUILD THE NEW YACHT
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Mrs. Frank Free
man, wife of the Democratic aspirant for
Congressional honors from the Third dis
trict, is critically ill at her residence, 560
Thirty-second street. Her condition was
such last night that her husband had- to
be called from his speechmaklng at Liver
more to his wife's bedside. She has been
slowly sinking despite all that Doctors
Adams and - Wakefleld can do for her.
• The home of the Freemans is In Wil
lows, Colusa County, but because of Mrs.
Freeman's ill health the family has been
compelled to make Its home In Oakland,
where the best medical attendance can be
secured. The children have been attend
ing school In Oakland.- Mr. Freeman may
be compelled to find It necessary to give
up campaigning.
Despite Medical Aid.
Congress Is Slowly Sinking
MBS. FBANK-FBEEMAN'S
CONDITION IS CBITICAL
Wife of the Democratic Candidate for
HAVANA. Oct. 26.— Captain Page, of
the Porto Rico Infantry, died of yellow
fever to-day in Las Animas Hospital. Ho
came to Cuba with Major General Wade's
evacuation commission and was ft linguist
of note, - — -^— -. -jyc %a-*£L^ L^
Captain Page.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 26.— Mrs. Concepcion
Don. widow of Celestln S. Don and young
est daughter of the late Ramon Arxuello.
one of the wealthy pioneers of Santa
Clara, died to-day, aged 2S years.
Mrs. Concepcion Don.
DIXON, Oct. 26.— The funeral of Paul
Snyder,. a pioneer of California, was held
here to-day from St, Peter's Church. Mr.
Snyder was an ' influential citizen of this
place. His wife died four years ago.
Since then his health gradually declined
and on Wednesday ( he passed away. His
family is well known all over the State.
He leaves four daughters— Mrs. Charles
Miller of Dlxon. Mrs. Ed E. Leaks of
Woodland, Mrs. Kate McFadgen of Au
burn and Mrs. James Rochf ord of San
Francisco. I>r. Charles Miller ¦ of San
Francisco was his grandson. Th© funeral
was one of the largest ever held in Solano
County. •¦
Paul Snyder.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
SEATTLE, Oct 21— Advices Just re
ceived from Dawson give news of a bis
strike which has been made- on Goring 1
Creek, sixteen miles above the mouth of.
Hunker Creek. The best pay is 14 cents
to the pan. The whole creek 13 staked.
A storm on I<ake Lebarge three week*
ago is said to have wrecked twenty scows
en route to Dawson, laden with hay, feed
and merchandise. The loss will reach J3000.
¦with no insurance.
The body of Martin Stone, mate of the
steamer Slf ton, who was drowned • in
Thirty-mile River on October 6. has beer*
Alexander Noble, son of the Lighthouse
Inspector of the province of Ontario, died
In Dawson on October 11 of inflammation
of the bowels, after an illness of. four
days. - a ¦
PBINCE OF WAIVES VISITED
THE PARTS EXPOSITION
PARIS. Oct. 28.— Le Courier flu Soir
says it understands that the Prince and
Princess of "Wales visited the exposition
here last June, but that on account of tha
expressed desire of the Princa their stay
was kept an absolute secret.
Meet Disaster.
Twenty Scows En Route to Dawson
STORM ON LAKE LEBABGE.
Miss Van Allen says she remembers
leaving the pin on the dressing table.
The police were notified and detectives
are working on the case.
A bold theft of a $250 diamond pin Is al
leged to have been committed at the Russ
Hotel Thursday afternoon. Professor M.
Van Allen 'and sister arrived in the city
last Saturday from Seattle and took
apartments at the Russ. Thursday after
noon Miss Van Allen sent after a hair
dresser and the latter spent an hour
dressing Miss Van Allen's hair.
Fifteen minutes after the hairdresser's
departure Miss Van Allen missed a hand
some diamond pin which she values at
$250. It was thought at first that the pin
might have been mislaid, but a diligent
search failed to reveal any trace of it.
Been Committed in Buss House
Puzzling: Police.
COSTLY DIAMOND STOLEN
FROM HOTEL CHAMBER
Mysterious Bobbery Alleged to Have
ANOTHER GOOD DAY FOR
AMERICAN TURFMEN
LONDON. Oct 26.— At th© last day of
the Newmarket Houghton meeting: to-day
the representatives of the American turf
here had another good day. Mr. "Whit
ney's Spectrum, ridden by Maher, took tha
Old Cambridgeshire handicap of 500 aov
ereigns. A. Bailey's Mount Perfect, with
I* Relff up, ran second and Aquaaiculum,
third. The Houghton stakes waa won
by the Prince of Wales' Lord Quex. P.
Lorlllard's Hamilcar ran third, with,
Maher In the saddle. > • " V_-
Tod Sloan had the mount on J. S.
Curtis' Drebey, which finished first in tha
race for the selling welter all aged stakes.
The Flying handicap plate was won by
London, ridden by Maher. Mr. Whltney'a
Klckey Wickaey, piloted by J. Reiff. ran
second.
A free handicap was captured by Brit
annia, on which J. Martin had the mount.
Lord Elsemere's Encombe. ridden by
Sloan, won the Criterion Nursery handi
cap.
Frank Lacey, Wounded, Makes I«ong
Journey Before Obtaining Med
ical Treatment.
Frank Lacey, a porter employed by the
Hastings clothing concern and residing at
1439 Buchanan street, was treated last
night at the Receiving Hospital for a
knife wound in the left lumbar region.
Just how Lacey got his wound he will not
tell. According to his story he was In a
grocery store at the corner of Green and
Kearny streets, when some one jostled
him in the back. The next thlng'he knew
he was out near his home, bleeding pro
fusely,, and two friends who met him
brought him in from O'Farrell and Buch
anan streets.
Lacey lived for a number of years on
Telegraph Hill, near where the assault Is
alleged to have occurred. If Lacey was
mixed up in a. row he declined to speak
about it, and apparently was unwilling to
tell how he reached O'Farrell and Buchan
an streets from the place where he claims
he was stabbed. Lacey's wound is not se
rious,, although he is weak from loss of
blood.
STABBED IN THE BACK,
BUT HE KNOWS NOT HOW
_ — ? .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 26.
The Republicans of Alameda County are
going to close the campaign with several
large meetings. There will be big meet
ings in Berkeley and Haywards to-mor
row night. Both towns are making great
preparations for the events.
The Berkeley demonstration is under the
auspices of the Berkeley Republican Club,
which has done much good work in this
campaign. Judge H. C. Barrow, president
of the club, will call the meeting to order,
and John W. Richards, formerly president
of the City Trustees, will be the chairman
of the evening.
The Republicans of Berkeley have se
cured two brilliant speakers for the rally.
They will be Frederick W. Holls, one of
the delegates to the International Peace
Conference at The Hague last year, and
the other, Judge W. A. Harris of Los An
geles.
The Il3t of vice presidents Includes the
best residents of Berkeley and was an
nounced this morning. There will be bon
fires, fireworks and a celebration that will
rival the students' football rallies. The
addresses will be made at the'opera
bouse.
The Republicans of Haywards will also
hold a grand demonstration to-morrow
evening in honor of Congressman "Victor
H. Metcalf, who will make his first ad
dress In that city since the primaries. The
primary fight at Haywards was very
close, but the Haywards Republicans are
all loyal and they are now anxious to
show that they are heartily supporting
the ticket and the administration.
This will be a club meeting under the
auspices i of the Haywards McKinley and
Roosevelt Club, of which G. S. Langan Is
the president and George Oakes is the
vice' president. The committee that has
the arrangements for the meeting In
charge is composed of H. E. Brunner, E.
K.- Strobrldge. W.% J. Ramage and
John McCoy. There will be fireworks and
music and speeches by Victor H. Metcalf,
candidate for. Congress, John' G. Mattos
Jr., candidate for the Assembly, John
Ellsworth and F. B. Ogden. candidates for
Superior Judges, and Frank McGowan.
The following list of vice presidents has
been announced, the list embracing tho
best names In the famed Haywards dis
trict: r '*:
R. Hlckmott. William Roberts, H. E. Brun
ner, Oeorge A. > Oakes, J. H. Strobtidge. C.
Wlnton. D. S. Smalley, M. C. Petersen, F. I.
'Lemoa. I. B. Parsons, P. H. Hoare, A. Ca
vassa. Jacob Harder. Henry : Gansberger. H.
W Meek, E. O. Webb, E. K. Strobrldgre, O. R.
Morgan, John W. McCoy, Charles Prowse, John
Schwartz. P. Wilbert, J. T. Machado, George
CJrar Dr. H. Vowell, A. Ramage, Peter J.
Crosby, W. E. Meek, C. C. Kennedy, M. M.
Lemps, William Lawrence. D. Chisholm. W. J.
Ramage, A. L. Oraham; Vincent Strobel. Carl
Neuack, A. W. Schafer, F. . C. Wlnton, Dr. B.
F. ' Simmons. C. B. Harmon, Dr. A. J. Powell,
Alonzo Bradford, George C. Petermann. H. F.
Schleuter. Henry KRgert, R." Reid, J. B. Rose.
Dr. ' G." E." Reynolds, C. F. Thomas, William
Zambresky. Carl Mohr. A. Harrington, F. F.
Allen. George Grlndell, J. G. Hoy t. : James H.
Gray. >L. B. Chandler, Dr. F. W. Brcwnlnc.
J J. McDonnell. J. J. Booth, Robert Koine, J.
A Collins, Captain R. Barron. E. H. Clawlter,
H. Melninger. J. J. Rose. J. H. Farrell. J. D.
Smalley, A. E. Fischer. T. H. Thorndlke. Carl
Prtersen, Charles Plmentel. M. Gamble, James
O'NeJll. L..: G. Caten. George C. Baxter. Dr.
M. D. Allen, Oscar Walpert, A. Amaral, Victor
Layrave, • Joseph ; Gomes, T. H. - Martin, H. B.'
Marlln, H. *• P. Jessen, William Dale. Charles
Allen. Antone • Gomes. Frank Mitchell, ¦ John
Sllva, J. D. Oltvelra, Je«*e Kllva." Antone Bet
tencourt. Joi-eph Kelly, Harry Thorup, J. D.
Martin, H. Momsen. • S. Ransom, W. W. Ash
ford. A. Tamalter, ¦¦.William Jamison. Joseph
Goodell. E.". N. Warren. . E. F. Champney, H.
Ci. Alberto. F. Dennis, Frank Liebe. N. C.
Nielsen.* C. Lawrence. - Frank Rose, F. Zam
bresky." C. C. Van Eaton, 1 H. W. Klee. M.
Rejcas. J. Rodgera, George Schilling. F. C.
Batchelder. ¦-¦-¦,
Big Meetings to ,Be Held in
Each of These Cities
'"*>' To-Night.
BERKELEY VIES
WITH HAYWARDS
BOLD DAYLIGHT BOBBERY
COMMITTED BY CHINESE
Ping On Attacks a Woman in a
Souse and Is Chased and
Captured.
Ping On, a Chinese highbinder, commit
ted, a daring daylight robbery yesterday
morningr- He entered the house 20Vi Ross
alley about 11 o'clock and attacked Ah
Hoe, a woman, striking her on the face
and knocking her down. He then kicked
her, with the intention of rendering her
unconscious. Just as he tore one of her
earrings out of her ear he was observed"
and an alarm was given by the blowing of
a police whistle.
Ping Immediately ran away, dropping
the earring, and Policeman M. T. Cooney
of the Chinatown squad, who heard the
whistle, started in pursuit. After a hot
chase through several alleys Cooney over
took Ping and soon had the handcuffs on
him. He was taken back to the house and
the woman identified him as her assail
ant. A charge of assault to rob was
booked against him at the City, Prison,
but It will be. changed In court to-d,ay to
robbery.
The road-racing committee of tho Cali
fornia Associated Cyclists decided yester
day to reopen the entry list for the big
ten-mile event, to be held next Sunday on
the Haywards course, and revise the
handicaps. This has been dona and tha
result is as follows:
3:15— W. Moore. G. C. W.; E. Clifton. O. C.
V." • F. Lee, B. C. MV. ; H. Spellman Jr.. B.
C "W
3:00-E. Etlenne. O. C. "W\; J. P. Simmon*.
O. C. \V.; O. F. Wlnterstein, O. C. Wj H.
C. Venaano. O. C. W.: P. Murray. B. C. w.
2:4S-G. L. Anthony. O. C. W.; N. Bore«v O.
C. AW; G. H. Williams. B. C. W.; R. F. Zor
now. B. C. W.
3:3i>-H. Tost. O. C. W.; R. Main. O. a W.;
F. Carroll. O. C. W. .-^ ¦•-
2:00—0. E. Kroetz. O. C. "W.: R. A. Header
son O. C. W. ; C. ReuMr, unattached; C. L.
B ™3flilf'WeinancI. B. C. W.; F. TVert. B. C.
W.; J. Hobson. O. C. W.; C. Long, O. C. W.;
J. Young, Reliance. '¦ -: ¦"_ -
• 1-15— C E. Qodman. unattached: H. L. New
son, unattached; J. E. Bolder, O. C. W.
1-00 — A. T. Smith, unattached; E. Argraz. O.
C. TV.; I. R. Und. B. C. W.
30 seconds— L. Downing, O. C W.: E. A.
Rusac. B. C W.: J. Pouch. C. C. W.
Scratch— W. J. Davidson. B. C. W.; J.
Hlrsch. C. C. W.; A. McDonald. O. C. W-: E.
B. AVastle. G. C. W.; H. Noyes. C. C. W.
The race will start from Fruitvale at 10
a m., and the racers and officials will all
go over on the 8:30 a. m. broad gauge boat.
A splendid prize list has been secured for
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a big
smoker this evening at their clubhouse,
441 Golden Gate avenue, in celebration of
their sixteenth anniversary. O^ er 300 Invi
tations have been Issued and a splendid
programme has been arranged by Messrs.
Stangenberger, Boeckmann, O'Callaghan
and others of the entertainment commit
tee. President Frank W. Smith will pre
elde at the Jinks.
Howard B. Freeman, the crack racins
man. was in the city during the week re
newing old acquaintances. Freeman,
Downing and Stevens returned from tha
East about a fortnight ago and have been
sojourning at San Jose since. They will
probably go to Los Angeles shortly to at
tend the opening of the Velodrome track
there. , ' «.
Eddie O. Kragnesa has received won?
from Henry E. Dicker, chairman of the
road records committee of the century
Road Club of America, that the twenty
mile standard road record 13 47:40, rnada
by P. R. Goodwin at Philadelphia on Oc
tober 22, 1S99. Kragness covered the same
distance in 47:28 at San Leandro on Sep
tember 30 of this year.
READY FOR TEN-MILE
HANDICAP ROAD RflCE
1118 Broadway. Oct. 2S,
Edmund Rivers shot Pete Farrell. hia
brother-in-law, to-night, and la now un
der arrest in the City Prison. Farrell has
a charge of buckshot in his leg. but will
not die.
Farrell has an unsavory reputation-
He married the widow of Nate Uoilen
beck,- tho man who was killed by Quong
Mow, a Chinaman, some years ago at
Temcscal while he was stealing corn from
the Chinaman.
Mrs. Hollenbeck Is a sister of Rivers.
Farrell has been quarrellne with his wifs
and -abusing her a great deal lately and
she left him a few days ago. Her broth
ers. Edmund and Edwin Rivers went to
the house. 1316 KIrkham street, to-night
and began to move out the furniture that
belonged to their sister. There was a
quarrel between Farrell and tho Rivera
boys.
Farrell drew a knife on Edwin, who dis
armed him. He then assaulted Edmund
Rivers, who retreated out of tho house
to a wagon In front, and taking a shot
gun out warned Farrell not to advance.
Farrell did not obey and Rivers shot htm
in the legs. The wound is very serious.
Policeman Cockerton was on the spot
and placed Rivers under arrest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Advances \o Assault Him. and Re
fuses to Heed Warning to Keep
Away From Intended
Victim. .:
Pete Farrell Is Seriously
Wounded by His Brother
. in-Law.
SHOOTS SISTER'S
HUSBAND IN LEG
Judge Smith held the girl for trial in
$1000 ball. The Barnetts refused to prose
cute her.
These facts were brought out during the
young- domestic's preliminary examination
to-day in the Police Court. She had made
a complete confession to the detectives
affer her arrest for stealing Jewels and
money from E, Bamett, her . employer.
While the police had been searching her
room for the hidden Barnett valuables a
couple of gold stick pins, a portion of the
stuff stolen from the Gilbert residence,
next door, were found. With that clew the
police securad another confession from
the girl. She admitted that on Septem
ber 8, while the family was away, file had
entered the Gilbert residence and carried
off a lot of valuable jewelry and wearing
apparel. All of the property was subse
quently found In her room except the sil
verware. Miss Gardiner was finally In
duced to explain that she had given this
to a sister as a wedding present.
There was no objection to that course.
Miss Gardiner's extraordinary action has
quite prostrated the distressed relatives.
To the astonishment and disturbance of
the young bride, detectives with a search
warrant swooped down upon these tokens
of a sister's affection and returned them
to the Gilberts as soon as they had traced
the goods.
Miss Luella Gardiner, the pretty young
domestic who turned burglar, was very
deliberate in the use to whlch*she put
some of her plunder from the residence of
Louis H. Gilbert, at 411 Telegraph avenue.
Until she confessed to the crime a lot of
valuable silverware the jjlrt gathered In
adorned the home of a sister, to whom
Miss Gardiner presented the stolen ware
as a wedding present.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 26.
Luella Gardiner Discloses to Police
Whereabouts of a Lot of Valu
ables She Gathered From
Gilbert Residence.
Girl Burglar Gives a Sister
an Outfit of Stolen
Silverware.
MAKES WEDDING
GIFT OF PLUNDER
Thirty-Third District Bally.
The members of the Thirty-third Dis
trict Republican Club held a xnass
raeeting and rally last evening at
Masonic Hall, Fourteenth street and
Railroad avenue. The hall was packed
to the doors -with a most enthusi
astic audience. During the evening
speeches were made by Congressman
Julius Kahn. former Judge Murphy. and
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan. Julius
Kahn wa* the first speaker. He drew the
attention of the audience to the prosper
ity this city is now enjoying compared
with the year 1896. He reminded them
of the hard task it was then for a me
chanic to secure work, and how numbers,
not being able to secure other employ
ment, went to work on the boulevard that
was being constructed and gladly - toiled
for $1 a. dar. At the close of hi* speech
he wm warmly applauded.
The investigation Into the affairs of tho
Spring Valley Water Company came to
an unexpected standstill last night by. the
failure of the Board of Supervisors to se
cure a quorum. Only : eight members of
the board were sufficiently Interested to
attend the meeting, which had been an
nounced, and although representatives of
the Spring Valley Water- Company were
present with the documents demanded of
them, nothing could be done. An informal
discussion of devising some means to pun
ish the absent Supervisors took place and
the meeting: adjourned. On next Monday
the date of the next Inquiry will be an
nounced. h£K0W4s&389MBRBBBb&1
Water Inquiry Postponed.
. ; SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26,' 1900.
W. 8. Leake Esq., editor San Francisco Call,' San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir: In the
issue of your paper of the 25th : lnst., you cliarge " me with : being controlled by Kelly
and Crlmmln», and if : elected ; would be Vubetrvlent to their wishes. .
I was born, brought up and educated In- the district:: I " : hope . to . In the
Legislature, and have always been' a Republican." My.' life ; is an open book. • I have
never affiliated with 'any boss, -but on • the contrary have r> labored -constantly to elim
inate this obnoxious Influence from'our midst. /Boss rule not only degrades citizenship
but destroys manhood and strikes v at the very foundation of a community's ;' well
being. ...
I desire to repudiate not only Kelly and Crlmmlns. but does rule in any form, or
by any: person or ccraons. '~ v^SSmp^BHK .= . I - -
V If I am elected to ; the Legislature, I will »o there free and ' untrammeled, , guided
oiiljr by my ' conscienoe and ; the . welfare ; of ; the , people ; I represent. - -Very, truly ¦ yours,'
' - . "WILLIAM J. GUILFOYLE, ¦• _¦¦?'¦
Reoubllcan Candidate for the Assembly, Thirty-sixth District.'
It gratifies The Call to be able to publish over the signature of William J.
Guilfoyle, Republican candidate: for the Assembly. Thirty-sixth district, a
plain statement' that he desires to repudiate r not \ only ; Kelly and Crlmmlns,
but boss rule In any form. . Mr. Gullfoyle's. communication Is not only manly,
but it; is sensible, for it must be obviousUb; Intelligent candidates that the
citizens of San Francisco have resolved to repudiate and cast out the bosses.'
Here Is Mr. Gullfoyle's open repudiation of Kelly and Crlmmlns: '
Republican" Nominee in Thirty-Sixth' Distract
- Disavows the Rule of the Bosses.
QUILFOYLE REPUDIATES
KELLY AND CRIMMIN5
The Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children wishes to warn the
public that an impostor' giving his name
as Henry Rush and his residence as 324
Minna street is preying on the charitable
people of this city and 6hould be refused
*Jd. Rush called on Mrs. Paul Letoid of
f'3S G«ary street and told a pitiable story.
He Informed her that he had Just come
cut of the hospital and his four children
were in destitute circumstances. Mrs.
Letoid was suspicious of him and reported
the matter to the society. She informed
Secretary White that she was willing to
aid Rush If his was a worthy case, but
p.rked that an investigation be made.
Officer McMurray visited the address and
learned that Rush did not lire there. Th«
police have been notified and will try to
apprehend him. %
An Impostor Working.
Rabbi Levy of the Geary-street Temple
received a telegram last evening from P.
E. Newman of Hanford, Cal., asking for
information that would lead to the Iden
tification of the body of a Jewish boy,
thought to have come from this city, who
was killed by the cars at Hanford yester
day afternoon. Up to a late hour last
evening the Rabbi had been unsuccessful
In his endeavor to find out something
about the lad. The telegram read as fol
lows:
"Jewish boy killed on railroad. Express
receipt found on body for box of clothing,
addressed to Joe Katzen, Buffalo, N. Y.;
pent by Joe Katzen from San Francisco,
Shoes on . him looked like Government
shoes. Perhaps he was in the army. Is
he known In San Francisco? Please find
out and answer by telegraph. Body will
be kept until Sunday."
SUPPOSED SAN FRANCISCO
BOY KILLED BY THE CARS
FIRE ORDINANCE IS
ATTACKED BY JAPANESE
He Asks the United States Circuit
Court to Interfere in His
Behalf.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow Is
sued a writ of habeas corpus yesterday
upon the application of George Tsukamo.
to, a subject of the Mikado. Taukamoto
was convicted in the Police Court of mis
demeanor for maintaining a steam boiler
in his laundry at the junction of San Jose
avenue and Twenty-third street without
a permit from the Board of Supervisors
and was sentenced to twenty days' impris
onment In the County Jail in default of
the payment of KQ fine.
Tsukamoto alleges that the Supervisors
Those members of Islam Temple of the
Ancient Arabic Order of Mystic Shrlners
who did not go to Honolulu on the Zeal
8ndia have arranged to give a. rousing
welcome to the returning members and
the ladies who accompanied them. They
are expected some time between the 1st
and 5th of November and tHe committee
on reception, consisting of Frank. W.
Marston. C. S. Benedict, Thomas L. Hen
derson, George W. \Y T lttmarf and Hiram
T. Graves, has secured the steamer Caro
line, which will steam out to the Golden
Gate and escort the Zealandla with the
Shrlners to the place of disembarkation.
The fact that the incoming steamer has
been sighted will be made known by the
raising of a flag on the top of The Call
building. That will give all wh« want to
go on the Caroline two hours' time to
reach the boat. The blowing of ctcam
whistles will give notice that the flag has
been raised.
Those Who Remained at Home Will
Extend the Glad Hand to the
Pilgrims.
TO WELCOME THE SHRlNERS
HOME FROM HONOLULU
CITY'S OBLIGATION TO
REPAIR THE SIDEWALKS
Property-Owners Learn They Are Not
Liable for Those Accepted
Before 1871.
The article published in yesterday's
Call calling attention to the fact that the
city has evaded payments for, keeping the
'sidewalks in repair on streets accepted
before October, 1871, caused considerable
inquiry yesterday in the Bureau of
Streets. Chief Deputy Donovan was vis
ited by a number of property owners
whose sidewalks are in need of repair
and who desired the city to do the Work.
Donovan admitted that the expense should
not be borne by the owners, but as no
funds are available and the owners would
be put to long and vexatious delays, they
decided to make the repairs on their own
account. While it is certain that a judg
ment could be obtained against the city
they realize that the expense of litigation
would not warrant them In going to court.
Lawlor Campaign Club.
The Judge Lawlor Campaign Club was
organized last evening at Pythian Castle,
with about 300 members. Judge J..F. Sul
livan was elected president, Livingston
Jenks vice president and Louis Rosenthal
secretary. The club will make an active
campaign in Judge Lawlor's behalf. Per
manent headquarters have been estab
lished at Pythian Castle, 909 Market
street.
Mamie Mitchell, a young colored girl,
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of vagrancy. She was ar
rested early yesterday morning on Pacific
street by Policeman Skain. She denied
that Fhe was a vagrant and said she ¦was
a buck and wing dancer in Samuel King's
saloon on Pacific street. Not only that,
but Fhe paid she had secured an engage
ment as soubrette in a local theater. She
offered to satisfy the Judge In court as to
her ability as a buck and wing dancer,
but the Judge said he would forego the
pleasure. He reserved his decision till
to-day. ¦¦• ¦"-
George McDonald was sentenced to
twenty days in the County Jail by Judge
Cabanifs yesterday for stealing a bag of
potatoes from the Jackson-etreet wharf.
\Vhen searched a switch kev was found
in his pocket, and Sergeant Ellis is mak
ing an investigation to ascertain if he is
the man who has been tampering with
switches en the railroad at Fresno.
The case of William Percy Fox, charged
with disturbing the peace by breaking
windows in the house at 643 Jessie street,
where his wife was keeping house for
Frank Johnson, was called before Judjre
Mogan yesterday. After hearing the tes
timony the Judge ordered Johnson Into
custody on a charge of u?ing vulgar lan
guage, and Mrs. Margaret Fox. wife of
the defendant, on a charge of vagrancy.
The case against Fox was continued and
he swore to complaints charging Johnson
and Mrs. Fox with disturbing the peace,
and the warrants were nerved upon them
in prison.
Warrants were sworn out In Judge Con
lan's court yesterday by Detective Ed
Gibson for the arrest of eight of the
hijrh binders who committed the robbery
in the Globe Hotel. Jackson street, Thurs
day morning. The police are more than
ever inclined to the belief that the whole
affair was a Job.
Julius- Thuntton. the boy who stole to
pet monev for playing poker, was sen
tenced to three months in the County Jail
on each of two charges of petty larceny
by Judge Conlan yesterday. James Bran
r.an got three months on one charge, and
Ernest Damon was ordered sent back to
the Whittler Reform School, from which
h#» escaped. .
Frank Moore, a member of the army
hOFpital corps .at Angel Island, was be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday for disturb
ing the peace and will be sentenced to
° Attorney H. J. Custer. 927 Market street.
Fwore to a complaint in Judge Cabaniss*
court yesterday for the arrest of P. F.
Street, a teacher of shorthand and type
writing, on the charge of disturbing the
peace. A fdri employed in Custer"s office
owes Street $8 for lessons, and he has
been Cunning Custer for the money.
Dancer and Not a Vagrant.
Mamie Mitchell Declares She Is m
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COURT.
The Nationals, Companies C and G of
the First Regiment, N. G. C. celebrated
their forty-fifth anniversary last evening
by a grand ball In the Ellis-street armory.
The main hall was artistically decorated
with bunting, evergreens and groups of
American flag?, the prevailing colors be
ing nile green and pink. There was a
very large number of military gentlemen
present and many ladies In fashionable
costumes. Among. the notables were: Ad
jutant General Seamans and members of
the Governor's staff, Colonel J. F. Bur
gin, Colonel H. P. Bush, Lieutenant
Colonel Thomas F. O'Nell, Major Mc-
Creagh. Major P. J. Perkins, Captains
Ballinger. White, Cunningham, Le Breton
and Kline; Lieutenant Collopy and C. P.
Campbell. C. K. Thompson and E. N.
Snook, who were members of the Nation
als In the earlier days. The grand march
was led by Adjutant General Seamans and
MrB. Walter S. Grattan. The gathering
was one of the most brilliant that has as-
Bembled In that hall In many days.
The function was arranged by Lieuten
ant J. N. Ros*. Lieutenant W. 8. Grattan.
Sergeant A. E. Anderson, A. J. Ruddlck
and W. T. Brown. Lieutenant P. J. Neu
mann was the iloor manager, assisted by
Sergeants J. J. Hyer, W. F. Unfred. W.
W. Thompson and Privates Stanley Steu
art and W. H. Shaw.
Brilliant Gathering Last Evening in
the Ellis - Street
Armory.
ANNIVERSARY BALL
OF THE NATIONALS, N. G. C.
Two Charges of Obtaining Money by
False Pretenses Booked Against
Robert Lange.'
The bogus lottery ticket man who has
been swindling women by pretending that
they had won prizes and getting money
out of them as commission on the pre
tense of 'collecting their winnings- Is ¦ in
the City Prison. Robert Lange, who,
with' George Green, was arrested by De
tectives Wren, Dlnan and McMahon at
the ferry Thursday morning, has beeu
positively identified by Mrs. Kate Costei
lo, 141 Julian avenue, and by Mrs. McAr
thur, 746 Sixteenth street, Oakland, as th*
man who swindled them. ;
Mrs. Costello bought a bogus ticket and
Iiango called upon her, telling her she
had won a prize of $4000. He got $25 from
her as commission and took her to the
Murphy building, where he lost her. He
also sold a ticket to Mrs. McArthur and
met her at the ferry on September 10,
telling her she had won a prize of $200
He got HO as commission and also lost
her in the Murphy building. He was
booked yesterday on two charges of ob
taining money by false pretenses.
Nothing has so far been found against
Green, but the detectives are. hopeful of
being able to prefer a charge of burglary
against both him and Lange. Green has a
long criminal record and every effort will
be made to hold him.
BOGUS LOTTERY TICKET
DEALER FOUND AT LAST
Barnett was promised a position as Dep
uty Clerk, but for some unexplained rea
son was compelled to wait the better part
of a year before the appointment was
made. He has now held office Just fifteen
months, when the announcement of his
removal comes.
It Is said that, a relative of Mr. Root
will be appointed, and the 'Alameda Coun
ty politicians who made Roofs nomina
tion possible because of Barnett are not
in a friendly frame of mind.
Frank Barnett, one of the political lead
ers of Oakland and the one who has al
ways controlled the Sixth Ward and the
Forty-eighth Assembly District, has been
notified by Supreme Court Clerk Root
that after November 1 his appointment as
Deputy Clerk of the Supreme Court will
be revoked. Mr. Barnett himself admits
this, while refusing to discuss the mat
ter; and the announcement comes as a
great surprise to those who know Mr.
Barnett and the political service that led
to his appointment.
Trowbridge H. Ward, former Supreme
Court Clerk, had moved from Los Ange
les County to Alameda County, a,nd at the
last State convention appeared as a can
didate for his old place, cominy from this
county. Hoot was also a candidate, and
his success depended upon whether he
could split Alameda County. . The defeat
of Dr. George C. Pardee created an Incli
nation to give Alameda County some
thing, and had the county united upon
Ward for Supreme Court Clerk, Ward
would have been nominated. Root was
very anxious to prevent Alameda County
from uniting upon any one. Barnett con
trolled the delegates from the Forty
eighth Assembly District and swung them
to Root. This defeated Ward, ana Root
was nominated when the nomination was
in the hands of Ward had he been able to
keep the delegates from the Forty-eighth
District in line.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Oct. 26.
Supreme Court Clerk Root
Makes a Change in
His Office.
BARNETT LOSES
HIS POSITION
Judge Morrow released Tsukamoto on
$20 bail and set next Wednesday morning
as the time for hearing the argument.
refused to grant him a license to main
tain the steam boiler and that such re
fusal was an unlawful discrimination
against him. He alleges further that or
dinance No. 2927, under which he was
prosecuted and convicted, is unjust, ar
bitrary and unreasonable and that other
persons have been granted permits to
maintain steam boilers In the vicinity.
Hays Hammond, the distinguished Cali
fornia mining engineer, whose career in
Africa Is well known, and her children,
Harris Nathaniel, oged 19 years; John
Hays Jr., aged 12 years, and Richard P.
Hammond, aged 4 years, are named as de
visees and legatees of the estate of the
late Nathaniel H. Harris, in his will,
which was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent's estate is valued at $12,000. Mrs.
Hammond is a niece of rhe testator, who
died August 22 of this year at Malvern,
Kngland, at which city he was visiting. In
the will, whjch bears date of June 12, 1S53,
no executor is named, and Mrs. Ham
mond asks that letters be issued to her.
The. will of George W« Harris, who died
in this city October 17, leaving an estate
valued at $12,000, was also filed for pro
bate. Decedent bequeaths a life estate
In all his properties to his widow, Mary
Neavis Harris. At the termination of the
life estate decedent directs that his prop
erty be divided In equal shares among his
children. Louisa F., Charles W., Emma
R, Nellie C, George R. and Bernard D.
Harris.
The will of Caroline Chevalier, who died
October 22, leaving an estate valued at
$1000. bequeaths a life estate in her prop
erties to Joseph Chariot. Upon his death
the testatrix directs that the property be
distributed to Attorney P. A. Bergerot.
Nathaniel H. Harris Bequeaths His
Estate to His Niece and
/* * Her Children.
Natalie Harris Hammond, wife of John
JOHN HAYS HAMMOND'S
FAMILY IS ENRICHED
The Board of Electricity mot yesterday
afternoon In the Hall of Justice and re
ferred the matter of advertising for pro
posals for supplies to the Board of Super
visors. The employes of the department
were reappolnted for sixty days, pending
examinations by the Civil Service Com
missioners.
The matter of having fire signal
boxes in the various theaters was
discussed at length. The Commissioners
were in favor of having boxes placed in
eide the play houses, so that the Fire De
partment woulJ know where the fire was
Juta as soon as the box was rung in.
Superintendent Hewitt thought that it
would be better to have the boxes placed
outside the theaters. He argued that if
iiis suggestion was adopted one box would
suffice lor two theaters that were close
to each other, such as the Orpheum and
Alcazar, thus saving the department the
extra expense of putting in boxes in each
theater. ., * . ' « '
His tuggestion was favorably received,
but on motion of the chairman, definite
fcctlon In the matter was postponed until
the next meeting. *
The Clark tapper system was then takeh
up and thoroughly discussed. As the
members of the board were not ready to
pay whether they deemed It advisable to
purchase the system or build an entirely
rew one, they decided to hold a special
meeting next week and devote the ses
fcion to a -further discussion of the tapper
system.
A communication was received from the
Point Lobos Improvement Club asking
that fire boxes be placed at the following
locations: Point l»bos and Ninth ave
nues; Point Lobos and Thirty-second ave
nues; California street and Tenth avenue;
(California street and Twentieth avenue;
Lake street and Seventh avenue and Lake
street and Thirteenth avenue. The com
munication was referred to the Chief of
the Fire Department and the Superintend
ent of the Department of Electricity.
Response by the Ap
paratus.
Extra Precaution to Secure a Prompt
FIRE-ALARM BOXES
FOB THE THEATERS
Mrs. Kinney was about 55 years old.
She had three sons and two daughters, all
adults. The young men are machinists
and employes of the Best agricultural
works at San Leandro.
These were the indications from the In
vestigation made by the deputy Coroner,
who was called to take charge, of the case.
Neighbors were summoned at once and
doctors were called, but it was found that
death was instantaneous, the bullet hav
ing pierced the heart.
Mrs. Kinney had given no warning of
her intended deed. She was Jidt supposed
to hove had any suicidal tendencies, al
though for several months her physical
condition had been bad, and It was sus
pected by her friends that her mind was
slightly unbalanced.
Mrs. Kinney had made deliberate prep
aration for 'death. The rifle she used bo
longed to one of her sons. She got the
weapon, loaded It and then went, to the
sofa in the dining-room. Then, it Is sup
fiosed. she rained the hammer, and press
ng the gun muzzle against her heart,
sprung the trigger with the enn ramrod,
which was found at ner side with the rlile.
The melancholy woman was alone in the
house, her 11-year-old grandson being in
the yard, iie heard the report, ran In to
the hcu?e and found his grandmother's
body on a lounge in the dining-room, the
weapon lying on the floor by her side.
¦While despondent from ill-health, Mrs
Mary Kinney, an elderly widow, commic
teu suicide this afternoon by shooting her
self through tho heart with a rifle bullet
at hor home In San Leandro.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
111S Broadway, Oct. 26.
San Lsandro to Shoot
Ill Health and Mental Disturbance
Leads Mrs. Mary Kinney of
Herself.
Despondent Widow Commits
Suicide by Using Her
Son's Weapon.
ENDS HER LIFE
WITH RIFLE BULL
Mrs. Jane K. Sather Again
Gives Substantial Aid to
State Institution. fg
>
The Sum of ?lO,0O0, With Income
Immediately Available for the
Library, Given to Presi
dent Wheeler.
•
BERKELEY. Oct. 2G.-The University of
California received to-day another gener-
Dttfl sift from Mrs. Jane K. Sather of Oak
land. She placed in the hands of Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler this morning
the sum of 510.000.
According to Mrs. Sath*»r*6 wishes, the
income from this cash gift is to be used
in the purchase of books for the univer
eity library. It will amount to something
like JGOO annually. The gilt was a com
plete Burprlse to President Wheeler.
At a meeting of the students and facul
ty this morning In the gymnasium Presi
dent Wheeler announced this good news
to all. The tidings were received with a
burst of applause and three rousing cheers
were given for the generous benefactress
This gift of 110.000 is In no way connected
with Mrs. Sather's gift of $100,OW, made to
the State University at the last meeting
cf the Regents. The titles to the bonds
and property which make up the latter
sum are held by the Board of Regents,
Mrs. Sather to receive the Income during
her life. The $10,000, however, was a clear
pift. the Income to go at once to the uni
versity.
GENEROUS GIFT
TO UNIVERSITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, uvLXJisnn a;i,,'l>u6.
Tiny John California Butler Succeeds "Locomotive" Smith in Affec
tions of the Football Enthusiasts After His Campus Christening.
BERKELEY ROOTERS ACCEPT
GLORY IN THE NEW MASCOT
11
Bead what Grace Fem has .,
: t0; say regarding the narrow-
minded preachers and the
stage, in Sunday's Gall." It
, will give ; you something : to
think abont.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Brcxao-Qulnlne Tablets. •TUJfl;--. SA^ FEANCISOO ; CALL, S ATUKDA/r j OUTUJJEK 27, 1»<J"-
12
SAN FRANCISCO CA *-L.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
tsntll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
>00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
Ctf Larkin street ; open until 9:M p. m.
1541 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
ad Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until s p. m.
306 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C3C Valencia street; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
.MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., m
trill meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- _Ji
ING, Oci. 27, at 7:30 o'clock. R. A.TT
degree. By order of the H. P. »?>
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL I»dge No. 144. F. and A. M. •
Officers ar.d meml>ers are requested to _^^_
attend the funeral of HENRY T. jC/f
EMERY, from the Masonic Temple. *^r
SUNDAY, Oct. £S. at 1:30 p. m. Master
Masotie, friends and relatives are cordially
Invited. A. S. HURIIARD, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. •
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY)
AKTERNOON *t 3 o'clock. Third de- 1C5f
gree. Master Masons cordially Invited, f^ri
By order Of tUe w. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Decree Lodge No. 2.
I. O. O F. — Rejruiar meeting £yy~^tj-
T-H1S (SATURDAY) EVENING.
First degree. <*m**"
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. +$*&***
O. O. V. — Brothers: You ar*- re- jg^*^ff%§^
Q'jette<3 to assemble In Memorial
Hall SUNDAY. 1 p. m.. to attend
the funeral of our late brother, H. T. EM-
EREY. JOHN A. AHL&OX. N. G.
TRIUMPH Lodge No. ISO. aTqTu. W.— xWB>
Officers ar.d i!e:r.h<»rs: You are notl- j^p 1 *^*
£e<J to zr-.ccr at your hall FL'XDAY.fe^^
October IS, at 1:16 n. m., to attend the**B^
funeral of our late brother, -WILLIAM
SCHULZ. D. B. RICHARDS. M. W. .
J. U. CATTRAK. Recorder.
COUNCIL of Sorrow— To the Sisters jss&&**.
er.i Brothers of the Improved O. JHg5^ s
It M. : Please take notice that «%XSK?
memorial services will be held at Red Men's
building. 320 Post et. SUNDAY AFTER-
NOON. October rs. at 2 o'clock. All mem-
bers of the order, sisters of the Decree of
Pocahontas and friends of the brotherhood
are ccrdially invited to attend.
J. N. HUTAFF. President.
PORTER L. BLISS. Secretary.
IROQUOIS Club members are notified to as-
semble at California Hotel at 7:30 p. m.
' FATURIVAY. Octc.brr :7. to escort the Uni-
versity Club to Metropolitan Temple. Bring
your friend*. \VM. McMANN. President.
J. L. Murrhv. Cor. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
procefs from the Cataract and Wide West
Gravel Mining Co.. In the Wide West Gravel
Mine, near Eho, Oalaveras Co., to deposit
tallincs In North Outlet and Prospect Gulch:
from H. PlelRhter and Thomas Harper, in the
Fan Francisco Mine, near Tudd, Placer Co..
to deposit tailings in Dardanelles Canyon;
from Charles 8. Delsen. in the Riffle Point
Mine, at Grass Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit
tailing-* in <Jra?s Flat Ravine; from George
Fitzgerald, in th» Lone Star Mine, near Crom-
foerg, Piumas Co., to deposit tallintrs in Jack-
con Creek; from G. A- and F. W. Brucker-
man, in the Renaissance Mine, near Howland
Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in a
worked-out pit : from J. R. Bell and A. B.
Jacks, in the Badger Hill Mine, near Spanish
Ranch. Piumas Co., to deposit tallinirs In
Whltlock Ravine; fmm W. T. Sherman and
O. F. Caya. in the Last Chance Mine, near
Port Wine. Sierra Co.. to deposit taillr.^s In
French Ravine: from C. N. Klnrsbury, in the
Conner «»ulch Gravel Mine, near Iro, Shasta
Co.. to deposit tailings In Pry Creek: from ;
John McGrath. in the Independent Mine, near
St. Louis. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings In
Sears Ravine, and from J. F. Cowdery, in !
the Chandlerville Mine, near St. Louis, Sierra
Co.. to deport tailing* In Sackets Gulch.
Fives notice that a rr.eetir.R will be held at •
room O, Flood boOdlag; San Francisco, Cal.,
OB November 12. lPOfi. at 1:30 p. m. j
ALL can borrow money on pilks. oil palntinirs i
and bupcies frrm COLLATERAL BANK. 15 j
Grant ave., near Market st. I
ACEXTS WASTED.
SHOW rcur eclors; blow your cigar and get J
the dollars; 10c in stamps gets samples ee- ;
curely mailed and information. Acents Sup-
ply <>.. U2S Market St., E. F. !
AGENTS wanted fcr the Windsor rubber col-
lars and cuffs; liberal commission. Address
H. C. BOWMAN, U01 Point Lobos ave.. S. F.
WANTED — Solicitors to «w»U oil stock; beet
prcjK-fitior. In town; uood. steady money In
It. «~ali Mills building, room /I. fifth floor.
TO sell ramj>ai£n novelty; Roosevelt hat ba<J$e;
large profits. WHITE &. WOEBKE. 8 Pine st.
INSURANCE solicitors. life. flre. marine,
wanted for Fi3e line. Addrers box 41S0. Call.
ASPHALTIM UOOFI.\G.
J. PELTirR. aer-hslt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
fioor* laid, repaired: postal. 11S6 Mission st.
ASTKOLOGY.
11 MK HICKEY— Astrolcpirt: horoscopes. 50c:
card reading and palmistry. 25c. 1S3? Mission.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. '
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market Bt..
room err— Estates, damages, attachment*,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases: fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at lsw. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
1. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market rts.; phone Red CIC2. • __
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no feen in advance
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON. Xlae-ara. Perfection and others.
W. P. BROWN CO.. agency. 126 Ellis st., d.F.
BICYCLES— For Snle or Exchange.
XLLEN"f*llTT^"c^imnb1a~7hlLmTe^^6oTcha7n
J40; ordinary bicycles cheaper. 301 Larkin
rt. and ISM to 1970 Page st. .;.'..'
BOAHDI.NG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would like 2 or 3 children to board;
mother s care; price reasonable. 430 Fulton.
BOARD for little girl; best of care: reasonable.
4 Church lan«\ near Church and 16th «<ta.
m>i\i:ss chances.
A— SALOON opp. Hall of Justice; 3 years'
lease; low rent: splendid bargain; investigate
and t>uy at once; rare chance. Call R. G.
.WILKE. fX% Kearny st.
A— 5350; RESTAURANT on Market St.; rent
SZt: a Good-payir.g place; sickness of wife
compels owner to Bell. See R. G. WILKE,
26»,4 Kearny et.
PARTNER v.'anted. restaurant in Vallejo; fine
business.- 40 steady boarder?: pood transient:
terms, $300 cash, easy installments of J200;
Investigation solicited; or owner will sell the
¦whole: a splendid chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26*/i Kearny st.
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEN!
:A'" IS580; cafe with long lease, close to Mar-
ket and Powell sts. : surrounded by theaters,
and doinir a rushing business; cusomers and
price? firft-claes; private dining rooms, with
ladl?s" entrances; richness compels owner to
leave the city. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26Vi Kearny «t.
X — 1900; BUTCHER (shop, with horse and cart.
In best location of Western Addition; place
established for years and doing a first-class
business: a splendid chance for any man.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— 11250 : SALOON -with 10 furnished rocms:
close to HaJI of Justice; place established
many year* and doing a pood business; owner
•>npaped otherwise cause of sale: a bargain.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — 1300: DINING room and restaurant with
private lunch rooms In leading private hotel;
close to O'Farrell and Mason; 30 Fteaiy
boarder*; a rare chance.* Call R. G. WILKE.
26H Kearny et.
MANY choice business openings: good values.
22 croceries and bars; price from. .$300 to i20no
1» branch bakeries; price from. ...$200 to SI 150
23 cigar stores; price from 1125 to J1600
87 ealoocs; price from :...t22a to $0000
34 restaurants; price from Jl.V) to $2500
2 butcher fchope; price from _$3S0 to tlSOC
4 country hotels; price from .$1230 to {3000
BCHWEINHARD & CO.. S17 Market St.. bet.
Eth and Cth: telephone Mint 191L
JL' tUfj PARTNER wanted in coffee and choo
house: Incoming partner will be required to
attend each counter; no experience necessary;
owner has two places; fine trade; trial given
to parties meaning business; no agents. Box
am. Call office. ¦ ¦
UOn — A COFFEE and lunch parlor on Mont-
gomery et.; a terrain. MCLAUGHLIN. 777
Market st.
1350 — FRUIT rtore; 2 furnished rooms; receipts
ISO per day: rood horse and waieon; full value
In Bight. MCLAUGHLIN. 777 Market St.-
Wnn-CHICKKN bu?ines!>; 400 chickens; tools;
horse; 2 wagor*; rent $13 mo. Baelle. 2 Eddy.
CIGAR store for sale; rood location; fine fix-
bmt. Apply S Eddy st.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED. '
A GROCERY and Kkr: best ever offered~for ''¦
sale. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A 6ALOON downtown; money-maker; come
quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— COUNTRY roadhouse and building; big bar-
galn. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt.
A— SODA water business for one-half its value;
elcknees. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et
A— HOTEL for rent, furnished: good chance.
Call COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— LIVERY and boarding stable; park loca-
tion; good chance. Cowing & Co., 719 Market.
A— PLUMBING shop; fine location; snap for
good man. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at.
A— RESTAURANT In best part of city; must
be sold this day. COWING. 713 Market »t.
$10.000— SOUND investment; one of the best-
paring merchandise businesses In Oakland;
established for years; safe and profitable in-
vestment; half cash, balance in property. E.
E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway, Oakland.
LADY wants partner with some means in pay-
ing business; security for oath Invested. Call
or address 944 Mission Et.
MARK STROUPE'S Bay City Market will be
sold at public auction MONDAY, October 29,
1900. at 12 o'clock noon, at premises, 113S-1146
Market tt >
GROCERT and bar for sale; good location; also
coal yard : will be sold separately or com-
bined; good investment. Apply J. J. CLARKB,
grocer. Mission et, near Twenty-second.
$lt00— CIGAR store and billiard hall: clears $150
per month. W. C. FLETCHER. 1754 Seventh
et.. West Oakland.
GROCERY and bar In good location; stock in
f-Ight for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
PER, 313 Examiner building.
FOR sale — Wood and coal vard. with improve-
ments; long lease. Apply 1113 Folsom et.
$50 MADE per week; profession taught, $25.
Particulars 621 Larkin St.; call in evening.
FOR eale— Paying book and stationery 6tore.
cigars, candy and laundry offlce; opposite
school; nice living rooms; low rent; no a«ent».
Box SE71. Call offlce.
FOR Bale— $600; fine restaurant on K «.; good
patronage; terms reasonable. Address R.,
P. O. box 880. Sacramento. Cal. ¦
GOOD-PAYING business for sale In a nourish-
ing town. Address C. M. W.. 602 Virginia St.
Vallejo, Cal.
FINE large etore to let on O'Farrell St.. near
: Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent
I Apply at 15 Grant ave.
DRUG store; well established; near Phelan
building; cheap to make quick sale. Box seO4.
Call office. .
A BARGAIN; corner grocer}', with bar; cash
business; Mission district; no agents; terms
! cash; Investigation invited. Box 4193. Call.
• $430— RESTAURANT: fine morning and even-
i Ing trade; everything in complete running
j order; present owner 4 years; Investigate. 233
I glxth st.
! RESTAURANT and chicken ranch, both In
¦ pood running order; incubators and brooders.
! Inquire. 2137 Central St.. East Berkeley.
FINE location for shoe store: no opposition:
¦ fixtures complete; 4 rooms. Northeast corner
: Clement st. and Third #vc; Sutro cars pass. |
i : . — . — , * j
' $S00— BRANCH bakery, candy, cigars, notions.
j stationery; near transfer corner. 184 Valencia.
i 14- ROOM houee: newly furnished; always full:
; gas, bath. 746 Howard st.
j STATIONERY, notion, cigar and candy store;
1 laundry offlce: no agents. Apply 310 Turk st.
I A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
! subscriptions has been established at 1096
j Valencia rt.
! ¦ -'
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
1 6 ROOMS: Taylor it; make an offer.
12 rooms; Golden Gate ave.; only $525
15 rooms; O'Farrell St.; a bargain; cash.. COO
17 rooms; Eddy St.; very good 900
18 rooms: Mission st. ; to-day only S00
82 rooms; Mason St.: cheap rr;nt 1750
Cafh or easy cavments: snaps for buyers.
HAYES & WILSON. 838 Market (The Elite)
SNAPS— 22-roomed house: good location.. $750
$s50: elegantly furnished; 15 rooms: Turk st.
$rXX>: 20 rooms; always full; rent $10.
We have the cream of S. F. In lodging-
houses. See us before buying. NATIONAL
READ ESTATE EXCHANGE. 8 Eddy Bt.
A— 22-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
20- room house; first class 1C50
11-room house; J475: 6-room flat 325
20- room house: Eddy; rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st
; z — ¦ ;
|1400_HOTEL: £6 furnished rooms; clears ?200
a month; near railroad shops. $1000— Lodging-
house; 26 furnished rooms; on one floor: nets
I $S0 per month; near railroad shops. W. C
FLETCHER, 1754 Seventh et.. West Oakland.
I 11-ROOM house: south Market st.: must sell
I to-day; a snap; *210. HAYES & WILSON.
838 Market Et (The Elite). '
i j9oo— 10 SUNNY rooms; fine corner on Third st,
near Market. Room 614, Call building.
CARRIAGES AND W'AGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camplnr wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wapons. buggies, carts' & har-
r.ess. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; minlr.g a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed..Frl.
ev*9; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
613 Eddy st.. bet Hyde and Larkin: no sign.
MEDIUM and palmist: readings this week, 25c
and 50c; satisfaction guaranteed. Room 14,
1239 Market st ¦
MRS. LESTER, medium and palmist, 521 Turk
st.: circles Sun.. Tueg.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 25c.
I MRS. KOTTER'S circle; test to all. 10c; sittings
j dally; ladles. 50c; gents, $L S4 Sixth st.
| EDWARD EARLE. psychic, 128 Powell st;
j hours. 9 to 5; Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
MME. MAJORS, gifted splrtual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st. room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mr*. C. J.
Meyer, sit dly: convlnc'g tests to-night: 10c.
CONSULT Watson. 1581 Mkt., nr. 12th; famous
medium & palmist: advice infallible; 23c up.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busl-
nees medium, life reader: Fittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles
60c, gent $1; palm and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
JUST returned, MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoy-
ant, card reader: mental questions answered;
ladies, 25c; gents, 50c. 34 Sixth st, room 6.
MRS. E. SANDERS, SI4 Taylor St., near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m.; Frt.. 8; dr., 25c.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed: 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader,
j trance medium; 25c up.S23Mission Bt.;ring bell.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Blttlcrs dally. 44SV» Jessie .at.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA. the- gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 23c and 50c. "" Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psyrhometriet. palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 12UV4 Market st.
MMR HANSCN. palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth st. room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clalrvo3'ant and business
J rr.edium. 425 Golden -Gate ave.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 114» Mission.
MME. RAVENNA readr life fluently: business.
advice; names given; 25c up.- 5 Fourth st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
STANDARD. 213 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
3c yd; laying a specialty. Rhone Mission 106.
WHEN you become dijtjruRted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-3"7 Tehama St. ; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per. yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth et.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; teL Mission 74.
C1TV steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, men. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel Main 291. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON-KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone Ka*t ITS.
CHIROPODISTS. "~~~~
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consult' n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
OBOROB W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE . 3 cunny rooms ; yard ; water.
1S4 Rose ave., between Gough and Oct&vla.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC. ¦ 809 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7/ Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without 'plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 £0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years'" ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
' DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. -
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and. bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings. 60c:
crowns. $3 50; plates, full set. $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st. ¦
"MAIN. Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market et, bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over tike new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentists at Standard
Dental Parlors, r. £4, Murphy bldg.. 1236 Mkt
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25o.
DR. WALSH. S15% Geary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction 50c; plates %5 up; teL Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
50c. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Pajnless"; evenings and Sun-
•days. 1001. Market at., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk «t. ¦
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital, Poet, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded, Tel. Weat 636.
DIIESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FAIRFIELD'S~Mlllinery Academy; call and ex-
amir.e work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
.lng, pinking. 121 Post. overO' Connor & MofTatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
E. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL-.
G^L^A^H^R^A^slTc^ileTeTPa^tT^ldT^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
ehorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping: full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Tost at,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalog-ue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Fchool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market st: day
and evening; individual instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telagraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
SPANISH classes day and evening, 305 Larkin
St., cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week. $3 a
menth; also private. PROF.F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wits, with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt., 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall: acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market ft
ENGINEERING, civil. e!ec. mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. DeFIHppe'sAcademy
of Languages, i20 Po8t;?stabld.l&71;able«t profs.'
SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, $2
mo.; hours, 2-4, 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 1J9-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSriKI.U, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 4M Pine rt.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese, employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment «~''2,'?e;
beet help furn. ; tel. John 212L 8O6V4 St •Ton.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese, Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Walters, cooks.
- dishwashers; est. 189a 1026 Oak; tel. Page 647.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
GERMAN woman with girl of 6 wishes situa-
tion as cook or housekeeper; wages $20; city
or country. MRS. T., 64»B Natoma st, up-
per flat.
COMPETENT German woman wants work -by
the day, washing, ironing, cleaning; Western
Addition only; no postals, j Address 1203 Val-
lejo st . ¦ __^^
GERMAN cook and helper want places to-
gether in hotel or boarding-house: city or
country; can do any kind of cooking. 242
Natoma st.. basement
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfec-
tion in fitting, designing and trimming; cos-
tumes remodeled: latest styles; $1 25 per day
In families. Modiste, box 3809, Call office.
MOTHER and' daughter would like a few of-
fices to clean, housecleaning or any kind of
work fore-noons. Box 3820, Call offlce.
FRENCH teacher desires position as visiting
governess, companion or teaching; references.
Box 3819. Call offlce.
AMERICAN woman wishes a situation to* do
peneral housework; no objection to children.
731 Folsom st. . ¦ ¦ -
V.'OMAN wishes a situation as housekeeper;
wages $20. Address box 3325, Call offlce.
WANTED— Work by the day; no starched
clothes. MRS. EGAN, 930 Howard st, rm. 80.
TEHAMA. 73— A woman wishes a position as
working housekeeper or lady's nurse.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance, UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant av.
THOROUGHLY experienced German Infant's
and child's nurse, to take entire charge; city
or country; best of references. Address box
4106. Call offlce. ¦
WANTED — By a reliable woman, work In
country hotel or mining camp, or would take
care of rooming-house; best of references. 765
Market St., room 30. •
KLDERLY lady would like a position to assist
In light' housework; small pay. 29 Eddy St.,
¦ room 31,
GIRL lately from the East wishes a position as
r.urac and seamstress. Call or address N.,
2CSH Tehama st. : - -
INEXPERIENCED young woman wishes situ-
ation as waitress in restaurant 413A Frank-
lln st . " ;
POSITION as housekeeper or to cook in mining
camp or boarding-house. 613 Folsom st.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes situation to
assist In light housework. 220 Sixth ave/
YOUNG lady desires position as bookkeeper;
5 years' practice: is neat and industrious; fine.
penman; thoroughly cbmpctent; references.
Address O,, N., box 3869, Call offlce.
POSITION as governess or housekeeper In fam-
ily; English and German spoken. Call or ad-
dress 1£S2 Mission St., bet. 2 and 4 p. m.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket-2C0 room*; 25o to $1 CO niclit. $1 50 to $6
wt-ek: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bagcaee to and from ferry.
A URANCH office. for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has j been established > at r 1036
Valencia st. • : ; ¦ ..-
-^J^VA'!^yAV^ r Tiy^jlTH°~^^'. B '
GENTLEMAN desires position- as coachman";
understands business thoroughly; good refer-
ences. Box 3813, Call office.
YOUNG man. first-class stenographer, started
studying law, desires position in - law I office-
will leave slty. Address box ?821,, Call of flee.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener wants position on
place; city or country; best of reference*.
Box 27S8. Call. - ' . a :< „."
FIRST-CLASS designer, cutter and fitter * on
ladies' tailor-made cloaks and suits desires a
position. _ Box 3&10. Call offlce. ";. .,"
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches silver
eealKklns. pianos, guns. ; UNCLE i HARRIS!
15 Grant ave.,- ¦..,.;. ..-<;,. -¦-.-¦. .
WANTED— A young man desirous of a position
of any kind. Address 674 Fourth st . . . ¦ v ,
COACHMAN, •; gardener .< and ¦ man about place;
good driver^ and good worker." Box 88U, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— -MALE.
GENTLEMAN, i ago 26. good education and ad-
dress, wants situation as showroom salesman
or traveler;' ten years' experience; highest
: references and bond if required. Address box
4128. Call offlce. ., ; . '
ADVERTISER, age 26,' well educated, good or-
cranlzer, wants responsible position at home
, or abroad; . accustomed to tropical climate;
soeaks Spanish; excellent references. Ad-
dress box 2S05, Call office.
SWEDE ¦ 35 wants • position as porter, - hotel,
country: understands bar and horses; smart
and handy. . Box 4197, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook, baker and meat cutter
desires situation on ocean steamer. Address
M. V. E.. 153^ Third st. :
EXPERIENCED German grocery clerk and
barkeeper wishes situation; first-class refer-
ences.W. BOHLING, 417 Kearny st.
MILKER (Swiss) and wife, cook, want work
on ranch; city or country. 1309 Stockton st
GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper wishes
situation; sober; references; city or country.
Address C. JURGENSEN, 8 Sliver st, San
Francisco.
MIDDLE-AGED " good hotel waiter desires
steady position. ¦ Address H. KIEHL. New
Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
MACHINIST, middle-aged: uses neither drink
: nor tobacco, seeks situation as vise or bench
hand or any place of trust; part time If da-
sired. 631 Post st. •
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITINO CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
A— SNAP; 2 cozy flats of 3 rooms; 10 days free;
$9 per month. 630A and 650C Jessie st.
DOLORES St.. between Twenty-third and
5 Twenty-f ourth : fine flat of 7 rooms and bath;
key there. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real
Eetate Agents, 630 Market st.
FLAT 6 rooms and bath. 2229H Mission st.
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MONEY advanoed on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS".
15 Grant ave. •
NEW flats: tinted; 7 rooms. 430 Eddy et
SUNNY flat 4 rooms. 210 Willow ave., above
Van Nees.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brvant.
FLATS WANTED.
A — NOTICE; owners attention! We guarantee
to rent gocd houses and flats in three to fif-
teen days. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
FURS1TCRE FUR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket st; telephone South 637. .
FURNITURE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission 8t, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.,, 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel Polk 691,
furniture & furn' d houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
HELP v. ANTED— FEMALE.
FOUR first-class waitresses for new hotel for
November 1, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary. st. j
TWO waitresses, same hotel, city, $20; call
¦ early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, grill, south, $30, fare advanced;
2 waitresses, cafe, south, $23; 2 waitresses,
first-class restaurant, near city, $3 week, see
party hero at 12 m. to-day: 2 waitresses, city,
$M: 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman
cook, $30 to $35; fancy ironer, $1 25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Working housekeeper for ten students. )
$22 50, call early: housegirls Modesto. Con- }
cord. Oakdale, Salinas. Rydo, Willows, East I
Berkeley, Redwood City and Banta Cruz, $13
to $25; cook, country. $30, and 50 houseglrls,
city, good wages; a woman with a child, $15;
a: cook with a small boy, $30; second girl,
Berkeley. $20, $22 50; young nurseglrl. care of
2 children, one having had experience; others; t
housekeeoer, widower's family, city, $13. C
It. HANSEN & CO.. lOt Geary st.
I NURSE, care of children. $15; nice place. C.
I R- HANSEN. & CO., 104 Geary st.
TRUSTWORTHY Protestant woman, perma-
nent home, country, near Oakland: must be j
be able to do work of small cottage; salary :
$12 per month; will be treated as a member
of family; will not suit invalids or tired peo-
, pie. Box 3813, Call offlce.
WANTED— Neat girl for light chamber work
and sewing and make herself generally use- .
ful portion of each day by the month. Box I
3842. Call offlce. j
COMPETENT alteration hands for skirts and I
waists. Call between 8 and 9 a, m., LIV- !
INGSTON BROS.. 123 Post st .
WANTED— Operators, finishers and appren- 1
tices on pants. Metropolitan Tailoring Co.,
947 Market Bt
.WANTED— SRleslady for ladies' tailoring store. '
Call at 113 Grant ave., between the hours of '
11 a, m. and 12:30 p. m.
SMART, young girl to learn to bo a medium; t
willing to travel with professional man.
Write to box 3874, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced chlnaware saleslady;
state experience, reference and salary ex- j
i-ected. Apply box 2808, Call offlce.
WANTED — Girl for general housework and |
cooking; small family; no children; wages $23
to $30. Apply 838 O'Farrell st
i WANTED— A French woman (Parisian) for
chamber work and assist with children. Box !
3S27, Call offlce. . j
A GOOD cook. Apply between 10 and 11 a. m.,
1453 Franklin st. '
WANTED — A woman to • do light housework
and sleep at home. 817 Hayes st.
BRIGHT, neat apprentice. DINAN MILLIN-
ERY. 24 Kearny st. ¦ ' -• ,-.
WANTED- First-class fitter for ladles' tailor-
ing. ' Address box 3828, Call offlce.
YOUNG nurseglrl to mind child ; l wages $15;
references desired. Apply 2310 Gough st.
WANTED— Compositor. PATTERSON'S, 429
Montgomery st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. 3320
Twenty-second st., . near -Valencia. ,.
WANTED— Young German girl to take care of
children. 2S05 Washington st.
WETNURSE for an Infant; best of references
required. Box 3S22. Call offlce.
GIRL or woman to assist with housework and
children. 1806 Geary st. .
WANTED— Girl for general housework. 344S
Twentieth st. corner Capp; call after 9.
EXPERIENCED girl for candy store. 223
Sixth st. ¦
GIRL to learn tailoring; good sewer; paid
while learning. 273 Minna Bt. '
WANTED— Experienced operators on shirts; a
few inexperienced taught Apply the- L. EL-
KUS & CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
A— FIRST-CLASS waist hand; only first-class
need apply, at 1200 Geary st, «.fter.7 p. m.,
¦ and Sunday from 1 to 4.
A— CLOAK and suit saleswoman wanted who
has had good experience. Address, stating
; where formerly employed, "Cloaks," box 3S06,
Call offlce. -:¦:- ;. - :
WANTED — Experienced starchers ; new • shirts .
only laundered. EAGLESON & CO., 533 Mar-
; - ; .ket »t. . : . ¦ ¦ -•¦¦"¦ ¦¦ •¦ --. ; ;.•. " , -..¦;
WANTED - A strong young girl: assist in
, housework: no washing. -Apply in the morn-
Ing at 1032 Ellis i st. ,.¦-¦••¦-•- ; : - .
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on : dress ¦ and negligee shirts; :< steady
work; good pay.v Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie st.
fcORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
: interest UNCLE HARRIS,: 15 Grant ave.
TWO good ; experienced .'; vestmakers; steady
work and good wages. ; Apply 1110 Market st.,
WANTED— A finisher on -Jackets and - Bklrts*;
¦ steady , work. Ladles' Tailor, i 641 Post : st.
BRIGHT girl for store and errands. 1435 Polk
-; 1 .- street.-: .*•• \. r ¦.'•;.-¦ ?-' •.;•;*-..-;-':•.-. ¦. ' ¦:-. .,->^r '¦ •' .- ;.-. . -
WANTED — Neat • appearing girl walton table
" . and i other, light : work. . 306 , Leavenworth st. ,
WANTED — Experienced . waist i hands; < also
¦ sleevemakc-r. ' 121 Poet'»t.;room 45.-:. :..:'. ,v:. . : . ,
LADIES; to solicit; novelty corset: quick sales;
,- salary and : commission.; Box : 3S73, ; Call. .- -. r..
WANTED— Women and girls 1 to work on > fruit.
¦ 1731 Folsom st; - between 1 13th • and 14th.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
V received at Call branch office, 2200 flllmore st.
-J».t«WJ!.»~-:"'i-» ¦•.-..» • - :• a *-:¦ -.. ¦ ¦ • •¦¦¦:¦ ¦• -.>eaMB»'aw_
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 1S5
....:;...... .:. railroad work... ::...........
1C0 teamsters, R. R. work. Nevada... %'i a day
j 10 teamsters. Coast Road. ............ ..$2 a day
10 teamsters, California & N. P. R.R.$2 a day
10 laborers. California & N. P. R.R..J2 a day
, Free fare. ....... .Ship dally. ..Free fare
! ¦'. C. R.- HANSEN & CO.. ...... ....104 Geary St.
A— 10 STONEMASONS for State of Nevada.
\'R. R: work;" long Job; see boss here this
' forenoon: $3 50 a day and free fare....
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st
A— 20 PICK and shovel laborer* $3 23 a day
Fare advanced Long Job
C. R. HANSBN & CO ...104 Geary tt
A— SO EXPERIENCED coal miners. New Mex-
ico
C. R. HANSEN & CO ......104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •
R. R. camp cook, $60 and free fare; meat
cook, institution, country, $45, see party here;
attendants* cook, institution, $40: barkeeper,
country hotel, »35: butler, good references,
private family, $45; sllverman, country hotel.
$23 and free fare; 6 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, $20 to $30......................... 13
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A HARNESS cleaner who can drive carriage
and knows the city; $60..
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
BARKEEPER, first-class country hotel. $35
and found. See party at C. R. HANSEN &
CO.'S. 104 Geary St.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
.......WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
S carpenters for a mine.... ....$82 SO and found
S carpenters, bridge and trestle work, near
city .....i.... $3 day
to laborers, city and country.. Jl 73 and $2 day
tank cooper... harness maker
blacksmiths ...........stablemen
10 plow teamsters and farmers.. $26 & $30 & fd
milkers and butter makers $30 and fd
carriage painters, drillers «.•>•
100 woodchoppers and tiemakere, provisions
furnished .' ••••'• ••
farmer and wife $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A.— COOKS, city and country. $30. $35 and $40
and found: markers and other laundry help;
experienced man. delicatessen etore; boy to
drive bakery wagon, $20 and found ; elevator
boy. etc. .
MURRAY & READY. 834-636 Clay Bt.
A— FOR a mine boarding-house, south, cook. $50
and found; dishwasher, $35 and found; waiter,
$30 and found
cook for a surveying party, $40 and found, see
boss here.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
A— FOR a small electric plant, lineman and
run dynamo, see boss here 9 a. m. to-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— WANTED
4 milkers, city $35
2 brick masons for mine M $4 a day
Furnace man for mine..... $65
Hostler, city $30
Gardener, country $23
Kitchen hand for boat $20
Ranch boy $10
W. D. EWER &. CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED
Office boy for wholesale house, $3 50 a week
and increase. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
ALL good carpenters registered please call; 3
lathers, cabinetmakers, j bench hands, sash
and door man, shaper and band cawyer,
sticker hands, at Mechanics' Registration
Bureau. 410 Kearny st, room 9. Non-union
mechanics please register; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 132.
BOY as stenographer, typewriter and assistant
bookkeeper; wages, $9 per week; answer in
own handwriting, stating age and references.
Box 3S07. Call office.
WANTED — A boy to work In country printing-
ofilce; experience necessary. Apply S21 Safe
Deposit building, Montgomery st, between 1
and 3 p. m., Monday.
BOYS' and children's furnishing goods sales-
man. Apply before 8 a. m., B. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market st
BOYS' and children's clothing salesman. Ap-
nly before 8 a. m.. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718
Market st.
ACTIVE man for temporary local position;
several weeks; salary $3 per day. Glob© Co.,
723 Chestnut at, Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Family with team; free rent for
care of ranch in Sonoma County. Call or
address S93 Geary st
WANTED— Baker, third hand, on bread and
cakes; wages $S a week. Call at 1 p. m., 32
Sixth et. ' .- ¦
BOY to clean and work about candy store and
factory, $4 a week. Call 10 to 13 a. m.,
BLUM'S, corner Polk and Suttcr sts.
WANTED— Operators. { finishers and appren-
tices on pants. Metropolitan Tailoring Co..
847 Market st.
ORCHARD superintendent wants position or
wlllTent on shares. Address box 1694, Wal-
nut Creek.
V.'ANTED— A barber for Saturday afternoon
and Sunday. 1337 Dupont st. .
BARBER for Saturday from 10 to 10. 519 Kear-
ny St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 715 Davis
street "
BARBER wanted for Saturday. B05 Broadway.
WANTED— First-class barber for Saturdays
"and Sundays. 11 Howard st
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailors wanted; highest
wages paid. FRANCIS, 796 Sutter st.
V.'ANTED— Bedmaker; also man to do chores.
32 East St., Dewey House.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers for the country- J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CL'ASS ladles tailors. VERDIER, 934
Geary st.
COATMAKER for country. , Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Errand boy! ll DEMARTINI
SUPPLY CO.. 516 Front st
WANTED— Two feeders for Job presses. Com-
mercial Publishing Co., 34 California st.
WANTED— Fim-class experienced solicitors ;
young men only. 206 Sansome St., room 30.
BARKEEPER; young man: sober: to go to
country; reference. Box 3824, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS painters at 463 Geary st
COOK wanted; small place. 425 Bush st.
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairing; bring
tools. 129 Third st. -
BARBERS; complete 2-chair shop for sale at
bargain. Call and Investigate. 394 Sixth et.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento st.,, near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY, Prop.
WANTED — A young man to "act- as floor
walker; one with good address and sterling
habits; for Welnstock, Lubln & Co., Sacra-
mento. Apply at 523 Market st", new First,
between 2 and 3 p. m.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced clothing
salesman: one who can talk Portuguese; for
Sacramento. Apply at 523 Market st. room 7,
between. 2 and 3 p. m. ¦ .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
thnt Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. . 217 'Third St.: 150 large
ioums; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and map of city free
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, , 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J.H. Shepard & Co.. old, reliable
firm, 8C6 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg.: pen-
sion vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
WANTED— A, man experienced In the manu-
facture of condensed milk; write, stating ex-
perience, to address. Box 4105. Call offlce.
WANTED— A boy about 16 years of age for of-
'?. fice ' work.- Address . In own handwriting, box
4109.' Call. '¦¦•••¦•.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
sklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st -and 2d ata.
Shoelasters.Chape mach. ; shoefltters, wax thread
Singer mach. P. R. Wentworth. .W. Berkeley.
BRIGHT boy . not over 15 years for store. 1435
-. Polk'st . . ,
BARBER Bhop— 4 chairs: rent $18; price $250;
call to-day. M, GRIFFIN," 719 Market, r. V
A -BOY wanted at once. -225'4 Montgomery ave.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to ; carry gloves
-.¦•' as side line; state ; territory. ; . Box . 3611, . Call.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting;- 25c
, to 50c." C62 Mission ¦ st. . . bet. 1st * and 2d stb.
A— SALESMEN, ~ office 'J, men and , ; mechanics
seeking positions, call at 9 Geary at, rm. . 8.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooma, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston . House, • 930 . Howard -Bt. -
STOLTZ. < barber supplies, removed from -630
:, Market (basement) to 636 Market st, upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to'order.- $1 per week, at
• cash prices.?:. N. ; Y: Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS. • ordinary seamen - and - green- hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 38 Steuart
HELP . WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— A good sticker hand; Ban SVandsoo
manufacturing establishment; steady em-
¦ ployment and good pay to right man. Box
4107. Call offlce.
MEN" and women to learn barber trade. B. TF.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard St.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 1«
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
¦ ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; ire*
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore at
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109s
\V«lencla Et. . ¦ ¦
„, ' 1IE.MOKK11OIDS.
PILES— 900 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pa'n; par-
tlculars gent. Ad. Physician, box 1930. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Snle
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
enrts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows.
poultry and flogs healthy. 1.K3 Fnlsom «t. S. 1'.
HORSES WANTED.
WANTED— Very stylish gentle horsa tar lady
to drive. Box 4102. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE to let 201 Ash avenue, near Van Ness;
8 rooms and bath; $26.
CASTRO, 74S — Nearly new house, 8 rooms and
bath; good location and view. Apply premises.
$3— GOOD 5-room house; healthy location. 18«7
Kearny st. near Greenwich.
HOUSES TO LET— KGRXISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house of 12 sunny
rooms: 2 baths; large grounds; marine view;
$85. Southeast cor. Green and Leavenworth.
UYI'SOTISM.
HYPNOTISM successfully taught in « one-hour
lewsons by PROF. DILLON. 324 O'Farrell st
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Black feather boa Thursday evening,
between Popular Restaurant and 629 Sutter st
Return to 64 Flood building; reward.
DIAMOND ring lost between Taylor. Powell.
Turk and Market. Return to L. REYNALD9,
11 Taylor st; reward.
LOST— Fraternity pin set with opals and dla-
rronds: name on back. E. P. Kennedy: liberal
rtward. P. J. KENNEDY, 11 Montgomery.
$10 REWARD— Lost, a* black cocker spaniel
dog; no hair on the back near the tail; an-
swers name of Jinks. Return 31S Pine. rm. 7.
LOST — Money check of U. 3. Sub-Treasury. No.
27445, signed by S. Konishl. Please return to
SINICHI KONISHI. 897 Polk et.. and receive
reward; payment stopped.
LOST— Bearskin bull, between Baden and city,
October 7, 1900. Return to Washington-st.
stable, bet. East and Drumm sts.; reward $5.
$100,000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARR19.
15 Grant ave.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS ' DA VIES, I22S Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully: positive cure
guaranteed at offjee; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use it; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treatad thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
ued at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. Moved 1013 Market
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' ¦ physician;
treatment. $5: private home; when ethere fall
consult fre« MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market st.
corner Slith.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable:
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
succea?; 13 years' practice in S. F.; low fees.
1007^ Market St.. near Sixth.
IMPORTANT notice for ladies— Help for the
poor; cure reduced from 13 to $2 50; every
woman her own physician; can.be sent and
Ufeed home. DR. PQPPER. 323 Kearny st
MRS. DR. WTETH'. reliable specialist: 26 yrs.'
practice; treatment, at -office. 13; any ail-
ment; consultation free; guaranteed. 942
Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; eend for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarlum. -704 Sacramento et, corner Kearny.-
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1033 Market— Ladies' spe-
clallst; safe and reliable; consultation free:
hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist 1118 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand r ~machlnery! m£
INTOSH & AVOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made-
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1923 Mission St.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac- >
tor}' at 628 and 630 Clay st. near Kearny, has
Just started; storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mail attended to.
A NEARLY new Yost typewriter/latest style.
$35; full worth $60;. write quickly for sample 1
of work. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. -^
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $3 '
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st. ; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en- '
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITE-LAW. 216 Spear st. :
ASK to see the $12 diamond stud, ask to see the
$15 diamond stud at UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.
FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT :
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
A— ICO HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill !
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
FREBH cow; gentle. 204 Congo at.. Sunnyslde.
HIGH-CLASS Irish setters; fancy pigeons
Glenmore Kennels. 2041 Linden St. Oakland.
AT -a bargain— Stock of second-hand goods in
good condition. 1425 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH Mfg. Co.
2C0-LIGHT dynamo, engine ! and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 618 Mission st
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stktn.
SAFES— *,-ew and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
nts bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. SaA Fran!
_ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A-CLOTHING. sealskins. Jewelry, etc bought-
will call. L. Bros.. 23 Stktn; phone BUCk mm.'
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. ii LT
WH1TEHEAD, 1710 Market st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothln* bought &
- sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsorn 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothins. bric-
a-brac and books. 100 Sixth St.; tel. Jeisle 141.
_ _ >U>rK V TO LO A .\.
ANY amount on furniture. pia^oTrwlthout""re^
moval or any other good security; payable
. back in installments or as * whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
. pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-63 Donohoe bids. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rites and easiest terms.
; Second Mortgages .. .
.>............ Interests in Estates !!!!."!!!
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts anil nixes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY._6a> Market st
A-MONEY.to loan at rates which people can
arrord to pay : on furniture. - pianos, etc. ; do
; not borrow of your friends or you will lot»c
their, friendship; do business with ' strangers
and you .will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable, private place : to obtain
I liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
, est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
at; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
MOTOT TO ILOAJr.
ANY amount at • per e»nt: 1st. td and Sd mort-
gagaa, undivided Interest, real estata In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought ; no d«-
lay; got my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAX. 84 Montgomery, r. «.
JLtTT proposition, any amount: • per eent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probata. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room IS, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A 01-SEX.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estat* and
estates; chattel mortgages: note* and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. ll Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
AT 128 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
ratea; taka elevator. Telephone Davis 9W.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 801 Jones st., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to bu'.M W.tS:
small monthly payments. HOME UU1LD1NU
COMPANY, tn Sansome St., room 2.
MONEY loaned salaried peop'e without s-curlty.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Kx.. 431 California.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos: 3 p<?r
cent; no removal; no comm'.s'n. 6 Eddy. r. St
TO salaried people without security; all bus!-
ness conSdentiaL Tousley Co.. 821 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan en furniture by private party:
low rate. 917 Market st., room L
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 53 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
tndorser. MORE-ELL. K03 Era miner building.
TO salaried people without collnteral or in-
domer. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b'.g.
MVSIOAL ISSTKl'MEXTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
have the privilege of exchanglns fcr cne of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time -within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A largs stze.
beautifully finished. fu!l-tone<J piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for flvs years, for
$330. J? cash and $8 per month. This is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY, Sole- Agent
Sohmer & Co.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Speil-
man and Hamilton Piancs. 2C8, 310. 212 Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights S6 cash, J5 per montii;
some good piancs for $3. H and 15 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts., Oakland.
WB sell the Decker St Son for the best, be-
cause it is the best. See and be convinced
at MAUVAiy. 769 Market St.
PACKARD pianos beat the world for th*
money. Large stock at MAUVAIS'. 763 Mar-
ket st.
YOU cannot afford to buy until our large stock
of new and second-hand pianos has been
examined. MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the client and larcest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. U,
28 and 30 O'Karr^ll St.. pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all prartes
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
See us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 OFar-
rell st; Chickering agency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonion music boxes.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best in the woritj;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary Mb
BEST rent stock in city; new stock; S3 per
month. gCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
HIGH-GRADf: piano, nearly new, J1S5. HEINE
Piano Co., 217 Geary st.
ELEGANT cabinet grand upright piano; sacri-
fice; leaving city. 334 GoMen Gate ave.
AT Dewlr.g's. 8CD Market— Three slightly us?<l
uprights. Steinway. Dewing. Chase Bros.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. ft
MULLER. maker, rerairer. ! Latham plac.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright. goo<1 as new. <»r..l
ether great bargains. BRUENN. 2C3 Post »t.
FINE 3-pe<Jal upright piano; sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st.
A cleaning out of planoa for storage; dirt chear>-
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Marke't.
AT KEEFFE"S. 933 Market st.. 4 eleTant~upT
r'ghts at your own price. Shrnlnger ajf?n< y.
A BARGAIN; must be- sold: nice upright yiani.
RCHMIT2. 16 McAllister st.. next Hih. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Pteck. Hartiman. On-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO. . 314 Post.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Cait.
1« pages, in wrapper, for mailing. It per rear.
OIL.
BACIIELOR T!l. .............!..... ;.".Wi"cts
Monarch of Arizona 40 cts
Gray Gander ............35 ct*
Lone Star 8 cts
Three States 7 ct.-»
Stock?, bond* and securities bought and nr>\,\
by PORTER & CHENEY. 530 California St..
San Krnneisco. Cal.
OIL LA.VDS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern RlTer~ne1d
for sale; no stock proposition; no wildcat
scheme; this Is sure territory in the largest
and best known field In California. If you
want to form a company buy good land on
the line of the railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN
& SOMES. S, C. MASON, agent. 11 Mont-
gomery st.
OFFICKS AND STORKS TO LET.""
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light sunny offices, $15 to $20 per month, with
light, heat, janitor and use of phone.
MEW store; offices upstairs; separate en-
trances; cheap. 624 Merchant, nr Hall of Jus.
5C6 SANSOME, handsome store, $10; 324 Pacific,
large 3tcre chea?.
LARGE elegant store and basement: »3 Va-
lencia St.. ne*- 2ist: business center.
PALMISTRY.
MUE, NEERGAARD. 700 Post ; teL Hyde 2933 •
hours 1 toi 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 513
Taylor nt. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted In dyeing and cleaning «•-
tabllshmant. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— Wife. 2S years oldrto llveHSTmintris
camp. Address P. O. box 833, Manvel, San
Bernardino County, Cal.
FRED MANN, powerful magnetic healer. Just
arrived; cures all kinds of diseases; descrip-
tive pamphlet sent free of charge. Sis Mc-
Allister st.
HYGENIC medicine; acute and chronic in-
valids cured and taught how to keep well.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 26^, Kearny st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South TVC.
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed;, uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty rt.ne vp-
holstery.. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 320 11th st.
LEDERER'S QuintonJca hair tonic Is sold at
Lion Drug Co.'s, Market and Stockton sts.:
25c bot: also at 123 Stockton st
ELECTRIC" lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Ttird st. near Market: 700 rooms;
2octn SI 50 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MME ADA wonderful gi'ted healer. 1104 Mar-
ket r 3 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism.
blindness, 'paralysis and all nervous diseases.
SL'ITS to order on installments; $13 upward: ?1
a waek. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St. ba-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
yVarV' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessio st
nORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds.
Paintings: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
BUY vour coal of LANGE & GOFF. mciftwirs
to WH. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto.; tel.autter CT6.
LEDERER Is the- popular hairdresser; styles
correct. 25c: switches $1 up; ornamenta wheat».
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous ¦ hair.
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 11U amwr.
SUITS to order frcm $15 up on easy payments.
The Richelieu. 700 Market st. near Geary.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo 5c pkg.: beat and
cheapest yet; best Is always cheapest
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tiilor-
lng Co.. Mkt. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD Fold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J- H- JENKEL. 817 Market St.
HAIR cuickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's curling fluid; -25c a bottle: druggist*.
ALFHEDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to It* natural color; $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothln,?. old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearay st
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to anv address In tha '
United States cr Cnnada cne year for $1.^
PHYSICIAN'S AX1> SURGEONS. •-
I>r7~C- C. O'DONNELL^Offlce and ratdencal
1021% Market at., between Sixth and Seventh.TO SAIL.
HOTEX, ARRIVALS.
PALACE
P D Quick. S Jose
Mrs J Skae, S Rafael
Miss Skae. S Rafael
H T Gage, S Rafael
P H Idol. Uklah
D B Dick. Toronto
Miss Davidson. Toronto
Miss Turnbull. Honolu
J Duenbrett, Honolulu
D Robinson. Seattle ¦
E Smith. Oroville
F Sutherland.* Oroville
F W Holls. N Y
J Young & w, Chicago
T L Smith. Vallejo
J Hatch, S Jose
E H Cox. Madera
C B Shaver. Fresno
Mrs P Evans, Englnd
F W Montgomery, NY
E Boggs & w. St Paul
H A Lay. Mass
W Ward, London
C Allen & w, L Ang
W H Romalne, N Y
W A Harris & w, L A
H L Harris, L Ang
Mrs Snyder, Montreal
A Linnan, vallejo
D Wallace & w. Cal
HOTEL.
Mrs T Flint Jr. Cal
J Glldersleeve, Stanfrd
F R Walker. Sacto
W C Scheckel. NT
R Francis. L Ang
J F Moore. N Y
H F Norcroes. L Ang
T J Field, Monterey
Mrs Field, Monterey
Miss Field. Monterey
Mrs Dunsmulr. B C
M Turrell, Stockton
J E Terry, Sacto
Mrs Terry. Sacto
J Tlllotson, England
P J Wlnser, England
Mrs Garland, L Ang
G Garland. L Ang
Mrs M York. L Ang
A M Bergevin, Chicago
J B Sharpe. N Y
W A Sherman. Utah
J B Roote. Butte
Dr Flint & w, 8 Juan
R Slngor, Australia
H H Rice. Boston
C Grove. Phila
Mrs Grove. Phlla .
R Thompson, Stanford
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Gardiner, R Vista
F F Nason, S, Diego
H M Reed. Reedley
F R Donald & w, Cal
O Z Hubbell, L Ang
T L Reed, Reedley
G B Harriett, Hanford
W H Waldron. USA
G Kaufman Olympla
O W Ross, Portland
F B Meyers, Ohio
W S Green & w, Cal
E A Boggs St w, Minn
W O Blasingame, Cal
C D Rooklldge. S Lake
Mrs W E Smith Napa
C H Nourburg, Sacto
D W Tltford, Kan City
C O Whale. Portland
C S King, Atchison
E Cox, Nev
J R McGriffln, L Ang
L R Poundstone, Cal
Mrs G S Easterday.Cal
Miss Eusterday, Cal
J D "Williams, Butte
J W Kaseburg, i Rossv
E3 Lockett, Coallnga
O F Atwood, Stockton
D F Sherman, Chicago
B Helmke. Humboldt
J W Bowen, Los Ang
F H Ramson, Portland
T F Mulligan, N T i
L B Dubols. Hot Sprgs
F A Bush. Albuquerque
J 8' King, Stanford
F W Bancroft, Stanfrd
C W Sell. Stanford
J D Ludwlg, Reddlns
Mrs C Ihrlg, Seattle
Miss J Ihrlg. Seattle
W Geary, Sacto
G W Price. Bakeretld
H Rives. Berkeley
Continued from Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. TJ. S. J».. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
October 26, 1900.
The time < ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped st exactly noon to-day—
1 ¦ •.. at noon of the 12Oth meridian, or st J
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich Ume^ cj^^^
Lieutenant Commander, U. 9. N.. in charge.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning* tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of the.
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or light hand column gives the last
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
ctven are in addition to the sounding* on tt>«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from th»
depth given by the charts. The plan* of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
SATCRDAT. OCTOBER 37.
Sun rises I »:S0
Sun sets 5:17
Moon sets 8:0T p. m.
United States Coast and Oeodetlo goi»«r—
Times and Heights of Hl«h and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at th*
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty*
five minutes later than at Fort Point: th«
height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tida.
Hale & ; Norcrs ; 25 26iUt{Ui'.. ......... OS 09
Julia >....V.;»o; — 03l Yellow. J»clset.' 16 ; 11
\ FRIDAY. Oct. M— 4 p. ra.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
AlDh* .......... 02 03 Justice ......... 04 05
Alt* .:. 02 03 Kentuck ....... 02 04
Andes ...07 . 09 Lady Wash : . . . — 03
Belcher ........ 15 -: 16 Mexican ....... 34 S3
Best & Belcher 27 28 Occidental ..... 08 10
Bullion ;. '•¦ 02 03 Ophlr .......... 83 85
Caledonia ...... 3« 89 Overman ....... 07 09
Chollar .. " ,J| Potost ,..;.: .16 .16
Challenge Oon. 14 15 Savage ....21 22
Confidence 60 65:Scorplon ". i — 05
Con Cal & Va.l 00 1 10-Segr Belcher ... 01 02
Con Imperial .. V 01 02] Sierra > Nevada. 26 27
Con New York. 01 —Silver, Hill. :....•: SO 32
Eureka Con ... — ! 45 'St Louis ....... ~— 12
Crovvn Point... • 10 - ' 12 Standard r ......3 60 3 75
Exchequer ..... 01 •¦¦ 02 Syndicate ...... 04 —
Gould & Curry -71 73 [Union ; Con ... 21 22
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchanee yesterday:
'- .. Mornin* Session.
600 Andes 07 200 Mexican 86
800 Belcher ........ 14 200 Mexican ...;... 34
600 Belcher Kl. 400 Ophlr .......... 83
400 Chollar ........ If «0 Ophir .:.... SI
200 Chollar 17 600 Overman OS
300 Con Cal & V.I 02V4 500 Union Con .... 21
400 Con Cal &,Va: 105
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ........ 15 .300 Ophlr ........... 84
100 Best & Belcher 27 300 Ophlr _.....-...,.-• 85
200 Chollar ........ 19 200 Sierra Nevada. 27
400 Gould & Curry- 70-200 Silver Hill 83
600 Justice.. ......... 04 ;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. Mornlne . Session.
800 Alts. ..„¦........" 03 100 Hale & Norers 84
600 Andes OS 300 Hale & Norors 23
200 Best & Belcher 26 100 Mexican 33
250 Con Cal & Va.l 05 250 Ophlr 81
100 Con Cal & Vafl 00 100 Overman ....... 08
100 Confidence 60 200 Savage ......... 20
100 Gould & Curry 69 400 Savage 19
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher IB 100 Ophir 84
600 Best St Belcher 27 COO Overman 07
900 Chollar I 8 500 Potosi 16
200 Con Cal & Va.l 05 600 Sava*e ..... 22
. 200 Gould & Curry 74 400 Sierra Nevada. ,' 27
100 Hale & Norcrs 20 : . 35 Sierra Nevada. 2S
100 Mexican ....... 35 ... ,
Mornlns Session.
Board— 1 . v
700 Cala-Standard „". M $5
100 Kl Dorado — 2 50
6V4 Hanford So 00
1,300 Independence 23
CO Kern River 18 75
10 Ban Joaquin Oil & Dev... 9 12%
Street — •
100 Home Oil ~— ....... 4 60
1,000 Independence, b SO 23 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 m Dorado ~....~..~.......... I 45
600 Four Oil Co. ~ 41
10 Hanford -....._. 86 00
400 Monarch of Arizona 42
tOO Beed Crude Oil Co. 61
400 Sterling O & D Co. I 9S
$7,000 Oceanic 8 S bonds „ 109 25
IS Pacific Gas Imp 62 60
85 Spring: Valley Water 83 25
Afternoon Session.
Board— !
110 Giant Powder Con ~...~ S3 60
400 Hana Plantation Co... 7 00
70 Honokaa B Co SO 25
U.CKK) Market-st R R Con Ea bonds US 50
$1,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 116 75
60 Padflo Gas Imp 62 75
Street— : ;\
" 46 Giant Powder Con 83 00
J1.000 Northern Cal Ry Bs t 112 00
18,000 Oakland Gas bonds -...109 75
$6,000 Oakland Transit Co 6a ...116 75
$10,000 Oceanic 8 8 bonds „ 10950
HO Spring: Valley Water 93 25
$1,000 S V 4s bonds (3d mtge) 102 60
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
of $211,771, > consisting? of $122,701 In Mexican
dollars, $5770 in gold coin and $S3,300 in silver
bullion. r ! ¦'¦¦ . '
Merchandise for Mexico.
The schooper General Banning cleared Thurs
day, for Mexico with' a cargo of merchandise,
valued at $22,835,- including the following:
2710 cs powder, 20 1 gals wine, ' 4 cs caps, S cs
paints and ; oils, 152.100 feet lumber, 50 pkg-s
mlllwood, . 847 pkga machinery, 824 cs hardware,
40 cs fuse, 200 cs candles. ;;
Merchandise for, China.
The German steamer Frankfurt sailed yester-
day for Taku with the following merchandise,
valued at HS.S70: ; v ' \
1360 bbls flour, 2323 bales hay, ES44 ctls oats.
The City of Peking took out a treasure list
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
, Shipping Merchants,
The Carl loads wheat at Portland for Europe,
45s, prior , to arrival ; the Jennie Wand, lumber
at i Eureka." for Honolulu ; the " Metha Nelson,
merchandise to Kahului : ' the Star of France,
lumber from Puget Bound to >' Algoa Bar, 76s
gdV Prior to arrival. .
Treasure Shipment.
NEWS 01" THE OCEAN.
ag-e Passengers for Honolulu.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of Pe
king was three hours late in getting away
for the Orient yesterday. Her 100 cabin
passengers were all ready to sail, but over
100 of the 130 Europeans in the Bteerage
would not take passage. Nearly all of
them were bound for the sugar planta
tions on Hawaii and there was a misun
derstanding about, their transportation.
According to their agreements some of
the men paid their own way and some
were forwarded at the expense of the
planters. When a.11 came together on the
Mail Company's wharf there was an in
terchange of notes and then all hands
went on strike. The' Question was argued
f>ro and con for three hours and then the
aborers qjult the wharf In a body and
the Peking went to bea. The* men and
women are of nearly every nationality on
earth, but nevertheless a bond of brother
hood ran through them all and the plan
tations will not see them until the plant
ers come to time. .
Among the cabin passengers on the City
of Peking were Charles T. Wilder, late
Hawaiian Consul General to San Francis
co, and Mr. and Mrs. IX C. Schweitzer.
Mrs. Schweitzer is the daughter of Rabbi
Voorsanger and she and her husband are
on their wedding tour. <
May Be a Suicide.
Edward Barry was discharged from the
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey
steamer Pathfinder, last week, and his
comrades now fear he has committed sui
cide.
The Pathfinder was formerly under
naval orders, but last month she was
transferred to the Coast and Geodetic
Survey. The crew was given a chance to
remain under the new state of affairs or
receive an honorable discharge. Barry
chose the latter course and was paid off
with $117. He went to the Winchester
House and after getting a room left $70 in
care of Rolken, the proprietor. Barry
went on a spree and yesterday morning
all his clothes, the key to his room and a
receipt for $70 were found on the end of
Howard-street wharf by Officer High
tower. The supposition is that Barry
jumped overboard.
Steamers "Were Barbound.
There were very few arrivals yesterday.
A northwester is blowing up the coast and
vessels cannot get out of the different
ports. The Empire and Arcata are bar
bound at Coos Bay, while the Dispatch
and Fulton can not venture out over the
Columbia River bar. The coasting schoon
ers are all delayed by the gale and in con
sequence it was a very quiet day on the
front. . _
Water Front Hotes.
The steamer Coos Bay did not gtt away
for southern ports until 4 p, m. yesterday.
There was a rush of freight that kept her
several hours behind time.
Captain A. Olsen has taken command of
the schooner J. B. Leeds.
The following has been issued by the
Lighthouse Inspector.
Notice is hereby given that the first-class can
buoy -red and black horizontal stripes, on the
northwest side of the wreck of the ship May
Flint in San Francisco harbor, California, re
cently dragged out of position by a scow, has
been replaced In its original position, about 800
yards NE. % N. from the end of the- Pacific
Mail dock. The buoy is in eleven fathoms of
water.
William Luhrke, a bartender, was ar
rested for obtaining money under false
pretenses . on the front yesterday. He se
cured several boxes of cigars and some
cases of liquors from merchants on the
pretense that they. were for a well known
saloon-keeper. He was locked up in the
Harbor police station.
CITY OF PEKING SATT.B.
She Leaves Behind Most of Her Steer-
THE new steel barkentlne Hawaii,
built at Dumbarton. Scotland, for
Hind, Rolph & Co., is now on her
way to Newcastle, N. S. W., with
a general cargo. At Newcastle
Bh» wllf load coal for South America
and from Iquique she will bring a cargo
of nitrate to San Francisco. It was with
no desire to slight the Pacific Coast that
Hind. Rolph & Co. went to England for
their new ship. They wanted vessels and
wanted them immediately for the coast
ing and Australian trade and not a build
er on the coast would accept the contract.
All of them were overiun with work and
from San Francisco to Puget Sound not a
ship builder would look at a contract that
called for delivery in 1300. In consequence
the order for the Hawaii was sent to
Scotland.
The Hawaii Is 206 feet long. 42 feet beam
and 17 feet 9 inches deep. She is com
manded by Captain McLeod, formerly of
the brig Lurline. The donkey engines and
nearly all of the internal fittings of the
ship were built in San Francisco and
shipped to Scotland. The Hawaii will
carry 1600 tons of sugar or l,20u,000 feet of
lumber.
JLOXUVSIO,
Friday, October M.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 63 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Iaqus, Bash. 36 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. U hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Luetla, Madsen. 49 hours from San
Pedro.
Etmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. IS hours from
Seattle. -
Stmr Newsboy. Landqulst. 21 hours from
Csal.
Schr Fortuna, Luberg. 2 days from Eureka.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, 26 hours from
Bowena Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday. October 2ft.
Stmr Coos Bay, Kop«nder, San Pedro 1 ; Oood
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Peking", Smith, Hongkong, eto;
P M S S CO. >
Ger stmr Frankfurt. Malehow. TsJra; W R
Grace & Co.
Br stmr Warfield. PatU*, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Cbemalnns; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.*
Br bark Inveramaay, Crombi*. Queenstowax
G W McNear.
Schr Halcyon, Mellln. Mazatlan and La
Faz, via Fort Bragg:; Hlckman & Masterson.
. BAILED!...' A -
Friday. October ts.
Stmr City of Peking 1 , Smith. Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopander. Newport.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Crus.
Stmr Iaqua. Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Luella. Madsen. Caspar.
Ger stmr Frankfurt, Malchow, Taku.
Bark Coryphene, Davis, Port Townsend.
Barge tanta Paula, Nielsen. San Pedro, In
tow of tuc Rescue.
• Schr Sailor Boy, Nielsen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct K, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity ( miles.
DOMESTIC. PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Del Norte.
hence Oct 23.
Sailed Oct 25— Schr Bva, for * Oct it, at
10:30 a m— Stmr Eureka, for San Francisco.
Sailed Oct 26— Stmrs Eureka. North Fork and
Brunswick, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 28 — Stmr Pomona, hence. Oct 25.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 26 — Stmr Homer,
from Eureka.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Noyo, hence Oct 23.
NEAH BAY— Passed In Oct 26— Stmr Signal,
from Cape Nome, for Seattle; bark Highland
Light, from Lahaina, for Port Townsend.
Passed out Oct 25— Ship Hawaiian Isles, from
Chemalnus, for Melbourne; schr W H Talbot,
from Port Gamble, for Sydney: ships John C
Potter and Jabea Howes, from Tacoma, for
Honolulu ; stmr Progreso. from Tacoma, for
San Francisco; Ger ship Wilhelmlna, from
Hastings Mill, for Delagoa Bay.
COOS BAY— Barbound Oct 26— Stars Arcata
and Empire.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 26— Schr Sehone. cne
Oct 15: schr Marion, from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 26— Schr F 8 Redfleld. for Ean
Pedro. .
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 28— Br shin
Dunrescran. from Honolulu: U 8 stmr Lawton.
from Nome: bktn Quickstep, from Hllo; Ger
ship Parchim, from Nagasaki.
Sailed Oct :&-Sh!p Hawaiian Isles, for Mel
bourne.
Arrived Oct 2«— Br ship Palgrav*. from Hlogo.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr . Alcazar,
from Greenwood; stmr Santa Barbara, hence
Oct 22 . - ' - • • ' •
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 25— Jap stmr Klnshlu
Maru, from Yokohama: -U S stmr Manning, for
Nome. Oct 26— Schr Nokomis. from Port Town
send -US stmr Lawton. from Nome.
BOW.ENS LANDING— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr
Navarro, for San Francisco.'
NOME—Balled Oct W—Stmr Robert Dollar,
for Seattle.
In port Oct 15— Stmr Roanoke. strar St Paul,
stmr Cleveland, stmr • Ore«on-
ST MICHAEL— In port Oct 11— Stmr Kvarven,
stmr Seward, stmr Ellhu Thomsen.
UNALASKA-In port Oct 19-Shlp Hecla.
DUTCH HARBOR— In port Oct 19— Ship S D
Carlton. ship Louis Walsh, U S stmr Patter
son, stmr Newport, stmr South Portland, stmr
Valencia, stmr Robert Dollar.
» EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Oct
25— Ship St Frances, from Honolulu, for Phila
delphia. ¦ • - "^WIMMWW^iS^^HBS^j-. -
FOREIGN : PORTS.
. CALETA BUENA— Arrived Oct IS— Schr Nor
elty. from Port Blakeley.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 26— Ger bark Usbeth,
from Tacoma. •-" -
B1RKENHEAD — Arrived Oct 26— Br ship
Chlltonford. hence June It. 'vadtofStagaMU
. FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 26— Br ship Holy
wood, from Seattle, and ordered to Birkenhead.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 25— Ger ship Peru, from
Shipping Intelligence.
The steamship City of Peking sailed yester
day for the Orient with a general cargo, valued
at $196,191. manifested as follows: For China.
$68.2S3; Japan. $75,990; Manila. $46,076: East
Indies. $1902; Korea, $3185; Vladivostok. $722.
The following were the principal shipments:
For China— 1340 gals bottled beer. 1S60 bbls
beef. 4 cs books, 13,350 lbs coffee, 6 ea confec
tionery, 4073 lbs cheese, SSS ca canned goods. T
cs drugs, 1S9 bxs fruit, 8515 bbla flour, 1290 pkgs
groceries and provisions. S3 bxa lemona. 1260 lbs
lard. 2005 lbs millstuffa, 10 pkga machinery. 45
cs oil, 2016 lbs oleomargarine. 5600 lbs pearl
barley, 415 era potatoes, 14 cs rubber goods. 3400
lbs rice, 134 stoves, 502 cs soap, 60 cs 1 bbl
whisky.
For Japan — 19 cs arms and ammunition, 243
lbs bread, 600 bbls beef, 9 cs confectionery, 9SS
cs canned , goods, 343S lbs dried fruit, 24 cs
electrical goods, 30.000 lbs fertilizer, E633 bbls
flour, 1Z6S pkgs groceries and provisions, 21 cs
hardware, 9 bdls hose. 4500 lbs lard. 200 bbls
liquors, 63 rolls leather, 106 ca lamp goods, T
pkgs machinery, 1739 lbs 17 cs millstuffa, 217
pes plate steel, 6 cs phonograph goods, 12 cs
rubber goods, 19 cs raisins, 11.S24 lba sugar, 10
ca salmon, 2 bbls 10 cs whisky, 223 gals wine.
For Manila — 3060 cs liquors. 4 cs gas fixtures,
2500 crs potatoes, 1300 crs onions, 125 cs fruit.
43 pkgs machinery, 13 cs photo goods. S cs
.notions. 9 ceks ginseng. 855 cs whisky, 10 cs
soap, 330 cs canned goods, 11 pkgs electrical
supplies. SI cs hardware, 2 cs books, 20 cs beer.
For East Indies— 34 pkgs hams, 1800 lbs lard,
85 cs canned goods, 1 cs assay goods, 4 cs
hardware.
For Korea— 174 pkgs groceries and provisions,
63 pkgs machinery, 4 cs hardware. 4 cs sta
tionery.
For Vladivostok— 78 ca groceries and provi
sions.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The British bark Iveramsay cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 23,970 bbls
flour, valued at I79.J0O, and 20.000 feet lumber
dunnage, valued at $300. Total value, $79,800.
The cargo of the J. C. Pfluger, which ship
sailed from this port on July 9 and returned In
distress, la Included In the above manifest.
Shipment of Hour.
S29 ctls bran and an electrical plant to be used
for light and ventilation, valued at $3000.
Chemalntu. for Southampton. Oat S8— Br sStly
Forthbank, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
HIOGO— Sailed— Br ship Leicester Castle, for
Oreron.
QUEENSTOWN — ArrlTed Oct Z«— Br Bar*
Sierra Pedrosa. henc«kJun* L Oct X5— Br snip
Achnachle, from Taooma.
Sailed Oct 23— Br ship Kensington, far Hull:
Br snip Chlltonford. for Blrkenhead: Br bark
Lyd^ate. for Havr*.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 29— Br «ehr Farortt*
from sealtncr cruise, 200 skins.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct •—Nor stmr Bw
genhus, from Hongkong. Oct 23 — Stair City or
Rio de Janeiro, hence Oct 2.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 24— Br •hip Britlafe
General, from Punta Lobes.
BRISTOL— Arrived Oct 25— Br bM» Aspic*,
from Oregon.
OUAYMAS— Arrived Oct J— fl« snip Tarpen
bek, from Ac&pulco.
NAGASAKI— Arrtved Oct »— Br stmr Almond
Branch, from Manila. •
KINSALE— Passed Oct K— Br snip Stem
Pedrosa. hence Jun» 1. for Queenstown.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PORT ARTHUR— Arrived prior to Oct «*-
Stmr Eldsvold. from San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Arrived Oot M-Stmx ruersi
Bismarck, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 25— 8tmr Serrta.
from New York. Oct M— Stmr Bovtc from
New York. _ .
Sailed Oct 28-Stmr Georglo, for New Tor*.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct M— Stmr ttt
can'.a. from New York.
Sailed Oct 26— Stmr New England, from mt
errool. for Boston.
MANILA— Sailed Oct »— Stmr Kentnek. for
Seattle.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Btat* of
Nebraska, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Balled Oot 18— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from Hamburg, for New Tork,
via Caerbours.
BOSTON— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr BylvsaU.
from Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived ,Oct 2*-Stmr He«
perla. from Naples, eto; stmr Campania, from
Liverpool and Queenstown: stmr Oraf Walder
se«, from Hamburg. Boulogne and Plymouth.
Steamer Movement.
TO ARRIVE.
THE HAWAII ON # HER WAY FROM ENGLAND TO AUSTRALIA. FROM NEWCASTLE, N. B. W.. BHB "WTLX. GO
TO IQUIQUIE, WHERE SHE WILL BE PUT UNDER THE CHILEAN FLAG, AND .FROM THERE SHE WILL
COME TO SAN FRANCISCO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1900.
NEW STEEL BARKENTINE FOR
THE PACIFIC COAST TRADE
13
Steamer.
From.
Due.
State of Cal Portland 'Oct. XI
Geo. "W. Elder.. Portland -.. Oct. 27
Robt. Adamaon Sar.ilmo ¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦'¦ Oct. t%
Cleona Tlllamook. ................ Oct. 23
Empire Coos Bay j"i - ' i Oct. 23
Arcata Coos Bay........ — Oct. 33
Newburg San Pedro Oct. 23
Wellington •••• Oyster Harbor Oct. 23
Czarina Seattle Oct. 23
Bonlta Newport ........„_ Oct. 23
Progreso Tacoraa Oct. 23
Chas. D. Lane. Seattle Oct. 23
Pomona Eureka................... Oct. 23
Mlneola Tacoma. .................. Oct. 23
Walla Wall*... Victoria ~. Oct. 23
W. H. Kruger.. Gray* Harbor Oct. 29
Alliance Portland Oct. 29
Coqullle RlTer.. Grays Harbor Oct. 29
Curacao Mexico. Oct. 30
Santa Rosa. Sas Diego Oct. 10
Willamette .... Seattle Oct. 30
Tellus Oyster Harbor —. Oct. 30
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. SI
Eurrica Humboldt Oct. SI
Columbia Portland 'Sot. I
Tttanla Xanalzno Not. 1
Point Arena... Point Arena Nor. 1
Coos Bay Newport «... Nor. 1
Acapnlco New York Not. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 2S. 9 am
Corona .... San Diego..... Oct. 38. 11 am
City Puebla Victoria Oct. 28. U am
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 2S, » am
Colon New York Oct. ». 13 m
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 29, S pm
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. SO, t pm
New-burg ..Grays Harbor Oct. 30. S pm
O W Elder. Portland Oct. SO, 11 am
Bonlta Newport Oct. SO, (in
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Oct. 30. IS m
Arcata .... Coos Bay...... Oct. 30. 12 ra
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 30. 4 pm
Alameda .. Australia Oct. 31, 9 pm
Czarina ... Seattle Oct. 51, 10 am
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Oct. 31, 5 pm
Santa Rosa! San Diego Nov. 1, 11 am
Australia .|Tahltl Nov. 1. 6 pm
Alliance ... [Portland .. N*or. 1.
Bencenhusi .1 China & Japan Nov. X 10 am
Walla W.-lVlctorta Not. 2.11am
Rainier ...(Seattle Not. 2, ......
Plar II
Pl«r U
Pier »
Pier I
PMSS
PIT S
Pier •
Pier 1»
Pier 24
PlerU
Pier 13
Pl«r W
Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier I
Plar t
Pier 11
Pier T
Pier St
Pier 27
Pter »
I
a Time Time
P Ft.
9 H W I. W
n ... J:41 ~Tl «:54
S ... 3:33 4.4 7:50
» ... 4:27 4.S 3:53
tO ... S:l< 4.7 10:20
II ... 6:03 4.9 lt:36
1 ... 1:47 5.2 12:42
L W H W
1 ... ©:« 1.1 7:30
I Time
Ft. Ft.
H W
"To 12:45 ~T5
5.1 1:31 S.I
3.2 2:30 , 4.9
3.2 3:45 4.7
2.7 102 4.5
2.1 6:38 4.5
L W
8.4 1:40 1.4
Ft.
Ft.
I« W
1:00 Ifll
»:» 0.1
»:4S 0.3
10:43 0.5
UU2 0.3
HW
- 7:S0 «.«
Steamer.
From.
Due.
State of Cal Portland 'Oct. XI
Geo. "W. Elder.. Portland -.. Oct. 27
Robt. Adamaon Sar.ilmo ¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦'¦ Oct. t%
Cleona Tlllamook. ................ Oct. 23
Empire Coos Bay j"i - ' i Oct. 23
Arcata Coos Bay........ — Oct. 33
Newburg San Pedro Oct. 23
Wellington •••• Oyster Harbor Oct. 23
Czarina Seattle Oct. 23
Bonlta Newport ........„_ Oct. 23
Progreso Tacoraa Oct. 23
Chas. D. Lane. Seattle Oct. 23
Pomona Eureka................... Oct. 23
Mlneola Tacoma. .................. Oct. 23
Walla Wall*... Victoria ~. Oct. 23
W. H. Kruger.. Gray* Harbor Oct. 29
Alliance Portland Oct. 29
Coqullle RlTer.. Grays Harbor Oct. 29
Curacao Mexico. Oct. 30
Santa Rosa. Sas Diego Oct. 10
Willamette .... Seattle Oct. 30
Tellus Oyster Harbor —. Oct. 30
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. SI
Eurrica Humboldt Oct. SI
Columbia Portland 'Sot. I
Tttanla Xanalzno Not. 1
Point Arena... Point Arena Nor. 1
Coos Bay Newport «... Nor. 1
Acapnlco New York Not. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 2S. 9 am
Corona .... San Diego..... Oct. 38. 11 am
City Puebla Victoria Oct. 28. U am
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 2S, » am
Colon New York Oct. ». 13 m
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 29, S pm
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. SO, t pm
New-burg ..Grays Harbor Oct. 30. S pm
O W Elder. Portland Oct. SO, 11 am
Bonlta Newport Oct. SO, (in
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Oct. 30. IS m
Arcata .... Coos Bay...... Oct. 30. 12 ra
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 30. 4 pm
Alameda .. Australia Oct. 31, 9 pm
Czarina ... Seattle Oct. 51, 10 am
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Oct. 31, 5 pm
Santa Rosa! San Diego Nov. 1, 11 am
Australia .|Tahltl Nov. 1. 6 pm
Alliance ... [Portland .. N*or. 1.
Bencenhusi .1 China & Japan Nov. X 10 am
Walla W.-lVlctorta Not. 2.11am
Rainier ...(Seattle Not. 2, ......
Plar II
Pl«r U
Pier »
Pier I
PMSS
PIT S
Pier •
Pier 1»
Pier 24
PlerU
Pier 13
Pl«r W
Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier I
Plar t
Pier 11
Pier T
Pier St
Pier 27
Pter »
I
a Time Time
P Ft.
9 H W I. W
n ... J:41 ~Tl «:54
S ... 3:33 4.4 7:50
» ... 4:27 4.S 3:53
tO ... S:l< 4.7 10:20
II ... 6:03 4.9 lt:36
1 ... 1:47 5.2 12:42
L W H W
1 ... ©:« 1.1 7:30
I Time
Ft. Ft.
H W
"To 12:45 ~T5
5.1 1:31 S.I
3.2 2:30 , 4.9
3.2 3:45 4.7
2.7 102 4.5
2.1 6:38 4.5
L W
8.4 1:40 1.4
Ft.
Ft.
I« W
1:00 Ifll
»:» 0.1
»:4S 0.3
10:43 0.5
UU2 0.3
HW
- 7:S0 «.«
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 4&.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission stt
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., -storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Fillmore et.; phone Jackson 28L
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second band; large
display; very cheap. 927 Market, room 220.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
C W. Max Forsatz, 35, 216 Minna street, and
Martha O'Donnell. 28, 216 Minna street.
Robert E. Scott, 80, city, and Viola Clcland,
tl, city,
Andrew J. Lowell, 28, Westport, Cal., and
Rose E. Dunn, 28, Westport. CaL
Simon W. Lake. 28, Chicago, » and Agnes
Clarke, 20, Colusa.
Jacob S. Meyer, 24, 224 Sixth street, and Jen-
nie Cook, 21, M3A Jackson street.
.GE LICENSES.
BORN.
BRANCH— In this city, October 25, 1900, to the
wJfe of A, W. Branch, a daughter.
MOSES— In this city, October 19. 1900, to the
wife of Max Moses, a son.
SULLIVAN-In this city. October 17, 1800. to
the wife of Thomas X. Sullivan, a son.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
HILL-CARLSON-In this city. October 25,
1900, by the Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterlus, pas-
tor of Evangelical Lutheran Ebenezer Church,
Albert A. Hill and Amanda J. Carlson, both
of St. Paul, Minn.
LOWELL-DUNN— In this city, October 26,
1900, by the "Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Andrew Jackson Lowell and Rose E. Dunn,
both of Westport, Mendoclno County, Cal.
SCHENCK— GAFNBY— In this city. October 20,
1&0C, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Harvey
Schenck and Mae Gafney.
SHURTLEFF— SUTTON— In this city. October
25, 1&00, by the Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller, Roy
U. Shurtleff and Anna E. Button, both of
San Francisco.
MAUKJED.
Jake Pope, Mrs. Anna E rickwed el, Mrs. Meta
Slamberg, Mrs. Lena Hlnck and Mrs. Kate
Haack, a native of Rinstadt, Germany, aged
62 years. . :
' C7Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
-(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the • parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, • under the
auspices of Germania Stamm No. 83, U. . O.
.¦ R. M. Interment I. O. 0. F. Cemetery.
RYAN— In Berkeley, October 24. 1900, William,
s beloved husband of Mary A. Ryan, and father
of W. A. Ryan, a native of Maryland, aged 79
years 9 months and 29 days.
E7"The funeral will take place from B'nai
B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy street, to-morrow (Sun-
day), under the auspices of Lincoln Post No.
1, G. A. R. Comrades of the Grand Army
and Companions of the Loyal Legion are re-
quested to attend. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. Remains at the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29
Fifth street. San Francisco.
RYDER — In Randsburg. Harry J, Ryder,
youngest son of the late C. B. and Ellen T.
Ryder, a native of San Francisco. '¦ £:?
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SCHULZ— In this city, October 23. 1900. Wil-
. helm Schulz, beloved father of. William F.
- and Charles A. Schulz, a native of Ger-
many,' aged 66 years 2 months and 10 days.
A member of Vereln Eintracht; San Francisco
Lodge No. 1. O. d. H. S., and TriumphfLodge
No. 180. A. O. U. W. ~ -.
E7Tte funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'olock, at Vereln
Elntraoht Hall. 237 Twelfth street, under the
auspices of Verein Eintracht. Interment Odd"
Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister street.
SMITH— In San Joee, October 24, ' 1900, Eliza-
beth D.,wlfe of the late William Smith, and
beloved mother of Mrs. Laura Delaney, Mrs,
' Ama Burgoyne, Mrs. May Ironsides and
George Smith, a native of Frederlcktown.
Mo., aged 73 years S months and 17 days.
ICXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. Laura Delaney, Lin-
coln avenue, San Jose, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a high requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock.. Interment Oak Hill
Cemetery. ¦ - •
SWEENEY— In this city, October 25, 1S00,
Michael, beloved husband of Mary Sweeney,
and father of Mrs. D. F. Ragan, Mrs. T.
O'Brien, Mrs. E. Burns, Mrs. M. Miller and
Sophia and Eugene Sweeney, a -native of
County Westmeath, Ireland, aged 73 years.
(EXFriends of the : family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral this day (Sat-
urday), at 8 o'clock, from. his late residence,
1515 Pine street/ thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a solemn requiem mass will be
' celebrated for the repose of his . soul, com-
mencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WAHLQUIST— In this city, October 25, 1900,
Frederick, beloved husband of the late Mary
Wahlquist, and father of William and Chris-
tine Wahlquist and Mrs. W. Haynes, a na-
tive of Hawn, Sweden, aged 70 years and 2
months.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks, undertaker. " 957
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth,
where the services will be held I under tha
auspices of Eureka Lodge No. 9. . K. of P.
WIGGERS— In this city, October 25. 1900. Har-
old, beloved husband of Clara Wlggers, and
dearly beloved father of Mrs. > D. W. Spald-
ing and Tillie and Gertrude Wlggers, a native
of Holstein, Germany, aged 78 years 10
months and 10 days. (Stockton and Sacra-
mento papers please copy.)
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Euhr &¦ Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. .O.
Q. F. Cemetery. ' ' ¦
I (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from Steimke Hall.
Octavia street, near Union, under the aus-
pices of PreBldlo Lodge No. 334, I. O. O. F.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riages. Remains at the parlors of the Cali-
fornia Undertaking Company, 40S Powell
street, near Poat.
EMERY— In this city, October 25. 1900, Henry
T. Emery, beloved husband of Meleta Em-
ery, a native of Eastport, Me.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonio
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Oriental Lodge No. 144,
F. and A. M. Interment L O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
GODFRET— In this city. October 2«, 1900, Ara-
bella D, Godfrey, widow of the late James T.
Godfrey of New York City, aged 67 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
jn7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, October 29, at 10 o'clock, at Trin-
ity Church, corner Gough and Bush streets.
HARTZ— In this city, October 26, 1900, Meta
Hartz, beloved wife of the late Carl H, Hartz,
and mother of Mrs. . P. S. Carlson, Mrs. C.
Larson, Mrs. C. Itogers, Mrs. C Gustafson
and Henry and the late Louis Grotheer, a
native of Amt Dorum, Germany, a*red 62
years 10 months and 7/ days. (Neenah, Wls.,
papers please copy:) • 2
(C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1510 Bryant avenue, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth streets, i Interment L
O. O. F. Cemetery.
HINDES — In this city. October 26. 1900. Mary
F-, wife of Edward B. Hlndes.
ICT'Services will be held at 1:30 o'clock at
the chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery this day
(Saturday). Interment private. No flowers.
HUGHES- In this city, October 28, 1900, Amelia
J., beloved wife of Martin Hughes, mother of
James J. Hughes, and niece of Margaret
Stevens and Rose Anna Kane, a native of
Boeton. Mass., aged 45 years and 12 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, B22H Shotwell street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth, Howard and Folsom,
thence to 8t. Charles Borromeo's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. October 26, 1900; Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Kelly, and father
of Esther Kelly, a native of Iele of Man,
aged 43 years 8 months and 24 days.
LAW— In this city. October 28, 1900, Florence
L. beloved daughter of Jennie Law, and sis-
ter of Mary Law, a native of Canada.
(C7-Funeral this day (Saturday), - at S
o'clock, from her late residence, 628 Geary
street. Interment private. .
McGOWAN— In this city, • October 28, 1900. Ann
McGowan. a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sat'-irday). at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of 3. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of' her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
10:40 o'clock train, from Third and Townsend
streets.
MAGUIRE— In this city, October 25, 1900, Han-
nah T., beloved wife of John Magulre, mother
of Roue and Peter Magulre, sister of Michael,
Daniel, Mark, Charles and Ellen Hurley, and
daughter of the late Mark and Hanora Hur-
ley, a native of Boston,. Mass., aged 36 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence ; to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
OLSEN— In this city, October 23, 1900. Police
Officer Louis T. Olsen. beloved brother of
William Olsen, Mrs. Eoese and Mrs. Wlck-
strom, a native of Norway, aged E2 years and
3 months. (Chicago papers please copy.)
[E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Castagnetto & Ravenna, 643 and 645 Vallejo
street. Interment Masonio Cemetery.
POPE— In this city. October 25, 1900, Wiillam
Pope, beloved brother • of ; Ben, . George < and
C7" Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Sundayt. at 2 o'clock, at the funeral parlors
of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
EDGAR— In Agnews, October 34, 1900. Robert
W.. beloved husband of Julia Edgar, and
father of Mrs. William Lobban. a native of
Er.gland. aged S4 years. A member of Presi-
dio Lodge No. 334, I. O. O. F.. and Golden
Gate Encampment No. 1, I. O. O. F.
JET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 714 Clement street, between
Eighth and Ninth avenues, Richmond dis-
trict. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
11:80 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
BOLTS— In* Manila, P. I., September 4, 1900, of
typhoid fever. Richard Carroll Bolts, dearly
beloved sun of John F. and Sarah A. BolU.
and beloved brother of John F., Martin C.
and Ruth S. Bolts, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 19 years 8 months and 11 days.
Formerly a member of Company D, First
California Regiment. U. 8. V. •
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:39 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1030 Fifty-fifth street. Golden Gate,
Cal., thtnee to Third and Townaend streets,
11:30 o" clock train. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
BARBICH— In this city, October 26, 1900, Grace
Mildred Marie, only child of Antone and Lucy
Uarbich, and niece of James, William and
Frank Frizell, aged 9 months and 18 days.
BAUM— In this city, October 25. 1900, Russell
George, beloved son of George S. and Estella
G. Ji.iuni. a native of Sonora, Tuolumne
County, Cal., aged 6 years 3 months and 14
days.
ANSON— In Golden Gate. Cal., October 23. 1900,
Frank, beloved hurband of Jennie C. Anson,
father of Frank, Madeline and Jennie Anson.
and brother of John and Harry Anson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 35 years.
DIED.
Anson, Frank McGowan. Ann
Barbich, Grace M. M. Magulre. Hannah T.
Baum. Russell O. Olsen, Louis T.
Bolts, Richard C Pope, William
Edgar. Robert W. Ryan. William
Emery. Henry T. -Ryder. Harry J.
Godfrey, Arabella D. Bchulz. Wilhelni
Hartz, Meta Smith. Elizabeth D.
Hlndes. Mary F. Sweeney, Michael
Hughes, Amelia J. Wahlquist. Frederick
Kelly, Thomas Wlggers, Harold
Law, Florence L.
H BN RYJ. G ALL AG H ER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagan ' & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
- Telephone South £0.
A man mar select his own companion*,
but bis relations axe thrust uoon aim.
An lona, Mich ,-voman has reversed th«
usual order of things by inserting an ad*
vertlsement in the local papers warning
people against trusting her husband, as
she will not be responsible for the pay-
ment of any debts of bis contracting.
HEAL ESTATE CITY FOR «AI.F2.
O~ H. UMBSEN & CO.. ~
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION! VV
At cur Salesroom, Monday, November 5, 1000, at
12 O'clock Noon.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
Partition EUe.
NW*. cor. Jackson and Druinm cts.; Improve-
ments oontlst of 6 stores and lodging-house
rented to one tenar.t: .1120 per month: lot-MxK).
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Administrator's Sale. ¦
411 and <:s Hayes ft., near Octavla: flat of I
rooms and bath, coal yard and stable; rests {53
per month: lot £5x129 to rear street; subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
An undivided hsJf interest In the following 2
properties, subject to confirmation by the court:
NO. L
B4L 643 and 645 Haight St., B. line, near Pill-
more rt. : 3 2-story bay-window houses of 7
ronmi and bath each: rents ITS per month; ce-
ment walks; street accepted; lot 60x120 to rear
e'ject.
NO J.
Market St.. S. line. bet. Noe and Castro sts.;
this choice lot Is well situated and rapidly be-
coming choice business property; lot 82:10x131.
irregular.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
1129 Green at.. 6. line, near Fillmore st.:
choice modern residence of 14 rooms and S
baths; commanding a marine view; lot 23. Sx
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
22. 24 and £fi Mary et.. near eth and Mission
tir. : 3 two-story houses of 6 rooms each; al-
ways rented; rents J42 per month; with little
outlay tht-se rents could be considerably, im-
proved; lot 40x76:2.
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT.
CS2 and £S2V» Bryant St.. N. line, near Sd St.;
2 flats of S rooms and bath each: rents T29 per
month: street accepted; lot surveyed and title
guaranteed by the California Title and Insur-
ance Co. ; lot 2SrS3.
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
12 Morris ave.. bet. Harrison and Bryant, Eth
and 6th sts.; Improvements consist of 8 flats of
< rooms each; rents IZ1 per mont£: cement slde-
wa'k; street accepted; bank mortgage of 51250
at < t>er cent can remain.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTT.
SSRS and S9S7 Seventeenth St., near Junction of
Market and Castro sts.: this desirable business
property consists of store and rear cottage;
street accepted by the city; lot 60x100.
CHOICE MARKITT-ST. LOT.
Market st.. N. line, near Church et.; lot SSx
126. irregular; street bltuminized and accepted
by the city. '~
For further particulars apply at our office,
G H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st-
THOS. MAGEE & BOW^^^ 6T<
Corner of OTarrell and Gough «ta.; 27:6 by
'"Thj-eTlots on O'Farrell «t-, near Goughj 27:6
Z 27:« by M «~
Lot on Gough rt.: 30 by 110; K0O0.
Both streets bltuminiied; artificial stone side-
walks laid; electric cars passing.
IF you have well-located property in the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
you really want to sell, then call on the under-
signed. W. J. GUNN, 630 California et.
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Then,
call on \V. J. GUN'X. HI California st.
SACRIFICE— VC50: house, 10 rooms; lot 25x137:
cheap El $."*W>: 17)5 Eddy, St., bet. Pierce and
Scott; n.ust be sold.
j^S-Xt— GREAT sacrifice: two-etory house, 9
rooms and bath; lot 2Sxl25; terms to suit.
PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market St.
MAKE offer— Let Jfx^O: 49 Juniper Et., off Fol-
Eom bet. Tenth and Eleventh. Address box
SS«, CaU office.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, ser.t to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
a~bargain'""
$12^0-* acres: eplendid view; adj. Bay Villa;
1 hour from San Francisco; 30 minutes to Oak-
land; two R. R. stations, one Santa Fe. adj.;
boose and bams. Call or address H. G. F.
DOHRMAN. Stege. Contra Costa County.
f3?.:.0f— SACRIFICE; income fruit ranch near
Kay-wards: fine impts.; offer wanted. Lay-
ttinr.ee Real Estate Co., 460 Sth st.. Oakland.
TO LET— A email ranch In San Mateo County;
suitable for chickens. 404 Carolina St., Potrero.
CHEAPEST and ben in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Unlfd Ftate* or Canada one year for II.
Heal estate wanted.
A FMALL farm, near town; no agents. Box
tXX. Call offlc*.
ULAL BSTATB TO BXCUAAGB.
NEW <-ottage, < rms.. bath; lot 50x100; Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lots. 413 Kearny st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.'
J22i!>— AUCTION price; finest modern 6-room
cottage in Alameda: perfect plumbing; fine
location; 2 blocks from station & high school;
fa:r terms. A. Q. Burns, 1501 Park, Alameda.
EXCHANGE.
FINE coal yard for rent; eultable for milk
depot or express or stables. Apply 2101 Cen-
tral ave.. Alairteda. «
»^^ — — i^^ — — — —^—
HOUSES TO LET FURXISHED.
LGWEK part of house, elegantly furnished;
b*yt location. 21C1 Central ave.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
2-FTORY house, mantel, bath, pantry, large
cloeetf, barn, fruit trees, windmill and tanks,
Kood well water; 2 blocks from electric cars;
lot COxlVt feet; price J1600; $100 cash, balance
$-¦ monthly; this is a snap; must be sold.
OELI.ERICH &. PERKINS, Lorln e tat Ion,
Berkeley. ;-. ¦. I. -"
6-ROOM modern cottage. 2 bay windows, 8-foot
basrnifnt: well water; barn; fruit trees and
ehldceh houne; near *l«ctric cars; price $1900;
1400 cash, balar.ee tl5 monthly, or will ex-
change for Improved lots. OELLERICH &.
PERKINS, Lorin etatlon, Berkeley.
i LARGE bay-window modern cottage; 7-foot
basement; lot £1x130 feet; pood well water;
barn; nice flower garden; electric cars pass
door; only 2 blocks from railroad station;
price $1400; (200 cash, balance SIS monthly.
Why pay rent when you can buy a home on
¦uch eary terms? OELLERICH & PERKINS.
Lorln station. Berkeley.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT— Ban Pablo are., I
miles north of Berkeley: $150 to !?00 per acre;
lots $69 to $1SO each: !5 a month: call for
maps. G. W. HAIGHT. 401 California gl. &F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LEST.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AU8-
TIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND PURNiTURE FOR SALES.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDT. SZi— Nicely furnished newly papered
housekeeping rooms; adults; prlv. residence.
ELLIS, til, near Larkin— Neat new furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private; reasonable.
JESSIE. 47S, near Cth— Two furnished house-
keeping rooroc; also one double room.
MARKET, near Maaon — 2 room*, furnished,
folding bed, gas, $io. Call 142 Kearny st.
MINNA. 28— Bunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; very cheap.
XOE, 113 — 2 or S sunny rooms In modern cor.
flat; folding-bed, gaa ttove; $12; N. Market.
OAK, 119—2 laree parlors, sunny, furnished for
heavy housekeeping; 2 beds; $14.
PIERCE. 349 — 2 or I furnlehed rooms for light
I housekeeping; use cf etov* and gas.
POLK. 1£2»— Tour choice of two large sunny
rooms; light housekeeping.
SACRAMENTO. 1514. bet. Hyde and Larkin—
Parlor floor, 5 elegantly furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; piano; appreciated if
seen.
TEHAMA. 478. nr. 6th— 112; S rooms complete
for housekeeping; no children.
TURK, 12fr-Two furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; closet. ¦
TURK. 618— t furnished front housekeeping
room*, fix.
TURK. 727—2 runny unfurnished rooms and
kitchen with stove; private family; reasonable,
V.i:nSTE», 1S42 — Fttrniehed rooms, eultable for
housekeeping, or single. " *
A BRANCH olOce for Call advertisements and
rubtcriptlona bai been established at 10H
Valencia at.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Dnfnra.
A^BRUNSWICK ""House. 143 Sixth— Rooms 25o
to Jl per night; IX 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
Ul'HKETT, 142« Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlched rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. £20 CThe Elk)-Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., U CO to $7
week; 25c to %l 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH. 627— Nicely furnished sunny room to let.
CHESTNUT.- 293, cor. Dupont— Furnished room*
for housekeeping to let; cheap.
CLIFFORD. 204 Bills, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms;' prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. 965. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nlehed gunny rma., single or suites; reasonable.
FOLSOM, TTC-i — Large neatly furnished room;
every convenience.
FOURTH. 225-Four nice front room* to letj
also single rooms.
GEARY, 405 {The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
rmt; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ste.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
2 ROOMS furnished complete for housekeep-
ing. Apply 35 Grand st.
LARKIN, S194 — Large sunny room, suitable for
2 gentlemen; gas and bath; reasonable.
LAS P ALMAS, 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rme. ; private; bath; sin. rms. ; board optional.
MISSION, 652. 1 block from Call— Fine double
rooms; permanent and transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, (2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NICE inside room, lady or gent. $5. . 1028 Mar-
ket st. ; Inquire room 8. second floor. :. ; .
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POST. 843— A bay-window alcove furnished
room, with running water. ,
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 821 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25c to $1, week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. S5c to $1 60; week, (2 to
JS; month, JS to ?30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 1S6— Suite of furnished rooms, suitable
for business; also small room.
SUTTER, near Leavenworth — Attractive newly
furnished room; strictly private house; price
moderate: references. Address box 4104, Call.
SUTTER. 678— Sunny furnished rooms for flrst-
clafs physician, dentist or other business.
SCTTER, 951— Large sunny room; private
family.
TAYLOR, 318— Sunny suitei also sunny room
for 2 gents; separate beds; rent reasonable.
TURK. 832— Two rooms, reasonable, for light
housekeeping.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
ROOMS WASTED. ~~
2 OR 8 unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
state location and price. Address box SS01.
Call office.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First st, near Har-
rison.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 1604 California st.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DrviDEND Notice— Dividend No! U0 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Bteamshlp
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, S27 Market et., on and after Thurs-
day, November 1, 1900. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26, 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E_ H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. Collector's Office, San Fran-
cisco, October 20, 1900.— Notice of Sale— Notioe
is hereby given that the following described
merchandise, srlzed for violation of the
United States Revenue Laws, will be sold at
j-'jMIe auction to the highest bidder for U.
6. lawful money, at the entrance to the re-
ceiving department, New Appraiser's Stores,
en the Eth day of November. 1300. Sale to
commence at 10 o'clock a. m. of said day:
2 packages cigars. November 1. 1S99; 675 ci-
gars, November 10. 1899; 1500 cigars, November
13, 18S9; 600 cigars. November 13, 1899; 1 pack-
age cigars, November $, 1S99; 700 cigars, No-
vember 16. 1S99; C7J cigars, November 16. 1899;
700 cigars, November 23, 1SSS; 4 bundles rat-
tan shaving. December 6, 1S99; 2 silk ehlrts
and 1 dozen silk handkerchiefs, December 5,
1&3: 1 package cigarettes, December 12, 1899;
6 dozen silk handkerchiefs, December 15, 1S99;
S35 cigars, December 22, 1899; 650 cigars. De-
cember 26, 1S99; 150 cigars, December 26, 1399;
1 roll pongee silk. December £6, 1899; 100 ci-
gars, December 26, 1899; U0 cigars, December
26. 1S39; 1 package miscellaneous merchandise,
December 26. 1S&9; 200 cigars, January 3, 1300;
300 cigars, January 3, 1900; 1 package cigars
and cigarettes, January 4, 1900; 1 package
.cigars. December 29. 1839; 1 package cisara,
January 4 1900; 1 package cigars, January 4,
1900; 1 package cigars, January 4, 19C0; 1 pack-
age cigars, January 4, 1900; 4 bundles cigar-
ettes. January 4, 1900; 1 package cigars, Janu-
ary 8, 1900; 2 packages cigars, January 5.
1900; 41 raw hides, January 16, 1900; 1 pack-
age cigars, January 19, 1900; 2 bottles gin,
January 19, 1960; 2 packages cigarettes, Janu-
ary 23, 1900; 1 package cigars, January 19.
1900; 1 package cigars. January 19. 1900; 725
cigars, January 26, 1900; 1 case glass lamps,
February 3, 1900; 5 5-tael boxes prepared
opium. February 12, 1900; 2022 cigarettes, Feb-
ruary IS, 1900; 2 packages cigarettes, Febru-
ary 11, 1900; 4 cases printed matter, February
20. 1900; 3 Jars lily bulbs. March 5, 1000; 900
cigars, March 22, 1900; 10 silk caps, March 23,
IKK); 1 package paper napkins, March 31,
1&00; 200 cigars, March 8L 1900; 750 cigars,
March 31, 1900; 20 S-tael boxes prepared
opium, April 7. 1900; 1 package cigarettes,
April 6, 1S00: 8 6-tael boxes prepared opium,
April 12, 1900; < 6-tael boxes prepared opium
and 300 cigars. April 12, 1900; 6S3 cigars, April
12, 1900; 140 ellk caps, April 12. 1900; 600 cigars,
April 1J, 1900: 1 case tobacco. April 17. 1900;
4 S-tael boxes prepared opium. April 16. 1900;
2 packages cigars, April 26, 1900; 150 cigars,
April 27. 1900; 1 package books, April 28, 190*;
1W cigars, May 2, 1900; 800 cigars. May 14,
1900: 150 cigars. May IS. 1900; 700 cigars. May
IS, 1900 X silk dressing jacket. May 25. 1900;
] ellk dressing Jacket and 6 tea sets. May 25,
1900; CS cigars, June 5, 1900; 300 cigars, June
6, 1900; 1 package cigars. June 5, 1900; 1
package cigars, June 6, 1900; 1 package ci-
gars. June 5, 1900; 1 package cigars. June 5,
1900; 1 package cigars, June 5, 1900; 1 pack-
age cigars, June 6, 1900; 375 cigars, June 7,
ll'OO; 600 cigars, June 13, 1900; COO cigars, June
15. 1900; 700 cigars, June 15, 1S00; 271 cigars
and 1 piece plma cloth, June 15, 1900; 1 pack-
age cigars. June 13. 1900; 1 package cigars,
June 13, 1900: 1 package cigars, June 13. 1900;
1 package cigars, June 13. 1900: 1 package
cigars, June is, 1900; 199 cigars,' June 18, 1900;
4 boxes cifars, June IS, 1900; 2350 cigars, June
18, 1900; 1 piece plma cloth and 2 table covers,
June 19, 1900; 1 box chinaware, June 19, 1900;
4(0 cigars, June 20, 1900; 27S cigars, June 22,
1900; 1 package cigars. June 23. 1900; 1 pack-
age cigars, June 23, 1900; 1 package cigars,
June 23. 1900; 2 cases pickles, June -27, 1900;
1 package cigars, July L 1900; 1 package ci-
gars. July I. 1900: 1 package clears, -July L
1900; 1 package cigars, July 1, 1900;
200 cigars, July 6, 1900; 600 cigars, July
9, 1900; 75 cigars. July 9 1900: 125 cigars, July
8, 1900; 60 cigars, July 12, 1900: 1 basket con-
taining 46 6-tael tins opium, July 13, 1900; 45
cigars. July 18, 1900: 26 cigars, July 18. 1900;
1 box china and 1 basket china, July 13, 1900;
1 ellk table cover and 1 album, July 26. 1900;
219 cigars, July 20, 1900; 100 cigars, July 20,
1900; 1 embroidered table cover and 1 em-
broidered coat of arms, July 20, 1900; 100 ci-
gars. July 20, 1900; 850 cigars. July 27. 1900:
£0 cigars. July 20. 1900; CO cigars, July 20.
1900; £76 cigars. July 30, 1S0O; 1 package cigars
and cigarettes, July 24, 1900; 1 package cigars,
July 24. 1900; 100 cigars. July 3L 1900; 200 ci-
gars. July 31. 1900; 1 china tea set, July 21,
1500; 125 cigars, July 81. 1900; 35 cigars, Au-
gust 2. 1900; S 6-tael boxes prepared opium,
August 2. 1900; 100 cigars. August 2. 1900; 1
package cigars, August 1. 1900; 1 package
cigars, August 1, 1900; 1 package cigars, Au-
gust 1. 1900; 1 package cigars, August L 1900;
1 package cigars, August 1. 1900; 1 package
cigars and cigarettes, August 1. 15)00; 325 ci-
gars, August 4, 1900; SSO cigars, August 6,
1900; 24 cigars, August 7, 1300; ICO cigars. Au-
gust U. 1800; 2 packages cigars, August 10,
1900: 1 package cigarettes, August 10, 1300; 1
package cigars. August 10. 1900; 1 package ci-
gars, August 10. 1900; 1 package cigars, Au-
gust 10, 1900; 1 package satin cloth and 1 silk
klmona, August 14, 1900; 700 cigars and 1 tea
set, August 17, 1900; 75 cigars, August 17,
1900; 100 cigars, August 18, 1900; 100 cigars,
Augnst 18. 1900: 100 cigars, August 18. 1900;
100 cigars. August 20, 1900; CO cigars, August
20, 1900; 60 cigars, August 20, 1900; 60 cigars,
August H>, WW: 75 cigars, August 20, 1S0O;
125 cigars, August 20, 1900; 100 cigars, August
.20, 1900; BO cigars. August 20, 1900; 100 cigars,
August 20, 1900; 400 cigars, August 20, 1900;
C23 cigars, August 20, 1800; 2 boxes decorated
china, Aurust 20. 1SO0; 350 • cigars, August 20,
1900;. CO cigars, August 22, 1900; CO clears, Au-
gust 23. 1900: 100 cigars. August 22? 1900; 75
cigars August 22, .1900; 100 cigars, , August 22,
1900; . 100 cigars. August tt, 1900; . 100 cigars,
August 22. 1900; 100 cigars, August 22, 1900;
ISO clrars. August 22,' 1900; 50 cigars, August
22. 1900; 100 cigars. Aurust 2t, 1900; 150 cigars,
August 22, 1900: 100 cigars. August 22, 1900:
.50 cigars. Augnst is, 1900: 25 cigars, August
22. 1900; 75 cigars, August tX, 1900; 50 cigars,
August 22, 1200; 100 cigars, Aurust «, 1900;
100 cigars, Ausruit 22. 1S00. STANLEY JACK-
BOX, Special Deputy Actinj Collector.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery et., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580. i
ltOOMS papered from $2 B0; whitened tl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 819 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SEWING machines repaired at your home;
drop card to L. J. OWEN; 864 Folsom st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.GEORGE W. JOYCE, AS HE APPEARS IN HIS CELL IN THE CITY
PRISON. AND THE TWO WOMEN WHO ARE BEFRIENDING THE
ALLEGED BIGAMIST AND FORGER.
was afterward learned that Joyce had
obtained the presents which he had given
his wife by means of forged checks.
After disappearing from Los Angeles he
went to Xew York, where he married an
other woman, whom he also deserted.
He will be taken back to Los Angeles to
night.
geles arrived here to take Joyce back.
In addition to the many crimes which
have already been charged to Joyce the
detective says that last January he mar
ried Annie Bergln. a servant employed by
Judge Smith of Los Angeles, and after
living with her for only a week took all
the money she had and disappeared. It
He Must Answer to
Charges of Forqery
.• and Bigamy.
NELLIE HAMILTON, a prepos
sessing young woman, was be
fore Judge Cabaniss yesterday,
charged with smuggling a flask
of whisky into the City Prison.
Late on Thursday night Miss Hamilton
and Belle Humphrey, the divorced wife of
George W\ Joyce, who is wanted In Los
Angeles for bigamy and, forgery, visited
him In the City Prison, where he is tem
porarily confined. The Hamilton woman
was seen to pass him a flask of whisky,
and she was at once placed under arrest.
Yesterday when the case was called in
the Police Court Miss Hamilton claimed
that she was ignorant of the law and did
not know that she was committing any
offense when she smuggled the whisky
Into the prison. She said Mrs. Humphrey
had purchased the flask and had given it
to her, with Instructions to pass It to
- C Belleving her story. Judge Cabaniss
promptly dismissed the case.-
Last night Detective Hawley of Los An-
Much Married Man to
Go Back to Los
Angeles.
Manner.
Druggist Oswald I* Mish. who resides
at 1153 Oak 6treet and conducts a phar
macy at 14SS Market, h^d a narrow escape
last night from a violent death. Frank
Fmith. a waiter employed by a Sutter
ftreet caterer and living* at 1643 Market
street, was on his way home at 7:30
o'clock. He found it hard to get aloug
and leaned against >.he glass front of
Mich's drug store.
After parleying with Smith for some
time Mish went back into the store ar.d,
returning, found him still leaning against
the glass. He order-d him away, but
Smith, resenting, stabbed Mleh tn the left
breast just above the heart with a pen
knife he held in his hand.
Smith was arrested and charged with
assault to commit murder and Mish wa«
treated at the Receiving Hospital. His
injuries are not serious.
A Man Ordered to Move On Vents
His Spite in Murderous
STABS A DRUGGIST
WITH HIS PENKNIFE
The P. P. P. P. is coming'
to San Francisco! What is itP
Why. the Pingree Potato
Patch Plan. The California
Club is to carry out the good
•work — and next Sunday's Call
will tell you all about it.
prices.
There is a scarcity of good horses in this
State sm<1 Nevada at th«> present time, and
If the report that the Russian Government
has entered ih» hors* purchasing field be
true a further boom in livestock is ex
pected. Horses that a few months ago
•were "eating their heads off." so far as
their value wa? concerned, are now being
fed on the best, the land affords. Not
many are being shipped to the city, as
agents of the different governments '.hat
are purchasing the anjmais seem to pre
fer to buy tht-m In the open field. N
Apents of the RusFlan Government are
reported to be buying a large number of
horses for use in China. Telegrams have
been sent to Hcno, Nev.. I'klah. CaL; and
other places where horses are plentiful,
arranging dates when the agents of the
Czar may inspect the ar.lmals.
Just who are the responsible parties in
the matter is= not yet known, and inquiries
at the Rursian consulate, at Octavia and
O'Farrell ftreots, fai! to bring forth any
direct ror.firir.ntion of the report, all re
plies being couched* in the polite language
of diplomacy.
Horse dealers in the city are. however,
full of the idea that a deal :n horses great
er In ( xtent thjn that recently engineered
by the Gorm.-in Government is on the
tapis. There are a large number of horses
at Rarten. originally drstinod for China,
but as these animals are not the pick of
the thousands that were purchased no
fear is felt that the throwing of these on
the m.irk. t will res-ult in a breaking of
Reports of a Secret Deal in
Livestock by the
Russians.
— »
Boom in the Trade in California and
IJevada Believed to Be Immi
nent as a Result of China
Trouble.
AGENTS OF THE
CZAR ARE HERE
BUYING HORSES
Frederick BI. Garretson has decided to
contest his wife's action for divorce in hi*
home town. Judge Bahrs granted a
change of venue on mdtlon of Garretson'a
counsel and the pleadings In the case
were transferred to San Diego. Mrs. Lot
tie A. Garretson. the plaintiff, will go to
San Diego to prosecute her case.
is the ground upon which Mrs.
Garretson seeks a decree. She makes
many .specific allegations of cruelty- and
charges her husband with general mis
conduct since their marriage In San
Diego in October of 1893. After their mar
riage Mrs. Garretson says they moved to
Oakland and there she was forced to en
dure a bitter experience. Her husband,
she says, nightly placed a revolver under
his pillow and without provocation, in the
middle of the night, would threaten to
blow out her brains. In July of 1897, she
contlnres, her husband assaulted her and
tried to choke her to death, beins pre
vented only by the quick action of her
brother. John Curtis.
Jioo/xxt, and his income is $500 a month.
«oS> pra >' s J or an alimony allowance of
52C0 a- month, together with a decree of
divorce. ¦ ,-¦¦¦•
Suit in His Home
Town.
His "Wife "Will Prosecute Her Divorce
GABRETSON GRANTED
CHANGE OF VENUE
Although It received the hearty ¦ sup
port of Paul H. Blades, the general
manager of the'Scripps-Blades Company,
the business failed to prosper, henco the
discontinuance of the paper.
From the time of Bunker's departure
the fall of the Report was rapid. It
dropped page by. page from a twelve to a
two sheet paper. Its linotype machines
were discontinued one after another until
one pres3 and one machine did all the
work. . .
Then the change came. Hiester died.
Then the staff was cut down and next the
paper was for sale. It was bought by an
eastern syndicate and Bunker soon there
after started on a tour of the world.
back, the Report boomed and its owners
gr«ew rich. From 1880 to 1SS6-7 the Report
was a power in politics and ¦was "the"
evening: paper. Kverybody read It and
the owners were the most sought after
men in the City Hall. . , '
The San Francisco Report has ceased
publication and has retired from the field
of competition -with the other evening
papers. Owing to the long illnees and
death a few months ago of George H.
Scripps. one of tb< proprietors of the
paper, legal j complications arose which
have finally reached a. state which caused
the present management to decide todls
contlnue the publication of the paper."
The San Francisco Dally Report was
started bv William Mitchell Bunker and
Amos C. Hieater in tho 'SO's. It was then
a Btock paper pure and simple. Bunker
gathered the news and Hlester set It up.
tiradually the paper gathered Influence
and 3. F. Sutherland Joined the staff. • .
From this small -beierlnninff was evolveil
the Dailv Report. .With the support of
Boss Buckley (then at his zenith) and
with the entire Democratic machine at its
Bunker & Hiester's Famous Enterprise Not
' Successful in Other Hands.
PASSING OF DAILY REPORT.
PAPER QUITS PUBLICATION
that the method employed by the Jury
was uncertain. Indifferent and highly
problematical and that the only damage
which could be computed would be for
rental value of the land.
Death of Mrs. McAllister.
Mrs. M. McAllister, sister. of Sergeant o?
Police Donovan, died yesterday at Sai
Jose. - Her body will be brought : here fo
Interment. . - , -
The Supreme Court yesterday reversed
the Judgment In the case of T. A. Crowe
of Stanislaus County against the San
Joaquin and Kings River Canal and Irri
gation Company, on the ground that, tho
jury had no right to assess the amount of
damages the plaintiff should have received
by reason of the damage he sustained by
not being furnished with. water. Crowe
sued the company because It would not
furnish him with water for Irrigation pur
poses and the Jury fixed his loss at $1091.
arriving at' this verdict by claiming ho
would have made that profit if he had
received the ¦ water and planted the land
with alfalfa. In Its decision the Supreme
Court i reversed that judgment, holdins
Be versed a "Water Verdict.
Tho directors of the Merchants' Asso
ciation held a special j meeting ' yesterda j
and discussed the proposed * ordinance reg
ulating and licensing pool rooms. V Repre
sentatives of the Law and Order Leagm
addressed the board -upon this ; subject.
The board decided that resolutions should
be adopted" disapproving ' the ordinance
and urging the citizens of the city to vote
against It at the approaching ¦ election
Tho. resolutions will -be finally considered
at a special meeting of the board to b*.
held to-day. -" , • - ,
Opposed to Pool Ordinance.
A solemn preparation for the commem
oration of All Souls will begin at St. Pe
ter's Church. Twenty-fourth and Ala
bama streets, to-morrow evening- at 7:30
and will continue every evening until Fri
day, All Souls* day. Father Yorke will de
liver a series of conferences on the fol
lowing subjects: Sunday. "Ships That
Pass": Monday, "Shall we Perish Utter
ly?". Tuesday, "Dies Irae"; Wednesday,
"The Middle State"; Thursday "The
Choir Invisible"; and Friday. "The Mem
ory of the Dead." A special choir of men
and boys will sing each evening.
For All Souls' Day.
This favorite steamer, under' command, of
Captain Lawless, will sail for, Papeete' Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming islands <>? the
South Seas have been reached by sailing: vessels,
requiring 30 to 40 days, but the time of new
steamship service will be*. 10tt days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rate at 643
Market street."- : ' '. * ". ' •"
; ¦ m ¦ :
The Australia for Tahiti.
TO MAKE BEQTJISITION
FOE KNOWLTON'S SALARY
Superintendent Stands by Suspended
Vice Principal — Teachers. and
Merchants Cannot Agree.
Superintendent of Schools Webster will
Issue a requisition' this morning on the
Auditor for- the: payment of, 175 to Vice
Principal Ebenezer Knowlton, who was
euspended from his position. by the Board
of Education- This amount represents
the salary of Knowlton . from September
12 to September 30, which still remains un
paid. Webster is acting in . accordance
with the provisions of the political code,
as a result of the recent judgment of
State Superintendent Kirk, who rules that
Knowlton has- been illegally deprived of
his position and is entitled to his salary.
The Auditor has expressed his intention
not to audit the demand unless it Is coun
tersigned, by the School Board. • As that
body refuses to change Its resolution sus
pending Knowlton without pay,, the latter
will resort to .mandamus proceedings.
Superintendent Webster says he has re
ceived a number of complaints from par
ents regarding the course of study recent
ly' promulgated by the board. It is as
serted that . pupils obliged to study
until as late as 11 or 12 o'clock at night in
order to prepare their lessons. Webster
Is having the complaints re'duced to writ
ing and in a few weeks will present a de
tailed report en the course. •
There is at present the sum of $10,000.
collected on collateral inheritance taxes,
lving Idle in. the .City Treasury, which
could be used Jo pav off demands of 1&3S
if the teachers anil merchant creditors
could come to an agreement. The teach
ers aver that they are entitled to the en
tire sum. But Attorney Powers contends
that the merchant' creditors should re
ceive a portion of it. Until an agreement
Is reached the Auditor says he will not
pay out one cent of. the -money.
Serjeant Brophy Will Succeed Ser
geant McManus in Suppressing
- Gamblers and Highbinders.
Sergeant William F. Brophy. will relieve
Sergeant McManus in Chinatown soon
after election. This ! was announced by
Chief of Police Sullivan yesterday and
Brophy. was' immediately detailed to the
Chinese quarter, where he will' go over
the ground for several days with the pres
ent squad. " '
McManus entered Chinatown upon the
retirement of Sergeant ..Mahoney. from
that section. - He was placed there on ac
count of his reputation for honesty and
faithful work. He has Increased the
amount of money in the treasury by ma».y
thousands of dollars collected in fines and
has, had the gamblers terrified.- Sergeant
Brophy has /been at the Harbor Police
Station for some time. His' record has
been such that he is regarded as an able
successor for' McManus. ¦' • " *¦•».
CHANGE TO BE MADE
IN THE CHINATOWN SQUAD
The space allotted for the remains of
the soldiers who die at the Presidio and
for those shipped home from Manila has
proved entirely too small, and to make
room for the seventy-five bodies still re
maining in the shed It has been found
necessary to utilize that portion of the
national cemetery that Is now covered
with a growth of timber. A force of men
has been at work during the last few days
removing the trees. To utterly destroy
the growth a charge of powder Is placed
under the roots and set off. It is expect
ed that the acre of ground covered by the
trees will be cleared within the next few
weeks, and that the Interrupted weekly
funeral processions will be resumed.
Captain Crozier continued hia Inspection
of the fortifications at the Presidio yester
day. The twelve-Inch mortar battery was
submitted to the usual test and declared
to be In good condition. The captain will
devote all his time while on this coast to
the Inspection of these guns and mortars,
going from here to the various posts on
the coast.
Thirty-eight hospital corps men from
Fort McDowell and six from the general
hospital have been assigned to duty on
the transport Sherman, now undergoing
repairs. *
Lieutenant Percy M. Ashburn, assistant
surgeon, and Acting Assistant Surgeon
Edmund Barry have been detached from,
duty at the* general hospital and ordered
to temporary duty with the trotps ordered
to Manila. They will accompany the
troops on the Sherman, reporting to th«
commanding officer In Manila upon their
arrival. f - _ •
Contract Nurses Frances McCurdy and
Johanna Casey have been assigned pass
age on the Sherman for duty In the Phil
ippines.
Lieutenant "William H., "Waldroii, Ninth
Infantry, and Lieutenant G. M. Lee, Thir
ty-ninth Infantry, who returned on the
Sherman, have been granted leave of ab
sence for thirty days, with permission , to
apply for an extension. ' ;
There are now at the Presidio but forty
volunteers awaiting discharge. Thirty
three were given their papers yesterday.
An Acre of Ground Will Be
Added to the National •
Cemetery.
BURIAL GROUND
AT PRESIDIO IS
TO BE ENLARGED
More for Galveston Sufferers.
Residents of East Mission have made all
preparations for a benefit to be given this
evening at Maennerbund Hall," Twenty
fourth street and Potrero avenue. In aid
of the sufferers of the Galveston disaster.
It will be in the form of an entertain
ment by the young people, assisted by all
whose sympathy extends to the sufferings
of the people who have lost their all.
F«H Through Hatchways.
Charlts Newton, a seaman, fell through
two hatchways on the transport Sherman
last night and sustained injuries of the
shoulder and leg. He dropped a distance
of about twenty-five feet. He was treated
at the Harbor Hospital.
to Murder.
Mrs. Juanita Thompson, who cut her
husband's throat In front of the Adelphia
House, Jackson and Kearny streets, at
an early hour yesterday morning, ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday on
the charge of assault to murder. She wai
Instructed as to her rlshts and the case
was continued till next Wednesday. By
that time It Is expected her husband will
be able to be in court.
Mrs. Thompson has been a habitue of
the Barbary Coast for a number of years
and has been repeatedly arrested for
drunkenness. -About two weeks ago she
was before Judge Mogan on the charge of
being a common drunkard and the Judgu
Intended : giving her six months in jail,
but at the earnest solicitation of her hus
band he reduced the sentence to ten days.
The woman's husband. H. Thompson, is
the master of a scow schooner and when
she was released from jail he took her on
a trip, returning Thursday afternoon.
They engaged a room In' the Adelphia
House. After dinner he went out and
bought her some presents. She had alao
gone out and came back shortly after
midnight considerably under the lnflu
,ence of liquor. -He chided her and she
flew at him like a tigress. They fought
In their room and she grabbed hold of a
razor. Thompson. fled into the street, but
was overtaken by his wife, who drew tho
razor across his throat. Inflicting a super
ficial wound.
She was taken before Captain Seymour
yesterday and made a statement charging
her husband with continuous cruelty, but
no credence Is placed upon it. She is 19
years of age and shows the effects of dis
sipation.
CUTS HUSBAND'S THKOAT
IN HER DRUNKEN RAGE
Mrs. Juanita Thompson Instructed
on the Charge of Assault
Comprehensive Plan Includes Diplo
matic Advisory Board of Citi
zens Prominent in Every
The board of governors of the Pacific
Commercial Museum met yesterday and
named Charles Holbrook, R. B. Schwerin
and A. Sbarboro for vice presidents. The
principal business was the consideration
of suggestions for an advisory board. The
plan is for a large and influential body,
representing all the Pacific Coast States
throuph their Governors and Senators;
the cities *of San ' Francisco, San Dlegro,
.Tacoma,; Sacramento. San Jose, Los An
geles, Portland, .Seattle, Stockton and
Oakland by, their Mayors; the Chambers
of Commerce of San Francisco, San Di
ego, Tacoma, "Sacramento, San Joat, Los
Atigeles,* Portland, Stockton, Eureka an-i
Fresno; representatives of the commercial
bodies of Tacoma, San Joso and Oakland;
two representatives from each commercial
body west of the Mississippi that has a
membership of 100 or more; a diplomatic
adv^ory board to consist of foreign Con
suls In San Francisco; also the following
who were mentioned by name: John Hay,
Secretary of State; John W. Foster;
Stephen Dole, Governor of Hawaii; John
Barrett, Dr. W. P. Wilson, Claus Spreck
els, D. O. Mills, Henry E. Huntlngton W.
H. Crocker, Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Captain
Albert K. Payson, E.' A. Denicke, James
W. Hill, John W. Mackay, Francis G.
Newlands, C. R. Bishop, William G. Ir
win, E. B. Pond, Henry J. Crocker. John
D. Spreckels, M. H. de Young, T. T. Wil
liams. Arthur Rodgers, Eli T. Sheppara.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Timothy Hop
kins; A. W. McCune. Salt Lake City; K.
C. Kerens, St. Louis; Professor Carl C.
Plehn, University of California; Professor
Bernard T. Moses, Mrs. Jane L. Stanford;
State Superintendent of Education Thom
as Kerens, Salt Lake City.
W. H. Mills was elected a member of
the board of governors to succeed F. W.
Dohrmann, who resigned. The next meet-
Ing will be held'November 13 In the room3
of the San Francisco Board of Trade. The
foreign Consuls residing in San Francisco
will De Invited to attend.
Influential Body Will Ad
vance Commercial In
terests.
ADVISORY BOARD
NOMINATED FOR
PACIFIC MUSEUM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1900.
Nellie Hamilton's Misplaced Charity to Joyce
Is Lightly Dealt "With by Judge Cabaniss.
DOES N0J KNOW IT IS WRONG
TO GIVE PRISONERS WHISKY
14
Hale's. 1 Hale'a.
¦ ••••¦••¦•¦
interesting news from
all around the store
every item represents splendid value, such prices
being seldom associated with such qualities, it is some-
thing to set the thrifty thinking, while we could make
the list many times longer, the reading might tire.
black corded satin belts with alternating cords o!
gilt and black — a very handsome novelty OlOC
each". " \l /'I
., ¦•;--• ? uii«£w
¦ pattern veils of fine silk tuxedo net, with fancy
corded' scalloped borders — plain black, black with
white dots, plain white and white with black ftP A
dots — each DuC
fine novelty pattern veils — oblong velvet dots on a
fine but strong hair thread mesh — pearled bor- Ai rn
ders — one of the very latest novelties — each 0| ( !)[J
our famous H. B. kid gloves — a new shipment just
received, they have the latest embroidered backs, and
come in all the new shades of tan, mode, brown, blue,
green, gray, red and pearl, also black and white — every-
thing that manufacturing science and capital can do has
been done to make this the best kid glove Cl.f|f|
that can be sold for. SI ill
French kid pique suede gloves in black and the
new pastel shades of mode and gray — per 0| P(j
p air • oI.uU
heavy fast black cotton hose — for boys and girls — ¦
narrow rib — extra long — seamless and elastic — double
knees, heels and toes — sizes 5^ to o# — regular Q ft
\2V2z goods — only Jj|j
Virginia bouquet and yellow rose toilet soaps —
made by the Cheney Soap Co — worth 30c a box | Q *
of three cakes — our price I v U
Rogers silver nickel tipped teaspoons — regu- "7 r ft
lar price $1.00 a dozen — our price |3G
white or green eaa tile soap — half-pound bars if) |*
— worth 20c each — our price I Z2u
black corded satin belts — 2^ inches wide — one of
the most popular of the late novelties— only TCn
black velvet and satin pulley belts^ — made with
pointed shield backs — perfect fitting and ex- ft I ft P
tremely popular— each *. t^j'ZO
it's a model department — manicuring and ladies'
hair dressing.
, store. ™'* t^m i v& nnk ****"* -^ specialty.
Market street, near Sixth, opp. Golden 'Gate avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
s^B ' ¦Pj^wiBtsfc w^^^uSSS I sb9 iS^
I'll isllOS
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
FREE. FREE. FREE.
4 lbs. best Granulated Sugar
Free to every ¦purchaser of
3 lbs. our best Mocha, and ¦'¦¦V-' .
Java Coffee for $1. Regular 33c I&.
Armour's Sugar-Oured Hams, 11) 12,'<3
The best Eastern. Regular 13a
Finest Creamery Butter, square 45<j
Limit. 3 squares. Regrular 60c
Extra Choice Point Reyes Butter.......' iOo
Limit S squares. Regular 50a
Best Oity Eggs, dozen 40c
Limit 4 dozen. Regular SOo.
Petaluma Strictly Fresh Egg?, dozea 25c
Limit 4 dozen. Regular 33c
Crosse & Blaekwell Jams v 20a
Ne-ar Imported Glass Jar. Resralar 25c.
L "W. Hwpr's Wiiskey, qt hot 85o
Received Gold Medal at Paris, 1*00.
Regular $1 25.
Fairbanks Gold Dost, 3-lb pkg lco
Regular 20c.
Royal Baking Powdsr. 1-11) eaa .....40c
Limit 2 . cans. Regular 45c
Finest Scotoh. asd Irish Whiskey, qt hot $1.00
Robert Crawford St Co.
Edinburgh and Lelth. Regular $1 50.
Sweet Cakes, Fig Bar, Cocoanut, lb 12^o
Taffy. Xle-Nae. Lemon. Regular 20a.
F. Leeourt Mushrooms, eaa - 22uo
Imported. Limit 3 cans. Regular 30c.
Saidir's Eome-Mada Catsup...... 20o
Rerular 23c
Ghirardalli's Cocoa, K-H> can. ............... .20o
Limit 2 cans. Regular 23a
Extra 8)da Craokerj, 15-lb boi... ......... -55c
. Rerular . Be.
Renown Cigars '. ¦ 7 for 25o
Humboltlt. Sanchei and Haya. Belmont
and Leading Brands. 12Hc size.
•For 10c
Freight paid by us when within 10Q miles.
1343-1354 MARKET STREET.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. 293. No Branch Stores.
Big Sale.
Elite Limoges French China
Primrose Decoration*.
Olive Dish ....lacts>
Olive Trays tocta
Dessert Plate l?cts
Dinner Plate * 7 C | 9
Cake Plate |. oa i
Cream Pltcner -.l!«*o # ct»
Salad Bowl 7»ct»
44 Piece Dinner Set 10.70
loo Piece Pinner act.e2.30
We arc Cutting: ITlces
all to Pieces During Our
Bis Clearance Sale.
Gre at Am Bricaa Imp optiBiE Tea C o
52 Market St.. Junction California
. OUR BRANCll STORES KVERTWHET.E.
Trunks. A traveling, bass.. Before buying •'
our '-'bureau trunk.", a:* u; Smith Co.. 12* Ell.J
: Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, d.
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. S26 Sutter.
Credit tailors— a little a week. Chicago Tall*
orln» Co.. 113-15 Grant ave.. 8. F.
WOMEN'S
WINTER UNDERWEAR SALE
•mATiii
, TO-DAY we offer economical buyer* of Women' a and Children's Underwear an opportunity
to'SAVEFHOM ONE-QUARTER TO ONE-THIRD from regular selling price. Our rea-
son for doing this is. we bought more goods • than • we have room for. The chance. Is now
. yours to take advantage of. . • , ¦ • . ¦ "
Sic- WOMEN'S HEAVY -FLEECE-LINED ¦ SHAPED ' .VESTS, white . and • natural. French
.: .bands, : ankle lengths; regular value 35c.
41)c— WOMEN'S AVHITE -WOOL MIXED VEST8 OR PANTS; these garments Bold all over
, . at 75c .. f , . : .'". ;
' S5p-"WOMEN'S SHAPED RIBBED WOOL VESTS, pink only, long: or half sleeves; regular
value Jl 25. . , i '-- .
9 1.O«t- WOMEN'S WOOL . •' "ONEITA'V COMBINATION . SUITS. whlt« and natural, ankle
lengths, long sleeves; sold .elsewhere Jl GO.'.
All-other carmen ts in -Women's' and Children's -Underwear -have, special prices on them
for to-day only. ... ¦ ¦
HOSIERY.
:17c— WOMEN'S BLACK AND WHITE . POLKA DOT HOSE, full : finished. 25c quality. <
IHc- CHILDREN'S HOSE, lxl* ribbed, . the same hose you pay. 25c pair for elsewhere.
Ti-DAYbNLY.
. SO . dozen ¦ FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, lined, flounced : skirts, bretelles. collar and cuffs
.trimmed with. braid; on sale at 83c; sold elsewhere at $1 25. . ..
*2.2O for SERGE OVERSKIRTS, blacfc or navy blue, same quality sold elsewhere $3 50.
45c 'for -FLANNEL NIGHT, GOWNS, cut full and wide: sold all over at 73c.
. !»Sc for NIGHT GOWNS, made of . Cinderella Flannel, come In pink, blue or cream;' sold
t-l&ewhere at fl 60. • ' - , .
UN DE RSICI RT^S.
Looks like silk, ; accordion pleated,', all colors; "on «ale at OOe. . :
/*.'l.5O for SILK AND i WOOL BLACK MOREEN ACCORDION PLEATED SKIRTS lined
> ..'¦ ruffle, cut full; sold throughout city at $5 00. • - ':
'.*. NOTICE OUR DISPLAY WINDOWS r AND SEE OUR OnEAT OFFERINGS IN SILK
.•WAISTS. FLANNEL WAISTS, CHILDREN'S CLOAKS and HEADWEAR. .
: 1212;1214 yyVARKET STREET
B^t./TaTylor/ancI Jones - *
¦M^sWwisBMIsMlBnr^isMW^BMisWMiM^a nifal—MMi fin imirTTiii nnim nha-Tfiss-issMMsui isfnMsssWTfsT - . ¦ '
For the Galveston Victims.
The residents of East Mission gave an
entertainment at Maennerbund Hall,
Twenty-fourth street and Potrero avenue,
last night in aid of the Galveeton suffer-
ers. The young folks did everything in
their power to make the affair . as at-
tractive as possible. An excellent pro-
gramme was scot up. In which those tak-
ing part acquitted themselves with credit.
The entertainment will materially increase
the amount already, subscribed when all
tickets have been accounted : for."
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. v #
The name of Sloss In this community
has been synonymous with honesty,
energy and ability for fifty years. This
guarantees that M. C. Sloss, If elected,
wlllfill the office of Superior Judge with
honor to the community and credit to
himself. *
Jeese Moore "A A" whiskey is called for
everywhere. It is the drink of the people.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOW \\ LIKE IT?
Isn't It a Swell Looker?
THAT'S OUR
$1.35
HAT
In all the New Winter
Shad.es; in every block that's
Fashionably Correct.
Xo hat in town at $2.50 "'W
beat it for wear and good, looks.
%\11 M-X-1-2-M- •M-'M I"H"I 1 X-*O
t . SHADES: f
• • P-earl Gray, Steel Gray, •f
j*" Bi-qvLe. Cedar, Otter, . V
¦j • Havana Brown, Seal Brown • •
T and Mack. '.'.
• M ! I I !.M I***! I I I 1 MI 1 H-#
<JM QC\ F0R
CP 1 .OO AMY
UNION LABEL IN EVERY HAT.
¦ ¦
Cor. Kearny St. & Union-Square Av. ,